VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 28.
PLUNGES INTO THE CAHABA.
Fearful Wreck of a Train
on the Louisville and
Nashville.
CROWDED COACHES FALL
INTO THE RIVER.
Fiends Remove a Rail on a
High Bridge for the Purpose
of Robbery.
MANY PASSENGERS GO DOWN
TO THEIR DEATH.
After Descending More Than Oae
Hundred Feet the Cars Are Con
sume! by Fire.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Dec. 27.— One of
■ the most disastrous wrecks in the history
erf Southern railroads happened thirty-six
miles south of here this morning, in
which at least twenty-six persons were
killed outright and ten others injured,
two of whom will die. The ill-fatca train
was a Louisville and Nashville one which
runs from here to Blocton, a distance of
forty miles. The train left here at 5:30
a. m. in charge of- Engineer Frank White
and Conductor A. P. Connell. Pour miles
north of Btocton the .entire train, made
up of an engine, baggage-car and two pas
senger coaches, crashed through a bridge
700 feet long and 110 feet hieh into the
Cahaba River,
A rail had been removed from the track
and .when the engine struck this 300 feet
of the bridge gave way and went down
with the train. Immediately the wreck
tooK tire, the water being only about
three feet deep, and before efficient help
could be obtained the unfortunate passen
gers and trainmen wno were pinioned
under the debris were burned to death in
sigl.t of other victims of the disaster.
Some of the passengers not so badly
hurt managed to crawl out and they did
all they could in assisting others, but with
little avail. The dead are:
■JTrank White, engineer, of Birming
ham.
George Cabney, flagman, of Birming
ham.
A. P. Connt:ll, conductor, of Birming
ham.
Tom Streetee, colored porter, of Bir-
ing num. .. ; , . ..'■-..  . -. ....
Jokdas Powell,- wife and eight, children |
of Bloctonf , : \
Mrs. Henry Hasbeeey and two chil- I
dren of Birmingham.
James Doolix, express messenger, of
Gut brie, Ky. *
L. W. Martin, Brook wood.
Bruce i Hii&m, Blocton.
£. W. Tißns and wife, Campbelltown.
Andrew Bryson, Biocton.
George Glkndall, Helena, and four
others, unidentified.
T.-ie injured are: Edward Echo's, slight
ly; Henry llanberry, ribs broken; Powell
(child), baJiy burned; Mrs. Walker of
Blocton, internally, will die; Airs. Walk
er's three children, slightly; Miss Booth
of Blocton, internally, will aie; Stan
Stewart, arm broken.
To add horror and fury to the event,
the flames from the stoves in the coaches
set tire to the wreckage, and the entire
mass was burned to the edge of the water.
The only one of the train crew that
escaped with his life from the wreck was
the colored firemau, Sam Spencer. He
jumped from the engine while it was in
midair and falling into the river escaped,
almost by a miracle, with a broken arm.
Wild with fright, he fled for the nearest
s'ation to give the alarm, but before he
reached there s farmer passing saw the
condition of affairs and drove to a tele
graph station with his horse at full speed.
Messages were sent to this city and a relief
train went to the scene, but ere it reached
there the flames had done all their work.
- The bridge was a ponderous wooden
structure, with an iron span of 200 feet in
the center, and just at the beginning of
the ironwork train- wreckers had pulled
the spike? and removed one of the rails.
When the engineer discovered this, as j
was apparent from the position of bis
throttle and reverse lever, lie immediately
attempted to step, but was running at
such a rate of speed as to carry down the
bridge. Every evidence showed that train
wreckers had been at work.
As soon as news was received here both
the Louisville and NashvilJe and Southern
railways sent out relief trains loaded with
physicians, and everything possible was
done for those who had been fortunate
enough to get away from reach of the
flames, which consumed all of the coaches
and a part of the bridge. Many of the
dead were, charred feompletely beyond
recognition.
The exact number that perished will
never be known, but it is believed it will
roach thirty-five.
To cap the. climax, one of the relief
trains whicfi left here ran into the rear
end of the wrecking-train, which was
stopped about 150 feet from the bridge, and
came near knocking it in on top of the
burning train. In this accident the fol
lowing were injured: Sam Eastis, will
die; William Rast, will die; Wood Camp
bell, leg broken; Charles L. Stone, legs
badly hurt; John --Kitteu bury, ankle
broken. .
WORK OF THE NORHENN
After Wrecking the. Jr»in 1 hey Applied
the Torch.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Dec, 27.— One of
the survivors oi the wreck told one of the
physicians that just after the train pitched
Into the abyss three roujh-lookine men
came from the woods near the wreck and
• went throush the coaches as much as the
flames would admit them and then made
orr hurriedly.
It is also stated that these men aided
the flames by setting fire to other portions
of the wreck. It is confidently believed
the train was wrecked by the three men
and the work was accomp.ished by re
moving a rail on the bridge.
The wrecked engine bumping across the
The San Francisco Call.
ties is supposed to have made the bridge
give way. The theory of a removed rail is
supported by the fact that the engine was
found with the lever reversed and steam
shut off. If the bridge had simply col
lapsed the en:ine, they say, would have
hit on the piers and broken its front, but
the wreck shows that it did not strike any
thing that way.
Thousands of persons have besieged
the railroad offices all day. inquiring for
friends they thought might have been
on the train; but tne railroad officials
can give them no solace, as the bodies are
absolutely unrecognizable.
Superintendent Agee of the Southern
Express Company is an attentive visitor
to the railroad offices and is gathering in
formation, his company be>ng interested
in the lawless acts that have recently
stricken the Birmingham district with
horror.
The country in which the acts have been
committea is celebrated as the home of
the notoriotfs train-robber, Rube Burrows,
and thß scene of some of his exploits.
There seems no doubt that he has follow
ers who perpetrate like deeds and find
refuge in the steep crags of their moun
tain homes.
PROTEST OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
From Jerusalem Comes ' a Complaint
Against the Practices of Certain .
Minions of the Sultan. j <
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 27.— A letter
to the New York Times postmarked Jeru
salem, December 8, which was delivered
yesterday, contained the report of a meet
ing held on November 30 by citizens of the
I United States living in Jerusalem to take
j action and protest against an order revok
ing certain privileges of protection enjoyed
under the prestige of United States citi
zenship. ■
The meeting formulated an address and
instructed a committee to forward' it to
President Cleveland. The address begins:
At this moment, when this nation (Turkey)
is shaking with apprehension of civil discord
and war, end when we scarcely know what to
; loot for on the coming day, the situation of
the United States citizens resident here is
made extremely perilous by the untimely or-;
ders Issued to our diplomatic officers to with
] hold all Government protection from, those
i whom they may reasonably suspect of not
| having the intention of returning to the
j United States.
Ocr Government must certainly know that
independent of such an order the status of
United States citizens in '■ Tursey, ■ although
busid upon the rights, privileges and immu
nities granted them by treaty, is already non
si>ti potent. --. We therefore protest against the
application of this order.
The reasons for the protest are summed
up in five sections. The first says that
the rights granted by treaty to reside and
own real estate in Jerusalem are not
limited - in ' time, and that those the order
Specially "affects are the nrmrtitari;; of
j poor, aged Hebrews who have settled'
i there to spend their days in the land of
their forefathers. The second says that it
cannot be shown thai the loyalty of
American citizens ha 3 in any degree
diminished by reason of their absence
from their native or adopted country.
Section '6, in full, states:
While residing In the Sultan's dominions
they enjoy the privilege of the extra-terri
torial jurisdiction of the United States, are
subject to its laws and amenable to its tribunal
alone." The refusal of the Government to grant
protection to those who have never renounced'
their allegiance, or to enforce treaty rights on
their behalf, is branding them with the mark
of Cain, so that all who meet them may slay
them. (
An addition declares that the order is
equivalent to an act of expatriation, a
power never granted by the constitution
nor by any act of Congress to be exercised
by any officers over their, fellow-citizens.
Section 4 says that the promulgation of
the order at the present time of danger is
impolitic and cruel, and has added fuel to
the increasing hostility manifested to
ward all foreigners, and especially to
Americans. Section 5 reads:
The protection which our consuls have been
able for some years past to grant us has been
more nominal than real. Redress for offenses
committed by natives against United States
citizens sought through our consulate from
the native court Is in most instances treated
with disdain, aud those referred to the au
thorities at Constantinople are consigned to
some place whence there is no return.
Consequently, for the wrongs from which
many of us, entirely innocent of any offense,
are suffering, wrongs which not only affect our
riehts, but in some' cases involve many thou
sands of dollars, remain unredressed. There
fore, until these wrongs are righted and our
just claims enforced, many of us are compelled
to remain, however earnestly we may desire
to return to our native land.
PURE LEG EXHAUSTED
So the Xew Tear's deceptions Will lie
Made Brief.
LONDON, Eng., Dec. 27.— The Standard
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Rome saying that the Pope was much ex
hausted after bis reception of the cardin
als on Wednesday last, on which occasion
he made a speech in which he deplored
the situation of the Papacy in Italy and
stated that his intentions in making over
tures to King MeneliK of Abyssinia to re
lease the Italian prisoners held by him
have been misrepresented. The Standard's
correspondent adds that it is cot likely
that His Holiness will be able to hold his
New Year receptions on successive days in
accordance with his custom. Arrange
ments are making to have the receptions
as brief as possible.
Death of .i .\,>ted Scientist.
BERLIN, Germany, Dec. 27.— Professor
Eroil dv Bois-Reymond, a distinguished
physiologist, died in this city yesterday.
Professor Dv Boin-Reymond was born in
| Berlin in 1818. He began studying theol
! ozy. but abandoned this for natural
j science. After a sojourn at Bonn he re
turned to Berlin and studied anatomy and
physiology under Jan Muller, and under
his ndvice undertook nil resenrches ir. an
imal electricity on which subject he pub
lished several woiks.
Jilojyed With a Oijpat/.
LONDON, Eng., Dec. 27.— The (stand
ard's Vienna correspondent telegraphs
that t!ie Princess Carraman - Chamay,
formerly Miss Clara Ward of Detroit,
Mich., who eloped with Janos Rigo, a
Hungarian Gypsy musician, spent i hrist
mas eve at the home of Rigo's parents at
Stuhlweissenberg, Hungary. The Prin
cess Las purchased a house and several
acres of land, which bhe has given to her
paramour's parents. On Christmas day a
number of Gypsy bands serenaded Rigo
and the Princess. The couple will go to
America in the spring.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
Scene in Trinity Church as the Funeral Services Over the Body of Kate Field Were in Progress.
SENOR CANOVAS
IS INDEPENDENT
Says the Cuban Question
Does Not Concern
Uacia Sam.
There ore Negotiations for Settle
ment Have Not Been Made
With This Country.
Thinks Spain Can Suppress the
Insurrection Without Any
Foreign Aid
LONDON. E*g., Dec. 27.— A dispatch
from Madrid to the Central News says
that Senor Canovas del Castillo, the Prime
Minister, denies that negotiations have
been or will be opened with the United
States locking to the pacification of Cuba.
The Prime Minister holds that the Cuban
question is one of internal politics which
in no wise concerns the United States or
any other foreign power, and he is still
confident that Spain is fully able to sup
press the insurrection in Cuba without
asking for or accepting the good offices of
any Government to secure that end.
RON MACED WAS KILLED.
First Correct Version of the Affair from
the General's Secretary.
NLW YORK, N. V.. Dec. 27.— A letter
received here by a member of the Cuban
Junta fiom the secretary of the late Gen
eral Maceo gives the first really official in
formation of his death. It says that
Maceo was not Defrayed to the Spaniards
under a flag of truce. He had passed the
trocha with thirty of his officers, his inten
tion being to concentrate the forces of
Havana Province and probably attack the
city while Weyler was away in the field.
His plan was betrayed to the Spaniards,
and for this Dr. Zertucha is suspected.
At San Pedro, near Havana, the party
had to pass along a roadway, on one side
of which wa« a stone wall. A company
of Spanish sharpshooters had been sta
tioned behind It. General Maceo and
young Gomez were in advance of the rest
of the Suddenly the riflemen fired
a volley, killing Maceo and Gomez. Justz
and Nodarse, who were following closely
behind, were also killed instantly. The
writer of the letter was wounded, but
made his escape. The remaining members
of Maceo's staff were allowed to escape.
POWERS OF THE PRESIDENT
Chandler Show* Jhat Then Are Sot as
Gr'at an Cleveland tiuppotes.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 27.-Sena
tor Chandler of New Hampshire takes
issue with President Cleveland as to the
power vt sted in the President of the
United States to alone recognize or not rec
ognize the belligerency or independence of
a loreign country or a dependency of that
country. He lines upon the side of Cuba,
and in an interview made public to-night
he takes strong grounds in favor of the
ritrhts of Congress. Discussing the sub
ject he says:
The new immigration law, if It passes, will
require foreigners coming to live in this coun
try to read and write as a test five lines of the
United States constitution. There are certain
five lines which eminent Spanisb-American
lawyers ought to read. Section 8, after enumer
ating in seventeen clauses the powers of Con
gress, adds another as follows: "IS— To make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers and all other powers vested by this
constitution in the Government of the United
States or in any department or officer thereof."
A study of the above clause may lead some
of the defiant advocates of an arrogant per
sonal government at the executive mansion to
revise their assertions. It Is not contended
that the above clause 18 gives Congress power
by law passed over a veto by a two-thirds vote
to Interfere with any power made exolusivo in
the President by express words or necessary
implication. What are the powers expressly
given to the President?
1. To command the army and navy.
2. To grant pardons.
3. To make treaties (with the consent of the
Senate).
4. To appoint officers of the United States.
5. To convene Concress and to adjourn It
when the two houses disagree.
6. To receive Embassadors and other public
ministers.
7. To take care that :. ; '-vws be faithfully
executed. I
8. To commission officers of the United
States.
The above are all the powers granted. Com
pare them with the long list of powers given
to Congress, including that to declare war and
provide for the common defense and general
welfnre, and ending with the power given in
the above clause 18 to make all laws necessary
and proper to carry into execution all the
powers vested in the Government *'or In any
department or officer thereof."
The President may coinmaud the army and
navy. Yes; but Congress by law may give
him specific direction^ what to do with them,
to use them in tmy particular direction or not
to use them at ail. He may grant pardons.
Yes; but Congress may by law open all prison
doors and let the criminals go free. He may
make treaties with the consent of the Senate
and they become laws. Here is the only
power to roake law not vested in Congress.
He may appoint officers. Yes; but Congress
may create and abolish the offices and regu
late the power of appointment by civil service
rules; ho is to commission all officers, but he
can commission only those who are ap
pointed in pursuance of law. He is to receive
the loreign Ministers. Yes; but only minis
ters from countries which Congress chooses to
have recognized. If two governments are
striving for control of a country Congress may
by law decide which government die United
States will recognize, and the President is
bound to obey the law and receive a minister
from that government and refuse to receive a
minister from the other.
The idea that the President has the sole pre
rogative of deciding what Government shall
be recognized by the United States has no
foundation whatever in any words to be seen
in the constitution. The fact that the Presi
dent has recognized new Governments without
Congressional expression when Congress and
the people have approved his actfon is no
proof whatever that when they disagree with
him they cannot control him bylaw. He is
their agent and when he does what they want
him to do no law is needed.
When he threatens to conduct himself as
otherwise, whether by action or non-action,
the whole subject may be controlled by a law
passed over a veto under the ample powers in
Congress granted by section 8 of article lof
the constitution, which are no; restricted nor
limited in this respect by any other clause in
the constitution. There Is no escape for the
advocates of monarch ial Government In Wash
ington from the provisions of clause 18, sec
tion 8. article 1.
It is singular that the only two Presidents
who have undertaken to defy Congress have
been Andrew Johnson and Orover Cleveland.
The one tried to create and maintain against
the will of Congress ten new State govern
ments in this union; the other claims the
right agniust the will of Congress to aid in
sustaining abroad a bloody tyranny over an
oppressed people. Mr. Johnson betrayed and
abandoned the party which elected him, his
treachery was condemned by all Hunt-minded
men and he went out of office without a party
and without a friend. Mr. Cleveland still lin
gers with as.
NO NOT NEED TROOPS.
But Members of the Junta Would Be
Glad of Congressional Aid.
BUTTE, Moxt., Dec. 27.— Captain Bor
deaux, the Cuban trader, received the fol
lowing letters to-day from T. EUrada
Palma, of the Cuban Junta, and Gonzales
de Qursada of the Cul an Embassy in an
swer io an offer to furnish men for Cuba:
Nkw York, N. Y. Dec. 27.
Captain J. T. Bordeaux, Jiuttc, ttovt.— Dear
Sir: Your valued lavor of the 15th inst. has
been received and contents noted. I beg
to tender you in the name of the Kepnblic of
Cuba my best thanks for your generous offer.
Unfortunate y, however, for our purposes, ihe
laws of the United States forbid enlistments
hero for foreign armies. Should circumstances
change, as I hope they may, your proposition
will be duly considered. Yours truly,
T. Estrada .Palma.
Don Quesada's letter is as follows:
Washington, D. C, Dec. 20.
Captain J. T. Bordeaux, Jiutte, Mont.— Dear
Eir: Yours of the 15 Ji inst. at hand. In re
ply to your offers of volunteers to go to Cuba I
must tell you that besides being objectionable
I to the Government of the United States and
contrary to the laws it is an impossibility to
send men there. What you have done in send
ing your resolutions to Senators and Con
gress is much more to the point, and I would
suggest that ..you petition your Legislature to
instruct your Senators and Representatives to
vote and uphold with vigor the Cameron reso
lution now before the Senate.
You can telegraph your Senators at once
and that will do more good tban enlisting
men, since we cannot accept any help that
might compromise the cause and this Govern
ment. Sincerely thanking you, I remain yours
gratefully, Gonzales Qcesada.
In accordance with Don Quesada's sup
; gestion iaptain Pordeanx will iniiti<-di
ately prepar? petitions to the Legislature,
calling on that body to pass a resolution
urging Senators Mantle and Carter and I
Coneressman Hartmann to support the
Cameron resolution.
GOING OVER AN "COLONISTS"
But After the Band Gets lliere It Wtll
Fight for Cuba.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 27.— A special
from El Reno, I. T., says: Cuoan sympa
thizers here have formed an oath-bound
organization which contemplates fighting
for the insurgents without violating the
United States neutrality laws. The mem
bers, composed of able-bodied men, are to
go to Cuba as colonizers and to purchase
or lease lands for the "cultivation, manu
facture and sale of tobacco."
After Cuba is reached, say the by-laws
which have been adopted, "other civic
enterprises, to be decided upon later, may
be entered into."
The members of the colony shall not be
less than 100 nor more than 200, and the
membership fee, to be paid after arrivirfg
in Cuba, is set at $100. The colonists are
to provide themselves with firearms at
their own expense for "personal^ protec
tion," and are to pay their own expenses
to the sea coast, from which they shall
embark, going as individuals.
Price Meant Business.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 27,— Major Ewing
Trice cf General Roloff's staff, held a
lengthy consultation with Colonel D. S.
Harriman, local leader of the Cuban
movement, and ether insurgent sympa
thizers, yesterday.
While unwilling to explain just why he
came here, Major Price intimated that he
meant business and had the necessary
authority to raise troops and funds. Ar
rangements for a public meeting Tuesday
night, at which he will make the principal
speech, have been made.
STARIEL IN CARSHOPS
Fire Causes a Loss of One Hundred
yhounand J>ollars at Brooklyn.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Dec. 27.— A fire
which caused a damage of" nearly $100,000
started shortly before 1 o'clock this after
noon in the repair shops of the Bushwick
division of the Brooklyn Heights Railroad
Company, situated on tha block bounded
by Myrtle, Si. Nicholas, Gates and Wyck
off avenues. The building, a one-story
brick structure, was quickly destroyed, to
gether with thirteen cars. There was a
strong wind blowing. The flames swept
across Myrtle avenue to Welz & Serwick's
brewery, on ths opposite side oi the street,
which was partially destroyed. Thr«e
four-story frame buildings us«>d for stor
age purposes were completely destroyed.
Tiie fire is supposed to have had its ori
gin in a defective electric wire in the car
stables. The loss sustained by the car
stabWs is about $50,000, whi c that of Welz
it Serwick is placed at $40,000. The losses
are said to be well covered ty insuiance.
Trntnps Jh'ire a Circus Train.
WICHITA. Kans., Dec. 27.— Tramp? set
fire to the circus train of Bond Bros, last
night, and five cars containing animals
were completely burned before the fire de
partment could rpach them. One tramp,
named Archie Morrison, was fatally
burned. It is said that the tramps set the
cars on fire because of a grievance against
the circus management.
To Attend the Wedding.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 27.— Vice-Pres
ident Stevenson arrived here last night
from Washington, accompanied by his
wife and daughter. The family came to
attend the wedding to-morrow night of
the Vice-President's niece. Miss Jnlia
Scott, to Carl Vrooman. 'I hey are the
guests of Lieutenant Charles S. Bromwell,
at 4102 Westminster place.
SAD SEQUEL TO
A BANK FAILURE
Otto Wasmansdorff Commits
Suicide at His Home
in Chicago.
Constant Worry and Mental
Anxiety Prcbably Unbal
ances His Mind.
After Romping With a Grandchild
He Retires to His Room and
Shoots Himse f.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 27.— 0tt0 Was
mansdorff of the banking firm of Was
mansdorff & Heinemann, which failed
here last Monday as a result of the col
lapse of the National Bank of Illinois,
committed suicide at his home, 549 Cleve
land avenue, this morning, by shooting
himself in the right temple with a re
volver.
The constant worry and mental anxiety
of tiie past week consequent upon the
failure is believed to be the cause. He had
scarcely slept during thac time, and al
though it is generally believed that the
bank will discharge its obligations in full,
Mr. Wasmansdorff saw that his standing
in financial circles had been imperiled.
The banker was an emotional German,
and his anxiety during the past week was
pitiable. Insomnia resulted from his
troubles, aud it is thought his mind may
have been temporarily deranged. He re
mained in the house all morning, after
passing a sleepless night. Shortly before
11 o'clock he was romping with his little
grandchild in the sitting-room.
Mrs. Wasmansdorff left them there for
a few minntes but when she returned the
child was alone. She inquired for her hus
bsndand the little girl Mid he had gone
upstairs. The baby'was sentjafter him and
discovered his body in a front bedroom ly
ing across the bed. B.ood WBS oozing
from an ugly wound in the right temple
and a revolver was lying near his right
hand. Nobody heard the report of the
weapon. Two doctors were sent for but
all they were called upon to do was to pro
nounce the banker dead.
Otto Wasmansdorff was born in Fiener
ode, near Magdeburg, Prussia, November
9, 1840. He came to America in 1863 and
has been a resident of Chicago ever since.
SMASHED THE B G HORN.
A Gitng of Men Hatter the Great Jnstru-
meat of Torture.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 27.— A special
from FranKlin, Ind., says: The mammoth
McKinley horn which is being carried
from Tuscola, 111., to Washington by the
member* of the McKinley Tinhorn Club
of the former city, was broken to pieces
when it reached the iittle town of Trafal
gar, five miles southwest of here.
The men who were carrying it arrived at
Trafalgar at noon, where they were wel
comed by a nunioer of leading Republi
cans and taken to dinner at the home of a
Republican politician. While enjoying
the meal a gang of men smashed the horn
flat by jumping pn it and had then
doubled it up and masbt-d it again until
it was crushed out of all resemblance to
its former self. It was brought to this
city, where an effort will be made to
patch it up.
Governor of French Indio-China.
PARIS, France, Dec. 27.— Ex-Minister
Doumer has been appointed Governor of
French Indio-China in place of M. Rous
seau, who di ed a short time ago at Hanoi
FIVE CENTS.
AT LAST SHE
IS AT REST
Remains of Kate Field Cre
mated at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
SIMPLE AND IMPRESSIVE
SERVICES.
Prayer and Hymns and Crowds
and Flowers at Trinity
Ciiurch.
BRIEF CEREMONIES AT THE
CREMATORY.
A Bnnch ot White Ross S nt by
Presdent Cleveland Rasted
on the Bier.
Almost hidden by a pall of violets the
casket containing all that was mortal of
Kate Field rested before the sanctuary of
Trinity Church, and some one had placed
among the purple blossoms a bunch of
lilies of the valley, the favorite flower of
the authoress. Beside the snow-white
lilies were a few dry and withered edel
weiss from the snow-clad: Alps of Switzer
land, the tribute of a laborer on the docks,
and among the floral pieces was a bunch
of pure white roses,- sent by ; order of the
President of the United, States— for Miss
Field was known by high and low, and
everywhere she counted friends. .
■Within the chancel was a bower of ever
green, and among the,, fir branches and
the palms were placed the tributes from
others who knew Miss Field and mourned
her death. They came from everywhere —
from those among whom Miss Field had
labored and from those who knew her by
fame; from the lovers of truth, who,* hav
ing seen her ' work, read ana were in
structed, and' from friends which she
made on every, side and in every place,
and who knew that one of the sunbeams
of the I country had in her death been
turned to darkness. ,
- At ; 2 . o'clock the hearse arrived at the
, church, and the organ pealed forth a dirge
as the procession came slowly up the
aisle. ; The ; rector led tne way, repeating
:thttfbp^nifi^*r;oj^s/>filtUe%Epi,sc.opal.s*r-[;: thttfbp^nifi^*r;oj^s/>filtUe%Epi,sc.opal.s*r-[ ;
vices lor the dead, and l the r people; rose
and bowed their heads as the body- bearers
passed with their burden. Following im
mediately after the rector and before the
casket walked the pall-bearers, twelve in
number, representing the City, the mer
chants and the press, and- behind the
casket were Mrs. Highton, her mother and
Miss Ada Van Pelt.
Reaching the chancel the rector turned
and faced the people and waited while the
casket was laid just at the base of an ivy
cros3. ;
Then the choir took up the strains of
tha dirge and chanted the first hymn of
the service, the people still standing in
reverence ana the rector repeating a silent
prayer.
As the throb of the organ died away the
rector advanced to the desk to read the
lesson. "But now is Christ arisen from
the dead and become the first fruits of
them that slept," were the rector's open
ing words as he told of the glories of the
resurrection and the promises of salvation
which it implied. Once more the organ
resounded through the church and an
other hymn was sung. Then going to
the inner sanctuary, among the flowers
and ferns and waving palm leaves and
evergreens, the rector again faced the
people and led them in the Lord's prayer.
Again the procession v formed and once
more the organ spoke in sorrow as the
casket was borne away. This time the
HEW TO-DAT. 1
LJ • • ** * • *•*•
••** • • • •
SEEDS OF HEALTH.
Eating the wrong tilings, and too much
of them at the wrong time, gives the
stomach and the other digestive organs
too much to do—gives them work that
they cannot be expected to do. Such
things prevent the free and regular ac-
tion of the bowels, bring sick headaches,
biliousness, : kidney troubles, restless
sleep, lassitude, ' nervousness, and ' plant
the seeds of disease in all parts of the
body. Health comes just as easy as dis-
ease. It grows up from those little sugar-
coated seeds of health— Dr. _ Pierces
Pleasant Pellets. They are for • nothing
in the world but to keep the bowels reg-
ular, the stomach free from gas and fer-
mentation, and the liver active.
They go about their business without
making ; any fuss. They are very gentle
in their action and cause no griping, or
other unpleasantness. .- -
' They do not take the place of Nature
— they merely , help her. No one . ever
becomes a slave to their use. -When the
digestive action becomes regular and vig-
orous — stop taking the ''Pellets." When
you I have eaten too much — take one.
When constipation shows itself and head-
ache begins — take the Pellets for a
day or two.
..: Dr.; Pierces Pleasant Pellets— it's an
easy name Ito remember. Don't . let a
designing druggist talk you into " some-
thing just as good. 'He makes more
money on ; ;i the " just as good" kind,
i That's why he would rather sell them.
That's why you had better not take them;2
representatives of the Governor and of Ihe |
National Guard and of the Federal Gov
ernment, all ia full uniform, joined tho
line of mourners. The carriages were ;
driven to Odd Fellows' Cemetery and
there in the little chapel of the crematory 1
the people once more gathered round the
bier.
There the last words of the service were
spoken. A handful of earth was thrown
among the flowers as the "dust to dust,
earth to earth and ashes to ashes" was
repeated, and before the cover was drawn
over the bier the rector raised his hand
and pronounced the benediction.
As he did so the sun came from behind
a cloud and set the stained western win
dows aglow. The soft light touched the
casket tenderly and lit up for a moment
the violets and the nodding lilies and the
faded, withered edelweiss. Then the
cover was drawn, the waii of the organ
died away and the people left the place.
In the little square of sunlight on the bier
was laid the bunch of wnite roses from
the President, Dut the failed, withered
edelweiss were allowed to .stay on the
casket and mingle with the ashes of the
dead.
SERVICE AT THE CHURCH.
An Impressive Cere mony—Appro
priate Music Rendered by
the Choir.
Long before the hour of 2 o'clock, set
for tbe commencement of the service at
the church, a large number of people pa
tiently awaited the opening of the doors,
and immediately afterward the church
was crowded. Of those present there was
probably not one attracted by no deeper
sentiment than mere curiosity. The ma
jority, it is safe to assert, were there as
mourners, and the personnel of the spec
tators included many of the most promi
nent and highly respected citizens, both
of San Francisco and of the State. The
occasion was one which forcibly appealed
to every class in the community capable
of admiring genius and regretting its un
timely removal from a sphere of useful ac
tivity.
The fact that the death of Miss Kate
Field is regarded and deplored as a Na
tional loss was eloquently indicated by !
the presence of a floral offering from Presi- :
dent Cleveland, who, through his private
secretary, Henry F. Thurber, wired the
San Francisco Press Club in the following
terme:
The President will be very glad to avail him
self of your kindness to have a floral offering
placed oa the bier of Kate Field for him.
These directions were complied with
after the coffin had been transferred
to the crematory, a tasteful wreath of
white roses being the silent tribute from
the Union's chief executive. Similar of
ferings from Governor Budd on behalf of
the State of California, from Colonel
Shaf ter on behalf of . the officers j
and men at the Presidio, from Mayor
Sutro and Mayor-elect Phelan, represent
ing the City of San Francisco, were also
among the most conspicuous of the pub
lic tokens of sympathy.
But these were but a few of the many
exquisite floral emoicms received from the
friends and admirers of the deceased. The
chancel of the church, which still retained
its ChriEimas garb of foliage, was a mass
of glorious color early in the day, and ad
ditional bouquets and wreaths were re
ceived within a few minutes of the com
mencement of the service.
Promptly at 2 o'clock the officiating
minister, Rev. George E. Walk, entered
the church at tbe head of the funeral
cortege, which had assembled at the un
dertaser's. As the coffin, escorted by
twelve pallbearers, passed slowly up the ]
aisle the solemn strains of Beethoven's
funeral march were heard from the organ,
at which Dr. H. J. Stewart presided.
The choir then sang an appropriate se
lection, after which the officiating minis
ter read the lesson from the First Epistle
of St. Paul to the Corinthians, chapter
xv, beginning with the twentieth verse,
Mr?. Millie Flynn W r ratten gave an ex
quisite rendering of Handel's feeling aria,
"Angels, Ever Bright and Fair," the.
pure soprano tones of the vocalist Deing
admirably adapted to the devotional
nature of the solo; the rector and the
congregation of mourners joined in prayer,
the choir sang "Abide With Me," and the
first portion of the ceremony was con
cluded.
Dr. Stewart played Chopin's funeral
march as the cortege re,formed and con
veyed the coffin to the hearse ou'.sde.
The choir quartet was composed of the
following: Mrs. Olive Reed, contralto;
Mrs. Millie Flynn W r ratten, soprano: H.
If. Fortescue, tenor; Osgood Putnam,
basso.
The pallbearers were, with few excep
tions, members of the profession with
which Miss Kate Field was so honorably
connected durinz her lifetime. They
were: C. M. Coe and W. C. Bunner, rep
resenting the Press Club; P. C. Roberts,
the Post; J. P. Booth, the Report; J. S.
Tyler, the Bulletin; Henry James, the
Examiner; H. S* Scott, the Chronicle,
end W. F. Burke, Tue Call, and W. H.
Mills, James D. Phelan, Henry E. High
ton and A. W. Foster.
AT THE CREMATORY.
The Impressive Rite Concluded.
Miss Field's Ashes to Be
Preserved.
The final and perhaps the most solemn
and impressive portion of these obseouies
took place in the crematory at the Odd
Feilows' Cemetery on Geary street. The
conclusion of the beautiful and touching
Episcopal Church ritual was read by the
Rev. George E. Walk, after which the
casket containing the mortal remains of
the deceased was lowered to the incinera
tion chamber beneath the chapel and
quickly reduced to ashes.
The casket was in the first place raised
in an elevator frota the basement of the
crematory to the chapel above, where it
rested within a polished railing during the
service.
At the close it was noiselessly lowered
with its melancholy burden to" the room
beneath. There the casket was removed
and the body consumed within the retort.
The musical part of the service at the
crematory was provided by the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery quartet, composed of J. L.
Marshall, Mrs. J. H. Sievers, Miss Elsie
Smith and Miss Bertie Smith. Miss Elsie
Smith acted also as organist. J ■■:
The President's bunch of white roses
was placed upon the bier almost at the
last moment. >■-/• ;"
The remainder of the floral. emblems
were symmetrically disposed behind i and
on either side of the bier. ; . *"\ ■-
The mourners assembled in the chapel
to the plaintive strains of Chopin's Fun
eral March, and soon afterward the Rev.
Mr. Walk began to read the latter portion
of the burial service. . "Dust to dust, earth
to earth and ashes to ashes." - ivi
As the speaker uttered the last words of
the ritual, G. R. Fletcher, the . superinten
dent of the crematory, gave a signal, the
cover was drawn over the bier, hiding the
coffin from view. It was then lowered to"
the recption-room beneath. ,. : . ; .•
With the exception of the attendants
four persons only actually witnessed ' the
incineration. They wer<* Bishop New
man, W. H. Mills, A. W. Foster and
James D. Phelan.
At the moment when the body -was
placed in the retort the choir in the chapel
above sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee,"
and the ceremony was over.
It is understood that Mrs. H. E. High
ton will take possession of the urn con
taining the ashes of Miss Field and will
convey them East at an early date. ; Mrs.
Highton herself desires to thank the mem
bers of the San Francisco Press Club and
the Women's Press Association for their
kindly sympathy and effective assistance,
She feels that the newspaper profession
as represented in California has done
everything in its power to show that the
death of Miss Kate Field is regretted by
citizens of the State generally and by lit
erary men and women in particular.
♦
THE FLORAL OFFERINGS.
Magnificent Tributes From Friends
and Admirers of the De
ceased.
It would be almost an impossible
task to describe the floral offerings in de
tail, they were so numerous.
Conspicuous amone such, however, were
two floral urns, one from the staff of the
Chicago Times-Herald and the other
from H. H. Koblaaat, proprietor of that
journal; a floral cross from Mr. and Mrs.
H. E. Hisrhton; also tokens from the sev
eral ban Francisco newspapers, and more
especially a superb cross of violets and
lilies of the valley from Mrs. M. H. de
Young. Mrs. Highton's cross was no less
than eight feet in height, composed of ivy
rising from a bas* of calla lilies, a beauti
ful wreath of La France roses being
thrown over the center. On the card
which accompanied the above appeared
the words: "She being dead, yet speak
eth."
Mr. Koblsaat's floral urn was composed
of smilax and violets, and that from the
staff of the Times-Heraid of white chrys
anthemums, roses, violets and maidenhair
ferns. Tne inscriptions accompanying
these offering were respectively "Semper
Fidelis" and "She represented the best
elements of the press and of the country."
Governor Budd sent a beautiful wreath
of valuable orchids, and from the fcan
Francisco Press Club were received two
pieces — a bouquet of roses and a laurel
wreath. Miss Lillian Whiting of Boston
sent a bunch of roses and the significant
message, "Pax Vobiscum," which was
cremated with Miss Field's remains. Mrs.
Highton, acting on behalf of Mr. Kohl
saat, the personal friend of the deceased
and the executor of her will, has had
charge of all the funeral arrangements.
The winemen of California contributed
an orchid wreath, tbe card accompanying
it bearing the following verse, signed by
C. Bundschu, and dated December ii 7:
Thy spirit, strong lv will and free of thought,
Has championed our cause In fearless atrife!
Eternal re-t supplants toe battle go well fought,
Ana gratitude enshiines ibe memory of thy lifel
The casket itself was covered by a pall
of California violets, a tasteful tribute of
affection offered by Mrs. George Crocker.
One of the most touching and beautiful
offerings came from an unexpected source.
A workingman. Albert Johnson by nyjne,
sent a bunch of edelweiss — a pretty flower
found only at lofty altitudes— to Mrs.
Hiphton, with a letter of explanation,
stuting that he had himself procured these
blossoms from an Alpine summit, and
now contributed them as an emblem of
liberty and purity, qualities which, he
added, were so well represented in the
person of Miss Field, of whom he had al
ways been an admirer.
This heartfelt offering remained on the
coffin to the last, close to that other tribute
from the political head of the nution — an
eloquent commentary upon the true spirit
of democratic institutions.
Mr. Johnson's letter was as follows:
San Feakcisco, Dec. 27, 1896.
Vrs. Henry E. Highton, Palace Hotel: As the
friend ot her who is remembered in the love
of friends, after death, will you please put
these little edelweißs flowers on her coffin to
day? They were nurtured in the everlasting
mantle of snow high up in the Swiss Alps, and
by the breath of liberty. A tribute from a
workman on the dock who admired her writ
ing and character. Very respectfully,
Albert Johnson.
The Women's Press Association was also
a lavish contributor to thedisplay of floral
tributes, and individual friends of the de
ceased sent similar evidences of sympa
thy. The following is a list of those con
tributing in thin manner:
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Highton, floral cross;
M. H. de YounK, vioiet cross; San Francisco
Daily Report, floral urn; Miss Lilian Whiting,
basket of white rose*; Mrs. Sol Smith, laurel
wreuth; Miss Kate Wilcox, laurel wreath;
Mrs. F. Boy d, lilies of the valley ; Press Club,
roses and laurel wreath; H. H. KohUaat, Chi
cago, floral urn; wlnemeu of California, orchid
wreath; staff of Chicago Times-Herald, floral
urn; Evening Post, wreath of violets; San
Francisco Examiner, wreath; Governor Budd,
orchid wreath; Miss Marlon G. Bunner
of Current Literature, violets; the National
Press Club. Cremation Society, Women's Press
Association, Colonel Shatter, Mayor Sutro
and Mayor-eiect James D. Pnelan.
WHO WERE PRESENT.
A Representative Gathering of
Mourners Fills the Church.
Though San Francisco was not the
home of the late Kate Field the fact that
genius recognizes no geographical bound
ary was strongly emphasized yesterday by
the Jarge and representative gathering of
mourners assembled to pay their last re
spects to the memory of one of America's
brightest specimens of womanhood.
The chief mourners at yesterday's obse
quies were Mrs. Houpt, a cousin of the de
ceased, and her son Frank Houpt; Miss
AJa Van Pelt, Miss Ina Coolbrith and
Mrs. Leman, representing the California
Press Association; Mr. and Mrs. H. £.
Hienton. The latter was a close personal
friend of Misa Field, and has in fact had
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
charge of the remains since their arrival
from Honolulu.
The State of California waa represented
by the Governor's staff, consisting of
Brigadier-Genpral Barrett, Colonel Peeler,
Colonel Bergin, Colonel Andrew?, Colonel
Harrington and Colonel J. S. Young— all
of whom were in full uniform.
Major- General James and staff and
Brigadier-General Warfield and staff of
the National Guard of California repre
sented that bocjy, and appeared in fatigue
uniform.
A GLOWING EULOGY.
The Lesson of Kate Field's Life Told
by Mr. Highton.
The great lesson of Kate Field's life and
death is her intense patriotism, which
now, above all other periods, should com
mand universal respect. She was an
American to the core — broad, tolerant,
without fanaticism or bigotry of any kind —
and devoted to human freedom on our
constitutional basis. Like General Grant,
she had traveled widely and had met the
most distinguished thinkers and states
men of Europe; but, like him, she re
turned to her own land even more deeply
imbued than before with the spirit of our
institutions, in their happy combination
of individual sovereignty, State autonomy
and National unity. Trie last aspirations
of her soul, as expressed orally and in the
solemnities of her will, were that her
ashes should mingle with her native soil
and that her individuality should be
respected by the flag.
A writer of unusual power, she never
unsexed herself, but, dealing with impor
tant questions for fully a quarter of a cen
tury, she discussed them as an American
woman, intellectual, cultivated, refined
and, under every condition, true to Na
tional ideals. Site was familiar with the
best literature of the world and conveyed
the loftiest thoughts and the purest senti
ments of the ages in language so clear and
so telling that many of ncr phrases have
become part of that popular education of
which she was so enthusiastic a cham
pion.
Women of her type and character
trained and armed the heroes of our revo
lutionary war. In the darKest years of
the Republic such women consecrated
their children to their American concep
tions of freedom and of independence;
and though toward the closing years of a
century patriotic education has dwindled
in its extent and earnestness, that type of
American woman is not extinct, but, in
any National emergency that may arise,
will be revived and reinvigorated by the
example and by the life of Kate Field.
To this State her services were at once
valuable and unique. She spread the
story of our achievements and of our re
sources all over the Union. With a prac
tical sagacity that shamed many of our
citizens she anticipated and preuicted the
minhty future of the Pacific. She boldly
repudiated all narrow or transcendental
views, which thwarted our progress and
injured our local industries, and she bore
her testimony to our capacity for indus
trial, moral and intellectual development
by pervading the most definite facts with
the blended power of philosophy and of
patriotism.
It is fitting, therefore, that the obsequies
of this noble and gifted woman should
have been marked by National recogni
tion and peculiarly appropriate that they
should have been celebrated la the State
of California, to which much of her best
work during her later years was conse
crated. When the unanimity and fervor
with which the last honors to her memory
have been paid is correctly realized it
will prove that not only here but through
out the Union, not only throughout the
Union but throughout the world she,
"being dead, yet speaketh."
Jle.nry E. Highton.
CUBANS HOLD COUNCIL
Local Leaders Decide to Remain
Passive Until Palma
Speaks.
New Recruits Are Criticized by Local
Spanish Papers and Loyal
Leaders.
A number of young men interested in
the movement headed by Messrs. Jones
ana Mascherini for the liberation of Cuba
met at headquarters, 2006 Mason street,
at 2 p. M. yesterday, for the purpose of
considering plans to hasten their move
ment.
Many of those assembled bad an idea
that arrangements would soon be perfected
to move against the Spaniards, but a little
talk dispelled that idea. It was concluded
to do absolutely nothing until word is re '
ceived from Estreda Palma, leader of the
Junta in New York.
"We wrote ten days ago," Mr. Mascherin
said, "and if we do not hear by Tuesday
we shall telegraph to ascertain whether
our message reached him."
The Durpo.se of the leaders of the new
movement is to discourage any great pub
licity or agitation of the movement until
they receive detinue instructions from
Palnia. Their efforts are now directed to
holding the enthusiasts in abeyance until
word can be received concerning the
definite service that might be rendered by
American volunteers.
A strange feature about the movement,
even in its present uncryntallized state, is
the willingness men evince to surrender
their vocations and go forth to fight for
Cubn.
There was much rejoicing at head
quarters over late news that the Spanish
Government is in financial distress, those
present taking as much pride in the news
as if they were actually insurgents in the
field.
A feature that is making the new move
ment interesting is the fact that the
leaders have already been bitterly de
nounced by local Spanish newspaper's and
by those loyal to their home Government.
If the friends of the Junta continue to
grow in strength as they have done lately,
and if, furthermore, they express them
selves on the streets, as they have lately
done, there 13 likely to be a bitter feud
between them and the more hot-blooded
Spaniaids, who are already becoming
ri-.-iive under the criticisms of those am
bitious to join the rebel forces.
A clergyman at Cradock, Cape Colony,
advertises in the local paper that he is
prepared to undertake the tuning of piano
fortes and to give pianoforte lessons.
ARISTOCRATS WHO
RULE THE ROOST
Very Few "junkers" Se
cure Commissions in
the Army.
Poor Germans Have No Chance
Against the "Divinely"
Caste.
This Grasp Also Extends Into tbe
Lower Regions of Wil iam's
Adm nistration
[Copyright, 1896, by the United Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Germany, Dec. 27.— The pre
tensions of the German aristocrat, espe
cially the army officer, recruited as he
always is from the junker families, to be
treated as of a divinely constituted caste,
are undergoing the severest exposure and
criticism from the progressist and inde
pendent press. The question is being dis
cussed whether the army is national,
except in the sense that the peopie con
tribute the rank and file, pay the money
to support it and allow the aristocrats to
monopolize every post above that of non-
commissioned officer. The notion that a
career of advancement is open to any man
of ability applies least of all to the Prus
sian regiments. Progressist papers, analyz
ing the condition of the army, show that
in forty-six Prussian regiments there is
only one officer not drawn from the nobil
ity; that in the cavalry, with 173 officers,
only one can be regarded as taken from
the bourgeois, and that in the artillery
there is also a single isolated and probably
most uncomfortably situated officer who
does not belong to what is called a "noble
family." This grasp of caste upon office
extends beyond the army into the lower
regions of administration, where it might
be supposed the junker would not seek
employment.
Since the Tausch process opened to the
public view some of the secrets of the se
cret police service it has been ascertained
that the greater number of the political
police officers are, like Tausch and Luet
zow, scions of aristocratic families. The
same preference extends throughout all
branches of the administration. The
dead-beat aristocrat, the ruined spend
thrift and other wreckage of the upper
classes found refuge in some Government
post.
The Kaiser Wilhelm I centennary fetes
begin on March 22. which day will officially
be declared and everywhere observed as a
national holiday. The Berlin celebration
programme opens at 10 o'clock in the
morning with services for the Protestants
in the Reichstag and Landtag in the
cathedral and for tiie Catholic Reichstag
ers in Hedwig Church. The impenal
family will attend special service in the
royal court chapel.. At 11:30 o'clock a
grand military function is to be held near
the schloss in front of the national monu
ment. Combined battalions, squadrons
and butteries of all guards, regiments and
of the body iegiment of William I will
form a square and line from the cattle
through the Lustgarten to and around
the monument. A salvo of 101 guns wiil
be fired and the bells of all the Berlin
churches will be rung.
Ti.e veterans of 1866 and 1870 forming in
the Thiergarten wiil head a procession
wherein will be represented academic stu
dents in Historic costumes and trades and
guilds also in historic array. The proces
sion marches through the Brandenburg
gate and Unter Der Linden to the monu
ment, where they will salute the Kaiser,
Kaiserin and princes, who will be there to
receive them. At 4 o'clock in the after
noon a banquet is to be held in the castle,
to which representatives of ail classes,
Reichstag members, excepting socialists,
nobles and trading citizens are being in
vited.
"Commers" will be general throughout
Berlin and other centers. At 8 p. m. gala
penorniances of the historic play "181:4"
wiil be given at the Royal Opera-house,
the Royal Play-house and Kroli's Theater.
To ah three hou cm the Kaiser invites the
soldiers of the Berlin garrison and the of
ficers will feast them. The Kaiser will
deliver a political pronunciamento at tue
castle banquet.
The coming general elections for the
Austrian Keichsrath are the most seriously
interesting to all parties in Germany. The
dissolution appear* likely to take place
without the Prime Minister, Count Badeni
having decided upon issuing a programme
upon which the elections can be contested.
He is practically sitting on the fence and
watching whether clericals, anti-Semites
or German Liberals may gam strength
enough to be worth cultivating as Minis
terial supporters. Pledged when he en
tered office to oppose the anti-Semites and
to give at least a liberal tendency to the
ministerial policy, Count Badeni now
uwaits upon the result of the elections,
and frankly causes it to be known that the
Government will build its programme on
the character of the new Reichsrath. tie
will shape his policy according to the ma
jority, and as every informed forecast
shows the coming Reichsrath to be cleri
cal and anti-Semite, the next Badeni pol
icy must be reactionary. The new pro
gressist German puny, whose platform
can be summarized in a few words as Ger
man solitarity, liberal, economic and so
cial reforms, is conducting an active
propaganda, which bids fair to create a
political group so formidable as to make
it an important factor in the new House.
Der Confektionaer asserts that 300 Ger
man factories have resumed work since
McKinley was elected President of the
United States, and that about 300 factories
have increased their hands. Tue factories
resuming include 28 woolen-goods mills,
15 cotton-goods wonts, 23 gentlemen's out
fitting works and 18 carpet factories. All
of these have been closed for several
years.
The social functions for the winter sea
son have to a certain extent commenced,
although they are not yet as lively as they
will be after the Emperor's birthday,
which occurs on January 27. The impe
rial family and the court ai-e fatly aware
of the prevailing hard times among trades
men and the general distressamong the
poorer classes, and it is now evident that
it is their intention to give impetus to
trade by holding a rapid succession of
brilliant fete*. The series of official and
dipioma'ic dinners began on Monday last
with a banquet given by the Austrian
Embassador, M. de Szogyeny-Marich, in
honor of the new French Embassador, the
Marquis de Noaille?, and on Tuesday Sir
Frank Lascelles, the British Embassador,
gave a grand dinner to Prince Max of
Baden ISa.len, Prince and Princess Ari
bert of Anhalt, Prince and Princess Vic
toria of Schleswig-Hoistein and several
foreign Embassadurs and Ministers.
On Thursday the Italian EmDassador,
Count Lanza di Busca, save a dinner in
honor of the Marquis ac Noailles, at
which a large and brilliant company of
guests was preseut. The city is fast tilling
up with notabilities from all parts of the
empire. The last few days before Christ
mas brought a largo number of aristo
cratic families, among them Prince Salm-
Reifferscheit-Dycfc, Prince and Princess
Bentheim Tecklenburg, Prince and
Princess Frederick of Wied, Count yon
Furstenberg-Stammheim, the Emperor's
chief cup-bearar; Count yon Pucsler,
Count yon Assenbergh-Faulkenstein, the
Prince of Carolath Beuthen, the Prince of
Schonaich-Carolath, Count yon Lehndorn,
Prince Max Egon of Furstenberg, who is
now the head of the house of the Fursten
bergs; Prince George Radziwill and the
Count of Lippe-Biesterleld, who is the
claimant to the principality of Lippe. In
addition to these arrivals other society
leaders, including the Princess Bichette
Radziwill, the Hohenhaus, the Donbaus
and the Assenburgs, of whose circle the
Emperor ia an habitue, is expected.
Since the scandal which resulted in the
dual between Court Chamberlain Liebe
recht yon Kotze and Baron yon Schrader,
the court master of ceremonies, in which
the latter was killed, the Emperor's par
ticular circle has been broken up, but it
now promises to be brought together
again, which guarantees a brilliant season.
Prince Bismarck gathered around him
at Friedrichsruhe on Christmas day his
entire family, consisting of his son, Count
Herbert Bismarck, his wife and c ild of
the son, Count William Bismarck, his
wife and children, his daughter, the
Countess yon Rantzfcu, and her husband,
Count yon Rantzau, and his confidential
friend, Dr. Schweininger, who arrived at
Friedrichsruhe on Tuesday. The ex-
Chancellor is in excellent health consid
ering his advanced age, and takea part in
tbe work around his home daily.
Empress Frederick, who is now visiting
her son, Prince Henry of Prussia, and his
wile. Princess Irene, at Kilel, will arrive
in Berlin on New Year's eve and remain
six weeks. Her Majesty has promised to
attend the principal court feies during
the season and will entertain, lavishly.
Among her guests in Berlin will be Prince
and Princess Henry of Prussia, the Prince
and Princess of Schaumturg-Lippe, the
Prince and Princess of Saxe-Meiningen
and Prince and Princess Frederick Charles
of Hesse-Cassel, Tnrougnout the pres
ent season the court of Empress Frederick
will be the scene of the most brilliant re
ceptions that have been held there since
the death of her husband, Emperor Fred
erick 111, on June 15, 1888.
The strike of the Hamburg dock labor
ers is likely to assume an entire new
phase. The non-union laborers who have
taken the places of the strikers are them
selves threatening to strike unless they
are paid seven marks a day for day worK
and fourteen marks for night work. They
have already made demands upon their
employers for the payment of these rates
and have been informed that they may
expect the same resistance to their exac
tions that was given to the old hands. A
meeting of the strikers was held on Satur
day which was addressed by a number of
speakers who advised the men to continue
to hold one against the employers. In the
meantime agents of the employers have
sounded the local agents of the strikers in
regard to arranging terms of settlement of
the dispute upon which the strike wa*
made.
Reliable advices from Constantinople
say that the agreement of the powers for
the enforcement of reforms in Turkey is
complete with the exception of the mat
ters of the methods to do pursued and the
time of putting tbe measures of the co
ercion agreed upon into operation.
Prince Hohenlohe, the Imperial Chan
cellor, will celebrate his golden wedding
on February 26.
The accouchement of the Czarina (for
merly Princess Alix of Hesse) is expected
to take place about tbe end of February.
It has been arranged to have the event
occur at Tsarkoe-Selo.
John Gregory Smith of Vermont is
among the Americans visiting Berlin.
Miss Leonora Jackson, the American
violinist, recently performed at a concert
in Kroll's Theatc-r, and was especially
honored by the presence of the Empress.
Interfiled in the Tartff.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 27.-Tlie
hotels are rapidly fallint; up with repre
sentatives of the various manufacturing
interests who are here to appear before
the Ways and Means Commiti.ee to advo
cate increased duties on their respective
manufactures. The wine men will be
heard t>morrow. Thus far none of the
wine men have -arrived from California,
and unless they put in an appearance by
to-morrow Representative Barham will go
before the committee in their behalf. Mr.
Jacoby's memorial has been received, aud
will be presented by Loud.
Mr John Brown Dead,
LONDON, Esq., Dec. 27.— Sir John
Brown, one of the first in Great Britain to
advocate the plating of warships with
armor, died at Brighton yesterday. He
was Mayor of Sheffield from 1862 to 18H3,
and master cutler there from 1865 to 1866.
He was formerly proprietor of the Atlas
ateel and iron works at Sheffield.
Denied at tttoc.k/ioltn.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Dec. 27.— A
semi-official denial is given to the report
from Paris that M. Alfred Nobel, the
Swedish engineer and chemist, who died
at San Remo, Italy, a short time ago, had
left hi- fortune of $10,000,000 to the Stock
holm University.
Execution on a Judgment.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Dec. 27.-Exe
cution was issued yesterday on a judg
ment note for $40,241 against Samuel Lee's
Sons, dealers in dry goods. The firm
made an assignment for the benefit of its
creditors. The liabilities ara placed at
$100,000. The amount oi the assets is not
stated.
QUICK SAWMILL WORK.
What Machinery Wai Able to Do in
Siloing; Up Lumber In Chicago.
Two splendid sawmill exhibits were
made at the Chicago Fair in 1893 by the
Steams Manufacturing Company and t..e
E. P. Allis Company. They consisted in
each case of a band mill and a complete
set of finishing and conveying machinery,
and were in operation for short periods
every day during the fair, affording thus,
admirable demonstrations of what can be
accomplished in this Hue in point of work
ing speed. The sawing exhibition was al
ways witnessed by a greatly interested
crowd. The rate of sawing the dock
boards, usually 12 inches wide and 16 feet
long, was from twelve to fourteen boards
per minute, once it is claimed by the
Allis men reaching fifteen boards. This is
a speed hitherto una mined with the band
saw, sixteen boards per minute being the
highest record with the circular saw. The
running speeds of the Allis eight-foot
band mill and the Steams mill were about
the same, beine 400 revolution per min
ute, making the speed of the saw 10,000
feet per minute — the usual speed for white
pine. The log carriage, which would
weigh, with the log, about two and a
half tons, was propelled in each direction
by a steam cylinder of 9 inches bore and
28 feet long. Fourteen boards per minute
gives 4.8 seconds to the sawing of each
board, the actual sawing >ime for each
board being about 2.3 seconds This leaves
two seconds for gigging, reversing and
setting over the log lor the uext board,
thus making the sawing speed about 260
leet ppr minute, and the gigging speed
about 500 feet per minute. Th.s is more
like the action of a vegetable cutter slicing
up turnips to feed stock ;han the old way
of sawing boards. The marvel was to see
the man remain on the saw carriage while
it was shot to and fro. He did his work at
the proper time, kept hi 3 place as if he
were part of the machine; a fly on the
wall was not more at home than he.
Big Funeral Gathering:.
At Moonlight, Dickinson County, Kans.,
seventy-two relatives attended the funeral
of aged Mrs. Katherine Bert and spent
most of the day in the ceremonies, paus
ing at noon to partake of a feast and lin
gering at ihe grave after the lowering of
the coffin to witness the filling in.—Chi
cago Chronicle.
On an average five persons are killed
daily in the coal mines of England.
JAPAN'S WEALTH
IS INCREASING
This is Shown by the Late
Returns of Inccme-
Tax Payments.
Tactics of Rival Contracting
Firms Cause an Ugly Fight
on the Tama.
During the P.st Month-There Were
Five Thousand Cases of Smallpox
ia the Kingdom.
TOKIO, Japan, Dec. 13.— That Japan's
wealth is increasing is proved by the
latest returns of income-tax payments.
The tax collected this year has been about
a quarter of a million yen more than that
collected last year, which means an in
crease of taxpaying incomes to the extent
of about 20,000,000 yen. In 1890, when the
tax began to be levied, the total of the tax
able incomes was 81,000,000 yen. It is
now 100,000,000. -*
Rivalry among the employes of two
firnl* of Japanese contractors led to an
ugly fight on the sth of December, near
the mouth of the river Tama, which runs
into the sea about midway between Tokio
and Yokohama. O.ie of the firms having
obtained a contract to supply a quantity
of stone for the construction of a, coast
defense fort the employes of the other
conceived the idea of hiring all the boats
available for carrying the stone, so that
their competitors might not be able to
fulfill the contract. The second firm
dispatched a party of stalwarts to recover
the boats, and a three hours' fight ensued.
Forty men were wounded, thirty of them
being police constables.
Another of the school disturbances so
common of late years in Japan has oc
curred at the Nagoya High School. The
students objecting to the severe methods
of a new director, struck work, and when,
instead of obtaining redress for their sup
posed grievance, their ringleaders were
expelled, the whole body — 700 in all —
broke out into open rebellion against the
director and the principal schoolteachers,
so that t'jese latter had to obtain police
protection. An unusual feature is that
the youths are backed by their sureties,
who complain that the expulsions were
made without reference to them, and the
consequence is that Nagoya is in a state of
considerable ferment.
The citizens of Tokio seem to he at
teng'n waking up to tue necessity of vig
orous action for the purposes of it arbor
improvement. Since 1880 the subject has
been on the tapis in a desultory kind of
way ; but the difficulty of evolving a good
plan and the heavy expense of currying it
out has hitherto proved deterrent. Ships
cannot get within three miles of the city
at present, and all goods destined for it
have to be carried in lighters or junks. It
is now thought that, in view of the growth
of the city, the value ot tne land reclaixned
in constructing a good harbor would cover
the outlay.
Smallpox prevails in several parts of
Japan at present. Between January and
(September the total number of cases
throughout the country was 3880, but bj
the end of November it had increased to
over 6000. In Tokio seventeen or eighteen
frosh cases are reported daily.
The district of Chungsan in Korea is in
tho anomalous condition of having two
magistrates, neither of whom Knows
whether he is the right man. Both are
named Pak Hangyang; both were in ex
pectation of an official appointment when
the Official Gazette announced that "Pak
Hangyang" had been nominated Magis
trate ot Chungsan, and both hurried off to
assume tne duties of the post without tak
ing care to establish their identity.
The exact facts about the plot said to
have been recently discovered in Korea
for murdering the pro-Kussian Cabinet
Ministers and carrying off ihe King from
the Russian legation to his own palace
have not yet been made public. As time
goes by the general impression gains
ground, namely, that the p ot was de
vised by pro-Russian Koreans in order to
prevent the Kind's removal from ihe lega
tion. It is not pretended that the Rus
sians themselves were implicated in the
matter; they are beginning to wish that
the King's residence in their legation
should be brought to the speediest pos
sible termination. The prime movers
were probably Korean politicians who be
lieve that their tenure of power depends
upon the King's remaining where he is.
There are only fifty-two Europeans and
Americans residing in Chemulpo, namely,
thirty-eight men and fourteen women.
But the Japanese residents number 4053,
namely, 3458 men and 1595 women.
Appearances, said not to be deceptive, of
a growing thirst for the acquisition of for
eign languages and sciences are noted in
various parts of China. Men that can
give instructions in these lines are de
cidedly in request at salaries sufficiently
tempting to a native of China. There are
no signs as yet of a disposition to employ
foreigners as teachers in the interior, nor
is it at all likely that anything of the kind
will be seen for many a day to come,
largely as was the practice rasorted to in
the neighboring empire of Japan. Still
peopie speak of the things that are takine
place as a most hopeful indication of
China's awakening. But if the masses of
China are roused by intellectual contact
with Western knowledge the hrst desire
prompted by their new acquisition will be
to overthrow the present dynasty.
To effect that an immense number of
props must be knocked away. Every offi
cial is a buttress of the present system, for
under it he thrives and grows financially
fat. It is all very well to rail at Chinese
corruption, at the extortion practiced by
local officials, and at the invertebrnte
character of the central Government But
the fact is that the administrative organ
ization existing in China is one of the
most cleverly devised mechanisms ever
known in history. I's very abuses serve
to prolong its life. Every individual con
nected with it tirtds his account in main
taining it.
=====-—- I
Cold
Is dangerous. We require heat. We
need pure, warm, nouiishir.g blood to
keep us warm and guard against sickness.
Good blood is given by
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln|fact The One True Blood Purifier.
HnnH'C Pillc are the only pill 3 to take
nUUU 0 rillO with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
XEVP TO-DAY 2
MDNYON'Sr
WONDERFUL SUCCESS!
HUNDREDS DECLARE THEY HAVE
DEtli CURED
By His Improved Homeopathic
Remedies Where the Highest
Medical Skill Has Failed.
DOCTOR YOURSELF
If Yon Are Ailing in Any Way, U Matter
What the Disease Is or How Many Doc-
tors Have Failed to Cure You, Ask Your
Ilruitjiist for Munyon's Guide to Health,
Purchase His Remedies ami Cure Your-
self.
MR. ALPHONSE HIRSCH, SUPER-
visor Fourth Ward, San Francisco,
says: "I l.aye suffered for many years
from catarrh in the head, and have nad re-
conrse to all sorts of inhalers, snuffs and
internal remedies. Tbe disease caused
me a great deal of annoyance and discom-
fort. After reading of your rheumatic
cure I decided to use some of the catarrh
remedy. After taking the contents of one
small bottle I commenced to feel its txood, ,
effects, and am now assured tnat I ami
cured."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldonf
fails to re^eve in from one to three hours,
and cures in a few days. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price, 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats; allayß soreness, aud speed-
ily heals the lungs. Price, 26c
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groin and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the symp-
toms of nervous exhaustion, such as de-
pressed spirits, failure of memory, restless
and sleepless nights, pains in the head and
dizziness. It stimulates and strengthens
the nerves and is a wonderful tonic.
Price, 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache In three minutes. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price, 25c.
Mupyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
biliousness, jaundice, constipation and all
liver diseases- Price, 25c.
Munyon's Female Pcemedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon'a Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in rive days. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure — price 25c — eradicates
the disease from the system, and the Ca-
tarrh Tablets — price 25c— cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Vitalizcr. Price, $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists',
mostly 25 cents a vial.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
able little medical publication that snould
be in every home.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, PhiladelDhia, Pa., answered
*ith free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THK PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Blany un-
scrupulous drug cutters, who, h»ving 1
forced the selling price of JII'XYOXVS )
KK.HEDIiS to cost, and, therefore, not
desiring to sell tbein, will tell you that
these remedie* are not good, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being better. Such men are
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting I.UXYON'S.
<v tf.*S FA, L
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A physician whose reputation Is
established by ten years of suc-
cessful practice at 737 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
NERVOUS DEBILITY, SSS
self-abuse, night emissions, unnatural losses
or overwork of the body or brain. It is the
curse of humanity, the unpardonable sin. It
blights all the pleasures of youth. It .lea.iern
the spirits and weakens the brain. Its train of
ills and evils tears down tho strongest constitu-
tion and completely wrecks the mental and
physical man. Thousands of young and middle-
aited men through th is scourge of humanity
have found homes In Insane asylum* or filled
suicide's graves. It unfits the sufferer for -
study, business or the social or married rela-
tions of life. It causes tired feelings, dizzi-
ness, despondency, fear of impending dauger,
bastifu! ness, pimples, Jpss of memory and a
wandering mind. Among the married it cre-
ates discontent, disappointment, dissatisfac-
tion and trouble. It has broken up more
homes, caused more ' desertions and separ-
ations than all other evils combined. If you
are * sufferer from ti.is monster of all diseases
you should consult Doctor Sweany. He can
positively and permanently restore your wasted ,
and 'weakened 'powers, your health and your
manhood.
VARICOGELE. Hydrocele and all blad-
VAKICOuCLt, der difficulties treated
with unfailing success.
D 1 IDT II DC New method, sure cure, paln-
nUr I lint, less treatment, no knife no
truss, no detention from work, no experiment.
A positive, certain and permanent cure. :
PRIVATE DISEASES. Ser h a
stricturd cured. Syphilis, the leprosy of tad
age, positively and forever cured.
LADIES will receive special and careful
treatment for all their many ailments. r v
WRITE, if away from tho ; citr. Book,
■Guide to Health," a treatise on all organs
and their diseases, free on application.
Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.
737 Market Street, Sail Francisco. Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLKS H. PIIII,LJI'>. .ATTORNEY- A*
! \J Law and Notary Public^ 688 Market s:., opno.
1 ■It* Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Hesidenca km .;
j Fail IUMk T«lwbM» , - tin* " 2691,MAJOR McKINLEY
AND HIS ADDRESS
Soon to Commence Writing
• the Spsech for the
Inaugural.
After That He Will Consider
ths Proper Organization of
the Administration.
Names of the Statesmen Who Will
Most Likely Be Asked to
Accept Portfolios.
CANTON, Ohio. Dec. 27.— Within a week
the President-elect will probably com
mence work on his inaugural address and
it will not take him many days to finish
it, for he has well fixed in his own mind
the lines of thought he wishes to develop
and the suggestions fie wishes to make.
After iiajor McKinley has finished his |
address he wiii devote all of his time to ttie !
work of organizing his administration and
lie may go South for a few weeks in order
to enjoy a short period of rest and compar
ative solitude belore setting out for Wash-
AMa|or McKinley has, according to the
reiief of those who have watched the mat
ter closely, invited no one sava Mr. Hanna
to become a member of his Cabinet. It is
understood, however, that Mr. Dingley of
Maine will probabiy be made Secretary of
the Treasury. Owing to the uncommon
importance of our foreign relations at this
time a great deal of interest centers about
the position of Secretary of State, and
there is much speculation here about the
choice Major McKinley will make for this
place. The conviction grows that a United
States Senator who has had long experi
ence in public life, and who is held in
high esteem by his colleagues, is desired
for this post by Major McKinley.
Mr. Dinjjley, who is very popular in the
House and who has great influence there,
wiii, as a Cabinet ofneer, be able to bring
much important support to the adminis
tration. If a Senator of equal influence
were to enter the Cabinet the administra
tion would be equally strong with the
upper branch of Congress. Senator Sher
man or Senator Allison would meet this
requirement, and the indications to-night
are that one or the other of them wiii be
asked within ten days if he can accept the
portfolio of State if it is offered him. It is
not the practice of a President-elect to
make a direct tender of a Cabinet position.
One of Senator S.prman's friends, who has
his confidence, said to-day taat it was the
wish of the senior Senator ot Ouio to con
tinue his career in the Senate of the United
States. It is Sherman's intention at pres
ent to be a candidate for re-election to the
Senate next year, but, as his friends say,
there may be a good deal of pressure
brought to bear to induce him to become
Secretary of State, if the position shall be ]
offered him.
There is too grave doubt about the course
which Mr. Allison would pursue if he is
in%'ited to become a member of the Cabi
j.et, though his friends are pretty gener
jj lly of the opinion that he could close his
Career more brilliantly as a successful
Secretary of State than as a Senator from
lowa.
The Pacific Slope will be recognized in
the formation of the Cabinet, and the
choice is likely to fall on a California man
if the Republicans of that State can unite
on some one. The California member of
the Cabinet will be Judse Joseph Mc-
Kenna, Jud^e J. J. de Haven or Judge
James Waymire. The two former have
ha>t Congressional experience, and Judge
McKer.na was appointed to the United
States bench by President Harrison.
Major McKinley personally knows all
of these men. It is the wish of the Cali
fornia and other Republicans from the
Far West that the Secretaryship of the
Interior be given to one of their number.
Ex-Governor Merriam of Minnesota,
General Aizer of Michigan, Henry C.
Payne of Wisconsin are all strong Cab
inet possibilities, but geographical con
siderations, if not Ling else, make it im
possible that they should be selected. It
is obvious that if Senator Sherman should
be Sacretary of Sute General Alger would
not be in the Cabinet, nor is it likely that
Mr. Merriam and Mr. Payne will be se
lected, particularly if Illinois should have
a member in the person of Charles G.
Dawes.
Cornelius N. Bliss of New York is rea
sonably certain oi a Cabinet position, un
less Andrew D. White should happen to
be chosen for Secretary of State, which
does not teem provable at present.
The chances are that Major McKir.ley's
Cabinet will contain as many as seven of
the names mentioned in this dispatch.
Notwitnstanding tbe fact t:iat the Cabi
net Las not yet been selected, candidates
for less important places are sending in
their applications in large numbers by
mail or presenting them ia person. Sev
eral thousand applications for oliice have
been received by Major McKinley 's secre
taries, and 98 per cent of them will be re
ferred in due time to the heads of the vari
ous departments or to tiie proper Con
ercs^man. There is nothing to be gained
by rushing to Canton with application for
office. The appointments will not be
made on the "first come first served"
plan. r
Major McKinley spent Sunflay pleas.
antiy. He went to churcn in the mornine
and in the evening his nieces and some of
his intimate friends called. The only out
of-town v sitor was Senator Mitchell of
Oregon. He is much impressed with the
desirability of having a Pacific Slope man
in the Cabinet.
TO RETIRE FROM BUSINESS.
The Atlas National Bank of Chicago Will
Pay All Depositors and Wind
Up Affairs.
CHICAGO. &**. Dec. 27 —The Atlas
National Bank of Chicago has decided to
retire from business, and the clearing
house committee at a special meeting to
night decided that the associate! banks of
the city would advance the amount
needed to pay fts depositors in full. The
amount required is in the neighborhood
f\i $000,000.
The meeting was held at the borne of
Isaac G. Lombard, a member of the com
mittee, about 11 o'clock to-night. The ac
tion of the committee is expressed in the
following:
The Atlas National Bank having decided to
retire from business the Clearine-house com
mittee has made an examiniition of its c flans,
and on its report the associated banKs of the
city have decided to advauce the amount
needed to pay its depositors iv lull, aa bliowq
by its books, December 2tf, 1896, without wait
ing to convert it? assets into cash. The amount
required to be advanced will not exceed $t>oo,
-000. The bunk will not receive any deposits
irom dale. Cnecks on it will be settled through
the Clearing-house as usual. ■
Isaac G. Lombard, Lyman J. Gage. Orson
Smiih. C. J. Blair, £. G.'Keuh, Clearing-Douse
committee.
The officers of the Atlas National are:
President, W. C. D. Grannis; vice-presi
dent, C. B. Farweli; cashier, S. W, Stone;
assistant cashier, W. S. Tillot'on. The
b:mk was oreanized in 1537, many of its
incorporators being officers of the L nion
National Bank. Its capital stock is $700,
-000. Mr. Grannis has been president from
the start.
It is given out to-night that during the
past lew years newer nnd more pushing
institutions have been taking business
away from the Atlas, and that as a result
of these defections over $2,500,003 in de
posits have been withdrawn from the
bank, most of it durine the past six
months. Mr. Grannis is an old man, and
! he decided some time aeo to go out of
business. The bank is believed to be per
fectly solvent, as the action of the clear
ing-house committee ind;cates.
SIX LOST THEIR LIVES.
But One Man Remains Imprisoned in the
Haute mine, and Heroic Attempts
Are Made to Rescue Him.
PRINCETON, Ind., Dec. 27.— The num
ber of dead as a result of yesterday's ex
plosion at the Maule mine is now defi
nitely ascertained to be six. One man,
Robert Poneylight, is still underground,
and all hope oi his being rescued alive
has been given up. The nam«>s of the
dead are: Robert Mauls, aged 29, treas
urer and general superintendent of the
Mau'.e Coal Company; John Holmes, age
53, married, three children; Theodore
Faber, age 33, married, one child ; John
Ernst, age '26, married, two chiidren;
James Rial, age 21, married; Car; Poney
light, age 24. single, residence Belleville.
111. All of their bodies have been recov
ered.
Eight others were injured. Their names
are as follows: James Turner, David
Nolan, Arthur Colegate, Jame3 Cruce,
Wlliiam Grills, Frank Thurber, Thomas
Pierce, William Booker.
State Mine Inspector Robert Fisher of
Brazil and Assistant Inspector Epperson,
together with three deep-vein miners
from Linton and Shelburn, arrived in the
city this morning. The mining inspector
has taken charge of the mine, and will
make a thorough investigation.
Several attempts were made to-day to
get the body of Robert Poneylight, but
the gas was too strong for the rescuers,
and the work was given up. Another at
tempt will be made to-morrow morning.
IT IS WAR TO A FINISH.
In Order to Down ihe Arbuckles the
Sugar Trust Will Invade Chicago
Territory.
CHICAGO. 111., Dec. 27.— A morning
; paper says: The war between the sugar
! trust and the Arbuckles has invaded Ci.i
capo territory. The trust, it is said, has
! approached the officers of one of the large
j coffee-roasiing plants of the West with a
proposition for tho purchase of the same
and the war between the two big concerns
appears destined to spread indefinitely.
The first intimation received in Chicago
outside of the immediate parties to the ne
gotiations for a Chicago plant came yester
-1 day in a circular issued by a New York
j sugar house, which is considered of the
highest authority in sugar circles and
•vhich stands close to the trust. Coming j
from such a source the statement is con- j
sidered reliable and as undoubtedly ema
nating from within trust circles. The
: statement was as follows:
There is very considerable talk about the
Ameiican Sugar Refinery having bought the
controlling interest in the sVooUon Spice!
Corupany of Toledo, the second coffee-roasting j
plant in the United States, and there ate i
rumors of negotiations lor the purchase ot ttie
plant of \Y. F. MtrLaughiin oi Chicago, the
third largest in the United States. These pur
chases, if nirtde, are no doubt caused by the
action oi .A rbuckle Bros., who are reported 'o
be pushing forward plans aud contracts for
the erection of a 2000 barrel capacity sugar
refinery in Brooklyn.
The statement was shown W. F. Me-
LaU|ghlin yesterday. He would not deny
that such negotiations had been broached
| by the sugar-trust people, but stated that
he was not in a pjpnion to talk about it.
He said, howeverTthat his plant was not
for sale, aa he considered that he could
make as much money out of it as auy one
could. He concluded the interview' with
! the si -nificant statement that of course
figures altered cases, and that while his
plant was not for sale he could imagine
circumstances under which some color
nii-'ht be lent to sucti a statement as ap
peared in the circular of tne New York
sugar autho rity.
"Jerry" Green Surrender*.
LANCASTER, Pa., Dec. 27.— "Jerry"
Green, who shot and killed his half
brother, Abe Green, en the Welsh Moun
tain on Christmas night, surrendered him
self late last night and was lodged in jail
here to-day. He claims that Abe threat
ened to kill him and that he shot in self
defense. Both men, who were negroes,
were very desperate characters and
chronic law-breakers. *
Fauihf Out in I , ud.nl 1-athlon.
MOUNT VERNON, Ky., Dec 27.— 1n a
general light six mile» north of this piace
yesterday afternoon two men were killed
and another fatally shot. The dead are
Armp Rowiand and Jack Rigsby; the
wounded man is Greeiey Lear. The fi™ht
began at a Christmas merry masing, an i
was fought on the highway in true Ken
tucky feudal fashion between opposing
factions.
Tough* Jt-'ttle With Officers.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 27.— A raid was
made by policemen to-night upon a low
drinking resort in East St. Louis, near
Relay depot. The tough inmates showed
hL'ht an 1 opened fire. Detective Officer
John Paynton was fatally shot and two
others sliehtly wounded. All but one of
the men escaped and several are known to
be wounded.
The Hugh McCulloch.
Tne revenue cutter Hugh McCuiloch. which was launched at the Cramps
shipyard in Philadelphia recently, will be sent out to this coast to relieve the cutter
Bear for duty in Ala*kan waters. She is the largest vessel in the revenue service.
Her dimensions are: Length, 219 feet ; beam, 34 feet ; draught, 14 feet, and she has
a displacement of 1280 tons. Her engines are of 2000 horsepower, and she is ex
pected to have a minimum speed of sixteen knots. 9 Sne will be schooner rigged,
three masts, with square sail forward. Captain J. W. Congdon of the Revenue
Marine Service, who formerly commanded the cadet schoolsbip Chase and who
baa superintended the construction oi the vessel, will be her commander.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
GENERAL READ
DIES AT PARIS
As a Soldier, Statesman and
Diplomat He Leaves a
Gallant Record.
While United States Minister to
Greece He Achieved Great
Distinction.
For Noble Acts in the Cause of Hu-
manity He Was Honored at
Home and Abroad.
PARIS, France, Dec 27.— General John
Meredith Read died this morning from
pneumonia.
John Meredith Read, the well-known
American diplomatist, was born in Phila
delphia February 27, 1837, he being a son
of a former solicitor-general of the
United States. He received bis education
at a miiiiar}' school and at Brown Uni
versity, where he received the degree of
A.M. in 1856. He was graduated at the
Albany Law School in 1859, studied inter
national law in Europe, was admitted to
the bar in Philadelphia, and afterward re
moved to Albany,' N. Y. He was Adju
tant-General of New ii r ork in 1860-6. and
was one of the orLinators of the "Wide-
Awake" political clubs in 1860. He was
chairman in April ol the same year of the
committee of three to draft a bill in behalf
of New York State appropriating $100,000
for the purchase of arms and equipments,
and he subsequently received the thanks
of the War Department for his ability and
zeal in organizing, equipping and forward
ing troops. He was United States Con
sul-General for France and Algeria in
1869 70, and 1870^74 Acting Consul-General
for Germany during the Franco-German
war.
After the war he was appointed by Gen
eral de Cissey. French Minister of War, to
form and preside over a commission to ex
amine into the desirability of teaching
the English language to ihe French
troops.
In November, 1873, he was appointed
United States Minister resident in Greece.
One of his first acts was to secure the re
lease of the American ship Armenia, and
to obtain from the Greek Government a
revocation of the order that prohibited the
>ale of tho Bible in Greece. During the
Russo-Turkish war he discovered that
only one port in Russia was still open,
and he pointed out to Secretary Evarts
the advantages that would accrue to the
commerce vl the United States were a
grain fleet dispatched from New York to
tnat port. The event justified his judg
ment, since the exports of cereals from
the United States showed an increase
within a year of $73,000,000.
While Minister to Greece he received the
thanks of his Government for his effectual
■ protection oi American persons and inter
ests in the dangerous crisis of 1881. Soon
afterward Cougres* from motives of econ
omy, refused the appropriation for the
legation al Athens, and General Read, be
lievins that the time was too critical to
: withdraw the mission, carried it on at his
; own indivdual expense until his resigna
ion, September 23, ISB9.
In 1881, when, owing in part to bis ef
forts atter his resignation, the territory
that had been adjudged to Greece bad
been finally transferred. King George
created him a Knight Grand Cro»s of the
Order of The Redeemer, the highest dig
nity in the gift of the Greek Government.
General Read was president of the Social
Science Congress at Albany, N. V., in
1868 and vice-president of the one at
Plymouth, England, in 1872. He was the
author of "A Historical Inquiry Concern
ing Henry Hudson," which first threw
light upon his origin and that sources of
{ the ideas that guided the navigator and
contributed to current literature.
MILITIA HELD IN HEADINESS
Governor RrnAlev of Kentucky mil Pre
rent Mob Viol' nee.
FRANKFORT, Kt.. Dec. 27.— Several
companies of the Second Regiment, Ken
tucky State Guards, have been in readi
ness to march for the past forty-eight
hours. Governor .Bradley is determined
to prevent mob violence if it is in his
power, and the report that a, mob would
attempt to lynch Johnson Howe, colored,
who is in jail at Paris for the shooting of
Policeman Charles Lacey at Cyntbiana,
caused him to order tho militia to be in
readiness to go to Howe's protection.
Licey died this morning. A telegram
from Paris to-night says that Howe is not
in danger. , ■
I'aytnrnt IHH llr. I'e*unted.
BRYAN. Tex , Dec. 27.— Bank Examiner
J. D. McDonald yesterday took charge of
the Merchants' and Planters' Bank,
which failed fo open Wednesday. Disin
tere3teri business men whr> have invesii
■ ated the affairs of the bank since say
that it is solvent and payment will be re
sumed.
Heath of a Million Banker.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec 27.— A special
from San Luis Potosi, Mexico, says Igna
cio Morel, banker and business man of
taat city, is <iead. He leaves an estate
valued at $1,000,000.
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
TMEi^XTUMBLE!
X X X X The last days j)f 1896' wherein the old year is trembling in the balance.
A €> A 8 are Overcoats. We shall tumble the prices of Overcoats down to nothing
X BCS^-X'-?- X in order to accomplish empty tables by tlie first of the year. The littlest, the
V V 1 V V tiniestof prices ever quoted for high-class Overcoats for men. Fashionable gor-
V 0 0 V Tnents for New Year calls ; fashionable garments for any season of the year.
X X X X To-day will witness one of the greatest Overcoat Sales ever held in this
ft A & : A c^y or ani other city in the United States. You know we're kingpins for
X Xv;X X Overcoats. We handle and sell more Overcoats than all the other stores in
X X X X Frisco combined. We tell you prices have taken a tumble. Read on and you
V x § x will lear n how great a tumble they have taken.
X X X X ur window display of these garments tells the rest.
■ - I 1 ly^P > Above we show you a very swell Oxford Gray Overcoat, dark,
. i\ r ' ' t' 1 '" -- • . genteel and dressy iiivade with velvet collar, fashionably tailored;
I -|/\. >vl- as good as you'll get in any other store inthis town for sB. ',
t=7^^^^. When we open our doors This Morning you can step in and get
one of these clever Overcoats for
vibove our picture shows you tico clever Overcoats, made with- .gftiff^B^. ifIdMUW
out velvet collar, made from that celebrated fabric, the Aurora /!p!f» fg« J&^*' - : - '( fS Jff^iL
.Melton; a stylishly tailored garment. We won't tell you what BL. X^& jUr '• '^pßsl
the former price was, because it would seem ridiculous the way Bpft^t. J&L.^^-^un-i 3H«wi^
When we open our doors This Morning you can step in and Jr ?|i p^. ~
get one of these fashionable Overcoats for BBBbBSE
We picture above two Very Swell Overcoats— as fashionable as . We havenot earned the distinction of being King Pint for. Ooercoals by mere say ing •
any tailor in ' A.inerica ■'* Can "turn ! Out; gotten up in Chaste, rich so. Ask? any one in town and they'll tell you that xcearejutUy entitled to the name "King
Style in black. With Velvet collar. Eigh-cIaSS COatS, as good as P ™JZ£™%£,, : a v^eU Overcoat. We have some 2000 garment,, $15 goods;
yOU II get in any Other Store in town for $IU. ;< some $12 goods, but the price.you'll get Jem at will prove astonishing. ■_ They're the cleverest
When we open the doors of the Kearny -Street Store This of garments, and were it not for the fact that we^are anxious to reduce our stock before .Jan' *
Wnr-TtTrt/Stiniinnrt e+vri in nrtrl ■, ">Ao+ 'nn /> • n-P ■+h Zap iPTJi ri ' piipr ">' • Ciiifi-r vary luc would never dream of quoting such prices^iThese Overcoats are gotten up in very
Morning you Can step in and get one of these very clever Over- fa3hionlmade from the highest grade of Patent%eaver;.with velvet collar.' . , .
COatS 'for '. . . . ■ ■•': -When we open the doors of the Big S:ore This Morning you can step in and get your pick
- V ' '" ■  . %If C^s -^^^T™^ ' ' from these very clever Overcoats at -/: r -Vf ''•'.'
\,_,^— _:_,:::_ S3 - 5 °- • -•". v 58.50.
WE "HATE. TREATED THE PRICES ON The way we have kni f ed the prices on Sui U you'll never recog- ,
SUITS IN THE SAME MANNER. nizetlieforpief.pHces^]^ J>UMness_ with_ you to-7>iorroiv._ _
RAPHAEL7S R,^ft.FH:^.E5L,'S
(INCORPORATED), ■■■■;■; > (INCORPORATED),
■-■- FRISCO BOYS './' THE SOUSE THAT DOES THIXGS BY HALVES,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street. ■ excepting the halving of prices.
34
FELL TO DEATH
WITH HIS STAGE
Driver Maxwell's Corpse
Found Under His
Horses.
Drove Over an Embankment on
an Abandoned Road Near
Dyerville.
Searching Party Finds the Wrecked
Coach at the Bottom of a
Gully.
EUREKA, Cal., Dec. 27.— Authentic de
tails of the disaster to the overland mail
stage and the killing of the driver between
Dyerville and Harris on Christmas eve
were received here this morning. The
accident occurred about midnight on
Thursday near McCann's fawmill, on Eel
River, thirty miles from Scotia. The vic
tim was sixteen-year-old Victor Maxwell,
who bad been hired for the holidays by
the regular driver, Charles Luke.
The boy took the mail from Driver
Miller at Harris in tne evening and started
northward alone, driving a pair 01 horses
hitched to a heavy road cart. He was
due at midnight at McCanns mill, about
half way on the seventeen-mile drive to
Dyerville. He failed to arrive and the
people at the mill started out in the morn
ing to learn the cause*. They found the
wheel tracks below the mill. These were
followed and led them along an old aban
doned stage road, which branches off
Dear the mill, and to a deep gully about
fifteen feet wide that had been made
across the road by an overflow of the
river last year. Here their search ended,
for at the bottom of the gully lay the
horses, cart and mail sacks, and beneath
all the body of the boy.
The poor fellow had received a fracture
at the base of the skull and his chest was
crushed, evidently by one of the horses
falling on him. The animal, although
alive and uninjured like his mate, had
been unable to rise and still lay with its
shoulder on the boy's breast. That the
driver's death was sudden and unexpected
was indicated by the fact that he still
grasped a half-eaten apple in bis hand.
From appearances it would seem that the
boy, not being familiar with the route, had
allowed the horses to swing off into the
old road at the forks and that he was un
aware of the dangerous gully ahead. From
the marks on the further bank of the
wasbout it appeared tnat the horses bad
leaped the crevasse, but bad been dragged
back by the weight of the cart.
Little can be learned about the unfor
tunate boy except that he had been in the
employ of Rancher Olsen, contractor for
the routs. His mother is dead and his
father, who formerly lived, in that part of
the country, is now employed on a coast
ing steamer.
KIDNAPING AT SAN DIEGO.
Four-Year-Old Child Stolen by Its Father
From the Residence of Its
Mother.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec 27.— Constable
Marks is looking for Robert Demon, a
young man who drove a livery rig for a
German named Phaler. Phaler is wanted
for kidnaping his own daughter, a child
of 4 years, and be is believed to have gone
into Lower California with her. The offi
cers hope to get Driver Denton and hold
him on the charge of being an accomplice
until they can locate Phaler.
Phaler married a Mexican woman and
frequently quarreled with her. Two years
ago, wnen tney lived at Jacuniba, on the
edge of the desert, he stole his child from
the mother and ran away with her. The
mother was frantic and did not rest until
sue had found the child and recovered it.
Then Phaler went to Alamo, Lower Cali
fornia, and worked in the mines. A week
ago he reappeared in San Diego, and im
mediately set about planning to regain
possession of his daughter. He learned
where his wife was living, and in order to
avoid recognition he had his beard re
moved.
About 9 o'clock vVednesday morning
Phaler hired a horse and buckboard and
engaged Denton to drive. He said he in
tended to go to False Bay to hunt ducks.
At 10 o'clock he drove to the corner of
Seventh and J streets, a block from where
the woman lived, and leaving the driver
to hold the horse he went down the street
and into the alley near the rear of the
house. In a few moments he returned,
running, with the child in his arms, and
the two men drove fast out J street, fol
lowed by the mother.
Within an hour officers were on the
track, but Phaler could not be overtaken.
The driver, Denton, returned with the rig
late the following night, and after an hour
or so went to Old Town.
TALKED WITH OUTLAW DUNHAM.
Lower California Telegraph Lineman Cer
tain That He Encountered the
Murderer.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 27.— R. D. An
derson, lineman for the Peninsular Tele
graph Company, i 3 in the city from Lower
California. His work takes him over much
of the northern part of the peninsula, and
as be was formerly an officer, he keeps a
good watch- for criminals who may stray
over the line from this State. He owns a
lot of horses in San Rafael Valley, 150
miles below here, and it was during a
round-up in the foothills last Wednesday
that he saw Dunham, the Campbell mur
derer. He talked witn Dunham, and had
a good look at his face and figure in broad
daylight. 0
"It was Dunham all right, said Ander
son. "I have a description of Dunham,
which I have carried with me ever since
the murder, as well as two pictures of
him. I did not happen to think of Dun
ham when I met him, but afterward it oc
curred to me that I had interviewed the
murderer, and after consulting the pho
tographs and descriptions I knew that the
man was Dunham sure enough. «
"It was on Wednesday afternoon, De
cember 23, tnat I ran across him. I was
on horseback, looking for stray stock. It
was in the foothills east of San Rafael
three or four miles. The country is
razeed and broken and no one lives in
there. In a little open stretch I saw a man
on foot ahead of me, looking around as if
he expected somebody. He had a roll of
blankets end a rifle. I saw him before he
saw me and rode up toward him.
"He glanced around on both sides and
saw me. He jumped and seemed to be
getting his rifle ready, but probably niy
unsuspicious approach assured him. he
stopped and then walked toward me. He
came about as near as from here across
the street and stopped and watched me
every second. He dropped his blankets
but kept hold of his rifle. Then he asked
me for something to eat.
■'The man was apparently tired out,
either with hunger or woiry. His clotbes
were ragged and his boots had holes in
them. I said 1 had nothing with me, but
if he would go down to the ranch ne would
rind work ami something to eat. He said
he would just as toon have a job as not,
because he was hungry and out of money.
Hi 9 manner was not very open and I did
not like his looks. I asked him what he
was doing, and he said he vas prospect
ing.
"I said it was funny for a prospector to
be out in the hills without any yrub, and
he said something about having some
'over at the other camp.' We parted then,
and he watched me closely, not moving
until I was almost out of sight. That
made me suspicious and then I thought of
the man being Duntiam. I looked at my
pictures, and I will swear that the man
was Dunham. His mustache is cut off.
but otherwise he is the same, only thinner.
"I could have captured the man, but
what would Ido with him? The trouble
is not in catching him, but in getting him
out of the country. But I believe that if
regularly accredited officers were down
there and eot Dunham and turned him
over to the authorities, they would not
object to holding him until extradition
papers could be secured."
Detective Ellsworth, who has been at
work on Dunham rlews in.Lower Cali
fornia for several weeks, is planning an
expedition to go down anu hunt the mur
derer. He will not talk, but from Ander
son it was learned that Ellsworth is or
ganizing a party to go down, following lhe
trail outlined in the stories of Lino Lopez
and Anderson. Lopez said Dunham
stopped at the Vailecito ranch last week
aim left the next morning for the South.
His road would lead him^ either to Ense
nada, which he would naturally avoid, or
Two Educators Who Will Take Part in the Proceedings of the Convention.
to San Rafael, where he probably is now
in hiding.
SACRA MEN TO'S SENSA TION.
Assemblyman-Elect /L M. Landsborough
Accused of Having Defrauded the
County.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 27.— L. M.
Landsborough, Deputy Clerk of Sacra
mento County and Populist Assembly
man-elect, has, it is claimed, been tound
guilty of defrauding the county out of
various sums of money, and it is rumored
that the case will be brought to the atten
tion of the Grand Jury. His method of
pilfering, it is alleged, was to have those
who served on juries and who were en
titled to recompense from the county, sien
a blank power of attorney, then to pro
cure from another person the sum the
juror was entitled to, pay it, and after
ward fill ont the demand on the county
for a greater number of days than the
juror had served, pocketing the surplus.
How long this system has been pursued
and how much money has been obtained
from the county, if any, cannot be ascer
tained until a careful examination of the
books has been made.
R. Lupne, a farmer who lives at Ante
lope, had served twenty- three days on a
jury. It had been his custom, like that of
most of his neighbors, to tell Landsbor
ough to collect nis money and bring it to
him on his next trip to his home in that
vicinity. As Landsborough failed to do
so, the farmer came into town and de
manded his money. On examining the
books it was found that Luppe was cred
ited with claiming $72 25 instead of $48 25.
He became indignant, and in the contro
versy wjiicb. followed the fraud was dis
covered.
The alleged guilty man has always been
considered reputable and possessed a large
circle of friends. He has held responsible
offices for years. He was State Janitor
under Secretary of State Hendricks and
ran for Cserk of the Supreme Court with
J. V. Webster on the Populist ticket.
It is claimed — with how much truth can
not at present be ascertained — that forgery
has also been committed. The expose has
created a vast amount of comment
throughout the city and county, and the
question is asked: "Will Landsborough
assame his seat in the Assembly? If not,
who will?"
TACOMA TRACKS TORN UP.
Street Railway Cnmpnny Defeat* the
Plant of It* Creditor n.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 27.— Pursuant to
a well-planned scheme, an army of work
men under direction of R. C. Wingate,
one of the owners, to-day tore up ail
tracks within the city limits of the Tacoma
and Lake City railroad, to avoid injunc
tions by creditors. The work was com
menced last midnight and continued with
no interruption uutil this afternoon, when
it was completed. It was watched by
scores of interested people, who were
unable to get a restraining order on Sun
day. The track torn up was three miles
Jong, running from South Tacoma to the
racetrack. The rails have been sold.
♦
Incendiary Blaze nt Vallejo.
VaLLEJO, Cal , Dec. 27.— Fire was dis
covered at 3 o'clock this morning in what
was formerly the Union Hotel, on Georgia
street, near the wharf, and within half an
hour the building was entirely consumed.
Thu building was unoccupied. It was
owmd by James McCudden. When the
blaze was discovered it was apparent that
it had been started by an incendiary. A
pile of mattresses and bedding bad been
hau:ed into the center of the barroom
floor and ignited.
Monterey Masons Meet Officer*.
MONTEREY, Cal., Dec. 27— At the
regular communication of Free and Ac
cepted Masons, Monterey Lodge No. 217,
last night, officers were elected for the en
suing Masonic year. Those chosen were
William Kay, W. M.;» William Jacks A.W •
Dr. 8. S Bugle, J. W. ; W. E. Crawford (re^
elected), sectary; Jumes B. Snively. (re
elected), treasurer; H. A. Olmstead.S. D. ;
Johr T. Connelly, J. D. ; A. A.Manuel and
Ad. Gunzendorfer, stewards; W. J. Towle,
tyler.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
ANNUAL SESSION
OF THE TEACHERS
San Jose Will Entertain
Members of the State
Association.
California's Army of Educators
To- Day Begin Their Yearly
Conference.
Men and Women of National Fame to
Deliver Addresses in the
Convention.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 27.— The Cali
fornia Teachers' Association will convene
in the Normal School building here this
afternoon for four days of deliberation.
For thirty years the progressive teachers
of the State have annually gathered dur
ing the winter holidays at different cities
up and down the coast to discuss prftici
ples and methods of education.
Every county has its own yearly insti
tute, but in these the issues are smaller,
more personal and local. The State asso
ciation has been gradually deepening and
broadening its investigations, working
along lines of philosophy and higher edu
cation, but also Keeping step with the
train of grammar and secondary schools
and urging them onward and upward.
Besides providing the regular home
work this year the association has invited
NVilliam T. Harris, Commissioner of Edu
cation from Washington, pledging itself
to pay his full expenses, in order to get
from his own lips the thoughts of this
greatest of American philosophers upon
the question of the course of study — the
great problem of the reports of the com
mittee of ten and. the committee of fifteen,
so much discussed in magazines aud public
gatherings of laic.
Wednesday afternoon of the session will
be piven to discussion between Dr. Harris*
and Dr. Howison upon the principles and
practice of correlation of studies, and Dr.
Harris on Tuesday evening will occupy
the evening discussing' moral education
and school discipline.
The San Francisco Teachers' Club leads
off on Monday afternoon with addresses
upon differentiation in the course of study,
by Milton E. Blanchard of the Lowell High
School and Frank A. Gardner of the Poly
technic Hign School.
The course of study comes up again on
Tuesday afternoon in the report of the
Council of Education (the advisory Doard
of the association), and the discussion of
the new California movement in elemen
tary education, this discussion being held
by Dr. Harris, Superintendent Black, Dr.
Dresslar-of Los Angeles, Professor Jenkins
of Stanford University, Professor Wilson
of Chico and Professor Baily of Berkeley.
The mornings are to be devoted to round
tables, six each day tnese, being gather
ings where the members may be differen
tiated into groups along the lines of great
est interest to themselves, discussing with
kindred investigators special topics in
English, classics, German, mathematics,
art, child-study, manual training, school
hygiene. Kindergartens, history and sci
ence. The chairmen of these tables are
men and women ot note in the resoective
lines represented, and they have invited
specialists and enthusiasts to be prepared
for discussion, and all interested u re also
cordially asked to speak informally.
The history round table is under the
charge of Mrs. R.V. Winterburn of Stockton,
a college woman, having a record in Ann
Arbor and also in Berkeley. Some of the
brightest men and women of the State in
historical and literary work are to speak
here on the correlation of history and lit
erature, notably F. E. Perham'of Santa
Ana and Elizabeth Packard of Oakland.
The art department wili be led by Mrs,
Cordelia Bradtield, supervisor of drawing
in the Los Angeles city schools and author
of a popular series of drawing- books. Dec
orative and industrial art will here be dis
cus-sed and exemplified under leading ex
ponents of the work in representative
schools of the State.
Child study will receive able treatment
under the guidance of Milicent W. Shinn
of Niles, whose monograph on "The Study
of a Child" has given her even a Euro
pean reputation as an original investi
gator along psychological lines. Dr. Har
ris and Eail Barnes will be the stars of
this assemblage, Professor Barnes being
also known as a leader in this sort of
work, which throws aside hoary tradi
t'ons of what a child is and does, and
studies this little animal with as much
scientific care and accuracy as one would
an ant or a bee. Dr. Mava L. Pratt, well
known as the author of a popular Beries of
children's books, will also talk at this
gathering UDon physical applicationn of
child study, and Prolessors Brown ol the
University of California and Angell of
Stanford University will add the results
of their experience.
Professor M. W. Haskell of the Univer
sity of California will with chosen mathe
maticians discuss the tlrfects of the lower
schools in mathematical work, and Pro
fessor T. D. Wood of Stanford, director of
physical culture, will on the same fore
noon set forth the results of the year's in
vestigations in school hygiene, with an
especial emphasis upon the prevalence
and prevenlionof the cigarette evil, which,
from the university campus to the Bar
bary Coast kindergarten, is degrading the
youth of our land.
The round tables above outlined will be
running simultaneously Tuesday morn
ing in the normal school classrooms, no
doubt to trie anguish of some who would
like to be in six places at once. On
Wednesday morning another* set begins,
also full of interest and inviting thinkers
in many directions.
English considered as ajgeontinuous
course will be the subject of Professor Gay
ley's department, tie will be assisted in
the discussion by lovera of English from
north to south,T. L. Heaton journeying
from Eureka, Humboldt County, F. E.
Perham from Santa Ana. Charles Edwin
Markham, the poet and teacher oi the
Tonipkins Experimental School, will dis
cuss here bis methods of making children
Know the world's finest thought. Profes
sor Ewald Flugel.oneof the finest scholars
in the United States, will tell what we
may iearn from Gerraanv in teaching the*
native language and literature, and a
multitude of lesser lights will scintillate.
Prolessor E. B. CJapp, the ardent Greek
scholar, who more than any one else on
the coast has the fire of the" Renaissance
Jove of ancient learning in his heart, will
come from Berkeley to conduct the round
table on the classics, bringing to his de
liberations some of the finest Greet and
Latin teachers on the coast.
German in the schools, now asking for
as much recognition as the mothers of the
English tongue, as the Greek and Latin,
wili be represented by Professor Gechel of
Stanford University, aided by eminent
German scholars from both universities
and from many hig;h schools. Manual
training will be under the stanch pro
tector and advocate, Charles H. Keyea,
formerly of the Throop Polyiechnic
school, and spoken of as the future di
rector of the great Wiimerding College.
Science will be led by Professor O. P.
Jenkins of Stanford and some of the
most advanced scientists of tbe«oast; the
problems being how to rationalize native
studies in the lower schools. Drs. Harris
and Haelmerm will lead the kindergarten
round table. Mrs. Sarah 13. Cooper's
name is on the programme which was
printed before she died, and in relation to
which she wrote a few days before her
death with prophetic words, "I shall
speak there as the spirit may direct me."
The last morning will be given to gen
eral session. Dr. John Fryer, professor of
Oriental languages -at the University of
California, will speak on Chinese edu
cation, Professor Bolton of San Jose on
modern psychology, and young Eiwood
Cubberly of San Diego will repeat the
address upon political reforms in school
matters which electrified the Los Angeles
City Association a few weeks ao.
Altogether, San Jose next week will give
to its 3000 visitors a won .erf jl series of
thought-awakening addresses, and lead to
the very threshold of the opening era
witlj prophecy and potentiality of the
best educational work of the State in the
year of grace 1897.
Repaid Hindu*** by Theft.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec 27.— Albert J.
Kaufman, a young man with a penchant
for wrong-doing, is again in the city
prison, this time charged with petty lar
ceny. Kaufman has been out of work for
some tim •, and C. R. Gibbons of T77 South
First street has been providing him with
food and shelter. To repay this kindness
Kaufman broke into his we nef actor's trunk
and stole $5. He was arrested by Chief
Kidward at the Salvation Army barracks.
On the way to the police station he at
tempted to throw away a bunch of skele
ton keys. Part of the money waß found
on his person. This is not Kaufman's first
offense.
Jirigham for the fnbinrt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 27.— Papers are
being circulated by San Jose Grange for
signatures to a petition to President-elect
Mcfcinley asKing tnat Colonel J. H. Brig
liam of Ohio be niven the position of Sec
retary of Agriculture. Colonel Brignam
is worthy master ol the National Grange.
This action is taken in accordance with a
communication received from the Na
tional Grange.
Death From Alcoholic Poisoning.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 27.— Hiram J.
Shelmndine died suddenly at his ranch,
Grecian Bend, in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains last evening. A Coroner's inquest
was held this afternoon, the jury deciding
thai death was due to alcoholic poisoning.
Sheimadine was a native of Michigan and
57 years of age. Four years ago he was
divorced from his wife and subsequently
married;
fntride by Asphyxiation
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 27.— Robert J.
Steeves, a man about 50 years of age, com
mitted suicide in the Auzerais House la^t
niglit by asphyxiation. He had undressed
himself', turned on the gas and retired.
His hat was hung ojrer the key.'iole.
Steeves came from New York and had
been in this city^bout two months. He
was being treateinor heart disease.
Santa Clous Used Hitn Kindly.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec 27.— Henry
Shafer, 70 years of age, received as a
Christmas present a piece of gold bullion
worth $8000. Mr. Bhafer did not consider
the gold any the less a Christmas present
because he is half owner in the mine in
San Bernardino County whence it was
sent to him by his partner. He has
parted with a portion of his 27% pounds
of bullion, however, or will as soon as the
transier of the Part Hotel in Soquel is
made to him. Then he is coming to Santa
Cruz for investments. He says that he
has twenty years longer to live and he
wants to keep that chunk of gold rolling
to tne accumulation of more.
The most powerful guns now made fire
a shot from twelve to thirteen miles, and
Krupp's great 130-ton steel gun hurled a
shot weighing £600 pounds a iew yards
over fifteen miles.
. That 'Unpleasant Catarrh with all its annoying
aii'l disagreeable symptoms can be 1 speedily t:re
lieved and cured with Dr. Jayne » Expectorant. lv
; : Sate ; and " surerJ*y ne's i*ftinle«3 Sanative I'ills.
KEPT A COFFIN
AT HIS BEDSIDE
Eccentric Philip Faust of
Pacific Grove Passes
Away.
Three Years Ago He Arranged
Every Detail for His
Funeral.
His Widow, Provided For in Like
Manner, Believed to Be
Dying.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal.. Dec. 27.-
Philip Faust died at his home last ni ht
after an illness of more than three years'
duration. The cause of his death was in
flammation caused by two bullets, which
he carried in his body, one having been
received in the Mexican War.
Faust was a native of Germany, but
came to America when a boy. He en
listed in a volunteer corps of the United
States army and fought in the Mexican
War, in the course of which he received a
wound which eventually killed him.
After the close of the war he became one
of the pioneers and took an active part in
the early history of the State.
When the Civil War began his soldier
spirit was again aroused, and be went
East to take an active part in the conflict.
While with the Army of the Potomac he
received a second bullet, which he car
ried until his death.
For three years past — ever since the be
ginning of his lens illness, in fact— Faust
kept hi* coffin in his bedroom. The casket
was prepared for burial, and in it was
sufficient money for the funeral expenses.
During all this time not a day passed that
Faust had not had from one to three faint
ing spells, and he hourly expected death,
Mrs. Faust has been partially paralyzed
for years, and her coffin also has been kept
in the house, beside ihat of her hu-band.
It is believed she will not long survive her
aged partner, as she is now dangerously
ill.
Faust was 74 years of age and quite well
to do.
MYSTERY OF BENICIA.
An Escape From a Livermore Asylum
Claims He Is the Victim of
Scheming Relatives.
BENICIA, Cal., Dec 27.— A peculiar
case — one that has an air of mystery, if
not actual crime, surrounding it — was
brought to light here to-day. An elderly
man appeared at the Palace Hotel this
morning and asked for breakfast. After
it was given to him he asked for Mr. Clyne
of the agricultural works. He was told
that Clyne would be found at church. To
the church the stranger went, and on
getting Mr. Clyne outside he announced
to him that be was E. M. Houx of Max
well and that he desired to get some
money. Clyne hesitated to believe the
story, as Mr. Houx was supposed to be
very wealthy.wher as the mau before him
was dressed in blue flannel and presented
a very shabby appearance.
The stranger assured Clyne that he was
the person he represented to be, and re
lated a strange story to the effect that he
had made his escape from a private insane
asylum at Livermore kept by a man
named Roberison. He had been for the last
six days and n'ghts biding in the Contra
Costa hilis, and he said that he would
sooner die than go back to the asylum.
He claimed that he had been paced
there by his relatives, who desired to have
him kept out of the way, and the treat
ment he had received had been such that
be could not stand it. In enumerating
the cruelties practiced upon him he said
that he had been tied down for four days
and brutally treated otherwise. He as
sured Clyne that if the latter would ex
amine his signature and compare it with
the Houx correspondence in the office he
would be satisfied that he was stating the
truth.
Clyne took the man to his home and left
him while he went to the office, where he
found that the signature that the stranger
had given agreed exactly with those
already in the office. On his return to his
house the man had disappeared. Clyne
immediately telegraphed Mrs. Honx re
garding him, and he received an answer
telling him to spare no expense in tracing
his lute visitor. Clyne immediately got
an officer and started on the trail, finally
catching the stranger at Suisun. He was
placed in the jail in Fairfield, with in
structions to deliver him to no persoo
until a thorough investigation could be
made.
This evening a keeper from Livermore
arrived in town looking for the escaped
man. He stated that a large reward
would be paid for bis recapture.
STATEN ISLAND MURDERERS.
Highbinders Who Slew Ah Sow Send
One of His Ears to a Rival
Tong.
STOCKTON? Cal., Dec. 27.— Sheriff
Cunningham has been at work for some
time in his efforts to ran to earth the men
who committed murder on Staten Island
on November 7. On that night Ah Sow,
a Chinese vegetable gardener, who had a
numbter of men working for him, was
called out of his house after dark. Several
shots were heard, and when the men in
the bunkhouse ran out they found their
employer dead on the ground with two
bullets through his body. One of his ears
was gone. It had been cut off close to his
head, as though severed with a razor.
The Chinese in the house were all ar
rested, but all were discharged at the
preliminary examination for want of
evidence-
Cunningham has obtained conclusive
evidence to prove that two highbinders
belonging to a rival tong in San Francisco
came to Stockton by boat and murdered
the Staten Is. and gardener. They fled to
an adjacent landing aud escaped to the
metropolis without discovery. There they
presented the ear of the murdered man to
the society they represented, and were
paid a considerable sumof money for put
ting him our of the way. Cunningham
also learned that the ear was then placed
in a letter and sent by mail to the society
to which the murdered man belonged.
The perpetrators of the crime are being
sought by the San Francisco police, and,
with the evidence in hand, will probably
be run to earth before long
Arrested at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 27.-The police
to-day arrested James Wheeler of San
Francisco for insanity. Wheeler walked
into the police office this forenoon and
claimed he was being pursued by a crowd
of men bent upon killing him. He said a
company of San Franciscans had been
formed for tne purpose of taking his life.
He claimed he came from San Luis
Obispo, San Francisco, and had worked
on Sutro'a line as gripman. Wheeler
says Officer A. B. Thompson of the Cali
fornia-street police station knows him.
An Arkansas Kattler.
George M. Caldwell of Williamsville, 111.,
was telling sna&e stories last night to a
party of friends at Hurst's Hotel. Ac
cording to one of these yams, Mr. Cald
well has a friend in Arkansas who was
once the owner of the biggest rattlesnake
that ever came down the pike. Mr. Cald
well consulted a notebook while telling
his story, in which he had an affidavit
signed by Joseph P. Coffin, Circuit Clerk
of Lawrence County, Powhattan, Ark.,
who vouches for the dimensions of the
reptile and gives some details of how it
was caught.
Mr. Coffin states in his affidavit that in
1870, in Independence County, Ark., on a
strip of ground lying between the White
and Black rivers, a rattlesnake was killed
that measured IQ}4 feet in length. It was
armed with forty-three rattles and a but
ton, ana had fangs strong enough to pierce
the thickest hide boot.
"If you don't believe this story," con
cluded Mr. Caldwell, "write to W. C.
Lyons, Scott and Markham streets, Little
R'.>ck, Ark., for confirmation. The snake
is now in his possession, having been
nicely stuffed." — St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat.
GETTING ON TO
FITZ'S CURVES
Corbett Talks Confidently
of the Outcome of a
Match.
He Explain^ the Australian's Methods
and Tbeir Antidote, as Seen
by Himself
While Filzsimmons was here he did not
neglect to express his opinion of Corbett,
whom he is matched to meet on March
17. But little, if anything, has been said
of the Calilornian's views of the clever
Australian. In view of that fact and also
since many are still hoping that the con
test may be "pulled off" on this coast,
the following extract from an Eastern
authority will prove of interest. It will
be seen that Corbett is by no means un
derrated in the Eastern States and that he
is not prepared to be whipped in advance.
He also throws a little light on his plans
and aspirations for the future. The ex
tract referred to reads:
James J. Corbett, who is considered by a ma
jority of the good judges of fighting men to be
the most remarkable boxer of modern times,
is not the physical wreck >ome of his enemies
would have the public believe.
On the contrary, this wonderful young man
from California is stronger, heavier and more
active than he ever was before. It is true that
he devotes a great deal of time to his stage
work, but he does not neglect the exercise
which has been p irt of his uaily routine siuce
the idea of developing his muscles struck him
years ago.
Corbett does not work to improve his muscu
lar system as he used to. Jtiis ideas are as
much advanced on this subject as they are
ahead of the times in connection with glove
fignting. Corbett is a close observer and a
real fighting genius. His careful studies or
other fighters help him out so far as primitive
ideas are concerned, for upon slight sßgues
tions he bui.ds many practical plans of attack
and de.ense.
He is an inventor of blows and readily im
proves upon punches invented by others. But
he is original if anything. Corbett is as great
a master of boxing as PaderewsKi is of the
piano.
To have astonished the sporting world by
beating with comparative ease the great John
L. Sullivan might liave satisfied the ambitions
of most athletes. Not so with James Joseph
Corbett. He is anxious to knock the aspira
tions of Rouert Fitzsimmons into a cocked hat,
aud until he has had a try at the dangerous
New Zeulund blacksmith the conqueror of Sul
livan and Mitchell and the others will not be
contented.
Corbtstt is far too level-headed not to realize
that Filzsimmons Is by long odds the most
dangerous man in the world for him to tai'k:e.
And Corbett has ior nearly two year 3 befu
quietly sizing up his rival's ling tricks. He
hopes to surprise Filzsimmons ty his knowl
edge of the latter's methods. Moreover, Cor
bett has some new blows which he says are
CHrefuily secreted on the inner side of his cuff s
so that no one can guess what they are.
"If Fitzsimmons reckons he can play on me
the tricks that he worked on Hall, Mu'her and
Creedon he'll- get left," said Corbett the other
day. "He'll get left badly, tot I'm fretting on
to his curves every day, qud I intend to spring
some brand-new tactics on him in the bar
gain."
Corbett puts in nearly an hour every day at
a pulley wrist machine. His desire is to de
velop the muscles in his forearms, and he has
found this plan an excellent one for the pur
pose. It suits his ideas exactly.
"Everybody understands that fighting men
have changed their styles of attack during the
past few years," Corbett explained, as his at
tendant proceeded to give him an alcoholic
rub. "Nearly all of the old-time methods
when bare fists d;d the work have been aban
doned. In the days of turf fights men were
frightfully cut up and a majority of the fights
continued for hours. Playing for a puncn on
the jaw was not dreamed of. The jugular vein
was supposed to be the spot to try for. Now
it baa changed; all the fighters aim for the
jaw.
"Fitzsimmons," the champion went on to
say, "has a strange faculty for landing there,
too, but 1 should be sorry to have Tiim hit my
jaw. He'll do it, though, if a cnance is ottered,
what I intend is that no chance will be pre
sented on my side of the house. But speaking
of forearm development this man Fitz has an
advantage over many of us.
"His experience as a blacksmith Is responsi
ble for this. His forearms are splendidly de
veloped, and to this more than anything else
may be attributed his wonderful hitting pow
ers at short range. He can hit like a mule
kicking without pulling nis arm back for a
swing. In swinging a man leaves himself
open to a cross-counter or a hook punch.
"It was not my good fortune to have big
forearms," he continued. "1 never had any
be most certain and safe Fain Remedy. Instantly
relievos and soon cures all Colds, j Hoarseness, Sora
'i'hroat, ' Bronchitis, Congestions and Inilaniui*-
tions. Duo per botue. bold by l>rut»Uu '
LEA & tm\W
SIGNATURE . . '., , : <££§§> !
printed in
BLUE, diagonally
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a fi
:;"..•!, ;: v tectlon against ail imitations. . ;
Agents for the United States. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS N. Y.
hard work to do when I was ft younester.
h ye developed imy muscle? >y gymnasjnn
work alone. 6o>iiiuii«»uol" had 'he D3ttero
me to begin with. My forearms now w,h pa»
muster, ihongh," and the Californiar. he U
! tnem up for inspection. "I fancy myself abi :
to deliver as hard iv hook punch asHtz-j|in
mons ever coula send In, and 1 know I caniyn
oftener than he can. I. am convinced that,
can beat him . ins de :of twenty rounds. H.
fail he can lake all the money.
"Fitz's favorite blow is a right-hand upper
cut, sent : inside his opponent's guard to thi
chin. He is at times dangerous with his lei 1
in the same way. 1 will be on the lookout for i
strong one, and If he lands it will be my hart
luck. I urn not so sure that I did not use thii .
hook punch before Kitz did. It was a favorit)
blow of mine when I was the boxing lnstructoi
at the Olympic Club in San Francisco, i Per
baps he employed the blow before he came t«
this country.
"Prom what I have seen and heard of Fiti
he is a trifle more partial to swing blows thai
I am. I hope my calculations In this directioi
are not wrong, for he'll be an easy mark nridei
such circumstances. If be chooses to indulge
in straight hitting and clever boxing he will
be harder to settle, but I am certain that 1 cat
outbox him." .■:
Corbett is in splendid snap ■ physically, and
could prepare himself for a finish fight in thre«
weeks. He will remain in this vicinity until
arrangements can be completed for his fight
with Kitzsimmons, and he is ready to cancel
his theatrical engagements at one week's no
tice. -'rijf |i|MHHi*nmm M|T|lliiH||i^[ilH|'^iii
"When I have settled with this fellow," said
Corbett, "I shall let tne ring take care of itself
Fighting is not so bud, but training continu
ally is a great deal worse than driving a street
car. Of course, Ido not lollow all the old rulei
of dieting and running. At the same time 1
am obliged to take great precaution against
catching cold, and I must do a certain amount
of hard work every day. It a man could fight
without train the country would be over
run with fighters. They wouldn't be worth $3
. a ton, as Arthur Chambers once said. Acting
is a heap better than fighting, but if I hadn't
learned how to put up my hands I don't sup
pose I would ever have taken to the stage. ]
i have worked hard to make an actor of myself,
| and, if Ido say it, I'm a fair light comedian.
But I'm improving all the time, and I hope to
occupy, at no distant day, a place on the stage
that the advertising I gained in fighting could
not gain for me alone."
• Jim McVey, Corbett's trainer, is of the
opinion that the big fight will not last fly*
rounds.
"Corbett will whip this duffer in a gallop,"
says the trainer. "It's a cinch, If ever I «aw
one." And "Kid" Eagan, Corbett's business
manager, is of the same mind. J A.
Pimples. C y(j E IT
uUnt II
Sore Throat nypr it
Sore Monti. . n ync IT
: Enlarged Lumps. PIIDC IT
tailing Hair. nynp IT
SUn Ernpttons. - PIIDC IT
Glandular Lumps. PjjDC IT
Partial to Q|JRE IT
01 Mm CURE IT
I ®®®®®®®®®*®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I Means Blood Disease I
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®<^®®®®®®(txsS
80-Day Cure Is Safe.
30-Day Circulars Fre«i
HUDYAN Is tllß CertalD
HUDYAN CDreftr
HUDYAN mm mMi
HUDYAN HerYOns MMI
HUDYAN' Blnes> LosseSi
HUDYAN MclaQCMia aM
HUDYAN DiSMS of McDi
<i>®®®®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®@®
1 CIRCULARS FRE. I
*> . ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
. ■
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
ETiKCTRIC IBTEJX-iTJgi
~s\\,t '4ttf«BVH*.''-'f Aro 00^ things It prop.
"i??. !m^Sib "~'\ it " ' i* l * made; but there '•
no sense la paving a til;ti
B*^i£Sr>O~<*^v^ price for a poor artlcls
B&tT^ "'••%'» : *^'^Bf simply because some ad-
■jp^^^i&i-;—,*??^ vertislng "quack" as-
iK^lrtUil^^rrPWii^r mauds It. uy no Belt
ltfTWp^f^STWi"*- . Ull you see IJr - Puree's.
jiff* *>" B°°fc F "e- c * a or
'»"' <wJ,' address I) it. I'IKiiCB
*SbTj> & SON, 701 Sacramento
* ' St.. cor. Kearny, 3. if.
Branch Office 440 Market st, a. F.FRESNO'S MYSTERY
GROWING APACE
Hints That John Barker
Was the Victim of
a Murderer.
Was Found Dying From Poison
SoDn Atter the Lehmann
Shouting.
An Acquaintance Intimates That He
Lost His Life Because H:
Knew Too Much.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 27.— Did John Bar
ker commit suicide? If he did, why?
These are questions which are beinc con
sidered by those engaged in investigating
the mystery surrounding the attempted
murder of Solomon Lehmann last summer.
John Barker is the man whom. Detective
John Harrison claims, Charles A. Schwei
zer. the harness-dealer, hired to kill Leh
mann in order to secure the $5000 life in-
Mirance. It wes Barker who made dam
aging statements to Samuel Ralston, a
Mariposa-street saloon-Keeper. He was
suspected from the first of the atteirpted
assassination, and Lehniann was positive
it was he whom he passed on Blackstone
avenue that night, to be shot at a moment
later.
Several weeks after the shooting Barker
was found dead one morning at the Saxe
ranch, east of town. An autopsy wa< held
and it was ascertained that he had died
from laudanum poisoning. He had been
brought to the ranch from town the .night
before by a friend. He was then in a deep
stupor, but the friend thought he was
only Intoxicated. Tl<e Coroner's jury
came to the conclusion without much
f urtt.er debute that is was a caseof sucide.
Now, ?ince Barker's connection with the
Lehmann-Sehweizer affair, Irs death is
beins: looked upon in a different light
By some it is believed that Barker will
fully tooK his own life, and that he was
led to the net because of his attempt to
kill Lehmann. It is believed that the
thought of what he had done preyed upon
his mind so much that it became unbear
able, and he resolved to end his own
existence.
There are several reasons for believing
that Barker took the laudanum on this
account. There are good grounds to
believe that it was he who fired the shots
at the sawmill owner. His statement to
Samuel Rals:on is almost conclusive evi
dence. Btsides this, Lehmann identified
him to a fairly certain d?gree as the
would-be skiyer. A few days afier the
shooting, Lehmann saw Barker on the
street in this city and excitedly exclaimed
to a friend :
"That's the man who did the shooting!
That's the hat, the shirt and pants the
fellow wore ! "
Lehmann was so sure that it was Barker
who had attempted to kill him that he
wanted to swear out a warrant for his
arrest immediately ; but he was counseled
not to do this. Lehuiann and Barker had
had trouble. This was rot an uncommon
thing tor Lehmann, and Barker was not
the only enemy he had; but it seems ihat
the feeling between these two was very
bitter. It would not have been a difficult
matter to have hired Barker {.o injure the
miii owner.
Af er the shooting, however, there was
a sudden change in Barker's actions to
ward Lehmann. He showed all manner
of friendship to his former enemy and
could not do encueh for him. His desire
to show the miliman favors almost bor
dered on the ridiculous. Lehmann says
that fjr several days before Barker was
found dead he acted very strangely. He
appeared to want to tell Lehmann some
thing, but was afraid to do so. He would
try to be in a very confidential mood and
then would suddenly change. He never
admitted anything, however. Before the
attempt to murder Le imann wr.s made
Barker drank very little, but afterwards
be took to drinking very hard, and when
taken home by a friend the last night
he was aiive it was supposed that he was
only on one of his frequent sprees.
What motive Barker could have for
committing suicide could never Le learned.
He was a young uiau in good heaith with
no known cares to bear upon him. He
had usually been in good spirits and his
friends and relatives were at a lO3S to
account for his act, but In the light of
the^e r. cent events it seems as if the mo
tive might have been learned.
Ed Bouchard casts a grim suspicion on
Barker's death. Bouchard was one of the
first whom the officers thought might
have tried to kill Lohmanti. He was
pluced under arrest, but no evidence coulu
be secured against him. He had ha<i diffi
culties with ttie mill-owner and was an in
timate friend of John Barker. Bouchard
83ys that lie does not believe that Barker
committed suicide. He does not believe
that the man ever took poison of his own
knowledge or intent. Bouchard's state
ments cannot be accounted for much,
however, and it would not seem probable
that murder was committed because
Barker knew too much.
A Call correspondent ascertained to
day that Schweizer has known for some
time that he was suspected of having
hired Barker to slioot Lehmann. Leii
maun went to him a few days after the
attempt was made, and as much as told
him that he (Leiimaun) believed him to
be connected with the conspiracy. Sheriff
Scott also had an interview with the har
ness dealer, in which the latter was ap
prised of the reports that he had hired
Barker to commit the deed. Strangely
enough little Carolina Lehmann, who re
ceived the second charge from the gun,
which was intended for her father, said
while in a delirou3 condition the day after
the shooting that she recognized Charles
Bhweizeras tin- man whom they met in
Blackstone avenue that terrible night.
Schweizer still maintains the air of aii
innocent man, and pubiic sympathy is
with him, yet it cannot be denied that
there are some features of the case which
present themselves in a manner very dis
agreeable to him.
A>CHOi;ru AT M OXTER El. I
The Monitor ' Monterey Recruiting Men
nt It* A a tne.* ake City.
MONTEREY, Cal., ;J)oc.. 27.— The
United States" coast-defense. monitor Mon
terey, which was ordered to its namesake
city for Christmas, has been lying at
anchor in the harbor since Sunday last
and while here has been doing some re
cruiting. Of the ten men who have al
ready presented themselves to the exam
ing "officera. three, did not come up to
physical requirements. The recruiting
cfrk-ers hope to fill their plrces before the
vessel leaves this por:. Wuen the Mon
terey arrived it was twenty ••If l»t men
shor, but whe;i it sans for S.«nia Barbara
this week it will carry a strong repre
sentation from the town after which it is
named. The monitor Monsdnock is ei
pecte 1 from Santa Cruz to-morrow.
YALE FOOTBALL HERO HERE
ltev. C. O. Gill Keturn* From Mission
ary Work in China.
Two of the lonely three cabin passen
gers that arrived here yesterday evening
on the steamship Peru from the Orient
wsre Rev. and Mrs. C. O. Gill o; Peking,
China.
Mr. Gill is the great Yale tackle, who in
1893 came to Berkeley from ihe East to
coach the University of California football
team. Soon after the Thanksgiving game
that year he returned East, took unto
himself a wife and started for China, where
he had decided to enter the missionary
service. After three years' wort among
the heathens of the Orient he is now on
liis way back to his old home in Orange,
N. J., Mrs. GUl's failing health making
her return to this country necessary.
Mr. Gill is a young man of medium
height, but of unusually powenul build.
While a football player at Yale he was
ranked as one of the best tacklers in the
country.
The eastward journey ~iil be resumed
in a few days. AVhether or no', Mr. Gill
will return to China will depend m>on his
wife's condition. Rev. and Mr. Gill are
staying at the Occidental Hotel.
AGAINST THE
CORNER GROCERY
The W. C. T. U. Will Be
After It With a Sharp
Bill.
One Rest Day in the Seven for the
Laborer— Other Legislative
Acts.
When the solons, newly elected and
hoid-overs, meet at Saciamento in tne
! cominz Legislature they will be wel
; cornea by the Woman's Christian Tem
i perance Union. As a matter of fact, they
| will be welcomed by a number of other
people, among whom will be those repre
senting tlie liquor interests, and this alone
will indu e the ladies of the State W. C. T.
I", to be in the Capital City when Ihe law
makers arrive.
At the head of the forces for Christian
temperance wili be the president of the
union, Mrs. Sturdevant Peet, the ablest
worker in the cause on the coast. She will
be assisted by the most energetic ladies in
the association, and it is their determina
tion to move the capital, if possible, in
j their efforts to bring about the passage of
I several acts in which they have become
i interested. First, is what they call the
■ "corner grocery law," by which the com
mercial establishment Known under that
title shall cease to retail intoxicants, and
deal only in a sleek Jess alcoholic.
The second is a SabDath law which will
prevent employers Irom working their
laborers sewn days in the week. It is not
intended that the proposed act shall set
apart any particular day in the week as a
legal day oi rest and the workman may
choose his period of recreation from the
seven.
A third measure which will claim the
attention of the union is the "age oi con
sent.'' At the last Legislature a bill
I passed both houses raising the time when
J a young woman is completely mistress of
j her own actions from 14 to 18, out Gov
ernor Budd neglected to sign it; hence the
i work of getting it through the Legislature
i must be done over.
State Recording Secretary Mrs. Dorcas
j J. Spencer of the W. C. T. U. said in an
j interview yesterday that the}' would have
1 a strong delegation of earnest workers in
Sacramento wnen the Lecisiature met.
"Oar president, Mrs. Peet," said she,
: "who is well equipped for labor in com
i mittee-room or drawing-room, and who
jean meet a lawmaker in Senate-chamber
j or C lurthouse, will see that our measures
\ get fair hearing. Our principal work will
Ibe on our 'corner grocery' bill. If it be
j comes a law the line will be sharply drawn
i between the business of the man who sells
j the public its necessary food and the
I other man who deals out alcoholic mix
{ tures.
"The corner grocery is an injury alike to j
the legitimate grocery business and to
society. The proprietor of the nonde- |
script place by his bar, his prosperous
! retail business in whisky and beer, can
| more than held his own with th- grocer
j proper. Tlie corner grocery is a menace
I to the neighborhood because it wili draw
! a custom that the saloon cannot reach.
j People will walk in past the stacks and I
shelves of groceries to the b3r in a back
room when they would not enter the
other place. Moreover, the corner ero
cery is a favorite Sunday lounging place
for young men and boys, the latter being
unable to frequent the saloon.
"Both elates go to this plp.ee because it
is freer and the drinks cheaper.
"Of course the corner grocery men will j
say such a Jaw i* unconstitutional, etc.,
but known as the Nicholson law in Indi
ana it has stood ail tests siuce it was en- !
acted, a number of years ago. The Supe
rior Courts have upheld it and the Su
preme Courts of that and thre- other
S:ates have confirmed it, and tue man
who sells groceries cannot retail intoxi
cating liquor?.
"Now, in regard to our other measure,
'the day of rest' " said Mr?. Spencer, "we
have no desire :o cross the corner of any-
Dody's belief reearding the Sabbath.
"We wish to leave every one free to rest
when convenient, but we want a Jaw that
! will let the laborer have one day in seven
to himself. By this a man workine by the
month cannot be forced to labor those j
thirty days witnout rest days. These will I
be vouchsafed him by law. Ido not think
any confusion will result from such a
law, as 1. once lived in a neighborhood
! wiiere there was a large number of bey-
I enth-Day Adventists. Their factory bells
and our church Dells, and vice versa.
would blend together ver5 r sweetly. While
! one pan of the community worked the
j other prayed, and peace abode there.
"The bill raising the age of consent
I from 14 to 18 passed last session un<!er
i such favorable auspices and with such a
i fine majority that we have no fears of our
success this year. Governor Budd should
J have signed the bill, and we rannot un
derstand why he iet it remain in his
pocket till too iate. If he haa let it be
come a law those North Beach fiends
would all probably have been sent to San
Quentin.
"The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union has mapped out its work, and it
will be true to its principles as the cham
pion of good morals."
A Can© in Point.
Under common law a man is forbidden
to maintain a nuisance on ius premises
which impairs the health, comfort or
property of his neighbor. By analogy it
would appear that international law for
bids a country to maintain a nuisance
which offends the yense ana outrages the
civilization of a neighboring country.
From this point of view Spain is indict
able before the court of nations for main
taining a nuisance in Cuba, and the United
States can be called as the prosecuting
witness.— New York Mail and Express.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
MEN TO FIGHT
IN CUBA'S ARMY
American Volunteers Sign
the Roll at Los
Angeles.
Colonel Nelson of the Island Re
cruiting a Company of
Soldiers.
Engages Them as Miners to Avoid
Vio'ating the Neutrality
Laws.
LOS ANGELES Cal.. Dec. 27.—"Want
ed —100 men to go to Flor ida to work in
the mines; ex-soldiers or sailors of the
United States army preferred. Address
Colonel Francis Nelson, llljtf West Third
street, Los Angeles."
This peculiarly worded advertisement
in a morning paper means more than is
indicated upon its face. The "ex-soldiers
or sailors of the army" are not wanted to
follow a peaceable vocation in Florida
mines. Theirs is to be a warlike mission;
they go to ficht for Cuba libre. Colonel
Nelson is recruitinc a company of volun
teers and is believed to be meeting with
great success.
The colonel is a man of good address
and well educated. He was visited this
morning by a Call representative, who
asked him at once if the men he was en
gaging were not to serve in Cuba's army
instead of in Florida mines. His reply
was:
"You probably know the importance of
the mining industry in Florida and may
draw your own conclusions. If people
want to make out that I want the men to
go to Cuba let them do 30. 1 do not
know of any law to prevent me or any one
else from hiring men and chartering cars
to take them to Florida or any other port
! of the United States to d g for coai, gold,
diamonds or clams, do yon ? I am a citi
zen of the United States, loyal to her flag
and laws, and while I regret that our
Government does not recognize the inde
pendence of Cuba I intend to obey the
laws as long as lam in this country. If I
leave it voluntarily 1 become responsible
for my own action and am willing to abide
| by the consequences.
"I was here last week and attended the
Cuban mass-meeting. The enthusiasm
displayed for Cuba libre encouraged me
and I concluded that there would be
plenty of men here who would make good
miners. I shall remain a few days an.d
see whether there are any who want to go
to Florida. If not, I will be able to en
gage all I want In San Francisco. I know
what I am doing and will not get into
trouble. I will not hire any man to go to
Cuba as lone as the neutrality laws forbid
it, but I can hire all I please to go to
Florida without fear of Government inter
ference."
The colonel said that he had been in
Cuba since the rebellion broke out and re
turned to the States because he thought
he could do more good for the cause here.
Those mines in Florida needed looking
after and he is busy skirmishing for men
to work them. Colonel Nelson arrived
from Guaymas, Mexico, last evening. He
claims to have taken 500 men from San
Francisco to Chile during the late unpleas
antness in that country, and says he was
wounded in the lelt side during the siege
of Valparaiso, though he makes no claim
to being a great military genius.
HOOD TRIES NEW TACTICS.
Secretly Warns Harbor Commissioners
That San Pedroites Have Detectives
Watching Them.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 27.—En
eineer Hood of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, who has had charge of that corpora
tion's fight on behalf of Huntington's pri
vate pier at Santa Monica before the
Government Harbor Coranv.ssioners, has
embarked in a private scheme of his own
which seems destined to get him into
some awkward situations. Bewildered by
the testimony of seamen respecting the
superiority of San Pedro over Santa Mon
ica as a deep-harbor site the engineer be
gan a secret attack on the friends of the
free harbor. A report of yesterday which
was at first treated as an idle rumor seems
to have had as its author none other than
Mr. Hood. The engineer had warned the
harbor board that its members were being
shadowed by detectives employed by the
free- harbor advocates.
When called down on this matter Hood
replied that he didn't know positively that
the Commissioners were being watched,
"but," said he, "that i 3 what our detec
tives say." The explanation would indi
cate that the "crime" of shadowing this
body is not confined to the San Pedro side,
but is one of the self-asserted privileges of
Hoed and Corthell.
The Free Harbor League is indignant
over Hood's charges and will demand an
accounting.
SHOOTING AT SAN GABRIEL.
Deputy Sheriff Snr-rrly Wounded While
Attempting an, Arrest.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 27.—Infor
mation was received to-night from San
Gabriel that Deputy Sheriff Wilson had
been shot and severely wounded while
attempting to arrest P. H. Morales.
The latter stabbed a man three months
ago and to-night Wilson tripd to arrest
him near Monrovia, about fifteen miles
from here. Morales shot the officer in the
thigh with a snotpun and managed to
escape. Sheriff Barr and a posse are in
pursuit.
Determined to Journey Hence.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Dec. 27.— Charles
Springer, a stage driver in pioneer days,
made a third attempt at suicide in the
United States Hotel last night. He was
found unconscious in his room this morn
ine, but his lifp was saved by hard work at
the Receiving Hospital. Springer declares
he will yet succeed in killing himself.
AN INNOCENT CULPRIT
It Fire* the Alarm Gun and Stirs Up
the Fort and Town.
Cape Town, South Africa, claims the
honor of possessing the smallest creature
ever known to have been a gunner in the
Royal Artillery, or any other artillery.
At the Castle, Cape Town, it appears there
is a magnificent gun worked by elec
tricity, used for gi7ing the midday and
evening time.
One day the military and civilians of
Cape Town were surprised to hear the gun
go off at half- past 10 in the morning. The
general commanding the station sent to
inquire what such irregularities meant;
the brigade major did the same. The
commanding officers of each reciment
and battery stationed in Cape Town sent
messengers, but uo ono could oe found
upon whom to lay tue blame. The officials
could give no explanation; they were as
much surprised as anybody.
The general in command of the station
became furious at such an unheard-of in
fringement of discipline. He was sure
there was mismanagement somewhere or
the act could not have been possible.
Strict search was ordered to be made, but
although the order was carried out to the
letter the culprit remained undiscovered.
Then, when ths search had been prac
tically abandoned, the little gunner was
accidentally discovered and arrested.
There he lay inside the instrument that
transmits the electric current from the
Royal Observatory of Cape Town to the
great gun. This instrument is called a
relay, and is in the central telegraph of
fice of the station. The action of the cur
rent going through the instrument's
main moves a sort of light tongue, which
is so finely set thai the slightest toucn will
affect it. The tongue forces the current
into what are termed the time fuses,
which fire the gun at the castle.
Right inside the relay was found the
little gunner. He was discovered by an
official who was examining the instru
ment and who was surprised to see inside
— a big brown spider. In its explorations
within the instrument the spider must
have touched the tongue sufficiently to
move it ami thus fired the gun.
The general sent the spider to tbe Cape
Town Museum, where it is now to be seen
with a card underneath entitling it "The
little gunner," and giving a full account
of its exploit with the Cape Town midday
gun.— Brockton Times.
RALLYING TO DO
HONOR TO BURNS
Caledonian Club Determined
to Have the Proposed
Monument.
The Bnilding Fund Will Probably
Reach Large and Generous Pro
portions Next Year.
lie dared to use the pointed qnlll
While others bowed the knee to power,
And Scotland ones a guerdon still
To Burns who leit her fairest, dower.
For there arp grander fields to fi?ht
Where man proclaim* ills hrotn«r's right,
And Sums, of poets leads the van,
Id simple ;r,uii that ina-.i v man.
"Robbie" Burns, he of world- wide fame,
though thousands of miles of land and sea
separate his native soil from t!ie western
remote end of the American continent, is
venerated in the memory of his brave
countrymen and by every American,
whether he be a reader or a hearer of
poetical effusions, for none there are who
have not committed to memory some lines
of the gifted "Robbie."
That a monument will be erected to his
memory in San Francisco is a foregone
conclusion, since the Caledonian Club has
determined to accomplish this purpose.
When a Scotchman makes up his mind to
do a thing he is going to do it if there
be any truth in the "History of a Grand
father," by Sir Walter Scott.
The officers of the Caledonian Club who
were recently elected will go into office on
the Ist of January. They are: D. R. Mc-
Neill, chief; John Reid, first, chieftain and
chairman of receptions at all meetincs
where the public is invited ; George David
son, second chieftain and treasurer; J. H.
Duncan, third chieftain and secretary; J.
W. Cameron, fourth chieftain and financial
secretary; J. A. J. Macdonald, physician ;
with John E. McFaline, A. Launstcn, M.
P. Forbes, D. H. Finnic and F. F. Finley
as a board of trustees.
They have set their minds on starting
subscriptions and the formation of a j
nucleus by which the groundwork for the ■
permanent organization of a working j
committee will be so firmly planted that '
there will be no such thing as a backward i
move.
Probably by the Ist day of January,
1900, a statue of Burns wili be erected.
The intention of the Scotch people of
California is to erect a statue to Burns
which will be far superior to any sculpture
yet placed in Golden Gate Park. The j
Caledonian Ciub will stand sponsor for
the undertaking. Yet all who wish to
honor one of the greatest of poets can do
so by assisting the Caledonians in their
undertaking.
This view of the situation has been ac
cepted by not only the St. Andrew's Soci
ety, which is a kindred branch of the
clans, but also the Knights of St. Patrick
and the Sons of St. George. For the lor
mer society F. T. Shea, the architect, at a
recent meeting volunteered the assistance
of that society to the good work, as the
Irish are almost as much in love with the
memory of the Scotch poet as are the
Scotchmen themselves. In speaking for
the Sons of St. George Mr. Oliver, the sec
retary, said that the Englishmen in San
Francisco wou'd not be backward when
the time comes for subscriptions.
On the suggestion of some interested
person made in a casual way, that it
would be a good idea to form a ladies'
auxiliary, D. R. McNeill has partially en
listed trie co-operat:oa of Mesdnmes
George Davidson, John Retd, J. S- Web
ster, Andrew McNear, Alexander C. Bal
lingall, D. A. Macdonald, Hugh Fraser,
John Elder, Adam Grant and Y. C. Law
son with others who are expected lo join
their auxiliary.
The husbands of all those ladies are
earnest advocates of the Burns monu
ment. Captains Bruce and Menzies may
be r-Jied upon to do their share of raising
tunds when they once get started in
earnest.
In addition to the already large-sized
nest-egg in the hands of Second Chieftain
George Davidson, as treasurer of the Cale
donian Club, the receipts from the next
annual picnic will be uevoted to the mon
ument exclusively, after deducting actual
expenses. This, with other plans ot Chief
McNeill will, before the year 1897 closes, !
■-cc a handsome Burns mounment fund
to the credit of the building committee
in one of the City banks.
As soon as the newly elected officers of
the Caledonian Club get installed next
month, positive action will be taken
to form, the necessary working commit
tees.
The Sultau and Electricity.
The Sultan seems to have a curious
mingled liking for and a dread of elec
tricity. Mr. Burgin tells in Cassell's
Magazine that nomo year* ago ho caused
to be erected in the groundi of Yildiz
Kiosk a small theatre lighted by incan
descent iamps. One day he saw the
workmen trenching the walls in order to
bury the wires leading from the engine
rooin to the theater, and stopped the
work, insisting that the wires should all
be placed in sight on pales, as he feared
that otherwise they might be used to pro
duce an explosion. He had also an elec
trical boat on a small lake, an English
dogcart driven by electricity, and a tiny
c ectrical tram car upholstered in blue
satin and gold, which runs in a circle.
It is said that ne has never yet ventured
inside any of these vehicles, and also that
be has forbidden the use of telephones in
Constantinople lest murderous conspi
racies should be devised over the wires.
TO CURE A COLi) IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists reiuud the luouey Uit tails to cure. *i>c
TOURNAMENT OF
ARMY ATHLETES
Four Great Field Days at
the Presidio in April
Next.
The Department Contests Will
Take Pi ace oa the Mounted
Drill Grounds.
A Grand Stand Will Be Constructed
to Seat Spectators— List of
the Events.
The board of United States army officers
recently appointed to devise a programme
of athletic events for a military tourna
ment of the Department of California has
prepared an elaborate report. The tour
nament will beein on the third Monday of
April and continue four days. It will be
held on the mounted-drill grounds of tlie
Jfresidio.
In order to accommodate spectators a
grand stand with a seating capacity for
1000 people will be erected on the field. It
has been decided to charge a fee of 10
cents for each ticket to the grand stand.
The prizes to be given will consist of
gold and silver medals. An individual
y, inning three times cannot compete again
except in his own class. A contestant
winning any department contest twice
shall be given a suitable gold medal and
be known as a distinguished athlete.
Tlie. board appointed Lieutenants Haan
and Croxion a committee to manage the
souvenir programme.
A committee was appointed to inter
view ttie managers of tue streetcar lines
connecting the Presidio with the City.
Funds to procure prizes will bo obtained
Irom various sources. Sums received
from the railroad companies, from adver
tisements in the souvenir programme,
from the post exchange and other chan
nels will be applied to the purchase of
medais.
In fixing the month of April as the
time for holding the tournament tbe com
mittee desired to cive teams an opportu
nity to organize and train. The weather
conditions oi that month are supposed to
be favorable to outdoor exhibitions. Pro
gressive merchants and. other public
spirited citizens of San Francisco may
join in the contributions to procure prizes
worthy of ttie highest competition.
The events at the Presidio promise to
enlist the attention of a multitude of peo
ple outside of army circles. To provide a
programme in which all the branches of
ttie service could be represented was a
task involving some study. The board, of
which Captain James S. Pettit is chair
man and .Lieutenant W. G. riaan is re
corder, has submitted the following pro
gramme:
100-yard run.
Running brotid jump.
440-yard run.
.Running high jump.
880-yard run.
I Pole vaulting for distance.
BriU-yara go-as-you please, in heavy march
ing order.
Throwing 16-pound hammer.
120-yard hurdle race, 10 hurdles 30 inches
high.
Tug-of-war— Not more than one team from
eacii post can be entered; hams to be of
eleven men each, nir.e men on rope, one an
chor and one captain; all the men in each
team must belong to the same company, troop
or battery; to be pulled on the level ground;
contestants to wear United States regulation
shoes; distance to be pulled, three feet, ortime
limit of live minutes.
Skirmish race, 200 yards— Eight 25-yard
lines; each contestant to be equipped in light
marching order, with forty rounus of blank
ammunition and to lire live shots, lying down,
at each line, using rifle, either as single loader
or magazine arm; not more than one man to
be entered from each company; non-commis
sioned oflicer to follow each contestant to see
that conditions have been complied wlih.
Equipment rai-e, 85 yards— Contestants to be
! equipped with liflu, blanket roll, belt arid 10
I rounds of ammunition, campaign hat, leg
| giiiirs and white gloves; to leave rifle at 10
! yards, gloves at 20, shelter nalves at 30,
blanket at 40, leggiii. s at 50, ammunition at
! GO, belt at TO, hat at 80, turn stake at 85, and
I returning to scratch replace ail equipments so
as to pass inspection.
Tent-pitching contest — Common tent, three
men to each ; pegs to be well driven; walls
rolled lor inspection; and ah men stand one
pace in front.
Kelay race— Teams of 10 men from same
company in two lines 50 yards apart; 5 men
on each side; message to becnrriedS complete
rounds or 50 yard> by each man.
B.cycle racu, 440 yards— Three men may en
ter from tho Presidio and one from each oi the
other posts in the department; L. A. W. racing
rules to govern.
Bayonet race— Five bayonets stuck in the
ground, 10 yards apart, to be gathered one at
I a lime, and placed on rifle at starting point;
| only one rifle to be used ; each bayonet to be
left* on until next is brought in; last one to be
left on rifle.
Scaling wall— Wooden wall, close-jointed,
with cap-piece 4 i nones wide; to be 10 feet
high, braced from the rear. Teams of 10 men
each; to be in light marching order; entire
team to get over with arms and equipments.
(Time contest.)
Hasty intrenching — Contestants to use bayo
* NEW TO-DAY.
.y f . _vJ^C.- -riif ' And Other Fains are Instantly
• »^BFjE??^rV3|#Ss «> Relieved and Cured by Dr.
"^^A^h^^^jW^iS^ Sanden's Electric Belt.
W/J^^^^^^^J^&S/^ \ TJNLIKE MOST COMPLAINTS WHICH
r^^V^DR SANDtNS^^^^^ give notice of their visitation, rheuma-
! kwv' Electric BELT v^^jltism is the most insidious. It steals upon
I J^^^iz*v' t' ' VTs>^Mllll its victim with the subtlety of a robber,
VUU |Tlir^^r^^t=r^^/9^1l!^ noton| rendering him helpless, but in-
. -^^y^sm<O§| A, "V^Z/^**^ ictin g tlie most insufferable agony.
.. <^ a> ?VL'^P^i > _y_j \-^f^^^^ 'Nothing in the realm of drugs or mcdi-
" cines Las been found to cure it, but it i 3
now an establish >M-z ed act that electricity gives instant relief, and quickly,
entirely eradicates ~§|>€~ ' the diseasa ; from the bod}'. Dr. Sanden's ; Improved
Electric Belts are .§Jst!|r£ made to meet every possible case of this terrible disease,
and we have many %^i^r? f thousands of grateful people cured in the city and neigh-
borhood, .who tes V? :**. ! tify to what we claim. "This belt is a complete battery—
so simple a child can .manipulate it, but giving powerful currents, felt by the wearer
and penetrating to every part of the body. .It is not expensive and is warranted. ,
A Red-Hot Pain Cured.
. . '.'■'. Office of A. C. Hammond, 152 Crocker Building,
, J San Frnnc:sco, November 12. 1896.
DRAT SANI)EN T — Dear Sir: I desire to make public thes> facts, which certainly ought
to be known. I got your famous Electric Belt about a month ago on account of a red-hot pain
which I had In my lelt kidney lor years. I was so bad during the past three years that I could
not rest on my left side. For two weeks I wore ; this Belt daily, and ; all .at once my old tor-
mentor seemed to leave me; the pain was gone, completely removed, ana I have enj .yed now
two weeks of greater health than I had known for years. I can now rest on my left side with-
out inconvenience, ana mv trouble is cured, all on account of this wonderful Belt. lam rec-
ommending it to all my friends. 1 loaned my Belt to one man, and it did him so, much good
in one night that he is going to get one. You will sell many other* to my friends. _
;-.«-' :■, •-- .;"•' Yours truly," -■ A. C. HAMMOND, 152 Crocker Building.
Dr. Sanden Invites You to Call.
It is a pleasure to Dr. Sanden to talk with the non-believers in the power of his
Belt, for in this way many are convinced by "scientific proofs who would go on from
year to year suffering from a curable disease. He will examine every patient free of
charge, and 'state honostly whether a cure is possible. He can gain nothing by mis-
leading a sufferer, as his best advertisement is the good he has done, and he will take
no case where his Belt is powerless to cure. ; He, therefore, invites a call or a letter
from all who are sick or weak, so that by personal study of '• the case he may lead his
patient to renewed heaith and happiness.; If you cannot; call r personally send for his
famous book, "Three Classes of Men," which is ; full of - clean,' wholesome tacts, ' and
hag the letters of hundreds of prominent men in all sections of the State who -hive
been cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Call or address
• - " : ■■'sAwpiiM'^BiißOTHio 00.. .." . : . .;;':.
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE > HOTEL, SAN, FRANCISCO.;
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. > Los , Angeles Office 204 South Broad ;
way: Portland, 1 Or., 253 Washington street.' ■ 3SS£gBgE* • •
NOTE.— Make no mistake in the number— 632 Market street.
vf?TnLi'iiiiMiiiii'i'ifsiiinriii w j mtwM i~ --■ ■ - -~ \ \--~~ ~- ' ■-■ - ■ ■-,--.'■■:-,- - ■
nets and tm cup or meat can ; contestantswins !
who makes most effective cover in five minutes.
Novelty race— Contestants to start at scratch;
rifles with bolts taken out and apart 100 yards
distant. Run to rifles, assemble bolt, tire cart
ridge and return to scratch.
Striking shelter tents— Two men in each tent
pitched, with blankets spread under them;
equipments on either side of tent. At signal,
strike tent, roll blankets in shelter halves, put
on equipments and run 10 paces to the tront.
MOUNTED EVENTS FOP. CAVALRY AND LIGHT AR
TILLERY.
Mounted hurdle race— '2oo yards; 4 brush
hurdies 3 feet in height, 50 ycrds apart; iiist
and last hurdles to be respectively 25 yards
from siart and h'nish of track; horses to be
equipped with bridle, blanket and surcingle;
•roopers to wear campaign hat, undrtss UDi
form and leggings.
Mounted High jump — 25-yard start; horses
to be saddled and bridled and troopers to be
clßd as above. (Same rules as in foot contests.)
Broadsword contest — Horses to be saddlea
and bridled; troopers to be equipped with
broadsword, giiuntlet, plastron and mask;
a paper plume to be attached to mask, the loss
of which will indicate defeat; opponents to be
drawn by lot.
Mounted gymnastics— School of the trooper,
at will, 10 minutes.
Mounted skirmish contest— Horses to be sad
dled and bridled; trooper to be armed wiih
carbine, revolver and saber; each trooper to
take track, draw saber, right and left cut
against infantry, return saber, diaw pistol,
fire five shots to ridit and left front, hali,
throw horse nDd magazine lire from over
horse. (Time contest.)
Mounted wrestling match— Competitors to
be paired by lot; disqualification for foul;
four competitors from each iroop: bareback.
Tug of war, mounted— Team*;: one captain
and five competitors. Each troop to be repre
sented; limiting lines ten yards; each team to
be in column, facing in the direction ot pull ;
horses three yards from head to croup; no
Sarticipant to catch hold of the mane of the
orse nor of the saddle.
Equipment race— Competitors to be placed
in line, with leggings and spurs within reach;
saddles, etc., to be fifty yards therefrom; at
trumpet call each competitor to Dut on leg
gings and spurs, go to saddle, make blanket
roll, pack on cantle of saddle, fold saddle blan
ket, take equipment to horse (to be fifty yards
from line oi saddle*), equip horse, mount and
go io starting poitn. I'rize lor neatness and
dispatch.
LIGHT ARTILLERY CONTESTS.
Wheel race, 100 yards— Each man to roll a
spare; light artillery wheel; 100 yards.
Gun-detachment contest— Gun limbered with
out horses; unlimber, dismount piece and car
riage, mount and lire one shot. (Time con
test.)
Section contest — Four-horse t3am, hitched;
come into action to the right, fire two shots,
change piece, wheel with spare wheel, and re
tire to starting point. (Time contest.)
Platoon contest— Four-horse teams; horses
are on picket-line in park, 250 yards from
firing-line; harness on poles; at signal har
ness, hitch, advance to liring-line, Cume into
action to the front, fire four shots, then fire to
right, changing front to rear on right piece,
and fire three shots; limber up and return to
park.
Drivers' contest— Field is 300 yards long, 50
yards wide; on north and south ends are four j
posts on corners of the square, the diago
nals of which are ten feet; on each side are
two posts, seven feet apurt; four-horse team
hitched to piece, start from center, move to
the right oblique, pass between four posts at
north end, mating left wheel, pass between
two posts on west side and between four on
south end by left wheel, obliquing to the left
oblique, pass between the four at the north
end oy right wheel, then pass between two on
east side and between tne four on south end
by right whee:, halt in the center; for each
post knocked down five seconds will be added
to the time of executing the movement; team
making best time takes first pr:ze.
Battery contrst— Execute six movements by
signal, firing during the movements sixteen
blank Cartridges, lo be judged by three ofli
cers who have served in the light artillery.
General James Biddle, U. S. A., who
was colonel of the Ninth Cavalry when he
was retired a few days since, is in San
Francisco. General Biddle is a Pennsyl
vanian by birth, but entered the array in
1861 as a commissioned officer of the
Tenth New York Infantry Volunteers.
He wa< appointed captain of the Fif
teenth United States Infantry in August,
1861. He was brevetled major in Septem
ber, 1861, for gallant condW atßichmond,
Ky. He was brevetted lieutenant-colonel
in December, 1864, for bravery on the field
at Nashville, Term., and in 1865 brevetted
brigadier-general of volunteers for gallant
service throughout the war.
The programme of lyceum instruction
at Angel Island for the season of 1897 has
been submitted to the department com
mander. On February 9 Lieutenant Wil
son will read a paper on the present or
ganization and equipment of the Spanish
army.
A board of officers consisting of Captain
Sedgwick Pratt and First Lieutenants
Charles W. Hobbs and B. H. Randolph,
Third Artillery, has been appointed to
meet at the Presidio upon the resumption
oi drills with the 12-inch breech-loading
rifle and 12-inch breech-loading mortar.
The board will examine and test manuals
ior these piece*.
Notice has been (riven that enlistments
wili not be received at present for the
First, Second, Fifth and Seventh cavalry
regiments and t^e Fifth, Sixth. Seventh,
Eleventh, Fourteenth, Sixteenth, Seven
teenth, Eighteenth and Nineteenth infan
try regiments.
NONSENSE ABOUT SNAKES.
As an illustration of the belief in the
transformation of human beings into ser
pents, I will relate a circumstance said to
have occurred during the first half of the
present century. Near Trexlertown, Le
high County, dwelt a farmer named Wel
ler. His wife and three daughters had,
by some means or other, incurred the en
mity of a witch who lived but a short dis
tance away, when the latter, it is sup
posed, took revenge in the following
manner: Whenever visitors came to
the Weller residence the girls, with
out any premonition whatever, would sud
denly be changed into snakes, and after
crawling back and forth along the top
ridge of the wainscoting for several min
utes they were restored to their natural
form. This curious transformation oc
curred quite frequently and the circum
stance soon attained widespread notoriety.
About the end of the third month the
speli was broken and everything went on
as before.
Another popular fallacy is the existence
of the hoopsnake. This creature is usually
reported as capable of graspm,' the tip of
its tail with its mouth and like a hoop
running swiftly alorq in pursuit of an un
welcome intruder. This snaku is believed
furthermore to have uiiuii its tail a short,
poisonous horn Ike a cock's s-pur, and if
it should strike any living creature death
would result. The stones concerning tn:s
marvelous snake usually en.i with the
statement that Ibe person pursued barely
escapes and that the snake s:rikes a trea
instead, causing it to wither and die.—
Popular Science Monthly.
NEW TO-DAY.
It Makes
The Man
Apparel of our tailoring pro-
claims the wearer a man of
taste in dress, and a good judge
of values.
We make to order, from the
very best all-wool fabrics, suits
second to none in the world, for
SlO to $20
— half what the ordinary tailor
charges.
We have experienced, skilled
! cutters, insuring the latest style
i and perfect fit ; linings and
j trimmings first-class ; careful,
| honest workmanship at every
; point.
All suits kept in repair free
j of charge one year.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(Columbian Woolen Mills),
| 541 Market St., and
Cor. Powell & Eddy Sts.
DR. COOK CURES
■ Nervousness,
U&^T^^^K Night Emissions,
WssP \ Im P otenc y»
&nmi -^^^^^ -Lost Manhood,
§ Gonorrhoea,
Impotency,
Gonorrhoea,
Stricture,
ffiP^^Mß^s^* ( *^" tiydrocele.
DOCTOR COOK is also an expert
on Female Complaints, Piles, Rupture,
Rheumatism, Catarrh, Blood and Skin
Diseases and all Functional Diseases of the
Heart, Lungs. Liver, Stomach, Kidneys,
Bladder and Urinary Organs.
X.Ray Examinations scientifi-
cally conducted, and Electricity given
when beneficial results may be thereby
obtained.
Office hours: 9to 12 a. m. and 2to 5 and
7toB p. M. ; Sundays 10 to 12 a. m. only.
If you cannot call write. Mail treatment
always satisfactory. Free Book on men's
diseases to ail describing their troubles.
Address « ...
DOCTOR COOK^Se'SV B^.
13 \3\J 1 Uli \j\J U Ji. San Francisco. Cal.
L.' A. Bertellng Pres. H. Xordman, Vice-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Sec. . Jos. Nordruan,' Treat.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled.
We have no rivals. We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work tor succ-ss. .
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The. GRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OIM£N I'Mlb UIUNIUUr.
I)R.MULTY.
THIS WF.r.LKXOWX AND RKLrABLE Or.D
X SpecliilLst cures rrivnte, Nervous, S!;in
Dise;iseB of Men only. . Manly Power restored. Over
20years' experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
(telly; 6:3o toB.Soev'KS. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tlou free and s:icrediy confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McNCLTT, M. I>.,
26'^ Kcim.r Slrrcl , Kan Francisco, Cal.
« r^*sS^^Ss*»>2*'-iS * ?i!? * J is a aon-poi*onous
tyl/fiSCSSi** '***fewß l ! remedy . for ; Gonorrhoea,
/ff&lrV IKK 11 !^! Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
MBl& in 1 tos<!sy§.^a Whiten, unnatural da
JtHtiCr Gnruictil V charge**, or any influzntna-
mw»S nit to itrioture. tion, irritation or nlion-
4Pro>eau contagion. tion of vi cons mom-
K^VheEvANS CHcMiCit Pp. francs. Non-aatringen-.
IfjPkCINCINNATI.O HP B Sold by Drnntist-,
VUL u.s. A vJfer or STit in plain "T-rp? l -
-/ißnFw>i " _^£rf* *by express, prepaid, i*s
■VSSM&llrfg&Wa i\ M >- or 3 bottles, C3.7->
•^■BiCa3**^i 63 Circular seor or ■"; (KKc.
E.^patents! 3
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U&K DAMIAXA IJITTEKS, THR
great ■ Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
quengib to the Sexual Orzu&s.
56
MONDAY .DKCISMBEB 28. 1896
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDdE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
{felly acd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0. II i
pally and fcnnday Caix, on* yew, by mall — 64» ,
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.80
Daily and Sunday Call, one month* by mail- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. • 1-50
V* UXX.Y Call, one year, by mail »•« I*M
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Fan Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay bireeu
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFHCES:
rV7 jrcntpomery ureet. corner Clay;, open until
1 rr clock.
Jre Hayes street: open ontn 9:30 o'cJocfc
513 Lark! a street: open until 9:30 o'cloclc.
k V .ccreer bixteentli and Mission sireeii; open
H.IU i C'ClOCk.
, 161k illation street: oppn nntn 9 o'clock.
,t7 •^.u. tirett ; open until 9 o'cloc*.
■• i-sa*c; sin.-t.-t, open till 9 o'clocif.
OAKLAND OFFICE
MM Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms n and 82, 34 Park Bow, Sew YOTIC City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, .Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
To work once more.
It is the New Year's novelty now.
Politicians are getting their axes ready.
Legislative work is being cut ont in ad
vance.
It begins to look as if the funding bill
had been treed.
Tne bargain has now become a greater
bargain than ever.
State politics will now divide attention
with that of the Nation.
Up in Sacramento they are putting any
old thing in shape for a boarding-house.
It would not be a bad thing to recognize
Cuba just to see what Europe would do
about it.
Bryan's lecture tour hardly means busi
ness in a political .^etise, but there is
money in it lor him.
No legislator-elect ha 9 hr.d to advertise
for somebody to tell him what to do when
he gets to Sacramento.
The winter will fly fast, McKinley will
come :u with the spring and Cleveland
Will go out with the boreal blasts.
It is worth noting that there is no sign
of '•Lexowiiii:" visible on tlie horizon of
any State m the Union this winter.
If public opinion h;»s any weight with
the Legislature it will make business and
economy the watchwords of the session.
If any man in the country got a Cabinet
chair in his Christmas stocking it is time
for him to speak up and let the fact be
known.
There is a big trade for us in the Orient
and in South America provided we ?end
ships for it, but it is not going to swim
our way.
The street- lichtir.g movement beean
before the holidays and will survive
them. We are still going forward to
graud illuminations.
This Congress prepares the tariff bill
and the next one will vote on it. In that
way the Republican party wiil restore pro
tection pretty pronto.
It would not be a very surprising thing
if Cape Colony should make an alliance
with the Transvaal and force England to
get out of ttjat part of Africa altogether.
In som* respects it is to be regretted we
are to have a session ot the Legislature
this winter. There is bo much harmony
in tbe State at present it is a pity to
spoil it.
The people of California are virtually
harmonious on the Cabinet question.
They have named several good men for
the place and will be satisfied if either is
chosen.
There should be an earnest effort made
to get a Nicaragua canal bill through Con
presa this winter. That is one of the
things which are not only worth having
but worth working for.
By way of variety the discussion of the
Cuban question might be changed from a
dispixte as to whether we shall recognize
Cuba to whether we shall continue to
recognize Spain as a civilized country.
Between Senator Allen and Senator
Peffer there is going to be this winter the
rivalry of two monkeys on ths same pole,
and while it may be strictly amusing at
the beginning it is liable to wind up with
a scrimmage that will make the fur fly.
Bayard should be recalled to Washing
ton in time to receive Liliuokalani, as he
is the only American in oflicial life who
could perform the function with sufficient
subservience to please her without stum
bling over his own self-respect or stepping
on his record.
General Cozey, who has gone to Wash
ington to make a fi^ht for good roads ar.d
non-interest bearing bonds, is said to be
sporting extra larce cuff buttons bearing
the inscription, "Keep off the grass." We
know, of course, where he cot the legend,
bat where did he get the cuffs?
Evidence given in an lowa divorce case
shows that a farmer of that State who ad
vertised for a wife received applications
from sixty women in De 3 Moines. On
this showing it seems full time for the
lowa Legislature to establish a matrimo
nial bureau aud offer bounties ior hus
bands.
It :a reported that the Canadian Gor
ernment is not satisfied witn tbe way in
which the interests of that country are
looked after at Washington by the British
Embassador and will try io arrange to
have a representative of Canada received
by our Government. This would be a
long step toward Canadian independence
and it might be worth while for us to en
courage it.
Milwaukee proposes to hold an exposi
tion in celebration of the semi-centennial
of the admission of Wisconsin to the
Union and by way of a novelty will ar
range to make the exhibits in a colossal
building constructed in imitation of tbe
hanging gardens of Babylon. It is be
lieved that such a structure can be raised
without excessive cost, and it would cer
tainly make a grand show place for a
summer fair.
TARIFF-MAKING.
The methods which have been adopted
by Republican leaders to provide the
country as speedily as possiDia with a new
tariff have been subjected by the free
traders to a great deal of adverse criticism.
This, of course, was to be expected. The
people, however, wiil have no objection to
the methods if the tariff itself is good, and
oi" that there is fortunately very little
room for doubt.
It will be conceded it is somewhat ex
traordinary for the Ways and Meaus Com
mittee of one Congress to prepare a tariff
bill which is to be submitted to another.
Public necessity, however, calls for such
action. It is advisable that a tariff should
be prepared and ready for submission to
the next Congress as soon as it can be
called together. It must therefore be made
up this winter, in order that when tbe
extra session of the incoming Congress as
sembles in the spring it can be reported at
once. By this plan it is believed we can
have a new tariff before the end of June
and the industries of the country be placed
once more under the protection necessary
to their welfare.
In order to further facilitate the work,
tbe committee has decided to hold hear
ings on all the industries of the country
before beginning to make up the schedules.
These hearings began on December 28 and
wiil close January 2. This limitation of
time allows little opportunity for discus
sion, but it is ample for obtaining infor
mation. The members of the committee,
it must be borne in mina, are already well
versed in the relations of tariff systems to
industries, and within the period fixed
they can readily obtain any special knowl
edge they may desire concerning the needs
and requirements of any of the workers
of the country.
As soon as the hearings are over the
work of framing the tariff will begin.
Then will be the period of discussion.
The conditions of the Nation are quite
different now from what they were when
the McKinley tariff was framed. In those
days we had a surplus, but now we have a
deficif. The object of the former tariff
makers was to reduce the revenue. The
object at present is to increase it. Then
it wa3 thought that protection to Amer
ican industry was ample when it
guarded against European competition.
We must now in many industries guard
against tbe competition of the Orient.
In addition to these changes in regard
to National revenues and home industries,
there is another change to be considered.
The tariff-maKers must provide in some
way for a more liberal encouragement of
our merchant marine than has been given
in the past. This is an important subject
and wiil require careful consideration. It
will be seen therefore that ths Republican
leaders have acted wieely in beginning
the work this winter. It mRy be impos
sible for the present Congress to pass a
tariff bill, but none the less is it doing
good and proper work in providing such a
bill for the immediate action of the next
Congress. _^^^^_______
VENEZUELA SATISFIED.
Although Senor Jose Andrade on his
arrival at New York on Saturday made no
direct statement of the results of his visit
to Venezuela he said enough to give as
surance that not only the Government but
the people of that country are well satis
fied with the treaty arranged between the
United States and Great Britain to settle
the long-disputed boundary between Vene
zuela and British Guiana.
When the treaty was first announced
there was naturally some discontent
among the Venezuelans because their
country was not given the representation
among the arbitrators which the impor
tance of the question to them would seem
to demand. This feeling, however, van
ished upon a fuller consideration of the
subject and the Venezuelans are now
agreed to leave their cause in the hands
of the United States.
As an illustration of the view taken cf
the treaty by the leaders of public opin
ion in Venezuela Senor Andrade gave to a
reporter a copy of the Venezuelan Herald,
which in discussing the issue aaid :
It is In all essential particulars the same
treaty offered by Venezuela forty years ago to
Great Briia n. which Great Britain refused.
Under the fifty years' clause the only territory
which Great Britain will have is the settle
ments between the Essequibo and Pomeroon
rivers. The fifty years' clause will exclude
Great Britain from the Orinoco country and
the Cuyni Rivei, which is the portion of the
country that Venezuela has been especially
desirous of keeping.
It appears from this that Senor Andrade
has returned to his post of Minister from
Venezuela to this country fully authorized
by his Government to give assent to the
treaty. The issue, therefore, may be con
sidered as virtually closed. It is the one
success of the Cleveland administration,
and has shown in a striking manner what
this country can do in the way of pro
tecting all American countries from for
eign aggression whenever our Government
chooses to exert its power with vigor and
resolution.
The effect of the successful conclusion
of this action on our part will be felt in
many ways. One of the best results will
be ths increasing friendliness of South
American peoples toward our country.
Oat of that sentiment there will come a
more earnest desire for reciprocity of
trade relations, and tbe time may not be
far distant when we shall realize the great
policy of Elaine in tlie establishment of
a Pan-American alliance of the most far
reaching character.
PHELPS ON CUBA.
Tbe statement of ex-Minister Phelps
sustaining the position taken by the ad
ministration in repard to Cuban affairs
sums up very clearly in a single paragraph
the whole argument against recognizing
the independence of the island. Mr.
Phelps says:
The rebels in Cuba have no organized gov
ernment and not even an abiding place which
they can call their own. They are merely a
guerrilla force, which would be speedily an
nihilated if it allowed Itself to be drawn into a
general engagement with the much superior
Spanish army. It preserves its existence by its
dexterity in avoiding such an engagement. It
would be absurd to say that such a force con
stitute! a government, or that the Spanish
government in Cuba has been overthrown, or
that any diplomatic relations could exist be
tween the rebels and the Government of the
United States.
It will be seen that this statement reduces
the issue to a question of facts. The con
troversy turns wholly upon whether the
Cuban patriots have as yet succeeded in
establishing anything which can be fairly
esteemed an organized government. It
will be contended by the advocates of Cuba
that they have done so. It will be pointed
out that the Cubans have maintained their
supremacy over three-fourths of the
island, have organized for themselves a
form of government which they obey and
whose laws they enforce, and, moreover,
have in the field an army which toe
Spaniards are powerless to overcome. The
issue then is to determine which cf these
opposing views of the Cuban situation is
the correct one, and it would seem that
the only proper way to settle it would be
by taking the testimony ot American
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1596.
Consuls and other Americans of repute
residing in the island.
The report on Cuban affairs submitted
to the Senate by tbe Committee on For
eign Relations declared unequivocally that
the patriots have in Cuba a sufficient gov- !
eminent to justify its recognition by tbe
people of this country. The report, how
ever, did not set forth the facts upon
which that opinion was based. It is j
hardly likely that the Senate had any in
formation which was not elso possessed I
by the Secretary of State. The on.'y cer- i
tain conclusion lo be drawn from their
opposing views, therefore, is that the ]
situation in Cuba i 3 too uncertain for any- j
thing definite to be known about it.
This being the condition of affairs as it
is presented to the people from official
sources, it is probable that Congress will j
hesitate to recognize the indeDendence of
the island unless something shoala bap- j
pen which will impel the members of that
body to act from sentiments of sympathy
rather than in accordance with estab
lished diplomacy. A strong argument
can be made for recognizing the inde
pendence oi tbe patriots on the ground of
humanity. Such action would be the
first step in the direction of putting an
end to the struggle already prolonged
until it has become a butchery rather
than a war. If we venture to interfere on
this ground, however, we shall set up a
precedent which we will not be able to
follow in future cases. Strong as are the
sympathies of the American people with
oppressed Humanity, we can hardly ven
ture upon the ta-k of rigbtine all the ills
of the world and crushing oppression
wherever it appears.
RHODES' DEFIANCE.
The two speeches delivered by C£cil
Rhodes at Port El.zabeth when on his
way to England signify that the great
man of Soath Africa still feels himself
strong enough to cheer his friends and
hurl defiance at his foes. Though he is
called to London to give testimony con
cerning the Jameson raid and explain his
share in it, it is evident he feels no fear
of the result He is going not as a dis
comfited leader to apologize for past mis
takes, but rather like a gladiator to an
arena in which he expects a triumph.
The most significant passage in the
speeches was that in which Mr. Rhodes
said the people of South Africa should lay
aside race prejudices and devote them
selves to the task of making a unified
population working together for the up
building of the great country which they
occupy. Whether this meant a policy of
conciliating the Boers is not certain, but
it sounds like it. It made clear at any
rate that the aim of Mr. Rhodes is to
bring all the diverse races of South Africa
into harmony with his policy of develop
ing that country and making it sufficiently
strong to be virtually independent.
Incidentally, he made pubiic an inter
esting piece of history in stating that
some years ago, when Parnell was leading
the Irish movement, Rhodes contributed
$50,000 to the Irish fund and entered into
an alliance with Parnell by which the
latter agreed that in making the fight for
home rule for Ireland he would also en
deavor to obtain representation in the
British Parliament for all colonies that
desired it.
Had Parnell lived and succeeded in car
rying out this agreement Mr. Rhodes
would now have in Parliament a repre
sentative to defend his interest 3 there and
would be in a much better position to
make the battle which confronts him.
The plan failed, but it is none the less in
teresting, because it shows that even in
those days Rhodes had vast designs which
he iatendrd to carry ont and which made
it important for him to have strong al
lies in the British Parliament as well as in
that of Cape Colony.
It is certainly a wonderful future that
lies before South Africa. She has great
resources and vast possibilities. More
than that she has in Mr. Rhodes a man
who thoroughly understands her people,
is in full sympathy with her highest as
pirations and has shown extraor
dinary ability in carrying out all that he
undertakes. Ihe raid into the Transvaal
was a blunder which would have crustied
a weak man anu ruined the influence of
any ordinary statesman who was con
nected with it. That Rhodes has tri
umphed over such a disaster is conclusive
eviience of hia native strength of charac
ter, fertility of resource and capacity to
retain his friends and bis following even
nuder the most adverse circumstance?.
Such a man is never beaten so long as
be is alive. Cecil Rhodes has a great part
yet to ulay in the development of the
British Empire and, in all probability,
one of the most dramatic portions of his
eventful history will bs exhibited when
he appears in England before the investi
gating committee whose "unctuous recti
tude" he declared he very well under
stands.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
Uruguay, which now owns two small gun
boats, is aspiring to have a navy, and has or
dered a torpedo-catcher of 1200 tons and a
small cruiser of 1800 tons register.
Two 32-knot torpedo-boat destroyers are
being built by Schiehan at Elbing, Germany •
for China.; They will have engines of 0000,
horsepower and are to be completed within
thirteen months, i '
The British battle-ship Majestic has recently
undergone a series of progressive trials, the
means of three runs of 23 miles each giving
16.83 knots and 11,800 horsepower. ; The speed
was somewhat retarded by a heavy sea and
strong wind.
: Emperor William has ordered that hence
forth all new first, second and third class ar
morclads and cruisers shall <be armed i with
9>£, 8/48 /4 and 0 inch quick-firing guns. The
maximum caliber has hitherto ' been only
6-iuch. 'Ihe new gun of the latter caliber can
pierce plates 18 inches thick; the B^-lnch
will probably penetrate 25 inches, and the 'J] 2 
inch gun will perforate plates of 27 inches'
thickness.
France's naval budget, which was passed by
the Chamber of Deputies on December' 16,
gives much satisfaction to the public. : One of
the most ; important features of the bill as
passed is the reorganization of ; the Superior
Council of the navy, which will be a perma
nent committee of naval experts authorized
to carry out a naval programme; independent
of the personal preferences of any one Minis
ter and beyond. the reach of political or Par
liamentary Influences.
: The . return • made ' to ". Parliament of , courts
martial in the British navy held last year con
tains some very ugly figures : There were 70
accused of embezzlement, 01 for striking or
attempting to strike superior officers, 56 for
willful disobedience, 33 with contempt toward
superior officers, 13 for leaving post improper
ly and 13 for desertion.' The first three charges
are of extremely rare occurrence in our navy,
while the last -charge, desertion, is quite fre
quent, especially against marines and lands
men. ■ .:'. ~~~\- .-
L The .Baltic-North feea canal was recently
blocked for three weeks by the sinking of a
small merchant steamer. This mishap raises
serious doubts of the use of : the canal in war
time. At any ; threatened outbreak of war a
ship : belonging to the enemy which happened
to be passing. through the canal could be pur
posely sunk and block the passage for several
weeks. Just as disastrous * would bo a night
attack and explosion of , one of the canal
bridges, locks or embankments., The only pre
ventive would be the prohibition i of private
ship traffic 1 at the time when war was threat
ened, and all the ships which happened to be
in the canal wonld have to be occupied by
troops. Thus the canal, as an aid to Germany's
navy, is of dubious utility, and iv commercial
value, according to the tirst year's report, is
far below the estimates, the receipts amount
ing to only 8&7.451 marks, against the esti
mate oi 5,000,000 marks.
Contracts for three first-class British cruisers
of 11.0C0 tons have been awarded to the well
known firms of Fairtield on the Clyde, Naval
Construction Company at Barrow and J. <fc
G. Thomsom, Clydebank. These cruisers will
be named Argonaut, Amphitrite and Ariadne,
respectively, and are to attain a speed of 20%
knots on 13,000 horsepower. The engines will
be triple-expa'isioi), aad steam will be gener
ated in thirty Belleville boilers carrying 300
pounds of steam and having an eggreg&te
heating surface oi 107,850 square feet and
1390 square feet grate surface. The total
weight of engines and boilers is fixed at 1525
toas. The armament xrill consist of sixteen
6-inch quick-firers, twelre 12- pounders and
three 3-pounder quick-firers an<l eight Maxim
guns. The dimensions of these ships will be
435 feet lentrth on water line, 69 feet beam
and 25 feet 6 inches mean draught. They viL
be teak-sheathed and coppered.
PERSONAL.
L. A. Fulkerth, a Modesto attorney, is at the
Grand.
J. C. Hartman, a merchant of Merced, Is at
the Grand.
W.T. Porter, a Fresno lawyer, is at the Lick
with his wife.
L. Hirshfeld, a merchant at Bakersfield, is a
guest at the Lick.
D. Leppo, a merchant of Santa Rosa, is a late
arrival at the Grand.
0. B. Randall and wife oi Merced are at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
F. T. Knewing of Oakdaie Is in town. He has
a room at the Grand.
Henry M. Ayer, an extensive cattle-raiser of
Tuscou, Ariz., is at the Lick. '
J. H. Dockweiler and F. M. Nlckell, both of
Los Angeles, are at tbe Palace.
Mayor-elect M. P. Snyder of Los Apgeles ar
rived from the south yesterday.
H. Radin, a merchant of Fresno, is among
the late arrivals at tne Ba'.dwiu.
A. S. White, a mining maa of Soaora, is in
town and has rooms at the Lick.
M. Proveners, a mining man of Grass Valley,
is registered at the Russ with his wife.
State Senator B. F. Langford is down from
Stockton and is registered at the Palace.
Albert J. Herram of Cripple Creek arrived
hero yesterday and put up at the Palace.
W. F. George and J. L. Gillis, two attorneys
at-law of Sacramento, are guests at the Grand.
Joseph Melczer, one of Los Angeles' mer
chants, is among tbe recent arrivals at the
Lick.
L. P. Behrens of Redwood, cashier of the
Redwood Bank, arrived at the Grand last
night.
George W. Durbrow, superintendent of the
big salt works at Salton, is visiting at the
Palace.
William A. Junker, chief clerk of the Hotel
del Monte, is spending a few days at the
Palace.
H. H. Unruh, Baldwin's manager, returned
to the city yesterday from, a visit to Los
Angeles.
Thomas R. Minturn, an orchardist and ex
tensive property-owner of Minturu, is at the
Occidental.
John T. Beake, a merchant of Kansas City,
Mo., arrived from the East yesterday. Ho is
at the Palace.
A. Rubenstein, a merchant of Fresno, is in
town on business and Is making tbe Russ his
temporary home.
Mrs. I.F. Westlake and Miss I. Westlake of
San Jose are visiting in UM City and stopping
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
1. F. Summers and I. E. Summers, having
large mining interests in Tuolumne County,
are guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Captain E. V. White of the Honolulu Guard
returned to the Occidental yesterday with his
wife and children from a trip to Monterey.
Deputy Sheriff John Dunlap of Placer
County is at the Grand, registered from Mich
igan Bluff. He is accompanied by J. E. Walsh,
a deputy from Auburn.
Mrs. E. A. Ladd of Lowell, Mass., accom
panied by Mrs. S. A. Abbey of Keno, Nev., ar
rived in the City yesterday and registered at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
N . E. Bieber of London arrived from tne East
last night, en route to Peru, where he is to in
spect some gold mines for an English syndi
cate. He Is staying at the Palace.
A. W. Shoemaker, city freight agent of the
Denver and Rio Grande Railroad at Denver,
Colo., arrived here last night, accompanied by
his wife. They are at the Palace.
C. F. Smurr, general freight agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, returned last
night on tin* late overland after a visit to New
York and Chicago on railroad business.
E. C. Crane, a prominent Chicago railroad
man, arrived at the Palace last night on his
bridal trip. He is accompanied by his sister,
Mrs. M. C. Hawley of Seneca Fails, N. Y.
M- C. Pennington of Portland, Ore., one of
the officials of the Pullman Palace Car Com
pany, arrived here yesterday from the north,
and has quarters at the Grand.
Charles B. Darling of the Army and Navy
Register, published in Washington, D. C, ar
rived at the Pal&ce last night iv the interests
ot the weekly paper he represents, the official
publication of the army and navy. After
leaving here he will make a tour of the de
partment of Texas, and will visit army posts
in Colorado in search of special news.
ACQUIESCENCE.
The pictures of ihe Might-have-been
Before our mental visions dance;
How, while we supped at Idle lon,
Ueiore the gate passed Fleeiiug Cbas.ce ;
How, while we loitered by the stream
And listened to the zephyrs sigh,
Along the hichway on to Fame
Ureal Opportunity sped by;
How, though 1 were morning bright and clear,
We yielded unto sleep once more.
And consequently falhd to hear
Good Fortune knocking at our door.
And yet. the while we've had our ease,
Calm joys without Ambition's stress —
Ah! it U better to know these
Than wield the scepter of Success.
Wood Levettk W iwon In life.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"You can't catch that new minister of ours
a-napplng."
"What has he done?"
"He preached a sermon last Sunday on
"Plagiarism ia the Bible."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Tuttle— The professor finds it impossible to
get away from his vork.
Newton— ls that so?
Tuttle— Yes, he went to the seashore and the
first thing he struck was a school of fish.—Tex
as Sifter.
Counsel— Well, after the witness gave you a
blow, what happened?
Prisoner— He gave me a third one.
Counsel — You mean a second one?
Prisoner— No, sir; I landed him the second
one.— Fun.
"These Eskimos up in Alaska have good,
sound common sense."
"How so?"
"Why, when they fall in love with a girl they
announce it by sending her a sealskin sacque."
—Chicago Kecord.
"Say, paw, is it anything to brag about when
you don't do something you can't do?"
"I'm inclined to think not. Why do you
ask?"
"'Cause, I've just been readln' that cherry
tree story 'bout Wasnin'tou."
Reginald— How stupid Miss Jennings is! I
took her in to dinner the other night, and she
never said a word.
Jack— You were in luck, old fellow. She
wasn't nearly as stupid as she would have
been if she had talked.— Harper's Bazar.
Curious Tourist— What are you fishing for?
Farmer's Boy— Fish.
Curious Tourist— What do you use?
Farmer's Boy— Bait.
Curious Tourist— How do they bite?
Farmer's Boy — With their moutus.— New
York Advertiser.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Elbridge Chamberlain Damon, Republican i
Assemblyman-elect from Humboldt County,
is visiting friends in this City, and will leave
for Sacramento next Wednesday.
He is a prominent dairyman in his county,
and this will be bis first experience as a legis
lator. His county had a normal majority of
233 fusionists and Democrats, and Mr. Damon
had no doubt that he would be beaten; but to
his surprise he received a majority of 400.
Last election, two years ago, the county gave a
plurality for Webster, Populist candidate for
Governor.
"Protection carried the county for the Re-
ELBRIDGE CHAMBERLAIN DAMON.
i
publicans," said Mr. Damon. "Our very life
depends on the protection of lumber and
wool. It was a business proposition with us.
One of onr sheepmen got a letter from his
wool merchant in San Francisco saying that
if McKinley was elected he would guarantee
to pay 9 cents per pound for wool, while if
Bryan was elected he wouldn't want the wool
at all. Every Republican candidate in the
county was elected except one Supervisor."
Mr. Damon added that the dairymen wanted
a good deal ot protective legislation from this
Legislature, especially against losses by con
demnation and slaughter of cows bj orderof
health inspectors. A man who made his liv
ing out of ten cows would be impoverished
by ihe condemnation of three or four of the
animals, whereas the owner of 100 or more
wonid not feel the loss. Ithad been suggested
that the State should compensate the owners
of condemned animals, say at the rate of $10
or $15 each.
There Is also a movement on foot looking
toward legislation for the establishment of a
dairy school.
"You cannot get in this town," said Mr.
Damon, "a first-class butter and cheese maker.
If your cheescmaker up there should happen
to die you could not find a man to even tem
porarily fill his place."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mr. Gladstone is disappointed at the small
sale of bis edition of Bishop Butler, only
2000 copies having been sold.
Tbe present Czar cultivates his tenor voice
when he nas time; his father played the trom
bone and his great grandfather whistled.
The handle is missing from the Washington
cnerry-tree hatchet recently discovered in
Boston, and ihe Savannah News snpposes that
it "was used for lirewood at Valley Forge."
The Dnfee and Duchess of Fife are at tbe
present moment among the richest of the
younger members ol the Queen's family, for
the Duke is credited with a private income of
$400,000 a year.
' In a speech at Aberdeen General Booth said
he was thinking of a scheme of universal emi
gration, by which men could be passed from
one part of the world to another and surplus
labor brought to places where it was wanted.
The Queen of Roumania is said to be the
only living author who has written opera
librettos in four languages— French, German,
Swedish and Roumanian. She has just finished
an opera libretto in French, founded oa a
Turkish subject, for M. Jules Massenet.
"Gentlemen," ejaculated Mrs. Hetty Green
in a New York streetcar the other day, "are
you aware that the election is over? There is
time for all things, politics included. I wish
you would stop talking politics until you get
home. lam not deaf, and you make me nerv
ous."
Queen Victoria always wears three rings—
one that the Prince Consort placed on her
finger when they were married, her engage
ment ring and a slender circlet carrying a
tiny diamond, a gift from her husband that
was to be two or three years before they were
wedded.
It is figured out that Richard Croker's ex
periences on tbe turf have already co-it him in
the neighborhood of $500,000. His English
experiment is set down as costing him $230,
-000. All this was the result of the advice of a
physician to try outdoor life as a relief from
Insomnia and other ills that were annoying
him.
THE WORLD TALKING WAR
Chicago 'limer.-Hera.rl.
The war feeling is not soiely an American
Senatorial product, nor is It confined to this
country alone. Just at present the vaulting
of National dignity, the increase of arma
ments and other symptoms of belligerency are
common everywhere. Too much emphasis
may have been put on them by the newspa
pers. It is a characteristic of modern journal
ism that it hears the roar ol artillery in every
groan of au old shutter and can summon up a
vision of war in the lightest word of a Cabinet
Minister. Does the Marquis of Salisbury swear
when his carriage is blocked on its way to
Downing street, and the Dardanelles are to
be forced. Does the French Ambassador at St.
Petersburg stop for a moment in the street to
gossip with a grand duke, and Constinople is
lo be seized.
But the war feeling is not all rumor and sus
picion. It has a realty which thoughtful men
have "begun to appreciate. An English news
paper suggests that the theories of the evolu
tion philosophy are now accepted oy public
men; they know now, as they did not know
before, that war is neither undesirable nor
preventible. This may be the case, but the
beauty of evolution is that it goes on whether
we like it or not, and the mere academic
knowledge that it is in the nature and for the
best interests of men does not account for a
widespread surge of Delligerency.
Lara Pal merston once said that "man is by
nature a quarreling and fighting animal," and
his jest, so characteristic of the man, deeply
wounded the sensibilities ot well-meaning
Englishmen, who looked forward with confi
dence to the dawn of perpetual peace. Many
Liberals thought tbe bolition of dueling lv
the army would be tbe first step toward the
abolitiou of dueling beiween nations. The
submission of the Alabama claims to a com
mission was regarded as foreshadowing an
end of armed sutiiements ot international dis
putes. For many years M. Jules Simon was
busy with his benevolent plans for peace on
earth, and he even secured the encouragement
of tlie present Emperor of Germany. Yet
Jules Simon is hardly cold in his grave be
fore the powers are biting their thumbs at
each other.
It appears to be the history of the world that
nations swing like pendulums from war to
peace. A long term of good feeling and indus
try inevitably precedes a period of war. The
world had been at peace twenty years wnen
the Chinese-Japanese war broke out. Then
followed Italy's Abyssinian adventure and the
Cuban uprising. Now every nation is girding
up its loins and breaking up benches to prove
its devotion to^civilization by engaging in a
S The 'situation is not particularly suited to a
season in which we pray for 'peace on earth
and good will among men," but it proves that
even culture and civilization have not re
moved from human hearts the instinct* tnat
nearly twenty centuries of Cnrtstianity failed
to eradicate.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Washington Post.
It iinot generally known that Congressmen
elect are entitled to the franking privilege, at
least so far as writing letters is concerned.
When the law granting this privilege to mera-
bers of Congress was put into the printing bill
of 1895 some members of tbe House, having
in view a friend who had been elected to the
neyt Congress, but who would not be a mem
ber until the 4th of March, inserted as among
those entitled to the privilege the words
"members-elect." This applies only to letters
written upon official business, not exceeding
one ounce in weight. Xo pamphlets or Gov
ernment documents can be sent under tbe
frank allowed to members-elect, since that is
provided for in another paragraph of the bill,
and that paragraph does not include the words
" members-elect."
EARLY AWAKENING.
Kansas City Journal.
A New York man went crazy while on his
honeymoon. Usually the realities of married
life don't dawn on a man so quickly.
LADIES' WAIST WITH MARIE AN
TOINETTE PICHU.
[ A charming waist is shown here. The fichu
is made entirely separate and may be worn or
not.
A dress of white dimity, with lines and dots
of pink and bine, had a fichu of white Swiss,
with ruffles of point d'esprit.
A waist of pale old Wue silk, with a small
figure in black, had a fichu of black mousselin
de soie.
A gown of black canvas had a fichu of black
chiffon edged witu a pleating of blue and
green taffetas to match the lining of the gown.
A gray si.k gown with white fichu was dainty
and dressy.
The fichu may be a'lowed to bang free in
front, being knotted at the bust, or at the left
side at the waist line.
SANTA CLAUS GOING.
He Will Attend the Boys' Association
Club Entertainment This
Evening.
To-night the members of the San Fran
cisco Boys' Association will hold their
Christman festival. A big Christmas
tree, loaded with gifts and made bright
with many candles, will occupy the center
of the hall, and Santa Claus in the person
of Leonard Everett will distribute the gifts.
The different clubs will present their pro
grammes — Cosmopolis Club, Marc An
| tony's oration; Grant Club, recitations
i and songs; Artisans' and Sketch Club,
"Chiistmas in Camp"; Thursday Night
Club, shadow pantomime, "In Pawn";
Hale Club will be represented as toys in
Santa Claus' shop, and this will be his
last official duty of tbe Christmas season.
"A penny saved is a penny made" is the
motto that the San Francisco Boys' Asso
ciati on has adopted for its standard.
The 180 little lads, ranging from 8 to 18
years, nave theit headquarters in n large
old-fashioned house at 740 Bryant street,
presided over by Captain and Mrs. Mc-
Donaid.
There they learn to do all sorts of work,
such as making mats and baskets, cane
chairs, saddle work, brushes, hammocks,
all kinds of carpenter work, and there is a
printing office, where the boys publish a
bright, newsy magazine every month. Of
course it hasn't a very big circulation, but
these are the things that keep those same
little boys off the street and out of the
mischiet that boys are Dound to get into
when they are not employed.
The club is devoted more to the social
interests than to the manual training of
the boys, and little entertainments take
place quite frequently in the large hall
built lor that purpose in the rear of the
home. A large library failed with books
of interestts open for their benefit every
Wednesday and Sunday evenings, and
then the boys can indulge their literary
tastes to their hearts' content.
Tbe club is divided into classes, and
each class meets one afternoon or evening
in the week and is taught different trades
by teachers who have volunteered their
services.
Many charitable people are interested in
the home, the heaviest expenses being
met by them. The fu»d3 are also mate
rially increased by the proceeds of the
work that the boys turn out.
Each member is taxed the modest sum
of 10 cents, but that 10 cents is well in
vested, for they learn so much that will
be useful to them, and besides, they have
a whole lot of sociability and amusement.
It has been owitii to the interest of
t rank G. Burgess that the club has been
put on such a practical basis and so thor
oughly systematized.
FAVORS A STATE
DAIRY BUREAU
The Dairymen's Associa
tion to Present Sev
eral Bills.
Amendments WaDted to the
Present Constitution of the
Bureau.
One Bill Aims to Make an Existing
Statute Clearer. Another Applies
to Cheese ma king.
At the next session of the State Legis
lature there will be introduced a measure
looking toward the eatablisnment of a
State Dairy Bureau that shall have for its
object tbe prevention of adulteration of
dairy products and the palming off on
purchasers of goods of an inferior quality
for that of the first class.
This measure is being agitated by the
Dairymen's Association and William
Vanderbilt, its secretary. From points
furnished, John H. Dickinson, Senator
elect, has prepared bills whicn are to be
presented during the session.
One of these is to amend the Act of
March 9, 1895, "to prevent deception ia A
the manufacture and sale of butter and
cheese, to secure its enforcement and to
appropriate money therefor." The amend
ment, which is to the latter part of section
2, is as follows, and is intended to make
the law clearer:
Provided, that nothing in this section shall
be construed to prohibit the manufacture or
sale, under the regulations hereinafter pro
vided, of substance or compounds designed to
be used as the imitation, or as the KUDstitu'.e
for butter or cheese made from pure milk or
cream from the same lit a separate and distinct
form, and in such a manner as will advise the
consumer cf its real character, free from coi
oration or ingredients, that causes it to look
like butter or cheese made from pure milk or
cream, the product of the dairy.
Section 15 of the act is amended to read:
The Governor shall on or before the Ist day
of July, 1897, appoint three resident citizens
of this State who shall have practical ex
perience in tbe manufacture of dairy products
to constitute a State Dairy Bureau, and wnich
shall succeed the one now in existence, lv
every respect, one of whom, to be designated
by the Governor, snail serve lor two years
from July 1, 1897 ; one, to be likewise desig
nated, shall serve lor tour years irom July 1,
1897, and the other tor six years from July 1,
1897. The Governor shall appoint the suc
cessors to said first appointees and till any
vacancy occurring; $5000 is appropriated for
each fiscal year hereinafter, and commencing
with the forty-ninth fiscal year.
Another bill that has been prepared re
lates to the defining of the several grades
of cheese manufactured in this State. It
is as follows:
The people of the State of California repre
sented in Senate and Assembly do ordain as
follows:
Section 1. Every person or person;, firms or
corporations who snail at any creamery,
cheese tactory or private dairy manufactrre
cheese in tne State of California, thail at the
place of manufacture brand distinctly and
durably on the bandage of each and every
cheese manufactured and upon the package or
box i\ hen shipped the grade of the cneese
manufactured as follows: "California full
cream cheese," California half-skim cheese,"
■-California skim cheese."
Sec. 2. All brands lor branding the different
grades of cheese shall be procured from the
State Dairy Bureau, and said bureau is hereby
authorized and directed to issue to all persons,
firms or corporations, ui>on application there- t
lor, uniform branas consecutively numbered t
of the different grades oi coeese specified in |
section lof this act. The State Dairy Bureau "
shall keep a record of eacn and every brand
issued and the name and location of the manu
facturer receiving the same. 'No manufac
turer of cheese in the State of California other
than those to whom such brand is issued
shah use the same, and in case of a change of
location the party shall notify the bureau of
such change.
Sec 3. Tne different grades of cheese are
hereby legally defined and established as fol
lows: Such cheese only as snail have been
manufactured irom pure milk and from
which no portion of the butter fat has been
removed by skimming or other process, and
have not less than 30 per cent oi butter tat,
shall be branded "California cream cheese,"
and such cheese only as shall be made irom
pure milk and having not less than 15 per
cent of but er fat snail be branded "California
half-skim cheese," and and such cheese only
as shall be made from pure skim milk shall
be branded "California skim cheese," pro
vided that nothing in this section shall be
construed to apply to Edam, Bricks tein,
pineapple, Limburger, Swiss or hand-made
cheese not made by the ordinary Cheddar pro
cess.
Sec. 4. No person or persons, firms or cor
porations shall sell or offer for sale any cheese
manufactured in the State of California no:
branded by an official brand and ox the grade
defined In section 3 of this act.
Section 5 declares a violation of the law
a misdemeanor and prescribes the penalty.
THE MARCH OF PROGRESS.
An Attraction on Folk Street aud
Bright Lights on I.arkin Street
This Week.
There was a meeting yesterday after
noon in Hinans Hall of C. F. Roberts,
Max Levin, L. Hinman, F. Curtis and L.
H. Kohn of the Poik-street Improvement
Ciub to make arrangements for the Poik
street fiesta this week.
Matters as to the details of tbe fiesta
were discussed ana John F. Corriea pre
sented the designs of an elaborate pyro
technic display, which will include three
set pieces — one representing old Father
Time going out and an angel representing
the new year entering in the midst of the
legend, "Happy New Year, 1897 M ; another
will be the lesrend in van-colored Jig its,
'Patronize Polk Street."
There will be decurations in the fiesta
colors, yellow and red.
Dr. E. E. Hill, president of the Larkin
street Improvement Club, stated yester
day that Larfcin street will be illuminated
with a string of arc livrhls from McAllister
to Sutler street next Tuesday night, when
the event will be celebrated with fire
works, red fire and music.
Fpectat, Information daily to manuraeturvt.
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Ulppmg Bureau (AUen's). 510 Montgomery '
— ♦ — ♦ — i
Tom— l don't know whether she sings or not.
Jack— She doesn't. I neard her.— London
Spare Moments.
Ftj II lips' Hoc It Island Kiruriloni
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rla
Grande and « Roct Island .Hallway*. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Mao
ager and porters accompany the»» excursions to
Boston. : For tickets.' sleeping-car accommodation!
■nd further Information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent koc* Island Hallway, 80 Uoa>
|om»ry street baa Fnucluaa.
"Mm. Witdow'i Soothing Syrup"
Has been used : over fifty years by millions of
; mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success. It soothes toe child, softens: he sunn,
allays Pain. cures Wind Colic, 1 regulates .he Bowel i
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whet aris
ing from tee.h ing or other causes. or sale by drug
gists in" every pan of the world. Be sure and as*
lor iir.«. \S lns!ow's soothing Syrup. 4 25c abottla.
■ . ;—; — •— ♦ — • — _. .
CoßOXai*).— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, «ofs
i and mild, being entirely : free from the mists com
' mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at ihe lioial Jsl
Coronado, *66: longer stay $2 60 per day. Ap^i/
4. Sew JHomnoroery st., >an Francisco. - ,
• ♦ — »
Physicians recommend Ayer's Pill* for dys
pepsia ;.' and , liver complaint, , and tor . general
family use. See Ayer'a Almanac.S3» aB dnXL
MONDAY DECEMBER 28. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baibwk TirEATEa —The Brownies.
c\»i'fobxta Tsr ATXB.-"AA TXB.-"A Paris Tragedy,"
Thursday. December 31.
CotrxßiA ". v katkh— •■His Wife's Father."
Mokosco a Opxba-Hocse— -Across tie Poto
mac
Aixazar THlUkTint.-"Xiobe."
•Tivoli Optba House.— Jack and The Bean
stalk:
Obpeedi- Hlsh-Ciaas Vaudeville.
Cißcrs Royal— Eddy and Mason Ms.— Prof, a
R. Gleason.
Ibk CHCTKS akt> Skatiks Ri\k.- Daily at
Ba:ght street, one block east of the Parlt
Mttro Baths— Eathing and performances.
AUCTION SALES.
By 8. Fasch— This day. December 28, Furni
ture, at 319-321 Sinter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
Ft fni!T*s &Boyij£— Tuesday. December 29,
Horses and Buggies, etc, at 134 seventh street,
at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Rain Monday; high southwesterly winds.—
W. H. Hatnmoj, local forecast official.
There was a large number of people at
Sutro's yesterday to see the tug of war.
LarKin street, from McAllister to Sutter, will
be illuminated with arc lights to-night.
Alexander Marchand will be buried from St.
Mary's Cathedral this morning at 9 o'clock.
The Coroner's office was kept busy yesterday
focenoon In answering calls for sudden deaths.
Several closely contested games were played
In the San Francisco handball court yesterday.
The Po!k-street Improvement Club met yea.
terdar and arranged details for the fiesta this
week.
F. O. Yonng won the all-round Siebe medal
at the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's shoot
yesterday.
John Deggett. Superintendent of the Mint,
has donated many California Indian relics to
the Park Museum.
After a hard »or!te«t AdoVoh s?trecker carried
off the beautiful Unfred diamond rifle medal
it the Columbia's shoot.
In consequence of the uncertainty of the
weather yesterday there were not many
strollers at the ocean beach.
Bills having for their purpose the protection
of dairy products have been prepared for pre
sentation to the next Legislature!
At a meeting of the American Branch of the
Socialist Labor Party last night they were ad
vised to strive first for municipal control.
Dr. Basket Smith of England delivered an
address yesterday at the auditorium of the
Y. M. C. A., on the "Mysteries of Ancient
Egypt."
Little, if anything, could be gleaned as to
the cause of the fire at South San Francisco on
Saturday night, at which the night watchman
lost his life.
Leaders of the local Spanish movement to
aid the Junta met yesterday and decided to do
nothing nn:il they hear from Paima, leader of
tne New York Junta party.
Captain. William F. Swasey was interred yes
terday in. ;hs Pioneers' plat. Masonic Ceme
tery. Funeral services, which were largely
attended, were neld in Pioneer Hall.
The So^th Side Social Settlement has been
merrily celebrating the holidays during the
past week and there are entertainments to be
given during the fore part of this week.
The Adjutant-General, In his biennial
report, recommends the Legislature to allow
the National Guard £53.750 lor clothes and
equipments, and $30,000 ior encampments.
A small black bear which escaped last Thurs
day from Mark Strouse's packing-house on the
San Bruno road, near Cort'.anl avenue, was
yesterday recaptured alter a lively struggle.
A Christmas festival will be given by the
San Francisco Bo- Club Association at thrir
headquarters, 740 Bryant street, this evening.
Santa Clans will be represented by Leonard
Everett.
There are ten candidates in the fight for
Prosecuting Attorneys of the Police Courts.
At a caucus of nine Supervisors-elect Saturday
night five voted in favor of giving patronage
to the junta.
The erection of a suitable monument in
Golden Gate Park In memory of Robbie Burns
is an almost assured fact. The present inten
tions of the officers of the Caledonia Club seem
to promise this. -
A grand military tournament will tske place
at the Presidio next April. An elaborate pro
gramme has been prepared and all branches
of the service will be represented in me ath
letic competition.
The Germania Schue'.zen Club, the Nord
deutscher Schuetzon Club and the San Fran
cisco Schuetaen Verein held their monthly
class mcdii contests and bullseye shoots at the
Shell Mound rifle range yesterday.
The Pacinc Mail steamship Peru arrived
yesterday afternoon, fifteen days from Yoko
nama, niter an uneventful voyage. The secret
of Li Hung Chang's influence with the im
perial family is told in one of the papers which
she brought.
Rev. c. 0. Gill, the Berkeley football coach
of 1393 and farmer great Yale tackier, re
turned yesterday irom Peking, China, where
he has beea engaged in missionary work for
three ye rs. His wife's ill health compelled
their return to '.his country.
Richard Childres, a late arrival in this City
from Minneapolis, attempted to commit sci-
C'd«by mixing sulphate of zinc with his beer,
and when prevented from doing so tried to use
a pistol. He now lingers in a padded cell,
awaiting the Insanity Commissioners.
SOUTH PARK FESTIVITIES
The Holiday Season Fittingly Observed
by the Social Settlement.
The Sooth Park Settlement has been
having a busy week of Christcsas festivi
ties. The various clubs and classes which
meet at the club's home at 15 South Park
have each either observed the holiday sea
eon or will do so during the coming week.
Wednesday afternoon a number of little
girls gave a mu«icale at the settlement
in aid of the Childrens' hospital. The
little ones furnished their friends with a
delightful afternoon and urceeded in
realizing $22 for the hospital. Tue little
girls participating were:
Loretta Ryder, eor-hia Cleversahl, Nellie
Ryan. Myrtle Lestrange, Sadio Alexander,
Mattie Orr. Haz.-l »uman, Matrsrie Milier,
Maggie B-;yne, Alelmaßroce. Katie Fitzgerald.
Aunie Fitzgerald, Alice McXevin, Violet New
man.
Saturday the kindergarten hnd a Christmas
* tree enter ainment and a merry time. This
evening the young ladies* Oass will have a
party, and Tuesday evening the girls' class will
uave a similar offn.ir.
Wednesday evening the boys of the settle
ment will give the first performance of a play
entitled "Bonito," written especially for them
by Georre Trader. This is expected to be some
thing very nice. Neat cards of invitation
cav3 been sent to members and friends ot the
settlement.
The dress of a fuily equipped diver
weighs I*&}4 Pounds and costs about £100.
The thick underclothing weighs 8%
pounds, the dress itseif 14 rounds; the
huge boots, with leaden soles, 32 pounds;
the breast and back weighs 80 pounds and
the helmet S5 pounds.
SEW TO-DAY.
For Children's Skin
• »calp, and hair. nothing In the whole world i« BO
cleansing, purifying, and beautifying as
CUTICURA
SOAP
prre«t and iweeteat for toilet, bath, and nursery.
For dUtreasing facial ernption*. irritation* or •
the scalp, dry, thin, and filling hair, red, rough
hand*, chatioze, inflammation*, and * impie baby "
rashes and blcisUhea, it is wonderful.
Sold throueioct th* -wnM. Nt« pwter than th* com-
bined tain of »'l Oder akin aoap*. PorrtK Dace aid '
Cht». C««p.. Sole Prop*- Boston. C. S. A. ; -
«JT" " U»w to PurJj and LeittUf j Sabj'i Skin, trte.
HE SHOOK HANDS
WITH RAMESES II
Rev. Dr. Haskett Smith
Tells of Civilization 7000
Years Ago.
The Ancient Egyptians Wor
shiped the Same Gad We
Believe In.
t)r. Smitn Tells How Hs Sarrepti
tiously Shook the Hand of the
Mammy of Rameses the Great.
Yesterday afternoon in the audi.'orium
of the Y. M. C. A. the Rev. Dr. Haskett
Bmith of England delivered a lecture to a
large audience on the subject "Seven
Thousand Years Ago, or the Mysteries of
Ancient Egypt."
Dr. Smitn is a man of wide experience
in Eastern travel and study, and has had
exceptional opportunities for study. He
has made four trips up the Nile and spent
live years on Mount Carmel, where he
owns a summer residence. He is now
completiug a trip around the world and
will make a brief sojourn in San Fran
cisco. He usually illustrates his lectures
with stereopticon views, but in this in
stance wa* obliged to omit them.
In nis opening remarks Dr. Smith said
that the nineteenth century, now so near
its close, wiil take rank among the most
remarkable In history. In invention, dis
covery and studious research its achieve
ments have been most remarkable. Promi
nent amont; these achievements was the
rescuing from oblivion of the literature,
', bietanr and works of art of that most
1 marvelous and fascinating country, the
land of the Pharaohs.
One hundred years a»o practically
nothing was known of ancient Egypt, but
by the flood of light which modern
scholarship has brought to bear upon the
subject the hieroglyphics £ut on the sub
lime ruins have ali "ceen read. One of the j
moat interesting results of this research is I
the evidence it Las opened up corroborat
ing the sacred records in that faithful
book — the Bible. It has at tde same time
proved that very mistaken in;erpretations
nave b«fcn put upon these sacred records.
One of tnese serious mistakes was that the
system of chronology which was taken j
irom the margins of the manuscripts of
tne sacred Scriptures was supposed by cur
fathers to be of aiv:ne authority. These
marginal notes as to dates are now known
to be purely human calculation?, and
being computations from erroneous data,
of course gave erroneous results. These
errors indicated that the world was but
6000 years old, and it is now known t bat
the age of the earth is practically limit
less, so far as our human conceptions of
time are concerned, and that 7000 years
ago there lived a people on the shores of
the Nile who possessed the highest civili
zation, culture and religious life — as high
in taeir way as ours of to-day.
Dr. Smith explained that vis time was
too brief to treat in an adequate way a
history which extended over tne long
period of 7000 years, but he wisned as
concisely as possible to call attention to j
four important points which have been 1
brought out by modern researcn in de
ciphering the hieroglyphics and dtge:ug
among tne ruins.
The first point is that the ancient Egyp
tians actually worshiped the fame God
that we do. Their hymns, which can now
readily be translated, prove thetr belief in
the one, only, seif-existent, invisible God,
who created all things. They were a most
intensely religious people and carried tnis
devotion into every derail of life.
The second point is that they believed
in a future life, in a judgment to come, in
future reward? and pumstiments and in
the resurrection of the body and immor
tality of the sou!. Their belief in the
resurrection of the body, however, did not
reach the spiritual Christian conception
of it.
The third point is that the ancient
Egyptians had elevated woman to equal
ity witn man. This is a point of deep
significance, for it is only where high
civilization has been reached t^at woman
I is not crushed and oppressed as the
. weaker vessel. Tue record has been cut
i in atone that the Egyptian mother, wife
and daughter were treated with a greater
delicacy cf courtesy thau tne husband
and iather.
The fourth point is that they had
reached a hijrh proficiency in art. Men
i have spent their Jives in nnearthing the
! ruina of Estypt and have exhumed pic
! tures, statuary and various worki of art
I which would do credit to the most pre
eminent artists of the present day.
Speaking of the short time he had for
such a great subject Dr. i-mith said that
the history of Egypt began when Menes
j consolidated the empire 6000 years before
; Christ and closed with the death of Cieo
• patra, twenty-seven years before Christ,
i and that he could barely iifc the fringe of
I the curtain and show some of the salient
features in the stndy. He told how the
discovery of the way to read the Egyptian
literature resulted from the hnding of the
i famous Rosetta stone, when the French
j army under Napoieon invaded Egypt in
j 1709. Ancient Egyptian is now a lan
' guage, which can be studied as Greek or
Latin.
The Pharaohs of whom the Eib'.e speaks
were, tirst, Seti, of the time of Moses'
birth. Dr. Smith here c-eated a laugh by
teiline the audience th.it Pharaoh was the
fati.er of PharaotTs daughter. Barneses
; II the Great was tUe Pharaou of the time
of the oppression, when Moses called down
tde plagues. Harness was a great hero,
and Dr. Smith again created a laugh by
baying he had shaken hands with Rarueses
and would be sure to know him if he
! should see him in a crowd walking down
I Market street. The mummy pt the great
i conquering king was in such remarkable
: preservation that the features were still
weil formed. The third king wa*Manepta.
j He was the Pnaraoh of the exodui and
perished in the Red Sea.
The address closed with an eloquent ac
count of the crreat Sphinx at Memphis.
MAKING THE FUR FLY.
Lively Coursing at the Ingleside
and Sacramento
Parks.
Dogs That Wen Long Green— Arrival
of Some Fast Eastern J»ck
rabbit C asers.
Although the weather was anything but
fayorabfe to outdoor sport yesterday, the
lngleside Coursing Club stands were toler
ably well filled with tne ainiirers of the
grand old sport of the leas b. The betting
was spirited as usual, and the racing, with
the exception of a few courses, was up to
the standard. The arrival of a number of
dogs from the East will give an impetus
to the sport. The result of the coursing is
appended:
First round— Tipperary beat Dasnaway,
Eclipse beat Pronto, Sly Boy beat Ben Brusa,
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
REV. DR. HASKETT SMITH.
Myrtle beat Tommy Hall. Grannwaile teat
Rosalind, Electric beat Fireman, Hapcy Jack
beat Susie ; Queen B teat Best Trump, Monitor
beat Sarsfleid, Molly Bawn beat Coomassie.
Cleverness beat Bend-a-long, George iJ:xon
beat Marguerite, Kitty Scot beat Sunnyside
Maid, Will o' Wisp beat Rueben Glue, Wild
flower beat The Giant, Fairview beat Swinner
ton.
First ties— Tipperary teat Eclipse, Sly Boy
beat Mynle. Grannwaile beat Electric. Queen
B beat Happy Jack, Clevercess beat Monitor,
M !:y Bawr. beat George Dixon. Kitty Soou
beat Will o' Wisp. Fairview beat Wildfiower.
Second ties— Tipperary beat Sly Boy, Molly
Bawn beat urannv.aile. Cleverness beat Queen
B. KHty Scott boat Fairview.
Thiru ties— Tipperary beat .Molly Bawn,
Kitty -~cott beat Cleverness.
Final— Tipperary Leat Kitty Scott.
John Grace, the veteran, was in the pig
skin and James Grace, a chip of the old
block, handied the slips in excellent style.
The Sacramento Coursing Club held a
rattling meeting yesterday, notwithstand
ing the inclement weather. The bares ran
like demons, and quite a number of them
made their escape. The following were
the snecessful competitors in the club
race: Faster and Faster, Defender, Moon
light and Little Wonder, in the op*n
st&lce Little Delight, Combination, Air
ship and Reception were the winners.
The Sacramento Club holds meetings ev
ery Sunday during the winter season.
J. H. Roseter of Alameda has formed a
partnership with L. F. Bartels of Denver,
Colo., under the name of Bartels «fe Roase
ter, and they will run their hounds both
East and West under that name.
A. P. Siocum of Oaks, N. Dak., arrived
in this City last night with a string of ten
greyhounds for the new kennel. In add
tion to Pocahontas. Wayfarer, Arrapahoe
and Santa Alicia. Mr. Rosse;er's old dogs,
he brings Ben Hur, by Border Ruiiian,
Olicana: Bran-ion Belle, by Border Ruf
fian-Carmen; Bona. by Border Ruffian.
iliss Lottie; B. B. & 8.. an imported aog-
Oy Royal Express-Dear Sal; Mercy May-
by Royal Cres-Xo Mercy, and iro portal
Bed of Stone, by Green tick. Wita tlie
latter are five whelps.
These dogi, or those of them that are in
condition at the time, wiil be run in the
Interstate Coursins Club's meet at lngle
side on February 22.
A gentleman who does not wish his
name known has iriven a $100 challenge
cup for the Sapling Stake at tnis meeting,
the cup to take tne name of the puppy
first winning it.
The John Grace cup will carry with it a
purse of $400 to the winner and a good
sum to the runner-up.
NEW MISSION HOUSE.
The Cornerstone Was Laid by Bishop
William Ford Nichols Yes
terday.
The cornerstone of the new Episcopal
Mission of the Good Samaritan was laid
with imposing religious ceremonies by
Bishop >i icbols. assisted by a nnm ber of the
clergymen of his diocese. The new build
ing, which is to be of wood, will stand on
Second street, near Folsom, just opposite
the old mission hon-e. It will be 50 feet
wide by 110 feet long and composed of two
stories, reading, social and billiard rooms
below and the chapel above. It is to cost
$10,000 and when finished will be a hand
some and comrcodii us pdtice. The mis
sion is in charpe of the Rev. V»\ I. Kip Jr.
During the service^ yesterday the chil
dren's choir of tne mission supplied the
melody of the ceremony.. Dr. Middfeton,
Uuited Slates Army, of the Presidio, and
Major W. B. Hooper made appropriate
addresses.
Germany is in a very difficult position.
LiKe a prisoner in the middle ages sen
tenced to be crushed to Ue«th between tvfo
converging walis. so is Germany between
France and Kuisia, who at the first spark
of Hostility— whether from England or
the Balkan Peninsuia — will surely close in
upon ter simultaneously from the east
and from the west.
HOW SOCIETY
AMUSES ITSELF
Interesting Christmas Fes
tivities at Paso
Robles.
The I Gondo'ieri Members Give
Their Initial Enter
tainment
Giee Clnb Reunion— Henley Private
Theatricals — Patter on-Granger
Nuptials.
Burns Macdonaid, who will marry Miss
Bessie Younger next Thursday, will eive
a dinner to bis best man and the ushers
that are to be, this evening at the Bohe
mian Club.
Tbe guests of Paso Roblea Hotel, num
bering 160, were royally entertained on
Christmas nigh: with games of various
Miss Bessie Younger and Mr. Burns Macdonald, Who Will Be
Married Next Thursday.
kinds. After the distribution of prizes
I they were , : all * invited to partake of a re
| past spread in the spacious ■ ball, which
i looked beautiful ; with its Christmas dec- ]
! orations. Before retiring the snests voted i
' thanks to Manager E. T. Barns and Mrs. i
I Bennett for a very pleasant evening.
Some of ; tne prominent young men of
j the Italian and Swiss colonies" have or
i eanized under the name of "I Gondolieri," .
and on l?st Tuesday evening gave their ;
initial party at Beethoven Hall. Tfce i
evening proved quite a success and ;
I was highly en joyed, not only by the members
j of the club, but also by their invited friends
and parents, who chaperoned their daughters
and sons. ,
The grand march, which began sharply at 9 .
o'clock, was* led by Dr. A. H. Glannini, the' j
president of the club, and his charming sister,
I Miss Florence Sea tens. The main feature of ;
I the : march was / the ; forming of a gondola, the :
; emblem of the club. ; Among those -■ present ;
were: '. ...*-■.'-■■.-■■..- "-"<-■■ ;
''' Miss Florence Scatena, Miss Aida J. Sbarboro, '
Miss Charlotte Borlini, Miss Olive Sartor!, Miss
Tillie Chiirhizola. Miss Arnalia Levaggi, Miss
i RomUd* : Frapolli, 1 Miss f Dollie ? Araia. - Miss i
Patrachi. Miss Minnie Barbieri, Miss I
EmmaGrondona, Miss Margaret CKce»e, Miss
Adftia Rottanzi. Mi=s F. Bacigalupi, Miss H.
Merio, Miss Liliye Rocca, Miss K. Campo
donico, Miss H. Ruthruff, Miss Alvia Cousins,
Miss A. Kavanagh. Miss M. Ferroggiaro, Miss
Miss A. Barretta, M.ssM. Barretta, Miss M. Sul
livan. Miss Margaret Fontana, M;ss C. Barnes,
Miss Elvira Panario, Miss Eugenia B. Brizzo
lara, Miss Sibyl Tonin;, Miss L. J. Wilson, Miss
H. Stefoni, Miss Mary O'Keeie, Miss C. J. Le
carl, Mjas a. Frapolli, Miss C. Bosqr.i, Miss
Nina Spadina, Dr. A. H. Gianulni, Dr. C. £.
Cajrlieri, A. E. Sbarboro, A. A. iSorlini, Marquli
G. Ripamonti. A. Michiletti, Dr. H. J. Sarton,
Baron G. de Barras. V. Lucchetti. C. F. Gron
dona, W. R. Borini, Horace R. Sartcri, Dr. T.
A. Rottanzi. J. M. Campodonico, Dr. L. D.
Baciealupi, E. Cevasco, G. Giannlni, F. Ai
eenti, A. Cafferata, J. B. Argeuti. J. A. Devoto.
P. Lefranchi, G. B. Root, D. L. Perrone ; D. F.
McE.roy, W. Funge, M. B. Bosqui, F. J. Burke,
G. F. Mann, W. H. Thompson, C. J. Lacari, S.
V. Costeiio, B. S. Davis, W. E. Balconi, O. A.
Roleau, F. A. Ciivagnaro, Dr. C. A. Glover, A-
P. Giannini, G. Rececconi.
The Glee Club, which was organized in 1881,
held their regular annual meeting and ban
quet at the residence of one of its members,
Charles N. Farrish, 351 Lexington avenue, on
Christmas merit.
The club numbers some professional as well
as amateur musicians among the members
The soloists oi the evening were R. D. Va
lerga. Miss Lulu Ward, Mr. aud Mrs. C. N.
Parrish, and the accompanist was Miss Grace |
.farrish.
The eveninif was pleasantly spent in son^s
and glees and musical selections, followed by
a collation.
Many pleasant recollections of their many
amateur and professional careers were re
called. The club members and their friends
adjourned about midnight.
A grand surprise party was tendered to Mrs.
George Wilson at her residence, 116 Eighth
street, on Christmas evening, in honor of her
iorty-t»ighth birthday. The parlors were hand- I
somely decorated with evergreens and crysan- |
theniuxns. The evenins was pleasantly spent:
iv games, dancing aud singing, Miss Josie !
Reardon contributing severai select songs. ,
Miis Nellie O'Meara and Michael Fogarty led
the grand march to supper at 12 o'clock.
Among ihe many guests present were Mr.
Mrs. George Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas |
Green, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Hove, I
Mr. and Mr?. White, Miss Nellie O'Me«ra, Miss !
Josie Reardon, Miss Annie Corbett. Miss Lil
lian Corbett, Miss Liiiie Green, Miss Kate
Pierce, Miss Delia McDonald, Misa Mary Gor
don, Miss Jessie Boiand, Miss Annie Murry,
Miss Kittie Murphy, Miss Eila Sherer, Miss
Annie Roberts, Mi*i Myra Wise ani Miss j
Omelia Hunt.
Thursday evening a most delightful time
was en joyed by a few intimate friends at the j
home of Mrs. A. E. Henley.
A furee was giveu and at its conclusion the i
festivities were continued in the "den," a '
charming and novel nooc in the spacious resi- j
dence. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. ;
Henley, Mr. and Mrs. Sossa, Mr. and Mrs. Mor- I
gan, Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Henley, Miss Clara :
Paul, Miss M. Epstine, Mrs. H. Stevens. Mrs. \
M. R. Morgan; Messrs. Winn Hoae. Dr. W. L. \
Davis, S. Martinez, A. D. Jaque, E. MariChuts, i
W. Carter and Charles Henley.
The wedding of Henry R. Patterson, a mer- i
chant of Berkeley, and Miss Lettie J. Granger j
took place on Wednesday evening at the home j
oi the bride, North Berkeley. The ceremony j
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Bentley of j
Berkeley M. E. Church. Miss Anna Sullivan I
was the bridesmaid, August Voilmer acted as |
best man aud Miss May Granger and Roger I
Wilson were the pages. The bride wore a
beautiful white silk trimmed with point lace.
Tne presents were numerous and costly.
Those present at the reception were: Mrs.
Granger, Mr. and Mrs. S. Granger, Misses May
aud Edna Granger, W. Granger, Mrs. Hickies,
Miss Clara Hickies, Misses Sarah and Lizz c
Granger, Charles G r anger, Mr. and Mrs. IT.
Patterson, Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Wilson, R. Wil
son, Miss Maud Wilson, John Davidson, MUs
L. Sinclair, W. Sinclair, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. aul
livan. Misses Aana and .Minnie Sullivan, Abra
ham Sullivan.
Mr. and Mrs. Patterson have left for the
southern part of the State. After their honey
moon they will reside in North Berkeley in
the ir beautiful new home.
Miss Hattie Miliilzen entertained a few of her
most intimate friends at her home, 214 Castro
street, on Wednesday evening. The parlors
were made bright with berries and winter
greens. At a late hour a dainty repast was
served, after which the guests returnea to the
parlors to participate again in the pleasures of
the evening.
The marriage of Miss Louise Marie Schem
mel and Kenry Melville Aver will take place
or. Wednesday, December 30, at the residence
of the bride's parents in Sun Jose. Tae cere
mony is to be strictly private.
A most enjoyable surprise party was given
to Henry G. Gsrl at his re-idence, ltflO Guer
rero street, on Christmas eve. The house was
very neatly decorated with greens and lan
terns. The evc-uing wes spent in dancing,
singing, recitation and enjoyable eunoa
tion. Those present were: Mrs. Gerl, Miss
Paulsen, Miss Bublinger, MKs Roger?, Miss
Rotenculber, Miss Hvden. M:S3 Gray, Mlss
Husing, Mis* S-.va. Hi« M. Gerl, Mi>ses M.
and ft McAleer, MfcftM M. acd B. de Herro;
Menra. H. Gerl, H Uuppel. Mr. Lane, Mr.
McNulty. Mr. Herdricks, J. Bicttom, C.
Shuler, F. Rogers, R. Gunn, F. Krause, E.
Binder, F. Roiencnlber.
Mrs. Horace Smytn le t for the East night of
December 26 on the Sunset Limited, taking
wuh her as companion and friend Mme.
Cortez. They sail for Europe on the Nona
German Lloyd steamship Kaiser Wilheim II
Jauuary 9.
ALEXANDER MARCHAND DEAD.
Prominent in Kailroad Circles— A Wife :
a:id Sun Survive Him.
Alexander Marchand, the senior mem- 'i
ber of the firm of Conklin & Marchand, j
railroad and steamship ticket agents, died |
Saturday night at his residence, 1135 j
Geary street. Mr. Marchand had been j
ailing for some time, and about two weeks
ago returned from Bartlett Springs, since !
which time his condition grew rapidly j
worse. The immediate cause of death
, was catarrh of the stomach.
i!r. M^rehand was born in Kentucky ]
- and when quite a yonne man left college j
I to join the Stonewall Jackson brigade. !
| He ?erveJ with considerable distinction
! during the Civil War and wiien the war
' was over rngaged in steam boa tins on t c
j Ohio and Mississippi rivers. Later he be
! came connected wit:> the Sonthern News
j Company and was a prominent member
j of the Benevolent Order of Elks.
Mr. Marcband was possessed of a par
; titularly genial and happy disposition and
! was ve:y popular in railroad circles. He |
was Known among his friends ax
; "Colonel."
He leaves a widow and a son 17 years
old. The funeral services will be heid at
! St. Mary's Cathedral this morning at 9
i o'clock. The remains will be tasen to
; Calvary Cemetery and temporarily placed
in a vault. The hnai resting place wiil be
at Louisville, Ky.
Horn's School, at Burlingume, will reopen
January 5. Address Ira G. Hoitt, Ph.D. *
PERU TIED TIGHT
TO THE WHARF
Uneventful Passage of Fif
teen Days From
Yokohama.
Secret of Li Hung Chang's Great
Influence With the Impe
rial Power.
Chinese Passengers Fumigated at
Quarantine as a Precautionary
Measure.
The Pacific Mail steamer Peru, Captain
de Friele, from Hongkong and Yoko
hama, passed in yesterday afternoon
about 5 o'clock, and lay at quarantine till
11 o'clock last night. No sickness was
reported aboard, but a number of Chinese
passengers were taken over to the island
and fumigated as a precautionary meas
ure, as the plague and fever is one several
Chinese ports. The cabin passengers
were Rev". Mr. and Mrs. C. 0. Gill and G.
G. Lot man.
The Peru experienced strong gales from
the west, southwest and north-northwest
to tha meridian, thence moderate and
squally weather to the Golden Gate. She
left Yokohama on December 13, and made
the voyage in 15 days 3 houra and 25
minutes.
The British bark Forfarshire arrived in
yesterday afternoon from Newcastle, V.
S. W. On November 5 last she buried at
sea August Thisen, a seaman 19 years old.
The steamship Peru brought a very
large quantity of Oriental mail. In the
Hongkong Daily Press of November 25
last is a story from tne North China Daily
News which shows tbe source of Li Hung
Chans':, influence and grip with the Em
peror and imperial farniiy. Li's influence,
according to the story, lies chiefly with
the dowager Empress. The arucie says:
Anatiie correspondent at Peking tells us
aeain the story 01 the course taken by Li ia
IST4, when the Emperor Tung Chih wa3
dying, wuioh so bound the Empress Dowager
to him. At that moment there was a formid
able party in the palace opposed to the two
Dowager Empresses, anxious to put them and
their party out of the way and raise to the
throne the dissolute son ot Prince Kung, now
dead. The Dowager Empresses appealed to Li,
then Viceroy of Chihil, and as such the »aw;ui
protestor of the dynasty. He did not lose a
moment, but made a secret forced march to
Peeing, accompanied by his personal guard of
4000 well-armed men— horse, foot and artil
lery, all Anhui me a — on whose devotion he
couid rely under any circumstances. Tbe
march of eighty miles was made in thirty-six
houra and limed to arrive at Peking a; mid
night.
A Prince who was an adherent of the Dow
ager Empress had been placed in charge of the
Chungwen Gate with a guard of his personal
retainers with orders to open It on'.y to Li and
his force. At midnight Li and his Anhui men
were admitted and marched at onca into the
Forbidden City in dead silence. Every man
held a chopstick in his mouth to prevent his
talKing and the metal trappings of the horses
were ; al tan I: filed. Arrived within the forbidden
precincts the Manchu bannermen on duty at
the various pa. ace gates were all replaced by
Li's men, the empresies having sent out
eunuchs to point out which detachments were
doubtful or had almost openly declared for the
conspirators. These were at ouce disarmed,
bound and hurried orf to the prisons of the
Board of Punishments.
The arni.ery was posted to command the en
trances to the Forbidden City, the cavalry was
set to pafrol the grounds and pick up any
stray conspirators who could be found and the
infantry were stationed no as to surround the
palace, where lay the Dowager Empresses ani
the present Emperor, KuangHsu. then a child
about 4 years old. When day broke the sur
prise of such of tne conspirators as had not
been arrested during the night was complete.
The disaffected were quietly made away with
or fent into perpetual exi>e in the He'.Hmg
chang region, and the next day Prince Chun's
lhtie son was proclaimed Emperor, wiui the
title of Kuang H.~u. it turned out that neither
Prince Kung nor his son had any connection
with the conspiracy, and they were unharmed,
Prince Kung remaining, as he always has
been, a .«tancn friend of H. E. LL
Everything being settled Li marched back
to Tientsin witn his troops as unostentatiously
as he had come, and so secret y had every
thing been done that only those directly cou
STEW TO-DAY.
—The—
Morning
— Cup —
¥¥ ¥¥
¥¥ ¥¥
¥¥ The cup that cheers, ¥¥
¥¥ that warms, that starts ♦♦
lit! you out fortified for *,* *£
55 the day's battles— the **
¥¥ veritable cup of health ¥¥
¥¥ -a cup of g. j
It Ghirardelli's .$S
tt Ground g
1 8 Chocolate ?*
¥¥ ¥¥
tt No stimulating: effect, **
J5 but full of food, easily JJ
¥¥ and quickly digested. ¥¥
¥¥ 'Tis absolutely pure, ¥¥
£.¥. and always fresh. J-jt £f|
55 Made here J?
I ¥¥¥ l - : " ¥¥¥
¥¥¥¥ 30c alb. An Grocers. ¥¥¥¥
¥¥¥¥¥ ;: :■, *****
**********************
**********************
JfEW TO-DAT-AJTOSEMEXTS.
CUCcarLOfc
THIS EVENING AT 8: 15, v
AND SPECIAL MATINEE NEWYEAk'S DAY,
The i"nrloi>» y Funny Three- Act Comedy,
— — "WIOBE!"
WITH GEORGE OSBOURNE, HUGO TOLAND,
And Our Great Company in the Cast.
Order seats by letepnoue, Blacx 991.
yignt— lie. 26c. 35c. 50c Matinee— 15c, -JSc, 35c.
CIRCUS ROYAL.
People's Palace Bui dice, Eddy -. and Mason sta.
TO-NIGHT: TO-NIGHT!
BIG SUCCESS-BIG SUCCESS
thk GLEASON! THE
GREAT UIbCMv)UH « GBEAT
King of Horse-Tamers. ;.. ; ;i; .--<.:
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR PRICES.
■ lOc,*SOc, 3Oc sOc. ■
THE CHUTES."
Dally From Noon Till Midnight,
B. M. BhOW>' the One-Legged t.-yclw.; KOkTO,
Walking Down the Chutes on a«j lobe, and
THE AMMATOSCOPt. <
Every Evening — -Oio Extra Charge.
KEW TO-DAT.
Naked Pills
are fit only, for naked sav-
ages. Clothes are the marks
of civilization — in pills as well
as people. A good coat does
cot make a good pill, any more
than good clothes make a good
man. But as sure as you'd
look on a clothesless man as a
mad one, you may look on a
coatless pill as a bad one.
After fifty years of test no
pills stand higher than
AVER'S
Cathartic Pills
SUGAR COATED.
cerned in this coup d'etat knew what had
happened or how entirely i: was due to the
loyalty and promptitude of Li, who might at
that tcoment if he had chosen to be false have
raised himself to the throne, that a civil war
was averted and a great bloody tragedy pre
vented.
As we have said, the Empress Dowaeer has
never forgotten her debt to the ex-Viceroy,
and it is only due to her entreaties and her
representations that the stability of the
dynasty still depends on him that H. E. has
consented to take up his post in the Tsangli
Yataen. The Emperor, it i j said, is too much,
under the influence of Weng Tung-ho to real
ize what he owes to his great subject, and
only on the expostulation of his imperial
aunt made up his mind to refuse H. E. Li'«
application to be allowed to retire.
A smoking match recently amused the
public at Lule, France. "Fifty of tne
hardest smokers of tne district sat down
together to consume two ounces of the
strongest tobacco in the shortest possible
time. They used clay pipes, and were
helped by a big jn£ of beer. The winner
finished in a quarter nf an hour.
KEW TO-LAT-AMUSEMENM.
BALDWIN THEATER.
iLUiYMi.vita (Incorporated) froj>~.2ij:t
I>ast 7 Nights — i — Last 3 Matinees.
Matinees Wed.. New Year's Day (Friday) and
Saturday. Audiences as Big as Kver and
■Pleased Beyond Expression with
C. B. Jkffxbson-. Kuw 4- Feiasbebs Woir-
DEBFUI PBODnCTIOX,
Eo^ ER BROWNIESz==
Showing be sides THE FLYING BALLET Mora
Novel Features Than Any xtrava^anza
Ever .-ten Here.
|i"LET IT BK KNOWN -
-Last Performance Next Sunday Night !
Next Monday. Jan. 4 "The Out Homestkad."
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Ai Hayhax & Co. (Incorporated) Proprie:or«
SAI.E OF SEATS Begins To-morrow
(Tnesday) Moruing at Box Office.
L-A L-O-I-E
In Her New Hole, a Pantomime from the French,
entitled.
''.A. PARIS TRAGEDY!"
In Conjunction With Her NEW DARCI
CKKATIO.\6, "lhe Chinese Lady," etc.
4 NIGHTS: BEG. NEXT THUKS tVG.,
I ■l .'-: 1 Pec. 31. Matinees New Year's
MATINEES (Fri.) and .Autographic Photo
ONLY! ! Souvenir Matinee ifa:nrday.
Popular prices— Dress Circle, $1: Entire
Balcony, 5Uc and 75c. ' "
M JLiLC-CTTU)D« cs>.- u»m AM — '
IF ~~ TO
YOU REALLY
WANT LAUGH
If Ton Want to Enjoy a Mont Delightful
■.-.:: Comedy • o-uight Is the Time.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
hiswiftsTather
The Same Play Tuesday and Wednesday.
Isg&lTheGreatUnkflown
SEirSw. i Men and Women
January 4 MX. JOSEPH MURPHY.
TI VOL! OPERA-HOUSE
lixa.Ks2i KSTEXs tRKT.ivi. Proprietor <E ji.^i*j*c
THE HOME TRIUMPH!
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE I
"JACK
-A_Nl> THE
BEANSTALK!"
3 GRAND BALLETS!— 3
4 SUPERB TRANSFORMATIONS!—
SPLENDID CAST!
ENTRANCING SPECIALTIES!
A Treat for Yonn; and Old— A -Well.
1 -illed Cnristmastlde Pudding of
SONG, DANCE AND HUMOR.
Popular Prices 25c and sOc. ,
iviorosco's
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
I WaITEB MOROSCO...?oIi Lessee and Mas^ja.-
-! — — STUPENDOUS PRODUCTION: —
Kevlval of :he Stirring War Drama,
ACROSS THE POTOMAC!
Magnificent Scenery!' A strengthened Cast!
Intricate Mechanism I
100 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE!— IOO
SPECIAL NEW TEAR'S DAY
MATINEE ON FRIDAY.
r.T^nlnr Price* — l>:c. .• <r anil "ill.
I
O'Farrell Street, he: ireon Stockton and P;rarV!. ;
Week Commencine Monday. Dec. 28.
A Glorious Closing :of the Old and a
■ Brilliant Opening of the New Year.
ABaCUI A>'D iIA<H.\D, Aciobus and Tom-
Llers Supreme, continued success ol XIL^OX'S
A ■ KIAL BALLET and KIBALPY'S OB AND
OPEKA BALLfc-T and a great Vaud=viil Co.
Keserred sea:«. >6es balcony, lOc: uperarcoaUi
and box-seats. Sue
Grand Holiday Ma'inees \V«d.,Sat. and Sunday.
EXTKA— special New Year's Day Matinee.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEI CLDB
( NCLESIDE TRACK ,
The only Veriest Winter BacetracSc in A merle*.
KUI\I. RICHG
Racing From Monday, Dec. 28. to Satur-
.; day, January 0, Inclusive.
Five or £ore Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST KACE AT I P. M.
Take t Southern Pacific " trains at ihiri : an!
Townsend sta. depot, leaving a: I p. x. . -
: Fare for Bound Trip, : including Ad-
mission to Oroands. »1.0 i).
Tasa Mlailon-s;. electric line direct to trace
The rommery Sec Stakes Tuesday. Dec. 29.
The Calif .ruia Oaks Slakes Thursday. Dec 31.
The bhreve <£ Co. Cap Friday, Jan. 1.
■---.i-i .;:., A. B. sPKECICELSi President.
W. SL Leakk, Secretary. :
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. -.1. to 6 P. M. and
■ Sunday Evening.
■•— — GR AN I* CONCEPT!
Dailr AU mission.... 100
Caildreu 50
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
The Masons.
The officers of Excelsior Lodge were In
stalled last Wednesday night in a most im
pressive manner by Charles P. Overton, the re
tiring worshipful master, in the Masonic Tem
ple. The ceremony of installation, always in
teresting, was witnessed by a iarge number of
the membership of the lodge ami a great many
visitors from other lodges. Those who took
the obligation' for the ensuing Masonic year
are: H. J. Owen, W. M. ; J. C it. Cooks, W.J
W. W. McNair, J. W. ; Aaron Dond, T. ; Theo
dore E. Smith, S. ; W. N. Brunt, S. D. ; O.K.
Westfal, J. D. : L. H. F. McKee, M. ; H. West
pha!, steward; A. Humphreys, steward; G. W.
Perkins, T. ; Benjamin Clark, O. At the, close
of the ceremony a very handsome jewel, rep re- j
senting the degree of past master, was j>re- |
sentcd to Charles P. Overton, the retiring wor- ]
i-hip:ul master. The vocal music during the
ceremony of installation was rendered by Ben
jamin Clark, F. W. Whittich, J. R. Jones and ;
W. f:. Campbell. When the lodsje closed there
lollowed a gathering of about 'JOO around the
iestive board set out in Comraandery Hall,
and several pleasant hours were spent in offer
ing toasts and giving responses and listouing
to music and anecdotes.
California Lodge will install its officers on S:.
John's day.
On the 2d of Janua'y the members of the pre«- ■
cut board of relief and the new niemberi will take
their places and select their officers.
The next annual communication of the Grand '
Consistory of California will be held at Masonic
Temple commencing at 1 o'clock on the afternoon i
of the 12th of licxt Janu?ry.
Order of the Eastern Star.
Oak Leaf Chapter had an initiation last Thurs
day which was followed by a Christmas festival
and there was spent a very pleasant evening.
The new chap.er Known as Mission Chapter,
which was instituted by Worthy Grand Patron j
Tapscott. assisted by other grand officers and mem
bers from other chapters, has the fo.lowing-named '
officers for the first term: Mary C. Farmer, W.
M. Henry Bunker, W. P.: .Miss Virginia Fisher,
A. M.; Mrs. Mary (*. Faster, S. : Mrs. Lorlne,
C. ; Mrs Ellen Wilson, A. S.; Miss B. Herman, «
Adah; Mrs. Hannah McPhun, Ruth; Mrs. Ger
trude Taber, Esther; Miss Lucerne Smith, Martha:
Miss G. E. Wolfe, Klecia: Miss Alice Hlcsfy,
marshal; Adam Beck, chaplain: A. Chrlstensen. |
organist: Chris Gitsham, sentinel. The chapter j
has thirty-seven names on the charter roll and a |
great runny applications have been fi eJ. There
were present during the very interesting cere
ironies Gran'! Treasurer Mrs- Horton, Grand Sec
retary .Mrs Kate J. Willats, i-rand Organist Mrs.
Neilie Darling, andt visitor! from Ivy, Harmony,
bo den Gate ami iieulah coapters of this City and
from chapters across the ba-'. .After the institu
tion oi the lodge a pleasing programme was pre
sented, iucluliiig vocal and instrumental music.
Ivy Chapter has candidates for initiation at its i
next meeting.
Oakland Chapter will have an anniversary cele- j
bration o - i the 7th of next month.
Some time since the members of Tulare Chap
ter tendered a grand receDtion 10 Mrs. Ella Tyler I
Hall, a member and past, matron of the chapter
in recognition Of her elevation to the office
of .worthy grand ma km. and about the I
same time James Robert Tapscott, a ;
member and past patron of Stella Chapter
of Yreka. SisWiyou County, w.n tendered a recep
tion by that chapter in view of his election to trie
office of worthy •, rand patron. Both events were
»xceedlns-ly pleasant and li.ark a red letter night
in the history of each cnapter.
lr.deperdent Order of Odd Fellows.
Grand Secretary Shaw has issued for the use of
the various subordinates blank-booKs that have
been prepared in such a manner that every secre
tary will with very little labor be able to keep a
full history of the lodge and have it ail under
one cover so that in the future the officials will
no: have to rummage over a fureaf pile of papers to
ascer:ain how the lodge stood on a particular
date. Sheets arranged as ere the books have also
been prepared so that when lepor.s have to be !
made up lor the grand secretary these can be used j
to in 3ki ' an xac. c< py of the entries on the book. i
It Is the mosi complete and comprehensive set of i
blanks ever prepared, aid if secretaries go wrong ;
with such they ought to be sent to some piece j
whtre ther- is no need for lodges nor secretaries. !
Amur Rebekaii Lodge had an open meeting and j
eniertnlnmeiu o:i the 19ih last., at which there |
\v;is a large attendance and a line programme was I
offered. Addresses were made by Past Grand !
Masters Morrison and William H. Barnes, and '
Jli« Lo tie Graeber gava a recitatiou that was ;
very favorably received.
Crockett Lod^e wilt celebrate its tenth anniver- !
Bars on the 4th of February.
The iiranu patriarch will commence a series of '■
Visitation* next month, to commence with Parker ■
KncamimleiH on the 18th and closing at bauta '
P.usa. Tne da es have not all been fixed,
a Past Master William H. Barnes will contribute .
to the January number of the >'c.v Age the first of
a series of sketches of the veteran Odd Fellows of '
< alifornia.. He has been collie ing data for the I
articles for some time, and when the series Is tin
ished it will prove a very useful and interesting !
collection.
jj Fountain Lodge of Oakland will on the 11th of
January give an entertainment.
The installation of the officers of Unity Lodge
will-be a public one, and great preparations have i
been made lor the event.
The grand secretary is sending out a circular to !
all subordinate and Kebe.cah lodges. in which the j
grand master draws attention tt tbe following I
resolution, adopted at the last-held session of the
t-overelgn Grand Lodge:
Jietoived, That there be prepared the form of a i
Certificate lor dues, etc., to be recognized as cvi- i
dVn:-e or good standing when the bolder dtsires to I
make visitation! to auoLher juris tiction in lieu of ;
a visiiius; card, said form of certificate to be uni
versal throughout all jurisdictions on this conti- |
nent, and to be used as the only legal receipt for s
dues assessments, fees, etc, by all lodges, en- '
campments ana Rebekan lodg -s. The A. T. P. W. i
tob? commuiiicaied to every member when pay
lug hi* dues. Tne privilege to vist In another
jurisdiction to depend upon the certificate which
shall bear his signature on the marein, the genuine
ness of which he must prove before the examin
ing committee and give the proper password."
Ancient Order United Workmen.
At the time of , the meeting of the Grand Lodge
of California in September last a statement was
made that if the classified table of assessments
was adopted 1000 new members would be added
to the membership by the close of the year. Ip to
the day before Christmas tbe grand medical exam
iner passed upon 953 applications. During De
cember, up to the day named,: 354 applications
had been passed upon.
The work of compiling the ages of each member
of the order and the amount each will have to pay
under the classified assessments, which go into '
effect on the Ist oi next mouth, has been going on !
for some time, and it had proved a very ijrea.
labor. Each lodge has been supplied with a list
from the oflice of the grand recorder, and the offi
cers have been requested to compare It, so that er
rors, if any there be, may be corrected.
■1 he grand recorder »ms commenced the work r,f j
preparing the statistics of the order according to !
the card -register, system adopted at the last ses- i
sion of the supreme Lodge.
Richmond Lod^e was institute.! Saturday the I
19th inst., in Hamilton Hall, with twenty-five I
charter members, by Frank S. Po and, it. O. W.
St." asjUted by members of Pacific drill team.
There weie present the grand master workman,
grand recorder, grand receiver and % r .nd medical
examiner. Inieiesting addresses were delivered
by the grand mailer workman and thegrani re
corder.
Elaborate preparations have been mode by Val
ley LoJge for the conferring of degrees on a
c ass of ten candidates, with the assistance of the
Pacific arid team, on \Vedn<sday evening next. •
Triumpu Lodge repor the addition of a number
of members.
On the evening of the s'h of January Unity
Lodite will hold a meeting in Odd Fe. lows' Hail,
and as a very lar^e attendance is expe tea exten
sive preparations are being made- for ihe event.
Grand Master Workman Vinter will this even
lug address a public meeting in behalf of the order
at Morgan In, l, .-unta Clara County, and bis ad
dress will be illustrated with stereopticon views.
Arrangements have been made ior the i istitu
tion of a new lodge at Palo Alto to-mo.row night,
'i his ledge was organized through the special ef
forts of i>«puty R. V. Wells.
On the 2d of January J. M. Graves of Mode i to
V. D. G. M. W., will institute a lodge with thirty
five memb.-rs at Waierrord. Stanislaus Coun.y.
Volo Lodge of Woodland will dur .lit the month
of January, with the a^stsianc of Leputy McPhtr
son, introduce twenty candidates.
lemple Lodgaof North 1 ernescal recently in
itiated live candidates and Yosemite Lolge of
Fresno received seventeen applications last Thurs
day.
ice Supreme Lodce has ca:iel the attention of
all subordinate to the fact that the 18tli of nex'
month is '-memorial d»y". in t ie order, and that
the «ame be observed so far as possible. ■ '
•l he Supreme Lodge relief board will meet In the
Palmer House, Chicago, on the 11th of January.
I>fgree of Honor.
, Silver Spray Lodge will install Its officers on the
21st of January and Minerva Lodge on the 26th.
Crown of the Valley Lodge will have a public in
stallation of Us officers on ths 11th of January at
Pasadena. -*
ouriM« the current month one beneficiary cer
tlhcaie was issued to Ahfla Upchurcn Lodge and
<>i,e io Silver spray Lodge, silver Star Lod S e has
four application and Viola three. Viola Lodee
has twenty nine members and of these nine have
taken the beneficiary feature.
. _ _ _. FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WtiEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
CKN-TKA I, OFFICK
023 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel Main 5831.
Uptown Office — Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
, Itoom). Tel. Main 339. v i
t FURBY & ATKINSON Manager!.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tatlons. Reference Ist .National Bank, s F
Cwir-A»ii- ymvATK •uriui.: *±W YUBK>
The Native Sons of the Gnlden Wrst.
Archie Kincaiil has been appo nted district
deputy for San Mateo County by Grand President
Gesford, vice Q. iv Russell, resigned. H. Clay
Kellog of Anaheim has been appointed deputy
grand president at larje.
Jn consequence of the continued illness of Grand
Trustee J. B. Baker of San Luis Obispn, Grand
f<pcre:ary Lunstedt will make some of the official
visits which s.iould have been made by the grand
trustee.
Amonijthe visitors at the office of 'he grand
secretary last week was Jonn Leathery Jr. of Yo'o.
I), fl. tt. P.. who stat d that the jar:ors in his
jurisdiction ure lncrea^inc in membership. Wo d
lan i Pur. or, of which he is a menioer, will give a
Brand :.ew Year's bail, i ther via tors troni inte
rior par. ors were George W. Meyer ot Las Polios,
Parlor of Liv.T.nore: F. E Herrsc-v of Hum uoHt
H. L. Lv trell of Repress Parlor of Sacramento,
' 11. i.. JicNoble of rs.ockton, J. Goldman tf Mi-r
-j ced. A. M. North Of Wihltia ana I. 1- Black of
Uocdlai.d.
During the early part of January the officers of
Golden Gate Parlor will be publicly installed,
! after wliich there will he an entertain ent and
ball. This Is to be an invitation affuir, and as this
par. or, of which J. J. Sweeny Is president and A.
fcberhan Is secretary, is well known for the per
fectuess of its «*mertainments, there is a great de
mand for tickets.
The senii-aiiuual returns of Placerville Prrlor
show a membership of IS6 and $7003 In the treas
ury. Following are the ofuverj Jor the ensuing
term: J. ->!•. Kte.P.; vice-presidents— A. K. Zwis
; ler, Charles Zwisler, W. E. Secomb; O. P. Fitch.
| M.; F.. L. tosquit, S.; George E. Pierce, F. S. ;
Fred Irwin, trustee; 1 rs. Kantz and Mountain,
surgeons.
| Frederick M. MUler, secretary of the Argonaut
decree, has written to California Parlor to an
: nounce that the team win reach ban Francisco
■ about the middle of next month to confer the very
i in. creating degree. There are about a hundred
Native Sons, including many promluent members,
who want to become Argonauts.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The San Francisco Relief Board was organized
on Saturday, the 19th, with the fo lowing mem
j bers: Miss Annie L. Donaldson of Minerva Panor,
Mrs. Meyers of AHa Parlor, Miss Annie Hinck of
! Oro Floo Parlor, Miss Lulu Fahrenruzof Golden
stati- Parlor, Miss Anna McPhi lips of Orinda Par
lor, Mis. Mary Sanderson of Fremont Parlor. Miss
Minnie Stebbins of Bueiia Vis:a Parlor, Mrs. S P.
: Ifaggett of Las Lornat Parlor. Dr. M. J.'. Campbell
of Yosenme Parlor and Mrs. Lucy Barbich Oi L i
l-.strena Parlor. Miss Stebbins was chosen presi
de nt and Miss McPhi lies secretary.
j Fremont Parlor lias elec.ed the following offl
j cers: K. Wods, R P.; Hrtiiimh Collins, I.; i-!tur.i
l Fritz. Mrs. Kictards uud Mary Gibbons, vice
| presidents; Mrs. Barton. F. S. : Mrs. Mary >m\
uerso i. R. S. ; Mr* unrney, flt; Mrs. Jlandley,
Mrs. Versalovicn and Mrs. Hitcnlnga trustees.
Princes* Parlor of An?eis Camp will entertain
its friends on New Year's day tr^m 1 to 6 u'cock
in the af • moan.
Miss Minnie Blake, a Native Daughter of San
Lu:s wbispo and sis er of Gr ind 1 rustee B ake, is
spending the Lo.idays with relative- lo Beike.ey.
j -Miss K. >p nc-r of Kureka, P. G. P., is visiting
I her mo. her in this city.
| Pa.st Grand President Mariana JBertola, Grand
j President Mary K. 'liliman and Grand Secretary
I George C. Kyan during the past week each sent a
1 holiday letter lo every parlor in the Stale, expres
i sive of their feelings at Christmas tide aud ex-
I press ng wishes lor a prosperous new year. In
' her letter Miss Bertolasays: "Our parlors have
j shown true patriotic fervor in providing tiiem
; selves with flags. Many have line silic ones,
others goid bun ting ones, but wh. thers Ik or binn
ing they proclaim aloud the love of c uud < oun
iry that dwells in lue henits ol the Dangtuera ot
tbe Golden Hest. Aft w parlors have niaie no
effort to provide ;hemse;ves with the emblem of
their country. We trust that at the n«-xt Grainl
Parlor evry one will report that they have pro
cured the brightest, dearest symbol of nb. r y that
j waves, and may its biut. '.\hi h is typical of
I justice, its red and white, whien jji;i v.il >r ana
! pur. ty to jusilce, be emblematic oi the spirit that
| reigns in our halls, ahd m.y t-ach s :ir retniuil us
| of ihe divine eye that cas.s is kindly ligut upou
'■ us."
| Miss Jennie C. Kelly, secretary of Bonlta Pnr
ilorot Kedwood City, was in this City last werK.
and reports that h-r panor will shortly give n ba:l
I in n. . uf ue fund being raised to entertain the
I del. gates of id.- Grand i-a-lm of the > alive nous.
Las Lomas Parlor will t;ve its last-ch .nee party
in .mission i arlor Hull next Thursday evening.
Th» bxlOWinß art- thj ollicers of Oro Flno Purlor
i who are to serve for tae next term: .Miss A. Me- |
! Laughlin, I.; Mrs. M. A. Uiue, P. P.; Miss A. !
; Hinck, Miss L. J.aws and Mrs. M. Kapp, vice
j presidents: Mrs. J. Wilght. M.; Miss M. J. Smith.
; H. S.: Miss K. Ueilwig, F. S.; Miss N\ Muicay, T. ;
, Mrs. M. Church, Miss J. Stark and Miss M. H.nck,
| trustees.
Knif»hta of Honor. ■
Last Monday evenins there was a large gather
ing in the hall of Friendship Lodge, it being the
occasioii of an entertainment klve:i by the lodee.
the members of Yeroa Buena and Liberty lodges
attended iv a body, and Past Dictator Jo^, Grand
Dictator ArcliiimV. Supreme Representative
Crowe, Cirand Reporter Johustone and Deputies
Elder. M cLaughlln and Summers were also prey
} enu Th« following programme was presented
durins the ewnlu:: Address, by the grand dicta
tor; musical exercise. l)r Beck; address on fra
ternit.-. iL. V. Joy, P. G D. ; vocal solo, .M. 1.
Crowe: a talk abtni'. Knights of Honor, T. John- '
stoiie, C». P.; reading, "She Ta'ked TooMucii." |
B. I. Solomon: pidim solo, address on the good of j
the order, Ci. J. Vincent, G. T., and 'Charity as j
Practiced by Fraternal Societies," C. H. Hoicomb,
D. Ci. D.
At a meeting of Unity Lodge of Sacramento tbe
grand d.ctator delivned an address and J. C. Car
ioll, L. G. shephird and G. O. Bates ipoke in en
thu.siuftic terms of the order. Two applications
were received that ■ i^ht.
Los Angeles 1 odge last week gave an exempli
fication of true fraternity. It has three of its I
members who have ueen unfor.unme aud f!)r
them Christmas had i.o meHning of gladness
The lodge sent each a letter wishing him a merry.
Christmas, and made t^ie possibility o( such being
a reaity by sending with eaca letter a purse con
taining gold coin.
Knight« .'mii I.a>li«-< of Honor.
Mar:ba Lodge has elec-ed officers a3 follows for
the ensuing term: Albert (iompertz, P. P.; Gos
win Wid'ler, P.: Jenny Nussbaum, V. P.; An
toinette Graff, R. S.; Chariej Lackem-tn, F. S. ;
Herman Friedlander, T. ; Wilhelmine Schoitler,
C. : Mathilda Gompertz, guide; Mertha Israel,
gua r dia-i; Anna Kreisr^r, S.
The following are -hi> new otlicer^ of Fxcelsior
Lonce: Past pres dent, Bolton; presiJent, Brad
street; vice-president. Gable: cnapiatn, Wlm
coinh: secretary. Reed; treasurer, Blackmore:
guide, Sterling: guardian, Farren; sentinel, Whit.
Oraer of Chosen Friends.
The following are the officers of Belmont Coun
cil, recently organiz-d in Belmont by Grand
Councilor Boehm and Grand Recorder Wallis:
J. H. Thomas. P. C. ; P.. B. Spencer. C. : Mrs.
j W. A. Kmmett, V. C; Mtss L. Roussll, L; Mrs.
I W. T. Swift, S.: S. B. Doane, A. 8.; Mrs. W. R.
Snyder, T.: Miss L. Hemerson. P.; Misi F.
Al en, M.: W. F. Young. W.; J. Allen, G.; Charles
Day, S.: Miss V T . Rouselle. organist; J. V. C.
Clark, W. R. Snyder and O. Rousslle. trustees.
j The council is making arrangements for a
I masquerale hall to be given on the evening of Ihe
j 9th OI January.
W. H. Pratt, G. A. C. of Virginia City was in
\ this city last week to attend a session of the ex-
I ecutive coiinr-il.
[ Kmpire Counril has several candidates for in-
I itlaiion this evening.
The grand cooacilor, grand recorder and other
grand otlicers who compose the executive council
paiJ a vi>it to Sunset Council last Saturday
Evans Council is to have a public Installation on
the 14th of January.
Hartley Council. No. 40. with twenty-four
charter members, was recently organizea at Elk
Grove, S^craiuento County, by D. J. Hartley
V. V., one of the most energetic and enthusiastic
members of the order.
Foresters of America,
Court Sutro Heights had an unusually interest-
Ing meeting last Monday night In Liberty Hall.
Alctzar building. There were sst.i t. initiations, and
J. \V. (Jieadell stated that tnero were twenty-threw
applications ready to bi acted upon. It is probable
thatat)eaßt ten candidates will be initialed to-night
This is a good showing for the court, and it evi
dence that the membership has not been Idle.
This court, which has the happy faculty of mak
ing Its fessiom always entertaining, gave a good
programme after the court had been closed. Mr.
Partridge gave several humorous recitations, John
Klcbardsun a vocal so o, K. s. Harding, X.;&, told
about the banquet that is to be give i shortly,
George Qu;nn gave some excellent se ectlons on
the piano, secretary Glead* 1 and A. Muter deliv
ered short addresses, and Powell Fredericks told
some amusing ant-cdoics.
J. S. W. saunderi, Q. S. C. R.; C. H. Bremer, (i
S.. and Jacob Haniueli, O. s. W., a committ-e of
the executive council, will visit San Jose to-mor
row night to <onier with committees from the
coons and circlet of Santa Clara County on the
subject of medlc'ne and medical attendance to
members of ihe oider, and to take some action
about the combine! ion of certain physicians who
are oppose 1 to such a proposition.
On Thursday, January 1., Court Mayflower wiil
publicly install Its officers in Mission Piirlor Hall.
i J. W. Hparrow having r^sltned the office of dep
uty for C otm Western Addition, James M. Lackey
has been appointed to fill the vacancy.
Court Kobin Hood celebrated its twenty -second
anniversary by a grand banquet, .'here were
coders for 175 and everyplace was o.cupled.
There were besides the members aud lady re a
tives and fr ends a few invited guests, including
Superior Judge-elect Carroll Cook and Mrs. Cook.
Sheiiff K. I. Wh-lnn and .Mn Whelan. John W.
WcKenzle and .Mrs. McKenzle, Miss Minna Pow
«II, C:iarle< l.c Long and Mrs. B. Sheridan. There
was a iirnt class menu and nfter the dinner there
was a least, musical and elocutionary. In which F.
C. Henslt-y. cl'airnian of thecommitteeof arranee
mens K. I. Wlie:an, Cnrroll Cook, Jibs Powell,
Josepu llnnson, Mljs Sheridan. Cluirles l.c Lon?.
W. H. Johnson and J. W. McKenzle took part.
The affair was a pleasant one which will lont: be
remeninered by all who participated.
Arthur Kyle of Court Petaluma and Reuben
Hult. recording socretary of Court Saratoga, were
visitors at the office of the giand secretary last
week.
Independent Order of Forester*.
High Chief Kanger McKlfreßh has been making
a tour of the southern part of the sta.e, visiting
Court, Kedlands, Court Han Bernardino, Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
Alfalfa, Court San Antonio, Court Downey, Court
Santa Monica, and on the 23d he visited Court
MAnzanlta at Jackson, A mador:Conntv. On the
2 r itli he was with Court Golden West at Sutter
Creek, and to-night he will be with Court Hang
town. Plncerville. The high chief ranger will be
in i llls city at the close of the month on his way
to Los Ange es, «here he will Install the officers
elect, of the eleven lerjre courts of that city. : On
the evening of. the 31st Inst. he will be present at
an open meeting and smoKer to be given . by court
Diana of this City and will deliver one. of those
imeiestlng addresses that have made him famous.
The beneficiary certificate ■ ' in ; behalf of the
wid ,w of the iate M. Benn>n;, a member of Court
Diana, was drawn in her favor twenty days afitr
de-th. ... .-;  - -..,. •■ :. ' ■
The iriemb»rnhlp of the order on the Ist Of last
October whs 99,018 and the surplus fund ou the
Ist of Noveniuer was $1,942,415.
Companions t>f the i'ore«t, A. O. T".
Mrs. V. Beverson, supreme gra-.id chief com
r&iiion, a "d Mr*. F. X. Morrow, supreme grand
sec re ory, viiiie.t Valley Circle in Stockton last
Monday, and they were tendered a very cordial
reception and well entertained.
Sequoia Circle reports that it is doing well in the
metropolis of Ilumboldt County.
Mrs. Minnie Anii.-r, P. .-. C. C, Is still confined
to her home by Illness. ■ . '■ •
Monday, January 4, Sherwood, America, Loyal
and Minerva circles will Install their officers. The
installation of America and Loyal circles will be
puttie. . .
Improved Order of IJed Men.
15a!d Eagle Tribe has changed its meeting night
from Friday to Wednesday.
Ahwanee Trlbeof Kast Oakland, recently organ
ized, is reported as doing well and adopting new
palefaces at almost every council.
Altamas Tribs at its last held meeting conferred
the degrees on ten en itled to receive them.
Past Great Sachem Garb.-r of Marvsvllie visited
Great Chief of Kecords C. F. Burgman last week.
Arrangements ar» being made for a visit of a
laigp iielegation from various tribes In the reser
vat.on to Tahoe. Tribe in January during the ice
carnival.
A committee from Oshonee Tribe has called for
a committee from all trioes to meet ai an early
day for the purpose of discussing a proposition to
estab i<h h home for the orphans of Red Men.
An effort Is being male to re-establish the tribe
In Honolulu of wlilcli ihelate King Kaiakaua was
once sachem, and an application has been made to
place i. in the Callfor.ua reservailon. 'Ihe tribe,
which was uniier th^ jurisdiction of the Great
Council of the I tilted States, had at the time it
ceased to exist paraphernalia valued ai $4000
The matter has beeu referred to Great Incohoned
KoberiT. Griffin.
Degree of I'ocahontas.
The Christmas tree festival given b/ Montezuma
Council was very enjoyable, ana it was attended
by a very large numb-'r of ppople, who filled
Washington Hail, Red Men's building, to its ca
pac ty. The mas'.cr of ceremonies wai Mrs. L.
J. Pinkhatn, and Mrs. Gould, Mrs. Harris, Mrs.
sterilnir, Mrs. Sterner aud Mrs. Candage were t lie
reception committee. The fo. lowing pi ogrum me
was successruilycarried out: I'l.mu solo. Mrs. Vina
iCuton; f^ncv dMiice. Miss Amanda Kopf: violin
anu uiano selection. Miss i'e»r. Connesaa d Mrs.
Peail llarrs; recitation. Mils Grace Deering:
mandolin orchestra. Nuit d'Amour (Walter),
nccturn; sun; and (lancu, Miss Amanda Kopf;
Xci: ;r bOlo, selected, R. (ieddi's: flag dance,
Georgia Hacon and friend; Proiessor Charles F.
oroeber's Mandoliu Club. Dancing followed.
In. 1)ni;.1..
Last Monday night Roma Grove Initiated two
candidates and received four applications. That
night the grove was visit a by the gran 1 officers,
and they were entertained at a banquet gotten up
in their honor.
On Tueslay nlu'ht Hesperian Grove conferred
the second uegree.
At its last meeting Templar Grove had two ini
tiations anl received cwoappll utlons.
'Ihe re ief committee on last Monday elected
the fo lowiuk oilie?r>: A franeovicb. P.; P.
Hoax, ». 1 uri.'ii; the pas- term th* committee did
.some very cooa work with the tonlri outions it
no ived, asUstinj a number of members of the
orer who »'. re in dis.res*.
Boadicea Circle i-t making arrangements for a
party :o be given al a i early date.
Young Men's Institute.
Th* per capita tax, second installment, falls due
on the Ist of January.
The council of Oakland and Alameda will cele
brate V. M. I day on their side of the biy.
The local Y\ tt. 1. day celebration committee Is
] bold ng srequent metlngs to complete arrauge
j ments ior tlie proper observance of the day.
St. Vincent Council will in the early part of
January dedicate Us new hall.
B,orromean ( onncii will give an entertainment
on he 3d or Fetnary and Ignatlan Council will
give a ball on the -'Id of January.
All the preliminaries for the organization of
Cathedral council nuve bten arranged and it wi 1
j probably be instituted shortly after New "Year's
i day.
The officers of Columbian Council elected last
\Vein=sd»y will be Installed on the 13th or
January. , :
The reports for the current quarter are due on
the last nay of the present month. '
I A new council, composed exclusively or Aus
trians, will be instituted In this City on the 29th.
Knights of Pythias.
The following named are the officers of Forest
Hill Company. L . R.. recently his ituted at Forest
| Hill by Brigadier-General Herman .'•chaffner (re
tired), assised by General C. F. McGlnshan and
I Colonel T. A. Nerner: c. A. BurleUh. captain; J.
j A. Garrison, lieutenant; W. Y. Hollander, herald;
i W. W. Mitchell re^oider; Edward Kavanauifh,
treasurer: 11. C. Klein, guard, and F. G. Crockett,
sentinel.
Olympic Company, instituted at Grass Valley
last Monday by Brigadier McGlashan. assisted by
I General Schalfner. Colonel Nerney and officers
and members of Mountain C>mpaay of Nevada
City and t'olfax. Company, chose the following
named as officer* for the current term: Martin
Wa lace. captain; W. G. Lord, lieutenant; R. K.
Carter, herald: John Davey, recorder: C. K.
( lint h. treasurer: Thomas erase, guard, and O.
W. I attison, sentinel.
Next Wednesday the First Regiment of the U.
R. will, give a reception social, and eolation In
PytLian Castle. . .
Knights of the Golden Eaul«.
Last Wednesday California Castle conferred the
third decree on a candidate, who was so elated
over the eve-it that he in vied nil the members to
a hiu.quci he hail prepared lor the occasion.
Next Wednesday there nfii b" a choice In all the
castles of on cert for the "rand castle.
Alpha Council will give a ( hrlstmas festival in
Union-squar: Hall and California Castle at the
close of business will visit the hall in a body.
Friends of the Forest.
Another parlor, Bohemian, will be Instituted
after the Ist of January.
Lincoln Parlor will change Its meeting night
to the first and third Thursdays of each month.
Ladies of the Grand Army.
The officers Of James A. Garfleld Corps, W. R.
C, will install Its officers on the evening of tho sth
of January. ;; . • - i. 1 "
The officers of Lyon Relief Corns will be in
stalled in Oakland on th.- evening of the 6th of
January.
Mis.' Whlteslde, a prominent member of Seven
Pines ci c«s, wife or Profe^ROr James H. White
side, has gone to Red field, lowa, to visit relatives
she has not seen for forty yean a large number
of friends wisied her a pleasant journey and a
safe return to her home in this City.
Sons of Veterans.
During the present month the missionary com
mittee of the Sons of Veterans has visited a num
ber of the organizations of the G. A. H. and It has
created an enthusiasm In behalf of the sons of the
old soldiers. The committee called on Oarfield
Post and relief corps, Meode Post and corps, Lin.
coin Post and Seven Pines Circle, L. or ihe O. A"
H., and for the future has aranged visits as fol
lows: January 14, Lincoln Relief Corps: 19th,
George ii. Thomas Post, and it is now arranging
lor visits to Liberty and Ctss posts. The commit
tee has met with a cordial reception wherever It
has calie.i. ■
Fair Oaks Camp will install its officers on the
evening of the 7th of next month an i then give a
high jl ks Mhi! captain-elect will announce his
staff this evening. ,
Order of , Pendo, '
(io'.den Ga'.e Council elected the following of
ficers last Monday: Mr* M. J. Fngen, P. C.; J. j.
>agen, C: George Waterman, V. c; Ernest Du
den, s. . William T. Jones, T. ; Mls Kate Geary,
C ; Miss Hannah E. Morre 1, G.: Miss Mabel <iray,
W.; Alexander Williams, sentinel ; Dr. C. Parent,
M. !•:.: J. J. swanson, A. J. Colby and M. C. Rich
ardson, trustees. ... ■: ._ . ,;.. ••-.,.;
. Protetion Council was organized with a large
charier list, In Montana, on the 16th inst.
, Ladles of the Maccabees. :
Mrs . Henrietta Cook, . D. P. C, will officially
visit and conduct the annual: review of hives as
follow :' Mission Hive, ' this ; evening: : Alameda
Hive, to-morrow. Golden Gate Hive, Wednesday
and Modin Hive. Thursday .
. Mission Hive has leased the hall at 2117 V, Mis
sion street and named it Mission Maccab.-e Temple
Miss on Tent. K. O. ('. M.. will have its quarters
In the same hail. The ladles of this hive are ar
ranging for a party in the near future, to defray
the expenses of fi.tlng up the temple. , , ■ '
Modln hive In this City and Alameda Hive
across the bay were recently instituted by Deputy
Supreme Commander Mrs. Henrietta Cook.
Sons of Benj unln.
Pacific Lodge at its quarterly meeting, held last
Monday,' elected the following officers for the j en
suing term; s. Berel, P. Henry htern, V. P.; L.
Conn, T. ; J. Lab»l, F. S. ; R. B. Roberts, R. S.; J.
Gibbs, C: A. Mon^cb, sentinel. ■
<■ Woodmen of the World.
l-.edwood Camp No. 91 has elected the following'
officers for the next term: 11. C. Smith, p. c. C; '
William; J. Miller, C. C: George Baltic, A. L.:"
P. H. bavagp,* banker (fifth , term) ; Thomas : F. ;
Uattou, x clerk (eighth term); ■; J. C. Ward. W.: ■
James Fit zpatrick,'" 8. ; W. W. Peck, manager for
eighteen months, J. F. Harmon for twelve months
and P.. Luckow:for six months. These orticer3
will be public, installed on Thursday evening
January 14. ;j of late this camp : has % had many
visitors at its meetings, including many from the
Portland (Or.) jurisdiction.
■■.■--■ ■ - - - - ... * . ■ ■ -.■■--".."'
FOLKS PREFERRED
TO HUG THE STOVE
So There Was No Great
Crowd at the Park
or Beach.
Strong Men Surpass Themselves
in Rope- Tugging at Sutro's
Baths.
The Records of Teams Taking Part
in the Tournament— lndian
Relics Presented.
Yesterday was an off day in Golden
Gate Park in consequence of the threaten
ing clouds. Still there were a number
who were venturesome enough to prom
enade tne walks and go to the conserva
tory and the museum. A few juveniles
went to the play grounds, and not a few
took possession of the recreation grounds
to play baseball as it is played on a wet
diamond.
During the week Superintendent of the
Mint John Dagpett presented to the
museum a very rare and valuable collec
tion of Indian reiics collected by him in
the early days of California in Siskiyou
and Shasta counties, when the Diggers
were more numerons than they are now.
Tne collection, which is made up of thirty
seven lo;s, includes all that was used by
the Aborigines before they took to Ameri
can customs. There are baskets, hat
woven of grass, mortars, implements used
in cooking, fishing and hunting, of that
class winch has b en discarded by the
Diggers wi.h the advance of civilization.
T:iere is also a collodion of acorns, meal
and other articles which were used as food,
and ot bows and arrows.
Mrs. G. W. Ethell of this City has do
nated a small piece of a door from the old
heathen castle in the Society Islands.
Models of the bridge that is now in
course of construction have been placed
in the Commissioner's office in the lodge.
They give a very good idea of what the
ntrucuirn will look like when completed.
The models are in plaster of paris and are
ornamented with small figures modeled
by Dou lass Tilden.
On the northern slope south of the main
drive, between "Chicken Point" and |
"Cyclers' Rest," a great number of ferns |
have been planted, an i when these flour- j
isb they will present a very preity effect, j
There was not a very large crowd of peo- !
pie at the beach, but there were a goodly
number in Siuro Baths to watch the tug
of-war.
The first tue of the afternoon was be
tween Sweden and Norway. The men of
the two teams were fresh and appeared to
be willing to work for the supremacy. On
the first tug Norway gained one cleat but
in a minute lost it. Afterward the Nor- j
wegians eained an advantage over the
boys from Sweden and pulled them over
tbe line without stopping, winning the !
tug in 10 minutes and 12 seconds. This
gives Norway the victory over Portugal
and Sweden.
The next to come to the front were the |
mpn from Portugal, who were matched to I
men those from Germany, who took their !
places on the platform to the enlivening
strain of "Die Wacht am lihein."
The Germans got the advantage on the
start, and after two minutes gained two |
cleats afier considerable pulling back and ;
forih. Urged by their captain and coacber |
and cries of the audience oi "Pull, Ger
many, pull," the Germans pulled hard
and strong, gained one cleat, lost it and
then, with a mighty effort, got away with
tbe tug in 5:15 minutes. Germany has
now defeated Slavonia, Sweden and Por
tugal, and has been defeated by America,
Ireland and Canada.
The next strain on the roDe was between
Denmark and Canada. In ten seconds
Canada gained one cleat, in one minute
had two cleats and id 2:45 minutes they
pulled their opponents over the line with
out very much trouble. Canada's record
is: Won from Portugal, Slavonia, Italy,
Germany and Denmark without a de-eat.
It also has a tie with Denmark, and this
pud settled that.
The next tug was between the giants,
tne United SatesS ates and Ireland, and it was
the lirst time that these teams had faced
each other. There was an unusual inter
est manifested by the spectators in this
event, as each had about an equal number
of friends. Ireland got half a cleat on
the start, but at the end of fifty seconds
lost it. For half a minute the indicator
wavered under the center point, but the
boys from the United States held their
ground, and after a few seconds' rest gave
one strong pull and hauled their oppon
ents over a cleat at a time and never gave
them a chance to recover themselve". Tne
United States won in two minutes amidst
the wildest cheering that has ever been
heard in the vast buildinc Tue great
strain to accomplish the fent was notice
able in the anchorman, who was unable to
rise unassisted. He was so weak that he
had to be assisted by ttvo men to his
dressing-room. The Uniied States team
has won from Italy, Norway, Gsrmany,
Denmark, Slavonia and Ireland and has
not suffered defeat.
The last tug of the day was between
Italy and Slavonia. There wa3 a great
deal of straining before the indicator
commenced to move, but when it did it
went over with a rush and Italy won in
2 minutes and 5 seconds. This team now
stands: Won from Slavonia, defeated by
Sweden, Canada, America and Denmark
and a tie with Norway.
The record s amis as follows:
Team.
Won.
Lost.
0
0
2
2
3
4
4
-,-■*.'«;?
6
1
erica.
Canada........ '....;..
Ireland :.........."...;.....'..
i c dinar it " .....:...■ ; . . .
Norway
1ta1y.....
German?.....
Slavoriia ......; ;..... ..........
P0rtuga1 .:.... ;...'..
8wetieu... .....•.;
«
5
4
3
a
i
•2
0
0
5
The tournament will continue Sunday
next and tlie following Sunday.
There was an unusually larpe number
of people at the Haight-street grounds to
witness the balloon ascent by Emil Marke
berg, the ride down the chutes by Brown,
the one-legged ryclist, the globe act down
the chutes by Kro;o anJ the other aitrac- v
tions.
SUPREME LAW OF THE LAND.
Oar Constitution Is the Test to Which
All Laws Must Be Brought.
"The constitution of tbe United States
is the supreme law, and every law o! Con
gress, every State constitution and every
State law must be brought to tbe test of
this supreme law, and is valid or invalid
as it stands, or fails to stand, that test,"
writes ex-President Harrison in an article
on "The Judicial Department of the
Government" in the Ladles' Home
Journal. "The interpretation and en
forcement of the National constitu
tion and laws could not, for several
reasons, be left to the State courts.
Unifority of interpretation would be im
possible if the Supreme Appellate courts
of the States could, each for itself and
finally for the people of the particular
Sta c, construe the National constitution
and laws. And especially questions af
fecting the conflicting powers of a State
and of the Naiionul Government could not
be left to the decision of the State court.
If the powers given to the National Got
eminent were to be maintained and uni
formly and beneficially exercised it was
essential that the final judicm! determina
tion of the scope and limits of these
powers should be confided to National
courts. It would not have done in IS<sl to
submit the question of the ri.'ht of a State
to secede from the Union to the (Supreme
Court of South Carolina."
Explanation.
The arrow file* with the wind. The top figure*
at fltatlon Indicate maximum temperature for th«
days; those underneath It, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted llnfs, pqual temperature. Th«
word "hieh" means hluh barometric pressure and
is usually aoeomuaniPd by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is u«nally preceded
and accompanied by clondy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first uppt-ar on the Washington
coast. When the prossure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. Wliha«'hl?h" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
"WKATHKK BUIUSAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aghicui>
TfRE, Wkatheb Bureau, S\an Francisco. Dec.
27, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last
season:
Eureka 17.43 inches, last season 15 56 inches;
Red Bluff 9.87 Inches, last season 8.66 Inches:
San Francisco 10. 14 inches, last season 4. 10 inches;
Fresno 3.66 inches, last season 1.11 inches; >nn
Luis Obi^po 6.71 inches, last season 4.00 inches:
Los Angeles 3.87 inches, last season 1.71 Inches:
San Dieso 2.73 Inches, !33t season 1.57 Inches;
Yuma 1.14 inches, last season .82 of an inch.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 49, mean 54. Rainfall during the past
24 hours, .79 of an inch.
The storm which was central last evening off
th« Washington coast recurved to the westward
during the nik'ht, but is approaching the coast
again this evening. It now appears to be moving
suulheastward and Is apparently central off the
Oregon coast. Conditions are favorable for a
repetition of the high southeast winds and rain of
yesicrdity. Rain has fallen during the past 12
hours throughout Northern California and In Ore
gon and WailiinKion.
>;i>nn southeast signals have been contlnufd
along ihe California coast from San Francisco
nonh ward for what appears lo be a severe storm
central uff the Oregon const. High southeast
winds are probable and dangerous gales may occur
from San Fran- isco northward.
Forecrtstni.de at ran Francl'co for SO hours
ending midnight. December 28. 1896:
Nortuern California— Rain Monday: high sou tn
i'hsi winds nud perhaps dangerous gales on the
northern coast.
. w outhern Caifornla— Cloudy Monday and prob
ably rain In northwest portion; brisk southeast
erly winds.
Nevada— Probably ra!n Monday.
L'lah— Partly clouJy Mo any.
Arizona— Probub y fair Monday.
Sail Francisco and vicinity— Rain Monday;
high southeasterly winds
W. H. Hammon. Forecast Official.
OCEAN STEAMERS
£>atf>s of Departure From San FrnncUen.
STKAMKR
ACiIJJUICO. ..
Sia.e Ot Urtl.
Belglc
Australia. ..
Kureka
CUy I'ueblß
Czarina
bauta Roaa.
Arcaia
Sunol
Coos 8ay.. . .
Columbia. ..
Pel None...
Homer
DKSTIN-ATXOS. I H a 1 1,* | riitl.
Panama..'....'. I Dec 'J9.15S * I I'M * S
Portland...... Dec 29.10 am : PIT 24
Uhtna.fc Japan Dec 29. Ira I'M MS
Honoluln .... Pec 29. 2pm Pier 7
Newport ...... Dec 'IV, uu Plar 11
Vie & rift Snd Dec 30,- J»aii Pier >
Coos 8ay...... Deo 30, Bp 4 l'ier 8
i>nn D1ea0..... Dec 31. Ham l».»rlL
Loos Hay Deo 31. 10am Pier 13
Grays Harbor. Jan 3. I'iu Pier i
Nvwpor: :...-. .Lan 2. !>isi Pier 11
Portland Jan 3.lUaii Ple'il
Grava Harbor. Jan 8....... '...:..:..'.'
Ynqiilna Buy. .fan f>. spii PI or 2
ha I t»l
| Plica.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
>Ti-AMKR
KIMIM
Dp*
I Cleone ...i. I Crescent v Dec 28
Trucltee .... Tillamook 8ay.......... Dec 28
Czarina... 'Coos Bay Dec 29
fianta How .... I >an Die -o ............ .".lies 29
A1cazar......:.. Grays Harb0r....... Dec 80
I'oiuona ........ HumoolJ. Hay. ......;.. ..Use SO
C010mbia. .:.... I'orUand .*. Dec 31
Walla Walla. i Victoria * I'asel Sounl ..Dec 31
Colon I Panama...... ........... ..Dec 31
Crescent City... Crescent. Ulljr „ Jan 1
coos 8ar....... Newp0rt.';...'.."..;. ..;... ..Jan 1
Dpi None 'irays Unr00r. .:........ Jan 1
Kara110n.. ...... | Vnqulna war..".... Jan 8
H0mer.......... Yaquina ±)ar... .•.....;.. ..Jan 3
' Ailceßlanchard roriiand ....;.. ...... ..Jan 3
Arcata. ..'....... Coos Bay ..Jan 5
I Slate of Cat.... Portland.;;.-...:......".;; ..Jan 5
j Nofhr Kort. :■:■-■' llnmho'd;. Bay. .. . . :tn ' 6
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. P. Coast and Okodktic Survey Tidki
. Bulletin- Published by Official V
AUTHORITY OF THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
December— lß9s.
t Mondii-. December 28
Pnn rlnw 7.251 Moon risen I.llam
bun set* 4 59 1 Moon set*. ..
r • Fee . j ■] Fee: __^ Feet r'm~ Feat
V H*W 11. -v' I ■■■■'.. H -> I. \V
:s| ti.us 57b~T7T5T
L W i ■::■• B W
19 0.15 2.7 6.5
tO -1.18 2.9 7.40
li 2.18 a.O 8.26 j
«.i 7.101 3 7 ......I ....
I. w . 1 1 \V
P. 7 M.o.i -1.0 9.01 3.9
5.9 8.0 l» -1 6 1u.14 4.»
6.1 -4 -1.9 11.14 4.3
Note— In the above exposition of the tide* th»
early rooming tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to tlmo. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and tne last or right
hand column gives the last tide of tbe d«y, except
when tbere are bat three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. T.'in heights given are additions to tbe
sounding* on the United states Coast Survey
charts, except wh*n a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlv*
from the deoth given by I be charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS
A braneb of the United Stares Hydrographte
Ofllce located In the Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained In Saa Francisco for the benefit of
mariner* without regard to nationality and tree oi
exnense.
i Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are keot on hani for com
par.aon and reference, and the latest information
oan always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ooau
commerce.
Tbe time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day irora th«
United States Naval Ob erva ory a: Mare Island.
Cat.
A notice stating wneiher the tlmo bail wa*
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any, is
puhiishoJ the tarns day uy the afternoon paper*,
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. tt. HUORKS.
Lieutenant U. 8. N.. in cbarc*>
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrive 1.
SUNDAY, December 27.
Btmr Eureka, Parsons, 85 hours from Newport
aud way ports; pans and mdse, to (ioodall, Perkins
<tCo.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 18 hours from Fore Bragg;
pass and nidse, to J S Kimball.
Stmr Peru, Frlele, 25 days from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 15 days, a hours and 25 mm: pass and
mdse, to P M S S.
Br ship Andrlna, Smith, from Newcastle, NSW.
. I arrived off this port Dae 26. and was' orderel : to
proceed to Puget Sound by the pilot boat Grade s.
Hr shin li iddckf 1. Oudney,' 85 flays from | New
' castle, NSW ; 4050 tons coal, to R B Hogue.
i :. Hr bark Forfarshire. Evans, 07 days frosn New-.
, rastle. NSW; 1961 tons coal, to J D Spreckels &
' Bros Co. ' ' "■• : " ■ .--.-.
-- - Salted. ■ ' .. ■ -•;,?•'.'
~J... -J J: j SUNDAY. December 27.
' Stmr Bonlta, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
! Stmr South Coast. Hanson. Eureita.
Stmr Corona. Je sen. San Dieao and way ports.
S'mr Point Arena, strand. Mendoclno.
• ■ Stmr Farailon. Roberts, Van ulna Bay. • .
' ftmr Homer. .lessen, Coos Bay. ■
Stmr Albion.'Lundqulst. l ■
; Schr Jennie Ihelin. Hansen, Coos Bay. ■ ■. ;■
bcjjr .Nettie Low, Low, Point Keye*.
, Telejiraplilc.'
POINT LOBO3." Dec. 27.— 10 p. It— Weathe!
cloudy: wind SE: velocity 12 miles.
• "pokfln. j
Dec 23— Per Br ship Falls of Hallada'e— Twenty
ml.es SW of tue Farallones a ship or the Burn
: line.; ... r •; ■■ -■ ; ■ . --'■ ■'. •■. '■■•■ii
Per Forfarshire— On Dec 23 about 200 miles W
of I olnt Beyes schr Balvator, from Ta.-oma, for
San Pedro.' '
On Dec 27 about 80 miles WSWof the Faral
lones sc.ir Mary Buune, hence Dec 22, for La Lib- j
er: ad.
r; '_•;;:.; Dome«tiO Port*.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 27— Schr
Challenger, hence Dec 10. .
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Dec 27— Schr Gen
Ban nine . ■
r TACOMA— Arrived Dec 27— Schr Meteor, from
Port Townsend. "
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 3tmrs Noyo and
South Coast, hence Dec 20.
' TACOMA— Dec 27— Schr Maweema.hce
Dec 15. ,
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed Dec 27-Scnr Moro,
for ban Francisco. rv^"i'" :
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steara«-|.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre; stmr Russia, from Hamburg;
stmr Veendam, from Rotterdam.
HAVRE— Arrived out Dec 27— Stmr La Bour
gogoe. •'. ■■, ■ r '/ - ... : ■
B °aUEENSTOWN-Salled Dec 27— Stmr Auranla,
tor New York.
. ,•• Importations.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— l pkgmdse, 1 bx
electrical goods, 1 lo; furniture. 5 sks potatoes, 1
cs dry toads. 2.8 M ft lumber, .1 pkg sundries.
SAN SIMKON— Per Eureka— 4 cs eggs, . 1 bdl D
hides. 4 sks abalones. 43 dressed calves. ' '
i Port Harford— l sk twin*, 2 bxs flsh. 16 -cs eggs,
12 bxs butter, 2 bbls mineral water, 9 bdis bides
and pelts, 119 Bk3 bean.i. •
Ciavloia— 2 bxa butter, 25 sks crawfish.
Mania Barbara— l bbl whisky, 107 bxs persim
mons, 1 bx shoes, 2 bxs batter, 69 bxs lemons, 1
pkg lancets.
Corptnieria— 2 bbls paint, 1 bx orances.
Ventura— 2B6 sks corn, 40 bxs lbmons, 7 cs eggs,
28 sks garden seed. ■;- -';»;"•' t.''.''
| lire :erue— 1 lot household goods.
East Han Pedro and San Pearo— 22 bxs oranges.
| 42 bxs miner, 1 ci old iron, 322 sks corn, 1 roll
j rubber, 14! bxs oranges.
Newport — si) oxs oranges".
H ON KON (J-Per Peru— l l62 pkgs matting, 43
piegs silk goods. 10 pkss parcels, : 2187 pkgs
or uses. 408 pkits coffee, SOU pkgs nemo, 30 pkgs
curios. 580 pkgs oil, . 2527 pkgs tea, 271 pkgs
rice. 7370 pkm indse.
I Overland— l4s pkgs matting, 61 pkgs silk goods.
; 8» pkg parcel-, 609 pkgs pkgs curios, 1.279 pkgs
] raw silk, 1262 pkgs tea, 465 pkgs rice, 660 pkgs
. nid.se.
I - Central and South America— lß pkgs silk goods,
: 272 pkgs rice, 132 pkgs mdse.
' Consignee*.
| Per Noyo— Jacob Wibber; Goodvear Rubber Co;
i Barbier bros; Westlngbouse Electric Co: Union
Lumber Co; A & T Weil & Co; E G Lewis: f-achs
Bros. v • i
Per F.ureka— L Scatena <fe Co: J H Cain & Co; A
Gerberdlns & Co: Ullmer. Bred hoff& Schulz; A
I Roth & Co; Uoodveor Rubber Co; Jonas Erlanger
j & Co; Beuder Wood, Curtis & Co: Chaix A
I Bernard; UK Whitney Jt Co ; Braver <fe Grasshoff: !
! Sunset Seed and Plant Co : Spring Valley Water i
I Co: D E Allison & Co : Wellman, Peck <fe Co; O R<fc
N C>: Dodce. Sweeney & Co : J lvancovicb & Co:
Wbeaton. Breon & Co: American Union Fish Co:
Will ams. Marvin & Co; Philadelphia Brewery;
I Hllh Kris; APaladinl: JBlnguKlia: Hillsßros:
I H N Tllden <fcCo: Russ, Sander* <SCo: TStre.ck;
I Witzel (fe Baker: Marshall & Reim rs: J X Kestler;
| Dairymen's Union: II Klrcbmann & Co: Neville &
Co: E R Stevens it Co Marshall, Teggart & Co; J
i Schweitzer <& Co: Standard Oil Co : H Dutard: X X
] Mevem&Co: Western Meat Co: Bisslnger & Co:
Dairymen's Union; Chin Montgomery <& Co; S
I Levy & Co: Brlgham, Hoppe ik Co.
I Per Peru— Parrott Co; Milton Shirley: Lon-
I don, Paris and American Bank; Wetmore Bros; H
, B data; Benj Curtaz: W P Lewis; F n SanforJ it
'■ Co: M J KrandenstPin & Co: a tie!o- Calif Titian j
: Bank: Daniel Meyer: D E Allison & Co; Blauch
| ard & l'age; E Lichten erg: 1 abbs Cordage Co: M
i shlbata: L Scatena A Co: FuljlCo: F A Wheeler;
! Llevre. Frlcke «fc Co-. v«rioo« Chin°Be merchant*.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COASTJSTEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOAD WAY jOsA m
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: wiillnir
For Man- Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Jnneau, KM-
Ilsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Dec. 10. '-!«.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- i
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and ;
New Wiatcom (BeMineham Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
Dec. 1 5,10, 15, 20, 26, 30, and every tilth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with "the C. P. R. 1
i 1.., at Tacoma with N. P. P.. R., at Seattle with (i. )
1 R. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcafa and Fields Undine (Hum. I
; holdt Bar), str. Pomona 2 p. m.. D.-c. 3, 7,11, 15,
' 19. US. 27, 3!. and every fourth day thereafter. -
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncoa,
I Port narford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa '
i ■Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
I l'edro (Los Angeles) - and .Newport, at 9 A.M.' 1
\ Dec. 1. 5, 9, 18, 17, HI, 28, 29, and every foan.li
j day thereafter. . . ■ .
For s»n Diego,; stopping only at Port Kariorl
1 (San Luis Obtspo), .^anta Barbara, Port Los An- :
reles, Kedondo ( Los Angeles) and Newport, 111
A.M. JDec.3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 33, i; 7, 31, and every fourth ,
day thereafter. I
For Knsenada, Han Jose del Cabo.'Mazatlan, La j
Pa? and; Gnaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10 i
A. M. 26th of each month. .- _l
ihe Company reserves right to change steamers j
or' sailing dates. Ticket office— Hotel, 4 I
Few Montgomery street. j
GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
-; 10 Market St.. San Francisco.- i
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMKRB TO I
FOR.TH.AN X> !
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T)"lj<f»M2 Kir»t-cla8» \- Including
-rYXVJViSi. Second-class /berth & meal»
VJ; - ' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: \
State of California...... ...Dec. 19, 29, Jan. 8 '
C01umbia.... ................. Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 3 ;
Through tickets and through baggage to all.
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to j
F. F. CONNOR. Oenerni A^ent,
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO.. Superintendent*
J fjfei^S^ B« Tuesday, December '2dl ,
i <?Si, ■ mSi — -^ at 'Z p. m. Special party :
fMgpnK|Bj> rates. AUSTRALIA for j
rSSliillK ""N <>1. r I, U only.
• »■«■■■• Tuesday, December '29.
M -, at '2 p. m. Special party
O^/ — L" > T&tea. t*. K. Zi-.ala.n-
isfpamcn|nj i> ; a sails v itt no\o-
Sl&&dr CylWl!!lJlll r ' v/ -LULU and AUCK-I
K3Ps*r (Qfllßfinih LAND for SYDNEY, I
*KllipvH«f7- Thursday, January 7, at I
2P.M. ■•■■. '■« .• :■.**.:■ •-•>.•-.-.. ■:--■■ i ■:> I
" Line to COOLQ ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN, i
South Afrion. .-■ v
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO^'Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St.. ban Francisco.
COJIPAGifIEGESERAL TRAJISATLISf ''
French ' Line to Havre.
COMPANY* PIEK(XEW),42 NORTH VMSb
\J River, foot Of Morton St. Travelers by «s*?^SJ
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small j
boat. sew York to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris, •
first class $160/ second class 116. < .
LA BKETAONE .....:..:. .....:.Jan. 2, sa. X. '
LANORMAVDIE ..Jan. 9, 9a. m . !
L.VCHAMPAUNE Jan. 16, 10 a m.
LA BOUHuOGSE Jan. 23, 6A. M.
LA (4A5C0GNK.. ............... Jan. 30, 9 a.m.
JDS" For further particulars apply to
: A. FOKuhT, Agent,
>'o. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FTJG^ZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ETOCKTOr STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At « V. M. Daily, .freight received us
■ .■ ' ■ ,',: >■'/ JtO »:3l> P. Jl. ■-. ■■ . ■■■ . ■ ■:■,.,'
tar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'i ts only line making tbrouch rates on Vails*
Road freight. . w -
STEAMERS: :
T. O. Walker, ', J. D. Peters.
Wary tiarratt,; : .i City of .Stockton.
Telephoua Main 805. Cat. Kav. and ImDL C*
fALIEJO AMD U. S. HAYYYARD.
SIKAMER ''JIONTICELLO," f*l'
Dally ex. Sa'.. 4 Sun.. »10:30 A.M.. 4 and 9 p. V
Saturdays.../."....;..... »10:30 a. m., 4 f. m.
Sundays •••....... ...V.... ....... ....8 F. id
Landing Mlsslon-stree-- Docic, Pier 2.
Telephone Black 261.
tSxcarsJoctolp. giving a huura at yavy-Yard. j
FOR SAW JOSE, LOS GATOS «& SAXTACRUZ
OTKAMKH .ALVISO LEAVES PIER S 1 MOV
uay. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a.m.' Alviso
•1 uesdaF, Thursday. SatMday. at 3 p. m!^ FVe^h?
a! vi n HS |f. nge^ o» reb «^een San Francisco and
AM so 50c; ™ San Jose. 75c Clay su, Pier 1
•M W. Santa Clara st., aaij Jose. ' ■ -
MOUNT TAMALPAIST
, Co^^allr^ad^ WUh North PaoIfl «
WEKK DAYS- Leave a a. m ' 1 >4.\ . i >.
Tickets for sale In Mill VaTey or 7 ' i6 '-»
| RAILROAD TRAVEL
S.F. AND PORTLAND EXCUR-
SION TRAIN. v
DEC. 29, Jan. 3, 8. 13, 18, 23, 2air
And livery Firth Day Thereafter. XT
Leave *iom n. P. (o.'s Ferry Landing, Foot off
market Street, a;. 8:'J0 p.m.
CDCPIAI i O1 A Including Her
Or tU AL ' 014 Tourist Sleeper.
RATES ■'.» $21 Br «r Jra
For further Information apply at 61.* Marks:
street (Grand Hotel Ticket Office), san Francisco.
BICHAKD GRAY. T. H. GOODMAN.
: Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Ar.
THE SAN FRASCiSCO Alii 841 J!)A(|UJ.H
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPAII.
REGULAR , PASSKNUEH TRAINS LEAV.
JLV S:oc<ton at 7:20 A. M. dolly, excepting Sun-
days, tor Merced, Fresno and way satiom. c on-
I nectin,' bo.ii I ayes Washington-street wharf. Mm
Francisco, via California .Navigation a:nl im-
provement Company at 6 p. m. daily, exceptlig
Saturdays, f JOHN' MOSS, Traffic Manager.
SOITUI'.RN I'A«.'I»'IC COMPAJiT.
(PACIFIC inriK.)
Trnlna Icara and arc tine to itrrlve al
MAN FItANCIKI'O.
MtAVE— From November 7, 1.00 p. m., 1896. -armvj
•6:0Oa Kiles, Ban Joso and Way Stations ... s7-t 3\
7j»Oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Hint.. 8:43f
Benida, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. Oroviilo and Redding via
Davis 6i4Sp
7:8Oa Kartinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6sl3>
•s2»©A Nilt>3, Sail Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Murj-svilla and lied
Uluir 4tlSp
•B:SoAPeters and Milton «7aBt
8:00 a New Orleans Express, Raymond (for
Yosemite), I'resno, Bakers Hold,
Santa Rarhara, I.os Angeles, Dem-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East. ; .' 4i4S>
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4 :4Sp
8:00 a Vallelo 0:15p
....... Nilcs, San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7:1.
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *D:OOp
fli3op Port Costa and Way Stations. i?:43r
: 4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
Santa »i 13*.
4:00p Benicia, VacavUle, Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro- &
Tille and Kacruniento 11:114 1
4:30p Nlles, San Jose and LiTermore B:4oiJk
4:30p Los Angeles Exi>rvsn, Stockton, *^^
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 10i45a
4iBop Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East 1 0:43 a
6:OOp European Mail, Ogdcn and East.... 9:4.1 a
6:OOp Hay wiirdß, Nilesaiul Sail Jose 7:43 a
J7:ooi> Vallejo t~:43»
7:o(>p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
vilk', Retlding, Portland, Puget
•Sound and East 11:10 a,
H10:05p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
. Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
' and East ?12:43r
SANTA < Uli/ DIVISION (XarroiT (iangej.
■:13a Newark, Ccntervi l lose, Feltou,
••'. , . Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
» Stations 3:3*»
•3:131" Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New '
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Ml :2©a
4:11p Newark, Brtn .lose and Los Gatos.... 9:30 a
1 ll:4Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
•■■ - Way Stations }7:80f
COAST DIVISION (Thir.l A. Tounscml Stx.)
j 6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New *
Almaden Wednesdays only) li 30»
■:13a San Jose, J'rt-H Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove. Paso Routes, San
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 7«05p
1O:4Oa San .lo.tu and Way Stations 3:03p
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 3:30*
•S*:3Op San Mateo, Menlo Park, Kan .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Monterey nnd PucilicCrove *IO:4OA
■3:!IOP San Jo£c and Way .Stations 9:30 a
•4:30i-San Josoand Way Stations ».'<:lOa
5:30)* San :lose anil Principal Way Stations *8:3OA
- O:3Oi> San Jose ami Way Stations «::«1a
f11:45i- San Jcse and Way Stations <~:48p
SAX LKAMiUO AMI HAVWAKUS L(H:alT~_
j «*0:OOa"< ( 7:13 a
8:OOa (0:13 a
I*o2a Melrose, Seminary Park, \TM*
'"{Sop Fitehbnrg,SanLeaiidro »=[J«;
3:OOp « d 4*4.1*
4:00p * na 3:43?
3:00p nmwrmrAu. ' <>:!.!?
i 7:(»Op 8:41p
»:00p . Buns through to „.. '. 0:43p
»-OOp * Runs through to Nile*. lt'»:3or
tfll:lspj tFromNiles. tfl2:oof
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I from SAN /RINCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
I •7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1:00 *2:00 J3:00
•4:00 5:00 •6:00 p.m.
fromOAKUSD— Foot of Brotdwiy.— *6:00 8:00
i 10:00 a.m. U2-.00 »l:00 . t3:00 . *3:00 i ti-CO
«5:00l-.M. .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only. ; I
t Sundays only. ' IT
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. r
! UTuesdajs and Saturdays. §. c nrd»y« and
SANFRAI\CISCO &NORTH Pi- .
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Mar 3*.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. if.: 13:8\
8:SO, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Bztratrla '
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:4*
'. and 11:30 P. v.
•DKDAYS-8:00, 9:30. 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:34
6:00. 0:20 p. St.
San Knfael to San Franolnco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9. -'JO, 11:10 A. X.<
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 P. K. Saturdays— lSxtra trln«
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. "-«ip«
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4& .
6:00, 8:25 P. M.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchnetzen Park — "it
■cheduie as above. ,
. Leave Tn Pffiw* ~ Arrive *
■an franclsca oct 14? Ban Franclsca
Dayb. days. "*■"■*"«>"• DAYg- [ AVaL
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ai*
8:80 pm! 9:3o am Petaluma, (3:10 pm 10:36 am
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 r*
■■ •■ , . Fulton, . ~ ~~ m
7^Joam Windsor, 10:2ftAM
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:80 Pit 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm 6:23 p<
■~~~~~~: ~ : Pleta, j~" ■. .. •■ — —
•' Hopland & 1 ;:. j; ■!■»:??■:
T:Boam 8:00 am UkUh. | 7:36 6:22r<
7:30 am I H ~ ~ 10:25 aW
1 8:00 ax IGuerneTlUe. 7 :3S pm
8:30 pm I ■ . 0:32 PH
7:30 am .00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 r%
7 :30 am 1 8:00 am Sebm . tODOl 110:40 ami 10:2 >AM
B:3opm|s:OOpm| beD «"Opol. | 6:10 | B:2S ,J
stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mnrk West -
Springs: at Geyservllle for SkactKs Springs: at
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelaeyvilie, Soda Buy and Lamport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Spring; at
Ckiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blaa
Lake*, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottel
Valley. John Day's, .Riverside, Lierley's, Back*
sell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usa!, Wlllets, Canto, C«»
Telo, Layionvllle, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redoost
met. .■■.■•-.:
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo»
fond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticker Offices. 680 Marltat st., Chronicle rmnmaf,
WHITINO, a X. RYAN,
■.- - ■ Sen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageab
Atlantic "^^^^^
Pncific
RAILROAD j^^^^^fei^
Trains leave anil arrlrs at WIfeWHiBiHEwTK|HH
Harket-Street Ferry. t^?^^**S"^l
SASTA FFIXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & l'.t^Sg^SovTrei
'Direct Line : V<SS<StjrjsJ»-^3BB
Leaves da at 4:30 p. M.,carrvlnc I'ullman Falac* .
Drawing-room and Modern irp'io!««rrd Tourlic
Weeping-cars, whicU run dally through 10 Chic -.-,-«
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and dv
Loula. ■■■•.- , ■. ■ ■ ■ -• ■
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chicago
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
'l.esday. , ;■■ . -■■ „
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: in erestlni: scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey* dining-rooms. '
San Francisco Ticket OfHce, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Teleuhone Mala
IG3I. Uaklaod. 1118 Broadway.
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
' (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Item Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 183 i
\ WBJ£KDAir& >j
For Mill Valley and San' Kntael— *7 l2s. •9:1"\ 'A
11:00 a.m.. 'I:4s. 3:45. *5:15.»i!45.6:30 p.m. V /
Extra trips for Bin Unfurl on Mondays, Wednu* ' '
days and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. '-
For Mill Valley and }!aluei — •8:00, *10:0 l
•11:30 >. M. : *1:KO. 3:00, *4::-0 B:i5F. K.
Trains marked • run to Man yueutiu.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
For Pol Bey es ana way stations— 7 ;2B a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. '■ m. satu*
«ay 3. -, ■.. : •■- ■■: .•'■.•-. , ■ • . ■ ' - '. .
. tmr Casadero and wav stations— 7:2s 4.x. n*sa>
(ays; 1:45 r. v. Saturdays.WILL RECTIFY
LEAVITT'S ERROR
Oakland's New Year's Gift
Must Be Her Water
Front.
Politics That Caused a War Some
Months Ago Is Now
Quite Correct.
A Duel That Was Fought in the Forest
Nearly Ha.f a Century Ago on
the Site of Oakland.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Dec. 27. j
Sometime while the coming year is yet
new Oakland will either win or lose her
water front. To-morrow evening the
mercantile organizations of this city will
echo the New Year's wish of everybody
who has its welfare at heart when they
declare, as they will do, that Assembly
man Leavitt's bill should be withheld.
During the past week tuuch has been said
about the proposed bill to repeal the act
of 1852 giving the water front to this city
and possibly many unkind suggestions
have been made regarding its author's
motive. Many of these are no doubt un
true and Mr. Leavitt's open letter should
be given due credit. Having been in the
newspaper bnsitiess in this city so long it
is not likely that Mr. Leavitt would in
the very dawn of his public career run
any such risk as taking up a bill so mani
festly unfair to Oakland and so much like
something the railroad company must
natuialiy desire at this critical time in the
history of the water front. On the part of
Mr. Leavitt it is but honest to admit that
he as unfortunately made a mistake and
having done so he will no doubt correct it.
But no matter by whom prepared the
pernicious nature of the bill cannot be
doubted and the merchants and citizens
cannot afford to leave anything undone
that will strengthen the city's standing in
the great case. The water front is worth
somewhere between ten and twenty mil
lions of dollars, and were the Southern
Pacific even more honest than it is the
temptation to keep the water front would
still be great enough to risk something
toward that end.
If half a dozen Drijjht, industrious boys
ire looking for a good investment they
could not do better than open a messen
ger service in ihis city. For a city of its
size Oakland is the most wretchedly
equipped as regards messengers in the
country. To make matters worse the
only messenger service there is has made
a contract with the Western Union by
which the latter will not under any con
sideration permit any of its messengers to
do anything but deliver dispatches.
On Ctiristmas eve in this city of 70.000
inhabitants it whs impossible to obtain a
messenger to make a trip to San Fran
cisco.
At 2 p. m. Christmas day the following
conversation took place between an Oak
land subscriber ard the central office:
"Please send a boy to go to the City."
''Can't do it,"
"Why not? Must have one."
"No boys. There are over forty calls
here now and we can't get through with
them before 5 o'clock an<l then dear knows
how many we may have."
While tlus is perhaps hardly a fair ex
ample.of the average messenger service, it
is indicative of the necessity of an ade
quate supply of boys. Being a monopoly
ana having contracted off all opposi;ion,
it is a case of doing without a boy or wait
ins; till some one condescends to semi one.
Under present conditions there is not the
remotest prospect of a change.
The electorate of Oakland ia a peculiar
body. Four months ago the Republican
County Central Committee named four
delegates at large to the Congressional
convention at which Mr. Hilborn was
nominated. Immediately there was a
riot. It was charged that the four dele
gates were all Frick men, and that if dele
gates were to be appointed then the
county might as well be governed out
right "by the thirteen men who composed
tne County Committee. All the reform
ers were up in arms, anti so strong was
the pressure brought to bea.r that tbe
names of the four delegates were with
drawn.
A week ago the Republican City Cen
tral Committee met quietly and named
twenty-one men, who were charged with
the duty of naming 120 delegates to a con
vention to name a complete Republican
municipal ticket. Among the twenty-one
names are those of all the men who were
leaders in the great outburst of disap
proval over the appointing system a few
months ago. They have decided to act,
and will name the whole convention.
Thus, when the County Committee
named four delegates who were not to be
submitted at a primary there was war, but
now that the city committee is going to
practically name the. whole ticket all is
harmony.
Truly, this is Oakland.
One of the strongest contrasts that could
possibly be drawn is that between the
Oakland of Christmas day, 1849, and the
city of Chri-tmas day, 1896.
Forty-seven years ago the spot on which
Oakland now stan Is was almost an un
broken solituJe. The shores of Lake Mer
ritt, where now broad avenues lined with
The Style of Ballot Horace P« Brown of Alameda Would Have Used
at All Elections. The Legislature Will Be Asked to Adopt It
With the Australian System.
stately mansions adorn and beautify the
thriving and populous city, were then a
wilderness of trees and undergrowth, save
here and there an open glade of a few
acres in extent. The whole of the territory
embraced within the present city limits
could not boast of more than half a dozen
dwellings, scattered along the edge of the
bay from the creek to the point.
On the 24th of December, 1849. the
echoes of those silent woods were awak
ened by the sharp report of firearms, the
greensward of one of those openings was
stained with human blood and the lives
of two intelligent beings were ended. On
a spot where Twelfth-street bridge spans
the estuary a tragedy was enacted that
beautiful winter morning that never be
came known beyond the few intimate
friends of the actors, but which carried
mourning and lamentation into two
happy Southern homes on the banks of a
far-off Southern river. Companions in
boyhood, college chums in youth and de
voted friends in early manhood, these two
men met that holy Christmas Eve with,
dire hat- in their hearts, determined to
take each other's life. It was the old
story of rivalry for the hand of a beautiful
maiden, which had grown into jealousy,
passion and a desire for revenge. Tne
love of excitement and wild adventure
had brought them to California, one by
way of the isthmus and ttie other over
land, and meeting in San Francisco a
trivial occurrence kindled the smoldering
embers into a flame that nothing but
blood could quench.
With a few selected friends they both
crossed the bay in a small boat, and. row
ing up Oakland Creek until a favorable
spot was reached, they disembarked.
Their positions were taken at ten paces,
the word given and each lay prostrate on
the ground, one shot through the heart,
the other with a buliet in his brain. Si
lently their earthly remains were lifted
into the boat and were conveyed to San
Francisco, where they were buried. This
was the first of tbe many duels fought in
this county.
Such, according to Historian Wood, was
the state of affair 3in this city in tbe great
pioneer year.
For the other part of the contract, the
recent home-industry exposition is ad
vanced. Stuart W. Booth.
CHRISTMAS IN CHURCH
Splendid Music and Elaborate Decora
tions in Ail Places of "Worship.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 27.— The near
ness of Chris. mas day to Sunday caused
the festival to have two distinct celebra
tions in this city. It was observed socially
on Friday; it was honored religiously to
day.
Nearly all the churches were prettily
decorated and specal programmes were
I rendered. Although the profusion of dec
■ orations was not so marked as on some for
! mer occasions, the excellence of the musi
! cal Drogramir.es has naverLeen surpassed.
The -most noticeable, becausa ibe most
j unique, decoration was at St. Francis de
Sales Church. It consisted of a large pre
sentation of the maneer scene at Bethle
hem. The numerous ngures were espe
cially made in Europe for t c church, ana
eacn one is a work of art. The setting of
the scene is very artistic
Christmas topics were discussed from
all the pulpits, and at tbe Y. M. C. A. the
siory of the festival was to.d in picture
and song. Noel H. Jacks conducted the
service and used fifty stereopticon views
lor illustrations.
At the Unitarian Church the programme
cousisted oi carols.responses and hymns by
Unitarian authors, a;id Rev. C.W. Wendte
spoke briefly on "The Unitarian Tribute
to Jesus Christ."
In a very entertaining manner Rev. Ed
i ward Daviss of tne Central Christian
I Church expressed his view tnat America's
Cnri.-trnas gift to Cuba should be an as
surance ol freedom.
The choirs of ihe First Prpsbyterian,
First Congregational, F.rst Bab.ist, F;rst
Methodist and Lutheran churches were
augmented with special soloists, and the
largest chorus of the day was that of
fifty-six voices at Dr. Coyle's church-
IRISH AND BRYAN
The Oakland Orator to Leave Shortly
to Attend tlie Jackson Celebration.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 27.— Colonel
John P. Irish will leave in a day or two to
attend the anniversary of Andrew Jack
soti's birthday in Chicago, January 8.
William J. Bryan of Nebraska is to make
a great speech, which it is but reasonable
to suppose will not be a gioriticaiion of
Jackson so much as a justification of
Bryan.
The Illinois State Committee of the
Palmer wing of the party is getting up a
rival demonstration, and it is intended
that it shall surpass the Bryan boom in
real importance if not in numbers or
noise of the turnout.
As one step toward this cn ■-' the Illinois
committee has invited Coionel John P.
Irish to come to Chicago and be one of the
orators on the Bth of January.* As the au
tuorof the big speech in the Indianapolis
convention, and as the man who chased
Bryan around his circuit on a special
train during the iabt weeks of the cam
paign, Colonel Irisn is Bryan's natural
antagonist, and therefore he is needed in
Chicago on January 8.
Never Missed School.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 27.— The Christ
mas iestivai of the Che^er-Street Metho
dist Church filled the large auditorium to
overflowing with friends and members of
the Sunday-school.
By actual count 406 gifts were distribu
ted among the scholars. Of tuis number
twenty-one wore sppcial tokens, fifteen to
scholars who had not been absent from
one session of the school during the year,
four to tLose who had mi-ised but one Sun
day, and two for special work in securing
new scholars. There were present every
day Mary Dunsmore, Jennie Barnes, Edna
Shade, Lillie Nichols, Jennette Potter,
Flora Davis, Stanley Ar*gwin, Evan Wil
liams, Clifton Wood, Willie Moody, Mabel
Little, Archie Grossman, Virginia Cruz,
Minnie Shade, Mary Gravatt.
The elephant is the chief beast of bur
den in Siani ami Afghanistan. An "ele
phant load" is estimated at two tons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
LEFT HOME TO
HELP THE CUBANS
A West Oakland Lad Im
pressed With Tales
of Atrocities.
He Disappeared a Week Ago,
Evidently Prepared for His
Long Trip.
Believing That It Was His Dnty to
Help the Insurgents He Packed
His Valise and Went.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Dec. 27, 1896. }
Charles Freeman, * who resides on
Adeline street, is missing, and his folks
are certain that he has gone with the
intention of aiding tbe Cubans in their
struggle for independence.
The missing lad is only 16 years of age,
but he would easily pass for 18, and is a
big brawny young l'ellow and able to care
for himself. He has never left home
before and is a quiet, dutiful lad of a very
thoughtful nature.
The recent stories from Cuba, especially
those relating to the death of Maceo,
made a deep impression on young" Free
man. About three weeks ago he listened
to some utterances from a pulpit and they
added to the impression already received,
until young Freeman considered it a dnty
to do something for the residents of the
revolution-torn isle.
Last Tuesday Charles left home in the
evening and has not been &een since. An
investigation showed that he had taken
a few articles with him, and tuis ha 3 reas
sured bis relatives that no barm has be
fallen him and that they have no cause
lor worry.
' Charlie has run away to go to Cuba,"
said his brother to-day, "and] if he does
not eet killed we shall hear from him
later. He said several weeks ago that if ue
were older he would at once go and offer
his services to the insurgents, but we
thought he was only Jolting. He is a
thoughtful lad and has read every article
he could find about Cuba during the past
few months.
"Some time ago he told us he had heard
a preacher handle the Cuban question and
from that time Cbarlie was always talking
about Cuba. 1 have no fear that any harm
will come to him, a> he is well able to took
out for himself. He evidently prepared
to so, &3 be has taken some of his clothes
with him.
"He knew that we would oppose his
going, so he decided to go without permis
sion. I i aye no idea which way he will go
to Cuba, but he was acquainted with sev
eral seagoing people anu be is probably on
bis way to Panama before this. I don't
think he wouid atteaipt to make his way
across the continent on a brakebeam as he
has too much sense. We were at Six
teenth-street station a few weeks ago
when one man was killed and another
maimed and I don't think Charlie would
attempt a brakebeam after tnai.
•"Although be is only 16 be is a bie,
strong lad and looks years older. We
have attempted in every way possible to
find out which way he has gone so as to
intercept him, but our work has been in
vain."
REV. E. B. PAYNE'S ADIEU
Farewell Sermon Preached to
His Congregation in
Berkeley.
He Tells Why Ho Retired From the
Congregational Church— Tbe Uni-
versity Comes In lor a Notice.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 27.— The Rev.
Edward B. Payne bid farewell to his con
gregation of the Unitarian church this
morning, preaching a long sermon of re
view of his ministerial labors, tracing the
mental development by which he was
impeiled to leave orthodox ministry for
Unitarianism.
Mr. Payne showed how his early life
and environments led h m to orthodox
Congregationalism ana how conversion at
ihe age of 17 caused him to study for the
pulpit.
"The call to Berkeley came while I was
at Oberlin College," said Mr. Payne. "A
Congregational church had been organ
ized here to counteract the irreligious and
rational influence of the State University,
as it was stated, and the leaders wrote to
the president of Oberlin asking for a man
of firm theology, earnest convictions and
evangelical temperament.
"When I reached the new field of labor
I thought myself placed for life and
looked to a career ot practical Christian
labor in an important and promising field.
But in the university town I encountered
influences that had never approached me
in the old home of orthodxoy.
"I attended university courses under
Le Conte and other professors, became a
member of the Berkeley dub and met
men with whom I must discuss topics
whose vastness had not fairly appealed to
me before. I learnel that the universe is
larger than I had ever been taught."
Mr. Payne then gave an interesting re
view of his lone battle against unorthodox
influences. "For a lony time I pondered
whether to accept the fight or put it
away," he .-aid, "and at last decided that
ax a "man I must go to the bottom of the
difficulties. And so I got the necessary
books and brought out all the old notes of
the theological lectures at college and
entered for invself into the problems of
what as a boy I had accepted from a Chris
tian parentage. At the end of two years,
during which I preached regularly, avoid
ing the moot questions, I found that I
had to resign. The story of that resigna
tion has never before been told.
"On the evening after I had declared
my intentions I was waited upon by thir
teen prominent men of the church, wbo
wanted to know what my decision meant.
I derided to tell all, and explained my
doubts about the authority of the Scrip
tures, the nature and person of Jesus
Christ and the eternal punishment of the
wicked. Out of the thirteen men twelve
confessed on the spot that they were in
the same condition. One, stanch and true,
held out."
Dr. Payne then told how he bad been
persuaded to remain in the Congrega
tional pulpit, how ne had resigned a -ee
ona time, as more doctrinal difficulties
crowded upon him, and how at last, in
the fifth year of his pastorate at Berkeley,
he had peremptorily withdrawn from the
church in 1880.
"A council of Congregational churches
was called," said he, "and I left, followed
by the prayers and tears of friends. They
follow me even yet, for only three months
ago I received a letter from the widow of
a member of that council beseeching me
to come back to Jesus and the early faith.
"In all this it seemed to me, and does
yet, that I was only acting UDon the in
vitation extended in the text for this dis
course, 'Come now, let us reason together,
saith the Lord.' This is what every ra
tional man in the univer-e ought to do."
Tbe Rev. Mr. Payne then proceeded to
review the results of his mlditations.
He said: "There was nr*t the negative
result that I saw, that the universe is
after all not exactly as simple as some of
our theology, philosophy and science
would declare. I saw that no one can
aspire or claim to hold up creation and
make it disgorge all the riches of its truth.
Theology has not done this; science and
philosophy do not claim to have done it.
"Second, I reached the conviction that
the things that are really the most im
portant are simplicity itself— the fact of
the presence of iight in the universe, the
fact tbat to know and be truth is the best,
that love and goodwill are better than envy
and hatred, that there is attainable by
man a loftiness of character which, in
spite of intellectual doubts, points to the
validity of eternal truth and the triumph
of right. The crucial thing after all is
this doctrine of personal truth and real
ness—not mere truth-telling, but truth
being. If we hold to this the universe
will taKe care of ilseli and it will take care
of us." *
Altruria was briefly referred to by the
Rev. Mr. Payne. "The experiment may
have been a mistake," said he "It has
shown that we cannot arhieve by a pa,rt;
that our only hops of reaching tne social
height to wtiich we aspire re by doing it
all together — building, if more slowly
more surely, upon tbe eternal common
wealth of all souls."
In conclusion tbe retiring pastor ex-
The Rev. E. B. Payne of Berkeley,
Who Preached His Farewell
Sermon*
pressed hopes for the future of the church
he was leaving, declared that his efforts
in life would still be upon the same lines
as those of past years, and spoke affecting
words of farewell.
Closed for the Term.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 27.— The closing
exercises ot St. Joseph's Sunday-sc .00l for
the term took place this evening. Rev.
Father Phillips Dresiding. A Christmas
tree was tue feature ot the entertainment.
The awarding of prizes was delegated to
Miss Tillie Curtis. Tue programme of
exercises consistea of a recitation; "Vio
iiii Funtasies," Miss Louise G.illacher;
piano solo, "Lost Hope," Miss Alice Cain;
two numbers by Miss Kate Byrne and
several choruses by the scnool.
Christmas Service*.
BERKELEY. Cal., Dec. 27.— An elabor
ate prcgrammecf exercises was rendered
this evening at tbe First Presbyterian
Church. All the numbers were appro
priate to Yuletide.
CLARK NEARLY KILLED.
Had to Be Carried Home in a Carriage
Christmas Night, but Will
Recover.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 27.— Ira P. Clark,
an ex-employe of the Alameda, Oakland
and Piedmont Electric Company and the
inventor of tbe guards used by that line, is
confined to his home by injuries sus
tained Christmas night. He was in a sa
loon when he quarreled with a young man
about 19 yeais of »ge. The latter was se
verely thrashed, after w ich he left.
Clark is usually a very quiet man, but
when excited ia anything but peaceable.
The young man soon returned with two
companions, and a free fight ensued.
Clark was badly beaten and had to be
taken home in a carriage.
The injured man is improving slowly,
but refu cc to prosecute his assailants.
Chief of Police Rogers called upon him as
soon as he learned of the affair, but Clark
refused to swear to a complaint.
A Famous Traveler.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 27.— The Rev.
Haskett Smith. M. A., just from Aus
tralia and New Zealand, occupied the pul
pit of Christ Episcopal Church to-day, to
the delight of a large congregation. He
is endowed with a splendid platform
physique, a rich, clear voice, an inex
haustiDle fund of wit and humor — all the
necessary qualifications of a great orator —
hence he held his audiences spellbound
and received an enthusiastic reception at
the close.
Mr. Smith has travelPd for years in the
exploration of Egypt, Palestine and Asia
Minor and other places in the Orient. He
is also an author of some note, having
published a work called "Handbook of
Syria and Palestine" and other standard
works on the subject.
Christmas Music.
, ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 27. — The
churches throughout the city had special
Christmas music to-day and most of them
were specially decorated for the occasion.
Miss M. J. Smith was the leader of the
choir of the First Presbyterian Church
and was assisted by Miss Bertha Bouthil-
Her, Charles Allerdyceand Edward Thorn
ton, soloists.
The Rev. J. F. Moody of the First Bap
tist Church preached on 'A Question of
Finance" in the morning and "The Na
tivity" in the evening.
Handel's Messiah was given by the
large choir of the First Congregational
Church in tbe evening. The pastor
preached on "What Christ's Birth Fore
shadowed" and "On Earth Peace."
F. D. Bovard of the Park-street M. E.
Church spoke on "The Christmas Prepara
tion for a New Year" in the morning and
"Some Things Not to be Carried Into the
New Year" in the evening. There was
special music at both services.
Lecture by Father Yorke.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 27.— Monday
evening Rev. P. C. Yorke will lecture at
the Macdonough Theater on "Was the
constitution of our country founded on
Protestant principles?" The lecture is
the last of the series given under the
auspices of the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety, No. 1. The sale of seats has been
very large.
Artist Dntton Depart*.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Dec. 27.— Alfred H.
Dutton, a son of Sheriff Dutton, an<i a
newspaper artist, left to-day for Salt Lak •
City to work in the art deparirnent of the
Tribune of that city. Mr. Dutton has
lately returned from Alaska.
At the Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 27.— A high-class
vaudeville company will perform for the
coming week a; ihe Oakland Theater. The
company includes August Johnson, the
strong man; Mile. Travelle, ihe shadow
tot; La Meto, the human snake; the
Herb family in knockabouts and funny
hits.
TO CURE A COLD IS ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it fails to cure. 25c.
SHOT CENTERS
AND WON PRIZES
Last Contests in the Colum
bia Pistol and Rifle
Club.
Adolph Strecker Carries Off the
Fine Unired Diamond
Medal.
Young, Mason, Hovey, Gorman, Carr
and Daiss Also Winners— Dorrell
Is thethief.
The first boats going to the Oakland
side of the bay yesterday morning earned
a large number of marksmen bound for
tne Shell Mound rifle range. The major
ity of these early passengers were mem
bers of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club,
which held its last shoot for the season of
1896. As the seore9 on a number of the
re-entry medal matches were very close
there was a great desire on the part of
many to go early, shoot often and take
every legitimate advantage to win out.
A. H. Pape thought that he had discov
ered a mascot on the ferry-boat in the
shape of an aged Indian woman, and he
took particular pains to rub elbows with
her for good luck as the crowd was eoing
ashore. It seemed to prove a hoodoo, for
Pape came near winning several prizes,
but failed by only a few points.
On the rifle range, Columbia target, the
competition lor the Unfred diamond
medal, one of the most beautiful trophies
ever put up for a rifle competition, was
the most spirited of any in years. Adolph
Strecker in the morning was ahead by a
v#ry few points, D. W. McLaog6llrj and
F. O. Young being close behind him.
Ticket after ticket, three-shot scores, were
fired until the targets closed on all re
entry matches at 3 o'clock, but Strecker
won, beating Young by three points and
McLaughlin by lour points.
On the 50-yard range there were several
spirited contests. C. M. Daiss was deter
mined to win the apleniid pistol medal
presented by Gordon Blauding. He was
closely followed by Pape and J. E. Gor
man, but when the day closed Daiss was |
ahean by several points. The Carr pocket
revolver medal for several weeks past had
Jjeen conceded to Gorman, but Carr, tue
donor, thought he would suow ttiat he is
still the champion of the American
weapon, and he won the trophy, whicn he
will put up for competition again next
year.
The pretty medal presented by Dr. L. O.
Rod ers, president of the clab. for the la
dies to compete for was carried off by Mrs.
L. J. Crane. This lady is a fine shot with
the 22-caliber rifle, for she also won the
Glindeman ladies' trophy on a single score
of 26 points in ten shots. Mrs. M. J.
White also had 2-6 points, but Mrs. Crane
won on Creedmoor count, goinj; back to
the sixth shot to win. Mrs C. k\ Wal
tham was only tiiree points behind. In
the same class of shooting, 22-caliber rifle,
there was a hot spurt between Ed Hovey
an i E. Jacobson for the unque medal
piesented by Colonel S. I. Kellogg. Ho
vey, however, pulled ahead.
The Siebe medal for the military rifle
ADOLPH STRECKER, the Winner of the Beautiful Unfred
Diamond Rifle Medal.
fell to Young. The first regular re-entry
scores were as follows:
Rifle, Unfred diamond medal, three-shot
scores, re-entry— D. W. McLaughlin, 8—11; F.
O. Younjr, 9—10; A. Strecker, 9—lo. Rifle
record medal, ten-shot scores re-entry— F. E.
Mason, 67; H. D. Wicker, 76. Most flans dur
ing the month— F. O. Young. 9; D. W. Mc-
Laughlin, 8; A. Strecker, 8; F. H. Bushuell, 2;
A. H. Tape, 2.
Pistol, 50 yards, Blandlng medal, 3-shot
scores, re-entry— J. E. Gorman 8, C. M. Daiss
13. Revolver. Carr medal, 5-shot scores, re
entry— H. Carr 22, 23, 28, 31; J. E. Gorman
30, 37, 41. Twenty-two caliber rifl ■ for ladies,
Rogers medal, 5 shots, re-entry— Ed Hovey 9,
10; E. Jacobson 10, 12 ; S. I. Kellogg 11, 13;
A. H. Pape 11, H. R. Crane 20.
Revolver raatch, 6-shot scores— J. E. Gorman
30,31: H. Carr 31.
Then came the tug-of-war of the day.
Colonel S. I. Kellogg and Howard Carr
"chose sides" and made a team match,
composed of all ot the Columbias present.
Each shot five shots with the rifle and
four with the pistol. Colonel Kellogg's
team won by a good majority. The scores
were as followj:
Captain Kellogg's team— Dorrell 55, Pape
56, Mrs. Crane 63, Dr. Rodgers 64,, Poulter 67,
H. R. Crane 69, Hooey 70, Kel.ogg 70, Bush
nell 77, Jacobson 81, Dais* 86, Glindemann
114, Whl c 117, Mrs. Waltham 117. Grand
total 1136.
Captain Carr's team— Younjr. 66; Gorman,
72; Mclaughlin, 85; Kuhnle. 83; Mason, 91;
Strecker, 86; Barrere, 110; Mrs. White, 59;
Waltham, 86; Bremer, 116; Wicker, 56; For
rest, 127 ; Lewis, 173. Grand total, 1209.
A. B. Dorrell, making the biphest scores
on both ranges, was crowned Chief of the
Columbias, an honor he will bold during
the ensuing year.
The clnb then repaired to the park din
ing-room, where Captain Siebe sr read a
banquet with all the 'market affords.
While the banquet was in progress the
president, Dr. Rodgers, presented the
Auction Sales
THE BASCH JUCTIOI COJIPAJY. Inc.
319-331 SUITEU STREET,
Bet. Grant aye. and Stockton Su Tele. Urant 87.
I WILL SJKLX, I' II IS DAY.
Monday ...December 28, 1896,
At 10:30 o'clock a. M . nt Above Salesrooms.
The Complete Furnishings of Three Private Resi-
dences, co isistinK of Parlor. Bedroom, Dining-
room and Kitchen Furnliuyp. Carpets, Linoleum,
S.oves, Kanges, Crockery, <jlass\vare, etc.
>. BA*l H. Auctioneer.
winners with their prizes, accompanying
each presentation with a neat speech.
The following were the medals, the win
ners and their scores. In the re-entry the
next highest to the winners are also given:
Class medals, rifle, ten shots, four best scores,
champion class— D. VV. McLaughlin, 210.
First Class— F. E. -Mason, 308. Second class—
E. Jacobson, 297.
Pistol, 50 yaras, ten shots, four best scores,
champion class— J. E. Gorman, 164. First
class— A. B. Dorrell, 193. Second class— E.
Jacobson, 245.
Re-entry matches, rifle, Unfred diamond
medal, three-shots, ten best scores— A. Strecker,
90; Young, 93; McLaugnlin, 9-4.
Glitidemaun military meaal, re-entry, Creed
moor count, leu shots, ten best scores— F. O.
Young 466, id Hovey 461, F. H. Bushnell
452.
Rifle record medal, re-entry, best single, ten
shoi scoie— F. O. Young, 41 ; J. Utschig, 47.
Rodgors ladies' mednl, re-entry, rive sliots,
ten best scores, 50 yards off aand— Mrs. L. J.
Crane, 126; Mrs. M. J. White, 157; Mrs. C. F.
Waltnani, 211.
Kollogg 22-caliber rifle medal, re-entry, 5
F. (X Young, Who Won the AII-
Siebe, the Glindeman
Military and the Rifle Record
Medals.
I shots, 10 best scores, 50 yards, off hand— Ed
Hovey 89, E. Jacobson 92.
Giindemann ladies' trophy, best single 10
-shot score, 50 yards, off hand, no re-entrv —
Mrs. L. J. Crane 26, Mrs. M J. White 26 (last
by Creedmoor count), Mrs. Waltham 29.
Pistol. 50 yards, Standing pistol medal, re
entry, 3 sho s, 10 best scores— C. M. Daiss 66,
Pape 72, Young 76, J. E. Gorman 73.
Revolver, 50 yards, Carr pocket revolver
medal, re-entry, 5 shots. 4 best scores—How
ward Carr 104, J. E. Gorman 110, M. J.
White 132.
Cash prizes, any revolver, re-entry, 6 shots,
best single score — First priz^, J. E. Gorman,
30; second prize, H. Carr, 31; third prize, F.
O. Young, 35; fourth prize, J. E. Klein, 41.
Siebe all-round nudal, best 4 scores on
Blauding pistol medal, Unfred rifle medal and
I Giindemann military medal: F. O. Young —
Miiskot. 49, 47, 47, 47; rifle, 9, 9, 9, 8; pistol
4, 7, 8, 8.
While at the table many pleasant ad
dresses were m:ide. President .Rodgers in
his opening remarks took occasion to
specially men t: on The Call, which he
said hnd always shown its friendship to
the riflemen of the coast and is noted for
its encouragpment of all clean sports. He
stated that The Call's accounts of all rifle
events are correct and impartial, and he
concluded by calling for three cheers for
The Call, which were given with vigor.
Several other rifle events took place at
the S ell Mound range. The Germania
Schuetzen Club held its reeuiar bullseye
contest for cash prizes. The prize win
ners and their score as shown by the
measuring-machine were as follows:
Dr. L. O. Rodeers 129 points, C. ,T. Rust 434,
F. P. Schuster 597, D. B. faktor 617, L. Bendel
642, N. Ahrens7l9, G. Alpers 751, A. Mocker
814, L. Haake 896. '.
The monthly bullseye shoot of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Club resulted in the
annexed racasured scores being made:
D. B. Faktor 192 points, A. Jungblut 288,
J. Tiedemann 291. W. Garms 300. A. Mocker
319, C. Thierbacli 333, J. Gifkin 374, J. Lank
enau 388, J. Utachig 430, \V. Plait 450, N.
Ahrens 509, A. F. Meyer 619, A. C. Waller 651,
K. Goetz. 826, A. Hngedorn 893, H. Stelline
925, J. M. Hartman 940, H. Heilberg 960, R.
Stellen 963.
The Nord Deutscher Schnetzen Club
regular monthly medal shoot, twenty
shots, German ring target, resulted as fol
lows:
First class, G. Alpers. 410 rings; second
class John Thoda, 366; third class, J. H.
Schroeder, 325; fourth dasß, A. Meyer, 350;
best first buUseye, A. Mocker, 23; best last
bullseye, H. Stelling, 23.
A private 25-shot match on the German
ring target was held, and the annexed
score shows the winners:
A. Junsblut 453. C. F. Rust 454, J. Tiede
mann 390; total. 1297.
H. Sielling 467, J. D. Heisc 445, J. Lankenau
314; total, 1226.
Two mil tary companies were also at the
targets. Each marksman fired ten shots
on the Blunt military target, making the
following scores:
Companies C and G, practice— Northrop 35,
Norton 46, Sherman 41, Ooodell 47, Kennedy
44, Barrere 43, Waltuam 45.
Company M, monthly medal shoot— Colby
AUCTION SALE !
Ferguson's Stables, 131 and 136 -eventii
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKXE3S.
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday December 29, 1898,
AT 11 A. M., 1 WE WILL SELL ,
TOE CONTESTS OF ABOVB STABLE,
. . . COKBISTTNO OF.'.."', •'■j';
38 Head Good Work and Business Hones, 9 Open
and Closed Carriages. 4 Laudaulevs . (almost new),
3 ( pen and . Top | KocKa way i, 5 spring I Wagoas,
Carls, 40 ets Hack, liug^y and Wagon Harness,
Blankets, Hoocs, etc.: '
: Every article must be removed by the SOtri insU
JKS" Stables To Leu '
SULLIVAN * DOYLE.
Office— 327 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
41, Nelson 42, O.ptein O'Xeil 37, Casey 38,
Lage 27, Noyes 26, Soninag 36. Lyons 37.
Volkmann 24,Ayhuns 28, Stroth 40, Kugel 35,
W. Maher 39. J. P. Murphy 35
GOSPEL BY TELEPHONE.
Novtfl Experiment of a ra»tor — Spoke
to i wo Audience*.
BERKELEY. Cat,., Dec. 27.— Rev. Dr.
Ketchum of the First Presbyterian Church
preached a sermon this morning to two
au deuces at the same time — one within
bis immediate view and the other half a
mile off.
The first audience numbered about
500 people, while in the seconil there were
but two. One could see every gesture of
the pastor and catch his words first hand,
while the other heard only the intona
tions of his voice after they had been sub
jected to a process of complicated mechan
ism. A telephone, with a receiver about
the size of half a dozen ordinary fish
horns, had been attached to tne pulpit,
and into this the winged words of the
pastor were poured.
Two invalids, the Misses Patch of Shat
tuik avenue, one of whom was bedridden,
were at the other end of the telephone,
and with receivers to their ears listened to
the entire service.
W. C. Gunn, a student at the Los Gatos
Theological Seminary, followed out the
plan now quite common in the East and
constructed the church telephone for his
friends. So successJul was the experi
ment that the invalids will probably keep
up the practice.
OTHERS MAY FOLLOW.
Increasing Desire to Dispense With
Church t' airs and Bazaars.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. 27 .-The action
of the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church in regard to church fairs will
probably be followed by other congrega
tions. Rev. Robert Whitaker who started
tbe crusade aeainst pay entertainments
in the church magazine of which he is a
joint editcr. is very gratified to find that
his congregation indorses his views.
When the matter was put to a vote in
his church it was unanimously resolved
to discontinue alt manner of entertain
ments where a charge is made. Rev. R.
Whitaker says that church fairs are a
method of bulldozing people into giving
who would contribute just as much, and
probably more, without any such subter
fuge.
The idea has crone forth that the action
of ;he Twenty-third avenue Baptist Church
has entirely dene awt. with ali manner of
social entertainment a>. the church. This
is not so and the members de-ire it to be
understood that they are to have more
real sociability and fellowship than ever
before. The social affairs of the church
will be placed in tbe hands of a committee
of co-operation, consisting of the officers,
with the president and secretary of each
auxiliary society.
~j olsoned by Fish.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 27.— Chartes
Fella,, wlio resides at 658 Madison street,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital to
night suffering from posoning. Fella is
70 years of age and w nt home to-night
and ate soma cold fish for dinner. The
fish was cooked yesterday by Fella. He
was suffering greatly when taken to tbe
hospital, and although the stomach pump
was quickly applied he is still a very sick
man. He told a very peculiar story about
his suspicions of his wife, whom he said
had made unpleasant threats recently.
Mrs. Fella was not at the house to-night
and could not be found.
Car Kmployes' Wages Cut.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec 21.— Much sur
prise was caused to-day by the announce
ment posted at the Grove-street power
house that the waees of the men would
be reduced from 21 to 20 cents an hour.
Tnis road is part of F. M. Smith's posses
sions, and it is supposed that all the
other lines will likewise be reduced.
STRONG WORDS ON CUBA.
Dr. Graif Has Something to Say of
White Housa Statesmanship.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 27.— Last night
at the Twenty-first Street Baptist Church
the pastor, Rev. Philip Graif, D.D., in his
sermon on "Tho End of a Memorable
Year,' 1 said, among other things, relative
to the Cuban question:
"England has been taken sharply to
task for her cold, unbrotherly attitude
toward Armenia while suffering from the
fire and sword of the unspeakable Turk,
but is the United States much better in
withholding the look of recognition or
sympathy from Cuban patriots while the
latter are bleeding and dying from the
outrages and butcheries of the Spanish
sovereignty ? In the one case British gold,
iron of heart and one-eyed, may have dic
tated a neutral policy, bnt in our relation
to Cuba not only is no sordid interest
jeopardized, but the plain spirit of human
ity and righteousness should impel our
patriotism to shrink from a two-faced
dainty policy of hesitation and aloofness.
"To let Cuban blood trickle and smoke in
the name of freedom without one look
thither of real interest or grief may suit a
White House statesmanship that handles
this problem with an air of diplomatic
finesse, but such a course cannot win the
approval of a positive, warm-hearted dem
ocracy. Whenever our Republic looks
askance at worthy Hawaiian or Cuban
patriots it is in some deep and vital sense
a disregard and violation of the principles
of our Revolutionary fathers. Better a
period ot hot shot than an ignoble peace;
better a stiff emphasis on the Monroe
doctrine than cheek-by-jowl amenities
with foreign crowns; better the rattle of
musketry and thunder of ironclads than
the loss of Cuban liberty or the stultifica
tion of American honor.
"All the brag and bluster of mere jingo
ism we hold as a cheap, abnormal, jigsaw
imitation of the real Bunker Hill article.
But when, under our own American skies,
the honest struggle for freedom against a
grinding oppression does not arouse a
keen responsive thrill of sympathy, but
evokes only a faltering, Junus-ieatured
policy, then it is high time to utter a
criticism on such half-hearted ness and
jelly-fish indecision. If the United States
is ever to transform the worl i iuto the
political ideal of a Washington, a Grant
or a Lincoln it must act with a spirit of
more sturdy and noble aggressiveness
than we have seen in our latter-day states
manship. A faint-hearted or white-lipped
truth makes no converts."
Three-fourths of the people that pass up
Flpet street, London, are men.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KJAKXV ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Disewirs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingonbodyand mind and
«kinDisPases. The doctorcures when
otheisfaii. Try him. - Charges low
Cnie»Kuaianle.d. Callorvrrita.
Dr. J. V, «tf BBeji. Box 1957.SaaFranc£oS
910
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
The best marksmen of the First In
fantry Regiment, N. G. C, will be sent to
the front to win the trophy to be com
peted for by 100 picked men of the Ha
waiian National Guard and an equal num
ber of men belonging to the California
Guard. The challenge emanated from
the First Regiment of California troops,
and was readily accepted by the repre
sentatives of the Hawaiian soldiery. Re
ports recently received from Honolulu
represent that the coming contest is en
gaging the attention of the public mind
there.
To see that everything is properly con
ducted and all the conditions of the match
Jairly observed at the islands the officers
of the United States ship Alert will at
tend the firing at the Honolulu range. At
tiie Shell Mound range, where the Califor
nia soldiers will shoot. Consul Wilder
and six or seven assistants will perform
observation duty for the Hawaiian team.
The cost of the trophy is limited to $100.
This agreement was made in advance of
the shooting to prevent the winners from
saying, "If we had lost we would have
presented something worth at least $500."
It is the general opinion in National
Guard circles that the Californians wiii
capture th- trophy, but the men oi Colonel
Macdouald's regiment are not boasting.
No one seems to know exactly how well
the Hawaiians can shoot. It v considered
also that the Island soldiers are permitted
to shoot with Lee-Remington rifles. Some
of the pu_rdsruen there are equipped with
Springtields and others with Lee-Reming
tons, and so the poldier is permitted to
use the gun which he is accustomed to
handle. Colonel Macdonald and his offi
cers made this concession when the match
was agreed upon.
At the armories the question is asked:
"What will the Legislature do for the
National Guard?" It is now known that
an effort will be made to have the number
of companies increased. Tne reorganiza
tion left more than one prominent town
of the State without a company, and so
representatives from localities thus de
prived of military recognition will ask
that the old order be re-established.
The National Guard Officers' Associa
tion, or rather many of tlie active mem
bers of this body, have resolved to with
hold their support from measures asking
for an increase of the force. They propose
to "stand pat" on the existing organiza
tion and to give it a fair trial. They will
asK for a just allowance for field equip
ments, cam,. , target practice and armory
rents. Tbe plans and purposes of the
association are not discussed on the streets,
but at the proper time the legislative com
mittees will be enlightened if light is
desired.
It is an open question whether the
proposition to admit another mounted
company from Sap Francisco will receive
much encourasenfent from the Sun Fran
cisco delegation. An officer hoidinc a
high position on the active list said yes
terday: 'What is tfie use of two compa
nies of cavalry in San Francisco? Captain
Jenks has accomplished great work al
ready in the organization of the present
company and he should be sustained. He
had many obstacles to encounter, many
old debts to pay and many difficult prob
lems to solve. The troop is now in good
form, so what is the sense of bringing an
other mounted company into the guard?
Captain Jenks' troop assumed tbe obliga
tions of tne old light battery. and has
therefore had a hard row to hoe. The
captain deserves the encouragement and
support of the whole guard."
Adjutant-General Barrett has snbmitted
his biennial report to the Governor. In
tnis document* he reviews the require
ments of the guard. He asserts that
blankets, overcoats and new uniforms are
needed by the troops. He ought to know
what soldiers need, for he carried a
' musket in the Third lowa Infantry
through many a hard campaign. He
figures the cost of equipment in this re
spect at $58,750, and recommends an ap
propriation of that amount. He also
recommends an allowance of $80,000 for
battalion, regimental or brigade encamp
ments. Obviously the adjutant-general
entertains io regard to division encamp
ments views similar to those expressed by
Captain Camngton, U. S. A., for no men
tion is made of sn encampment of more
than a brigade. It is suggested that the
troops should go into camp annually.
It is recommended that tbe State con
struct armories in San Francisco, Oak
land, Los Angeles, Sacramento and o her
cities. Figures are adduced to show that
the suras paid for armory rents would
more than pay tbe interest on bonds to
build armories. Tbe suggestion is not a
new one. The bill authorizing tbe issue
of bonds to buiid armories is introduced
at every session of the LeeMatuxe, but
the idea of creating an obliga;ion of
$1,000,000 causes each Legislature to trans
ier the responsibility to its succossor.
The amounts paid for armory rents
during the past twenty years would have
paid the interest on bonds for building
State armor es and have provided a sink
ing fund ample for the redemption of the
bonds.
The suggestion of the adjutant-general
to appropriate money to defray the funeral
expenses of National Guard officers and
State officials is not likely to secure much
favorable attention. The public will ask
why not appropriate public money for
funerals of enlisted men and ordinary citi
zens if commissioned officers and State
officials are to be recognized. Again, it
would be quite unnecessary to provide for ,
Stale officials, for according to the adage
"they seldom die and never resign."
It is the opinion of enlightened men
who have given of their time and means
to support the National Guard that an
effeciive and useful organization can be
maintained if the Legislature will limit the
number of companies to fifty and provide
the troops with proper arms, clothing and
camp equipment for active service in the
field.
At the meeting of the new cavalry troop
held last Monday evening the committee
on permanent organization submitted a
draft of tbe proposed constitution and by-
Jaws, which was read for the first time,
and it was decided that they should be
brought up for final action at the meeting
to be held this evening. It was also de
cided to close the roll of membership
after the adoption of the by-laws and to
require all apDlicants lor admission after
that time to pay the initiation fee pro
vided for them.
It is stated that tb.3 troop will have
some very s-trong supporters in the busi
ness community that lecosrnizes the im
portance oi a eood organization of this
character, and considerable financial
assistance has been oifered A number of
gentlemen have signified their intention
of becoming honorary members.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
J. C. Nealon and It Xinehan Defeat T.
F. Bonnet and AI. <J. Kilgallon.
The San Francisco handball court was
crowded yesterday afternoon, several of the
oldest players in the City being among
those present. The event of the day was
a game in which J. G. Nealon and R.
Linehan, the overhand b wiper, played
against T. F. Bonnet and M. J. Kilgallon.
The game was hotly contested, the final
being won by Nealon and Linehan by 1
ace. Nealon has never played in better
form, and in the rallies he distinguished
■ himseif. Linehan's overhand swipes were
] also most effective.
Another rattling came was the one in
which J. r-eeney and J. Harlow played
against P. T. Donnelly, the amateur
chamrion, and E. Maloney, the two for
mer winning after an exciting struggle.
Phil Ryan and M. McNeil astonished
George McDonald and Dan Rodgers by
defeating them, witn seven aces to spars,
in the linal. Ryan and McNeil have been
winning so often recently that they have
reached ihe conclusion they can defeat
any heavy-weight team.
Owing to the wet weather there were no
games in the Union court yesterday, the
court being open.
B'ollowing were the games played in the
San Francisco court:
K. Shea and J. Brannock defeated H. Moffitt
and P. Barrett, 21—15, 17—21, 21—20. P.
Ryan and M. McNeil defeated G. McDonald
I and D. Rodgers, 'Jl— l6. 18—21. 21—14. M.
M. McLaughlin and E. Cnrley defeated M. Me
■ Clnreand W. Hamilton, 21—13, 15—21.21—19.
I J. White and M. Dillon defeated P. Hntchin
son and M. Edwards, 21—13, 14—21, 21—18.
J. Harlow and J. Lawless ileleated P. Keily
i and G. Hutchinson, 2L— l4, 16—21, 21—20.
I E. Toy and Al Pennoyer deteateu W. Keily.and
i J. Slattery, 21—14, 10—21, 21—19. J. Feeney
I and J. Harlow defeated I*. T. Donnelly and E.
- Maloney. 21— 15, 13— 21. 21— 17. -P. Hutchin
son and P Kelly deieaied W. Hamilton and E.
Toy, 21—13, 15-21. 21—19. J. C Xealon and
R. Liuehan defeated T. F. Bonnet and M. J.
I Kilgallon, 21—12. 16—21, 21—20.
RACING ON THIS SIDE
Ingleside Track Reopens With
3 Very Attractive
Card.
The Gala Week of the R cine Season.
Entries for the Shreve & Co.
Cvp — Notes.
To those people who do not enjoy a trip
on the water the change from Oakland to
Inpleside track will be a decidedly favor
able one. The programme for the re
opening day at the local track is a good
one, and despite the fact that a number of
good horses are troubled wiih that prevail
ing disease the distemper, an excellent lot
of horses will face the flag.
Following are tbe entries:
First race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling, two
year-oids—(294) D. J. Tobln 103, 273 Adam An
drew 101, 69 Phillip M 98. -70 Popinjay 101, Gor
don 106, 87 Cogent 101,206 George Palmer 9X,
224 Rebekah 98, Miss Baker 103, V\*i Soniro 103.
(276) P F 103. 252 scorcher 98, 280 Good Times
106. 273 Nonchalance 109.
second race, one mile, three-year-olds— 2oß
rastanette 97, Yankee Doodle 108, 70 St. Algnon
97, 203 Therese 97, 114 Benamela 100, 282 lienry
({rattan 105, Snowdown 105, 284 Can't Dance
108, (286) Walter J, 115. (211) Miss Brammel
106.
Third rece, three-quarters of a mile.ptirse— (219)
Zaraar II V»7, (217) Preston 109, 107 Casper 100.
_K6 Sport McAllister 112, (281) Yem»n 109, 263
Lucky og 112, 202 Libert ne 112. 275 Kcdding
ton 105, 207 Santa Bella lO.V
Fourth rare, on* and a sixteenth miles, purse—
2-3 Broaabillow 96. -'30 Petpr It 100. 217 Monlta
103. 279 Cabrilio 108 284 Flashlight 88, 248 tfcnil
ler99, 218 Frank X 110.
lit h race, one and an eighth miles, selling—
248 Lovdal 100, 222 Foremost 94, 224 imp. Hard
Tack in England 102, 244 Argentina Jl (Wal
lace) 95, 229 Morte Fonse 97, (221) SaIVA ble 101,
278 Camelia 90, 271 Navy Blue 94.
On Wednesday, Friday and Saturday of
this week the Southern Pacific Com
pany will ruu two special race trains to
the Jneleside track. The first train will
leave tbe depot at 1 p. m. , the second 1:20
p. M. Returnine, first train leaves the
track immediately after the last race, tne
second fifteen minutes later.
Mayor Sutro has had the anti-poolroom
ordinance passed by the Board of Super
visors waiting his Honor's signature for
some time. If the Mayor could bo in
auced to visit the rooms and see the vast
number of messenger and news boys who
wager their hard-earned money on the
races he no doubt would sign the ordi
nance immediately. A secretary does not
always see everything that goes on.
An Eastern exchange has the following
to say of the racing situat on in Illinois:
The prospect for the turf in Illinois is grow
ing brighter. The question of obtaining
reasonable legislation, resttictlng but permit
ting racing and trotting, has hinged larely
on what action the Washington Park Club of
Chicago would take in the matter. Now George
Kenry Wheeler, the president oi thai club,
has signified that the organization will co
operate in any reputable scheme that may be
advanced. Tne chances are that meetings on
any one course will be restricted to thirty days
and "foreign" books will be prohibited, but
that poolseiling will be permitted. It is not
likely that betting will be confined to the so
called -English" system that has been adopted
in New York State, and when racing is again
seen in Illinois the "slates" »vill probably be
seen up as in old days.
The racing card for the coming week at
Ingleside will probably not be surpassed
during the entire racing season. On Tues
day the Pommery Sec handicap at seven
furiongs will be decided, and on Thursday
the Cali.'ornia Oaks for tiliies over a mile
and a furlong will be run. On New Year's
day the Shreve tfc Co. cup will be the big
attraction. The conditions and entries
are as follows:
Zamarll. Argentina 11. Wawona, Greyhorst
Adolph sprcckels. instaliator, Joan, Cabrillo
Mount McGre'gor 11, tsajibury. Crescendo, Aqui
nas, liesarian. St Lee, T_ucky Dog, All Over Al
varado, Herm>inita, Argentina, Arapahce.
Lady Diamond, Judge Denny, (senator
Grady, imp. Hard Tack in England,
Olive, Wyoming, Cap-.aln Skedance, Cash Day
Lib nine, imp. Santa Bella, C'Ptive, Preston
Salvable, Howard S-. Lobengula. Sir Play, Wheel
of Fortune, Kulnart, Kamsin, Schiller, '-..stler
Joe, Trappean. The Dragon, Arnette. Chartreuse
11, Horato, Applause, Yankee Doodle, Scarf
Pin, Key del Tle>ra, Gutta Percha, imp. Fullerton
Lass, Peril, Santuzza, Arrezzo.
. • It is said that ! three and a half million
cane chairs are turned out ! annually at
Wycombe, in Bucks. ? Their weight is
about 18,000 tons, of ; which 11,000 tons go
by rail, and' the remainder are : carried by
road to London. "' Two thousand cubic feet
of timber are used in Wycouobe every day.;
.'".'■■•' ■ ; . — . ". 1 '* '.'»"' •" """'"■ 'til* r^; I .' :"-': "-' "
;..'. xoxukk A COLD IN ONK DAY. ; ;
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund, the money it it falls to cure. _*>c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 31ONDAY, DECEMBER 28,-1 896.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Strong Faith in Land Is a
Pronounced Feature of
the Situation.
Second Installment of Taxes
Will Become Due in
Two Weeks.
Important Sale of X amy • Street
Property Effected During the
Past Week.
While the real-estate market cannot be said
to be in booming condition, the Immediate
surroundings are of a character to maintain
existing confidence and strengthen the feel
ing: of satisfaction In the outlook for the
future which generally prevails.
Values are not likely to soften. In some sec
tions, perhaps, they may have reached their
zenith for the present, while in other direc
tions the probabilities rather favor enhanced
prices as the dwelling area extends..
Real-estate trade during the year now near-
Ins Us close may not have came ud to the
fnll desire of agents generally, yet the record
presented should bo satisfactory to all con
cerned when surrounding circumstances are
taken into consideration.
The preceding year was one of trouble from
almost every business standpoint, and time
was necessary for ret-overy. Sadden shocks
in firancial or business circles cause a greater
or less feeling of uncertainty, and operators
in any community move with much more
caution as a consequence. Slow movement in
real estate during the past year was therefore
to be expected.
Land is the bests of all values. It in the
foundation on which rests the financial fabric
of communities and nations. Bankers and
capitalists loan money on national bonds
simply because countries ami workiug popu
lnt'u'i are back of them. The same applica
tiou exists with regard to local securities, for
which the credit of a community or a district
may be pledged.
Realty is something that does not vanish.
It may tx| Bundled with both profit and loss
by speculation, it is true, but the substance
itself still remains. Lund investment in the
United States has bsen the direct source of
princely and even colossal fortunes for people
who happily bought at the right time.
lv many of the countries of the Old ' World
land is the property entirely of rich people.
Opportunities for ownership of homes by
working folks are almo>t unknown and the
masses have to be content with rented prem
ises all their lives.
! Even if land were available for purchase by_
wage-earners in Europe, the paucity of ttre
remuneration for labor would not admit of
buying on the part of working people. What,
satisfaction ought it to c>e, tnen. to the
American artisan when he can put by a small
sum every week or month for the payment of
a permanent shelter for himself and family.
It is a duty incumbent on every parent who
is not embarrassed by sickness or family
trouble, to make an effort to buy a home.
This can be done with greater ease in San
Francisco pernaps than in any other growing
city.
Lots, or houses and lots, of large or small
size, high-priced or low-priced, can be bought
on terms suitable for almost every buyer.
For those who have riot already started on
the road for the acquirement of a Home it
would be well now to make a beginning. The
advent of a new year is an opportune period
for a start in the premises. Tne coming ye»r
promises to D 3 more advantageous for such a
purpose than the two or three which preceded
it, because proporty is away down and buyers
now will have the advantage of whatever ad
vance Is sure to come sooner or later.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were 103 deeds placed on record dur
ingr the past week.
There were fifty-«even mortgages filed and
aggregated $143,732, among them being the
following: By tne Crocker Estate Company
to George W. Hinkel, $3000 for two years on
property at the southwest corner of Shrader
and Beuiah streets, 75x106:3 feet; by the
Hibernia Bank to Mary J. Lemman, $7000 for
one year at 6 per cent on property on
the southeast line of Market street,
300 feet northeast of Seventh, 50x90;
by the Hibernia Bank to Edwin and K-te
Miies, $12,000 for one year at 6)_ per cent,
and $1000 in installments on property on the
west line of Valencia street, 325 :3J. 2 ' "south of
Twenty-third, south 25, west 171 :e%, north
east 25:2?^, east 168:3%, and on the east line
of Valencia street. 230 leet south of Sixteenth,
south 30 by east 70; by the French Bank to
J. O. F. Wiike, $14,000 for one year at 7 per
cent on property on the northeast corner of
Guerrero and Eighteenth streets, north 108 :(>,
east 141. north 50. west 1, north 9, west 3:3,
north 16, east 56:9, south 14:4. west 4:7 7 -a,
south 11:4, eoutheast 58:2, west 45:01, south
100, west 149 :06\i; by the Germau Bank to
Peter L. McCiure, $6500 for one year at 7 per
cent on property on thj east "line of Oc
tavia street, 68:9 north of Qrove, north
68:9 by east 137:6; by the Fairmount
Loon Association to Bomain C. and
Caroline R. de Boom, $5000 for eight
years at 7 per cent on block 7 of the Cc Boom
Tract; by the Alliance Building and Loan
Association to Richard Spreckels, $10,000 lor
b\x years at 7 per cent on property on the
northwest line' of the Park road, 109 leet
northeast of Frederick s;n;et, nonheast 50,
west 125, south 50, east 125; by the Hiberuia
Bank to Mary A. Sherwood, $5000 lor one
year at 6]4 per cent on property on the south
line of California street, 110 fet east of Bu
chanan, east 27:6 by .south 137:6; by the
some to Thomas Sealc, $5000 for one year at
6% per cent on property on the northwest
corn r of First and Clempntma streets, north
west 80 by southwest 150; by the same to
Alexander H. Crew, $5000 for one year at 6}_
per cent on prope ri.v on the south line oi
O'Farrell street. 183:4 west of Jones, west
22:11 by sooth 137:6, and on the south line of
O'F«rrell street, 137:6 west of Jones, south
137:6 lj- west 45:10.
The releases numbered thirty-one and were
for a total of $173,592. The principal ones
were as follows:
By the Security Loan Association to J. J. and
Ida J. Cordy, $3400 on property on the north
line of Jersey street, 178:3 feet west of Castro,
west 24:4x114 feet; by the Hibernia Bank to
James Humphrey, $2500 on property on the
south side ot Golden Gate avenue, 27:6 feet
east of Buchanan street, 27:6x120 feet; from
the Hibernia Bank to Elizabeth H. and EU
ward U. Coe, $7600 on property on the south
west corner of Union ana Laguna streets, west
37:6 by south 100, and on the south line of
Union street. 87:6 west oi Liguna, west 50 by
south 100; from the same to Thomas D. Rior
dan, $8000 on prop rty on s-otith line oi Pacific
avenue, 115 east of Buchanan street, east 70
by south 127:8^. and on the souinwest corner
of Greenwich and Webster streets, south 120
by west 137:6; from the same to Timotny F.
and Mary F. Migill, $10,000 on property
on the southwest corner of Steiuer and
Ellis streets, west 90 by south 25; from the
same to Mary A. Gailagner, $11,050 on prop
erty on the soatnwest corner of Pine and Web
ster streets, west 283 by south 100; from James
M. Hnveii (marginal) to William H. Jordan,
$11,000 on property on the northwest corner of
Jackson and Spruce streets, west 137:6 by
north 127 :b%; from the German Bank to Solo
mon Wangeuiii-im, $55,000 on property on the
southeast corner of Sacramento and Davis
streets, south 91 :8 by east 117.
There were twelve build ii;g contracts re
corded during the past week, representing an
outlay of $43,000.
NEWS ITEMS.
A week from to-day the second installment
of real estate taxes will become due.
O. F. yon Rhein & Co. will hold an auction
sale of realty on Juuuary 28.
Contracts will be let this week for the build
ing of the Mission Grammar School.
'ihe property at the northeast corner of Clay
and Baker streets, 31x105 f.-et, with improve
ments, has been sold for $5625.
Tne sale of a piece oi Kearny-street property,
on the east line and north of Bush street is
reported by Shainwtld. Buckbee & Co., the
prjee reaiizd being $25,000. The following
sales are a. bo reported by the same firm- A
house and lot, 28 -.9x127 :<% on the north line
of Cl y street, near Devisnuero, for $7000: a
lot 25x100, on Potroro avenue, near Twenty
second street, for $2900; a lot 27:5x137:6, on
the north tine of Bush street, near Laguna for
$12,000; two lots 25x100, on Eleven h «ve
nu , between Clement a;id California, for $900
eacn ; two lots on Lake street, near Eighteenth
avenue, for $400 each, and fifteen acres of land
in Santa Claa County for $16,000.
A. J. Rich _ Co. make the following report of
recent sales: From a Campbell to W.New
man an unimproved lot, 100x137:6, on the
north line of Pacific avenue, 150 fe! west of
Baker street, lor $16,000; the lot 25x100 and
the new residence of C. C. Murphy to I. t)
Marky for $11,000*. i he lot 20x70 and the two
story brick building at 423 Minoa street, from
E. J. le Breton, trustee, to P. Ware for $5250;
a lot 25x100 on the west line of Scott street,
78 feet soutn of Washington, from S. C. Blake
to Clara Kiug for $4500; the twe-story dwell
ing and i< >t oi I. S. Markley at 2402 Clay street
for $5500; from Mr. Darsie of Scotland to S. Al.
ClnrKson, tour lets 25x100, in block 4 of the
Lake View Trail, iur $1000; two lots in the
same block to Mrs. S-'-di" Robinson lor $500;
two to B. Coleman for $300, and three lots
25x117, on the west line of Twenty-seventh
avenue, in the Richmond District, lor $975.
A. J. Ricli & Co. have hlso made several large
leases of Market and Kearny street property.
Bovee. Toy &. Co., ttfrough their country de
partment, report considerable inquiry for
country lands during the past lew weeks.
In the sale ot the tmctß of the McMahon
es;ate property, Solauo County, and the Hatch-
Annstroug ranch, near Acampo, San Joaquin
County, in mining parlance, they have struck
a rich lend.
During the past few days the following sales
have been reported by the firm: Lots 1,6, 7,
12, 13, 18, 19, 20. "21, 192.86 acres, in Mc-
Mtthau estate, for io Rtenzi Hughes of
this City; 274 acres ot the same partition of
the Toland estate in the southern part. of the
same county for $10,000, to Herman Hinds of
Holano County ; 160 acres of the same estate to
Peter Hertess of Rio Vista. Since the recent
purchase of the Cutting Paekiuß ComDany in
the Ilatch-Armstiong ranch near Acampo,
San Joaquin County, lots 47. 48, 49 and 50
have been disposed of for $16,000 to Z. T. by
denstrtcker of Sicramento.
AROUND THE DIAMOND.
TUe Daily Report* Defeated by the San
Francisco Athletic Club— Alerta
to Play the Winner*.
The National game seems to have as
strong a hold on the public as in the clays
when Colonel T. "Practical" Robinson
and Uncle Hank Harris held sway. This
was evinced »t yesterday's game at Cen
tral Park. Tne weather all day was
threatening, put it did not prevent a
large crowd of "'cranks" from seeing the
Ban Francisco Athletic Club team admin
ister a telling defeat to the Daily Reports.
For the first three innings the Reports
prevented their opponents from scoring.
In the fourth the atnletic club boys scored
three runs. Speilraan hit safely and stole
second, Pheiffer flew out to Murphy and
Spelltnan scored on Van Norden's single.
Reisso distinguished himself by hitting
the ball over the rignt-rield fence fora
home run. bringing In Van Norden.
The Reports became badly rattled in the
sixth and allowed nine of tbe Athletic
men to cross ttie plate, giving them a lead
that was never overcome.
Tue playing of Murphy of the Reports
was excellent, and the battery work of
Raymond and Drieus of, a high order.
The former held the Reports down to five
hits, and the iatter's accurate throwine
preventing any one stealing second wiin
out being put out-. omt
The Athletic Club team won by superior
work and heavy hitting.
The score is as follows :
S. F. A. C. A.B. B. B.H. SB. P.O. A. _.'
Sheeban.c. f....... 3' _ ."-■■■_ 0 0 0 0
Spell man. 2 b 6, 2 1^231
Phlerler.s. 5... .... 6 2 10 2. : 5 3
Van Norden, 3b... 5 2 10 2 10
Keisso, r. t ..4 3 2 10 0 0
Ford.;l b.\.. ....... 3 13 1 11 1 0
Gianlnl. 1. f......... 4 0 3 1 10 0
Drieus. c ....4 001741
Raymond, p........ 3 10 0 0 4 0
Totals 37 13 13 6 25 18 6
Daily Reports, ab. b. bh.s b. po a. c.
Hennessy, c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kelley, s-s. a 1 0 1 O 8 0
Cahill, c 4 0 0 0 6 0 1
Mnrpuy. 3 b 4 1 1 0 6 3 'i
Kd » arCs, 2 b 4 0 10 4 3 1
Hnnly, 1. f 4 01110 0
We.s o, 1 b 3 110 8 0 2
Powlinir, ]> 3 0 0 1 13 0
Dougherty, r. 1 4 0 10 10 0
Totals. 33 ~3 5 8 27 11 6
183456789
8. F. A. Clnb 0 0 0 3 0 9 0 1 0-13
Dally Reports 1 1000100 0-3
Earned runs— San Francisco A'.h'et'.c Clnb 4.
Home run— Reisso. Two-ba c ha— Reisso. Leit
on bas«s— S. (•'. AthleilcC ub 5, Repons 2. Bases
on errors — Reports '2. l:a.ses on called bil ft — S. F.
Athletic Club 7, Reports 3. Double p ayb— M urphv
io Kdwar.:s io Wesso. Passed balls— Cahl.l 2.
Drieus 1. Fairlnce hits— Cehlll. Pbeiffer, Murphy,
lirieus. Gianini. Hit by M cher— Wesso, Kelley.
Struck out— By Dowling 4, by Raymoud 4. Um
pire—McDonald. Time of game— 2 hours.
Otber Ounies.
There were no games at the Presidio
grounds yesterday owing to their mushy
condition.
On next Sunday the Alameda Alerts
will have another shy at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club team.
Both teams played last Sunday at Cen
tral Park, and the Alerts were defeated in
a hotly contested game by a score of 2 to 0.
The Aerts would have tied the score had
Umpire McDonald not called the home
run hit of Jackson over the left-field fence
a foul, ns Goldsworthy was on second,
and both men would have scored. A
great deal of discussion was had after the
game over the dec son and it was de
cided- yesterday to give them another
game, and on next Sunday an exciting
contest is looked for.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
T J Oumniing^Ferndale W Relntbert, The Dalles
E S Ciimtii;n,'.-,i-'<Tn<lale M Reiss. The Dalles
A L Johnxton. Kerndate T P .Stockton, or
C O Day & w, Watson vl W E stork t m. Or
J J Brier ey. Berkeley Mrs L Orendue. Portland
T N Hensa & w, Folsom Mrs J X Stewart. Portld
T Maditen, Ba licla B Bradley, Giendora
L () Riley, Oakland E Brndlt-y, Glendora
s Pedepo &s, Portland A A Bradley, <;len>lora
E T saxe. Portland J E Wl.tou, Portland
C Keller, Portland B Horton, Portland
Mrs H a Kel er, Portlnd (» B Alley, w <fe mthr, Or
J T Dougherty, St Louis H a Albert, Kyde
UEPetersßrntonliarbur T Murathaml, Pa
t O aimer. BemonHbr CM rt v, s>an Jose
T Overen. Benton II br M Piper. San Jose
J W hi U nuiti.'l i.laiin.ok MrsJ WeMlako, S Josa
B >Ikt : an. Portland Miss J We.stlake. S Jose
J M Kuedy. Portland Mrs E F Meyer, Oakland
J s Anderson, Seattle Mrs G Shermau, Ferndle
(« Volhard, Seatile J V summers, £onora
J JticMah-'n, NY J E Summeis, sonora
PJ UK ins. San Miguel J Ward, Vallejo
JI Bjrke. Tnlare P Mahoney, Vallejo
P ii Duffy & w, stocktn
LICK HOUSE.
J Nowlan, Little Valley C H Shinn, w <fc d, Nllea
J M Levee, Vallejo George Dott, Sausali o
Jame* .Adams. Cal M H Manuel A. w, Cal
Miss Z Crosby, A ncels Mrs C A M»riin, Oaklnd
J.l Donovan. Hanta Clara J A Wa Well, Snta tiara
G B Katzenstein, .Sacto A Delbanco. Poitiand
C Bachto.d, ■ o.run G Blake. (Juiiente
W 0 Duncan, Orovllle W A Howell, Cal
A Wellkomm, &m n Jo.ie \V 11 Lowtlen, Oakland
W v (iibbs, Oakland • co -Newman. El Paso
H HlrahfeM, Bakersfleld A II White, ssonora
W T Porter & w, i- re.-tno ,Io« Melrzer, Los Angeles
t .1 Kice. Cal J W Baibour, Cal
R B Saftold, Trubody H Vanderven & w, Colo
Mi.-s Anglyn, YreKa J W Wilson, Sacto
Henry Ayer, Tucson J Miller <fe w, San Jose
C B f>eel<-y, i\a|>a T H Lynch, Fresno
G II Mastic. Alameda W T Harris, Jio.rlumne
F A West, Stockton C H Miinn, Berkeley
T B Dozier, Redding J s Hewling, SAn Josb
D J Munnlx, Macto R C Wairath, Nev City
J Hammond & w, Pa 8 M Grifß:h, w A d, Pa
A T shaefei, Tehachapl D M Wooly, Pajaro
H Hoover, San Jose Ben Timmons, Cal
BUSS HOCSK.
J Lenin*. Blacks F L Black, Blacks
J A Thenhew * w, Or AM Soyder, Or
A X Moomaw &w, Or C 8 Evans Aw. Or
J T Lichuier. Or T L Neil. Pope Valley
A Hani?, Pope Valley Mrs W Pnilups, 8 Rosa
J X Berdenhler, 8 Rosa T L Craig. l>eialum>i
A T Stewart &w, Hacto W Smiley, Sacramento
M B ogers, -acto PO Weber. Uoston
F Menchaca. Kos.on J H Hill, Port Townsend
A la Barton. Los Ang W C Cross, Or
W T Hall, Or L O Rl ey, Fresno
II Kam»ey, B C IE Cone, Eureka
C R Scott, or c N Kvenn, Lodi
T Sauches, Pleasanton Dr Johnson, P.easanton
A Peek ham, Wataouvllle T P Church, San Leandro
S Yamada, 1 okio H Wi son, Petaluma
J L Johnson. Wash G Goodwin &. w, Wash
W F Aye.is * \v. Wash A Ayers <fe w. Mich
W II Meyer, Reno H Graves. Lou.svi le
G A Cullinen, Boston A W Anthony, San Diego
A Hmohiuson Aw, Wash J McCarthy, Vaitrjo
E Damon, Pt Kenyon A Donnely, Pi Kenvon
'1' H Viinn, Arcata Mrs T s Vann, Arcata
H O Shelley, San Joie
NEW WESTERS HOTEL.
L Adams, Chicago E Bu kley & f, Victoria
F F Ames<t f, rt Andreas C H i-ossbadt, San Ana
O X Cohen, ciucinnati W C Jaucn, Sacramento
D Morrison, Sacramento J W KlUnorth, Cal
Miss M 1 Mogan, Cal J H Williams, I'etaluma
>' De Vere, Fresno J Wadde. Sacramento
JF. Wise, Sacramento D W Taylor, --ai ramento
J Brant, Los Angeles F Metcalfe, Butte
L W Drewery, V S X* F 11 Miley, U « a
P A Mayford. Chlcaso J F Moffat, M.c«
W C Moore, Vallejo C Bergf s, C al
F F sber, U b .n i» Cro.ty. Mexico
P King, Minnesota J Dunn. Minnesota
D C Yore <fc \v, .Marysvle G S brant, Hyiamse
W I, Williams, s Hnf ael E T Sands, Ashland
W A Gerdon «£ w, I'hlla
BALDWIN HOTEL.
X W Willlams.lngleside F W Nelll. Butte
G \V S-ewarci, Los Anjls F M Kraus. 8t Lonis
H t* White & w.oaklund T P Weaver. Nw Orleans
H A t'nruh,Los Angeies IS B Koot, Los Angelea
V Parks. NY JF s.one. i ehama
1 J nrlggs. Campbell X Benjamin. Vallejo
HL. Hli.ii'B.i. Chicago* P Oakley «fe wf. SaitO
D P Maher, Waisonvllle H Radln, Fresno
J Lewwiy & wf.Los Ang X Bnffandean, b s Peru
U Ames, S 8 Peru
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss Johnston, Oakland Miss James, Oakland
A R J ckson, Cal X J Arnold. Santa Cruz
\V F Williamson, Cal W Hammond. Los Anj
D Beck, Oak and H X Field, Oakland
n W Field, Oakland J <) Cormar, Oakland
J Moore, Colnsa Mrs Chase, Chicago
T A Ward, Boston Mrs Hayes. Freswj
Mits A Hayes, Fresno T R William*. Cal
G M Tucker Bollcas Mr Hnden & f, Chicago
R A Wackman, Sacto SB Barlow, Salt Lake
G Arbuckle, salt Lake J Weil, snngtr
N R Jackson, Cal E Downing, Visalia
J S Craig. Woodland Mrs Hose, Stockton
A Goldcueister. Wrights s PBauley. Arizona
H B Peeplcs, Lf:s Ang A R Waters, Santa Ana
M C PenDlng on, Or J Dunlop, Michigan Bluff
J E Walsh, Auburn Mrs L w siiit.n. Cal
W L Talbot, Sa;-to J C Nlcnoi.s, Mockton
F I Knewing, liakdale J C Har.man, Merced
H C Veatch, .-anta Crus T R ParW^r. N apa
I) Leppa. S. viua Rosa G A Hoffman. Sacto
C Graneat, Chlco L P Bt-hrt- ns <fe w, Cal
F. M Arrustroag&w, Cal Mrs J H Thorp, Woodland
E M Maniiiou, Los An^
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss Jacks, Texas A Jaske & w, N T
L WoHsod » w, N V Mbs Woifson, N V
Leon King, N V C A Spencer. Boston
J T Blake, Kansas City G W Dubran, Halton
J Dookweller, l.os Ang F M Nic c.l. Los Ani
MP Sn dor. Loi Ang A Herran Cripple Creei
CB Kn>pp<& w. Pa WJun«er, Jio::terev
li'Ti i. \V Fra'iie, Mo Mrs ; ai>e, Angel, Camp
B Lang ford, Stockton T Harrington Co: usa ~— 7
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
. ' BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai,^-
TlO Market , street, • open \ until ' 12 o'clock ' eT«ry
night In the year. .V?;- 
BRANCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery ■tlMt,
corner Clay open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark in street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. comer Sixteenth ' and Mission street*, opo
BCtU 9 o'clock. ' ' ;■ -.
2618 Mission street,' open ontll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, opnn until 9:30 o'clock, 1J:1 J : : ■ '
;M)ljC_i, |n'.,;_iii^iLSti3.
IPS 3 '■ ••■ ING SOLOMON'S LODG E NO. a "
S"- 5^ 260, K. and *. , M., . cor. ■ Geary . an I _%
steln-r Called meetinx THIS (MON-'V
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock FIRST r^f\
DEGREE. By order of the aster. .
■"■■: V .--.. H A HRY'B a KHK, Secretary.
f_^s?» ABOUBEN ADHKM LODGE U t *i_'/* ~
ss_>r No. 112, I. O. O. F. -Me m lie rs .^^a»^
are notilled to attend funeral or our -_!S^lsfS_^
late brother, SAMUEL W. HARPKR, "^W/IIN?^
from lodgeroom, MONDAY, 1 p. h.'-' ; .* -
■':;-' ;: - FREDERICK, MADSEN, IN. G.
K_s»--M.. E. B. A. NO. 85— THE ANNUAL
i I*— >" election of officers will take place at Portola
Hall, N. S. G. W. building, TUESDAY' EVKN-
JNG, Dec, 29. , Members ate requested to attend.
By order G. R.KINGSjLaN'D, President.
- J. J. seabey, Secretary.
j|~S= RIGGERS' AN sTKVEDORKS 1 UNION
.«*—^ Association— members of this associa-
tion are hereby notified, 10 attend their meeting
MONDAY EVENING, at 7::0 o'clock -sharp, for
the transaction ot very, important business. cf-
ticeru for the ensuing term will be nominated. ' By
.order t • • ALEX CAMPBELL, President.
T. E. Durham, secretary. ;
JPr^S 3 A SPtCIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
(*>-»'. bets of the Bishop Armltase Church or-
phanage will be held at. the office of the sectetary,
630 California street, room , 38, on January 12.
1897, at 12 m, for the purpose- of revising or
amending . the by-laws of said corporation, or
adopting new by-laws; also for the transaction of !
such oilier business as may come before the meet-
In^ L.' WADHAM, Secretary. !
»_s*- ANNUAL MEETING— THE RKGULAR
■ •»>-»'. annual meeting of the stockholders of the j
Sum Dnm Chief Mining Company will be held ac ;
(be office of the company, room 3 in the Ho- :
bart building. 53 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal..'!
on SATURDAY, the 2d flay of January, 1897, at
.the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
electing a board of director* to serve during the
enmlng year and the transaction of such other
business as may come I efore the meeting. '
; j . H. O. STEVENSON. Secretary.
' Office— Room 3 In the Hobart building, 532 Mar-
k»-t st,. w an Francisco. Chi. .
.: .-..-..■ DIVIDEND NOTICKS.
_t_s»* HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOA SO-
I*-*' ciety, 18 Geary st— The airectors have de-
clared the foilo.vin semi-annual dividends 4.20
per cent per annum on term and 3.60 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January 2, 1897. ERNEM BRAND, Sec. *
g£_B> *KCD i^ITY SAVINGS BANK, 222
■SfcJS 1 Montgomery St., Mills building; dividend*
on term depo Its at the • rate of four and one- tilth
(4 1-6) per cent per annum, and on ordinary de-
posits ut the rate of three and one-haif (3y_) per
cent per annum, tor the half year ending Dt-cem-
-1 ber 31, 1896, will be payable free of tuxes on and
after Janury 2, Ife97. ■ - : - ■;
! : . . ; . . S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secre'.ary.
I ■t^* DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
'I*-*' Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st., cor. >ut-
ttr.'. For the half year ending December 31. 1895,
a dividend has been declared at < the rate of . four
and two-tenths (4 2-10) per cent, per annum on
term deposits -and three; and ■ one-half (3i/_) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of ' faxes.
payable on and after Saturday. January-2, 1897.
Dividends not called for are added. to and bear the
same rate of dividend as the principal from and
after January 1, 1897. • ■ . .
■ CYhUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
: £__S» DIVIDEND NOTICE— TH GERMAN
Efr— s* Saving* and Loan Society, 626 California
stree:. For the half year ending December 31.
1896, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
lour 1 and twenty-six ; bundredths (4 -6-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three and
fifty-rive hundredth* (3 55-100) percent per an-
num on ordinary : deposits, . free •of : taxes,' payable
on and after >a:urdny, January 2. 1897.
, GEO.TOUBNY. secretary.
f£^S» DIVIDEND >OTCK— MUTUAL SAV-
"--^ Ings Bank of San Frnn< lsc\ 33 Post St.— For
the half year endue I'ec, 31, 189J, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per c«ut per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.3:-i/ 3 ) p-rcent per annum on ordinary deposits,
freeof (»xes, pay»ble on and after SATURDAY.
Jan. '_, 1897. GEORGE A. STORY, ( ashier.
er-g 1 ' IUVIDM.ND NOTI E— SAN FRANCIS-
■f-*^ co Savings Union, 652 Cnlltornia street, cor-
ner Webb. lur the naif year endins with ihe 31»t
of December. 189 j. a dividend has Been declared
at the rate per annum of four and two-tenths (4.2)
per cc it on term deposits and three and five-tenths
(3.5) per cent on ordi ary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday, January 2, 1*97.
LOVK I, wh 'T . < ashler
SPECIAL i NOTICES. "
Jtr^g* INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $26: PER-
tk—^ fectly harmless; ladles treated at, home. B.
D. KIMMIS. 916 Market st., Colombian Building.
KS»^OAS FIX <UREa MADE TO ORDER;
u^— »" cheapest pla c; In :-. the city. U. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden «ate aye. '?,
Itqgj* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOX »4:
*— " collections made, city : or. country. PaciflJ
I nll/-r«inn Co.: 415 Moni— - «- ■ room 6. ■ V"- . BSHJ.
fclllAliU.Ns y»' AN I J_JU>— i: l-iI ALE.
COMPETENT WOMAN WiTH 2 CHILDREN
desires a situation In the country: wages no
object; references.' MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutler. ,
QUPERIO : ENGLISH COOK DE~IKEs SITU-
O ailon:»- best city - references:: not afraid of
mork. M'SS CUILKN, «23 suiter st. v ■- v .
~\r UUNG : GERMAN \VID«W DESIRES POSI-
«- lion as work! g housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. -- 106 Fourih st, room 2. ' ■ 7-?
RANTED— A POSITION Aa WORKING
'» housekeeper ' In city .1 or country, or s r 111 . do
chnmberwork; the widow of an Odd Fellow.
1016 Union. St. ■■;". ;;. ..*■,.
2 LADIES WANT WORK. ONE AS LADIES'
day nurse and the other as housekeeper or
waitress hi a small plac<». < all or address 102 2
Missions;., basement: no trifl'-rs. : - -.
EXPECTABLE YOLNG GIRL WANTS SlT-
nation: to do light ht.usework. Call or address
for 2 days, 144 Fifth St.. room 10. > , : ;"
VOD.NO:: LA DV WISHES : POSITION AS
J. housekeeper or general hous work in city or
country. ■ Addreas * 0 '2 Powell st. '
I- 0, £. PKR DAY; : DRES-MAKER AND AS-
| ' «IT — ' sis aut; sun finished In a day; first-class
j references. 10b Fell st. ': ' «,."
\kf IDOW WISHES SEWING OR MENDING
»» to do at home; children's clothes h specialty.
Call after 10 a. it.. 139 Fourth St., room 7. '
f\ ERMAN WANTS WORK; WASHING, IRO.V-
*J Ing or cleaning Iby the day. ; GINSBERG, 152
Pi Try st , bet. Third and Fourth. ... ':-■:'.?
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY OR
week. j 350 El veuth st. :' ..-.-.-.■-:-: -^ >
WANTED-POSITK N AS TRA VK LING COM-
»» . panlon to Invalid or children going East In re-
turn for first-class fare. Add. E. C. 923 McAllister.
SITUATION WANTED BY GOOD, RELIABLE
girl fir general housework: good couk; bojt
of references, tall 1054 Howard st. :'. : ; 
GERMAN WuM N WISHES ANY. KIND OF
VJ work by the day. Call or address 1504 a How-
ard '.-/■.,:./■■... v, ■■•.■.;--' ■.'. -.■• ■--.. ;
: "Y T OUNG - LADY PO^SKSSI^G -MANY AC-
*- J. complishroents '. desires a-■ position 'as house-
keeper in a bachelor's or widower's home. ■' Room
2, 223 Post st. ?■ .;; . . = ■■.■.■...;■
ANIsH GIRL WISHES A SITUATION IN
» prlvat • i family to do general j housework ror
cooking. ji : Apply at 207 Montgomery aye. ' .. ,;
\ki OMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS 81TUA"
• 11 tiou: city or cou try; 1 good cook; do general
housework. 221 Minna st. ;
: pLAINt WASHIN . WANTED BY A FIRST-
JL class washer: 6 cents per piece. 2- 5 Polk, rear.
pOMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY A WoilAN
•\J wishes to do w ►hiug, Ironing, r cooking or
hoiiFecleanltiK by the day: best references. MRS.
M. CURTIS, 336. Twenty-sixth st., near Mission.
; 1 RELIABLE AMERICAN WOMAN.- ;: WITH
. -IV daughter (14), wishes situation ;by January 1 1
at iiLtnework, chamberwork or nurse tor children;
city ; or country ; family or Institution : ■. small
wages. ii Address ii Its." M.. box 73. Call Office. ■'■ .
\ r OUNG WIDOW DhSIRES A POSITION AS
p\_ houst-keeper; good cook: prefers a widower's
or bach lor's home; city or country. "< 309 Butter
St., room 3...;-j'-r-. -*'.'-:■:.'■'■- ■ ': \ ■-•.. '';'-;■.;■.--.■"■■:■
OSITIONt AS * WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
in widower's | home .by | experienced American
lady; a^e 25; good references P. a. ~ box 74, CalL
ASTERN LADY WANTS « SITUATION AS
housekeeper: city or country; the best of ret-
erenc-s Apply 138 a Fourth St.. room 4. :. '<i-\
YOUNG CJ- WliOW OF EXPERIENCE ' DE-
V ■*■' sires T a . posl li>n as i working : housekeeper 1 for
widower or in lodging-house. t ; call after 12. room
9, 472 Stevenson st., corner Eixtb.
: SITUATTONS ■ WANTED— Contlnni'rt.
Y OUNG. WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X a* housekeeper; city or country. 144 Fifth s^,
room 6. ■-.*:->•■■.'-■■' ■'."-•■■ : -■ '-'.'■ : r ; - '<■**
EFINEU LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION
"S\> as managing ; housekeeper. Address 8 Mason
St., room 3. • ■...' ■■■'•'■ ■-■••-■■
p t.RMA WOMAN WA.nTS ANY KiND OF
VJ work by the day or 'hoar; washing, ceaning
or cookin_. F., box 120, Call office. ,;-.J-.-\\- : .
RES-MAKEK, GO >D CUT AND Fir, BY. 1
\J the day, 7dc. ; 103 Eighth , St., corner Mission.
-A M_RICA.N - N U BSE, EXPERIENCED.
-'» wants care of invalid; low wages: medical ret-
encea. 15aO Kd-lv »t. , : ■ -. . ■;• -■■ . ■ .. ■■ :i
KESSMAKKR, FIRST CLASS. WOULD
like engagements by the day; city or country. .
7.6 j.arkinsl. ■ * ■' ■ "
\V ).\Lli_o 1 _X HOUsK. 44 THIRD 61.. >'_.
»' Market: 200 ? rooms: ; 250 to .; $1 60 per nlghs: .
1 1 60 ios6 per week: convenient and respecutbu.
litre bus ana bacearetn and from the lerrr.
; ;:"C ; _iTUA'iAOA_ : WAMtii-iiAU.
HUNTER * CO, CHINESE AND - JAPA-
XI rese employment office. 17 Webb st. below;
Kearny. nr.- v;.; teL maUi23l. W.CYOUNO. mgr
/CHINESE JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS:
V.;help:tel.maln 1997. BU.\D»-EV<feCO..64oClay.
nillNhSK AND JAPANESE EMPLOY MEN 1'
\J office: best help. 414% O'Farrell. Tel. F. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
0 73, St. Ann's bllg. 6 Ed ly st.: teL Main 5-.'34.
T ANDSCAPE gardener, WITH LIFE-
XJ time practical experience, thoroughly under-
8- anils laying out parks and private grounds, de-
Sires f .-"w more engagements.' H. L., box 137. Call.
AN AND WIFE, iOB CITY OR COUNTRY;
private family: best of references: man Is
good hand with horses; wife is good cook. D. Z..
box 161, this office. -v ' .
OY, 15V, YEARS Of AGE, WISHES A
place to work and go to school In the country
in a small city. Address A. R., box 119, Call.
\\r ANTED— POSITION A* COOK: RESTAU-
'* » rant, bcarding-bouse or hotel: good reference.
D. J., box 13 1, Call Office.
TEADY', RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
wants work of any Kind: can drive and care for
horses. . C.F., box 119, this office. . \ t .
•\ OUNG MAN WISHES* TO ASSIST UNDER-
I taker with view to learning the business; re-
liable, willing and oDllpin-; no pay. expected at
beginning. Address U., box 96, Call file. ■''-
"L IRsT-CLASS BOOKKEKPER AND OFFICE
j. man for large bouse: salary do object: good
city and best Eastern references. LUTE H. PIKE,
869 Market st. . i-; ■
AN AND WIFE WOULD LIK_ TO GET
l'l work in a boarding-house; man la agool cook
and his w fe a good housekeeper; city or country.
Address 271 Stevenson St.. basement. •
OLNG STRUNG GERMAN MAN, ACTIVE,
understands grocery aud bar bu«ln°ss thor-
oug'tly, willing, desires a steady position . In a
grocery.' Address G. G'.. box 74, Call Office. ■
r ANTED— A CHANCE TO LEARN. THE
' * shoemaker'^ trade: I would like to make a
proposition to some shoemaker; references given.
Address J. 8., box 83, Call Office. ,
"L^NGINEER'S POSITION BY COMPETENT
XJ engineer and , electrician, conversant with re-
lrlgera.lou; wages not so much object a* steady
position. Address L. B. G., box 11. Call Office.
UMP.-.TKM', ENGINEER i»E-IRES ; PO-
sltion; - 15 years' experience; high or low pres-
sure. H. IX)Y, 217 Minna a.., S. F.
p ERMAN, GoOl> KITCriKN MAN, WANTS
vJT work: dean place; no room. German, 617
Howard s .. room 21. •
Vv/ ).>CJ±E»TKK HUUSK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
': 11 "Market— Electrlo lights 'in every room: 20J ;
rooms: -5c to $1 50 per nigh' ; Cl 50 to $4 par
Itre bus anrl baggage to and from the terry.
> til ALE WANTED.
C^oIcsT^OtERICANi^AMTLiEsi $30: BEC-
£t O:id girl. *20: cook, German style. $25: cook, I
boardlnsr-liou.se, $-5: 4 waitresses and chain !
maids. $20 and $25, an 1 a great many girls for i
cooklnz and housework. J. F. CROSETT _ Co.,
3:6 gutters-; ,?■.--•■'■
OOK. COUNTRY, $30: -COOKS, CIT», $25
and $30. MISS CULLfc-N, 323_ulterst.
CoTT)REnCCOK. $30 COLOrjJCD^WAITRESH,
$15; same nous . MISS t'U^Lß^, 323 Sutter.
W^AITRESS AND LAUNDRESS. PRIVATE,
family, $30. MISS ( ULLKNi'323 sutler st.
OUSEWOKK GIRL, PALD.ALTI-. $25; SAN
-D-: Jose. $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
pATHuLIC WORKI ■ G nOUSEKEtPEK, $15.
•V_ MlS> CULLKN, 323 utUcr. .
OOK, BOARDING-HOUSE, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 cutter st. ...:•■■
ANCiI COOK, $25: NURSE, $20; SECOND
jtirl, $20; 15 housework glr.'s. city and coun-
try, 20 acid $15; 8 young giils, assist, $10 to $15.
M 88 UP- N , 323 Sutler st.
EAT YOUNG GIRL, .IGHT WORK. $16.
1\ .MISS CULLfc-N, 323 utter st. .-•;,.
T7IRENCH 1 UIKL, »20. MISa CULLED, . 323
J sutter st. ■! .. .1..,
\\! AKTED-WAITRKsS. BOARDING-HOUSE,
'• $18 and room: chambermaid, same place, $18;
rook, small hotel, $20: French nursery governess, i
$25; laundress and waitress, $26: French gir. for !
housework, $25; German g.ri, $20; young girls to
assist-. LI-.uN ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
ADY* .-HASIPUOKR FOR TURKISH BATH:
must be a good rubber; 335. C. K. HANSEN
CO.. 110 <;ear/ st- . - : 5 :
FIKSi -CLASS WAITRESSES, HOTELS,
city, $20: waitress assist ciiamberwork, $-0:
waitress assist piatn sewing. $20. C. R. HANSEN
<t CO., 110 Geary s . ,v
/ i IRLFoit G-NERAL HOUSEWORK SMALL
'I American . lamily. $20: call early ' Monday
mornintr. -. c R Ha.n>l N A C_i, 110 Geary st.
ORED COOK. $30,' AN D COLORED W AIT-
\J res* same place, private family, $15; firs -class
cook, privets family. French, $25; nuneelrl, as-
sist ciiamberwork-. s2o,see party here Monday at 1
o'clock: 3 girls, light housework, rmall families,
$15: young girl. 1 1-0 cook, assist housework, $12.
C. B. HANa-KN(_ CO., 110 Geary st.
8 WAITRESSES, CITY" AND COUNTRY HO-
iel.«, $20, $18 and $15:2 waltrei-es, same
country hotel, $20 each; chambermaid, assist
waiiinz, and wai reis, ci:y, $18 each: laundress
and second gin, city;- housekeeper, country, $10;
Scandinavian ranch cook, $20; -young girl 12
years of age as companion. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st. ; <_■
/URL? AND WOMEN WAN i I.\G . MIUA-
vJ ti_:is of an y kind city or country, call and
reslster at MURRAY' ARKADY'S, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st. -' -. - . :.
TTOUSKGIRL..-VALLEJO. «20: GIRL, PINK
Xl St., $20; girl, Oakdale, $25. cal ; carry : cook,
nice lamily, Geary st , $25; girl, Buena Vina St..
$20; eirl. Eddy st., $20: girl, Twenty-first st, $16:
girl, Powell St.. $12 60: girl, Howard St., $16; gir>.
Powell st., $15; ■ girl, Mason ; St., $15: = girl, nice
country home, $2o; girl, Steln*-r st.. $15; girl, Bu-
chanan su, $16; >tir , Polk st., $16: gin : lor Liver-
more; girl for Jetaluma; housekeeper, id ower.
Si 2: 27 youmr giils. $8. $10 and $12 per month,
assist, etc., nice families. MARTIN'S, 749 Market,
C WAITRESSES. $20 AND hOO-M; CHAM-
« • bermaid and waiting, $18 and room: head wait-
ress: waitress,* .« s a week: restaurant cook; $; 0; :
4 waitresses; $15 and room : 5 young girls to assist
in small restnurtms a .d hotels: 2 girls tor coun-
try hotels, $30 and r om: (co> coun ry hotel, $26
aud room.- MAKllN'e, 749 Market St. .
iBLv.TO ••._'»■:■- ERA L HOUSEWORK:
must be good cook, wrsberand ironer; also
se ond girl, upstairs work and sewing; city refer-
ences required. "Apply 1 725 Pine St. -«. \
\\r ANTED — GERMAN OK SWEDISH GIRL
■ 11. for general : housework ' and .. plaia cooking;
wages $15. Apply. 1t35 Ellis st. ■>■-.-. — -
U ANTED— HIRL, FRENCH OR SPANISH,
iT to care for 2 children < all at the California
Hotel onday bet. 10 and 12. .■ ■•■•;". ; ■..
OOD GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework and plain looking; WBgeis2o. 933
Haunt st. ■'■'. ... ...:;■ . ::.'-:'
/i ood WOMAN or for light HOUSIt-
VJ work and plain cooking; $8 to $10. 764
Howard st. • " • .
WI ANTED— GERMAN GIRi, t\.H CHAMBER-
TT work, *vashin; and ironing at the New Wash-
ington Hotel, X4B Fourth st. - '
MARRIED COUPLE TO TAKE ROOM,
where wife U willing to work 4 hours daily in
exchange for room rent. 3 lit) Mi Fifth si.; . ;.: ■-.
AJSTID- I L FO . COOKING AND GEN-
'» eral ht)usenor.<; wages $15. 2211 suiter st. „,
GIRL WANT D TO AS~ISI IN GENERAL
homework ii unali faml y. 1634 jilllssK - :
IRL FOR Gli-.NEKAJLi HOUSEWORK.. 1218
; Golden Gate aye.. . ' ■'■■'::■--:
V. IB T-CLA.-n OPERATOR AND FINISHER
X o.i pants. 724 V 3 Market st , roor.i 27.
W! ANTED— STRONG YOUNG, WOMAN FOR
«' ; homework.* 102 We.sh st.. cor. Four;h.'. • ■-■■;*,
|,>INIbHKR - ; WANTED' ON CUSTOM COATa
X and buttonholes. : ; 123 Buss s. ; ■?: . . ..- •• • -,«- ■> •;
IHL TO Ai-SJSi' : WITH CARE OF CHILD'
r live borne. ■ 1824 Eddy st., near Scott.
BRAND GRL; ALSO APPRENTICE •ON
custom pants. 92Si/_ Folsom st.
GIOOD TAILORES.-KS-ON, CUSXOM COATs"
r 332^ Clementina st. . ■-.;. : ; .'*"- T. A^ #
ANTED-Pi PILS FOR PRACTICAL MlL-
llnery school; course thorjugh; class now
forming for sprin work satlsfariion guaranteed.
22% Geary si., removed from 410 Leavenworth. -
UAN Tj.U-GiiRMAN GIRL FOt4 GENERAL
i» I housework --■.:. wages $10. 2014 Golden Gate.
TV ANTKD-A GIRL, FRENCH OR SPAMaH.
••'■ » 1 : rare ; for , 2 children." • Call . California Hotel
Monday 10 to 12.o ! oloc-_. ■.'•:•.•-■ ■■■--. '■ .■■
G~IKL TO ASSIST WITH - LIGHT HOUSE-
work; small family;; wages $8. 2410 Folsom.
L LYNN'S DRESSMAKING r AND' CUTTING
X Academy, 14 McAllister st.: : $1 a week.
T AW'RENCh :■; CUT » I G , SCHOOL IS THE
OJ only reliable place i for patterns; every one :-
i-naranteed to be perfec  1231 Market st. ..
T ? x'. HE >r yvß^lV *BE i NOT s > DECEIVED:
XJ the McDowell v the best; conducted and only
exclusive *•,"•«-»»«»« school in the : city: a visit
to - our well-known •. academy will convince ? any
fZM%? so " ? 1 USA 1ac:: P»»erns cut to order,' _sc,
includiu,; shirts: 2 week ssewiug lessons free to all
TIN? this week. McDDoWELL DRt.s.S-CUi-
TINc. SCHOOL, 636 Market, opp. Palace! ■■;■. ;
• M °_i' r C " N YEN lENT AND RESPECTABLK:
200 W '-Chester H . ou _*; 44 Third st, near Market-
-200 rooms::; 25cao;$150;per night- $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggag« to and from ferry?
, HELP W ANTED— Contfnno'l.
X\r ANTED-MEN *aKD WOMEN TO LKARX
Larb»r trade only i vtcuk* required: tooii
given and ca.alogua eeu_ a. *. iaucur* Sctioo!,
51 5 Ho war. I <.:. ;' *."*"-■" ' ! '
3_A__ htl"' v. A>XJ_l>.
UTAfITKD — MINEE, $40 AND BOARD;
V? 'blacksmith helper to learn trade. $15 to $23
and found; laborers.; sl 76 day: cabine.uiakeis;
miners to take contrac: ho. el cook, country. $.0:
lunch and dinner waiter, and others, App'y to J.
F. C OSETi ■ & ('P.. 62ei Sacramento st.
>S OO D BUSINKS.S MAN A D OFF ICK WORK;
ijr $4!> and increase; references. C R. HaNSKN
& Co., 11U Geary >t. ;
'A SHIP CA PENTEhS, COUNTRY,. «3 A
4 day ; job printer, ii a day. C. R. H.a N's_.N _
CO., lit) Geary st.
VIBST-UI.ASS . -BAIiKEKPKK rOR "**>?'
X 1 class country hotel; $75. C. R. HAN > EX <_
CO.. 110 Geary st.
r FIRST-CLASS^ WAIT-RM FOR FIKBT-
-5 class country hotel; $35. C. K. HANsEN _
CO., liO Geary 8 . ' ____
DASiRY COOK. COUNTRY HOTEL f 60:
X bread baker, country hotel, $oO: J-rench head
cook, coun ry restaurant, $75: Ironer en sh rt and
collar machine, $3o: French niilit cook, lestau-
rant, $40. C. R. HAN EN & CO.. 11 - Geary at.
/ 'AR-ENEK. FLOWKKn AND VKGEI'A-
\7 h..?. $.6 middl HRed man: butch, rf^r a
ranch $26 ai.d lound, see boss Lire. . ML KKA V
& READY, Leading men t Agents, bc!4and
6>6C ay st. ____
/• FARMERS. $25, $20 AND $15; 3 WAITERS;
D 3 cooks; 2dishwasheis. MUK HAY _ KKADY,
Lfadlng r.nippyment a ■ ents. 634 and C!iG Clay.
11, IiOLD MINERS BLACKSMITH FOR A
"■ '*' mine, $2 25 a day and found. MURRAY it
BEADY. Leading Employment, Agents, 634 and
63a Clay «t. . ■
I,'ARMKK AND WIFE, $40 AND FOUND,
X I steady job; man to raise blackberries on shan a.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AN AND WIFE (MIDDLt-AGED COUPLE),
man is chorfman. wife us coo*. MUR ' AY &
KkauY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay St. '
O X, $10 A WEEK: COOK, $12 A WEEK;
\J cook, $9 a week: cook, $65 and room; cook,
48 a week; cook, $50; man and wife to rent din-
ing-room; restaurant porter: pantryman: hotel
porter: young man .as kitchen steward; black-
smith, take Aiiopon shares; ranch hand, sl2. MAR-
TINs, 749 Market st. -
JAPANESE < OOK, $ 5 AND ROOM; CALL
early. MARTINS, 749 Market.
O WAITERS. COUNTRY HOTEL, $25. R. T.
_J WARD & CO.. 6 '8 and 610 Clay st. ..
It YOU ARE AN ACI'iVE MA.S, WILLING
to work, and d eposit $10, we can guarantee $25
weekly. 215 s»nsome St.. room 12. ■
OOD s-HOKMaKKR. 4102 NINETEENTH.
St., near Castro.
APANKSE BOY WANTED FOR LIGHT
0 housework;, wages $12. Apply 315 cutter st.
OY AT LICK HOUSE LAUNDRY. 9 LICK
JJ place. '
SKCOND COUNTRY HOTEL, $35. AP-
ply at 609 Kearny St.. room 8.
BARBER WANTED; STEADY JOB. CALL
602 Clay st.
OHOEMAKER WANTED ON RKPAIRINU; A
O man on new work. 202 Fifth st.
U/ ANTED— BOY TO SET TYPE IN JOB
»» office. • 47 Third st.
ANTr.D — A GOOD COATMAKER. 388
Geary st. v
YV AN IKD — GERMAN DISHWASHER AT
V» 1111 Market st.
I)UUMS 15c To 75c PtR NIGH 1 ; 60C To $1 5<J
Xv per week. . Oriental. 225 Drnmm st. ,
\\/AMTrD-2 BOYS WHO CAN OPKRATE
»» the Remington typewriter. Address P. O.
box 2048: state age and give references.
ANTED— INTELLIGENT BOY ABOUT 16
years old: not afraid to work: wages $4. 112
Eddy st. '
IMMKDIATELY, Al SHIRT-IKONb R; MUST
*x understand Sinclair machine and starch-making:
flMt-class washer and soapmaker: good wages and
lound: country: references. 674 Fo som su, r. 10
\\[ anted— tailors to TAKE sitting
»» room; rent low. 131 Montgomery, room 6.
17IOR FULL AND O-KA.V 10c ..ir.AL OK
. coffee and cakes 5c zo to IS 1/3 Grant aye.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
our own make: $2 50. 959 Howaid, nr. sixth.
INGLE FURNISH* DROUMS; 15c A NIGHT:
0 75c week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
AKilKßo' n.ultCll»_ LMuS EMPLOY-
ment s«Teinrv. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
ARBKK-— FOR EMPLOYMi-.NT CALL SKC.
P.O. Barbers' Assn. K. FCC HS. 325 Grant ava.
SOURN_.YM_N BARi.KRa' _.11P_OVM_.M'
_e<reiarr .H. BKRNARD. 102 seventh st.
K AKBEK WASHSTAND.-". ONE, TWO AND
0 three bowls. heap. 623 Golden Gate aye.
EST --CHAIP. BARBKR-SHOP IN CITY.
A pply at 1 1 avlor st. - ;■ •
-. ANKKUPT SALE— HAVING PURCHASED
1 1 large stock of boots and shoes that roust be
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
sprlne goods. Cal. Boot and shoe Mfg. Co. 's stores,
767 Market and 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel. -
■p EC R U ITS WANTED Full TJIE UNITKU
Xt Mates Marine Corps. United States Navy;
able-bodied unmarried men, between the aces of 11
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United state*,
or those who have legally declared their Intention .
to become citizens: must be of good character an!
habits and able to speak, read and write EnglUh,
and between 6 feet 5 lncne* and 6 feet in beigac
For further Information apply at, the Recruiting
Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco. Cal.
\\f ANTh.D-LA BORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, P.enn House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, -17 Third st. : 15J
large rooms; 1 -5c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
f|<ni ACME iiuUso, »_/ jiAiiivr.T si., BiS-
J. low Sixth, for a room: -6c« night: $1 a week.
"vri-.w WAL_O HOUSE, 76 J mission, BUT.
i.l 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 103
tosoc.week 60c to $2; reading-room; strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean: quiet: open all night.
T^LGHOHOU.-.r:, Bb3^ MARKET ST.—
T-J 20c. 25c to 50c niebt: $1 to $2 wee*.
OSEDALE. 3-1 ELLIS— CHEAPEST AND
best odglng-house In the city: open all nigh-
INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 iHIKU ST., NR.
MarKet: 200 looms, 25c a night; reading-
zoom: free bus and ba.'cace to and from the ferry.
HOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER:
any style, $3 up: - misfits and cast-oil shoe-
bough: or exchanged; large stock of second- h»n4
f.hoes: first-class repairing; work guuraaived.
749 Mission st-, near Grand opera-house.
I (\l\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT lOC, 15a
J. Vis and -Oc a iiiglit. including coffee and roiU.
624 Washington St.. hear Kearnv. .
ANT_.D— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK Of
If tome simple thing to ' catent* Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. - Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN Co., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
. neys, Wasbineton. D. c for their $IbUJ priM
offer and list of 2UO Inventions wanted.
ANTED, To COLLECT WAGKS DUX LA BO it
era— clerks. KNOX Collection Ascy. 110 Sutler
BEsT IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per wee-,
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdqrff sts.
ANTED— ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
week: rooms for 2,*25 c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st., ;
SIMOiN WANTS 100 Mr.N TO i.ET BO 1-
. tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
ANTED. YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIK
shoes op to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day caa have their snoes repairs.'!
at night while you wait; ladies' soling, 35c; men'i
eollng, 60c: tine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c np w
$_ 50. :,6\! Mission St.. bet. First a:, and Second «■'
AOt.M'j UANTiifj. 80S
"PUBA".IS nAT THE PEOPLE WANT TO
■\J know about: now Is the time to sell oar
••Cuba" book: liberal terms: apply at once for
territory. F. Pi; RSON, Manager subscription De-
partment, The Whlttaker & Ray Company.
AGENTS— A BOOK THAI' OUTaKLLS ANY
-O. publication sire Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one wan
the book written by the commander-ln-chief of tho
.United sia.ei army: first agent's commission
$22 In 3 boars. - K. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whitaker <_ Ray Company,
723 Market st,
PARTNERS wanted.
Y^u^trioulT^f^m^nlsrT^
-L tai, to help Improve a good business. 340
Fourth st. ~ TOil 1 itilllV .'JunJiiUrjO.Hmijyi* ■
KOO.VI.S \V AN liSl),,
wo v nfij rnlSh edT^nTectimThou&e^
i- keeping rooms. .' dJress M., box ■ 38, ( all.
BOARDING WANTED.
[Tj V' YOUNG MAN board AND ROOM IN
• Protestant family iv vicinity of Eddy and
Hyde gts.,-. Address C, box 120, CalL 3- . ,
UASli.L.__lst_LLAMi«»ti.
BUILDIWOS BOUGHT; LTJMBKB, SASHESL
xj doors .mantels, etc., for sale. 1168 Mission sT.
O-COND-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS. IMS-
kJ ses, magic lanterns and elides. 109 Mont?mry.
S^, I—'1 — ' • luoit-U 1 ,iv>,aui..1,,, A.m< j rev-
O elry to A.KLEIN. 109 Sixth »t ; ten.; poViil.
: PROFESSION At. ;' CARDS. ~~~
• TOHN E. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. ROOiH
"28. and 27, Crocker l>uilu___; u«ei)Uou« _li_a
75, Kan Francisco. Cat; - . ;.; -
; 1 UH.N K. AiTK_.\ AND MAURICE L. A-SHKH.
O attya a. law, .-ma 515.516. 5 h coor.Parrouold-
; PnOXOGUAPnJEKS SUPPLIES.
~Q~z i "^£»i?^HTrTATi>isTuAl^
;<g>O. size 31/4x41/4. 124 Geary st. ■ ■
MSW__U _IAC__INE_.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGER
tented repaired; lowest rates. -05 FourtUBCSINESS CHANCES. .
1000 BARGAINTS fok sale.
£0 grocery stores. Prices from $100 to $1000
15 cortee-saloons Prices from .«200 to $1000
12 branch bakeries Prices from V5O to $500
Pcoal and wood Price* Irom 835 J to *800
15 saloons Prices fr m $350 to $"500
* drugstores Prices from $2000 to $-1000
; H5 cigar stores Prices from $200 to Sl'_>oo
X stationery stores Prices from $300 to $850
ii. C. DECKEk, IQ-JQ Market sl, opp. Fifth:
% 1 ") OHO FUR A "ALF INTEREST IN A
. hi. T°y\y Benera! merrhendlse business ; es-
is.nfl3i <V ) ,o yeara: aver monthly receipts
•4000; paid 23 per cent lasi year on the Invest-
ment; location most desirable: best of reasons for
Beliius: abundant references in San Francisco as
to mercantile standing; this offer worthy of rm-
meulate consideration by any reliable business
F la JV c . For furt her Particulars call or address W.
D. HENDRICKt-ON, room 40, Chronicle building.
CIA ()f\(\ WhOLKSALK AND RKTAIL
WiU.UUW. liquor-s.oie; oneof the best estab-
lished and fines', locations In city; long lease:
buyer can use same name; fine trade without
soliciting SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall aye. - -
Ql^n COALY ARD IN THE HEART OK
■**'"• the city: 2 horses, " wagons; more
■ than value for money. Apply KENNY, 917 Mar-
ket s;.
1 CHE. .-SHOP: ESTABLISH KD B C S I-
XJ ness: for sale cheap. Apply New Meciric
Market, 4066 T went. -fourth at.. near Castro.
Hi i BAKERY AND 3 FURNISHED
rooms: $150; must sell ibis week. 403 Sl.xth.
PARTNER FOR SALOON ANi> OTHER
X business bl^ money. 1 342 MarKet ex.
1J A KTN KR WANTED IN A CASH BUSINESS:
mus: be ab:e to give good ref. 33 Sixth, rm. 18.
AN HONES I 1 MAX ,\VI " 111 ii I SINESS AND
office wants a man with legitimate business to
nhare his office and let him attend ',0 his business
while tie travels or solicits: would take agency, or
»ny arrangement to make an honest living: would
(rive services free for some months for position and
interest, address O. 0., »-:-!, st. Ann's building.
■ TSoti NTBY BAKBEK-SHUP FOR SALE; THE
"-/ only one in town; population 120'J; average
receipts $100 per month: ch-ap rent; living room;
all fixtures co ; pr.ee $175. Address J. B. LAKKIN,
Mayfleld, Cal.
<Bt 1 l\i\l\ DUIVKR WANTED: ONE 15
O-L^"-''-'' quainted with city: to take half in-
terest in manufacturing business. Inquire of JAS.'
T. BLIVIN. 631 Howard st.
TKSTAUKANT 1241/»O'FAR-
rellst. will be sod for the best offer oefore 12
O'clock Monday: ihl-i is a grand chance to secure
a ?ood business, including a gas range, bee L. 11.
BURD, 211 Larkin st.
I )(){ j V DON'T BUY BAD WILL AND STALE
J\J\J\J. stock, but rent or lease fine new corner
krocery, bar, stable and living rooms; lar,e lot;
Ibsolutely no opposition; rent $20. DOLAN, 731
Harrison st.
E : -."k"Srkui:»>E wants ACTIVIi man
with $400 to manag • business on the coast;
legitimate, pleasant, very profitable. HEN ii\
Royal Hotel. Ellis si.
AST.fc.7iN HOUSE WANTS RESPONSIBLE
party with $300 10 $400 to control business on
this const; big opening Apply 10 MR. KNOWL-
TON, Royal house, 126 Ellis si.. 9 to Sr -
QQAA ~ci".'R SALOON* DOING good
OOUU. businesstor sale, because of other in-
terests. 219 Four.nst. ,
ANDY STORE AND FA* TORT; FrNE
place; on Market. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
BANNER CITY ROUTE OF THIS PAPER
for sa •'. Address 8., box 118. Call Office.
Al. GAIN— THAT G<>OJ>PAYING KJESTAU-
rant, 23 Third st., for sale; will stand investi-
gation : owner goins away. . i .
QjfMl CORNER SALOON ACROSS FROM
O"i Ul/. depot: will exchange for plumbing
shop. 212 Townsend.
AYI>GMEAT MARKhT, POSITIVELY AT
a bargain; trial given. Box 166, Call. -
II RAND CHANCE FOX RESTAURANT MAN
vJT to take management or buy half interest in
newly fitted up place. Call 124 V» O'Farrell s .
ALF-INTEKKS'I; Ni/J'HINU I.IKE IT;
something new. Address V., box 73. C<tll. •
INVI.NTOKS AS WELL AS INVESTORS
X will do well by calling at Hall of inventions,
215 Sansome St., room 12: fine business chances
offered, patents secured, models exhibited and
capital interested. • -----
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE.
\J Apply Call Office. ' •
•\TOUNG WID.W WITH MEANS DKSIKES
X a gentleman partner. Room '2, 223 Post st.
'/^ KNTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJT young lady of m-ani Room 3. 309 feutter su
I^OR SALE- FIR>T-CLASS SALOON; CHEAP.
325-3-7 Drumui st.
F YOU WANT TU feKLL YOUR SALOON OK
IF Y OU WANT TO i-KLL YOUR SALOON OK
grocery for spot cash address I., box 120, Call.
. yul'.\U HONE>T AND RELIABLE MAR-
x rica man, with bank reiprtnecs, desires to ex- '
change a bouse and lot across the bay for an inter-
' est and position In legitimate business; value
$3200. O. 0., care Pac. Cal. Co., 83. 6 Kddy st.
ft].;' PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS-
.« _ J — <J. sistant, $40 per month, room and
boar !;. .guaranteed full value. L, box 90. Call.
. "N hrt'.-i'AJ'tiii.olln i-N i.\'i*.KluK UtICK
— ' close to bail jt tttiiciacu. t'uc particulars ay^-7 ■'
li.is ollice. . .. •
\\ ANTED— i'AKI'AKK WITH 1f 40.000 iN A
*' grocery and liquor home established since
t 1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
3 "VTEW PATENT. BEST OF ITS KIND, fora
\i> moneyed man. 6*3 Golden Gate aye.
-. rnAII.<_«R->llOl': CHKAP. 914 KEARNY. ST..
i . . X near Montgomery aye.; retiring from business.
■JJOUTK fun SALK KIHi.I 'lid— JtSAX'. 1-V
. Xt Quire at Call Office. \
• IHEAPf>r AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
: United States or Canada one year for ¥1 50, post-
free. " ■ ■ ' -
' X-OUGINO-UOIISKS iOK SALK.
$20^^i7^?^2i66
*J\J 26-room house; fine corner 1500
30-room house, worth $600, only ............ 300
15 rooms, tine corner; payments bOO
18-rooir. house; rooms all rented bOJ
8 rooms; near City Hall; i<ew "250
22rooms, central, good furniture 25J
H. C. DECKEi:, 1020 Market su. opp. Fifth.
*,G FURNISHED HOOMS; CHEAP: ON AC-
-1 — O count of owner leaving city. 916 Howard st.
"1. EFORE BUYING OK SELLING HOUSES OR
, J businesses see A. M 1- LKIN9. 906 Market St.
IUi.MILKE WANTJKO.
\\r~A. NT K D ■^FUKXITUKE FOR 6 OR 7
, «' rooms: must be in very good condition. Ad-
dress M. L., 518 Stockton st.
ASH PAID FOX K.vTIRK HOUSES OK
- smaller lota of furniture, carpets, etc.- J.
. BOWCHER 222 Stockton: send postal.
. TJ IGHKR r/KIC.-. IIIAA ANYWHERE PAID
* Xibv Indian* Auction C 0.1057 opp.Jonei
lIKMXLKE Jfc'OlS SALE. '
, /^HAS.II. PLUM & (Q., UPHOLSTERY CO.
\J 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goon.
Al\(\ CAKPKTS: CHAMBER e-K IS. $14:
, ri\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets. 820: folding-beds,
10: bar outtita. T. D. MCCARTHY.' 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
is new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOX FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
6 ROOMS. NICELY FURMSHtD, FOR SALE
cheap. 917 Larkin su
TT ING FUKNITURECa.II27 -29-31 MARKET,
XV furnish 4 rooms, $'.8 to $50: best bargains.
U<"KIN<iHAM FURNITURE LOWEST
J > prices: f nrniture, carpets: all trrades. 868 MUs' n
CAItPIST CLKANING.
CITY STKAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. O. H. STEVENS,
Bier. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
< aKPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\^ like new. FERGUSON <t CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 3d. D. MACKINTOSH A Co.. successors.
HKN YOU BKCOMK DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to S AU LD ING'S Pioneer Car-
pft-beatipg Wcrks, 353-57 'Jehama St.; tel. So. 4'J.
K. MIICHKLL, CARPET-i I.KAM.M. CO..
. 240 14th bu : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
ARPKT-OLEANING. 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
samples free, tel. Jessie 944. Strauon, 198 th st.
O.NKLI.N'S CA RP - Si: ATI N O WORK*
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kast I*6.
Vjc A V Al'.D AT GREAT WESTERN CARPET-
«J cleaning Works, 11 Eighth SU
I KOPOSALS.
ip roposals^forTth e^klbection of A
X brick schoolhouse. Office Board of Education,
San Francisco. December 12, 1896. to accordance
with a reso.utioa adopted by the Board of Educa-
tion of the City and County of San Francisco,
Sealed Proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools, In open session of
the Boar I of Education, ou Monday, December
28, 1b96, at b:3O o'clock p. m., for the. erection
ar-d completion of a brick school building on a lo:
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets, in said City and County, i.i accordance
with plans and specifications, which may be seen .
at the office of Charles J. Havens, architect of said
board, room 55, Flood building, southwest corner
Fourth and Market streets. Separate bids will be
received for rl) the -building, exclusive of the
work for which sperial bids are | required: ' for (2)
beating a.-ic ventilating, and fir (3) plumbing and
gasrlUlnK. Each bid most be accompanied by a
certified check as required by the specifications.
The party or parties to whom contracts may be
awarded will be 1 quired prior to or at time of the
execution of the contracts to cay their proportion
of the cost of advertising this notice In three dally
newspapers Biank: proposals furnished by the
secretary. The board reserves the right to reject
any or all bids, or any portion of any bid as the
public good may reouire.
■ QEOP.QK BICANSTON. Secretary.
KTOKAGK.
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FlRE-
proof . building: advances made. 211 Larkin."
iIUKNITUP.K. PIANOS, TRUNKS;— , AD-
-1 vimces, tipping, CHa4 - ZA,VUM.2QieQtI. '
.-. .. . HOUSES TO LET.
©7 HOUSE 4 ROOMS, 2 PRKCITA AYE.
<$) I . off Mi sion St., bet. 2.7 th and 28th.
QI'NSY HOUSE; 6 ROOMS AND B-TH; $18.
O 2830 Pine st. _______
ffljin -7. ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
tJpxO. pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Mason st.
top. Paying rent; will build to
0 suit: small payments; 5 to 10 room houses;
near Clinton station, Oakland. . Inquire at 215
Sansome St.. room 12. • . -.- '  >.
ffii).) HOCSK OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH
<$_.O. Apply 121 Page st.
A ROOMS AND BaTH, CHEAP. 429 THlR-
*j teeuth St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero. ..
OUSbS IO 11J--.M' >'UK VJvKV LITTLK
money at BALDWIN it HAiIJUONU'S, lj
>jrintromerr st-
. COTTAGER TO LET.
«Pq TcTSs^SJCK. OLSAM 4 AND 6 ROOM
3rO flats, cottages at a. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market .. .
COZY COTTAGE FURNISHED COMPLETE
. for housekeeping. 1433&t31ner 31.
T?TNE COTTAOB OF 5 ROOMS; BASEMENT
J and yard. 737 Treat aye.
SROOiIS. BATH, BASEMENT AND STABLE;
<J rent reasonable. ,120 Fiiimore st. ■.
rUKNISHEI> HOUSES..
TO RENT— WELL-FURNISH KD HOUSE OF
12 rooms: basement and billifcrd-rjom, with
large yard; re.it $100; only responsible parties
need apply. 801 Scott st., corner of Fulton.
I'URNISIIEJD FLATS.
i' TAYLOR— NEWLY^URNISHeId FLAT
«Jv/_< of 5 rooms- . .. , :
iLATs IU LET.'
11 Q i HOWARD - NX BA Y- WISJDOW,
I.LO'i sunny flat; 6 large rooms: bath; modern.
-BOOM SUNN V FLAT. THE MAY BELL, 202
Grove St., cor. Van Ness aye. - , -
. Q«1 ._> LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
i!P-LG. rooms, bath, gas. mirror-top mantels;
cars pass the door. 151- 1. astro, nr. Twenty-fifth.
"VICE SONNY FLAT; FILLMOKE ST., NEAR
XI Pine; rent reasonable. Apply to BOVEE,
TOY & BONNTAG, 30 Monttomery st.
*1 < LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 , ROOMS,
OH. bath and gas. 391:8 Nineteenth st., bet.
Noeand Sanchez. ...
1 k> FULTON UPPERFLAT:
Hi. 7 rooms: bath: $35.
M. SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST.,
. have 40 new cottages and :.chean rent.
TO LET- 4 Kt>. .MS; 811. 812 JEKSIK «T.,
near Ninth. Key at grocery. ,
»>•) PRObPKR ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
— iO block from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 5-room flat; rent $15; water free.
/ HEAP MODKRN FLATS, 6 AND 6
V rooms, $8 to $16; see them.' 523 a Seventh st.
T^LAls TO XX.NT FOR VERY LITTLK
X money at BALDWIN & HA-MAIONU :> 10
jnontßomerr st. -'*'-".'
"I f\')\ HAIOHT, NR. BAKEK-MCE 6-ROOiT
i V— l flat: best block on Haight ;; fine view. '
Q>\ - ) FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS ND
«Jp J-— '• basement. 706 Birch «ye.. nr. Buchanan.
Jk±oiJajfc;ii.EEriN<jr KOoais.
Kills Street.
099 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
0— — housekeeping rooms: also sutes and single.
Geary Street.
no: GEARY — HOUSEKREPIXG ROOMS
— — ') for dressmaker; also large sunny roam.
. toward atree.. .- '
709. HOWARD — NICE HOUSEKEEPING
1 O—.' room with sink: rent $8. ■ " .;
1 1 9QI HOWARD— FINE FRONT ' SUITE,
XX_iOg furnished for lionsekeeping; bath; $12.
10/\(.l HOWARD — NIC-LY KUn.>ISHKD
-t_.U«Jg bay-window suite; newfla.; bath; $15.
, v ".-. Minna Street.
Z.AG MINNA — FURNiSHED ROOMS FOR
UttU housekeeping;. large yard.
Oak Street. - r '
9Q OAK. NR. MARKET— I 2 ROOMS; RENT
C <X) reduced: 3 floors separate for housekeeping;
newly papered ai.d painted; sanitary plumbing;
line location for renting rooms: see them. ■ '.
, . luliU >t 1 «d..
IJO THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
XnO rooms; complete; first floor; front; bath;
gas. ... ... - • ..
: .p. r v; • . Valencia Street.
HfTl VALENCIA —TWO LARGE SUNNY
J"i 12 front suites, neat furnished for house-
keeping, with baths: also single rooms. ' '
'-. ~. ;- ■■ JUUc«!lanequt.'. . , '-■■>v":
ELEGANT HOUSKKK »• PING ROOMS CHKAP
ili at S. F. Renting <-«.. 53 Chronicle building. ,
", BOOMS TO Lti. . .
i-aUy Street. - '
O EDDY. COR. MARKET— SUNNY FRONT
i) rooms $2 up. light housekeeping.
Eighth Street. ■ ■<-\-.
SHEBMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
O St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Eddy Street.'
r*l A EDDY— SUNNY FRONT BASEMENT
UK room; new furniture; gas; bath; closets;
quiet. -
~~ Ellis Street.
rnQ ELLIS— LARG-E NICELY FURNISHED
000 sunny front room: gas, bath; private fam-
i!y- '- ■■•'-■•.■-■■■■• .
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDES-
cent lights in every room: reading-room, con-
taining daily papers: "smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all nlzlit; rooms per night. 35c to
$1 60: week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to 830; fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready :hot and cold water In each room: baths.
r rHJ ' RASJON.V 130 KLLIS*. MR*. KATF, i
1 MART, mena—r— A quiet home: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: not & cold wa:er.
. , . ' oltom Street.
1 f\R~l FOLROM — NEATLY FURNISHED
_Lv/D-L room: rent reasonable. ■
' Oearv Street. *
007 GEARY — ELEGANTLY furnished
_ ._ i rooms, en suite or single; first-class dining-
room In connection. -
Q. TO GEARY. NEAR POWELL — SUNNY
O— .O furnished rooms; terms reasonable.
097 GEAK Y. COR. MASON— NEWLY FUR-
■OO • nisbed sunny rooms; terms reasonable. -'
,1/ir. BEAKY (THKNAVARKK)-FUKNISH-
'WjO ed rooms! board optional; folding-bed.
rin GEARY — KLEGANT "SUNNY BACK
OXQ parlor: suites or single: Ugh-, housekeeping.
r-t)i GKARY— HAND6OMELY FURNISH JkD
. i _.l room with grate; terns reasonable. "
ARTINETTI, 1101 GEARY, SW. COR. VAN
Ness— Suites and singles; newly famished.
U«lden (iate A»eiiu«.
Ol Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
_ \LU sunny front room: grate; also single: »sup.
Hayes street. . . t
9(\nt HAVES— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
OUOa terms reasonable. - - ■ -
Jones Street. •
On 7 JONES-THK VAN WINKLE: NEW
—V I management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc.: $10 to s3o.
Kearny Street.
: A KUKGTOS . HOUSE, . 127 KEARWY —
■ ■t\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and .single: first
' ps» in every respect: term* rpasonaclf. . v
V>.W AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
Xi corner Jackson— single rooms 15,20,25.60
cents per night: special rales per week or mouth.
Market Street. . ..,■■
OCA MARKET, COR. STOCKTON -2 OR 4
OO\J sunny bay-window connecting rooms suit-
abie for doctor or dentist or other purpose*.
V'OIjKJIIT", ilOUfif,, 1O4.» MAKKM- I'fcl*
I night. M6c to $1 : week. SI M) to (5: Himlllf*.
Mason Street:.
A] O MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
*±XO rooms; also light housekeeping; cheap.
' Minna Street.
nan MINNA. COR. eighth— newly fur-
OU I nished bay-window room, $1 a week.'
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
XX family rooming-house: , $1 60 to $6 per week.
Fine Street.
ncy\ PINE-ROOMS 85 UP; SUNNY; RUN-'
U_ JX ning water: quiet: crate; gentlemen. ~ l
. Post Street.
"T> ANDOLPH." 601 POST BT., COR. MASON—
XV 60 bay-window .parlors: smaller rooms; run-
ning water: gas; $1 to 84 per week. -
rnn POST AND 513 JONES— NICK ROOMS;
lUa $6 to Sl5. Apply A. ELKINS, 90S
Market st.: '■- *■ ->^ ■-■ • '■•-. ' '-■ --' ■> ■"■*.-■*'■■
1 oweil Street.
nnn A .pOWEIiLC— FINE SUNNY FRONT
_jt/O suite; also double rooms. «L. STOKES.
, Sixth.: Street. •":,.-..,.
QQ SIXTH — QUIET -.-- SUNNY ELEGANT
DO KGinßi «U coßv_Ji'aces; fireproof building.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1896.
KOOiUS TO LET— Continued,
-■. Stockton ■>u > e«i. <
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
-1 nished rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
in every room: baths: elevator; transient sollcitei.
<-}()l\ STOCK 1 OS, .\ K. COX. GEARY— SU -N NY
£.\)\J downtown , rooms; $7; gentlemen; refer-
ences. :. v ': . "■ : ■ • ■ . ■. . ■ ' .
t 1.. 1 t-r >treo:. . ' •
nil BHTTE R— NICELY FURNISHED
■11 rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
"1 I_S STTTER — NICELY ■ FURNISHED
XXtrO sunny single rooms and office*: : ss up. ;
- Turk Street - .
C A O TURK— SINGLK FRONT ROOM; GAS
«Jl«> and bath; *6: private, : : - --
"/' Xwelftji Street.
91 9 TWELFTH— UPPKR FLAT; 5 ROOMS
•"XZi and bath: all conveniences. . Apply in rear.
BOARDING) ANI> KOOMS. '(-i'l ■■■
TTiLEGANT FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OK
J-J without board; all modern conveniences; lo-
cation finest In city. SE. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-
first sts. ■■ ■ , * ■ '
n(\t- VAN NE>S-KLEGANTLY FURNISH-
-1 \)\J ed room* with- board ; a perfect home;
prices very low. .-•-. •
Oqu HYDE— LAKGK SUNiSY ROOM; GOOD
~iOO tabl6: large grounds.
7] 9 POST— NICT.'.LY FURNISHED ROOMS.
• 1 — with board; suitable for 2; $20 each; use
of parlor.
'l\ 1 GKAKY— KL MONTE, COrI TAYLOR
uUI st.: sunny rooms with free use of bath;
references: terms reasonable.
O'iJ'.LBKKTLLNU, 714 BUSH—A FAMILY
hotel; references; ail modern conveniences.
C(]vj VAN ness— newly furnishehsun.
C"O ny rooms: good board: reasonable. -. - :
STOKES; 'JO -LKT. ■ - •
9 NICE LIGHT STORES ON FILLMORE,
*J near Pine— Rent reasonable.'' Apply BOVEE,
TOY A SONNY AO, SO Motitß -raery st. - ■ - -
<3i Iti p:/i STORE AND LIVING ROOMS;
Vfi 1 \J.O\J. 10U7i/<j Lar^in; new. Ap. 102 Kddy.
STORE. 1524 HOWARD, COR.' LAFAYETTE^
wHh fixtures: cheap rent. . •■ t.'- ;
JOA FOURTH — SMALL STOKE WITH
"— " rooms In rear; low rent. Apply to G. H.
PMBSKN <6 CO, 14 Montgomery st.
'J LOW RKNT— PAR I' Oi.-' STOKE AND
ba>em»nt. 324 Post St. ! • .
OFFICES TO • i,ET. . •
K^K^lToljirTtrL^TT^niKTp^irK^T?^o9
Kearny st , room 8. .... - •
It US AX IKSTKUaiENTS.
JTe YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con aln
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, lusta lments or rent
contract plan ; we are selling some piano.} for *3,
$4 anJ $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $3, $9 and $*0 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than tbe above amounts: all
purchasers of v) right pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for Stelnway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, (LAV «fc CO., repre-
sentatives of. Steinway «fc Son's pianos, cor.'Kearny
and Muter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or. Seattle. v> ash.
N OPPORTUNITY SELDOM . OFFERED;
unexpected conditions arising we are author-
ized by the owner to sell at once a very choice
Hard man upright for what it will bring; an ex-
quisite piano; other bargains. THE J. DEWING
CO., sole ; gents: plar.o waierooms, second floor
Flood Building. Fourth and Market st -
JHfOLUTELY THE OLDKST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago Is KOHLEP. A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farreti st. : pianos, or-
gans and all ether musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms easy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to please und satisfy the
i-nstomer. -
A CI'UaLLY TH BKHT BARGAINS IN Pt-
■4V anos; see our list lor this week; piano; on $3,
$4, 55, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10. $15. $--'0 monthly pay.
ments; line stool and cover with each; delivered,
free anywhere in Ui« city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPEJSUEit COt,
salesrooms 93S Market su, opp. Mason. '. ■:■ .•
AINKS. BUSH & OERTS AND X N ABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St.
IMNE STEINWAY UPRIGHT. JIN PERFECT
X 1 order, great bargain: French upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap: call and see fine stock. THE
ZENO MAUVALS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
PIANOS SuLD, RENTKD, TUNKD, RE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in the cl:y. J. HAKKY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes st. .-■■■•
A DMINISTRATOK'S SALE — Jll'sT SKLL,
Jl\. pianos at immense reduction for cash, or on
ins ailments. EaTON ESTATE, 735 Market. .
A SHAW. STEIN WAY $260, CHICKERINQ
-lV $185,- and • creat ' bargains; . $i.- ' a' month.
HeIIXE, 136 KIMs St.; -.-'-.-. ' ;4' ;..■■-
C«r^n KMKRSOX R' SEWOOU PIANO FOR
i$!U\J. sHleon 95 installments. 2^l L>-aven worth.
QPLENDID MUSIC-BOX; PLAYS 12 TUNES:
O new: cost *30; only $15. 415 . Sacramento xt,
AGNIFiCKNT NEW CPKIGHT PIANO;
best make; at half cost. 1921 sa cram c 1 tost.
VINK I PKIGHT PIANO AND AHRADHARP
-T cheap. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
dT» 1 Z.(\ Di-.CKKR BROS.': IN GOOD ORDER.
fID LOU. EN N'S piano house, 228 Post.
LINE UPRIGHT FOR SALE; CHEAP. 833
£ Castro st. >■
TJEAUTIFUL BECHSTEIN: IN USE ONLY 4
X> months: sacrifice. E. W. i.1CK,!16 McAllister.
Vf AG NI FICENT STKI N W AY UPRIGHT AND
ill bebubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019VanNess
\y G. BADGER. SOLE A'ENT FORHALLET
»» .ct Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacto.
YRON MALZY, 308 PuST ST.-hOHMKK,
Newby & Evans, Brlggs and other pianos. "J.
. UPKKIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHKK9, OLD* NEW
. O H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 'J Latham place.
DOLLAR A WKKK ON KENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. . 136 Ellis st.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
CT. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
UOKSKs.
A A HORSES FOR SALK; ALSO WAOOXi
'I" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Uoria
Market, 327 Blxlh St. ; aoction sales every WeUuot-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLK, Auctioneers.
(lihK EMPORIUM SALKS V AKDS, 220 VA.
X lencla at., is the place to go It you want to bay.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
/w 1 SET NEW AND SEC'UN D-HA HAK-
O\J\J ness: ail kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey j
ftrockawar; 40 cheap horses. IStb and Valencia.'
C/» HKAU DRIVING AiMi WORK HORSiia;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
*Oli bALE— 3USCELLANEOCS.
(»1A MSW FAMILY SINGER MACHINE,
'?!". with all attaenments. . 2437 Mission st.,
near Twenty-first. •
ICTUKK-FRAMING WITH GLASa 7x9 IX.,
X 10c; Bxlo and 10x18. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c; lbx2o, 30c; 18x22, Ssc: 20x24,
45c: 22x28 In.. 60c. JONKS, 547 Mission st.
TRICTLY HIGH-GRADE WHEELS: "96
model; new and a few (lightly used; at a
special bargain to close out before January L
Call at 400 Battery st. -
AT FACTORY WHOLESALE PRICES— RAT-
xV tan chairs, rockers, stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. Save you half by call-
ing at once at California Rattan Company, 61
First st-, near Mission.
BARS, SCALES, MIRROR*. FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. MkEK, 1118 Mission."
ECON D-H AN D SA FE; KKP JtOOF; Vis.RY
cheap. D. N. HAWLKY, 318 Market st.
■PRINTING PRESS. TYPE. ETC.; FINK
X Christmas present. HILL, 22Va Geary, r. 39.
TVJATIONAL CASH KE(>I Vi'ER, GOOD OR-
Xi df r; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission St.
COFFEE MILL. SCALKS, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desK. money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
ON ARCH BLUE FLAMK HEATKRS ARK
the beau W. a RAY MFG. CO., 12 California
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
1' ing, etc., (ought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7lh.
OILERs,ENGI.NES,JD-HANuMACHINKRY
X) water-pipes. Mclntoshit Wo! pman. 137 Beale.
NX SMALL MKUIUM AND LAUUK-SIZiS
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
LOST.
m- - • - " ■
TVJOTICK IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT ON OR
1> about December 23, 896, the undersigned
lost certificate No. 1863. Issued to him for deposit
of gold made at the United State* Mint The
finder thereof ■■. Trill please re urn the : same *to
JOHN MAUs:>N, at the office of the Superin-
tendent of the U. S. Mint. San Francisco. 1 al.
O=>T— CHRISTMAS AFIERNOON, ON PA-
c-itic aye., near Buchanan, black and tan dacb-
bund dog; cur.cd tall; tug aud address, W. S.
Martin, cor. Bryant and Second, on collar; $5 re-
ward If returned. 2i12 Pacific st.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
Savings and Loan Society of ban Francisco, in
the name of THOMAS HOLLAND. No. 2021571.
The finder will please return to bank. - -y -.-..t.T z
D' EC. 18, Rt-D POCKE I'- BOOK CONTAINING
bank certificate and papers . belonging to An-
drew E. Miller; reward $6. ? 821 Jones st. ■-..-■-<■■■.-.. -
1 OST— A PASSBOOK, WITH THE HIBKR-
XJ nla Savings and Loan . Society of San Fran-
cisco, in the name of LEONARD JOHN casski 
No. 209 1489. The finder will please leturn to
bank. -■-"•-■ -'■': ' : ■'.'' -•■:■ "- . : -■ '.. '- ''■ ■■' ~" "--■ ■ '•■' , : -'■-•-
:' ' -■ : UICYCLKS. : . l O: : : :--X'
7/^R^GTL^^HIIEX^^^V^TGirGTIA^E
X I bicycles. $3) ' each. Apply at- Palace Baths,
716 Filbert St., between 11 and 1. - - ..^ '.•-''■*
PECIAL BARGAIN: NEW AND SECOND-
hana; highest grades; 1 lowest prices. DAVIS
BROTHERS, Cycle DepW 2s Geary st. 'r ■
:V. . -..— ..,™ rFUKOXAL". ■;■■---:■ -.-■...; ..^-. -
PLAYING CARDS TRIMMED FOR CLUBS;
JL secoud-band cards bought and sold. 303 Jessie.
A MEXICAN v BACHELOR" OF MEANS,
A Catholic, age 45, seeks acquaintance of lady
of suitable age. or widow witbout children : object
matrimony; reference given ana required. Ad-
dress G. W. , box 33, Call. • . .■ r ■'• :'.•.:
DR. SMITH'S " ''■■
ELECTRO-MEDICATED BATHS .
For rheumatism and neuralgia; the only remedy
never-known. to fail. If you are suffering. with
either,-, one bath : will help you \vonUerfi.lly; a
course of baths will cure you. Have you '■■■-.■
CATARRH OK ULCERATED sORK THROAT?
If so, use Dr. Smith's Catarrh Inhalent— sure
cure; 6()u per bottle. Call or write ; ' x • . ."• '.
■ SANITOKIUM, 1633 Buchanan St.. S. F.
UINONIA II AIK TONIC . STRENGTHENS
and invigorates the hair: at 35c a bottle I sell
it, I dress hair, any style, for 25c; shampoo and
plain hainlroshinp, 60c: switches, $1; by means of
a perfectly harmless -preparation I can restore
gray or b. cached hair- to its natural- color. " G.
LKDEREK, 111 Stockton St., near Geary. :, ■
VKKLASTING SIGN— SAVE ONE-HALF
lit by going direct to factory; only enamel. works
on tbe consul 409 Sanchez st.; -"•'-■■
T EFT— BLACK- SACK COAT IN RESTAU-
XJ rant Chris. mas morning; forgot place. Finder
address 819 Third St. „ ...!■.. . .
GET A COPY OF THE FALLIBLE SYS-
tem": the only copyrjlghted, successful meth-
od of play in* the races: $1 a copy. 2f. .Y. Turf
Exchange, 12 Montgomery st. ■ -
Ii>REE FXHIBITION : TO-DAY — REST AU-
■T rant, hotel j men and private families cordially
invite.l to ruU'ui-.d inspect: Prengel's" new broiling
system; meat broiled by this process remains
tender and - retains nil juice. Ladies, no ' black
fingers or soot: "restaurant parlors <onneoted with
exhibition: meals/American' or European styie;
highest gold medals.; 124 O'Furrell at. ;. ■
DVICE FKEE; .DIVORCE LAWS A SPK-
cialty; private; no. charge unless successful:
nil lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W..HOWK. atty-at-law, 850 Market
AN 1 ED— PUPILS; bPKCIALRATKS; DAY
or evening classes; hairdressing'J&c; up to
dale. Parlors 1026 Market st.. over the Wonder.
ARTINi. TON'S s' SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and ..Newspaper 1 I lustration— The Christmas
vacation extends from December 18 to January 4,
3 897. Particulars at 424 Pine st. . v ■•
1 'lUt: PiiOPLK 1 .-* U.Mi DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases trea'.ed and I medicines fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029 Vis Marital •<-,
bet. Kl.\tii and Seventh,' San Francisco, CaL i : ..-;
IJUKNEi'T'S CORN CUKE— SURE CUMK FOtt
JJ corns, bunions, warts: 26c. ,Ji'27 Montgomery.
0 CLKANJ-.U. r-RhsSJilJ, $1: KEI'AIKI
dyeing done. 131Montcomery.r. .6 tf I. red i! 374.
W ALL PAPER, 4C A Kt'LL: . PAPER HANG-
*• Ing, jialntiiiK etc., by contract or day's work, at
yonrowa price. N.E. MEKIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
SUITABLE CHRISTM A.S I'IIKSKNT-FINE
watches, diamonds, Jewelry In great variety at
factory prices. A. A. KI TTEK, 138 Montgomery.
flij I A DOZEN— FINE CABIN Ai' WlL-
tjpl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
HIGHKftXj PRICE PAID F'JK 2D-H * La-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. HAIIK 31633.'
1G UUTDOOK STKKtOPTII ON .-HOW EVE-
J> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements *In living light; promoters of busi-
ness.. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
E Li- CTRIC LIGHTS" IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., nr. Market;
200 rooms, -5c to $1 60 ler night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows rilled. McCaBK'S, 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
IVOKCK AND ANNULHKNIV OF MAR.
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 906 Market St., S. F.
E~»IAKK THE BEST $12 SUIT TO ORDER
In the V. S. NE WHAUs & CO., 115 Kearny.
IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
* elry, etc.; lowest rales. 948 Marketst.
AGNISCOPE — N£W PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses theKluetoscopenims; price $250.
BACIOALUPI. 946 Market st. .
1 l}(\fl CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARDS, KTC. .
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary st.
pAZ»R ; KXCHANOE, «30 MARKET— iJASK-
XX jnent: tine edge 'put on razor for 25 cent*.
ATCHfcti, DIAMOND.-*, JKWKLKY Ok ALii
kinds at, reduced prices: mus; uiovu; building
to be torn down. 6 and 7 Third st. . .
UPTUKE AND PILK.S CURED; NO PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MAS*
FIELD & POKTKRFIELD. 838 Market St.
LOAKs, FUKS AM) SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices." • Factory. 20 Sansome st. ■-'■■'
?JOKESBaiAJtEKS.i
SUITS JIAI)K-FKOa 83 UP: SKIRTS. 75c;
capes, $1: Q guaranteed. 559i^ Stevenson st.
- ■ CLAIKYOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her If you are Interested in the aiTitlr.s of life;
if n,arriag<", sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, -business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property! lost or absent' friends, Interest you: If
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever b»fore.
Hours 9 a. 11. to 8 p. it., strict. J N. R— SSi.lsfactlon
guaranteed .by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS- DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket St.. oarlors 25 and 26. Take evator. '
ME. DR -THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
-IVL er by eggs' and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, future: consultations on ail affairs: noth-
ing:excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by svmpatnv; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larkln.
ME. bCHSHDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
past, present: and future; success to all; for-.
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st. . , ■■'.
VI ISSMELVINA. CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
l'l future husband or wife, 60c. 766Va Howard.
ME. HA.NSEN, PALMIST.CARD-READER:
past, preseut and future; 26c. 148 Sixth, r. 6.
G~ YPSY LIKE -READER RKMOVED TO 3
Seventh st., nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
VIJIK. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
i\J business advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
ME. MORKAU, • BKST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; fee 25c up. 764 Hward st»
ME. MA BE l 7 WOODS, MAGNKTIC HEAL-
er a.nd clairvoyant. ' Room 8, 207 Post st.™'.'
ME. DE YOUNG, MAGNETIC HEALING;
card rea ling; charms. Room B,' 309 Miti.-r.
Alt.. »YKIL'LU: TKLL* FKO.M CKaDL*. TO
grave: pictures given: ladles 25c: 814 o'Farr»4i.
MX. LKOKTTK — CLAIRVOYANT <fe BIS.
advice; 26c: one price.". 311 Tehama, nr. lth.
ME. NELSON, FROM NEW YORK, CARD
reader. IZOa Eddy St.", room 1. :,".
\f MX. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA-
i>X di»s, 256; gents, 60c. ' 961 Mission, nr. 6th. ;
FORTUNES TOLD BY BOTH MOTHER AND
X daughter: truths. 1635 Hyde st. ; :,.«...
X.>. B. UMANN, UKBT-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyaut In the city. Residence 132 Turk st.
ME. KITH HARRISON OP NEW YORK,
magnetic healer; card reader. 109 a Powell
St., room 17. -. \ •--"'-..
.'..',' &xllil'l'tlALlSJi.
MME.-OSMAN, TRANCE MEDIUM, INDE-
! pendent card -reader, life read ings, love affairs,'
business, mining speculations. 83f Mission st. .
-J^iU MCALLISTER— MRS. C.J. MEYER;
O^O test meetings every night. 10c- Tne., Wed.&
Fri., 2 p.m. ; trance cir., Sat. eve i'sc; butt, sittings $1
itS -, ; J. ,-' J. ■: WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT. ;
trance lest medium and life reader. 218
Stockton st. ' ' : : ; y ; / ' '
* KKIVED.-MR.S. BAXTER .REYNOLDS,
A. test medium. • 8 Mason St., room 8. .-, , ' .
US. H-LLIS. MEDIUM; Sll'TlNOS.l) TO B, $1;
circles Toes., Frl.. 2P. M., 26a 23» Valencia.
AM. » FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT. SLaTE
'.writer. 138 Hatch: st.;, hours 9 until 6 w m.
. ..-.HYPNOTISM. ,'.'
HYPNOTISM SCtKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
.I 1 success grtd.HvpnottcMesmerlclns.6 O*Farre;l'
X , ....
DR. L. T. CRANZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS;
crown work, ■ bridge wor'iC < and teeth - without
plates a specialty. -■• 336 Sutler, NX. cor. Stockton.
<J>r7 FULL SiuT OF lhb'l'll \ WORTH $15;
(5) I , warranted 5 years: extraction free: fillings
600. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; ' ...
■pOSITIVKI.Y". PA KM EXTRACTION,
X DR. HARDING,' 600 Sutler: te). main 5375. . -
R. JES.--UF, DENTIST, FORMERLY SUT-
ler tnd Montc'y, can be found 318 Kearny st. £jj
nHALfAKT &,CHA J.KANT, MOVKD FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldeework aspeclalty.
L % ULL SKI' uF IKKTt-i, «/. WAKKANTED:
Jj filling 60c. crowns $3. W DR. BROWN, 21 3d.
ULIO.N Dii^'l'AL -ASSOCIA i IO.N, 806 _AX-
J ketst. : DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. -..■
I Can- A ttKTiiOiik'i WA -.KA^TJiD Ad
ts) I good as can be made; rilling $1 - DR. sDllui
dentist, 930 Market si., next Baldwin Theater. :
PAINLESS : f.XTKAC I luN, 60c: L'IWWS
X bridge work a special tys< plates $5 up: 13yean'
experience. 1 . R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary. ;
R.-LUDLUAI HILL, 1443 MARKET Nit.
■ Eleventh ;• no s charge ' for extracting • when
plates are made; I old plates made over, like new; ,
teeth from 8 per set; extracting 6(Jc; gas given.' v:
■LjKT or* 'IJUKIH WlTilullT A fIjA.HL. lI K.
; OH. G. Yoong, 1841 Polk st. ' - ■-:'
1 K. J. J.LKKA, ll:U6 AtARKKT. CO it. GOLDEN
Gate ave.ropen t-venln^-i:. Sundays i till noon.
KOOAIK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 7&9 MAR-
* ket, bet. '3d and 4th; . gas - specialists; pa Inless
extracting, with cas, $1;' plates. $6 up: nil. SI up.
DR.- (ifcOSUIS ' W. «» LEEk,^'lriK -< GKN UINK
Leek dentist; discoverer of painless extraction :
' end patentee of ■' improved > bridge . work: or > teeth •
/without any plate, 'moved. from to 20 o'FarrelUs.
LL -.-: WORK - 1 ASON ABLK ', AND v WAit-
rantecu DB, J W, KEY, 1122 .Market . : .
,;..:,.-; CITY RE Ali^- ESTATE, -;
©nnn/y THE finest building lot in
tIP — "V". the Mission: west line of Dolores, nr.
Twenty- first; 26x126. Apply to J. A. SAUER,
27 and 29 Butter st. .. : •
mij-/\,v : 4 LOTS WITH IMPROVEMENTS
tjpOUUl/. that cost $3700, or will take unim-
proved San Francisco jrroperty as part pay; must
be clear. SCKIBXKK & CO.. 7 City Hall aye. --■
■fflj^innn' FOX >ALK OK EXCHANGE..
tsp~±\J\J\J . New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bain-, high basement; br.ck
foundation; bay windows; lot 52x160.
G. H. UMBSEN <fc CO..
■ ■ 14 Montgomery st.
Q(^n/l GIVEN A WAY: LOT :. 160x114
tipUUv/. front; choicest part of south San lran-
cisco; Al chance for builder. PATTiiKSON &
CO., 2 Valencia st. . : ■ ■■■,'■'• ■:
EE HEW 7-Is. HOUSE 35 JOOST AYE., SUN-
nyslde 'i ract; rlose to electric cars: easy terms.
TH X MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st. . ■ ■
CODXTKY ,KEAt ESTATE.
■ffl»jc A CHICKEN OUTFIT; 250 LAYING
«JpT:«JI/. bens; horse, wagon, : harness, cow, in-
cubator-brooder, farming and -i small tools; place
to let, $100 ./er year; 14 acres: sandy soil; all
nicely Improved; 2 miles from here. GEO. C,
YOUNQ.-Petalnma. • ■ ■ ■ ■
KA.NGK, LEMON AND *KUIT LAND IN
beautiful Southern California: easy terms.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market St.,
tan' Francisco. ■■ , ■ ■ . .
M AKIN CO.; 3000 acres: 28 miles Jroni city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit: $40 to $75 per acre: > ■ emu to
suit- SYNDICATE IN V'T CO , 65 Chronicle bldg.
END FOR ILLUSTJ'.ATKD PAMPHLET OK
California lands tor sale by H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, San Francisco, Cal.
* LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
2*. the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda county In small tracts; 1
mile irom Pleasanton, IV2 hours from San Fran-,
clsco; . price S-0 to $40 per acre: half cash: owner,
must sell; title ; perfect; , investlKate. •., 67, (Juroui-
buildlns. / ; ■ : ■; "■'-■'• '■■'? :-,-'.
UY THAT FINE DIA. STUD: PRICE «56;
worth $100. . Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye. •
1 11TJ.K . homes, clo.sk to TOWN; liT
1j proved: easy terms: ' also 410 12 acre nieces
en 8 and 10 venrs' credit.- D. H. TWING, Sonom*
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
CiIF.APEST A>:D BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAt, ESTATE.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND.
828 Madison st., 9 r00m5....... $28
— — Webster st., lovely 6 rooms. 20
1360 Webster St., 8 r00m5....: .' 2«
616 Twentieth st., 5 room-, bath... -. 15
4tij Twenty-Hrst St., 5 rooms, m0dern.......... Id
Team and man to show property.
WM. M. DE WOLF, Kent Collector, 1050 Broad-
way, Oakland. • , ;.-• .-.■'.■.■ ■
A HO A INS— PER LOT; 3 LOIS, 25x120
each; situated on Sixteenth st., near Mixtsetith-
st. depot and opp. s.te of proposed park: street
work all done. WM. J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth st.
Oakland. : . :
dj;7^TO $150 FOR CHOICE . BUILDING
O • O lots in the town of Fltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Lean Jro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; • electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLE, owner, 916y 3 Washington su,
Oakland. Cal. , ,
•ft 1 r/^ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN :
1$) i-O\J. Frultvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week ; selling fast: good improvements.
B. B. PINNEY. owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND XTUKE FOR SALE.
lA/KAB DIAMONDS ±>\ PA i liuMZi.Mi ll
" SCHELLHAAS. furniture-dealer, llth.OaKld
i'iiOi'EKTlt IO * EXCHANGE.'
830,000: 200
'IO ranches all sizes and locations, $200, $25.-
C 00: 75 business places from $25 to SMO 000; to
buy, sell or exchange any klnd;of property see H.
C. DECK 1020 Market street, opposite Fifth
ILL TRADK: 1 OR 2 LjTS, ONE BLOCK
from depot, Santa Clara.. Cal. : for '• grocery
and bar, or branch bakery; mint be doing good
business, S. C, box 77, Call Office.
END FOX UL'K LIST OF ORCHARD HOMK.S
O for sale. WOOSTKK & WHITTON, San Jose.
miMBKR— I2BO ACKKS; KERN CO.: PLENTY
A water: excellent stock ranch. N.. box 16. Cull. |
MOSEVIO LOAN.
(moAA f\(\(\ AT ei-i per cent on CITY
iJpOul'.wUU real estate: also Oakland, at bank
rates; estates in probate; any sum. AIN WaLD,
iiUCKBEE & CO., 218 and '-'20 Montgomery st.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
A jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELK*
STOKE, 048 Market st. : open evenings. - i
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OK 3D GAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; -furniture and -pianos .without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24. Montgomery St.. room 3. • .".
WISE AND SAVE INTEREST - MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap. (
DIRECT ON YOLK FURNITURE OK PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bid*. 1170 Market si.
QJ O')ri / lfJ/\ AT iJANK KATES; IST AND
<jj)OZiU. UUU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market su
fljj n TO $50,000; LOWEST RATE: IST &2U
(3) OVJ mortgage: flat orlnstlmnt. Dnrden, 635 CaL
ON FURNITURE AND PIaNOS: WARRANTS
cashed. SCRIBNER & CO. , 7 City Hall aye.
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW ELRY.F.TC
J\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
"PRIVATE P.\KTV LOANS ON ANY. GOOD
X security: low Interest. N.. box 15. Call Office.;
>f PAWNBROKERS. \
HIGHEST PRICE : PAID FOR CAST OFlf
-Ll. clothing. Cosmopolitan Loan Oflic<>. 49 Third.
aiEDIUAL. - s ;
ANE\V REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; I never falls in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con-
finement. \ Dr. A.Virs. Da vies, -14 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernla Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2; hours, 9a. M. to 4, 7toBP. K. - -" , i.s
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO KB-
store every case !of | monthly I sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: ■ every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. -.JOB. DALEY, 112 d
Market st., over the Owl Drug ; Store.
D^ R. . FOU LIST'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter whet cause): positively safe and
sure; no danger or after, effects; taken in time it
also ' acts as a preventive: price ' $1 60 per box;
Ben free by mall on receipt of price. ' • WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye. '\. ; ; •: ',; -■■>■-
NEW FROCKS*— NO MEDICINE, iNSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day; can
be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, «18 Kearny.
ALL CASKS OF : MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored In a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers; home in confine-
ment: consult free: roniidential; hours. 10 to 6." '
- MRS. DR. \V YKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkln. ,■
RK. GOODWIN,- SPECIALIST: 7 LADIES.
near or far, safe, quick cure • guaranteed, any
diseasa or complaint; home for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis: tow tues:self cure. 904 McAllisters:.
LPt.AI 'S FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. v. D. ; don't delay until
too late. •• OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. ■:■ ■ ■ "
KURK CUKh. FOR ALL FEMALE ■ Uia-
eases, from i whatever cause; home ' in coniine-
men: ; every comfort: I eattsf action guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DKGWYER, 226 Turk a;.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT JORDAN AT-
his museum, 1 1051 1 MarKet < st. ; his 30 years
snecessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
. (Jj» c r\, iPAID FOX A CASK I FAI L I O CUR EOF
<]P OKfyJ female | complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation lree. MRS. DR. &CO I T, 826 Geary st.
U FKAK'.-> FEMALK KKGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drugg!sts. 406 Clay st.,sole
yrvK. C. C. O'DONiSELL, 1206 I MARKET. COR.
JL/ Golden Gate aye. -.diseases of women a specialty
0 AFETY FOR MARRIED LADIEa ADDRESS
OP. O. box 1984.;. ; ;; ■: -.. :: ; ■ ■-.:"•. ';
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Kighth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FKMALiS DI>KASB
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 5!64V2 *tb,
1 ,K. HALL, 14 McALLJSI EKSTRKKT, Ni.AU
1 ' Jones. Diseases of women and children. .. . .
KB. DKB, DONOVAN, , 1308 .' FOi«SOil , st.;
-confinement: terms reasonable., ':
■x ATIOBNEYS-AT-LAW. ";
D^Knr^RTcE^lJIV^SRT^^
ally; private; no charge unless successful; alt
law salts, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. >>. HOWE, att'y-at-law." 850 Market.
AILOKS'AND MECHANICS' WAGES COL-
lecte<i ; estates probated : deeds, wills,' contracts
'drawn; advice free. J. G. JEFFKESS. law. office,
632 Market at., room 2a. '■'■-•■-.-■- -■-.:■; ..^ \ ,-,■_?-■
• W. KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
.': tatlon free: probate; all cases: . fees low. :: 
DVICF FRISK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO»
cessfol. W. W. DAVIDSON. 9*7 Marked su !
... — . . : EDUCATIONAL. ... ..... ,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLIiKGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, . business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, - Kn^lish branches,
electrical engineering: '-0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ;
YKKS'. THE ; LEADIXU COLLEGE, 32S
Montgomery st. ; individual instructloa in
shorthand, trpin?. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
lite scholarship $50: 1 w rate* p*>r weelc and mo.
TIEHIAS SHORTHAND AND BL'SINK^S
College, 723 Market st. ; students traineJ: ollice
situations secured ; lo we it rates or erect It fur tuition.
T^XGirfKKKINU; HLHOOI.; . iIKCH.. iSLKC,
lli civil, raining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
taueht;es.lB6l. A. VAN DER NAILtiKN,723 MKt
1 JOOKKEKI*INIi THOROUGHLY IN 6 WKEKS
XJ or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TAKK, room 573, Parrott Kmporium building.
j.ELASt'O'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTINIi—
i-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehear*?!
or rtng*. H. 5 and 12. 1. tt i>. F. block. 7th ami 3IlC!
I|>RKNUH TAIGUT: JltW AIKTHOD: PKO
J , fessor direct from Paris. J.. box 10. ('all Office
/"» UITAK, MANUOLI.IV, I>iaA'O AND VuUAL
AX- lessons, 9'A ma" Alary Westhaus, 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WKITNG, AKITHM.TC. GItAMK,
J3dav <& night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
IGHT SCHWLiHEALI;'!' BUB.COLLEIiK;a4
Xl Post ;comniercial,gbortband.Knglish:low rales.
KOF. LOUIS MXXXI; VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. Geary, nr. Powell.
INGI.SO: PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French. Gprman laneuaees;sa mo. )09'Iavlor.r7.
HOTELS.
B"~KOOkTy ?T~IIOTKLr^2OB^2 1 "z BUSH^SrH
board and room $1 to $2 per day, (6 to $12
per week; choice. rooms 50 .cents to, fl; suite
10011. for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
service: free coacb. CHAKLK* MONTGOMERY.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Crocker Estate Company"to Albert Wllford, lot
on SE line of Beu!ah and Shrader streets, S 125
by X 109:4»/o; $10.
Ellen M. Scott to John P. Scott,' undivided half
of lot on W line of Clara avenue, 584 N of Kieht-
eenth etreet, N b3by W 109: gift.
• Annette Merriiim to P. C. Rossi, lot on N line of
Union street, 137 W of Powell. W 52 by N
137:6; fl:
- Charles Badnracco to Gacintia Badaracco, lot on
S line of Pacific street, 47 Eof Kyde, E 22:6 by
S 65: gift.
I Charles E. Tilton to Charles E. Tilton Jr., lot on
S line of Pacific street, 137.6 W of , eaveaworth,
S 137:6 by W 68:9: gift.
John E. or John and Margaret Greene or Green
to Joseph 1., Annie T. and Sarah L. Hogan, undi-
vided 34 of lot on N\V line of Minna street, 128
SW of seventh. sW 25 by NW 75: gift.
John JM. and Martha Ward to Joseph T. Winter,
lot on X line of Tenth avenue, *J6 j Sof California
street, S2sby E 120: 10.
Hugh Hynn to Daniel McKellar, re-record 1407
d 39, lot 80, Holiday Man a; $ 10.
- Daniel, John ad Sadie M l . Keilar to Solomon
Ducks, lots 76, 7* and ho, same; 10.
• George H. Lent (assignee of John J. C'Farrell,
Insolvent) to Gborge A. Turner, lots 60 and (51.
Mtc: 4. and lots 120 to 123, block 6, Academy
Tract, quite. aim deed:. $103. . .
Annie M. >rederike, Kriksine or Eugene and
Nels P. Jorgcnteii (by J. Simpson, attorney) and
M.c.Jorgensen to Kate McGrurler, Kit on E line
of Mission street, 100 N of Powell avenue, N 25
by E 80:6; SlO.
- Kate McGrudPr to William Byrne, lot on X line
of Miss on street, 75 N of Powell, N 25 by E 83:6;
910.
John Millerick, Mary Comisky (Millerick), An-
nie Fredericks (MMerick) and Nellie Calaghan
(Millerick) 10 Grorge Millerick, lots 509, till, 613,
615 and 617. sit- map No. 2; $1. :■
Phiiip W. Milletick to John Millerick (executor
of ts:ate of Michael Mitlerlck), same; $10.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Dledrlch ani Cat henna Wlegma'n to Henry
Mohr, lot on W line of San Pablo avenue, he
139:2 from South Isabella street, thence SW 100,
SE 25, Nii, 100, N\V 25 to beginning, Oakland;
$10.
Joseph W. and E. M. Warner to H. E. Dexter,
lot on \V line of Center street, 275 Nof West four-
teenth, :s 25 by XV 76, being lot 6, block 681, map
of Peralta and Center street land*, Oakland: $600.
' William E. and Minnie E. Hail to Charles M.
SoreuHon, lot on NE line or East Eleventh street,
175 SE of Thirteenth avenue. SE 40 by NE 126,
block 39, Clinton. East Oakland, ex<ept that por-
tion granted to Highland Park and Frnitvale Kail-
road for street railway rieht of way; $10. .
Henry and Mary Valentine to George .Lydiksen,
lot on NE corner of Market ' street and Kearney
avenue, E 135 by N 40, b;-inz the S 40 feet of lot
10, block 1, Kearney 1 ract, Berkeley; $100.
C. L. and L. P. Hunt', 011 to Helena Stack, lot on
NX corner of Durant avenue and Bowdltch street.
E 50 by N 180. being the W 50 feet of S half of lot
8, block 9, College Homestead, Berkeley: $10. i - ■'■• ..
Hugh and Mary Coyle to Jennie \V Morgan, lot
on \V line of *'rultvale avenue, 75 8 of Blossom
street, 40, W 125:10, S 40. X 125 to beginning
being portion of lot 1, Orchard 'iract, Brooklyn
Township; $5.
W. K. and K. E. Curtis to Julius A. Remind, lot
on E line of St. Charles street, 68.61 Nof Railroad
avenue. N 30 by B 100, being lot 16, block X, lay-
lor and Pane Tract. Alameda, quitclaim deed: $5.
tiItTIiS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
win not be Inserted. 'They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized !
to have the tame published,
BOKX.
KOCH— December 26, 1896, to the wife of Rich-
. ard Koch, a daughter.
MAIIKIED. r
OPPENHEIM — In this city. Decem-
ber 27, 1886, by the Rev. M. B. Levy, Jacob
DavU - and Yetta Oppenheim, both of San
Francisco. . . -
JOSEPH— In this city, December 27.
1&93. by the Rev M. S. Levy. Is ad or Joseph and
. Rebecca Jacobs, both of San Francisco.
SJRAUSE— NEWDORFER— In this city, Decem-
ber 27, 1896, by the Rev. M. Jf. Levy, Asher
~ Strause and Sadie • Newdorfor, both of San
Francisco. . , ■ ' ■, . - .
WHITE- JACOBS— In this city. December 27,
1896, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Herman S. White
' and Lena Jacobs, both of San Francisco. '
. DIED.
■ Amacher. John ' Johnson. Mary J.
' .Burton. Arthur J. ;. Kiueucb, Jacob K.
Burrows, Frank D. , Marchand: A. K.
Callaghy, James F. Murphy, Eiward R.
ChrUtiancy, James W. Miller, Charlotte M. '
Collins. Irvln? J. Podd, Clara B.
Cranz, Richard . . . Raukln, Joseph H.
Edward*. Alice ', Rosner. Irma ■■ ■ ,
' Fallon. Helen Sanborn. Hannah
Gade, Mrs. Frances ; Smyth,' Margaret
i Golden, Maurice M. ? . Ktangenberger.A. W. ■
. Harper, Samuel W. Tibbetts. George M.
Hill, Ltda Treu.ing. John
' Johnson, James Ward, Mary A.
. Zeigler, Anna M. E. •
AMACHER— In the City and County ' Hospital.
December 27, 1896, John Amacher, aged 37
years
BURTON— this city. December - 26, 1896.
Arthur J., beloved husband of Km ma Burton
(nee Hogan), a native of Canada. A member
of Aurora Lodge No. 202, Knights and Ladles
of Honor. .'
*yFrien<l* , and acanalntanrci »r« ' respect-
! fully Invited to attend the ■ funeral - THIS DAY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
; dence, 333 Twelfth street. ', Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . " ' _ ■ ' •
BURROWS— In this city. December 26, 1896,
° Frank D.. dearly beloved husband of Dottle E.
Burrows,. and son of Mary A. and the late Rob-
ert Burrows, a native ot Portland, Me., aged 41
year* 11 months and 23 days. ' " ■>
43~Frlends ot the family are respectfully In-
vited :. to ". attend r the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), ' at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
• residence, 1757 Howard, street, thence to &
' Charles Church, where a solemn requiem masi
'■ will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul, com-
: '.'-. mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.. •" j; -.; : '. -,--'• .l;'<~"-r>-- : ~"-?;~-' V.
CALLAGHY— In this city, December 27. 1896.
, James F., b.'lo-'ei son of Thomas and Kllen
Callaghy. brother of John, Jeremiah, Thomas,
Joseph.: William. George and Katie. Callaghv. a
native of Massachusetts, aged 19 years and 10
'months. . " .-■,
JHTXotice of funeral hereafter. , '. /-•' . js
CHRISTIANCY— In this city. December 27, 1598. 1
Jamet W. Christ inner, a native of Pchenectady.
New York, aged 47 years and 6 month i. .:4ap^
COLLINB— In this city." December 26, 1H96. Irving
J., beloved son of John L. and Mary A. Collins.
' a native of - ban Francisco, aged .1 ; year and 4
months.'- ■'•; : .->'■ .' .■■■;'■''■'. .'. '? ' '"*-. -.'■ ■- ■
. jO" Friends and' acquaintance* are respect-'
"fully invited to attend th 9 funeral THIS ;11 v\'
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the residence
■ of the parents, b44 Harriett street. Interment
. Holy Cross 1 emetery. • ■ ■ r \\ •,' '
CRANZ— In this city. December 27. 1898, Rich- j
.- ard, beloved husband or Mary Cranz (neeKuin i
and father of Richard and Myrtle Cranz. and
' brother of Louis Cranz, a nativa of steiubach,
He-ise-Kassel, Germany, aged 34 year* and 2
. mouths. : [Chicago papers Dlease copy.J :• .'
tST Friends and? Hranalntanc *» respect-'
. fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock P. . 11.; from his late
residence, 80 Ninth strae:. ; Inurmea; I. O. O. F.
• ': Cemetery. ■. ;■; . - . .- • . .
EDWARDS— In Berkeley. December 25. 1896, j
. Alice, wife of George ' Edwards, a native of bt.
: Loui*. Mo., aged 89 years. .'.,. ■ .-■- - •
■ Friends are Invited to attend the funeral |
i; THIS DAY (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., j
' trom the residence ci tier husband, 2530 Dtvignt j
way. Berkeley. Interment private. ' ; 1
FALLON— In this '* city, December." 26, 1896,, :
. Helen, beloved wife nf John Fallon. anil daugh-
. ter of Mr. -and Mrs. Andrew Dooly,' a native
ot Springfield, Masi., ased 3 8 years 7 months j
and 5 days. T "ntTTltiffiV Wlw B^"Nii4JWt^^ ! oK^S a %
»V IST Friends and acquaintances ' are respect- - j
> - fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
- (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from heriate
residence, .2913 Twent*-fltth street, thence a
- St. Peter's Church, where a \ requiem high mass |
will ; be -celebrated for the repose of her so.il. j
coiii'ufiici.i ; at 9 o'clock a. h. interment Mount
'. Calvary Cemetery. ' .- :
GA DE— ln' this city, L^ December 27, 1896, Mrs. j
1 ; Frances (Jade, oelovert sister of .George Collim, 1
a native of Douglas. of Man. British Isles, ;
-, aged 89 years 11 months and 1 day: :■
GOLDEN— In this city. :, December .: 27. 1898, (
; Maurice id., dearly beloved husband of Uauorah I
. K. Golden, ana uncle of -Timothy Lucy. Mm.
■ Johanna Bres«el '. and : Katie : and Julia Clifford,
!■• a native of Cahirelveen, County Kerry, Ireland, '
■ aged 40 years 7.mouths and 17 days. ,. ..
»';•■_ Friends and' acquaintances are 1 respect-
: ' fully Invited to attend tea funeral TO-MOIIBOW
(Tuesday), at <* : so o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 1701 son "street. corner of Green;
them-e to St. tram-is Churcn,. where a solemn
requiem high mass will 00 celebrated for cue
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARPER— In thU cily, December 26, 1896,
I Samuel W. Harper, beloved husband of Modesta
Harper (nee JB;ib.-:ien). a native of California,
aged 35 years. ' :r" ? " "
, jtQj-Fneu<n and acquaintance* ar* respect*
invite<l to attend the funera 1 THIS DV V
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from 1. O. O. F.
- Hall, corner Seventh and Market s. reels, where
services ill be held under the auspices of
A bou B»-n Adhem Lodge No. 112, I. O. O. F.
Bemsins at the. parlors of Gantner & Ountz, 8
and 10 City Hall square. ; Interment at Cypress
Lawn.
HILL— In this city, December 26, 1898, LUa
Hilt -,-.'■ '
JOHNSON— In this city, December 27. 1896,
Jame-i .1 ■■tin on. late Commissioner O; Customs
for Canada. anJ hither of Edward V., Marjorie
R. and Amy 5. Jonnson of Ottawa, aged bO
years. . -- ■ • — —
• ay Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at
S3 o'clock P. M., from 1034 Pine street. i;vmuiui
will be taken to Ottawa tor interment.
JOHNSON— In this city, December 27, 1896,
Mary J. Johnson, a native of Nova Scotia, age!
68 rear*. .  '. " . . r "
. 49~Fneud* land ■ acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock p. if., from the par-
lors of Carew A English. 19 Van Ness avenue.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KLUKTSCH-In thin city, > December 23.1893 V
Jacob H.. beloved son of Frank J. ami Sophie
M. Kluetscb, and b>other of Mis. H-irry Hock,
Mm. L Michelson and Mrs. Theodore Knutsen
and the late Frank J. Kluetich. a native of Wb-
consin, aged 27 years 6 mouth* and 9 days.
Friends and acaualntancet are. respest-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 12 :20 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of hi-t mother, 1765 Fifteenth street,
corner of Albion avenue, thence to ibe new
Mission Dolores Church, where funeral services
will be held, commencing at 1 o'clock p. it.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. <
MARCHAND— In this city, December 26, 1893,
Alexander E. Mart-hand, a native of Kentucky,
aged b'i years and 4 days.
MURPHY— in this city, December 27, 1898, Ed-
ward R., loved son of Edward J. anl Mary A.
Murphy, and brother of M ollie, Annie, James,
Thomas and 10.11 . Murphy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 16 year* 6 months and 12 days.
MILLER— In this city. December 27, 1893, Char-
lotte Mathyldla, beloved wife of William Miller,
and daughter of John T. and Charlotte Newman,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 5
' months un.l 19 days.
Friends are respectfully invited to atr.^n I
the funeral TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 12:30
- o'clock p. it., Tom 124 Guerrero street, thence to
St. John's Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street.
Interment Laurel Hill W-metcry. r
PODD— In Sacramento. December 22. 1898. Clara
(Sister) Burrington. youngest daughter of Jesse
and Alice Podd, aged 4 years 4 months and 10
days. '
RANKIN— this: city. - December 27. 1891, '
' Joseph H.. beloved husband of Mary Ran kin,
and son of Bridget and the late Herman Ran-
■ kin, and brother of Augustus J., Frank, Charles,
Stanislaus and Agnes Rankin, a native of San
Francisco, axed 29 years.
tfg~ Friends anl acquaintance? ore respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late
residei.ee. 327 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. 'inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
ROSNER— In this cltr. December 26, 1896, Irma,.
beloved wife of Gerz Rosner, and sister-in-law of
. E. M. Rosner, a native oi Buda-Pesth, Hungary, -
aged 31 years. •
£3~Frieudi and acaualntancoi am respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10: HO o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Theodor - Dierks, 857 .\lls.-iioj street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth., Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ■- ' '
SANBORN— In this city, December 25, 1433.
Hannah Sanbora. beloved mother of Mrs. A.
Lund and Alice, Bessie and Charles Sauborn,
a native of Sweden, aged 67 years.
<yFrieudi ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from, 921
Florl .a street- Interment Cyprus _«vu Ceme-
terr by carriages.
SMYTH— At toe Convent of Notre Dame, Marys-
vllle, December 22. 1896, Margaret Smyth (Sis-
■ ter ; Mary -de ■ Chan el), beloved daughter of
Bridget and the late C. H. Smyth, a native of
San Francisco, aged '41 years. , ,
STANGENBERGER— In Napa, December 27.
IH9B, Alexander W. Stan^e:iot*rger, a native Of
San Francisco, aged 32 years and i months.'
4S~Nouceof funeral hereafter from o 12 Grove
street. .
TIBBETTS— In Oakland, December 24, 1896.
George M. libbetts, aged 34 year.* 1 month and
22 ;l*yj.
TRETJTING— In this city, December 28. 1896,
John, beloved husband of Emma Treutln?. and
lather of Anita, Milton and El ma Treat-
ing, a native of Bavaria. Germany, aged 37
years. A member of Herman Lodge No. 224,
U. O. R. M., and Charter Oak Lodge, K. of H.
49~Frleniu ana acquaintance! am respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 134 Twenty-eight street, thence to
St. Fan. us Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose 0/ his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. il Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARD— In this city, December 25, IH9B, Mary
Agnes Ward, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
ZEtGLER— In this city, December 2&, 1896, Anna
M. E. ZelsrJer, a native or Germany, aged 34
years 2 months and 19 days.
' McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIBECTORS A EMBALMEES,
SO Fifth St.. Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. - '->.■
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CJSK»
tery to the city; non-seotarian ; la no seas* ex-
elusive: location unexcelled. Office UO7 liii rluf
•treeu southeast corner o* Hixu».
T.HE
WEEKLY
CJiLL
oi It Publishes the Cream of the
ex News of the Week and
<=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
oj, ORIGINAL FEATURES.
o< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
ol PAPER ON THE
cJ PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican but Al way*
*D - Fair. and Impartial in Its
Rendering of the Po-
& ! litical ' News. '
o It's the Paper to Send East II
J It's the Paper to Send East if
0/ -You Want to Advertise
3 • California.
°\ The Best \ # /Mining
oc Telegraphic -\/ News That
01 Service on /\ Is Accurate
2 The Coast . / \& up to date
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°{ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ "it • Dry or ; Uninteresting. .
?j PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
o<.;:-' ; '-' : ' : -••' • ■■• ■ • '-. *
v"*V. Bright, Clean, A Champion of
CX Thoughtful. . ;. Truth, j
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
~J ALL THE TIME.
;°) fT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C* HOME . .; MAIL, SI.SC
W INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
Jl12
PATRONAGE TO
JUNTA COMMITTEES
Five Supervisors - Elect
Vote in Favor of
the Transfer.
At a Secret Caucus Saturday
Night This Novel Stand
Was Taken.
Charles A. Reynolds First Choics of
the Junta for a Prosecuting
Attorneyship.
These are anxious hours for the aspir- I
nnts to political positions in the City Hall. |
The time passes in mystery, at least to the
many who are out warming their toes -on j
the sidewalks, and a nod or a smile from ;
the dispensers of patronage will fill a
doubting member of the faithful with hope
and happiness, not to speak of visions of
nice fat salaries. As the climax ap
proaches the struggle grows in intensity, j
Last night it was feverish. From the
Junta headquarters to Bu«h and Kearny
street?, where Mr. Rainey hangs his hat,
the sidewalks were strewn with pulls and
more or less names for the slate.
They gathered on corners and thought
they were pumping one another dry on
news from "the inside," and of course
every gentleman of the "push" gave away i
all he knew.
But the gravest question of all was,
"What did they do at the caucus last j
night?"
This caucr.3 wa3 held in a private office
Saturday night. Nine of the Supervisors
elect were present, and a few members of j
the ''organization," the local Democratic j
party, were quiet participants. It was I
secret, but somebody came out and told !
everybody down the line from the Flood |
building to Bush street that five Super
visors-elect had voted for giving all the
patronage to the organization, wnile four i
stoutly maintained tbat it was the board's i
prerogative to do as it pleased with its
patronage.
So- the jury disagreed, and now every
thing-depends on the caucus Tuesday '
night to determine whether two more |
Supervisors-elect will throw the patronage |
to the Junta, in this ca6e there would oe i
seven, a majority in favor of Rainey.
More than usual interest is attached to
the right being made for the positions of
prosecuting attorneys in the Police Courts.
Nearly a dozen candidates are in the field — j
almost three to each position — and. since
the more the merrier, it can easily he
imagined how interesting grows the con
flict. Two new aspirants bobbed up yes
terday — William H. Gleeson, brother-in
law of M. C. Uassett, with a recommenda
tion irom the Junta and a personal one
from James D. Phelan; also Andrew Mc-
Guire of the Thirty-seventh District, with
a pull out that way.
The others are: E. P. Mocan, Robert
Mann, Cuarles O'Caliaghan, Frank Drury,
Charles A. Reynolds, Judge Spinettt,
Georja Cabaniss and Stepnen O Keeie. |
Mogan is backed by Ned Linigau ana is j
reasonably certain of a place. Maun has 1
the support of Congressman Maguire and 1
the Junta, and is regarded as a winner. !
Then comes Reynolds, with every Demo- i
cratic committeeman in the Thirty-sev- j
enth and Thirty-eighth districts lor him. |
A prominent member of tne Junta said :
last night that Reynolds' claims cannot be
overlooked. "Reynolds," said he, "has
the bestciaiin of ail the candidates, from
the organization point of view. In the
beginning of the Junta movement he led
a small minority, fought his way through
and defeated the faction led by McNab,
Sullivan, Popper, Braunhart and others, j
"He paved the way for Dr. Ragan, as he
finally landed on top and was made tern
peniy chairman of the Democratic Muni- |
cipal Convention, and he was with tbe i
dominant faction of the party in the con- \
ven lion. If the dominant laction has >
anything to say he certainly should be
recognized."
A protest has been urged against O'Cal
iaghan and Drury.
The former appears in the directory of
1896 as a law student, and Drury is given
in. tbe 1895 directory as "clerk, Wells,
Fargo <fc Co." Chief Crowley and the
Police Judges have protested to the Super
visors-elect against inexperienced and'in
competent prosecuting attorneys in the
Police Courts.
Sjsinetti has the whole Forty-fourth
District with him, and O'Keefe is only
Dacked by part of the Thirty-third.
THEATER WORKERS BENEFITED
Tbe Tivoli Given Over for Their Good
Yesterday Afternoon.
The machinists, carpenters, property
men, electricians, calcium-light operators
and scene-shifters that go to make up the
behind-the-scene corps of tne different
theaters of this City were given a benefit
performance yesterday afternoon at the I
Tivoli. It was successful, botli artistically !
and financially. Most of tbe best tlieatri
ca; talent now in San Francisco took part.
The entertainment consisted of a laugh
able curtain-raiser entitled "Mistaken
NEW TO-DAT.
The absolutely pure
BAKING POWDER
ROYAL— the most celebrated of all
the baking powders in the world — cel-
ebrated for its great ><3 cl Wi ' ,
. . CROYALteaugj
leavening strength and f^^^^^^ffl '
purity. It makes your I ■'■•'
cakes, biscuit, bread, !nP^ »filjli|
etc., healthful, it assures | fjsssJBk\ lif
you against alum and all |U iBSjP If
forms of adulteration [Wl||ft2jtf ß|
that go with the cheap
brands. ■•^^^^^^'
- ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK. . - » > '
Scene of the Impressive Obsequies of Captain W. F. Swasey, Held at Pioneer Hall.
dentity," and a farce-comedy bearing the
u?gestive double titie "Wanted — A
Singer ! or the Arrival of Ellen Peach
Jaw."
In addition to the?e two little comedies
some twenty specialties were introduced
by specialty artists from all the theaters.
About $500 was cleared for tbe Theatri
cal Mechanics' AssociiUion. the local
lodge of which has a membership of nearly
100. On New Year's eve the lodge will
banquet at the Alcazar building.
A unique feature of the diversified en
tertainment was an exhibition ot rapid
and accurate scene-shifting.
AMUSEMENTS FOR ALL.
The Many Attr:tctimiß That Are On at
the Different Theater* for This
Kvcnii>£.
At the Baldwin Theater this evening there
will be offered "The Brownies" and the flying
ballet, tbat have been holding the boards for
tlie past week. A number of localisms will be
introduced to livea the dialogue. Little
Gertie Carlisle will by request sing "Ben
Bolt."
The Frawley company opens at tne Columbia
Theater this evening iv "His Wife's Fatlier,"
spoken of as a very neat comedy with many
amusing situations in it. This is a production
of Martha Morton, who has of late attracted
au unusual amount of attention by her
theatrical literature.
At the Alcazar Theater there is to be pro
proaueed "Xiobe," a three-act comedy, writ
ten by Kdward Pauiton. The title role will be
taceu by Beatr cc Lieb, and she will be sup
ported by a good company. The piece.it is
said, is a mirth- pro voker from beginning to
end.
There is to be a military play at the Grand
Opera-house to-night. It is entitled "Across
the Potomac," and to carry out the ideas ol the
authors 100 people will appear on the statre.
It i 5 dramatic ami Fred J. Butler will appear
as the "heavy villain."
"Jack and the Beanstalk" will continue at
Tivoli Opera-house to-night and will no doubt
draw a crowd, as it did during the past week. It
has many features in it thut are attractive,
and there is much that meets the popular
taste.
The aerial ballet will be the chief attraction
at tue Orpheum this evening, and it is an
nounced that participants will inuoduce some
new and intricate movements. In addition
there is on tlie bill a number of attractive spe
ciahalties.
At the Chutes, weather permitting, there
will be many features tliat are calculated to
attract. There will be pictures oi the animat
oscope, Kroto roiling down the steep incline
to Hie lake ou a large globe, bicycle racing and
skating.
■ — • — ♦— •
CHRISTMAS AND WORK.
Key. William Kader Frenches on Busi
ness Ethics.
Rev. William Rsder preached at the
First Congregational Church last night on
"Christmas and Business," though he had
intended to deliver a sermon to commer
cial men.
The speaker held that Christ was a fine
type of business man, as be selected his
disciples from the ranks ot business men,
even Matthew being a tax collector.
"Christ introduced the business mo
tive," he said, "and founded his church
on strictly business principles. But above
all this, he lounded the church on the
highest princij.las of ethics known, and
that is one reason why there is a profound
sentiment of Chr^tianity back of the
Christmas sentiment to-day.*'
The speaker also dwelt on the question
of good resolutions lor ttie coming year,
regretting that so many heed not the pass
ing years as warnings to do better in the
business world as well as in ail the walks
of life.
f.ord Found and Safe.
C. H. Lord, the wealthy middle-aged mer
chant of Minneapolis, wtic, suffering from a
peculiar mental trouble, wandered about the
City unconscious of his location, was found
yesterday morning in the ferry waiting-room
by his brother, who came here from Denver in
search of him. List nicbt the brothers re
mained at the Baidu in Hotel. To-night they
will start for Cheyenne, o.i their way hohie.
The unfortunate man is apparently all right
pnysically, and is rational aud possessed ol
all his mental faculties except the ability to
understand where he is. Tfle disorder first
Manifested itselt when he \va3 crossing the
mountains on his way out here, the altitude
seeming to have something co do w it h causing
or developing tbe peculiar mania.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2S, 1896.
BRUINS SPUNK
IS ALL RIGHT
A Little Black Bear Makes
a Fight for His
Liberty.
He Successfully EvaJes Being
Made Into Christmas
Steaks.
After a Desperate Struggle Two
Vaqu ros Manage to Put Him
in Chains.
Two men and a bear had a highly excit-
I ing contest in Butcheitown yesterday
; afternoon and the men got the decision —
i nbo the bear. It wasn't a fair set-to, bow
ever. The bear selected the battle-ground,
but that was about the only voice he had
| in arranging preliminaries. In the matter
: of referee, timekeepers and other func
; tionaries necessary to all well-regulated
'exhibitions," he was entirely ignored.
He was a champion up to date too and
j certainly was entitled to some considera
tion. Saturday night Charles Williams
and Juan Alvarez, two vaqueros of the
Potrero, essayed to drag young bruin
from "his lair under Barry's tallow work?,
i and they were palpably .outclassed. At
! the expiration of the bout the bear con
: turned his snooze under the taliow works
! and Williams and Alvarez went to the
Mark Strouse's Truant Bear Furnished a Resistance More Than
Proportionate to His Size. It Required the Utmost Strength
of His Captors and One or Two Assistants to Draw Him From
His Lair.
Receivinsr Hospital to have their counte
nancs stitched un. Up to 2 o'clock yes
terday the bear was monarch of what
little he could survey in his slimy wallow.
This bear which has been giving such
a lively account of himself is the property
of Mark Struuse, the proprietor of the Bay
City Packing House, Each year, a few
months before Christmas, Strouse pur
cbases a few bears whicii he fattens up
and readfily disposes ol to butchers who
wish them mainly for show. The meat
sells readily at a good price, but hardly
pays for the trouble involved.
For two months the little black bear
winch has caused all the trouble had c >n
teniedly occupied a position at the end of
a 4-!oot chain in the packing-house yard.
Tiie day before Christmas arrived, and
bruin wps as good as Christmas steaks.
The workmen looked at his well-filled
ribs as they passed and smacked their
lips. Those smacks were bruins cue to
make a play for liberty, but he looked
meek as a Kitten and contented himself
with winking the. oilier eye, goto speak.
Tha men passed on and the coast seemed
clear. Bruin looked at the small dog
chain with which they had confined him,
smiled in a manner that sent the <ioss to
their kennels, and then trotted off with
out stopping to notice at what particular
moment the chain snapped.
A bear, even a little black baar, is not a
nice thing to have enjovine the freedom
of the neighborhood. Ii may be all light
in some neighborhoods, but the people of
the Potrero are not educated up to, or are
educated beyond, such sylvan ideas. They
demanded that Mr. Strouse keep his
menagerie at home, and Mr. Strouse, with
the instincts cf a good citizen and a fon !
ness tor bear meat, offered a reward for
the return of his property.
Christmas day brnin spent in peace.
Th«s offer of a reward by Mr. Slrouse in
spired several searching parties, but the
bear is of a retiring disposition ard pre
ferred to spend his holiday in seclusion.
Not until Saturday night did Williams
and Alvarez locate him under the tallow
works.
It was not a pleasant place in which the
bear had taken up his quarters. The tide
water swashes in under the building and
makes a foul-smelling mud. The space
was so small that the mountaineer could
hardly stand erect. It was not nearly so
nice as several cozy caves in de iglnful
proximity to blackberry patches of which
his bearship knew, bat it had such marked
advantages over a position on the boons
of a butcher-shop, or m the several in
teriors of divers Christmas celehrants,
that on the whole he was fairly well satis
lied.
That's why he made things interesting
for Williams and Alvarez wnen they en
deavored to coax him out where it was
clean and nice. In vain they expostulated
that Christmas was over and bear meat
was no longer fashionable. The place
suiteJ him well enoush and he proposed
to stay. Ami he >tayed.
When Foreman Leighman of -the pack
ing-house and Fred Basser, a Potr^ro va
quero, started to conquer the champion
yesterday alternoon they looked tierce
and spat on their hands. They expected
to do things.
Armed with a cowhide riata and numer
ous long poles they repaired to the bear's
pre-emption. Bruin gazed out at the be
sieging party and prudently withdrew as
far as possible from the openine. Tne
space was too small to throw a rope and
the attacking party was forced to resort to
strategy. Accordingly a hole was torn in
the tallow-house floor and a slipnoose was
arranged.
The men then withdrew and from a con
venient range commenced poking the bear
with their long sticks.
No self-respecung bear likes to have
able-bodied men taking such liberties with
his ribs, and this particular bear's temper
had not been improved by a two days'
fast.. Every lunge of the sticks brought
forth angry growls and snarls, but for an
hour he refused to budge. Then he lost
his temper and commenced floundering
cbout ,and, a result which has been ob
served to follow other losses of temper, he
put his foot in it. Basser pulled on the
rone and the bears lett paw wu< fasf.
The problematical part of the wort was
over. The rest was a mere matter of brute
strength, and it tooK lots of it. Basser,
Leighman and one or two volunteers orga
nized a tug-of-war team. Inch by inch
bruin was drugged through the mud, and
when he appeared — well, he was a sorry
looking specimen f .o have out up all that
light. There wasn't bear enougn there to
have filled a bushel-basket. He was woe
fully emaciated from his long fast and his
shaegy black hair was clotted with mud.
The spectators were making all sorts of
unkind; remarks about the stranger in
their midst, and something said . must
have hurt his feelings, for suddenly he
took advantage of the slaclt rope which his
captors generously allowed him and made
a break for the crowd. Members of ttie
crowd say that on the run he appeared to
be a good-sized bear.
The truant was returned without much
difficulty to Strouse's establishment, but
chaining him up was an usly tasl:. !So long
as he had plenty of rope he was willing to
be a gentleman, but resented 'familiarities,
and his conquerors had several narrow
escanes from being cuffed and bitten.
"Well, he'll hnve to keep until next
Christmas, " said Leiehman.
And the hear looked wise, as he playfully
landed a straight left in the face of an in
quisitive brindle bulldog.
COST HIGH, BUT IT'S GOOD.
AMERICAN BEST CHKISTMAB COFFEE.
TKY IT.
MAKES YOU FEEL SO GOOD.
GREAT AMEIIICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
BTOR X 8 E V K II V W II K KB.
THOUGHTS OF CHRISTMAS.
A Sermon by Kov. Dr. Spalding of St.
John's Kpiacopal Church.
Key. Dr. Striding of St. John's Episco
pal Church, in his sermon yesterday morn- j
ing, spoke of the Christmas season. It
brings with it, he said, the thought of a
prest nt Christ. To hear that he had come
hundreds of years ago and gone away
again ~ouid not be good tidings. He is
present »o-day with m as much as he was
with the early Christians. It is through
the sacrament of tha Lord's Supper that
he is nearer than at any other time. It
w:is this presence of Christ which made
men endure what they did in times past
and even to die for him. His words were,
•'Lo, 1 am with you always, even unto tbe
enn of the world,"
Yesterday being St. John's day Dr.
Spalding pave a brief sketch of that
apostle's life, after whom his church is
named. He showed how the principle
characteristic of his life was love, and
that it was the burden of all his teachings,
even at the time of his death, when his
last worns were, "LittJe children love one
another."
ArcTioN Diamonds. Watches and Jewelry. One
week only. Vacate Jan. Ist. 5 and 7 Third street.
CAPTAIN SWASEY
HONORED IN DEATH
Pioneers' Last Marks of
Respect to a Loved
Brother.
They Gather in Large Numbers
at the Beautitul Funeral
Serv.ces.
Elcquent Words of Praise Mingled
With Consolation by the Rev.
W. W. Case.
Many distinguished members of the
Society of California Pioneers gathered
yesterday at Pioneer building on Fourth
street to bid their last farewell to one of
their number, one wto through a long,
eventful, honorable career had been an
ornament to the pioneers, Captain William
F. Swasey.
Without one exception, all venerable
men were I hey who could look back over
a vista of many years' companionship
with the departed brother, the man who
bad helped to raise the stars and stripes
at Monterey and on Portsmouth square,
San Francisco, when Sloat gathered the
golden west into the diauem of States.
They one and all wore grave faces upon
which was plainly stamped deep-seated
sorrow, for they full well realized the los*
their society suffered. Among them were
men prominent in California in various
walks of life — merchants, physicians, law
yers, soldiers. When all were gatiiered
the large parlors of the building were all
too small to hold them, and quite a num
ber had to be content with standing in the
main hall. Every member of the s-ociety
wore a mourning badge of black and
silver with the bear and Its somber back
ground, a rosette tipped with snver.
Among those present were not a lew
ladies
Captain Swasey died nther suddenly
Friday night at his residence. 33 Sixth
street. Next morning the Pioneers took
charge of the funeral arrangements, and
yesteraav afternoon held burial services
over the body of the departed pioneer.
The casket bearing the remains were
borne from the hoarse to an open space at
one end ot the main parior, fonowed by
mourning friends of the dec ased. Soon
after, Rev. W. W. Case took his stand
beside the bier and read the burial service
of his church, which was imbued with
beautiful sentiment and hope ami full of
consolation. The prayers over, Mr. C'se
delivered a brief aduress, highly eulogistic
of the dead and ot the Pioneer Society.
He said: "Again, dear friends, we are
met to nay the last office of respect to one
of your company— a company which is
growing smaller and smaller every month.
There does not often gather round the
casket of a departed one such a company
as is gathered here to-day, composed
largely of men who have seen a great deal
of the world, of life, who were intimately
associated with the earlier history of our
State and City. You have come out of
respect to him who has passed away.
"There must come into your thoughts
when one of your number dies a leeling of
sadness, and to us outside your circle it is
a feeling of extreme sadness. One of you
has gone who filled a niche in the history
of the Nation that never cjn be occupied
by a successor; and when you, too, are
Lone there will be none to represent you.
Yet such is life, such is ;the inevitable.
Wise men will always make preparation
for the inevitable. I conjure you to-day
to set your house in order, "lor thou shait
die and not live.'
"We can do nothing more for him who
has parsed from us, but if we cannot fur
ther administer to him, we can show that
we believe in the brotherhood of humanity.
So let us do ior some brother who needs a
generous act.
"It is not for me to tread within the pre
cincts of the family, not for us to meddle
in a stranger's grief or a stranger's sorrow ;
but for the family, I may say, we can com
mend you to him who is able to comfort
you, to sustain you and to give you reace."
This part of the service concluded with
a touching prayer for the deceased's fam
ily and for the Pioneer Society. The
choir, consisting of D. M. Lawrence, C. M.
Ell ot, D. B. Crane and L. A. Larsen, com
posing the Knickerbocker Q.iartet. sang
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," with much
feeling, and then John F. Pinkham, mar
shal of the Society of Pioneers, read the
funeral prayeYs of the society.
Before reciting the service he briefly an
nounc»d that it was not necessary for him
to add to what had been spoken already
of CanUin Swasey, whom he chaiacter
ized as a dear brother, a true friend and
good fellow-citizen.
"Sweet Hour of Prayer" was sung by
C. M. Elliot, by request of Mrs. Swasey.
The beautiful hymn was touching in its
te I'lerness and seemed pecu.iarly appro
] nate. When it was concluded the niar
siial announced that on iiccount of the in
clemency of the weather there would be
no service at the grave and it was thought
best to conclude the ob-equies in the
hall. The auartet chanted "How Dark
the Road We Go," and when this solemn
song was ended all present arose aud,
forming in a procession, passed beside the
casket to see Captain Swasey's face for the
last time, and meanwhile the choir sang
"Sleep on, Beloved."
The ci:-ket was a beautiful one, and lay
half covered by the io!ds of an American
l!ag. Of floral pieces there was none, a
simple bunch of Californian violets alone
gracing the coiiiu lid.
The remains were carried out by Thomas
Eager, J. P. Bearing and J. J. Wentworth
of the Pioneer Society and S. J. Loop and
James Kane representing the Mexican
veterans anvt John C. Innes of the Cali
fornia Volunieers, who acted as pallbear
ers. Immediately after walked the widow
and family of Captain Swasey, who was
interred in the Pioneers' plat in the Ma
sonic Cemetery.
HE WANTED TO DIE.
Richard Cliililies Made Two Attempts
to Take tils Life.
Richard Childres, who said he is a
plumber by trade and only two weeks in
this City, attempted suicide in a saloon at
Third and Mission streets where he called
for a glass of beer yesterday. He pro
ceeded to pour a quantity of sulphate of
zinc into the glass when some by-standers
seized the bottle in which the poison was
and took it from him. This friendly act
did not please him. and be remarked that
if lie couid not do it that way "he would
this," at the satue time drawing a pistol
from his pocket. He placed the muzzle
against h;s head, but before he had time
to pull the trigger the same persons who
had wrenched the bottle from him again
saved his life by taking the pistol.
The police were notified and took him
to the Receiving Hospital, whore he was
placed in n padded cell subject to further
investigations by the Insanity Commis
sioners to-day.
At the Receiving Hospital he stated
that he had come from Minneapolis and
resided at 1520 Mission street since his ar
rival in this City.
A very extensive domestic industry in
Russia consists of the manufacture of
wooden spoons, which are made to the
amount of 30,000,000 annually. They are
nearly all made of birch.
HEW TO-DAT-DRT
. . ■" ■ . ' ■
i
HOLIDAY
GOODS!
We beg to inform our customers
that commencing Monday, December
28th, we will offer the following
SPECIAL VALUES.
125 dozen LADIES' FANCY  - r pflrh
LAWN APR0N5. . ........ . C
200 dozen 4-Button FRENCH <£ ¥ ._
KID GLOVES b E a M ck r s ? idered . -' •P*»^^' pa r
175 dozen LADIES' EMBROID- ~ wn nU
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS. CCtl
20 dozen EXTRA SIZE CRO- d; ¥ n n each^
CHET SHAWLS *I«OO eacn
100 dozen LADIES' SANI-
TARY WOOL VESTS $ f nneach
AND DRAWERS. ..•pI.UU eacn
6 dozen LADIES' FEATHER <£ ~ nA ' .
COLLARETTES 4> O #UU eacn
TBL.EPHONB ORANT 124.
$SS*^ J^,^m^^ MtL^~ _Jf
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POSTSTHEEf,
SOCIALISTS IN POLITICS
Told to Avoid Alliances With
Any of the Older
Parties.
Frirnis Advised to Aim First at
Securing Municipal
Power.
At a meeting of the American Branch of
tlie Socialist Labor party, held last night
in their hall at 909 Market street, they
were addressed by S. Seiler on the sub
ject, "Socialists in Politics."
Speaking of the meaning of the word
Socialist, he said there were many who
j would persist in understanding it to refer
to a long-haired crank, with dynamite
sticking out of his pocket ; but he denned
a Socialist, or social Democrat, to be one
who believed industrial rights to be as
necessary as political rights. Freedom in
politics without liberty in economics is a
: farre.
He advised his hearers to avoid all en
| tnnglements with nny of the old parties,
; and to stick to a straight, independent,
i uncompromising policy.
They should make their first efforts to
| secure municii>al power. A great many
j votes could be secured when the voters
j knew the candidates and could hear them
i speak that could not be obtained for a
i man they bad never seen. The most
! notable successes of the Socialists in all
I countries bad been achieved by this plan
lof campaign. With Socialists holding the
j municipal offices he thought the problem
I of the iinemp oyed would be to a great ex
! tent solved. One of the first duties of the
Socialists was to the increasing army of
the unemployed. There was naturally
groat danger in tnis class to organized
Jabor.
The speaker thought that the fieht of
the Socialists would be unavoidably one of
classes. He characterized as "maudlin
sentimentality" the effort to influence the
! fich by teaching that i heir own happiness
I depended upon making the working
! classes happy. He mentioned the con
i lemrtin winch the capitalists regarded
• his clafs, and told of the Oreton Jaily who
said the rich spelled the wora "masses"
I without an "m."
To the question of what use was their
organiziuon when they could not elect
candidates he said tbe answer was they
could fight as a compact, well-organizod
body instead of as a mob.
THE OREMATED WATCHMAN.
The Fire at. South San Frinci.ro Said
to Have Started »t I lie furnace.
Little lemains to be adi!pl to the de
struction of the California Glue Works on
Fifth avenue and Q street.
The saddest event in connection with
the fire was the death of Henry Hollier,
who had been for many years wi the em
ploy ot the glue company. He was a
single man ana was well spoken of by his
employers and those of his acquaintance
in the neighborhood where he lost his life.
The management believes that he was on
his rounds when his lantern blew up and
ignited his clothing, and that while Irving
to tear off his burning garments the build
ing caught fire. Fragments of his lamp
found near the body seem to support this
theory.
The company estimates its loss at $50 -
000, 110,000 of which is in-ured.
CASTORIA
For Infants and, Children.
Th« fie- y?
:• ■ ilailt ■ [^^Tjf " - y/ffy> „ "* It n
tifutari/ J^ yy/y/T*-/- evar?
Last sale of this year ;
you see we quote seasonable
goods at prices you like.
You're sure to like the
goods, none better.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
O.K. Whiskey 3 bot. $200
gallon $300
regularly $1 bot., $4 gaL
Appropriate for tne season, price
and goods both all right.
Cocktails bot. 75c
regularly $1. our make.
Martini Manhattan Gin,
Vermouth, Old Tom Gin, Whiskey,
purest ingredients, aged in glass.
Champagnes , v
Quarts, case $3240; pints, case 20. 4
Quarts, bot. $2 70; pints, bot. $142^.
All the high-grade brands.
Sweet wines 35c
3 bots. $1 00
Angelica, muscatel, malaga, sherry,
':;.' port.
Dessert fruits sliced tin 10c
3 tins 25c
Very good.
Candy lb. 30c
French mixed bonbons and choco-
lates.
Everard beer
regularly qts $2 25 $2 00
regularly pints $150 $1 25
Everard " Alf and Alf"
pints $i 35
regularly $1 75.
Cigars
None have greater variety, none sell
r:?so low, none can sell better.
Men Jike them for pif'.s.
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
J|||l| dSThmrs
'B^Sil OFFICE FURNITURE J
|UHBeS|I m M™^ 638-640 Mission St. \ A
OOSMOFOLITAW.
Opposite U. S. Mint. tOO anil 102 Fifth M., Sa«
Francisco, Cal.— The most • select - family hotel in
the city. Board and room 91, *1 '-23 and $1 50 per
day, according- to room. Meals 25c Kooxns 30a
Mid 75c a Jay. - free coach to aud from the : hOMt.
ijoon lor the coach bearing the name of the . Oo»»
moboUuu) tioMk WM. k'jL^a X, tt owi* w«.