VOLUME LXXX>^OT 89.
ZANZIBAR
BOMBARDED
British Guns Reduce Said
Khalid's Palace to
Ruins.
SHOT AND SHELL FROM
THE WARSHIPS.
Rebels Stand by Their Guns at
the Forts and Piuckily
Return the Fire.
SOLDIEES AITD MARIHES CAP
TUBE THE CITY.
The Usurping Sultan and His Ad
herents Seek Asylum in the
German Consulate.
ZANZIBAR, Aug. 27.— Tne ualaceof the
usurping Sultan, Said Khalid, to-night is
in rains and Said Khalid and his ad
herents are domiciled in the German con
s_.i:e.
Esmond, a cousin of the late Sultan,
has been proclaimed successor to the sul
tanate. The guns of the British warship*
Thrush, Sparrow and Raccoon were
?d upon the palace this morning,
wUen Said Khalid. in response to the de
mand that he surrender, refused to com
ply with vhe terms of tne English ulti
matum.
Shot and shell poured from the men-cf
■ad the walls of the palace crumbled
before it. The Custom-house was the
next prominent oui.ding to receive the at
tention of the gunners, and in a short
time it was a mass of smoldering ruins.
The steamer Glasgow, which was owned
by the late Sultan and which carried a
number of guns, was then sunk by the
warships. Ail on board the Glasgow were
rescued by boats from the bombarding
ships. Among them was a large number
of .sailors and marines who baa been
wounded. Many of the British residents
boarded the warships lying in the harbor
before 'he bombardment began, all of the
ladies rating refuge upon the Si. George,
the flagship 'of Rear- Admiral Harry H.
Hawson, but a large number of Europeans
remained on shore.
Most of the rebels stood to their guns
piuckily and fought well, though after the
first broadside was fired from the warships
a number of the defenders of the palace
fed to tie outskirts of iLe town, where
many robberies were committed.
Several Indian soldiers were tilled dur
ing the fight. The Tbruah was hit s:x:y
two times and the Raccoon sixteen times
by shots from the guns of tne rebels.
The loss to Said Khaiid's force wa« very
heavy, but the exact rumoer of the killed
and wounded is not known. The only
casualty on the British side was the
serious injuring of one seaman. So ma
terial damage was sustained by the British
war vessels.
» followers of Said Khalid w-re sta
tioned behind barricades and kept up a
steady Sre upon the British sodiers and
marines until their positions were carried.
A force of British marines with 4CO loyal
Zanzibaris held the main road, while
other sailors and marines brought in the
prisoners and collected the dead for
burial.
Said Khai:d's confidence is said to have
been strengrhed by re-enforcements from
the slavp dealers in the interior, who were
afraid that should England assume con
trol they would lose possession of their
property, estimated at a quarter of a mil
lion slaves, and also of the prevention of
further traffic in human fiesn in this
portion of Africa.
All the roads leading from Zanzibar are
patrolled by British marines and loyal
Zanzibaris, and many engagements were
had between the Seeing rebels and the
sold cry.
To-night the island is under the author
ity of Admiral Rawson, and he will so act
Zanzibar, the Scene of the Bombardment by British Warships. This View Shows
the Aristocratic Portion t - of the City
[From an old uoodcut tn Harper's Magazine.]
t
The San Francisco Call.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORXIXG, AUGUST 28, 1896.
until he receives further instructions trom
the borne Government.
ADMIRAL RAMSON'S ACCOUNT.
Bombards tHe Palae* Because the
V-*trper Refuses to Surrender. ■
LONDON. Eire.. Aug. 27.— Admiral
Rawson t»is afternoon tetegrapbed the
foJiowing to the Admiralty Office:
"I issued an ultimatum at 7 o'clock
this morning calling upon the usurper to
. haul down his flag and surrender to me
and directing his followers to pile tbeir
arms and leave the palace before 9 o'clock.
■or otherwise it would be bombarded. In
; stead of complying he commenced increas
■ ing his fort:ucation% and his corvette
trained her guns on my squadron. I
opened fire at 9on the palace and on the
corvette, which promptly replied.
•'I ceased firing at 9:40, when the cor
vette was sunk, ail the guns were silenced
and the usurpers yielded to tne German
Consul. Hamoud has been appointed Sul
tan. The enemy's loss was heavy. Only
a petty officer of the gunboat Thrush wa3
wounded.
AMERICAN'S SHE ALL SAFE.
Advices Front a Consul to the State De
partment.
WASHINGTON!, D. C, Aug. 27.— The
Department of State received the follow
ing cablegram this morning from Dorsey
B. Mohan, the United States Consul a:
Zanzibar: "Khalid Bin Bargash refusing
to surrender, the palace was bombarded
by the English fleet at 9 o'clock this morn-,
ing and completely destroyed. Many
were killed. £naiid took refuge at the
German consulate. Afterward Hamoud
was proclaimed Sultan. All Americans
are safe."
ENGLAND'S BOLD CRAB.
By Taking Advantage of Political
Strife at Zanzibar Control Is Se
cured of a Sultanate.
The city of Zanzibar lies near the middle
of the west coast of the island of the same
name, it is the largest place on the whole
•eaooard of Africa, except perhaps Al
giers, Tunis and Alexandria. As ap
proached by sea it presents a very picas
' ing view, with huge white houses, bar
; racks and fort*, with their great round
I towers— all backed by high wooded hilis,
,! which to the south riit to the height of
6GO to 10CO feet. The greater portion of
Uncle Sam: "When it's too much for the jackass how can you expect me to enjoy it?' 1
the city, however, back from the water
front, consists of dense masses of hovels,
among wfci-h wind dirty narrow street?,
or ra:her lanes. Until lately the city was
very unhealthy, for Europeans especially,
but a recently constructed aqueduct won
derfally improved the health and cleanli
ness of tbe place, and the number of for
eigners, especially Europeans, has largely
increased within the last few years; Tbe
city proper, called Shangani, is situated
en a neck of land which lies hieh in the
southern part and runs away to a low
sandy point to the nortnwest.
All the larger and better class of build
ings, including the palace and most of tbe
European residences, are in the southern
part of the city. A salt lagoon, barely
covered :n places at low tide, separates
the western part, or city proper, from its
ea-tern suburD, which is inhabited Dy the
svrah:!:. s.aves and fishermen.
At a distance of three or four hundred
yards from tne city there is fine anchor
aee for the largest ocean steamera and
men-of-war, which is always occupied by a
greater or less number of vessels. Several
lines of steam pickets from Suez, India,
tne Mauritius, Reunion, Madagascar and
the Castle line from the Cape cah regu
larly at Zanzibar. A number of trading
vessels are a. so own^ in the city by the
Suitan himself and European merchants.
The city already has many of the con
. veniences of tbe larger European ports,
such as a drydock. machine-shops, foun
dries and boiler-yards. The harbor and
; waier front are lighted by electricity. A
i number of factories for making sugar and
extract; ne cocoanut oil have been erected,
principally by wealthy Arabs, who lead in
a., trade matters.
The Americans have long enjoyed a
large proportion of the trade with Zanzi
bar, as they were the first western nation
to make a treaty of commerce with tbe
i Sultan, and the advantage thus gained
j they have continued to hold. Most of the
Europeans living on the island are either
i engaged in speculating in the products
| from the mainland or are connected with
the shipping interests.
As traders they cannot compete with
the'r Arab rivals for the trade of the
ma.nland and witn India.
Up to 1373 the local merchants
generally engaged to a greater or
less extent in the slave trade and from
12,000 to 15.000 negroes were annually ex
ported to the cities along the Persian and
i Arabian coasts. The trade in slaves is
j entirely prohibited on the island itself,
but those already in bondage have not been
j emancipated.
LIBERAL, BUT INHARMONIOUS.
Until . lately the . Arabs were the po it
caiiy dominant race as well as the landed
proprietors and many of them were very
wealthy, living like great lords on their
plantations.' . ; " "■'sy'l'-'-Z?* '"' -
, Buy a mayo on the mainland opposite the i
island is * outlet f©,- aM tir* country .
behind it ha way across the continent, j
but is merely regarded* as a Jane trig place
from Zanzibar. ' . -' '
In the present instance, as in 1883. when
the Sultan, Aii Bio Said, died, the British
were prepared to make tbe most of tbe
situation :n their own interest, and unless
European intervention is had Zanzibar
will in future be classed as a British pos
session in narre as it has been in fact
since ISPL
The declaration of Said Khalid, the
claimant of the throne, that be would die
before he wonld surrender shows that he
despairs of getting justice at tbe bands of
the English, who seem inclined to let his
succession to the throne lapse and take
over tne heirship to themselves. With
Mohammedan dynasttes the rule of suc
cession differs from that prevailine in
European countries, the legal .heir to a va
cant throne being not the son but the
brother, it there be sued, of the late occu
pant.
This rule gave tbe English the oppor
tunity they desired. When AH Bin Said
died in ISS3, his brother Abdul Azts, who
lived in Muscat, in Yemen, Arabia, was
tbe rientful heir, but ne did not suit the
views of the English Government as be
would have reunited Zanzibar with Ye
men, as they were prior to 1856, and keep
it independent of European control.
Two other claimants. Kali Brugash, son
of Ah Bin Said, and Hamoud Mohammed,
a cousin, made efforts to seize the throne.
The English Consul-Genera!, Rennell
Rodd, cailed on Captain Campbell of the
British cruiser Philomel, then waiting in
the harbor, and 250 sailors and marines
were landed, backed by whom Mr. Rodd
proclaimed not the son nor the cousin nor
the MuscaW brother Sultan, but a grand
nephew of Aii Bin Said. Hamid Bin Ha
wann, who §eem< d to have been entirely
willing to follow the role of figurehead
marked out for him.
His death brings Khalid forward as
claimant again, but the likelihood is that
neither he nor any one else will be chosen
to play a part, bat in future the Govern
ment will be in name as it has been for
some years in tbe past, in ract. vested in
the British representative. When Eng
land turned her attention to that part of
the world a few years ago the Sultanate of
Zanzibar extended from the Rovum
R.ver north to Cape Guardafui, and in
definitely into the interior of Africa. In
1836 it was delimited to a strip ten miles
wide along tbe coast as far north as Ka
pini and a fear stations further up. Then
in 1391 the Enelisn banished the Sultan
from tbe mainland to the islands of
Zanzibar and Pimba, and in 1593 took
practical control of that remnant.
This is entirely in accord with the gen
eral plan England has had in view for
years pas: of controlling tbe lake region
o! Africa. The completion of the Mom
basa Uganda Railroad now under con
struction will confirm the possession of
that whole country to Great Britain.
GOMEZ MAY RETALIATE.
Butcheries Committed by Spanish Forces
Thhi Must Be Checked in Some
Manner.
NEW YORK, y.Y., Aug. 27.— Maximo
Gomez, Commander-in-chief of the Cuban
rebel army, writes to Thomas Estrada
Pal ma at the Cuban junta in part as fol
lows:
"I am of the opinion that the Spanish
Government has accomplished compar
atively little during the summer cam
paign, and I expect they will be able
to accomplish little more during the
coming winter campaign, even if one
hundred tflousand re-enforcements are
brought over from Spain. A larse por
tion of them are indeed needea to cover
the losses they have already sustained
and have still to sustain.
"I bad made up my mind not to take
any extremely severe measures aeaiast
the Spanish troops, but they are com
mitting such atrocities, as. for instance,
around Guantanamo, where they re
cently butchered all the ill and wounded
Cubans, and even women, in one of our
hospitals, that I may soon, if things do
not change, have to adopt (much against
mv w;li) severe measures of punishment
for such depredations."
CONSTANTINOPLE QUIET.
Hundreds Killed During the
Rioting, but Peace Is Now
Restored.
Seix»rs of the 0 toman Bank to Be
Bacisaed Frcm the Domain of
the Sultan.
LONDON, Esq., Aug. 27.— The Times
to-morrow will print a dispatcn from Con
stantinople dated to-lay saying that
many hundreds were killed in the rioting
which beean tnere yesterday afternoon.
The city, the dispatch says, is more qniet,
but the excitement is intense and almost a
panic prevails. The shops are all closed.
CONSTANTINOPLE. TnutEY, 'Aug.
27. — ihe party of men who yesterday
forced their *7«y into the Ottoman Bank,
killing the gendarmes who were on guard
Map of the Island of Zanzibar, and the Rich Lake Region of Africa That Great
Britain Seeks to Control.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
at the entrances to the building, surren
dered this morning and were lodged in
prison.
No Europeans were injured during the
fight which took place between the seizers
of the bant; and the police, or in the out
oreaks which occurred in various parts of
Galata. The city is gradually becoming
quiet. The persons arrested in connexion
with the seizure of the bank number
twenty-five. They will M banished.
BERLIN, Gebuasy, Aug. 27.— The Vos-
sische Zeitung's correspondent in Con
stantinople represents the outbreak of
yesterday as a eene-al "massacre, and says
many hundreds of corpses are lying in the
streets, and that a Turkish moD attacked
the houses of Armenian inhabitants. The
Porte' s official account of the affair says
that after th • seizure of tbe Ottoman Bank
the Armenians sbowered bombs into tbe
stree:3 from the roof* and windows of tbe
bank aad other buildings, killing a great
many pas-ers-by. Among tfce persona
who were thus kiiled were four ladies.
PARIS. Fbaxck. Aug. 27.— The directors
of the Ottoman Bank in Galata, the busi
ness center of Constantinople, have wired
the business manager of the bank's Paris
office that the disturbance which occurred
there as: evening, when the bank was at
tacked and seized by. an armed band of
ricfe-s, are ended, and that everything is
well with tbe bank and auiet in the city,
thanks to t..e energetic action of the
Sultan.
Czar Meets Emperor.
VIENNA, Austria, Aug. 27.— Tne Em
peror and Empress of Russia arrived here
this morning. Their Majesties were met
at the station and we.corned by Emperor
Francis Joseph, Empress E izabeth and a
n'imber of archdukes and archduchesses.
HARRISON'S
VOICE HEARD
Ringing Address of the Ex-
President Before a Big
Audience.
REPUBLICAN PRINCIPLES
ABLY EXPOUNDED.
Defiance Is Trumpeted to the
Anarchistic Enemies of
Sound Money.
INTTGBITY OF THE PEOPLE TO
BE MAINTAINED.
To Prevent Commercial Distress and
National Dishonor, Bryan Mast
Be Def ated.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 27.-Carnegi«
Hal! was crowded to tbe doors to-night
with an enthusiastic audience that had
gathered to hear ex-Presideut Harrison
discuss the issues of the campaign. The
occasion was a big Republican rally, held
under tbe auspices of the Republican State
Committee. Hon. Chauncey M. Depew
presided ar.d delivered a stirring address,
as diii President David T. H:li of the
Rochester University. A host *of Re
publicans of National repute occu
pied seats on tbe platform and in the
audience. Among them were Chairman
Mark A. Hanna, National Committeemen
Clayton, Scott and Osborne; Cornelius N.
Bliss. ex-Secretary of Si»ie John W. Fos
ter, Governor Ltppitt of Rhode Island T.
Jefferson Coolidrs of Boston, guberna
torial candidate Frank S. Black and ex-
Postic aster-General Wanamaker. Mrs.
Harrison, wife of the ex-Pre^i tetu, was in
attendance, and with a party of friends
occupied a box.
Much re-ret was expressed by tbe com
mittee in of the affair that
Madison-square Garden bad not been se
cured for the meeting. The committee
had no idea when the meeting was de
cided upon that the paMic interest in it
would be so widespread, and Carnegie
Hall, which seats 3100, was secured. Thej
believed at tbe tin c this hall would meet
all requirements, but it was not long "be
fore they learned they were nmtacen.
Applications for tickets poured in upon
them until they reached the enormous
total oi 30.000.
Promptly at 6:30 o'clock the doors of tbe
hall were thrown open, and soon a steady
stream of peop.e was fifing into the place.
Tae police, profiting by their experience
at the great Bryan and Cockran demon
strations, aad made almost perfect ar
rangements, and there was no crowding
or pushing whatever.
The hall and stage were beautifully
decorated wi;h tbe National colors and the
effect was most pleasing to the eye. The
speakers' dais was handsomely draped in
the National colors, and in tbe rear of the
staee were portraits of McKiniey and
Hobart amid a mass of red, white and
blue.
By the speakers' dais on a signboard
were the names "McKiniey and Ho
bart" in raised gold letters. The Seventb
Rerimtnt Baud furnished instrumental2
music and a glee club s?ng Campaign
Bons;s written for the occasion. The list
of vice-presidents of the meeting con
tained the names of many men well
known in many walks of life.
Republicans of note as they came in
and were recognized by the crowd were
heartily applauded. The crowd at other
times kept its enthusiasm at a high pitch
by some of its members asking, "What's
the matter with McKinley?" or "Harri-
Bon?" or "Platt?" orother prominent men
of the party. The answer always was to tb»
effect that the particular individual men
tioned was "all right," followed by vocifer
ous cheers.
Tt was just 7:40 o'clock when ex-Presi
dent Harrison entered t.be hall. His well
known figure was immediately recognized
and the audience to a man rose to its feet
and cheered again and again. Mr. Harri
son looked exceedingly well and smiled as
he bowed his thanks for his cordial recep
tion. Chauncey M. Depew came in ten
minutes after the ex-President and another
noisy demonstration followed. "What's
the matter with our Chauncey?" shouted
one admirer of the popular orator, and a
roar of "He's all right" followed the
query. Mr. Dep?w advanced to the speak
ers' table and called toe meeting to order.
It was just 7:55 and Mr. Depew was again
received with cheers. He at once began
his speecli and was listened to with close
attention.
Mr. Depew was frequently interrupted
with applause and laughter. In bringing
out a point against silver he said that Mr.
Bryan would rather be with Mexico than
Europe. A voice interrupted him with
the remark: "Why don't he go?" This
sally was received with applause and
laughter, which was repeated with great
force when Mr. Depew replied, "He will
later on."
Mr. Depew spoke for twenty-five min
utes and then introduced ex-President
Harrison, who was received with an out
burst of cheering which lasted several
minutes. Mr. Harrison was at once at
ease with his audience. He began his ad
dress in a low clear voice, but as he pro
ceeded be warmed to bis subject and his
voice grew in volume. He said :
Ladies and gentlemen: I am on the Repub
lican retired list, not by reason of any age
limit nor by the plea of any convention, but
that the younger men might have a chance
and that I might have a rest. [Laughter.]
But I am not a soured or disappointed or bed
ridden citizen. My interest in my country
did not cease when my last salary cheek was ■
cashed. [Laughter and app'aase.] I hoped to
get relief from official duties — retirement from
the arena of political debate. But the gentle
men having in charge this campaign seemed
to think I In some way might advance the In
terests of those principles which are not less
dear to me than they are to you, by making !
here in'this great city a pubic address. [Ap- |
plau3e.[ I thought they greatly magnified the j
importance of anything that I could say, but I I
could not quite content myself to subordinate
what others thought to be a public duty to my
private convenience. [Applause.]
I am here to-night not to make a "keynote"
speech, but only to express my personal views j
for which no one else will be in any measure •
responsible. [Applause.] For this speech has
not been submitted to the judgment of any
one until now. [Applause.] I shall speak, my
fellow citizens, as a Repub ican [Cries of
"Good"] but with perfect respect to those who |
hold differing opinions. Indeed I have never
had so much respect for Democrats as now
[Applause], or perhaps I should say I never
had so much respect for so many Democrats as
I have now. [Applause.] That party has once
more exhibited its capacity to be ruptured,
and a party that cannot be split is a public
menace. When the leaders of a party assem
bled in convention depart from its traditional
principles and advocate doctrines that threaten
the integrity ot the Government, the social or
der of our communities tnd the security and '■■
soundness of our finance, it ought to split, and j
it dignifies itself when it does split.
A bolt from any party is now and then a j
most reassuring Incident and was never more |
reassuring and never had better cause than i
now. [Applause and cries of "You're right."] j
But these Democratic friends who are dis-l
posed, more or less directly, to help the cause >
of sound finance in this campaign ought not !
to expect that the Republican party will reor- !
ganize itself because the Democratic party
has disorganized Itself. [Laughter and ap
plause.] The Republican party, the Repub
lican voter, if sound money triumphs, as I be
lieve it will, must in the nature of things con
stitute the body of the successful army. We
ought not, therefore, be asked to do anything
that will affect the solidity, the loyalty, the
discipline or the enthusiasm of the Republican
party. [Applause; a voice, "Nobody going!
out." This referred to the Bryan meeting in j
Madison-square, Garden and was greeted with
applause.]
The Republican party confronts the destruc
ticnists and trumpets its defiance to the ene
mies of sound money. It will fight, however,
without covering any of the glorious mottoes
and inscriptions that are upon this banner.
[Applause.] When the house is on fire — and
many of our Democratic friends believe that to
be the present Democratic situation— the ten- '
ant on the top floor ought not to ask the ten
ant in the basement to bury any of his opin
ions before he joins the tire brigade, and so'
our Democratic friends who realize, as we
realize, the gravity, the far-reaching conse
quences of this campaign, ought not to ask the
Republican party to reorganize itself, to put
aside any of the great principles it has advo
cated in order to win a vote. If the opinion is
sincerely held as they insist, it ought to deter
mine their action for themselves, without ref
erence to what anybody else should do.
And I submit to these gentlemen for whose
opinions I have the highest respect, whether
if it be true, as they say, that the success of
the Chicago nominee would plunge this coun
try into irredeemable commercial distress and
Brag the Nation's honor in the dust, there can
be any question for such gentlemen but this:
"How can we most surely defeat the Chicago
nominee?" [Applause.] Neither conventions
nor committees can create issues nor assign
them to their places as to their importance.
What is the leading issue of a campaign which
most agitates the people?
In my opinion there is no issue presented
by the Chicago convention more important or
vital than the question they have raised of
prostituting the power and duty of the Na
tional courts and National executive. The de
fense of the constitution, of the Supreme Court
of the United States and of the President's
power and duty to enforce all of the laws of
the United States without awaiting the call or
consent of the Governor of any State is an im
portant and living issue in this campaign.
[Applause.] Tariff and coinage will be of little
moment if our constitutional Government is
overthrown. When we have a President who
believes that it is neither his right nor his
duty to see that mail trains are not obstructed
and that interstate commerce has its free way,
irrespective of State lines and State courts,
who fears to use our ancient and tamiliar
power to restrain and punish law-breakers,
free trade and free silver will be appropriate
accompaniments of such an administration,
and cannot add appreciably to the National
distress or the National dishonor. [Applause.]
There is only one rule by which we can live
peacefully as a Nation or peacefully as cit
izens. It !fi the rule of legislation legally en
acted and entorced by the judical tribune ap
pointed by the coustitution. When it be
comes the rule that violence carries its end we
have anarchy, a condition as destructive to
honest labor and its rewards as death is to th»
human body. [Applause.] The atmosphere
of the Chicago convention was surcharged
with the spirit of revolution. Its platform
was carried and its nominations made with
accompanying incidents of frenzy that startled
the onlookers and amazed the whole country.
The courts and the President were arraigned
for enforcing the laws, and government by
mob was given preference over government by
law, enforced by the courts' decrees and by
executive orders.
The spirit that exhibited itself In this con
vention was so wild and strangely enthused
that Mr. Bryan himself likened it to the zeal
that possessed the crusaders when they re
sponded to the impflssioned appeals of Peter
the Hermit, to rescuo the eepulcber of our
Lord from the hands of the infidels. [Ap
plause.] He told us that his silver crusade
had arrayed father against son and brother
against brother, and sundered the bonds of
love. Senator Hill, watching the strange pro
ceeding, had to extend that brief political code
from which he has gained so much renown.
He felt compelled to say, "I am a Democrat,
but I am not a revolutionist."
Now, my friends, all these things indicate
the temper in which that platform was
adopted and the spirit that prompted the
nominations that were made. There was no
calm deliberation, there was frenzy. There
was no thoughtful searching for the man who
from experience was most able to direct public
affairs. There was an impulsive response to
an impassioned speech that selected the nomi
nee. Not amid such surroundings as that ; not
under such influences are these calm, discreet
things clone that will commend themselves to
the judgment of the American people. [Ap
plause.]
They denounce in their platform interfer
ence by Federal authorities in local affairs
as a violation of the constitution and a crime
against free institutions. Mr. Tiilman in his
speech approved this declaration. It was in
tended to be in words a direct condemnation
of Mr. Cleveland as President for using the
power of the Executive to brush out of the
wny every obstacle to the free passage of the
mail trains of the United States and inter
state commerce, and, my friends, whenever our
people approve the choice of a President who
believes he must ask Governor Altgeld or any
other Governor of any other State permission
to enforce the laws of the United States, we
have surrendered the victory we won in 18<il.
[Applause.] Once we were asked and a grave
question was raised whether the United States
could pass troops through Kentucky to meet a
rebel army in Tennessee.
My friends, this constitutional question, this
division between the general and local au
thorities, is a plain and easy one. A dis
turbance which is purely local in a State is a
State affair. The President cannot send troops
or lend any aid unless the Legislature calls
upon him for help, or the Governor if the
Legislature is not in session. But when a law
of the United States is invaded and broken it
is the sworn duty of the President to execute
It, and this convention arraigns the President
for doing what his oath compelled him to do.
[Applause.] Comrades of the great war for
the Union, sons of those who went out to battle
that the flag might not lose its luster, will we
consent after these years [cries of "No!"] that
that doctrine which was shot to death in the
great war shall be revived and macie victorious
In a civil campaign? [Cries of "No 1"]
But this assault does not end there. The
Supreme Court of the United States and the
Federal lower courts are arraigned because
they used the familiar writ of injunction to
suppress violence, to restrain men from break
ing the law, and that platform plainly means
that the Democratic policy was that when the
Supreme Court, exercising its constitutional
power and duty, gave an interpretation to a
law of the United States that was not pleasinsr
to Congress they would increase the number
of Judges and pack the court to get a decision
to please them. [Applause.]
Mr. Hill said in his speech of this assault on
the courts: "That provision, if it means any
thing, means that it is the duty of Congress to
reconstruct the Supreme Court of the country.
It means"- and now note his words, and it
was openly avowed it means — "the adding of
additional members to it, or the turning
out of office and reconstructing the whole
court. I will not follow any such revolutionary
step as that."
You are to answer then, my fellow-citizens,
in all the gravity of a great crisis, whether
you will entertain a party who propose to de
stroy the balance which our fathers instituted
iv our system of government, and whenever a
tumultuous Congress disagrees with the Su
preme Court and a subservient President is in
the White House, that the judgment of the
court shall be reconsidered and reversed by
increasing the number of judges aud racking
the court with men who will decide as Con
gress wants them to.
I do not intend to spend any time in the dis
cussion of the tariff question. That debate
has been won [npp'.ause], and need not be pro
tracted. It might run on eternally upon the
atrical lines. We have had some experiences,
but they were historical and remote, and not
very instructive to this generation. We needed
an experience of our own, and we have had it.
[Applause.] It has been a hard lesson, but a
very convincing one, and everybody was In
the schoolhouse when it was given him. A
panic in 1893 of most extraordinary character
has been succeeded by a general drying up,
less and less, until universal business distrac
tion aud anxiety prevails over all of our com
munity. I do not believe there has been a
time, except perhaps in the very heat of some
active panic, when universal business fear and
anxiety and watchfulness even to the point of
depression has characterized this great me
tropolis as it does to-day. [Applause.]
What has brought it about? Gentlemen,
who is there to deiend the Wilson tariff bill?
Who says it is a good measure? (A voice, "No
body.") Ido not believe that a candidate can
be found to Bay that it is. Mr. Cleveland re
pudiated it. It was so bad that he could not
attach his official signature to it, and it be
came a law without it. He said it was full of
incongruities and inequalities.
What has been the result of that measure?
Our manufacturers, left without adequate pro-
tection, have been successively and gradually
closing up and putting out their fires. But
not only has this produced such an effect, but
It has practically contributed to the financial
depression that we are in.
The maintenance of the gold reserve up to
$100,000,000 by the Government for the re
demption of our notes was essential to confi
dence in the stability of our finances. When
Government reserve runs down people begin
at once to say : "We may come to a silver basis
if gold is going out." How can you keep a
gold reserve of $100,000,000 when you have
not $100,000,000 in the treasury all told?
How can you maintain this gold reserve for re
demption of notes when you have an annual
and continuous deficit and your income not
equal to your expenses?" So that, my fr'ends,
thi3 tariff bill has not only contributed by in
creasing importation, by taking away the
needful support for our own manufactures,
but it has contributed in the way of increas
ing thesilver scare to bring us into the pres
ent condition of distrust and dismay which
now prevails. [Applause.]
But I did not intend to follow that question
further. I am quite as much opposed to
cheapening the American workingman and
workingwoman as I am to cheapening our
dollars. [Applause.] I am quite as strongly
in favor of keening days' work at home as lam
gold dollars. [Applause.] If It could be
known to-night that the gallant soldier, that
typical American, that distinguished and use
ful statesman, William McKinley of Ohio [ap
plause], would certainly be elected President,
how the bears would take to cover on the
Stock Exchange to-morrow 1
My friends, as a Republican I am proud of
many things, but I can sura up as the highest
satisfaction I have had in the party and its
career that the prospect of Republican success
never did disturb business. [Applause.] In
connection with this financial matter do we all
realize how important the choice of a Presi
dent is ? Do you know, that as the law is now,
without the passage of any free coinage of
silver at ah it is in the power of the President
to bring the business of this country to a silver
basis ? All that he has to do is to let the gold
reserve go, to pay out silver when men ask for
gold, and we are there already.
It ■is only because the i Presidents ot the
United States that we have had and the one
we have now have regarded it under the law
as his public duty to maintain the gold basis
maintaining that parity between our silver
and gold coins which, the law declares is the
policy of the Government— and because he has
the courage to execute ; the powers given to
him ;by the resumption act to carry out that
declaration of public law— that we are on
a \ gold basis " to-day., I undertake, there
fore, to say that if Mr. Bryan or a man holding
his views were in the Presidential chair with
out anr legislation by Congress we should be
on a silver basis In a week's time. [Applause.]
Three op four years ago when I : was in New
York some one of l these reporters who ■ some
times hear things that are not intended for
them j got hold of a remark of mine I about the
wild horses that Mr. : Cleveland had to handle,
and ■I ; simply meant >by 1 that ; what has been
since demonstrated,! that he did not ha-'e a
compact or solidified party behind; him; that
the Democratic party in Congress represented
every shade of every ism i that has .'ever been
propounded la the country, and that he could
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
The New Cruiser Brooklyn, the Greatest Naval Vessel of Its Class in the "World, Having: MacJe
an Average Record of 21.92 Knots an Hour and Shorter Spurts of 22.9 Knots.
not manage it. My prophecy has become a
verity. They have left him. They abandoned
him and now, as that caution was meant to
indicate that we needed to look out after our
Congress us well as our President, this caution
is intended to show you at this time that we
need to look after our President if we would
avoid the calamity of having this country put
upon the Mexican basis of money.
The silver question— what is it? Do you
want silver because you want more money, a
larger circulating medium? I have not heard
anybody say so. Mr. Bryan is net urging it
upon that basis? If anybody was to seek to
give that as a reason tor wanting free silver ho
would be very soon confounded by the state
ment that free silver would put more gold out
of circulation than the mints of the United
States couid possibly bring in in years of sil
ver tnd that instead of having more money we
would have less. [Applause.] With our six
hundred and odd millions of gold driven out
of circulation we will reduce the per capita
money of this country eight and nine dollars.
Bo it is not for more money. We have an
abundant supply of circulating medium — gold,
silver, National bank notes, greenbacks, treas
ury notes, fractional silver.
We have something like $23 per capita of
our population. What is it then that creates
this demand for silver? It i» openly avowed.
It is not more dollars but cheaper dollars that
are wanted.
It ia a lower standard of value that they are
demanding. They say gold has gone up un\il
it has ceased to be a proper standard of value,
and they want silver. But how do they want
it? Now, my friends, there is a great deal of
talk about bimetallism and the double stan
dard and a great deal of confusion in the use
of those terms. Bimetallism is the use ol the
two metals as money where they are both
used. By a double standard they mean that
we shall have a gold dollar and a silver dollar,
which shall be a unit of value, by which all
property and all wages and everything is to be
measured.
Now our fathers thought that when they
used these two metals in coinage they must
determine the intrinsic relative value of the
two, so that a comparison of the markets of
the world* woiild show just what relation one
ounce of silver bore to one ounce of gold ; how
many ounces of silver it took to be equal to
one ounce of gold in the markets of tbe world
where gold and silver were used— and they
carefully went about ascertaining that.
Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton
gave their great powers to the determination
of that question, and they collected the mar
ket reports and they studied with all their
power that question, and when they had
lound what appeared to be the general and
average relative value of these two metals
they fixed upon a ratio between them.
Now, what was the object of all that? Why
did they lump it all? Because they fully un
derstood that unless these dollars were of the
same Inherent intrinsic value that both of
them could not be standards of value and both
could not circulate. [Applause.] Why, every
boy knows that it Is essential that the length
of his stilts Delow tbe tread shall be the same.
[Laughter.] It is an old law proclaimed years
ago in England by Gresham, that the cheaper
dollar drives the better out. [Applause.] It
has been illustrated in the history of every
commercial nation in the world, and anybody
of half sense could see why it is so.
As things are now the silver dollars that we
have are supported by the Government, and
the Government that supports this silver
bullion has issued these dollars on its own
account — not for tbe mine-owner — and it has
pledged its sacred honor it would make every
one of these silver dollars as good as a gold
dollar. [Great applause] And that is power
ful support. Our Populistic frlendß propose
that the man who digs silver out of the mines
may bring it to the mint and have it stamped
aud handed back to him as a dollar, the Gov
ernment having no responsibility about it.
These men would reject with contempt the
proposition that free coinage was to come with
a pledge on behalf of the Government to maiu
the parity of two dollars.
But this feeling ii well adapted to touch the
prevailing American bumptiousness and well
adapted to touch that prejudice against Eng
land which many have, but can we do this
thing ourselves? Is it a question whether we
will do it or ask somebody's consent whether
we may or ask the co-operation of somebody?
Not at all. I tell you what this Government
can do alone. It can fix its money unit. It
can declare by law what shall be the relative
value of an ounce of gold and an ounce of
silver, but it cannot make that last declara
tion good. [Applause.] It is unquestionably
fully within the power of this Government to
Dring this country to a silver basis by coining
silver dollars and making them legal tender.
They can do that.
This Government can say you shall take
one of those dollars in discharge of any debt
owing to you for a dollar, notwithstanding
you may have loaned gold dollars, but it can
not say and enforce its decree— if it should
call out the regular army, our navy and mus
ter our great modern ships and the militia and
put William J. Bryan in command of them— it
cannot enforce the decree that one ounce
of gold is the equivalent of sixteen ounces of
silver. [Great applause and cheers.] Notonlv
that, not France and England and Germany
can do that unless the markets respond. [Ap
plause.] We can of ourselves, of our own wis
dom, declare the unit of value. We can coin
silver freely, but we cannot make sixteen
ounces of silver equal to one ounce of gold un
less it is. [Applause.] And it is not unless the
merchants take it at that rate.
What is the next suggestiou? It is, my
friends, in the case of free silver what is the
financial and moral equivalent of a declara
tion that 50-cent pieces are dollars. They
might just as well pass a law that fifty cents is
a dollar. That would not make it so, would it?
But it would be a legal dollar, but it would not
buy a dollar's worth of anything. What is the
effect of that? The merchant would take care
of himself. A man keeps a store down here
on Broadway and that law is going into opera
tion to-night. He summons all his clerks and
buys 25 cents worth of pencils and before he
opens bis store in the morning he has marked
up his goods to the new scale. He oan do all
that, but there are great numbers of people,
numberless people who enlist our interests and
some of whom enkindle our sympathies who
cannot use the pencil.
Take the work of a man. He cannot go to
the payroll with a pencil and mark it up. He
has got to consult somebody. He has to enter
into an argument. He has got to get some
other man's consent before he can mark up
his wages. Then there is the pensioner, those
that are receiving pensions lrom the Govern
ment for gallant deeds done in the war and
others from the loss of beloved ones. He can
not take his pension certificates, and when it
reads $8 make it read $16. He must wait for
an appeal to Congress, and a Congress that is
populistic in character would be unsympa
thetic. [Applause.] Take the men who have
life insurance. Can they, where the policy
reads $5000, make it read $10,000? Ko. Cau
the managers of these institutions make it
light with them? This policy coerces integ
rity. [Applause.]
Take the laboring man; how full of sympa
thy they are for him. My countrymen, I never
spoke a false word to the laboring man in my
life. [Applause.] I have never sought to
reach his vote or influence by appeals to that
part of his nature that will pollute the intel
lect and the conscience. I have believed and
I believe to-day that any system that main
tains the prices of labor in this country, that
brings hone into the life of the laboring man
that enables him to put by, is the policy that
should be our American policy. [Applause.] I
have resisted in many campaigns this idea
that a debased currency could help the work
ingman. The first dirty errand that a dirty
dollar does is to cheat the workingmen.
Mr. Harrison quoted the statistical re
sults of the Senate committee, which in
1890 made inquiries as to tbe relative
prices of commodities and wages at differ
ent periods, particularly during the war,
end his deduction .was that they found
that the most enormous disparity between
the advance of the cost of living and the
advance in wages in exactly with what
we would conclude in advance. Continu
ing, he said:
I have sketched very hastily some of the
evils that will result from this change to a de
based dollar— a contraction of our currency T>y
the exporting of our gold and a readjustment
of the whole thing. Now, who will get any
benefit? Well, the man who owes a debt that
be contracted upon a silver basis ana is able
to pay it with a 50-cent dollar. He and the
mine-owner who gets an exaggerated price
for the products of his mint are the only two
people or classes of people that I can see that
would have any benefit out of it.
The many telling points in General
Harrison's speech which he brought out
with unusual emphasis were loudly
cheered. His different humorous refer
ences to Mr. Bryan and the silver theory
won him shouts of laughter.
The general finished at 9:so o'clock amid
great cheers. Three cheers and a tiger
were then given for the ex- President, fol
lowed by three more for McKinley.
Chairman Depew, in a f^w appropriate
words, then introduced David J. Hill,
president of the Rochester University. He
spoke briefly.
There were loud cries for Hobart. Mr.
, Depew stopped the clamor by quickly
saying, "Mr. Ho^bart is not in the hull."
There were calls of "Wannamaker," and
then loud calls for "Harm."
Mr. Hanna at first responded by stand-
ing iv his box and bowing, but renewed
calls decided the National chairman to
speak his thanics for the gathering. He
said: "In response to your kind invita
tion I think it is but proper to say that tbe
keynote has been sounded and that the
campaign is now wide open." Cheers of
approval rang out as Mr. Hanna resumed
his seat.
Cries for Wanamaker decided that gen
tleman to step to the speakers' table and
make a few remarks. The ex-Postmaster
general received a flattering ovation.
Mr. Depew then closed tbe meeting by
proposing three cheers for McKinley,
Hobart and the State ticket, They were
given with a will.
McKINLEY CONGRATULATED.
Compliment* From All Over the Union
on the Lettrr of Acceptance.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 27.— Literally
speaking Major McKinley has been kept
busy most of the day reading dispatches
congratulating him upon his letter of ac
ceptance and listening to the words of
commendation which his Canton friends
and his oat of town callers have poured
into his ears. Borne of the messages are
appended:
H. Clay Evans, Chattanooga, Term.—
Your letter is grandly patriotic and will
find response in every honest heart in the
Nation.
Hon. Curtis Guild Jr. of Boston — A mag
nificent example of clearness, common
sen ae and courage. Every American is
proud of you.
General Powell Clayton — I congratulate
you upon your letter. It is without a flaw
and unanswerable.
Hon. J. H. Manley, Augusta, Me.— Your
le ter is a rrasterpiece. It will give in
spiration to all who believe in the future
of the Republic. I offer you my hearty
congratulations.
Messages were also received from
Colonel A. L. Conger, Akron; S. A. Aller
ton, Charles Q. Dawes, Henry C. Payne,
Colonel John N. Taylor, Chicago; James
R. Hoyt, Cleveland ; A. S. Cole, Tacoaa,
Wash,; J. W. Babcock, W. A. Moore,
Minneapolis; J. V. Painter, Cleveland;
Albert M. Lee, Vicksburg; A. A. Ferris,
Cincinnati, and about 150 others.
Ex-Ccngressman and Mrs. Bellamy
Storer of Cincinnati passed the evening
with Major and Mrs. McKinley.
Chicago Jiank Asniqti*.
CHICAGO, 111., Aue. 27.— The Avenue
Savings Bank at No. 260 Twenty-first street
made an assignment in the county court
this morning to the Title Guarantee Truot
Company.
CLARKSON IS HEARD FROM.
Certain of Victory, but He Will Work
Hard in Joiva.
V CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 27. — James S.
Clarkson of lowa was heard from to-day
at Republican National r headquarters ; for
the first time since the campaign opened.
He has been recovering his £ealth at
Springlake, N. J., and from i that place
wrote to headquarters as follows:
"The ; danger lies in the Mississippi Val
ley and in the fusion of ; all the opposing
elements. Everything East of the Ohio
is solid. The battle-ground is between the
Ohio River ; and i the : Missouri, and the
danger is with the ; bimetallists, who were
at j first afraid s that j the declaration at St.
Louis was a permanent departure toward
single-gold monometallism. With ; the
lree-silver people i J beyond f: the \l Missouri
there is littie or no hope, | but ; with"the
"Dimetallistaof Mississippi Valley there
Is everything to hope for and to work for.
I see no reason why we should not win
and win triumphantly. My health ia re
covering rapidly.
"I expect to go to lowa for a couple of
weeks in October to do whatever I can to
help in my own State. lam certain it is
ail right, but some of the timid ones are
anxious about it and I shall go and do my
duty. lam anxious to have lowa make
as proud a record in support of the fSarty
in this crisis as any State in the Union.''
Committeeman Leland returned from
Kansas. He said the gold Democrats'
strength in his State was surprising the
Bryan followers. Kansas would be Re
publican in November as it was in the
State election of 1894.
Senator Burrows has been assigned to
speak at Pittsburg. Kans., September 9,
and Hutchinson September 10. Senator
Thurston will fill the following appoint
ments on his return from his Eastern
stumping tour: Seymour. Ina., Septem
ber 12; Indianapolis, 14; Chicago, 19;
Columbus, Ohio, 21; Grand Rapids, 23;
Detroit, 25; Omaha, 29; Dcs Moines, 30;
Kansas City, Mo., October 2.
THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS.
They Are Quickly Selected by New Jersey
" Republicans, , : - ■ • ■
TRENTON, N. J.. A,ug. 27—The Repub
lican State Convention to select ten Presi
dential electors was \ held ; to-day, i being
called to order ; at noon by Franklin p.
Murphy, chairman of the State commit
tee. , The organization was effected by the '
selection of Governor Briggs as chairman, 1
who made an eloquent speech for Repub
lican principles. The electors at large ■
and eight district electors were chosen.
The platform adopted is confined to an
indorsement of the principles of the Re
publican party, as enunciated by the St.
Louis convention, and the candidates
named by that body.
BRAZIL'S TROUBLE WITH ITALY.
Rumored Resignations of Two South
American Cabinet Ministers Because
of It.
PARIS, France, Aug. 27.— Advices from
Rio de Janeiro say a rumor is in circula
tion there that Dr. Charles Agusto de Car
valho, Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Dr.
Antonio Gonzales Ferreiva, Minister of
Justice.'have resigned their portfolios, in
consequence of the troubles between Italy
and Brazil.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 27.— A Herald
special from Washington says: State and
Navy Department officials fear there is
danger of a serious rupture between Italy
and Brazil.
NEW PACIFIC LINERS.
Arrival of the Japanese Steamer at
Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Aug. 27.—Yester
day the first steamer of the new line be
tween Japan and Seattle, via Honolulu,
arrived here. She is the Muke-Maru of
abput 5000 tons, but of moderate speed.
This new line is operated by the great
Japanese company known as Nippon
Yusan Kaisha. The Muke-Maru will con
tinue her voyage on the 21st, being due at
Seattle on the 30th.
Public affairs are extremely quiet.
President Dole is rusticating on Maui.
The bulk of the sugar crop has gone
forward.
The excavation of two large docks is
about to be commenced for the accommo
dation of Honolulu's fast-increasing fleet
of ocean steamers.
Kate Field* Will.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 27.— The
effects of the late Miss Kate Field are in
possession of the United States Consul-
General at Honolulu. Therefore a de
mand was recenty made on tbe Secretary
of State for the will of the deceased, be
lieved to be among her effects. The de
partment ruled, however, that tbe Consul-
General shall only be ordered to make a
search ana, if the will is found, to furnish
a copy of it. This being insufficient in ad
ministration, Judge Cox of the Probate
Court to-day appointed George Riddle of
Boston, Mass., collector of the estate.
Fifteen Buildings Burned.
SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich., Aug. 27.—
Fifteen buildings were burned here to-day,
causing a loss of $300,000, half covered by
insurance. The tire started in North
Water street. Among the burned build
inesare: The Zoo National Bank block,
the Prenzelmuer block, Chippewa House,
Cleveland House, Metzger block, Perry
Hotel, postoffice and the United States
customs office, telephone exchange and a
number of wooden structures.
Q-nld Vmmocrats of Alabama.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Aug. 27.— The
Democrats of Alabama who refused to in
dorse Bryan and Sewall met in convention
here to-day. The resolutions severely
criticize the Chicago platform, declare
against free coinage of silver under exist
ing conditions, applaud Grover Cleveland
and favor the nomination of a ticket at
Indianapolis. Ex-Governor Jones, J. M.
Faulkner, S. H. Dent and James Weath
erly were selected as delegates at large to
Indianapolis.
Sau.ialito Delegates.
SAUSALITO. Cal., Aug. 27.— A McKin
ley and Hobart club was organized here
to-night. General J. H. Dickinson was
elected chairman of the meeting and Fred
Raise h secretary. Delegates to the Re
publican County Convention, to be held
in San Rafael, Thursday, September 3,
were appointed as follows: Precinct 1 —
Markley, Bruce, McMillan, Sanderson and
Harmes; Precinct 2— Lindsley, Lawrence
ami Harrold; Precinct 3— Joiiie and
Brown.
Tuba* Sheriff Vies of Cancer.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Aug. 27.— Samuel
E. lnlow/ Sheriff of Yuba County, died at
his home in this «ity at 11 o'clock to-night
after a lingering illness of over a year, due
to cancer in the neck and throat. De
ceased was a rrative of Missouri, aged 60
years. A wife, four daughters and three
sous survive.
GREATEST BOUT
OF ITS CUSS,
Wonderful Speed Displayed
by the New Cruiser
Brooklyn.
NEW WORLD'S RECORD.
A Spurt of 22 g-io Knots At
tained During a Portion
of the Run.
2L92 THE GENERAL AVEEAGE.
By the Great Performance the Cramps
Will Secure a Bonus of Ah cut
V_ $350,000-
BOSTON, Mass., Aug., 27.— The new
cruiser Brooklyn to-day proved herself to be
the greatest naval vessel of its class in tbe
world, by covering a distance of 83 knots
in a continuous run, at an average speed
of 21.92 knots per hour. She still further
showed that she is capable of greater
speed than 21.92 by maintaining an aver
age of 22.9 knots during a portion of the
run.
This latter speed was accomplished in
the run back between the third and fourth
buoys, a distance of about seven knots.
She also between the first and second
buoys on the return, reached the high
average of 22 48-100.
In her run of eighty-three knots she had
a boiler pressure of 160 pounds and an
average of 138 revolutions a minute, with
a maximum of 140 revolutions. By ber
performance she earns for her builders,
the Messrs. Cramp of Philadelphia, a
bonus of at least $350,000, a premium of
$50,000 being allowed for each fail quarter
knot over twenty.
The vessel behaved grandly. The vibra
tion was scarcely felt by those on board at
any time during tbe entire run, though
the engines were, as a matter of course,
■worked to their highest tension through
out.
In addition to the naval inspecting
board, there were on board, besides Cap
tain Sargent, who was iv command, and a
crew of 200, President Charles H. Cramp
and Superintending Engineer Edward S.
Cramp and other representatives of the
firm. >
The course was marked by seven buoys,
at each of which was ancnored a revenue
cutter or lighthouse tender. On these
Aessels were naval engineers, who took ob
servations of the tide conditions, which
will enter into the conclusions of the naval
board in their report of the trial to the
Navy Department.
The cruiser, which had been lying off
Boston light since the preliminary trial of
Monday last, drew in her anchor at about
3:30 o'clock this morning and proceeded
to Cape Ann, tbe starting point, which
was reached shortly before 10 o'clock.
At the starting point the lire in the
furnaces had not got up to the desired
standard and the ship made a wide detour
of several miles and again came up back
of the tug Ivana, which was anchored at
the starting-point buoy.
The red flag, signifying that the official
start would now be made, waa hoisted on
the forward flagstaff, and the big cruiser
crossed the line at 10:45 o'clock at a rapid
rate of speed, with clouds of smoke rolling
out of ber three immense stacks.
"Watches were in the hands of many of
the naval officers, engineers and others on
board and suppressed excitement was
plainly shown by the interest among tbe
several hundred persons on the ship's
decks to take the time of the second buoy.
When the time was announced as 10
minutes and i} 4 seconds, and a computa
tion of these figures showed that the
cruiser had covered the distance of 8 9-10
knots at an average speed ot about 21%,
there was an exultant smile on the faces of
all, and many "I told you so" was heard.
The next leg averaged 21.98, but be
tween the third and fourth buoys there
was, through some unexplainable cause, a
drop to 20.90.
The outward leg ended with a general
average of 21.71. The Brooklyn was then
given a wide circle, which consumed
twenty-three minutes, and the return was
started.
The run between the first and second
buoys showed an average of nearly 22.12
knots; the next stage of the course was
covered with an average of nearly 22, and
the third stage, that between the third and
fourth buoys was rusbed over at the won
derful rate of 22 9-10 knots.
A general desire that the big cruiser
should obtain the average of 22 knots then
became prevalent, but a drop to 21J^ on
the next stage upset these calculations.
The next two stages were, however, both
covered in over 22, and the trial ended
with the grand average of but eight one
hundredths less that tbe 22 mark.
Messrs. Charles and Edward Cramp
were both highly pleased with the
cruiser's performance, and smilingly re
ceived the congratulations showered upon
them.
Captain Sargent was also surrounded by
hundreds of those on tbe ship, and in re
sponse to many expressions of admiration
for his skillful management of the great
ship characteristically stated that he was
greatly pleased with the result, and it was
a little faster than he had expected.
Lieutenant Takakura, naval instructor
for the Japanese Government, remained
below in the engine-room throughout the
trial observing the workings of ihe
machinery.
The Brooklyn will leave ncr anchorage
off Boston light about daylight to-morrow,
and will likely reach Philadelphia Satur
day afternoon.
ESETAN SENDENGED TO DEATH.
Carlot and Antonio Are Found Guilty
of Treason.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 27—The Her
ald's special cable from Panama says:
News comes from San Salvador that a
court-martial was recently held in that
NEW TO-DAY.
GOLDIURE,
Liquor and Opium Habit — Cures Guaranteed
No publicity, private sanitarium, beat facili-
ties, lowest charges. Home treatment, book
free, fifth year. Any inebriate of sound mind
can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD CURE, 80S G ST., Sacramento, Cal.
\
city and Carlos Ezeta, former President,
and Antonio Ezeta, formerly Vice-Presi
dent, were condemned to be shot after be
ing found guilty of treason, rebellion and
sedition committed on June 22, 1890, when
Francisco Menendez was President.
It will be remembered that during a ball
the Presidsntial palace was attacked by
forces commanded by Carlos Ezeta, who
wad then general inspector of the army.
President Menendez was assnsamated, and
by coup d'etat Carlos Ezeta was pro
claimed President. Both brothers are
now, however, beyond the reach of Salva
doran justice and •will never return to that
country until at the head of a revolution.
MAY BE ASKED TO RESIGN.
But the Moore Brothers Propose to Hold
Their Positions in the Stock
Exchange.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 27.— A mmorwas
current tc-day that the Brothers Moore,
who have been prominent in connection
with tbe collapse of the bull movement in
Diautond Match stock and the closing of
the Stock Exchange, would be asked to
resign their positions— J. H. Moore as
first vice-president and W. H. Moore as
second vice-president — to make room for
P. D. Armour and George M. Pullman, the
largest individual holders of Diamond
Match stock. This rumor the Moorea
deny, declaring they were elected to serve
untii next February, and they propose to
do so.
The Moores have sent notices to their
brokers not to settle any of their trades
without first consulting them. This was
construed by some to mean that the
Moores pro Dosed to mace an opposition to
the' recommendation of the committee
which reported last evening in favor of
quiet settlements on the best compromise
basis that could be reached between indi
viduals. Moore Bros, assert their object
was merely to have all propositions sub
mitted to them before being acted upon
that they might decide upon tbe propriety
of accepting them.
GOLD COMING THIS WAY.
Influx of the lellnw Metal to the United
NEW YORK. N. V., Aug. 27.-The im
port of gold is' assuming large proportions.
According to foreign bankers the influx
is likely to continue for some time. In all
between $9,000,000 and $10, 000,000 is bound
for this side.
A member of the firm of Beligman <ft
Co. states that in his opinion $20,000,000
in yellow metal will be imported within
the next thirty days.
It was announced yesterday that $500,
--000 more in gold had been engaged for
import on Saturday's steamer, borne will
go into banks to replace gold borrowed
some days ago for shipment to San Fran
cisco. The latest advices from the Pacific
Coast are to the effect that the demand for
gold is over, and tbe Treasury reserve will
now decline more slowly.
Plenty of gold is offered for sale in this
city at a premium of one-eighth of 1 per
cent, but no purchasers could be found at
that price. Importers agreed in saying
to-day that while the high rates for money
of course caused sterling loans to be made
in large amounts, the high interest rate
temporarily retarded tbe importation of
gold. Nevertheless the importation will
continue without interrup;ion.
Bankers reported a decided relaxation
generally in the money market in the de
mands for accommodation from the South
and West, althougn in one or two isolated
cases the contrary was observed. The im
provement in tbe situation was said to be
largely due to the decline in sterling ex
change and the importations of gold.
**t Is a Golden Text.
DUNKIRK, N. V., Aug. 27-— Mr. Bryan
read Major Mciiinley's letter of accept*
ance on the train going to Buffalo.
To the representative of the United As
sociated Preeses he said he did not rare to
make any comment on it. "I suppose it
can be considered tbe golden text of the
Republican lesson," he said.
HEW TO-DAT.
Our names as caterers to
his. royal highness, "Young
America," is known the Coast
over. y
Boys' Clothing: has been our
great specialty ever since,
years ago, we established our-
selves on this famous corner.
Our new Autumn Styles this
season have never been
equaled for style, quality and
lowness of price by any firm
west of Chicago.
Boys' All-Wool Long Pants Suits, in brown
' , ■'■ and ; gray Scotch Tweeds,, guaranteed to '
fit perfectly. Our price... 87.50
Boys'. Royal Kersey Overcoats In bine, with
velvet collar and satin sleeve linings.:
Our price............... ..i. 810
Boys' Reefer Suits in the very latest designs: •■
. neat plaids In three different shades, with - :
.... broad sailor collar, braided, very jaunty.
Our price ..'.... .....SI. 75
Knee Pants, 25c ; odd .Long Pants 91.50
The Children are specially
invited to come and shake
hands with Major Criqui, the
famous midget.
Out-of-town folks— writ* for our • atalogne.
S T* "Rolfs fnp $Qn
i|iS*ikss Belts for $30.
| ftf^Wii^ft^B Old-fashioned and poorly
»&■>-- .■.>iH-/-J Zrjjm made, can be had by pay-
wKL:' Wtfyjß&TfaflifiJ^ ln y° nr one to electrio
«CSMflj!ySßftiJ2R<^ belt '-quacks" and travet-
•"bWitt^vftN-^i^S Jug "fakers." For a flrst-
* (■ Zrvii~> w'' class article at a reasonable
v ■-■'S.Srjr ••",'-■ price write or call for free
. . . • .■nfVA? copy of our new boom . DR.
PIEKCK A SON, 704 Sacramento su, cor. Kearay,
. second, third aad H»urU» floors, Ha" Francisco.
r nniIAIIFA FOR BARBERS, ! BAK-
RHI I UI" X « '"• bootblacks, bath-
POUOniUO bouses, , billiard - table*,
brevrers, bookbinders, ■' candy-makers, cancers,
dyers, : floiiriullls. f foundries, - laundries, paper-
hangers, ; printers, painters, shoe factories, •tabif
men. i M 1 AN S A t l0 B^OS..
Brush JUauufnctuv«r»j6oi>Sacriiment*ast
?,> ;■.-■>■:■ ■::■■ ■■-"WAR! WAR!"
CRIES BRYAN
Three Fiery Speeches Made
by Nebraska's Boy
Orator.
CAN FIND NO ISSUE BUT
CHEAP MONEY.
Agitation That Causes Trouble
Advocated by the Silver
Candidate.
SAYS THE FUTURE IS WRITTEN
IN BLOOD OF GOLD.
Lurid Harangues by the P atte River
Elocutionist Attract Large
Crowds.
ERIE, Pa., Aug. 27.— William J. Bryan
made his fourth and last speech in Erie
this morning, and shortly after left for
Buffalo, where his headquarters will be
for the rest of the week. The hard work
of yeßterday did not show to any great ex
tent on the candidate when he appeared
on the Reed House balcony this forenoon
and addressed a large crowd gathered
there. His voice was somewhat hoarse,
but otherwise he appeared to be in good
condition. The three speeches delivered
by Mr. Bryan in Erie last night snowed
his versatility as an orator. He talked
money to all his audiences, but couched
the same ideas in different phraseology at
each place. In the course of his spicy
speech at St. Patrick's Auditorium, Mr.
Bryan said :
We nave got to take action. It is either bi
metallism or a gold standard, and its future is
In the hands of fate. There is no other issue
but money. It comes first. All others aro
minor affairs. They may be settled at any
time, but the question of money must be set
tled now. What are we going to do? I don't
know what the people think about it, but I do
know if they want to help themselves they will
go to the polls and vote for silver. I dou't
know what your politics are, nor do I care. I
speak to you as citizens of a great country, not
as members of a party. Parties are useful, of
course, but they are instruments, not men.
Tiiere is no reason why you should worship
any party. The Republican party had great
opportunities at St. Louis, but they were slaves
to gold and had to bow their heads to tne organ
ized syndicates, and you must remember that
these same syndicates protect the treasury. The
Republican party tells you to hope and wait.
But how long will you have to wait? Do not
let the Republicans beguile you about the fu
ture. The future is written in blood, crushed
out of you by gold. [Applause.] It is not for
amusement that we are engaged in this con
test. It is for you. It is going to be war, and
live lose this time we are going right along
and keep up the war until we win. But, my
friends, we will hot have to keep it up long.
[Applause.] Agitation of this question causes
trouble, and trouble causes agitation. People
do not get agitated for nothing. There must
be something back of it all. Perhaps it is be
cause a farmer who owned a farm which was
worth; twenty years ago $5000 this year
mortgages it for $2500. and if he tries to sell
It he will find that he cannot get enough for it
to pay off the mortgage.
The audience addressed by Mr. Bryan
from the balcony of the Reed House num
bered 2000. He made one of his short
speeches, and gained considerable ap
plause for eulogistic reference to Hon.
Joseph Sibiey, the Democratic candidate
for Congress in this, the Twenty-sixth
Pennsylvania District He was preceded
by several local speakers and followed by
Mr. Sibiey.
After the speech Mr. and Mis. Bryan
held a reception in the Reed House, which
was attended by nearly all those who
composed the audience in front of the
balcony. The Lake Shore train, in which
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan traveled to Buffalo,
left Erie at 12:33 p. m.
Mr. Bryan, wearing on the lapel of his
coat the gold-embroidered badge of the
"Randall Club of Pittsburg," came out on
the balcony of the hotel parlor at 10:30
o'clock. He began his speech with the
remark that he had had several oppor
tunities last evening of speaking on the
issues of the campaign, and that ne de
sired this morning to leave one parting
word. He said :
This is a peculiar campaign. The people are
engaged in this fight because they believe that
the triumph of the principles represented by
the Chicago platform is an absolute necessity
to the welfare of our Nation. It is not merely
an attempt to secure the Presidency or to di
vide the offices among the few people. Offices
cut no ngure in this campaign. [Cheers.] I
believe my experience has been rather an
unusual one. The people who have come to
me have come with suggestions as to what
can be done to win the cause. Ko one has
come to ask me for an office in case I mh
elected. I have not discussed patronage with
anybody.
I shall not discuss patronage with anybody
during this campaign, The man who in the
middle of a great battle stops to negotiate as
to what position he shall assume when the
battle is closed is unworthy ;o hold any posi
tion In the land. [A voice in the crowd:
"Peace on earth and good will to men."] Nor
are we satisfied with securing the Presidency.
The President alone is powerless to secure
legislation. He does not express his approval
until the Senate and the House have joined in
a measure, and I appeal to you, if you
are interested in the success of our
cause, to secure the Senate and the
House as well as the Presidency in favor of
this reform. [Jneers.] The Senate is prac
tically secured. We have no fear but that the
Senate which convenes on the 4th of March
next year will be in favor of the free
and unlimited coinage of gold and silver at
the present legal ratio of 16 to 1 without wait
ing for the aid or consent of any foreign na
tion. But it is necessary that we shall have
the House also. The House to-day is in the
hands of the enemy, and we must take pos
session of the House in order to put any good
measure into operation, and I beg of you in
every Congressional district in this land to see
to it that no man shall receive a majority of
votes, if you can help it, unless he goes there
to vote for the money of the constitution from
the first day he takes his seat to the last day
that be occupies a place in the House. [Cheers.]
You have a candidate in this district who is
one of the ablest, the most fearless and the
most eloquent advocate o' the great cause.
His voice has been beard all over this land,
and you will be guilty of desertion of this
cause unlesE you make Joseph SiDley your
member of Congress from tne next 4th of
March.
Now, remember that this cause rests on you.
The candidates can do but little. They can
not see all the people. They have no time to
address their arguments to every voter. But
we commission each of you as aids in this
great fight to go out and spread this Gospel
from now until election day. We have faith
not only in the intelligence of the people, nor
in the patriotism of the people, but we have
faith in that zeal among the people which
enkindles an enthusiasm which all the contri
butions of all the trusts and all the syndicates
cannot extinguish in this campaign.
Mr. Bryan withdrew, followed by the
cheering of the crowd, and joined his wife
in the reception which she was holding
in the parlors of the Reed House.
BRYAN AT SUFFALO.
Deniet That He 1» an Anarchist and
lalks lUore About Silver.
BUFFALO, N. V., Aug. 27.— N0 public
man ever received a heartier reception in
Buffalo during a political campaign than
that given William J. Bryan to-day. •
The throng at the station when the
train came in was great in numbers, and
it manifested its enthusiastic interest in
the candidate in such a way that Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan were nearly crushed by the
pressure around them. Norman E. Mack,
editor of the Buftalo Times, and leader of
the Bryan forces here. John Cuneen, sec
retary of the Democratic State Committee,
Chairman Cuddeback of the County Dem
ocratic Committee and a number of other
local Democratic leaders composed the re
ception committee that met the nominee
and escorted him to the waiting carriages-
The reception took place in Music Hall,
where an immense crowd had assembled.
The enthusiasm was of a character never to
be forgotten when Mr. Bryan came to the
front and there was a raging torrent of
cheers and applause. He began his speech
with expressions of gratitude for the evi
dences of interest that the people of the
Empire State are taking in the campaign.
Among other things he said:
I shall carry back to the people of the West
the news that the Chicago plattorm is sup
ported and indorsed not only by the West and
South alone, but by all tne thinking millions
of the East as well. I am aware that in the
making of a platform it is impossible to suit
the opinions of all. I recognize that people
who think will differ and that we often find
in a platiorm things with which we cani.ot
fully agree, and we sometimes fail to find in it a
mention of policies which we recognize as
important.
But platforms are not written by all of a
party. They are written by a majority df a
party. And when the majority of a party
writes a platform the others in the party must
either staud upon it or get out of the party.
[Cheers.]
While a platform covers a great many ques
tions necessarily there must be one supreme
issue In it, and in this campaign there is a
supreme issue. The issue is made between
those who believe in a gold standard and those
who oppose a gold standard. There is no mid
dle ground. Those who are not with us are
against us. There is no place between the
lines for people to stand. The Republican
platform does not say that a gold standard is
a good thing. There are those who are sup
porting the Republican party who believe that
a gold standard is a good thing, but they have
not the courage to risk the issue before the
people who have suffered from a gold standard
for twenty years.
We must judge people— not by their words,
but by their acts. Our opponents tell us that
they will try to secure an international agree
ment, and that they simply want to maintain
a gold standard until other nations will help
us to let go of it [Laughter.] The Democratic
party is opposed to a gold standard ; not only
opposed to it, but unalterably opposed to it.
It is so much opposed to it that it will not per
mit the American people to be bound to it,
though every nation on earth shall demand it.
[Applause.] We did not achieve independence
for the purpose of bowing to the yoke of any
foreign power. [Cheers.] The arguments in
favor of bimetallism are directed toward the
intelligence of a man who thinks and the
heart of a man who feeis.
If some man living in a foreign land were to
ask his natioa to surrender tbe power and
right of self-government and vest legislative
power in the United States, what .would we
think of that man's patriotism? If we would
despise the foreigner who would attempt or
desire to let the United States control his
nation, what contempt must foreigners feel
for those Americans who are willing to sur
render the right to govern themselves? [Ap
plause.]
Our opponents tell us in their platform (and
the one authority to construe tne platform
emphasizes the declaration) that this Nation
cannot undertake to open its mints to silver
without the concurrent aid of other nations.
It does not say that we are not able to do so
for a month or*a year or for only a Presiden
tial term. According to the statement this
Nation will never be able to do it until other
nations join us in the act. That is the doc
trine—we must Know the gold standard not for
a few months, but for an indefinite duration
of time.
Here Mr. Bryan quoted from Mr. Car
lisle's speech on bimetallism in 1878 to the
effect that the destruction of naif the
property of the world — including houses,
snips and railroads — would not be felt
more snsibly than the permanent anni
hilation of one-half of the metal money of
the world, and he commented upon it by
saying:
Who are the anarchists? Are they the ones
who are to restore the gold and silver coinage
of the constitution? Are they the ones who
want to reinstate the financial system which
had the indorsement of all the statesmen from
Washington through Jefferson and Jackson
down to Lincoln? Or shall we find the anar
chists among thoce who want a financial policy
that would do more than destroy half the
houses, sink half the ships and tear up half the
railroads of the world? [Applause.] We pro
pose a financial policy. Our opponents pro
pose nothing. Without daring to defend the
gold standard, they preach the doctrine of
"grin and bear it," n.nd they offer no hope to
the human race. [Applause.]
We ask for unlimited coinage. We have had
it in the past. We ask coinage at 16 to 1. We
have had it in the past. And we ask that the
American people shall do their own legislat
ing for themselves, without waiting for the
aid or consent of any other nation, and we
have done it in the past.
Under free and unlimited coinage of silver,
the United States stands ready to take the
ounce of silver bullion brought, from any place
in the world and convert it into $1 29 of
American money. If yon say that it is not fair
to take away a part of the purchasing power of
an ounce of gold, I tell you that it was fair to
have put into that gold that part which the
lav; placed In it. The remonetizatl n of silver
will not take out of gold any more than the de
monetization of silver put into gold. They
tell us that because Mexico has failed to main
tain the parity between gold and silver there
fore we must fail.
There is just one kind of man who can
think that, and that is a man who knows so
little of geography or history as to think that
Mexico is as large as the United States. When
they argue that the failure oi Mexico proves
that wo must fail they simply argue that the
United States cannot do anything that Mexico
has not succeeded in doing. Not only that,
but they argue that the United States and
Mexico together cannot do anything which
Mexico has not been able to do alone. My
fiiends, there is one way of taking the Govern
ment out of the clutches of those who have
been bleeding it— it is for the Government to
resume it* legal rights and use its silver or its
gold whenever it pleases, whenever it has a
dollar to pay. Ido not want to be called ex
treme, but I want to state my position with
such emphasis that it will not be mistaken.
I believe that the American people have a
right to have the Treasury Department ad
ministered in behalf of all the people instead
of in behalf of syndicates, foreign or domes
tic. Instead of permitting the financiers of
Wall street to call before them the officials of
the Government and to tell them what they
must do, I believe that the time has come
when the officials of the Government must
call the financiers before them and tell them
what they must do and make them do it.
[Cheers]
"When the Creator made man he did not
use any superior kind of mad when he
THE SA*T TTOATSmSCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28. 1896.
made financier."," said Mr. Bryan in con
clusion, and this remark was greeted with
applause and laughter.
B RYAN WILL ACCEPT.
So He la to Be Notified of the Populist
domination.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 27.— The
Evening Star says: The Star can state
positively that Bryan is to be formally
and officially notified of the Populist nomi
nation made at St. Louis. His running
mate on the Populist ticket, Tom Watson,
will be notified at tbe same time.
This may sound strange in view of the
statement of Cnairman Butler that Wea
ver and Field were not notified four years
ago, witu the inference that went with it
that despite the protests of Populist Bate
man and others Bryan would not be noti
fied. At no time, however, did Chairman
Butler say in positive words that there
would be no notification. It seems from
what was gathered by the Star repre
sentative that the pressure for the notifi
cation of tbe Populist nominees has been
too heavy for those opposed to such a
course to resist, and tnat the managers of
the Populist campaign have finally come
to tb'. conclusion that the notification
must be made.
The time for the notification has not
been fixed upon, but it is probable that
tne matter has been decided. There
will be no meeting like that in New York,
but Senator Allen of Nebraska will write
a letter to each of the candidates officially
informing them of the nomination. This
course will likely be adopted for several
reasons. One is that it will avoid the call
ing together of the entire notification
committee. Another is that it will pre
vent a number of complications which
might arise from the other and usual
method. The Populists who have been
clamoring fora notification to be made,
and among them is Watson himself, will
probably be satisfied when they hear of
the determination that has been reached,
but the objects they have in view in forc
ing the notification may not be realized.
The latter process of notification will be
favorable to Candidate Bryan. Senator
Allen, as chairman of the committee,
would hardly think of fixing a limit of
time in which Mr. Bryan should answer
th* notification. This will give the can
didate plenty of time to confer with the
Democratic, Silver and Populist leaders
and to decide upon the course he will
pursue.
It is believed that Mr. Bryan haa been
sounded on the question and that be has.
succumbed to what seems to be the inevita
ble. He probably knows now what is
coming and is already groping nis way
along. From tbe present standpoint he
cannot refuse the nomination. He must
do something about the matter, and the
only thing he can do, and retain the Popu
list vote, is to accept the nomination.
AS TO A U NIT OF VALUE.
Secretary Carlisle Explains Monetary
Lawn of America.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 27.—Secre
tary Carlisle yesterday addressed the fol
lowing letter to a correspondent in Ohio,
in regard to the unit of value, and author
ized its publication as an answer to numer
ous other similar inquiries which are con
stantly being addressed to him:
Mr. A. M. Simons, Cleveland, Ohio— My Dear
Sir : Your favor of tie 19th inst., calling my
attention to what you characterize as "serious
errors" in the circular recently issued by the
Treasury Department, reached here during
my absence, and I embrace the first opportu
nity after my return to acknowledge it.
The statement in the circular to which you
refer is as follows:
The act of April 2, 1792, established the first
monetary system of the United States. The
basis of the system was: The gold dollar or
unit, containing 24.75 grains of pure gold and
stamped in pieces of $10, $5 and $2 50, de
nominated respectively eagles, half-eagles and
quarter-eagles; and the silver dollar or unit,
containing 371.25 grains of pure silver. A
mint was established. The coinage was un
limited and there was no mint charge.
The ratio of gold to s ilver in coinage was 1 to
15. Both gold and silver were legal tender.
The standard was double, and you say "the
free coinage advocates point to those mistakes
and claim that they are intentionally lugged
in to prove that the unit of value established
by this Government was gold."
If you will re-examine vhe statement you will
observe that nothing whatever is said about
the "unft of value" or about a standard of
measure of value, except that "the standard
was double, meaning, of course, that the legal
standard was based on both gold and silver. I
am unable to discover any error in the state
ment. If 247.50 grains of pure gold constitute
$10, or "units," it is evident that 24.75 grains
of pure gold must constitute one "unit." The
24.75 grains of pure gold constituted a gold unit
and the 371.25 grains of pure sliver constituted
a silver unit, and the dollar was the unit,
whether it was composed of gold or silver.
The unit is merely the name or denomina
tion of the coin used in computation and in
keeping accounts, and if Congress had seen
proper to make the dime the unit instead of
the dollar it would not have changed the
actual or legal value of the coins to any extent
whatever. The only effect of such a provision
would have been that instead of counting in
dollars and fractions of dollars as we now do,
we would have counted in dimes and fractions
of dimes; that is, instead of saying "one dol
lar" or "one dollar and a half," we would have
said "ten dimes" or "fifteen dimes."
The franc, worth a little over nineteen cents,
is the unit in France, and the mark, worth
about twenty- iour cents, is the unit in Ger
many, no matter whether the franc or the
mark is represented by coin or by paper; but,
notwithstanding the fact that their uuit is
much smaller tnan ours, and, therefore, much
less valuable, their standard of value is as
high as ours. The defect in the reasoning of
our free-silver friends on this subject is that
they constantly confuse the unit of account
with the standard or measure of value. They
are entirely different things and have no
necessary connection with each other.
The words "unit of value" were never used in
any coinage law of the United States until Feb
ruary 12, 1873, and then they were applied to
the gold dollar containing 23.22 grainsof pure
gold, or 25.8 grains of standard gold. Tne fact
that this quantity of gold is not now coined
into a single piece is wholly immaterial. That
quantity of gold constitutes a standard or
measure of value for our dollar, and when men
contract for payment in dollars they mean dol
lars equal in value to 25.8 grains of standard
gold. The authors of the act of 1792 estab
lished (legally) two standards— a gold standard
and a silver standard— but, in fact, both of
them could not be continuously used at the
same time. As long as 371.25 grains of pure
silver were actually equal in value to 24.75
grains of pure gold there was in fact but one
standard, although represented by two metals;
but when these quantities of gold and silver
ceased to be equal to each other in value, one
or the other necessarily disappeared as a
standard.
This is just what happened, and gold went
out of circulation; silver became the actual
standard, and so remained until after the pas
sage of the acts of 1834 and 1837. The efforts
of the two acts of 1834 and 1837 were in effect
to change the ratio Detween gold and silver
from 15 to 1 to 15.988 to 1 (commonly called
16 tol), and the result ot this change was that
silver went out of circulation, because it was
under value in the law, and gold took the place
and oecame the actual standard of value
from that time on. Very truly yours,
J. G. Carlisle.
NAME A STATE TICKET.
Sound - Money Democrat* of Missouri
Conclude Their Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 27.— At the second
day s session of the State Convention of
Sound-money Democrats the following
ticket was nominated: Governor, J. McD.
Trimble of Kansas City; Lieutenant-
Governor, Albert F. Osterman of St. Louis
, . ~ " NEW CLOTHING. ■ - ■^^ n ~-^^ r^^ nnJ
SHOW YOUR COLORS. ™~™~ ~~~~~ ~~~ ™~
CAMPAIGN BUTTONS The Campaign Begun !
mckinley A ■:■■■' {**L4-tt***t tiLtv QrtAArh!
Given with every purchase l\ 4JHI 1 111 J^ 01/VVVIIi
Friday and Saturday. .^^ R
|pF ii^i| The Multitude Swayed
in L^a^Jp By Convincing Argument !
Ilil ■■■■ ! 1 Pilll We open the campaign to-day.
11 8 P-^ t' Hi f'w'Hl ' We promise a stirring one. Prices will take the
Si)Ml^^^ ;l l^^'f 1 place of orators. It will sway the multitudes : it will
'ill 'ifc^^Sli''( P bring ' em in large numbers to the big store. We will
ill lPb^wS®ms I convince you beyond a point of doubt that this Fall ,
IS IFii^Hr^ llfli Hi season will be opened with the lowest prices ever re-
iP^^^-J^ N wi § corded in the history of the clothing business. It is a
112-4 k^--TC«iSiIM campaign of high-class merchandise ; we carry noth-
HifJ 1 llSililß ing else. It is a campaign conducted on new mer-
I V LJgg^W chandise as we have nothing else to offer. h ~)
II 111 .^V-^—HBpi Whatwe say to you to-day in this advertisement is ,^n
11 ;il 19 X V Biilli about the New Fall Fashions for the Seasons '96 and r^S^J
=JlWill Ik liißffi: '97. The prices are quoted with but one object, and v*JtS^
--"*~"^i^l iH HL\^BhSz~" that is to get into the Big Kearny-Street Store as many <s^w^\^^^t£p'
fl BjJI f^\v ff** people as can possibly attend. ■ ' /^^^Bl \ Ijp
—— — Clinching . '7 JW
. g® Convincer! I//
\.-f' Our picture opposite shows you two clever Suits; 11/ I
/ty^yV they're New Fall Fashions for Seasons '96 and '97, 1 j I I
/ XL/\maJ Ss \^ full weight goods, stylishly tailored, as all our goods J (I J
■/ I /\^^ I \ They come in Blues, Blacks, Pretty Mixtures, no I 111
II |) © \ end of pretty colorings. Now comes the most ridicu- , * 1 1 1 I
/ I "^J \ : ' V lous part of all— the price. -.' ■ . 1 7/
Is\ I A \ For Friday and Saturday we have set the price, y* I 7/
j ~T( ° ° V and we positively will not sell 'em beyond these days, \\ I Ik
r o J// d* A n \»
( J We've included in the above big offer some 500 of /\flOtlTCl*
' ; « \)p^. our New Fall Fashions in Overcoats, cleverly tailored
y^U^ Jl garments, at ■ /**+ • <g •'*
Tw I (^yi 7c Clincher!
1 I / i : - Our picture above shows
\ /I ;-/ .•.;,'-,,..'.. a very cleverly tailored
1 / j . pair of Trousers ; these we
\ show in Striped Worsteds,
/ / | ,wos:^ , . A. -pretty colorings, very
\ We just quote you these two items to give you T C/
/ / S To- little idea of what we're doing on Friday and If rr/- Hi *■ j.t. • * •
W / D f Saturday, but it does not represent one tithe f U quote the price for
hi / t Part of the numberless attractions which should :■* Friday and Saturday at
W J bring you to the big Kearny-street house to-day. Jf £t> 1 C /*N
*^S^«^s*«-. —
Bd9 jB /iga IBM MS WU mmnm a£t j^m. Si Hnl J vES^R^^h-.
(INCORPORATED),
TTTK FRISCO HOYS
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street,
WHERE THE BIG MASSES TRADE.
County; Secretary of State, General D. H.
Mclntyre of Mexico; Treasurer, William
F. MoElrath of Livingstone; State Audi
tor E. D. Porter of Jasper; Attorney-
General, N. D. Thurmond of Callaway;
Railroad and Warehouse Commissioner,
Harry A. Coster of Platte ; Supreme Jud^e.
Theodore Brace of Monroe; electors at
larce. Pope Yeaman of Boone and Benja
min M. Massey of Springfield; alternates
to the Indianapolis Convention, John
Cosgrove of Cooper, R. E. Anderson of
Marion, W. Shelton of Dunklin and C. C.
Williams of Vernon.
AT DEMOCRATIC HiiAItQUARTERS.
Chairman Junes to Soon Announce Hi*
Advisory Committee.
CHICAGO, 111.. Aug. 27.— The an
nouncement of : the appointment of an ad
visory committee of six men outside the
regular Democratic ■ party by Chairman
Jones of the National Committee may be
expected this week. The. Senator said to
day to a reporter for the United Associated
Presses on the subject: : : "I am consider
ing the announcement of an advisory
committee representing organizations
which are working together with ; the
Democratic party in a common cause, but
I shall not give out the names to-day,' as ! I
contemplated. I;' propose 'to have . six
members who will represent the Populists^
exclusively silver men and silver Republi
cans. It is desirable that we should have
free consultation ; and >; expression of ; ideas
as .to what ought to be done and what
ought not. This committee will ■; facilitate
our work in the campaign." -
The chairman's distinguished visitors
to-day .wire ' Senator Pettigrew, Senator
Faulkner, chairman of the ; Congressional
campaign committee, arid I. N. ; Stevens of
Colorado, vice-chairman of the^^^^H
committee of the Silver party. Senator
Pettigrew's mission was to arrange for the
South Dakota campaign, in which ne is
vitally interested on account of his Re
publican bolt, and also to see what the
programme of the speakers and literature,
etc., was for the Northwest. Senator
Faulkner's business related to Washing
ton contracts for printing campaign docu
ments and for their distribution under
the Congressional committee's auspices.
Mr. Stevens came to tell of the Silver
party's campaign plans and co-operation
with the Bryan campaigners and to ab
sorb information of like character from
the Senator.
Senator Pettiprew met Marcus Daly of
Montana at the Auditorium Hotel, and
held a secret conference with him. The
talk around poJitical headquarters was
that the powers of Pettigrew's persuasion
were being directed toward a conversion
of the Montana copper king to the sup
port of the iree-silver ticket, Mr. Daly
haviny been put in the gold class since
his recent visit to Chairman Hanna at
Chicago headquarters.
TRUE DEMOCRATS OF OHIO.
Sound-Money Men Select the Hickory
Tree as Their Emblem.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 27.— The State
convention oi sound-money Democrats
to-day elected the following delegates at
large to the Indiauapolis convention:
Ex-Congressman J. H. Outhwaite of Co
lumbus, ex-Conpressman George E. Seney
of Tiffin, ex-Congressman W. E. Haines
of Fremont, and General Michael Ryan
of Cincinnati. Alternates -W. H. Maniey
of Ottawa, Herman Melich of Zanesville,
W. J. Colburn of Toledo and Moses R.
Dickey of Cleveland. Presidential elec
tors—Judge W. A. Lynch of Canton and
W. A. Medar7 of Columbus.
Electors and delegates to the National
Convention were chosen in each district
and tbe hickory tree was chosen as tne
party emblem for use on the Australian
ballot. A resolution was adopted author
izing the State Central Committee to place
true Democrats on the State ticket instead
of Democrats nominated by the Populists
under the fusion agreement.
The platform protests against the action
of the recent Chicago convention as un
wise, unpatriotic and un-D^mocratic. As
a crowning folly it proposes to debase our
standard of value by the free and un
limited coinage of silver. It denounces
the spirit and purpose of the Chicago
platform as the most dangerous and revo
lutionary ever proclaimed in this country
by a National convention. President
Cleveland's administration is indorsed.
Populists of Ohio.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Aug. 29. — The
Populist State Convention to-day indorsed
the nomination by the Democrats of C. A.
White of Clermont County for Secretary
of State and William Beaumont of Lickin
for member ot the State Board of Public
Works. E. D. Stark of Cleveland was
nominated for Supreme Judsie and
Thomas J. Creager of Springfield for State
Fooc* and Dairy Commissioner. The reso
lutions indorse the St. Louis convention.
Louisiana Democrats,
NEW ORLEANS, La., Aug. 27.— The
State Convention of the sound-money
Democrats met to-day and, after passing
resolutions denouncing the Chicago plat
form, selected Hon. Donaldson Caffery
Marshall Miller. E. Farrell and H. H.
Spellman as delegates to Indianapolis.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Washington Happenings That Concern
\. Dweller* on the Pacific Slope. .
; WASHINGTON, D. :C, Aug. 27.— Mrs.
Mary Hunter was to-day appointed t Post
mistress ; at ; Kecue, El * Dorado, ', Cal., vice
M. A. Hunter, f deceased, and Maria Hun
toon at Vallevista, Riverside County, Cal.,
vice S. O. Prince, removed.
A postoffice to-day established at
FaJlon, Churchill ■* County, and Mi
chael Fallon appointed Postmaster.
By direction of ; the President the retire- ;
ment from active service on this date, by
operation of law of Captain Charles C. da
Rudio, Seventh Cavalry, under provisions
oi an act of Congress, is announced.
Pensions: California, Original — Hamil
ton 8. Patterson, Saratoga; John Boyd,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; James R.
Blakeman, Veterans' Home, Napa. In
crease (special August 20) — Hiram A. Mo-
Kelvey, Sacramento; Mexican war sur
vivors, increase— George J. Crojs, Sacra-
mento.
Oregon : Original — widows, etc., Samuel
Daniels (fatoer) Murphy; reissue (special
August 20)— Minors of Seneca D. Pierce,
Medford.
Fatal Boiler Explosion,
ENGLISH, Ind., Aug. 27.— The boiler at
Level Sons' mill exploded this morning,
killing Tolbert Doodey, tbe engineer.
Samuel Dodds, a sawyer, and William
Cummings, the fireman, were badly
scalded.
WHERE did yon get
those pimples and fa-
cial blemishes ? Oh,
you did — from a sar-
saparilla containing
iodide of potassium,
eh? You should not
take iodide of potas-
sium, it is sure to
show on your face.
When yon are blue, melancholy, have a
liver trouble, you should use a remedy
that does its work and never TELLS on
the face.
34
NEW HONORS FOR
WOODLAND TRACK,
Agitato Establishes Another
World's Pacing
Record.
KEATINGE'S GOOD COLT
Set a Mark for Three- Year-Old
Side-Wheelers to Try
to Beat.
COVERED A MILE IN 2,09 1-4.
Running Races in Which the Favor
ites Failed to Finish Inside
the Money.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. 27.— Winship
& Keatinge's three-year-old gelding Agi
tato, driven by the veteran reinsman, Tom
Keatinge, paced a mile in 2:o9}£ in the
third heat at this track this afternoon.
This secures another world's record to this
track, as that is the best time ever made
by a three-year-old.
This was the biggest day of the meeting.
The business bouses and banks closed
their doors at noon, and hundreds flocked
to the ground. Probably the most potent
reason for the immense crowd that turned
out was the rumor that Governor Budd
and other distinguished State officials
would be guests of the association. The
Governor sent word early in tbe morning
that he would be present, but at the very
last moment was reluctantly compelled to
abandon the trip, because of the demand
upon his time by some unexpected busi
ness.
A party of distinguished visitors were
on hand, however. Captain Carrington of
the United States army, Adjutant-General
Barrett, R. H. Beamer of the State' Board
of Equalization, Dr. Mathews of the State
Board of Equalization, Dr. Clowe and
Hon. P. J. Shields of Sacramento, W. S.
Clark, J. A. Moore, H. McLeod and W. J.
Bwortzel, Supervisors of Humboldt
County, Peter Belcher and J. C. Bull, also
of Humboldt, were present.
The first event on to-day's card was a
2 :12 pacing race with six entries. Agitato
was a hot favorite at $20 to $8 for the field.
Before the start was made the odds were
etill greater at 529 to $5. A great deal of
money went into the pool box at these
odds.
The lot got away to a good start on the
fourth attempt. Agitato at once assumed
a slight lead, followed by Hazel H. Loupe
broke on the first turn, but lost but little
ground. Down the backstretch Agitato
still led, with Loupe, Hazel H, Javelin
and Hanfcrd Medium following closely in
the order named. There was no change
in the positions until the upper turn was
reached. Javelin and Loupe came very
fast until the wire was reached. Agitato
won by a scant half length, Hazel second,
Loupe third, Javelin fourth, Hanford
Medium fifth, Plunkett sixth. Time, 2:12.
The third Quarter of this heat was paced
at a 2:07 gait.
The scoring for the second heat was
rather tedious, and when the horses finally
got away Agitato, Hazel H and Loupe had
the best of it Hazel broke at the first
turn and dropped back to fifth place.
Down I the stretch the favorite led, with
Loupe at his wheel, Javelin close by and
the others strung out for several lengths.
At the upper turn Loupe began to drive
for the heat and Javelin gave way to Hazel
H. The best that could be done, however,
was to make the favorite exert himself a
little. He passed under the wire an easy
winner by a length and a quarter, Loupe
becond. Hazel H third, Javelin fourth,'
Hanford Medium fifth, Plunkett distanced.
Time, 2:lo}^. The second quarter was
paced at a 2:06 gait and the third quarter
at a 2:04 gait. There was no more pool-
Belling after the second heat.
While scoring for the third heat Hazel
H became unruly, reared up and fell back,
pinning Van Bokellen, the driver, to the
gro und. A crowd of men rushed out and
rescued him from his perilous position
with considerable difficulty. After a de
lay of twenty minutes the horses were
again called out. Hanford Medium got a
iittle the best of the start, but soon fell
back to the rear. The horses kept well
bunched all the way down the backstretch
On the upper turn Hazel H broke and fell
to the rear.
Four horses now began to crowd the
leader. Hanford Medium came up with a
fine burst of speed and got second place in
the last twenty yards. Agitato won,
Hanford Medium second, Loupe third,
Javelin fourth, Hazel H fifth. Time,
2:O9Ji. The 6econd quarter was paced at a
2:05 gait.
Agitato in this heat broke the world's
pacing record for three-year-olds of any
sex and paced a mile in two and a half
seconds better than a mile has before been
paced by a three-year-old this year. The
winner was bred by John S. Boyd of the
Oakwood Park stock farm.
In the 2:11 trotting race there were four
starters. Ottinger sold favorite at the pro
hibitive odds of *20 to $5 for the field.
When the word was given Boodle broke
while going under the wire and never got
within hailing distance. It was a proces
sion all the way around, with Ottfnger in
tbe lead and Toggles second. Half way
down tbe homestretch Toggles broke and
fell back to third place. Ottinger won,
Visalia second. Toggles third and Boodle
last. Time, 2:12)4.
For tbe second heat the horses got away
to a beautiful start, but it was nearly a
repetition of the first. Ottinger won in
hollow style, Visalia second, Toggles third
and Boodle fourth. Time, 2:13. Ottinger
won the third and hnal heat easily, Tog
gles second, Boodle third and Visalia
fourth. Time, 2:13)4.
The next event was a five-furlong run
ning race with eight starters. The pools
sold: Peixotto $10, Howard Ss4 and the
field $6. The favorite, Peixotto, got left
at the post. He turned around just as the
gate was sprung. All the rest ran the
course in a bunch, Howard S passing under
the wire first.
The last event on tbe programme was a
dash of one and a sixteenth miles. Ten
starters faced the flag. The pools sold:
Two Cheers $10, field $11 and Landlord $6.
They made the course in a bunch, Rebel
lion winning by a length.
BUIUfARY.
Pacing, 2:12 class, 8 In 6; purse $500.
Agitato ~* 1 1 1
Ha»elH 2 3 6
Loupe 3 2 i
Javelin .......14 4
Hanford Medium 5 5 2
PlUDkett 6dlst
Time, 2;ia— 2:10^4— 2:0914.
Trotting, 2:11 class, 3 in 5: purse $600.
Ottinger 1 1 1
Visalia S « 4
Toggles 3 3 2
Boodle 4 4 3
Time, 2:1214-2:13—2:1334.
Running, five furlongs; purse $650.
Howard S won. Anette second, George L
third. Time, l:o2}£. Iron Jacket, Bed Idle,
Perhaps, Lost Girl and Peixotto also run.
Running, mile and a sixteenth, handicap;
purse $300.
Rebellion won. My Sweetheart second, Broad
Billows third. Time, 1 :49^. Landlord, Fred
Gardner, Clara Johnson, Tonino, Waxrago, Two
Cheers and Elmer F also ran.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs.
Won.
Lost.
Per
Cent.
Baltimore. ....
Cincinnati.
Cleveland
Chicago...
Piltsbnrg.
Boston
Brooklyn ,
New York
Philadelphia....
Washington.
St. Louis.
Louisville ,
72
69
64
62
58
58
50
M
60
41
38
27
33
37
40
47
47
48
ftfj
67
67
63
73
77
.685
.651
.616
.568
.662
.547
.47:
.471
.467
.394
.313
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 27.-Kennedr was
an easy mark for Louisville in the first game
to-day, the visitors pounding his curves to all
parts of the field in every inning. Stein
pitched tbe last two innings and was found
for two hits. Frazer's work was almost per
fect and he received fine support. Umpire
Hurst deprived the Loulsvllles of a run In the
ninth inning in the second game which, had
it been allowed, would have tied the score.
Score: First game— Brooklyns 2, 7, 2; Louis
vllles 10, 16, 2. Batteries — Kennedy and
Burrlll; Fraxer and Dexter. Umpire— Hurst.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CAMP AT GLEN ELLEN.
Second game— Brooklyns 7, 10, 3; Louisvilles
6,9,4. Batteries— Abbey and Burrill; Cun
ningham and Dexter. Umpire — Hurst.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 27.— The home
team made a grand rally at the bat in the
eighth inning to-day, earning Jour runs on
two triples, two doubles and a single. The
Pittsburgs made four runs and seven hits ofl
King in the first two innings and Norton took
his place in the third. The youngster twirled
sucli effective ball that the visitors were un
able to score until the ninth inning, when it
was too dark lor the outfielders to see the ball
clearly. Scgden hit the ball very hard. At
tendance 2000. Score: Washingtons 7, 10, 1;
Pittsburgs 5, 16, 2. Batteries— King, Norton
find McGuire; Hawley and Sugden. Umpire—
Lally.
BALTIMORE. Md., Aug. 27.— 80 th teams
played faultlessly in the field to-day and hit
the "ball hard. Dwyer was pounded for seven
teen hits with a total of twenty-three bases,
while the Cincinnatis made enough hits
against Hoffer to win an ordinary game. Four
pretty doublt plays, of which the visitors
made three, brought the spectators to their
feet. Score: Baltimores 9, 17, 0; Cincinnatis
3, 11, 0. Batteries— Hoffer and Clark, Dwyer
and Vaughn. Umpire— Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 27.—Phila
delphia played fast ball to-day and had no
trouble in defeating Cleveland. For the first
four innings the Spiders gave a bad exhibi
tion of fielding, but then settled down and the
balance of the game was sharply playea.
Weather clear and pleasant. Attendance
3300. Score: Philadelphias 9, 14,1; Cleve
lands 4, 10, 5. Batteries— Carsey and Boyle,
Young and Zimmer. Umpires— Henderson
and Campbell.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 27. — The New
Yorks won two games from St. Louis to-day in
hollow style. Seymour pitched great ball in
the first game, while Hart was solved in the
third inning for enough to win. In the seoond
game Kissinger received the worst support
ever given any pitcher here this season.
Score: New Yorks 7, 6, 2; St. Louis 3, 6, 2.
Batteries — Seymour and Wilson, Hart and
Murphy. Umpire — Emslie. Second game —
New Yorks 10,10,4; St. Louis 6,8,7. Bat
teries—Sullivan and Zearfoss, Kissinger and
Moreland. Umpire — Emslie.
BOSTON, Mass., Aug. 27.— Chicago could do
nothing with Klobedanz to-day and made but
two hits after the first inning. Briggs was
prolific with bases on balls. In the seventh
inning the game was called on account of
darkness. Attendance 1820. Score: Bostons
7, 9, 4; Chicagos 3, 2, 4. Batteries— Klobedanz
and Bergen, Briggs and Anson. Umpire-
Lynch.
ILLEGAL METHODS OF FISHING.
Indians and White Men Use Tabooed
Artifices in Russian River.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 27.— Emmett
Seawell, District Attorney of this county,
and a party of friends returned yesterday
from a fishing trip to Russian River. Mr.
Seawell reports seeing large numbers of
dead fish in the waters of the river and
along its banks. From their appearance
Mr. Seawell is inclined to believe that it is
the work of malicious and reckless per
sons who used giant powder last Sunday.
The people residing along the river are
greatly incensed, and will deal severely
with the "powder fiend 9" if they are
caught at their tricks.
The Russian River people also complain
of the red man and his wife, who at in
tervals replenish their larder with black
bass and California pike by the use of the
insidious "dove *^J." The weed grows
in abundance in the fields adjoining the
river and has the effectof intoxicating the
fish. The Indian gathers the weed in a
bag and, after pounding it well with a
smooth stone, swims bag in hand into the
deep pools. In a few moments the waters
are alive with leaping, struggling,
drunken fish, and the provident better
half of the swimmer iollows along and
gathers in tbe spoils.
The white boys of the neighborhood
also use the poisonous "fishberry" in
much tbe same manner. As the black
bass are now biting well, lovers of game
fisning who frequent the pools of Russian
River are agitating different propositions
for tne protection of the stream, and any
illegal fisherman, either white or red, will
be severly dealt with in the future.
THE CORBKTT-SII A UK EY FIGHT.
San Franciscans Hid 920,000 for the Con
test.
NEW YORK, N. Y.,Aug. 25.— The meet
ing to make a final decision as to time and
place for the Sbarkey-Corbett battle, which
was to have taken place to-day at the Po
lice Gazette office, was postponed until
next Monday. D. J. Lynch, who repre
sented Sharkey, was on hand, but Corbett,
having misunderstood the purport of the
meeting, was not represented. A telegram
was received from the National Athletic
Club of San Francisco, offering a purse of
|20,000. the tight to be palled off at Carson
City, Nevada.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
PRANKS PLAYED
AT CAMP O'RYAN,
The Jolly Antics of the
League of the Gross
CAPT, CURLEY'S PLIGHT
Tied in a Hammock and
Wheeled Through Glen Ellen
in a Barrow.
THE FIRST COURT-MARTIAL.
Festivities to Which the Occupants
of the Tented Field Have
Been Invited.
GLEN ELLEN, Cal., Aug. 27.— The
days are passing in Camp O'Ryan too rap
idly for the League of the Cross Cadets,
who have no care, not even for the guard
house or the court-martial frith its solem-
nity and its dress uniforms. Good whole
some food and lots of it, with drills and
exercise and occasional guard duty, all
combine in the daily life of the boys to
make it extremely pleasant. It is no won
der that time is fleeting.
Each new day brings with it some novel
conceit or laughable prank which pleases
the people here quite as much as it amuses
the cadets themselves. There are excur
sions up Sonoma Creek, long walks in the
direction of orchards and swimming-pools,
occasional insubordination in camp and
outbursts of some kind in town.
This morning the sound of the drum
surprised people in town and a dozen
cadets marched through the street. The
cause of this revelry was soon evident.
The boys had turned the tables and were
having sweet revenge for tueir incarcera
tion. They caught Captain James Curley
of Company B outside the lines and tied
him hand and foot to a tree. Then a ham
mocK was procured and with it the jolly
captain of Company B was securely fas
tened to a wheelbarrow and trundled to
the hotel, the Donahue railway depot,
postoffice and other public places with a
squad and drummer, W. J. Fleming beat
ing a rataplan to keep up the fun. At the
Mervyn Hotel, in the presence of summer
guests and others, Captain Curley ex
plained, "I couldn't kick if I wanted to."
He spoke the truth, for hi? feet were bound
ten times around with ropes.
The hearts and something else of the
boys were made glad by a present 01 a load
of pears, peaches, plums, apples and
tomatoes and several loads of firewood
from Dr. and Mrs. C. C. O'Donnell, whose
country residence is across Sonoma Creek'
from the camp. The doctor and Mrs.
O'Donnell have extended an invitation to
the cade s to a reception in their home to
morrow evening, arid it was officially ac
cepted to-day.
Three other events which promise to be
very pleasant are on the tapis for to-mor
row. One of these is b baseball match at
10' a.m. between picked nines from com
panies C and H.
The team from Company C consists of
Robert Canning, first base; W. J. Fleming,
catcher; J. Lamey, pitch«r; T. Crowley,
shortstop; Lieutenant E. Crowley, thiid
base ; Lieutenant J. Carr, left held ; Ed
Hanrahan, second base; W. O'Brien, rieht
field : W. Welsh, center field ; W." Dixon
and J. Fogan, substitutes.
Company H's select nine is composed of
Captain J. E. Power, pitcher; W. Kelly,
first base; J. Nugent, second base- A.
Hynes, third base ; F. Telfer, left field ; J.
.Daly, catcher; T. Phelan, short stop; J.
McDonald, right field; j. Fagau, center
field; substitutes — J. Erlenhein, J. Regan,
J. Enright and W. Cashman.
The second event is a visit to the Home
for the Feeble-minded, where Dr. Osborne
will receive the cadets and the inmates
will entertain them in the theater.
In the evening a ball and musical enter
tainment will be given at the Mervyn
Hotel, the proprietor, A. Harrison, having
extended an invitation, which was grate
fully accepted by the regiment.
The Rev. Father Yorke spent part of his
first day in camp learning to ride the
bicycle. It was with rather indifferent
success, however, that he made the at
tempt. To-day he went at it with his
usual determination, and now be is at
home on the "silent steed." Lastevening
he gave a dinner at the hotel to the offi
cers of the companies in camp.
Those present were: Captain E. J. Fite
gerald, Captain James Power, Captain
James Curley, Captain D. J. McCarthy,
Lieutenant David Barry, Lieutenant Ed
ward Crowley, Lieutenant C. Ryan, Lieu
tenant Joe Ryan, Lieutenant William
Madden. Rev. James McDonald and Cap
tain A. H. Filgate.
After dinner the officers held a meeting
for the purpose of arranging for a grand
ball and entertainment Saturday evening,
the last night in camp. Captain Filgate
presided. It was decided to select the
floor manager from among one of the cadet
officers, and to appoint committees of re
ception, on programme, floor, etc.
As the meeting adjourned Father Ryan
of St. Brigid's Church, San Francisco,
arrived and received a welcome from the
cadets.
The guard detail for the twelve hours
after 7:30 o'clock this evening is as fol
lows: Officer of the day, Captain J. T.
Curley, Company B; officer of the guard,
Lieutenant J. Carr, Company C; sergeant
of the guard, Sergeant W. Dixon, Com
pany G; corporal of the guard. Corporal
X. Crowley, Company B ; members of the
guard, Company B — Ed Joyce, L. Nolan,
E. Dougherty, R. O'Neil; Company H, J.
Fogan, J. Nugent, R. Delaney and J. En
right; Company C, C. Lucey, D. McEn
erney, E. Hanrahan and J. Brady.
The camp had its first court-martial this
afternoon. Sergeant E. O'Connor of Com
pany E was charged and tried for a breach
of military discipline. It was a solemn
body of young men that assembled to try
their comrade, who looked pale and bore
a gleam of resentment in his eye that
seemed to say "the world is against me,"
Private A. C. Ohlson, "my only friend
on earth," was chosen by the defendant
as his attorney. The trial ended in the
nominal punishment of Sergeant O'Con
nor.
An enjoyable dance and entertainment
was given in the pavilion last night, in
which Corporal Swinford, Sereeant R."
Canning, Corporal Harry Hay, Charles
Canning, W. Fleming and the Glee Club
of Company H distinguished themselves
in vocai selections and recitations.
NEW HOPE EXCITED.
The Little Town Worked Up Over the
Trial and Acquittal of the
Rev. G. H. Frazier.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 27.— After stand
ing 5 to 5 for several hours, a jury at New
Hope acquitted Rev. G. H. Frazier of the
charge of extortion plaoed against him.
He admitted that he had asked a number
of tbe picnickers who irreverently threw
watermelons at his church to pay him
money in order to keep him from causing
their arrest, but declared that he did not
think he was breaking any law in so doing,
and intended to turn the money into the
church treasury.
It will be some time before the little
town of New Hope will wholly regain its
normal condition after the trial in Justice
Powell's court. The Justice's court was*
crowded to-day with an intensely inter
ested audience. The fair sex were there
in numbers— in fact, all the ladies of the
minister's fold were on hand to lend him
their moral support and to fortify him
with their presence in his hour of need.
District Attorney Nutter, whose duty re
quired him to appear against the pastor,
was somewhat disconcerted by the ladies
being on the other side, for it is the first
time that anything of the kind has oc
curred to him. ,
W. C. Green of TLodi, who appeared for
the accused, was the man of the hour after
the verdict was announced. The ladies
forgot their pastor in their anxiety to ex
press their appreciation to the legal light
from the watermelon center.
Rev. Mr. Frazier evidently does not be
lieve in the admonition to turn the other
cheek, for after the trial he swore out war
rants for the arrest of the youne men who
threw watermelons at his church.
SANTA MO NICA TENNIS.
Louis freeman of Pasadena Wins the
Championship.
SANTA MONICA, Cal,, Aug. 27.—To
day the fourth of the tennis tournament,
the greatest interest was evinced in the
events. The grand stand was crowded
and good tennis the rule. The chief
matches were the finals and champion
snips in the "all comers" singles. .A new
champion has come to the front in Louis
Freeman of Pasadena, who defeated
Picher in the finals and Bumilier in the
cup round.
Play was commenced in the morning in
the one-round open double, in which Bell
and Welcome defeated Braly and Bettner
by a score of 6—o, 6—2. T. Hendricks and
R. Faithful defaulted to Bumilier and
Way, completing the round. In the
finals of the gentlemen's singles Free
man easily defeated Bumilier 6—3, 6—2,
score by points being 104 to 77.
In the afternoon the championship
round in the open singles between A. Bu
milier, the champion of '95 and Louis
Freeman, who succeeded in wresting the
championship from his opponent, Free
man won the first set 6— 2, Bumilier the
second 6—3, and Freeman the third
set; score 6 — 2. Score by points, 123 to 96.
Immediately upon the close of the match
Braly and Sinsabaugh easily defeated
Bell and We.come ; score, 6—2, 6—o.
To-morrow morning the finals of the
open doubles will be played, and in the
afternoon the challenge round. The la
dies' singles ana mixed doubles occupy
the courts when opportunity presents.
TO SPRINKLE SANTA BARBARA
Water From the Ocean to Be Utilizei
for the Purpose*
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 27.— The
pumping plant for supplying Santa Bar
bara with salt water for street-sprinkling
purposes is at last in successful operation
and Barbarenos will now have smooth,
well-sprinkled streets, insteadof the dusty
ones which they have been afflicted with
all summer. The new pipe line takes
water from the ocean near tne wharf and
runs directly to the Santa Barbara Ice
Works, where the pumping is done, and
from tnere to the upper part of town,
where it is the intention to bare two large
tanks in the near future. The completion
of this system marks the advent of a new
era in Santa Barbara, as the summer
months have been noted for their dusti
ness. Many of the Santa Barbara people
have been skeptical as to the merits of salt
water for street sprinkling, but it has
worked very successfully in Santa Monica
and is certainly a great improvement on
the dust.
SUICIDE AT THE DALLES.
Richard Clostnr's Self- Destruction Was
Deliberately Planned.
;; THE DALLES, Or. , Aug.. 27.-Richard
< Clqster, ~ who • attempted ■: suicide \ Sunday,
died to-day. ; It was apparent that the old
gentleman had carefully studied over the
; matter end came ■ to the conclusion that
he would end his life. He had the same
pleasant smile and nod for his friends up
to the very last time i he was seen. i: A few
days ; ago he ; remarked, '■■ apparently by
chance, ; to Harry p Clough that he had
made 7no change in his will. To Mr.
Schutz he gave a letter addressed to Mrs.
Vierra, which containoci a check for $1500,
with the instruction to be sure and de
liver it :to the person addressed. Mr.
Closter was worth! several thousand dol
lars in notes and money, though he owned
no real estate so far as known. His purse
contained $130 in cash; ;
STATE FARMERS
IN BUSY SESSION.
Papers on Topics of Vital
Importance Are
Read.
AN ESSAY ON INSECTS.
Professor Cook's Valuable Sug
gestions to Fruit Growers
and Shippers.
J. S. CLARK ON SMALL FRUITS.
Co-operation Is Urged in Order That
Producers Hay Protect Them*
selves.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 27.— The lecond
day of the State Farmers' Institute at El
Cajon was full of interest to all in attend
ance. There were valuable papers on sev
eral topics of vital importance to fruit
growers and shippers.
The first paper of importance after the
question-box had been opened and the
many subjects discussed was Professor A.
J. Cork's essay on insects. He gave the
formula of his best kerosene emulsion as
follows: Fifty gallons of water, twelve
and a half pounds of whaleoil soap, heat
to boiling point, add twenty-five gallons
of kerosene and then add 225 gallons of
water.
Professor Cook dwelt upon the fact that
all insects are not pests, and urged upon
parents the need of bo educating their
children that they will know at a glance
the use and purpose of every insect com
monly met. He gave very interesting ex
amples of the different types and their
mode of subsistence. Thus, the preda
ceous insect attacks his enemy and at
once proceeds to devour him. An example
of this class is the vedaiia cardinalis,
which has been so useful in disposing of
scale. Another type is the chalcid fly,
which lays her eggs in the enemy and
then allows time and her successors to
work out results.
He spoke of the good done by the
rhigabius in Cooper's olive orchard at
Santa Barbara and thought its lack of
success in some places might be due to
certain conditions of climate or temper
ature.
A Pasadena expert, J. 8. Clark, fur
nished a valuable paper on small fruits,
in which be says the grower must first
have good soil and plenty of water. For
blackberries take a mellow soil, summei
prune close and water between rows; too
much water will make soft fruit. He
would have the rows ten feet apart and
plants five feet apart in rows, or if he had
plenty of room plant Bxß or 10x10. Cran
dall is his favorite. Raspberries need a
m cd ium h e avy soil. Cuth bur tis very good .
London and Golden Qnaen are new, but
seem to be valuable. Black Caps are no
good in California. The Logan berry is a
good yielder and promises well. Goose
berries and currants are not very good.
Strawberries are surest for market crop.
Monarch of the West is a good bearer
from mountains to sea, but soft for mar
ket. Arizona everbearing is partial to a
loose, warm soil. It is good at Pasadena.
At La Mesa they bear from February to
November.
At the afternoon session Captain A.
Green of National City gave an ex
cellent paper on "Marketing Fruits." He
said hard times were not local, but that
good fruit could always be sold. He spoke
of honest packing, and said the top layer
should never be better that the balance
of the package. T. H. B. Chamblin
of Riverside, who organized the first ex
changes at Riverside, spoke upon "Fruit
Exchanges," and gave good reasons why
co-operation was the only reasonable way
for the producers to protect themselves.
8. C. Dondore of Alpine gave a very in
teresting paper on "Growing Everything
for the Garden," and showed conclusively
that a rancher could every day in the
year have an excellent variety of vegetables
for home use at small cost. He also spoke
of the Logan berry, and thought it a valu
able acquisition.
In the question-box several questions of
minor importance were asked and an
swered. The best time to prune lemons
for a heavy summer crop is thought to be
from October to December.
Professor Wickson took up "The Agri
cultural Uses of the Imagination," and
handled the subject in a scholarly way.
SAN DIEGO AS A TERMINUS.
Confidence Still hxprensed in Getting
the A«w Steamship Line.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 27.— A. C.
Butler, who brought the proposition
from President Asano of the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha Steamship Company to San Diego
and Los Angeles business men, arrived to
night from Los Angeles. He is convinced
that Asauo will make another and more
favorable proposition with a view to
making Ban Diego the terminus of the
steamer line and would certainly ask for
a proposition from Southern California
even if disposed to make none himself, in
view of the fact that traffic arrangements
have already been made with the Santa
Fe. Butler is confident that the line will
come to San Diego. He leaves to-morrow
morning for New York City to meet
Asano. The meeting of Asano with C. P.
Huntington, according to Butler, only
concerns the passenger traffic indicated in
the proposition which was rejected at Los
Angeles yesterday.
ALASKA OIL WELLS.
Important Discovery Made by a Resident
of Washington.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 27.— A. H.
Eddy of Hartford, Wash., an ex-member
of the State Legislature, has returned
from Alaska, where he reports having dis
covered two great petroleum wells in
mountains not far back from the coast
and within about 100 miles of Juneau.
He brought samples of crude oil, which
he proposes to have tested. Tiiere is a
flow of 200 or 300 barrels daily, Eddy al
leges, from each well, and he thinks itnot
improbable that this section may rival
the great oil fields of Pennsylvania.
DEACON OLDHAM' S SENTENCE,
Eight Yean in Foliom for the Crime of
Stage Robbery.
UKIAH, Cal., Aug. 27.— David Oldham,
generally known aa Deacon Olahnm, was
today sentenced to serve eight years in
Folsom prison for the crime of stage rob
bery. Old bam was formerly a highly
respected person, and was a deacon of the
Baptist church in this city, but a year
ago last June, while working on his um
ber claim, he ana one George Hilton
planned and committed the robbery of the
Booneville stage, some five mil^a from
Ukiah. Hilton confessed and pleaded
guilty, but the deacon still maintains his
innocence. He was tried in July, 1895,
and convicted and sentenced to serve
twelve years, out the Supreme Court
granted him a new trial. He was tried
twice during the present month on a
charge of perjury, but the jury disagreed
both times. He was then tried for stage
robbery and convicted. Considerable in
terest was manifested in this case, as sev
eral members of the church were taking
an active part on behalf of the deacon.
MURDER FIFE AT ASTORIA.
Another Crime Itettilts From the Fishers
men's Vendetta.
ASTORIA, Ob., Aug. 27.— 0n the night
of May 27, during the fishing strike, three
men and one woman were murdered on
the river shortly after leaving the whisky
scow of John Swenson, near Clifton. The
murdered men — non-union fishermen —
were supposed at the time to have been
murdered by union fishermen and the
woman killed because she was with them.
Great excitement prevailed and the county
offered $1000 reward, but no arrests were
made. « .
Swenson is now suspicioned, because it
has been proved that he was dead drunk
during that night. Since then he has been
drunk most of the time, but sobered up
the past few days. This morning at 5
o'clock he was murdered on his scow by
parties unknown. He was shot through
the body with a load of buckshot. The
body was not discovered for several hours.
It was first thought to be a case of suicide,
but an examination by the Coroner clearly
showed murder. The murderers evi
dently feared he might tell what be
knew of the murder of the three men and
the woman.
An inquest will be held to-morrow,
when a more searching investigation will
be made by the Sheriff. It is probable
that an additional reward will be offered.
CAPTURED AT SPOKANE,
By a Shrewd Device a Bold
Bank Burglar Is Landed
in Prison.
"Was a Fugitive From Los Angeles,
Where He Is Wanted for a
Daring Crime.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 27.— The most
important capture made by the police of
this city for some time was accomplsbed
when Detective Bringgold yesterday
landed behind the bars Fred Jones, the
Los Angeles bank burglar. Monday even
ing the police became aware of the
presence of Jones in the City. He was
going by the name of Toy and was work
ing in the kitchen of a cheap Main-street
restaurant. When Detective Bringgold
went in to arrest him he was cutting meat
with a Dig butcher-knife, which he held in
a threatening manner, and asked what
was the cause of his arrest. Bringgold
told him that he and the proprietor of the
restaurant were being arrested for keep
ing a nuisance in throwing slops out of
the back door. This threw Jones off the
track, for helauehed and said, "All right,
I'll go along with you."
When they reached toe jail he was
booked on that charge, and Webber, the
restaurant man, was taken aside and told
the cause of the arrest. As soon as Jones
was placed behind the bars he knew the
jig was up.
Jones has been in Spokane but a short
time, coming here from Rossland, B. C,
where it is thought he went immediately
after leaving Los Angeles. He has a
brother at Rossland in the butctier busi
ness, but who is not going under the name
of Jones. The brother no doubt knew of
the crime for which his brother was
sought, and he had been trying to shield
him, although the Rossland man is not
supposed to have been connected with the
Los Angeles affair.
Though the capture of Jones was made
on Tuesday the matter was kept quiet by
the police, as they desired a complete de
scription from Los Angeles of the man,
that there might be no mistake. The in
formation has arrived and officers will be
here after their man this afternoon or to
morrow. Jones as yet has not been in
formed that he is held as a fugitive from
justice, but that is the offense for winch
be was booked for trial, which has been
delayed.
NEW TO-DAY.
The application of a little
I common sense will solve the
I problem— will answer, almost
h before it is asked, the question,
I "Who can sell clothing to you
I I cheaper — the largest wholesale
U manufacturers on the Pacific
Coast or the dealer who Pacific
Coast or the dealer who buys of
the wholesaler ?"
If Brown Bros. & Co., proprietors
|| pi of the Oregon City Woolen Mills
A of the Oregon City Woolen Mills
— the only manufacturers retail-
fji& ing in San Francisco— save you
the dealer's profit and hence are
I '111 1 public benefactors.
iff a A public benefactors.
I 1 1 II X 3 Look for the Blue Signs and
!■ 1 1 1 1 U he Nos. 121-123 above the door—
f% -*—■ --— I that's where clothing is retailed
1 1 n in sn on at wh ° iesaie p™^-
%Jr v 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 i We Ive 0U more value in a
I ten-dollar suit and overcoat than
Il|ll|A.|| l any retail house can . for $18 or
\ U l l v U 20 - Let us prove it to you.
Oulluu i
jßu^w N bros " & ~^°
VTholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen. Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET*
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
NOGALES BANDITS
ARE SURROUNDED.
Troops Come to the Assist
ance of Marshal
Hall.
THE OUTLAWS IN A TRAP
While Well Armed and Pro
visioned They Cannot
Escape.
HOT FIGHTING IS EXPECTED.
The Desperadoes Occupy a Fortified
Position and Will Not Be
Taken Alive.
SILVER CITY, N. M., Aug. 27.-Word
was received here last night that the nine
men composing the gang of desperadoes
who robbed the Separ postoffice, held up
the Nogales Bank and killed and wounded
several members of the party which pur
sued them, are surrounded in Skeleton
Canyon, in Cochise County, Ariz., by a
posse of United States Marshals, acting
under Marshal Hall of New Mexico, and
two conpanies of troops from Fort Bayard
and Fort Grant, and that an attack will
be made as soon as the troops and Mar
shals have entirely surrounded the place
where the robbers are supposed to be for
tified.
Upon learning of the location of the
robbers Marshal Hall received instructions
from the department to call upon the
troops, if necessary, and yesterday Com
pany D of the Seventh Cavalry, under
command of Lieutenant Clark, left Fort
Bayard' for the scene to co-operate with a
company ordered out from Fort Grant last
night, in pursuance to a ttlegram received
from Marshal Hall. A citizens' posse,
under charge of Deputy Simmona, was
organized and left here to act with the
posses from Deming, Lordsburg and other
places.
The robbers are reported to occupy a
strongly fortified position, with plenty of
arms and provisions, and tbe character of
the country is such that they can success
fully resist a force of many times their
number. Every member of the gang is a
noted criminal and they have been oper
ating on the border successfully for sev
eral months, committing crimes of every
description.
Tbe attack upon the stronghold of the
robbers will likely be made this evening.
The force under Marshal Hall now num
bers nearly 150 men and a fight will likely
occur, as the robbers have announced
their determination to never be taken
alive. Since the Nogales affair there have
been several additions to tbe gang.
TO V ISIT CRATER LAKE.
A Forty -Of Scientist* Will atari. From
Ashland To-day.
ASHLAND, Or., Aug. 27.— Five mem
bers or the Government Forestry Com
mission, headed by Professor Sargent, ar
rived here to-day accompanied by W. G.
Steel of Portland, and are preparing to
start from here to-morrow morning to
visit Crater Lake and portions of the Cas
cade reserve.
John Muir, the distinguished California
scientist and geologist, will arrive to-mor
row to join the party, which will take a
seven days' trip through the mountains of
this part of the Cascade forest reservation.
Piofessor Everman of the Government
Fish Commission, who went with the
Mazama excursion from here to Crater
Lake, has returned. His trip was made to
investigate whether or not food existed in
the waiters of Crater Lake sufficient to
maintain fish life. He made a careful ex
amination of the lake and found ample
food supplies therein for fishNATIVE SON DAY
AT STOCKTON.
General Committee Meets
and Listens to
Reports.
MORE MONEY IS NEEDED
Minstrel Entertainment for the
Benefit of the Water Car
nival Fund.
THE TWO -DAY PROGRAMME.
Magnitude of the Celebration Taxes
the Endurance and Resources of
the Management.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 27.— The gen
eral committee having charge of the com
ing Native Sons' celebration met to-night
and listened to the reports of the sub
committees.
The arrangements are complete for the
minstrel performance which is to be given
at the Yosemite Theater next Wednesday
night for the benefit of the water canival
fund. There was a splendid rehearsal to*
night. The box-sheet will be open at 9
o'clock next Monday morning.
The following is the programme tor the
celebration adopted :
September B— Afternoon: Reception to
incoming parlors. Evening: Grand torch
light procession on the arrival of the San
Francisco parlors.
September 9— Parade at 10 a. m. ; literary
exercises at the Yosemite Theater im
mediately after the parade ; bicycle races
at Goodwater Grove at 1:30 p.m.; cham
pionship regatta on Stockton channel at
3:20 p. m. ; water carnival on Stockton
channel at Bp. M. ; ball at the pavilion at
9:45 p. m.
Chairman Grnnsky of the entertainment
committee reported that the programme
for the literary exercises to be held in the
Yosemite Theater had been arranged.
This will consist of music by Ritzau's
band, a prayer by Past Grand President
Frank H. Dunne, the presentation to the
audience of Grand President Gesford by
Grand Marshal Nutter, a song by a clever
quartet, an address of welcome by Mayor
Baggs and the response by Grand Presi
dent Gesford. There wijl be a number of
other selections by the band.
To-night another special committee was
appointed to raise more funds, iorthe gen
eral committee has found that the cele
bration is going to be carried out on such
a erreat scale that more money will be re
quired to properly put into effect the
numerous schemes that have been decided
on.
Chairman Grant of the carnival com
mittee reported that the parade on the
water would be go Jong that the end of it
ooud not leave McLeods Lake until the
first part of the pageant had reached the
hea i of Stockton Channel on its way bacK
from the lightship that is to be stationed
far down the channel below the lower
warehouses.
This means that the parade on the
water will be lontrer than any that has
ever been seen on the water in this State.
The tannery, which is located near the
head of the lake, has offered to furnish
power for operating the hundreds of elec
tric lights that are to be placed on the
bnikhead at the head of the lake.
The street department nas been busy
cleaning up all thf streets and avenues,
that the city may have a cleanly appear
ance when the Native Sons visit it.
Already decorations have been placed
on a number of the big main str< ets and
stores and the city is now beginning to
look in gala attire.
The Native Daughters are busy com
pleting their arrangements. They will
parade with the visiting brothers and will
look very pretty in their white duck
dresses, sailor hats and white parasols.
The decoration committee has added
another feature to the illumination of the
courthouse.
Every room in it is lighted with natural
gas, and all the globes will be colored red,
white, blue and yellow, and every window
will be opened so that the entire building
will be one blaze within and without of
colored lights. With the hundreds of in
candescent lights on the dome and the
strings of Japanese lanterns reaching from
the roof to the archways, erected at the
six entrances of the square, the big granite
structure will present a decidedly beauti
ful appearance.
THE NEWS O F SAN JOSE,
Harry Eel], Poheim's Manager,
Kills Himself at Ogden,
Utah.
Leaves a Widow and Two Small
Children— Hs Life Insured
lor $2000.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 27.-Harry Bell,
the manager of Poueirn's tailoring estab
lishment in this city, who disappeared
very mysteriously last Saturday morning,
committed suicide at Ogden, Utah, yester
day. Mrs. Bell received a telegram from
Coroner Hill of Ogden last evening saying
that her i usband had killed himself, bu
no particulars were given. B»!l left home
last Saturday morning about 7 o'clock to
go to work, and from that time till his
death was reported at Ogden no trace of
him could be found. He was suffering
from consumption and despondent, and it
is thought he started East in a temporary
fit of in-anity. Mrs. Bel! left this evening
for Ogden, and in all probability his re
mains will be taken Ea?t for interment.
Harry Bell was a native of Indiana,
aged 31 years. He came to this coast
about ten years ago. He was an expert
cutter, and had been in Poheim's employ
ior a number of year*. Besides the widow
two sm.iil children survive him. He was
a member of the Knights of Pythias and
leaves a $2000 liie-insurance policy.
XA.TIVKS GOJXG 1O STOCKTO!*.
Hill Charter the A I vino to Convey Them
to the Carnienl.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 27.— At a joint
committee meeting of the local parlors of
the N. 6. G. W. last evening it was decided
to charter the steamer Alviso to convey
them to Stockton ior the Admission day
celebration. They will leave .San Jose
Senteruber 8. and expect to return on the
10th. A brass band will accompany the
excursion and there will be dancing on
board the boat. Edward Healey, J. W.
Sullivan and Robert Leanian are tae com
mittee that has the affair in charge.
W. C. T. V. Election of Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 27.— The W. C.
T. U. have elected officers for the ensu-ng
term, as follows: Mrs. C. M. Ayers. presi
dent; Mrs. S. W. Thompson, recording
secretary; Mrs. E. L. Kimball, treasurer;
Mrs. Craig, financial secretary; Mrs. L. A.
Borton, corresponding secretary.
The following vice-presidents were
chosen from the various churches: First
vice-president, Mrs. Gilchnst; First Pres
byterian, Mrs. C. P. Bailey; First Metho
dist Episcopal. Mrs. Lake; Second Presby
terian, Mrs. Carey; Congregational, Mrs.
Saunders; Centeila, Mrs. Churchill; Bap
'i«t, Mrs. Parkinson; Swedenborgiari, Mrs.
Hammond; Unitarian, L. J. Watkins;
Bowman Methodist Episcopal, Mrs. Prid
dy; Episcopal, Mrs. Thompson ; Cumber
land Presbyterian, Mrs. Mount; South
Methodist Episcopal, Mrs. Jenkines.
NEWS OF LOS ANGELES.
Police Elated Over the Capture
of Fred W. Jones at
Spokane.
From His Resort the Famous Tunne
Was Bug to the First
National Bank.
Los Akgeles Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway. V
Los Angeles, CAL., v Aug. 27. )
The Police Department of this city is
in high feather over the reported arrest of
one Fred W. Jones at Spokane, IVash.
Jones is the gentleman who conducted the
"Spokane" saloon at 112 Commercial
street, this city, which was the blind
through which the famous tunnel was
dug to the basement of the First National
Bank on Mam street in June last. Tnis
has been pronounced the most re
markable and daring in the annals of at
tempted crimes in this State. It had for
its object the blowing up of the bank vault
and the destruction of thousands of dol
lars' worth of property. It took weeks
to accomplish the work, and the burglars,
without interruption, found at last that
nothing could be done without detection,
ana they voluntarily quit the job and left
Los Angeles without leaving a shadow or
a trace as to their identity. The Jones
arrest is the first one of any individual
supposed to have had anything to do with
the tunnel scheme, and it is confidently
predicted that through this capture the
whole story will be divulged. Detective
Auble left here last night for Sacramento,
where he will secure the necessary requi
sition papers to get possession of Jones.
SOFFENIR GLIDE BOOK.
Aeat Little Brochure Published by the
Jiailway Conductor*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 27.— A very
neatly printed souvenir guide book has
just been published by the Order of Rail
way Conductors ot this city to be distrib
uted among the members of the order
throughout the United States. Within its
dainty covers is much well-digested infor
mation concerning Los Angeles and vi
cinity. It is issued to give just the infor
mation needed by those who expect to at
tend the twenty-sixth session of ihe Grand
Division of the Order of Railway Con
ductors to be held in this city beginning
May 11, 1897. This will be one of the larg
est conventions ever held in the State and
it is expected that there will be fully 30,000
guests in Los Angeles, composed "of the
deleeates, ti eir familif s and iriends.
; The printine committee who compiled|tbe
little brochure is: F. W. Bunnell, R. T.
Hedrick and J. E. Hartell. It contains
half-tones of leading hotels in Southern
California and scenes of interest and will
be of much value to those preparing to at
tend the session.
WOOED A FICKLE GIRL.
Joseph D. Shippee of Beniela Placed in
a tiidiculou* Plight.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 27.— Joseph
D. Shippee of Benicia just now realizes
with tremendous force the fickleness of a
pretty girl's mind. The "Benicia boy,"
who is said to be well-to-do, up to this
afternoon feit secure in the love of pretty
Miss Bertha E. Doun of Pomona. The
way the story runs every preparation was
complete for a marriage between the two —
the license had been secured, the trousseau
made and the guests invited — when Mi3s
Doun realized that she did not love heY
lover as she should, and thereupon refused
to lot the ceremony proceed. Miss Doun
claims to have observed a marked change
in Mr. Shippee's manner, and this had the
effect of deciding her to decline to con
summate the union. In a flood of tears
and mutiny the bride-elect declared in
vehement terms that she would never
marry Mr. Shippee. The situation \va^
extremely awkward and painful. Some of
Miss Doun's friends tried to reason with
her, but she abruptly declined all over
tures for a reconciliation.
The assembled guests were, therefore,
instructed to retire to their homes, which
they did. The minister took his departure
minus his fee and Mr. Shippee immedi
ately left for his northern home. The
parties to the surprising romance are all
well connected.
Arrested on n Charge of Forgery.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 27.— Frank
Butler, alias Tiliman, who was arrested
on a charge of forgery, pleaded not guilty
this morning. There is a suspicion that
he has been tampering with mails and
that Uncle Sam will take a hand J in the
melee. Butler was at one time a prosper
ous and substantial business man of Los
Gatos and is well known in the north. He
became addict d to drink, and this has
I proven his ruin.
, • .
Sonottia'a Organization.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 27.— The Re
publicans of Sonoma County are unusu
ally well organized this year and are mak
ing a vigorous campaign of education.
i Hon. A. G. Burnett and O. O. Weber ad
i dressed a large audience to-night in Occi
i dental, and on Saturday right M. Burnett
and Hon. F. J. Murphy will address the
voters of Geyserville. On Monday night
Mr. Burnett and Mr. Duckworth will
speak In Heald.-burg. The services of Mr.
.Burnett are always in demand during a
| political campaign, and it is no unusual
I ihinc for this eloquent sneaker to deliver
I four or five addresses in one week. Mr.
Duckworth is also a well-known speaker,
and will address the people of Petaluma
Saturday evening on the occasion of the
visit tnere of United States Senator George
C. Perkins. The letter of acceptance of
the Republican standard-bearer was en
thusiastically received here, and has
turned iunny to thinking of the real issue
of the campaign.
» .—
ttan Diego Police investigation.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 27.— The Poiice
Commissioners be_ran an investigation to
day of the charges of incompetency and
insubordination preferred by Mayor Carl
son against Chief Brenning.
Dramatic celebb/ties of pioneer days de-
scribed in the W asp's great special edition of
sixty pages of pictures. Out Saturday. *
THE SAIST Trass CISCO CALL., FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 13»«.
SPEEDING ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
Relay Riders Crossing the
Great American Des
ert.
KEEN INTEREST SHOWN
Hard Riding in the Night to
Meet the Schedule
Time.
WILD RUMORS OF DISASTER.
The Ascent of the Rocky Mountains
Will Begin To-Morrow Morn
ing.
The gallant riders in the transconti
nental relay of the San Francisco Ex
aminer and the New York Journal are
wheeling to-day on the desert between
the great mountain chains. Everywhere
on the route the advent of the relay riders
excites enthusiasm. Interest in the event
is not confined to wheelmen, but is mani
fested by all classes of the population.
From time to time dispatches based on
wild rumors of casualty to riders reach
the Examiner office in this City, but when
the wires bring accurate tidings it is found
in every case that trifling mishaps have
been magnified into disaster.
When within eighteen miles of Love
lock, Nev., between 2 and 3 o'clock yester
day morning, both the riders on the May
broke down and a man had to go out
eighteen miles on a wheel and bring in the
packet.
At 5:50 a. m. yesterday Rye Patch was
reached.
The riders arrived at Winnemucca at
10:15 A. M., and at Golconda at 11:40 a. m.
The station at Stonebouse, Nevada, was
passed at 1 :41 p. M. yesterday. '
Yesterday afternoon at 3:35 the riders
got to Battle Mountain thoroughly ex
hausted. Lemaire's substitute had given
out, and that rider came in alone.
At 6:35 last evening the relay rider tele
graphed his arrival at Beowawe, Nevada.
There has not been a marked departure
from the schedule. Yesterday morning
at 4 o'clock the riders were due at Mill
City, Nev., but they did not arrive until
7:42 a. M. — three hours and forty-two
minutes late. Some of the lost time was
made up during the day. The schedule
called for arrival at Beowarve at 4:05 P. m.
yesterday. The riders wired arrival at
6:35, only I\i hours late, showing quite a
make-up in the daylight across the desert.
Linstrom and Gowan riding between
Hot Springs and White Springs were both
unfortunate. The former took a header,
his wh -el striking a railroad tie alongside
the track. Later on Gowan ran into a cul
vert and broke his wheel. The indications
are that the Nevada wheelmen are riding
recklessly in an effort to hold onto the
schedule through their territory.
The relay riders will be in Eastern Ne
vada all day to-day.
The schedule says that they shall be at
Ogden at 2 a. m. Saturday, when the
real work of ascending the Rocky Moun
tains is about to begin. The nde to Sher
man, should the Union Pacific route be
followed, will be uphill all the way from
Ogden. Hard work in adhering to the
schedule may be expected. It need not
surprise any one if the relay-rider touch
ing the crest of the Rockies should be fix
or eight hours late.
Down the mountains to Cheyenne the
riders may go as if the fellow with the
lorked tail were after them. From Chey
enne to Omaha there is down grade, but
so gradually that it is not perceptible. It
seems to the eye perfectly level, but there
is enough fall forihe water to flow through
the Platte to the Missouri.
Across lowa there is some up grade in
reaching the ridpe which divides the Mis
sissippi and Missouri water-sheds.
Between Cheyenne and Omaha skillful
riders should make a great record for
speed. Omaha will probably be reached
in advance ot the time appointed by the
schedule.
It is not yet decided whether the great
mountains will be ciossed on the Union
Pacific line, or farther south.
BAPTISTS AT TWIN LAKES
Closing of the Most Remarkable
Convention Ever Held in
California.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. Aur. 27.— 500n
after the tolling this morning of the early
bell which arouses the dwellers at Twin
Lakes from their slumbers, the Baptist
Chnrch was filled with delegates to listen
to a Bible reading by J. Spencer Norvell
of Fresno, with which devotional exer
cises the third day's session of the most
remarkable Baptist convention ever held
in California was closed. This convention
has been remarkable for the earnest Chris
tian spirit and progressiveness shown in
every department of the work. There has
been no moment of inactivity or hesita
tion. The work has Deen done with
promptness and with that spirit which
augurs well for the coming year.
At the second session of the day, which
occupied the time from 9 o'clock till noon,
the following committees were appointed:
Place and preacher— Revs. M. F. Boynton of
Ban Francisco, W. D. Gray of Morgan Hill
B. H. Farmer of Potter Valley and C. J. Thomp
son of San Jose; P. Peterson of the Swedish
Baptist Church.
Resolutions— G. W. Swift. W. R. Strong and
J. 11. ilargreaves.
fcunday-schoois— Rev. T. D. Hughes, Henry
Jackson, Robert X. Lynch, Miss M. E. Berger
ami Mrs. M. P. Boynton.
Religious literature— Revs. J. Sunderland
I). P. Ward, R. D. Clarke, Mrs. A. Celia Hig
gins, Mrs. Jamos Sunderland.
Ojltuaries— Rev. C. Spurgeon, Medhurst:
J. ii. Saxton D.D., H. I. Waite, Mrs E. W. Darl
ling a: d Mrs. I. J. Keetch.
Americnn liapti.-t Misßionnry Union— Revs
Robert Whitaker, F. S. Lswrpnee, M. Slaughter'
Mr-. Latourette and Mrs. H*therstonc
American Baptist Home Missions Society-
Rev. F. M. Mitchcl J. E. AiJeu. G. \V Donnel
Mr-. E. V. Joy and F. S. Lawrence.
American Baptist Publication Boc'etv—
Revs. & H. Kobart, I. D. Wood. W. B. Uow'niue
W. 11. Latourette. *'
The Woman's Baptist Foreign Mission
ary Society held its sesvon in the alter
noon. Mrs. C. M. Hill of Oakland pre
sided. The illness of in, Walton of
Japan was mentioned and expressions ol
hope for her recovery were voiced. The
society was show", to be in good spiritual
and financial co'idition.
Rev. C. M. Hill presented his report on
foreign missions, shewing that with an
eighth of the expenditure maJe by five of
the greatest missionary societies of
America, this society had one-half aa
many communicants as tne combined five.
In the evening Rev. U. Spurgeon of Med
burst preached an interesting and useful
sermon on foreign missions. The entire
session of to-day has been a combination
of profitable incidents.
McKINLEY'S LETTER PRAISED.
Telling Words of a Strong Man on Vital National
Issues*
Major William McKinley's letter of ac
ceptance of the Republican nomination
for the Presidency, as published yester
day morning, was read and studied
with widespread interest and by
a larger number of citizens than
any other similar document in many a
National campaign. It delighted Repub
licans generally and increased their con
fidence in the soundness of the candidate's
views on the two great questions— tariff
and finance.
From the interviews published below it
is also apparent that the letter of accept
ance found its way into the silver camp
and made some willing and voluntary cap
tives. Republicans unite in saying that
the letter will strengthen the party not
only in California, but in every State
where there are silent factories and idle
men.
The letter was all the talk in local
political circles yesterday. It attracted a
larger number of readers than usually
falls to the lot of voluminous documents.
E. I. Taylor in I.iDe With the Letter.
Edward I. Taylor, in speaning of the
letter, said: "Mr. McKinley has treated
of the money Question very clearly and
well. He has had the wisdom to give it
first place in his letter; that is to say, he
has recognized that it is the issue of the
campaign. Talking of the tariff is like
discussing last year's birds nests. It is
not a thing in men's minds. It is the
b lunder of the Republican campaign that
it is given prominence.
"If McKinley is elected he will be elected
by disaffected Democrats. Then why
irritate them by talking of a matter to
which they are pronouncedly disinterested
or opposed? To be sure, I can understand
why it is done in this State. The Repub
licans committed the folly of giving
an expression opposed to the atti
tude of the Republican platform
in advanfce of the platform and
they are somewhat handicepped; cannot
get out and declare themselves on the
platform as they would probably like to
now. McKinley, however, has taken the
proper position and will win friends and
supporters by hia letter. Perhaps if he
had not paid so much attention to the
tariff as he did he would have done
better. However, money is the issue, and
he has stated the situation in that regard
admirably. The free coinage of silver is
an absurdity that must be realized by
every man who thinks. The idea of this
country sustainine the ratio of silver un
der free coinage against the world is an
impossibility."
Mr. Reynolds Calls Free Coinage Idiocy.
James Reynolds, a Henry George Dem
ocrat, speaking of the letter, said: "The
free coinage of silver is the merest idiocy.
They have all lost their heads, including
Henry George. The finest bit of sarcasm
I ever saw was printed in The Call this
morning, entitled the 'Free Coinage of
Pigiron.' It states the situation exactly
with regard to silver. Just as well might
we try to sustain the ratio of pigiron
against gold as silver against gold and all
the world."
James A. Waymlre Calls It Magnificent.
Judce James A. Waymire, a McKinley
man for many years, is enthusiastic over
the letter of acceptance. "It is magnifi
cent," be said. "I was so delighted that
I sent this telegram to Major McKinley:
Your letter is excellent. Will carry the
Pacific Coast States sure.
"What gratifies me most," continued
Judte Waymire, "is Major McKinley's
declaration on the money question. The
fact is emphasized that the Republican
party is not against silver. It is for bi
metallism. The letter, too, speaks out
firmly for protection, and the sentiments
expressed will strengthen the party on
this coast. The Republicans will carry
California, Major McKinley's letter
should be read by every voter in the
State."
McKinley a Great Statesman, Says
Colonel J. C. Currier.
Colonel J. C. Currier, division adjutant
of the National Guard of California, is de
lighted with the letter of acceptance. He
said: "It is an able document, and so
simple that a child can understand the
silver question. The letter is the work of
a great statesman, and it will win the
country to McKinley. I never read a
campaign speech oi greater convincing
force and logic."
John F. Sheehan Says It Will Electrify
the Country.
"Major McKinley's letter will electrify
the country more than Bryan's speech
electrified the Chicago convention. It is
the ablest document, in my judgment,
ever presented to the people of this coun
try. It is so clear and simple that any one
can understand it. It makes the silver
question plain. Again it comes out
strongly for protection. It is a great let
ter, and stamps Major McKinley as a great
statesman."
E. D. Peixotto Tells Why He Admires It.
"Major McKinle>'s letter of acceptance
is a masterly exposition of Republican
principles. No one can now say that Mc-
Kinley is silent on the money auestion."
E. B. Dlmond Think* All Voters Should
Kead It.
"It is a convincing letter," said E. R.
Dimond, "and should be read by every
voter. In a month from now Republicans
will wonder that they ever had any alarm
about the result. Major McKinley is sure
to be elected."
An Able Document, Says General Tried
rich.
'•Major McKinley's letter of acceptance,"
said General R. A. Friedrich, "is one of the
ablest documents ever placed before the
country. The simple yet clear and con
vincing exposition of the money question
should have great weieht. It is gratifying
also that Major McKinley takes a firm
stand on the grand old principle of protec
tion to American labor. I shall wire him
the hearty congratulations of his comrades
of the Army and Navy Republican
League."
Mr. Wakeman » ecomiuenris it to La
borers and Manufacturer-*.
Ernest H. Wakeman said: "The letter
of acceptance is in my opinion one of the
most masterful expressions of the needs of
the country at the present time that has
been put before the people. It is one that
the laborers and manufacturers would do
well to caretully study beiore deciding
which way to vole, and I think when com
pared with Bryan's letter of acceptance
there can be only one result as to the in
tention of the voters of this country, in
my opinion, and that is that protection to
American industries and American labor
is paramount to any other consideration.
"Four years ago the cry was: % Vo;e for '
Cleveland and get $1 25 for your bushel of |
wheat.' That was an ignis fatuus. Now
the Democrats cry: 'Vote for silver.' That
is another ienis fatuus, and in my opinion
if Mr. Bryan is elected a greater crisis and
panic than was ever seen in this country
will follow, and the laborer will have
neither work nor money.
"McKinley's letter comes as the moat
important campaign document placed be
fore the people of the United States, and
I can see nothing better for the Republi
can party than that everybody, laborer
and capitalist, should devote sufficient
time to fu.ly comprehend the magnitude,
grandeur and importance of tne docu
ment."
Crowley's, the Keynote to Prosperity.
Chief Crowley said he bad not had
time to carefully read the letter of ac
ceptance, but he had laid it aside to read
whenever the opportunity offered.
"From the cursory glance I gave at it,"
said the Chief, "1 think McKinley has
struck the keynote to prosperity, and he
should be elected.
"I am for protection *o American indus
tries from its very base, and it alone can
open our mills and give employment to
thousands of willing artisans who are now
not earning a living.
"The country sadly needs a change, and
protection, I feel sure, will bring prosper
ous times."
Exactly Senator Perkins' Sentiment*.
Senator Perkins: "I think it is a gem. It
is expressive of true Republicanism and
has the right kind of a ring. I think
every Republican and every conservative
Democrat will indorse the sentiments ex
pressed. It will make an excellent docu
ment for Major McKinley to stand upon.
I am by it, as the boy was with the Lord's
prayer. I can hang it up and point to it
with pride, saying, 'Them's my senti
ments.'
"Major McKinley has sounded the key
note on the money and tariff issues, which
every man should see are the leading
question-, and I admire a man that can
produce such a document. California will
how her appreciation of the effort by the
majority she rolls up in November, and it
wilt not be a smull one."
Captain Witt man Calls It a Grand Let-
Captain Wittman said he had read the
letter of acceptance, and thought it was a
grand document. "I believe," said the
captain, "that if McKinley is elected there
will follow the most prosperous era that
this country has seen since the war. It's a
grand letter, and the man who wrote it
should win.
•'My proposition is to protect the Amer
ican laDorer irom tne cheap iabor of Japan
and Europe.
"When I was East a few months ago
big mills were pointed out to me that had
been running fullhanded under protec
tion, and where men were as a rule work
ing overtime. When the free-trade policy
was inaugurated some of these mills had
to shut down, and in others laborers and
mechanics are nowglad to be able to get
three or four days' work to enable them
to provide for their families.
"If McKinley is elected the country, in
my opinion, will become so prosperous
that capital will be looking around again
for investments."
Tattle Expected an Able Document
E. 0. Tuttle, ex-Deputy Collector of the
Port, said : "McKinley's letter of accept
ance is just the kind of document I would
expect from such a distinguished states
man.
"If he is elected, as I believe he will be,
it will inaugurate such an era of prosperity
for this country that has never before oeen
seen.
"I had the pleasure of putting the Mc-
Kinley bill into force, along with E. B.
Jerome, five days before it reached here,
and as I had of necessity to study it care
fully, it gave me a great admiration for
the man. I thought then, and I think
now, it was the best uossible thing for
this country. If it had been in effect up
to the present time it would have been
better for the country in every way. It
was by long odds the best .measure" ever
introduced into Congress for American
labor and should be reinstated in the laws
of the land.
"I am for protection and as high a tariff
as possible. For five j'ears I was encaged
in going to and from China and Japan. I
have hired Japanese to work as stevedores
for 20 Mexican cents per day, which is
equal to 10 cents of our money, and I
think it is about time our people should
protect themselves against such labor.
That taught me a great lesson in the
necessity for protection to American
labor."
James E. Daly Sara It is Remarkably
Intelligent.
James E. Daly, Deputy County Clerk,
said the letter of acceptance showed the re
markable intelligence and statesmanship
of Major McKinley, and proved that he
knows exactly what the crying needs of
the country are.
"I am entirely in accord with every
thins contained in the masteriv docu
ment," said Mr. Daly, "and McKinley's
election will, I feel certain, insure good
times for everybody. The trreat question
before the electors is protection against
I free trade, and no side issue should blind
| the eyes of the people to that important
fact."
Friecllander Speaks Out for Gold.
"McKinley's letter of acceptance," said
Manager Friedlander of the Columbia
Theater, "has only strensthened my
opinion of him as one of the ablest men
of the time. |For twenty long years I have
voted the straight Demoeratis ticket, and
ten years of that time in old Kentucky.
"1 am a firm believer in a gold standard.
That alone can save the country. I be
lieve in protection. If McKinley is elected
the country will be in a better condition
than it has been for a quarter of a
century."
Mr. Bowers Says It Voice* What Is Best
for the Nation.
"Major McKinley's letter of acceptance
as it appeared this morning, 1 ' said S. S.
Bowers, "was a masterly presentation of
the principles of the Republican party. I
wili admit, though I have been a life-long
Republican, that I am a littie tinged with
silver. Bui as a whole I think Mr. Mc-
Kinley voices what is best for the Nation.
He is a solid, safe man, and has had great
experience. His position on the mining
question, and on protection, must, from
the nature of his argument, appeal power
fully to all people who are anxious to rule
right. 1 am a McKinley man. In the
light of tne very able letter, in addition to
my belief in Republican principles as best
calculated to bring permanent prosperity
to the country, I am for Mr. McKinley."
Mr. Duncan Calls It the Greatest In
Years.
6upervisor A. M. Duncan of Mendocino,
who is at the Grand Hotel, said in regard
to the letter: "I was just talking to Sena
tor Flint about it as we were dining to
gether to-night at the Palace, and we have
agreed that it is the most com; lete and
perfect enunciation of sound political
principle that we have seen set forth in a
political document for years.
"Mr. MrKm ley's statement of the finan
cial situation is, to my mind, unanswer
able. 1 didn't Know that there was so
much to substantiate him. I never have
before seen anything so clear. On the
tariff, too, he is especially strong, as every
one knew he would be, being the greatest
advocate of the tariff that we have. And
the best of it is he is, as we believe, entirely
riirht. Give U3 Mr. McKinley for President
and we will soon have better times."
Senator Flint Declares It Will Increase
McKinley Totes.
Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan:
"I am entirely satisfied with Mr. Mc-
Kinley's position on every question. I
look upon his letter as all that could be
desired. It answers completely the
sophistries of the opposition on money,
free trade and other questions. It must
result in a greatly increased Republican
vote on this coast and will be as a whole
the slogan of the party throughout the
Nation. It is a plea for a safe and honest
political course. I indorse it and do so
with great pleasure."
C. S. Crittenden Thinks It a Reflex of
McKinley's History.
C. S. Crittenden, an old pioneer and
proprietor of the livery stable on Polk and
Geary streets, said: "It is such a docu
ment as I expected from Major McKinley.
The man's history and patriotism for
everything that can elevate the American
mechanic and laboring man all through
his course in Congress is fuily expressed
in that letter, and he will, without doubt,
be rewarded by the votes of the men
whom he seeks to benefit. With McKin
ley as President of the United States, the
entire Nation will, with one bound, as
sume that station of prosperity from
which an ill-advised President has dragged
it, by ana with the co-operation of nis
party in Congress."
Mr. Henry Compares McKinley With
A. C. Henry of Oakland: "I consider
McKinley's letter of acceptance the
greatest speech and the greatest argu
ment ever given to the Nation. It
is equal to Lincoln's acceptance,
inaugural or any of his messages to Con
gress during his term of office. It con
tains more real undisputable facts in the
form of words, of anything I ever saw.
"It is put in such a manner that any
man, woman or child may read and thor
oughly understand the situation, tie has
risen to the occasion, just as such a man
can when it is required of him."
,Better_Tirnea and McKinley Are Coming,
Says Judge Ogden.
Judge F. B. Ogden of Oakland: "The
letter of acceptance is the work of a states
man; a genius; one who fully understands
the present situation, and who can
look far into the distance and
see what is needed by a country
of this size. I think he has struck the
keynote of future prosperity in the three
leading thoughts — sound money, protec
tion and reciprocity. With these the
country is snre to see better times, and
then happiness will come to the working
men. Any attempt to have evaded these
three points would have been ruinous at
this time. I believe the letter will
strengthen the pany very materially in
this State."
Mr. Stratton Calls It Lucid on the
Money Question.
Fred S. Stratton of Oakland : "McKin
ley's letter of acceptance is not only strong
on the money question but it demonstrates
the results of our American protec
tive system of tariff and shows
the commercial value of reciprocity
treaties. The statements on the money
question are plain and easily ua
uerstood and make it very valu
able just at this time, when ora
tors are saying anything, regardless
of its truth. -There is no attempt to rele
gate the money question to the rear.
Had it been otherwise it wculd have
resulted fatally to the party here
on the Pacific Coast. As it
is it will materially assist in bringing men
to see the true situation and secure their
assistance in November at the polls."
[The Oakland Knqnirer Saya "A Strong
Document. "
The Oakland Enquirer, F. A. Leach,
editor, last evening said:
"It is an exceptionally strong document,
which comes up to tne expectation of all
members of the party and of ail friends of
sound finance who desired to see McKinley
take strong ground and (manifest a deter
NEW TO-DAY.
Join
Procession il^^M)
On its way to visit our Factory. Come in ft\v^i* D'/
and see the only exclusively white labor , As^V**M^!^s-^
Factorj on the Pacific Coast, and one of afcj£p>| ftlfjffi.yfo
the leading industries of California. J^fe^^^S^lW^Tff
Men's All-Wool Cassimere, Chev- VW^^niFr
iot and Scotch Tweed Suits, made to n I'jf /Via $ -
order in the latest style, $10 to $20. OVlitAwi
Equal to what other tailors charge Hf\
$20 to $35 for. Fit, workmanship ir2if~£ P\/V<3
and trimmings guaranteed. JflTP^3 'Tt^t''
= - All- Wool f - Trousers, to order, $3 to MfO < £$t&fo i -
Colombian Woolen Mills 'Jl §H\
541 Market Street.
Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts., ' t'^K^H-WC^f)TcS
SAN FRANCiSCO v / /Tfllw. _. •■ yvE/Mwv'^MlfeSl
mination to hold it against al: assaults of
his allied enemies. He has done all of
t:iat. He si>e:iks in v.o uncertain
tones. He comes squarely up to
the di.-cussion of the* money
question in the very beginning of the
letter, and calls things by their richt
names. From start to finish of the letter
there is not even a suspicion of hesitation
or dodging.
"Upon the subject of the tariff McKin
ley is as explicit as he is upon money.
There were people who desirod to see
him shelve the tariff issue in order to
conciliate the anti-free silver element
among the free traders; but MrKinlev
wouid not do that. He believes in tariff
protection as much as he does in sound
ruoney, and he maKes his earnestness
understood in every line and syllable bf
what he says on this subject.
•'McKinley has borne in mind that
he is not addressing special stu
dents in finance, but the common peo
ple of the country and he has been
plain in his statements and clear in
his arguments. No wayfaring man need
go astray in reading this communication.
His acceptance will strengthen McKinley
before the country and throw additional
vi;:or into the campaign."
Brief Words of Praise Caught Here
and There.
A. A. Louderback said: "It is simply
grand and such a document as will bring
thousands of votes to McKinley and
Hobart."
John Gilson, secretary of the Judson
Manufacturing Company for the past
eight years:
"I read it over twice, I was so much im
pressed with its force. I consider it simply
immense coming at this timj, when the
Democratic nominee is raising such a
whirlwind on his trail. But this whirl
wind will be lost sight of when the people
read ana carefully consider the language
used by thin great man."
George T. Covey of 1002 Polk street:
"The letter, as a whole, is one of th«
best expressions of Republican policy on
the financial question that has as yet
been issued from the pen of any
man. It should settle the question
to the mind of any rational
thinking mau. It is so unlike the super
ficial babble of Mr. Bryan, who reminds
me of the river Piatte, wh.ch is 1000 miles
long and only six inches deep. The body is
all on the surface."
G. S. Graham, bookkeeper, 935 Sutter
street: "Of course it suits me; but that
is nothing as compared to the interest
with which it has been received by the
merchants ami business men witfc. whom
I have come in contact during tne day. It
will make thousands of votes for McKin
ley and the Republican party."
W. H. Hutton, attorney-at-law— l am
at a loss to know how any Democrat who
has read that letter can remain with his
party any longer — that is, if he has any
brains left in his head and considers the
welfare of his country. It is simply <irand,
ana does credit to not oniy Major Mc-
Kinley, but to the convention whicfi nomi
nated him.
Thomas Morton, the well-known coal
merchant: "You ask me what I think ot
it. Well, what can any sensible man
think otherwise than that it is simply
grand. It appeals to every sensible,
thinking Democrat as well as Re
publican. Why, I believe the Populists
will wheel round and indorse McKinley
before they get through. At all events he
will be elected, and this is all any m«n
who loves to see his country prosperous
can desire."
Thomas R. Riding, secretary of the
Thirty-ninth Republican Club: "Suits
me? Weii, I should say it doe«, and still
better, it will suit thousands of voters
who have been wavering in their alle
giance to the party because of the plausi
bility of the boy orator and the hard times
under which we are all suffering."
Daniel L. Reynolds, collector, 512 Hyde
street: "It has the right ring aoout it.
It is right from tne shoulder and hits the
mark in the center. We will have Mc-
Kinley for our next President and the
country will be prosperous once more."
William Grant, carpenter, 632 Geary
street — "That letter will capture every
mechanic in the United States. 'Close the
mines and open the milis.' That's the
music to which we workinp men can dance
to."
Manuel S. Torres, bookkeeper, 305 Leav
enworth street: "A hasty reading of that
letter is not sufficient. A thinking man
should read it over carefully, and my im
pression is that when it is thoroughly
understood Mr. Bryan and his crown
of thorns and cross of gold will
never again be heard of. Protection is
what we want. Something that will re
store the confidence of the people in the
ie^ourcesof their own country by giving
employment to the idle men of the Na
tio;i."
Uncle George T. Bromley: "I did not
wire Major McKinley this evening, know
ing that he would be overwhelmed with
congratulations. While the letter was not
addressed to me personally I read it with
profound interest. I admire its clear,
straightforward logic."
56
■Wit n : 'OKI
FRIDAY..' AUGUST 28, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. -. ,
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally »nd Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Caul, one year, by mail. . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, six months, by mall.. 3.00 ;
Dally and Sunday Cali., three months by mail 1.60 i
Daily and. Sunday Call, one month, by mail. .66 |
Sunday Call, one year, by mail-.. 1.80 ;
Wkkkly Call, ©no year, by mall -•«> :
RTHE SUMMER MONTHS. ■_■
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
■•, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or : left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE j
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Tsltpbone. Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
■ 517 Clay Street.
TtlepMM , ....: Maln-I«7*
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open n-.tll
8:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9 .SO o'clock.
718 Lark'.n street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ntll • o'clock.
2618 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock
Hi fciißU) sirtet ; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE t
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE I
Booms SI and 32, 34. Park Row, New York City.
YIP M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOB PRESIDENT- ...
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOR VirF-PREHinKNT-
6&SRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBERS, 1898.
"We avoid no issues," says McKinley,
and what says Mr. Bryan ?
Let VLB start the mills running first and
then we can set the mints going.
The path to prosperity is never open to
the people when the mills of industry are
closed.
Bryan continues to dodge the tariff with
all the caution of a burned child in the
presence of a fire.
McKinley has challenged the free-traders
to combat and we shall now see how the
boy orator will dodge it.
Bryan's talk about money is not making
half as much impression on the country as
his silence on the tariff issue.
The response of the people to McKiniey's
letter of acceptance will be a glad accep
tance of him as our next President.
Bryan continues to be pretty free with
his tongue, but he knows that when the
campaign is over all will be forgotten.
The business interests of the country
have no confidence iD Bryan and without
confidence there can be neither industry
nor prosperity.
McKinley's letter said the right things
in the right way and set the tariff issue
before the people with a directness that no
one can dodge.
As tbe campaign progresses the tariff
issue becomes more and more prominent,
and before long the whole country will be
shouting for protection.
In tb« proposed plan of Popocrat con
fusion we see very cleany where the Popu
lists are to get off, but we see no place for
any of them ever to get on again.
If silence gives consent we may claim
that even tbe free-traders of four years ago
are now ready to consent to protection
as a means of saving the country.
"The soldiers and the sailors of the
Union should neither be neglected nor
forgotten," says McKinley, and every
loyal citizen responds to the sentiment.
The man who works for money is en
titled to his wages in the best money in
the world, and tae American workingman
will not vote for a depreciated currency.
Many a man who talks about the money
problem on the street returns to thoughts
of the tariff question as soon as he begins
to consider how to get work and wages to
maintain his home.
Every California producer knows that
protection is necessary to his industry, and
there are very few of them, even among
Democrats, who will vote for the free
trade ticket this year.
The fusionists in Michigan have adopted
the name of "The Democratic People's
Union SiJver" party, and surely that is a
big name for fellows who would smell just
as sweet if called Popocrats.
Democratic orators and organs may
evade the tariff, but the workingmen of
tbe country cannot, for to them it presents
the unavoidable issue of work and pros
perity or idleness and poverty.
In his letter of acceptance McKinley
gives a manly support to the Republican
pledge to promote international bimetal
lism and is therefore entitled to the vote of
every true bimetallist in the country.
The free-traders are supporting Bryan's
silence on the tariff as much as the silver
monometallists are supporting his wild
talk on the money question, and it will be
an industry destroying time if ever he gets
into office.
To «hift the basis of value suddenly from
the gold standard to silver monometallism
would overtarn every trade and industry
in the country with the result that a panic
would follow, In which thousands would
be ruined and all would suffer.
Since the gold Democrats have insisted
on calling the silver fellows Popocrats the
latter have begun to return the compli
ment by calling the gold gang Boltocrats,
and thus does our vocabulary become en
riched with new words and our noble
language grow from more to more.
No passage of McKinley's letter of ac
ceptance will have more effect upon the
minds of reflecting men than that in which
he quoted from Harrison's last message to
show the condition of the country under
Republican ruie, and from Cleveland's
first message to show wbat followed the
election of a free-trade administration.
The two messages spoke for themselves.
The contrast was striking. No intelligent
man needs, any better argument to con
vince him of the folly of free trade..
PROTECTION AND PROSPERITY.
In his letter of acceptance Major Mc-
Kinley discusses the tariff question at
considerable length, but the Wilson tariff
act has brought so much distress upon the
country and the question of protection to
our industries and employment for labor
is of so much importance to all the t>eopie
that Mr. McKinley might have used as
much more space and still held the atten
tion of the public. No doubt his presenta
tion of the question will be accepted by
the people generally as a complete an
alysis of the whole science of protection,
because Major McKinley is recognized by
political friend ar.d foe as a tariff expert.
Generally speaking, figuies and statis
tics are uninteresting to the average
reader of the newspaper, but not so with
the figures Major McKinley employs to
show the difference between results ac
cruing under the Wilson law and the act
of 1890. Thus "the total receiDts under
the tariff act of 1894, for the first twenty
two months of its enforcement, from Sep
tember, 1894, to June, 1896, were $557,
--615,328, and the expenditures $640,418,363,
or a deficiency of $82,803,035. The de
crease in our exports of American prod
ucts and manufactures during the tirst
fifteen months of the present tariff, as
contrasted with the exports of the first
fifteen months of the tariff of 1890, was
$220,353,320. The excess of exports over
imports during the first fifteen months of
the tariff of 1890 was $213,972,968. but only
$56,758,623 under the first fifteen months
of the tariff of 1894, a loss under the latter
of $157,214,345. *ae net loss in the trade
balance of the United States has been
$196,983,607 during the first fifteen months'
operation of the tariff of 1894, as compared
with the first fifteen months of the tariff
of 1890. This loss has been large, constant
and steady, at the rate of $13,120,000 per
month, or $500,000 for every business day
of this year."
It was not difficult to obtain this exhibit
of the disastrous effects of the Wilson act,
for it is a matter of official record in the
National Treasury Department, but Major
McKinley nor any other man could
make even an approximate estimate of
the misery and distress the closing of in
dustries and the throwing of labor out of
employment by the Wilson act brought
upon the wage class. That there has been
and is still great suffering because of ina
bility to get work no one doubts, nor does
any fair-minded man believe that the cen
dition of the people will be any better un
til our mills and other industries are open
for the employment of labor. Opportun
ity to earn wages is all our working people
ask, but who will give them opportunity
so long as Europe is allowed to overrun
our markets with pauper labor product?
It is just as Mr. McKinley says. There
can be co prosperity in the United States
so long as we permit Europe to manufac
ture our goods and wares for us. k We will
have no prosperity until our industries
can be operated at a profit so that they
may give employment to all labor at good
wages. When that in done there will be
good times and every interest will partici
pate in the benefits accruing. Without
protection there can be no prosperity.
MEN OF INDUSTRY.
The Call published yesterday a number
of interviews with workingmen and busf
ness men on the political situation. The
number of interviews was not large, but
each of the men who spoke was not only
the representative of a large class, but
was typical of that class, and in the ag
gregate they gave what may be consid
ered a fair expression of the opinions and
convictions of the great body of intelli
gent Americans on the issues oi the cam
paign.
It is worth noting that every working
man among those who were interviewed
expressed the belief that the tariff issue is
of more importance to the country than
that of the money problem. T. J. McCoy,
an irorfmolder, who has been a Democrat
hitherto, said: "Protection is the only
thing that will draw this country from the
slough of despondency." W. H. Price, a
gunsmith, declares for McKinley, "Be
cause times were far better in my line oi
business when his bill was in operation."
Neil C. Whyte, a brass -founder, says:
"McKinley's election will help my busi
ness, therefore I will vote for McKinley."
P. A. Bastian, a machinist, says: "In my
line of business the effects of Clevelandism
have been felt. I believe in protection
and my faith in its good results has never
wavered for an instant." Martin Fuchs,
a pattern-maker, says: "I believe the wel
fare of our Nation lies in adhering to a
protective tariff." E. H. Black, a painter
and decorator, who has a prune orchard
in Santa Clara Valley, has found his trade
as a painter and his profits as an orchard
ist lowered by free trade and desires a re
turn to protection.
The expression of opinion goes on the
same way all along the line. John Petty,
a blacksmith, says: "I can't see that the
silver proposition will help the working
man at all. What we want is orotectioh."
John Vance, a carpenter, put the whole
question in a nutshell: "I am for McKin
ley, of course. How could any man who
earns his bread by the sweat of his brow
be otherwise." Frank Robinson, a lum
berman, paints the situation clearly in
saying: "When Cleveland went into of
fice the Democrats promised us $4 a day
and roast beef; now we are content to get
$2 a day and free lunch." W. J. Darren,
a wagon-maker, says: ''I was a Democrat
last election, but since then I have seen
the ruinous effects of tbe Democratic
policy and legislation. There is no hope
for prosperity but in McKinley and pro
tection."
The opinions of business men are in ac
cord with those of workingmen. Every
one sees the need of protection. To the
workingmau dependent on wages for
the maintenance of his family a return to
the protective system that made work
abundant appears the imperative demand
of the hour. In comparison with that the
money issue seems alight. Business men
see in addition to tbe evils of free trade
the great risk of intrusting the remoneti
zation of silver to the party of bungleis
and fiascos. They regard the possibility
of the election of Bryan as a serious
menace to the welfare of the people, and
are as eager as the workingmen in sup
port of McKinley and the great principles
of the Republican party.
TURK AND CHRISTIAN.
For more than fifty years the question
has been asked nearly every day, "How
much longer are the powers going to per
mit the Sultan of Turkey to murder
Christians without cause or provocation?"
The Turks are permitted to persecute
Christians until tne latter are driv-n to
desperation, when they are shot down, "as
Christian dogs should be," quoting from
one of the Porte's Cabinet officers. The
word comes from Constantinople that
hundreds of Armenians were shot to
death in tbe streets of that city because
they were riotin*, but it is safe to say that
if they committed any overt act they
were driven to it.
But for halt a century flimsy excuses
have been given for murdering Christians
in Turkish territory, and the powers have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
always accepted them as gospel truths.
The report comes that the other nations
are hurrying warships to the Golden Horn,
but that is to prevent one another getting
undue advantage, and not to protect.
Cnristians. It is unfortunate for civiliza
tion that tbe United States is barred from
participating in the affairs of Turkey, but
all the people 01 this country can do is to
hope for better things for the Cretans and
the Armenians, and make Turkey pay
liberally for property of Americans that
is destroyed in the Porte's frantic on
slaughts upon his Christian subjects.
TOE BIMETALLISM.
Now that Major McKinley's letter of
acceptance is before them, it is to be
hoped that "without waiting for the aid
or consent of any other nation" Silverites
will have the manliness to admit that the
Republican party stands for bimetallism.
A good many Itinerant orators have been
going about the country ever since the
nomination of Major McKinley charging
that the Republican party was committed
unqualifiedly to the gold standard, and
that the friends of silver would find a
bitter foe to their cause in the candidate
of that party for President. Party usageß
forbid any one other than the candidate to
interpret the party's platform, which he
does in his letter accepting the nomina
tion. Heyice no one bad authority to
give positive denial to the charge of these
roving orators, although sensible people
have known ail the time that the money
plank of the Bt. Louis platform was a clear
and po&itive declaration for bimetallism,
but only by international agreement.
In his letter of acceptance Major Mo-
Kinley saya that 84 per cent of our
foreign trade is with countries that main
tain substantially the same monetary
system as our own — that is, silver is
coined on account of the Government in
volume equal to the ability of gold to
maintain silver at par with gold. He
holds, and properly so, that we could not
maintain trade relations with those coun
tries if our monetary system a:itagonized
their system, or rather we should have to
abandon our own and conform to their
system as the condition of continuing
trade interchange. It would not profit us
anything, therefore, to depart from our
present standard, but on the contrary it
would materially injure us because the
laws of commerce would oblige us to em
ploy only gold in paying our balances
while balances to us could be paid id
silver, which would operate- to cause an
outflow but no inflov? of gold, and it
would be a question of a very Bhort time
when we should have no gold to pay
balances with. It does not require a very
great degree of intelligence to see that this
country would very soon come to a silver
basis with our mints open to the free
coinage of the world's silver and prac
tically closed to gold because of the hos
tility of such a monetary system to cold.
Now, what Major McKinley proposes to
bring about is an agreement between the
United States and the other commercial
nations to open the mints of a 1! countries
to the free and unlimited coinage of silver
and gold on a basis tbat shall place silver
and gold upon an equal footing in all com
mercial operations, so tbat a tender of
silver would be just as acceptable as a
lender of gold in the settlement of bal
ances and in tie payment for purchases.
This, and this only, is true bimetallism,
and this is what the Republican party
means when it speaks of bimetallism.
Tbe effect of any other plan to open tbe
mints to the free coinatre of silver would
be exactly as Major McKinley sayß: "The
owner of the silver bullion would get the
silver dollar; it would belong to him and
to nobody else. Others would get it oulv
by their labor, the products of their land
or something of value. Tbe bullion
owner, on tbe basis of present values,
would receive the silver doll.ir for 53
cents' worth of silver, and other people
would be required to receive it as a full
dollar in the payment of debts. The
Government would get nothing from the
transaction. It would bear the expense of
coining the silver and the community
would suffer loss by its use."
A NEW IDEA.
Mr. Bryan informed the people of a
town in New York that "what we want? is
a dollar that will maintain its parity with
the property which that dollar is to buy."
This is a new financial proposition. It
gives money a function it was never sup
posed to possess. In fact, Mr. Bryan is
the inventor of the newest and latest
thing under the sun. Either Mr. Bryan
knows more about the science of money
than was ever known by any other man in
any age of the world, or he knows less
than the most ignorant man on earth.
According to Mr. Bryan's new discovery
in the science of money, a dollar should
always maintain its Darity with the thing
It buys. This means that the dollar and
the thing it buys should be on a parity
because they are interchangeable commo
dities. If, then, a bushel of wheat and a
dollar are on a parity to-day and not on a
parity tomorrow, the one or the other has
lost in value, and whichever has lost must
add to its quantity so as to maintain the
parity, but as the dollar must maintain its
parity, according to Bryan, vrith the thing
it buys, the dollar necessarily becomes the
thing that fluctuates, while the thing it
buys remains stationary, hence it and not
the dollar is the unit of value.
Hitherto commerce has ruled that the
dollar possessed the unit of value, and
that if it takes more wheat, corn, cloth or
other commodity to get a dollar to-day
than it did yesterday it is because the
commodity is of less value; that the dol
lar has not changed in value, because a
"unit" does not change, and it is the rela
tive value of the commodity that has
changed. A nnit of value thing is neces
sarily immovable. There are times, how
ever, when it takes more corn, wheat,
cloth or other commodity to get the "unit
of value" than at other times, and com
merce has always supposed that va'ue
fluctuations of commodities are at-'
tnbutable to the operation of the law of
supply and demand; also that the
volume of the article exchanged for a dol
lar is governed entirely by the necessity
for the exchange on the part of the article
and that it is the necessity of the article
for a dollar that regulates the purchasing
power of the dollar. Mr. Bryan says the
dollar and the commodity should be kept
at a parity, and so th«y are for the mo
ment the exchange is being consummated,
but the philosophy of his argument is
that 53 cents' worth of wheat should be
kept at a parity with a dollar. Well, it
can't be done with or without "the aid or
consent of any other nation."
When once the prosperity of the United
States is restored under Republican lead
ership, it will be comparatively easy for
our Government to induce the lea.lir.g
commercial nations of the world to join
in the remonetization of silver, and tbe
return to bimetalli-m can be thus accom
plished without disturbance to business or
industry.
The prevailing idea of fusion seems to be
that the Populists shall swallow Sewall
and then the Democrats will return the
compliment by swillowing the Populiata.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Thomas R. Bard, the conspicuous Republican
of tbe lower coait, whose home has been for
many years in Ventura County, says the center
of the petroleum oil district is gradually
moving west from Los Angeles. Mr. Bard,
who was at the Occidental yesterday, stated
that the product of the Saata Paula wells, in
which he Is heavily Interested, is from 600 to
700 barrels a day.
This is keeping up with the usual amount,
and rather going beyond it. Mr. Bard thinks
the oil output is destined to increase materi
ally at Santa Paula.
"The product of Los Angeles has been about
2000 barrels a day, as is given by the owners
there, but it is falling off a little now," said
he. "The Santa Paula district is proving very
rich in oil."
Mr. Bard, who resides at Hueneme, is the
heavy owner in the Hueneme Bank. He is
one of the best known and wealthiest men in
that part of California.
"As to politics in Ventura," said he, "it is
getting very lively there. There are some free
silver men, but I think that before November
they will take second thought and vote for Hr.
McKinley and protection."
Mr. Bard came up to attend the meeting of
the Republican State Central Committee. He
will remain for a few days.
In New York when the English version of
"Madame Sans Gene" was produced there was
much complaint over the translation. A lynx
eyed critic discovered that the translator had
used expressions that were not possible in the
days of the Emperor. This up-to-date Colum
bus did not stop to think that there were per
haps slang expressions in the original Sardou
book that were not in th« dictionary of slang
at the time Napoleon lived. The idea of the
author of "Madame Sans Gene" was to convey
the notion that Catherine Hubscher, washer
woman in Rue Sainte Anne, was a doo't-care
sort of a peruon. In order to do this it was nec
essary for her to carry the same idea, to her
audience both by manner and speech. Tne
surest way to do it was through the use of
slang— the nearer the people's mind the better.
Sardou or the New York translator might have
used Sanscrit for all the good they could have
gotten from the version that would have pre
sented no street talk. The slang is of necessity
that of the period, or the whole idea ot the
piece is lost.
An example of the situation presented is best
explained in this way: Catherine Hubscher,
washerwoman in Paris, is raised to a duchy
through the promotion of her husband, who
was only Sergeant Lefebvre when she married
him. She carries into the court of the Emperor
all the peculiarities of manner and speech that
had earned her title in the Rue Salute Anne of
Madame Sans Gene.
She has a dispute with the sisters of the Em
peror, and in a moment has forgotten all she
has learned of court etiquette. After she de
clares that as a vlvandiere in the army of
France she did more to entitle her to her posi
tion than her offending superiors ever did to
secure theirs she exclaimed:
"And you can pst that in your pipe and
smoke it!"
Why not? What could she have said in Eng
lish that would have conveyed the idea as
well T The moment Mme. Sans Gene lapses
then does she become a stale and unprofitable
personage. Earlier than this in the play
Jier husband, Marshal Lefebvre, tells her that
the Emperor has been displeased with her
court manners, and that he proposes to di
vorce the two and pick a new wife for his mar
shal. Mme. Sans Gene, like the real woman
she is, wants to know all about it.
"I won't tell you her name," says Lefebvre.
"You would play a trick on her,"
"Oh, no, I won't," returned Mme. Sans Gene.
"I won't do a thing to her."
This speaks well for the skill of tbe translator.
He knew all of the latest subtleties of the Eng
lish language well enough to apply them to
the best advantage.
IN THE E BICYCLE DAYS.
Tom, Tom, the piper's son,
lie stole a wheel, anil away he run;
J!i>t a copper fleet
Young Tom could beat,
Aud they locked bim up in Harrison street.
Little Tommy. Titmouse :
Worked far a cycling house,
Went to his in, a »__:.' '
On other men's wheels. ' -
There was a man In nnr town
As wise ati were our sires;
lie ran across a piece of glass,
Arci punctured both his tires;
nil when he saw | the air was out.
With all his might and main,
lie took his little nickel pump
And pushed it In again.
Ding-dong bell,
There's th« man who fell.
Who knocked him down?
The meanest man in town.
vVho called the "cop"?
A man woo saw Mm drop.
Whut a wick>d man was that,
To try to kill the ayclist fat.
Who never did him any wrong,
But kept tt-pedallne right alone.
—Chicago Daily Tribune.
A SIMPLE DRESSING SACQUE.
The dressing sacque shown here is cut on ex
ceedingly simple lines: The front is seamless.
The back has the center forms and side body
cut in ope, thus making only three seams bacfc
of the under-arm seam. The round collar is
joined to it by a simple seam, which is hidden
in between collar and aacque.
A blue flannel with blue zig-zag lines had a
frill of black chiffon around the collar; bows
of black satin ribbon were used to bold the
edges of the front together. A new method
of buttoning a garment and yet avoiding but
ton-holes (the bugbear of many a home dress
maker) is shown on this garment. A si.k cord
is sewn just inside the edge, which at inter
vals forms tiny loops just large enough, to al
low the buttons to slip through.
A sacque of mignonette green cashmeTe had
all the edges but'on-hole etitched in scallops
with black aifk. The coilar was further
adorned by a narrow ruffle of block lace.
For spring and summer wear washable fab
rics are preferred. Pink batiste with a ruffle
of Valenciennes lace on the cage of the collur
ar.d down the front. White and blue duck
with trimmings of creamy white lace in bands
set on collar and around the edges is effective
and serviceable.
Brown Hollands with trimmings of white is
equally uaeiul and can be brightened up by
bows of rose pink, light olive green or tur
quoise blue.
THE LAW AND THE BUTTER
Chicaso Kecord.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 6.— We were
traveling in Siskiyou County, that northern
part of the State which geographically is a
part of California, but commercially is apart
of Oregon. It is a wild and sparsely settled
region, with only here and there a hali-culti
vated ranch and an occasional mining camp.
It was one of the latter we readied about
nightfall. We were directed to the principa
hotel In the place, a roughly boarded, two-
Btory building;, of which the most prominent
feature of its internal arrangement was the
barroom, which was also the office, and con
tained in'one corner a wooden sink provided
with a paper bucket filled with water, two or
three basins and a couple of community towels
hung on rollers.
Supper was ready when we arrived, and we
were directed at once to a long room with a
low ceiling— the dining-room— in which about
twenty roughly dressed men, moat of them in
their shirtsleeves and apparently miners, lum
bermen and teamsters, were seated at three or
four long tables. The tables were covered witn
oilcloth. The tableware was very thick and
heavy ironstone china, much cracked and
chipped. The knives and forks were iteel,
with handles colored and cracked from rough
usage and hot dishwater. Near each end of
the table was aseUof casters, originally, doubt
less, quite showy with silver plating, but at
this period much the worse for the wear of. the
plating.
The dinin?-room girl who came to wait on
us rattled off the bill of fare in exactly the
same way that dining-room girls do in 10,000
other hotels all over this broad land. As she
received our orders she slid the big butter
dish from its piace near the middle of the
table over toward us, saying, "Here's your
substitute butter." at the saino time taking
from one of the casters, where they were kapt
like the bills of faro in cheap restaurants,
pieces of cardboard about the size and shape
of the ordinary restaurant bill of fare. She
laid one of these down on the table beside
each oi us and started for the kitchen.
Wondering slightly at this, we each picked up
the cardboard laid* before us, aud this is what
we read:
: The butter served here is but f erine. Per- :
: centage of ingredients is as follows:
: Creamery butler .... 25 :
: Neutral 20 :
; Butter oil , 10 :
: Oleooil , 85 :
: Cream, milkaudsalt 10 :
: Total 100 :
By the time we had finished reading this the
girl returned with our supper. When she had
arranged the various dishes in front of us we
asked her why she had given us this chemical
analysis of our butter product. Without a
word, but with a gesture of impatience, she
turned the cardboards over, and we read:
This notice Is given In conformity with sections
3 and 7 of an act of the I*gialntnre of California,
approved March 0, 1896, entitled "An act to pre
vent deception in the manufacture and sale of but
ter and cheese, to s-cure Its enforcement and to
appropriate money therefor."
sec. 3. Each person who, by himself or another,
lawfully manufactures any substance designed to
be used as a substitute for butter or cheese, shall
prepare a statement, printed in plain Koman type
of a size not smaller than pica, stating In the Eng
lish language its name, and the name and address
of the manufacturer, the name of the place where
manufactured or put up, and also the names and
actual percentages of tne various Ingredients used
In tbe manufacture ot such imitation butter or im
-Ita ion cheese.
Bee. 7. No keepf-r or proprietor of any bakery,
hotel, boarding-house, restaurant, saloon, lunch
counter or other place of public entertainment, or
•ny person having charge thereof or employed
thereat, or any person fnruigblug board for other
persons than members of bis own famllv, or for
any employes where such board Is furnished at
the compensation or as a part of the compensation
of any such employe, shall place before such
patron or employe, for use as food, any substance
designed to be used as a substitute for butter or
cheese, unless the same be accompanied by a copy
of the statement described in section 3of this act
and by a verbal do. location to said patron taat
such substance is a substitute for butter or cheese.
The proprietor, having now complied with all
the requirements Of tha law, baa only this wish to
express:
May good digestion wait on appetite
And healih en both.
A BEE STING.
Sacramsnto Bee.
Patriotism and loyalty are dying out in this
country. The cry is all for self. • • • The
greed for gain is the national disease of the
American people. Patriotism is dying, selfish
ness is predominant. Every one wants to know
what is in it for him. Envy stalks about seek
ing whom it may belittle or destroy.
Gentle reader, whom do you think was the
author of the above? What high-minded and
noble patriot, burning with love of country,
himself the very personification of unselfish
ness, the apotheosis of personal and political
honesty, put forth those tender blossoms of a
noble man's regret in the rank and weedy
garden of political unworth. and unpatriotic
greed?
Look at Sunday's Examiner, and you will see
the article signed by D. M. Burns.
Ach! Mem Gottl "How beautifully he do
write." ________________
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"What are you going to be when you are a
man, Willie?" asked the man who always asks
that question.
"Me? I'm going to be a policeman and stop
trolley-cars right in the middle of the block."
— Indianapolis Journal.
"Simpson doesn't cut his grass as often as he
did last summer."
"No, both of his next-door neighbors have
gone away and left their lawn mowers locked
up.'^-Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Mother— Ella, you have been playing all the
afternoon with these toy soldiers. That's not
a proper amusement for a big girl like you.
Laughter— But, mamma, I am not playing
with tbe soldiers. I picked out the officers
and played with them.— Texas Sif tings.
Timely Wit. " I don* t want the wheel. It is
too heavy."
"Say, I'll throw in a lamp. That'll make it
lighter."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
We know lots of men who say they never
argne on the street, who take half an hour of
your time to convince yau of it. — Washington
Democrat.
Hubby— You are worth a million to me.
Wifey— Can't I get an advance of $20 on that
million for a new hat?— Up-to-Date.
"Johnny," screamed his mother, "why are
you sitting on your brother's chest? You'll
kiil him."
"I know it," retorted the urchin. "But if I
let him up he'll go swimmin' and be drowned. "
Adams Freeman.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Princess Maud had forty-eight bicycles pre
sented to her as wedding gifts.
A London paoer says the value of the count
less floral emblems which lay strewn about
the graveside of Sir Augustus Harris amounted
to over $12,500.
Messrs. Chapman and Hall of London have
decided to publish a three-and-six-penny edi
tion of Carlyle's works and asix-penny edition
of the works of Charles Dickens.
The German Emperor bas never been
crowned, neither was his father, Emperor
Frederick. In the case of the present Kaiser,
the ceremony was omitted for economical rea
sons.
Don Carlos, the Spanish pretender, is still
handsome, but visibiy older in face and man
ner. Those who know him say that he now
has no thought of the Spanish or any other
thxone, and that the subject of pretendership
is distasteful to him.
Dr. Grace N. Kimball of Bangor, Me., who is
now in charge of the relief woTk in Armenia,
and has gained the honorary title of "the her
oine of the Van," has been chosen assistant
physician of Vassar College, and will enter up
on her duties in January.
Little Dorothy Drew, Gladstone's grand
daughter, has given her friends at Hawarden
a few very anxious days. For nearly a week
she developed a high fever with no discover
able reason. The attack left her as suddenly
as it came, and she is now rapidly recovering.
THE CAT CAME BACK.
Philadelphia Call.
Tom Watson's style is breezy,
He's In the flgln to stay, - - .
The Demo-Pops can't, 'shake" him,
For Tom's not bui:t that way.
He's Dice that other "Tommy,"
■i Whom the neighbors tried to sack, ■ '
"Ween they thought they'd drowned th« measly
: • ; thing, A r **=g?s3SS*W" - "■:*' ■
: The ■
Cat
Came
- Back. . ■■■ '> -.;•;.' y>:; : - '/■
An Object Lesson.
B«us-llto News.
The Southern Pacific has been placed in a
rather embarrassing position. Its competitor,
the San Joaquin Valley Railway Company,
with a fine disregard for any and all opposi
tion, has slashed rates in the valley, and now
Mr. Huntington's monopoly has got to meet
the cut or go out of business. The agents of
the Southern Pacific have been traveling
through the interior promising special rates
to shippers, which is clearly in violation of
the interstate commerce law, In order to keep
their business. The position of the Kentucky
corporation now presents a splendid object
lesson to the farmer aud other tillers of the
soil. If it cuts the rates it becomes apparent
to the thinking man that for all these years
the company has been systematically robbing
California producers. The fact that tbe San
Joaquin Valley Railway Company, a new cor
poration, can carry goods at far lower figures
than tho§e charged by its rival shows how
carefully Mr. Huntington has been consider
ing the interests of California.
PERSONAL .
g, D. Mitcheson of London is in town.
Dr. A. E. Smith of Portland, Or., is in the
City.
J. A. Carignan of Arliona is at the Occi
dental.
J5, B. Hornung, a druggist of Marysville, is at
the Grand.
H. B. Patton, a business man of Golden, Colo.,
is at the Lick.
W. Massey, a sugar-grower of Honolulu, is at
the California.
G. W. Morgan, a cattle-raiser of Duncans
Mills, is on a visit here.
The Rev. Samuel Hirst of Vallejo is here, ac
companied by his family.
Lord Sudeley of London went to Monterey
yesterda ■ for a short visit.
Fred W. Hume of Milwaukee arrived here
yesterday. He is at the Palace.
Mm. E. P. Buckingnam, who owns a large
fruit ranch at Vacaville, is In town.
E. H. Daggett of Viialia, Deputy Sheriff of
Tulare County, arrived beie yesterday.
J. M. McChesney, owner of a leading sugar
plantation in the Hawaiian Islands, Is in town.
Mrs. George Milis, wife of Manager Mills of
the Virginia and Truckee Railroad, Carson, is
at the Palace.
Herman Schalnwald, the well-known real
estate dealer, returned from a visit to Hono
lulu yesterday.
Attorney J. E. Richard and family returned
yesterday from an enjoyable trip to the Ha
waiian Islands.
Judge H. A. Wideman, the wealthy and
pioneer resident of Hawaii, arrived here on the
Alameda yesterday.
D. T. Davies of Tacoma, manager of the Car
bon Hill coal mines, owned by the Southern
Pacific Company, arrived here yesterday.
E. C. Macfarlane and T. W. Macfarlane, for
some years conspicuous in the political and
business circles of Hawaii, are at the Cali
fornia,
The Rev. John Maher and the Bey. W. J.
Madden of Queensland, Australia, arrived her«
on the Alameda yesterday, and are at the
OccidentaL
W. B. Biddle of Chicago, general freight and
traffic manager of the Atohison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad, is on a visit to California,
He is at the Palace.
J. T. McDevittof Cripple Creek is in the City.
Lionel A. T. Johnson of Amergate Derby,
England, is at the Palace. He arrived from
Auckland yesterday.
Among the passengers on the Alameda from
the antipodes yesterday were Mrs. Mary Rosen
thai of the great gold camp of Kilgorlia and
Mrs. and Miss Scott of Victoria, Australia.
Herman Shainwald, of the firm of Shainwald,
Buck bee 61 Co., returned on the Alameda from
Honolulu yesterday. With him was his sister,
who had spent nine months traveling in the
Orient.
Mrs. Churchill, wife of United States Consui-
General Churchill of Samoa ; arrived her* yes
terday from Apia. Mr. Churchill succeeded
General Mulligan of Kentucky, who not long
since resigned.
W. A. Harper of Harper Bros., the publishers
oi Harper's Weekly and other publications, is
at the Palace. He made the trip from New
York to Sydney, N. S. W., on a sailing vessel
for his health. He is much improved, and will
go East in a day or two.
The Hon. Frank Far well, member of the New
Bouth Wales Parliament, who has been ap
pointed by the New South Wales Government
to investigate the fresh water of California
and examine into the fish interests, is at the
Occidental. It is the intention to stock vari
ous New South Wales rivers with fish.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 27.— Can Thelsen
of Los Angeles arrived in on tbe North Ger
man liner Lahn from Bremen. At the West
minster, C. B. Headley; St. Nicholas, Mias
Cupp; St. Denis, W. V. Cupp; Vendome, Mrs.
Everett; Imperial, C. C. Moore.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
It Was Friday— E., City. The 9th of Bsp
ember, 1831, fell on Friday. *
Book-plate — C. D., City. Book-plate Is the
name given to a label bearing a name, crest,
monogram or other design, pasted in or on a
book to indicate its ownership, or its position
in a library.
Diogeses— A. W. 8., City. It was not Demos
thenes who went around with a lantern look
ing for an honest man. It was Diogenes, the
cynic, who, when asked what he was search
ing for ao diligently that he needed the light of
a lantern in Droad daylight, replied: "lam
searching for an honest man."
Seal of the Tbkasury— J. M. C, City. The
abbreviation on the seal of tbe United States
Treasury is "Thesaur. Amer. Septent. S;gil.,"
which s.ands for the full Latin legend "The
saurus Americae Septentrionalis Sigilla,"
which signifies the Seal of tbe Treasury of
North America. There is a question as to the
appropriate ness of the inscription.
Motjbnino Etiqttette— W. S., City. A writer
on etiquette says:. "Now about tbe time eti
quette demands mourning to bo worn. The
term for widows is, of course, two years, and
sometimes in this country it is never thrown
off entirely. Crape and bombazine or Henrietta
cloth should be worn for one year and longer if
desired, but that is the .shortest time allowable
if assumed at all. Then tbe widow's cap and
the long veil may be thrown »side. The dress
may be made of silk less heavily trimmed with
crape. The latter m»y be left off at the end of
'eighteen months and piaia black worn until
the period of two years is completed, when it
may be laid aside entirely or toned up with
sober colors. Mourning; is usually one year for
parents and the same period for brothers and
Bisters. It is usual tor a wife to dress in black
for her husband's near relatives precisely as
she would for her own. For grandparents
black is woin for six months, for an uncle or
aunt three months and for a first consln one
month. No crape is put on for the latter. The
conventional time fur wearing mourning has
been considerably shortened of late years."
Mason and Dixon'b Link— J. T. M., City. The
Mason and Dixon line is the southern bound
ary of Pennsylvania, separating it from Mary
land and Virginia. It became famous as the
dividing line between the free and slave States.
Owing to the incorrect statements in the orig
inal grants of Maryland and Pennsylvania
serious disputes arose between the families of
William Perm and Lord Baltimore. An agree
ment was made in 1732 with regard to the
boundaries of Maryland, Pennsylvania and
Delaware, the latter then belonging also to the
Perm family. Commissioners were appointed
in that year to run the lines; also in 1739 and
in 1750, but they could not agree. Finally
the decision of Lord Chancellor Hardwick, in
1750, was accepted in an agreement signed
July 4, 1760, and commissioners then ap
pointed felt the need of better mathematicians.
After spending three years in settling the
boundary between Delawnre and Maryland,
Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon were sent
out, and on the 13th of November,
1763, in Philadelphia, they commenced to
revi-e the work of their predecessors, and
afterward ran the Philadelphia line, which
they fixed at north latitude 39 deg. 43 mm.
26.3 sec. They marked this line at intervals
of a mile by erecting stones having P on one
side and M on the other, while every fifth mile
was marked by a larger stona with the arms of
the Perm family on one side and those of Lord
Baltimore on the other. When within thirty
six miles of the terminus the surveyors were
stopped In their work by the hostility of the
Indians in the summer of 1767. Mason and
Dixon returned to England. In November,
1782, Colonel Alexander McClean of Pennsyl
vania and Joseph Nevilla of Virginia ran the
remainder of the line, which was verified by
astronomical observation and permanently
marked iv 1784. Again tn 1849 Lieutennnt-
Colonel James D. Graham of the United States
Topographical Engineers revised the former
surveys and found them practically correct.
Oilcloth— B. A., Panoche, Cal. Floor cloth,
usually called in the United States oilcloth. Is
made of coarse canvas coated on both sides
and partly saturated with thick oil paint, one
side usually having a colored pattern printed
in oil paint. The canvas basts is required to
be without seam and of sufficient width to
cover considerable space of flooring, hence
spacial looms are required to weave it. It is
from eighteen to twenty-four feet in widtn
and of various lengths. The first step toward
converting this canvas into floor cloth con
sists in stretching it on a frame, sometimes
100 feet in length by a height of 24 feet, the
canvas being stretched as tight as a drum.
The back or plain side is first operated upon
by priming it with a solution of size aud
scouring it with pumice. The object of this is
to prevent too much of the uaim penetrating
the canvas and rendering it brittle and to
make an even surface for receiving the paint,
which ib mixed with linseed oil with very little
or no turpentine and Is. consequently thicker
than common paint. Ttiis is thrown or
splashed upon the surface with a brush, and
tnen with a long steel trowel the workman
spreads the dabs of paint and produces a mod
erately smooth surface. This trowel color is
left for twelve or fourteen days to dry and
then another coat is laid on in a similar man
ner and this completes the back or under side
of the cloth. While the first coat of the back is
drying the tront is primed and pumiced and &
coat of trowel-coior is laid on. As more care
is required in the work in that side, the coat
is scoured quite smooth with pumice and two
more trowel coats are laid on and each pum
iced as the first. Another coat is then laid on
carefully with a brush and that is the ground
on which the pattern is. printed. The print
ing is by means of wood blocks. Ihe pattern
is nrht drawn and painted in its complete torm.
and colors upon a piece of paper, another
piece of paper is laid under this and the out
lines of that portion of the pattern included in
one color are pricked through to the lower pa
per. In like manner pricked outlines of
each of the colors are prepared. Each of these
pricked sheets is laid updfe a block of pear
tree wood and dusted over with powdered
charcoal or lampblnck, and thus the pattern
is drawn in dots upon tbe wood; the carver
cuts away the wood surrounding the pattern
and leaves it standing in relief. These blocks
ara backed by gluing them to a piece of deal
and this piece again to another, with the
fibers at right angles to prevent warping.
Each block is then dabbed with the required
color by boys, after which the printer placts
the block on the Ciotli where it is to go, aad
with th 3 handle of a short, heavy hammer
strikes in the pattern he has to print. He pro
ceeds with a repetition of this, and as he ad
vances he i* followed in order by the printers
of the other colors, who place their blocks ac
curately over the pattern the first lias com
menced. The first printer's chief care is to
keep the repetitions ot the pattern acourately
in line.
OPINIONS OF COAST EDITORS.
The Present Evil.
San Jose Mercury. ,
. Mr. Bryan is an advocate of free wool, free
sugar, ; free lumber, free coal, free fruit and
free manufactures of every kind. He goes on
the theory that if the American workingman
and the American producer can't lire on a
decent American standard and compete with
the ill-fed, ili-ciothed pauper labor of foreign
countries, then so much the worse for the
American workingmau and the American pro
ducer. Let them exist on rice or black bread,
live in huts and go halt naked, and they will
have no trouble In competing with the cheapest
labor of Europe aud of Asia. The present evil
consequences of Democratic free trade are (suf
ficiently obvious, but they are light compared
with those which are sure to follow . the con
tinuance of that un-American and ruinous
policy.
r , - : : . How lie Was Indorsed.
; ,' • Fresno Republican.
. A Sage of Buzzards Bay who had heard from
a Democratic National Convention I thought
long and anxiously.
"Would you consider that the convention
indorsed me, John G.?" he inquired of ■ his
Confidential Friend. v. ; ■
"Well, it was •a . rather qualified indorse
ment," the Confidential Friend replied.
"Yes, about one or two more such indorse
ments would make me want to go fishing,"
the Sage admitted, ■ ■ .
Some indorsements are mighty fatiguing.
Hasn't Even Thanked Them.
 . Modesto Herald.
Bryan hasn't even thanked the Pops for their
nomination, much less Indorsed the platform,
and the Democracy as a body simply ignores
the nomination of Watson. No "sucker" was
ever more completely "done up" by a confi
dence man than the Populists have. been by
the Democracy, and the spectacle presented
by the shorn sheep is no ludicrous that the
whole Nation grins audibly. , '.f.i ;
The Persistent Questioner.
. - . ■ ..v Crockett Record. ■•■
- Has Mr, Bryan ottered one word to show how
one American factory is to be opened by the
adoption of the policy outlined in the Chicago
platform? If not, why not?
Best peanut tally In the world. Townsend'a.*
..,,. ■ -;. 1..... • .'» . » ■ ■
De. C. 0. Dean, dentist, . formerly •of 126
Kearny street, has reopened at 5% Kearny, ' "
■' -: • ■ ' •■■ ■ ■ - —•-—• .' '•
Special information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press,
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
-- -
*—» »
■■- Santa Barbara Equity.
-1 One reason why we prefer The Call to other
San Francisco papers is tbat it tuea the United
Press dispatches instead of those of the noto
riously unreliable Associated Press. ? f > •■'
Are You Going Kastf
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa F«
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
a!k-*ii dnst. Particularly adapted for tbe trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tonrlst sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and in
charge of attentive conductor* «no porters. Ticket
office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building. Tel
ephone, Main 1631.
Cheap Excursion to Bt. Punt.
■ ■ The Shasta route and the Northern Paciflo Ball*
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the Q. A. a. a.
St. Paul, to be held there ; September 2to 5. Tas
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. »f. Kates $67 90 forth!
round trip. , Tb« above rate is open to all who wtsia
to make the trip East. Scad your name and ai
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 ilaricas
trtet, sum Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*.
:■;•■* ' ... ,' '-..,;: • — — - - ■ ■ - .
"Mrs. Wlnslow'i Soothing Syrnn"
Has been used over 60 years by millions of motbort
for their children while Teething with perfect sa>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gams, allay*
Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels anl
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether art si a t
/rom teething or other causes. Tot sal*- by Drttj
cists in every part of the world. .Be sure and u{
lor Mrs. Wmslow's Soothing Syrup.: '-:•»<» * oouif.
■ '■, ''..': - — • •'»_«,' ' ' '-: . "..
." do.— Atmosphere Is,' perfect!- dry, «fl
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon farther north. : Round-trip tickets, by steam*
snip, including fifteen days* board at tna HoMLi«l
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 60 per d*/. ■*»*
4in <c w a. oruery st., Sao Francisco. ; ... .
■ ,-. •■■ ■ . -. ..... » ♦■ 1 > '/1 ' i\\ ; . , . : t , '.
' Took cough was occasioned by careless expos*
ure to draft. Cure it at once with Ayer's Cherry
Pectoral. ......
'-ft-- -- ;i::.-- 1 . * — ■ * . ■'■ .•" . -
Alarueda Argun.
Our esteemed contemporary, the Chronicle,
Is not hurting the esteemed enomy very
greatly by efforts In behalf of the Republican
ticket, but our worthy and commendable con
temporary, Tub Call, is quite awake to the
situation, and is putting forth honest and tell
ing endeavor. This is a campaign of educa
tion, in which the newspaper has boundless
opportunity.
■■■ '■';■:■ .■■■V : HEW TO-PAT. ' \
H SNAPS
lijf mM 1 tffi KJJLm ojLJL n!
3.25 DINNER SET .
— — complete for 6 persons, 54 pieces.
6.75 DINNER SET
, -t— . complete for 12 persons, 100 pieces.
■J' I Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
4.75 DINNER SET
— v Decorated, for 6 persons, 54 pieces.
7.75 DINNER SET
: ■ — Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 pieces.
, Guaranteed Very Best Quality.
" , . ! PRETTY DECORATION. .
Will Cost You Double where.
. SESE3 THEM.
PDI l IX ( 45c P er Doz. Pints, ■
ri*.Ul_ , \ 55q per d 0 *. Quan#.
1 A D : i 75c per Uoz. Half Gallons.
•>t\ *%>*?• , 3o c per £ OZ . Jelly Glasses.
Great American Imjortiiir Tea Co.
■ o MONEY SAVING STORES'.
1344 Market St. ' v • 146 Ninth St. *
2510 Mission st. - ' 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. r . ; 2008 Fillmore st.
617 (Kearny st. . : 965 Market st.
14 1 Polk At. - 3006 Sixteenth st.
par Montgomery «v»i. ' 10.4 Second st. *
333 Hayes lit.  3285 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 G. Twelfth St.-
ill San Pablo aver • 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Ala'meda. ;$yFRIDAY AUGUST 28, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
BAUTOrx Titeatek "The Gay Parisians."
Columbia Theateb— "The Social Trust.'
K'obosco's crxRA-HocsK— "A Nutmeg Match.
Tivor.l OPKHA-HorsF..-" Travlata."
Obpxxttic— High-Class Vaudeville.
ALCA7AH Thiatkk.— " Turned Up," Monday,
August 81.
t-r iro Baths— Bathing and performances. '
Shoot tut. Chutes— Daily at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
Circus— At Central Park, commencing Septem-
ber 3.
Mechanics' Institute Pavilion—
ninth Industrial Exposition, September 1 to Octo-
ber 3. . .
Cai.i»o»nia Btats Faib —At Sacramento,
September 1 to September 19.
AUCTION SALES.
By H. J. Lkutholtb— This day (Friday),
furniture, etc., at 1007 Market at., at 11 o'clock.
By !I* H. Bußi>-This day (Friday), Furni-
ture, at Post St., near Webster, at 11 o'clock.
*By Chas. Lkvt & Co.— day (Friday),
Furniture at salesroom, 11SS Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Aixen- Cowan— This day (Friday), Hat-
store, at 1306 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Press Club elected annual officers yester
day.
8. H. Lung, a Chinese leper, was taken Into
custody by the Health Department yesterday.
The executive committee of the Bound
money Democratic League of California has
been named.
A. A. Cunningham was yesterday arrested
on a charge of perjury preferred by Justice of
the Peace Carroll.
John Staples, 8 years of age, was crushed to
death beneath the wheels of a truck on Berry
street yesterday afternoon.
Hon. Frank McCoppin was recommended by
the Richmond District Improvement Associ
ation last evening for Mayor.
A careful study of the Wilson bill shows that
free trade hits every industry and is the cause
of existing industrial wrongs.
Meta Lehman was yesterday granted a di
vorce from her husband. William H. Lehman,
on the ground of extreme cruelty. ■:.-'::;
The Chinese Consul-General says that the
subjects of the Chinese Emperor are leaving
this City at the rate of 4000 a year.
A number of local artists met yesterday in
the Art Institute to see the salon pictures
painted by A. Altmann, a San Francisco boy
of 22.
The only feature of the Williams trial yes
terday was the attempt of the defense to show
that one of their witnesses had been intimi
dated.
The members of the Socialist Labor party are
actively at work endeavoring to make a good
showing during the present political cam
paign.
California Jockey Club affairs comoelled
Official J. W. Brooks to resign the position of <
haudicapper at the State Fair meet to be held
at Sacramento.
The Society for the Prevention ot Cruelty to
Animals has decided not to interfere with the
fox-terrier coursing matches at the Presidio
Athletic Grounds. .
The schooner Nettie Sundborg, from Point :
Sur for San Francisco, ran into a whale off
Mi nterey Bay and was nearly capsized a
couple of days ago.
The mail steamer Alameda had a rough time
of it between Auckland and Apia. Purser Sut
ton's cabin was flooded and he was almost j
swept out of his bed.
The directors of the Mechanics' Fair will j
give a handsome cup for the winner of a j
pigeon flight from Gilroy to this City, the con
test to take place September 22.
Fair Friday; warmer in the extreme north
west portion; fresh northwesterly winds,
brisk to high on the northern coast. — Local
Forecast Official, W. H. Mammon.
Public Administrator Freese yesterday caused
four suits to be tiled against CO. Swanberg
and Henry Westphal in connection with the
».state of Louis Corriveau. deceased.
The report of the Fire Department for the
past fiscal year, submitted to the Commis- j
sioners yesterday, contained many important
recommendations by Chief Sullivan.
. Articles of incorporation of the Pacific Coast ;
line and Fuel Company- were filed August 26.
Its purposes are to control, buy and sell gas, I
water and electric works of every description. I
Lady cyclists express indignation at the
Southern Pacific charge for the transportation '
of wheels, and' in a quiet way will use their in- |
fluence to secure the passage of an Armstrong
bill.
Hon. Frank Farrell, M. P., of New South
Wales, is here in quest of political information ;
of value to his country and to rest form ardu- i
ous labors. He will be in California some
time.
Collector Wise received instructions yester
day from the department at Washington to
immediately institute criminal proceedings ■
against all importers of Chinese lottery
tickets. fftfjffiim
The preliminary examination of Arthur
Jackson, charged with the murder of August
Florentine, saloon-keeper, was concluded yes
terday, and judge Joachimsen reserved his
decision for a week.
A Coroner's jury strongly censured the
Market-street Railroad yesterday for causing
the death of young Louis Locke, who was
killed by a Mission-street electric-car on the
afternoon of August 20. B"*!l!
Chief Steward Clark of the Alameda nearly
lost his eyesight last trip. A soda-water bottle
he was opening Durst and the flying fragment
cut his left eye badly. Dr. Casey dressed the
wound and be is now almost well again. - -
The Point Lobos Silver Club held a meeting
last evening atFarrell's HalL comer of Ninth
avenue ana Point Lobos road- The club was
addressed by Joseph P. Kelly, Democratic can
didate for Congress in the Fifth District.
Sallusch Scheyer yesterday filed an answer
and cross-complaint in the shit brought by
Maurice Kosenthal against M. Scheyer & Bros., j
in which he charges Rosemhal with appro- i
priating the firm's money to his own use.
" The San FranciECO Paving Company brought
suit against Auditor Broderick yesterday to
secnr* a writ of mandate requiring him to
allow the defendant's bill of $635 31 for pay- ;
ing on Fell street, between Kakerand Stanyan. !
W. Frank Whittter, the millionaire, has built
himself a palatial-home on the corner of Jack
son and Laguna streets. It is now almost
ready for furnishing, and will be opened on
the occasion of his daughter's marriage next
October.
The Continental League will give a Ladies'
Night entertainment in Saratoga Hall, 814
Geary street, this evening. A fine programme
of vocal and instrumental music has been pre
pared, and addresses will be made by Presi
dent Frank D. Worth, Senator George C. Per
kins Hon. Engene F. Loud and Hon. Henry C.
Dibble.
Plants for the new Mission High School have
been completed by Architect Charles L Havens
and accepted by the Board of Education. It is
expected that the building will be erected and
ready for occupancy at the opening of the next
school year. The cost of the lot and building
is estimated at $200,000,- and when finished it
will be the best high school west of Chicago.
James H. Campbell, the San Jose lawyer, for
several years past employed by the Lux heirs
as their attorney jit an annual fee of $12,000,
was yesterday deprived of the further enjoy- I
ment of such fee, Judge Buck of Redwood City !
granting the request of the heirs themselves, :
who claimed that up to date their attorney [
had received $93,000, while they had never
got a cent from the estate.
XEW TO-DAT.
SCRATCH
AND
SCREAM
My baby broke out with a rash. He would
•cratch and scream. It would take two to hold
him and one to put medicine on him. We had
to hold him sometime* an hour before we could
act him quieted down. All said that they never
saw such a face or body on any baby as on him.
I had to tie his hands tight in a cloth, night and
day for fire months. My sister had usedCUTI-
CUKA, and I began to use it. After only one
application, he lay down and ttevtM he had not
for a month, poor little fellow. He has not a scar
on him now, and is as fair and hi; flesh is as soft
an any baby While he had thU disease I had to
cut the sleeves out of his clothes, and put gauze
underwear on him to keep him cool. I had to
keep piece* of soft cloth around his neck. It was
so wet with moisture from the sores, and I had to
change the cloths sometimes ten or twelve times
> day. Mm. A. HAYNEB. Lisbon, N. D.
SfllDT CC«« T««ATJ«XT ro« Babt H<:«oks.--
Wirm bath, with CmcßiA Soap, «nd rentle applica-
tions of Cbticdea (ointment), the *rt»t »kin cur*.
Sold throughout the world. £{>"*» D«B» AKB
Cmxu. Corp., Sole Prop*, Boftoa, U. 8. A.
FREE COINAGE OF
CAMPAIGN LIES.
Exposure of a Malicious
Fake in a Morning
Paper.
TO HARM REPUBLICANS.
Statements of John D. Sprecke.s
and of County Clerk
Curry.
HARMONY IN THE PARTY
The Campaign Opened Under the Host
Flattering Auspices for '
Success.
County Clerk Carry's attention was
called yesterday to an article in the
Chronicle setting forth that he and John
D. Spreckels had quarreled and that Mr.
Curry was about to discharge from his
office all deputies friendly to A. J. Martin
and John D. Spreckels.
Mr. Curry was surprised more than any
one else when he read the exuberant fake,
and he at once dispatched a messenger to
Mr.- 'Spreckels to assure him that the state
ment was an utter falsehood and had not
been «uegested by or emanated from him.
The same paper has charged that Mr.
i Spreckels had turned the local Republi
can organization over to Messrs. Martin
and Crimmins and that he had a confer
i ence recently with Christopher A. Buck
i ley regarding the management of the
: political campaign.
These statements were made for the pur
pose of creating the impression that the
! Republicans of this City are not har
monious and of injuring the prospects of
the party during the present campaign.
County Clerk Curry, when asked yester
day afternoon concerning the article in
the Chronicle, replied that the statements
were false from beginning to end. He
was on the most friendly terms with Mr.
Spreckels and had not had a quarrel or a
disagreement with him in any manner or
upon any subject. He could not under
stand why the Chronicle should print
: such deliberate falsehoods unless it was
| with the intention of injuring the pros
; pects of the local Republican party. Ira
| mediately upon reading the article in the
! Chronicle he had dispatched a messenger
! to Mr. Spreckels to assure him that the
! article had been published without his
knowledge or sanction and that it was a
lie concocted by enemies of the party.
John D. Spreckels, when interviewed re
! garding the article, said that it was a lie
made out of whole cloth.
"There is absolutely no foundation for
it," he added. "It was invented and pub
i lished for the purpose of injuring the Re
publican party. The other day that paper
contained a statement that I had had a
j coQierence with Chris Buckley in the
j HoVel Savoy. Now, the fact of the matter
I is that I have not spoken to Chris Buck
! ley in two years, and I don't know where
i the Hotel Savoy is. All the statements
in the Chronicle are absolutely false and
made out of whole cloth. It has a habit
; of publishing a deliberate lie about a man
I and then sending some one around the
next day to ask if it was true.
"IJhave no personal interest in politics,
except that I want to see the Republican
party succeed because it is the only party
that has ever brought prosperity to the
people. It is the only party under which
the interests of business men and wage
workers alike are safe. My desire is to
have the Republicans of this City united
in order that they may march solidly upon
the enemy. Persons who desire the de
feat of the Republican party are doiug all
in their power to create discord and a split
in the party. My only aim is to keep it
together. Ido this simply because I am
a Republican and proud of my party and
rejoicing in its success.
"Mr. Curry and myself have been and
are on the most friendly terms. He sent
a messenger to me this morning to assure
me that the statement in the Chronicle
was a lie pure and simple. It is not true
either that 1 have handed the local organi
zation over to Martin and Crimmins. The
local organization does not belong to me
nor to any other man or set of men. Re
publicans are intelligent and can do their
own thinking. They are nnited in this
State and will continue so."
The Chronicle's faKe afforded much
amusement to politicians all over the City.
They marveled at the brazen ingenuity
which had conceived a set of falsehoods so
palpable and made small side bets as to
the nature of the next fake to appear In
that paper.
LAWTON ON COINAGE.
His Opinion on the Effect of an
Unlimited Supply of
Sliver.
Israel Lawton, one of the best informed
men on the coast on the subject of finance,
has addressed the following interesting
open letter to A. C. Schlesinger:
Villa La Jota, Napa County, Cal.,(
August 25. 1896. I
A. C. Schlesinger Esq.— Dear Sir: Our inter
! view a few days since indicated that although
: we differ upon old party lines we agree upon
; the controlling issue of tne coming campaign;
i and believe it is the duty of all good conservn
; live and law-abiding citizens to do nil In their
j power to convince the electors that the scheme
of the advocates of free and unlimited coinage
of silver is unsound in theory, and if put into
practice will result in financial disaster the
like of which has never been seen in this
country.
Having had an experience of four year* as
superintendent of the United States Mint at
I San Francisco, and always taking much inter
| est In the study of financial questions, 1 feel
warranted in giving some facts and figures on
the financial situation as to the coinage of
standard silver dollars, and which you are at
liberty to use as you may see fit in curing the
financial iunacy Involved in the proposition
of free and unlimited coinage of silver. The
Government for eighty years of its existence
and up to 1873 coined about 8,000,000 silver
dollars.
A law was passed by Congress in 1873 by
I which the individual deposits for the coinage
of silver was stopped, which law is now de
nounced by the silver enthusiast as a great
ontrage and crime, although it was fully de
bated and considered and in fact advocated
by some legislators who are now proclaiming
their incompetency for legislators by repudiat
ing their own acts.
Since 1873 the Government has coined
420.000,000 standard silver dollars.
If the increased coinage of silver dollars in
twenty -three years at the rate of 50 to 1 over
the coinage of eighty years before did not
bring prosperity and good times how can it be
accomplished by the free and unlimited coin
age of silver?
If all the mints of the United States were put
into full operation and directed to coin all the
standard silver dollars they were able to be
sides attending to the necessary gold coinage,
■übsidiary coins, nickels and other small coins.
THE SAN JTKAJN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
the entire output of silver dollars would not
exceed 5,000,000 per mouth or 60,000,000 a
year.
If the voter who thinks the free and un
limited coinage of silver is the panacea for his
financial ills and suffering, and succeeds in
successfully aiding the enthusiastic silver
mine owner and speculator in dumping their
54 cents' worth of silver into the mints and
• receive the Governmental indorsement or
guarantee thereon for 100 cents^who will re
ceive the pront between the true value and
the indorsed or guaranteed value?
It certainly would not be the laborer, me
chanic or farmer, but would be the mine-own
ers, brokers and other speculators.
If the silver legislators, in their great gener
osity toward the suffering people, should make
the Government much more paternal than it
is at present, give something for nothing and
enact laws distributing the whole coinage of
silver among the masses pro rata after pur
chasing it at 129 cents per ounce (it being
worth about one-half the price), it would be a
very slow process in the way ol relieving
financial distress and want and doing away
with '-hard times," as each of our population
would get less than $1 a year.
The Mint and Sub-Treasury of San Francisco
hold over 60,000,000 of these standard dollars.
Our Mint also has enough silver bullion in ad
dition to coin 15,000,000 more, called seigulor
age or profits.
This bullion is being coined into silver dol
lars (as it cannot be coined under the law into
any inner denomination) at the rate of $600,
--000 per month, and the output will soon be in
creased to about $1,000,000 per month.
This mass of silver dollars would load 2250
carts at the ratio of one ton to each cart. As
an object lesson, imagine a procession of carts
driven as close as would be safe, a ton of silver
dollars on each cart, and the silver enthusiast
on the start shouting for the coinage of more
silver dollars 1
This procession would reach from the Cliff
House to tne Oakland ferry and would only
transfer the silver dollars in San Francisco
alone.
These silver dollars can be obtained by any
Derson having the financial ability to put up
100 cents for them (they being intrinsically
worth less than 54 cents) and have them
shipped to their order to any express station
in Alaska, Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado or
intermediate points free from expense of
transportation, as that expense is borne br the
Government.
The issue of the greenback currency during
our civil war and its effect upon the financial
conditions at the time I well remember, as
many others do. It was a case of great emer
gency and done from patriotic motives, and
all of the loyal States except California acqui
esced in and acted upon the changed condi
tions produced by an immense volume of cur
rency.
The effect ol the issue was that before a
greenback was seen in circulation the gold and
silver in circulation in the East disappeared
as if by magic, and business men issued shin
plasters, and eveii postage stamps were used
for change. The result was an inflation of
values and it seemed for a while that the peo
ple were prosperous, but it was a delusion and
the East to-day is suffering^from "hard times,"
as all other sections are.
1 know of large farming sections of New
York State where the farms are mortgaged for
50 per cent more than they were before the
ereenback issue. Of all the states in tne Union
that should avoid the hallucination and delu
sion of the silver sentiment it Is California, on
acconnt of the specific contracts that require
that all debts shall be paid in gold coin. It
may be somewhat different in States where
the contracts call only for "lawful money,"
I but free and unlimited coinage of silver will
not relieve them. Very truly yours,
Israel Lawton.
BRYAN AND SAMSON.
Congressman's Loud's Eloquent
Speech Before the Forty-First
District Club.
The Republicans of the Forty-first Dis
trict attended the McKinley Club meeting
of that district in force last night to listen
to an address on campaign issues by Con
gressman Eugene F. Loud.
"If you would get the Republican argu
ments in favor of protection in a nutshell,' 1
he said, "you woula better study McKin
ley's letter of acceptance than anything
else with which lam acquainted. I deem
it the most cogent, clear and concise letter
of acceptance, embodying the issues be
fore the American people, ever issued by
any Presidential nominee in the history of
our Nation."
Bryan, he said, was more of a Populist
than anything else, and more of a
stumpspeaker than either, and while in
Congress a'l bis efforts were devoted to
securing consideration for Populistic
measures. The protective issue he avoids
entirely, and will do nothing but rant on
free silver.
The history of the Republican party, he
asserten, was a history of honorable acts
and unselfish motives, while the Demo
crats haa turned things into disorder every
time they had got into office. He had no
doubt the people would show no hesita
tion in choosing this time between the
Republican party and safe government
and Democratic Populism and chaos.
Loud was followed by Henry C. Dibble,
who made a forcible and eloquent speech
on the radical and conservative periods in
the history of the party of Lincoln and
Grant.
Chairman Firebaugh compared Bryan
to Samson, who broke the pillars
of the temple and went to the grave with
the assembled throng. The pillar in this
case, he said, is free silver, and Bryan is
clinging to it in despair. If he can only
get the country to vote for it it will send
the whole country to perdition to keep
himself company.
Ladies' Nle-ht.
The following is the programme for the
ladies' night entertainment to be given
this evening by the Continental League in
Saratoga Hall at 814 Geary street:
Overture, Professor A. Sichel's orchestra;
remarks, President Frank D. Worth ; vocal
solo, "For AH Eternity" (P. Reiter), Mrs.
Prosper, violin obligato by P. Reiter: address,
Benator George C. Perkins; selections, Wilson
Mandolin Club; barytone soio, "Postilion,"
Ed C. Boy sen; address, Hon. Eugene F. Loud;
song, Miss Ella Ellis; recitation, "Spartacus,
J. J. Feely; address, Hon. Henry C. Dibble;
violin solo, "Mszirka," Henry Larsen; bnry
tone solo, '•Brigands' Love Song," A. Ker;
soprano solo, Miss Fannie L. Denny; soprano
solo, Miss Ethel Tillson; "Workmen's Jubilee."
Miss Ethel Ibbotson, chorus by audience;
selections by Professor Charles F. Graeber's
banjo, mandolin and guitar club of forty ladies
and gentlemen.
Professor A. Sichel will accompany the
singers on the piano.
At 10:30 o'clock dancing will begin.
Club Officers Elected.
A meeting of Republicans of the Thirty
first Assembly District was held last night
at Phoenix Athletic Hall, corner of Eighth
and Folsom streets, and the following
named officers were elected: President,
Ben Davis; vice-president, Samuel Myers;
treasurer, Samuel Block; secretory, N. A.
Harris; sergeant-at-arms, John Riley; en
rollment committee — William Goldstein
(chairman), Samuel Fischer, Al McCusher,
James Cotter; executive committee —
Louis Harris (chairman), Henry Egan,
Eugene King and Joe Salasme.
One hundred and twenty-five members
signed the roll.
The Blalne Club.
The Blame Club will meet this evening
at K. R. B. Hall, corner of Mason and
O'Farrell streets. There will be a good
programme of music and speeches.
Republican Notes.
General E. S. Salomon organized a Ger
man Republican club last wees with
twenty-nine members, and has requested
them to join the new club organized last
night.
Ernest Weyand of Colusa and A. .
Simpson of Stockton were among the
visitors to the Republican State Central
Committee headquarters yesterday. They
report sound money and protection as the
live issues in those places.
Major McLaughlin, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee, has
designed an elegant poster, whicn has
just been lithographed in colors. "The
top represents » bust of William McKiD
ley over two American flags. On one side
are scenes representing carpenters and
ot er artisans at work under the Repub
lican system of protection.
On the other sida are vignettes showing
scenes of idleness and destitution under
tbe Democratic system of free trade. Then
is given an object lesson on the market
price of wheat from 1880 to 1891 under
Democratic and Republican administra
tions, showing an avcra"e of 90.2 cents per
bushel under the Republican Administra
tion and 65.7 under the Democratic ad
ministration.
THE ALAMEDA
ALWAYS ON TIME,
Between Sydney and San
Francisco She Rarely
Varies.
STEWARD CLARK BETTER
He Nearly Lost His Eyesight
Through a Peculiar Ac
cident
A SODA-WATEK BOTTLE BURST
The Schooner Nettie Sundborg, From
Point Snr, Nearly Wrecked on
a S.eeping Whale.
Nothing but heavy weather seems to
have prevailed of late between Sydney, N.
S. W. ana Apia, Samoa. On her trip the
Monowai was caught in a gale between
Chief Steward O. N. Clark of the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Alameda, One of the Most Popular Caterers That Sails Out
of San Francisco. On His Last Voyage He Nearly Lost His
Eyesight Through a Soda-Water Bottle That Burst. Dr.
Casey, the Ship's Surgeon, Managed to Pull Him Through.
Sydney and Auckland and owing to the
seas that broke aboard the purser was con
fined to his room for twenty-four hours.
Between Auckland and Apia Purser
Sutton of the Alameda was literally
washed out of his quarters and for three
days and three nigbis had to content him
self with a berth on the lower deck. The
first wave that broke aboard carried away
the swinging door on Mr. Sutton's room
and flooded the cabin. The next one that
broke aboard washed up a picture that
hangs over Mr. Sutton's bed and landed
him in five feet of water. Luckily an
other wave did not break and when the
water subsided the purser mado his escape
and sought the seclusion afforded by the
lower deck.
Chief Steward O. N. Clark is himseli
again. Last trip he had his eye badly cut,
by an exploding soda-water bottle." Dr.
Casey made an excellent job of replacing
the eye and sewing up the wound, and
while Mr. Clark cannot now see as well as
usual still the disfigurement is very slight.
He still wears glasses, but otherwise no
one would know that be had had such a
narrow escape. Clark is one of the oldest
employes in the service of tne Oceanic
Steamship Company. He joined the Ala
meda when she was launched from
Cramps' shipyard and has remained by
her ever since. He is a great favorite with
the traveling public and every one was
sorry to near of his painful accident.
The cabin passengers by the Alameda
from Sydney, Auckland, Apia ana Hono
lulu were:
Sydney— Hon. Frank Farnell and Mrs. Far
neli, Miss Cox, Rev. Father Maher, VV. A. D.
Laskie.fß. D. Mitcheson, J. C. Forsyth, Miss
Shainwald, F. C. Chandler, De Garmo Gray
and wife, W. A. Harper, Miss M. Graham, E.
Morrison, G. E. O. Noonan, Mr. Milne, Mrs.
Milne, Mrs. Rosenthal, Master Banks, C. L.
Wragge, G. C. Wett, Mrs. Scott, Miss Scott, Carl
Sander.
Auckland— Rev. Father Madden, L. A. T.
Johnson, R. R- Jacques, Leo M. Myers, \V. H.
Massey, Mrs. VV. H. Massey and intant, Miss
Massey. Miss Brown, J. F. Frith, Mr. Makgill,
Mrs. Makgill and two infants, Miss Dudley, W.
Hay Dickon, Andrew Knox.
Apia— Mrs. Churchi IC. Zeigler.
Honolulu— E. C. Macfarlane, F. W. Macfar
lane and wife, Misses Mncfarlnne, Judge Wide
mann and wile, Miss Widemann, Miss E. Wide
mann, R. W. McChvsney and wife, Mrs. J. F.
bowler, J. M. McChesney, wile, three children
and maid, H. Shainwald, R. Kennedy, Miss
Deacon, J. Nawahi and wife, A. G. Neepea, J.
E. Richards, wife and two sons, Mrs. Rhodes,
A. W. Keech, A. Hocking and wile, T. H. Pa
lachi, F. B. Dresslar, R. Johnson, Ben Holla
day. Miss Cahill.
Mrs. Graham, the stewardess, and her
daughter, Miss Mary Glencross Graham,
received a flattering reception by their
friends in Sydney. The young lady gradu
ated from Rincon Hill Grammar School
lant year and took a pleasure trip to the
Antipodes with her mother. In the home
of Thomas Abbott of Waverly— one of
Sydney's suburbs— a party was held and
Mrs. Graham was presented with a ruby
ring and Miss Graham wiih a handsomely
fitted traveling- bag. Both presents were
made as a mark of esteem in which Mrs.
Graham is held by the Australian travel
inz public-
Captain O. M. Johnson and crew of the
schooner Netiie Sundbore had a startling
experience off Monterey Bay a couple of
days ago. The schooner was on her way
from Point Sur for San Francisco, and
making good time. At 7a. m. there was a
shock that brought everybody on deck in
a hurry. The vessel heeled over until her
port rail was under water, and ttie eeneral
impresaion was that she had run aground.
Jt was only a whale, however, and its
frantic efforts to escape made all the
trouble. The fluke of the anchor had be
come fastened in the mammal, and it left
! nearly four square feet of hide behind it
as a memento" of its encounter. Captain
Johnson says that if whal< rs are anxious
they need not waste any time, as all they
have to do is u> wait and the whalea will
go to them.
One of the prettiest sights seen on the
bay for many a day was furnished by the
German ship Peru yesterday. Th? vessel
I came here from North Shields, England,
via Taltal. The latter port Captain Ohling
put into for orders. On arriving here she
came to anchor ofr Meiggs wharf. When
orders came to move to the Rollinsr-mills
to discharge her cargo of coal an offer of
a tugboat was made. A fresh breeze was
blowing and after declining the offer Cap
tain Ohling set his two lower topsails and
jib, raised his anchor and sailed up the
bay as easily and gracefully as a yacht
The steam schooner Protection, which
arrived from Usal yesterday, had a rough
experience off Fort Bragg last Wednesday.
There was a heavy northwest swell and
several seas broke aboard. Some of the
deckload of lumber and part of the after
rail were carried away.
The most valuable cargo ever shipped
from San Francisco in a sailing ship will
Jeave here in the Celticburn. It is as
cesseu at a little under $248,000, and thus
more than doubles the value of the goods
taken away by the Somali in 1894. The
latter is the largest British ship afloat, but
her cargo was all wheat, while the Celtic
burn's is general merchandise, as follows:
Barley, 13.692 centals; bran, 1800 sacks ;
cotton, 10,942 pounds; bark, 931 sacks;
canned vegetables, 145 cases; canned fruit,
43,674 cases; flour, 2000 barrels; honey, 20
cases; spirit liquors, 70 eallons; salmon, 11,
--208 exists; wheat, 37,024 centals. Value
! $247,271. »
The shipments of flour to EuroDe are
few and far between, and this is probably
only the third or fourth time that bran
has been sent from here to Liverpool.
When the steamer Alameda was at Apia,
Samoa, the sloop Spray from Boston was
in port. She arrived July 31, and Captain
Slocum reported a fair-weather passage
throuehout. The intrepid sailor did not
round the Horn, but went through the
Straits of Magellan and made a fair
weather passage of it ail the way.
ANARCHY OR ORDER?
Judgre Carpenter 'i Minks Democrats
Must Choose Between Them.
Resolutions of Respect.
Scottish Hall was crowded to the door
\v:iy last ni^ht to hear Judge R. B. Car
penter speak on campaign issues. Attor
ney Joseph Campbell was expected toad
dress the meeting, but sent in a commu
nication stating that he was suffering
from a severe cold and could not come.
Judge Carpenter introduced his oratori- 1
cal effort by stating that this will be the
most momentous election in the history of j
the United States; that it is really a ques
tion of the existence of the whole Nation,
a choice between pure government and
order, or Altgeldism. •■„"'••',-.
"The f Democratic party," he ■ said, "is
split into factions and its leaders have de
serted it. The silver element is ruled by
anarchists, socialists and what not.
"In some places it looks as if the Popu
lists had swallowed the Democrats, bat in
California the Democrats seem to have
gobbled up the Populists. At the coming
election we will whip both. -
r "What does the Democratic s party de
mand i Free \ and ' unlimited coinaee ■of
silver in the ratio of 16 to 1 and the put
ting forth of notes without reference to
banks or anything else. ; .
- "What i does 16 to 1 mean? Sixteen,
ounces of silver to one of gold, of course. I
Can you auestion -which should be re
garded as the standard when one is worth
: sixteen times as much as the other? -
"The Republican party believes in the
free coinage of silver, but it must be done
by international agreement, so that other
nations will promise not to dump their
silver into our mints. :• 1 ;, ■ . '
; \ r "I will assert, in spite of , the Populistic
howls, that not a silver coin is now in cir
culation which ' is % not \ the work of a ; Re
publican administration." ', [Applause.] ,v '
An excellent musical programme, both
vocal and instrumental, was rendered be
fore and ■; after Judge Carpenter's speech.
Approaching time - for adjournment, Jo
seph Goddard j offered > a -, resolution vof
re3pect to the memory of C. H. M.'. Curry,
the father of County Clerk Curry, and one
of the organizers of "the ' Phoenix Club, !
whose ' body was !; then : lying \ in ''„ state at
County \ Clerk : Currv's; home, and ■: that an
adjournment be taken out .of J respect to
their honored member who was no more.
The resolution was adopted unanimously,
with every show of reipect. >•
* — ♦ — • .
. Threads of shredded steel are ', used >in
Germany as a substitute % for sandpaper.
It is said;. to work more^quicfeiy and uni
formly than sandpaper, and does not clog.
• ♦ — •
Every Pioneer will ; want the Wasp's great
special number.' Past ana present of San Fran
cisco described in sixty pages of pictures. Out
Saturday. Price 25 cents." ," - , •
THE CORRIVEAU
ESTATE AGAIN,
Four Suits Were Brought
Yesterday on Ac
count of It.
ATTACHMENTS FILED
Upon Realty Owned by C. 0
Swanberg and Henry W.
Westphal,
AND AISO UPON THEIE STOCKS
Public Administrator Freese Makes
a Move to Bring a Noted
Case to an Issue.
Another move has been taken to secure
from C. 0. Swanberg and Henry W. West
phal property aileged to have belonged to
the estate of Louis Comveau, deceased.
During the many months since Corriveau
died the estate has figured in the public
press to a large extent, owing to several
more or less sensational occurrences and
some sensational allegations concerning
the diversion of Corriveau's property. Tne
latest move occurred yesterday, when four
suits were begun in the name of Public
Administrator Freese to recover from
Swanberg and Wesiphal amounts aggre
gating $36,000. Three of these suits are
directed jointly against Messrs. Swanberg
and Westphal and one against Swanberg
separately.
The suit brought against Swanberg is
for $10,000. The suits in which both de
fendants are joine i made up the total
named in the foregoing, one being for
$20,000, one for $5000 and one for a smaller
amount.
By virtue of these four suits attach
ments have issued against nearly all of
the property of the two defendants that
can,be discovered, both real and personal.
This includes eleven parcels of real estate,
mostly on Mission street, and also the
stock owned by both of the defendants in
the|Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage Com
pany, of which Mr. Westphal is the secre
tary and treasurer. The total amount rep
resented by the four suits does not repre
sent much more than half of the value of
what the Corriveau estate was supposed to
be worth a sew months prior to the deatn
of Corriveau. The attorneys have steadily
insisted, since tne tirst act in the legal
drama became public, tnat Corriveau was
worth at least $60,u00 just preceding his
death, and that no less amount than this
was surreptiti juslydiverted within a period
of a very few months.
Henry W. Westphal is in the City, but
C. 0. Swan berg is supposed to be in
Sweden. He left San Francisco about the
21st of last montu, presumably bound for
Sweden, which is now mentioned in the
City directory as his place of residence.
The four suits now begun were instituted
by Crittenden Thornton, an attorney for
the Public Administrator and also for
Ludwig M. Hoeffer, who represents a
Canadian woman who is the sole legatee
under the will of Louis Corriveau. This
woman is living on charity, is the ward
of a Canadian parish and adds pathos to
the singular story of Corriveau's estate by
the contribution of a daily letter, in
French, to the literature of the case. She
continually implores that she may receive
some of the money which belongs to her
under the will.
MR- SMITH PROTESTS.
Correct Account of His Recent En-
counter With Attorney Nagle.
There are two sides to every story, and
sometimes the wrong side is the first pre
sented to the public view. Such seems to
have been the case regarding a recent en
counter between Attorney Charles G.
Naeie and A. R. Smith. Still, Mr. Smith's
account of the affair is no means uninter
esting. In a letter to The Call he ac
knowledged that he does not like Mr.
Nagle and admits haying called him a
liar.
"Mr. Xa^le did not flatten me against a
building," pursues Mr. Smite. "He did
HEW TO-DAT.
The Japanese pay ■ their
doctor while they are well.
When they get sick, or die
— no more money for the
doctor.
Same way with Schillings
Best tea. So long as you
like it, you pay for it
Some grocers sell it ; you
will find directions in the
package ; you get your
money back if you don't
like it
' ftVaasl "i^BTT- 4
Japan 50 c 25 c
English -Breakfast 60 c 30 c
Oolong: 75 c 40 c
Ceylon 80 c 40 c
Ideal Blend $1 25 65 c
A Schilling & Company
8m randsco]*g|3|^gj|fff§§l AM
NEW TO-I>AT-A3IUSEMEjrr3.
" MECHANICS'
INSTITUTE PAVILION.
Twtnty-.\in!li Industrial Exposition!
home products:, exhibition
UNDEK THE ATJBPICES OF THE 1
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
AND THK
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
OPENS SEPTEMBER I.
CLOSES OCTOBER 3.
Machinery, In Motion.
Trade Exhibits in Operation. - >
The Latest Innovations in Electric il Science.
All Exhibits Ready on the Opening; of the Fair.
Picturesque Stands and Booths. - ;
State Fisheries Exhibit.
Carefully Selected Art Gallery. :
Orchestra of 4O Musicians Under the Leader-
;. ship of GUSTAV HINRICHS.
- ADMISSION:
Doable Season Ticket. ...:..:.:.........i.;....*5 00
Single Season Ticket.:............; *3 00
Children's Season Ticket .....'. ....;: . ...f 1 50
Adult 'Admission.; .vr.':rrr.~T:r.Trr:Tr.rrr:r.:'- '25c
Children — Admission ;.... :.:'.-. 15c
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 P. x.
TTEW TO-DAT.
Poor
1 PilgarlicJ I
Ij there is no need for you fj
H to contemplate a wig j|
jsj when you can enjoy the j|
| pleasure of sitting again |j
fjjj under your own "thatch." [ft
H You can begin to get %
(bj your hair back as soon ($
($ as you begin to use |w
1 Ayer's I
1 Hair Vigor. I
not cut either eye. No stitches were made
by a surgeon, nor did I receive any surgical
or medical attention whatsoever, there
being no occasion for sucli services. In
advancing toward Mr. Najjle I stumbled,
and during the time my head was bent
he struck me on the top of the head, and
the ring that was on his ripht hand made
a slight laceration of the scalp and drew
blood. He did not bit me except once,
and I have no recollection of seeing any
stars. No friends intervened. I was not
laid up for repairs, nor am I now.'
Mr. Smith contends that The Call's ac
count of the affair did not do him justice,
hence his communication.
— • — ♦— •
Divorce is easily accomplished in Cochin
China. The man and wife who are eager
to separate assemble a few friends and in
their presence break a couple of chopsticks
anrt the divorce is secured.
NEW TO-PAT- AMUSEMENTS.
■fW^rrtJEATRE *l props
Every Night! Matinee Saturday!
A MAELS'i-KO.H OF MKIIKIjuXT!
"Oh. What a Night!'
"THE GAY PARISIANS"
With he Best Comedy Cast Vet. > .' *'*
Management Charles Frohman'.
j(£8~ Positively Last Time of •' Ihe Gay Paris-
ians" SUNDAY NIGHT, August 30th.
NEXT MONDAY
"MADAME SANS GENE"
JUS" Seats Now Selling, jgg
TI VOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mlf>. KsilSi. AiiKM.VH. ITJpr.dior it.vi^u^JC
Grand Opera, Season I
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING,'
. ■ : , . Verdi's Lyric Drama,
" ZjA' TRAVIATA!" 1
To-morrow Evening— Mascagni's Masterpiece,
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA." .
Preceded by the Balcony and Marriage Scenes front
"ROMEO AND JULIET."
NEXT WEEK
Monday, Weanesday,' Friday and Sunday,'
Verdi's Tragic Opera,
: ,— "BRNANI" — — '■$
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, by special Request,
. 1 'RIQOLjBTTO. • '
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROCCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTKB MOKOSCO, Sole Lessee *iU ±Ua*t*s
1 Langhing Success! A Laughing Success!
Don't Miss Them! ' -T
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, KD; J. HURON,
Soubrette, ••:■■.' ,Comedlan,
In That Funniest of Comedy Dramas,
".A. NUTMEG M \TOH I' »
A Play About Farm Life in Connecticut by
Wm. Haworth. Author of "The Ensign."
A Thrilling Pile-Driver Scene!
New Songs!— New: Specialties! — New Dances!
. Evening Prices— 2sc and 500.
:.. Family Circle and Gallery, 10c. .
• '.- . ■"_ ' : '-••-.-■.• ■:■'
O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
22 ' All Great Vaudeville Stars 9%
Only One Night More of
THE QREATBIONDI I •
" The One-Man Italian Opera Co. -
- The Greatest Attraction of the Day.
. Don't Mi« It.
23 — — All Great Vaudeville Stars 23
.Reserved seats, 25c; .balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 60c. Get your seats In advance. '
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Belasco. Doaxe & Jordan, Lessees & Managers
AUSPICIOUS OPENING!
AUSPICIOUS OPENING!
AUSPICIOUS OPENING I
Week Commencing Monday, August 31
' The Screaming Comedy,
"TURNED UP!"
By the New and Powerful Stock Com*
pany Comprising 18 Prime Favorites.
— EVEIiY NIGHT-
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Prices, 15c. 25c, 35c, and sOc. Box
Seats 75c. Telephone Black 991.
1 Tf * ~0 i ' v i-^
THICDLAiiDtHOOTTLOD *» o>- u»«A.nDrwiAC«J--.
Think of It ! San Francisoo to Outdo the Great
City of New York ! That is What ; - ■
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY Is Doing With
" "THE SOCIAL TRUST," by Ramsey Morris
and Hillary Bell. The Best Production, Ever.
THE CHUTES, CAS
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P.M. '
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. ■■
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
i THE FUNNY LITTLE JAPS!
THE DX KILII'PES
And Our Wonderful Attractions!
SPECIAL ! — Sunday Afternoon, jdgj&K
SMIL MARKEBEKG ft?i*fil
Will Make a \SiM&
BALLOON ASCENSION A.NDW
PARACHUTE DROP W.
Liberating Carrier Pigeons 1 . *St^. :
ADMISSION 1O CENTS. '
Children, including Merry-Cio-Kound Hide, 5 cents.
I^TATEJAIR
irOlblND PAVILION
/ DISPL-5.7. 1
ftELECTRiIcMOTIVB;PoWER
i> Transmitted fßoq fbLSOM
iFfFAiLi'iv™
EXCURSION RATES. :
78
FREE TRADE HITS EVERY INDUSTRY.
Viewed in any light there is no reason
able way by which the Democrats can
evade the tariff question, yet their paid
champions persistently ignore it, seeking
to throw doubt and confusion in the
minds of the masses by their perpetual
cry of free silver.
The Call, however, has presented many
facts to show that the industries of the
country are suffering from an attack of
free trade in a mild form, the same malady
which such men as Bryan heralded as the
sovereign remedy for industrial ills.
Continuing the investigation of the ques
tion along the lines marked out in previ
ous issues, covering a period long anterior
to the nomination of William Jennings
Bryan, it can be shown beyond any ques
tion that the industries of the country
Buffered greatly after the first effects of
the Wilson bill, and that they have prac
tically been running down hill ever since.
The vice-president of the Cambria Iron
End Steel Works, in answer to the inqui
ries of the American Economist as to the
effect of the Wilson bill, made the follow
ing reply:
There has been a hard struggle to keep the
factories open. Prices have nenerally been re
duced some 25 per cent owing to the dull
times in order to effect sales at all, and cow
that the new tariff has become a law the man
ufacturers are asked to reduce tiieir prices, by
the amount of the difference in duty between
the old and the new laws, even below the low
prices at which they have been recently sell-
Ing. If this be done there must be a still
further reduction .in wages. The manufac
turers, moreover, are now compelled to carry
6 took, as they cannot receive orders in ad
vance, the jobbers placing all risk upon the
shoulders of the manufacturers.
It is the same story in every line of in
dustry. Under the AlcKinley law there
DEMOCRATS FOR
SOUND. MONEY,
They Will at Once In
augurate a Vigorous
Campaign.
REASON APPEALED TO.
Logic and Net Buncombe Will
Be the Means Used
by -Them.
DELEGATES TO INDIANAPOLIS
They Will Leave California This
Evening to Attend the Sound-
Money Convention.
The executive committee of the Sound
money Democratic League of California
was named yesterday by President E. R.
EDWARD R» TAYLOR, President of the Sound-Money Democratic
League of California*
Taylor and its naming is another quick
step in the campaign march of the true
blue Democrats of California, who have a
higher regard for their ancient and
honored party principles than for the
anarchistic Chicago platform and the
gathering in of a little patronage under
the mere party name.
The league is practically a State party
organization and the executive committee,
■which is practically a State Central Com
mittee, contains the names of many of the
leading Democrats of California. The
committee is as follows:
E. B. Pond (chairman), Jeremiah Lynch, T.
Ji. Berry, Peier F. Dunne, Charles P. Eells,
Henry F. Fortmaun, Robert Y. Hayne, John P.
Irish, J. \V. McDonald, Norman McLaren, Wal
ter P. Johnson, George M. Pinckard. Emil
Pohli, Christian Reis, John Roscnfeld, Marcus
Rosenthal, J. E- Runcle. Colin M. Smith, Wil
liam Thomas, Josephs. T,obln,T.S. Williams Jr.
Chairman E. B. Pond will call a meeting
of the executive committee within a day
or two, when the working sub-committees
on literature, finance, membership, bead
quarters, et cetera, will be named, and the
organization put in complete working
shape. Active campaign operations in
the line of the systematic distribution of
eound-money literature, arrangements for
speakers, and so on. wiil promptly follow
the close of the National soun'i-money
Democratic convention at Indianapolis on
September 2.
Although the sound-money Democrats
of this 3tate will be prevented by the
ballot-law from running an electoral ticket
in support of the Indianapolis candidates,
they will nevertheless conduct a vigorous
campaign to the end that sterling Demo
crats who are loyal to the true princi
ples of their party at ail, "go a fish
ing" on November 3 for the sound-mouey
ticket, or else cast their votes for McKin
ley, who represents the be&t that is put
forth in this campaign in American
]«olitics.
John P. Irish left last night for Indian
apolis and quite a party of additional
A Study of Conditions Arraigns the Wilson Bill
for Industrial Wrongs.
was hope and prosperity, and when it was
stricken down there was despair and busi
ness stagnation. •
The Economist's report was but a mild
form of the stagnation now felt in nearly
every industry in the land— factories
closed, hands idle, capital discouraged —
all plainly Bhowing that the advocates of
a tariff knew whereof they spoke, and that
there can be nothing but business ruin
under a regime of free trade.
Inquiry among the shops, factories and
many business houses of San Francisco
shows that nearly all have felt the injury
done them by the Wilson bill — emblem of
business depression ; yet it was heralded
by the new political Moses, Bryan, as a
panacea for all industrial ills.
The report on the knit-goods industry
is interesting, for it shows the early and
disastrous effects of the measures advo
cated by the Democrats. The report
says:
From 1889 till 1892 there were many new
mills built, and nearly if not all the mills ran
steady from 1889 up to about December 1,
1893. From that time up to the present date
the average of the ruuning of the mills would
not exceed 5O per cent, while for the past year
many mills have not started up since they
shutdown. The immediate effect of the Gor
man tariff on the knit-goods industry is that it
has caused much uncertainty and hesitancy
among the manufacturers.
That is one view of the question, show
ing a side of the shield which Democrats
delegates to the National Convention will
depart on the train to-night.
DANIEL A. SHEA'S SUIT.
Want* $20,000 From the Pullman and
Southern Pacific Companies.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Aug. 27.— Daniel A.
Shea to-day began suit in the Superior
Court against the Pullman Palace Car
Company and the Southern Pacific Com
pany for $20,000 damages for being ejected
from a Pullman car attached to a Southern
Pacific tram at Mohave station on Sep
tember 2,1895. On that date Shea pur
chased a first-class ticket from Los Ange
les to San Francisco with sleeping-car
privileges. When the train reached Mo
have the employes of the Pullman car
forcibly ejected Him. Shea alleges that he
was violently assaulted, dragged from his
seat, beat over the head with some hard
instrument and knocsed down, and then
dragged into a day coach, where he was
left in a bleeding and weakened condition
from the loss of blood. The employes
made no attempt to ease his pain and
suffering, and he was obliged to continue
in such a condition to San Francisco, with
out being allowed the privileges of sleep
ing-car accommodations.
Shea alleges that he suffered great physi
cal and mental anguish and was confined
to his bed for two months, besides having
bis face scarred for life. Besides $20,000
damages prayed for he asks for $50 dam
age done to his clothes and costs of suit.
CAMP GARFIELD EXERCISES.
Concert* and Salutes to the Flag That
J'lease the Public.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 27.— A new
feature of military entertainment — new to
Santa Cruz— was presented to a large
number of spectators at Camp Garfield
this afternoon. After the concert by the
First Infantry band, that won the fre
quent applause of the people who occu-
pled shady spots under the trees,' and
when the guard-mount duty had been
performed, retreat was sounded, and
while the band played the "Btar-spangled
Banner" the American flag was run
down. This patriotic incident of * camp
iife is of interest not only to the citizens,
but to the troops, and it is an incident to
which they have become accustomed at
tneir stations. Colonel Miles had only to
intimate the desire for a flagpole in Gar
field Park when F. W. Ely, manager of
the electric railway, and John R. Chase of
the Sea Beach Hotel, immediately pro
cured one and had it raised. Tnese con
certs and salute to the flag will occur on
Tuesdays and Thursdays, thus alternat
ing with the dress parades. The field
work of the troops is proving very satis
factory and the men are fast acquainting
themselves with the vicinity.
Washington Republican Ticket •
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 27.— The Re
publican State Convention completed its
work this afternoon. Following is a full
list of nominations: Governor, P. C. Sul
livan; Lieu tenant-Governor, J. W. Arra
smith; Supreme Justice, Judge Hoy t, re
nominated; Secretary of State, James H.
Price, renominated; State Treasurer, J.
A. King; State Auditor, John E. Frost,
renominated; Attorney-General, E. W.
Ross; Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, E. C. Brunton; Commissioner of
Public Lands, W. T. Forrest, renominated;
State Printer, O. H. White, renominatea;
Electors— E. B. Andrews, Sol Smith, John
Conna (colored), and W. K. Xc nnedy.
Another Cage of Typhoid Fever.
It was reported at the Health Office yester
day . that another case of typhoid fever, that of
a young man who up to two weeks ago was
employed at A. E. Buckman's grading camp,
about which there has been so • much conto
versy, had been taken to the City and County
Hospital. Buckman is said to 3be making
preparations to move at an cany date. '
■ » 0 m
■ Caucasians are more liable to deafness
ban people of any other race. . . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
now dread to look upon. Just a mild
form of free trade, only a threat of Bryan
ism, has always been enough to alarm
capital, to suspend industry and send
labor into the dump?. The report, how
ever, continues as follows:
There has not been any special increase In
orders for goods, except a change from the
better-made goods to goods of a poorer qual
ity, many mills making choice goods having
been forced by the demand to manufacture
goods made of shoddy and waste. From 1889
to December 1, 1894, the manufacturers used
finer wool and made on an average a better
class of goods than was ever before produced
in this country. At present a large per cent
of the output is'made of the cheapest material,
producing the poorest and cheapest goods ever
made in America.
Though contained in early reports on
the subject the foregoing is in close cor
roboration of the evidence of Agent Schles
singer, the wool expert who was inter
viewed in The Call a few weeks ago. Mr.
Schlessinger told in detail how the ma/iy
mills have been closed, how 60 per cent of
them are idle and how there is stagnation
from the meadow where the shepherd
tends his flocks to the silent mill where
but two and a half years ago the factory
girl watched the loom. Mark how, in
view of Mr. Schlessinger's words, the
Economist's foreshadowing was in the line
of prophecy. It ran as follows:
The general opinion among the manufactur
ers is that they will be obliged to close their
NO SETTLEMENT
YET AGREED ON,
The Affairs of O'Farrell
& Co. Still in a
Muddle.
CREDITORS MEET TO-DAY
The Failure Still a Matter ol
Much Comment in Busi
ness Circles.
STRONG TALE OF COMPROMISE
Umbsen & Co. Are Making an Earnest
Effort to Buy the Entire
Business.
The financial affairs of J. J. O'Farreil &
Co. continue to furnish an
topic for discussion in business circles.
Naturally the failure of so prominent a
real estate firm has created a world of
talk and gossip, some of which has a de
cidedly unsavory flavor. This is particu
larly true since many of the main facts
attending tue assignment have come to
light.
In endeavoring to explain some of the
circumstances which brought about his
financial ruin, Mr. O'Farreil saw proper to
refer to his business relations a few years
back with N. H. Lang. He stated that
the withdrawal of the latter from the firm
of O'Farreil & Lang was attended with
considerable financial strain, and was
finally responsible for his downfall.
Mr. Lang denies this, but declines to
discuss in anyway bis late partner's finan
cial affairs. "All I have to say," he re
marked, "is that the books and the bill of
sale I gave him when I retired from the
firm tell quite a different story."
Yesterday there were many callers at
the office of O'Farrell & Co." on Mont
gomery street and anxious inquiries made
by those who will suffer most through the
failure. As yet no definite plan of settle
ment has been agreed on, though several
have been suggested. The one promising
the greatest amount of relief and security
to the creditors is a proposition said to
have been made by Umbsen & Co., to pur
chase the entire business oi the defunct
firm.
A meeting of creditors and clientage
has been called for this purpose to-day at
2 o'clock. The chief difficulty in the way
of a straight-out sale seems to be the ques
tion of price. It is considered likely, how
ever, that this objection will be safely
got over at the meeting to-day.
Should the plan to sell to Umbsen &
Co. fall through it is said that some of the
creditors will make an effort to have them
placed in charge of the business until the
exact liabilities can be ascertained. The
amount of O'Farrell's indebtedness has
not yet been ascertained, but it gives
promise of running well into the thou
sands. In the meantime ITmbsen & Co.
have temporary charge of affairs.
Mr. Heggerty of the firm of Knight &
Heggerty said last night:
"I have no doubt that an amicable set
tlement will be reached at the meeting to
day. The failure is a perfectly honest
one and has been coming for cue last four
years — ever since in fact his partnership
with Mr. Lang. There is not the least
thing crooked about it and all such talk is
extremely unjust to Mr. O'Farreil.
"Umbsen & Co. have temporary charge
of the business and will submit a proposi
tion to the creditors to-day which I think
will be acceded."
PRESS CLUB ELECTION.
The Tear Jnst Closed the Moat Pros
perous Ever Known to the
Institution.
The annual election of the San Francisco
Press Club took place yesterday, a rather
heavy vote being polled. This was unexpect
ed, for most of the ofheers of the year just
closing had been renominated, on account
of the great success of the administration.
However, new nominations had been made
for the directory, some of the former offi
cers being unable longer to serve, and for
these, and one or two other places, there
was some good-natured rivalry. The
ticket as elected was as follows:
For president, C. M. Coe; first vice-pres
ident, James P. Booth; second vice-presi
dent, James MacMullen; third vice-presi
dent, W. F. Bogart; recording secretary,
F. S. Myrtle; financial secretary, P. 8.
Montague; librarian, W.K. Briggs; direc
tors—Arthur McEwen, Dr. Philip Mills
Jones, L. L. Levings, Paul Cowles, C. A.
Low and C. A. Webster.
The retiring administration has added
nearly 100 new members to the club and
has paid $2000 of indebtedness. It had
also added between $3000 and $4000 worth
of pictures to those in the handsome club
rooms, and has built up a library of some
600 volumes. About $800 of debt remains,
but the club is ori so successful a basis that
this sum does not in any way count. It is
the intention to continue the same finan
mills within a few months and remain closed
until there is an adjustment of wages and
value of merchandise with foreign importa
tions. They all remark that they have no re
liable basis on which to figure for future oper
ations, as they do not know what will be the
character of the foreign competition that they
will have to meet.
Since then, however, they hare learned
to their sorrow the character of the com
petition they had to meet. They know
the dreadful results of shoddy and foreign
labor, and the idle hands who once worked
in prosperous mills can tell the sad story
of the free trade bliif ht.
Everybody in the West knows that times
have been hard here under the peculiar
ideas of Cleveland, Wilson and Bryan, yet
the latest reports from industrial centers
show that the suffering in the West lias
been less than in the East and South. The
report under consideration says:
The number of reports that were received
from the Pacific Coast was not large, but they
indicated much better conditions having ex
isted there than anywhere else in the United
States, the loss in the employment oi men be
ing 10 per cent, in wages 20 per cent and in
the amount of business or output of factories
30 per cent. From this it would appear that
the hands have been kept working when not
actually needed. That this should De the case
both there and in New England, and to a less
extent In the middle section, shows the very
earnest desire on the part of the employers to
give their employes every possible opportunity
to get on in the world.
cial and general policy that has resulted
in such prosperity to the institution. The
jinks and other entertainments which
have made the club the talk of the town
because of their excellence will be contin
ued as before.
MASTER PLUMBERS.
New Schedule of Charges for Work Will
Co Into Kffect September Ist.
On and after September 1, 1896, all the
first-class plumbers of San Francisco will
use a schedule of prices for charges on all
kinds of plumbing goods and repair work.
This measure was finally adopted by the
Master Plumbers' Association, a local
branch of the National Plumbers' Asso
ciation, after a careful consideration of the
urgent needs of its members, who have
found from personal experience in procur
ing business that it was becoming an im
possibility to do honest work except at a
heavy loss.
This condition of affairs has been
brought about by the cupidity of custom
ers, by poor business methods and by Ihe
"tramp" journeyman, who has no fixed
place of business and who is willing to
cut prices in every department of the
trade.
For the past ten months, through the
instrumentality of the Master Plumbers'
Association, wholesale merchants have
stopped selling plumbing supplies to all
persons except registered plumbers, and
the association requires all its members to
comply with the regulations of the Board
of Health. A revision of the present
credit system among tradesmen is also in
contemplation.
ONE OF NATURE'S FREAKS
Horseshoes Absorbed by a Tree
Generations Ago Discov
ered.
The greatest natural curiosity brought
to this City in many a day arrived Wednes
day on one of the gasoline steamers from
Point Reyes. It is composed of a large
piece of liveoak, embedded in which are
three horseshoes. They are of an ancient
pattern and are very Jittle worn. The cen
ter of the shoes are tilled with a knot, and
from its appearance one would judge that
the pieces of iron had been hnng on a
small branch generations ago and that
the tree had gradually absorbed them.
The shoes are. now a part and parcel of
the wood, and in order to remove them a
hammer and chisel would have to be
brought into requisition.
The find was made by Thomas Irving of
Point Reyes. He purchased a cord of
wood last week and on Monday set a man
to work splitting it up. One piece hung
together very t'naciously and a mallet
had to be used. Whe,n split open the
shoes were revealed.
"Those things were made for males,"
said old Captain Byrnes after an inspec
tion of the curiosity. "They are hand
made, and good iron is in them or they
would not be as well preserved as they are
now. Who knows where they came from?
Perhaps a hundred years ago a roving
band of Spaniards camped under the trees
at Point Reyes and one of the men hung
up the shoes cast by the mules during the
journey. In the hurry of departure they
may have been forgotten and the tree
gradually grew around them. The oak is
a slow-growing tree and it must have
been many, many years ago since it began
aosorbing that iron."
The curiosity was sent to W. Bendt,
owner of the sealing schooners Bowhead
and Winchester, and he placed it on ex
hibition in the Bowhead saloon on Clay
street. "I have been thirty years in Cali
fornia," said Bendt, 'and during that
time have seen ma n y curious things.
JN ever, however, have I seen anything to
equal these horse or mule shoes embedded
in the tree. It loots to me as though
those pieces of iron wer e in the wood for
centimes instead of generations."
At rolut Reyes Live Oaks Are Felled and Sold for Firewood. Thomas Irving
Bought a Load, and in Splitting One Piscc Discovered Three Horseshoes
Embedded in It. People Are >ow Wondering How Long It Took the Tree
to Absorb the Iron,
Since thA report, however, as recent in
quiries have shown, the condition on the
Pacific Coast has become worse. Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald, speaking of in
dustrial conditions a few days ago, said:
There have been more than 7000 applica
tions for positions the past year, and wo have
not been able to give places to more than 1000.
The student of politics, the observer of
conditions, eager to know the cause of
present distress, will admit that every re
port yet published in these columns is as
conservative as history.
In the last four articles reference has
purposely been made to conditions that
were acknowledged to exist at least a year
ago. This removes the possibility of an
accusation of campaign malice.
The report of the statisticians heretofore
quoted from continues as follows:
A peculiar condition appears to have existed
in the Southern States, where there was a de
crease of 35 per cent in the employment of
labor, of only 25 per cent in wages and of 26
per cent in the output. The fact that the
average of wages was not cut iown shows that
more hands were entirely discharged; the
average earnings of those remaining increased
by $40 per capita. It should be remembered
that wages generally are much lower in the
South than in other sections of the country.
Heuce it was possibly not found advisable to
make such large reductions in the payrolls as
were made elsewhere.
In the Western States and Territories it
would appear that every possible effort had
been made to retain wage earners In their po
sitions. The large reduction in wages is ac
counted for, perhaps, by the fact that wages
are much higher in the Western States than
they are in New England, the middle or south
ern sections. The loss of employment to the
wage eaf tiers was 26 per cent, and there was a
loss of 54 per cent in the wages earned and of
33 per cent in output. The average reduction
in the earnings of every individual worker
amounted to $126, a loss that must have en
i tailed a very serious amount of distress.
THEIR FINGERS
IN ALL PIES.
Mr. Clement Calls Super
visors Tyrants and
Then Tells Why.
A CHARTER MEETING.
Good Points Made for the New
Charter at Academy of
, Science.
CONSOLIDATION ACT SCORED.
Citizens' Charter Association's En
thusiastic Meeting— New Mem*
bers Elected.
Last evening at the regular meeting of
the Citizens' Charter Association in the
lecture room of the Academy of Science,
President James D. Phelan in the chair,
about 200 interested citizens were present,
including a number of ladies. There was
plenty of enthusiasm and applause. .
Chairman Nathan Dohrman of the com
mittee on press and publications, an
nounced that arrangements had been
made with a newspaper for the circulation
of at least 20,000 copies of the original
charter.
Ex-Freeholder Henry L. Clement ad
dressed the meeting on the "Advantages
of the New Charter Over the Old Consoli
dation Act." Mr. Clement said that what
he would say would cover the points made
in a pamphlet entitled "Why the Pro
posed New Charter Should Not Be
Adopted," to which his attention had re
cently been called. He spoke substan
tially as follows:
"The question we are called on to solve
is not whether the new charter is a per
fect document, but whether it is "not
better than the so-called consolidation
act. The -consolidation act is not and
never was a charter. It was never sub
mitted to the people to be voted on. It
was regarded as a makeshift until the
people should have time and an opportu
nity to vote on a charter. It was gradually
discovered by various City departments
that they did not have sufficient power,
and their officers went to Sacramento to
ask for more power. For twenty years
there was a disgraceful scramble for spe
cial legislation which did not stop till
1879, when the new constitution was
adopted. Franchise-hunters were there,
until now there is hardly a street in San
Francisco that is not claimed externally
by a railroad company and internally by a
gas company. Princely fortunes were
nusde.
"If all the legislative acts were in
cluded in the book called the consolida
tion act, instead of the 442 pages there
would be 1150 pages of finely printed
legislative matter.
'•The Boaid of Supervisors of the City
of San Francisco," he continued, "has
been deluged with power by legislative
acts. It is the tyrant of the City. It has
vitiated the atmosphere of the City till a
decent man hesitates to commit himself
for public office."
Mr. Clement showed the number of
powers that had been conferred on the
Board of Supervisors year by year from
1856 to 1879, and said: "After the new
constitution was adopted still the Legis
lature persisted in passing fifteen acts
conferring additional powers on the Board
of Supervisors, and in ail there were 110
of the acts conferring additional powers
on the board.
"The result is," he said, "we have over
1100 pages of undigested and indigestible
matter, under which the Board of Super
visors have misruled this City and will
continue to misrule it until the act is
wiped out by a new charter, They have
made it master of San Francisco. The
board should have the handling of no
money. The Mayor has r.o power. The
solid eight or solid nine, whichever it
should be, has passed into history.
"We can find Supervisors at the City
Hall almost any hour of the day. People
wonder how they can spend so much time
for $100 a month. You can hardly con
ceive a detail of the City and County busi
ness that the Board ot Supervisors does
not have its hand in. The building cf even
bay-windows and all sorts of contemptible
things too numerous to mention it had the
power to interfere with.
"Tbey also wield the power and curse of
patronage. City departments are com
pelled to go to the Supervisors for extra
appropriations, and they can't get them
unless they give the wily Supervisors the
patronage. This is a temptation to in
crease appropriations, in order to provide
places for political friends. The combin
ing of the legislative and executive func
tions in the Board of Supervisors is de
structive of good government."
He referred to the temper of the sand
(ot agitators and of the people of Cali
fornia in 1879, which demanded an end to
special legislation and a new constitution.
"It is impossible for any lawyer to tell
you to-day," he said, "what portions of
the so-called consolidation act are in force.
If the new charter ia adopted it will bring
order out of chaos. It institutes a system
of checks and balances under which the
corruption of the past will be absolutely
impossible. It has been declared by com
petent authority to be the^model city char
ter of this country. The new charter is a
model of simplicity. The duties of each
department are cleverly and explicitly set
forth. I have not read one single criticism
of the financial system as laid down in
this new charter. The Mayor, under the
new charter, will not have one tithe of the
power that the political boss has now.
"It is not the powers of the Mayor that
the polkicans are afraid of. The Mayor,
under the new charter, will be found in
his office in the day time in the new City
Hall and not in the back room of a dive
reached by a private door in the night
time. The Mayor will have the power to
remove officials for wrong-doing and the
charter requires him to bring legai pro
ceedings against all parties "who do not
perform their contracts and to cause
franchises to be void the terms of which
are not lived up to.
"I have for thirty years," he went on,
"done what I could to secure the adoption
of civil service in our political system
and when I found I was to take a part in
framing a new charter I firmly resolved
that it should speak in no uncertain
Bound in regard to civil service."
The speaker then read extracts from the
civil service section of the new charter,
and continuing said: "Under civil service
and the new charter you will have a clean
City government. There are a few good
clerks in the service of the City, but the
most of them are political heelers and
ward strikers, who spend their nights in
saloons. Those who do not have business
with the City can have little knowledge of
the?e things. Under tbe new charter you
will have a city government run on busi
ness principles,"
"The public utilities of water and gas,
streetcars and electric lights should be
long to the people. Great fortunes have
been made by private individuals and cor
porations out of these privileges. The new
charter gives the City power to own and
operate these facilities if the people at any
election decide by their votes that they
want them. The new charter embodies
the two great principles of home rule and
civil service," he said in conclusion.
Colonel H. H. Hecht was down for an
address on the Fire Department. He
broadened the scope of the subject. He
laid: I
"I am satisfied that at the time this
charter was framed it would have fieen
passed by the people. The people of San
Francisco are extremely forgetful. It
takes a majority of all the votes cast at
the election to carry the new charter.
For instance, if there are 70,000 voters
registered 35,000 votes at tbe election will
not carry the new charter. Under the
new charter every department has' charge
of its own funds and is responsible for
them."
The speaker showed that in St. Paul,
which he said is one or the best governed
cities in the United States, the Mayor ap
points the heads of ail departments, and
inquired, "How do you like that ior an
autocrat?''
"Take the Fire Department out of poli
tics, and there is not a fireman in the City
who is not in favor of that and the new
charter. There is no better Chief and de
partment in the country than we have to
day. Under this plan the Chief will,
no doubt, give you the best Fire Depart
ment in the United States. The new
charter gives a pension at 60 years of
half the amount of the salary an officer
drew the year previous if he needs
it. If you don't pass this charter it will
probably, be six or eight years before you
will eet sven a chance to pass one."
E. A. Bergerot said the public school
teachers of San Francisco objected to the
new charter under the impression that
they would have to undergo civil service
examinations. This impression is erro
neous, he said, as the teachers are not
required to pass such examinations.
The new charter also states that the
present police and fire departments shall
constitute the police and lire departments
of the City.
Colonel Smiley expressed the thought
that the new charter ougut to require cer
tain qualifications for eligibility to ap
pointment us a member of the Board of
Public Works. Colonel Smiley objected to
giving so much power to the Mayor.
Colonel Hecht stated: "There is a gen
tleman in this room who has been spoken
of as a candidate for Mayor, and I would
not be afraid to trust him with every cent
of my money or the people's money."
After this energetic expression there was
prolouged applause. Colonel Hecht gave
no intimation as to whom he referred.
In the course of a further explanation
Colonel Smiley stated tbat he did not see
the necessity of a new charter if the pres
ent laws were enforced and the Southern
Pacific, among other people, made to toe
the mark.
A voice in the rear oi the hall shonted:
"Mr. Smiley is arguing in our favor. That
is just tne reason we want a new char
ter."
All the various organizations in the
City, numbering in all 567, will be invited
to join the Charter Association.
The following new members were elected :
C. E. Grunsky, 3006 Clay street, California
Association of Civil Engineers; Otto yon
Geldren, 1513 Vallejo street, California
Association of Civil Engineers; H. R. Fee
2253 Market street, Golden Gate Wheel
men; Charleß G. Nagle, 632 Market street,
Golden Gate Wheelmen; Joseph W. Ma
guire, 1218 Howard street, Liberty Cycling
Club; F. C. Bonton, Liberty" Cycling
Club; J. S. Hntchinson- 1910 Howard
street, Men's League; W. H. Hyde
Jr., 1837 Mission street, Men's League;
Alex McDonald, 104 California street, San
Francisco Commercial Salesmen's Union;
A. Redecker and J. Ha'pisch, German
Krieger Verein; O. P. Waldeu and C. J.
Deseda, American Railway Union.
The first big mass-meeting of the asso
ciation will be held in Metropolitan Tem
ple, September 4.
The next regular meeting of the associa
tion will be held in connection with the
Merchants' Association in the Academy of
Science Hall, September 10,
Every Native Son will want the Wasp's
great special number, out Saturday. The past
and present of Ban Francisco is shown in sixty
pages of rare and beautiful engravings. Price
26 cents. *
The Japanese religion demands that a
man must "worship on the soil" every
day. Princes and rich men evade this by
sprinkling a little dirt in one corner of a
room — sometimes on a suuare of cement
made for the purpose.
THEY WILL FIGHT
THE AMENDMENT
No. i, Article Thirteen, Is
the Objectionable
Clause.
FAVORS THE CAPITALIST
Associated Improvement Clubs
to Wage War Against
Its Adoption.
SECRETARY SCHWARTZ'S VIEWS
Declares That It Favors the Money-
Lender and Double-Taxes the
Borrower.
Before the Associated Improvement
Clubs, which convene in regular monthly
session next Tuesday night, a resolution
will be introduced pledging the united
members to vote and work against the
adoption of amendment No. 1, article 13,
of the State constitution. If the measure
is passed, and those who have the matter
in hand have no doubt of this, an earnest
and systematic crusade will be instituted
against the proposed change in the State
law.
It is contended by the opponents of the
measure that the amendment, as it now
reads, places a double burden on the bor
rower, because it requires him to pay not
only the interest on the mortgage, but all
the taxes on the property. Under the
present law the holder of the mortgage is
compelled to pay the taxes to the amount
of his claim, leaving the owner responsible
only for the difference between that sum
and the assessed valu* of the property.
The amendment to article 13 reads:
Section 1. All property in the State not ex
empt under the laws of the United States or
this constitution shall be taxed in proportion
to its value, to be ascertained as provided by
law. The word "property," as used in this ar
ticle and section, is hereby declared to include
moneys, credits, bonds, stocks, dues, fran
chises and all other matters and things, real,
personal and mixed, capable of private owner
ship; provided, that property used for free
public libraries and free public museums,
growing crops, mortgages, trust deeds, prop
erty used exclusively for public schools, and
such as may belong to the United States, this
State, or to any county or municipal corpora
tion within this State, shall be exempt from
taxation. The Legislature may provide for a
reduction from credits of debts due bona-fide
residents of this State.
"I do not think that one man in fifty
understands the importance of this pro
posed amendment." said Secretary
Schwartz of the Associated Improve
ment Clubs yesterday. "The chance is so
slight — merely the insertion of three
words, namely, 'mortgages' and 'trust
deeds' — as to hardly be noticeable at the
first blush. Every man whose property is
mortgaged should vote against this
amendment, because it will force him to
pay all the taxes on his property, releas
ing the holder of the mortgage from any
liability, and thus add the tax to the inter
est he now ray?.
"Some days ago I addressed a communi
cation to Assessor Siebe, asking for cer
tain information concerning real estate
and the number and amount of outstand
ing mortgages. Tne questions and replies
to the same are as follows:
What is the total assessed valuation of the
reel property of this City? Real estate $186,
--827.380, improvements $88,506,915; total
$275,334,295.
What is the amount of mortgages held
against this property? $50,928,692.
How many different individual parcel* does
the real property of this City consist oi? About
95,000.
How many of these parcels are mortgaged?
27,00 1).
"It will be seen from the above," con
tinued Mr. Schwartz, "that over one
fourth of the real estate of San Francisco
is mortgaged. Naturally the moneyed
men and bankers will work solidly for the
proposed amendment, for it is money in
their pockets. The borrowers are the real
sufferers, and I ara sure they do not ap
preciate' the gravity of the situation.
Banks, of course, would not be particu
larly interested in reducing taxes, us they
would not be affected.
"There is another end to be considered
also, though I do not mean to say that
such a course would be followed by all.
The proposed amendment, as I view ir, is
nothine short of a tacit encouragement to
capitalists not to invest, except in the
way of loans. In other words it offers a
premium to keep money out of business.
On the other hand the money-lender has
a certain risk to run. It is possible to
'cinch' a mortgagor by assigning the mort
gage to a resident of another State, thus
preventing reduction from credits of debts
due bona-fide residents of this State.
''I am satisfied the Associated Improve
ments Clubs will oppose the amendment
as soon as they fully understand the
danger. Every borrower, not only here
but throughout the State, is directly inter
ested. The measure means practically a
double taxation for them, and I am sure
they will not submit to it when there is a
chance to kill it through the medium oi
the ballot-box."
A Nice Point of Law.
A nice point of law came up at the
North London Police Court recently.
The question was whether a marriage
could be legal if the woman had given a
wrong name. The lady wno asked the
question on behalf of her son was very
astonished at being told that such a mar
riage was perfectly legal. "How could
it be legal," she asked, '"when he didn't
know whom he was marrying?" But
there was no hope for this rash young
man, and we quite agree with the magis
trate that it certainly was his own fault if
he did not trouble to find out more about
his wife. After all a man does not pre
sumably marry his wife because her nam«
is Jones or Smith. And aithougn names
tell tales the only thing for this rash hus
band to do is to remember the old line:
"Arose by any other name." — Westmin
ster Gazette.
NEW TO-DAY/
o/»^— S«S BORDER'S ' t
|^^^^^^ PEERLESS < >
1 lUntZT^i „ BRAND •
I «T3^Sfl?l Evaporated I
j| p^Evnpofi^ I Equaled by None. < ►
♦ l «-s|j£Kga*rt' /! j ; - PREPARED BY •,'■■. \\
• a i^s^zsszeis^&r New York Condensed J%
•♦•♦•♦•»•♦»»»•»•»•♦•♦•♦$
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
UNIVERSITY Of CALIFORNIA.
THE REGULAR COURSE OF LECTURES
' t Aj will begin TUESDAY,' September Ist. at 9
a. m., at ttie College Building, Stockton street, near
Chestnut, Ban Francisco. ■ : ■-• > ;
■11. A. McLEA.V, M.D., Dean.
805 Kearny street, corner Bush, Sun ifranciicoSOCIETY FROST
AT DEL MONTE,
How the Cold Wave Affects
the Burlingame
Set.
COUNTRY CLUB BLAMED
Society Punished for Past Neg
lect of the Pigeon-
Shooters.
UPPER CLASSES ABE THIHKING
Failure of the Meet Ascribed to
Bid Management From
"B ing'nm>"
\
Society is perturbed. Theusu.il com
placent calm which is the class distinc
tion is conspicuous by reason of its ab
sence. The elect are wondering why it is
that the Burlingame-Del Monte meet is
not a success.
.-^ad thoueli it be to acknowledge the
fact the auccessors of the Country Club
are tending toward that slippery path
that spells "failure." Unhappy word
that. Society snuddeis and asks why?
Numerous theories have been advanced as
to tne cause of the glacial reception of
Burlir.game's first effort. The Country
Club has held aloof and Del Monte is
dreary.
The story of the early frost is thus told
by one whose fortunes are cast with the
Country Club.
"I do not understand that there is any
coolness existing between the Burlingame
Club and the Country Club. It istrne
ihat the present meeiing at Monterey is
r. t a success, but the failure to get an
:ijC* of admiring spectators and par
ticipants is due to bad management.
Wain bright does not understand how to
mat:i:« a paper chase. He should have
placed :h is event in the hands of Arcbi
baid.
"The San Rafael people know what
Archibald can do, and if he haa been se
lected they would nave gone to Del Monte.
The fact 'is that the Burlingame repre
sentatives ere not clever enough to gain
r'.ccess. Tha members of the Country
Club are not staying away from Del Monte
because of feeling toward the Burlingame
Ciub, but because theie is nothing to at
tract them there."
A well-known society man, whose loy
alty to the Bnrlingam* set cannot De ques
tioned, gives mis explanation of the cold
wave:
'Years ago the Country Club people had
it all toere^wn way at De. 1 Monte." They
took their guns along sod shot live
pigeons to tne deiieht of the ladies, and
so eained ereat applause.
•Two years ago they invited the Bur
lingame Club to join them. Weil, the
Buriingame members went down and put
up a beautiful entertainment in polo and
racing. The members of the Country
Cub were off in the field shooting pigeons,
but society didn't go near them. Nobody ]
cared for pigeon -shooting cr pigeon-shoot
ers when the horses were in sight. Every
one wanted to see tne beautiful turnout
and the fine racing presented by Bur
lingame. Next year there was a repe
tition. The Country Club pigeon-shooters
were more nejlect'd than ever, and the
attractions which Burlingame presented
cauzht the admiration of all visitors.
"Now tiie Country Club stays away.
Society has had enough of pigeon shoots.
The displeasure which the Country Club
is now manifesting will not hart Barlin
game in the end."
Wnatever may ber the true explanation
of the trouble it is obvious that many of
the leaders in society, who were once only
too clad to join the thron? at Del Monte,
are at home complacently reading the
meteorological reports from Monterey and
wonderin? il any of the buds of Buriin
game will be nipped by ths early frost.
DEL MOMt: It EL ATS.
Even the Hares and the Polo Ponies
Were Alow.
DEL MONTE, Cal., Aug. 27.— 8y far
the greater number of the guests at Del
Monte were indoors to-day looking terri
bly bored, retailing yarns and wishing in
expressibly that they bad not come. In
deed the moon was the only thing that
was briiliant, except perhaps some of the
ladies' toilets. No one seemed to feel any
enthusiasm at all over the meet.
Even the fine specimens of horseflesh to
be seen at the racetrack to-day failed to
arouse more than momentary interest.
The races were to have commenced
promptly at 2 o'clock, but society is always
late and it was after 3 before the first event
was decided, for the good reason that there
was no one present to witness the race be
fore that time. C. A. Baldwin was the first
to arrive with his coach, drawn by his fav
orite team, three black's and an iron gray.
Hobart's coach was next with Walter 8.
Hobart at the whip. After Hobart came
many other traps and drags.
Lew C. White started the events and did
excellent work. There were five races pro
grammed but in the morning the third
wa; declared off. At the last minute, how
ever, Hobart came to the rescue and bad
a substitute made up.
The first event of the day was a quarter
mile dash for qualified polo ponies not to
exceed fourteen hands two inches, gentle
men riders. There were six' entries, but
Peter D. Martin's Lady Gray and J. Law
son's Milkmaid were scratched. A. F.
Wainwright rode Major. R. M.,Tobin rode
Li Hung Chang and Walter S. Hobart and
James Swinnerton rode Hobart 1 s Lady
Greensleeves and Brandy. Of course Ho
bait won, with Swinnerton a close second.
A long delay followed. Finally the sec
ond race was started. There were several
San Francisco horses in this race and the
betting was rather brisk. Nine horses
started. Charlie Boots took the lead from
the start and beld it to the finish.
Cetch'em was strong in the last furlong
and secured the place. Time, 1:19, which
was very good considering the condition
of the track. t . ; ,
The third was a substitute event for gen
tlemen riders. R. M. Tobin, W.S. Hobart.
J. Tobtn, A. F. Wainwright and James
Swinnerton bad the mounts. Hobart won
easily with Hayseed, R. M. Tobin on Alla
din was second, with J. Tobin on Peanuts
a close third. -■- ..""■ .*_ : ' : .
The fourth race was at a mile with six
entries. It was very close and ended in a
whipping finish, with Tuxedo in the lead.
Time, 1:47., H::':'t '
The fifth and last was a two-mile steeple
chase, in which four horses started.' There
was a good deal of applause from the audi- j
ence as T. Tobin rode past on Morgan G.
He was not in the race, at the finish, how
ever, for Jim Corbet 1 won easily. All the
horses took the hurdles nicely and with
out an accident.
The hotel is filling up more rapidly now,
and by Saturday there may sbe somebody ;
nere to witness the t final day's festivities.
Among the arrivals for to-day are: Lord
Budely, London: Arthur L. Pearke, Joseph
P. Bedding, New Yor_; B.C. Halladay,
Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Donohoe
and Captain A. R. Payson, San Francisco;
Leon Westheim, Mr", and Mrs. F. W.
Humphrey, Adelle Humphrey, F. H.
Humphrey, Brighton Humphrey, Oliver
Tobin, James 8. Tobin, Colonel Barton
Brown, Christian Frolich, P. McG. Me-
Bean, H. W. Brendon. Dr. and Mrs. Bash
ford Dean, Miss C. Moore, Miss Florence
Green, Mr. and Mrs. A. Gundelfinger,
Sidney Ehrman, Miss N. J. Milton.
CAMPEIi AT JiURTO\'S MOVSI*.
Los Angeles and Pasadena Militiamen
on a Summer Outing.
SANTA. BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 27.—
party of jolly young military men, . com
prising members of companies F and A,
National Guard of California, from Los An
geles, and a few from Company lof Pasa
dena, is camping at Burtons Mound and
being entertain by Santa Barbara at
large. Colonel W. O. Welch and Captain
Reynolds are the officers in charge of the
campers; they will be further re-enforced
by the arrival of Colonel J. B. Berry and
Lieutenants Austin and M usselman on
Friday evening. -
The "young men are spending most of
their time in recreation, but drill morn
ing and afternoon. To-nieht they par
aded upon the naval reserve grounds, op
posite Grand Army HalL On Friday
nisht the young men of the naval reserve
will tender a complimentary concert and
ball to the visitors at the Arlington, the
invitations to which will be select and
limited.
. _ — _ _ «
SAN BERNARDINO ENTERPRISE.
A. Thief Opens a Store Stocked With
Pilfered Goods.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Au?. 27.—
One of the boldest and yet most foolhardy
cases of wholesale robbery was unearthed
to-day by the peace officers of this city.
For many months C.W.Mettler, a hardware
merchant, had been missing various and
divers articles from his store. In his employ
was Frank "West, a young man having a
The Palatial Home of "W. Frank Whittier, Now Being Completed on the Corner of Jackson and
Laguna Streets. «It Will Be Opened Next October on the Occasion of Miss Whittier's
Marriage With a New York Millionaire*
wife and three children. When ques
tioned by Mettler about the missing goods
West always declared that they had been
sold and the money put into the drawer.
The proprietor was loth to believe that his
clerk was dishonest, and let the matter
pass.
West recently returned from a vacation
and was informed that his services were
no longer required. He then rented a
storeroom on D street, and proposed to
open a hardware-store in his own name.
This fact excited suspicion, and a search
warrant revealed the fact that his stoc^
would nave consisted of the goods stolen
from Mettler. They were found in a
locked room in West's house. There were
k/gs of nails, coila of rope, oil stoves,
plains, saws, hammers and hundreds of
other articles and small trinkets. West
was prommly arrested. The goods stolen
invoiced $450 65.
Escaped Convict Caught at Tucson.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Aug. 27.— William
Mead, under sentence of three years for
grand larceny, who escaped from Detect
ive Ellsworth on the steamer Corona at
Newport ten days ago, while en route to
San Quentin. was captured yesterday at
Tucson by City Marshal Paul. Deputy
Sheriff Fred Jennings left to-day to take
the prisoner to San Quentiu. Mead is a
desperate man, and has escaped from the
Lcs Angeles officers four times.
A BOY'S HORRIBLE DEATH
Crushed Beneath the Wheels of a
Heavy Wagon on Berry
Street
John Staples, an Eight-Year-Old Lad,
Killed by an Unknown Truck
man.
At 5:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
body of John Staples, an eight-year-old
boy, residing at 934 Bryant street, was
found lying in the middle of Berry street,
between Sixth and Seventh. The skull
was crushed and the neck broken.
The bead and neck were buried in the
sand beneath the wagon wheel. It is sap
posed that the boy was killed by being
run over by a truck. The place where tne
body was found is about 100 ieet west of
the hay barn of Scott & McCord. The
path 01 the wagon wbeel led up to the
door of this barn.
Patrick Rooney, a teamster in the em
ploy of ticott & McCord, said he drove his
truck along Berry street shortly after 5
o'clock past the place where yoang
Staples' body vras found. He unhitched
his horses at the barn, he said, and drove
his horses back along Berry street. At
that time, he said, he did not see the boy's
body.
Frank Scott of Scott & McCord say« that
at about 5:30 o'clock he sent a teamster to
the yard of J. W. Schonten for a load of
lumber. The teams'er, says Scott, was
not able to secuie the lumber there and
was sent to another yard.
In going to this yard, Scott said, the
teamster had to drive along Berry street
past the place where the body was found.
It is supposed, in the light of Rooney's
statement that lie did not see the body and
that the other teamster, whose identity is
at rresent unknown, might have ran over
the Dorfy.
The police of the Southern District are
investigating the case, but have not yet
discovered who ran over the boy, if in
truth he was run over, as the position and
condition of the body would seem to indi
cate.
Young Staples' body was removed to the
Morgue by Deputy Coroner O'Brien.
/Vigilance Committee Executions.-— All the
great tragedies \ of ; early ; days depicted . faith
fully in the Wasp's pictorial history of San
Francisco, Out Saturday, Trice 25 cents, - • ,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
A PALATIAL HOME
ABOUT FINISHED
To Be Opened for the Wed
ding of the Daughter
of the House.
THE WHITTIER MANSION
It Will Be One of the Handsomest
Residences in the State of
California.
EVERYTHING IS HOME-MADE.
The Only Foreign Material Used Is
the Glass That Came From
Belgium.
One of the handsomest residences that
has been erected in California in many a
day is now being completad at the corner
of Jackson and Laguna streets. In all
over $150,000 will be spent on the house
and lot alone, and the furnishing will be
on a similar rcale. Architect Edward R.
' Swain has been at particular pains to see
that an artistic job was done, and he has
I susceeded.
Tne new building is for W. Frank Whit
' tier, and the grand opening will be in Oc
| tober on the occasion of his daughter's
: marriage with A. Baird, the New York
j millionaire. In the meantime pictures
; and silverware are arriving from the East
j and are storer. in the vaults and burglar-
I proof safes in readiness for the house
j warming.
I Mr. Whittiar's new home will be mod- j
I crn in every respect and nothing that \
! money con buy will be lacking in its !
i equipment. Nearly everything used in its
construction is California material, and I
everything has been done by California I
I labor.
"Chris" Chisholm, the contractor, has \
\ more than given satisfaction and others i
engaged on the building have done equally !
as well. The only exception made in the j
j building material was in the stone for the
steps and the flag for the porch. Mr.
Whittier is a Maine man and he wants to i
set his foot on something from that State j
: as soon as he enters his own gate. In con
' sequence he sent East for a flag ten by ,
j eighteen and a number of smaller stones.
The big one has been polished and forms
the flooring for the porch, while the j
smaller on«a pave the way from the gate
to the door.
The window glass is also imported. It •
I came from Belgium and experts say It is |
I the finest that baa ever come to California, j
The fittings of the entire house will be {
sumptuous. The guest chamoer and all
the principal rooms on the main floor will
COMMANDER R. L. CLEMENT.
Dr. R. L. Clement has been elected commander of the Drill Corps of tbe Young
Men's Republican League of this City. The new commander 13 thoroughly compe
tent to Hold the position to which ne has been elected, as he was formerly the chief
petty officer of old Company D of the Naval Reserve. He proposes to put the
young men of the league through a thorough course of military tactic 3 and make it
one of the best drilled corps in tbis section of the State.
be tapestried with paintings on silk done
by local artists. The reception-room is all
done in gold and tne precious metal used
in decorating it would make a good year's
pay for an artisan. Mibs Whittier's suite
of rooms is the most pleasantly situated in
the house.
The rooms are furnished in birdseye
maple and wilt be made fitting ia every
way for the bride. Master Whittier's
rooms are on the top floor, and like his
father and sister he nas a reception-room
in wnich he will be able to entertain his
boy friends. v
The billiard and smoking rooms are all
on the top story and an elevator connects
directly with them. From both of them
a magnificent view of the bay and Golden
Gate can be obtained. The ventilation
throughout is as near perfect as possible.
Electric lights are in every room and
closet, and in the latter the lights are lit
and put out by the opening and closing of
the doors.
The dining-room is all finished in to
mano wood, which gives a light and very
handsome appearance to the apartment.
Perhaps the handsomest piece of work in
the entire building is the door to the
main entrance. It is beautifully carved,
and cost $300 for the carving alone.
Mr. Whittier is very fond of dogs, and
he has not forgotten his pets in the build
ing of his home. Their quarters are m
the rear of the house and each dog has a
seperate stall. There ia a sick ward and
all the appliances necessary in the care of
canines.
Chris Chisholm, who looked after all
the carpentering work and the interior
fittings, ha.* reason to be proud of his la
bors. Besides Whittier's mansion he has
superintended the building of the houses
of Leon Sloss, Van Ness avenue; E. R.
LUienthal, Van Ness avenue; I. W. Hell
man, president of the Nevada Bank
corner of Franklin and Sacramento streets ;
Mrs. H. Zeile, 1801 California; Fred
Crocker and E. W, Hopkins, on the op
posite corners of Laguna and California,
besides the large additions to the Hotel
Rafael and the Dominican Convent at San
Rafael.
HE SUPPORTED HER.
Vetta Abraham* Sues the Kdison Com-
pany for Causing: the Death of
Maurice Holtzman.
Yetta Abrahams brought suit yesterday
against the Edison Light and Power Com
pany and the Pacific Electric Motor Com
pany, claiming $103,000 damages for the
deatn of the boy Maurice Holtzman. killed
by contact with a live wire iv the rooms
of G. Speier, 77 ana 78 Donohoe building,
July 31 last. The complaint states that
the boy contributed to the plaintiff's sup
port and was in good health; that the
cause of his death was wholly the fault of
the defendant, in the careless manner in
which the wires were placed.
— — •
Burglars Booked.
Charles Walter, the "lone Kid," Fred Winn
and Albert Voisnet were booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detective Graham and
Policeman Jerry Dlnan for bnrgiary. Walker,
it is charged, on July 9 broie into the room
oi Andrew Dengars, 50Ji Third street, and
stole a gold watch, which nas been recovered.
V. inn and Voisnet are accused of Healing a
suit of clothes from 11 Eddy street.
To Mortgage the Church.
Judge Slack yesterday granted the applica
tion of the trustees of the First Congregational
Church— lately Dr. Brown's— for leave to mort
gage the property. The trustees wish to raise
$10,000 to pay a debt of $6500 and to meet ex
penses of the next year. No opposition was
made to the petition.
WILL SPEAK IN
BLACK LETTERS,
Socialists to Hold a Silence
Meeting in the
Streets.
SPEECHES ON BANNERS.
Tney Will Be Hoisted in the
Air for the Crowd to
Read.
STEICTLY WITHIN THE LAW.
Any Oae Who Gives Utterance to a
Word Will Be Turned Over to
the Police.
The Socialist Labor party certainly has
the very latest idea in politics.
It is fresh in the memory of all that at
the last socialist meeting held at the cor
ner of Seventh and Market streets the
speakers were interrupted in the progress
of their speeches, and that the orator who
had the platform was arrested for disturb
ing the peace. No sooner was he taken
down and placed in custody than another
socialist mounted the steps and began to
fling bis oratory to the assembled masses.
Hardly had he begun than he was taken
down by the officers and placed in custody.
Another sprang up the steps and was in
turn arreeted, until seven were in enstody
charged with disturbing the peace.
Their cases came up this week and tney
were convicted and fined $5 apiece. The
prosecution, however, aid not claim that
they disturbed the peace by holding a
meeting, but simply that their oratory
was the objectionable part. Of course
they took exceptions to this ruling ana
their cases wiil be brought up before the
higher courts. This, however, will take
some time, and in the meantime what
would become of their meetings which are
held every Saturday evening?
After much thinking and arguing some
inventive genius Hit upon a pian which
was immediately adopted. They will hold
silence meetings. As it is against the law
to speak, they will not speak, but the
meetings will be held.
' They will assemble next Saturday even
ing at the corner of Sleuth and Market
streets, and each man wili there be pro
vided with a bundle of pampnlets expres
sing their ideas, which tney wiil distribute
through the crowd. Then they have 100
large banners, on eacn of which will be
painted part of a speech. Tnese will be
hoisted uigh into the air, one at a time,
and after tae contents of each has been
read it will be taken down and the con
tinuation of the speech will be hoisted on
another banner. This in turn will be
taken down aud another hoisted until the
speech is finished. Then another speech
will be given to the audience until the
meeting is completed.
Furthermore, each socialist will be pre
sented with a blank pad of paper, and
when they wish to converse among them
selves, they will write their conversation
on their respective pads, and these will be
handed around until their purpose has
been accomplished. Not a word wiil be
spoken. Their emblem will be to hold the
nngers to the mouth and utter a subdued
"Hush," or a knowing "Hist, 1 but not a
word will be spoken.
In order to enforce silence, a committee
of five have been appointed who will hana
over to the police any man of their num
ber who utters a word. It is further in
tended that the meeting shall not block
the sidewalks, and in order to accomplish
this, the banners will be hoisted further
down the street each succeeding time, so
that the crowd wili be obliged to move
gradually down toward Mission street, and
the sidewalks will thus be clear.
These ideas and regulations being
adopted, a call has been made for all
socialists and members of the Socialist
Labor party to meet on Saturday evening
in front of the OJd Fellows building on
the corner of Seventh and Market streets,
and the first ailence meeting in tne history
of this City or probably of any city, wili
then be held.
IS A GREAT FORECASTER
Arrival of Clement L. Wragge,
Who Has Charge of All
Australasia.
He Says He Will Soon Predict the
Kinds of Seasons — Antarctic
Mysteries.
Clement L. "Wragge, Government Meteor
ologist of Queensland and director of the
chief weather bureau of -, Brisbane, Aus
tralia, is at the Palace. He is en route to
Paris to attend - the International Meteor
ological Congress, which meets : there on
September 15.
While on his way ho will visit many of
the weather bureaus of the United States.
He spent a good deal of ' time yesterday, at
the weather bureau here, and was greatly
interested in = what 1 ne was told concern
ink: it. •■••' . -.--■ "V ■"*'.' V-3BBJPI
C Mr. Wragge is a meteorologist of world
wide fame. He /established .-•; the hydro- .
graphic station on the . lofty Ben'Nevin, in
Scotland, and bad charge of it a number of
years. .In Australia he has '"made": great
triumphs in his particular line. From his
office in Brisbane he receives daily weather
reports from Manilla, Hong-koiig, Singa
pore, Batavia and all Australia, including
Tasmania, New Zealand and New Cale
donia. ■ .""..■ -■• :■■■ '■■■■■''■ ■: . \ ■■'.'■•-.: .
The Queensland Government is. receiv
ing, he says, a vast amount of, informa
tion pertaining to the agriculture, pastoral
aud shipping interests. It organized a spe
cial meteorological. department first in
1857, : Mr. Wragge then taking charge of it.
"~, He has been preparing isobaric maps for
the whole Tegion*- between 40 deg.' north
latitude and 55 deg. south i latitude, and
between 30 deg. ; east longitude and ' 130
deg. west longitude.
News is ': received by post ; from many
places not reached by telegraph. ':■. Informa
tion tis ; furnished ito those interested ' in
shipping, based on the principles emanat
ing from Washington and England. He
says there is a splendid* service, and tbat
information in reference to monsoons and
great storms of various kinds is furnished
from one to' sixteen! days ahead of their
arrival. "■"./'■ '■'.• ;' : '-^:C ■•*'■■>■ ":-\i. .'■•"■- ■-'.--'
"We r ore ; now, said \ he, "inaugurating
plans so that we may forecast : the seasons
with a good degree of accuracy, vWe are
looking to exploring into the mysteries of ;
the Antarctic, ■* which, by ? the way, j is f a
great held for hydrographic investigation.
"Our purpose is to extend our researches
to Samoa, Tonga, Tahiti and i the various
outlying islands of the Pacific."
-; ■j" , ;/. ; ■;■ ■ '_[''"""•"'• ",""* t '
• One firm alone of f London 'drapers sells
12.250,000 pairs of gloves per annum. ; r
!
Is the light that will brine "-" great -. big \
glow of happiness to you. By it you will I
see how strong and vigorous your now i
weak Dody can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This :
wonderful discovery was made by the spe- I
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. Yon can "get it from nowhere but
! from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
. HUDYAN is purely vegetable. , l
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures ; LOST (
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall- i
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the i
eyes and other part?. Strengthens, invig- :
orates and tones the entire system. It is' |
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak !
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day |
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri- I
vate indorsements. -
Prematureness means imootency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem»
cdv. Send for circulars and testimonials. .
"Tainted blood— lmpure blood, due to seri-
Ooa private disorders, carries myriads of sore-
producing germs. Taen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falling na!r. You can save a trip to Hoc sprints
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
80-day circulars. -3<a_&asas£fcaaMM_oaa_l H
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAN' FRANCISCO. CAL.
_/l t% '_7^^^H_l_B9_S___^_S^-_r
IE THB VEST BEST ONE TO E3LAIS.V3&
X Tooz eyes and fit tnem to spectacles and £y*.
llauea with lnstruatnu of ait own inveoUox
Wtioa—nperiOTity haa hoc been equated. tlf «4*«
- Wuhii been doe to the menu u>~ mjf **«*, l-
i/lhcft Hems— i- to 4 r. v. -_■...- /
TREATMENT
■___—■■—■————— _——— —————— _—■■—________■____^_ ■ ■ ■ ■ ————■■ . , .
THAT CURES.
If you are sick and want to get well ; if you long to
feel like your natural self again; if you desire to be a strong,
vigorous, robust man or a healthy, attractive, beautiful woman,
you must take the kind of treatment that cures. &§•«
Do not hazard your precious health and waste your hard-
earned money on worthless belts and so-called "Restoratives"
and "Invigorators" and "Vitalizes." You have tried them and
been disappointed.
When you want treatment get the best. Go to one whose
knowledge, experience and great- skill enable him to cure all
curable cases.
Dr. Cook, the greatest of modern specialists, corrects the
errors of youth and removes their evil effects from men of all
•_ . -^r^y- ages — frees them forever from
/^^i&l&f^ the miseries of Lost or Failing
MKjtf^jr^ \. ' Manhood, Impotency, Vital
j&y£jgp \ Drains, "Weakening Dreams,
wki? ~ j^Ja____*k Sleeplessness, Nervousness,Pim-
'&*ss. '^^^^^^y pies, Bashfulness, Despondency,
titel^''- T^ rV \ 1 Stupidity, Loss of Ambition and
ilk^'vJ .wSmJt similar symptoms. He also
TwlsMwßviR 5 cures Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stric-
x Ky^Sf ture, Syphilis, Varicocele,Hydro-
_#^N^^^B^ C ele and all other signs of physi-
j4K&s± \W~ |\. cal, mental and sexual debility
rlnm^mPr '^fa*>* - or decay ' Careful attention
;^M^^^^^^^M^^^-.g^^io'e eTjioTm of female
" ' complaint, and to ailments of
DOCTOR COOK. the Heart, Lungs, Liver, tom-
ach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary Organs of both sexes.
Piles, Fistula, Rupture and Chronic Catarrh a Specialty.
The worst cases desired — cases upon which other physicians
have experimented and failed. Quick and lasting cures guar-
anteed.
If you cannot call upon the doctor, write to him immediately
and before your case becomes incurable. His system of mail
treatment is perfect. His office hours are from 9to 12 A. M., 2
to 5 and 7to 8 P. M.; Sundays from 10 to 12 A. M. only.
Address
DOGTOR OOOK,
865 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
TBESCCCESS OF THE
11 LADIES' Gp 101 !
Otf (HE
PALACE HOTEL :
DIRECT ENTRANCE FRO? MARKBI St I
OPES UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
TROTH BEDS.'
-lj ■■r am brass BEDS.' ; "'.
<:.}'" /•■•; FOLDING BED? 1
'Wire and Hair Ma:- .
tresses, Recll n! n :
... Chairs, -Wheel <. Chair*
+ft 1 [ - Commodes, Baot Rej;i
II V_ faiffnf w * —21 — -
■■CSS. "*"* '■" '" .New Moutgomerr
* C? 1 ' "*" _J St., under <»ruuJ
w  - *^ Hotel, S. JF. :
wm ■ ■■ ■ n *■ laxative refreshlnj tm
I II l_i £1 X frnlt lozenge,
IHIHHn T«ry agreeable to take.
COKSTIPATIOH
_ __ _______ hemorrhoids, bile,.,
ill M I L I*l IOBS o! appetite, gastric an*
lEm j P 11 intestinal troubles and
111 — # ■ _■ ■■ headache arisias
' : , . from them. ?.-.■_.
Anil I fill E. GKILLON,
I« X 1 1 IM 33 Rue dcs Archives, Part*
11 11 1 La kill II : ■ Bold by all DiuttUta. ,
NOTARY PUBLIC. r
/-IHAXL.ES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT- . \
\j law and Notary Public 633 Market st, oppo
aiiePalAoaUoteL Telephone 570. ii«*ld»M* I***
itUu. aelephonei -Jfiaa" -531. „.: - ■;- ■■.-.-,-.•' '.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE I> AMI AN A BIXTJSiW, -k *
O great : Mexican Kemedj; (irw ; UMtU» **» t i
MltfiiU 10 UQ Sexual yr -aa*
JTEW TO-DAY.
•
Philadelphia
9 Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
; H STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
PLEASE THE LADIES
And yon have the best possible advertisement. It
is natural for ladies to be cautious in baying, bat
once their confidence is gained they spread your
fame and name. Now, our "ads" always attract
the attention of the ladles, for they well know that
those who read save money. This week we ar»
making a special drive of Lace Shoes for . ladles,
misses and children. .Last week we advertised
only the ladles' shoes, but we enjoyed such a large
trade that we added a complete line of Misses' and
- Children's Lace Shoes, with Vici kid vamps, black
cloth tops, pointed toes ana patent-leather tips
and spring heels, which we will sell as follows:
Chad's sizes, 8 to 10%...... .........51.35
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 ..........51. 75 ■
Ladies' Heel or Spring Heels 152.00
•■■-*.; ■■",..',•.:
SPECIAL SAKE of Solid Working Show
Men's i fall a stock Kip Brogans, with bellows
tongue and heavy double soles. Solid wearers,
guaranteed for service, reduced to Sl.^s.
S3" Country orders solicited.
AST Send for Sew Illustrated Caialoja*
Address ■
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Franclico.
HEALD'S
BUSINESS CC LEGE. 24 POST. ST., B AJJ
Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, English branches
ard everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly taught. Department of Electrical En-
gineering In operation. Individual Instruction, 20
teachers. Nignt sessions, ; students can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions.
Write for catalogue. ' '
MISS BOLTERS SCHOOL,
99Q7 SACRAMENTO ST.— BOARD, i ENS-
_«_>' I lish, perfect mastery of French and Ger-
man, thorough musical training, dancing; $30 per
month; new term July 27; coach. : .
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
OAI 4 VAN NESS A TWENTY-THIRD
£\J l'x yea r open* August 1-- Certificate ad-
mits 'to Va<sar, | Smith and | Welles ley . Colleges.
Mouse pupils limited 10 fourteen. Kindergarten
connected with the school. , -• .
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
T7IEENCH ; AND "ENGLISH : SCHOOL RE-
X moved ■ from 615 H&lghv I st, to 1 230 Halght ;
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre-
pared for college: term opens August 3.
R patents! a
>*Sr/22Q MARKET ST.S.fNS/^
910
CRUEL CONDUCT OF
SYDNEY MILLER,
Has His Old Mother Ar
rested for Disturbing
His Peace.
HER PATHETIC STORY.
Lavished All Her Money Upon
Him and Then Turned
Out of Doors.
THE CASE WAS DISMISSED.
Justice of the Peace Carroll De
nounces Miller for His Heart
less Action.
"Miller, you are about the worst
scoundrel it has been my misfortune to
know," said Justice of the Peace Carroll
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday morn
ing.
The remark was addressed to Sydney 8.
Miller, conductor No. 160 on the Haigbt
street cable- cars, who had his mother ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morn
ing on the charge of disturbing the peace.
The story as told by Mrs. Agnes War
burton, Miller's mother, is one of the
most unfilial ever heard in any court, and
has aroused universal sympathy for the
little woman.
"I belong to Perthshire, Scotland," she
said, "where I was married to Sydney's
father, who was an engineer on a steam
ship. He died when Sydney was 18
months old, and I was thrown upon my
own resources to provide a home for him
and me. I went to Edinburgh and started
a dressmaking and millinery store and
was successful in business. I managed to
give him a good education and provided
for him in every way.
"When he was 16 years old my health
failed me and I sailed with him for
Sydney, New Soutn NY ales. I did well
there, "and as Sydney displayed a taste for
art I fitted up a gallery for him at a cost
of £700. He met with a serious accident,
and for a long time was unable to do any
thing.
"We lived happily together, my only
ambition being to save money for my only
son, until to my surprise he one day told
nic he was married. He told me who his
wife was and, although I aid not like his
choice, I received her as a daughter and
did all I conld for them. I paid their pas
sage to the old country, as she had never
been there, and orovuled them with
fund?. I did not hear from them for some
time, and then he wrote me that his
money was gone and 1 sent him £50 to
bring them back.
"The next. I heard of them they were in
Texas, where their first child was born,
and then they came to San Francisco. I
had been sending them small sums of
money to help them along. I could not
send more, owing to the bad times in
Australia.
"Meantime I had married my present
husband, Mr. Warburton, an old gentle
man who was at one time very wealthy,
but he lost nearly all his property during
the financial crash.
"Things went on till Sydney wrote me
that he had got a position here and had a
good home for me and my husband. He
urged us to come to him, but as we could
.not both afford the expense my nusband
remained in Melbourne, where we had
taten up our residence, and I came on
here. My husband was to follow as soon
as he was able to settle up some business
matters.
"My son lives at 1716 Waller street, and
for the first week after I arrived last April
I was treated very kindly. Since then,
th tough the influence of his wife, my life
has been very miserable. She twitted me
with being a pauper, made me sleenin the
kitchen in a child's cot, and often I bad to
ko without my meals, although I was will
ing to cook them if she would let me.
"Last night she threw my baggage out
in the yard and made me get out. She
locked the doors and I wandered around
till my son got home, about 1 o'clock
this morning. 1 implored him to let me
in, but he told me to go and get a room
somewhere else. I told him I had only 27
cents in my pocket, but he went inside
and locked the door. I was afraid my
property would get spoiled by exposure to
the iog and 1 asked them to take it in, but
they wouldn't. Then I seized an ax and
threatened to break in the door unless
they took it in.
"He went out by the front door and got
a policeman, and he demanded that I
should be arrested for disturbing the
peace. The officer did not want to do it,
but my son insisted, and they got the
patrol wagon and took me to the prison.
"All I said to my son was, 'Sydney,
may (iod forgive you for this.'
Miller accompanied his mother in the
patrol wagon and preferred the charge
against her at the prison. He asked first
if it could be withdrawn, but Sergeant
Bid well to.'d him he had gone too far. He
turned to his mother, who was standing,
with reproachful, streaming eyes, and
blurted out, "I won't have you disturbing
the children," and walked away.
Sergeant Nash, who was on duty at the
Central police station, after hearing Mrs.
Warburton's story, communicated with
Dr. Fitzgibbon at the Receiving Hospital
and the old lady found shelter for the
night in a private ward In the hospital.
Mrs. Warburton appeared before Justice
Carroll yesterday morning. After hear
ing the evidence the Judge at once dis
missed the case and said to the complain
ing witness: "Miller, you are about the
worst scoundrel it has been my misfortune
to know. No one regrets more than Ido
that the law does not provide some severe
punishment for men like you. But it does
not, and your punishment must come
from the contempt of the community. I
late this occasion to tell you that I shall
make it a point to put the facts of rhe case
before your employers, for in my judg
ment you are not a fit person to De in the
employ of the company."
As Miller left the witness-stand he was
about to make a remark to the court, but
Policeman Behan hustled him out of the
courtroom, where he was joined by his
wife, who remarked sneeringly, "That's
justice."
Mrs. Warburton's case was brought to
the attention of Captain McFee of the
Salvation Army, and temporary shelter
was procured for her in the Sherman
House on Eighth street.
Later John M. Duncan, one of the com
mittee of relief of St. Andrew's Society,
saw hei and told her that her son had
offered to provide for her till the next
steamer sails for Australia, when he would
pay for her passage back. She would pre
fer to remain here, as the climate agrees
with her, but will have to accept her son's
proposition if he is able to cairyitout.
St. Andrew's Society will meantime at
tend to her immediate wants and get her
personal property restored to her.
FLORENTINES MURDER.
Preliminary Examination of Arthur
Jackson Concluded.
The preliminary examination of Arthur
Jackson, charged with the murder of
August Florentine, proprietor of a saloon
at Twenty-fourth and Railroad avenues,
was concluded before Judge Joachimsen
yesterday.
The defense made strenuous efforts to
show that Jackson acted in self-defense,
and William H. Tracy and Charles Lay
den, who were with Jackson at the time,
testified that Florentine pulled a pistol
first and aimed it at Jackson.
The Judge took the case under advise
ment for a week. He is undecided whether
to hold Jackson for murder or man
slaughter.
ARRESTED F R PARJURY.
Justice Carroll Takes Action Against
A. A. Cunningham.
A. A. Cunningham, ex-secretary of the
veterinary department of the State Uni
versity, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a warrant charging "nim with perjury.
He was released on $2000 bonds • accepted
by Judge Murphy.
The complaint was sworn to by Justice
of the Peace Carroll before Judge ; Jo
achim son yesterday morning. ; In the
complaint it is alleged that Cunningham,
in swearing in his affidavit : submitted to
Justice Carroll on Tuesday praying for a
change of venue in connection with the
hearing of the charge of misdemeanor em
bezzlement against him that the Justice
belonged to the same orders as the com
plaining witness, and that therefore he
could not get a fair trial, committed per
jury. . ' -■
CHOYNSKI'S BIG BICEPS,
Dr. Barrett Says That They
Are Simply Won
derful.
The Pugilist Is in Fine Condition.
Billy Smith Will Act as
Referee.
Joe Choynski, the favorite California
heavy - weight pugilist who will meet
Joe McAuliffe this evening at Wood
ward's Gardens Pavilion in a contest of
ten rounds, under the auspices of the
Occidental Club, was examined by Dr.
Barratt Wednesday afternoon.
When unassuming Joseph cast off his
habiliments, presenting to the view ex
traordinary muscular developments of the
chest and back, the physician opened his
eyes in astonishment, and said meekly
that he had never seen such a magnificent
chest and shoulders on a man of Choyn
ski's weight.
Joseph smiled as he glanced aronnd the
room at his friends and then holding his
right arm in an outstretched position he
asked the boys to feel his forearm, which
is as hard as steel and as brown as a berry,
from exposure to the sun. Around the
wrist of his left hand was a bandage which
the pugilist said he had to wear as it was
slightly under the weather, so to speak.
Some years ago, in far-away Australia,
Joseph injured the member on Joe God
dard's hard head, in one of those memor
able battles which the pugilistic fraternity
of this Citj well remember.
Dr. Barrett, after examining the muscles
of the fighter's back, which he said were
something extraordinary, pulled from a
drawer a steel tape with which he took
Choynski's measurements. The chest in
normal condition measured 39 inches; in
expansion 41 % inches; relax 3d 37 inches;
thigh 22 inches; calf 14 inches; forearm
12 inches; biceps, contracted, 13% inches;
waist 32 inches. The developments of the
fighter's left arm were slightly larger than
tnose of the right; length of "outstretched
arms from finger tips was 6 feet 4 inches.
As Choynski stands 6 feet in height, the
doctor was somewhat surprised at the
wonderful reach he possesses, stating that
with few exceptions the length in the
measurement of the arms of a man when
outstretched is about equal to his height,
but Choynski upsets that rule by four
inches in reach.
The doctor stated that Joe was in per
fect health, and that judging from the ex
traordinary muscular development of his
back he should deliver a powerful blow.
Choynski had very little to say regard
ing his match with big McAuliffe*.
"I will enter the ring weighing about
168 pounds," said Joe, "and I expect that
number of pounds will land me a winner,
alt!<ouph the handicap in weight would
make most of the fighters quail. Mc-
Auliffe will fight at about 228 pounds,
which will make a difference of sixty
pounds in our respective weights."
Young Mitchell, manager of the Occi
dental Club, states emphatically that
there will be a decision, and that a draw
will not be tolerated. McAuliffe's man
ager, Barney Farley, and Joe Choynski
met at 2 p. m. yesterday at Young
Mitchell's saloon to select a referee.
When the two Joes stood side by side
the difference in their general appearance
was very marked. McAuliffe looked a
giant beside his clever and able opponent,
who did not appear to be in the least bit
disconcerted. Professor. Farley, to whom
McAuliffe owes much indeed for the ex
cellent condition he is in at present,
smiled a broad and picturesque smile as
he feasted his eagle eyes en his favorite
protege.
Young Mitchell, who was an interested
personage, suggested that the pugilists
get to work and decide upon a referee.
Some names were mentioned, but Billy
Smith, the Australian heavy-weight,
seemed to be the choice of the two Joes,
and he was finally selected as the man
who will decide the contest of this even
ing. Choynski suggested that Blanchard's
fair play rules should govern all tights, be
cause they are superior in many respects
to all others.
"You see," said Joe, "the Blanch
ard rules state that a line must be drawn
in the center of the ring and that when a
pugilist is knocked down he must get up
inside of the ten seconds allowed and toe
the line, or scratch, as it is termed, before
his opponent can attack him. If he is
unable to toe the line as stated at the ex
piration of ten seconds the evidence that
he is a whipped man is conclusive. Many
pugilists are unnecessarily injured or crip
pled by a blow under the present rules
that govern fights, as they give the ag
gressor an opportunity of delivering a
dangerous blow to an opponent when the
latter rises from thy floor in a dazed or
stupid condition."
The pugilists agreed, however, not to
fight under the new iules, as they were
foreign to a number of people who will be
present this evening to witness the match.
THE FIGHTERS,
Choynski is a Kig Favorite In the Bet
ting Over McAuliffe.
Betting on the Choynski and McAuliffe
fight was tolerably spirited last evening in
Corbett's poolroom. Choynski money
was very plentiful and the odds ran from
$10 to $7 to ?10 tc $4 50 in favor of Choyn
ski. The change In the betting was a sur
prise to many of the sports, who could not
understand why McAuliffe should sell at
such small figures considering that he is
in such fine condition and this being his
last chance to establish v reputation. Pro
fessor Farley was of the opinion that, his
boy should command better support in the
betting, but he did not hesitate to say that
a number ol the sports who were betting
on Choynski will be given a big surprise
this evening before tbe end of the eighth
round.
Herget, Young Mitchell's brother, is a
favorite over "Spider" Kelly: the betting
is |10 to $7.
Case on the Monitor.
Rev. Dr. W. W. Case on Sunday night at the
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal Church
will take up the articles concerning him re
cently published in the Monitor.
The Volunteer Firemen.— Past and present
of the San Francisco Fire Department de
scribed in the Wasp's great special number of
•ixty pages of Pictures. Out Saturday. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
SENT HIS SALON
PICTURES HOME,
Artists Inspect the First
Fruits of Altmann's
Studies
AT THE ART INSTITUTE
A Californian of Twenty Two
Who Thought Only of
His Friends.
PRAISED ON TWO CONTINENTS
He Has Been Working for Over
Three Years at the Ecole dcs
Beaux Arts in Paris.
Local painters flocked to the Art Insti
tute yesterday to see a couple of canvases
which had been hung near tne window in
the big drawing-room. "I've come to see tbe
An Old Country Woman, Painted From an Italian Model.
Altmanns," said each artist as he entered,
and he was straightway conducted to the
room where the new pictures hung.
The Altmanns are the work of Araan
Altmann, a young man not 23 years of
age, who three years ago went from the
Art Institute to study in Paris.
They are sincere, unpretentious pictures
these Altmanns, free from after
sensational or hysterical effects, but they
are said to have been hung better than
any California pictures at the salon this
year, and not only the French press, but
the New York, Philadelphia and Chicago
papers have spoken of them in high terms,
while the Illustrated American has repro
duced the larger of the two canvases
among the works of the older and cele
brated American artists.
The pictures consist of a landscape and
a study of an old Italian peasant woman.
the latter having been exhibited under the
title "Une Vieille de !a Campagne." The
subject of Une Vieille is far from being in
trinsically beautiful, but the artist has in
vested his homely model with touching
pathos and expression. The thin care
worn old peasant woman is sitting in a
plain wooden chair, bending forward, with
her hands folded in the tired attitude of
Altmann's Landscape, Which Was Hung at the Salon.
one who is careworn and has known too
much liard work. The woman's black
hair is smoothed back under a plain white
cap, the severity of which accentuates the
sharpness of her features and tlie prema
ture age of her gaunt, patient face.
Theloose gray pown is severely plain,
the background is neutral-tinted, and
there i 3 absolutely nothing to distract
attention from the figure, which might be
called a study in patient poverty.
Quite another style ol work is the ef
fective little landscape which represents a
field ol grain ready for harvesting, with a
line of dark trees silhouetted against the
horizon.
A rather remarkable fact about the Alt
manu pictures is that the young painter
insisted on sending the first fruits of his
labors home. He is not rolling in riches,
but he scouted any suggestions to sell
them, saying that he wanted the friends
who had believed in him and helped him
when at the art school to see his first
salon pictures, and the very day the ex
hibition closed they were packed up and
dispatched to San Francisco. It was only
yesterriav that they were placed on view
While" in the art school Altmann
studied drawing under Carlsen and
Mathews ana color un ler Amadee Joullin.
His musters in Paris have been Jean Paul
Laurens, Benjamin Constant land J. L.
Gerome. A brilliant future is predicted in
Paris for ti e young San Franciscan, who
has found his way into the salon so young.
A PIGLON FLIGHT.
The Mechanics' Fair Directory Will
Give a Cup for the Bird
Contest.
The directors of the Mechanics' Institute
Fair will give a handsome cup for the best
pieeon flight from Gilroy to this City. The
contest will take place September 22, and
about 125 birds will be sent out. A com
mittee composed of H. B. Curzon, W. P.
Archibald, Mr. Welch and W. J. Bryan
were appointed to select the cup from
Hammersmith & Field, gold and silver
smiths.
On the day before the flight all the birds
will be exhibited at the Mechanics' Fair,
and after the contest they will also be
shown, with their records. All the details
of the affair will be under the direction of
the Pacific Coast Pieeon Society and the
California Homine Club.
THE GOOD TEMPLAR.
Second Session of the Fifth District
Lodge of This State.
The second annual session of the Fifth
District Lodte of the Independent Order
of Good Templars will be held in Pythian
Castle, Crusaders' Hall, 909 Market street,
to-morrow.
The Fifth District Lodge was organized
January 18, 1894, by Theodore D. Kanouse,
at that time grand chief templar of the
State of California, mainly for the pur
pose of lecture work, and comprises in its
membership the subordinate lodges in the
five counties, namely. San Francisco, Ala
iueda, Contra Costa, Solano and Sonoma.
Sessions are held every quarter and be
tween sessions all business is transacted
by the executive committee, which holds
its meeting the last Monday in every
month.
The executive committee is composed of
the executive officers only. The following
constitute the committee: Professor Wil
liam Crowhurst, P. D. T., Oakland; C. L.
Winchell, D. T., Vailejo; Mrs. G. H.
Moore, D. V. T., Fitchburg; £. Fin
tleman, D. C., Ban Francisco; Mrs. 8. W.
Kerrigan, D. S. j. W., San Francisco; A.
E. Craig, district secretary, San Fran
cisco; Mm. M. M. Carpenter, district
treasurer, San Francisco; Mrs. Ida
Clarke, district guard, Elmhurst; J. G.
Simionton, district sentinel, San Fran
cisco.
At noon the lodge will adjourn to the
banquet hall, where covers will be laid for
100 The evening session will be held
from 8 to 10 o'clock.
LUNG IS A LEPER.
A Chinaman Suffering From the Dread
disease Found on Jackson Street.
S. H. Lung, a Chinese employed as a
clerk in a Jackson-etreet Chinese store,
was taken to the Health Office yesterday
on suspicion tnat he was suffering with
leprosy.
Dr. Brown, who accompanied him,
stated that four years ago he had treated
mm for a blood disease and that since
that time the clerK had shown signs of the
dread disease. His attention was recently
recalled to the case from the fact that the
inmates of the Chinese Mission, at which
Lung was a visitor, complained of his
presence and asked that he be Kept away.
The physician of the Twenty-sixth street
hospital pronounced the case one of
leprosy and Lung will probably be de
ported, as he has relatives in China and
wishes to return to them.
• — • — •
Peddlers' Ag«nti).
Judge Campbell has followed the precedent
of other Judges in connection with the ques
tion of licenses for peddlers' assistants and
yesterday morning held that a license cou'.d
be used by the holder to cover his agents.
1 weii ty -five cases were sent out of court by the
decision. Attorneys McGregor and Kenny ap
peared for the defendants.
CAMPBELL LOST
HIS INCOME,
Lux Heirs Object to Paying
Him Attorney
Fees.
SUSTAINED BY COURT.
The San Jose Man Received
$93,000 and They Did Not
Get a Cent
DELMAS RESENTS A CHAEGF.
Denounces an Accusation of "Malice
Hatred and Revenge" on His
Part
A few judicial words uttered yesterday in
the Probate Court at Redwood City re
duced the income of James H. Campbell,
tbe San Jose lawyer, just $12,000 a year.
He had since 1890, by order of court, been
receiving that amount annually as counsel
for the German heirs to the Lux estate.
Tbe fixed sum had been agreed upon as a
substitute for an earlier scheme of pay
ment by the terms of which 3 per cent of
what the heirs should ultimately inherit
was to be paid to their legal adviser. The
percentage plan was all very well, but fees
might be long delayed while the attorney
must stand all current expenses and live
on expectations.
The heirs came to the conclusion re
cently that there seemed to be more money
for their attorney than for themselves. He
had drawn $93,000 in regular fees because
of the order of court, but so far they
had not received 93 cents from the estate-
Then they decided that the cash rate was
proving much more beneficial than they
had calculated, and they asked to have
the order by which it was created set
aside.
Mr. Delmas appeared in court as counsel
for the heirs that wish to be relieved from
the expense of maintaining Attorney
Campbell. Joseph Campbell of the San
Francisco law firm of Reddy, Campbell &
Metson, was present to defend his San
Jose namesake. His first move was to
ask for a continuance of the case until
such time as his client and Henry Lux
could be in attendance. But Mr. Delmas
objected strenuously and for several rea
sons. He declared that the San Jose man
had absented himself purposely, after hav
ing made several scandalous accusations
in tbe complaint. The clauses so objec
tionable to Mr. Delmas appeared in the
two following paragraphs appended at the
end of the document, after the manner of
the sting of the scorpion :
"That said proceeding is inspired, in
stigated, fostered and urged on by Thomas
B. Bishop out of malice, hatred and re
venge for certain acts done by the re
spondent in pursuance of his duty as
attorney for the absent and minor heirs of
said Charles Lux.
"That on August 8, 1896, said Bishop
procured the filing of the petition now
pending, that this respondent might be
still vexed, harassed and annoyed, and is
now participating in and directing this i
proceeding to further his revengeful de- 1
signs against the interests of said estate
of Charles Lux, deceased, and of the
residuary devisees therein and against the
interests of the estate of Miranda W.
Lux, deceased, of whose will the said
Bishop is an executor."
The sting took effect, and Mr. Delmas
retaliated, not in kind, but with measured
words so nicely pointed and so calmly
spoken that bis legal opponent moved un
easily in bis seat in sympathy for the ab
sent target.
"Every stigma contained in the allega
tion of tue complaint," remarked Mr. Del
mas, "is false. The man that made those
charges should be here to defend them in
court when it comes to proving or sub
stantiating such scandalous statements."
After several innings of verba' thrusting
aad parrying on tbe part of counsel,
Judge Buck declared tnat inasmuch as
most of the heirs requested that the order
made by Judge Fitzpatrick on the name
bench in 1890 be set aside, and since Mr.
Campbell himself was not unwilling to
have the order suspended, he would grant
the request. "I think," he said, "they
are entitled to the revocation of that order
insofar as it provides for lac payment of
$12,000 annually, to be paid <in monthly
payments. The question as to whether
there is anything due on that order will
be taken under consideration. The entire
proceedings will be taken under conside
ration, and you can present authorities on
that point a week from next Saturday. As
to the motion to strike out the two para
graphs in the complaint, I ahall hear ar
gument on that matter to-morrow after
noon."
James H. Campbell claimed that there
was still dne to him as unpaid fees the
sum of $10,500. Whether or not he will
get the money will be decided after the ar
gument a week hence. *
SOCIALISTS ARE ACTIVE.
Their Propaganda Work Gong
On in All Parts of tbe
State.
Candidates Working for the Party
in tbe City and in the Sur
rounding Counties.
Liberty Branch of the Socialist Labor
party held a large and enthusiastic mass
meeting last Wednesday night at Tnrk
street Temple. The meeting was opened
with a short address from C. D. Sunflower,
chairman of the evening, after which P.
Ross Martin read an essay on "Socialism."
Theodore Lynch followed with an address
in which he argued that tbe conditions
were favorable for increased gains to the
Socialist ticket in California during the
coming campaign. He stated that the
country is confronted with similar condi
tions to those that ushered in the French
revolution, and the only alternative to
avert the horrors of that bloooy epoch in
French history is by the adoption of so
cialistic principles.
P. Ross Martin followed in an appropri
ate address and announced a valuable
auxiliary to tbe Socialist propaganda in
the support offered by recent converts to
the movement, the "Coming Nation" and
"Appeal to Reason," two of the leading
Populist organs.
James Andrew, the party's candidate
for Lieutenant-Governor, addressed the
gathering, and gave a hopeful and encour
aging report of thfi sympathy and support
already promised on behalf of the ticket.
He stated that he addressed two Populist
meetings during the week and was favor
ably received. He closed by advocating
an energetic campaign of education. Leo
Gasser followed in a similar strain, after
which the meeting listened to short ad
dresses in favor of socialism by F. Arntz,
Dr. J. D. Brork and C. D. Sunflower.
Frank J. Muraskey, ex-Justice of the
Peace, is announced to address the society
at its next regular meeting on Wednesday
evening, September 3. at 8 o'clock.
James Andrew, the Socialist candidate
for Lieutenant-Governor, will leave soon
to canvas the southern counties, a wagon
and horse being placed at his disposal by
some of bis friends.
The northern counties will goon be vis
ited by J. H. Fones of Oakland and an
other member of the Oakland section, who
will speak in the interests of the cause.
Botn members will travel by their own
conveyance and will be accompanied by
their families. They will journey as far
north as Lake County and will be absent
until the campaien closes. The Santa
Rosa section recently organized by Theo
dore Lynch, is already preparing a recep
tion for them during their stay in Santa
Rosa.
At Monday night's meeting of the State
executive committee Mr. Fones was given
credentials as traveling lecturer with
pewer to organize local branches during his
journey.
The members of Liberty Branch are
agitating the establishment of a lyceum
for the purpose of training some of its ar
dent and enthusiastic members for the lec
ture platform as there is an increasing
demand for capable speakers. Several of
the young enthusiasts of the branch are
eager to acquiie a knowledge that will tit
them to clothe their ideas in a logical way
for the education of non-Socialists.
• — ♦ — •
CANNOT IMPORT TICKETS
All Chinese lottery Men Will Be
Prosecuted by the Federal
Authorities.
Collector Wise received instructions
yesterday from the department at Wash
ington to immediately institute criminal
proceedings against all importers of
Chinese lottery tickets. The Collector is
also authorized to seize and destroy all
such matter. The authority for this action
is found in the act of March 2, 1895, which
says:
That any person who shall cause to be
brought within the United States from abroad,
for tho purpose of disposing of the same, or
deposited in or carried by the malls of the
United states, or carried from one State to an
other in the United States any paper, certifi
cate or instrument purporting to be or repre
senting a ticket, chance, share or interest in or
dependent upon the event of a lottery, so
called gift concert or similar enterprise offer
ing prizes dependent upon lot or chance • * *
shall be punishable in the first offense by im
prisonment for not more than two years or by
a fine of not more than $1000, or both; and In
the second and after offenses by such impris
onment only.
Some weeks ago The Call directed the
attention of the Collector to this evil,
whereupon Mr. Wise reported the matter
to the Secretary of the Treasury and asked
for instructions. The decision of the de
partment is regarded as most important.
There are no less than twenty-five Cninese
lottery-ticket importers in San Francisco.
Assistant District Attorney Schlessinger
has already prepared bills of information
against these parties, and it is presumed
that the matter will be taken up by the
United States Grand Jury as soon as prac
ticable.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Audiences Interested in "A So
cial Trust" at the Co
lumbia
Comedy E ement Is the Strong Feature
in "A Nutmeg Match" at the
Grand.
Not any of the Frawley company's
plays this season, have drawn larger
bouses than the new socle y drama "'Tbe
Social Trust," is doing. The play is well
acted, and its excellent staging adds
largely to its effectiveness. It has been
decided to continue "The Social Trust" all
next week, after which "The Wife" will
be put on for a fortnight's run.
"The Gay Parisians" will only amuse
Baldwin audiences for four nights more.
On Monday evening the much-talKed-of
"Madame Sans Gene" will be seen in this
City for the first time, Kathryn Kidder
playing the part of the Duchess of
Dantzig, which she created in the English
version. The play will be given with the
elaborate stage settings with which it was
produced in the East
The comedy element is the strength of
'•A Nutmeg Match" at the Grand this
week. It is true that there are realistic
scenes, such as a donkey engine at work
driving piles, and these scenes afford evi
dent satisfaction and joy to the audience,
but the manifestations of real delight are
reserved for the people who make the fun.
Eii win J. Heron, the new comedian, has
already firmly established himself in the
good graces of the frequenters of the
Grand. Miss Lottie Williams, another
newcomer, is a specialty performer who
bas made a decided hit.
The Orpheum's bill is a particularly
good one this week. Biondi's new spe
cialties are clever; Miss Nellie Maguire,
the character singer, has made a decided
bit, and Richard Pitrot's impersonations
are clever. Herr Techow's performing
cats are as clever as ever, and Favor and
Sinclair win plenty of laughter for their
sketch, "The Maguires." The Trilby
sketch and the card-trick man are only
mediocre additions to the bill.
The Alcazar opens on Monday night
under entirely new management, that of
Messrs. Belasco, Doane and Jordan. The
house has been renovated and redecorated
and an effective system of ventilation in
troduced. The company wi«l present
comedy, comedy-drama and society
dramas.
Quite an array of talent will appear at
the benefit to be tendered L. R. St'ockweil
at the California Theater next Sunday
afternoon and evening. The programme
for the afternoon will consist of a vaude
ville bill. In the evenine a farewell per
formance of "Carmen" will be given with
Rose Coghlan and John T. Bulhvan in the
cast.
A lively interest is being taken in the
lecture to be given at the Auditorium Sun
day night.
At the Tivoli last night the balcony and
marriage scenes from "Romeo and Juliet"
were given, followed by "Cavalleria Rusti
cana." To-night "Li Traviata" will bt
performed. Both bills are excellent, and
every night sees a large audience at the
Tivoli.
A NEW CORPORATION.
Itg Purposes Are to Control and S«ll
Gas, Electric, and Water
Works.
Articles of incorporation of the Pacific
Coast Gas and Fuel Company have been
filed.
The purposes of the corporation are: I
"To construct, erect, purchase, etc., pas- i
works used to manufacture and furnish
gaslight and fuel, or both."
The place where the principal business
of the corporation is to be transacted is \
San Francisco and the terra for wlrch it is :
to exist is fifty years. The five share- !
holders comprise the board of directors.
They are: S. W. Van Syckel, W.B .
Morris, H. J. Leweliing. E. Lewelling and
F. W. Nowlin. The capital stock is
$500,000, $25,000 of which has beeu sub
scribed.
Willard B. Morris said yesterday that
the corporation was organized through
the efforts of Van Syckel, who i 3 at pres
ent in Petaluma, with the presumable ob
ject of buying out the gas plant there for
the corporation. He further stated that
the offices of tue corporation would prob
ably be at the Western Iron Works, in
which' he is partner.
CENSURE THE RAILROAD
Lack of a Proper Fender Caused the
Death of Young Louis
Locke.
A Coroner's jury strongly censurert the
Market-street Railway Company yester
day for causing the death of little Louis
Locke, who was killed by a Mission-street
electric car on the afternoon of Aueust 20.
Twelve witnesses were examined, their
evidence tending to show that the car was
running at an unlawful speed, though had
the modern juggernaut been titted with a
proper fender the boy's life would have
been spared. The real "Blinker" Murphy
gave most damaging testimony against the
octopus. He said the car was running at
least ten miles an hour, thouen if proper
care had been exercised the accident could
not have happened. The verdict of the
jury was as follows:
And we further find the death accidental
and the motorman blameless; and we further
find tnat the fender or guard in front of the
car was defective.
J. B. Russell (foreman). J. P- Shannon, Henry
Lyons, J. H. Stein. George H. Nelson, F. J.
Kohlcr, James Prince, T. O'Dowd.
It is probable that the parents of young
Locke will institute a suit for heavy dam
ages against the company.
NEW TO-DAY.
/
Danger to
Young Men.
The chances of total loss of manly power
are so great in men who find ' slight indi-
cations of a waste in the system that it is
vitally important that such indications b«
attended to at once. They should be
checked while such a thing is possible, for
if they are permitted to continue, instead
of stopping naturally, they will oecome
greater from day to day, and will, in a few
years, completely disrupt the whole nerv-
ous and vital organism.
Young men who notice what they con-
sider light symptoms of weakness do not
realize the danger that lurks in their path.
They do not understand the serious conse-
quences/the destruction of nerve tissue,
waste of vital force and power of brain,
loss of flesh, loss of memory and total
impotency. These are the consequence!
that follow in the trail of slight evidence*
of weakness.
CURE IT NOW.
To protect your future manhood, to
guard against total loss of vitality, regain
yoar health now. While youth is at hand
to bring happiness and joy, such as cornea'
to the strong, drive away the cause of de-
! pression, bring back confidence, bright
eyes and happy disposition. Bring them
back naturally by removing the weakness.
You can do this with
OR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
N^* >> tb"^Att" ftp
MANHOOD QUICKLY RESTORED.
Westminster^ Orange Co., Cal., \
May 18, 1896. }
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: The Belt which
I boueht from you some time ago has . cured -
me. My disease was seminal weakness of five
years' standing. I used all kinds of drugs and
patent medicines, and was, when I began
your treatment, in a very weak: condition,
both from my trouble and the many different
drugs I had taken. As soon as I applied your
Belt I found relief, in three weeks a general
Improved conditon, and I am now entirely .
cured. I cannot say too much in praise of you* -
Belt. Yours truly. • J. M. HUBBARD. .
THE EFFECTS "ARE WONDERFUL.
Maeysville, Cal., Aug. 6, 1896.
Dr. A. T. Sandex— Dear Sir : I feel it my
duty to let you know that your Belt has done
for me all you recommended it would do, and •
I feel that I cannot recommend it too highly.
I suffered f ir years with nervousness and loss
of sleep. I have only worn the Belt one month
and the- improvement is wonderful. Most
respectfully yours, M. J. GORMAN, .
Care Golden Eagle Hotel.
Men who are weac, or.wno ieei any sign
of weakness, should try this famous Elec-
tric Belt. It will give yon new life and
energy. It cures all the effects of youth-
ful errors. Send for the book "Three ;
Classes of Men," which Dr. Sanden will
send, closely sealed, free on application.
Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
> 030 • Market - Street, San Frauctaca,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 3 a. H. la
0:30 p. M. Sundays. 10 to 1. /
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OK-
-804 South Broadway. | 238 Washington street.
Baja California
Dam Bitters
it a powerful aphrodisiac and gpoclflo tonio for tin
sexual and urinary onraas or both sexes, - and »
i : prefct remedy for diseases of the kidneys and biai-
-1 tier. A great, Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervtns.
i bells on Its own Merits— no long-winded K«tt*
monials necessary.
j -N.H.r.11, ..I^'4 <6 BKI'.NK, Agents,
323 Market St., 3. i'.-tseud for Circular)
*'^t&&?SP?lZ)£*i-iBl Bis ** is a non-poisonous
4tfJKMlß^^**tofß remedy for Gonorrhoea,
J^^^cVHEb^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
ft-jjSGp 'n i tos.iaT«-\U Whites, unnatural dis-
B*r*Bf Gatrinued V charges, or any inllamma-
ff «»Jf oat to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
y*T Prevent* eonugion. tion of mucous mem-
WTTITHeEvANSCHEMJr^no. branes. Kon-astringent.
VjAciHCINNATI.O |t¥M Sold by I'ruwrUtr,
USA ]?»>3 or SPnt in P' il ' Q wrapper,
V^^bslSST^' ' !^n by • xpreoH, prepaid, f.r
*^E^B|£^» 3 M fii.oo, or 3 bottles, ;?.7\
•*^BSgQjgj^».v ™ Circular Bent or. - rw»sf..
friiirsMai Veptable Pills
. Are acknowledged by thousands of persons wh»
nave used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
-1 | TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
I purify the blood. , ■ '
Grossman's Mixtura
I With this remedy . persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
; change In application to business. The medlcina
i ' contains nothing that iis of the least Injury to th«
I constitution. . Ask your druggist tot U. : Vnot 91 *
hoot*
---*•■■-■ ■ ■ ■• ";. .''-.BROOKS CANNOT
FILL THE POSITION
Another Handicapper Must
Be Secured for the State
Fair Meet.
THAT OFFICIAL TOO BUSY
California Jockey Club Affairs
Require His Full At
tention.
EASTERN EORSEMEN COMING.
Libertine Rounding Into Shape Again
at Sacramento— Doings Among
the Gallopers-
Owing to his multifarious duties in con
nection witb the coming fall meeting of
the California Jockey Club J. W. Brooks,
one of the officials of that club, yesterday
notified Edwin F. Smith, secretary of the
State Agricultural Society, that it would
be impossible for him to act as official
iiaudicapper during the racing at Sacra
mento, to which position he had been ap
pointed.
If the Sacramento officials are in a quan
dary as to the selection of a person to fill
that position it would seem as tnougii no
more competent official could be secured
than Judge Clint C. Riley, at present in
this City. Judge Riley is a 'dose student
of form and filled the position of handi
capper on one of the big Chicago tracKs
some years ago to the perfect satisfaction
of horse-owners and thousands of race
track patrons.
When Captain Rees wrote Secretary
Leake of the Pacific Coaat Jockey Club
that "if all the horsemeu go to California
this coming winter that say they are going
you will have to build a string "of stables
reaching from the track to the ocean
beach," he wal evidently correct iv his
conjecture. Among the more recent ar
rivals on the scene of future racing opera
tions is "Vicksburg" Cook, outside man
for bookmaker Johnny Coleman. Vicks
burg told some friends the other evening
in a downtown hotel that when the exo
dus for California was over around St.
Louis there would not be horses enough
left to haul the streetcars. He says Cole
man is over $40,000 winner and Barney
Schreiber in the neighborhood of $35,000
ahead of the game.
While fortune smiied her sweetest on
these two pencilers the other members of
the booking fraternity around St. Louis
did not fare as well. Hughey Jones and
Frank Eckert, both well known in these
parts, were about "holding their own,"
and were making preparations to emi
grate to California. Marcus Cartwright
will also journey out this way.
Among the new stables that will race
here thia fall will be Jim Murphy's string,
containing among others the well-known
performers Ace and Bing Binger.
Western horsemen think very well of
the racy-looking colt Typhoon, a son of
imp. Topgaiiant. He packed ail kinds
ot weight over the St. Louis tracks, and is
looked upon to create trouble when he
hits the eood ones in the far East. Orna
ment suffered defeat at bis hands.
It is reported that Patsy Freeman will
ride the horses of Bookmaker George Rose
this coming winter.
One of the best yearlings around Sacra
mento is a brother to {he once well-known
Eastern performer Wadsworth. He is in
"Billy" Murry's string and is looked upon
as a coming crack.
Burt Cavanaugh, the Sacramento poli
tician, has four youngsters on his ranch,
the get of the big Australian horse Strom
bolL They are said to be counterparts of
their sire.
"Haneer" Jones has the Spreckels
string looking in fine shape at Sacra
mento. Galen Brown, who recently ar
rived from the East with Libertine,
Treachery and the old mare Marcelle, will
take charge of the horses this week.
Libertine, wno was ailing all summer, is
again taking his work regularly, and will
be able to "step to taw" this fall.
Ab Stembler has over twenty horses in
training at the Sacramento track, and all
are said to be in splendid racing condi
tion. Fleur de Ll9 will certainly be able
to hold her own with any of the two-year
olds of the Eastern contingent.
John Ta; f ior, formerly assistant for
Starter CurJey Brown, has a couple of
three-year-olds in training at Sacramento.
One is a half brother to Wawona, being by
Imp. Calvados, dam Typhoon, and the
other is a gelding by Broadchurch.
Oeerge Miller will do the riding for the
El Priinero stable during the State Fair.
His weight is now 110 pounds.
Steeplechase jockey Fred McCullough is
schooling five green jumpers at Rancho
del Paso. McCullough formerly piloted
Edward Corngan's timber- toppers.
Louis Ezell has seven horses taking
daily exercise on the Sacramento track.
Joe Harris, the well-known steeple
chase rider, is attending the Monterey
meet. Harris, who can ride at 145 pounds,
is one of the cleveresWof the jocneys en
gaged in that dangerous pursuit.
MOWRY ON HIS METTLE
Futile Attempt to Show That a
Witness for the Defense
Was Intimidated.
Testimony Introduced Tending to
Show Wong Sam as a Person
of Pad Character.
The only feature of the Williams trial
yesterday was the attempt of the defense
to show that one of their witnesses, Hong
Teung. had been intimidated by Wong
iling SbiQt', president of the Wong So
ciety.
Teung said that while in the witness
chair the day before be was prevented
irom telling the truth by the presence in
the courtroom of Shing.
"Did he beckon or make a motion to you
in any way?" asked Mr. Schlessinger.
"No," was the repiy.
"Why did you not tell the court if you
were afraid?"
"I do not know."
Then it developed that Teung was able
to tell more than ne had the day before,
because Shing was not in the courtroom.
Incidentally it was brought out that Wil
liams and Attorney Mowry had a long
talk with the witness after court ad
journed Wednesday afternoon. Nothing
of the conversation, however, was offered
in evidence.
At the conclusion of the day's session
Wong Hing Shing was brought into court
on a charge of contempt. It took him
just fifteen minutes to satisfy his Honor
that Teung had not been corrupted. On
the contrary, Shing bad urged the witness .
to tell the whole truth under penalty of
being sent to San Quentin for perjury.
Outside of the incident above related
the defense occupied the attention of the
court in a vain attempt to impeach the
character of Wong Sam. In ali ten wit
nesses were called as follows: Inspector
John Lynch, Quock Woh, Chin Toy, Of
iicer Hutchene A. G. Newberry, George
W. Duttield, A.J. Manley. Samuel J. Rud
dell and Thomas J. McGrath. The testi
mony of Lynch was rather against Wil
liams than "otherwise.
It was brought out on cross-examination
that the defendant had always been ac
corded certain privileges by Collector
Wise. Other inspectors were compelled
to make a report on eyery case investi
gated, but in many instances Williams
was not required to do this. His verbal
statement that a case was all right was
generally accepted.
At 4 o clock court adjourned untii next
Monday, when the defense wili proceed
with its case. Tue prosecution has evi
dence to offer in rebuttal, so it is not prob
able that the jury will be given the case
under ten days. Collector Wise will be
called as a witness for the defense next
Monday.
» » — •
COURSING TOLERATED.
No Immediate Measures Against It Will
Be Taken by the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animal*.
The annual meeting of the directors of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals was held yesterday evening in
the secretary's office. Fourteen of the fif
teen members of the board were present.
Secretary Holbrook's report mentions
257 cases of cruelty brought to the notice
of the society, of which 250 were investi
gated. Most of the victims were horses
and mules, though rabbits, cats, cows,
dogs, frogs, donkeys, pigs, snakes and
fowls also figured in the role of martyrs
to man's innumanity. The cash state-
The New Mission High School, Which Will Be Erected by August Next, at a Cost of
$200,000 for the Lot and Building.
ment noted receipts to the amount of
$361; disbursements, $323 40; balance on
hand, $37 60.
N. H. Gurkens, A. F. Adams and Albert
H. Murken we're accepted as officers of the
society under the usual conditions.
Charles R. Karatar, Caspar Stem, L. W,
Richter, Saul H. Greenbere, Maurice Dean
and W. Benz were admitted to member
ship.
The annual election resulted in the fol
lowing-named gentlem n being placed or
retained in the society's posts of trust:
Jacob Z. Davis, president; N. P. Cole,
vice-president; James 8. Hutcliinson,
treasurer, and Charles B. Holbrook, secre
tary (re-electod).
' There was much discussion as to whether
rabbit-hunts at the Presidio athletic
grounds should be discontinued. Messrs.
Chenowith and Rockwell, two of the lead
ing spirits in the movement for the organ
ization of a Fox-terrier Coursing Ciub,
were called upon for statements as to the
manner in which the sport is carried on.
It was at length decided that the society
shonl i take no action in the matter for the
present.
. — * — «
PROBABLY A CANARD.
Humors of a Flan, to Annex Hawaii
V or Overthrow Its Present .
Government.
E. C. Macfarlane and F. W. Macfarlane
Are at the California Hotel, having arrived
yesterday in the City from Honolulu, x In
quiry was made of them last evening con
cerning a rumor that Minister Willis, who
recently visited the United States, r> was
empowered to enter into negotiations lor
either Hawaiian annexation or a monarch
ical form of Government with ; Kaiulani
on the throne, or an American protector
ate, the choice of either form of govern
ment to be left to a vote of the people.
This rumor is interesting, but neither of
the Messrs. Macfarlane has any knowl
edge ' concerning it. or if he has he
refuses to disclose it. Neither would be
interviewed last night, nor could, any re
sponse be secured to a question concern
ing the subject-matter which was written
upon a slip of paper and sent in.
Tne general impression is that the rumor,
is only a canard. '\ >L . V
SCHEYER'S ANSWER.
He Charge* Vaurice liosenthal With
Appropriating the Firm's Money
to His Own Uae.
In an answer and cross-complaint in the
suit of Maurice Rosenthal against Sallusch
Scheyer the defendant makes specific de
nial of tho allegations of the plaintiff and
declare s on his (the defendant's) part that
Rosenthal was in the habit of going iJast
every year to purchase goods for the firm
of M. Scheyer & Co., and that he, the de
fendant, believes that Rosenthal appro
priated large sums of money belonging
to the firm in private enterprises in this
City. He asks that the firm be ordered to
liquidate. _
Beat a Lodging- House.
Michael J. Ward, a lodging-house "beat,"
was yesterday sent to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Joachimsen. He ran up a bill
for $28 for hoard and lodging and borrowed
$15 Irom Mrs. Laberere, 116 Sixth street, on
the representation that he had money in the
Hibernia Bank.
Send home the Wasp's great pictorial history
of ban Francisco.' S'xty pages of plcturec.
Pioneer days and modern times. Price 25 cents.*
■ The brain of an idiot contains much less
phosphorus than that of a person of aver
age mental powers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 558, 1896.
A NEW MISSION
HIGH SCHOOL
It Will Be the Best One
Anywhere West of
Chicago.
PRIDE OF THE DISTRICT.
The Building to Have Many
Notable Features of Con
struction.
FIRE-PROOF ASSEMBLY HALL.
To Bs Completed Next August—Why
the Residents of the Mission
Are So Joyful.
It is not without sufficient cause that the
residents of the Mission are congratulat
ing themselves. The Bite for the new
Mission High School has been virtually
selected, the plans for a big and hand
some building have been drawn by Archi
tect Charles I. Haven and accepted by the
Board of Education, and by the beginning
of next term, in August, 1897, San Fran
cisco can boast tne possession of the best
public school house to be found west of
Chicago.
The new school honse is to be .a three
story building of stone and brick, with a
basement. It will be located on a level
lot, bounded by three streets upon the
south, west ana east respectively, and will
have a frontage of 212 feet and
a depth of 259 feet. The spacious
grounds are to be laid out like a park,
and will be inclosed by a low stone wall.
Although the exact site has been chosen,
Director H. C. Henderson, chairman of
the Buildings and Ground Committee, does
not wish to make it public until ti»e salt
has been legally consummated. It may
be stated, though, that the lot is centrally
located upon one of the leading streets of
the Mission south of Nineteenth street and
west of Mission, and is reached by several
lines of cars.
Prominent features of the building will
be the classic style of its architecture, tne
assembly hall and gymnasium, the colon
nades flanking the main entrance, its wide
staircases, numerous exits and its im
proved sanitary, heating, lighting and
ventilating systems.
The first floor is five leet above the
ground. The main corridor, sixteen feet
wide, runs from the entrance hall the en
tire length of the building. The waiting
room, the principal's office, library and
four commodious classrooms are also con
veniently situated. The gymnasium, con
nected with the main corridor, is 87 feet
wide, 88 feet deep and 18 feet high, and
will be fully equipped for the purposes of
physical culture. From this floor to the
streets are five exits.
Two wide staircases give access to the
second story, where there are eight class
rooms, the size of each averaging 28x34
feet. The spacious assembly hail occupies
a part of the second and third stories. The
auditorium has seating accommodations
for 750 persons and the gallery for 200.
Upon the stage is room for 200 more,
giving a total seating capacity for 1150.
The seats are arranged in tiers upon a
sloping floor, like those of a theater, and
give the spectators a clear view of the
stage from any part of the hall. In the
rear of the stace are dressing-rooms, and
the hall is provided with all the lequisite
exits and entrances.
The artroom, the chemical and physical
laboratories, the science-room, the teach
ers' Juncneon-room and kitchen and four
classrooms are located in the upper story,
wnich is reached by two wide stairways.
The artroom geis the north light and has
also a big skylignt. The idea of having
the laboratories on this floor is to restrict
the unpleasant odor of chemicals arising
from them to that section of the school
house.
In the basement there will be a recrea
tion-room for the students, a fuel-room,
janitor's room and the necessary space for
the heating and ventilating plant. Ali floors
above the basement will contain lavato
ries, bat and coat rooms, toilet-rooms, etc.
The front of the building will be of stone
and dark, buff-colored brick, with trim
mings of terra cotta a shade darker. At
the main entrance will be a colonnade of
the pure Doric style. It will comprise six
or eight pillars and will be 70 feet in
length,
Jhe assembly hall, the staircases and
the corridors will be entirely fireproof,
with concrete arches, hollow tile parti
tions and marble floors, A feature of the
classrooms is the absence of any annoy
ing cross-lights, and upon the first floor
there is to be a handsome conservatory 25
feet in diameter, to be used by the stu
dents in studying botany^
DEFENDS HIS WIFE.
Although Divorced, Mr. Wal»h Objects
to Statements Calling Her Sobriety
in Question.
James J. Walsh, whose divorce from his
wife, Minnie B. Walsh, was noted in The
Call of last Wednesday, complains with
apparent reason that his testimony dur
ing the trial was misunderstood. He de
nies in the most explicit terms that he
accused his wife of visiting saloons, and,
in spite of the differences which brought
about the separation, is desirous of cor
recting any false impression which may
have been conveyed. Mr. Walsh requests
Lhe^publication of his explanation as an
act of justice to his wife, whose good
name has never been assailed.
SILVERITES MEET.
The Point Lobos People Addressed
Last Night by Joseph
P. Kelly.
The Point Lobos Silver Club held a well
atteadea meeting at Fan-ell's Hall, at the
corner of Ninth avenue and Point Loboa
road, last evening. One of the principal
speakers was Joseph P. Kelly, the Demo
cratic nominee for Congress in the F:fth
Congressional District. He expressed
himself as asainsi the funding bill and in
favor of improving the waterways of the
district, that the Dublic might have some
check upon the great transportation cor
porations. He promised, if elected, to
work for an appropriation for the deepen
ing of the bay channels at Alvisoand Red
wood City.
J. B. Mclntyre spoke upon the money
issue of the present campaign and devoted
much of his remarks to tne excoriation
of Democrats who had not followed the
plumes of Bryan and lauded Dave Hill for
his having eaten dinner with the silver
Presidential candidate.
BACK FROM THEIR HUNT,
The Antelope and Deer Which
P. K. Gordon and Attorney
Dorsey Slew.
Got Grouse and S.igehen by the Score.
All Done on the Great Sparks
Ranch.
P. K. Gordon of the passenger depart
ment of the Southern Pacific Company
and Attorney J. W. Dorsey of this City
have returned after a two weeks' hunting
trip In Nevada and Idaho.
They went from here to Reno, where
they were joined by John Sparks, the Ne
vada cattle-king, and Andrew and B. Har
vell of Visalia. Thence they proceeded,
via Wells, accompanied by several Reno
gentlemen, in buggies and wagons to the
Salmon River country, in Idaho.
In going this vast distance they traversed
the great Sparks cattle-ranch, which com
prises between 2,000,000 and 3,ooo,ooo acres.
Though they traveled 240 miles they were
all the times on this principality. Mr.
Sparks and his associatesown 210,000 acres
outright, and on account of the water con
trol the remainder.
The hunters traveled by easy stages,
camping where they could best find wood,
water and gra-s. Mr. Gordon says they
succeeded in getting nine deer, three ante
lope and fish, grouse and sagehens without
number.
"The deer were very plentiful," said he,
"and we could easily have Rilled many
more, but we had no use for them. We
brought bacK, as it was, a number of hams
and a good deal of jerked meat. We saw
hundreds of antelope, but they are very
hard to kill, because they go in bands and
fuirly sweep the hills like the wind.
"I never saw so many grouse and sage
hens. They were everywhere, that is
when we got to the best hunting districts.
As for trout, there was no estimating the
number caught, and that we could have
caught. It was a magnificent trip.
"This great cattle ranch on which we
hunted extends from Wells into Southern
Idaho and over into Utah."
Youths' Directory -t. eeting.
A meeting of the committee having in charge
the management of the fair to be given in Ar
mory Hall September 24 for the benefit of the
Youthh 1 Directory wag held last night at 2030
Howard street. There was a large attendance.
James R. Kelly presided. The various com
mittees made their reports. These showed
that the lair would, from the support already
received, prove a great success. The contest
for the watch between the several police officers
has created a lively interest, not only among
the officers, but among all their friends. The
rescue of boys from the streets is the great ob
ject of those who are working in the interest
of the directory.
A stiiici Si-aiskin Coat.
A young man handed Captain Lees yester
day a sealskin coat, valued at $500 which was
stolen from the residence of W. 8. Duval. 1012
Pine street, on the night of August 2. It was
given to him by Patrick Kelly, one of the ex
convicts arrested for the burglary.
EXTENSION OF
SUTTER STREET,
Through Laurel Hill Ceme
tery to Richmond
District.
A CONDEMNATION SUIT.
Supervisors Petitioned to Move
Under the Eminent
Domain Act.
FRANK M'COPPIN TOE MAYOR.
Graveyards Are to Be a Live Politi
cal Issue This Fall in
Richmond,
The Richmond District Improvement
Association held a meeting last evening,
at which several sets of ringing resolutions
were adopted.
First came the reports of several com
mittees appointed at a previous meeting.
The committee on streets reported ar
rangements made with a iesponsible con
tractor to have the streets of the district
cleaned of sand, remacadamized, sprin
kled, roiled and put in first-class shape
for 20 cents per front foot, or $5 for each
25-foot lot complete. A sample block is to
be done on Tnird avenue, between Clement
and California streets, immediately, and all
residents of the district may avail them
selves of this offer by consulting the com
mittee, Bert Case or J. G. Maloney, ap
pointed by the association.
The secretary reported that he had in
terviewed the different persons named for
Assemblymen for the Fortieth District on
the Democratic side, and he recommended
C. S. Rosener as the best candidate for
Richmond. The secretary went before the
district club and nominated Mr. Rosener
on behalf of the district, and be was
chosen. It is believed that the Junta side
will also select him. The same mode was
taken on the Republican side and David
Short was selected.
Some resolutions recommending Hon.
Frank Coppin for Mayor were unani
mously and uproariously adopted, and
then came the report of the committee on
Sutler street extension. This thorough
fare runs irom Market street west to Cen
tral avenue or Laurel Hill Cemetery. It
strikes the graveyard near its southern
line, and if it were extended in a straight
line it would issue from the burial en
closure after passing through, a distance
equal to six blocks.
The report is given in full, as follows:
To the Offieert and Members of the Richmond
Improvement Atsociation — Gentlemen: Your
committee, to whom was re. erred (lie matter
of the opening of Sutter street through Laurel
Hill Cemetery to Williamson street, respect
lully report that upon a careful investigation
of the law upon the subject we find that the
proper course is by procedure In the conns
under the eminent domain set, which defines
the rights of the people or Government to take
private property for public Übe and the
method by which it la done.
Which provides: Thut the right of eminent
domain may be exercised In benaif of, among
other things, streets and alleys and all other
public urc's for the benefit of any ciiy aad
county, and it further t>rovides for the mode
of apportioning and collecting the costs of
sucb improvements shall be such as may be
provided in the statutes by which the same
mny be authorized.
That the said extension of Sutter street as
nereinbefora named is lor thn public use of
the entire City and County of San Franc. sco
and its inhabitants, for the purpose of being
used by them as a public street and thorough
fare for public travel.
We advise that this association do imme
diately petition the Honorable the Board of
Supervisors of this City and County :
That they pass an order instructing the City
and County Attorney of this City to imme
diately prepare and file a complaint in con
tormity to section 1244, of the Code of Civil
Procedure ci this btate, and prosecute it to
final judgment.
The Richmond District is at present menaced
with cemeteries; and their hirelings ere seek
ing to aggrandize themselves at the expense
of retarding tne natural puce of progress,
which, of right, the Richmond District does
possets.
They stand as the barriers in the way to free
ingress and egress to our dißtrlct.
I|All other districts in this City have their
streets open and free to the use of ihe public,
while Ricnmond is shut off from Suiter street.
Bush and Pine, O'Farrell, Ellis, Eddy, Goiden
Gate aveuue and McAllister, all barricaded
with cemeteries on the one side, and Walnut
street, Laurel, Locust, Spruce, Josephine, Eu
genia, Wood, Collins, Blake, Cook, Boyce, Al
aiue, Commonwealth, Jordaii^Michigan, Rose
avenue, Junipeio street, X> rth Wiilard, c. B
and A ami Richmond avenue, all blocked by
cemeteries, and the public is deprived from
reaching the Richmond District 0:1 either or
any of tne aforenamed thirty sireetsof the City
and County of San Francisco.
The Hirelings of these cemeteries are endeav
oring through political and other movements
to command the control ot bur municipality.
The prosperity and advancement of our dis
trict is in peril. Therefore it becomes the duty
of every individual who has the future inter
est and prosperity of the Richmond District at
heart, to with a unanimity of feeling, urge the
removal of these cemetery barriers and earn
estly advocate the cpening of v butter street
through Laurel Hill Cemetery.
And we recommend that the speediest possi
b c action and all possible energies be imme
diately exerted to have Suteer street opened in
manner as aforestated, as by doing so it means
prosperity to all classes ot citizens in the Rich
mond District, and the City of San Francisco,
the commercial emporium of the Pacific slope.
Very respectfully submitted. '
Chakles H. Hubbs,
Maubice V. Samuels,
Committee.
The report ana recommendation were
quickly adopted, and it was ordered that
the Board of Supervisors be requested to
instruct the City and Coun:y Attorney to
begin suit.
"Only those who are immediately inter
ested in this question," said President
Hubbs of the association, "know what a
grievous injury these graveyards are to
the extreme western sid<? of the City.
Only three streets— Geary, California and
Sacramento — can get into Richmond Dis
trict, and about thirty others are stopped
by the cemeteries. Geary stveet runs over
a hill too steep for heavy" travel, and Cali
fornia street, where it enters the district, is
crowded with a steam, a cable and an
electric car track so it is impossible to get
much other use out of tnat thoroughfare.
Sacramento street Is up on the aide of a
hill, so really it is a wonder that any
vehicles manage to get into the district."
A motion was adopted that no person
should be indorsed by the association for
any public office unless he pledged him
self m favor of the closing of the ceme
teries. - -
FIRE DEPARTMENT CASH
A Handsome Surplus Remained
in Hand Alter Paying All
Disbursements.
Saving of About ioo Per Cent Shown
in the Harness- Makers'
Department.
Th« Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon. The resignation of I. Me-
Auliffe of truck 1 was accepted, and
Harry Floyd was appointed to fill the
vacancy. An application from the Super
intendent of Streets lor 500 feet of hose for
flushing purposes was not entertained.
The Chief reported that the records
showed tuat the Superintendent had al
ready received during his administration
2000 feet of hose, and only 400 feet was
now fit for use.
The report for the past fiscal year was
submitted. It showed that the expendi
ture for the year had been $717,602 68,
leaving a surplus 00 band of $797 32.
During the year seven new engine com
panies and two monitor batteries had been
organized and two hose companies dis
banded. Seven new houses and one stable
had been built and extensive alterations
had Deen made to ten houses. There had
been purchased two lota of land, six new
steam fire-engines, seventeen hose-wagons,
one third-class truck, 20,800 feet of hose
and eighty-one horses.
Two monitor batteries have been built
by the mechanics of the department; 774
new hydrants have been set, making a
total of 3001. There is now 343 miles of
water-pipe available for fire purposes and
69,300 ieet of hose in service.
The total insurance on buildings and
contents destroyed or partly destroyed by
fire amounted to $4,822,756 53. The total
loss was $993,555 56. and the total insur
ance paid was $883,893 01.
The Chief among other things recom
mends that a light-draft, hieh-power fire
boat with large pumping capacity be pro
vided ; that there should bf a fully paid
Fire Department; that keyless doors be
provided for fire alarm boxes in the mer
cantile districts; that all wires, telephone
and telegraph, be placed underground;
that at least 100 cisterns be buiit with di
rect connection from the water mains, ?o
that several engines could pump out 01
them, thereby bringing the engines closer
to the fire and saving Joss to hose through
lone; leads.
The report embodies an interesting re
sume of all the work done daring the
year in the mechanical and other
branches of the department. In the har
ness-makers' report a saving of about 100
per cent was Shown in hose covers,
blankets and all other articles caused by
purchasing the material wholesale and
making the articies instead of as formerly
having the articles supplied evea by the
lowest bidder.
The Emperor of Germany has a fancy
for Havana cigars about seven inches in
length. Each is inclosed in a class tube
hermetically sealed, so that the delicate
tobacco, remaining in one temperature,
never gets out of condition.
BSFA/t c o
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most 'successful sneciaii«t
| of the age in the treatment of nil Chronic.
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and 'Women: ; ' .
l>isess of young, middle-
Hjeed and old men which weaKen
%c body 1 and the brain, causing Z ner-
vous ! debility in all its distressing
forms, anch as drains which sap the vital'
ity. weak: and failing manhood, achine
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
plands, varicocele, hydrocele and, in many
cases degradation and untimplv death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany witn his new treatment
which is the , result of years of study,
practice and experience. ..;. • v- '-
"Heart, ;~ Brain, /Nerves';; and
Blood. > If: you have a <*izziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a ; tired,'
irritable, discontented feeling and -fear of
impending ; danger or death, 4 ; a dread of
beine alone or the reverse; if your mem-,
ory is failing and you are gloomy : and? de-
spondent ;nnd feel an aversion to society, '
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the 'nerves," brain, heart , and f blood. You
have no f time to = lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. I>l«eafte«
of Women scientifically .treated . : and
invariribiv cured., ; -; : . ... ...-. •"■•'■; *: -. -.-.... >.-.;■; ■
: 'I'll POOR of this city who call at his
office ; on f Friday, afternoons «of ■ each week
are .welcome '; to v his ; professional r services .
free. j ;■;:•!.' , :,-;:/-.. . .- ' > ■ ■. ; ■'[,-. . *:. :**-
•v Yon can ■be ? cured at ? home. .
Write your troubles if living away from'
the city and are unable to t call. Letters
are answered in English, German. French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
*/v Correspondence V' strictly V; confidential.';
Book, "Guide to Health," 'sent ? frei on ap-
plication. :, Address ...-■'., .-:'& :
FIR r5 I rnmr iyy' 737 Market st,''
Ull. ;I. L. UlVLnill, san Francisco, Cat
RAILROAD TRAVIX:
SOt THIiBK PACIFIC COMPANY. '
.;■■>;,. \ ....'.*.■'■ (PACIFIC SVSTKM.) ; ;
Irnln. lonic nnil areduo In nrrlve at
SAN nUBVISC*.
Have .'■■'■'— 'From Juke 7. ISOG. — Altai vi
"*6:obX"Kilt.-9, San Josi) and Way Stations... S:43a
( 7s«oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Hast.. «-45»
* 7:OOa Benicia, VacaTille, Kum«> y. Sacra-
mento, Ororjllo »nd Redding via
DavU «i43f
7:00 a Martinez, Sua Ramon. Napa, Calls-
toga and banta Rosa 6:13*
•i»Oa Ni'.es, Han 'Jose, Htnchtou. lono,
Sacramento, Jlarysville and Red
lilnfT .I"
•8:80 a Peters and Mi'.tou «7:15p
»io» a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I.on Angeles 4j4.">*
«:O«a Marti and Stockton ll! A
O:OOa. Va11ej0......... <J ! J?l'
l:OOp Nile* San Jose and LiTerwore ? :43a
•IsOOp Sacramento River Stoaniers »OtOOp
i I :3<»r Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45*
4iooi- Martinez, Han lUmon. Vallejo, .
Napa. Ctlistoga, El Verauo hud -
Santa Uoisv 9118 *
•M»op Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland,
Knlglits Landing, MarysTiUs, _
OrOTillo and Sacramento IBtIB A
. 4i3op Niles, San Jose, LiTermoro and -
Stookton ..- 7ilßf
4s3»p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for \--- Mm
Yosemtte) and Fresno 11:4Sa
*«(M»r New Orleans i:xpre«s,Fresno,B»kei»«
field. Sarta Uarbara. l.os Angeles:
Dealing, £1 l'aso, New Orleans and
5a5t................. ............... 10:15 a
SiSO? Santa lV Route, AUantio Express
. for Moja»e anil East 1C:1.1a
S:OOp Vallejo •• Jl:»3a
«:O«i- European Ma.l, Ogilen and Ka*t.... OilSa
<«:OOt> Haywards. Nllus and Han J05e...... 7:15*
I7soop Vallejo t~v*»r
7:00 r Oregon fiacrameuto, Marys-
'. ville. Redding, Portland. Tugot
Sound and Kast ; 10:43 a
SAT<TA<:ittlZ DIVISION (Narrow Oange).
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ./.... }B:©3r
SilSa Newark, l lose, Felton, *
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ......" OiMf
*Bil3p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feltou, Itonldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
* 5tati0n5....;.......... «I1:20a
%ttifip Newark. San .lone and Tos (1at05.... U»:soa
COAST IH VISION (Third A Townßend bin.)
~ i «6t4sABau Joss ami Way Stations (New'
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:4? A
<J7:3oa Sunday . Excursion for San Jos«l
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe, anas
Principal Way Stations... iS:39r
•:15 A 8»u .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
L ?aclllo Grove, Paso Roblcs, Sas
Jiiiis Oliispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way SUtlons 7rO9p
1»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:SOr
1O:4Oa Sail Jo ~»d Way Stations.. 5:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
•»:3Op ban Mateo, Mer.lo Park. Saa Jose,
dlroy, Tres linos, Santa Cm.,
Saifnas,Mr>ntereyaiidl*aciUcGroTo *IO:4Oa
•B'.aor San Jose, I'acifio Grove and Way
Stations.. •l;S0»
*4:30r San Jose Way Stations •,,.,,,,
5:30p San Jose and Prinoipal Why Stations •«:-! H a
6::t0i" San Jose and Way Stations ' <>:».! v
lll:43r San Jose and Way Stations ■f7:45p
" SAN-LKAXUUQ A.M> HAVWAKU-. LUi:ALr~
<»6:00 a "I i ( 7:1 3 a
' 8:0Oa I »9:43 a
l*.oot Helr Me , Seminary Park, l?:|gt
a |:oop : Fltcbbi,r S ,S«L«ndr< > »f i«J
SISSp •»* • t£Z
rJ!So? **'"«<* ,?;iSj
7:OOp > v 8:45 f
l'£%l i Runs through to Nile*. ,£ *£ *
tmiisp J < From Nilea. _ I tU2:OOt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from SiN mSCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 8:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 13:01
•4:00 25:00 •6:00 p.m.
from OAKUHIV— Foot or Bread nj<— '6:00 8:01
10:00 a.m. 112:00 '1:03 18:00 *3:00 ti:oi
*S:oof.m. :- . ' ■■•* ■■....••■■■
. A for Morning. . P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays onJf,
I Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Crux.
Sundays and Mondays from Santa Cma.
FRASCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Sibnron Ferry— Foot, of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WXKK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.; 13:»\
. 3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. v Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.ii
and 11:30 v.v.
BrJNDAYB—7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00, 6:20 p. it
San Kafael to San Francisco. ■ -
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a it.
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p.m. Saturdays-Extra ulpa
; at 1 :55 P. m. and 6:35 p. v. ""
: BUND AY 6—7:35, 9:ao, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:4
! 6i)o, 6:25 p.m. '■■■■■T-j *T* :
- Between Ban Francisco and Bchuetzen Park sam* -
schedule as above.
■ " Ij *' ye '•■•'. Tnl>ff<v»^ " Arrive
sUn Francisco. i^ttt9, Ban Francisco. •
: VXKKI SUN-? u-iifna^lon. Btrw " I W«K«'
Datb. : I pays. PAYBj . | Da Ya- .
1 -.30 am; 7:30 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ax i
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 pm 10:10 AM
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg, '
(Geyservllle, - —:: .'-•-.
B:3opm 7:30 am] Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
Heta,
7:30 am ' Hopland & 10:10 ah
B:3opm 7:30 am! Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15
7:30 am ■ 10:10 AM
7:30 am Ouernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 PM - 6:10 PM
7:30 am 7:30 am Soncma 1 10:40 am 8:40 am"
• and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:16 pm
7:30 am 1 7 am I Seha .. ono , 110:40 am! 10:10 AM
8:30 pm 1 5 :00 pm 1 *>eDa»topoi. | 6 .06 | 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie : West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Pleases Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda . Bay and i.akeport; at
Hopland for Lateport and Bart ■ Springs: at
Ukiah for Vlohy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Laic e, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, .' Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
cell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvilie, Booneville,
■Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Menaociuo City,
yon Bragg, Wsstport, Usal, Wlllets, Canto, C*.
T»io, Laytonville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
CUPS. -.■:- ■..--.■'
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle nnildln£
U.C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN, v .
: .. «3en. Manager. Hon. Ciw. Agent.
Atlantic <<l^^^^
Trains leave and arrive ai GjKnE '
Market-Street Ferry. iP^^^^^^^
S4STA FEIXPRFSS. ||§|i
To Chicago via A. & I* . VSESsJifSo^J'Tl^
Direct Line V*fiS<JJa^p*-*E3gJ
Leaves every, day at 5 p. m., carry iui;-' Pullman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern tp.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
ana bedding and in charee of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via . Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and St. Louis. . .
Persona ; conducted - Boston Excursions via
Kansas. Cliy, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. . , .
The best, railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery) I
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. ' •
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
> ' •.'' '■'■• Clirouicio .building.
Telephone Mala. 1531.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, * OTira D m ' June 15, 1893. .
-. .••'■:; '' WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San- Kafael — 7:00. *B^oo •
•9:lb 10:15, 11:15, a. m.: 1:15, 3:20. 4:15,
-6:16, *>i:OU. .:85 p. M. ,
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
. day* and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. M.
*;■■■.- • SUNDAY!). 
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00, *9:0!),
. •10:00, 11:3Ja. m.;**l2:3j. *2:15,*4:00,
6:80, 6:46, 8:30 p.m. Kxica. trip to HausaiUoat
; 11:00 a. M. ::■ .. : •. "
Trains marked * run to San Qnentin. ••12:30 ■
-v. M. does not nin to Mill Valley. ; .
'> -i" ' THROUGH TRAINS.
• ' For Point Reyes ana way atuilons— a. m.
Rundavg. : : - * ■
' For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way stations.—
8:00 A. M. Sundays; 1:45 V. m. weekday*.
MILL VALLEY AXD MOUNT TAMALPAIS
, ■■. t mm RAILWAY.
ON AND AFTER THURSDAY. AUGUST 27,
train will connect with North Pacific Coast
Railroad as follows: Week: Days leave San Fran-
cisco 11:45 A. m. t returning i arrive .In Sa 11 Fran- '
Cisco 6:30 P. M. Sunday: l>vavt> San Francisco 9
a. m. and 1:30 p. m. ; returning arrive In San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 P. m. Tickets can be secured '
in advance of -m "■> - - ■ ■ • ."■..•.-•:.- - ■ : - « --; •■; ;;
.~- ? THOS.- COOK A SOX, 621 Market St.
COSMOPOIjITAX.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and ' 102 Mfth St., Saa
Francisco, Cat.— The most I select ■ famllv - hotel la I
the city. Board and room 91, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according . to room. Meals 23c. Rooms 5Oo '*
and 75c a day. ,- Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cua-
mopolitan Hotel. \\ jL i'AUJt; , proprietor.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE M.AKKJST:*.
Silver lower.
Large shipment Of Leather to J apan.
Wheat weaker.
Other Cereals dull
Hay In excessive supply.
Flour goes freely to the Orient.
No business in Beans.
stuffs unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions as before.
Dairy Products and Eggs steady.
Poultry rather firm. •
Fruit market in good shape.
Grapes and Melons dull.
Oranges nominal.
Provisions quiet.
Tin Plate lower.
Wool still neglected.
I".T p'HIIHT Ilin.
The arrow flies with '.lie wind. The top figures
It station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; tbose underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connrct poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means hisrh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompxnied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmet
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department op Agriccl
tt-be. Weather Bi-biav. Sax Francisco, Aug.
27, 1896, SP. M. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following,maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 68. Fresno 98, San Diego 72, Red Bluff
90, San Luis Obispo 94, Yuma 98, San Francisco
65, Los Angeles 82. . ' .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 56.
minimum 52, mean 58.
An area of low pressure is central this evening
in Northern Nevada, while the highest pressure is
reported from Northwestern Washlnston.
Showery weather has pr -vailed- to-day throughout
Washington and in Arizona. Rain is still faKing
in Arizona. The wea her is partly cloudy In Utah
and conditions are favorable for showers in that
section Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight August 28. 189tJ:
Northern California— i- air Friday: warmer In
the extreme northeast portion: fresh north
westerly winds, brisk to high on the. northern
coast.
Southern California— Occasional showers in the
south portion to-night and Friday mornine, fair in
north portion: warmer in the extreme southeast.
portion: brisk westerly winds.
Nevada— i artly cloudy Friday: cooler in the ea*t
portion, slightly warmer in th extreme west por
tion.
Utah— Cloudy and occasional showers Friday.
Arizona—Showers and thunderstorms to-night;
Fjiday partly cloudy: warmer at Yuma.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday: brisk
to high westerly winds.
W. H. Hammo-v. Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW . YORK, . Iff. Y.,Aug. 27.-The develop
ments in financial circles to-day were generally of
a favorable character, but exerted no influence on
(peculation, which is practically dead for the time
being. The McKlnley letter of accep was re
ceived with lavor. at least that part which referred
to the currency question. More important than
this so far a.« the street Is concerned was the an
nouncement of the engagement of additional
amounts of cold in Europe for shipment to New
York. Posted rates for sixty-day bills were re-
need £ c to $4 83%, bile demand oil. s actually
sold as low as 9 * 8334@4&4. So far as known
nearly $10,000,000 gold has been engaged for
Importation to this country, and good authorities
estimate the inflow during tue next thirty days at
twice this amount On the arrival of this fresh
capital money rales ought to weaken, and this
nsually is a bull argument.
To-day money on call ranged from 6to 15 per
cent until near the cose, when unemployed bal
ances were offered at. 1 per cent. J. P. Morgan <&
Co. were responsible for the break in ' rates from
15 to 6 per cent. While the market for stocks was
In a state of stagnation, the undertone, except for
a slight period, was steady to firm. Western
Union, Chicago Gas and Tobacco were the weak
spots, and at one time showed losses of 18/ g @l3i
per cent. Near tbe close the failure of John B.oou
good A Co. was announced, but as the firm had no
outstanding contracts on the exchange it had no
interest. .
The market ruled quiet and steady in tone, with
prices generally Vifo.% above yesterday's quota
lions. Total sa!e« were only 89, -59 snares, in
:luding 19,000 St. Paul. 14,700 sugar. 8700
Western Union and 6100 Burlington and Qmncy.
Bonds were dull and firmer. Sales footed up
lie unusually small total of $369,000. Chesapeake
md Ohio fives rose 1 to 101; Louisville, New
Mliany and Chicago general fives. 2 to 42; Rock
Island Consolidated trusts fives, 1 to 97, and
V», abash firsts, Ito 101. '
In Government bonds $9000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 113@112%, and $1000 coupon fives
Grain.
FLOUR — Quiet. Spot flour dull, easy, f2 20
g-25: Southern flour unchanged.
RYK FLOUR— Quiet and easy, at $2 25@2 75.
CORMEAL-Quiet. ' ■
BARLEY— Quiet; 49 pounds quoted at 34c f. o.b
, BARLEY MALT— Quiet. . Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— Spot. market quiet, easier. f.od.
171/4 C: ungraded red, 57@68c; No. 1 Northern.
»53 .
Options were fairly active and lost %©« con
reign selling, easier cables and lower West; rai
led ys@V*c on local covering, closing firm at
jife(a.S/(,c below yesterday. December and Septem
ler most active. Slav, b9% c 5 August, 63Vic: >ep
ember, ts3Vic: October, 64y 8 c; .[November, 65% -
December, b6i>4c. ■ * '
CORN— spot lower and active; weak; No. 2
16 Vic elevator. 27»/ 8 c afloat.
Options were fairly active and steady at Vi@%c
tecllne' on weaker cables, free receipts and local
realizing. September and October mest active
Vugust, 26Vic: September, 2614 c; October. 27<a
18c; December, 28y 2 c: May. 31.. **
OATS— Spot," more active, firm. ',
Options, dull, easy. " August, 20y 2 c; Septem
•er, 20% c: October. 206/ B e.
pot prices: >o. '.'. 20% c; No. 2 white, 24c: No. 2
Chicago, 21% c; No. 3, 18c; No. 3 while, 21c
nixed VVesteru. 15@22c; white do, 18@19c; wiltte
Jtate. 18@19c .
I roviuion*.
BEEF— weak. Family, $7 50®8 50; ex
ra, $5 50® > .0; beef hams quiet-, $16@15 50;
lerced beef, dull, weak: city extra India mess,
18 50@10: cut meats, firm, wanted; pickled bel
ies, 12 lbs, 3@53 / ic: 1 Ickled shoulders, SViffl
!%c; pickled hams, 9@9%c.
LAl.lj— Dull, . easier; . v estern steam, $3 70:
ity, $3 40: September, $3 65: refined, dull;
ontlnent, $4 20: ssouin American, $4 70: com
wund, :-%@4VBC
PORK— Moderate demand, ' easy; new mess.
«7 25@8 25. . '
BUlTEß— Moderate demand; fancy steady:
Vestern dairy, 9@l2c: do creamery, 11%@16%c;
O factory. 7%@TlVic; Elgins, 16% c;. imitation
reamery, lO@I2V2C
CHEESE— Moderate demand, easy; part skims,
@sc. .
iCGGS-Cnoice, . fair demand: Western fresh,
2%®16c; do case, $2 50.
FINANCIAL.
;hicago grain, provisions
and new YORK STOCKS.
WtiBELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St.. l eL Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE . - ■ :
63 Market Si, Palace Hotel. ; Tel. Main 6828 .
J. S. I'IUDV, Manager. ,
•tiers instantly executed on latest, market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, s. F.
•U'yQtt yiuvATi; wikk. MtLW york.
- • ■-..">-.
TALLOW— Firm, moderate demand: City, aygc
bid, SVic asked; country, 3i/ B @3S/ B e.
COTIoSSKED Olb-auiet, easy; Crude, 19®
20c: yellow, prime. 223 / i@J3c.
TURPENTINE— Quiet; 4V%@4%.
RlCE— Quiet. Domestic b(a)s^c; Japan, 4®
41/ic.
M OLASSES— Steady, quiet; New Orleans, 27
@37c.
COFFEE— Steady ; 6to 80 points down. August,
$10 20@10 25^; September, $9 85; October, $9 55;
November, $#4C: December, $9 20@9 35: Marcn,
$9 20@9 35; April, «9 35@9 40: May $9 30@9 40;
Spot Kio quiet, steady: No 7. 10%.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady: fair refining. sc;
centrifugal, 96 teat, 3Jy g c: refined, quiet, steady ;
off A, 4 7-16@4V 2 c; mould A, sc; s:andard A,
434 c; confectioners' A, 4f»fec; cut loaf. 53/ g c:
crushed. 63/ s c; powdered, sc; granulated, 4%c;
cubes, sc.
Fruit and I'roduce.
APRICOTS— New, hags, B@9c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 12@14c; nnpeeled, 6Vi@
84c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal. 4s,i<<*6&
RAISINS— 1 wo-crowp, loose Muscatels. S'/i®
4c: do three-crown. SQSifac; do lour-crowu. 6V»c:
do London layers, sfl@l 10; do clusters, 91 2j@
1 40.
HOPS— Quiet. Paciric Coast, 4S>6V4c
WOOL-Quiet. Domestic fleece, 16@23c: puUed,
19(o,31c; it-xas, 7@l2c.
Merchanitiss.
rm iKON-Quiet: steady: American. «1O 26®
12 60.
tOPPEB-Dull; nominal; l«k«». SlO 60@ll.
LEAD-Qulet; domestic. » 2 65(^2 70.
3 IK — Quiet; sin.us. *13 30(3,13 35; platesquiet.
BPELTEK-Qulet; dnmfic, S3 50(3)3 76.
lliHAOil aJkJUUbTS.
CHICAGO. li<i>, Ang. 27.— A slipht wave of
firmness raised prices of wheat at the opening to
day Prominent among the reasons cited for the
improvement were gold Importations by Chicago
banks, encouragement derived by some from the
McKinley letter of acceptance and a firm stock
market. The duration of the strength was short,
however, the fear of the Sep. ember deliveries
assuming Importance as a factor and lnfluen ing
the other speculative options. Fine weather was
reported generally. The receipts were quite
liberal, Chicago having 158 cars and the North
west 486, against 2R7 last Thursday and 699 a year
ago. The Cincinnati Price' Current reported no
material change in crop conditions during the last
week.
Liverpool cables were quiet and steady. Local
Inspections from store amounted - to 114,530
bushels. About the middle of the session prices
broke on local selling, Influenced by raiding of
corn by a prominent professional. Bradstreets 1 it
sued a correction of the figures 01. the world's
stocks given out on Tuesday, making them show a
decrease of 187,000 bushels Instead of an Increase
of 319,000 bushels. Closing Paris cables were 20
to 40 centimes lower far flour and unchanged to 10
centimes hiehei for wheat. Antwerp was 12%
centimes lower and Berlin 2%@23,i marks lower.
Export clearances amounted to 367.349 bushels.
December wheat opened from tOYs to 60c, de
clined to 69c, closing at 59Vi@£>9 3 . 80, %c under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 150
cars.
CORN— Dullness attended with weakness were
about the only features of the market foi corn
early. In addition to the sympathetic feeling of
easiness between it and wheat there was the cus
tomary report by the Cm* innati Price urient,
which to-day stated that crop Indications were
fully maintained during the past week. Specu
lators are fully acquainted with the brilliant crop
prospects, but when reminded thereof generally
sell a little more corn. Liverpool cables were i,4d
lower. Receipts were 452 cars, and 137,2^8
bushels were taken from store. The market was
raided toward noon , by a prominent professional,
prices declining somewhat sharply. Export clear
ances were 295,873 bushels May corn opened at
: ' 4 c, declined to 26@25VsC closing at 253/ c,
3/ 8 , under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow, 705 cars.
OATS— The weakness of the surrounding mar
kets did not affect oats. This market was sold
heavily short earlier in the year, and as the crop
will not fully realize earlier expectations, ' the
short interest takes advantage of every oppor
tunity to cover. The strength of the market is
quite easily traceable to this condition. Receipts
were 312 cars. There were no withdrawals from
store- Export Clearances were 50,573 bushels.
May oats closed Vie under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow, 305 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash ranged from 66 to
6t>y 2 c; Northwestern was Vi<-- premium over
western; September, 66c; December, 70c.
Recepts were 116 cars.
PROVISIONS— An easy Provision market re
sulted from a similar Hog market. Trade was
local and largely professional, with little really at
tractive to It. The same disinclination to assume
the carrying of Pork after aeptember continues to
exist. Toward the close on a little covering,
prices rallied. January Pork and Ribs each closed
unchanged and January Lard 2%c lower.
hUTTaK-The demand for butter continued
urgent and the supply light to-day. The feeiing
was conseauently firm. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras, 16% c: firsts, 14%@15%c;
seconds,' ll@13c; imitations, fancy, 12®.. -tc.
Dairies— Extras, 14c; firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c: firsts, 8(&8%c; packing
slock, 7@7%c; grease, 4@sc
EGGS— Were in heavier supply, and not quite so
firm as they have been. Fresh stock, 11%@12c
9 dozen. .
MONEx— Was firm at 7% on call and 7% on
unit loan* ■ I\ew x oit exchange sold at tl 20 dis
count.
Closing: Prices.
WHEAT — August. 5534 c: SeDtember. 65% c;
December, &9Vi@59S/«c. .
corn— 20V8@'-oSicr September. 20%
@2034 c: May, 258/ B e.
is- September. 153;@15%c; May, IS3/ 4 @
18% c
- JoßK— September. $6 50; January, ?6 67%.
i-AKD— September, S3 30: January, $3 70.
i.it,!:— September, 53 20; January, $3 4.%
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, .111. Aug. 27— The
demand for cattle to-day was quite active, and the
feeling firm. Offerings were moderate. " The sup
ply of hogs was large and under a slow demand:
prices were weak and 5c lower. Sheep were in
fair supply and good demand ; prices were firm.
CATTLE— Receipts. 15.000. Fancy beeves. #4 90
©5 00: choice to nrtme, 1300 to 1800 Ib "steers,
$4 55@4 85: good to choice steers. 12J)Q to IHCO Ib,
M 'Js(oc* 50; medium steers, lOtA) to I*so Ib. $4 00
@4 20: common to fair steers. 960 to 1300 Iba.
*3 50 3 90; rough Western steers, $2 90®
3 40: feeders. 900 to 1200 &>, $2 90@3 65; siocker*
600 to 875 Ib. $2 50@3 45; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 80@3 25; bulls, poor to cnoice. SI 76
f- 75: cows and heifer*, choice to extra. $3 50faj
85; cows, fair to choice, $2 25@3 40: rows,
common to fair canners, $1 20@2 10: calves, good
to choice, $5 60@6 00: calves, common to good,
S3 50@6 50: Texas grass steers. $2 40®3 25.
Texas cows • and bulls, $1 75@2 50; Western can
ning steers, $2 65@4; Western range cows ana heif
ers, $2 00@3 50: milkers and springers, ¥ head,
$20@40; Western range steers, *2 75@3 90.
BUGS— Receipts. '-'6.000. Heavy packlns ana
shipping lots. $2 75663 76: common to choice
mixed, $2 oO@3 40: choice assorted, $3 40©
3 60; light, »3 20@3 60: pigs. $2 00«3 60.
fcJiEKP— Receipts. 13,000. uuerioc to choice,
4 2(0.3 60: lambs. *3aSHO.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. N. V., Aug. 27,-The Earl Fruit
Company, sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Souvenir de Congress, $?@2 05; Bartlett, •
*1 05@l 56: Beaurre Hardy, $I@l 05. Pi urns—
Kelsey Japan, $1 30@l 50: Egg, 90c@«l 10.
Prunes— Gros, 90c@$l 36; German, $1 10; Ital
ian, $I@l 15. Pea hes— White Free, 60c@$l;
Orange Cling, 65@80c; other varieties, .iO@SUi.
CHICAGO. Ili., Aug. 27.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartleus. $1 25@1 65 box and 40c V
half box. Grapes— Tokay , $1 Of(g,l 40 half crate;
Muscats. 90c@l 30: Svveetwaters, 40& Prunes—
Gros, Sl@l 25 iS half crate: Hungarian, $1 05.
Plums— Japan, 60@90c %4 half crate. Peaches—
35@80c * box. : ■■
. ■ NEW VOKa sXOUKI.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*. '
Money on call active at l@iy a ; : last loan at
1% and closing offered at 1%. Prime mercantile
9%. Bar silver, 66% c Mexican . dollars, 613/ 8 @
533/gc; Sterling Kxchanje Is weak, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 83V*@4 833.4 for s xty
days, and $4 83« / 4@4 8414 for demand. Posted
rates $4 83%@4 85%. Commercial bills, $4 Hl@
4 82. Government bonds easier. State ' bonds
dull. Railroad bonds firm. Silver at the : board
was quiet. 1
CXOSIN-n rtocit.%.
Am Tel * Cable.... 78 Norfolk * Wentrn I*A
Atchlson.. 10%j Preferred......... 12^
Preferred Northern Pacific... 9
Adams Express... .l 36 - Preferred.;...;... 15%
Alton. Terre Haute 63 . Northwestern...... 8- a /4
American Express) 05 Preferred......... liiiZ
AmericanTooacco. b6Vi N. Y. Central...... iO-*
Preferred 92 N.Y.,Chlcago<fcS.L. 90
BayStateGas 12 Ist preferred 60 '
Baltimore & Ohio.. 12 Ve ■Yd preferred....' 23
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.&N. H. ; 164
buffalo, Roch AP. 10% N. Y. A New En?. 20
Canada Pacific 6B t N.Y.; Bnsq <fc W... 6%
Canada Southern.. vi, Preferred.....'.... -W&/L
Canton Land 50% Ontario.. . • 11%
Central Pacittc... 12% Ontario & Western 116?
Ches. &0h10....... i.^ l /* Oregon Improvmut y.
Chicago Alton... 150 . Preferred. ■ __
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation IB P '
Chicago. B. Q.... 67 %iOre<:ou Short Lino. 10
Chlcaso&E. 111... 37% Pacific Mall.. 17%
Preferred. 90 Peorla. D. & Evans ls/g
Chicago Gas 50% Plitsbur- A W. pfd 16
Cleve& I'iitsbnrg..l66 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..138
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver - lv.
Consolidated Gas. .187 Preferred. . " IS
C. C. c. & St. Louis 21 Reading. . . .".'.'. <&*/.
Preferred........; 72 RloGrandeiWestn 16 • / *.
Cola Fuel A lroa.. 15% • Preferred . - 40
Preferred .... 90 Hock island! '.'.'.'.'.'.. 53%
Cotton Oil Cert .... Rome WatiOgden. lo7 ■
Commercial Cable. 126 St. L. AB. W 2a/
Dei. Hud50n........ 1168,4 Preferred..;:;::: 7 A
Del.Lack&\Vestrn.l4s SL Pam.;.....;..;. *A%/.
Denver f«A Preferrei....;...1204
Preferred. 38% St. Paul A Dulnth. 13.'.*
--pi5U11er 5........... Preferred... ...... 84
General Electric. . 23 v St. Paul & Omaha. 33
Erie................. 11% Preferred......... 115
.Preferred......... 26™ Bl P. M. & it..:" 103
Fort \vayne........ 145 silver Certtncates. 66
« real Northern pfdlO6 Southern Pacino. '. 16
Green 8ay.....;.... % Southern K. X..... , 7
Harlem. 300 1 . Preferred. 18
Hocking Coat -— Sugar Refinery ■.'.■.'. 104%
Hocking Valley.... 1. Preferred. 95
Homestake.;....... 34 'Term. Coal & Iron. 16%
H. & Texas Cent... i Preferred. ..90^
Illinois Otntral..... 86 \ Texas Pad 47/ H
iowa Central....... 6% Tol.A.A.&N.Micli".— —
- Preferreo 22 ,Tol. & Ohio Cent.. •20
Kansas it Texas... 9%] Preferred. . 60
Preferred ..7..;.. 18*4|Tol.8t.Louis& X.C* 5
Kingston* Pern... 3 I Preferred .... :ft ".
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
Lake Erie A Westn Union Pacinc 4%
Preferred 60 |U. P. Den <fc OnU.- iy
Lake 5h0re. ........ ISS^iU. B. Coraage...;.. . 3S/a
National Lead 17^ Preferred.. ........^ tfi/ 4
Preferred......... 76 . ! Guaranteed la
Long Island 65 if. S. Express. ..... 30 .'
Louisville A Nash. 38 U. S. Leather...... 6V4
Louisville. Na&Ca ls,i ■'■ Preferred 431/4
Preferred..... .;:.' ? 4v v - **• Rubber. 15
Manhattan Consol. 761/2 ?Preferrea........ 69
Memphis A Charts. 15 Utica AB. River. .l6o <
Mexican Central... 7 Wab. b. L. A Pao.. 4%
Michigan Central.. 87 Preferred......;.. 12V*
Minn &S. L... ...'..— - Wells-Farg0........ .*U ■ >
Preferred — Western Union 74 Vi
M lnn A St. L com. 11 Wisconsin Central. .13/ 8
- Ist preferred 58 Wheeling &1* JC.. ; ' 5V4
preferred...... 331/2 Preferred.:..;...., 2iy a
Missouri I'aclfla... 16U, Am Cotton Oil pfd. 4iy a
Mobile A 0hi0..... 15 W. U. 8eef......... 5
Nashville A Chatt. t7V«i A ' in Arbor.... 6
National Linseed.. - 16 Preferred..... — —
N.J. Central....... ' 91&5. Brooklyn Traction, lpi^
Kortli American... "4 Erie 2d p1d. . ....... 1434
. cxosino BONDS. ■-.. ■
V registered.. 104% M X T 2ds 48
Do coupon.... 106 Do 45............. 77%
I" 8 4s new, regstrdll2^ Mutual Union 65. ..107
Do 4s, coupon.. ..112WN J Cent Gen 65.;. 111%
Do as 9 lvJ NorthernPaolsts.no
Doss 1081/.! Do2ds ....... 105
Jo 6s. coupon 1081/0 DoSds.... 63
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 1 31
Do 18«7 .....10J- Do deb 5s 104V4
Do 1898.......... 1011 OR&N 15t5....... 105
Do 1899...... ....100 !&tL<fclronMtGenss 69 .
Pacific "550f95....- — 'St LA S F Gen 6s. 99y a
DC3-655..........:109yii5i Paul Consols.... 120
Ala Class A 45..... 100 St PCA Pa 15t5... 109
Do Class B 4, 55.. 100 . I 1 Do Pac Cal Ists. . 110
La Consol 45....... 90 Southern RR 65... 79
Missouri funding... I Texas Pacific lsis. 76
N Carolina con 6*. 110 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 14
Do 4s 9!> Union Pac Ists 96. 98
Ho Carolina 4VaS... 95 I West Shore 45...... 102
Term new 3s 76 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 60%
Va funding debt... 65% R Grande West lsis 06V3
Do registered .— Ches A Ohio b5.... 10]
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcmson 45... 71"/4
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do 2ds A 29
Canada South 2ds. 100 GH ASA 6s 101
Cen Pac Ists of 95. 98 Do2d 75.......... 95
Den AP. Ist IIOV2 HA Tex Cent 65.. 102 :
Do 45.:.. .......... ; -83% Do con 65.. ...... .102
Erie M 5............ 56 Reading 4s 70
Kansas Pa Consols 62 Missouri c*. 100
lk» Paints Den divlOß Alabama, class C. 90
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IV LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Aug. 27.— The spot market
is quiet at 6s 6@ss 7d. Cargoes quiet at . 27s 3d.
FUTUBEB.
The Produce Exchanee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Au
gust, 6s Id; September. 6s »id: October, 5s
li/^d; November, 6s iy a d; December, 6s 2a.
BECUBITIES.
LONDON, Enq., Auk. 27.— Consols, 112.13-16;
sUver, 30 11-16 d: French Rentes, 102f 67y 2 c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 *93, i
New York Exchange, sight .... — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine silver, %* ounce — ' 66%
.Mexican Dollars — 53%
PRODUCE MARKET.
•WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Celilcburn takes for Liverpool
37,024 centals valued at $36,100.
The market is easy and futures are lower. No. 1,
95@97%c ■$ ctl; choice, 98% c; lower trades, 87%
@92% c; extra choice for milling, $I@l 07% $
c.l.
i >' ' CALL BOABD BALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, 99y B e.
second session— December— ooo ctls, 99%&
REGUI.AB Morning Session— December— 6ooo
ctls, 991/4 C. Mjty-2000, f 1 03%.
afternoon- session— December— 2o,ooo ctls,
99V*c: 14,000, 99% c.
BARLEY— The Celtlcburn takes I for Liverpool
13.692 ctls Brewing valued at f 10,500.
Previous prices rule. Feed, 67%@62%c ¥ ctl;
choice bright, 633.4 65c; Brewing. 7-%@
80c & ctl; Chevalier, 60@90c for Na 1,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second sessoin — No sales.
Regulab Mobning session— December— 2ooo
ctls. 68c. .
aftebnoon SESSION— No sates.
OATS— New Oats. 75@82%c; old milling, 87%
fi92%c: fancy feed. 9 4 /y2<s9sc: (rood to choice,
s@9uc: common 10 fair, 7-J%(gi77%c; Gray, Bi>
©87% c; Surprise. 95c@$l 0^V 2 . , .
COK.N— Sales are few and small. Large Yellow
quotable at 87Va@92%c ~$ ctl: Small Hound do,
90@92%c * ctl: White, 72%@761/ic.
Continues dull at 70@72%c ~<s CU for old
and 62%(a65c tor new.
BUCKvv HEAT— Nominal at 85@95c ¥ ctl.
FLOUR AND MItLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 23,654
this. Net cash prices are as follows; '. Family
extras, * 3 60@3 70 '£ bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@3 60; superfine $2 75@3.
CORN MEAL. KTC— Feed Corn, 19 50@20;
Cracked 1 orn. $20 50@21 y, ton.
MILLSTUFF —Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, *2 10;
Rye Flour, *2 60; Rice Hour, 86 76; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, $2 75: < atmeal, $2 90; Oat
Croats, f3 50: Hominy, $3 10@3 30: Buckwheat
Flour. $3 10@3 30: Cracked Wheat, »2 76: Fa
rina, $3 60; Whole Wheat Flour, »2 30: Rolled
Oats, $3 60; Pear! Barley, *3 50; Split Peag, $3 20:
Green do, $4 10 $ 100 lbs.
HAY AND FJSEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 50 for the best and $12@12 60
9 ton for outside brands.
MJDDLINGS-?15@16 V ton for lower grades.
and $17@18 t* ton for the best. V
FEEL-STUFFS— Rolled Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 "f, ton: jobbing, 922; clipped
Oats, 97%c@?l 05 V ctl.
HA V— lt is the old story— a weak and heavily
stocked market. Wheat .is quotable at $7(alO
1* ton; Wheat and Oat, $6 6(J@9: Oat, Sow."-
Barley. $6(§,7; liver Barley, $4 50@5; Alfalfa,
$5 60@6 60 lor second and $4 6t'@s for first cut
ting: compresssd $6@9; stock, $4@5; Ciover,
95 50@7 50. .»«*..
STRAW— 3O@4Oc ? bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos, 90c@$l $ ctl; Small Whites,
$I@l 10 Tft ctl; Pea, $l(ail 20 %i ctl; Large
Whites, 90c@$l $ ctl: Pink, 65®75c * ctl:
Beds, $1@1:15 * ctl; Blackeye, »1 15@1 40:
Red Kiaiii-y, nominal; Limas, $2652 36; But
ters, $I@l 25.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 50@l 75 $ ctl;
Trieste, $2 25@2 75 "$ ctl; Yellow Mustard, fl 50
@1 75; Flax. $1 50: Canary, 2V4028AC fk Ib: Al
lalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%c %* 1b; Hemp, 3%c. . .
DRIKD PKAMI 10@l 40 $ ctl for Sues and
91 25@1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — The market is cleaning up
rather better. Sweet Potatoes are quotable at
1%@1% Ib; Garnet Chiles, 6o@6sc '■$ c 1; Early
Rose, ■ 2c@36c; . Burbank Seedlings, 25@35c for
Rivers and 7. @87% c for Salinas. • < • .
ONIONS— DuII at aO@3sc; Pickles, 50c fy ctl.
VEGETABLES— Com is selling lower than at
any lime this season. Tomatoes keep up. Marrow
fat Squash is quoted a". $13@$8 3 ton; Green Corn,
2O@»s'oc '$ sack: Alameda Corn, 76c@$l 9
crate; Berkeley ■ Corn :is quoted at 35@60c
fi box; Summer Squash, 15@25c for Bay: Egg
Plant, 25@40c: Tomatoes. 40(j050c for. Rivers and
40@75c tor Bay: Alameda Cucumbers, 20®30c;
Pick es, l@l%c * ib for No ' 1 and 35@51)c %i . ctl
for No. 2: Green Peppers, 26@35c%t large box for
Chile and 25@35c for k ell: Green Peas, 25@50c
$ sack for common and 2(<v2%c f>. Ib for Garden;
hiring Beans, 25@50c 9 sack for common and 'J@
2%c V Ib lor garden: Limas. 75c@$l V- sack;
Green Okra, 25@50c 9 box: Cabbage, 40c %J ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c D sack; Garlic, %@i:c ¥ Ib. ■
POULTRY AND GAME:
POULTRY— A car of Eastern will ' be offered to
day.
California stock Is firm, and extra: choice Hens
and yonng Roosters v sell . over ■ the : quotation-).
Live Turkeys - are quotable -.: at 14 @ He
for Gobblers. lH@lsc for nens: young Turkeys,
16@18c; Geese, pair, $.@1 25: Goslings, $1 25C^
150; JUucks, $3@3 60 *& ■ doz for old and f 3 soig
5 for young; Hens, $4(§)5 60; Roosters.- young,
94@5 50: do, old, $4<a4 60; Fryers, $3 50@4:
Broilers, $5@3 50 for large and 92 25@2 60 for
small; Pigeons, $1 60&2 ft doz for youag and 91 50
for old. 9)*4iM*aW'**to^SMflßHinKMMMHßi
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market is steady with moderate
supplies. ■ ', tfS^fesi&BtieiiS*
. Cbeameby— Fancy, 18@19c, with sales at . 20c;
seconds. 17@17%c F* Ib. ■ . .
Daisy— Fancy, 17@l8c V ib: good to choice,
15%@16y 2 c; lower grades, 13@15c.
Pickled— 1:')@17? ~s. Ib. *
; ; Firkin— l4(gilsc |4 Ib. -:: . -'■■■
 CHKi- SK- Fancy mild new, 9c $ Ib: common to
good, 6%@.8%c: Cream Cneddar. 10@llc: Young
America, 9ta)lOc; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
n@i3c^ ib. » ■'. '.■■.'■■■/,■ ■'■'■■
: EGGs — ' market ■-" shows no particular
change. Ranch rule , firm. Orreon. lo@14c;
Eastern. 14(a)15c: store Egcs, 12@14c for ordi
nary and 16@17%c for good; r.inch Eggs, 1?@
23c: cold-storage ■ ranch, 1 17@18c; n Duck ' hggs,
16@17 AOZ. . . -■■ ■:. ■;■■ -~, ;■:
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-
The market is now in good shape, being lightly
sopplied, ana good stock sells off readily.
. • Quinces, 40@50c 9 box.
Nectarines, 75' f> box. .
: Peaches, 35@75c 14 box, 25@50c V. basket: 915
@20 ii». ton for frees nud's26@3o for dlnus ■
■ Plums. - 25(536c *'■ 1.0.x and 35@50c ; ft crate;
H nlte in bulk, K2O@2J 5.» v* ton; Japanese Plums,
25(a40c: Prune-;. Xi>(a,%\)c V box. .••';: •.-■;
App es, 7o(@sl %* box for choice and 40@60c
for common. . '
; ( r.tb iDp'fK. .VftJ'^ic box.- ;
, -Pears; -Mta-W V box; Bartlelts, 30@60c f, box
and $12 50® 1 6 50 f> ton. • , v .
. Figs, 2&(fa,suc ' <s i box for white and 35@75c for
black, double layers. . • , .
BERRIi-.-— ■- •-.,/ .- : ..',; ,
. strawberries, $4@"> V chest for Long worths and
«2's3 50 for large berries. -
-- t!aspberrie3, *'-' sf'@Vf! chest. ' V
.-• Blackberries. $2@ ft '-nest. I
.- Huckleberries, A&7c 1* Ib. - ; : • ■ •■■
-GRAI'ES-t.oniinue dull. Seedless,. 4o@soc f,
box; Isabellas, $1 7t@2 crate: Tokays, 40@60c
1* box: Black Grapes, 255 50 c 9 box: Muscats, 25
IjfiDOc p( box- waters and-Fontalnebleaux,
20^3r>c fH box; Grapes in crates bring 6@loc more
than in boxes. ■• -' J -'■ •- ■'-'":•■■ -- •
MELuN.-— All kinds are in good supply. Water
melons. ; $4@iu -^ 100; : Cantaloupes, . 20@50c »
crate : Nmruees,' 15@^5c ?. box.'. , >' :
.'CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges > are nominal
at $2@3 for Va! enclas and ,$1 50@2 •; «i» box
for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, - $1642 %* dox
for common and S2 50@3 for good to choice: Mex
ican Limes as' i?, $3 box: repacked, $5@7: Cali
fornia Limes. 75c@$l 50: Bananas, $I@2 3
bunch; Pineapples, £2@3 50 'f> doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
- DRIED FRUIT a- . :
New York advices say that ! California Apricots
are being exported to Europe, and dealers there
expect to ship away a good many of our : Prunes
also later on. ■ ■ • - •' '
••■• Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:. , s : . ■■" :
Carload Lots— New Apricots, 6@6i4c in swat
box, 6@7c Hlb f. o. b. coas and B@9c fancy
Moorparks: new Prunes. 3^c: new Peaches, 3%c
i* i- in the sweat-box and 4@4V2C f. o. b. toast. .
Jobbing Pbices— New VeachtfS."4i4@sc; fancy,
5 %c; new Apricots, 6@7c; new evaporated Ap
plt-s, 6y @tsc %t lb; old cranes, 3c for four sizes:
new Fins, black. 2^3c tor unpiessed mid 3@3Va
for pressed: white ilsb, £ @4c; Plums, ; BVaol4c
for pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; new Nectar
ines, 4@sc 9 Ib for prime to choice,
RAISES— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
O. b., Fresno: Four-crown, loose, 33 / 4@4c: 3-crown,
loose, 3ViC; 2-crown, 2^ic 9 Ib; seeuiess sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, 1 3 ic; 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c f, box: clusters. $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@l! 76 ■
. - Jobbing Pbicks— crown, loose, 4 Vic: 3
crown, 33,4 c; 2-crown, 33/ c"s tt>; seedless Snl
tanas, 4c %i lb; seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90e; clusters, $1 50@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, 2 75. -, : -
NUTS— Quo ations are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c 9 : Ib for Languedoc,
■ i* Ib for hardshell and 9@loc %4 Ib for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c % lbfor Eastern and
for California; Hickory Nuts, 6@tic ¥ lb;
Pecans, 7%@80; Filberts, 7 Vb©Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7Va@Bc 9 IE; Cocoanuts, *4@5 * 100.
■ HONEY— comb, 10@12y 2 c for br.ght and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@sy a c;
light amber extracted, 4V2@4%c; dark amber, 4@
4Vic; aarK, 2@3c %i Ib.
i>EESWAX-Dull 26c 9 lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6%c
for heavy, 7V2C H Ib for light medium. 9ia9V 2 c
for light, l(J@llc for extra lleht and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12fiil2i/2C:
California Hams, 10@llc * Ib; Mess Beef, , $7(a>
8: extra mess do, $8: family do. $10: extra
prime' Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear, $13 %< bbl;
mess, $11 60@12 '$ bol; smoked Beef, 10c 9 lb.
lARD- Eastern , tierces Is quoted at 4 Vic $ lb
for compound and 514 c for pure; palls, 6c fi Ib;
California tierces,' 4Vis c for compound and 61/2° :or
pure; ha f-bbls, 63^.c; 10- lb tins, 6 Vic: do 6-tt>,
6y 2 c"o lb. y *. '
COTTOLENE— 6VB@6VaC in half-bbls and 63^®
71/8 3 tt> in 10- lb tins. '■
lIIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted . steers
are quoted at 6c $ Ib; culls ' and brands,
S@5VsC 11 . Ib; medium, 5c fi; Ib; culls' and
brands, 4@4vic "<s> : Ib; ■ light, : 4c; : culls and
branas, s@3y 2 Cowhides, 4@4%c: culls and
brands, 3@4c; salted Kip, 4c; salted Calf, 6c $ Ib:
salted Veal, ; sc; dry Hides. 9@9Vic:> culls and
branas, 7c; dry Kip and Veal,7@Bc; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, 12@14c; • culls, «@9c; Guatskins. 20©
860 each: Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
25(a,27y 3 c: medium, 15® 2V 2 c: winter, 7@loc;
Sht-epskins, shearings. 10al5c each: short wool,
20@35ceach; medium, 40ra60ceach: long wools,
50@60 each. Culls of all kinds about Vie less.
• 'i ALLOW— No. . I,' rendered, "JVifaac; No. 2,
2i,4c; refined, 434(ij/sc: Grease, 2c f> Jb. : .;
WOOL— A lo ai circular says: "Ail the scouring
establishments are closed. So outlet f r wool of
any description. No chance to do business in a
liberal way because of the condition of the money
market, And even if money -could be obtained or
speculative purposes there would be no inclination
to speculate, because most of the woolen mills of
the East are closed. -The outlook for wool is" worse
at the moment than It is for any other commodity,
and It would seem as: if tne only thing that can
help it will be a sneedy return to a tariff on - wool
and woolens. - No sales." Humboidt-and Mendo
cino Is quotable at 10@llc * Ib; Valley Ore
gon, 10@llc $*;lb: dc- lower grades, - 8@10c:
Nevada, 6@B^c; San Joaquin and .Southern
Coast, six months, 4@6c; ban Jouquin, foothill,
good to choice, 6^2®?%°: San Joaqnii, year's
fleece. 4(g*6i/.>c; northern free, 7@9c; do defective,
5(g.6i/2<; "$ lbT
Hups— Nominal. at 2@ic ¥ Ib for 1895 and 6c
for 1896. .-' -'
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4V2@Bc; second do. 4@
4y 3 c: third do, 31/2 C%i lb- '
V AL— Large, 4@sc ; small, s@6c '$ Ib
MUTTON— Wethers, 4y a @sc; Ewes, 4@4y a c
¥ »-•
LAMR— S@6C H lb. ■
PORK— Live Logs. 3c $ Ib for large and 314 c
for small and medium ; dressed do, 4Vai^sV4c %4 Ib
GENERAL 3IEKCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 25: San
Quenui., $4 'JO; Wool Kates. l?4i/ 2 @26y s c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 i* ton ; r New Wellington,
$8 $ ton: Southfield Wellington,; $7 50 "#>. ton;
leeattje, $5@5 50: Bryan;, S5;" i oos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, $7 60; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, 13 SO ~s>. ton In bulk and $15 in sks-.
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 11 $ ton: Welsh
Anthracite, $9: Cannel, $7. 50; i-ock Springs,
Castle Gate and . Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 In bulk and $13 "p ton in sks. ■ .
LEATHER— shipment of 165 rolls, valued at
$6090, to Japan. , .
»UUAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 5s/ 8 c: Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 434,0; .confectioners' A, 434 c: : Magnolia A,
43/gc; ExiraC,4Vic. Golden C, 4y 8 R; half barrels.
Vie more than barrels, and boxes V^c more. ■
lIN PLATE— is lower at $4 iO(a,4 50 spot, and
$:i BS@4 to arrive.
RECEIPTS OP PRODUCK.
FOR 24 HOURS. ,
Flour, qr sks.... 4,670 E res, doz 17,820
Wheat, ct15...... 12.020 Hides.no.... 351
Barley, c:ls 8,530 1 Pelts, bd15....... 95
Rye, ctls... 400 Wine, ga15....... 44,600
Beans, sks 1.6801 leather, r0115.... 83
Potatoes, sks.... l,0»3 Wool, bi5........ 28
Onions, 5<5...... 270 Sugar, bb15...;.. 3,250
Bran. sks 84*> Flaxseed.'sks... --40
Middlings, sks... 305 Hops, bi5........ 36
Hay, t0n5........ v - Lime, bbls 441
Butter, ct15.....; 190 Lumber, M feet.. •• 80
Cheese, ct1....... 12r ■ :.
• — • — »
THE STOCK MARKET.
Values were rather rli mi r in mining stocks yes
terday, owing to the news that work had teen re
sumed in the south drif: on the MOO level or the
Chollar-Brunswick ground and that the excavation
of a station had begun at the 400 foot vertical
point In shaft 1, preparatory to opening a new level
at that deuth.
No ore was hoisted from the £avaga mine during
the past ; week. ,: Some /ore , of fair grade is being
broken down from the tenth floor of the upraise in
east crosscut 3on the 850 level. The usual ', pros
pec.tiig work continues at other points on the hSO
level, and also on the 750 and 950 levels. '■- On the
Brunswick lode, 00 the 800 level, the joint north
drift from •shaft 1 has been advanced 252 feet, at
«hi li length it reached the south boundary of the
bayage mine. Th face Is in soft porphyry. This
drift has been timbered up to the. line. ■ : - - 1 ■ , .
The seveir and Steamboat mining companies of
Utah have levied -merits of 5 and li/4 cents
per share, respectively, delinquent. In their, offices
September 9 and 24. ..'■--/ . ■'
The Deadwood Terra Mining Company of South
Dakota paid a dividend of 60 cents per share this
month. -.:':.. :•- -.- '.: : :'. ; ' . : .
. .The joint Confidence, Challenge and Imperial
west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel is out 670
feet, having Leen advanced thirteen feet dining
the past week. Tlie face sliows porph/ry. .
;■"■* The crown Point mine, owing; to the 1 tailing off
of the water in the Carson River, and the conse
quent closing down of the Mexican mill, suspended
work on the evening of. August '11. , Shipped to the
Mexican mill 172 tons and 390 pounds of gold ore
for a test. 1 Have received no returns during the
week. ■ . . .: ,-,;■ -. .; . , r: .y- !■-/•..■ ■■ . ■
The Belcher mine yielded sixty mining-car loads
of ore during the past wee :, the average assay of
the same beinc $25 39 per ton.
he yield of the segregated Belcher mine for the
past wfeK was. twenty-eight mining-car loads of
on-, assaying $29 92 per ton. . , .
Ihe _ Confidence mine, during the past .week
yielded eight mining-car loads of ore of the aver
age assay value of *18 96 per ton.: *
- Ihe yield 01 the Overman mine for the 1 past
week was ten tons , of ; ore iof i the 1 average assay
value of $27 63 per ton. The ore came fioin small
seams w hich *re being followed in the north drill
on the 900 level. - -
BOARD BALKS.
:. Following were the soles in the San Francisco
StocK Board yi-sterday :-.... . ;;,
;BEOCIVAR: KOBNINO'. SESSION, COMMKNCINB 9:30.'
5 " 0 A ll *---. -.10 400 Ch11r.... 2.05, 10 90
\?'., £" d **--3<2 OCi.\vV:;.l.Bs 30USavai{....-.6tt
iim £ el . < i llw ---20 200 HAN...1.3i1200 S iNer. ...43
»0f»e.....6t 50 .....—; I.JJuiIOO Union. ...S3
300 Bullion.. ..18 00uccidt;....62l
- AFTKBNOON SESSION— 2:3O. '■ ■-■ '
m?. 5 * B -l-«BjlO0 H&i\...1.35i20J P0t05i. ;:,.90
|«" 80die.....6l 10J iixcn.....63 15U 8ar. .;..'.". 53
on.;::", 60 loooccid;.:r.BBloo Uni0n.. ..33
20\) Choir. 100Uvrmn....13 100 Utab....:.07
;' Following .were'- the sales'! in the Pacific - Stock
Board yesterday :?- " ' -
■'■' BKOCI.AB SESSION— IO:3O.
400 .'Alpha.-.-..06 1000 C lnt|i ..82 10; Overman. l 3
200 Andes....bl2 jO C Pomt_..2b- oSU Potosl 90
1600 «lchr....2sMH> Kxcnqr- .OH6JO •.: .......91
300 jb<ftß.i.o7%9iM) UifcO..:--.'-; 65 200 ........:. .88
60U /, 1 i Ob 1 400'Hit«;r.l.S5 700 5av«......56
200 Ca1ed......1i a Julia.. 07|4U0 :...-..... 64
'inn Cnall 37200 Justice.. ..05 Scorplon.o6
300 «.n0ir... 2.05,400 aiex.-;.Ti..52 200 58AM..V.09
100.:.. ■.....; 2.00 300 Occd 62 ! 300 Nv...;.:43
100 CCV....L 861800 -.•r:;::.;-.-;.-.63|20ii union.. .-.-.33
60 conn.. r... 84 200 -r.;.-.r:...'. 641.100 U-ah 08
60 ;;.T....:..82 25J 0ph1r.:...98 1 20U V Jci£L....3l
. AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.. -. I
200 Alnha 06:250 Cholr2.o2Vi 400 Occd ;..... 64
200 A1ta....V.08100 ...... 2.05 200 ...V..... -.63
400 Andes 31U50 CCV.1.82y 2 500 0vrmn....13
400 Beicner...2s 200 ...... I.Bi- 600 Potosi 90
100 B «fc8....1.(>5 100 COnrl 82 400 «Jay ...... 62
100 -;7T: 1.07V 2 1000 Con 1m..0'.» 200 ......;.... 64
100 Bodie... .64 200 C Point. ..25 500 Scorpion..os
150 ;.;.;. v.v..6i 300 a & c.v; 53 200 SBAM...D9
250 ...... 60200 HAN 1.32% 300 5KV......42
300 Bullion... o7lVJoJ Mxcn 58200 Union C...42
100 8u1wer....38100 Mono 20 150 Utah 07
200 Cha1ng. .. 361300 Ophir 981300 V JaOJfi<H..3l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
■I THURSDAY, August 27—4 p. M.V.
■ £id. Asked. '■ : . Sid. Asked.'
Alpha Con. ... 04 06 Jackson* ....... 25 —
Aita. ■■- ... 08 09Jolia :..;...— 08
Andes...'! 30 32 Justice. 04 06
8e1cher........ '24 26 Keniaek. ....... 06 06
Best A Belcher 1.05 1.10 Lady Wash.... .-■— t'4
Benton C0n.... — 20 Mexican 62 63
80die. ......... — 60 M0n0'.......... — 21
Bullion 07 08 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. .... 34 36 Occidental. .... 63 64
Caledonia. 10 , 11 0phir........... ; . 96 97
Chollar :v:~ .2.06 ' 2.10 Overman-.'.... 12 ' 13
Coii.Cal<ftVa!..l.Bo I.B6|Potosi 89 90
Challenge .Con. 35 37j5avage.. ....... 52- 63
Con. imperial. 02 0515c0rp10n. ...... — 06
Confidence 80 85 seg. Belcher... 08 10
Con New York 04 -Syndicate.;... — 04
CrownPolnt... 26 26 Mlver Hi 11.... - 03
EastSlerra — C 4 sierra Nevada. 41 42
Eureka Con... 25 — Union Con .33 34
Exchequer.... 03 04 Utah........... 07 08
ooula«K curry. 62 63 Yellow JacK»U 30 32
little&Norcrs.l.3o 1.35 :.-*. '
GOLD MIMXi KXCHAXGE.
t •'.'•. Champion Savannah..'..,..
Bid ;; ..1800 A5ked. ............... 48
Asked ......26 00 700 Hebasiopol 35
Edna... '• Thorpe .........
Asked..... j 36 Bid ....;...... ...... 60
Grant. A5ked............... 85
Bid 35 100 80die....;...... 69
Asked 4C WO Best A Belcher 10
Keystone 100 Bulwer ........ 35
Bid ........,;. ..65 00 100 Con Virginia... 190
Kennedy....... 200 Ch011ar. ....;... 2 05
Bid » 8 60 200 Hale A Norcrs. 30
Asked 10 0(1 100 0Dhir. ...... ... 98
600 Lock wood Con.. 'M Occidental
100 .................. 31 IMd. 80
Princess......... 100 P0t05i.......... 86
AsKed 70 100 Savage „ 67
• •■- Providence..... '- " : ~
A5ked... ........ ....80 00
. r«CAI. BKCDHITITES.
Asked Spring Valley Water............... 95 00
Bid San Francisco Ga5....:.. 85 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Aug. 27— P. M.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Sid. Asked. :"■'••■: Sid. Asked.
US coop.. 105% - US re*... - 107%
Do new lf>suelliy 2 112
.LLASKOUS BOVtV*.
CaJ-AtCbles*. — 111': PocßoHßlS* - _
CalElecLSs — . 118^lDo 2d Is 65... — —
CntraCWss — 93 PAOKy6I. — 118
Dpnt-stex-cp — 98 P&Ch Ry6s. — 107y 2
EdsnLAPßs — 120 Pwl-st RRBs. — 116 V,
F&CHKK6S. — 1061/2 Reno, WIAL — 106
Gcary-stßss. — 107 Sacto P&L. . — 102 V 3
LosAngLOs. — 9» FAN PR ss. 95 87%
DoUnteed6s — 96 SPRRAriztts — 87
Mkt-stCbleßs — 121 6PRRCaI«s. — 110y a
DoßyConSs.. — SPRllCal ss. — ■ : —
NatVlnSslst 96 — SPBrRUaIBi ■— : 99 V* ;
NevCNgß7s. «*» 105 SVWater6s..llß 118y a
NPCRR63.IDO - SVWateris.. 96% 97Va
NRy Cal 6s. - 100 StktnG&Eßi — 100
NBy CaJ 6s. — 100 . SunsiT<feT6s. < — ■ — •'■
Oak Gas 55.. 102 — Suuer-stßss. 106 110 •
Lo2d id 65.. 101 ~ 104 ' Vlsali*WC«4 — —
Oiuuibua os. 116 — v .. ':'•„:' ;-"^-v :
WATKR STOCKS
Contra Costa — - ■', 40 (Ban J05e..... — . , — •'.
Maria C 0.... 50 — JKprngValler 9*%, 9514
•--;'". ' AH STOCKS..
Capital 17% SO 1 Pacific Llsrhfc - 49%
Centra! .9* — I San Francsco 86% — ,
UakOLAU 51 52 Stockton..... — 20
Pac Uaslnip. 80 • — |
'  . >INSUBANCIS STOCK*.
Fireman's Fd 165 167%|Sun :..-....'... 25 60
• f OMMKKCJAI, RANK STOCKS
Aroerß&TC — — |LondonPcfeA.l23 —
Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 London&SF. — 27%
Bank of (.Hi.. — 234. Merch Kx... 12 —
Cal 8 D«tTCol08%112 Nevada....... — —
FlrstNationi. — ; lbO ; SatherßCo. . — —
. . : miaw BANK STOCKS.
Her S&IiCo ; 1260 1260 Say Loan. . -. 100 "•
HumbS<fcL.Uoo 1450 Security .... — : 276
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 750 —
BFSavUniou t — 480
■■■ BTBKET RAH,ROAr>«TOf7^.
California.... — 10s Oak SL&Hay —100 .
Geary-st. — 65 Presidio;.... 7 - —
Market-si *0y 8 41 Suuer-sl — —
iOWDEK STOCKS. ■
Atlantic D... 15 — [Giant Con..'.; .16%. — •
Eastern D... 70 — Judson D.... — —
California.... 70 — Ivtiorlt. — 90c
:"": MISCELLANEOUS STOCK*. -
Alaska Piers. 89 — Nat Yin Co.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic — 30
Cnl Cot Mills - — Pac A FA 1 —
Edison Light llOS/gl 11 I'acEoraxCo. 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. SO 100 Parf PalntCo •;6%:' 7%
HawC&SCo.. 151/ 4 16%PacTr^nsCo. — 24
nutchSl'Co 20 20% Pac TAT Co. 72 78
MerKxAssn.lOU 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
11 Klec Light — 4% United C Co. • — s»:
BALKS— MOB.Vi.VJ BiSSliJ*...
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 90 00
10 Edison Light* Power C 0...... 110 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial 15 00
50 Uutchinson 8 P C 0....:.... ....20 00
10 8 F Gaslight 86 75
Street —
15 Edison Light* Power Co ........... 110 00
20 -s F Uasligm ........ 86 50
$4000 Sutter-st Railway 80nd5..... 106 75
BALKS— AKTJCKKOO* d XSSI OX. -
Foard—
25 Edison Light A Power C 0............ 110 60
14 do do ..........:.... .....;;.. 110 87%
40 BFOasllsht...... 86,75
60S V Water ...... .......■.:.:...;...... -95 00
Street— '."■"•
10 Alaska Packers' Association ..... *90 00 1
20 Market-st Railway 4100
10 SV Water.....................:...... »5 00
An Heroic Kennedy.
There was once a little girl who was so
very intelligent that her parents feared
she would die.
But an aged aunt, who had crossed the
Atlantic in a sailing vessel, said: "My
dears, let her marry the first man she falls
in love with, and she will make such a
fool of herself that it will probably save
her life."
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1898.
lv.
Mo.
Tu.
W.
Th.
Fr.
IS*.
Moon's Phases
1
€Las; Quarter.
Augjst 1.
i
3
4
5
6
7
8
©New Moot,.
August 8
I 9
10
ii
12
13
14
15
— !
i
3 Firs: Quarter
- August 15 i
| 16
17
18
10
20
31
n
23
24
25
• -
2S
27
* -i
28
29
. ; Full Moon.
-sJ , August 22
/s"sLast Quarter.
'^■/jffAngndt ol_
I ■
30
! si
OCEAN STEAMERS.
tint e« of Prparlurc From Sun Fntnclxeo.
STEAMER | DESTINATION. |
SAILS.
| PIER.
Orizaba.
Acapulco....
*r»*0.....v.
Corona
Australia....
Pomona. :..";
Weeott-...
State ot Cal.
Eureka ....
Trucwee ....
CitrPuebia..
Sunol :v,.. 7.
Empire.... .
Santa Kosa.
J»ralloD..V r
Rio Janeiro.
Coos Bay.: . .
Columbia..
Mexico
Panama. ......
i.<io» .8ar..'...;
San 1nec0. ....
H0n01u1u......
uumooidtßar
Kel Hiver
fom«n.l. »..'..
.NawDort ;...;.
COO 3 8ay......
Vie & P«t siw
Urays Harbor
Oregon ports. .
-San Diego....:
1 aanlna Bay..
China & Japan
NawDor: ..v;;.
Portland .;....
Aug-M.JOAM
A i;c 28,12 M
Auk2B.lUaM
Aug29.llAii
Auk 29.10 am
Au)i29, 'Ira
Ans:::O 9asi
Air,- :u.
Au?3l. Van
Sept. 1,12 m
sept 1. Bam
sept 8.13 M
Sept 2.12 M
Sept. 2. 11am
, ept;3," 9 ah
Sept ' 3, ; 3pm
s.-pi 4. 9am
Sept 5.11UM
Pier 11 -
PM SS
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier .•
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier I I
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 2 -
Pier 13
Pier LI
Pier i
PAIS S
Pier 11
I'W-r it
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
. T- R Coabt Aicn Gkodrtic PrrBVKT Tn>»)
Bnr-LKTis Published by Official : V
authority Or TJIB SUFKBIN-TKXDKXT. )
i Frldav. August 28.
80n r15w.'. '„■'. A... ..." 6. 38 1 i100n rls»i . : . . . 8.62pm
Bun 5eta.... ..;.... ..:tt 45). M00n s*t»:;.. ','.-- "■
Aug: wst— lß96.
i Time
5 ii \V
Feet
Time
I. W
Feet
Time
TTav
Feet Ttm< * Feel
I, W
23 ! ; 4.16
30 6.00
31 7.36
. L W
1 0.33
2 ,1.32
9 .9 'J.A
TO
3.9
3.6
3.5
X 34
9.06
9.62
H VV
8.44
9.2f)
9.59
2.1 i 2.30 .6.3 H.-7
2.9 265 ;5.2 10.24
3.3 3.35 5.3 11.23
3.& *4.26 -6.8 ..:...
ft: * - H W
K.{t 11.10 3.6 6.35
4.1 12.44 3.6 6.62
4.4 2.00 3.6) 8.00
i
! Hi
l.v;
1.0
,. H
0.7
5.
6t
6.7
Note— ln the above exposition of the tiiles th*
early morning tides are fcivon j n the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a; to time. The second tlm»
column elves tlm second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, nnd the last or rlgh:
hand column gives the last tide of the day, excepi
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occur*. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
courts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th*
height, and thon the number pivenls subcractiv*
from tho depth given hv : he charts.
HYDRAGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydboobaphic Officr, C. 14 S, V
Merchants' .' t'xcHANot -; ; >
. San. Fbancisco. August 27. 1893. _ ; J.
. The time ball on Telecrupa HU. was aroppe 1
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of i the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time. - •
-'.- -.-:■., .":.:; A. F. Fkcktki.kb, t» ;..' ;
# ■■-._: Lieutenant U. s. N. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAM |
I
Fr(Sm
| Duk
Rio do Janeiro..
City of i'ueoia..
Newsboy ....'..
: Pomona.. ....""
Eure lea... _..
Crticegc Cuy. '..
Del .Norte...' ;.
iWee0tt..........
Tnickee. ........
Empire.;..... „.•
Banta Koul. . ...
Mackinaw ......
Jarnllon..
Coos 8ay...... „
Area ta.. ...■....'.
Walla alia.."
Columola ;:.'.;.■.
Colon. ......
Hanoi. ........._
AniEO ..........
Nona f0rk.....
C0r0na.;.......;
State of Ca 1 .....
China and Japan..'.'.' '..."..
Victoria <& runt: soana ..
Tllla m00k.V. ..........;.. ;
flu mboia: unr.... .....; ..
Jiewijorl.;. :„...-....".... ..
Creie«ac uitr« ....^ .. M - .*.
Grays Haroor „..
iCei Ktver...
Coos Bay „„ M
Oregon ports „ .
f«an ui«?o.. ......... .^. V.
ihf0mt,,,.,,, "
Viifiuins bay...... ...... "
Newp0rt......... *"~ "
Portland **v! * " '
Victoria Pnatet'aoana.'!
P0rt1and. :...;..."...
Panama. """.!*" "
wrays liartwr [;*
Coos Bay
Humboldt Bay...
San Dieeo. "I; "
P0rt1and..;..... ....
Aug2B
AUS 28
AUK MS
A lie 28
A us ■-'»
Aub'J9
Alls 29
Auk 29
Auk 29
Auk 29
AUK 31
Auk 31
Sept ■ 1
sept i 2
Sept I
Sept 2
>ept : -'
Sept 2
Sept " 2
Sept 3
Sept 4
*ept .4
Sept 7
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
':-.,.■ -THURSDAY. August 27.
Btmr Greenwood. Carlson. 14 hours from Green
wood: lumber, to L E White Lumber Co.
" : Stmr. Protection, Ellefsen. 19 hours from Vsal ■
umber and r r ties, 10 Usalße • wood Lumber Co
Stmr Alameda. Van • Oterendorp, 24 days 9
hours from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days, 14 hours
and — mm; pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels A
Bros Co. ...
Stmr , Point ■ Arena, Johnson, 15 hours from
Albion and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
doclno Lumber Co. .
Stmr Corona, Hall, 66 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass ana mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
A Co. :
" Stmr Arago, Reed, 45 hours from Coos Bay, via
Port Orford 36 hours; pass and mdse. to Oregon
Coal and "• ay Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland 21 hours from Monterey,
etc; produce. ■. to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr State of California, Green. 48% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 33% hours; pass and mdse,
to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
' Br stmr Anuandale, Milne, 3 flays from Tacoma:
ballast, to J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
- Snip Yosemlte, Fullerton, 10 days from 'i'acoma;
2878 tons coal, to South Prairie Coal Co.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, 60 hours from Co
qullie River; 120 tons coal, to J S Kimball.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 25 bxs butter, to J H JNewbauer A Co.
CMeare<l.
THURSDAY, Angnst 27.
Brig W G Irwtn, Williams, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A Bros Co. ■
Bark Richard 111, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; B Duns
muir A Sons
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, Hllo; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY, August 27.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. San Pedro. * -
StmrGeo Loomlu Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send. -
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Bragg. -
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Stmr Cleone, Jonnson.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclao.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson.
. Stmr Bonlta, Conway, Newport, etc.
Ship Dashing Wave, Morehouse, Tacoma.
I Ship f-i well, Rvder. Nanalmo.
Ger ship H F Glade, Hae-iloop, Queenstown.
Br ship Celtlcburn, Linkiater, Liverpool
: • Bark Aureola, Van Dalhern.
I Schr C T Hill, Rudback. '
I schr Monterey, Beck, Bo wens Landing.
i ' Scar Bobolink, Nelson, Mendoclno. •
Scar Mary Etta, Zaddart, Fisks Mill.
■ Teiegraphto. . .
POINT LOBOS. August 27-10 P. id— Weather
hazy : wlndNW; velocity. 20 miles.
Charters.
-. The Br stmr Annandale was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe at 37s tid.
.". 'pok<i'i.
July 17— 39 36 S, lone 36 47 E, Br ship So
koto, from London, for San Francisco.
24-Lat 54 25 S. 80 'JO W, ship Roanoke,
from Honolulu, for New York. • ,
:, Domestic Port*. -
NEW WHATCOM-Arrived Ang 27-Schr Al
bert Meyer, hence Aug 9. : ■ • '.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 27— Bktn Planter, hnc
Aug 18. 1 '
Sailed Ang 27— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived An« 22— Schr Maid
of Orleans, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— SaiIed Aue 27— Schr San Buena
ventura, for . Grays Harbor; > stmr Tiliamook, for
San Francisco. '
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 27— Br stmr Altmore,
from Hongkong, via Astoria.
USAL— Arrived Ang 27— Stmr Westport, hence
Ang 26.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 27— Schr J M
Colman, from Nlcolaefskl.
ASTußl A— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco. •
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Rival, tor
San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed July 13— Bark Sil
adon, tor Honolulu. July 26— Br ship Port Caledo
nia, for San Francisco: lial ship Saivatore Clampa
;or >an Francisco. July 27— Br ship Albyn, for
San Francisco. July 30— Br ship Kelburn, for
San Francisco. Aug 26— Br ship Khuddlan Castle,
for San Francisco.
In port Aug 3— Br ships Anglesey, Ardencraig,
Bracadale. Urassendale, H.ddekei. James Kerr,
i.angdale, Laureloaok, Pendragou Castle, Rahano,
Wlndermere, Br bark Cioncalrd and Nor bark
sijorn, for San Francisco; bark Colusa and Nlc blc
Dominion, for Honolulu: Br ships Mount Carmel
and Port Logan, for San Diego; Br bar* Snowdon,
tor Honolulu: Br bark Tillalta. for Vancouver.
Chartered to load— Br ship City of Madras, for
San t-ranclsco: Br bark Kdentturghshire, for Ore
gon; ship Eureka, tor ban Francisco ; Br ship
Hawksdale, for Oregon: Br ships Usinore, Mun
caaier ana Travantore, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Aug 26— Schr Lyman D
Foster, lrom Port Hadlock.
DEPARTURE BAY- Arrived Aug 26— Ship
Columbia, hence July 29.
BRISBANE— Arrived July 17— Br bark lnver
esk, hence Hay 2.
MELBOURNE— Arrived July 25— Br ship Snai
gow, from Fort Blakeley.
SYDNEY— SaiIed July 16-Br ship Bothwell, for
ban Francisco; bark McNear, (or San Francisco;
stmr Neptune, for Apia. July 18— Br bark Inver*
mark, for san Francisco. July 27— Ital ship Cav
allere Ciampa, lor San Francisco. July 31— Bktn
oeo C Perkins, for Fiji. July a6— Br ship Jupiter,
for Puget Sound.
In port, Aug 3— Br ship Rlalrgowrie, for San
Francisco; Br bark Blairhoyle; Brshlp Cromarty
shire. for San Francisco; Br bktn Glenclova, for
Puget Sound, to sail Aug 4.
Chartered to load— Br ship Falls of Halladale,
for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— SaiIed July 17-Br bark Astoria,
for Oregon. Juiy Tl— Br ship Travancore, for San
Francisco, via Newcastle, NSW. July 6— Br bark
Clalrmont, for Port Townsend.
POKT PlßlE— Arrived July 25— Brshlp An
drina. from Port Gamble.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Ang 25— Br ship Fannie
Kerr, for Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH-salled Aug 26— Br ship Pass of
Balmaha, for Hull.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 16— Br stmr Belglc,
hence Aug 3. Aug 16— stmr Warrlmoo, from
Victoria: bktn Irmgard, hence Aug 2: bktn W H
Dimoud, hence July 30, Aug 17— schr G W Wat
son, from Port Blakeley. Aug 19— Jap stmr Mlike
Maru, from Kobe. Aug 20— Stmr Alameda, from
Sydney.
balled Aug 15— Stmr Australia, for San Fran
cisco: Brstmr Belgic, lor Yokohama. Aug 16—
Brstmr Warrimoo, tor Sydney. Aug 19— Bktn
Archer, for s>au Francisco. Aug 22 or 24— Haw
bark Andrew Welch, for Sau Francisco. Haw
bark Hani sails taday for New York. Jap stmr
31 like Maru sails to-morrow ior Seattle-
Movements of Trans-. 4.tlaatio Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Germanic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed Ang '-7— s»: v.- Columbia, for Hamburg.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived out Aug 27— stmr Fuerst
out Aug 27-Stmr
GENOA— Sailed Aug 27— atmr Kaiser Wtlhelm
II for New York.
QUEENBTOWX— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived out Aug 27— Str Prussia.
Sailed Aug 24— -Uinr Russia, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived out Aug 25-Str Obdam.
Sailed Aug 26— simr Veendam, for New York.
LONDON— Arrived out Aug 27 — stmr Massa-
C saUed Aug 27— stmr Mobile, for New York.
BROW HK.\U- Passed Aug 27— stinr Britannic,
from New York for queenstown and Liverpool.
LlZAßD— Passed Aui; 27— Simr Albano, from
New York, ior Hamburg.
Importation.
PORT ORFORD— Per A raco-63 head cattle, 13
kees 26 bxs butter, 1 pkg express, Isk coin. ' : '
Coos Bay -700 tons coil, 174 pkgs mdse, 26 sks
bark 31 bxs butter, 10 cs cheese, 14 bdis hides, 1
cs c gars, 1 bdl pells, 6 pkgs express, 1 sk coin, . 3
bales flannels. ,-
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena— l 4 dressed
hogs, 10 nrkiris 12 kegs 37 bxs butter. 7 bxs and
bbls bottles, 2 bxs plums, 5 tanks, 1 pkg mdse, 1
bowl, 3 coops chickens.
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— 2 pKgs mdse, 44 sks
oones.
Santa Cruz— l 3cs cheese. 2 bxs butter Ics eggs,
Ibx organ, 2 bdls leather, 1200 bbls lime. "->
Moss Landing— l ca eggs. Ibis butter, 304 sks
potatoes. ■' ■'■' '.:■; : ■' '■ *- :
Watsonvllle— l bbl c grease.
, Moro Cojo-733 sks barley, 1172 sks potatoes.
lilanco Its eggs. • ..-.-. •...-,.
SAN DIEGO Corona— pkgs mdse,' 1 cs
clears. 2 iioise-i. 33 cs seed. 168 bxs lemons, .1 cs d
:ruil, 13 bxs oranges, > pKgs harness,' 1 1 cs lard, 4
3ks beeswax. 2<) bxs limes, 28 buls tallow. ..i^JM
j. Newport— l pkg mdse, '£ bxs oranges, 23 sks gar
den seed. '. ' . - ■ - *
> Los Angeles, via Redondo— l4 pkgs mdse, 106 cs
oatmeal, 46 cs tobacco, 2 cs pickles, 10 cs flour, 17
cs crape juice. ■
Redoudo— 7 pkgs mdse, . 1 bx lemons, 16 punch
eons wine. 9 bxs oranges. '. : \ . ■
Los Angeles, ' via Port Los Angeles — 119 sks
bones, 94 kss mdse, 450 cs oysters. ,-. • i-* -
Port Los Angeles— lß puncheons wine. ...
Santa Barbara— 7s pkgs mdse, 32 | bxs lemons,' 1,
ox 476 sks analone shells. 274 sks abalone meat,
12 sks crawfish. . r
- .Zaca— i>B2 sks barley.
Los OH vos— 1 670 sks wheat. ,
Karris— 3^o sks wheat. .
; San Lv obupo— l462 sks barley. 29 sks beans
400 sks oats-'v ; :.- : ...".■■': ■:■'-■ ■:'■-■■-' ~. ■'-••■■■ .-:; ' --
Santa MHrta—Ss sks oats, 64 sks beans.
Los Alamos— 94B sks barley, - '*47 sks mustard. :>
Port Hariord-1 keg'iS'bx* butter. 40cseggs, 5
coops chickens, 4 coops fowl, 2 coops ducks, 3 sks
mustard, 2 coops pigeons. 29 dressed calves. 1 bx
turkeys, 1 cs cheese, 84 , bxs apples, 4 bxs pears, 1
be peaches, 1 bx tomatoes, 11 bxs fish. .:-->. v. ;•;
PORTLAND— Per State of California— 26o9 sks
bran. 1*75 sks shorts. 1112 sks flour, 1679 pkes
paper 31 cs salmon, 82 pkgs furniture, 125 bbls
sals- ,lao ks hides, 21 crts bams. 126 cs paint, «7
Ilia s ti.i.i pelts.* 119 sks salt sides, 6 cs eggs. 14
crts ci^.vfish, 10 pkgs ' household goods, 7 coops
chickens.
' Astoria— 499l cs salmon, 5 pkgs express, 300 sks
oysters.
Per Arago— Dodee. Sweenev 4 Co ; F B rialsht;
Hiimer. HredhoiT A Sen all; Erlancor A Gallnßert
Getz Bros & Co: Marshall. Tei^arr ,t Co : ThomM
Loughran; Ross >fc Hewlett ; Wells, Fargo * Co;
Langley A Michaels: sII Frank A CO; HU>crnla
Brewery: JBaodOO Wooicii uillls: OC&NCo; J
i^clioenfeld; Wicl"nd Brewing l.'o; Wangenhelm.
Steriiheim <fcCo; l.owenber; it ■ o.
Per Point Arpn;i— Martin. Kiusier A Co: Stand
ard oil Co; Ross* Hewlett; Wilson A Baectitel ;
Getz Bros* Co; Baker it Hamilton : FBHaight:
OB Smith &Co: Smith's Lash Store.
Per Corona— American Union Kish Co; Paclflo
Coast Fish Co; Wiuel it Bakt.'r: Standard Oil Co;
De Bernard! A Co; Dairymen's Union ; Marsnall A
Reiiners: Wheaton, Breon <SCo; E R Stevens & Co
Martin, Feusierdt Co; Dod?e. sweetie,- it Co; Sac
ramento Fish Co: Dairymen's Union; H Kirich
man; Western Meat Co: Russ, <fc Co; En
terprise Brewery: Jonas Erlanger A Co; Chicago
Brewery: Hnshelmer Bros; Moore, Kerguson <fc Co
L D Stone <fc Co: F B Ualght ; W C Price A Co: Sf
Milling Co: II Dutard; J Ivancovlch it Co: Com
mercial Transfer Co; Labor r> xebaage; J .1 Duffey
<fc Co; J Hoffman; Nationa' Brewery: F Uaneri
&Co; Lacuman it. Jacobv; J C Johnson A Co- EC
Boeder; Dal ton Bros; Hills Bros: E J Bowen <fe Co
Gray <fc Barbieri D E Allison Jfc Co; Wetmore Bros;
>\ ellman. Peck &Ll ; Norton, Teller & Co; R B
Colley; Cunningham, Curtlss* Welch; Milwaukee
Brewery; Payot, L'pham >fc Co; W B Sumneri Co;
Miller, Sloss <fe sscott; .1 11 Cain <fc Co; Ch Teizen;
Pacific b s Co; C E Hooper; F M. Morgan; H H
Hosan: Johnson- Locke Mer Co: Pac A.n-nonla
and C Works: W A Shrock; G W Ilubbard; s. la
cobs; Uuyer <t Reich; Lewis Meyerstein <fe Co; B
Uarmer & Co; Macondray A Co; H C i-reenhood.
Per losy — Standard Oil Co: -\ Ohlandt A Co;
C Carpy & Co: A Gall! Fruit Co: H Cowdl A Co;
Doage, aweeney Jt Co; Norton, Teller <fc Co; Arctic
Oil Works: Dairymen's Union: Geo W McNear; H
J°°» l *Co: Wolf A Son: HUbert Bros: J Gund
iach<tco: California Bottling CO; C W Sargent •
San irancisco Chemical Works; A W Fink Ji Co;
,? n T -* n nineCo: Henderson A B own.
er Slate of California— Wellman, Peck A Co- C
* .Weber: Wells, Fargo A Co; J X Armsby A Co :
I nttin B Co; Morgan Oyster Co; W A Gor
dan. MB Moraghan: W c Price & Co; M P Detels;
Brown Bros & Co-. CE Whitney A Co: G E Shel
aou- Bissinger & Co-. Willamette Pulp A Paper Co:
Geo Morrow A Co; Crown Paper Co; Elmore san
born A Co; Darbee A Immeli; M X A Wagner; IS
F Fletcher; \V G Hiuton; Stockton Paint Co; Jno
Ho'stman; Mack A Co; Klngan A Co.
WMTED-Overdue Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY COUNTRY _ FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 Sansome St. (Tel. Red 411).
N. B. — No charge unless successful. List of 8. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post free. ■ .
OCEAN TRAVEL*
ASTORIA AWPORTLANII
' $6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 6, 15, 25
State of California sail* .
...........:.... Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, 30
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) a; 10 a. *.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Genii Supts.
V. I". COXttOA, General Agent,
"■■."• - : ■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM yfcSSu
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, aa4afi£3C
follows: t
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kit.
Ilsnco and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept.' 11,28.
. For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, ' Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belllnzham Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
.'Aug. 2, 7, 13, 17, 22, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTarorca with N. P. K. X., at Seattle with U.
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For l-'ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
bold t Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. v.. Auk. 1, 6. 9. 13,
17, 21, 2" . 29. and every fourth day thereafter. •
For Sam.. Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, sonta
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, tan Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a.m. Au-
gust '3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Son Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M. Aueust 1. 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, ; San • Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Ouaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. 10
a m. Angus; 27, and 29th of each month there-
after. . ■ _ .., . >
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4' New Montgomery
street.-
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St., san Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ U OAYS TC
HAWAII, SAMOA, fi«. HONOLULU
. NEW ZEALAND, Hi «»
hi AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
6. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU Only. Satur-
day. August 29. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
a S. ALAMEDA sails " via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, September
17. at 2 P. m.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. .
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIEGEIfERAL'TIIMSATLASTIQUB
French Line to Havre. ■
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH *«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■jSEe'IK
this line avoid both transit by English railway aaj
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, Via P&rl*
Crst-ciass $160; second-class, *1 10.
LA K 1 ! XT Ati >X ...... August 29, 3A. K.
LA BOURGOGNE .'....'. ...,.'. ......5ept, 5, 9a. H.
LA NORMANDIK .'....«.. ..'.Sept. l2, SA.5 A. st
LA TOURAINE... ..Sept. 19. 7 a. it
LA 0A5C0UNE. ........ ...... .....5ept. 26, 3 a. v.
g3~ For further particulars apply to "
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTJGAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco, -
WHITE STAR IM.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BET W KBIT -
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
RAILING KVEKI' WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >m>
\J mc to steamer and accommodations eafcSaß
selected: second cabin, s;^M) andX4/ 0: MaJ-suo
ami Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. ; Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. . . • W. FLETCHER.
;;■ General Agent tor Pacific roast. -
ROUND THE flfOßlD^gLj^
:■ ; ;TOURS/: ;
Select parties, under personal escort, will leave
Vancouver MONDAY, Sept. 14th, and San Fran-
cisco October Bth and 17th. • ,
— ar-£a.i=»-A.T»a:
i The Annual *ml Party will leave Vancouver
MONDAY, Oct. 12. .
SING ; EXCURSION
And Circular Tour Tickets, by all lines, at lowest
rates. For programmes address . •' ■■-_
THOMAS COOK & SON,
International Tourist Agents,
621 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL .ffedU
fortnightly for the West Indies and '»S3
Southampton, calling, en .route at Csrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
- Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for . freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
■ Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,'
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195; third
class, " $97 60, For further particulars apply to
; : PARKOTT & CO., Agents.
■ ■ 3O« f»H*r>rnlaiit.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier : No. 3, Washington St.,
At 0 P. M, Daily. » reiK'i. received up
: ■■. to »:3i> 1». AI. -■- - H
. IS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
. 1 tie onU- line niuiiin;; through rates on Valley
Road freight. ■ ;-.
STEAMEK*:
T. C. Walker, . . J. D. Peters, •
Mary Garratt, ; ' City of Stockton.
'■■' Telephone Alain 805. ■ Cau K»v. and Impt: Co
U.S. I AYYY ARD. MARE ISL YALLEJO,
•Bfßiria, 'Port Cosia. ffmckeir and *Val«ni.
STR. iMONTICELLO,
Dally 10:30 a. m, 4:00 p. M. (Saturdays ••10:3u .
a. it), S:3O P. it Sundays 8 p. M. only. ■ Offices
and landing. Pier, 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
} : , j : o ' ' \ HATCH BROS. •
* 4 and 8 P. K. trips only.
»* Excursion trio. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR 811 JOSE, LOS & SASTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVIBO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10 a. k. (Sundays excepted) j • Alviso daily at
,7 P. m. (Saturdays excepted). . Freight and Pa*
«£ . r - Fare between Ban Francisco and A! visa.'RECEPTION TO A
POPULAR OFFICIAL
Haywards Turns Out to
Congratulate Mr. and
Mrs. Collins.
TEN YEARS IN SERVICE.
The Most Popular Supporter of
McKinley in Castro
Valley.
HIS MARKIAGE A SURPRISE.
Has Always Been Given Any Political
Honor That He Was Inclined
to Seek.
Oaklasd Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 27. J
All Haywards turned out to-night to
tender a serenade-reception to their Town
Clerk, James A. Collins. Although Hay
wards, like Oakland, is a political town,
there is but one opinion regarding the
old-time Republican clerk.
When the people of Castro Valley read
in The Call this morning of the marriage
of their official to Miss Augusta Haus
childt, there was much surprise shown.
Although the affair was expected, its date
had not been announced, and when the
groom and bride quietly slipped into this
city and were united by Rev. Father
Gloria, no one was advised in advance.
For many years Town Clerk Collins has l
.own Clerk Collins of Haywards and His Wife. James A. Collins Has Been
Granted Al! the Political Favors lie Has Asked in the Last Ten Years.
been gfiven everything he sought in Hay- 1
tvards. For five timea he has been elected
to two-year terms as clerk. Once he
chanced off and thought he would like to
be Justice of the Peace. It made no
difference to the voters, and James Collins
was returned.
Clerk Collins has always been a trae
Republican. He io very unassuming in
manner, and everybody in the town knows
"Jim." If he were ever called "mister"
r>o one recollects it.
The pretty home of the Collinses, on
Chestnut street, was visited by their j
many friends and congratulations were in j
order. Many friends came from the sur- j
rounding neighborhood and an energetic ;
amateur band added to tbe enthusiasm.
Miss Augusta Hauschildt is the daugh- j
ter of Mrs. Hauschildt, who resides near
Haywards. She is very popular in that
part of the county. After the reception '
Mr. and Mrs. Collins left for a wedding
trip, and when they return they will take
up their permanent residence on Chestnut
street. _____________
QUIET SOCIETY WEDDING
Dr. Phillip M. Jones and Miss
Jessie H. Brown United in
Wedlock.
Delanoy's Poles Mnst All Come Down.
A Vicious Horse Kicks Dr.
Stephens.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 27.— Dr. Philip
Mills Jones of San Francisco, who has won
local renown as an X-ray specialist, was
married this afternoon to Miss Jessie
Harding, daughter of Edward Brown, 1823
Santa Clara avenue, the well-!:nown tire
insurance agent. The ceremony was per
formed at the residence of the bride's
parenis by Rev. W. Ritchie of Oakland.
The affair, though the parties belong to
society, was exceedingly quiet and simple,
and only invited guests were present. The
bride was becomingly attired in lavender
siik. Her sister, Miss Eiitb, acted as
bridesmaid and Sigmund Beel of San
Francisco acted as best man.
Among those present from San Fran
cisco were: Dr. and Mrs. Wadsworth* Dr.
and Mrs. Pischl, Mr. and Mrs. S.nmmer
hayes, Mr. and ilrs. Weinshenk. Mr. and
Mrs. John Moss, Rev, Mr. and Mrs. Leon.
Others present were: Dr. and Mrs. G. P.
Reynolds, Dr. and Mrs. C. L. Tisdale,
Mrs. James Tyson, Mrs. Samuel Haslett,
Mr. and Mrs Frank Otis and Mrs. Davis of
Ross Valley.
The End of a Bluff.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aue. 27.— Judge
Ogden this afternoon dismissed the suit of
F. N. Delanoy against the Street Superin
tendent, restricting the latter from taking
Delanoy's poles up and carting them off
to the corporation yards. In May last
Delanoy in furtherance of his electric
scheme proceeded to set up poles all over
the town, without seeking a permit from
the city. On June 1 the Street Superin- !
tendent proceeded to draw the poles and
fill the holes up until he was restricted by
an injunction. A month ago the city's
demurrer to the injunction was sustained,
and as the plaintiff has not seen fit to
amend his plaint the whole caße has been
dismissed, and the poles are to come up
now without further delay.
Kicked by a Horse.
ALAMEDA,CAL.,Aug. 27.-Dr. Stephens
of Alameda avenue bad a black saddle
horse brought to him last night for trial,
and as he was mounting the beast took
fright and bolted. In doing so he kicked
the doctor on the right leg, breaking the
small bone.
Attributed to Heart Failure.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Aug. 27.-3lrs. Jennie
Scurr, mother of Al Scurr, the druggist at
the Encinal Pharmacy, died suddenly this
morning at her home," 1618 Everett street.
Her husband gave her some medicine just
before midnight, and when he stepped to
the bedside at la.m. he found she had
passed away. Her death is attributed to
heart failure. She was 52 years of age.
The funeral services will be held to-mor
row at 2 p. m. at her late residence, and the
interment will be at Mountain View Ceme
tery.
Brief Newt Items.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aue. 27.— As drawing
has become one of the necessaries in the
State University, this new departure will
require the employment of a special
teacher of drawing in the High School.
Professor Ardle of the State University
addressed the Board of Education on the
matter last night.
Special services in memory of toe wife of
Dr. J. T. McLean, Health Officer, will be
held on Sunday morning in the Park
street M. E. Church, of which denomina
tion deceased had been a member for fifty
years.
Fire Chief Krauth denies the rumor that
there is a desire to change the personnel of
the members of the Fire Department by
making it a paid department. He states
that if the plan of reorganization is
adopted the volunteer members will have
the preference in every case, so that they
may complete their terms of five years,
entitling them to exemption certificates.
WALTON CHOSEN.
He Will Be Offered .the Captaincy
of the Reliance Football
Team.
OAKLAND, Cai*. Aug. 27,-The Reli
ance football team held a very enthusiastic
meeting to-night, and it was unanimously
agreed to offer Harry Walton the cap
taincy of the team. He has not yet de
cided whether his business relations wih
permit of his acceptance. The team will
begin practicing one week from next Sat
urday.
Woman Suffragists.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 27.— The regular
mor.tniy meeting of the Oakland Political
Equality Society at Odd Fellows' Hall
will occur on Friday evenine, August 28,
at 7:45 o'clock. A splendid programme
has been arranged. Miss Bertha Rickoff
ot Berkeley will present a very interesting
paper, Mr. Carter will tell what he knows
about woman suffrage in rhyme and Mrs.
Sanford and Mrs. Prescott will make
short speeches. Gentlemen are especially
invited and a free discussion welcomed.
Discussing the Levy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 27.— Members of
the City Council have met on several occa
sions recently to discuss the tax levy.
\ They will probably recommend a tax of
i |1 12. Mayor Davie's position upon the
! levy has been a matter of interest and*
I many questions have been asked about it,
! but so far he has openly made no sign to
show whether he will again stanß for a
dollar rate. It is reported, however, that
j Mayor Davie is disposed to favor provi
sion in the levy for improvements if the
; objects are such as he agrees to and the
{ destination of the money is specifically set
forth in the ordinance.
The Twombly Estate.
OAKLAND, (-al., Aug. 28.— The pro
i ceedines in the Probate Court regarding
i the estate of the late Martha A. Twombly
were brought before the public to-day by
the publishing of some correspondence,
but as the writer could not be iound and
is not in any directory, it is thought the
purpose of it is merely to create bias.
Volunteers of America.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— The Volun
teers will have a special jubilee to-night at
their armory, 865 Broadway. Coffee, tea
and chocolate with cake will be served at
a small charge, profits to go toward de
fraying opening expenses of Oakland
Post. There will be a special programme
{or the occasion.
Two Minutes of Liberty.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 27.— Robert
Sternitzky was being taken to jail this
morning after being sentenced to six
months' imprisonment when he ran off.
Bailiff Smith gave chase, and, drawing
his gun, he created a lot of excitement be
fore the boy was captured ten minutes
later.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda Connty Happening* Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sax Fbancisco Call,/
908 Broadway, Aug. 27. j
E. G. Bldleman has been served in San
Qeutiu prison with a summons in a suit
brought by Adelaide Bidleman for a divorce.
The warrant for the arrest of Mayor Davie is
not to be issued, as it has been held that the
language used by him is not vulgar in the eyes
of the law.
W. J. Dinpee, J. E. Wood and and C. M.
Dougherty have deeded to the county rights
of way for the new road to Contra Costa
County.
The Most Reverend Archbishop Kiordan will
lecture at the Macdonongh Theater on Friday
evening, September 4, under the auspices of
the Cathelic Ladies' Aid Society, on the "Cath
olic Church and Progress."
The steamer North Fork came in last night
with over 400,000 shingles. She brought
along a gang of stevedores and succeeded in
discharging her cargo before morning. She
left at 8 o'clock this morning.
The proj-osed change in the time of the last
car at night on the East Oakland Street Rail
way Company's line, which is announced to
take. Dlace on September 1. has created a great
deal of disturbance among the residents of
East Oakland.
An old man nearly 60 years of age, named J,
E. Lawrence, was arrested last nvening by Spe
cial Officer Courtland. The officer found the
old man wandering around the corner of Sev
entn and Pitie streets and arrested him on the
charge of insanity.
William Fountain was sentenced to-day to
two days' Imprisonment and $4 fine. Foun
tain was arrested some time ago charged with
having burglars' tools in his possession. After
his arrest he tried to escape irom prison but
tailed. He confessed the truth.
John Sohomberg, an Alamena grocer, has
filed a petition in insolvency. He owes
$1566 05. His assets in store at the corner of
Santa Clara avenue and McPherson street,
Alameda, are worth $115 and personal prop
erty exempt is worth $150.
Harry and Frank Samm, who were taken to
jail In Stockton awaiting an examination on
suspicion of manslaughter, were released last
night The men were believed to have been
instrumental in causing tne death of Dennis
Herliehy, who fell from a Stockton steamer the
other night
The suit of W. H. Ford against the Spring
Valley Water Works, Charles Webb Howard,
Charles N" . Fox, Howard Overacker Br., W. A.
Yates, William Brooks and the Washington and
Murray Townsnip Water Company was dis
missed to-day for lack of prosecution. The
suit was filed August 12, 1893, and has been
pending for three years without coming to
trial.
• — » — «
People who wore shoes in Italy during
the fourteenth century had to pay a tax
for the privilege.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
DR. WENDTE HAS
MANY SURPRISES,
He Finds Euthanasia Se
cretly Practiced to a
Great Extent.
HAS NOW SAID ENOUGH.
He Is Satisfied That His Re
marks in "The Call" Set
a Nation Thinking.
VIEWS OF A LADY DOCTOB.
Says Nature Comes to the Relief of
Those Whose Sufferings Cannot
Be Borne.
Oakland Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 27. I
"I have been greatly surprised," said
Rev. Dr. "Wendte to-day, "at the re
markable disclosures that have come to
me from all parts of tbe country as the
result of my first sermon on ' Euthanasia,'
published in The Call two weeks ago. I
am surprised to find tbat there are many
cases in which it has been practiced, but
I cannot supply details, because such
would render the principals amenable to
the law.
"I am not going any farther into tbe
subject at this time, but I am very glad
that it has caused people to think. Many
of my correspondents are men of note and
some have denounced me. while others
approved of my course. It is a gruesome
subject and I have bad enough of it for a
time."
The latest person of prominence to pub
licly express her views is Mrs. Dr. Kellogg-
Lane, one of Oakland's most eminent lady
reform-workers.
Dr. Lane discoursed on the seriousness
of the question and proceeded :
In this special problem under consideration
the first question that »re«ents itself is, What
•will be likely to be the effect ot cheapening
human life, even to this extent? For that it
will cheapen it it is certain.
Dr. Wendte says, in substance, that society
already determines that It has the right to
take human life in fhe execution of the crim
inal. There are many who think that EOCiety
exceeds its moral right even in that. But for
the sake 01 tbe argument we will grant that
society has the right to execute criminals.
Protecting human life is one of the founda
tion stones of society. Lift it ever so little for
any reason except to give it a surer resting
pltice, and society itself is endangered and civ
ilization turned backward. Individual cases
are very hard, but principles nre greater than
men. Let any amount of suffering, physical
or mental or both, be considered coin which
shall pass current for the bartering of a human
life, and the door of temptation is opened
wide to the weak and unbalanced mass of hu
manity; and many of the highest educated and
cultured, as well as the ignorant and intellec
tual, belong to one or botn classes. If I may
take a human life to save it from pain, why
may I not take it to bring a great good to my
self or others 7
The moment we begin to balance suffering
or joy as against a human life, we have opened
a very Pandora's box. Nature has kindly or
dained that suffering sharp is short. She has
put a limit to human endurance and herself
takes the life that has reached that limit,
whether the suffering be physical or a broken
heart. The arguments used in favor of volun
tary destruction of life belong to the decaying
period of a nation, to the time when wealth has
multiplied and effeminacy and weacness are
becoming predominant; when self-induigence
is doing its deadly work and mm and suffer
ing seem the acme of evil. Like causes pro
duce like results. America has reached Rome's
stage of sensuous luxury. Is it strange then
that the story of self-destruction is reproduced
here without any reincarnation of the old Ro
mans?
My memory turns back to the many cases I
have seen where the poor body, tortured be
yond words to portray, could not conquer the
free spirit that waited patiently its release;
waited not wi;h shrinking from pain, not with
stoicism, not even with heroism, but joyous
and triumphant. A free spirit, free beyond all
power of evil to conquer, verifying the words
"whom the Son makes free is free indeed."
LIFE OF PROMISE ENDED.
Funeral of Miss Mabel Ballan
tyne, a Rising Young
Elocutionist.
Many Friends Attend the Simple Cere
monies at the Late Home of
the Deceased.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, Aug. 27. j
A host of friends gathered around the
bier on which lay the remains of Mabel
G. Ballantyne at her late home yesterday
afternoon. The deceased was a very popu
lar and well-known young lady.
Some time ago Miss Ballantyne gradu
ated from the Poulson School of Oratory,
and as an elocutionist and dramatic reader
she was very gifted, and her ambition
guaranteed a marked future, but two years
ago the symptoms of consumption were
apparent, and last Monday came the end.
She waa 25 years of age.
Rev. J. E. Busnneli, D.D., spoke a few
words of consolation to those, that were
bereft and of approval for the life of her
wh se spirit was at rest. Donizetti's
beautiful "Rest, Weary Pilgrim" was
sung by Mrs. R. R. Case, Miss Ida B.
Mussey and Mrs. Blake-Alverson, and the
same trio also rendered 'Slumber Soft."
Miss Ballantyne was the daughter of
William and Adeline A. Baliantyne, and
was born in this city. The pallbearers
were: Dr. O. T. Nelson, George Smith
Howard Pratt and N. J. Smith.
HIGH IS GUILTY.
He Will Now Sue Mr. Din gee for Al-
leged Violations nf the State
Auction Law.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 27.— Gavin Dhu
High, late editor of the Times, was found
guilty to-day of libeling W. 3. Dingee.
The proceedings were lively at times,
and Attorneys Nusbaumer and W. W.
Foote had several skirmishes. Mr. Nns
baumer appeared in the case to-day for
the first time as counsel for the editor.
The defendant will be sentenced next
Tuesday.
This evening Mr. High said he intended
to apply for warrants against Mr. Dingee
to-morrow.
"I have proof," said the ex-editor, "that
at two sales conducted by Mr. Dingee by
bidders and cappers were employed con
trary to the State law. I refer to the Boul
evard and Littlefield sales. Although of
fered for sale I have a copy of a secret
agreement by the terms of which no auc
tion would be held, if the District Attor
ney will not gi yev c me the warrants I shall
apply to the Supreme Court to mandamus
him to do so. He refused me one against
Mr. Din?ee some time ago."
Mr. Dingee says that Mr. High's state
ments are groundless and that nothing has
been done that is not legal.
POLITICAL NOTES.
The Alliance to Leave for Los An-
geles To-Nlght.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 27.— The Repub
lican Alliance leaves the mole to-morrow
night at 7 ; o'clock for Los . Angeles. A
band will play . from 6:30 to 7 and the cars
will be handsomely decorated.
The organization of political clubs
among students at the university has led
to proposals for associations of other
kinds. Many > colleges in the i East have
good government 1 clubs, and it has been
suggested that one be formed at Berkeley.
Another proposed association of - students
is '■< one i to • carry on a campaign I for State
appropriations for the university,
s There will be a rally and meeting of the
Fourth Ward Republican , Club in the
Market-street block, Eighth street, on Sat
urday evening. Everybody is invited to
attend. Good speakers will address the
meeting. ; ;
: The attempt to consolidate the two clubs
in this ward has fallen through.
' A. C. Henry addressed , the Army and
Navy Republican League to-night on cur
rent issues. \ ; '-. * "• .'- :"'•
■♦
Another Sl.ver Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 27.— The Bryan
Silver Club held its initial meeting last
night, and its promoters say they are
more than satisfied at the results. The
executive committee consists of J. E.
Barber, T. E. Brennan and L. 8. Robin
son. The speakers last night were
Thomas A. Smith, Green Majors, M. F.
Tarpey and Jame3 E. Barber.
Union Is Strength.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 27.— E. K. Tay
lor, Alexander Mackie and Stanley
Stephenson have been named as the com
mittee by the Republican Executive Coin-
Professor Albtn Putzker, Head of tbe Department of German.
mittee to procure speakers for tbe
campaign meetings, and Messrs. G. Scott,
J. S. Hanley and b. Frank are to attend to
the musical" part.
It has been resolved to meet with the
regular Republicans and unite on a work
ing basis in the interests of harmony, so
that a united front in' this city for Mc-
Kinley and protection can be presented.
Democrats Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 27.— A Bryan
silver club was organized last night with
the following officers: President, Judge
H. A. Reed; first vice-president. A.
Monroe; second vice-president, J. O'Neil;
secretary, Charles Gilmartin. The club
will meet every Thursday evening.
Berkeley Republicans.
The "West Berkeley Republican CJubwill
hold a grand rally on September 5.
Among the speakers will be John T. Dare
of San Francisco.
FOUND ON COLORADO DESERT.
Identity of a Lost Miner Proved by
Papers and a Watch.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Aug. 27.—
About three years ago a miner named
Alexander - Straubenmiller was lost and
died on the Colorado Desert. A skeleton
found near a sink hole some months after
Straubenmiller's disappearance was sup
posed to be that of the missing miner. ;/ A
young man named ' Blackburn visited the
spot last week i and found some ; papers
bearing Straubenmiller's name, two $20
gold pieces, a canteen and a watch with
the initials "A. Strau." -engraved on the
case. It is supposed that ; recent rains
washed the sand from the articles, this
accounting ' for , the failure to find them
when the skeleton was discovered months
ago. ' Straubenmiller carried life insur
ance to the ' amount of $5000. This in
surance, which lias heretofore been with
held, will now be paid.
IULANE'S CAMPAIGN CLUB.
Many Democrat* I and Populists Enlist
Under MeKinley's Banner. ■ ' v
TULARE, C At.; Aug. 27.— Talare organ
ized a McKinley Club last night. It starts
with 154 members .on the : roll — a. good
showing, considering the fact that Tulare
polls bnt 600 votes. T Alex W. , Wheeler is
president of the new club; J. A. Allen,
; secretary; J. M. Anderson, vice-president,
; and Marcus M/DeWitt, a life-long Demo
crat, is the club's treasurer. v/
One surprising feature of the organiza
tion is the laree number of Democrats on
i the roll. A sound money Democrat is ex
pected to either vote for McKiniey or go
fishing, but tnere are names of Democrats
: on the Tulare McKinley Club roll ' who
have previously shouted lustily for Bryan
and silver. They are safe for , McK.inley.
The names of four Populists are on the
roll. ■-:■■;- :■■■;;■-■•.■ i.-. .. .:... •. . ■ - ■.
The club's executive committee is M. C.
Zumwalt, G. W. Zartman,' W. P. RatliS,
J. H. Morton, Dr. A. L. Wilson.
Sacramento Runaway Accident.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 27.— George
Gerlacb, a teamßter from Amador, was
thrown from the seat of a four-horse wagon
this morning and severely injured about
the head and shoulders. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital where the city phy
sician stated that he was suffering" from
concussion of th« brain and was in a dan
gerous condition. Gerlach's four-horse
team ran away, and on turning a corner
he was thrown from his high seat.
Merced's Valley Road Depot.
MERCED, Cal., Aug. 27.— Ground was
broken this morning tor the Valley road
depot in this city. It will be ready for
use about October 15, on which date the
company will put on regular passenger
trains. The oontract price calls for a
$4000 building of neat and handsome ap
pearance.
WANTS NO MORE
REWARDS OF LABOR
Prof. Putzker of Berkeley
Frowns on Gold
Medals.
UNIVERSITY ATTACKED.
He Says the Percentage System
Engenders Hatred and
Strife.
TALKED TO THE RUSKIN CLUB.
He Wants a Meeting of the Clnb
Called to Denounce Credit
Marking.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 27.— Professor
Albin 1-utzker, bead of the department of
German at the State University, created
considerable of a sensation at the meeting
of the Ruskin Club last evening *>y openly
denouncing the credit system as used in
the university and in the public schools.
He declared the priuciple of awarding
prizes for scholarship to be conducive of
great harm to the students, since it created
in them a desire to attain high markings
not for the pure virtue in these markings,
but for the reward that might be gained
through them.
He attacked the university with vehe
mence, because he was most closely con
nected with it, and because it had both a
percentage system and a prise medal
which was offered annually to the most
distinguished student.
"I have not the least confidence in the
competitive system of maiking," said the
professor, "either as practiced in the State
University or in the public schools. Where
a competitive system is used the only
aim of the students is to get ahead of one
another and not to improve tbeir minds.
"All they think about when they sit down
to study is how they can get their lessons
so as to take a higher ranking than the
others. They get into a rut, and learn
their lessons to order, some students
work hard so as to get their names on the
roll of honor, or to get a medal, or to have
their names ana pictures put in the paper.
That is the way the high school children
are affected. When they get into the
university the case becomes much worse,
and matters frequently go so far as to
create dire hatred between students who
are in the race for first place on the roll.
"A student once told me that he felt
like shooting a fellow-classman who had
got one-sixteenth of a credit more than he,
and who, in his opinion, should not have
had that one-sixteenth. There is trouble
nearly every year over tbe award of the
university gold medal, and I would like to
know what good it does the winner after
he gets it, or how much good he got while
striving for it that he would not have
otherwise received?
"Virtue should be its own reward.
Students should do their work for the sake
of the work itself, and not in the hope of
any reward."
The professor said that he bad been in
strumental in reducing the old system of
percentage used at the university to the
section system, as now practiced. He said
also that he would do bis uttermost to
throw out the present system and give
students either passes or failures. He
advocated the calling of a special meeting
of the Ruskin Club to discuss tbe matter
and to devise means of haying the com
petitive system thrown entirely out of the
university and the public schools.
Much dissension on the part of his hear
ers was manifest, and in consequence no
meeting of the club was called to discuss
the matter.
Tbe Ruskin Club is made up of about 150
of the brightest minds in Berkeley, many
membeis being professors and their fami
lies. About seventy-five were present at
the open meetine last night, which was
held at the residence of Charles Keeier,
the Berkeley poet and autnor.
New Building Proposed.
BERKELEY. Cal.. Aug. 27.— The con
struction of a natural sciences building for
the Btate University has been suggested as
a means of relieving the present over
crowding. If such a building were secured
the physics laboratory, the geological de
partment and the university museums
would be placed in it, thus leaving South
Hall almost entirely vacant, so that it
could be used as North Hall now i», for
class rooms.
More Amateur Sprinters.
BERKELE sf, Cal., Aug. 27.— The foot
race at West Berkeley last Sunday has at
tracted much attention, and resulted in
the making of other matches. Dick Knott
and Antone Shakoff will race 150 yards on
next Sunday for $20 a side.
College Day at the Fair.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 27.— A meeting
of the Associated Students of the univer
sity will be held in the near future for the
purpose of arranging a programme for
Auction Sales
ALIEN COWAN,
26 » MONTGOMERY STREET, -
Will Sell by Auction, Without Reserve, at '
1306 'BflC-flklOELBiBT; : £317.,
AT 11 O'CLOCK THIS DAY, . {
The Contents of M. Uarlo'eV Datstore.
......THK STOCK CONSISTS 0*.'..'...
500 ; d"2en : New and Fashionable Gentlemen's
Hats; 'XatioDal Cash Register, Iron Safe, Fittings.
A3- NO RESERVE.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
; . Satesrooma— 1 135 Market Street.
THIS i DAY, Friday. August 28. .1896,
-.-'•• . At 10 o'clock a. M, at salesroom.
1135 Market St., bet. 7tu and Bih, we will sell
AN XLi OANT LINE Of FURNITURE.
Carpets, Stoves and Ranges- Also stock of Res-
taurant, viz., Chairs, Tables, Crockery, Glassware.
- CHAS. LEVY. CO.. Auctioneers.
University day at the Mechanics' Fair in
San Francisco. Tbe day set is Septem
ber 19.
Brief News Items.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aupr. 27.— William Lair
Hill, president of the Berkeley Republican
Club, baa announced himself a candidate for
Superior Judge of Alameda County.
Residents of South Berkeley have made vig
orous complaints regarding the use of the Bis
■ell building on Ashby avenue for school pur
poses. It is said that the water is not health
ful.
The Young Men's Christian Association of
the university will tcive a reception to fresh
men to-morrow evening in Stiles Hall.
The Brotherhood of St. Andrew of St. Mark's
Church has elected the following officers:
Director, Professor Bailey ; secretary, S. Geis;
treasurer, J. B. Southard.
The Citizen Suffrage League of Berkeley will
meet to-morrow afternoon at the residence of
Mrs. George W. Haight, on Dwijtht way.
HALF MOON BAY
RAILWAY SCHEME
Transfer of a Valuable
• Franchise Placed on
Record.
PECULIAR TRANSACTION
The Deed of Conveyance Was
Executed in July,
1895
OUTLOOK FOR CONSTKUCTION.
Swanbsrg and Westphal Were In
When the Franchise Was
Granted.
A deed went on record in the Recorder's
office yesterday which transfers to the
West Shore Railway Company all the
property, franchises and interests of the
San Francisco and West Shore Railway
Company. It appears frcm the doouments
placed on record that the stockholders of
the last named corporation met in July,
1895, and authorized the directors of the
company to make the transfer. The stock
holders attending the meeting owned or
represented 100,000 shares of stock. These
owners or| agents were Louis f. Dunand,
John W. Eisenhath, A. Herman, Fred
Hower, F. Eisenhath, John Lynch, C. M.
Lange and K. J. Miilats.
The proceedings of the board of directors
in making the transfer are attested by J.
O. Jephson, who was then secretary of the
company.
From the documents filed it is shown
that the Board of Supervisors granted to
the San Francisco and W T est Shore Rail
way Company, on November 14, 1892, a
fifty-year franchise to construct and main
tain a double tiack railway from Potrero
avenue and Twenty-sixta street to the San
Mateo County line. The route traversing
or crossing forty streets from the initial
point to the County line i 3 fully described.
A franchise was aiso obtained from San
Mateo County permitting the company to
build from the"County line to Half Moon
Bay.
Among the original promoters of the
scheme to get the franchise were Henry
W. Westphal, C. O. Swanberg, J. O. Jeph
son, Louis F. Dunand and J. W. Ellis.
Swanberg and Westphal, who have since
achieved some notoriety in other transac
tions, did not remain long in the company.
It is said that they began to throw
"cold water on the project shortly after
they got in and never put iv any money
to help the cause.
J. O. Jephson said yesterday that his
own connection with the company ceased
when the franchise was conveyed to the
West Shore Company. • His name never
appeared, as the deed of transfer executed
in July, 1895, had just been placed on
record. He has the impression that the
West Shore Railway Company, of which
R. S. Thornton is president, is preparing
to build the road.
So far as can be ascertained from the
documents placed on record yesterday the
franchise is the only thing of value which
the San Francisco and West Shore Rail
way possessed.
The amount paid for the franchise is
not stated. The privilege which the Board
of Supervisors granted is surely a valuable
one, as it gives the use of all the lands,
waters, lanes and highways on tbe route
from Potrero avenue and Twenty-fifth
street to the County line. Among the
streets crossed or traversed are Utah, Yolo,
Colusa, Army, Vermont and the San
Bruno road.
R. S. Thornton, president of the West
Shore Railway Company, is reported to
be a man of capital and energy, who has
enlisted progressive men in the fortunes
of tbe company.
TACOMA CONVENTION.
Washington Gold Democrats Elect lielt-
gates to India » ipolis.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 27.— The gold
Democrats of Washington held their
State convention yesterday. H. C.
Wallace, L. W. Nestelle, E. W. Pollock,
J. L. Sharpstein, F. N. Allen, N. O. Nash,
Thomas Burke and G. W. Stapieton were
chosen as National delegates. A platform
denouncing the State and National con
ventions, indorsing the Democratic plat
form of 1892 and Cleveland's administra
tion, and also declaring for the present
gold standard, was adopted.
Urizzlij Jiluff's McKinley ites.
FERNDALE, Cal., Aug. 27.— The Griz
zly Bluff McKinley Club has been orgau
ized with forty members. This is one of
the important dairy sections in Eel River
Valley, and about five miles from Fern
dale. " The club's motto is "McKinley and
Protection." J. H. Goff is president; G.
C. Barber, secretary; William Sullings,
treasurer. The club is enthusiastic, and
its canvassers report sixty more names to
present at the next meeting. The dairy
men of this section realize the advantages
: to be derived from protection.
REGULAR FIRSITIRE SALE
AT 1057 MARKET ST., OPP. JONES,
THIS DAY.
Friday August »8, 1896,
At 11 O*CIOCIC A. M.
For account of whom it may concern, we will gell
Carpets. .Linoleum, Bedding. Chamber Suits, Par-
lor Goods. Dining-room Furniture, Lounges. Pil-
lows, Blankets, Kangps, Bric-a-Brac and Orna-
ments. INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
1057 Market st, opp. Jones.
H. J. LETJTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
AUCTIOiUALE.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer, will sell THIS DAY,
August 28, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., the Elegant
Furniture of Kesidence,
NO. 1804 POST STREET,
Consisting of Elegant Parlor Furniture, Massive
Bedroom Sets, /•"lne Dining Table, with Elegant
Leather Chaira to match, Leather Cooch and other
t ine Goods ot every descrlDtion.
L. H. BURD. Auctioneer.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isaac El laser Eliza Majrnes. Rosa Cohen (wlfa
of Kphraim Cohen), Fanny I.arnett (wife of Ed
ward Burnett) and Sarah >! agues to Sarah Levy
(a sole trade;), lot on s line of .McAllister street,
137:6 W of Laguzfa, W 27:6 by » 120: $7000.
Annie Foster to Edward Foster, lot on 8 line of
California street, 55 \V of Laguna. W 37:6 by 8
107:6: also lot on 8 line of Clipper street, 160 W
of Castro, W 80 by 8 114; also lot on N line of
Clay street, 125:8% «of First avenue, £ 28:6*4
by N 127:8^; gift? *"
Elizabeth v.' and Frances A. Baldwin to Mary
B. Angus, lot on line of Filbert street, 100 X of
Devtsa<!ero. E 68 by 8 137:6 (first parties agree
on selling lot l:- 7:6 by 100 adjoining, not to sell
so as to front on Filbert street exciu»lvely)r $10.
. Alexander R. Baldwin to . John Alurtinon, lot
on N line of Onion street, 110 E of Devlsadero,
X 27:6 byX 137:6- $10.
Susanna Mall (by S. C. BUelow and A. A. Smith,
trnstess) to John T. Dispaux, lot on 8 line of
nineteenth street, 00 E of Guerrero, X 24:4 by S
95; $1750.
John D. and Llllla F. Daly to same, same, quit
claim deed; $5. • . ■ . ..:;■.-
Stephen H. and Clara E. Kerrison and Albert
and Anna August (by Charles Dlxon, commis
sioner) to Mathias Meyer, lot on E line of Sanchez
street, 75:8 X of Twenty-sixth, X 24:4 by E 80;
$3943. - "
Isaac and Flora E. Werthelmer to Kate H.
Werthelmer, lot on X line of Army street, 80 iS of
Xoe, E 80 by X 114; $10.
Bridget Duncan to Mary sperlson, lot on W line
of Le Koy place, 9-':« X of Sacramento street, N
22:6 by W 60; $10.
Georee L. Carroll to Mary E. Carroll, lot on S .
line of Mission street. 76 W of First, W 96:3 by H
80: also lot on SE corner of Market and Sanchez
streets, S 96:10%. E 125, X 60, W 83::. 1/2. N 74:4
or 68:6% to S linn Market street, SW 49 10 begin
ning; also lot on SW corner of Twenty-eighth and
Xoe streets, W 560 by » 228: also let on NX
corner of Castro and Twenty-ninth streets, >' 'i'lS,
E 660, S 176:6, W 105, S 51:6, W 465; also lot on
KW corner of l wenty-eignth and >>oe streets, X
101:6, W 117, X 12:6, W 335, S 114, E 442: also
lot on S line of Fifteenth street, 79:8% E of San
chez, £ 50 by S 100; $10.
Almy A. Li ton to Mrs. Minna I'oerst, undi
vided quarter of lot on SE line of Folsom street,
82:6 8W of Hawthorne, S\V 30, SE 112:6, XE
9:6. NW 2a NE 20:6, KW 84 (82%); $5.
Daniel and Clara Meyer to Jacob Sanders, lot on
NX line of Seventh street, 193:9 bEof Howard,
SE 56:3 by NE 90; $5.
Southern Pacific Conpany to Emily J. Wilson
(undivided 31-200), Henry M. Tlce (undivided
38-200) and san Francisco and Fresno Land Com
pany (undivided 31-200). lot on \V line of Florida
street, 254:6 Not Sixteenth (Center), X 29:6, W*
100, SE 104; $10. I
Charles Wlnther to Marie N. Winiher, lots 745
and 746, gift man No. 2; $10
William Linden to David and Sarah Linden, lot
on SAY line of Fifteenth avenue south, 300 >*\V of
R street south, XW 26 by SW 100, ON. & H.
303: $300. . . , s
Olaf and Toblne Conradsen to Ellen T. (wife of
Charles A. Kiider), lot 16, block 4, Castro-street
Additio.l, subdivision 1: $10.
Julius A. and tllen Gass to Theodore Verhoe
ven, lot beginning at intersection of SE line of
Cbeuery street and E boundary line of lands of
Castro-street Land Company, 6 82 deg. 52 rain., W
53:101/8. S 56 deg. 49 mm., >- 67:51,4, X 4 deg. 15
mm., W 45:8: also lot on E line of Carrie street,
125 X of Wilder. X 43, S 56 deg. 49 mm., E 104:5,
S 10;7, W 102:8, lot 7, bock 3, Fairmount Exten
sion Homestead Association; $10.
. ALAMKDA COUNTY. " .
: William and Selina Kyle to Jane E. Stratton>
lot 30, block B, Oakland View Homestead, Oak
land; $5. .'..
A. A. Fink to Theodore Wagner, lot 19 block
63, lot 7 block 62, Tract B. Berkeley . Loan and
Title Insurance Association, Berkeley: also lot
23, bock 2, Dowling Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Edward J. and Elizabeth F. Duffy to George L.
Payne, lot on SE corner of Vine and Arch streets.
545 by E ISS. being portion of lot 10. block "
property of ■ Berkeley View Homestead Associa
tion, Berkeley: $10.
William Clark to same, lot on E line of Arch
street. 45 S of Vine, 3 45:1 by E 135, being por
tion of lots 9 and 10, block 2, same, Berkeley: $10.
MagKie Jones to George T. Hawiey, lots 12, 13
and 14. block E, Bnena Ventura Tract, map 2,
Brooklyn Township: $200.
V. K. and Gertrude A. Cragin to Bertha M.
Delafleld. lot 3, bloc H, Latham Terrace, Seat
Oakland; $10. .
v Florence L. Johnson to Frank Rose, ell interest
In lots 4 and 6, block 66, town of Niles, Washing
ton Township; $5. .
: Christian and Martha O. Schrelber to W. A.
Schrock, lot on E line of Pine street, 75:71,4 8 of
William, 8 26 by E 80:7%, being lot 20, block 33,
lands Oakland Point ferry landing. Oakland; also
lot on X line of Harmon street, 350 W of Calais,
X 135 by W 50, being lot 8, block C, Harmou
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Margaret P. McCourtney to Margarette Belden,
lot on X line of Forty-fourth street, 164:11 W of
Teleeraph ; avenue. W 50 by X 100, being lot 27,
block 2101. McCourtney Tract, reserving two cot
tages on said lan,!. Oakland Township: gift.
Same to B anche Belden. lot on X line of Forty
fourth street, 204.11 W of Teleeraph avenue, W
SO by ':■'• 100, being lot 29, block 2101. McCourtney
Tract, reserving two cottages on said land, Oak.
land Township; gift.
P. W. and Mary A. Beardon to J. J. O'Bourke,
i lots 9 and 12, block 3, £eandry and Peladeau
I property, Oakland Township; $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth U. Heron to William T.
Veitch, lot on SE line of Walsworth avenue, 270
XX of Bay o Vista, XE 60 by SB 125, being the
XE 55 feet of lot 8 and the SW 5 feet of lot 7.
block C, Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
William J. and Virginia R. Dingee to Thomas
E. Hanson, lots 7, 8 and 9, man of Piedmont Tract,
Oakland Township; $5. ' ' -
. Frank A. Pratt to B. F. Burgess, lot on 8 corner
of Baker avenue and .Virginia street, SW 25 by
SE 125, being lot 6 and X 25 feet of lot 36, Gem
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
■ W. M. ! and Anna M. E. Sack to George M. Dea
con, lot 107, Encinal Park Tract, Alameda: $10.
■■ George McG. and Eldora L. Deacon to Julius A.
Bemmel, same, Alameda; $10.
William J. and Virginia K. Dinsee and Oakland
Water Company to County of Alameda, a strip of
land 40 feet In. width, the center of which Is
described as follows: Beginning at a point in the
center of the present traveled road from Oakland
to Mora Valley, 40 feet Wof Summit Thorn
Hill, from which Station 35 of exterior boundary
survey of Rancho San Antonio bears NX 74,
thence NW 206, s>\V 117. W 443, SW 106, SW 57,
SW27I, 136, XW 175. SW 84, SE 160. MS
125, WE 105, 8 90, SB 128, SE 88, SW 69, SiV 164.
SW 136, SE 236, SE 55, XW 370. .-S\V 200, SW9O,
SW 70. SW 242. SW 60, SE 272, SW 150, iSK 150,
i SW 180. SE 220, hE 220, >W 208, SW 160, SW
92, SW 142, SW 670. SW 100. SW 220, s\V 1:2,
SW 100, SW 120 feet from which the most south
ern corner of lands of Gibson bears SW 173 feet,
thence SW. 280, Sh 190, SE 87 . feet to point on
line dividing the lands of Dingee and Medau, from
which an angle in said line bears XE along fence
1220 feet distant to be used for public road;
grant. • ■ ■ ' •
James E. Wood to tame, a strip of land 10 feet
wide, the center line of which Is described as fol
lows: Beginning at a point on NE line of the
county road from Hay wards to Niles, NW 169:50
from the intersection of said line to SE boundary
line of 120-acre tract of James E. and Benjamin.
Wood, thence NE 1582 feet, NE 262 feet, from
which the most south corner of a house bears 813
66.30 feet distant, and willow tree bears SE 31:6
to beginning, together. with all water rights, etc.;
aiso beginning at a point on county road from
Hay wards to Niles. XW 157.50 distant from SB
boundary of 120-acre tract of Wood, thence NW
25, XE 2a, SE 25, SW 25 to beginning, beings
portion of Kancho Arrovp de la ,tlame<la, together
with water rights, etc., Eden Township: grant. -
■ C. M. Dougherty to same, water rights over lota
beginning at a point on W side or county road, Vil
lage of Dublin to Village of Limerick, from which
the most 8 corner of lot 62, map of subdivision,
Plat A, Dougherty Tract, bear? S 291. thence XW >
2960, to an opening from which an elder tree
bears SW 76 distant: also lot beginning at end of
above described center line from which an elder
bears SW 76 distant, thence SW 25, NW 50. NE
50 SE 50, SW 25 to beginning, being a portion of
lot 69 subdivision, PUt A, Dougherty Tract, Mur
ray Township; grant.
• Mary A. Belden (wife of £. S.) and James f.Me-
Courtney to Richard J. Montgomery, lot on B
line of Magnolia street, 210 N W of Fourteenth, S
39 by E 128:3, block 587, Oakland: $10.
• Bridge: Dwyer to Maria Sears (wife of Martin),
lot on S line of Third strtet, 100 W of Filbert. w
25 by X 94, being lot 5, block 480, Adeline and
Market-street Homestead,' subject to mortgage,
Oakland; gift. V
- Mary T. Gavin to Theodore Gler,, lot on X cor
ner of Monroe street and Twenty-thlra avenue.
SE 180.12, X 69.10, NW 178.86, SW 43.70 to
besinning, being lot 1," Draper Tract, East Oak
land: $10. ;;- : - ■■'■'-■■■-
Margaret P. McCourtney to Matilda McCourtney,
lot on X line of l-orty-thlrd street, 102 W of Tele- ;
graph avenue, W 50 by X 100, belne lot 27, block:
2100. McCourtney Tract, reservlnz cottage on said
' land, Oaklar.d Township; gift. '?^3^BB
_ 1 ♦ ■»
"A French railway company has ordered
clocks to be placed on the outside of every
locomotive. ■* . : ~ •
/TIIL : -Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL Gi «4C2SIfEABNYST. Established
fif*l I*^ *^ In I HS * for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABXV ST. Established
in ISs*forthetreatinentof Private
Dlseusfs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
4w@?e£4 disease wearing on bodyond mind and
tfMBwHIEI Skin Diseases, Thedoctorcureswbeu
j^Raaaara others fall. Try him. Charges low.
'CMBHEBai fnrf.uDarantPfd. Callorwrite.
Or. J, V. uIBBON. Box l»37.Saa Francisco,
1314
Mings
.Mining
The Fort Jones Reporter Bays that pri
vate news has just been received at that
office that Weidon J. Brown has discovered
a mammoth ledge, rich in platinum, on
the other side of the Siskiyous. It is not
known bow thick the vein is, but it shows
croppings of thirty feet. This statement
comes from a reliable source, and our in
formant says there is no doubt but what
it is one of the greatest discoveries made
on the coast in recent years. If true it
may be set down as unparalleled in the
world. It is unlikely that it is that metal.
The first mill erected in California was
not built in Grass Valley in 1850 as stated
by Mr. Abadie. Mariposa County claims
that distinction and accords it to a mill of j
eight stamps, each in its own separate i
mortar, erected on the Mariposa estate
late in the summer of 1850. It was not
till the following January that a mill was
erected on the west bank of Wolf Creek, ]
nearly opposite the site of the present i
Empire mill at Grass Valley.— F. A. Rick- j
ard, State Geologist of Colorado.
A friend of the Modesto Herald says i
that the Stockton men who recently went
up the Tuolumne to operate a new gold
extracting and saving machine are meet
ing with success. They are now at worK
on the sand bars opposite Tail Holt. The
machine is designed to catch ana retain]
the very fine or float gold that is to be
found in comparatively large quantities
in the sand of the streams, and according |
to the correspondent, is meeting the ex- j
pectations of its operators. Now that har
vest is nearly over, it might pay some of
our farmers and idle men to investigate
the merits of this new apparatus, with a
view to obtaining duplicates and operating
them.
An Oakland telegram says: "Articles ;
of incorporation of the Grass Valley Gold
Mining Company were filed to-day to
carry on a mining business near Grass !
Valley, in Nevada County. It is proposed i
to carry on operations on a large scale, j
judging from the amount of the capital
stock, which is $1,000,000, with $72,000
subscribed. The incorporators and the j
amount subscribed by each are: Auralius |
Brodt, $50,000; F. J. Meckfessel, $10,000; I
W. A. McNaugnten, $10,000; George !
Schultz, $1000, and H. J. Lewis, $1000."
A twenty-stamp mill will be erected on !
the Thorpe mine in Calaveras.
Ten additional stamps will soon be
erected on the Herman mine of Placer <
County.
Gold has been found in the streets of j
Fresno which yields about 8 cents to the
pan.
Thirty stamps will 'be added to the ■
twenty already at the Grand Victory
mine of El Dorado County.
At the celebrated Utica mine at Angels j
186 stamps are running and ore mils $15
per ton in free gold.
The forty-stamp mill at the Poosi be
longing to the Merced Gold Mining Com
pany is running full time.
The hydraulic miners at Oro Fino, Sis
kiyou County, expect to be able to keep
their giants at work until after the Fourth
of July this year.
Another dividend of $6 per share has
been declared by the Morning Star mine.
Placer County. It is oue of the most
lucrative gravel mines in the State.
The owners of the Eclipse gravel mine
at Soda Bar, Trinity County, have leased
it to parties who will commence opening
and developing immediately. '
Active operations are to be commenced
on the White Swan mine, a location situ
ated a short distance from the famous
Gwin mine of Calaveras County.
The Emerson mine, located a mile and
a halt from Mokelumne Hill, will soon be
opened up. One thousand feet of fifteen
inch steel pipe and ail the necessary ma
chinery and timber for a complete hoist- i
mc plant are now en route from San Fran
cisco.
The owners of the Redstone mine, sit
uated in Placer County, will add five
stamps immediately to the mill already
un and contemplate putting in • twenty
stamps at a point 1300 feet down the river.
Concentrators will tie put in also, two to j
each five stamps.
The Yuma Sun Bays: The Planet- i
Saturn Mining Company has contracted !
with the railroad companies for the trans- I
portation 200,000 pounds of machinery
from Chicago to Congress Junction for
their Fools' Gulch properties. The com
pany, is prepariae to work these prop
erties on a big scale. The mill is expected
to be up and in operation by November.
Local geologists in Plumas County ad
vance the plausible theory that before
the upheave of the Sierra Nevada a river
vas running through the United States
from north to south down into Mexico,
and even South America, and that the
rich diggings on the American, Feather
and Yuba rivers resulted from the cutting
of these rivers into the ancient river bed
that they, cross.
According to data collected by Secretary
Parsons of the Colorado Mining Exchange
the cold production of Cripple Creek in I
first six months of this year was $7,256,000. !
He estimates a total production of 1896 i
will be $15,000,000. That camp produced !
in 1895 $9,199,000.
It is claimed that 45,000 tons of ore are
treated monthly in the United States by
the cyanide process recovering $500,000.
The trolley system introduced in the j
deepest level" ol the United Verde Com
pany's mine for the handling of ore has !
turned out to be a success in all respects, j
The Diestlehorst dredger has been in j
operation in the Klamath River rear !
Quigley's for nearly a ; week past. The
running expenses are not large, a force of
five men only being «employed on both
shifts. A tub of gravel measuring one
cuoic yard and .weighing 1000 pounds is i
raised every minute of the twenty hours i
which constitute a.day's work. • It has
been estimated that the gravel will pay an
average of IP cents to the cubic yard,
which would make the yield $120 per" day.
If the gravel only pays half as much, the
dredger is a paying proposition.— Siskiyou
News.
Recent developments in working the
beds of rivers seem to promise success, and
may be the dawning of j a profitable era in
mining river beds by machinery. : The big
mining boat designed to save" gold from
the bars in the, Snake and Clearwater j
rivers in Idaho, recently put in operation, I
has proved a great success. The first ex
periment was made on a bar not known to
be rich, the gold of which was peculiarly
liebt and flaky. Examination showed
hardly a color left, in the sand, and the
dirt worked paid 27 cents to the cubic yard.
A miner named Martin Neilby, return
ing from an unsuccessful trip to the Sal
mon River district, had reached Columbia
River six miles north of Trail Landing,
B. C, sat down to eat his lunch, and,
noticing a bu^e boulder half-buried in the
sand, had the curiosity to strike his pick
into it. and was surprised to observe dis
tinct traces of gold and copper, pieces of
which he; took to Rossland and had
assayed arid which gave $58 per ton. The j
bowlder is estimated to weigh 20,000 tons,
and is vaiued at $1,000,000.
The ' South African ; gold fields do not
seem the most ' desirable place on earth
lor miners. Wages are oat of all propor
tion to the price of living. Miners receive
at the most $20 per«week, and board costs
from $12 50 to $15. The price of water
varies from 10 to 25 cents a gallon ; a two
pound can of fruit is from 80 to 90 cents;
flour about $350 per ton, or $17 50 per 100
pounds; horse feed from lb to 20 cents per
pound; a quart bottle of beer issl; and
everything else sells at outrageous prices.
The majority of the miners are boardine
themselves the best way they can so as to
save enough money to take them out of
the country.
The rivers and water sources in the in
terior ot the State are running very low
and in consequence greatly crippling the
work of mills, forcing the suspension of
many.. Not for years has there been such
a scarcity of water. As it is an ill wind
that blows nobody pood, the river-bar
mines are reaping the benefit.
The Grass Valley Union says: Twenty
stamps of the Providence will be in fine
repair and started up this morning to
crush while tbe remaining twenty will be
overhauled. Superintendent McKinley is
doing the work in a thoroughly sys
tematic manner and says that all the
stamps will be dropping again in a
month's time. The old mill has stood for
many years and was badly in need of re
pairs.
We see by the Grass Valley Tidings that
the chlorination works of the Providence
burned down on tbe morning of the 20th.
The plant was one of the best equipped
and most expensive in the district and is a
total loss. It was only by the hardest
kind of work that the forty-stamp mill
was saved.
The Aspen (Colo.) Times says a strike
was made in Gold Bug and Florence lodes
in Independence Pass District, on tbe line
of Pitkin and Lake counties. Tde ore
body shows returns as high as $340 to the
ton in gold.
The Robinson gold mine in Transvaal
has increased its output from 12,821 ounces
in January to 20,343 ounces in June, the
value according to the usual value of Wit
watersrand bullion making the gross earn
ines of the mine for June about $343,000,
the ore averaging about one ounce to the
ton.
M. Moissan, tbe French chemist, has
found out that if iron is saturated with car
bon at the high temperatures of the electric
furnace, some of the carbon, in cooling,
will separate in the form of true diamond.
M. Rossel has shown that hard steel,
owing to the methods of manufacture,
contains diamonds, minute crystals being
found when the steel is dissolved by acids.
The production of precious metals in
British Columbia is increasing rapidly.
The official returns show that in 1894 the
aggregate value of precious metals mined
in the province was $1,000,000. Last year
the value was $5,038,375, and this year the
output will be greater, judging from the
three months ending July 25, when the es
timated value of gold smelted and shipped
was $1,700,000
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C F Burns, Cazadero G M i oote, Hollister
J F Stuart, New York Miss R R Taylor, Napa
W Kemp <fc eh. El Paso J A Collins A w, Hay wds
J T Johnson & w, Oakld J v eil, Sacramento
R P Gross, Stanford B Adams. Stanford
Mrs M Fox, Syracuse D H Bair, Sacramento
J stett, Ukiab S R Peabody, Stockton
R W Stockton G Con way. Cal
\V P Miller Jr, selby J A Brown. Sacramento
F Wolfskill, Santa Cruz S Doane <fe w, Ked Bluff
C A Campbell, Red Bluff A G Ne eper. Los Ang
Miss a Cabin, Honolulu J A Plnte, Los Angeles
C Langater. Los Aneeles F \V Abbott, H I
J W HartE.'U <fe w, Jcksn Miss M cobb, San Jose
Mr <fc Mrs Digsdale, Cal C > Mann, Los .\ngeits
E G Crow, St Louis Mrs X G Crow <fe eh, Mo
H E Hill, Palo Alto , H G HI 1, Palo Alto
I Cowran, Sacramento W H Heed, Cleveland
It Lesser. New York L M Bernard, Sacto
M F bpaulding, sacto X B Hornung, Cal
J J White, Fresno G W Morgan, luncans
Key s Hirst, Valiejo Mrs Hirst <£ eh, Vallejo
R C Ware, San Antonio R A Culberson, S Antonio
F R G O'Neil. New York A X Clapp, Keno
E G Babcock, Reno Miss Christopher, Cal
MiBS Stevenson, Menlo J A Collinsifc w.tiayards
J Durham, Chicago J M Moore, Anacortes
J A Moore, Blue Lake H McLeod, Sacramento
J C i-oyd <fe w, Sacto
BUSS HOUSE.
J J Hughes, Mlddleton H Schloper. San Rafael
D F Majors, Concord N S Harrold. Stockton
M Myers <fe w, San Jose T L Bolion, San Jose
W O Adams, Wheatland BO K-nney, Palo Al:o
J R Putnam, Dixon J D Wads worth, S Rosa
E J Thompson Aw. Or G Lougbead, GraysOn
G C Bothiu Paso Robles J A GUI, Portland
Miss Boutin, Paso Robles J F Barry, Council Bluffs
J Stenner, Y'reka J McKaden, Liixon
E V Spencer, Susanville J O Burns, Sacramento
C X King, Healdsburg D E Jones, Sacramento
Mra Waters, Sacramento X V Nolan, Sacramento
M r Dooley. Hohister J Fallon, Holltster
A Clifford <fe w, Rockford F Nathan <fe w, Palo Alto
D Heggerty & w.Oakland H L i'ace <fc fam, Tulare
L A Richards, Grayson E B Spinner, Modesto
Miss M W'eldon, Grayson Miss L Burley, Modesto
Miss E W'eldon, Graysou Mrs Sargent, Santa Cruz
Mrs Murray Af, Tulare Mrs C Russell, Tulare
Mrs W Whlte.santaCruz G Jones A w, silver City
L G Gilman, Santa Cruz J Holloway, Cloverdale
A Hermann, Pa W D Keyser, Pieta
J T Clark, Sacramento W G Lick, New Bedford
G L Dnnlapp, 111 L Dean & w, Keno
M Dixon Aw, Oakland L H Petterson, Vacaville
PALACE HOTEL.
E H Filbert, Boston J D Hardin, lowa
Mrs J D Stump, NY J C Surges, Denver
o C Fanpel, Merced Howard Paschal, Cal
J Lan^ton, NY li D Murphy. San Jose
A E Smith, M D, Portld Geo Norman, Va
S D Mitcheson. London P R Jaques, England
J F Frith, New Zealand c L Wragge, Brisbane
Frank Farnell, NS W Mrs Farnell, NS \V
Miss Cox, NSW lAT Johnson, England
H A Harper, N T O«McGill. N V
Miss D Dudley, N V Mrs G W Frost, Md
W B Biddle, w <fc c, Ed Chambers. L Angeles
Chicago C H Jordan, Stanford
D T Davis, Wash Dav£i Ingle <fe w, Evans-
Mrs E P Buckingham, vide
Vacaville . E R Baird. Norfolk
F W Humes, Milwaukee J F Dennis, Reno
G E Griswold, Chicago HM Mel mosh, Stanford
Mrs Geo Mills, Carson A Knox, Carson
S N Rucker, San Jose W J Walters, London
Mrs H Stone, China J E McDowell, Stanford
P McDonuell, Stanford
LICK HOUSE.
Miss A Winn, S Diego MissL Winn, San Diego
T B Lathrop, Naples H J Carlin, Cal
F X Towne, Mayfleld W G Holmes, Cal
A L Gates. Oakland D Schilling, Portland
H C Van Ness. N V \V H Wilbur, Cal
MissL L»ninner, Wis Miss J McNeil, Wis
Mrs M T Simmons. Wis C F Cadwaader, R Bluff
E H Winter, Willows E H Daggett, Visalia
J A Hannah, Visalia F Berrlnger, St Helena
L F Hat fit-iil. Sacto H B Pa ion. Go den
J O Carlisle, Oroville E H Adams, N V
A L Bryan, Napa W F Detert, Jackson
Mrsß C Wood&c.S Jose T B Bond, Lakepou
Mrs J Half. Marvsville Miss M Hale, MarysviUe
C Boga i, San Rafael H C Davis, Cloverdale
B S c hurca, San Jose W B French, Oakland
J J Clinch, Oakland T B Bond, Byrou
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Pollard *. w, Taunton N Cherry, Prescott
H .\ Cool Aw, Spokane A Woolslayer, Benicla
C Bates. Stockton J 1 bomas, N V
W Jackson. N V C Rucks, Vernalls
H Moulton A w. Cal O W Hardman, Cal
M V Surley, Chicago D Dooley & w, Chicago
A G Blake, Chicago W W Johnson, Oakland
C Hamilton. Oakland A N Kidmore. U S N
J Chrisllusin, BremwoodG A Brady, Oakland
J Armstrong * w, Seattle R H Eddy, Springfield
J R Maurey, Buffalo H E Arnoid, Springfield
J E Witon, Stockton J Adamson, Springfield
F H Hoffman, Los Ang W Sprague, Springfield
S Nelsh, Stockton J P Wylar, Sacramento
C Ventura. Chicago G Williams. Bakers Meld
B Jones, Bakersfield J Curran, Sacramento
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Campbell, Grass Val W McKinlay <fe wf, Neva-
J Smith A wf. Oakland da City
B M Birdiall, Sonoma S ai Xli e«fc fm.C'orvallls
W F Fostner, N V Mrs Seaborg <fc maid, or
E X Franklin. R V E Graves. Sn LuisOblspo
M Harofr, Chicago X J Bernt, Milwaukee
C T Colvin, Vall-jo G Bassett, Columbus
F Fitzgerald, San Jose Miss F Scott, N V
F A Jones, Arizona F Abbott, Arizona
C Stewart, El Paso R Dolan, El Paso
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali—
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, »pc»
nntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
f__s» ; YER B A BUEN A V LOHGE OF . . r , r
w^*' Perfection . No. I— Regular meeting H
THIS (FKIDAY) EVENING, August 28, 1%
at 8 O'clock. D. 4. _/• y,
OEO. J. HOB", Secretary. . f *~ r ™
IKjB 5 ' PAINTERS' RALLY — EVE YBODY
•"-*^ , invited to attend mass-meeting a 115 Turk
SU SATURDAY.- EVENING, Aug. W. Good
BDeakers, music, etc. - Free, tree. . ... v . :;,,
ftZZB' BLAINE CLUB MEETS TO-NIGHT, K.
fc-*' R. H. Hall, Mason su : el< quent speaker*
will address It. 1 HOS. DESMOND. President.
: John- Kii.rkkad, Secretary." :.:
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ; ,
Bf_S=» DIVIDKND NOTICE — TO~- THE
m*& shareholders of the lndcptndeut Red Men's
Hail Association— Gents: Please take notice that
at the lnsi regular meeting of the Board of Di-
rectors of said association, on August 4, 1896, a >
dividend of 50 cents per share has been declared :
and is due and payable on Friday,' August 28, at
8 o'clock p. m., in the Red ■ Men's . Hall, 510 Bush
streeu - C. R, RODE, President. "
. B. A. Sahmansi Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
SPECIAIi NOTICES.
'x^^^^RjSTE^Sv!ssSoHF£ r UASB^EMiSvES
B^^- his offices to 22% Geary su, rooms 1 and 2.
8_35:» BAD TENANTS EJECTED ■ FOR j $4:
fS^ty collections made, ; city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montsy su. ■ room 6. ; Tel. 6580.
«>s3= BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
It^ La W am Collection Oflice, 1023 Market su v,
B__P . DR. BAYER REMOVED HIS OFFICE
Br^ to •14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary sU
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMAI.E.
R, HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY ""sT^
. furnish the best family and > hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. ■-.
Rs. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
11/' ANTED —BY A : YOUNG WOMAN, HON-
•■■ » » . est and reliable, housework * and cooking:
wages $20 to $25; light housework*, no wash,
wages $15; would do jani tress worK of any kind;
would assist cooking in hotel or boarding-house or
do chamberwork. Address MISS CLARA
CROSBY', 713 Broadway. ; r. '
ITUATION WANTED IN WIDOWER'S
family .by reliable woman as housekeeper: is
good seamstress and has best of references. Call
or address 163 Ninth st. - - - ■
OMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO COOK-
ing and general housework; $10 month. Call
or address 924 Washington st.. near Powell. '.
YOUNG GIRL, ABOUT 15, WANTS SITUA-
X tion to do light housework: sleep home. Call
or address 221 Fill more st. ■ "■■■'■'
T/»IRST-CLASB COOK WANTS SITUATION;
X institution or hotel: take full charge of kitchen:
references. Address B. P., box 134, Call Office.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES BITU-
X ation as housekeeper. Address S. A., : box ' 42,
this office. ■." • . - : - __■
f^RESSMAK^R WANTS FEW, MORE EN-
D gagemantsby the day: good cutter and litter.
Address O. H.. box 139. Call Office. ;
SITUATION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
waitress or to do chamberwork: good refer-
ences. Address R. M., box 92, Call Office.
YOUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X housework and cooking; first-class references.
3633 Post sU
ATEAT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION FOR
— 1 general housework or chamberwork. Apply
162 Natoma st. ' - •
LADY FROM EUROPE WOULD LIKE POSI-
XJ tlon as working housekeeper in country. Ad-
dress letters E. W., box 122, Call Office.
"YOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION IN'
X office or copying to do at home. Call 706 Ellis
su, ring two bells.
RESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS;
$125; cuts by tailor system; dresses made
over. Address R., 2518 Mission st. - ; ' ■'■.
pEKMAN WOMAN WANTS A PLACE AS
vT general houseworker; thoroughly competent.
Please call or address 819 Vallejo st.
HEALTHY, YOING WOMAN WHO HAS
lost her own baby would like one to nurse.
Apply MRS. KNAPP. 221 Minna St., city.
YOUNG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW DE-
X sires a position as housekeeper. Call 17 Mar-
ket su, room 19, second floor. .
ESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL WISHES TO
XV do cooking and housework. 2027 Ellis st. ; best
of city reference.
TNDUSTRIOUS, STRONG YOUNG WOMAN
X wishes worK; $1 25 per day; best references:
thoroughly experienced. M., box 20, Call Office.
WEDISH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
day; washing, ironing and house-cleaning .
Please call 2969 Twenty -fourth st, rear, bet. Har-
rison aud Alabama sts.
/COMPETENT NURSE DESIRES THE CARE
\J of an invalid; references. Address li., box 21.
Call Office.
P f SPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK OF
Xt any kind for afternoous from 1 o'clock. Ad-
dress M., box 18, his office.
ITUATIUN WANTED; WORKING HOUSE-
keeper or chambermaid: city or country. Call
or address 967 Mission st.
EKMAN GIRL ARRIVED FROM GERMANY
desires place to take care of children and do
housework. Apply MRS. ROWER, 111 Prospect
place.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
child wants work by the day ; cooking or gen-
eral housework. Call or address 434 Flub st.
ITUATION DESIRED BY COOK: EXCEL-
Ient refeiences: willing to do housework. 2415
Clay su - . .
pOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
\J place to do general housework. 668 Ninth -t.,
Oakland.
'«;TRuNG, RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS
O housework by the day or month: is good cook
and laundress. 748 lowardsu, near Fourth.
V^UNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS MTUA-
X tlon to do general housework. 428 Chestnut
St., in tbe rear.
W IDOW WOULD LIKE POSITION AS WORK-
"» ing housekeeper for widower or bachelor; City
or country. Call or address 21 Seventh st.
O TRONG, WILLING CATHOLIC GIRL;
k housework; good cook; kind to children; $18.
Apply between 2 and 4 at 2975 Twenty-fourth su,
near Harrison.
ADV DESIRES GENTLEMEN'S WASHING,
mending and plain sen-ing; will give care and
attention. Apply, rear 243 Shipley St., off Fifth,
between Folsom and Harrison. ' •■
ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER:
small family; good cooking; full care of the
home: terms moderate. Address Housekeeper,
2222 y Mission su
LADY WISHES TO GET A FEW HOURS
work from 7 till 12 a. m., every day. Apply
129 Fifth st., near Minnie, room 5.
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE GIRL
O as cook or to do upstairs work. Please call or
address 1612 Lyon st.
"T>EFINKD LADY WISHES POSITION AS
XV housekeeoer or seamstress. Call afternoon at
room 21. second floor. 821 Howard st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUA
\J tion, cooking and general housework; city or
country. Apply 29 Pleaiant st.
V OUNG WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES
X a position as housekeeper; widower's or bache-
lor's family. 1007 Market st ; apply.lo to 5 only.
p ERMAN EXPERIENCED GIRL WISHES
VT situation in a private family for upstairs work
and sewing: wages $20. Please call ai 318 Golden
Gate aye.
ANTED— BY A RESPECTABLE AMERI-
can woman work by the day: is a good laun-
dress and can do any kind of housework and give
good references. Address A. W., box 95, Call. -
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUATION. AS
X cook; French or German preferred. Call room
10, 110 Sixth sU . . . ■. . .
WINCHES 1 EX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: ,200 ; rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
lree bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■
a WEEKS NEWS FOR .5 CENTS— THH
xi. WEEKLY CALL, in — raDner. for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED-BIAIiE.
STEADY AN^r^ELIABLE^TAN'w'HO^UN^
derstands the care of horses, can milk and do
garden work, wishes situation; best references. L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton St..
UNTER <fe CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office." 17 Webb su, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; te). main 231. W.CYOUNG, mgr
T APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT •
O best help. 314b Sutter st. tel. Grant 30. ' '::■-
-HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J ottice; best heip. 414V 2 O'Farreli: tel. K. 42&
Cji A WANTED— POSITION AS BUTLER IN
X \J . private family by 'young "Englishman:
single; highest references and many years' ex-
perience; or would pay above: sum to anybody
procuring me lucrative position of trust. Address
Englishman, box 108, Call.
YOUNG BOY OF GOOD ADDRESSrFAIRLY
X good scholar, would like to get into a lawyer's
or doctor's office, or would go short distance into
the country, do light chores and go to school. • Call :
or address for 3 days, M. D., 119 Ninth st. '
AKEK-SITU AT lON WANTED AS ASSIST-
ant; • good worker and workman: English;
strong; age 24: experienced; $10 week: no board.
Seen any lime at Shasta House,' 26 Sacramento
St., S. r\, near terry. • • ■ - . .
"POSITION : WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
J by a sober and steady young German; under-
stands care of horses; is good gardener; ■ 2 years'
e.xperieme: first-class references. Address R. S.
box 86, Call. ~\
yoiNG SWEDE WANTS WORK; IS GOOD
X carpenter and bandy with tools and machinery:
also garde and farm work : goo 1 horseman refer-
ences. WILLIAM, 264 Minna SU , : ■
ITUATION ■■■■ WANTED BY SOBER YOUNG
man: understands care of horses, rigs, cows
and garden; Is good driver. ■ Address F. M., 537
Sacramento st. . , .
OACHMAN— A YOUNG MAN FROM THE
) East wants a situation as coachman- under-
stands gardening; best of references. Address A"..'
box 41, Call. * : \< ;._ .-•::•: .;; -.■>; .:■-:.. i\'{-
CIOMPETKNT MAN , .WISHES PLACE AS
/ foreman on farm or stock ranch: northern-
part of -late preferred; married; no children. Ad-
dress GEORGE A. FRAME, Vis. ilia. Cal .
ITUATIO.N WANTED AS CAMP COOK; EX-
perienced: dean, good baker; or cook lor small
gang: low wages; experienced; reference. B;, 26
Sacramento St., city. •:■-.• ".. .- .;,..;  '■■■> :-■■.•_ .. -,. v -._..
V<->UNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AROUND
X a private place; can do any kind of work: un-
derstands care of horses and cows. Call or address
C. M., box 117, Call. - ..:■■:■■: •; .- .; ■,■■-■-
-IRONO HOY OF 16, RESIDING WITH
parents: can drive wagon; wishes work In
grocery or butcher-shop; references. Address W.
C, box 106, Call Office. r '•;-. :-j ; .'•■-.
/1 OOD • LABORER WANTS TO CUT SMALL
\T lots, of wood by contract in city or other odd
jobs ot work by piece-work. Address 1 . L., box
14, Call Office. i ..:. /; . .-
AUNDRYMAN WANTS SITUATION; HAS
XJ a thorough knowledge of the business in all
Its branches. Address A. 8., box 81, Call Office
I BOOKKEEPER OK OFFICE WORK: BEST'
IJ of ref rence: :)0 years' experience: salary no
object. , Address M., box 13, Call.
'"IX7" ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN, POSITION ON
tt private place. Please call or address 48 East
i St., corner Mission, room 38.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Contlnned.
AS'BARKEEPERr BEST. 1 city - refer-
ences: ■: single: " speaks German > and - English
well. Barkeeper, 681 Mission at; room 36. :
TjMRST-CLASS SHORT ORDER COOK WANTS
-I work. Apply CHAS. KNAPP, 221 Minna sU
THIRST-CLASS COOK WANTS POSITION;
X best of references. Address 2505% Mission st.
pHIN EKE, GOOD " COOK, WANTS; A SITU a"
\J lion in private family: city or country; good
references. ' Address H. A CO., 713 Pacific st. 'V :;
AN wants work IN RESTAURANT or
'hotel as dishwasher or vegetable man: will
make himself generally useful; sober and reliable.
Address Reliable, Capitol House, 537 Sacramento.*
YOUNG MAN GOING TO NEW YORK OVER-
; X land would like to defray his expenses by ad-
vertising some reliable firm : first-class references.
Address Y. 1., box 122, Call Office. . ;
-I.EADY young MAN wants to DRIVE
wagon, or can work second hand in a bakery.
Address B, box 9, Call Office, Oakland. ' . ' . -
AIANESE, YOUNG. NEAT BOY WANTS A
O situation as schoolboy; speaks English. 'TA-
SHIRu, 121 Halght sU, Japanese Y. M. C. A. -
pOOK WANTS SITUATION ; WIFE AS HELP-
*J er; restaurant, hotel or boarding-house. Aa-
dress C. W., box 18, Call Office. :-; v ;
SITUATION WANTED IN PRIVATE FAMI-
Iy by first-class gardener, who understands all
kinds of work around private place; good refer-
ences. Address N. ANDERSON, 657 Howard St.'
OUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION ; IS
I cooper by trade: understands running winery, ■
distillery, boiler and engine. Address 408 Capp su
T7INGINEER, COMPETENT MECHANIC,"
XJ wants position; experienced on air compressor,
hoisting, traction and pumps: references. Ad-
dress I. B. KILGORE, Concord, CaL
XPERIENCEDMAS WISHES SITUATION
XJas foreman on fruit ranch: . experienced in
raisin and fruit planting, packing, etc. Address
E. C. box 6, Call Office. ■■■'■■. -'r-W
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
■T I Market— Electric ; lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $160 to $6 per
week: free bos and baggatretoand from the ferry.
JAPANESE BUTLER WANTS .- SITUATION
0 In private family; has dress coat; long experi-
ence; can also do first-class French cooking. Please
address H. S. M., box 49, Call Office. : - ,'
C COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
V^ engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market St.; S. F., CaL - --
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric I lights in | every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
. ; FEMALE HELP WANTED.
p ERM AN OR^"s WEDIS IH "Th A MBE i RM A ID
" J and laundress. $25; cook, German or Swedish.
$30: second girl, $25: 12 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist,
$10toS15. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutter st.
AT EAT REFINED YOUNG GIRL, $15; HOUSE-
— work. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter sU
IJEKINKD MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, ASSIST,
IV country hotel, $16: Nevada; fare paid. MISS
CULLKN, 323 Sutter St. • '.'-..
SCANDINAVIAN OR 'GERMAN HOUSE-
work girl, $30; 3in family. MISS CULLEN,
323 -utter st.
OUSKWORK GIRL, OAKLAND. $20: ALA-
meda, $20; Sonora. C 25; San Rafael, $26, and
Other towns. MIsS CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
EAT WAITRESS PRIVATE FAMILY, $25.
-1 Miss C ULLEN. 323 Sutter SU
!> GEiiMAN AND SCANDINAVIAN GEN-
♦-> eral housework girls, $25; 2 German or Scan-
dinavian or French general housework girls, $20;
housework girls, city or country, $15, $10; Ger-
man cook, private family, 12:30 p. it until after
dinner, sleep home, $15; Scandinavian nursegirl,
child 14 months o'.d, country hotel, $20. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary sU :
HEAD WAITRESS HOTEL, CITY; WAlT-
ress, country hotel, fare paid; chambermaid,
wait one meal, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
oeary st. . .
EAD WAITRESS, $25 TO $30 AND ROOM:
waitress for Coinsa, Cal.. see party In office 9
to 11 A.M.; young girl to assist In small hotel,
city, $15 and room: German woman as cook, $35,
etc.; colored woman as cook, $7 a week; cbaraber-
mald, a2O and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
G" IRL FOR SONOKA, $20. SEE PARTY
here: girl for Baker su, $20; girl In family of
2, suiter su, $20; girl for Livermore, $15; girl for
Frnltvale, $15: girl for Decota, Cal.. $15; German
girl, city, $20: colored woman as cook, $7 a week.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market sU -• --?
\\T ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
' » cook, no wash, $30; German or Scandinavian
laundress or chambermaid, $25: Protestant sec-
ond girl. $20: Institution cook, $30: ranch cook,
$20; chambermaid and waitress, $20: restaurant
waitress. $25: hotel laundress, $20: and girls for
cooking and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 312 Slitter st.
_A MEN, WOMEN. CHILDREN AND FAM-
i\J Hies to pick hops near Santa Rosa; see boss
at our office 10 a. m. MURRAY <fc READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
ttr WOMEN AND GIRLS CAN FIND SlT-
— •*) nations in families and hotels, $20 and $25.
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
\\T ANTED — FOR INSTITUTION.— NEAR
' ' city, a young woman (Protestant) for upstairs
work '■ and ' sewing: must be : neat and tidy and a
quick sewer; ' salary $20 per month and a good
home. Apply to W. D. EWER <fc CO.'S, 626 Clay.
WANTED— COOK INSTITUTION. $30; GER-
H man or French cook for boarding-house. $25;
Irish cook, country. $25: 3 French girls for house-
work, $20; nursegirl, $12; 2 German' cooks. $30
and $25. LEON ANDKE. 315 Stockton su
p ERMAN HOUSEGIRL, 3 IN FAMILY, $25;
VT 3 German cooks, $30: cook and second girl,
same house, $30 and $25. 316 Sutter st.
■ RIGHT, POPULAR YOUNG LADY; GOOD
1 salary if capable. - Room 433, Emporium
building.
C OPERATORS, 10 FINISHERS. 6 BUTTON-
••* hole-makers, 6 apprentices, on vests. R.
THOMAS, 6 Eddy sU •
l»T ANTED— A WOMAN FOR GENERAL
'» housew rk willing to go to Berkeley. Call be-
fore noon and after 4 p. m. 2012 Baker st. *
T UCRATIVE POSITION FOR A WOMAN OF
Lj tact: must be competent to direct and con-
trol. Address S. P., box 81, Call Office.
■yOUNG • WOMAN TO DO PLAIN COOKING
X and assist general housework. Apply from 9
to 3, 1303 Laguna sU :
ATEAT GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST HOUSE-
i- : work and children; wages $10 to $12. 841
Geary st. ,
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUBE-
VT work: small boarding-house. 621 Fulton.
l7»lßsr-CLASS FINISHER ON CUSTOM
JO coats. 626 Minna st. ■
"\ OUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE.
X work and assist with children. 3350 Eighteenth.
pIRLFORGERMANCOOKINGANDHOUSE-
VT work: small family. 2110 Post st.
\\T AN TED-COOK; ALSO UPSTAIRS GIRL.
»» Apply 1516 u'Farrell st. ■ . ■
\\r ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
'.»'." housework. 722 Golden Gate aye. ; .
"VTOUNGGIRL LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SMALL
X family; no washing; $10. 1506 Market st.
GOOD FINISHERS ON CLOAKS AND TAl-
lor suits; also bright apprentice girl. COHN,
ladles' tailor. 121 Post st. : :•■-':. ■"•:- •
ROTESTANT GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
X housework; $8. 3629 seventeenth su,' before
11 A. m. ;. -. : !_:.■-.- ' . ■..'".: .-..: ■■...:■-■;.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework. Apply after 9a. m. 919 McAllis
ter st. -;•'-.-• :.. .. .-_■:..; :
QALESLADIES WANTED; $50 A MONTH
O (contract) and commission: new thing; big
money. Apply 204 and 206 Leaven worth st.
The McDowell, largest a nd _est,Tn
X fact the only first-class, dressmaking school on
the coast. ; Patterns 25c up. : 636 Market su
VLYJiN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTB
"and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32 Va
Fremont st.*.- ■• : ;:;.;.'- > '- * --*..-<■ -»... rl
U AIRDKKSsINO, 250 AND 35c: MORNING
XJ. and eve classes: 10 legsons,sl 60. 1248 Mission.
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell su, 105 9th.
\| OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
JX Winchester House, 44 Third at., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $3
i,.>r wei-i; ; . free 'bus mid tiaeL-a're 'oan<l from fern- '
MALE HELP ■ WANTED. .
WANTED— FOR INSTITUTION NEAbTcITY^
German waiter, must make himself generally
useful. $25 and found; second Dorter for hotel iv
city, 820; German dishwasher, small restaurant,
$17 per month; German waiter, small restaurant,
$17 per month; foreman for ranch, handy with
blacksmith tools, $35 and found 50 1 more men,
women and families to pick hops, provisions fur-
nished: blacksmith lor country shop; also farm-
ers, laborers, milkers and others. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 626 Clay s:. - v -
' ANTED-DKIVER' FOR MILK WAGON
In city, must be experienced and have city
references as driver of ■ milk wai'On: wages, $35
per month and found. W. D. EWER A CO.. 626
Clay. -. ;-- ... '. ;-.■■-,■■■: ".; . :■ .. .-,;■• ; ■ T. -■- ,•■-'■■■..■
'JAA HOP-PICKERS; .SECOND GERMAN
OV/v baker, country shop: 5 cooks: 3 waiters; 2
dishwashers. , MURRAY <& READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 aud 636 Clay st. / ,
4() MEN, BOY'S, WOMEN AND CHILDREN I
""•to pick hops near Santa Rosa, see boss at our
office from 10 a. x. : farmer and ■ wife; 3 farmers;
2 | ranch I teamsters : ; . choreman for vineyard: ;20
tiemakers 8 cents each. MURRAY & READY,
Leatlin; Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
l\ ANTED — DAIRYMAN, AND WIFE, 5 $35
■' " and chance to 'board. 1 men; pain ter,' $30 and
found: < laborers, $1 - day and board . and $1 75 a
day: teamsters, $1 a day and board: 1 chore boy,
$10 and . found :■ cook, city," $30 and found; i wait-
ers, country, $15 and : *30; and others. Apply
to J. F. CKOSETT <fe CO., 628 Sacrnmento su -■ -
GANG .OF, RAILROAD i LABORERS TO GO
south : free fare, C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary buv;j ; ■ \-. ..;. .::.--".{\ :.-\.'.:" ■". ' -■-.-'. - :
Gang vof RAILROAD f LABORERS TO go
north; reduced fare: :no office fee. C R.
HANSEN A cO., no Geary su ?' : - : '
TRONER FOR COUNTRY, $35 AND FOUND;
X American man and wife, $60: cook, boarding-
house. $20. : R. T. WARD A CO., 688 and 610
Clay st. I ..-■'■-■.-•■•"" - ■ j ' --■• ■■ ■
■-- ... ■ .'.•■■■ - ■/-■ • •■; ■■• . ■ - ■'..-"■.: :-.-'
* ■. -;/ . HELP VW ANTED— Continued. .
~\r IDDLE-AGED .MAN: LIGHT WuRK: $8
-IX per month : i. room and - board." MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Butter st : ; ' : .-. .r'-.-.: \ "..-■:: -.; :■-" ; •■'. *■■
AN FOX Wi-.LL-DIGGING; , ALSO A CAR-
penter: I cook, I boarding-house, $25 and room.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market St. x ■ ■-'■:.->^ ;■ ■;.
T?XPErtIENC..D SALESMAN OF TEAS, CO
X2J fees and spices wanted in this ' city; also - two
traveling salesmen In Name line of business: also
two first-class tinners to-- bench work . wanted im-
mediately. ,-. Call on U. S. Industrial Agency, room
165, Crocker building. -■--?'- V- y.~ ■
\\T ANTED — A : STRICTLY : FIRST-CLASS
" dress-goods salesman: none other need apply.
523 Market si., room 7, ■ bet. 3 and 6 P. m.
ANTED— FOR COUNTRY,. 2 COAT-MAK-
ers, 1 pants and vest maker. •. Apply Merchant
Tailor, Dutch Flat, or come at once.
OOK, MALE, FOR SMALL ; BOARDINI -
house. RODDY.* HOTEL, f- Nebraska and
Twenty-sixth sts. ■-.: ' , ■
BARBERS WANTED: STEADY JOB. 137%
Fifth st. .:. ... -...-'■ :■■■-. -'■ '.- ,;
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 220
X> Kearny st."". i ; - '
OOD BARBER WANTED— COR. TWENTY-
fourth and Valencia sts. - .
ARBER FOR SATURDAY; CHANCE FOR
X) steady. 623 Clay, Baiters' Home. -. <
ANTED— A WAITER; MUST ALSO MAKE
beds. 922 Battery su . - ■ .
. OY, USED TO WAl'i AT TABLE; WAGES
$15 per month. 739 Fourth st " ,
SEAMEN AND ORDINARY AT <>NCE. 10
0 Steuart st., upstairs: call before 9 o'clock.
pOAT-MAKER FOR COUNTRY. APPLY 24
\J Sutter st. . -
p EKMAN DISHWASHER; $3 PER WEEK.
VJ" 17 Washington st. .
r\ ENERALSHOEMAKER WANTED, READY
VT for work. 1% Po k St., cor. Markeu
G 1 ! OOD PRESSER ON VESTS. .K. THOMAS,
T6 Eddy st. :;
I*7- ANTED — STEADY MAN FoR , PERM A-
*• nent position in nice genteel business; no
previous experience required: salary $76 : per
month; increase assured; must have $160 cash:
n o night work. : 917 Market St., room 2.
tTaDY i< ELI ABLE MAN; PARTNER:
paying butcher-shop: to deliver orders and col-
lect; $76. 632 Maritet St.. room 8. ■
QAA MEN TO SEE BEST VARIETY SHOW
O\JKJ in town : steam, 10c bottle. 120 Grant aye.
\\T ANTED — SALESMAN WHO HAS HAD
If »i experience in tea, coffee or crockery line; give
reference and salary expected; ' none others need
apply. Address A. F., box 96, Call Office,
ANTED— A SINGLE MAN AS DRIVER
and collector; good wages; steady job; must
give security for small amount, either bonds or
cash. M. C, box 91. Call Office.
TO GET A FIRST-KATE 16c MEAL FOR
X only 10c. go to the Seattle; 137 Fourth st.
BOYS TO SELL A STAPLE ARTICLE; GOOD
XJ proposition offered. ■ T., box 90, Call Office.
rpWO-CHAIR BARBER SHOP FOR SALE;
X good location. ' 416 Hayes st. ,"
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AKBEKS— FOK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> p. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
1 EUREKA BARBER-CHAIR FOB SALE. 13
X Taylor st. . :
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP; GOOD
XJ location for Italian. Apply Call Office. ■
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE: OWNER WILL
vacate next Monday. 871 Market st.
ROOMS 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 60
XV per week. • Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
T?«NERGETIC MAN CAN EASILY MAKE SIOO
X-J a month; $60 required. Apply 6 Eddy su. r. 31.
MEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c; week $1 to s2 50 room ;strlctest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
shoes at 30c on tbe $1; this week only. 959
Howard st. ' ;
ANTE -500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
'», boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
WANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, : U. -8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of : the naval
service offers ' special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of tbe world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco, CaL
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission su, near Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, oar maKe, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's mutli and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. . : .
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewed
shoes, $5. 726V2 Howard sU, bet. Third and Fourth
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect jour
ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A <X)., Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prtK offer
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: - LADIES, 40c.;
done while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will <fe Fiack's,S.F-
~\\T ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN- BEDS: 250
»T night: $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st. '
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, fora room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
1 INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts. ; single furnished rms ' 75c week. 16c night.
S.— REJuOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5c
"1 / » A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
Xv'V/ and 20c a night, including codec mid rolls,
(24 Washington St., near Kearny.
EST IN CITY- -SING' X ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 26, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver - House, 217 Third su: 100
large rooms: 250 per nigh.: $1 to $3 per week.
~\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY: $1
If v«»«k; rooms for two, 260 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN sI'OCK i OOD;
all grocers keep lv ;- .i -
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
\\r ANTED — MEN TO -.-. LKARN BARBER
'» trade: only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue senu S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
E ARE SHOE DOCTORs; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them like new ; done
while you wait; ladies' soleing, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 50c; machine-sewed s 75c. ; , hand-
sewed 66c. : ' fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
92 50. 662 Mission st., bet. First and second.
AGENTS WANTED.
W^ WANT AGE ENERGETIC MEN
™" and women to represent the "Ladles'- Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., S. F.
GENTS! BRSTAN,; SEW ALL AND FREE
silver; . McKlniey, Hobart and : protection;
every. voter will buy one or the other; do you want
the profit?..' T. PERSON.. Manager Subscription
Department The Whitaker <fc Ray C 0.,723 Markeu
* HOUSES WANTED.
aSt^d^^"^i^aSk^ho\j^e OR~c(rP
. tage and vacant lot adjoining: north of Mar-
ket st. Address K. D., box 108, this office.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT WANTED BETWEEN
Market and Broadway: man and wife; rent
not to exceed 820. M. 8.. box 94. this office.
BOARDING WANTED.
B^^^Y^U^xTsTNTTLE^AirrTN^GElmAir^R
Scandinavian faml y. E., box 57, Call Office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TX7" ANTED — CO TaGE^PtHrTeE^oIT^FOUR
tt rooms; easy terms; state particulars and
amount of cash wanted. T. CROSS, box 134, Call.
WANTED-MISCE__ANEOUS. ~
S^^CO^S^HjCSDT^PVAHATUffFOR^CnOOII
, laboratory ; physics and chemistry. Box 7, 211
Sansome st. . . :
p.LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-
\J ry. watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
CELL YUL'K KUUK>. 'i;H)i'al.Nu ANU JEW
O elrv ti> A. XI.XIV 1 Sixr'i st . ■-' send pott—.
; j ' ■;; j.*"-' -' .-_ _' . ■-' L.OST. ,;'-_■/ :. ",. V- . ■
Lost— vicinlty"of7lagunitaB "creek,
-J Maim County, Sunday, ' August 23, large black
and tan deer hound, name "Don"; suitable reward.
Return to HOWARD VEKNON, 1918 Green sU
9A REWARD— GOLD WATCH , AND DlA-
—yj mond locket, between 110 Geary st., along
Grant aye., and Examiner office. Return to Palace
Hotel office. ■:,;_. .. • . J-- •■ Vl .
] OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of HULD A CABLSSON (No. 199 1190)
The finder will pleuse return to bank. : . ■'■=■■■ '
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of San '• Francisco in
the name of PHILIP.MARKS ( so. 178,892). The
finder will please return to oank. ;..••.. - J . : :
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
savings and Loan >ociety of San Francisco, in
the name of EDITH LESSER. No. 309-1461. The
finder will please return to bank. ■
j^- .•--'--'':- ~- ■ I' >D . -;V::---"-:- .- - ..■*-•'. ■■-
TO PREMISE^r^B^A^K^E^WFOUNF
\J land dog. Owner can have same by proving
property and : paring expenses.' TJuO Stockton st.
WAGONS AND - CARRIAGES.
\TEW AND SECOND^ITaNI) BAKERS', LAUN-
X> dry. milk and grocery wagons: also ; rockaway
and 2 fine baggies. h 828 Harrison sU ' '^ . •.-.-' \ : .,
I, OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X I ■. carriages jof every description; I cash, notes :or
Installments. CarviU Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
___^ BUSINESS CHANCES.
700 ; CORNER GROC_RY, BAR; CALI-
HP-l lyu, forniasU; doing large cash business;
w??r^ «s? e^ ; investigate at once. WILKE &
WOLF, 531 California st.'. - ■ -
S9OO ,S°^ NEK SALOON, WITH BIL-"
« . o« Mi ll ? rd and po °' table ' on ; Montgomery
St.; established 20 years: with . large 1 Tit- class
patronage. WILKE A WOLF. 531 C&lHorula st.
j >1t^ OOM 'i° IV -, MARKET, NEAR THIRD;
$bLO. sacrificed onnccount ill-health of owner;
631 ? C l al?fo-r^su a " >nVeStlgatlOnSlTen - WILKE '
S 1 250 f I*?% WANTED IN ULD EX-
W*-±j<j\7. tablished bar-orom: choicest down-
town corner: owner sickly; cim't denend Sinn
hired help. WILKE, 631 California d 8 P eDd aU , on
•fl?1 *)(}(} -'SPORTING.. RESORT, WITH .8
$)LZ\J\J. elegantly furnished rooms; rent $65-
-aS;n^ beBt location - WiLK « & w^:
(RfSOO RNKR CROCERY AND BAR-
, •JSUUU. living-rooms; ren: *.!0: doin-r ™od
I business: choice location. WILKIE A WOLF 531 !
I California st. - ' «»«■»••* j
<ftl V^o WINE-CELLAR IN CHOICEST I
x £.O\J. downtown location, with iarge retail '
bar trade; low rent; large stock of fine whiskies
and wines;; first-class investment. WILKE A.
WOLF, 531 California st. •
<JKI OA A CORNER FRENCH LIQUOR-
®XOUU. store. Apply WILKE, 1148 sutter.
©99' SALOON; THIRD Sl'., XX. BAIU
•JP^ajO. road depot; best location: receipts av-
erage $12; ' genuine bargain. .^TEKNBr.RG &
CO., 632 Market st. ■
dfcwXAjl TRANSFER AND EXPRESS; AN
r\^tJO\t\f. old-established firm: valuable horses I
and teams; No. 1 storage accommodation; business
in first-class running order and will speak for
itself. Apply STENBEBCi <fc CO., 632 Market st.
ffijl CA(| RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
X O\J \J. •. house; . best location : nicely fitted
up; 5 private rooms; genuine bargain to cash
buyer: see for yourself. > STENBEKG A CO., 632
Market st. .
qjj'JAAA WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
fpit\f\J\J . liquor-store; stock and fixtures worth
$2760: splendid business location: sells only on
account of disagreement in partnership. STEN-
BERG <fc CO., 032 Market st.
ujjO-:A SALOON; WHOLESALE DISTRICT:
•JP^jUV/. cheap rent: barber-shop included:, gen-
uine bargain. STEM BERG CO., 632 Ma.ket su
TTOTEL TO LEASE FOX A TERM OF YEARS;
XX new 6-story and basement brick, building, con-
taining 88 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVi.RBEKG, 320
Sansome St.. room 39
VOR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X 1 , lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
! night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
I tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M., box 103. Call Office.
\\T ANTED— PARTY WITH $401*0 CASH TO
I " purchase slock In a business well established
in this city; 8 per cent per annum guaranteed;
dividends without doubt will be much more than
that: business practically out of debt. For personal
interview address H. 8.. box 84, Call Office.
Party having small amount of
X money, competent to fill cashier's position.can
invest same with responsible bookmaker on race
tracks here during coming meetings. Address,
stating full particulars, giving references, Post-
office Box 2446.
I lOR SALE-FURNITURE AND ELEGANT
library of 1000 volumes of standard medical
works with the privilege of taking the practice of
one of the most successful physicians on the Pa-
cific Coast; must be sold. Inquire at 211 Larkln. j
OLD ESTABLISHED, FINELY J.uCATEU
cigar-stand; doing profitable business; steady
retail and jobbing trade: for sale to cash pur-
chaser at a bargain, as owner must sell before Sept.
having other business. Call 1019 Market su
CM 000 PARTNHB IN FINE KSTAB-
iS)L\JVJ\J. lished business; object In takinir part-
ner is to enlarge t c business: this is a fine chance
for an 'energetic man; fullest investigation.
LUBE-SKI A CH ABE, 7 City Hall ■ aye.
rpHE LU X KITCHEN, LUNCH AND COFFEE
X house; building included: doing good busi- !
ness; use of large yard, with chickens and all im
provements; for XI 2OO. Inquire at place, 145
Tenth St., near Howard.
ffljl (in BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY-STORE;
tiPXUu. rooms; rentsl2. SKIFr, 921 Market. :
OJiJO F UIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
<IPIU. rent $12; snap. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
flJiC^n GROCERY AND BAR ON CITY
tJP'^l/. front: kept by the present owner over 1
20 years; good reason for selling: good stock of ;
goods. COMMIN'S <fc CO., 6 Pine si., S. F.
I "INK .. .FITTED UP- RESTAURANT: BE-
T tween carhouses; rent only $17: cost owner
$400; will sell at your own price; mus: sell this
week; don't miss this chance. 3279 Mission st.
<J]»OAA GRAND CHANCE; PARTNER
•350V/V/. wanted to tend cash counter In neat
restaurant: $50 month and board guaranteed ; no
objection to lady: no experience required. 235 3d.
BICYCLE STORE and repair shop;
well established; good location: full line 01
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanizer: opening
for a machinist. 1118 Market sU>"- • ; - 1- ' -' - ■
j ffIJQfUV OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER SA- I
I «JpOuU. loon; fitted up in first-class style: best '
location: fine living-roams; low rent; a great bar- \
gain. Apply < all Office. ■
ENTIRE CONTENTS 51? THE WELL-
knovin ' Ru'ss House, San Jose. - Cal., will be
sold at . auction 12 -o'clock v Saturday. W. •W.
GRAY, Commissioner..
OOD LOCATION FOR A MAN WHO
understands the trade of San Francisco: bar 1
trade good: low rent: long lease. Call at room 40,
Chronicle building.
"L"IRST - CLASS RESTAURANT, ESTAB-
r lisbed 11 years; worth $450: price $150. 324
Larkin su
dJjOKAA WILL BUY HALF-INTEREST IN
•Jp DOxJxf one of . the best paying hotels in the
city; investigation Invited. Address S., box 62,
Call Office.
<Dj9^A RESTAURANT WORTH 00;
*Jp<6«JU. must sell at once on account of sick-
ness. Inquire at candy store, 1661 Mission st. ' : - .
OR SALE CHEAP— A GOOD LITTLE BUSI-
X ness in a market drawing good trade; nt Sun-
day or night work: must sell this week. 110 Ellis.
(Jjjo' AVERAGE WEEKLY NET~~?INCOME
•JpO«J $250 invested: safe, conservative ; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. Y.
T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. t OWAN BUYS
stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. ' Room 15, 26 Montgomery.
me Carriage horses and harness:
Jj Al condition; cheap for cash, or will exchange
for clear lot in Richmond. D., box 1, Call Office.
pOUGH-ST.. BAZAAR, COR. LILY AYE.;
VX stationery, notions, bakery, cigars and postal
agency: 5 furnished rooms: will be sold cheap.-. ■
ILK .ROUTE IN OAKLAND; 8 COWS: 3 i
horses: wagon: must sell immediately. Per-
alta aye., near Old County Road, Fruitvale.
LACKsMITH SHOP, TOOLS, 5 BUILDING.
• ' etc, very cheap for cash; in thriving, country
town. Address S. # Box 63. Call office.
9-HORSE EXPRESS; GOOD STAND; GOOD I
•— < business; Al opportunity. NE. cor. Bush and '
Polk sts., or inquire 1434 Jackson.
AKLAND ROUTE OR EVENING BUI?
letin for sale; clears $95; $"2000. Apply 982
Broadway, Oakland. . -
WANTED— RETAIL MERCHANDISE BUSI-
-1 »» ness that Is in paying condition. -Address.'
M, Box 6, CalL :
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
i.l close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. -
I^OR. SALE-BRANCH BAKERY AND NO-
tions: rent $16; 3 room's; make offer. Apply
this office. " . __ ; :■■■-■>
HjjiCH BUYS A LAUNDRY, DOING GOOD
<is)XO\i business. Apply 21 OU Howard, upstairs.
ranch IBAKERY AND CANDY store; 5
X> living-rooms. Address A., box 82, Call Office. .
AN WITH $1000 FOR COTKATE DEPART-
mentstor?; country. A. A., box 67 Call Office.
p ENTI EMAN PARTNER WA \TED: $35
VJT capital: good business R. 8, 121 Mon:gomery. j
p ROCERY AND BAR AND LIVING-ROOMS: i
VT good location; doing good business. This office, j
T> KSTAURANT TO LET; FIXTURES FOR
11 sale; half a block from Sutter. Apply 1212 Polk.
ATEW OYSTER-PARLORS AND CHOP-HOUSE
li cheap. Call at 418 Post St.; after 12 to 3p. m.
© OCA RESTAURANT MUST SELL; SICK*'
3t)_JOU. ness cause: good place.' 2724 Sutter.
fit. 1 nf\f\ GROCERY AND BAK. APPLY
IDUU. HILBERT BROS., 103 Powell su ':•«
AIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS, 4 LIV-
Ing-rooms; for sale cheap. ; 1008 Hyde st. -. '
STATIONERY, NO lON AND BOOK SIORE;
good business: mi st sell, r 113 Taylor st.
SALOON: LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. - AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific s» ,■;
<SiZif\(\ A BARGAIN —GROCERY STORE.
<JpOUU. : : Call Vermont and 23rd. / •■•;. .:-, ■-
9 HOUSES, STABLES AND LARGE YARD
.— > for sale or lease. 231 Ash aye. ' '•-
-7^ORNER~SALbON FOKSALE ON FOURTH
\J streeu Apply at Call Office.
TrOR SALE— BAKERY OUTFIT CHEAP.
X 1 DEWEY, 321 Ellis St. '
AYING CIGAR STAND TO LET. OWNER
311 Bush st. : " : '
VTICE « A LOON FOR SALE CHEAP. 817
■Li Kearny at. ■■.*■■ - - - v '.-..., :'"••..
CLEANING. " %
JONES & CO. . MAlN^l'Ficl£ S^6~^AND^27
Eighth su; tel. Jessie lQbl. .
pARPET CLEANING, 3C.: LAYING. 3&: RU(i
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth su
W HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
. » » poor work Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer (Jar-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama su : teL So.
( JON KLIxN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. Hi
\y Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. '
X .T V STEAM CARPET CLEAN! NG.RENO VA-
X> ting, 38 Bth. ■■, STEVENS, mgr. ; TeL South 238.
( IARPKTS .:-; CLEANED . AND KENO VATKO
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- (—
South 38. : D. MACKINTOSH aco..sncc°3sorrr :
X MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. J4J
.14th su; cleaning Ho a yard. s TeL Mission li.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
CA-ROO3I HOUSE: CLEARING $100. ...51000
OU 24 rooms; new and g00d...... .......... 500
* 6 rooms an? bath: flat: worth 5500........ 225
SO -room bouse: $500 cash, bal. payments... 1600
22 rooms: corner house; new 1700
14 rooms; boarding house; 40 boarders 126')
90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150.... 370')
3 8-room nouse on Sixth 5t :."..'.. 1 400
' Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C, DECKER* CO., 1020 -Market
st, opposite Fi'th. ' . * " _______
7_"T7\7v7v LODGING-HOUSE, 23 ROOMS;
tIpJLUUU. first- class condition: clears $75
monthly; rare bargain. STENBERG. 632 Market.
1 -f\ ROOMING HOUSES FROM $250 TO
iOU $10,000. See UNDERWOOD .•; CO., 765
Market st.
.in ROOMS (NEW HOUSE) TO LET: GOOD
IU tenant wanted. Apply SPECK <fe CO., 602
Market su -.•■■■
*r/w ): GOOD PAYING HOUSE; $300 CASH,
•lrtJ<.'">. balance easy payments. 115 Second.
VOR SALr.- UPPER FLAT, ON Bl'Sri, NFAK
-T Fillmore: 7ro-ims bath; neatly furnished; sacri-
fice: account departure: 5 sleeping rooms; perma-
nent roomers Addressorca 1 h. 8.. 2111% Bush.
7fH HOWARD, COR. THIRD— rINE COR-
• U"± uer house ; nicely furnished; $1000; 33
rooms. . . i
"VU'ELY FURNISH HOUSE; 20 ROOMS; ,
X> all full: will sell cheap. 303 Fourth su
1/<LAT OF 7 ROOMS; MUal Bji SOLD AT
X 1 any price. 133 Seven: h st.
'ft 1 Z\i\ 7 BURNISH ED RO MS: ALL RUNT-
«C-^<-'V. cd. 403 Stevenson st., cor. Fifth.
OA HOUSES; $300 TO $8000. PHELPS A
»>' ' ' P.. 917 Larkln st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I,'lKf, SALe.! .
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. .........
Oak bed sets , . ,. $1S
Bedloonges 800
Stoves -. ' 75'J 1
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard , • 65
Matting, per yard...... ; .... 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we am conducting busiaesi
at SK. corner Seventh and Mission su. J.
NOONAN. ■ . .
I^URNI<HED FLAT ON A VALENCIA-ST.
coruer for sale at a great sacrifice If sold this
week; 6 rooms and bath completely ard newly
furnished for housekeeping: must be sold on ac-
count of departure; no agents- Address D. N. E.,
box 112. Call Office.
T7IURNITUKE OF 6-ROOMED HOUSE; PARTY
X leaving city. Call at once, 515 Geary St.
A T L. ■J. NEUMANN'S. 1 17 SIXTH. FOR
J\ lowest prices on household goods vow or gooJ
as new; ca*ft or lime, open evening*.
Aim «-Aj;r_'l^; LHAilttitii BETS, 111;
rk\J\J stoves, $5: parlor set-, ?20: foldlne-bttdi,
$10; bed- ounges. $7. T. D. McOAKTHIf 112 4*l.
'/ FURNITURE WANTED. ~~~
/Suffice ; fuTTnttukc.^wi lLTpXThig2lest
\J price* for second-hand office, desks or take,
them in part payment for new. GEORGE U.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission sU
BUCKINGHAM CO PAY'S
D highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNC-
tore and merchandise see BURD, .11 l.arkln.
IGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUjKNl-
ture. J. CURTIS. 1.-39 Market: send postal.
rpO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERST—IN.969 Howard St. ;send postal
J" C. MUTHEK, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and m ere hand! se-
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
MUSICAL • INSTRUMENTS.
\ i^STORY BuiLJ>iNG, CORNER OF
ix Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
$3, $4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to. Stein way Baby;' Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments ? every
piano guarantee i; fine wood-seat stool. and draped
cover included: no charts for drayage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY <fe CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., ittle. Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific CoadU
N ACCOUNT OF .THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters, on Market
st. are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 526 Haves su, between
Octaviaand Lacuna, where' I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly; as I buy lor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other' music house in San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT. .
PIANO FOR SALE: $30 CASH; GOOD CON
X dilion. 19 John at., off Powe.l.
J_T;\ BARGAIN: STEINWAY PIANO, EX-
tjp I •J.cellent order;ea.y terms. 221 Leavenworth
."LiiNE STEINWAY, HARDMAN, CHASE
X; Bros, and others; carefully us"d: bottom,
prices; easy terms. The J. DEWING COMPANY
second floor Flood building. Fourth and Market.
LKARANCE SALE— HaINES, KNABE AND
Bush and Gen's pianos; clearing-out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Pos; St.
pOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA>H.
VJT SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernta Bank.
1 J ARGAIN— DECKER & SON UPRIGHT, $250.
X) MAUVAIS, 769 Market su
©1 r A BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
«£) LO\J . ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IX
A pianos, both new and second-hand at THB
F. W. SPENCER CO.'S warerooms, 933Market»t.
G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT for hallet
.«fc Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac' to
(WHICKERING, KNABK. STECK, VOSK, STKR-
J ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187: pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURT A A SON. 16 O'Farrelt. •
YKON MAL'ZY, MS POST ST.-SOHMEit,
Newby * Evans. J'rices .-nd other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
O H. MDLLER. maker, rrnalrer 1 Latham pl»c«.
HOKSKS. ■' ~
FINE YOUNG SOU /d i; USINKSS^TorSeI
stands without hitching. 143 Bartlett st.
WO GOliD HORSES AND WAGON FOX
X sale cheap. 564 Howard st.
O~~NE SPAN OF MULES, HARNESS AND
wagon for sale cheap. 564 Howard st.
,< ARGAIN— DARK BAY HORSE, HANDS
• - high: stylish; new harness and carryall nearly
new. E. BROWN, at Otis & Ca's, 318 Montgmry.
"IF YOU WANT TO SAVE MONEY IN SHOE-
X Ing horses and general repairing call at the
New York shoeing Shop, 507 Jessie at., near
Sixth. McBRIDE & CO.
ARGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
-i broken; cheap; the Hyde ranch. 630 Com-
mercial st.
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy tern
trash; send for catalogue.' 11 r > McAllister su.S. F.
"1 p. A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR*
±O\J ness, all kinds; wagons, Doggies, surroys,
rockaways, carls; must be sold. 1128 Mission
F\(U\ SET NEW AND I'-HAND HAR-'
O\J\J ness: all kinds; buggy. wacon, carts, surrey
dcrockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.'
Ai\ HORSES toti SALE; ALSO WAGONS
lv buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade lion*
Market, 327 six.h su ; auction sales every SVudu**-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to cny address In th»
United States or Canada one year for 31 CO, post*
age free-
"~ MKDICAL.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hour*; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us<>d: ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere: you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post su, pear Larkln.
BLE&SINU TO LAlJlhs HUFIffcWBa
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment-
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped . immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In - confinement. DR. 4 MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free; French -regulating -"ink pilla $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. ic
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; ' restores .always in one day;
can be sent and used nt home: all cases guaranteed:
if you wan: to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR.f OPPER. 318 Kearny su
I/iOR MEN— GKKKN'?* GUAKANTEEDCURE:
X greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial free. Agent, KELLY. 102 Eddy st.
VLPEAU'S FRENCH pTITs-A BOON TO
lades troubled with irregularities- no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express ' .O. 1).: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD OS.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES .WOMEN SPE-
daisy; unexcelled in restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: oest care:
low fees; pi Us $3. Moved to 904 McAllister st
MBS. DX. WEGENEbTtXkES LADIES BE-'
fore and daring confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
SURE CURE FOR ALL Fh.MALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confine meni
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GW YER, 226 Turk st.
MRS. M. K. BODGERS'PKIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. DORA GRAY — ALL FEMALE COM-
plalnus restored; cure guaranteed. 327 Eddy.
IK IRREGULAR OK ANY FK.MALE Dl-EASE
see MKS.DK. PUFTZ and be content. Mbii/j 4th.
K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
. Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT MBA
J- DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth su, Alameda.HOUSES TO LET. i
'-. ewEK PLACE, OFF~IOII mason,;
»50. near Clay— Lower or ground flat 4 room*.
yard. watar. side ent ranee t also 2. 3orscbe-P on- |
farnUhed rooms upttaira. : j
'. )i NEW HUUSS . 6 ROOMS; BATH;
' —X . water free. 1812 F.:t en l, cor. Gaerrera ;
PUENDID HOUSE "r 12 BOOMS, OR 2
flasof 6 rooms, rent redaeed. 325 Tehama.
I ROOMS, *10; 3 ROOMS AND STABLE. 910: I
4 3 rooms. 97. Appiy Zo Chesiey, sma I street 1
bet. Seventh and Eighth, Harr son and Bryant.
1 TAYL<B-H''U-.E 10 ««K)MS. BATH; '
1 0-.U fine Tiew: rent 940. Appiy 9-9 Broadway. :
OUR PRINTED LI-.T MAKtS HO Us t- i
hunting a pleasure: call or sent for one. .
>HAINWALD, BCCKBEK * CO, 218 and 220
Mootfomery st. " ' ,•■
rSHEAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. CUB. |
\J California and Lagan* sts. Go sec it. j
HOUSES TO KENT FOa VERY LITTLE i
mop%r at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery at. '
SPLENDID 12-ROOM H C - K. 03 2 T W N -
first street, cor. Un*n»ro. «u!taWe tor boaiu- ;
ire orprivar^ rpydyrtr^: v^rr }orr pa:
FURNISH HOljl^.
H'JVZE OF 9 BOOMS FOR BENT; 7OFTHE
rooms we.i famished: ItnWll fcr sale; rent
ch^ap. Inquire 732 Howard it. ,___-^
:COTTAGES_.TO2I*ET- "' ' ' ~
<ii bay^wTndoV corrAOK. nearly ;
Cxi. ew;4rocr-j 107 Collins -:., or. Oeary.
1. OR RENT— COTTAGE OF 5 JtoOMS; BENT
1 g-^O. 517 Minna St. •
I>h. . l\Li> Vi-L TK<..'Srl NICE HOUSES ON ■
XV Gfarv Surer Franklin an- other stfeeu: «:
lUt: «ood"t€Mati wasitd. SPKCK - CO., bOC
>ia.rlrfts;.'
~~~~ rtAK To^yjET.^ _ ;
rORREXT-rrHIvWARDS. 10 MINUTE 3 !
X from town and eiecirie-C-is; home residence S
rooms: ho: aad coM »*:er; barn: chicken yarfs:
room for IoOJ csick^as: nealtar loeatiDat-ftne '.
v;ew of bar and -»n Francisco: rent 920 per ,
moctn. Aprlr -2976 " teenti. St. for informal on. j
s_. 1 9 FLAT 4 Ufi:iEaU.\.NY KOtJMo- -97
O-l--. l>ore s r -,cS Harrison, near Niatlu ". J
V^AT OK FOCR SCASY- BOOMS. WITH i
X I yard. *a ?_ot«eU St.. near Fourt6«n!h. i
._> i.rr V a. hM V, COR. tfANCH JUST COM-
O-JlO pfeted, -' 2a;s. 5 and 6 roo i s: r^nt cheap, i
. ;/. f vi/NNA. -.A.-i FyUtiTH^i c, + AND .
—I ' I o-r<xr2i flats: rent cheap. . . , ■
orx.M MUDER.N. uppkr FLAT, 6 KOmMS;
«scverr coavenien te: spierjdid view, 2105 larttin. ;
V • - !»rXNY FLATS,: ' 4 OK 5 ROOMS:
_.> tuth; reasonable. 8 Bearbora si.; o2 s-even-
teenth, above Valencia. . ■ 1
i- 1i I N ICE ti AT" NEAR THK BALDWIN. !
<?±\J. BFT.CK * CO.. 602 -Market st. '
i^-Q 'A LOWfcBFLAT: 5 SUNN YRO MS. ;
V. .•'"'. . "." Sanebei aear v-n:e*nih.
C? ]• > FLAT OFTIAfiGE grS-NY ROOMS !
CIO, with cellar. ".-_:. -. ..-rss. |
TWO ALMOST >E\V FLATS: HVDEANDf
Sacramento: cheap rent. MADI--OS & HI KKE. j
\"£\V iIODKKN SUNNY FLAT; '_'S:H AND j
—> io:«om. J. A. ULRICH. 41 Crocker Saving.
"LOP. RENT— LOWER FLAT. IUKE- ROOMS; I
J rent tlO. 521Miiinast- '
V.'.m FLAT— 7 R(>«jK-, BATH. 124 FUL- \
0 ton st., near Van Ness aye. !
<_• REKD STREET- 4KOOMS; SATH: ?1S; flee '
U v>w; key ISUd Watbicston. MR. JON k^.
I'LAT 4 OR 5 P.OU>i~, BATH: CHEAP. 1513
Tivlorst., br_ P«ci2c aad Bruiiwar. J
LEGANT FLtT— lias FULTON ST., OPPO- !
s.te Alamo ; ,re. 1
1«OA PAGE— SOUTHEAST CORNER; SUN.
XU».*J ay 3-room modern flat.
YEW COkXER FLAT; 7 KovMS AND BATH:
-.' rent r«aeor.ab.«. 652C_arcoax. - - -
15 ROOMS, GAS, BATH; 316. 3 3i3^,
.1 Sacramesto st-
TWO SUNNY MODERN FLATS; 5 ROOMS '
1 and bate eaca. £8 tirore «. aod 8*25 Goiaea
Gate aye-
Xl OUR PRINTED LIST OF PLACES TO i
let; will save yon lota of time. SHaIN- I
WaLD. BUCKBEEA CO- 21h-'J2'j Montgomery. \
"1 TA^ I* I '"'l' —S, AND 4 BOOM SUNNY :
J. I UP flats; caraeo: bath: 813 aad 916. , j
"VILE UPPEB~FLATr~6""R"OO_IS: NEWLY !
-.* renovated: rent r«aso_abte. S^7 Hai^hi at.
"I\'ANTF7D^2OO GOODTtENANTS; RENTS, i
' » from SlO np for fiau, cottages. SPECK A .
CO., 60-J Market s:. '
3 SUNNY FLAI>; 4 AND 3 KOOMS EACH: '<
'-J 911. 1 10 aad $9. ■ i»041 Harris a, opp. l&ta.
/"-HOICK SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS- '
V oath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, ar. Baker.
J^Lats to sk;\T t'uK V X V lTttlk
money a; BALDWIN <& HA_LMOND > S, 10 j
-iioatgOEsery st. ..
L Li-UANT NEW FLATS. >fVj:.\TH -T &K-
-1 - low Hr-ranr. 5 iml tt man, bath: *.•» to «16. ;
HOCSEKEEPEfG BOOM-. _
Broadway.
VICXLT FUP.NISHED HOUSEKEEPING
--' rooms: also siaf!e- 403 Broadway st.
"9(1 BROADWAY— FRONT ROOMS !
« —V/ nttiMr fcr aoasekeepiaz-
Bryant Street.
OA BRYANT— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, NICELY
It)V farctsned for koosekerp:az; also single.
butn Street.
9QI 91 BUSH-NEWLY FUBVISHEDBAY-
—OXO2 windotvrooais;a_ioil_lithoti3ekeeptag'
rooms : nochii.rsa. -
j. uay Ktiee..
..] i, EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED BOOMS,
—IC hoase_eei>iar, $9: single, 94 op: private.
1,1 EDDY — 3 UNFURNISHED OK FUB-
-1 itl nijJied rooms: fine locauan: private fam ■
Uy: gas range; reference. ' .
til 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEKPINO ROOMS, !
•-'-I- I nicely rarnis-ed : splendid location ; private ;
faEiJj-, i
iilmore Street.
i]A 3 large SUNNY ROOMS TO small
XL.', family. 2212 FUlmore st., near Clay.
Fifteenth Street.
TWO SUX NT UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOB \
1 hocsekeepiag, 2134 Fifteenth, near Noe, near
Castro-street cars.
i oiioni Street.
i-QX FpLSOM — 2 SUNNT ROOMIE; FUR-
I O«J nished for housekeeping: S--
Franklin >treet.
J.9A FRANK IN— 2 MCELY FURNISHF.D :
""ir—U rnoai^ cessp-Ka for hoaseiceepiaK; gas:
bath: private. .
i-uiiieii bat« Atcnat.
QAQ GOLDKN tiAl'E —SUNNY BOOM, !
c '-'O wita running water for housekeeping: 911.
-ovrard Mree..
- QHO WABD-3 BOOMS FURNISHED COX- '■
• WO piete lor boa>*ke«pii.g; cheap; sohabie fox
family.
I I_')HOWAKD-! FKONf >UXSY FUR- 1
i I "T— r. s bed bay-window aocsekeepiac; rooms; I
raace; rent *12 SO - - [
1 R(\t\ SOW — 3 BOOMS COMPLETE
1 l/UU for aoase-eepins; gas; private f-mii-.
Ml cheap. .
Jackson Street.
fjOA Jackson — ftbni?bed SUNNY
• '—■ "v frost hoasekeepia? rooms, 97 to 99; single,
54.. -.':-■:.-
•Jessie street.
Of»X JESSIE, SEAR FIFTH-THBEB FUR-
•J\J'J niahsd noasekeepins rooms; a— otaer
rooms. , ,
Kearuy Street.
•1 OR LESS BOOMS. KEAKNY, NEAR SUT- i
0 ter; gas and water free. Ap;ly 15 Grant aye.
. M-rket Street . .
-I nq9 MARKET— NICfiLY furnished
IVJ*J— boosekeep.aj rooms, 92: so siazle. 91 ;
week np. . - * I
3-lunai -tree..
-AQ MINNA-TWO NICELY FUBNIBHED
OttO sunny boatekeepiog rooms.
i»l»».on -ir««..
Q9Q MISSION — FP..-M SUNNY HOUSE-
OZ.U keeping room*; 10 each oermoath.
. New Montgomery street.
i n- SEW UONTGOSIEBY — NEWLY Pa-
J \)O pered frost foraiahed boos«keep:ng suite:
cheap. - . : ..-.■.■■..■- ■
Mntli Street.
ni NINTH— BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; LIGHT '
-.1 housekeeping: also others, - •
>or folk Street.
-9 NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, NEAR
>j/ El<rveaia— Souojr separate bunding of bed.
room acd kitchen: furawbed for housekeeping;
running water: yard. Call upstairs.
"~~ Octavi- street. "
1 4f|Q OCTAVIA. COB. " GEARY — FRONT
1 -1 UO bay window, rarai-Bedcr partiy; -ucrxea
op: ieaaL ■ -" - _'
Folk Street. :
1 nnOPOLK.COB.GEABY-EI_GGANTBUITE
X UU-. of rooms: completely * famished -v for
40-.isekeep:ng is ntodera apartment boose; sonny
*!1 day: new balicta?: tine man; el: large closets;
sink in kitchen aa 1 all conveniences; rent 17 50;
references exchanged. • . . ' . . - .. . ■- : ■ .-. . ■is ■
1 *J')H tt>L.K-S NICELY FURNISHED >UN-
XitJ.C ay front and back rooais for light hoase-
-eepiag: 9 13. *• .
' * f ixth • « ree:. : .
19" SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
X 2.0 nosMCkeeptnf noat» aafl oiiiera.
HOUSEKEEPiyG BOOMS — Contina«?d. j
seventh Street.
1 of» SEVESTH - NII.K SCSKT UR-
iOO nUaed front hoasekeepiag rooms; yard;
reasonable. - -
>ieven«on street.
£ f r> STEVENSON. BET. SEVENTH AND
O4J EigbUj-S ittrnlsted housekeeping rooms.
bath: central. ' — ————
' Taylor street.
1 n<2 TAYLOB-NICELY FURNISHED SCN-
IOp room, with Kitchen; also 6n« caf>p.
lenama street. '.
i a AC TEHAMA-"~^rN'N"Y HOCS CREEP-
: 448 S^Vonoected p»« 9 : every commence. j
•» urk >treec
CO! TURK -3 LOVELY UNFCBNISHED
821 T o_ileepia S^»ims; coseta; «as stove:
running water.. ____— . — —
Twenty-sixth street.
OOXO TWENTY-SIXTH- FT R N IS H ED
0000 hou*ekeemn« rooms. *8 to 910: single
rooms, -4 tots. . •
557*7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NKAK MISSION-
-000<Nlc«:y fnmUhed hoase-eewns rooms; j
yard; low rent. , ' i
Welch. Street.
m WELCH. OFFFOURTH-2 OR3 NICELY
J I -i famished roosn: hoasrrke«pi^gj_________
~~~ BOOMS TO I-ETj ; _ _. r .^. :
Broadway.
ro/i BROADWAY-TUNNY FRONT BOOM;
i J.V ipitabie for man and wife or dentist.
California Street.
Q4Q CALIFORNIA. COR. POWELL-PLEAS-'
C"iO ant corner? sonny sniie; reasonable to gen-
tlemen : references. ___^_____
>.._>ith bUI*M
CHFRHAr ArAETME.VT H ? rS S,J" h STH
on^r Market: :cr ;sheJ aj2<l onfarnishod.
i-UUT ""ires;.
on EDDY. YORK HOUSE— SUNNY NEWLY
_.»? renovated front suite, *15; honsekeepicg;
caeap^ . -
lV eddv _ BaY -WINDOW FRONT SUITE;
J. O cheap: other newly furnished ro>ms: 95 up.
/..>«, iDDV-MtfU" FURNISHED SUNNY '
D- . 'J rooms; gas and all conveniences; reasona-
- -.
_...!■. -en..
THE kasiosa. 130 ellis-. Mai KATE i
1 HART. manager— A «jnxet boose: centrally lo-
cated; newly fnrcisted: elevator; ho: £ cola water.
QOl ELLIS, NEAR Taylor— FOR BEST
d— 1 lodging we recommend the Hosedale Hoaie.
XI -• ELXIS— HANDSOME PARLORS; CLOS- !
tJlOet: water; also 2 pleasant rooms; basement;
cheap. ' . ,
liUh street.
0 1 WEEK; LARGE. SUNNY. SINGLE FTjR-
C" 1 . - : abed rocm:el'.'set;oaiii;privaie. 314 Fifth.
lw>om >ireo..
.7 a(\ FOL-OM- % SUNNY UNFURNSIHED
I *1U rooms; rent reascnahje. -
Fulton Street.
1 I (I FULTON — * "iXaGE KOOMS: FUR- I
XXV.) cished- complete ior hoasekeepiag: sonny
side; lar?e yard.
v.*_ry y:r««j—
GEAF.Y. ROOM 37— 800 M" ASD HOUSE
---.g renting agency; co fee for registering.
Cf| - GEABY-NICELY FUBNISHED^L'NNY
OvtJrooms. " ' "- '*.' : -'. "";.
' • »niau ca.e AveuiM,
OOA GOLDEN GATE AYE. — SUNNY PAR-
O—\J lor aoite; 925 per Bosth; no 'children;
references. '_
Cough. Street.
1 /?rv- GOt'GH— LARGE FBONT SUNNY
Lvvu alcove room and taree sanay room con- j
necting: furnished or anfarnisced; ooard op- !
tional; private family: reference. - I
huward »ue«..
f*C\r\ HOWARD— NICELY FURNISHED «IN-
0— D gie^nenrrooms: gas, bath, etc: reasoaable.
-1, ( HOWARD. CjKN-.k THIRD— FINELY !
i \}~T mralshed sunny front room; also house- j
keeping: cheap- j
t-ycie Street. . ■ * i
7 AQa. HYDE ST., BET. SUTTER AND POST-
i Ut/Fnraisfced suite of sonny front rooms.
•tones Street.
fjf\- :i'VT«-THE NAN wistcm*.: SFW j
_-L" I jcanacement: eieiaai «T3=nr suites aoJ
a^azte: L-fw:>- l-rnlihetl: cam, fie: S\U to SKI
Qi'i I JONES — ELEGANTLY FUkNISHED
ij\-' 1 ienny rooms: tot asa cold water: pri va;«e.
m- JONE>— 2 PLEASANT SUNNY BOOMS;
QUO soltabie for married conple or gent.
. r<rnT streei.
on KEARNY-NIC~.LY FURNISHED ROOMS; |
—.ij terms reasonable: quiet bonss. :
QA KEAKNY— WELL- FURNISHED FRONT I
OU sancy soite; single rooms: electric-lignts-
\ BUNGTON HOUSE. .127 KEARNY —
-TV pleasant sanny rooms, en suite and single; drat
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
it A KEARNY — UNFURNISHED SUNNY
•ilv so::es; ail conveniences: bachelor; married
cotiple. .■ . ' -■ ' j
Lewis Street
-I o" LEWIS, OFFTAYLOK. NEAR SUTTER— |
lo 4 unfurnUaed rooms: #14: water free. -.-■ |
-l A.71 1 MARKET— SUNNY ROOMS; STE W-
I .—l 2 ly renovated; en suite and Single; from
»1 50 to 97 SO a wee*. -
VOsi-MlTl: HOl>t, 1045 MARKET — Ptß
1 nigbc Ssc to ?l:*-f»it. * 1 50 to $5: families.
.i MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
- roo ma: doable bed ;$2 week ;also suites, $5.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PL. OFFICE, OFF GEARY,
above Mason— Large room, with : stove, 97:
also single sucay room, {5 month.
Mason Street.
7 AND 9 MASON, SB. MARKET— ELKG ANT
i newly iarnished rooms: sunny; central: rea-
sonable.
;).>' mason, cor. CFarrell— NICELY
—.— foralshed sanny rooms: en suite or single.
3icA:ii*t#r street.
OOCa MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL— '
—— U sunny front rooms; 98 and 9:0; private
family.
879 MISSION. COR. FIFTH — ELEGANT
C 1 — trout suite, well established as doctors
offices; also other tuoay rooms; reasonable.
79Q1 MIS-lON— LARGE FRONT ROOM;
I — 1/2 furnished; light hocsekeeping; bath;
lanndry; $6. . ■ . ■ ..-; ■ -
yj'k «rr<>ll s.r«i.
-1 99 O'FAK PELL— LARGE. SUNNY. FRONT
X_~ room; elegantly furnished; conveciences;
central: reasonable. *
1(\') O'FABRELL — BEAUTIFULLY *UR-
• ' '_ nished sonny front rms.: terms reasonable.
LARGE FRONT sUNNY ROOMS, 98; 3 i
sma:], 95 : stable, 93L 1424 Greenwich st.
Powell Street. .
Q1 O-214 POWELL?-(WILLI3FOBD>— EN.
_. I — Urely renovatea throughout: newly far-
Bished rooms: en soite or single: terms reasonable.
Prospect Pl»c*.
m PROSPECT PL.— SINGLE FRONT FUR-
J — O 1 lshed room with Herman family; $5 math.
» event a Street. .  s
■I 00. SEVENTH — SINGLE FURBISHED
IOP from room; SI a week. > ' -
btevensoit Street. ....... r ...
pO-OPERJ.TIVE HOUSE, 829 STEVESSOS—
V. Booms clean and cheap; log-room. -^
Mock ton Street.
900, Stockton; cob. GSARY — SUNNY
—\f*J tarnished front rooms: ca«*ap; rtf^rences.
YKW PYBNEB HOUSE, 1314 &n>CKTON—
i-i Front saites; single rooms; boasekptn«;ch*ap.
% bluier -ire«.. , :. "
OHO SUTTEB— FUBN. BOOMS OR SUITES,
QUO 91 25 to 910 wit; night 2ie to »1 50: transu
7 HO SCTTER, TAYLOR -ELEGANTLY
»VO newly famished sonny rms. : suite or si
1111 SCTTKR -SI cTiVY" FURNISHED
xx x x rooms: snltes or single: also hoosekpg.
; Taylor street.
XT O TAYLOR— XEWLT FUR.MBHED RUN-
*jx\j ay single ana double rooms: private family.
(*1 9 TAYLOR-2 SUNNY BISGLE KOOMS :
KJX+* alsoaai references reqaired.
: Twenty-sixth Street.
33^7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISBIO.I-
-°^°, >ic * ijr rßrl "* Q * d nousest^ping rooms;
y sra ; 10 w rent, - . : ■ . . - . ... ,
3ilscellaneaas.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALJ^-KUR-
nUbed rooms: single or en sn'.te: f 8 and 916 op,
PHYSIC
R_C.": <£ O-DONNELU I=C« MARKETTcOBt
OoJdeaGa:eave.:-iseaaes of women a specialty!
I IOST FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JORDAN at
V hi. mnaeam.. -1051. Market «_: his SO v«_rv
stseceasi al pracUca is a guarantee of {air ireatawS.-
u* wont am* treated uiiaTtaomj t»/ mirfv
THE SAX FBAMJISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ AUGUST 28, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
rr>HK WIL?' _ - DTTK*— THOHuCGaxY
J. renovated: elegaatly f oraUaed tunny sait^j
and square rooms; first-ciass tabte. prompt
i service: r*ady for gaests September 15. ■■". .
37^ VAN NES> AVE.- DtSIRABLE SUNNY
QUO rooms; tirst-cia>s tattle toard; reasonable
jl 9 EDDY-3 ELEGASTLY FCBNI-HED
*IJ._< rooms wi 11 board: room for2genta; 940. :
Ulr.. btiU'u.Nb. 711 -LaU-A FAMILY
botel: references £L Veti _iia iiMtaire-- -Unioa-
*r»r mnv*nimr*+. .r- < ■ ;...-.,; 7^"^
childecn BOABDED.. .
uriDOW WITH quite COMFORTABLE
! cVu| 2 ?4"°u»lr U sl eClliMtobO^ S **" °' «"•
\\" ANTKD-CUILD Tv BOARD. APPLY 854
S T^P.U' V |Ji A T WOULD LIKE TWO CHIL-
)-' $^\ to board; location healthf at. Address
4. North Grants-. Stockton. Cai. ,""'**"
STORES TO LET.
i?2sl?i^_S^sigTs^
sou SS.?^^SSlv^ STTS:
T»WF.NTLETH A.ND VALENCIA - Large
■teggsV^ -^ tf «!2£
■-.■, M " * OR PAINTER in RUNT HALF i
-N*^^^ 10-foot entrance. IkdVr.
■ ■> «£ FR A_NK_lg_carpemers. 814 Bnsn st.
OFFICES TO i-lEt!
410 KEAkNY — vjns* ftocrss, uoaffESS
lTwrent ° ce * S< *° r professorial purposes;
S^i"~ K . BUILDING. 927 MABKET-
- I .*« *u t .snnnv office «- *12 50 up: eleetncUg-t:
» ?? if " m^k? g C^UM < .ntS£-J^ l ! 5. Ualn
_^ > _ -n^^^_^^BICYCI.ES.
TJICYCLES AND TANDEMS BELOW COST,
■" to doae oot stock. W. CRANE. 321 Post st.
pOWLEK AND BEN HUB, *60: BEN HUB
J. tan..cm. Tnbar>e tandem, erod as new, 9100;
all above 96. Da VIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
O v?T.rT E^ Xkiv 188* BIC.CLE; #367
J DAVID N. HA WLEY, 813 Market st.
i ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO !
■ » single wheels. 303 Post at. ;
DARK CYCLEBY— NEW WHEELS TO IET;
x best accommodations. Termiaoi _*ary, M>>
Ailat^r »nd Poweii «t- nt line*.
FOE SALE-IIIsCELLAXEOUi.
V°4 1 FRESH COW FOR SALE. F. W.
XI HUTCHISON, corner Sauex and Claremont ;
aye., Oakland. !
YE W '96 B. CYCLE CHEAP. 317 THIRD ;
St.. npstairs. -' .. .. ■ - ,--,; ■.
"V"E\V COUNT 3HELVKS. GROCERY
--1 —tfl. : half price. Store 4073 Twenty-fourth.
|>UY YOUK BABY CARRIAGES ANDKAT-
-»J tan farnicare at the factory and save retailer's i
prom get oar prices. CaL Bauaa Co., 61 Firs; s:_
near Missvon. ■
Vt-W HIGHEST-GRADE SPECIAL 96 BICY-
x ' '-*- bargain. 63 Docohoebgnaing. '
QK-ENDID REMINGTON TYPKWBITER,
0 945: others from 9'iO np. BEVALK, 409 Cat.
i>ILKRS,ENGLNE.=,2D-HANDMACHLS£BY.
waterptpes. Mclptosh A Wolpmaq. 137 Beala.
C 1 OUNT X ti % shfci. . ISO. SHOWCASES
/bars boogh: <£ sod. 11211^ Markt^bet "th A 8:h
A LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
-^»- cost; hood tops. 95 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. 8. f . Baby Carriage Mfg. Ca. 442 Sixth.
OOD SECOND-HAND BuILEK: AL.SO LOT
puUeys. shaftiag. etc- W. L. SAN FORD.
, 415 Washisgton at.
i) HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— gine; good as new; #90. - Apply 215 Bay st. :
, UU-DlNti^i BOCGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
» coon, mantels, etc. f->r sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE .-MALL AttiUi.il ANlj JLAKGr. SIZ3
fir* aad bnrt'..ir proof iafy. ? 09. 11l Mark* i:
|^IRl£ AND KULAK >AiC, LETT Kit-
x pitas, platform scales and deak:clteajL 103 Clar '
YEW KAXUEi) CHEAPER THAN fiKCONI>"
i.> -and. *'. S. RAY Mfg Co.. California*:.
SETVTXG MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED.
-^V Tfnt»d, r»ralred: :ow°st rates, at's Foarth s_
EDUCATIONAL.
rX^eXvTIXe'^NYDE^7IS POST~ST~;
vocal music piaco. eloccuon, practical Shake-
spearean and general aramatio _eiin< a specialty;
vocal classes. Monday, 8 p. M ; 91 month.
vreJ\the telegraphy COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery st-; individa-l Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: life
achoiarshlu 950: low rates per week aol month. :
! TTOICE CULTURE, ELOCUTION AND D L-
>. sane taognt thoroughly; 25c lesson. .743 Foi-
sotn st. " " -■ . ■ .- •■ ;
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
O college. 723 Market st ; expense* less and
scholarship better thao where; day aad eight.
TEACHEH; ASSISTS PUPILS IN GEBMAN,
1 Latin-Greek. French .arithmetic E. 5.,411 Mason
A LaA K. HYER. PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
-jl jo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough Instruction •
OOKKPNG. WRITNG. ABITHMTU UEA MU.
dayi nl?ht:nnda«se3-. 95 mrsth. BJsMii»ioa
J KOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOUN, MANDOUN,
• X gat tar. cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
pHITAB MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: 93 mo. MA BY WESTHaUS. 39 Fif;_.
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
ies piano,s)nginB,French:93mo^ K.1 4. 100V Poik
"Xfß.* MBS. KOHMER. TEACHERS M'N
dolirt, guitar, banjo. 933 Market nt.. opp. Mason
) .. ELA=CO '-5 LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTINO—
j *> Private theatricals arranged; popils rehearsed
• oa stage. R. 5 and 12,1. O. v. F. Mock. 7th and Mfct
OCHOUL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL. MINING. _£.
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, arcfcit«^tnr»-
assay: esiab. '64. VAN DEBNAILLES. 723 Mfct.
N'tLlsH. FRENCH. GERMAN. PIANO,
painting, pa! mistry, t2 at Studio 1422 Hyde.
ROFESSORG. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OP
vloUn .guitar, mandolin. ha_io. 1707 Marvet.
DENTISTS.
pKOOME DENTAL A»SOCIATION."7S9 MAB^"
\J ket, bet 3d and 4th: gas specialists: only reliable I
agent for painless extraction: artiiicia: teeth from i
15; niunga {rom ♦!; ejuacting aOc. with gas 91. '
I »H. LUDLUX HILL, 1443 MARKET BT. I
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whe<*
plates are mad<i: Ml plates made over like new;
; teeth from S3 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
K. UfcOS'it; W. LEEK, TrfF. GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer o* pa:nless extraction '
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth '
without any plate. mov»d from 6to 20 Farreil st. j
VCLL SKT OF TEETH, 97: WARRANTED j
X five years: utractioa. 50c.; fiilinss. 50c.- •
crowns. 93 5a Chicago Dental Parlors. «4 Sixth.
TMRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASH
X prices; first-cJa«s results: palnleia extraction:
Tei. Main 5375. W.C. H ARDING.M.D., 800 Gutter i
' T\il. L. T.i RAN EXTRACTION PAINLKS-iv |
XJ crown work, trie re woric »nd teeth witoooi '
pia^s a specialty. 103 Geary at- cor. Grant ava. -
S7 A SET FOR ThETH: WaKx-.A.MED A-»
• good aa can be made: filllaz JL Dr. SUU-
ctctia.. 9SQ Market at- next Baldwin Thc^tar.
AIN LESS tXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a tpecialty: plates. 95 up: 13rear«
experience. B. L. V» ALaH. D.D.S.. hls^ Geary.
K. llLlitli, 170» PO-r-P ST- NEAR BB-
cnaaan: gas given; crown and bridge wort
ALL WORK REASON A BLK AND WAR-
-A ranted. DR. J..W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
QET OF TKETH WITHOUT A rj_Aiik. U*L l£"
0 G. YOUNG, 1841 Poi- at.
| OITU.V DENTAL ASSOCIATION. »«i iIAjJ-
V- ktrt M. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1 206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate av».— Open evenings: samlart UU noon.
TRCBTEES' SAXES.
X the terms and under th* aa-Lority of a certain
deed of trait, duly executed by JOHX H. McKAY
and KICHARD McC ANN. parties of tbe first p-rt.
to henry c. Campbell and tuaddeus^b.
KENT. Trustees, parties of tbe second part, and
the SAN FBa.nCMo SAVINGS UNION, par.y
of the third part.da-.ed May 17th, 1892. and recorded
I Id the office of the Cotinty Recorder of :he county
of Fresao, State of California in liber 114 of deeds,
at pages 110 and ro loww/, and in pursuance of a .
resolution passed on the 4th day of Jane. 1896. by
the Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 11, €43). to sec.ire payment of
which the atoresaid deed of trust wai executed,
-eciaring that default bad been made in the pay-
ment of the Principal sum and other sums, due
under sail note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDKC3 S. KEN 1. Trustees, to sell tbe real
estate descrie«d therein to satisfy said indebted-
sM
We, HF.XRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDECS
B. Kr: NT, Trustees, do hereby give notice, that on
Trt-sDAY.the 15th day of September, a. D.
1896. at 12 o'clock noon of that day. and at tie
auction salesroom of E ASTON, ELDRIDGE | dc
CO.. No. ti3B Market street, tn the Cur and County
of Han Francisco," State of California, we will seil
at public section, to tbe _:ghest Udder, for rash in
gold coin of tbe United States, all that piece or
parcel of land -situate ii the County of Fresno,
State of California, described as follows, to wit: ■-
-According ttf the oaici-i plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States: -
v In township sixteen (16) sooth, range twenty-one
(21 east. Moan: Diablo fcas- and meridian. .-:. :
I Of section t&irty-t-^o (3^). I tbe east half of the
southeast quarter (E. y* or ,the 8 ■.. i 4 ; contain- j
Injr e:ghty 80} acres of : land, ■ more «r less. To-
«r» ther with the appurtenances. ; - : : -
1 Term* of sae — Cash in gold . coin cf the United j
State*: 10 p-r cent payab:e to the undersigned on j
the fa-! of the hammer;. balance on delivery of
deed: and if 'no so paid, uniess for want of title
(ten d*ys being allowed ■ for search), then said 10
per cent to be forfeited ' and the sale to oe void.
Ac; s of sate at purchaser's expense. - - : , ■
HhNRV C. CAMPBKO.I Tm , M ,
THADDECS B- XX.NT. ; Irupees.1 rupees.
_ '-', ::.ii\:;-y.-:- y FIXAyciAL. .^.-^,'C J; I
Ql fl(\ nf\f\ TO WAS AS LOW AS BASK-*. {
C I U U. U U Apply rm 814, C»*.saie Dep.Bia . |
PERSONALS. ...•■_.■'.'.
BLUE-WHEN (SHALL i SEE » 'OU? AN-
swer. r V JOHN ST. ANNS.
T?OK MOST ARTISTIC HAIBDREsSING GO
-P to Up To Date parlors, BiO Market st., room 14:
halrdresslng and maniconjag free to &a, i Wwlae»-
day. 10 to 2. -■■■■;■■■■. - ■\ - ■:"■■■.■:.':." .'''--.:'- ■•- -'
It" ANNIE MILLER, WHO LIVED WITH «V
-L family daring this spring, will commanicate
with me, she will l?arn «on3e:h!ns: to her advan-
tage. . ; ; C. HOFFMANN. Santa Cfpg.
\\* ANTED— ADDBESSES OF ALL SUFFER^
. ■ *' "ing : from rheam-tlsm. kidney or nervous
' disorders. Address N. D-. box 149, Caii. y
4 DVICi."-FRKK; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; nocbarge nniesssaccesiful;ail
law salts, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HQWK.atty-at-law, »50 Maritetst.
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OP MAE-
riage by United States Divorce Hureaa; lega
everywhere. Aodreas P. O. box 2432. S. ¥.. CaL
it*. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101%
7 Grant aye., room 10. '■■ - '-'" -' '■■.- ■ ' . - ' - ..
ANTED — INFORMATION OF MRS. SO-
PHIA RODGfiß?.l*st heard from in 1892,
then living at 1023 Army st, Saa Francisco. Ad-
dress MR--*. at. LUDT, A mad r Cltr. Cat
Link WATCH r- pairing, JEWELKY
r made order, spectacles repa red, lenses cronad:
low prices; fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN.2O Geary.
i W ANTED— 3 J OUNii LADIES to WOBK AT
| '' home. 2-iVa Geary St., room 33.
! pHY*ICIANS OR DRUGGISTS OFEXPEBI-
x ence and means who d<rsir* to ge: well located
• before winter s«ts in. pease write lor information
i to DR. \VM. B. LOVETT. Paradise, Butte Coon:y.
CaL City references. REDINGTON <tCO..LANG-
LEY * MICHAELS Ca, PKOF. B. K. SWAN.
TF.MRS, MINNIE HEDLEY WILL LEAVE
X her address with A. E.. box 40. this office, she
will hear of something to her advantage. r; .
ORE 'BUSINESS: M O KB KOOM; HAVE
enlarged my parlors to give patrons quicker
and more efficient service; same prices: hair-
dressing 25c, switches $1: "QUINONiA" hair
tonic stands the teat well; sells for 35c per bottle.
G. LtDERi-K. Hairdresser. 11l Stockton st.
AKBIAGE BUREAU ESTB. 1887: SEVD
10c for latest list of ladies. MRS. HERTZ,
332 Hyde st.
HE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
1 salt to order. $10: paats,?3. Cat Kate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market B_,'be:.' 7th and etb.
r'ONFINEMXNTS ATTENDED BY KEGU-
V, Ist physician: $15 upward. A., box 98, C-iL .
! 1 ADY, STRANGER. DESIRES -A GENTLE-
i ■XJ man partner; 823 capital- Room 2, 122 Post.
ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wiih H. RXFLSIND, and op«_e<l an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order:!!: guaranteed ;low prices
mBCNRS DELIVEKr D 25C. - BAY CITY
1 Transfer Company, 244 Suiter; teL Gran: 57.
QA PANTS TO ORDER: SA MPLE BY MAIL.
C"t WERTHMAN Pants Company; local agents
wanted every where. A *-* Geary street. ;
4 DVICE FREE ALL PRIVATE LAW MAT-
A. ters: mod, tegs. Atty. McCABE, 1027 Market.
i OARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
j I and Newspaper IL'ostrat on: day and evening
Classes: instructor*. J. H. £. Part in won, Gertrude
Panington. R. L. Hartin^ton. Particulars 424 Piae.
4 T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
S\~ Institute, all cases treated and medicines far-
nisaed for $1; call or write. 1029 V* Market s-.-
-bet. Sixta and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
4 LL FACIAL BLEMISHFS, SUPERFLUOUS
iA. hair, moles, frecki-s. scars, etc, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 22d Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
PaZOR-FIXING OUR ■ SPECIALTY: FINE
X\edeepatosrazor,2sc. Razor Exchze,ti3oMari£et
VELVET AND ■ CLOTH 'CAPES BELOW
» manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., opata'.-i
IuOL'TDOOK STi-.KEOPriCON SHOW C.V ET
ry night cor. Market and sixth sta. : artistic al-
Tertifementa la living tight; promoters of ba-i-
-tw. ConsoltOWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Markets
T7LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM I
J-i Winchester House, 44 Third St.. Dear Market:
200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $150 to Id per
week; free bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
T IBklliAL AbVAStu UN DIAMONIJa, J-.W-
-XJ elry. etc. : lowesi rat-^. 84a Market gt.
. i.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS* AND LADLS*
\J dothics booght. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR . 5 CENTS — TH»
-a. WEEKLY CALL, In «Taoo?r. for dsilinz.
CLAIRVOYANT^ ~ ;.
itana the gypsy^ " " '"■""■■""!" r ""~'> ".:"T "'■
This remarkable woman baa Just arrived from
the Orient aad promises marvelous developments
j in nnrave:iag tbe mystery of haman fate:- she ad-
j vises yoa on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: sne reunites the separated:
causes speedy a:.<i happy marriage with the oue
of your cnoice; lucfiy numbers given. 8 Turk st.
M.-_ i'Oillt.K. \VOM»EBFUL CLalKV'Ui'-
ant, Card- reader, born Trtth adoa&ie veilaal
cecond sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry aad
clairvoyant sitticss $1 50. 1-6 Turk su, nr. Jones.
MiS. AKNDT. BKS C t'OiSTUXK TELLKK t-V
th* world: 50c and (1. shows picture at <-rmr
futnre husband or wit*. 4 Twelfth- TeL Mint 62L
Al ME. SCHMIDT. CLAIRVOYANT, TEL
J.U pas', present and futur* success to all; for»
tone* By mail: low erics. 555 ilia»ion st. --. ■■ .
A I ill. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEAI3
i'l past, present, future: 25c Dp. 764 Howard St.
\l ME. RAVFNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
i'l bsisteeM advice: man zlven:2scnp. 5 Foarth.
ME. Lr UETTE— PRETEXT, PAST AND
iatnre: 25c 31 1 Tefcama. upstairs, nr. Focrth.
YPSY LIF- -READER: PAST, PRESENT
and future; ladies 25c 24. » Ship! nr. Hfth.
p YPSY LIFE-BEADER, Hi MOVED FROM 5
VJ" seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c: gents 50c
MME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE'
bosband, wife; ladies 25c 50c 914 O"Farre!t.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kearay. now 9*i9 Post: fee $1: letter 92.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; ladies. 25c: gents, 50c. OFarreli.
PROFESSOR CARNELLE'LEFT CITY FOR a"
X vacation: wat- h Tbe Cali for his return.
ISS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. - 105 Larsin »l. room 2. .
/CLAIRVOYANT AND CARD-BEADER;
su'.T^tl. 3<^6 Stociiion !'.
_____________________________________________
SFIBITUALISM.
V VERITABLE QUEEN AitONG WOMEN 13
MRS. PR. A. D' HOWE. .
FEE fl « UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD:
HOPE. HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOP. ALL!
Why that look of sadness ? Why thai downcast
eye? -Are too -la trooble. sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
I MRS- DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
'. thousands on this coast in the tea years past, is
! again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, £aa
1 Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to ass.*;
i every suffering mortal who will either call on or
: write to her. Your whole life revealed; snecesi
> troaght to tbecniacky; love to the loveless: tae
separated are united; the sick made strong; th«
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wlsi
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens arV
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does ,
not know what failure means? ; Her "-Beveaiaa
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh ia heir to. ana na
matter of how long standing. Write if yoa can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always mas: sa>
cessfal and sattsfacory. All letters ar»were_.
■■ - Diseases oiagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE »I A UPWARD' FKK 91 A UPWARD!
-UUi. I>R. A. D. HOWE,
13-0 Market :u, opp. Sevenav
- San Francisco.
WONDERFUL CONVINCING PROOF OF
>! :- SPIRITUAL POWKR.
WRITE AND BE CONVINCED.
II « II »l-« II 91 91 91 91 *1 91
THI- WKBK ONLY. ;
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 Market St., S. F..
'■:-. Diagnoses disease, with fell life reading, from
lock of hair t: this week only for $1: take advan- i
tage of this rare opportunity: her reveal d m-dc i
does work wo_d*rs with tbe sick aad -filleted.
Write address p.ainiy ana inclose lock of hair.
91 *1 91 »i >1 91 «1 »1 »i »1 91 91
I,^RIEND-HIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
! MttStC. J.MEYER holds meetings -an. Moa.'
Tnnrs. and Sat.; 7:30. cir. Tue..Fri. }?.».; sutgs
KETCaNED-MK-.MAYO&Tr.EBS; CIRCLE
San.. Toes.. -»' rrt. evenings: Ladies 1 circle
Than. 2r. at-: readings daily. 1015 Market, r.19.
T A DIES' AID SOCIAL BNTEKTAINMENT
Xj and dance; admission I ICe: Friend-hip Hall,
3-6 McAllister st-, this evening. : :'■
PIRITU-ALTESTjM-ETING, 8 P. M.. AT
355 McAllister st. : Mesdames Hendee, Rogers
and Wrenn. '-:.'.. .:'.;': -v; '-. - ; --' , •:. .-■■' ' .;--■■■. -■ /.
PROF. CHAS. A. JtlNGu'S - LKCTURK AND
A less meeting, 1133 Mission St., every Friday
Digit. .■■'.■■■..■■- -';.-, .' ■.' ■'•. ; ---' .■■- r ■■■-'■ - .:. :-. -y<- -.._.'
ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET; Si.AX-
ces Tnesday, Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 daily.
• 4 :--- M. FKANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
_rL. writer. 118 Halght s:.; hoars9nnai 6 p. x.
/"< RAND TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: SITTINGS
\J daily. MRS. C. CORNELIUS. 1346 Market. .
\| RS. KATE HOSKINS, TKANCK MEDIUM; I
-'■ sittings *i: cir'!* TaMav -v 136 Oak. - •-
HYPNOTISM.
YPNoTISH ANiT^vTl AL "^itAGNETISM '.
; practically and scientifically taught In • 3 les- i
sons, a so how to hypno instantaneously, by i
professor of the French school; a goal opportunity !
Is - here offered :to •, physicians a and students of
science Interested ia its therapeutic eOcts; high- i
est credentials: correspondence : solicited. call or '
address tbe Hypnouc and Mesmeric Institute, :
SO'Farreilst.*-. - ' '■■"■■■ - '■"-■'- -■■ ■■■■ -.- '■.:--„■ .. ;
* FKOFESSIOXAI. ■■ CARDS. ;; .-■;•■•' ~
ATIORNEY-aT-LawT ROOM i
421. four h floor, Parr»tt building Emporium). [
JOHN li. ..ICHABIW, MWOiilCKs ■ ROOMS
-S3 and s 27, Crocker otulding; Wit'pnone Mala i
75. Saa Franasco. CaL .%..- : ■ -_ - - ■;
"I UHN JK. AITKEN AND MA CHICK L, ASHER. !
O attys at law. nua 515.516. 5b -Qor.Parrottblds. :
>■',-,.■■ --- . - .-^'^ TO LEASE. '£ '-.  : -. : ; '_.. ~"
rOR Ri.NT OK LEASK— 3O-VARA~LOl r '<
X co.-. ' Polk - and : Jackson sts. : rent - 50 : per :
month. : Address J. 8 . 4a7 Sansome st. -. F. ;. - .
TXPEWRITEKS. - ~™
ViA « IGP.APH. t!5: REMINUTON. 35. ScoTT
V <_ iiA» MM, 333 2loni£9ffitrjr v.
i _ CITY ItE [AX. . ESTATE. - 1 - ■ i
T3EAD T HIsTbEST BUSLN corner on
XL- the San Leandro . ro-d and main ; street to :
I l'.:csbtirg station; ' size 100x100; caeap at $20
per front foot.' •'■:.;-■ -___*" 1? v ; 'r. •. r v,--;> ■ ;.-
RESIDENCE CORNER, "lOOilOO, 2 BLOCKS '
from tae. Saa Leandro streets graded
; and graveled; price $503.
BUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCHBUBG STA-
tioa; frontaze to salt at 15 per front foot
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB- '■
divide into 43 building lots; a good boy to hoid ■
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BEST: GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA :
County, for sale and to rent: will grow Sowers, j
fruits and . vegetables ■to - perfection; splendid t
chance to start a nursery and grow cot flowers lor I
; the market, v
ATHEK BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS i
: V/ in the best situated locality for a growing town '
outside the city limits of Oakland: low tuxes; city !
water, church, school, it** delivery, etc.
THaD. & FITCH, Fitchburg. .
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery st., S. P. .
f\NE OF THE FINEST RESIDENCE^ IN SAN [
\J Fraac.'sco to - exchange •.:• for nnlncuatibered
country lanl: price 140.U-0. with 912.000 mort-
\ gage. Syndicate Investment Company, 64 and 65
' Chronicle baildtng." : '. '^._-^.r ir-'^ ■.■'■■, ~ ;
"HEAP; COTTAGE OF 5 BOOMS. AND BATH.
\J on 21st st. and Potrero aye. An. to J. GUNN,
builder, at oaiidicg. or to 308 Cort'-ud aye. /
EASY TEKMi: *500 CASH; : 2-SIOKY 7-
room and bath borne*; 20 minutes o: Kearsy
su ; open daily, : Geary St., nr. Cock. .
C; f xri ABSOLUTELY GIVKN AWAY, LOT
, C"±O\J. 25x120, en W.Hne of 16th aye.. near H ;
i St.; 2-story residence adjoiaiag: lot ready to build
I on; car line on H s_: this 's a genuine sacrifice. :
; CaU on owner, room 1?, 43 £th st., 1 to 5 p. at.
CrCnn 50x120. SEVENTEENTH AYE..
C OUU . near H St.: . codtlvely the cheapen '
• park lots; a genuine bargain. 155 j Fifteenth aye., !
i Sooth san Francisco. • :'.•'?;•..
I -TOR SALE— ELEGANT NEW MODERN !
residences, s tuated on Gonzh st. , near Broad- ,
' <ta- : contain 8 to 12 rooms, and : all modern con- j
■ veniences: fine view, good neighborhood and com- j
! plete street work: tfc^se bouses shoola be seen be- ':
| fore purchasing elsewhere; terms easy; houses |
; open. /' ;
MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE, <
JL near the racetrack, on Flaxton and ration j
s:s.; 11 rooms and bath, wooden mantels and all >
modern improvements: lot 6"J:6x125; «11l be sold
a; a great sacrifice. G. \V*H- PATTERSON & CO.,
| 2 Valencia st. : ■ ';
JU>T COMPLETED: HOUSE 14 ROOMS; ;
finUn natural woods: quartered oak, birdseve i
laapie. mahogany, curly redwood; gas and in- :
candescent lUcti'nx; tiled sinks and baths: marine
view. Cor. Clay and Lanrel; owcer on premises.
©1 O'(» COTTAGE OF 6 BOOMS: BEKKE- |
CX — OU. ley: lot 50x100: near station; $300 ,
down. $15 monthly. . -
$150— Lot 24x100: 85 down, 9S monthly. -
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery at. :■-
-ÜBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT; !
Cslso to 9275 a room: parties contemplating ■
; building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission. :
* WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — THB
■a. WEEKLY' CALL. In wraoiier. for mailing.
| MONEY TO LOAN. ■" '. y- !
\NY AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMOND^ !
-T. watches, Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks ;
and instruments; interest low; private entrance; i
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE '
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. .
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
I A. Jewelry, also oa furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY i
' STORE. 948 Market St.; open evenings.: ..,:*, '
: C_l An l\f\fi AT LOWEST RATES: CITY :
CIUU.V'UUisd Oakland: life insurance.
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates: any sum.
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE&CO.. 218-220 Montgy :
ONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT 95 INTER-
us: per month for each $1000; sam? rate sec- >
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box i. Call. |
■\f ONEY LOANtl* ON JE\V_,LiSY AND •
i>i ether valuables at the Security Loan Offi:»
1 Market St.. Mason: private entrance 7 Tars. <
j 1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PiA>*U; !
■ XJ bo removal: co delays; do commissions: low
; interest. Km. 68. Donohaa : bid ». 1170 Marks: •_';
i NY AMOUNT: IST. 21> or 3D MOKTQAOEi:
• A estates, endivided interests, reaw. estate ia or*
taWi. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery. :oom 3.
f_» - f\ UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT- ;
C'J^g&ges: Int. in estates. MUK PHY. 62B Mrs!
1 DVANCESONDIAMONDSJtWTKLKY. JiTO
-*\ Colom-ia Loan <& Collateral Office. 9 «,ran! |
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY" REAL ESTATE.
McEWEN 118 Montgomery St. 1
\!'ANrED-l800; GOOD SECUEITY; GOOD
" interest. Addre?; J.. box 9. CaR
PAWNBROKERS. . -
BORROWERS. ATTENTION — INTEREST ',
saved at the Cot Rate Loan Office, room 7. j
i Flood building. £09 Market St.: strictly private: ,
: open evectogs: elevator. - -
»X 126 KKARN V ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
-TV loaned, watches, diamonds, etc : low rates;
private room elevator: Pledgt^ for y-!g cb^an.
PKOPO3AXS. - "
' FORSUBSISTENCiE^ SXTPPLIEiC
X Ofiice of Purchasing Commissary. ■, No. 38 !
New Montgomery st- San l-raucisco, CaL, August •
19, 189&. ealed proposals, in duplicate, anbjeet
to the nsnal conditions, will be received at this
■; office anil 11 o'clock _. at. on SATURDAY, 1 An- ,
i gust 2». 1896, at which time and place they will be ;
' opened in the presence of bidders, for famishing ;
: and delivery of the fo lowing-named subsistence .
i supplies: Port, Bacon. - Beef (.corntd). > Flour,
Beans, Tomatoes, Molasses. Soap, Candies, Choco-
! late, Corn. Crabs, Crackers. Ham. Lobsters,
: Oysters, Pineapples, sardines. Soap,' Tapioca,
' Tongue (beef). Cinnamon, Extracts, Lime Juice. ;
: Olives, Pickles, salt. Pipes, Tobacco. Soap (toilet), •
i Blaicg, Ink. Blacking (shoe). Brooms, Brushes. -
i Batumi, Chamois Skins, Combs. Shoes rings and -
Toweling. Proposals will not be considered un- >
less accompanied by samples of articles bid for. .
! The Govcrameat re-erves the right to reject any ,
. or al) proposals. Preference will be given to arti- :
: cles of dome-it c production or manufacture, eon- i
' ditions of quality and price {including in the price •
: of . foreign production or manufacture . the datv :
thereon) .being equal. Blank proposals and fall i
information as to the quality of supplies, character :
of paefcag- s. etc., will be furnished on application
to this office. Envelopes contained proposals
' saooid be marked, "Proposals for' sobssslence ;
; Supplies, to be opened An gust 29," and addressed '
j to the undersigned, CHAS. P. EAGAN,- Major '
and C. S.. United States Army. '■ ■*-:-■
LEGAL ; NOTICES.
; V OTICE^TH c" A FFaIrToF^H^FIR SIToP
: i.\ O'Farrell <t Co.. real estate agents, have be«n !
placed in the hands of G. H. Umbaen & Co.. the
' wesl- known real estate men. pending adjustment
of accounts 'All of the creditors and patrons of
O'iarreli «£ Co. are reqaened to meet at 11 Mont-
gomery at. • TO-DAY >.FRIDA\). at 3 p. it The
' business of the firm will be under the personal
cnar«e of G. H. Umlnrn , until definite arrange-
menu are made looking to the taking over the i
entire business of the firm to G. H. Cmbsea <fc Ca .
and adjustment of oatstaadlneilabCities.' ■•. ■■-.':.; ;
V OTICE OF SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
; 1 la the Superior Court, in and for the Citr and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
Dept. 9. Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LKWIS&OHER, deceased. '
Notice is he eby given, that in persuance of an ;
order of the ; Super.or Court of t&e City ani !
County of San Francisco, Sta'e of California, ;
made on the Bth day or Apr:!, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS sOHEK, deceased, the
undersigned aaminlstraior with the will annexed I
i of the estate of LEWIS 'HER, deceased, will ;
! sell at public auction to the highest bidder for j
i cash and subject to confirmation by said superior !
j Court, on THURSDAY, the lOch day of Septem- I
! ber, 1&96, at 12 o'clock m., at auction salesrooms '
i of G. H. Umbeea A Co., - No. -14 Montgomery ■
street, in tfce City and County of San Francisco, j
' all the rignt, tie. interest and estate of : tne \
. saki LEWIS .SOHEB, a: trie time of his death, ;
: and ail ' the right, title and Interest .> that the j
said estate has, by operation of lan ;or other- .
; wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
■ of the said LSWIS SOHER, at the time of his ;
'■ ceatn. in and to all those certain lots, pieces or ■
: parcels of land situate and Deing in th • City and '
! Coanty -of San Francisco, State , of- California, ;
; bounded and described as follows: - .
Commencing at a point - on the sotither!y
J line of Bosh s.ret-t distant thereon one hundred
. and thirty-seven feet and six inch- easterly from
1 the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence ';
> easterly along saM southerly lire of Base street :
; thirty feet, thence at right angles southerly one ;
' handred and - thirty-seven feet and six inches. '
thence at right angles westerly thirty 1 feet, and !
; thence at right ancles northerly one hundred and !
1 thirty-seven feet and six inches to said I southerly . l
line of Bujh MM and to the point of commence-
ment. Being part of 50-vara lot No. 1367. aa a; i
: down on the ofii. ial Map of the City of San Fren-
Cisco.' .■■■'.■-■■■-";■:' ■-•-.•::- : '' '" ' ;: - ■•- -•■•>■■ " :-.
: »*cond— Commencing at a point m th« southerly
line of O'Farrell street distant thereon one hun- !
> dred and thirty-seven fee: and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of 'Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of o'Far- ■
rell ■street fifty-eight feet to the: westerly line of [
Carlos place, thence ~ at : right angles southerly
alo&g said westerly line of Carlos place , ninety- :
seven feet and six inches, thence at risht angles :
i westerly « fifty-eirht feet, ; and 'a hence *at right
[ angles northeriy ninety- seven feet and six inches '
' to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the '
■ point if commencement, b-ing part of 50-vara !o:
i No. 954 on the official map of . the City , of can
Francisco. - ■ .-■:■- ' . '■> "'■'>■■—■■'
Terms asd conditions -of . sale: ■ Cash, lawful ,
moaey of the United States, ten per cent of the ;
parcbase money to be paid to the undersigned on ;
the day of sale, frftT«q«^ on confirmation of sale by •
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser. -
r EM ILE BOHEB, Administrator with i the ; will]
annexed ?of the estate of Lxwis Soheb, de- j
ceased. •. ■■' ; •"■"-'. : .': ■" ■■- *
Dated Anzast 18, 1896. _
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
' Mills building. - '
"T.EPARTMENT NO. 9. PROBATE— THK
XJ Superior I our: In and for the City and Connty j
of *san Francisco, State of California, in tne mat- I
ter of the estate of MARION HE KO, deceasea. <.
- Notice is hereby given, that FRIDAY the 4th
day of September, A. D. 1896, a; 18 o'clock A.' at, !
of said day, and the courtroom of Depar'ment No." i
9 of said coon, ax the new City Hal:, ia the City !
and Caanty of San Francisco. 8 . ale lof Cailforcia, ;
■ have been : appointed as toe tins* : and place for .
proving the will of said MARION. DE KO, de- |
ceased, and for hearioc the application of Andrew
S. . Binney > for '■ the - issuance to ■ him .of letters
1 testamentary thereon. ''-
! Dated August 21, A- D. 1896. - r i
I [SEAI-IC-F- CURRY, Clerk, i
j - - By F. B. HOUGHTON. Deputy Cierk. '/ ;
RICHARD BEICHER. ; Belcher -bailding,
[ ii_rriTlUe, CaL, Attorae/ for Pe-ttoaei. :' [
; COryTBY BEAK ESTATE.
FARMING THAT PATS— SO CUT. HORSE
X beans per acre, 25 tons «re*n corn per acre. 60
tons pumpkins : peracrt, IiOO bnihels onions per
;«cre are crops aciually raised on land of Steele
Kst-te; richts: land ;n California: in tracts from
5 acres up: ; also ?ratn ■ and dairy land: price to
salt the times: terms to salt the buyer: "don't bar
poor land: the best is cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, CaL; ,;•:- •. ' . ■ .".■..,■...:•- .: /'
A lA(Y±SO ACRES FOR LEASE OR SALE:
ttUU Alitaedi Osnatr: i ha» 'and, > -' water and
timber, for stock: will exchange or sell on time.
L. L. M. SALSBUBY. 9Q-J Broadway. Oak.a-c.
BEST BARGAIN IN THE STATE; COUNTRY
XJ home: 20 acres orchard: near dty: : don't bay
before you sea owner at 361% Geary st, room 23;
11 to 1, 4to 7: price <3SOU: principals only. ....
1x l ACBiiS. ALL. LEVEL LAN!', SONOMA
i-O2 County; house, barn, ehlcken-haase; 400
chickens. 50 ducics; everything la Al order; will
seil or exchange. .; •'..',■■.■■■
ao ACRES HIGHLY improved LAND, SO-
"O noma Coanty, ail set to orchard: sell or ex-
change. ■ ■ : - : '•.-;'—':
A O ACRES, ll^i MILES FROM : EAILBOAD,
tO Napa Coanty. well improved, for sale or ex-
change fur Oakland property. *
ONE OF THE FINEST RANCHES INNAPA
\J County, highly improved, offered for a few
days for cboica Alameda property vaiuea at
£11,000; all clear. EDWIN K. ALSIP * C 0. ,;
Room »9, Second tlocr. •
, Mills 1 utlding, S. F.
AIBY, HOG AND WOOD RANCH OF 3'iO
U acres; all fenced and cross-fenced: - good
house, barn, etc.: sice vineyard: 13 springs and ,
running stream : more than 50OOcord4 of standing j
wood, oat aod pine; 4 miles from switch, 5 from
town: worn 95 per cord at the switch; 93500. D.
H. T WING, Ciir, CaL . ,■ > .\
ITTLJi HUMES, CLO^K TO TOW.\. IM-
J proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 aad 10 year*' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday a; 532 Market st- S. F.,
\\" ANTED— TO LEASE 100 TO SUO ACRES: j
* » Santa Clara Valley preferred:" partly im-
proved: water; no fancy prices. Address, tall
particulars. Responsible, bos 42. Call Office ih -.-
mHiiiTINEaT iiOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the rteht
party can' secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as :n« present owner is not abie to
give It the a:tentian it requires; this property is
rtwli improved and well locaied and capable of car-
rying several thousand bead of hoz* the year round.
For particulars aq-.r^gsX. V.. box 6J, Call oißce.
ANY ONE WAN 1 A liANtn FOB
gnzin? purposes, or an orchard ' already Im-
proved, where only small cash oatUy Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 328 Montgomery s-
ABXN COUNIY— 3UJO • ACRES 28 SLLLEi
"from city; lo s any size: trait, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; 940 975 per
acre; terms to salt. Syndicate XsY_*iiuezu Cuat-
pany. 65 Chronicle bonding. ' ' . •■•; -/'."
\ LA MED A COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-v est In tee State; selling in tracts, 5 acres nr>-
ward, 35 per acre: adjoining latas held at 8100
per acre; own* forced to sell; l^i hoars from S.F.; ;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.
KMJfUitolK Ll-»r UJr" VRVHAH.it t%\J it .-.-i
for"*;*. WIMisTKR * WHITTUX, -.- _ T r»».
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAyp REAL ESTATE.
OME OF THE MOST ATTRACTIVE BESt
O aecces in. Oakland torrent; famished or on-
famished; for sate a $70,000 maostoc for less than
5 SO.OJO as a whole or in snbdivisions- W. E.
BARNARD. 453 Ninth s-, Oakland. j
Y OB SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR. !
1- Nineteenth ay». and Twenty -fifth st.: lot 140 x
350 feet: house of 10 rooms; grounds in lawn, or-
merstai and fralt trees. — Address CHARLES C.
Br-MIS. 324 Montgomery st- -*:»-:
"I £ L0T8.25x100 EACH, IN EASTOAKLAND,
Itr for exchange: value - $ 1 750: mortgage of
*700; »ha; have yon got to offer • CF. MOORE,
935 Market St.. room 4.
$O/'-A b-RUOX HOUSE: ALL NEW AND
•_—*-■''-"-'• modern; never been occupied; let
36x100: located on Thirty-third St., bet. Grove and
West; f 100 casb, ana balance to salt customer:
this is a rare chance to % c. a good home is the best
residence portion of Oakland.- A. H. BLOW, 1010
Broadway, Oakland. ' r ' v
Cj I -- , . AS fcI.EGANT NEW 6-ROOM
V X » O . coUagr: all modem; high basement:
lot 26x100; locate- on Linden st., near Twenty-
eighth: easy terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. ■-; .
6 I A(\(\ 7-ROOM 2-STORY HOUSE: ON
O I -iVJyJ* Oasst., Deu Seventh: lot 25x70; a
good bay; easy terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. \- . :
■2 ilQftft NEW AND ELEGANT 6-RoOM
-ul/u. cottage; all modem; high basement,
bath, etc.: corner lot, 33:6x100; located on north
side of Nineteenth St., nr. Curtis; easy. terms.
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. Oakland
37*7i7i7» >*ew and modern s-roox
CDUUU. house: reception hall finished in oak:
stairs, parlor and dining-room finish ed in cedar;
balance of bouse finished in redwood: corner lot
on Nine eenth St.. near Wrst; good location: con-
venient to electric cars and local. A. H. BLOW, :
1010 Broad way, Oakland. . , ; . '..■
QQI l\{\ NEW AND ALL-MODERN 8-
O"Xfv/. room house; lost finished: lot 35x
112: on Twenty-seventh si- bet. Telegraph aye.
and Grove 5;.; this ;is a great bargain, A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway. Oait land. :
C-XAAA NEW AND ELEGANT 9-RQOM 2-
<^tJUv/V/. story hoase: high- basement: bath
and all modern improvements: lot 40x100; this
property is worth $7000; must be sold to dote up
an estate. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW MODERN HOUSE 8 GOOD
C_lt)U. rooms for 930 per month and no cash ■
down. Apply to AXJDtN * KBONENBEBG, 903
Broadway.
ii ILL IT PA"i ? YES!! SEE ALLE>"DALE
I* * Tract at once. - Buy a 975 lot or upward for a.
borne or paying investment: Fruit adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland: level
and choice site; street* . graded: some macadam-
ized; only a few left: line school: 2 electric roads
near ry : conveyance tree 9* cash and $ 5 monthly.
468 Ninth st., Oakland, and 660 Market &_, S. S.
H. Z. JONES, owaer-l - ■
« WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TBjt
A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
OAXI^LNTD HOUSES TO LET. . -
Q(\ LOWER -PLAT. 6 BOOM^: FUR^
f^OxJ. nished; laendrv; water paid: gas.Sowers.
lawn: sunny tide street: good sewerage: owner
and daughter live npstairs: reference required.
Apply at house. ? £58 Thirty-third street, near
Grove street cars. ■'"■, . -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AI.A3rEDA REAL ESTATE.
■21 *~>^n CASH AND $3750— 0N TEBMS TO
Ci-i)U snit will bay one of the choicest homes :
In A. am- da; house 10 rooms: large corner lot im- '
proved; furniture for sac. Owner, box 63, Call.
C?9»>nn TO I&OOO— NEW AND MODERN I
i£~')\J\J nooses on Urge lots In good locations; 1
convenient to traiiis; terms to salt tne purchasers. '
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1334 Park |
su. .a lam»d«- -"■■'""-• ■:'-■...' .- ; -■.--■- -. - - ,-.-■- .■
BERKELEY beai. ESTATE.
\\- ILL" BUILD '. A MODERN i-B~OOM COT-
*» tage. with mantel, bath. laundry, basement,
hot and cold water: sewered; lot 40x100; lor $1500:
9300 cash. $15 per monio. >'. BOE^Lfc, tta-tea
Gate station. ....;-.,•..•■ -■ --:■ ..•■■'.■.■-' -. i --^-
(?l OOD HOMKS • FOR RKNT OR * FOR SALS
' VJT on easy term. O. G. MAY A CO- real estaM,
fcollclcr and loans. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
' O^EPi: J. MAaUN. KEAL - tSl"Ala AND
v ln.«nraa-e »t.c: {. fr«ei»v statn, adjoinln; banlt. j
BERKELEY > HOUSES. *
Or" BENT — $SoVJINCLubLN G WATEbT
honse of 10 rooms ard bath, with garden and
lawn in front: larsre orchard, aiso some pasture
land: entire place comprises about 1 1 acres: street
macadamised: five mir.nt«s' wa k to '.rain maiclnz
ba.f-hoar!y trips to city. For farther information
call or address A. J. SNYDERA CO.. 407 Ninth
at., real estate brokers. Oakland." : : . '- ' ■
OK RENT, NEWLY FURNISHED COT-
tage 5 rooms, lath and garden, 920. 1932
Berkeley way, East Berkeley.' ■ : 7 ' - •■- ' ■ *
I '•OB "BENT V FUR ONE YKAR OR LONGER
' on reasonable terms— A completely furnished
hon«e -of• 10 rooms. bath s and \ laundry; stable,
cnickenbouse: roses, etc: convenient to railway,
school and ooiversKy. ; Address House, : box 63,
Call ' fB *. --■--' ■•---- ---■■■■- ■-• ', ■■-
ATTOKXETS-AT-I,ATr.
"*»"£%-' ICE^ FF.Ei^-iTIVOiiCE iIAW^TjL^PKcV ;
-TV altr ; private: no charge unless sacces-7-I; aU ' i
law salts, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc st- - 1
tended to. *U. W. HOWE. stt'y-a;-law. 860 Market. ;
VOAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 536 PABBOTT |
->.' bniidine: consultations tree;. moderate fees.' '
EGAL • BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH- I
out pabltrity: advice, free aad confidential. J.
G. JEFr'KESS, 40*J Montgomery s:.. room 18. ." ■ \
* DVIO" FBKE: NO CHARGE 'UN LESS SCC-
JfL cessfaL W. W. DAVIDSON, 927. Market st. '
\ir.r*-. ARAM. ATT*Y-AT-LAW,SBI PAiUiOTT
,i 1/ . Id?. Practices >a all conns ;ca&rges moderate
K-'W. KING, ATTOKNEV-AT-LAW CHRON-
. k-> nidg; advice trr*-: rrn»J<*ratf: open evngs. !
STORAGE. ' . ; •_ •
STOBAGK— CHEAPEST INTHE CITY; FIB&
prop; -oildingr: advances made. 211 Larkin.-:
TOBAGh- CtiKAPKsT I.\ THJi CITY . FtßJS-
proof buii.iins: advances made. 211 Larkin, .;.
I^URNITURK,: PIANOS, TRUNK-. " AD-
' Tances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK,gQ4 Pos^
* t , B. SMITH i FURNITURE CO.. 5 133 fiLJLId; j
-"*- • low r&t-- fifp-proof baHdiPt:.Kast>r_ pi*"i-
PHOTOOKAPHERS SrPPLIES.
T^EW hoi JUST OPENED. 124^t GEARY;
Xl fall line latest • and '.: test: . cameras repaired:
tree dant toom; vto& tot c*iaAO», - Cai. Cam*ra Co, i
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
AI.F SECT lON OF GOOD LAND IN TtTIaRE
toantx, for Improved or unimproved property
in B^:<eiey or.~auiricci4ca AdJ:e*i A. box es7
C-UOiace. >•-""".."-.■:-.:-■ :'"■•■ - <_. - - »
1 9^.1 -ACRES li.' l.h.K LAND, KERN CO.:
JL _COU w-tvr: na«»forcatUi?-rTis : Tic. N_bx.lB.CaU
FAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL. sen; to any address in the
C mted^tates or Canada one year for 91 50, pos>
age free- ,--■-■. -
XARBIAGK I.ICKNSBS.
1 he followinr marriage licenses were tssael by
the Comity Clerk's office yesterday;
" C E. Edwards and Margaret A. YeUott. 29—18.
A. Woolalayer and Laeia M. Present:. 26—25.
M. Carey and rLa M. Shaw, 2S— l& .
M. 5. Rossell and lo.a F. Riddle. -o— l9. .
Frank Benson sod Kate IMaa. 24— 24.
I IS— CARRIAGES — »£ 1 1 Hi
FBirth. marriage and death notices sens by milt
will not be in-er.e-i. They mas . be handed In as
either of the pobtieactoa offices ami be Indorse!
with in* name and residence of persons aatbarizai
to cave ihc same . paoiultSvL J
BOEX.  .
BUKOFSKY— In Salinas. i Awnst 19, :to the
wile of Henry Bukofsky, a daughter. . .
31 ARRON— this city, August 26, 1896, to the
. wife of D. J. Marroo, a daughter- .
NEWHALL— In this city, August 26,1893, to the
* wife of William a Newt all. a son. '
SEXTON— In this city. August 27, 1896. to the
* Cs M P<-'. r Sextop. a daughter.
MARRIED.
ALEXANDER— FRANK— In this city. August
25, lsas, by the Rev. Dr. Jnlios Fryer of the
Bash-street Temp Geor:« Alexander and
; Bertha Frank, beta of San Francisco.
ANKELE— WE-TERFELD-In this city. August
' :- 26. 1*96, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Joaa Henry
i : Ankele and Ija Westerfeid.
MANTKE— RIEDEL— la this dty. August 12.
1393, by the Rev. J. M. BueJiler, Adolph Mantke
and Annie Bledei.
' ROUSSEY— HART— In this city. August »T.
18^3, by the Rev. Thomas ben, D.D., Frank
J. Roassjy and Anna Hart, both of San Fran-
cisco. ,-v ' . • . . , - :..., ..•.-'
SPARKS— BBUNS-fn this city. Angus'. 26.189*.
by tbe Rev. J. M. Baehler, Ottis L. Sparks and
Edith Brans.
STROBRIDGE— McLEAN-In this city, An^as:
26, ■ ISStS. at the residence o- James Scoo-f,
by the Rev. m. M. Gibson, D.D., nsuste-J by the
Rev. Mr. Lyons.- James Harray* Strobndse of
Hay wards and Margaret McLe&a of i^an Fraa-
cisco. *
TURNER— YANDELL— this city, Angast 28.
1524. by the Rev. M M. Gibson. D.D., Charles
E. Turner; M. D . of Bio Vista, CaL. an 4 Emma
A. Yaadellof Bistiop, Inyo County, Cat
VAUGHAN— KEITH-In this city. Augnst 22,
1896, H. G. , Vaoghan aad Jet Keita, bot_ of
: San Franetseo. .
DIEI>.
Barret o. Ame!ie*C Moors. Harold S.
. Cnrry. Chares H. M. CDell, Mary J. C.
ChCora, Lizzie - Pitto, James
Cocbeli, Absalom Byan. Fannie
English, James Sampson. A . S. Sr.
Garrity. Joan R. Solomon, Dora
Ulbbs. Henry C A. Wanner. Anthony '
Henchion, Mrs. Ana Wilktns. Ida Bell
Murphy, Ethel M. Warren, Ber:i a B.
Murray, Winnifred D. Willis, John P.
BABBETO— Tn this city. Aognst 28. 1998 Ame-
lle Calls'. beloved daughter of Rob«n U. and
Ada Barreto, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 11 months and 7 dars. '
*3~The fanerat sntl tat* place THIS DAT
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p.i t," from the resi-
dence of her parents, 923 Jack-ion street.
CURRY— In this city. Angnst 25, 1896, Charles
H. >'.. beloved husband of Emma J. Carry and
father of C F., . W. , X.. L. M. and. Miss M. K.
Curry art! Mrs. James Patterson, a native of
Redrath. Cornwall. England, . aged 63 years 9
months and 21 days.
• AT* Friends and acquaintances are r«SD*cv
fully invited to attend she funeral TO-MOaBOW
(Saturday), at 2 ©"dock p. it, from Central
,M. E. Chcrca, on Mission street, between sixtn
, asJ Seventh. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
:K. ot H-— The members of Keys'oae LoJ^,
i Knights of Honor, are hereby, aotified to meet
at Jodgeroom. Alcazar TOMORROW
: (f-atardav), at l_:30 o'clock p. m. sharp, to at-
tend the funeral of our :a:e Grand Reporter, C
. H. M. Carry. By order of . : '
CHAS. H. HOLCOMB. Dictator.
K. of H.— The officers and members of the Grand
Lodge of California. Kniihrs of Honor, are here-
by notified to meet at the Alcazar, 114 O'Far-
r»ll scree; (fourth floor). TO-MORROW (Satur-
cay). at 12:30 o'clock p. M., to attend the runeral
ocr late Grand Reporter. C. H. M. Carry. All
members of tee Knights of Honor are alnore-
queated to attend.
PBESCOTT L. ARCHIBALD.
. Grand Dictator.
A. O. U. W.— the officers and members of
Yerba Buena Lodge - No. 14. A. O. U. W. : Yoa
are requested to at^em&e a: the !oii?-r">om. 32
O'Farreli s-.reet, f\)-MORROW (Satarday), at
12:30 o'clock p. st, to attend the funeral of oar
la:e brother, C. H. M. Curry. P. M. By order of
-■■■-.- JOHN VT REDE. Master Worscxaa.
- Fbitd B. Wood, Recorder. ■
CLIFFORD— In this cUt. An?nst 27. 1896. Lfrrl*.
wife of Thomas Clifford, and daughter of T.
Razzanti, aged 34 years am! 4 months.
COCHELL— In Oakland. An;ust 25. 1896. Absa-
lom, beloved father of Jon_,.T-, -tattle E. and
Esther A. Cocheli, a native of Pennsylvania,
ag?d 85 years 5 months and 18 days. - .
93" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fatly Invited to attend toe faoeral TO-MORKOW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from tae nnder-
taking parlors of James Taylor. Twelfth street,
; between Broadway and Washington. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. :
ENGLISH— In Tibcron. August 25. 1895, James
EnziUh, a native a.' Ireland, aged 63 rears.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the fnneral TU I3 DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock P. m_ from I. a O. P.
Hall, corner seventh and Marcet street}. Inter-
ment I. 0. O. F. Cemetery.
GaRP.IT In Oakland. Anrnst 25. John B. Gar-
rity, a native of \ San . Lnis Ob spo Coanty, CaL,
a-;ed 20 years 7 months and 25 days. ■ .
GIBBS— In this : city. August 27. 1396. Henry
\ Charles Archer Gibbs, a resident of Brooklyn.
N. V., formerly of Saginaw, Mich., a native of
. England, aged 63 years. ." -: :
HENCHION-In this city. Angus: 26, 1896. Mrs.
Aon Heachion, beloved sister of Thomas a-:1
Mary Caliaghan. a native of Parish Kilmichael,
Coaaiy Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years. . 'i
jo3~Frieadf and acquaintances are resneet-
fnay invited to attend tne finerat TO-MOBROW
(Saiorday), at B :3'J o'clock a. ic from her
late residence, 13^j Zoe street, tbence to St.
Rose's chnrch. Bran ,an street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. k. Inter-
ment Monnt Calvary Cemetery. ■ ..
aCURPHY— In this Angrrs: 27. IS I Ethel
M.. infant daughter of William H. and Jensie
Murphy, a nativa of San Fraa Cisco, age- 1
month and 6 dars-
-ay Fr ends aad acquaintances are respecc-
f»lir invttei to auead tne fnaeral THIS iii'
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. »t., from the resi-
dence ■of her . parents. 1312 Vi Mission street,
near Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURRAY— this city, Aognst 25, Winnitred D.
Murray, a native of San Francisco, aged i years
7 months and 23 days. . . -
MOORS— In Novato. Ca'.. Harold S.. sen of T.
B aad Annie Moors, a native of San Fracc.c-v
a?el 7 rears and 10 montas.
J_r lnterment private.
O*DEi-L— ln South San Francisco. August 78,
1896, Mary J. C. O^el!. a native or San Fran- '
cisco, aged 13 years 4 months ani 4 days. V. .
PITTO— In tbU dry, Aognst 2S. 1833. James
Pitto, beloved son of Catenaa Pltto aad the la:«
Gnsirppi A. Pitto, and brother of Domlnzo Pitto,
a native of San Francisco, axed 8 years a»4 9
month*. . " . >'-'■
- - sW Friends and - aeqoauitanees • are - r*sp*ct- -
■ fully invited so a'.ternl the fna»ral THIS >v t
(Friday), at 1 o'ciock P. *.. from the residence
of his - parents, . Ocean . road, near , Five- mile
Honse. Interment Italian CVmetery. .
EYAS- In this city. 'August 27. 1593. Faani»,
relict of the i tie Peter - A. Ryan, and mother of .
" Peter T.. Joseph A., Fannie and MoU:e Ryan,
a native of Ireland. „ -:, .
■■■M3~ Friend* ana : aoriuatntanee^ are r*sr>»c>
fully invited to attend the runeral TOMORROW
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. *.. from her late resi-
dence. 90-5 Villejo street, thence to St. Francis
Church, Vallejo street, where a solemn high re-
qaiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soaL commencing- at 9:30 o'ciock a. . at.
: Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ._
SAMPSON— In San Lorerua Ca!.. An«ru« ' 34.
1593. A -. ~»;Bp»on St.. native of Po:;n«aL
aged 69 years 9 months and -0 days. -
SOLOMON— In this ci'r. August 27, 1898. Dora,
wife of the la*e Nathan Soiomoa. and Beloved
mother ot > Charge* Solomon and .Mr*. ; Bosa
■ Le<zrnsky.'a native of Germany, aged 76 years.
■a'Frertd* are respectfully invited to attend
the fnneral serrlces THIS DAY (Friday), at
2 o'clock p. JC., »rom her- late residence. . b3B
Potter ; street. Interment HUis .of Eternity
Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock p. x. train from Third
and Townsend streets. Please omit flowers- ~::^
WANNER— In "this city. August 25, 1896, An-
thony Wanner, beloved husband of . Aarelie S.
Wanner, and father of Mrs. Martha Telis and
; Joiins Waune-. a native of France, aged 60
years 11 months and 8 days.
' '• 4S"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral* THIS OAIf ■••
(Friday), a: 9:45 o'clock a- ie from his late resi-
:- de nee, 4"-'sa Totneeath street, near Valencia,
where services will b* held. Interment Moan-
-: tain View Cemetery. , r . . "
WILKIN.-*— In this city, August 24. 1596, Ida
\ Bell. '■ beloved ■ daaghter of ■ Fred A. an 1 Kate .
- Wilkins. aged 31 years 4 months and 10 days. : -
WABBEX— In thli CUT. August 34. 18*?. Benia
• Browning Warren, only daughter of Dr. Elisa-
beth J. Coroet;. . : .' - ...
"WILLIS— In '-his city. Angus'! 28, John F. WOlls,
■ "- a native of Sew : York.- aged 75 rears. ; -;.
WcAVOr A. CAJ.LACHER, I
FCNRRAL DIRECTORS * EMBALM
20 FUTtb St., Opp.' Lincoln School.
■ ', ," Telephone 308 a -
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEM E-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; la no sense ex- '
ciasivfc; location . cnexcelled. : Odea 997 21_r_a»
turtti, scaLb«-3> coxser bt £-_Uk - ■ *
1516
GREAT VICTORY FOR THE LOCAL WHEELMEN
Bicycles to Go Free To and
Out of San Fran
cisco.
THE NEW ORDER TO BE
RECALLED.
Public Sentiment Too Strong to
, Bs Resisted by the
Railroad
TRAFFIC MANAGER STCTBB3'
VIEWS.
Sentiment Now Well Crystallized in
a General Movement to Make
Wheels Free Throughout
the State.
Victory has been won by the local
knights of the silent steed. Wheelmen's
present privileges on trains of" the
Southern Pacific Company are not to be
restricted on and after the Ist of Septem
ber, and wheels will continue to be carried
without charge to all points within a
radius of fifty miles from Ban Francisco
as heretofore. This, at least, will be the
case for some time to come, for Traffic
Manager J. C. Stubbs of the Southern
Pacific Company yesterday stated that the
order instructing agents to collect charges
on wheels transported from one station to
another on the lines of the company
would be rescinded before Tuesday next,
the day on which it was originally
ordained it should go into effect.
"We had no idea," said Mr. Stubbs,
•'that the order would create such a howl
and such widespread dissatisfaction among
the wheelmen. We only intended to do
what is already being done by every big
railroad throughout the country. Of
course Ido not intend to include in this
category the little Jim Crow railroads,
with which the big lines are not in
competition.
"We inaugurated this system about two
months ago in the southern part of the
State, and there was not even a murmur
of complaint from the people down there,
and we were, therefore, entirely unpre
pared for this outcry against what I still
consider a just and proper charge.
"We have been doing more for the
wheelmen of this State than any other of
the great roads in the United States. In
New York they carry wheels free, as bag
gage, owing to the Armstrong law, but in
Ohio, where a similar law was passed by
the Legislature, the roads are entirely
ignoring it, as they consider it to be un-
constitutional, and stand ready to test tbe
matter in the courts. In every other Btate
the railroads charge for the carriage of
wheels.
"At one of the recent meetings of the
Transcontinental Association this subject
came up. and it was decided unanimously
that all the roads belonging tc that asso
ciation should charge for bicycles. To
this we, of course, also agreed. But I
had a hard fight on my hands when it
was claimed that we were violating this
agreement by carrying wheels to and from
Los Angeles, Stockton, Sacramento and
San Francisco without charge. I con
tended that the association had no right
to interfere with our local business or dic
tate to us in regard to it.
"We were forced, however, to charge in
the southern part of the State, as we
were in competition there with another of
the Transcontinental Association roads
and could not very well do otherwise.
Finding that it worked so satisfactorily
there we thought it would not be opposed
by the wheelmen in this territory close to
San Francisco.
"Why, if the wheelmen would only look
at it in the right way I am sure they
would net oppose our charging these
small fees. As the matter now stands
they pay nothing to the company for
the transportation of wheels, and if a bi
cycle be injured in transit it is doubtful
if any claim would hold against the com
pany, but where the owner pays us for the
carriage of his machine he would have a
certain legal standing.
"I am willing to leave it to any fair
minded and honest wheelman whether
the company would not be justified in
making tbe charges proposed. I would
NEW to-day:
I Full I
% Ginger ji
*§&&/ Jamaica Ginger \/
qpr/ is made of pure gin-
ger.. No adulterants NJ^
II — no brandy. Nothing Yy
II but ginger in solution. An Vi
/infallible corrective for stom-
a ch troubles and similar com-
plaints. A natural stimulant
■ for the system and nerves.
I Be sure and get the genuine
\ ~G±*p- II
Vy. FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia. II
simply ask him to go on one of the train
patronized by wheelmen and see how the
baggage-car is monopolized by a few
wheels and how a train is often delayed by
either loading or unloading a large num
ber of them.
"Now, so far as our revenue is con
cerned, it is not true that a large per
centageof those who ride into the country
on wheels return on trains, though I am
willing to admit that there are a con
siderable number who do so.
"I do not think all this agitation that
has been and is going on is at all justified,
but believe that it is simply due to the
way the matter has been handled by tne
newspapers. There appears, however, to
be a general feeling against these charges
among all who ride a bicycle, and we
shall, therefore, rescind the order tem
porarily at least."
i When the news was conveyed to Judge
Frank H. Kerriean, chief consul of the
North California Division of the League
of American Wheelmen, he expressed
deep gratification over this early and de
cided victory in the cause of wheeling.
"This is one of the greatest and most
decided triumphs achieved by the frater
nity of bicycle riders anywhere in the
United States," he remarked. "It is un
doubtedly due to the prompt and per
sistent manner in which The Call and
the organized wheelmen took up the gage
of battle against the railroad.
"While this victory on its face may not
appear to be a matter of great moment, as
it involves but a small pecuniary charge,
I consider it one of the most important
signs of the times that has developed for
many a day. It has demonstrated in a
most striking manner what a power the
wheelmen are in the land, and indicates
what can be accomplished by united and
systematic action.
"I am afraid, however, that this conces
sion has been made too late by the South
ern Pacific to effect the real object sought
to be accomplished. The company can
easily afford to give this sop of free bi
cycle transportation between San Fran
cisco and points within a radius of fifty
miles of this City, but they have evoked a
Frankenstein in this movement, which,
like the fabled automaton, cannot now be
stopped.
"We have been aroused, have come to a
realization of our strength, and we shall
use it in the cause of the people gener
ally, and of wheeimen in particular.
While this is a glorious victory for the
local wheelmen, there are thousands and
thousands of riders in the State who are
yet suffering from this same form of im
position, and our efforts shall not be al
lowed to flag until they have been freed
from it.
"The sentiment aroused by this latest
proposed exaction of the Southern Pacific
has been a surprise even to the wheelmen
themselves, and has crystalized into a
movement to have a bill passed by the
next Legislature which shall declare bi
cycles to be baggage, and thus provide for
their free transportation everywhere in
the State.
"Preliminary meetings have already been
held with this object in view, and others
are being arranged for, not only in this
City, but in every city in the State in
which the sport is indulged in to any
extent. Wheelmen have seen that under
the present condition of things they are
at the mercy of Huntington, and tbe
existing feeling will be utilized to secure
the passage of such a bill as I have men
tioned.
"I have no doubt that the Southern
Pacific people now fully realize the mistake
they have made, and the danger that has
arisen of legislation directed against this
charge everywhere in the State. They
have, therefore, made this concession In
the hope — a vain one, I am certain — that
the deep and general feeling it created will
die away as suddenly as it come to the
surface.
"But the die has been cast. The Southern
Pacific was over confident, unconsciously
and unintentionally, it is true, and we
shall carry on the campaign to a victory
that will benefit the entire State— at least
those portions wherein the wheels doth
mostly rolL"
LADY CYCLISTS INDIGNANT
Alpha Club Members Speak Out
Against the Southern
Pacific.
The lady cyclists of the City have taken
the field agamßt the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company and what they call the "im
position and outrage" of the charges for
the transportation of bicycles. This sen
timent among the larger number of female
riders has been expressed by members of
the Alpha Cycle Club, which is the lead
ing organization ol lady riders. Every
member of the Alpha Club wears bloom
ers, and this fall may have in store the
novelty of bloomers taking a quiet but
powerful part in politics.
The Alpha Club had a meeting Wednes
day night at their new rooms at Folsom
and Twenty-first streets. The club tas
thirty active members, and every mem
ber of course nas a sweetheart and a num
ber of gentlemen friends, who may or may
not be wheelmen, whom she will endeavor
to persuade to vote against anybody and
everybody this fall who is a candidate for
the Senate or the Assembly w&o is not in
favor of the passage of a bill denominating
bicycles as baggage and requiring their
transportation free of charge.
Tne interest that the ladies are taking
in the fight has as many ramifications as
there are spokes in a wheel. The father,
brother or escort becomes interested,
whether riders or not, the moment the
charge is imposed. But the objection to
it is not so much on account of the 25
cents or 10 cents that must be paid, as it
is against what is characterized as the
"mean and narrow" policy of the com
pany in putting on all the traffic will bear.
Some of the girls say that they will not
ride at all, or will confine their cycling to
Golden Gate Park before they will pay the
Southern Pacific Company for carrying
their wheels. Thus the Irfdy cyclists as
well as tne woman suffragists are in
terested in the campaign this fall.
Miss Moilie Mahoney, stenographer for
the Hall Safe and Lock Company, is the
handsome captain of the Alpha Club.
"Yes," she modestly stated, "we all wear
bloomers."
"What do you think of the charge for
the transportation of bicycles to be made
by the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, beginning September 1?" she was
asked.
"What do I think of it? Why, I think
it is an outrage and an imposition," she
exclaimed. "We discussed the matter at
the club last night and we all thought so.
Perhaps some resolutions may be offered,
but I do not know that we shall go that
far.
"We will remain at home altogether,"
she continued, "before we will pay this
cuaree. I rode on the train from Santa Cruz
to the Big Trees a few weeks ago and was
surprised to be charged for my wheel. I
had no other baggage. I do not think that
is fair. My wheel was all the baggage I
had and they charged me for it, when lam
entitled to at least 100 pounds of baggage
free. If we do not want to stay at
home or ride in the park entirely, we
can ride up into Marin County or over to
Tiburon and San Rafael, as I understand
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896.
the railroad over there will not charge us
for our wheels. Why," declared Miss
Mahoney with emphasis, "we will ride
around the bay and via San Jose to get to
Oakland before we will pay for our wheels.
The company will make more money car
rying wheels as baggage than it will to
charge for them. The result will be that
we will take shorter rides and ride both
ways, instead, for instance, of making a
long run to San Jose and coming back on
the train. It is not the 25 cents or the 10
cents that we care for. We thinit it is un
fair and an imposition."
Mrs. H. F. Wynne, who resides on Fol
som street, near Twenty-second, is a
prominent member of the Alpha Club.
"The girls are all opposed to the charge
and so am I," she said. "They spoke
about it at the meeting last night. Our
regular meeting is on Wednesday even
ing of each week. Though most of the
lady riders in the City do not take long
trips I think they will all be opposed to
the charge made by the railroad company
when they come to understand it. Of
course the company has the best of us.
The most we can do is to protest against
it and try and raise sufficient influence to
commit candidates for the Legislature to
the passage of a bill compelling the rail
roads to carry bicycles free as baggage. I
do not think the lady riders of our club
will get out in their bloomers and take an
active part in the campaign. I think we
will be more retiring, but I hope that we
shall have some influence, however.
"Instead of coming back on the train
from San Jose, as we have been doing,"
she continued, "we can run down to Al
viso and return on the boat. The fare by
train is $1 25 and by boat only 50 cents.
The only difference is that it takes the
boat till 11 :30 to get here, but where there
is a pleasant party one won't mind the
extra time. When there are races on the
other side of the- bay of course we will
have to pay."
Miss Minnie Rousseau of 2616 Folsom
street, another menvber of the Alphas,
said: "It's real mean in the Southern
Pacific to charge us tor our wheels when
we are entitled to 100 pounds of baggage
free. I ride mostly in the park, and I
shall ride more there after this. It is out
rageous to charge us for our wheels on the
ferry. We won t pay it when we oan go
to Tiburon and out into the country that
way. We jannot vote," she said, "but we
have our friends who can."
Miss Emma Heringer, one of the leading
cyclists of the Alpha Club, expressed in
dignation at the action of the Southern
Pacific. "The railroad will lose more than
it will make by this action," she said.
"We .wont patronize the road at all.
'There are others.' We can go to San
Rafael and return by the North Pacific
Coast Railroad, which will carry our
wheels as baggage. We will go to San
Jose first in order to get to Oakland before
we will pay for our wheels. And won't
you kindly say that the Alphas are going
to give a drince soon to raise iunds to fit
up our new clubrooms?" she concluded.
SACRAMENTO IN LINE.
Ready to Enter the Fight for the
Passage, of a Bicycle
BUI.
SACRAMENTO, CaI., Aug. 27.— The feel
ing aroused among the lovers of the wheel
throughout this city and surrounding
country by the action of the railroad com
pany in rescinding the concession granted
to bicyclists of this city, of free carriage of
wheels on trains, is daily growing and
wheelmen are United in declaring this ac
tion on the part of the company to be ar
bitrary and uncalled for.
The opinion expressed by Captain Read
man of the Capital City Wheelmen's Club
portrays the feeling of the entire wheeling
fraternity of this city, as he is looked upon
as an authority in everything pertaining
to the wheel and commands the respect
and esteem of all the members of his club.
In speaking of the matter he said :
"I cannot understand why the railroad
company discriminates between wheel
men and other classes of travelers. Under
the present passenger laws every passen
ger is entitled to 100 pounds ot baggage
free, and as soon as he has demonstrated
to the baggage agents by ocuia: proof that
he has purchased a ticket they imme
diately check his trunk or grip to nis given
destination without further charge; but
when the wheelman presenis his ticket
and demands a check for his twenty-five
pound wheel he is told that he must give
up an extra quarter of a dollar or his
wheel don't go. That is wnat all of the
members of my dub don't like, and it is
what they will not put up with.
"I am fully assured that in so far as
the wheelmen of Sacramento are con
cerned, the railroad company will be losers
by their proposition, because in the future
we will not patronize the railroad when
by any possibility our destination can De
reached by wheel."
A. L. Wulff, formerly of Stockton and
one of the oldest "young' riders of the
State, a former racing man and the holder
of thirteen medals for cycling events fully
upheld Captain Readinan in his state
ments, and, while he deemed the com
pany's action inadvisable and tending to
reduce passenger revenues and breed ill
feeling between the railroad and wheel
men and such of its patrons as sympathized
with the wheelmen, he thought that the
company had the power to take the action
which it had. "I am for the wheelmen
and of the wheelmen, but what redress
have we?" he said.
"The company has declared that wheels
must be paid for, and I can see nothing to
do but pay. All the grumbling in the
world on our part will not probabiy affect
the resolution of the company."
Scott Ennis, president of the Capital
City Wheelmen Ciub, when interviewed
by a Call representative, said:
"In all my experience in ciub circles I
have never encountered anything which
has given such widespread dissatisfaction
as has this fiat of the railroad company
that wheelmen must pay extra for the
transportation of their wheels. In speaic
ing in this way I do not wish to be under
stood as inferring that wheelmen are at all
THE CHOYNSKI-McAULIFFE CONTEST,
To-night the two Joes— Choynski, the "Chrysanthemum." and McAuliffe, the "Mission Giant"— will do battle (eight rounds)
for a decision and a division of the gate receipts under the auspices of the new Occidental Athletic Club at Woodward's Pavilion.
Both men are in perfect condition, as evidenced by the examination of Dr. Barrett, City Autopsy Sureeon. That the audience
witnessing the contest will be cosmopolitan is shown by an order of the local Chinese Consul for ten tickets. Woodward' 3 Pa
vilion, in which the fight will occur, has been leased and fitted up in excellent style by the new Occidental CluS, and is now
claimed to be the most commodious fistic arena in the world.
mercenary, for on the contrary a miserly
wheelman who regrets any amount of
money spent in sport, let alone the small
sum of a quarter, is a rare exception. No,
it is not the money consideration as much
as it is that we are* singled out as a class to
have a special tax placed upon us when
ever we may desire to use the railroad in
stead of our favorite mode of locomotion.
Every traveler is entitled to 100 pounds of
baggage except a wheelman, and he is
made to pay 25 cents for his twenty-five
pounds of baggage. I do not consider a
wheel as bulky, because twenty-five
wheels can be packed in the breadth of
one car, and they do not begin to occupy
the space the same numßer of trunks
would".
"I am informed that in some Eastern
States, hooks are placed in the roofs ox cars
and bicycles are hung up out of the way,
when there is such a large amount of
baggage in the car that they cannot find
floor room.
"Speaking for the members of my club,
I will say we will certainly be ready and
willing to join in any concerted movement
which may be placed on foot to regain us
our rights, as we consider them. Our club
was the first one in Northern California to
gain from the railroad company the con
cession of having our wheels transported
as baggage for a distance of seventy-five
miles in all directions from this City, and
we will stand shoulder to shoulder with
our brother wheelmen throughout the
State in having this concession restored
to all.
"1 believe the matter could be brought
to the attention of the Railroad Commis
sioners, and I believe that they are em
powered to rescind the action of the rail
road company. If not, we shall certainly
bring the matter to the attention of the
coming Legislature and endeavor to regain
our rights through the action ot that
body."
STOCKTON AROUSED.
Will Bring About a Great Mass-
Meeting on Admission Day of
Representative Cyclers.
BTOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 27.— For some
time past the members of the local bicycle
clubs have ceen discussing the propriety
of taking some concerted action with refer
ence to the stand taken by tbe Southern
Pacific Company about'eharging for carry
ing bicycles. There are three very strong
bicycle clubs here— the Bicycle Annex of
the Stockton Athletic Association, the
Stockton Road Club and the Terminal
City Wheelmen.
Arthur H. Wright, formerly captain of
the wheeling annex of the athletic club,
said to-day:
"We have been talking over the matter
for some time of entering a protest against
the action of the railway company, but
decided to wait until the leading wheel
men of the State were here to take part in
the great meet on Admission day. Then
we will have all the crack riders of the
State here and will tind out what is best
to do. The Stockton wheelmen will be
governed by what the others do."
Wright is one of the committee of Native
Sons that has charge of the State meet to
be held here en the 9th of September. He
is also the representative of one of the
leading bicycle firms in the country, and
will use his best efforts to get a meeting of
all the wheelmen who attend the big meet,
for the purpose of having them unite on
some sort of a protest against the action
of the railway company.
Nearly all the crack riders in California
will be here on Admission day to take part
in the races or to witness them. This will
be a good occasion for calling a mass
meeting to protest against paying trans
portation charges on wheels, and the local
cyclers will not be blow to take advantage
of it.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sacra
memo always work in conjunction with
the Stockton cycler«, and they will also
urge that some decided action be taken by
the wheelmen who are nere on Admission
day.
SAN DIEGO EAGER TO FIGHT
Official Action to Be Taken In the
South for Free Bicycles.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aub. 27.— Chief Con
sul C. C. Monaeban of Santa Ana, the
head of the Southern California Division
League of American Wheelmen, is in the
city interviewing prominent wheelmen
and members of the league as the course
to be taken by the division regarding a
contest against railroads which charge for
carrying bicycles. The matter has reached
an interesting stage and from present in
dications all the wheelmen of the State
will combine together with their brethren
in the East to contest the right of rail
roads to charge for wheels when they are
offered as baggage.
Mr. Monagnan has interviewed a num
ber of members of the league and they are
all in favor of uniting to make a contest.
"We have had to make this fight all
alone," said Mr. Monaghan yesterday,
"and it looked as if our brethren around
Ban Francisco would not join us. They
displayed no interest in the matter until
the railroads up that way put on a charge
and then they awoke in a hurry. Now we
are satisfied that we ehall have strong sup
port in the north. This means that there
is every prospect of success."
The plan of tne wheelmen, as nearly as
can be learned, is to have a bill intro
duced in the next Legislature similar in
terms to the Armstrong bill of New Yorlc
State prohibiting railroads from charging
extra rates for bicycles and compelling
them to accept them as baggage.
The league in this State is in a position
to maintain a powerful lobby at Sacra
mento, and, as wheelmen Dy uniting in
the past have demonstrated themselves a
powerful force, it is likely that the rail
roads will find an irresistible influence
against them. There are 400 members of
the League of American Wheelmen in the
southern division of the State, and a great
many more in the north.
The San Diego Wheelmen, a club num
bering over 200 members, will also enter
the fi^ht, besides the San Diego Road Club
with fifty members.
A meeting of the league members and
the San Diego Wheelmen has been ar
ranged for next week, at which steps will
be taken to get into line with the Ameri
can League on a proposition to carry the
proposed bill through the Legislature.
The matter may become a National ques
tion, and certainly it will be a prominent
one at Sacramento next winter.
ANGRY SANTA CLARANS.
Ripe for Concerted Action Asralnst
the Action of tho Southern
f»aclfc.
SAN JOSS, Cal., Aug. 27.— The cyclists
of Santa Clara County are up in arms at
the action of the Southern Pacific Com
pany for ordering a charge of 25 cents for
carrying bicycles between here and San
Francisco after September 1, and denounce
tne greed of tbat corporation in vigorous
terms. Some even go so far as to hint that
a boycott against the Southern Pacific by
all cyclists of the county would be the
proper thing. The Assessor's roll shows
that there are over 2000 bicycles in the
county, but it is believed there are twice
that number, and these 4000 men, women
and children are as one in denouncing the
railroad company and demanding that the
charge be abolished. Back of these are
the business men and merchants of San
Jose and surrounding towns, who see in
the charge a loss cf many thousands of
dollars each summer. During the sum
mer months several hundred cyclists from
San Francisco and Oakland ride to this
city- every Sunday and return to
their homes by train. These visitors
spend a great deal of money and
aid business materially in many re
spects. With the charge for carrying
wheels that the Southern Pacific intends
to inaugurate on the first of the month,
the numbers of visiting bicyclists will di
minish. Instead of taking spins of fifty
and sixty miles the wheelmen will do
their Sunday riding in the vicinity of
their homes and thus avoid being taxed
by the railroad company.
The Garden City Cyclers denounce the
charge as outrageous, and at the regular
meeting to be held Monday evening reso
lutions denouncing the action of the rail
road company will be passed and action
taken looking to some sort of iellef.
There seems to be a desire on the part of
the Cyclers to wait until some action is
takea by the San Francisco wheelmen and
then to unite with them.
Secretary Deseraone of the Cyclers says
the charge made by the Southern Pacific
will do much to stop club runs, and not
only injure the busiuess of the city but
hurt themselves financially. He estimates
that 250 cyclists ride to this city on Sun
days and return to ttieir homes by rail.
The Cyclers have a membership of 250 and
there are about 1500 voterß among the
wheelmen of the county. These, he says,
will support only legislative candidates
in the coming campaign who are opposed
to the Southern Pacific. Captain W.
O'Brien alsol expresses the same opinion.
"Bunt" Smith, Bugler Whiting, Al
George, Emile Lion and the rest of the
"push" of the Cyclers have openly de
clared a boycott against the railroads, and
declare that under no condition will they
patronize Huntington's lines.
CHINESE ARE LEAVING,
Some Interesting Figures Given
By the Consul-Gen
eral.
San Francisco's Celestial Population
Decreasing Thousands a
Year.
Fung Yung Hing, the Chinese Consul-
General, cleared up all doubts as to the
present proportions of the Chinese popu
lation of San Francisco and its rate of de
crease during the visit of the Board of
Health to the consulate on Wednesday
evening last. The figures are interesting
from the fact that while it was suspected
that Chinatown was becoming depopu
lated the actual rate of decrease was not
known.
The Board called on the Consul to talk
over with him the matter of cleansing
Chinatown and to ask his active co
operation and assistance in accomplishing
this end. He was asked regarding the
number of occupants of the underground
dens of the quarter, and whether tbese
would vacate peaceably if ordered to do
so. He replied that there are far fewer
Chinese living in the cellars than in former
years, and that eventually none will re
main, as the large number of buildings
now vacant in the quarter allow ample
room above ground for all who desire to
live there.
He stated further that from the beat in
formation obtainable at the consulate,
and certainly as accurate as can he had,
there are not more than 12,000 sub
jects of the Chinese Emperor now living
in San Francisco, and -these are leaving at
the rate of 3000 to 4000 per year. The pro
portion ot tuose who return to those who
depart is very small.
The Consul-General expressed satisfac
tion at the work done by the board, saying
that tbe improved sanitary condition of
the quarter could only result in good for
the Chinese as well as the white pop
ulation. In addition to expressing his
approval verball;; he had caused to be
posted all through Chinatown notices to
the effect that the orders of the Health
Board must be obeyed.
.^^^^^ ■- ■ . NEW TO-DAT-DBT GOODS.
ACLOIPUT SALE
/ ' OF — —
EXTRAORDINARY MAGNITUDE!
$3007dOO^WORTH
— — — OF _ _:
DRY GOODS AND CLOAKS
TO BE SACRIFICED!
A FEW OF^O-MY'S ASTOXISHMG REDUCTIONS.
FANCY AND SHADED RIBBONS !i
FANCY- AND SHADED RIBBONS, sScS^SeT worth 30c, wUI be closed out -at
FANCY AND SHADED RIBBONS, 3 inches wide, worth 30c, will be closed out at
15c a yard.
LADIES' FANCY CAPES
-A-t 53.30.
LADIES' FANCY CAPES, yokes made of velvet, plain or fancy silk, with flounce of
Jace and fancy colored silk, beaded with jet, worth $10, will be closed out at $3 50
each.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
Ajt 18 Cents.
47 pieces 37-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH DRESS GOODS, in mixed and hair-
line stripes, reduced from 50c to 15c a yard.
A-t BO Cents. - : . v > \t
32 pieces 62- INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL SERGE, reduced from
$1 to 50c a yard. , ;
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 25 Cents.
75 pieces 37- INCH EXTRA FINE FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACA, former price 60c,
■ i.- will be closed out at 25c a yard.
- At SO Cents.
35 pieces 44-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, extra heary, former price
75c, will be closed out at 50c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT !
' ' At 4O Cental a Yard.
750 yards PLAID TAFFETA SILK, former price $1, will be closed out at 40c a yard.
A.t 65 Cents a, "Va,sr<sLm
600 yards ALL-SILK BLACK DUCHEBSE SATIN, former price fl, will be closed out
at 65c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
-£Lt SO Cents*.
300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black, regular value $1, will be doted out at
50c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
300 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered backs,
colors navy, red, brown, tan and mode, also black, regular value 1125, will be
closed out at 75c a pair.
■ j At 7S Cents.
200 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white and black, handsomely embroidered on
back in black and colored stitchings, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at 750
a pair. , . t ■ . :
.At SI.OO.
150 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES, large buttons to match gloves, colora
- tans, browns and red, regular value $1 50, will be closed out at $1 a pair.
4 SPECIALS— UNDERWEAR— 4 SPECIALS
' . ■'■■■■ At 7K Cents.
110 dozen LARGE-SIZE LINEN ■ CAMBRIC COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted fast colors, regular price $2 a dozen, sale price
7J^c each. • r .
- . ■'. ":.■.' ' .' At 1O Cents.
56 dozen REVERSIBLE AND GRADUATED ALL-SILK FOUR-IN-HAND TIES,
in light,' medium and dark colors, regular price 25c, sale price 10c each.
At IS Cents.
95 dozen FAST-COLOR MEDIUM-WEIGHT OXFORD PRINT MADRAS AND
CHEVIOT WAISTS, made with three box-pleats in front, two on back, nickel-
plated buttons on waistband, regular price 35c, sale price 15c each.
.At 35 - Cents.
150 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' LATEST BTYLE CUSTOM MADE UNLAUNDERED
SHIRTS, with fast-colored bosom and detachable cuffs to match, sizes 12)£ to 16,
regular price 90c, sale price 35c each. -
/ff/MHt&S MURPHY BUILDING* /
(/(/ lariat Street, comer tim, /
&AJST T^ELAJNTOZfICO.
PRIZES FOR MARKSMEN,
California Schu°tzen Club Holds
Its Distribution and
Social.
Many Beautiful and Costly Trophies
Presented to the Successful
Sharpshooters
There was a large gathering in Eintracht
Hall on Twelfth street last evening, the
occasion being the distribution of prizes
won at the California Schuetzen Club's
annual shooting festival, which was held
on the San Rafael rifle range on the 16th
and 23d insts. There were in all about
190 prizes distributed aside from the cash
prizes offered by the club. In the absence
of the president last evening Philo Jacoby
delivered the address of welcome and
tbanked the marksmen for their attend
ance at the festival, which was such a
success. He also extended the thanks of
the club to those who had donated the
many pretty, useful and valuable prizes.
The first called to the platform was
Louis Bendel, wtio was crowned with a
wreath of laurel, presented with the
diamond medal, and proclaimed to be the
Shooting King. This honor te won on
2^B points on the king target. D. B.
Faktor, F. P. Schuster, Fred Kuhnle, A.
Strecker and D. W. McLaughlin were also
crowned with laurel wreaths, presented
with medals and diplomas, and pro
claimed to be master prize-sbooters.
Louis Bendel and A- Baum^artner
divided the first prize ou seventy-seven
rings, made in tour shots on the ring tar
get. The beautiful champion silver gob
let, presented by A. L. Ott, fell to John
Utscnig for the best scores on all the
targets.
Then followed the distribution of prizes
won on the honorary targets. The first
was a beautiful silver set, which was won
by William Glindemann. Dr. L. O.
Rodgers took the second, a fine Winches
ter target-rifle. A. H. Pape was third,
and about ninety others followed, each
selecting the article of his choice.
In tbe meantime the members of the
Ladies' Schuetzen Club were distributing
the prizes contested for and won on- the
same occasion. Miss Tessib McLaughlin
was the first called to the front.
She made the exceptionally fine score of
71 out of 75 rings, and took the first prize.
To Miss McLaughlin rifle shooting comes
natural. It runs in the family. Miss
Lizzie Utschig is another to whom the use
of the rifle is a natural and not an ac
quired accomplishment. S c took second
prize on 68. Mrs. Fred tichuemann tied
Miss Utschig on points and won the third
prize. The fourth was carried away by
Mis 3D. W. McLaughlin on 67. Mrs. A.
Strecker with 65 won the fifth prize.
A dozen other lady sharpshooters who
made good scores also received pretty
and useful prizes.
While the distribution was in progress
the large assemblage were entertained by
dancing. At the conclusion of the
pleasant affair the band followed by a
large number of members of the club went
across tbe street and seranaded Albert
Ehrenpfort, one of the members who has
just returned from the southern part of
the State, where he has been making a
tour with his bride.
MADE A GREAT RECORD.
Frank Farnell, M. P., and His Busy
Political Career at the Antipodes.
Hon. Prank Farnell, for ten years past
member of the New South Wales Parlia
ment, arrived here on the Alameda yester
day. He came principally to rest after an
arduous political experience, bnt will
gather political information which h«
deems of value to his constituency.
One of the things which will engage his
attention in Californis is the fruit in
terests, as fruits of the tind grown here
are now being planted extensively in New
South Wales.
From here he will go to Washington,
where he will call on President Cleveland
and other officials of the Government.
Mr. Farnell entered Parliament when
but 23 years of age, and has made very
rapid advancement. He is the son of ex-
Premier Farnell of New South Wales, and
prior to his father's election as Premier
sat with him in Parliament.
Mr. Farnell the younger, in addition to
being a member of Parliament, is also a
member of the Parliamentary Committee
on Public Works and has been connected
with three Governments. He was whip,
deputy chairman of committees, a posi
tion next to Speaker, and president of the
Royal Commission on Fisheries. He is
now Commissioner of the Fisheries, vice
president of the Royal Agricultural Soci
ety and of the Horticultural Society and
is also vice-president of the Hunt Club.
He says that in New South Wales there
is no tariff except a slight one on liquors
and novelties. Almost absolute free trade
prevails. He thinks his country one of
enormous resources.
Mr. Farnell is one of the ablest men in
Australian politics. He is studying the
political situation here with interest.
«■ — ♦ — •
One million will read "Mechanics* Fair
aily." Advertise now. Mysell Rollins.22 Clay. •
• — ♦ ♦ ■
Brazil is utterly unsuited to emigrants,
and the authorities are still warning peo
ple against going there.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
r Tk« f»e- r/T^; y / ffs, m s7*^ s**