VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 96.
PALMER AT
THE HEAD
Sound - Money Democrats
Name the Illinois
Senator.
TO RUN ON THE THIRD
TICKET.
Ex - Governor Buckner of Ken
tucky Nominated for the
Vice-Presidency.
fiRECKINRIDGE LASHES THE
SILVEK WING.
Says the Convention Does Not Expect
Its Nominees to Be Elected
in November.
INDIANAPOLIB, Ikd., Sept. 3.— The
second ana final day's session of the Na
tional Democratic party was conducted
with the same business celerity that
marked the opening proceedings. It closed
up all its business in less than five hours.
Then it adjourned sine die.
The nominees were: Senator John Mc-
Auiey Palmer of Illinois for President,
ei-Goveruor Simon Bolivar Buckner of
Kentucky for Vice- President.
Both candidates were born in Kentucky.
One wore the blue, the other the gray,
and Louisville was designated as the
place of notification for both candidates,
September 12 being the date assigned.
Before adjournment the convention took
the precaution of clothing its executive
committee with full power to take all steps
to secure recognition for the ticket in
States where the Australian ballot law or
other legislation might interpose obstacles
to the recognition of the two Democratic
tickets, each claiming to be regular. This
d.fnulty is anticipated in Ohio and other
States in the accepted battle-ground of the
Middle West.
DONE IN CONVENTION.
An Eloquent Address by Breckin
ridge Precedes the Nomination
of Palmer and Buckner.
CONVENTION HALL, INDIANAP
OLIS, Ind., Sept. 3.— The delegates were
tardy in getting to the convention hall tbis
morning, but when they began coming the
arrival of each State delegation was indi
cated by the musicians, who played the
air? most appropriate to the location
— "Yankee Doodle" for a New England
State, "Maryland, My Maryland" for a
delegation from that State, etc
When Governor Buckner of Kentucky
entered the hall be was greeted with
cheers. Then Mr. Breckinridge of Ken
tucky came in with his delegation, and
"Hurrah for Breckinridge!" was shouted
from scores of throats. Tne shouts for
Breckinridge were Kept up from the gal
leries, as if it were expected that he would
deliver the speech which he failed to make
at the mass-meeting last night. He took
no notice of the shouts, but engaged in
conversation with Governor Buckner, who
aat by his side.
At 11:40 o'clock Senator Cafferjr of
Louisiana, as chairman of the convention,
rose and stated that the opening of the
convention was delayed for a few moments
to ascertain whether or not the committee
on resolutions was ready to report.
This was the signal for a renewal of the
shouts for BreckinridL'e, which finally be
came overwhelming, though a few his-es
were heard intermingled with them. Mr.
Breckinridge advanced to the platform,
and was received with great cheering. He
delivered a speech of great power and elo
quence, which was listened to with pro
found silence and attention except when
broken in upon by bursts of applause, lie
said:
Mr. Chairman and my countrymen from
every section of this imperial Republic: I
congratulate you on this convention. We are
passing through a crucial period. In the
eloquent speeches made last night reference
was made by the orator from New Jersey (Mr.
Lewis) concerning the action of the present
President of the United States at the Chicago
strike, when (under the pathetic struggle of
the unemployed laborers) there was a great
development of revolution. The late war
showed that we had the most warllk-e
machinery of government that the world had
ever seen. Out of that four years of war
emerged the most warlike Nation. During the
reconstruction period many things happened
O3 which we may be ashamed. But out oi it
came a united Repub.ic with, all its institu
tions unimpaired, and with a prospect before
us as boundless as the horizon of human hope.
But there can.*; another strain. Nearly
thirty years passed away with this machinery
of government (so powerful in time of war)
able in time ot peace to Dreserve public order
and compel obedience to the law. Could this
:nr Government, so complex in its forms,
witnout marii.il law, without the despot on
horseback riding to the front, compel obe
dience to the law. secure the preservation of
public order and demonstrate to the world
that of all governments thai of liberty ia In
deed the strongest? That was done and in
such a way tliut every philosophic thinker
now knows that tins Government Is in war
the most warlike, in peace the most powerful,
that tiie world has ever seen. [Cneers.] Now
we come to the crucial test of universal suf
frage. Are the people fit to be trusted with
the universal suffrage of sovereignty? And
we are here to-day in the. name of the true
Democracy, the conservative radical Democ
racy, which constructs and never destroys, to
say that the problem is solved. [Cheers.]
The American people have left the thin
fringe oi the Atlantic Ocean and in less than
130 years have gone to the Pacific Coast. We
are colonists, not adventurers. As Milton
said, we are the ''builders of empires." We
have built on foundations that we believe to
be as absolutely stable as the granite rocks on
which God has placed the great ranges of
mountains. And hus it come that in the end
of the nineteenth century we are to redi^cuss
all the problems of the last twenty-five cen
turies? Are we to have agrnrlanism and
rapine and the vagaries of Ricnzi over again?
Aie all the mad ideas of Jack Cade to be again
presented for disputation and decision at the
bar of public opinion?
The convention at Chicago, tne convention
The San Francisco Call
Hon. John McAuley Palmer, of Illinois. Hon. Simon Bolivar Buckner, of Kentucky.
NOMINATED BY SOUND - MONEY DEMOCRATS FOR PRESIDENT AND VICE-PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES.
at St. Louis, like two unequal parts of one
story, of which the introduction is that at
Chicago and the conclusion is that at St.
Louis, is a story of destruction and dissatis
faction.
It is the evangel of hatred and of discord; It
is an appeal to every dissatisfied citizen, and
He who stands upon these two platforms (Mr.
Bryan) honestly standing upon one and dodg
ing the admission that he stands upon the
o>her has been presenting dishonesty and dis
cord. Is it true that here in America there are
divisions of classes and masses? Are we not
all American citizens and equal before the
law? Ie it true iliat we have broken up into
classes and that we have to wipe out tnat class
legislation? Is it not true that every boy in
America has an equal chance with every other
one in life if he is frugal, honest and wise?
[Cheers.] The Democratic party has always
preached the gospel of fraternity, wherever
there is a free man there is a Democratic
party.
Proceeding to a discussion of the Chi
cago platform, Mr. Breckinridge said:
I denounce it because it is the result of uni
versal dishonesty and discord. It is destruct
ive in every part of It. We have an executive.
It condemns him for being an executive. We
have laws to be applied. It condemns the
officers of the law because they applied it. We
have a judiciary, and because it is indepond
ent, even if it be wrong — and I for one, im
modest as it may seem, put my poor name as a
lawyer against one of its latest decisions on
one great question— because they disagree
with that decision they determine that that
great tribunal shall be subservient to party
caucus, and be corrupted to be the tool of
party wishes. [Cheers.]
Mr. Breckinridge went on to speak of
the feeling of reverence with which the
judiciary was regarded in the South,
which could hardly be sufficiently appre
ciated by Northern States, who had never
known what it was to live subject to the
will of one silent commander. V\ eof the
South, he said, put our trust and hope in
an upright judiciary. With you it is a
sentiment. With us it is a living prin
ciple, burnt into our hearts by the dis
asters of the past, and, standing in the
midst of a renewed Democracy in the
name of the entire South, I plead that tne
last refuge of an oppressed minority, an
upright judiciary, be left untouched by
the polluting hand of partisan corruption.
[Louct cheers.]
It in destructive in its assaults upon our
monetary system. It is not that It is .or free
silver. If free silver would make silver go up
to a par with gold the leaders of that move
ment wou.d be the most disappointed lot of
men possible. [Cheers and laughter.] I do
not question any single man's honesty of pur
pose, but the power behind free silver is tne
power for more money and cheaper monev —
irredeemable money. [Cheers.]
Stating that he did not intend to dis
cuss the money question at this time Mr.
BrecKinrLlge proceeded:
If it were possible that to-day a messenger of
one of these great lightning corporations
which sends the news of the world could
bring in this batch of news from an abso
lutely certain source that on to-morrow the
silver question would be considered settled,
that there would be no dispute over pay
ments, that the American people stood deter
mined with absolute certainty to enter upon
no devious or doubtful ways, what would oc
cur? Your industrial enterprises would be
renewed, your wheels of industry would begin
to revolve, your hankers would put out
money, labor would be employed and labor
would be remunerated and all would unite in
choloral tribute!) to that power which had re
stored to the merican people the reviving in
fluence of common honesty. [Applause.]
Elaborating this idea by drawing a glow
ing picture of restored prosperity, Mr.
Breckinridge continued:
This is what we are here for to-day. It is
sometimes said we are here to elect McKinley.
Our free silver friends took that job out of our
hands. [Laughter.] We elected a Democratic
President on the two great Democratic
economical principles of free trade and sound
money in 1892. Our free bilver friends at
once attempted to destroy the Democratic
party. I saw it stated the other day that they
had the scalps of their enemies hanging at
their belts. They are mistaken. They have
the scalps of their friends. [Renewed laughter
and cheers.] They disregarded the admoni
tions of Cleveland and a Republican govern
ment reigns in New York where we used to
have a Democratic Governor. They would not
believe in sound money and Maryland sends a
Republican Senator to sit with Arthur P. Gor
man and 11 Republican Governor siis In the
'Capitol at Annapolis. They disregarded the
counsels of the most lovely of American states
men, William L. Wilson of West, Virginia, and
Mr. Elkins aits la the United Stales Senate.' * '
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
They divided the Democratic party in Ohio,
and Foraker takes the place of that long line of
Democratic statesmen ending with Thurman
and Pendleton. They disregarded the teach
ings of Carlisle [cheers] and we have a Repub
lican Governor in the State of Kentucky. Tney
pardoned the anarchists in the great State of
Illinois, and more Democratic Congressmen
walked the plank at the next election. There
has not been the ghest of a chance to elect a
Democratic President siuce 1894, becausu of
free silver; therefore when they charge us
with trying to elect McKinley I charge back
that they have done tlie job much more skill
fully. [Applause and cheers.]
Wnat we Intend to do is to prevent the elec
tion of the Chicago ticket under the pretense
that it is a Democratic ticket. 1 voted for
Horace Greeley; lam not ashamed of it. It
was not a very delightful dose at the time
[laughter], but the memory of it has become
more palatable in five and twenty years. But
1 did not vote tor him as a Democrat standing
on a Democratic platform, and I shall not
vote for a Populist candidate on a Populist
platform. [Cheers.]
After stating that the Chicago conven
tion had disobeyed instructions and there
fore Democrats were absolved from follow
ing it, Mr. Breckinridge proceeded:
I have nothing to say about the young gen
tleman who is now enlightening the people on
the Doiicy that ought to control the settle
ment of the fiuancial question, but I have read
his speeches with great care. Ha* anybody
gathered anything from them but the sad les
son that life comes unequal with men; thnt to
some come prosperous days and to some ad
versity; that to some come plenty and to some
want, and that as a corollary from this
those with whom life has gone hard ought to
unite and destroy thos« with whom life has
been prosperous? Is there anything else in his
speeches, stripped of their verbiage, but this:
"Here U a groat country, here is the Hudson
with its handsome residences oi rich men,
here are the syndicates controlling threat sums
of money and hore are you. Labor is not given
its just share of the profits. There is the bal
lot-box; there is the booty; there is the
weapons; you are the soldiers."
What is the lesson? Be frugal, be law-obedi
ent, be natient, be statesmanlike and study
j the question. Is that it? No. Use the ballot
■ box to equalize that which life has made so
j unequal. I protest that that lg not Democracy.
j [Loud cheering.] The Government shall not
| support the people; the people must support
the Government. [Applause.] The ballot-box
is not a weapon of hostility, is not a menace;
it takes the place of the bayonet; It takes the
place of force. No strikes, no bombs, no an
archists, no organizations to commit violence.
The ballot-box is not to make dlsoord, but to
bring about harmony; not to produce dissen
sions, but to produce that equalization ot law
under which all men stand equaL What are
we going to do here to-day? Nominate a
ticket? Of course. No one enme here with
any other idea. No one came here with the
idea of "firing in the air," of going through
dre>:s parade, of formulating tenets without
having an object lesson of two men standing
on a good platform [cheers]; men who are ex
emplary.
I care not who they are; I care not whether
our candidate for President be some gentle
man who after a long life in the service of the
country in pence and in war [allutiingto Sena
tor Palmer] would like to leave off the armor
which we would put upon him in making him
leader. [I/.ud cheers for Palmer.] I could
follow cheerfully and enthusiastically that
mo-t excellent, self-controlled gentleman in
his temper who commanded the Iron Brignde
in the war [alluding to General Bragg oi Wis
consin], [cheers]; or I could follow cheenully
that farmer statesman wiihwhom I served In
Congress, the fair Flower of New York
[Laughter and applause.] 1 do not want the
question before us to be obscured by any other
question. Uo not let us make any nominatien
tlmt will obscure the question; do not let us
open any door that wi,l offer to the enemy a
chance to raise any new issues uron us.
We are that Democratic party which stand*
for '-revenue for tariff only," and for that
honest dollar which measures the coined val ue
of the workman's labor. We want the laborer
when he selis his product to get a dollar for ii
that he can use in any market in which he
wants to buy. That is the American dollar
no bastard dollar worth 53 cents. We
will nominate our ticket and then we will ad
journ and go home. We will win no election,
not a single State, perhaps, will vote for our
ticket. There is In every transaction an ele
ment of transiioriness. We will be defeated,
but we will save the honor of AmeriCß, the
good name of the people and the Democratic
party from ruin. [Cheers.]
In conclusion Mr. BrecKinridge drew an
el< quent and humorous description of the
return of the erring Democratic brethren
to the fraternal fold and to their welcome
and regalement with pure, unmixed bour
Continued on Second Faae.
ASSESSMENTS OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
Lively Proceedings Before
the State Board of
Equalization.
DEBATE AT FEVER HEAT
Equalizer Chesebrough Talks 01
a Judus Iscariot Being
in Camp.
FIGURES THAT DO NOT TALLY.
Claim That There Is Great Lack of
Uniformity in Taxation of City
Property.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 3. — The
heretofore unknown experiment of hav
ing a member of the State Board of Equal
ization divorce himself from that body for
the purpose of defending the assessments
of a locality which the board as a body
very evidently believed was assessed far
below its property valuation— an opinion
perhaps formulated and certainly strength
ened by a mass of documentary evidence
and statistics, all of whicn clearly proved
that the locality was assessed far below
its mortgaged value— bade lair to create a
cyclone of excitement and contention
among the members, and during the
morning session debate waxed warm ana
at times verged upon the border of per
sonalities. This, however, failed to daunt
Equalizer Chesebrough, who upheld the
standard of his locality most loyally.
The main point of contention was raised
when Mr. Chesebrough asked if there had
been an expert appointed by the board to
co over the assessment roll.
'•In what capacity do you ask that?"
questioned Morehouse. "As a member of
this board, as a member of the Merchants'
Association, or as a member of San Fran
cisco?"
This question of the president's did not
meet witn the approbation of the gentle
man from San Francisco, and he protested
strongly.
"But," continued Mnrehouse, " we 1
should have a thorough understanding in
this matter. Your county has shirked
the responsib lity of appearing before thw
board and has thrown the whole burden
upon the shoulders of you, who, as a mem
ber of this board, are a representative of
the people of the whole State. It certainly
strikes me that you are placed in a very
uncomfortable position when you appear
here and argue in favor of San Francisco."
"That is a difference of opinion between
us," retorted Chesebrougb." I think my
position is correct."
'•Well, as a representative of San Fran
cisco you have no right to ask where or
bow we got our information," mildly re
marked Morehouse.
"I a i.' i well aware of the nource of your
information," retorted Chesebrough.
"There is a Judas Iscariot in camp. You
get your information from Thomas C.
Peddler, for whom I cannot express suf
ficient contempt. This man was given a
position in the Mint under my late part
ner, General Dimond, and he is a traitor."
"Now, Jet me speak," exclaimed Bea
mer, rising to bis feet. "I want to say to
you that your attack upon Mr. Peddler is
unwarranted, unjust and altogether un
called lor. Mr. Peddler is a gentleman
and a scholar, and I cannot say too much
in praise ol him, You make an uuwar*
ranted attack upon Mr. Peddler simply
because be gave to this board certain data
which it was necessary for us to obtain in
pursuance of our duty. You attack him
because he has helped us in our inquiries.
If San Francisco had no better argument
to offer why her assessment should not be
raised than to abuse a man of Peddler's
standing then I think it would have been
well for her to nave remained away alto
gether."
After some further slight disturbance
the board settled down to business and
entered into a discussion on property
which it was claimed was under-assessed.
Mortgages and auction sales of property
were introduced and Chesebrough was
forced to acknowledge that in many in
stances there had been bad assessments
made.
In the matter of valuation placed upon
the property of the Standard Oil Com
pany, which according to the license paiil
on sales should be assessed for $250,000,
whereas it was assessed for but $40,000,
Chesebrough claimed that he was unable
to account for it, as he was not familiar
with the method pursued by the board in
arriving at their conclusion.
In defense the representative of San
Francisco read a list of property which
had been assessed for more than its value.
For instance, property of Townsend and
King streets was assessed for $138,260 and
for over three months had been offered on
the market for $120,000. Property on
Howard street, near Steuart, was assessed
for $8480 and for sale for $10,250. Pronerty
on Valencia street, near Sixteenth, was
assessed for $2870 and was sold for $3600.
Property on Kearny street, near Sutter,
was a-sessed 10r546.0C0 and sold for $52,500.
Then the oliv? branch was extended,
and the board adjourned until 8 o'clock.
At the evening session Equalizer Beamer
introduced a list of 132 pieces of land
mortgaged in the sum of $390,340 and
assessed for $241,320, and forty-nine pieces
of property, situated south of Golden Gate
Park, mortgaged for $93,395 and assessed
for $48,990, or 52 per cent of their value.
The assessment on this property was re
duced by the Board of Supervisors on an
affidavit made by Assessor Seibe to the
effect that the proportionate value of the
property south of Golden Gate Park ex
ceeded by 30 per cent the average value of
assessments on the roll of real estate, and
in view of this the Board of Supervisors
granted & 30 per cent reduction, and, as
the Board of Equalization has ascer
tained that previous to the grant
ing of this reduction the property
was assessed for only 70 per cent
of its mortgaged value, they became con
vinced that the entire property of San
Francisco must be assessed at a ratio but
little exceeding 50 per cent of its true
monetary value and in consequence de
manded an investigation. They also
claim that Assessor Siebe had no right to
make this affidavit and forwarded notice
to that eff ret.r ct.
On S anford Heights and Sunnyside
forty-six pieces of property mortgaged for
$79,755 were assessed for $34.930— 1e5s than
44 per cent of mortgaged value anu less
than 30 per cent of true value. On Van
Ness avenue seventy-four pieces of prop
erty mortgaged for $9J1,080 are assessed
for $579,410, and then the assessm nts and
property mortgage-rolls of twelve of the
largest holders in the City were ventilated.
They were:
Namk.
Mortgages
held.
Assess-
ments.
Hlbernia 8ank. .............
(•I rman Savings and Loan.
Campbell & Kent.....
BigelowdS 5mith...'.. ......
Hurnbo'dt s»vlngß.".r^TT.
Security savings .V.'.vr;;;:
Muiua Savins^.
Eln'racht 5par.:.... ........
Title, Insurance and Trust.
Crocker estate.. .'...
A. Bo ret... ••••
Co.umbus savings.
*8. 1 26,54 1 ' $5,836,780
2,749.819 2,164,019
2,04»,195 1,610,027
440,700 329,315
69-V-26 434,743
420,330 820,640
312,678 217,960
101,340 69.202
42,563 32.77J
i 191,875 43,500
179,680 189,460
44,960 28,925
Showing that over $8,000,000 of mort
gages, on which the poorer classes were
paying interest, escaped taxation in the
hands of the banks, corporations and
millionaires.
In reply Chesebrough said: "I cannot
explain this, but will question Mr. Tobin
of the Hibernia Bank, who is certainly tde
greatest winner, as soon as I ro to the
City ; but what I contend is that no human
being can uniformly assess such a mass of
property as lies within the confines of San
Francisco."
The Frank property was then brought to
Mr. Chesebrough's attention. The Hiber
nia Bank holds a mortgage on this prop
erty for $220,000, assessed at $130,570, and
a clause in the mortgage provides that the
building, assessed for but $22,850, must be
kept insured for $57,000.
Mr. Chesebrough contended that the
same state of affairs existed in all the
other counties of the State, in as far as in
dividual property interests were con
cerned and possibly in the same ratio in
comparison with property values.
Messrs. Morehouse and Beamer stated
that they could quote like instances as oc
curring in San Francisco for a week's
time, and Mr. Chesebrough suggested
that the stagnation in business circles at
the present time be taken into considera
tion.
Then Beamer rubbed down Chese
bt ouch's ruffled plumes by saying that in
his opinion the latter had presented the
best defense the Bay City had ever had
since his term of office on the board, and
an adjournment was taken.
NEWSPAPER ASSESSMENTS.
Questions Concerning the Big Dailies of
*<>>i Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 3.— During
the session of the Board of Equalization
Chesebrough was questioned about the
assessments of the San Francisco dailies
which were: Examiner, $51,070; Call,
$40,000; Chronicle, $40,295- the two former
being sworn to, the latter not sworn to —
and a comparison of these assessments
with that of the Los Angeles Times showed
that the latter was assessed for more than
the Examiner.
In answer Chesebrough said:
"I cannot state whether tnese assess
ments be correct or nut, but from what I
personally know of Shortridge and De
Young, if any mistake has been made they
will stand ready to rectify it. My ac
?uaint»nce with Mr. Hearst is so limited
cannot answer for him, but believe him
to be fair minded."
HAWAIIAN ANNEXATION.
Strong Revival of the Feeling, Intensified
by the Menace of Japanese]
Immigration.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 3.— H. M.
Whitney, for ten years during the Royal
ist Government Postmaster-General of the
Hawaiian Islands, arrived in Seattle
to-night from Vancouver, having been a
passenger on the steamship Miowera. He
reports a strong re\ival of the annexation
feeling on the islands, and says it is greatly
intensified through the belief that should
Hawaii De annexed to the United States
the threatened Japanese trouble would oe
entirely wiped out by the abrogation of
all existing treaties.
By what is known as the Gibson treaty,
entered into with Japan about thirteen
years ago, Japanese may pour into ;he
islan is in unlimited numbers. They now
number 25,000. and are coming, Whitney
stated, at tne ularming rate of 3000 a year.
He thinks it is only a question of a few
years until the Japanese will outnumber
the natives and naturalized population,
and in that case would cause serious
trouole. They are already ilemanding
the right of franchise, which by treaty is
conferred upon them as soon as they can
read and write the English language.
Tliis accomplishment, Whitney says, tne
wily Japs are rapidiy acquiring.
Mr. Whitney resides at Honolulu. He
is publisher of the Planters' Monthly, and
is also part owner of the Honolulu Gazette
and Advertiser.
"Whoever is elected, Bryan or McKin
ley," Whitney said in conclusion, "the
movement to have Hawaii annexed to
the United States will be at once renewed
in earnest."
BALINAS' BEET-SUGAR FACTORY.
Claws bpreekels Select* a M for the Bio
Jbntiibliihment.
SALINAS, Cal., Sept. 3. — Claus
Spreckels has been in town several days
trying to select suitable grounds for the
beet-sugar factory which he intends to erect
here. W. Jonas ot San Jose, accompanies
him. Many tracts of land were looke>l at
and a decision made, but the site wiil not
be made public for several days. The
acreage, which had to be pledged to Mr.
Spreckels for the raising of sugar-beets is
all contracted for and the plant will aoon
be commenced.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
HANFORD IN
THE COLUMN
Republicans Manifest Their
Strength by a Great
Rally.
LARGEST MEETING EVER
HELD THERE.
From All Sections of Kings
County the People Come to
Participate.
RINGING ADDRESS DELIVERED
BY HON. S. M. SHORTRIDGE.
Ruin Wronght by Democratic Policies,
He Says, Can Be Checked by
HANFORD, Cal., Sept. 3. — Hanford
broke the record to-night by having the
greatest political meeting in point of num
bers and enthusiasm ever known in the
history of the county. A special train
came from Lemoore, bearing large num
bers of enthusiastic citizens, and the train
from Visalia was crowded with people
arxious to hear the doctrines of protection
and prosperity set forth by Hon. Samuel
M. Shortridge.
The people came on trains and in car
riages from all parts of the county, and
fully 3000 assembled at the Wlewam Park
and crowded the streets and balconies in
all directions.
There was good music by the local band
and by the Glee Club, after which the
speaking began, and Mr. Shortridge com
manded the closest attention for nearly
two hours, being interrupted by frequent
bursts of applause.
The following vice-presidents were
seated on the stage during the evening'g
proceedings: J. TJ. Fox, George B. Mc-
Cord, Stiles McLauehlin, W. A. Long, J.
S.Sullivan, P. Mcßae (formerly a Dem
ocrat), J. E. Ensign, Letus Crowell, John
Worswick, J. T. McJunkin, B. L. Barney,
B. A. Fassett, J. O. Hickman, W. H.
Camp, Amos M. Ayera, J. M. Hambleton,
Justin Jacobs. R. W. Musgrive, James
Manage. A. P. Gomez, G. W, Randall,
Samuel Young, A. G. Park, James A. Hill,
John Welcher, A. P. Keran, George !To
mer, W. S. Camp, W. T. Newport, and a
large delegation from Visalia. The fol
lowing were on the reception committee
to receive the speakers: F. L. Dodge, L.
E. Felton, D. R. Cameron, Amos M.
Ayers and F. A. Blakeley.
Long before 8 o'clock the great Wigwam
Park was surging with a crowd of fully
2000, a big, good-natured crowd that en
joyed the music of the excellent local
band. Before the speaker began a train
from Visalin and way stations brought
fully 200 people, who came to hear the
speech, fighting their way to seats and
available standing room through tde surg
ing throng. The following gentlemen
from Visalia took the platform: J. M.
English, William Pratt, Charles T. Lund
sey and R. P. Grant.
Editor Dodge made a neat little speech,
after which the vast throng rose and sang
the National anthem with great en
thusiam. After this he said: "I am,
pleased to see the campaign in Kings
County open here with such enthusiasm.
For over a hundred years American pat
riots have met every four years to elect
a President. This is a glorious time for
young men to cast their first vote with
us, and we also invite the penitent refugees
of other parties to join us now." [Great
applause.]
The speaker then introduced F. A.
Blakeley as chairman of the evening. Mr.
Biakeley introduced the Hon. Samuel M.
Shortridge as an incomparable scholar
and orator who is known all over the
Golden West.
The Glee Club then sang some highly
appreciated humorous songs, after which
Mr. Shortridge arose to speak, but the ap
plause was so great that he could not
begin for several minutes. Acknowledg
ing the applause gracefully he began as
follows:
"Ladies and Gentlemen: Here in this
beautiful and prosperous city, under the
blue skies, with the stars looking down
upon us, we have assembled to consider
the welfare of our State and our country.
In the spirit of the old Roman. I shall
speak to-night. The Roman maxim was,
let every man write on nis brow nis
thought concerning the welfare of
his country. 1 shall address you as one
of you.
"As a citizen of California lam proad of
the State and prouii of you beautiful town
and county. 1 shall give you my bonest
thourht to-night. I believe tnat the wel
fare of this town, of your county and of
our State depends primarily on the elec
tion of that matchless statesman and,
incomparable Republican, William Mc«
Kiniey. [Great applause.] If there are
Democrats here, I say to them and to all
vho have honored me by their presence
that I come to talk dispassionately, to
reason with you calmly on what it is best
to do."
The speaker then said that it was a fact
that a few cardinal principles undetiio
tbis campaign. "The people as a whole
are patriotic," he said, "bat they some
times make error?, as they did four yeara
ago. They put the Democrats in power.
What did the Democrats find? They
found prosperity on every hand. Now we
find ruin, desolation and despair on every
hand. Do you think the people will trust
them' again? Never, never. [Cheers.] We
have heard the. voice of glorious old Ver
mont, and as Vermont has gone so will
the Union go. [Cheers.]
The speaker then turned bis attention
to the Populists. "I am sorry for •the
middle-of-the-road Populist," he said,
''and I do not want to wound anybody's
feelines, "but I feel sorry for him now be
cause he has nowhere to go. Let me ask2
him what is to become of his prunes and
of his sheep under Democratic free tra<lc?
Since the ruinous Wilson bill the average
Democrat is afraid to look a sheep in the
face; he turns the sheep the other way
before he shears him." [Laughter.]
Coming to the two great parties and tl:o
fundamental differences between theni he
said: "The Republican party recoid is a
record of glory. Its administrations have
always been for the whole people, its laws
have been for the honor of the entire coun
try and its pol:cies have always been in
the line of progreM*" [Great applause.]
Continuing further he 6aid : "Now, if
ever, is the time in the history of the party
■when Republicans should give their alle
giance to it. There is no reason why any
Republican should falter now. In the
northern part of the State the Republi
cans are united and are constantly gain
ing recruits from the disgruntled Democ
racy and from Populists who realize they
were duped at St. Louis in the so-called
Populist cons'ention. So we are united,
and I state it in order to encourage Re
publicans here to carry our banner to vic
tory over the whole State. And under
whose banner are we marching? Under
the same banner which the immortal Lin
coln held high above the storms of strife
[applause!; which Grant carried through
war and peace [applause]; which Hayes
bore; which the martyr Garrield loved
[applause] ; which was the shelter and
guiding emblem of our beloved and la
mented James G. Blame [great applause
and cheers], and which our last wise and
prudent leader, Benjamin Harrison, kept
pure and high. [Cheers.]
"It is emblematic of the Republican
principles, which are essential to the pros
perity and greatness and glory of this Na
tion, and it is the banner which Major
McKinley is carrying to victory on the 3d
of next November. [Loud and continued
applause]. If there is a Republican here
to-night who has marched under that
banner in days gone by I ask him to con
sider whether tbe Republican party is not
true to the interests of the people, and all
the people and of all the States and all
the Territories as it has always been. I
ask Republicans if there is a reason why
they should falter. If you will study the
history of the country from 18S8 to 18i)2
under a Republican administration and
compare it with the condition of affairs
since that time what man will not say
that he would rather have the administra
tion of Benjamin Harrison than that of
Grover Cleveland ? [Applause].
"If there i& a Democrat who is proud of
the record of the past three years I have
yet to see him. The thoughtful man, the
business man, the laboring man, rinds
that their prosperity is written in letters
found upon the banner of the Republican
party, and if the past avails anything it
means that the Republic must be given
back into the hands of the Republicans.
[Cheers and applause.] Tbe Republican
party stands for the enforcement of the
law, for the integrity of our institutions,
for the inviolability of the constitution of
our fathers. [Applause and cheers.] It
stands for free lips and free hands. [Ap
plause.] It stands for every man to think
his thoughts and speak his mind freely in
every State and Territory of the United
States. [Applause.] The Republican
party stands upon a platform which de
mands a tariff that will yield revenues
sufficient to run the Government to pay
off tbe debt, to keep the industries of tbe
country thriving, to open the factories
and awaken the sleeping and slumbering
business of the country.
"In a time of peace, in profound peace,
the Democratic party has not only not
kept even, but it has plunged this coun
try into a greater debt of $262,000,000.
There have been no devastating wars, iio
pestilence, no famine, yet the party in
power has, like a rotten monarchy of the
old world, forced this country to go into
debt. The Democratic party has been
■weig! Ed and found wanting. When on
the verge of dissolution its ranks become
disrupted and discontented, splitting its
own structure. When there was a ques
tion of not holding any National conven
tion because of internal strife and the
blackness of its record the Democratic
party put forth the question of money as
the issue of this campaign. But the
American people are a thoughtful and
reading people. They are a remindful
people, and are not going to repeat a mis
take in 1896. [Applause.] "Unless we put
the Republican party in power, unless we
restore business confidence and honest
government again, your country and
mine is ruined almost beyond redress.
"The Government itself loses under
Democracy, but the people lose even more.
Furnace fires to-day are banked, industries
are suspended, and the country has al
most ceased business under Cleveland
[laughter], yet in times of profound
peace there are a million and a half idle
people in the country? Why? Because
the Democrass have foisted their free-trade
lawa upon the people because they have
abandoned the principles of wise states
manship. What does the country need?
Business confidence. Up to the coming
of Grover Cleveland the second time the
country was prosperous and happy, and
as sure as these stars shine prosperity will
come again with the restoratiorvof the Re
publican party to power once more."
[Cheers.]
The speaker then dwelt on the many ad
vantages which would result to the State
and Nation if a protective policy was in
augurated which would encourage the
various industries of the land, particularly
if the sugar beet industry were encouraged
in California. He held that the State
might be made to supply sugar for the
entire Union. For two hours the vast
throng listened with rapt attention.
Much of the beauty and force of the
speech consisted in those evanescent
features that type cannot aptly portray
the telling of an anecdote, the melody of
the voice or the grace of a gesture. Never
was such an assemblage gathered in this
part of the worid to listen to the discus
sion of political issues. This was largely
due to the fact that Mr. Shortridge made
-some of his earliest political speeches
here in the early eighties, and thousands
remembered the impulsive eloquence of
li is early efforts and came to sac how time
had mellowed the views of early youth.
Coming to the money question, the
speaker said: "The Republican party is
the true party of bimetallism, because it
believes in money that can be kept at par
the world over — in a dollar whicb is hon
ored everywhere. I believe that a dol
lar ought to be worth a dollar
in eyery land. I want to see a
policy that will enable the American
to take the wings of the morning with a
dollar and fly to the farthest wave
washed isle with that dollar bearing
the stamp of car Government so that he
can there set ioo cents for it and feel
proud that this Government pays its
debts. Prudent men say 16 to 1 is a
dream now without the aid of other
nations. It is wiser to keep what we have
than fly to dangers we know not of. Our
party has coined $400,000,080 since 1860
and preserved the parity between the two
metals. The Republicau party believed
in true, philosophical bimetallism, but
not in such an unbridled cause as would
disturb the parity. But this is a false
issue. The tariff ia the true cause, a
policy that will revive industries and give |
the people worK. And we believe, too, in j
protection to American ships. The party
will carry out the spirit and the letter of
protection, everywhere encouraging enter
prise and protecting labor to the end."
At the conclusion of the meeting there
was prolonged cheering for McKinley and
for the speaker, and it was the opinion of
all present that such a meeting was never
seen in this county. The result for Re
publicanism is no longer in doubt.
It ;s the general opinion that tne revival
of .Republican enthusiasm that began to
night marks the dawning of a great vic
tory bere. On the platform were a num
ber of representative Democrats who are
this year for McKinley and prosperity. It
is interesting to note the opinions of some
prominent citizens on the outlook here.
Deputy Sheriff F. J. Walker said: "This
is just what we have needed. Democrats
are coming into our ranks and weak-
Kneed Republicans are returning to the
fold. The county is cafe."
£ditor Frank L. Dodge said : "The Popu
lists and Democrats make the most noise,
but it will be found that we have the
votes."
D. R. Cameron said: "There is no
question that we will carry the county.
We need speeches and literature and the
result is safe."
Supervisor B. L. Barney said: "The
silver craze is dying out. Such speeches
will soon leave it only a memory."
Judge G. W. Randall said: "This
county is safe. Every speech like this
wins votes."
I. Loventhall said : "Traveling men
who come to my hotel say the State is for
McKinley. Out of a hundred sixty-seven
were for him, twenty-two for Bryan and
eleven would not say how they felt. The
fight is all right here."
G. B. McCord, candidate for the Assem
bly, said : "I meet a great many people
in my travels. There are a few Repub
licans who will vote for Bryan, and there
are many Democrats who are for McKin
ley. The county is all right."
E. Jacobs of Visalia, a prominent
farmer and former Democratic manager,
said: "McKinley ought to be elected.
The Bryan men are doing tbe yelling, but
the friends of good government will do
the voting. 1 '
PALMER AT
THE HEAD
Continued from First J'age.
bon Democracy. [Loud and lone-contin
ued cheering.]
After Mr. Breckinridge had lef£ the
platform and taken h:s seat Mr. Sparks of
Tennessee offered a resolution declaring
the sense of the convention at the great
loss sustained by the Democratic party
and the Nation in tho death of Hon. Wil
liam E. Russell of Massacnusetts, and ex
pressing "the profound sorrow of the con
vention at Mr. Russell's untimely taking
off." The resolution was taken by a ris
ing vote and was carried unanimously,
every delegate standing.
Dr. William^ Everett of Massachusetts
was called upon in acceptance of the reso
lution. He spoke at some length with
intense feeling and earnestness.
Brief remarks were made by Messrs.
Savage of Kentucky, De Witt Warner of
New York, Frederick Lehman of Missouri
and W. D. Bynum of Indiana on the
necessity for earnest work.
Mr. Eckels of Illinois, Comptroller of
the Currency, was then invited to the
staad and addressed the convention. No
one, he said, who looked over the assem
blage would dare to assert that the Demo
cratic party aid not stiil live, the cham
pion of the people's rights and the quick
avenger of the people's wrongs.
They were here to prevent the National
honor and the great party of their love
and affection from being hissed and a
byword throughout the land, f Applause.]
They were here in no unkindly spirit
toward any one. They desired to make
the Democratic party once aga\n a haven
of refuge. [Applause.] If the convention
accomplished that it would not have been
held in vain. If they had pointed out the
errors of the people who met at Chicago
and had turned attention from Populistic
to Democratic doctrine, they had done
sufficient to deserve the gratitude of their
party and their country. [Applause.]
The men who met at Chicago have built
up a faction, which under right and nor
mal conditions would not for a single day
stand the test of American common
sense, of American honesty. They had
built their faction on fallacious ideas of
finance. But be thanked God that there
still remained in every nook and corner of
the land sufficient pride, sufficient hon
esty and sufficient patriotism to drive the S
adherents of the Chicago convention from !
the spoils of office into the slough of such
despondency that there should never again
rise to bother the American public or to
make unsettled tbe question of whether
this was a debt-paying Nation. [Ap
plause.]
William Hammond of Georgia also
spoke.
At 1:50 p. m. the announcement was
made that the committee on resolutions
was ready to report and Senator Vilas,
chairman of that committee, took the
stand and read in his clear, resonant voice
with much emphasis tbe platform, being
accompanied by applause at every telling
point.
At the close of the reading the whole
convention stood up and waved flags, hats
and handkerchiefs, while the band played
"America" to the usual tune of "God
Save the Queen."
The convention then proceeded to the
nomination of candidates, and the roll of
States was called. Alabama yielded io
Kentucky, and A. J. Carroll made an elo
quent speech, telling how the friends of
Henry W T atterson had urged him by cable
to allow his name to be presented as a
candidate, despite his strone disinclina
tion. Rtill they persisted; but now, in
view of the fact that they have found
many other tried leaders willing to make
the right, and the further fact that Ken
tucky is to present General Buckner for
the second place, Mr. Watterson has sent
word he should not be presented.
California yielded to Michigan, and L.
L. Kilbourne of that State, in a brief but
able speech, presented the name of "thit
grand son and magnificent statesman of
the State of Illinois, General John M.
Palmer." [Cheers.] Benator Palmer's
nomination was briefly seconded by a
delegate from Michigan.
Connecticut yielded to Wisconsin, and
Mr. Jones of that State took the stand to
place General Bragg in nomination. He
spoke as follows: - '.'.'.
I do not quite quote the language of one who
In a Republican convention became known to
fame when I ask what are we here for if not
for our principles. Although in former years
Wisconsin was classed as a Republican State.
in 1890 the Democracy was successful, and in
1892 Wieconiia agaiu cast a handsome ma
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
FOR SOUND MONEY AND FREE TRADE.
Platform of the Gold Wing of the Demo=
cratic Party Adopted at Indianapolis,
September 3, i 896.
This convention has assembled to uphold the principles upon which depend the
honor and welfare of the American people, in order that Democrats throughout the
Union may unite their patriotic efforts to avert disfavor from tbe country and ruin
from their party.
The Democratic party is pledged to equal and exact justice to all men of every
creed and condition; to the largest freedom of the individual consistent with good
government; to the preservation of the Government in its constitutional vipbr and to
the support of the States in all their just rights; to economy in the public expend
itures; to the maintenance of the public faith and sound money, and it is opposed to
paternalism and all class legislation.
The declarations of the Chicago platform attack individual freedom, the right of
private contract, the independence of the judiciary and the authority of the President
to enforce laws. They advocate a reckless attempt to increase the price of silver by
legislation, to the debasement of our monetary standard, and threaten unlimited issues
of paper money by the Government. They abandon for Republican allies the Demo
cratic cause of tariff reform to court the favor of protectionists to their financial
heresy.
In view ot these and other grave departures from Democratic principles, we cannot
support the candidates of that convention, nor be bound by its acts. The Democratic
party has survived many defeats, but could not survive a victory won in behalf of the
doctrine and policy proclaimed in its name at Chicago. The conditions, however,
which make possible such utterances from a National convention are the direct result
of legis<ation by the Republican party. It will proclaim, as it has for years, the power
and duty of the Government to raise and maintain prices by law, and it proposes no
remedy for existing evils except oppressive and unjust taxation.
The National Democracy here reconvened, therefore, renews its declaration of
faith in Democratic principles, especially as applicable to the conditions of the times.
Taxation, tariff, excise or direct, is rightfully imposed only for public purposes,
and not for private gain. Its amount is justly measured by public expenditures, which
should be limited by scrupulous economy. The sum derived by the treasury from
tariff and excise levies is affirmed by the state of trade and volume of consumption.
The amount required by the treasury is determined by tbe appropriations made by
Congress.
The demand of the Republican party for an increase in tariff taxation has its
pretext in the deficiency of revenue, which finds its causes in the stagnation of trade
and reduced consumption, due to the loss of confidence that has followed the Populist
threat of free coin ace, the depreciation of our money and the Republican practice of
extravagant appropriations beyord the needs of our Government. We are condemn
ing the Populistic conventions of Chicago and St. Louis for their co-operation with
the Republican party in creating these conditions, which are pleaded in justification
of a heavy increase of burdens of the people by a further resort to protection.
We therefore denounce protection and its ally, free coinage of silver, as such was
for the personal benefit of a few at the expense of the masses and oppose the two
parties. We oppose the pretense that discriminating duties will promote shipping;
that such a scheme is an invitation to commercial warfare upon the United States, un-
American in the light of our great commercial treaties, offering no gain whatever to
American shipping, while greatly increasing ocean freights on our agricultural and
manufactured products.
The experience of mankind has shown that by reason of their natural qualities,
gold is the necessary money of the large affairs of commerce and business, while
silver is conveniently adapted to minor transactions, and the most beneficial use of
both together can be insured only by the adoption of the former as a standard of
monetary measure and the maintenance of silver at a parity with gold by its limited
coinage under suitable safeguards of law.
Thus the largest possible employment of both metals is pained with a value uni
versally accepted thoughout the world, which constitutes the only practical bimetallic
currency assuring the most stable standard and especially the best and safest money
for all who earn their livelihood by labor or the produce of husbandry. They cannot
suffer when paid in the best money known to man, but are the peculiar and most
defenseless victims of fluctuating currency, which offers continual profit to the
money-changer at their cost.
In fine, we reaffirm the historic Democratic doctrine of tariff for revenue only.
We demand that henceforth modern and liberal policies toward American shipping
shall take the place of our imitation of the restricted statutes of the eighteenth cen
tury, which were long ago abandoned by every maritime power but the United
States, and which, to the Nation's humiliation, has driven American capital and
enterprise to the use of alien flags and alien crews, have made the stars and stripes an
almost unknown emblem in foreign ports and have virtually extinguished the race of
American seamen.
Realizing these truths, demonstrated by Jong public inconvenience and loss, the
Democratic party, in the interests of the masses and of equal justice to all, practically
established by the legislation of 1834 and 1855 the gold standard of monetary measure
ment, and likewise entirely divorced the Government from banking and currency
issues. To this long-e«tablished Democratic policy we adhere, and insist upon the
maintenance of the gold standard and of the parity therewith of every dollar issued
by the Government, and are firmly opposed to the free and unlimited coinage of silver
and to tiie compulsory purchase of silver bullion. But we denounce also the further
maintenance of the present costly patchwork system of National paper currency as a
constant source of injury and peril. We assert the necessity of such intelligent
currency reform as will confine the Government to its legitimate functions, completely
separated from tbe banking business, and afford to all sections of our country a
uniform, safe and elastic bank currency under Governmental supervision, measured
in volume by the needs of business.
The fidelity, patriotism and courage with which President Cif veland has fulfilled
his public trust, the high character of his administration, its wisdom and energy in
the maintenance of civil order, and the enforcement of laws with equal regard for the
rights of every class and every section, its firm and dignified conduct of foreign affairs
and its steady persistence in upholding tbe credit and honor of the Nation, are fully
recognized by the Democratic party, and will secure to him a place in history beside
the fathers of the Republic.
We also commend the administration for the great progress made in the reform of
the public service, and we indorse its efforts to extend tbe merit system still further.
We demand that no backward step be taken, but that tbe reform be supported and
advanced until the spoils system of appointments shall be eradicated. We demand
strict economy in the appropriations and in the administration of the Government.
We favor arbitration for the settlement of international disputes. We favor a liberal
policy of pensions to deserving soldiers and sailors of the United States.
The Supreme Court of the United States was established by the framers of our
constitution as one of the three co-ordinate branches of the Government. ItsinJeperd
ence and authority to interpret the law of the land without fear or favor must be main
tained. We condemn all efforts to degrade that tribunal or impair the confidence and
respect which it has deservedly held. The Democratic party has ev«*r maintained and
will ever maintain the supremacy of law, tlfe independence of its judicial administra
tion, the inviolability of contract and the obligations of all good citizens to resist
every illegal trust combination and attempt against the just rights of property and
the good order officially in which are bound up the peace and happiness of our
people.
Believing these principles to be essential to the well-being of the Republic, we
submit them to the consideration of the American people.
jority for the State and electoral tickets of the
Democratic party.
But about two years ago the pendulum
nvung to Republicanism again. About sixty
days ago in convention assembled the Democ
racy of Wisconsin sent a delegation to the
Chicago convention pledged to honest money
and the gold standard, '10-day there are gath
ered together in Milwaukee and in convention
our erring but misguided brethren, who are
singing their hosannahs to free silver and
who, content with their quiet conversion, are
already anticipating the spoils of victory. But
I assure you that there are still Democrats in
Wisconsin.
There are others now wavering? and uncer
tain whether they shall bow to or turn away
from the false proDhets now clothed in the
livery of Democracy. The sound-money men
of Wisconsin are unanimous in the belief that
the man who can best rally those who now
hesitate an to their diuy in Wisconsin and in
this Nation is that matchless leader whose
name ir a household word in every home in
Wisconsin; more than that, v. hose deathless
courage and devotion to this Government are
a part oi the glory of our Republic. As I utter
these words there comes to the mind of every
man in this audience the name of the daunt
les» commander of the old iron brigade, the
hero of fifty battles— Fighting Ed Bragg of the
United States. In tue great National conven
tions of our party for more than thirty years
he has been a leader in the councils oi Democ
racy. For eight years In the halls of Congress
he represented his State as the chairman of
important committees, was tried ami trusted
by nis State and Nation. His record as a legis
lator ana as the representative oi our Govern
ment at a foreign port are an open book, to
which we invite your inspection with utmost
fearlessness.
General Bragg is an honest man, and if I
were to pretend that he has never erred he
would repudiate tbe claim. But I do assert
that he has never misled the people by am
biguous phrases. And if he has ever had
reason to change his views on any subject he
was honest enough and bold enough to tell the
truth, Moreover.it is a part of the political
history of our State that for many years the
views of General Bragg upon the great ques
tions which now divide the Democracy have
been in full accord with tbe opinions of that
wing of the party which is represented here to
day.
General Bragg is one of the ablest lawyers
of the Northwest, and hence he can only abhor
this dogma of the Chicago convention that the
Supreme Court of the United States should be
packed for the purpose of partisau plunder.
His Democracy goes back without a break
almost to the days of Jackson, hence he can
only loathe the modern doctrine that a great
government should compel its creditors, pub
lic and private, to accept payment of their
debts in a depreciative and dishonest cur
rency.
General Bragg as a citizen-soldier loves law
and order as the very apple of his eye. How
could he but turn in abhorrence from that
platform which stretches out to lawlessness
the right hand of fellowship and encourage
ment.
It would be a fitting response to the conduct
of the Chicago convention and to the insults
it heaped upon our President if this conven
tion should nominate one in whom Mr. Cleve
lnnd has more than once reposed especial con
fidence. If the Chicago convention could not,
Oe&eral Bragg does recognize the fact that &i
every hour of his career Grover Cleveland has
stood ready to sacrifice himeslf on the altar of
revenue reform; that the reforms in the civil
service alone during the last two Democratic
administrations will endure as a monument
to the courage and patriotism of Mr. Cleve
land, when the whole miserable work of the
Chicago convention will be remembered by
Americans only in humiliation and shsme.
The campaign in wnich the masses of people
are invited by every art of the demagogue and
by every appeal to prejudice to depart from
the principles of common honesty, we must
appeal to the high moral sense of the Ameri
can people, to thoir National pride, to their
sense of honor. The American people have
never yet proved dishonest, I believe they
never will. We shall need as our leaders men
whose career* have been tempered in the
fierce heat of repeated conflicts. If there is
any doubt as to the courage of General Bragg,
go ask the battle-scarred veterans who faced
him at the second battle oi Bull Run, at South
Mountain, at the battles of Frederlcksburg
and during the long struggles of the Wilder
ness. During these days of processions and
crowded streets, in Indianapolis, the old vete
rans who wore the blue and the veterans who
wore the gray, have paid their tributes of love
and honor to their old commander. All the
world honors the man who knows how to fight
in time of war and how to forget and love in
time of peace.
If in this great civil battle which must now
be fought to the end it should be the pleasure
of this convention to nominate who fought
under the Stars and Stripes, and another of
• equal valor who fought under the stars and
bars, the Sound-money Democracy would rally
as one man under the old veterans, marching
together, face to face in deadly confllcj, but
shoulder to shoulder under one banner on
which should be inscribed "The National
Honor Snail Be Preserved."
Proudly we present you the name of General
Bragg. We love him for the battles he has
fought through a long civil life or for his long
faithful service in the cause of Democracy,
we love him no less for his bravery in the bat
tles he lought on the tented fields. We love
him because he never worshiped at tho glitter
ing shrine oi temporary success.
We lov»him not only for the enemies he hns
made, but because he is the friend of honest
men and an honest dollar. We who have
gathered in this convention have thereby
pledged ourselves to maintain this struggle
lor honest money.
We have eniisted. We have enlisted for the
war. No matter whom you may name as your
commander, General Bragg will be In the
thickest of the tight. He would be lonesome
anywhere else. He would gladly buckle on
his sword as a private in the ranks, but we ask
you in the name of those who love him in
Wisconsin and on behalf oi hundreds of thou
sands who wait expectantly in other States,
will it not be best to let the gallant general
lead the charge ?
After Jones' nomination of Bragg, Mr.
Hartridge of Florida said that when the
Florida delegation came to the convention
it was for the purpose of presenting the
name of Grover Cleveland, but because
they believed that the civilized world was
standing to-day with its ear acute, to hear
the sound coming from this convention,
they heartily and with entire unanimity
seconded the nomination of Senator
Palmer. [Cheers.]
Thomas F. Corrigan of Georgia also
warmly seconded the nomination of Sena
tor Palmer.
When the State of Illinois was called
further time was requested for considera
tion. The call of States went on with the
following responses:
Indiana — Had no candidate.
lowa — Had no candidate.
Kansas — Had no candidate.
Kentucky— Had no candidate.
Louisiana — Had no candidate and had
no speech to mate except to say that, no
matter who the candidate may be, he
would be supported in Louisiana, heart
and soul.
Maine— Had no candidate to support,
but pledged to fellow-Democrats in the
ereat convention warm and ardent support
to the candidate of the convention.
Maryland— Have no candidate to pre
sent. Senator Palmer is good enough for
us.
Massachusetts — Presents no candidate
and will be glad to vote as soon as we
come to ballot.
When the State of Minnesota was called,
Mr. McCutcheon of that State came to the
stand and said that the Minnesota dele
gates had-intendeu to present the name of
Daniel W. Lawler of the North Star State,
but they withdrew it.
When Missouri was reported, Mr. Leh
mann said Missouri had expected to pre
sent James 0. Broadhead, but he had de
clined. Mr. Lehmann continued with an
earnest speech seconding the nomination
of General Bragg.
Nebraska being reported, C. S. Mont
gomery of that State responded, amid
much laughter : "Mr. President, the State
of Nebraska has already furnished one too
many candidates for President."
When Ohio was called S. H. Holding an
swered: "With unusual modesty the State
of Ohio has no candidate." [Laughter and
cheers.]
Lewis T. McArthur from his place in
the Oregon delegation seconded the nomi
nation of General Brage. Another dele
gate irom the same State said that Oregon
also seconded the nomination of John M.
Palmer.
Tennessee, through J. H. Holman, sec
onded Palmer, as also did Vermont and
Virginia. Washington also seconded Pal
mer. Then Illinois, which had been
passed earlier in the call, asked to be
heard and Judpe Thomas A. Moran as
cended the platform and said:
We only break silence now to explain to you
why, during the progress of this convention,
Illinois has been silent so long. We have been
silent because our lips were sealed by com
mand of Hon. John M. Palmer of Illinois. It
has been our conviction from the first that he
was the proper candidate ot this convention,
but we hava been forbidden to say so by that
man, who is as modest as he is great. And
now we speak what we have to say without
his permission or consent. In his selection as
your standard-bearer, you will honor Illinois,
and Illinois is one of tbe battlefields, if not
the chief battlefield, where this election is to
be contested. There is but one issue in this
campaign, and that is the issue between sound
money and a depreciated currency, and in
John M. Palmer you have a man whose whole
life has been devoted, whenever this question
has been to tbe front, to the defense of sound
money against all sorts of depreciated cur
rency and fiat money. John M. Palmer is a
platform in himself, lie needs no words.
All the States having been called for
nominations, the chairman stated that the
vote would now be taken. The States and
Territories were called and progressed as
far as the State of Wisconsin, Senator
Palmer receiving a very large majority of
the votes. When the State of Wisconsin
was called, General Bragg rose and said:
"Mr. Chairman: Thanking my noble State
for the honor she has done me in
presenting my name to this distinguished
convention and thanking those other States
that have kindly given me their support, I
think 1 can do myself no greater honor than to
move at this time that the nomination of Gen
eral M. Palmer be made unanimous. [Cheers.]
And I assure him and his friends that I will
occupy for him and for the principles sup
ported by this convention, as far as 1 am able,
the place which the State of Wisconsin says
that her sons should occupy In battle — the
pliice nearest to the flag of the enemy. [Loud
cheers.]
General Braeg's motion that the nomi
nation of Fairner be made unanimous was
put to the convention ana carried, and the
chair announced that General John M.
is the nominee of the National Democratic
party for President of these United States.
As soon as the announcement was made
there was an outburst ot enthusiasm on
the part of the convention. The guidons
and flags and banners that were in reach
were caught up and "the march of the
standards'' around the convention hall
was performed amid shouts and cheers.
As soon as the uproar subsided the
chairman announced that the nomination
for candidates for Vice- President was
in order. There was no useless for-
mality about that proceeding, no call-
ing of States alphabetically, but the
secretary started at once with Kentucky,
when W. 3. Browder of that State made a
speech nominating Simon Bolivar Buck-
ner. The convention was imputient at the
speech, but ready to declare the nomiua
lion.
The chair put the question and declared
that General Buckner was the nominee
of the National Democratic party for
Vice - President. This announcement,
like the other, was followed by
loud cheering and by th*j procession
of the standards, that of Kentucky, being
carried by a colored man. During the
procession the band played "America,' 1
"Yankee Doodle" and '-Dixie," and the
enthusiasm was great. The following res
olution was offered by Mr. Bioadhead of
Missouri and carried :
Resolved, That the National Committee shall
have full power to arrange for the placing of
all candidates nominated by the National Con
vention on the ballots of the respective States
in the manner required by the election laws
of said States; thai said committee have power
to all vacancies, to arrange for the notification
of the candidates nominated by the conven
tion, and generally to exercise the powers of
this convention alter the adjournment thereof.
The usual resolutions of thanks were
adopted, and then at 4:15 p. si. the con
vention adjourned to the singing of "Auld
Lang Syne."
BYNUM IS CHAIRMAN.
Organization of the National Com
mittee of the National
Democracy.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ira., Sept. 3.— The
new National Committee of the National
Democracy assembled at the Grand Hotel
shortly after adjournment. There was a
nearly complete attendance of the mem
bers. Messrs. Palmer and Bucfcner were
on hand, but made no extended remarks.
The committee selected W. D. Bynumof
Indiana as chairman. John B. Frenzel of
Indiana was continued as treasurer. Chair
man Bynum was authorized to appoint an
executive committee of nine members,
himself to be chosen ex-offlcio, which com
mittee is to determine the location of head
quarters for the campaign.
It was decided that the notification of
candidates should take place at Louisville
on the 12th inst. The following is a re
vised list of the new committee as far as
completed:
[ Alabama, J. M. Falkner; Arkansas, C.
B.Moore; California, E. B. Pond; Colo
rado, Loui? R. Ehrich; Delaware, J. S.
Ros«elle; Florida, D. G. GaDler; Giorgio,
Thomas F. Corrigan; Illinois, Ben" T.
Cable; Indiana, John R. Wilson; lowa,
L. !N. Martin; Kansas, Eugene Hagan ;
Kentucky, Zack Phelps; Louisiana,
M. R. Shelmann; Maine, C. V.
Holman; Maryland, Wiiliam Pinkney
White; Massachussetts, Nathan Matthews
Jr.; Michigan, Thomas A. Wilson;
Mississippi, H. M. Street; Minnesota, W.
F. McCutcheon; Montana, A. H. Nelson;
Missouri, L. C. Krauthoff; Nebraska,
Euchd Martin ; New Hampshire, Gordon
Woodbury; New Jersey, W. J. Curtis;
New York, Charles Tracey; North Caro
lina, Loui3 de la Croix; North Dakota, h.
L. Whitehead; Ohio, Talford P. Linn;
Oregon, C. E. S. Wood; Rhode Island, c!
C. Munford; South Carolina, W. R. Davie-
South Dakota, John B. Hanlon; Tennes
see. Michael Savage ; Texas, H. L. Craw
ford; Vermont, W. H. Creamer; Virginia,
Joseph Buning; Washington, Hugh C.
Wallace; West Virginia, Randolph Stal
maker; Wisconsin, elllis B. Usher*
Arizona, P. J. Cole; New Mexico, W. b'
Childs.
Senator Palmer in an interview to-night
said: "I had a sincere hope that General
Bragg would be nominated. I believe he
would have oeen the man for the place and
my choice all along has been for him."
When asked what he proposed to do
during the campaign Senator Palmer re
plied that he was unable to talk intelli
gently yet upon tbe subject "This thing
has come upon me so suddenly that it is
impossible for me to say just what we
shall do or how we shall do it," continued
the Senator. "Th.at we shall make an ac
tive campaign goes without the saying.
Our platform is one upon which every true
Democrat can stand."
Senator Palmer expects to participate in
the campaign as freely as possible, but
whether success would come from to-day's
work he could not predict.
A crowd of about 2000 gathered in front
of the Denison House this evening, and
with several bands serenaded the candi
dates. The crowd sent up great shouts
for Palmer. He appeared upon the bal
cony and received an ovation. After
thanking them for their warm greeting he
said, in part:
"Our chances of winning in this election
are not very glowing, but I feel that by
some providential blessing we will suc
ceed. It is a great battle we are engaged
in, and I think every soldier in the ranks
is true and loyal."
General Buckner, who was also vigor
ously called for, made a few pleasant but
earnest remarks.
Colonel Fellows of New York spoke.
The two candidates held a levee at their
hotel, lasting through the whole evening.
JONES NOT TALKATIVE.
Neither Knows Nor Cares Any-
thing: About the Nomination
of Palmer.
CHICAGO, IdL., Sept. 3.— The nomina
tion of General Palmer for President and
General Buckner for Vice-President by
the sound-money Democratic National
Convention was very favorably commented
upon at Republican headquarters this
evening. Chairman Hahn of the Speakers'
Bureau declared tbe ticket as "strong as
the Democrats could hay* made it," and
added that if the nominations had been
made by the united Democracy he would
consider it a very strong ticket.
At Democratic National headquarters
Chairman Joiieb replied as follows to in
quiries as to bis opinion of the new ticket :
"I did not nominate Senator Palmer; I
don't know anything about it and care
much less. That is all I have to say about
the matter."
RECORD OF PALMER.
Somethinsr About the Man Named
for President by Sound
Money Democrats.
John M. Palmer was born in Eagle Creek,
Scott County, Kentucky, September 13,
1817. He m^ved to Illinois in 1832 and
settled in Carlinville in" 1839. He was ad
mitted to the bar in 1849, and was a mem
ber of the State Senate in 1852-54. He was
a delegate to the National Rtpublican
Convention in 185G, 3 Presidential elector
on the Republican ticket in 1860 and a
delegate to tie peace convention in Wash
ington, FeDruary 4, 1861.
He was elected colonel of the Four
teenth Illinois Volunteer? in April, 1861.
He accompanied General John C. Fre
! Mont in his expedition to Springfield, Mo.,
I and was commissioned brigadier general
lof Volunteers December 20, 1S(J1. He was
with General John Pope at the capture of
New Madrid and Island No. 10, and after
ward commanded the First Brigade, First
Division of the Army of the Mississippi.
In November, 1862, he was with General
Crant's army in temporary command of a
division.
Subsequently he led a division at the
battle ol Stone" River, and for his gallantry
there he was promoted to Major-General
of Volunteers November 29, 1862. He took
part in the battle of Chickamauga and led
the Fourteenth corps in the Atlanta cam
paign from May until September, 1864
lie was Governor of Illinois from 1869
until 1873. He is at present United States
Senator from Illinois.
SIMON BOLIVAR BUCKNER.
Sketch cf the Life of the Nominee
of the Gold Democrats for
Vice-President.
Simon Bolivar Buckner, tbe nominee of
the gold wing of the Democratic party for
Vice- President of the United States, is by
birth a Kentuckian, and is now in hij
seventy-fourth yeai. He is one of the
most prominent and most respected sons
of the South. His career has been an
eventful one. Being graduated from the
United States Military Academy at West
Point in 1844, he entered the Second
United States Infantry, and from August,
1845, till May, 1846, was assistant professor
of ethics at West Point. He made a gal
lant record in the Mexican \Var. being
brevetted first lieutenant for heroic con
duct at Contreras and Churubusco, where
he was wounded, and captain for his
bravery at Mo lino del Rey. From August,
184S, to March, 1855, he was assistant in
structor of infantry tactics at West Point,
resigning to become superintendent of
construction of the Chicago Custom
house. In the same year, 1855, he was
chosen as colonel of the volunteers raised
in Illinois for an expedition against Mor
mons and Indians in Utah, but not mus
tered into service. He then practiced law
and became one of the most prominent of
the Knights of the Golden Circle in Ken
tucky.
After the Civil War began he was made
commander of the State Guard of Ken
tucky and adjutant-general of the State.
September 12, 1861, he issued an address
to the people of tue Blue Grass State, call
ing upon them to take up arms against
what he termed "the usurpation" of Abra
ham Lincoln, and immediately afterward
he occupied Bowling Green. After the
capture of Fort Henry he evacuated that
place and withdrew to Fort Donelson,
where he commanded a brigade in the
battles of February 13, 14 and 15, 1862. He
remained here after his superior officers.
Generals Pillow and Floyd, had fled, and
on February 16 surrendered to General
Grant with 16,000 prisoners and vast
stores. He was imprisoned at Fort War
ren, Boston, uniil exchanged in August,
1862. He subsequently commanded the
1 first division of General Hardee's corps in
Braeg'a army in Tennessee. Later he was
made a major-general, and was in the
battles of Murfreesboro and Chickamaaga,
surrendering witti Kirby Smith's army to
Osterhaus, at Baton Roujje, May 26, 1865.
General Buckner's first wife waia daugh
ter of Major Kingsbury.
General Buckner was one of the pall
bearers at the funeral of General Ulysses
S. Grant, the man to whom he surren
dered his sword at Fort Donelson. In
1884, when Grant's fortune was wiped out
through the infamous schemes of Fer
dinand Ward in a New York bancing
house, Buckner was one of the farst to
proffer aid. Grant wa3 bankruDt, and
Buckner without delay telegraphed the
famous old commander to draw on him
for $20,000 without security. As $20,000
.va.s the extent of Buckner's fortune at the
time, the sacrifice he was willing to make
bespoke him every inch a man worthy of
Grant's friendship and honor. During
the war Buskner was regarded as a hard
fighter, a strict disciplinarian and an
honorable, conscientious man. He was
moved always by his sense of right and
justice. No one questioned his sincerity of
purpose, and if he erred it was an error of
judgment.
la 1887 Buckner was elected Governor of
Kentucky. In the convention that nom
inated him a question arose as to his age
and vigor. While these matters were
being discussed General Buckner arose,
and^the assemokee gave ear to him.
"Gentlemen Gi the convention," said
the veteran of the loat cause, "I desire
to be excused for a while. My object is
domestic; I want to run down to the
house and see tho wife and the new
babies."
Tnat brought down the house. The dis
cussion was killed right there. The storm
of enthusiasm which buried the opposi
tion swept General Buckner into the nom
ination, and nomination then on the
Democratic ticket in Kentucky meant
election.
IS IXCEXIU^ItX's AWFVJj CRIMI
luo Children Suffocated and Their
Mother JSarrotely Escape* Death.
CHADKOX, Nebr., Sept. 3.— The two
children of Assistant Postmaster Danley,
aged respectively four years and fourteen
months, were suffocated by smoke from a
fire in the family home early this morn
ing. They were dead when found. The
parents narrowly escaped a like fate.
Physicians worked for hours with Mrs.
Danley before restoring her to conscious
ness.
There is little doubt that the fire was of
incendiary origin. Fumes of coal oil were
detected in all parts of the house, and a
water sprinkler in which it had been used
was discovered in the kitchen. Theories
as to the guilty person, almost too horrible
to be possible, are advanced, but open ac
cusations will not be made until the hre is
thoroughly investigated.
An Attachment for firer.
RACINE, Wis., Sept 3.— The brewery
of J£. Klinkert has been seized by the
Sheriff on a judgment note in favor of a
Milwaukee mailing company. The assets
are said to be $200,000, while the liabilities
will not reach over half or three-quarters
of that sum. Klinkert's friends claim
that he has been wiped out by the brewery
combine.
Robert Beattif Pardoned
HARRISBURG, P.v., Sept. 3. — The
Board of Pardon3 yesterday recommended
a pardon in the case of Robert Beatty,
the alleged Homestead poisoner. The
case of John Bardsley, the defaulting ex-
Treasurer of Philadelphia, will be consid
ered on Friday.
Civil Service at the City Hal
Every other progressive city in the Union
that has adopted a modern charter has incor
porated strone provisions in favor of civil
service. The excellent article of the new char
ter on civil service will be fully explained by
prominent speakers at the mass-meeting to
night at Metropolitan Temple. Everybody is
invited to attend. •
JLnuxKrillf War Ended,
LOUISVILLE. £t., Sept. 3.— The Mayor
and Board of Aldermen to-night expunged
from the records all the impeachment pro
ceeding against the Board of Safety which
occurred after the serving of Judge Tonev's
injunction. This will absolve them from
contempt of court.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Hello! Another big advertisement, and, I sup-
pose, as usual, it says one thing and means
ano.her."
Hear what ROOS BROS, have
to — then come and see what
they DO.  . '
Reefer Suits for 3 to 10 year
old boys-— large collars trimmed
with Hercules braid, cuffs also
braided, medium and dark
shades, tip -top style — our
(ROOS BROS.) price, $1 75. ♦
Breezy Sailor Suits for 3 to 12
year old boys, navy blue, long
pants, with lanyard and whistle;
very nobby; our (ROOS BROS.)
price, $3 75.
Boys' Long Pants Suits, extra-
ordinary value for the money;
our (ROOS BROS.) price, $4. "
Largest assortment of Boys'
and Children's Overcoats in town
KEARWSfcy
MAIL ORDERS A SPECIALTY. ;
DRMCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPK.
dallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES Or MEN ONLY. He stow
Discharges; cares secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and Swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of th*
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. -
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused Dy Mar-
cury and other Poisonous JJrucs.
Dr. McNulty's -methods are regular and scien-
t ific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable). ■•■■••
Hours— 9 to 3 daily; 6:80 to 8:80 evenings. San-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confidential. . Call on or address
P. KOSCOB UoNCLTT, M. D.,
86% Kearny St., Sac l'ranclsco, Cal.
SOT Beware of strangers who try to talk to yoa
•bout your - disease on the streets or elsewhere
' They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
BRUSH ES j£* : ssssss' -«•
UllVyllkUhouses, billiard - table*
brewers, bookbinders, - candy-makers, canneri
dyers, flourinills, foundries, laundries, nan»r3
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, itani*.
■us, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc «-«*•■
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers* 609 SacramentoStiCRUISERS THAT
CANNOT CRUISE
Unable to Carry Sufficient
Coal to Cross the
Atlantic.
ALTERATIONS IN ORDER
The Bancroft and Cincinnati Un
able to Steam to Con
stantinople.
DUTY AT THE DARDANELLES.
Naval Authorities BLde to Feel the
Need of Foreign Fuel Supply
Stations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept 3.-The
Navy Department has issued orders that
the alterations to be made in tbe practice
cruiser, to nt her for her new duties inside
the Dardanelles, shall be vigoronsly
pushed. Accordingly two gangs of men
will work on her day and night.
The State Department people do not an
ticipate that serious objection to the ap
proach of the Bancroft will be made by
the Porte; indeed, there is no ground
short of absolute arbitrary indiscretion
which would induce tbe Sultan to protest
against the diminutive warship. The
Cincinnati of course will not accompany
the Bancroft into the prohibited waters,
unless something should arise which
would set aside all the so-called obliga
tions of the Paris treaty.
It is quite an event in the history of the
nary, this determination to have the Ban
croft get into Constantinople's harbor.
The Nipsic once passed tbe Dardanelles,
and some years later the Quinnebaug.
That ship, in fact, made three trips
within a short period to Constantinople,
remaining on one occasion about fifteen
days. This was while General Lew Wal
lace was Minister there, ana he procured
the necessary permission for the Ameri
can ship to enter. The visit was the oc
casion of long conferences between Ad
miral Nicholson and Minister Wallace
UDon Turkish affairs.
There is much to be done to both the
Bancroft and the Cincinnati before either
ship can sail. The Bancroft has a coal
capacity of but 90 tons, despite the sup
posed bunker capacity of 120 tons. It will
be necessary to materially increase this
capacity or the suu> will not be able to
steam across tbe ocean at even a low rate
of speed. It is planned now to convert two
cadet storerooms into coal-bunkers, and
this, tne constructors, clinging to the
original fiction of 120 tons, say will give
the ship a bunker capacity of about 200
tons. It is expected that when all the
work is accomplished the ship will not be
able to carry more than 150 tons of coal,
which, engineers say, will not be sufficient
to take her across tne Atlantic at eight
knots' speed. It is likely that she will be
obliged to stop at the Azores for fuel en
route to Turkey.
It appears that the Cincinnati, with her
400- ton coal capacity, is little better off
than tbe Bancroft, and it will be neces
sary for that ship also to stop somewhere
en route for coal. This is a subject which
is being brought to the attention of the
naval authorities with much force just at
this time. Here are two cruisers sup
posed to be competent for trans-Atlantic
voyaging suddenly called upon for service
in the Mediterranean, and neither is able
to reach tne other side without undergo
ing large expense in securing increased
bunker capacity, and even then the pos
sibility of reaching their destination is
problematical. This condition suggests
once more the need of adequate sources of
foreign fuel supply, if snips cannot be
built tor cruising purposes capable of car
rying sufficient fuel.
NEG HOES AT ANNAPOLIS.
little Likelihood That the Colored Ap
plicant* Will He Admttted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 3. -The
examinations of the newly appointed
Naval Academy cadets began to-day.
Eighty-eight candidates reported, but
neither of the two negro lads, whose ap
pointment has created such a sensation,
is present One of them, named Wheeler,
was appointed by a Ch»cago Congressman.
The California iad's name is Jackson, but
the Navy Department absolutely refuses
to name the representative who appointed
either of them.
Admiral Ramsay was especially sur
prised at the report of the appointments.
He anticipated trouble among the cadets
should the colored candidates meet all re
quirements and be admitted, but says
that the white boys will be made to suffer
if they show the least signs of rebelling
against the colored youths, or 'attempt in
any way to treat them differently from
their white classmates. The colored boys,
he states, are entitled under the law to
equal treatment with the white, and will
receive it from the academy staff. He,
however, regrets that they should have
been appointed in the first instance.
* Captain Cooper is known to be an excel
lent disciplinarian and will not counte
nance any conduct tending to infringe on
the regulations or laws governing the ad
ministration of the institution. Any white
cadet who may attempt to haze, "run" or
otherwise annoy the colored youths will
unquestionably suffer serious conse
quences.
Admiral Ramsay this evening, in a dis
cussion of the phase presented by the ap
pointment of the two boys, stated that
several years ago a colored boy entered
Annapolis from Baltimore, but that his
identity was not discovered lor several
months, and this by an accident. The boy,
however, failed to meet requirements and
was dismissed. Not many years ago a
cadet was graduated at the Annapolis
academy, who was generally believed to
be colored, although. he strenuously de
nied the allegation. The young man com
pleted the four years' course, stood high in
his class and then resigned.
An officer in the medical department
rnak.is a very significant comment. "These
young men are not yet cadets at the
academy," he says. "They have not yet
passed their physical examinations, and
have yet to undergo one ordeal, wnich is a
source of constant defeat to the r.mbition
of colored boys eager to enter the academy.
It is the eye, which in the negro is seldom
found to be up to the requirements de
manded by the academy.
"It does not readily master. shade and
tone of color, nor does it equal the white
eye for sighting objects at a distance. I
shall feel surprised if both boys are not
fouud deficient in eyesight. That will be
an easy solution of the entire difficulty."
It is impossible not to understand what
the officer meant.
NATAL ACADEMY CHANGES.
A Sumber of th* Instructor* Detached
From the Institution.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept. 3.—Pro
fessor L. F. Prudhomme, whom every
naval officer will remember as the in
structor of languages at the naval
academy for the past decade, has been
ordered to the retired list on September
21. Lieutenant-Commander F. M. Wise
will be assigned as head of the department
of languages. Oilier changes in the ■
academy board include Lieutenant-Com
mander Harry Knox of the department of
mechanics and Lieutenant W. P. Potter,
head of the department of English studies.
Chaplain Frank Thompson has been de
tached from the receiving ship Indepen
dence, ordered home on waiting orders,
and Lieutenant W. S. Hughes ordered to
take charge of the San Francisco branch
hydrographic office on October 1. Ensign
L. B. Desteigner has been detached from
tne office of naval intelligence and ordered
to Michiean.
COAST ARMY CHANGES.
Officer* That May or May Sot Appre
ciate New Scene*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 3.— First
Lieutenant Samuel W- Dunning, Six
teenth Infantry, is detailed as professor of
military science and tactics at the Agri
cultural College at Logan, Utah, to take
effect September 20. 1896. He will relieve
First Lieutenant Henry D. Styer, Thir
teenth Infantry. A leave of absence for
two months, to take effect September 20,
1896, is granted Lieutenant Styer.
First-Lieutenant Reuben B. Turner,
Sixth Infantry, will proceed from Fort
Wingate, N. M., to W T illianis, Ariz., and
Albuquerque, N. M., on official business
of the Quartermaster's Department, per
taining to construction work at Fort Win
gate; Commissary Sergeant Frank Her
ron (appointed September 1, 1896, from
Sergeant Battery L, Fifth Artillery), now
at the Presidio at San Francisco, Cal.,
will be sent to Fort Huac uca, Ariz.
The following transfers in the Fifth
Artillery are ordered to take effect Octo
ber 1: First Lieutenant Harvey C. Car
baugh, from Battery C to Light Battery D ;
First Lieutenant Charles G. Treat, from
Light Battery D to Battery C; First Lieu
tenant Charles S. Riche, Corps of En
gineers, will be relieved ny Captain George
McU. Denbv, Corps of Engineers, and will
proceed to Fort St. Philip, La., and relieve
Major James B. Quinn, Corps of En
gineers, of the fortification worts now in
his charge.
GRAND ARMY VETERANS.
They Will Be Entertained Next
Year in Buffalo, New
York.
Report of the Pension Committee at
the Present Encampment
at St. Panl.
ST. PAUL. Minn., Bet>t. 3. — Buffalo
will entertain the Grand Army of the Re
public next year. It did not take the Na
tional encampment Jong to settle that
question, which in other years has pro
voked a lively contest. Denver, the only
other city which presented a request,
withdrew before a ballot was taken.
Admiral Meade's name will not be pre
sented to the encampment to-moirow.
He realized to-day that he had no chance
of election. New York is now solid for
Linehan, but Pennsylvania is divided,
and it looks to-night as though the com
mand of the G. A. R. until next Septem
ber will be placed in the hands of Major
Clarkson of Omaha.
At the afternoon session of the encamp
ment the repurt of the pension committee
was presented and referred to a commit
tee to report on its recommendations.
The report referred to the act passed in
1894, providing that pensions should not
be withheld until after a judicial hearing
by the Commissioner of Pensions, and
added: "The administration of the
Pension Bureau has continued as though
the provision referred to was but waste
paper, and the feeling of uncertainty and
doubt has been but slightly, if to any ex
tent, allayed. It is in vain that wise, just
and patriotic laws be passed if they are to
be administered with an evil eye and an
unequal hand."
The committee reported that it had
urged the speedy passage by tßt Fifty
fourth Congress of the House bin, which
was drawn for the purpose, so far as pos
sible, of restricting the hostile administra
tion of the Pension Bureau and of com
pelling a fair and liberal construction and
enforcement of the laws of Congress on
the subject of pensions. The House passed
the bill, but the Senate failed to act on it,
and on that account the unsatisfactory
condition still obtained in the administra
tion of the bureau. It was recommended
that the encampment speak clearly and
distinctly, so that its meaning cannot be
misunderstood by any one, urging upon
the Senate the necessity for the prompt
passage of tne bill in all its essential fea
tures as passed by the House.
The committee made no recommenda
tion as to the two sections in the bill. One
provides, that soldiers who lacked honor
able discharge from pay or service stiould
be entitled to a pension if they bad been
honorably discharged from a later term
of service. The other section extends a
pension to those wtio were forced into Con
federate service at the opening of the war
by the severe conscription law, but joined
the Union army as quickly as they could,
being Union men at heart. It is designed
to bar the soldier of fortune who fought
on both sides; also such Confederates as
were released from Johnsons Island
toward the close of the war, on- condition
that they would join the Union army.
Sufch men the Grand Army will not admit
to its ranks, and it does not want to see
them pensioned.
The special committee which was ap
pointed last year on the extension of the
army membership and privileges to the
Sons of Veterans reported in faver of al
lowing them to visit G. A. R. posts and
accord them membership after a proba
tion of six months without the right to
vote, and give them the laiter power when
it was seen the Grand Army membership
was seriously diminishing.
A minority report was presented modi
fying these privileges.
Tliie comjnittee considered the service
j pension proposition, which allows a
monthly pension to all qualified veterans
I at the rate of one cent for every day of
actual service, omitting time spent in hos
pitals.
The second session of the Ladies of the
G. A. R. convention was held to-day.
There was a contest for president, Mrs.
Catherine E. Hurst being elected. Mrs.
A. D. Anderson of Minneapolis was se
lected senior vice-president and Mrs.
Sarah C. Mason of Nebraska junior vice
president.
Almont a Holocaust.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Sept. 3.— This
morning an electric-car bound for the
State Fair grounds was run into by a
Minneapolis and St. Liouis train at St
Anthony Park. The car was thrown from
the track and smashed. Nobody was
killed but six were injured. The motor
man is blamed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
ORATOR BRYAN'S
TONGUE NOT IDLE
Talk of the Candidate on
the Theme of Cheap
Dollars.
SEES NO OTHER ISSUE.
Says the Objectionable Features
in the Chicago Platform
Are Popular.
CONTINUES TO DEAW CROWDS.
As a Public Curiosity the Daily Per
formances of the Nebraskan Are
Well Attended.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Sept. 3.—Notwithstand
ing he was greatly fatigued after yester
day's arduous trip and two speeches last
niiilit, Bryan was around early this morn
ing. Alter breaktast he received a dele
gation of local Democrats, who had called
to take formal leave of the candidate. At
the station a small crowd gathered and
heartily cheered the nominee. The train
left at 7:45 o'clock over the Lake Shore for
Adrian and other Michigan points.
HUDSON, Mich., Sept. 3.— Bryan made
his first bow to a Michigan audience at
Blissfield, where 500 enthusiastic people
had gathered. Adrian, with its quota of
1500 and a brass band, seconded Bliss
field's welcome in a hearty manner, and
received a few remarks from the candidate.
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Sept. 3.— Mr. Bryan
made a few remarks at Hudson and Hills
dale. At Jonesville there was a throng of
nearly 2000 people, a large proportion be
ing women. The usual wild scramble in
an endeavor to shake the candidate's
hand was witnessed. The same w.as re
peated at Quincy and Coldwater, Micb.
At Sturgis, where Mr. Bryan was met by
the Elkhart committee with a special
train, he found another great crowd and
made an address which was warmly
cheered. Among other points he repeated
hit query :
If tbe gold standard Is a good thine why
does the Republican party pledge itself to get
rid ot it as noon as other nations will come to
our help? [Applause. ] If the gold standard
is a bad thing then why keep that bad thing
for a single moment? The American people
are entitled to good things. They are not de
serving of being punished with bad things
that other nations may want to Impose upon
them. We will not consult the nations oi the
earth when we desire to set up a Government
for our ourselves.
Neither should we consult them when we
want to establish a financial policy of our
own. [Applause.] The Republican party has
done what no party heretotore has done. It
has declared that we must endure a financial
system that is satisfactory to European na
tions until those European'natious come to us
and permit us to have what we ourselves
want. [App'.ausc] I am i.ot surprised that
Fcople are feeling interested in this campaign.
am not surprised that there is nn earnestness
that has not often been manifested before.
Mr. Bryan arrived at Elkhart shortly
after noon and was given a hearty greeting
at the railway station by 2000 or more peo
ple. A procession in which appeared
many local Democrats, members of silver
clubs, escorted Mr. and Mrs. Bryan to a
hotel, where dinner was served.
Governor Claude Matthews met Mr.
Bryan here and presided at the o;>en-air
meeting held late in the day. The mem
bers of the local reception committee with
a number of ladies deputed to receive Mrs.
Bryan marched in line from the hotel to
what is known as "The Isiand," Eikhart's
public park.
There fully 8000 people were assembled
around a temporary stand profusely decor
ated. Jonas O. Hoover, a local attorney,
introduced Governor Matthews, who was
given three ringing cheers, and the Gov
ernor, in turn, witnout wasting words,
presented the Democratic candidate as the
next President. Mr. Bryan was enthusi
astically cheered.
Mr. Bryan spoKe of the pleasure it gave
him to enter the great State of Indiana and
be welcomed by its distinguished execu
tive. He continued:
We are entering upon a campaign which
stirs men's hearts— a campaign which is draw-
Ing out the interests of the people. I have
not, in my journey from Nebraska, to the sea,
found a single lukewarm person. I have found
some against us, but everybody was for or
against us— no idlers any Where. [Applause.]
This shows the Anif-ricuu people are realizing
their responsibility and preparing to exercise
with intelligence and patriotism th.- right of
suffrage when election day arrives. 1 find here
a little slip printed upon an appropriate color
—yellow. [Laughter.] It says : "1, the under
sigued, a blank iv the employ of blank"— that
is a very appropriate blank, because the
man who issued this considered the employe
a blank. [Laughter.] "I, a blank Democrat
in the employ of the Blank Railroad Com
pany." It ought to be blaiik"ty blank, blank,
blank, [<ire.it laughter.] "Hereby make ap
plication ior membership in the Railway
Men's .Sound-money Club." Why don't they
say gold club? Why do they attempt to con
ceal the word "gold" under the euphonious
name of sound money? [A voice— They are
ashamed of it.] Yes, I believe that is the
reason, "Do hereby pledge myself to use my
vote and influence."
There is one good thing in this sltp. If they
attempt to tell you how to vote, point to this
and tell them it is my vote and not yoxirs'
"And do hereby pledge myself to use my vote
and influence for the defeat of free coinage at
the forthcoming National election." Pay at
tention to this: "Believing; that such free
coiuage of silver would be injurious to my
personal interests as an earner ol wages as well
as disastrous to the United States as a Nstion "
If the wage-earner ought to sign a statement
declaring the free coinage of silver injurious
to his personal interests I want to ask you
why the advocates of the gold standard who
nro engaged in other kinds oi business do not
make same statement in regard to their busi
ness?
They want it understood the laboring man
is influenced by personal imprests, but these
great leaders of the gold standard are simply
interested in the public woal. There is a great
difference between those who advocate bimet
allism and those who advocate h gold nan
dnrd. Ask ,i farmer why he wants bimetallism
and he says because it would be good for him.
He is not worrying about somebody else.
He has troubles enough of his own. It is the
same with a laboring man. ot a business man
or professional man. Ask a financier why he
favors the gold standard. Will he tell you be
cause it is good for him? You never heard one
of themsny it. [Laughter.] They want some
thiug that will help somebody else. 1 am
afraid some of our opponents add the crime of
hypocrisy to the sin ot avarice. There are
prfnciplei which underlie the money question
principles which you must understand before
you can enter Into a discussion of the money
question, and the first great principle is that
the value of a dollar depends on the number
of dollars.
You have to learn that scarce money means
dear money and that you can change the pur
chasing power of a dollar whenever you can
change tne number of dollars. Our opponents
dispute this, some of them, but no writer on
political economy will tell you that volume is
immaterial.
N o\v, my friends, I assert that when the Gov
ernment prohibits the making of a dollar by
an individual then the Government assumes
the solemn duty of cn-ating enough dollars lor
the people to do business witn. [Applause.]
Yet the very people who invoked the law oi
1573 to strike down a part of the people's
money now deny the right, of the people to in
voke the lnw to replenish the currency of the
Nation. [Cheers.]
I know that whenever we express an opinion
on the money question we subject our
selves to the contempt of the New York finan
ciers. There is a conspiracy among the
money-changers to enslave the producers of
wealth. It is an international conspiracy en
tered into by men who lore tbe dollars and
the dominations of foreign nations better than
they love their flag. [Great applause.]
We do not like to be called anarchibtn, but I
would rather be what our opponents call an
anarchist than to confess mat 70,000,000 of
people are not able to attend to their own
business. Some of them are now leaving the
Democratic party, they say for the country's
good, but I believe tflat they have left the
party for the party's good. [Great applause.]
The very parts ot" the Chicago platform which
have been ruost hateful to the men who have
used the Democratic party for private gain
and their country for puDlic plunder are dear
est to the musses of the American people.
[Great applause.] Wo expected some of them
to go. We knew that some of our generals
would go. But we knew that battles are won
by the lighting of private soldiers more than
by the fighting of gtnerals. We can't nave
their moral support, but we'll get along with
out theirimmoral incubus also. [Laughter.] We
won't have their approval but it is a very
high-priced approval unyhow to buy iv these
hard times under a gold standard. [Great
laughter and applause.]
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Sept. 3.— The
presence in South Bend of William Jen
nings Brvan was made the occasion of a
Democratic pally to-night in the "Govern
ment Lot." Like the open-air meetings
at Columbus and Toledo this week,
the affair was remarkable in the
vast concourse of people that gath
ered to hear the nominee speak.
With the thousands of excursionists who
came from many points in Indiana find
Michigan to augment the presence of in
terior townspeople the crowd numbered
about 25,000. Mr. and Mrs. Bryan were
escorted to the scene of the meeting by a
number cf local and visiting silver clubs,
many having bands with them. Senator
Blackburn and B. J. Shiveley, Democratic
candidate for Governor, were on the stand.
George Feldman, chairman of the Dem
ocratic County Committee, opened the
meeting and was followed by Mr. Shhe
ley, who presented Mr. Bryan. There
was almost a panic just after Mr. Bryan
began, owing to the attempts of those who
came late to get into position near enough
to hear. The pressure from the outside
started the crowd swaying back and forth
and as this spread over the vast macs of
humanity the throng became a series of
surging waves that caused some excite
meut. Mr. Bryan was obliged to pause
and Mr. Sbively, realizing the serious
aspect of affairs, began addressing the
people in calm, clear tones, begging for
order. His words brought the audience
to its senses and Mr. Bryan went on.
When the cheering that greeted him had
ceased he spoke as follows:
Our opponents are in the habit ef declaring
the money question to be considered by the
masses of the people and our form of Govern
ment is based upon the theory that the Ameri
can people not only have the patriotism, but
the intelligence necessary to sit in judgment
upon auy question which can arise. When I
find an American who says that the money
question is too complicated for you I generally
nnd a man who says that it is just complicated
enough for him. [Laughter.] I want to argue
this question on the theory that you are able
to decide for yourselves how the question
affects you.
At this point the surging in the crowd
began to look serious, and Mr. Bryan, after
appealing for order, sat down. Mr.
Shiveley also begged the audience to re
main quiet. Finally Mr. Bryan was
enabled ta continue, and said:
I want to talk about some questions which
are asked, that you may better answer them
In your conversation with your neighbors. I
suppose there arc several different classes of
people here. There may be those wno believe
in a gold standard because they are benefited
by it. If there are sucn lam not very hopeful
of bringing them to bimetallism.
I have learned that, as a ru!e, people are in
clined to judge others by themselves ; they
take it for grunted that the thing Is eood for
others, and when a man makes up his mind
that a gold standard is good for him he is gen
erally willing to take it lor granted that it is
good for everybody else. I say 11 mere are
those who are benefited oy a gold standard I
am not hopeful of converting them. If, how
ever, there are those who advocated the gold
standard under the mistaken idea that it
would be a good thing for them, I hope I may
be able to lead them to a better understanding
of the subject.
If there are bimetailists here who have been
troubled by questions put to them which thov
could not readily answer, I desire to suggest
answers to some of those questions in order to
aid you in your work of spreading this gospel.
If there are those who believe in bimetallism,
I deiire to deepen their conviction. How tbe
first question to be considered is, what in au
honest dollar? We heor people talking about
honest money. What do they mean by honest
money? Did you ever hoar an advocate of the
go d standard give the definition of an honest
dollar? 1 will tell you the definition which
you generally hear. It is this: An honest
dollar is a dollar which when melted lose*
none of its value. That is what they teli you
is au honest dollar.
I want :o say to you, my friends, that the
man who gives to you that definition of an
honest dollar has yet to learn the first princi
ples of mouetary science. [Applause.]
An Honest dollar is a dollar which retains
the same general purchasing power, yesterday,
to-day aud forever. [Great applause. l That
would be an honest dollar. Purchasing power
is the test of honesty. A dollar which rises in
purchasing power is'just as dishonest as a dol
lar which falls in purchasing power.
SEWALL LUYAD TO BRYAM.
But Me Bat Ao Intention of Withdrate-
ing from the Ticket.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 3.— Several days
ago Chairman Jones of the Democratic
Committee wrote Arthur Sewail stating
that many Democrats throughout the
country, and especially throughout the
West, were objecting to fusion with the
Populists on the electoral tickets for the
reason that they do not wish to be disloyal
to Mr. Sewail. In reply to Senator Jones
Mr. Sewail forwarded the following copy
of a letter written to Mr. Bryan :
Bath, Me., July 25. 1896.
Hon. W. J. Bryan, Lincoln, A'tbr.— My Dkab
Mb. Bryan: In view of the action of the St.
Louis convention to-day I cannot refrain from
giving you my thought on the situation. My
advices are that you have been nominated for
President and Mr. Watson for Vice-President.
I also learn through press dispatches that you
are somewhat undecided whether you ought
to accept or decline. Now, I desire to say to
you, with the utmost frankness and good ft_-el
ing, that you must not allow any personal con
sideration for me to influence you in your
action.
I desire that you will do Just what you be
lieve la best for the success of the head
of the ticket. The principles we are
fighting for are so paramount to any personal
considerations that the latter shonld not have
any weight or influence whatever iv your ac
tion. I cannot for a moment allow myself to
he a factor iv any action on your part that
would in the slightest degree hazard an elec
tornl vote lor you.
With kind regurds to Mrs. Bryan, and be
lieve me your sincere friend,
Arthur Sewall.
Chairman Jones, referring to the above
letter, said: "The talk about the retire
ment of our candidate for Vice- President
is too absurd to be seriously considered.
Mr. Sewall's letter, written just after the
nomination of Mr. Bryan by t!ie St. Louis
convention, is a splendid illustration of
his loyalty to his associate on the Demo
cratic National ticket. He sees no embar
assment whatever in Mr. Bryan's nomina
tion for President by another party and
upon another ticket, but believes it to be
an important step toward certain victory
for the same cause. It Is a complete
answer to the efforts of the gold Democrats
to create the impression that Mr. Sewall
will retire under any circumstances, to say
that the Democratic party and the Na
tional organization are just as loyal to Mr.
Sewail as he himself is to Mr. Bryan and
the great cause of the common people."
Carrying Out the fusion Plan.
LINCOLN, Nkbr., Sept. 3.— Democrats
of the Fourth Congressional district held
their contention here to-day and with al
most complete unanimity indorsed the
candidacy of Judge W. L. Stark of Aurora,
already nominated by the Populists. This
is pan of tne plan of fusion which will bi«
follovred in ail the Congressional districts
oi the State.
Temperance Union Convention.
CHICAGO, IlI", Sept. 3.— The Union
Signal to-day contains the official call for
the twenty -third annual convention of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
to be held in St. Louis, November 13,
1896. The call states that the proceedings
of this convention will be similar to those
of the previous conventions.
Lady Henry Somerset, vice-president of
the W. C. T. U. ; Miss Agnes Slack, secre
tary of the W. C. T. U. ; Countess Scbim
melano of Norway and Mrs. Maud Bal
lington Booth are among the guests who
will attend.
OPENS IOWA'S
BIG CAMPAIGN
Senator Allison Speaks on
the Vital Issues of
the Day.
GOOD MONEY IS NEEDED
Commerce Demands Its Use
Until International Bimetal*
lism Is Secured.
PROTECTION ALSO CHAMPIONED
Two Meetings at Each of Which
Four Thousand People Assemble
in a Tent.
DES MOINEB, lowa, Sept. 3.— The Re
publican campaign in Central lowa was
opened here this afternoon and evening.
Senator Allison spoKe in the afternoon
and Congressman Robert Cousins in the
evening. Both meetings were held in a
tent seating 4000 people, and it was filled
on each occasion. Major E. H. Conger,
candidate for elector at large and ex-Min
ister to Brazil, presided at the Allison
meeting.
Senator Allison in his address touched
upon the tariff and other issues, but de
voted most of his time to the silver ques<
tion. He traced the history of monetary
legislation la this country. He quoted
from statistics to sustain bis contention
that there was no diminution in the
amount of metallic money in use in the
world in the period from 1873 to 1895, and
that therefore the fall in prices in that
period could not be attributed to such a
diminution.
He stated that it would be impossible
for the United States to restore the value
of silver by independent action and that
the extensive wealth and commerce of
this country demanded the use of the best
money until by international action silver
could be made as good as gold. The suc
cess of the free-coinage movement, he
said, would result in a fluctuating and
debased standard of money, carry ine in
its pathway distress and disaster to every
interest and to every location. The
adoption of the Republican policy of
maintaining the standard of our money, of
providing sufficient revenues for the
Government and of protection to Ameri
can industries, would restore confidence
and prosperity.
Congressman Cousins gave con siderable
time to the tariff question in his address.
WANT CALLERS AT CA NTON.
large Delegation* trill Journey to Greet
Major Mckinley.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 3.— The next fort
night promises to be lively in Canton.
Messages announcing the coming of seve
ral delegations were received this evening.
On the Bth of September the Ohio Edi
torial Association will meet here. The
editors will be addressed by Charles
Emory Smith and they will call on Major
McKinleyin a body. September 11 the
Republican League clubs of Pennsylnania
will come here from the convention in
Erie. On the same day a delegation of.
Vermont Republicans will arrive in Can
ton to call on Major McKinley.
On the 12th the McKinley Commercial
Club of Chicago is scheduled for a visit
here. Tbe same day the McKinley and
Hobart Club of McKeesport, Pa., will pay
thoir respects to Major McKinley.
On the 14th a delegation comprising
about 1000 farmers from Southwestern
Pennsylvania is expected, and on the
afternoon of the 15th the Grand Army
posts of Canton wili give a reception in
honor of Major McKinley. The Republi
cans of Butler and Moyer counties, Penn
sylvania, are coming on the 19th, also tbe
Building and Trades Council of Colum
bus. Three or lour other delegations are
trying to arrange dates for a visit to Can
ton within the next ten days, and the rail
ways are offering better rates than usual.
Major McKinley has bad a large num
ber of callers to-day, among them being
ex-Governor Hoard of Wisconsin, who re
ported the situation in his State as most
encouraging.
WITH WORDS OF CHEER.
Sumerout Caller* at the Chicago Repub-
lican Headquarter*.
CHICAGO, 111.. Sept. 3.— The numerous
callers at Republican National headquar
ters to-day all brought words of cheer
from different points. Cheering reports
continue to come in to Commercial Trav
elers' headquarters, though many "knights
of the grip" write very candidly of the
existence of free silver sentiment in por
tions of Michigan and lowa, which they
have visited, and call for literature to send
there.
The Railway Age reports the continued
formation of numerous enthusiastic sound
money clubs among the railroad workers
in every part of 'he country. Hon. E. L.
Lampoon, ex-Sneaker of tne Ohio House
of Representatives, addressed the meeting
of the Commercial Travelers' McKinley
Club to-day.
Vermont* Big Victory.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt., Sept.
3.— The returns which have been received
from all over the State give the result: For
Governor— Grout (R.), 53,396; JacKson
(D.). 14,905; Battell (Pop.), 613: White
more (Pro.), 525.
Grout's plurality, 38,491; majority over
all, 37.345. The Republicans made a gain
of 108 per cent in their majority over that
of 1892. The gain in the Republican vote
is 37 per cent and the loss in the Demo
cratic vote is 22}4 per cent.
PROFESSOR FOWLER DEAD.
Close ot the Career of the Celebrated
Phrenologist, Lecturer, Author and
Publisher.
ORANGE, N. J., Sept, 3. — Professoi
Fowler, the famous phrenologist, died lasi
night at West Orange.
Lorenzo Niles Fowler was born in Co
hocton, Steuben' County, N. V., June 23,
1811. He accompanied his brother Orson
Squire Fowler on lecturing tours, and
lectured alone throughout the United
States and the British-American prov
inces. In 1863 he settled in London and
lectured in all i,artsof Great Britain. Sev
eral of his lectures were published in Lon
don. In addition to the works written in
conjunction with his brother he was the
autnor of the "Synopsis of Phrenology and
Physiology" (1844); "Marriage, Its His
tory and Philosopny. With Directions for
Happy Marriages" (1846), and "Lectures
on Man." As a member of the firm of
Fowler A. Weils ne was engaged in pub
lishing Life Illustrated, a weekly journal,
and' the monthly periodicals the Ameri
can Phrenological Journal and the Water-
Cure Journal, which was superseded by
the Science of Health.
_^_ , w y 5 ?^. *?_'_ 1 ? A T~" CI ' OTEtrcj -°-
* B j->. ' While all our neighbors and competitors
I \\ are struggling with each other with cheap
*■ *«V . trash, zee have this season made up a line of
_^ goods for Boys 1 and Children's Clothing, the
jf_J> j^fc A- JL 1 y™k ■ largest, grandest and prettiest that we have
J^l K^ ICi ever sbo~an or that an house in (America can
.**** m • \ •• v i ever shove.
* .■* ;l I?ii We use cheap prices to bring j>oti to us, but
#"|T Trl £» not cheap stuffs; what prices we quote are for
•* ■ *»••"■■» dependable goods, high-class goods, and all
. tl ' < :t,^nrj> goods ; not stuff that has been through
gT% ♦■* g\ 0\ #*/□ C? 1 : many campaigns, some of it having done ser~
j^J l-Cll. 1. Vi- CS- A \jk • vice unn S *&' campaign of Lincoln ; none of
that in ours; ours is all brand new.
— — - ff^ : Friday and Saturday.
IWO Dl 2* LI3.VS Spend tbem with us. Styles tl at will in-
* , fJ ttrest you ; fabrics that will interest you;
- prices unmatchable on the Coast.
Above we show you avery swell 111 \ I
Fall and Winter Reefing Top II / I 1
Coat, made from, Blue Chin- . I) I I I
chilla, edges bound and pockets \~_J \ h
bound, extra deep sailor collar; f\^7 V^A
ages 3to 10 years. Friday and \S
Saturday Special at Qur Mg hoys uhe those verg
*-"- S3 95— swell English Plaids with fly
?*~ ■ * front vest •if you find their like
— in town— sls and $18. They're
yf^~^l excellently tailored, high-class
/\^& S} garments, but the price is a very
CffigP^^A tiny one. These are for boys be-
|B| £ *\ tween the ages of 1£ and 19
fS «^ J years. A big assortment of new
>v ~*J plaids to select from at
Jiv|V. 10,00—-
Short-Trousers -wearing lads \s^ J V
like our clothes ; they're smart in! fir SUIM !
looking ; they're stylish, in snap- llnv HI
py up-to-date colorings, what the rail!' wflP
little fellows like. |If 11
The big store has maintained rr™f IBSM *
its leadership from the start. It \\\ V \
shows styles that no other house ] h r^-X
has the pluck to show, treated in h^\ C^^^V^
a manner that boys' and chil- \^2/ L-r^i tnV
dren's clothing has never been Some 1500 Reefer Suits to-
handled before; perfectly tai- day ; among 'em those awfully
lor ed throughout. swell Rough Twill Cheviots.
Some 1500 Suits to-day for they're all the go ; made with
thoseladsbet ntheagesofs Z*Z*%£%S. J*&*tt
and 16; awfully swell colorings; haven't their peer in town at $5;
dressy suits ; Scotches Tweeds, som , Scotches among > 'em; for
no end of em ; $5 is the price little folks between the ages of 3
around town. and IS. m ' ■
On our big second floor to-day nou gig Juvenile Depart-
at ' _-_ _ _ _ ' ment to-day and Saturday at
~52.50- ~52.50~ .
Juvenile Furnishings Juvenile Hat ~^
Department Items. Department Items.
Some right clever Percale Some real clever Blue Tarns
Jd%"irZdtalk1 h irjl^ for children turned up on the
goods that you are accustomed side with feather and steel
to paying from 85 c to $1 for. buckle ; pretty goods. In our big
All sizes at Hat Department to-day and Sat-
— soc. urdayat
- — — —25c.
A new crop of those fine 25c
and 35c Windsors in Dresden Leather Tarn o' Shanters, such
effects, both dark and light. as you usually pay $1 for; made
Special to-day and Saturday \ from good russet leather. In our
. i. big Hat Department to-day at
_ ~ lsc - ? -50c.
Some 1500 Domet Flannel ■ _^- _ Z. '- -■, .
Waists for boys, laced fronts ;! Some £000 Yacht Caps for
awfully swell goods ; goods that boys, *' v blue, with Hercules
you are accustomed to paying i braid ;. a class of goods that -you,
50c for. '. Special to-day and Sat- usually pay 50c for In our big
urday at Hat Department to-day at
- : 25c. —25c.
RAPHAEL'S RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated), (Incorporated),
That Big, Popular . THE FRISCO BOYS,
Ke&rny-Street Store. 9 3 11*18 15 Kearny St.
34
LONG SHOTS WIN
AT SACRAMENTO
Auspicious Beginning of the
State Fair Running
Races.
FAVORITES ARE DUMPED
Immense Crowds Gather to Gaze
on the Aristocratic
Equines.
VINCTOR AGAIN VICTORIOUS.
He Beat the Pick of the Lot of East*
crn Horses Now Within the
State Line.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 3.— The
runners attested their popularity by draw
ing the largest crowd of the week to
Agricultural Park. For the first time
during the meet the betting ring was
crowded, and the way the coin poured
into the bookmakers' strong-boxes was a
reminder of old times. The weather was
hot enough to fry icicles a dark brown,
and the crowd sizzled and cooked and
kicked at the manner in which the first
three favorites were bowled over. Touts,
or more technically speaking, legal turf
lights, from all points In the Union, ar
rayed in the latest fashions, were present
and imparted their knowledge for the
uutl fee.
The racing was far above the average.
Howard, Amelia S, Arnette, Vinctor and
Chartreuse II were the purse-winners.
The principal event on the card was at
one and a sixteenth miles, in which Vinc
tor, Lobengula, Libertine and Sabilla met.
When the dust cleared away the number
post showed that Vinctor had again
downed the Eastern cracks. Vinctor
opened at 7 to 10 in the books, closing at
even, the bulk of the coin going in on
Green Morris' Lobengula, who was backed
down from Bto 2. Libertine receded from
9to 5 to fours. When Havey sent the
quartet away Mac Klin hustled Libertine
to the front, and going at a great clip led
Vinctor into tne stretch by a bead, Joe
Narvaez touched the favorite up with the
whip, and a furlong from home he had
command of things and won cleverly by a
length and a half in 1:48. In a desperate
drive McGlone landed Lobengula in the
place, a neck before Libertine.
A. B. Spreckels' handsome mare Olive,
the even - money favorite for the mile
handicap, was defeated by Arnette in the
most exciting finish of the day. There
were but four starters in this race also,
and a barrel of money went in on the
Spreckels entry. Nic-Nac, carrying 85
pounds of Tommy Butler, tried to make a
runaway race of it, but had enough a fur
long from the stand. In a hair-raising
drive to the wire Hazlett, on Arnette, got
the decision by a short nose in 1:42.
Bueno opened the hottest kind of a
favorite for the initial six-furlong dash,
but very soon plenty of 3 to 1 was obtain
able. He got about as close to the money
as Andree did to Jthe north pole with his
balloon. Silver State, a 20 to 1 shot, led
until well into stretch, where Howard,
ridden by Mike Hennessy, and Sea Spray,
with Martin up, headed her, and the last
named pair fougnt it out. Howard won in
a mild drive by three parts of a length in
1:14*.
Ten very ordinary two-ye»r-olds started
in a selline sweepstake, with a fixed valua
tion of $1500. The hot tip on the race was
PF, backed from 20 down to sto 1. He
finished second. Amelia S, a 6 to 1 chance,
showed in front before the stretch was
reached and in a drive beat the good thing
out a half length. The 14 to 5 favorite,
Inflamruator, ran well until straiehtened
away :or the wire, when he stopped badly.
There were but nve starters in the last
event, a seven and a Lulf furlong run.
Chartreuse II was a 1 to 2 choice and
won as she liked in 1:36, with Marcel just
as easy a second.
SCVMABJES.
Purse (400: selling: four-year-olds and upward.
Six fur'onw.
R. K. Do an's eh. g. Howard, by Tyrant- Mayetta,
106 pounds (Hennessy),lo to 1 1
P. teiebemhaler's b. g. Sea Spray, by imp. Mari
ner-Maranette. 106 pounds (Martin), 5 to 1 2
William Thompson's b. m. Sliver State, by imp.
Cheviot- Bessie Shannon, 106 pounds (Peoples),
aotoi .. ........... s
Time, l:14y f .
Favory Rlcarao, <; adiola, Mainstay, Landlord,
Una Colorado, America and Bueno also ran.
■. Five furlongs for maiden two-year-olds, selling
Kweppstakesr. value $1500."
P. Mitchell's cb. f. Amelia 8, 99, by Take
Notice- Wnlsbun (Martin), 6 to 1 ". 1
D. O. McCarthy's ct>. g. V F, 102, by Longfieia
imp. Windmill (Haalett). 6 to 1 2
George Rose's r>. g. Principle, 92, by Imp.
Maxim- Ventura (Frawley), 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:03. .
Veva, EzeVlel, Jessie Bortlett Davis, Tnflam
mator, The Plunger, Minta Owens and Henrietta
U also ran.
Mile handicap for tliree-year-olds and upward
purse »*W).
.Garden City stable's eh. m. Arnecte, 96, by Imp.
Midlothian- I'ilena tHaz;ett), 5 to 1 „ l
A. B. Hprecnels- b. m. Olive, 103, by Apache-
Virgle (PlKgott),even 2
M. J. Kelly'* eh. 1. McNic, 85. by Take Notice^
Picnic i to 1 3
lime, 1:42.
Tbelma also ran.
One an<l * sixteenth miles, three -year -olds
and upward; purse C 500-
Klmwood stock farm's b. h. Vinctor, 115 by
imp. Brutus-Moltie H (Narvaez) even.. 1
(;. X .uorrl* A Ca'sb. h. Lobengula, lisj'by
Jludson-Zuiu (McGlone) 5» to 1 2
•I. 'J. llrowu & Co.'s b. h. Libertine, 11 5* "by
La >natuy Kalaisi- (Mauldln) 4 to 1.... S
Habilla also ran. Time. I :4H.
Seven and a half furlongs, three-year-olds and
np«»rJ; purao S3SU.
J. U Humpnreys' eh. m. Chartrense 11, 104, by
Imp. Cheviot-imp. Zara (Plggott), 1 to 2... l
J. G. Brown & Co.'.s b. m. Marcel, 110, by Luke
Blurkbarn-Marlica (Macklin). 10 to 1. .. 2
T. Boyle's b. h. Jack lttchilen, 107, by imp. Qreat
Tom-Envenom (Mania,*, 5 to 1 3
Time, I:HC.
Nabopolassar and ton Moto also ran.
FAATASY BEAT THEM ALL.
She Defeated the Bent Trotting Horara in
Training.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 3.-The 6000
persons who attended the grand circuit
meeting at Fleetwood Park to-day saw C.
J. Hamlin's six-year-old bay mare Fan
tasy defeat all of the crack trotters of the
free-for-all class now in training. The
weather conditions were uch more favor
able for fast time to-day, although tne
track remained mealy, and not at its best.
Kentucky Union was heavily backed at 5
to 1, but the others were at long odds, with
lew backers in the betting. Summaries:
East View stock farm purse, $2500, free for
all class, Fantasy won, William Pcnn second,
Kentucky Union third. Best time, 2:03,
Visitors' stakes, $3000, 2:19 class, trotting,
Derby Princess won, Wanda second, BL C
third. Best time, 2:14^.
Breeders' stakes, $20v*O, 2:50 class, two-year
old trotting, Preston won, Medium Kelly
second, Chanty third. Best time, 2:21J,;£.
Special race aeainst time, trouiuit. Olie
Keep. Time, 2:25%.
Special race against time, trotting, Mariica.
Time, 2 :2(J.
81. LOUIS, Mo., Sept 3.— Five furlongs, Some
Hopes won, Princess Bonnie second, Mazy
third. Time. 1 :03»o.
Seven furlongs, Denver won, Hash second,
Lady Rose third. Time, 1:30.
Fiye and a half furlongs, Lela'e Cuckoo won,
Pop Dixon second, Kay II third. Time, I:O9V£.
One and a sixteenth miles, Helen H. Gardner
won, Billie McKenzie second, Hot Spur third.
Mamie X finished lirst, but was disqualified
for a foul. Time, 1:50%.
One mile, Harry McCouch won, Pepper sec
ond, Gold Corn third. Time. 1:42%.
SHKEPSHEAD BAY, H. V., Sept. 3.— Five
furlongs, Manxman won, Celoso Boy second,
Nana H third. Time, 1 :02.
Six furlongs, Tom Cromwell won, Amanda V
serond, Refugee third. Time, 1 :14 3-5.
Fuuiriiy course, Cleophus won, Divide sec
ond. Koyal Rose third. Time. 1 :12.
Mile and three-quarters, Deerslayer won,
Dutch Sktter second, Ben Eder third. Time,
3:03 2-5.
Mile and an eighth, Flying Dutchman won,
Keeuan second, Arapahoe third. Time,
I :st> 1-5.
One mile, Preston won, Halfling second, The
Dragon third. Time, 1 :42.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs. A
Baltimore
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Chicago.
Boston.
Fittßburg....
Philadelphia
Brooklyn
New York:
Washington
Si. LoDis.
Louisville
CX.CBS.
Won. Lo,L <™.
76 34 .690
70 42 .625
68 43 .61
65 bO .564
64 50 .661
80 61 .540
56 68 .486
53 59 .473
64 «1 .469
44 66 .400
35 79 .306
'29 80 .260
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 3.-Score: New
Yorlcs, 10. 9,1; Cinciunatis, 8,6,4. Batterieß—
Rhlnes aud Peltz; Meekin and Warner. Called
on account of darkness at the end of the sixth
inning.
BROOKLYN, N. V.. Sept. 3. -Score: Brook
lyns, 2, 9, 2; Clevelands, S, 13. 2. Batteries-
Daub and Burrill; Wilson and Zimmer. Um
pire—Hurst.
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 3— First graroe— Bos
tons, 28, 30, 4; St. Louis 7, 13,7. Batteries-
Sullivan and Bergen; Hart and Murphy.
Umpires— Henderson and Campbell.
rHILADKLPHIA, Pa., Sept. 3.— Score: Phlla
delphias, 5, 11, 4; Pittsbtirgs, 8, 12, 2. Bat
terieß—Carsey and Grady; Kollen and Sugden.
Umpire — Lally.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 3.— Washington-
Louisville off: rain.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 3.— Baltimore-
Chicago game postponed ; rain.
SOUL FIGHTING.
Beferte Wtlson Award* a Contest to
By an Beeauae of Smith*- Unf'airneaa,
ASTORIA, Orb., Sept. 3.— The largest
crowd that ever assembled in this city to
witness a boxing contest was present to
nigbt at the eight-round bout between
"Mysterious" Billy Smith of Boston and
Jim Ryan of Australia.
The match was at catch weights, the
winner to take the entire purse of $500.
This amount was guaranteed by a number
of sport-loving Astorians, who put up the
money as a speculation and were reim
bursed out of the admission fees.
Smith weighed 143 pounds and Ryan
154. The former was evidently the more
rugged and in better condition. Ryan's
recent sickness having pulled him down
considerably.
Ryan was seconded by Jim Keating,
Professor Spencer and Jack Hill, while
Tim McGrath and "Shadow" Hoyt acted
in like capacity for Smith. Jack Wilson,
formerly of the Fifth Artillery, officiated
as reteree, and Pete Grant, G. Trullinger
and Jack Feme as timekeepers.
Time was called at 10:05, and not a
moment was lost in sparring. Smith was
generally on the aggressive, although Ryan
occasionally varied the proceedings with
a rush.
There were many fouls committed by
Smith, and he was again and again cau
tioned. In the third round, after Smith
had been frequently warned by the ref
eree, the spectators arose almosi in a body
with cries of "Foul," and the police were
ordered to stop the fight unless fouling
would be discontinued. Smith then
agreed to break away when ordered, with
out striking, and the fight continued.
The fourth, fifth and sixth rounds were
characterized by clean infighting, but in
the seventh the referee again cautioned
Smith.
He persisted in fonlin?, however, and
the fight was given to Ryan. Smith at
once struck the refuree. who immediately
retaliated with a straight left on Smith's
mouth and followed him into his corner
with a view to swinging his right. The
police again stepped into the ring and
stopped further disturbance. The sym
pathies of the crowd were generally with
Ryan on account of his fairness.
Track and Paddock Notes.
A. B. Spreckels, president of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, and Naglee Burke of
San Jose were a couple of the prominent
turfmen seen in the betting ring. Mr.
Spreckels backed his mare Olive to win
and Owner Burke thought enough of
Tbelrna not to let her run loose.
Libertine ran, for the first time on a
California track, with his front legs
wound in bandages. If the distance had
been six furlongs the big fellow would just
about have landed the money.
Millionaire Charles L. Fair went from
stand to stand backing his horse Una Colo
rado. He ran disappointingly.
Mr. Winship, of the iirm of Winehip <fe
Keating, was one of the earliest to get
aboard P F at the top price, 20 to 1.
The ricn Nursery stake will be run on
Saturday. All' the crack two-year-olds are
entered.
When Joe Narvaaz returned to the stand
after winning w*ith Vinctor he was ten
dered an ovatiou. If Joe will be more
careful about the convivial spirits he
travels with in the future and steers clear
of the boodle bookie and his glittering
swag he is once more launched on the
wave that l«ads to prosperity. The win
ner, Vinctor, was kicked on the nigh hind
leg by Sabilla as he was being led into the
circle in iront of the judges' stand, which
may prevent him being started in the
Vinctor stake on Thursday next.
Sabilla once carried the colors of Pitts
burg Phi!. He won the California stake at
Saratoga in 1894.
After going a quarter Bueno was eased
up by Miller. When a horse of Buenos
caliber is entered with an ordinary iot of
platers he should be scratched if not fit,
and the public not be beguiled into taking
shots at the moon. The horse opened a
hot favorite and receded to threes. On the
reputable tracks of the East the racing
rules require owners and trainers to work
their horses during the morning hours.
It was a great day for Rancho del Paso
bred horses. The first three winners were
by sires or from dams owned at the noted
breeding establishment. Indeed, the first
three horses past the wire in the third
event all claim Rancho del Paso as their
home. In the East the farm's reputation
was upheld by three of its products taking
races at Sheepshead Bay.
Joe Nolan of San Francisco, who, with
Joe McCarthy, owns P F, came up to
back him. The son of Longfield, who
cost but $140, would have netted the
young shoe merchant over $2000 nad he
reached the wire lirst.
Starter "Dick" Havey wan as successful
as ever in dispatching "the fields with the
Australian gate.
Following are the entries and weights
for to-morrow's events:
First race, two-year-olds selling, five-eighths
of a mile— Tea Rose, 115; Howard 8, 113-
Alma, 104; Destra. 104; Grandezla. 104.
Second race, selling, six furlongs— Hymn
108; Lilly R, 92; Seaside, 105; Charles Boots'
100; Artlcus, 110; Peixotto. 108; Redding
ton, 99; Tonino, 100: Heartsease, 97; Ca
denza, 99; Carnation, 99.
Tnird race, the clasa «take, one mile— Coda
103; (irndy. 102; Instigator. 107; Torsina,
109, Rummel, 112; Calicnte, 102.
Fourth race, handicap, one aud an eighth
mlles-Claurtiui, 110: Fr*-d Gardner 92; Lo
bengula. 117; Little Bob, 90.
Fifth race, selling, live and a half furlongs
two-year-old maidens— Alazan, 104; Brnja'
101 ; Seven Up, 97; Geyser, 108; RKcinn, 99;
Inflummator,97; Billy Vico,los; D. I). Chesier
neld, 97.
Football has been played in England for
more than 500 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 189(5.
IMMENSE CROWDS
VISIT THE FAIR
Sacramento Is Thronged
With Perspiring
Strangers.
THE GATES WIDE OPEN.
Cosmopolitan Sights Witnessed
on the Capital City
Promenade.
EXHIBITS IN THE PAVILION.
What Is B ing Done in the Various
Departments of the Great
Exposition.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 3. — The
gentle zephyr which is sung in verse as
cooling tbe fevered brows of a perspiring
people is away behind schedule time in
Sacramento. It is due to arrive early each
morning, but seldom gets around before
evening, when, after the warmth of the
midday sun, it is thrice welcome. About
the coolest sight, either in the pavilion or
the grand stand at the races, is the sum
mer girl in her airy, white gown and bal
loon sleeves. She is much in evidence,
and looks as cool, pink and delicious as the
icecream soda she sips.
On this, tbe third day of the big State
fair, the people from tbe trails and hills
are beginning to arrive. To-night a pro
cession of Indians filed into town and
mingled with the crowd on X street, which
street is tbe grand promenade when ves
pers have been rung by the bells in tbe big
steeples and the electric lights begin to
glare. There are thousands of strangers
in the Capitol gates, and all enjoy the
freedom of tbe city. It is not necessary
to read the newspapers to find out that
there is a pumpKin and horse show in tbe
vicinity; the people and their dress tell
the tale.
Sacramento is one of the few cities
which runs to cosmopolitanism in ex
tremes. The promenade presented to
night the unique spectacle of Mr. Chinese
abroad in his family barouche. Mrs. Chi
nese occupied the rear seat with several
little female Chinese, while Mr. Chinese
smiled on bis son and heir by his side on
the front seat, as reverently as he pays
homage to his household gods.
Through the streams of people is heard
the strident intonations of the street fakir,
his voice sounding like a sea captain in
distress.
Medicine shows, dime museums and
wheels-of-fortune are here advertising
themselves with bass drums and banjos
on the front stoops. You can also find
any kind of a game you want. The three
card orator is not yet in evidence, but he
is surely here, as other birds of the same
flock are flitting around. The Police De
partment and the Police Court Judge are
Matthew Canavan, Republican Candidate for Assemblyman From
Marin County.
making it much warmer for people of his
ilk than the weather is. Today a well
dressed man with a shifty eye was "sent
up" for 100 days for vagrancy. He will j
get out in time for the next fair.
This is only one of many esses where
comparatively well dressed people who j
don't look right have suddenly felt a j
heavy hand on their shoulders and been
"vagged." The authorities thus show
friendship for the tenderfoot at the fair
and determination that be shall be pro- I
tected. It is therefore safe tor anybody j
and everybody to come to the fair, i
whethei he has ever been outside of his
bacK yard before or not. If he attempts to
buy a gold brick for $9 the police will not
let him do it.
The coolest place in the city in the even
ing is the pavilion. There the summer
glrl'and the "sweet little country maid"
promenade the broad aisles, adding addi
tional charm to the scenes. The largest
attendance since the opening of the fair
was at thepavilicn tms evening. Itmieht
be remarked as of great interest to the
public at this time that the price of ice
cream soda in the pavilion is uniform,
whereas in the grand stand at the race
track the waiters are prone to charge all
the traffic will bear, varying the price of
light drinks in accordance with a sort of
clairvoyant Tista of the plumpness of the
patron's purse and what they think be will
stand.
The price of lemonade rose and fell there
yesterday with the changefulness of the
odds in the betting ring. The festive
j squash, the juicy pumpkin, tbe puckering
! quince and other fruits are beginning to
■ take up positions in tbe department of
horticulture and viticulture with attrac
tive mellowness of demeanor. There are
different angles to the stems of tbe
squashes, their relation to tbe lofty and
perpendicular being determined by the
size, age, pride and dignity of tbe indi
vidual vegetable.
The table on which they are arrayed is
as white as the main deck of the Gregon.
The longest squash apparently feels his
oats, lie stands in tbe center, as straight
as a hop pole, with squashes of lesser mag
nitude doing him homage in surrounding
circles.
All kinds of fruit that is "warmed by
the sun and wet by the dew" on Califor
nia soil is collected in little clusters on
white tables a block Jong. Fruit trees
richly laden are also among the exhibits,
there being fine specimens of olives as
they grow.
The cereal exhibit of Sacramento
County is in this department. It makes a
handsome and creditable appearance.
One section of this department is given
up to cooking dried fruit. Mrs. La Franco
and Mrs. Holland are in charge of this
work. A prize of $100 is offered by the
fair directors for the best recipe for cook
ing dried fruits, and these ladies are mak
ing the teats- on a easoline stove. People
are invited to taste the cooked fruit. If
there is anybody in California who has a
large appetite for warm water and dried
apples, apricots, pears or peaches, he can
satisfy it here till disaster overtakes his
waistband and it won't cost him & cent.
The latest exhibit to arrive is a road
roller that looks like a juggernaut. It is
too large to get into the building and will
have to roost outside. The directors have
a few roads in the park around tbe pavil
ion that need to feel the touch of just such
a monster as this, and they will make a
practical test of it. While the squash and
the pumpkins, tne stovepipes and the
bicycles are lying around in indolent ex
position the road roller will have to work
for its blue ribbon.
The art gallery grows in magnetic power
and attractiveness. There are pictures on
tbe wall that one can gaze at for an hour
and consider tne time well spent. The
Yosemite scenes, by Hill, are much ad
mired. Poses in "the altogether" are
by no means lacking. Sacramento young
men say the flesh tints are alone worth
the price of admission, and they ought to
know.
The rock drill by miners, for which sev
eral prizes are offered, will take place
early next week.
The "cock's shrill clarion" is not yet
beard in the pavilion. There are 1200
empty coops waiting- for chanticleers and
hens who yet roam in freedom in their
home barnyards. They will roost in the
chicken department next week.
A very handsome and practical hard
ware exhibit is that of Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson. It is a house built of sheet and
corrugated iron and tin, papered on the
inside. It has two apartments, showing a
bathroom and a kitchen.
Baker & Hamilton have an extensive
exhibit of dairy machinery and appli
ances and farm implements of all kinds.
This is perhaps the largest single exhibit
in the pavilion.
The Benicia Agricultural Works also
has a large and interesting exhibit.
Most of the visitors at the pavilion to
day and to-night were strangers. Sacra
mento people are staying away until next
week and the week after.
Clark Brothers and Stanley have a large
force of men at work making cigars.
Smoking is prohibited in the pavilion and
the sight of long leaves of Havana deftly
I rolled into smokers is a hardship on tbe
man whose mouth is watering for a puff.
Manufacturer A. T. Ames has a patent
pump on exhibition and in operation that
always has a crowd around it. •
To-day the programme at the racing
park was varied by a little conflict of
authority between the fair directors and
the city authorities, whose chief executive
Mayor Hubbard is. The directors ordered
the main entrance to. the park to be in
closed with ropes, so as to protect women
and children and that class of men who go
to sleep on their feet from being run over
by reckless hackdrivers racing for a fare.
There has been much danger and some
accidents at the entrance in previous
years. The jehus raised such a howl that
the Mayor ordered the ropes taken down,
and they were taken down, as obstructing
a public thoroughfare. The directors de
murred, but thai was nil.
MARIN COUNTY REPUBLICANS.
Mmttheto Canavan dominated for the
Aaaembly.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 3.— AH day
RepuDlicanism has been rampant in the
town of San Rafael. Early in the morn
ing the delegates from tbe different pre
cincis of Mann County began to gather
for the Republican County Convention,
j which was called to order at 1 p. m. by
B. H. Studley, in the absence of R. H.
Whittemore, chairman of the County
Central Committeee.
George Mason was chosen as temporary
chairman and B. H. Studley as temporary
secretary, in which positions they were
j subsequently confirmed.
After receiving the committee reports
and indorsing the Republican National
platform, the convention proceeded to the
j nomination of a Superior Judge.
Only one aspirant for the honor was in
I the field, F. M. Angelotti, the present in
cumbent. He was nominated by acclama
tion.
There was also only one candidate for
the Assembly, Matthew Cana van, and he
was nominated by acclamation..
. George W. Burbank was chosen by the
convention as delegate at large to meet
the delegation from Contra Costa County,
in conjunction with the five supervisorial
delegates from Marin County, for the pur
| pose of nominating the State Senator for
I the two counties.
| The fight for the Senatorship is between
! General John H. Dickinson and Charles
I Taylor, both of Marin County.
•
COMMANDER NEWELL DEAD.
Kemaina Will Be Shipped to -»te York
for Interment.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept 3.— Commander
John Start Newell of the armored Gov
ernment cruiser Detroit, who was taken
sick here, while en route from China to
Washington City, died this afternoon.
Tha remains, accompanied by Mrs.
J Newell, widow of the deceased, and Lieu
tenant Taussix of the monitor Monadnock,
will be shipped to New York to-morrow
nieht for interment. This evening Lieu
tenant Taussig notified Secretary of tbe
Navy Herbert of the death.
Charter Mass -Meeting;.
There will be a large mass-meeting of the
i friends of the charter in Metropolitan Temple
to-niftht. Eminent speakers will present
I strong arguments in favor of the adoption of
j the new organic law. Every one having an
| interest in the welfare of the City should
I attend. •
DANIEL WYNNE
DIES AT VALLEJO
Succumbs to the Wound In
flicted by His Victim,
Officer Toal.
DOUBLE INQUEST HELD.
The Testimony Shows That
Wynne Was Responsible
for the Tragedy.
TWO VERDICTS ABE RENDERED
The Dead Officer Is Found to Have
Lost His Life in the Discharge
of His Duty.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept 3.— Dan Wynne,
who shot and killed Officer Frank Toal on
Georgia street early Wednesday morning,
died last night at the home of his parents.
He began about 7 o'clock to grow weaker
and died at 10:25 o'clock.
Thia morning Coroner Trull summoned
a jury of six persons, consisting of Frank
H. Rowland, M. D. Neild, W. S. Talbot,
L. D. Egery, J. F. Courtney and W. N.
Saunders. After viewing the bodies of the
dead men ana listening to the testimony
they brought in two verdicts — one, "that
Officer Frank Toal came to his death on
the 2d day of September, 1886, by a gun-
Bhot wound inflicted by Dan Wynne' 1 ; the
other, "that Dan Wynne came to his death
on the 2d ctav of September, 1896, by a
gunshot wound inflicted by Officer Frank
Toal while in the discbarge of his duty."
The evidence adduced at the inquest
varied but little from that published in
The Call of yesterday.
Witness J. J. Hurley in addition to his
testimony regarding Wynne entering a
saloon and creating a disturbance, then
leaving, told how he had received the blow
on the forehead at the hands of Wynne,
and for what reason he did not know, as
he had not had a moment's conversation
with Wynne that night; in fact he had
not spoken half a dozen times to him In
his Hie, and was udder no obligation of
any kind to Wynne. He thought the blow
was Intended for another person.
J. W. O'Brien, proprietor of the Castle
saloon, told how he stood and argued with
Wynne alter he had hit Hurley, and about
J the door being opened by Officer Toal, the
jumping out of the door by Wynne, and
how ne had stood with his hands on the
shoulders of each man and seen the fire
flash from Toal's pistol after he had been
shot by Wynne, about the bringing of the
two bodies into his saloon, the death of
the officer and the finding of the revolver
used by Toal, which had fallen from his
hands as he fell on the steps in front of
Panalacgua's fruitstore; how upon ex
amination he had found three chambers
empty, showing Toal had fired three shots,
while Wynne's revolver, which had been
picked up by Billy Elias, O'Brien's bar
tender, had but one chamber empty,
showing that the only shot fired by Wynne
proved fatal.
William Elias testified regarding the
visit of Wynne to the saloon, and how he
bad attempted to clean out the place;
how he had left the saloon and returned,
and without a word bit Hurley over the
bead with the muzzle of the pistol; the
opening of the door by Officer Toal and
the going out of Wynne ; also his own go
ing out and catching Wynne in his arms
as he was falling from the effects of the
shot received from Toal's pistol; bow he
found Wynne's pistol and how, in his
judgment, Wynne had firea first from the
ttouud of the shots, there being four fired
in all.
Samuel McClintic, a bartender in the
Baltimore saloon on the opposite side of
the street f i om where the shooting took
place, told a story of a conversation which
be had had in the early part of tbe evc-n
-inz with Wynne, who told him he was
sick and taking medicine for dyspepsia.
Then, a little later on, how he had talked
with Officer Toal, who had upbraided botu
him and Wynne for keeping bad whisfcy
to sell, and added that if he ran across
Wynne he would drink no more bad
whidky and take no more hack rides, im
plying that he would do him up when he
ran across him.
The evidence of McClintic evidently had
but little weight with the Coroner's iury,
as it looked like a good deal of personal
spite displayed.
Tbe evidence of Dr. P. Vallejo was also
taken. He gave in detail the course of
the bullets in the bodies of each of the
men, and also gave a practical illustration
of the positions they had been in when
tbe shots were fired.
The jury then retired and in a few mo
ments rendered their verdicts in accord
ance with the testimony, which was
listened to with close attention by District
Attorney Frank J. Devlin and others pres
ent.
Officer Toal will be buried to-morrow.
Wynne belongs to the Ancient Order of
Foresters of America.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Jury Secured to Try the Parker Will Case
and Taking of Testimony Will Be
gin To- Day.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Bept. 3.— The work of
selecting a jury in the Parker will case
was completed this afternoon. The jury
is composed of I. J. Hattabaugb, Rodney
Eschenberg, S. S. Paul, J. C. Murphy, J. C.
Cunningham, W. Quinn, T. B. Greenwalt,
B. F. Van Horn, O. Stevens, J. S. Owsley,
Alonzo Withers and Calvin Valoey.
Nicholas Bowden made the opening state
ment for contestant. The respondents
will make no statement. The taking of
testimony will commence to-morrow
morning. Emma L. Parker, the contest
ant, was present in court
ATTEMPT TO BURN A BOUSE.
J. H. JiMck't lit* cor try Juat In the Kick
of Time.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 3.— An attempt
was made to burn tbe residence of J. H.
Buck at 777 Orchard street about 4 o'clock
this morning. Buck, who is a butcher,
had just arisen to go to work when he dis
covered the back porch and rear of the
house in flames. The woodwork had been
thoroughly saturated with coal oil and un
der the porch was a bundle of half-burned
paper. The fire was extinguished before
much damage was done. There is no clew
to tbe incendiary.
A CROOK'S CONFESNJON.
Same* Stewart It Sent to San ±'ranei»to
for Trial.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 3.— James Btew
art, tbe crook who was arrested in this
city Tuesday evening, was taken to Sao
Francisco to-day by Detective Bee to an
swer to a charge of burglary, \vhea ar
rested he had considerable jewelry on his
person, and he confessed to Chief Kid
ward that he had robbed the room of John
Simonds at 850 Market street, San Fran
cisco. While here he entered a barber
shop and stole a lot oi razors and scissors.
&a» Jot rant ITiU Be There.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 3. -The Native
Sons of Santa Clara County have made
arrangements to attend the Admission
day celebration at Stockton in a body.
Observatory, Palo Alto and San Jose
Parlors of this city and the parlors at Los
Gatos>, Mayiield and Gilroy will leave
Alviso by steamer on the evening of Sep
tember 8 and return on September 10. Tho
Fifth Regiment Band will accompany the
parlor?, arid dancine will be enjoyed on
the boat. It is expected that this county
will be represented by about 400 Native
Sons and Daughters.
A>to Mining Incorporation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 3.— Articles in
corporating the Gold Lake Mining Com
pany have been filed with the County
Clerk. The capital stock is $50,000. The
directors are J. F. Parkinson, W. D.
Nicholas. M. P. Madison and J. Hutchin
son of Palo Alto and F. Hitchens of Sierra
Mojarda, Mexico.
An Insolvent Jeweler.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 3.— William D.
Allison, a jeweler at 29 West Santa Clara
street, has filed a petition in insolvency.
Liabilities, $2841 ; assets, $2SO.
Fata' fall at drag* Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., Sept 3.— While
working in tbe saloon of James Brennan
yesterday George Burchard. paper-hanger,
fell from'a scaffolding and received injur
ies from which he died a short time later.
Burchard was a stranger here, and had a
son living in San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA'S WATER,
A Fine Flow Is Struck in the
Tunnel Being Bored for
the City.
Every Indication That the Supply Will
Be Permanent — The Residents
Are Delighted.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 3.—
The tunnel being bored by Charles Hard
ing, under contract to the City Council,
and for the purpose of amplifying the
water supply of Santa Barbara, to-day at
a depth of 700 feet made a rich strike, en
tering water-bearine: sandstone from
which the water jets out in streams. As
the flow is found at the sides and bottom
of the tunnel, it is regarded as of a perma
nent character, it being a well-established
fact among those who make a study of
developing water that flows obtained from
the roofs of tunnels soon dry out. This
tunnel is now 700 feet into the very core of
the Santa Ynez Range, and is being bored
at an altitude of about 1300 feet. The for
mations tapped have so far been for the
most part a bard blue sandstone forma
tion, with now and then a streak of bhale
or blue clay, but the excavation is now
evidently entering an important natural
reservoir perpetually sustained by living
springs. So far a total flow of thirteen
inches has been obtained, but tbe shrink
age from surface flows reduces it to the
present supply, which is regarded by the
eug; .jeers as permanent.
The development* of the next few feet
will be watcned with intense interest, as
every blast is considered likely to add ma
terially to the flow. Mr. Barker's tunnel,
which is situated a mile below this in the
same canyon, is now in 930 feet, and is be
lieved to have a permanent flow of five
inches. These two sources of supply com
bined appear to exceed the present total
water supply of the city. Some of the
residents in tbe upper part of the town
are suffering severely for water, deep
bore wells which have supplied some ol
the finest residences having gone dry, while
the water flowing through tbe water com
pany's pipes is inadequate for the
needs of those who depend upon It, so
that some of Santa Barbara's choicest gar
dens are parched and fading.
The water company has a corps of men
at work across the ranga preparing for the
construction of the great reservoir, which
is to impound the waters of the Santa
Ynez to be conveyed by tunnel through
I the mountain range; but this is a work of
great magnitude, which will require for
its completion years of lime and millions
of dollars of capital, and meantime these
more modest efforts to increase the present
supply are hailed with gratitude by a suf
fering people.
MEW TO-DAT.
Jf"^ 1 THE NEED
|O|L|! OF THE TIME
ifll^^^^^^K "Open mills for the free and
WRl^ \ fllMn unrestricted labor of American
v Wr Y king . men -"- WM. * IicKIN -
THAT'S THE POINT
EXACTLY
""■ n -f * IV.A. A NBr JD. it Jf M.
And one way to keep these mills running and to put
money in circulation among the workers is to buy your
clothing of Brown Bros. & Co., proprietors of the Oregon
City Woolen Mills, the only woolen mills on the Pacific
Coast manufacturing Men's and Boys' , Clothing and re-
tailing direct to the consumer at the manufacturer's one
profit. Every piece of Oregon City clothing is made of
high-grade fabrics, substantial trimmings and cut in the
latest prevailing styles. A perfect fit for every garment *
— or else no sale.
All-wool, home-made Ore-
gonCity Woolen Mills Suits: * ffffi E|littW|fc
MEN'S— $l2.5O. fg SEBfrcl
BOYS'— s7 50. WMR MIR Pi
CHILDREN'S— S4 50. 1g Hi K^OTmP
All fall styles — something ele- jP^* j fjk \ Aili-TBff^TjLjStJEw^
gant. Will wear like iron. M^^^n
Not to be found elsewhere at iiHTlTHttWnniiM ■■■sWm^ *&B
any price. W^
OREGON MURDER
MYSTERY SOLVED '
Body of Charles Perry, a
Mining Man, Found in
a Well.
MISSING SINCE MARCH.
The Crime Is Traced to L. M.
Melson, His Companion in
the Mountains.
CRUELLY SLAIN AND ROBBED.
Supposed Culprit Captured — Miners
Swear Vengeance and Lynch
ing Is Threatened.
GRANTS PASS, Ob., Sept. 3 — The body
of Charles Perry, a well-known mining
man, has been found in an old abandoned
well in this county at Baines station, on
the road between this place and Crescent
City. Perry has been missing ever
since March last. When last seen he
was in the company of L. M. Melson of
Smith River, Cal. Both Perry and Melson
were in the»«mploy of the Siskiyou Min
ing Company. They set out to examine
some placer mines in Del Norte County.
It appears that Melson deliberately de
coyed Perry into the mountains to mur
der him for his money, several hundred
dollars of which he carried on his person.
Suspicions of foul play were first di
rected to Melson through the discovery of
Perry's watch, which was recovered and
traced to Meison. The latter also dis
played considerable money, which at
i tracted attention. The murderer weighted
the body with heavy irons before casting
it into the well. Deceased was shot in the
I back, and it is believed while asleep.
The evidence against Melson, while en
! tirely circumstantial, is conclusive. In
' consequence he has been arrested by the
Del Norte County Sheriff, and is now
I awaiting extradition papers. Both men
j were married.
At first it was believed that the murder
occurred on California soil, but it is now
certain that it took place in Oregon. Perry
had a great many friends in this county —
men who woiked with him in the copper
mines — and they show intense feeling in
the matter. In consequence of this feeling
it is not at all unlikely that Melson will be
lynched if the miners get hold of him. At
first Sheriff Ferguson determined to sur
render Melson to the Sheriff of this
county without the formality of extradi
tion papers, but owing to the excited state
of public feeling he has determined to
await a formal requisition. This is only
one of several mysterious murders which
have occurred in this county during the
j past year.
-
SHOOTS HIMSELF AT MONTEREY.
Alfred Diaz Makes a Probably Success
ful Attempt at Belf-JDestruetion.
MONTEREY, Cal., ' Sept. 3. — Alfred
Diaz endeavored to kill himself this morn
ing by firing a bullet into his right side.
He borrowed a Smith & Wessen revolver
under the pretense of going to shoot gulls,
but instead went home. After telling his
relatives that he was going to take a sleep
he went to his room. At shot was heard
| about five minutes later. His brother
rushed to his assistance, and found him
fainting and just about to fall. Surgeons
were summoned, but as yet the bullet
has not been found. It is thought to have
penetrated his lung.
This is not the first time Diaz has tried
to commit suicide. Two years ago he at
tempted to cut bis throat while in a crowd.
His family is one of the oldest and most
respectable Spanish families here. He
has a good college education. No cause
can as yet be attributed for the act. He is
unconscious and it is thought he will die.ACCOMMODATIONS
FOR NATIVE SONS
Preparations Made to House
Them Comfortably at
Stockton.
FINAL ARRANGEMENTS.
Everything About Ready for the
Great Admission Day
Exercises.
FEATURES OF THE CARNIVAL.
Entries for the Bicycle Races That
Are to Be Decided at Good
water Grove.
STOCKTON, Cm*. Sept. 3.— The best at
tended meeting of the Admission day com
mittee was that held at headquarters to
night. The question of providing good
dricking water for those taking part in
the line of march was taken up, and it
GOODWATER GROVE, NEAR STOCKTON, CAL.
The Half-Mile Track Where the Bicycle Meet During the Native Sons' Celebration Is
to Be Held Is Located in This Grove.
was decided to obviate all such difficulties
as was experienced last year at Sacra
mento by stationing water-carts, tilled
with ice water, at intervals along the line
of the parade, as well as placing barrels of
ice water at points where the procession
will pass from which water will be handed
to thirsty marchers.
Chairman Gus G. Grant of the carnival
committee had a very promising report to
present. Tliis committee has arranged to
place ten bands at various points along
the line of the procession on the water.
Three of these will be placed at;the three
great flourmills on the banks of Stockton
Channel and every story of the big build
ings will be brilliantly lighted.
The seven other bands will be pi aced on
yacht? and barges at intervals along the
line of parade. Two will be on the floats,
accompanying the Turn Verein Manner
chor. Arrangements have been made to
have a tug meet the twelve yachts that
have promised to take part in the pro
cession at Antioch and a committee will
go to San Francisco to-morrow to get
other tugs to tow up the launches that
wiJl come from there to participate in the
carnival.
Tne offer of the Naval Reserve to come
here for carnival night has been accepted.
Four wh leboats and a launch belonging
to the Naval Reserve will be towed up
here on the morning of the 7th inst., by
one of the boats of the California Naviga
tion and Improvement Company. The
members of the Naval Reserve will man
these boats and form part of the proces
sion on the water. They will also partici
pate, in uniform, in the street parade, and
their rifles will be brought here with the
! boats for this purpose.
Two of the big floats, one entitled "Cali
fornia" and the other representing a scene
in Hades, entitled "No Native Sons Dwell
Here," were finished to-day and the others
will be completed by the 6th inst., when
they will be accepted by W. W. Westbay.
R. P. Lane and George C. Becker of the
carnival committee. It has been arranged
that Director-General J. D. Peters and
Chairman Grant of the carnival committee
shall lead the pageant in the water in a
beautifully decorated launch. Ten mar
shals will have charge of the ten divisions
of the procession on the water, and on
every float and every boat they will have
an aid to see that every detail of the affair
is carried out according to programme.
These marshals and aids will be uniformed
in whiteduck suits and blue yachting caps,
with their badge of authority on the caps,
and their word is to be law. In this way
it is hoped that there will not be the
slightest bitch in the arrangements.
To-night Colonel J. J. Nunan of the
Sixth Regiment offered the general com
mittee the use of a number of military
tents to be put up at Good water Grove
beneath the trees, to be used by those, if
any, who find it impossible to secure
sleeping accommodations in the city. The
offer will probably be accepted, and a very
small charge be made to any who have to
sleep on the guardsmen's beds. Arrange
ments were made to-night to have several
tents erected in which meals will be
served, in order that none of the visiting
Native? or their friends may go hungry.
To-night the entries lor the great bicycle
meet at Goodwater Grove, on the after-.
noon of Admission day, closed. There
are to be four events, but the entry list has
proved so large that they will have to be
run off in heats, making practically twelve
races.
Some of the best riaers in the State,
! from both the amateur and professional
i ranks, have entered, and the race meet
1 will be one oi the best if not the best ever
held on this coast. A glance at the entry
list as given out by the committee late to
night will assure all who desire to attend
that they will see some speedy riding, es
pecially as the track is now in the best of
condition.
Already five professionals are in training
at the grove. Thes-^ are F. M. Byrnes of
the Imperial Cycling Club; W. A. Terrill.
Bay City Wheelmen; Ed Chapman of
Napa, who will ride with the Olympic
Club Wheelmen ; Dan Whitman of Los
Angeles and Oscar Osen of the Olympic
Cyclers.
The mile amateur handicap will have to
be run in four heats, as will the other
amateur events.
Following is a complete list of the
entries:
One mile, handicap, amateur — George Jack
son, C. C. W. ; Milton Mccook, unattached;
Percy R. Mott, Reliance; E. F. Flynn, Imperial
Cycling Club; W. Heathman, Stockton Road
Club; R. A. Henderson, 8. R. ('.; E.A.Webb
Jr., Imperial Cycling Club; A. W. Rice, unat
tached; G. H. Crafts, Acme; P. M. Lefevre,
Acme; E. E. Languetin, B. C. W. ; G. A.
Wyman, Acme; E. J. Smith, Acme; W. H.
Farmer, unattached ; E. J. Harris, unattached;
R. Robinson, unattached; V. J. Galindo, un
attached; F. T. Gordon, unattached; Ellis
Silisbee, unattached; B. H. Elford, Reliance;
J. C. May, C. C. W.; Otto Nelson, Reliance; N.
A. Bennett, S. R. C. ; F. C. Hansen, unattached;
W. F. Plumb, unattached; William Lonigan,
S. R. C. ; George Boole, unattached; L. A.
Payne, C. C. W.J Chares F. Bauer, C. C. W.;
L. A. Young, C. C. W.J Walter Leitch, C. C. W.;
Jacob Hirsch, C. C. W.
One mile scratch, professional — Ed. Chap
man, O. C. W. ; V. AcKerman, Petaluma Wheel-
man; D. E. Whitman, L. A. C. ; A. W. Boyden,
Acme ; R. L. Look, B. C. W.; F. M. Byrnes, I.
C. C. ; G. A. Nissen, Acme; Oscar Osen, O. C. C. ;
W. A. TerriU, B. C. W.
Half mile scratch, amateur— A. Robinson, V.
G. Galindo, F. L. Gordon and EUis Sillisbee, all
unattached; Bert H. Ellford, Reliance; I. C.
May, C. C. \V.; F. C. Hansen, Un. ; W. B.
Plumb, Reliance; L. F. Okon, Un.; William
Lonigan, 8. R. C; L. A. Payen, Cnarles F.
Bauer, L. A. Young, Walter Leitch, Jacob
Hirsch. George Jackson, all Capital City
Wheelmen; Milton M. Cook, Un.; Percy R.
Mott, Reliance; E. F. Flinn, Imperial Cycling
Club: R. A. Henderson, §, R. C; E. O. Webb,
Imp. C. C. : A.W. Rice, Un. ; G. H. Crafts, Acme;
P.M. Lefevre, Acme; E. E. Languetin, B. C.
W. ; G. A. Wyman, Acme; E. J. Smith, Acme;
W. H. Farmer, Un.; E. J. Harris, Un.
One mile handicap, professional— Ed Chap
man, O. C. W.; N. Ackerman, Petaluma Wheel
men; D. E. Whitman, L. A. C; A. M. Boyden,
Acme; R L. Long, B. C. W.; F. M. Byrne,
I. C. C. : G. A. Nissen, Acme; Oscar Osec,
O. C. C; W. A. Terrill. B. C. W.
The races will start at the grove at 1:30
on the alternoon of the 9th, and as the pa
rade will be over at noon there will be
plenty of time between the two attractions.
The regatta will not start until the races
are about over.
TROUBLE REEHING IN KORET,
Ratines Object to the Edict Against the
U«e of Opium.
BEATTLE. Wash., Sept. 3.— Naval Lieu
tenants John M. Hawlev, E. Lloyd and
! James T. Smith, lately detached from the
armored Government cruiser Detroit, ar
| rived in the city to-night from Vancouver,
having been passengers across the Pacific
I on the steamship Empress of India. They
are en route to their respeciive homes —
Boston, Washington City and New York.
Hawley is a lieutenant-commander and
was placed in command of the Detroit
j upon the departure of Commander Newell
j for this city, where the latter is now upon
I his deathbed. The lieutenant-commander
and his brother left the Detroit atChemul
lopec, Korea.
I The nava! party had as a shipmate on
' the voyaire across the Pacific the new
Korean Minister to the United States, bis
; Excellency Vi Pura Chiu. Vi proceeded
; from Vancouver to the National Capitol.
I Lieutenant Hawley learned from the
Korean Minister that there is more or less
serious trouble brewing between the
Ctiinese and Japinese governments over
the matter of the use of opium in For
j rnoFa, to say nothing of native uprisings.
It appears that Japan wants to at once
I abolish the use of opium, claiming that
un!e«-» this is done her subjects will con
tract the habit trom the natives, while by
the latter a is contended that an abrupt
prohibition of the use of the dra<r would
! result disastrously to those who Have all
1 their lives been addicted to the opium
i habit.
Johnson Wins at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 3. -The pro
fessi<Mi;il scullrace over a three-mile course
between Bob Johnson, amateur champion
of Canada; McLean, lately Stanbury's
trainer; Martin of Nanaimo. and McLean
of Kamloop. was rowed at Burrard Inlet
this afternoon. Johnson won by three
lengths. Rowinc in this race puts John
son in the professional class.
His Afcfi llroken by a fall.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 3.-The body of
Patrick Troy was found on the Cherokee
road, three miles from town this morn
ing. He had been drinking and is sup
posed to have been thrown out of a buggy
His neck was broken. Troy lived at Lodi.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
BUCKLEY'S SLATE
WORKED ALL RIGHT
The First Night of the
Democratic Municipal
Convention.
NEALON FOR CHAIRMAN
A Big and Enthusiastic Assem
blage of v Real Under-Dog
Democrats."
IT WORKED WITH PRECISION
Committees Were Appointed and the
Convention Adjourned to Satur
day Night
The municipal convention of the Buck
leyites swung beautifully and proudly into
play at B'nai B'rith Hall last night.
The first section of the well-planned and
lubricated convention programme went
through with perfect precision and much
eclat. James C. Neaion was elected tem
porary chairman and not an anti-Nealon-
Buckleyite showed his head or raised his
voice against even this part of the pro
gramme.
A committee on order of business and
one on platform and resolutions were ap
pointed, alter which tne convention
promptly adjourned until Saturday night,
when permanent organization, platform
and probably the nomination of a candi
date for Mayor, will be the features of tha
second session of the convention. To
night the committees mentioned will meet
and the reports are now ready for them.
The main hall and the galleries were
packed to the doors with as typical an
assemblage of practical municipal Demo
crats as ever rustlea the sawdust on the
floor of a San Francisco hall, and made
the air blue with all kinds of tobacco
smoke.
Keel B. Terry, in nominating Mr. Neaion,
complimented the delegates in represent
ing the "reai old-liiie, ander-dog Demo
crats" of San Francisco.
It was a massing of the old-time Buck
ley Democracy, so largely buried for four
years and now bounding forth with
aggressive confidence and with a faith that
the sun is about to shine again and the
grass to grow.
Joseph Rothschild, chairman of the
genera! committee, and D. M. Gavigan,
its experienced secretary, started the ball
and quietly saw that it stayed m its
groove.
Coadjutor "Jim" O'Brien. Maurice
Schmitt, Thomas J. G'.ynn, Dr. Btanton
and the rest of the leaders quietly watched
the smooth course of events.
At B:4up m. Joseph Rothschild called
the assemblage to order and first ap
pointed George Casey sergeant-at-arms,
with the following assistants: Peter Man
nix, James Eagan, Thomas Crowe, P. T.
Kelly, Thomas Monaghan, Edward Mul
laney.
Mr. Rothschild made a brief and appro
priate speech as he proceeded to start the
carefully arranged programme on its way.
His duty was a pleasure and he was de
lighted at tne representative and intelli
gent character of the material of tne con
vention. [Applause. j
"In your deliberations," said the
speaker, ignorine the humor of his words,
"I hope that you will be careful and con
siderate with all names submitted to you
for any office. I think you will lind
plenty of material for a ticket which the
voters of this City will indorse in Novem
ber. One thiug I wish especially to urge
is that your nominees for Supervisors and
School Directors be carefully selected from
the best material that can be found."
A minute later Reel B. Terry was on the
platform making quite a vigorous and elo
quent stump-speech in the process of
nominating J. C. Neaion for temporary
chairman. Mr. Terry was welcomed and
encouraged with much applause.
Tne nominee he was about to present
would preside over the convention in the
way it ought to be presided over — in a
Democratic way, the nominator said.
" Hie outpouring of this convention here
to-njght," the speaker said, "is for the sole
and solemn purpose of nominating a
worthy ticket to submit to the voters of
this City."
He followed a whoop for Bryan by say
ing: "It is the true, old-fashioned, under
dog Democracy that is assembled here to
night and you represent yourselves.
Those other fellows say they can't have a
primary because the decent Democrats
won't come out and vote. So a little oli
garchy proposes to relieve the members
of the party from the trouble of voting. I
won't bo personal and mention names,
but you all know whom I mean. They pro
pose to get together in a back room, put
up a ticket and appoint a convention. We
believe in primary elections and the prin
ciple that, is the cornerstone of Democ
racy, that the majority should rule. The
geutlf-man I shall name for temporary
chairman typifies this idea. He is a man
who will pive any man, whether he is
from Nob Hill or Tar Flat, a fair hearing
and a square deal. He is that tried, true
and faituful Democrat, James C. Neaion."
There was a whoop ot applause, nomi
nations were quickly closed and amid
more hurrahs Mr. Neaion -went to the
platform
Mr. Neaion on taking the stage was
greeted with cheers. He thanked the
convention for his election as temporary
chairman and said that he desired to do
something for the party in this City and
County and to do justice to all in the con
ventiou. The local party was divided and
there was need of care and prudence. It
might be possible to unite the party. This
wing hus done everything in its power to
bring unity and success.
W. T. Haverly was named for temporary
secretary. There was no other nomination
ami Haverly was quickly declared elected.
Daniel Riordan, Frank Kaufman and
Frank X. Foley elected as assistant
secretarit 1 -.
Charles McCarthy of the Forty- fourth
District moved that a committee of eigh
teen on credentials be appointed by the
chair. This was voted and a recess of ten
minutes was taken while the chair made
out his list as follows, one from each As
sembly district:
Twenty - eiehth District, Timothy Ryan;
Twenty- ninth, Timothy Regan; Thirtieth,
George Smith; Thirty-first, Cnarles J. Galla
gher; Thirty-second.John McGee;Thlrty-third.
Daniel Riordfiu; Thirty-fourth, William Mur
ray; Thirty-nfth, Michael Dolan; Thirty-sixth,
John White; Thirty-seventh, Samuel Gold
stone; Thirty-eixhth, Peter Garriiy; Thirty
ninth, M. H. Seligman; Fortieth, Henry Hart;
Forty -first, William Cook; Forty-sncond, John
Dris>coli; Forty-:hird. Thomas L. Wand; Forty
fourth, Charks McCarthy (chairman); Forty
fifth, John Phillips.
A recess of fifteen minutes for the bene
fit of the commitiee on credentials fol
lowed, and when Chairman McCarthy
made his report it was that the roll made
up from the primary election returns was
correct, and it was at once approved and
its reading dispensed with.
James H. O'Brien moved that the chair
appoint a committee of eighteen on per
manent organization and order of busi
ness, to report at the next meeting of the
convention. An amendment adding live
at Jarge was offered and discussed for two
minntes and voted down, whereat a voice
congratulated Mr. O'Brien with "3ood
boy, Jim!" The motion instructing the
chair to appoint was carried and the chair
man produced the list saying: "(ientle
men, anticipating that such a committee
would be created, I have made use of the
time during recess to name such a com
mittee and it will now be read by the sec
retary." The committee was announced
as follows:
Twenf-eighth District — Thomas Howard.
Twenty-ninth— T. M. Sweeney.
Thirtieth— T. W. Scrivener.
Thirty-tirst— J. H. O'Brien (chairman).
Thirty-K< cona— Kichard Barry.
Thirty-third— Charles Schilling.
Thirty-fourth— James J. Flinn.
Thirty-fifth— Michael Kiernan.
Thirty-sixth— William Ring.
Thirty-seventh— Hurry M. Kelly.
Thirty-eiglsth — Clmr.es Kram.
Thirty-ninth— L. F. Compton.
Fortieth— W. C. Reid.
Forty-first— Chester W. Keogh.
Forty-second— F. N*. Brooks.
Forty-third— \\ iliiam Henderson.
Forty-fourth— James Cosgrove.
Forty-fifth— Arthur Forcade.
A similar proceeding resulted in the
announcement by the chairman of the
following committee on platform and
resolutions:
Twenty-eighth District— George McEvoy.
Twenty-ninth— Thomas Brisnan.
Thirtieth— John H. Miller.
Thirty-first— R. L. Barry.
Thirty-second— Frank Norton.
Thirty-third— H. M. C Mangels.
Thirty-fourth— Dr. W. D. McCarthy.
Thirty-fifth— Joseph Elliott.
Thirty-sixth — Neuman Rose.
Thirty-seventh— E. B. Young.
Thirty-eighth— Lewis Gladstone.
Thirty-ninth— Frank Mnlloye.
Fortieth — Walter F. Lyons.
Forty-first— Henry Ach.
Forty-second— William F. Humphreys.
Forty-third— C. L. Ackerman (chairman).
Forty-fourth — David Ca'puw.
Forty-fifth— James 1. Stan ton.
Chairman Neaion requested both the
committees to meet to-night at the party
headquarters on Ellis street, and a motion
to adjourn until Saturday night was
quickly carried.
RAINEY-LANIGAN VICTORY
The Campaign Committee Decides
a Matter of Appointments.
The Junta campaign committee wrestled
and rowed until after midnight last night
over the division of power which they are
to bestow upon themselves by the appoint
ment of a larg^ number of members at
large of the Junta municipal convention.
The Kainey minority wanted the num
ber limited to 100 — five apiece all around —
and McNab wanted the number fixed at
200. The "anarchists" fixed in 140. The
Raineyite? finally joined the anarchists at
140 standard, but as it required fourteen
votes to adopt any measure, compromise
seemed impossible until midnight.
It was finally agreed that there should
be appointed 150, giving seven appoint
ments to each member of this committee
and leaving ten to be agreed upon by four
teen votes of the committee. This was a
defeat for McNab and a victory for the
anarchists and Raineyites.
The convention will be held on the 15th
inst. Appointments will be made next
Monday night.
SAN RAFAEL CHILE PARADE.
Several Thousand Orcorated Wheels Will
He in line.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 3— Every
man, woman and child who can ride a
wheel is invited to participate in the
bicycle parade to take place here on the
evening of Saturday, September 12. All
wheels are to be decorated and illumi
nated according to th; ingenuity of the
rider. The line of march will be about
fiv • miles in length. All the cycle clubs
of adjacent cities have signified their in
tention of taking part. Probably there
will be between iftOO and 2000 de'eorated
wheels in the procession.
M. S. Hotchkiss, a leading promoter of
of the event, said: 'This will be one of
largest cycle parades of the Pacific Coast.
No expense will be spared to make it a
completely successful affair. Valuable
prizes will be awarded for wheel decora
tion. This parade is purely of the cycling
department of the San Rafael Athletic
Club.
"Our club," he continued, "will soon
have one of the finest track? in California.
We shall expend at least $7000 on a three
lap tract. It will be located probably
somewhere between tne two railroad sta
tions."
BUFFETED BY A EMPROON.
' The Rarkentine Charles F. Crocker En
counter* Rough ' Weather, < '
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 3.— The barken
tine Charles F. Crocker of San ' Francisco
has arrived from Shanghai, thirty-nine
days out. When two days out it encoun
tered a terrific typhoon, and for twenty
two hours was at the mercy of the waves.
It finally got through, after losing two
sails, which were blown away before they
could be taken in.
- The storm came up very suddenly and
gradually increased in force for twenty
two hours, driving the s tip before it.
When it subsided the captain found he
had been blown back ninety miles. . It
was the worst storm he has encountered
in » forty-two years' experience. : A dense '
fog prevailed during the entire trip. .The
Crocker has been beached for repairs
after which it will load lumber for Port
Pirie.
Home JKule for San Francisco.
Every citUen who is in favor of home rule
for San Francisco against legislative interfer
ence should attend the big mass-meeting to be
held to-nipht in Metrcpoliian Temple. It will
be a public demonstration of the people in
favor of the adoption of the new charter that
will invust this City with municipal sov
ereignty and home rale. Ladies are especially
invited to attend. •
PROTECTION IS
THE CHIEF ISSUE
That Is How It Looks To-
Day in Californian
Politics.
SENTIMENT GROWING.
Sober Second Thought of a Dal
las Man on the Situa
tion.
GENERAL BARNES' WAR TALK.
Mr. Duckworth Tells H w Civiliza
tion Languishes Under Free
Coinage in Mexico.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee will meet next Saturday for the pur
pose of filling the vacancy caused by the
resignation of Colonel Crocker as a nomi
nee for Presidential elector.
Major McLaughlin, chairman of the
committee, said yesterday that, in accord
ance with a suggestion made by John D.
Spreckels, a representative of the working
men of this State would in all probability
be selected to fill the vacancy. All the
members of the committee with whom he
had conversed had expressed themselves
in favor of such an appointment, and he
himself was heartily in accord with the
idea. The workingmen of California were
entitled to have a representation on the
ticket, and he had no doubt that the com
mittee next Saturday would make the ap
pointment on the lines suggested by Mr.
Bpreckels.
Republicans visiting this City from the
interior continue the most flattering ac
counts of the feeling of the peeple in the
parts of the country in which they reside.
J. McNeill of Stanislaus County says
that there has been a great change in senti
ment in that county witnin the past two
weeks. The people realize that silver mon
ometallism will not cure the evils which
now afflict the poor, the worst of which
evils is lack of employment. Protection
is being recognized as the adequate rem
edy, because the lack of it has been so
severely felt under the present Democratic
administration, and because under the
system of low tariff American manufac
tories have languished because of the com
petition of goods made by foreign pauper
labor.
T. J. Sherwood, editor of the Marysville
Democrat, was seen at the Grand Hotel
last night. He is one of the stalwart pio
neer Republicans of the State and was for
a time Land Registrar under President
Cleveland. Mr. Snerwood is doing some
excellent campaign work and is more than
pleased with the result of nis investiga
tions.
Franklin Hull, a well-known contractor,
at present in charge of the work of build
ing the Government jetty at Eureka,
Humooldt County, reports that the people
are enthusiastic up his way for protection
and for the downfall of the Democratic
party, which they say has experimented
with this country long enough! There is
a great demand up there for Republican
literature, largely from Democrats who
believe that this country needs a change.
U. M. C. Peters of Niles, one of the best
known farmers in that neighborhood, re
ports political prospects most encouraging.
Farmers are beginning to feel that a good
deal 01 protection in their case would do
them a good deal of good by opening and
stimulating manu aciuring industries and
creatini a market for their products.
M. C. Winchell of Vallejo reports Yal
lejo as a second Vermont, true to the core
and a stayer to the last.
P. P. Primmo of Redding brings down a
good report from that loyal northland,
that Republicanism is growing stronger
there every day.
Henry A. Coilins of Stockton had little
to say in addition to the statement of
Park A. Buell in yesterday morning's
Call.
"San Joaquin County and Stockton are
solid for McKinley and protection, and
nobody can stop that wave. There are
too many workingmen there for things to
be otherwise."
There will be a rare treat at the Audi
torium, corner of Eddy and Jones streets,
next Thursday night, when General W. H.
L. Barnes, one of those rare men who im
prove as they mellow with age, will speak
on the issues of the hour. Those who
wish to hear this graceful orator will do
well to go early. The gallery will be re
served for ladies and their escorts.
SHOUT FOR McKINLEY.
The Army and Navy Republican
League Shows Its Colors
A grain.
Leland Stanford Camp 2, Army and
Navy Republican League of California,
held a large and very enthusiastic meet
ing at Kohler & Chase building, 26 O'Far
rell street, last evening.
The commander stated that 115 new
members had signed since last meeting,
making an active m mbership of 565, and
he is of the opinion that the membership
will amount before t c month of October
closes to at least 1000, making a full regi
ment and fully prepared for the battle.
Eloquent speeches were made on finance,
tariff and protection to American indus
tries by Hon. Noble Hamilton, depart
ment commander, General Robert A.
Ftiedrich, John H. Durst and Captain
Leon E. Jones. Miss Clara Demming re
cited "Barbara Fritchie" and "Battery B."
Miss Dora Johnson recited "'Widow
Green's Last Speech" and "Maid of
Gettysburg."
KOWALSKY WAS MAD.
The Election Commissioners Re
fused to Recognize His
Friends.
Colonel Kowalsky appeared before the
Election Commissioners yesterday morn
ing and demanded recognition for the
handful of queer people represented by
him, whereupon Commissioner Creswell
dryly remarked that he would relegate
those pleasures oi the mind implied in
Colonel Kowalsky's oratory until later in
the session when the citations had Deen
disposed of.
On motion of Block the colonel's appli
cation was indefinitely postponed, for the
reason that the Republican party already
had three representatives before the
board, namely Mr. Ruef, representing the
State Central Committee, and J. M.
Chretien and Alva Watt, representing the
regular Republican County Central Com
mittee.
The pink aster in Colonel Kowalsky's
buttonhole quivered with rage and chagrin
as the colonel breathed a threat that City
Engineer Tilton, who voted against him,
would probably want a nomination for
office at some time in the future, and
then, and then — but the colonel magnani
mously smothered the rest of it.
The names of the following persons
were stricsen from the reeister because
they did not answer the citation to snow
that they lived in the places sworn to by
them: ■...*.
.. He n n J7, w Scott - 1045 Market; Charles J. Hes
nn, 957 Market; John Warren, 12 Cleveland;
coot L * Goodf iue, 006 Jessie; Emil T. Spenst,
623 Jessie; William J.E. Sullivan, 1129 Mis
sion: John P. -. Mul-er, • 103 Eiehth; Carl L.
e ,^J&. 103 Eighth; Andrew- Anderson, !
11 1b.4 Howard; John H. Wilson, 28 Eighth; i
Frank J. .N'unan, 1243 Market; George Weis- i
haui>t, 1179 Market; James H. Williams, 1236 '
Howard; George W. Eichelberjter, 509 Steven
son; Charles A. hurntiam, 534 Stevenson; '
o^ e A Du -, arle - 43 Sixth; William F. Austin, j
206 Fifth; <.Tiistave Cohen. 202 Sixth; Jesse '
R. Grant, 202 Sixth; Johanson Becker 992 I
Harrison ; Louis Zacker, 1420 Mission.
The names of Gus Hemmincway, Wil
liam Scott, James Jones and John Brod
erick, employes at the Ingleside race
traclc, were dropped from the roll because
they could not read or writs. |
The contract for setting -up election
booths was awarded to William G. Hughes
for |10 35 for old booths, $47 for new
booths and $4 50 for flooring.
. ■■ «-•
THE THIRTY-FOURTH.
Speeches and Resolutions Favoring
Unied Ariion.
The executive committee of the Thirty
fourth Assembly District Republican Club
met last night at Turn Verein Hall,
Eighteenth street, between Mission and
Guerrero. A full attendance was present,
representing the bone and sinew of the
Republicans of the district. Considerable
routine work was gone through with afler
which Charles Mayers was elected chair
man and John H. Harney secretary;
William Patterson, treasurer. 1
A committee, consisting of E. W. Eus
tice, E. J. Robinson and E. B. Smith, was
appointed to draft suitable resolutions.
The committees retired and during their
absence short speeches were made by
Charles Mayers, John H. Harney, John
NEW TO-DAT.
See All Sides
Front, back, side — observe for yourself the per-
fect fit of our $9.95 Men's Sack Suits,
• There's an inherent value in these suits that
does not show at a casual glance ; it shows when
you get a good square look at them from all
sides.
Cheviots, Cassimeres and Scotch Tweeds,
latest styles, handsomely made by skilled work-
men, in our own Factory. Our price, $9.95 ;at
retail stores you pay $15 and $18. • •
Come In and see our big: Clothing Factory In operation.
A home Industry that keeps thousands of dollars from going
East never to return. Visitors welcome at any time.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54! STREET.
MANHOOD
SLIPPING
AWAY,
Look at that man, if he may. be called | creases. Finally both sets of symptoms
sucn - grow worse, and he gets weak and begins
.He is nervous, fretful, irritable. He is to lose weight. ' '
bilious, melancholy, liver torpid, , circula- Man ahoy ! The rapids are below you!
tion sluggish, digestion bad and appetite The whirlpool vortex is in sight! Your
poor. He feels run down, is easily made manhood is slipping away from you ! You
tired, and has frequent headaches. are drifting to wreck and ruin [•
That is what he talks about. But there is yet help for you, and a per-
:, And he has troubles .of a different na- feet cure, too, if you will promptly secure
ture. He has loss of pleasure in the per- the services of the learned specialist, Doc-
formance of .■ certain natural functions; tor Cook, who can tell you more about
loss of vitality and manly vigor; loss of your exact condition at one consultation
desire, feeble power, premature discharge than an ordinary physician can after
and so forth. . many weeks of fruitless treatment. He
That is what he does not talk will make out of you a man, with a man's
about, not even to his family physician, pride, a man's power, a man's privileges.
He goes to him with the first set of symp- Doctor Cook not only restores Lost
toms and gets temporary relief. But the Manhood and removes every symptom of
latter set, from which the former often it from young, middle-aged and old men,
;iJV'-.-..i-3 but he cures Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture,
- y<^|§|gP§ipi^v Syphilis, Varicocele, Hydrocele and all
/fji ■ other signs of sexual debility, deformity
fiff&l(pEjtf \ or decay. Careful attention he gives to
i^ObNoj \ every form of female complaint, and to
Wiwtfif2 J \ ailments of the Hea r t, Lunss, Liver,
S^ Jij^^k Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary
isnvrtj gpCTMfflj^?lx Organs of both sexes. Piles, Fistula, Rup-
' <3fc*V^ v I^"^ \t ture and Chronic Catarrh come within his
I '-^uM^**^ L Doctor Cook particularly desires chronic,
obstinate, deep-seated diseases that have
/v baffled the skill of other physicians and
/\lffl Ralriiiißr resisted their treatment. His thoughts
• Jss%. F~sr^rT ' are continuously with stubborn cases and
Blf lPviiSiv iw^S 1 Doctor Cook has developed a system of
€SBw^*9 ■ home treatment by correspondence that
: .rwiafl^am . •/: TONSIL , is absolutely perfect and always satisfac-
' : ■ tory. Therefore, .if . you live out of the
, • . DOCTOR COOK. , city and cannot come to the doctor's office
»-i « k.v ♦ 'v- ; „ „ „■ • write him. Describe your troubles freely
arise he keeps to himself. He suffers in and without -reserve, in your own way
oondftfon C V ■>? odin erl V 8 unman] and be. assured that your letter will be
tZ h lnth ° mea , n t ™« heCa ntcon - carefully concealed from curious eyes!
trol his actions. His feeble power gives | Ofilce houra 9t012 A . M 2to 5 and 7to 8
way to unnatural lust. His wanton cray- p.m.; Sundays, from 10 to 12 a. m. only,
ings increase as his ability to gratify de- Address * ...
DOCTOR. COOK,
865 MARKET STREET, Opposite Baldwin Hotel,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. A
Jackson, Percy Beamish, William Patter
son, George W. Elder. C. C. Butt, B. D.
Bowley, P. D. Code Jr., Cord Wetjen,
William Lowenberjr and F. J. Hurst.
The committee on resolutions returned
and presented the following report, which
was unanimously ;rdopted:
Whereas, The Repub:ican National Conven
tion has deemed it for the best interest of the
Republican party to select for its standard
bearers tne Hon. William McKinley and the
Hon. Garret Hobart; aud whereas, said con
vention has declared in favor of a monetary
system that will result in great good to all
classes ot our people, and a tariff that will pro
tein alike the industries of our country and
the wiige-earner; therefore be it
Resolved. That we, the members of the execu
tive committee of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District Official Republican Club, do heraby
indorse the nominees of the Republican party
and the platform on which ihey stand.
Whereas, The leaders of our par:y, together
with the regular County Committee, are ex
erting their best energies" for the advancement
ot the principles of Republicanism and the
success of the ticket, both National and muni
cipal; and whereas, the County Committemen
of this district— John Jaokso'n and K. H.
Schlueter— are working on the lines laid down
by the party leaders and County Committee In
their efforts for uarmony and to bring about
unity oi action among the Republicans of this
difirici; therefore be it
Rtsolvid, By the executive committee of the
Thiriy-fourth Assembly District Oflicial Re
publican Club tlidt we do hereby indorse the
action of our leader and the County Commit
tee; and be it further
-Resoled, That we approve of the efforts of
said County Committeemeu, John Jackson and
R. H. bchlueter, In their attempts in unifying
all elements of our district.
John Jacfton, E. W. Eustice, E. 1/Rob
inson, Percy Beamish and William Raisch
were appointed a committee to secure per
manent headquarters for the use of the
club. They were given full power to act.
A committee on ways and means was
also appointed ns foflows: George W.
Elder, Cord Wetjen. B. D. Bowley, Wil
liam Cashman and E. B. Smith.
Captain F. D. Mullin offered his serv
ices as drillmaster for a drill corps.
The next meeting; will be held in the
largest hall in the Mission, and prominent
speakers will be present.
56
FRIDAY '.SEPTEMBER 4, 1866
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. j
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Po*tage Fre«t
DaUy and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier. $0.15
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, «ix months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cai.l., three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .60
Sunday Calx, one y<ar, by mail 1.60
Vuhy Call, one year, by mall • l*6o
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
it*, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for yon will
miss it. Order! given to the carrier or left at
ButlnaM Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE »
710 Market Street,
. Cm Francisco, California.
Telephone \ Maia-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone : Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 STontfomery street, corner L'hiy; open natU
8:80 o'clock. *
BS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 liSxkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 Klnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICBt
Stos Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE 1
Rooms SI and 82, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOI/TZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRKSIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB TICF-PRHBiDEXT—
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
KI-KCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
At last all the tickets are in the field and
still Tom Watson hasn't found his place.
The Indianapolis convention succeeded
in finding two generafs to lead the way,
but where are the rank and file.
Bryan talks so much that his title "the
boy orator" has been changed to that of
"wearisome Willie," and the end is not
yet.
Bryan has not yet completely upset the
Democratic band wagon, but he has
spilled out a great many of the old horn
blowers.
To every home the protection oi the
home industry is certainly the chief issue
of politics as long as that industry is
assailed.
Buckner made an unconditional surren
der to Grant at Fort Donelson, but the
old hero has too much backbone to sur
render to Bryanism.
Palmer and Bnckner would be a strong
ticket if the Democratic party were be
hind it, but unfortunately for the ticket
it is behind the party.
Bryan's objection to the use of hickory
as an emblem of the gold Democrats is not
the first time that noisy boys have been
heard complaining of hickory in the
handj of the old man.
"Hard wheat, hard money and McKin
ley" was the cry of a North Dakota vet«
eran in the Grand Army parade at St.
Paul, and the whole wheat-producing
country will respond to it.
The Indianapolis platform will be a raft
of refuge for old Democratic politicians
who can't take to the swim and are afraid
of the tidal wave, but the great mass of
the people will join the Republicans in
the ark of prosperity.
Before long the people will get tired oi
listening to Bryan's platitudes about
money and will begin to ask him ques
tions about the tariff, and then we shall
see Democracy take to the woods and leave
the field to the Populist?.
Some conservative Democrats may find
satisfaction in voting for the Indianapolis
ticket, but it they have good business
sense they will take no chances with
Bryanism but cast a straight vote for
McKinley and prosperity.
When LA Hung Chang was asked what
impressed him most at his reception iv
New York the interpreter replied: "The
Viceroy says he knows something but
Will keep it to himself." Fo it seems we
are not to know what he thought of
Grover.
Li Hung Chang expressed surprise that
our Government should exclude cheap
labor while admitting cheap goods, and it
must be conceded his surprise was well
founded. It. takes s Democratic word
juggler to justify free trade and Chinese
exclusion in the same platform.
The campaign of education has no
better object lesson in the need of protec
tion to California Industry than is afforded,
by the exhibit of home products at the
Mechanics' Pavilion. Every citizen should
see it and particularly should it be
studied by those who are inclined to free
trade.
On the newly appointed Democratic
National Committee the only persons of
National repute are Senator Jones, Senator
Gorman and Senator Tillman, and it will
be seen from this that the combination is
abont as smooth on one side and as rough
on the other as any board that can be
found.
The Grand Army of the Republic is not
a partisan organization and yet in the
grand parade, 1(3,000 strong, at St. Paul on
Wednesday we are told "There was fre-
Quent cheering for McKinley by veterans
and spec»ators all along the line." The
army boys know their old comrade of the
war and are with him to a man.
The issce of the campaign . is now ma9e
clear: Conservative Democracy stands
for gold monometallism, Populist Democ-
racy for silver monometallism, and the
Republican party for bimetallism; so
every man has an opportunity to vote for
the exact financial policy he believes to be
best and the result will show clearly what
the people wish.
"We cannot make bedfellows of our
life-long antagonists even in a night of
furious storm and thick darkness," baid
Chairman Caflery to the . Indianapolis
convention ; and of course if he and his
friends haven't sense enough to come in
out of the wet there is no reason why Re
publicans should complain. We would
have taken them in only out of charity,
anyhow. *
OUR VETERAN SOLDIERS.
The veterans of the Union armies deserve
and should receive fair treatment and gener
ous recognition. Whenever practicable they
should be given the preference in the matter of
employment, and they are entitled to the en
actment of such laws as are best calculated to
secure the fulfillment of the pledges made to
them in the dark days of the country's peril.
We denounce the practice of the Pension
Bureau, no recklessly and unjtislly carried on
by the present administration, of reducing
pensions and arbitrarily dropping names
from the rolls, as deserving the severest con
demnation of the American people. — liepnb-
Hcun National Platform.
It is not altogether sentiment that makes
the people of the United States solicitous
about the welfare of the veterans of the
War of the Rebellion. To be sure there is
always a feeline of admiration for the
sublime heroism of our veteran soldiers,
and we like to hear them tell of battles,
sieges and "hair-breadth 'scapes," but
underlying it all there is a duty which
confronts the Nation — a duty that should
be measured by tfce worth of the Nation's
life, which the soldiers of the war of
18til-«5 saved.
It is not expected that the veterans of
our armies stiould have more than fair
treatment at the hands of the Govern
ment, nor do they ask for more, but that
much they should have given* to them,
and cheerfully given. They are not
paupert nor are they mendicants that
the Government should extend mate
rial assistance, but they served their conn
try faithfully and well at a time when
j they were needed to save the Nation from
I destruction, and they answered the call to
! arms with uo thought of compensation for
the present nor of reward in the future.
The Nation had to be saved Irom de
struction, and to save it was enough.
That was years ago, when they were in
tna vigor and prime of early manhood,
but now the exposure and the hardship
I of camp life is telling upon them, and
they have not that physical strength they
would have had their early years all been
spent in the pursuits of peace, and hence
the Nation owes them a debt tnat cannot
be paid in sentiment and gratitude alone.
There should, there must be, assured to
them substantial recognition of their im
portance to the country at a time when
] tne whole weight of the people's civil lib
erties and business enterprises was put
upon their shoulders to be carried through
the storm that raged so long and so fu
riously. It is their right, and it is the
Nation's duty. It is a debt of Honor that
tbe Nation owes, and the Nation i- in
honor bound to pay it in full.
The pension question is not one of poli
tics. It is a question of right. The Demo
cratic party does not appreciate as highly
as it should the relation the veterans of
the Union armies sustain to the life
of the Nation, and hence it is not
disposed to accord them all the rights
which are theirs under the unwritten laws
of gratitude. The Democratic party does
not take that lofty view of the Nation's
duty to its saviors it should, nor is it
the business of veteran soldiers to ask why
it does not. On the other hand, the Re
publican party is free to admit that the
Nation owes a debt to the preservers of its
life, end that it would be dishonorable to
shave it or discount it a farthing. It should
follow therefore, it would seem, that the
veterans of tbe war of the Union armies
would not have vo be asked to give their
moral support and vote to one who is not
only an old comrade, but to one who is
pledged to see that the Government gives
them all that is their due, which is all
they ask.
The Chicago platform has the stamp of our
parly and claims it* allegiance, but it is a
mere simulacrum, a form without the sub
stance of Democracy, and no Democrat is
bound by it, nor is it entitled to his fealty.
It is tint lshmael of platforms. It raises
its hand against some of the principles o)
both parties and nearly all the jirinciplex o)
the Democratic party. It is begotten of the
unhallowed union between so-called Democ
racy, Populism and Viitnrlni, ninl that thr
Scriptures may he fulfilled "it vi!l be. a fugi
tive and a wanderer on the face of the e'irtli."
— S> nator differ)/.
BRYAN'S IGNORANCE
>o aoubt tnis is a campaign of educa
tion, but it is very clear that Mr. Bryan is
not being greatly benefited. He told some
Ohio farmers the other day that "the Ire«
and unlimited coinage of silver at 10 to 1
will maintain the parity between gold and
s-ilver." Of course what he was trying to
prove was that the free and unlimited
coinage of silver would advance the price
of bullion to the coin value, and to clinch
the argument he said: "If any person in
your community would stand ready to
take all the wheat brought to his office at
a dollar a bushel nobody in this commu
nity would sell for less than a dollar a
bushel."
Either Mr. Bryan believes the farmers
of Ohio to be too thick-headed to under
stand a plain business proposition or he is
himself devoid of reasoning faculties, and
it is the latter most likely. Hitherto Mr.
Bryan has insisted that it was not a ques
tion of value of silver as a commodity, but
merely a question of declaring by legisla
tive enactment that 50 or any other num
ber of cents' worth of silver is the equiva
lent of 100 cents' worth of gold to main
tain the parity between the metals, but
now his position is that of the ultra gold
bug, though he probably does not know it.
Admitting that it would be necessary to
advance the market price of silver he takes
the bullion in the gold dollar as the unit
as well as the standard of value by which
to determine how much silver shall ad
vance to establish parity between them.
That is what he told the farmers of Ohio
really means, but he did not mean that It
should be taken that way, although he
stated a fact. However, the word "parity"
is not to be found in the Chicago platform,
and hence Mr. Bryan has no right to em
ploy it when referring to tbe coinage ques
tion. The declaration of his party means
silver monometallism and the expulsion
of gold from all American channels of
business.
When Mr. Bryan asks if any perron
would sell wheat at less than a dollar
when some one stood ready to pay a dol
lar, he 13 exposing his own ignorance or is
trying to mislead. He gives the impres
sion that free coinage means that the Gov
ernment would become a buyer of silver
bullion, whereas the Government would
not buy the metal at all. It would simply
convert it into disks and put its stamp
upon them. The Government's relation to
the transaction would correspond to that
of a public inspector and weightmaster of
commodities who certified to the qual
ity and quantity of the thing inspected
and weighed, tnd the Government's
stamp upon silver disks or dollars
would no more fix their purchasing
power than would the Inspector and
weightmaster's certificate fix the value of
the commodity he handled. If Mr. Bryan
knows this to be true he deliberately
misrepresented an economic fact to the
Ohio farmers, and if he does not know it
to be true he should retire to an economic
kindergarten.
Every schoolboy knows that the Gov
ernment could not declare anything a
THE SAX FKAJNCISCO CALL, JtItiUAVT, SEPTEMBER 4, 1596.
legal tender except for debts where no
mention is made for payment in a specific
thing. Gold nor silver nor paper money
could be made a legal tender in current
transactions. Mr. Bryan appears to under
stand, if lie tells tbe truth, that under free
coinage the Government would bave to
take all offerings of silver on tlie basis of
parity between silver and gold as to their
purchasing and redemption value, but
nothing of the kind would or could obtain.
T'je ouly way under the shining sun by
which silver can be put into the operations
of commerce on a parity with gold in cur
rent transactions is for tnose who conduct
commerce to agree that it shall be done,
and that is what tho Republican party
proposes to do. You can lead a horse to
the river, but you cannot make him drink,
any more than you can make a California
farmer accept money that he does not
want for his products.
# It is not an increase in the volume of money
which it the need of the. time, but an
increase in the volume of business. Not
an ihcrease of coin, but an increase of
confidence. Hot more coinage, but a more
active use of the money coined- Ant open
mints for the unlimited coinage of the silver
of the world, but open mills for the full and
unrestricted labor, of American lab or ing men.
— McKintey. ' ' '
ADMISSION DAY.
With the campaign, the State Fair at
Sacramento and the home-'ndustry ex
hibit at Mechanics' Pavilion, Californians,
it would seem, have about as much as they
can attend to with any marked degree of
inierest or energy. There is, however,
another call upon their attention and
activities. Admission day is near at hand,
Stockton is preparing a festival that will
eclipse all celebrations of the kind and
native sons and daughters are getting
ready to lay aside party spirit for a time
to rejoice iv the exultation of a mutual
patriotism and Californian pride.
With each recurrir.g celebration of Ad
mission day the native youth of the State
finds itself more and more potent and in
fluential in all departments of California
life. Business, society, politics, art and
literature are all passing more or less into
the control of young men and women who
were born in California and naturally feel
for it a devotion even more intense than
that of pioneers and argonauts, who love
it for the services they nave rendered it
and the rewards it has given. With the
growing power of the children of ncr soil,
California will of course find an increase
of civic and State patriotism among her
people. There will be a lessening of the
comparative influence of those who come
to the State simply to make a fortune for
themselves and an increasing influence of
those who seek the welfare of the whole
commonwealth and desire to make it the
foremost State in the Union.
When we consider the rapid growth of
i the native element in our population it
| must be accounted a most fortunate thing
that the young men and women who are
so soon to manage the affairs of the State
are not growing up in ignorance of its
wide variety of soil and climate and re
sources. The annual celebrations of the
i Native Sons and Native Daughters lead
! them to visit all parts of the State. They
.seethe north, the center and the south;
! the mountains, the interior valleys and
| the seashore; they learn by direct obser
i vation more or less about all sections of
' California, and come into contact and in
tercourse with the people of all sections.
Through these meetings they learn to
know their State, to know one auother
and to Enow how to act together. Thus
tuey acquire an intelligence beiittinfr their
devotion, and when in the natural order
of things the management of California
: affairs passes almost wholly into their
! hands there can be no question but it will
i be conducted with a greater knowledge of
j what fs best as well as with a more patri
otic desire to do what is best.
We have said before it is a fortunate
thing the celebration this year is to be
held at Stockton. In a certain sense we
have reached what may be called the era
of new development in the San Joaquin
Valley. That wide region, of waich
Stockton is one of the foremost industrial
and commercial centers, promises to go
forward in the next few years with a more
rapid and more wide-spreading movement
than any similar area in the State, or per
haps in the Union. It is well that the
Native Sons and Daughters should go
there and study the conditions on the
spot. There will be a pro tit for them in
all they learn, if they apply it well.
/' is not an increase in the volume of money
which is the need of the time, bui an increase
in the volume of business; not an increase of
coin, but an increuse of confidence; not more
coinage, but a more active use of the monei/
coined; not open viints for the unlimited
coinage of silver, but open mills for the full
and unrestricted labor of American working
men. The employment of our mints for the
coinage of silver wotitd not bring the necessa
ries and comforts of life back to our people. —
McKinley.
THE INDIANAPOLIS CONVENTION
The woric of the Chicago convention
must be nauseating beyond all endurance
when Democrats turn away from it. How
ever, the platform, aside from the money
question and the attack upon the federal
judiciary, is fully in accord with Demo
cratic principles and traditions, and hence
it must be tbe convention so overloaded
the ticket with Altgeldism that the old
wheelhorses of the party refuse to pull.
But, anyway, the single gold standard
members of the party held a convention
at Indianapolis, Ind., yesterday and nom
inated a ticket to their liking, and now
they are going before the country to ask
for votes— and they will pet a few. *
Had they been less partisan and more
patriotic they would have indorsed the
nomination of Major McKinJey, which
they could have done very consistently,
for according to their own utterances it
should be the chief end of every lover
of American institutions to pre
vent Bryan's election. They say his
election would be a National calamity,
and they admit that Major McKinley
would at least give the country an honest
and safe administration. But they are so
intensely partisan that they will listen to
notning that does not bej?iu and end with
'"Democrat."
The nominees, Senator Palmer of Illi
noia and ex-Governor Buckner of Ken
tucky, are undoubtedly men of high char
acter and imbued with a spirit of patriot
ism that cannot be questioned, but they
are faulty in juderaent. No one who is
disposed to put the safety of the country
above party politics will dispute with the
"National Democratic party" when it de
clares that Bryan's election would be a
terrible misfortune to the country, but that
is all the more a good reason why the en
tire opposition to Altgeldism should con
centrate upon Major McKinley.
The mistake the promoters of the
Indianapolis convention make is in mis
apprehending the real needs of the coun
try. It is not now so much a question of
a monetary system as it is a question of
putting the industries and other business
enterprises- of tbe country in shape to
require the employment of money. The
masses are not complaining about our
forms of money. It is because they have
no opportunity to earn money that they
complain. Capital is not complaining be
cause of any inherent or acquired weak
ness, but it complains that it has no oppor
tuuity to engage in business .with safety.
Home capital does not feel like going to
work la competition with capital of coun
tries whose wage schedules enable them to
bring their products to America and control
our markets. Our farmers are not bother
ing their heads over financial problems.
They want our industries in operation
and giving employment to our hun
dreds of thousands of working people so
tnat they may have money to buy farm
products. It is only the Bryanites who
are howling for a radical change in our
form of money. Tbe country's business
enterprises need protection against foreign
competitors who have the advantage of
pauper and other cheap labor. Our banks
want a revival of business so they may
tind customers for their idle money.
Wage-earners aie demanding work: and
not new * styles and shapes of money.
These are the things tne people of the
United States want, and hud the Indian
apolis convention been more patriotic and
less partisan it would have indorsed the
Presidential candidate who can and will
give the people what they desire.
We cannot help labor by reducing the vahf,
of the money in which labor ts paid. The
way to help labor is to provide it with steady
work and good wages always paid in good
money — money as sound as tltf- Government
and as unsnllied as the flag.— William Mc-
Kinley.
DUTY OF REPUBLICANS.
Although the belief prevails everywhere
that iMajor McKinley will have fully three
fourths of the electoral votes, it is the
fact, nevertheless, that Bryan's wild aud
reckless threats are disturbing business
very seriously. The Ed^ar Thomson
Steel Workg closed down yesterday, not so
much because there is really any danger
of Bryan ever having an opportunity to
put his theories in practical operation as
because of a disposition which runs all
through the business world to prepare for
the worst. It is unfortunate that this is
so. but it would be foolish to try to make
ourselves believe that the situation is
other than what it is. Capital is always
timid when threatened, and while Bryan's
attacks upon the country's industries and
commerce will fall harmless, the fact re
mains that they are doing immense harm
just now.
The industries of the country could not
afford to be caught with a large stock of
either raw material or finished product
when November comes if the election
returns should show that Bryan was
elected, and hence it is only business
prudence to keep near the shore. There
is no doubt, however, that if all who are
opi>osed to the revolutionist would organ
ize themselves into clubs and thus show
an enthusiastic determination to give
Bryanism its deathblow at the polls there
would be a speedy revival in all lines of
basic***, for tnen commerce and trade
would know for sure that the people un
derstood the dangers that threaten and
were prepared to meet them.
CAMPAIGN HUMOR.
•What do they mean by parity?" "Oh! it
means that one kind of dollar is just as hard j
to get as the othe«\"— Puck.
A candidate who can prance and shout and
won't prance and shout must be made to
prance and shout.— Buffalo Express.
Tammany Tim— Why is Tammany Hall like j
a counterfeit ailyer dollar? Dr. Parkhurst— i
It has a dishonest ring. — Boston Post.
Silverite— l wonder why they have a woman's
face on the silver dollar? Gold man (sarcasti
cally)— Emblematic of bother.— Boston Post.
Bryan may not have any whiskers, but he
can furnish a lovely lot of wind to blow
through the foliage oj those wno have them.
Buffalo Express.
"Is the colonel speaking yet?" "Yes; he's |
just called you a liar." 'If that's the case he
must be pretty well through. PleaHe hand me !
my shotgun."— Atlanta Constitution.
"I would ask you to speak to-day," said the
campaign manaver, "but the platforms are
full." "Good Lord!" cried the new candidate,
"have I got to go off and start a new party ?" —
Atlanta Constitution.
When the average politician pets home late
these nights he averts a storm by telling his
wife there was a deadlock on the convention,
and, having no key to the situation, he couldn't
get out.— Atlanta Constitution.
Friend— lt is shocking to think of the possi
bility of the United States going on a silver
basis.
His Lordship— Monstrous! Monstrous! Why,
the consequent depreciation of American se
curities ought to be a good ground for di
vorce.—Puck.
"You're discharged!" roared the free-silver
man. "What's the matter?" asked the band
master. "You were engaged as an unpartisan
person, and the first tune you played as we
marched up the street was 'Her Golden Hair
W;i< Hanging Down Her Back!"— Washington
Star.
"I have called to see yon, Mr. Goldby," said
the reporter, "to get an expression of your
views as to the political situation." 'W^ll?'
"What do you think of 10 to 1?" "I think it
is." said Mr. Goldby. The reporter looked
puzzled. -Ii what,, sir?" he asked. "Just
about that," said Goldby, "just about 16 to 1."
"But— ah— lC to 1 what?" "Sixteen chances
to one, my dear boy, that you won't get an ex
pression of views from me. I'm going to run
for Congress, my friend."— Harper's Bazar.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Income Tax— G. W. L., Red Bluff, Cal.
When the income-tax law was declared un
constitutional the returm were not far
enough advanced to form a correct estimate of
what th e revenue would have been from that
source.
*W Brodie— P., City. Steve Brodie, who
Is soon to appear in this City, Is the man who
gained fame from having jumped into the
tast Kiver from Brooklyn bridge. The jump
whs from the line of the path lor pedestrians,
l\io ieet aU>ve the water.
A Contract— J. A. D., Oakland. Cal. An obli
gation payable in gold coin must be paid in
gold, and it has so been held. The monetary
system oi this country Ik that an obligation
may be paid In gold or in standard silver dol
larß, unless otherwise expressed in the contract.
A War Token— B. W., Woodland, Cal. The
piece you have is one of a large number of
tokens that were issued during the War of the
Rebellion. Numismatists do not offer any
premium for them. Such tokens may bt> pur
chased at the rate of fifteen lor a quarter, ail
different.
HiGH-WATKa Mabk— H. R., South San Fran
cisco, Cal. The land fronting on tbe ocean
beach, 300 yards above high-water mark at
tbe point you describe, is undoubtedly private
property, and no one would have a right to
camp there "for a month or so" without con
sent of the owner.
Easto.v a Wheel— C. C, City. If you will
watch Tub Call daily and read the account of
the relay race now being ridden on wheels to
New, York City you will know just exactly
what route to take if you intend to wheel it
to the Empire City. This department cannot
advise you as to the amount of cash you
should carry on such a trip. The best way to
do is to take enough lor immediate wants, de
posit an amount in this City and draw against
it by telegraph as you require it.
For the New Charter.
Mass-meeting to-night at Metropolitan Tem
ple under the auspices of the Citizens' Charter
Association. The publio is cordially invited
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Robert S. McDonald, paymaster for the last
eighteen years of the Guatemala Central Rail
road, for a lone time owned by the Southern
Pacific Company, is at the Occidental. He
came up on yesterday's steamer.
It is the first time in all the eighteen years
that Mr. McDonald has been out of Guatemala,
so assiduously has he attended to business.
Besides this he has lived in Guatemala con
tinuously since 1860, with, the exception of a
! brief trip to England years ago.
Iv consequence of his long stay and his un
remitting attention to business his health has
become impaired, and he will remain in Cali
fornia for some time and try and recover it.
I He will be here for a little while, he says, and
Robert S. McDonald, Now at the Occidental, for Eighteen Years Paymaster of
the Guatemala Central Railroad.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artisL]
will then go to Oakland, Santa Clara, Mon
terey, Los Angeles and San Diego.
Mr. McDonald is a pioneer railroad man in
tOuatemala. lie superintended the construc
ion of mucn of the Guatemala Central Rail
road.
He says Guatemala is enjoying very unusual
prosperity, something singular wnen the dull
ness pervading most of the world is considered.
"It grows largely out of the arranging for
the exposition and the Duilding of the North
ern Railway to the Atlantic side, I suppose,' j
he said. '"There is more than 100 miles of this |
road already completed ana the work is being
pushed right along.
"Since General Reyna Barrios became Presi
dent there has been prosperity all over Guata
mala. He is. young and enterprising and
anxious to do all he can for his country.
'•There is a very good coffee crop down there
this year. It is considerably over the average
and, though it may seem strange, prices are
her there than here. The best coffje costs
DO cents a pound and common coffee is worth
from 25 to 37 cents. This, is in silver money,
the only money we have there. Gold is very
high. It is worth 118 per cent. I had to pay
$218 for $ 100 In gold. The exchange is very
heavy.
"Prices for everything in Guatemala are
high. But things are- active and altogether
everybody Is well satisfied witn the condition
of business." . : ' ■
THE FASHIONABLE SLEEVES.
One group shows a tight sleeve with draped
puffs and a leg-o'-mutton tight and wriukled
below the elbow.
Smaller sleeves Rre no longer a mere rumor,
they have mat"ritili/cvi in the fall gowns, and
though they are stylish, pretty and becoming,
they will not completely rout t lie lanrer
shapes. For tne full sleeve is too comfortable
to be discarded entirely. But the woman who
I wishes to keep abreast or ahead rather of the
i fashions will have at least one pair in tier
Lt -.I gown probably.
The close, fated sleeve, with full but short I
draped puff is the finest model. It is made of
> one or two fabrics. One seen was of green
'and blue Dresden silk with the putt' of blue i
! canvas cloth matching the waist and skirt.
Another was entirely of tbe silk of which
the guvrn wan made.
Sleeves with a close lining over which tne
fabric is wrinkled below the elbow are a
favorite style for this fall. - Thin fabrics look
best treated in this manner, but taffetas and
the thinner woolen fabrics arwraade after this |
model. The lining is a small leg-o'-mutton 1
shape.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
There would be very few windows broken if
they waited for tbe man without sin to cast
the first stone.— New Orleans Picayune.
Silver men wlft> want to "argue" with us on
the streets must carry chairs; we are tired of
arguing standing. — Atchison Globe.
The Paris "Matin" states that M. Gambon,
Governor-Genefal of Algeria, proposes to come
forward as a candidate for tbe office of chair
man of the Suez Canal Company.
A college chum of Tom Watson says that the
Populist nominee for Vice-President was the
hardest student he ever saw. He would read
bo persistently through the night that often
the next day his eyes would be contracted and
bloodshot, giving him tbe appearance of a
man recovering from a debauch, and the ques
tion was frequently asked: "doesn't Watson
drink?" He was too poor to buy oil, and it was
his custom 10 arrange a row of chairs before a
pine-knot fire and He there reading history till
early In the morning.
Mrs. E. L. Loring of Washington goes in
swimming every day In the bathing t>ond at
Appledore and regularly swims four times
around the pond. As she is 85 years old, the
islanders claim that tbe smartest old lady on
the coast is a guest there.
A striking story i 3 told by Darwin in the
life of his grandfather. Dr. Darwin, of Shrews
bury. One day a patient entered the consult
ing-room of a London physician and detailed
the symptoms of his illness. It was an obscure
and difficult case, of a kind that was only im
perfectly understood, and the London doctor
confessed himself fairly puzzled. He could
only state that the patient was in a most
perilous condition. "There is but one man in
England who understands the disease," said
the London doctor, "and you should go and
consult him. It is Dr. Darwin of Shrewsbury."
"Alas!" was the answer, "I am that Dr.
Darwin."
A SUMMER TINGLE
When the sun is bis zing and blistering down
Anl roasting your very soul.
Don't walk through the world with a sigh and a
frown,
For isn't Ice cheaper than coal,
My dear:
Ah, iau't ice cheaper than coal?
Suppose the rod roses were under the snow —
That the blizzards of winter should roll;
That the mules to the music of sleigh-bells should
go—
Wonid there not be a corner in coal,
.My dear:
Would there not be a corner in coal?
O mourn not that summer is summer md«
Nor shirk the wild weathtr s control;
The sun's in the summer to freshen anJ feed,
And ice it is cheaper than coal.
My dear.
Now, isn't ice cheaper than coalT
—Atlanta Constitution.
PERSONAL.
T>. A. Russell of lowa Hill Is in town.
Dr. J. T. Stanton of Chicago is at the Palace.
Dr. G. A. Case of Fresno arrived here yester
day.
Postmaster G. H. Cftllen of Williams is in the
City.
W. 11. Hoopers of the Falcon mine is at the
Grand.
Dr. H. T. Thornton of Portland is at the
Grand.
District Attorney E. Swinford of Colvsa i& at
the Grand.
M. E. Flaherty, a business man of Cornwall,
is in the City.
J. P. Carlson, cashier of the Bank of Merced,
is at the Lick.
W. H. Williams of Williams, Colusa County,
5s in the City.
J. 11. Whitehead of Modoc County is at the
International.
Crossby Dorkinsof Jacksonville, Fla., arrived
here yesterday.
J. O. Jillson and wife of Hornbrook are at
the Cosmopolitan.
F. A. Hilra, the millionaire of Santa Cruz, is
at the Occidental.
M. Rahilly, a wealthy farmer of Merced, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
William Collins of Alaska is among the ar
rivals at the Russ.
John G. Mogk, the extensive grain-dealer, of
Colusa, is in town.
Rev. E. J. tt. Van Deerlin of Grass Valley ar
rived here yesterday.
Th.Vinchhoffer of Bremen was among the ar
rivals here yesterday.
Otto Orunsky, the Recorder of Stockton, is
here on a business trip.
Lieutenant A. C. Baker of the United States
Navy is at the California.
\V. S. Godbe, the wealthy mining man, of Salt
Lake, is at the Occidental.
William A. Seaman of Santa Monica has ar
rived hero for a short stay.
R. B. Butler of Fresno, the extensive fruit
raiser, is on a visit to the City.
A. Burrows, the attorney, of Grass Valley, is
au.ong the arrivals at the Grand.
Mrs. Johnson, a resident nud land-owner of
Centerville, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Superior Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento
came down to the Bay City last night.
The Rev. L. B. Ridgely of Salt Lake is at the
Occidental accompanied by his bride.
D. B. Keiser, a prominent official ofjthe
Southern Pacinc, at Houston, Tex., is in the
City.
John West of Catbjamet, on the Columbia
River, is in the City accompanied by Mrs
West.
Dr. J. S. Barrett, autopsy physician at the
Morgue, is confined to his home with the
rheumatism.
Charles Rule, who is interested in an ex
tensive ranch near Duncans Mills, is regis
tered at tbe Grand.
Alexander McDonald, of the Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad and who owns mines in
Mojave County, is in the Oity.
The Rev. Henry G. C. Halleck of Steuben
ville, Ohio, who is bound to Shanghai, Cnina,
as a missionary, is at the Occidental.
£. F. Schumacher, the original locator and
owner of the Bald Eagle mine, fifty miles south
of Juneiu, Alaska, la at the Commercial.
Dr. James L. Ord of Pacific drove, the pio
neer who arrived here with Commander Stock
ton, is among the guests of the Occidental.
A. P. Perry of Round Valley, Mendocino
County, who was one of the witnesses in the
recent murder trials at Weavervillc, is in the
City.
W. 11. McKenzie, formerly cashier of one of
the savings banks at Fresno and now inter
ested in the abstract business there, is in the
City.
S. C. Shale, who is interested in mining In
Sierra County and in Arizona, i" In town. For
some time past he has been developing his
mining properties near The Needles.
Steve Brodie, the bridge jumper and sporting
man, who is now a member of the "On the
Bowery" Company, is at the Baldwin, accom
panied by Charles Barton, manager of the
company.
Fred Cook, who for some years was engaged
in gold mining in Ecuador, and who is now
superintendent of the App mine, Tuolumne
County, owned by W. A. Nevills and others, is
on a visit here.
Ex-Governor Percy L. Sherman of Illinois,
who is interested in some gold properties at
Mojtelumne Hill, Calaveras County, is at the
Palace. He is in California In connection
with his mining interests.
P. Pineili, a gold mine owner of Chihuahua,
Hex., is at the Commercial. He says the
Rothchilds have recently purchased three
miles square of piacer and quartz mines there,
and that they will work them extensively.
Sam Harris, known as tbe king of pean fish
ers on account of the large quantities he has
taken from the waters of Tahiti in recent
years, and who has been here buying goods
for some time past, has sailed for home. He is
said to be worth, nearly a million dollars, all
made in the last few years.
Judge John P. Shaffer, the discoverer of the
first mine in White Hills, Ariz., and the
founder of that camp, Is on a visit here. The
Judge is an old-time mining man on the Pa
cific Coast, and has discovered three or four of
the best mines in Utah and Nevada. He has
been rich and poor several times.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 3.— The Misses
E. B. and H. A. Costle, Mr. Ferdinand Frick,
Mr. William Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. H. Levi
and Master Milton L. Levi leit for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Hamburg on the Hamburg
American packet Normannia. At the St.
Cloud— H. O. Buck: Amsterdam— Misi P.
Campbell; Normandie — W. M. Randal; Ash
land — J. F. Sheridan ; Metropolitan — L. Stagge
and wife; Imperial — H. A. Clarke, Mrs. I.
Clarke; Windsor— E. Room and wife. Mrs.
Susan J. Fenton, Miss Catherina Phillips and
Miss Freda Krose left the St. Cloud to sail for
Europe. _^____ m ____^__^__
A COMET AMONG CANDIDATES.
Savannah News.
Tom Watson has put on a "sub" in his place
at the newspaper office and will devote him
self to campaigning. But how does Mr. Wat
son know that he is in the race? He has never
been notified of his nomination. The plenary
council of his party may have made other ar
rangements.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
The Professor— You are now gazing, sorr, on
that wonderful planet, Saturn.
The Seeker After Science— And what is that
smooth, broad bel t running all round it?
The Professor (rising to the occasion)— Hem!
That, sorr, is the track of the Saturn Bicycle
Club.— Pick- Me-Up.
She — I don't know just whatever lam going
to do with my poor boy who is deaf and dumb,
He— Make him a barber.— Fun.
"I see they are applying ball bearings to a
great many things now."
"Yes: they nave a ball-bearing sign down
where I keep my watch."— Washington Times.
"I think," she said earnestly, "that a woman
who truly loves a man always has his best in
terests at heart."
"Perhaps," he answered, "but—"
'■What were you going to say?"
•'lf that's the case, what makes her marry
him?"— Judge.
Tommy — Oh, Pop, give me the wishbone.
Tommy's Pop — What do you want it for?
Tommy — I want to wish for more chicken.
Philadelphia Record.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
Glasses 15c. Sunday 738Mrkt.Kastshocstore.»
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping isureuu (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
One of the most picturesque old ladies in
England, Lady Emily Foley, has just entered
ncr ninety-second year. Lady Emily married
Mr. Foiey of Stoke Edith in 1832, "and fifty
years ago she was left a widow, with full pos
session of his extensive estates in Hereford
shire «nd Worcestershire, including the manor
oi Malvern.
Are lon Gome Kast?
l?he Atlantic and Pacinc Bailroad— Santa Fa
route— is tbe coolest aud most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of iv palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and ia
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ticket
office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building. Tel
ephone, Main 1531.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over SO years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect sa>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allsyt
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aril
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arlsinz
from teething or other causes, -tor sale by Drug
gists in every pan of the world. Be sura and a**
lorAlrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. ado a ooiUd.
rosoSADa- is perfectly <Jrr, o?J
and mild, being entirely free from the mists con*-
Don limner north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board a: ths Hocat ill
Ccrunado, S6O; longer stay $2 50 per da/. ±j*.f
4^tw Montgomery st., tant'raicuc*
The great popularity of Ayer'a Tills U due to
their universal usefulness and their freedom from
all Injurious ingredients.
Lady Mary Bligh, whose sad death by drown
ing occurred recently atCobham Park, Graves
end, England, was the descendant of the
family which gave a second husband to Mary
StuaTt. The Blighs were raised to the peerage
in 1723 and assumed first the title of Viscount
and then Earl of Darnley.
NEW TCDAT.
EXTRA lISII
PRESENTS ill Pp'il
FREE
REAL GEMS! JpL
Fancy Chinaware. Glassvw^ C*?*,
Saucers and Plates, V«*«*. ( 6rft*>-
ments Dishes of every. *2s*ttt£*
tion.
ONE Apct . .
each «9 Purchase
TEAS— COFFEES— SPIGBS !
Quality Best Guaranteed. ,
SNAPS ■._*'■. «s£%
viiHrw com.
Great AmericanlmportiQfr Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES'.
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth »t.
a s io Mission st. ai3 Third %t.
140 Sixth st. aooS FUlmore st.
617 Kearny at. 9*5 Market St.
1410 Polk st. 3««6 Sixteenth st*
.mi Montgomery aw. ' i<u Second st.
333 Hayes st. 4285 Mission st,
5* Market ■*. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington St. 616 E. Twelfth 1 st.
Ui San Pablo ay«. 017 Broadway, Oakland
5 5 Park St., Alameda. ; . fm4
■■ - ' ""■ ■FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 4, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
BAtDwrsr Thkateb. --Madame Sans Gene,"
totCKBiA TH«ATKB-"The Social Trust."
Mobosco'b ti h-.a-Hocse— -Held in Slavery."
Tivcij OPKT»A-Hotrra.-«ErnanLV
OBPHixjf-Hieh-ctaas Vaudeville.
AtcAZAB. Thxatib.-" Up."
fmo Baths— Bathing and performances.
«« fcH i? >T - THE CHrTE»— Dally at Halght street,
one bloc* east of the l»»rlc •«"••»
Circus— At Central Park.
t, MM C H xi J2' , In9 titutk PAVixiojf-Tweaty
ninth Industrial Exposition.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Faicti^t Excursion— To Santa Cms, Sunday,
September 6.
Exctißsiosr— To Bohemia, Sunday, September 6.
AUCTION SALES. •
Bt Chas. Lkvt & Co— ThU day (Friday).
Furniture at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
c clock. .
.By Ixdia>-a Auction- Co.-This day (Friday).
Furniture, etc. at 1057 Market su, at 11 o'clock.
By BnuTU & Doyub— Saturday, September
o. Horses. Buggies, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at
11 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Only seventeen Chinese and one Japanese
wiu vote at the coming election.
An O'Brien Club was organized last night In
the Fourth Congressional District.
Attorney James A. Devoto says he was justi
fied in going on the bond of his client.
There was a good attendance at last night's
meeting of the Sons of the Revolution.
Fair with fog i.i the morning and fresh winds
In the evening is to-day's weather prophecy.
Judge Slack yesterday refused to audit the
demands of the Sheriff in the Howard Block
insolvency case.
Jacob Snyder, the pioneer steamboat engi
neer, is preparing to visit the home of his boy
hood in Pennsylvania.
The trial of Oliver W. Winthrop continued
yesterday. There were some queer features
developed by the testimony.
R. F. Osborn and F. A. Osborn, hardware
dea'.ers doing business at 751 Market street,
have filed a petition in Insolvency.
Thomas McCreary met an awful death be
neath burning lime at W. -Shipley's kiln, foot
of Montgomery avenue, last evening.
An examination for local boiler Inspector to
succeed Captain Talbot will be held by Super
vising Inspector Bermingham to-day.
Pick Williams, ex-Chinese Inspector, "was
yesterday convicted on two counts of extor
tion in the United States District Court.
The riders of the continental bicyle relay are
twelve hours late. They were approaching the
suburbs of Chicago at midnight last night.
The Supreme Court in an opinion handed
down yesterday decided that Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Jeter is to remain in office for two years
longer.
Passenger rates have been cut 40 per cent
by the Southern Pacific Company in the San
Joaquin Valley on the West Side and Porter
vi.ie bratu .
A mass-meeting in the interest of the new
charter will be held at Metropolitan Temple
th:s evening. All voters are especially re
quested to attend.
Sunday night anattamr.t was made by high
binders to kill Di>ig Quung, a merchant, and
yesterday morning Lee Fook King, a
Chinese detective.
Burglars broke into the flat of" James E.
1029 Eli:s siree:, last;WedneM3ay after
noon and plundered the rooms, turning every
thing top*y-turvey.
a Brodie, the famous brid?e-jumper,who
will open at ihe California Theater in rrs play
'•On the Bowery" next Monday, arrived in
this City yesterday.
Father Yorke delivered a lecture at Metro
politan Hall last nisrht on "Where Did You
Get the Bible?" for the benefit of the schools of
the Presentation order.
The spiritualists will meet In Golden Gate
Hall to-day in the first suie convention of the
ki:id held on this coast. The pudic is invited
to attend the meetings.
The Merchants' Association will hold a
-meeting in Metropolitan Hall Friday
evening. T:.e LLSiociatioa has a total member
ship of 656 business firms.
Tne new schooner James Spiers got here
from Port Blakeley last Wednesday. She will
;d out as a steamer for the Interisland
Steamship Comrany of Hawaii.
There was trouble on tte schooner La Ninfa
during her codfishing cruise and Captain Dol-
Ur.d had to disrate both the first and second
officers and promote the boatswain.
Harry Cohen, a well-dressed youth, was reg
istered at the City Prison yesterday on the
charge of burglary for caving entered the
room of a gaest at the Palace Hotel.
The jury in the case of John Maher. charged
wi.h making preparations for a cocking main,
:o agree upon a verdict in Judge Low's
court last evening, and were discharged.
It has jpst been learned that Joseph English,
an old California mining man who died In
Xew York several years ago. left a will, which
may figure in a probate cese in this City.
"Scotch Night" at Mechanics' Pavilion wag a
brilliant success, nearly 4000 people being in
attendance. Tonight is bicycle night and it is
expected that 3500 wheelmen will be present.
The Southern Pacific's raft of logs from the
Northwest is blocking Oakland Creek and
boat men and captains of sailing vessels
are clamoring against the dangerous obstruc
tion.
The jury in the case of Charles D. Sunflower
the socialist arrested for obstructing the
street, failed to agree on a verdict yesterday
a::! the case was continued to be reset for
triaL
Execution against Adolph Ottinger, in favor
of Haskias & Johnston, the Chicago turfmen
was yesterday issued on a judgment obtained"
by the latter on a racing contract carried out
In 1593.
Benjamin Arlett, a bricklayer, while work
ing on a building being erected at Powell and
Post streets, feU off a scaffolding yesterday
morning and fractured two of his ribs on the
leit side.
The special meeting of the Wheelmen's Mu
nicipal League, to have been held last night,
-en postponed to Monday night at the
c.ubhouse of the Bay City Wheelmen, 44
Golden Gate avenue.
The first strike of the season took place
among the longshoremen on the Sacramento
River boats yesterday. The managers of the
California Transportation Company cut the
v ages from 30 to 25 cents an hour.
R. L. Paynter, 501 a Franklin street, who was
found unconscious from escaping gas In a
room in the Hotel Becker, 18 Mason street,
Wednesday morning, was able to leave the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday morning.
Henry J. Crocker, the president of the San
Francisco Riding Club, will be summoned be
fore Justice Carroll on Monday next to tell
what he knows of the financial standing of
Captain Delhain, the riding instructor of the
club.
There will be two celebrations of Mexican
Independence day in this City September 16.
As some differences arose in the Mexican
colony celebration committee a compromise
plan was adopted by which expenses are to be
defrayed by admission fees.
The Master Bakers' Protective Association
met yesterday in conjunction with a number
of bakery supply merchants, and resolved to
combine" to prevent the sale of bread at ruin
ously low prices that tend to result in the fail
ure of the one baker and an injury to the busi
ness of others.
KEW TO-DAT.
A f\W i 1 fX\ f\ /V
A -warm shampoo with CrTictiKA Soap,
followed by gentle applications of Ctm-
cuka (ointment), the great skin cure, will
clear the scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, allay itching, soothe irritation,
stimulate tho hair follicles, and produco
a clean, healthy scalp and luxuriant hair,
when all else fails.
SoU throwrtwut th« world. Trice. C '7l^"' D *f^'
Soap. S3e.; Resoltz.vt. Me. and ♦'• Pottm Daco
aid C«:i. Co«p.. Pole Prop*.. Bortoj. , _^
«--H«w to mine* tttxurtaat Halk," matW "•••
NEW STEAMERS
FOR HONOLULU
The James Spiers to Run
on the Big Volcano
Route.
BUILT ON PUGET SOUND.
She Is Expected to Be One of
the Fastest Crafts Sent
From Here.
WILL MAKE THIRTEEN KNOTS.
President Godfrey and Chief Engineer
Keech Are Here to Receive
Her.
The hull of another steamer for the Ha
waiian Inter-Island Steam Navigation
! Company arrived from Port Blakeley last
Wednesday. When completed she will
run between Honolulu and the volcano on
the island of Hawaii, and should the ex
| pectatrons of her builder be realized her
I speed will exceed thirteen knots.
The new steamer is schooner-rigged and
is named James Spiers, after the well
known member of tne firm of Hinckley,
Spiers & Hayes (the Fulton Iron Works),
which is now completing the vessel's ma
chinery. The name is only a temporary
one. however, and was given because she
was built in America, flew tne American
flag, and had to be named before she could
make a voyage. Once she arrives at
Honolulu the name will be changed,
and, like all the inter-island boata, ahe
will probably receive a Kanaka name.
The James tipiers, as she lies off the
China basin, presents a very pretty model.
She carries very little sail,' but, neverthe
less, she was able to more than hold her
own witn the schooner Oceania Vance in
the run from the Sound. Sne is 195 feet
over all, 34 feet beam and 15 feet deep. She
wi.l be fitted out at the Fulton Iron
Works, and when completed will be a
credit to San Francisco workmanship.
There will be accommodations for seventv
n've cabin passengers, and the quarters will
be on the upper deck. Tne cabins will be
finished in white enamel, and the cabin
urnishings will be luxurious.
Captain McAUip, who brought the
Spiers from Puget Sound, says she is one
of the smartest vessels he ever sailed in.
He is confident that under steam she will
beat thirteen knots.
Captain Godfrey, the president, and H.
Keech, tbe engineer, of the Inter-Island
Steam Navigation Company, are both In
San Francisco and will take the James
Spiers to Honolulu. This makes the
eighth vessel tbat Hall Bros, have built
for the island company, and another is
now on the ways. The last one sent to
the islands was the Ke Auhou, which has
proved to be a splendid sea boat and a last
one.
When the Spiers is completed, under the
personal supervision of Messrs. Golfrey
and Keecd, she will have her trial trip,
and if successful sbe will at once start for
the Paradise of the Pacific with a party of
Hawaiiana,
The only other member of her crew that
has as yet been engaged is Captain Dun
can, late of the missionary schooner Morn
ing Star. He will go to the islands on
her as first mate.
Captain Hall of Hall Bros, is quite proud
of the new vessel, aud he should be, aa
she is as pretty a model as has passed
through the Golden Gate in many a day.
WERE NOT NOTIFIED.
Wheelmen's Meeting Is Accordingly
Postponed— Cyclers Free at tha
Fair To-Night.
The special meeting of the Wheelmen's
Municipal League, that was to have been
held last night in the rooms of the San
Francisco Road Club, 503 Golden Gate
avenue, has been postponed to next Mon
day night at 8 o'clock, when the*cyclers
will meet in the clubhouse oi the Bay City
Wheelmen, 441 Golden Gate avenue.
The change of date was occasioned by
an oversight, no notices tha: the meeting
would be held having been sent ont to the
wheelmen interested. Abont twenty mem
bers pat in an appearance, but Justice
Frank H. Kerrigan, as chairman, on learn
ing the true situation, forthwith declared
a postponement, and the secretary harried
home.
It is only fair to wheelmen generally to
state again that the prizes offered at the
Mechanics' Institute Fair to-night — bicycle
night — for the best costumed and best ap
pearing cyclist are open to all wheelmen
whetner members of clubs or not. Any
person in cycle uniform will be admitted
at the main entrance of the fair buildmz
this evening free.
In connection with the general enter
tainment in store for the wheelmen and
their friends the committee has prepared
the following programme, which will be
carried out at the fair to-night:
Music, band; speech, Hon. James G. Ma
guire; music, band; speech, Julius Kahn;
fcam Booth, original poem; speech, James
H. Harrr; music, band; speech, Hon. Eugene
F. Bert; solo; promenade concert to give
judges an opportun ity to inspect contestants
Wittxnan Forces Ahead.
The contest for the most popular Captain of
Police each day changes the results, and as
the time grows nearer the final issue there are
reasons to believe that there win be many
changes in the fay -rites.
The committee has decided to count the bal
lots on Mondays and Thursdays until the 24th
of September when the ballots will close at 5
o'clock.
Thecoant had yesterday resulted in the fol
lowing vote: I. \V. L*es 222, A. J. Dunlevy
•J46, John Spillanp 411, Henry 8. Robinson
63, James Gillen 176, G. W. Wittman 499.
Working on the Shift.
The big five-ton shaft intended for the use of
the Powell. Sacramento. Washington and
kBO m street railroad U now on the lathe at
the rolling-mills. It will be delivered in the
course of a Jew days. inside of thirty-six
hoars after Superintendent Noble of the "roil
ii.? mills .had been authorized to make the
retd y U !o hh c cce ct hh n a rta he "" ° Q *« Uthe
Sned for a Large Sum
The Brunette Sawmill Company has sned
Kennedy & Ingles, the manufacturers' aeents
for 516.808 40.
Up to September 1, 1895, the defendants
were acting a» the San Francisco agents of the
plaintiff. They sold lumber and colected
money due the plaintiff from local people It
Is claimed that on September 1, 189.£ pay
ment of the sum sued for was demanded aud
refused and has been ever since withheld.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
Rehearing Granted.
The Supreme Court has granted a rehearing
to St. Vincent's Orphan Asylum of San Rafael
in the matter of the estate of Hiram Pearsons,
deceased.
It is announced that the tavern of Castle
Crags will close for the season on the 15th
inst.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 189f?.
The New Steamer for the Interisland Steam Navigation Company of Hawaii Which Arrived From
Puget Sound Yesterday Under SaiL She Will Be Fitted Out With Machinery by the Fulton
Iron Works and Will Sail for Honolulu in a Few Weeks.
STEVE BRODIE
COMES TO TOWN,
The Bridge-Jumper Revisits
the City After 17
Years.
HE DOESN'T TALK SLANG
And He Objects to Having It
Put in His Mouth Off
the Stage.
HAS TURHED PHILANTHROPIST
Has a Doctor in His Saloon Who
Gives Medicine Free to Broken-
Down Drunks.
Steve Brodie. bridge-jumper, baa come
to town. He arrived yesterday morning,
STEVE BRODIE, BJ.
sod, with a crowd of satellites who delight
in his conversation and money-spending
proclivities, aid the town yesterday.
"This is some of Mr. Bryan's money,"
said he of the Bowery, handing out three
big silver dollars over a Powell-street bar
yesterday afternoon in payment for a long
procession of drinks.
Of all the crowd banked up against the
bar the famous iiowery boy was the slight
est in stature— a little, lithe figure of dark
eyes and complexion, wearing plain dark
clothes and the light round top soft hat
that is seen oftener in the Bowery and
south of Market street than elsewhere.
"I am worth a quarter of a million," he
said, turning to an interviewer. "I have
made it ali oat of rum. I seep two saloons
in the Bowery and they do big business.
But I am devoting some of the money I
have made to redeem those who helped to
make me. bee, here is a letter I wrote to
ttie New York Recorder just before I came
away. It explains what lam doing:
To the Editor: The amount of Drunkenness
along the Bowery is becoming alarming. Men
of Familys, single men who are willing to
work <i men to lazy to work are goicsr to a
S super's grave fast. Though I have made the
igest part of my money out of the whiskey
Business therefore! don't care to condemn it
nor do I care to turn prohibitionist, but what
I do and what I will do is this — Cure Habitual
Drunkards at my place on the Bowery. I have
arranged with Dr. J. J. McKenna to furnish
me h;s Remadys this I will furnish free to
every Body who feels Liquor has control of
him and will guarenntee the Best of them I
will guarantee to cure them in 24 Hoars after
proving this is successful. I will suply the
Missions & Homes for Frlndless Drunkards
frse also. I want no man to be ashamed or
afraid to come to my piece and ask for it, for
as I said before I made most of my money
from the drinking people and I feel it no more
than just that I spend a portion of it with
them. Resp. Steve Brodie.
114 Bowery.
Mr. Brodie explained that he had locaed
one Dr. McKenna behind a counter in the
rear of his saloon, where he was prepared
to treat all comers who felt the need of
medicine in their effort at reformation.
Tbe bridge-jumper seemed very much in
terested in his enterprise.
"Now," aaid Mr. Brodie, changing the
subject, "you have been talking to me
some ten minutes or more. I want you to
do me a favor. lam getting tired of the
way they put Bowery .slang into my
mouth in the newspapers. I want you to
report me as you find me; don't credit me
with any more queer language than you
have heard me use. That is to say, if it
won't do you any barm; if the story will
read just as well. I know newspaper men.
They nave to make the matter readable,
and if you think you need the slang, put
it in; but I prefer, if you can get along
without it, that you would do so. Don't
understand that I am against newspaper
men or their wnys. I appreciate ttiem
more tt.an anybody, for I feel that I owe
to them all that I am."
Brodie's indebtedness to newspapermen
should not be coupled with the fact that
he is worth a quarter of a million through
the sale of rum. He did not mean that.
He meant that newspaper men had given
to him his wide renown. Speaking on
this subject— the story of his great bridge
jumping feat, he B*i 1 :
"I have done ail the bridge-jumping
that I am going to. I tave made my
record. All the rest of them are welcome
to make a try at it. I have no exclusive
rights on the Brooklyn bridge. It is there;
anybody can go and jump from it who
desires, so far as lam concerned. No; I
didn't make the speech thar was credited
to me concerning the San Francisco boy
who is said to be going to New York to
make the jump. That was anoiher bit of
newspaper enterprise where my name was
used without my consent. It was not fair
to me. for I don't talk that way. I never
say what another man can do or what lie
can't do. 1 give every man a chance.
"But as I have said I can't make any kick
on the newspapers; they have always been
my friends. I make my opening of the
season at the California Theater Monday
nipht in my play 'On the Bowery.' I
have come straieht from New York to
open here. T\ie play was written for me.
It brings the most famous street of this
country to S»a Francisco. Tnia is the
third season for the play. It has been
very successful."
Although this is the first appearance of
Brodie's play it is not the first appearance
of Mr. Brodie in San Francisco. He was
here in 1879, when he entered a walsing
contest against a horse in the Mechanics'
Pavilion. The horse got the best of it.
That was before Brodie bad jumped into
fame. He is full of wonder at the growth
of 1 fie City and the improvements that
have taken place since his last visit.
Big Mass- Meeting To-Night.
Three hundred prominent citizens have ac
cepted invitations to be vice-presidents at the
charter mass-meeting to-night at Metropolitan
Temple. Horace Davis will act as president of
the meeting and James D. Phelan, Irving M
Scott, Thomas F. Barry, M. H. Hecht. Frank
McCoppfn. Edward P.. Taylor and Henry N.
Clement are announced to speak upon the
var.ous provisions of the new charter. Ladies
are especially invited to attend. •
Bnckl«y Gets Judgment.
Judgment for $8000 was yesterday given
Christopher A. Buckley acainst O. F. Wiiley,
the insolvent dealer in harness and horse
goods. The judgment is secured by an attach
ment on Wllley's stock in trade.
COMBINED AGAINST
VERY CHEAP BREAD
Master Bakers and Mer
chants to Protect Each
Other.
HOW BOTH LOSE MONEY
Unwise Credit to Irresponsible
Ones Fosters Ruinous
Prices.
MANY LOAVES, MANY FAILURES
Bakers Meet and Take Steps to Insure
Payment and a Living to All
Concerned.
The master bakers and the flour mer
chants are to combine to prevent an in
jury to both from certain bakers who sell
bread at low prices.
It is against this competition that the
Master Basers' Protective Association is
complaining. Yesterday they held a big
meeting on Bush street, near Kearny, in
conjunction with some twenty or thirty
merchants who furnish bakers' supplies.
While no final action resulted, a significant
step was taken by the merchants and
bakers present in approving of a resolu
tion proposed by the following committee:
Wheaton of Wheaton, Breon & Co.; Fer
guson of Moore, Ferguson & Co. ; Charles
J. Leist of Charles J. Leist & Co. ; Frank
Ellis, representing Sperry Flour Company,
and Louis Hartler of H artier, Haye= &
Co. Master bakers — George J. 'Rutz,
Siemon of Sieraon & Reiss, Bamford,
M. F. Wolff and James Callopy.
The resolution is a.« follows:
We, the committee appointed, offer the fol
lowing resolution: That the merchants repre
sented in this committee are thoroughly in
sympathy with the Master Bakers' Protective
Association and we are ready and willing to
uphold and subscribe to such rules as may be
adopted by the same with regard to the exten
sion of credits to such bakers as act in opposi
tion or in open violation of the ruies of the or
ganization, provided the rules adopted are ac
cepted by a sufficient number of the members.
To this the bakers appended this re
ciprocity pledge:
In consideration of such action of the mer
chants thus subscribing we, the members of
the Master Bakers' Protective Association, ob
ligate onrse;ves to trade oniy with such mer
chants as hare subscribed thereto.
Secretary Georee A. Rutz of the Master
Bakers' Protective Association was in
structed by President X. Prost, chairman
of the meeting, to furnish to all the mer
chants of San Francisco a list of all the
masier bakers of San Francisco, Oakland
and Alameda that are not members of the
association, the object being to facilitate
trie discorery of such bakeries as are sell
ing so cheaply as to arouse the apprehen
sion of both the legitimate dealer and the
trusting supply merchant.
An effort will be made in the meantime
10 draw into the association as many of
the other master bakers as possible, to
minimize the number to be watched.
Much spirited talk was indulged in re
garding tbe establishment of a maximum
number of loaves to be sold for a dollar.
Assertions were made that there was not
a living in it for the wholesalers that
offered over twenty-eight loaves for a dol
lar- Snch rates as eighty, and even forty
for a dollar, were declared disastrous to
the baker that attempted them and injuri
ous to legitimate business. The settle
ment of this matter, however, was de
ferred to a special meeting of the associa
tion.
HE WTO-O AT:
Poor folks have got to
get the most for their mon-
ey, and rich folks don't ob-
ject.
Schilling s Best is the tea
for poor people and rich
people and middle people;
because there is nothing m
it but tea, and the tea is
delicious and wholesome;
At grocers' in packages.
> The package is a card-
board box protected -by vel-
lum to keep the air out and
the flavor in.
A ScgHißj fc Oma^mmr . _^
Ms N'li KW)A v~ym*-* ■» _^mm
SPIRITUALISTS
MEET HERE TO-DAY
Come From Afar for Their
First State Confer
ence.
THE PUBLIC INVITED.
Speeches and Music in Golden
Gate Hall With Free
Refreshments.
THE NATIONAL PRESIDENT
To Be Tendered a Public Reception
and Entertained With Vocal
Music.
Tne State Spiritualist Association will
convene here this forenoon at 10 o'clock in
Golden Gate Hall. This is the first time
in the history of spiritualism on the Pa
cific Coast that a meeting of delegates
from chartered societies of the State has
been held. The occasion is looked upon
by spiritualists generally as one that will
be of much interest and as a harbinger of
greater things in the future.
The officers or the State association are:
president, H. Wadsworth; vice-president,
W. D. J. Hambly; secretary, Mrs. Julia
Schlesinger; treasurer, William M. Rider.
Directors— Mrs. Saiome Cowell, Oakland;
Frank H. Parker, Santa Cruz; Stephen D.
Dye. Los Angeles; Mrs. Elizabeth Sioper,
San Francisco, and George Rogers, San
Diego.
These officers have been most earnest in
their efforts to unite and promote har
mony among tne spiritualists of the State,
as well as to give to spiritualism that
standing amone the religious cults of tbe
diy to which spiritualists and their co-be
lievers think it is entitled. It is largely to
their efforts that the present unity of sen
timent, activity and demonstrations is due.
Among the societies that will be repre
sented in the association are:
The People's Spiritual Society of Stockton:
Delegates— Dr. C. Grattan, Richard Coady, J.
S. Parsons. The Unity Spiritual Society of
Santa Cruz: Delegates— Mrs. Dr. Bonesteel,
Mr-. Eva Fay, Mrs. K. A. Broadweil, Mrs. Julia
Joslyn. The First Spiritual Union of San Jose:
Delegates— Dr. H. M. Barker. Mrs. H. A. Griffin,
William Viater, Joseph Murry, W. D. J. Ham
bly.
The People's Progressive Society of Hollister,
delegates— Mrs. Rebecca Jcnnson, Mrs. Helen
Dryden. First Progressive Spiritualist Soci
ety of Aia.ine«la, delegates — Mrs. Salome
Cowell, Thomas Ellis. Tne Christian Spiritual
Society ot Oakland, delegates — Mrs. Kate
Heussmm, R. B^rr.ier. J. Houritt. The Society
of Progressive Spiritualists of San Francisco.
deie;ates— Jadge J. H. Moore, William H.
Yeaw, John Koch, William M. Rider. First
Spiritualist Ladies' Aid Society of Saa Fran
cisco, delegates — Mrs. Sadie .-locum, Mrs. Liz
zie Sawyer, Mrs. Drusilla F. Winchester.
The People's Spiritual Society. San Fran
cisco: Delegates— John P. Bogardus, Mrs. Hat
tie D. Wrenn, Mrs. M. Finlayson-Drynan, Mrs.
Irene Smitn. The Free Thought Spiritual So
ciety, San Francisco: Delegates— Dr. C. H.
Rin-es, Dr. Lovejoy. Mrs C. J. Meyers, Mme.
E. Young, Mrs. Dr. Lovejoy and others. Tne
Mediums' Protective Society, San Francisco:
Delegates— William T. Jones.Martin S. Norton,
Mrs. George W. Shriner. Tne Progressive
Spiritual Society, San Francisco: Delegates—
Frank Place, A. J. Colby, George I. Drew. The
HEW TO-DA r— amuse aiEirrs.
CENTRAL PARK.
THIS&IgRK?ONAT2.
THE TAIK_OF ALL FRISM !
The Big Show of the World!
; THE GREAT
ADAM ... SELLS
■ ' 4 Nil
4PAff m BROS.
§ America's
p Greatest Shows
Combined!
I The Largest Menagerie
in the World.
4— BIG CIRCUSES—
/y||M BOO— Star Artists— Boo
«£Bp 100—Great Acts-— lOO
/ r iA\ Two Herds of Performing
/ VSW . « Elephants. Educated seals and
Li. B^v-^sft*--' Sea Lions - Two Great Hippo-
ftiiJfcfiSsE^ po'.ami. The on livinz Rhi-
■ rtlWE:' noceros. Greatest Perfor.-nlns
v^j[ MijaSSt Beasts. Beyond all comparison
the largest, richest and moss
k '***£' complete Creole and Zoological
enterprise In the world. Two performances daily
at 2 and Bp. m. Doors open an hoar earlier.
Seating capacity 16.000 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street.
Scale of *• rices: General admission 60c; chil-
dren under 9 rears, half urice: chairs on grand
stand, $1; private boxe? with six seats, CO;
single seats in private boxes, «1 50.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Kail way on Harts:
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. 11.
MATINEES SATURDAY A2TD SUNDAY.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE DE FILIITKS,
THE ZA>FAKILLAS.
BRING THE CHILDKES-
To See the Bouncing Beam and
The Merry Monkeys!
ADMISSION IO CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go- Hound Hide, 5 cent*
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
HOME PRODUCTS EXHIBITION
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
AND THE
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
Opens September 1. Closes October 3.
Machinery in .Motion.
Trade Exhibits in Operation.
The Latest Innovations in Electric 1! Science.
Picturesque Stands and Booths.
- State fisheries Exhibit.
Carefully Selected Art Gallery.
. Orchestra Led by GUST A V HINRICHS.
Thursday, Sept. 3— SCOTCH NIGHT.
"Should Auld Acquaintance Be For?ot."
Friday, Sept. 4— BICYCLK NIGHT. 2 Prizes.
Saturday, s*p . S— LETTER CARRIERS' JC-
BILEfc. and their Military Band.
PAIR OPEN from 10 a. m. to 5 p. M.
« •' m . 7:30 to 10 r. K. Evenings.
' " " 7:30 to 11 *. m. Saturdays.
ADMISSION:
Doable Season Ticket.. .....;. S5 00
Single Season Ticket ... $3 00
Children's Season Ticket $1 50
Adult Admission.... " . 25c
Children— Admission 15c
hew to-pat:
1 Poor I
1 Pilgarlic; I
$ there is no need for you !^j
to contemplate a wig I^
« when you can enjoy the &
j| pleasure of sitting again g
*j under your own "thatch." g
(0 You can begin to get !^
(0 your hair back as soon M
;b as you begin to use !»
I Ayer's I
IM *^e7 * IT)
1 Hair Vigor. I.
first SDiritnal Union, San Francisco: Dele
gates—Mrs. Annie E. Wadsworth, Charles H.
GUman, Mrs. L. C. Howes, Mrs. M. C. Richard
son. Tne California State Camp-meeting As
sociation of Redondo: Delegates— Stephen D.
Dye, Otto Freitag, Mrs. Angie M. White. The
Church of Spiritualism, San Francisco: Dele
gate, Professor C. A. Mingo.
The Children's L,yceura, one of the most
worthy of spiritualism's local organiza
tions, will also be represented. A num
ber of societies in different sections of the
State have chosen delegates, who will ar
rive in the City this morning. Their
names have not been sent in.
A bountiful supply of food has been pre
pared by the Ladies' Aid Society, under
the supervision of Mrs. Annie Blosson,
and the ladies wil! serve lunch between
sessions of the association to the hungry
and thirsty delegates free of coat.
The forenoon and afternoon sessions to
day will be devoted to business, ln the
evening a formal reception will be ten
dered to Hon. Harrison D. Barrert, presi
dent of the National Spiritualists' Associa
tion, and ths visiting delegations, at
which a programme of vocal and instru
mental music, short speeches, etc., will be
rendered.
Tbe reception will be open to the public
and may prove of interest to some wno are
not spiritualist".
HEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
I*. AT the T| TO-SI6HT!
Baldwin hrstiatuee
E^o h SARDOU SK a uT
"MADAME SANS GENE"
(MADAME DON'T CARE.)
The Success of Two Continents.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In the Title Bole.
Seats .Now Selling for all remaining performances.
I a■' ATTHr I SEATS
California I NO^ A O L N E
STEVE BROT3IE.
The World- Famous Brooklyn Bridge Jumper, in
the Kealiatic, Comic and Sensational Production,
"OUST THE BO"WE:R,Y ! m
First Preseptation Monday Next. Sept. 7th.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mito.i-jijinarii.-jc oimiM), Vropneiur £jLuk<:
Season of* CJrand Opera. I
TO-NIGHT.
Also Sunday Evening Verdi's Tragic Opera,
"HJR.IO\A.3Sri!"
TO-MORROW— LAST TIME
"RIGOLETTO!"
Correct Costumes Beautiful Scenery,
NEXT WEEK— — ' 'B
Monday and Friday I.TJCIA
Tuesday ROMEO AND JULIET
"Wednesday, Saturday. .IL TKOVATOKE
Thursday THE BOHEMIAN Gli-L
First Appearance this Season of Mile. Ida Valerga.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
IrRI£ELl rRl£ELA N iDL3.GO7TLQB« o>- LtiiMA.nDrun*eUtt-- -
"\*7"JbL"V IS IT
THAT
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Invariably Pack the Theater?
Because They >everFailto Give a Perfect Per-
formance. As an Evidence, See
"THE SOCIAL TRUST!"
The Very Best Thing in Town.
Xext Monday "THE "WIFE"
A Lyceum Theater Success. ;
■ MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO Sols Leasee ani Uuiui:
BOARS OF~" wTRRIMENT
GREET THOSE TWO FDSSY FOLKS,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, Soubrette,
and ED. J. H X >\ Comedian,
In the Thrilling -Nau'.ical Melodrama,
"HELD IN SLAVERY,"
Under the Direction of HAiIKY SfciDLEY. •
Terrific btorm With Rml Rain: Most Realistic of
Fire Scenes: Exciting Duel With Knives!
Great Electric Effects !
4 PICKAX EKKIKS 1
NEW SONGS! XEff DANChS! NEW3ONG3!
Evening Prices— 2sc and sOc
Family circle and Gallery, lUc.
A I PA7AD Belasco, Doane& Jordan,
r\L*\-*r\£*f\ n Lessees -nd Managers.
O'Farrell Street. Bet. TI4FATCD
Stockton and Powell. I FILnl Ln
CROWDED AND ENTHUSIASTIC HOUSES
GIVE GENEROUS APPLAUSE.
Th« sparkling Comedy,
"TURNED UP,"
By tbe Alcazar stock Company if Players.
Prices, 15, 25, 35 and 50 Cents.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
i I - 15, 'i.> and 35 Cents,
PHONE BLACK 991.
Next Week-" All The Comforts of Home.'*
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
O'Forrell «:r»»«v fee" ween stoe'e'naan't PiT«li.
Week Commencing Monday. Auk. 31,
FIL.SON <Se ERROIj.
Return Engagement for ■ ne VV'eec of
LYI>IA *EAMA>S-TITUS»
Assisted by FBED J. TITUS.
Only 2 nights more of the 4 NKLSON SISTERS
and HKKR itThOW'S TRAINED CATS, also
FAVOKand SINCLAIR.
26 America's Greatest Artists 36
iteserred seats. 25c: balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. x. Until 11 p. v.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission — Adults 100. Children 50.
PICNICS JISX> EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO
SANTA CRUZ!
j^gSS^l tJSEH^ SiSMf^ $™WF!!&
SUNDAY,. Sept. 6.
From & P. Col's Ferry Landing (narrow gauge)
at 7:15 a. M.
Fire Hours at the Seashore.
*A.00....R0UND-TR1P,...a0.00
&4S— -. T1CKET......... 92
The excursion will be in charge of MB. WM. H.
MENTON, Excursion Passenger Agent S. P. Co.
. Returning arrive at San Francisco at 8:05 p. it
For further information apply . at Grand hotel
Ticket Office, 613 Market street.
KICHARD RAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
G en'l Traffic ilgr. * Gftn'l Pass, Art.
78
THE FIRST STRIKE
OF THE SEASON
Longshoremen on Jackson-
Street Wharf Walk
Out.
OBJECT TO A REDUCTION
Wages on the Sacramento River
Steamers Cut Five Cents
an Hour.
THE POLICE WERE CALLED IN.
There Was No Disturbance, but Trouble
May Be Expected at Any
Time.
The longshoremen on Jackson -street
wharf had an inning yesterday morn-
Month after month and year
after year t .cy have worked for the same
old wage, but when tbe bosseo proposed a
cut of .0 cents an hour and proceeded to
enforce it the men arose in their wrath
and caiJed a "strike."
Tbe farmers were the principal sufferers,
as tbe product brought down by the
.'■teamera was late in getting to market
and the commission merchants lost many
tt commiseion owing to the fruit and
vegetables being many hours behind
time.
When the river steamers Onward,
Aurora and Sonoma, got in from the Sacra
mento K:ver yesterday there was the usual
rush of longshoremen to get jobs in un
loading the vessels. Hundreds of tonß of
freight wen aboard and every man on
hand anticipated at least live hours' work.
'J nis at 3'J oenti an tiour would have
netted them enough to pay their way, but
late was againbt them.
The company instead of employing
.:orenien i.ad decided upon giving
to an extra number of tegular men on
the Bteanier.T and tlius curtailing the ex
penaea on the wharf. Accordingly when
iL,e Aurora, Onward and rionomagot in
and tbe longshoremen asked for work they
were told mat 26 cent- an hour was th«j
regular wage. An argument ensued and
for a time trouble w.-is imminent. Ber-
Keant Mahoney and Officer Dower of the
Harbor Police and Sergeant Hayes and
Ollicers Cords and Abernethey of ihe State
police were noon on the scene and at once
cleared the .v.jarf. The crews oi the va
rious steamers proceeded to land the pro
duce, but it wad nearly all late for the mar
ket and the commission merchants were
nior* than antrry in consequence.
Semeants Mahoney and Hayes showed
remarkable executive ability in handling
;■ crowd that at a word might have turned
riotous.
• it simply amounts to this," said one of
tbe Longshoremen yesterday. "We can
make a living or we can beg. I have not
bten in San Francisco very Ion,;, but I
\ ant to ask a lavor from any man. '
If 1 can earn bread and butter by tbe
hveatoi my brow I am willing to do it.
Night after night 1 have come down to
Jackaon-street wbarl and waiied patiently
ihe river steamers cot in. Some
it would be 2 a. m. and sometimes
- later. Sometimes I would be taken
on at 30 cents an hour and sometimes I
I DOt. li 1 made $7 5'J a week 1 con
i niyself lucky and if it was only
nanked God mat it was enough to
body and soul together.
"Then this morning came the cut to 25
cents an hour. Consider for an instant.
Noioneof us gets more than four hours'
work a day on an average, and that means
20centsout of oar pockets and that much
more in the pouch of the monopoly. Ot
•■ we kicked, but then what can you
My stomacu will be empty in the
monn.itr, and i suppose I and dozens of
will only be too glad to go back
cut rates. Hunger soon brings a
in;- n 10 urae,"
■Me hrst time in the history of
icramento River steamers that a cut
:ide in iho wages of tbe long
men. For years it has been the cus
tom to cut the salaries of the deckhands $5
during the winter months, restorni" them
when the nub began. This rule has never
worked well, and small strikes occurred
on the boati whenever the reduction was
On this occasion the men did not
a word, and even went willingly to
work discharging toe steamers when the
loremen refused to work.
'Wo are simply changing our plans,"
•iin Nelson of the California
iransportation Company yesterday. "We
l:nd that our force of deckhands on each
c-r is too small to handle the sum
mer freight on the river. We are increas
ing the staff on each boat, and of course
mere will not be so much lor the lone
:nen here to do. Daring tbe rush of
• we will require extra men, and we
will guarantee them $1 50 for six hours' or
not less than rive hours' work. Anything
mx hours' work will bo paid at, a
il rate. It has been stated that the
commiSiion men paid the rate demanded
by the longshoremen in order to get their
ofl the ■teamen. This is absolutely
ialse, as every ounce of merchandise- wai
removed by our deckhands. We are abl*
to I. audio our vessels under any circum
es, and we propose to do t,o. By the
proposed change we- will give just so many
more men permanent employment, and in
t in- iong run no one will suffer and many
will be benefited."
In tbe meantime the arrival of tbe
heoekton steamers will be anxiously looked
tor this morning, and a full force of har
bor and Btate police will ba on hand at
Jackson-street wnarf to keep the peace
SUCCESSOR TO TALBOT.
Kxaminßti.jn to lie Hold To-I»ay for
the Ofllci. of Local Boiler
Innpector.
Captain Bermingham, Superviaing In- j
spector of Hulls and Boilers, in accord- j
ance with instructions received from the i
department at Washington, will hold an !
examination this morning for the position
of local inspector, made vacant by the
death of Captain Talbotsome weeks sinre I
Judge Morrow and Collector Wise will •
assist in the examination, but it is on I
:-< commendation of the entire committee I
that ibe appointment will bt- made by the
hecrctary oi the Treasury.
m are at least fifty applicantsn ts for the I
position. It was at one time supposed
ihat the positions of inspectors came
under civil service rules, but the depart
ment ban since held otherwise.
Caught by Fitti-Hooks.
William Brown was yesterday held by Judge
Joachimsen to answer before the Superior
Court in 1000 bonds on the charge of grand
larceny. Brown is the thief who was caucht
with his hand impaled «ipon fish-hooks with
which William garslund, a sailor, hi.d lived
hit pockets in anticipation of Brown's tttlemnt
to rub inni.'gSßS '
The; Schooln ami the < hurt. i.
COiOBCi Barry niiti other well-known citizens
will explain the educational provisions of the
new charter at the muss-meeting to-night at
Metropolitan Temple. .Every one interested
in our school sy»tem should be sure to attend
Ladies are especially invited. •
The Striking Longshoremen Gathered Together on the Jackson-Street Wharf and Discussed the Situation.
JURORS WILL NOT
CONVICT THEM
The Socialists Are Trying
Hard to Make a
Test Case.
DEMAND FREE SPEECH
No Way Can Be Reached Ex
cepting Through the
Supreme Court.
WHICH THEY CANNOT BEACH.
Lgal Technicalities and Personal
Opinions Clrg Up the Wheels
of Justice.
There were two jurymen yesterday in
; the trial of Charles D. Sunflower on a
j charge of obstructing the streets who in
sisted that the defendant was guiltless.
j They stood out against the other ten with
; such persistency that Judge Conlan was
i obliged to discharge the dozen at tbe ex
'< piration of their four hours' deliberation.
Attorney John .1. Guilfoyle Jr., for the
'. defense, explained the case yesterday in a
; lew words.
"I want my client convicted," he said.
I "Some one must be convicted, and
I I can then bring the case up before the
! Superior or Supreme Court on appeal. I
{ can win there, and the whole matter will
be settled.
The Socialists had held repeated meet
| ln^s at Seventh street near Market, and
j immediately under the windows of the
I Odd Fellows' building. The members of
| the latter association claimed the noise
! annoyed them and nrrests followed, uut
on tbe 21)1 h of last month those same So
cialists held a "dumb" meeting, called in
j the regular way, through advertisements
;in tb« daily papers. It was understood
| that there would be no talking, but that
; the people on the platform would express
I thetr sentiments by displaying Danners
with inscriptions.
Charles D. Sunflower, chairman of the
meeting, held a banner in his band, the
| inscription on which was: "Speakers
! Should Be Seen, Not Heard."
There were a few hundred people on the
j block who booted and cheered at the nov
elty of the situation, and Policeman P
Whalen nrrestcd Mr. Sunflower. As the
I prisoner had not spoken a word the only
charge that could be placed aeainst him
was that of "obstructing the streets,'" and
it was upon this the jury disagreed at
yesterday'B trial.
Attorney James Long had been specially
engaged by the prosecution instead of
Attorney Reuben H. Lioyd, who fought
similar cases last week. John J. Gulfoyle
Jr. and Burnett G. Haskell took cbarce
of the defense.
With a thorough understanding be
tween counsel that a conviction would be
best so as to pave the way to an appeal,
there was but hltla legal sparring. The
talesmen were taken without question
e . ven , , ,;• fOOIf 001 , 1 - a prominent member of
the I. O. O. F.j having been accepted by
the defense, lhe jurymen accepted were
the following:
H. V. bcot£ H. Karm, F. W. Marvin, O.
feievers J. E. Klkington, J. H. McNutt
J. H. l^ewbauer, Charles E. Holt, 8 N
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
Woods, H. J. Goodman, M. Ganz and M.
Juda.
Policeman Whalen told how he had
ordered the plaintiff to move on at the
meeting he was holdingon Seventh street.
I He likewise tol<l how defendant refused to
move unless arrested. A lad named
Ernest Cohen corroborated this testimony.
The defendant, Charles D. fcunfiowe'r.
who i* a cook when he can get employ
ment, agreed to all the evidence. He was
the chairman or the m^etinz, and refused
to move on when told to do so by the
, police.
'I did not move," he told the court,
'because the officer spoke to me as if I
were a dog. If he'd told me in tbe proper
way, as if he wa« talking to an American
citizen, I'd have gone along easily."
Then the defendant, who is an old
THE BANNER PRESENTED TO MISS LILLY O. REICHLING,
THE FOUNDER OF THE N. D. G. W.
For some time past it has been tne desire of Ursula Parlor to embody in visible
form the love and affection which the members hold for tbe foundep of the
order. They therefore had a silk banner made in honor of Miss Reichlina, and its
presentation took place last night at Jackson, Amador County.
The banner Is both artistic and costly. One side bears a picture of Miss Reichlinp,
painted on satin. The setting of the picture is white satin, heavily embroidered by
hand in bullion. A bullion wreath of oak and palm leaves surrounds the portrait,
and the cprners of the bunner bear raised poppies in bullion. Beneath the picture are
the words: "Founded by Lilly O. Keichling, September 2b, 1856.' :
The reverse of the banner bears painted tiajrs, surrounded by a wreath of green
palm and oak leaves on a ground of white silk. Tbe name and number of the parlor
are also inscribed on the silk. The whole is beautifully trimmed with jeweled cords
and tassels of bullion and the banner is surmounted by an eagle in bronze. It is said
that there is nothing like the new banner in the order.
colored gentleman with good nature beam
ing in his face, turned to the court, saying:
"Judge, I never would resist, an officer.
Wliv, a child could pull me in."
Tlie jury remained out several hours to
determine up" i a verdict. Four times it
ranie back for instruction ■«, the main point
its desire to know w-hat constitutes a
"l.uulie meeting." Ttis particular point
fa not defined in the code, and ■till it is
mentioned in the City ordinance, which
excludes it lrom that section making ?.s
-semblapes on the streess a misdemeanor.
Judge Conlan refused to give an opinion
on the point, saying that while he had his
own opinion he felt he would virtually be
deciding the case by statinc it. He thought
the jurors shouM decide for themselves.
The case will again be called to-morrow
to be reset.
OTTINGER MUST
PAY THE PURSE
Half the Winnings of His
Racehorse to Be
Given Up.
HANKINS' GOOD NEWS.
Suit Brought by a Millionaire
Won When He is a
Poor Man.
FALL OF A RACING MAGNATE.
Easy Money Made in Flush Times
Comes in H^ndy When "Luck"
Has Changed.
George V. Hankins, the wailom "prince
of gamblers" and half owner of the famous
jEtna stable, under which name the Chi
cago firm of Hankins & Johnson ran a
number of sensational thoroughbreds a
couple of years ago, is broke, so it has
been reported. Be the report true or false,
he has a "piece of money comine to him
here in San Francisco that will be most
acceptable. Execution was yesterday
issued against Adolph Ottinger on a judg
ment of £2769 obtained by Hankins &
Johnson.
The judement is an echo of the halcyon
days of 1803, when the Chicago tur/men
wer« at the zenith of their fame, and when
Ottinger, who is a Market-street ticket
broker, was also a turfman of some re
nown and owner of the great racehorse
Wildwood. Hankins & Johnson at tbat
time cwt.ed Rudolph, winner of a great
stake race at Wa^hintrton Park during the
World's Fair year, and Evanatua, a fast
but erratic performer, who had a number
of wonderful races to her credit.
Wildwood wu". during the winter meet
ing at the Bay District track in 1893, con
ceded by turfmen to be the best of the
California horses quartered at tbe track.
Rudolph, hero of a dozen hard-earned
victories, was easily the champion of the
Eastern contingent and Evanatus was
thought to be the next best.
Wildwood, Rudolph, Evanatus and a
number of horses of less abiiity were en
tered in several stake races. Ottinger, so
the Chicagoansasserteuin their complaint,
came to them and made a proposition that
they should pool their issues and no mat
ter whose horse won should divide tbe
slakes. The Eastern turfmen agreed to
this. Subsequently Wildwood won a stake
race worth $5240. Ottinger drew down the
money, but failed to give half of it to
Hankins & Johnson, whereupon they
! sued him for that amount.
The case has dragged alone; in the
courts ever since, judgment being given
against tbe defendant twice and appeals
being taken. Final judgment was ren
dered for $2799. and $228 10 costs. Execu
tion against Ottinger was given yester
day.
Since 1893 Hankins, who was then many
times a millionaire and leader of the
gambling clement in Chicago, has experi
enced a change oi fortune. He recently
sold his palatial residence in the Windy
City and disposed of all bis racehorses,
and it was an undented rumor tbat tbe
"prince of gamblers" was "broke." The
money due from Ottinger will therefore
in all probability be most acceptable.
WILLIAMS GUILTY
OF EXTORTION.
Only Twenty Minutes Re
quired to Arrive at
This Conclusion.
WORK OF MAJOR MOORE.
The Special Treasury Agent
Gains a Victory Over
Collector Wise.
OTHER SCANDALS IN THE AIB.
Parting Scenes Between the Ex.Cus
terns Inspector aDd His Mother
Were Most Affecting.
Richard 'Williams, the ex-Chinese inter
preter and customs inspector, was yester
day convicted on two counts of extortion
in the United States District Court. This
means a sentence anywhere from six
months to six y«ars with a tine of from
$100 to $10,000.
The jury was out scarcely twenty min
utes. "When at 12:45 o'clock the foreman
announced that a verdict had been reached
an oppressive stillness fell upon the court
room. Prior to this time Mrs. Montfren,
the defendant's mother, bad been weeping
audibly. When the word which meant so
much to her son was spoken the aged lady
burst into tears, which only subsided when
the guilty man was taken in charge by the
Marshal.
Court opened yesterday morning an
hour earlier than usual. At 10 o'clock tbe
defendant and his counsel and the Gov
ernment's representatives were in their
accustomed places. Without any delay
Mr. Henly proceeded with his argument
at tbe point where he left off the day be
fore.
Without any appreciable delay Judge
Morrow proceeded to charge the jury, fie
said that the statements of the defendant
should not be given any very great
amount of credence unless, however, the
jury was satisfied preceding circumstances
bore out his statements. The defendant
was the party most deeply interested,
bence he was most especially concerned in
a favorable finding of the jury.
Hi 3 Honor referred to tbe bank account
of the defendant. He said the latter had
made no attempt to explain the allega
tions of tbe prosecution, hence it must be
presumed that he could not do so to cis
own credit.
The jury retired and twenty minutes
later returned the verdict of guilty.
The case against "Dick" Williams, ex-
Chinese interpreter, Las excited great in
terest here and elsewhere, principally be
cause of tbe manifest friendship of Collec
i tor Wise for the accused. The verdict is
regarded in Federal circles as a direct blow
• at Collector Wise and a compiete triumph
j lor Major Moore, the special Treasury
aj;ent.
Major Moore came to this City about
two years ago and before he was comfort
ably settled had succeeded in unearthing
another scandal. Since that time he has
! succeeded in bringing about many changes
| in the local customs service and inciden
tally incurring the hatred ot Collector
\Yi*e. It is common talk in Federal cir
| cles that with the conviction of Williams
| other scandals will result, implicating
j some of the principal officers in the
; service.
Attorney Mowry says he will imme
diately move for a new trial and if it is re
retused wiil appeal tbe case to the
Supreme Court. Williams will be sen
tenced next Thur^ay.
NEW TO-JDAT.
If you
can't drink tea or coffee, why
not try cocoa?
Cocoa, the most palatable,
the most nourishing drink in
the world — when it is pure,
when it is fresh.
Ghirardelli's is made here
— in California —in 'Frisco.
There's no doubt of it's fresh-
ness. There's no doubt of I
it's going farther, hence it
must be purer, stronger.
32 cups — 23 cents
Sold by all grocers
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAGS
WILL CLOSE FOR THE SEASOS
ON SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
GEORGE SCHONWALD,
_____ Manager.
j^^ss Belts for $30.
KK"^ Old-fashioned and poorly
■pq>-^gj^__-=!i^ made. cm be had by .pay.
HftarftULßßinftf-aiefr L ? >" onr money to elecirio
'tWstT&!xStiB£'- \ >eit "quacks" and travel-
;?r SjfcV>-S 'r i: ,K"f»Ker4." For a Brat-
I*• <la'J.' class article at a reasonable
"^Ail 1 rice write or call for free
FIKRCK A SON, 704 toSZ^Lma FZ?*?- UIL
MCOrt, , Uuxd tud tourth fl^oor* ttrUyi
I tirs Mm Veptaiilg Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands or persons wha
have used them for over forty years to ru£
Grossman's SBeciflc Mixture
wtt t^e re i e^ y eSS Ca cSa^ '^T^
mmmm
nnppiness to niF&if s p»;c i& i
greftt Huu- th a t it i*
In« tit n \a *rom
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write for
circulars and testimonials. '
The extraordinary Reiuvenator Is the most
wonderful discovery of the ace. It has been
indorsed by the leading scientific men 0}
Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUD.VAN stops premium of the dis-
charge in twenty days. Cures LOST MAX-
HOOi>, constipation, dfzzine*s, falling sens*-"
tions, nervous twitcbings of the eyes and other
parts. Strengthens, invigorates and tones the
entire system. It is j.s cheap as any other
remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness, emis-
sions, and develops and restores weak organs.
Pains in the back. losses by day or night
•topped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-
monts.
Prematureness means impotency in the first
stage. It Is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in twenty
days by the use of Hudyen. Hudyan costs no
more than any other remedy. Bend for circu-
lars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to
serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing gems. Then corse sore throat,
pimples, copper^oiored epoffl, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and Calling: hair. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using the great 30-day cure.
Call or write for 30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ullla Eta.,
San Frascitoo, CaL.
■r^r.^.-: '"■-;'.;-':^- -■-■,•.5%.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. So. id Third St,
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
DESPITE
THAT SPRBCKELS FENCE
Success has crowned our efforts. Our aim
has always been to give Best Values for the
least money. The masses of the people are
aware of this fact. We at no time try to de-
ceive them. Your confidence is our success.
Compare prices with those elsewhere.
t\ Rn Iff
These shoes are made of the BestVici Kid,
with patent tips, kid and cloth tops, opera and
square toes. Cannot be excelled elsewhere for
no less than $2.
«gg| m EXTRA FHE mi
lij mn kid shoes.
EE&wk. V i Misses' and Children's
:V^V l« Extra Fine Vici Kid
' *^**v?iMSV Ira th °eS; kid and cloth tops,
E*"^^H|^k^ » stylish and guaranteed
TJfaiar Tl*~~l~^i ■to give entire satisfac-
a*ax^is™nmt»m" a r tion— in C, D, E and EE
widths.
Children's sizes, 8 to 10%.... Rl.oo
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 91.35
0* Oonntry orders solicited.
MST S«nd for New Illustrated Catalozaa.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The , GRILL
of the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St«
■:'i i OPEN- VXTll* MIDNIUHT. .*;fi ■■ '
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
rpnEASUHER'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
J- of Sna Francisco. Sop:ember2, 1396.
Holders of Dupont-street Bonds issued under an
a to:' the Mate J^gisiuturo emitted "An Act to
Authorize the WicU-nin.; of Dupont Street, In the
City of San Francisco." adopted March -.'3, 1876,
are hereby notified that tin; undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds, as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
office in »he >«• City Hall. San Francisco, until
Clock noon of TUKSDAY, September 16, 1898.
1 he nmoani to be applied to th» redemption of
■aid Bonds is 'about ninety thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidder* Will state at hat rate they
Will surrender their Bonds for payment. l*ss
coupons due. No proposals above par will becoa-
sidered. .
Bids to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street- Bonds."' a. c. WIDBEU,
- City ana County Treasurer.
IB THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
your .■ye* and Jit them to Spectacles and Eye-
Klasses.'wiih Instruments of his own inventioa,
who-*; superiority has not been equaled, -My suc-
cess ban been due to the merits of u.y work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 P. m-
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
' it a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonia for en*
'•xnaland urinary organs of both •exes, and i
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys an 1 blai-
-1«. A ere«i Restorative, Invigoratoraad Nervta^
! bells on its own Heriu-ao long-wlad»l m«u*
luonlais necessary.
.NA»l*.lt. i,KS JSs liliVHtC. Aeeati,
82» Market St., 8. .I'.-l^ena lot cueuUrj"WHERE DID YOU
GET THE BIBLE?"
Subject of the Lecture De
livered by Father Yorke
Last Night
IN AID OF EDUCATION.
Proceeds to Go to the Schcol
of the Presentation
Order.
SOURCES OF THE SCRIPTURES.
One of the Most Interesting Lrctures
Delivered by the E'cqu;nt
Priest
It needed apparently only the an
nouncement that Father Peter C. Yorke
was to deliver a lecture to crowd Metro
i Hall last night to its fall capacity.
The occasion was an entertainment given
for tha benefit of the schools of Presenta
tion Convent. American 'flags were con
us in the decorations of the plat
form. James D. Pneian acted as cfaair
:. n:..
The exercises opened wi:h a tenor solo
;. William J. O'Brien, rendered with
marked ability.
Miaaei Clara Nolan, M. Qaigley, J. Hef
fernan and M. ODea took possession of
the two grand pianos on the platform and
in a finished ana artistic manner that
drew forth hearty plaudits executed tde
•Raymond Overture. ' M:-s 2>olan fol
lowed with a piano solo, charming ttte
audience with her skillful rendering of
"Union," a mediey of musical themes
:.-.-en :rom pair. otic selections.
Chairman Phelan before formally intro
ducing Father Yorke spoke as follows:
I see on the programme that I have
been assigned the task of making some re
mark?, and while I have but few remarks
to mate, still I desire to carry out in pood
". u;s very deserving programme, and
»y but a few words.
"In looking over the hall to-night the
thought occurred to me that how very i"ew
. c the fac; that but a few
generations ago this great count:
which we live was a wiidemess. Why,
Thomas Jefferson, iiving ia the security
of ihe Government which he had ai-ed to
erec; on the Eastern seabi- . .ai he
did not believe that the Government of
r.ited States could extend its power
over the vast territory, and that necessarily
there would be on the Pacific Coast an in
dependent em;
18 Daniel Webster said that
' ■ « " a could not extend its sy s
f government to California and that
would be an independent empire
. But the pioneers solved the ques
:or tnese statesmen, and id a most
i ractical and most expeditious wav by
overcoming all obstacles and erecting a
commonwealth of wnich we are so proud,
and which endowed with all the'
I jn.
i while we enjoy these things we
•- as to the causes which
;t tbem about. "When the history of
reat country comes to be written all
the earlier chapters will be devoted to the
conversion of the abo-i^ines by the good
.-. And when the pioneer pressed
aj over the desert and there grew up
Tere it not for
the fostering care of the padres, who al
ways follow where there is good to be
cone an l duty to perform, the settlement
of the country would have been muca
longer delayed".
"These good padres were supplemented
in th-ir work by women who, in the
Presentation and other orders, came to
this country, endured all the hardships
and met and overcame ail the difficulties
of the situation. And the efforts of their
labor must be represented here to-night —
young women who have matured under
care and grown in Christian erace.
in the education of the mind and in that
education of the heart compared to which,
especially in women, as Waiter Scott has
til things else are moonshine.
••It wa- aa ea-lv as 1854 that five nuns
of the Presentation order, under Sister,
afterward Mother Commerford, who, you
all recollect, came to San Francisco to" be
gin that work, which has grown to great
proportions, and which is represented in
tae several houses of the Presentation or
der iv this State.
"It was not until 1569 that they were
enabled to erect on Ellis and Taylor streets
that convent school, which is their head
quarters, and from which have gone forth
so many young women to grace oar homes.
They have but one object, and that ia way
we are here, and why I speak for your
generosity — that is to do goo! — to
give a thorough secular and religious edu
cation to those young people who come
within their charge, and that education
they give, which is not generally known,
to every one free and without charge.
"They have the burdens of taxes to bear :
they have subsistence to meet, and the
only revenue on which they can depend
must come from the generosity of friends.
Hence we are here to-night to give them
that assistance, and I hope that when you
go away yoa will bear in mind that tneir
good work is being done free of cost. They
are builders of the commonwealth in a
tetter sense than those whose deeds are
exploited in the pages of history; and it
requires a voice such as we shall have here
to-night to blazon forth their glorious
deeds. [Applause.]
"I Know that you are impatient to bear
that reverend gentleman who has stirred
deeply and intently so many audiences in
this hall, the Rev. PeterC. Yorke. 1
The applause that greeted the conclu
sion of Mr. Pnelan's remarks and the ap
pearance of Father Yorke was hearty and
of long duration.
Father Yorke announced that his next
lecture would be delivered a week from
next Monday, and then spoke as follows:
•'I a!?o wish before beginning this lec
ture, ■ Where did you get the Bible?' to
add few words to those spoken by the
chairman of the evening. I wish to thank
yon in the name of the sisters for your at
tendance and the help that that attend
ance means.
•As Mr. Phelan told you,- these good
women in their cloisters, without sound
ing the trumpet, are teaching the chil
dren who are to be mothers in Israel; they
are building up the living strands of the
new Jerusalem; they are training youth
in the patns of virtue.
••To do this they require nothing but the
food which supports their lives, the rai
ment which covers them and the roof
above their heads. They ask no salary.
They ask simply to be let alone to do
good in their own way.
"In return the rich, the opulent, the
generous citizens of San Francisco tax
them to the extent of nearly $1000 a year.
This must they pay for the privilege of
doing good, and* i: is to pay this tax which
yoa levy,' ladies and gentlemen, that this
lecture is piven to-night.
"If it were not for this charge, this un
expected imposition upon them, the sis
ters of the Presentation Convent would
sooner starve than come before the public
and ask for charity.".
After again thanking the audience for
the support given the caa-:e be repre
Scotch Men and Maidens in the National Dance at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
sented, he took up the theme of his lecture
proper.
"I intend to give yoa," he said, "as
as I can a short summary of the
history of the Bible. In the beginning
let me remark that the word itself is mis
leadi: j
He explained that the word meant not
one book, but a library of booKs. "There
are no less than seventy distinct volumes,"
he remarked, '"condensed into the book
now generally accepted as the word of
God."
The word Bible, he explained, came
from the Greeks. Xas papyrus of Ezypt
was'known to them as bibios and a book
written on the papyrus was called biblium
and bible was evoi'ved from ths plural of
this word.
! The Bible he said was the work of men
: from Moses to St. John the Evangelist,
! and the labor of its creation extended
; from 1000 years before Christ to 100 years
I after his birth.
"No one Knows who wrote the books of
| the Old Testament nor when they were
, written," he continued. "In regard to
the New Testament the conditions are
better, for we know that with few excep
tions the books of the New Testament
were written by the men whose names
they bear.
"The Bible, the whole Bible and noth
ing but the Bible is the religion of the
Protestants. The Bible i* often viewed as
! a letter written to an absent son, but we
1 know that God did not write the Bible,
i but that it was written by inspired
■ writers."
Referring to the difficulty of determin
: ing who was possessed of inspiration from
j God, and, therefore, which boozs of the
j Bible are inspired and which not. he
j stated that there was nothing in the Bible
! itself to determine the matter. "So if we
' are to find out," ne said, •* whether any
t book was or was not inspired, we nave to
j look to some other source. This is the
first answer to the question 4 Where did
| you get the Bible?'
I "Owing to the manner in which the
| Bible was compiled it was 363 years after
: Christ before we had a list of "the books
! that compose the Holy Scriptures that was
anywhere near satisfactory. In 393 a. d., in
: the ancient city of Carthage, the list w as
j almost perfect, but it was not until 405
I years after our Lord left this earth that
j we had the Bible as it exists to-day, and
i the perfection of that Bible is due to the
; exertions of a Pope, Innocent the First,
! who bent all his energies that the Holy
I Scriptures should Incomplete, and accom
. plished his object.
"There is where the Bible, our Bible,
j came from. Tne original Bible as written
; in the Hebrew haa twenty-two books, and
j after the Jews went to Alexandria they
j added seven books that were accepted as
I of equal authority with the others.
"The Bible of tne Catholic Church as it
; stands to-day represents the old Hebrew
, Scriptures with the seven added books,
| and on this is based all the knowledge of
the Scriptures of the world.
"tor effect the Bible societies have cast
i out these seven books because they fall to
carry out tne Protestant belief, but when
we ask. a Protestant where the Bible he
reads comes from he must admit — for
I there is no other explanation— that it
j comes from the ancient Hebrew Scriptures
; and the only complete copies of these are
j the ones that were made by the monks of
: the early centuries of the Christian era.
"These 'lazy monks,' as they are now
! termed by Protestants, spent months,
l nay even years, on a single copy of the
Scriptures, reproducing them with a faith
fulness of detail that admits of no ques
tion of their absolute accuracy. Every
monastery had its writing-room, where
• the monks labored to preserve the Scrip
tures as we have them to-day.
"At the time when Martin Luther
J claimed to have discovered the true Bible
j history shews that there were nine dis
: tinct editions in existence.
"There is no doubt that Luther was
1 capable of changing a word here and there
j to suit his own purposes, and no doubt he
! did so, particularly as it is certain that
the book he claims to have discovered was
in existence when he was running around
in petticoats.
"The Bible as it exists to-day comes down
to us from the monks, and we come back
J to the old question, Where did you get
the Bible you have in your homes?
"Tne history of the Catholic Bible goes
; back 1900 years in an unbroken phalanx.
I Can any other Bible make the same show
t ing?
J "There is no church so tolerant as the
Catholic church, andnocburcb thatcoxnes
| so near being founded on a rock as that in
j which you and I worship." .
Ihe Divorce Court*.
Bessie Foster was granted a divorce from
William F. Fos'er by Judge Slack because of
the defendant's willful desertion. Plaintiff
was allowed to resume her maiden name.
Judge S«aweil granted Leon* F. Burnnam a
divorce from Louis P. Burn tiara because of the
latter* willful neglect.
Judge Hebbard granted a divorce to Jennie
C. Acborn from H. F. Achorn for desertion.
Plaintiff was allowed to resume her maiden
name. Jennie Creamer.
Gene Batiste Eeverron was granted a di
vorce from Alice J. Keveyron because or the
latter* desertion. Judge Daingerflt.d made
the decree.
Judge Sandmen divorced Mamie E. Tice
from £ben ¥. Tice on the ground of desertion.
Tea dollars a month alimony was allowed the
plaintiff.
Jtid^e Sea well has reopened the divorce suit
of Mrs. M. Woodward against Frank T. Wood
ward.
Zacharias Jnda was divorced from Gnada
tupe Juda for desertion by Judge D&ingerfield.
Municipal Ownership of Utilities.
The new charter makes ample provision for
municipal ownership ior public utilities. The
subject will be fully explained by prominent
s at the mass- meeting to-aight at
Metropolitan Temple. •
There are seventy-five doctors to every
100,000 persons in London.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896,
BRAW SCOTS IT
THE EXPOSITION
Brilliant Gathering of the
Local Clans Last
Night
A SUCCESSFUL EVENT.
Highland Fling and Other Dances
Indulged In by Lads
and Lasses.
PROGRAMME FOB THIS EVENING
Bicyclists Expected to Attend in
Foree — Future Events Fore-
told.
'•The rnddy lion romp'd in gold" floated
gayly from tbe roof of the Mechanics'
Pavilion last night, and the clans gathered
in ereat force. It was a brilliant occasion
and the Scots took full advantage of it.
Wttb waving plume? and tartans broad,
Clans Fraser and Macdcnaid and tbe Scot
tish Thistle Clab, over 100 strong, marched
into the Pavilion to the tune of "The
Campbells Are Coming." The procession
was headed by Pipers Tivendaie, Napier,
Wier and Ross, all braw tiltie lads.
Then came lbs regu.ar line in bonnets,
plaids and white cockades. Twice arouad
the bail they marched, finally stopping at
the grand stand, where all joined in "Auld
Lang Syne."
Hugh Craig, in a few appropriate re
marks, then introduced Irving M. Scott,
the orator of the eveninz. He paid a neat
compliment to the Scots, referring par
ticularly to their economy and enterprise.
Director fiealy was mo«t anxious to an
pear v a Scot, though bis brogue gave
him away. In spite of this great handi
cap, however, he recited with effect Ellen
McJones' "Aberdeen." It waa the opin
ion of tbe audience that he was a Scotch
man by right, though the accident of birth
made him a native of the Emerald Isle.
The reception comrri:t-e was made up
of the following well-known Scotchmen:
Chief Edward Kern of Clan Fraser;
Thomas Fraser, royal deputy Order of
Scottish Clans; Chief J. D. Couiie. San
Francisco Thistle Club; Andrew Wiikie,
president St. Andrew* Society; James
Rattray, chief of Clan Macdonaid; Chief
D. R. McSeill, Caledonia Club; M. L.
Crowe, Dr. J. A. McDonald, Alexander
Campbell, William Dawsoa, G. H. Pater
son.
On tbe platform were seated the follow
ing ge:.t.«men: Colonel C. L. Tavlor, H.
M. J. Me Michael, Stewart Menziey, James
Patterson. James McNab. Rev. M. M. Gib
son. Robert Balfour and John McLaren.
The bandstand was tastefully decorated,
and on the north side a fine engraving of
Robert Burns was hung. The national
dance was danced in truly artistic style,
noticeably the Highland reel, a? execut -d
by Alexander Beaton. Sybil Campbell,
James Baxter, Maggie Boy'd. Aiam Ross,
Lizzie Fairgrieve, Donald Smith, Isabel
Gregg, Robert Ross, Miss Couiie, D. M.
UcKenzie, Mabel Smith. The sword
dance by Sybil Campbell was one of the
features* of the evening, the Highland
ding as done by James Baxter was als«an
attractive event.
As a whole Scottish nicbt of the Me
chauic*' Exposition was a success in detail
snd general arrangement. Tbe vas;
Paviliion was crowded and every piece on
the programme thoroughly enjoyed.
Great interest is being manifested in to
night's programme, wuen the bicyclists
are expected to turn out in force. Between
3000 and 4000 devotees of the wheel have
already signified their intention of attend
ing, so there appears to be no question as
to t c success of tne evening.
• The president of tbe evening is Charles
A. Adams, and there will be addresses by
the following gentlemen: Hon. James G.
Maguire, Julius Kahn, James H. Barry
and Hon. Eugene F. Bert. Sam Booth
will read an original poem. The musical
programme for afternoon and evening is
as follows:
AFTEBNOOS.
March, "En Avant,"Gungl; overture, "Rosa
munde," Schubert: waltz. "Pesther," Lanner*
morcean, "Ls,»t Hope." Got tschaik; grand se
lection, "Huguenots," Meyerbeer: overture,
"Fran Melslerin,'.' Sappe; ballet music from
"Le Cld," Massenet;, fantasie, "A Summer's
Nixht in Norway," Wilmers; ••American Pa
trol," Meacham; "Prestissimo Galop," Wald
tealul.
mm,
Grand march, "-Tannhauaer" (Wagner); '■
overture, "Midsummer's Night Dream, con
cept (Mendelssoani; concert, waltz, '-Wine, '
Women and Song' (strands): trombone solo, j
**Atn Meer" (Schubert), performed by Alfred
Roncovieri; crand selection, "D:e Walsure" ;
'Wagner); overture, "Krant sctiutwr;"(iupp«); ;
"Reminiscences oi Weber" (Bach); -Facke;
tanz" (Meyerbeer); "Parrol of the Gnomes"
(Eilenberg;; "Bicycle Galop" (Casey;.
Wednesday, September 9, is "Baby
day." The following are the rules and
prizes:
Babies competine for prizes will be desig
nated: Boys, pink ribbon on left shoulder ;
girls, blue ribbon on right shoulder. Those
competing for prizes for heaviest babies:
Weiehing scales for boys north of music-stand,
for girls to the south of music-stand. Babies
must be natives of California.
Prizes — Handsomest baby boy. not over 2
years old, silver cup; handsomest baby boy,
not over 1 year o'.d. baby carriage strap, silver
mounted; heaviest baby boy, cot over 2 years
old, silver knife, fork and spoon; heaviest
baby boy. not over 1 year ola, silver rattle
with bella; handsomest baby girl, not over 2
years old, pap bowl, spoon and plate; hand
somest baby girl, not over 1 Tear old. art glass
and sliver puff box and puff; heaviest baby
girl, not over "- years old, silver brash and
comb; heaviest baby girl, not over 1 year old,
gold buttons with turquoise settings.
There will also be special prizes.
Judges— J. V. CoCey, James D. Phelan
and Edward M. Greenaway.
The German singing societies have made
great preparations for their day at the fair,
Monday, September 2L At their ;ast
meeting fourteen societies sent delegates,
and they will nave 400 singers that even
ing. Tuis wi!l without doubt be one of
the most attractive evenings at the fair.
The following committee from the dif
ferent societies has the matter in charge:
Robert Lorentz, general chairman: Charles
Traiuner, secretary; Hearv Pisgemaa, Julius
Meyer, siajin? section Verem tintracbt;
Robert Lorentz. Charles Cahnbley. Charles
Tr&ntner. singing section Teutonia: Fred
erick Gerke, C. Lnehl, Mr. Scanmea
haus, singing section Germania Club;
s Arp, T. Kolster, singing section
Deuucher Krieger Verein; R. Boie, Mr. Well-.
Freundsenaf: Sangertund; C. Traiu, B. Aa
derlein, Voerwaxts Gesang Verein: Th. Weil,
Pau. Hiaiaon, San Francisco Mannercnoir
Liederkranz: R. M.ller. L Sangmark. Wa.halla
Gesang Vereia; A. K*tterer, M. Winkler. Mr.
de Witt, Bayern Band singing section ; I.
Horten, I. Newbauer, Mission Turn Verein
smeing section; H. Graber, O. Deus, A.
Trecker, Herman Sohne Mannerbund; A.
HeSmann. A. Vo/ler, Soziallshncher Manner
choir; Lud'.ke C. Sonien.
The hundreds of booths continue to at
tract general attention and praise. In
the whole Pavilion there Is no more at
tractive exhibit than that of Eagleson JL
Co.. shirt-manufacturers. Eight neatly
dressed eirls are to be seen in the actual
making of these nece?sary articles of men's
wearing apparel, their nimble fingers
keeping time to tbe music wnich wells ud
from machinery hall tost below. Eagie
son & Co. enjoy the distinction of being
the largest retail shirt-manufacturers in
the United States, employing no less than
198 Deople. The exhibit at the Mechanics"
Exposition is in charge of J. E. Shannon.
FORCED INTO INSOLVENCY
Osborn & Osborn Owe $11,000
More Than They
Possess.
Their Petition Filea Yesterday in the
Superior Curt — Da? to
Attachments,
R. F. Osborn and F. A. Osborn. wbo
have been engaged in the hardware busi
ness at 751 Market street, yesterday filed a
petition in insolvency as a result of at
tachments that have recently been levied
on them. The firm owes $27,C?7 03 and its
assets amount to $21,505, on which there
are incumbrances amounting to |
Tbe principal creditors of tbe hardware
men are the Crocker-Woolworth Ban*, to
which institution $11,300 is due, $3000 o!
which is secured by a deed to homestead
property and certain hardware; Laura F.
Osborn, $2600, unsecured; J. Gum mer
man, $1600, secured by building associa
tion stock; £. C. Osborn, $ii 79. unsecured,
and the German Savings Ba.ik, $4500*,
secure.) by mortgage on real estate.
The assets consist of hardware valued at
$14,000, |3CM) worth of stock, $5 debts due
the firm and real estate worth $5500.
AT PACIFIC GROVE.
Programme of Kxrrciiei to Be Held
There Daring the Next Few
Dayi. .
The programme for the next few days at
Pacific Grove is as follows:
Friday. September 4 to Tuesday, September
8, inclusive. Itinerants' Club.
Tuesday, September 8. 3 p.m. , temperance
anniTerssiy and Ami-Saloon League meeting
Speakers: 'Rev. S. J. Carroll, D.D., and Key
F. D. Bovard. D.D.
Tuesday, September 8, 7:30 T. * Army
Veterans' Club. * *
Wednesday, September 9, conference ses
sion. Bishop Foss presiding, 9A. x. Sessions
daily, 9 to 12. 2:30 r. at, anniversary
Woman's Home Missionary Society.
Wednesday, 7:30 p. St., missionary sermon
Rev. W. C. Gray. '
Thursday. 2:30 p. x, anniversary Woman's
Foreign Missionary Society. .
Thursday, 7:30 p. 31 , mass-meeting in the
interest of Sabbath observance.
- Friday afternoon and evening, Lay Associa
tion.
Saturday, 3 p. * semi-centennial sermon
P. G. Buchanan.
• Saturday, 7:30 p. a., educational anniver
sary.
JlSunday, 7:30 p. m... worth League anni
versary.
• »» — <•
Insolvency Cases.
George (Jordan, who has been conducting a
general store at Point Arena, Mendocino
County, yesterday filed a petition ia insol
vency. He owes ftiUOS, principally to local
firms, and has no assets.
BOLD BURGLARY
IN DAYLIGHT.
James E. Wolfe's Flat on
Ellis Street Ran
sacked.
SEVEN ROOMS EAIDED.
Many Trinkets, Jewels and Pre
cious Stones Were
Taken.
MISS KEYES 18 THE IO3ER.
Campbell P. Berry's Apartments Were
Explored — Incidents of the
Raid.
Burglars had a riotous time in seven
rooms of James E. Wolfe's flat, 1029 Ellis
street, Wednesday afternoon. Mr. Wolfe,
the architect, was at his office downtown
and Mrs. Wolfe was in San Bernardino
County when tbe burglars visit* the
premises. A flat below and a flat above
are occupied, but the people knew noth
ing of what was going on under the same
roof.
It is impossible to ascertain at the pres
ent time just how much plunder the
burglars obtained. The list of the missing
articles cannot be correctly made out un
til it i 3 ascertained what Mrs. Wolfe took
with her in the way of jewelry, etc., when
she went to San Bernardino County.
Everything was turned topsy-turvey in the
dat, and in the general rummaging articles
were scattered in every direction.
Mr. Wolfe fancies that the burglars got
in about 3 o'clock Wednesday ait ernoon
and must have been there when he came
home at 5 o'clock and sought to enter tbe
flat by the EUia-street door. It is easily
seen tnat tne burglars came in the rear
way, through Wi'low avenue, extending
from Gough to Franklin streets. They
forced a latticed door leading to the
kitchen, so had an avenue of escape in tne
event of surorise. Drawers were pulled
out and tbe contents scattered about.
Tne empty watebcase and jewel-case and
tbe sewing-machine pocket attest a thor
ough searcti of Mrs. Wolfe'3 room.
Mrs. Graaam, mother of George Rich
ards, has a room in the flat. It looks aa if
a cyclone bad struck it. Tbe lady ia vis
iting at Lorin, Alameda County, so an in
ventory of her losses cannot be made out
until it is known what she put in her
trunk when she went away.
The rooms occupied by United States
Assistant Treasurer C. P. Berry and fam
ily were raided. These rooms are on the
Eilivstreet end of the flat, and it is sur
mised that the burglar? were ransacking
these when Mr. Wolfe reached home and
tried to get in with hi? passkey. When
he found the door bolted he rang the bell.
He fancied that the raiders then decamped
the Willow-street route.
The fact that Campbell Berry's gold
headed cane and Mr*. Berry's gold-headed
parasol, together with Mr. Berry's cloth
ing, were untouched, is regarded as proof
conclusive tnat the burglars were fright
ened away.
Tne room of Miss Keyes, a daughter of
Mr?. Borry, was explored in cyciouic fash
ion. Everything was pitched at>out in
confusion, except the pictures on ti.e
wall. Miss Keyes saved her va uable gold
watch. The fancy to take it with her last
Wednesday was obeyed. It is her custom
to leave it at home, "but this tim« sue di
verged from her custom. She lost many
little articles of value, some of which she
highly prized.
Among tbe articles taken may be men
tion«Hl: Pearl and gold rimmed opera
ghisses. a pin engraved E. J. Keyes. gen
tleman's watchfob with red stone, oox
containing one garnet, three turquoises,
two pearls, one amethy-t and a small
brooch of oruliants; a. so a box contain
ing old-style earring*, a hand ring, highly
prized as an emblem of friendship, and a
banjzie pin with the Lord's Prayer linely
eneraved thereon.
When Mrs Wolfe went south she put
away many thinrs in a closet The bur
glars did no: enter tbe closet. Four or
rive trunks packed with clothing and arti
cle* of value were left untouched. This
incident convinces Mr. Wolie that he sur
prised the burglars in the very act of
plundering the premises. Tbe fact of the
raid was at once reported to the Police
Department.
Bubr 1< Administrator.
A motion to revoke the letters of adminis
tration granted B. F. Buhr ia the estate of
Sarah Jen.* was yesterday denied by Judge
flack. The application was made by a nephew
of the deceased, who alleged that Bahr had a
criminal charge pending against him.
JTEW TO-DAY.
tICcHIIS^ Natural -
d Flavor
W iKOai- _.■ Atßk without that scalded* a
•1* -*2ffßKrl A <*"i r -tl« res-It^
m KtS^|f!i *^%,<T I r.evrr before obtained m
||J^fc^2^ brothers.
m) F^^«msj*/ J rur*«E9 rr J
5 New ork Condensed f
DR. n.ILL'S PiEI.WIGOR.ITOR
kj^iair^ THIS SECRET KEIIEDV
£M &y all Io^p? in '21 hours. P.^tores
I Hanhood. Enlarges Small O— an>,
THrs SECRET KFMEiIV stoin
•11 losses in 24 tiourv Restores
Man:iuol. Enlarge* Small Organs.
S« n9*s crin?^ Ktr.U>ion*. lin potency, Varico-
W=l P{s cele, i-onorrr-.tPi. Gleet. Fits, Strtc-
mwl iUI :are9 > Blood Disease and all wasting
iXM J?i? e.-!«ts of -elf Abu->e or Ktc-^sss.
>i»?Amt^T4 s«nt so» ed, $2 per bottle, TURKU
BOTTLED. *5: guaranteed to cure any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway. Oakland. Cat
All private diseases quickly cured.. Send for
free book. ■ . .
cosmopol.it
Opposite C. & Mint. 100 and 102 fifth «'.. saa
Francisco, C&I — The mot; select tamilv hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, *1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 50;
and Tso a day. Free coach to and from the hotel
Look tor tne coach be&riag th» name of the Cots-
xbopolitao IXoteL WiL FAHKV. Proprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
PHAF.LE3 H. PHILLIPS. ATTORSBY-AT-
V law anl Roust Pn-Uc. *3& -Ur_«( •_, o??>
isve jfal*c* HomL Ttlepaoae $70. Ifs-liisnot Uj«
I tim. l eieyhoa* "fui" ML
-„- „ '- , - 1 1. -1., I, ,i - ' • ! THBOCGH TP.AIX3w
vs-88-*b-_b_-_H__Bb-I B»aS3aUB-tit_9_9-a___HHBHE_9I For Point Beyea ana way *:»aoa»— 9 _. __
M^i?% MANHOOD RESTOREDvSs :E^°— "-~'"~
Bj^^n^fi^* ZZ? & tion ot a ffaious French physician, will quickly cure /ooof
■ BEFORE Aito after l^S^S^iSSS^^SS^S^* am H A:>rD AFTE * Thursday, august tt
■ crPl»JE!fEstr?n?tlieDS-.':dr»storeseiß_llK-eiiorVan«. • UUBpana » V.,, I ™^ .^ ! ii,, conne<^- W L'V * or \ h Pact n> Coast
The reason inffeKr. are not cared by Doctors Is becacse ninety per cent are troobJ«! with £t£Tiw'i M i? Ka: * **,* D * J " 1 Ie V 9 * *>»»-
Pr^tj^tf^ CCPlD^EiBth#onlyta»««med/toCTrewtthoutMo^rat^»o^ eiSS eU iV*« ; *^si f amv ' IV""^aa!*1 V""^a-
a!* a wrf:t.-aen-™ntpegtrpaa^ money returned If six boxes doe* no; eactapermanea^^a _^?__Pi-__*; nwi V : aTe !s * FrancL,co 9
HjOOabox,Hxforti«»,byiaAl2. Send drcclar and testtoonlaSr^^ * * perc__j«»* c«»»m . a. it. «N.i 1:30 p. x. : re:nrn!t3ii arrive in San Fr_»-
DAfOL SIKOICiXB CO.. U7o*ar*, *re«, 6 aaFra ci.co.C-i. rora-l.b, , EZZSL'S? **° *' * Tlcke » c a «« *"*<«
Jsl-.OVKV PHAKiIACV, XX» Poweil » XHOS. COOK & SOX, 621 ilarWet v.
! IEV TO-DAY.
Our Suits
Are Best Made, Best Fabrics.
Our Styles
Are Correct, always.
Our Prices
Are Half Retail Prices.
That accounts for our Big, Bustling, Busy store,
down on the quiet wholesale street, where rents are
low and prices likewise. Here's a sample:
New Plaid Effects, in brown, tan, gray, black and
§blue, the latest cut, very handsome suits, sold at $15,
$18 and $20 at retail stores. Our wholesale price, $10.
Guaranteed perfect fitting. Linings and trimmings are
superb.
Hyams, B r °wn
& co.
wholesale Max act? xzxs
Men's, Boys' and Children's
Fine Clothing
RETAILED
AT WHOLESALE PRICES
25 & 27 SANSOME ST.
ONXY ONE- HALF BLOCK FROM MARKET.
.^ — -c*>- f RAILROAD TRAVEL;
f*tt(\fil £ SOUTHER* PACIFIC COMFAXT.
Jml ||l/y«-\J (pacific »t.,rcjc.)
'Wtlji-^^*' "T^ AMD Trstsi leave nat! are dap to arrive- at
X<mmy^ r^S _rf>- «* _ > »-*■> IKAMIS(O.
//^^^^' ~ \ €\\ I LUaLa}'- uute — FroM Septzmebji 3, 1896. — Ar.nivi
S«£s?ftVi /' \ "*-* ** ~" ' ! *6:OOa Nile*. San Jose aad Way Stations... 8:43 a
I*6«33gpl\s'-/V^_^ ft 7:«>Oa Atlactio Express, Ugdea aad East.. 8:15p
Sr^-^^-iJS-* ry ■- . CP 7:««_. Bcni.-ia, Vac*TilJe. Ramsey. .Sacra-
r^el£gEtFJ?&^'''££--ifi?^ raento, Chorda and Bedding ti_
G-^ttS&L^Sri^Zi r£~£^KdL^ 1 ' 7:00 a MartS^i S^ Kamoi.' Xapa,' Caii-
£-%. ¥~r*Btseß ""^N.^*^ toga and Saata. Bos. 6:15r
lr * 8:30 a Niks. .San Jose, Stockton. lose,
Sacramento, MarysTiUe and Bed
Bloff «:1.%p
_______ -__.-». ! »8:30 a Peters and Milton »7:15r
LJ ft- A 1 n Q 0:00 a Los Angeles Express. Fresno. Santa
nCHLU O Barbara and Lou Angeles 4:43-
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., SA3T 9^O«A Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a.
Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, bos!- B=OOa vallejo..... 6:13p
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting. 1«««P Nii*«, Saa Jose aad LiTermore S:lsa
telegraphy, raodern languages, EnglUh branches I}*™? BfGimeaU} ElTer Steamers *0:OOp
acd ever/tain? pertaining to a business education tl s3op Port Costa and Way S.iUans ........ 1-:45f
rapidly tan ? h:. Department of Electrical En- *:OOi- M^tiaet Son Bimon. VaUejo^
gingering In operation. Individual instrncUon, 20 | liapa, talutoga. ii >erano ana
teachers. Nignt sessions, students can commence __«-_ - r , oaf ta i»g«a. ................ .„ .... ' IlaA
at any time. Thousands of graduates In positions. *••*** BenWa. Vaosrtlle, Esparto, Wood-
Wnte for catalogue. *£?*' ,£?&** V¥ ldlcg 1 J» r^- „ _.
2 ! -■•.;.-.= Till. 1 , OrOTille and . Sacramento 10:43 a
,... Dnf Tr . lc , crunni 4:3«i»Si!ea, San Jose, liTermcre and
MISS BOLTE S SCHOOL, Stockton 7:15*
99Q7 SACRAMENTO onion EKO- ! **** Merced. Bere^da, Raymond (for U .«a
OOQ7 liab. perfect mastery of and Ger- . s:#d , Yosemite) aad Fwsno .. 11:45 a
Z-Jl lish. perfect mastery of French and Ger- s:## , NewOriean. Lxpress.rresno.Bakets-
man. thorough musical traininsf. dancing; *30 per , * lanta Barbara.Los Angeles,
month: new term July 87: coach. ; Dei-in*. El Paso, Orleans and
MISS ffLST'S SCHOOL FOR CiBLS, I a• 0 * East 1«:13a
HS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, ■ fel tfti&£SiS££ io-.isa
O(\l A VAS NESS AV'E.- TWENTY-THIRD : 3:oOrVaosjo 11i43a
-Ul4 year opens August 12. Certificate ad- I «:OUp European Mail. Ogden and East.... 9:«3a
mlts to V_«»r, Sxith and Weilesley College*, j 6:00 pllay wards, Miles aud Sail Jo«e 7:43 a
Home pupil* limited to fourteen. Kindergarten J7:«Or- Vallejo f7:43p
connected with the school. 7:OOp Kxpresa. Sacramento, Marjs-
i *iiie, Re«ldlng, Portlaud, Puget
SISS ELIZABETH WHUO ■ •^" t
FRENCH AND KfQXJSH SCHOOL RE- : t??*»A Santa Cra Eicnrsion, Santa Crux
moved from 515 Hal^ht 3:. to 230 Halght: and Tritcipal Way Stations JB:os*
' limited number of boarders received; pupils pre- til3AKe»ark.Ceiitennie,Kaii.Tose.Felton,
' panrd for college: term opens A ugu*t 3. Santa Cruz and Way
s==-55=5SSS5!:=S=!S5 Statious 3^3op
*2:a3f ITewark, C«nterr£llc, San Jose. New
warn m ■■ ■ am a lazanra reft«Btlla« fa i Almaden. Feiton. Boulder Creek,
I II S¥l Oi M firn'-t loreng*. Santa tn: and Prindral Way
I ft 111 Mil Terya*r~eab!..to<Aie. Stations.... *" : r°>
COJI"»TIPATIOH Newark. SauJcae and Ijm Catoa.... 9:30^
■ >■■&■■■■■, • hemorrhoids, bile, tO.Wl' MTiHi»S « I bird A Tonnseml SU.)
INDIES loas of app<»j;"e. gastric aa4 »^«a J<y a^V^ m^., <New ——
H t. II inteat.iuU troubles and •*«*B«n Jow »jml Wm butions (Xew
I II U I Is II headache arlsinc A!n»de<i Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
from them. 17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
CRII lON E. GP.H.LON". S«at» Cruz. Parifio Grore, and i*M
XXII 9 fIU 3SRnedMASal£«.Fula .„ B PrincfpalWay Station. l*:33r
UniLUJW •aSASauJo^Tx* -^^g*cg
— — - - -— Jjjis '. ■•'• L>rx>. Gcadalup« aud Pria-
RAILROAD TRAVEL. dral VTay Siatfbus 7rt>3p
?9:4?a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:3Op
lO:*OA.SanJoseajidWay Stations 3:OOp
SET Alii"! DfIDTI Aliil CV H:3Oa 1 ... . Al«o Way Statiow 3:30p
1 r* AllU rUnILMnU tA -^aorSaa >late-\ MenlO Park, -San Jose.
minnlnil -r nal » I '-'•■■ GUroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
jPSifIN I RAIN Saltna»,MoDtereyaiHlPaci^eOroTe*l«:4«A
UUItWIUn I ll«III. «3:aop SanJow. Paciac Grote and Way
crpr = in <= on OS on Stations •Ill**
r>t±-l. r», IV, 19, JV, -O, ,SU, , M:3OpEaaJu9ean.l Way SUtioas «8:O«a
And Krery Fifth Day Thereafter, 3:50r San Jose ami Principal Way SUtion» »B:4Sa
Leave from ». P. Landing, foot 0, n t%*&*JZtts§^;;;"-;. £$£
CDCPIAI \ tin mclodin* Berth, _J>Aj J.tA>UBU A..D HAIWABDS LjHUL.
OPrGIAL' 510 Tourist Slwoer. i "SSSi f £_"*
RATES? 81 9 rint-claat. including i *♦•«*:* Selro«, binary Park, Sfi*
RATES $19 ■ > S&S» =S H «23^l «^w«rM, SSS:
For further Cnformatlon apply at 613 Market »":22* I FJtekb-rx. S*n Leaadre l?!!'^ 1 "
street ( irand Hotel ticket office), > F. -:<k. p I!Xs
RICHARD AY, T. H. GOODMAN'. _2£ I ** d " 5^43p
Gen. Traffic M ii C -° - A gt. is>l Hayward*. ] « :I^
SMFRMCISCO &NORTH PA- jg] !RS -|-*.»-. | tt |l
tlriC KAIL 1! .11 CO. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tlhnron r.rrr-roo of %r..w-» a* ■ ! *?«? f SISaSCO-foot tf Msrket SSrtet (Si» ~UM
xipcron Ferry-Foot of Mark* tSt. 15 9:00 urfH4 . M . n - :3 . 2: :: |3.-C0
San Franclico to San Rafael. *i 13 t::C3 HMrM.
WEEK DAYS— 7 '3O. 9:00. 11-00 a. «.• i*.*» Pran OUUIS— of Br»«i¥»?.— *«:«> 8.-00
»0» 6:10, 6:SO P. M Tharsdayt-KkttaS. **»**. "MO t2^o -MO t«8
at 11:30 p. m. Satordays-Kxum trips at lii* "3:*>.m.
&o<l 11:30 Px. — ' " -.-■■■ ■ ' .- . . — ,
BCNDAYS-7:30, 9:3 a 11:00 a. X.- 1:30, 3'M A Morning. P for Afternoon.
6 aW, 6:20 p. m. T> -. * Sundaja exempted. t Saturdays oar/.
■ s&^iiVi?,^^*-^-* :
mC ¥£ Y J i 35t 9:33, U:l ° a. m.; I: «*»'** a . « a. _^
6 :w, 6 25 P. M. A fin +*% ■+■%/-* .-_-_a_
B«we«a San Francisco and Schaetsen Park tas» t\ LICtIILIC Ml
schedule as above. . _ W
■L*** T e- Tn»*f*-* I Arrive w»^. mmm Jror^t* *jAw^y
■" n f rancisco. -If J , Saa Fraacisco. _ Pacific j£ii!i%
»»"&".: i RAILBOAD
TJ»A_7:ao_j» ScrraMJ. 10:40 am' B:4O~A_i Trains Ie»v» aod awlTa a: Mfi^M-HE-S--l
»U»pm 9:30 am Petaiuma, j 6:oft rat, 10:10 a« «Urte«-S«^s ierry. WBCTgSgi
i:tor-s:wpi.:^, Kosa.! T:3O pm e=ia m pFPYPRP^ Ml±M <§
Fniton. 3.4.1 1 A rfc tlrftt>>, kss^se;»_»
I:9OAM -"SLiSSS, 10:10 a. I Chk.,oTi.A..r.^^ 3
IG^Jr^U* Direct I-lno «9«^Q||
8:90 PK 730 am Oowrdal*. 7:30 r* 6:15 P_t iff™ SSS£j£i 8 «-• carry. Pnllma*
! : : ■ Palace Dfiwla^foom Bieep-rs, a.so MoAtrn In.
_ _ ■ I I _ ««ta, . holstrred Tourwt %eeplnc-c«n, wfth clean lie«
I : l 0 '* 1 ' -__ Hqpland * 10:10 ax »nl beddiac and la cfcarce of a porter, run dan*
t:3oru 7:30 a- Ckiah. ; 7:Sopm 6:15 pm throat to Chicaeo Tia Kansas city. Annex can
7:30 am : '• 10-10 am *° r Denver and 3- Louts. i
7:30 am GuerMTiae. I 7^opst ' Persona ly coodocted Boston JExenrsloiis tU
3:50 nt ' >ay *" «u««*uio. i .w r-. Sis™ «sonsa_ CUy. Chlca«a, Montreal and if Walt*
3 "™ : gI!)yl « _lOTint»ins le»Te every Wednesday.
730.x 7:30 Sonoma 10:40 AM 8:40 am The best railway from California to ts« EasY
• ','.. L~: I , and - -. - New rails. new ties: nodoat: interesting sofnenri
10 PM!5:OOrM{ Glen Ellen. ' 6:03 pm| 6:15 rM I and good meals In Harvsy's dining-rooms.
7:SOam 7:80 am ,1^,01,01 [10:40 am 10:10 am ■ Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
»:SO pm pm' g'P—toP o - | «:Q>-Mi 6:16 pm | Chronicle Baildlng,
Stages connect at San: Roaa for Mark West *•»•**•■• Mais 1631.
Springs j at Geyserrtlla tor !?«a«rs Springs: at ' — —-
Cloverdale for (_• Geysers; at Piet* for Highland
Bprines. Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and LAkeport- at
Sffl^^^Sr^i^Vr^'iS SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
X-aiiea. Laurel Dell Late. Upper Luc e, Porno. P«tte> (Via Sau-allto Ferry).
Valley. Jonn Day's, Klversl'le. Uerlers, Buck- from San Fnuicuco. lotommclAS June IS. ISSi
•ell's. Sanhedriu Heights, HnllTille, BoonevOla, WEEKDAYS,
greenwood, Ore's Hot Sprlnr*. Mendocino C4ty, For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 .-00, *S!00
T«r. Bra«. W««pon. TJsal, Will eta, Cahto, C*> »9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. M-: «1:40, 308. 4:li
««o. LaytonrUle, Harris, Scotia aad Eureka. 6:15, »aKX»ri:35 r i. —-.•**
Eatorday to Monday reondHrlp tickats at redo— l Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed aaa-
"^Sunday, round-trip Ucket. to all joint. b» aajs anJ si»»turCav« _; 11:30 P. M.
On Mondays roand-trip tickets to all aotata a*> SUNDAYS
read San Rafael at half ratea. " ror Mni valley and *Ssan Rafael— *BK», «900.
Ticket Offlces. 6so Mar.et su, Chronicle onndtaft •lOsiO. 11:30 a. _.: »»Ii XX "1 -~SO, «2:15, *4.':oa
H. C WHITLVO. R. X. BTAS, S:SO - 6: 5 - S:3O P. ic. ExtrA trip to Saujaatoas
v> yen. -lanaf-r. Gen. Pass. A««l. 1] :tK) *■ ■■ • run to «an Qaentln. «12:3«
Trains marked • rua to San Qventla. **12:3 C
-------»----»---■■---»■--------»----»---_---------- p. m, does nit ran 10 21111 V_i:ey.
910
A LAWYER ROPED
IN OPEN COURT
Campbell Tied Attorney Bell
Up by Hand and
Foot
AN ODD OBJECT LESSON.
Unusual Features Developed in
the Trial of 0. W.
Winthrop.
URQUHART REMAINED SILENT
When Winthrop, Who Had Told Him
of His Alleged Plot, Passed Him
With Campbell.
The trial of Oliver W. Winthrop pro
gressed yesterday, with some peculiar
developments incident to the testimony.
Durine tho forenoon session Attorney
Bell, who appears for Winthrop, tried to
demonstrate that the story told by Camp-
THE WITNESSES AT THE TRIAL OF OLIVER WINTHROP.
bell is inconsistent. Bell had Campbell
tie him exactly as Campbell testifies that
he was tied when he was a prisoner in the
house in Richmond. Then with Jittle dif
ficulty Bell kicked his feet loose and began
to gnaw at U.e ropes with which his hands
were tied. This took place during the
cross-examination of Campbell, which,
with the redirect, occupied all the fore
noon.
The star witness of the afternoon for the
people was D. A. Urquhart. This witness
became acquainted with Campbell at the
Occidental Hotel, drank with him at the
bar, and was on terms of pleasant casual
acquaintance, such as often exists among
people stopping some time together at the
same public hou«e. Winthrop came to
Urquhart, so the latter testified, and
told him all about a plan to kid
nap Campbell, and not only talked
with him repeatedy about the plot,
but also wrote him a letter on the same
subject matter from San Jose. Then on
the very day thai Campbell was taken
away to the house in Richmond prepara
tory to being imprisoned Winthrop came
to him and said that he wanted the wit
ness to help him. In their previous con
versation Winthrop had mentioned $50,000
as the sum be expected to get from Campr
bell. When Winthrop and Campbell left
the Occidental Hotel to.ether Urquhart
saw them. In fact h<> met Campbell and
Winthrop walking toeether on Mont
gomery street. Winthrop had to!d him
that he had hired the house he was going
to take Campbell to, but when he met
them that Monday afternoon going
toward the California-street cars, as he
thought, Urquhart did not cay anything
to Campbell about the plot.
Urquhart explained on the witness
stand that he did not believe there was
| anything in the plot or that it would ever
be carried out.
On his redirect examination Urquhart
seemed to contradict his statement con
cerning bis •stimation of the reality of
the plot by testifying that prior to August
S he had told George A. Koch about it.
I Koch was, he knew, a friend of Campbell.
I August 3 was the date of Campbell's dis
| appearance.
The cross-examinntion of Campbell by
W-nthron's counsel dealt largely with
; Campbell's acts as he testified to them, ]
! the period covered being principally the
\ time when he was held a prisoner in Rich
mond. Concerning this feature of the
case Campbell testified in answer to At
torney Bell's questions that when he
had the struggle witb "Pete" and
Winthrop in the cottage much noise
was made and that he screamed
loudly; that he was tied to an
armchair from 8 o'clock Monday night
| until 8 o'clock Tuesday morning, and he
j made no effort to escape during that time;
that when he was handcuffed and gagged
and placed on the bed, be found tbat he
had three feet of play on the chain which
was attached to nim, but he made only
one attempt to duU out the chain, which
was held by staples; that when he talked
from the house in company of "Pete,"
after he bad been released, and to the
Geary-street car, he did not call for help j
to have "Pete" arrested; he gave as his
reason that he did not then know what
part of the City he was in ; Campbell also
said that he made no attempt to see
"Pete's" face, although tie was unmasked
while they were passing through tho street
toward the Geary - street car. Another
statement made by Campbeil was that he
smoked a cigar which "Pete" had given
him after the gag was removed from his
mouth. He had refused to eat for fear he
would be poisoned, and, while he had
rinsed his mouth with water which was
given to him in the cottage, he had not !
swallowed any, being all the time actuated
| by the fear of poison.
The rope-tying scene was something
new in court Attorney Bell is young and
lithe. Campbell is athletic, but far beyond
middle life. There was in evidence in the
courtroom the rope with which Campbell
has testified tbat he was bound while in
the cottage in Richmond. Attorney Bell
drew from Campbell that he had been at
?ea and that he bad been, in fact, a ship's
carpenter for two years. Presumably he
acquired some knowledge of seacraft dur
ing those two years, but he testified that
he could not tie knots very well. He did
not think he could tie them as well as
Winthrop bad done.
"Tie me as Winthrop tied you," de
manded Attorney Bell.
While a courtroom crowded with spec
tators looked on as curiously as did Judge
Wallace, the jury and counsel at this
mimic re-enactm<ent of part of the al
leged performance in the Richmond cot
tage, Campbell tied the attorney's hands.
Then he put the rope around Bell's ankles.
Bell kicked his feet loose ami with the aid
of his teeth soon freed his hands also.
"Oh, but you are using yonr teeth," said
Campbell.
'•Well, coolly said Attorney Bell, smil
ing, "you had teeth when you were tied."
"Yes. but they were not as good teeth as
yours."
"Did you try to get loose?" asked Attor
ney Bell.
"No; what was the use?"
The first witness at the afternoon ses
sion was A. A. Brown, who loaned W*n
throp $35 on July 28, Winthrop represent
ing that he wanted the money to purchase
a cemetery lot, upon which he expected to
make a profit, from a man in San Jose.
This testimony was introduced to show
that Winthrop expected to go to San Jose
for some Durpose.
D. A. Urquhart is aged 34. He testified
principally concerning his personal career.
He served as a telegraph operator for a
railroad many years in Canada, and also
had a cattle ranch there. Then he came
to California about three years ago. He
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
acted as stenographer for Pope & Talbot
about one year. Then he was in the same
capacity at bakerstield four months, being
employed by the Kern County Land Com
pany. He apent one month at Los An
geles and then returned to San Francisco
and worked one month for (Siegfried &
Brandenstein. Next be was an advertis
ine solicitor for newspapers and traveled
in rtah two months for A. Schilling & Co.
as a salesman.
Concerning his talks with Winthrop and
his knowledge of the case, he testified that
lie had been acquainted with Winthrop
about fifteen months. The first conversa
tion he had with Winthrop about Camp
bell took place some time in the latter part
of June. While Urqubart and Winthrop
were sitting in the Occidental Hotel office
Campbell passed through, and Winthrop
asked who he was. Urquhart answered
that it was Campbell of Honolulu; that he
was worth several million dollars, which
he had made by his own exertions. Win
throp asked about Campbell's family, and
at that same conversation said that Camp
bell would be a good subject to kidnap. This
topic was repeatedly suggested thereafter
by Winthrop, and at the second conversa
tion Winthrop tried to persuade Urquhart
to take part in the proposed kidnaping.
Winthrop said that $50,000 could begot
from Campbell either in a check or in
cash by using torture. Several conversa
tions which occurred were all in the same
line. There were from twelve to fifteen
such conversations, some In the Occidental
Hotel and some in the street.
Then Urqunart testified that on oca oc
casion Winthrop asked him if he had re
ceived a telegram from him (Winthrop)
from San Jose. A telegram was produced
in evidence which was dated at San Jose,
July 31, and signed "W," and which said
that the signer would be up from San Jose
that night and wished Urquhart to meet
him. Urquhart, testified that Winthrop
repeatedly urged him to assist in the
scheme, but that he steadily declined to
do so. He received a letter signed "0. W.
W.," which was dated San Francisco, June
24, 1896, in which occurred the words: "I
have been wondering how we could fully
carry ont the scheme." This letterjwas
produced, identified and filed as an ex
hibit.
Concerning the transactions of the
afternoon of August 3 Urqnhart testified
that he talked with Winthron about
Campbell about 12:30 p. m. "Winthrop I
said that if Urquhart would not assist him
he thought that he would aive up the
plan. He had found a man who would
help him, but he thought that this man
was not strong enough. After thi9 con
versation Urquhart went upßtairs to the
parlor of the Occidental Hotel and tnere
saw Campbell and shook hands with him
and spoke to him. He did not say any
thing to him about Wintbrop or concern
ing Winthrop's plans. That afternoon
about 3:30 he saw Winthrop and Camp
bel! walking together on Montgomery
street toward the California-street cars.
Then he saw no more of Campbell until
Camnbell had been out in Richmond.
"Were yon discharged by Schilling &
Co.?" asked Attorney Bell.
"Yes, sir," answered Urquhart.
"Were you arrested in Utah on a charge
of forgery?"
"Yes, sir, and the Grand Jury dismissed
the charge."
"Were you ever arrested on a charge of
forgery here?"
''No, sir — oh, yes, sir."
"Do you forget such a ■mall thine at
that?" B
"I wa« arrested h*re on a charge of for
gery made by Frisbie, Risdon & Co. I
wax discnarged by Judge Sanderson. I
signed the firm name on a check. I was a
member of the firm and bad a right to
sign the firm namr."
The witness identified a letter which he
wrote to Winthrop on July 17, 1896, and
which was sent from the Occidental Hotel.
In this letter Urquhart told Campbell that
he was forming a mining company and
had a scheme by which Winthrop could
make some money.
Tne point -which Attorney Bell sought
to make was that this letter elicited the
letter from Winthrop in which he said
that "I have been wondering how we can
fully carry out the scheme."
When Urquhart came down from the
parlor of the Occidental Hotel on ihe after
noon of August 3 he testified that he saw
Winthrop and told him tnat he had just
seen Campbell upstairs. Winthrop said:
"I am waiting for him," but Urquhart did
not stop Campbell nor warn him.
"Then you made i>e *Bort to stop this
crime?"
"No, sir."
Urqnhart testified that, acting under
instruction of Captain Curtin, he" went to
Winthrop's house on Wednesday, two
days after Campbell disappeared, and saw
Mrs. Winthrop. He left a message for
Mr. Winthrop asking him to call the next
day. He did this because he wanted to
find out where Campbell was. His wife
said that he had not been home the night
before (Tuesday). Urquhart passed
Wednesday night, August 5, in Oakland.
The next day he came back to San Fran
cisco and conferred with Captain Curtin
and Captain Lees, and that afternoon re
turned to Plumas County. He had told
George A. Koch ten days before this of
what Winthrop had said about abduct
ing Campbell. After Campbell was
missed Koch said to Urquhart that
Campbell was to have sailed tbat day
(Tuesday) for Honolulu, but had not
gone. Then they went to see Captain Cur
tin. Koch was Campbell's friend.
W. H. Campbell testified that he had
known Campbell, the complaining wit
ness, between fifty and sixty years. He
was talking with Millionaire Campbell in
the Occidental Hotel on the afternoon of
August 3, and Millionaire Campbell ex
cused himuelf suddenly, saying that he
had an engagement to keep", and walked
toward Winthrop, who had entered the
hotel while they sat conversing.
James M. Streeten testified that he saw
Millionaire Campbell passing along Mont
gomery street on the afternoon of Augnst
4 in company with a man about the build
of Winthrop. The man wore a soft white
hat.
Dr. Edward Cook, M.D., of 2105 Devisa
dero street, who has known Campbell
since 1881, saw Campbell leave the Occi
dental Hotel with Winthrop on the after
noon of August 3.
Alexander Duncan of 207 Larkln street,
the former owner of Duncan's mills, testi
fied that on two occasions Winthrop asked
him for an introduction to Campbell. He
reiused to introduce him.
The trial will be continued to-day.
GREAT BICYCLE BELAY,
Couriers Twelve Hours Late
at Suburbs of
Chicago.
Major McKinley to Sign the Packet
at Cleveland,
Ohio.
The couriers of the San Francisco Ex
aminer and the New York Journal conti
nental relay made fair progress through
Eastern lowayesterday. At Cedar Rapids
the people were wrought up to consider
able enthusiasm. At Cedar Rapids yes
terday the relay passed out of the hands
of W. Lyle Dickey of Omaha into the
management of C. L. Hibbard.
TLe couriers arrived at Sterling, 111., at
6:22 last.vening. De Kalb, 111., 61 miles
west oi Chicago, was passed at 10:30 p. m.
The packet reached Elburn, forty-seven
miles from Chicago, at twelve minutes
past midnight last night.
According to the schedule the couriers
were due at De Kalb at 9:51 a. m. yester
day, but did not get there until 10:30 p. hl
and were therefore twelve and a half hours
behind time.
Special dispatches from Morrison, 111.,
giving a review of obstacles encountered
since the start mention the cloudbursts
in the Rocky Mountains, the going astray
of the packet in Nebraska and the rains
in lowa as the chief causes of delay.
The packet should be in Chicago early
this morning. Vast preparations have
been made by wheeimen of that city to re
ceive it and speed it on to New York,
through Cleveland, Rochester, Syracuse
and Albany.
Van Sicklen and Sinsabaugh, editors of
Bearings, and C. P. Root, editor of Ref
eree, are to receive the packet at the
suburbs of Chicago. Van Sicklen will
bear it to the postmaster for his signature.
It is expected that Major McKinley will
sign the packet at Cleveland. According
to the schedule Cleveland should be
reached at 4:34 p. M. Saturday, but unless
much lost time is made up it will not ar
rive there until early Sunday morning.
The special dispatches to the Examiner
bestow high praise on the wheelmen of
the relays between Cedar Rapids and Chi
cago. To the eye of one gazing from the
window ot a Pullman car the undulations
ot the country seem gentle, but the bicy
cle-riders find a deal of up and down hill
riding, over roads that are not the best for
s^eed.
The packet is due in New York at 2 p. m.
next bunday, according to the original
schedule. The indications are that it will
be from six to ten hours late.
FOR THE HEW CHARTER
A Big Mass-Meeting to Be Held
To-Night in Metropolitan
Temple.
Addresses by Prominent Citizens.
Everybody Especially Requested
to Attend.
A rousing mass-meeting in the interest
of the new charter will be held at Metro
politan Temple to-night, and will be pre
sided over by Horace Davis. The call to
order and introductory remarks will be
made by James D. Phelau, and the chair
man of the evening will speak upon the
charter in general. Irving M. Scott will
make an address upon the public works of
the charter and Thomas F. Barry upon its
educational advantages. There will be an
address by M. H. Hecht upon the Fire
Department, and Postmaster Frank Mc-
Coppin will speak from the view of an ex-
W ayor.
James 8. Conwell of the Cycle Board
of Trade will speak in behalf ot the wheel
men, and Edward R. Taylor will aldress
the mass-meeting upon the rfcarter from
a legal standpoint, while H. H. Clement
will speak upon the consolidation act.
Ail persons interested in the charter,
and the public in general, are invited to
attend the meeting. School teachers,
policemen, firemen and public officials in
every department of the City government
are specially requested to be present.
Strong arguments wil be made, showing
advantages of the charter to the working
people of the City, and a most cordial in
vitation is extended to ail workingmen to
be there in force.
•iicKinloy and Bryan.
While the two great parties are waging
war, the election of Groom & Hagan, the
up-to-date hatters, as sole agents of the
celebrated Youmans hats is significant.
Ihe fall hats are now on sale at 942 Market
street, under Baldwin Hotel.
Tennis Games Postponed.
The invitation tennis tournament between
the three crack Eastern players, Wrenn,
Lamed and Neel, and the local players, Drls
coll, Hardy and the Whitney brothers, which
wbk to come off on ihe 12th insr., has been in
deniiitely postponed, the cause Deing that the
California players could not get into trim for
such hard matches so soon after the Del Monte
championship doubles, which take place Sep
tember 8.
Belle.->t»ven»on Dead.
Belle Stevenson, the woman who made such
careful preparations for death in her room in
the Hotel Florence, Powell and Ellis streets,
died at the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon, and her body was taken to the Morgue.
cue uever recovered consciousness.
Responsibility in < mcc.
At present there is no responsibility or ac
countability in various departments of the
City government. The new charter makes the
Head oi each of the departments responsible
and accountable to the people. Come and
hear the subject discussed at the mass-meet
ing to-night at Metropolitan Temple. •
IT IS A MENACE
TO NAVIGATION,
The Railroad's Raft of
Logs in Oakland
Creek.
TO BE REMOVED AT ONCE
Colonel Sutter Takes No Notice
of Complaints Made by
Ship-Owners.
HE IGNORES COMMUNICATIONS.
When the Last Raft Was Broken Up
the Binding Chains Did Great
Damage.
The Southern Pacific's big raft, now at
anchor in Oakland Creek, is causing noth
ing but trouble to navigation. It is right
in the fairway, and tugs, scows and sailing
vessels have to hug the breakwater in or
der to get into the regular channel. The
freight steamers that come and go several
times a day have trouble in passing the
obstruction, but as nearly all of them are
owned by the corporation the captains
have to make the best of the situation and
get past the obstruction as best they can.
In the case of the freight steamer Emma
and numberless coasters, including the
steamers Arago and Arcata, the captains
all complain bitterly and wonder why
something has not been done by the State
authorities. The raft is directly in the
way of navigation, but as the railroad con
siders that it owns Oakland's water front of
course its management will not pay any
attention to State officials.
This is the second successful experiment
in the matter of towing rafts of piles to
San Francisco made by the railroad com
pany. As Huntington lays claim to the
entire water front of Oakland he is Dro
ceeding to make his claim good by fencing
in the foreshore.
The cheapest way to get piles for the
work was by towing them down in rafts
and thus reducing the freight to a mini
mum. Out of half a dozen ventures only
one was successful, but the profits on it
were so great that Collis P. determined to
try it again.
The 'ast venture was from the Columbia
River and it also was a success, and the
proof of the matter can now be seen in
Oakland Creek.
It is this second successful attempt of
the railroad company that is raising the
iie of steamboat men, tugboat captains
and the masters of scow schooners and
small sailing vessels.
About twelve months ago the Southern
Pacific succeeded in landing its first raft
in San Francisco. It was towed to Oak
land Creek and anchored in almost the
same position as the present one. When
it came to breaking up the raft the steel
hawter that bound it had to be cut, and
when this sank it was allowed to lie where
it fell. The railroad officials were busy
figuring out the profits to the company on
the successful landing of the raft, so the
lo<=s of a few feet of steel hawser never en
tered into their calculations.
The owners of the steamer Arago have
a different opinion about the Southern
Pacific than that held by Mr. Hunting
ton, however. (Incidentally Edwin Good-
Jacob Sny6cr f the Pioneer Steamboat Engineer, Who Is Preparing
for a Visit Home*
all of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany would like to know why Colonel
Sutter of the United States Engineer
Corps has not had the courtesy to answer
a communication addressed to him sev
eral days ago in regard to the obstruction
of the navigation of Oakland Creek.) Sev
eral months ago while the Arago was pro
ceeding up the creek with a load of Coos
Bay coal her propeller caught in the
Southern Pacific s discarded steel hawser.
Over 300 feet of it was wound around the
shaft and it was a couple of days before
the steamer could be repaired and got
ready for sea again. An appeal to the rail
road for compensation brought forth no re
sponse, and now an appeal to Colonel Sut
ter to clear a highway for navigation is
treated in a similar manner.
"The raft is a menace to navigation,"
said Captain C. Miner Goodall yesterday.
"All captains that have to use that high
way join in saying that some one in au
thority should have it moved. It is moored
in mid channel, and the railroad com
pany has placed stakes all around it in
order to prevent the piles escaping when
the raft is broken up. On the last occa
sion they let a lot of steel rope drop into
the mud and tne Arago picked up sixty
fathoms of it in her propeller. It cost us
$300 to repair damages and the steamer
was delayed two days."
There are a dozen of places around the
bay where the raft could be broken up
without danger, but as Oakland Creek is
the most convenient spot for the railroad
tne work will probably be done there.
THE REVOLUTION'S SONS
They Will Give a Grand Banquet on tne
Anniversary of Washington's
Farewell Address.
There was an unusually iarge attend
ance at last night's meeting of the Sons of
the Revolution held in Ihe library of the
Pioneers' building. The day was the one
hundred and thirteenth anniversary of
the signing of the treaty of Paris whereby
the united colonies were acknowledged by
the powers of Europe to be free, sovereign
and independent States.
The following named gentlemen were
admitted to membership in the associa
tion, each of whom can trace his ancestry
to some warrior in the battle for Amori
can independence: George Whitney Reed,
William H. Finch, George R. Presson,
Eugene D. Townsend, Charles A. Suraner,
EJward Olney, Leonard S. Clark, B. M.
Newconib, Hart H. North, Captain Frank
Williams and Thomas A. Perkins.
An amendment to the by-laws was
adopted, in virtue of which the initiation
fee was raised to $10, the yearly dues re
maining as before, $3.
At the next meeting, to be held on Oc
tober 19, action will be taken on a pro
posed amendment to the by-laws whereby
the annual meet in: will take place on
January B— the anniversary of the battle
of New Orleans — instead of on February 22,
as at present provided, leaving that day,
the anniversary of Washington's birth,
free for banquets and other festivities.
The other stated meeting days are to be:
April 19, anniversary of the battle of Lex
incton; June 17, Bunker Hill day; Sep
tember 3. signing of the treaty of Paris,
and October 19, anniversary of the sur
render of Lord Cornwallis.
The association is making arrangements
for a banquet to be given at the California
Hotel on the evening of the 19th inst., an
niversary of Washington's farewell ad
dress.
GOING HOME ONCE MORE
Jacob Snyder, the Pioneer, Pre
paring for a Trip
East
The O'dest of the Old S-cramento
River Steamboat Engi
neers.
The pioneer Jacob Snyder will soon
start back to Pennsylvania to visit the
scenes of his childhood and to see once
more the few surviving relatives
friends who, unlike him, remained near
the place of their birth.
Snyder is the oldest of the surviving
engineers of the steamboats plying on the
inland waters of California prior to the
admission of the State into the Union.
He is almost an octogenarian. Hale and
vigorous, with mental and physical facul
ties unimpaired, he is to-day a fine repre
sentative of the pioneer Dutch families of
the old Keystone State.
Born June 1, 1819, he at a very early age
learned the trade of steamboat engineer
ing, and his early experiences were gained
on the Mississippi River, between New
Orleans and Cairo, and subsequently in
the Gulf of Mexico. When the war be
tween the United States and Mexico broke
out Mr. Snyder obtained a transport and
prosecuted a thriving business between
New Orleans and Bayou Sara. Afterward
he met in those waters California's noted
citizen, Edward F. Beale, then an accred
ited agent from the United States forces sta
tioned on this coast. From him the young
engineer learned of the gold discoveries on
the Pacific Slope, and as speedily as possi
ble Snyder hastened to the Occidental El
Dorado. He had, however, to remain six
weeks in Panama. He came up on th.c
Oregon, arriving here Septemb«r 18, 1849.
It was not long before he found employ
ment as engineer on the pioneer steamer
McKim, and then on the Hartford, J. L.
Bragcion and Kate Hayes.
After a seven months' visit in the At
lantic States he returnsd to San Francisco
and secured a situation in the engineer's
department of the United States Mint
In 1859 he obtained the position of chief
engineer of the Spring Valley Water
\Vorks at Black Point in this City, and in
this capacity he did efficient service for
over twenty-nine years.
While in the Mint his mechanical inge
nuity was displayed in the manufacture
of an iron journal box for a propeller
shaft the work being done at the Pioneer
foundry of the late Peter Donahue. He
also made, at Hinckley's foundry, the first
castiron grate bars evar turned out in
California.
Seventeen per cent of Great Britain's
doctors live in London.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
CROCKER WILL
BE SUMMONED
The President of the San
Francisco Riding Club
in Demand.
AN EMPLOYE'S FINANCES
Captain Dilhan, the Riding
Instructor, in Legal
Difficulties.
AN OLD WEBFOOT JUDGMENT.
The Man of Military Title Up on
Order of Examination
Yesterday.
Captain Dilhan, instructor of the swell
San Francisco Riding Club, with quarters
at 1615 Pacific street, went through an
ordeal yesterday before Justice of the
Peace Carroll when he was called, up on
order of examination, to tell of his per
sonal belongings and why he does not pay
a judgment of $228 which has been hang
ing over his head for many moons — in
fact, since he arrived in this City from
Portland, Or., where he pursued the same
vocation that earns him a living here.
The gallant captain, whose accent pro
claims him to be a native of sunny
France, was so unfortunate as to get into
legal difficulties while in the webfoot
country. He was called upon by trades
men whose claims were unsatisfactory to
pay up the amount mentioned. The
tradesmen got a judgment, but no money,
and Captain Dilhan came to San Fran
cisco.
Hearing that he was in prosperous cir
cumstances here, the disappointed cred
itors sent the necessary documents to a
collection agency and ordered that the
I captain be followed until he liquidated
| tha claims. So it was that Dilhan was
hauled before the Justice and asked many
searching questions as to his financial
standing.
As is customary with those who ara
served with orders of examination, the
man of military title denied tbat he had
anything with which to pay the bill.
Salary? Yes, the captain had a salary,
but it was only $100 a month, and bow
could a man pay such an enormous sum
as $228 out of that insignificant stipend.
Property? No, he had no property or
jewelry either, nor were the pupils of the
club indebted to him for his services as an
instructor.
"Broke" was the inevitable conclusion
from the captain's answers, and still
George Perry, the attorney who repre
sented the plaintiffs, was not satisfied.
He becan to ply the riding instructor
with questions regarding his employers
and who paid the bills of the club.
Dilhan admitted that Henry Crocker
was the president of the club and Georee
j Quarre the secretary, but declared he
: knew nothing of its financial standing
| beyond the fact that he held his monthly
I stipend out of the moneys he collected
j from pupils. He said that the clnb did
I not owe him a cent and that as far as his
present condition was concerned the
judgment must go unsatisfied. But the
attorney, too, was unsatisfied, and he
asked and obtained an order from the
Justice commanding Henry J. Crocker to
appear on Monday next at 2 o'clock to re
late the condition of Captain Dilhan's
financial standing with the club.
The Elevator Fell.
An old elevator in Davis' horse-collar man
ufaciory, 134, Main street, fell yesterday after
noon about eight feet. William St. Amant, a
workman, was struck over the right eye by the
edge or the cage, and John Ward, another
workman, had his kneecap slightly injured.
Both were taken to the Receiving Hospital
where their injuries were attended to.
NEW TO-DAT.
.£R S F *l.
yl}C !^W.'^~' ' '•* '"?, - ' '^ v *
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of aH Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
Disease* of young;, middle.
aged and old men which weaKen
tie body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
gl&nds, varicocele. hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is. the result of years of study,
practice and experience.
—Heart, Brain, Nerves and
Blood. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable," discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
of Women scientifically treated and
invariabiv cured. • .
TUB-: POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
You can l>e cured, at home.
Write your troubles if livine away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French.
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish'
CorresponJence strictly confidential
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on a»
plication. Address
DR F L SWEANY 7 37 Market St.
Uil. T. L. OllLttm, San Francisco. CM.
_. TOON BET>S."
■^U-LLJ 1 brass beds;
- * FOLDING BED*'
, Wire and Hair Mas.
tresses, Reel nl a-
flit ii. . . Chairs, Wheel Chairi
I I , m ' Commodes, Back Hem
- 1 AJl j . New Montgomery
" : **• X^ St. , under tlraai
Hotel, si. h\TROUBLES OF A
COD FISHERMAN
Captain Dolland Had to
Disrate Both His
Mates.
THE LA NINFA IN PORT
Made a Good Catch, but There
Was No Peace During
the Trip.
SUICIDE ON THE SHIP BOHEMIA
Lighthouse-Keeper Linne Thinks Hi
Is on the Track of the Peri
winkle.
There was considerable trouble on the
codfishing scHooner La Ninfa during the
recent voyage. Captain Dolland and his
officers could not agree, and in conse
quence the first and second officers were
disrated and sent into the forecastle,
while the boatswain was promoted and
helped the master to navigate the vessel
to San Francisco.
Of course there are two sides to the
story. Captain Dolland asserts that his
officers were thoroughly incompetent,
and the men fay the skipper was over
bearing and tyrannical. The men de
clare that on one occasion the second
mate gave an order that threw the La
Ninfa up into the wind, and that he did not
know what command to issue in order to
get her away on her coursa again. The
schooner is going to Hunters Point to
dry out her codfish, and after that the
troubles of the "crew will probably bs aired
in court.
The American ship Bohemia, which ar
rived from Sydney, N. S. W., last Wednes
day evening, had a rather eventful trip.
The Japanese steward grew despondent
and on several occasions threatened sui
cide. One morning when Captain Hogan
called him he was not to be found and a
careful search of the ship did not show a
trace of him. The master was finally
forced to the conclusion that the Jap had
jumped overboard during the night.
Captain Olsen of the schooner John D.
Taltant has purchased an interest in tne
bark Undaunted and will go out in com
mand of her. Captain Lewis, who was
masterjof the Undaunted, will assume com
mand of the ship Kennebeck.
The wreck of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's St. Paul will be sold next
Tuesday at 1:30 p. m. at the Merchants' E
xchange. Purchasers will buy the hull as
it now lies at Point Pinos.
The barkentine C. D. Bryant made the
run from San Francisco to Sydney, N. S.
W., in the very smart time "of fifty-five
days.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday. The California Wire
Works pointed out through its manager
that through its existence it had expended
$60,000 in draya^-e, and asked that as an
assistance to the industry the belt-railroad
be extended to the foot of Bay and Powell
streets. The matter was taken under con
sideration. '
Attorney Tirey L. Ford reported that the
bondsmen of the late A. Page Brown were
liable for the mistake in the-specifications
lor the new ferry-depot. The matter of
making good the mistake was left to the
bondsmen.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda will be a full ship a wee* before her
John E. Kennedy, tie Wealthy Rancher, of Powder Kiver, Who Is on a
Visit Here.
[Zkctclied from life by a "Call" artist.]
sailing data. Flour, canned goods, lum
ber, general merchandise, salmon and
beans will form the bulk of her cargo,
and her passenger list is already a heavy
one.
The steam schooner Navarro has been
chartered to carry, supplies to CliDperton
Island. Her place oh the Crescent City
run will be taken by the Rival. The men
le;t on Clipperton must be running short
of provisions, and the owners of the guano
aeposit are afraid to let them await the
arrival of a tailing vessel, so the Navarro
was chartered.
Latest advices from the steamer Gaelic
are to the effect that she has got off the
drydock ai Yokohama and is now on her
way to Hongkong to go on the marine
ways for repairs. The damage is not as
serious as was at first reported.
Lighthouse-keeper Linne of Goat, Island
thinks he came across the track of the lost
Government launch Periwinkle. His son
was up at Vallejo a few days ago and there
he saw a boat minus the machinery and
smokestack that exactly corresponded
with the missing craft. He attempted to
board her, but two men barred the way.
On bis return he told nis father of ihe dis
covery, and Linne started for Vallejo last
i night to investigate the matter. The liftht
. house-keeper made several improvements
i in the hull of the Periwinkle, and is con
; fident that he can tell the little launch
i among a thousand. The steamer disap
! peared mysteriously about three yeirs ago,
; and Linne has always maintained that she
was stolen.
PLANNING A REGATTA.
The Pacific Inter - Club Yacht As
sociation's Celebra
tion.
The Pacific Inter-Club Yacht Associa
tion, of which all the recognized yacht
clubs on the bay of San Francisco are
members, bas called for an annual re
gatta. The date of the race has been set
for September 9 (Admission day), the
start to be made at 11:30 a. m. Entries
will close September 5, at noon. The
course will be the usual one sailed in the
association regattas.
The rules of the association will govern
in every particular, if enough entries are
received from the owners of yawl-rigced
yachts they will be placed in separate
classes. Yachts must be sailed by a mem
ber of the club in which they are enrolled,
and no professionals will be allowed
aboard during the race, except in classes
i above that of the 44-foot racing length,
I where professional crews may be carried.
' The prizes given by the association will
i be a flag for first and second in each class,
! accompanied by a certificate of merit.
At this race the first of tne five cups,
| valued at $L'sO, offered by Joseph M. Mac
j donough, will be sailed for. It is open for
i competition by all yachts of thirty feet
I racing length and under, and will become
j the absolute property of the owner of the
j craft making the fastest corrected time.
Racing numbers, which will be fur
{ nisbed to the yachts at their respective
; clubhouses, must be displayed during the
\ race on both sides of the mainsail, about
I four feet above the upper reef points and
I four feet from the luff.
Protests must be made in writing and
must be filed with the committee at its
headquarters, Merchants' Exchange, be
fore 6 p. m. on Thursday, September 10,
1896, in order to receive attention.
Colors — Captains are requested to dis
play at the main truck the colors of the
cluo to which they -belong and at the
main peak their private signal.
ALL ENORMOUSLY RICH
Every Little Child in Custer
County Has Over ioo Head
of Livestock.
Big Grass and Fat Cattle to Bi Seen
Everywhere— John £. Kennedy's
Irrigation Enterprises.
John E. Kennedy, who owns an exten
sive ranch on the Powder and Yellowstone
river 3, in Cusrer County, Montana, the
scene of many of the notable wars with
the Sionx Indians, is at the Palace.
Mr. Kennedy lives most of the time in
New York, but usually passes his
summers on the great Custer County ranch.
He has lately been examining into the
methods of irrigating large land areas in
California, with a view of applying the
same methods on his ranch. His purpose
is to take water from the Yellowstone
River.
"It can be done at one-tenth the cost of
such irrigation work in California," he
said. ''I have land on several benches. The
first lot consists of about 12.000 acres, and
it is this that I will first irrigate. It can
all be done easily. There is far more
water in the Yellowstone, too, than in
many of the streams in Southern Califor
nia that are u*ed for irrigating purposes.
"Custer County is one of the greatest in
its stocK-growing interests in all Mon
tana. It has 39 cattle, 27 horses and 50
sheep for every man, woman or child in
it. This shows enormous wealth. It is
the southeastern county in Montana, and
is about two-thirds the size of Ohio, which
is an average-sized State. The figures I
have given about its livestock are given
by the Assessor.
"I may add that it is for gold, just as
pverv agricultural county in the State is.
My Montana home is at'Blatchford, a sta
tion on the Northern Pacific Railroad but
Miles City is the county seat. It has but
1500 people, but that is not a fair way to
judge it. Ii has two National banks and
is the center of business for 150 miles
around.
"Grass has been good for some time in
Montana, and cattle and other livestock
have done well. Prices are also
pretty good. The grass on the Powder,
Tongue, Yellowstone and Rosebud rivers
is all cood, as it is generally throughout
Montana."
Mr. Kennedy will probably remain here
several days. He is said to be very
wealthy.
Kew Corporations.
The Carnival Company and the MacDjrmott
Estate Company were yesterday incorporated.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
HIGHBINDERS USE
PISTOL AND DIRK
An Attempt to Shoot a
Merchant and Alleged
Hatchetman.
FOUR ASSASSINS FOILED.
Lee Fook Ning, a Detective,
Marked as a Sheath for
a Knife.
WAS SAVED BY A MONGREL CUR
Bo Ong and Bo Leong Tongs Now at
War— More Trouble Exp:cted
at Any Time.
The Chinese highbinder is at bis mur
derous work again. Sunday night an at
tack was made on a wealthy merchant,
and early yesterday morning both the Bo
Lee Fook Ningf, the Chinese Detective, Who Is Marked for a High
binder's Bullet, and the Dog That Saved His Life.
Ong Tong and the Bo Leong Tong co
operated in an attempt to assassinate a
Chinese detective who had been endeavor
ing to discover the identity and where- !
abouts of tbe malefactors.
Saturday night's episode occurred in i
this wise: Lately there has been a rupture
between the Bo Ong and the Bo Leong
tongs, presumably over the levying of
tribute.
Dong Q,uong, a merchant in business at
the intersection of Jackson street and Sul
livan alley, is an alleged member of the !
former organization. For some reason he j
has incurred the special hatred of the Bo '
Leong hatchet-wielders, and the culmina- i
tion of this ill-will was an attack on him I
in Sullivan alley by four members of that
organization last Sunday evening.
Only one shot was fired, as Patrolman
Owens was drawn to the scene Dy the
report and the highbinders fled. Dong
Quong was not harmed by the shot, but
since then he stays at home.
The affair was careiully investigated by
Lee Fook Nmg. who was appointed July
26 by the Chinese merchants' law anil
order committee "for the purpose of aid
ing and assisting in the* discovery and
suppression of highbinders."
Ning followed close at the heels of the
would-be assassins and was in a fair way
to bring them to justice. Then the nigh
binders grew uneasy and a dark-cellar
powwow was held, with the result that at
a quarter of 6 o'clock yesterday morning
an attempt was made to use Ning's
anatomy as a sheath for a dirk.
Ning lives at 731 Sacramento street. The
attempt on his Jife is best expressed in
his own words:
"A friend came to me yesterday." he
said, "and tola me to be careful as the
highbinders intended to kill me. I was
very watchful when on the street, but'
never had the least idea they were so bold
as to come into my house.
"About half past 5 this morning I
arose from bed ana tame into the front
room. I sat with my back to the door
smoking as I watched my brother work.
Suddenly that little dog you see there "
pointing with his finger to a yellow cur
curled up under a chair, "ran from his
position near tbe door and began to bark.
"I instinctively turned round. A high
binder whom I recognized as Cheong Ah
Fook had just stepped inside the door.
In his right band he held a large dirs.
When he perceived that I saw him he
quietly stepped out and started down the !
street.
"I rushed to the door, when the sight of
several highbinders stopped me. Three
were directly across the street in the door
way of the Yeong Wo Association and
four more stood on the corner of Dupont
and Sacramento streets.
"At this juncture my consin, Lee Sing,
who lives upstairs at 726}£ Bacramento,'
rushed across to me. He said afterward
that he had seen Cheong An Fook enter
tbe doorway and was coming to my as
sistance. On his arrival the fellows that
intended to kill me ran np Sacramento
street and turned into Wave.-ly place.
",jhe fellow that had been in my door
way was all this time walking leisurely
down the street. I took after him and
grabbed him as he rounded the corner
into Kearny. As we struggled I managed
to pull oat and blow my police whistle.
"At this Fook quit fighting and reached
for his knife.
''No policeman was in sight, and being
unarmed, I let him go. He ran across the
park to Washington street. I bave seen
none of them since, but they will doubt
less try to Kill me again."
Ning say a both Bo Ong and Leong Tong
| hatchetrnen were across the street watch
[ ing the would-be assassin enter his shop.
I He says they must have laid their fac
i tionul fight aside temporarily in order to
! make war on the common euemy.
When the Chinese return in force from
j the fish canneries more trouble is ex
; pected, as these men are the most vicious
! and unruly in Chinatown.
WORK OF ENDEAVORERS
They Are Already Preparing; for the
Convention to Be Held Here in
July, 1897.
There is no lack of enthusiasm among
the Christian Endeavorers on the ques
tion of the coming international Christian
Endeavor convention, which wiil be held
here next July, and each week shows some
evidence of new arrangements having been
made.
A communication has been sent to the
trustees of the Mechanics' Institute, ask
ing for the use of the Mechanics' Pavilion
as one of the great meeting places for the
convention. The Endeavorers do not ex
pect that the Pavilion will be able to hold
more than one-third of the delegates and
their friends who will be in attendance,
and so arrangements will be made to bring
from the East the two largo tents which
were used at the international convention
held at Washington. D. C, last July.
The tents will each accommodate 10,000,
and it has not yet been determined just
where to locate them.
The trustees of Plymouth Congrega
tional Church have sent a communication
to the ' 97 convention committee offering
them the use of the large lot west of
Plymouth Congregational Church. On
account of the location of the church it is
not thought probable that the offer will
be accepted. Union Square has been sug
gested provided permission can be ob
tained from the Supervisors.
Next Sunday evening the Endeavorers
have planned to hold a grand rally at j
Westminster Presbyterian Church. The
meeting will be largely for the purpose of '
booming the coming convention. The !
rally will open with a praise service at j
7:30. Brief addresses will be made by A.
S. Johnson, Donald Mackenzie, J. S. Web- \
ster and other prominent Christian En- |
deayoreri". Mr. Webster will speak es- !
pecially on the benefits to be derived from
an international Christian Endeavor con
vention. Rev. H. C. Minton, D.D., will |
lend the consecration service and the rally
will close with a hymn and the Mizpan
benediction.
BISHOP FOSS IN TOWN,
The Eminent Divine of the Metho
dist Church to Hold Con
ferences.
His Account of the Work AmoDg A!l
Classes, Including Chinese and
Japanese.
Bishop C. D. Foss of Philadelphia, the
eminent divine of the Methodist Episcopal
church, is at the Occidental. He has
come to preside over the conferences of
the ministers of the church and make ap
pointments for the ensuing year, as is the
custom with the church.
The Bishop was last on the Pacific Coast
twelve years ago, when he came to remain
but a short time. He was never a resident
here. He was for some time Bishop of
Minnesota and for eight years past has
been stationed at Philadelphia.
He is a large, distinguished-looking gen
tleman, with a high, full forehead, and a
beard which is getting quite white.
The Bishop toid the object of bis com
ing and that he would be in California for
two or three weeks or more and would
then go to Arizona.
"We begin the regular conference at Pa
cific Grove on Wednesday, tbe 9th," he
said. "This will probably last six days.
Then at Los Angeles, beginning on Sep
tember IK and listing three days, there
will be a oonfcret.ee of the Germau minis
ter?. After this, beginning on September
23 and lasting about six days, the regular
Southern California conference of the
English-speaking ministers will be beld.
"When this is over I will go to Phcanix,
Arizona, and hold the regular conference
there. :>
In regard to mission work on the Pacific
Coast and in the Pacific islands and coun
tries of the Orient the Bishop said :
"Having been located in another part of
the country I cannot recount the extent
of the mission work, especially in a local
way, but I am told that the mission work
among the Japanese and Chinese nere has
been very successful during the past year.
"The conference at Pacific Grove has the
oversight of the Japanese and Chinese
work. Th«»re is a conference here in refer
ence to the Japanese work to-night."
Tbe Bishop is looking in excellent
health. He has a great many friends in
California and throughout the country
generally. He is regarded as one of the
ablest men in the Methodist church.
The largest standing army belongs to
Russia and the strongest navy to Great
Britain.
THE AROMA OF THE
CIRCUS SAWDUST
It Will Pervade the At
mosphere for Several
Days.
NOVELTIES OF THE RING
Old Reliable Features Not to
Be Crowded Out,
However.
PUZZLING STREET PAGEANT.
Children Happy, Almost As Happy
in the Prospect as Older
People.
The circus — its splendor and glitter, its
merry clowns, its tights and tight-ropes,
its aerial flights, its wonderful horseman
ship, its trained animals, the familiar
cries of peanut-venders and sideahow
men, the roar of its menagerie, the fascina
tion of its gilded and pictured wagons and
the smell of its sawdust— the circus is in
full bloom in Central Park.
The great oval surrounding the three
rings »vas filled with an eager multitude
last evening, the great space lighted by
unnumbered gasjets and the band setting
expectation on tiptoe before the "trium
phant entree" of the animals and actors
of the great combined shows.
From the moment of the entry of the
great pageant to that of the chariot races,
which have formed the finale of circuses
from the beginning of time, one dazzling
spectacle followed another in such rapid
succession and in such variety of form and
multiplicity of actors, that it kept the big
audience on the alert not to miss any part
of it. The numbers on the programme
were very p;operiy labeled "displays."
The second display was a series of illus
trations of history and art, executed by
eight young women, chosen for their
"mold of form," on a huge revolving ped
estal. This was in its way a novelty." In
fact there has been some genius at work in
the circus realm evolving novelties this
year, for the programme presented a num
ber. But the lover of tlie good old one
ring circus, or the good old three-ring cir
cus for that matter, nned not be alarmed —
there are plenty of the same time-honored
features that he yearns for and goes es
pecially to see still on the bills.
The third display was a real novelty. It
was heralded as an "Introduction of am
phibian wonders, the only pair of monster
hippopotami, male and female, in cap
tivity driven loose around the hippodrome
track." This of course called out the
plaudits of the wondering multitude, as
did afterward the strange exhibition of
the trained seals. Five seals placed upon
their pedestals did a number of remark
abie things, such as beating drums, blow
ing horns, singing (?) songs and twirling
a baton in the mouth after the manner of
a drum major.
Messrs. Garnall, Lozell and Ryan did
some sensational aerial performances on
the swinginp-bars, the trained ponies of
Frank Melviile and then a bewildering
display, No. 7, of posturing in the air,
performance on a balancine-ladder, dos
turing on stilt-skates and a dozen "aerial
queens" all going at once.
The trained elephants, the riding men,
women and monkeys, tumbling in air,
; leaping hurdles and plunging through
■ hoops — all were there, together with the
clowns in old and new styles, including a
couple of shrill-voiced women.
The bicycle riding and posturing of the
famous Stirk family, the long flights in
; air of the Arrigossi sisters and then the
': hippodrome events— a long and exciting
j series of them, including broadsword
i combat and the remarkable riding of
; Mustang Wattes. And then the never
forgotten "concert" afterward.
In a word the Forepaugh and Sells
I Brothers' Circus is the best that ever came
to this City and will attract throngs, no
doubt, to every performance.
Ihe street parade is a notably excellent
j one and very well indicates what is seen
under the tent.
SOCIALISTS ARE ANGRY.
Determined to Test the Right of
Free Speech In a Higher Court.
At a meeting of the campaign commit
tee of the Socialist Labor party held
"Wednesday night the following resolu
tion was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, There exists a serious difference
of opinion between the San Francisco section
of the Socialist Labor party and the police de
partment of San Francisco as to the right of
free American citizens to peacefully assemble
in public meetings on the City streets for the
purpose of quietly discusslDg the political and
economic questions of the day, in order to ar
rive at a just, intelligent and equitable solu
tion of the social problems that now confront
the civilization of the nineteenth century,
whicti questions now vex and disturb the
peace and prosperity of the land and threaten to
seriously retard the future progress and devel
opment of the State ana Nation ; and whereas,
on the 15th ult. eight members of the
Socialist LaDor party were arrested on
Seventh and Market streets oa com
plaint of a secret society on charges of ob
structing the street and disturbing the peace,
and on the trial of one oi them on the latter
charge only the result was a police conviction ;
and whereas, the Socialist .Labor party (wish
ing to test the sincerity of the claim of the
said secret society that they nad no objection
to the principles advocated by the speakers of
the Socialist Labor party, but merely objected
to the loud tone of voice which a street
speaker is necessarily forced to use in address
ing an outdoor gathering) advertised aud at
tempted to hold a "silent meeting" on the
same corner two weeks later, at which no
word should be spoken, and which meeting
was nevertheless also broken up by the police,
aud four of the participants arrested and
booked at the police station for dis
turbing the peace, although no noise whatso
ever had been made; and whereas, the inter
pretation of the law and of the constitution
of the State of California, as sought to be en
forced by the police and the Police Court in
which the case was tried, is in the opinion of
the Socialist Labor party nothing more nor
less than a barefaced and cowardly attempt ou
the part of the said authorities to override the
plain provisions of the statutes, and substi
tute an unjust »nd autocratic authority in
place of t tnj wise and beuelicent provisions
made for the maintenance of that absolute
freedom of thought, speech and action which
it has been the boast of all American citizens
to maintain in its pristine purity; now, there
fore, be it
Krtolved, By the campaign committee of the
Socialist Lab.<r party that, pending a decision
by the Supreme Court ok the legality of the
conviction obtained in the trial court, and to
prove to the public of San Francisco that we
'iave nothing in common with the absurd and
visionary schemes of the anarchists (whose
impracticable ideas are nothing more than
the dreams of idle visionaries and only worthy
the contempt of thinking persons), the weekly
public meetings on the corner of Market and
seventh streets b» suspended and another
meeting place selected, of which due notice
will be given through the daily press.
Campaign Committee Socialist Labor party,
by Oliver Everett.
• — ■* — «
To-Night at MetroDolitan Temple.
To-night at Metropolitan Temple James D.
Phelan will open the great mass-meet inc.
Prominent citizens will discuss all the impor
tant provisions of the new charter. Every
citizen and taxpayer interested in the 'welfare
of the City should be sure to attend. *
Frixze'a Denial.
John Frizze, whose name was mentioned as
one of the men implicated in some trouble at
Larkspur, in which the Rev. J. A. Gardiner
had sworn out warrants for the arrest of some
men on the charge of malicious mischief, de
nies that he was in any manner connected
with the affair. Ho says he resides in this
< lty, aud had not been at Larkspur for some
time.
OPPOSITION TO MAGUIRE.
An < 'Jiiien Club Organized in the
I'ourth Congressional District.
At a meeting in Judge Campbell's court
room last night the O'Brien Fourth Con
gressional District Club 1 was organized,
with a membership of between fifty and
sixty, composed of both Democrats and
Republicans.
Captain J. Sheehv was elected presi
dent; Lieutenant M. Mannix, first vice
president; Dr. P. J. Conran, second vice
president; W. B. Shorten, secretary.
The club wiil meet every Thursday
night, and at next week's meeting the
president will appoint an executive com
mittee.
The object of the club, according to a
resolution adopted, is to use every effort
to secure the election of T. B. O'Brien as
Congressman.
Kdvfard Baker's Will.
The will of Edward P. Baker wrr yesterday
tiled for probate. He left property valued at
$11,045, all of which is bequeathed to his
widow, L. Maria Baker, who is named as ad
ministratrix.
A Silver Meeting.
The Western Addition Democratic Silver
Club will meet this evening at Coakley's
Hall on Geary street, near Central avenue.
THREE WANT THE MONEY
Mrs. Josephine English and Her
Alleged Substitute
Will.
When One of the Three Claimants Is
Vanquished the Other Two
May Fight.
There is a prospect of a lively three
cornered legal fight over the estate of Mrs.
Josephine English, which consists of real
estate in this City. She was formerly a
Miss Hawkins, who married a man by the
name of Gavin. He died years ago, leav
ing his widow considerable money which
he had made in the mines. Mrs. Gavin
afterward married Joseph English, an
other well-to-do miner.
The Englishes continued to prosper, and
for a while lived at the Palace in elegant
style and also made a number of trips
abroad. Like all speculators on raining
margins Joseph English made and lost
several fortunes in his deals.
It appears that the husband and wife,
having no children, made their wills in
favor of each other, consigning the two
papers in safe places againsc the time
when a death would occur in the family.
Afterward they separated by mutual con
sent, and Mrs. English toot up her resi
dence with a sister, Miss Lizzie Hawtins.
The Hawkjnses were related «o Mrs. Peter
Donahue, and a brother now living in this
City attempted to shoot that lady a few
years ago. He was arrested, but for fam
ily reasons the case was not prosecuted
against him, and the affair was soon for
gotten.
After Mrs. English's death her husband
was surprised to learn that she had re
moved her former will and substituted a
later document in which all her property
had been left to her sister Lizzie. Eng
lish returned from abroad, where he was
engaged iv mining projects, and began a
contest in the courts. The case was
dropped, some satisfactory arrangement
having been made, and English went to
England, where he was engaged in sales
of mining property, which are said to have
netted him about $25,000 or $30,000 in com.
missions. It is not known whether h e
was in possession of the mines or not
when he died later on at Murray Hili
Hotel, New York City.
Soon after )i is decease three cousins by
the name of Beeson, claiming to be next
of kin, proceeded in the local courts to
administer on the estate on the ground
that he had died intestate. It is not
known that there was any property be
longing to the estate, but apparently the
Beesons were getting themselves "in a
legal position to begin proceeding against
the estate of the late Mrs. Josephine
English, which they could do after estab
lishing their right as the heirs of Joseph
English. They would take up the case
formerly begun and dropped by English
and attempt to prove, as he intended to
do, that tbe woman had been unduly in
fluenced into making her second will."
The estate of Mrs. English was origi-"
nally valued at between 560,000 and $70,000,
but is said to be incumbtred to the extent
of about $30,000.
While the Beesons were preparing to
proceed against the estate they were
startled by the appearance of another
claimant. A man named Parrish, in New
York, came forward with a will which bad
been made by English shortly before his
deatn. Parrish had been connected with
English in some oi their mining business,
and the document in his possession made
him the sole legatee of the dead man's
estate.
Attorney J. J. Dwyer of this City, who
has charge of the "Beeson interests here,
wrote to the solicitor of tne late Joseph
English and he was informed that the
story was true, and that the new claimant
was preparing to carry his case into the
courts.
This is a triangular complication in
deed, and between the Hawkins, the Bee
son and the Parrish claims that estate
will be sorely tried. Parrish will stand by
his alleged will and the Beesons will
tight both his and that of Miss Hawkins.
She will contest the Parrisa document
and the Beeson claims. The latter fuliy
recognize the fact that the Parrish will, if
sound, deprives them of securing a hold
on the estate, so they will oppose that
paper on the same gr -unds that they base
their action against Lizzie Hawkins,
namely, that English being sick and of
unsound mind was unduly influenced.
It is stated that even if 'Parrish's will is
decided to be valid and he fails to make
any headway in a fight with the Hawkins
will he is in a position to know more about
the value of the estate of Joseph English
than the world at present knows, and that
the $25,000 in commissions is lying around
somewhere in his sight. One of ihe Eng
lish deals was the Tybo silver mine in
Eastern Nevada, which is claimed to be a
valuable property.
"I am unabis to give any more informa
tion regarding the Parrish claim," said
Mr. Dwyer last evening; "out 1 am of
course picking up all the new? I can re
garding it. fl that Eastern will is held to
be valid the case will be — well, a very in
teresting affair. But if the Beesons or
Miss Hawkins can knock out Parrish then
the Beesons and Miss Hawkius can turn
their attention to each other. If Parrish's
will is all right he gains a victory over ths
Beesons, and can transfer his fight to the
Hawkins corner of the case."
So the estate of Mrs. Josephine English
will probably be in the courts well into the
next century. The time for contesting
her wiil expires about the end of thia year.
LESS MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
Jmmenae Jtterenme am Compared With
August of Last Year.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 3—The
treasury circulation statement shows that
on September 1 all kinds of money in the
United States, outside of what is held in
the treasury, aggregated $1,539,169,634, or
$2 48 per capita on an estimated popula
tion of 71,649,000. As compared with Sep
tember 1, 1895, the circulation shows a
decrease of $64,413,394. During the month
of August, however, the circulation shows
an increase of $24,286,492, made up largely
from the treasury loss of gold.
CHINAMEN WHO
VOTE THIS YEAR
Their Number Is Seven
teen, With a Solitary
Japanese.
NEARLY ALL FOR BRYAN
China Wiggles Along on Free
Silver, so They Think This
Country Should.
ALL SAVE ONE NATIVE SONS.
The Japanese Is 31 Years of Age and
Cares Not to Leavs the
United States.
A Chinese voter! That doubtless sounds
funny, but nevertheless the number of
Celestials who cast the ballot in this City
form an appreciable quantity.
Of course, they are native born, and,
with a single exception, are Native Sons
of the Golden West Two years ago the
number of descendants of Japhet that
exercised their prerogative of walking to
the booths and depositing their ballots in
company with their brethren who look
upon Shem as an ancestor aggregated
forty. This year the vote will be lighter.
Exactly seventeen Chinese and one Jap
anese exercised the necessary agility to
reach the Registration Office in time to be
registered. Every man of them lives in
the For:y-third Assembly District, and,
with two exceptions, in the Sixteentd Pre
cinct. Those two are in -the Twelfth Pre
cinct.
The names of the Chinese who will vote
this year are, in connection with their pre
cincts and homes, as follows:
Twelfth Precinct— "Wor.g Ding Yu, mer
chant, 1005 Stockton s;reet; Lan Yuen
Yu, cigar agent, 18 Prospect place. Six
teenth Precinct— Kong Yu, laborer, 807
Dupont street; Won? Wing, dressmaker,
10 Sullivan alley: Ching Tuck Toy,
laborer, 805 Washington street; Sue Lock,
insurance agent, 820 Dupont sfeet; Lee
Kin, merchant, 939 Duront street; See
Too Joo, apprentice, 1016 Stockton street;
Lee Hoy, cigar-manufacturer, 1114 Stock
ton street; Wah Ting Ho, artist, 1116
Stockton street; Leong Geet, laborer, 10
Brennan place; Ng Gun, capitalist, 8%
Stouts alley; Poon Gay, undertaker, 74: i
Pacific street; Wine Fook, merchant, 70t>
Sacramento street; Wing Fook, interpre
ter, 12 Bartlett alley; Chun Dick, commer
cial agent, 743 Pacific street; Chun Lung,
merchant, 59 Spofford alley; Chee Lee,
cigar-manufacturer, 1114 Stockton street.
Every one of these Chinamen can speak
English. The majority of them are uoing
to vote for Bryan. Their reason is, that
China is a free silver country, and they
can't understand why the United States
cannot manage to wiggle along on 53-cent
dollars if the Flowery Kingdom can.
This was said with an "air which would
imply Chinese financial methods to have
attained perfection. Tim Cox, the only
Japanese in San Francisco who will vote
at the coming election, and perhaps tha
only one in California^ is a cook employed
at 1103 Powell street. He is 31 yeary old,
has lived here all his life, and told the
registration clerks that he never had any
inclination to leave this country.
There are fewer suicides in Ireland than
in any other country.
NEW TO-DAT.
THE PICTURE
OF HEALTH!
Many people have spent half their lives
in seeking the recovery of wasted health
and strength, and then, in the majority of
cases, been compelled to give up the
search — no health for them. And yet
where have they searched? Not among
tbe new fields? No. Medicines, drugs,
allopathy, homeopathy, everything old,
tried and proven failures.
Take a look into the present, the modern
method ot restoring health— electricity !
It is universally a success. It is worth a
trial. You who have failed in other
directions give it a chance. It is life.
A Grateful Lady.
PORTLAND, Or., July 18, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: It gives me
great pleasure to be able to state to you, for
the benefit of other sufferers, what your Klec-
tric Belt has done for me. When I pot your
Belt a year ago I was suffering greatly from
stomach tioub I es, rheumatism, weakness and
cold leet and in fact mv pystem was completely
ran down. My nead ached so bad that I got
dizzy and could hardly stand and I was so
very nervous and irritable that it nearly drove
me crazy. I had been petting gradually worse
for two or three years and had given up all
hopes of a cure through medicines. I called at
your office to get a pair of electric insoles In
the hopes of getting my feet warm and after
stating my case to you you advised me to get
one of your Belts. 1 concluded to try one and
now I am happy to state that I am greatly im-
proved in many ways. In fact, 1 feel like n
diilerent woman. Sly storuacii is strong and
my appetite good. My rheumatism, which wu
very bad, is entirely gone. My blood circulates
better and I am stronger in every way and am
gradually gaining in weight. My nerves are
steady and my friends *ay that I am the per-
fect picture of health. I certainly think ihat
your Belt is a crand invention, and shall
always feel grateful to you lor tlie good it has
done me. Your grateful patient,
LOUISE PKTEKBON,
472 Salmon St., Portland, Or.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is responsible tor the happiness of many
thousands of lives. It has restored health
to the father, the mother, to every mem-
ber of the family. It is wort i a trial if
you wish to regain your health. Get the
book about it, tree. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street. San Francisco,' -
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office boon; a a. it t>a
8:30 r. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
i OFFICES AT:
JjOS ANGELES, CAI*, I PORTLAND, OR* '
•Mi boom Broadway. (253 Waanlnxtou ureat
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OK THIS JMLAJiISJS'rS.
Mexican Dollars cheap.
Sliver a fraction lower.
Shipment of '0.903 to China.
Wheat tirnir again.
O her Cereals unchanged.
nay and Beans as before.
Potatoes and Onions still cheap. V. '
New Hods In from Sonoma County.
Provisions steady.
Peaches weaker. Pears firmer.
Grapes unchanged.
Watermelons lower, cantaloupes higher. ,
Butter iind Cheese steady.
Kr<s unchanged.
Tomatoes plentiful again.
Poultry rather weaker.
Dried Fruits continue dull.
TKKASUKJS SHIPMENT.
1)> City of KlO de Janeiro took out a treasure
list of 596.P03, consisting of $13,438 In Mexican
Dollars. $2066 In Gold Coin. *400 in Gold Dust
and $75,000 in Silver Bullion.
1 Ati .111. num. :
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
%i station Indicate maximum temperature for the |
days; tIMKe underneath it. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths. j
d urine the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid ;
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted linen, equal temperature. The |
word "hiiih" means high barometric pressure and j
Is usually accomoanied by fair weather: "low" j
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded 1
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rams. I
"Lows" us ally first appeal on the Washington |
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior j
and low along the const, and the isobars extend j
north and south along the coast, rain is probable: ;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of j
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb- I
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warrnei
weather may be expected in summer and coider
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
•111 produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Departkkn't of Aokict/I/
tube WKATHKB Bureau, sas FBASCISCO, Sept.
3, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general ;
forecast. :
Tie following maximum temperatures are re- 1
portei from stations in California to-day:
Eureka — Fresno 98, San Dieeo 72, Red Bluff
96, San Luis I'bispo 78, Yuma 104, San Francisco |
(55. Los Angeles 78.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 54, mean I 0.
The pressure nas fallen generally during the
past twenty-four hours over the northwestern :
quarter of the country. There bas been ■ slight
ris" over Southern California, Southern Nevada,
Arizona and Texa-. There are no well marked
high or low areas west of the Hocky Mountains, I
altiiou?h the pressure is relatively high over j
Washington.
The temp-mure his remained stationary over '
the entire country west of the Rocky Mountains. . ■
No rain has fallen at any sta ion west of the j
100 th meridian, .-moke Is reported at nearly all i
of [he northern stations. Fog prevails along the !
central coast of California.
• Forecast made nt San Francisco for thirty hours |
ending midnight. September 4. 1896: \
Northern California— Fair Friday: southeasterly ,
winds on the coast: fog in the morning.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light south- ;
erly and southwesterly winds.
Nevada— fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday; continued high tempera- 1
lure.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, with !
foe in tne morning: light southerly changing to ,
fresh westerly winds.
A. U. Mcadie, Local Forecast Official.
KEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NF.W YORK, N. V., Sept Selling for the
London account and the unfavorable statement of
the St. Paul road for the fourth week and month
of August rather dampened the bullish ardor at
the Stock Exchange to-day and speculation was
irregular throughout. Trading, however, was on '
a slier scale, the dealing in stocks amounting to
'•.13,048 shares and in railroad and miscellaneous
10 is $1. 148.000. Yesterday the sa cs of socks
were 277,000 shares and of bond* $1,353,001). j
1 ower cablet from London wer*» mainly responsi
ble for t!i?er.r.v decline 01 i/i@% per cent, but be
fore the expiration of the first hour of business the
entire list was on he up-trade once more.
Iv the advance which followed the lead
ing issues sold above the highest figures
recorded yesterday. This was especially true
111 the case of I ackawanna, Lake Shore '
Sugar, Manhattan. Tobacco, Northwest, Delaware, '
A Hudson. Reading, General Electric, Missouri '
Pacific. Jersey Central, Pacific Mail and Tennes- i
nee Coal. Lac!»awanna ros'.- 4to 157; Lake Shore
%i 0145: Manhattan 2% to 3/*:3 /*: Tobacco 1 14
to 63; Delaware A Hudson 1% to 121%; General
Electric iy 8 to 26Vs- aud Tennessee Coal 1^ 8 to
V!O%- Theannouucement of the engagement of
over $3,500,000 additional god for shipment to
New York, and the (comparative ease of call
money stimulated the upward movement.
This brings the total engaged and received up to
$21,0-0.000. In the af:ernoon sales to realize I
piofits haa a weakeniiiE effect ana prices receded '■
l i'eA^4 perc nt right through the Us .
Bond were strons; sales 148.000. Burllncton !
«V Quincy flvtsrose 4% to 94%: Illinois Central I
Western Una fours, V* to;io2V4: Kansas Pacific
consolidated un ceruHcat. s, 2 to 62; Laclcde
Gas fives, 2% to 87%; Kansas «nd r astern. 4 to
Hi; Northern Pacific thirds, 3y 9 to 66; Rock
Island collateral trust fives, 1% to 100: do deben
ture fives 1% to 89; Third-avenue Railroad fives.
B*4 to 1 1 7" + .
in Govtrnnient bonds $4000 coup on fourof
1925 sold at 116%. H °
' r«in.
FLOUR— Firm; winter wheat, low grades.
$1 70@$2 50: 00 fair 10 fancy, $2 40@3 40- do
patents, S3 45M.3 85; Minnesota clear. 92 30<a '
2 70: do straits, $JBs@3 30: do patents, $3 15(i
$4 05: low extras, ¥1 70@2 50: city mills, $3 90 ,
do patents, $4@4 25; mixtures, $2 40&2 90- an
perflne, 91 bb(g,. 10; fine, 91 40@l 85. ' I
• BAKLEY— feeding new, 31% c; do old,
BARLEY MALT— Quiet. Western, 48®53c
WHEAT— Spot market dull, firmer; f an.
66»/,c; ungraded red. 56@67c; No. 1 Northern'
65^'gc . '
options were moderately active and firm at lc
advance on firmer cable*, foreign buying, reported
damage to Russian crop, better West and free
covering; December most active. No. 2 red hi ay
695/gr: .September, 653/« c; October, 64c; Decem
ber, 66c.
CORN— Spot, dull, firm; No. 2, 26c: elevator
27 c '
Options were lens active and steady, at %@s/ a c
: dvance, follow the West and other grain.
December most active. September. 2t>c: October
Ht%c: November, 27c; December, 27% c. '
'ATS— Spot dull. Irregular, closing steady.
: Options dull, firmer. September, 19% c; De
cember, 21c
: pot prices: No. 2. 19% c; No. 2 white, 23%c #
No. 2 Chicago, 20% c: No 3, 18c; No. 3 white.
LO%c; mixed Western. 19%@21c; white do. 20®
2J*c; white State, 20@29c.
. : ■■ \ i«iim;
iai:P— Quiet, lower: Western steam, $3 7064
372%: city, $3 40@3 50: September. 93 62 nom
inal; refined, slow: continent. *4 lft; south Amer
ican. *4 65: torn pound, :yg@4VBC
PORK-Steady, fair demand, n-'w mesa, 97 50
@8 25.
BUTTER— Fair demand, fancy steady: State
dairy, 10® 1 5c; do creamery. 11 16 Vi 0 : West
ern dnirv, 8%@12c: do creamery, 11%@16%c:
J'.lKins, 16%e.
FINANCIAL..
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AKD NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhhtLUCK & CO.,
, <& LeldesdorfT St, Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE ■ .
133 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6838
J. S. rUiiJJV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
. utlons. Reference l»t National Bank, is. F. -
CHIOAOO, rAIVATS VISA *«W YOK&,
CHEESE— Fancy firm, light offerings: State,
large. s%®Bc: Western part skims. 2@sc
1 ., ,(,> rrn. «OOd demand; Slate and Pennsyl
vania, 14<gl6c: Western, fresh, 14&16 c; do V
case, $1 51;@3 30.
1 ALLOW— Barely steady, moderate demand;
hogsheads, 3i4@33/
COTTONSEED oily— Quiet, steady; crude, 19©
20c: yellow, prime. 23c.
POTATOES— Fair demand, steady.
RlCE— Fairly active, firm; domestic, 3%@s»ic:
Japan, 464-1 1.4 c
MOLASSES— fair demand; New Orleans,
27@:-:7c.
COFFEE— Barely steady. 15 to 25 points down:
September. $9 50; October, $9 10©9 15: Decem
ber, $-^ 85@9; January. $9; February. $9; March,
$8 85(g(9; April, $s 90®9; May, $•> 85@9; spot
•UlO, easier, quiet; No. 7. IOV4C
Mi. \ .— iiaw quiet nd uncharged; fair refin
ing. 2%-; centntnpals, 96 test, 3Vic: refined,
steady, unchanged : off A, 3 7-16@4^c; moid A,
:>c; a andurd A. 43/ 4 c; confectioners' ,\. 4^c: cut
loaf, 53/gc crushed. J)S, c: powdered, sc; granu
lated, 4%0; cubes, sc.
1 iiiit jukl Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B@9c, 'V
PEACHES— OId, peeled, l'J@l4c: onpeeled, 6
©Be.
PRTJNES— Four sizes, nominal. 4S/g'i£6c.
P.AISINs— i wo-emwr,' loose Muscatels. $ ,4@
4c: do three-crown. 6@si4 n : do lour- crown. 6V»c:
do London layers, $l@l€0; do clusters, $1 2s@
1 40.
HOPS— DuII. Pacific coast, 3(^6^c.
WOOL— Moderate demand. Domestic fleece, 16
@23c; pulled, 18(o.o1l, lexua, 10i»12c.
Merchanti i«».
Tin ivov— Quiet: American. 910 25@10 60.
COPPEP-Easy; lake. FlO 80®10 85.
i EAD— Steady; domestic. Bi2 70(53 75.
UN— Steady; straits. $13 28©13 30: plates
quiet.
ti-ELTEK-Dull; «!cme«tlc. *3 65@3 76.
lIIHAC.II JIAKKEK.
CHICAGO, lix., Sept. 3.— A boom in cotton
came to the relief of wneat soon after the opening
of the latter market to-day, the firmness which de
veloped receiving emphasis from expected frosts
in the Northwest and moderate Northwestern re
ceipts The shutting down of a large steel concern
In Pennsylvania temporarily checked the ten
dency to improve, but subsequent large clear
ances at New Y or-:, 518K620 bushels, revived the
I drooping 1 ouraice of buyer- and a fair recovery fol-
I lowed. The Cincinnati Price Current was non
. committal on the matter of the wheat crop. The
I tram* continued rather humdrum. in character,
local scalpers and operators being alone the pat
rons of the market. Opening Liverpool cables
quoted a declin- nf V^d. Receipts at Chlcaso were
•-'l4 cars and 14.000 bushels were withdrawn from
I store. Northwestern arrivals were 557 cars,
I against 4b6 last '1 hursday and 971 a year ago. A
bullish sentiment continued to rule throughout the
session, a stronger stock market acting as a stimu
lant. Total export clearances amounted to 6bt>.
-742 bushels. Closing Paris cables were unchanged
to 'JO centimes higher for flour and unchanged to
10 centimes lower lor wheat. Antwerp was 12%
j centimes lower and Berlin i,i(OU mar* lower.
> Inter advices from Liverpool quoted %@'»4d ad
vance. December wheat opened from s»i/4c to
58% c, sold between 68yg@5bVic anJ 69y 6 <£ba*/4,c,
closing at 59@59%c. lc higher than yesterday,
Estimated receipts lor to-morrow 235 cars.
CORN— The Cincinnati Price Current in its sum
ma: repeated the fact that the corn crop was a
. bis one, estimating the yield at 2,275,000.000
bushels. The announcement had the usual effect
I of causing some selling, but tne hnuness Of wheat
more than offset the weakening force. No mi-
I provemem In the speculative business was notice
, able, and none was thought probable under tne
I present unsettled financial conditions- Receipts
I were 558 cars, and 79;. 6 i- bushels were with
| drawn from store. Liverpool cables were y^-^d
; higher. Export clearances ag^re^ated 259.4^5
i bushel n. May corn opened at •/ i %c. advanced to
I 2»-' @-'sc closing at 243 / 4®24% . B @i4c higher
! than vest em ay. Estimated receipts, for to-mor-
I row 660 cars.
I OATS— Were in a slate of somnolency, but
I were beneti:ted in tone by the improvement which
I look place in wheat. Receipts were 319 cars.
{ There were no withdrawals from store. Export
j clearances amounted to 21.065 bushels. May
: oats closed yy B@%c8 @%c higher. Estimated receipts
! :or tomorrow 400 cars. -
FLAX— Was firm. Cash. 64%@85c: Septem
ber. 64 -Wtc; December, 67V4C. Receipts were 126
cars.
PROVISIONS— Offerings of products caused
prices in the market to recede, although the open
ing tone and inclination were better, and prices
; tor a time tended upward. Later in the session
I assistance to prices were obtained from grain, but
1 finally selling achieved the mastery and prices
declined. January pork closed 7%c to,loc lower,
January lard 5c lower, and January ribs 6c to
j 7%c lower.
BUTT — Easy and fairly active to-day.
Creameries— Extras, 16c: firsts, 14%@15%c;
: seconds, ll@13c; imitations, tancy, 12®i.>c.
, .Dairies— Extras, 14c: lira's, ll@12c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras. 9%(510c; firsts, B@B%c; packing
stock, 7i£7 %c : grease. 4@,5c
1 EGGS— Receipts fair anil demand good. Market
steady and prices unchanged. Fresh stock, 1 Kg,
11 %c * dozen.
iiONL*— Was firm at 6@7X on call and 1% on
1 time luniia. .\e» York exchange sold ay ii 30
discount.
Closing; Prices.
Tvr»K »T— Keotemno- 56% c; December. 69@
I 59y 8 c: May, 63%@63%c.
« okn — i-epterijiier. -OS/sc; December, "\*l(gi
I 21 %c : May, 24%@2* %c
OAls— Beptemurr. Io5 /B e: May. 18%@19c
PORK— September. *6 62%: January, <f6 76.
LA KU— September. *3 27i«j; January, *3 7a
i.Jiib— beptemoer, 53 15; January, *3 37%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Im., Sept. 3.-The
I offerings of cattle to-day were fair, but a brisk de-
I maud developed, and prices ruled firm to 5c
: higher. Receipts of hogs were large. The market
j wassomewnai irre?u*ar ciosln* at 5c lower, ex-
I cept for light and medium grades.' Th- sheep
1 market was weak notwithstanding a moleraie
run. The deniaud has fallen off materially.
CATTLK— Receipts. 15.000. Fancy beeves. 95 10
@5 20: choice 10 prime. 1300 to 1700 Ib steers.
94 7.Vuis 00: good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600 Ib
, »4 4f.®4 70; medium steers, 1000 to 1300 tb. $4 10
: (a,4 40: fair beef steers. £50 to i:->OO lbs,
Is 376 & 4 00: butcher steers. S3 26 fq> 3 70;
feeders, 900 to 1250 ft». $3 50(53b5; siockers
500 to 875 lb. $2 504,3 40; bulls, choice to ex
tra. $2 80@3 25; bulls, poor to cnolce. $1 75
(a.- 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra. 93 UOici
3 85; cows, lair to choice, 9V! 25@3 40; <ows.
common to fair canners. 91 25@2 10; calves, good
to choice. $5 76(3i6 10: calves, common to good,
$3 6(J@S7S: Texas grass steers. VI 45@3 in.
Texas cows and bulls, 91 75@2 50; > stern can
ning steers, $2 6.\a4; Western range cows ana lit
) ers. $2 25(a.3 50 . milkers an 1 springers, ft head,
fM(g,\o; Western range steers, $2 85@4 10.
' BUGS— Receipts. 31,000. Heavy packlns ana
shipping lots. 92 70$£3 20: common to choice
mixed, $2 85@3 30: choice assorted. 93 25©
I 3 35: UEbt, $3 10&3 35: pigs. 92 40«» 2U
t>ii KtJ"- Receipts. 13.00 U. interior to choice
I tl 60(jx3 40. iambs, $2 50,^4 60.
CALIFOUMA FRVIT BAT.E9.
I CHICAGO, lit., Sept. a — The Earl Frnlt
, Company noid California fruit to-day as follows:
! Pears— Bartlett, 91 'Jo@l 40. Plums— Egg, $l@
i 1 15: Bradshaw, 75®SOc; Ickwith, 90.. Hrunes-
Hungarian, $1 30: (Jros, $1 30: Silver, 9 r<asi.
Grapes— Tokay, fl 20^1 85; Malaga, 40<-@9i 30.
Peaches— Picqnets, late, 91; Sal way, 85c; other
varieties, 45c@$l.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 3. — Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as fo::ows:
Nectarines— fl 10®H 00 per half crate. Grapea—
Tokay, 91 35@1 75 per halt crate; Robs de Pern,
75c. Pears— Harden. *1 30@l 75 per box and 60
@75c per half box. Prunea (iron, SI 20®l hO per
half crate: Hungarian, BOcrriisi ;->5; Krpnrh.f 1 25-
German. $1 20: Mlver, 91 10. Peaches— McDevitt
c.ings, 70cfn?l *20 per box; late CrawforUs. 90<(a
91 10: Oranse. Clings, 75c®$l 10; Chili, 91; other
varieties. 50c@|L
..a. a. *V. ... OiOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Sli »r»».
Money on call steady at &@B%; last loan at 6% and
closing offered at 5%. Prime , mercantile paper,
9%. Jar silver, 66Vic Mexican dOilars, 6114
53yaC: Sterling Exchange was steady, with
ac.ual business in bankers' bills at »4 H2y»@4 823^
1 for s xty days, and $4 84i/4@4 84% tor lemand.
, Posted rates, $4 fc;-:@-i 85. Commercial bills,
I $4 Biy±@4 82. Government bonds firm. State
I bonds dull. Railroad bonds strong. Silver at the
I board wan strong.
CXOBTNO KTCir-K*.
Am Tel A Cable-... 78 Norfolk A Westrn 8%
Atcblson» lU/4 Preferred... 1314
Preferred 17 Northern Pacific. 108,1
Adams Express. ...l 42 Preferred. \hs/L >
Alton. Terre Haute 6S Northwestern 9714
American ExpressllO 1 Preferred ....146
American I'ouacca 62*4 N. Y. Central i'Hi.
Preferred 98 N.Y.,ChicaßO4fca.L; I' 2
Bay State Ga5...... 16 Ist preferred..... 63
Baltimore A Ohio.. 13 I■ Id preferred.... 283/.
j Brunswick Lands.. %;S. V.AN.U. , ' 167
! buffalo, Koch AP. 23 N. V A New Ear 20
Canada Pact 69 S. YMY M Sum * W... 83/
Canada southern.. 45% Preferred. 2114
Canton Land....... i(iniarlo. ' 13
Central Pacific 14% Ontario A Western 13
Ches. A Ohio 136% Oregon Improvmnt 1/.
ChlcREO Alton. 165 ' Preferred. — .
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 20
Chicago. B. A Q.... 63% Orecon Short Lino. 12
Chlcaco AE. 111... 40 j Pacific il all. 19
Preferred........ 65 1 eorla. D. A Evan* 2
i ChlcasoGas 6 34 Pittsburs; «fc W. pfd 15
j CleveA I'lttsbnrg..l63 'Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142
Consolidation CoaL 38 ■ Quicksilver. lv,
i Consolloated Ga5..114i 4 Preferred. . " 16
C. C. C. &Su Louis 44% lßeadin«. ..*'".. 684
Preferred.... 76 hioiirand'eAWestn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. BK%I Pnferr-d 40
Preferred 90 Rock Island! 57
Cotton Oil Cert .... in ißomaWat<&Ogaan.lll
Commercial Cable. 120 H. L. 4S. W.. 4
Dei Hud50n........ 121 | Preferred.. ....:'.[ 9
Del.LackdcWestrn.l67 St. Paul 8734
Denver AB. G m%! Preferred. 125
Preferred. 41% st. Paul A Dnlnth. 18
DisUllers - • i- re ,erred 84
General Electric... 28>3/ 4 St. Paul & Omaha. 37
X™K ™ 13 Preferred. 121
Preferred 29% bl- P. M. A M I JO
on Wayne........ 150 Miver Certtflcate*. 67 1
| «>reat Northern pfdl2o Southern Paciuc 17
Green 8ay.......... % Southern K. X..... 7%
HKriem. 300 . Preferred. ...... 20 v!
llocklng Coal l^u^-ar Refinery .... 1 ) 2V*
llocktns Valley.... 15% ; Preferred. .100%
Homestake.. ....... 34 Ilenn. Coal A Iron. lft%
J). A Texas Cenu.. 'Preferred. ;.. 80
Illinois Can traL.... B»%|Texas Pacific t>Va
lowa Central 7 ■ Tol.A.A.&N.Mic*n'.—
Preferreo.... ..... 25 hoi. & Ohio Cent... "20
Kansas Texas... 1054, Preferred.-... 60
Preterred 22% Tol.St,Louis&K.cC 6
Kingston* Pern... 3 Preferred. „ ft"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
Lake Erie >fc Westn 16%, Onion l*aclne... .
Preferred. ....... 64»/*U. P. Den «fc Quit.- ; 3*4
Lake Shore 145% U. & Cora age 3%
National Lead 21 ' Preferred. 7%
Preferred 82%| Guaranteed ..M 14%
Long 151 and.;...... 70 lU. S. Express...... 40
Louisville & Nash. 69% L . »•" Leather 2V»
Lcniavllle NadtCa a Preferred......... 48IW
Preferred. ...... r.% U. S. Rubber....... 17
Manhattan Consol. 82% Preferred. 7S
Memphis ACharu. 36 Utica AB. River.. 186
Mexican Central... . 7% Wab. s. L. A Pac.. 6%
Micbiga- Central.. 91 i Preferred. 13%
MinndsaL. — . Wells-Fargo. 96
Preferred Western Union 78%
Minn <fc St. L com. 16% Wisconsin Central. 2 .
Ist preferred^ 75 Wheeling AL. &.. • 6
preferred 40 Preferred. 25
Missouri Pacific.. 18% Am Cotton Oil ptt. 44%
Mobile Ohio 20 W. U. Beef 8
Nashville & Chatt. t>7% Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed.. 17 Preferred. 22
N.J. central 99% Brooklyn Traction. 21
ikOixli American... 41/4 t-.rie '.M yia. 16
CJynmNG BOVTII.
Ala Class a4s 100 Northern Pac lsts. 112
Do Class 84, 55.. 100 Do2vls .....lOSVi
Alabama, ciaaa C. 105 Do ads. . 65
A unison 48 74 Do con sol 6s 44
Do'Jds A... ... . . 32V4 Olmprovement Ist
Canadasouih2ds.. 98 Do 5s JO
Cen Pac lsts of '9s. 98 OR & N lsts. 107
Cherokee 4s, 1898.100 Do :onsol Os 83
Jo 1897 100 Or*hort Line 6s. ..106
18J)8 10J r>oconsss 68
Do 1899... 100 pacific <Ss of >97.... 100
( .{":w 4 , uul(l ..10 %lh.la& eadliiK4s. 76%
UnvN P Rets 5s 3HS/»! Do Ist |fd lncam. 27
DC3-65s 109 »,ijR Grande West lsts «9
Den<tP.Glst 112 islL&lronMtGen ss 69
Do 45...; 85 bt LA 8F Gen 6s. 103
triers 69 St Paul C0n5015.. ..12*%
i t\\ JtDenCity lsts 60 St PC* Pa lsts... 110
c-H*BA6s 101 So Carolina 4%5... 95
D02d75... 95 southern RR 65... 8-1%
Gentle. Deb bs... 86 Do Pac Cal 15t5.. 107
11 4 Tex Cent 68-.102 Term new 3s 73
Doconßs. 102 Texas Pacific lsi*. 77%
lowa Central lsts.. 91 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16Vs
Kausas Pa Consols 62 Union Pac lsts 96. 99%
ii.B i-«. i. Den dlvlOS ti B4s reg of 1^25.115%
LaConsol 4s 90 to coupon. 115%
Missouri funding... V ««.r*>c of 1907.105Vs
MKT2ds... 60 Do *s. coupon.... 106%
Do 4s 11. 80 Do2s 92
Mobile «t Ohio 45.. 69 Do6s 110
Mutual Union 65. ..107 1 c0up0n. ...110
N J Cent Gen 65.. .113 Va funding debt... 6ti%
N V C«fc>t Louis 4sloo Do registered..... ——
Nor&West Gen 68.115 Do deferred 65... .ft
N Carolina con 45.. 9b Do trust rcpts st. 4
.Do6s 110 Waljash Ist 5s 103
Northwest Consols. 1 32 I West Shore 4a..... 102%
.Do deb 6s 104%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRFOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Ens., Sept. 3.— The spot market
is quiet at 5s 6@ss 7d. Cargoes dull at 27s l%d,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember, 6s l»id: October, 6s l /id: November, 6s
2d; December, 552% d; January, 5s 3d.
6KCUBITIBS.
LONDON, ENO.,Seoi. 3 —Consols, 112%; silver,
30^d: French Rentes, 103f 7%c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Kxchange, sitht — 4 88
Si.r, ing Cables — 4 H9»4
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Flue silver, t* ounce — 66'- 4
Mexican Dollars — 61%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT-The F. & Clamua takes for Cork 6»,
-369 ctls, valued at $5'J,977.
The market Is firmer again, in sympathy with
stronger Eastern and foreign markets. No. 1, 95
@»6V4C %} ctl; choice, 97'^c; lower (trades, B"i^®
9i'Vac; extra choice for milling, $I@l 07Va $ c.l.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
8000 ctls. 69% c.
second session— December— 6ooo ctls, 9{*34c.
I'.K.ri.Aß Morning skssion — December —
12,000 ctls, 99% c: 20,000. 9 sjc.
AFTERNOON SESSION— NO Baie».
BAhLKV — Previous price* rule. We quote
Feed. 6C@63%c-. choice bnrht, 65@66Vic; Brew
ing. 72Vs@80c f» ctl; Chevalier, 90c@$l for No. 1.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssion— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
BECOSD .session— No sales.
liK'iruß Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctls, 6* 1.4 c: 2000, 68a
AFTERNOON SKSSION— No Sales.
OaTs Firm and in fair demand. New Feed
are quotable at 75@S5c V- <~ll; old milling, 87^
(a.9'2yjc: fancy feed. 92Vi@95c: good to choice.
Kf><aS?:ii£c: common 10 fair, 75<$80c; Gray, 85
©S.i^c; Surprise, 95c@$l 02^.
CORN — Quo at lons are undisturbed. Large Yel
low, H7V,(a,9Uc. Small Round do, 90@92Vfec ft C U;
White, 7ji"..;A76V4C
KYE-70@72%c 9 cU for old and 62%@65c
for new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 80@95c » ctL
FLOUR AND 31ILLSTUFF8.
I LOUR— Net rash prices are as follows: Family
extras, *3 60@3 70* hbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
(a-3 60; superfine $ -' 75<53. . r
COHN MEAL. >.TC— Feed Corn, fl9 50@20;
Cracked corn. $20 50@21 V ton. •
MILLSTUFF —Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, S2 10;
Rye Flour, $2 50; Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal,
$2 10: extra cream do, $2 75: 1 anneal, $2 90; Oat
«-roats, $3 60: Hominy. ?3 10@3 30: Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10@3 30: Cracked Wheat, $<: 76; Fa
rina, S3 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, $3 50: Pearl Barley, «3 60; >plit Peas. 93 20;
Green do, $4 10 '$ 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— *IS@I3 50 for the best and $12©12 60
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGB-$15@16 » ton for lower grades,
and *17@18 V ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, 914 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, 921 ? ton: jobbing, 22; clipped
Oats. 'J7y 2 <(g,n 05 V ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $7@10; Wheat and Oat, $6@9;
Oat. ss(i7 60- Barley. *6@7; t.iver Barley, $4 50@
5: Alfalfa. $5 60(&t5 50 for second and 94 60@5 for
first cut tine: compressed $6©9: stock, 9405;
Cover, 6&7 60.
STRAW— 3O@4Oc "$ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at 91811 15 9
9 11; Small Whites, 95c@$l 10 '$ ctl: Pea, 95c
(a.9 16 %> ctl; Large Whites, BS@96c "$ ctl: Pink,
75© 5c 'r- ctl: Reds, $I@l 50 ctl; Biackeye,
$1 -..'5(0,1 50: Red Klaney, $lffll 10: Llmas, $1 80
132 05. Butters, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 91 50@l 76 V ctl-
Trieste, $2 28@2 75 f> ctl: Yellow Mustard, 91 50
©1 75: Flax. $1 60: Canary. 2V«a2%c ?» lb: Al
falfa, nominal; Rope, 2V<j«- 1A lb: Hemp, ;(>.»'■.
DRIKD PKAS— SI 10^1 40 %4 ell for Niles and
91 25@1 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— change to report .Sweet Potatoes
75c<a>91; Garnet Chiles, 60@65c * ctl: Early Rose,
25@35c; Bui bank Seedlings, 25@35c lor Rivera
and 6U@9Oc for Salinas
O.Mo.Sb-25@85c ctl; Pickles, 50c ft sack.
VEGETABLES — Tomatoes are stacking up
again. Marrowfat Sauash is quotable at $.*<§>
7 V ton: Green Corn, 35@>7Sc 9 sack: Alarm-da
Corn, $I@l 25 9 crate; Berkeley Corn, 2b(j£6bv
9 box; summer squash, 26c '-ft box for Bay; Egg
Plant, 25@40c: Tomatoes. 15©25 c for Rivers and
16(<ii0c tor Bay; Alameda encumbers, 20W25c;
Pick es, 60<§>65c V. box tor No 1 and 25@»0c $ ctl
fur No. 2; oreen Peppers, 25@40c %* large box for
Chile and 25@40c for Bell: (ireen Peas, 60@76c
f* sack for common and '2(a,"y 2 c "$ Ib for Garden;
string Beans, 80(q)75c j>. sack for common ana 2@
-'Vac t* lb for garden; Limas. 76c@$l 25 x* sack;
Green Okra, 25@40c fl box; Cabbage, 40c 9 ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c 1* sack; Garlic, l@l%c it Ib.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— quotations were shaded yes
terday. Live Turkeys quotable at 14@16c %Ib
for Gobbler 1. 18@14c for 11 ens: young Turkeys.
14@16c; Cieese.i? pair, @1 25: Goslings, $1 25<a
1 76; Ducks, ,*Kig,a 50 V dozen for Old and 93 50©
4MI {or young; Hens, $4(<*s; Roosters, young,
$4@s'3doz: do, old, $4@4 50: Fryers, $3@3 50;
Broilers, $2 7&@3 for large and $ 25(j52 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 60@l 75 %>. dozen for young and
$1 25(g)l 50 for old.
GAM j— Nominal.
BUTTEK, CHKK«K AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Is quiet and unchanged.
Cream Fancy, 23@23V2C. with sales at
24c: seconds, 'Jo@22c >« tb.
Dairy— Fancy, 20@21c * Ib; good to choice,
17^o@19c: lower (trades, 14@16c.
PICKLKIH- lf@l7C^ Ib.
Firkin — 14fq,lf)C Ib.
CHKKSK— mild new, 9c ifr ib: common to
good old, ei/fjiißSVic V tb: cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America. 9@loc; Western, 10@llc; East
ern. U@l3os ft.
EGGS— The market is stationary. Oreeon, 12%
@14c; Eastern. 13<ai5c; store Eggs. 12@14c for
1 nary and 15@17%c for good; ranch Eggs, 19
@23c, with some sales even higher: cold-storage
ranch, 17@18c; Duck r-Kgs, 10@17 $ do*.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Peaches In ' small boxes are lower and In good
supply. Bartlett Pears are doing better.
Quinces. 30@40c > box. '
Peaches, 25@50c ?. box, 2O@SOc « basket, 15
©20 "£ ton for freestones and 25©30 9 ton for
dings.'
Plums, 30^78c « box. '
PomeKrnnaies. $I®l 25 box.
■ Appes, 75c@$l fk box for choice and 40©00 c
for common.
Pears, 25@40r %* box; Bartletts, 4l'@6sc m box
and 1." ©^_ 50 * ton.
Fig?, ifl'<its(-'c V box for white and 25@75c for
blnfk. double layers. . .
BEKRIki — Wei and dirty Strawberries go low.
raw berries, $4@6 chest for Long worths and
$I@3 for lame berries.
Raspberries. t'Ma.l V chesu
- Blackbcr les, .*2 51)@4 "$ chest.
- .'•■■ liuckifborr.es i.i market
GRAPES— The ilenui.id and supply about bal
ance. .-Heedless, -.o^so ; f, box: Isabellas, : To
kay*. 4(>@7f> 1* box; Black Grapes, 'iO<g,GOc 9 bx:
Muscats, :o@Ko<: o@Ko<- ft box: et waters and Fon
talnebleaux, 2. @50c V* box; Grapes In crates bring
GlffilOc more than in boxes.
fclMfandel Wine Grapes, $18@20 ¥ toti.'
£1 LLuK a- Vi'atermeloos are plentiful and lower.
The other kinds are doing still better. Water
melons. $2@B %l 100: Cantaloupes, 60@76c «
crate: Xu.metjs, 15@50cfk box. -
CITRi s FRUITS — Oranges are nominal at $2
@3?i box for Va en las and $1 50@2 box for
Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, $1 50CcS2 9 box
for common and *2 60@3 for good to choice: Mex
ican Limes, $6 50 V box; Caliiornia Limes. 75c
@$1 60: Bananas. $I@2 "<$ bunch; Pineapples, %'2
'£.3 50 doz. -___
I>KIED FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUIT JJ-
No further change. The East Is still holding off.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
low
larload Lots— New Apricots. 6©7 c ? lb f. a b.
coas and B@9c for fancy Moorparks; new Prunes.
3c: n*w Peaches, 3y 2 c fli In the sweat-box and
4@sc f. o. b. coast.
Jobbing Pbicxs— New Peaches. 4i/i@sigc $
Ib: fanev, 7c Ib; new Apricots, 6@7c $ lb:
fancy, 8c; Moorpttrks, 10@llc: new evaporated
Apples, be: sun-dried. 3c; .Prunes, 3c for the Jour
sizes: new Figs, black. 2y%c for eased ond
3@3V«B for pressed: white 1 Us, 4c; Plums, Be for
pitied and iy c for unpitted; new Nectarines, 4
@5c Ib for prime to fancy: Pears. 3%@4%cfor
whole, 5c for quarters and 6c for halves.
Rv Sins— ■
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown, loose, 4iAc: 3
crown, 334 c Ib; 2-crown, 8c %* tt>; seedless Sul
tanas, sc'%j lb; seedless Muscatels, 3^c; 3-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, $1 60: Dehesa clus
ters, *2 60: Imperial clusters, 2 50.
NUTS— Quo at ions are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c %» Ib for Lancuedoc,
■ "$■ Tb lor hardshell and 9@loc !b for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts 4@t>c f Ib lor Kastern and
for California; Hickory Nuts, 6@6c 9 Th;
Pecans, 7V,@bn; Filberts, 7Va(&Bc; Brazil Nms,
7%@Bc ¥ ib; Cocoanuts, S-4@5 $ 100.
WONKY— comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
tor lower grades: water-white extracted, s@s^c;
light amber extracted, 4%<§>4%c; darK amber, 4@
4Vic; aark, 2@3c %» Ib. ~ .-.:'■'
BEESWAX— 26@27c * Ib.
PIiOVISXONB.
CURED HEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6Vfee.
for heavy, 7v 2 c ft Jb for light medium. 9(a9VjjC
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12*12 Vic:
California Hams, 10<fl»lli; * Ib; Mess Beef, 97#
8: extra mess do, *8: family do, 910: extra
prime Pork, 98@8 60; extra Clear, 913 %> bbl:
mess, 911 50@12 V bDI: -moked Beef, 10c * tb.
i>ARD- Eastern tierces is quoted at 4V*c V Ib
for com pou no and s^ic for pure; palls, 6c ft Ib;
California tierces, 4Vai< ft"" compound and 6-Va 1-'1 -' >°r
pure; ha f-bbls, 68Ac; 10-lb tins, bV^c: do &-tt>,
6V2C t* Ib.
COTI OLENE— 6Vs@6Vac In half-bbls and ea^®
7Vs • tt> in 10-tt) Una
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKIN* — Heavy salted steers
are quoted at 6c ? ft; culls and brands,
6@5%c it lb: medium, 5c 9 It; culls and
brands, 4<g;4HP ¥ &>; light, 4c; culls and
brands. B©3%c; Cowhides, 4@4%c: culls and
brands, 3@4c; salted Kip, 4c: salted Calf, tic %« Ib:
salted Veal, sc; dry Hides. 9(&9%c; culls and
branas, 7c; dry Kip and Veal.7s.Bc; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, 12@14c; calls, &@9<-; Uuatskins. 20®
85c each: Kids, 6c: Deerskins, good summer,
25«27%c: , medium, 15@-2%c; winter, 7@loc;
Sheepskins, shearings. 10315 c each: short wool,
20@^5ceach; medium, 40io.ft0c each: long wools,
£>O(s.tiO each. Culls 01 all kinds about %c less.
lAIILIIW-NO. 1. rendered, 2%rd»c; No. 2,
•JI/4C; refined. 43.ifa.5c: Grease, Me %* Tb.
WOOL— and Mendoclno, 10@llc: Val
ley Oregon, 10@llc ? Ib; do lower grades. 8@10c:
Nevada, 6@B - 2 c; San Joaqum and southern
Coast, six months, 4@6c: Han Joaquln. foothill,
good to choice, 6y>@7%c; San Jonquil, year's
fleece. 4§6U,c; norfheru free, 7®9c; do defective,
6@6%c y ibT
m -PS— Nominal at 2@3c f» Ib for 1895. The first
bale of new crop nas been received. It ca 1: from
Sonoma County and wag of very good quality. It
was sold to a local brewer, the price not being
given out.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 94 20@4 26:
San Quentlu, 94 20; Wool Bass. 24^@26i/2C.
COAL- Wellington, 98 t* ton; New Wellington,
98 > ton: Southfleld Wellington, 97 50 9 ton;
Seattle, 96@5 50: Bryan, 85; coos Bay, 94 50;
Wallsend, 97: scotch, $7 50; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, 913 50 ? ton in hulk und $1 :, In »ks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 911 V ton; Welsh
.".nthraclte, 99; Cannei, 97 50: i.oik Springs.
Castle "Jute and Pieasa'it Valley, 97 60; Coke,
91 l(g. 12 in bulk und 913 9 ton in ska.
si ( ;.\R— The Western Sucar Helinlng Company
qimti-s, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 57'gc;
Powdered, ss/sc: Fine Crushed, 57<fec; Dry Granu
lated. 43ic: confectioners' A, 4*4 c: Magnolia A,
4S/ g c: Kx;raC, 414 c: Golden C, 4 y B'-:8 '-: half barrels,
i 4C more than barrels, and boxes ifac more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do. 4®
4V 3 c: third do, 3%c ¥ lb.
VEAL— Large, 4® sc; small, s@6c ~$ Ib
MUTTON— Wethers, 4y s @sc; Ewes, 4@4%c
LAMB— 6@6cf» Ib.
PORK— Live Logs. 28^0 ft Ib f or large and 3c
for small and medium ; dressed do, 4%@5c «i tt>.
WOOD, I.IMBKR, KTC.
Posts. 9@loc each; Redwood, 95 cord; Oak,
rough, 96 50: peeled. $9: Pine, 96 75.
TANBAKK— 9I4 f) cord.
LUMBER- Retail prl es for Pine are: No. 1
rough. 813@17 60 for the ifferent lengths: No. 2,
911; No. 1 Flooring. 9'Jl(Si26: Lath. 92: Redwood,
Sl6 for No. 1 and 913 for No. 2: Rustic, ?18@^a;
Shingles, common, 91 50; shakes, $9 «* M.
RECEIPTS Or PRODCCK.
rnjt 24 hours.
Flour, qr sks 20.694: Cheese, ctls 200
\\ heat, ctls 9«,7J2Kpgs doz 3,090
Barley, ctls 14,980! Hides, no 204
Oats, ctls 730|Pelt«, bdls 2,700
Beans *ks 1.000 1 Wine, gals 69,880
Corn, ctls 4601 Leather, rolls 36
Bye, ctls 420 Wool, bm 69
Potatoes. 5k».... 4,l2tiiSugar, bbls 1.688
Onions, sks 6r.sJTailow. ctls 2SI
Bran, sks 080 ] Lumber, M feet.. 80
Middlings, sks... 710 Mustard seed, sk .X 42
Hay, tons 615 Lime, bbls. .. . 81
Butter, ctls 366, Chicory, bbls.... 62
THE STOCK MARKET.
Ptocks were weaker yesterday, with few excep
tions, and trading was light. In the afternoon,
however, the; feeling improved, and the close was
higher all around.
The JEiusL Consolidated Quicksilver Mining
Company has declare t a dividend of 10 cents per
-hare, amounting to 910,000, payable September
10.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Hale*
Norcross will be held to-day.
The annual meeting of the Gray Eagle Mining
Company has been called for September 16.
A very large amount of the capital stock of the
Kentuck consolidated mine, forfeited for non-pay
ment of assessments, Is in the company's treasury,
and a special meeting of the stockholders has been
calh-d for September 18, to decide how It shall be
disposed of.
Tne London, Paris and American Bank has de
clared an interim dividend of 3 per cent for the
half year ending June 30, 1896, payable immedi
ately.
The yield of the Belcher mine for the past wepic
was sixty mining carloads of ore, tho average top
carsamplesoi which assayed * 559 per ton. Dur
ing the week 179 tons and 1720 pounds of accu
mulated ore were shipped to the Brunswick mill
full returns will be given as soon as the ore is
worked.
The rown Point mine shipped to the Mexican
mill during the past week 76 tons mid 70 pounds
01 gold ore, which completes the amount extracted
of the lest The average battery assay for the
week was 94 65 per 1,011. of whicn 94 17 was gold.
The mine will remain closed down until the water
In the (arson River rises.
The S»g. Belcber mine yielded twenty-one min
ing carloads of ore, averaging by assay 9'.'o 69 per
ton, during the past week.
BOAUI) SALKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock ISoard yesterday :
REGULAR MORNING SESSION, COM HRNCIN9 9:30.
4"n Alt Mi* 17 300 P. <t 8...1.10 10J Mxcn. ..55
100 Alta I* HIO Challge. . .69 20t> Poto»l 90
600 8e1cher... 29 50 Ch11r....2.15 500 Savae .. 56
10U Bodie 74 200 Conti .. .1.60! 50 Seg Bel. 11
60 75 200 CrwnPt.. 3l*loo V J««Kl_.37
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
350 Andes....^l!4oU C Point. . .33|400 Occldtl... 60
250 Blcner . . .30(200 UAC 5h 100 6°
400 Bodie 74!2j0 HAN. ..1. 8e 10 ) Potosi 95
100 Challng...6l 50 1.4V2U0 . . 86
26U CJi01r...2.15a0J Mcx STilO'J Bar 58
200 V 1.2050) 60800 S Nev.... 48
J00CC*V...1.«51-00 M0n0.....25|i!00 Union.. ..42
100 Conn.... 1.661100 Ophlr... 1.00 30J YJaojcat.,3B
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Kl.iit'l.Aß SFHSIOV— 10:S0.
40n Alnhn 1815U ccV.l. B2^)loo Mono ,24
800 Alta 12.100 Conn .1.66 .^OO Occd .67
250Aiid»8 81 100 LftO-'OU 0uh1r . .....98
80(i 8e1cner....29 50 1.6&IJ00 0vrmn....17
400 B A 8..1.05i200 C Imp 02 36U Potosi 90
2UO Lodle... ..7JJ2 0 03 400 •imr 56
100 75 600 C P0int. ...3C1400 58AM....11
300 Bullion... O'.J 300 ftxenor.. .06 200 9 Ntr 46
1200 Cbalug..6u4oo O A C...6;i 450 47
<IW BIIOU HiN. .1.431300 Union C...J8
400 59 500 Kentuck..l't>,-'OO Utah OS
*Oo Cb01r...2.105u;J Mxcn 65140U X J acKM.. 37
200 2y 8 400 56l
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:30.
300 A1pha... .17 150 CCV.1.82%!?000cca..:....57
600 18100 ....... ;1.H5400-.....;.....61
600 ...2u JOO ..• -IVrI.'OJ Ophir ...98
200 A1ta.. ....12 100 C0nn.... 1. 200 1.02 Vi
200 Andes.... !00 15. 8 400 Overman. 17
100 ...S'J'^UDO Imp 200 Potosi..
300 Blchr 30 -'OO ....„ .03 400 .......:95
100 ...,„... ...29 500 C NY... .04400 Kav«r 66
200 31 300 C Point 8" 100 SB AM... ..12
VSU 8A8.i.07V 2 -00 .;.;.; 3-'3UUS.\v 47
6UO 1.1, 200. ............ 33 200 :....48
400 ...... ....iy, 100 Exchqr....'/4 -'OO .......... .61
1000 l.li- 200 0&C... 631200 62
200 80die. ....75 -00 .......... 57700 53
1300 1 n!1i0n..09 150 HAJN... 500 5HU1......02
200 8u1wer. ..47 .00 Justice... o6 600 Union ..39
*00 4b400 L Wash.. .o^lsoo ....' 41
2(X)Ca1ed...:..13 300 Mex.....^69 43
400 Challge...6l SOO ..;...... ..6(- 40U V JckU....87
200 Ch0ir... 2. 15 200 61 -'00 .....7:.V...38
200 2.32% 200 Mono 341400 -....TO
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
•'• ' ' ' THURSDAY. Sept. B—4 F. M.
£I<l.A»ked. BiiLAtkeA.
Alpha COB. ... 19 20 Jack50n....... 26 —
Aita. 13 14 Julia.... - «»
Andes.;.. 32 34 Justice.... 04 Ob
Belcher...-......' SO 31!Keutuck 05 D 6
Best <fe Belcher 1.05 .1.10 Lady Wash....'. — »4
Bemon (Jon — 20 Mexican 81 62
Bodie ..74 —Mono 26  —
Bullion US 09! Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. 45 —Occidental..... 67 59
Caledonia..... IS 15 Ophlr. 1.00 1.05
Chollar 2.16 2.20 Overman- 17 18
Con.Cal.fcVa... 1.85 1.90 Potosi. 93 96
Challenge Con. , til 63'»avage ..' 68 69
Con. Imperial. '02 03 5c0rpi0n....... .07 —
Confidence.... 1.60 I.6si>eg. Belcher... 12 14
Con New York — 05 Syndicate . — 04
Crown Point... 32 33 silver Hi 11.... 02 08
£astSlerra Se v — (J4 sierra Nevada. 61 62
Eureka Con ... 25 — Union Con 41 42
Kxcbeauer.. 04 05 Utah... 07 08
t-oula ACurry. 68 60 Yellow JaoKW. 87 38
H*l»dt&'orcn.l.46. 1.601
GOLD MIXING KXCnAXfJK.
Champion . Providence.^..
Bid 20 00 Asked 75 00
Asked . 26 00 Savannah.......
. Edna Asked 47
Asked... - 35 500 Se&asiopol...... 30
Grant.... i'horpu
Asked 36 Asked - 80
Kennedy » 200 Bodie 73
Bid. 6 00 150 Chollar 2 10
Asked 800 100 Con Virginia... 180
400 LockwoodCon. -7 100 Hale & Norcrs. 1 40
200 2b 50 „ 1 45
Princess. 100 Oohlr 93
AsKed 100 Savage ~ 66
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Sept. 3—2 p. it.
UNITED STATES BONOS.
- Jit<l. Asked.] Bid. Asked.
ÜB«sconp..los% — UStirtg... - 107%
Do new Issuell4i>4 — ]
UiMiLLANKniTq ndVX
Cal-stCbleßs. — : 111 PacßoilMS* — _ „
Cal ElecL6sll7 — Do 2d is 65... — —
CntraCWSs — 94 P*UHy6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-co 86 97M{ P&Ch Ry6s. — 1071,4
l-.dsn 1.*P65117 - Pwl-stRRBs. — —
F&CHUR6S. — 103 Keno, WaL — 106
Geary-stßss. — 107 Vt; £acto P <fe L. — 10214
LosAngL6s. — 100 iSfAN PR ss. 95 100
DoUateedSs — 95 SPRRArizOs — 99
Mkt-stCbleSs 117^4120 M'RRCaltis. — 110%
DoßyConss..lol 1023^ BPRRCai ss. — —
NatVln6slst 96 — ,SPBrRCaIBi — 99V4
NevCNgß7s. 86 — SVWater«s.. 1158,11168^,
NPCRP.6s.IOO - SVWateris.. 97 98
NRyCal6s. — 100 StktnG4Eß3 - IOOV4
NBy Cal ss. — 100 £uns:T<&Tßs. — —
Oak Gas 65. . 102 — Butter-stKsa. 106 —
Do 2d Is 65. . 102 104 VlsallaWUM - —
Omutbtu 03. lltjs.4 —
VAT KB STOCK*.
Contra Costa — 40 |Ban Jose — _
ilann C 0.... 50 63 |Kprng Valley 96V4 9Sy a
« A" FTOCK9.
Capital 17% 30 Pacific Llirht — 4»V4
Central. 95 — I San Franosco — 90
OakGL<&H 61V a 62 Stockton. . . . . — 20
Pac Uaslmp. 82 —
INSURANCE BTOCKS.
Fireman's Fd 165 — |Sun 25 -60
COMMERCIAL BAN-JC RTOOIC*.
B&TC. — — LondonP&A.ia3% —
Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 London&SF. — 27%
BankofCal.. — 234 Merch Ex... 13 ■— -■
cal B D«tTC0l07%110 Nevada. - —
Fir»l£»auoni. — 180 Saiher B (Jo. - —
BAVINOS BANK STOCIM.
OerBALCo. I2SH 1300 Sav&Loan.. _ 100
JiumbSAL-iIOO 1450 Security.. — 275
Mutual. — 40 Union True. 7 50 —
bFbtv Union — 480
STRfCET RA1I,RO«I)
California.... 105 — OakHL&Uay — 100
Gearyst. — 80 Presidio 6 —
Market-si 41% — Sutter-st — —
J ulil'lH STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — OlantOon.... 17 18
Eastern D... 70 — IJudson !>.... — —
Callrorma. . . . 70 — K'ittorit. — 1
HIS'KI.I.ANKI.rs STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrt. 90 92 Nat Vl n Co.. — 1 —
BlkUCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic — 20
Cal cot Mills — — FacAuxb'A 1 —
EdUonLlKhtll6»/i116% I'acßoraxCa 98 100
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Her Lead Co. 80 100 ! Parf PaintCo 6% 7%
llawCiSCa. 1344 — PacTrMUsCo. — 24
notch's PCo IH3/A. 193/4 Pac TiT Co. 70 — .
MerExAssn. 100 110 Sunset 41 —
M Elec Light — 4% United 0 Co. — 25
BALKS — KOBak J Oltsatj*.
Board—
10 Edison Light* Power Co 116 00
5 do do 116 25
25 Hawaiian Commercial... 1- 75
75 do do 13 50
50 Hutchinson P Co. 19 00
20 Market-st Railway 41 K7%
6 do do 42 00
$5000 Oakland Gas Bonds, 2d 102 25
60 ttFGaslignt 90 00
SAIJIS— AFTKRJfOOX BKSiifO*.
65 Edison Light & Power Co 116 00
16 Hawaiian Commercial 14 25
10 do do 14 00
$2000 OaKland Gas Bonds, 2d 102 -5
25 & V Water bb 26
Street —
50 ? F Gaslight ..„. 90 26
*4000 S V 6* Bonds 115 75
fIOUO do do 116 87%
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs B Williams. S Kosa C Washington. Stockton
J A Rice. Denver Jn Smlloy, Sacramento
J.l Creon, SixcramentO P Thompson, Shasta
1 liar*. A aiba W M Wiley, New York
H O Benton, Los Ang R C Sheehan. Oleander
(* L smith, Mrs P Knowles, ienver
! Mm If Luck, Chico .Miss J Dohertv, Chlco
i Mrs C Small. Chlco Ci H Helaer, New York
ilis J Menlfee, Sun Jose Miss Menifee. Han Jose
W (1 Green, Portland Miss M Dwyer, Merced
(.; W Merit, (iueroeviUe P Heintz. Los Anueles
P Taylor. Novato Mrs English, ArroyoGmd
i Miss H Rroxvn, ft Cruz L Onneda, Los Gatos
Mrs Johiison,Cent<jrvlle W Harkan, Petaluma
I J Kohler, Wasiilnßton F Melville, New York
I Mrs Kline. .New York Miss Palmer New York
Miss Jeal. Stocicton M ss L Jeal, Stockton
I B irk it m, Salinas Miss stirk, Salinas
U Jackson Aw, Ls An>r Miss Jackson, Ls Angelea
J Hobson it w, t.os A tig R Lowe <fe w, Denver
M de Van * w, sacrointo Miss Havwood, Fresno
Miss Sutcliff, Lns Gatos J B Kennard Omaha
L Kennard, Omaha F Leonard. Pasadena
C i- Carroll, Vl^alia J Woodward Santa Crux
W Woodward. Santa Cra H Q Hilton, Merced
M Albion, Htockton R de Van, Stockton '
J M de Van, Stockton O Cradoc, Bakers field
B Carlossa, C olusa G Mason, Chlco
F T Jones, Fresno B Carghl 1, Fresno
F < iur ti-11, NY s Felix, Chicago
F J Angelo, Chicago J P> Orton, I<os Angeles
M English. Riverside A Sellß. N V
T Long. Stockton C Long, Stockton
W T Spain, Sacramento
GRA -D HOTEL.
D C Gardner, San Mateo W Denning, Los Aneeles
E Bwlnford, Colusa D B Keiser <fe w, Houston
M R Merrltt, Salinas A Lauer <fe w, Alturaa
i J C Hlube, San Jose GC nway.Cal
W H BSchmund, Napa R Kea ing, Cal
W H Allison, Cal R Bowei s. Rodeo
T A Schellex, Cal J Burns. Napa
J N scribner. Cal E M Hurst & w, Jackson
J M Amick <fe w, lone W A Shipper, Avon
J S Miils. StocWton A C Horiou *w,Willow»
(lUrnnsk .Stockton E J Cahill, san Mweo
j II D Kuchwell.Courtland J W Tinsman, Chicago
F W Tinsman, Chicago F P Prinner, Redding
Dr H T Thornton, Or R B Hiuler, Fresno
A Bui rows, i-rass Valley R Brooks <fe w, Mass
L Brooks, .os At geles T O Bell. lowa
C A U Batteilo, Portland Mrs J W B Montgomery,
Miss Montgomery, Chlco Cblco
Miss J Montgomery, ChcoC Gurnee, Oakland
r M lsa c, Hanford C F Dooley, oroville
\V J Houeh, EureKa C Jones. Cal
H Norton, Miss McMouy, Sacto
t' Rule, Duncans Mills W s .lor.. an, San Jose
G D Dudley, Willows 8 II Calien <S w,Willlams
Miss X Williams, Wlllms C Unrdock, San Jose
C J Jones, Stockton W H Hooper, Cal
W Bruce, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
II Deveusky Aw, Pnlnd W H Howard, Buluwayo
B H Benson A w.Tacma F Cook, ictorla
J L Lehman <t w, Seattle F C Jackson, Seattle
J H Spoffard & w, Mans- G \\ ilKinson, Benicia
field U S Hall, Danville
G N Porter. Montana H Han, <"olunihu3
A Creenley, Spoifane J D Letmausen <fc f, Val-
II SioOotTC, Benicia lejo
W Hoover, VacaviUe Mrs B F Henricks, South
A Grosjean, Oakland Bend
W Devere, U S N G Oswell, Japan
D D Howard, Los Ang E H Bushong, Los Ang
10 Dodd, Alert C G smith A w, Cincintti
j D A Walsh, Seattle G P Braaw Oakland
F Cunningham A f, Han- Mrs Homer, Sacto
ford Mrs Esua, >aoto
E W Mitchell, Redding W B Nutting, Redding
M P Rose A w, San Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs J W Grossman, La E s ives. New York
I M Litzberg, Sacto Miss Craft, Onkland
I F Becker, Oakland T L Evans,4-Paw ! s Bhow
I W L McFarland A w, 4- H Zorelles,4- Paw's show
Paw's show A Weitzel, 4- Paw's Show
D Ryan, 4-Paw's Show G Tyler, 4-Paw's Hhow
s inidle, New York B Benson, New York
C Burton, New York F J sta;esman. Pbila
G <. unn, Montreal Mrs HC Symonds, LUatos
J s Clarke, 4-Paw's Show M C 1 «1b0t.4-P«w'sShow
F i' trench Jr. Sta Clara G Edmonds, Palo Alto
A C Israel, Cblcugo C M Hunter, Louisiana
L G Hare, Salinas
PALACE HOTEL.
E H Talbot Aw, Boston W R Benedict, Mich
L A Dreuhl, Los Angeles W R Ward, l-.ngland
J P Niviils, Portland Mrs Freeburn, Taooma
G Plnchott. N V B A Davis A w. MarysvU
Mit^s A P McKee, 111 8 J McKe , 111
R Davis A d. « J G Decker A d, Cal
C Pomer, Del Monte F A West. Stockton
F Kelly, Denver J T stanton, Chicago
Mrs Kie y, Denver b P Greene, Fort Worth
Mrs Greene, Forth Worth
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Peter Owens to Bridget Owens, lot on 8 line of
Pine street, 162:6 Wof Goush. W 25 by S 120;
also, lot on W line of Lyon street 112:6 S of Sut
ler, S 25 by W .19:5- also.ioton NWcornerCa
mlno Real (ud -an Jose road) 60l> NE of Jarnac
streel, NW IH7, KB 70:7, >X 174:7. 8E 70; gift.
William I oil Ins to John (5. Kinmpke, undivided
half of lot on N'E rorner Buchanan and Bench
utreots, N 275. E 2:5, S 137; W 137 :«, S 137:6, W
i:< 7:6; $10.
T L. and Philippine M. Henderson to Edwin
<?oodi.ll. lot beginning at interse tion of s line of
Wa ler street and NE line of Buena Vista avenue
(or Park rofd), S4; de*. 41 mm., E 99:11 ** 36
d>g. 41 mln., E 107:9V4. >* 84 deg., E 130:^V4, N
t» deg. 15 mm., W 183:9s/ 8 , S 80 deg. 45 mm., W
240:6^,4 to beginning; SB.
William O. and Mary Liadop to Grace D. Fetier
(wife of G. J.), lot on E line of Baker street. 100 N
of Grove. N 25 by E 121:101/2: $10.
Catherine M. Harm to Louise B. Lubben, ot on
v- , m of Clay and a streets, S 27:8V4by
" a " - ens (MitcheM), Nina and Percy St.
w^ . ymuur to Frank Reinbol<l, lot on E line of
i? ,At - t?" 15 ° *of l>oint Lob 0» avenu', 825 by
m :'": '" block A - Janl ' ero Homestead: $10. .
iina^f- v & P ellmau W Hannah .-pellman, lot on vv
W l°o "ff* tFeet% 27650f Twentieth, 525 by
T^ S rah Jeh ? to Seymour Atteli, lot on W line of
Leave, worth street, 74:10 N of Sutler, N 3 by W
90 :b. quitclaim deed; $1
lofoD m Ul and ; , 8t r her Atte " tO X**** C - Sutliffe.
iinM-r^.»4'?K Of *> a venworth stre-t, 47:6 Nof
w »Jit 4by 90:6: Rlsoall Merest In lot or.
Nil'by W90"6?Tla Ch ««et. 74:10 «of butter.
Eva Deutscher to F. J. Castelhnn, lot on XV line
of Kansas street, 10 N of Nevada, N 25 by W
IUU; grant.- *
Clara Weiss to Marker Weiss, lot on N line of
aviE^vßS^Vi?' 7 Wot Firßt avenue! "
.IV*' 88:1 0. X 25, si 86:31/4: $10.
v U iuard V. and Marie L Hunting. on to Ephraim
E. Enlow, lot on N line of C reel, 32:6 Eof
Tenth avenge, E 25 by £i 100: *10
Flora Harloet. Marcus Harloe, lot 5, block A
Railroad HomesteaJ Association: $10
M. ft t- isner to Lydla A. Wes phal lot 15, block
D, Getz addition to Lakeview: $10
AT.AKKI>A CODSTY.
S. Marlanl to Louis Glacometti. lot on W line of
o an ab J° avenne . 88:334 N of Thirtieth street, N
ik: )\^ :2 \ S ) S 45: -V4- SW2S, NE Sl.llV
H. 51.11 to begim.iuu. .being lot 5. block 672,
uncock Tract, subject to a mortgage for $1500.
Oakland; $10.
w H. B. nd Laura A. Pinney to J. *-. Ebe lot 30,
block G, Map of subdivided blocks E. F and G
Revised Map Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Town
shiD; $160.
_ Mary E. Seaton to Frederick E. "Whitney, lot on
E line of McClure street, 225 N of Prospect
avenue, N 50 by E 152 , b- ing lot 13, McClure Aca
demy Grounds, Oakland: $10.
Building Contracts.
H. Peters with William Tender, to erect a one
story cottage on the E line of Douglas street, 75 S
of Seven eenth, $2974; Emil John, architect.
Clara M. Weiss with L. G. Borgen, to erect a
one-story building on N line of California street,
110:7 w of First avenue, $1100; architect con
tractor.
Dr. Julius Rosenstirn with J. J Kelly, lathing
and plastering v six-story building on NW corner
of Sutter and Hyde streets, $4i78; architect, sal
fleld A- Kohlberg.
Same with D. Zelmsky, painting, graining and
timing same, 93100; same architect.
E. and F. Bareles with John McCarthy, brick
and cust iron work, etc.. for a three-story building
of flats on S corner of Ho Us and o'Farrell streets,
$1: 00: J. Godart, architect.
Same, with A. Hawkins, carpenter, work, etc.
on same, $9500; same architect.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Septkmbkb, 1896.
EMclTu. W. Th. Kr. Ha. j Moon's Phases
1 2 3 4 5 *3i) New Moon.
Vi/ S«pt. 7.
« 7 8 9 10 |11 12 /-?\Flrs: Quarter
I \JJ Sept. 13.
13 14 15 |18 17 18 I9j-v , FBllMoon .
1 — r Iv*/ Sept. 21.
20 21 ! 22 !23 24 25 2« I— — — '■ —
/^M.ast Quarter.
i^/ Sept. 29.
27 28 '29 30 I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francitco-
BTKAMER I DKSTIN'ATrON-. | SAILS. | PIBR.
£ '° Coos Bay Sept 4.liUMli'ier 13
Farallon.... Yaquina Bay. Sept 4. 9am PierJ
Coos 8ay.... Newport eiept 4. s'AMjPierll
™eeoct liel Kiver topi 4. op* Pier 13
£ unol Grays Harbor Sept 4. 6p* Pier 2
Columbia... Portland Sept s,luam Her-Jt
Ar.-ata i Oregon ports .. Sept 6,10 am I'ie'24
ABiunchard orecon nor-s.. Sept 6. 6pm Pier 13
Pomona .. Hnmboldtßay sept 6, I!pm ■ Pier »
Walla Walla Vie & Pgi ana Sept 6. 9am Pier 9
C0r0na...... j ban D1e50..... Sept 6.11 am- Pii»r 11
Truclcee Coos Bay Sept 8, Ipm pier 8
Colon Panama Sept 8.12 m PMSS
Kureka (Newport Sepi 8, dam ■ Pier II
State or Cal. ; Portland SeptlO.lUAM Pier 21
banta Rosa. I Ban r>le«o.. . . septlO. Ham Pier 11
Umatllla.... Vjc& Pgt Snd Septll. 9am Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
•Stkamkr I From _|Due
Navarro I Crescent City Sept 4
Corona i -an Diego :.; ..Sept 4
Aiiceßlanchard I Oregon pores Kept 4
Peter Jebsen... . Nanaimo Sept 4
Pomona Humbold: Bay ..Sept 5
North F0nt..... Huiuboldt Bay- Sept 5
Kurekn Newport. Sept 6
San Be 11 Ho Tacoma Sept (5
Truclcee Coos Bay Sect 6
SiateofCal Portland Sept 7
Urnatilla. Victoria A Puget Sound ..Sept 7
Crescent city. Crescent City Sept 7
Santa Kosa San Diezo «... . Sept H
Weeott Eel River Sept 8
Araxo j Coos Bay Sept 9
Newport runaniA Sept 9
COOS Kay- I Newport Hept 10
City of Peking.. j China anil Japan Sept 10
Karallon Vtuinina Ha- Sept 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
tT. S. Coast akd Ckodetic Subvhy Tide'v
Bulletin- Publuhkd by Official >
authority of the st'pkki vtemjk vt. j
Friday, September 4
Sun rises 5.43J Moon rlsss o.loam
Sun sets 6.34, Mooti sets
September— l 996.
I \l£2* \vtt\lllSl Fe*tH^| Feet l™^ Feet
■r X W II \V L W II W
4 0.12 —0 1 10.-7
5 3.54—0.2110 55
6 4.H2 —0.1 1 11.20
7 .Ml 0.1 11.47
8 6.05 0.5 1-2.18
Jaw l W
9] 0.30 5.6 6.36
10 .1.29 5.4 1 7.151
4.7 5TUU &1 9.00 575
5 2 351 2.6 9.55 6.0
5.4 4.40 2.0 10 48' 6.0
5.5 6.28 1.5 11.40 6.8
6.7 0.16 1.0
H W L \v
1.0 12.46 5.7 7.02 0.7
1.6 1 1.22 6.8| 7.54! 0.5
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of the day In the
order or occurrence ai to time. The second time
column stives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or r"ignt
hand column stives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh;, and then the number given ls subtractive
from the deoth Riven by me charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydrooraphic Office, U. S. N., ■)
Merchants' Exchanoe . ■. >-
San Francisco, Septembers. 1896. )
The time bail on 'telegraph Hill was drorpel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtei.kr
Lieutenant V. S. N. in char-ire.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY, September 3.
Btmr Greenwood. Carlson. IP hours from Cleone;
railroad ties, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland 0 hours from Monterey
etc: produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 29 hours from Eel
River; pess and mdae, to Russ. Sanders <ft Co.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, 30 hours from
Fort BrauK and way ports; pass and mdse, to Men
doc Ino Lumber Co.
Scnr Challenger, Sonderud, 7 days from Seattle;
lumber, to A A Baxter.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, September 3.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & .Co.
Mn>r coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro; Goodall,
Per^ina & Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY, September 3.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Albion.
StmrCleone, Johnson. Ha-dy Creek.
Stmr City of Rio dp Janeiro, Ward, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Bonita. Conwav, Newport, etc.
Stmr Noyo. Levinson. Fort Bragg.
Scnr Bessie K. Anderson, Point Sur.
gchr H C Wright, Olsen. Coos Bay.
Schr Fortuna. Rosich. Eureka.
Schr John F Miller, Hanson, Port Blakeley.
1 el.- graphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 3-10 P. Weather
thick: wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
• Charters.
The Haw schr Americana loads lumber at Bur
rard Inlet for '-Ibraltar: schr Oceana Vance, red
wood at Eireka for Sydney; ship Oriental, coal at
Departure Bay for this port: Br ship Riversdale
wheac at Portland for Europe, 31s 3d— prior to
arrival.
' Memorandum. '
Per Point Arena— Sept 3 at 5 pit off Dnxburv
Beef saw the schr Gotama, from Coos Bay for
San Francisco. .. . '• ut
Domestic Ports.
SAN PEDRO-Arrlved Sept 3-Schr Halcyon,
from Portland. tiiucyon.
Sailed Sept 3--*chr Alice, for Eureka.
SAN DIEGO-Salled Sept 3-stmr National Cltv
for San Francisco. ""*
TATOOSH- Passed Sept 3-*trar Cltr of Pnebla
hence sept 1. or Victoria and Puget Sound.
PORT TOWN SEN 1>- Arrived Sept 3-Schr
Mary E Russ, from Kahnlui; schr Helen J Klm
bali. hence Aug 14. **uu
fc& sln^H M a^aT Salled Btßl 3 - Bktn "-*»■
sc^^s^o^a BB n kl FF n ra K ncisco FUCl£lnßCr - for Kobe --
Se*"t^ 1ON ~ ArrlVed Sept 3 ~ Btmr Scotia, hence
Sept L " EXA Amve<l * pt 3 - Btmr Pomona, hce
il°&££b*^ sept B Hchr Etta *> tor
i^LtSf^aSS?* Point
Ne V ed i;Voc°k RT - SaUed Ait >™> •«
Grlenwsoi " ArrlVed Sept S ~ Stmr Alcazar.' m
Foreign Ports.
AHDROSSAN— SaiIed Aug 27— Nor bark Nord
lyset, for San Francisco.
"TATTAL— Sailed Aug 25-Ger bark Osterbek,
for Port Gamble.
SHANGHAI- Arrived Sept I—Bktn John Smith
from Chemainus.
Sailed Aug 6— Br ship Holy wood, for Vancou-.
ver.
tJANTA ROSALIA— SaUed July 16— Br ship
Celtic Q leen.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept 2— Bark C D Bryant,
hence July 9.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Sept I— Br ship Red
Rock, hence Mnv 16.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 2— Br s.tmr Em
press ol India, from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug 11— Ger ship Henri
etta, for Oregou.
Arrived Aug 31— Br stmr Victoria, from Ta
coma.
Movemonts of Trans-Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 3-Stmr Werken
dam, fro'n Rotterdam.
Sailed Sept - :i Normnnma. for Hamburg;
stmr >chied.'iin for Amsterdam.
I'LYMOUTH— Arrived out Sept 3— Stmr Colum
bi.i.
BRE MERH A VE2f— Arrived out Sept 3— Stmr
Sp ec.
NA I'LES— Arrived out Sept 3--*tmr Fulda.
LUXHON- Arrived out Sept 3— Mmr Manitoba.
COPKNII.VGEN— Sailed Sept I— Stmr Hokla.for
New York.
. Importations.
SANTA CRUZ— Per Gipsy— 2 bxs butter, 23 cs
cheese. 1 cs eggs, 6 rolls leather, 600 bbls lime, 10
bdls calfskins.
Moss Landing— 3 cseg?*, 1 Dx butter, 21 sks
seed.
WatsoDvllle— 1 bbl rum, 1 bbl orandy.
Salinas-. 593 sks oats.
MoroCojo— 1487 sks potatoes.
■ Monterey— 37 bza apples, 1 gas stove, Ibx wax,
3 cs cheese. 3 cs honey.
PORT KENYON - Per Weeott— l39 hogs, 30
eds s:.aveboltß. 21 dressed calves. 14 dressed veal.
1 * fro^s, 1 plce Bkins , 1 roll paper, 2cs mdse, 1
?■> sheiK 1 bbl globes, 1 cs dry goods. 1 bx fish. 9
bdls hides, 1 bbl globe.*, 24% bags wool, 4 bbls 79
232 bxs butter, 42 sks peas.
POINT ARENA-Per Point Arena-1 keg 36
bxs butter, 16 dressed hops. 1 hide, 5 pkgs mdse,
1 bx cheese. 1% cs eggs, 2 bxs seed, 4 bxs berries,
1 ke; nails, 1 art shoves
Fort Bragg- BO Mft lumber.
Navarro-2000 ties.
Albion— 200 ties.
Consignees.
Per Glpsy-stanaardOUCo: A Galll Fruit Co:
\v J w n , c r ovicn & °° : IJ: ' 1 Bottln?Co: W F Mitchell;
\V W Montague & Co: Russ, Sanders <fc Co: Kron
lanninifCo: .Norton. Teller & Co; Herman Joosc;
Thomas Loughran: E U Stevens A Co ; Hills Bros:
Moore, * erjuson & Co ; Wol f & Son : Enterprise
Brewery; AW Fink & Co; United states Brewery:
Arctic Oil Works: A P Hotailng A Co; Union lea
Co: Christy Wise.
Per Weeott-Russ, Sanders & Co; FBHaight:
Brignam, Hoppe & Co; J H Newbauer & Co- S P
News Co; O B Smith £ Co: Norton, Teller & Co;
F . S l^ bt ! WUzel * Baker ; Smith's Cash Store ;
C E Whitney <fe Co; U N Tildes <& Co; v Moffatf
Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Dairymen's Union: Miller
<fc Lux; W B Sumner & Co: M T Freitas & Co; (i
de Lucca: Thos Denigan. Son <fc Co; Westinghousa
Mfg Co: M Kalian & Co; #* Aden & Co: Paul
Seller: Greenbaum, Weil & Michels; D Dellosso: a
de Laca; S P Taylor Co: Indiana isxyclu Co; Roth.
Blum Co; Wheaton. Breon & Co.
Per Point Arena— Ross * Hewlett: Samuels Seed
Co: Wilson & Baecluel; Russ, Sanders & Co; 8 M
Sunsen; OBSmita&Co; Martin, FeusierA Co :
; Standard Oil Co: Mendoclno Lumber Co: Roberts
1 & Tuit: Wetmoreßros: Dillon & Co: order.
WASTED-Overdue Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITT COUNTRY FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 San some St. (Tel. Red 411).
N. B.— No charge unless successful. List of S. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post free.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /fT%.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as^xSaEat
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kil-
llsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a.-m., Sept. 11, 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, An&cortes and
New \V aicom (Betllneham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. U.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16, ill, 26, and every tilth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTaroma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
: N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I'.ureka, Area a anil Fields Landing (Hum.
1 boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2p. m., Kept, a, 6. 10, 14,
1 I 18. 22, 116, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
1 i For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
; i Port Harford (San mis Oblspo), Oaviota, Santa
i : Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
I I Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
' I S«pt. 4,8,12. 16, 20, 24,- 28, and every fourth,
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
; (San Luis Obispo), -anta Barbara, Port Los An-
-1 feles, Redoi .0 (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
1 a. M. Sept. -2, 6, 10, 14, 18, -22, 26, 30 and every
1 ■ fourth day thereafter.
, For i-nsenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
! Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
{ a. m. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
: ASTORIA iIiPORTLANII
46 Second Class, *12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH - INCLUDED.
Columbia sails Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 6, 16,2*
; fcuite: of California sails...- .........
• •'•• Aug. 21, 31, Sept. id, 20, 80
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier -24) at 10 a. *.
GOODALL, PERKINS CO., Genl. Supts.
V. *•. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, feW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, |1 "
, AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAME DA sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. it
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tnes-
I day. September 22. a- 10 a.m. Special party rates,
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
Bouth Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
11 1 Montgomery street. '
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
(MPAGSIE GESERAL TRMSATLASTIQCB
French Lin-» to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH .»*«_
V^ River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by «sfiC»?(s
this line avoid both transit by English railway' t.il
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a staaU
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*
! first-ciass $lt>0: second-class, $110.
! LA BOURGOGNE Sept 5, 9 a. k.
L.v >"•»•■■ • r. ."...Sept. 12, 6A. it
LA TOURAINE Sept. 19, V a. m.
LA GASCUU.SK Sept. 26. 3 A. IC.
LA HRET.UINE Oct. 3, 7 a. K.
J6T* For fntther particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI it CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco,
WHITE STAR LHE.
Doited States and Royal Mail Steamers
BKTWKEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING ISVEKIt WEEK.
CABIN', $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >MSL.
ing to steamer anil accommodations u«HBMK
selected; second cabin, $■ . ■<■> and *4 . 0; Maje.->ua
an 1 Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
laud, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at las
General office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. c \V. FLETCHER,
General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COHPASY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /^^m
O fortnightly for the West Indies and ■^isSSjm
Southampton, calling en route - at • C<"rbourgl>t
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from Nan Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $19.V. third
class, $97 50. For further . particulars apply to
PAKROTT « CO., Agents.
_^ VOii rMi*nrnia»t.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
kf iV i® ; E le . V No ' 3 ' Washington St.
At o V. M.. .Daily. ireigU,, received up
to :;jj P. >l.
*9" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
me only Hue nituciuj; tnrough rates on Valley
Road freight.
'-■ — STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
•telephone Jlaln 805. Cau Nay. and lmui,. Ca
U.S. MATY-YARD. MARE ISLIND, YALLEJO,
•Beniria, *Pnrt Ctsla, *€ne*t!t ,md *Valona.
STR. MONTICELLO,
Daily 10:30 a. m., 4:0 if p. m. (Saturdays »*10:30
A.M.), S:3op. m. Sundays 8 p. v. oniv. Offices
f, nd landing, Pier 2, Mission at. Telephone BlacK
**}•; . _ ■ HATCH BROS.
♦ '.Sinct 8 p. it. trips only.
*» T.xcurslon trip. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SA.\ JO>E, LOS 61 i OS & SAiYTACRUZ
QTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
*-* l 'J 0 £ M - (Sundays excepted) ; Alvlso dally at
7p. m. . (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, «f »re between san Francl»co and AlvisowInteresting News Items From Alameda County.
WILL MARRY THE
LEADING SOPRANO
Attorney W. H. Waste and
Miss May Ewing
to Wed/
NUPTIALS TO BE QUIET.
The Groom Was a Trustee of
the A'sbury Church at Which
the Bride Sang.
WILL RESIDE AT BEEKELEY.
Both Young People Are Very Popular
and Members of Several
Organizations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,) '
908 Broadway, Sept. 3. j
The latest wedding to be announced is '
that of Attorney W. H. Waste to Miss
May Ewing. Both parties are well known
and have frequently been before the pub- |
lie— the groom as an attorney and poli
tician, the bride as a church singer.
There is a little romance, of course, that '
William H. Waste of the Alameda County Bar and Miss May Ewing, Whose
Marriage Will Take Place on September 16.
leads up to the announcement of the wed
ding. Mr. Waste was for a long time one
of the trustees and most active spirits of
the Asbury M. E: Church. It was largely
due to his executive ability that the
church was brought to its present good
standing regarding its finances.
Mr. Waste was a newspaper man before
be commenced to practice law, and has
also been a delegate to the Democratic
county conventions. He is now the senior
partner in the law firm of Waste & Stet
son, but has had nothing to do with poli
tics for the past two years. He is a mem
ber of the Alameda County Law Associ
ation and is a very popular member of the
county bar.
Miss May Ewing is a well-known vocal
ist and is the leading soprano of Asbury-
Church choir. The engagement to the ex
trustee of the church was somewhat of a
surprise to her friends. She is a step
daughter of T. B. Hardin, chief clerk in
the United States Surveyor's office.
The wedding will take place at the home
of the bride's mother, 2158 West street. It
will be a very quiet affair, and invitations
will be sent to only a few intimate friends.
The weddin? has been set for September
16. Mr. and Mrs. Waste will reside in the
present home of Mr. Waste at Berkeley.
Miss Ewing is a native of Virginia and
Attorney Waste is a Native Son.
ENGLISH WAS MODEST,
Kept in .the Background Long
Enough to Lose the Support
of Foote.
There Will Be Some Surprises at the
Democratic Congressional Conven
tion at Vallejo.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
SOB Broadway, Sept. 3. j
The Democrats who can afford to pay
the fare are heading to-night for Vallejo.
ready to tade part in the Third Congres
sional Convention to-morrow. The an
nouncement in The Call this morning
that W. W. Foote intended to make a
fight for M. F. Tarpey caused a mild
panic among local Democrats.
Discussing the matter further to-day,
Mr. Foote said: "I will vote for Tarpey,
but have not talked to any one about the
matter, and have no idea who will win in
the contest. I told Tarpey at Chicago that
I would do what I could for him, and now
I intend to do so. He is the strongest
man, but matters have been so mixed up
that it is likely that neither he nor English
will get the nomination, but some third
party.
"I know that much surprise is expressed
at my not favoring English, who is a rela
tive, "but he positively refused to be a can
didate up to the time that Hilborn was
nominated. Before that, however, I had
pledged myself to Tarpey. One can't be
supposed to wait all summer to know what
office his relatives may want before get
ting himself into the fight. If I am in
Vallejo, and 1 may not be as I have other
important matters in hand, I will stand by
Tarpey to the last."
Under any circumstances the fieht will
be a hot one, as English will have the
usual strong backing from this city, and
he also claims to have great strength in
the rest of the district.
"My position is just tbis," said Warren
B. English to-day. "I have received let
ters from friends in every township in this
district urefng me to be a candidate for
Congress and I have consented. While I
feel confident of victory I am not trying
to force myself on the party. I thall
heartily support the nominee."
M. J. Laymance, chairman of the County
Central Committee, believes%English will
have a walkover.
"I think he will be nominated on the
first ballot," he said to-day, "if not by
acclamation. All the candidates are per
sonal friends of mine, but from the trood
record English made during his term in
Congress, when he demonstrated that he
was the best representative the district
has ever had, and through leading the
strong though losing fight of 1894, I be
lieve him to be the best-known man in the
district. There is no question in my mind
I that he will be elected if the Populists in
dorse him, which I feel confident they
' will do."
T. F. Garrity. Edwin Swinford of Coiusa
i and Henry McPike may also get their
, names before the convention, and it is not
i impossible that some one will spring the
i "crown of thorns" act, place Billy Foote
! in nomination and elect him before the
j others have recovered from their surprise.
i Such a tning is in the air to-night in places
i where the remnants of the Democratic
j party congregate.
•—• — • — •
IN FAVOR OF GOLD.
The Silver Men Did Not Make Out a
Good Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 3.— The judges
upon the silver-cold debate that was Held
by the Law Association last night ren
dered their decision to-day. It was against
the affirmative, which asserted "that inde
pendent free coinage is an indispensable
remedy for the present commercial, finan
cial and industrial depression of tne
I United States."
The judges unanimously decided that
the silver men had not proved their case.
More Democratic News.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 3.— Oakland is
to have a new Democratic newspaper. The
initial number will appear next Thursday
under the management of J. L. Edmund
son, formerly editor of the Banning
Herald, and W. D. Wasson, city editor of
the laic Evening Item and formerly of the
San Francisco Report. Tne paper will be
an eight-page weekly and wiil declare un
equivocally for Bryan and free silver.
Jail-Breakers Sentenced.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 3.— Edward K«l
-ley and John Martin were sentenced to
fifteen years in San Quentin to-day by
Judge Greene. The men broke out of the
county jail in a very ingenious manner a
few weeks aco, and were recaptured the
Eame evening in San Francisco.
The Ebell Society.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 3.— George W.
Baker, chairman of the State Bimetallic
League, addressed the Ebell Society and
their friends this evening at the Unitarian
church in tbis city on the free coinage of
silver. He was greeted by a large audience,
which manifested much iuterest in the
subject, although much the larger part of
the gatbering was composed of ladies.
■West Berkeley McKlnleyites.
i BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 3.— The West
I Berkeley Republicans are preparing for a
' remain* mass-meeting to be held at Sis
terna Hall on Saturday evening. Hon.
I John T. Dare will be the principal speaker
| of the evening, and Will Schmidt will be
j present with his colored jubilee singers.
An invitation has been sent by the or
ganization to the University Students'
; Republican Club to be present, asking that
, they appoint four vice-presidents to take
i seats on the platform. The following
vice-presidents from the students' club
have been named: James M. Oliver, Rob
ert Easton, Norton A. Wood and Will C.
Russell.
Democrats Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 3.— A Bryan
club was formed at the State University
this afternoon, with P. Miller as president
and F. M. Simpson secretary, and an ad
visory committee consisting of Butler '98.
English '97 and Hutchinprs '98. Fifty
voters have already signed the roll.
HIS TOBY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
908 Broadway, Sept. 3. j
The Most, Rev. Archbishop Riordan will lec
ture under the auspices of the C. 1,. A. S. at the
Macdonough Theater to-morrow evening.
Robert Mitchell Marrack, who died in Eng
! land in March, 1895, left an estate valued at
i $2000, which )s situated near Lorin, this
I county.
The freight steamer Emma continues her
' daily trip to Ban Francisco, and business is
such that the management is talking about
i making two trips a day Instead of one.
i Judge Ellsworth has freed Sadie A. Boyer
! from her matrimonial bonds with William H.
i Boyer because the latter left her. She is al
lowed to take her former name of Sadie A.
Reeve*.
Mary J. Earley was to-day granted a divorce
from James J. Earley on the ground of deser
i tion and awarded the custody of a minor
! child, $25 a month alimony and $100 attor
i ney's fees.
I By reason of the proof of the cruelty of
Daniel S. Yerxa Frances L. Yerxe was to-day
awarded a decree of divorce with the custody
| of their minor child, Hazel, and $5 a week for
her support, with costs of strlt.
A decree of divorce was granted J. F. Darcy
j to-day from Annie Darcy on the ground of the
: unfaithfulness of the latter. Four minor
children and a house and lot on Hannah street
were awarded to the plaintiff.
The city wharves are all crowded to-day and
; the bustle of business is greater than it has
j been for months. There are six vessels at
j the main wharves all discharging at once and
I teams are hauling off the cargoes.
In the suit of Delia M. Hardy, formerly
Brackett, against Tracy 8. Hardy, in which
cruelty w as alleged, Judee Ogden to-day denied
a divorce to the plaintiff on the ground that
there was not sufficient corroborative evidence.
Charles Johnson, an ironmolder residing on
Thirty-first and San Pablo, was treated at the
Receiving Hospital last night for a lacerated
face and a bad scalp wound received in a fight.
The wounds were inflicted with a knife.
Johnson did not know who had used it.
In Judge Greene's court this morning the
trial of Andrew Root, the alleged gold brick
mau, was set for the 10th of next month.
This will be Root's second trial, the jury in the
first case having disagreed. On the date men
tioned above the case of Gordon, the aliened
confederate of Root, will be set for trial.
The twenty-ninta annual meeting of the
California Conference of the African Meth
odist Episcopal Church convened in the
Fifteenth-street A. M. E. Church yesterday
with Bishop W. J. uaines of Atlanta, Ga., pre
siding and the following officers assisting:
Secretary, Rev. D. R. Jones; statistician, Rev.
W. B. Anderson; marshal. Rev. H. Wilson; re
porter to Christian Recorder, Rev. J. E. Ed
wards.
»—» — ♦ — •
His Suit Not Favored
O. G. Ricbard, a restaurant keeper at 3445
Twentieth street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Joachimsen'i court yesterday charging
"John Doe" with disturbing the peace. "John
Doe 1 ' was a dishwasher in his restaurant and
became enamored of his daughter, who is 16
years of H(je, The dishwasher was discharged
and since then he has been annoying the girl
with his attentions.
• — • — •
To display a crest on stationery and
plate in England costs each family a tax
of a guinea a year. About 40,000 people
pay it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896
FOOTBALL BEGINS
AT BERKELEY
First Practice of 96 to Be
Held This After
noon.
SUITS ARE DISTRIBUTED
Backs to Start Field Work at
Once, While Line Men
Come Later.
MORE GYMNASIUM WORK.
The University Library and Campus
Cannot Be Lighted This Year.
Interesting News.
BERKELEY, Cal., Bept 3.— Berkeley's
football season practically opened to-day.
Captain Ransome posted a bulletin this
morning requesting all candidates for
positions back of the line to report at the
gymnasium for suits afier military drill.
Nineteen men responded to the call and
carried away their quota of jerseys, stock
ings, trousers, shoes, Bhinguards, ankle
protectors and noseguards.
Following are the men who were sup
plied with their season's equipment for
work on the gridiron: Kennedy, Sher
man, Haskell, Hopper, Lndlow, Hutchin
son, Greisberg, Kaar&berg, Ransome,
Bender, Hall, Julian, Carr, Anderson,
Toland, Thompson, Birdsall, Powers and
Ellis.
The thirteen first mentioned of these
men are old players under the blue and
gold, while the last six are new men, all of
whom have had previous football experi
ence. To-morrow afternoon suits will be
dealt out to candidates for places on the
line, and it is anticipated that at least
fifty men will apply for playing garb at
that time.
The first practice of the season will be
held to-morrow afternoon, when the backs
will appear on the campus in their play
ing attire.
Practice for the line men, however, will
not begin until September 14. In the
meantime they will engage in gymnasium
work of a general character. Just what
policy will govern the training ol the men
throughout the season has not yet been
decided upon by the advisory committee,
which was appointed by the Athletic Asso
ciation last week, but it is generally under
stood that less vigorous work at the begin
ning of the season will be one of the main
features of their recommedation to the
management. The prevailing idea in foot
ball circles at this time seems to be that
the work of the season should be very
light at first, then more vigorous and
finally hard and fast.
Last year but little gymnasium work
was done, but this season the chances are
favorable for a decidedly great, amount.
A letter was received by Director Magee
yesterday from Oscar N. Taylor, the
veteran varsity player, who is now at Bel
mont. Taylor suggested, as a member of
the advisory committee, that much "gym"
work should be done, and that the men be
given ample opportunity for strengthen
ing their muscles and toning up their sys
tems before commencing bard line work.
From now until the end of the season
the candidates for places on the team must
give up smoking and drinking and place
themselves under strict training rules.
Junior Day Affairs.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 3.— President
Everett Brown of the junior class has ap
pointed the following committees on the
class day performances and the class
debt:
On class debt— W. Star, L. M. Farish,
W. Smith. On junior day music — C. U
Davis, M. Dozier, H. Butler. On junior
day faree — J. Hopper, Miss McCleave, A.
Checkering, Miss Barto, E. Stadtmuiler,
Miss Whipple and G. Clark.
It was decided at a meeting of the farce
committee this afternoon that all farces
must be submitted by September 15, and
that if a suitable one is not secured search
will be made outside the university for a
play.
No Lights for the Campus.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 3.— Neither
the library at the State University nor tne
campus will be lighted during the coming
year because of lack of money for paying
the expenses of running the dynamos. No
money was allowed by the regents on their
last budget to pay for lighting the library,
but $360 was set atide for operating six
arc lights on the campus.
It seems that a blunder was made in the
financiering concerning the lighting. It
was estimated that it three arc lamps
could be run a year for $60 apiece six could
be run at the same ratio of expense, or for
$360. In reality it would cost nearly $1500
to run even the six lamps.
>ew Accredited Schools.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 3.— Recorder
j Sutton of the State University has com
-1 pleted the list of accredited schools, sixty
j five now being on the list.
Following are the names of those which
i have not heretofore received recognition
j from the university :
Alameda County Union Hijjh School 1 of
I Livermore, Coiusa High School, Los An
geles Academy, Mendocino High School,
i Oakdale Union High School, Polytechnic
j High School of San Francisco, San Luis
i Obispo High School, Throop Polytechnic
! of Pasadena, Tulare High School", Wood-
I land High School.
Hastings-Mitchell Wedding.
BERKELEY, Cal., Bept. 3.-The wed
ding of Miss Naomi Mitchell of Berkeley
to Roger Williams Hastings of Portland
took place this morning at St. Mark's
Episcopal Church, Rector George E.
Swan officiating. The church building
was beautifully decorated for the occa
sion.
After their weddin* breakfast at the
residence of Mrs. Drummond on Union
street the newly married couple left on
their honeymoon for Southern California.
They will make their home in Portland,
where the groom is the representative of
the firm of Balfour, Gothrie & Co.
Will Race at Stockton.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 3.— Joe Segui
the colored champion footracer of West
Berkeley, will sprint against the champion
of Ban Joaquin ValJey in a 75-yard run on
Admission day at Stockton. Se^ui has for
his backers Messrs. Spear, Fisher and
Phillips. He will run for a purse of $150 a
side.
Associated Students to Meet.
BERKELEY, Ca«l,, Sept. 3.— The Asso
ciated Studeuts of the Btaie University
will meet to-morrow afternoon for the
first time this term. Nominations for
track manager will be called for. All
classes will be excused from 1 to 1:55
o'clock because of the meeting.
M aste to Be Married.
BERKELEY, Cal,, Sept. 3.— The en
gagement of Attorney W. H. Waste to
Miss May Ewing of Oakland Has been air
nouncod, the wedding to take place on
September 16.
LOSES HIS VOTE.
j It Comes to Be a Matter of Minutes
in William Watts'
Ago.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 3.— Chief Dep
uty District Attorney L.^S. Church has
given as his opinion that William Watts,
who was born on November 4, 1875, wiil
not have attained h's majority on Tues
day, November 3, 1896, and therefore is
not entitled to vote at the coming elec
tion nor to have his name placed on the
new great register.
Watts claims tbat under the common
law the fullness of one's majority being
! attained on the day preceding the anni
versary of one's birth he would be en
titled to vote at the approaching election,
so he applied to County Clerk Frank C.
Jordan to be properly enrolled on the
| great register as a voter. The clerk re-
I ferred the matter to the District Attor
-1 ney's office and requested an opinion as to
his dutie3.
Mr. Church discussed the matter with
his chief, Mr. Snook, and they together
I conferred with some of the Superior
j Judges. They finally decided that Watts
j would not attain his majority, that is have
j lived twenty-one years, until the first
■ miuute after midnight of the 3d of Novem
ber. The decision is based on the inter
pretation given in section 26, part 1 of the
statutes, which provides that in determin
ing age the time must be calculated from
the first minute of the day in which a
person is born to the same minute of the
corresponding day completing the period
of minority.
Young Republicans.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. a— The Young
Men's Republican League will hold a
strictly business meeting to-morrow (Fri
j day) evening. The drill corps will be on
Richard T. Acres. Whose Wife Says She Has Been Deserted for Som» One More
Congenial to Her Husband.
hand with its new uniform. The business
transacted will be mainly in relation to
drill corps matters.
REPUBLICAN CLUBS JOIN
The Common Danger From the
Enemy Insures a Work
ing Basis.
A Burglar Who Turns Out to Be a
Local Youth— The Dickens Party
a Great Success.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 3.— To Alexan
der Mackie belongs the credit for endeav
oring to get the Republican clubs of Ala
meda to unite ana form one. A committee
of each club met last night and talked
every phase of the matter over between
the hours of 8 and 11, but fusion was im
possible. Mr. Mackie had not learned the
combining power of the elements.
Some eood was done, however. The cx
i penses of the drill corps are to be equally
! borne by the Alameda and regular clubs,
thd headquarters of the Alameda C'.ub is
! to be open to both at joint expense, and in
campaign work they have each promised
i to have representatives at the meetings.
The Burglar Arrested.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Sept. 3. — Kesus
Garc'a, aged 17 years, was arraigned in
Justice Morris' court this morning on a
charge of burglary. His trial is set for
next Saturday. It turns out now that he
was the party whom Officer Schoenau
chased on Sunday night as he was enter
ing John Goldstone's residence. The
ladies he ran past on Sunday night recog
nized him and his arrest was only a mat
ter of time. He has confessed to two
previous burglaries and a watch taken in
one of them has been recovered.
A Dickens Party.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 3.— Armory
Hall contained a large audience to wit
ness the first night of an entertainment
by the First Presbyterian Ladies' Aid So
ciety, entitled "A Dickens Party." All
the leading characters from Dickens' chief
works were displayed by means of tab
leaux, and many pretty and humorous
sittings were obtained. Miss Ada Rams
dell acted as stage manager and Miss
Constance Jordan as accompanist. The
performance will be repeated to-morrow
n igh t.^^^^^^^^^^^^^H^^^^H
Bcv. Mr. Moody Chosen.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 3.— Rev. F. J.
Moody of Willows was extended a unani
mous call last evening by the First Baptist
Cburcb to become its pastor. He has
been filling tbe pulpit for the past six
weeks and ieft on an early train for his
home this morning. He will tender his
resignation to the Willows Baptist church
at once, and as soon as it is accepted be
will accept the call tendered him last
night. He expects to return to Alameda
about the last of October to begin his
A Bryan Silver Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. a— The Bryan
Silver Club, composed of Demoorats and
Populists, held a meeting last night at
Linderman Opera-house. The attendance
was not large. Captain Morse spoke for a
few minutes.
The executive committee is arranging
for a joint debate of two hours, to be held
next Wednesday night, on "Gold versus
Silver."
Volunteers of America.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 3.— The Volun
teers of America, the rival organization to
the Salvation Army, has broken ground
here. The first meeting was held in Lin
derman Opera-house this evening, with
Captain Mills of Oakland in command.
MRS, ACRES FEARS
AN ELOPEMENT
Her Husband Left Her With
25 Cents Three Weeks
Ago.
ONCE TOOK HER CHILD.
He Is a Partner of a Well-Known
San Francisco Firm of
Printers.
STOEY TOLD BY HIS WIFE.
The Other Partner Says That Mrs-
Acres' Fears Are Not Borne
Out by the Facts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 3. j
Mrs. R. T. Acres says stie has been de
serted by her husband and she more than
fears that an elopement is the cause of her
grief. Acres is a partner of the firm of
Acres & Williams, bookbinders and prin
ters of Commercial street, San Francisco.
"I believe that it is on account of that
girl," said Mrs. Acres to-day. "For a few
years he has gradually been drawing nim
self away from home and now Stella and I
are deserted and neglected.
"When my husband left me I had just
25 cents ana I have been selling the pijgs
and chickens ever since so that we could
live. He promised that when he came
back he would have $50 for me, but he has
never returned. We were married thirteen
years ago and he was a very affectionate
husband till the firm engaged a lady book
keeper, and for several years I have heard
more of her than of anybody or anything
else.
"He used to taunt me with her musical
talent and told me she was a member of
j the Loring Club, and whenever the clud
! gave a concert he always had a plentiful
i Bupply of tickets. For several years he
! has tried to annoy me so that" I would
| leave him, but he could not do it, so he
I has evidently gone himself, though 1 do
j not believe he has gone alone.
"Lately he has been very cruel to me
I and once gave me a black eye. When lit
i tie Stella was three years old he was away
for three days and be came home one mid
night and took her away. Alter several
; months of searching I found Stella in a
| convent
"Before he left the house, three weeks
i ago, he was careful to take with him the
i picture of the firm's employes with the
| lady bookkeeper as a prominent figure. I
i believe he is now in Mexico. Before he
j left he bought some blue goggles and
1 heavy hob-nailed shoes, quite different
I from anything he had ever worn, and he
has not yet returned with that $50. His
i absence has interfered with the firm's
i business and his partner is as anxious to
! see him as I am."
The Acres' home is a very pretty, well
j furnished place, but Mrs. Acres and Stella
are dependent on the sale of a chicken or a
pig for their maintenance.
Mr. Williams, the partner of Acres, said
to-day that Acres is in Mexico. "I have
heard from him since he left," said Mr.
Williams, "and I expect he will return
{ soon, though I cannot say when. The
I bookkeeper is Miss Marion Morton of
! Berkeley, and she went on a vacation
I some weeks ago. She is at present in the
! country, but I do not believe that Mrs.
i Acres' fears are correct. This is not a
| matter for everybody to poke into any
| bow, and I don't want to talk anyhow."
Mrs. Acres says that she will commence
|an action for divorce. She claims to have
proofs of her story, and believes that Mr.
Williams knows a great deal more than he
I is willing to telL
QUEER TURQUOISE MINE
Some Beautiful Gems Brought
Here for the Mechanics'
Fair.
Said to Bs the Only Real Turquoise
on the Continent— Used for
the Spanish Crown.
There is at the Grand Hotel a large
quantity of turquoise, brought here from
a mine on the mesa between the main
chain of the Rocky Mountains and the
Watermelon range in New Mexico. The
exact location of the mine is eighteen
miles south of Santa Fe. The mine is very
old, having been worked since the early
part oi the sixteenth century. It is said
Auction Sales
FURNITURE_MD CARPETS.
THIS DAY,
Friday....... September 4, 1896,
— 11 o'clock a. m., at....
1057 Market Street, Opposite Jones,
WK WILL SKI.L
THE CARPETS OF 4-O ROOMS.
Removed from 737 Market Street.
Also: One Steinway & Son Grand Piano, 7 Mag-
nificent Parlor Suits: 1 Elegant Wardrobe, made
by hand, cost $250; some Very Handsome Bed-
room Suits; 'lurklsh Lounges; Dining-room Sets,
as good as new; Folding Beds. Bed Lounges: 1
Success Folding Bed, cost $I'Jj ; Willow Rockers,
Chiffoniers. Mattresses, Bankeis, Pillows, Paint-
ings, Ornaments, Kitchen Ranges and Tables,
Linoleum, etc.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
Formerly M. J. Simmons.
1057 Market st,. opp. Jones.
that from it some of the finest jewels of the
Spanish crown were taken.
The turquoise has been brought here to
be cut into jewels and to be forwarder to
New York. The turquoise is worth from
$5 to $15 a carat in the rock, but a great
deal of the turquoise is not fit for cutting.
This is the only genuine turquoise mine,
so it is stated, in this country, the only
other one in the world being in Persia.
Three buttes rise near the site of the fa
mous mine, the approximate height above
the sea being 5700 feet.
The beautiful turquoise is attracting a
good deal of attention. One of the own
ers said in regard to it and the mine:
"This mine was discovered in the early
part of the sixteenth century, and workea
by the Spaniards, who then controlled
New Mexico, as a part of the republic of
Old Mexico.
"Underlying the three little hills, cover
ing an area o! about 150 acres, this valu
able sky-blue gem is found in narrow
seams of white talc, between porphyry on
one side and iron and copper stained rock
on the other. In the primitive days that
the Spaniards worked this mine they built
brush fires against the hard walls, which
when cooling would crack and crumble,
when tne squaws and bucks of the Pueblo
tribe of Indians, who were used as slaves
in those days, would carry off the waste
in rawhide buckets strapped to their
shoulders, climbing from an excavation
made in this slow way by a ladder made
of the body oi small pinyon trees with the
short branches left to serve for steps. Prob
ably the largest excavation of this sort
ever made is on the south slope of the
Castillian Turquoise hills. Some time in
the seventeenth century, tradition informs
us, these Indians gophered so far
under one of these buttes, without tim
bering their aperture as is done in mod
ern mining, that the side of one of the
bills slid in ana caught seventy-five to a
hundred of the Pueblo slave miners, skele
tons of which are occasionally found to
this day as proof that a number perished
in this way.
"One gem taken from this mine was
found so large, of so perfect a. cerulean
and without a single fiaw, of an excep
tional degree of hardness, that it wax
placed In the Spanish crown, and id said
to be the finest jewel of its kind ever found
in any turquoise mine.
"Since the disaster in which so many
Indian slaves perished it has been im
possible to induce any of the Southwest
ern tribes to go under ground in any kind
of a mine, but they all for some reason
reverence the stone. They cull it 'Chachi
ouita' (chah-chee-we-tab), and will trade
anything they have, even to their squaws,
for this most precious of all stones to them,
as the tradition has been carefully handed
down to the present generation, for
which there is some good proof for its
foundation.
"The easiest and most profitable trades
the white men can make witu the Pueblos,
Navajos or Mescalero Apaches for their
fine blankets, ponies and hammered silver
is with the refuse, off color aud flawed
turquoise that has no intrinsic value in
the jewel market. These Indian blankets
command a value of from $5 to $100 each,
according to size and fineness.
"In the 300 years that this famous mine
has been worked many millions have been
spent in its development.
"Some years aeo Tiffany & Co. undertook
the operation of sinking a large and deep
working shaft, but spent more than they
took out. Then others have followed the
old workings, sometimes successfully but
more often to a loss. For years Tiffany &
Co. have controlled the output of the gem
stones, which are rare and costly.
"Many people have the impression that
this peculiar stone changes color from sky
blue to a green when exposed to light
and water. The true gems are found only
in a narrow seam of the rocks in white
talc, where they are formed by lime, of
which turquoise is chiefly composed,
colored by copper and hardened by water.
Even a large percentage of these are often
too green to be valuable or are flawed.
Sometimes from fifty pounds of stones it
is impossible to get even one fine gem.
Those stones that change color may be of
the right hue when mined and without a
flaw, but when subjected to use turn green
ish. This class of turquoise comes from
the hard rock away from the talc or lime
seam and is valueless except for trading
to Indians.
"Few people know a real gem turquoise,
not even the jewelers who mount them.
The correct color is that delicate tint of
sky blue that often appears on the horizon
at sunset, and free from streaks or
fla-vs. Turquoise mining is expensive
and very uncertain. The gem stones are
rare and expensive, but wear forever if
properly selected and cut There are very
few expert judges of this jewel, and very
few lapidaries who understand cutting
and polishing them. George F. Kuntz of
Tiffany & Co. in New York is possibly the
best authority on this stone in America.
Recently the present owners opened an
exceptionally large strata of turquoise in
one of the old workings and have sent a
few pounds of the stone in the rough to
Sam Sonepfeld, a lapidary of this City, to
put on exhibition and cut into jewel shape
at his booth at the Mechanics' Fair, after
which it will be shiped to New York."
TWO FIGHTS STOPPED.
Marshal Lloyd Interfered on the Ground
That He Wanted to See No
Knockouts.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 3.— The Cres
cent Athletic Club rooms of this city were
the scene of five lively boxing bouts this
evening, two of which were stopped by
Town Marshal Lloyd. There were three
oreliminary contests and two main ones.
The first of the main fights was between
Thiro Cuneo of the Crescent Athletic Club
and Jerry Sullivan of San Francisco. The
fight was to be four rounds of three min
utes each, with the privilege of a fifth.
Four rounds were fought and Billy
Hughes, the referee, ordered a fifth. With
in half a minute of the hfth round Mar
shal Lloyd stepped into the ring and
stopped the fight, saying that he wanted no
knockouts. Hughes declared the fight a
draw. The men wanted to settle for $7 50
each, but the probability is they will get
nothing.
The second of the main contests was be
tween Allie Ebers and Oscar son
of a Berkeley professor. The contest was
to last four rounds of three minutes each.
In the middle of the fourth round Lloyd
stopped the fight as the men ware mixing
things lively and delivering long-arm jabs
at short range. Putzker had his opponent
groggy, but the battle was declared a
draw. Tnis mill was for a trophy.
Wedded at St. Mary's.
An interesting ceremony was witnessed at
St. Mary's Cathedral 'Wednesday afternoon.
John J. Kenny, the well-known attorney and
ex-Police Cours clerk, was united in the bonds
of matrimony to Miss Catherine J. Sullivan, a
charming young lady from Marysville. Rev.
Father Joseph F. Byrne, a cousin of the groom,
officiated. The groom was supported by T. F.
Graham, warrant clerk in Judge Joachimsen's
court, and Miss Mary Brady was bridesmaid.
The hapoy couple will enjoy a brief honey
moun in the country.
(US. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
THIS DAY, Friday,. September 4, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. ic , at Salesroom.
1135 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth, we will sell
STOCK AND FIXTURES OF RESTAUB ANT.
AX KLtGAXT LINK OF FURNITURE,
Carpe'.s, Stoves. Ranges, Linoleum, etc.
UIIA3. LEVY & CO., Auctioneer*.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE.
vrf^ >P?fr ;P»fr &a
TO-MORROW.
Saturday September 5, 1898,
At the EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 "\7-.awXj:E:2xrox.A. ST.,
AT 11 A. IC, WE WILL tvELL
60 Head, of Work, Driving and All Purpose
Horses; Buggies; Battery. Laundry and Delivery
Wagons, Carts, Surreys, Harness.
SALE POSITIVE— TERMS CASH,
BOLLIVAN & DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers— Office, 3a7 sixth st.
USED DIAMONDS
AS GOLD BRICKS.
New Method of Carrying
Out a Confidence
Game.
TWO ATTORNEYS BITE.
The Scheme Outlined to Jeweler
Lipka, Who Refused to
Sanction It.
NO FEAR OF PUNISHMENT.
The Operators Had Evidently Pre
pared Themselves by Reading
the Penal Code.
Oakland Office San Fbascisco Call, \
908 Broadway, Sept. 3. )
During the past two weeks some second
class diamond operators have been work
ing in this city, and several people whose
desire to get, diamonds cheap overcame
their good judgment are sorry that they
met the strangers.
The method of their work is very
shrewd, and what makes them more bold
is the fact that the law is in their favor,
and it would be impossible to convict
them.
When thay first arrived in this city they
went to E. Lipka, a jeweler on lower
Broadway, and shewed him some dia
monds. He examined them and declared
them to be genuine, and he was then asked
if he would tell anybody that called on
him that the stones were what they were
represented as being. Lipka at once de
tected that something was wrong, and re
fused to have anything to do with the
matter.
It is evident, however, that the oper
ators had better luck in some other stores,
as they were enabled to sell a lot of their
diamonds in the Blase and Moffltt block
at about twice their value.
One of the 7ictims unwillingly told the
following story to-day: "The fellows came
to me," he said, "and showed me some
handsome diamond ring.-. They told a
very plausible story of how they obtained
the stones, and as their prices were very
low I made up my mind" to purchase. I
first said I should want to consuit some
reputable jeweler and to my surprise they
readily assented. They named a very re
spectable jeweler, and when I went to
him he said he had seen the stones and
they were cheap at the price. After that I
bought some and now lam sorry. I have
no redress, however, as the stones I
bought were genuine diamonds, although
very poor in quality. They were not the
same gems that were shown to the jeweler.
"But I have no redress, because the lav/
presumes that so long as a man gets the
kind of goods he pays for he has his
eyes open and uses his judgment. No
guarantee was given that the diamonds
were the identical ones seen by the jeweler
although, of course, I naturally presumed
that they were."
Another victim is an attorney in the
same block. He paid $350 for some dia
mond rings that would have been expen
sive for $150. He is not, however, herald
ing bis experience, and ha 3 not yet told
his wife ot his "bargain."
The methods of the diamond men are so
similar to those of the gold- brick men,
whose doings have been so thoroughly
exploited, that it is surprising any one
could be found to bite in this city.
MRS. PRUSSIA'S SUICIDE.
She Spoke of Her Troubles at Home
During the Buggy Ride
With McKay.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 3.— An inquest
was held to-night into the death of Mrs.
Norma Prussia, who died yesterday after
noon. The chief testimony was that of
William McKay. Referring to his ride
with Mrs. Prussia, he said :
On the way out she told me that she had had
some trouble at home and spoke two or three
times of ending her life. She made these re
marks in a half-serious, half-joking manner,
and as she was ot a very lively disposition I
thought she was only fouling, the did not tell
me what her troubles were, and I thought
little about the matter. It was not ai Joo
DieveV place, but at a roadhouse nearer town
that I got out of the buggy for lust a moment.
She did not want to get out, ana 1 never asked
her to, but left her to hold the horse. I came
directly out and started toward High street.
We had gone a short distance when she said,
"I have taken the laudanum."
Thinking she was joking I made a joking
reply, and after we had driven some distance
further she handed me her ring and watch,
with a request that I give them to her mother.
I thought this Just a part of the joke, and even
when ncr head dropped over on to my shoul
der I had no idea that it was anything but a
pjay at fainting. We were in Alameda by this
time, and in a few minutes, when I could not
arouse her, I became frightened. We were
near Mrs. Apel's place, and as I bad been there
once before 1 drove as fast as I could for It.
When we leached there the girl was unable to
move. The people helped me carry her into
the house ana i went immediately for phy
sicians. I can assign no reason for her act
other than the one she gave me, unless it was
her ill health. She was one of the liveliest,
most vivacious women 1 ever knew, and
seemed to get all the enjoyment out of life.
After hearing the testimony of the doc
tors the jury returned a verdict of suicide.
«. — 0. — «
In 1830 the population of Chicago con
sisted of seven tv persons. Itnowamount
to about 1,300,000.
/"~"^ r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
jL*|ffl<»-"»HKAR\VST. Established
CT*lff*TbAin 1854 lor the treatment of Private
HLL?k;-JSw Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
mWb|Bß| disease wearing on bodyand mindand
tOUnraHKHH Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
Mothers fall. Try him. Charges low.
fcSSaha&Sa£SCnre«eiiarnnto«'d. Callorwiite.
Br.J, r. oiBBO.N. Box 1957, Sau Frandaca
1314
Mining
A Sonoma County man is disappointed.
He tried to dig a well for water, bat in
stead of that he struck a rich ledge of
cinnibar and will now have to do without
water.
Single men, it is reported, working for
the DeLamar (Nev.) companies are
charged $2 a month and married men
$2 50 for doctor and hospital taxes. This
creates some dissatisfaction and is
thought by some of the men to be too
hiph.
The Oroville Register says: Yesterday
at noon the Banner quartz mill began
dropping stamps, and it is said the run
will be a long continued one. There are
two tracks for conveying ore to the mill
and two big ore bins.
Everything has been fitted up in the
very best shape to handle the rock to ad
vantage.
At Butte, Mont., August 19, Peter Ryan,
foieman of the St. Lawrence mine, the
property of the Anaconda Company, and
Jack Campbell and John Manning, two
miners, were killed about 5:30 o'clock last
evening by a fall of the cage irom the top
of the mine to the bottom of the shaft at
the 1200 level.
On August 20 George B. Cauley, secre
tary of the Cariboo Mining Company,
while returmne from Camp McKinney,
British Columbia, with nearly $11,000
worth of gold bullion, was held up and
robbed by a masked man.
The following advertisement appears in
a Redding (Cal.) paper: -'Placer mine,
two claims, coarse gold, garden and small
orchard weil fenced, 200 feet of sluices,
mining and other toolf, clear title, for sale
on account of departure for only $65."
William Reagan, who lately returned
from a trip to Gibsonville, says that it is
believed by tbe owners of the Taber tun
nel that the pay itreuk will be reached
very shortly. Tde tunnel is now in 1100
feet. In tne Slate Creek mine sixty men
are employed. Times are generally good
about La Porte and Gibsonville.
The Venus mine at Canipo Seco, for
merly operated by Casey & Crocker of San
Francisco, has Deen reopened by C. G.
Leisinski. a Chicago capitalist. A force of
men working two shifts are employed in
sinking a shaft. A hoist will be erected in
the near future, as it is the intention of
the present management to sink to a depth
of 500 feet. — Calaveras Citizen.
Salt Lake capital, under the manage
ment of Colonel Woodrow, has been in
vested in the Peirano mine, situated two
and a half miles from Angels, on the Car
son road. This company bonded the
property for a year's time, at the expira
tion of which an extension of five months
was granted. The developments meeting
with the expectations of the operators re
sulted in the sale beine consummated at
ban Andreas last Saturday.
Tiie Amador Queen No. 2 was stopped
by Mr. Gouid a day or two this week on
account of the Supreme Court reversing
the decision of Judge Gottschalk in their
case, and to-day the mine will start up
again under a new management. — Ama
dor Republican.
The Oroville Reporter says: Four men
are employed at the Burwell mine and
four men will be addeu this month. It is
rumored that the San Francisco company
who own this mine will build a new road
to it and will erect a quartz mill upon the
property during the present summer.
Monday last in the office of the County
Clerk of San Francisco articles of incor
poration were filed of the Gold Bank Mmm
c Company, the capital stock being
$1,000,000. All of the stock is owned by
the members of the family of the late W.
W. Stow, and they constitute the board of
directors. There are at present 125 men
working in tbe mine and mill and 143
tons of ore crushed daily.
The Jefffirs mill at St. Elmo, Colorado,
was burned July 10. The fire, no doubt,
was started by an incendiary, as threats
were made by a gang of hobos. It was in
sured for $20,"000. It cost $45,000. The mill
was closed down at the time of the fire.
A big strike is reported by the Tin Cup
(Colorado) Times. It is on Cross Moun
tain. The vein is from two to five feet
wide. Assays from different openings
give a value of $200 gold per ton. It was
discovered by Mr. Miller of Denver.
A discovery has been 'made near Hog
Creek, Grants Pass, Or., of an immense
bed of red porphyry, which, although
showing no vein matter, gives $22 per ton
free gold, as well as other metals, some of
which is thought to be platinum, which is
unlikely, as platinum is seldom, if ever,
lound in porphyry.
There are rumors about Nevada City of
a very rich find in close proximity to" the
town that, when known, is going to as
tonish the community and make the for
tunes of the lucky discoverers. Several
persons, presumed to be interested, are
looking very wise and acting very myste
riously. The stories are that almost pure
metal, all ready for the mint, has been
found. Nevada evidently does not intend
to be left when stories are afloat of big
finds elsewhere. Sensational yarns of
million discoveries are now in order
N.-xt.
One of the largest placer mining deals,
says the Democratic Times, ever made in
Union County, Or., was consummated last
week. The property is the extensive
placer grounds located on the heauwaters
of tbe Grande Ronde River. A number
of locations', which cover a distance of
about six miles, were syndicated last year
and French capital interested, resulting
in this deal. About $200,000 changed
hands.
There is a wonderful amount of work
going on in the Trail Creek district, says
the Spokesman Review. It is said that
never in the history of mining in the
Northwest has development gone ahead
more rapidly. The iarge amount of ma
cli.nery which has gone into the country
during the last few months and the quan
tity ordered certainly give the camp the
stump of permanency. It also shows the
faith mining men have in the district.
With machinery a greater amount of de
velopment can be done and the returns
are more rapid. If the veil could be lifted
from the future it would surprise even
•• hose who are accustomed to surprises in
that wonderful country.
According to the report of the Califor
nia Bureau of Mines Siskiyctii County
ranks second in the State in the number
men employed in the mining industry,
with 1849 miners, Nevada County being
first with 2039 employed. It stands fourth
in the list of gold producers, its product
being $1,000,000 in 1895.
The Oregon Chronicle-Times says: Min
neapolis parties have paid $5000 to close
\ho deal for the purchase of the Columbia
mine on Cracker Creek, Baker County.
The balance of the $75,000 will be paid in a
short time.
The five state banks of Austria. France,
Germany and England have increased
their gold reserves since 1880 from $700 -
400,000 to $1,555,600,000.
The Victor Record eives the followins
definitions of tbe terms used by mining
men for the benefit of the "tenderfoot":
Ore— Sometimes spelled oar; something a
rich syndicate will stick iv wnen a poor man
is about to patent a good clnim.
Lode — More properly spelled load; tome
thiiiK ft prospector carries around town with
him when he sells out a hole for a thousand
dollars, more or less.
Vein or Vain— The hope of the tenderfoot
when he goes around breniting up building
stoni- and looking for $20 pieces on the inside.
Whim — The peculiar inclination sometimes
felt by a miner to rest when the foreman is
somewhere else.
Windlass— The condition of a man after fall
ing down a filty-foot shaft.
Contact— A contact is a touch, and a touch is
what the tenderloot makes on the home folks
when he learns that mining means work.
Air drill— The homeward journey of the
busted tenderfoot on a menu composed chiefiy
of atmosphere.
Lead— Something each miner wants when
the whistle blows to quit work.
A true fissure— The mining-broker who lives
by catching suckers.
Country rock, or old country rock— The
shamrock.
The Mariposa Miner says the custom
mill at Grovcland owned by £. James has
been compelled to shut down on account
of water. Does it not mean for want of
water?
Recently W. A. Nevills, one of the
owners of the famous Rawhide mine, in
Tuolumne County, took down in a bugs;y
$137,000 in bullion, the result of a three
weeks' run. Later he took down the same
way $92,000. Nevills is accompanied on
these trips by a shotgun messenger.
The new 60-stamp mill at the Alaska
Mexican mine, on Douglas I Island, is
nearly finished and will add materially to
the bailiion product. The 30-stamp mill
of the Juneau Milling Company of Alaska
is giving good results.
The mill at the Nebraska mine on Cherry
Creek, Siskiyou County, commenced
crushing $50 ore lately. The company is
also sinking a shaft to work the rich
gravel in the bed of the creek and is em
ploying about thirty-five men.
The business men of Perris, Riverside
County, are talking of putting in a stamp
mill to do custom work for the different
mines around that locality. Much interest
is manifested. There are numerous claims
around Perris, and it is said tnat a mill
would be well patronized.
A new enterprise will soon be inaugu
rated in Shasta County. O. E. Clark, rep
resenting the General Electric Company of
San Francisco, arrived in Redding re
cently and immediately drove to the old
Calumet mill, in Old Diggings, where he
will make arrangements for the construc
tion of a large electric plant, capable of
generating 300 horsepower, at the old mill,
and will be operated by the Spring Creek
water power belonging to that property.
The Omaba Mining Company has pur
chased the property of the Homeward
Bound Mining Company, which consists
of the Homeward Bound, Wisconsin, Illi
nois and two other locations. This news
is glorious to all of Nevada County, for it
means the opening up o; valuable ground
long since idle, ana the employment of
many more miners in this district.
The quartz miners in every part of Siski
you County have done better this year
than usual and a number of new and
promising ledges have been discovered.
The great difficulty with quartz mining !
has always been the expense of getting
tbe ore to a miil for crushing, but a num
ber of small mills have been erected dur
ing the past year, which have been the j
means of opening up several good paying
ledges.
Very few mines hare changed bands in
Southern California for the reason that
fabulous prices are beint; asked before any- I
thing is done to show up the property. I
Two soud sales have been made and this
has aroused the miners to tbe necessity of {
showing up the ledge.
A Suggestion to Mine-Owners.
The following communication contains
some suggestions of interest to mine-own
ers and no doubt their adoption would, a 9
the writer says, lead to the investment of ,
a good deal of capital in the State, as well
as be of advantage to the mine-owner.
There is doubtless a great deal of truth i
in the complaint made by our correspon- |
dent of the proneness of owners to exag- '
gerate the value and richness of their j
mines, which examination fails to sub
s tan t late:
Chicago, August 20, 1896.
Editor Mining Department Call— Dear Sir: I
am much interested in the mining news put)- '
lished in The Weekly ("all. and take the ;
liberty of offering some suggestions, through i
your columns, which, if acted upon by your j
mine-owners, would lead to the investment of j
a good deal of working capital from abroad. I <
can speak from personal knowledge as to the I
views of capitalists hereabouts on this ques
tion.
Firstly, I desire to speak of the tendency of
i mine-owners to send out statements greatly
j exaggerating the value aud richness of their I
mines, and which examinations fall short of j
verifying.
At the request of clients desirous of invest- j
ing capital in yourmines.l have recently gone i
to tbe expense of having examinations made j
of mines in your State la three instances, on the I
representations of owners, in none of which j
did the mines justify the statements or invent- !
ment which has had the effect to discourage j
any effort in your direction.
There is scarcely a limit to the capital that I
would be invested in California mines it I
owners would be willing to share the risk with '
the investor on a plan something hkethie: i
Where a mine seemed to justify the invest- :
ment, when a price for the property is agreed
upon, the capitalist to make a small cash pay
ment then to go to work and develop the min-.-,
subsequently supply a plant and proceed to '
work the mine, paying the owner 25 per cent '
of the gross results until the property was
paid for. The advantage is to the mine-owner,
H he has his mine developed without any cash
ootlav on his part, and is in the receipt of a
regular income until the full price is |>aid.
When your mine-owners show a disposition
to sell their mines on such equitable terms |
there will be no lack ol capital to develop
them, and many of our cupltalists stand ready
to furnish it. Very truly yours, J. D. L.
MUST EXPLAIN FEES,
Judge Slack Refused to Allow
the Charges in the Howard
Black Case.
Watchmen Whose Services Must Be i
Described Before Their Bills
Are Approved.
The Howard Black insolvency case was \
a^ain unuer consideration in Judge Slack's
court yesterday, and incidentally Sheriff !
Whelan received a setback in the matter
of fees.
When the matter came up on Tuesdny
last, on an order to show canse why the
Sheriff should not pay certain money re- !
ceived from a sale of goods belonging to j
Black to Black's creditors, that official '
presented a big bill for fees. Attorney j
Samuels disputed the bill and the matter I
went over until yesterday.
The fees claimed by Mr. Whelan's depu- j
ties were $12 for four days' services as
keeper's fees, $45 for fifteen days' watch
man's fees, $20 attorney's fees and 7 per
cent on the price realized for the goods
sold, as receiver's fees.
Judge Slack allowed $8 for keeper's fees,
at $2 per day, which is what the new fee
bin allows. He cut out the item of $20 for
attorney's fets and the 7 per cent for the
receiver, but said that he thought the
bheriff entitled to something for selling
the goods. As to the $45 asked for recom
pense for a watchman, the matter was
tak-n under advisement.
On Tuesday his Honor took exception to
the manner in which the Sheriff keaps
track of tne services performed by the
keepers^ind watchmen employed by him
and asked yesterday that the matter be
explained to him. Deputy O'Connor tried
to tell how there had been a watchman on
duty during the fifteen days charged for
but lailed to convince Judge Slack that
such was the case. The court said that if
tbe Sheriff does not do business in a busi
nesa-hke way and furnish evidence that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
the men be charges for actually render
service he will in future refuse to allow
any of his bills for such items.
The matter will be finally decided on
Monday next.
«—« — « — •
Homo Rule and Good Government.
San Francisco has now an opportunity to
assert herself in favor of home rule and good
! government. Let the friends of the new charter
i rally in full lorce at the first mass-meeting
| under the auspices of the Citizens' Charter
Association at Metropolitan Temple to-night. *
•• — —
Blew Out the Gas.
Antonio Manabosa and Joaquln Crofo rented
a room at 507 Bush street early yesterday
morning, and when retiring blew out the gas.
They were found unconscious in bed and
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where they
soon recovered. They had not been accus
tomed to having gas in their bedrooms.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BT7SINKB9 OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam>
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
sight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6SO Montgomery straei,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street* «pm
on til 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, op»n until 9:30 o'clock-
I
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
WtZZS* YER B A BUEN A LODGE OF *&.
&*& Perfection No. I— Stated meeting Xf
I THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, September f\
4th, at 8 o'clock. ,Jy\-
GEO. J. HOBF, Secretary. <=*&«&
f^3=» REGULAR MEETING OF x «7 aT
I Wf~& the Caledonian Club THIS A. iMJ/J
EVENING at 8 o'clock, Scottish Hall, -ifiklSp
lllLarklnst. D. R. McNE ILL, Chief. '•BSNT
James H. Di'ncax. Secretary.
B^2f* ATTENTION! MASS-MEETING OF
Qr~* the Pacific Coast Shoeworkers' Union
FRIDAY EVENING, September 4, 1896, at
9151/ a Market st.. at 8 o'clock sharp. All our fellow-
craftsmen and well-wishers are cordially invited.
jttrSp A - O. H. B. OF E.— A SPECIAL MEET-
*^* y ing of the county board of San Francisco
and Alameda will be held in Irish-American Hall
THURSDAY EVENING, September 3, at 8 r. v.
As business of Importance will come up before the
meeting a full attend -nee is requested.
THOMAS J. NORTON. State Secretary.
*^S» DR. <?YRUS iEKD, FOUNDER OF
m*JP Koresbanity, will lecture on "I" he Coming
Crisis" in hall four, 102 O'Farrell st., FRIDAY
EVENING: also Sunday ernoon at 2:30: ad-
mission free. ..:.■-■■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BKS» DR. ALBERT ABRAmT^A3~r£
t**& moved his offices to 784 Geary st
&-"&' DR. G. E. SI.'SSDORFF HAS REMOVED
i*-^ his office* to 22^ Geary su, rooms 1 and 2.
ge^S* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
*--^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Hontgy su. room 6. Te*. 6580.
«r~S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3. COOK.
Br~& Lav and Collection Office, 1023 Market su
' SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
C" R. HANSEN A CO., 10 GEARY ST^
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, Dhone or mall us your ortiers: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
R-. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
\\ ANTED — SITUATION BY AMERICAN
» » woman to do general housework; Is good cook
! anl laundre-s: no objection to short distance In
i country. Address W. S., box 97, Call.
ESPECTaBLE WOMAN WISHES SlTUA-
tiontodo general housework; good cook and
I laundress: Jewish family preferred: many years'
; references. 364 Jessie sU
MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WISHES POBl-
tion as working housekeeper la widower's
family or care for elderly lady: thoroughly compe-
tent and reliable: city or country. Address F. M..
box 138. Call Office. ' '
anted— by native Parisian girl,
situation as governess. Call or address \\\,
Young Women's Christian Association, 1221 '
] O'Farrell st.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG LADY TO
O take entire charge or 1 or 2 children; wages
$25; speaks English and German. Address 2244
Howard su
"W ANTED— YOUNG" WOMAN WITH BUST-
»» ness ability wants chance to work 4 or 5 hours
evenings; can act In any capacity; date particu-
lars. C. C, box 4, Call Office.
I-URST-CLASS COOK WANTS SITUATION,
X 1 institution, hotel or restaurant; take full charge
| of kitchen; can cook for 200; best of references. I
Address MRS. OI.KSON. 1020 Mission st.
STRONG, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO
do washing, ironing, cooking or housecleaning
by the day. MRS. CURTIS, 8367 Twenty-sixth.
I near Mission. , '
I pOMPETENT AND RELIABLE GIRL
\J wishes situation to do general housework pri-
vate family In country. 2633 Eighteenth st., near
Guerrero.
I VV ANTED-BY LADY WITH CHILD HOME
■ *» out city, no difference where; Rood cook and
housekeeper. 67.. Minna St., downstairs.
' A MEKIC.AN WOiIAN WISHES SITUATION
] X*. as housekeeper or do chamberwork in hotel
; Address 11 Polk su
! MEAT GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE SITU-
■ Xi anon at upstairs work and waning. Call 416
. Jones st. ■■■_' ■;• ...
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
kJ woman In German family to do general house-
I work. Address W. R.. box 89. ibis office.
j \\r ANTED-BY COMPETENT LAi>Y AGENT
I »' agency for article which sells on sight. State
j particulars 8., box 21. Call offl c.
p EKMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION at
VJ washing and ironing; reference given. Address
! 55S Minna st.
GOOD GERMAN COOK WOULD LIKE 81TU-
r atlon in small family. Call 416 Jones au
| ANTED — REFINED AND EDUCATED
j " mlddle-aifed German widow deaires posi-
I tion as housekeeper, matron or ladles' companion •
| is also competent to teach German: no objection 16
, taking care of children; reliable references given
: and required. Address ABC, box 16, Call.
MIDDLE - AGED AMERICAN WOMAN
wishes situation as chambermaid; is expert-
, enced and competent: good references. Address
or call bet. 12 and 2 at 106 1 ayl. r »v, room I. |
E FINED AND COMPETENT YouNG I
woman wishes position as companion, care of
invalid or children; references. Call or address
Advertiser, 701 Stockton it, ;...-,
"youNG girl wishes situation TO DO
X chamberwork and sewing, or assist lv kitchen
If necessary. Call or address 100 i Mason su
■ V~ OUNO GIRL (LATELY FROM THE EAST)
! X wishes situation to do second work and sewinii
| or take care of children. Call or address 1234
j Mission su .
G"~ ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
r day washing or housecleaning. 'J59 Stevenson
su. beu Third and Fourth.
A MERICAN LADY WISHES TO TAKE
jell care of invalid or go out nursing. 617 Twentv-
fourth St., nr. BartletU y
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS TO DO HOUSE-
I cleaning by the day; $1. MRS. HILS, 148
Sixth su, room 91.
ELIABLE YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN
wishes a situation to do sew in? and chamber-
work (second girl). Address 1916 Howard st.
T OU NO RKVINED CREOLE WIi.OW DE^
-I sires a position as housekeeper. Please call
j 917 Market st. room 19, >«, ond floor.
ENTB' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 MarkeU
OITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
O German woman to do cooking in private fa*m-
lly; best references given. Ad. 627 V 3 Birch aye.
RKSSJiAKtR WISHKS ENGAGEMENT
XJ by the day, or will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 653
| Folsom st.
i VIRST-CLASS HAIR-DRESNER AND M^Nl-
j 11.D U rbo t x B m, Can l o'ffice 8 . " reB ' denCe - Address
yOU.VG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUA^
il3sFlorldf e su eral housework. Call or address
11 So r lurida su
L,Y YOUNG GIRL JUST FROM IRELAND, TO
X» do general housework. Call at 26 ""wold su
ostß^s aDd Nlnth> iolsom and Harrison; no
i COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
1 f o ho usework b y the day; references. Apply
j at 1342 fork su, bet. Webster and Fill more.
! VV l? V . tlK: *™ li HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR?
i Market: 200 rooms: 25 ° to $1 6" pe^r night;
; $1 60 tof6 per week; convenient and respectable:
>r»<» bus ana hnerarcto and from the terr'-.
— A " ANTEI> - MALE -
HUNTER A CO.. CHINE«E~AND' "jAPX
nese employment office. 17 Webb su, below
.Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.CYoUNG, mgr
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
0 best help. 314b Butter St.; tel. Grant 30.
C!£M* NE? ' X AND JAI'ANI-.SE HKLIABLE
'help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY «CO.. 840 Clay.
pHINESK AND Japanese EMPLOYMENT
\J offlcn: lieln. 414 V, O'l-'arrell; ip|. K. 4_'i
YOUNG MAN, AMPLE BUSINESS EXPERT
J- ence, uractlcal bookkeeper, obliging, of good
addn-ss and appearance, no bad habits, industil-
«u, recently from the East, would like situation-
If you have anything kindly ply- me an Inter!
view. Address * box 47, this office.
\\r ANTED — SITUATION. BY PRACTICAL
» » gardener, with long experience In all branches
of nower. landscape gardening and nursery, to take
ctiorge of private place; best recommendations
from last place. Address Gardener, box 10.', Call.
K Y . YOU:<G ENGLISHMAN, WITH GOOD
XJ references from England, employment In an
Oakland store with the option of buying a share in
the business after a few months' trial. Address
P. THOMAS, Dlmond P. i>., Alameda Co. """**
SCOTCHMAN, STEADY, WISHES POSITION
j to run steam boilers; can also run engine. Ad-
drers Engineer, box 97. Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
STEADY YOUNG MAN DESIKKS SITUA-.
tlon tomuke himself useful on private place:
understands care of horses, cows and garden; is
willing and obliging: first-class references. Ad-
dress s. G., box 85, Call Office^ -
OOKKEKPKR OR OK FIC WORK; 10
years' experience; salary noocject: no objec-
tion to country. Address M., box 11, Call Office.
IfIRST-CLASS BARBER WANTS A STEADY
-I Saturday and Sunday job. \ Apply at DECK- ;
KLMAN BKOt>., Ellis st. ■
QITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
O cook: German: steady and sober; restaurant or I
coffee and lunch house: best of recommendations.
Addrass S. S.. box 2 % Call Offlce. '
WANTED— A SITUATION AS WATCHMAN
" or place of trust; be>t reference given. Ad-
dress a E.. box 72. this office. -
ANTED— AMERICAN MAN AND WIFE
" want situation in hotel or on ranch. Call or
address room 6. 124 Sixth sU
p OOD SHOP OR CUSTOM COAT PRESSER
;J wants a steady situation. Address B. S., box
87, this office. - ."."-■•■-'!•'
UOY 15 YEARS OF AGE WANTS PLACE TO
■*-> work for board and lodging. Apply 8 Hayes su
YOUNG MAN OF 30. STEADY AND SOBER, '
x and untiring worker, good farm, dairy and
orchard hand, would like to take care of
or work on gentleman's place or ranch: best of
references and seiurtty. E. M.. box 61, CalL
IDPLE- AGED MAN WANTS PLACE
with private family; used to borses, garden
and cooking; useful in general: references: wages
moderate. Adaress A. X., box 60, Call Office.
(UJ 1 A WILL GIVEN To ANY ONE WHO
W-l V/ will find gentlemanly young man from the
East work of any kind In office or store: not afraid
of work: can furnish $100 cash security If re-
quired. Address Security, box 68, Call Office.
SCANDINAVIAN WISHES SITUATION
0 thoroughly understands management of fine
horses, gardening, milking, general work; 10
years on the coast; good references. J. N., 418
Broaiway, city.
l/ARBEKS— SITUATION" BY YOUNG MAN,
* ' Address CARL, box 132, this office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
NGINEKR: STATIONARY AND LOCOMO-
J-i live; all-round machinist; can do plumoing,
blacksmith In jr. pipe-fitting: wants work; moderate
wages. Address W. H., box 18. Call Office.
uov wants situation to learn a
XJ trade. Please write L. B y 30 Minna sU
IT U ATION WANTED AS GARDENER, LAB-
-0 orer, vegetable garden or to take care of horses.
Inquire 728 Chestnut St., Oakland.
"YOUNG MAN, SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X Spanish, wishes position of any kind. Address
D. P.. box 68. Call office. _^^^^
HAMPOOER SITUATION WANTED. G. S.,
0 box 15, Call Office.
C COMPETENT MAN WISHES PLACE AS
\J foreman on farm or stock ranch: northern
part of state preferred; married; no children. Ad-
dress G. A. F., Vlsalia, Cal .
COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
VJ engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer. 1189 Market sU. S. F., Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; SI 60 to $6 per
w«-ek: fre- :,fi 8 a ryi baggage to ami from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, BOARDINR-HOUSE, $35: 20 HOUSE-
work girls, city and country, $20 and $25: 8
young girls, assist., $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sntter su
GERMAN NURSRRY GOVERNESS, $25. I
X MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter sU
pIRL, LIGHT WORK, $12 TO $16: SECOND
VX girl. $20. MISS CULLKN, 323 sutler st.
IDPLK-AGED WOMAN, ASSIST KITCH- 1
en, hotel. Hnmboidt County, $15: fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT NURSEGIRL, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. ,
VTEAT GIRL AS SEAMSTRESS AND GOV-
-i-i erness to girl li year*. $20. MISS CULLEN,
3-23 Sntter st.
GIRL TO LkARN DRESSMAKING AND DO
r light housework, $12. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sntter st.
IRL AS NURSE; SLEEP HOME: $15. MISS "
VT CULLEN. 323 Sntter st.
I.<i»LK-.\GEL> WOMAN. HOUSEWORK, '
J.»X San a Cruz, $12, fare paid. MIS 3 CULLEN,
323 Sutter aU ■
"WANTED-ICO WOMEN. GIRLS, BOYS
" and families to pick hops for large hop com- ■
pany in Alameda: tents on the ground: pickers
can do their own cooking or get board, cheap, at
the company's board! :ie-bouse: everything first
class and reliab'e; fare $1; office fees 60c. Apply
to W. P. EWER A CO., 628 Clay st.
\\ - ANTED— NEAT G IRL iOR UPSTAIRS
» » work In nice private family in city: $20: also
wait on table: first-class pl»ce. Please apply to
W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay SU
\\- OMAN COOK, $35 AND ROOM: 2 WAIT-
" 1 esses, $15 »nd room: chambermaid and wait
at table sonic; $20 and room; girl for Twentieth
St.. 3 in family, «20, call early; girl for Minna st.,
J2O; girl for Fifteenth St.. $20. IX house girls,
$15; 13 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month, '
aaaht, etc., nice famines. MARTIN'S, 749 Markeu
\\TANTKD— N UI.BE AND UPSTAIRS, 520;
• > German and Scandinavian girls for coo* and
downstairs. $25; 2 French troners, $25 and $. c 0: 3 '
French girls f or housework: »20 and $16. young
refined nurseglrl and seamstress, $20. LEON I
AN due, 315 Stockton st. - » ■; -
\y OMAN TO DO COOKING, SMALL RANCH, j
»" $16. fare paid; waitresses, chambermaids,'
cooks and housework girls. MLR KAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay. ■
,{ IiIRLS, COOK AND HOUSEWORK. $20: 7
1 assist, $10 to $15. Apply J. P. JOHNSTON A
CO.. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
O COOKS. $25 AND $30; 8 GIRLS FOR HOUSE-
-0 work. MRS. lIIRD, 721 Kills st.
pIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
: VX various positions. German Employment, 306
31 ason st.
W A XTED— YOUNG LADY TYPEWRITER
• ' who has h-<d experience with law work; must
furnish machine. Call Friday at 3 p. m., WM. J.
lIKKKI.N, 416 Montgomery st.
pROTKSTANT~O IRL: HOUSEWORK: NO ■
X wash; wages $10, Before 11 a.m. 2051 1/2
Mission ■ t.
GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
r sleep home. Call in the morning only, 1306
Ellis sU • * '
W ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work and couklng: small family; must hare I
references. Apply 9to 12, 2108b Post st. |
DR M A KEHS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
for families; waist and skirt hands -or shops;
positions free. McDoWELL, 636 Market.
pißi* Wanted for general house- i
VJ worK and plain cooking: wages $20. 2276
Fifteenth at., bet. Noe and Castro. .
HOM E FOR YOUNG GIRL OR WOMAN;
board, lodging, small wages. At cottage, 11 ,
>-s ex su, near Second and Folsom. |
EXPERIENCED APPRENTICES ON CUS- |
XJ torn coats. 14 McAllister St., room 19. I
GIRL TO HELP HOUSEWORK; FAMILY OF !
two; $8. Call 10 to 12. 2631 Sacramento au j
COMPETENT GIRL FOX GENERAL HOUSK-
/ work and cooking. 1622 Golden Gate aye.
Gr.iiMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOU&E-
work in a s mall family at 1904 Sutter st.
OUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; assist with child. 2216 Bosh St.
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1307
VX Octitvia st
WANTED— A MAKER: MILLINERY. 248
Sixth st.
pi A NO-PLAYER WANTED AT 770 HOW-
■I ard su
pIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
VX must be neat: $10. 112j Leaven worth.
ir<UR OPERATOR WANTED. COLOMBAT'B,
J 113 o'Karrell aU ■ - '
I)EFINED LADY' UNDER 28 (UNINCUM-
t be red ) as artist's model. R. L., box 28, Call.
f\ PERATORS AND FINISHERS ON CUSTOM
V-> coats. 604 Jessie at., near Seventh.
U r ANTED— LADY SPEAKING ENGLISH
" and German to take entire- charge of a child 4
years old at hotel; no other duties. Address with
references, which must be strictly first class, S.
C, box 114, <. aIL
\\f ANTED— DUESSMAKERB TO CALL AT
*' M. BEILER <fc CO.'S. 8 Stockton su, near
Market, where they can find the best assortment
of dress linings, etc.. at lowest prices.
\KI ANTED— ONLY A FIRST-CLASB OPE-
" rator on corsets; high wages; Singer iiewlne-
machine used: run by electric nower. 1388 Markeu
WONTED-COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL
'' tor cooking and housework. 8.'4 Grove st.
GIRL. OVER 18, FOR CANDY-bTORE. 706
Valencia st.
KSPONBIBLE WOMAN: A GOOD CONVER-
sa-.lonist preferred. Add. I* L., box 18. Call.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL" OVERSHIRTS
V/.and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32V»
}remont su ' '
1 ADIES TO SELL MY TOILET BPECIAL-
XJ ties; can learn halrdresslng, manicuring and
beauty culture free, MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post au
HAIK-DnEsSING; MANICURING LEI-SONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell su. 105 9th.
"LJ AIRUUES4INU. 250 AND «5o: MoKNINU
audeveciasset; 101eg«Qns,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
pUPILS FOR MILLINERY CLASS FORMING
x this season; thorough and practical; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; rates reasonable or in payments.
■Miss Daisy Haake, 14 Cbattaiooga aU, betweeen
I wenty-first and Twenty-second.
I^LYNN'S DRKSS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days tree: 2to 3. 14 McAllister; room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
,r*x Winchester House, 44 Third eu, near Market:
*0U rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
j^r we' ■■- tree 'our- anil hogirav-f ioan'l from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
W ANTED— A COOK FOR FIRST-CLASS
11 country hotel, $65, see boss here, 9 a. k.:
waitors, $25 and $20: 2 butlers, $40 and $30:
dlsliwashers, $16; assistant pastry cook, $20;
>rench second cook, $30. LEON ANDRE, 815
Siockton st.
- HEtP TED— Conttnned.
TirA.VTKD— HO FOR THE HOP FIELDS!
»» 100 men, women and children for large hop
company in Alameda County : tents on the ground
pickers can do their own cooking or get cheap
board at company's boarding-house; fare $1: of-
fice fee 50c. Apply to W. D.' EWER A CO., 626
\y ANTED-BAKER FOR NICE COUNTRY
'» shop, $4;, and found: baker, small country
shop, $30; wait«r-boy, country hotel, $16: 3 men
for hay press, 20c per ton; 3 f: rm laborers, $28
per month and board: boy for a factory in city, $3
per week; also farmers, milkers, hop-pickers,
c ok ». waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER
«fc CO.. 626 Clay st.
\Y A a TED-COMPETENT STENOGRAPHER
« and typewrit -r, young man.for largo vineyard
company ii, California, salary $30 per month;
cooa home and steady employment. Apply with
reference to W. p. EvVKit A CO.. 626 Clay su -
Engineer for A donKi-.y ENGINE,
J-i country, $60 and round, must ha-ve experience
in a rock quarry; 2 carpenters, $2 50 a day; char-
f.° i» 'V! rner - * a B and found; milker, country, $30.
C R. HANSKN A CO., HO Geary sU
"DEAD COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL: SECOND
J-J- cook, country hotel, $30: cook for a tugboat,
It P^Pprterfor a saloon, city, $20. C. R. HAN-
<fc CO., 110 Geary su
WAITER for an institution, COUN-
.' , try- $25: young man to assist In kitchen for
an institution, country, $15. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., lip Geary su
pOACHMAN WHO KNOWS THE CITY
rY*V l ? roU)snly and nas first-class refer nces: $30
Uefr ■ and found. C. R. HANoEN A CO., 110
\jcary st.
AJEaT YOUNG WAITER FOR A CLUB, $40;
0 l ou "' r . wi y i »- references private family, $40.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
FS^v C^ t ' UkP ' COUNTRY HOTEL. C. R.
-«- HANSEN A PP., lip Geary sU
200 MORE HOP-PICKERS, 80C PER 100
~yy P, 0 ? 008 : 3 milkers $20: 5 teamsters for
ranch: 6 farmers, $20; 3;men to dig a large well;
choren.en for a vineyard; 20 tlemakera. MUR-
KAY A READY, Leading Employments Agents.
Ojj FRUIT- PICKERS, $20 AND $23 PER
r! im 1 ? 01 ■ nd found : blacksmith for a mine,
m i?S. 7 Bn i foun(l: to? for a private family, $6.
MLRiiAY A READY, .u >aain>t Employment
Agents 634 and 636 Clay su
DA.NTRYMAN, COUNTRY HOTEL, $25 AND
X found; 3 cooks, $30 and $40; pantry for a
country hotel, $25. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents,, 634 and 636 Clay at.
AX TED-SAWMILL BLACKSMITH: LA-
" borers, $1 75 a day: partner in butchershop:
house painter. $2 60 day;harneismaker. $8 a week
and room: farmer and wife; butler, $35; cooks
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 628 Sacramento su
TJANCH HAND FoR FRUtf RANCH; 8
■H dishwasti.rs; 5 waiters, s2o and room; waiter,
$3° and room, dress suit: 2 middle-aged men for
choring, etc. ; second cook, $6 a week ; waiter, $4
a week and room; 2 Japanese for cleaning, etc.
MAR UN'S, 749 Market su
TTAY I'RESSER. 12c A TON AND BOARD; 2
XX laborers for mine, $20 and board; coal miners,
f,, ton: cn ° « boy; dishwasher, $16. R. T.
WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay aU
A T ONCE— 3OO HOP-PICKERS, MEN,
xi women and families, for Pleasanton: tents
rented it required; reduced fare; no office fee; firit
lot leaves Sunday, (state Labor Bureau, 325 Sut-
VBT St* ■r - • • : f
BYTi LEK Ar P R i VATE FAMILY, $85. MISS
XJ CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
20 BARBERS FOR KXTRa JOBS AT B.
X.V/ BERNARD'S Employment Bureau, 102
■Seventh st.
\\r AATr.D— AN IDEA; WHO CANTHINK OF
»» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A Co., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prtw
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted;
IMRST - CLASS CLOTHING SALESMAN
X, wanted for city trade. Those holding certifi-
cates in U. -. Industrial Agency or others can ap-
ply at room 165, Crocker building.
W ANTED— MAN TO TAKE CARE OF GAS
'» engine and run elevator: slate experience and
references. Address E. G., box a, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
X stitching and work on traveling bags. Apply
at Trunk Factory, Seventeenth and Shotwell sts.
t) ELIABLE BOY FOR DELIVERY WAGON~;
Xl> must understand butcher business. Apply City
Hall Market. 1342 Market st. '
OOD barber for Saturday AND
Sunday. 1536 Kentucky au, Potrero.
Gl OOD BARBER SATURDAY AND SUN DAY
r 804 Folsom n. : 15c shop.
I7<IRST-CLASS BARBER FOR SATURDAY*
. and Sunday. 1023 Pacific st.
ARBKR FOR SATURDAY, $3. 779 MAR-
ket su i . ■ ■-;-..;
I ARBKR wanted FOR Saturday and
iJ Sunday. 1356 Market st. .
OY wanted for DRUGSTORE. B. D.,
i-> box 137, Call Offlca
OY WANTED— COMMERCIAL COURSE IN
exchange for service. M., box 40. Call Office.
A TED— SALESMAN FOR WINK HOUSE-
_ city trade. Address C. C, box 163, Call.
BOY TO RUN ERRANDS. 14 MCALLISTER
St.. room 19. . .■
pRKSSER ON CUS .OM COATS: GOOD
■1 wages: steady Job. BELIG BROS, 108 Battery.
i. RIGHT HOY' TO LEARN TRADE. AD-
-1 ' dress box 42. Call Office, " .
ANTED — GOOD KITCHEN MAN. 1805
'» night st., Star restaurant.
p ERMAN DfSHWASUER WANTED. 1663 I
VJ Fifteenth st. ■ .■••
AN WITH $50 TO JOIN ME: MUST BE
willing to work. T., box 19. Call Office.
BARBERS, ATTENTION— I-CH AIR SHOP
for sale cheap; if sold soon, for $50; good liv-
ing- low rent. Inquire this office.
lA A.sTt-D— TAILORS TO CALL AT M. BEI-
-" LER&CO.'S, 8 Stockton st., where can be found
the best assortment of trimmings at lowest prices.
\\> ANTED— GOOD MEN TO SOLICIT 6~V
'» commission: good wages easllv made; entirely
new Idea: everybody succeeds. Address WISE.
box 64, Call Office. ■
\\rANTED-PLUMBER, TAILOR, BARBER,
'» groceryman, to rent fine stores. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market si.
CILEANER FUR DYEHOUSE. GOLDEN
\_^ Gate Dye Works, 34 McAllister sU
C CLOTHING CUTTER WANTED. 20 SAN
I some st.
BOYS, FROM~iS~TO~I7 YEARS~OF~AGE'
wanted. Apply 200_Sii«ter sU
\V ANTED.— X' FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN-
-"» well acquainted with stoves, eranlteware and
crockery. Apply from 3:31) to 6p. v. 523 Market
St.. room 7.
\\T ANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
not less than 5 leet 5 inches in height; of good
rbnracter and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recrnliing Office. 20 Ellis sU, San Francisco, CaL
/ T ERMAN GIRL WANTS AN INDUSTRIOUS
VT man as partner with $150 capital In first-class I
delicacies, butter, ecus, smoked meau cigars and !
stationery store: will guarantee $50 and board
each by doing our own work. Apply at the place.
M 4, Fourth st.. irom 9 to 4. *
WANTED— SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
st.. California House.
ARBERS, ATTENTIO'N^GOOD COUNTRY
shop can be bought for $50 down; 2 chairs; 2
baths; balance in easy monthly installments: price
$300. Call at OECKKLMaN BKQs.', 106 Ellis st.
WE WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., s. F.
VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— Single iurnlsbed rooms, nUht 16c to
60c; week $1 10 $2 &o;reading-room;strtcteatatten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all nighu
WANTED- MEN TO Li-ARN BARBKK
' ' trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue senu S. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard,
W ANTKIi— GENTLEMEN TO TAKE SUNNY
» ' furnished rooms, <1 up. 217 Second
WANTED— 50 MI-.N FOR SINGLE RoOMS;
$1 ween, 26c nighu 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
>N'S HALF-SOLING. SU&: LADUB, 40&;
done while you waiu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck's.s.F-
pLOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
v shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 959
Howard st.
IJARBERS" PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
I > AKBERS— FOK EMPLOYMENT CALL sEC.
-!-> P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHs, 325 Grant aye.
Uoolls 16c- 'lv 7bc 1-fc.R NliiJii ■; 50c: 'lv »1 5U
XV per week. Oriental, 225DrummsU
ANTE —600 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. K. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, *3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $&. 726J^j Howard bu. bet. Third and l-ourth
WI N CHESTER HOUSK. 44 THIRD S>i.,i\EAß
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading- [
room : free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
rpKY ACME HOUSE, 957 MAKKKT ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night; $1 a wees.
I INuELL HuUsE. MlJiLT±l A>l> HOWARD
J ■* ats.; single tarnished rms 76c week. 16c night.
H. — KK&iOVJtD FROM 60» CLAY TO 643
.. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c.
1 i A Miift TO take LU INC* A.T lOC. 13c
XvU and 200 a nighu Including coffM ana roll*
(24 Washington su. near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY--&ING* E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
\\! ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
* » to know »hat Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 160
large rooms: 26c per night: $1 to $3 per wees.
\\T ANTED— BINULK KOOM«, 15c A DAY: $1
'» I v-««k; - rooms for two, 260 a day, $1 6u a week;
reading-room: daily papers. S6 Clay su
MiiN '1O i)'KU,L> jiiAtlAHaiJ aiUiJK i'OOLt;
all (Tocera keen iv ..
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
en&clerks, KNOX Collection A«cy, 110 Suttar
HELP WANTED— Continued.
E ARE BHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait: ladles' solelng, nailed 35c: men a
soleing, nailed 50c.: machine-sewed 75c; hand-
sewed 65c.; fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
$2 50. 66-2 Mission st.. bet, First and Second.
a gents ante d . '
t^'normous profits— men wanted IN
XU every county on the Pacific Coast to sell the
"Lightning Scissors Sharpener": best seller to be
found; send 25c for gam pie and terms to agents.
Address E. C. STOWE, box 841, San Jose, Cal.
AGENTS; BIG money f LATEST proposi-
tlon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter st.
GENTS! BRTaX, SKWALL AND FREE
silver; McKlmey, Hobart and protection;
every voter will bay one or the other; do you want
the profit? T. PERSON, Manager .subscription
Department The Whltaker A Ray C 0.,723 Market.
~~ houses WANTED.
A^T^rT^^Elv^^JNirY^xiT^AG^^R
bouse, five or six rooms and bath; rent not to
exceed $'.?■>■ Andreas P. E.. box 'iQ. Call Office.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
ANTED-FOR THE WINTER, SMALL
sunny flat; completely furnished; near Hyde
and O'Farrell streetcars. Add. G. J., box 36, CalL
ANTED— BY OCTOBER 1, FOR FAMILY
of a ults and children, furnished house, 7 or
8 rooms, with large sunny yard; applicant re-
sponsible aud reliable, able to give security and
references; state location and price. Address F.
H., box 83, < nil Office.
HORSES WANTED.
H*~~"o^BE~wTN^E^^ : 6^^bT!LiECTOR: MUST
be young and gentle; no old worn-out plug
wanted. Address, with price. Horse nay. Call.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— 2 OR 3 HORSEPOWER GASO-
line launch. Address Launch, box 16, Call.
A RTESIAN WELL - BORERS; ESTIMATE
A wanted at 621 Sixth sU
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st.; send postal
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth sU; Bend postal.
P^LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-
\J r<r. watches repaired. MUND. 1 133^ Mission.
BICYCLES.
I""? OR BALE— i"N^W~IBII6~BIC^cIiE"s^AT^A
X sacrifice. 113 Battery su ■ • .'
V ERY FINE '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. HAWLKY, 318 Market sU
BICYCLES AND TANDEMS BELOW COBT,
to close out stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post su
I BOWLER AND BEN HUR, $60: BEN HUR
tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100;
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDKM; ALSO
1 ' single wheels. 306 Post sU
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO JUST?
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
Alilater and Powell st. car lines.
FOR SAKE-MISCELLANEOUS.
A PAIR OF SOLITAIRE EARRINGS. STEEL
whlte> erfect ' weight 3 karat, cost $500, for
$260 at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
fflOfl DOMESTIC SEWING-MACHINE; 3
ijp.lv. drawers: all attachments. 2437 Mission
sU, near Twenty-first.
©I C GOOD" UFFLEBOARD IN GOOD
<iPXU. order for sale. 1100 Kentucky, Potre ro.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BHELV-
Ing. etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
CIOFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
IjUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AMD RAT-
1 ' tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First su.
near Mission. - -
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITBR.
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 409 CaL
OILERS, ENGLNES.2D-HAND MACHINERY'
J-J waterplpes. Mclntoah A Wolpman, 137 Beal&
C" lOUNT X X S, SHELVING. tHOWUAsKS
'bars bough: A sold. 1121 y 3 Markt, bet 7th A Bta
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost: hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. 8. >'■ Baby Carriage Mfg. Ca. 442 Sixth.
p OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. BANFORD,
415 Washington sr..
0 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
Ad gine; good as new: $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
, UILDINGS BOUGHT; . LUMBER, SASHES
' doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE .Somali, MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 09. 11l Market «.
]V! E W RANGES CHEAPER THAN BKCONi>-
■Vt hand. vV. H. RAY Mfg Co.. 18 California sl
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
*viR^r^ALiCT~ < v ' '' J - -"j>j - ~~~s~~.
X I Prices stand UU goods are completely dis-
! posed of. . .
Oak bed sets ,, „„.„ , ....$lB SO
Bed lounges ; .- • a ij
Stoves 1 _ 750
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard.., . 55
Matting, per yard . 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission su. X
NOONAN. f
Af\C\ CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS. $14;
"3 \J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or goal
«snew;ra«h or time. open even) ■ - -
FURNITURE WANTED.
/VfFICE FURNIfURfci^vVILL PAY HIGHEST
\J price* for second-band office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 641) Mission sU
rpo SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTcIN,969 Howard sU ;aend postal
BUCKINGHAM FUHMTURE CO. PAYS
XI highest, price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WAN I' GOOD PRICES FOB FURJfT
ture and merchandise see BURP, -211 Larkla.
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise*
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
Ij. SIMMONS' aoc. Co., 1057 Market, pays cash
CARPET CLEANING.
OCA^aSFaT oTtE^^VESTTER^TcARPBT
0 Ceaning Works. 11 Eighth st.
ONES <fc CO.. MAIN OFFICE 26 AND 27
Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING. So.; RUG
V samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth sU
W UK.N YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
"» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioueer
i pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama su : teL So. 40.
UAKLIN'SCARPKT £ i-.ATINii WOKKii JJJ'
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPKTCLEANING.RENOVA..
) tin?, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL south 2501
pARPEJS CLEANF.D AND RENOVATED
\J like aew. FERGUSON A CO.. S3 Tenth: t*t.
*outh 36. D. MACKINTOSH *co., successors.
~| K. .MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. IIJ
'I . 14lh gu: cleaning ac a yard. Tel. Mission IL.
LOST.
flj» RE WARD^IiOST^ ABOUT 3 WEEKS
»TT> *J ago, a gold hand with chain, on which is a
gold fish, horseshoe, coral beads and white sea-
shell. Apply 1215 Clay st. . ■
.1 OST OR STRAYED, SEPT. I— A LARGE
Xj roan cow. Reward by return to Liberty Dairy
Mission road, near Five-mile House, or leave word
at SW. cor. Third md Mission sts.
\\ ' IiITK FOX TERRIER (Bl'lCH); BLACK
»» and brown head; name Fannie: reward. 820
Bryant su
OST— M. <fe W. TANDKM TIRE AT LOTTA^S
J fountain. Reward, 208 Mission.
0" N LARKIN ST.— HANDBAG; JEWKLHx""
money, papers; for God's sake retnrn- Door
widow's only possessions; liberal reward. ' »
Van Ness aye. "
-I OST-SUNDAY. ON SAUSALITu wharf!
Lj at 6:15, gold-rlmmed eyeglasses. Return to
jC. B. JENNINGS. 121 California st. " etnrn to
I OST-^EPT. 1, PAST MASTER'S BADGE A"
V. W.; reward given. Be; urn to ™
Eleventh sU, Oakland. v
\K >nTt. AND BROWN WATER SPANIEL
V> dog; named Jim. Reward at 421 Clementina^
I OST— ON m . ABK i-.T or keXrny.agold
1 ' bar breastpin containing two jewels. Pletwe re
cef^rewa'rd 3 "^ **" DeP ° Blt °«^K ™rt
FROFESSIONAL CARDS.
WRANKSHAY, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Rnmw
J *"• fourth «"or, Parrott bulldirfg^portumf
J° a H^ LA W '^fuJETTRoTJ^
TU^F^n^sS 0^ bUiWIn * ; -»«*•».
1 OHN K. AITKKN ANDMAURICK L. asHB-r"
0 attys at l»w. rms 516.516. 6,h floor. Parrot^fd^!
STORAGE. ~ ~~™
STOR AG E-CHE A PlisTlXT^E^jrrY^pTßTr
—^2°l? v il d i u KL*£^£f» midl 211 Lafkin.
LU-HNITUKIi, PIANOS, . TKUSKv" T7T
J vancea, shipping. CHAd L. TAYLOR 204 &£
A - B. SMITH FURNITURE CO. WKriN-
A. low rates: fire-proot bulldin^TKaJuru
. PHYSICIANS.
F\R- C. C. O'DONNELL, 1 2o"5Ti'ARKET Cflß"
X) Golden Gate aye. ; diseases ol "women a ,£c?°£
I )°£' T iAIL To CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
Ut» worn cases ueateu mtUfactorily brauU^
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ffl» O A a7T^2eg^n"t!wem^^tabLished
tip £\)\J\J • graining business; a rare chance for
lor 2 energetic business men: Investigation will
show it to be the finest business ever offered In
San Francisco for the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye. -
CtOAfl CIGAR-STORE; SEE IT IMMEDI-
tJj^OU. alely: best bargain offered in San Fran-
cisco. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
©1 l\f\(\ PARTNER in elegant pay-
l/UU . ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man; the fullest investigation and trial
if required: object for taking partner Is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKJ. 7 City Hall aye.
a*cii\(\ PARTNER IN stationery busi-
<JpDUU. ness across the bay: floe locality; good
slock and fixtuies: only object In taking partner
is to have interested party in the business.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hal) aye.
QUr7 lX f\ ONK OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
tj) I UU. rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty. T. LITBELSKI. 7 city Hall aye.
&t~'(\l\ FINE RESTAURANT: ONE OF
«Jp'.)Uw. the l*st locations In city; cheap rent;
receipts $20 per day: this is the bes. bargain in
the city; or will trade for good small piece prop-
ert3. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
fT!O BUY OR SELL. A BUSINI'-SSOF ANY KIND
X see MYERS A GRAHAM. 777 Market su
©»>^n RESTAURANT; JUNCTION of
tJp^UU. principal street; car lines: regular aud
transient trade: doing «ood business; (sickness),
See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market St.
ffl><;>-| PER MONTH INTEREST AND A 6-
tJP — J. room house free for an investment of $500,
which buys 2 houses and large stable. MYERS
A GRAHAM, 777 Market St. .
T)UTCHERS. ATTENTION — THE FINEST
XJ butcher-shop In San Francisco, doing a large
business; this is a bargain that will not last: In-
cluding all the utensils such a place requires: this
business is open for investigation: no reasonable
offer refused. See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777
Market st.
OJOFkfk FINE RESTAURANT AND OYSTER
fip^uJXJ. parlor: half block from Market su, la
midst of leading theaters and business house*. Sec
GRAHAM «fc MY ER3, 777 Market st.
<H» A f\C\ RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
«JP X\J \J. and bar: fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils; in the midst of the working class; fu'l lnves-
tigatlon. See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Markeu
DRUGGIST WITH $1000 TO SI SOO TO IN-
vest in money-making enterprise: $500 month
guaranteed. See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Markt.
flg I 7C CANDY-STORE AND ICECREAM
f I'"- parlor; railroad station, Oakland; first-
class paying. WILKE A WOLF, 631 California.
©1 F\o(\ CORNER BARROOM: LARGE
ifpXUXJKJ. patronage; kept by owner for 20
years; rent $36. WILKE <fc WOLF, 531 California.
<n*4^A CORNER SALOON: WATER FRONT;
•IP **-'"• good paying business: stock worth
double the price. WILKE, 631 California su
atl OHO COFFEE SALOON; CHOICEST
«ITJLV/V»V/. downtown location: doing large busl-
neas. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
flPQflfl SALOON, CALIFORNIA AND
ig)O\J\J. Kearny sts.: low rent: first-class pay-
Ing place: actual value, $1200. WILKE, 631 Cali-
fornia st.
<R1 7DO CORNER GROCERY, BAR; CALL
tiP±. I \J\J. fornlast: doing large cash business:
rare chance: Investigate at once. WILKE A
WOLF, 531 California st.
©Kfjn CORNER CROCERY AND BAR;
ig)O\J\J. living-rooms: rent $30; doing good
business; choice location. WILKIE A WOLF, 531
California st.
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 88 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block Nf
of Market su and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for Bale on reasonable terms. l- or fur-
ther particulars apply to S. BILVERBERU, 320
Hansomt St., room 39.
If OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a tine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at- •
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M., box 100. Call Office.
<2» 1 kA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
fltlVi rent $17; bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
Q»QA BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND
W<J\J. notion store; 3 rooms; rent $17; north
Market: finely fitted. SKIFF, 921 Market su
AT GREAT SACRIFICE. '
A large and complete stock of human hair
switches, front pieces, wigs, fancy goods and fix-
tures, formerly the property of MRS. HUBB
Inquire at DAVIS. ABER A CO.'S, 211 Pine tU.
or at 1310 and 1312 Market st. -
RARE BARGAIN; '" IMPROVEMENTS ON
XV chicken ranch: worth $1000; for $200: Im-
mediately; long lease: 4 acres: 5-roomea house;
$12 60 month. Inquire Postoffice, Upper Fruit-
vale, Alameda Co., for LOUIS ISAAC'S place.
IIT ANTED— ACIIVE MJi'flf AND WOMEN
»» tor permanent and paying business: worlc
light and profitable, Call at my office, T. KIND-
LECJPIRE, room 1, first floor, 1162 Franklin aU.
Oakland. »■"•■-•
13 ARE CHANCE— FRENCH LIQUOK-BTORE7
-it principal corn, r of city; old established; doing
good, steady business: must be seen to be apire-
elated; sold account of old ace. L. S., box 16, CalL
tpOR SALE— BAKEKY AND VA RIETV
X store surrounded by schools and factories; 5
rooms attached; low rent with lease; owner goej
to Europe: no agents. Inquire at Call Office.
BICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP-
well established; good location; full line 01
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanlzer; opening
for a machlnlsu 1113 Market su
GOOD CHANCE FOR DRESSMAKER: WIBH-
VX ing to sell business, everything combined-
reasonable: account of leaving State; good local
tlon. Inquire 12151/3 Powell.
CM OHO RESTAURANT; A PICK-UP; ES-
TIDXZ.WJ. tablished 15 years; a good business;
reason for sale, retiring: investigation given-
make offer. Apply 29 Sixth st.
RUG STORE ON INVOICE AND IN NICE
I. cation; fine chance for a physician or young
druggist: small but complete. Address D. S., box
PARTNER WANTED— A GOOD TALKER FOR
X the fairs: a big money-maker; capital $50
X Ray Co., 118 Taylor, room 6. from 3 to g p. m.
ffl; (lf)() RESTAURANT AND 6 ROOMS UP."
<4pUUV. stairs; fine location. DECKER 1020
Market st.
PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-CLASS
grocery and saloon. Inquire at Broadway
brewery or H. CAMPE, 221 Front su " >aawa y
0" NLY $7<: MUST SELL AT ONCE; STORE;
fruit, candies, etc; good location: rent only $10:
see this. 1618 Central aye., nr. sutter st.
BAKEKY, CANDY, NOTION-STORE: GOOD
location: bargain. Address A. 8., Call Branob,
Office, 339 Hayes st.
£I 50 '''. -K^TABLISHED RESTAUR-"
tIP lt»U. ant for 11 years; near City Hall. 324
J. firkin st*
LOR SALE, CHEAP-CANDY-STORE AND
X icecream parlor, with all fixtures tor m " u *°-
tnrlnc. 2413 Mission st.
sfiBs ERAGIfi WEEKLY NET I.MOMS
<$)IDO $250 invested: safe, conservative; prospec-
tns, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. Y.
« T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. < OV/AN BUYS
-rv stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise-
sells on commission. Room 15. 26 Montgomery!
1 000 HA k INTEREST IN WELL-
<JPXV» \j\j. paying brewery, near city: no experl-
ence required. Address S., box 60. Call Office;
V, OR SALE - FIRST-CLASS CORNER BA-
-l loon, with furnished rooms; part on time. In-
qn'.re Milwaukee Brewery, 432 Tenth sU
"ft 1 CIGAR-STORE, WHOLESALE DIS.
<]P-ltJ\/. trie : full value in stock: good bual-
ness; rent $20. 26 First. - *
VKWoPAI'ER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
this office! 0 San FraDClsc(> - For Particulars apply
$~l')()0 WRST-CLASS- RETAIL LIQUOR
si 1 """- business: a fine chance Call 230 Third.
STOCKS OR STORES" BOUGHT; CASH-
O short notice. 1037 Mission st., basement, lett!
O A LOON AND 2 ROOMS TO LET. 829
0 Howard st.
TwlfSY^^wrU^S^nTn^
v\ i^hKLi CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
I^ss^^^L O v SKS FOR SALE.
f»0' K OM HOCs ErcTETKNGipioo7i^ilooo
O\J 24 rooms; new and good . 60J
6 rooms anC bath: Hat: worth $500.\" 225
W-ruom house: $500 cash, baL payments. IHOO
ii rooms; corner house; new 1700
14 rooms; boarding house; 40 boarders.!*" 125")
uu rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150. 3700
18-room house on Sixth st... . ' ' 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; ' all slzes'and'prices.
.tf gt«£ D^ KER & C °-' 102 ° M " tot
.%()()() LOUGIKO HOUSE: GREAT EAR-
«£,► gain: ,' 6 rooms near Market and Fifth;
™»i J?L MCll|>le ? as Si furniture;
n orth 81200. Apply 9 17 Market su, room 2.
KO-IIOOM HOUSE TOLKT, NEARBALDWIV'
O£ SPECK A CO , 602 Manic* »t.
#>OOD PAYING LODGING-HOUSE OF 14
y-» rooms; clears ?50. Address 8., box 113, Call.
,*3OO £*, KuOMS . ALL FULL; HALFCASH,
ry.'tjxjyj* balance roomed out., -c.. box 17, Cull.
VARNISHED HOUSE 6 ROOMS at SACRI-
X fice: 2 rooms rented. 620 Larkin su
F[so. cd FU 4 R o^^v^so^ M c S o, A^t^ NT -
-3o"^:, L 9i7 a i-a?kr.u TO *»»«>• i>HKLpa *
T> ARGAIN: FINE WELL-F URMB H ED
XJ> house; 20 rooms: steady, wel.-paying. respect-
able class of patronage. 26 Ninth au ; no agents.
1 Rooming houses FROM $250 TO
I«JU $10,00 a See UNDERWOOD A CO., 765
Market su ,
■JfhfHHV' 27 KOOMS -. ELEGANT FURNI-
PROLL&ro* 5 aU full; clenrs * x 00; a . snap.
©400 ' J0 ROOMS: CENTRAL LOCATION:
A rr» owner going East: rent cheap. PROLL
TO LKASK. ~^
FOR RKNT OK LEASE— SO-VARA LOT SE.
cor. Polk and Jackson . sts. : rent $50 per
month. Address J. b., 427 Sansom« au, a. B.HOUSES TO LET.
T5aY-\v7n^OW^OUS^O?X ßo6ms7"2l2
XJ Perry st., off Fourth: $12 50: water free. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEX _ CO., 14 Montgomery «t.
I \ELAWARE COURT, OFF SUTTER, BET.
XJ Powell and Mason— 4 rooms, $14; central:
cheap. '. .!
Ql \ MONTHLY— MAKE YOUR RENT PAY
*- x' J for a nice new &-room and bath cottage on
Diamond st.; only i? lOu cash re« nlred: street work
«one. Apply to Baldwin & Hammond, 10
Montgomery st.. or at 3207 Twenty- second at., cor.
Mission, evenings after 7:30.
VI 4< HICKORY AVK.. RET. GOUGH AND
— .XV7 Octavla— 5 rooms: yard; water free; $11.
II LIBEKIY, NEAR VALENCIA, MISSION
v»ii* I V rmbel novae 8 rooms and b»:h; large
sardrcheap. Inquire 706 Ivy aye.
1 7(17 JOXKS »T.--NK%R BROADWAY — 4
J ' ' sun i.y rooms; rent $14.
■ 1,5,(1<. L U ri&it — -''iCE SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
4VeVlncSd large closets; bath; rent $45;
water :nciude.;
,<■>(> 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HuUsi. «RoOJt£>.
514— 1831 Union st : house 4 rooms.
X 1 a's^ y furnished house IN STERN
-^ Aadiaon;9rooms. Apply 524 Sansoma st.
f)VJL PRINTED LIsT MAKES HOUSK-
.-:, Pi 1 ?' 1 " 8 a Pleasure: call or send for one.
■HAINWALD, BUCKBE_ & CO., 218 and 220
Montgomery st.
P. U . i ' AP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COR.
v> California and Lagnna sts. Go gee It.
HOUSES TO RENT. FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
SnPL ENI)II> 12- ROOM HOUSE, 3392 TWENTY -
WJ first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
Jog or private residence: very low rent. See It.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY^OrfAGEsTTTNI) 5 BOOMS, BATH,
JJ basement, stable. Aileen aye,, off 15th ft., nr.
Dolores.
SUNNY MODKRN COTTAGE. 6 BOOMS AND
bath; large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
9094 MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
— •O'— rooms and bath: yard; flower garden; $18.
REDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter, Franklin and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK & CO., 602
. Market s-
FURNISHED FLATS.
QUNNY FLAT, 5 KOOMS, BATH, FUBNI-
-0 ture for sale: rent $15. 1911 a Hyde St.; no
dealers. -. - -■- :■:-:
FLATS TO LET.
nfLAT^Oß^fj^ BOolls7^ATHri : HEXpr~rsl3
* Taylor st., bet. Pacific and Broadway.
YEW STEPS FROM CITY HALL: 2 FLATS
-T 5 and 6 rooms: $22 and $:-iO. 14 Grove st.
K IG REDUCTION IN -RENTS: ELKGANT
-•> $40 flats reduced to $30 and $20: % month
free: good tenants wanted. SPECK * CO., 602
Market su
"IF YOU WANT A , NICE SUNNY FLAT,
X house or cottage, see us; we have some nice fur-
nished cottages to leu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
aye.
ELI.-r URNI^HKD SUNNY UPPER FLAT:
'» 4 rooms and bath; cheap rent; everything
separate and modern. tor. Park su and Bian-lin^
aye., Aiameda. »
YEW MODERN FLAT, 6 BOOMS; BATH;
-^ reasonable: key 455 Tehamasu
Q»1 - NEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 5
1 tJ. rooms; batn. 2974 23d st-, nr. Harrison.
"1 QQ LILY AVE.— S LAItGK SUNNY BOOMS;
XOQ yard; basemeuu lihit"
VUMBKR OF MODERN FLATS: $16. $18. $20,
— * $25, $35; porcelain baths; latest plumbing.
Apply 112 Scott a t., near Halghu
Q(\f* LOMBARD, $KAR DU PONT-CH EAP-.
•JUU est fiats in town: 5 rooms and bath; re-
duced to «13: nice order. '.- -■:•■;
■V> I SIXTH, NR. BRYAN 1 — NICE FLAT
*->—^t 4 large sunny rooms: $13. '-*;■.■"-*
1 7OK POST— AND 4 ROOM SUNNY FLATS:
-I iUP garden: bath: $13 and $16. ' -
P.9/-1A TURK— REAR HUN UPPERFLAT;
O~\J all light rooms; rent $12.
87 UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS, YARD AND
I . water: all separate. 1111 Elm aye.
pORNER MIDDLE FLAT; 419 THIRD ST.: 7
\J rooms and bath: rent $30. Key at 417 Third.
"1 OWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
XJ near Mason st.; no car fare; healthy; $12.
Q9fJ LOWKR BAY WINDOW FLAT: 6
(0 — ". rooms: bath: modern improvements.
ApDly 1118 Green St.. f>et Hyde »i<i Lurt'n
tT'URNISHKIJ ti.ii; i AUimuj iuk.>i v .o.
X. 2533 Mission a:.
LAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH.
1613 Foleom St.. near Twelfth.
GET OUR Pl\l.Vi.cU i.l-1 o* i ..... . o x j
T let; will save you lots of time. sHaIN-
WALD, BLCKBEK<fcCO_ 218-220 Montgomery.
\ I' ANTED— 200 GOOD TENANTS: KENTS,
** from $10 up fur flats, cottages. SPECK <fc
CO., 603 Market sC . ■; : '-r-;r-
SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Hams n, opp. 18th.
/-CHOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS:
V, bath; Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, pr Baker.
ttilats To rti^.s 1' tun \ j. i. 1 i.1.,,1.
J- money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery su
IXI9I MISSION— FLAT 6 LARGK. SUNNY.
iwiOa paired rooms; ba.h; laundry; water
free.
ijFOl P;fJ FINE UPPER CORNER FLAT: 6
<- — • X.OKJ rooms and bath: porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker sts.
1 ')fi ASH AYE., OFF MCALLISTER. ABOVE
J —•V-' Polk— Sunny lower flat: $15.
9 UNION— S ROOMS, BATH, $17 50:
— 1108 Union, 7 rooms, bath. $20: 801
Union, 3 rooms, 12: 25 Minna. 4 rooms. $11.
L; KEN .H FLAT: 4 ROOMS. BATH; WASH-
X house and stationary tubs. 3941 Gu rrero st.
TT'LAT: 3ROOMS.BATH: NEWLY PAPERED;
X! Mission warm belt. 3513 21st, nr. Valencia.
VICE UPPER FLAT 6 KOOMS: NEWLY
— ' renovated: rent reasonable. 327 Haljht St.
.HOUSEKEEPING BOO3IS.
linan~3treecT~"' ~~ > ~
9QI Ql BUSH — NEWLY FURNISHED
~OX'J S suite: also light housekeeping rooms:
no children.
Castro Street.
JA'CASTBO (REAR) - 3 NICE SUNNY
Ivi) rooms: large yard; -table: $9. •
Clay Street. ~
9Q07 CI - AY — LARGE FRONT ALCOVE
di.O\J • rooms and front and back parlor.
liddy Place. ~ —
Q1 - EDDY ST.— HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS-
OX I nicely fnrnished: splendid location- pri-
vate family. - _ ' v
Eighth street.
90 NINTH ST— FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
.*-v/ suites or single: gas or wood stove.
1 illruore Street. ~
C.-I A 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
0 1 U . family. 2212 Fillmore su, near Ctay.
J. olsoin ."tree:.
Q'A FOLfcOJI — SUNNY SfXGLE ROOM-
CO \J also connecting housekeeping room; pri-
vate family.
boldeu ban Av«nuii.
CAD GOLDEN GATE SUNNY FUR-
CUO nished rm. for housekepog. $10; others, $6.
Howard Strew;.
1 1 AC) HOWARD— 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
11j- furnished housekeeping rooms; range*
rent $10. '
1 1 AA HOWARD— HOUSEKEEPING
X 1"i rooms: $10, $15: gas: bath.
1 fl(\(l HOWARD— 2 ROOMS complete
IUV/U for housekeeping: gas; private family.
1 Q(\f\ HOWARD, COR. FOCBTEENTH-8
1 Ol'v/ or 4 sunny rooms: cheap.
liyite Street.
1 (\df\ l hyde.corTpTne; unfurnished
JUUU2 sunijy rooms.
Kearny Street.
C OK LESS BOOMS. KEARNY, NEAR SUT-
-0 ter; gas and water free. Aprly 15 Grant aye.
i^arkin Street.
A9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
'l_.tl/ sunny rooms for housekeeping: also single.
' Leavenw oriti street.
99' LEAVEN WORTH — LARGE LNFT'R-
—.— •J rlshtd front room: American family of
adnlu; »10.
jubs.o" >'reo;.
09-1 MISSION— SUNNY BOOMS TO BENT:
C— l $5 up; furnished or unfurnished hon*kping.
1 999 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
1 _,_._■ rooms; complete for housekeeping;- gas
and bath. V
Naloini street.
Ejr-r NATOMA- 2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
OOO Ing rooms: $8 and $10 per month. Apply
afternoons.
Octavla Street. :
1 A f)Q OCTAVIA. COR- GEARY— FRONT
I'tUO bay-window ana kitchen- gas; bath.
Pearl, street.
3PKARL, COR. MABKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
Alcove room and kitchen: well furnished: $15.
south I'arK.
"I A SOUTH PARK —FURNISHED ROOMS
iv housekeeping; sun all day. .
Muckion Place.
900 STOCKTON, NkTcOR. GEAR Y-2 OR 3
-Vu sunny unfurnished boast- keeping; cheap. I
.'■■■■ 'j '■'•- ...-■■
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued. ]
tixtl»s»r«o..
"I OK SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
X+~U housekeeping rooms and others. {
Sixteenth Street.
OA9K SIXTEENTH, BET. MISSION AND
*J\J—O Valencia— furnished rooms for house- .
keeping; bath included.
Washington street.
kAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY' UNF U B -
" v - nished housekeeping rooms: rnnnlng water. !
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY, , ROOM. 87— ROOM AND HOUSE i
~,£.2 renting agency: no fee for registering.
ROOMS TO LET.
Calilorma Street.
1 Q9Q C ALIFORNI PLEASANT
X it— iO room far lady; gas; bath; $8.
J.cdv Streo..
11 Q EDDY— sUNNY BOOM: FOR !
LAO gentlemen; $6. ' ■ • .-. y !
I]Q BaY-WINDOW FROST ScITE; !
A AO cheap; other newly furnished roams: $5 up.
99fV — NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS:
—•— VJ suites and single; also light housekeeping.
A'? A EDDY— FINE.. SUNNY. NEWLY FUR-
t'— "i nished rooms; house first class in every re-
spect: terms reasonable. * ;- •
- J-«glirli Mtiee..
CHERMA— ATARTMKNT HOUSE. SS RTH
0 »t.. near Market: furnished and cnfarnlsbfxL
x-aiih st-eu..
TinE RAJIOTA, 130 KLLIS: MRS. KATES.
X MART, manager— A quiet house:- centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished; elevator: hot A cola wa>r.
09 I ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOB BEST
O—.l lodging we recommend the itosedale House. i
OOA KLLIS— LARGE FURNISHED ROOM; j
OtJyJ closet: running water: for 1 or 2.
"i /* Ellis— handsome parlors, clos-
-OAU et, water; other large pleasant rooms; (rea-
sonable. • '•■■/;■ ,r ' .^'-T.~
1 ulton Street. ; .
lift FULTON — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
110 rooms; sunny; gas and bath. . :-;.. :
t>eary Street.
91 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY BOOMS IN BEAR;
— L I cottage; key premises. :>.»'-•■•
Q-I 7 GEARY— SINGLE RIOMS FROM $4 TO
Oil $6 for gentlemen; private.
- ...we.. date Avenue.
Q1 C GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FRONT j
OX U room for one or two gentlemen.. 1
dough Street.
1 fiH^ GOUGH— LARGE FRONT SUNNY
X\)\JO alcove room and large sunny room con-
necting; furnished or unfurnished; board op-
tional: private family: reference.
Harrison Street.
•\riCE SINGLE AND DOUBLE ROOMS, WITH
-i-> bath. 416 Harrison st.
Hickory Avenue.
I9Q HICKORY AYE.— 3 LARGE CNFUR-
±— .£' nished rooms: $7. Apply upstairs.
xjuwma btree..
f>nO HOWARD— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM;
U— iO gas and bath; rent reasonable.
Jones htreet.
9A7 'ONES— THE VAX ViTSKt.r.: NEW
—\J I management: elegant tunny suites and
tingle: newly tarnished: bath, tic: SlO to SMIL
O(\ 1 JONES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
•Jvl sunny rooms:suite or single; private family
r.l 1 JONES— NEWLY FURNISHED F..ONT |
UXX alcove snnny parlor: also other rooms.
ic>rn<r Mreo..
90 KEARNY-XICKLY FURNISHED BOOMS; '
— '«J terms reasonable; quiet house.
Oft V—W ELL-FURNISHED FRONT !
O\J sunny suite: single rooms: electric lights.
4 KLINGTOX HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-■A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every . respect: . terms reasonable. .*• - . ■
Lulic Slice..
pUSTEn, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— BIN-
\J gie front rooms and suites, 50c to 50 per
night; $3 to $6 per week; offices to leu.
\' OSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PUR
X nlghu 350 to $1 : week. $1 60 10 $6: families.
Mason. Street.
"I no MASON'— FLAT SUITABLE FOR DOC-
lv- tor or dressmaker; unfurnished basement.
99' MASON, COR. OFA RBELL-X V
—■—«-' furnished sunny rooms: en suite or single.
*, >il>M<ill Atrt«C, - ,'»~» i
n~\O MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
ULO rooms; 15c to 50c per night: $1 to $2 week.
Natoma Street.
iJ(\-[ NATOMA. COB. KIGHTH— 2 OR 3 FUR-
I \J X nished or unfurnished rooms.
Oak Street.
1 9-1 OAK-LARGE BAY-WINDOW SIDE !
X— On room and kitchen. -;;-.:-<
O'r»rrell Mreo..
99Q O'FARRELL, NEAR MASON — NICE,
~— -O sunny room; suitable for 2 gentlemen or
man and wife.
71 (\ O'FABRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
llv back parlor: terms moderate, ■-■-.>' .- .:■• >,
Q9Q O'FARRELL - NICE FRONT ROOM
V _,O well furnished; suitable for 1 or 2 gents; i
cheap.
Pine Street.
n-\ 1 PINE— 3 SUNNY ROOMS; «4, $5 AND
\JX J $10 per month; for gentlemen. — .
Post Street.
99Q1 POST— NEW HOUSE; NEWLY FUR-
nished; rent reasonable; ''The Domus."
A~\ ft POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
triO rooms.
Powell Street.
919-214 POWELL r (WILLISFORDI-EN--
_i I _ Urely renovatea throughout: newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
99;: POWELL, COR. GEARY— SUNNY ROOM i
— , —«J newly fur., $8: also large sunny cor, room. !
seventh Streeu
1 AC) SEVENTH— PLEASANT BOOMS FOR
xrt^i houseKeeplng: also single rooms.
Mith Street.
1 ID SIXTH-TnE SARATOGA: ELEGANT '
X. JO suites $3 60, $5 week; single $1 50 $3 week. !
Stevenson Street.
zlfiQ STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH-FUBNISH-
it\J*j ed rooms to suit- .■■.■-
-pO-OP£KATIVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON—
Vj Rooms clean and cheap; reading-room.
Stockton Street.
VFW PYRNEK HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
— 1 Front suites: single rooms; hoosekping;cheap.
sutler Street.
O(\O SUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES.
QUO $1 25 to $10 wk; night 2Sc to $1 50: transl.
m BUTTER —"HANDSOME "ROOMS
suites, newly furnished; rates reasonable.
<7 AQ SUTTEH, COR. TAYLOR-KLEGANTLY
• vu newly furnished innny rms.; suite or single.
1 1 4Q SUTTER, CORNER POLK — a OR 3 I
X IIO connecting front rooms, over Wakelee's I
drugstore, anltatle for doctor or any other busi- '
ness.
1 1 AQ SUTTER. COR. FOLK-SUNNY ROOMS;
X J rrO nicely furnished: light housekeeping.
lay lor Street.
"inn TAYLOR— DOUBLE AND SINGLE I
X\J rooms for gentlemen: S3 and $1 50 a week. 1
-£.] Ci TAYLOR— NeV'LY' FURNISHED 6UX- j
ny single ana double rooms: private family.
:J^*^' DENTISTS.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless :
extracting, with gag. $1 ; plates. $5 up: nil, $1 up, '
I JR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKKT ST.. i
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting wheq -
plates are made: old plates made over like new; ■
teeth from $8 per »et: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GtCSii*; W. LEEK, THE GENUINE '
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth '
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20O'FarreUsU 1
T.-'ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED !
X five yearn; extraction, 60c. : fillings, 50c.; I
crowns. 9 3 SO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth. <
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS !
X I prices: first-class results: painless extraction: I
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDIXG.M.D., 500 Sutter |
"I R.L. X. t'KANZ— ACTION PAINLKSS. 1
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth wlthoa:
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ays. .
$7A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A-4
O * Rood as can be made: Hlllnz $L Dr. SIMM 4.
ccntisu 830 Market Bt.. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLKSa- EXTRACTION. 60c; CROW X
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 rear* '
expertenee. R. L. WALSH. D. U.S.. 815»4 Ueary. '
LL WORK TO SUITTiMES;WARRANTED.
DR. KB A, 1870 Market su, froct City Hall.
R. I'UCKETT, 1703 POsT ST.. NEAR BU-" ''
. cDanan: gas given: crown and bridge work.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
ET OKT-ETH WiTHOUi _ r_AXJ_ uaTTH
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk Sl. j
/ IOLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION". »Ud MAtt i
netkL DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
T-\K. J. J. LEEK, MABKET. COR. GOLDEN j
U Oaie are.— Open eTeninzs; SuaUa/s lia mwo. .
JMBega«Maa^asiMate«*afcM'iJsaM^>Bß^awtiMi«j | <<tj»i'ti^^jLi
THE $AJ\ UK AJS T CISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, .SEPTEMBER. 4, 1896.
BOARDING .. AND ROOMS.
719 pmt^lTnicely f c r x isu'eTo _ABOB
IX—. rooms, naltable for 2, with board ; $20 each.
OAQ JOXKS-XEWLY FURXISHKD SUNNY
*J\sO rooms, suite or single, with board for 2: $50.
SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH BOARD, IN
private family without children: reasonable
for a little girl or young lady. Apply Call office.
A 1 *> EDDY — ; ELEGANTLY- FURXISHED
*t-L— parlors for4yoang men; good boa&d; $20
each.
1 X% CALIFORNIA — PLEASANT SUNNY
1. «J_,U parlors; newly furnished; other rooms;
board optional.
709 O'FARRELL— IX A REFINED HOME
I \J _, newly furnished sunny front rooms: tab.c
first class: terms reasonable.
SAO VAN NESS AYE— DESIRABLE SUNNY
OuOroom- flrst-da'-s table board; reasonable
OIJ-.L BKKXLUNU «1* ttLSH- A FAMILY
hotel : references given *.utl required.: uioU-
em convenience*.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ~ ~
ADY OF EXPERIENCE; WISHES CHILD
i to board: personal attention; mother's care:
healthy location- large grounds. 2519 Col.ege
aye.. Berkeley, CaL
\\' ANTED— CHILDREN TO BOARD IN
*' pleasant home: best of care. Call or address
1819 Webster su. Alameda.
TOCKTOX LADY WOULD LIKE TWO CHlL-
dren to board; location healthfuu' Address
47 North Grant «t.. Stockton. Cal
STORES TO LET. "
OTOKE OF TWO ITvImTrOOMsT FINE
O chance grocer. 452 Haight st.J
TORE, WITH 3 ROOMS. SE. COR. GOLDEX
Gate aye. and Webster st.; choice location for
drugs
TORE; GUJiRREKO AND TWENTY-THIRD
0 sts.; concrete cellar; built for druggist; bust in
Mission for drugstore. >
TORE; VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
Oats.; choice location:- adapted for shoe or dry-
goods store ,
OFFICES TO LET.
SPRKCKELS BUILDING. 9*-i7 MARKET—
O Elegant snnnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at buildiaj
oru. H. r.'.fBSKX A CO.. 14 Montgomery sc.
■ STABLES TO LET.
STABLE AND BARN TO LET; BENT, $8.
1819 O'Farrell St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
RAND UPRIGHT PIANO, $150; A BAB-
gain. 1200 Webster st. - _^
A 4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
t\- Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
»3, $4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
525 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands; why pay rent when belter pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover included: no charge tor drayage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY A CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. also
Oakland, Cal.. Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacilic Coast.
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters on Market
su are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 526 Haves su, between
Octavia and Lacuna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly as I buy tor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can oiler any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music bouse in San Francisco.
Respect fn ly yours. J. HARRY SCOTT.
A CARLOAD STRICTLY FIRST- CLASS,
high-grade, up-to-date pianos, ail modern im-
provements, guaranteed the equal in every way of
any piano made, on monthly payment of $5: no
such offer ever before made by any house handling
reputable makes; each instrument fully guaran-
teea : line stool and cover with each : delivered free
anywhere in this city and k.-pt lumd by expert
concert tuners. Call and see for yourself at THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.'3 salesrooms, 933 Market
St., opposite Mason.
AGNIFICENT ST KIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
t7^ BARGAIN; STKIXW AY PIANO. EX-
• O.cellenl order;ea-y terms. 221 Leavenworth
C'Lf.ARANCE SALE-HaINES, KNABE AXD
/ Bush and Gen's pianos: clearing-out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Fba: su
OOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA-H.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hiberota Bank.
(BARGAIN— DECKER* SON UPRIGHT, $250.
XJ MAUVAIS, 769 Market su
Q I "A BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
C XO\J. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
II" G. BaDGER, 6OLK AGENT FOR HALLET
* * .<t Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 403 sac*to :
HiCKKKINU, KXABK, KIKCK. VOSE. STKR-
ling pianos, see our new piano lor $187: piano*
:or renu BEN'J. cUKTA/ i .~uN. IB O'Farre'.u
YKOX Ai.u /. »'. iiu» POST fl\— t-OHSWM,
New'o-- A Kvam. J'ricrt snd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS ZITHEKa. OLUANEW
► H. MIIXHK. maker. r.-pair-r. '-' Latham pis.;*.
HORSES.
kA HKAD DRIVING AADWORK HORSKS;
*J\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard St.
El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 &KT3
of good harness, our own rcaue. of every de-
acrlption. for l«-ss money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 11 ) McAllister St.. S. V.
"1 '(") SK'i'SXKW AND >_con dh a dh a
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, boggles, surreys,
rockaways. carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission
I AHGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSE9: HALTBR
Xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
( "\(MI &i- ' X NKW AND StCUXD-HANi) HAR-
OV/V/ ness: all kinds: buggy. waeon, cart«. surrey
<g rock^wav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
At \ HOKSKS iutt SALK; ALSO WAGONS,
j" bugcles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market. 327 Slx.h st. ; auction sales every Wednaj-
day. SI'LI,IV'\ «fc 1.-iiYI.K. AnrtloneT..
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD DELIVERY HORSE~An£TwaGON
for sale. Apply 1619 Powell st.
LOR SALE, AT EA>TERN PRICKS. FINK
X carriAge? of every lpiion: cash, notes or
installments. i'»rv:ll Mfg Co.. 46-48 Sth su. S. P.
» MEDICAL. ■
ABLESSIXG TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
time*; home In confinement. DR. «fc MRS.
Da VIEs, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pllla $2;
tours from 9a.u.t05 p. m. and 7to9p. _. i ... A
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RJfi-
stored in a few lioum; safe and sure relief
euaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in conUm-m *ut: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYEXH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
AN X W PROCESS— N'OM KB I iTINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
if you wan* to be treated safe and sn re call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKR. 318 Kearny st.
LPiSAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladJes troubled with irregularities: nodanzer:
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland, CaL
R3. GOODWIN, DIsKASL- WOMEX SPE-
clalty; unexcelled in restoring irregularity or
other conditions; home In confinement- best care-
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 ilcAUUter at
MBS. DR. WEGENKHTfAkE3 LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaint* or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy su
CURE CURb FOR ALL DISEASES,
kJ from whatever cause: a home ie confinemen*
MR h S. e DR y G C Nv m YER, 2^6 !^°s n u « n *" « d ' b *
MRS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 555 Mis-
sion st. .
RS. M. E. RODGERS, PRIVATE .HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. DORA GRAY-ALL FEMALE COM!
plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 327 Kddy.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI>EASE
Asee MRS.DR. PUETZ and be content- 254l 2 4th.
"TiR HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MSS7
.T DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth »t.. Aiameda.
ARONUM VITA 1 BATHS FOR PARALYSIS."
-TV rupture and dror..<y, 231 Second st.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICK FRKE— DIVORCE LAWS A
jOl alty; private; do charge unless successful; aU
law suits, claims, collections, will*, deeds. etc as-
tended ta G. W. HOWE, atty-ai-law. bSO Market.
\ T °k A . H F - FLOOD. LAWYER, 536 PABROTT
— 1 building: consultations free; moderate fees.
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
-1 out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFREYS. 402 Montgomery at., room 18.
DVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cesafnL' W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market su
\»r F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW.SBI PAKROTT
»T «bldg. Practices in all courts ;charge» moderate
RW. KING, ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW CHROX-
. lcl«* oldc: advice free: moderate: open evngs.
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
C COPARTNERSHIP NOTICJS — THE CNDER-
\J sUned have this day formed a copartnershln
under the firm name of MARTIN <fc MARK* for
tbe purpose of transacting a general real «-«
bUsiueSA ? PATRICK J. MARTIN. '
EDMUND MARKS, ,
18 Post st.
San Francisco. September I, 1896. . .
TYPEWRITERS.^
WaT I GRAPH, $15: REMINGTON. $35. SCOTT
V & ANN AN. ;•*•
PERSONALS.
ECHANiCS' FATS" siIO^VCARDS, BUS~
card", $1 50 per 000. HILL, '-2^ Geary st.
A DIE EVAN-.' COSMETIC PARLORS;
manicuring; halrdres3ing. 865^ Market, r. 12.
V OX MOST ARTISTIC HAIRDRESSING GO
X 1 to Up To Date parlors, 850 Market St.. room 14:
hairdrp«siNg and manicuring free to all, -Wednes-
day, 10 to 2. - . . .' -
pOMPETEXT LADY TEACHER WILL GIVE
VJ lessons in the English. branches in exchange
for reading aloud. Address Teacher, box 65. Call.
SOUTH S. F. MARKKT— ALL KINDS OF
fresh and corned meats. CHAS. FALSER,
1212 Railroad aye. ; v .
R. MYRTLE POTTER Has REMOVED TO
1362 a Market st., oftice 8. second floor. '
V INE WATCH REPAIRING, JEWELRY
X male order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground-
low prices: fine work. J. N. BKITTAIN, 20 Geary.
DViCK FRKE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private; no charge unless successful: ail
law suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK.atty-at-law. Marketst.
OLD AND SILVER FIGHTS DON'T AF-
fect my business: I'll dress the hair jint as
skillfully as ever for ase: have enlarged my estab-
lishment: have you tried "Quinonia" hair tonic for
dandruff? 35c a bottle. G. LEDtRER, ill
Stockton st. - ' _^^^ -
I VORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Korean; lega
everywhere. Address P. O. box 2432, S. F., CaL
C<A PANTS TO ORDER: SAMPLE BY MAIL.
C± •VvKRtHMAX Pants Co.. 22V 3 Geary streeu
"\IR-S. THOMPSON. CHIROPODIaT. - 101
■IVI Grant aye-, room 10.
HE FiNEST LINK OF REMNANTS-
suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and «th.
ONFINEMKXTS ATTENDED BY KEGU-
) lar physician; $15 upward. A., box 98, Call.
MORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wilh H. RIFLSIND. and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46; ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order;flt guaranteed ;lo\v prices
rpRUNKM DELIVERED 25C BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tat. Grant 67.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gerrruda
Partlngton. R. L. Fartington. Particulars 424 Pine.
AT THIS PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
-V Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 V* Market su,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, mole*, freckles. sc»r». etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
PAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; FINE
J. tedge pat on razor,2sc. Razor ExchKe,63oMarket
\rELVKT AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
> manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs
\Jlii OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICOX SHOW JiVB-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic aj-
vertiiements In living light; promoters of bim-
teas. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marke'
LECTBIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
£00 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bns and baggage to and from the ferry.
IBEIIAL, ADVANCES OX DIAMOND.-* JKW-
rlry. etc. : lowest rates, fe-ls Market su -
/"VU> HOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
\J clothlnc bouKbu COL.MAX. 41 So. cor. Jessie.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
<V WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRES-jKs 92 UP; WRAPPER-J 35c UP;
lawn $1 np 505% Natoma st, above Sixth.
A "I (*1 GKARY— STYLISH DRESSES, $5 UP;
ilUl} dresses made over; patterns cat to order.
TYLISH SUITS. «3 UP; SKIRTS, 75c UP;
fit guaranteed. hS'.tij, Stevenson, nr. seventh.
' EDUCATIONAL. ~~
M""bS. iMELVIiiE^SSYDEHi 7 IS "pOST^ST?;
vocal music. 1 iatio. elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acung a specialty;
vocal classes Monday. p. _.: 1.
QPANISH,FRKN<JH,ETC.;Prof.DEFILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages.32o Poetst:estab'd 1871
A YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
-TV Montgomery St.: individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping-, telegraphy, etc.;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and ma
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st : expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and niaht.
E~~SGLJSH BRANCHKS TAUGHT: U.NULISH
literature; letters written. MISS FAGEX, 427
Sutler st.
\roICE CULTURE, KLOCUTIOX AND DXL-
» sarte taught thoroughly ; '<»sson. 749 Fol-
80 m at. ;
A LilA K. HYER. PIANO. MANDO-IN BAN-
A. jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
BOOKKPNG, WTKITNU. ABITHiII'C. OK.UK
li day nUht:noc!a^ses-. $5 month. 845 Mission
ROF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOUX, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 ueary.nr. Powll.
/ 1 LIIAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AX l> VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma M A V WEST HA US. S9 Plfttt.
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es piano,Blngl3g,Frcnch:s3mo. R. 14. 1002 Polk
R. 4 M KS. KOLANLER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin. guitar, banjo. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason
, ELA»CO'-» LYCI.UM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
'* Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. K. 5 and 12, 1. O. U. F. block. 7th and Mkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL CIVIL, MIXING, ME-
O chanlcai eni;lneerine. surveying, architectare-
>gsay:»stab. '64. VAN NAILI.E.V. 723 Mitt,
T>ROFESSORU. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
X violin guitar, mandolin. rgr.to 1707 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
IT AN A, tlit: GYPSY QUEEN. 8 TURK ;
VX truthful In her predictions: reliable tn her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will euide you ri<bi; no fake; s&.isfaciiua
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
MX. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, reader, born r.lth a douo'e veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry auj
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk at., nr. Jone*
Mjli.. AilNlSr. BKSl 1 tr UKT U N IEL XIX
i'JL the world: 50c and (1. shows cictors of emir
future husband or »nt<». 4 Twelfth. TeL Mint 62L
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
00 pas*, present and future: success to ail; for-
tunes by mail: low Drices. 856 Mission st.
T ADIES ARK INVITED TO CONSULT MRS.
XJ 08. WALKER, clairvoyant and palmist, 629
Post st. *
\ I ME. KAVK.NA READS LIFE FLUKXTLY:
i business advice: names given :25c up. 5 Fourth.
ME. HANSEX.PALMIST.CARD-RKADER;
past, present and future: 25c 143 6.11 st., r 5.
ME. LfcOETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
fntnre: 25c. 1 Tehama. upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MME. OH. TIiuMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
_ yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1: letter $3.
YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VJT Seventh to 11 Stockton; ladles 25c: cents 50c
Mb MOKEAU, BKST MKDIUM.; KEVEAU
ill past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard tt.
ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
J.>l husband, wife: ladies 25c, 50c 914 O'Farrell.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
ill grave: ladles. 25c: gents. 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
pONCHIT A— CARD-READING. PA-T, PRES-
\J ent anri future. 821 Howard st.. room 15.
' SPIRITUALISM.
r A^^ VEBITABLK QUEEN AM.ONG WOMEN 13
MRS. DR.~a7d^HOWE,
FEE $1 & UPWARD: FEE $1 * UPWARD*
HOPE, HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! '
Why that look of sadness? Why that aowncm
eye? Are you ln trouble, sick or '-down"? if so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living'
MR& DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped 90 many
thousands on this coast in the ten years pa.it, I)
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, Saa
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succest
brought to the unlucky, love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong; the
poor become rich: if yon think your husband, wlfa
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal!
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shodoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. an no
matter of how lons standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail Is always most su>
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases ciagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE *1 _ UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWARD:
AIRS. UK. A. D. HOWE,
, 1320 Market st-, odd. Seventh,
San Francisco.
XPERItNCE MEETING, 1388 MARKET,'
J-J Sunday, 2p. m. Addle Swain's talk. Theoso-
phists and students of ethical culture welcome.
Tests free. ' -
A TTENTION— PROF. CHAS. A. MINGo'S
ii lecture and test meeting at 1133 Mission St.,
every Friday and Sunday night; all invited.
"L"<RrENl>j-HIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER "ST.
V MRS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings >nn.. Mon.*
Thnrs. and Sat.; 7:30; dr. Tue.,Fri. 2 p. _.; slugs*
pETU RNED-MRS. MAYO STEERS. TRANCE
XX medium; private readings dally. 1015 Market
su, room 19. ■. - - -
BS. MAYO-STEBRS-CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,
25c: private readings daily. 1015 Market st.
ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET: SEAN-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 dally.
M. Francis, independent slaTk-
. writer. 118 Halsht St.; hours 9 until 6 p. _.
\f RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM-
■IM sittings >1 : cirri* Tuesday eve. 136 Oak.
HYPNOTISM.
YTN^Trln*M^VNrD~VlT^L^~^XG^£T^S^
JLJ. practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a so how to hypno.iz-' Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
scleuce Interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Ca.l or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute
6 O'Farrell st. ..-■■.. • -■'„■■■•■, '
FINANCIAL.
<5t I f\C\ f\C\C\ to'loan as low as banks;
*J J. UU. \>\J\J Apply rm 214, CaLSafe Dep.Bldg.
CITY REAL ESTATE. .
1 AY M ANCE ~ r ~~~ V ~j~ ''/'^V-
I J
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND LAND AUC- !
TIONEERS.
T 466 EIGHTH; ST., OAKLAND.
MONSTER
AUCTION :
SALE.
MONSTER '
AUCTION
SALE.
SATURDAY,. SEPT. 6. '96. AT
2 o'clock p. m., at salesrooms, 466 Eighth street.
. . " ■ ■ - ..... — : . ; \ ' ■
4 : BUSINESS PROPERTY.
DESIRABLE IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED
RESIDENCE PROPERTY
IN OAKLAND, FRUITVALE, ALAMEDA
AND BERKELEY.
Two lots on Market St., 57 N. of Milton, 28x126
each. 't%'% ' '■ ' ' . i
Two-story double house, 10 rooms' and bath;
1517 and 1619 22d aye.. near K&st 2lst s.: lot
30x125: this property will be so d subject to a
mortgage of a 1050. pay»bie $20 per month.
Cottage or 4 rooms and high basement; 2116 j
Chestnut st.; lot 25x128. i r
Strip of land on the N. side of 32d su, bet. Or ove '
and West, facing 237 feet on 32d st-, being a i
depth of 49 feet and 8 Inches on the stern end j
an 27 feet on the eastern end: half cash. *
Two houses, 371 and' 373 sth St., near Frank-
lin, containing 7 rooms each; lot 23.x1U0.
Two houses, 375 to 379 slh st., SE. cor. of
Franxlin; lot 50x75.
Two cottages, 362-360 Franklin St., 50 ft. S. of
sth: lot 25x75 each.
Two lots. Nos. a and 3, tn block 2102 in the Al- j
den Tract, facing on West St., 60 ft. N. of 44th-
-5Ux9O eacn.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath, 683 35th
St., near Grove, lot 88:«lkQj 35th st. work com-
plete: only $500 cash.
. r Five lots N. side Clinton St., between Union and j
Summit, in Lynn, East Oakland; lots 16x100
each. ■• > .
Nine lots on Piedmont aye-, bet.'Oak and Glenn,
in the G!en Echo Tract; 25x125 each.
Six lots on Cak aw, bet. Piedmont and Glenn,
in the Glen Echo Tract ; 30x 101 each.
Six lots on the north side of 35th s>.., bet. West
and Market; 25x120 each.
Lot northwest corner 9;h aye. and East 17th St.;
60x115. ...
Lot on San Pablo aye., bet. Bristol and Delaware
Sts., In West Berkeley: 50x133.
Lot SW. cor. Adeline and 19.c sts., 50x108, to-
ge her with barn; this property will be sold sub-
ject 10 a mortgage of $1200, which can remain. '
Cottage of 5 rooms 8. side or" 3d sl. No. 662,
bet. clay and Jefferson ; lot 25x100.
Elegant lot In the Stanford Tract, on Moss aye.,
44 W. of Chestnut st. ; size 44xl63. —
Two magnificent lots N. side of 9th st., 25 E. of
Harrison; 35x100 each. ,
Frultvale cottage; 5 rooms and bath: Tevis st,
75 feet south of Railroad aye.; lot 25x96; only |
200 feet irom Frnitvale station.
Two-story house: 7 rooms and bath: south side
of Sycamore si . between/Grove and Telegraph
ayes. ; No. 561 ; lot 50x100.
Business lot. northeast cornet Telegraph aye.
and Twenty-third st. ; H7x83.30. - i
Three beautiful residence lots on Hamilton
place; Xos. 16, 17 and 22; 30-90 each; only two-
minutes' walk to I'iedmont cable; surrounded by
handsome improvements and fine view.
| Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath ; entirely
new; W. side of Oakland aye.. 150 feet 3 of Santa
Clara aye.; rented for $25 a month: lot 30x126;
this property will be sold subject to a mortgage of
«200U, which can remain. '
( o:cage 8 rooms and bath; north side East 18th
stre, No. 618, between lath and 13th avenues: !
lor 80x120; will be sold subject to a mor gage of
$1000, held by the Oakland Bank of savings.
| For terms of any of the above properties and for
particulars secure a catalogue.
LA YM ANCE
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.,
466 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
"DEAD THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
It the San Leandro road and main street to
Fltchburg station; size 100x100: cheap at $20
per front foot.
"RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500. . - >
BCSINE-S CORNER AT FITCnBURO STA-
X> tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK. 200x600: WILL SUB-
divide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMED\
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers.
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut dowers for
the market.
/~\THER BARGAINS OX THE REST STREETS
VJ in the best situated locality for a trowing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc
THaD. _ FITCH. Fltchbur?. ■
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
J^OR SALE— 2-STORY . HOUSE, 14 ROOMS,
and lot 25x112:6: on installments. Apply
2428 Geary st.
INOLESIDh— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
near racetrack, on Flax con and Graflon sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern im-
provements: lot 6-2:8x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
U. W. H. PATTERSON A CO.. 2 Valencia Bt.
Q^flfl CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
*£O\J\J fora new bouse on eat side of Cole st., I
near Wa'ler: 8 rooms and bath; lar^e lot 25x125; J
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT; '
0 $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating 1
building Invited tocall and see plaofr 1149 Mission. 1
~\ - »Vtr.K S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB !
A WEEKLY CALL. la wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
x i\(\ raroa7n!£^h^aY~do"you w\"nt?
fJ\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. ? 10,000 I
2 stores and 7-room flat In city. ............ 6.000 ,
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to £0,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 o 4.000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market sl, opp. Fifth.
IN EXCHANGE FOR CITY PROPERTY —
A Small country hotel. 22 miles from city; horse, |
wagon and buggy; barroom stock; free rent of \
hotel In part ' payment of property. For partlcu-
lars address H. L., box 119. Call Office. .
END FOKOUR List' V* ORCHARD HOM_d
foraala, WOO3TKR _ WHITTON. San Josa.
1 95"\h AC " KE * TlJißfclt LAXU KiSKX CO.;
_■> «> wm»»r: «n»fr>rcaf.'e-nls -nr. N..bx,16.Ca1l
MONEY TO LOAN. ~
NY AMOUNT OX BONDS, ""DIAMOND'S. |
watcbes. jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks I
and Instruments; interest low: private entrance;
private rooms; discreet' attendants, at UXCLK
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. .
&100 f\(\f\ AT LOWEST RATES; CITY .
iJIUU,UUU,ii(I Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bond 3; estates; any sum.
SHAINW ALP. BUCKBEE&CO.. 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCH
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE. »4H Market st.: open evening*.
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTF.K-
-I*l eg* per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
Money LOANED on jkwjslkv and
other valuables at the Security Loan OSica,
HOtiMarketiu.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turs.
1 \IRECT OX YOUR FUKNI'I URK OR PIANuT
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68. Donohue bldjt. 1170 Market s:.
win finn OK LKStj ° loan ox city
X\J .\J\J\J Improved real estate at 7 cent i
per annum. M. B. .LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
NY AMOUNT: IST. 2t> or 3D AIOKTUAUKs7
- — i- estates, undivided interests, real estate In di->
bate. McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery' room 3.
r^-fl UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
«P«JV/gagee: Int. in estates. MURPHY. 62B Alrkt
A DVANCESOXDIAMONDS.JKWKLKY. JiXU
/A Colombia Loan <& Collateral Office. 9 (.ranurs.
OXEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
McKWBX BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.
PAWNBROKERS. ~
BWISE AND SAVE INTEREST: MOXEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and Ne-
enritv i'ttice, r. 7. Flood t>U'.g : entrance 809 MkL
1 12tS KtAK.N I s.'l.. LOOM MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates; i
private roomi: elevator: pledges for gale cht*ao. . '
TRUSTEES* SALE S . ■
TRUSTEES' SAL IN ACCORDANCE WITH '
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trait, duly executed by JOHN H. McKAY
and RICHARD McCAXX, parties of the first part, !
to HEXRY C. CAMPBELL and THaDDEUs B. !
KENT. Trustees, parties of the second part, and ■
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party I
of the third part, dated May 17tb, 1892, and recorded :
in the office of the County Recorder of the county
of Fresno, state of California, in liber 114 of deeds, '
at pages 110 and following, and in pursuance of a '
resolution passed on the 4th day of June. 1896. by |
the Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder i
of the note (No. 11,643). to secure payment of
which the atoresaid deed of trust was executed, >
declaring that default had been made in the pay- •
ment of the principal sum and other sums, dne {
under suM note and d?ed of trust, and request.
and direct! as said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
TIIADDKCS B. KKXT, Trustees, to sail the real i
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDECS i
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice, that on !
Tf.sDAY. the 16th day of September, A, D. |
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the !
auction salesroom of E ASTON, ' ELDRIDCJE & '•
CO., No. 638 Market street, In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, we will sell
at public auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in
gold coin of the United States, all that piece or !
parcel. of land situate in tbe Connty of Fresno, |
State of California, described as follows, to wit:
According to tbe odiclai plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In township sixteen (16) south, range twenty-one
(21) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian. ..
_ Of section thirty-two (32),' the eas: half or the
southeast quarter (E. i/b or the Sh.. 14): contain-
ing eighty (80) acres of land, more or less. - To-
gether with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash in gold I coin of the United j
States; 10 per cent payab.e to the undersigned on !
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of I
deed: and if no: so paid, unless for want of title |
(ten days being allowed lor search), then said 10
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to oe void. '
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HKNBY C. CAMPBELL, •»„_ .»„.. |
THADDEUS B. KENT, ; irnstees ' j
CITY RE AX ESTATE.
*->tf (i 0 VERY CHEAP; ARMY StTTnEaB
■ 5 — l - M ' Dolores; house 5 rooms and bath; large
basement; lot 2ixBo feet. ■
$2250— Sanchez s:.. near 26th; house 5 rooms
and bath; lot 25xS0 feet
V--50— 26ih «_, near Sanchez: housa 5 rooms
and bath: lot 15*114.
. 52500— 26 £ st., near Sanchez; house 5 rooms
and bath; stable; lot 28x114.
92500— Jersey 9t - De ' r Diamond; house 6 rooms
and rath: lot2t _ll_
$1900— Coraer 26th and Sanchez st 3 .: 27x80.
Jo f o|^" o \f( treroave - near '.'Sd s:.: 2-story, 2 flats;
$4WO-D!ainond st., cear23d; 2-story, 2 flats;
lot 2oxlUC feet.
• IonSi 00 " 00 ' 11 * 1 ' Noe * nd Hiu Bts -: mortgage
V>OuU. ■'.**. t •V *
* 11 1 1 - a5x ~ o : sm » 11 house: corner Gate* st.
and Old Hickory: Gift M»p No. 2
• ' CHAS. C. FISHER. 507 California st.
A UST BE SOLD BY ORDER PRORATE
1U Court: tine build nst lot a: 617 Hayes st.;
27:6x120: cheap for cash. Address J. E. COFFER,
Mills bill ding, sixth floor, room 12.
COUXTKV REAL ESTATE.
TO LEASE— S36 ACRE"*, BAY POINT STA-
tion. Contra Costa County. MISS NEELj:,
1614 Bush st. ■ .
'OR r_nt-120-acke ranch, SONOMA
Co_ plenty wood, water: fare from San Fran-
cisco. 50c; real reasonable. 112 New Montgomery,,
S. F. .
INARMING THAT PATS— CWT. HOR*E
— beansy>er acre, i.-5 tons jnreen corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, l£oo bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on »and of Steele
Kstate; richest land in California: in tracts from
5 acres up; also grain and dairy land: price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer: don't buy
poor land; the best Is cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, Cal.
ACKkS AI LKVEL LAND ADJACENT TO
San Francisco; * 1650. C C box 20. Call.
rpHE finest~hogrTnch7n THE state
Will be leaked for a term of years, or the rlcht
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as Uie present owner is not able to
give it the aitention it requires; tills property is
well Improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of hois the year round.
For particulars address X. V.. box 6J. Call UtHce.
ANY ONE WANTING A KASl'h FOB
grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
— »■ eat in the state; selling In tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, *35 per acre:" adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell: 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
T ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN. IX?
Xj proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWIXG, Sonoma
City; every Monday a- 632 Market St., S. F.
TT ALFS tSCTIOX OFUOOD LAND IX TULA RE
XX Coanty, lor improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
C-illOtßre. , .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
: .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SOME OF THE MOST ATTRACTIVE RESI-
»_• deuces In Oakland for rent: furnished or un-
furnished: for sale a *70,000 mansion for less than
$10.0 JO as a whole or in subdivisions W. E.
BaRXaED. 458 Ninth st., Oakland.
\| V SPECIALTY IS ~
-AL HOUSE-RENTING IN -,'
OAKLAND.
2 story modem 9-room house $25
1- story modern 6- room cottage 16
L sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MOKK.
WM. M. DeWolf. Hcuse-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 105U Broadway. Oakland.
»v IILITPAi? YE_!I see ALLEN DALE
* * Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward for
borne or paying investment: Fruitva!e, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded: some macadam-
ized: only a few left; fine school: 2 electric roads
near i.y : conveyance free; $.i cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth st., Oakland, and 630 Market 5... & F.
H. Z. JONES, owner.}
OAKLAND EOO3IS TO LET.
rpHE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AXD
X Washington sts., Oakland: a tew choice suite
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability.
OAKLAND FURNITI'UE FOB SALE.
'■ SCHKLLHAAS. furniture-dealer. llth.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAJIEDAJtE.^L ESTATE. „„ '
O ACHKS OF L^NrT^rN^ATXMEDX^FOR
•J sale at a bargain: must be sold: land high and
dry: can be cut np into lots: p'.ease call ana in-
spect. T. F. BAIR-, 1303 Paric at., Aiameda.
<> *)AZ\(\ $50 CA^H, 25 MONTHLY: NEW
'7— --tyJ. cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 50x
1-5. situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, now build in_: your terms are ours.
— Cottage of 6 room* and bath; pretty
garden: close 10 Chestnut-st. station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home; eajy
terms.
special bargains in lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office opeD Sundays and holidays. MARCUSE
6 REMiiEL, Bays., station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.
*an Francisco office, 62« Market st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OOD HOMES FOR RKXT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms, O. G. MAY & CO.. real estaM,
building and loans. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
JOaEPti J. MASON. MtAL KM'AIt. AND
Insurance fs-erit, icrK'lev inatn. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES. s
Or! RENT — $30^ IN CLUDIX G~W ATErT
house of 10 rooms and batb, with garden and
lawn in front; lame orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place comprises about 1 1 acres; street
macadamized; five minutes' waik to train making
ha.f-houriy trips to city. For farther Information
call or address A. J. SXYDER«t Co., 4t>7 Ninth
at., real estate brokers. Oakland.
> OR RENT. NEWLY FURNISH KD CcTP
tage 5 rooms. lath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way. East Berkeley.
YOB RENT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
x 1 on reasonable terms — A completely furnished
hou*e of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; stable,
cbickenhouse: roses, etc.;, convenient to railway,
school and university. Address House, box 63,
Call ■ Bio. .
. LEGAL NOTICES. ~
vfoTICi-T TO CREDITo"rs" -^ESTATE Tf
i> SARAH L. ADDISOX, deceased. Notice Is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALTER F.
TILLMAN, administrator of the estate of SARAH
L. ADDISON, deceased, to the creditors of, and
all persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch-
ers, within four months after the first publication
of this notice, to thesild administrator, WALTER
F. TILLMAN. at room 23, Crocker building, In
the city and county of San Francisco, the ijimi- be-
ing his place lor the transaction of the business of
the said estate ln the ci y and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California.
WALTER F. TlLLMAN, administrator of the
estate of SARAH L. ADDISOX, deceased. .
Dated" at San Francisco, August 31, 1896.
X; OTICE OF SALE OF REAL _Si.»TK. , .
Xi In the Superior Court, in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
Dept. 9, Probate.* In the matter of the estate of
L X W I SOU ER, deceased.
Notice is he. eby given, that In pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State .of California,
made on the Sth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS &OIIKK, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the estate of LEWIS SDIIEK, deceased, will
sell st public auction to the highest bidder for
i ash and subject to confirmation by said superior
Court on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, Ws9«. at 12 o'clock m., at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Umbsen _ Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, in the city and- County of San Francisco.
all the right, title. Interest and estate of tae
saia LEWIS SOHER, at the time or his death,
and all the right, title and interest that the
said esta'.e- has, by operation- of law or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at tbe time of his
death, in and to ail those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of lan situate and Delnsr in th city and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
bounded and described as fallows: :'-
Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six inch' s easterly from
the easterly line of Larkln street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Bush street
thirty feet, thence at right angles southerly one
hundred and thirty-seven feet and six inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment. - Being part of 50-vara lot No. 1367 as laid
down on the official Map of the City of San i Fren-
claco j'i"i a i m ■ i >nli I Jftli't ' dWiaifcHMm
Stcond— Commencing at a point in the southerly '
line of O'Farrell street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street titty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, thence at right angles southerly
along said westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
seven feet and six inches, thence at right angles
westerly nf:y-elznt feet, and thence at right
angles northerly nlnety-oeven feet ana six Inches
to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the
point of commencement, being part of 50-vara lot
No. 954 on me official map of the City of San
Francisco.
,i Terms - and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United States, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid to the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
said court. ■ Deed at the expense of purchaser.
I EM ILE SOUER, Administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of Lewis Sohjcb, de-
ceased. -i^gEaß-
Dated August 18, 1896.
W. A, P-CNICKTT, Attorney for Administrator, '-
_U_s building.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
TV*EVv hTTuseTiU^T^OPBnIeD. 124VSTOEARY":
—^ full line latest and best: cameras repaired;
iree daric From:, send tor catalog. (al. Camera Co.
THE I>IVOi;CE RECORD.
Complaints filed:
Mary J. Fuller acalnst Edwari L. Fuller.
May O'Neal against John B. O'Neal Jr.
Amalie Butenachon against 0. C Bu:enschon.
Divorces eranted:
Zacharlas Juda from (iialalup? Juda, for de-
sertion; by Jud-.-e Daingerfield.
Bessie Foster from William F. Foster, for deser-
tion: by Jndice Slack.
| Leona F. Burnbam from Louis P. Burnham, for
neglect: by Judgs -•\iwell.
Jennie C. Achorn from H. F. Achorn, for deser-
tion; by Judge Hebbard. .
G. B. Revi-yron from Alice J. Reveyron, for de-
sertion; by Judge Dalngerfield.
Mamie E. Tie; from li ben P. Tlcc, for desertion;
by Judee Sanderson.
iIIRTi^—JIAUPiIAGES—DEAItii
fßirth, marrlase and death notices sen; by m it 1
will not be in«eried. They mm. be handed in Vi
either of the publication odo'es and be lndor-»>i
with the name and residence of persooi auiborizaJ
to have thesamo publUhea.j r• ■
BORN.
HELIMAN— In this city, August 81. 1898, to th»
wife of Ernest Hellman, a ilanzhter.
SPIRO— In this city, September 1, 1836. to the
■vi:.- of I. H. Spiro. a son. "
MARRIED.
BUCKLEY— THOMPSON— m this elt- Septem-
ber L 1596. by the Rev, Dr. E. R. DUle, John D.
Buckley of Vallejo, Ca!.. and Jennie K. Thomp-
son of San Frauclsco.
GARRATT— In this city. September-.
lt>9B, by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dille, Milton D. Gar-,
nut and Flora C. Mcßiiln. both of San Francisco.
HERMANN— la Oakland. August 30.
189^. by the Rev. Dr. Frledlaader, Meyer Her-
mann and Bertha Gehllch.
McCOMBE— VIXT-In this city. September 2,
1H96, by the Rev. John H-mphill, D.D., John
McCombe of Belfast, Ireland, and Annie Vint of
DM Francisco.
McKEXZIE-FLAXXERY— In thlscUv. Septem-
ber 2. 1898. by the Rev. Dr. B. R. Dille, Samuel
McKenzle and Betha Flannery, both of Bentcia,
STBAXBERG-TYACK-In Fruit , Cal.. by
the hey. Dr. K. R. Dille. Charles C. Mranb^rgoJ
?y»n Francisco and Celia Tyack of Fruit
____ _____
liliLli.
Rruer, Captain John Mavrhofer, Edward
Byrne. Caroline C. Meyer, aiisuh "
Carroll, Cecelia A. Milatovich. Vincent
Dattlebanm, Mincred Miller. Jennie
Podße. Miles B. Pfelfier. Charles J.
Donovan, Francis H. Qulnri. James A.
Fo ey, Annie S&eedr, Michael
Kendrlck. Maurice . Taylor. Viola E.
Larsen, Maren D. Tyler. John H.
Walsh. Debora E.
BRUER— In this city, September 2. 1898. Captain
Jonn Bruer. beloved husband of Caro me s.
Bruer. and father or Ernst and Arthur Brner,
a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 49 years
and 5 days. Late captain of the ban Francisco
i-usileerj. Company C. late Second Regiment
Artillery, N. G. C. Member of the San Francisco
Fuslleers Mutual Bern-tit Fund, Gesellschaft
Teatonia and Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W.
JB_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
- (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. from his late resi-
dence, corner Railroad an 1 Tenth avenues. South
San Francisco, thence to Teutonia Hall. 1322
Howard street, between Nintn and Ten rh. where
funeral services will be held, commencing at _
o'clock p. m. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
A. O. U. W. — Harmony Lodsre No. 9, A. O. U. W.
■ Officers and members: Yon are requested to
attend the fnneral of brother J. Bruer THIS
DAY (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. St.. from Teutonia
Hall. R. W. ENGLISH, M. W.
L. John'Skn', Recorder.
BYRNE— In this city, Septembers, 1893, Caroline
C, Deloved daughter of Matthew and Katie
Byrne (nee Lucas), and sister of Robert Byrne,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 28
days.
CAKROLL— In this city, September 3. 1896, at
the residence of the parents, 61 7 Guerrero street
Cecelia Anita, beloved daughter of John J. and
Celia Carroll, a native of ban Francisco, aged 1
year and 5 days.
_5-Funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 2:30
o'clock p. x. Interment private.
DATTLEBAUM— In this city, September 3, 1896,
■ Mtudred, beloved daughter of Marcus and Jen-
nie Dattiebaum, aged 9 months and 25 days.
DODGE— In this city, Septembers, 1896, Mile*
B. Dodge, beloved husband of Laura M. Dod-.e.
and father of Mortimer M. and Albert C. Dodge,
a native of Rochester, N. V., ayed 67 years 4,
. months and 23 days.
DONOVAN— In this city, September 3. 1893,
Francis Henry, beloved son of John and Mary
Donovan, a native of San Francisco, aced 1
month and 12 days.
FOLEY— In this city, September 3. 1896. Annl«
(Anita), beloved daughter of Thomas and Mary
Foley. a native of San Francisco.
KEXDIiICK— In this city, September 2, 1896
Maurice, beloved husband of Annie Kendrick,
and father of Mitflv, Anne. Nellie and. Harry
- Kendrick, a native oj Boston, Mass., aged 42
year* 9 months and 26 days.
Friends anl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS s,\Y-
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from his late rs3l-
aence, 911 Sancnes street. Interment Mount
•Calvary Cemetery.
LABSEX— In thiscitv, September 3. 1893. Maren
Dorothea, beloved daughter of sina and M. Lar-
sen, and sister of Una and Lilla Mathilda Lar-
sen, a native of Denmark, ageJ 16 years.
Ma Y'RHOFER— In this cltv, September 3. 1898,
Edward, beloved son of Leonard and Antonia
Mayrhofer. a native of Sail Francisco, aired 7
months and 17 days. ..
«_-Funeral TO-MORROW (Saturday), at 10
o'clock a. _ from the residence of his parents
710 Webs.er street, between Grove and Fulton
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city. September 1. 1891. Angnst
Meyer, beloved husband of Amelia Meyer and
brother-in-law of Aaron Meyer, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 66 years and 4 montns. A
member of Herman Stamm No. 224. U. O. it. M
■Washington LodeeNo 60. A. O. U.W., American
I o Ice No. 2229, K. of EL, Court Golden Gate \o
6681. F. of A., Sijel Grove No. 7, U. A. O. D. and
Ciarfleld Post No. 34. G. A. R.
O~Frtends and a quaimances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral THIS u-vy
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzier, 636 Washington
street, thence to 510 Bosh street, where the
services will be held commencing at 9 :30 o'clock
a. x., under the auspices of Herman Stamm No.
-"-•i, U. O. R. M. Interment Cypress Lawn'
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train.
MILATOVICH— In this city, September 2.1896
Vincent Milatovich. a native or Austria, aged 89
years 7 months and 2 day*.
W Friends nre respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday). at
10 o'clock a. _ at his late residence, "1604
Stockton street, thence to the Church of sts
. Peter and Paul, Filb°rt and Dupon: streets,
where mass will be celeorated for the repose of
his soul. Interment priva:e. Mountain View
Cemetery. - Please omit flow
MILLER— In thlscity, September 2, 1896. Jennie,
beloved wife of August >_ Miller, and mother of
Gussleand Lutie Miller, and sister of Mrs. T. H
Morton and Willie Taylcr, a native of Bed Bluff
Cal.. aged 31 years 11 months and 27 days.
__-Frtends ana acquaintance are respect-
fully Invr.eil to attend the funeril THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock _. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 133y 2 Haight street, between Octavla
•and Lacuna, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
south side of Fell street, between Flllmore and
Webster, for services at 10:30 o'clocic a. k.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PFEIFFER— In this city, September 3. 1896,
Charles J.. beloved son of Louis and Christina
Pfeiffer. and brother of Mrs. F. P'eiffer, Mrs. J.
Gibson, Mrs. L. Stuhr, Mrs. S. L Simmons and
Henry and Emma Pfeiffer, a native of New
York, aged 35 years 5 months and 26 days.
QUINN— In YountviUe, Napa County, September
3. 1896. James A. Qnlnn, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years.
4£S" Notice of funeral hereafter.
SHEEDY— In this city, September 2. 1896, Mich-
ael, dqarly behoved husband of Margaret sneedy.
father of Annie, Thomas. Joe. Michael and Mag-
gie Sheedy, brother of Mrs. Maggie Culllgan of
New Durham, N. J., and Marcus iheedr of San
Diego, Ca!.. deary beloved brother-in-law of
Mrs. P. Gorman, and cousin of Annie, Mary and
Delia McGrath. a native of Tulltbrack. County
Clare, Inland, aged 42 years 9 months and 21
days. [New Rocrielle (N. V.). New Jersey and
Connec.lcut papers please copy. I
A_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fr.Uy Invited to a .end me funeral THIS >.\{
Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 568 Steve i son street, thence to Su Pat-
riot's Church, where a solemn requiem man
- will he celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . >
TAYLOR— In this city, September 2. 1896. Viola
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Lewis and Kail*
Taylor, and granddaughter of James and Cath-
erine Kenney, a native of San Fraacisco, Cil.
aged 1 rw and 8 months. ■ .
__~Frlends and acqalantances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral THIS j.\f
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. _.. . from the resi-
; dence of the parents. 1567 Hurkeistre.ec, near
E:even:h. Interment Hoi.- Cross Cemetery.
TYLER— in 'he City and Coin..- Hosoltat, Sep-
tember 3, 1896, John H. Tyler, aged 38 years.
WALS.H— In this city. September 2, 1893. Debora
E., beloved daughter of James J. and Catherine
Walsh, and sister of Mrs. G. Rottanzl and
James, Joseph and Flora Wils'i, a native of Saa
Fr&n Cisco, Cal., aged 19 yeau 3 months and 14
days.
JJ3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ins funeral THIS _._¥
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it, from her late
residence, 2504 Bryant avenue, near Twenty-
third street, thence to St. Peter's Church, Ala-
bama street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for t_e repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. _. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.'.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, , I
FUNERAL BISECTORS _ EMBALMKB3
20 FUtb St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; In no sense ex-
clusive;, location unexcelled. Office &97 _L_r_tf
, street, southeast corner or SlxUh
1516
DEATH BENEATH
GLOWING LIME,
Thomas McCreary Meets an
Awful End in a Col
lapsed Kiln.
CONE RODS GAVE WAY.
Tons of Burning Rock Crushed
Down on the Unfortu
nate Laborer.
ONLY A MEMBERLESS TRUNK.
The Body Pres nted a Ghastly Sight
When It Was Lifted From
Its Position.
Thomas McCreary, a lime-drawer, about
40 years of ape, met an awful death at
William Shipley's lime kiln, foot of Mont
gomery avenue, last evening at 8 o'clock.
McCreary, assisted by Grant B. Shipley,
son of the proprietor of tue Kiln, was un
derneath the cone, busily engaged draw
ing out thd tons of burning llmerock
stowed in the furnace.
Suddenly the iron rods which held tbe i
cone, or cooler as it is known to limt- ;
turners, gave way. Young Shipley heard
the sound o; the breaking iron and sprang
backward just in time to save his life.
McCreary, however, was not so fortu
nate, and the entire mass of glowing lime
struck him and he was buried beneath it.
The sound of burning flesh could be heard ;
as the red hot briruestone ate its way into
the unfortunate man's body.
The lime was blazing up* and threaten
ing to set fire to the woodwork around the'
kiin, so G. T. Parrott and Charles Swen
berpr turned in an aiarni from box 192.
The fire soon ceased to blaze, however,
but District Engineer Shaug nt*ssey put his
men at work shoveling away the deDris in
order to find McCreary's body.
It was a difficult task, as the fumes
from the lime almost suffocated the fire
men. A constant stream of water was I
played on the glowing mass and the body j
was finally recovered. It was a grewsome
sight — a headless and limbless trunk,
charred and crushed beyond recognition.
Tbe lirubs and kull had not been crushed
off by the weight of the rock upon them,
but had been cremated in the fearful heat.
In another half hour the entire body
would have been consumed.
"The rods which hold the cooling cone
in place must have given away," said
William Shipley shortly after the acci
dent. "I I aye constructed several kilns
similar to the one which gave way to
night. There must have been some flaw
in the iron rods, as they have but little
weight to bear and are expected to be able
to stand many times the strain put upon
them."
McCreary was an experienced man, hay-
W. C. Braly. Chief of die Accc unts Division of the General Land Office, Who
Yesterday Met His Brother, J. M. Braly. of 1 resno, Aftsr a Separation
of Forty-, ight Years.
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artist.]
ing worked around limekilns for over ten
years, but experience counted for naugi.t
in last night's accident.
Deceased was an unmarried man, but
leaves a mother and father, who reside in
the State of Washington. It is also pre
sumed that he had a brother, who resides
in this City, but his address is unknown.
Attempted Suicide.
Eugene Sullivan, a victim of the morphine
habit, who is serving a bix m> nths' sentence
in Branch County Jail 2 for petty larceny,
m;.ae an attempt to commit suicide yesterday
morning;. He obtained permission to go to
NEW TO-DAT.
I Exposure M
frttf) to the weather can be counter- %~l
XX acted by a dose of Fred Brown's §£
VjM Ginger. Stimulates the system ?M
%M to throw off chill, rheumatism, VM
fQJjg or cold. Non-alcoholic. KIW
Fred Brown's
Jamaica Ginger
off) At all druggists. rsyci
|Wy FKED BK,»«\ CO., Philadelphia. fM
the jail barber- shqp, and ai be entered be
seised an oid razor aud slushed his left wrist
a< d i ■Women, lie was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Ms wounds, which were not
serious, were dressed, and he was sent back to
ja 1. His body is tdmost covered with punc
tures from the hypodermic needle.
•—• — + — ♦
THAT COCKING MAIN.
The Jury In the Cs»-e of John Maher
Falls to Agree Upon a
Verdict.
A jury in Judge Low's court was occu
pied all yesterday afternoon and part of
the evening in trying (he case of John
Maber, one of the men arrested for making
preparations for a cocking main.
The arrests were made on Sunday,
Aupust. 2, by Secretary Hoi brook of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, as. ; i.-tPd by a number of special
officers and officers belonging to the so
ciety just as the men had boarded the
barge xolo at the Arctic Oil Works' wharf.
Over two dozen birds in sacks were cap
tured in the pilot house on the barge.
Secretary Holbrook prosecuted and the
defendant" was represented by Attorney
Ed Sweeney. A large number of wit
nesses were examined for the prosecution
and defense, and the testimony on either
side was strongly contradictory.
After arguments of counsel the case was
piven to the jury. They were out for some
time, and returned reporting that they
had failed to ap:ree upon a verdict. They
were accordingly discharged. It was said
that ten were for conviction and two for
acquittal.
The case was continued till to-morrow,
to be again set lor trial.
MET AFTER MANY YEARS.
Nearly Half a Century Inter
vened Since the Separation
of the Bralys.
Chief Braly on the Rush to Locate
Mining and Agricultural Lands
in the West.
There was a strange reunion at the
United States Land Office in this City
i Wednesday. The reunion was after a sep
aration of no less a time than forty-eight
years, and occurred between J. M. BraJy,
the widely known vineyardist of Fresno,
and W. C. Braly, his brother, who is
chief of the accounts division of
the United States Land Office, Wash
ington, D. C. Mr. Braly of Fresno, learn
ing that his brother had arrived in town,
went at once to see him, and then they re
paired together to the Lick House to talk
I over their singularly long separation,
i fraught as it was with things of momen
tous importance to tbem.
"The family were living near St. Lonis
forty-eight years ago." said Chief Braly,
"and my brother left and went to South
west Missouri. Two years later he got the
gold fever and struck out at once for Cah-
fornia without going home. I was a little
fellow when he left, being but 7 years of
age. My brother never got back across
the mountains, and I never set eyes on
him from the time he first left till to-day.
I snail go down with him of course to his
home in Fresno."
Then the chief spoke of his visit to the
West and of an unusual activity in locat
ing mining claims and certain kinds of ag
ricultural lands. It amounted, he said, to
a sort of boom. Some of the land offices
are doing a heavy business.
"I c»me by way of St. Paul over the
Northern Pacific road," he sail, "and
stepped ami inspected the orHres at
■ Helena, Miasoula, Oregon City, Sacra
mento, Stockton and this City. The most
valuable lands are all taken, except whpre
new reservations are being opened. But
there is a rush for new lands and there is
I qt.ite a business where men relinquish
j cjairus and others file on them.
I "There is a large business in some of
the m pin- districts, as is evinced by the
filing in the offices at Helena, Denver
ana some other points. The offices of the
burveyor-Generals indicate more acivity
in the business of loca.ing mining claims
than for several years. The bu-iness of
some ofnees is immense. The Denver
office amounts to from $12,000 to $15 000 a
; quaner. •?,««*
j "It is also very heavy at Helena, where
| they are locating gold claims.
'The San Fraucihco Land Office is dome
quite a business in original and final
i homestead papers. It seems that the
hard times bas driven the people both to
mining and to locating lands for homes."
Chief Braly will probably be in Cali
fornia two weeks or more. His home is
at I airviu w, Ark. He has been for several
years in the Land Department.
In former times deformed people were
frequently thrown into prison to be kt-Dt
out ot sight. • v
One million will read "Mechanics' Pair
" Advertise now. My sail Eollins/sa Clay,*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1896.
BIG SLASH IN
LOCAL FARES
Voluntary Reduction Made
by the Southern Pacific
Company.
CUT OF FORTY PER CENT.
Points on the West Side and
Porterville Branches to Be
Benefited.
HOPE TO INCREASE BUSINESS.
Forth er Reductions of a Similar Kind
Promised on Other Branch
Lines.
Passenger rates in the San Joaquin Val
ley, on the West Side branch of the South
ern Pacific and its connections, and on tbe
Porterville branch, have been reduced on
Map Showing Lines on Which Passenger
Kates Have Been Reduced.
an average of 40 per cent, the basis for
both through and local rates now being
3 cents instead of 5 cents per mile as for
merly. The new rates went into effect on
the Ist inst.
This means that not only are the rates
between the stations on these lines re
duced, but that the rates to any ot these
points from any station on the Pacific sys
tem of the Southern Pacific Company will
also be lower than heretofore.
Herewith are given tables showing the
new and old rates on the lines affected.
One shown the mileage and rates between
Tracy and the various points on the West
Side branch and its connections with the
main line, and tbe other those between
Fresno and Famoso, via Porterville.
WE»r SIDK BRANCH AND CONNECTIONS.
Tbacy to
it 3) - :-
-5 60 ; Yarmouth....
10 20 ;Vprn»lls.
18.00 Westey
25.10 Emerald...'.
30.80 Crows Landing
37.10 1 Newman...
41.10 Gostlne..
44.60 Llnora.
47.00 ilngomar
68 40 Vi.lta ;
6810 Ixm Bai.os~
65.90 Agatha
70.60 Dos Paios
77.40 0xa115.....
83.80 Firebaunn
92.2" Mendota.
94.80 Whiten Bridge
102.10 Jameaan.
110 BO Coll Is .*..
116 1 . Kolliida
120 10 Pratton "
126.99 ! F:esn'
« .20 » .30
.35 .f.6
• 65 .90
.80 1.30
95 1.65
Lift 1.90
I.' 6i 2.10
1.35 ».8S
1.45 2.36
1.86 270
1.75 2.96
2.00 8.90
2.16 5.55
2.M6 380
2.65 3.B'J
2.80 M.BO
2.85 880
3.10 3.80
3.36 3hu
3SO 3.80
3.65 i 3.80
i 3.80
117.30 McMullin
122 70 Ormus
118.30 farmhers '.'.'....'
134 40 Camio
l: j B2O L'lils
140.U0 JHarwlck . ..'.'....'.'.'.'.'.'.[
14tj.97 i Armoua
3.65 4.1S
3.70 4.45
3.8S 4.70
4.05 4.80
415 4 8
4.. 5 480
4.46 480
160.07 llanford 4gy
165. 27 jßfinnov 4.70 480
163.27 Gosben Junction ... 4.80
309 Banta
7.46 Ban Joaauin Brtdse..
11.09 |Laihrop ."."".1.".'.' '.'.'.'."
.15
.30
.40
PORTEBVILLK BRANCH.
ill
Feesno to
ft
i 5i 5
6.30 : Butler
fl.oo | ! vesta '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'
14.20 j Hanger Junction
19 80 jj-ortuna.
i! 4.40 Reedley
29 60 iJinui.H...
34.10 'Mooson '
40 90 jTaurnsa ...'..
47.60 !Ktwe.<h
6i.90 :Kxeter "**
• 8 80 j Lindsay
6300 Roth
69.30 iPortirvllle. ...'.".'.
77.10 :Tprra Beila
84.40 lOrrls.
83.60 iJasmln....
104.26 K»m>sa.
9 .20
.30
.45
.60
.76
.90
1. 5
1.25
1.45
1.60
1.80
1.90
2.10
2. 35
2.55
9 .35
.45
.78
1.00
1.25
1-50
1.76
2 05
2 40
2.60
•-'.65
2.65
2.65
3.65
2 66
2.65
2.65
The new rates are based on 3 cents a
mile, and where the distance is a fraction
of a mile it is considered as a mile; this
is the basis for local rates, that is, between
any two stations along the line, as well as
for the through rates. These reduced
rates, however, apply only to limited
tickets, on which a continuous trip must
be made, and the old 5-cent a mile rate is
still in effect for unlimited tickets, good
for »ix months with holdover privileges.
- Several . weeks ago Attention was at
tracted to the fact that these hich rates
prevailed in this section of the State.
through a communication sent to the Rail
road Commission by C. F. Bertbolf of Los
Banos, one of the points affected. This
communication was published in The
Call at the time and was evidently in
part responsible for tbe present voluntary
reduction made by the Southern Pacific
Company.
One of the assistant general passenger
agents, in speaking of these reductions,
stated that tde matter had been under
consideration for three years, but that the
situation was not considered favorable for
action until the present time. He added
that it was done purely to encourage an
increase in thl volume of traffic. He con
tinued as follows:
"We have done simply what we have
had in contemplation for some time, and
wherever we have the 5-cent rate in effect
we shall reduce it as fast as we find we
can stand it. This will be done wherever
we think it will aid lo develop business to
any extent."
MERCHANTS MEET.
Members Are Admitted and the Board
of Directors Arrange for a Charter
Ma«B-Mei*tiiig.
At a regular meeting ot the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association
yesterday, F. W. Dohrmann, the presi
dent, occupied the chair. The following
directors were present: Charles Bundschu,
James S. Conwell, F. W. Dohrmann, Wil
liam Doxey, A. Fusenot, Hugo D. Keil,
M. A. Rothchild and Frank A. Swain. The
following applications for membership
were received and the parties were unani
mously elected as regular members of the
Merchants' Association, making the total
membership 656 business firms: Edmund
Bernheim. G. L. Bresse & Co., W. E.
Bridge, Carson Glove Company, Electric
Laundry Company, Garcia & Maggini,
Ha?son & Hunt, Italian-Swiss Aericultural
Colony, Leege & Mills, McNub <fe Smith,
Metropolitan Match Company, Kehfish &
Co., Sun Francisco Towel Company, 0. B.
Schmidt, Schmidt & Bendixen, L. Spie
gel Dray ing Company, O. F. yon Rhein &
Co.
A classified official list of all the mem
bers of the Merchants' Association has
just been issued and 3000 copies distrib
uted throughout the City, it was decided
to hold tne next quarterly meeting of the
Merchants' Association on Thursday even
ing, September 10, in the Academy of
Sciences Hall. The special subject for the
evening will be the further consideration
of the new charter for San Francisco. The
board decided to attend the charter mass
meeingin Metropolitan Hall, on Friday
night, under the auspices ot the Citizens'
Charter Association, end all members of
the Merchants' Association are cordially
invited to be present.
AN ATTORNEY ANGERED
Devoto Had Good Reasons to
Go on His Client's
Bond.
Says He Owns P enty of Property to
Qualify as a Surety— Why
He Did It.
Attorney James A. Devoto has a decided
objection to being placed in the light of
having sworn falsely to his worldly posses
sions at the time when he qualified on the
bond of his client, G. B. Armanino, as is
alleged in an affidavit tiled last Wednes
day with the clerk of Justice of the Peace
Cook.
Mr. Devoto is district deputy grand
President of the Native Sons, a member
of Alcalde Parlor 154, and noble grand
arch of the Druids.
"In the latter capacity," stated the gen
tleman yesterday, "it was my duty to
make an official visitation to Santa Cruz.
This would have had to be delayed in
order to secure a proper bondsman, so I
broke away from my general rule and
went on my client's bond myself. It was
only a householder's bond of $100 with the
extent of liability of perhaps $10 for costs.
Upon oath I testified that 1 had $2000 in
bank and other property worth at least
$4000. This, certainly, was sufficient qual
ification.
"Incidentally in mentioning my posses
sions 1 stated that I was the owner of two
lots in Stockton. The affidavit wrongfully
denies this. The value of these lots, only
$400, cuts little figure in ray qualification
of $4000. However, I wish to show that
this statement of mine, made under oath,
was right.
"I purchased two lots in Stockton from
the Stockton Land Company for $400, pay
ing $190 as a preliminary, and taking im
mediate possession. I
"It seems to me that the affidavit filed
must have been inspired by malice, for no
one could possibly ana rightfully question
my abili y to meet a $100 obligation."
Attorney Devoto is a man of high stand
ing in his profession, and is well thought
of in a social and iraternal way.
DET ECTED IN THE ACT.
Harry Cohen Arrested In the Palace
Hotel for Burglary.
Harry Coben, a well-dressed young man,
was charged at the City Prison yesterday
with burglary.
Wednesday afternoon he entered a room
on the fourth floor of the Palace Hotel,
occupied by a man from Btockton. The
visitor happened to return to his room
and found Cohen there with a tin box
containing valuable papers under his arm,
whicii he uad taken irom a trunk.
The bellboy was summoned and Special
Officer Glennon notified. Glennon placed
Cohen under arrest and took him to the
City Prison.
The police know nothing of Cohen's
past record. He gives his age as 18 years,
although he looks much older.
Woman ufl'raee Notes.
The Woman Suffrage headquarters in the
Parrott building wll. be kept open hereafter
until 10 o'clock on the first and third Thurs
day evenings of each month for the rec ption
of visitors. The fascinating ladies, whose
smile* gi..l the gluorn, will be there to cheer
the despondent and to rear aloft tue banner of
equal rights.
Miss Carrie Chapman Catt, one of the most
■uicesst'ul speakers of the movement, wiil be
here on Saturday or Sunday and on Monday
night will speak at a reception to be given her
at Golden uaie Hall.
SI 07 on tbe SIOO Valuation.
The new charter limits the tax levy to $1 07
upon the $100 and is therefore of direct in
terest to every taxpayer in San Francisco.
The subject of taxa.ion in the new charter
will be ful.y explained at the mass-meeting
to-night at Metropolitan Temple. Every uix
payer in San Francisco who is interested in
low taxes and economy in the City govern
ment should attend the meeting to-night.
Ladies are especially invited to attend. •
A tli in. town Fire.
At 5:30 a. m. yesterday an alarm was turned
In for a fire in the two-story frame building in
the rear of 930 Clay street, occupied by
Chinese as lodgings; ■■•.'■
The building, which .la - owDed 'by Annie
Herzog, was damaged to the extent of $700
ami the loss ; on the contents is estimated at
$300.
The fire was caused by the upsetting of a
coal oil lamp. -
The tiger's strength exceeds that of the
lion. Five men can easily bold down a
lion, bat nine are required to hold a. tiger.
JETER WILL HAVE
TWO YEARS MORE
So Says the Supreme Court
in a Unanimous
Decision.
NO PROVISION WAS MADE
The O:fice Had to Be Filled by
Gubernatorial Appoint
ment.
THE CONSTITUTION CONSTETJED
Justice Garoutte Concurs on Grounds
Detailed in a Separate
Opinion.
Mr. Jeter, it now appears, is to retain
the lieutenant-governorsbip of the State
for two years longer. Thus the Supreme
Court haa decided, its decision being unan
imous, though in his concurring opinion
Justice Garoutte bases the ruling upon
one or two special points not mentioned
in the opinion of the other Justices on the
Supreme Bench.
The decision has been looked lor with
considerable interest. In addition to the
fact tnat an important precedent was to
be established by it, the opinion was im
patiently awaited by Mr. Jeter's friends.
Then the office of Lieuteuant-Governor
might have some attractions for the hope
fnl office-seeker, as well.
Whatever the motives quite a flutter
was caused in legal, political and business
I circles as soon as it became known that a
decision had been rendered in the case of
the People ex relatione Lyncb against
James H. Budd, Governor of California.
j The important document commences as
I follows:
"This is an application for a writ of
mandate to compel the Governor to in
clude in his proclamation for the coming
election a cah to fill tie office of Lieuten
ant-Governor for the unexoired term of
Spencer G. Millard, deceased. Respond
ent has filled the vacancy caused by the
death of the Lieutenant-Governor by the
appointment of William T. Jeter, who has
duly qualified."
In continuation tbe point is noted that
both parties to the action unite in conced
ing that the Governor of the State was
vested with ample authority and undis
puted right to fill the vacant position of
Lieutenant-Oovernor in the manner in
which ue filled it. No question is raised
as to the legality of this proceeding, and
hence the court does not feel called upon
to consider it.
The opinion proceeds to cite the several
provisions of the State constitution hav
ing a bearing upon the election and quali
fication of Governor and Lieutenaut-Gov
ernor, calling attention to the article
which provides that the Lieutenant-Gov
ernor is to be elected at the same time and
in the same manner a 9 the Governor, and
that his term of office shall be of the same
duration.
In tbe event, of the death, impeachment,
resignation, removal or incapacity of the
Governor, the Lieutenant-Governor is to
act in his stead.
But, proceeds the decision, there seems
to be no provision for the appointment of
a Lieutenant-Governor in case the incum
bent fail, through death, impeachment or
other cause. Still, this point need raise
no difficulty, since it is provided against
in that aricie of the State constitution
which ordains that when a State office
becomes vacant, and the law designates
no special manner in which that vacancy
shall be filled, the Governor shall appoint
some proper person to tbe position until
the next election. This means, in the
case of a Lieutenant-Governor, ihe next
election at which a Lieutenant-Governor
is regularly to be elected— in other words,
the next State election.
Tbe law, tbe opinion proceeds to state,
makes no provision for the holding of a
s ecial election to the post of Lieutenant-
Governor in the event of that office be
coming vacant from any cause. Hence in
the event of a LieutenanUGovernor re
signing or dying it would be hard to
prove the legality of a special election
which might be had for the purpose of
filling the office. Tne mere fact of an
office being elective would not, in the ab
sence of any law authorizing ana regulat
ing an e'ection, render any attempted
election valid.
In a concurring opinion handed in with
the opinion of the bench Justice Garoutte
said:
The constitution provides that the powers
and duties of the office of Governor, In case of
a vacancy, shall devolve upon the Lieutenant-
Governor for he residue of the term or until
the disability diall cease. The constitution
iurther provides that in case of a vacancy in
both the offices of Governor nml Lieutenant-
Governor the president pro tempore of the
Senate shall act as Governor until the vacancy
be filled. The constitution does not provide
that the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall perform the duties of the office of
Lieuten«nt-Governor in case a vacancy exists
iv that office. Hence any such question is fore
closed.
The opinion goes on to recite the facts
leading to the institution of tbe suit, and
states Ibat the result of the litigation
would depend in part upon tue true con
struction of the words "the next election
by the people" in the constitution. The
incumbent of the office of Lieutenant-
Governor concedes tnat the next election
by the people will be tbe coming Presi
dential election in Novemb, r, but claims
that the words of the constitution should
be taken to mean the next election at
which the election cf a Lieutenant-
Govern ris regularly provided for. Jus
tice Garoutte contends that tbe constitu
tion must be interpreted as it stands, ami
that no intent not plainly apparent should
be presumed in construing its terms; and
though the appointee's commission ex
pires at the next election by the people,
still, in the absence of some law author
iz.ng the election of a Lieutenant-Gov
einorat that tinie.no such election can
beheld. Under these conditions he holds
that he present appointee must retain his
position until his successor shall be duly
elected and qualified, regardless of the day
upon which his commission may expire;
and that his successor can only be elected
at the time tixed by law, naine.y, at the
next regular State election it) 1898.
Captain Johnson Suspended.
Capt in Andrew Johnson of the iteamer
Point Arena was yesterday suspended for four
months from the office of pilot and captain. It
wi!l be remembered that on August 10 the
Point Arena ran ashore near Point Reyes, sus
taining damHßOs to the luuount of $1000. The
cas ■ came up before supervising Inspector of
Hulls and Boilers Berijiingbum, and now that
gentleman has rendered a decision suspending
Captain Johnson's license for fnur month.
NEW TO-DAT.
GOLD CURE,
Liquor and Opium Habt — Cures Guaranteed
No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges. Home treatment, book
free, tilth ye ;r. Any inebriate of sound mind
can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD CURE, 80S G ST.. Sacramento. Cal.
i^^^____ JfEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS. _ __;
FROIVE
OUR GREAT
CLOSING-OUT SALE
■ o:e»—
$300,000 WORTH
DRY GfJJDjLQAIS!
DRY GOODS_ANDjLOARS!
To illustrate the bargains that are drawing such crowds to our
great sale we present a few of the special lines that are to-day
offered for clearance
REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE!
VEILING! VEILING! VEILING!
.AA: 35 Cents JSacla.
38 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price 50c
reduced to 35c each. ' , '
-A-t 4O Cents Each..
32 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price 75c, re-
duced to 40c each.
jSL.~t 43 Cents ZEJjoiola..
29 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price 85c, re-
duced to 450 each.
__ -A-t BO Cents Each.
26 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED WASH VEILS, regular price $L re-
duced to 50c each. =v.. o
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
.A.* SO Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of good quality percale, in all fancy shades, latest
style goods, with bishop sleeves, worth $1 and $1 25, will be closed out at 50c each.
-A.t 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, "Stanley waist," all fancy shades
regular price $1 25 and $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
-£k-t SI.OO.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and striped
and figured percales, this season's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, will be closed
out at $1 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
-A.* SO Cents.
200 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black, regular value 85c, will be closed out at
50c a pair.
yZJJ r ": -A-t 75 Cents.
187 dozen 4-BTTTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered backs,
colors red, brown, tan and navy, also black, regular value ?1 25, will be closed out
at 75c a pair.
.A-t 78 Cents.
196 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white and black, handsomely embroidered
in colored stitchings, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
-A.t SI.OO.
175 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY GLOVES, genuine French kid, colors red, tan and
brown, regular value $1 50, will be closed out at $1 a pair.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-A-t 25 Cents.
80 pieces 40-INCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, in figured and brocatelle effects, reg-
ular price 40c, will be offered at 25c a yard.
-£L.t SO Cents.
68 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS, in bourettes, armure and mixed ef-
fects, will be offered at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
39 pieces 45-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NEW DRESS GOODS, two-toned colorings,
regular price $1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
At 73 Cents a, "3T*»,rci..
100 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in all the very latest tints and shadings,
regular value $1, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
-A.t SI.OO a "STnx-cl..
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN AND GROS-GRAINS, new designs, regular
value $1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
j£\.t dI.SO a, I?"£t.x*cl..
30 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, large, elegant designs, regular value $2, will
be placed on sale at $1 50 a yard.
MEN'S AND BOYS' FURNISHINGS!
j&.t 1 A Cents.
110 dozen LARGE-SIZE LINEN CAMBRIC COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted fast color, regular price $2 a dozen, will be closed
out at 7J^c each.
.A_t IS Cexxts.
65 dozen BOYS' FAST-COLOR MEDIUM-WEIGHT OXFORD PRINT, MADRAS
AND CHEVIOT WAISTS, made with three box-plaits in front, two on back, nickel
plated buttons on waistband, regular price 35c. will be closed out at 15c each.
J\jt 355 Cents.
120 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' LATEST STYLE CUSTOM MADE UNLAUNDERED
SHIRTS, with fast-colored bosom and detachable cuffs to match, size 3 12}^ to 16
regular price 90c, will be closed out at 35c each. ' "
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
-£Lt If? Cents.
175 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy, made
specially lor boys' wear, regular price 2oc, will be closed out at 15c a pair.
JKX 2*3 <r*en*««».
200 dozen MISSES' FINE RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double knees,
heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, also unbleached feet, regular price 40c, will be
closed out at 25c a pair.
-A_t S3 Cents.
190 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-spliced
hee s and toes, Hermsdorf black, good value at $4 50 per dozen, will be closed out
. at 25c a pair.
'iK^A. -A.* 35 Cents, 1 -,.:
100 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high-spliced
heels, double soles and toes, regular price 50c, will be closed out at 35c a pair.
'-A-t 15 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' SWiSS RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, low neck, sleeve-
less, silk trimmed neck and armlets, regular price 25c, will be closed out at 150
each.
-A.t 25 Cents.
90 dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS high
neck, long sleeves ; pants to match ; regular pr ce4oc, will be closed out at 25c each.
-A.+ SO Ce3tx-4-«=»
50 dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED CREAM EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS high
neck, long and short sleeves; drawers to mutca; regular value 75c, will be closed
out at oOc each. .
-A-t 73 Cents
6Od X e H^it?J^ S ' H JERSE T RIB BED WOOL MIXED VESTS, high neck, long and
S^^^lf^a^SeiP""^ —^-^bie, white and nSural,
~.j-~k f^m^r^^ MURPHY BUZLDUfQt /■'
(/(/ lariit street, comer m jfli^ /
OjBbJNT H •JtHt-AJKTOXfiI O*3fc»
:■■■■'.■■:■ : • ■ ■ - • : :