VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 64.
BOURKE COCKRAN
JOINS THE BOLT
The Brilliant New York
Democrat Defines His
Position.
IS OPPOSED TO BRYAN.
Lunacy and Villainy at the
Back of the Free-Coinage
Craze.
LOTH TO LEAVE HIS PAETY.
But Says That McKinley's Success Is
the Only Salvation for the
Country.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 2.— The Bnn
to-morrow will publisn the following inter-
Tiew with the rion. Bourke Cockran, who
returned from Europe on Sunday :
"What is your opinion of the political
situation ?"
"1 regard it as the gravest In the history
of the country, exceeding in importance
the crisis of 1860. The secession move
ment was but an attemnt to divide this
country between two governments, each
of them designed to protect property
within the limits of its jurisdiction. The
movement launched at Chicago is an at
tempt to paralyze industry by using all
the powers of government to take prop
erty from the hands of those who created
it and place it in the hands of those who
covet it.
"This ie a question of morals as well as of
politics. No political convention can
issue a valid license to commit offenses
against morality, and I decline to follow
Mr. Bryan in a crusade against honesty
and the rights of labor."
"Do you mean that you will actively op
pose the Democratic party or abstain
from an active support of it?"
"In a contest fo? the existence of civira
tion no man can remain neutral. Who
ever does not support he forces of cder
aids the forces of disorder. If I can do
anything to thwart a movement the suc
cess of which I would regard as an irre
parable calamity, not only to this country
but to civilized society everywhere, I shall
certalniy do it."
"What do you think of Tammany's »c
-tion in indorsing the ticket?"
"I simply cannot understand it. They
strongly opposed the platform at Chicago
on the ground that it was an assault on
the integr.ty of the Nation. They decline
to ratify it even now, which shows they
nave not changed their opinion of it. Yet
they have indorsed the candidate who
stands upon it, and whose election will
mean that the platform which they have
themselves denounced as a singular com
bination of lunacy and villainy shall be
incorporated into the statute law of this
country."
"Will you support Major McKinly out
right, or do you favor the nomination of
another Democratic ticket f"
"I beiieve that all Democrats who are so
thoroughly in favor of sound money that
they place the defeat of Bryan above the
success of any organization or party
should meet in convention for the purpose
of considering the form ana method by
which they can give the most efficiency to
their motion. For my part I don't be
lieve that the nomination of other candi
dates for President and Vice-President,
however eminent and deserving they
mig'H be personally or politically, would
serve any useful purpose; nobody believes
they could be elected, and any Democrat
whose hostility to Populism and Repub
licanism would not allow him to support
either Bryan or HcKinley, could show his
opposition to both by remaining at home
on election day quite as well as by voting
for a third ticket.
"It would be more convenient to himself
individually and would not create a vis
al'le separation between himself and his
party organization. Nevertheless, it is
very important in a movement of this
character that men intending to rupture
the party ties of a lifetime should be sus
tained by a sense of association among
themselves. That end could be attained
by the adoption of a platform declaring
for soand money; against extravagant
appropriations; in favor of economical
administration in every department of
Government; in favor oi a tariff for
revenue only and ample for tflat purpose;
against the paternalism of the Republican
party and the Populistic socialism of both
the Chicago and St. Louis conventions; in
favor of that Ame:ican liberty wnicb can
be mainted only by so limiting the power
of Government that it can never interfere
with the daily concerns of law-abiding
citizens.
"The plank of pressing importance in
such a platform is of course the currency
plank. Now the mere election of McKin
ley will be the defeat of the free silver
movement. The obvious policy then
would be to indorse the McKinley electors
and thus secure the immediate success of
the main feature of the platform. The
Democrats who will have achieved the
success of their financial plank by the
election of McKinley wih yet constitute
an opposition to tne Republican party
the day after election based on principles
which are certain to be ultimately adopted
by the American people. What is needed,
therefore, is not a new ticket, but a new
platform w:>ich will declare in unmistak
able language the cardinal features of the
party laith and which, while indorsine
McKinley electors, will provide for a
really Democratic opposition to the Mc-
Kinley administration during the period
of its existence."
"What is your opinion of the ultimate
outlook?"
"Everything depends on the manner in
which this campaign is waged. To my
mind tnere is but one test of prosperty
which can be applied to a country, and
that is the rate of wages paid to labor.
There can be no prosperity where low
wages are paid. There can be no distress
— »»ete the rate of wages is high. It can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
easily be determined that this whole free
silver movement is a conspiracy against
wages, and if the campaign is fought on
this line I have no doubt that every North
ern State — that is to say, every State of
the Union in which it is practicable to
hold a free election — will be carried by the
intelligence and morality of the American
people against the monstrous propositions
submitted to them by ihe convention
which nominated Mr. Bryan for the Presi
dency."
CHAIRMAN JUNES' PLANS.
The Democratic Chieftain Preparing to
Open His. Campaign.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.— Senator
Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the Na
tional Democratic Committee, arrived in
Washington to-day, and after a few hours'
rest at his residence went down to the
headquarters of tne Democratic Congres
sional campaign committee, where he had
an hour's talk with Secretary Gardner.
To-night the Senator said he was not yet
ready to announce the executive commit
tee, although it was possible that he
would name several of the members in a
day or two. He had practically made up
his mind as to some of them, but he did
not care to disclose them to-night. Per
haps the executive committee would not
be announced, or, at any rate, completed
until the full meeting of the National Com
mittee in New York on the 11th inst. At
that time the location of the National
campaign headquarters will also be se
lected, and in all probability the selection
would not be made before that time. The
Senator's choice for headquarters was
about evenly divided between Washing
ton and Chicago.
With regard to the insinuation of W. L.
Peek in the Atlanta Journal yesterday,
that he (Chairman Jones) had expressed
willingness to sacrifice Sewall and urged
Watson's nomination, the Senator said to
night it was utterly baseless. He bad re
ceiced a note from Mr. Peek stating that
Watson's nomination would be the salva
tion of Bryan, and he had not answered it
nor paid any attention to it. He had been
in St. Louis during the Populist conven
tion, but had r ever gone to any of its ses
sions nor participated in its work.
The Senator says he sees nothing but in
dications oi Democratic success wherever
he goes, and that far from any possibility
of the reaction the "gold bugs" are relying
on, the free-silver cause continues to show
a healthy and rapid growth.
"Those people who are looking for a re
action," said the Senator, "get their in
formation from the same sources that an
nounced up to a few months ago that the
silver lunatics were all dead or dying,"
Senator Jones says he will remain in
Washington all the week. It is expected
many prominent Democrats will meet
him during that time, including Senator
Gorman, who usually spends Mondays in
town. It is predicted that soon after see
ing Senator Gorman Chairman Jones will
announce the executive committee, or
part of it, and tnat a decision will be
reached as to whether an advisory com
mittee will be needed t is year.
GREETINGS FROM THE TIGER.
Sons of Tatnmenund : Send h Congratula
tion* to Bryan. .'.
LINCOLN, Neb., August 3.— This was a
quiet Sunday for Mr. Bryan. He attended
services at the First Presbyterian Church
in the morning and took a drive in the
afternoon. His brother, who resides in
Omaha, was his guest at dinner. . .
A number of telegrams from Congress
man Sulzer and other Tammany leaders
congratulating Mr. Bryan on his indorse
ment by the Tammany executive commit
tee have been received by the nominee.
The statement made by Senator Thurs
ton that Mr. Bryan is in the pay of own
ers of silver mines are to be answered. The
person who will reply to them has not
been named, but he will probably act by
authority of Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan's attention was called to
night to a statement published in a Chi
cago paper this morning that he had
promised the position of Attorney-Gen
eral, in the event of his election, to Gov
ernor Altgeld. He immediately dictated
the following and handed it to The United
Press representative:
In order £o answer, once for all, rumors in
regard to places promised, I desire to say that
1 have not directly or indirectly promised any
office oi any kind to any person whomsoever,
and shall not, during the campaign, promise
any office of any kind to any person.
PLANS OF KANSEN FUSIONESTS.
Democrat* Will Give the State Ticket to
the I'opulists.
TOPEKA, Kan., Aug. 2.— Ex-Senator
John Martin, a leader of the Kansas De
mocracy, is authority for the statement
that the Democratic State Convention at
Huichinson Tuesday will nominate no
candidates for State offices, but that ac
tion will be deferred pending the action
of the Populist convention, which meets
at Abilene on Wednesday, and that the
nominees of the Abilene convention will
then be indorsed by the Democrats. As
to Presidential electors, according to Mr.
Martin, there will probably be a fair divi
sion, representation being given to each
of the several political organizations favor
able to free silver legislation. The electors so
nominated will be instructed to vote for
Bryan and ior either Sewall or Watson,
whichever has the majority of votes cast
in the United States.
Fusion in Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 2.— Populist con
ventions were held in a majority of the
counties of Nebraska yesterday. The sen
timent almost without exception was
favorable to fusion with the fre.'-silver
Democrats on both State and county
officers. The Populist State Convention
will be heJd at Hastings Wednesday. A
straight ticket wiil be nominated and
later the Democratic State Convention, if
present plans are adhered to, will indorse
it in its entirety, the Populists agreeing,
of course, to support Bryan and Sewall on
the National ticket. In one or two coun
ties the middle-of-the-road members of
the party made mild protests, but any sort
of a revolt is improbable.
The Mud-HUnger at WorK.
KEARNEY, Nebe., Aug. 2.— ln a Popu
list rally here last night District Judge C.
R. Bcott of Omaha caused a sensation
when he in his speech classified McKinley
and Senator Sherman with HerrMost, and
declared that he had sent better men than
President Cleveland to the penitentiary.
Judge Scott gained notoriety several
months ago by ordering newspaper men
sent to jail for criticizing his course on
the bench. He was elected as a Republi
can, but has recently been an advocate of
Populistic doctrinea.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, AUGUST 3, 1896.
Billy B.—Jio, Tom Watson, you can't have any of tfrs pie.
CUBAN LEADERS ARRIVE,
Are Picked Up by a Pilot-Boat
Twenty-Five Miles From
Key West.
They Bring Important Dispatches for
the Junta and Say the Outlook
Is Cheerful.
KEY WEST, Fla., Aug. 2.— Thi» aft
ernoon the pilot boat Glance returned to
port, having picked up a small boat twen
ty-five miles ont in the Gulf, with Com
mander Joaquin Delgado, Lieutenant Fer
nando de Velasco and a Spanish boatman,
the party having left Cuba last Friday
night. Saturday morning they fell in
with a Norwegian bark, which took them
on board and brought them over. The
boat they left Cuba in, being in a leaky
condition, the captain of the bark ex
changed with them a better one.
Commander Delgado brings important
dispatches for the Cuban Junta. Being
interviewed he said that provisions were
very scarce in Pinar del Rio district, but
plentiful in the province of Havana. He
said that battles are of daily occurrence in
Pinar del Rio, which province, with the
exception of the capital, is in the hands of
the insurgents.
Lieutenant Velasco is a member of Gen
eral Zayas' s taff. Being asked about the
reported death of Zayas, he stated it was
not true; that he left Zayas on Friday,
and that he was well.
He claims the report started from the
fact that a young. man was killed a few
days ago who bore some resemblance to
Zayas, and the Spaniards, eager to spread
such a report, grasped at the faot of the
resemblance to report that General Zayas
was dead.
Delgado and party left Cuba from
Mariel, and just as they were about to
leave three Spanish soldiers came upon
them, when a band-to-hand fight took
place. Delgado and his companions killed
the three. The blood-stained machetes
captured from the Spaniards are now in
the possession of a Cuban club in this city.
QUARANTINED EXILES.
Fugitives From. Cuba Arrive at Btaten
Island.
QUARANTINE, & 1., Aug. 22.— Among
the passengers on the steamer Antilia,
from Nassau, which' arrived this evening,
are Colonel Enrique Cespedesof the Cuban
army and seven of his party, who left
Nue vitas, Cuba, in a small boat and
landed at Nassau, embarking on the An
vil ia for this port. The colonel's com
panions are: M. C. Adama, Modisto Leon,
Eduardo Laborde, Emilie Agrenot, Jose
Cabrera, Grover Flint and John H. Bmith.
Flint is a representative of the New
York Journal. Colonel Cespedes carries a
crutch owing to a bullet-wound in the
knee. He says everything is very quiet in
the eastern section of Cuba at present and
the situation is very favorable for Cuban
success. Active hostilities will commence
in September in every part of the island.
Very little news is exchanged between the
eastern and western sections oi the island.
COLORED TROOPS FOR CUBA.
Georgia :- and Florida Will \ Supply '; a
■ . .  Thousand Men. : : :
CHICAGO, 111./ Aug. 2.— A special from
Muncie, Ind., say s :' Truman Btewart f will
sail r ' in { October * from Key West, Fla., for
Cuba with over 1000 J colored ; recruits for
the Cuban army from the Btates of Georgia
and Florida. Mr. Stewart j has personally
interested *-, himself "in the cause of \ the
Cuban insurgents, and has made all nec
esary arrangements for transportation of
his soldiers to the island, and spent a great
deal of time in the. South the past winter
and spring perfecting his plans. For the
benefit of ; his i cause he will have a grand
Cuban festival and band concert at Selma,
;Angnst^;--^v,-.-V-^. ■■:■■:..'-■■■■■■:-• '■ ■■■■-;.■ ■ ■■■;, .
Adopting Southern Pacific Methods.
ALTON, Pa., Aug. 2.— Orders have been
issued by the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company which reduce the working time
in the extensive shops here to five days a
week of eight hours each. The reduction
goes into effect this week, and 5000 men
are affected.
RIOTOUS STRIKING TAILORS.
Non- Union Men Being Taken Into the
Brotherhood, But Not Without Vig-
orous Persuasion.
NEW YORK, N. V., ug. 2.— Rioting
was the chief feature of i£e tailors' strike
on the East side to-day, and although
there were but few arrests made. Acting
Captain Hogan kept his reserve ready to
quell any disturbance that might occur.
On account of the Contrators' Associa
tion deciding at a meeting Saturday niirht
to open their shops to-ciay and to take
union or non-union men to work, the
Brotherhood of Tailors had committees in
front of every shop at 5:30 o'clock in the
morning and as the men came to work
tried to persuade them to join the strik
ers. In most cases the committees were
successful, but not without several small
fights which the police quickly stopped.
When Leander Schoenfeld was seen and
asked what he thought the outcome of the
present situation would be he replied:
"The situation to-day is much better
than I ever expected after a ten-day strike
and my men are more determined than
since they went out. I am almost posi
tive that the contractors will realize in a
few days that if they care to run their
shops they must settle their differences
with the Brotherhood of Tailors."
During the afternoon it was figured that
about 1500 non-union men who were go
ing to work this morning had joined the
strikers. All the shops that signed the
agreement with the brotherhood were
working during the day and took in about
1300 of the strikers.
From reports received from Brooklyn
and Brownsville it is learned that the men
there are still out.
MURDERED BY HIS SON,
Beaten and Choked to Death
While His Helpless Wife
Looks On.
Shoking Fate of an Aged Miner Who
Had Administered a Fath
erly Rebuke.
GREENSBURG, Pa., Aug. 2.-one of
the most fiendish murders ever committed
in this locality was perpetrated at the lit
tle mining village of Darragh, near the
Madison Coal Works, last night about 12
o'clock. Patrick Coyle, a gray-haired
miner 70 years of age, was pounded and
choked to death by his son, Walter Coyle,
aged about 24 years. Old Mrs. Coyle, the
mother of the murderer, was an eye-wit
ness to the horrible crime, and on her
knees pleaded for the life of her husband,
but finally was compelled to fiee.
Young Coyle's wife recently became de
mented and was sent to an asylum on Fri
day last, Coyle's aged parents taking
charge of her infant. Young Coyle came
home last Saturday night and was re
proached by his lather for drinking and
neglecting his child. The young man
sprang at his father and choked and beat
him to death. The mother sounded the
alarm and a number of stalwart miners of
the neighborhood came in, and after a des
perate struggle overpowered the murderer.
The Sheriff was sent for and Coyle was
was taken to jail.
Died of Heart Failure.
EAGLE PASS, Tex., Aug. 2.— Major
Jesse W. Sparks, United States Consul at
Piedras Negras, Mexico, died suddenly
yesterday at his room at the International
Hotel of heart failure. Major Sparks was
a prominent candidate for Governor of
Tennessee when appointed Consul by
President Cleveland. He was vice-presi
dent of the United American Veterans,
an association of united Confederate
soldiers.
CRIMINAL CAREER ENDED
Remorse Drives a y Maryland
Murderer to Confession
and Suicide.
An Innocent Man Under Sentence of
Death, for One of His Many
Crimes
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 2.— A convict
known as Fred Whitney, who committed
suicide at the Maryland Penitentiary yes
terday, appears by his own confession to
have added murder to his long list of
crimes. Friday afternoon Whitney sought
ont Warden Weyler and intimated that he
meant to end his miserable existence. In
the Course of his conversation with Mr.
Weyler the man said his real name was
Frederick Hildebrant and that his home
wan in Detroit, Mich.
The "hold-up" of City Councilman
Swindell, for which Whitney was serving
an eighteen years' sentence, occurred on
March 23, 1895. In his confession he said
that while fleeing from the Baltimore de
tectives he killed and robbed a man in
Altoona, Pa., in April of last year.
"While we were in Altoona," declared
Whitney, or Hildebrand, to the warden
on Friday. "I assaulted a man on the
street, murdered him and robbed him of
his money, quite a large sura." For this
murder another man was arrested, tried
and convicted and was sentenced to the
penitentiary for life."
"Was your pal Williams implicated in
this murder?" asked the warden.
•'No, sir; I did it myself. I am alone
guilty and can stand the strain no longer."
The warden tried to gain more informa
tion from his prisoner, but failed. He set
apart an hour for a further conference
with Hildebrand, but the opportunity for
which the prisoner had long waited pre
sented itself yesterday, and the unfortu
nate prisoner threw himself from a win
dow and dashed out his brains on the
flagging thirty feet below.
Information from Altoona states that on
April 5, 1895, Henry Bonneka, a reputed
miser, was murdered. A man named
Wilson was arrested and convicted of the
crime, mainly on circumstantial evidence,
and is now awaiting the death sentence.
The suicide was 35 years of age. When
incarcerated in tne penitentiary he gave
his occupation as a ball-player.
John B. Williams, who was implicated
in the Swindell hold-up in this City, and
is serving an eighteen-years' sentence in
the penitentiary, confessed to Warden
Weyler to-day that Hildebrand's state
ment was true.
"Hildebrand killed old man Bonneka,"
he said, "and secured $11,000. I helped
him count the money. We buried it near
Altoona."
District Attorney Hammond talked with
the Warden of the Baltimore penitentiary
to-day and learned that Hildebrand was
insane when ha made the confession. The
news created a good deal of excitement in
this city, especially among the people who
believe Wilson and Farrell innocent, they
having been convicted of the murder of
the miser on circumstantial evidence.
WHITNER'S CONFESSION.
Mterepancif* in Hit Account of thej
Murdrr of Bonneka.
ALTOONA, Pa., Aug. 2.— lf the confes
sion of the convict known as Frederick
Whitney, who committed suicide at the
Maryland Penitentiary, is true— that he
killed Henry Bonneka in this city— an in
nocent man now lies under sentence of
death for the murder. There are some
discrepancies in the story of Whitney's
contession, as sent from Baltimore, as to
the facts of the murder. Bonneka was not
killed npon the street, but was found
strangled to death in his house here on
April 6, 1895. Whitney was in Altoona at
the time of the murder, was suspected,
and was followed to Baltimore by detect
ives, but not enough evidence was gath
ered against him to warrant hit arrest.
Three other men fell under suspicion, and
finally one of them, Frank Wilson, was
arrested. Wilson at first admitted having
been present when Bouneka was killed.
He afterward retracted his admission, and
was recently tried and convicted of mur
der in the first degree. He is now under
sentence of death in the County Jail. The
other two men who are suspected of hav
ing been Wilson's accessories are still fu
gitives from justice.
FUNERAL DAY AT BRIDGETUN.
Eleven Victim* of the Railroad Collision
liurird on the Sabbath.
BKIDGETON, N. J., Aug. 2. —The bodies
of eleven victims ot the railroad collision
at Atlanta City were buried from this city
to-day. One was buried yesterday, to
morrow there will be four more burials,
and Tuesday nine. Thus, if no more suc
cumb to their injuries, there will have
been twenty-eieht deaths from among this
city's population.
There were so many funerals that the
facilities for burial were overtaxed. Great
crowds, largely made up of tearful women,
gathered in the streets outside the funeral
houses and flocked in groups about the
old stone church, Broad street and Over
brook cemeteries, where to-day's inter
ments took place. There were expres
sions of sorrow for the dead, words of
sympathy for the suffering and ready
offers of succor to the bereaved. Fortu
nately, though, there are very few if any
cases of real need so far as known.
TRAGEDY IN A SUNDAY-SCHOOL.
Frenzied Deed of a Prominent Citizen
Over a Debt.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Aug. 2.— A special
from Thomasville, Ga., says George T.
Russins shot and killed John P. .Lilly in a
bunday-school at Metcalf, Ga., to-day.
Both men are prominent in county af
fairs. It is thought Russins was crazy.
He had fallen out with Lilly recently*
about an account due by him to Lilly
Both men were at Sunday-school in the
Bapiist church. Rnssins drew his pistol
and rushed at Lilly, shooting him without
a word passing. Lilly fled to the door and
Russins pursued and shot him again and
then jumped on him and cut his throat.
Then Russins tried to commit suicide by
taking laudanum, but vomited up the do?e
and is now entrenched in his room with
pistol, razor and poison, vowing he will
not be taken alive.
STRANGE FATALITY.
Three Young Persons Killed While Seek-
in'/ Refuge Front a Storm.
ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 2.— A special to
the Constitution from Birmingham, Ala.,
says:
Maynard Covens, a well-kDown young
man, and Miss Dovie Proctor, daughter of
a prominent citizen, were instantly killed,
and Miss Delia Bishop, a friend of Miss
Proctor, fatally Injured by a falling build
ing at Columbus City, Ala., last night.
The young man was out walking with the
ladies, when a dark cloud gathered. A
heavy wind and rain ftorm shortly fol
lowed, and the trio, to e-cape the fury of
the elements, sought shelter in an old
buildin :. The building coi.'.apsed during
the storm and all three were caught under
the falling timbers. No other damage was
done by the storm.
Tragic Settlem'nt of an Old Debt.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 2. — Daniel
Clough, a well-known resident of Darling,
Minn., was shot and killed to-day by
George Eckman. Eckman and two com
panions met Clough, and Eckman began
to abuse him. Clough told Eckman'*
companions to take Eckmao away, as h e
wanted no trouble with him. This an
gered Eckman and he drew a revolver and
shot Clough. Eckman is about 60 years
of age and Clough was about 35. The onl y
cause assigned for the killing is an old
claim of Eckman 's that Clough owed him
for some work done some time ago.
Death of Mcholas Ball.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Aug. 2.-Hon.-
Nicholas Ball, the 'King of Block Island"
for forty y*ars, is dead at his Ocean View
Hotel, on the island. He leaves a large
fortune, the nucleus of which was gathered
at "Rattlesnake Bar," on the north fork
of the American River, in California, in
the yeara 1849-SL.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FIRE DESTROYS A
FRESNO CHURCH,
The First Baptist House of
Worship Burned to
the Ground.
DEED OF AN INCENDIARY
Firemen Save the Business Sec
tion of the City Only by .
Heroic Labor.
END OF A RELIGIOUS FEUD,
Pastor and Congregation Had Quar-
reled for Possession of
the Sanctuary.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 2.— The First Bap.
tist Church, one of the finest edifices of
its kind in this city, located at the corner
of Merced and J streets, was destroyed by
tire to-night. The conflagration was of
incendiary origin. M. V. Dutcher, clerr
at the Hughes Hotel, was attending ser
vices at the Presbyterian Church, which
is in the same block.
At the first cry of fire he ran out, and as
he neared the Baptist Church he saw a
man running away with a bundle under •
his arm. Dutcher did not recognize tile
man. The fire started in an anteroom
under the north stairway of the church,
and it was from this place that the maa
was seen running.
The alarm was turned in at 8:45 o'clock. *
When the department arrived all that ■
could be seen was a little blaze in the base
ment. A hole was chopped into the base
ment wall and a stream turned on. The
nozzle broke and the stream had to be
turned off for five minutes, but there did.
not appear to be any necessity for a second
stream. The first was started .again,, but
suddenly the whole roof of the church be
came ablaze. Then the department real- .
ized the extent of the fire and went to work
with a will, but the edifice was doomed. •
Instead of a small tire in the basement
flames were raging between th A partition
walls and the attic in the c urch when
the department arrived. The firemen did
not know this until too late. A strong
breeze was blowing and it sent clouds of
embers directly upon the business portion
of the city.
Chief Hart was fearful that a disastrous
conflagration would result, and sent fire*
men to assist tne owners of buildings ia
wetting roofs. Fire broke out several
times on the roof of the Grand Central
stables, a wooden structure located in the
heart of the city, and it was with difficulty
that it was kept from gaining any head
way.
The large bell of the church fell at 9:30
o'clock with a terrible crash, which could .
be heard several blocks away.
The First Baptist Church was built in '
1884 at a cost of $4500. In 1892 it was en
larged at an additional cost of $7500. The
furniture of the church- was valued at
$1000.
There has been contention over tlie
church between Dr. Eshelman and his
congregation. Dr. Eshelman advanced
$7500 when the church was enlarged, and
the congregation claims that he donated
the money, having the pastor announce
the fact at the time. Afterward he se
cured a mortgage on the property for
money advanced, and the congregation
claims that he did this by questionable
means.
. Dr. Eshelman has a suit pending to fore
close the mortgage, which it was the in
tention of the congregation to contest.
Dr. Eshelman bad what he claimed as
his interest fully insured, but the congre
gation carried no insurance. The trustees
of the church recently wanted to take out
a policy, but on account of shortage of
funds the congregation did not order
them to do so.
The City Hall, which is only half a
a block distant from the church, was seri
ously threatened during the fire, but
buckets were brought into requisition and
the structure was saved. Just as the fira
at the church wa3 under control an alarm
wns sounded for some shed? adjoining tne
Snerry Flour Mills, which had been ignited
from sparks. The damage was small.
FIRE IS CRAMP'S SHIPYARDS,
Oreat Paint Shop Ueatroyed, Entailing a,
'Lost nf $10,000.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 2.— The
big yards of tne Cramp Ship and Engine
Building Company were last night the
scene of a fire which, before it could be ex
tinguished, swept out of existence the
great paintshop with most of its contents,
entailing a loss ci about $40,000.which, how
ever, is fully covered by insurance. The
burned structure was of frame, 200 feet
long by 90 feet wide.
The splendid steam launch of the battle
ship lowa was receiving its fittings in the
paintsbop, but a gang of men rushed ia
and pulled it out scarcely a moment before
the roof fell in. The burned building con
tained a big stock of paints, oils and var
nisnes, as well as all the fancy and hard
wood nttiius that are to go in tne vessel
in course of construction at the yards. All
these were destroyed.
Ohio Town .Swept by Fire.
BRYAN, Ohio, Aug. 2.— The town of
Kunkle. five miles sonth of here, was al
most totally destroyed by fire this morn
ing. Twelve business houses and five
dwellings were consumed. Loss, $28,000;
insurance nominal.
American Pilgrims Visit the Pope.
ROME, Italy, Aug. 2.— Father Wiiliam
H. O'ConnelJ, rector of the American Col
lege, to-day presented the party of Ameri
can pilgrims who arived here yesterday to
the Pope. Later the pilgrims attended
services in the Pauline Chapel, where a
special mass was celebrated. His Holi
ness bestowed his blessing upon the pil
grims in a body and authorized the priesta
•n the chapel to give each of them a sepa
rate papal blessing.
Deaths From Sunstrokes.
BERLIN, Germany, Aug. 2.— Fifteen
deaths are reported to have occurred at
Koenigsburg on July 30 and 31 as the
result of sunstrokes.2
FROM A GERMAN
POINT OF VIEW,
Comments on the Socialist
Labor Fiasco in
London.
UNDISGUISED DELIGHT.
Bebel and Singer No Longer Re
garded as Formidable
at Home.
PITILESS JIBES OF THE PRESS.
Short oi Funds, Full of Dissensions and
Jealousies, the Organization.
Is a Wreck.
BERLIN, Germaxy, Aug. 2.— The Co
logne Gazette and other semi-official or
gans have during the past week devoted
more than the usual amount of space to
tbe proceedings of the International So
cialist Trades Congress which closed its
session in London yesterday. The fact
that more attention than usual was paid
to the congress was not due to recogni
tion of the importance of the meeting, but
to the delight in being able to expose the
crazy idiosyncrasies of the delegates and
tne general inaptitude of the socialists to
combine as a political factor. Following
on the Lillie (France) congress of social
ists, where the Frencn members of that
party tcoffed at the sentiments of the
German delegates regarding the war
hatchet being forever buried, the Lon
don meeting, where Herren Bebel and
Singer, Mine. Clara Zitkin and other Ger
man delegates were feeble and ineffective
figures amid the general riot, greatly helps
to make socialism more odious than ever
throughout Germany.
The Vorwaerts, principal organ of the
German Socialists, admits that the con
gress in London was a humiliating spec
tacle.
While inferring that the fighting and
other disorder was due to the absence of
competent management in the proceed
ings, the consensus of opinion, as ex
pressed by the press, is that tbe London
and Lille congresses ought to prove a per
manent check to the growth of German
socialism. Hitherto the socialist leaders,
when taunted with being unpatriotic, vin
dicated themselves and their party by de
claring that they were ready at any time
to tight to maintain the integrity of the
Fatherland. Tne lancuaee of the Germaa
delegates at the Lille congress ignored na
tionalism and proclaimed the solidarity of
international interests.
Commenting upon the scorn with which
the French treated these declarations, the
Hamburg Nachrichten says that tne .Lille
congress proves anew that t h e interna
tional solidarity of the socialists does
not stand the test. It adds that the Ger
man summons for the proletarians to
unite does not find a response among the
socialists of France.
The Munich Neuste Nachrichten says
that the turning of their backs upon the
Fatherland by Herren Liebknecht, Singer
and the other German delegates was re
ceived with condemnation by the Ger
mans. Liebknecht's anti-National pro-
tests against the acquisition 01 Alsace^
Lorraine by Germany only stirred up a
war feeling. The protest practically de
clared that tiie French desire to secure
revenge for the sequestration of the French
provinces by Germany was perfectly legiti
mate.
The Frankfurter Zeitnng, which is known
for its intimate relations with Herreu
Singer and Liebknecht, advises the Ger
man socialists not to talk about fraternity
where no fraternal feeling exists. Such
taik, it says, is thrown away upon tbe
French to the reproach of the Germans,
who caused an outbreak of chauvinism
that had been dormant for many years.
The Cologne Gazette says that the So
cialist leaders' denial of having any Na
tional feeling will estrange many of their
patriotic comrades, and finally the North
German Gazette calls upon tbe German
people not to allow the Socialists to fur
ther poison public life. The latter paper
is a semi-official organ, and its language
seems to be a threat of renewed Govern
ment action against the Socialists, but
nothing official can be learned as to
whether such action is contemplated.
If the delegates to Socialist congresses
continue to expose themselves to such uni
versal contempt as has been showered
upon them at the Lille and London gath
erings, the German Government will read
ily permit tbe holding of their proposed
international congress in this country in
. 1899, which the delegates to the London
congress feared would not be allowed.
They, therefore, arranged that in the event
of the German Government refusing its
sanction to the holding of a congress here
to hold it in Paris in 1900.
According to the Socialist press the
funds of the party are running very low.
These papers abound in complaints that
the comrades do not pay their dues, etc.
For instances, in Dortmund, where the
party has many thousands of members,
the collections were not enough to pay the
expenses of their delegate to the inter
national congress. The Rhenish, Saxon
and Bavarian district committees have
issued an appeal lor money. The failure
of the exchequers is partly ascribed to sus
picion on tbe part of the workingmen that
tbe money is not put to the use, for which
they intended it, as hardly a wees passes
without a case of embezzlement of the
party funds becoming known. Last week
it was discovered thai Landers, the leader
of the masons at Leipsic, was using tbe
strikers' money for his own purposes. All
these cases tend to make the workingmen
chary of the financial support they give
the party.
An electric explosive machine was sent
a few days ago to Colonel Krause of the
Berlin police. Fortunately its character
was suspected and the machine was
opened and its contents rendered Harm
less before any damage was done. The
police traced the machine and found that
it had been sent by an anarchist named
Paul Koscheman, who was arrested and
jailed. Max Westpbal and his wife and
Wiihelm Weber, all- anarchists, were
fcund to be implicated in the affair and
they are also under arrest. Machines
similar to that sent to Colonel Krause and
a auantity of explosives were found in
Koscheman's lodgings.
Chancellor yon Hohenlohe will come to
Berlin from the country on Thursday
next when he will meet Emperor William.
Afterwards he will proceed to bis wife's
estates in Russia on personal business.
Toe Emperor is now with his family at
Wilbelmshohe. An incident of the life of
tbe Empress there was a military spec
tacle that she ordered on Monday near
Cassel. The Hessian infantry and the
Hessian Hussars held field maneuvers, the
Empress and her three eldest sons attend
ing on horseback. The maneuvers were
held on tbe old battlefield. The general
in command described the various moves
to the Princes, who displayed marked in
terest. The Empress afterward ordered
that every man who had taken part in the
maneuvers should be given an extra litre
of beer at her expense.
Instigated by the Prussian agrarians
Chancellor yon Hohenlohe recently or
dered that an inquiry be held to ascertain
whether a special measure was needed
against the alleged increasing importation
of American horse flesh into Germany by
way of Belgium and Holland. Tbe re
port, which nas been submitted, concludes
with the statement that no further prohi
bitions are required.
The official Reichsanzeiger publishes a
decree forbidding the importation of fresh
porn into Germany through Holland.
The Government has again ordered that
reports be submitted to ii on the impor
tation of petroleum, evidently with the
idea of introducing a differential tariff.
The matter is revived with a view to
breaking the monopoly of the Standard
Oil Company.
The customs changes that will go into
force in September will considerably in
crease the tariffs on all mineral oils
through an altered system of calculating
the net weight. American exporters
are largely concerned in this matter.
The firm of John & Co. of Hamburg an
nounce the pooling of their petroleum
business with that of Phillip Pots of Mann
heim and the Passows of Bremen. These
firms will come to an agreement with the
German-American Company regarding
the prices of oil. Part of the petroleum
required by the pool will be bought from
tbe Standard Oil Company.
It is reported that 3500 Odd Fellows from
the United States will visit the Berlin ex
hiDition in September.
The opposition of the British Prime
Minister, Lord Salisbury, to a blockade of
the Island of Crete to prevent the Chris
tian insurgents there from obtaining arms
from outside the island and the general
situation arising from the revolt* in Crete
and Macedonia has had a bad effect on the
Berlin and Vienna bourses. Austrian
Government securities closed % per cent
down. German imperial securities, after
a similar decline, recovered.
The Cologne Gazette describes the situa
tion as more critical tnat ever.
The Tageblatt says that Great Britain
pursues her own aims, though in so doing
she menaces the peace of Europt.
An international woman's congress will
be hold in Berlin from the 19th to the
26th of September. Among those who are
expected to be present are Miss Frances
X Willard, Mrs. Loclcwood, Miss Boetti
cher of Chicago, Lady Henry Somerset,
Mme. Kirt>chner, the wife of the Burgo
master of Berlin, and a number of French,
Russian and Polish ladies.
The oncft famous Wagner Society held a
meeting at Baireutti last week under the
chairmanship of Baron Seckendorf. The
annual report showed that the member
ship, which in 1893 was 8900, had fallen to
3200. A motion to dissolve the society
was deieated, but there is no hope that it
will continue to exist much longer.
THE COAST'S NEW HARBOR
Applications of Naval Officers
Anxious to Serve on the
Commission.
Plans for Engineering, Construction
and Repair Shops at Puget
Sound
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.— The
Navy Department has received another
application from an ofricer of tbe naval
civil engineer corps for assignment to
duty on the Santa Monica commission.
This officer is Civil Engineer U. S. G.
White, who was relieved some time ago
from duty as construction engineer at the
Pnget Sound naval station and placed on
waiting orders on account, it is said, of
the work done on the new dock at that
place. He was subsequently given sick
leave, and upon recovery from his illness
was assigned to duty at the New York
Navy-yard, where he is now stationed.
Civil Engineer franklin C.J Prindle on
duty at the New York Navy -yard is also an
applicant for assignment to membership
on the commission.
These applications are on file in the
Bureau of Navigation and were presented
to the Secretary before his departure for
Alabama. The Secretary is expected to
return to Washington on Wednesday of
this week and wiii confer with Rear-Ad
miral Ramsey in regard to the naval mem
ber of the commission preliminaiy to sub
mitting the officer's name to tbe Presi
dent. Rear-Admiral Ramsey declined the
appointment when it was tendered to him.
It is expected that an officer of the line, in
all probability Commodore E. O. Mat
thews, will be.given the billet.
Commodore Matthews is at present
Chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks.
He is well known on the Pacific Coast,
having served on the slope and having re
cently made several tours of inspection in
that section. It is understood that the
question of appointing an engineer officer
was raised before the Secretary's departure
for Alabama. The secretary was then
considering the name of Civil Engineer
Endicott for the assignment. It was
pointed out to Mr. Herbert that it was
evidently tbe intention of the Senate to
have a line officer appointed to perform
this duty, as three civil engineers from
civil life are to be placed on the commis
sion to take care of the technical work.
The action of the Ss nate committee in
suggesting the name of Admiral Walker
as a member of tbe commission was also
brought to the attention of the Secretary
as an indication of Congress' desire that a
line ofricer should be assigned to duty on
the commission. The Secretary said that
be thongnt after all it would be unwise to
appoint a naval civil engineer as Naval
Commissioner, and has since been giving
his attention to the list of line officers
with a view of assigning one of them to
this duty.
A report has reached the Navy Depart
ment from Civil Engineer Richard C. Hol
ivday, stationed at Puitet Sound, stating
that the drydock at that point will be
completed within the next two weeks and
be ready for delivery to the Government.
The board which tested the drydock when
it was reported completed some weeks ago
will inspect the dock upon its completion
and report whether or not its suggestions
as to alterations have been adopted. If
its report is favorable the dock will be ac
cepted and the final payment of $50,000 on
the dock will be made to the contractors.
When the (structure is finished it is ex
pected that the battle-ship Oregon will be
ordered to Puget Sound to be docked.
Plans are being prepared in the Bureau
of Yards and Docks for a shop to be lo
cated at Puget Sound for the accommoda
tion of the Bureau of Construction and
Repair. Congress at its next session will
be asked to make an appropriation which
can be used to construct an engineering
shop.
An important board will assemble at the
Navy Department this week for thegmr
pose of preparing a plan for laying up in
reserve certain men-of-war which are in
commission on the North Atlantic coast.
The appointment of this board is a pre
liminary step in Secretary Herbert's plan
for the laying-up in ordinary of ships in
commission, which will be " commenced
this fall.
The board is composed of Rear- Admiral
John Walker, Chief Engineer David Smith
and Lieutenant H. M. Witzel. Besides
preparing this plan, the board is to recom
mend the place where they shall be laid
up, the size of the crew necessary to keep
them in good order, and what ships shall
be so treated. It is expected that the
board will not confine itself to the North
Atlantic Squadron, but will consider sh ipa
ot the Pacific Squadron as well. League
Island is the place which has been repeat
edly recommended as the place for laying
up ships on the North Atlantic coast.
Mare Island will, in all probability, be the
place where vessels on the Pacific Coast
will be kept in reserve.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
ALABAMA VOTERS
SUPREME TO-DAY,
Will Gather at the Polls
to Ballot for State
Officers.
THE RESULT IN DOUBT.
Both Democrats and Fusionists
Ciaiming Everything in
Sight.
CLOSE OF A HARD CAMPAIGN.
One of the M.st Bitter Contests Ever
Waged in the Southern Com
monwealth.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Aug. 2.— The
Alabama State campaign came to a bril
liant close last night. Almost every ham
let in the State was the scene of public
speaking, and in the larger places crowds
assembled on almost every corner to listen
to political arguments. Joseph F. John
ston, the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor, woundup the campaien in Winston
County, while Congressman A. T. Good
wyn, the Populist-Republican candidate,
closed in Limestone.
The outlook is rather confused at this
time. Captain Johnston, before leaving
last night for Winston Connty, stated
that he expected his majority to run up to
about 50,000. - Nathaniel Miller, secretary
of the State Democratic campaign com
mittee, places the figure at 40,000 and
says he would not be surprised if it went
to 60,000. He claims a majority of tbe
Legislature, making 70 out of 100.
John B. Knox, chairman of the State
campaign committee, expresses absolute
confidence in victory for the Democratic
ticket.
J. A. Bingham, acting chairman of the
Populist State campaign committee, stated
last night that he was confident from re
ports received already that Goodwyn and
his ticket would be elected by about 25,000.
He expects his party to carry all of the
white counties in the State, with the ex
ception of three, and says it will also se
cure a majority of the Legislature.
William Vaughan, chairman of the Re
publican State executive committee, stated
that he does not see how Captain Johnston
and bis ticket can win.
Two years ago Koib, the Populist-Re
publican candidate, carried almost all the
white counties in the State and Goodwyn
expects to do the same, and with a fair
election will divide the black-belt vote.
The registiation is the largest ever had
in the State, and the indications are that
an unprecedented vote will be polled.
Jefferson County, the largest in the State,
is claimed by the Democrats by 2000 and
by the Populists by 1000. The campaign
was one of the hardest fought in the State
for years.
MUST BE SOLID FOR SILVER.
Gold Cotnmitteemen to Be Dropped by
Illinois Democrats.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 2.— Chairman W.
H. Hinrichsen of the Democratic State
Central Committee came to the city to-day
to attend the meeting of the committee,
which takes place to-morrow. It is ru
mored that at this meeting the commit
teemen supposed to favor the gold stad
dard who have not already resigned will
be dropped and members known to be
supporters of the Chicago platform sub
stituted. Mr. Hinrichsen is confident that
the regular Democratic ticket will carry
every county in Illinois and almost every
township. He so expressed himself in a
talk to-day.
The County Central Committee has per
fected plans for the reception of Mr.
Bryan in Chicago on this trip East. The
committee will meet him on the train
some distance outside the city. So far as
known Mr. Bryan will make no speech
while here. The County Committee at its
meeting last night indorsed Bryan, Sew
all, Altgeld and the State and National
platforms.
Chairman Mark A. Hanna of the Re
publican National Committee is expected
to return to Chicago to-morrow to super
vise the organizing of some new depart
ments of campaign work.
AFTER WOLCOTT'S SCALP.
Certain Colorado Republicans Will Ask
the Senator to Jtesiyn.
DENVER, Colo., Aug. 2.— A secret meet
ing of Republicans of Denver was
held this morning in the office of a well
known attorney, and it was resolved to
ask Senator Wolcott to resign as Senator
from Colorado. Representatives of the
Democratic, Populist and Silver parties
were present and voted with the Repub
licans to demand Mr. Wolcott's resigna
tion.
The greatest secrecy was maintained, for
it was the desire of those present to keep
matters quiet until a mass-meeting could
be held and the unanimous support of the
people obtained for the request. It is not
believed, however, that any notice of such
efforts will be taken by the junior Senator.
The course urged by the conservative
people is to leave the Republican organ
ization severely alone and try to unite all
the silver forces upon an opposition ticket.
The language heard on the streets and in
almost every newspaper of tbe State is
extremely bitter toward Senator Wolcott.
COLORADO SILVERITES.
Preparing for a State Convention to Be
Held in Denver.
DENVER, Colo., Aug. 2.— The State
Central Committee of the National Silver
party will meet to-morrow at the Brown
Hotel. The committee will decide on the
time and place for the State convention of
the party and the apportionment of the
delegates to the State convention. The
convention will probably be held in Denver
about September 1.
The managers of the party in the State
have adopted a system looking to the
rough organization of the party in every
precinct and county. It is proposed that
the voters shall be given an opportunity
to participate fully in the work ot organiz
ation, and it is expected that all those
Republicans who cannot subscribe en
tirely to the Democratic platform will go
into the new party and increase its num
bers in the State.
Mrs. Frank Hall has been elected a
member of the State committee represent
ing Arapahoe County.
«.
Connec.Ueut Socialist labor Conrention.
HARTFORD, Cons., Aug. 2.— The So-
cialist Labor party of Connecticut held its
ninth State convention in this city yester
day and to-day, closine to-night. John
A. Norton of Bridgeport was nominated
for Governor. The old platform was re
adopted.
ORGANIZED AT CANTON.
A Bryan Free Silver Piece Club at the
Some of McKlnley.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 2.— A Bryan
free silver club has been organized in
Canton and numbers among its members
many of the most prominent Democratic,
Prohibition and Populist people of the
city. Aside from adherents of these
parties, a few free silver Republicans have
become identified with the movement.
Tbe committees soliciting membership re
port obtaining several hundred in a few
hours. The following congratulatory tele
gram was sent Hon. W. J. Bryan by the
club to-night: *
Canton, Ohio, Aug. 1, 1896.
Hon. W. J. Bryan, Lincoln: The Bryan Free
Silver Club of Canton, Ohio, organized Friday,
July 31, sends greeting to their standard
bearer and gives assurance that the people of
Canton, regardless of previous party affilia
tion, will give to him their cordial support.
This contest is one of principle and In it we
will labor for the triumph of justice and the
Constitution, believing that therein lies Na
tional honor and National prosperity.
A. J. McGregor, President.
John C. Harmon, Secretary.
RED MAN'S LAW.
Heath for Cattle -Stealing and Lashes for
Minor Offenses.
south McAllister, md. t., Aug.
2. — The Indian court sitting at Wetumpka
has sentenced two men to death for cattle
stealing and others to undergo the whip
ping-post for having committed similar
offenses. Isaac McGirt, who stole a cow
more than a year ago, will be given 100
lashes on the baie back, and Lumka Harjo,
for house-breaking, will receive 500 lashes.
For his third offense at cattle-stealing
Jesse Thlocco was sentenced to death by
shooting. One Wilson was convicted of
helping Thlocco, and will receive 100
lashes. Sandy Deacon, who was charged
for the third time with hog and cattle
stealing, was also given a death sentence.
SMOTHERED IN IHE HOLD
How Six Emigrants Perished
While Hiding From Rus
sian Inspectors.
Parents of the Victims Sue the Owner
of Steamship Herman for
Damages.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 2.-David Mi,
lod and Joseph Lerner, the fathers of two
of a party of six emigrants who are said
to have been suffocated in the hold of the
German steamship Herman, while the lat
ter was lying in tne Russian port of Libau
<in January 2 last, have brought suit for
damages against the owner of the vessel,
H. Schuldt, a resident of Flemsburg, Ger
manr.
The facts became known to-day through
a letter of the lawyers retained by the un
fortunate young men's fathers, which has
been forwarded to the United States Con
sul at Flemsburg, apprising him of the
fact that a suit has been brought against
the owner of the vessel.
It is stated that the six men who per
ished were amortg a party of fifteen young
emigrants who had engaged passage by
the Herman from Libau for Hull, Eng
land, and that they met their deaths from
suffocation in one of the air-tight com
partments of tbe steamer, in which the
fifteen emigrants had been directed to con
ceal themselves by the officers of the ves
sel to evade the vigilance of Russian in
spectors.
It is not stated why the young men
found it necessary to hide from tbe Rus
sian officials, but according to the state
ments made In the letter to the Consul it
appears that the steamship officials had
informed the emigrants that the Russian
officials would not take more than twenty
minutes to inspect the ship, whereas four
hours elapsed before tbe vessel sailed.
When a sailor of the vessel, the letter re
cites, went to release the men they were
all unconscious.
The men were hoisted ont of the hold,
and after hours of hard work the lives of
nine were saved. The six others never
regained consciousness and died.
Their bodies, according to the letter,
were subsequently consigned to the sea.
The suit is based on the affidavits made
by two of the survivors. These survivors,
in their affidavits, say that the matter was
not made public on their arrival at Hull
because of the threat made by the captain
of the steamer that if any of tbe survivors
told about the fate of their unfortunate fel
low passengers, they would be sent back to
Russia. Accordingly, they did not men
tion the matter. The emigrants making
the affidavits only recently arrived here.
TWO NEGRORN LYNCBED.
They Were Implicated in an Attempt at
Assassination.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Aug. 2.— Two
weeks ago an attempt was made to assassi
nate C. D. Hunter, a prominent citizen of
Dallas County, while he was sitting on his
front porch surrounded by his family, two
loads of shot being fired at him. Fortu
nately he was not fatally wounded. Isa
dor Mosley, a negro, was arrested on
Wednesday, charged with the crime and
confessed, implicating Billy Hunter, an
other negro.
The two negroes were committed to jail
by a magistrate. As the Constable was on
his way to the county jail at Selma with
the prisoners, he was overpowered by a
mob of masked men, who took the
prisoners to a bridge and hanged them
both. After the hanging a volley was
fired into their bodies and the mob dis
persed.
Collision of Freight Trains.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Aug. 2.— Two
Louisville and Nashville freight trains
collided near Mountain CreeK, thirty
miles north of here, yesterday morning.
A negro brakeman and a negro tramp
were killed and a white man, who w»s it.
the caboose of one of the trains, was
badly hurt. Traffic was delayed six hours.
BRUTAL DOUBLE MURDER.
Colored Man an* Woman Found With
Their Skulls Crushed.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 2.— A bru
tal double murder was discovered to-day
in an orchared in the rear of the summer
boarding-house in the suburb of Narbeth.
Ewert McDarnell, aged 35 years, and Mary
Brown, both colored, were found lying on
the ground side by side with their skulls
crushed in. The woman was a servant in
the boarding-housn and McDarnell is said
to have been her husband, although she
was known by the name of Brown. The
woman was of a lively disposition and it
is supposed some lover of hers killed the
couple. The police claim to know tbe
name of the man whom they suspect of the
murder and expect to have him under ar
rest shortly.
A'eto Minister to Guatemala.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.— The
President to-day appointed Mac Crane Cox
of New York Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary to Guatemala
and Honduras,- to fill the vacancy caused
by the recent death of P. M. Young.
BATTERIES FOR
COAST DEFENSE,
Presidio Artillery Will Be
Redistributed to Man
Them.
WAR DEPARTMENT PLAN
Barracks to Be Established in
the Vicinity of the Big
Guns.
A LARGER FORCE NECESSARY.
Hospital to Be Renovated for the
Better Accommodation of
Patients.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.— There
is a strong probability that the Fifth
Regiment of Artillery, stationed on the
Pacific Coast, will be redistributed with
tbe mounting of new batteries in that sec
tion. Emplacement for guns are now
being built along the slope, and when
they are reported finished guns will be
shipped to the West to be put in place.
l?or their care and preservation men in
tbe immediate vicinity will be required.
These emplacements are in some cases re
mote from the stations where troops are
quartered. To prevent the traveling to
and from, which would be necessary if the
existing conditions were allowed to con
tinue, it is the intention of the War De
partment to construct barracks at points
iv the immediate vicinity of the guns for
the accommodation of a battery or bat
teries of artillery.
The redistribution of the remaining four
regiments of artillery, all of which are sta
tioned on the Atlantic Coast, has already
been recommended by General Miles and
will probably take place just as soon as
quarters can be constructed.
General Miles returned to Washington a
few days ago from an inspection tour of
the fortifications of the New England coast
and the lake shores. As a result of this
inspection be urged, and his recommenda
tion was adopted, that auarters be built at
Hancock, near New York. These will be
manned with a battery when completed.
General Miles expects a number of guns
will be mounted by December: hence his
recommendation for the redistributing of
the artillery regiment
It is frankly stated by War Department
officials that when the fortifications tor the
Pacific and Atlantic coasts are ail com
pleted the present artillery force will be
totally inadequate to tase care of them.
The War Department has recognized
this fact for some time, and with a view
to remedying the condition submitted a
bill to Congress at its last session increas
ing the artillery arm from five to seven
regimen ts. A favorable report was made
upon the measure by the Senate Military
Committee and it will be brought before
the upper house at the beginniug of the
next session. In view of the great inter
est at stake it is the intention of tbe de
partment to bring strong pressure to bear
in order to secure, if possible, its enact
ment.
The hospital at the Presidio is to un
dergo extensive repairs. General Stern
berg, surgeon-general, who has just re
turned from a tour of inspection, which
included the Pacific Slope, has recom
mended, and his recommendation has
been adopted, that the hospital at the
Presidio be repaired and renovated and
that an addition for the better accommo
dation of patients' be constructed.
Plans for tbe addition are now being
prepared in the quartermaster's office of
the War Department, and when approved
advertisements will be issued for bids on
the worK.
The new pay system in the army, which
has been in operation only a few months,
is already a subject of complaint. This
system involves the payment of the men
by the post commanders instead of by
paymasters, as formerly. The paymasters
put the men's pay up in envelopes, which
are sent to the post commander for dis
tribution. With a view to ascertaining if
the complaints have any just foundation,
Paymaster-General Sternberg left Wash
ington to-day for the West. He will in
spect a number of the posts, and upon bis
return will submit his report to the Secre
tary of War.
Gossip is rife in military circles as to
who will be the next quartermaster-gen
cal of the army. The appointment, it is
expected, will be announced next week
upon the return of Secretary Lamont to
Washington. The Secretary has been
north and has communicated with the
President about the matter. Colonel Saw
telle, at present the senior officer of his
grade, seems to have the best chance of
securing the billet, although it was stated
Dy a high official of the department a few
days ago that Colonel Weeks, the junior
colonel, had a splendid show of being
General Batcbelder's successor. Besides
Colonel Sawtelie Colonel Luddington is
the only applicant for the assignment,
and his application he desires to be con
sidered only in the event of Colonel Saw
telle's failure to get the place.
DEATH OF DR. J. M. TONER,
He Was a Soled Scientist, Historian and
Philanthropist.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.— The
death is announced at Cresson Springs,
Pa., of Dr. J. M. Toner, scientist, his
torian and philanthropist, of this city. He
presented to Congress in 1882 a valuable
collection of 30,000 historical and medical
works, and for many years be has been
engaged in gathering together copies of
every original letter and paper .of George
Washington, widely scattered ai they were
over this country and Europe. The collec
tion forms the largest assemblage of Wash
ington letters, etc., ever put together. It
is permanently deposited in the Con
gressional Library, and it is kept in locked
drawers, arranged in strictly chronological
order.
CHOLERA SCOURGIMG EGIPT.
The Dread Disease Beyond Control of
the Authorities!
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.-Ad
vices received at the Marine Hospital yes
terday from Alexandria, Egypt, show that
the cholera outbreak there has got beyond
the control of the sanitary authorities.
During the seven days up to the Ist ult.
1200 d» aths were reported, and in the fol
lowing six days- 1700 deaths. So far 8069
deaths have occurred from tbe present
outbreak, and it is feared that these figures
will be largely increased before the disease
runs its course.
Sew Postoffice and Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.— A
postoffice has been established at Lena,
Tehama County, Cal ., and John M. Wil
son appointed postmaster.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original— William Hines,
San Andreas; Alfred Adams, Santa
Monica; Albsrt B. Paul, Pomona. Mexi
can War, widow— Mary Lewis, Hiidreth.
Orecon : Original — Albert Jennings,
Portland.
Washington : Original, widow— John J.
Edens, New Whateom.
Coinage . Muring July. r : i
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2.— The
coinage executed at the United States
mints during July aeere?ated 2,375.910
pieces of the value of $4,031,200. Of the
coinage, $2,918,200 was gold And $1,062,000
was standard silver dolars. National bank
notes outstanding August 1 aggregated
$225,942,455, an increase during July of
$29,495, and since July 31, 1895, of $14,
-660,547.
WARRING MATCH COMPANIES.
One Claims $150,000 Damages from
the Other.
DETROIT, Mich., ; Aug. : 2.— The Dia
mond Match Company was yesterday en
joined by Judge; Donovan in the Circuit
Court from unjust and oppressive inter
ference with the business of the Improved
Match Company of Detroit until the lat
ter's suit for $150,000 damages against the
Diamond "i Company is ; decided. Among
the sensational charges brought by the
Improvement Company is that of buying
and / tampering; with >, the complainant's
matches by. breaking, steaming and other
wise destroying ; the quality of : the ; same
and again placing them on the market;
also the intimidation of customers , of the
Improved Company to secure i the discon- !
tinuance of thwir purchases. Officers 'of
the Diamond Match Company here refuse
to talk of the suit. ; :
FROM A. THREE-STORY WINDOW.
Frightful Plunge of an Insane Woman
Who Feared the Prison.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Auk. 2.— At an early
hour this morning Mrs. Ida Louise Law of
Allegheny, the woman who some days
ago in an aberration of mind cut the
throat of her 18-day-old child, jumped
from a third-story window at the Presby
terian Hospital in Allegheny. Mrs. Law
had been taken to jail last week, but her
condition was so apparent that permission
was given by the court to remove her to
the hospital. It was while suffering from
the hallucination that she was to be taken
back to prison that she jumped from her
bed and plunged through the window.
Her left anble was broken and she sus
tained a fracture of the pelvic bone, a bad
scalp wound and was otherwise bruised.
It is thought she wiH not recover.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
Clubs.
Won.
Lost.
Cent.
Cincinnati.
Baltimore
Cleveland
Chicago
Pitteburg.
Boston
Brooklyn
Philadelphia
Washington
New York
Hu Louis.
Louisville
62
66
56
63
46
45
»9
39
34
3*
28
21
S9
27
31
39
39
39
45
46
47
60
60
61
.681
.674
.648
.687
.541
.535
.464
.458
.419
.404
.318
.-<io
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. 2.— To-day's game
wasa pitctier's battle from beginning to end,
and Dwyer had decidedly the best of it.
Meyers' double and Cross' single in the second
Inning gave the visitors their only run, while
the Reds scored twice in the sixth on three
singles and a donble. Both teams played a
sharp fielding game. Irwin'a work at third
•was the feature. Attendance 6000. Score:
Cincinnati;?, 2, 7, 1 : St. Louis, 1, 5, 1. Batter
ies—Dwyer and Peitz, Hart and McFarland.
Umpire, Lally.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 2.— The Colts could do
nothing with Hill's curves to-day. In the sev
enth Cfingniftn spited Donahue at the plate,
whereupon the l»tter threw the ballut Cling
man and was proceeding to jump upon him,
when Umpire Emslie and the other players in
terfered. The fielding of both teams was fault
less. Friend, the new catcher, made a fair im
pression. Attendance 7ooo. Score: Chicagos
1,2,0; Louisville* 2, 6, 0. Batteries—^riggs,
Donahue and Kittredge; Hill and Friend.
Umpire— Emslie.
PIGEONS MAKE FAST TIME.
Almost a Mile a Minute Covered in a
Speed Trial.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 2— The race
of homing pigeons from Santa Monica to
this city Saturday evening showed some
remarkable speed by a number of the
birds. The air line distance between the
two places is a little over fifteen miles and
this was covered in 16J4 minutes by several
Dirds belonging to O. F. Zahn. The birds
were loosened at Santa Monica at 6:08 p.m.
and, although the weather was bad for
flying, they attained the best speed ever
made in competition in Southern Cali
fornia. Five birds belonging to Mr. Zahn
made the record of 16% minutes, as did
two belonging to B. Casenave, who re
sides a block farther away, the latter leav
ing the Zahn birds Jo seek their own lofts.
Gaudaur and Btanbury.
LONDON, Ekg., Aug. 2.— The Sporting
Life to-morrow will publish a report of an
interview with Beales, the backer of
James Stanbury, the Australian oarsman,
who recently won from Wat Harding the
scnllinff championship of the world, in
which Beales declares that the date of tbe
proposed match with Jake Gaudaur of
Canada will not be extended beyond Sep
tember 7. Mr. Beales also says that un
less Gaudaur cables definitely regarding
the match by to-morrow evening he
(Beales) will issue Stanbury's ultimatum.
Baseball at Visalia.
VISALIA, Cal., Aug. 2.— The Visalia
Examiners won a great game this after
noon from the first nine of the Visalia
club. In the last half of the ninth inning
the score was 10 to 7 against them, but tbe
superior batting and running of the Exam
iners earned five additional runs. Score—
Visalia Examiners 12, Visalia la
♦
A Subject for Sharfcey.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Aug. 2.— 80b Arm
strong, Parson Davies' giant, knocked out
William Mayo of Chicago in two rounds
to-day. Dan Creedon, who refereed the
fight, left for Chicago to-night to offer
Bharkey a battle.
CLEVELAND'S LABOR TITBIT OJX.
A. Sympathetic Strike of all Union Men
Seems Inevitable.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 2. — At a
meeting of the representatives of the labor
unions of this city to-night it was deter
mined to urge upon the Central Labor
Union at its meeting Wednesday the call,
ing of a sympathetic strike on account of
tne Brown Hoisting Company trouble.
As the unions reported and those which
have already expressed opinions in favor
of such a course contribute a large major
ity of the members of the Central Labor
Union a general sympathetic strike seems
to be likely. Tbe plan is first to call out
all iron-workers, who number about 20,
-000, and if necessary every union man in
the city will be called out later.
Four companies of troops are now
camped at the I3rown works and more are
likely to be ordered there to-morrow. The
situation is the gravest Cleveland has
ever faced. John Prince, th« man shot
by the non-union man yesteraay, still lies
in a critical condition. The union men
are now arming, claiming that they have
the same right to carry pistols as the non
union men.
Suit to Foreclose on a Railroad.
WICHITA, Kans., Aue. 2.— A bill to
foreclose on the Kansas Midland Com
pany, a feeder of the St. Louis and San
Francisco, has been filed in the United
States Circuit Court here, together with an
order from Judge Caldwell appointing A.
L» Wolff of St. Louis receiver. The suit is
brought by tbe Mercantile Trust Com*
pany of >ew York, truste* for the first
mortgage bonds, amounting to $1,608,000.
The Kansas Midland 1 extends from Wich
ita to Ellsworth, a distance of 106 miles,
and was built-in 138&^^p|BH
. «»
Two Freight Trains in Collision
LONG PINE, Nebr., Aug 2.— Two
freight trains |on the Northwestern col
lided on the embankment approaching
the Niobrara river this evening. One
train was awaiting the signal to cross
when the engine of the second train
crashed into it from the rear. Both
engines and cars were wrecked and the
track torn up for a hundred yards, but no
one was injured. It is almost a miracle
that both trains did not toppla over into
the river. Responsibility for the accident
has not yet been placed.
Grain Elevator Men at War.
DULUTH, Mm, Aug. 2.— A1l owners
of grain elevators at Superior, Wis., yes
terday gave notice to their employes that
hereafter they are to worn cnly by the
day and not at all after August 31. These
elevators have a capacity of 12,700,000
bushels, and this action is the result of
the attempt of ttve Superior Board of
Trade to oust the Minnesota grain inspec
tion there and enforce a new Wisconsin
system. All grain heretofore inspected in
Superior will be inspected in Duluth and
Sandstone, Minn. _
''Cyclone" Davis dominated.
TEXARKANA, Ark., Aus. 2.-"Cy
clone" Davis, the People's party leader,
was yesterday nominated for Congress by
the Populists of the Fourth Texas District
to succeed D. B. Calberson.
LI RUNG CHANG IN LONDON.
The Chinese Viceroy Is Visiting as a
Xational tfueit.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 2. —Li Hung
Chang, the Chinese diplomat, who at
tended tbe coronation ceremonies of Czar
Nicholas II at Moscow as special envoy of
the Chinese Government and who has
since visited Berlin and Paris, arrived in
London this evening. His visit to Eng
land is to be made as a national guest, the
Queen, through Lord Salisbury, having
invited him to visit the country at the
national expense. He will remain in Eng
land a month.
When the Chinese envoy arrived at
Southampton to-day from Havre he was
received by officials of the British Govern
ment and by the manager of tbe Ameri
can Steamship line.
A body of American sailors from the
steamship St. Paul lined the passage from
the steamer to the train. It is said that
he will sail from America for home from
Vancouver.
A Prince Reads Mass at Dretaen.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 2.— A Dresden dis
patch says that Prince Max of Saxony,
who over a year ago took orders in the
Catholic church and was recently or
dained as a priest, to-day read mass for
the first time at the court church in that
city. The congregation included all the
members of the royal house of Saxony.
Death of an English Set able.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 2.— The Right
Hon. Sir William Robert Grove, D. C. L.,
LL.D., P. C, F. R. S., died in London
to-day. He was born at Swansea, Wales,
July 11, 1811.
Results — blood purified, suffering relieved,
strength restored, system built up, nerves
strengthened by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The best— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hnnfi'c Pille »re the only pills to take
11UUU S flllb W i t h Hood's ßarsaparilU.
Doctor Cook
Manhood
Ever
Lost
?
Strictly speaking, no! at least hard!/
ever, except in oIJ age. What we call
"lost manhood" and "Nervous Exhaus-
tion" is merely weakenec power.
Underneath the aahes the fire remains
aglow. It requires careful scientific treat-
ment to fan it into a bright flame of life
and energy.
Your descondency looks foolish— is fool-
ish. Keeps you from getting well. It's
the worst part of your sickness. Try and
get over it. Try to look like a man- head
up, boay erect. Then do as a man should ;
get help in a common sense way.
But for the sake of your existence— for
the sake of those dear to you or dependent
on yon, don't play with fire. Leave quack
medicines — cure - all- and-every body nos-
trums alone.
Do as you would if you had something
wrong with eye or ear— go to a specialist.
Go to one who has devoted a lifetime to
this one branch of human suffering; who
cures where others try and experiment.
To the deuce with false modesty ! As if
this greatest of specialists would üblab"u blab"
about you— or give your case any other
thought than is necessary to cure you.
Write if you can't call. You can be
treated successfully by mail. Tell every-
thing.
OFFICE HOUKS-9to 12, 2 to 5 and 7
to 8; Sundays, 1O A. M. to 13 M. only.
H. COOK^ M.D.,
865 narket Street, „,;*£„,CAMPAIGN WORK
IN SANTA CLARA,
Republican Clubs Being
Organized Throughout
the County.
PARTY LEADERS ACTIVE
Begin the Contest by Seeing That
Voters Register While
There Is Time.
FUSION TALK IN THE SOUTH.
Democrats Wooing Populist Support
to Defest Congressman
McLachlan.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 2.— The Re
publicans of Santa Clara county are rap
idly organizing their forces and getting
everything in readiness for active cam
paign wort. The County Republican Club
has commenced its work by seeing that a
fail registration of Republican voters is
had. All of the incorporated towns have
McKinley clubs, and the parry is well or
ganized throughout the interior.
The Santa Clara Republicans have or
ganized a McKiniey Club, with the follow
ing officers: President, S. Oberdeener; sec
retary. 0. A. R. Saunders; vice-presidents
— J. j. Miller, H. D. Menton, C. C. Moer,
A. A. Witbrow, Captain Dunn. A. V.
Fatjo, A. Harris, L. W. Bond, J. B. Pep
pin. F. A. Alderman. Hon. F. C. Franck.
if. Hite was elected sergeant-at-arms.
Sixty-six members signed the roil.
A Republican club has been organized at
West Side, with a membership of about
twenty. The officers are: President,
Harry Blake; vice president, A. L. Harri
son; secretary, B. C. Allen; treasurer, J.
D. Williams. Tbe following were named
as members of the executive committee:
Oscar Wood, A. J. Loyst, Nathan Hail, J.
D WiJiams, Alexander Montgomery and
J. R. Johns.
TO DEI tAT McLACHLAN
Democrats Fainly Endeavoring to Se
cure Povulistie S-upport.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 2.— The
breach between the Democrats and the
middle-of-the-road Populists is widening,
despite the efforts of bridge-buiidiug sil
ver people, and indications now point to
the probability of three different Con
gressional candidates being in the field.
The inevitable result of this will be the
election of McLachlan, the Republican
candidate. In fact, the silver men have
about abandoned their attempts at har-
moaizin? the faction and begun mud
throwing at the anti-fusionists.
The silver men have labored diligently
with their cantankerous neighbors to-day,
bat have been accorded very few crumbs
of comfort. One irate aiiverite said.-after
a bard day's toil for unity of action with
out results: "Unless " this" action is
promoted by motive* to accommodate
McLachlan and the railroad, I dnn't un
derstand what it means. If persisted in
that will be the net result, and rest assured
some of the Populist leaders will profit, by
the deal. It was out cf deference to the
Democrats that this district, who are in
the minority and wno it was understood
would name a good man for Congress,
that the Congressional nomination by
Populists was deferred at Sacramento."
COB*' WALL'S PROPHECY.
Predict* Victory for the Republican
Ticket in California.
SEATTLE, Wash., August 2.— Upon his
return to Seattle to-night from Whatcom,
whither he went yesterday morning to
look after property interests, F. B. Corn
wail, the San Francisco capitalist and
p litician, expressed himself more or less
freely regarding the Presidential cam
paign.
••McKinley will be elected. That is a
certainty if the vote of California is need
ed," Mr. Cornwall predicted. "I figure
that there will be enough old-line Cali
fornia Democrats vote the Republican
ticket to secure the State for McKinley.
By November the issue will have nar
rowed down to the question of protection
and prosperity on the one side to anarchy
on the other. This was clearly foresharf
twed by the active participation in the
Chicago convention by Aitgeld, 'who, by
the wav, is an able fellow, and like Debs,
whichever way the election goes Aitgeld
will land on his feet. He is there for what
there is in it. You don't think Deos has
been ermine all these antics for physical
health? Not much; he is a rich man to
day."
POPULISTS BET RAT ED.
Fifth IHatrict Chairman Wrlch on the
Xnmination of Rryan.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug 2.— J. R. Welch,
chairman of the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict Populist committee, and also chair
man of the Santa Clara committee, who
was one of the delegates from this county
to the Populist convention in St. Louis,
was interviewed by a Call representative
to-day in regard to the nomination of
Bryan for President by the Populist con
vention. He said Bryan's nomination
was only secure.! through a tacit agree
ment that Sewall wouid withdraw from
the candidacy for Vice-President. He
ciaimed that th • failure of Sewall to do
this would virtually be a betrayal of the
confidence of the convention by" tne Popu
list Bryan supporters and ihe chairman of
the National Democratic Committee.
Mr. Welch predicted that unless the
Democratic party made proper concessions
to the Populists, the latter, especially in
ttie South, would vote for McKinley.
WHITE CA NNO Y ATIESft.
Governor atone Hill Mend, the Bryan
Xotiflcition Commute*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 2.— Senator
White, the chairman of the notification
committee appointed by the Democratic
National Convention, will be unable to at
tend the notification of Bryan and Sewall
in New York on August 1.3. The Senator
is very busy with his law practice, which
accumulated during bis • absence :in Chi
cago, and he cannot leave Los Angeles for
some time to come. - He has, however,
completed the official notification and for
warded it East, where it will | be signed by
all the members of the committee. The
presentation of the notice would naturally,
in the absence of Senator White, fall on
Senator Daniel, the temporary chairman,
but the Virginian is absent in Europe, so
Governor Stone of Missouri will probably
head the delegation. '
Snn Jose t.e<risiratton.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 2.— Owing to the
slow registration of voters County Cierk
Ifister's office will be opened every even
ly* from. 7 to 9 o'clock, beginning to-mor
row and ending August 10. So far 10.700
voters have registered, 4150 beine residents
of this city. There are about 4000 voters
yet to register.
DEPAKTS FROM SAN JOSE,
Pastor Briggs Will Assume Charge of
Grace Church in Denver.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 2.— Rev. Arthur
H. Briggs, pastor of the Centeila Metho
dist Episcopal Church of this city, has ac
cepted the pastorate of the Grace Church
of Denver and will leave for Colorado the
last of this month. The church is one of
the finest in the West. It is a stone struc
ture ana cost $ 150,000. Its membership is
very wealthy, and includes most of the
prominent people of Denver. The salary is
friOOO and the use of an elegantly furnished
parsonage which cost $40,000.
Rev. Arthur H. Briggs is the son of the
venerable Rev. M. C. Brizgs, a prominent
Methodist minister, at present residing in
this city. He was born thirty-seven years
ago in tne old parsonage of the First M.
E. Church on Powell street, San Fran
cisco, where his father was then pastor.
He finished the classical course of the
Northwestern University of Chicago in
1881 and later took the theological course
of the Boston University. The Rev. Mr.
Briggs refused a flattering offer of a pul
pit in Boston and returned to California
after his graduation. He entered the
ministry in 1885, bis first call being to
Vailejo. Since then he has served the
College Park Methodist Episcopal Church,
the Epworth M. E. Church of San Fran
cisco and the Centeila M. E. Ciiurch of
this city.
LOS AyQELE&> yew daily.
A Journal Republican in Politic*
Soon to R* Launched.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 2.— Plans
are about perfected for the launching in
the Los Angeies field of journalism of a
new Republican daily newspaper. Articles
of incorporation are soon to be died, and
the publication of the first number will
soon follow. The names of the projectors
are withheld at present. An ex-Govern
ment office-holder and aweli-known news
paper man will, it is said, control the edito
rial policy of the paper. It is proposed to
start the paper with eight pages of six
columns each, leaded minion, with aix
line top and four-line drop heads, some
what after the style of the San Francisco
Call. A feature will be tbe publication
of a complete story each day.
MURE ISLAND ARTISTS.
Annual Entertainment Given By
the Navy Yard Sketch
Club.
Prizes Awarded for the Best Produc
tions in Colors— News of the
Ships.
VALLEJO, Cal, Aug. 2.— One of the
i most pleasing entertainments at the
i navy-yard for some months took place in
i the sail-loft yesterday afternoon, under
the auspices of the Navy-yard Sketcd Club,
of which Professor C. Jorgensen is instruc
! tor. For the past three years the dub has
i been in existence ana the annual exhibi
tion is looked forward to with as much in
terest by members as by invited guests.
The ladies comprising the present class
are: Mrs. Barker, Mrs. Baxter, Mrs.
Bymonds, Mrs. Sewell, Mrs. Maxson, Miss
Alice Catts, Miss Marie English, Miss
Mary McCalla and Miss Woods.
Tte exhibit consisted of oil paintings,
water-colors and pen and crayon sketch es,
and called forth many words of praise and
commendation for the excellence of the
design and finish. Tne first prize was
awaided to Mrs. Svmonds for stowing the
greatest improvement during the past
year, and to Miss Cutta the second prize
was awarded for the best picture made
without help from the instructor. At the
entrance to the exhibit this young Jady
had a magnificent piece of artistic poster
work, announcing the annual exhibit o!
the SKetch Club.
Among the pictures that called forth
much praise was a "Street in Chinatown"
at San Francisco, by Mis 3 McCalia; three
pictures by Miss Seweli, a picture painted
on wood by Mrs. Baxter and water colors
by Mrs. Barker and Miss Woods. Some
very clever sketcnes in pencil w -re exhib
ited" by Mrs. Maxson and Miss English.
The Independence band supplied music
for dancing and during the afternoon re
freshments were served by the ladies, j
Many officers from the ships and station !
were in attendance.
It has been finally settled that the Pen- j
siicola will be fitted out for a training ship j
at Goat Island, and work of fitting the old
ship will soon be commenced. More or j
less work is being carried on on the vari
ous ships at the yard. In the construc
tion department the number of men ex
ceeds 600. Many veterans are being em
ployed.
CROPS IN THE NORTH.
Hot Gale* Have Don* Some Damage in
Oregon and Washington.
PORTLAND, Ob., Aug. 2.— The special
wheat bulletin or the Weather Bureau
compiled from special reports from grain
sect ons says: In Eastern Oregon and
Eastern Washington the weather has
been threatening and cloudy, but no rain
is reported having fallen east of the
mountains, though the temperature fell
decidedly at Baker City, Walla Walla and
Spokane. At Pomeroy there was a strong
westerly gale and the atmosphere was full
of smoke and dust and grain is shrivei
ing.
Harvesting is in full blast in the Walla
Wa^la country. The genera! result shows
that the damage from hot winds was not
as great as was believed a few weeks aeo.
Along the Irothilis and around the city
fall grain is vieldins heavily, while spring
grain is fair." On Eureka Flat the grain is
fair and farmers will come ant much bet
bet financially than they expected.
Around the fuothi'ls wheat is averaging
fifty busheh to the acre and barley eighty
bushels. On the flat wiieat will average
twenty bushels.
BORN O N THE HER MO SA.
A Son and Heir Come* to Captain Smith
and Wife While at Hetti
AVALON, Catalisa Island, Aug. 2.—
There was rejoicing on board the steamer
Hermosa yest rday morning when one of
the passengers, the wife of Captain Alex
ander Smitn, first officer of the Hermosa,
gave birth to a son. Marriages on the
high seas are not infrequent and have
often occurred on board the Hermosa,
when plying twixt the mainland and
C3taiina, but this is the first birth which
ever occurred in like manner. Tne little
chap opened his eyes on this troublous
world when the steamer was about naif
way over to San Pedro. Tne 350 passen
gers on board gave three rousing cheers for
the boy and promptly christened h:m
"Herm&sa,' 1 in honor of his birthplace,
until a facetious man suggested that
"Himosa" wouid be more appropriate in
view of t c ?ex. Mother and son are be
ing cared for in San Pedro.
Called to a Portland Pulpit.
PORTLAND, Ob., Aug. 2.— The First
Congregational Church has extended a
call to Rev. Arthur W. Ackerman of Shef
field, 111., to fill the place of the former
"Portland Parkhurst," Rev. George R.
Wallace, who left the pastorate abruptly
on account of sensational accusations of
improper conduct pieierred by a member
of Dr. Wallace's church. The First Con
gregational Church is one of the most
fashionable in the oity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
PRAISES SUNG ON
SANTA CRUZ CRAGS
Concluding Services of the
Endeavorers at the
Seashore.
ASSEMBLE AT SUNRISE
With Prayer and Hymn the
Last Day of the Meeting Is
Ushered In.
DELEGATES AT COMMUNION
Short Farewell Sermons by Attend
ing Pastors Close a Profitable
Convention.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 2.— The
State meeting of the Christian churches of
Northern California, in session at Garfield
Park for two weeks, closed to-night after
a series of Sunday services that began
with a sunrise prayer-meeting on En
deavor Rock on the cliffs and a farewell
meeting to-night in the Tabernacle. The
several conventions held in the course of
the State meeting have been considered
profitable, in a religious sense, and indi
cated the strength of the church and its
improvement in all departments. Three
fonrths of the delegates and visitors will
return to their homes to-morrow. The
others will remain for another week to
enjoy the real rest and recreation that
ha.-* been impossible with the work that
has devolved upon them.
The sunrise prayer-meeting was attended
by a large number. It was conducted by
Rev. George Greenwell of Lodi. It was
considered by those who participated a
srand preliminary to the events of the
closing day. Rev. C. W. Jopson superin
tended the Sunday-school at 10 o'clock in
the Tabernacle, and was greeted by many
children f'om other schools, as well as
from the camp.
The services at 11 o'clock were conducted
by Rev. J. E. Denton and Rev. R. L. Mo
Hatton, and the sermon was preached by
Rev. W. H. Martin. The subject was
"The Church the Foundation of Truth."
The communion service was largely at
tended, and the temperance meeting in
the afternoon gave an oppor unity for
some excellent talks on the topics of tem
perance and prohibition. The meeting
was led by J. W. Webb, grand chief tem
plar I. O. G. T., and the speakers were J.
Durham, George Starr, Charles Hunting
ton, Mathew Small, Master Herbert Sbadle,
W. H. Martin, Miss Ivey and Judge Cun
ning.
The Christian Endeavor Society held an
evening meeting, largely attended, and
Rev. James Small preached at 8 o'clock on
"Jesus the Author of Salvation." The
services were closed with farewell speeches
of five minutes each by Rev. W. H. Mar
tin, Rev. R. L. McHatton and other*.
PLANS FOR THE TURNFEST.
Three Hundr-d Vocalists to Join in a
Minhty Chorus.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 2. -The Turn
fest executive committee had a busy ses
sion this afternoon, and settled several
matters of routine, which put the arrange
ments for the great festival in permanent
shape. There will be no hitch in the
carrying out of the varied and entertaining
programme tnat will begin with a recep
tion to the visitors on Saturday night.
The ladies' class of the Santa Cruz Turn
Verein will have charge of the reception,
and that is a guarantee that all who enter
the procession on that night will be de
lightfully entertained at the close of the
parade at the Turn Verein Hall.
The Sunday evening programme was
completed tciis afternoon. It provides for
a concert, to be introduced with a mass
chorus of 300 voices. Then there will be a
variation of the entertainment, to consist
of dumb-bell exercises by active turners
and club-swinging exhibition by the
ladies' class of San Jose.
This will be followed by selections sung
by the Eintracht Singing Society, the Har
monic and the Arion of Ban Francisco, the
Arion of Santa Cruz, the Singing Section
of Santa Cruz and the Singing Section of
Oakland. It will conclude with band
muaic by the Hastings band of Santa
Cruz. These features insure one of the
grandest musical events ever given in this
city, and will draw large audiences, for
the fame of the German singing societies
is boundless.
On the third night (Monday) the ball
will be triven, and that will be one of the
big features of the tnrnfest. The general
shoot will begin on Sunday morning at 10
o'cloct, and the prize shooting for Turners
will begin on Monday at thrft hour. The
gymnastic exercises will precede the shoot
ing. Young ladies wiil be selected from
the Santa Cruz Turnverein to present the
prizes and trophies to the victors.
The pyrotechnic display will bo in
creased by 400 Roman candles that the
committeeman, Mr. Wessendorf, was this
afternoon directed to obtain from San
Francisco, so that feature wiil be certain
to make a big showing.
CAPE ARAGO ADVENTURE,
Two Little Children Drift Out
to Sea in an Open
Boat.
Rescued Just a Moment Before Their
Frail Craft Goes to the
Bottom.
: M ARSHFIELD, Ob., Aug. 2.— Two ch!l
dren. aged 8 and 10 years ; respectively, of
Lighthouse-keeper Sheldon at Cape Arago,
bad a narrow escape from 2 being drowned
in midocean on Friday afternoon. Mr.
Sheldon has a small skiff which -i he ; uses
in* fair weather, I and in which the '■ little
boy and his sister when the water is
smooth. The children, v unknown ;to
their parents, took possession of the V frail
cockle-shell on Friday and - started '. off for
Empire for some candy. The young mari
ners were unequal to - the task * of ' manag
ing the craft, and about half a mile distant
they lost one of their paddles. ; The water
was quite rough and ■ the 2 wonder * is> that
their craft was not ¥ overturned. Being
born on the ocean; so to speak, they failed
to realize the ' dangers ? surrounding . them,
and with fearless little Jj hearts proceeded
toward Empire with as much speed as one
paddle would ', propel them. ,; ; : ." . •■'- ' "*-
The current was against I them and in-,
stead of mating ■ any headway in the di- ,
rection of Empire the youthful navigators
were unconsciously drifting out to sea. It
was an hour after their departure from
the lighthouse station before the children
were missed, and a half hour later before
Mr. Sheldon discovered the skiff to be
missing. He has a powerful marine glass.
With this he scanned the ocean and dis
covered his little ones in the boat strug
gling with a choppy sea, about four miles
from shore.
Almost frantic with fear for the safety
of his children Sheldon hastened to Big
Bend, where he secured a large boat, and
with the assistance of another man rowed
to the rescue of the helpless youngsters.
He did not reach them a moment too soon.
Just as he transferred them from the skiff
to his big boil a large ocean steamer
passed within 200 feet of them, without
heeding the ;four imperiled lives. The
steamer created a tremendous swell, sub
merging the skiff and placing the larger
boat with its human freight in imminent
danger, but all hands reached the shore in
safety.
NEVADA COUNTY'S SHERIFF.
Marshal Gttchel yarned to Succeed the
Murder** Douglass.
NEVADA CITY,CAL.,Aug.2.— The Board
of Supervisors yesterday appointed D.
B. Getchel Sheriff to fill the vacancy
created by the killing of the late Sheriff
Douglass by an outlaw. Getchel is the
present City Marshat of this place and ia
a good officer. His reputation for bravery
is well known, »nd his appointment is
generally considered to be a good one.
He will retain Douglass' deputies.
Two more empty rifle shells were found
to-day near a tree a short distance from
where Sheriff Douglass' body was found.
This still further substantiates the theory
that the Sheriff was killed by an accom
plice of the dead robber.
San Diego's Youthful Horsethief.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 2.— George Me-
Ardle, aged 12, is the youngest prisoner
ever confined in the San Diego County
Jail. After evading the officers for two
weeks, he was to-day arrested on a charge
of grand larceny. On July 21 he was
working for Horace Metcalf at Point
Loma, and when Metcalf refused to pay
him all that was claimed to be due the
boy quietly took possession of a horse and
rode away. The animal was found later
in a corral in this city, where George had
given orders to have it well cared for. He
had been in hiding ever since until to-day.
BOON FOR YOLO COUNTY
Possible Establishment of a Beet
Sugar Factory Near
Woodland.
Farmers and Business Men Are
Awaiting a Visit From Clans
Spreckels.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. 2.— The beet
sugar industry has again been revived in
Yolo County. Yesterday afternoon an en
thusiastic meeting was held in this city
in response to a call by W. G. Hunt, Presi
aent of the Yolo County Sugar Beet Asso
ciation. Representatives from all Darts of
the country were present Mr. Hunt
caied the meeting to order and stated
that the objects were to devise means of
ascertaining the saccharine strength and
purity of beets. He had been in San Fran
cisco to interview Claus Spreckels on the
possibility of securing a sugar factory for
Yolo County, but failed, as Mr. Spreckels
was on a visit to Salinas. Since his return
he was in receipt of the following commu
nication from Mr. Spreckels' private sec
retary :
San Francisco, Jnly 31. 1896.
W. G. Hunt E*q.— Dear Sir: Mr. Clans
Spreckels is to aadress the farmers in and
about Salinas to-morrow. He instructs me to
state that he will visit your locality or send a
competent man there wi'hln the next week or
ten days to se« your beet fields as they are.
Yoors trnly, £. H. Sheldon', Secretary.
At the conclusion of Mr. Hunt's re
marks Judge J. W. Snowball of Knights
Landing, who lias bad considerable ex
perience in raising sugar-beets, was called
on for a talk. He said Mr. Spreckels en
courage i Charles F. Reed to plant bets
and did the same with tne late Senator
Fair, who afterward purchased the great
Reed ranch, tne products of which were
sent to the Watsonyille refinery and pro
duced over 70 percent in sugar and over 80
percent in purity.
"We owe a great deal to Claps Spreck
els," said he. "He is an enthusiast and is
doing a great deal for California. Let us
wake up and take advantage of this op
portunity. Now is the time to move."
A committee, consisting of Judge Snow
ball, Charles Hoppin, M. Ditrgs, Mr.
Heckie and J. H. Dun_an, was appointed
to receive Mr. Spreckels or his representa
tive and show him around the county. The
visit of Mr. Spreckels is looked forward to
with great interest, as it means much to
the people of this vicinity.
South Santa Monica Wharf.
LOB AhGELES, Cal., Aug. 2.— There is
a revival of the talk that the Santa Fe
Railway Company intends to build a long
wharf at South Santa Monica and thus
be in line for oceanic business. The latest
name for South Santa Monica is Ocean
Park, and it is said to be a splendid point.
for receiving and discharging merchan
dise. This time the talk is that the piles
are to be driven out to deep water to en
able ships of the greatest tonnage to dis
charge their cargoes. This feature of this
work is a long way off, as it will require a
year's time from start to finish an>i an
outlay of from $2,500,000 to $3,000,000.
Nothing definite can be obtained from the
officials of the company.
Serada Southern Railway Transfer.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 2.— quit
claim deed from the oid Nevada Southern
Company to its successor in ; interest, the
California Eastern Railway, was placed on
record yesterday .in San Bernardino'
County by Judee Dillon, attorney for the
California'; Eastern Railway \ Company.
The deed is i under seat, and' Judge Dillon
says it is made i by authority of the stock
holders and directors of ;tt c old company.
It conveys -. the * road, formerly the : prop
erty of the Nevada Southern, now in oper
ation between Blake and Manuel, m San
Bernardino "< County. " This apparently
winds up the affairs of that road. '
m ■
misting From Healdabura.
HEALDSBFRG, Cal., Aug. 2.— August
Brandt, a prominent citizen of this place,
has disappeared, and relatives fear that
he has killed himself. Recently Brandt
lost considerable money in business in
vestments and he had grown morose in
consequence. While searching for him
this morning the cemetery was visited,
and on the grave of his father the follow
ing note was found:
Dear Father. lam going to meet you. lam
tired of this world and its mishapa.
The mountains are being searched.
Healdsburg Stabbing Affray,
HEALDSBURG, Cal.. Aug. 2. — Joe
Wohoe, an Indian recently released
from San Quentin, stabbed Joe Dol
lar, another red man, to-day. Dollar will
die from the injuries he received. Wohoe
made his escape.
Work in H**l<**burg Canneries.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Aug. 2.— This
Sunday finds 600 men, women and eirls
are at work in the fruit canneries, which
are running to their full capacity. The
warm weather is ripening frail rapidly,
and the canneries are having hard work
to handle it. While the crop is very light,
but little will be dried.
SANTA BARBARA'S
MURDER SUSPECT,
Watch Kept on an Alleged
Accomplice of Cyrus
Barnard.
NEW THEORY ADVANCED
Proof That the Slayer of Mrs.
Richardson and Daughter
Was Not A one.
TELLTALE TEAIL OF TWO MEN.
A White Horse Tied Near the Villa on
the Night of the Double
Tragedy.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 2.—
There are many who believe to-day that
a man is walking the streets of Santa
Barbara before whose eyes a hangman's
noose Is dangling and in whose ears are
forever ringing the piteous cries of two
murdered women. Already incriminating
circumstances involving him in this crime
are known, and sooner or later, it is be
lieved, the network of evidence will close
its meshes around him and he will meet
4is deserts. This man is now under sur
veillance. His arrest is likely to occur at
any hour.
The tragedy which disturbed Santa Bar
bara's peace less than a month ago is still
fresh in the minds of Cahfornians. Mrs.
Richardson, widow of the late Henry
Richardson and a lady of means, lived
alone with her daughter, Ethel, in a pretty
villa three and a half miles from Santa
Barbara. On Sniaday, the sth of July, they
visitei friends, afterward drivin,* to the
cemetery, half a mile below them, to in
struct the sexton to permit the body of a
friend's child to be temporarily interred
in their own lut.
They returned home about dusk to their
large, lonely house, standing in an open
space fronting the sea, their nearest neigh
bors being the Wallen family, residing
about an eighth of a mile distant. The
next morning Ethel Richardson's body,
almost nude and pierced with bullet
wounds, and with a deep ga«h in her
throat, was found lying in the stubble
field below the house, and on breaking the
house open Mrs. R.chardson was found,
bathed in her own bood, on the threshold
of her chamber. She died the following
day, without regaining consciousness. No
valuables had been taken from the uouse,
the dead women's jewelry, consisting of
watches and trinkets ot considerable value,
being undisturbed and lying m plain
sight.
Back of a cowshed in a corner of the
grounds on the main highway the prints
of two men's shoes were found. Passing
partly around the house was the print of
the girl's bare feet, as she ran from her
pursuers. This little footprint was traced
down the driveway to the main entrance,
where a low chain closed the entrance.
Over this the girl sprang or climbed, evi
dently trying to reach the houses
of neighbors. The prints of the smaller
man's feet, far apart, followed bers down
this drive a short distance, when he sud
denly turned and went toward the four
strand plain wire fence surrounding the
grounds and climbed it, leaving blood on
two of the wires.
Directly opposite these bloody wires,
and a rod or so back from the gateway
and directly away from the course she was
taking to reach the neighbors, the girl was
murdered. There were no evidences oi
her having been dragged to this place, but
on the contrary, the print of her foot was
discerned in the stubble leading to it, and
it is piain that for some region, which no
one has been able to determine and which
he Coroner'a jury did not even attempt t o
ascertain, she changed her course alter
crossing the chain and ran directly toward
her murderer. Who had blocked the path
way that would have led her to protectors
and safety? Wuo was the second man
who left telltale footprints on the grounds?
Fewdouot that Cyrus Barnard, who was
killed at his cottage on Garden street while
resisting arrest as a suspect, had some
thing to do with the crime, though there
were many things in his favor which could
not be explained. He bad been seen a
long distance from the villa shortly before
the murders were committed; the bloody
clothing left by the assassin couid not be
identified as a portion of Barnard's ward
robe. Yet other evidence seemed so con
clusive that public opinion views the kill
ing of Barnard as the vengeance of Provi
dence.
It is now almost a certainty that Bar
nard had an accomplice. That accom
plice may have commuted tne murders
while the man now dead stood by, a cow
ardly and appalled spectator. Senor
Romero, the Caiifornian who has, since
the day of the murder, been the custodian
of the Richardson bouse and grounds,
states that Ayala and his wife, who testified
to having seen and accosted Cyrus Barnard
at 9 o'o.ock on the ni^ht of tne muraer,
also r marked a white horse attached to
an open ouggy and hitched to the fence
along tiie road opposite the RicLardson
barn. No one lives on the other side <;f
this road in that vicinity. No one wouid
hitch a horse there at that time of night
unless on a visit to the Richardson place.
Yet if they had any visitors that time of
nieht that fact has been sedulously con
cealed.
Had Barnard hired or borrowed this
horse testimony concerning it would long
ago have been forthcoming. Some one is
inteesteu :n coneeauug the fact that the
white horse was out ttiat night. The man
now under suspicion was seen in Barnard's
company on the day of the murder, but
when questioned afterward he positively
denied that he had seen Barnard on that
day ani! -ince then he has kept guardedly
in the bacK^round.
PANIC AT STOCKTON.
Butchers Enjoy an Outing in Good tea ter
'■ -"-.:'• Grove. ' .." ■
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 2.— Thousands
of ; people, attended the butchers' picnic
to-day at Good water Grove. The day.; was
a perfect one for such an outing and many
were not slow to take - advantage , of . the
I occasion to visit the Grove. By the morn-
I ing's boats large delegations came from
1 San Francisco and Oakland, and the 'early,
train. brought ■ numbers i from Sacramento
and 'other points near by. ; . :
The visiting ? butcher* * : joined , the local
! organization in the parade that was formed
I on San Joaquin street and marched about
I the city to the music of the Sixth Regiment
I and the Foresters' bands. After parading
1 about the principal 5 streets the butchers
' board' d[t tie car and I proceeded ;• to Good-
I water Grove;; wnete a '■? monster i ; barbecue
awaited them and the? throng that went
our to witness the festivities. ' ; ; "- \
I Near the track atlth«vgroTii host pits
"■'.-■-. ■■'■-. .--• « -:-■. ■■■-.:-■---■ r :..■ 'r ■■ - .. s-^ZJSBj
had been du^ and here whole oxen were
roasted after the most approved fashion, |
and every one in the grounds was served \
with slices of the barbecued meat gratis. !
After the feast dancing was engaged in at |
the pavilion, the Sixth Regiment band
supplying the music, while in the grounds
without the other bana gave a concert.
Valuable prizes were awarded for the win
ners in the contests scheduled on the pro
gramme of athletic events.
The visiting delegations returned by
steamer to San Francisco to-night, though
many found the time passing so pleas
antly that they remained over until to
morrow.
STOCKTON BOY KILLED.
Struck by an Electric Car While Trying to
Steal a Ride Into the
City.
STOCKTON, Cax-, Aug. 2.— Eddie
Condy, the twelve-year-old son of Street
Contracter Condy of this city, was run
over by an electric car and killed this af
ternoon. For the past three or four weeks
the conductors and motormen have been
annoyed by a party of youngsters who
stay near North street and try to steal
rides into the city. To-day was not an ex
ception, and Eddie Condy was one of
those who were trying to steal a ride on an
incoming car. The. conductor tried to
reach him, but the nimble yonth evaded
him a number of times. The conductor
warned him and told the boy that he was
liable to get hurt in jumping on and off
the car, as he had been doing in trying to
dodge the street-railway man, but the
youngster paid no heed to the admoni
tion.
Condy failed to see car No. 19 that was
on the way out to Goodwater Grove
crowded with people, and stepped from
the incoming car as No. 19 came along.
He was out on the right hand track be
fore Motormau Grider saw him and then
it was too late to cheek the car.
The front of the swiftly- moving electric
car struck young Condy in the back,
knocking him down, bruising him about
t.p head and breaking his arm. He was
picked up unconscious and the next car
carried him back to Stockton. The boy
died soon afterward from the internal in
juries he had received.
FRESNO RIGHTS Of WAY.
Committees on Riral Routes Working to
Secure the Valley Road.
FRESNO, # Cal., Aug. 2.-C. 8. Yonng
and W. C. Edes of the San Joaauin Valley
Railway Company were in conference
yesterday with committees on rights
of way on the Reed ley route. As the rail
road company has agreed to build the
road over a route, either by way of Han
ford or Reedley, along which landowners
first offer right of way, the committees
along the two surveys are working very en
ergetically. So far the Hanford route is
ahead, the committees claiming that they
will be able to offer free right ot way with
in thirty days.
The committee on the Reedley route
have been less successful, but are doing
everything in their power to get the road.
Grading to Fresno will be finished in two
or three weeks and they fear if they are
not successful in procuring rights of way
by that time, so that work can proceed,
the grading outfits will be moved away
and the road will not be continued south
ward this season.
The most difficulty over the right of way
is experienced between Fresno and Reed
ley. Right of way through Tulare County
has nearly been obtained.
NEW TO-DAT.
"Red Letter Days"
SECOND WEEK-LAST WEEK.
Some lots all gone — some lots partly gone- —
others haven't been touched yet.
Of course, every day lessens the lot to pick
from, but there's a storefull to fill vacancies
with, so last-week buyers are about as well
off as first.
Sideboard — $50 for an
$50 instead f 5^ ide :
, » c _ board — and j
|Ot $85 t he story is j
briefly told. The Sideboards j
are here, ready to be looked !
at this mornifg.
It they last until noon it'll j
be because Sideboard wanters j
haven't $50 handy.
Quarter-sawed Oak — and the choicest at
that — highly poushed: deep, rich hand-
carving; velvet-lined Silver Drawer;
roomy Wine Cupboards.
You'll not get another such
offer right away ; too many
Sideboards — too little room,
the cause.
You are welcome — buy or
no buy.
California
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole &CO., carpeta,
1 1 7-1 2 1 Geary Street Mming*.
BEARS KILLED BY .
A RANDOLPH GIRL
Seventeen- Year-Old Jennie
Rose's Battle for
Life.
FACES A SAVAGE BEAST.
Mortally Wounds a Cub and Is
Pounced Upon by Its
Mother.
SAVED BT A DOG FEOM DEATH.
While It Engages Her Assailant Sh«
Sends a Bullet Through
Bruin's Heart
MARSHFIELD, Ob., Aug. 2. — Miss
Jeannette Rose of Randolph, 17 years old,
is the heroine of that locality because of
her brave encounter with a big blacfc bear
Friday afternoon. She was strolling in an
unfrequented place in the woods near
home, carrying a rifle with which she was
shooting rabbits and birds, when she cams
upon a bear cub. Without counting upon
the consequences, Miss Rose shot at the
little fellow. With the crack of herrifla
the cab fell, wounded and squealing,
and then, to the astonishment of
the huntress. Mother Bruin appeared
on the scene and took a hand in the affair.
The bear made a savage rush at Miss
Rose, who retreated with her face to th«
beast, at the same time tiring several
shots at her assailant. The infuriated
bear reached Miss Rose with one of its
paws, striking her to the ground. For
tunately she was accompanied by a small
pet dog, which, instinctively realizing ita
mistress' danger, began snapping at the
bear.
This distracted the enraged animal's
attention before it had done more harm*
than to break the girl's collar-bone and
bruise her face.
While the bear was making sad havoc
of the brave little dog, Miss Rose arose
and fired again and the bullet pierced
bruin's heart. Exhausted and bleeding,
she succeeded in reaching home and're
lated her adventure. Relatives went to
the scene of the encounter and there
found the carcasses of the bear, the dog
and the cub, which had died from its
wound.
It is proposed to send Miss Rose and
the stuffed hides of her ame to the Port
land Exposition next month, where the
heroic girl will prove a great attraction.
Dining- Now about Din-
Room in s Ch Ifrs1 f rs - We
. can se U you a
Chairs c h a ir for $i— but
we would rather help you
economize, and sell you a
better one.
Picture shows a pattern in
Polished Quartered Oak that
we have sold for a long time
at $2.50 each — and somehow
they do look awfully well.
But patterns change — •
these must give place to
something else ; the balance
of them are yours at $1.90
apiece.
Arm-Chairs to match, $3;
At Half — A few reduc-
*t , tions that may
or Nearly interest you . y
Sideboard, regular price |SOO, "Red Let-
ter" price |400. Oak; finest in the store;
worth looking at, anyhow.
China Closer--Oak, |30 instead of $60.
China Closet — Mahogany, Empire de-
sign, $62.50 instead of $125.
Mahogany Sideboard, $155 instead of
$31 a
34
FORTUNES FOUND
IN MOJAVE SANDS
Prospector Drouillard Seeks
for Water and Gets
Gold.
JOY SLAKES HIS THIS ST.
Glittering Ore Uncovered by a
Man Half Dead From the
Heat.
DEATH BRAVED FOR RICHES.
A Mining Camp Springs Up at Once
in the Vicinity of tbe Dis»
covery.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Aug. 2. -The
story has already been told briefly of the
latest wonderful discovery of gold on the
Mojave Desert; but only the bare bones of
the romance (fur it is a veritable romance)
have been presented to the public. The
account as previously telegraphed was that
two prospectors, wandering far from set
tlement or habitation on the superheated
hands of the desert during the recent hot
spell, when in the settled valleys deaths
from heat were numerous, and even that
iabled individual, the "oldest inhabitant,"
could not call to mind such another "spell
of weather," had by merest accident stum
bled upon a fortune in the shape of a ledge
of gold-bearing rock of almost incredible
richness.
These men, Dronillard and Pyle by
name, being practically without means,
naturally loosed about for some method
of recuperating their fortunes. Stories of
the good luck that had belalleu other men
situated like themselves, and who had
pone to the desert mining camps, reached
their ears, and they decided that what
others had done they also conld do.
Neither had even the small amount of
wherewithal to obtain the outfit, without
which it were worse than useless to ven
ture desert ward. A brother of one of the
partners was consulted, and promptly
f#lunteered to do what is known as the
"grub-stake act." In other words he
agreed to fnrni^h what was necessary for
the trip, in return for an equal Bha;e in
whatever discoveries might be made.
Equipped then for the hardships and
dangers for a desert trip in July the two
partners started for the Mojave, with a de
termination to exhaust every effort in the
search for a paying mine. As lucji would
have it they started just at the commence
ment of that hot wave which for three
Jong, weary weeks held the interior val
leys in its liery grasp and sent to death
more human beings and animals than the
newspapers have cared to publish.
But such a drawback as 123 degrees,
more or less, in the shade and up to 150 in
the sun, could not daunt these two pros
pectors. They pushed uir-ir way out on to
the Mojave Desert to the recently estab
lished camps fifty to sixty miles northeast
of Mojave. Then they began their in
quiries. Had such and such a locality
■ been prospected? Yej, and some good
mines found. Well, we don't want to go
there. Another locality? The same
answer. Another? Still the same reply.
Finally, How about that region? Oh,
that's been prospected high and low and
never a sign or a color found. That's the
place for us. That's what we are looking
for— and toward it th?y headed. They
made camp at the only water iv the region
and then started to prospect the entire
locality thoroughly.
Each day they filled their canteens and
uiru prospector's pick in band started
out, hopeful tbaterethe thrice-heated sun
fell below the blue hills in the west some
discovery would reward their efforts. The
heat was something awful. Nothing like
it had ever been known in that region,
and all who could tied to the mountains or
tho seashore.
But the partners persevered. Two weeks
in this earthly inferno passed and still no
discovery to reward them. But this did
not cau^e them to lo3e heart. They had
gone to the desert with a definite object
and they proposed to accomplish that o>
• ject or die in the attempt.
On the first day of the third weekDrouil
• lard started out alone and in a different
• direction lrom any in which he had previ
ously gone, fcome one who claimed to be
acquainted with the country told him
where there was a spring in the direction
iri which he proposed going where he
could find abundance of water. Very care
lessly, but quite naturally, he put faith in
these instructions, took" the Dearings of
the presumed spring carefully and started
out with what he supposed was water
enough in his canteen to snrfice until the
spring could be reached. Having full faith
in the directions given, he did not bus
band his supply cf water as he might
. otherwise have done, but drank freely
whenever thirsty. The result was that his
canteen was empty long before he reached
the spot where he expected to obtain a
fresh supply of water. Some time passed
after the last drink had been taken before
he reached the spot where the.spring was
supposed to be. When Drouiliard arrived
at the hoped-for locality at last he found
where the spring had been, but not a drop
of water was there. It had vanished,
evaporated completely, and not so much
as a sign of moisture remained. The un
usually hot weather had dried up every
drop of what had been a fairly abundant
supply.
Now the pangs of thirst which had as
sailed the prospector for the last two hours
were redoubled. The very knowledge that
there was no water to be had made him
ail the more thirsty. His parched mouth
became still more parched, and he would
have given anything in the world for a
draught even of the most brackish water.
He sought in every direction for another
spring, but in vain. Not a sign of water
could be found anywhere.
While looking for the precious fluid,
half blinded with the heat and glare and
haif mad with the torments of thirst, he
stumbled over some "float," which his ex
perienced eye told him at a glance was a
good indication of the proximity oi a
ledge of quartz. Even his thirst did not
deprive him of the desire which had
promoted the trip, and, half uncon
sciously almost, he abandoned the search
for water and followed up the float, deter
mined to find its source, even if it were the
last thing he did. He had not far to go.
Perhaps 500 yards he traveled, led on all
the while by the increasing quantities of
float, and then suddenly he came to the
ledge which was its origin. At the point
where he struck it the soil was nearly
level and the quartz projected perhaps a
couple of feet above the surface. A glance
showed him that it was beautiful "live"
rock. Then a blow with his pick and a
piece was broken off and piclced up for
examination. That was enough; he had
found what he sought.
All across the fracture the bright yellow
metal glittered in the sun, a mass of wire
work, held together by a spongy formation
of half-decomposed quartz, dark red in hue
and contrasting handsomely with the
treasure in irs grasp. Almost half gold
was the fracroent of rock. Another and
yet another piece were broken off, and all
with the same result. The ledge was fol
lowed some distance, and still the rock
wherever broken off showed up rich with
gold. It was a bonanza !
To use Drouillard's own words: "I was
no longer thirsty!" Only a man who has
actually experienced a desert thirst can
realize what this means. Think of the
most acute bodily discomfort one ever ex
perienced, increase it a hundred-fold, then
have something transpire which drives
that discomfort, even the memory of it,
from one's mind like a Hash, and he can
perhaps have a faint realization of the sen
sations of the lucky prospector over his
find.
As soon as he realized what he had dis
covered Drouillard saw that the iedee
cropped out for a long distance in both
directions. He at once put up a monu
ment and notice of claim, and then started
for camp. Five mortal hours he went
without water. Five hours without a
drink of water? Pshaw, most of us do
that every day and think nothing of it.
But out on tue desert— hot, dusty, shade
less, cloudless, with the fierce July sun
beating down with a fervor which the
cold figures of the thermometer cannot
adequately depict — ah, that is different.
Why, fifteen minutes without a drink is
misery, half an hour torture, two hours
death almost to the man unaccustomed to
the terrible torridity. Yet five long hours
did Drouillard travel with empty canteen
at bis side. The latter portion of the
period he was buoyed up by the glorious
news which he was hastening to impart to
his companion. Had it not been for that
it is doubtful whether he would ever have
reached camp alive. When he did ar
rive he was as near death as one can be
and recover.
The rest of the story is easily told, inas
much as it is but a repetition of what has
occurred hundreds of times. The part
ners went back to the scene of the discov
ery, staked out claims for themselves and
their backers, and then gave the news to
the world. Four claims, making 6000 feet
on the ledge, was their modest limit, and
then the discovery was free for any one.
As soon as the news got out miners from
Red Rock and Mojave, from Goler and
Raudsburg, from Cow Weils and Coyote
Hole, rustied in, and in an incredibly short
time had the country staked out for miles.
The original discoverers traced the crop
pings for a little over a mile and located
it; but oue man has already found crop
pines of similar character pine miles
away and the intervening country has
Oeen pretty nearly all takeu up.
Ore taken from several points on the
ledge shows assays of anywhere from $250
to $'J. r >ooa ton, mostly in gold but with a
fair amount of silver. AW along theledge,
which is three feet in width on the surface,
samples taken at random show the same
wonderful layers and stringers of pure
gold running through the quartz. A small
shipment of 700 or 800 pounds of ore was
taken from the croppings and sent to be
worKed, and trom the assays is expected
to return from $1 to $1 50 per pound in free
gold.
Arrangements are being hurried by the
discoverers for systematically and thor
oughly working the mines, and they re
turned yesterday to the desert from here,
having come in to procure supplies and
make preparations for opening the mines.
The exact location of these newly dis
covered mines is at the southern base of
the raucre of mountains on the northern
slope of which Kandsburg is situated.
They are about ten or twelve miles nearer
Mojave than Randsburg. A dry lake
known as Cuddeback Lake is close by,
and at Cuddeback Wells, four or five miles
distant, is an abundant supply of pure
water. It is believed from indications
that water can be obtained close to the
mines. Rogers Station, on the Santa Fe
Roaa, is about eighteen miles south-south
west of the discovery and is the nearest
railroad point. An old wagon-road from
Mojave passes directly through the local
ity, and the ledge itself shows signs of the
passing and repassing of many vehicles,
yet uever a man thought it worth while to
examine the rock till Drouillard came
along.
Otuer locators on the ledge are finding
rich rock, while dry wasbers are already
at work in several localities along the ledge
and are making good wages.
The report has been circulated that this
is probably the lost Pegleg mine. The
proposition is absurd on its face. The Peg
leg mine is on a direct line between the
Colorado River at about the Needles and
Warner's Pass, away to the southeast
from Los Angeles. It is not more than
three days' horseback ride from Warner's
ransh, and i* a couple of hundred miles or
so from St. Elmo— the name given the new
camp. ________________
SPIRITUALISTS AT REDONDO.
Second Annual Camp- Meeting of the
Southern California Association.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Ang. 2.— The sec
ond annual camp-meeting of the Spiritu
alists of Southern California was opened
at Redondo to-day. The gathering is one
ot the largest in the history of the organi
zation.
The services began in the morning with
open-air singine, after which Mrs. E.
Browning, president of the Truth-seekers'
Society of Los Angeles, delivered an invo
cation. At the conclusion of her prayer
the flag was raised.
The crowd adjourned to the Auditorium,
where i?. Dye, president of the Camp
Meeting Association of Spiritualists, de
livered the address of welcome. He re
ferred to the conditions and outlooK of the
work now being much more favorable than
when the association was formed three
years aeo.
W. J. Colville of Boston followed with a
few remarks, after which J. R. Peebles of
San Diego spoke. E. K. Hurlburt read an
original poem, which had been written at
4 o'clock iv the morning upon the opening
of the camp-meeting.
Professor E. A. Whitelaw gave several
violin selections. W. J. Colville was again
introduced, and delivered an address on
"The Universal Mission of Spiritualism."
The afternoon session was occupied by
spirit tests, Mrs. D. N. Place of Ban Fran
cisco, and Mrs. Ladd Finnican being the
mediums to interpret the messages. Dr.
Peebles delivered an address in the even
ing and tests were made by Mrs. Wer
niouTh.
Cnptnin Harris Die* at Ilwaco.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 2,— Captain Al
Harris, one of the best known men on the
Columbia, and for many years engaged in
steamboating on the lower river, died at
his residence iv Ilwaco this afternoon
after a lingering illness. He was the first
captain of the life-saving crew at Fort
Canby when Major Blakeney was in
charge of that branch of the service.
Xos Olivoa Accident.*.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 2.—
Adolph Roster of Los Olivoa, while driv
ing a six-horse team down the grade from
Echo Canyon yesterday, was attacked with
vertigo and fell from his high seat. The
wagon, which was loaded with grain,
passed over his body. Ho was found lying
unconscious on the road. It is uncertain
whether he will recover.
To Checlt Doublful American Marriages.
OTTAWA, Ont., August 1.-The new
marriage law of the province of Ontario,
which went into effect at 12 o'clock yester
day morning, makes it more dlffioult than
heretofore for American couples who cross
the border for the purpose of contracting
a marriage that is to be kept secret for a
while, to carry out their plans.
Mexico Jieilucfs Import Duty on Corn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. U.-Consul-
General Crittenden of the City of Mexico
telegraphs the State Department that after
August 1 the import duty on corn into
Mexico is made $1 per cargo of 300 pounds,
a reduction of 40 cents a cargo.
To attack a man with any weapon is a
serious matter in Madagascar. It is pun
ishable by death.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
LOS ANGELES'
NEW SCHOOLS,
Eleven Houses of Learning
Erected in the Past
Year.
COST THE CITY $326,000.
Large Increase in the Number
of Scholars Shown by a
Late Census.
BEST INSTRUCTORS ENGAGED.
High Salaries Are Paid and All
Modern Educational Ideas
Brought Into Us*.
Following is the first of a series
of articles prepared under the super
vision of the three commercial
bodies of Los Angeles — the Cham
ber of Commerce, Board of Trade
and Merchants' and Manufactur
ers* Association — showing the
growth of population and recent
industrial development in that en
terprising city and vicinity.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 2.-Eleven
new schoolhouses, with an aggregate of
101 rooms and accommodations for nearly
5000 pupils; nine old school buildings re
paired and enlarged by the addition of
from two to six rooms, thu9 providing ac
commodations for about 1000 additional
pupils. Such ib the record for one school
year in Los Angeles.
If there is one thing above another
which the wide-awake residents of Los
Angeles are proud of, it is the facilities
afforded by the city for the schooling of
the rising generation. Few cities in the
land are better equipped in this respect,
none have made more rapid strides in this
direction. It is doubtful whether the rec
ord made by Los Angeles in the last school
year in the matter of building school
bouses has ever been equaled by any city
of the same size in a like period.
Nothing, perhaps, more forcibly illus
trates the remarkable growth of Los An
geles than the building of so many school
houses in one year. These buildings were
not erected to meet a future want, but to
provide for a present necessity. Although
new buildings were added from time to
time, and the capacity of the schools
doubled several times in the last decade,
the buildings became so crowded last year
that a large increase in facilities for the
proper education of the juvenile popula
tion became imperative. Notwithstand
ing the greatly enlarged accommodations
provided, all the buildings— new end old
will be full to overflowing next school
year, and if the growth in population con
tinues at the present rate, it will not be
long before this year's building operations
will have to be repeated.
The last school census shows 20,639
children of school age— between 5 and 17
years— in the city, an increase of 3683
over the previous year. This increase is
partially accounted for by the annexation
of suburbs to the city, but most of the in
crease is natural. The total population of
the city, based on the school census, is in
I round numbers 87.000. This is a conserva
tive estimate. The School Census Mar
shal's report for 3890-91 showed a school
population of 11,084. The total popula
tion of the c'ty the same year, according
to the Government census, was a little
over 50,000. The ratio between the scnool
and total population was about 4.2 per
cent. The same ratio applied to the pres
ent year makes the total population 87,000,
as already stated.
The following table, taken from the of
ficial records, tella the story of the city's
growth:
Year. School Population.
1881 H.62D
1891 "■ 11,084
1892 11.830
1893. 13,089
1894 14,743
1895 16.956
1896 "."".'."."1".!."."."'.!." 550,639
To accommodate all these school chil
dren there are now fifty- four well ap
pointed schooihouses distributed at con
venient distances over the forty odd
square miles of territory which the City
covers. Most of these buildings, espe
cially the new ones, are imposing; edifices
architecturally and are provided with all
the modern conveniences and the latest
improved school furniture and apparatus.
A remarkable thing about the new
schoolhouses is that they were all de
signed by and built under the direct super
vision of Charles L. Strange, City Super
intendent of Buildings, without any addi
tional cost to the City for architect's fees.
By placing the work in his hands ex
clusively the City saved $13,500 in archi
tect's fees alone. This is all the more re
markable taken in consideration with the
fact that the Superintendent of Buildings
had in charge at the same time the de
signing and building of a new central
police station and city jail, besides the
performance of his regular duties as su
perintendent of the unprecedented^ large
amount of private building operations.
The contract price of the eleven school
buildines erected under the superintend
ence of Mr. Strange was $180,000. They
are located as follows: Pico and Sentous
streets, 12 rooms; Temple and Custer
streets, ten rooms; New Macy and A Vila
streets, eight rooms; Cambria and Vernon
streets, eight rooms ; Twenty-first and Nor
wood street, ten rooms; Olive street be
tween Fourth and Fifth, twelve rooms;
Second street, near State, Boyle Heights,
eight rooms; Sixth street, near Maple
avenue, ten rooms; Twenty-eighth and
San Pedro streets, ten rooms; Griffith
avenue, eight rooms; Boyd street, near
San Pedro, five rooms.
The entire outlay for the new buildings,
repairs, additions, furniture, etc., during
the year, exceeded $326,000, the amount of
the bonds floated for this especial purpose.
The total amount of Los Angeles city
school bonds now outstanding is $476,950,
but this is a debt that the citizens of Los
Angeles are not ashamed of. They have
never yet refused to vote bonds for school
purposes when the necessity arose. These
bonds are deemed gilt-edge investments
'and do not have to go begging for pur
chasers. They are promptly redeemed at
maturity. The total value of the city's
school property is estimated at $1,146,650.
The operating expenses of the City
School Department for the school year
ended June 30, 1896, amounted to $297,
-353 48, as against $257,537 46 last year. The
new rear is begun with a balance of
$04,14G 74 in the City treasury accredited
to the common school fund.
In the year 1894-95 290 teachers were em
ployed; in 1895-98 tbe number of teachers
was increased to 377. The schools were
open 9% months. The total enrollment of
pupils in all grades was 16,034. The
average monthly salary paid the 49 male
teachers in the primary and grammar
grades was $93 81; average salary of 328
female teachers In same grades, $76 73.
The average salary of 7 male teachers in
the High School was $125 05 per month,
and of 12 female teachers, $103 64.
Tne High School had an average daily at
tendance during the year of 391 and grad
uated a class of 71. "This is an excellent,
institution, the graduates being prepared
to enter the State University and kindred
institutions. The cost of running the High
School last year was $25,778 15. It occu
pies an elegant building which, with its
furnishing, cost a few years ago $88,000.
The High School is one of the public insti
tutions of the town which the citizens take
special pride in.
It may safely be said that the public
schools of Los Angeles were never in a
more prosperous condition. In buildings,
equipments and efficiency of instructors
they challenge comparison with the
schools of any city in the country.
The corps of teachers employed em
braces some of the best educators in the
State. Most of them are graduates of
training-schools or State normals, and
many of them have been employed con
j tinuously for years by succensive Boards
of Education on account of the efficiency
they have shown.
There is perhaps no section in the Union
which affords better educational facilities
at public expense than Los Angeles City
and County. There are, besides the excel
lent public schools and the State Normal
School, located here a number of private
schools, both secular and parochial. The
children in attendance at these private
schools during the last school year num
bered 1052. This is exclusive of the stu
dents enrolled in seminaries, business col*
leges and institutions for higher education,
of which there are quite ft few, some of ex
cellent reputation.
Patriotism is taught in all the public
schools of the city, and "Old Glory" floats
over every schoolhouse while school is in
[ session. Many people considered school
children's day atthe late fiesta, when 10,000
boys a>)d girls, bedecked with flags and
garlands, marched in parade and partici
pated in flag-raising exercises, the most
successful day of the entire festival.
If schoolhouses are the country's fort
resses, then Los Angeles needs no other
defenses. She is as well fortified as any
city in the country.
ARRESTED AT SACRAMENTO.
'** Mind-Reader^' Tyndall ■' Strike* > a Man
If ho Called Mm a Fakir.'
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Aug. 2.—Profes
sor Tyndall, the so-called mind-reader, was
tne cause of a street sensation here this
evening. '
A committee had visited a downtown
hotel and selected a certain name in tne
register which Tyndall was to find. When
Tyndall had driven to the hotel he could
not determine which name the committee
had ■■ selected,; and . declared Clark : pur
posely kept j his * mind on other names no
as to confuse him.'
Tyndall then wanted to take the hand
of Miss Clayes, an actress at the Clunie
Opera-bouse, ■:- who was also ' one of the
committee. To this Clark demurred ; and
declared *it was a fake. Tyndall slapped
him in the face. Just then the police ar
rived and arrested Tyndall for fast driving.
He gave a bond. :; :; '-V ■■■■.; '
»
\ Slight on Frailer Valley Land*.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 2.-The re-
cent flooas have covered the Dewdney
ranches with a most peculiar substance
apparently unknown to scientific men.
The water has receded and apparently
blanketed the low-lying farms. This pe
culiar substance will absorb water like
blotting paper, but will apparently not
dissolve in water. It resembles Chinese
paper, but completely shuts out the light
and all vegetation beneath it dies accord
ingly. If anyone can find out how this
peculiar substance can be turned into use
he will be blessed by the long-suffering
farmers of the Fraser Valley.
Railway Magnates at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 2.— Edwin
Winter, president of the new Northern
Pacific Railway Company, Edward D.
Adams, chairman of the reorganization
committee, and a party of prominent New
York and St. Paul railroad officials arrived
in Seattle to-day from Taconia and are
guests of Receiver Burleigh. To-morrow
the party will be in attendance upon the
Federal Court, when Judge Hanford will
be asked to confirm the sale, as far as con
cerns the property in this State of the
Northern Pacific, made on July 25.
Killed in San Timoteo Canyon.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Aug. 2.—
Francisco Jureva, a young man of this
city, was hunting in San Timoteo Canyon
with a single-barreled shotgun. In cross
ing a creek in the valley the hammer of
the gun was struck against something and
the piece discharged, inflicting a wound
that proved fatal last evening. The lad
was 16 years old, and of good family.
Los Gatos firemen Elect Officers.
LOS GATOS, Cal., Aug. 2— The Los
Gatos Fire Department has elected the
following officers: Chief engineer, W. H.
Ross; first assistant engineer, George
Brown; second assistant engineer, N.
Baumgardner; secretary, George H.
Adams.
failure of an Auburn Bank.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 2.— The Bank
of Auburn, at Auburn, King County, sus
pended payment yesterday. The liabili
ties are about $25,000. E. R. Lilienthal,
P. X. Lilienthal and I. Steinhart of San
Francisco are the principal stockholders.
SAN MATEO ACCIDENT.
Frightened Horses Overturn a Burlingame
Tallyho and Three of Its Occu
pants Are Injured.
SAN MATEO, Cal., Aug. 2.— A tallyho
coach carrying a party of Burlingame
pleasure-seekers came to grief on the
Spanishtown road, three miles from San
Mateo, this morning, and three of the
occupants were badly injured.
George Newhall, a member of the Bur
lingame Country Club, and Mrs. Newball,
his mother, accompanied by Mrs. Robin
son of Redwood City and Mr. PaJache of
San Francisco and two grooms, were driv
ing toward Spanishtown, when a flock of
turkeys, emerging from the brush at the
roadside, frightened the leaders of their
four-horse team. The horsea dashed up a
bank at the side of the grade and the
tallyho was overturned, throwing the occu
pants violently to the ground.
Mrs. iNewhali's shoulder was fractured.
Mrs. Robinson suffered a broken rib and
Mr. Palache'a face was badly lacerated.
The injured were taken to Burlingame,
where they are now being cared for. Mrs.
Robinson and Mr. Palache were guests of
the Newhall3 at their country home.
failure at Xos llato.t.
LOS GATOS, Cal., Aujr. 2.— The general
merchandise store of W. D. Hudson at
Los Gatos has been closed on attachment
levied by Levi Strauss & Co. of San Fran
cisco. The amount of the claim is $976 33.
Elder Tanner's Address.
Elder Nathan Tanner of the local Mormon
Mission, who has been recently laboring in
San Jose, spoke to a large audience in Pythian
Castle lost night on "The Necessity of a New
Witness for God." The speaker declared that
Joseph Smith was a prophet clothed with au
thority from God and that the "Book ot Mor
mon" is the greatest evidence extant of the
truth of the Bible, which Mormons profesa to
promulgate.
The Blaguiro Club.
The James G. Magnire Democratic Club
of the Thirty-first Assembly District was
organized Saturday night at the corner of
Folsomand Eighth streets. W. J. Gallagher
was elected president and F. E. Tracy
secretary. About 300 persons were present.
"ENTIRE BUTTS"
The Origin of a Malt Beverage That Be
came the Favorite of Thirsty Souls.
Plenty of people imagine this on public
house signs to signify a monopoly of sup
ply from one brewery ; but it is really the
old name of what is called "porter." The
following history of its origin may be ac
ceptable:
It appears that in the early days of last
century the lovers of malt liquors in Lon
don were accustomed to regale themselves
upon three classes of these beverages; they
had ale, beer and twopenny. Many who
preferred a more stubtle combination of
flavors than either of these liquors alone
could iaa part would ask for half-and-half —
that is, half of ale and half of beer, half of
ale and half of twopenny, or half of beer
and half of twopenny.
Others, again — and these were the real
connoisseurs of malt liquors— would call
for a pot of three 'threads,' or three
thirds — i. c., one-third of ale, one-third of
beer and one-thira of twopenny. The
drawer would therefore have to go to three
different casks and through three distinct
operations before he could draw a pint of
liquor. But the hour had come— and the
man. One Ralph Harwood, whose name
is too little known to an ungrateful pos
terity of beer-drinking Britons, some time
about the year 1730 kept a brewhouse on
the east side of High street, Shoreditch.
In that year, or perhaps a little earlier,
as this great man brooded over the incon
venience and waste occasioned by the calls
for the l: three threads," which became
more and more frequent, he conceived the
idea of making a liquor which would com
bine in itself the several virtues of ale,
beer and twopenny. He carried the idea
into action and brewed a drink which he
called "Entire," or "Entire Butts." It was
tasted; it was approved ; it became the
fruitful parent of a mighty offspring, and
from that day to this has gone on increas
ing in name and fame. — Notes and Queries.
Wlien Flying Machines Work.
"Sooner or later the inventive genius of
Professor Langley or of Maxim will solve
the flying machine problem and give us
aerial navigation," said Dr. Henry D.
Zellars of Boston at the Hotel Page. "But
the chances are that even if they succeed
in their efforts only a portion of mankind
will care to make excursions through the
upper atmosphere. I have no idea that
the flying habit would become universal.
"Look atthe bicycle, for instance; that
it is the greatest fad of modern times
everybody will admit, and yet there are
hundreds of thousands of men and women
will never mount a wheel. The time will
never come when all the population will
take to cycling. So it is that even if a
first-rate flying ojevice is perfected there
will be millions of people who will fail to
use it. But I think that we shall see
people sailing through the air in the next
decade, for I have great faith in the prac
ticability of the idea and in the men who
are striving for its development." — Wash
ington Post.
raw to-day:
••••••••••••••••••••••••I
: Always FIRST *S
I Gail Borden I
I Eagle Brand I
5 CONDENSED IIILK S
• For 35 years the leading brand. ;It It the •
' • Best and the most economical. . . •
2 A PERFECT POOD FOR INFANTS 5
••••••••••••••••••••••••a
RETAILED AT WHOLESALE
PRICES.
SCHOOL BOOKS
IPTJI-il-i LINE.
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO.,
Second floor. 723 Market Street.
H|^^ss Belts for $30.
Bi&f < *^>^*>^^%T^3 Ol>l-fashloned and poorly
WsjSr» s^Si__te r — «$fH made, can be bud by pay-
H^rjfC^Sanfifiior* ing your money to electric
yirf7nr=^f^fiS^- belt '-quacks" and travel-
=S\**-Swr. ! lng " lal£ei *-" For a nrst-
" {• -<l_r£ > < class article at a reasonable
<*£?!? '• price write or call for 1 free
.•:._ ; > . . ?mv- copy of our new book.. a.
PIERCK & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearay,
ucoud, tiilrd and lourtli floors, Sau Francisco.
"DON'T BORROW TROUBLE." BUY
SAPOLIO
'TIS CHEAPER IN THE END.
I^^^^^ MAIIUnnn DCoT^nrn <<ci;pIDeNEM
If —AwsF*^ YuhUuUUu Kr\! S3Hrli Tb)sKrea i Vef;etabl «
HW^blWf 1 I fi r 1 »■" I UllLUvitaUzer.tneprescrlp-
HR\' c^r ! Vßy» •*«* MANHOOD RESTORED™-'--"
T^. "^ T\ K» •-» 0 tlon or * jamous French physldan, will quickly cure/ou of all ncr-
H VSN Mi. I\> ', \T OU3 or asea of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
ra "- V W^\ - V *"t i Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcocele and
M >C yF, X^ ■■ ■ .-/ Constipation.-, It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
mm, 2~* -. : > >a^'-- , newol discharge, which IX not checked leads to Bpermatorrha» ar«J
B BEFORE AND AFTER g ] ' ' n e horrors of Impotencr. ClTl»inE3(EcieauaeaUienver, th«
1 arPIDBIE .trengthens^r/eTr^^^^^
„, The r «wn sufferer-, »re not cured by Doctors Is becuuse ninety per cent are troubled with
™* to «JI | - CUPIDENE is the only kno*n remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
Jr« "V* 11 *? 11 / 11 *?*^. t e gtTe «? *5 d money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cure,
» 1 ' 00 * box, six for $5.00, by maiL Send for circular and testimonials, r » .; /
' Aadreaa DAVOL, MEDICINE CO.tl r 1170 Market*" street, Ban Francisco, CaL Tor gala by.
\Sm .: ;■ isUOUKV f HAItiIACYi 11» PoweU«tr»»fc
Is the light that will bring "a": great bf*
.glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and ' vigorous your now
weak body can be made, Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery, was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is : the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. Yon can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is th«
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific}
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN 13 purely vegetable.
HUDYAX stops prematuroness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t«vitchings of. the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is; a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan coats no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
"TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of scr*-
prodncing germs. Tuen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falling nair. You can save a trip to Hot Sprint*
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
30-day circulars. '
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and fills Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATE ME NT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHGENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF XONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as • made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all (Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,757,485 00
Cash In Company's Office. 481 18
Cash. in Banks ...:.;... ;..... ...TV.: 61,255 '21
Cash in bands of United States
Trustees 611,656 30
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 217,929 78
Due from other . Companies for re-
' insurance on losses already paid. .'. 7,208 33
Total Assets..... $2,655,915 83
f . LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaia........ $34,332 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in 5u5pen5e........... 182,955 00
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 21,89100
Gross premiums on Fire Risks nm-
. nin? one year or : less, $1,867,-
-■ 078 24. reinsurance 50 i.er cent. . £ 933,539 12
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, 91,116,-
-282 67, reinsurance pro rata...... . 877,838 03
AH other demands against the C0m-
pany...... ... .................... 149.640 92
• . Total Liabilities 1 . ........... $1,900,196 07
INCOME. -
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums.. $2,043,397 2fi
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources , 68.238 04
' Total 1nc0me........; .$2,111,635 30
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
: eluding $228,892 00 losses of pre-
vious years) :..... . ..... $1,160,124 88
Paid or allowed for Commission or
8r0kerage....'....... 384,246 18
Paid for Salaries, - fees and other
- chances for officers, clerks, eta.... 108,882 6 1
Paid for Htate, National and local
taxe5............... 47,194
All other payments and expend!- v
tures 133,033 94
Total Expenditures $1,833.48187
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year..... $1,160,726 00
. Bisks and Peb- . Fire Risks. Premiums. "
-•,:,-•' MIUMS. ;.*
>. et amount of .Risks
written during the
year................ $370,207,264 $3,497,754 06
Net amount of BlsKs
expired during the
year.:.............. 369,271,198 3,318,439 20
Net amount in force
December 31, araawJfSßWS pSK
1895............... 297,321,742 2,983,380 91
E. B. CLARK, Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day
of January, 1896. .
GEO. O. EUGER, Notary Public
PHOENIX ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON,
P6ffi Established 1782.
PROVIDENCE WASHINGTON INS. CO.
OF RHODE ISLAND,
\ . Incorporated 1799.
BUTLER & H ALDAN,
Gea'l Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
IS THE VERY ■ BEST ' ONE TO EXAMISm
your eyes and tit tnem to spectacles and Br»
glasses with, lostrumsnu of tils own lavaaUaa.
wboaesaperiority t*s not beea equal*! */ *M> .
MMhas been due to the merit* « __y **»-
U-Oce Hours— l2 to 4 m. ■ ■'/-;
j #»g^VDEWEYfILCO.^f?N
V* * p ATENTS,_ c £
; ;^b*^2o MARKET SJ.S.f! 1FIRST INFANTRY
PRACTICE MARCH,
Preparing for a Seven
Days' Tramp to Santa
Cruz.
FOURTH CAVALRY DUTY.
Good Work in Protecting Forests
of the Sierra Re
gion.
THE BERKELEY BATTALION.
Lieutenant Winn, U. S. A., Expects
a Large Enrollment of
Students.
The practice march of the First United
States Infantry to Santa Cruz and return
Is now the talk of the garrisons at Angel
Island and Benicia. Official orders for the
expedition may be Issued in a day or two.
The troops on reaching Santa Cruz will
CO into camp at Garfield Park, near the
ocean. The park is connected with Santa
Crnz by an electric railway line.
Seven companies of the regiment, four
from Angel Island and three from Benicia
barracks, will compose the marching col
umn. The infantrymen will not be pressed
to make quick time to Santa Cruz. The
tramp will begin by easy stages and end
pretty much in the same style.
On the march the commissary depart
ment will be well supplied with subsist
ences for the troops, and the farmers on
the route of the expedition will not be re
quired to pat extra guards on their poul
try yards and orchards. The line of march
will be along the worn highway on this
side of the bay to San Jose, and thence
over the Santa Cruz mountains t« the
ocean. The journey can be made in seven
days by marches that will not distress the
troops. On the return march the road
along the ocean shore, Tia Pescadero, will
be followed.
First Lieutenant F. L. Winn, Twelfth
United States Infantry, who is on duty as
military instructor at the University of
California, expects a large enrollment at
the next college term. The War Depart
ment allows a limited number of officers
to be detailed for college instruction, but
it is not possible to comply with all the
college requests for such details. Only the
leading institutions and those in which
military instruction is in a sense compul
sory are recognized.
Lieutenant Winn if anxious that this
line of study should become popular at
Berkeley, and holds that special advan
tages are presented for studies in engineer
ing and artillery. The Governor and Ad
jutant-General nave manifested much in
terest in the military work at Berkeley,
and a proposition to give the battalion at
Berkeley an allowance equal to the regu
lar battalions of the National Guard may
receive the attention of the Legislature.
The fundamental law of the university
requires military instruction but the State
authorities fancy that all the expense
should be sustained by the Government
and the students.
While the cost of procuring uniforms is
Dot large it is an item of some importance
to many of the students. It is possible to
make the battalion at the university quite
as effective and as readily available as any
existing organization of the National
Guard. The opportunity for special in
struction in engineering is afforded at
Berkeley. It is an important study which
cannot be readily pursued at the armory.
At Stanford University military instruc
tion was recognized for a short time, but it
was neglected or abandoned because it was
not a requirement of that institution.
Lieutenant Oyster, U. 8. A., served for a
term as instructor and then at his own re
quest was relieved from the duty.
The light batteries of the Fifth Artillery
have returned from the long practice
march and are now resting at the Presidio.
The expedition was highly successful.
The troops went into the Sierras as far as
the Yosemite Valley and then wired to
Monterey and Santa Cruz.
At Santa Cruz Benjamin H.Barlow.Light
Battery D, was tried by a court-martial
for making threats of violence against a
non-commissioned officer, and was sen
tenced to be dishonorably discharged, to
forfeit all pay and allowances and to be
confined at hard labor for one year. The
court took into consideration that a record
of six previous convictions stood against
the accused.
Surgeon-General Sternberg has returned
to Washington, having made a summer
jaunt across the continent. He completed
a thorough inspection of the hospitals,
and has decided to recommend additions
to the hospitals at the Presidio of San
Francisco and Leavenwortn.
The third athletic field day exercises, in
accordance with orders, recently took
place at Angel Island, and Company C,
First Infantry, carried away the honors
for the third time. In the chief running
events Sergeant O. Marie was the winner.
Tne contractor on the work of filling in
the Presidio marsh has forty teams em
ployed. The ei-rht-hour requirement is
observed. The task should be completed
early In December.
The contractor for building the new
brick barracks has men at work excavat
ing for the foundation. Rock is coming
from the Angel Island quarry and lumber
from Pupet Sound. Mr. McGowan, the
contractor, is not sub-letting any of the
work. The building should be roofed
over by the middle of December.
Captain Lockett, Troop I, Fourth Cav
alry, arrived from Grant Park in the Sierra
last Saturday and had a conference with
General Forsyth concerning the depart
ment. The troopers are guarding the
forests over a vast area of mountain
country.
General Forsyth takes a deep interest
in tiiis line of duty. He has ooserved the
effects of forest destruction in Ohio, Mich
igan, Wisconsin and Minnesota, and
knows that if the forests in the Sierra are
destroyed the supply of water for the
valleys cannot be held in reserve for grad
ual distribution throughout the summer.
The trooper? of the Fourth Cavalry are
doing great work for the State.
The leave of absence granted to Captain
Henry J. Reilly, Fifth Artillery, has been
extended fifteen days.
Lieutenant William R. Smedberg,
Fourth Cavalry, has been relieved from
duty with the squadron of his regiment,
near Wawcna, to enable him to proceed to
Went Point, in accordance with order*.
Colonel Guenther, U. S. A., who was re
cently promoted, returned from Honolulu
last week. He goes East to take command
at Washington Barracks.
Furloughs have been granted to Sebas
tian Kessel, Battery 8., Fifth Artillery;
Charles H. Fanning, Battery E; Artificer
Theodore A. Higgins, Battery A; Chris
tian Amstutz, Battery A; Sergeant Vin
cent PasetsK, Company -Q, First Infantry;
John W. Frazier, Company F, First In
fantry ; Artificer George Hatcher, Battery
A., Fifth Artillery ; Harry D. Card, Com
pany F, First Infantry; Daniel Braen,
Company H, First Infantry (with per
mission to leave the United States) ; Val
entine J. Schneider, Company A, First
Infantry; John Hanes, Company A, First
Infantry, and Corporal Isaac Hamilton,
Battery C, Fifth Artillery.
RESIGNS AS MATRON.
Bliss Minnie Walter L«iTei the German
Hospital After Five Years' Service.
Miss Minnie Walter, the matron of the
German Hospital, handed in her resigna
tion, to take effect on the 15th inst
Miss Walter has held the position of
matron at the hospital for the past fire
years and la muoh liked by patients and
attendants.
"There has been no trouble of any
kind," she said when seen last night at
the hospital. "I have been here for five
years, and after the hard work I have done
I feel the need of a rest. Of course, I have
had some disagreeable experiences just as
one meets in all hospitals, bat there has
been no friction or conflict with the man
agement." _______
PACIFIC CRICKETERS WIN,
In a Close Contest They Defeat
Alameda by Just Six
Runs.
California-Bohemia Match at Golden
Gate Results in a Walkover
for Bohemia.
Those who congregated at the Alameda
Cricket ground yesterday to witness the
contest between the Alameda and Pacific
clubs looked for a close game. Their ex
pectations were fully realized for, amid a
storm of applause, one of the most inter
esting matches of the season terminated
in favor of the Pacifies by half a dozen
runs.
Winning the toss Captain Hogue of the
Alamedas sent his opponents in. The first
few wickets fell with alarming rapidity,
Wise and Pocock being the only men to
make anything of a stand.
Then George Wiseman, on whom there
is no figuring, took center and proceeded
to do yeoman service. He carried the bat
for a well earned 48, which contribution to
the side's total of 124 was the feature of
the game.
Then the Alamedas went in, headed by
their veteran chief, Randall. Before he
succumbed to one of Richardson's best the
former aggregated a formidable 47. Two
w ickets fell for 60 and the hopes of their
antagonists fell at the outlook. Then
Ward toed the crease and soon showed
that he was in to score, which he did to
the amount of 81 runs.
The excitement reached its zenith when,
at the fall of the ninth wicket, only eight
runs were needed to pass the Pacific's
score. Two of these were niadfl, when H,
Bird sent up a skyer, which Richardson
secured, and the game was over. The
fielding on both sides was smart. The
scores :
PACIFIC*.
J. Myers 510 man..:.. .......... ..".... ....'."." ' 3
G. B. Wise c 'Ward p. b. Sloman 13
H. Ktcbardson b. Sloman ! o
8. Theobald c Randall b. Sloman.. ....;.. 7
H. E. Pocock b. Ward Jr. . 10
A. Dickinson b. Ward Jr. o
F. Be well run 0at...... 9
Q. Wiseman not 0ut...". " 48
H. C. Cassldy b. Ward Jr..... ]'.'. 4
J. H. Harbour run out '...'.'l'.'. 14
K. A. Mutch runout ......... . 9
Extras '.'..'.'.'. 7
Total ; 124
bowl INS ana lysis.
Maid- Wick-
Balls. Buns. ens. ets.
Ward, Jr..... 90 44 1 3
Sloman... ... 95 69 3 4
Peel 48 14 SI
Hogue ... .6 7 .. ..
AI.AMEDAS.
8.8. Hoeue b. Richard50n. ................. 47
.E. T. Randall b. Cassldy . 1
E. G. Sloman b. Dickinson...... ... 13
H. Ward Jr. c. Hewell b. Dickinson.. .. 31
F. S. Price c. G. Theobald b. Richardson ....... 1
J. J. R. Pee! b. Harbour : .. . 4
H, Ward Hr. b. Dickinson.... []\\ 2
J. Bird b. Dickinson.. ' 0
G. Lamb c. Myers b. Casstdy... """ 4
H. Bird c. Richardson b. Cassidy 0
J. Richards not 0ut....... 3
Extras .V '.'.'.'.'.'. 12
T0ta1......... ......118
BOWI.ISB ANALYSIS.
"' Maid- Wick-
Balls. Runs. ens. ets.
Cassidy 98 28 6 3
Dickinson ..127 35 5 4
P0c0ck. ........... ... M .... 18 10 0 0
Richardson......... 68 20 0 2
Harbour 42 13 1 1 -
Meanwhile the Bohemians were engaged
in defeating the Californias at Golden
Gate. Although they succeeded in t. is
effort, the weaker side made an excellent
fight and their 89 runs, mainly contributed
toby Townsley, Van Norden ana Jones,
was, considering the bowling, a very cred
itable performance.
The conquering team was chiefly in
debted to Doc Bowhiil, who put , together
57 with his usual careful play to Potter,
Reeves and the ever reliable Captain Rob
ertson. They came out ahead by over a
century. The full scores were as follows:
CALIFOBNIAS.
J. Guild b. Cookson ...VI
P. D. Gellatly c sheath b. C00k50n....!.'.'."."'.". 2
J. Brooks b. Robertson...., .-, g
C Townsley b. Cookson. ,„„„, .......!!!, 80
V. gollum runout..... .;.... 0
R. B. Jones b. Robertson .".'.'.'.'.' 13
C. Banner b. Robertson , ..*.*... 0
D. Van -Nordin b. Robertson...... .....'.*" 13
J. Hammond b. Cookson.. ..".'.* 0
G. Cane not out '.'.".'..'. 6
A. Kider c. and b. Cookson ....... ...I"*.. '.'.'.'.'. 0
Extra 5..........;. 18
Total .........~89
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick-
Balls. Runs. ens. ets.
Robertson 84 25 4 4
C00k50n........... . 79 47 1 5
I Robertson 1 wide. - - ..
BOHEMIANS.
Dr. JSowhill c. Townsley b. Sollum 57
G. G. Sheath b. Gui1d......;... .'.' J4
W. Robertson c. Van Xordcn b. Guild.. ... ' 20
S. B. .Martin b. T0wn51ey.......... ..II.! 8
L. W. Potter 1. b. w. b. 5011um......... 37
W. McCrae b. Gellatly b. Sollum ....."" «
W. Reeves b. -ollum .. ......... "" .< 4
A. W.Xugg c. Brooks b. Gellatly " 0
E. E. Aitken c. Brooks b. (iellatly " 5
H. H. Cookson c. Brooks b. Sollum.. * 5
S. Shideler not out. :*3
Extras...... ....'..... .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' 17
T0ta1........... ........; 196
. BOWLING ANALYSIS.
- Maid- ': Wick-'
-• ; Balls. Runs. ens. ets.
Guild 90 49 3 2
8anner........... •66 46 1 0
Townsley .24 14 0 1 ;
Sollum 55 SB 0 4
Ge11at1y.................. .64 33 0 2
An Indoor Athletic Exhibition.
A musical and athletic entertainment will
be given in the Y. M. C. A. Gymnasium to
morrow night as a benefit to Professor John
Schenk. Walten's orchestra will play three
selections. The most unique part ot the pro
gramme, nowever, will be the indoor gymnas
tic exhibition, consisting of a physical naval
dn.l, mat work, basket-ball between Oakland
members and San Francisco business men,
Indian club drill by the women's class, double
horizontal bars ar,d fancy club swinging by
the champion amateur of the Pacific Coast
Louis Meyer. The exhibition will be under
tne direction of Dr. HJL Dietz, the physical
director.
LoAxson watches, jewelry, »Uv«rwiire, at Cncle
Harris', 16 Grant artuut,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
The New St. Paul's Church on California Street, Near Steiner. The Cornerstone Will Be Laid
August 23 by Bishop Nichols.
SOCIALISTS NAME
THEIR CANDIDATES.
Nominees for Congress and
for Municipal
Offices.
CITY CONVENTION HELD
All Members of the Party Were
Entitled to Cast a
Vote.
SOME CUT OFFICES PASSED
No Money, but Time Checks Recog
nized — Resolution Against Fu
sion Adopted.
The Socialists' Municipal Convention
was held yesterday in Turk-street Temple.
At the morning session, which convened
at 10 o'clock, there was a rather small at
tendance, but sixty members of the party
being on the floor. In the afternoon, how
ever, the number was doubled and there
were some spectators in the galleries.
There was no attempt at decoration of the
Hall, only the Socialists' red flag was flung
to the breeze outside, while the stars and
stripes hung from a front window. Rep
resentatives of the various Assembly dis
tricts were arranged in acordarice with
signs suspended from the galleries denot
ing the districts.
The delegates and representatives almost
without exception wore red buttons — the
badges of the Socialist Labor party, and
quite a large number appeared with car
nations, flaming-red geraniums, or red
roses.
James W. Rose was elected temporal y
chairman and J. A. Ford temporary secre
tary.
Then followed a discussion on the basis
of representation in the convention. As
the assembled districts were not all organ
ized it remained for the convention to de
termine who was entitled to the floor.
This question was finally decided in favor
of admitting al! members in good stand
ing of the Socialist Labor party. The sec
retaries of the Assembly districts were
appointed as a committee on credentials
with instructions to report immediately.
After a brief recess the delegates present
were seated.
A motion was carried that all members
of the party in good standing be admitted
to the floor of the convention with the
right to vote.
The following committees were elected :
Resolutions and platform— Miss Jane A.
Rolaton, G. Aspden, E. T. Kingdley, G. Ben
ham, C. H. Davies.
Permanent organization and order of busi
ness— H. Warneke Jr., Oliver Everett, H. Mose
bach.
Examination of credentials at door— P. Hart
mann, Leo Gasser.
Immediately on the opening of the after
noon session, the committee on perma
nent organization and order of business
submitted a report, which was followed
only in part. James W. Rose was elected
permanent chairman, and C. H. Davies
permanent secretary.
E. T. Kingsl«y was named for Congress
in the Fourth Congressional District.
The nomination of a member from the
Fifth District was left to the San Jose
branch.
Nominations as follows for Assembly
men were ratified by the convention:
Twenty-eighth District— H. Blumer.
Twenty-ninth— T. Lynch.
Thirty-first— R. T. Ford.
Thirty-second— C. H. Bacon.
Thirty-third— G. Aspden.
Thirty-fourth— F. C. Mosebach.
Thirty-lifth— William Haaxk.
Thirty-eighth— Leo Gasser.
Thirty-ninth— J. W. Rose.
Forty-second — C. Stubenrauch.
Forty- third— C. Sehtnkle.
Forty-fifth— U. Speed.
The naming of Assemblymen from the
districts not included in this list was left
to the respective districts-
Oliver Everett was placed in nomination
for Mayor, having received 51 votes,
against G. Benham, who cot 37.
For Supervisors the following nomina
tions were made:
First Ward— George A. Peterson.
Second— William Costly.
Third— Alfred Grimes.
Fourth— Carl Prazak.
Fifth— Passed.
Sixth— William P. Baruth.
Seventh— D. A. Bean.
Eighth— R. A. Copeland.
Ninth— H. Warnccke Jr.
Tenth— H.F. Sahlender.
Eleventh— W. D. Lambert.
Twelfth— E. A. Hoffman.
For School Directors nominations were
made as follows: Mrs. C. Hecht, Miss J.
A. Rolston, Mrs. Q. B. Benham, Miss J.
Bieguhl, A. Couti, A. Stronski. P. Grot
kow, C. H. Davies ; W. Lewis, J. K. Mack,
S. Armer. The twelfth was not named.
Other nominations were made as fol
lows:
Sheriff— Nicholas Blum.
Recorder— J. A. Hecht.
County Clerk— Passed.
District Attorney— A. Lichtie.
Coroner— Dr. E. A. Bohm.
Public Administrator— Passed.
City Surveyor— Passed.
Superintendent of Streets— August Miller.
Police Judges (four)— Charles Sunflower,
Henry Wnrnuke, Henry Bernan and P. Silver
stein.
Justices of the Peace— Passed.
The nominees were ratified as a whole.
When the report of the committee on
resolutions was presented the convention
was plunged into a heated discussion on
the money question, in which several
delegates participated. There was but one
•"livision of opinion, and that was over the
propriety of considering money only as
time checks.
The resolutions, as follows, on the so
cialistic attitude toward money were
almost unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the Socialist Labor party of
San Francisco, in convention assembled, repu
diate the capitalist party issues of both gold
and silver as a factional fight between the ex
ploiters of labor for the lion's share 01 the in
dustrial spoil of the competitive system; and
be it further
Jiesolved, That we hereby call upon all wage
earners in mines, mills, farms, factories, camps
and counting-houses to come out from amon?
the exploiters of labor, letting their capitalist
masters pull their own political chestnuts
irom the tire of their destruction and wage a
battle for class emancipation and the co
operative commonwealth.
For the arrest of a socialist speaker on the
street and subsequent fine ol $5 by Police
Judge Joacbimsen the convention adopted
a resolution condemning the police
and the Judge, and protesting that it was
a violation of the right of free speech.
The following resolution was adopted:
Whereas, The! Socialist LaDor party is unal
terably opposed to all fusion and entangle
ment with other political bodies, be it
Resolved, That nominees of this convention
publicly refuse the indorsement of any other
political party or organization.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Socialist Labor party of
San Francisco, in municipal convention as
sembled, indorse the action of the Socialist
Trades and Labor Congress recently assembled
in London, England, in excluding the anarch
isms from its deliberations; and, also, in favor
ing the abolition of war and the disband
ing of standing armies, .and that all interna
tional misunderstandings be adjusted by an
international board of arbitration.
The question of the arrests for speaking
on the Htieets was discussed at length and
as a result it was decided to hold a mass
meeting next Saturday night at Seventh
and Market streets to protest against this
interference with the socialist speakers. A
resolution wa3 adopted to the effect that
defendants demand trial by iury. Oliver
Everett, William Costly and C. H. Davies
were appointed a committee to take charge
of all arrests of members, particularly in
regard to protests before the Police Com
missioners.
The convention adjourned sine die after
singing the "Marseilles."
FIGHT CATCHWEIGHTS.
George Green, "Young Corbett" and
Billy Gallagher Mafched at the
National Club.
George Green, "Young Corbett," the
champion welterweight of California, and
Billy Gallagher, the well-known light
weight, were matched last night at the
National Club to fight at catchweights for
a purse at the exhibition to be given by the
National' Club some time during the pres
ent mouth.
It will be an eight-round contest. Green
wiil fight at 150 pounds and Gallagher at
145 pounds. A thoroughly live set-to is
anticipated. _
In stipends, salaries and wages to their
numerous officers, clerks and staff, the
corporation of London spend yearly up
wards of £100,000.
ST, PAUL'S NEW
HOUSE OF WORSHIP
It Will Be a Structure of
Rare Architectural
Beauty.
WORK ALREADY BEGUN.
The Sacred Meeting Place Will
Cost Complete Something
Over $15,000.
EISTOEY OF THE ORGANIZATION
Bishop Nichols Will Officiate at the
Laying of the Cornerstone
August 23.
In a few weeks, probably not later than
September 15, the congregation of St.
Paul's Church, California street, near
Steiner, will be ushered into a new house
of worship, an edifice of rare architectural
design and beauty.
Work on the new structure has been in
progress for some time, but so quietly
have the trustees proceeded that but few
outside of those directly concerned knew
that such a move was contemplated. Al
ready the framework is in position, and on
August 23 tne cornerstone will be laid.
Bishop Nichols will officiate on that occa
sion.
The front wall of the new church will be
built of red stone with gray trimmings.
The remaining walls are to be constructed
of wood heavily braced with iron. The
interior will be finished in redwood and
pine. The seating capacity of the audi
torium will be 600.
The two choir stalls are so designed as
to hold forty extra seats, making the total
seating capacity of the church about 640.
Back of the stalls is the chancel thirty-two
feet deep, and to the right of this is the
vestry. When completed the new St.
Paul's will be one of the handsomest and
best equipped houses of worship in the
City.
St. Paul's Church was organized twenty
two years ago, the late William Dutton
serving one year as lay reader. Dr. Mc-
Elroy assumed charge of the parish in
1875. He was followed in a few years by
Rev. Mr. Neals, and he in turn was suc
ceeded by Rev. Mr. Mynard, now in charge
of St. John's Ciiurch^ Oakland. Mr. My
hard continued as rector until two years
ago, when he was called to the city across
the bay.
The present rector, Rev. W. M. Reilly,
was then called. He saw at once that St.
Paul's could n«.ver hope to become a big
church in point of numbers unless it had
a more commodious building. Such a
thing had been talked of for ten years, but
nobody ever seemed just willing to under
take the work. Nothing daunted, Mr.
Reilly began an energetic crusade for a
new church, with the result tnat three
months auo the trustees passed a resolu
tion authorizing such a structure as would
meet the demands of the times. The
building complete, as now designed, will
cost $15,000.
The old church has been moved to the
rear, and will be utilized as a Sunday
school-room and meeting-place. The
beautiful window in the old church dedi
cated to the memory of Dr. McElroy will
be placed in the chancel of the new build
ing. An effort will be made to place by
its side one in memory of Rev. Dr. Neals,
who served the church faithfully and weli.
Messrs. Rulofson, E. Selfridge, Wheat
and Wallace, with the rector, have been
appointed a committee to perfect all ar
rangements for the laying of the corner
stone.
Old Dutch, Japanese gray, old English,
antique and green oaks and mat gilts are the
latest in picture frames. Some pictures look
well in wnite and gold, and others are correct
In green and gold. Sanborn, Vail it Co. have
them all at most reasonable prices. *
MR, MOINAHAN'S
MONKEY-SHINES,
They Won a Ball-Game
for the San Francisco
Team.
A TEN-INNING CONTEST.
Excellent Showing Made by Most
of the Players Who
Participated.
EIGHT TO SEVEN THE SCORE.
Costly Errors by Two of Their Out.
fklders Lost the Game for
the Imperials.
There was a game of ball worth going
miles to see played at the Folsom-street
grounds yesterday afternoon. For nine
innings the San Franciscos and the Impe
rials played as though their lives depended
on the result, but struggle as they would,
neither could obtain a decided advantage
over the other. At the end of the seventh
inning the score stood 7 to 7, and from
then until the tenth inning not a run was
scored.
At the beginning of the extra inning
Monahan, formerly of the Pacifies, "Poo
bsh" Blake's latest addition to his coterie
of local talent, stepped to the bat. Pitcher
Kelly wasted two chances trying to fool
the little infielder. Then Kelly tried with
a straight ball and missed the rubber.
Monahan skipped to the other side of the
plate, and before Kelly realized what he
was about Monahan had got his base on
called balls. Monaban's monkey-shines
beat the Imperials. He got around to
third on outs by Sweeney and Murphy,
and scored on Leonard's safe hit.
In the last half of the tenth the Im
perials went out in one, two, three order.
The San Franciscos and the Imperials
are very evenly matched, and the game
they put up yesterday was as good as any
one could ask. Both sides batted well
and, barring Krug's two fumbles at short,
the fielding was far above the average.
Pete Sweeney seems to be regaining hia
old-time form and put up a game at third
that it would be hard to duplicate any
where. Not a single error was made by
the Imperial inheld, and, in fact, but two
were chargeable to the entire team.
Nealon and Crowley each dropped a fly
ball, and in both cases the error was inex
cusable and costly.
The San Franciscos were first at bat, and
they earned a run in the first inning.
Smith was the initial batter and lined out
a single over the shortstop's head. He
got to second on Krug's out and scored on
Monaban's single. The Imperials in their
half saw the one and went it two better.
Nealon hit safely, Bliss flew out, Green
got a base on balls and Creamer got to
first on a missed third strike, tilling the
bases. Beckett lined out a two-bagger and
the three men scored. Cunningham and
Muller struck out.
In the second inning, after one out,
Leonard got a base for being hit by a
pitched ball. Scott hit safely. Cooney
went out on an infield hit. Smith rapped
out a long fly to center, which Nealon
dropped, and Leonard scored. But for the
error it would have been three out and the
side retired. As it was, Krug, the next
man up, made a three- bagger, scoring
both Scott and Smith. Nealon's error,
therefore, cost just three runs. The Im
perials tied the score the same inning on
a single by Kelly and a double by Bliss.
In the fourth each team scored one.
Frisco's tally was the result of Scott's
tripie and Smith's single. Kelly scored
for the Imperials on his double and Neal
on's single.
In the fifth Monahan was hit by a pitched
ball. Sweeney sent a fly to short right,
which Crowley muffed, thereby losing a
chance for a certain double play, for Mona
han was past second base when he dropped
the ball. Murphy forced Sweeney at sec
ond. Leonard hit safely, scoring Mona
han. Scott followed suit, and Murphy
tallied. Cooney struck out, and Leonard
was caught napping at second. Crowley's
error cost two runs.
In the seventh the Imperials tied the
score on a base on balls and a triple by
Bliss.
From that time on the Imperials failed
to get a man around the bases, and how
Monahan scored the winning ran has al
already been told.
Following is the official score:
Ban Fbanciscos. a.b. r. b-h. s.b. f.o. a. m.
Smith, c. f 6 2-31210
Krug, s. s 5 0 1 0 2 1 2
! Levy, 1. f 6 0 0 0 2 0 0
Monahan, 2 b 3 2 2 0 4 3 1
Sweeney, 3 b 5 0 0 0 15 1
Murphy, 1 b. ...:... 5 X 0 1 10 0 1
Leonard, r. f 4 12 0 110
Scott, c 5 2 3 0 8 2 1
Cooney. p 2 0 0 0 0 10
Total 39 8 11 2 30 14 ~6
Imperials. a.b. b. br. s.b. f.o. a. b.
Kealon.cf. ....5 13 1111
Bliss. 1 b 4 1 2 0 11 0 0
Oreen, c 4 10 13 10
Creamer, a b 6 10 0 6 4 0
Cunningham, 3 b... 5 0 1 0 0 3 0
Beckett. s.s 6 0 115 3 0
Muller, 1. f 5 0 10 3 0 0
Crowley, r. t 4 10 0 10 1
Kelly, p. 5 2 2 0 0 3 0
Totals 42 f 7 10 3 30 15 'J
SCOBX BT ISKISns.
Son Franclscos,- 1 3 0 12 0 0 0 I—B
Imperials 3 10 1110 0 o—7
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— San franciscos 3, Imperials 3.
Three-base hits— Krug, Bliss, Scott. Two-base
hit— Beckett, Bliss, Kelly. Liouble piay— Creamer.
! Bases ion balls, San Franciscos 2, Imperials 2.
Hit by pitched bull— Leonard, Monahan. .struck
oiii— By Coouey 9, by Kelly 2. Passed balls—
Scott 3. Bases on errors— yan Franciscos 2, Im
perials 3. Umpire— Donahue.
The Stocktons Win.
It had been expected that a game would
take place between the Stockton team and
the All-California team from San Fran
cisco, but at the last moment the arrange
ments failed. When it was found that
the All-California team could not come,
Manager Campbell of the Stockton team ar
ranged to play the Call team here and they
came on short notice. The pitcher of the
visiting nine threw his arm out early in
tne game and the Jocal men did not have
any trouble to find the ball after that.
Lockhead of Stockton pitched a star game
and held the visitors down to three runs.
The score by innings was as follows:
Stocktons. 4 8 0 0 2 0 1 Q 4—19
San Francisco Ca11... 0 0000012*— 3
Soldiers Play Ball.
Company F, First Infantry Regiment,
N. G. C, Baseball Club played a game with
a nine irom Company F, Fifth Infantry
Regiment, N. G. C, in Oakland to-day,
and won easily by a score of 33 to 7. The
"Dandy F" batted their different pitchers
THE EMPORIUM.
The Emporium.
San Francisco, Aug. 3, 1896.
SCHOOL
BOOKS
AT COST!
We Have Broken the School-
book Combine. The EM-
PORIUM Comes to the Aid of
Thousands of School Chil-
dren Who Have Had to Pay
Extravagant Prices for Their
Schoolbooks. Although Urged
to Join the Book-Dealers'
Combine to Keep Up the
Prices, We Refused to Do So.
The School Book War Is On.
THE EMPORIUM starts the
Schoolbook War to-day. As we
positively refused to join the book-
sellers' combine to keep up the
former high prices, we are in for it.
We shall sell School Books for
actual cost.
We are here to help the people .
of this City to live cheaper and
better than ever before, and to live
ourselves.
We shall sign no agreements to
keep up prices. We shall at all
times sell goods just as low as they
possibly can be sold. If we sell
more merchandise than other mer-
chants who stick to high prices, it
simply shows that the people ap-
preciate what the EMPORIUM is
doing for San Francisco.
Remember, WE inaugurate the
sale of School Books at cost.
We cannot attempt to give you a
list of the books here — it would
take the whole page — but ask in
your interest as well as our own
that you come and get our prices
before buying your School Books.
The low prices not only apply to
School Books, but to School Sup-
plies of every description ; Bags,
Slates, Pads, Book Straps, Rulers,
etc.
Note our prices for the Cali-
fornia State Books — Good
for the next TWO WEEKS.
Revised First Reader 16c
Revised Second Reader 28c
Revised Third Reader - ..44c
Revised Fourth Reader 53c
Speller 25c
Advanced Arithmetic 43c
Elementary Geography 50c
Advanced Geography 51.02
Gayley's Classic Myths $1.50
Fiske's History United States $1.00
Fiske's Civil Government- $1.00
Julius Caesar, Rolfe Ed., cloth 56c
Julius Caesar, Cassell Ed., paper 10c
Lead Pencils 5c per dozen
Rubber Tips 10c per dozen
Pencil Boxes Filled 5c each
The 'Biggest School Pad you ever saw for $c.
We carry a complete stock of ALL
the Books in the Eight Lower Grades,
as well as those used in the Polytech-
nic and High Schools.
out of the box. There is some talk of
forming a military baseball league from
the different companies in the Second
Brigade. All persons wishing any in
formation should address W. Masury, 815
Ellis street. F Company is anxious to
play a game with any other nine that will
meet it on the diamond.
AN ARCHBISHOP'S ADVICE
Moat Reverend Redwood of New Zea
land Talks of the Salvation of
the Soul.
The Most Reverend Archbishop Red
wood, S. M., of Auckland, New Zealand,
preached yesterday forenoon in Notre
Dame dcs Yictoires, the French Catholic
church on Bush street, near Stockton. His
subject was "Salvation of the Soul."
Father Gente, S. M., pastor of the church,
acted as celebrant of the mass, while the
Archbishop himself was assisted by
Bishop-elect Broyer, 8. M., of Samoa and
by the Rev. Larkin, S. M., who together
with the Rev. M. Rousselon, S. M., and
thirty-six altar- boys were present in the
sanctuary during the services.
The church was beautifully decorated
with Mowers, and as a special compliment
to the Archbishop, who is a proficient
violinist, a violin solo was included in the
music.
Archbishop Redwood is neither an ora
tor nor an elocutionist. He is just a plain,
forceful, common-sense speaker whose
charm is in the simplicity of his language,
in the evident sincerity oi his utterances.
He divided his discourse into two parts—
the value of the soul ; the means of salva
tion.
The soul, he said, is what makes the
man. It will not perish; it is immortal,
and in that particular it is like God. The
salvation of the soul is the most impor
tant business any one can have to do in
this world. Money-making, the pursuit
of health, notning can be compared with
it. It is a personal business. No one can
save another's soul for him; he must at
tend to that himself. God made us with
out our consent; he will not save us with
out our consent.
A business once lost may be recovered
or revived or substituted by another. A
soul once lost is lost for ver.
The means of salvation consists in
prayers, frequenting the sacraments and
keeping the commandments of God and of
the church.
The Archbishop will say mass every
forenoon tnis week from 11:30 to 12 o'clock
in the French church.
• * ■»
Germany has one doctor to 1500 of popu
lation; France one to 3167; the United
Kingdom one to 1234, bat the United
States one to 600.
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. -_.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally »nd Sunday Caix, one week, by carrier. ,f0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Pally »nd Sunday Cam* «lx months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cal;., three months by mall 1.60
pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .66
. Sunday Call, one year, by mall ". 1.60
iikly Call, one year, by mall l«60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
. re you polng: to the country on a vacation? If;
(• it Is no tremble lor us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone...... .....Main- 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS i
51T Clay Street
Telephone Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lamia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mntu street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY.". AUGUST 3. 1896
THE CALL i PEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDEN'T-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOR VICF-PREBI DENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EI-KCTION NOVEMBER 3, 1898.
Never trust a fool with lire, business or
govern ment.
The lumbermen join the woolmen in
their opinions of free trade.
The more the people think about freo
trade the more they think of protection.
Ask the raisin-grower what he thinks of
free trade ana you will get wisdom in large
chunks.
Protection Democrats had better drop
the Jast word from the title this year and
take a better name.
Every speech of McKinley promises
prosperity, while Bryan threatens a panic
and financial disaster.
No Republican has a good reason for
bolting this year and no Democrat a good
reason for not bolting.
As there must be work before there are
wages, so there must be protection before
we begin to deal with the money question.
The Democratic bogyman has frightened
business a little, but as soon as the elec
tion is over the trade revival will be im
mense.
It is hard for the business Democrat to
stay with his party when the party refuses
to stay with any business proposition
whatever.
Let it not be forgotten by any voter
that the Republican party is pledged to
woman suffrage in California and must
make it win.
It is pleasant, of course, to know it is a
walk-over, but all the same it is a pity we
cannot hurry it up a little and get through
with the job.
Every one interested in the advance
ment of the industries of California will
be gratified Dy the privilege of voting for
Clans Spreckels as a Presidential elector.
Senator Burrows says the Chicago ticket
is like a bumble-bee, which makes the
roost noise when it is first hatched, and
there is a whole lot of comfort in the
thought.
By the time the Democrats get the mud
die between Sewall and Wat3on straight
ened out the Populists will have recovered
their sense and gone back to the middle
of the road.
When the thinking people of this coun
try get time to read the Chicago platform
in full and think it over at leisure the last
chance of Bryan will vanish from the face
of the earth.
The renomination of Mr. Loud assures
Mr. Kelly that his dirty linen will be
washed in the Fifth District by a tidal
wave, and he will find it waiting for him
up Salt River.
Even silver Democrats hesitate to accept
a platform that denounces the Supreme
Court or to support for the Presidency a
man of no business experience or politi
cal responsibility.
Let us restore prosperity to our indus
tries, put our idle capital into enterprise
and our idle men at work, and then it will
be easier to see exactly what the money
problem is and how best to settle it.
The only way to bring about interna
tional bimetallism is to put the Govern
ment of this country into the hands of
men who know how to govern and who
will have weight and influence in dealing
with European nations.
The personal factor can never be elim
inated from practical politics, and the con
trast between the splendid character of
McKinley and that of his opponent will
determine the way in which many a patri
otic voter will cast his ballot.
Those who vote for Bryan must vote for
the whole Chicago platform, including
free trade, the attack on the Supreme
Court and the denial of the right of the
Federal Government to protect Federal
property when threatened by riots.
The Galveston Xews bolts the Chicago
ticket and declares that to label it Democ
racy is as bad as putting a whisky label on
a bottle of benzine; and while the simile is
distinctively Texan, it is good enough in
its way to be appreciated even in this neck
of the wooda.
The main trouble with the country is
that the revenues are not equal to the ex
penses and consequently the Government
has to borrow gold to keep up its credit.
The establishment of a Republican tariff
will remedy that condition of affairs and
at the same time provide work and wages
for the people, so that the Democratic de
pression will be ended and the money
question made much easier of solution.
GROSSLY MISEEPEESENTED.
The Popocrats grossly misrepresent Jef
ferson and Jackson when they declare
that their declaration of principles are in
harmony with the utterances of those dis
tinguished statesmen. Nowhere in the
speeches, proclamations or messages of
Jefferson and Jackson will be found so
I much as an intimation of a principle of
! government that is in accord with what
i the Popocrats are demanding. Andrew
■ Jackson especially was outspoken in his
denunciation of schemes and plans to give
; the country unsouna money, and no doubt
! Jefferson would have been equally so had
! occasion required. Jackson always
thought of the workingman. He knew
the rich could get along until the tide
! changed, no matter how disturbed the
i business situation might be by a flood of
j cheap and fluctuating money, but the man
who worked for daily wages must have a
sound basis for his compensation. He
must have money that is as good on Sat
urday nifcht when he receives his wages
as it was on the preceding Monday morn
ing when he sold his services for the wee k.
Speaking of the effects of unsound and
uncertain money upon the working classes
| President Jackson said: "Engaged from
| day to day in their useful toils they do not
j perceive that although their wages are
! nominally the same or even somewhat
higber'they are greatly reduced in fact by
the rapid increase of a spurious currency
which, as it appears to make money
abound, they are at first inclined to con
sider a blessing. It is not so with the
speculator, by whom this operation is
better understood and is made to contrib
ute to his advantage. It is not until the
prices of the necessaries of life become so
dear that the laboring classes cannot sup
ply their want 3 out of their wages that
! wages rise and gradually reach a justly
I proportioned rate to that of the products
iof their laoor." Does any one suppose
that if Andrew Jackson were alive he
would be found supporting the nominees
of the Chicago convention? The Popocrats
are for a policy of money debasement.
They want quantity without reference to
quality, but Andrew Jackson taught no
i such economic fallacies. He was a sound
money man.
But the Popocrats cannot fool the wage
earners. In every industrial center wage
earners are organizing themselves into
working clubs to aid in electing a man to
the Presidency who represents and stands
| for good money and continuous employ
| ment at satisfying wages. The working
j men of this country know that the enter
prises which Rive them employment are
I intimately connected with the trade and
| commerce of other countries; that the
] business of the commercial world is inter-
I woven and inseparable, and that it must
i have a uniform measure of value as it
I must have a uniform measure of quantity.
Hence it is that pretty much ail wage
earners are for bimetallism on the lines
laid down by the Republican party, which
is international recognition of silver's
parity with gold. The workingmen of the
United States are not like the pauper labor
of China and Japan. They possess good com
mon sense, and therefore they agree with
Thomas Jefferson that "the proportion
j between the values of gold and silver is a
mercantile problem altogether," and that
nations proposing to use gold and silver in
I settling international trade balances murt
i first meet and solve the "mercantile prob-
I lem ."
MIDDLE -OP - THE - ROAD DEMO
CRATS.
That two Democratic tickets will be in
the field there does not seem to be any
reason to doubt. The middle-of-the-road
Democrats will hold a National nominat
ing convention early in September, with
delegates from every State and Territory,
and nominate a candidate for President
and Vice-President, in whom no Populis
tic or free-silver guile can bs found. This
is as it should be. It is of paramount im
portance that there always be two great
political parties in this country. Our sys
tem of government provides that it shall be
conducted by the people through a political
party, and were there not always a strong
party "out" watching the party that ie
"in," it would not be long before the lead
ers of the "ins" would dispense with the
form of holding elections.
The middle-of-the-road Democracy is
the natural opponent of the Republican
party. There is no difference between the
Democratic party proper and the Republi
can party in purpose. The betterment of
the condition of the people is what the
Democratic party strives for, and the Re
publican party strives for the same object,
but they are widely different in their
views as to how best the position of the
peopie, socially and commercially, may be
strengthened, and although experience
for a third of a century or more testifies
that the people prosper when Republican
economic principles prevail in the con
duct of the Government, and that applied
Democratic principles are hurtful to trade
and commerce, the need of the Democratic
party, as a factor in the Nation's political
life, is evident.
It is a self-evident fact that tha combine
between the Populists and the Bryan wing
of the Democratic party must win in No
vember or go to pieces, it could not sur
vive a defeat twenty-four hour 3, and were
it to win it would not survive one admin
istration. Its basic principles antagonize
the spirit and the purpose of the founders
of the Nation at every point, and it will not
listen to the voice of warning. It is not
surprising, therefore, that all true Demo
crats and all true Republicans are of one
mind that the election of Mr. Bryan would
be a National calamity, nor is it surprising
that true Democrats would want to
strengthen the hands of the Republican
party for this one time by nominating a
ticket that would take votes away from
Bryan. To be sure it would be better if
all anti-Bryan Democrats would come out
for McKinley, but the next best thing is to
have their own candidates.
WHAT SAN FRANCISCO NEEDS.
San Francisco is the natural and legiti
mate point for the accumulation and dis
tribution of a large percentage of the inter
national trade and traffic of China, Japan,
Australia and the islands of the Pacific,
but she will continue to.be the natural
j point without the business until the Gov
' eminent at Washington is persuaded to
I make it possible to keep enough first-class
I steamships in comrrissiorc between San
Francisco and the Orient and intermediate
points to accommodate commerce. The
j business men of Australia and Samoa have
I repeatedly given our merchants assur
| ances of a large volume of business if
they would acquire the necessary facilities
for transporting the articles of commerce.
It is admitted that we have the advantage
of Europe in location, but what does that
signify if we have no way of improving it?
Fourteen subsidized steamship lines
ply between Australasia and the trade
centers of Europe, but there is only one
J steamer a month plying between America
and that country. No doubt the 2 per
cent of the trade of Sydney which now
comes this way could be increased to 50
per cent if our Government would give a
bonus of one-quarter the amount that for
eign ships are getting. The trouble is, it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
is everybody's business to make San Fran
cisco a great export and import center,
and, generally speaking, what is every
body's business is nobody's business. But
we have commercial and labor organiza
tions possessing ereat influence, and were
they to take hold in earnest, no doubt the
powers that will be at Washington after
March 4, 1897, could be made to see the
importance of a merchant marine of am
ple tonnage sailing regularly between San
Francisco and every trade point on the
Pacific Ocean.
ARE YOU, ME. BRYAN?
For two years, that is to say since he
has been in the employ of the Silver Mine
Owners' Association, Mr. Bryan has in
sisted that the fall in prices and the stag
nation in business is due to the demon
etization of silver and the appreciation of
gold. But before Mr. Bryan hired himself
to the Silver Mine Owners' Association to
lecture on the beauty and stability of a
monetary system built upon an unlimited
issue of silver he was very sure it was the
inventive genius of American mechanics
that caused prices to fall. In a carefully
prepared speech on the tariff question Mr.
Bryan asserted very positively on the floor
of Congress that the fall in prices
was due "to the inventive genius
that has multiplied a thousand times in
many instances the strength of a single
arm and enabled us to do to-day with one
man what fifty men could not do fifty
years ago. That is what brought the
prices down in this country and every
where."
Whether Mr. Bryan's pay as lecturer
for the combine of silver mine owners and
npeculators was enough to justify such a
flop and flat contradiction we do not
know, but the presumption is that
it was. No doubt he sincerely be
lieved what he said when he told
Congress that the great fall in prices
was due to inventive genius, for all the
facts in the case confirm the statement;
but the same state of affairs prevailed
when he engaged to advocate the opening
of the mints to the unlimited coinage of
silver and proclaim that the demonetiza
tion and not inventive genius was the
cause of prices falling, so it is incumbent
upon Mr. Bryan to reconcile these contra
dictory statements before asking the people
to "trust me," as he puts it.
Mr. Bryan should inform the public con
cerning his contract with the Silver Mine
Owners' Association. If be Is still in its
employ and is making the race for the
Presidency in the interest of that combine
the people should know it.
At Jeast he should not protest if the
people believe it to be true in the absence
of any denial on his part. He is just as
enthusiastic now for free silver without
safeguards as he was when he first entered
the employ of the miners' combine, al
though the fact still remains that the fall
of prices is attributable to inventive
genius. Mr. Bryan owes it to the people
to take them into his confidence and tell
them frankly why ho now says that the
fall of prices is the result of the "crime of
1873," when he did not discover that it was
a crime until 1894.
And while Mr. Bryan is explaining the
business connectiou he has with the mine
owers' association he might explain how
it happened that his employers made no
complaint because of the demonetization
of silver until several years afterward —
until the price of silver bullion went be
low par. These are little matters, but as
Mr. Bryan proposes to conduct an "edu
cational campaign" answers to these ques
tions would be well calculated to enlighten
the public on the silver question. As late
as 1893, and only the year before he hired
himself to the Silver Miners' Association
to advocate the free and unlimited coin
age of silver — mark you, unlimited coin
age — he declared on the floor of Congress
that "if the number of dollars increases
more rapidly than the need of dollars —as
it did after the gold discoveries of 1849—
the exchangeable value of each dollar will
fall and prices rise." Evidently there is a
wide difference between Mr. Bryan as the
paid agent of silver mine owners and
Bryan as a teacher of economics. But is
Mr. Bryan still in the employ of the mine
owners' association? That is wnat the
people want to know.
LUMBER UNDER FREE TRADE.
It is shown in yesterday's Call, in the
first of a series of articles, that the Demo
cratic policy of free trade has done great
injury to the lumbering interests of the
country; that the lumbering interests are
the most extensive of any industries in
America, and that the shrewdest opera
tors are embarrassed under Canadian com
petition.
Free trade in lumber was another one of
the hobbies of William Jennings Bryan,
by which he sought to convince the coun
try by speeches in Congress that free trade
would be a panacea for industrial and
commercial ills. Any one who will read
The Call's account of the practical down
fall of lumbering interests under free trade
will conclude that Bryan knew as little
about what could help the lumber men as
he did about what would benefit the
sheep-growers. That is, he knew nothing
about either business.
Without protection the American mar
ket is open to the competition of lumber
from British Columbia, where crown lands
are practically free, where lumber men
have no investments of consequence and
where it is common to hire Chinese and
Japanese labor at so low a price as sixty
cents a day, the workman boarding him
self. Against the competition of goods
made under these circumstances the
American producer is powerless unless he
reduces the wages of his workingmen to
even a lower standard tban that obtaining
in Canada.
The thoughtful student of the times
will reflect as he reads the story of the
ruin wrought by free trade — a blight
wherever it touches. Yet such is the pol
icy of the Democrats, and particularly the
policy advocated by William Jennings
Bryan of Nebraska.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Pomona Beacon will next week issue a
5000-edition pictorial number, in magazine
lorm and containing between forty and fifty
pages of descriptive matter and engravings.
Those Southern California people understand
the value of newspaper advertising, and they
have learned how to stand in with each other
for their mutual Interests in the support of
the medium through which the world has
largely become acquainted with the advan
tages of their part of the State.
Austin Wiley, a veteran journalist, who in
early days was an owner of the San Francisco
Call, now directs the course of the Arcata
Union, which has just commenced its eleventh
year. The Union is in favor of a 100-cent dol
lar, and is putting in some telling work for
McKinley and Hobart.
The Santa Cruz Penny Press has been dis
continued for the present as a daily paper, but
the editor, Phil Francis, promises to be on
aeck during the campaign with a live weekly.
The Penny Press was an able, fearless paper,
and was apparently prospering, but decided
differences among the owners made discon
tinuance the preferable road to settlement.
The San Diego Videttt has assumed metro
politan aira and now appears as an illustrated
dally.
J. W. Ferguson, the founder ol the Fresno
Expotitor, has so far recovered health and
strength as to warrant him in once again put
ting on the editorial harness. He will now
control the Fresno Watchman, a paper which
has been heretofore edited by Senator G. G.
Goucher.
F. H. Owen, formerly of the Haltmoon Bay
Advocate, has purchased the Winters Express
from H. C. Rust, and may be counted on to do
good work for that locality.
The Fresno Populist has been Bryanized. It
hag buried its identity, politically and other
wise, in the Fresno Expositor, and W.M. Gill,
who formerly catered to the "middle-of-the
road" peopie through the columns of the
Populut, will now try his hand at framing
apologies for the new Democracy and the "boy
orator of the Piatte."
The clergy seem to be taking advantage, in
many quarters, of the fact that the editorial
pulpit commands the best audiences at all
times and everywhere. Down at Porterville
Rev. J.G. Eckles has started the Weekly Review,
and will work with the object of bringing into
the true political fold such of the brethren as
have been misled by free-trade error. Repub
licanism is the religion of the Review. Vp at
Winters Rev. B. J. Waugh, formerly of Suisun
Valley, has commenced the publication of the
Independent.
The Downey Champion is eight years old, and
its prosperity is only a just requitement for
the services it has rendered the people of
Downey in making their town favorably
known near and far.
The Loa Banos Enterprise informs its readers
that a hotel containing 100 rooms will shortly
be built at Mercy Hot Springs. The new hotel
company evidently wants things pretty much
its own way, judging from this "warning note"
of the Enterprise: "A proposition that our
hotel men should understand and study on
for their own good is this: Los Banos will be
headquarters for patients from all over the
State, who visit the springs, and such people
are generally good customers and very desira
ble at hotels. The company will run a daily
stage each wav from here to the springs for
the accommodation of the patients. If they
put their rates down as reasonable as possible
on all such customers and not try to charge
'all the traffic will bear,' the company will be
satisfied and let them have the trade; but if,
on the other hand, they do not do this, the
company will probably erect a hotel of their
own here and eccommodate all their cus
tomers."
Milton McWhorter, the pioneer of Fresno
County's oil-fields, has informed the Expositor
that the country around Coalinga is still being
prospected. People are finding new wells and
filing claims every day. The area of territory
so prospectea is quite considerable. The re
ported discovery of oil in the vicinity of
Panoche is verified by Mr. McWhorter. The
Panoche wells are in San Benito County, j
although there are also indications of oil east
of the divide. Mr. McWhorter says he was the
first man on the ground when the Panoche
wells were discovered. He reports that very
few new buildings are being put up at Oil City, I
Coalinga's new rival. It is still a mere camp.
The flow of oil from the wells has been ex
aggerated. Mr. McWhorter sets down thirty to
forty barrels as the utmost yield of any well
likely to be discovered in the belt, but con
siders the supply permanent.
Tuolumne and Calaveras counties will soon
be supplied with new motor energy. A com
munication from Murphys to the Tuolumne
Independent states that "a project is now under
way for the erection of a power plant on the
middle fork of the Stanislaus River, about
eight miles from that place, to supply power to
the mines along the mother lode, in Tuolumne
and Calaveras counties. The owners of the
water-right, Messrs. Linn and Batten of Mur
phys, have had a survey made, and with a
ditch and flume 13% miles long can obtain a
head of 1280 feet, which would be equal to
three horsepower per miner's inch; and the
river will supply 5800 inches of water in the
driest season o { the year, which would mean
17,400 horsepower. By the addition of a reser
voir this could be increased to 20,000 horse
power, and by stepping the voltage up to
20,000 or 30,000 volts any surplus of power
coula be transmitted to Stockton.
"That the projectors mean business can
readily be seen, as they have a complete map
of mines in both counties, showing position of
power plant, have men working on their ditch,
have taken steps to secure a franchise from
Tuolumne County to run power wires aiong
tho public roads where necessary, and have al
ready obtained one from Calaveras County."
The citizens of Modesto are making a strong
pull for the Yosemite Railroad. The company
is suid to be desirous of building from that
city, but to do so would make their road twelve
miles longer than originally contemplated.
The Modesto Herald, in discussing the matter,
speaks as follows: "If the conditions Imposed
are complied with (subscription for $100,000
of bonds, land for buildings and right of way
through the city), the company will not only
make Modesto the terminal, but establish the
machine shop and roundhouse here and make
ihis city the headquarters of Its employes.
The road would cross the Valley road and
thus place us in direct communication with
that line.
"Judge Hewell, representing the Town Trus
tees, has quite thoroughly considered the
proposition, studied the engineer's report and
Is satisfied that the road will pay and that it
will make much business for us— not for a
year, but for all time— and give the town in
valuable advertising. He favors a united
effort to secure these advantages, and as he
is a hard-headed business man his counsel
will carry great weight.
•'lf we meet the terms the company will
place engineers in the field within tea days
thereafter and will complete the road to Ben
ton Mills, forty miles from Modesto and oppo
site Coulterville (seven miles distant), within
three months."
According to the Stockton Record, a new
boat, and a fast boat at that, is a certainty on
the San Joaquin. The designers and builders
who have been at work for the California Nav
igation and Improvement Company for the
past three months think they have planned a
craft that in nigh or low water will make rail
road time from here to San Francisco.
Had the San Joaquin River been improved
by the Government as it was expected It would
be, and ns it certainly should be, there would
have been little or no trouble in designing a
boat that would make the time desired, but in
view of the fact that the present generation
of tots In pinafores will be grandfathers and
grandmothers before the Government aids in
land navigation in California, the old line
company has concluded to build a boat for
passenger traffic based upon low - water
draught.
The boat will carry some freight, of course,
but it will be designed for passenger travel
without taking anything else into considera
tion. In all probability the new boat wilt be
of the twin propeller pattern. It will have a
magnificent cabin, a few elegant staterooms, a
bar. restaurant and every convenience that the
modern up-to-date passenger steamer of the
Eastern rivers can boast of.
The idea of the new boat fe to compete with
the Southern Pacific in getting the Valley road
passengers to the bay, at the same time com
fort and convenience will be added to the riae
The old line officials have nothing to say about
the new boat just now, but do not deny that
satisfactory plans have been submitted. To
tell the truth, the old line is about as busy as
it can be with their old boats in the steamboat
war just started. They are carrying all the
freight and passengers the boats will float, but
they will undoubtedly have the fast boat ready
by the time the Valley road has its passenger
trains running.
There is a dearth of dwelling-houses in Sum
merland at present, the town being unable to
furnish shelter to would-be settlers seeking
homes there. The Summerland Advance de
clares that "more houses will have to be built,
and at once. All that is necessary is for some
body who knows a good thing when he sees it
to make a start and the houses will be rtnted
before the foundations are laid."
"Summerland," remarks the same paper,
"lost its opportunity to become a fashionable
and aristocratic resort for retired millionaires
and one-lungers with a hectic flush when it
opened its first oil well, but it will console it
self by doing the next best thing and become
an oil depot and manufacturing town, where
it will be possible for the man with no other
capital thun his hands and his craftsman's
skill and a guarantee of good faith in ths shape
of wife and babies to get a chance to earn a
livelihood."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
In the whole history of the New York Law
School previous to this year but five women
had received the degree of LL.B. With the
class of '96. however, six out of the 106 gradu
ates were women, and one of them was a grad
uate of Mills College in this State.
Her name is Mrs. Fanny Hallock Carpenter,
the wife of a prominent young lawyer of New
York. She received high scholastic honors and
Mrs. Fanny Hallock Carpenter, LL.B.
was a general favorite in her class, of which
she was vice-president. Mrs. Carpenter is a
Daughter of the Revolution, and is a direct
descendant of John Alden and Priscilla. She
is the second graduate of Mills College to re
ceive the degree of bachelor of laws. Mr. and
Mrs. Carpenter have just sailed for Havre, and
will spend two months cycling in France. On
their return Mrs. Carpenter will commence
the practice of her profession.
"There is a law in Mexico called 'la ley
fuga,' " said Peter Negro, an old mining man
from Minas Prietas, Mexico, as he sat by a
window in the Baldwin Hotel and watched the
cars and the people come and go ou Powell
street. "It is the runaway law for the execu
tion of murderers. The man is escorted out
into the hills and then he is set free. But all
about secreted In convenient places are armed
men who shoot him down before he can
escape. They do not hang murderers in Mex
ico. Then they dig a hole and bury the man
right where he fell. The whole country is re
markably lawauiding now and this practice
has not been resorted to very lately. There is
little crime, and robbery, except petty thefts,
is almost unknown in my part of the coun
try. Minas Prietas is seventy-five miies from
the port of Guaymas on the Gulf of Cali
fornia, and is fifteen miles from Torres, a
station on the railroad to Guaymas. Every
month I make long trips on horseback, often
with large sums of money, to pay the men
"The money is all in Mexican pesos and I
carry it in saddle-bag% I ride alone thirty or
forty miles through a mountainous country
without any fear of being molested. That is
what I mean by saying there is little crime. It
is known, too, that I carry money. The Presi
dent of Mexico has succeeded somehow in se
curing a condition of peace that cannot be
found anywhere in this country.
"Yes, the Yaqui Indians fight, but I do not
mean them. About three months ago Colonel
F. Privado met the Yaquis at Round Mountain
and there was a regular hand-to-hand fight.
The troops were traveling around the moun
tain one way and the Yaquis happened to be
coming around the other way. Twelve Yaquis
were killed and about twenty were wounded,
not including those that may have been packed
awßy by their companions. There are still
about seventy Yaquis up In the mountains,
about forty-five miles south of Minas Prietas.
You see the Yaquis used to control the land
along the Yaqui River, a very fertile valley,
and for fifteen years now they have been
breaking out and fighting to get it bacit. WelL
there are just those seventy left.
"Minas Prietas is a settlement of 5500 peo
ple and embraces several mining camps. Eight
months In the year we have the finest climate
in the world; for the other four months it is a
regular holl. The temperature then is 114
and 115 degrees. This year I felt it more than
ever before.
"I would like to see silver go up, but I think
there is too much of it for that. It cannot
rise in value. Mexico is full of silver and
there are more mines than are now known.
Yes, there is money in silver mining. When
you get fifty or sixty ounces of silver and some
gold along with it it pays. I know a man over
on the Yaqni River who is taking out $10,000
to $12,000 a month in silver and gold; per
haps $2000 of it is gold.
"Everything is taken up around Mlnas
i Prietas for miles and a good deal of it is no
J good. The Minas Prletas and the Criston are
j the two big mines. The output of all these
j mines is 300 tons a day right along. All the
mechanics, engineers and foremen are Ameri
cans, although the Minas Prietas is owned by
an English syndicate. The Criston has a shaft
1000 feet deep and is running two mills— one
a forty-stamp and the other a thirty-stamp. It
is owned by a Cleveland (Ohio) company."
PERSONAL.
J. E. Stubbs of Reno, Nov., is at the Palace.
R. D. Stephens of Sacramento is registered at
the Palace.
W. R. Mitchell, a rancher of Tnlare, la at the
Cosmopolitan.
L. F. Moulton, a farmer of Colusa, la one of
the Grand's guests.
N. E . de Yoe of Modesto is among the latest
arrivals at the Lick.
W. A. Gett, the attorney, of Sacramento, is
registered at the Lick.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminettl of Jackson is
recent arrival at the Lick.
T. B. Richey, a cattleman of Carson, Nev., is
at the Palace with his wite.
F. 11. McCullogh, a fruit man of Loa Gatos, is
a late arrival at the Palace.
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttlt of Stock
ton is at the Lick with his wife.
F. A. Whipple, a lumberman of Fort Bragg,
is making a short visit at the Grand.
Robert J. Devlin of Sacramento, the State
Prison Director, nas a room at the Grand.
George M. Hughes, a contractor and builder
of Nevada City, is at the Lick with his wife.
Ex-Judge J. D. Goodwin, a mining man of
Plumas county, is registered at the Occidental.
John Donohue of the big Chicago publishing
company is registered at the Palace with his
wife.
G. M. Holton of Los Angeles, Chief Deputy
District Attorney, is among the guests at the
Grand.
Dr. W. M. S. Beatte of Stockton, who has re
cently returned from Honolulu, is visiting at
the Baldwin.
J. M. Kane and C. E. Heathcote, who are
connected with Forepaugh & Sells' circus, are
at the Cosmopolitan.
John F. Finn and wife returned to the Palace
last night from the northern part of the State,
where they have been for an outing.
Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst returned to the Palace
yesterday from her ranch near Pleasanton,
where she has been for nearly two weeks.
M. M. Harris of Wadsworth, Nev., arrived
at the Russ last night to be present at the
Indian teachers' convention that opens here
to-day.
John Mulr, the geologist after whom the
Mulr Glacier in Alaska was named, is at the
California registered from Martinez, near
where he has a fruit farm.
George E. Thermond of Carpenteria, now
and for years Superintendent of Schools of
Santa Barbara County, arrived at the lick last
night. Though a Democrat in a Republican
county he has held his position continuously
against all other aspirants.
Ralph Hoyt, the single-tax advocate and
veteran journa'is-, at the Baldwin. He
s*ys that after to-night's single-tax meeting at
Metropolitan Temple preparations will be
male by the speakers to address the people of
San Rafael on Thursday evening.
Alfred T. Hartwell, who is engaged in the
manufacture of supplies in Boston, Mass., ar
! rivet at tne Occidental last night in the
j course of a pleasure trip that may include a
! visit to Honolulu with his uncle, who came up
I from the islands to meet him here.
Charles W. Kilbourn of New Brunswick, N.
J., vice-president of the Kilbourn Knitting
machine Company and treasurer of the Mid
dlesex Knitting Company, arrived at the
Palace yesterday with his wife on a pleasure
trip. He is for protection, McKinley and the
St. Louis platform.
"WOMEN DO NOT WANT TO VOTE "
It is often said thai the majority of women
do not want to vote, but who can say or know
the number who ao want to vole? Tens of
thousands have openly expressed their wish in
the aflirmative; still more thousands acknowl
edge that they believe the demand to be just,
and that they cherish in secret a desire to have
a voice in the election of officials to govern
them, but fear to come out openly because
some male relative upon whom they are de
pendent is "bitterly" opposed— this male rela
tive being often a very decent sort of a man.
It may be said that these women ought to be
braver. Are they, however, less lacking in the
"courage of their convictions" than men who
acknowledge their belief in woman suffrage,
but fear to let it be known on account of sup
posed injury to business or political interests ?
It requires unusual moral courage, as well »s
disinterestedness in a woman, to express
opinions favorable to woman's enfranchise
ment, until at least there is a fair prospect of
obtaining it. The comfort of her individual
life and her social consideration usually de
pend upon the good-will of those who hold the
undue power. Women will never express a
"general desire" for suffrage until the men ot
their little worlds have ceased to ridicule and
despise them for it. Senator H. W. Blair of
New Hampshire expresses himself very fully
on this point:
There are many reasons why some women
declare themselves opposed to the extension
of suffrage to their sex. Some well-fed and
pampered, without serious experiences in life,
ore incapable of comprehending the subject at
all. Vast numbers, who secretly and earnestly
desire it, from the long habit of deference to
the wishes of the other sex, upon whom they
are so entirely dependent while disfranchised,
and knowing the hostility of their "protec
tors" to the agitation of the subject conceal
their real sentiments and the "lord" of the
family referring this question to his wife, who
has heard him sneer or worse than sneer at
suffrKists for half a lifetime, ought not to ex
pect an answer which she knows will subject
her to his censure and ridicule or even his un
expressed disapprobation.
George William Curtis, the editor for so
many years of the "Easy Chair" in Harper's
Monthly, touched upon the same point in his
genial, witty way in one of the last issues be
fore his death. He gives a supposititious con
versation between an elderly wit and a comely
young woman in a crowded omnibus the wit
having asked his son, sitting in his lap, why
he did not get up and give the lady his seat.
If the comely maid had suddenly and
sweetly asked the elderly wit whether he was
a true American, and believed that taxation
and representation should go together, he
would nave promptly replied, "Yes.Nna'em."
But if she had then whipped out her logical
rapier and thrust at him the question, "Are
you, then, in favor of giviug me a vote?" his
cleverness and his courtesy would have
blended in his reply, ''Madam, when women
demand it they will have it." It is the uui
versai reply of the ingenious patriot, who is
aware that the argument is against him, but
who is still unconvinced.
Mr. Curtis then makes the comely maid bring
forward in rapid succession the queries: "Has
It been the general custom of Legislatures to
wait until everybody interested in a reform
asked for it before granting it?" "Whether
imprisonment for debt was abolished because
poor debtors as a body requested it, or because
it was deemed best in the general interest that
it should be abolished"; "Whether hanging
for stealing a leg of mutton was renounced be
cause the hapless thieves demanded it, or be
cause Romilly showed that humanity and the
welfare of society and of respect for law re
quired it" ; "Whether the slave trade was
stopped and the West Indian slaves emanci
pated by England because the slaves peti
tioned, or because Parliament thought such
reforms desirable for the interests of Eng
land."
But, even if a large number of women do not
desire any change in the constitution, that
would be a very bad reason for withholding
the elective franchise from those who desire
it. Senator Blair says:
If the right (of suffrage) exist at all it is an
individual right, and not one which belongs to
a class or to the sex as such. Yet men tell us
that they will vote the suffrage to womeu
whenever \he majority of women desire it.
Are, then, our rights the property of the ma
jority of the disfranchised class to which we
may chance to belong? What would be said if
it were seriously proposed to recall the suffrage
from ail colored or from all white men because
a majority of either class should decline or for
any cause fail to note? I know that it is said
that the suffrage is a privilege to be extended
by those who have it to those who have it not.
But the matter of right, of moral right, to the
franchise does not depend upon the indiffer
ence of those who possess it or of those who do
not possess it to the desire of those women
who wish to enjoy their right , and to discbarge
their duty. If one or many choose not to
claim their right, it is no argument for depriv
ing me of mine or one woman of hers.
From all points of view, the argument that
women -Jo not want to vote proves to be no ar
gument at all, because if the right to vote is
gained they can exercise it or not, as they
choose. It is not a compulsory exercise of
power on their part. It is not proposed to
"force suffrage" upon any one, but only to
give every qualified woman the option or not
as she pleases, just as a qualified man has the
option. And which is the more creditable to
womanhood, the attitude of the suffragists
who say, "Let each woman do as she chooses,"
or that of the remonstrants, "Make all women
do as we choose"?
It seems fitting to close with another quota
tion from the "Easy Chair":
"The fabled stream that sank from sight and
emerged far away, still flowing, is an image of
the course of all progress. The argument which
establishes the reason ana the benefit of reform
does not, therefore, at once establish it, still
less complete it There are obstructions, de.
lays, disappearances; but still the stream
flows, seen or unseen, still it swells, and reap
pearing far from where it vanished, moves
brimming to the sea." Elizabeth Sargent.
McKINLEY AS A SPEAKER.
New York Mail and Express.
It is a noteworthy fact that every speech de
livered by William McKinley in this campaign
only serves to more clearly demonstrate the
strength of his candidacy and his complete
mastery of the great issues now agitating the
Nation. It is also evident that the recent
speeches of this champion of protection and
sound money have had the effect of cooling off
the fiery eagerness of Bryan for a joint discus
sion. The Free Silver-Populistic candidate is
beginning to appreciate the fact that his top
loftical style of harangue and extravagant
rhetorical figures would suffer sadly in com
parison with McKinley's logical statement of
tacts in the plain language of the people.
Major McKinley's speech to the delegates ol
the National Convention of Window-glass
Workers wm characteristically strong in argu
ment, perspicuous in style and stirring in
appeal. His audience was a typical boay of
intelligent American workingmen, represent
ing eleven States of the Union, and connected
with one of the great industries of the country
Their spokesman, in addressing the people's
candidate, said, "We want the protective prin
ciple restored. We are satisfied with the
quality of our dollars, and have no fear as to
the volume of our money if the tariff is regu
lated and levied on such principles as best to
protect American industries, and to secure
sufficient funds to meet the ordinary expenses
of government." This simple and siraightior
ward expression of the people's wants and
needs furnished the text tor the Major's cogent
and inspiring response.
The ever-alert and always-ready champion of
the cause of the people outlined the entire
situation and stirred the hearts of his hearers
by a few clear-cut and ringiug words. He
compressed a volume within a single sen
tence by declaring that "the credit of the Gov
ernment, like that of the individual citizen, is
best subserved by living within its means,
and providing means with which to live."
He summarized the Republican programme as
follows: "To put upon the statute books of the
country a law under which the Government
will collect enough money to meet its expendi
tures, stop debts and deficiencies and ade
quately protect American labor. This will re
store confidence and revive business pros
perity."
He declared for an unequivocal maintenance
of sound money and eloquently called on all
"patriotic and conscientious citizens to make
common cause in resisting the propose^ de
basement of our currency, the degradation of
our country's honor, and in upholding the
continued supremacy of law and order— tha
strongest pillar of free government."
Such eloquent ana patriotic appeals to the
conscience, honor and self-respect of tha
people cannot fail of their desired effect. Wil.
liam McKinley * peaks from his heart and con
sequently reaches the hearts of his hearers.
He speaks in the language of Llneolu, ami,
like Lincoln, he will prevail with the great
body of the American people, who have never
gone wrong and never will go wrong on any
supreme issue involving the safety and honor
of the Nation.
MR. BRYAN AND HIS METAPHOR
New York Sun,
One thing is tolerably certain: Bryan will
not bring nis crown of thorns to New York.
Congressman McCall of Massachusetts might .
happen to be in the audience. It would be
awkward for a candidate tor President to be
caught with a stolen metaphor about his per
son.
DIMPLES AND WRINKLES.
The deepest of dimples to wrinkles have run
Since Mary was twenty and I twenty-one;
But dimpled or wrinkled, my sweetheart's th«
From the sunburst of life to its last little flame.
The checks that were roses areshrunken and pale,
But their velvety purity never will fail;
And lips that were flushed with the red blood of
youth
Are warm with a love as undying as truth.
The bine of her eves is fading to gray.
And the gold of her hair Is silver to-aay;
Bui the soul is the same thai was orbed In the
blue,
And silvern is golden when love lights the view.
And, dimpled or wrinkled, a blush will confess
The happiness born of a lover's caress—
For the heart of a woman is tender as true
Aud the passion it cherishes ever is new.
Wittt Mary at twenty and me twenty-one,
lhan dimples naught sweeter was under the sun;
With Mary at sixty and me sixty-one.
Why, dimples were made so that wrinkles might
ruu.
Clabknck Ousi.ky In Texas Sittings.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I suppose," said Willie, as he saw a fricas
seed chicken for the first time, "that if a hen
lays an egg, a fricasseed chicken would lay a
scrambled egg."— Harper's Bazar.
Lafayette Parke— So Measurer lost his situa
tion in that dry goods store?
Ellicott Squeers— Yes, he was too brusque.
They looked on him as a counter-irritant.
Buffalo Times.
"You do not join us in any of our little par.
ties, Mrs. Schermerhorn. Are you husbanding
your time here?"
"No, but I am husbanding my three daugh
ters."—Town Topics.
Mamma— l think the baby is growing very
fast, don't you
Papa— Decidedly. I thought he weighed
three pounds more at 4 o'clock this morning
than he did at 2.— New York Truth.
Doctor— dear madam, I can .do nothing
whatever for you.
Lady— Gracious! What is the matter with
me?
Doctor— London Tit-Bits.
The sweetest peach • :
The highest grows;
The sharpest thorn
. Lurks near the lose.
But no man any
- Pleasure reaches
Who shuns the rose
Or scorns the peaches.
* ' —Atlanta Constitution.
CHILD'S NIGHT DRAWERS.
For midseason wear, where flannel is dis
carded, outing flannel is nsed by many for
this sensible garment. Heavy cotton or drill
are the most sensible of the white goods, but
for little tots of two years lighter muslin is
used. :
Canton flannel is much liked, and a good
quality wears indefinitely, but many mothers
clothe children in flannel' night robes the year
round.
If mothers would insure themselves against
sewing buttons on continually, they should
use the bone buttons provided with two slits,
that are put on by means of a stout tape.
School Book? Exchanged. King's, 15 4th st. •
■_■ — : •> — ♦ • , ■
Townsend's famous broken candy, 3 lbs. 25c"
. .— '— — - — ♦ > .
Typewriter agency moved. Smith Pre
mier Typewriter Agents, L. &'■ M. Alexander,
moved to 110 Montgomery street. •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
He— l never look at you without thinking of
a menagerie.
She— „
"Your dear face and tapir fingers, you know.
Cincinnati Enquirer. , '
Cheap Kicunlon to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route tc at/
tend the National Encampment of the O. A. B. a&
SU Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. Tha
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. v. Kates 867 90 for tha
round trip. The above rate is open to all who «M
to make the trip East. Send your name aad ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, Ban Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*
• — • — • —
Are You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Ballroad-santa «"*
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence if
alkali dust. Particularly adapted .'or the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourlsl sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland t»
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tlclc
et office, 644 Market Etree:, Chronicle bulldio*
Telephone, Jlain 1631.
•— • — »
"Mrs. Window* Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothan
for their children while Teeth! with perfect sa>
cess. ■ It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay »
Pain,' cures Wind Colic, regulates I the Bowels sal
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sala by ... Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and aje
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. We » DOtU*
— • — * — •
Coboka do.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry. oft
: and mild,':: being ; entirely free from the mtsti com
mon further north. Hound-trip ; ticket* by sc»*in
ship, Including fifteen i days', board at ens Hotel i»i
Coronado. »bO: longer stay f2 50 per<W. *»iht
4. 2>.*w Montgomery sU. SanKraicUoa .
■ ,^ •; , i ~ . — « ; — v; -■
,- ; Ayer's .• Cherry. Pectoral ' gives ■ prompt , relief.
That's \ why ;it excels all other ' preparation! for
colds and coughs.MONDAY AUGUST 3, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Ba&wwt* Tbutkb. — "The Benefit of the
Doubt."
f/uiFcmxiA TH*ATKR.-"Mavourneen."
C<ii.r>iniA Theatek-" A Gold Mine."
Wobosco's* l jilka-Jiousf— -The Danites."
Tn-oi.i CrFRA-HorsK.— "Pagliaccl."
CBPHKrv- High-Class Vaudeville.
f-rTRo Rathn— Bathing and performances.
bHoox thk. Chttks— Daily at Uaight street,
ci.c block east ot the Purit.
AUCTION SALES.
By Gko. F. Lamson— This day, August 3, Furni-
ture, at 410 Thirteenth street, at '£ o'clock.
By H. J. LEtTTHOLTZ— This day, August 3, Fur-
niture, at 46 Grove St., at 11 o'clock.
By L. H. Bt-rd— This day, August 3, Furniture,
't<-., at 211 Larkin street, at 11 o'clock.
By Jcskph T. Terby— To-morrow (Tuesday),
Personal Property, at I*lB Leavenworth st, at 11
o'clock.
By E. S. Hpkar & Co.— To-morrow (Tusday)
Barber's Supply Store, at 31-33 Sutter street, at
11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Monday except fog in the morning-
Forecast Official Hammen
Lelia Adair met with an accident yesterday
and aid not go up in a balloon.
Two lady picnickers at El Campo were res
cued from drowning yesterday.
The Ocean View Coursing Park will reopen
next Sunday under new management.
Trombone was high man in the Reliance
Gun Club's monthly medal >hoot yesterday.
There were several close and exciting
finishes in the three handballcourts yesterday.
The "cotton craze" is the latest fad to en
gross the attention of the curious in this City.
Colonel T. P. Robinson has retired from the
management of the Sutro baths amusement
lentil re.
Surgeon-General Sternberg, U. S. A., has
recommended additions to the hospital at the
Presidio.
The Park Commissioners say that the cur
tailed appropriation will delay improvements
in '.he park.
The two interclub cricket matches played
yesterday resulted in favor of the Pacific and
Bohemian clubs.
In the California Sohuetzen Club's team
match for t;ie dinner at Schuetzen Park yes
terday J. C. Waller's men won.
An immense crowd attended the sixth an
nual picnic of the Rebel CorK Benevolent As
sociation yesterday at Shell Mound Park.
Rev. Frank K. Baker, pastor of Epworth
Methodist Churcn, last night began a series oi
sermons illustrated by large oil paintings.
The Retail Grocers' Association will hold its
regular quarterly meeting next Wednesday
night at Pythian Castle, 909 Market street
The new Howard Presbyterian Church on
Oak street, near Baker, was formally and ap
propriately dedicated yesterday afternoon.
Rev. Ray Palmer addressed the Good Citi
zenship meeting yesterday afternoon on
"Roger Williams Opened the Gates of Liberty."
The members of the Reali Carabinieri M. B.
Society, with their many friends, spent a most
enjoyable day at Germauia Gardens yesterday.
Rev. Father Caraher of St. Francis Church
delivered a sermon last nisht on the origin of
tne Portiuncula indulgence and its nature.
The Theosophical Society, which formerly
occupied rooms in Red Men's Hall, has now
moved to commodious quarters in Golden Gate
Hali.
The Fir-t Infantry companies now stationed
at Angel Island and Benicia will march to
Santa (.ruz this month and camp at Garfield
Park.
The Socialist Labor party held its municipal
convention yesterday at 115 Turk street and
nominated Congressional and municipal can
didates.
A special meeting of the Board of Health
was held last uicht to urge the Supervisors to
flllow .t - 2j,000 additional for the Health De
partment.
Frank Kenigoani, a cook, was arrested yes
terday afternoon for threatening to shoot the
conductor of a Geary-street car because he de
inauded his fare.
The San Francisco ball team defeated the
Imperials by a score of 8 to 7 at the Folsom-
Mri/et grounds yesterday. It took ten innings
to decide tile >jame.
The Labor Exchange is an organization whose
objects are to lighten the hardships of the
laboring man and to do away with the present
system of curreucy.
At the Lincoln Gun Club's tournament yes
terday there were several interesting events,
and many valuable cash and merchandise
prizes were given to the winners.
A sme.ll boat was capsized on the bay yester
day and the five occupants were nearly
drowned. They clung to their overturned
craft till rescued by the ferry steamer Ukiah.
John Campbell, a bunko-steerer, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday on a charge of
grand larceny, his victim being Thomas Love,
a visitor irom the country, to the extent of
$80.
At the meeting of the Theosophical Society
last night in Golden Gate Hall financial aid
was secured for the great theosophical crusade
and the objects of that movement were ex
plained.
Dr. A. P. McCarthy, dentist. 1104 Market
street, and his collector were thrown out of a
buggy yesterday afternoon on Market street,
the oorse having boiled, and both were
Eiightly injured.
E. W. Decker of the Acme Club Wheelmen of
Oakland rode five miles on the road yesterday
in 10:23. considerably under tne world's rec
ord, but as not enough timers were present
the record cannot stand.
Bookmaker George Rose has purchased the
ytck oi Runcho del Paso's racing stock and
will have one of the most formidable stables
in California the coming winter. Henry
Byrnes will train the horses.
]n a few weeks, probably not later than Sep
tember 10, the congregation of St. Paul's
church, on California street, near Steiner, will
b<? ushered into a new building — one of rare
architectural design and beauty.
John A. Ross, a customs inspector, under
the influence ol liquor, creaiea a violeDt dis
turbance on the water front yesterday. He
was locked up charged with drunkenness,
disturbing the peace and using vulgar lan
guage.
The death of H. L. Fabry last Friday evening
is now believed to have been accidental and
without any element of mystery. Dr. R. A.
Buchanan oi 523 Laguna street worked over
his patient for twelve hours, but could not
save him.
A second article on the lumber industry of
the United States shows that Bryanism as ex
pressed in the Wilson bill, idol oi Democrats
and free traders, has prostrated the lumber
business in America and caused a fall ia the
wages of the workingmen.
The term of the Dublic schools of Ban Fran
cisco for the ensuing year begins to-day. The
teachers bave returned reluctantly in many
cases to their duty, the parents are glad and
the duil and lazy pupils are resigned to their
fate. Several notable changes have been made
in the Ciaasifieation of the schools and teach
ers.
The cocking main expected to be held yes
terday on a barge in the waters of the Sacra
mento River, between game cooks from San
Leandro and this City, was interrupted by
Secretary Hoibrook of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, who arrebted a
core of sporu who were about to embark from
the Arctic Oil Works wharf.
NEW TO-DAY.
WILD
With Eczema
I was a unfiferer for eight years from Eczema, but
DOW am entirely cured. The palms of my hands
were covered and badly inflamed ; little white
blisters appeared, then would peel off, leaving
a red, smooth surface, which would burn like
fire and itch. On the inside of the upper part of
my limbs, great red blotches would appear, and
as soon as I became warm, the burning and itch-
ing woold begin^ Night after night I would lie
awake and scratch, and almost go wild. I got a
box of Cdticura, and a bottle of Ccticttra Re-
solvent, and after a few applications I noticed
the redness nnd inflammation disappear ; before 1
had wed one box there was not a tignof Ecttma
■ left. I can truthfully assert that $2.00 worth of
Cuticcua Remedies cured me. _ \_ :
JOHN D. PORTE, Plttaburg, Pa.
Spibpt Com Treatment. — Warm bath« with Cxi-
tic"a Boar, eciitle application* ol Cuticitka (oint-
ment). »nd mild do»ei of(si;TlCC«AßiSOi.T«irT,Bre»tcit
of humor cure*.
Sold throuihont th« world. Price. CpricrßA, SOe-s
Poap. Me; ResOlve»t. Me. «nd 11. Porntu Droo
Ann Cam. Corp., Sole Propi.. Bo»ton. ■ -\
■•" " How to X'crrainen tly Cure £cxtms, n nuulta free.
THE BOUT ROLLED
OVER AND OVER,
Desperate Plight of Five
Men in the Bay
Yesterday.
TANGLED IN A FISH NET
A Quick and Gallant Rescue by
the Big Ferry Steamer
Ukiah.
PICNIC GIELS GO A-SAILING.
Customs Inspector J A. Ross Seizes
Too Much Water-Front
Liquid.
A gusty breeze along the water front
kept the usual number of strollers away
from the wharves, and a strong wind on
the bay kept the harbor pretty much clear
of boats.
One small craft, however, with a party
of five ventured out on a day's fishing,
and are now blessing their lucky stars
Perilous Predicament of Five Men Clinging to a Capsized Boat on the Bay Yesterday. One Was
Caught in a Fishnet and Almost Drowned. They Were Rescued by the Ukiah.
[Sketched by a "CaU " artist]
that* sent the big ferry-boat Ukiah their
way in the nick of time. They were Wil
liam Miller, H. Bie Jen berg, Fred Jensen,
George Bayless and Pasquale Anebili to
manage the boat.
It was a merry sail till they arrived off Al
catraz Island, when a sudden squail struck
their exceedingly cranky craft, whirling
it over bottom up in the bay. Then began
thefigutfor life between the waves and
the five helpless men. Being all thrown
one way when the boat capsized, they
clutched that side and turned her com
pletely over again.
The boat was buoyant and light and the
struggles of the men simply rolled her
over like an empty cracker-box. George
Bayless, a printer, well known in this
City, was not only incumbered with a
heavy overcoat but became caught in thp
boat and was unable to free himself.
When the boat was bottom up he was
wholly under water, but the struggles of
his companions would lift him into the
air and be would get a few breaths before
he was whirled under again.
Finally he kicked himself free from the
boat and found he was caught in the
fish-net like "a big salmon." He said he
floundered around and though unable to
get out of the snare he had intended for
a large string of fish he secured a eood
grip on the stem of the boat where he
field until rescued. When lifted from the
water he was badly mixed up with the net
and other fishing gear, and this kept him
from going to the bottom of the bay.
In the meantime the other four were
struggling, each man for himself. Pas
quale had experience enough to keep
away from the others, and. kicking off his
shoes and most of his clothing, made good
weather of it. But Jensen, Bielenberg and
Miller were fast exhausting themselves in
their efforts to get a safe grip on the boat.
Miller was dragged under the water by
his companions, and he says he swallowed
most all the bay before he was rescued.
But the life-savers were at hand. Cap
tain Van Pelt of the steamer Ukiah had
seen the men in the water and was hurry
ing his boat with all the power of her big
paddle wheels to their rescue.
When the steamer reached the scene a
boat was lowered in quick time and was
soon among the drowning fishing party.
They were so far gone that in a moment
more a Sunday tragedy would have been
enacted there. Bayless was pulled into
the Ukiah's boat with hid net still around
him and Miller was unconscious. Aboard
of the steamer they were taken car? of and
were returned to the City wet and hatless,
but thankful for their rescue.
When the boat capsized Jensen's watch
stopped, with the hands on the dial mark
ing 2:20, and they were picked up just
twenty minutes after.
Another boating incident occurred yes
terday in which two fair young summer
girls and the crew of their imperiled craft
were rescued from the choppy seas off the
stormy coast of El Campo.
The ladies had grown aweary of the
dance, the swings aud the merry-go-round,
and having reached the high-water mark
on icecream, lemonade and soda frappe,
they demanded of their gallant es
cort an excursion on the blue waters of
t&e bay, and he assented, being proud to
admit of bis nautical ignorance. A boat
was procured and the party started out,
assisted much in getting off by a sweeping
tide.
Soon they were in a mad torrent of
waves and their boatman was as rattled as
ever landlubber could well eet to be. They
set up a cry tnat echoed and echoed along
the Marin shore. But a rescuer was near
in a gallant sloop manned by Commodore
Atkinson as skipper and Bert Bygrave as
crew. The commodore jibed his boat
alongside of the other craft, and as the
main boom suddenly swung round it
knocked the crew overboard. But the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
sailor man was equal to the occasion. He
floundered into the boat with the fright
ened ladies and swore by Neptune tbat he
was there to save them if tne water took
the crease out of his trousers.
"Oh, you dear, darling, brave man,"
they cried, and they hugged him and
twisted around in the boat till she shipped
a sea that almost swamped her. The res
cuer blushed to a new brick red and trem
bled with fear and cold till his teeth chat
tered.
The party was safely conveyed ashore
vowing that th°y would never, never
again go to sea.
Yesterday v squad of young men be
longing to* the Naval Battalion congre
gated at their boathouse on the Folsom
street wharf and made general nuisances
of themselves.
They visited the neighboring beershops
with the regularity of old salts after a
long cruise at sea, and then turned them
selves loose. One of the number purchased
some fruit from a peddler and then the
crowd of blue jackets began a rowdy play.
They threw soft peaches at each other till
their uniforms were (sputtered with the
fruit. A number of ladies standing at tbe
boat-landing had their dresses stained
and ruined by the flying missiles. It
would be a good idea for tne commander
of the battalion to detail an officer to take
care of those young fellows when on duty
and ashoie, if they cannot do it them
selves.
Customs Inspector John A. Ross got on
a spree and ran amuck yesterday on the
water front. He boarded a Market-street
car and immediately proceeded to tell the
gripman bis opinion of that person in
language most vile. Several ladies left the
car, and when the railroad employes tried
to induce him to do the same he fought
like a wild beast. Special Officer Glocker
finally dislodged him after a severe con
test. At the Harbor Police Station he
violently assaulted Keeper Charles Cul
lum and had to be subdued by main
strength. He was locked up, charged with
using vulgar languaee, drunkenness and
disturbing the peace. There will proba
bly be a vacancy in the customs service.
A Day's Outing.
The second annual picnic of the Defender
Social Club is to take place at San Rafael Park,
San Rafael, to-day. The members of the
club will meet at their hall on Kearny street
at 8 oc'loclt and march to the wharf at the foot
of Clay street, from which the boat will start
at 9 o'clock. It is to be a private affair, and
none but the Defenders will be admitted to
the grounds.
PULLED HIS REVOLVER.
Frank Kenigoani, a Cook, Threatens to
Shoot a Conductor for De
manding His Fare.
Frank Kenigoani, a cook, scared the
passengers on a Geary-street car yesterday
afternoon, and is now locked up in the
City Prison.
The car was on its way to the City, and
Kenigoani boarded it at Devisadero street,
taking his seat on the dummy. The con
ductor asked him for his fare and he paid
no attention to him. Then the conductor
placed his hand on his shoulder and again
demanded his fare. Kiengoani pulled a re
volver out of his pocket, and, pointing it
at the conductor, said: "Don't you touch
me or I'll shoot you. I won't pay my
fare."
Policeman Clancy happened to be stand
ing at Scott street, and the car was
stopped and he was notified of the cook's
actions. He placed him under arrest, and
at the City Prison he was charged with
threats to kill and carrying a concealed
weapon.
He had only a nickel in his pockets
when searched at the City Prison, and he
said he was keeping it for a steam beer
There is a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon also pending against Kenigoani.
PIRATES SHOT THE COOK.
Found Aboard the Schooner Norm* by
George Lindermau.
When George Linderman, the cook of
the schooner Norma, which is lying at the
foot of Fourth street, went aboard at 7
o'clock last evening, after an afternoon
ashore, he found the schooner m tempo
rary possession of water front pirates.
They were in the cabin helping themselves
to clothing and other valuables belonging
to the captain and mate when Lindeman
appeared. He tried to corner them until
he could get police assistance, but they
took a shot at Linderman, the bullet strik
ing him in ono of his arms, inflicting a
severe flesh wound.
The men, three or four in number
jumped over the side of the schooner and
made off in a Whitehall boat. They got
away with one suit of clothes.
Cook Linderman was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Later the boat was found near the
schooner with the revolver lying on the
bottom of it. The boat had evidently been
abandoned by the thieves.
An Alleged Straw Bond.
Leo de Cordona, who was arrested some time
ago on a charge of forging warrants on the
City Street Department and gave bail, was re
arrested again last evening, the police claim
ing to have discovered his was a straw bond
The bondsmen are being looked for
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telepnone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
She la Identifled.
Mrs. Elizabeth Laux, who resided at 560»<£
Natoma street, is the name of the woman who
dropped dead in Smadeke's grocery store on
Saturday evening.
The new line of pictures framed by Sanborn,
Vail & Co. for 50 cents, 75 cents, $1, $l 50 and
$2 each are in great favor, as they usually sell
In these styles for double the money. There
are a few left of the ones that are being closed
out at exactly half the resrular nrice. •
IMPROVEMENTS
MAY BE DELAYED.
Golden Gate Park Will Suf
fer From the Want
of Funds.
SO SAY THE OFFICIALS.
Superintendent McLaren Declares
Many Trees Are Lacking
Nourishment.
RELIC OF THE FORTY-NINE.
Another Balloonist Meets With an
Accident— Robinson Retires From
Sutro Baths.
The cutting down of the appropriation
for Golden Gate Park is what is agitating
the Park Commissioners at this time, and
they express the opinion that it would be
the cause of retarding much work which
they believe they could do this year.
"The amount allowed," said Superin
tendent McLaren yesterday, "will delay
many improvements which ought to be
made."
"Yes," aaid Commissioner Rosenfeld,
"there is the new bridge across the main
drive which the people demand, that will
costagood sum of money."
"And what is more to be deplored," ad
ded the superintendent, "is the fact that
trees set out in about two hundred acres
of ground west of Strawberry Hill will die
for want of efficient nutriment.
"What is most needed is money with
which to procure loam. I believe that it
The Youngest Buffalo and His Mother.
is best that the trees which require many
years to grow should be taken care of
first. Flowers and grass-plats may be neg
lected fora time, as it does not take long
to restore them, but if trees are allowed to
die, and many of them in the district
west of Strawberry Hill are now six feet
or more high, it means from ten to twelve
years to restore them. There is danger of
that portion of the park becoming de
nuded and that section becoming a wil
derness ajrain. The sand there does not
nourish the roots."
A gentleman who was present during
the conversation suggested that the bridge
construction might be delayed for a year,
until the next appropriation is made.
Mr. Rosenfeld, while of the opinion that
that structure ought to be commenced
without delay, intimated that it might be
come necessary to delay the work, and
added: "There are some who do not ap
preciate the value of the park to the peo
ple who come here for recreation. They
do things differently in the East. The
Merchants' Association, composed of gen
tlemen who understand the needs of the
City as well as any set of men can, sug
gested that liberal appropriation be made
for the park, but what they said did not
amount to anything."
What will be done will be discussed at
the next meeting of the Commissioners
and plans of operation will probably at
that time be decided upon.
The work of putting in the partitions in
the annex to the museum has been com
pleted, and a very small force of men are
tinting the walls of the several depart
ments in the shades that will best suit the
several displays to be exhibited in them.
When the cases in which the exhibits are
to be deposited are finished the place will
be ready to be thrown open to the public.
For want of room in tne present building
the many contributions that have recently
been made to the museum have been
placed in a storeroom, and they will not.
be put on exhibition until the annex is
completed.
The Grant monument i." all ready to be
unveiled, but if the committee having the
matter in charge does not unveil it soon
the wind will do it. In several places the
covering that hides the bust has been rent.
and the zephyrs from the west enlarge the
tears day by day. Yesterday one of these
had extended to such a size that the visit
ors had an opportunity to obtain a profile
view of the face.
There were many visitors to the lake
around Strawberry Hill yesterday and
many of the ladies without escorts went
out in boats for a row. This exercise seems
to be appreciated by them judging from
the great number who work at the oars.
Next Saturday morning the members of
the San Francisco Fly Casting Club will
go to the lake to try tneir luck at long dis
tance casting.
Last Saturday Louis J. Ohnimus, who
has charge of the boats on the lake, killed
a fox which for some time past had been
playing sad havoc with the ducks that
add to the attractiveness of the eastern
end of the lake. The skin of the depreda
tor is being stuffed and it will be placed
with theotber curios in the museum.
The site of the old Forty-nine Mining
Camp of the Midwinter Fair has been
turned into an arboretum, and, this hav
ing been loamed, there will in a few years
be a fine forest there. Nothing now re
mains of the camp to remind one of the
general store, the stage office and the fan
dango-house but the log cabin in which
Sam Davis* published The Self-Cocker and
two small log caoins near by.
In the Conservatory Foreman Holbrow
takes great pride in showing to the visit
ors that most exquisite flower, El Spirito
Santo (the Holy Ghost flower), which is
now in full bloom. He also shows some
beautiful Camellia Begonias in every
shade — flowers that surpass any of the
begonias heretofore shown — and be takes
an unusual pride in them from the fact
that they are a California production, hav
ing been propagated after many years of
experimenting by J. H. Sievers of this
City. Their equal cannot be found in the
finest collections in the world.
There was a good attendance at the
Cliff and beach, but there was no perform
ance in the baths, nothing but ordinary,
everyday swimming and musical selec
tions by the band. The cause of this was
the retirement of Colonel T. i > . Robinson
irom the position of amusement manager
of tbe baths.
There was a large attendance at the
HaigLt-street erounds, the chief attrac
tions being the boy Sandow, who gave ex
hibitions of extraordinary strength, the
Intelligent orang-outang and the balloon
ascension. Miss Lelia Adair, the elder of
the Viola sisters, was to have made the
ascent, which was to be followed by a
parachute drop, but when let go the bal
loon gave a lurch and caused Miss Adair
to lose her hold on the trapeze- bar.
In endeavoring to recover it, some one
of tbe crowd ran against the aeronaut and
almost threw her to the ground. Just
then the balloon gave another lurch and
this brought one end of the trapeze-bar
with tfrent force against Miss Adair's right
shoulder-blade, which was once fractured
during an ascension, and the blow caused
her such pain that she did not have
strength enough to grasp the bar, so the
balloon went up without her snd rose
higher and went further than any balloon
that ever left the grounds. Her younger
sister, who was injured the Sunday previ
ous, is still confined to her bed by reason
of the injury which she received when she
fell on the roof of a house.
DEDICATED TO GOD'S USE,
The New Howard Presbyterian
Church Open to the
Public.
The First Church Was on Natoma
Street, but Later Removed to
Mission Near Third.
The new Howard Presbyterian Church
on Oak street, corner of Baker, was for
mally and appropriately dedicated yester
day afternoon. "With song and prayer the
beautiful building, a gem of the architect's
genius, was consecrated to the worship of
God.
The floral decorations were simple, yet
exquisitely and tastefully arranged. Hy
drangeas of the pink, blue and white va
riety, with a background of fern, made the
altar, temporarily, at least, a place of
sweet scents which seemed to blend pleas
ingly with the eloquent and inspired
words of the several speakers.
The interior of the new church is a di
rect contradiction of most modern edifices.
Instead of being deep it is broad, tending
to create the effect of a family gathering.
At both ends there are two galleries, in
tended ordinarily for classrooms, but
which can be connected with the audito
rium should the occasion arise. Just back
of the rostrum stands the bia: orsan,
around which there is sumcient room to
Beat a choral choir of forty.
Long before the hour announced|for the
opening of the dedicatory services the 600
seats were filled. The galleries were
thrown open, and they, too, were soon
crowded to overflowing. The exercises
commenced with an organ prelude by
William F. Hooke, organist and musical
director. This was followed by the doxol-
A Relic of the '49 Camp.
ogy, "Old Hundred," rendered by a
special choir of twenty-six, their names
being as follows:
Sopranos, lime, Yda de Seminario, Mrs. J. A.
McDonald, Mi-s Carrie Peterson, Miss Bertha
E. Johnson, Miss Carrie A. Bcrlna, Miss Fanny
Demy, Miss Pearl Noble; iiltos, Mrs. Maud
Chapelle Henly, Mrs. Milton E. Blanchard,
Mrs. A. H. Winn, Mrs. Charles Parent, Miss
Maud Noble. Miss Cecilia Becker, Miss Maud
Buneman; tenors, J. H. Tolen, Dr. Hodghead,
Joseph J. Morris, BurbankG. Somers, David W.
Wise, C. V. Lenfceman; bassos, C. 11. Hoeg,
Frank B. Peterson, Charles H. Van Orden,
Berkely Pearce, George H. Hooke, S. Somer
Henley.
Rev. Mr. Doane of Mizpah church read
a lesson taken from Kings, following
which came the dedicatory sermon by
Dr. H. C. Alinton. The speaker referred
in eloquent terms to the new house of God,
urging all members to work for it faith
fully and earnestly as the one way to ad
vance the cause of Christ. The pastor,
Key. F. R. Farrand, then read the usual
dedication exercises, after which Dr.
George B. Somers, chairman of the build
ing committee, formally transferred the
keys of the building to the legally consti
tuted custodians of the property, repre
sented in this instance by Captain Charles
Nelson, chairman of the Board of Trus
tees.
The exercises concluded with a short
prayer by Rev. Mr. Stewart and a few re
marks by visiting Presbyterians and min
isters. The visiting clergymen were Rev.
8. H. Willey, Rev. F. A. Doane, Rev.
George Stewart and Dr. H. C. Minton.
David N. Hawley, one of the four organ
izers of the original church, was also in
attendance.
The Howard Presbyterian Church was
organized in ISSO, the first church being on
the corner of Natoma and New Montgom
ery streets.
Rev. S. H. Willey was pastor from 1850
to 1862. The lumber for the building was
brought from Maine, and the ground was
presented by the late William D. N. How
ard. About forty years ago the church
sold the Natoma-street property, moving
on Mission street, near Third. Some
months since the trustees received an offer
for that property, and after due consulta
tion with the members of tbe congregation
it was deemed advisable to accept it. The
present property was then purchased, and
the result is seen in the formal dedication
of the new building as told above.
The new Sunday-school was organized
yesterday morning with 147 pupiis. J. P.
Prutzman was elected superintendent and
Purcell Howe assistant. Tiio Christian
Endeavor Society will in future meet every
Sunday evening at 6:30 o'clock.
BUTTONS ARE THE CRAZE.
A New Fad Started in Connec
tion With the Political
Campaign.
Being Used for Advertising by Manu
facturers of all Kinds of
Merchandise.
Pleasure-seekers at the Park yesterday
were kept busy trying to read the inscrip
tions on the miscellaneous assortment of
buttons that decorated the lapels of thou
sands of bicyclists and pedestrians. But
tons of every description, bearing mottoes
of every kind, were greatly in evidence,
and the easy-going citizen who was not
quite up to date marveled at the sud
den appearance of this very latest fm-de
siecle adornment.
The "button craze" ha? already struck
the town, and threatens to throw all other
fads into the shade during tbe next few
months. One firm has already sent out
the advance guard in the shape of great
cards ot miscellaneous buttons to be given
away withl its cigarettes. Pictures of Mc-
Kiuley on backgrounds of flags and
shields and whole firmaments of stars are
among the most common patterns.
"McKinley, Sis-Boom-Ah! Hobart" is
also a favorite among those who are work
ing for the man from Canton.
Eastern manufacturers are turning out
"crowns of thorns" and "crosses of gold"
by the thousand.
Tattered urchins and messenger boys all
over the City already have their jackets
decorated profusely with such Democratic
slogans as, "I'll carry silver if it breaks
my back," "Silver is good enough for me,"
"Wall street demonetized silver," "The
bants don't want free silver, I do; I don't
own a bank," and "The goldbug is a hum
bug."
Even Non-partisans have been provided
for. Non-committal button-wearers are
offered such inscriptions as, "Hush, you'll
wake the baby," "Yes, darling," "Don't
NEW TO-DAY.
If the only purpose of
coloring tea were to keep
it fresh, it would not be
bad ; but the main purpose
of coloring tea is to cover
up defects. They take
poor tea and handle it and
twist it and color it to make
it look like fine tea.
We cannot afford to let
such tea as this pass un-
challenged. Can you af-
ford to let it pass your lips
unchallenged?
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling Best.
Sold only in packages.
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 847
SCHOOLS OPEN DAY
■ — :oxT"sr — - > :■;.
SCHOOL BOOKS
-at—
WHOLESALE PRICES.
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO.,
Successors to The BANCROFT CO..
Second floor. 723 Market Street.
NEW TO-LAY-AMUSEMENTS.
in fl "I • lm
*tG»AND PAVILION
rELECTRicMoTivePowER
h Transmitted From fbLsoM
nfllPT TAII TO EXHIBIT
DOR T f AIL TO ATTEND
EXCURSION RATES.
THE CHUTES,
O-A.SI3STO!
Ami Greatest Scenic Railway on i£arth! ;
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Immediate Success of Oar Sew Bill! :
THE BOY 1 SANDOW!
And A Host of Novelties.
Th c Sensation of the City is . ■
JOE!"
The Intelligent Urang-Outang. •
ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Children, Including Merry-Go- Round Klde, 5 cents.
FAMILY EXCURSION
SANTA CRUZ ™%z~.
Personally, conducted by WSI. H. MESTOX,
; > ( Excursion Passenger Agent.: ; ,
SUNDAY, AUGUST 2, 1896.
\ NO CROWDING! ; SEATS FOR ALL!
<&*=> T 'ls dfes3
UjpCjl ROUND fipCji
Take. the 7:45 A. m. boat from . ferry landing
(narrow gauge), ban Francisco, ■ foot -of Market
street. * For further Information apply at Grand
Hotel Ticket Othce.
1 RICHARD GRAY, i T. H. GOODMAN,
iV •■•■:.-'-■; G. T.M.^'- ■.■.■- O. P. A.
NEW TO-DAY.
Naked Pills
are fit only, for naked sav-
ages. Clothes are tbe marks
of civilization — in pills as well
as people. A good coat does
not make a good pill, any more
than good clothes make a good
man. Eut as sure a3 yon'd
look on a clothesless man as a
mad one, you may look on a
coatless pill as a bad one.
After fifty years of test no
pills stand higher than
AVER'S
Cathartic Pills
SUGAR COATED.
pull my leg," "Never touched me," "I'm
in love, are you?" "It will all come out in
the wash," and an illustrated inquiry of
"Are you in the swim ? If not, why not?"
The limited supply of "I want a girl"
buttons was quicKly exhausted, and an
extra invoice was found necessary to sat
isfy the wants of the amorously inclined.
Cigars, chewing-tobacco and bicycle tires
are being similarly advertised. Local
tobacco dealers are ordering gross upon
gross of political buttons to give away
during the comine campaign. The very
latest idea is a "McKinlev" or "Bryan' 1
pipe with aluminum pictures of the Presi
dential aspirants emblazoned on a back
ground of briarwood. Doubtless before
election day many an enthusiastic parti
san of McKinley or Bryan will puff him
self sick in the performance of hs politi
cal duty of blowing clouds of smoke
about the aluminum face of his favorite
candidate.
Hoitt's Sch->ol foi Boys, Burlingame. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira U. Hollt, Ph.D., Master* *
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TfIICOLAnDEJLOOTTIOD «»*O" LtsiCJAnorum/wM*---
FOR ~~T DON'T
1 YOUR MISS
> LIFE IT!
TO-NIGHT!
AN DOUBLE
IMPORTANT EVENT!
THE : FRAWLEY : COMPANY
And First Appearance of
WILTON LACKAYE
MRS. THORSDYReIoUCICAULT
The Handsome and Accomplished Comedi-
enne. In that
CHARMING, PATHETIC, HUMOROUS AND
INTENSELY INTERESTING COMEDY,
A GOLD MINE!
The Best America Play Written.
New Scenery !— Elegant Cogtnmei I
And No Advance in Prices.
AL HAYMAN & CO. THEATERS.
ft AT THE . * *0 R THI3
Baldwin 20 :z op
•■i^/!^*"M»* 11^1 2D W EEK OP
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
EMPIRE THEATER CO
THE THE
BRILLIANT BENEFIT
SUCCESSFUL OF
COMEDY THE
DRAMA DOUBT
By A. W. Pinero, author of "Sweet Lavender," etc.
Calling for the Full Strength of the
Superb Organization.
NEXT MONDAY - - THE MASQUER ADEKS.
|->.at-the,.- TO-MGHT.
CALIFORNIA I First Time.
AH This Week— Matinee Saturday,
The Singing Irish Comedian
CHAUNCEY OLCOTT
In the Beautiful Irish Idyl
=MAVOURNEEN=
By Horace W. Townsend and George H. Jessop.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY. ';
BEAUTIFUL, COSTUMES.
AN UNPARALLELED CAST. •
Monday, August 10, "THK IRISH ARTIST."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Una. Krki.ivq. Proprietor &.\iaa.k£«;
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hineiohs.
BEPERTOIBE FIFTH WEEK.
THIS EVENING Loencavalio's Tragic Opera
TUESDAY in two acts,
THURSDAY "PAGLIACCI,"
FRIDAY Preceded by
SUNDAY • Orchestral Selections. '
Wednesday and Saturday Evenings,
*.■'; Gounod's Immortal Opera,
"FATTST."
GREAT CASTS.
CORRECT COSTUMES.
SUPERB SCENERY.
Next Week,
"The Hugnenots" &^The Bohemian Girl"
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500. •
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Amorlsa.
WAUKK MOKOdCO, Sole Leiue* noil MatutfK
THIS EVEN IN Ci AT EIGHT.
—Second Week ' and Enormous ' success of—
JAMES M. BROI'HY
"Our California Boy,"
In McKee Rankin's Great Drama,
"THE ID-A-IVrXTESS S»»
THE PLAY OF THE WEEK!
Evening Prices— 2sc and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday:
O'Farrell street. Between Stockton and Powall.
Week Commencing Monday, Aug. 3.
:.7— NEW PROMINENT I NOTABLE*— 7,
The Acrobatic -Wonders from South ■ America.
THE FOUR NKLSON SISTERS.
DRUM3IONO STAIiEY AND BtLLE
BIRBKOK.
BLACK PATTT.
TECHOW'S PERFORMING CATS AND BIONDI
And a great Vaudeville Company." .
' Secure your seats In advance. Reserved seats,
25c; ialcony, 10c; Opera-chairs and box-seats
60c. • .-■--••■• " '•'■■• •■■• : ' "
COMING— KENNEDY, THE KING LAUGH-
:, MAKER.
to . u rounds
Open Daily from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening*
_ General Admission- Adults I Of, Children Ba
78
SHOOTING FOR
THEIR DINNERS
A Lively Team Match at
the Schuetzen Park
Rifle Range.
J. C. WALLER'S MEN WIN
Strecker Again Carries Off the
Californias' Champion
Honors.
BREMER'S PRIZE IS IN SIGHT.
An Interesting Private Match Among
Three Military Marksmen.
Other Events.
It was a lively day at the Schuetzen
Part rifle range near San Rafael yester
day, and Captain Schuman had his hands
full providing for his guests. Nearly a
dozen targets were up and the only rest
the markers had was during the half
hour's intermission at noon. With two
exceptions, the marksmen were all mem
bers of the German shootine clubs.
The large attendance of those of the
California Schuetzen Club was ac
counted for by the two attractions, the
monthly medal contest and the team shoot
for a dinner. Adolph Strecker arrived
late, but he held his own and went to the
front again as the first in the champion
class.
He carried off this honor in spite of the
fact that he shot irregularly shaped bul
lets, caused by his bullet-mold having
outlived its usefulness, a fact that he did
not discover in time to secure better am
munition. Charles Thierbach made a
pretty run in his score for second prize in
the second champion class. Louis Ben
do], after a hard struggle, took the first
prize honors in the first class, closely fol
lowed by J. P. Robinson. Otto Bremer
stands a Rood chance of finally winning
the href prize in the second clasß. In fact
it is almost conceded that he will be
adorned with this medal.
The scores made were as follows, Ger
man ring target, twenty shots, 200 yards:
First champion— First prize, A. Strecker 439
rings; secomi prize, J. Utschig Sr. 418.
Second champion— First prize, CharlesThier
bach4l2; fcecond prize, O. Burmeister 353.
First class— Firs 1 , prize. L. Bendel 4ll; second
prize, J. F. Robinson 404.
Second class— First prize, O. Bremer 419;
second prize, L. Reubold 388.
Third class— Firat prize, A. Breuss 408; sec
ond prize, J. C. Waller 373.
Fourth class— Kir<t prize, A. N. Boyan 387;
second prize, A. Hampel 365.
Schuetzen Cadets— First class, A. Reubold
294; second class, J. Kullmann 355.
Best first shot, A. Jungbiut 25; best last shot,
O. Bremer 25.
The great event of the day, however,
was the team match between two selected
teams of tbe Californias. In each team
tbere were eighteen of the best shots in
the club, and on the result depended a
dinner for the three dozen. J. C. Waller
was the captain of one squad, and T. J.
Carroll, the everywhere-:; -the-same-time
shooting-master of the club, was in charge
of the other. The selection of men was
impartial, but Captain Waller's men
pulled out 62 points ahead. The condi
tions were ten shots to each man, the
club to pay for the dinners for the winners
and the losers to pay for themselves.
Captain Schuman provided a splendid re
past for the marksmen, but he declared
that the losing team ate so much that he
lost all of the profits on the dinner. The
scores were as follows:
Captain Waller's team— D. W. McLr.uShltn
211, L. Bendel 200, F. P. Schuster 205,F.Attin
ger 204. X. Fr-d»ricks 168, L. C. Rubin 170,
C. Eging 175, H. SchroccJor 190, W. El.renpfort
187,~A. Breuss 181, R. Langcrl76. F. A. Kunls
181, O. Breme: 199, W. Nolden 169. C. Sage
horn 132. C. Xobinan 15S, L. Reubold 198, J.
C. Waller 185. Total, 3289.
Captain Carroll's team— A. Strecker 210, C.
Thurbach 199, D. B. Faktor 203, R. Finking
193, O. Burmeister IH2. A. Ut.schig 153, P.
Bahr 206, A. Ehrenpfort 205, T. Archer 161, F.
C. Muller 184, A. Jungbiut 184, J. Utscnig Sr.
205, J. F. Rot Inson 166, ML Reubold 122, J.
Straub 164, A. Browning 156. A. Hampel 147,
T. J. Carroll 187. Total, Ji^T.
The regular monthly medal shoot of the
schuetzen section of the Verein Ein
tracht resulted in the following winners
and their scores, German ring target,
twenty shots:
Champion class— F. A. Kuhls, 425 rings.
First class— T. Binner, 401.
Second class — C. fchroeder, 409.
Taird class— J. Over, 398.
Fourth c!as«— J. Zann, 334.
Best first shot, Charles Gumbel, 24; best last
shot, R. stotten, 23.
The San Francisco Grueth Verein's
shooting section monthly medal contest
resulted in the following class winners
and their scores of twenty shots in the
German ring target:
Champion class— Fred Baumgartner, 412
rings.
First class- D. Diethelm, 393.
S«cond class— Joseph Fetz, 382.
Third class— R. Hauser. 347.
Best first shot, Al Geh-et, 24; best last shot,
Fred Baumgartner, 24.
The west end of the ranee was kept
noisy all day with the rattle of musketry,
as two militia companies were holding
their montnlv"medal shoot there. An in
teresting private match for the dinner was
held among thrCe of Company D's men.
Some fine shooting was done on the mili
tary target, as seen by these scores:
J. Jones 4 45455456 5—46
T. Kerrigan. 4 54646564 0— 46
J. X Robinson 4 55445545 4—45
As seen, Jones won by Oreedmoor rules.
The companies' scores, ten shots to each
man, were as follows:
Company D of the Fifth Regiment, San Ra
fael—J. F. Robinson 46. A. N. Boyen 45, N.
Vanderbilt 44. J. Jones 43, T. Kerrigan 43, J.
I. Mulhern 43, F. J. Jacobs 42, Capiaiu Elliott
42, M. Reilly 40, Lieutenant Murray 40. F.
Mulhern 40, S. Eden 40, J. T. Bustin 40, P.
Trennion 39, W. T. Butterworth 39, J. W.
Schlosser 37, E. Gardner 37, E. Smith 37, F.
h offer 37, T. ri. Archer 36, D. McCumish 36, D.
W. Martens 35, G. Collamore 35, V. Hoxie 35.
J. H. Smith 35. V. Cne<la 35, R. M. Whittemore
35. H. lversou 35, D. H. kchneider 34. N. Em
hoff 34. V. Clark 34, L Johansen 33, P. A. Le
< or nee 33, H. Dawley 31, D. Haley 31, J. E.
Greaver 30.
Company H. First Regiment, S. F— Captain
F. W. Wanen 39, Sergeant A. Roach 32, Corpo
ral Ehrenpfort 44, Corporal C .Callan 35 ,ir.
C. lli.ler 42, Poikiughorn 30, Eisner 37, Las
wtll 42, At i water 42, Schnider 25, Mitchell 36,
Desmond 18. Furnanz 40, Ries 19, T. J. Car
roll 42.
At Shell Mound.
It was Shell Mound's off Sunday yester
day. Following are the clubs and their
scores:
Deutscher Krieger Verein, monthly medal
shoot, German ring target, twenty shots:
Champion class— F. Kaiser, 313 riiiss.
First class— N. Niegle 285.
Second class— J. H. Mohr 285.
Third class— R. Schwittenhauser 195.
Independent Rifles' monthly medal
shoot, ten shots, military target:
?ergeant F. M. Zeisins; 43. Corporal F. han
41, Corpo ral J. Staude Jr. 38, Corporal J. Win
dermann 35, J.Stanp 33, Sergeant H. Seulicht
mann 32, N. Biegel 31. Sergeant J. 11. Schnei
der 30, Dr. F. T. Bond 30, H. Goetjcn 28, Lieu
tenant E. Moenning 27, H. Staude '27, J. Lin
decker 22, H. Jurgens 17, J. W. Reiley 13, W.
Tienken 12. Sergeant J. H. WilkeDS 6, H. Han
sen 3.
League of the Cross Lecture.
On Friday evenine next Aev. Arthur M.
Clark, C. S. P. of the Paullst Fathers, will lec
ture in Metropolitan Hall on "The Father of
Modern Liberty" for the benefit oi the uniform
and armory fund of Company D, First Regi
ment, of the League of the Cross Cadets of
Sacred Heart parish. Colonel James F. Smith,
past president of the Y. M. I. and president of
the American Liberal League, will preside.
H. L. FABRY'S DEATH.
Said to Be No Mystery— Dr. Buchanan's
Efforts to Save Hit
Patient.
The assumed mystery attending the
death last Friday evening of Herman L.
Fabry, who was suffocated by gas, is said
to be, upon further investigation, no mys
tery at all. There is no evidence to sus
tain the suicide theory, and in all proba
bility tbe death was accidental.
When the mother of the decedent de
tected the escaping gas she at once sum
moned Dr. R. A. Buchanan of 523 Laguna
street. He remained with his patient for
twelve hours and did everything medical
science could nuggest to save him, but it
wai too late, and at 7 o'clock in the even
ing he died. It is the opinion of his father,
Leopold M. Fabry, that he got up early in
the morning, tried to light the eras, and
then fell back upon the bed and went to
sleep, leaving the key open.
» — • — •
CORBETT MAY FIGHT.
His Exhibition at Cripple Creek Will
Not Invalidate Hia Agreement
With Sharkey.
James J. Gorbett left San Francisco on
Saturday night for Colorado, where he
will give a boxing exhibition at Cripple
Creek with Billy Woods.
It was considered by some of those who
take a deep interest in the manly art that
his proposed exhibition with Woods
would be an infraction of the agreement
signed by him and Sharkey.
Inquiry, however, dispels this theory.
It is claimed that it is not a match within
tbe meaning of the prize-ring code, inas
much as it is only an exhibition of science
and not for honor or lucre, but just such a
display as, to use tue language of one of
the sports, "you might give in your par
lors before the members of your family."
Tbe same latitude is extended to Shar
key should he see fit to give a "parlor"
exhibition with another of tbe strong
muscled fraternity.
WORLD'S RECORD BEATEN
E. W. Decker of the Acme Club
Rode Five Miles in
10:23.
Rut the Record Cannct Stand, as There
Were Not Enough Timers
Present.
E. W. Decker of the Acme Clnb Wheel
men of Oakland rode five miles on the San
Leandro-Haywards road yesterday after
noon in 10 mm. 23 sec, being nearly a
minute faster than the world's record for
the distance, but because he did not have
the full complement of timers required by
the California Associated Cycling Clubs
the record is unofficial and cannot stand.
The world's five-mile road record is
11:11 2-5, made not long ago by George M.
Hamlin of the San Francisco Road Club
over the same course. Decker has felt all
along that he could better that perform
ance and decided to make t c attempt
yesterday. He had four tandem teams for
pacinir. tbe riders being Brouillet and
Bedbury, Kenna and Agrnew, Dixon and
Menne and Elford and Krafts.
Tbe pace maintained the entire distance
was steady and very last, and Decker kept
up with the tandems well. When tne
watches were compared it was found he
had ridden it in 10:23, but there were only
three timers, and the association and the
Century Road Club of America, by whom
such records are allowed, require fi7e
timers. Decker was disappointed because
he did not get the record, but will try
again next Wednesday afternoon at 4
o'clock.
His ride yesterday was timed by T. L.
Hall at the start and A. P. Swain and C.
B. Shear at the finish. The ride was a re
markable one, and probably the strong
wind at his back helped him a great deal.
He will doubtless get the record next
Wednesday.
Before the record trial the Acme and
Reliance clubs each held a live-mile road
race over the course. The finish of the
Acme race was rather straggling, but the
time made was fairly sood, as will be seen
by the following table:
i
CD
5"
3
ContesUnta.
Handi-
cap.
Net
riding
time.
1 G. Wyman
2 K. J. Smith
3 C. H. Staples
4 L.G. Swain..
5 F. .Si men
6 W. <;reener
7 D. WeHtphal......
8 A. J. Frey. ...... .............'.
9 Wright
10 C. Mailer
11 C. l*wis .:.....
1:00
:30
:S0
1:15
1:15
1:00
:30
1:15
:30
2:00
1:16
14:00
13:55
13:56
14:42
15:02
14-54
14:45
15:10
14:50
15:25
15:35
The first six men in the Reliance race
finished in a bunch, and for a few seconds it
was quite exciting. F. Neylan fell near the
tape, but was unhurt and remounted and
rode the race out. Following is the score :
c
c
p
Contestants.
Handi-
cap.
Net
Riding
Time.
1
1
3
4
6
0
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
P. A. Deacon
C. 8. Myrick
C L. Griffith
H. H. Price
T. Hayselden
a. Kobson
E. Mareton
P. H Knscuheim
P. Hayselden
F. Neylon
C. D. Bates Jr.....
U D. Ooocn
B. H. Klford
:35
1:30
1:15
1:30
2:00
2:00
2:00
::-;:>
2:1)0
1:30
sc
:15
:16
13:56
14:50
14;36
14:54
15:26
15:'J8
15:35
14:13
15:50
15:11
13:55
14:10
14:11
Yesterday most of the local cycling
clubs had runs to the Park, the San Fran
cisco, Olympic, Alpha, California, Im
perial, bay City, Golden Gate and Ala
mecia Clubs all heading that way.
There was a strong' wind all day and
riding against it was rather hard work
Coming in, however, some of the men
spread out their coats for sails and it was
easy going then.
Toe Camera Club cyclists went to San
Jose yesterday, the Outing Road Club to
Haywards and the Liberty Cycling Club
to Laundry Farm.
Next Sunday all the local and Alameda
County clubs will be in Stockton attend
ing the bis watermelon run of the Ter
minal City Wheelmen. They will go up
by boat Saturday night.
Those Japanese Steamship Linen.
E. S. Babcock of Coronado. president of
many big corporations in San Diego and
Coronado and manager and half owner of the
Hotel del Coronado, returned to the Palace on
his way home from the Yellowstone Park,
where he has been on a pleasure trip. He
thinks that it rests with the Atchison,
T .peka and Santa Fe Railroad rather than
with the citizens of San Diego to secure one of
the Japanese steamship lines. For, he Bays,
it is continental trade and overland rates that
the steamship company wants, for local and
coast commerce is not large enough. San
Diego can offer practically nominal port rates
and can give water frontage for wharves, but
it cannot promise trade that it does not con
trol. Mr. Babcock thinks that the Soutnem
Pacific Company will make a strong effort to
have one of the Japanese lines decide upon
San Francisco as a terminus, and he bases his
opinion on the theory thr.t the railroad prefers
t.) control the land traflic to the exclusion of
the Northern Pacific and the Atchison, Topeka
aud Santa Fe rather than to foster the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company and lose a greater
volume of business.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris il6 Grant avenue. ,.. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
REBEL CORKS ON
PLEASURE BENT,
An Immense Crowd at
Their Picnic at Shell
Mound Park.
SOME FINE GATE FRIZES
The Races and Games Were
Exciting and Very Closely
Contested.
JIG AND REEL DANCING.
Pretty Girls Who Can Dance the
Old as Well as the New Steps.
The Prize Winners
A big crowd attended the tenth annual
picnic of the Rebel Cork Benevolent As
sociation yesterday at Shell Mound ParK,
Berkeley. Extra trains were run all
day long, and the number of people was
one of the largest ever inside the pictur
esque park. The crowd was well-behaved
and orderly, which added much to the
enjoyment of the day.
The Hibernian Band furnished the
rnu-ic tor the occasion. It was kept busy
in the pavilion, where the crowd of dancers
whirled and glided.
One of the most attractive features of the
day's pleasures was the jig and reel danc
ing in a pago-ia under the trees. Professor
McCarthy, a piper, and Professor McMa
hon, violinist, furnished the music for it.
It was something comparatively novel in
the way of dancing, and people stood on
the tables and benches and chairs and
craned their necks in order to see it. This
style of dancing was open to all. Many a
pretty Irish girl showed to an admiring
and applauding multitude that she could
dance a graceful jig as well as a graceful
waltz.
Chauncey Olcott, the Irish comedian,
made a little speech to the crowd In the
pavilion, and by urgent request delivered
a very pleasing recitation.
The chief interest of the day centered in
the great variety of races held in the after
noon. They began at 2 o'clock. The fat
ladies' race brought out a number of very
large entries, and in the fat men's race nb
one was eligible for entry who weighed
less than 250 pounds.
Tbe several grand stands around the
racetrack and arena were rilled with peo
ple, increasing the picturesqueness of the
scene. The individual entries for each
race had friends in the crowd, and by
shouts as be passed them they encouraged
him to greater efforts. It was the same
with the ladies. The races resulted as fol
lows:
For boys under 10 years of age^ — J. Riordan,
first; J. Robertson, second.
For boys under 14 years of age — Ed Barry,
first; George Crowley, second.
For girls under 10— Katie O'Connell, first;
Alice O'Neil, second.
For girls under 14 — Emma Mohr, first ; Mamie
Smith, second.
For professionals, three times around the
track— Frnnk Wilson, first; R. D. Johnson,
second; J. M. Sullivan, third.
For young men— Ed Johnson, first; T. Byrne,
secoi.d.
For marriageable young ladies — Nellie
Molloy, first; Annie Roach, second.
For married men — C. J. Sheble, first; G.
Mitchell, second.
For married ladies— Mrs. Burns, first; Mrs.
Beasley, second.
For men over 40— Charles M. Brown, first;
Thomas Frazier, second.
For married ladies over 40 — Mrs. Carney,
first; Mrs. Baugson, second.
For (at men— D. S. Huschle first; (prize not
called for and name not given), second.
Forfatladies— Mrs. Owens, first; Mrs. Grabitt,
second.
Three-legeed race for boys.— J. Sullivan and
J. OLe ry first, W. Davis and F. Haselbacher
second.
Three-legged race for men— M. Sullivan and
O. McDonald first, M. Corcoran and R. Riga
second.
Special for boys— J. Sullivan first, J. McDon
ald second.
Special for girls— Evelina Moore first. Anna
McDonough second.
Sack, race ior men — M. Dwyer first, E. Mc-
Keever second.
Sack race for boys— Charles Haggerty first,
Frank Smith secoild.
Running hop, step and jump — J. Lynch first,
M. Kelly second.
Standing jump— John Smith first, M. O'Dowd
secend.
Running high jump— George Edwards first,
William Burke second.
Stuiuling high jump— T. Bheble first, F.
Kane second.
The prizes were cash and all kinds of
valuable and useful articles.
The list of gate prizes was especially
fine, ranging from a sewing-machine and
a year's subscription to the Weekly Call
down to %i 50 cash. All the tickets were
placed in a sack, and in the pavilion Kittie
Cookery, 4 years old, put her hand in the
sack and the first fifty-two numbers she
took out won the prizes. Miss Kittie Ches
ter won the sewing-machine.
• — ♦ — •
INGLESIDE COURSING.
'Bight Bower Won 'the Hnt Prise Yes
. terday in a Company of First-
Class Dogs- , "
The coursing at Ingleside park drew out
a laree crowd of leash men yesterday and a
splendid day's sport was witnessed. The
wins of a number of short ends kept tlie
crowd in good humor and the pool-box
did a big business. The hares were first
class.
The run down resulted as follows:
Lissak beat Acme Boy, Right Bower beat
Queen B, California Violet beat Coomassie,
Sir Walter beat Sport, Sarcastic beat
Swfftsure, Snowbird beat Annie Daly,
Tom Hayes beat Free Silver, Miss Brummel
bsat Corte Mcdera, Happy Day beat Chippie,
Alameda beat Uncle Sam, Dublin Stout beat
Gee Whiz, Maud G beat New Tipperary, Pre
mier beat Spinaway, Bill Nye beat True Blue,
Royal Stag beat Daisy Governor Jim beat Lord
Clifton, Gold King beat Monitor, Susie beat
Bobolink.
First ties— Right Bower beat Lissak, Cal.
Violet beat Sir Walter, Sarcastic beat Snow
bird, Tom Hayes beat Miss Brummel, Ala
meda beat Happy Day, Dublin Stout beat
Maud G, Bill Nye beat Premier, Governor Jim
beat Royal Stag, Susie beat Gold King.
Second ties— Right Bower beat California
Violet, Sarcastic beat Tom Hayes, Dublin Stout
beat Alameda, Bill Nye beat Governor Jim,
Susie a bye.
Third ties— Right Bower beat Sarcastic, Dub
lin Stout beat Susie, Bill Nye a bye.
Fourth ties— Kight Bower beat Bill Nye,
Dublin Stout a bye
Final— Right Bnwer beat Dublin Stout.
Prizes— s2o, $15, $10, $5 50, $3 50.
Sunday next the management of the
park will add $25 to the entrance fee of $1,
insuring a good prize to the dog winning
the finals.
Hebrew Social Clnb's Picnic.
The Ban Francisco Hebrew Social Club's first
annual picnic was held yesterday at Schuet
zen Park, and about 750 people were present.
The club was organized on January 5, 1895,
and was incorporated six months later. The
Hebrew Orphan Asylum band furnished a part
of the music for the occasion. The pleasure
seekers had an enjoyable time. Thirty-live
pate prizes were distributed. The officers and
committees were as follows: President, H.
Goldman; vice-president, W. Goldman; secre
tary, Milton M. Davis; treasurer, A. H. Becker;
committee of arrangements— H. Goldman, P.
Goldstein, A. H. Becker, Joseph Coleman, Mil
ton M. Davis; floor committee— Willian Gold
man, S. Shaben, C. Siockwitz, D. Goldstein, J.
Freud; reception committee— Martin Meyer,
A. .Strauss, William Baron.
Stabbed With a lonknife.
Peter Samuels, a painter, living at 9% Pratt
place, was arrested yesterday by Detective
Anthony and Sergeant Green on the charge of
assault with a deadly -weapon. He had a row
with his wife Friday afternoon and stabbed
her iv the back with a penknife.
SOME VIEWS OF THE REBEL CORKS ENJOYING THEMSELVES
COIN FOR THE CRUSADE.
liocal Aid Given to a Great Theosophi-
cal Movement.
The Theosopbical Society that has occu
pied Red Men's Hall regularly every Sun
day evening for the past four years held
its first meeting last night in its new com
modious quarters at Golden Gate Hall, on
Sutter street.
There were several addresses made dur
ing the evening by prominent theoso
phists. Their remarks all bore on the ob
jects and the vast importance of the great
theosophical crusade now being carried
on for the high purpose of chancing the
ideals of humanity and showing them the
path to greater happiness and influences.
The active interest taken by the local
society was amply indicated by tbe speak
ers. A collection to aid the crusaders in
their travels was taken and was responded
to liberally.
The hall, chosen on account of its large
accommodation, was hardly big enough to
hold the large number that attended last
night.
E. B. Rambo presided over the meeting,
and in a few preliminary remarKs wel
comed the society to the new hall and
briefly outlined the history of theosophy
in this country. He said that in 1875 in
New York the first movement toward a
theosophical society was made by a few
persons. This movement has grown
slowly and steadily, until now it stretches
across the extent of the earth.
Meetings that at first were held with a
certain exclusiveness became more public
in nature, and now it is the custom to
open the doings of the society to the whole
world. The society is now in its twenty
first year, and another method of propa
ganda has been put into effect in the form
of a crusede of seven people, who will
visit every land and show what t eosophy
really is, what it leaches and what it will
accomplish.
After an instrumental solo by Miss
Alice Winant, Dr. Anderson spoke on the
purpose of the crusade. He said in part:
The purpose of the crusade briefly expressed
is to change the ideals of humanity. Theosophy
presents Itself as a vehicle to do this. No man
can help himself or his fellow-men without
realizing how puerile, how low and how con
temptible, are the present ideals of the human
race.
This address was followed by E. P.
Jones, who spoke on the messages of the
osophy.
"Theosophy," said he, "teaches that
there is a proper way to live and a proper
way to die. or, in other words, a proper
way of life."
Mrs. M. M. Thirds then spoke with
much beauty of thought and expression
on "Brotherhood." She said that the
souls of men were but sparks of the great
central fire, the deity.
MONEY TO SAVE
PUBLIC HEALTH.
An Increased Appropria
tion Vigorously
Sought.
CALAMITIES PREDICTED.
Special Session of the Board
of Health Last
Night.
PRESS SUPPORT IS INVOKED.
The Sum Required for Food Inspec
tion, Ambulance Sys*
tern, Etc.
A special meeting of the Board of
Health was held last evening at the office
of Dr. G. J. Fitzgibbon, a member of the
board. The special session was called to
consider the allowance made by the Board
of Supervisors to maintain the Health De
partment for the fiscal year ending June
30,1897. The physicians comprising the
board hold that tbe sum appropriated is
wholly inadequate, and they therefore de
sire that the Supervisors should raise the
estimates and increase the allowance in
this particular respect.
In a statement for the public press for
mulated at the meeting last night it is set
forth that tbe persistent and successful
efforts of the press to reduce the tax rates
have resulted in taking from the Depart
ment of Public Health appropriations
which are vital to the City's welfare. The
powerful influence of the press is, there
fore, earnestly requested tc prevent a gross
injustice to the Health Department and a
serious calamity to the City.
The point is advanced that the tax rate
this year will be low — $105 on the hun
dred dollars — and that the total amount of
mun icipal expenses will be over $5,000,000.
It is cited that the Health Department is
allowed but $25,000, but that $25,000 more
earnestly asked for would only raise the
tax rate to $1 05>£. In other words, the
Board of Health asks that at least 1 per
cent of the City's expenses should be de
voted to preserving the health of its
340,00 C inhabitants.
Reference is made in tbe statement to a
meeting held at the Chamber of Com-
merce, and the written petition, signed by
a ereat number of taxpayers, nearly all
the banking institutions and building as
sociation and a great number of mer
chants, recommending the Supervisors to
allow an increased appropriation. The
statement was that the petition was signed
by over half of the taxable wealth of the
Ciiy.
To prove that a question of patronage
is not involved the members of the Board
of Health will gladly turn over tbe entire
patronage which will be created to any
competent person or board, and aid every
effort to make its distribution non-parti
san and tbe appointments subject to a
civil service examination. The board
says: "We have found the patronage an
annoyance which rises to the dignity of a
curse."
Some interesting comparisons are made
in the manifesto of the Board of Health.
It is, said that the appropriation allowed
to insuie the health of 340,000 citizens is
less than what is paid annually to the
janitors who sweep out the City Hall.
It is only one-seventh of the $175,000
which is spent each year to maintain 1300
inmates of the City and County Hos
pital, Almshou?e and Pesthouse.
It is contended that this inadequate ap
propriation forces San Francisco to be the
only city cf its size in the civilized world
which is without an ambulance system.
In summing up all the calamities of the
insufficient allowance the Board of Health
says:
"In a word, this beggarly appropriation
means disease, disgrace and wholesale
murder. These are not empty terms. The
record shows them to be a conservative
statement of facts."
In closing, the address takes the ground
that the newspapers can avert the in
iquity by demanding $25,000 merely for the
Health Department. The additional
wants as expressed in the address are:
Eight good inspectors, $7200 a year, a
laboratory, $1800; chemist and assistants,
$2700; bakery Inspector, $900; patrolman
for canned coods, $900; three ambulances,
$3600; maintenance and equipment, $5000;
veterinary surgeon, $1800; bath and laun
dry inspector, $900; sewer inspector, $900;
insane, $500; Receiving Hospital, operat
ing tabln and instruments, $1500; clerk of
vital statistics, $900; additional office ex
penses, $2700.
The closing paragraph reads:
- We have secured the assistance of the peo
ple. We ask the aid of the press in this mat
ter, so vital to the welfare of the City— the
' public health of Sau Francisco— and we beg to
assure you in advance of our grateful thanks
for such aid, which will vastly lighten the la
bors we shall otherwise have to make to ac
quaint the citizens with tha conditions we
have outlined above, for we are dreadfully in
earnest, and we will surely and indelibly fix
the responsibility for the misfortunes of this
City in the matter of the health and physical
comforts of all its citizens, rich and toor
alike.
John F. Morse, a. J. Fitzgibbon, Henry H.
Hart, John M. Williamson— Board of Health of
the City and County of San Francisco.
AN ILLUSTRATED SERMON.
Key. Frank K. Baker of Epworth Met h-
odUt Church Vaea Oil Paintings.
Rev. Frank K. Baker, pastor of the Ep
worth Methodist Charch, corner of Twen
ty-sixth and Church streets, has intro
duced a novel feature into his Sunday
evening sermons, by exhibiting large oil
paintings of scripture scenes in connec
tion with his preaching.
The first of the series of illustrated ser
mons which Rev. Mr. Baker will preach
was delivered last night before a large con
gregation. The subject of last night's ad
dress was "Heart Hardening," and each
of the three causes of heart hardening—
the sins of contention, procrastination
and presumption, were illustrated by
large oil paintings, revolving upon a reel.
Contention was represented by a picture
of the spies holding up before the Israel
ites the grapes of Eschol. The death of
the spies who had caused the children of
Israel to murmur, represented the second
sin. Procrastination, the sin of presump
tion, was typified in the children of Israel
going up into Canaan against God's will.
On next Sunday evening a sermon, illus
trated by three large oil paintings, will be
delivered on the "Life of Christ."
WILL BE MORE COURSING.
First Meet at Ocean View Grounds Un
der tho New Management.
The Ocean View Coursing Park wil! re
open next Sunday under the new manage
ment, which consists of D. Dillon, P. J.
Riley, J. Cox and M. Tiernan, all old-time
coursing men and well-known throughout
the State.
A large meet is expected and probably
over sixty dogs will be entered. The en
trance will be ?1 50 for each doe, and $25
will be added to the stake. The drawing
will take place on Friday nicht at Delta
Hall. Besides a large number of dogs
from this City there will also be hounds
from San Jose and Port Costa entered in
the meet.
MEDALS FOR HANDBALL
Games in the Tournament Now
Going On and More to
Follow.
Several Exciting and Close Finishes
in the Three Courts Yes*
terday.
Handball is on the boom and many
player? who were comparatively unknown
a few months ago are coming rapidly to
the front. The tournament at the Occi
dental court is responsible in a large
measure for bringing this fact into notice,
and it is doing a good work for the manly
sport.
At the San Francisco court yesterday M.
McNeil and Phil Ryan, the proprietor,
had another tussle for supremacy. Each
chose a new partner, Ryan bavins R. Shea
and McNeil M. Manning. Three games
were played and they were possibly the
most exciting seen in the court, the final
being won by McNeil and Manning by one
ace. McNeil eschewed French dinners,
which put him in better condition than
on the previous Sunday, but Ryan was
foolish enough not to do any training for
the event, imagining that the Nicasio air
would have a permanent effect.
Another clever game was played, the
participants being J. Riordan and G. Dahl
against P. T. Donnelly and D. Connelly.
The former team won in three straight
games, but tliey were close and exciting.
Phil Ryan, in order to encourage the
sport among juveniles, has offered a gold
medal and a silver medal to be competed
for in his court. The medals have the ini
tials of the court on a cross-bar. Eight
boys have already entered for the compe
tition, which will commence in two weeks.
They are: J. Collins, R. Murphy, T. Fay,
W. Stansbury, M. Edwards, G. McGuire,
J. White and T. Ryan.
At the Union court an exciting game
was played between Terry McManus, one
of the proprietors, and J. Wren. Each
won a rub after some brilliant play, and
the final will be played next Sunday. The
event of the day was a game between J. J.
Feeney and R. Lenihan and J. Hariow,
ex-coast champion, and M. J. Kilgailon.
It was a rattling game, and was won after
a close finish by Feeney and Lenihan.
Following were the games played in the
courts:
San Francisco court— J. White and T. Ryan
defeated G. Dahl and M. Edwards, 21—14,
17—21, 21—20. W. Darius and J. Brown
deteated C. Butterfield and P. Barry,
21—15. 16—21, 21—19. W. Manning aad
M. McNeil defeated P. Ryan and Bob
Shea, 21—15, 18—21, 21—20. W. Stansbury
and J. Collins defeated R. Murphy and
M. Edwards, 21—15, 17—21, 21—20.
M. Edwards and W. Stanbury defeated O. Mc-
Guire and T. Fay, 21—15, 18—21, 21—19. J.
Lawless and J. McEvely defeated D. Connelly
and J. Siattery, 21—14, 16—21, 21—19. P.
Kelly andG. Hutchinson defeated A. Pennoyer
aud J. Kearney, 21-15, 13-21,21-19. J.
Riordon, coast champion, and G. Dahl defeated
P. Donnelly, amateur champion, and D. Con
nelly, 21-17, 20-21, 21-14.
Union court— R. Murphy and M. N&lly de
feated P. Prunty and J. Driscoll, 21—11. 16—
21, 21—12. W. P. Doran aud F. J. Freeman de
feated W. Heffernan and C. Doran, 21—17,
15—21, 21—18. Terry McManus and J. Wren
played and each won a rub. Tim Sullivan and
F. Crane defeated J. Burns and P. J. O'Brien,
21—16, 14—21, 21—11. James O'Donnell and
Tim Jordan defeated Professor Lynch and O.
Henry, 21— 9. 13— 21, 21—3. J. Howard and
George McGuire defeated M. Basch end J. Ho
gau, 21—16, 14—21, 21—8. William McManus
and J. Freeman defeated R. Patterson and O.
Rowan, 21—18, 17—21, 21—15. J. J. Feeney
and R. Lenihan defeated J. Karlow and M. J.
Kilgallon, 21—18, 16—21, 17—21, 21—19,
21—16.
The tournament for the General Wall
medals was continued at the Occidental
Court yesterday. The place was well
filled with spectators, who applauded
some of the exciting finishes to the echo.
In the first class Lenihan's overhand
swiping fame advances him another peg
toward medal honors by defeating Ed
Maloney— sl to 40. In the same class John
Purcell defeated Al Hampton— sl to 45.
The other games were in the third and
fourth classes and resulted as follows:
R. O'Connor defeated B. Clements, 51 to
48; W. Collins defeated F. Haynes, 51 to
45; W. Cronan defeated P. F. Dunne, 51 to
46; C. Kane defeated G. Green, 51 to 42.
The regular meeting of the club will be
held next Friday evening. After the
meeting there will be exhibition games.
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH.
K. H. Stackpole Knocked Down by an
Electric Car.
F. H. Stackpole, who resides at 37 Jessie
street, was knocked down by an electric
car on Broadway, near Kearny street, last
evening and received several cuts on ths
head and shoulders.
Stackpole, who was intoxicated at the
time of the accident, started across the
street toward the County Jail aud walked
directly in front of a car. He was struck
and dragged several feet before the car
could be stopped, but fortunately escaped
being fatally injured. Stackpole was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, where
his wounds were dressed.
A third of the land surface of the earth
is covered with forests.
THESE NEITHER FOR
SILVER NOR GOLD
The Labor Exchange Hopes
to Revolutionize Cur
rency.
GIVE VALUE FOR VALUE
The Worth of a Man's Daily
Toil Is Recorded on
Paper.
TO BUILD HEADQUARTEES HERE
There Are Now One Hundred and
Sixty Flourishing Branches in
the Country.
The Labor Exchange, an organization
intended to lighten the burdens of the la
boring man by depriving the over rich of
excessive profits, is rapidly gathering a
large membership. More than 400 people
in San Francisco have joined, among them
being laboring men, artisans, merchants
and professional men. The organization
is contemplating the building of head
quarters here in the near mture.
One remarkable feature of the organiza
tion is the fact that it claims that it is
doing effective work quietly. It says
little, but continually saws wood.
The Labor Exchange was organized
about four years ago in Missouri by G. B.
de Bernardi. When a boy he felt that
something was wrong with society and set
about to remedy the condition, finally
evolving the prese nt system embodied in
the Labor Exchange. From the nucleus
started near the Mississippi a powerful and
wide-extended society h as grown.
The San Francisco branch is now two
years old. This ia one of the twenty
branches in California and of the 160 ia
the United States.
The main object is to pat the unem
ployed to work, and also to do away with
the present monetary system.
In each city there i? a building called a
depository, where a member brings the
fruit ot his labor — a load of farm produce,
a suit of clothes or a pair of shoes, elc.
For this he receives a check, correspond
ing somewhat to the greenback used in
United States currency. These checks are
marked with the same relative value as
coin, that is, in dollars and cents. With
this check he may buy whatever he pleases,
or store it away for future use. This check
bears the receiver's name and would be
tender only by him. When the checks
have been used they are canceled.
"Our checks," said R. Patek, chairman
of the building committee yesterday, "are
really worth more than legal tender, as
each dollar represents so much work be
hind it.
"The depository buys at wholesale and
sells at retail and the margins of the
transactions runs the establishment.
"We have learned the reason," be con
tinued, "from the capitalists and monopo
lists. We simply keep to ourselves the
profits that otherwise would go to them.
We get our most sympathy from the
ranks of the Populists. We have no as
sesments nor dues; only a dollar initiation,
fee that goes toward propaganda work.
"There are many merchants and land
lords who will accept these checks. Our
present officers are: Fred Clark, president;
Barnaby Dougherty, vice-president; C.
Warfield, manager; L. C. Clark, account
ant; Kinghorn Jones, secretary; and di
rectors, Dr. Betzel, R. Patek, Mr. and Mrs.
Ancker, Daniel O'Fitz, C. Gleeser, who ia
also State organizer.
"There has not yet been a failure in any
branch that has been started. At Sama
Paula three capitalistic concerns were
compelled to close their doors because of
the competition of local depository.
'•At our last meeting Friday night it was
decided to negotiate for a piece of land
suitable for building purposes on which
we will erect headquarters for the work.
"The movement is rapidly gamins pop
ularity, and we have in oar ranks soraa
prominent and substantial citizens of Saa
Francis co. "
In almost every country the howling of
a dog is regarded as a bad omen, generally
predicting death to some person of tho
household.
NEW TODAT.
NEW AND SECOND-HAND
SCHOOLBOQKS
BOUGHT,
SOLD,
EXCHANGED.
SECOND-fIANDSTATE BOORS
(GOOD AS NEW).
Primary Number Lesson 1 So
Advanced Arithmetic -.. 300
English Grammar.... ..300
Language Lessons .....200
U. S. History..... .......550
Smith's Primer of Physiology .....30a
new HIGH "SCHOOL books.
Gavley's Classic Myths SI. SO
Jennings Outlines Rhetoric. SI. no
Myers' Modern and M. History. .Sl. 5O
Allen's History of Rome.. SI. OO
M >■<•!•■ ' Eastern Nation and Greece SI. OO
Kolfe's Lady of the Lake 250
6x9 Bound Slates.... 5o
100 Pointed Slate Pencils 100
Van Nessßazaar
lull liuuuUUlUUI
Q BIG STORES
■VJ AND FACTORY.
1808 MARKET,
NEAR VAN NESS.
415 STOCKTON,
NEAR BUSH.
622 KEARNY,
_^ COR. COMMERCIAL
We advertise and we
sell clean, honest, lasting
furniture. Not a piece of
"cheap" furniture in this
store if we know it— "Red
Letter Days or no " Red
Letter Days."
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117 Geary Str««UWARDALL IS
OUT FOR FUSION.
The Populist State Leader
Is Ready for Any
Fair Dicker.
ALL WAITING EVENTS.
The People's Party Will Stick
to Watson Through
Thick and Thin.
SEWALL A CORPORATION MAN.
Populist Lead:rs Return From St.
Louis and Are Open to Demo
cratic Propositions.
The Populists and Democrats of Califor
nia are making sheeps' eyes at each other
as the fusion proposition daily rises into
higher view, and this interesting political
problem is daily being laid hold of by the
leaders of both parties with a firmer grip.
State Chairman WardaU and other lead
ers of the Populist party in California got
back yesterday morning from St. Louis.
. -They were ail tired out from the trip, and
frothing of political importance resulted
from their return beyond the fact that the
Populist leaders are ripe and eager for
. pome proposition for fusion from the Dem
ocrats in this State first on Presidential
■ electors, second on Congressmen, and
third on the State legislative ticket.
Chairman Alford of the Democratic
Etate Central Committee displayed b,is
eagerness for party fusion in an interview
published m yesterday's Call and yester
. day Chairman Wardall of tbe Populist
State Central Committee, who had just re
turned from St. Louis, stated that he was
. in favor of fusion if it could be brought
about without a sacrifice of Watson and
with a fair recognition of the claims of the
Populist party in California.
The political problem of fusion between
• the Democrats and Populists in this Stats
"depends mainly en the following two
things: First, the understanding that may
. be arrived at within the next few days by
Senator Jones and Marvis Butler and the
two National committees, and, second, on
the understanding that may be arrived at
within the next week or two as a result
of the informal connubiating between
' State leaders that is already going on and
which will remain in operation for a short
time.
The Democratic and Populist parties in
this State are waiting to see what the Na
tional party authorities are going to do
about Sewall and "Watson, and they stand
at attention awaiting orders from the Na
tional party authorities. The leaders of
both parties are ready to so to discussing
party equities or to shaking dice, as the
party leaders did in North Dakota, as soon
as any proceeding declares the fusion
game onen.
E. M. Wardall, chairman of the Popu
list State Central Committee, returned to
San Francisco flrom St. Louis yesterday,
in company with Taylor Rogers, John C.
Gore, James A. Johnson, John S. Dore of
Fresno, and other membertof the delega
tion. T. V. Cator arrived on the morning
train.
The attitude of the Populist party of
California in the present was fairly well
expressed in the following interview with
State Chairman E. M. Wardall:
"I don't like to say much about the sit
uation in advance. Our people are straight
middle-of-the-road people and I cannot
pyeak for them, bnt I can say that I be
lieve that some satisfactory arrangement
will De made with the Democrats in this
State. Our State executive committee
will meet next Tuesday and then the im
portant matters about the party policy
will be decided.
"We are waiting to see what tbe Na
tional committees will do. We expect
. that Sewall will resign. That is what
should be done to clear the way for fusion.
I don't believe that anything anthentic as
to what Sewall will do has transpired. 1
recognize the gravity of the situation, and
I also realize, that it is unlikely that we
will get toeether unless Mr. Sewall with
draws. We know that Tom Watson will
get three votes in this State to Sewall's
one, and we feel that if we keep our man
in the field the silver Republicans and the
workingmen wiil support our ticket.
"We are willing to meet the Democrats
on a fair proposition concerning both
electors and Congressmen. It must be re
membered that Sewall has nothing in com
mon with the laboring people — the masses.
He is a banker, a railroad president, a
member of a number of corporations and
a shipowner, and one who is very unpopu
lar with seamen.
•'His presence on the ticket is found to
antagonize the labor element and to en
danger tue interests of ±sryan. I think I
that the outcome will be that Sewall will
be -withdrawn. That is what ought to be
done.
"I will not, however, throw a straw in
the way of fusion. We will either agree or
disagree. But we will elect Bryan any
way." ________^___
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
Marked Falling Off in Trans
actions for the Month of
July.
SMALL PEOPEETIES SELLING.
Handsome Pamphlet Descriptive of
Ihe City and Port of San
Francisco.
1/ the Board of Supervisors adopts the report
of the Hnance Committee fixing the tcx
levy at $1 05 then this year's tax rate
will be a very reasonable one. The State rate
has been fixed at 40 cents thus matting the
total rate $1 51, a reduction of % per cent from
tliat of 1895.
The eflect on the real estate market should
te beneficial and perhaps it will.
The market is certainly in need of a t>timu
laut of some kind, for although now and then
a dealer is found who says that business is
good, or improving:, or has lome similar state
ment to make, yet the records, which are the
only real guide to the condition of the market,
show that transfers are steadily declining in
both number atid amount.
Mngre's Real Estate Circular for last month
nhows that during the month of July there
were 207 transfers of tho aggregate value of
$758,214. In July, 1895, there were 207
ira infers of the apgreeate value of $1,188,958.
This is a falling off oi 36 per cent in the aggre
gate value of transfers lrom a year ago In
June of the present year the number of trans
fers was 241, a smaller number by thirty-six
than In July, yet the aggregate value was
$916,236, or $158,022 (about 15 per cent) more
than the aggregate value of July's transfers.
This indicates : that ' there is more business
being done in the sale of small properties than
in large ones. In the nature of things, values,
generally speaking, will not . probably go
lower, no matter whether the country is
placed upon a silver basis or remains as it is.
The wisdom oi those who invest now must be
apparent, and the owner of a few hundred or
a few thousand dollars who judiciously in
vests his money in real estate affords an ex
ample to timid capitalists that the latter with
all their credited shrewdness might perhaps
emulate to advantage. ■
The building record for July is in keeping
with the real estate record, as the following
figures, taken from Wolfe's Building Review,
will show: •
Number of contracts and value of same filed
during the month 61 July during the past ten
years: . ;
Year. No, Vain*.
1887 87 .....$ 308,900
18V8 .. . . 86.... 90(5,b00
1889 ' ... 90 i 451,100
1890 '.'.'. 161 1.211.375
1891 155 825,115
1893 93............. 445,670
1893 ... 74 838,283
1894 .. .. "■ 70 .......... 401,538.
1895 :..:...:::::: u5..:.....'..... - 463,042
1898 87 411,144
Totals for the first seven months of each
year for ten years are as follows: •
Year. No. Value.
1887 674 .$4,092,560
1888 677 3,774,787
1889 . 755 ............ 4,636,650
1890 ...! 1.... ..... .1056 7 ' 2ol '?Hc
1891 936..... Er.6BSB
1892 • 6°l 3,633,109
1893 Mr::::::::::::::::: Wai:: :.. 5359,339s 359,339
1894 664.. 3,026,616
M:E™~ttHE:BBBSS
189ti ■•.*."."."*..""" "7.. 624....... 31690.494
Advance sheets of Magee's Real Estate Cir- \
cular for July contain the following in regard
to. the money market: , .
The demand for money was not strong last
month. The banks prefer small to large loans.
Some of them, with the object of keeping a
large surplus on hand, will not now grant
large loans. Indeed, some of them are not now
lending at all. There was a time not long
since when/ as we then stated, there was hope
that our savings banks would resume loans in
the country. There is not now the slightest
hope of that, and borrowers there must pay
the country bank rates of 9 to 11 per cent.
The rates here are G A l to 7 per cent, the .sav
ings banks paying the mortgage tax. The
total number of City real estate mortgages re
corded last month was 369. of the total value
of $933,120, while there were 199 releases of ;
mortgages, of the value of $469,496. Of the !
total mortgages last month 132 were given to
private individuals; they had a value of ,
$226,105.
EEVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
Last week was a light oue all around in the
matter of transactions recorded. There werc
ninety-one transfers filed.
The number of mortgages recorded was sixty
three, aggregating $116,995. The principal
ones, together with the security given, were:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
for one year at (i} 4 per cent, $10,000, on prop
erty at "the soutneast corner of Mission and
Fourteenth streets, east 160 by south 170; aud
by the same, for one year at 6J£ Der cent,
$10,000, on property at the southwest corner
of Eighteenth and Harrison streets, north 197,
west 134:3, north 33, west 53, north 164,
east 187:3.
There were only nineteen releases recorded
last week, aggregating $93,225. The only
large ones were:
By Amanda C. Harris to Elizabeth I. Ryer,
$20,100 on property on tne south line of Mar
ket street, 100 feet west of Third, west 25 by
south 100; and by Laura Hirshfeld to Gustav
Harsbali, $43,000 on property on the north
west line of Howard street, 275 feet northeant
of Sixth, northeast 31 :3 by northwest 80; also
property at the southeast corner of Market and
Fourteenth streets, northeast 131, southeast
100, southwest 14:0J B ,west 153:10Jj, and prop
erty at the east corner of Sherwood place and
Third street, southeast 70 by northeast 80.
Eisht building contracts calling for an out
lay of $30,800 were filed last week. The par
ticulars were, as usual, published in The Call
at the time of filing.
MISCELLANEOUS KOTES.
O'Farrell & Co. are preparing » catalogue nf
miscellaneous properties, which they will offer
at auction August 20.
A. M. Speck & Co. resort the sale of a lot,
25x110, and three flats on Waller street, near
Steiner, for $6500; of a house and lot on
Haight street, near Webster, for $5500; of tbe
lot, 22:6x82:6. and house at 1826 O'Farreli
street, for $4500, and of a house aud lot, 20x
75, on Tehama street, near Eighth, for $2500.
Tfle same firm has rented the building on the
southeast corner of Van Ness avenue and
Grove street to Mrs. F. V. Cook as an apart
ment house ai $200 a month.
Charles J. Campbell, who has for several
years been employed by Will E. Fisher & Co.,
has opened a general real-estate office at 224
Montgomery street, next to the Mills building,
under the firm name of Charles J. Campbell
& Co.
Easton, Eldndge & Co. will hold an auction
sale the 18th of this month, at which a miscel
laneous list ol properties will be offered. They
will elso on the 22d bold au auction sale on
the Murphy ranch, in Santa Clara County, at
which about 350 seres of this very desirable
land will be offered. A special excursion
train will bo run from here on the day of the
sale and there will no doubt be a large crowd
taken down. There were over 1200 people in
attendance at the last sale and the lands sola
for good prices. The portion to be sod will be
offered in parcels of ten acres and upward.
J. N. Kinney recently purchased me entire
real-estate holdings in this City of what was
once known as the Distilling and Cattle Feed
ing Company, tetter known as the ''whisky
trust." The "following is a list of the proper
ties and the prices they were disposed of: A
lot, 120x275, on the northwest corner of Scott
and Lombard streets, sold for $6000. Six 50
-vara lots in block 415 of the Western Addition
brought $21,000. For two pieces on Eigh
teenth avenue south and H street south, 75x
200 and 200x400, respectively. $4100 was
realized. A lot ou Eighteenth street south and
«j sold for $1800. Lot, 138x174, on Nineteenth
avenue south, nenr H street, went for s4so,
making in all $33,500.
Sol Getz & Bro. have made the following
sales recently : Lot and improvements 25x100
on north line of Fell street, 25 feet west of
Scott for $7000; a lot 50x120 on east line of
Twelfth avenue, 255 feet south of California
street for $1500; a lot 25x100 on south line of
California street, 32:6 east of .Fifth avenue for
$900; a lot 75x120 on west line of Nineteenth
avenue, 225 feet north of Point Lobos avenue
for $1800; a lot 50x120 on west line of Forty
second avenue and T street lor $200; a lot
57:6x100 on northeast corner of Thirty-eighth
avenue and V street for .$300; a lot 50x100 on
north line of A street, 82:6 feet east of Nine
teenth avenue for $800.
Edwin K. Alsip & Co. sold and exchanged last
week a house and lot at Belmont, owned by Mr.
Osborne, to C. E. Dugan for $6000; lots of W. A.
Brown to same, $7100: A. Lepk Jose, 22 acres
of land in Napa County, to A. E. Potter, $5500;
lots in San Jose, $2000.
The San Francisco Chamber of Commerce
and -the Board of Trade have just issued
a very handsome illustrated pamphlet descrip
tive of the interesting features of this City in
particular and of the State in general. It is in
tended for free distribution Among visitors to
this City, and is for the purpose of calline to
the attention of strangers the various points
and places of interes t in and around San Fran
cisco, as well as to guide them in spending
their time to the best advantage when sight
seeing here.
One page in front is devoted to condensed
statistical information concerning California.
Following are three pages of statistical matter
in regaid to thlsClty, following which is several
pages of reading mutter descriptive of the
points of interest about the City. Scattered
through the book are about thirty hali-tone
engravings of the scenic oeauties of San Frau
cisco. The cover is handsomely designed, and
on tne front page, worked in the design, is
'The City and Port Of San Francisco, Califor
nia." The work is an excellent specimen of
the printer's art, while the matter it contains
is of incalculable benefit to strangers.
There is no advertisine of any description in
the book. It is intended to distribute the
book free through the rooms of the State
Board of Trad? as well as other suitable chan
nels.
The credit of compiling and superintending
the printing of the work belongs to a com
mittee consisting of Colonel Will E. Fisher,
the well-known real estate man, chairman,
and Hugo D. Keil and A. G. Towne. If well
distributed it should prove instrumental in
adding to the City's population.
LOVE'S EXPERIENCE.
He Was Swindled Oat of His Money at
Studhorse Poker.
John Campbell, a bunco-steerer, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by De
tective Graham on the charge of grand
larceny.
About six weeks ago Thomas Love, a
visitor from the country, was steered by
Campbell and a companion to a house on
Geary street, between Powell ( and Mason,
and he was victimized out of $80 at stud
horse poker. : % V
Love notified the police, but Campbell
and ; his friend had left the City. ■ Detec
tive Graham arrested Campbell, who had
returned, on Friday nluht, and yesterday
morning Love picked him out from other
prisoners at the City Prison. -
• — ♦ — *. .
School supplies, including slates, pencils,
paper, pens, ; ink, tablets, ■ composition-books'
lunch baskets, etc., at current prices. Sanborn'
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
■■ - >■':■--''/ ' . • — •> — *
i Twenty-one per cent of men employed
in our merchant service are unable to
swim. *:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
COUNCIL OF THE
GREAT CHIEFS,
Red Men Will Assemble
in This City on Tues
day Next.
INCREASE TO BE SHOWN
A Contest Will Be Made for the
Office of Great Junior
Sagamore.
BRIEF HISTORY OF THE ORDER
Entertainment for the Representa
tives — Annual Sessions of the
Councils of Pocahontas.
The Great Council of California of the
Improved Order of Red Men will meet in
thirty-first session on the fourth sun,
sturgeon moon, li. S. D , 405, which in or-
GREAT CHIEFS OF THE IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
d inary English means, Tuesday, the 4th
of August, in Council Hall, Red Men's
building, on Post street, opposite Union
square. The council will be in session
several days.
The chiefs and representatives com
menced to arrive in this City yesterday
and the indications are that there will be
a large representation of the order.
The reports will show that since the last
Grand Council there were adopted 736 pale
faces, 27 members were admitted by card
and 40 were reinstated. The loss by death
was 27 and by suspension 380.
A new tribe composed exclusively of
the order of Foresters of America and se
lected from among the very best class of
Foresters, has been formed. This will
number fifty and make the net gain 361
Red Men during the year.
During tne year the expenditures were:
For benefits, $15,000; burial, $31,000, and
for other purposes ?33,000. The tribal in
vestments amount in the aggregate to
$125,000,000.
Th 9 increase in the great reservation
was, during the year, 200 tribes and 12,000
members.
The Rev. Josiah Sims of Nevada will be
the next great sachem, F. A. Whipple will
be great senior sagamore and there-elec
tion of Charles F. Burgman, great cuiei of
records, 'who has held the office three
years, is practically conceded. The great
contest will be for the office of great junior
sagamore. For this office the following
candidates are in the field: James Hagan
of Winnemucca No. 61, George W. Collins
of Montezuma No. 77, F. D. Brandon of
Pocahontas No. 11, Samuel Berreli of 03b
onee No. 78 and A. K. Robinson of Miami
No. 55.
The following is the programme of en
tertainment during the session:
Tuesday, 10 A. M.— Kindling of the Great
Sun Council fire ; address of welcome to the
representatives by Past Sachem F. D. Brandon,
chairman of committee of arrangements; re
sponse by Great Sachem A. Jackson; rendition
of adoption degree by the competitive mem
bers of Modoc Tribe No. 57, Arapahoe Tribe
No. 76 and Montezuma Tribe No. 77, at 8 p. m.,
Union-aquare Hall.
Wednesday— Grand reception and ball at
Native Sons' Hall.
Thursday— Grand banquet, Union-square
Hall.
Tho great chief of records being asked
why the name of Red Men was assumed,
answered: "To answer this question we
have to call to mind a bit of history con
nected with the early struggle of the
American colonies. Every one is familiar
with the injurious acts of the mother
country which finally forced the colonists
into the struggle for independence, result
ing later in the establishment of the
United States of America— the naviga
tion act, which effectually ruined tbe
shipbuilding industry of the colonies; the
acts which made the manufacture of home
products impossible; the quartering act
and stamp act, which successively called
forth the fiercest indignation and resent
ment among the colonies — and societies
were formed to create a powerful resist
ance against these injurious aggressions.
Among these stood prominently the St.
Tamina Society, previously known as the
Sons of Liberty. The various branches of
this society, in carrying out the active
i scheme of their propaganda, adopted the
j guise of Indians, to which the occurrences
of December 16, 1773, in Boston, known as
the 'Boston Tea-party,' and repeated in
one or two instances during the early part
of 1774, bear witness.
After the close of the Revolutionary
War these societies, having accomplished
their object, namely : the freedom of their
country from monarchical rule, became
less prominent in public affairs as organ
ized bodies, and it was not until the agita
tion among the people arising from the
difference of opinion in regard to adopting
a permanent form of government became
the all-absorbing topic among all classes
made it necessary, in their opinion, for
their consolidating their ranks, that they
again assumed a commanding influence.
Principally to Drevent the plans formu
lated by a society of distinctly aristocratic
tendencies and regarded as harmful to the
liberty and welfare of the people known as
the "Society of Cincinnati." The first
constitution of the Sons of St. Tamina (or
Tamanend), a famous Indian chief, de
clared it was formed to "connect in in-
dissoluble bonds of friendship, American
brethren of attachment to the political
rights of human nature and the liberty of
the country."
During the war of 1812-14 the members
of the Tammany Society, under which
name it had been incorporated in New
York in 1805, offered their services in de
fense of the city of New York, and re
paired in a body to the forts, and there
performed patriotic service in defense of
the country. In other cities, notably
Philadelphia, similar acts of patriotism
were performed in the manning of Fort
Mifflin by the junior artilleries. Here the
reorganization of the society upon a fra
ternal and benevolent basis was effected,
while St. Tammany of New York lapsed
into a distinct political party organization.
It will be noticed that the title of Red
Men had not entered into the nomencla
ture of the famous Taniina (or Tammany)
societies. When reorganization was de
sired along the lines of original affiliation,
and to add to patriotic principles the prac
tices of charity and benevolence, to make
the perpetuity of the society more endur
ing, »nd to bring under its protective shel
ter members from all classes of popula
tion, it was natural that a new name
should be selected. 'Ihe desire to main
tain the features taken from the manners
and customs of tne Indians during the
revolutionary struggles suggested the
name of "Red Men," and this name tne
organization, formed at Fort Mifflin,
adopted.
Branches of the Society of Red Men
were established in Maryland, Pennsylva
nia and New York and scattered over an
extensive territory, as far south as Charles
ton and New Orleans. In 1834 a concen
tration of all these different branches was
effected ; they were brought under a cen
tral governing body and the name changed
to Improved Order of Red Men. As a dis
tinctively American order, whose origin
and history were closely identified with
the birth, traditions and development of
the United States, it is but natural that its
ritualistic features, as well as its teachings
and principles, should be originally and
distinctively American.
The distinctive aims of the- order are:
"To strengthen in the minds of our fellow
citizens love of country and due regard for
its laws; to keep alive the principles that
animated the founders of the Republic
during the struggle for liberty ; to perpetu
ate the memory of that great race of abo
rigines destined to soon pass away, and
emulate their nobler traits of character,
their love of freedom, their unbounded
hospitality, their devotion to those who
had been kind to them; to extend a help
ing hand to the needy; to care for the sick
and distressed; to bury the dead and assist
the widow and orphan." . ■:
The Improved Order of Red Men in Cali
fornia was organized by the institution of
California Tribe No. 1 at San -Francisco,
November 9, 1863; Manhattan Tribe No. 2
at Somersville, Contra Costa County, Feb
ruary '4, 1866; - Hiawatha Tribe No." 3, Sep
tember 30," 1867, in"; San Francisco. -r Then
followed -in rapid succession, in 1868, the
institution of Manzanita No. 4, St. Tam
many No. 5, Iritaba No. 6, Yo Semite No.
7, Willamette No. 8, and: Miautonomah
No. 9. • '■' '■ . s '• ' .
tzSSSIm • .• ■ ■ .'
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
The Session of the Ladles' Branch
of the Order of Red
Men,
The fourth annual session of the Grand
Council of the Degree of Pocahontas will
meet in Red Men's Hall on Tuesday.
The Degree of Pocahontas was estab
lished as a branch of the Improved Order
of Red Men in 1886, and numbers at present
27,000 members, established in twenty
eight Stales in the Union. Its ritualistic
work is intensely dramatic and very beau
tiful, and, like that of the Improved Order
of Red Men, ia derived from the aboriginal
inhabitants of the American continent. It
therefore possesses additional charms and
attractions to all who love country and
leel an interest in its early history.
The great chiefs, Degree of Pocahontas,
are: Miss Mabel Curtis, great Poca
hontas, Nevada City; Mrs. E. T. Cruse,
great Wenonah, Stockton; Mrs. Jennie
Crase, great keeper of records, Grass Val
ley ; Mrs. A. E. GUI, great keeper of
wampum, Sacramento; Mrs. E. Brocking
ton, great Minnehaha, Grass Valley; Miss
Carrie Johnson, great prophetess, San
Francisco.
During the year the Degree of Poca
hontas adopted 300 members.
WITH THE PLAYERS.
Attractions That Are Announced on the
Programmes for This Evening
at the Theaters.
To-night at the Baldwin Frohman's Em
pire Theater Company cive3 the comedy
drama, "The Benefit of the Doubt," which
is from the pen of the author of "Sweet
Lavender." This has been a great London
and Eastern success.
Chauncey Olcott, the young Irish come
dian, is to appear in the idyl, "Mavour
neen," at the California Theater. It will
be pat on the stage with fine scenery and
a eood cast, and during the evening Mr.
Olcott will sing several Irish songs.
Wilton Lackaye, having shelved Sven
gali for a time, will appear at the Colum
bia this evening in the character of Coionel
Woicott in "A Gold Mine." He will *be
supported by Louise ■] Thorndyke Bbuci
caulr,.wb.o will appear as Hon. Mrs. Mere
dith. :: '■■■ ■■-■'.•- "■• '.- ■ ■■
' The programme :of the  Grand Opera
house announces the presentation of : the
well-known success, "The Danites," with
James 'M. Bropby :; in •; the leading ' role, |
Alexander 1 McKee. May :. Nannary has
been specially engaged : for this produc
tion. *> ~ ;- ; '•• • ' ,
The attraction at the Tiyoli Opera-bouse
is the opera of "Paghacci," which will be
presented with a f strong ; company. " Miss
Nina Bertini Humphreys is cast for the
part of Nedda and Signor , Michelini is to
appear as Canio. " , ' - *»'
; The four Nelson ; sisters from South
America will ; be the : leading attraction ■at
the Orpheum Music Hall to-night. The
musical ,;* blacksmiths % and i ? the ■ ' "Black
Patti" and a number of ; others who : , are
artists in their line will appear. :
W There will ■ be an entertainment at the
Haight-street erounds this evening. San
do the strong boy, , will show his won
derful strength", and then there will be a
seance .•',; by Joe, the £ educated orang
outang. There will also be a concert. ■'•■
• — ♦ — «
j, - A French autograph collector says : the
signature of. Christopher Columbus can
always find a buyer at £800. '^.
Tj--:C';.'*.'t~..^lZ~l7'~. *^',*'"' 'Z '.'-'■ — "..' ■ ■'";.■■--.•.'■:. :
: Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris', 16 Grant avenue. • ' S -
THEIR FUN OVER
ALL TOO SOON,
Why the Lady School
teachers are Feeling
Sorrowful
OPENING OF THE YEAR.
Parents Are Jubilant — Children
Are Resigned to Their
Fate.
CONFECTIONERS ALSO GLAD.
Incidents of the First Day of the
Term— Some Classification
Changes, Etc.
To thousands of parents and pupils and
hundreds of teachers to-day is a red-letter
day. It is the opening day of the school
year in the public schools of San Fran
cisco. The teachers, married and single,
young and old, male and lemale, who
during the last six weeks have been
making the most of their vacation at the
springs, in the mountains and by the sea
side, have all returned to the City and
will to-day, reluctantly in many instances,
resume their professional duties.
If, though, the teachers are sorry that
the midsummer vacation is ended, the
parents of thousands of poor children are
sincerely glad. Many tired mothers are
relieved of a great responsibility, or,
rather, it is shifted from their shoulders to
that of the teachers.
So far as the children themselves are
concerned, they are like their teachers.
Those of them who are bright and studi
ous are only 100 willing to return to their
school studies and to nurse their ambi
tions. The idle, lazy and dull pupils, on
the contrary, detest their books and stud
ies even more, if possible, at the opening
of the terra than at its closing.
The opening of a term is a time when
the nervous system of principals are sub
jected to a severe strain. Classes must be
graded and organized and teachers are
clamorous for a change of grade or a more
desirable classroom. There are pupils to
be enrolled and others to be transferred.
In schools which were not graded on the
last day of the term there is great bustle
and activity and on the opening day the
last thing anybody thinks of doing is
teaching.
Now that it is finally determined not to
disturb the Webster Primary School a
brisk contest is under way for the princi
palship of the LeConte Primary on Powell
street, between Washington and Jackaon.
It was the original intention to give the
appointment to Miss Mary M. Murphy,
principal of the Jefferson Primary, but now
the conditions are changed. Miss Murphy
is still anxious to be transferred from Te
hama street to Powell, but it is now un
certain if she will be. Miss Daisy Crowley,
the daugnter of the Chief of Police and the
present principal of the Stanford
Primary, would also line to go to the Le
Conte.
So, too, would Miss Minnie G. Stebbins,
the acting principal. Miss Josephine
Saunders, a teacher in the Redding Pri
mary ; Miss Martha M. Galloway, a teacher
in the Cooper Primary, and Miss Eliza
beth M. Graham, a teacher in the Horace
Mann Grammar, are also candidates for
the position. Who will get it remains to
be seen, but the battle is believed to be be
tween Miss Crowley and Miss Stebbins. In
the event of Mips Crowley's succes there
would be a vacant principalship at the
Stanford Primary.
With its appropriation of only $1,000,000
the school sages will be compelled to be
economical during the ensuing year. The
idea of reducing teachers' salaries is not
entertained by any of the Directors, who
realize the unpopularity of such an action.
Retrenchment must come, though, in
some direction, and just where is the point
which is now bothering the brains of the
Board of Education.
It has been suggested that a lot of spec
ial teachers be dropped from the payroll
of the department and that the manual
training at the Polytechnic High School
be curtailed or temporarily suspended.
The principalship of the San Francisco
Normal School is vacant, it having been
successfully conducted since the death of
the late James G. Kennedy by Miss Laura
T. Fowler, the vice-principal. It may be
filled and it may not, but the name of
Mrs. Mary W. Kincaid, who in former
years was at the head of this school, has
already been suggested as a candidate for
the principalship. Several of tee direc
tors, while personally favorable to the
claims of Mrs. Xincaid, hold that under
the existing stringent financial conditions
it would be folly to fill the vacancy and
thus increase the salary expense by some
$2400 a year.
It is claimed that it would be both wise
and economical to continue the school for
at least another term under the adminis
tration of Miss Fowler, who, as has been
said, has given general satisfaction.
Miss Elizabeth E. Crowley, a teacher in
the Hamilton Grammar School, is ambi
tious to become a principal and has her
eye upon the Mission Grammar School in
case Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, the principal,
should take a notion to resign.
The opening of the term is marked by
the introduction of a few new features in
the line of instruction. A high school
class has been established at the Business
Evening School, E. C. Kilpatrick, rlrinci
pal, and evening classes will be formed, if
possible, in the Franklin Grammar aud
the Mission Grammar. These will be
temporarily under the tuition of Richard
D. Faulkner, principal of the Franklin,
and Selden Sturges, vice- principal of the
Horace Mann.
For their services they receive only $10Ja
month extra pay, and the idea is to keep
the evening schools, so far as possible,
under the tuition of trained day school
teachers.
Two of the classes of the Horace Mann
Grammar are to be transferred to the
Haight Primary and three high school
day classes will be established in the up
per story of the Horace Mann. Miss Ada
Goldsmith of the Broadway Grammar has
been appointed as one of the teachers.
The other two have not yet been selected.
It is expected tli :it the hew rules, lately
adopted by tne Board of Education, will
soon be in print and in the hands of the
teachers, who wiJl then get a chance to
■tudy them.
Two teachers at least will return to their
respective class rooms with light hearts
and peaceful minds. At the close of the
term they were single ladies, now they are
married, and despite the rule to the con
trary, they are generously permitted by
the Board of Education to retain both
their positions and husbands. The names
of these ladies are Mrs. Marquis, formerly
Miss Metcalf of the Haight Primary, and
Mrs. Wallace, formerly. Miss Harper,
Mission Grammar. V
Ail Irish x-yaugelist Speaks.
Thomas A. Bailey of Cork, the Irish Evan
gelist, who arrived iv New York three wee*s
ago on his first vist to America, spoke in the
Y. M. C. A. building yesterday afternoon. His
subject was ; 'True Liberty," which he denned
as spiritual liberty, freedom from sin and trom
bad habits. He is charmed with his reception
in this country, Soon after his arrival he was
made an honorary member of the Y. M. C. A.
of this country. Mr. Baiiey is a man past mid
dle life and was once a soldier in the British
army. He ia accompanied by his wife. To
night he will speak again in Y. M. C. A. Hall.
SCARED BY A BAND.
Dr. A. P. McCarthy's Horse Bolt* and
He and His Collector Are Thrown
Out of the Buggy.
Dr. J. P. McCarthy, dentist, 1104 Market
street, and William Burnhams, his col
lector, were thrown from a bi^gy at
Market and Powell street yesterday after
noon, and both were injured.
Dr. McCarthy had just started off from
his office in a rig which he had procured
from the Foxhall stable?, when the horse
got frightened at a passing band of music
and bolted. The doctor clung to the reins
with all his strength, but the frightened
animal continued in its mad flight.
At Market and Powell streets the wheels
of the buggy struck a telegraph pole and
the doctor and Burnhams were thrown
out. The horse ran on and collided with
a cable-car, which had the effect of throw
ing it upon its haunches, and Policeman
Royston, who was close at hand, seized it
by the bridle and kept it in subjection.
The doctor was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Bunnell stitched and
dressed a slight wound in his forehead.
He also appeared to be suffering consider
ably from the shock to his system. Burn
hams was able to walk to the drugstore
on the corner, where two or three cuts on
his hands wer dressed. The dashboard of
the buggy was broken and one of the
horse's legs was cut.
ATCHISON REORGANIZED,
Fixed Charges Are Reduced
and Money Is
Earned.
California Connections Through the
Atlantic and Pacific May Bs
Psrpetudted.
W. H. Rossington of Topeka, Kas.,
Western attorney of the Union Trust
Company of New York in the reorganiza
tion of the Atchisom Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway, has been in San Francisco
during the past week. In the great scheme
of readjustment, which involved the
transfer of stocks, bonds and securities
representing $250,000,000, the Atlantic and
Pacific was not joined with the Atchisou,
although it does not follow in the final
settlement of affairs that the interests of
these companies shall be separated. The
fixed charges of the Atohison, Topeka and
Santa Fe have been so reduced that the
road is now earning money.
Leading railroad men and attorneys re
gard the success of the reorganization as a
remarkable achievement. Much credit is
said to be due to Uuited States Judge '
Caldwell. If he had not displayed great
firmness as well as judicial wisdom the
professional railroad wreckers of Wall
street would have made sad havoc with
the vast properties.
According to Mr. Rossington's view the
Atlantic and Pacific Company is in a po
sition to defend its California connections.
The company is not compelled to sell its
road from Mojave to the Colorado River
or sell the line from the river to Albu
querque. It is possible to re-establish and
perpetuate close relations with the Atchi
«on, Topeka and Santa Fe.
In the negotiations for control of the
Atlantic and Pacific the Huntington in
terests may be shrewd enough to shut out
the Atchison from the Southern California
field. In that event tne Atchison would
ne forced to establish an independent line
to the facitic Coast. The old original
promoters of the Atchison system always
looked forward to a line from Chicago to
San Francisco. At one time bonds for the
extension of the road to San Francisco
could have been readily sold at a high
figure. It is now thought that the exten
sion will be advocated as soon as tne
doubt 3 and uncertainties attendinc the
present business depression are dispelled.
MEW TO-DAY.
Aine\WWefi?
Are You as Strong and
Healthy as You Wish
to Be? If Not Try
Dr. San den 's
Electric Belt.
This is not a teed lor one
cheap Belt It is r^vSj£. year, and th«
no i a toy, and is l-^f »\^*~ electric cur-
sold wholly on J>tjCp »¥?'*■ rent Is war-
its own merits. tSl%isJs£-\ ranted, or we
Are your ■. nerves weak, your back ach-
ing, your bowels constipated? Have you
pains over your ; kidneys and: down into
your groin? Do you feel tired when you
go to bed and worse when ; you get up in
the morning? Are you sluggish and lazy,
when you ought to be bright and active?
These and many other symptoms tell the
need of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Chronic Constipation.
"Say Fbancisco, July 15, 1896. ■';—
"When I first bought your Belt I had ; been ■
afflicted with chronic const ipation for years go-
ing regularly two and three days without action.
I was troubled with great paiu in my back. My
friends spoke of the deep lines denoting suffering
which were impressed in -my face. I, was stupid
and lacking in , ambition, and felt wearied all . the
time. I have now recovered my health through .
your Belt, and am free from all the above symp-
tom!', and am satisfied that your Belt has performed
a permanent cure of all my troubles." - '
GKO. V. BOTrEREK, 621 Bush street.
There Are Cures Daily.
Every day they are reported, and each
one from an honest man who has been re*
stored to health and wants others to share
the same • benefits. ; li st for you?; Do you
not need it? 7 How different it is from
medicine and all other remedies. Try it.
Head the book, free, sealed, by mail. Call
or address,
i£|; SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
; : 630 Market Street, San Francisco, •
Opposite Palace Hotel. Oilice hours: a a. M. to
' 8:80 p. M. : Sundays, 10 to 1.".
■ Consultation Free and Invited.
,' ; . OFFICES AT:
XiOS ANGELES, CAL., 1 ■■■ PORTLAND, OR.,
201 south Broadway. | 253 Washington street.
DADWAY'S
n PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and ■ reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion ; and absorption of ■ the : food, causa
a healthy action of the Liver and render the BowaU
natural Iv tneir operac ou without griping .
910
IN FRATERNAL BANDS
Official Assessment T»
le.
zee
ot = te c *
KAKIt Si 1 Is
-IE r : %
A. O. U. W-..[ 21-2! An?. 1 Aug. 28
Workmen sG. F... 11-2 Aug. 1 Aug. 28
Knights Honor.. 477-8-9-80; Aug. 1 Aug. 31
lU'vul Arcanum.... 230 Aug. 1 Aug. 31
American L. of H.. 368 Aug. 1 Aug. 31
K.AL.ofK 441-2 Aug. 1 An?. 31
National Union.... 11-12 July 1 Aug. 10
Chosen Friends.... 265 Aug. 1 Aug. 31
Chosen Friends 264 ! July 1 Aug. 15
KnghtsGoldn Eagle 131-2-3 j July 1 | Aug. 1
Order of the Eastern >tar.
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Carrie L. Peaslee
of Pasadena arrived in this City last Saturday,
and during her stay here will reside at 510
Geary street. On her way to this City she vis
ited several chapters, and everywhere she
went she was welcomed and was well enter
tained.
On Thursday next the worthy grand matron ;
will puy a visit to Golden Gate Chapter. A |
vreek from to-night she will visit Unity Chap- j
ter in Oakland, and on the 13th she wili visit :
Oakleat Chapter in the same city.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Capitol Lodge of save its sixth
ladies' night in I. O. O. F. Templelaßt Friday nlcht.
As i:s;ial there was a large attendance tirove L.
Johnson. P. G. R., delivered an address.
Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes returned to this City
on Saturday, after several weeks' absence in the j
Kast.
Last Thursday evening Oriental Kebekah Lodge
entertained the members of Pacific and Golden
Gate lodges In Memorial Hall. O.id bellows' i.uild- j
lue. There was a projrramme of song, music and ,
recitations-
The tweutj'-secon 1 anniversary of the org»niza- >
lion of Temp.ar Kebekah Lodge was celebrated in I
lice style in Memorial Hull las: Friday nisul.
Architect Herman is preparing ih<- plp.ns forthe j
proposed additions to the home in Thermalito and |
will submit them at the next meeting of the bo^rd j
of trustees.
Tbe lifteenth annual report of the officers and j
directors of the Odd Kel ows' Hal Association has j
been issneil In print form. It gives a complete re- i
sunie of income, expenditures and liabilities of the ■
association.
The rti^re-i: recently issued by order of the Sover- i
eign Grand Lodge, which was printed in Haiti- |
more, is typographically a neat production, but
ci her errors of compifaiion or of proof-reading
renders it, In many instances, of li;t!e value to the
for tin reason that a number of the sec
tions ure misleading.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
There has been a great demand for A. O. U. W.
buttons. More than fifty gross have already been
distributed.
\V. H. Barnes, P. M. W., who during an absence i
of several weeks visited the jurisdiction of Massa- I
cbusetts, and delivered many addresses, returned j
to this City last Saturday.
Edwin Danfo:th. P. M. W., will return to this!
City from the Eaat via "i ellpwstone Park on Sep
tember 1.
Next Wednesday evening Grand Recorder
Hirshberg will explain the classified assessment
plan and the legislation had on the same in the
.-•upreme Lodge to a meeting that will be held In
th>> hall of excelsior Lodge, in Excelsior Hall, on
MiB-*on street.
■lay evening, August 1L the grand recorder
will iiduress Unity Lod^e in relation to the change
in assessmen's
On the fir-t of September next an adjourned
meeting of the Grand Lodge will be held in *hiels'
building for.he purpose of putting into operation
the new assessment plan adopted. It is proposed
to make the new law operative as to new appli
cants by October 1 and to old members by Janu
ary next. This being an adjourned and not a spe
cial session no mileage will be allowed, but mem
bers Will be paid their per diem.
l.a-t Friday the grand recorder addressed a
lar;<e meeting of Occidental Lodge.
During the mon h of July there was paid out of
the beneficiary fund of tbe order the sum of
$60,000.
A new lndge is in process of organization in Wal
nut Grove, "-'acramento f'ounty.
J. B. l'owlj-r, P. M. \V., formerly of Arcata, has
taken up his residence in this City. Before leav
ing his former home he was. by Concord Lodge,
presented a gold badge of the P. M. W. degree.
Grand Overseer >chaffner will visi: Lam-port
Lodse to-morrow and Oliver Lodge at Middletown,
Lake County, on Wednesday.
Deputy Creenoush reports renewed activity in
Los Angeles County.
Grand Master Workman Vinter and Eugene N.
Deuprey, P. G. M.\V.,wlil address a meeting of the
lodges of districts one and two of Oakland in the
Chester-street Methodist Church on the 14th inst.
This will be an open meeting.
There was a great crowd at the entertainment in
Union Square Hall given last Wednesday by
Valley J odge. the hah being crowued to fts ut
most. The following programme was successfully
carried out: Introductory remarks, A. Heussler,
M. W.: music, Grennairs urchestra; vocal solo,
Miss Lulu Mep an; come: solo, Professor Gren
nan; song and dance, Hayes sisters; address, J. N,
Young, P. G. M.: Ideal mandolin and guitar
quint t, J. Kremer, M. Lewis J. Harris, J. Gon
zales and L. R. Isaacs: comedian on roller skates,
<it-orge Morgan: zither solo, Miss Frances Barr:
recitation, Hugh McMahon; character comedy,
•"Sidewalk Couver&a ions," by Lynion and Ku
dolph. A dance followed the entertainment.
Decree of Honor.
Tbe installation of lhe officers of Dawn of Hope
Lodge iv Oakland last week by Depu>y tva
Coogan was witnessed by visitors from Kansas,
who declared that it was the most perfect that
they had ever witnessed, and they have wit
nesaed many. Aitr the installation the retiring
officer was presented with a very handsome badge.
During the past fnur m.'U.hs fifteen members
. have joined the beneficiary branch of the order.
The Royal Arcanum.
Marion S. de Koco, deputy supreme regent of the
Royal Arcanum, in speaking of the article pub
lished last week drawing attention to the fact that
several orders hud changed the mode of assess
ments and that level assessments could not be
maintained, said:
The Royal Arcanum has not made any change
whatever either in Its assessments or Its rates, and
If the attitude of the supreme officers indicates
anything It does not propose to do so.
The article says: "Tue Royal Arcanum at its
last ses-ion discussed th^ matter of a change of
assessments and referred the matter to a commit
tee to present a plan at iis next session." And
that is substantially all it did. The Mipreme
Council Is coinpo3i (1 t f many men. each of whom
has his boboy. and not lacking for support per
h.•!■-<. To capture :i join; committee and saddle It
with certain views has been done before, but that
of itself does not alter the fact mat a committee is
not the Supreme Council. Thai the majority of
the Supreme council was oppotedtoa change I
am persuaded. That the report was received I be
lleve. That it was courteously considered and as
courteous! v "shelved" is apparent from the fo. low
lowing excerp : of the proceedings (p. 74, Bulletin;,
viz:
'■After discussion the joint committee was in
smicted to turn over to the supreme secretary all
reports, books, correspondence, tables and other
papers and documents relating to the statistics of
the order which it had accumulated in its investi
gations the past three years. The thanks of the
Supreme council were eiven the comruitiee for its
persi-tent endeavor and zeal in presenting its
work, said the intelligence manifested by the re
suits shown by its reports, not only this year but
last y< ar." L'nder these conditions the creation
of a committee "to bring the matter up next ses
si"n'" can be readily understood. And now a few
words cm our "membership" and -06116818 paid."'
We have in actual figures 185,384- Onr tot;d dls
FINANCIAL,
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS,
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leideedorff St., Tel. Main 1854.
BRANCH OFFICE ' - .
628 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. PUBOY, Manager, v. ...
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
' tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. - :
KHICA6U ru.lYA.lii. Wife* *'_W YORK,
bnrsements to June 30. 1896, were $36,095,653 30.
Tbe Royal Arcanum, in all its nineteen years, has
never exceeded sixteen assessments in any one
year, nor altered In any respect the plan and table
of rates devised by its founders. But ten assess
ments have been called 'or current year beginning
July 1, and out of the amount re.vllzed therefrom
there yet remains for July claims the sum of
•73.000.
Assessment 230 is delinquent August 31.
Argonaut Council met Monday evening last to
discuss among other questions the Grand Council
scheme. A fair attendance noted, with ail the war
horsps In line. The general trend of opinion was
to the effect that a grand body was not always a
desirable feature, and in this order especially, so
far as it appears in California. No definite action
was taken.
United Ancient Order of Druids.
The Supreme Grove will meet in Milwaukee,
Wis., this month. The representatives from Cali
fornia are Deputy Supreme Arch P. Rohrbacher,
E. L. Wagner and George W. Lovie, each a P. N.
G. A. Deputy Rohrbacher will be the next su
preme arch.
The grand officers will visit Mount Tarn al pals
Grove, at San Kafael, to-morrow.
On Saturday, July 25, Noble Grand Arch De
voto and other grand officers visited Madrone and
j Luis ac Canioens groves, which met in Joint bps- I
sion in Santa Cruz. There was a large attendance. |
On the following day the visitors were euests at a |
barbecue given by the groves. Addresses were j
! made Oy Brother Hohmann, the noble grand arch,
and P. Cavagnaro, P. N. G. A, The committee of
arrangements was composed of Varroza F. Fillp
pini, P. Scaroal and J. L. Bonito.
On Wednesday the noble grand arch, »ccompe.
nied by Deputy H. J. Uold>n, Grand Secretary
I Mollisoh and .-upreme' Representative Lovie, paid
I a visit to the grove in Mayh'eld, when one candi
| date was Initiated to show that this grove can do
j the work in a corrert and impretsive manner.
' Afier ihe business session there was a banquet,
: when addresses were made by the visitors and by
L. J. Weisshaar and J. Ducker of ilayfieid.
Within the past few days Norma Grove Initiated
one candidate and received two applications, Oak
! land received three applications and initiated two
candidates and Koma Grove initiated three candj
i dates and received four applications.
! The members of Boadicea and Golden Gate cir
cles have engaged a schooner for a sail around the
bay on tiie lbth of August. Golden (laic Circle
was organized a few months ago with twenty char
ter members, and now the membership is sixty.
A new circle is in process of organization In Oak
land.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Frank L. Coombs was in the City last week re
vising the proofs of the new ritual, which it is ex- I
i peeled will be ready for distribution by the middle j
j of the month.
i The members of National Parlor will give an
entertainment and dance to-morrow night.
i Grand Trustee R. C Rust has returned from his
i southern tour and reports all the parlors he visited j
j in a healthy tondition.
Tomale Parlor announces that it will parade on
the 9th of September with the finest banner in j
1 lino.
Grand Organizer Tatham will next pay a visit to
Monterey to reorganize a sleepy parlor there.
The follow iug-numed have been installed officers |
of Golden Gate Parlor: Otto Koeter. P.P.; J. J.
j Sweeney, P.: M. E. English first, W. S. Dennis j
: second, and J. J. Harrington third vice-president;
! H C. Pasqual, T.: Ado ph Eberhardt, S.; D. Wil-
I son, F. S.; H. Brandtjen, M.j and C. H. C'onnell,
trustee. This parlor has a membership of 197 and
! has $4459 In the treasury This parlor will have
i s headquarters in the front line at Stockton on
the 9tii of Sep ember.
■Bbc parlors of the Contra Costa district, General
Winn, .Mount Diablo, Central and Byron, will con
solidate for Admission day celebration.
The offii ers 01 Central Parlor were installed last
week by Deputy c. F. Montgomery, and after the
installation ; here was a pleasing evening's enter
tainment and a collation.
Grand President Gesford has issued his circular
relative to the Admission day celebration, which
is to be held in Stockton this year.
Among the visitors 10 the office of the grand
: secretary during the past week were the following:
I td. A. Major of Concord, Dr. I. & Titus of Sama ;
I Kosa, John 1 atham of Hollister, Judge K. C. Rust j
i of Amador, J. D. Norris of Centerville (grand out- I
I s de sentinel), D. F. Maher of Watsonville and G.
Weiss of Martinez.
California Parlor No. 1, the mother parlor, Insti
tuted in 1876. has a membership of 451 and
$li', 172 in its treasury, and that, after paying
$2666 in benefits last term. This parlor owns
stock in the hall of the value of $6405. Mission
Parlor, of which F. C. Gardes is president and J.
Ellison secretary, beats the mother parior In
finance by $400. It has a membership of 400.
James liockery and Ben Davis, having been
granted leave of absence, will attend the butchers'
barbecue in Stockton, and will then go to Yo
semite Valley to spend their vacation.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The printed report of the proceedings of the
Grand Parlor and the rituals will be ready for dis
tribution during the coming week, if the printer
concludes his work on time. The new constitu
tions are in the hands of the printers.
Past Grand President Miss Elizabeth A. Spencer
has returned to her home in Eureka, Humboldt
County.
Grand Vice- President Mrs. Belle Wlngfleld Con
rad of Sonora has taken up her residence at the
Arlington, Oakland, for a time.
Miss Mamie A. Ryan, president, and Miss
Ursula Ityan, a member of Verltas Parlor of
Merced, were among the visitors to Buena Vista
Parlor last Thursday.
.Mrs. Len.-v U. Mills of Joaquin Parlor of Stockton
is in this City.
Everything that a committee composed of ener
getic, go-ahead, fin-de-slecle, up-to-date young
ladies can do has been done to make a success of
the bazaar and sociul to be given in the banquet
hall of the Native .Sons' building by Golden Gate
Parlor on 1 hursd ay next in aid of its fla; fund.
The commjttee is composed of the Misses R. Day
(chairman), M. Maguire, L. Meyer, L. Uhlig, A.
Mayberry. F. yon Htaden and M. Ducker.
Last Mondas* evening the officers of Las Lomas
Parlor were installed by District Deputy Miss
Jennie Kelly, assisted by Miss Hannah Mack and
the Misses Emma and Anna Gruber of Urlnda
Parlor. The officers are: Miss J. -M oilier. P. P.;
Mrs. S. P. Da^gett, P.; Mrs. E. Knox, first vice
president; Miss Julia Mickey, second vice-presi
dent: Miss M. BnrK, third vice-president: Miss K.
Breiling, F. «.; Miss >:at le Farris, R. S.; Mi<s
M. E. Waters, T. ; Miss A. Schwartz. M . ; Miss W.
Niemau, Miss Ida Hailcr and Mrs. E. Scofield,
trustees; Miss E. McAllister, I. s.; Miss Hattie
(iiniple. O. s. Las Lomas Parlor will accompany
Hesperian Parlor, N. S. G. W., to Stockton on Ad
mission day.
Junior Order American Mechanics.
Henry C. Schaertzer, state councilor, A. R.
Smith and H. W. Phi! brook are a commifee
having charge of the getting up of an entertain
ment to be given by the Alexander Hamilton
Council in ShieP building on the 20th inst.
The council recently Instituted at Elmburst is do-
Ing quite weli. It will shortly admit ten candi
dates, that is as soon as they shall have passed the
pr bat ionary period and d>-nionstrated that they
are capable of understanding the obligations of
the orfler.
George A. Custer Council will gtve a high jinks
in Oakland on tbe 25th inst.
NaioLal representative D. 3. Stanley has re
turned to this City from a trip East.
Thr State of California has wen represented In
the gra 1 d council by the appointment of Henry C.
ischaenzer of this City on the committee on cre
dentials tor the next session.
Last Monday the members of Garfield Council
were enter. aincd by an interesting discussion on
the ilvfiques. ion. participated in by H. C. Fire
baugh. Dr. G. L. Fitch and others.
The July number of Our Country, the local
official orga not the order, has been issued. It is
enlarge... is much improved typographically and is
tilled vvi h matter that Is of importance to all who
take an interest in the order and its proceedings.
It is ably conducted under the editorship of btate
Councilor "schaerizer.
James A. Garfield Coui.ci! has elected: R. A.
Greier, C. ; C. <;. Xagle, "V. C. : James Christol, R.
S.; J. K. Kucker, A. R. S.; J. ,s. Huponan, F. S.;
J. M. Patrick, T. ; W. Weed, conductor; George M.
Fis^e. W.: 8. M. Gohrell. I. S.: T. T. Burnett, O.
8.; W. W. Pierce, Josenh K. mball, T. T. Burnett,
trustees.
John Adams Council of Los Angeles has elected:
J. W. Gibraitb, C. : J. S. Bernard, V. C: E. K.
Bradley, R. S.; G. T. Ridings, A. R. S.J W. D. Kuz,
F. -.; vV. H. Eaton, T. ; A. C. Dunton, conductor; '
R. H. Shannon, W.; A. Hilleary, I. s.; a H.
schroutz, O. 8.; E. A. Crawford, S. Mllsap, G. T.
Ridings, trustees.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Gray Eagle Tribe of Oakland gave a smoker last
week and received live applications.
Modoc Tribe at its last held meeting adopted
two palefacei.
Last Tuesday White Kasle Tribe conferred the
hunter's and chief's dejree upon two entitled to
receive them. District Deputy Great Sachem
Brandt was present and officiated as presiding
CUief during the ceremony. There were long and
fhon talks by visitors and tne district deputy was
highly commended lor the effic ent manner In
which he performed he wi rk. It was announced
that lie would be recommended tor reappolntment
as deputy.
Foresters of America.
Court Soledad No. 153 was instituted on last
Saturd <y evening in Solcdad, Monterey C'onnty,
wiih thirty-three charter ny mbers by J. S. W.
Zanders, grand sub-chief ranger, assisted by C. H.
Bremer, crand secretary: Thomas sewell, past
chief ranger of Court Justice; George Wagner,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
depnty grand chief ranger: Frank Rose, past chief
ranger of Court Castroville; J. B. Jamieson, past
chief ranger of Court Santa Lucia, and a delegation
of the members of Court Castroville. The follow
ing were installed as the officers: William M.
Black, J. P. C. R. ; B. Catti, C R. ; James Bertle
sen, H. C. R.; Charles Johuson, trea-urer; Wil
liam M. Black, financial secretary; V. Franscionl,
recording secretary; L. E. Soberanes, S W.:
James FransCioni, J. W. ; James Sonnickson,
B.; J. F. Nixon, J. B. ; F. W. Miller, Taver
netti and D. Binsacco, trustees; Dr. T. v. Craig,
physician and druggist.
Court Sun Leandro No. 74 celebrated its fourth
anniversary on last Monday evening by an excel
lent entertainment and banquet.
A delegation ol the Foresters in Sacramento
visited Court Elk Grove No. 101 on last Friday
evening, the Foresters' band accompanying them.
The regular meeting of the executive council
will be held on next Friday evening in place of the
third Tuesday of August.
Court Stanford has installed the following offi
cers for the ensuing term : M. H. Saunders, P. C.
R. ; W. J. Grant. C. R.; C. F. McMenomey, S. C.
R.: T. O. Rusaste. T. : R. R. Annas. F.S.; Joseph
L. Lycette, R. «.; E. M. Levy, S. W.; H. M. Roth,
J. W.: J. A. Mitchell. S. 8., and H. L. Apple, J. B.
Companions of the Forest.
The newly elected officers of United States of
America Circle No. 261 of Oakland were Installed
on last Tuesday evening by Mrs. M. A. Duke, grand
chief companion. New members are being con
stantly added, ana on that evening four strangers
applied for aimission.
Miss A. D. Bremer, grand secretary, has sent out
the proceedings of the ninth annual session of the
Grand Circle, held last month In the city of Oak
land. The book contains a great deal of carefully
prepared matter presented on seventy-six pages,
all of which is useful Information to the members
of the order.
Live Oak Circle No. 29 entertained Its lady mem
bers on last Wednesday evening by what has been
! termed a ''Jenny Jinks."
! Miss Annie Winkler, chief companion of San
I Jose Circle No. 210, and several other members of
the same circle have been spending the past week
: in 'his City. On Tuesday evening last they visited
Defiance Circle and there saw the Initiatory work
performed in an excellent manner.
John J Cordy, dep.ity grand chief companion of
Diana Clicle No. 22, Installed the newly elected
officers on last Tuesday evening. Refr shments
were served after the meeting. Miss M. Driscoli
was reinstalled as chief companion for the second
term, ana has the credit of being one of the best if
not tbe best chief companions in the City in the
matter of ritualistic work.
Companions of the Forest, F. of A.
Occidental Circle gave a very enjoyable party on
the evening of the"J6tr. of last July.
Tbe nickel party given by Minerva Circle on the
evening of tbe 24th of July was a very pleasant
one and it was well attended.
The open meeting of Sherwood Circle last Mon
day was attended by a large number of people.
The "at home" given by Loyal Circle last Mon
day proved to be a very successful affair, and on
that occasion the following programme was car
ried out and received with many marks of appro
bation: Piano solo, Mrs. E. J. Tyrrell; fancy
dance, Miss Pearl Brysoo; "The New Bully," Miss
May Smith; com c recitation, Miss >dna Ten
j eyck; Highland fling, Miss Carrie Doloser; song,
I Miss M. Richards: address of welcome. J. Fal
coner; song, M. Creighton; duet. Mrs. E. J. Tyr
rell and Miss Mohan; skirt dance, Miss Georgie
I Bacon; song. Miss May Bell; flag dance by the
' .Misses 1 ryphinia lilrhards, Ethel Kennedy. Flor
j ence Holt and Georgie Bacon: "The Irish Wash
-1 woman." Miss Kthel Kennedy; recitation, Miss
Tryphlnia Richards. After the programme there
was dancing ihat kept up until midnight. This
j circle will initiate seven members at its next regu
lar meeting.
The grand officers recently visited Piedmont
Parlor in Oakland and I'ride of the Forest Circle.
They report both In ijood condition.
The members of Oakleaf Circle were entertained
I by Olympla Circle recently. The last-named circle
repor s frequent initiations.
The officers of Washington Circle were Installed
last Tuesday, many being present.
Young Men's Institute.
Grand President Gallagher was In this City last
Wednesday and he remained until Friday, when
he went to Alvijo.
The following is the list of the grand president's
visitations for tbe week: Monday, Sacramento
and Capital councils at Sacramento; Tuesday,
Grass Valley Council: Wednesday, Nevada city
Council; Friday, Larson Council at Carson City;
Saturday, Manogue Council at Virginia City.
There has been an exchange of dates as to So
noma aud Santa Kosa. The grand president will
vidit Sonoma on the 18th inst. and Santa Rosa on
I the 19tb.
The next meeting of the grand directors will be
held on Saturday.
The quarterly reports and tbe per capita tax
were delinquent lant Saturday. These are the re
ports ending June 30 and the tax levied July 1.
Grand President Gallagher will shortly an
nounce the names of those who are to compose the
board of organization.
The proceedings of the twelfth Grand Council
and roports to it, making a book of 147 pages, pre
pared for publication by the grand secretary, and
the new constitution of the Grand and subordinate
councils of the Pacific Coast jurisdiction, have
been sent out to all entitled to receive them.
The tirst lecture under the auspices of the lec
ture bureau will be given by Pioneer Conncil No.
1 in Metropolitan Hall on the 9th of September.
The lecture will be by Archbishop Rlordan on
"Individual and Political Liberty."
Young Ladies' Institute.
A committee of Branch No. 7 is at work prepar
ing for a grand entertainment to be given in Na
tive Sons' Hall on the evening of Wednesday, Au
gust 12. An invitation has be.en extended to ail
members and friends of the order to be present.
The new constitution will be sent to all the
branches by the 10th Inst.
District Deputy Ella M. Comyns installed the
officers of Branch No. 4 last Monday in a very
commendable manner.
A number of youug ladies of San Mateo have ap
plied for a charter to enable them to start a branch
in that place. Their request will no doubt be
granted at the next meeting of the board of grand
directors.
Last Friday evening Grand President Sophie A.
Grote paid a visit to Branch No. 32 at San Jose
and Installed the officers.
A new branch of the institute will be organized
at Port Costa on Sunday next.
The per capita tax for the first half of the year
has been levied and is now due and payable.
Order of Chosen Friends.
On Saturday, July 25, District Deputy Hartley,
accompanied by twents-six Friends from the
councils of Sacramento City, paid a fraternal visit
to the conncil In Franklin, in Sacramento Coun
ty, where the visited council held an open meet
ing for the purpose of explaining to the people of
that section what the Order of Chosen Friends is.
The announcement is made that no more extra
assessments will be levied this year by the Su
preme Council.
Last Wednesday Depnty 8. N. Davidson, assist
ed by Grand Recorder Wallis, installed tbe officers
of Was-hinetcn Council. Grand Councilor Boehm
wes Dresenl during the installation.
In the presence of Past Supreme Councilor
Arnold, Grand Councilor Koehru and a number of
visitors, the officers of Fairmount Council were
Installed last Thursday nUht by Deputy J. J.
Homer, assisted by Grand Recorder Wallis.
social CaoncU received three applications at its
, last held meeting.
The officers of Pacific Council were installed last
Friday by Deputy Walter N. Brunt, assisted by
the grand recorder. The same officers Installed
the olticers of California Council on Saturday.
On Saturday night Deputy O'Bri»n paid a visit
to Phoenix Council and installed its otneers.
Grand Councilor Bochm has issued a circular
addressed to all councils calling for a meeting of
officers of councils on the 1 3th of August, in the
hall of Evans Council, to discuss the matter of vis
itations.
Knights of Pythias.
Grand Chancellor McGlashan wIU daring the
week make visits as follows: Monday, Piedmont
Lod C c, Oakland; Tuesday, West Oakland Lodge;
Wednesday, Ivanhoe Lodge, Ban Francisco;
Thursday, Liberty Lodge, Oakland, and Friday.
Eureka Lodge, San Francisco.
Last Tuesday Grand Keeper of Records and
Seals Herman Schaffner paid an official visit to
Fidelity Lodee in Napa, and on the following day
he paid a visit to Pluto Lodge in Bt. Helena.
The Temple d. O. K. K. was opened last Satur
day night lor th<> admission of several candidates.
Efforts are being made to organize lodges in Gil
roy, tklahand Lakeport.
The encampment ot the Third Regiment of the
Uniform Rank will commence at Santa Monica
on the 19th Inst. and will continue fora week.
During the week the division from Hanford will
. go to the camp in a body.
Ladies of the <rand Army.
Last Monday evening Mrs. Belle S. Herr, State
president of the Ladies of the Grand Army of the
Republic, Department of California, came to this
City from Sacramento to pay a visit to Seven Pines
Circle. Tiie state president gave an interesting
account of her work In the southern part of the
state and gave her impressions of the soldiers'
home at Santa Monica. After the business session
there whs a pleasing entertainment of song and
addresses, and then Mrs. Amelia Buttner, with a
, number of volunteers, served icecream and cakes.
On Wednesday, the 28th inst., this circle will give
its midsummer social in Union-square Hall, the
proceeds to be devoted to the cuan:y fund, on
which there are many demands.
Last Friday this circle paid the last tribute to the
late Marie scott, one of the members, who died
last Sunday at tbe age of 65. She was the widow
of the late Captain Jesse i<. Scott.
A strong effort Is being made at this time to build
up tne order in this City, Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley, ami enlist the work of true, loyal, pa
triotic women In the noble mission of charity aud
love.
General George G. Meade Corps had two initla
-1 tions at its last meeting and has two applications.
The ladies of this corps are laboring faiihtuliy to
make a success of the entertainment they will
give on the 26th Inst. A splendid programme Is
being prepared.
The department president, Mrs. Laura J. Robin
son of Lincoln Corp3 visited Meade Corps at its
last held meeting and will visit all the other corps
in this City and adjoining cities during the month.
The ladies of James A. Garneld Corps will a
social in th»- near future. These socials are always
entertaining.
Many ladies from the various corps of thts City
will attend the meeting of John A. Dix Corps in
San Jose next Wednesday, when the work will be
fully exemplified. . „
Farragut Corps of Vallejo gave a "tin wedding
on Baturday in celebration of its tenth anniver
sary.
Knights and ladies of Honor.
Last Monday evenine the officers of the Bay City
Lodge were Installed with all the solemn and Im
pressive ceremonies of the order by Supreme Rep
resei.tative S. American.
The officers of Pacific Lodge were installed last
Monday evening by District Deputy J. Kramler.
Grand Chaplain Mrs a. Thompson, Grand Secre
tary S. B. Carleton and Grand Guide Mrs. S. Bever
son were present during the ceremony of in
stallation.
There is some talk of a union meeting of the local
lodges in the near future. Grand Protector T. A.
Lauder it is expected will be present at that
meeting.
The semi-annual reports show that good work
hns been done durinc the tprm throughout the
Sta.e, and that the order is holding Its own as to
.membership.
The supreme secretary Has caused to be com
piled tbe a^es ot the relief-fund members on the
Ist of last January and these have been claused
into four divisions the total number beinir 7b,221.
In division 1 the averase age is 37 years; in 2,
42 years; in 3, 42 years' and in 4, 41 years. The
average of the whole is 41 years. Of those who
are 26 years old there are 1190; 35, 2369; 46,
2664; 55, 1407; 66, 385 and 73, 4.
American Legion of Honor.
Assessment No. 368 has been called and will be
come delinquent on the last d*y of the current
month.
W. A. Dundass, president of the Associated
Councils, has gone East for a short time.
The next meeting of the Associated Councils will
be held next Thursday, when matters of consider
able importance will be brought up and discussed.
Grand Commander Filben has re:urnei from his
summer vacation and will soon pay a visit to each
of a nun-.ner of councils.
John M. Gwinnell, the supreme commander of
the order, Is a director ana stockholder of one of
the leading banks of Newark. N. J.. ano is at the
head of the Hayden Manufacturing Company.
Independent Order B'nal B'rlth.
On Wednesday evening next Grand President
Wolfe and the general committee will pay a fra
ternal visit to Golden Gate Lodge. After the busi
ness meeting is over there will be an entertain
ment and collation in honor of the visitors.
J. L. Franklin, president of the Hall Associa
tion, will be absent from the City for some time,
having gone to Bartlett Springs for his vacation.
The trand president and the general committee
will m ake visitations as follows: Monday, to Cre
nreux Lodge; Wednesday, to Golden Gate Lodge;
Thursday, to Pacific Lodge. On the 10th inst., a
visit will be paid to Monteflore Lo1«e, and on the
11th to Occidental Lodge. After that the grand
president will start on his tour to visit all the
lodges in the Jurisdiction, outside of San Fran
cisco.
Last Monday Columbia Lodee received a visit
from the grand president and other grand officers.
This lodge, which is the only one in the jurisdic
tion that works in th* German language, listened
to several addresses in that language, and at the
close of the meeting the visitors and members
were invited to a banquet.
The National Union,
After a three days' session at Niagara Falls the
Senate adjourned without bavin? made any ma
terial change in the laws of the order.
Yosemite, the pioneer council of the order in
this C Ity, has recently added a number of mem
bers to its roll, and this evening will Institute sev
eral candidates.
a committee from Golden Gate Council Is ar
ranging for "an evening with the goat," which is
intended as a surprise for the members and their
friends who will be invited. This will take Dlace
In the near future, but tbe time and place have not
yet been named.
California Council will have several Initiations
at the meetins? on Wednesday.
Last Saturday Pacific Council Initiated several
candidates, nf.er which there was a musical and
literary entertainment, which was greatly enjoyed
by all present.
At the meeting of the cabinet on Thursday
evening next senator Dreyfnss will tell of the
work done during tbe session of the Senate at
Niagara Falls.
Knights of the Bfaccabeea.
Golden West Tent on last Wednesday night
made arrangements to receive the knights from
Los Angeles, who will be here in September to at
tend the school of instruction.
A new set of by-laws Introducing new benefit
features were adopted last week by Modin Tent.
Last Monday night the knights and ladles of
Oakland gave an entertainment at which there
wore more than 300 persons present.
Golden west Tent is admitting new members at
every meeting.
Friends of the Forest.
Parlor No. 2 of the Friends of the Forest, of
which Mrs. M. Boyd is president and Mrs. E. Mo-
Lane secretary, has removed to St. George's Hail
and has changed Its mee'lng nights to the first and
third 1 uesday in each month. This par or has
nearly 100 members on its roll and as soon as tbe
100 mark Is reached a movement will be made to
start a new parlor in this C ty.
Parlor No. 1, located at Ujciah, is reported as
doing well.
Equitable Aid Union.
California Union No. 603 has elected and ln
s'ailed the following officers for the ensuing term:
George W. Morse, C. ; Tony Mehlwltz, A.; P. B.
Nagle, P.; Rosa Bergman, V. P.: J. H. Sanborn,
8.; Mary Aaron, accountant; Mary Aaron, chap
lain; Louise Kettye, auxiliary: Julia Beck, W.:
O. Henning, sentinel; Otto Hentz, watchman:
Pauline Aaron, conductor: Mary A. Dearborn,
assistant conductor, and Louise O'Connor, organ
ist. After the installation, wh.ch 100k place on
last Monday in the presence of a large number of
people, there was an entertaining programme.
Order of Pendo.
Supreme Treasurer D. S. Stanley has returned
from his Eastern trip. He was well received and
enten alned by the various councils he visited on
the other side of the mountains.
Distric t Grand council No. 8 was organized at
Butte, Mont., last Thursday. Silver Star Council
was instituted at Boulder, Mont., on the 22d nIL
with a charter roll of twenty-one.
During the current week new councils are to be
instituted at Wulkervllle, Bozeman and Living
ston, Mont.
During July the membership increased seventy
five.
Kxpianatlon.
The arrow flies with -he wind. The top figures
at station indicaie maximum temperature for the
nays; thoie underneutb it, if any, the amount o!
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
anring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word -hieh" means hlijli barometric pressure and
s usually aocomuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
V< * c , eol nptiiiied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows us ally first appear on the Washington
u-oait. fthpn the pressure is high in the Interior
ana low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and 3011 th along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Orogon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the preHsure railing to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and cokler
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUKKAO REPORT.
Uxttkd States Depabtubst of Agrictt:l-
TURK. WEATHKK Rl-KKAU, SAN t BANCIBCO, Aug.
2, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
EureJC*. 64. Fresno 96. San Diego 72, Bad Bluff
88. San Luis Obispo — , Yuma 96, San Francisco
64, Los Angeles 86.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 54, mean 59.
The pressure is highest this evenine on the
Washington coast and is increasing in that section.
It is lowest in the Dnkoias. Partly cloudy weath
er Is reported from Western Washington and
Oregon, aud lizht sprinkles of rain have occurred
in the lower Columbia Valley. Light showers and
thunderstorms nave also occurred In Arizona and
the temperature has grown considerably cooler in
the latter section. Conditions are favorable for
fair weather and slowly rising temperature
throagnout California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, August 3, 1896:
Northern California-Fair Monday; fresh north
wes erly winds high on the northern coast.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Pair Monday ex
.cept partly fo^gy and cloudy Monday morning:
brisk to high westerly windd.
W. H. UAHHON,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Auo
•ST.
X 9'
m.
Mo.
Tu.
W.
Th.
*r.
Sa.
Moon's Phases
1
©Last Quarter.
v^y August 1.
ejfcw Moon.
<37 August 8.
i J
3
lf*j
6
.1
7
8
!
10
11
12
13
14
16
/""?\Firs:. Quarter
August 15.
■ ■I
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
(
26
27
28
I— —
29
f.,*\ Full Moon.
•*£J August 22.
,?\, ?\ Last Quarter.
Attgnst 31
I
'
30
I 31
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
PTKAMKR | DrSTINATIOS. |
sa r i,-*.
PIER.
■t .Paul.
Arcata
Weeott......
▲untralta,...
▲ Blanchara
C0r0na.....:
P0m0na.....
Colombia...
raralion...'
Ear* lea .... .
Arac0. ......
Walla Walla
San Bias....
8e1jc10. ......
Santa Kou.
State of Gal.
N«woort ......
Oregon ports..
Eel Kiver
Honolulu
Oregon ports..
ban Diego.
itoraiwl(l:K»t
Portland ......
\ aaalna Bay..
Newoorc ......
Coo* u»t. .■.;..•
Vie & Pgt Sna
Panama.......
China A Japan
ban DieKO.....
port land. „::-.'■■
Aug a a*¥ Pier 11
Aug 4,10 am Pier 24
Aue 4. 6pm Pier 13
Auk 4.10 am Oceania
Auk 5. 6pm Pier 13
Aug. 6.11au Pier 11
Aug 6. am Pier
Aug 6,10 am Pier 34
Aug 6. 9am Her 2
Auu«7. Dau Pier 11
Aug 7.10 am Pier 13
Aug 7. 9am Pier 9
Aug 8,12 m P S3
Aug 8, Bpm P M 8 8
Aui; 9 Mam Pier 11
Aukll.lOam Pier -24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
HTEAMKB
b'KilM
I>CK
Corona .........
Columola.
Cr**c«nt City. ..
Walla Wa11*....
Proftreso. :..•..:
farallon .......
Pomona. ........
Del .N0ne.......
K0reta.. ........
Araeo ..V..*.'.
City of Everett
Kan Benito ...
Truclcea... *„. .v:
■aßtaKoia,. ....
A1catmz........
Umatllla ........
State of Cal . . ...
HI Paul ;.v...;.".
Peru .........
Knn01...... ......
Empire.;..:....
San Dlesro.. ;.....:...
P0niana... ;..;..,....:..
Crescent uict. ;.....-..„
Victoria A Pueat Bound
Seattle .;...;'....:,:.....
Yaauina Bay. ......
llumboid: way.....
Grays Haroor...
Newport
Coos 8ay......
Nanatmo...... ....
Tacouo a..... .............
Coos Bay ...............
Han i)i««o_ . ..... ........
Yaquina 8ay. ...........
Victoria <k Puzet souna
Portland .........
Newport. .................
China and Japan ........
Hrays waroor
Portland...:.. ....:.....•
..Aug 3
..AUg 3
..Aug 3
..Aug 3
..Aug 3
..Aug 4
..Aug 4
..Aug 5
..AUg 5
..AUg 5
..Aug 5
..Aug 6
..Aug B
..Ang 7
..Aug 7
..Aug H
..AUg 8
..An? 9
..Aug 9
..Aug 9
■ ■Ang 9
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
TV ft . COAST A!»O GICODKTIC BtTRVKT Trnn 1 *
BtTM-KTISr PTBLMBID BT OFFICIAL {■
ABTKOBITT OF TUB SuPKBrKTKNDKST. )
Mondiv, August 3
Bnnrisfw 5.141 Moon rises AM
Sun sets 7. 17 1 Moon sets
August— lB96.
jjl Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet
SL. Wj H W L W ■• , H W
2 0T24 1.2! 7.47 3.31 0.24" 3.9' s.2tti 6-4
3 1.2* o.B] 9. JO 3.H 11.2h 3.8 8.15 6.5
41 2.17 0.3i10.03 3.8 i 12.41 3.6 7.13 5.7
6 3.03 -0.2! 10.44 4.0 1.56 3.(5 8.09 5.9
6 K.4S -0 5 11.17 4.4 3.00 3.6 9.04 6.1
7 425 -0.8 1145 46 3.56 3.3 9.57 62
H 5.05-0.9 12.15 4.8 4.47 3.0 10.65 6.2
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a< to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tbere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is sub tract ire
from the depth eiven by the charts.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
j SUNDAY. August 2.
StmrMftdktnaw, Littlefleld, 85 hrs frm Tacoma;
8500 tons coal, to S P Co. OaKland direct.
•Br stmr A«ec, Brown. 11 days 110 hours from
Champerlco; ballast, to Pac Mall Sis Co.
• Stmr Whitesboro, Jonnson, 12 nours from
Point Arena: rrtlt-s. to L h White Lumber Co.
- Stmr Greenwood. Carlson. 17 hours from Cleone:
r r lies, to E White Lumber Co. ;■•>-> (
Br stmr Strathgarry,' White, 25 dars from Yo
kohama, via Mororan 20 da. s and 13 hours; bal
last, to master. ...-.:■ ■'. •■ - '•■.-■■,
Stmr Rival. Johnson, • 16 hours from Fort
Bract;: lumber, ioH»muel Blair.
Stmr Gipsy, • Leland 25 hours from Monterey,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co. ■
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, . 20 Vi hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Rnss, Sanders & Co. : .
Bktn 8 U Wilder, McNeil. 26 V 2 days from Hono
lulu; sugar, to Williams, Dlmond & Co. .' -
Schr John D Tallant, Hoffland, 32 days from
Hilo; 16,500 . bags sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros
Co. -.■: •-.. -:. ■■-■-■■■ ■ . ■ ... •■ ->;- :-;■•■■ " -:■
: Schr Daisy Rowe. J Olsen, — hours from Devil
biss Landing; bark, to order. '
bailed.
SUNDAY, August 2.
Stmr Mexico, Bennett, ; excursion trip to the
wrecked stmr Colombia.
Stmr City of Puebla, JJebney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr Enterprise, lngwersen., . .
Schr Reliance, Skipper. •'
Schr Arthur I, Krog, Needle Rock.
! Teieirraphio.
POINT LOBOS. AuKUSt 2—lo p. it — Weather
hazy: wind NW: velo-iiy. 20 mlie*
Domestic * Port*. •■■
REDONDO— SaiIed Aug Scar Wm Beaton,
for Seattle. . ■'...; . .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Ang 2— Schr. Joseph
Russ. from Olympla. - ' - :
MENDOCINO— Arrived Ant; 2— Schr Bobolink,
hence July 29. --' ■" 1 1 it'll | \fif njTffiWt)HOTffty i fffflßf
IVERBENS LANDING— Arrived Aug 2— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence July SO.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Aug I. :v "- . s" -- •■ .■;■:■ ;•;?■*'•';.• ■■•■'. ■ .■■-.'
Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Navarro, f or San Francisco.
• ALBlON— Sailed Aug; 2— Schr Corinthian, for
San Francisco. .'• *
.EUREKA— SaiIed Ang Stmr . Pomona, hence
Aug 1. ■.%•-.': .;■" -■ ■•• • : ;.'..,- ■ ".-■■■" .-;■
Sailed Ang 2— Schr Laura Pike, for San-Fran
cisco. ;■ .. . ■ . .". : ■ :
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Aug 2-Stmr Point Arena
for San Francisco. ...'-:.. ■■••■" -■, ;
PORT ANGELKB— In bay An? 2 — US stmrs
Philadelphia. Monad nock and Monterey. .
MoTement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*,
' PHILADELPHIA— Aug 2— Stmr Rhyn
-1 and. from Liverpool. . . : : . , " . :
; NKW YORK— Arrived Aug 2-Stmr La Bonr
gogne. from Havre. ';.•-•:■■ • " t^^KSQapOHHt
. HAMBURG- Ang 2-Stmr Marsala. .
HAVRE— Arrived out Aug 2— Stmr La Gas
cogne. - : :. :: ■■■':■<:■ .*, '■..... "•...--. ..
UUEENSTOWN-Salled Aug 2-Stmr Cam
pania, for New York. :
■■■-■.-: Importation*.
PUNTA ARENAS— Per Aztec— 237 cedar logs,
3 mahogany logs.' 138 bags coffee. : •; ■ •
La Llbertad— 47 bags coffee. f v *
' Champerico -16 parrots,' 2 monkeys. 85 bags
coftVe. • ' iiiiiiiiiiiiMMiii|a>iiariiMMi||i^<>iiiiwiii[Qiii[ii|jii||j
-. HONOLULU— Per ;' 8 G v Wilder— l6,o7o : bags
sugar, 170 bags coffee, 25 ■ bales wool. 18 pkgs ma
chinery. ■ ■ .-. ■■■■',-, ■■. ■.' r . ■'■•■■■;.„••.'* -■■ r; -.-.■■'
PORT KENYON— Per Weeott— 6s% Kegs - 246
bxs butter, 92 sks oats, 34 sks bones,'- 1 cs bones, 1
dry goods.'. 3 bxs I seed, '1 mdse, ;l horse, 1
coop chickens, 75 nkg-r household goods, 79 hogs,
290 sheep, 15 cJs stave bolts. ■-• • ■ • • ..-;■-. -r.-. ■. .
Shelter Cove— l 2 bags wool. 42% bags wool.
MOSS LANDING- Per (Mnsy-I cseggs.
Wataonvllle— 4o test weights. '
Blanco— SB3 sks barlov, ■ '-
\, Salinas— l4! 5 sks barley. 
• Soquel— l96 reams straw paper. ■ .' ; -: .'.'
; Santa Cruz— l bx candy, 2 bxs butter, 1000 bbls
lime. >.-'.-.: . ■- ' ;•■"■■. ■ ' '•; •■"•-'-.,-; ■■.-:■■''. 
■- Pigeon Point— 7 bxs butter, 30 cs cheese, 25 dms
cheese. Bsks seaweed. ,>■'- .■ ; -v-.j-. •■ •. ■ - .
"'-■ Amesport-46 sks oats, 13 cs cheese, 7 sks beans
9 bxs butter, 30 sks green peas. : .
■ ■'•■'■■ .. - C<-I*I"PM. V ■ . >'■'. ,-. •
y Per 8 G Wilder- Williams. Dimond A Co; Welch
Co: California Type Foundry. *'...•.•:-•■■. i~; :\ v -
Per % Weeou—Russ, Sanders & Co: FBHaleht;
Ross Hewlett; Hilmer, Bredhoft & Schulz: Com
mercial Transfer Co: Wheaton, &Co;; Mil
ler & Lix: Norton, Teller <& Co ; I Standard Oil Co ;
Brigham,* Hoppe & Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co; ; D
Dellosso; Witzel A Baker; Dodge. Sweeney * Co;
Wilson Baechtel; •: Dairymen Union ; i Salles A
Co: C E Whitney & Co; 5 Thos Denigan, Son A Co;
Kowalsky ACo ; Thomas Loup;hraa ; I Farnsnorth
A Collins: ■ N Ohlandt A Co; Murphy, Grant A Co:
W C Price Co: N P Keuss. -i:-U^' ■' V; '
Per Aztec-M M E CadendessO; Cabrera. : Roma
& Co; Castle Bros; LPLa,lr«o; MM MOnteale
gre * Co: Baruch <t Co; Urruella & Urloste. v r
n Per uipsv— Baltour, Gnthrle A Co; Pacific Coast
Paper Co: Norton, Teller A Co: Dairymen's Union ;
Herman Joost; H Cowell A Co: A Gall! Fruit Co;
Hilmer. Breahoff A Schulz: Norton, Teller Co:
Wolf A Son ". Buffalo , Brewery -.'Pacific s Coast ! Oil
Co : Hammond & Brod : Wbeaton. Hreon A Co: C
Jacobson <& Co: Brlgham, Hoppe & Co; AW Fink;
C E. Whitney Co: Martin. Feusier<fc Co; D Blagl
A Co; Field dfc Stone; Wellman, Peck & Co ; A Hro
mada; Dodge, Sweeney <£ Co. :: • ■ - o ,-" .: :"
| Tbr Late Shipping Intelligence See Eleventh rage,
SEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the aga in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men
and Women.: All diseases of the Eve,
Ear, Head, Throat, Luntrs, Stomach. Liver
and Bowels, Kidney. Bladder and. Urinary
Troubles, Rupture, Catarrh. Piles, Eczema
and Varicocele. treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured. Loss or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in young, middle-aced or
old men positively restored.. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and pre-
mature death quickly and -permanently
stopped. Private diseases of every name
and nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones and causes more
physical and mental suffering than any
other known disease thoroughly and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment.
HEART, BRAIN, NERVES AND
BLOOD. If you; have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, ; a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and . blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. ,
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free. ' ,
WHITE
Your. troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, German,
French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and
Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent frej on ap-
plication. Address
fin C I QUUTAVV 737 Market St,
Ull. I. L. OIILHIiI, San Francisco, Cal.
COSMOPOLIT IST.
Opposite TJ. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
Francisco, Cal. — The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. . Meals 2oc. - Rooms 50c
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. FAHEV, Proprietor.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE I) AMI AN A JBITTJSK3, T-tUi
great Mexican Remedy; gives JkieaUfe **•
Strength to Ui« sexual Organ*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAIT
STKAMKBB WILL BAIJL '■.' FROM A*»
Broadway vihtxt, ban i"r»nci«co, a* jSmBSt
follows: • ■ . • r ■ ■ • .
- For Mary Island, Lorln?, WranxeL Jnneao. KU-
lisnoo ana Sltlca (Alaska), at, v a. x., July 3, 13,
18, 28 -a v . - la, 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and Sew
Whatcom (Bellinsham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. M.
July 3, : -'. 13.' 18. 23. 28. ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at ' Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. ' H. R, I
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at , Port Townsend with j
Alaska steamers. :
' , For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hun*.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it., juiy .->. 8. 12,
16 30. -i. 2* and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cms, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncov
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, 3aata
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, Bast San
Pedro (Loa Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., July
'2, 6. li). 14, 18, Vi. ■-•6. AD and every tourtn day
thereafter.' >^HIHMnO
For San Dleiro, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Lnis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
'Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. it, •'">' fi - 8. 12. Its, 20, 24, 2* and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Joes del Cabo, Mazatlan, L»
Faz and Ur.ayinas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba, 10 a. m,
Ju <• ii ana v6thi'f e ion month thereaftT.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 . New Montgomery
street. -•'■■• •'••• ■■ ■ ■
■ OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Oen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Franclsoa
ASTORIA ANDPOBMa
$6 Second Class, 412 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colombia 5ai15...... ...... July 27, August 6, 16
Btete of California satis. -July 22, Angus. 1, 11,21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Her 24) at 10 a. m.
OOODALL PERKINS <fc CO.. Genl. Snpts.
V. F. CONNOR, General Atjent.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ ■■ days' TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, &sv HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 ■»
AUSTRALIA. W S.S. AUSTRALIA.
l& S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, August 4. aloa. m. Special party rates. ; ?
S. S. MONO WAI sails ■ via HONOLULU and
A UCKLAN D for SYDNEY. Thursday, August 20,
at iP. m. ■ r :.'■■.; > ■■ , ■ . ■.--■■ '-■..<
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN, |
South Africa. " ' • ■
3.D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
■11 l Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st- San Francisco.
FLIJT & CO.'S
PACIFIC COAST CUPPER LINE !
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
" Port*.
FROM NEW YORK: •
The 'Al Clipper Ship...:'. ...WM. H. MACT
. A mesbury, Master. ';
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper 5hip... ........ .....A. J. FULLER
•. • Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
Street, New York. -
. . Consignees In Han Francisco: 'J. F. CHAPMAN
A CO., '22 California street- . • • -: ■:-■;:
ROYAL MAIITsTEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS ■• LEAVE ASPINWALL >*«*»'
fortnightly ; for the .West i Indies : and {SSSS3
Southampton, " calling en route \; at ; : Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ..
Through bills of lading,. in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co:, issued for : freight i and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. - . -•■ *
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, . $195: third
: class, : $97 50. For further particulars apply to
PARKO'I-1' A CO., Agents. -
: - ■'.'■•-. ■ Win California »L ■' '
STOCKTON STEAMERS }
Leave Pier * No. 3, Washinarton St..
At 6 P. 31, Daily, Freight received up
■"■■a '■ -": •■ ; :,--to ..:3J P. jl. •...-■. ■••=:•.;*.>.-?••■■ - . •
K3~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'••-••!■' " ■'•=■;■• ■■^SIKAUKK^:;;.'^ ■ --= - v •
T. C. Walker, ~. , J. D. Peters, •};
i Mary Garratt, ; •;•.-.. _:, City of Stockton.
<;- Telephone Main 805. ; CauNav. and Impt. Co
ILS;»AVY.YARD; MARE IBL.IIP, VALLEJO,
' *Benifia, *P«rt. Costar*Or<ickolt and IValona. : :
"  'STB.-HIONTICEI.I.O, f • >
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays •*10:30
a. it), 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 p. m. : oulv. Offices
and landing, pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
;2t>l. '-.;•,,, ■>-. ; HATCH BKOsi., ,
-• 4 and 8 p. v. trips only. :••■'
** Excursion trip. v. Gives 6 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SAN J(K>E, m tiAiOS & SAITA CRUZ
: QTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT :
Oatloa. M. ; (Sundays excepted) ; Alviso daily at , ,
I 7p. m. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas- •
senger. Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, '
60c: to S»n Jose, 75c. Clay au, ?l& lj 2fLW f '
OCEAN TRAVEL.? /
COMPAGJIE GENERAL TRANSATLANTIC
'■-: ■ Frencti Line to Havr«i.
/COMPANY'S P IK ( W),42 NORTH _*jß_
XJ River, foot of Morton st." Travelers by -»*jg
this line avoid both transit oy English railway au<i
the discomfort of crossing the channel in asm»u
boat New YorK to Alexandria, Kgypu via Parl*
nrst-ciasssl6o: second-class. 91 18.
1 A TOURAINK, CapU Santelli.. May 23, Ba. tt,
LA N0RMAND1E. .......; ....May -J3. Ba. *.
LA GA5C0QNE........... JU TI « 2 2 > 1 A *•
LA JSOK .1.-»x\'J)lli....~ July 4. 6 A. M.
La gai-coone July as a*.
LA NORMAVDIR :...:•.-:--.... An^ust 1,5 a.m.
LA BOUROOONB. Capt. Leboeuf. ..Tune 6, 7 a. m,
tO- ? or further partlcnl.r, ( » Agenti
•■•■•■ No. 380 v _ c Green, New Yorle.
J. F. FT?GAZI A CO., Agents,. s Montgomery
■venue, San Francisco.
RAILROAD . TRAVZX2
fIOI'THKRM PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC HVKXEM.)
Tr»la« leave and are tine to nrrlve at
SAN FRANCISCO. .
lea 7T. — From June 7. 1898. — ' aurivi
'•«7dO.\ Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:<loa Atlantic li'press, Ogilen and l'.ast.. »-4.-.»
' ?:OOa Benicia, Vacaville, . Rumsey. .Sacra*
mecto, Oroville and Redding ia
; Davis 6:1 5 r
7:00 a Martinez, Sun Ramon, Napa, Calls.
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15 i
•i39a Niies, San Jose, Btock ton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvilla and Kei!
Bluff .....;....... 4tlsp
•&30A Peters and Miltou *7:1S;
9:0«» a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
■• . Barbara and Lou Angeles 4t4.1v
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a.
9:00 a Va11ej0......... 6:15j.
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore. 8:45 a
' •1:OOp Sacramento River Steamers... "0:00
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations... t~:4sj
' 4:0l»p Martinez, ■ San- Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, El \erano and
Santa Rosa 0:15*
Itatr Benicia, VacaTiUe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marys Tills»
* Oroville and Sacramento 1 0:13 a
4>Bor Niles, San Jose, , livermora and
Stockton 7:15*
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno Hi43A,
BiO*p New Orleans press, I'resno. Bakers-
Oekl, Santa lUrhara, Los Angeles
jDeailng, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10:13*
. BiSttP Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo ami East ie:ls\
StOOp VaUcj0............. 11:43 a,
' 6:0»p European Ma'l, Ogilen and East.... 9:45 a
•:«<»p llaywar.ls, Niles and San Jose 7:15 a.
t7:oop Vallejo ]7ilSt
7:«0p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
»ille, KeiUiing, Portland, Puget
Soiinil and IQast : 10:45 a
SAHT* «;UI)Z lUVIsSON (.NarroiT (Jnuge;.
' J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz "*
and Principal Way Stations J S: tsy
MililA Newark, tervi l li-,S;iii.loso, lVltmi,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way \
Stations o;3t»f|
••ilSp Newark, Cetit.erville, San Jose, New '
Ahnaden, Kelton, Boulder Creek,
Bauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •! 1:20 a
§4tlsp Newark. Sau .lose and l.oa Gatos.... 5J9:30a
COAST 111 VISION (Tliiril X Toitiiscikl Sis.)
. *6:45 a Sau Jose and Way .Stations (New *
■ Almaden Wednesdays only) « 0:47 a
t7>3*A Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations 16:33*
•lid a San .lose, Tres I'inus, Santa Crua.
Jacilic Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7rt>sp
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations........ fliSOp
IO:4Oa Sau Jo- "Md Way Stations ....... 3:00p
I1:3Oa Palu Alto ami Way Stations 3:30r
*il:3Oi- San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Joss,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cmi,
Salina?,Mnnt«rey and PaclflcGrove *IO:4Oa
•B:»Op San Jose, Pacific- Grove and Way
Stations :*l;30»
•4:30p San Jose <tnd Way Stations *?i:<><»a,
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *Bi4(*A
O:!IOp San Jose anil Way Stations 0:33 a
Hl:4sr San Jose anil Way Stations ...... t~:43p
SAN LEANUKO AND HAVWAKI)^ LOCAL.
»»6:00a1 (\-y 7:13 a
8:00 a 1 t«:Jr»A
iS.oSa Mel»se,Semlii»r T PKIr, JIUSi
'"loSp Fitckbarg, San Leandro »f[lg*
3:00p -_^ 4:43p
4:00p ' " B»48l
5:OOp Barwards «:I">=-
-7iOop ' 8:4-lr
»:00p ,_ .. . . __. . 9:43 i
y : ;n> r i Runs through to Miles. 10:50;
'tll':lspj tgromlfUea - 12:0Q
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SiS miiCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 . 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 J3:0l
•4:00 - {5:00 *6:00 p.m.
from OAIUNR— Foot of Broad ttj.— '0:00 8:04
10:00 a.m. JI2:C3 *1:00 (2:00 *3:00 tl:0:
*S:QOI'.M. -': ■•-.■■ •'■' . . ..,
■' A for Mcniing. . • '• P for Afternoon.
'.♦ Sundays excepted. • - : + Saturdays only,
X Sundays only.
'. tt Monday. Thursday end Saturday nights only. "
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
''!Rwd"TJ»M <Wft^3 >?ilfT*ni S-taPn,»
SMFRIMSCO&RORTHPA.
cine RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnrou Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.; 13:31.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— trip* at 1:38
and 11:30 p. v. -;
BDNDAYS-7:30, 8:30, 11:00 a. k.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00,6:20 p.m.
; San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A _<
12:45 3:40, 5:10 p. h. Saturdays-Extra trfe
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 P. k.
BXl^ioO,'6^25 p? S k. 9: "' 11:1 ° A * lC; I:4 * 3:4 *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park earns
schedule as above. '
Ban Francisco. A p^f Ban Arrive *
Ban Franciaco. pril Ban franclaco.
Days, bays. "gMinatioa^ DAYB . | Days .
7:30 am . 7:30 am Novato, 1 10:40 am | 8:40 am
3:30 fm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:05 pi/ 10:10 ay
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pk
■ ~~ ! ; ~ j Fulton, ■■■ : ■ "~ *
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburir,
IGeyserville,
8:80 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:1B
"^""^ j : Pieta, . '
7:30 am Hoplaud & . 10:10 am
8:30 7:30 am Uklah.: 7:50 pm 6:15 Pit
7:30 am ... I ' 10:10 Ait
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:80 PM j 6:15 pic
7:30 am 7:30 am! Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 aic
and
6:10 PM 1 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:15 pit
7:30 am! 7 am! «-!,„,_„, 110:40 am 10:10 Alt
8:30 PM 1 5 :00 pm| ae °* gtopol - I 6:05 "m| 6:15 Pit
Stages connect at Santa ; Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Geyservllle for £kaggs Springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta tor Highland
Springs, Kolseyville, Soda Bay and luakeport; at
Hopland for < Lakeport and Bart:«tt Springs; at
tlklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John - Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck,
nells, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevills,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, W»stport, Usal, Wlliet*. Canto, C*«
Teio, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia, and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red used
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points !>e-
■ yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle huUdlnp
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
: Gen. Manager. ; ■ Gen. Pass. Agent.
Trains '.cave and arrive a H9h£_££sH
Market-Street Kerry. OBCT^M
SANTA FE EXPRESS. fl|^9
To Chicago via A. & 1 -^^^^^^S^
Leaves every day: at 6 P. m.. carryiuK i in. man
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up-
holstered ' Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
an i bedding and in chance of a porter,- run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. ; - . .
- Persona ly . conducted • Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
■ The best railway, from California to the East.
New rails, new lei: no dust; interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 644 .Market Street,
: ; \,v --■■; Chronicle Building.
Telephone Mai» 1531* . ;
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
.- ;' (Via Sausalito Ferry).
• From San Francisco, coin mincing June 15, IS9SL
''WEEKDAYS.
For : Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *B'.Oo
•9:15 10:15, 11:45. A. M.: 1:45, 3:20, 4:1%
' 6:15. *b:(K>. ii:3sp. M. : : : >
Extra trips I for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedae*
.?' flays and Saturdays at 11:30 P. M. .
■■ •.,;,--' .. -• . ;■'• N SUNDAYS. - 1
Wot Mill Valley and San Rafael-»8:00, »9:00, '
'■•■; *10:00, 11:30 A. m.; **1-J:3j. *1 :30, •2:16. »4:o<i
5:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. Extra trip to BatiaalltoaS
11 :00 a. m.v -. ■ ' . ■
Trains marked I» ; run to San . Qnentln. - ••12:38
: - T. M. does »ot ran to Mill VtJ*v."- :
THROUGH TRAINS. J '! ' '
I '-'■ For Point ! Reyes : ana ; way stations— B a. m.
' Saturdays: 9 a. m. BOntla»i«: 5:15 p. M. we-k'iays.
j For : Point ' Reyes Cazadero and way staiiooa^ '
i 8.-00 a. M. Sundays; 1:45 .r. M. we__ira^ _MANY WHISTLES
WILL BE BLOWN,
Opening of the Exposition
Will Be Noised
Abroad.
EVERYTHING IS READY
The Latest Addition to the
Attractions Is a Lovers'
Walk.
WILL SURELY BE A SUCCESS.
All Improvements Suggested by Last
Year's Shew Have Been
Carried Out
Oakland Office Sak Fkakcisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Aug. 2. \
Sleepy indeed will be the individual who
13 not made aware, to-morrow morning, of
the facr that the Oakland Exposition has
opened. Steam whistles, bells, blank car
tridges and a salute from small cannon
will all be combined in a tremendous effort
to call to the minds of citizens that Aia
meda County is on show at the exposition
grounds.
In the evening the practical lessons
learned by the eye will be made more per
manent by the practical speeches on the
county's industries and products that will
be delivered by President Nelson, Mayor
Davie, Senator Perkins, Julian Sonntag
and others.
It would be a hard matter to find fault
w.ith the general arrangement of the build
ings and their contents. The tabernacle
proper has been set apart for the stages,
the auditorium, t c ladies' booth, news
paper row and refreshment booths. Last
year the splendid entertainment each
evening'was practically lest, as there was
not a spare spot to place a chair. This
year tt ere are a large gallery and a fine
auditorium reserved downstairs.
In the annex is the art display, the pho
tographic exhibits, and as many of the
standing exhibits as it will hold. In the
lar^e canvas-covered structure is the heavy
machinery, and in the most open section
of the grounds is the space for the fruit,
flower and vegetable exhibits.
"Then there is something that so far
seems to have escaped the attention of tne
many who have written of tne Dig show.
It is the lovers' walk and is on the south
side of the Tabernacle. When the eye has
been surfeited with the display of the
handsome iron wors, the pretty carpets
and the big pumpkins that Aiameda
County can produce; when the ear has
been satisfied with song, music and ora
tory; when the brain has been tormented
with the buzzing of the machinery, and
when the feet are tired from walking
around and among the multitude of hand
some booths, then tne visitors can retire
to the grassy walks, generously lined with
seats, waere tho moon and the distant
electric light will struggle for supremacy.
This idea of a lovers' walk was suggested
to Superintendent Sharpe by a young
lady, but he refuses to divulge her name.
Sue is certainly entitled to a diploma.
Although to-day is Sunday and the
doors of the inciosure are locked on the
inside, the sound of hammers by day and
the glare of electric lights by night created
more tnan a suspicion in the minds of
people going to church that tne finishing
touches were being put on. Anyway
everything is ready for the grand opening.
GEORGE NISSEN'S SCARE
He Read That He Had Hydro
phobia and Had Bitten
Many People.
A Mnnchausen Story That Originated
From the Fact That He
Owns Dogs.
Oakland OrrrcE SAuFiuycisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Aug. 2. j
George Nissen was very much surprised
to read a melodramatic story abont him
self this morning in a San Francisco paper.
Nissen learned in a very sensational
article that he had a genuine case of
hydrophobia. He was informed that he I
barking and snapping like a dog and i
biting people right and left. In fact the |
story made it appear that Nissen had i
created as much excitement and done as j
much darnajre as a half dozen mad dogs.
At the Receiving Hospital Steward
Victory discovered tnat the young man
vras suffering from indigestion and also a
mild form of convulsion, to which be has
been subject for many years. After he
had rested for a short time Mr. Nissen
■arent home, and Cc camp nearer having a
genuine fit when he read his sensational
history than he ever had in his life.
'•>"issen's stomach was out of order," !
said Steward Victory to-day when visitors
called to Bee the rabid case of rabies, j
•He had been enjoying himself yesterday
and tne heat afferted him. I understand j
he has been subject to these iij?tit attacks ;
ior years. Oh, m, he did not eat any of j
the attendants at the hospital. He went
home in time for breacfas'i.''
The geauine case of hydrophobia, from
which Mr. Nissen was imagined to be Buf
fering, had its origin in the fact that he
is fond of dogs and keeps a kennel of j
pbont a dozen.
ALAMEDA DEMOCRATS.
A Meeting for Campaign Purpose*.
Other Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cai~, Aug. 2.— The Ala
roeda Democrats held a lull meeting last
night in Foresters' Hall. They claim that
their representation is growing rapidly
and say ihey will carry tne city this time.
A campaign committee was appointed by
I'rc, dent Ive3 and a plan of campaign
outlined.
Political Kquality.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. Aug. 2. -The Political
Equality Club will meet to-morrow night
at the residence of Mrs. E. A. femith, 1725
Aiameda avenue.
(lunch Service*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 2.— Rev. Dod
son preached in the Unitarian Church
ttiis moroiug, takinir as the subject of his
discourse "Certain Reasonable Hopes for
Humanity's Future." The musical por
tion of the service waa elaborate and weil
carried out.
Rev. A. H. Barnhisel occupied the pulpit
of the Presbyterian church both morning
and evening.
Bold Soldier Boys.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 2.— Company L
of the First Regiment, San Francisco, and
Company A of the Fifth Infantry, Oak
land, went into camp last night at Leona
Heights. There was a dress parade on the
grounds this afternoon, after which camp
was broken.
DAVIS IS BACK.
The Pastor Preaches Hli First Ser-
man After a Lone Ab
sence.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 2. — Rev. Ed
wards Davis preached to-night his first
sermon since hia return. In his absence
Rev. Jay William fluason has filled the
pulpit of the Central Church. The sub
ject was "God's Mysterious Way." In
part the preacher said:
• ; 'God's way is not man's way' has been
a demonstrated truth throughout man
kind's history. The universe is shrouded
with mystery, as the clouds obscure tne
sky. The tiny stars baffle the astrono
mer's eye, and to the microscopist unex
plored caverns exist in the atom's sphere.
Inscrutable law, force and materiality are
but partially removed from the realm of
the unknowable. In the brief course of
man's allotted time only a glimpse can be
caught of earth. But as the scientist has
seen part of the mysteries of the material
world revealed, so must he see in- abstract
thought as when in gazing into space, the
first faint gleam of brighter beams that far
more fair than the celestial stars appear—
see the light of intelligence that shall re
| veal the wonders of the human mind.
"God can never be understood by phil
osophy. He can only b« known by his
manifestations in the Savior, the cosmos,
! a flower and a tear, and especially in the
knowledge of the self, iiis infinitude can
I only De comprehended by the influence pi
J faith. Hence until we partially know
God his way; will be proportionately mys
terious, for tne simplification of mystery
presages infinite intelligence. There is
Inota life but has been led by what the
follower would call an unseen hand. Our
souls, like st<>rm-blown ships, are being
borne to quiet havens. Human experi
ence is not complete without defeat, dis
appointment, death, turmoil, trial, tri
i umph. After the ascent of Calvary,
though blind with woe, then we see the
distant scene and understand."
THE MAJOR ON PARADE.
He Wore His Cake-Walk Suit
on Broadway, According
to Promise.
A Small Boy Spoiled His Pleasure by
an Uncaliec-For
Insult.
Oakland Office Sas Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 2.
Major Waters kept faith with the fash
ionable audience who proclaimed that he
waseDtitled to the second prize at tne
Cakewalk at the Macdonongh. The ma
jor won an order for a suit of clothes
and he promised that he would be seen
wearing them on Broadway on Sunday.
He kept his word.
The wrath of Milton Johnson who dis
dainfully refused the second prize last
Tuesday night was as nothing compared
to the wrath of the major when he discov
ered that he must exercise modesty in the
choice of his garments or there would be
a misunderstanding.
It all arose out of a misconstruction of a
phrase. The major concluded that "a
good suit of clothes" meant the best in
the house. The donor of the order did not
think so. He concluded that the seven
feet of the major's anatomy shouid be
considered as having bten awarded a good
suit of clothes if the trousers and coat
were not full of windows after he had
made one of his double-action 45-degree
bends.
The major went to his closest friend and
asked him to accompany him to the
tailor. The request was granted, and the
major prepared for the ordeal of being
measured. He might have saved himself
the trouble.
The tailor got some double-length trou
sers and standing on a chair he compared i
them with the jeans the major was wear- j
ing and said, "To an inch.'' A coat and :
vest were treated the same way and with a j
"There, major," the gentleman of height
was handed the parcel.
The major expressed his surprise, and
so did the tailor, but there was no al- !
ternative and th--' major left. Ke wore
the suit to-day and "nad not been on
Broadway ten minutes before a little news- I
boy insulted him. He walked up to the
official cDimney-sweeper, smelled his coat
sleeves, and said with a look of deep dis
gust, "Fire sale, two-and-a-half." The
major is still Jooking for that boy.
THE NEW WOMAN.
Profesi or Granville £. Foster Sees Her |
Parallel in the Book of Cither.
BERKELEY, Cal., August 2.— "The
Book of Esther and the New Woman"
was the subject of a discourse in the North
Berkeley Congregational Church this j
evening by Professor Granville E. Foster, j
Professor Foster spoke oi the "coming !
woman," and gave ideas of what she
ought to be in the light of Biblical teach
in tr.
"I don't object to a woman voting or
taking any other part in politics; she may
hold offices of trust and honor, but al
ways as a woman," said the speaker, i
"From the example of Esther we may
judge that the true woman when she
votes will vote as a woman and in office
will hold ofiice as a woman. It is a de
plorable tendency in some women to
blame God because they were not made '
men, and expressing the blame by adopt
ing mannish ways."
Professor Foster referred to Queen Vic
toria as a notable example of a woman
who remained modest and womanly while
doing her part nobly in the poliiical
world. The character of Esther waa also
presented as a conspicuous example to
womankind.
"Science shows that woman's brain is
smaller tnan man's," said Professor Fos
ter, "but because of fineness of nerve i
cells, quicker respiration and circulation, !
woman's brain makes up in quality for j
what it lacks in quantity. Tnere.'ore tue j
average woman's bran is as powerful as ,
the average man's — though with some j
distinction as to the direction in whicn !
the power is manifested."
In dismissing the book of Esther tne j
speaker pointed out five peculiarities: |
L Many of the historical statements are |
obscure. 2. Some ot its history is at vari
ance with profane records. 3. God's name
does not occur in any form in the book,
though the object of the book is to teach
his providence. 3. The coloring of the
book is foreign, non-Jewi«b. 5. Though
the language of the book is Hebrew of the
sixth century, B. C, there is a large ad
mixture of Persian.
The professor gave an interesting re
view of Persian manners and customs of |
the time of the Book of Esther.
I ell From a Tree.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 2.— Edward :
Hampton, the 4-year-old son of Charles
Hampton, narrowly escaped death by an
accident this morning while climbing a
tree on Cordon ices Creek. The lad fell (
from the tree, his wrist striking a piece of
glass on the ground. A painful cut was ' j
made and the boy almost bled to death
before medical aid could be summoned. '
He was attended by Dr. Payne and is now '
out of danger. j i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
PECULIAR WORK
IN JURY-ROOMS,
| Chief Lloyd Thinks He Has
Partly Probed the
Secret
HILBORN'S BAD MEMORY
How It Caused a Big Reaction
in the Congressional
Fight
AGE PITTED AGAINST YOUTH.
An Ex-Senator's Comparison Between
the Governments of Oakland
and Denver.
Oaklasd Office San Frakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 2. j
A man has been adjudged guilty of at
tempting to influence a possible juror in
OAKLAND, Cal., August 2.— These are the two men over whom the Republican
party of Aiameda County is rent asunder. Each is anxious to go to Congress from
the Third District. One of the leading arguments between the two factions is the
question of age, some preferring old age and experience ana others youth and ambi
tion. Mr. Hilborn is more than twice the age of Judge Fricb, and each is a pledged
anti-railroad man. It would be difficult at this time to predict the winner.
an important case. To-morrow he will ap
pear before Judge Greene for sen tence ana
there is much speculation as to the man
ner in whicn the Judge will dispose of the
case. During the past four years there have
been some remarkable verdicts and remark
able cases of disagreements among juries
placed on record in this county. Many
have been so flagrant in their contrast to
what the evidence had lead an intelligent
Judge and public to expect that more than
a suspicion existed that Dribery had been
practiced.
A few weeks ago a case was tried against
a gold-brick swindler in which the evi
dence was so plain to ten men out of the
twelve that they pronounced the prisoner
guilty as soon as they eot into the jury
room. Two could not see as their brethren
saw, and the usual disagreement was en
tered. As the time for the second trial
approached Chief Lloyd, for reasons which
he has not placed on the bulletin board of
his office, decided to keep a lookout on
certain people. Harry Trundle was one
of them. He was found guilty last night
ana Chief Lloyd is satisfied that there
will not be so many inexplicable disagree
ments in the jury-room in the future.
The position of the County Committee
toward Mr. Hilborn is easily accounted for.
If he has one supporter in that body it is
not easy to see who it is." Two years ago
there was an election in this couuty, and
Fred W. Henshaw wa? a candidate for Su
preme Justice. Mr. Hilborn was on the j
ticket for Congress. There was a ratifica- :
tion meeting in East Oakland, and Mr.
Hilborn referred in glowing terms to
every candidate, with one exception. The
exception was Fred Henshaw. Whether
the omission was by accident or design has
never been explained, but its result is i
plainly seen. Two years ago Mr. Hilborn {
was the unanimous choice of his party for
Congress.
Now he has a strong opposition, and the
first move of the County Committee was
to elect four delegates at large to the Con
gressional convention who will vote for
Judge Frick. The most prominent name
among the four is W. G. Henshaw, a
brother of the Henshaw whom Mr. Kil
born did not mention two years ago.
Fred Henshaw's organizers in this county
landed him in the Supreme Court by a
tremendous majority. Now all his influ
ence is turned against Mr. Hilborn and
everybody is guessing. If Mr. Hilborn is
returned to "Washington, it will be over
a road literallystrewn with political gore.
"I've learned a lesson since I went East.
The sooner Oakland learns the same
lesson and proceeds to practice it the
better for her citizens. Denver and Omaha
are an inspiration to an Oakiander. In
spite of dull times they are going ahead |
and there is a flavor of progress in the air.
In Denver everything possible is so ar
ranged as to bring revenue into the town.
If a railroad wants a franchise it has to j
come over a certain route, it has to ex
pend a fixed amount in depots at fixed
localities, and it has to stop its trains so
many hours a day so that passengers may j
see the city and have a chance to spend j
some money. The same class of restric- 1
tions governs street railroad franchises,
and the prevailing idea seems to be to
make those who wish to benefit by the
city produce something for the benefit of
the city.
"In Oakland everything is just the other
way. The city has given away every
franchise that is of any value and has got
nothing in return. All this has been
brought about by petty local fights which
have made the city government a mounte
bank show. It is very probable that before
long I may go East."
The above remarks were made by ex-
Senator Frank J. Moffit the night after
his return from notifying W. J. Bryan of
the indorsement of his candidacy by the
Silver convention.to which Mr. Moffit was
a delegate.
It is surprising how many intelligent
people misunderstand the meaning of "a
dollar tax levy." A few days ago Auditor
Snow published a statement that for the
next fiscal year the city can be run on a
tax of 95 cents. This appears to the unini
tiated as though the Auditor was going
the Mayor 5 cent 9 better than last year.
This is very misleading. Last year the
Mayor limited the levy to $1. As the bond
interest and redemption fund demand a
levy of 17 cents the Mayor's levy for run
ning the city was really 83 cents. Auditor
Snow's levy is $1 12, which, after deduct
ing the peremptory 17 cents, makes a levy
for running the city of 95 cents. Instead
of cutting the Mayor's levy 5 cents Mr.
Snow proposes to increase it 12 cents.
The Mayor spent many busy hours this
week explaining the situation to anxious
taxpayers. _^___^^______ S. W. B.
Hilborn's Protest.
OAKLAND. Cal., August 2.— Owing to
the absence of Major McLaugnlin, chair-
man of the Republican State Central Com
mittee, the protest in behalf of Mr. Hil
born against the call issued yesterday by
the county committee will not be pre
sented till "Tuesday at 3p. M. The protest
ants declare tnat the call ignores all tne
recommendations of the State Central
Committee, and also acted illegally in
e'.ectini: four delegates at large, which
they claim should have been elected at the
primary.
THE PEOPLE'S PARTY.
Will Not Await the Action of the Local
Democracy, but Nominate Fall
Tickets.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 2.— The People's
party County Central Committee will
j meet next Friday evening to consider a
| call for their County Convention. .Action
I has been deferred awaiting the decision of
1 the Supreme Court upon the four-year
I term of county officers, and it is expected
it will be passed upon by that date.
It is proposed to hold the convention
1 early in September and nominate a county
| ticket for such offices as are to be filled ;
j also As&emblymen and State Senators.
i The prevailing sentiment is strongly in
I favor of taking the lead in State, county
; and Congressional campaigns and not
j await the Democratic convention.
Among those mentioned for the Con
! eressional nomination are Colonel E. M.
Gibson. N. J. Manson. Green Majors,
W. A. Vanu and Sam Stewart. The Con
gressional Convention, which adjourned to
j meet at Benicia on the oail of the chair,
will probably be called io meet the last of
I this month! The same delegates who
| served at the State Convention will consti
tute the Congressional Convention.
AN ALLIANCE RALLY.
I General Barnes to Open the Republican
Campaign iv Oakland Xext
Saturday.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug 2.— General W.
H. L. Barnes is to open the Republican
campaign in this city, with the first po
litical address he has made in four years,
at the Macdonout;h Theater, next Satur
day evening. The affair is unaer the
auspices of the Oasland Alliance, and
promises to be a real awakening oi the
pent-up enthusiasm in this county.
The Republican Alliance has "also de
cided to hold a series of meetings in which
the money question will be the exclusive
topic of discussion, and it is hoped to se
cure Colonel John P. Irish for one of the
first speakers in these meetings. The
sight of Colonel Irish addressing a Repub
lican meeting will.be a novelty.
Shotgun Canes.
The shotgun cane has the appearance
of a smooth, stout cane with a buckhorn
handle. Ihe cane, however, is out a rat
tan shell covering a 44-caliber steel tube,
the shotgun. The gun has a metal stop
per at the muzzle, held in pl.-ce by a
sprine; the stopper looks lifee the ferrule
of ttie cane. Under the handle there is a
button which serves as a trigger. It is a
breech-loauer, the handle pulling back
from the body of the cane, and it has an
automatic swell ejector. The shotgun
cane is carried by taxidermists and others
who wish to have the means of shooting
upon occasion, but who do not wish to
carry about an ordinary shot un. In the
course of a year a considerable number of
shotgun canes are sold. They cost $10.—
! roy S un.
THE PORTIUNCULA
INDULGENCE,
A Sermon by the Reverend
Father Caraher on
Its Origin.
ITS NATURE EXPLAINED.
That Little Church of St. Mary
of the Angels in Umbria,
Italy.
HOW TO GAIN THE INDULGENCE
A Franciscan Church Must Be Visited
and There Must Be Confes*
sion and Communion.
The Rev. Father Thomas Caraher,
rector of St, Francis Church on Vallejo
street, preached a sermon last night on
the origin and nature of the Portiuncula
Indulgence to a large congregation that
paid close attention to what was ex
plained.
In delivering the exordium the reverend
father said: "The reason that the epistle
and gospel are read in many churches to
day is because to-day we commemorate
the dedication or consecration to Ood of
the little church of St. Mary of the
Angels in Umbria, Italy, commonly
called the Church of the Portiuncuia. But
it is not so much the dedication of that
little church that we commemorate to-day
as the notable event with which it is so in
timately associated — the publication of the
Portiuncula Indulgence. It was the pub
lication o! that indulgence that attracted
so many thousands from various parts of
Italy to the church of St. Mary of the
Angels on the Ist ot August, 1223, and it is
the commemoration of tnat event and a de
sire to gain that indulgence that attract so
many to-day within the walls of Francis
can churches throughout the world."
As to the origin he said the word Por
tiuncula is a Latin word, signifying a small
part or portion and was originally applied
to a small plat of ground in Umora, on
which a chapel was built in the middle of
tne fifth century by four pious pilgrims
from Jerusalem, w;io named it after our
lady of the valley of Joshaphat; afterward
it received the name of "our Lady of tha
Angels," because angels frequently
hovered over it singing the praises of their
heavenly queen.
"It came iv the possession of St. Bene
dict in the sixth century and his order
heid it down to the beginning of the thir
teenth century, when they presented it to
St. Francis. As the saint was one night
praying in his cell for the conversion of
sinners, with a crucifix in his hand and a
human stull at his feet, he heard an angel
say to him, 'To the chapel, Francis, to the
chapel.' On entering the chapel he beheld
the Savior with his blessed mother and a
number of angels over the altar surrounded
with a brilliant heavenly light.
"Addressing Francis the Savior said to
him that he well knew the zeal tnat he
and his companions had displayed for the
conversion of sinners and the salvation of
souls; that he had set him up as a light
for the nations and as a support for his
church, and that he would grant him any
request be should mate. The saint re
quested a plenary indulgence or the full
remission of the temporal punishment
due to Bin to all who having confessed
their sins should visit once the Church of
the Portiuncula.
"The Savior granted the indulgence
prayed for on condition that it should be
confirmed by his vicar on earth, the sov
ereign pontiff. The following morning
the saint repaired to Rerugia, where
Honorius 111 was sojourning, and on hear
ing the facts related the vicar of Christ
confirmed the indulgence and granted it
for one natural day in perpetuity, or for
ever."
The rector then detailed the work of the
saint and said that the feast of St. Peter's
chains was selected as the natural day, or
from 2 o'clock on the first day of Aueust
until sundown of the second. This indul
gence, he said, was afterward extended to
all the churches of the three orders of St.
Francis. Jt was also extended by Papal
indult to many other churches throughout
the world, and even to everyday in the
year for the church of the Portiuncula.
"To gain the indulgence," said the rec
tor, "confession, communion and a visit
to a Franciscan church are necessary, but
it is not nece<«?ary to fast or give alms,
as iv the case of a jubilee. The confession
can be made on the 2d of August, or on
either of the two previous days; the com
munion can be made on either the Ist
or 2d of Aueust, but the visit must be
made between 2 o'ciocn in the afternoon
of the Ist of August and sunset of the fol
lowing day. Confession and communion
can be made in any churcn, but the visit
must be made to fcome Franciscan church,
and accompanied by sojne prayers at
option for the holy father's intention."
BROKE MANY BLUEROCKS
Many Interesting Trap-Shooting
Events Across the
Bay.
The Reliance and the Linco n Gun
Clubs Hold Medal ana Prize
Contests.
The Lincoln Gun Club's tournament at
its grounds yesterday brought out a host
of sportsmen. Keen interest was exhib
ited in all the various events. Excellent
shooting was the order of the day, and en
thusiasm was so strong that even after the
events on the programme were decided
extra matches took place.
The first event was a fifteen-bird match,
purse divided on a 35, 30, 20 and 15 per
cent basis, high guns to win. The follow
ing scores were made:
Dolliver 9, F. Vernon 12, Hnrdock 10, Nau
mann 12, Bruns 11. Winders 14, Hendenhall7,
Dunshee t>, Whitney 7, Karney 13, Klevesahl
11 H Vernon 15. Iranzen 13, Owens 10, Clab
roueh 11 Price 7, Ford 7, Sears 14, Clark 6,
Alderton 10, Dauie)» 13, Golcher 13, Eug. Fos
ter 9, Vandall 11.
The second event was similar to the first,
except thfct class shooting governed. The
scores made were:
Harnev 14, Frnnzeu 12, Daniells 13, Golcher
13 Kaumann 13. Owens 13, Murdock 8, Van
dali 9, tahaw 11, Ford 8, Dunshee 9. Whitney 8,
H Vernon 12, F. Vernon 10, Alderton 11,
Clark 9, Potter 9, Bruns 15, Eug. Foster 14.
ClayDougti 12, Klevesahl 11, Winders 11, Sears
11, Bilimzton 14, Mendenhall 9. Price 6,
Mike 13. Webb 14, Trombone 12, King 11, Al
drus 10. Jurld 13, Fischer 12, Feudner 15,
Ede. Foster 15, Iromboue 19, Vandall 13, Pot
ter 15, Whitney 17. Justlnsls, Biekerstuff 11,
Boiliver 11, S'baw 17. >ictrea 16, Price 9,
.^nars 16, Anderson 15, Tubbs 12, Gross t>,
Baker 13, Lewis 5, Olsen 13, Robertson 17,
Mascot 1, Lehrke 11. Burns 18, Karney lb,
Williams 19, Fischer 17, Umphred 13.
The third event, a grand prize shoot,
Auction Sales
GEO. F. lAMSOJ, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lO Kearny St.
THIS DAY.
Monday August 3, 1896,
At 2 o'clock T. M., on the premise-),
410 Thirteenth Street, Xettr Valencia,
1 will sell, an account of departure,
Tile £legant Upright Piano, Handsome
>ew Furniture and Carpets in
Above Residence,
COMPRISING. ..
1 elegant Tprigbt SberraaQ & Clay Piano, nearly
new; 1 handsome Par or Set, in silk tapestry :Lace
Curtains, elegant Easy Chairs, Divans aad Willow
Rockers: magnificent Pictures, Ornaments, Parlor
Standards and Tables; very handsome Carpets,
fine Portieres, Turfcish Rugs; 3 very elegant Pol-
ished Oak Chamber suits, extra Mattress, Feather
Plliowa, White Blankets and Spreads; 1 fine Oak
Isideboard, Extension Table and Chairs to match,
fine China, Glass and silver- plated Ware.Table Cut-
lery; 1 grand improved Winthrop Range: Agate-
ware, Linoleum, etc.
This is one of those neat, nice homes where
everything Is wholesome and sweet.
Remember the hour— 2 r. x.
OtO. F. LAMSQy. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE !
At Sheriff's Warehouse. 2n Larkin St.
This £>ay,|Momlay Angust|3, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. x.
Grand clean-up sale of Storage and Unclaimed
Goods, consisting of 1 Weber Square Piano. 1 Cash
Keglster, 2 Typewriter* , a large lot of Japanese
Crockery, Vases and Batsumaware and Bamboo
Furniture; also large lot fine Furniture at begin-
ning of sale: Agate ana Granite Ware, suitable for
hotels and restaurants.
L. H. BURP, Auctioneer.
was at twenty bluerocks at unknown
angles. There were twelve prizes given
in this match, including $20 in coin, a $25
Ottoman gnncase, sweaters and other
valuable merchandise. The lucky shots
and their scores were:
Klevesahl 15, Mike 10, Feudper 13, Ford 11,
Allerton 13,Berkeart 18, Clark 10, Mendenhall
15, Alderton 15, Kerreson 10, Debenham 15,
Stewart 14, Mergnire 14, Clifford Winters 13,
Eisfeku 8, Javett 13, Cummings 12.
In shooting off the ties with five birds
each the winners were:
tt. Vernon 5, Webb 5, Fischer 10, Karney 4,
Winders 4, Justin 15, Stewart 9, Baker 5,
Cummings 4, Lehrke 4, Ford 3, F. Vernon 9,
Mike 8.
The fourth event was a novelty match,
15 birds, with four prizes and high guns to
win. The score:) made were:
King 8, Fischer 6, Naumann 12, Wnitney 10,
Bekeart 7, Webb 12, H. Vernon 13. F. Vernon
5, Murdoch 10, Judd 7, Robertson 9, Potter 11,
Bruns 9. Shaw 10, Franzen 11, Eu?. Foster 9,
Daniels 8, F. Feudner 8, Dunslee 9, Kerrisou
5, Jawett 7, Sears 10, Klevesahl 8, Kearney 10,
Gross 9, Clark 6, Alderton 6, Ariett 9, Andrus
6, Anderson 7.
The Reliance Gun Club held its regular
monthly medal sboot at the club grounds
yesterday. There were 24 entries, with 30
bluerockB to each man. For a time Trom
bone bid fair to make a clean record, and
as it was he only lost two shots. He was
closely followed by Judd, who made 27
breaks. Fe-udnerand Robertson succeeded
in breaking 26. The scores were as follows :
Webb 24, Judd 27, Andrus 24, Trombone 28,
Fisher 123, Stewart 15.
Baker 20, Olsen 21, Robertson 18, Feudner
26, Andrus 20, Stewart 16.
Robertson 26, Baker 18, Wlnnin 17, Wood
ward 11, Williams 17, Dmphred 15.
Gross 22, Huntley 21, Tubbs 24,Hingtley 18,
Ingalls It).
AN EGG WITHIN AN EGG
Freak on the Part of a Duck
That Defies the Laws of
Nature.
Does Two Days' Work in One and
Then Takes a Day Off— Is Ad
mired by Its Owner.
E. J. Wilkinson, who owns a little farm
out on Francisco street, is the owner of a
freak duck. It is just an ordinary appear
ing white quacking duck, not a duck
within a duck, nor is it gifted with double
the amount of intellect usually allotted to
birds of the same feather. Notwithstand-
The Freak Egg Which lias Made One
ben Proud.
ing these facts, however, the freak fowl
frequently lays an egg within an egg. As
a rule the circumference of the outside
shell is about 9 inches and that of the in
side 4 incnea. The outside ejjg is identi
cal with that of the inside egg, with the
exception that the yelk is slightly flat
tened from coming in contact with the
shell which surrounds it.
This duck is in tne habit of defying the
laws of nature by doing two days' work in
one day and resting the next. At times
the two egga referred to form one within
the other and the result is that the downy
monstrosity lays a double-yelked egg
ranging ail the way from eigut to ten
inches in circumference.
Mr. Wilkinson is quite proud of his pe
culiar duck and it is safe to say that it
would take several times the value of the
bird in order to purchase it from him.
WAS A KNIGHT.
Strange Revelation of the Early Life
of a Deceased Pioneer of
Uvenuore.
OAKLAND, Cal, Aug. 2.— The story of
the death of the Livermore pioneer, Wil
liam Watkins Winn, published in The
Call about a mouth ago, has brought to
light an interesting chapter of the early
life of the deceased. In "Bnrke's Peerage"
ho appears as Sir William Watkin Wynn,
but many years ago he forfeited all right
to his title by becoming an American citi
zen. The Masonic Veteran Association
has just learned the fact and have made it
public.
Wynn was a direct lineal descendant from
Cadrod Harda of the Isle of Anglesea.
According to the coat of arms and list of
possessions in "Collens' Baronetaee" the
Wjnn family was once very wealthy and
powerful.
"FORTY WINKS."
After-Dinner Naps Conducive to Proper
Digestion.
Well-dined humanity will feel relieved
to hear the decision of the medical profes
sion that the time-honored institution of
"forty winks" after dinner is conducive to
health and a beautiful recuperative process.
Plethoric, full-blooded people have feared
to indulge in this tempting settling of a
heavy feed, several English practitioners
have made a ssvere attack on the siesta as
tending to apoplexy or nightmare, but the j
medical press declares this idea is founded
on a misapprehension of the physiological
functions of the stomach and brain. And
this is what it says, answering the ques
mm auction co.
Salesroom,* 1057 Market at., Opp. Jones.
Formerly 31. J. SIMMONS.
THIS DAY.
M0nday....... ..........August 3, 1896,
■ ■ At 11 o'clock a. M. , at .-
-4«; GROVE ST.; COHXEK OF POLK.
We will on account of Mr. A. Pier leaving the city
sell the
FURNISHLTO OF A 7-ROO3I FLAT,
.. . CONSIBTIVO OF .. .
Parlor Suit, Folding Bed, Pictures, Ornament*.
Portieres, magnificent Oak Chamber Suit cost
$275, fine Hair Mattresses and Blankets, one ele-
gant Sideboard and Extension Table, Lounges
covered In . latest designs new and handsome
Rugs, Kitchen Ranee, Crockery. Glassware, etc.,
one almost new Wheeler & Wilson No. 9 sewing
Machine. This lovely corner flat to let; reason,
able. :•• .
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
. B. M. BIRDSALL, Proprietor. ■
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO..
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MA 5131.
Stock of a Barber Supply Store at Auction.
TO-MOHROW.
TUESDAY, August 4, 1896. at 11 o'clock a. m,,
we will sell, by order of W. M. WILLKTT. receiver
of Wilson & Lone (on account of dissolution of
partnership), the entire stock, removed to our store
for convenience of sale, comprising Razors of every
description: Combs and Brushes: Hair-clippers;
Razor Strops of every description: Leather; shears,
etc.; 1 Top Buggy; 1 Double set of Harness. Single
Set of Harness, etc. : also a large lot of the cele-
brated "SHARK-HIDE RAZOR STROPS" and
TRADE MARK FOR THE SAME.
EDWARD S. s>P£AR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
EXECUTOR'S SALE of Personal Property
BY ORDJSR OF SUP I RIOR COUBT. ,
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday August 4, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. M-, at residence,
1218 LEAVEN WORTH ST., bet. Sacramento
and Clay, I will sell, at public auction, lots of Jew-
elry, Carpets; Parlor, Li orary, Chamber, Dining-
room and Kitchen Furniture.
J. T. TERRY, Auctioneer,
Office 30 Montgomery st.
J. C RUED Esq., Executor.
Terms-Cask.
tion: Is it harmful thus to fall asleep
after a meal? By no means. The process
is merely a physiological one, and as such
when it occurs is quite natural. When
digestion is in progress nature arranges
that all the available blood in the body
shall be connected in and about the di
gestive organs.
Consequently the blood supply to th«
brain falls to a low ebb, and thus sleep it
easily induced. On the other hand, phy*
Biologically, it is wrong for brain work ta
bf» attempted immediately' after a solid
mea>, which is a most comfortable doc
trine, but one that offers new development
in the attractions of dinnerparties or pub
lic banquets. How would it be possible
for guests, after tossing off the t>ousse
cafe, to recline with comfort in the
straight- back chairs of modern fashion?
Would these heavy divers be able to re
strain the snores with which nature afflicts
the children of men in their unconscious
moments? If the "forty wints" method
is to receive public and immediate post
prandial adoption another order of dining
room furniture must prevail. People who
are in the habit of dining not wisely but
too well must insist on the introduction
of the classic Roman style of couch or
trinclinia around the mahogany, and on
that extend themselves as gracefully as
may be until the digestive organs have
done their duty. Beneficent sleep! It
would work well even at the dinner dance,
for then guests, however light of foot,
would awake refreshed and their general
happiness be promoted, because indiges
tion would be avoided. — Boston Herald.
It is said that two persons Dlaylns dom
inoes ten hours a day could continue for
118,000,000 years without exhausting all
possible combinations.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
JA Stewart, Sliver, Wash T Williamson, C America
WHOaßfci!!<fcwf,Meadvie Miss WilKlnson, C Amer
E H .vcC'ievy.New York X P Hovle, Los Angeles
M G Wiiahire, La J ff C Comn, I -
J M Miller & wf, S Rosa O V Eaton. Stanford
H H Mitchell, Los Ang J E McDowell. S.anford
J M Anginamo, Stanford W L Jones, Portland
L Einstein Santa Cruz s Hosenstein. S V
SErrumbnll.Johnstown Philip Keck, Johnstown
E Thompson. Stanford A Cr.lleman. DB N
G W Jacksou, >acto T Lacy & wf, san Rafael
TMcCullagh<twf,l.Oato» D Gross. Tacoma
G W Hill. Alton. 11l O S Hanoa&w, FtWayne
Miss Hill, Alton, 111 C \\ Kilbourn & wf, N J
W Ray, San Jose E L Babcock, Coronado
C W Bierieson, San Jose W a Higjlns, Chicago
ft M Wldney, La J E Stubts, Reno
C Downing, Armona R D Stephens, sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs A Carrie, London H M Williams Aw, Sacto
Mrs W J Perry, Cal J M Pettigrew, Larkspur
Van Chief, Cal F A Bork, Red Bluff
J A Poble. Sacto E W Resley 4 w, Fresno
Mrs J B Spencer, Carson F vV Eilernian, Auburn
C S Smith, Vreka A C snr.th, Yreka
J W 'iullork. Oakdale J T Paiston, Colusa
J W Kaprth, Colusa J J Morris, Colusa
J A Andrews, l.os Ang Mrs J Andrews. Los Ang
M LMankin, LakeDort A H Wrtjttit. Stockton
C Hugues. Cal J R Coif. Cal
M <; Kennedy, Cal X M tUnrwi Jr Cal
W E Leek, Modesto X A Whipple, Fort Bragg
R B Marsh. Ft Bragg M Miller. Los Ang
H Messer <fe w, Visalia Mis 3 March, Woodland
G M Kolion, Los Ang L F Moulton, Colusa
C B Whitney, Colusa W Bruc j . Chicago
J G Wblte. Chicago H T Smalley, -New York
J T Marion, Minneapolis
COSMOPOLITAN HOTJSL.
Mrs Ll nske y, Oakland X Hodcrkinsoii. Sacro
J ( Donovan, Stockton D J sprllman, Stoclcton
J M Collins, Santa ftosa W E Potts, Los Angeles
Mrs J Youns, Modesto Mrs S Capps, Oakdale
Miss Capps, Oakdale S Brown <t wf, Sta Rosa
F Kitchens. Mexico Mrs J >'ash. Portland
C M Nash. Portia-id C X Nash, Portland
Mrs J Naffziggio.Merced S S Shiut, Fort Wayne
J C WniTon, tresno Mrs C Renne.Bakersfleld
JM Sutherland, Aiameda J Larkln, New York
W Mltcliell, Tulare G A Lindsay Awf.Oregon
G Yandy <fc wf, Denver J M Kane, Stockton
E C Heatlicote. Stockton D J Ryan, Montana
J Oleeson, New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Frank, Newark B X Smedley. Wawona
J E Barlow, New York GII Hills, New York
J R M coney. Portland C Armstrong, Portland
A E Sweetland, Portland J X Potter, st Paul
Jennie Williams, si Paul R H Wise, Chicago
S J Toting, Chicago EC Bennett, Chicago
C Stewart, Chicago 1 1 S Millar, Tory
0 J Wilson. Oakland G VV Gray, Oakland
Mrs E L Bird. San Jose T L Hall, San Jose
G M Baily, San Jose E P Keeley, New York
R B Collins. Denver ,. ... Mrs G L Parker, Oregon
J W Henszey.Pfciladelpa 1 Jacobs, Angels Camp
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Dr Decker, U S N J Allen, Oakland
E Freind, Crockett A Ipswitch, Chicago
R L Davis, sacramento A H Wiley, --acraniento
0 W tilts, Oakland M. O'Brien, Oakland
J H Alexander W II Baker, Boston
II Thustill, Reno AW H ay ward, Chicago
X B King <fe. Los Angeles W S Beede. Honolulu
J D Houck, Pittsburg Mis* Woolf, New York
G E Church, Fresno . :;.'.■:: SKSm
LATEST SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrirea.
SUNDAY. Aognst 2.
Stmr Mexico. Bennett. 5 hoars from Pigeon.
Point. Excursion trip from wreck of stmr Colom
bia.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 16 hours from
Navarro and way ports ; pass and mdse. to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles. 51 hours from Portland,
via Aaioria 41 hours; Droduce. toOE4SCo.
■ Importation*.
MENDOCINO— Point Arena— 2o green hides
2 bdis pelts, 7 sks teed. '
. Navarre— 6ooo r r ties-
Point Arena- 1 firkin 17 bis batter, 3cs eggs, 1
cs mdse. .'^ssgsu i'U|M,rmiriu*nsfii*vt4MMM
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Colombia—
500 a salmon. 807 sits oysters, 1 ba? coin. 184 bis
cloth, 62 SKB wool, 1260 sks (.Sort*. 2000 ska
wheat, 16t>0 sks bran. 63 7 bb15 2268 gunnies flour,
47 sks bark, 439 odis bides,* 331 pcs water pipe, 1
car oox snooks. 310 cs canned fruits, 132 cs eg?s,
35 sks bones, 3218 pkgs paper, 06 bdls rag paper.
Conftl?nnn«.
Per Point Arena— <fc Gerdan ; Mendocino
Lumber Co; .Wheaton, Breon * Co: E J Bowen A
Co; Dairymen's Union: Ross <& Hewlett: Wilson <&
Baeehtel: O B Smith <C Co: W B sumner <fc Co. .
. Per Columbia— Balfour, Outline &Co H H Sat
tier it Co: Spring Valley Water Co; Bisslnger A Co;
Oregon Packing Co; Cnas J acobson : W X- I azar
lerc: M P Detels; X Ohlandt A Co; Jas A Lacy ; 8
Ko-shland: T J Corwln:. 5 P.Taylor <fcCo: H B
Mas'.in & Co: Allen & Lewis: .. Willamette Pulp 4
Paper Co: F HiUens & Co ; Moore, Ferguson & Co :
Otis. McAllister & Co: (ieo Morrow & Co: -tandarct
Biscuit Co; M B A Wagner: Morgan Oyster Co; IS.
J Klnney: Wells. Farsio «& Co: i-0.-arty & Parker:
Darbfe & Immel : M B Morac'.ian: Chas Carl sen.
l>r.jGibbon's Dispensary,
AjMMffl 625 KEABSY XT. Established
lIHI^Sin 1854 for the treatment of Private
t3LIJ\.-'£j(j DiseHst- s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
C?iJ£gsjspi )<llseasewearingonbodyandmindand
feJJßfjgagMjZ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
j^2gfflH32B^ others fail. Try him. Charges low.
£%Saa43 rnrr<:narantrrd. Callorwrite.
Or. J. ft. toIBBOK. Box 1837. 5 an Fr»ociao»
1112
WHO OPENED THE
GATES OF LIBERTY?
Ray Palmer Gives His An
swer to the Ques
tion.
LAUDS ROGEB WILLIAMS.
Denies That Lord Baltimore Was
the First Champion of
Freedom.
CATHOLIC PRIESTS DENOUNCED.
Palmer Declares That Their Protes
tations of Patriotism Are
Insincere.
A fair-sized audience was present at the
Good Citizenship meeting yesterday after
noon in Metropolitan Temple to listen to
Rev. Ray Palmer's farewell address before
leaving this City for the East. Before
introducing Mr. Palmer, Chairman Quit
zow made a few introductory remarks, in
which he commended the audience for its
faithful attendance at the weekly meetings
and urged it to continue its efforts in
behalf of eood citizenship.
Ray Palmer was then introduced and
spoke upon the subject, "Roger Williams
Opened the Gates of Liberty."
"I wish to draw the brush of history
across the picture which the Papists have
painted on the dome of the temple of
liberty — the picture of Lord Baltimore
opening the gates of freedom." began the
speaker. "I wish to place in its place
another picture, the picture of Roger Wil
liams, the hero of Narragansett Bay, who
indeed opened the gates of liberty. Roger
Williams promulgated the doctrine which
constitutes the cornerstone of our liberty —
the doctrine which is so repulsive to
Popery ami Catholicism.
"If the immortal Williams could return
to-day he would take the oatu-bound
priests from their cells and send the old
bachelor of the Vatican from his papal
prison.
"Roger Williams stood almost on the
summit of tue Mountain of Liberty. 'He
was tiie 6rst person,' said Bancroft,
'who believed in freedom of conscience in
its fullest plenitude. He breathed fully
the spirit of Milton.'
"Here stands the man whom Rome
would have burned at the stake, here is
the man whose principles are so repug
nant to Romanism. But so long as
Rhode Island and Narragansett Bay re
main, so long as the stars ar.d stripes float
over the little red schoolhouse, just so
long shall the name oi Roger Williams be
revered.
"The American Protective Association
is founded upon the principles of Roger
Williams. lam a member of that order
and I am not ashamed that every one shall
know it. The American Protective Asso
ciation represents freedom without pro
claiming it, as the Catholic priests have
been hypocritically proclaiming.
"It behooves us as Americans to show
forth our Jiprht and be true to the princi
ples of our order. The principles of our
order are as clean and bright as t tie stars
that shine above us, and any one of our
on. J er wiiO disgraces ;iimseif makes a stain
upon the whole organization to which he
belongs.
"We cannot afford to retrace our steps
or retract what we have done as an order.
What we have don* as an order we have
uone rightly and should srand by. We
are organized not only to protect our own
flames, but to see that no child in this
land, whether he be black or while, rich or
poor, shall be brought up in the teachings
of any priest or sect.
"The American Protective Association,
comprising, as it does, the best and most
honorable citizens of this country, shouid
be the father of the oppressed, the down
trodden and the unfortunate. And as the
Jesuits will march to death rather than
denounce their base and treacherous prin
ciples so should we be willing to undergo
anything for tne sake of our glorious
principles.
"Our friend, Father Yorke, says he ad
mires Dr. Wendte. So do I. But do you
know why Yorke admires Dr. Wendte?
Because he is not an A. P. A. Although
Dr. Wendte has denounced Romanism as
loudly as any, yet, because be is not an
A. P. A., according to Father Yorke, he is
a gentleman."
At the conclusion of Ray Palmer's ad
dress a resolution of thanks was unani
mously tendered him for his loyalty in
having addressed the meeting on various
occasions while he has been in this City.
THE WORLD OF SOCIETY.
Miss Ralston and Dr. Bullitt to
Be Married Wednes
day.
It Is to Be a Noon Wedding and Will
Be Celebrated at St. Paul's
Church, Oakland.
The event of the week will, without
doubt, be the weddinp of Miss Clair Ral
ston, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Ral
ston, and Dr. James Bell Bullitt, a promi
nent young physician of Louisville.
It is to be a noon wedding, and will be
celebrated at St. Paul's, Oakland. Bishop
Nichols will officiate, assisted by Rev. Dr.
Ritchie, pastor of St. Paul's.
A charming wedding was that which
took place on Tuesday evening last, when
Miss Olive Berry, daughter of Mrs. E. L.
Berry, was married to Louib Cramer, at
the residence of the bride's mother, 437
Valencia street. The rooms were simply
but artistically decorated with flowers,
evergreen and smilax. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. E. R. Dille. The nup
tials were of especial interest to the many
friends of the bride and groom, as they have
both been active and earnest workers among
the young people of the Central Methodist Epis
copal Church, the bride being a member of the
"Friendly Circle of King's Daughters." After
the ceremony a boui.teous collation was spread
and the guests responded to many toasts to the
health and happiness of the bride and groom.
Those present were: E. _ Dille, Rev. W. W.
Case, Miss Laura Sand, Miss Anna Semmeni,
Richard Irvine, Mrs. E. L. Berry, Cutis Berry,
A. W. Stirlston, Miss Annie Krug, Miss Frances
Joyner, William Abbott and wife, Miss Susie
Abbott, W. M. Abbott nnd wiip, William O.
Disco and wife, Miss Stella Burton, Miss Matter
Heath, Miss Celia Lewandowski, Mrs. C. E. Le
■vvandowski, Frank Lutley and wife, Mrs. R.
Ulockcr, Miss GertrudeT. Bluxome, the Misses
Atta and Jennie Hall, Miss Melrose Tuttle,
(ieorge Wood, Thomas Hodge and wife, G. W.
Drew G. H. Rogers, Fred Morcom, the Misses
j ; l;ic and Laura Morcom. Miss Lillie Klem
mer Miss Lucy Thrush, Mrs. S-mmons, Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. Weigel, Miss Mumie Quinn,
William K. Brown, Miss Lizzie Hemmins, the
Mi s«es Julia and Mamie Tracy, J. ;;. Harris, J.
Tiinnicliff. R. J. Patterson, Mrs. M. Patterson,
VW Bell and wife. F. H. Selhai.d wife, Mr'
Obeli and wife, Miss Mamie Smith. W. (Jut,
James L. Case, Miss Lizzie Voters, T. K. Harris
and vife, G. G. Unsworth and wife. W. N.
Polkington and wife, S. Martin and wiie, Miss
8. Ward, B. s. Ward and wile, John Allan and
wife, Miss Katie Herche, Mrs. E. Hiichcock,
Frank liope.
The wedding of Miss Theresa Helnze and
George Menzer was solemnized last Wednes
day afternoon, July 22. at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of the bride's mother. 412 McAllis
ter street. Rev. F. W. Fisher of the German
Kvangelical Church officiated at the cere
mony. Both parties are residents of this City.
Miss Maitof Alameda supported the bride as
maid of honor and William Pohlman was best
man. The youug couple received many ele
gant and co.-tly presents, which testified to the
high esteem in which they are held by their
numerous friends. One hundred invited
guests were present at the ceremony.
The private outing eriven ny the Alcaldes at
Niles Canyon, on Sunday last, was a great
social success. About 150 people were present
and a most enjoyable day was spent. The
weather was all that could De desired and the
grounds were in splendid condition. Dancing
to the strains of Blanchard's music was kept
up during the entire day. The floor was under
the management of William Fenstermaclier,
who whs ably assisted by Sol Heino, F. Roemer,
L. Graves and J. Colbert. The singing of H.
Fenstermaclier was a special feature of the
day. The Bazoo band of the Alcaldes attracted
a good deal of attention. The committee
having the affair in charge consisted of O. H.
Ferguson, J. J. Grief, H. Andrews, G. Alferitz
anil M. Fenstermacher.
On Monday last Mrs. J. Keogh chaperoned a
party of young people to Mt. Veder. In the
party were: The Misses Marguerite A. and
Alice M. Brady, Miss Anna M. Dunn, Miss
Clara H. Keogh, James Keogh, Walter Gom
pertz and Charles Stubenrauch.
A ver" enjoyable birtnday party was tend
ered Miss Julia Hofmann by her parents at
2255 Fifteenth street Saturday evening, July
25. The evening was pleasantly spent In
singing, dancing, music and games. At 12
o'clock all repaired to the dining-room to par
take of the bounteous supper. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. J. Hofmann, Mrs.
A. Hofmann, Mr. and Mrs. J. Albrecht.Misi
Carrie Peterers, Rose Westall, Lottie Mcir,
Annie Seipel, Lena Gagan, Bertha Rushmiller,
Annie Buttner, Lottie Hollin, Emma Hollin,
Annie Wendel, Lizzie Delahanta. Julia Hof
maun, William Ring, William Nolan, Ed Ban
ning, Louis Deitzen, Charles Be thorn, Ed Hinz,
G. Cassidy, Mr. Schwart, Jack Hoimann,
Adolph Hofmann, August Hofmann, George
Meyer, Amelia and Feadora Hofmann.
The wedding of Lawrence Q. Cummings and
Miss Winnie A. Leary was solemnized by Rev.
Father Wyman Tuesday noon, July 28, at St.
Mary's Church. After the ceremony the guests
repaired to the home of the bride's mother,
1114 Taylor street, where the wedding break
fast whs served. Toasts were given and many
congratulations offered. Amid showers of rice
the happy couple left for their future home in
Santa Rosa. Among the guests present were:
Mr. and Mrs. J. Q. Cummings, Mrs. Leary, Mrs.
Kean, Misses Maggie, Bessie and Mary Flynn,
Misses May and Fannie Springer, Misses Xellie
and May Lowry, Mrs. Flood, Miss Mamie
Flood of Crockett, Miss Mabel Leary, Miss
Lavery, Miss Rachel Lavery, Mrs. Kennedy,
Mrs. Lowry, Mrs. Brosius, Mrs. O'Keefe, John
and Harry Leary, Mr. Cardoza of Santa Rosa,
Louis Springer, Jack Lowry, Eddie Flood, Mr.
Coghlan, Mr. King.
A surprise party was given Miss Kate Quill
by her many friends at Minerva Hall, Fifteenth
and Mission streets, Saturday evening, July
25. A very enjoyable evening was spent till
midnight, when a bounteous repast was
served. After supper singing, dancing and
games were indulged in till a late or rather an
early hour.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. James
Toomey. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Kruse, Mrs. M.
Toomey. Mrs. W. F. Toomey, Mrs. J. Toomey,
Mrs. McSorley, the Misses Kate Toomey. Mamie
Toomey, Annie Toomey, Rose McDonnell,
Kate Quill, Miss F. Brown, Miss Kelly, Annie
Siebert, Tessie Powers, Julia McArdle, Mamie
O'Xeil, A. Donnely, Rose Downs, Mamie
Downs, Rose Burton, Mamie Kelleher, Josie
Kelleher, Maggie Powers, Miss Buchanan, Miss
Mahoney, Miss McSorley. A. O'Brieu,
Miss Joyce, F. Tours, A. Tours,
Miss Williams, Miss Brown, T. Meyers, Henry
Toomey, J. Hahanah, Hugh McSorley, T.
Hughes, Ed Lahey, William McDennel, Ed
Leary, James Wren, Dan Powers, Al Bohm,
Rafe Reed, John A. Hern, John McCloskey,
William Kenny, James Norton, John Pierce,
Con Ryan, Barr.ey Farley, Fred Butler, Ed
Donovan, Morris Sheehan, Bert Sutton, Ed
Hess, Mr. Riley, Stanley Crowe, Ed McSorley,
Charles Moore, J. Toomey, Gus Harden, John
Toomey, J. Quill, M. Quill, J. Kelleher, J.
Laher,"A. Arron and C. Smith.
A very enjoyable birthday party was given
by Miss Tillie Wesetidunk at her parents' resi
dence, 1531 Dolores street, last Saturday
evening, the 26th. The guests began to arrive
at 9 o'clock and the early part of the evening
was spent in games and dancing. At mid
night the folding-doors leading into the spa
cious dining-room were thrown open and the
guests invited to participate in the dainty re-
I»\st set before them. The dining-room «nd
parlors were artistically decorated with ever
greens and smiiax. After supper the guests
proceeded to the parlors, where dancing was
resumed until the wee sma' hours.
The Misses Nettie and .Adele Price of Sacra
mento are visiting their uncle, Jacob Levl
son and his family at 1818 Post street.
Miss Bradley, daughter of the late Senator
B. T. Bradley, "has accepted an appointment as
teachei in the Eastland School, in Mill Valley.
Mrs. N. G. Walker, wife of a prominent Ha
waiian planter, has returned from a European
tour and will leave on the Monowai for her
island home.
Mr. and Mrs. Myer Siegel of Los Angeles are
visiting Mr. and Mrs. I. Magnin.
Mrs. P. Johnson is entertaining Miss Mac
M. Murpbv at her cottaee in Burlingame.
Mrs. A. K. Kingsford returned from Hono
lulu the 28th ot July after a delightful visit of
nine weeks as the guest of Mr. and Mrs. E. L.
Cunha.
Dr. and Mrs. G. S. Backman have returned to
the City and «re at the Hotel Savoy, where
they will be at home Tuesdays.
The Club of '90 will give a sash and bow
party this evening, Monday, August 3, at 507
Suiter street, corner of Powell.
Rev. Arthur M. Clarke, C. S. P., will deliver
a lecture on Friday evening, August 7, at
Metropolitan Hall, for the benefit of the uni
form and armory fund of Company D, First
Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets. The
reverend gentleman has chosen for his subject
'•The Father of Modern Liberty." Colonel
James F. Smith will preside at the lecture.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7 wiil give
an entertainment and hop on Wednesday
evening, August 12, at Native Sons' Hall.
Very Much Alike.
A certain mother was the proud pos
sessor of twins who were as much alike as
two peas.
One night she heard a series of giggles
proceeding from the neighborhood of the
twins' bed.
"What are you laughing at there?" she
said.
"Oh, nothing," replied Edith, one of
the twins, "only you have given me two
baths and Alice none." — Spare Moments.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op*n until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, epea
until 9 o'clock.
3,618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE O_\.> MEETINGS. \
JI_S» GOLDEN^GATE COMB] AND EBT ____)'
sfc^^ No. 16, Knights Templar, Golden
Gate building, 625 Sutter St.— Stated assem- fC3
bly THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. All «T
raters are cordially Invited. Order of the ▼
Red Cross will be conferred.
CHARLES H. MURPHY, Commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorder. ■ .
§^S» HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. IT~
t—' an A. M.— Stated meeting THIS i*
DAY (Monday), August 3, 1*96, at B^_f
o'clock p. M. By order of the W. M. rS&\
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
|fr^K» SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER ]» "
•f^ No. 1. Royal Arch Mesons. meets
THIS EVENING. Business and R. A. de-!? JP
gree. H. o. PRINCE, Secretary. /V>
rS" OCCIDENTAL LODGE. NO. 22, •»
fc^*' F. and A. M.— Stated • meeting THIS •'-_*■
(MONDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. "ffV
KDW. F. DELGKR, Secretary. A^\
_^=* OFFICE OF~THE GERMAN SAVING 3
m^jP and Loan Society— The i annual - meeting of
the stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society, No.
626 California street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on MONDAY,
the 10th day of August, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.,
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, * and the • transaction of i such
other business as shall legally: come before the
meeting. GEO. TOURNY, Secretary.
KB" WALDECK SANATORIUM— ANNUAL
»»— ** meeting of the stockholders will be held at
717 Jones street on TUESDAY,- August 4, at
8:30 p. m. WINSLOW ANDERSON, President.
_ C. E. coorKH. Secretary . .< .-■■■--
M'l.llAL £ NOTICES.
gt^» THK PACIFIC HEBREW- ORPHAN
B*-^ Asylum and Home Society ■ hereby ' give
notice that they have admit ed int'-tbeorprianage
from January 1, 1896. to July 1. 1896, the follow-
in« half-orpiian girls and boys, viz. : i Ruth Adler,
age 5 ; years: ■ arry Bernsti in, age 3 years 10
months; Charles Bernstein. ace 7 years 3 months;
Fenny Bernstelu, a ;e 11 years 8 months;. Lottie
Jaffe, a;e 8 ye«rs 4 months ; I Esther Mayers, age
4 year* 7 months; Lewis MarKS, age 4 years 7
months; Henry Lacomy, age: 4 years 6 months;
Joseph. Michaels, : age - 5 years 3 - months: 'Ben
Michaels, age 12 years 2 months; Solomon Robin-
eon, aged 4 years 11 months: Jacob > Robinson,
age . 6 years . 6 months: David \ Schwartz, age 5
years 11 months: Bertha Schwartz.' age 11 years
1 month; —lias Schwartz, age 1 1 years ■ 11 months:
and Herbert G. Wiener, age 4 years 6 months. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
SPECIAL iNOTICES-Continued. ,
■.^3^^sh_s_iatism' of"T"yeXrsjuured
E6—^ In 8 weeks. 'Consultation free. ■- 305 Eddy
B _____________l—___________________— — _.-''
Ef^SP BAD TENANTS . EJECTED FOR $4; ' 1
tsr~&. collections made, city or country. Pacillo
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 6080. ■
Ef__?» DR. BAYER REMOVED HIS OFFICE
Wr^& to 14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary st.
iF^ CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
5C ; js' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any addrpss
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free. : : '
SITUATIONS >VANT_;_»-I?_;3IAL,E.
"4 FIRST-CLASS FRENCH COOK DESIRKS
1 A situation; 3 years la t place; city or country.
MISS C PL—EN, 323 Sutter st. .
A COMPETENT INFANTS' NURSE DESIRKS
J\. situation ; best ret; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Suiter St. >;
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY ST..
:', furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
•at office, phone or mall us your orders: prompt at-,
temion guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. ■
AT UMBKR OF FIRST-CLASS GIRLS AWAIT-
1* ing situations at the Swedish and German _m-
ployment Bureau. MRS. G. NORTON, 315 hut-
terst. ■■.•'■ ■' -'■ '■ - -
MRS. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.;
only first-class female help furnished.
"WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE AMERI-
tt can woman a place to do cooking or general
housework; best of reference: city or country.
Call or address 231 Thirty-second at.
0 wkdisbTgirl WISHES TO do UPSTAIRS
O work and take care of children: isa good seam-
stress; 2 years last place. MRS. G. NORTON,
316 Sutler st.
"Herman LADY (SPEAKS French AND
VJ English) would teach and make herself useful
In the bouse; good seamstress: In return for home.
Address A. L., box 46, Coll Office^
A" SWEDISH GIRL, FIRST -CLASS COOK
A and laundress; four years last place: cooking
or housework. MRS. G. NORTON, 316 Suiter St.
ORK BY THE DAY WANTED BY RELI-
-able young woman for office-work, house-
cleaning or washing. 988 Howard St., cor. Sixth.
WOMAN WANTS POSITION TO ASSIST IN
light housework with Christian or spiritualist.
Address Home, box 101, Call Office.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
U to do general housework or as housekeeper.
Apply 517 Howard st. ;
"yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion to take care of one or more children. Ap-
ply 1321 Mason at., bakery.' ■
Wl POSITION BY YOUNG WOMAN
tt in American family to do upstairs work; wages
$20. Address L. X.. box 107, Call Office.
VOOKG WOMAN FROM the EAST WOULD'
X like upstairs work and sewing; neat and com-
petent; city or country; references. Address H. 8.,
box 15. Call Office. ■ .
C" T^MPET_NT ENGLISH COOK, IS A NICE
laundress and kind to children, would go as a
working housekeeper: city or country: wages $12
to $15. • all 749 Howard st., ro >m 3.
V OUNG LADY' WISHES position TO CARK
X for ctild and assist; wages $10. Call at 532
Eddy st. .
yOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE LO DO
X office work or take care of doctor 1 office. ; Call
or address 634 Ellis st- : ■
ELDERLY LADY WISHES POSITION AS
housekeeper in small family. 783b Clemen-
I Una st. .
1 WORK WANTED AT ONCE BY LADY AS
»T visiting French teacher, schools or families;
or as companion to lady or gentleman 01 means
where reading aloud or writing Is requi ed; good
needlewoman ; reterences: no triflera. Address
MADAME, box 127. Call Office.
I WIDOW WITH YEARS OF EXPERIENCE
» ' would like a position to take charge of a ho: el
I or lodging-house. Call or address MRS. 11., 621
I Powell st. .
\\f ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
• » for middle-attei or elderly gentleman. Ad-
■doess E. T., box 13S, Call Office.
T3ESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES
XX posliion as chambermaid and waitress: good
reference. Call 739 Post st.
TIGHT HOUSEWORK BY EXPERIENCED
XJ Eastern lady. Address 226 Turk st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
vJT day washing. Ironing* and housecleaning;
references on hand. 741 Minna st.
p ERMAN WOMAN, GOOD HOUSEKEEPER
VJT first-class cook, wishes steady , situation, city
or country. Address or call 224 Fourth st.
"POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER OR COOK ON
X ranch, by a woman of ability; is a thorough
housekeeper, also line cook; first-class references
given and required. Call J. L., 2943 V2 Mission st.,
irom 7 to 8 p. M. j
pOMPETENi DRESSMAKER WISHES FEW
, \J more engagements by the day, ;or will take
work home; terms reasonable. 417 Larkin.
V NEAT SCOTCH WOMAN, PLACE AS
child's nurse, plain sewing or housework; good
cook; references. MRS. ANNA SHKPPARD,
Oakland P. 0., Alameda County.
OMAN WANTS A POSITION AS WORK-
' ' ing housekeeper, or as cook In private family.
Call 1065 Market, room 10.
AT OUNG WOMAN WISHES TO TAKE
X charge of a rooming-house. Apply for three
days at 214 Hyde st., between 1 and 5 o'clock.
yOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; plain sewer. 677 Market, room 18
ITUATION WANTED— BY A RELIABLE
O woman to do was 1 ing, or cleaning house, or
any other work. Address MRS. FRENCH, 3624
Sacramento st.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
girl 3 years old wishes a place to do general
housework; object more a good home than wages.
Apply 457 Stevenson st. no postals.
PAM>H WIDOW. LATE FROM CITY OF
Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
: Apply 105 Larkiu St.. room 2.
W INCuEd . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD : ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WAKTKI)-_ALIS.
CR. HANSEN <fc CO, 110 GEARY ST., FUR.
. nish haymakers, threshing .crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock'
men, laborers, mechanics, : cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
BARBERS— GOOD BARBER WANTS WORK
for. $10 per week, city or country. Address
Barber, box 146, Call office.
YOUNG DANE WHO CAN MILK, TAKE
1 care of horses, and is very handy with ; tools,
wants situation. Address D., box 165 Call Office.
ARBER— A FIRST-CLASS YOUNG BARBER
desires a steady position; work for wages. R.
F.,box 168, Ca ; l office.
p ERMAN MAN, 36, HAND V.;- WITH TOOLS
VT and house and garden work, wa it< s:eadv place,
city or country; reference. R. K. box 122, Call.
YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK SELLING
X plants on commission. Call : between 7 and 8
a. m., 427 Golden Gate aye. '
RIVER— STRONG YOUNG MAN DESIRES
a situation to drive truck or delivery wagon;
experienced: can furnish best references. K. F.
box 163, this office.
VfECHANICAL. ENGINEER AND MACHIN-
-IVI ist wants work: cnpable;of taking charge of
any kind of power plant or machinery or putting
up the same; terms satisfactory. Address 710
O'Farrell st.
TV ANTKD— POSITION AS MANAGER OR
• » foreman or a plumbing and tin shop by an ex-
perienced mechanic: : can furnish too s if neces-
sary. Address T. S., box 108. Call Office.
WANTED— SITUATION KITHKR AS NIGHT
TT watchman, porter, collector or drive delivery
wagon; best or reference and bond given. Address
SAMUEL GAMBLE. 1307 Doiores st.
"Y"OUNG~MANVDESIRES a position IN a
X wholesale or commercial house, or any place or
office where advancement is possible; Is a rustler;
I lives with parents. Address A. V., box 104. Call.
ELIABLK FIRST-CLASS MAN, WHO UN-
derstauds care of horse and is good driver,
waits situation - around private place ; is -fair gar-
dener and is handy with tools. Address O. G
box 97, Call Office. :--.?. ' .. ■;
E~~NGIN EEKS— POSITION BY COMPETENT
man: familiar with electrical lights. Address
LOUIS B. GORDON, 17 Van Ness aye.
ELIABLE SWEDISH MAN WANTS SIT-
Xi> at ion; is good gardener and coachman; can
I run gasoline engine: prefers a private place, city
or country: good references. Address R. S., box
55, Call Office. ..-■.■-. r
\\r ANTED— BY STEADY", HONEST PEOPLE.
• 'man and wife, to -take charge of ranch for
good home; reliable. B. V. R., 934 Folsom St.,
city. ■-: "'. ;-.'. "- ■ ...-_.:. ..-. ..'....,-. .-. : .-;
POULTRY MAN WANTS SlTU-
ation; expert on Incubators and brooders. For
j first-class reference address, with particulars, Prac-
tical, box 160, Call. ■■■" ; . ; ..:
STEADY, "SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN AND
wife of experience wish positions to talce charge
I of a ranch. S. W.. box 6, Call Office, Oa<lana.
T^XPERIENCED N URS-ITwANTS ; SITUA-
XJ tloa In hospital or private asylum; "■ best of ref-
erences. Address N. A., box 131, Call Office. ;
STRONG *OY 15 YEARS OLD WANTS TO
learn the blacksmith trade. Address S. L. 8.,
box 119, Call. ; -■--. -' -■■ '
APANE.sK AND CHINESE EMPLOYMKNi'
oflice: best help. 31 48 .Sutter: ■ tel Grant 30. :
pHINESK AN JAPANESE . EMPLOYMENT
VJ Oflice; best help. . 41 4 U, O'Farrell: tel. H. 42A:
CIHINKSE AND : JAPANESE RELIABLE
/help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLK Y &CO.. 640 Clay.
BY MAN AND WIFE, WITHOUT IN CUM-
brance; understanding fruit and stock farming,
care of ranch or ' country, place:-: will.: work by
month together. K. M., box 3. Call Office,' Oakland.
MAN AND WIFE WISH POSITIONS ON; A
ranch : .; understand thoroughly ■< ranch i work
| Call or address J. A. WOODWARD, 1012 Webster
st., Oakland. : . ■ ".••■:',
j SITUATION WANTED ;BY GERMAN AND
; . O .wit.', without children, to take care of a ranch;
man understands all 1 kinds of ; ranch work; wife
good cook and housekeeper: both hrst-class refer-
ences. Address J. R., 621 California st. ; : ; . \ ; ;
WINCHESTER. HOUsK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
I Tf Market— Electric I lights iln i every ' room • « 200
1 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 ;to $6 per
j week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ~
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued. f ;
OtrOU"NG~M AN 23 YEARS OFiAGS WISHES
■i X a place to drive a waeon :or to work in whole- ;
sale house. 'Address O. P., 825 Jessie st.
T^Y'NAMO-TENDER WANTS POSITION; IS
•■ XJ a - competent electrician '■ and ■•; inechaoical
draughtsman. Please address box 60. Call.
VOHNG; MANTwANTS~P"OSITIbN- IN GRO-
• X eery or general merchandise store; good book-
keeper; good reference. G. M., box 21, Call Oflice.
VOTING" MAN, GERMAN, WHO HAS BEEN*
X working In delicacies and grocery business
wants a position. Address A. LUKRANPA, 2102
Alameda aye., Alameda. " ~' :
W 1 CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT ; Market— Electric lights In every ; room : 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
»wk; Ireo i.nn and bageage to and from ihf ferry.
, t>'K£LA__ UISX.Jr* WAKTJSU.
"?\r A PROTESTANT Ii AUND RE S S
-' ' for : institution, $25: girl tor cooKlng i and
housework, a short distance, $30; nurse, same
house-, (20; governess. $25; 5 cooks In American
and German families, $25, $30 and $36; boarding-
house cook, $i! - chambermaid, assist waiting,
hotel, $20; hotel laundress, $20. ana a great many
Birls to fill our numerous . situations In • city and
country. J. F. "CROSETT A CO., 312 Sutter st.
U/- ANTED - GIRL O FOR COOKING AND
tt housework, a short distance. $20; second girl,,
$20. s' c party here at 12 to-day: 5 conks in Amer-
ican anil German families, $25,530 and $3*: second
girl and laundress, 2 in family, ' $25: 2 'chamber-
maids and waitresses. $18 and $20," and t a great
many girls for cooking and housework in city and
country. J. f. CROSKTT A CO., 312 Suiter at.
GOOD SHAMPOOERS FOR BATHS, CITY. C.
AJ R. HAN.SE.V & CO.. 110 Geary st.
OOK. COUNTRY RESTAURANT, $25;, 2
A_". waitresses, restaurant, city, $16 and room;
chambermaid, country hotel, $20; girls for house-
work, ci y and country, $16 and $20. C R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary St. . " -■ "
"VTURSE 2 CHILDREN. DO SEWING, CITY,
IN $15; young nursegirl, 1 child, sleep home, »2
a week; girl for housework, Monday, city, $40;
you girl for housework, city, $20: German girl
for housework, city. $15; >drls for housework, city
and country, $12."515 and $20. C. R. HANS_N
CO., 110 Geary su
OOK. RESTAURANT, NEAR CITY, $25;
V^ cook for few people and wait at table, coun-
try. $20 and fare paid. C. B. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st. ■ - ■ -' ■
HAMBERMAID, WAIT DINNER, $20,
\J city: 2 waitresses, restaurant, city, $16 and
room; German chambermaid and wait, country,
$20;. French or German woman to do general
work In bakery, city, $15, and room. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO., 110 Geary St..
ATE AT YOUNG GIRL, $15: LIGHT HOUSE-
i.^I work. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OLOREDfiIRL OR WOMAN. 2 IN FAMILY.
$15: -0 housework girls, city and country. $20
and $25: 8 younc girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Su'.ter st.
OMAN WITH A CHILD, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Sutter st. __;____
• I COOKS, $30: SECOND GIRL, $26; NURSE,
— $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntterst.
eat YOUNG NURSE; slkkphome-, $10.
Xl MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
ANTED-LAUNDRESS, 3 DAYS A WKEK,
call early; German cook, small boardlnp-house,
$30: • French waitress and parlor maid, $25; girls
for housework and assist, $25, $20 and $16. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
WAITRESS, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
'" tel, $20, fare paid: cook, small country hotel,
$25: cook, few boarders, near city, $20: girls for
housework and cooking MURRAY A HEADY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
CHAMBERMAID, DO PLAIN WASHING,
\J small hotel, $20; cook, small country ' hotel,
$25; waitresses, country hotels, $20 each, and
others; chambermaid, $20. MURRAY READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MAN AND WIFE AS COOKS, $46. ETC.;
waitress for Oakland, $15, room, etc. : waitress, •
city, $15, room, etc. ; chambermaid, $20 and room ;
waitress, country hotel. $20 and room; colored
girl for Santa Rosa, $16, etc., 2 in family: 15
house girls, $15; 7 house girls, $'-'0: 13 young girls,
$8, $10 and $12 per month, assist, etc., nice fami-
lies. MARTIN'S, 749 .arketsU
QWEDISH OR GERMAN WOMAN COOK
O for few men on ranch, $25; German nur?e, $25;
nurse, £20: cook, $30: Swedish bousegirl. $25;
second girl, ; $20 ; 4 houseglrls, country, $20 and
$25. Apply 815 Sutter St.
AN D— A NUMBER OF GIRLS TO FILL
'» all kinds of situations; city or country. MRS.
HIRD, 721 Ellis st. :
\\r ANTED TO BOARD BY A RESPECTABLE I
» 1 German family without children a girl between
8 and 12 years: a good homo: also use of piano. !
Address D., box 122, Call Office. \
\y ANTED— GIRL for housework in
" country: wages $15. 322 Turk St., between 1
Hyde and Leavenworth.
"Experienced GIRL for GENERAL j
Hi housework and assist with baby; $15. 1618
McAllister st. ..-,■-:
■yonSG GIRL to ASSIST with HOUSE-
X work and care of children. Call before 12 it'
1001 McAllister st.
GIRL WANTED WHO UNDERSTANDS
VI German cooking and housework. 1440 O'Far-
rell St.- .. v . - : MS-;
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 100
McAllister st.
\\r ANTED— GERMAN GIRL TO WAIT AT
-." table. 334 Bush st.
VV PPRENTICE ON FINE COATS; SOME EX-
/V perience preferred. 1148V5i Folsom st.
AITRESS.FROJI 11 A. . M. TO 1 P. M.:
TT 25c. Restaurant, 210 Drumm st.
Ol T NG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
JL 1325 Guerrero St.: number on gate.
VOU.NG GENTLEMEN AND LADIES TO ]
1 join dramatic ciub. 732 Pine, near Powell.
rpAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS. 611
X Third st. .
IRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
sleep at home, $12. 610 Fulton st. ;
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
Apply 2709 Laguna St.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; GERMAN
preferred. Call after 9, 1720 Sacramento st.
"yoUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHIL-
X dren. Call 318 a Fell st. -
VOtIKO GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X wages $12. Call at 204 Shipley st.
FRENCH- GIRL J-OR UPSTAIRS WORK.
' MRS.' PARSONS, 1257 Octavla st.
ANTED-EXPERIENCED FINISHER ON
vests. 461 1/3 Minna st.
AII'RKSS, $4. APPLY. EARLY. READY
> 1 for work, at restaurant, 325 Fourth st. »
Tj^IRST-CLASS FINISHER CUSTOM
JD vests. 427 Natoma at.- . . .
WANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY j
■."» school; class forming for fall work; large
workroom: plenty of work; satisfaction guaran-
teed. 410 Leavenworth st. ' '
RELIABLE LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
business. Call r. SO. 131 Post. 10 to 5 o'clock.
WANTED— 2 OR 3 YOUNG LADIES FOR
*» course of iiortralt-palnting and photography;
good opportunity. Address M., box 66. Call Office.
PUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
V $1 a week. FLVNN, 14 McAlllßter St., r. 67.
p IRL. -FOR GENERAL 'HOUSEWORK:- AS-
*-J, ■slst with cooking. 1124 Gongh, cor. O'Farrell.
U/ANT. 11- WOMEN AND GIKLS FOR
•»" fruit cannery; Tenth and Bryant sts. CODE,
ELFKLT&CO.
pIRL (19 TO 26)— LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING:
VX twice weekly: $3 monthly. Gentleman, box
26, Call Office. ; ■■;... :
WANTED-EXPKRIENCED SALESLADY OF
'» pood address; steady position; salary to start
$6 per week. Address, stating reference, HANDY,
box 98, Call.
AIIiDItESsING. 25ci AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
AIR-DKESS ING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St., 105 9th.
EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
J ins;: $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 26c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st.
WANTED— OMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
on fruit. Apply injmediately.CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES c"a, Brannan st., between Third
and Fourth. . - -
\TOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
JJ - Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
'200 rooms; 2F-e to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
I «-r wf.-k: trrf 'hn« and i.aggrt-M- loand from tt-rrv.
M ALK ll*;i.P : WANT_I>. ,
TirANTED^Ts A WfTIER~"forTbOX ' FA&
' ' tory $3 50 a day: 3 tunnelmen, $1 50 a day
and board; cboreboy, $10 and found;; 2o laborers
for mining company. $1 a day and board: butter-
maker, $30 and found; young concentratorman. ;
$3 a day; fruit farmer; vegetable gaidener, $2J
and i assistant gardener, $-0: cooks, waiters and
others. . Apply, to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628
Sacramento st. ' :...'.:": : ;
CONCENTRATOR < (FRED), $4 A DAY: EX-
\J perienccd ■ man. to dry, figs;: miner, machine
drill, $3 v day; boarding-house waiter. $25: dish-
wnsher, country, $18 »nd room. ... T. WaRD A
CO., 6UBand6lUCiaysu ■ , ->-:■-. -.:. ■-.- :-■
"1 )ISH WASHER, :$3 60 ;- A : WKEK; DISH-
XJ washer, $4 a, 'week; dishwasher. ?5 a ■ week:
man s and ■ wife, cooks, ; $45, etc., • per - month: . 5
woodeboppers: German I waiter, $25,: room, etc.;
ranciihand .who can' do blacksmitbing. MAR-
.TIN's, 749 Market st. :■:,■: .-.
pOOK , AND WIFE FOR COUNTRY HOTEL,
v-/ wife ■to wait on 1 table, - $50; '- Germ in ■ cook,
country hotel, $40: cook, country hotel. $40:' sec-
ond i cook, hotel, I $35 ■to $40; i 2 -. waiters, country.
hotel, g3O. ;c. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary st.
WE WANT MONDAY 20 MORE MENjFOR
a ' • : railroad work ; north: • laborers, ' station | men,*
right of v.ay cicarers, etc.;' sl' 60 a day; ;no : oflice
fee; reduce 1 fare: we ship the first of the weeK.
c. R. Hanskn <fc CO., 110 Geary sU X V: ;'
FABMBE AN I) WIFE FOR A FRUIT RANCH,
1 - S3O and found ;' blacksmith for a stage station,
$.10 to $35 and tound; 6 larmers, $15 to < $20 and
found; milkers', choremen ana others' C. R. HAS-
SEN A CO., 110 Geary st. "
* :T\TEW t WALDO HOUSE, 766 MISSION.' BET.
■£* 3d and 4th— Single turn ished 100 ms, night 15c to
,50c;week $1 tos2 50;re£dlng-room;strictestattPn-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night, j
JFTEIiF-.TT ANTED— Contlnncul. .
iS LACKSMITH HELP. $30 AND FOUN_VFOR
»' a ranch: ■• 3 woodchoppers;; concentrator, $90
and found; 2 milkers;. 10 laborers; 20 tiemakers.
8c and 10c each: choreman for residence, $20; 3
waiters; ' 6 cooks: ' 2 dishwashers; - cook, lunch
counter, $90. ;MURRAY A READY', ; Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. ; ; -
QA MEN FOR A LARGE THRASHING OUT-
O\J fit and ranch near city, see boss here: follow-
ing : are some of men wanted— Sack-sewer, sack-
tender, derrick-forker, strawbuck, ; separator-
tender I header, wagon-driver, ; hoedown, laborers,
cook. etc. '< MURRAY <t READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CONCENTRATOR: $3 PER DAY. MISSCUL-
\J LEN, S«3 sutter ; r :
TIT AN TED— RELIABLE SCHOOLBOY IN
Ml, every ; city on 1 Pacifle Coast to distribute cir-
culars; good pay. Address Boy, box 105, Call.
V. HENKO, THE UPHOLSTERER AND
• carpet- ayer of 2116 Fillmore st., wants a
first-class all-round man. ; • •
ANTED— HANDY MAN AROUND ROOM-
'» I ing-house ; one that can hang paper.' il6 South
Park. ;."' ■■. - ■ -:.■"::■-. -;■ ■' ..'-■ ':■ ..'-■,■■-■,■■ : ■ ■;■- . . :
ANTED— COOK AND DISHWASHER AT
1653 Market st. .
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT
.»» waiter. 207 Second st.
OOD WAITER WANTED. 638 FOURTH
st. Call early. ' "V. ' " .
OOD BOBKR RESTAURANT COOK AT 8
Jackson st. ; wages $23 a month and room.
ANTED- STEADY YOUNG BARBER.
TT Call 9 a. m.. 43% Third st.
IVE CANVASSERS WANTED;: GOOD
commission to right parties. - J., box 29, Call.
ART.\EK WITH $75; WELLPA BUSl-
ness; good outside trade. 235 Third st.
AN WITH $150 CAN MAKE GOOD LlV-
ins ; light work ; short hours; no night or Sun-
day work. 921 Market st., room 1.
YOUNG MAN TO ASSIST IN OFFICE WORK;
X duties light: experience not necessary; will
pay $75 per month: deposit required, $150. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st. .
ANTED— HONEST, SOBER MAN IN GOOD
paying business; small capital required; see
to-day. QUS STRAND, 46 Third st.
L) AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X* P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
T> ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
I.AilßliK.-',' ASSOCIATION OF CA EMPLOY-
X> menu beefy, P. I*. Harnann. VS9</ 2 O'FarreH.
OY IN CYCLE RY WHO CAN REPAIR AND
adjust, wheels. D., box 8, Call Office.
O> ,i PANTS TO ORDER;: LATEST STYLE.
C^t WERTHMAN Pants Co, 22% Geary st.
ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner ;small capital. 122 Post St.; r.2.
N EXPERIENCED NIGHT FOREMAN IN
an electric-car barn. Box 11, Call Office, Oak-
land. ' •
OURNEYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
No. 27. J. B. I. U. of A n Employment Bureau,
102 Seventh st. • .
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.; LADIES, 40c;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's,S.F«
I BEEFSTEAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
JJ sc. 2 side dishes free. 635 Clay st.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, *3 60; -band-sewed
shoes, $6. 726 Vs Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
"" Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and trom the ferry.
TXT ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
" Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 5 feet , 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions 10 become citizens . will be
accepted: this' important branch of the naval
service offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recruling Office, 20 Ellis St., San. Francisco, Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $8: ladles', gents' and children's muni and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
UNNY ROOMS , ROM $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
The New Grand, 240 Third st. - "
T ODGINGS, 6c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
\V ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. ' Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & fO.; Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize oner
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
W E HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
TT selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. . 662 Mission st.
ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 250
night; $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st.
rpRY acme house, 957 market ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week."
i| INjjELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts.; single lurnlsoed nnj 75c week, 16c night.
B.— REiiOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
• 'Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
1/ in MKIN Mo TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 16c
X\i\J and 20c anight, including coffee and rolls
624 Washington at., near Kearny.
EST IN CITY--SINO' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, XI 60 per wee-
Pacific House, Commercial and Letdesdorff sts.
\\r „ ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
*T your old shoes and make them as good as sew,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price: done while you wale.
662 Mission at., between First and Second sts.
R" OOMS 15c TO 760 PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmra st.
\\/' ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
» ' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 160
large rooms: 26c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
ANTED— SINGLE . ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
p-»ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a week;
read leg- room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
LCliO HOUSK, 863% MARKET ST.—
Hi Rooms 20c. 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $3 week.
"VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i»l all grocers keen it. '
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
en_clerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
WANTED - MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent, x. F. Barber school. 1515 Howard.
AGENTS WANT_I>.
ToKNTS-'-BRYAN, WALL AND FREE
Silver" covers the campaign ground; Bryan a
prodigy; will inspire more enthusiasm than all the
other candidates. - F. P3R.-ON, Manager Sub-
scription Department. The Whitaker A Ray Com-
pany, 723 Market St. , .
ALARY AND COMMISSION TO MEN OF
good address. Room "0, 401 California, 9 to 10.
; ;: HOUSES WANTED.
SUNNY HOUSE OF 9 OR 10 GOOD ROOMB
in northwest section ; rent must be reasonable.
Address Naval Officer, box 70. Call Office.
VV ANTiiO— Ji 1 st JiLL, AN KO U.S. •
fjKTH^sT^RIc_^~PAID™F^R^C^ST^OFF
JJ. clothing and shoes, S. BERKOWITZ, 534
Pacific st., near Kearny.
\\' ANTED— TO BUY A SMALL SEAWORTHY
' » sloop: state price, . length, beam, depth, when
built and how. Address R., box 22, Call Office.
\\i ANTED-600 SECOND-HAND PACIFIC IN-
¥T cubators. W. C. A., 16thave. and F st., S. S. F.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. ULOTHING AND JKW
flrT to A. KLKI^. 109 Slxtli «t.:' send post—
ED ATI ON AT,.-
RX^ETviL^L^S^TY^ElrirTiTnPO^T^T?;
vocal music; piano; elocution; • practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a
specialty ; vocal classes, Monday, 8 p.m. ;$1 month.
TUIjIES -.- WILL BE 'RESUMED ;. AT ST.
Mary's College, Oakland, Monday .August 3. . '
LOCUTION ■ and drama: : delsarte
thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
8 p.m. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROKDER, 299 Hyde st.
MUSICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES lessons
in singing; $4 a month. 854 Mission st. *
TIEHL'S 1 COLLEGE, 723 MAKKET ST.,
offers unsurpassed - advantages and : induce-
ments in shorthand, • bookkeeping, ■ penmanship,'
typewriting, English branches,' languages, e;c:
expenses less than at any other college. • LEON
and LULA STIEHL, proprietors.
V RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
' lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, - bookkeeping, . etc.; lit*
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month. -.
R. _ M hfi. KOLA Mi ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market st., opp. Mason
. . ELASCO'B LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
ii Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block,- 7th and Mkt
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
assay : estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
NGLISH. -■:. FRENCH, GERMAN^ PIANO,
pointing, palmistry, $2 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
piANo LESSONS: PUPIL OF THE LKIPSIO
IT, Conservatory: m&d.terms.J.ijANGE,llo Hyde.
"VTEGATIVE RETOUCHING TAUGHT. MISS
IN L. FUERSTNOW." 131 Post st., fifth floor. '.;■-
-IN. SACKET, TEACHER :OF BANJO, 129
-i« Third st., San Francisco. :■■-- .'■•■■■>. v " : ---> ■::■.■
ÜBBA N aCHOOi. AT 21^4 CALIFORNIA ST.;
U opens July 27, 1896. "■■ N. W. MOORE, Prin. -;■
A LMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDO-IN, BAN-
xi. jo studio. 405 Geary," It. 17 : hours Btolop. M.
I OOKKPNu, WKi ARITHMTC. GRAMR
X> day it ni'.'ht.; noclasaes: $5 month. 845 Mission
/"I UITAR :■ MANDOLIN. 1 PIANO AND : VOCA li
VJ lessons : $3 mo. , MA R V W EST H A US. 39 Fifth.
"PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin.' i'ar.io. 1707 Mar-
"..:•,,, '' FHYSiCIANS. y^<-
RrTaTcT r o_io^NlK__rnibT^A^K^T7ctm;
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
iaon't fail to Consult dr. Jordan at
XJ his ! museum, > 1051 ' Market st. ; bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the wont cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
_ v ; _ BPsryTEss chances.
TO . SELL A"; BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
quick for cash gee GUS STRAND,' 4S Third St.
Q.AA CORNER GROCEKY AND BAR; NO.:
O\J\r. 1 location: pays well; cheap rent; bar-
sain; account of sickness. GUS STRAND, 46
Third st. ,
ffl» 1 )l)(\ LIQUOR-STORE, FULL VALUE IN
«_)J_jUU, sight: 6 good living rooms, cheap rent,
longl ease. See GUS STRAND. 45 Third St.
SALOON; NO 1 LOCATION: WITH 3 FUR-
nlsbed rooms; cheap rent; will -be sold at a
great bargain if taken at once. See GUS STRAND,
46 Third st.
"pOR SALE CHEAP-STAND IN THE BKST
A market; doing, pood business; small capital;
no nig!it or Sunday. STAND, 32 California Market
ONE OF THE BEST PAYING STANDS IN
the city; small capital required; good business.
STAND, 32 California Market.
IF YOU WANT TO SFLI. OR BUY A BUSl-
pesa. LUBELSKI _ CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
• YV> E WANT FIRS! -CLASS CIGAR STOHE:
'» cen trail v located; receipts must average $1200
to $1500 per mouth: must stand full ' investiga-
tion. LUB KLSKI „ CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
<_O^AA GROCERY AND BAR; ALSO CON-
: nD A*"* 'v. 'l fectfonery ; and fruit; doing $1000
business month In tine country town, lv hours'
ride trom city ; established 10 years; this Is a rare
bargain: will stand fullest investigation. LUBEL-
SKI A CASE, 7 City It all aye.
TTORSESHOEING BUSINESS: BEST IN THE
JU city; full value in sight: will sell, trade or
take in partner; investigate this. LUBELSKI A
CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
(J.n.)CA ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND
»j^«- — Ov. bar business; actual value of price
asked In stock and .-fixtures; good local and out-
side trade; must be sold, owner interested in other
business: Investigate this place. LUBELSKI.
CHASE, 7 City Hall aye. ,
TF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
J. let us show you some fin'- places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
<EIA f\C\f\ MOST ELEGANT CORNER SA-
UUU. loon, Including 12 handsomely fitted
up clubrooms: choicest location; low rent; long
lease; large, choice stock; doing good business.
WILKE &■ WOLF, 531 California st.
©nn/ift CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
)_/UU. 5 blocks from Kearny St., Western
Addition; large cash custom; daily receipts, $35;
low rent; bargain. WILKE A WOLF, 581 Cali-
fornia st. ■•: ■:.--■■• ''-:'■■.-■ . '
»QAA FIRST-CLASS SAMPLE-ROOM,
tJpOUU. with large patronage, near Examiner
office; owner In business for last 3D years wants to
retire. I.KE «fc W OLF, 531 California st.
<u«7p:a corner SALOON, with BUILD-
tiP • civ. ing, in Mission: Ion? ground lease; do-
ing good business. 531 California st., room 4.
©Q^fk CORNER SALOON ON GEARY ST.;
<POOU. rent $40: WILKE, 631 California st.
fflj'lCn BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
«]POO\-/. and candy store: 4 living-rooms; low
rent; doing business of (8 to $10 per day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, . 1126 Market St.,
at cigar-stand.
m>l C A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE SI OR K ;
xO\J, best location; receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1126 Market st. -
ffIJOQA CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
t]j?_i7U. laundry office: No. 1 location: living
rooms: low rent; doing good business. See BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st. -
•ffljl (X A BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
*iDXO\J. and candy store: north of Market St.;
low rent: doing fair business; living-rooms. See
BARRETT. 1125 Market. ■
<81l AOn OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER
<IPXUV/V7. saloon on prominent street: long
lease: investigate this bargain. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market. -
ffl»l Qnn PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING
iip_OUU. saloon. STENBERG C 0. ,632 Market
( )'7h x CORNER FRUIT STORE; OLD ES-
<SE>£> • O. tablished; living rooms; receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
TO BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS QUICK SEE
1 DKMING <fc CHARTS, 737 Market St.
TTALF INTEREST IN GOOD-PAYING MEAT-
XI market and grocery business: this Is a real
bargain: will bear investigation. DEMING A
SHARTS, 737 Market st. .
fflJ/IXA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN Al
*IP^O\J location: old established : owner there 6
years; 5 living-rooms; always enjored a rood
trade; rent $32 50. M. LESS A CO., 783^ Market.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement, brick building, con-
taining '98 rooms; also ground-floor . and well-
ligh.ed basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms. ' For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVKRBERG, 320
Sansome St., room 39.
rpHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is the best
paying Investment In Northern California, and
must be disposed of on account of sick 1 ess. for
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal. .
Tj-'OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST AND
.T best-known liquor-stores, in the very heart of
the city, together with a - fine ' stock -of wines,
liquors, etc.; fixtures in first-class order: to those
looking for business this is the best stand in city;
sickness the cause of sale. - Address for particu-
lars K. M., box 100, Call.
: ANTED— 10 MEN. EACH WITH $400, OK
one man with $4000; active or silent partners
in a manufacturing business; wl 1 make in three
years $120,000 and more; security In plant and
property. Inquire for 4 days at 239 Chattanooga
street, city from 8 to 10 o'clock a. m.. 2 to 4 p. M.
I^OR SALE— CHICKEN RANCH NEAR PET-
J alums: 5 acres of land; 5 rooms and basement-
cottage; 2 brooder-nouses, 2 incubators, horse and
wagon, tools, implements, 1000 hens: water all
over the place: or will exchange for city property.
For particulars Inquire at 826 Geary st.
ffI«7P.A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
«Ip I O\J. clearing $90 monthly: living rooms
with all furniture; full value in sight; a chance of
a lifetime; rent $20: must sell; proprietor going
East: no agents. Apply Call Office.
<Ei_-A.A. FOR SALE; SPLENDID OPPORTU-
jLUI/. nity; icecream parlor, caudy, station-
ery, . cigar and tobacco store; good location. Ad-
dress A. PILTZ, San Rafael, Cal., opp. broad-
gauge depot.
(1 OOD OPPORTUNITY ; SELLING OUT TO
y close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. D. , box 137. Call Office.
(Jjj AAA FOR SALE: LEADING JEWELRY-
. UUU. store: established 4 years; good
trade: best location in city of 6000: good reason
for selling at Invoice. Address box 176. Petaluma.
<_rAA PARTNER WANTED IN , LIGHT,
•jp«_)UU. genteel business: will clear $160 to
$200 a month: no experience required; no ex-
pense to investigate. 917 Market sl.. room 1.
Ti^Oß RENT— BAKERY, BOARDING AND
X 1 lodging house: stable: 10 lod-lng-rooms; 6 liv-
ing rooms; central part of San Mateo. Further
particulars inquire T. HIPPKN, San Mateo.
OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
first-class oyster and chop house for. sale,
cheap; best location in city: proprietor leaving
city. 216 Sixth. »
"UiOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— HALF INTE -
-T est in one of the best-paving hoi seshoet tig-shops
In the city; practical man only: will a low thor-
ough investigation. Address P.. box 12, Call.
ranch bakery, GROCERY, NOTIONS,
cheap: good business: 4 sunny rooms; large
yard ; side entrance. Corner Jackson and Leaven-
worth sts. -,'. - '
flfcQ^ AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
tJpO«) with $2*>o Invested: «afe; conservative;
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Brdwy.NY
(_QXA PARTNER; BUSINESS PAYING $3
rJp^juU. to $5 a day; more than value In stock
and fixtures: no experience. Genuine, box 60. Call
<_ "I ~t\ BAKER V , |J CONFECTIONERY,
«Jpx<_)U. grocery, coffee parlor; also 2 furnished
rooms; big bargain; call at once. ' 219 Sixth st.
NTT-BO AD BUSINESS CORNER TO
lease; a bargain to the right party; building of
20 rooms: large stable. Apply to Call Office.
1 BARGAIN; SALOON; BAR RECEIPTS $16
Ij to $13 daily: rent. $20; near San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California St. .
VESTMENTS ARE RECEIVED FROM $5
1 up at 217 Sansome si., room 7; Interest per an-
num, 10 per cent; and share, 25 per cent.
p,LD-ESTABLISHED 3-CHAIR BARBER-
\J shop, account of retiring from business; owner
6 years In the place. 1308 Howard st.
lIAKERY AT A BARGAIN; BAKES FROM 3
•I > to 4 hols, of flour daily ; full inspection allowed.
Centerville, Alameda County. ■
IGAR, CANDY AND NOTION STORE; 3
\J snnn}' living rooms; lucky one for a bargain:
1104 Folsom st. ; no agents. - ■
■ "PARTNER for . beer-bottling • BUSI-
X ness; experience not necessary. 712 Four-
teenth st., near Market. : ; . .
rpHK ONLY MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
J. of 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHEN hUSH. ; .
CIGAR-STORE.TRANSFEKCOR-
ner; \ nccount of sickness. Apply Sixth ■ and
Market sts.
I/OR BRANCH BAKERY AND NO-
J? tions; 3 rooms; rent $15; must be sold. ' Apply
Cai 1 Office. . . '
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
X will pay $160 per . month: price $4000. Apply
this office. f a, ■
T/lINE CORNER SALOON ■ AND RESTAU-
X: rant Fell and Stanyan ■ sts., opp. Golden Gate
Park. ' ■•■;•-".•,•'■■.-■,■■ ■ -■: - ; ; '.■-..;■ :■ ■;■-': -
OTEL TO RENT; FURNITURE FOR SALE.
.226 Michigan, opp. Union Iron Works.Potrero.
T UNCHSTAND FOR • MONTGOMERY
XJ aye. and Kearny st." Call after 6 p. _.
p ROCERY ND BAB, TRANSFER CORNER,
\J cause sickness. Apply Call Office.
Ql C\(\ BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS:
: tIPJ-OU. rooms; $12. SK IFF _ CO., 921 Market.
PARTNER IN (;o:)D PAY.NG BUSINESS;
capital required $100. 1004 Market St., room 1.
GENTLJ-.MAN partner WANTED by, A
VXiiady. . Room 9, second floor, 122 Post st.
OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY;
 bar. HILBERT BROS., 103 Powell st.
FOR i SALE — DOWNTOWN . SALOON, FOR
C cash. Address B. 8., box 4. Call Office.. _
FITTED" UP LIQUOR-STORE. ; IN-
'XI -; quire 732 Devlsadero St., cor. Fulton. - ; : ■ ■ ■■•. -.-:' .'■
<Hii fifl ~? MILK ROUTE, 12 CANS, 3 HORSES,
«JP UUU. wagon. : Apply 866 Mission.
LODGING-HOUSES ' FOE SALE.
STENBEKG C 0..........:....652 MARKET ST.,
■ OPP. PALACE HOTEL.
1 2 rooms, sunny corner. 1 floor :.;.... $ 450
23 rooms, corner, vicinity of Baldwin 801)
35 rooms, none better, clean $175 — ....'.... 120U
42 rooms, clears $125. trial given............ 800
50 rooms, most prominent corner. 35 ; offices per-
mnnen tly rented, 15 rooms pay rent.
/' A-ROOM HOTEL AND BAR TO EXCHANGE
OU ......:... .......■.•..- «2000
9 rooms, 0n1y— ye5— 0n1y........... 2J5
12 rooms, only $160 cash and payments 600
20 rooms, corner, only. 1500
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments..... 300
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 t0....... 6000
: Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
_» A i I 'CASH; BALANCE EASY Pa Y-
&OUU. ments; 12 room. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
1 O R00M5....... $3501132 ROOMS $7,000
J O 29 r00m5....... LOO 25 r00m5..... 500
43 rooms. 800 12 rooms 2SO
40 r00m5...... 4.500 28 rooms... 550
10 r00m5.......... 150:23 r00m5. ... 900
UNDERWOOD & CO., 766 Market st.
ax. ROOMS- CORNER; best location"-
-40 $100 per month clear over all expenses; will
sell at a sacrifice. Address C. G.. box 121. CalL
00 ROOMS AT A BARGAIN: ELEGANTLY
O_j famished: -pays 106 a month; trial given.
Address L. H., box 104, Call.
_» -1 A. . MUST S. LL; LODGING-HOUSE 11
rip !._''• rooms: good furnltur»; cheap rent; fine
location. Address C. D., box 98, Call Office.
1 A ROOMS: ELEGANTLY FURNISH
x\J chance for desirable tenant; choice; low
rent. 203 Taylor st. .
00 WELL- FURNISHKD ROOMS: FULL: LOW
■^O rent: cheap. 904 Howard st., woodvard.
" FUBS XT UIt—!* *v/.i SiALK
i"'p_RE l^ ISALil SALii l T" r " n^ n " ri " :
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets I" 60
Bedlounges.. 800
Steves 7 50
Carpets, per yard... 65
Linoleum, per yard..,.. 65
Matting, per yard ;..V... .'....' 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busine**
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
NEW FURNITURE AND CARPETS FOR 3
rooms: flat, cheap, suitable dressmaking busi<*
ness or small family. 1232 a Broadway, nr. Hyde.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
A(\{\ CARPJtTS; CHAMBER BETS. $14;'
rt\/\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: fotdtne-»«cti,
$10; bed-!onnges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY . 112 4th.
GOOD FURNITURE, ALMOST nEW, ALSO
best cooking-stove and very best carpets are
to be sold at a great sacrifice, on account of re-
moval. Call on Sunday or In afternoon during
weekdays at 209 Chestnut St., near Dupont: no
dealers wanted.
FUKNITUBE WANTED.
"D UCKING HAM FURNITURE CO. PAYS
XJ highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. : send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FU«Nl-
ture. J. CURTIS. 1239 Market; send postal.
I WANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE FlX-
tures of any kind; will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 < ity Hall aye.
rpo SELL FURNITURE TO A VANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERSTi.IN.969 Howard st.;send postal
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNE-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
NDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co., 1067 Market, pays cash,
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURMTURK,
. earn* t ». piano. 11:<!S Market: ■<•!. Jessie 7BL
CAKF-j; CJLJiANINO.
J~ON^B CU CAR PET -^EAXINO^ANB
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 8:u.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. 3c. : RU(*
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. stratum, 198 th st.
pREAT WESTERN CA RPET-BE ATIN3
VJT works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
\A, r HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
TT poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
KLIN CARPET EEATING WORK- 33i
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J tint, 38 Bth. STEVENS. mgr. TeL South 250.
pARPBTS CLEANED AND RENOVATKO
\J like sew. FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth: tai.
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successor*.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. _1_
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-'
. ovatlng works. 453 Mpyt-nson: ml. south 228.
MUSICAL INSTItUJVI-INTa.
PECIAL OFFER— ELEGANT NEW PIANO
with beautiful stool and scarf sold at low prices
at $6 per month; satisfaction guaranteed; repre-
senting Hardman, Chase Bros, and other standard
makers. THE J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
PECIAL INDUCEMENTS TO PROBPEC-
tive buyers before removal to my own building,
626 Hayes St.; now Is your opportunity to buy or
exchange or rent pianos: musical instruments at
cost. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market st.
A MOTHER SPECIAL INDUCEMENT FOR
A purchasing from Sherman. Clay <& Co. ; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
$6 cash payment required; every instrument
maranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO., cor.
Kearnv and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway <_ Sons' pianos.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
_ "V pianos, both new and second-hand at THK
F. W. SPENCER CO. warerooms,933Marketst.
, g. badger, sous agent for hallet
.<_ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac' to
Q UPRIGHTS, $100: >QUaRE, $75; NEW
♦-> pianos, $175; all musical goods cheap. MAD-
VAIS, 769 Market st.
<2«1 ftft FINE HAINES PIANO. SCHMITZ,
«3)lUv/. 16 McAllister St., next Hibt-rnia Bank.
"DEFORE BUYING SEE AINE BROS. 1 , BUSH
XJ A Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. l. BANCROFT a CO.. 324 Post st.
(WHICKERING, KNABK. STKCK. VOBK, STER-
J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; piano*
tor rent. iIENJ. CPRTAZ _ SON. IB O'Farrelt.
pLEABANCKSALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
V^ up; everything at cost. BRUENN, 228 Post.
YRON Jl.-UiV, ' LOS POST ST.— SOHMK-.
Newby.ife Evan^ J'.rlgcs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD*NIC\-
-0 H. MI'LLEIt. mnkiT. r^nnlr-r. J Latham pluoa.
hOKSIiS, — —
MU 8T B SOLD— ALL THK WaGONS.OARTS,
1»L buggies, • surreys, rockaways and horses la
livery stable at 3114 Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
ORStS AND WAGONS— FINE DRIVING-
and riding horse; sound and gentle. 143
Bart ett st.
AUGHT HORSES FOR SALE OR EX-
change. Apply at 38 California st.
TKONG DELIVERY HORSE iN GOOD CON-
O ditiou; a bargain. 159 Second st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own mike, of every de-
scription, for l»-ss money than yon can buy - tern
trash; send.for catalozue. 11 McAllister st..S. F.
"1 c A, SETS NEW AND SECONI> HAND HAR-
xO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, Duggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be gold. 128 Mission st,
CAA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-"
O\J\J cess; all kinds: biiffKy.waßon, carts, surrejr
<Erockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th an.l Valencia.
Aft HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS!,
ri\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor.*«
Market, 327 Slx.h St.; auction sales every Wedne*
flay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
OR.-_M PASTURKD; St.Nl) XiX CfRJU-
Inr. 'l'h° 'lwl» Kiini-b. <■»> rnwn- rcUl it.
VVAGON-i AM* CAICIiIAUK-.
OR "SALE — CARRIAGE, HARNESS "aND
matched team, chestnut norsps: also horses,
buggies, etc. New York Stables, 607 Jessie St., near
.Sixth. ■.-.-:. -
"TURST-CLASS TOP BUGGY AT A BARGAIN.
T 420 McAllister st. -. -
VTEW PHAEION FOR SALE CHEAP. 838
■IX ; Devlsadero st., near McAllister.
OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
-T carriages of every desc iption; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvili Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
QLIUHai SOILED -DBIVTNG GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome s_
VTKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
iN dry. milk and grocery waeons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. b2B Harrison st. ■
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
pERTiFICATE OF COPARTNERSHIP.— WB
\J certify that we • constitute a copartnership
transacting business In this State. Its principal
place of business Is at San Francisco, California.
Its name Is KHRMAN A CO., and the full names
and respective ' places of residence of all Its mem*
bers are signed hereto. '
Dated San Francisco, Cal., July 2. 1896.
-, ■?.-.- MYER EHRMAN,
'By JOS. EHRMAN, his attorney In fact),
Residing at .San Francisco, California.
«■'"-<■ JOSEPH KHKMAN,
> Residing at San Francisco, California.
, SOLOMON W. EHRMAN.
Residing at San Francisco. California,
ALBERT L. EHRMAN.
Residing at San Francisco. California.
' Duly acknowledged Defore SAMUEL ROSEN-
HEIM, .notary public in: and for the City and
County of San Francisco, Stale of California.
•> Indorsed. ,
Filed July 2, 1896. ■BMBH
_ C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON. Deputy Cleric.
&TOKAUE.
TORAGE— CH E APE^StTn~tl£e'cltT[ : 7flr£
O proof building; advances made. . 211 Larkin.
FURNITURE. . PIANOS, TRUN KS: ADT
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. YL0K.204 Pose
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
1 tow rates; lire-proot building; Eastern plan.HOrSK"» m mtt. —£ J
M; I >K. BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH : 2- I
story. 7 room- and bath; to good i order: $25 \
with water... Apply to C. H. CAI'P & CO.. l.cal ,
Estate Agents, 415 Montgomery su |
ULTON, Br.T. LAGUNA AND BUCHANAN;
r neat 2-story, bay-window, 6 rooms and bath:
rent $26 25, with \va er. Apply -to C B."™ _
CO.. Real Estate Agents 415 Montgomery ' si.
RAN NAN ST.. A BOY - KCU N I), NO. 308:
2-story, 6 room, and bath; rent KM. , with
water: in" good order. Apply to C. S. CArr _
CO., Heal itstate Agents, 41 Montgomery w.
ONES, BKT. JACKSON~AND 'ACIDIC; 2 " ;
story, ba>-wlnaovv,-8 rooms and bath, with
Burden, etc. .-will be put in order for good tenant.
Apply to c. S. CAPP _ co., Ktal Esiato Ag-euU
415 Montgomery st. * .
TEVKNSO.N (OR LEXINGTON) AV^BEl'.
0 Twentieth and Twenty-first: 2-story. 6 rooms
and batn; rent only $18, with water. Apply »<*
-. CAPP _ CO., Real -stale Agents. 41j Mont-
gomery St. .:'-'-' .
OUSES TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. :-' ■':■■ .
97^r' TWENTY-THIRD". N». HAMPSHIRE
-. I OO —6 rooms; bath: yard: rent gib.
T OWEK PART OF HOC-E TO LET; KENT
Xj cheap. 908V 2 Poat st. ■
ANDSO.VIE; NEW; BROOMS; J< ' B ';' KL li I r ?
bath; sunny, and cheap rent. 51i Guerrero.
1 f.AQ CENTRAL AVK.-FOUK BOOMS AND
IOUO bath. $15: terminus Sutter-street ears,
Q*»7 TEHAMA, BET.FOURTH AND FIFTH—
00 i 8 sunny rooms, sunny yard, perfect order.
711 SUTTER StT7~NKa"R~ TAYLOR- VERY
* XX choice; elegant: spacious; reasonable.
~A PPKECIATKD IF SEEN : CHOICE FOR
A. doctor or dressmaker. 829 V. Sutter., nr. Jones.
9Q RINCON PLACE, RINCON HILL, OFF
— O Harrison st., between First and Second—
of sunny house; fireplaces in parlors; view or
bay-
1 *1 PAGE-HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE
X-J stable. .
SPLENDID 1.-ROOM HOUSE, 3392 TWENT\-
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private rosidpnee: very low r«-nt ■ ______
HKMSHKD MOUSES.
FINE PIANO AND FURNITURK OF 7
rooms for sal": owner leaving city. 351 Grove.
COTTAGES TO LET.
0_ • .) 81 :• OMS AND
0 X— '• stable: suitable tor expressman. 2433P05U
ODERN COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS, BAKER ST.,
beL California and sacratuento. Apply J. G.
JACKSON 48 Market st. ________
QAQ POTRERO -AVE., NEAR TWENTIETH
OVJO st-— Cottage 5 rooms and bath: rent *16: a
bargain. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE _ CO., 218
and 220 Montgomery st. . .
SUNNY COTTAGE; 4 ROOMs; BASEMENT:
stable; very cheap. 1303 Baker St., nr. Geary.
r.XCt NATOMA— SUNNY COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS
000 ana bath; large yard; rent reasonable.
Q.)- 310 -NOE ST., 6 ROiKMS, NEWLY
—O. renovated; bath, stable, basement.
TO LET (NICE MEW)— COTTAGE OFFOUB
rooms and large yard. 2300 Polk st.
POTTAGE. 4 AND 5 ROOMS; BATH: BASE-
\J ment and yard. Cor. Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
<_Q 3 ROOMS, 18 PROSPECT AYE.,
■CO.uU. bet. 27tii and 28th sts.. near Mission.
nnuriSHJBO flats.
F"~URNISHEDHOCSe7 ROOMS, $14: WATER
free. 75 Federal st-.off2d .bet-Bryant <fc Brannan.
FLATS XO LJiT.
QOrHAV Es7~^Eaß~ "FiLLiToRE^U PPER
COX flat, 5 rooms and bath. $16, with water:
lower flat, 3 rooms and bath, $8. with water. Ap-
ply to C -. CAPP & ca, Keal Estate Agents, 415
Montgomery
C A (\ SECOND, NEAR BRANNAN — NICE
O"±U flat; 61arce rooms and bath; rent $22 50,
with water. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO, P.eal Es-
tate Agents, 415 Montgomery St. j
SF.E THOSE ELEGANT NEW CORNER '
k5 flats. 1416 and 141S Ellis st: 5. 6 and 7 rooms
aid bath ; rents $21. $30 and $32 60; electric cars
pass. -MADISON -BURKE.
ATEW FLAT OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH.
IN 1232 V. Folsom St., bet. Eighth and Nlnth.|
<_ i/ < UPPER B UN N T FLAT. 6 ROOMS;
♦jXU. yird; near 3 car lines. 1305 Vallejo st. ,
Al ODERN SUNNY UPPER CORNER FLAT,
_\1 6 rooms, bath, stable. Corner Hattie and Mer-
ritt, bet. seventeenth and Eighteenth sts. ;
■L-«LAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH: RENT $15.
X 243 Clara st. Key at grocery.
il_ Q ANDS9;4 ANDS ROOM FLA IS. 12 WEST
£ O Mission st. NICOL, 534^ California St.
FLATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN" & HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st. . -
Cii - L'PPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS. 1016 SHOT-
v 1 I • well St., near Twenty-fourth, warm oelt.
lit KAUSCH *»T.. AEAK UuWaKD-.MCE
-1 O sonny 8-room flat; large yard: cheap rent.
Ql /» ALL NEW AND MODERN: 4 ROOMS;
. C 10. nice neighborhood; cars. t3ac& iroderick
M" ODERX B-ROOM FLAT: IN FINE ORDER:
only $26. 825 Howard st-, near Fourth.
-TfLAT OF 4 ROOMS: RENT $10. 716 NA-
J toma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
4 SUNNY, MODERN FLATS, 747, 749, 731,
735 Capp st., bet. Mission, Howard, Twenty
second and Twenty-third: contain 6 and 7 rooms,
ba:b. mantle, fireplaces, separate yards, etc.; rent
$20 and $22 50: water free: key car. Twenty-
third st. Apply CFARRKLL & CO.. 1 1 Montscy.
£ (9 AND 544 iSA.Ni. IiKZ. NEAR NINE-
-0 __i tee nth— 4 rooms, bath each; good as new.
' 9^\ i' o - 8011 — LOWER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS.
NEW SUNNY MODEKN FLATS— 92S GOLD-
en Gate aye., $23; 14211 _ Hayes St., $18.
C; 1 9 COZY UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS. 716% j
Ci- . Tehama St.. near Eighth.
1 (\i\ POST — 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X i UP flats: garden, bath: $13 and $16.
UNNY.FLAT— 3 ROOMS. $12: 511 SECOND
St.; water free; key 515 Second St.
<JUQ LOWER FLAT. 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 267
*£)V. Dore at., off Harrison.
HOWARD COURT, OFF FOURTH ST.—
rooms; water free: rent $14.
LOWER BAY-WIND. FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
yard. 301-2 Moss, off Howard, bet. 6th and 7th.
'Cjl Q ELKGANT MODERN -«UNNY FLATS;
»_ 10. 6 rooms, ba:li. 135 San Jose aye., n r. 24th.
LAT; 5 KOOMS: BATH; GOOD MARINE
view. 21U6 Leavenworth -U, bet. Filbert and
Greenwich. ■
QA 9 GROVE. NEAR FILLMORE— LOWER
Clii flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; basement; yard: $25.
(I>l IK WATER ' FREE- LOVELY UPPER
wlO. modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
Caa:ro cars. 4073 Twenty-t-ird si.: key 4075.
■pvESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
iJ with bath at.d all modern improvements.
633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and liou.a; reut, in-
clndlnc water. $42 50.
TVJEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
i.i ; water free. 629 Ivy aye.
"L'LtOANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
XJ low Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms, hath: t« 10 SI 6.
~ hULM^ki^KPLXi HOOJVIs.
Bryant Street.
C"! -I BRYANT, NR. THIRD-NICE SUNNY
i)Il snite: $9 permonth.
Clay Street.
1 790 CLAY— FURNISHED PARLOR FLOOR
11-O3 rooms: - housekeeping; folding-bed;
yard; $20. .'.'-.'. ■ -
Devlsadero Street.
'q £7 DEVISADERO, COR. OAK— 2 OR 3
•~>O I large sunny corner rooms, partly furnished,
for man and w.fe; light housekeeping; references.
~~ Ellis Street.
on' ELLIS— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
'iJCiO parlor suite: housekeeping rooms: first floor.
i 11th Street/
QAQ FIFTH-NEW HOUSE: BAY-WINDOW
«jU<L/ room, $10, for housekeeping; . others rea-
sonable. . -
09- FII-TH— FURNISHED. HOUSE-
OZO keeping: 2, $10: 3. $13: single. $5.
Fourth .treat:
AC\H FOURTH-2 OK 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
*±O I for housekeeping; private family.
i . etiry SI col.
f)irl GEAP.Y- THREE HOUSEKEEPING
_ 1 I 3 rooms: rent reasonable key 217.
' Guerrero Street.
-I OAI GUERRERO. CR. TWENTY-FOURTH,
X _ i\Jx- fine large corner bay-window room, with
dining-room and kitchen: 2 grates; use of bath:
hot water; completely furnished for housekeeping;
very reasonable. , ■':■•''
__ Harrison. Street.
Ron HARRISON — 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
iOO for housekeeping, with bath; $13 a month.
II ayes Street. -
I A 1 O HAVES — SUITE OF ROOMS WITH
J.tt Lo use of kitchen.
Howard Street. ;\
/}' A HOWARD-SUNN V FRONT ROOM AND
\jO\J kitcnen: fnrnlsbei for housekeeping. ■. - -,
|O',| HOWARD-NICE ; FP.ONT -HOUSE-
XZOo: keeping room; also single room; cheap.
-1 rr" ~_ HOWARD. FOURTEENTH—
X I 00 Pleasant bedroom: regular kitchen; porch
range: gas: bath; everything: first class;- morning
sun; rentsl2. .:."., . --•-/,:.'-".'. .
9/1 { )f\ HOWARD— OR 5 SUNNY ROOMS:
J. c IJ.\J furnished housekeeping ; location:
nice bouse; garden: $25. . . .'- '••- - !
i.}"<i e Street. ;....-
-91 A HYDE — 2 NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
_j Xv housekeeping rooms; $15.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS- Continued.
Jessie Street."
99/( JES«IE-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
—i —*x housekeeping: $10.
Aqii JESSIE -2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, j
tt 1 \J neatly furaiihed for honseleeping. ■ ■ .■ |
iu_rkln v Sims;.
400 LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED BAY-
riKfiJ window housekeeping rooms; reasonable.'
,904- LAKKIN— BONN V FKONT CONNECT-
i -J J * : Id?, *10; large buck housekeeping rooms,
$7 and $5.
LeaTcuworih street.
iniK LEAVEXWOttTH—S UNFURNISHED
X\JXtJ rooms with bath for housekeeping; $10.
i— in 11a Mreei.
ZAfl FURNISHED ROOMS, COM- |
*" plete for housekeeping; large yard.
J-^6|OII >_ l'<t«f..
OQO MISSION — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING i
000 room, modernly furnished, $9; also oth- I
era, $7. '...-..- v .- : ' ■----■ ■ ■.-
" * Slogs Street.
I O MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH— 3
XO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
: >Htoma Street. ' ,
OH NATOMA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS, $4 j
O- and $6. . . , .. ' .
9<zl NATOMA, NEAR FOURTH— 3. FUR-
— ■ '. x nished housekeeping rooms; very con- |
venient. . .
— = - NATOMA— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
OOO plete for housekeeping, $8.
7wTS~N ATOMA^a FURNISHED FRONT
OU«J rooms for housekeeping: also single.
Ninth Street.
Q-l NINTH— BAY-WINDOW ROOM
— 1 for light housekeeping ; also others.
~~ Oak Street.
Q1 OAK— SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
OX keeping; also single rooms; bath.
~ lost Street.
7 i - 'POST-UNFURNISHED LOWER FLOOR,
i 1 0" whole or par;, for housekeeping. .
nOO POST-TWO PLAINLY FURNISHED
_— pleasant back rooms for. housekeeping; [
rear entrance: $10. '■ . . I
~ • Scott Street.
1 G~l A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 . SUNNY ROOMS; UN-
IDl'x furnished; bath; garden; etc. j Call p. m.
iuinl si ret. v
on | THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING |
OU-i rooms, $10: single. $5 up; bath and tubs. 1
QQ A THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE- i
.')»") 1 keeping rooms; good accommodation; I
water free: $tt- . -
~~~~~ Twenty-sixtri Street.
OQCO TWENTY-SIXTH-HOUSEKEEPING:
0000 rooms, every convenience, $8 to $10!
single rooms, $4 and $5.
Van >cs« Avenne.
QOA VAN NESS AYE.- NICELY FURNISH-
jjjj\) ed rooms lor housekeeping. -
Washington street.
rrvti WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNIBH-
O\J~i ed housekeeping rooms: running water.
.-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE !
V. WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the j
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- '
" KOO.H .y^'^y^^^^^^J
California Street.
-i , on A CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED
XTt— .o rooms for gentlemen; $6 and $9; lower
flat: reference. . .
i-ifclHh r>treei.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOr&E, 2S BTH j
0 n.. n«>ar Market: furnished and unfurnished.
IAQ EIGHTH — FURNISHED SUNNY
J_\JO front bay-window room. ' - '
Eleventh Streeet.
m ELEVENTH — SMALL FURNISHED
room $4 month. . : _^^
%ik%M Street.
m ELLIS— ELEGANT ROOMS; |
I.X _: transient; also single rooms; gentlemen;
$3 month.
t VANDELL, 120 ELLIS— SUNNY SUITES,
A $4 week up; single rooms, double beds, $2 up;
bath free.
ri'HK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
X MART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot & cola water.
QOl ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
Cfj—l lodiring w# recommend the Kosedale House. ■
/jOA ELLIS— AT ROOM. $10: GENTLE- i
001/ man; ) rivate family; bath; no children; j
references required. . - ■■■■ •-- • . ■ ■.■— .-- ■■■ - ■ - -
v»t_ry Mien.. , ■
GEARY' — CORNER SUNNY SUITE: j
rrOO first floor: bay-window single rooms: an- :
nex 502 Taylor St., large suite for physician or )
dentist. MKS. E. A. H-jPKINS.
791 GEARY ST.— LARGE, HANDSOMELY ;
• —JX furnished rooms; rent reasonable. j
TIHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS; I
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye. 1
Grant Avenue
91 Q GRANT AYE: — 3 SUNNY ROOMS, j
—iXO •suitable for dressmaker, $20. .
drove Street. -
CAQ GROVE— FURNISHED SUNNY I
O\JO room. ■ ■
Harrison Street.
,4-% r HARRISON-HOUSEKEEPING RMS.; I
; t:1 I bedroom, kitchen; $7, $8, $10 per month. > \
. ' ; :
Howard Street.
QOI HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALL j
< ■— 1. kinds; $1 a week up; also transient. -
1 OAQ HOWARD — FURNISHED ROOK;
XJLxjO piano; bath; gentlemen. - . ; ■- j
1 OAt? HOWARD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH— j
X OUD 3 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms; $8.
Jessie Street.
f»9r JESSIE-SUNNY FRONT ROOM FOR
D-COlady. . '-'.
. Jones Street.
9H7 .'WF!»-THE VAN ■WIITICLK: NEW
_. \J * management: elegant sunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished; bath, etc; $10 to«»a
bearnr street.
OA KEARXY— FURNISHED FRONT SUITE
OU and single rooms: electric lights; tourists
solicited. -.'..'*:..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY — j
-*■ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first j
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
Langton Street. v .
9Q AI LANGTON— 4 NICE ROOMS AND
-<Ovg stable, cheap.
X.ar_in Street.
1 nf\f\ LARKIN-LARGE SUNNY FUR
L—AJ\J nished front room, $7; single. $4 and $5
l-eavemvorrh Street..
CAT LEAVENWORTH, COR. O'FARRELL—
OUX Fine large corner sunny rooms;- running
water: grate; very reasonable.: '
iiklkft ' -U«»-. -
VOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-TEE j
I night, 850 to $1 : week. $1 60 to $6: families.
31 in 11 Mre»..
CMIT MINNA, COP.. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU 1 nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
• o'i-rreil aueo;. .•"..' ,*. :■'
©19 LARGE FRONT ROOM: PRIVATE'
y)l_i. family: within 1 block Powell and O'^ar- |
relL. Inquire Creamery, 207 O'Farrell st.
Page >treet.
Q1 f* PAGE— 2 NICE FURNISHED ROOMS;
OX D quiet home. - • . ■ •
1 Polk street.
1 7 POLK - FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
X I or single; f» to $12: housekeeping.
Post Street.
71 9 POST— LARGE SUNNY ROOM, SUIT-
I XjU able for 2; use of piano and parlor. .
■ Mxtli . S reel.
IAQ SIXTH ST.-NICELY FURNISHED, {
J vO sunny rooms: lean, quiet; $5 up. .-•. |
mblXl H — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
* nicely furnished double and single rooms.
Stevenson Street.'
Y^O-OPERATtVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON— ]
\J Rooms clean and cheap; reading-room. j
Stockton Street.
A 1 7, STOCKTON — LARGE, FRONT BAY-
Tti f window room, $8; single, front. $5; sunny.
.. iiiint -i rea.. • :
QAQ SUTTER- Ft KNISHED ROOMS OR
OUO suites. : $1 25 to . 910 a week; night, 25c to
$1 60; transients solicited. . . - . : --.\
nf)t* SUTTKR— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS IN
I _.U private family; gems only; references re-
quired. :'H.Y --'•■". ■■-■ - ■:' ■ .'.-•■ ■---* ";■:■ -V'-./j'
Taylor! Street.-
-1 An TAYLOR— DOUBLE . PARLORS: . SEP-
-1 '.'•' arate beds; all conveniences; Tingle $1 60
a week. — „.".■: __ ■_ '' : .- ■':'■--' -'--'^.\~: .-■■ " -- "' -_ ;
- -" Miscellaneous. •
SUPfNY SUITE AT ■ THE WTNDEMERE,
cox. Bash and Van Ness aye., 2 or 3 rooms and
bath. - - 'i%__^_l_gf|S_^g_Sß__B_R___B<
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
Q/Tqt^SKVKN I'KE.VIH, NEAR GUERRERO
O"i01 —Sunny furnis ed room In private fam-
ily, with use of bath, for 1 or '£ ladies, with or with-
out board. ■ - .~ . ' - .; :./:.'■."■''■:,■.■ ■.■'■'- : f.\'* ! j:-V
"LI UTiiL BEKTLING, 714 UtSH-A FAMILY
XX hotel: references jjlveu ana required; all moa-
«-r»i fnnvfiili'iii'w. " ■•■-" '; ■ ■ ■' " .
CHILOKKN 15OAKI)_U.v ;
TITA^T^-D^N^A^T^T^BO^r^^ terms
" 'reasonable. Address .*•:.. box 41. this office.'
... STOKES TO LET. . ■,'V;-
TVoOD CORNER, • WITH , OH WITHOUT
VT rooms, and place" for horse; cheap rent; suit-
able for any business. Eighteenth and Capp. -->
p ROCERY-STORE AND '£ ROOMS; GOOD
VJT stand; rent cheap. 17 Zoe st,, bet. Third and
Fourth. Bryant ami Brannan. -' ' "
O_\t"lC._S TO LET.
Q«>U I^U^TTETC^NK^FoNiEs^CHmCE'^OR
.0% oflicea and residence .combined; reason-
able, i. ■■ ■■' ,' , ■;... >"■ ■ ;■-'• ..•-:. -i-r .-:;.■-.■■
90 KEARNY— FINE FURNISHED ROOMS
■— O and offices to let; quie; house.
PRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
0 Elegant snnnv offices, $12 60 up: electric-light:
heating and Jhnttor service free. Apply at building
'or O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
• STABLES TO '', LET.
STABLE OF 12 STALLS AND LARGE YARD.
•-'3O Ful.onst.
-. ; ' ' :i BICYCLES.
IGHT^NtTw^iB96 W^UKETX~f3S^CASH
each. 113 Battery st. ' '
U-SHIK TANDEM. ALMOST NEW: TRIB-
-D une, $50: Cleveland, $40: Rambler. $40: Ben
Hut, ladies', $50. DAVIS B ROS., "25 Geary St.
■\7OSEMITE TANDEM ALMOSI NEW. $85:
X bicycles less than cost. W. CRANE, 324 Post.
J" W INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
LJARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
' ' single wheels. 306 Post st. , -
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
X best accommodations. Terminus ■ Geary, Mo-
All later and Powell st. car lines. . ■ f
_^J_t^SALE- _LI_OICL_A>KOU!*.
T>ICTURE-KRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
-L 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c. ; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c. ; 16x20, 30c: 18x22, 35c; 20x
-4. 45c: 22x28 in.. 60c. JONES, 547 Miss on St.
T/IOR SALE— COMPLETE SODA FOUNTAIN
X\ and outfit, Including milkshake and icecream
boxes; almost new; installments or cash. Inquire
at New Creamerle, 725 Market st. ;
BAKBER-SHOP FIXTURES CHEAP. 871
Market st.
SMALL SCOW; NEW: SELL OR EXCHANGE
0 for city lot. 410 Maple st.
"l/INE SODA-FOUNTAIN. FREEZER, GLASS-
X holders: very cheap. 159 Second. -
/CABINET - MAKER'S OUTFIT; BENCH.
V^ tools of every kind; a fine outfit cheap; also
complete hunting outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
"UI.OR SsALF. CHEAP— IBS-HORSE POWER EN-
X I sine, boiler, shaftingand pulleys.' . W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
<S»9PL NEW 5-DRAWER DOMESTIC SEW-
■vD&tO. mg machine. 1915 Mission, near 15th.
1 -HOIISKPOWER REGAN ENGINE; GOOD
,-X as new: $100., Apply 215 Bay st. ■
ON EOR OHORSKPACIFICGAS ORGAB-
-ollne engines: second hand Al order. Address
"W. P. G, box 107. Call Office.
© lOH BUILDING ON LEASED LOT: SUIT-
Qlv". able for grocery. W. CRANE, 324 Post.
I^OR HALE— AN ARK, 26x18 FEET. APPCY
' 307 Bryant. •
FRENCH DOUBLE-ACTION ERARD HARP;
price $400. . Warehouse, 722 Mission st.
I"»1VE- HORSE POWER GAS ENGINE.
BROWNING <fc _REMER'S gunstore, 820
Kearny st.
] J ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHE.LV-
-> ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.
SPLENDID^ REMINGTON TYPKWRITER.
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 309 Cal.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BUILEK; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SANFORD.
415 Washington St. . -
■OUILERS.KNGINES.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
XJ waterpipes Mclntoah A Wolpman, 137 Beal 9.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES a3Td HAVE
1 them repaired; separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage M'f'g. Co., 442 Sixth.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.; PERFECT
order; 'i Adams prtg presses: power. 616 Mission
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th _ Bth.
• UILDINOS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHitS
J > doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
-re and burz!=r proof safe. 109. 11l Market St.
LURE AND BURGLAR SAFIi LETTKR-
X press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10'J Clay.
TV! KW.KAKU-} 1 CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
X\ hand, w. & RAY Ca; 12 California s-
\-__ BEWI>(i MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. -05 Fourth st.
\TKW FAMILY SINGERS for rknt. $1 60
XS per month: V. 8. Singers. 82. 1559 Murker.
LOST.
On mission~stC cTn^as^telescoplc
grip. Return G. A. BATCHELDER, La
Grande Laundry. Twelfth st.'. and receive reward.
OST— LADIES* COAT FROM EIGHTH AND
Broadway on road to Piedmont. ' Finder will
! please return to CHARLES KING, 457 Eigh
I St.; receive snltaDle reward. :
T OST — BLACK GREYHOUND BITCH,
JLi white tip on tail; liberal reward. 173» Mis-
sion st. -
ALL PUG DOG WITH LEATHER COLLAR.
Return to 411 a Turk St.; reward.
OST-2~PASSi!OOKsjWITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
i the names of NORA BAGWELL (No. 163-1416)
and PATRICK BAGWELL (No. 184,865). The
finder will please return to bank. ■ ■ ; . :
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of HOBaRTW. or FANNIE SLEEP-
ER. No. 117,235. The finder will please return to
bank. - ' .
LOST— FORESTER'S BADGE MARKED "J. F.
XJ JOHNSON." Return 200 Fourth st.; liberal
reward. - . ;
OST— GOLD EYEGLASSES AT LURLINE
baths; reward. 320 Sansome st., room 33.
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
Xj Bia Savings and Loan Society of San Fran-
cisco, In the name of EUGKNE DANNKNBaUM,
No. 190.794. The finder win please return to bank.
SILVER LORGNETTES, INITIALS H. C. S.
and date 1833; liberal reward. 703 Leaven-
worth st. • , •
! T OST— A PAS-BOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
■ XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of HANuRA or KATIE O'BRIEN, No.
164-1253. The finder will please return to bank.
" _EI>ICAU
A BLESSING .TO' LADIES SUFFERING
from : irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
I travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. _ MRS
DAVIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2;
i hours from 9 a m. to 6 p. _. and 7 to 9 p. _.;..=
LL CASES OF ' IRREGULARITIES RK-
stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay pri-
vate home, in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: | you | will save time '
1 and expense; consultation tree and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st., near Larkta.
A NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU-
— — ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own ' physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; • restores . always In one day; •
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
if you want to :be = treated safe and surf call on a
I man's physician. DR. t'OPPKK. 318 Kearny st. '.
OCTORS, ATTENTION! I WILL FORNISH
a single rig as good as the city affords and reli-
able driver for 850 per month. Address E. A..
! box 67, this office. . .
! A LPE A FRENCH . PILLS- A BOON TO
-t_ ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger-
safe and sure; 82 50 express V. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland, Cal.
I lOR MEN-GREEN'S GUARANTEED CURE;
greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial free. Agent. KELLY. 102 Kddy st. •'
CURE CURIs FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASE-*,
KJ from whatever cause; a home In confinement
with comfor;; satisfacilon guaranteed, by :
MRS. DR. GUYKR, 226 Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. IHSEASKS WOMEN ■ SPE-
cialiy.'nnexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement; vest care:
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
TIES. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES - BE-
i-»_ fore and during confinement: ■ Infants adopted
into good homes; -treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. ■. 419 Eddy st. '.. -'■
Q^OO FOK •■■EVERY FAILURE TO CUR K;
fs)iJ\J\J eye diseases successfully treated.- Ladies,
consult free MRS, DR. SCOTT, 216 Powell st. .r
ALL SKIN * DISEASES ; PERMANENTLY
cured or no pay. ■; J. CASTAGNINI." 4^'s Fil-
bert St., 9t0110r7 to 9 P. v.. or send postal. : ""; ;
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
XJ Jones, r Diseases of women ana children. ;; *
R-- J. A. Al HaKD, -.AiIDWIFK— HpMK IN
• confinement: 25 yr*'. experience. 555 Mission.'-
MKS. M.K. RODGERS. PRIVATE 'HOME: IN;
confinement; lerms reduced. 929 Howard st.
IF IKKEuULAK OK ANY FK.IALK DI-KASE
see MK-<,I)K. PUKTZ and be content/ '254% *th.
PRI V A 1 HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
PR: FVM XX. I -tin Eighth Ht.. Altmwia. .-■
; ■ ";■.•■ ; TYPE YVKIXEKS. ; ; ; . '.
REMINGTON, $40. $35: SEND FOR SAMPLE
XX work. SCOTT _ B ANN AN,* 333 Montgomery.'
. :personai,s. •;
U3B4KD AKD WIW LAWS. EXPERT:
enceJ Lawyer, 1027 Market 6 1., above Sixth
room 6.;;:*^ :■;.-.' .- :'■*■;■.•''•■'■' *'* '■'".■''-■■/'". '--IS-.'- ■:
EAR MR. A YE H A D NO MOP
"JL/, trouble with falling- hair or dandruff I since . I
commenced using your "QUINONIA." Consldfr
it the best Hair Tonic I ever tried. • ' QUINONIA"
is sold by G. LEDKKER, 111 Stockton. Price 35c.
BAGGAGE HELD FOR 1 PAID. BILLS AT
■D the Lapham House, 606 Jones st, will be sold
at auction on Tuesday, September 1, 1896. ",---■■'. .
I f\fi(\ BUSINESS CARDS PKI.N-lEO $150:
IUUU show cards, etc. HILL, 22y a Geary
St., room 39/ ; : ', ■' ' ■ ' ■ ■. "- '■■'-■■ ■■'■"■' : ■ _- ;■- y-.J .::.-: .-■
* LL FACIAL BLEMISH SUPERFLUOUS
-TV. ' hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed : by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenvvortu.
ADVICE , FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private; no charge uniesssuccessful: ail
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law. 850 Market st.
IDSUMMER SALE OF STYLISH TRIMMED
hats at $1 each; this week only. MRS. S. R.
HALL, Baldwin Milliner/, 938 Market st.
PARISIAN r MILLINERY SCHOOL, FULL
IT' course six weeks; competent graduates guaran-
teed positions; class forming. 8 Golden Gate aye. !
WATCH _ JEWKLUY REPAIRING. STONE
» » engraving, mono Tams.cresta : low prices;work
guaranteed. ; J. N. BRITTAIX, 20 Geary st.
V ELVKT. AND CLOTH 7 CAPES - BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. ■■, 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
/CONSUMPTION TREATED; NEW METHOD.
\J DR. AMERICAN, 36y 3 Geary st.; .12 to 2:30.
\V OMEN'S ELECTRIC . SANITARIUM,
»» rooms 53 Maze building— New. and scientific
methods for promoting health, beauty. , con, free.
AKT I NGTON "S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngton, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purpst toilet articles. ; 1-6 Kearny st.. room 47. ■
OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW fc,VE-
J-> ry night cor. Market and bixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; • promoters of baii •
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st. *
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at -,■ M. - ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 213-225 Mason st. ; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I-
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS.TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
O guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
pAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIAL! FINE
Hedge put on razor,2se. Razor Exchge,63oMarket
T IBK—AL ADVANCES U.V DIAMONDS, J_ W-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. ■ 84H Market st.
_D GOLD. SILVER, (CENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing hontrht. COL.MAN. 41 '-M. cor. Jf^sl»
IiK— .SsSAiA-Hj-KS.
D"~~RESSES?2~UP: WKAPPERS^rCENTSUP;
lawn 91 up. 505H Naioma si., above sixth.
CLAIRVOXA-N'TS. — — — —
GITANA THE GYPSY.
This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, ■ love,
courtship, matrimony; she reunite* the separated :
causes speedy and nappy marriage with the one
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turn st.
MX. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, card-reader, born V7ilh a douole veil and
second sight; ladles 50c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
n _TURNEI>, WOKLD-KE N ;MM 1-1
I\> SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells pas:.
present and future: prices moderate. -850 Mission.
ME. AKNOT, BE SI KUKTL.Nt, TIiL_KR IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the plctureo!
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor. Market
RS. BARRETT, BUSINESS READER;
come and bear the truth; 25c up. 1035 Mar-
ket, room 5. --' . -
ME. RAVh.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
J.VI business advice: names given up. 5 Fourth.
ri YPSY- MEDIUM RETURNED: . SITTINGS
AJT daily; 25c up. 240% Sixth St., rooms 6 and 7.
ISS MF.LVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PlC-
ture of future husband or .wife. 766V-J : How-
ard st. • ' .- " • . ' ■.■■'..-■
ISS it. ULAN A ROLLINS MENTAL MAG-
netic healer; test medium. 850 Market, r. 30-31
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
YPSY MEDIUM; PAST, PRESENT AND
future, 25 cents: ladies only. ■ 243 Shipley st.
/^ YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
vJT seventh to 11 Stockton; ladles gents 50c.
"\,| ME. MOP.EAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
iVL past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAYMOND. CLAIRVOYANT, CARD-
reader and magnetist. 1153 Market, room L
RS. KNIGHT, CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
reader: fee 50c: ladles only. 714 Leavenworth.
ME. _KGETT_— PRESKNT, PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MISS BEATRICE BLANCHE, CARD-READ^
er. late from Guatemala. . 105 Larkln St.. r. 2.
AiME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
.'' gravp; ladies. '2sc: ggnts.SOc. 914 OTarrell.
X LALl.i.ll. .
V " VEKlTrii_i'Q^N"Ai_bsG'wO__Kis
MR". DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE 81 * UPWARD! FEE $1 it UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? . Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? llf so
read this and learn that Hie Is yet worth living!
MBS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast- in I the ten years past, U
again at her old offices,'. 1320 Market street, San
Francisco. ■ and ' is . now as ready as ever . to assist ;
every • suffering " mortal who will either call on or
write to her. » Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tne
separated . are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor Income rich; If you think your husband, wire
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor . mortals
who try to Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. . NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what -failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how lone standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall ii always most sac-
cessful and satisfactory. AH letters answered. I
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEK $1 _ UPWARD!
- . MRS. DK.-A.J). HOWE, •
• 13120 Market st., ODp. Seventh,
■', ■■-.• :• San Francisco, v ..:
A RRIVED— MRS. HANSKN: READS HEAD
-—and palm, also cards: price 25c and upward.
148 sixth st., room 5. :■
AT 997 MARKET TO-NIGHT. A GRAND
entertainment; supper and dance. Admis-
sion 10 cents. :: , , •■" ~ ':".
MKH. DR. MIRANDAS. THE CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TKANCK AND BUSl-
ness medium: sittings daily. $1. 136 Oaks-
I. ISHOP GARRISON, l»70 MARKET: SEAN-
» > ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c: 10 to 4 daily.
M. FKA.NCIS, INDEPENDENT : SLATE-
.. writer. 118 Haight st ; hours 9 until 6p. _.
TTfe-readlngs by rev. MR. HOWLAND;
J ' $1. 1 Fifth St.. parlor 1.
•■■ ' ASTKOLOGY. .. . .:•,;....'' .'
> A ISTR^OL^GY~AIfD^rEDICIN X i"> i ATIVITIES
x\. or questions answered: Prof. Howard's , vital
remedies rcsiore health. 311 Hyde st.. 10 to 3. -.
IKUAL KOXICKS.
f N~THIS AND
X County of San Francisco. " State of : California.'
Department No. 8. • JULIA '•• DE anDany,
plaintiff, vs. ANTHONY DB ANDANY, defend-
ant. Action brought in the Superior Court, City,
and County of San Francisco. State of California,
and the complaint filed in said City and County of.
San Francisco, in the office of the Clerk of said
Superior Court. a \ ' v _ ■ :
The people of the State of California send greet-
ing \to ANTHONY DE ANDANY, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear In an action
brought against you by the above named plaintiff,'
in the Superior Court, City and County -of . San
Francisco, Stale of California, and to answer the
complaint filed therein within ten days (exclusive
of the day of service) after he service on I you lof
this summons— if served within this County; or If
served elsewhere; within thirty days— or judgment
by default will be taken against you, according to
the prayer of said complaint. ■ - ■ : - .;
- The said action is brought to obtain the decree
of the above entitled court dli solving the bonds of
matrimony heretofore and now existing between
plaintiff and 'defendant- upon the ground that
defendant has been and is guilty =of willful 'deser-
tion of plaintiff: and upon the further ground that
defendant has been and is guil'y of willful neglect
of plaintiff, all of which will more fully and; at
large appear In the complaint of plaintiff, on file In
the above entitled action, to which said complaint
express reference, 1 in that behalf, is hereby made,
and for costs of suit. '. ■'.■;•-■<, ■* -■*., ■ ■ _■ w ..:-;.
• And you are hereby notified ; that If you fail to so
appear and answer said complaint as ■ above i re-
quired, said plaintiff will apply to > the court for
the relief demanded in said complaint. - : :
■ - Given "i under ■m. '•■"- nand and seal' of the «- said
Buptridr Court, > at s the; 4 < ity and County of San
Francisco, State . of - California, this 2d ■ day of
June in the year of . our Lord ■ one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-six.: ___^ - _^
• • rseal.] - - a ■- C. F. CURRY,' Clark. :
By JOSKPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk. v
GEU. W. TOWLE JR., Attorney for Plaintiff,
■ :■ . 508 California St., San Francisco, Cal. .
EPAR 1 SO.', 9. PROBATE— IN THE
Superior : Court, in c: and 0 for ; the City and
County of san Francisco. State of California. :
- : in the matter of the estate of ■ GABRIEL AIL-
HAKD, deceased, 17&01. „•_ " •■■■■■. ■■ :-■-.: .--''-■•
-, Notice Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 4th
day of August, A. D., 1896. a" lO o'clock •a. ■_.- of
said day and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court at the new City Hall, in' the City and
County of San Francisco, state of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving a.
duly i authenticated * copy of , the will >■of ?. said
GABRI-L GAILHARD. deceased, and for hear-
ing the application of PIERKINE BKRGES for
the issuance to ; him of letters of administration
with the will annexe-- _,
Dated July HI, A. D., 1896. v, ' >
rsEAA] >>-*-.»--»--.:« --;•*»■ C p - CURRY. Clerk.
■:■<■■ By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy Clerk.
P. BERGEROT, Attorney for
Petitioner, 142-143 : Crocker ; building, _ aa Fran- (
--:::. . ::■ ? - ml
'_'_■■'.■ CITY REAL ESTATE. , " \ '_■_:-
-4 \ LARGE : r ELECTION A FINE - HIGH LOTS
■__ in South ' San Francisco offered in- exchange
for good stock ranch or grain laud. \
6 *ACftE=s CHOICE 'LAND; NEAR STATION:
yJ Ross Valley: on county road: i/gmlle from rail-
road; barn and sheds; all fencea; well watered;
price $2000, and a great bargain. •
■POUR HOUSES AND LOTS IN SAN FRAN-
X Cisco, valued at from S'. ooo to $10,000 offered
In exchange for nicely improved farms. /
WANTED— 2 FARMS NEaR i SAN FRAN-
* ' Cisco, in Napa,: Sonoma, ; Santa Clara or 'Ala-
meda counties, in exchange for properties valued
at $10,000 each and clear. -
. ; EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., ?
.Room 29, Second floor. Mills Building 1 . .
G_l7~ t i LOTS, CORBETT ROAD, NR. HAT-
•_> I t)". tie. J $900— 26x1i!1. Caseill - aye., ; nr.
Douglass. $800— corner,". 50x70. ■; opposite Bernal
Heights- School. $700—25x125, Randall, near
Chenery. * 400— Corner, 55x100, 1" block from
Silver, ave. Easy terms. MCOL, 634 V 3 Cali-
fornia st. .■-..■.:.."-■■■'.: ..',.-■ j.- •'.;•;" :"'^ [ -
I.NTSTO REAL ESTATE - ' •'< • - c-..-
-• •-' INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS,
You can make some money now buing land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport city.
.: Yon can make more money buying In some lo-
calities than others. 'ltMillflWjj''' ll UilWßtt "tW'/fl
You can make the most money i if '. you select ■ a
place naturally situated for a .town, located In the
direct I line |of ; up-to-date ! public and private im-
provements, easily accessible by cheap and fre-
quent railway and water transportation lines to a
great I commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet far enough I
away from any to Insure of Its becoming a prosper-
ous, self-supporting and Independent community. 1
. ;,.:.■: FJTCHBURG IS SO SITUATED V.\' . ;
As to combine all these advantages and many
others. It offers splendid inducementt to those
about to start business of any discriptlou. -
For suburban homes it r vals any of the thickly
populated centers around the bay. >. -
■:. It is only. 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight.
. Station on both lines. \ No lot more ! than ; three
blocks from either railroad. '■--.
ELEGANT CHURCIi EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED. >"■--'-. :
. GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS. . . v * -
.The streets are graveled ' and ornamented with
avenue trees, crpress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these Improvements. .
NOTE THE ELIGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the qtaances for pro tit on
your Investment in a prospective business center
as compared with the : many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market.
.-, SEE FITCHBURG. -
. Invest . Judiciously and the * almighty., dollars
sure to come . your ■ way, will do the rest.: Lots
ready to bui!a on, size 25 and 50 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep. - :- - .--■:-.>
PRICE ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments. • -
THAD. S. FITCH, Fltchburg, San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
<Sil ( )I\(\ COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: BEKKE-
O-L — O\J. ley: lot 50x100: near station; $300
down, $15 monthly. v
.sl6o— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150. to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
(_£7= - BAKGAIN: LOMBARD - ST. LOT,
<J)D 10. near Van Ness. Terms 1128 Vallejo.
HOUSE, ■ LOT AND BUSINESS WAGON,
cheap. 260 I. Park St.. Ho'l,- Park. . ■■-
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
"1 9A ACRES IN. LAKE COUNTY, NEAR
X—.U Lower Lake, for sale or. trade. Apply
PHILBRICK, 2548 Folsom St., or room 310, Safe
Deposit. : . ;^; •■■:
<2js<n PER ACRE; RANCH. 1% HOURS'
«J>»_U drive from city: suitable for dairy, chick-
ens or bees: well watered: 160 acres. FRANK
ASHTON, 411 Montgomery, st. ,;-•• ■ ■-■■:.,
>O PER ACRE: FOR OAKLAND OR SAN
00 Jose income property, 640 acres of land in
Tebama County: one-half Al fruit and vine land,
balance grazing: plenty wood and water; county
road runs through land. -, Address Owner, box 46.
Mercury Office, San Jose, Cal.
rOR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
X erty— 6o acres, two-thirds orchard in bearing,
one-third bare land: near San Jo*e: cash value
$21,000. Address lock box 14. San Jose, Cal.
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
ARIN COUNT 3OOO ACRES :.6 MILES
from 'city; lo s any sire; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 ; per
acre: terms to suit. < Syndicate Investment ■ Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. '
T ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, ' IM-
— — proved, easy terms: also : 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and JO years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. V.
ENDFOKOLR L,18>1",. <Jlf UKUHAKU HUAIK3
for sale. WOOSTKR <t WHITTON. San .)<«».
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
iree. -■■.■- .. ...-..:
rBOFKKTX XO EXCHANUK.
&7?nnfr~2() aTres prune~orchardT
«3) DUUU. full bearing, near Los Gatos. with 6*
room house, furnished; horse, wagon, chickens'
tools will . exchange . for . city. Oakland or Ala*-
meda property. Apply to owner. 1630 Eddy st.
3 J.
___________________________________
9AA HOUSES AND LOTS : FOR B_L_ OR
-UU exchange; ail sizes and prices. ~ :
;QA A RANCHES FROM STO 2000 ACRES,
OUU best location, for sale or exchange.
CAA BUSINESS PLACES, $50 TO $5000, FOR
O\J\J sale or exchange. U. C DECKER.IO2O Mkt
IOUA ACRES TIMBER LAND. KERN
l£O\' vi»ipr: fine for cat lie-raising. N..bx.16.Ca1l
PROPERTY waxtjsd.
"Xnted-^jo^^^uil^ing^TotsT^for
nearly new fiats; all rented. : SPECK <fc CO.,
602 Market st. '.-.-, : .' .
\\T ANTED— 2 MODERN « FLATS; $3500 TO
It $5000: Mission or Western Addition. L., box
1. Call Ollice. ■■■-.■-..
. . :i« ; .M.V 'IV LOAN. %
NY AMOUNT ON ' BONDS,' DIAMONDS^
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments: interest low; private entrance:
private rooma: discreet attendants, at - UNCLE
HARRIS 15 Grant aye -
■.A DVA.NCES ON • DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
X— jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLKY
■ STORE, 948 Market St.: open evenings. - ; . ■.?■'
_»1 AH (UU'\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6*: ALSO
tipIUU.UUU Oakland, life Insurance, real es-
tate in probate, small or sums. SHAINWALD
BUCKBKK _ CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
ON KY, LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTER- 1
pet per month for each $1000; same | rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box '1, Call.
\ll ONEYr LOAN_D ON JEWJtLUV ::; AMI
. ill other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 'I uric.
,1 \IRECI' ON YOUK FUKNITURiS Oil PIANO:
X) no removal: no delays: no commissions; . low
Interest Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market
«-SY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MOKTOAOKS:;
XV estates, undivided Interests, real estate in ore-
bate. • McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery room 3. ' 7 . .
(2?On f\f\f\ ON IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
OU ■ \J\J\J sums not exceeding $1000. ' Call at
room 629, Parrott Building. ' ■ ' :
YBT _ 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E3-
tates;lowest rates:no deIay .MURPHY,62BMrkr.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEW
J\ Colombia I-oan it «.'ollat^ral Ofltc*'. 9 (ir%nt, «v».
PAWNBROKERS.
RAND ■ CENTRAL ' LOAN^ OFFICE^ 1200
XX Market st. ; money loaned: watches: diamonds;
etc.: lowest rates: bargains in unredeemed pledges.
T■: 126 < KEARNV ST., ROOM ; : 9— MONEY
loaned, . watches, -, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
priv«:» room*: Blfvwtor: plfflgpifor sale cheap. --
•,•.■-."■,' IfLNANCIAL,. ■■■;■ ■'■'--'.: .■:;■:;■
M" OSEY TO-U)An"oS SECURETy.^SYL
; VAIN .SOLOMON.' 324 ' Montgomery, r • 214
. ";-;': .■•."-.■: i>entists;l'. '■.■.'.'-. -^:,-> ".:•■"•'
"ftroome dental association, 759 mar-
\J ket m.. bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless extraction; artlll-
cia: teeth from $5 ; finings from $1 ; extracting 50 ]
________________________ ____J______l___
TT-IRST-CLASS 1 DENTISTRY: - FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless > extraction
of ■ teeth. Telephone Main - 5375. ' W. C. HAK-
DINC-. CM.. M.D.. 600 Sutter St.. corner Powell.
1 \R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given. :-
R. O-OBOK W. - LEEK, THE : GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Farrell st.
VULL SET OF TEKTH, $7; WARRANTED
-C five • years; ? extraction, i 50c; v fillings, 50c:
crowns, $3 60.;* Chicago Dental Parlors, -4 Sixth.
DR.L. T. I 'KAN-— EXTRACTION PAINLKSS,
XJ crown " work, : bridge i work » and; teeth withoas '
plates a specialty.':'' 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ays. ■ ■
7 A 'ft-KX, rUK T__TK: WARRANTED A.-*
I good as can be made: filllnz $1. Dr. SIMMS,
Cent lsi, 930 Market St.." next Baldwin Theater. *;.r"vl
AINLESS : EXTRACTION. 60c; "■'■* CROWN .
bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up: 13 -ear*'
experience. R. L. W ALaH. .' D.U.S.. Hl s*4 Geary.
tC.JL'UCKkrrr,' l7O3 PU.-.T;feT., = NEAR BU-:
; cnanan; pas given; crown and bridre wont v,
f A LL WORK % REASON. A AND WAR-
__•• ranted. y DR.* J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st. :-;•.
PI RITUALIST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY REV.
■ MR. HOWLAND:*.2Sc. 1 Fifth st. . ; '
ET OF T__TH WITHOUT A i---.'lt£. UK. X. .
U. YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.:.' .'■.-■•■- .-.: .■••■■ : : • :
OLTOA" DENTAL ASSOCIATION. «Utf ___t- ,
ket St. DX. CHARLES W. DECKER. a ,:? ;^
R. J. J. LEEK 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate ' aye.— Open ' evenings; ; Sundays till noon. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
■ •' OAKLAND . REAL ESTATE. _
fiti ~£fl X BARGAIN; CHICKe'n.RANCH;
driuuv. new 4-roorr. bouse to order and well; :
terms to suit; *500 cash, $15 per month. WM. P.
TODD, 1001' Broadway, Oakland. .
Q7' LOTS AND  UPWARD— A LLENDALE
:<3? I O Tract. East Oakland, adjoining Frultvale. i
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland: srraml j
view and a choice site for a home: streets 'graded i
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a fine school with 2 elect Ie roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con-
. veyance to and from the Tract free of chance. 468
Mnth st., and 630 Market sL,S. F. H. Z. JONES
owner. •'-■■-■ J ---'-*-•'-■--■ ' ;< - :..---- .
•OAKLAND; HOUSES TO LET. ;
IpURNISHED COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS, BATH
r and . stable, in '. the outskirts of Oakland, ; rent
817 50: many other places for rent or for sale.
Apply W. K. BARNAKD, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND HKMTIKi; FOR SALE.
*\»7^nr^DTAlioNT)s - BV~pTTTio^zTS7T v H!
'■» H KI.LH A \ 8. furniture-dealer. llth.Oaitld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
. A_A_CEDA KKAL ESTATE.
YOUR TERMS ARE OURS.
<_9?ifift PRETTY COTTAGE; SIX ROOMS
<£>-.O\J\J. and bath; close to Chestnut-st. sta-
tion, N. G.; lot 40x140. . , ; ;
i <2>Qnf\n HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE: 6
iJOUUu, room* and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, N. U. <
©99 A A 25 CASH; $20 MONTHLY: 37:6
C ~—\J\J. frontage; - handsome new colonial
cottage; 5 rooms and batb, . -
©97^0, *2 5 CASH; $25 MONTHLY: 87:6
ijnZi I O\J. xlOO ; N.W. comer; cottage. 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Si ARCUSE „ REMMEL, Contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-st. atatiou. Alameda, Cal. Tel. 2.
Office open Sundays ana holidays- . .
(JjOOfVA TO $5000— NEW AND MODERN
<Tp_JOUU houses on large lots in good locations;
convenient to trains; terms to suit the purchasers.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park
St., Alameda. 7i\ :■'■'■'.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 31 CO, post**
age free.: -. - v ■..■.-•: ■ ■ ... . ■■'■ ■ '. - -■
UKKH.UL.i:X KJiAL iiSTATK.
AVEfREST— ONLY $iSOOTmODERN. NEW
4-room cottage: - 1 block from station: pay-
, ments same as rent: . 40-foot lot. • JL L. Wl'Kl'.S,
opposite Dwlght way station. ' '
GOOD HOMfc» FOR . RENT OR - FOR SALS
on easy terms. O. G. MAY <& CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
osepm j. mason, kkaL estate and
tl insurance agent. Berkeley statn. adjoining bank.
BEBKELKI HOUSES.
i OF 17 'ROOMS'^ ; ELEC-
*2>O\J. trie lights: near university and station.
Apply to J. R. LITTLE, 2108 Shattuck - aye.,
Berkeley station. :
€J 97 ' P\ A HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS. NEAR
<_)_j I .O\f . university and station." Apply to J.
R. LITTLE, 2108 Shattuck aye., Berkeley station.
MONTEREY: REAL, ESTATE.
X^TA7p^E^3TH^T^L^D*Eir^Jo^?TET / ON"
_.UUU. a lake: 2-story house, barn, chicken-
house: 13 lots, all in fruit and 5 kinds of berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all year round; most be
sold Immediately. F. C. CALDWELL, owner,
326 Ninth St.. Oakland.
PK.-Jb'JiSSIONAL. CARDS.
RA^iIK^H^YTAT^O^N^YTAT^LTwr^O^M
X 421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
WJ ILLS, DEEDS, ETC. L. SONTaG, ATT'Y
H and Notary, 116 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
OHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
1 2S and 27, Crocker building; I telephone Main
75, Ban Francisco. CaL ■■:...-•
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. A9HER.
0 attysat law. mis 515.516. 5- h floor. Parrott bid g.
TRUSTEES' SAXES. - '
rT^USTEES'"KA__r " "~"" '
1 In accordance with the terms and under
the authority, of a certain deed of - trust
duly executed by NAPOLEON ST. GERMAIN
and LEWIS W. DUNHAM, parties of the first part,
to HENRY C. CAMPBELL end THADDEU3 B.
i KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS. UNION, party
of the third part, dated February 4th, 1891, and re-
corded in the office of the County Recorder of the
City and County of San Francisco, state of Califor-
nia, in Liber 1443 of Deeds, at pages 76 and follow-
ing; and in pursuance of a resolution passed on the
7th day of May, 1896; by tne Board of Directors of
said SAN FHANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the bolder of the note (No. 10,639),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust I was executed, declaring that default had
b< en made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust. Bnd requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described ■ therein
to satisfy said indebtedness. --*^Mpßi
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, tne 25th day of August, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon ot that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Ea*ton, Eldridee <& Co., No. 688 Mar-
ket street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
state of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United States, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate In tho City and County of ' San . Francisco,
State of California, described as follows, to wit: -.
... Commencing at the corner formed by the inter-
section of the northeasterly line of Eighteenth
avenue South (formerly Algeria street) with the
northwesterly line of N street South (formerly I*UB-
-quehanna street), and running thence northwester-
ly a ong said line of Eighteenth avenue South one
hundred and seventy-seven feet three and one-
fourth inches (177 and 3 1,4-12 ft.), more or less,
to the westerly line of the Case Tract, as per map
hereinafter mentioned : thence along said line of the
Case Tract, north ten degrees twelve minutes east
(N. 10° 12' E.), sixty-three feet eleven and one-
iou.th inches (63 and 11 Vi-12 ft.): thence south
eighty-one degrees fifty-five minutes east (8. 81"
55' E.). still along said line of said Case Tract, one
hundred and fifty-six feet two and one-half inches
(156 and 2 %-12 ft.), to a stake: thence north two
degrees west (N. 2° W.), still along said line of
said Case Tract, eichty-eight (88) feet, more or
less, to the southwesterly line of seventeenth ave-
nue South (formerly ; Sumatra ' street): thence
southeasterly along the last-named line one hen-
dred and eighteen (118) feet, more or less, to said
northwesterly line Of N street South: and thence
southwesterly a' ong the last-named line 'two hun-
dred (200) feet to the point of commencement. ' .. ■'
Being that portion of block number three hun-
dred and forty-six (346) lying within the Case
Tract, in South San Francisco, as laid down and
delineated on map of said Case Tract, filed October
16th, 1879, in the office of the County Recorder of
said City and County, of San .Francisco; together
with the appurtenances. " . . ■ :
- Teems <of - Sale — Cash In • gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent : payable to the under-
.signea on the fall of the nnmmer; balance on de-
livery of deed: and If not so oaid, unless for.want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts ot sale at purchaser's expense. .
HKNRY C. CAMPBELL,! , n f ...
. '-..;.: THADDEUS B. KENT, / lrnstees >
rpRUSTEES' SALE. - ~~ ~~. ~~ '
X in accordance with the terms and nnder
the authority of a' certain ' deed of trust, - duly
executed by JOHN FOSTER, party of the
first v part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL, and
THADDEUS B. KENT. Trustees, parties of
the second ■ part, - : and the ! SAN FKANCISCo
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
July 14th, 1891, and recorded in the office of the
County I Recorder of the City I and County of San
Francisco, State lof California. In Liber 1466 of
Deeds, at pages 202 and | iollowing: and in pursu-
ance- of a i resolution | passed on the . 261b day of
March. 1896, by lie Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and' the bo'der of the note (No. 11,020), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other, sums,
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing ami directing said HENRY C.CAMPBELL and
i THADDEUS H. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate ; described - therein - to satisfy said indebted-
ness.'-' ■ -.:■"/ :-' -■ ■ •'" '-"-'■ '■'■;':-■>'■ •" ".*-■ " ■-■■><
* We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on |
TI'KJSDAY, the 25th day of Angus . A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and ai the auction sales-
room of i-.aston. Kldridge & Co., No. 638 Market
street, ;in the City and County ;of San : Fran-
cisco, • State ' of ? California, we will , sell at r pub-'
lie auction, to the highest, binder, for cash in gold
coin of he United States, all the piece or parcel
of 1 land situate in tne City, and County : of >nn
Francisco, State of California, described as follows,
to wit: MMMi "Ifflf W W iW'mil I" r Wft 1 T Bt f "f "V "'i PNH< '
■ • Commencing at a point on - the northerly line of
Hermann (formerly Kate) street, distant thereon
eigh-y-seven • feet ■ six l inches (87 and 6-12 ft.)
easterly . from » the • easterly line of Webster street,
and ' running ; thence easterly along : said ? line of
• Hermann street twenty-five i (25) .. feet, thence at
ri-h; angles northerly one hundred and 7 thirty- i
seven feet six > inches. (l 37 and 6-12 ft), thence at
rleht I angles westerly ■ twenty-five I (25) I feet, and
thence at right angles southerly one hundred
tbirty-seveu ■ feet : six ' inches (137 and 6-12 f .) to
the point of commencement. , \ .- , ■
■- Being > poriio » -■ of Western Addition block num-
ber two hundred | and ' ninety-one (291), together
with the appurtenances.; - -^.- • v;. -~- v . '*- : -
•■'• Terms o* salk— cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer: balance on delivery of
deed: and If not so paid, unless for want of title
' (ten days being allowed • for . search), then said ten .
per I cent to be forfeited s and 1 the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. :^ - ;-■•--.•■
■■.:..»■;••. HE.SKY C. CAMPBELL, 1 T •,.„:.
: . THADDEUS B.:KEXT,<:.r.."" t v 8 '
-v!;::^^^-^;-^^Pjj^'^s-^:^"^iX^'.-.,-^
F~~O^^KNT~7SK~LE^SE^6O^vXRA^LSr^E"
X cor. . ■ Polk i and '■ Jackson ■ sts. : : rent ' $50 ; per
month. ~ Address J. S , 427 Sansome St., S. F. r-
■ ATTOKN EYS-AT-tAW.
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPBCI-
«Ity; private; ; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, : claims, . collection*, wills, deeds, etc, at'
tended to. v. W. HOWE. att'y-at-Uw. 850 Marlcet.
EGAL - BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice- free and confidential J.
G. JEFFRESS, 402 Montgomery st., room 18.
\\T t F. ARAM. ATT*Y-AT-LA W. 581 PARROTT
.11, . bldg. Practices m all courts ;charges moderate
--- W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT- LAW, CHRON-
.k-le Dldg; advice free; moderate: open evngs.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5- CENTS — THlt
WEEKX V CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
fßlrth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be inserted. They mus be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J -
BUK.Y.
RICH— In this city, August 2, 1896, to the wife of
Edward M. Rich, a daughter. -
WHITE— In this city, July 15, 1896, to the wife of
George M.' White, a son. ■■'-'
' ■ -■ '■" •'. •". / : . l>il£D. ' ■■ . ... ■ V;-. '.,.'.
Arnold. Ethel C. '.* Halle, Gertrude
Barreue. Wilfred Laux, Elizabeth
Conway, M. U. Undegren, Ida A.
Conway, Rev. John M. . Levach, Annie •"
Cteber. Walter • - Martin, Catherine
Denlgan, Mrs. Ellen Meeker. Frank M.
Durnev, Michael J. McDonald, Edmund A.
Ellis, Maria L. - McKeever, Charles
Enkel, Hannah Newman, Josephine
Fabry. Herman L. Rapp, Adolph
Fitzgerald, Margaret . Roller. Albert B. ,
Robeson, Catherine
ARNOLD— In this cltr. August 2, 1896, Ethel C.
' beloved ' daughter of Henry G. and Mary E.
. Arnold, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years.
';' Air Friends and acquaintances are resoeot-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock F. m.. from the family
residence, . 296 Valencia street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
BARRETTE— In this city. August 2, 1896, Wil-
. Fred, beloved son of Xavier and Josephine Bar-
rette, and brother of Emile Barrette, a native of
, Canada, aged 28 years.
CON WAY— A solemn requiem high mass will be
- celebrated for the repose of the soul of the late
M. G. Conway at St. Patrick's Church, THIS
DAY (Monday), at 8 o'clock a. -. Friends and
acquaintences are respectfully invited to attend.
CONWAY— In this city. August 1, 1896, Rev.
John M. ' Conway, a native of Ireland, aged 55
years.« ; \i*mt C*_ BK_HM_tiß_H_____H_|
: £_rNotice of funeral hereafter. ■
CREBER— In this city, August 2, 1896. Walter
Creber, a native of Devonshire, England, aged
I 68 years 7 months and 5 days.
DENIGAN— There will be a month's mind re-
quiem . mass celebrated In St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, THIS DAY
■ (Monday), at 9 o'clock a. — for the repose of
the soul of Mrs. Ellen Denigan.' Friends and
_ acquaintances are respectfully Invited to attend.
DURNEY— In this city. August 1, 1896, Michael
J. Durney, father of Joseph Durney, and brother
of Isabel and Rebec ka Dnrney, a native of Phila-
delphia, in his fifth-eighth year. [Philadelphia
papers please copy. J
«- Friends are repectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock a. _ from his late residence, 1012 Brod-
erick street, thence to Holy Cross Church, where
mass will be celebrated, commencing at 0 o'clock
: a. m. -; Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ELLIS— In this city. August 2, 1893, Maria L.
_ Ellis, a native of New 'Vert j aged 65 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
ENKKL- In this city, August 2, 1896, Hannah,
. relict of the late Morris Enkel, a native of Ger-
. many, axed 75 years.
FABRY'— In this city, July 31. 1896, at the resi-
dence of his parents, 520 Laguna street, Herman
-..beloved husband of Anna Fabry, father of
an infant son, and only child of Leopold M. and
" Ernestine Fabry. a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years 11 months and 22 days.
JBfs~ Friend} and acquaintance! are resD9o*.-
-fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. _ from the residence
of his parents, then to proceed to Native Sons'
building, Ma on street, above Geary, where
services will be held under the auspices of Alca-
traz Parlor No 145, at 2 o'clock p. _. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
N. 8. G. W.— The officers and members of Alca-
tr»z Parlor No. 145, N. 8. G. W., are hereby
notified to assemble at N. S. G. W. Hall, Mason
street, THIS DAY (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock
p. x M to attend the funeral of our late , brother.
H. L. Fabry. Fines for non-attendance will be
strictly enforced. ALEX DIJEAU, Pres.
. Henry LicHTEiiST-Uf. Rec. Sec.
FITZGERALD— this city, August 2, 1896,
.. Margaret Fitzgerald, a native of Kilkenny, Ire-
land, aged 72 years.
&*"Friends and acquaintances are rein*:'-
'.' fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 train.
HAILE— In Alameda, July 31, 189-5. Gertrude,
beloved daughter of C. H. and Polly S. Halle,
and sister of Frank E.. Warren L , Charles and B.
Haile. Mrs. . Frank M Ulngton and Mrs. W. T.
Adair, a native of Alameda, Cal., aged 16 years
4 months and 14 days. .■•.•■■.-,-■.
£g- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from her late resi-
dence, '2834 Enclnal avenue, Alameda. Inter-
ment private, . Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. ." . : • ' '
LAUX— In this city, August 1, 1896. Elizabeth,
widow of the late Adam Laux,. and mother of
Leonard and John Laux. a native of Eschbacb,
. Rheinpbalz, Germany, aged 54 years 11 months
' and 4 days. • [Hay wards Times please copy.] .
43* Friends and acquaintances ' are resnect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
." (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _ from the par-
lors of Gantner & Guntz, << and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden
. Gate avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -
LINDEGREN— In this city, August 1, 1896, Ida
Augusta, beloved wife of Charles A. Llndegren,
a native of Swelen, aged £3 years. .
US-Friends and acquaintance) are r'Moee".-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 3 o'clock p. _ from the Swedish
Lutheran Church, : Mission street, near Ninth.
■; Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
IJEVACH— In Santa Rosa, August 1, 1896, Annie,
beloved daughter of Alexander and. the late
Bella Levach, and stepsister of Maggie Barry,
- a native of an Francisco, aged 17 years 11
: months and 5 days. . -
£STFrlend* and acquaintances are re^nesv
; fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. x., from the residence
of her parents, 565 Dore street, between Bryant
and Brannan, thence to st. Joseph's Church for
.'. services. - Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Oakland, August 1, 1886, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of the late Daniel S. Martin, a
native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 44
years. • '
gaT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _ from her late
residence. 866 Campbell street, thence to St.
. Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
-will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
■ mencing at 10 o'clocka.— . Inter— tentst. Mary's
'■ ' Cemetery, Oakland.
MEEKER— In this city, July 31, 1896. Frank M.
s Meeker,' an ex-Union soldier, a native of New
• Jersey, aged 51 years.
. tS- Friends and < acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m- from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin <_ Co., 118 Geary street.
" ■ Interment National Cemetery. '
MCDONALD— In this city, August 1, 1898. Ed-
mund A., beloved son of Mary and the late
- Anthony McDonald, a native of San Francisco.
•■'•-' *_" Friends are respectfully Invited to atteni
the funeral TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'olocs a. _ from his late residence. 15Va
Klssling . street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. _. . Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKF.EVER-In this . city, August 1, 1896,
Charles, beloved husband of Margaret McKeever,
. brother ,of John McKeever . and Mrs. Jane
■ Raphell, and uncle* of Maud, Gus, • Henry and
the ' late Charles William - Justice, a native of
Ireland, age! 60 years. ■ *
- Remains at ' the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street. .
NEWMAN— In this city, August 1, 1896, Joseph-
ine, dearly beloved wife of Samuel Newman, and
sister of Mrs. J. W. Orndorff, a native of Port-
land. Me., aged 45 . years 7 months and 12 days.
__"The funeral* will take place THIS DAI'
. (Monday), at 11:30 o'clock a. V., from her late,
residence, 907 Powell street. . Interment pri vat*
: I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RAPP— In this city, August 1, 1896. Adolph, be-
'■ loved husbaud of Caroline Rapp, father of Louis
Rapp, and brother of . Matthew and William
\ Rapp, a native of Geisiingen. Wurttemberg, Ger-
■' many, aged 50 years and 4 months.
47* Friends and acquaintances and members
of the San i ranclsco Turn Verein are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at • 1 o'clock p. v.. from his late
residence. 2818 California street, between Devis-
adero and * Broderick. thence to San Francisco
- Turn Verein Halt; 323 ' Turk street, ■ where the
: funeral services ' will be held at 2 o'clock p. M.
' Interment L O. 0. F. Cemetery.
ROLLER— In this city, August 1, ■1898.". Albert
■ Byron Roller, a native of Ohio, aged 45 years 11
months and 9 days. :.- r v ,
■ IKB" Friends are respectfully Invited to atteni
: the - funeral • services - THIS ■ DAY (Monday), at
10 o'clock a. M.. at the ' residence of his parents,
2621 Va iolsom street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ...■••".•';-•■-'■■.■ ' ; - ''■.-■ .■• - , ' ; . .
EOBESON— In this city, August 1, 1896, Cath-
V erine, beloved wife ot Mar. in D. Robeson, and
■;' mother of "Annie ■C. ' Robeson. a native of Con-
-< necticut, ase.l 37 years. W__«
: <ST*The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
• (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. _ from her late resi-
dence, 129 San Carlos avenue, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services at 9:30 o'clock a. _.
j Interment Holy Cross Cemeterr. _JW4M6BMMB— ■
McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIKECTORS _ EMBALMKBS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN \ MATEO ' COUNTY: ; NEAREST CEME.
tery to th* city ; non-sectarian : in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 997 Market
street, southeast comer ot Sixth.' . - .
1314
MEN AND BIRDS
WERE JAILED,
An Interrupted Effort to
Conduct a Cocking
Main.
CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.
Secretary Hoi brook and His
Men Break In on the
Offenders.
TWENTY MEN ARE ARRESTED
i
They Were Ready to Steam Away on
a Tug From the Arctic Oil
Works Wharf.
"The degeneration of cock-fighting in
this State is simply appalling.
"As a matter of fact.if the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals does not
keep its hands off, these would-be sports,
who don't know a stag from a cock and
who never saw a chicken heeled, will kill
the nicest entertainment a gentleman or
lady could wish to enjoy."
Con Mooney did not say this in just such
languaee, becauso the veteran of the pit is
a great deal more empnatic, but such was
the opinion he expressed yesterday.
The thine is that Mooney, once known
as the founder of and first Mayor of
"Mooneyville by the Sea," is a little bit
out of sorts. He is bedridden with rheum
atism, and yesterday he had to forego the
exquisite pleasure of watching a few
chickens cut each other's throats or stab
each other to death with two-inch steel
gaffs that look like curved and sharpened
darning needles.
Mooney and Johnny Maher, who are
about equally entitled to the palm or pen
alty lor initiating the youths of this West
ern slope into the finesse of seeing dumb
animals suffer most horrible deaths, had
arranged for a big cocking main, to take
place early yesterday morning, and to last
until either one of the two masters of the
sport had won seven battles.
There was $500 wagered on the result, a
forfeit of $50 being put up as a guarantee
ol good faith.
This affair was the outcome of the cock
ing main held two weeks ago in the Mason
distillery outside of the Sausalito town
limits. On that occasion Maber, repre
senting San Lieandro and in fact the entire
Contra Costa County, had some thirteen
fighting cocks which he pitted against
a )iKe number from this side of the bay.
San Francisco lost by one battle.
Subsequently the Mason boys, whose
barn bad been used to hold the main,
set what was claimed to be an exorbitant
rental for its use. The sum being refused
them they confiscated all the roosters they
could lay their hands on and fought them
for their own pleasure or stewed them for
their own delectation.
Mooney was undismayed by the deple
tion of his barnyard, and when he chal
lenged San Leandro for another main he
scoured this City for more gamecocks,
which he secured in plenty.
These were tne birds that were to figure
in yesterday's main, but for events that
were certainly unforeseen by many the ri
val fowls were unable to come together.
It had been decided that the main
should be held somewhere out on the bay,
away from the reach of the authorities,
so the barge Yolo was engaged at a cost of
$20, and $30 more was offered to and ac
cepted by the captain of the tiny tug
Millie to tow two roosters and the sports
beyond the jurisdiction of the local
authorities.
The start was to be made at as nearly 6
o'clock in the morning as possible, and
several days ago quiet "lips" that the main
was to be held were given out.
Potrero and Presidio sports, young men
about town, clerks, wholesale butchers, cap
italists and a select coterie of the jeunesse
doree from the Palace Hotel knew all
about what fun was in store for them.
On toot, in cars, buggies, wagons and
carriaj.es they began to arrive early at the
foot of the Arctic Oil Works pier, near the
Union Iron Works. To reach there they
had to cross the Fourth-street bridge, over
the ill-smelling Mission Creek, only to cut
through tb« fouler and denser atmosphere
of the dumps farther on.
At 10 o'clock there was quite a cosmo
politan assemblage at the end of the
wharf, the kid-glove brigade freely mixing
up with the riff-raff w:iich is bound to
find its way into anything like a dog or
cock fight. But the chickens, Johnny
Maher and Mooney with their satellites,
were nowhere to be seen.
The little tug Millie was at the end of
the wharf, however, with steam up and a
hawser strung to the dilapidated capstan
of the Yoio. As a matter of fact, but for
this showing the weary crowd would have
quit the wharf and given up the pursuit of
pleasure hours before in the belief they
had been hoaxed.
Finally there was a sigh of relief when
at 10:30 o'clock Johnny Maher and a
couple of his Berkeley stockyard friends
NEW TO-DAT.
Jamaica
(fBNOER
has been curing the ills
of human kind. A spe-
cific for all stomach trou-
bles. Sold everywhere.
Ask for _
FRED BROWN CO..
' PHILADELPHIA.
hove in sight down the dusty road. They
drove up in an express-wagon well piled
with gunny-sacks, in which were con
tained the cnickens that were to afford the
day's fun in exchange for bruises, . cuts
and death.
The cocks wer* speedily transferred to
the barge, in the pilot-house of which the
gunny-sacks and tbeir^crowing contents
were carefully hung.
Then another tedious wait of an hour
and a half was had. Mooney had not
shovpn ud with his chickens.
'•Where is Mooney?" That was asked
on every side with no answer.
The hardened element wa« more ready
to accept the delay in good grace, but the
aristocratic contingent was restive. Three
or four coupes and carriages still remained
within hailing distance, and the young
bloods who were expected to do much of
the betting at the pit side were inclined to
withdraw. Some of them did leave the
place at 11 o'clock, shortly before
"Woodsy," recognized as "Mooney's
man," drove up in an express-wagon to
announce it would be impossible for the
ex-Mayor to show np. It was then
learned in an official way tnat Mooney's
old rheumatic complaint held him to his
bed.
Mooney, however, was willing to forfeit
his $50 put up when the main was made,
and, furthermore, he was willing to let
his birds fight for any one who cared to
back them.
But the birds were still in their barrels
far away near the new City Hall, aud were
hardly available.
After a brief consultation among six or
seven of the young bloods, Johnny Maher
being called in, it was decided that the
swells drive into town and get Mooney's
cnickens, and they departed, leaving the
crowd to await their arrival.
This move precipitated the trouble that
followed.
What appeared to be a dozen hard
working men enjoying a Sunday's outing
with rod and line had been casting for
fish all the morning from the stringers of
the wharf. Appearances, however, are
deceptive, as these inoffensive fishermen
turned out to be deputized officers of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals.
They had been quietly waiting to see ihe
cocking main begun so a* to arrest all the
parties in attendance, and in the distance
where they were unobserved were their
superior officers, who feared that if seen
their well-known identity would undo
them.
But when the young bloods departed in
their carriages and others in the crowd
appeared to leave in disgust at the long
wait, the deputiea on the wharf- gave the
signal.
In less than five minutes C. B. Hol
brook, secretary of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, Frank Lane
of th 6 State society for the same purpose,
F. B. Gibson, Ed Wadham, James Young,
J. Cochrane, George Kiddermann, Louis
Moulton, Fred Boder, A. R. Fredericks,
T. A. Osborn, F. A. Holbrook, N. McCur
rie, George Delmer, W. T. Hooper, H. Mc-
Murray and T. J. Coleman put in an ap
pearance.
"We're pinched!" exclaimed an old
timer, who has on more than one occasion
been caught in similar violations of the
law.
•' Yo kin shake me down if de cops ain't
got usl" shouted another.
There was no use trying to escape. The
dozen deputies already on one end of the
wharf and the officers coming along in a
body from tne other left but two avenues
of escape, and they were the sides of the
pier from which the prisoners might have
jumped into the muddy waters of the bay.
The outlook was not cheerful.
"Dey can't do a ting to us," a rusty
looking individual said, picking up a fish
ing-pole which a deputy had just dropped
"We're nshin' and we ain't done any cock
fightin'."
This information was somewhat reas
suring, but not quite so. Still the penned
in culprits put on a bold front and loudly
protested their innocence.
Secretary Holbrook was undismayed and
informed his prisoners they nad been
placed under arrest for violating section
911 of the Penal Code, prohibiting cruelty
to animals.
A howl of laughter went up at this de
claration, the prisoners saying they had
not even seen apy chickens, let alone
making them fight.
The officers, however, searched the barge
and brougbt forth the game-cocks, con
fined in sacks, and construed this evidence
as conclusive.
Communication was shortly had with
the Southern police station and regular
Policemen Whelan and Royston soon
reached the wharf with two patrol wag
ons, into which the eighteen prisoners
were huddled and taken to jail.
In nearly every instance the men gave
fictitious names, but were booked lor
"making arrangements for cock-fighting,"
with bail set $40 each as follows: Frank
Conlon, Albert White, Fred Johnson,
Grover Cleveland, Edward Ryan, George
Spallacv, James Brown, James Rieley,
Peter Mooney, John Maher, John Kelly,
Daniel Harding, W. J. Burt, Louis Zehe,
John Francis Robert Johnson and Henry
Sweeney.
One amusing incident occurred when a
friend of John McCarthy came into the
prison to offer bail for him.
Stepping up to the desk, he said to the
officer in charge:
"Here's your money for John Mc-
Carthy."
"No such man arrested," was the curt
reply.
"1 know better, for I saw him get out of
the cart."
McCarthy, who had been in a cell in the
lower end of the lockup, sang out:
"I'm not herel That is, McCarthy isn't
here."
"W T ell, what is your name?" asked Cap
tain Spillane, who enjoyed the situation.
"Well, now, you've got me this time. If
I say I'm McCarthy they'll know me and
josh the life out of me for being caught,
and so 1 don't know who 1 am. What
name did I say I was?" said he, turning to
Grover Cleveland, who was his cellmate.
"What do I know about you," was the
consoling response of Mr. Cleveland, who
who was thinking of his own troubles.
Some of the would-be sports remembered
their prison names while others had to be
identified by their friends and the arrest
ing officers. However, they all got bail
and seemed very indignant at the treat
ment they received.
They all protested in the strongest
terms their ignorance of cock-fighting,and
produced the following ticket to show
that they were simply going on a Sunday
excursion:
First grand excursion around the bay Sun
day, August 2, 1896. Music for dancing and
singing. The large, commodious barge tfolo
will be neatly fitted up for the occasion B nd
will be towed by the fast steamer Millie. The
management guarantees great pleasure on this
occasion. Refreshments, wines, liquors and
cigars and clam chowder, 10 cents. Barge
and stenmer will leave the o:l works' dock, at
the Potrero, at 10 a. m. sharp, aud will return
at 6:30r. M. Committee— WiliiauilAkins, John
Ma'uer, Cornelius Mooney. Tickets ;round
trip), $2.
While the prisoners arrested for trying
to go on an inr.ocent Sunday excursion
were being conveyed to the police station
the young bloods who had driven off to
call at Con Mooney's place made satisfac
tory arrangements with that gentleman
and were back at the Arctic Oil Works
wharf at 1 o'clock in the afternoon with
his thirteen chickens all snugly tied in
bans and stowed away in the carriages.
In the meantime the owner of the tug
and the barge was fretting at the loss of
his $50 for their use. The money had not
been paid him as yet and he had been at
considerable outlay. When the bloods
came to the wharf with Mooney's chickens
he told them that the Maher faction and
his cnickens had become weary and had
gone back uptown.
He declared likewise that under no cir
cumstances would he rent his tug and
barge to cockfighters, as he did not pro
pose to violate the law.
This was a sore disappointment, and
threatened the culmination of a good
day's sport.
One bright chappie, however, suggested
that the tug and barge be engaged for a
few hours' spin on tne bay for "a bit of
fresh air."
The bargain was concluded, and not all
the men who started out in the morning
to witness a cocking-main left their warm
bads in vain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1896.
VETERANS WHO
REGISTERED EARLY,
They Give a Good Example
to the Tardy Young
Men.
ONE IS A CENTENARIAN.
He Cast His First Vote for John
Quincy Adams in
1824
CAPTAIN JOHN SHORT'S RECORD
The Ex-Police Official Voted for An
drew Jackson for President Sixty-
Eight Years Ago.
As an example to the young men who
are tardy in registering at the City Hall
Goddard E. D. Diamond and ex-Police
Captain John Bhort were mentioned yes-
EX-POLICE CAPTAIN JOHN SHORT.
terday at a meeting of politicians in
terested in timely registration. Mr. Dia
mond was 100 years of age last May and
his first vote was cast for John Quincy
Adams in November, 1824. Captain Short
stated that he was 89 years of age en his
last birtnday. He cast his first vote for
Andrew Jackson in November, 1828, just
sixty-eight years ago.
"When I went to the registration office
yesterday," said Captain Short last even
ing, "the clerk told me that one older man
had been there. I said I knew who it was.
'Mr. Diamond,' I said, and I was right.
He voted four years before I did."
The veteran captain became reminiscent
as be looked back over his three score
years and eight as a voter and he related
some interesting incidents that formed
part of his experience.
"I was 21 years of ace the day I first
voted," he continued. "It was in the
'Bloody Sixth' Ward in New York. At
that time I looked very young and the
officers of election commented on my
juvenile appearance. That's the time the
Democrats came into existence. Before
it was Republicans and Whies. A Clay
man challenged my vote on the ground
that I was not 21. 'How old are you?' the
judge asked. 'I'm 21 to-day,' I answered.
As there used to be three days' elections
then in New York I was passed without
challenge. 'He could vote to-morrow,'
said the Clay man.
"Why was it called the Bloody Sixth?
The ward got that name in 1833. A Demo
crat was running for Mayor of New York.
Word was passed around that they were
bringing 'repeaters' from Philadelphia.
General Jonathan D. Stevenson, who died
here not long since, went to Philadelphia
and sent up so many 'pipe- layers,' and so
many more 'pipe-layers,' and so on. They
were the repeaters, and it was through
them the term 'pipe-laying' originated in
politics. A committee of 100 was organ
ized to protect the Whig voters of the Sixth
Ward. Our boys met that night and got
a 'committee' to stand them off. We
boueht three cartloads of firewood that
was then used in New York— heavy,
chunky blocks — and we dumped them* at
convenient points. When the Whig com
mittee of 100 came round the wood began
to fly and the Whies flew before it. Of
course, nobody was killed exactly, but
there were a great many beads cut. But
it wasn't much trouble, the hospital was
quite close— in Pearl street— and the cut
heads were dressed there. After that it
was the 'Bloody Sixth.'
"From my first vote till the election of
Lincoln, in 1860, I voted the Democratic
ticket. Yes, sir, I was a redhot Democrat
that never crossed a t or dotted an i.
How's that?" and the captain enjoyed the
old saying of his political opponents of
long ago,
"I voted for Douglas, and when Lin
coln was elected I was thrown out of
office— the San Francisco Postoffice. After
the war a great Union meeting was held at
the triangle at Bush and Market streets.
Some friends of mine said to me: 'Short,
it's all over now, we are going to reorga
nize the Democratic party ; come with us
to the meeting.' They represented the
Southern end of the party. A Judge (I
have forgotten his name), who was one of
tue speakers, said that be was a Unionist,
but the victory struck deep in him. Then
I said 'The Unionist is struck deep in me
and I'm going to stay there.'
"I left that meeting and ever since I've
voted the Republican ticket. After the
election of Taylor in 1848 I came here. I
left New York January 30, 1849, and ar
rived in San Francisco after a journey of
173 days from New York. My mining ven
tures were not a success and I came back
to San Francisco from the mountains.
Taylor appointed a new Postmaster for
San Francisco, a Mr. Moore. On his ar
rival here he found three or four clerks
playing cards in the Postoffice. He
thought that a terrible thing. Of course,
he was a straight down-Easter, so when I
met him I received an appointment in the
local Postoffice. This kept me out of poli
tics, though I took an active interest in
my own party."
Captain Short is an ardent McKinley
man.
"In November McKinley will be elected,
I believe, for the people are going over to
his side rapidly," he said.
"Regarding the money question, this
country cannot go against the world."
Burglar Arrested.
James Houlton, a sailor, was arrested last
evening by Policeman Furlong, and detained
at the California-street police station on a
charge of burglary. It is alleged that Houlton
entered the What Cheer House yesterday after
noon and stole a number of sheets and sold
them for the small sum of 25 cents.
A PLEASANT JOURNEY.
The Run to Ukiah From San FrancUco
on the S. F. and N. P- Railroad.
People who desire to get a beneficial
change of air and scene by a few hours'
travel and at minimum expense can do no
better than take a trip over the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Kailroad between
this City and Ujtiah, in Mendocino County.
The journey takes five hours, and every
mile of the entire distance is a most inter
esting panorama of charasteristic Califor
nia scenery.
Trains on this road leave the City early
in the morning, reaching Ukiah, the end
of the road, at a little after the noon hour.
If desired the traveler can take the train
bank in an hour and reach San Francisco
before dark, making the entire distance in
daylight.
The scenery along this road is of the
greatest variety. For miles orchards and
grain fields line the track, which gradu
ally give place to the lumber industry and
fiefds of bright, green hops, that in their
present condition make as beautiful a pic
ture as one could desire to look upon.
Through the Russian River Valley the
scenery is a continuous change between
wild grandeur and peaceful pastoral coun
try. On one side of the track there will
be cliffs and crags that rise hundreds of
feet and on the other wide stretches of
bottom land covered with rich ranches
surrounded by plentiful harvests of the
many products of one of the most pro
ductive valleys in the world.
La Gauloise.
The French residents of this City, en joyed
themselves at Harbor View yesterday at
the annual picnic of the Gauloise Society.
The following officers of the society had
charge of the arrangements: M. Fusch, presi
dent; J. Auradou, first vice-president; J. Decor
tieux, second vice-president; E. Robinet,
treasurer; H. Fabrique, J. Merieune, J.
Godeau, trustees.
THE AMERICAN INDIAN,
How Benevolent Uncle Sam
Looks After His
Welfare.
Boys Taught How to Till the Land
and the Girls How to Cook
and Sew.
The character of the North American
Indian, like that of the heathen Chinee,
is peculiar. The Red Man is very child
ish, but Uncle Sam takes a paternal inter
est in his welfare and hopes, in the course
of three or four generations, to make him
a thoroughly good citizen.
Tne teachers of Pacific Coast Indians
will convene in this City to-day. These
general meetings were established by the
present Superintendent of Indian Schools,
Dr. VV. N. Hailmann, in 1894.
It is due to the interest and courteous
co-operation of Superintendent of Schools
Madison Babcock and the Board of Educa
tion, that San Francisco was selected for
this year's meeting in preference to sev
eral other cities.
The first meeting will occur at the hall
of the Girls' High School this evening at 8
o'clock. At the same place all the even
ing meetings of the convention will be
The business meetings, beginning at 9
o'clock in the morning and at 2 in the af
ternoon, will be held in the council-room
of the Board of Education at the City
At the meeting this evening an address
of welcome will be delivered by Super
intendent Babcock, to be followed by a re
sponse by Dr. W. N. Hailmann, Superin
tendent of Indian Schools. "The Duty of
the Respective States with Reference to
the Education of the Indians Within
Their Borders," will be discussed by the
Hon. G. M. Irwin, Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, Salem, Or.
"The condition of the Indians has
changed very materially," said United
States Supervisor of Indian Education A.
H. Heinemann, "under the aDle adminis
tration of D. M. Browning, Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. It is the aim of the
United States to give them an industrial
rather than a literary or scientific educa
tion.
'JTbe Indians of California are located
chiefly on reservations in Pit River Val
ley, on the Klamath River, in Hoopa Val
ley, Round Valley, Lake County and
Southern California. The most of them
are trying to make their living by farming,
and Uncle Sam allots, when possible, 160
acres to every man, woman and child re
siding on a reservation. Field matrons
(white women) teach the squaws house
hold duties and the men are instructed in
farming.
"Each Indian school is supposed to
have connected with it a farm, and if
practicable a dairy also. The boys are
trained U> become farmers, carpenters,
blacksmiths, tailors, shoemakers, etc., and
the girls are taught sewing and cooking.
"The Indians in the United States num
ber, say, 250,000 and the schools 250. The
children of school age number 60,000, of
whom 40,000 attend schaol. The instruc
tion there received is of great benefit to
them ana in most instances produces a
marked change in their character and
lives."
Great Presbyterian Council.
At the Westminster Presbyterian Church on
Fell street this morning Rev. Henry E. M inton,
D.D., spoke interestingly of the proceedings of
the great Presbyterian Council, which com
menced in Glasgow last June. Dr. Minton,
who was a member of the council, has re
cently returned from an extensive trip in Eng
laud and Scotland.
• — ♦ — •
There are five male convicts to one fe
male convict Id English prisons.
BOOKMAKER ROSE'S
BIG PURCHASE.
He Has the Pick of Rancho
del Paso's Fine
Stock.
HAGGIN WILL NOT RACE
Henry Byrnes Will Have the
Horses Ready for the State
Fair Meet
A VERT FORMIDABLE STRING-
Exodus of Horsemen to the Petaluma
Fair — Many Horses Quartered at
Sacramento — Notes.
A big deal in horseflesh has recently
been consummated that will prove, a start
ling surprise to the turf world. George
Rose, the leviathan California bookmaker,
at present booking on the Eastern tracks,
has purchased from Rancho del Paso the
pick of the blue-blooded stock on the
famed ranch eligible to race, and the pop
ular colors of Millionaire Haggin, that
have been carried to victory so many
times by the illustrious Salvator, the peer
less Firenzi and many other mighty
racers, will probably not be seen on the
California turf the coming winter after all.
Designing eyes have been cast upon the
royally bred lot by different wealthy
horsemen, but the bookmaker has secured
the prize. It is learned that twelve of
them, all two-year-olds, have been entered
in the rich stakes to be decided during the
coming State Fair, as well as a very prom
ising three-year-old filly by Torso. Such
superb stallions as Salvator, imported
Maxim and imported Midlothian are rep
resented among the animals disposed of.
Henry Byrnes will handle the string.
'Mr, Rose is not a new comer to the turf.
In the past his rose and white colors have
been shown up on Nephew, Boreas, Ger
aldine, Ruinart, Tiger and others. The
latter colt, a son of Three Cheers, prom
ised to develop into a staxe horse, but un
fortunately broke down after winning a
stake in very impressive fashion and had
to be retired. As the horses sporting
the widely known and popu.ar penciller's
colors were invariably close up to the coin,
his present purchase will be a welcome
addition to the California turf.
Tod S'oane, the diminutive jockey who
wears a No. 2 shoe and a No. 8 hat, and
who by the way is meeting with consider
able success in the far East the pres
ent season where good lightweights are
scarcer than freckles on a watermelon, did
the major portion of the riding for Mr.
Rose last season and no doubt will be re
engaged for the coming winter campaign.
There are now nearly 250 horses quar
tered at the Sacramento track, and early
morning workouts will soon be the rule as
the time approaches for the opening of
the fair. Among the stables there with
strings of four or more horses are those of
George Rose, Joe Harvey, Al Morine,
John Humphrey, Nick Hall, Jim Neill,
DickLedgett.W. L. Stanfield, T. Boyle, the
big Spreckels string, El Primero stable,
William Murray, Charles Fair, Wilbur
Smith and many lesser lights. Archie
Stephenson recently arrived at the track
from Montana, bringing with him Blue
Bell, Faro, Norraandie and others.
Jockey Chevalier is at Sacramento in
theemploy of Joe Harvey and Charles
Fair, and it is said the California Jockey
Club folks consider favorably the move
looking to bis reinstatement.
Cuddy, the steeplechase rider who was
injured some months ago at Ingleside
track, had his collar-bone fractured while
schooling a "green" jumper one day last
week at Sacramento.
The grand list of stakes offered by the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club for its coming
winter meeting appear, to have caught the
fancy of horsemen with their rich induce
ments, and the new club can look for a
surprisingly large list of .entries. The
California Oaks, the California Derby and
the Spreckels cup will certainly become
the classic features of the far Western
turf.
Edward Macklvn, said to be a very
clever boy in the saddle, who has been
training the horses of a wealthy Burlin
game horseman for some time past, in
tends getting down, to riding weight and
will be seen in the saddle at the State
Fair.
Beginning this week with the Petaluma
fair, which place hangs up a number of
purses for the bang-tail division aa well as
for the light harness horse, there will be
an exodus of "circuit chasers" from the
City. Petaluma is holding out very
tempting inducements to horse-owners
and the fair is an assured success. Al
Leach will attend to the auction pool
selling and John Humphrey will chalk up
fat prices for the book bettors. The full
programme of events to be decided has
already appeared in these columns.
Immediately following Petaluma the
Glenn County Agricultural Association
will hold its annual fair at Willows.
Always one of the best towns on the cir
cuit Willows this year promises to sur
pass in the excellence of the sport offered
any of its race meets in the past. W. V.
Freeman, the association's hustling and
energetic secretary, reports a splendid lot
of entries for tue different trotting and
pacing events, among the lot being the
fast side-wheeler W. Wood (2:07), Waldo
J (2:08), Bay wood, Colonel Benton, Ruby
M, Loupe and Javelin. The trotting por
tion of the programme is well represented
by such excellent performers as Home
ward, Chico, Jasper Ayers, Gallette, Nut
wood Wilkes and Charivari. A number
of substantial purses will undoubtedly be
hung up for the runners also. W. P. Mc-
Nair has been engaged to do the starting.
Injuries Received on a Tandem.
Charles Birdsall, son of Police-Lieutenant
Birdsall, and William Reed, while riding a
tandem in the Midwinter Fair grounds of
Golden Gate Park yesterday afternoon, col
lided with a wagon. Birdsall received a severe
scalp wound ana an injury to his left arm. and
Reed's left ear was lacerated and his forehead
cut. They were taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where their wounds were dressed.
When Baby was sick, we ga-*e her Castoria,
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria,
MEW. TO-DAT- DRY;, GOODS.
SPECIAL SALE
. ;_ — _ '- — c>l*- ■ — — ■
EMBROIDERIES!
50,000 YARDS
Fine Nainsook and Cambric Embroideries
AT LESS THAN MANUFACTURER'S PRICES !
We beg to inform the public that com-
mencing Monday, August 3d, we will place
on sale a special purchase of four cases FINE
EMBROIDERIES. These Embroideries were
purchased by us from a manufacturer in
ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, and are all the
very finest class of goods. They come in all
the different widths with insertings to
match, and they are the very latest Guipure
and Irish Point effects.
The prices of above goods are
64C, 83C, 10c, 15c, 20c
25c, 30c and 40c per Yard,
And are fully 50 per cent less than similar
goods have ever been sold in this city.
TELEPHONE GRANT 184.
P\ QPO R >Q a* "^^ A k* mm* Mm V^\^^—,^Ci9^
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Many folks who summered
out of town have now re-
turned with revived energies,
and heartier appetites.
That's good.
We're anxious to make
prompt deliveries of foods \
which tempt any kind of an
appetite ; • especially the
discerning, discriminating
tastes.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Tea 50c grades 35c 3 lbs $1
75c grades. lb 60c
ail kinds of each.
1896 picking, fresh, ■ fragrant, full
bodied, delightful flavor.
Miner's ground chocolate
....:.. ;.v;.:.::.:.... : ...:.;.1b22Kc
Miner's breakfast cocoa lb 35c
Miner's Van Emden's cocoa.. lb 55c
(; Holland formula) '
regularly 30c, 50c : and 80c - re-
spectively. No one ever offered
these : goods so low before; =, we
. couldn't except by making very
heavy purchases.
California sweet wines
. . ;■?. ; bot 35c
.......;3 bots $100
Angelica, muscatel, malaga, sher-
ry, madeira, port. Our bottling.
Glace Cherries lb 40c
regularly 60c
Tooth brushes -
regularly, each ...2oc 25c 30c
special, each ... 15c 20c 25c |
The more you pay the better the j
bristles hold. .
Ash receivers . 25c j
Cigar and ash receiver; to : fit on
edge of table i cigar can't " roll j off,
neither can the ashes. Bronze and
nickel. Save polished tables.
Garden Hose
■■ 25 feet C 25 feet 50 feet 50 feet
regularly special , regularly special
standard... 50 :••■ $2 10 $4 75 $4 00
extra.....;. $3 50 . $300 $6 75 $5 75
superior ... $4 50. $4 00 $8 75 $7 75
; t with couplings complete.
■ This hose lasts ;if you blow the
. water out of it. All - ; Jour- ply but
the standard. Thick, heavy, best
quality rubber. "
August catalogue ready j:
free. : We ship everywhere.
NOTARY~PUBLIC.
: fIH ABIiES 'H. , PHILLIPS, ATTORNS
VJ law and Notary Public, 638 : .Market ■ si, - oppo-
, »we Palace HotaL > Telephone 670. s Seatduo* L4A4
j i tUu. ■ . Xel»pboa* -riat" asai.
Ladies, 1
Attention ! |
We are the Sole Agents for the B
COLUMBIA I
KID GLOVE I
Once Price, 1
Worn
Always $1.00
Worn. A pair.
Every Pair Fitted and
Fully Guaranteed.
KOHLBERB, STRAUSS &FROHMAN
107-109 Post St., Near Kearny.
1220-1224 Market Street.
\
Signature Is printed la 0 - /Jj
BLUE diagonally . fj"^
across tho f*\ l/" f«
OUTSIDE ( I /V>
wrapper/ f >4<2/ /X .
I/I / of every
~\Y .'/■ bottle of
.| r '" / (the Original
I JO". / and Genuine)
I\JU^J/ v Worce3tershiro
SAUCE
Am a further protection against
.'. all imitations.
f Agents for the United State*, .
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. fCvl
TBESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
— —Ob. THK
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
*■,-■: ' OPEN PXTIIi MIDSIOHT.
WE SUCCEED
THE BANCROFT CO.
AM) SKLL- .
SCHOOL BOOKS
AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO.,
Second floor. 723 Market Street.