VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 105?
ALL UNDER
ONE FLAG
Democratic Business Men
of Chicago Journey
to Canton.
JOIN THE REPUBLICANS
IN A PILGRIMAGE.
Five Thousand Sound-Money
Men Show Their Loyalty
to National Honor.
major McKinley assured of
INVINCIBLE SUPPORT.
Words by the Champion of Protection
Show the Necessity of Pre
venting Repudiation.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 12.— Five thou
sand men who intend to vote for sound
money made a Dilgr image to Canton to
day to shake hands with William McKin
ley, to listen to his discussion of the issues
ftnd to promise him personally their sup
port. From half-past 8 in the morning
till 9 o'clock to-night the streets rang to
the music of brass bands and echoed to
the tread of marching feet. Five delega
tions called on Major McKiniey. and some
of the most important that have visited
him were among the number.
The reception of the Chicago Democratic
McKinley Club was a notable one. This
club came 1000 strong, and the reception
given it has never been exceeded in en
thusiasm since the opening of the cam
paign. The streets about the McKinley
residence were niled with peopie who
cheered and applauded vigorously. And
no delegation-<of lifelong Republicans waa
ever more demonstrative than these Chi
cato Democratic commercial men in their
greetings to Major McKialey.
When the candidate appeared on the
porch be was greeted with an outburst of
c eering and applause which continued
several minutes. When the applause bad
subsided Mr. Hoffsiadt, the spokesman,
turning to Major McKinley, said:
In behalf of the Commercial Democratic
Clab o< Chicago, compnsfng only men who
have always voted tt»e Democratic ticket and
anting every branch of mercantile in
terest in our city, I extend to you our most
cordial greeting and pledge to you our
earnest and hearty support. While giving
you our support in this campaign, the great
majori y of our club still believe in the vital
principles of the real Democratic^ party as
enunciated by Jefferson, 'Jackson and Cleve
land, and while me may still differ with you
in a number of minor policies of government,
those principles which we have ad
vocated, though still dear to many of
us, sink into insignificance when our
country is threatened by the alleged
Democratic party, its platform and can
didates nominated at Chicago; advocating
repudiation and dishonor, which, if success
ful, we believe would create widespreaa dis
aster and ruin to the business interests of our
country. We, the members of the Commercial
Men's Democratic McKinley Clbb, who have
always voted the Democratic ticket, will
demonstrate to you in this crisis the same as
all loyal Democrats did in the crisis of 1861
when their coumry was threatened with re
bellion; their patriotism and love for their
country, so will we demonstrate to you our
patriotism and love in our country, its insti
tutions amd fla«, by supporting you, whom
we have confidence will best subserve and
maintain the honor and integrity of our
country and restore to our people confidence
w.nl prosperity.
Major MiKinley had to face another
storm of epplause when he stepped for
ward to speak. He stf din part:
Your call is most gratifying to me and most
encouraging to the cause in which we are
jointly eneaTed. To have this large body of
commercial men representing every branch of
mercantile interest in the great city of Chicago,
belonging to another political Darty than the
one with which I am associated. Day me avisit,
is peculiarly significant and demonstrates in a
most striking manner that the great conserva
tive force of all parties can be relied upon to
unite in every crisis of the country. [Tre
mendous cheering.] I sometimes think, my
fellow-citixens, that possibly the dangerous
menace of free silver and an irredeemable un
limited paper currency which now confronts
us was needed to convince the whole world
that the old sectional lines are obliterated and
thai the domination of party is not tenacious
enough to control against the country's wel
fare. Tremendous cheering and cries of
"Hurray for McKinley ."[
You have said, Mr. President, that you are
still Democrats. [Laughter.] I cannot expect
you to be otherwise; but now, as in the days
of the war, men of ail parties are united under
the standard borne by the immortal Lincoln
[great cheering], wbo stood for the National
Union and the flag of our forefathers. This
year, moved by the same sentimeut of patriot
ism, you nnite with the Republican party be
cause it carries the glorious banner on which
is inscribed American honor and American
prosperity. [Tremendous cneering and cries
of "Hurrah for McKiniey."]
Gentlemen, I am profoundly impressed by
this call, and while differing from me, as you
have stated, in minor policies of government,
yet I welcome you, every one of you, as patri
otic associates in this great contest for the tri
umph of law and order [applause], for Na
tional nonor and public and private honesty.
[Renewed aprlause and cries of "Good."] Our
free institutions will never perish so long as
tbe people are guided by the spirit
of patriotism which you have expressed in
turning away from your party because you
believe its success endangers public and pri
vate credit and is a menace to public and pri
vate morals. [En thusiastic cheering and cries
of "That's right."] It ;is a noble cause which
engages and inspires this large body of com
mercial men. Standing by constitutional
authority and law is tbe highest obligation of
American citizensnip. Standing by public
faith is a call to supreme duty. [Applause.]
Preserving the public credit untainted and the
currency uncorrupted and both above chal
lenge anywhere in the world, is the command
oi simple honesty and good morals. [Cheers
and cries of "Good, good."]
One of the pbasesof the political struggle this
ye«r, my fellow-citizens, is whether we shall
nave good money, or whether we shall have
poor money. [Cries of "We want gooa
money."] Honest money is the only kind for
honest people [great cheering], and the United
States Government will have no other. [Cheers
The San Francisco Call
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
and cries of "Hurrah for McKinley."] There
are srood people, doubtless, who believe that
the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1 will keep
our dollar as gooa as it is now, and result in
giving us more money ; but will it? [Cries of
"No, no, never."] All authority in our country,
and throughout the world, is against it. Is it
reasonable that the stamp of the Government
can make 52 cents of silver worth a dollar?
[<ries of •No.no."] We have the best money now
and that is what it has been since 1879. That
is what it will continue to be if the Repub
lican party is given control of every branch of
the Government. [Cheers and cries of "It will
be given that all right!"] If we were starting
out now, gentlemen, to originate a new
financial system, would we make a different
one from that we now have? [Cries of "No!
No!"] A metal whose market value is the
same as its coin value is surely a safer stand
ard than a metal whose market value is 48
cents lets than its coin value. If you were to
have two standard* they must be equal. If we
would float both gold and filver freely we
must make the ratio based upon the com
mercial value of the two metals.
Thin was the view of the early statesmen of
our history, irrespective of party. This was
the view of both Jefferson and Hamilton, who
differed wiaely on other subjects. This has
been the view of the wise men— Democrats
and Republicans [applause] — from the begin
ning of the Government until now. There are
those who think :here is something sacred
about the ratio of 16 to 1 because the fathers
established it, but the fathers did not establish
it. They established the ratio of fifteen ounces
of silver to one ounce of gold, and those who
established that ratio made it upon the com
mercial ratio between gold and silver, and
they seemed not to have been influenced by
the fact that in 1492 the commercial and coin
age ratio was ten and three-fourths ounces of
silver to one ounce of gold. It was not until
1834 that the United States adopted the ratio
of 16 to 1. And why was it done? Because
that was believed to be the real relative value,
or nearly so, between the two metals at that
time.
Major McKinley then told how Presi
dent Jefferson ordered the discontinuance
of the coinage of silver dollars because he
believed he could keep gold in the country
and make it circulate at a ratio of 15 to 1
by this action. He added :
There were no silver dollars coined in the
United States from 1806 to 1834. Then Con
gress changed the ratio between the two
metals from 15 ounces of silver to 1 ounce of
gold, and our whole history has demonstrated
that whenever under any ratio the one metal
was more valuable than the other the more
valuable went out of circulation and the less
valuable remained in. [Cries of "That's
right."] In 1873, when the free coinage of
silver was stopped, we were not using either
gold or silver as money. We were using paper.
We did not use a doflar of silver then. We
now have five hundred and fifty millions, of
which four hundred and thirteen millions are
full legal-tender standard silver dollars, and
behind every one of them is the Government
of the United States. [Great cheering.] The
lack of silver sure. y could not have depreciated
prices since 1873, for we have sixty times
more of it now than we had then.
The depression in the price of wheat, it is
nt.w said, must be accounted ior in some other
way. The Chief of the United States Bureau
of Statistics states that the consumption of
wheat per capita in 1895 was 25 per cent less
than in 1892. Do yen not think that this
nvght be a more reasonable accounting ior the
depreciation in the price of wheat than to
charge it to the legislation of twenty- three
years ago t {Cries of "Yes."] It was the de
crease of consumption and the increase of
producer*, not the need of the free coinage of
silver, that caused the low price of wheat to
day. We cannot make prices, but we can pro
vide that all prices shall be paid in dollars
worth one hundred cents. [Cries of "That's
right" and great cheering.] We cannot re
verse the laws of trade and we w'll not reverse
the laws of common honesty. [Great applause
and cries of "Good."]
The great delegation of workingrnen,
2000 in number, which arrived from Home
stead to-day, made an imposing im
! ression as it marched up the streets.
The Homestead Glee Clab sang several
songs, and Superintendent ilcLachlan of
the transportation department at Home
stead made an address. He said that the
men— that 5000 workers — now turn oat
9000 tons of finished material per month,
and added: "And the McKinley law
would make us double that. It is too bad
to see such men and such a plant lie idle,
all caused by a lot of theorists."
"When Major McKinley mounted a chair
to reply he was kept silent for several min
utes by the tumultuous uproar of cheer
ing. When he was able to speak he said,
in part:
I am glad to meet and to greet you working
men of Homestead. I nave always believed
in homesteaders. [Lnugbter and applause].
We are interested in a contest which involves
the question of sound money, whether we
shall have the same good money we now have
and have had for more than sixteen years past
timsh of a Pony Race, Gentlemen Riders, at the San Rafael Hunt dub's Meeting, San Clemente T>ack,
or try the hazardous expedient of engaging in
the free coinage of silver, an experiment that
bus worked disaster everywhere and is bound
to work it here if ever tried. Some phases of
this question I want especially to put up for
your consideration. The statement is made
that tne gold standard has injured the coun
try, diminished the prices of agricultural
products, appreciated the price of gold and
wrought ruin and disaster to the country.
This is, of course, a mere assumption and is
based upon the fluctuations of tne maritet
prices of commodities, which in many in
stances have diminished in the last twenty
five years, and because of this decrease in
prices it is asserted that gold has appreciated.
The fall In prices every man in this audience
knows is easily and readily accounted lor
upon a moment's reflection.
The decrease in the products of commodi
ties has been going on ever since skill and
genius and invention have bee^i at work and
such cheapening process has been marked and
conspicuous for a third of a century, aided by
a protective tariff and the rich rewards that
our prosperity has offered.
Whenever agricultural products have fallen
*n price it is discoverable that there has been an
increased production. As great areas of land
have been opened to the raising of farm pro
ducts, the quantity of such production has in
creased and the demand not increasing in the
same proportion prices have logically and in
evitably fallen. If there i 6 one day's labor
for sixteen workingmen, you would not get as
good wages as though there were sixteen days'
work ior one workingman. [Laughter and
continued applause.] And that is th» sort of
16 to 1 we want in the United States. [Ap
plause.] The changes in the prices of agri
cultural product* or any other commodities
which have been cheapened in t heir produc
tion by improved machinery and more com
petitive fields with their great production does
not prove that gold has advanced in value,
but simply that such products have fallen
in price.
A bushel of wheat, even at the present low
price, will buy more American commodities
than the same quantity would have bought
thirty or forty years ago. Ah, gentlemen, are
not the wages paid labor rather than the ever
changing market price of commodities the
best and most logical test? Is not the labor
of men rather than the thing which his labor
creates, the real test? Have the w«ges paid to
labor since 1873, as measured by gold, de
creased? [Applause.] That is the crucial
question. We resumed specie payments on
a gold basis, January 1, 1879. Since that time
wages and salaries have not declined, but have
risen. In 1880 the number of employes in the
manufacturing industries of tne United States,
men and you'hs, was 2.732,000, aggregating
in wages #947.375,000, or an avenge of $324
per capita. In 1890, ten years alter resump
tion, the number of wage-earners was 4,712,
-622, and their aggregate earnings were
$2,283.2 18,529, or $488 per capita. This
showing would clearly indicate that the gold
basis has not injured labor.
The cheapening of commodities comes from
the introduction and application of '.abor
saving machinery, both on the farm and in
the factory. There is scarcely any branch
of production which does not turn out
more commodities per hour of labor than
In 1873. It would be just as reasonable
and just as conclusive to say that the
suspension of the free coinage of sil
ver in 1873 reduced the Drice of steel rails
from $125 per ton to $25 and $20 per ton, the
price now prevailing, as to say that act reduced
the price of wheat. The price of wheat is fixed
by the law ot supply and demand, which is
eternal.
Gold has not made long crops or short crops,
high prices or low prices. Gold has not opened
ud the wheat field* of Russia, India or the Ar
gentine Republic; nor will iree silver dry
them. Gold has jwrt kept op the freight rate
for the agricultural producer and tbe stoppage
of free coinage iti 1373 has not advanced ir.
In 1873 the average freight on grain by lake
and rail from Chicago to New York was 26 9
cents per bushel.
In 1895 it was 6.9 cents per bushel. Our
working people have bought the necessaries
and comforts of life cheaper for themselves
and families durtna- all these years since
1873 and down to 1892. They were getting
better wages, paid in gold, for their labor than
ever before. In the U::ited States everything
has been cheapened but men, and as nearly as
I can asceruiin Is the free-aver countries,
such as Mexico, Central America and South
America, man alone has been cheapened,
everything he buys having been steadily in
creased with constant fluctuations by tne
steadily decreasing price of silver. With the
gold basis and the protective tariff from 1878
to 1893 the workingmen of this country were
never before so steadily employed. They
never before received such go d wages; they
never before were paid in better money, and
their wages never before bought so many of
the necessaries, comforts and luxuries of life.
[Applause and hurrahs for McKinley.]
II a gold standard deprives the American
toiler of a single day's work or his family of a
single comfort or reduced his wages or made
life harder for him I should be against it. [Ap
plause.] As it does :.ot and as it promotes the
general prosperity and uphold* the National
credit and honor, lam for it, and sha 1 stead
ily favor it so long as I believe it is truly bene
ficial and aflvantageous to oar country. [Loud
and continued applause.] The Hon. John G.
Carlisle, the distinguished Democrat who is at
present Secretary of the Treauury, on April
13, 1896, addressed the workingmen of Chi
caso in a speech of great power aDd eloquence.
Among other things he said: "The value ot
the silver dollar under free coinage would
fluctuate from day to day, moving up and
down with the rise aud fall of the commercial
price of bullion contained in it, as the Mexi
can dollar does now, and the premium on tne
goM dollar would, of course, fluctuate to the
same extent, thus affording an opportunity to
bullion-brokers and speculators to buy and sell
at a profit.
"It would cease to be used as money, because
no man would pay his debts in gold dollars or
in paper redeemable in dollars worth 100
cents when the law permitted him to pay them,
in silver dollars worth only 51 or 52 cents
each."
"The sudden withdrawal," says Mr, Carlisle,
"of $620,000,000 of gold from the currency of
the country would undoubtedly produce a
financial and industrial disturbance far more
disastrous to the interest of labor than has
ever been experienced in our historyj and no
man who has a particle of sympathy for work
ingmen and their dependent families can con
template tbe possibility of such a calamity
without feeling that it is his duty, whether he
occupies a private or public position, to em
ploy every honorable means at his command
to avert it." Those are the words of truth and
soberness, and I commend them to the work
lngmen of Homestead [applause] and the en
tire country everywhere as well suited to their
most serious and earnest consideration.
I am in favor of protecting to-day the labor
ing man of tbe United States against a de
graded currency. lam opposed to free trade,
because it degrades American labor. I am
opposed to free silver, because it degrades
American money. [Cheering.] I thank you
more than I can tell for this call from the men
who toiL [A voice, "We are all with you,
Major."]
It was- 2:30 when the music of the ad
vancing bands announced the approach
of a thousand employes from the offices of
the Penneylvunia Railway in Pittsburg.
About the same time the skies darkened,
the sun disappeared and great masses of
black clouds rolled across the sky.
Marching just behind the railway men
was a column of 700 workingmen from Mc-
Keesport, Pa. The two delegations filed
into the yard together and before either of
their spokesmen had said a word the rain
began to fall. In tantly a thousand um
brellas were raised. W. C. Cronemeyer,
spokesman for the McKeesport people,
tried to make himself heard, but only said
a few words. Then there was a lull and
Samuel H. Church, the spokesman for the
railway men, ma !e a brief B|«ech.
When Mr. Church had finished the rain
was comine down in torrents and it was
decided to go to the Tabernacle. The I
crowd marched there and when Major
McKinley arrived greeted him with voci
ferous applause. He expressed his regret
that the inclement weather had divided
this great delegation, but added that he
wai sure that rain would not divide them
on the 3d day of November. This was
greeted with applause and cries of "No,
you bet it won't."
The major went on to speak of the visit
he made to McKeesport two years ago at '
celebration of its one hundredth anniver
sary and the remarkable progress it had
made. He adde I :
I did not find everybody to well employed
then as they had been. during the previous
two years, but I found great industries, giving |
employment to thousands of workirgmeu, \
which had been built up under the Republi- I
can policy that had an uninterrupted exist- {
enee for more tnan a third of a century. :
[Great applause.] I was glad to note, among \
other things in connection with that city, the
establishment of a Mnplate works— one of the
first if not the first ever established in the
United State?— giving employment to hun
dreds of men and of hundreds more in other
puts of the country. lam also gl«d to meet
s<> many of the men employed in the general i
offices of the Pennsylvania linos west of Pitts
burg here at my home, for I have long known"
Slack of their efficiency and fidelity. [Ap
plause.]
I do not think that there was ever a time in
the history of our country when so many men
were interested in the rightful settlement of
public questions as this year, and no class of
our people are so much interested in their
rightful settlement as the men who work for
wages and salary. [Great applause and cries
of "You're right."]
It has pleased me ye ry much to ob«erve that
along the lines of the railways of this country
the employes are organizing, and 1 thank
them for it. [Applause and cries of "We don't
want tba ks."] But I want to give you one
piece of advice— don't use these great organi
zations to coerce your employers to vote the
same ticket as you do. [Tremendous applause
and lau.'hter lasting several minutes.] When
Continued on Second Page.
SAN RAFAEL
PONY RACES
Society Gathers to View
Equine Contests for
Mastery.
GENTLEMEN RIDERS IN
THE SADDLE.
Walter Hobart Carries Away a
Large Proportion of the
Trophies
MS. ARCHIBALD THROWN BY
HIS MOUNT.
Escapes With a Few Scratches That
Are Not Serious— A Ball at
Night
BAN RAFAEL, Cal.. Sept. 12.— Never
was a race meeting managed by the aris
tocracy of any country that brought more
true lovers of sport on the field than that
of the San Rafael Hunt Club at the Valen
tine track this afternoon. The grand
stand flashed under tbe tempered rays of
the sun with the bright multi-colors of the
toilets of the ladies. Tbe same sun
gleamed on the hundred or more fashion
able turnouts drawn up close to the course
to give their occupants views of the events.
Throughout all the gay afternoon gen
tlemen in tbe flaring colors and circus
rine costumes of the jockey were rustling
hither and thither over track and paddock,
or, astride tbe steeds that strove for mas
tery, applying spur and whip in efforts to
win trophies and giory. And the while
matrons aud maids of high degree ap
plauded their efforts gracefully.
When the sun had left the hollow in
darkness and the echoes of the plaudits
and the thundering of the ponies' teet
hurrying to the goal had died away, in the
ballroom of Hotel Rafael the same enthu
siastic riders, clad in conventional garb,
talke.l over the exciting events of tne day
and listened to their praises spoken by
fair lips.
• The ra ces began prom p tly at 1 :30 o'clock.
The eD trie* in the first event were: Hos
tellers, F. F. Follis; Black Beauty, Frank
8. Johnson; Juicy Peach, J. F. Carolan;
Bay Rum, J. I. Crooks; Hugh Dimond,
W. H. Bradley; Lady Greensleeves, W. S.
Hobart; Mollih.ni, R. Spreckels; Nettie,
R.Spreckels; Cock Robin, Master Puiceli
Jones.
The race began dramatically. J. F. J.
Archibald, on Spreckeis' Nettie, waa
thrown shortly after starting on the first
lap. He narrowly escaped serious injury,
but as luck would have it got off with only
a few slight bruises. Lady Greensleeves,
ridden by Mr. Hobart, won; Juicy Peach,
ridden by Farnsworth, was second, and
Moliihini third.
In the second event Irrna, W. H. Brown ;
Burt, F. 8. Francis; Fin Slaughter, H. S.
Anderson; Glebe, J. R. Swain; Albatross.
Miss Buckley; Johnnie Payne. William
O'Connor, were the starters. Irma, rid
den by Jennings, won; Burt, ridden by
X nney, second; Johnnie Payne, ridden
by Calaban, third.
Entered for the third race were: Mau
rice D, Mr*. F. S. Johnson; Cricket. Miss
Thomas; Antrim, C. F. Ackley; Am
monia, R. P. Green; Ginger. C. L. Grif
fitii; Redwood. Charles A. Neave. This
dash was exciting and gave Mr. Hobart a
chance to display his horsemanship.
Maurice D, his mount, won by a half head
from Cricket. Redwood came in third.
For the fourth contest Hostetteis, l.^B
Follis; Sugar Cane, J. b\ J. Archibald;
Ginger Ale. W. S. Hobart; Brandy, W. S.
Hobart; Juicy Peach, J. F. Caroian; Bay
Rum, J. J. Crooks; Nettie, R. Spreckels;
Molhhini, R. Spreckels, linert up. Brandy,
ridden by Hobart, won; Sugar Cane, rid
den by Mr. Baggott, second; Bay Rum
third.
St. Brandon, Mr. M. Murray; Billy
Rcbinson, Mr. Robinson; Billy, Mr. C. F.
Ackley: Antrim, Mr. C. F. Ackley, tried
conclusions in the succeeding event.
Billy won, Antrim second, St. Brandon
third.
The entries in the last event were : Gin
ger Ale, Mr. W. S. Hobart; Gold Coin, Mr.
W. S. Hobart; Hostetters, Mr. F. F. Fol
lis; Moliihini, Mr. R. Sprectels; Bay
Rum. Mr. J. J. Crooss; Hugh Dimond,
Mr. W. H. Bradley; Sugar Cane, Mr. J. F.
J. Archibald; Juicy Peach, Mr. J. F. Car
oian. Gineer Ale (ridden by Mr. Hobart)
won, Hobart's Gold Coin coming in sec
ond and Moliihini third.
One of the most interesting races of the
day was that between littie Purcell Jones
and T. N. Joiinson's little boy mounted on
Shetland ponies. Youug Jones won on
Cock Robin, while Master Johnson came
in second on Black Beauty.
This evening a grand ball was held at
Hotel Rafael in honor of the winners.
Wolff I'laceU in Hijlilnndi.
LOS ANGELES, Cax., Sept. 12.— Captain
Maximilian Wolff was taken to the High
land Asylum yesterday. The captain
is a scientist and an inventor, and posr
sesses an excellent education, having grad
uated irom Heidelberg and tbe University
of Leipsic. His mania was caused by
spiritualism. He claims to be the inventor
of five different plans of airships, and
feels confident that that mode of travel
will soon displace the railroads.
LI NEARING VANCOUVER,
The Chinese Viceroy Enjoys His
Transcontinental Trip by
Rail.
Marvels at Canadian Enterprise in
the Construction of Long
Railroads.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept 12.— Li Hung
Chanc reached the Pacific division of the
Canadian Pacific Railway at noon to-day,
and his special train will arrive in Van
couver about noon to-morrow. Prepara
tions tor the reception of tne Earl are now
completed. Delegations of Chinamen
from the cities of Puget Sound, Portland
and San Francisco are here to render him
homage.
He will be carried in his sedan chair
from the train to the steamship Empress
of China, passing through a guard of his
own countrymen, who, in silk robes, will
stand in two long lines kow-towing to the
Viceroy as he is carried through their
ranks.
A handsome triumphal arch has been
erected by tbe local Cuinameu on the way
between the train and the steamer, and
under this his Excellency will pass. The
Viceroy has named Monday morning as
tbe time to receive the various deputa
tions that are to wait upon him.
The Viceroy's special train reached
Revelstoke at 5 o'clock this evening. A
press dispatch from that point states that
Li Hung Chang is greatly pleased with
his trip across Canada and with the uni
lorm kindness and courtesy he has re
ceived. He is much interested in every
tning pertaining to railroads and ex
presses great admiration and surprise at
the energy and enterprise of the Canadians
lin undertaking the stupendous task of
building a transcontinental road in rivalry
with the existing American roads. He
| says such a road iv his country would pay
j mu^h better than in Canada, because
China is more thickly populuted. He
does not offer much encouragement to
foreigners in the matter of railroad buik:
ing in China. He says all such undertak
ings will be ziven to Chinese contractor?,
I who may employ American or 'European
engineers if they see fit.
With regard to anti-Chine3e agitation
and legislation, he considers they are
prompted by jealousy of the Chinese for
their ability to work harder and live more
economically than tneir white brother.
The members of the party are in the
best of health and spirits.
FIVE CEXTS.
ACCEPT THE
NOMINATION
Palmer and Buckner Are
Formally Notified at
Louisville.
BRYANISM DENOUNCED
IN THEIR SPEECHES.
Never Before Has Such a Large
Audience Turned Out in
Kentucky.
ENTHUSIASTIC OVATION TO THE
STANDARD-BEARERS.
The National Democracy Shows H»
Strength by the Rally of Scunf-
Mcney Advocates.
LOUISVILLE, Kt.. Sept. 12.— General
John M. Palmer of Springfield, 111., and
General Simon Buckner of Hart County,
Ky., were formally notified at the Audito
rium to-night that they are the nominees
of the National Democratic party for the
offices of President and Vice- President, in
the presence of the largest andience that
ever attended a political gathering in
Kentucky. The 5000 seats in the hall
were filled and 3000 people jammed the
aisles and sides of the building, while at
the doors were gathered a thousand more,
eager to hear and shout for the standard
bearers of tne National Democracy.
The meeting was presided over by Hon.
W. D. Bynum of Indiana, chairman of
the National Democratic Executive Com
mittee. Senator Donelson Caffery of
Louisiana notified Senator Palmer, and
Colonel John R. Fellows of New York in
formed General Buckner of the honor
conferred upon him.
The two standard-bearers replied in
turn, and were greeted with applause
wbicn made the big building tremble.
On the tower of the building were the
names of Palmer and Buckner spelled in
tiiree-fbot electric letters. The stage waa
arranged in tiers of seats, and on them sat
some oi. the foremost Democrats in the
United States. In the vast audience ladies
were present in conspicuous numbers, and
the sixteen boxes were rilled with guests
especially invited by George M, D;ivie,
chairman of the State Executive Commit
tee. Senator Lindsey was the first to
appear on the stage, and he was loudly
cheered.
Before the arrival of Senator Palmer
and General Buckner the National salute
of forty-five guns was fired by Battery A.
Senator Palmer and General Buckner
walked on the stage from the wings arm
in arm, and then the cheering began. For
one and a half minutes t c two nominees
stood still, looking at the vast audience,
bowed their thanks and sat down in two
big leather chairs. The cheering contin
ued a minute longer, when Hon. Zach
Phelps. National committeeman from
Kentucky, quieted the audience and
called tne meeting to order. He said:
"Fellow-ciiz»»ns, before I introduce the
distinguished chairman 1 am instructed
to direct all the audience to get the slips
in their seats and unite with u> in singing
'My Country, 'Tis of Thee, Sweet Land of
Liberty.' "
The band began to play the eood old
SEW TO-DAY.
~
ITCHINCT
SKIN
DISEASES
RELIEVED BY J
ONE APPLICATION OP
Bpeedt Curb Tbeatxsnt. — Warm baths
with Ccticcka Soap, gentle applications of
CcTicrnA (ointment) , and mild doses of Cnrc-
cci-.a Resolvent, greatest of humor cares.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Crricuxi, 50c
Soap, 15c Resolvent. M)c and $1. Pom* Dxta
AST Chkk. Corp.. Sole Prop*.. Boston.
mar " How to Core Itching Skin Dueuo," mailed 6m.
WHY
Be bothered •with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
■will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
* Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
- Finished in the best style.
EYERI GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
, , — ~
§ END for a picture of our I
Factory, we will mail one to you free <
of charge.
YE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
IDSBESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San francisco.
California.2
tune and every man and woman arose
from their seats and joined in. Senator
Palmer and General Buckner stood side
by side and sang the first verse with
spirit.
After the singing of "America" Mr.
Phelps introduced the Hon. W. D. By
num of Indiana. He was warmly greeted
with hurrahs for "Old Bill Bynum." Mr.
Bynum after referring to tbe work of the
Indianapolis convention said in part:
"We are here to-night to officially and
formally notify these gentlemen of the
nominations which were conferred upon
them. I shall not, my friends, on this oc
casion undertake to discuss the causes
which led to the assemblage of tbat con
vention.
Mr. Bynum tbon spoke of the invitations
which bad been sent to "certain dis
tinguished Democrats" to attend this
meeting and proceeded to read their re
plies. Mr. Bynum first read a telegram
from Secretary David K. Francis and Sec
retary Daniel Lamont, which were han
dled in the dispatches of the United Asso
ciated Presses early in tne week. When
he took m> a third and read the words
"Bar Harbor" there were yells of delight.
"That's Carlisle, that's Carlisle," was the
cry, and when Mr. Bynum finished read
ing three cheers were given for Carlisle
half a dozen times. Carlisle's telegram
was as follows:
Bar Harbor, Me., September 12, 1896.
lion. W. p. Bynum, Louisvillt: Your tele
gram inviting me to attend the meeting at
Louisville to-day has been forwarded to me at
this place, and I greatly regret my inability to
accept. The conservative and patriotic declar
ation of the Indianapolis convention on the
public questions involved in the pending con
test and the high character of its nominees
cannot fßil to arouse the real Democratic sen
timent of- the country. and command the
hearty support of all who sincerely believe in
the preservation ol the public honor, the pub
lic peace and the stability and value of the
currency used by our people. I am proud to
take my stand with the old-fashioned Demo
crats who have refused to abandon their hon
est convictions in order to form unnatural
alliances with political and social organiza
tions whose purposes are dangerous to the
country and wholly inconsistent with the
fundamental principles of our party, and I
pledge to you and your associates such sup
port and assistance as I can properly give dur
ing the campaign. j. g. Carlisle.
Then came the outburst of the evening.
"Buzzards Bay," read Mr. Bynum. That
was all the audience wanted to hear. To
a man they jumped upon the chairs and
in the aisles, screaming like mad for Gro
ver Cleveland. It was two minutes before
Mr. Bvnum conld proceed, and he was
continually interrupted with cheers for
Groyer Cleveland. When he finished the
Indianapoiis delegation proposed three
cheers, and they were of the rip-roaring
order and lasted nearly two minutes. The
telegram read*
Buzzards Bay, Mass. Sept. 10, 1896.
Hon. If*. /;. r.ynum, Jntianapolis, laid,: 1 re
gret that I cannot accept your invitation to
attend the notification on Saturday evening.
As a Democrat, devoted to the priu'ciples and
integrity of my party, I 6hould bo delighted
to be present on an occasion so significant and
to mingle wi:h those who are determined that
tne voice of true Democracy shall not be
smothered and who insist that its glorious
Mandard shall be borne aloft as of old iv
faithful hands. Groves Cleveland.
When the applause had subsided Mr.
Bynum introduced Senator Donelson Caf
fery. Senator Caffery was given a warm
reception. He said:
General Palmer: I am charged with the
pleasant duty of notifying you, on behalf of
the National Democratic party, that you are
its nominee and candidate for President of the
United states. Under ordinary circumstances
no elaborate or extensive statement of the
causes which led up to your nomination would
be appropriate, but the Democratic party is no
longer solid. The Chicago p^atiorm shaped
aud drove the wedge that has separated 11 in
twain. A comparison of the platforms
adopted at Chicago and at Indianapolis
disclosed the reasons for the separation. You,
sir, stand on a rlatform adhering to the an
cient and accepted doctrines of true Democ
racy.
It declares in unequivocal terms for a tariff
for revenue only; the gold standard, with sil
ver as subsidiary coinage; the divorcement of
the Government from the banking business
with t safe and elastic currency under govern
mental supervision, "measured in volume by
the needs of business"; tne independence and
integrity of the Supreme Court; individual
freedom and right ot private contract, and the
enforcement of Federal law by the President.
No uncertain found comes from ludianapolis.
Clear, distinct and emphatic, its utterances
have penetrated every nook and corner of the
Republic.
The Chicago platform is precisely the oppo
site of these principles. The great principle of
"Tariff for revenue only" is denuded of Its
Democratic force by dropping the word "only."
thus leaving a wide margin for Republican
heresy to creep into this cardina.l tenet.
You and the public know the deadly thrusts
made in the Chicago platform at the Supreme
Court; at the President's power to suppress riot
affecting Federal property.
You know of the attack upon the public
credit and honor, on the present monetary
standard and of the threat of unlimited i'sue
of paper money by the Government It is
needless to specify the departures from the
Democratic doctrine contained in the Chicago
platform. The world knows them and is
amazed at them.
I will briefly, sir, sketch the steps that led up
to the attempt boldly made at Chicago to
degrade tne standard of value, repudiate
National obligations and strike at the right of
private contract. When the war ceased the
country was on a paper basis. Greenbacks
issued as a war measure were the standard of
value and medium of exchange.
They had run out of gold and sliver. They
were of doubtful constitutionality. In 1875
an act of Congress wes passed providing for
the resumption ol specie payment, the date
fixed in the act being the year 1879. To the
end that the paper issues should be called in
and canceled, bonds of the Government were
authorized to be sold and the proceeds applied
to their extinguishment. In 1873 the silver
dollar was dropped from the coinage. The
country had been practically on a gold mono
metallic basis from 1834, "by and through
Democratic statutes deliberately adopted to
accomplish that end. The greenbacks had
done what all inferior money will always do,
supplanted metallic money of all kinds, and
the act was only declaratory of what had been
done theretofore. It only confirmed or did
directly what the act of 1834 had done in
directly. The act of 1834 was passtd with the
full krowledge of the recognized rule that
the cheaper coin will drive out the dearer.
Gold was then the cheaper coin at the ratio
of 16 to 1. Silver was at a premium, but the
purpose of the Democratic Congress in pass
ing the act of 1834 was expressly avowed 10 be
u> place the United States on a gold basis as
best suited to the needs of an expanded and an
expanding commerce. This basis lasted until
the civil war broke out, necessitating the
issue of paper money.
The Republican party, to which is due all
praise for passing the act of 1875, grew weary
of well doing, Lecame alarmed at the clamor
over restricting the currency by retiring the
greenbacks, and iv 1878 adopted a law com
pelling their reissue when received into the
treasury. This last art. going still further iv
the direction of inflation, provided for tlie
purchase of silver bullion and the coinage per
month of not less than 2.000.000 of aiWer
dollars of full legal tender.
Again, in 1890 there was a further yielding
of the dominant Republican party to the dt
mand of the silver-mine owners and inflation
ists in the passage of the Sherman act provid
ing for the monthly purchase of 4,500 000
ounces ot silver. Under the operation of tnese
acts silver waa coined and certificates issued to
'he extent of nearly $600,000,000. This con
tinued swelling of the volume of silver and
paper money precipitated thelinancial panicof
1893. The .Nation became alarmed lest its
power to carry paper issues of greenbacks,
treasury notes and depreciated silver money
aggregating over $900,000,000, should fail.
The war on the standard of value opened
with the bill to repeal the purchasing clause
of the Sherman -act. It wan but a skirmish,
the silver forces making a show of resistance
by occasional sorties and boldly challenging
the sound-money men to battle at the polls
The battle is now on us, and we must meet it
like honest men and patriots.
The nominee of the Chlcaeo platform pro
pounds that the free coinage in the United
States alone of. 6llver at the ratio of 16 to 1
with gold will take away from gold "just so
much of its purchasing power as was added to
1! ,">' tlie demonetization of silver by the
United States." He further says: "We con
tend that free and unlimited coinage by the
United States alone will raise the bullion value
of sliver to its coinage value and thus make
siU'er buIUDD worth $1 29 per ounce through
out the world." We have here two proposi
tions whicfc together form the keystone of tho
bimetallic arcu. Take away from gold in the
United States just so much 01 its purchasing
power as was added to it by the demonetiza
tion of silver and still the Utopia is not real
ized. With silver worth $1 29 per ounce
throughout the world, aud With gold lowered
in the United States alone, bimetallism is fur
ther off than ever.
As the enhanced value "given to gold by
legislation for the last twenty-three years"
fill exists in Europe, aud will beyond all
question continue to exist, the mighty Ne
braskan creator and destroyer of values pro-
Doses to give us a 50-cent gold dollar in
America for a 100-cent gold dollar in London,
he does not extend gold depreciation beyond
the United States, trot, strangely philan
thropic, gives to silver throughout 'the world
the gold value of $1 29 per ounce. What a
singular medley.
There is a line in Pope that might assist to
describe the scheme: "What mighty contests
rise from trivial things." Aud we can ex
claim: "What trivial results from mignty
causes spring."
Is it possible our gold is to be debased and
silver take its place merely to satisfy a theory
shown by its author to be false? Silver, ac
cording to Bryan, is to be kept at $1. 29 per
ounce in gold throughout the world. This
makes it precisely equal to the present gold
dollar." This standard is as wicked as the de
tested gold standard. It is exactly its coun
terpart. As Mr. Bryan makes no claim to a
world-wide halving of gold, and confines the
power of the legislative fiat to this country, he
gives us a 200-cent silver dollar and 100-c nt
gold dollar by his process of lowering United
States gold by half and raising the world's sil
to if 1 29 per ounce measured in the world's
gold > price. Here Is another picnic for the
Rothschilds, the syndicates and the crowned
heads of Europe. They will "corner" silver
as easily as gold, since their machinations are
rendered easy in the United Slates by this de
monetizing of gold for them to begin with.
But the British and European powers and
conspirators may have a few battered remnants
of conscience. They may object. ■ They may
put in motion tbe legislative flat of their coun
tries which more than equals in potency trie
legislative fiat of the United States. In "order
to protect themselves from a 200-cent silver
dollar they might fulminate thus: "We ordain
and establish that hereafter a gold dollar shall
be legal tender at 100 cents and a silver dollar
at 50 cents." »
Then let opposing jurisdiction clash. Then
would values rise and fall with the appearance
or disappearance of the British lion or the
American eagle. When the old Titanic battles
of the gods upon Olympus were fierce enough
to shake toe earth how fearfully would the
war of Giant Fiat against Giant Fiat convulse
and rend it. \
Of course, Mr. Bryan knows that gold will
take flight to countries where legislation adds
to its value, and our devoted country will be
turned over to the silver standard, which will
be as oppressive, as crushing, as grinding as
tbe gold standard ever was alleged to be. Sil
ver monometallism will reign supreme. The
mine-owner will rejoice, but the poor people
will rind their dreams rudely broken and
their idolatry of the silver goddess suddenly
disturbed. The Mexican people, the Chinese
coolie, the ranch-roof Argentina will rejoice
in the possession of a silver dollar of double
its present purchasing power. Everywhere
throughout the globe will be the apotheosis of
Bryan, the alchemist, who, disregarding the
claim of his own people for his benefactions,
scatters his gifts to the silver universe.
Further on Mr. Bryan says: "A dollar which
increases in purchasing power is as dishonest
as a dollar which decreases in purchasing
power." He means to say by this high-sound
tig expression that both an appreciated and a
depreciated dollar are dishonest, but he has
pushed his silver dollar to the high apprecia
tion of gold. The different stages of wicked
ness have been passed; the culminating point
has been reached when silver is raised to the
bad eminence" of a gold dollar. At one bound
he has leaped over all minor evils and reached
the throne where "silver, exalted, Bits su
preme" in its baneful excellence and power.
And as gold is always appreciating, according
to the new dispensation, so is silver to be al
ways appreciating, and Mr. Bryan stands forth
the upholder of the standard of the Roth
schilds and money-changers, "who grind the
faces of the poor."
1 will not notice the impassioned appeals
made by Mr. Bryan to inflame the poor against
the rich. Whenever a Presidential candidate
can stoop to the arts of the demagogue, the
cause which he advocates must be poor in
deed. He gives no reason and produces no
proof for the bold position he takes, but makes
up in assertion what Le lacks In reason or
proof.
It is assumed that prices have depreciated
and that the cause of the depreciation is the
appreciation of gold. Prices have not de
preciated abnormally. The decline in the
prices of all commodities from 1873 to 1891,
as found by the authentic report of the Senate
Finance Committee, was only 7.8 per cent
from the basic line of 100 taken from the
prices of 1800, the prices during the inflated
period being carefully reduced to a gold basis.
According to that report food products and
lumber advanced and the prices of clothing,
fuel, metals, drugs and chemicals ana house
hold goods declined. The rise and fall was not
regular, but seesawing; the markets were af
fected by supply and demand.
There have been some 8000 patents since
1573 introducing improved methods of pro
duction and manufacture in all branches of
industry. Any one can see at a glance that
new and improved - methods have brought
about lower prices by reason of diminished
cost of production. The trend of civilization
is toward lower prices, especially for the prime
necessities of life. The decline in the rates of
transportation has more than kept pace with
the lessening cost of production and manu
facture, and the human race to-day, with a
gold standard elevated over the industrial
field, is better educated, better fed and clothed
and housed than In all its history.
Labor has demanded and received more and
better wages, and has become more and more
efficient in every department of industry, and
nowhere under God's heaven has labor pros
pered more and fared better than in this
land where gold measures all of earthly
But gold has not appreciated. The demand
has been fully met, and more than met. by
the supply. In 1894 the gold supply of the
worid was $179,000,000. In the period of the
greatest gold production in the world in tbe
past, from 1851 to 1800. there was produced
$260,590,000. In the four years from and in
cluding 1891 to 1894 $041,737,700 was pro
duced. More than twice as much in the lour
years as in the ten years and including 1851
to 1800. Gold depreciated then, and there is
no good reason to show that it has not depre
ciated of late years. Besides, the increase of
I silver since 1873 has been abnormal. In the
j first sixty years of this country the annual
production never exceeded 29,000,000 ounces.
After this period the output was increased by
bounds, reaching in 1874 55,000.000 ounces.
Between 1881 and 1885 the production was
93,003,914 ounces, and in 1886 reached
93.297,290 ounces, which wag an increase of
400 per cent over the average of each of the
four years preceding. In 1889 the production
rose to 108.827,604 ounces. In 1894 it reached
166,601,995 ounces. Can any one doubt that
this enormous Increase of production, with
possibilities of unlimited supply, together
with a lessened and lessening demand, drove
silver down below the level of all other com
modities? Here is a scope lor the application
of the law of supply and demand which Mr
Bryan is so fond of quoting. He says legisla
tion placed an artificial demand on gold and
destroyed the natural demand for silver. He
is mistaken. Commerce has outgrown silver
as a measure of value; even as a medium of
exchange it has been supplanted by many
substitutes, by credit instruments affecting
prices and transferring values to the same ex
tent as any coin disk.
The demand, the desire to possess, coupled
with ability to acquire, has gone from silver
The world's need is gold. Commerce demands
it as possessing most, value in less bulk and less
variable and fluctuating, and before the laws
of commerce the eloquent appeals of the Ne
braskan are impotent and powerless.
Sir, at the risk of trespassing upon your
patience and that of this audience, I venture
to assert certain fundamental truths accepted
by ail the deepest thinkers and most illustrious
political economists of this and former times
Standard money, being a device to effect ex
changes and measure values, must be worth as
much as the commodity it exchanges for. It
must have, as near as It may be reached un.
varying value, and must have universal pur
chasing power. The value of the money metal
is in the bullion, and not in tbe mintage. This
value springs from demand and supply and
the estimate placed upon it by the vast throng I
of exchangers and traffickers who swarm iv
the market-places of the world. •
Yes, sir, they are found wherever men dwell
and offer what they have for what their breth
ren have. When two meet to exchange- their
commodities: their respective > minds are en
gaged in estimating the qualities of the thing
they desire to have ana of the thing with
which they wish to part. They compare, they
examine, they decide. This is a mental pro
cess. - It is wholly subjective, independent and
voluntary. It is beyond the power of arbi
trary statute, beyond the power of king or
Congress. • That power cannot destroy this
operation of the human mind in attempting to
impair the value of one commodity or to en
hauce that of the other. Hence the assertion
that the act of 1873 destroyed the value of
silver is . an economic solecism. Commerce,
founded on volition and estimation, issues its
hat and before it the language of statutes fail
paralyzed and crushed. No nation has ever
been led; by government in defiance of com
merce, to adopt a measure of yaiue and a me
dium of exchange. • - .
Different commodities suit the differences of
civilization and trade, and while silver may
answer the needs of an effete and nascent civ
ilization, it would not answer the needs of
the most progressive and most energetic race
on the globe— the American -of to-day. The
people of the United States have voluntarily
and intelligently adopted the gold standard
and they will not submit to the dictation of
the Chicago platform.
Which of you by taking thought can add one
cubit to -. tils stature? was asked by the
saviors two thousand years ago. Which of the
nations of the earth can by legislative thought
add one centime to Upvalue of one commod
ity more than the brains - and the estimates of
s£?n «, SJTf to it? The awful calamities to
Ih ?.Ln*£\V Zens of m * country when the
1™ In. ( bl l lions of lrust funds and savings
film v V wo i -£ en the ■ Nation'!- trade is
demoralized and disordered and the Nation's
tw £ BUlhe ,n' no man can predict." I: •"
«v« Ma kJn-H! to far-reaching and destruc
i, hU^nrf *' but th « extent of the disaster
f?rmS?i £■ oniec L ure ' Bir.into your hands I
wJJJLh } 7 plac . e the standard of our party.
waved over Jefferson and Jackson and cieve-
I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
land, and it now waves over a distinguished
patriot, who in peace and in war has sienal
ized his devotion to his country. Never Defore
was the patricidal hand of tiie Democratic
party raised against the author of its exist
ence—the constitution. Never before was its
suicidal hand raised against its own existence.
When we plead for the constitution we are
called traitors. When we strike down the
felonious hand raised to destroy our parti- we
are called bolters.
With a firm resolve to do our duty by our
country and by our party; with a reliance on
the sober second thought on the part of our
infatuated brethren and on the vindication
that honest purpose and sound judgment al
ways secure from a wakened reason, we re
pudiate the Chicago platform as un-American
and un-Demooratic, und hoist the flag of true
Democracy, that will never be lowered so long
as there are patriotic hearts to revere it and
patriotic hands to maintain it.
We all know that your exalted patriotism
places country before party, and that the as
saults on the constitution of our country by
the Chicago platform will be resisted with the
same courage which you displayed on many a
bloody field i«i its defense.
We know tbat your devotion to your party
is only surpassed by your love for your coun
try, and that the flag of Democracy which you
uniurl will ever be seen in the forefront of the
battle wherever its foes assail or its betrayers
soil it.
And, sir, your hands will be held up in your
noble figiit for the constitution and Democ
racy by the soldiers who wore the gray. Their
patriotism is aroused by the blending of the
colors, the blue and the gray meet and melt
into colors of promise, where every tint is an
inspiration and every hue a call to duty, and
Democracy and the country rejoice that a sol
dier of the Union and a soldier of the Confed
eracy unite in peace to defend their common
country, its noble constitution and the great
party which has upheld both since the founda
tion of tbe Republic.
Toward tbe end of his speech Senator
Caffery turned around and faced General
Palmer. As be did so the latter arose
and listened intently with hands folded
to Senator Caffery's closing words. Then
the band played "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner."
Mr. Bynum said General Palmer needed
no introduction, and the audience yelled
itself boat se again. General Palmer men
proceeded to read his speech. His voice
was very strong and could be heard very
plainly "by the crowds in the park next
door and out on the street. Senator Pal
mer said:
Mr. Chairrann and Gentlemen: You give m«
official information that delegates, represent
ing the National Democracy of forty-one
States, lately assembled in convention, in the
city of ludianapolis, honorea me by desig
nating me the National Democratic candidate
for the Presidency, and that the convention
associated with me in the formal temporary
leadership of that great historic party of the
United States an eminent citizen of Kentucky,
a citizen distinguished in arms and as the
patriotic chief magistrate of his aud my own
native commonwealth.
General Buckner and I were once, in a
modest sense, representatives of opposing
opinions upon fundamental questions relat
ing to the powers of the United States and of
the respective States under the constitution.
We met on the battlefield— where great public
controversies that admit of no other method
of solution are determined. I know ne did his
duty, and I trust tho country believes that I
did mine.
The nominations made by the National
Democratic Convention at Indianapolis prove
more conclusively than anything which has
occurred within the last thirty years that the
American people are again united; that our
hopes, our rights, our duties are the same.
The loity and patriotic mission of the Na
tional Democracy is to maintain peace and or
der, defend constitutional liberty regulated
by juat and equal laws, and if possible avert
frdin the couutry repudiation, bankruptcy and
National dishonor. I accept the unsought
honor and responsibility imposed upon me by
the National Democratic Convention. I ac
cept them as proof that my Democratic fellow
citizens confide in my devotion to Democratic
principles so c:early and accurately defined in
the convention proceedings. It was known to
the delegates to the convention before this |
honor was conferred upon me, and is well un
derstood by the country, that my public
services commenced more than fifty years ago,
and that since that time I have taken an
active, earnest part in the discussion and set
tlement of every public question which had at
the time sufficient importance to attract pop
ular attention.
My opinions and my public acts have been |
an open book, to be read by my contem- I
poraries. I have been at all times controlled I
by my own convictions of duty, and I have j
now no one whom I can properly invite to
share my responsibilities. Taught by Jeffer
son, I opposed slavery when it existed. In
spired by Jackson, I defended the Union of the
States to the extent of my ability, and influ- •
enced by his example, when my Conduct as a
military officer was challenged as violatlve of
law, I voluntarily submitted myself to the
jurisdiction of the civil courts.
Wnen Governor of my adopted State, while I
opposed and by peaceful means successfully
resisted the interference of the United States
by its military forces in the purely local coq
cerns of the State, I distinctly conceded the
1 1: 1 lit and asserted the duty of that Govern
ment to enforce withlu the States or elsewhere
its own laws by its own agencies.
The matters to which I have adverted are
but reminiscences— they relate and belong to
the past. Our duties us lovers of our country
are present, and we must meet and deal with
existing conditions, and to these the late
National Democratic Convention addrcsKcd
itself. Its platform asserts truths which can j
be demonstrated, and it correctly defines
Democratic principles. It asserts that "the
Democratic party i.s uledged to equal and exact I
justice to ah men of every creed and condi- i
lion; to the largest freedom of the individual, |
consistent with good government; to the
preservation of the Federal Government in its i
constitutional vigor, and to the support ol the ■
States in all their just rights; to economy in '
the public expenditures; aud it is opposed to
paternalism in all class legislation." Itaiso
asserts that "the declarations of the Chicago
convention attack individual freedom, the
right of private contract, the independence of j
the judiciary and the authority of the Prt-si- |
dent to enforce Federal laws.
"They advocate a reckless attempt to Increase ■
the price of silver by legislation, to the debase- j
ment of our monetary standard, and threaten 1
unlimited issues of paper money by the Gov- I
ernment. They abandon for Republican al- j
lies the Democratic cause of tariff reform, to
court the favor of protectionists to their fiscal
heresy."
It then asserts, with earnestness and in
terms which will not satisfy those who assert
it, to be "the duty of a Democrat to first vote
the ticket and then read the platform," "thnt
in view of these and other grave departures
from Democratic principles, we canuot sup
port the candidates of that convention uorbc
bound by its acts."
The convention held in Indianapolis then
declares, with force and exactness, "the Demo
cratic doctrines with respect to taxation,
whether by tariff, excises or by direct imposi- |
tion, and asserts that none of these can be
rightfully imposed except for public purposes
aud not for private gain, and reaffirms the
historic: Democratic doctrine of a 'tariff for
revenue only." It is then asserted by the con
vention in its declaration of principles that
"the experience of mankind has shown that,
by reason of their natural qualities, gold is the
necessary money of the large affairs of com
merce and business, while silver is con
veniently adapted to minor transactions, and
the most beneficial use of both together can be
insured only by the adoption of the former as
a standard of monetary measure and the
maintenance of silver at a parity with gold by
its limited coinage under safeguards of law.
"Thus the largest possible enjoyment of both
metals is gained, with a value universally ac
cepted throughout the world, which consti
tutes the only practical bimetallic currency,
assuring the most stable standard, aud espe
cially the best and safest money for all who
earn their livelihood by labor or the produce
of husbandry. They cannot Buffer when paid
in the best money known to man, but are tho
peculiar and most defenseless victims of a de
based and fluctuating currency, which offers
continual profits to the money-changer at
their cost."
Realizing those truths, demonstrated by
long public inconvenience and loss, the Demo
cratic party, in the Interests of mankind and
equal justice to all, practically established by
the legislation of 1834 and 1853 the gold
standard of monetary measurement and like
wise flivorced the Government from banking
and currency issue.
To this long-established Democratic policy
we adnere, and insist upon the maintenance
of the gold standard and of the parity there-!
with of every dollar issued by the Government,
and are firmly opposed to the free and un
limited coinage of silver and to the compulsory
purchase of silver bullion. This language is
but a reiteration of the terse demand of the
Democratic platform of 1892, that "every
dollar coined or issued by the Government
shall have equal power in the market and in
the payment of debts." Tbe convention which
assembled in Chicago in July of the present
year, in demanding the unlimited coinage of
silver dollars on the ratio of 412J* grains of
standard silver to 25 8-10 grains of standard
gold, with full legal tender quality for all
debts and dues, public and private, offer to
the country a scheme from which evtry voter
may expect whatever advantage to the coun
try or ihmself his reason or even his imagina
tion can suggest.
The advocates of the unlimited coinage of
full legal tender nilver do not auree as to what
will be tne consequence of the adop.ion by the
United States of their favorite measure The
more intelligent know that it is impossible by
law to give the silver bullion or silver coin a
local value in the United States; and. there
fore, Mr. Bryan, who must be regarded as the
official interpreter of the free silver dogma
asserts his belief that the unlimited coinage of
legal tender silver by the United Btates alone
would increase the value oi silver bullion,
1
which is to-day 67 cents per ounce, to $1 29,
and tie asserts his belief that under unlimited
coinage the silver dollar, containing 412%
grains of standard silver, coined by the
authority of the United States would be of
equal acceptability and value with the dollar
containing 25.8 grains of standard gold in all
i the markets of the world. . . -:■.'■'■
It is something that this opinion has no sup
port in the .experience of mankind. ■ It is
enough for present purposes to say it has no
foundation other than the confident assertions
of those who share in that belief. No party in
the country ever undertook so much as do the
advocates of the unlimited coinage of silver.
They do not only undertake to maintain com
mercial purity in value of about 434,502.041
silver dollar*, already coined by the United
States under the authority ot the acts of the
28thof February. 1878, and of July 14, 1890,
and of all the silver dollars that hereatter may
be coined, but they assume the task of ad
vancing the value of the silver coinage of all
the nations of the world to an equal accept
ability and value with coins of gold. If the
expectations of such of tbe advocates of free
coinage of silver are realised it would be
difficult upon their own premises to perceive
what would be gained by those who expect
cheap money.
Accepting their claim that under free coin
age the dollar of silver would become of equal
aceptability and value and equal power in
the markets and in the payment of debts
throughout the civilized world, the silver
dollar would then be as difficult to procure as
the dollar of gold is now. They complain now
that the dollar of gold has too much purchas
ing power and is too difficult to obtain.
But the real expectation of the great body of
supporters of the free coinage of silver, and
one much more in harmony with the ex
perience of mankind, is that the unlimited
coinage of silver would give to the country a
depreciated and cheaper dollar, which would
enhance nominal values and be used in the
payment oi debts, but would be attended and
followed by the ruin of all industries, the de
struction- of public and private credit and
irreparable mischiefs. . '
Our platform commits us to the maintenance
of the Democratic faith. Many of our associ
ates, deluded by deceptive sophistries, . are
supporting a' coalition which disavows the
traditional faith of the Democratic party. The
best we can hope for them is that they may be
defeated, and when defeated they may return
to the safe paths that they have heretofore
trodden.
When Senator Palmer had concluded
and the applause had subsided, the audi
ence sang a versa of "Old Kentucky
Home." Senator Palmer was presented
with three "American Beauty" roses as
be took bis seat.
Colonel John R. Fellows of New York
was then brought forward and introduced
by Mr. Bvnum as the speaker to notify
General Buckner.
Colonel Fellows never showed his ora
torical powers to better advantage, and his
speech held the audience from beginning
to end. Colonel Fellows said : r
Mr. Chairman and General Buckner: The
National Democratic Convention which was
recently assembled at Indianapolis, placed you
in nomination for the office of Vlce-Presideut
of the United States [applause] and through
its appropriate committee conferred upon
me the high privilege of officially communi
cating to you tnat fact and requesting your
acceptance. This magnificent gathering in
your own State la the indorsement and fitting
supplement to the wisdom which guided us to
that action.
At the threshold of this debate, here in the
notification ceremonies and upon every stump
throughout this broad Republic, we shall de
clare that It was the only assemblage of De
mocracy in this land. [Prolonged applause.]
We will not deny that the convention which
assembled at Chicago had the rieht, if they
choose to exercise it, to declare Democratic
principles. We simply content ourselves with
asserting that they refused to perform their
duty which was in their power to perform.
[Applause.]
I invoKe the memories of the past for my
Democracy. It was ijot breathed first across
the plains of Nebraska. [Laughter.] It speaks
I to-night from the tomb at Monticello and the
grave at the Hermitage with as potent a voice
and should have as potential an Influence as
when these great founders and captains of our
faith spoke in visible tones.
The Chicago Convention took keen delight
in trampling under foot all the old precedents
which had governed party action. It perpe
trated fraud by denying sovereign States their
just representation in order ro secure the
necessary majority by which to accomplish
the nefarious purpose it had in view. [Ap
plause.] •
All of their preliminary work was revolu
tionary and did but betoken the dastardly
consummation that was finally reached. [Ap
plause. 1
Do you recall, sir, with what tender deli
cacy that Chicago convention touched the
question of tanli". [Laughter.] Way, they
were confronted with two possibilities.
First— That too strong a declaration of old
fashioned Democratic doctrines might alienate
some Republicans with free-silver tendencies
whom they hoped . to win to their standard.
But the greater fear they had was the appre
hension that somebody might publish here
after in deadly parallel columns the utterance
of their candidate upon the question of tariff,
when that was an issue, proclaiming tnat a
reduction of taxes was necessary. 10 reduce
the prices of commodities to consumers as
compared with his present declaration that we
must debase our currency In order to raise
prices to the normal standard. [Applause.] '
It might involve them in serious difficulties
as the canvass went on, and it was the better
way. and in that assemblage infinitely the
easier way, to discard the old doctrine en
tirely and supply its place with something
novel end refreshingly new to Democrats.
[Laughter.]
They found our business in a disordered
condition and they declared that the proper
way to make our business better was to make
the money in which we transact it Infinitely
worse. They proclaimed, as you before
eloquently stated, that the Federal power
had no right to follow its flag and secure for it
protection. The Democratic doctrine is pre
servation of the reserve powers and inherent
rights of. the States. They shall be
sacredly guarded alike against internal
riot and against Federal interference, but as
to Federal laws, as to those things that are
fashioned and controlled entirely, by the
States of the United States, we declare in an
tagonism to the declaration of the Chicago
convention that that flag has a right to go
wherever its statutes are written to see that
they are enforced. [Applause.]
They tell us you cannot win, and I reply you
shall be more than conquerors. [Applause.]
If success always- implies the srewgaws ana
trappings of power, if it 'implies the
possession of the emoluments and profits
which office brings, then indeed you may not
win; but if success comes, as success always
will come to him who battles for what he
knows to be right, regardless of consequences
and willing to die in the fight, if success
means the performance of duty which involves
self-sacrifice, the highest attribute and
characteristic of duty, itself; if that
is the true test of success, then you shall be
grandly triumphant In November. [Great ap
plause.] We are planting not alone for the
present, but to preserve our hope in the future.
[Applause.]
In closing Colonel Follows said:
When Constantino the Great led out his
mailed warriors to do battle for the Christian
faith it is said that heaven itself vouchsafed
the signal marks of ltd approval. In visions of
the night the soul of the great leader
was strengthened, and as the army drew
near Rome, out of the sky there gleamed the
cross, the symbol of our holy faith bearing
this Inscription, "In this sign we conquer,"
and the Christian warrior's army grew strong
in the strength-, of hope and faith as
sured, making his onset irresistible and his
conquest complete. A cause scarcely less
sacred beckons us to endeavor now. The pres
ervation oi the honor and the integrity of our
country, the keeping of its. name and honor
stainless in the face of the nations of
the world, the preservation unsullied and
unharmed of the priceless legacy of political
principle handed down to us from the illus
trious past — all this is committed to your
keeping. Take it. Take It. It is a banner
of Jefferson, the principle of Jefferson. Take
it. It has guided all your life. You
have fought the good fight, who down to the
end have kept the faith— you, under that sign,
are eternally and everlastingly victorious.
[Tremendous applause.]
At the last eloquent phrase of the mag
nificent oration there was a momentary
lull and then like a storm there burst forth
a spontaneous shout that shook the
foundations of the building.
1 The band chimed in with the strains of
'Dixie," but the music was drowned in
the enthusiasm that found its vent in
a constant roar of tremendous power. Not
a soul kept his seat. Hats were tossed
high in the / air, men wildly tossed
their arras and Indies from the boxes
waved their handkerchiefs and blended
their shriller voices with th« = deeper cries
01 the men. .It* was not the length of
the ovation that made the demonstration
notable, but its intensity was wonderful
and was not equaled by other demonstra
tions of the occasion. •
_ When quiet was secured again General
Buckner was introduced and after a rous
ing reception said in part:
Mr. Chairman,' Mr. Fellows: I cannot fit-
M g i y i, express my acknowledgments to you.
Mr. .bellows, for the very graceful and eloquent
terms in which you have announced to me the
action of the National Democracy. I know, air,
that a spirit actuated that convention at
indianapoplis which looked more to that gen
eral principle of Democracy, that spirit of
.Nationalism rather than any merit in me in
selecting its candidate. It was known that I had
been prominent on the border in advocating
the true principles of : Democracy, but not, Mr.
Chairman, for any merit in me, but be
cause of that spirit of Nationnlism which
always pervaded the Democratic party — that
feeling crystallized around us as an object to
be associated with this gallant chieftain in
blottin* out all past differences and sectional
ism. [Applause.]
I accept that position, Mr. Chairman, and
discharge that duty with as much willingness
as I ever discharged any on earth. [Applause.]
iO be associated with the movement which
blots out all sectional lines forever and makes
us one peoDle and one nationality. [Applause]
It is time that this ancient spirit of Democracy
should be revived.
We have had amongst us parties builded up
hereto/ore upon sectional hate; parties which
have advocuted special interests at the ex
pense of all other interests. We have had that
Republican party, ruling and controlling the
destinies of this country, built up upon hatred
and antagonism to nearly one-half of the
country.
But now, at the very mom fiitthat that part
has announced that it will cease the conten
tion of one section against another— that nere
after it will be a National party— there springs
up again and among us another party pro
fessedly built upon section' li>in.
And what Is that party? The delegates to
that convention were appointed, it is true,
under the regular authority of Democratic or
ganization, but when the primary convention
met to choose delegates to the State Conven
tion nearly every primary meeting began their
proceedings by reaffirming the uniform prin
ciples of the Democratic party.
The delegates which they sent to their
State convention were therefore bound by
the instructions they received to ad
here to the principles of Democ
racy. When tne State convention
met, almost without exception it, too,
reaffirmed the fundamental principles of the
Democratic party and sent their delegates to
Chicago bound in honor and every political
duty to adhere to the principles of the Demo
cratic party.
Did they do.it? You have been told by the
Ren Uemen who have preceded me how they
violated their instructions. These gentlemen
at Chicago claim that they were regular.
Benedict Arnold was regular in his proceed
ings. [Applause.]
Washington and his associates refused to
follow such regular proceedings. [Applause.]
And yet according to the cry of our friend*
at Chicago, Washington and the patriots of
the Revolution were bolters of the
regular proceedings and in the sama
sense are we bolters, refusing to follow the
leaders of this treachery, adhering as of old to
the true principles of Democracy. The con
vention which met at Chicago was not Demo
cratic.
Democratic faith is that the United States
Government is supreme within the limits of
the authority they have received from the
States and from the people; that It has a right
to go wherever that flag goes and it is its duty
to enforce the laws of the laud in accordance
with the powers conferred on it; yet the Chi
cago convention wonld wipe virtually
out of existence thnt Supreme Court
which Interprets the law, forgetting
that our ancestors in- England com
bated for hundreds of years to obtaiu
. a tribunal of justice which vms tree
from executive control; tht-y would wipe
that out of existence and subject it to the !
control of party leuders to carry out the dic
tates of the party; they would paralyze the i
arm of the General Government and forbid
the powers to protect the lives and property of
its citizens.
That convention almost In terms placed a
lighted torch in the hands of the Incendiary
and urged the mob to proceed without re
straint to pillage aud murder at their discre
tion. [Applause.]
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party can
never indorse such heresy. We advocate
the true Democratic platform which an
nounces still the old Democratic doctrine
which may be summarized in a single
sentence, the Jeffersoniau doctrine of equal
and exact justice to all and exclusive privi
leges to none. We insist that for every 100
cents' worth of work done by the laborer he
shall receive & doliar worth 100 cents.
We advocate the freest possible trade, and
we insist that the commerce of the world
shall be brousht to our ports in free ships un
taxed for the benefit of any special interest in
this country.
Mr. Fellows, I accept the task imposed upon
me by the National Democracy. It was un- I
sought by me and undesired further than as I
one who betieves he i> a patriot, is willing to!
devote the few remaining years of his life to j
the interest of his country.
Not cniy do 1 accupt "the charge imposed
upon me, but acknowledging the authority |
ot that great Democracy to place its members |
wherever It chooses. I obey their mandate j
and bear the flag which, through I
you, they have placed in my hauds
under our distinguished leader in '
that vast concourse of true Democrats ]
who follow his steps, knowing that in the >
future as in the past they lead only in the '
pathway of duty, honor of principle and of I
patriotism. [Great applause.]
There were a few scattering calls for dif- '
ferent speakers when General Backnerbad !
finished, but Chairman Bynum came for
ward and announced tbat the purpose of
the occasion had Deen accomplished, dis
misang the audience.
After being warmly congratulated by
those close to them on the stage the two
candidates and notification - speakers
entered carriages and were driven to their
respective hotels.
BOURKE COCKRAN TALKS.
Propounds Further Questions Re-
lating to Sound Money That
Bryan Cannot Answer.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 12.— There was a
big rally here to-night of the combined
opposition to William J. Bryan and freo
silver. Kon. W. Bourke Cockran of New
York delivered an eloquent and notable
nddresa at the Auditorium before nearly
6000 people under the auspices of the
American Honest Money League. The
only decoration in the magnificent theater
wan a great American flag draptd behind
the orator and Democratic statesman. Tne
audience belonged to the business class,
and the frequent outbursts of applause
which followed the rounded periods of
the speaker attested the thorough sym
pathy with the sentiments expressed.
There were so many applications for
tickets to the meeting that an overflow
one was held in Battery D, which was at
tended by 2000 people, who listened to ad
dresses by local advocates of gold. Mr.
Cockran was unable to address the second
meeting on account of failing voice.
Mr. Cockran, who was received with a
storm of cheers and applause and waving
of Handkerchiefs from the standing multi
tude, said in part :
We can have neither part nor act with a man
who prosecutes a campaign upon assertions
that are libels on the grandeur of our institu
tions and the patriotism of our citizens* on
the majesty of our Republic and on the virtue
and Intelligence of our people. I have fol
lowed all of his speeches since he left New
York, and I cannot discover of what he com
plains, unless It be that the crime of 1873 as
he calls it, has worked mischief lrreoarable to
the people of this country.
In my speech in Madison Square Garden I
propounded to Mr. Bryan a question of great
moment, but &■ yet I have received no answer
in Mr. Bryan's speeches which he has since
made. I made this statement then, that a de
basement of the currency would necessarily
work a reduction In the rate of wages paid to
labor. Mr. Bryan and bis Populist friends
never will answer the question as to the effect
of a debasement of the currency on the condi
tion of the workiugman, because they never
can.
Wages are fixed by a law tnat is as immut
able as the seasons. Wages depend on produc
tion, and nothing else. An iuiallible test of
prosperity Is the rate of wnges paid to labor,
and I will support any man who will r*ise the
rate of wages, no matter by what political
name. I believe in high wages, because they
mean general prosperity.
I confess I don't know what the crime of '73
was, and I have some suspicion that Mr. Brvan
does not. Tne question is not a change i a tile
standard of values to apply to future contracts I
that would not do much harm. It is a ques
tion of changing the standard of value ap
plicable to existing contracts which wouia
accomplish the robbery of the creditor class
The fraud which is being attempted will fall
with the heaviest hand on the laborer and
producer, who are always creditors.
Who has ever heard that money was scarce
wheD confidence abounded, when credit was
sound, and when men trusted in the honesty
of each other? The stock argument of Mr
Bryan and the Populists is the influence of
EngianoV on this country. This whole state
ment about England and English domination
of our monetary system If absurd.
I would not be afraid of this money power
which they tain so much about if I was able to
discover It. I would like to become a money
power myself. The only money power I have
seen Is where a pair of brawny hand-, were at
work making something useful for the family
of mankind. I never heard that England was
trembling because of fear that we would go to
a silver standard. If she is trembling it is
with merriment over the idea that her foreign
trade would be ruined by the United States
adopting the free coinage of silver when she
has accomplished the commercial contest of
the world by the use of better money.
Civilization is not riot and revolution and
hate; it is not war and conflict; it is mutual
co-operation and assistance; I*. is peace, con
fidence, honor, good will. 1 believe the Ameri
can people will decide this question in favor of
their own virtue _aa their own honesty.
ALL UNDER
ONE FLAG
[ Continued from first Page, \
ever the prosperity of this country i« blighted
tne railroads of the country are the first to feel
it. [Cries of "That's right."] If products are
not carried by railroad transportation there Is
no employment demanded for the operatives
on railroad lines.
Let us seek first to increase trade at home
and gradually so improve our merchant ma
rine as to give us greater advantages in the
commerce of the high seas. We will neglect
neither, but by a wise protective tariff and
reciprocity system increase both. [Great
cheering.]
Major McKinley spoks at some leneth
of the enormous development of railroads
in the United States during t be pass three
decades, their traffic, etc., and added:
All steadily advanced and kept full pace
with the increased prosperity of the country.
This is the system, this policy of protection,
the governmental policy, which we must
again restore in the United States of America.
[Cheers, and cries of "Hurrah for McKinley."]
Speaking of Pennsylvania, he said:
I observe that while it was enabled to em
ploy 873,000 operatives in 1893, it had but
749,000 at work in 1805. You know better
than I can tell you th.U it was a poor business
that caused this army of 1*24,000 men to be
no longer employed and that it was poor busi
ness that caused a reduction rather than an
advance of wages. [Cries of "That's right."]
The manufactories, the mines and the farms
were not runuing on full capacity and the rail
roads in consequence were not doing as much
or as profitable business as they ought to have
been doing. Which policy do you like the
best, the old or the new? [Loud cries of "We
want the Republican policy."] Decide this
question for yourselves aud then vote that
way. [Cries of "We'll vote all right."] Your
SDOkesman has made an excellent and able ar
gument against the free coinage of -silver as it
affects your business, and I need not attempt
to enlarge upon it. Free silver would Drove
equally as disastrous— aye, probably more dis
astrous—than free trade has nroven to the peo
ple of the United States. [Cries of "We have
had enough of that."
ALL LOYAL TO THE CAUSE.
The Hamilton Club Entertains JUr.
Hanna at a Dinner.
CHICAGO. 111. Sept. 12.— Three hun
dred and titty Republicans, most of whom
were members of the Hamilton Club of
Chicago, attended a luncheon which was
given to-day at McKinsley's by the club
in honor of Chairman Hanna. Fifty oth
ers were unable to be present for lack of
room. Short speeches were made by Pro
fessor Thomas McClelian of the Pacific
University, Portland, Or. ; George Kretz
inger, E. E. Burley and Murritt Starr of
Chicago.
Mr. Hanna made the principal address,
speaking to the point that the campaign
issue now laid down by Mr. Bryan was
Between patriotism, intelligence and love
for the law and ReDUblican government,
for which Major McKinley stood, and rev
olution, lawlessness and repudiation of
republican institutions and Federal Gov
ernment, for which Mr. Bryan was now
speaking.
Congressman Belknap of Chicago, Ed
ward F. Brown, sub-treasurer of the Na
tional Committee, Chairman Hatch of the
Illinois Committee and Executive Com
mitteman Dawes were also guests.
There is a growing demand at head
quarters in every direction for tariff liter
ature now, the tone of the letters received
at headquarters being that there has been
a surfeit of currency arguments.
Secretary A. B. White of the West Vir
ginia Committee reports the Republican
prospects brightening in his State and the
demand for literature and speeches in
creasing every day. Trainmen and other
employes of the Santa Fe Railroad system
between Emporia, Kans., and Chicago
will go to Canton next Friday night to pay
their respects to Major MrfKinley as mem
ber? of the McKinley club organized on
that road. They will start from Emporia
and stop at all stations on the way to Chi
cago to pick up any club members who
want to join the party. Ninety per cent I
of the Santa Fe Railroad men are said to {
be for McKinley and all charges of coer- j
cion are vigorously denied.
Congressman Fowler of New Jersey, who
has been speaking in Wisconsin, called at
headquarters and predicted 50,000 major- I
lty in that fctate for McKinley. Herr
Theodore Barth of Berlin, a member of
the Reichstag, who is in this country to
study the Presidential campaign, called at
headquarters and talked with Mr. Hanna.
lit will go to Canton next week to see
Major McKinley by appointment. Hon.
Charles A. Foster of Ohio, ex-Secretary ot
the Treasury, will make several speeches
in Missouri in response to Chairman Fil
ley's request. He may also speak In Kan
sas and Nebraska, many calls for his ser
vices naving been received.
FUSION IN COLORADO.
Ticket Put Up by the Democrats and
Silver Republican:
DENVER, Colo Sept. 12.— fusion
ticket of Democrats and silver Repub
licans as prepared by the conference in- !
dorses the Democratic electors for Bryan
and wall and John S. Shafroth for Con
gressman in the First and John C. Bell in
the Second district.
The State ticket is: Alva Adams, Gov- I
ernor; Sol Guggenheim, Lieutenant-Gov
ernor; Charles H. hippie. Secretary i
of State; George W. Kepaart, Treasurer-
J. W. Lowell, Auditor; B. L. Carr, Attor
ney-General; Miss Grace Patton, Superin
tendent of Public Instruction ; J. Pfeiffer
and W. J. Orange, Regents of the State
University. The Governor, Secretary and
Superintendent of Public Instruction are !
Democratic nominees.
The Silver-Populist ticket is: Governor '
M. S. Bailey; Lieutenant-Governor, b!
Clark Wheeler; Secretary of State, Scott
Lee; Auditor George Seaver; Treasurer
H. G. Clark; Attorney. General, N. C Mil
ler; Superintendent of Public Instruction
fc-.;Wv? esent ', o{ , the University;
Miss Ada McElroy and John M. Cocnrah
'-. ♦- '
A Deal in Mistotiri.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Sept. 12—Fusion be
tween tbe Democrats and Populists of
Missouri on the electoral ticket was ac
complished to-day at a called meeting of
the Populist State Committee. Chairman
B
uild
Up the system now with a few bottles of
Hood s barsaparilia and thus avoid that
run-down condition which invites pneu-
monia and fevers.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the best-in fact the One True Blood Purifier :
HOOd'S PHIS %™ Aifd^gi^ I
Cook submitted the proposition of the
Democrats for fusion. This gives the
Populists one elector at large and three
district electors on the Democratic ticket.
In return the Populists will support Demo
cratic elertors for the remainder of the
places. The Populist Committee accepted
this proposition by a vote of 11 to 6.
CARSON ■IXHICTMJ2STS.
. ._
Mirnvy Jtrjalcationg
CARSON, Nev., Sept 12.— The Ormsby
County Grand Jury to-day reported to
Judge Mack rive indictments against
Harry K. Brown, the absconding bank
clerk. They charge Brown with embezzle
ment by three methods, as follows; First,
it is charged that he naid creditors in Sari
Francisco by cheek, issuing the same for
several hundred dollars, while ou the stub
they appeared for $4 and other small
amounts; also, that ne made collections
in the State in the name of the bank lor
otner persons and pocketed the money;
and, lastly, that he toot cash from the
bank. The total amounts to $66,200.
The Judge at once issued a bench war
rant, which was placed in the hands of
the Sheriff.
\ «,
WEDDED AT MONTECITO.
Benjamin li. Hityne Lead* Miss Letitia
I'ong* to the A liar.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 12.-
Benjamin S. Hayne of Montecito was
this morning united in marriage to Miss
L«etitia Yonge of the same place. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. Mr.
O'Brien of the Episcopal church. The
i>roop\ is a young man well Known in San
Francisco as well as Santa Barbara soci
ety, the aon of W. Alston Hayne and a
brother of Judge Robert Havne of San
Francisco. The marriage was very in
formal and a surprise to friends, as no en
gagement had been announced.
NAN RAFAEL BICYCLE PARADE.
Decorated and Jllnminated Wheel* in. a
Long Procession.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 12.—
long-talKed-of bicycle parade took place
to-night and was accorded all the success
anticipated for it. A large number of
wheels were in line. Some exceedingly
j unique and beautiful illuminations were
seen in the parade. The streets were
crowded with onlookers, a large portion of
whom were visitors from other points. A
banquet in honor of the visiting clubs, at
the rooms of the San Rafael Athletic and
Cycling CJub, followed the parade.
San lUetio Tax Sate.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Coun
ty Supervisors to-day fixed the tax rate at
SI 70 in the eity^nd $1 80 outside.
NEW TO-DAY.
MAKE A
NEW MAN
OF YOU.
MEN SUFFERING FROM EXCESSES AND
dissipations or men with jaded brains and
nerves restored to health and the enjoyment ol
life by
DR. BROWN-SEQUARD'S
VITALIZING TABLETS.
Vital forces renewed. A quick and certain cure
for nervous debility, lack of energy, premature
weakness, loss of memory, lost power*, sleeples*-
ne s, fear of failure, desire 10 be alone, gloomy and
I sad feelings and weaknesses peculiar to men.
j $1 50 boxes, $1; 3 for $•-' 50 by mall postpaid.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS.
j ROOT'S CUT RATE DRUG STORE,
Sixth and H-^-ard Scree s.
Our 88-page cut-rate prieo Us on Drum, Patent
MealMnes, Rubber Gooas and Toilet Articles, etc.,
sent free to any address.
MCKAY'S
CBinelow Axminsters $1,35
Imperial Velvets - - 1.00
A -.Lowell Body Brussels- — 1,10
Best Tapestry "Brussels — .15
Other Grades from. -- — .50
RAH fool Ingrain....... .55
Linolenms from .... — . .35
These prices are for v tha
P choice of our stock. All hew,
fresh goods for our Fall trade.
No trash.
. All prices to include sewing
and laying.
t We Have All Kinds of Furniture
At correspondingly low
T figures.
I WATCn OUR WISDOW FOR
PRICES
ALEX. .MAT & SOU,
715 Market Street.
COUGHS AND GOLDS
ELY'S I»JJKOtA BALSAM is a sur«R«n*
•dy for coughs, colds, sot* throat and for asthma,
MfS^fjil^MMf. jVrive btnetit from Us
jSgmfa*?Bf?t^n^|gL^milr consumption are only
jgjEf chronic cold or <!!*'!>•
IMVV^^^**'!^^^,' tarrhu Vat For catarrh
us« Elys Cream Banna. ±>oth remedies are pleastnl
to use. croam Balm, 60c per bottle; Pineol* Bal-
■am. »6c. Sold by Druggists.
SLY BBOTHEBs. 55 Warren St., New Ycrfc_
— —
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The t GRILL
W§m ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
: m UFIiN UMIL MIDMIUHT.
R3ff33 DR. DAIL'S REIJVIGORATOR
kjSFhkgg THIS SECRET KKMEDY stops
gBSI ££&} all losses in U4 hours. Kestore*
if -» - B Manhood, Enlarge* - Small Organs,
THIS SECRET KKMEDY stops
all losses in 24 hours. Restores
Manliood, Enlarge* Small Organs,
teiSM tS&A cures Emissions, Impotence, Varieo-
fSyfi Prm celo, Gonorrhoea, meet. Tits, stric-
lyjj LyiU tures, Blood Disease and all wastin?
F^l_liSil effects of -elf Abase or Kxoessei
BHbCBS Sent sealed, %2 per bottle. 1 iU.Kt.
BOTTLES, $5; guaranteed to cure nn>- case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL, I.\ 3T IT If 1 li.
855 Broadway t Oakland. CaU
AH private diseases QUicKiy cur«d. benA for
free book.- ■ • .
nniIAIIFA FOR BARBERS, BAR.
RRllt&lJSitfcfn, bootblacks, bath-
IMS Bl Cd» ÜBkm *5 houses, billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, c-nners,
dyers, flonrmills, foundries, • laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories) steal*
~«n, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
«, BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brash Manufacturer*.WARLIKE FLAMES
BLAZE IN ENGLAND
Salisbury's Eastern Policy
Is Backed Up by the
People.
MASSACRES MUST STOP.
Extraordinary Outbursts of Pub
lic Sentiment Throughout
the Country.
UNCLE SAM'S HELP IS COURTED
Preparing to Send a British Fleet
Through the Dardanelles to
Constantinop c.
LONDON, Erre., Bept. 12.— 1t is now an
open secret that we are on the eve of a
new and important development in tbe
Eastern question. Within the past few
days authoritative word has been passed
around among the Tory noblemen and
politicians that Armenia is "good busi
ness." The result is an extraordinary
outburst of Conservative sentiment of tbe
most violent anti-Turkish character. Lord
Glenesk's paper, the Morning Post, is sud
denly demanding a Guildhall meeting
with the Lord Mayor as chairman to de
nounce the Sultan, while the Tory
Standard declares that Abdul Hamid's
deposition has become inevitable. Lord
Bute is to preside at a great mass-meeting
called at Cardiff to demand British inter
vention and some of the most trusted
Tory organizers are busiest in the work of
arranging for ft huge London gathering
with the Dukes of Westminister and
Argyll and possibly the Duke of Norfolk
as the chief figures. It is so apparent that
this activity means business that Liberal
leaders like Asquith are hurrying forward
to put themselves in evidence as being in
favor of immediate and decisive British
action.
In all quarters the impression prevails
that something sensational h^.s been de
cided on. Wnat this something is no one
is in a position to say with any exactness.
Nothing is quite clear except the fact that
Lord Salisbury wants a powerful public
demonstration of England's eagerness to
back him up in a bold course, and tbat he
will get it with a rush. Public men who
took part in the great Bulgarian agitation
of twenty years ago say they now discern
siens of a far more impressive National
uprising than that one was. If Gladstone
could oe brought to London, after merely
showing himself to vast gatherings at
Liverpool, Manchester, Sheffield and Bir
mingham on the way, and would simply
stand tip for a minute or two before such
a throng as the metropolis would get to
gether, the whole island would thrill with
the impetus of a new crusade. Lord Salis
b:ir3 - would have notning to fear from
such a fleeting resurrection of the
"g. o. m., ?1 and I confess to the suspicion
tliat Mr. Balfour's recent visit to Ha
warden did not leave this possibility un
discussed.
At ali events, Englishmen of all parties
are preparing as big and striking a mani
festation of national feeling as has been
exhibited in our generation, and they are
doing this under a sufficient assurance
that the Prime Minister wants it. It is
not an accidental coincidence that nine
days hence, wht-n these popular demon
strations will be beginning to take hold of
the country to the exclusion of all else,
the young Czar will land in Scotland for a
fortnight's risit with the Queen. It is
flatly imposjib.e to discuss Armenian
horrors without at least inferentially at
tacking Russia as their main cause, aud it
19 doubtful if even the pr.sence of the
Czar will avail to secure polite reticence
on this subject. Wnat Le hears and reads
may make him angry, or it may inspire
him to discard, once and for all, Prince
L-ifaanofPs inhuman policy. In either case
the Czar will be leu in no doubt as to Eng
land's profound feeling on the subject, or
as to the eagerness of Ene.ishmen for a
chance to express that feeling in deeds.
It seems obvious tbat those in authority
here, those who have given the word to
have the fiery cross sent round, must be
counting on producing just this impres-
Bion on tbe mind of young Nicholas.
It is practically certain, I understand,
that there is to be a renewal of the dis
turbance at Constantinople, ana tne diplo
mats there suspect it to be Lord Salis
bury's intention, in that case, to denounce
the Dardanelles clause in the treaty of
Berlin, while a British fleet forces the
passage and anchors with Constantinople
and the Ziidig Palace itself under its gun<.
Tnis is perhaps a too exciting conjecture,
but it is what the embassadorial circle at
Etamboul imagines England is going
to do.
Even if England's action should be
much less summary and sweeping it must
be in the same direction and raise the
same questions. These questions, in sub
stance, combine into the single problem,
'•What will the other powers do?" Eng
lishmen are lashing themselves into a
state of feeling in which they will not care
what the other powers do; bnt this is not
the spirit in which foreign offices operate,
and since Lord Salisbury manifestly de
sires to be pushed into action it is pre
sumable that he has made sure this will
not involve England in an enterprise too
biz for her strength.
There is a sort of wondering hope latent
all through England that the United
States wili anpenr as Great Britain's ally
in -tbe Levant when the definitive mo
ment arrives. Englishmen hardiy dare to
formulate this longing, for the thin* seems
too halcyon to be possible, but if the hope
could be realized this little island would
«>hafce with joy. To join forces with the
greater English-speaking race across the
Atlantic in such a holy cause as this
woald be the highest happiness this coun
try couid conceive. That such acombi-j
nation is feasible no one can say. Even if j
it were formed the possibility that it could
breaK down the cruel league of the Em
perors and free the Christains of the <
Levant without having battle forced upon
the allies is a matter of doubt. But Eng
land, at least, would risk everything she
--es in such a venture if she could
have America as a comrade.
Although the official press in Germany
and Au-tria continues implacable, it is
evident that public opinion, especially in
Germany, 1* at Jast being stirred a good
deal by tbe Armenian tragedv-. As usual,
:• la Bam bur* that leads the way with a
b:g public meeting and the organization
ot an Armenian relief fund, and it is very
si-n:ricant to find in the list of leading
promoters of this movement the names of
Blmost all those eminent and public
spirited Hebrews of whose splendid
thropy in *.he cause of their own
sufferine people flyine from llussia 1 saw
so mncu in 1891. Tnere exist historic
reasons why Jews should tfUtllß Arme
nians, and there are many practical argu
ments against exciting Turkish hostility
to the Jewisb peopie scattered throughout
tie Ottoman empire, but these considera
tions do not weigh with the chief men of !
Hamburg, at all events, or with liberal I
German papers like the Frankfurter Zei- I
tung and the Berlin Vos-ic:ie. Indeed,
both in the two German empires and in
France, it may be said that such sympathy
a? exists for the Armenians is almost
wholly created by what Edward Drumont
calls the "Semitic press."
The Norwegians in London are getting
letters trorn home telling of a remarkable
new outburst there of "hostility toward
King Oscar. There was great ra^e a while
ago when he knocked off the hat of a
peasant standing near him 3t a railway
station, and the Norwegian radical papers
in di"cussiiijj the affair very frankly im
puted intoxication to his Majesty. Now,
it seems, the King took umbraje at the
national character given to the reception
of Dr. Nansen at Christiania, and in which
Oscar bore an unconscious part. It was
quite natural that on sucii an occasion
there should be a good deal of patriotic
effervescence, and equally so that when
the reports reached Sweden they should
evoke angry comments from the Swedish
pres«. These two nations have been
wrangling 30 long that there is nothing
new in this. What really is new is the
fact that the King arranged to be inter
viewed by two Berlin journalists and gave
them a long and violent tirade against
the Norwegian people in general and Dr.
Nansen in particular.
He is described as trembling with pas
sion as he spoke, and certainly the ac
counts of his remarks given by those who
beard them contain denunciations and
threats of an extraordinary character.
The King intends to quit Curistiania at
once, though his accustomed term of
residence there is not nearly ended, and
apparently he will leave his Norwegian
subjects in almost as great a state 01" ex
citement as he is in himself.
A carious conflict has arisen between
the Berlin Municipal Council, which i« au
i advanced radical body, and tne Prussian
i Evangelical Consistory, and the trouble
' is likely to develop into a right between
I the Kaiser and his capital. Under Wil
-1 haras direct influence there has lately
been a tremendous spurt of activity in the
buiidmeoi new churches all over Berlin,'
and in numerous speeches the Kaiser has !
lauded this work and declared that noth- j
j ing else could gratify him so much. The!
i Municipal Council made it- disapproba- j
I tion manifest, but the church astnorities I
'■ produced an ancient Brandenburg ordi- j
I nance of 1573. providing that there must I
be new churcues according to the growth
of population in Berlin, and they got the
Supreme Court at Leipsic to declare the
1 law still binding.
They then adopted the ratio of one
' churcn for 20,000 souls as the proper thing,
; and as this snowed Berlin to be twenty
i nine churches ahort they proceeded to
j build them. Now, the Municipal Council
j has not only refused to sanction the out
■ lay already incurred, but it has appointed
a committee to inquire whether the coun
cil's iezal adviser should not be punished
! for having presumed to listen to the con
i sistory's absurd propositions. No power
! can force tbe council to vote money if it
j remains firm in refusal, but as the Kaiser
I has been so heated a sponsor of the con
[ sistory's action it is asunied that he will
! treat the matter as a personal defiance and
• exhaust his resources in the efforts to ter
■ rify or crush the council. The Beriiners
I as a whole would Jik*» nothing better than
; such a contest, and if it comes one may be
i certain that it wiil not be tiie council that
first cries "quits."
The Chronicle has a long interview
with John Daly, who nas been resting in
Paris most of the time since his release,
but who to-day went to Ireland. Hs was
a good deal dazed when first released from
Portland prison, but has now regained
complete control of tiimse.f, and his
friends are no longer afraid of his break
ing down. Rather to their surprise Daly
maintains resolutely tbat he never favored
the dynamite policy, much less had any
part in it, and he is going to speak in Ire
land against the whole idea of the physi
cai force party. His narrative of official
efforts in the time of the Parneil commis
sion to bribe or scare him into giving evi
dence to support Pigott contains much
mat was hitherto unknown, and it may
render some investigation necessary. But
the public has more concern in his de
tailed account of the horror of penal ser
vitude, which subject is just now exciting
a growing amount of feeiinp. Daly says
that the dynamiters were treated worse
thin the other convicts, in that they were
searched twice as oHen, and that the
Warden behaved toward them with excep
tional severity, never once in the whole
period of tneir imprisonment indulging
the Irishmen in a little furtive chat, as
they occasionally do with ordinary eon
vie :s.
The unprecedented continnance of cold
rains which have now prevailed for nearly
six weeks islikelv much to reduce tiie rirst
estimates of the Eagiisn hop crop. I have
been for two days down in the Kentish
wealds, where thousands of poor hop
pickers from the London slums are hud
dled in wet tents or in vile shanties far
more squalid than the East End ever im
posed upon them. They are unable to
earn enough even for food owing to the
incessant rains, while the country about
them is one vast sea of mud. The sictness
and deaths among them are becoming a
crave matter, quite beyond tbe powers of
the local autnorities to deal with. A month
ago it was thought the crop would be oniy
a third less than that of 1895, but now,
what with ibe mold and wet ret, it is
doubtful it even half a crop will be saved.
Baden has been celebrating with great
heartiness this week the seventieth birth
day of its good Grand Duke, who is proba
bly the most popular and respected of all
the German princes.
At the small but very attractive inter
national exhibition at Carisrub,- 1 , which
forms tne main feature of the celebration,
a quite unexpected thing nas happened in
making the awards. There was a very
full display of beers, including the most
celebrated brews of Bavaria and Bohemia,
but the gold medal was won by t:)e beer
of Xertigny, a little village in the French
Vosges oi which hardly anybody had ever
heard before. This beer is called "La
Lorraine," and Paris is already greatly ex
cited, over the idea of taking it up ana
making it the vogue in France, instead of
tbe present Munich or pseudo Munich
"rocke." Already there are many excel
lent French beers, but patriotism has
hitherto appealed in vain in their behalf.
Parisians would not drink them unless
sold under German names. Now it is
hoped, however, that this German gold
me..al will give "La Lorraine" a chance.
The unlooked-for death of Jamei Lewis
has been treated by the press here quite j
as a domestic calamity, and the warmest
kind of eulogies are eiven both on bis j
work and on his charming personslity.
Irvine's production of "Cymbeline" on
the 22d inst. will open the London season
with exceptional eclat. Alma Taaerna
baa had a free hand in creating the ;
sumptuous classical environment, as \
Burne Jones did for "King Arthur." and
of the fourteen set scenes an unusual num
ber will be ereat and elaborate works of j
scenic art. To almost all Londoners the !
play will be a noveltr. as it will be to the I
present generation. That fine old actor
Frederick Robinson has been brought j
from America to play Belanus. Genevieve i
Ward will again have the part of the j
Q aeen - Harold Frederic.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times. J
ROTATTI IN A COLLISION.
Emperor William's Train Bun Down by
the Bretden Express.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 12.— An acci
dent happened to the Emperor's train as
his Majesty was leaving Loebau , to-day
after witnessing the military maneuvers.
•The Kaiser had bidden farewell to the
King, of Saxony and entered his special
train, when the Dresden express ran into
the Emperor's train. The express was
fortunately running very slowly and no
one was hurt, nor was any particular dam
age done.' The Emperor's train proceeded
after a delay of forty minutes.
Explosion on a Gunboat.
CAIRO, Egypt, Sept. 12.— While one of
the gunboats attached to the Anglo-
Egyptian expedition was ascending a
cataract of the Nile to-day her boiler ex
ploded, shattering her engines and com
pletely disabling her. No one was killed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
GERMANS JOIN
THE AGITATION
Christian Societies Lead in
Protests Against the
Turks.
MASSACRES MUST CEASE.
Mass Meetings at Which the
Cruelties to Armenians Are
Denounced.
MOSLEM VENGEANCE FEAEED.
Rather Inglorious Ending at Goerlitz
of the Most Extensive Military
Maneuvers on Record.
BERLIN, GzBMAyY. Sept. 12.— For the
first time since the Armenian massacres
aroused attention here Germany appears
to be on the eve of a popular agitation
against the Sultan. The initiative in this
movement comes from the Christian so
cieties of Germany, which have relations
in various parts ot Turkey similar to those
possessed by tbe English-speaking Chris
tian bodies operating in Anatolia and
other portions of tne Sultan's domain.
Although this agitation did not originate
in political circles or other influential
quarters, there is not the slightest docbt
that the movement has attracted general
sympathy, and that it is finding a re
sponse throughout the country that will
insure its success.
A meeting of protest was held Here on
Wednesday under the auspices of the
Berlin Christian Knowledge Society, but
it was not of much account as Showing
the popular interest in the anti-Turlcish
agitation. A large mass-meeting was
held in Hamburg on Thursday, howeVer,
and on the same day a conference of the
German clergy was held at Brunswick,
i and those gatherings were of undoubted
j importance and weight. A continuation
1 of mass-meetings similar to tne one held
in Hamburg will be arranged for in all
the populous centers of Germany, all to
be conducted upon the same general line.
The speakers at the Hamburg and Bruns
wick meetings have carefully avoided
deaiing with the political aspect of tne
Turkish question, and have limited their
remarks to denunciations of tbe Turkish
atrocities and to making appeals for their
cessation, yet the North German Gazette
employs its semi-official position to attack
the anti-Tnrkish agitation as an Ul-timed
and injudicious movement. In an article,
which is understood to have emanated not
from any German official source, but, on
the contrary, from the Turkish embassy,
the Gazette traces the recent uprisings in
Constantinople and Anatolia to Armenian
nihilists. Tiie Armenians, the article con
tinues, have designed also to blow up the
Greek churches in Constantinople," with
the object of causing a collision between
th« i Greeks and Turks, waicn would have
caused a general massacre of Christians.
It was not the Porte, the article adds, that
caused the massacre in Armenia, but the
Christian propaganda in Asia Minor,
where their war-cry, "Down with Islam !"
i incited the war of the crescent against the
i cross.
The Gazette argues that European dip
lomats are keeping a sensible degree of re
serve and will interfere as little as pos
; sible. because they know that although
the ironclads of the power? might shell the
Turkish ports and thus force the Sultan to
, accept the reforms suggested in hi? em
pire they could not hinder tue Moslems
from exacting a terrible revenge In the
massacre of hundreds of thousand? of
Christians.
The Vossische Zeitung makes a vigorous
attack upon the Gazette's article, which it
characterizes as a menace. The Vo~s:sche
Zeitung holds that the European nations ]
will -ec in such an attacfc no reason for
ceasing to declare their loathing of the |
Turkisn outrages or to stop their prepara- j
tiocs to preventithem.
The military maneuvers which have i
been held at Goerlitz this week were the j
most extensive on record in respect to the j
number of troops engaged, bjt they con- 1
eluded to-day ir most inglorious style, the '
heavy rainstorm? which prevailed greatly
impeding the movements of the men. The
Emperor left Goerlitz for Siegesdorf on a
hunting trip and the King of Saxony took j
his departure ior Dresden. There was a I
great deal of illness among the men in I
consequence of their having been bi
vouacking in heavy rains, and there were !
a number of jatai accidents that were not j
mentioned in tne newspapers. The repre- |
sentative of the United Associated Presses.
wiio attended tne maneuvers, is able to
state from his personal knowiededge tbat !
three men were killed by the artiilerv. one !
man was crushed under a gun at Pom
neitz, a lancer and bis horse were killed
by ialling into a quarry and another man
by faliing from his horse and impaling
himself upon his lance.
Herr Krunp has dismissed all tbe |
foreign workmen in his gunmaking works I
upon his alleged discovery that they have i
betrayed the secrets of the manufacture of
the Krupp guns to persons who were in
terested in other tactones'.
Professor Bergmann, the eminent Ger
man specialist, who has beea in profes
sional attendance upon Count yon Suou
valoff, the Governor of Russian Poland
who was recently stricken with paralysis,
reports that nis patient is siowiy
ering.
Princess Feodore of Schleswig-Holstein,
the youngest sister of the German Em
press, has been betrothed to Duke Fred
erick Wilheim, brother of the Grand Duke
of Mecklenburg-Scnwerin. Princess Feo
dore is _'2 years of age and Dulce Fred
erick Wilhelro 1-
Pr.nce Eitei Frederick, the second son
of the Emperor, who was injured a weefc
ago by falling from a pony at Ploen, where
he is pursuing his studies, is still confined
to ni« bed. The young Prince proves to I
pc more delicate than was supposed, and
it is found to be very difficult to heal any I
wound or bruise thai he may receive. j
MILES'TOUR OF THE WEST
The General Is Expected to Make
Many Important Recom
mendations*
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sent 12.-
Apropos oi General Miles' visit to the far
West, the Army and Navy Register says:
At some convenient point en route
.West, the commanding general will be
joined by Senator and Mrs. Sherman,
probably at Chicago. Officers who are in
formed as to General Miles' plan are ot
opinion that his Western trip is of much
more importance than was supposed. One
of tnese officers said as much to a repre
sentative of the Register. He declined to
go into details, but said in effect that be
expected some exceedingly interesting
recommendations to be be made by Gen
eral Miles upon his return to Washington,
as a result of his inspection in the West.
TiiOFe recommendations, he intimated,
would relate not oniy to posts, but troops,
and concern the abolition of some of the
former, and tbe transfer of some of the
latter. The officer stated that he looked
for suggestions from General Miles in the
lall, involving a change of station for
probably six regiments of infantry and
two, if not thtee, regiments of artillery.
Bids wiil be opened at the Navy Depart
ment on Monday lor the construction of
the three battle-sbips and twelve torpedo
boats authorized at the last session ot
Congress, and representing a total appro
priation of about $15,000,000, three-fourths
of which will be for the larger vessels.
Contractor* would Cave preferred post
ponement of the opening of bids until
after the November elections, as they fear ;
that should the Chicago ticket prevail j
tbey would be accepting contracts that j
might entail heavy losses instead of the
fair pronts they expected to secure. There
could be no departure from law, however,
which stipulates that bids must be opened
witnin sixty days after advertisements are
issned, and contract awarded within
ninety days.
There will be lively and probably very
close bidding for the battle-ships, and
four firms at least are iooked unon as con
testants for the big plums. The limit of
price fixed for each of the three vessels of
this class is about $3,000,000, exclusive of
ordnance and armor, 30 tbat a tirm secur
ing two of the vessels will have about all
the naval work it can attend to of this
class.
Although the Newport News Company,
which only entered the battle-ship class of
bidders last year, has two of this type now
building, the firm is looked upon as certain
to enter prop^s-ils for the new ships, and
should it underbid the Cramps the depart
ment will be compelled 'o award it the
contracts; but ns the Philadelphia linn is j
now without many large contracts with
trie navy officials are hopeful that it may j
may be the lowest bidder and get two of I
the"sbii>s and that the third vessel will go
to tbe Union Iron Works of San Fran- j
cisoo.
Representatives of interested firms will
be ia Washington at the opening of ttie ;
bids on Monday, but until Secretary Her- j
berl returns no awards will be announced. !
Four days later bids will be opened for !
twelve torpedo boats, three of which are
to be of tbe big est speed (thirty knots)
ever attempted in the construction of this
type of boat in the United States. The
remainder are to be comparatively small
craft, of not more than thirty-eight tons
and a speed of twenty-one knots. The
thirty-knot boats a^e to cost, exclusive of
armament, not exceeding $100,<>-O each,
and :ts there is not much margin left at
these low figures ior boats designed for
such extraordinarily high speed, bid? are
hardly expected to come from more than
one or two firms. No plans have been
prepared for «ny of the torpedo boats and
Didders are left to submit their own de
signs.
The Herreshoffs, it is understood, will
bid on ail tne boats, and especially anx
ious is tbe department that they secure
the tbirty-knot type, as it is contended
that they are among the best fast-boat
builders in the country. It was at their
suggestion that they would build thirty
tnot, or evpn better, torpedo-boats for the
navy tbat Secretary Herbert secured pro
vision for these vessels. Heretofore the
Cramps have declined to bid on torpedo
boats, but chiswas due to the fact that
when proposals were asked thf-y had
about all the naval worfc they could han
dle. It is said that they will bid on all
classes of ships this time, as will also the
California firm and Newport News Com
pany.
After awarding contracts for tnis new
naval fleet, one of Secretary Herbert'^
next acts will be to find names for the
fifteen ships. It is not hkely that he will
leave this to the incoming administration,
but will name the vessels bf fore the keel
blocks are laid.
The quota of enlisted men allowed the
army and navy are now nearer tilled than
at any period in recent years, and officials
are assured that no farther trouble wiil
hereafter be encountered in securing ail
the excellent material either service
reauire«. At present the total strength of
the regular army is between 24, &JQ and tbe
limit 25.000, and the few men lacking to
complete it could, authorities say, be en
listed in ten day?.
The strength of the navy's enlisted force
is now 11,000 men, with the additional
men added by the last Congress, and of
this number there are enrolled all but 400.
This number applies almost monthly at
the various recruiting stations and tne en
tire ijuota could be maintained without
difficulty but for the discharges which fol- |
low every week or so.
Admiral Ramsay, who has the enlisted
force of the navy in charge, believes that
not since the early days of the old navy
has there been a larger proportion of ;
American citizens on our warships. He
attributes' this to the better accommoda
tion afforded sailors on the new ships and
the fact that every encouragement and in
ducement is heid out to Americans to en
ter the navy.
Foreigners, furthermore, who enli3t are !
now required to take out naturalization '
papers, and many of them do so. The
personnel, too, o; the present naval crews
is said to De superior to that of the service '
for years and is constantly improving i
under the strict inspection system exer- !
cised by officers at recruiting stations. Al
though 2000 men have been added to tbe ,
navy in the last eighteen months, with ;
the completion of the new ships the pres
ent force will be inadequate to the de
mand, and in a very short time 4000 01
6000 more men will be required if tbe ves
■elt are to be maintained in commission
under full crews.
A big battle-ship like the Indiana or
Kearsarge requires a complement of 500
men. and as the navy will soon have build
ing six of this class of ships to man them
alone will call for at least 3000 more sea
men. Exclusive of these battle-ships
there are nine cruisers building and a
large fleet of torpedo-boats, so that within
three years tha 11,000 men now allowed
the service will not be sufficient by 5000
nien to keep tbe full strength of the navy
in active commission.
INCURASING THE DISCOUNT.
English Bankers Jieapinq a Harvest
From TJnele Ham.
LONDON. Esc, Sept. Li.— A reporter of
the United Associated Press, as a result
of inquiries amonz leading London bank
ers and financiers, learns that bankers
generally are in expectation that a further
draft for gold will be made upon Great
Britain by the United States, but none of
them will venture to estimate the extent
of the draft-
As to a further increase of the Bank of
England's rate of discount, there is no
doubt that the bank will rai3e its rate to
3 per cent in the event of any large drain
of gold from England, and it certainly
would not require a drain as large as
£6,000,000 sterling— the sum which it was
reported yesterday had been arranged for
— to cause a rise in the discount rate.
The Statist in an article «n the situation
says: Nobody can foresee how large the
American drain of gold will be, but oru
dent bankers will lose no time in ruawing
their discount rate effective.
California Fruit in London.
LONDON, E>'G., Sept. 12.— Four thou
sand half-cases of California fruit were
offered for sale at toe Covent Garden mar
ket yesterdny, 2000 of which were disposed
of, the remainder, ali pears, being heid
over until next week. Of the fruit sold
to-day, Bart lett pears brought from 4*<sl
to fi- 3d. Lots of peaches, agerepating 400
half-cases, were sold at 9s to 6s 6d.
Bank Bookkeeper Takes Poison.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Sem. 12— Louis
Colomb, one of the bookkeepers of the
Union National Bank, took poison yester
day. If his life bs saved it is hoped he
may enable tbe officers to unravel some of
the mystery surrounding the affairs of tne
bank. There were no new developments
to-day. The panic has somewhat mod
erated.
BRYAN TALKS TO
THE WORKINGMEN
Begins Speech-Making at
Kansas City Before
Breakfast.
ASKS FOR OPEN MINTS.
And Makes a Rather Poor
Argument for the Wage-
Earners.
PECULIAR IDEA OF PROSPERITY
Some Short Addresses in Which the
Boy Orator Pleads for Cheap
Honey.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 12.—Wil
liam J. Bryan made two speeches in Kan
sas City this morning, one to the working
men of the two Kansas Cities in the
packing-house district, the other to a vast
crowd of people at the corner of Eleventh
street and Grand avenue, uptown. The
Armonr people gave all their employes an
hour to see and hear Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan was met at Leaven worth by
a special committee to escort him to this
city, where be arrived at 6 :30 o'clock. At
7 o'clock he addressed a crowd of 10,000
workingmen in the bottoms. He spoke as
follows:
Fellow-citizens: This is a little earlier than
I usuall; commence my morning's work.
I [Laughter.] I am very glad to be able to speak
110 you even for a moment. Soae of our op
ponents tell us that the thing to do is to open
me miils instead o' the mints. That reminds
me of the man who said that his horses would
go all right if he could just get tbe wegon
started. [Laughter and applause.] It is put
\ ting the cart beiore the horse. What nse is
\ there tor mills unless the people can buy wirat
; the miils produce, and now can you start
them as long as those who produce tLe wealth
lof this country, particular. y the farmer, are
1 not able to get enougn out 01 what they raise
I 10 pay their taxe* and interest. [Apptause].
i There* is no more effective way of destroying
\ tbe markets for what the milis produce than
I to lower the prices of the products the farmer
has raised so that they will not bring him
enough to pay him for raising them.
There was a report once filed by Mr. Mc
i Kinlcy in I*9o. along with the McKinley bill,
and that report declared that it :here was great
industrial depression in agriculture there
could be no prosperity anywhere, it was true
then, and it is true to-day, that while there is
depression in agricultural products, there can
be no prosperity anywhere. You must com
mence at the bottom and tfork up through the
other classes. You cannot commence your
prosperity at the top and expect it to work
down through all the classes of society. [Ap
plause.] You gentlemen who live ie th;< city,
surrounded by an agricultural country, know
that there is no way of brineiue prosperity to
Kansas City until you first bring "prosperity to
those toilers upon whose success Kansas City
rests. [Applause.]
It does not require financiers, it does not re
qoirfl a railroad attorney to tell you where
\ on r prosperity lies. [Great applause.] Xor
can these men prevent you from exercising
therigntof sovereignty as you please. [Ap
plause. A voice— "They are trying to doit.''
An"Uier voice— 'Missouri gives v.pu 109,000
majority, you bet." Another voice— "Put
Kai.»a* down for 6*>,000," Another voice—
••And Arkansas Is all right."]
That sounds very much like one of those
meetings where they take up a collection.
When you talk about '.he resulis of an election
th? people of '.he various States vie with each
other to see who can make it the nearest to
unanimous. Unless all signs fail the people
are coing to be at the polling-places this year
before the booths open and stay there until
they close, an<t there won't be a man who can
get "to the polls but who will be sure to be
there.
What does it mean? It means that the
people are taking tbe interest in tne election
that the people ongut always to take. They
are beginning to understand the value of the
baliot as the means by which they can redress
their wrougs. Sometimes people have com
plained that bad laws would be adopted and
nave allowed them to remain bad. They have
coin plained that they ought to be better and
have done nothing to make them better. If
the lawi are bad they themselves are to blame,
and if they wish good laws they must secure
them themselves. And this interest means
something. It means that government is
going to be made more Dearly what govern
ment onsht to be, and that is a point which
will protect the Humblest ctizen in the lar:d
in his right to work and to enjoy the fruits of
his toil. [Applause.]
After the address in the bottoms he was
escorted to the Coates House for break
fast, where he ruet the reception commit
tee from St. Louis, after which a parade
was lorraed and be was taken to ihe corner
oi Eleventh street and Grand avenue,
where he spoke from his carriage to an au
dience of 25,000 people. Mr. Br3'an said:
I want to suggest a few propositions for you
to bear In mind in the discu>suon oi the money
question. Our opponents tell us that we are
tgolng in the faceoi natural laws. I assert that
he advocates of free coinage are the on; j peo
ple in this campaign who base their ;<rguments
upon natural laws. [Applause.] The law of
supply and demand is the great law of trade
and we apply the iaw of supply and demand
to the money question and say that when you
incresse the demand for gold you raise its
price just as you raise tue price of anything
else by increasing the demand for it, nnl thnt
when you rai^e the price o; gold in a gold
standard country you lower the price of nil the
products of which are measured by money.
[Great applause.]
Our epponeuts talk aboui a 50-cent dollar.
They reiu-e to recognize the fact that the mo
ment the mints of the United States ure opened
to tbe tree coinage of silver so that 70.000.000
of people can go out and secure silver, take v
to the mint and convert tf into money and use
that money to pay tt-.xes and debts with, and
for the purchase of property— they refnse to
! recognize, I say. that the opening of our minis
i Increases the uemaad lor silver and raises the
price of silver ks measured by gold.
Now, another proposition. We believe not
only that free coinage of silver will raise the
valut? oi silver bullion as measured by gold,
but we believe that the demand created by the
opening of the United states mints would be
sufficient to take all surp.us silver, and there
being then no sliver upon the market which
! caanot be converted into money at onr mints
to use in the development of onr industries
there will be no silver in the world wnich can
be purchased for less than f 1 29 per ounce in
! gold. [Great applause.]
SALISBURY. Mo., Sept. 12.— A thou- j
sand people at Brunswick swarmed around
Mr. Bryan when his train reached that
place and shouted wildly until he beean
to talk. His speech was very brief. A
brass band augmented the sbouts of the
crowd at Dalton. Keylesviile turned out
a lar^e number of people. The crowd was I
of good size, tmt the train drew quickly
aw«y, and Mr. Bryan did not, make a ;
CENTRALIA, Mo., Sept. 12.— An excit
ing incident occurred while the Bryan
train was at Salisbury, where it stopped a j
minute. Witb tne experience of his party
witn pickpockets during tbe recent trip
through New York and Ohio fresh in his
mind, Mr. Bryan had been watching with
suspicion all the morning the actions of
some men on the train who woald get off
at every station and circulate among the
crowds* At Salisbury the throng about
the tr3in was large.
Mr. Bryan had just begun a speech, but
stopped suddenly and with his finger in
dicating a particular place in tbe gather
ing said: "Hold on, there are two pick
pockets operating down there." The
crowd parted in an instant, but before
those on the train couid see the result of
Mr. Bryan's detective work the signal to
start was given and a speech, if no pocket
books, was lost. However, Mr. Bryan's
detective work met with success at Hunts
vilie, where his train arrived at 1:30 p. m.
He had spoken to Colonel John I. Martin
of St. Louis about the men whom he be
lieved to be picspockotd and as Colonel
Martin and Mr. Bryan stood facing the
Hantsville audience the former a^iceJ the
candidate ij he saw the suspicious men in
the crowd. "Yes, there they are," said
Mr. Bryan.
The two men indicated by him were
moving around through the .people acting j
very suspiciously. The town marshal
who was wilh Colonel Martin on the train
platform called out that ihere were pick
pockets in the crowd and tne two men
whom Mr. Bryan had pointed out made a
dive for the outskirts of the throng.
"Stop tnem, farmers!" cried Colonel
Martin, and in an instant the two men
were in the hands of half a dozen sturdy
men. They were carried off by their cap- j
tor*, and ail Mr. Bryan ami those accorc- i
panying him knew was that they had j
railroad checks in their bats, showine
that they were passengers. The crowd at
Huntbville numbered about 800, and
showed much enthusiasm. Mr. Bryan i
made a few remarks.
Moberly was reached at 1:55 o'clock and i
a hearty reception wa3 given Mr. Bryan. \
He made a short speech. Seated in a car- !
riage covered with bunting and drawn by !
four horses Mr. B-yan was conveyed from j
the ssation at Moberiy to the public park, i
A mounted escort went along. More
than 5000 people were gathered in the
square, and they cheered the candidate
with a vim as he came on the speaker's
plat;orm with Mr. Stephens, the Demo- •
cratic candidate for Governor. To his
audience Mr. Bryan said:
Ladies and gentlemen : lam not speaking in
Missouri because it is unnecessary, :or ii Mis
souri goes back on the principles set forth in !
tbe Chicago platform, which the Democracy oi j
fcUnoari has believed in at all times and un- :
der all circcmstar.ces, then to what State can
we go and expect awelcome? [Cries 01 ••Xone.
none" aid "Arkansas."] We count on the vote
of ilis-ouri, and if we needed anything to in
sure the electoral vote of Misnouri there is not
a State in the Union nrher In public speakers;
so 1 do not come because it is not necessary,
but simply to see the people who are so enthu
siastically supporting our ticket. Let me rail
your attention to one characteristic of this
campaign. 1 have said you are rich in public |
speakers, but do you know in a campaign like j
this no community ia poor because in svery
community can be found public speakers.
In times of quiet very often the machinery
of the party takes charge of things, but in
times like these the people themselves rise up,
and if the machine does not do what it ought
then they have the remnants of araachiue
scattered all over the State. [Applause.] The
machinery of a party is used to advance the
principles aud interests of those lor whom the
party speaks. You are fortunate in this State
that the machinery has been acting In har
mony with the people of thk State, but in
States where it has not done so they are find
ing the people are greater than any machine.
[Applause.] They tell us the silver craze is
dying out— that it is a lunacy.
Ii so the lunacy is speading so rapidly that j
by election time there wili not be goldbugs 1
enough left to furnish guards in the insane :
■aylwna for all these silver lunatics. [Great '.
laughter.] Some of those who a few months :
were calling the advocates of free coinage I
lunatics are to-day the most enthusiastic ad- '.
vocatcs oi free coinage we have, and they are
grateful to those who saw the conditions be- '
tore they did [applause] and the new converts '
are among the most zeaious supporters we >
have.
Mr. Bryan was driven back to his train
followed by a crowd of cheering people,
and resumed his journey to St, Louis at
2:20.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 12.— Three big
audiences were addressed by William J.
Bryan to-night, and each of them gave
him an ovation of which any man might ■
be proud. Reaching St. Loui«from Kansas i
City at <J:1"), in company with Governor ;
Stone, Lon V. Stevens, the Democratic j
candidate for Governor for Missouri, and
other prominent politicians, Mr. Biyan |
was greeted at the Union station by a j
crowd of several thousand people, who i
made the spacious trainshed ring with '
their shouts. After supper Mr. Bryan, at j
8 o'clock, started out on his round of ;
speechmaking, doing tbe jumping from I
place to place in a special trolley-car, j
Concordia Paffc, the Auditorium and!
Sportsman's Park were the places where
be spoke.
♦
THAT DISPUTED ARTICLE
What the London financial Hews Said
About Silver. . ~-V
-CHICAGO, 111.. Sept. 12.— cam
paign managers at Democratic National
headquarters were elaterl to-day at the re
ceipt from Darant Press Cuttings, a re
sponsible London concern, of a certified
copy of the much-discussed and disputed
article quoted from me Financial News of
London under date of April 30, 1894, which
declares "that if the United States were to
adopt a silver basis to-morrow British
trade would be ruined before the year
was out."
When the Republican campaign man
agers denied tne authenticity of the arti
cle and claimed to have received a denial
ot the same by the editor of the Financial
News, inquiry was made in London as to
whetuer the journal of that date really did
contain Mich an article. '- The resDonse
was received as above and the editorial in
qnesiion will now be spread broadcast by
the Democratic managers and others
working for free silver.
Senator. Teller of Colorado, who was at
headquarters to-day, stated that more
than a year ago he was shown and read a
copy of the Financial News of April 30,
1594. containing the identical editorial,
which :'s entitled "Enciand and the Silver
Question."
Senator Dubois of Idaho came to head
quarters with Senator Teller, and they
bad a long conference with Congressman
Richardson and Secretary Walsh. Both
the Senators are anxious to continue an
aggressive speaking campaign in the
doubtful States, and they wanted to close
arrangements for a Lour in detail. In the
absence of Senator Jones and Chairman
McConyille of the speakers' department
the assignments could not be made.
M't'ior and Aldermen fined.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 12.— Judge
Joy's for the Jaded and Good
Health for all Mankind.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
is made from ._ ties through
herbs, and EgßsfiSjSfiSlg nature'sowu
contains no Bllfc£siin£!gl|? properchaa-
mineral w9 nets. Joy's
drugs or |§55^8 Vegetable
deadly pois- WS^^^Si Sarsaparilla
on. . J o y ' s || Mi: l »,,' M|^^3 cures Dys- .
Vegetable \M . J? *» iJSfii peps ia,
Sarsaparilla !*] ," * li^'ffl Chronic
robs the {jjjjlj) ia£**ll!!'.S Constipa-
blood of all i!i|!SS* ll^ieS Complaints
its impuri- ajj ?!: a *M'4R Complaints
ties, and !2|jj]!*' l{ »'Gvr' l i' and Kidney
courses all - bS^^JJhj Affections,
these impuri~ lE^9
I^S^ ings, staggering sen- |ji|f| I
H cations, palpitation H
LbDc I ears, spots before the 8 | S^
kjU eves, headache, bil- B |C
E£. sp B iousness,eonstipation ■ l&
Inw B of bowels, pains in fl HnJ>
1^ j£| tongne coated, foul U I *>:
p« B I breath, pimples on Ij \
FJ< |fg face, body and limb, § fi> ««5
pta declineofnerve force || C l^
□ufl ■ Bpelis, cold, clammy Sj ap^j
■ feet and hands, sour B
t^j ~M risings, fatigue, in- MQ\ >
Kj fl somnia, and all dis- N^CS 1
tp'& ■ eases of the stomach, fl 1^
fl liver and kidney?.
Joy.s Vegetable Sar- ESS
■ aapanlla is'sold by all B
■ dm-gists. Refuse a fl
K^Si ■ substitute. When you ■
H pay for the best see that fl
9 you get the best.
Toney this morning fined Mayor Todd |80
and twelve members of the Board of Al
dermen $15 each for disobeying his injunc
tion in the impeachment proceedings
against the Bpara of Pabiic Safety. Judge
Toney afterward remitted the tine against
Alderman Lestheren, as he did not vote to
impeach the Board of Safety.
DEATH OF COLONEL, WIA.KJD.
During the Civil War JBto Wat an Adi
riser of Lincoln.
READING, Pa., Sept. 12.— Colonel
Wiard died here last evening, aged, about
70 years. Colonel Wiard was a well
known expert on heavy ordnance and an
inventor of euns and projectiles. During
the war he was employed by the Govern
ment in the manufacture of guns and pro
jectiles and was much relied noon by the
War Department in those matters, fre
quently being consulted by Preoident
Lincoln and Secretary St3nton.
Some years he was engaged by the Gov
ernment of Japan as an artillery expert
and remained in that country for some
three years.
A. Waning Foreign Industry.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept 12.—Con
snl Seymour, at Palermo, reports to the
State Department that the orange and
lemon exports for the season to the United
States has exceeded that of former years
by about half a million boxes, bnt owing
to the inferior quality of the fruit and the
low prices obtained in tbe United States
the season has been tbe most disastrous
in the history of the trade.
~ yew to-pat:
THE OWL IB
DRUG CO., ill
CUT-RATE 4B
DRUGGISTS. jj[
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
100- Page Catalogue Mailed free
during this month only. With
every Five-dollar Order from the
Country we will add. Free of
Charge, a Manicure Set contain-
ing a File, Tweezer and Corn
Knife. Five-dollar orders deliv-
ered free within 100 miles of San
' Francisco, provided money ac-
companies the order.
Veronica Wat^r, 50c size 40c
Allen's Malt Whiskey. $1 25 size 850
! DeSancti's Pills, 75c size 45c
: Mellin's Food. 75c siz* 550
: Malted Milk, $3 75s:z* .....$3 00
I Hood's Sarsaparilla, $1 size 65c
\ Mrs. Allen's Female Restorer,
SI s'ze 650
| Mrs. Allen's Syrian Wash, 50c
sfz 1 ? 40c
' Paine's Celery Compound, $1
size • 60c
| Joy's Sarsaparilla. Si size 650
j Baker's Pure Norway Codliver
Oil. 75c size 50c
i Hall's Catarrh Cure. 75c size..... 50c
; Quinine Pills, 2 err., per 100 30c
! Quinine Pills, 3 ej., per 100 40c
i Baker's Honduras Sarsaparilla,
$1 siz- 75c
Munyon 25c Remedies 150
| Munyon 50c Reraedi s 30c
Hot Water Bottles, 2 quarts..... 75c
Hot Water Bottles, 3 quarts 80c
Hot Water Bottles, 4 quarts 85c
WRITE FOR 100-PAGE CATALOGUE.
S7.SO
■ ■
FOR THE BEST
ELECTRIC BELT
All Nickel Trimmlnars, Silk Cover.
Others Ask $12 to $15 for the Sam*
Belt. ._
Canadian Club Whiskey. $2 size $ 1 00
Baltimore Rye Whiskey. SI 50
siZ3 SI 00
i Bicycle Playing Cards, per uack 150
; William's Pink Pills, 50c size.... 35 O
j Cartel's, Ayers' or Beecham's
Pills. 25c size .' 15 O
! Pierces, Favorite Prescription,
$1 size 650
! Pinkham's Compound, $1 size-... 650
[ Scott's Emnlson, $1 5ize.......... 65c
: Syrup of Figs, 50c size 350
' Yale's Hair Tonic, $1 size.. 650
I Cuticura Resolvent, SI size 700
theowlTdruqco.,
m FRAiTOCO, OAKLAND, LOSAIGKLES.
5000
CARNATIONS
Field-Grown From Spring; Cutting!
by an .Experienced Eastern Florist.
11 VARIETIES
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGowan, "1
! Wlliam Scott, ■) . Silver Spray. lWk
I Day Break, I™,,* Uinsies White, h™ l * l **
| Tidal Wave, j'±' m 't- white Wing, J -'-
Grace Wilder, J Gold Fincn, oold, Yellow.
American striped.
These plants are "well-grown for Win-
ter bloom, and will be sold to th«
trade at reasonable rates,
T.G.ARMSTRONG&SON
FLORISTS, ETC.,
Rose Avf. >'nrgerles. ■
Addr
Mills College P. 0., Alameda Co., Cal.
1 DR.MGNULTY:
T hi* well-know:,- and reliable spe.
1 clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NEBVOCSDISSASES O?MEX ONLY. He stops
Discharges; cures secret Blood ami Skin Diseases,
Bores and Swellings: Nervoas Debility. Imp»
tence and other weaknesses ot Manhood. ■
He correct* the (secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effect*. Lo«s of Vitality, Palpitation of th*
Heart, Loan of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and bo<ly. caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
move* Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cares Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drags. .
Dr. >leX city's methods are regular and aelen.
( titic. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-mad*
preparations, bnt cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New °i»mphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
. their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. . - . -
Hours— 9 to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 evening*. Sun-
days, 10 to VI only. Consultation free and **
credly confidential. Call on or address ~ -
P. BOSCUK McStLTI, BX. D.,
ttPA Seamy St.. San Francisco, Cal.
tET Beware of strangers who try to talk toyoa
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steer* rs for swindling doctors. -
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHXLUP3. ATTOKNBT-A.T-
\J law and Notary Public, 6-iA ilaricos st, opp>
uve Palace ilot*!. Telephone 6 70, J£e*ld*ao« He*
i A SUM, iticvuon* "fuw" i^i
34
FUSION BALKED
IN THE SEVENTH
Democrats Are Loyal to
Their Nominee for
Congress.
WILL SUPPORT MADDUX
The Merced County Convention
Rebukes the Conference
Ccmmittee.
HAS NO VOTES FOR CASTLE.
leclines to Indorse the Act Re
placing Their Candidate With
a Fopn'ist,
MERCED, Gal., Sept. 12.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met this after
noon in Pythian Castle. When the report
of the committee on resolutions was
called for the audience was all attention,
as a contest was anticipated. The report
as read was the usual county platform,
pledging support to the Democratic nomi
nees and principles. An amendment was
offered in the shape of a resolution indors
ing the work of the conference committee
of Democrats, Populists and Silverites in
effecting a fusion on Congressional nomi-
nees. The object of the amendments was
an indorsement of Dr. Castle, the Populist
nominee for Congress in the Seventh Dis
trict, as opposed to L. J. Maddux, the
regular Democratic nominee.
A spirited debate followed. Maddux,
who was present, was called to the stand.
He stated his reasons for not tendering
his resignation to the conference com
mittee. He said that, as Dr. Castle had
refused to fuse on the electoral ticket, he
would not fuse on the Congressional nom
ination. He said his certificate of nomi
nation had been tiled with the Secretary of
State, and as the regular Democratic nom
inee he would stay in the field until No
vember.mber.
The amendment failed for want of a
second, and the report of the committee
was adopted as read.
J. K. Law, the incumbent, was nomi
nated for the Superior Judgeship. F. G.
Ostrander is the regular Republican can
didate, and F. H. Farrar stands on the
Populist ticket.
SAN LUIS OBISPO RALLT.
Congressman JUcLaehlan Speaks to a
Large Audience.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Sept 12.—
Hon. James McLachlan, Republican
nominee for Congress from the Sixth Dis
trict, arrived this morning from Santa
Maria, where he spoke last evening to a
large audience. He was met at tne depot
by a reception committee of the Me-
Kinley-Hobart Club, composed of John
Wbicher, Arthur Bray, C. H. Reed, F. B.
Jack, Benjamin Brooks. J. H. Maddox, E.
L. Williams, C. E. Ash, J. P. Lima, Jay
Goodrich, C. T. Greenfield, C. A. Palmer,
F. B. Frefum. W. F. Vetterline, R. D. Orr,
J. M.Feltz, Joseph Muller, Robert Brown,
M. Sarmento, W. F. Saver and Joseph
Llnd. They conducted him to the Hotel
Ramona, where a decorated suite of rooms
had been prepared for his reception.
The Republicans, under the manage
ment oi the McKinley-Hobart Club, to
night joined in the* greatest political
demonstrations ever held in this city.
Every one seemed interested. People
poured into town all day lone from the
country to bear McLacblan in the evening.
They wanted to see the man who stood
true and firm to their interests: who se
cured ihe last appropriation of $40,000 for
a breakwater at Port Harford, the water
front of the county, a breakwater which
when finished will be the grandest harbor
ot refuge for vessels en the coast between
the Golden Gate and the bay of San Diego.
The band began to stir the people with
martial music at 7:30 o'clock, and soon
members of the McKinley Guards and
drill corps were hurring to their quarters
in the skating-rink.
Shortly afterward, Grand Marshal
George W. Robbins, assisted by Aids C. F.
Salmann, G. W. McCabe, J. B. Blake, H.
Menlmann, P. Banks, J. Foley, W. F.
Saver, H. F. Oss;ood, Louis Zehender,
William B. McKennon, Norman Sander
cock, Victor Woods, Peter Quintana Jr.
and Peter Righetti, were lining up the
torchlight procession. This marched to
the pavilion, while anvils boomed a
salute. Conspicuous in the narade was a
large delegation of Swi?s and Portuguese
Republicans. The McKinley Guards pre
sented a fine appearance.
The pavilion was decorated with the
National colors, conspicuous being the
portraits of McKinley and Hoburt.
It was crowded to its utmost capacity.
Chairman C. H. Reed of tne County Com
mittee Introduced County Clerk John
Wbicher as president of the evening.
Then came music by the Republican Clud
quartet composed of Messrs. Cohin, Me
lntire, Bradford and Sandercook. After
remark: on true Republicanism by the
president, he introduced James McLach
lan as our next Congressman and speaker
of the evening.
McLachlan spoke on the tariff and
money questions, going into details re
garding tue last work of Congress. He
was loudly cheered at intervals during his
talk.
TULARE COUSTY POPULISTS.
Lack of Harmony Between Fusionists \
and Ihr Straight- Outs.
VIS ALIA, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Tulare
County Populist Convention was held here
to-day. Sheriff A. P. Merritt was elected
temporary chairman and C. C. Howell of
Poplar secretary.
T. V. Cator was called on for a speech.
He told of his experience in Bt. Louis aud
of his connection with the committee that
accepted Mr. Deuprey's word that all the
Democrats would concede was four of the
nine Presidential electors. He informed
the delegates that the Chicago conven
tion was compelled to accept several
planks from the Omaha platform, and
after so doing it was easy sailing for
Bryan to secure the nomination. As for
the Populists there was not one man of
National reputation in the Populist party
who would have made good Presidential
timber, and all the prominent Populists
were in favor of Bryan.
During his speech Cator kept his
eye on Editor Hardie Gilstrap, a middle
of-the-road delegate at the St. Louis con
vontion, as though expecting an outbreak
from him. He paid his respects to John
S. Dore of Fresno, and in a aling at Gil
strap declared that himself and his fellow
Populists who indorsed Bryan were as
muc.. in the middie of the road as those
who refused to do so. He claimed it was a
matter of judgment, and he believed it
poor judgment to stand in the middle of
the road with an express train thundering
down upon one.
When the convention was cal led to order
*~- the afternoon session. W. Hardie Gil- i
strap was called upon. Gilslrap declared
that he believed it out of place to thresh
over St. Louis convention straw, and,
therefore, he would not do it; but he
wanted to say that there were misstate
ments mad* by Oator regarding the plat
form this mo«mng. They had beard Tom
Watson abused, but not a word against
Sewall. He did not indorse the action of
the Populist State Central Committee, but
he believed it not worth while to give his
reasons.
G. P. Manchester, E. E. Grinnell. J. 3.
Shlitz, C. S. Collins, W. P. Pennybaker
and F. S. Crook were elected delegates to
the joint convention of the Sixty-fourth
Assembly District. Rev. Mr. Motberal of
Kings County addressed these delegates,
and strongly urged fusion with the Demo
crats of the Sixty-fourth District.
W. R. Harris was nominated for the
Assembly from the Sixty-fifth District.
ENTHUSIASM AT SANTA CRUE.
Republican Doctrine Expounded by Col.
Oeorge A. Knight.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., September 12.
Standing-room was at a premium in the
large pavilion here to-night, when CoJonel
George A. Knight opened the Republican
campaign under the auspices of the Santa
Cruz McKinley and Hobart Club. Knight
was introduced by the chairman of the
club. W. H. Galbraith.
He lost no time in graceful skirmishing,
but entered into a thorough review of the
Republican party, its past, its present and
the prospects of its future.
There were times, he said, when it was a
a citizen's duty to stand out and sound
the alarm, to fearlessly enter into the
combat and bear arms. Such a time was
upon us.
It was not now the politician who ruled
this land, but the man who, after the
day's toil, retired to his home, and with
his family discussed the problems of life
and of his country, molded the des
tinies of this great Nation.
That was the person who was well
grounded in the principles which gov
erned this Republic. Such a man the cry
of free silver, with its Altgeldism and Till
manic embellishments, could not delude.
The memory of long, lean, lanky,
homely, humble Lincoln, with his politi
cal motto short and sweet, and his slogan
for high protective tariff penetrated
deeper and remained with a firmer grip
than the Democratic superficial, oratori
cal fireworks of Bryan.
Lincoln, he said, laid the foundation of
th 6 great Republican party, and anarchy
could not undermine a structure built on
the fame of such men as Lincoln, Grant
and Sherman.
Protection in its broadest sense was self
defense. We were willing, he declared, to
admit skilled labor from abroad, but not
the products of any skilled labor produced
abroad. This Government was founded
on labor. The workineman upheld the
pillars of Republicanism, and when these
supports failed, then these States, united
in their glory and in their strength now,
would fail.
Free trade was not wanted here, but it
was wanted by Kncland, he asserted.
The Republican party wished to enrich
American workiDgmen by opening home
industries and closing its rorts to foreign
material. The Democratic party of to
day apnealed to the prejudices of the
foreign born. It was the same old fight.
"Shall we support foreign factories, or
shail we support and feed our own sons,
our own daughters?" the speaker asked.
"Blame said, in his prophetical utterance
in 1690, that be shuddered at the thought
of a time when the workingma.: would
beg for bread; and yet under the regime
of Democracy and Cleveland, the Ameri
can workingman is casting looks of an
guish upon the closed factory, and foreign
nations have coffers bulging with coin.
"What has free trade done for this
country? Never before in the history of
these States had a struggling horde of
starving, idle men marched to Washing
ton and begged for work and bread. Dis
trust came in with Cleveland's adminis-
tration, and it has perched upon Dem
ocracy's banner ever since the Wilson bill
was sired by John Bull and damned by
America. [Great applause.]
"Faith is the essential of good govern
ment, but the Democratic party forfeited
the faith of those who once held to its doc
trines. Harrison left a full coffer; Cleve
land has depleted the treasury ana bur
dened us with a debt from under which
the American Nation is groaning, 'My
burden is greater than I can bear.' "
The Republican party, Mr. Knieht said,
believed in the free coinage of American
silver — the product oi American labor —
but it did not believe America should be
made the 'dumping-ground for Mexico and
other silver-producing countries.
BARHAM AT RED BLUFF.
Wit A Fireworks and Oratory the Repub
lican Campaign Is Opened.
RED BLUFF, Cal., Sept. 12.— The cam
paign ODened in a blaze of glory here
last night. Congressman Barham arrived
on the afternoon local train and was met
at the depot by enthusiastic supporters.
When nightfall came the air was illumined
by fireworks of all kinds. Then came the
first parade since the election ot Cleveland
and Geary. The Red Bluff brass band led
a long procession through the principal
streets, over 100 members of the McKinley
and Hobart Club being in uniform. Flam
beaux, torches and sky rockets illuminated
the line of march.
The pavilion was not large enough to
accommodate the crowds that gathered
there, and many went away disappointed,
because of their failure to gain admit
tance. General N. P. Chipman was intro
duced as chairman of the meeting. He
presented Congressman Barham, at the
mention of whose name the crowd went
wild.
When order was restored Judee Barham,
in a plain and patriotic speech, reviewed
the issues of the campaign, and gave a
brief account of his stewardship at Wash
ington. Colonel John H. Roberts, in his
inimitable style, added a few words for the
cause of McKinley, sound money, protec
tion and prosperity.
m
KILL TOTtS FOR McKINLEY.
Oregon Gold Democrats Xot Likely to
}*ame an l-.lectaral Ticket.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 12.— The gold
Democrats of this State are very much
perplexed over the question of placing a
State ticket in the field. Some favor such
a course, while others oppose it. It is
generally understood that an electoral
ticket is to be launched, though if the
sentiment expressed by their following in
this city is any criterion a great majority
of the Democrats in Washington are on
posed to the Chicago platform and nomi
nees, and will vote for McKinley.
"At the last moment," said Judge
Thomas Burke, a delegate to the Indian
apolis convention, but who did not at
tend, jn discussine the matter, "I shall
make up my mind as to the way in which
I can do Altg-id, Tillraan and Bryan the
most injury, and then vote accordingly.
My imnression now is that I shall vote
for McKinley."
BIGGS REPUBLICANS RALLY.
Son. a. J. Duckworth Advocates Protec
teetion and Sound Money.
BIGGS, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Republican
campaign opened here last night with an
vils, music and oratory. A large audience
preeted Hon. 8. J. Duckworth at the Town
Hall. He delivered a comprehensive ad
dress on the silver and tariff issues.
Every reference to protection and sound
money was heartily applauded. W. P.
Hammond, president of the Biggs Mc-
Kinley Club, presided. Music was sun
plied by the Bi!/g 3 brass band and the
McKinley Glee Club. Protection is the
supreme issue here, and more Republican
votes will be polled in November than
ever before.
Lake County .- onrentions.
LAKEPORT, Cal., Sept. 12.— Both the
Democratic and Populist conventions met
here to-day to nominate candidates for
Superior Judge and Supervisors. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
Democrats renominated R. W. Crump for
Superior Judge and the following for Su
pervisors: District No. 1, Fraufc H.
Smythe; District No. 4, J. J. Bruton; Dis
trict No. 5, Lewis Henderson. The con
ventions agreed to fuse on Senator and
Assemblymen, ihe Democrats to have the
Senator and the Popniists the Assembly
men. The Populists nominated R. J.
Hudson for Superior Judge and Porter
Ulendening for tuuervisor in District No.
4. The other candidates will be nominated
later. _
SAN JOSE GREETS SCOTT.
The Political Situation Revietvd Front a
Business Man* Standpoint.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 12.— Irving M.
Scott of the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco was given a rousing reception
this evening, when he addressed the ganta
Clara County Republican Club in Hales
Hall. Every seat in the hall was crowded,
and the speaker was repeatedly inter
rupted during his discourse by prolonged
applause.
The address was a calm review of the
political situation from the standpoint of
a business man and employer and friend
of labor, and was heartily appreciated by
his hearers. At the close of tlie meeting
three cheers were given for McKmiey ana
protection, quickly followed by three
cheers for Irving M. Scott.
EL DORADO NOMINEES.
County ticket Launched by Republicans
at Plaeerrille.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 12,-The
County Republican Convention to-day
adopted resolutions indorsing the Na
tional platform, favoring the encourage
ment of the miuing industries, declaring
for good roads and pledging aid to the
woman suffrage cause. The following
nominations were made: Superior Judge,
M. P. Bennett, incunibeni; Assembly
man, George H. Burnham of Placerville;
Supervisors — S. D. Salisbury. Warren
Crocker, F. M. Carson ; delegates to the
joint Senatorial convention — Ttiomas
Clark, B. L. Cope, P. B. Bierdatrup, W. C.
Green, F. Nichols, instructed to vote for
Hon. Charles A. Swisler, this city.
Ventura County Combine.
VENTURA, Cal,, Sept. 12.— After an
all-day wrangle the Democratic and Popu
list County Conventions voted for fusion
on the candidates for Superior Judge,
members of the Assembly for the Sixty
ninth District and member of the State
Senate for the Thirty-fifth District, which
includes Santa Barbara and Ventura coun
ties. The Democrats nominated W. K.
Shepherd for the Senate, Thomas O.
Toland for the Assembly and Emmet
Crane and F. Hart man for members of the
Board of Supervisors. The Populists
named H. L. Poplin for Superior Judge
and H. G. Sackett for Supervisor.
Santa Crux County Primaries.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Re
publican primaries to-day forecast the in
tense interest which will be taken in the
convention next Monday, and in the elec
tion next November. The center of inter
est was the vote for Superior Judgeship
j between Judge Logan and District Attor-
I ney Lindsay. The race for the nomina
tion was a hard-fought one, both contest
ants being well known and having strong
followings. Judge Logan received 211 and
j Lindsay 117 in the city boxes. The results
i in precincts are not yet known, but Logan
j is conceded the victory by over 200 votes.
Ticket Aatned at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 12. — The
IA. P. A. County Convention to-night
j made the following nominations: W. J.
I Goldsworthy, Twenty-fifth Assembly Dis
j trict; W. H. Briggs, Twenty-sixth As
sembly District; C. M. Small, Firat Super
visoral District; J. W. Bowers, Third
Supervisoral District. The nominee for
the Fifth Supervisoral District was passed
! and left to the committee, as was also the
■ indorsement of the Superior Judges to be
I named by the other political parties.
Butte County Populists.
OROVILLE, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Popu
list county convention assembled in
I Union Hall to-day. George Joffiies was
' chosen chairman and W. M. Regan secre
tary. A committee was appointed to con
fer with the Democratic party to ariange
for a county fusion. John Kuotwell of
Forbestown was nominated for Superior
j Judge; George Thresher of Gridley, As
jsemblyman; G. P. Ormsby, George Beik
I and J. Lewis, Supervisors for First, Third
I and Fourth districts, respectively.
Gait Republicans Organize.
GALT, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Republicans
of Gait have organized a McKinley club
and tormally opened the campaign.
Many Republicans who were for Bryan
two weeks ago joined the club and pledged
themselves to McKinley and protection.
Bryanism and the silver sentiment is giv
ing way to second sober thought in the
rural districts, and old Republicans are
falling into line. J. J. Campbell was
elected president of the club and John
Bre wster s? cretary.
StcCord Xatned at Tulare.
TULARE, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Repub
lican joint Assembly convention to nomi
nate a candidate for the Sixty-fourth As
sembly District met hera to-day. George
McCord of Hanford wan nominated on the
first ballot. In the convention were seven
i delegates from Kines County and six
j from Tulare. Resolutions indorsing the
public record of Senator Georee C. Perkins
and Representative W. W. Bowers were
I passed.
•
Talks to Sonora Voter*.
SONORA, Cal., Bept. 12.— Judge Swin
nerton addressed an immense and en
thusiastic audience in Opera Hall here, to
night. Long before 8 o'clock the hall was
crowded with citizens from all parts of the
county. In his address the Judge touched
on the issues of the day in a masterly and
instructive manner, and was frequently
compelled to desist from speaking until
quiet had been restored.
Democratic Rally at Modesto.
MODESTO A, Cal., geDt.Jl2.— The Demo
cratic campaign for Bryan and Sewall wan
opened here to-night by F. D. Nicol of
Stockton. Nicol was greeted with enthu
siastic applause at every pause or point.
He confined his discussion entirely to the
silver issue. Mayor Carlson of San Diego,
independent candidate for Congress in the
Seventh District, addressed a street meet
ing early in the evening.
Colonel Eddy at Ororille.
OROVILLE, Cal., Sept. 12.— Colonel T.
V. Eddy of San Francisco and Mrs. Gen
eral John Bid weil of Chico addressed the
citizens of Oroville last evening. Colonel
Eddy discussed the Republican platform.
Mr 6. Bidwell spoke on woman suffrage aud
was frequently cheered.
McKirilay lalk* at Merced.
MERCED, Cal., Sept. 12.— A Repub
lican rally was held this evening in Agri
cultural Pavilion. D. McKinlay, Presi
dential elector, was the principal speaker
and enlisted the undivided attention of a
large and intelligent audience.
Pacheco nt Santa Barbara.
SA.NTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 12.—
Ex-Governor Pacheco has arrived in Santa
Barbara, and is besieged by callers, scores
of oid friends hastening to greet him. On
the 15th inst. he will address a McKinley
meeting at the opera-house.
Tolo Conventions Called.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— The
Democratic County Central Committee
to-day issued a call for a County Conven
tion to be held on September 21. The
Populists will hold their convention on
the link.
CHRISTIANS PLAN
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Annual Conference of the
Methodists Drawing to
a Close.
TRANSFERS OF PASTORS.
Drs. Filben and Goodwin of San
Francisco Will Enter New
Fields.
OTHER CHANGES IN PROSPECT.
Presiding Elder Willis to Be Taken
From Napa District— Women
Are Admitted.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 12.— As
the end of the Caliiornia Methodist Con
ference draws near interest begins to cen
ter in tie appointments to be mnde on the
evening of the last day (next Monday) to
pastorates for the next conference year.
Ministers want to know whether they will
remain where they are; or if they are
going — where? Bishop Foss has already
established the reputation of keeping this
very interesting and important informa
tion closer to himself than any other
Bishop the conference lias had in many
years; but it seems impossible to keep this
news entirely with the cabinet behind
locked doors, and the following reliable
information has come into the possession
of Ihe Call correspondent:
Rev. Dr. W. R. Goodwin of the Califor
nia-street Methodist Church, San Fran
cisco, will not ba returned. He will be
transferred to the Southern California
Conference, which meets next month, and
will have an appointment in the southern
part of the State. The charge pleases
him, as he feels the necessity of going
south on account of his health. Dr. Good
win's successor of the California-street
church will in all probability be Rev. Dr.
Phelps, at present of San Luis Obispo.
That is the slate now.
It has also come to pass that Rev. Alfred
Knmmer will be sent back to the First
Methodist Church, Oakland, for another
year. Rev. Dr. Dille's parishouers of the
Central Methodist Church, San Francisco,
will be pleased to learn that he will be
returned to them.
Presiding Elder E. R. Willis is slated to
be taken off the Napa district, but what
charge he will have is not yet finally de
termined. The question arises: Who will
be his successor as presiding elder and
adviser of the Bishop and member of his
cabinet? That is not yet finally fixed.
There are several candidates for the ap
pointment, the most prominent being Rev. !
Dr. Thomas Filben of the First Methodist ,
Church, San Francisco and Rev. Dr. W.
W. Case of the Howard-street Methodist |
Church, San Francisco- It is said Presid
ing Elder Willis prefers some other field
of work on account of his health. Dr.
Fiiben will not be returned to the First
Church.
The most important business transacted
by the conference at the morning session, |
Bishop Foss presiding, was the vute on j
and some discussion of the questions of j
admitting women to the general confer- j
ence and of equal lay and ministerial rep- '
resentation in the general conference. \
The discussion was on the question of a i
secret ballot, and a large majority finally j
voted to stand up and be counted. The I
vote was as follows: For women 27, I
against 2o; for equal representation 101,
against 47.
These are constitutional questions and
it requires a three-fourths vote of those
present and voting to amend the constitu
tion. According to this, women are ad
mitted to the general conference, but
equal lay and ministerial representation I
did not carry in the California conference.
Every Methodist conference in the coun
try must vote on these propositions.
The young ministers declared eligible
for ordination are H. F. Briggs. G. M.
Richmond, W. T. Kurnow,« Tokutaro
Nakama ar.d Joseph Long. G. W. Beat tie
was continued in his fourth year's studies.
George C. King and Thomas Nicholas
were admitted to full membership and
elected to the deacons' order. W. F.
McClure, John F. Williams and J. C. Bol
ster were continued on trial.
Rev. Dr. Thomas Filben, pastor of the
First Methodist Church, San Francisco, is
secretary of the board of trustees of the
University of the Pacific. He reported to
the conference that the reports from the
university showed a successful year and
said further that the opening of the pres
ent year was the most prosperous for many
years, 210 students having already en
rolled. Chancellor F. F. Jewell has re
tired from his office, and all of the affairs
of the university were put into the hands
of the president". Dr. EH McClish. About
$25,0C0 of the $50,000 subscription raised by
Chancellor Jewell was reported paid.
Chancellor Jewell will return to the min
istry.
Jere Leiter 6f San Jose was elected
treasurer in place of H. McChesney, re
signed. The property of the university
left in the hands of the trustees by the
closing of Napa College is being rapidly
disposed of.
The following officers of the Fr*d Finch
Orphanage at Diamond, Alameda County,
were elected, toeetner with the board of
directors and the advisory board : Rev.
R. Bciulev, D.D., president; Rev. S. J.
Carroll, D.D., first vice-president; Rev. F.
D. liovard. D.D., second vice-president;
Mrs. G. Watterson, Alameda, secretary;
Mrs. C. C. Lombard, Sust Oakland, corre
sponding secretary ; I. J. Truman, Mills
building, San Francisco, treasurer.
An afternoon session wis held for the
first time during the session, Bishop Foss
presiding. Presiding Elder Gustafsen of
the Swedish district reported $5990 benevo
lence during the year, and he said he had
traveled 6000 miles. Presiding Elder Har
ris of the Japanese district, which em
braces the Hawaiian Islands, reported
130 church members on the islands
and 49 converts, and $440 raised for charity.
He reported in all 700 converts, 198 bap
tisms and $6500 contributions.
The annuity fund for conference claim
ants will be made up of $1500 of the book
concern dividend, all mon ys from the
Laymen's Relief Association and the pro
ceeds of ministerial assessments.
This evening the Ladies' Aid Society
gave a reception in the parlors of El
Carraelo Hotel to the wives of the min
isters.
Resolutions hailing with satisfaction the
proposed establishment of an interna
tional high court of arbitration for the
settlement ot differences between the
United States and Great Britain were
adopted by the Lay Association.
At 5 o'clock in the afternoon Rev. P. G.
Buchanan of Berkeley, who has been in
the ministry fifty years, preached a semi
century sermon.
At the annual meeting this afternoon of
the Conference Ladies' Aid Society reports
from fifty-seven societies showed (hat |
$11,295 had been raised during the year, j
These officers were elected: President,!
Mrs, M. D. Buck; secretary and treasurer, I
Mrs. S. J. Harding Jr.: vice-presidents — 1
Napa district, Mrs. S. E. Holden ; Oaklana J
district, Mrs. H. A. Grant; Sacramento
district, Mrs. Esther Scott; San Francisco
district, Mrs. William Abbott.
Educational work was the subject of
consideration at an evening meeting in
connection witn the Metnodist church
and the University of the Pacific. I. J.
Truman of San Francisco presided. S. E.
Holden spoke with nraise of the work of
Chancellor F. F. Jewell in raising $50,000
in subscriptions for that university. The
principal practical and profitable address
was delivered by Dr. McCiish, president of
the university. In response to appeals
from Mrs. Kingsburg of the college faculty
and Rev. Dr. Dille of San Francisco, about i
$500 was contributed toward the university
debt of $20,000.
PERKIAS AT PLACERVILLE.
Republican* of El Dorado County Ad
dressed by the Senator.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 12.— The
booming of cannon and the strains of a
brass band greeted Senator Perkins on bis
arrival to open the Republican campaign
in this section to-night. There was a
great outpouring of people. The local
McKinley and Hobart Clnb, enforced by
clubs from other parts of the county, at
tended in force. Hon. C. A. Swisler, H. E.
Picket, F, tfarss, W. H. Newell, George H.
Burnham and others occupied places on
the platform.
Hon. C. A. Swisler presided and after
an opening speech introduced the Rev.
Anra Shaw, whose remarks were atten
tively listened to. She spoke of the law
giving suffrage to women in Wyoming,
and of the history of efforts made in sev-
eral States In behalf of the measure. She
commended the action of the county con
vention here to-day, though the speaker
said she was not Republican, Democrat, I
Populist or Prohibitionist, but only a
woman representing the class whose silent
influence was for the welfare of the home
and the Nation.
She said what affected the household
and brought evil to the home, woman
suffered. Women comprehended the hard
times as men did, and if women were
given a vole they would labor for good j
times for the opening of the mills. She i
concluded by pleading with voters to cast :
their ballots in accord with the State plat
form.
Senator Perkins was next introduced
and was loudly chepred. His opening re- i
marks were in favor of the sixth amend- \
ment, treating of woman's refining in- I
fluence in society. El Dorado County, her !
miners and mining interests received due i
notice, particularly the pioneer miner and j
the hardships he endured.
Senator Perkins' speech was conciliatory
to political opponents, yet he showed up ',
the work of the Democratic party as it
came under his observation during his ;
term in the Senate. His word picture of
the mills closed, the spind!es stopped, the ;
furnace fires extinguished, was wen drawn
and his illustrations apt. He dealt with
facts an presented in the records of the
Democratic party, the general consterna
tion throughout the country and the :
injury done to the country and to Cali- i
fornia in particular by placine upon the
free list cinnabar, quicksilver, the grape
and the orange. He expressed his belief in
America for Americans and home markets
for American people.
The lallacif s of the Bryan silverites and
the free-coinage measures advocated by ;
the Democratic platiorm were explained
at great length. The interests of tlie |
workingman were loeicaily shown to I
point to his alliance of the Republican
party. His eulogy of the dignity olAmer- !
ican citizenship in its highest type, the
dignity of the American workingman, was
given in a patriotic vein. He advocated
tue election of the Republican county and
Congressional ticket, and appealed strongly
to the first voter to come to the party of
Lincoln, the party of the people, the party
whose standard-bearer to-day was> the
gallant soldier, the patriotic citizen, the
man ol the people, the valiant Governor of
•' great State, the able Congressman for
many years — William McKinley of Ohio,
... i , „*,., — s
Stanford's Bryan Club
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
12. — The Bryanites have finally arranged
to get enough supporters together here to
form a club. The first meeting was held
last night. Eiias '99 was chairman and
be, with two or three others, addressed
the few unterrified who constitute the
club. The Bryan supporters are anxious
to arrange for a joint debate with the Mc-
Kinley partisans, and the affair is likely
to be of considerable interest, ii the plans
can be carried out, both sides having good
speakers.
♦
Colfax Republicans Organize,
COLFAX, Cal., Sept. 12.— A McKinley
and Hobart Clnb was organized here last
night with a large number of active mem
bers. Much campaign literature has been
obtained and a complete outfit of uni
forms and torches ordered. The members
are enthusiastic and their fight for patriot
ism, protection and prosperity will be
such as was never before made by a po
litical club at this place.
Speech to Wheatland Hop-Pickers.
WHEATLAND, Cal., Sept 12.—Be
neath a stage festooned with hop vines
and bunting, Hon. S. J. Duckworth ad- j
dressed several hundred hop-pickers to
night. The speaker poured hot shot into \
the claims of Bryan. After the speakins !
a larpe McKinlev and Hobart club was .
organized.
Redding Republican Rally.
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 12.— Hon. J. A.
Barham, Republican nominee for Congress :
in this district, and Colonel J. H. Roberts
of Sacramento addressed a large and en
thusiastic audience at the Armory Hall
this evening on the issues of the day.
UKIAH'S OBJECT LESSON,
Two Large Sheep Ranches Sold
Under the Sheriffs
Hammer.
Property Lost to the Owners Becaus;
of the Gorman-Wilson
Act.
URIAH, Cal., Sept. 12.— example of j
what a Democratic tariff has done for the j
wool-growers of this county was given to- j
day, when one of the largest sheep ranches
in Mendocino was sold at Sheriff's sale,
under foreclosure. The Wheelbarrow
ranch, situated near Wiilits, twenty miles
north of here, owned by Archie "White- j
horn and the estate of : Philip Upp. and j
comprising over 2000 . acres of .' the .finest j
ranee ] land in this section, was sold for ''
$3000.; Whitehorn & Upp, the owners of j
j the ranch, became financially embarrassed j
when the price of wool fell and they have i
now been forced to lose their sheep ranee
and 200 acres of farming land in th« Little
LaKe Valley, which was also sold by the
Sheriff under the same foreclosure.
The ranch of William K. Lee, near
Yorkvilie, was sold under foreclosure to
j day for $8000,' the amount due on a mort
gage. The ranch comprises 1700 acres. It
was bid in by Elizabeth A. iiiDberd. the
mortgagee.
. Before the Wilson-Gorman bill went into
effect these ranches . were employing a
number of men, paying good dividends
and were valuable properties. ' ,
.•-•■.' . ♦ • ..
Two Failure* at Nap*.
NAPA. Cal., Bept. 12.— A. M. Boggs, a
butcher, has made an assignment for the
benefit of creditors. His liabilities are
|4000; assets $1800. The Superior Court
lias been petitioned by the creditors of A.
Irwin, a grocer, to declare him insolvent.
His liabilities are $3000.
CUBES , A MAN WHO IS IN . NEED
■"- of something to -build him
CURES -U P and give him vim and vigor
>■■;;:.;! naturally . seeks that which
CUBES others have used and have v
CURBS used
™ SUCCESSFULLY!
CURES
CUKES WHY 4 ?
CUBES T ▼ 1 1 I •
i .' ■
CUBES
. Because he cannot ! afford to
make experiments; he has
CUBES neea of his abilities, and wants
to me his abilities as soon as
CUBES possible.
— 2000
CURES
Men have testified to the great
CUKES sustaining merits of a remedy
treatment which these 2000
men have used to their great
CURES advantage. This remedy is
the
CURES
CURES . f)i I
- Great
CURES
= Hudyan!
CURES **
CURES It is t0 be had only from the
skilled doctors who created it.
CURES No one else can give you Hud-
yan except the Hudson Mcdi"
CUBE i cal Doctors, and these doctors
can be seen or written to, just
CURES as y° a desire. Hudyan can be
used in such cases when the
following symptoms are
■CURBS ghown .
CURES Debility,
CURES Palpitation,
Clutching*,
CUBES Melancholy spells,
Tired feelings,
CURES Restlessness,
Giddiness,
CURES Dullness,
Headache,
- Trembling,
CUBES Sleeplessness,
Horrible dreams,
CURES Languidness,
Epermatorrhea,
CURES Falling sensations
Constipation, . t
rrrßwa Nervous debility,
CUBES Loss of power,
Loss of strength,
CUBES Lack of energy,
Twitch ings.
When in the above condition consult
the doctors or write for
> . ..HUDYAN CIRCULARS
.. .  : FREE. . .
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
KIDNEYS Many men lead rapid lives
•,_ and subject themselves to such
KIDNEYS baneful practices that their
_ ._,... kidneys are almost used up. ,
KIDNEYS These are a few of the effects
of wasted kidney*:
KIDNEYS Great weakness. thirst, j
. • ;•: ". emaciation, specific gravity |
KIDNEYS high, bilious attacks, crumps,
neuralgia oalns, sudden sweats.
KIDNEYS fanureof vision, catarrh. mouth
_ • dry. tongue coated, gums sore
KIDNEYS and bleed easily, appetite
variable, flatulence, constlpa-
KIDNEYS tlon or diarrhoea, stcln dry and
yellowish, bolls, carbuncles.
KIDNEYS eczema and Itchlngs, swelling
,r,~ <, of lower extremities, loss of
KIDNEYS flesh.
If you want to learn all about
KIDNEYS your kidneys write for the
book. "A Knowledge of
. KII>NE?S Kidneys."
Hudyac is the Great Remedy. It
makes man.
CIRCULARS FREE.
ECZEMA Comes with extreme Irrita-
tion and watery plmoles. Just
ECZEMA scon as your skin becomes
dry aDd parched and Itchy just.
ECZEMA so soon mast you help yourself.
You will notice small pimples
ECZEMA with a watery fluid in spots or
over the body.
ECZEMA If you are suffering from
Eczema learn all about Its care
ECZEMA and cure. Call or Write for
Ec£enia Book. Call or write to
ECZEMA the Great Hudson Doctors. •
Write to-day.
HUDYAN CnHKS
NKRVOUS DEBILITY '
Testimonials will be sent free
Call or write for them.
CATARRH Is curable, but it must be
C4TARRH tak<m in time You will
know how bad your case
CATABHH is when you cneck oft
CATARRH «>«e symptoms:
. "Ib the breath foul?"
CATARRH "Is the voice husky?"
CATARRH " °you spH up slime?"
•'Do you ache all over?"
CATARRH "Do you blow out scabs?"
• CATARRH " l9t ! nose stopped up?"
"Do you snore at night?"
CATARRH "Does your nose dis-
■ CATARRH C^" ge7 "\:- :
"Does the nose bleed
CATARRH easily?" .
CATARRH , " Is there ticklin * in the
throat?" .
CATARRH "Do crusts form In the
CATARRH n0S T " '-.'■.
"Is the nose sore and
CATARRH tender?"
' CATARRH d ; a^, y ° a ' neeZe a gtW ]
CATARRH "Does the nose itch and
burn?"
. CATARRH ! . , Ig there paln lQ front of
CATARRH bead?"
"Is there pain across the
CATARRH eyes?"
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS.
"Is there pain in back of
CATARRH head? .. . :
CATARRH "Is your sense of smell
CATARRH leaVing?>> .
„,_.,.„_ " Do yon hawk to clear
CATARRH the throat?"
CATARRH "Is there a dropping in
CATARRH throat?"
CATARRH l 8 the throat dry
CATARRH morning?" , . , ;
catarrh "Do you aleep with the
CATARRH mouth t.
CATARRH "Are you losing your
sense of taste?"
CATARRH ,, DoeB , he noge Btop up
CATARRH toward night?"
If you are suffering from
CATARRH Catarrh write lor
CATARRHAL BOOK
.FREE.
Hudyan cures Blues, Melancholia, Loss
of Appetite, Completes Man. '
CIRCULARS FREE.
TAINTED BLOOD
BLOOD POISON.
30-DAY CURE First. Secondary
30-DAY CURE ZfiS^SZfSft"
30-DAY CURE ?e U S r t cce cd blO b O /c^o e p^ a e n r 1 :
30-DAY CURE EfSrtrli'S-
-30-DAY CURE Jis SThYi? a^tn'e
,_ t^a-o- _.„ other symptoms of a
30-DAY CURE contracted disease
30-DAY CUR K qutc\ Sh °a a n d d Be f. k st^
30-DAY CURE readily \°u%<l* n You
30-DAY CURE %£.&£?&*%
. . the old doctors of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
: 30-DAY CURE CIRCULARS :
: FRcE. :
Hudyan Is the Remedy Treatment
created by the entire medical brains of
the staff of doctors of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
1 ' — —
HUDYAN CIRCULARS
FREE.
DYSPEPSIA :'| If you are a victim of a
DYSPEPSIA "tad stomach" you can
DYSPEPSIA be cured. These are the
symptoms:
DYSPEPSIA "is there nausea
"Are you costive?"
DYSPEPSIA "Is there vomiting?"
"Are you lighthead-
DYSPEPSIA ed?"
DYSPEPSIA gas?? you belch up
DYSPEPSIA gas?"
DYSPEPSIA "Is your tongue coat-
DYSPEPSIA ed?"
DYSPEPSIA "Do you hawk and
DYSPEPSIA spit"'
DYSPEPSIA, brashr' 7 ° U WatM
DYSPEPSIA eat&r 1 ? 6 " Paln *"
DYSPEPSIA "Are you nervous and
DYSPEPSIA weak?"
DYSPEPSIA "Do you have sick
DYSPEPSIA headaches?"
DYSPEPSIA "Do you bloat up after
DYSPEPSIA eating?" P
DYSPEPSIA br'eakfas"' dlS^t for
DYSPEPSIA wilhV^eV 11 fi " ed
DYSPEPSIA af'^r^tinl?.? dlStre "
DYSPEPSIA dia?rh^' attllneShaVe
DYSPEPSIA toVhVhelaf? 811 ° f ° Oa
'-«_-. "Is there constant bad '
DYSPEPSIA taste in the mouth?"
"Is there gnawing gen-
DYSPEPSIA sation in stomach?"
"Do you feel as if. you
DYSPEPSIA had lead in stomach?'
"When you get up sud-
DYS FEPSIA denly are you dizzy?"
"When your stomach
DYSPEPSIA is empty do you feel
faint?"
DYSPEPSIA "Do you belch up ma-
DYSPEPSIA terial that burns the
DYSPEPSIA throat?"
"When the stomach Is
DYSPEPSIA full do you fe*l op-
pressed?"
DYSPEPSIA .
Write for
"DYSPEPSIA BOOK." ~~
HUJSOH MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Cor. Market and Ellis Sts.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Hudyan cures Nervousness, Debility
and stops wastes.
CIRCULARS FREE.
CALL OR WRITE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton and Market Sts.
LIVER When your liver is disordered
you will notice the following
LITER symptoms:
"Are you irritable?" "
LIVER "Are you nervous?"
"Do you get dizzy?"
LIVER "Have you no energy?"
"Is your memory poor?"
LITER "Do you feel miserable?"
"Do you have cold feet?"
LIVER "Do you get tired easily r*
"Do you have hot flushes?"
LITER "Is your eyesight blurred?"
■ "Can't you explain where?"
LIVER "Have you pain in the back?"
"Is ■■ your flesh soft and
LITER flabby?" , .
"Are your spirits low at
LITER times?"
* v "Is there a bloating after eat-
LITER ing?"
"Have you pains around the
LITER loins?"
"Do you have gurgling in
LIVER bowels?"
"Do you have rumbling In
LITER bowels?"
"Ib there throbbing in the
LITER stomach?"
"Do you suffer from pains in
LIVER the temples?"
"Do you have sense of heat in
LIVER bowels?"
"Do you have palpitation of
LIVER the heart?"
■ "Is there a general feeling of
-LITER lassitude?"
"Do these feelings affect your
LIVER memory?"
HUDYAN CURES LIVER DEBILITY.
When you are suffering from a Liver
Trouble you should use the Remedy
Treatment—
HUDYAN.
Call or write for circulars.TACOMA'S PRINCE
NOW A TRAMP
Ex- City Treasurer Boggs
Arrives at Spokane
Penniless.
OFFERED MENIAL WORK
Presides Behind a Free-Lunch
Counter Until His Identity
Is Learned.
BTARED AT BY THE CURIOUS.
Downfall of a Mm Who Stole One
Hundred Thousand Dollars From
the Northern City.
PORTLAND, Ok., Sept. 12.—Ex-Treas
urer George W. Boggs of Tacoma, says a
Spokane correspondent, tne man who
handled hundreds of thousands of dollars
of the people's money (SIOO,OOO of which
Btnck to hia fingers) and who for several
yean* lived in luxury from his pilferines;
the man once looked up to and respected
in the cay, occupied the menial position
of waiter behind the lunch-counter of the
Farmers' Home saloon in this city fora
while to-day.
Bofjgs arrived in the city front Tacoma
yesterday, penniless and hungry. He said
he could find no one to give him employ
ment in the city where for years he was
honored, and so he came to Spokane to
try his luck. He tramped the city in vain
yesterday and this morning in seaith of
work. At noon he wearily dropped into a
chair at the Farmers' Home saloon to
rest. He engaged the proprietor in con
versation and begged him to give him
lome employment, no matter what it was.
Struck with pity for the hungry stranger
the proprietor set him to work behind the
free-lunch counter at wages of $10 a week-
Boseb had not been at work an hour be
fore he was recognized by several citizens.
The result was that hundreds flocked to
the saloon to see the once higl; official
presiding at so menial a task. Boggs
could not long face the ordeal and re
signed his position after a few hours.
Bogps was convicted of embezzlement of
Tacoma city funds, and is out on $10,000
bonds, pending an appeal of his case to
the Supreme Court.
EL DORADO'S TOLL ROAD
Fnest Highway in the World
Owned by the State of
California.
Governor Budd Advocates a Small
Expenditure of Money for Its
Improvement.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Sept. 12.— "With
the expenditure of but a comparatively
small .-urn of money the State of Califor
nia will be possessed of one of the finest
roads in the world, and in saying this I
do not tar even the great highways of
Europe," said Governor Budd shortly
after his return fiom his horseback trip
from Placerville to Lake Tahoe.
"This road," he continued, "was origi
nally a toll road, built during the early
days of the gold excitement, and at that
time was more extensively traveled than
any other wagon road in the United
States. Eventually it reverted to the
State, and for years past has been shame
fully neglected, although the travel over
it every summer is still enormous, as it
leads through some of tne most beautiful
Bcenery of that home of magnificent nat
ural views — the Sierras — and is also the !
thoroughfare of the immense dairy inter
est of this and adjoining counties. In
point of natural scenery there are views I
along this road that are worthy the brush
of a master. Especially is this true in
that portion of tne road which leads in a
winding and gradual descent down the
mountain from what is known as the Pa
cific House to the crossing of the Ameri
can River at Moores Bridge. This section ■
is as smooth as a billiard-table, and after
passing through a forest of huge moun
tain pines, spruce and firs is bordered on
one side by groves of maple, while from
the overhanging banks on the opposite
side the dense mass of hazei brush affords
a shade that is rarely penetrated by the
rays of the sun.
"At almost every turn of the road a coo!
mountain spring trickles from the rocks,
the water being almost too cold to be I
drunk unless allowed to stand awhile. In
one place a smail stream of water falls
straight down the overhanging mountain, j
and, striking on tbe projecting layers' of ■
stone, bursts_ into a cloud of spray, which
bas caused it to be most appropriately
named the Bridal Wil. To tne lett, one
can look down over a thousand feet into
the canyon of the American River and see
the water dashed into a mass of white foam
against the bowlders which line its chan
nel; and in the distance can be seen the
snow-capped mountains, whose summits
show in striking contrast against the miles
on miles of forest-clad foothills. The s<-ene
from one particular point at this place is
grand beyond description.
"For several miles after leaving the top
of tbe grade above Placervilie— in fact for
some distance beyond what is known as
Sportsmen's Hall— the road should be
sprinkled, as I understand it was in its
earlier dajs. The cost of this would be
merely nominal, as tbere is plenty of
water in tbe vicinity."
♦ ■
f,OAFLAGRTION AT CHICO.
Firetnm I'reventtd by an Ordinance
From Fighting a Blaze.
CHICO, Cal., Sept. 12.— Fire yesterday
afternoon about 6 o'clock destroyed a
pianing-mill and machinery, three dwell
ing-house and a burn, all belonging to F.
J. KeJlar. The buildings were situated
west of town, just outside of the fire limits,
and for this reason the lire companies were
not allowed to turn water from hose on to
the buildings. An ordinance prohibits the
use of fire apparatus outside of the fire
limits. Besides the building a lot of lum
ber and shinties were destroyed. The
loss is between $4000 and $5000. There was
insurance on only a portion of the burned
buildings, amounting to $1100. The tire
started from a furnace, a spark catching
in shavings near by.
WKKhMU CHURCH UESTROTEU.
Fire Robs a Congregation of It* House
of H or ship.
FRESNO. Cal., Sept. 12.— The Presby
terian Church, located at tbe corner of X
and Merced streets, was destroyed by fire
to-night. It was one of the finest houses
of worship in the city, built in 1889, at a
cost of about $10,000. Within the edifice
was a pipe organ, the finest between Sau
Francisco and Los Angeles, which was do
nated by the late J. H. Hamilton and cost
$2500. The insurance amounts to $4800.
Wnen the department had about sub
dued the fire to-night a suspicious char
acter was seen striking a match back of
tbe Metnodist Episcopal Church on the
corner opposite tbe scene of the fire. He
was caught by the pastor, Rev. D. H. Gil
lan, and upon being questioned acted very
strangely. He broke loose and ran away
before an officer could be called.
LOS ANGELES WINS.
"Examiner" Baseball Trophy Goe* to
the Tuftn-Li/ons Arm* (ompany.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 12.— The
Examiner's baseball trophy contest at
Athletic Part to-day drew an immense
crowd. The first game was between the
San Luis Obispos and the Saticoys, with
the former at the bat. The game was
won by the San Luis Obispos by the score
of Bto 7. The second game was between
the Tufts-Lyons Arms Comnany of this
city and the San Diegos, the former win
ning tbe game and a t>lace in tbe finals
easily. The third game was between t c
crack Alerts of Alameda and the San Luis
Or>ispoß. After five innings the score
stood 23 to 2 in favor of the Alerts. This
ended the game.
The fourth and final game of the State
series was between the Tufts-Lyons and
the Alerts. Intense interest was taken in
the game. Professional ball was played
from the start, the hitting being mag
nificent. The. home team pounded Me-
Kee, "the pride of the bay counties," all
over the field. Tyler and Whaling coached
the home team and Carl Tufts captained
it. The Alerts soon became weak, went to
pieces and lost the game by a score of 14
to 1. Nothing is too good for the home
team in this city to-night.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY FAIR
Attractive Features Arranged
for the Exposition at
San Jose.
Fruit and Wine Will Be Displayed in
Abundance— Eatertainm nt for
Visitors
SAN JOSE, Cal., Bept. 12.— The prepara
tions that have been in progresss for seve
ral weeks past for a county fair are
j destined to result in tbe greatest fair ever
held in this county. Tbe idea originated
with the Board of Trade, which is com
\ posed of the most progressive citizens in
I this section, and they have been pecu
i liarly fortunate in their selection of an ex
! ecutive committee for promoting the fair.
This committee consists of J A. Daroy
(chairman), one of tbe leaving real estate
iand insurance agents of this city; J. P.
| Fay (secretary). Major W. G. Hawley, L.
M. Hale. F. C. Ensign, W. W. Gillespie,
C. J. Steeple, all of whom are devoting a
great deal of time to perfecting plans.
The fair will open on September 28 and
continue one week, closing on October 3.
'Chairman C M. Hatcher of the committee
on entertainment presented a report at
the last meeting which promises attrac
tions for each afternoon and evening of
sucb a character as to insure a larze at
tendance. The fruit and wine displays
will be such as only a county of this rank
could present, and tbe arrangement of the
exhibit as planned is sure to be extremely
attractive.
Tne art display will be one of the most
complete ever shown here. There are
many private collections, which embrace
works of the most prominent artists in
this country and Europe, and these are
at the disposal of the committee. One
gentleman has promised his entire collec
tion of paintings for the exhibit. Sidney
Yard has a splendid collection of his own
works which will also be added.
There will be an electrical display. It is
proposed to reproduce tue electric tower,
the effect of which will be strikingly beau
tiful.
A band will supply music each day and
evening.
STATE TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION
Executive Cotntnxtte* Preparing for the
San Jose Convention.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 12.— The execu
tive committee of the State Teachers'
Association held a meeting this morning
in County Superintendent of Schools
Chipman's office making arrangements
for the annual convention ot tbe associa
tion which meets in this city December
28. The meetings of the association will
I continue three or four days. Professor J.
W. Linscott of Santa Cruz presided, and
Miss Ann Murphy of Sacramento acted
! as secretary. Others piesent were: Pro
fessors W. T. Hall of Berkeley, Earl Barnus
of Stanford, Clark of Santa Cruz, Randall,
Wilson, Addicott, Hough and Holloway
and Miss Cozzens of the Normal ; Profes
sors Russell, Smith, Bruch and Bland,
Mrs. Ollnder, Mrs. Potter and Messrs.
Carson, Lee and Suzzalo of this city.
Professors Wilson, Randall, Chipman
and Russell were appointed a local com
mittee on arrangements. They will select
a lady as a fifth member.
The question or hall facilities was
brougbt'irp. Normal Hall was offered for
the use of tbe convention, but this was
not considered large enough, and the
meetings will be held in the Carnival
Pavilion. Dr. Wilson, United States Com
missioner of Education at Washington,
D. ('., will be present and address the
meetings.
Nearly all tbe teachers in the State
belong to the association, and it, is be
lieved the attendance will be between
1500 and 2000.
Jacob Rich's Liabilities.
S&.N JOSE, Cal., Sept 12.— Gus Lion,
assignee of Jacob Rich, an insolvent
debtor, has petitioned the Superior Court
for an order to sell both real and personal
property of insolvent. Rich's liabilities
amount to $620,000. The assets consist of
a lar^e amount of real estate and personal
property, including stocks, bonds and
mortgages and more than equal the lia
bilities in value.
Robbed by footpads.
PAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 12.— George Ab
bott, who resides at Ffteenth and Jackson
streets, was held up and robbed near bis
home at a late hour last night by two
masked men. The robbers secured $3 50.
CAUGHT AT PORTLAND.
The Murderer of Graham. Cottandsr in
Chicago Sow in Custody.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 12.-George
Belts who, jointly with George E. Moore,
an ex-convict ot San Q.ientin, is awaiting
trial for tbe robbery of D. D. Oliphant &
Co. 's counting-room in July, proves to be
a murderer wanted in Cbicago, if the
Chicago Chief of Police is not mistaken in
his identification of Betts by means of a
photograph sent to him.
Superintendent of Police Fitzgerald of
Chicago has wired to Chief Minto that in
Bettd picture he identified a person known
in that City as William Ualpin, alias
John Bingham, who, in coilusion with
otners, murdered Graham follanrier there
on the night of November 7, 1894. There
is a reward for his apprehension. A cir
cular in the possession of the Portland
police briefly sets forth that the Collander
murder arose from political trouble.
The King of fill's v Beecham'M— Buccbam's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
TRACK ACCIDENT
AT SACRAMENTO
Jockey Cuddy's Mount Falls
With Him in the
Hurdle.
STRUCK BY SHARP HOOFS
Hs Suffers a Fracture of the
Skull Which May Cause
Death.
SIX FAVORITES ARE BEATEN.
Geyser Wins the Annual and Nebuch
adnezzar the Capital City
Stake.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept 12.-A
shadow of gloom was cast over the im
mense crowd that attended the races at
Agricultural Park to-day by a probably
fatal accident to the popular young
steeplechase rider. Frank Cuddy, who had
the mount on Huntsman, one of the
favorites in tbe betting for the hurdle
event, the last race of the day. The ac
cident occurred at the second jump, in
front of tbe grand stand. Gold Dust took
the obstacle first, followed by Zaragoza
and Huntsman. The latter horse, close at
the heels af the two leaders, did not raise,
but apparently waded through the hur
dles and fell, unseating Cuddy. One of
tbe other starters struck the fallen rider,
rolling him over on the track, and Uncle
Sam, immediately following, struck the
prostrate jockey with one of his fore hoofs
on the skull, back of the left ear. An ex
amination of the injury in the jockeys'
room showed the skull to be fractured, and
Cuddy was immediately conveyed to the
Railroad Hospital, where the operation of
trephining was performed, wun slight
hope of recovery.
Before becoming too heavy to ride on
tbe flat Cuddy rode for Orville Appleby,
the San Jose horseman, but for oome time
past has been in the employ of N. S. Hall.
Tne accident was deplored by horsemen
and track employes in general, with whom j
the injured jockey was very popular.
Six hot favorites were chalked up by the
pencilers, and these same six choices all
bit the dust at different time.-, causing the !
talent, which was out in full force, to weep
tears of bitter anguish. All sorts of shots
skipped past the delusive wire, from !
Geyser, a y to o second choice, to a rank j
outsider like La Flecha, a 20 to 1 chance.
Vincitor, Thelma, Nebuchadnezzar and j
Zaragoza also won at remunerative odds,
and altogether the betting public enjoyed
a most tickle and unhappy day.
The star feature of the big card was the
Capital City stake, a handicap, which re
sulted in the defeat of George Hose's
grand three-year-old Ruinart, which was
asked to pick up 115 pounds and give
away weight to some splendid perorrners.
He was downed by Nebuchadnezzar, the
sturdy little Brutus colt, only after a j
gruelling drive, and this after being cut
off in tiie stretch. Ruinart was a warm
choice in the betting, his price quickly be
ing swiped from 4 to stolto 2. Wneel of '
Fortune, packing 110 pounds was n xt in
demand at 2J^, wi'h the Boots pair, In
stallator and Nr buchadnezzar coupled,
third choice. Marcel was the outsider!
Narvaez on Instrllator went out and
made tbe running, leading his stable com
panion into the stretch for home by a balf
length, with the vVheel third and Ruinart
fourth. Below the furlong pole Ruinart,
next to the rail, closed up the gap between
himself and the leaders, and as the quartet
was strung across the track a. most on
equal terms, the result seemed a query.
The finish was the prettiest of ttie meet
ing. In the hardest kind of a drive, Mc-
Ciain got Nebuchadnezzar past the wire
a head before Ruinart, with Installa or at
the place horse's saddle girths. The mile
and a furlong was covered in 1:56^.
Wheel of Fortune was fourth, but a necs
back of Installator, showing commendable
work on the part of the nandicapper. Had
not Ruinart been cast off below the fur
long pole in attempting to come through
in tbe center of the track, the result might
have been different.
The California annual stake, valued at
$670, for two-year-olds, over six furlongs,
went to Geyser, a crippled son of Ben All
sporting George Rose's colors. There
were but six entries with tbe Elmwood
stock farm duo, The Roman and Hohen
zollern, going to the post favorites at 3 to
5 backed down from twos. Geyser, which
opened an even-money chanc-j, receded to
9to 5. Long odds were laid against the
other.".
True Blue, Hard Tack and Hohenzol
lern made the running to the stretch.
Hennessy on True Blue carried the last
named two youngsters out wide at the
turn. Freeman on Geyser slipped through
next to the rail, took the lead and in a
drive headed Hohenzollern out at tne end
by three parts of a length in I:ls}^. True
Blue was a good third.
George Rose's Miss Maggia M was an
even-money favorite for the opening six
furiong dash lor two-year-olas, but her
hard race the day previous evidently told
on her, for she was beat< n rather handily
by the 8 to 5 second cnoice, Vincitor.
Dolce was an ordinary third.
Eleven selling-platers started in a six
furlong scramble that followed. Caliente
of El Primero stable was a redhot 4 to 5
favorite and failed to get a mark. Thelma
an 8 to 1 outsider, cleverly ridden by
young Law, drew out of the bunch in the
last sixteenth and won easily by two
lengths from Ricardo. Mainstay, with
the false price of 100 to 1 against him,
headed the bunch into the stretcn, looking
all over a winner, finally winding up
third.
The fifth race of the day was also a six
furlong spin, with thirteen platers facing
the barrier. Carnation held sway in the
belting at 5 to 2, but could not get inside
the coin. Lutle Shepard, astride the 20 to
1 outsider La Flecha, came with a rush at
the finish and beat fcilver State, the sec
ond choice, out by two lengths. B.acche
Bates, a 30 to 1 shot, ran well, finishing a
good third.
TLe mile and three furlongs hurdle
event resulted in another big dump. J
O C and Huntsman both carried big
bundles of coin, either being held at 2 to 1
in the books. Zaragoza, backed from 12
down to 8 to 1, took the lead after taking
the third jump and won galloping in rec
ord time for tbe distance— 2:3s. Baby
Bill took the place from the third choice
Gold Dust «
Six furlongs, two-year-olds: purse $350.
Kirn wood farm's b. c. Vincitor. lu6, by Imp.
Brutus Mollle JI (Narvaez), 8 to 6 1
George Hose's b. f. Miss Majjgie M, 10a, by imp!
Midlothian-* ricitsey (i-rermau), even. 2
Pueblo stable's eh. f. Dolce, 110. by flambeau
imp. Janet N (McCilone). 12 to 1 3
Time. 1:16.
P F, Unit Boy, Billy Vice and The Plunger also
ran.
Six furlongs, selling; purse 400. *
Pueulo stab c's br. in. Thelma, 103, by John
liappv-Pansy (Lew), 8 to 1.. ....;. ~ ;. l
B. F. (.aip's eh. g. Ulcar.-10, 110, by Wild Idle-
Blue I'ounet (Shepard), 30 to \... ..:..;.;. ....;.' 2
A- lAnd Hay's cli. it. Mainstay, 114. by imp.
Muriuex-Queeo Emma (Daniels), 100 to 1 3
Time, 1:15. . .
Heartsease, Hymn, JSncino, Sea Spray, Callente
ana Hose Clark also tan.
THE EMPORIUM.
JhTc ™tute r h 7ocTof Grand Restaurant and 'Grill 'Room Now Open . .... . . > Popular Prices. c^^ t e h^ ofs k ofLac f
, r* * j di ittcd L.urtatns tnis zcetft. Not-
on CLpPltCJttOtl' ■ m - &- so
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 13, 1896.
Anrttfiitfvs* II m n^A /*%> •▼■onuay, Tuesday, Wednesday,
l/|it3iiiiiy UayS September 14, 15, 16.
/ The Fall Openings of the Grandest Shopping Place in the World commence this week. Will any woman
who can get here miss the most delightful exhibition of new merchandise that San Francisco has ever seen ?
The demand of the times is better goods for leff money. We rise to the occasion and at a single bound overshadow
and overcome all possible competition. OUR prices are unapproachable. OUR new stocks incomparable in
magnitude and qualities.
Millinery Opening. SSSfe.
Charming French Creations. Wednesday.
.^335^ A bewildering collection of beau-
fj^^i tiful Millinery for Fall and Winter
w* s^^* -^^v ear will be shown for the first
WnM''^Ml time to-morrow. Months of earnest
\^3J»^^l^^ail»fc work has been required to gather
W&mW?^\. together this mammoth stock,
£|?|^gy^-4^S\ which will eclipse anything ever
!^^^^lwil! shown in this city, and whose equal
i^^L^l^iC^cßßK can cn ' y be found in the largest
W^SfcgSj^Mßßfm fashion centers of the world. Models
i1!R(*lltellwffiil»Bl f rom these famous Parisian, London
IVgggffi {^JS^^m^ and New York milliners :
-^* HqysSamrs, Re'boux!
*&**s&s&&/ x^^^l Connelly, Mtne. Louise Mayer,
v^K Camille Roger, Francois.
jmFT ' ; p Be assured of getting the most
'roL -**■] :'. becoming styles here — high-class
• K^ " / goods combined with best work-
/^^ _ / manship at the most MODERATE
y"f H^"**" 5^ prices you have ever known. Par-
as l v :^ ticular attention is called to our
s >. I^«*^. lines of Trimmed Hats at
£. $7 and $9.
Dressmaking Opening y yeu ° ce n s d d a a y y
French Model Dresses. Wednesday
Don't fail to see the magnificent Parisian costumes for Fall and Winter
to 'be exhibited for the first time to-morrow. Wonderful creations for
Street Wear, Reception Dresses, Calling Costumes and "Chic" Tailor-
made Gowns. Models from such celebrated Parisian dressmakers as
Raudnitz, Worth, Felix, Pacquin, Doucet and Sara Meyer. Exact copies,
perfect fitting, beautifully made and finished under the supervision of our
famous Parisian dressmaker, at lower prices than any other first-class
modiste would charge.
Dress Goods Opening jS&
European and American Novelties. Wednesday
Never in the history of dry goods in San Francisco has there been
such a choice stock of Dress Goods exhibited in one store. . Just think of
1500 feet of shelving devoted to Dress Goods exclusively, to say nothing
of the immense reserve stocks, and every foot of that space occupied. We
guarantee the styles to be identical with those now being shown in Paris,
London and New York. It is an exhibition worth going many miles to
see. Ready to-morrow at 8 o'clock. Highest qualities, lowest prices.
SPECIAL IN NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS— 3B-inch Boucle
Plaids and Checks; 38-inch Fancy Tweeds and Tweed Checks; 41-inch
Cheviot Checks; 38-inch Melange Bourette in Brown, Navy, Myrtle,
Wine, etc.; 52-inch Jacquard Diagonal in all the new colorings; 38-inch
Armure Mohair Suitings. These fabrics strictly all wool ; cannot yfQ^
be duplicated at 65c a yard. Our beginning-of-the-season price Tr"C
50-inch Redfern Checks — The many new colorings include Marie
Louise Blue, Electric Blue, Moss Green, Reseda, Myrtle, Modore, etc.;
52-inch Bourette Striped Tweeds in all the new effects; 40-inch Mate-
lasse Reye, two-toned effects ; 48-inch two-toned Twine Cloth, and thirty
other novel Silk and Wool, All Wool and Mohair. Similar qualities
have always sold at $1.50 a yard. Our beginning-of-the-season <fci f\{\
p. ice $I.UU
NOVELTY SUIT PATTERNS— The largest variety ever imported
into this city. Every Suit shown is this season's purchase. They come
from the most renowned factories in France and Germany. The styles
we show are exclusive. You can obtain them nowhere else but at the
hitorium. °» >**«**» $6.00 to $58.00
New Fall Black Goods.
1500 feet of shelving given over to Black Dress Fabrics in the World's
Grandest Store. More kinds, more new styles than can be found in any
two stores in the city. The assortment in new Black Fabrics include
Moharane, Matelasse Jacquard effects, Lizard Broche, Satin Princess,
Raised Mohair effects, Woven Crepon effect, Scroll Patterns in many new
and novel weaves — all that is new and desirable. oj- f a C.A C(\
Our beginning-of-the-season price..- ODk, IO 4^ ■ •&"
Men's Stuttgart Underwear.
The complete Fall Stock of this famous and best Wool Underwear for
Men is ready. We are going to do something to set furnishers thinking.
Going to sell it just 10 per cent less than it has ever been sold for before,
that's all.
Single-front Shirts and Drawers, natural color, winter weight,
m^::::::::::::::::::::::.: $1.90 to $2.70
Usual Prices $2.25 to $3.50.
Double-front* Shirts and Drawers, natural color, winter weight, ioc
$2.70 to $3.50
Usual Prices $3.00 to $4.50.
Six furlongs, the California Annual stake; two
year-olds; value f«J7O.
George Kose's br. c Peyser, 113, by Ben All-Hot
sprltids (Freeman). 9 to 5 1
Elmwood fartnN b. c. Hohenzollern, 118, by Imp.
Kriuus-rirown Maria (Narvaez), 3to 5 2
Laun-lwocd stoct farm's eh. c. True Blue. 113,
by Duke of Norfolk-i armen (Hennessy), lOtol 3
Time. 1:15V4-
Hard Tack, The Romau and Dolore also ran.
One and an eighth miles, Cnpital City stake,
handicap: value $665.
Kirn wood farm's b. h. Nebuchadnezzar, 105, by
imp. Krutus-Oypsette (McQione), 5 10 1 1
George Hose's br. c. Kulimri, 116, by St. Carlo-
Queen Alta (Freeman), 1 to 2 a
Eimwood farms b. b. installator. 116, by imp.
Urutus-Installatlon (Nurvaez). 5 to 1 3
Time, 1:55 V*.
Wheel of Fortune and Marc ell also ran.
Six fur ongs, selling; purse $400.
Floodmore stable's eh. f. l.a Fleciiu, 99, by Flam
beau-Flam (Pay-Shepard), 20 to 1 1
William Thompson's b. m. Silver State. 106, by
imp. Cheviot -Be«ste shannon (Peoples), 4 to 1. 2
Laxe View stable's eh. f. Blanche Bates, 94, by
Wlid idle- Turban (McClain), 30 to 1 3
Time, 1:10)4.
Tied Idle, Favory, Torsion, Toby, Trappean
Carnation, Charles A, Warrago, Charlie Boots and
Tonlno also ran.
One mile and three- eighths, handicap, five hur
dles: purse (400.
Rey Alfonso stab'e's eh, c. Zaragoza, 120, by
imp. Cheviot-Bessie Hooter (seaman), Bto 1 1
W. spence's eh, g. Baby Bill, 123, by imo. Great
Tom-Casiilla (Moony ). 20 to 1 <j
Owens Bro*.' b. g Gold Dust, 186, by Orolooid
Cup (Stanford), 3 to 1 «
Time, 2:36. "
J O C, Uncle Sam, Huntsman, Robin Hood I and
Onti Ora also ran.
I.nrroxse at Stanforet.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
12.— Among its athletes Stanford possesses
several roocl lacrosse players and that
game may yet become a favorite for inter
collegiate contests. Effort is being made
to form a team here, and as there are sev
eral enthusiasts at Berkeley negotiations
THE EMPORIUM.
are b ing considered for bringing about a
contest between teams representing the
two colleges.
TWO BORSES MUN AT DICE.
A. B. Spreekelu, Acquires Cheap iAddi
tion m to Hi* String.,
SACRAMENTO; Cal., Sept. 12— A lit
tle good-natured ' bantering in front of the
Golden Eagle' Hotel to-night between
three turfmen resulted in one of them — A.
B. Spreckels, president of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club — getting two very
cheap additions to his already big string.
Joe . Nolan, a young San Franciscan
with a love for the thoroughbred, was the
possessor of P F, one of the starters in the
opening race here to-day. Mr. Nolan bet
quite a chunk of coin on the youngster,
and somewhat disappointed at the show
ing he made in failing to get a mark was
in the mood to-night to sell : horseflesh at
a discount. In an unlucky moment be
met genial John Mackey, manager of
Rancbo del Paso, and offered to sell him
the two-year-old. Always on the qni vive
for bargains, and with a merry twinkle in
bis eye, Mackey said : . - \
"Well, I won't buy him, but I'll tell you
what I'll do. We'll just go . in to the bar
and I'll shake you dice to see whether you
take Torsion or I get P F." /...,. .
Mr. Spreckels here chimed in that be
had in his barn Captain Skedance, that he
did not value at a fortune, and asked to
be let into the pot The others acquiesced,
and young Mr. Nolan started the* ball
rolling oy turning out a pair of sizes. Mr.
Spreckels saw him one better by turning
the box over and showing three-trays.
John Mackey told j a short fanny story
and, with a peculiar twist, poured tha
THE EMPORIUM.
Suit and Cloak Open'g MS.
Opening of Fall Styles. Wednesday.
RICH MANTLES and CAPES, ELEGANT DRESSES and Imported
CLOAKS and JACKETS. More than 1000 new Fall and Winter ready-
to-wear garments await your inspection and verdict to-morrow.
We believe this to be the finest collection of Women's Outer Gar-
ments ever exhibited in this city. As a special inducement for early
Fall trading we make the following offerings :
Ladies' New Box Fly Front and Tight Fitting Jack-
Jjf ets— newest materials, fancy silk lining— the latest
dg£L: shades in greens, browns, tans, also black
vMfcjf' anc * navy blue. Prices range <j»q f\s 4.^ &rye?
VgK from 3)51.^3 tO JO
-^s*j§£2^a\ CAPES— Complete assortment of foreign and : do-
\3^^rJ^^w mestic modes — in short, medium and long lengths —
,d*^a i'ifc£^fe^r ' n smooth and rough cloths— plain, fur trimmed and
* " 1JI n i nClr^ braided— a handsome line of Silk, Plush and
I UO^ Velour Capes at extremely low <£k ■#•,* «£^f*
LSuJIIL prices. Cloth Capes from.. m>3 tO 3>/if
'TOTO^ SPECIAL— 50 Ladies' French Rough Cheviot and
Boucle Reefer Coats— black or tan— new sleeves and back, c*C mIT
bone buttons, perfect fitting. Price 3>O,^|-3
GOLF CAPES— English Golf Capes, in novelty reversible plaid cloths-
colors brown, gray, tan and black— the thing <fc{\ /v C - A <fkir
for Fall wear. Prices sJizfm^fD IO vj>^3
Ladies' Tailor-made ready-to-wear DRESSES— rough of smooth cloths-
plain colors and fancy mixtures — new braided -•>
Redfern effects— silk lined— form fitting or the new JSff
fly reefer fronts. Complete <fc|Q 5R +i4> tf>/r - *F«>K
costumes from CJ)lc7»/3 IO CJ>O3 (IsistiP^
CAPE SPEClAL— Ladies' All-wool Soft, Curly /^SI W^V
Boucle Capes— only— 30 inches long— all silk tl/^ £ ffi 5 - %}
lined— high rolling, collars— front and collar *£HjjLJb&Ls
trimmed with fur— good value for $15. q ffW%
Our beginning-of-the-season price sJ>zJ»zj3 '* * **
Dress Silks Opening. .s££&
Marvels from the Silk Looms. Wednesday.
The immense variety of styles, the unapproachable beauty of patterns
and color effects and the littleness of our EMPORIUM prices should be a
matter of congratulation to every woman in these parts. A thousand feet
of shelving crowded with New Silks and Velvets ready for your selection
Here are some price hints.
21-inch Jacquard Figured Armure— 2l-inch Jacquard Warp Print Taffeta—
21 and 22 inch Chameleon Taffetas. Dozens upon dozens of new patterns
and color blending shown now for the first time— these are the qualities
you have been accustomed to paying $1 a yard for. Our beginning- mo
of-the-season price..... '. * € /oC
22-inch Plain or Shaded Striped Taffeta, with beautiful Jacquard back-
grounds— 15 colorings— that formerly sold at $1.35 a <£?■ g\g\
yard. Our beginning-of-the-season price g>I.UU
• ■ . ■-. ■ ...-.."*■ ..
Fancy Jacquard Figured Chameleon Taffeta— more than 100 patterns and
colors in absolutely new designs and shadings. $» 1 <%*? - 4£*H —^
Our beginning-of-the-season prices \4>l.x3 10 vpD.3U
High-class French Novelty Silks for evening and reception costumes-
Moire Faconne, Fancy Figured Satin Chameleon, Jacquard Gros-Grain
Chameleon— magnificent designs and £• fa- <r»^ p/\
shadings. Our beginning -of - the - season 3>1.3U tO v!pO.3U
price 5.......... A Yard.
High-class Novelty Brocades— latest novelties— exclusive designs— no-
where else in the West for these. Our beginning-of- a*'-* - <?— -^v
the-season prices $.£ tO *p/«3U
~ r -. A Yard.
Y~\ New
(01 Fa"
\o^\ rail »
\js Overcoats
vi^Sk. $10.00.
/ \ C^ /) \V i -'^ - Never before could a man be
/ I J|\ *£> clothed so well and so cheaply as
II IIU \ /» now— you, we say Well and
/ / M^>i <r/€7 Cheaply— but by that we do not
/ / 1 ( [Ir^y me cheap clothing. Avoid cheap
. / 1 \R/ clothing— the cotton mixed or all
I! TT37 \ — cotton kinds that are offered for
I |L*ir A almost nothing. Get the best when
1 I — ft M you can buy and S et jt ncre ' where
_L^Jp===». ' \ you can buy the best cheapest.
(Jpjyn^l I Our Fall Overcoats for Men are
*^4 I ready, and the picture shows the
. I I ;, style of a line of good, dependable,
>^ I all-wool Meltons and Kerseys, blue
1 -^^ I I or black, tan or gray, with wide
..Jn^ II velvet collars — stout, serviceable
jtj f linings the fashionable length.
/ P^ Made to retail at $15.00. We shall
I I \ open the season with these good
I / 1 Coats at
U \ I $l(M)0.
W Investigate this offering.
ivories onto tbe bar. Adjusting bis gold
rimmed glasses, he looked the ivory
cubes over, and they failed to show a
pair.
Wnen next Torsion and P F go to the
post their riders will sport red, white and
blue colors.
OH EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
CLUBS.
Wot
Lost.
Per
Cent.
8a1tim0re...'...............'..^...
Cleveland
Cincinnati.
Chicago.
Boston "......
Pitt sou re .......
New iforlt
Philadelphia ......; "...
Brooklyn
Wa5hingt0n.....'.........
St. Louis.
L0ui5vi11e...... .; ...
85
74
n
70
67
62
60
59
55
61
36
32
85
46
47
53
66
57
62
62
65
69
86
87
•7CB
.621
.605
.669
.548
.521
.491
.487
.468
.425
.'295
.268
At Pittsburg-Pittsburga 1. 8,5; Chicagos 4,
5. 2. Batteries— Killen and Boyle; Briggs and
Donohue. Umpire — Sheridan.
At Baltimore— Baltimores 9, 12. 1 ; Brookly as
5,7,1. Batteries— Nopea and Robinson; Ken
nedy and Grim. Umpire— Hurst.
At Cleveland- -Cleveland* 3, 11, 0; St. Lonis
2, 6, 3. Batteries— Cuppy and Zimmer; Kis
singer and McFarland. Umpire— Emslie.
At Washington— Washington 6, 11, 6; Phila
delphia* 12. 20, 2. Batteries— Norton and Mc-
Guire; Taylor and Grady.
At New York— New Yorks 9, 11, 3; Bostons
8, 13. 4. Batteries — Seymour and Wilson;
Klobedanz and Bergen. Umpires-^Henderson
and Campbell.
At Louisvifle— LouisTille» 6, 10, 4: Cincin
xiatis 5, 11, 1. Batteries— Hill and Miller;
Bhiaet and Gray. Umpire— Lally,
THE EMPORIUM.
EASTERN TURF EVENTS.
Winner* on tne St. J.ouis and Gratestnd
Track*.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., Sept. 12.— One mile, Jack
Martin won, Earl Bug second, Mermaid third
Time, 1:43%.
Six furlongs, Gath won, Garland Bar sec
ond, Colonel Wheeler third. Time, 1 :14l£.
Mile and a half, Fasig won, Constant second,
Milly McKenzie third. Time, 2:37. ..
Five and a half furlongs, Shasta Water won,
Don't Skip Me second, Teutonia third. Time,
1:07%.
Seven furlongs. May Thompson won, Ame
lia May secoDd, Palomacita third. lime.
1:27^.
Six fugtongß, Pelleas won, Hester second.
Bryan third. Time. I :l4fc[.
GRAVESEND, N. V., Sept. 12— Five and a
half furlongs, Box won, Ross O second, Sir
Frederick third. Time, 1:10.
Five and a half furlongs, Friendship won,
Confession second, Hi Daddy third. Time, 1:10.
One and an eighth miles, Long Beacn won,
Keenan second, Muskalonge third. Time.
1:5<%
Five furlongs. Princess Flavia won, Mlsa
Prim second, Swamp Angel third. Time, 1:02%.
One and a quarter miles, Flying Dutchman
won, Dutch Skater second, Ben Eder third
Time, 2:o9}^.
Six furlongrs, Glenmoyne won, Bonaparte
second, Zanone third. Time, 1:14%.
Winners at Irvington,
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 12.— The last
day of the fall meet of the Portland Jockey
Club at Irvington Park was interrupted by
threatening weather. Results:
Half a mile, for two-year-olds, Begonia won
lone second. Merino third. Time, :51%.
Quarter of a mile, Quicksilver won. Red S
second. Steamboat Bill third. Time, :2'3]4.
Tnree-quarters of a mile, handicap. Model
won, Tampa second, Baby Ruth third. Time
1:16 1-5. *
One mile, Pollock won, Dixie's Land second.
BlUy McCloskey third. Tune, I :44}£ WV/VUW »
56
THE DEMOCRATIC
SILVER HOBBY
Their Mass - Meeting Held
Last Night at Metro
politan Temple.
BY BALLOT OR SWORD.
William Craig Foresees a Repe
tition of the French
Revolution.
Bryan and Sixteen to Oue Pronounced
a Panacea lor Every 111 Under
Ihe Skies.
The Samsons and Goliatha of the local
Democracy were at the Democratic mass
meetinjr at Metropolitan Temple last
night.
Bonfires were burnt from early in the
evening till the mass-meeting was ad
journed, at the intersection of Market and
Fifth and Mission and Fifth streets. The
speakers' stand was decorated with the
National colors.
On the stage the Iroqaois Club was pres
ent in force, and in the front row the fol
lowing member- sat : Judge Robert Ferral,
Attorney 11. C. BCcPike, Judge Lemmon.
Charles (iildea, Walter Stradley and K. B.
Stonehiil. At each end of the front row
sat two members of the Iroquois Club,
decked out as North American braves.
Before the opening oi the meeting a
brass band marched up and down the
aisles playing patriotic selections, trying
to awaken the enthusiasm^ the audience.
The speakers were often applauded. Es
pecially was this true of the venerable Jo
Hamilton while engaged in telling anec
dotes.
The latter's comments on the American
Protective Association, however, evoked
the antagonism of many in the audience,
which was manifested by a storm of hisses.
The speaker continued his argument un
daunted.
Henry McPike was introduced by
Charles* Gildea. chairman of the meeting.
In accepting the honor, he said: "This
meeting, which I hope i 3* well sprinkled
with good Republicans, if there are any
such, is one which gives me great phasure
to preside over."
He said that this was practically the ini
tial meeting of the local campaign of I&KJ.
This, he declared, was the first time in
120 years in which the two great parties
toed the mark on a definite issue, the
money question.
"Suppose," he said, "the makers of the
Declaration of Independence had in place
of that document adopted a resolution, as
follows:
"W T e are opposed to American freedom
except by international agreement ot the
leading nations ot the world. Wouldn't
that have been a handsome ruing?"
The speaker drew a parallel between
this hypothetical case and the monetary
resolution of the Republican convention.
A trio of youths, announced as the
Moore Brothers, sang a couple of up-to
date campaign songs, after which William
Craig was introduced.
•When I look at this brilliant audi
ence," he said, "I wonder how the Repub
licans can say we are anarchists. 1 am
not surprised, however, when I remember
that the very persons who now pass reso
lutions against us passed resolutions
against the Revolution.
"The Chamber of Commerce of New
York, which has passed a resolution
against Bryan, passed a resolution con
demning the Revolution.
"The contesc to-day is the same as it
was 100 years ago, when Jefferson was a
leader. About that time Hamilton was a
member of the constitutional convention.
He wanted to remodel the Government on
the lines of the old English Government.
This sort of thing found little favor with
the old patriots, tint Hamilton was a pow
erful man.
"He strongly sdvocated class legislation,
but at the height of his power Jefferson
returned from France, where he had wit
nessed the ruinous results of class legisla
tion. This was an object lesson to that
great apostle of liberty, so he raised the
standard of revolt.
"The same question i; before you to
day. "Will you settle this matter by the
ballot or by the sword? Let us not speak
of the sword. You have it in your power
to settle this matter by the ballot. When
the physical strength of the classes is
brought against the physical strength of
the masses the former will be crushed like
eggshell?, as they were in France, but it
will uot be necessary.
"This contest is Dot a contest of parlies.
It is a contest of the American people for
their rights, and tbe Republicans see this.
Thousands of the members of that party
who love freedom more than they love
gold or McKinley are coming over to
liryan.
"Figures taken from cnicial tables show
that you are rapidly drifting into the con
dition France, was when the revolution
took place. You have 35,000 millionaires
in this country. You have a more arro
gant and impudent aristocracy of wealth
than has any country in Europe. lam
not opposed "to the rich. But why are we
called upon to pay taxes to pour money
into the Taps of this favored few ?
"The Republicans declare that they are
for bimetallism, bnt by international
agreement. Mr. Estee uuysit is as hard to
get an international agreement as it is to
get an international language. Gladstone
says that bimetallism would be a boon to
the world, but they couldn't hare it, be
cause an international agreement is im
possible. England would never consent
to it, because it is contrary to tbe interests
of England.
"When Hanna was giving his directions
to General Harrison he said, 'You juat talk
ahout the tariff; don't say anything about
finance.' General Harrison said, 'No, I
have had enough of that sort of thine. I
am going to fight it out on tbe money
question if I go down.' Why did Harrison
not want to discuss the tariff? Because he
was President of the country when the
McKinlcy tariff was tiied and found
wanting."
Tbe speaker closed with the declaration
that the legitimate result of the carrying
out of the platform of the Republican
party would mean that the rich would get
i icber and the poor poorer, and an appeal
to the people to stand by the party which
had declared against the funding bill.
General Joe Hamilton was next intro
duced. At the mention of his name he
was given air ovation. He said :
"As in July, 177'^ the American people,
then a small Nation of 3,000,000 people,
Adopted a document Betting them free
from the yokes and chains of slavery
that they had born hitherto, so in July di
1596 the American people had placed be
fore them a new Declaration of Inde
pendence, setting them free from yokes
and chains just as galling — the fetters of
financial bondage.
"And yet while tbe war of independ
ence brought upon our ancestors their
Saratoga, their Camden and the pangs of
starvation and of unshod bleeding feet, in
the end it brought to them their York
town. So it may be in this new war.
"Mj countrymen, in a time like this it
becomes all the people to act honestly >
wiih themselves and each other. It be- '
conies the patriot, no matter with which
political organization he may be affiliated,
to study well the issues now before him.
Otherwise we may forget the patriot in the
partisan ami do things not best for the •
country.
"It seems to me, from the speeches of 1
our Republican leaders I have read, that '
there is a lack of candoi, a lack of con
viction and consequent boldtie&s, which j
tends to make men think that they are
not following the dictates of their Hearts, :
but are enthralled by the clink of the >
money-bags of the hankers."
The speaker then digressed to tell a j
number of anecdotes, which got the ;
audience in a good humor, after which he ■
proceeded with his argument.
"Why is it,"' he asked, "that the ■
Republican party In its )>laJl'orru anci
its public declarations is silent on the
question of the funding b'll? The reason
of it is evident to my mind. It is that
Mark Hanna and Collis P. Huntinpton
are hand in hand on this question. You
do not hear any of their orators spe3k on
this question. Why? isecause orders
have been issued, and that's what's the
matter with Hanna.
"Another question of importance to the
people of this land is the income tax. If
this i>roj>osition is ever presented to Wil
liam "Jennings Bryan we know how he
stands. Who of you can tell me where
McKinlev stands? Mark Hannu stanus j
with the"g°lden padlock upon his lips.
"When i ask my Republican friends ,
how they stand on the income tax they
are as dumb as oysters, because Mark
Hanna has glve^i them orders. Our prop
osition to tax incomes is one of the most
just and equitable propositions that has
ever been in the platforms of American
parties.
"There is another proposition that is he
fore the people. A new party has sprung I
up in this modern ape, the American Pro- j
tective Association. My Republican |
friend-, how do you stand on the ques
tion of the American Protective Associa
tion? Tiie grand old Democratic party
has given voice in no uncertain tones to
its sentiments on the question.
•The old Republican party stands dumb
on all these issues, while tbe grand old i
Democratic party that tias made a thou- j
sand mistakes, iias spoken out squarely in '
tavorof all ol them. The old party has !
made a tnouaand mistakes and atoned
nobly for all of them, but thank Go<l it
has never made the error of hidintr its i
colors in tbe fare of the enemy, and it has i
always been for the best interests oi the I
great toiling masses of this land.
".\ stranger coming into this land and j
seeing all the natural advantages which
we enjoy would say: 'Surely these peo
ple are the richest of any on the face of
the earth.' Aye, my friends, that was
true twenty years ago, but things have
Changed in the last twenty years. Go out \
among the people and ask them how it is. •
The lahormg-man will tell you that he
works as hard as he can all the year round,
and yet he cannot keep the mortgage off
his home.
"The general people are so poor they shy i
whenever they see a constable coming. <Jo
to your cities and see how it is. See your
toiling needlewoman bending over her
work sixteen hours out of twenty-four to ;
put bread in the mouth of htrself and the
mouths oi her little ones.
"My countrymen, do I draw the picture
too strong? Do you not know the state
of financial embarrassment that prevails
in this country from one end to the other?
Why is this so? It seems to roe it is easily
seen. Fortunes have been more easily
m&de in the last thirty years than were
ever made before in the history ot the
world.
"It is because there'has been sope mis
take in the financial affairs of this coun
try. You will find corporations have com
bined together until they have united on
one band against tbe toilers on the other."
The speaker then reviewed the financial
legislation of the country.
"The money," he said, "has accumu
lated in the hands of the few, and the
great toiling masses are unable to i^ct it.
The two great parties taking th_> positions
they do, it seems to me, there can be no
question as to how the great American
people should vote. I have no doubt i
of the integrity of my Republican !
friends who disagree with us, but it j
seems to me the position we oc- j
cupy is sc much superior to that of our
adversaries that even our Republican
friends are compelled to yield the palm to
us. We believe that when the Republican
party takes the position it does, we ques- '
tion the honesty of that party on those
issues. Let every Democrat that hears
me to-night start out with the de- |
termination that he will make one
convert, and what a showing j
we will make on November '6. We haven't |
got any money to spend. We call upon
you to do your duty in the coming eleo
lion, and mtfrk my words, when the sun !
shall have set on the .°»d of November, Cal- \
ifornia will have done her duty, no matter ■
whut the other States may do."
Ueginning a short time before the !
speaker finished his argument and con
tinuing for five minutes, the great pipe
organ which towers above the siage
bummed a sonorous tune. There was
seemingly no cause for this, and it caused !
seme amusement.
There was great cheering at the end of
the speaking.
TERMS OF CITY JUSTICES.
I Attorney-General J?Hzaerald Sayt They
Have a Four- Tenure.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 12.— District
| Attorney Donnell of this county has been
j requested by the Board of Supervisors to
i give an opinion as to the tenure of ollice
i of the city Justices of the Peace with a
view of providin g for them on the ballots
in case they are to be elected this year and
leaving them out should they hold four
years, like the county officials.
Maj»or Donnell has not yet written his
1 opinion in the matter, but says that he
' now has it under consideration. He was
{ this morning handed an opinion by Jus
i tice Owens from Attorney-General* Fitz
) gerald, based upon the recent decision of
I the Supreme Court, in which it is stated
; that the City Justices come under the four
j year term of the act recently declared con
stitutional.
SUES THE AOUTIIERX PACIFIC.
Action llroii glit by a Man Who Waa
Struck by a Train.
■SAN JOBE, Cal., Sept. 12.— M. M. Dug
dell began suit in tbe Superior Court to
day against the Southern Pacific Company
| for $25,000 damages for injuries received
i through the alleged carelessness and
! negligence ol railway employes. Diudell
j was driving a horse attachedto a butcher.
i wagon along Scott lane, Santa Clara, on
July 23, and while crossing the Southern
Pacific track a train struck the horse and
wagon, throwing Dugdell violently against
a fence, killing tbe horse, breaking tne
wagon and destroying the harness, scales,
steel and 200 pounds of meat. Dugdell
claims his back was severely wrenched,
his right leg and thifih mangled, and be
was otherwise bruised and mangled and
his nervous system shocked.
San /.»ii» Runaway Accident.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cxt., Sept. 12.— 1n
a runaway on Garden street this after
noon, Mr. and Mrs. Ent were seriously
injured. Their buggy was overturned, and
Ent struck upon the right side of his face,
resulting in a serious abrasion over the
right eye. Mrs. Ent received a severe cut
on the forehead and sprained her left
knee. The couple were married only a
few weeks ago at Stockton.
«
National Ouarda Sleet Officer*.
MODESTO, Cat,., Sept. 12.— The elec
tion of Company D, Sixth Regiment, Na
tional Guard of California, to-night, re
sulted in tne choosing of D. W. Morris for
Captain and G. H. Freitas for Second
Lieutenant.
•—• — • — ■ r—
Brolie His Leg.
H. Liudstrom, a longshoreman, was working
on the steamer Santa Cruz at Port Costa yester
day unloading wheat. The pulley broke and
saveral bags of wheat fell aud struck Lind.
gtrom on the right leg, breaking both bones.
He was brought to the City and taken to the
Receiving Hospital. He lives at 211 Steuart
street.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUJNJJAX, S^T^ijkEß 13, 1896.
CORBETT AND
FITZSIMMONS
Local Opinion of "Lanky
Bob's" Challenge to
James J.
THE DOCTORS DIFFER.
"Young Mitchell" Classifies the
Ex-Champion as a " Has
Been."
STEVJ BRODIE SAYS "NIT!"
Billy Jordan Thinks Fitz Msans Busi
ness and Jim Will Avo : d
a Meeting.
Bob Fitzsimn.ons' challenge to James J.
Corbett, erstwhile regarded as the cham
pion face-puncher of this small planet,
lorins the subject of a vast deal of maxil
lary music by the local sporting fraternity.
That is in fact about all that is to be
heard in the numerous downtown resorts.
Tbe consensus of opinion is that Fitz
means business and Jim now has a small
elephant on bis hand.-'.
"Jim is only a cushion-tire fighter,"
said one of the sports.
"Everybody who has ever seen Sharkey
fight," said Young Mitchell, "linows that
it is riiliculous for any man to taik of
lighting another within thirty minutes —
yes, thirty hours— of a fight with him.
Corbett ought lo be the last man to do any
such nonsensical talkiue, anyway, after
the manner in which his laurels were
trailed in the dust at his last contest.
"I dou't believe 'Corbett can wnip Fitz
simmons, anyway, even if he were in the
best trim aud hadn't fought any other
man for six months. Fitz, in my opinion,
is the cleverest man in tbe ring.
"The general opinion herein the West
is that. Corbett has had his day. He may
surprise US, but I don't believe it. The
Corbett that stepped into the ring with
Sharkey would not stand a ghost of a
show with co hard and scientific a man as
Bob Fitzsimmons.
"As regards Sharjjey himself, I think
him a pretty fortunate fighter. He knows
mothing of science, and depends almost
wholly on brute strength. If any man
can defeat him in four rounds, it is either
Fitz or Maber. Tnere is a good deal of
chance in a contest, anyway, and a man
may get an opportunity to deliver a
knockout blow in the first ronnd, while
again he might have to wait ten or twelve.
"1 think Fitzsimmons realizes, from all
accounts, that Corbett, as evidenced by
his battle with Sharkey, comes near to
being a physical wreck, and in order to
keep some other man from getting in and
whipping him is eaeer now to rush things
and get the lint chance. Bob is a pretty
shrewd fellow. He knows not only how,
but when to fight."
On the ether hand, Corbett has a good
many faithful disciples, who cling to him
as the greatest man on earth, which opin
ion, in one way, is perhaps justified.
Among them is Steve Brodie, B. J.
Steve thinks Jim could do anything.
This, of course, excepts jumping from the
Brooklyn bridge.
"It may be all right to do this," said
Brodie, "out Corbett is the best fighter in
the world to-day, and he defeated John L.
Sullivan, the greatest fighter that ever
lived, when he was in his prune.
"If Fitzsimmons wanted to light Corbett
so much, why didn't he take him on at
Ei Paso?
'•Corbett's bacKer, Kil Carney, author
ized me to bet Fitzsimmons, or any of his
friend?, $1000 that Fit/, would not fight
him. Corbett stated tliat lie would break
off vis tisfht with Sharlcey, in order to fifjht
Bob.
"Fitznimmons simply thinks that Cor
bett is in training for his fight with Bhar
key and cannot get away; therefore he is
running a pure game of bluff.
"As regards Sharkey's fighting abilities,
I am unable to speak, because 1 never saw
In in tight.
"I will not say Corbett can lick Sharkey,
aa 1 said before, knowing nothing of the
latter's ability, but 1 think the offer to do
Fitzsimmons up within thirty minutes
after the light a good one. Furthermore,
1 believe ue can whip him at that time.
"If Fits wants to fight why doesn't he
fight Joe Chovnski for $1000 a round ? He
evidently seems to regard Chovnski as an
easy game. We know that Bob is broke
and had to borrow nionev with which to
come home from England.
"Personally, I do not like Jim. lam
simply giving my opinion of him us a
lighter. Instead of training to fight
Sbarkey he spent his tune eating good
suppers. When it comes to a hard light
he will train well and whip his man."
Then there is Billy Jordan, the veteran
'iiortsman, who has been honored with a
selection as master of ceremonies in every
tight of consequence in San Francisco
since the dark ages. He takes his little
crack at Corbett somewhat after this
fashion:
"Corbeft is a goner. Nobody realizes
that lamentable fact any better than he,
either, and his intention in taking Sliar
key on was merely to avoid a contest with
Fitzsimmons.
"If he tights Bob at all it will be be
cause be knows he has to go under, and
he doesn't want to do so at the hands of a
'dub.' He will avoid both the fights if he
can lind any way ander the sun to do so.
"The Australian means business. His
manner of issuing ths challenge shows
this pretty conclusively. He undertook
no war ol words, but invited Corbett to a
place where he could challenge him per
sonally. If Corbett wished to fight he
would have been tuere.
"Sharkey is no fignter. He is young
ana strong as a bull, and can get in and
make a hard 'go,' but even he showed that
he could whip Corbeit if there were no
friendly police oilicers round to take a hand
at the right time."
COHBETT AND FITZSIMMONS.
JUrel in Sew Tork and V n $t $5000 Each
for n Fight.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. \i.— Corbett
and Fitzsimmons at their conference at
the Hotel Bartholdi agreed this afternoon
to fight to a finish for $10,000 a side. Each
man posted $ r >ooo, but as it is against the
law to sign articles for a prize-fight in this
State, they decided to meet again iv a few
days in Jersey City, where articles will be
duly signed. George Siler was selected as
referee and Al Smith as temporary stake
holder. It was decided that the fight
must take place within sixty days alter
Corbett's fight with Sharkey, or before
March 1 next.
DISCOVERED IN TIME.
Mrs. Weber of Seattle Nearly Asphyxi
ated by Gas In Her Room,
Park Hotel.
A middle-afced woman registered at the
Park Hotel, Turk street, Friday night as
Mrs. "Weber, from Seattle. She told the
proprietor she was a widow and bad a
married daughter in Seattle. She bad
come here to go to the German Hospital
as she had suffered lor a long time from
sick headaches, but the hospital was full.
She wanted to stay at the hotel all night
and she would xo to St. Mary's Hospital
in the morning. She had two valises
with her.
Yesterday morning about 8 o'clock the
proprietor was attracted to her room by
the sme'l of gas. He forced open the door
»nd found her unconscious in bed with
the gas turned on. H«* had her removeo |
to the Receiving Hospital, and last night i
she partly recovered consciousness and
was pronounced out of danger, but she
was unable to talk, although understand
ing what was said to her.
It is supposed she had been troubled
with one* of her headaches during the
night and had by some means or other
accidentally turned on the gas. She had j
$16 in her purse.
SAN RAFAEL RACES.
Entries for the Cycling; Koad Events to
Be Contested in Maria County
To-Day.
A large asgregation of wheelmen will
cross the bay to-day to attend the road
races at San Rafael. The Acmes, Reliance
Club, San Francisco Road Club and Im
perials all hare a strong racing contingent
entered in the five-mile handicap and
each club will strive hard to capture the
club cup offered by tne race- promoters in
this event. It will be hard to pick the
winner from among such a lotas are en
tered, and of the seventy contestants in
this event a dozen have records on the
road and track. The time for starting has
been postponed to 12 o'clock noon on ac
count of the change in time on the narrow
gauge road.
There are sixty contestants in the mile
race, which will be run in heats, and with
such riders as Molt, Squires, Crafts, Lan
gnetin, Bates, Williamson and the
Nuonan brothers it should be worth wit
nessing. This race will be run off in the
afternoon and will commence at 2:30
o'clock sharp.
The following is a list of the entrants in
the two events:
Five-mile handicap— George Williams, John
Pchlosser, John Merrill, C. Roy Barney, San
Rafael Cyclers; George Felix, Henry Noonan, Le
Roy Smith. Arthur F. Nagle, Ben Noonan, Fred
Mend, Santa Kosa Wheelmen; It. F. llamam,
Harry Knell, 1. K. Lind, J. S. Gang, W. Maack,
Milton M. Cook, Frank Gilbert, JmperiaL
Cycling Club; George Frost, George 11. Ham
lin, W. Perkins, T. H. JUnim. F. L. Thiel, M.
London. Bob Fanning, M. A. Farnsworth, R. K.
Robinson, I* Sitcubeim, R. Alexander, C.
Goodwin, San Francisco Koad Club; G. H.
Crafts, G. A. Weyman, V. M. Lefevre, M. F.
Rose, E.Walter liecker, C. W. Staples, J. H.
Oiey, T. A. Schlueter, Acme Club Wheelmen:
Kinil Languetin, J. C. Williamson, Bay City
Wheelmen; George P. Thorn, M. G. Curtis, A.
11. Bullion, Alameda Cyclers; Charles Doble.
K. Ducoty, O»<-ar Dalsirom, Franklyn Road
Club; W. T. Casey, XV. H. Weeden, C. Melton,
Menlo Cyclers; Frank 1U Haley, unattached;
Fraud R. Arnold, W. J. Black, Golden Gate
cycling Club; George Lehner, Charles D. Bates,
Percy R. Mo tt, R. Bain, W. Plumb, F. Plumb.
0. Kelson, F. Jordan, E. Williams, P. R&sen
heim, J. J. Boree, H. H. Price, L. I). Gooch, L.
s. Meyrick. P. Kayselden, J. 11. Berton, E.
Eifard. Reliance Athletic Club; A. Schibe,
Liberty Cycling Club.
One-mile handicap — George Felix. Henry
Noonan, Le Roy Smith, Ben Noonan, Santa
Rosa Wheelmen ; F. Hangen, Caliiornia Cycling
Club; R. F. liamaui, E. L. Cody, Harry Knell,
1. R. Lind, W. Maack, M. M. Cook, Imperial
cycling Club; George Frost, Georgo M.
Hamlin, W. Perkins, M. London, 11. A. Farns
worth, R. R. Robinson, C. Goodwin, Sun Fran
cisco Road Club; G. H. Crafts, G. A. Weyman,
P. M. Lelevre, Charles F. MuUer, M. F. Ruse, E.
W. Decker, C. W. Staples, J. 11. Otey, A. H.
Annew, Howard Squires, T. A. Schlueter. Acme
Club; Kinil Lauiruutin, J. C. Williamson, Bay
City Wheelmen; Frank Garcia, Frame R.
Haley, unattached; John Merrill, George H.
Williams, -San Kalnel Cyclers; Charles Dobie,
E. Ducoty. Oscar Dalsirom, Frankiyn Road
Club; C. Roy Barney, Olympic Cyclers; M. G.
Curti?, Alameda Cyclers; Frank Arnold, W. J.
Black, Golden Gate Cycling Club; Joseph P.
Steiger, Petaluma Wheelmen; A. Schibe,
Liberty Cycling Club; George Lehmer, Charles
D. Bates, Percy R. Mott, R. Bain. W. Plumb, F.
Plumb, O. Kelson, F. Jordan, E. Williams, P.
Rosenheim, J. J. Boree, H. H. Price, L. D.
Uooch, L. 8. Meyrick, P. lUyselUen, J. K. Ber
ton, B. Eifard, Reliance Club.
THEY WANT TO ARGUE.
Socialist* ( hnllriiKe Candidates < »tur
aud Maguire.
The State Executive Committee of the
Socialist Labor party has issued a chal
lenge to Candidates James O. Maeuire
and Thomas V. Cator to debate the silver
question with Candidate Job Harriman,
who aspires to become Congressman from
the Sixth District. It is as follows:
Ran Francisco. Cal.. Sept. 10, 1890.
To the Jlmi. James G. Mag Hire ( Democrat) and
Thomas V. Cator (Poj>%UUt)— Gentlemen: On
behalf of Job Harrmian, Socialist Labor party
candidate for Congress in the Sixth Congres
sional District of California, we hereby chal
lenge either of you to debate the following
proposition :
"That the free coinage of silver at a ratio of
10 to 1 by the United States would benefit the
wage-worker."
Mr. llarriman taking the negative. Debate
to take place in this City at any time that may
be agreed upon during the campaign. Hop
ing for a favorable answer to this challenge.
we are. yours respectfully.
State Executive Committee socialist labor
Party, *
Per G. B. Benbam, 115 Turk street, to whom
communications may be addressed.
QUONG WAH'S WASHHOUSE
Supervisor Morgenstern's Son
Sorely Perplexed Over the
Mongolian's Presence.
The Influence of the Supervisors Is
Sou»ht 1o Remove
"John."
A. L. Morgenstern, clerk of Judge Con
lan's Police Court and favorite son of
Supervisor Morgenstern of the Ninth
Ward, is in trouble.
Mr. Morgehstem's trouble is over the
presence of an unwelcome prospective
neighbor on Baker street, between Mc-
Allister and Golden Gate avenue, where
young Morgenstern recently purchased a
lot for ?1075, upon which he had intended
to erect an elegant home for himself.
But, unfortunately for him, one Joseph
Jacqueruet, a tlonst with a residence In
the Supervisor's ward, had purchased a
lot on the same side of the street and ad
joining the one bought by the son of the
Supervisor, and without consulting the
wishes of his prospective neighbor he
leased this lot to one Quong Wah for the
period of five years at the rental of $2~>
per month. On tne lot the cunning Wah
erected a homely Chinese washhouse,
and with the foresight of a business man
complied with all tbe legal requirements
necessary thereto, and as a matter of busi
ness Wah started in to cleanse the soiled
garments of his patrons and when so
cleansed to hang them on lines on top of
his one-story shanty.
To the son ot a Supervisor and the clerk
of a Police Court all this is decidedly ob
jectionable. With a Chinese washhouse
right alongside of a fashionable residence
the pleasure of tbe surroundings would be
knocked into a cocked hat, so to speak.
Now, to get rid of Quong Wah and hi«
laundry is what annoys the favorite son
of the Supervisor. Quong Wah has built
his house, and the question is how to get
him to tear It down and move away. The
Health Office has been appealed to, bnt
there is no relief there. The Fire Depart
ment was sought with the same result.
The License Office, where another son
of the Supervisor is anchored, was also
looked to. The police refused to act, and
even the poundman shook his head and
declined to lasso tne Mongolian. The last
and most desperate remedy sought was to
put the lot which Mr. Morgenstern bought
in the hands of a broker for sale. Bnt
here, even with all the persuasive ability
of Baldwin & Hammond, whose bill is on
OUR MILLINERY OPENING!
p "will "XV£l:ql:ks :e>il«.zi.o:e3 X
§ TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 15 and 16, f
X AND FOLLOWING DAYS OF THE WEEK. X
# > Our MRS. MARTIN has returned from the East, bringing with her all the correct X
Jj > ideas and styles for the coming season. Our stock of Untrimmed Hats, Feathers, X
jf Flowers, Plumage and materials of all kinds necessary to create the most charm. 5£
1 ff styles is complete in all grades and qualities, while our IMPORTED MODELS and the 't t
creations of our own workrooms will be fully worth your time to see. We have brought !
] J ! out some ravishingiy beautiful patterns for swell dressers, and have paid more than the ; 2
usual amount of attention and care to the selection and creation of the more moderate- i
il i priced ones. Our own copies of the models will be found extremely reasonable, the iU
\ f prices ranging much below the usual scale. Great preparations have been made to ' )
: execute" special-order work" and no disappointments will be allowed. l
J WE CORDIALLY INVITE YOU TO BE PRESENT. HO CARDS WILL BE SENT. 1 F
f" NEW DRESS GOODS SPECIAL VALUES \ NEW SILKS M
i| ARE HERE. DOWNSTAIRS. \ ARE HERE. il
ii -•.-A I f. the ," ew things we mention 100 pieces Staple Checked Gin hams, all _, All the favorites, such as the new
m.ZibehneNoveUiesßoucie.Astrachan colors in solid and fancy checks. Special Two-tone Glace Taffetas, in plain and H
•M and other rough effects, Scotch Che- a j r figured, Duchesse Satin Brocades in tf •
viots, English Redferns, Silk Mix- 99 Yards for $1 OO black and colors, new effects in black '
JiL tares, Overshot Novelties and many YarQS TOr »i.UU and white combinations, new ideas in L
•ft of the latest productions of the 25 pieces Block-jtround Shirred Crepon, Moires, new brocades in black, large L
-IIF American manufacturers. The new fancy floral printed designs ; value at 12Kc. designs for skirts and small figures ' '
shades of browns, reds and greens Special at or waists, and everything else that
iftft are here in great variety. ; 5c a Yard * asn i° n decrees will be worn. 1%
Some Specially Good Values are ' M pieoes New sak-rinished cotton su- SPECIAL VALUES THESE : ' [
Iff These: , .» rf hS full 3 y nc M 8 . Wide> ? 09t - , ex< l uislte Illuminated Printed Warp Taffeta I*
ff All ;*,! Fancy Cheviot Snitin«in . . *""' 15c a Yard de Chine, a pronpunced novelty in V
,i a,^KSfi D X _ I** a Yard *»*. 7 -u.
"i'i'tiMioii a'irln Butt Olu rose, wOIUIfL §
1 m >i 0 incnes »we, _At - 250 Yard pieces^Sibc Striped Zephyrs, lovely Special at 50c Yard t f
/YC iara designs an 3 colorings; was sold at 50c. *««« j
iU ' Silk and Wool Novelties, ; entirely ;To be closed out at .. . Black Ground Peau de Sole, with (J L
'tf new effects, new patterns, new colors, . 25c a Yard brilliantly colored satin stripes in Z
38 inches wide - contrasting shades; most table for f
i l ' At 45c Yard 30 pieces Fancy German Eiderdown waists and skirts; value at $1. ' I
1 ! Two-toned 8.^5. e«sct, one „, SKSIKt""- 1 " ' «««» "* **' ' Spec^at 50c Yard ,) 1
111 the latest weaves, very showy and 10c a Yard - All Black Figured and Jacquard i
••• pretty color combinations. Special Gro3 Grains, new unconventional I
I I with us 20 pieces All-Wool Fancy Wrapper Flan- designs, extra heavy and durable; ?
At SOC Yard nels, the latest colors in striped and plaid regular price 85c. f
! & ScotchCheviotTaUdßoucie Novel- deBiBDS * Specialat 25c a Yard Special_at 65c Y^rd I
ties, can't be told from the real im- T .._^_ oo«»«iu A U Black Brocaded and Figured F
ii ported qualities at three times the 30 pieces Woolen Striped Eiderdowns; Satin Duchesse and Gros Grains, in I
|ft price— regular 50c quality. Special at large, medium and small designs. •
II SUC Yard 35c a Yard p onsi dering width, styles and qual- r
I .-;•.•-■■•- ---•■fe-..-f ity, these are the best values ever
4 Zibeline Novelties and the new 25 pieces Imported White Swisses with offered at such a price. fc
" ' Overshot Effects, resembling silk net embroidered colored dots an d figures, in Special at 75c Yard ff f
woven on the surface 01 choice pink blue, red and black; qualities that jihu -- /oc iara
,A fancy novelties the very latest. were sold up to 40c. Specialat Figured Gros de Londres, in I
It 75c and $1 Yard . - ik e a Yard chameleon and multi-colored effects, •
/ o. i«xi« new color combinations in the rich- U
Imi n/tCIVPC A!Vir\ dave» 25 dozen Hemmed Pillowcases, large est shades ana most exqnisite designs, ji
i 25 lYlblN 3 AfSU t>UYb size— s4x36 inches— dry laundered and Thls quality was good value at $1 10. ■
' SWEATERS. ready for use. Special Special at 85c Yard ™ f
1U — At I3Mc Each :■■■ 1
1! SPECIAL AT 256 EACH. » dozen HemmeTlhaets, double-bed S g*t l *} Belt Ba »*gainS. 1
iU Never such a thing heard of before. g&** la - d « ed and ready for use. J? e^ Ji^ave^^no 2^ 1101168 J [
■If All sizes in ecru, black, navy blue °» *' iai e«.^i«i «* __ _ .. ■ •
" and gray mixed, full cut and very At 40c Each Special at sOc Each ]]j
iil oUhem. C ° m 8 8 hUrry nOt many 50 dozen White Marseilles Pattern Cro- Black Silk Ribbon Belts, remark- 1 J
ft Olinera * ; : chet Bed Quilts, laree enough for an or- able values, 2 and 2^ inches wide. S. I
fcI _ o , ..r.,,,,,,,,,.^ dinary size double bed. Special gilt, silvered and oxidized buckles of TT
U GENTS' NECKWEAR. A sOc Each l^^l'lT^ .SSJKpE? ii.
II ■ SPECIAL AT 25e. »'«SS; c SS£?S2?££. '"^T 0 " " 25c ' l M '
It The most sumptuously beautiful thread quality ; would be a bargain at $3 Spangled" Elastic Belts, fully 3 fJi
f styles and patterns, in ebecks, plaids, a dozen. Special at - inches wide, gilt and silvered buckles, '
II stripes, Dresdens and figures. Never 19C Each silver and colored iridescent spangles
M eve? under OOld 5l 7 d 5c U a d p C iecY C ""ffiffit 25 dozea Washed German Linen Nap- ValUeat?2soa -., * „ -1 !
" fashionabfe ••made-up'' TECK style ™™< 2 * inches square; regular value $3 P a l?.!^ 1 at &- 00 1 f
|| in light, medium and dark colors. dozen. Special at $1 . 50 Dozen NOTION BARGAINS. i I
I FEATHER BOAS. 10 pieces Bleached Table Damask, all Ladles' Black Sateen Gored Hose
41 n , ... _. , ( . , ... new patterns, our regular 69c quality, full Supporters, with Its; special at 12c. i i
1 1 f Great Value. Sew Styles Just In. & inches wide Special at Linen Thread, 200 yard spool* ; BDe - ■ t
— — J sOc a Yard ciai at oc. ■ '
ill Lustrous Cogue Featoers, well Hairpin Cabinets, very full; spe- J I
Iff made, 52 inches long. 500 Remnants of choice Wash Goods, cial at 3c. . _ •
«?rk«»^ial otcno such as Dimities, Lawns, Organdies, Lap- Waterproof Skirt Bindings, in col- '
lii °P Btld ' <uouc petta and others, ranging in lengths from ors only ; were 25c apiece; special at
I* Similar to above, but much fuller *to 10 yards materials that we sold up to 5c. ...,„.'. a . w , 41
T F and better. 52 inches Jong. 2° c a yard. Special at Jet-head Hat Pins, 6 inches long, Iff.
Q««^i Q i at 7c n 5C a Yard per dozen, sc. „ -5
4 i _Special at 75c Hooks and Eyes, 2 dozen on card ; ii
6 tStffc&SXSi.' 1 *' UM aDd GLOVE specials. 3ssr t s * - l °™ d '> I
A Special at $1.00 THREE GREAT VALUES. Kid-finished Lining Cambrics, per X
A Much better qualities in French 8-Button Length Black Glace Mousque- Plain and Checked Crinoline all A
Jt Tetrous and Paradise Cogue Feather, taire, 50c. ~ colors, regular value l*>yc a yard- j£.
yf all full lengths. Special values at 4-Button Glace Kid in brown shades, 75c. special at sc. ' €, *
£$1 25, $1 50, $1 75, $2 25, $2 50, $3 and 2-Clasp Pique Kid in ox bloods, 85c Pure Grass Linen all colors- sne mL '
jf $3 50 apiece. All have embroidered backs. cial at 7}£c a yard. ' f '
O — . , i — -^®v»O^vS)i=C» — . A
X ** *PRQP™ssfa y A<XUl^* %
A MARKET AND TAYLOR STS. X
Quong "Wall's Washhouse on Baker Street Which Has Kept
Supervisor Morgenstern's Son Awake Through Many Nights.
the lot, no offer has been made, and the
lot lies on the hands of its purchaser,
while Quong Wah and Joseph Jacquemet
enjoy the fun with broad grins and simply
say : "Let 'em do their best. We are here
to stay."
Madert* County Courthouse.
MADERA, Cal., Bept. 12.- Pursuant to
NEW TODAT-DRT GOODS.
a proclamation issued by the Board of
Supervisors of this county calling for a
public meeting for the purpose of ascer
taining the wishes of the people with re*
■pect to buUdins a courthouse and jail, a
large number of citizens assembled in the
courtroom last night. There was no op
position to submitting the question to the
voters of tbe county at the next election.
Soooo oarthouse and ail are to Cost
Portland Damage Suit Decided
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 12.-Stephen P.
Hart, drummer for a Minnesota house,
got a verdict for $1000 against the South
ern Pacific Company yesterday for being
ejected from a train after a" r&w with a
conductor over his identification ticket.
Hart was considerably bruised when he
was thrown out. He sued for $25,000
damages: Judge Shattuck, before whom
the case was tried without a jury, decreed
the company was at fault, and that Hart
had as much right to be on board the
tram as he would to be at his own fireside.
Miners Ittturning From AltkaHa
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 12.-The steam
ships Al-Ki and Willapa, th 9 former four
days overdue, arrived in port las!
night, having a combined passenger
list of 225. Of these, 100 are miners from
Cooks Inlet, via the steamer Dora to Sitka.
A few of them report having done fairly
well, but the majority have tales of woe to
relate as to their gold-seeking ventures
on Turnagain Arm.
Itravdan Farmer Killed.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Sept 12. —J. H.
Buckman, v prominent farmer at Rear
dan, was killed by his hired man, Waltei
Friedham, last, evening. During a quar»
rel Buckman attacked Fried bam with «
knife, when the latter fractured Buck
man's skull with a blow from a pitchfori
handle.
NEW TO-DAT.
GOLDIURE,
Liquor and Opium Habit — Cures Guarantee*
No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges. Home treatment, boot
free, fifth year. Any inebriate of sound min<
can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD CURE, 808 G ST., Sacramento. CatSCSDAY BEFTEMBEB 13. 1896
HMIIIIIIMIIMII.
BAtrwTx Tssark.- "Madame Sans Gen*,"
to-morrow sight.
Caljfc&xia Tkeatxk.— " On the Bowery."
Comsu THiAitß-"The Wife.""
s; cl-»o*<-^-* i.juu-Hoc!t- -The Great Brook-
lyn Ha leap."
Trrou Crnu-Horn.-- Hansel and Grctd.' 1
Oephxxhc— nitf-.-CUsj Vande-rtUa.
*ic*ia» Thuiib.- *• AH the Comforts of
Home,"
£t"T*O Baths— Bath'nf and performance*.
S-EOOT ntt Obvtwb— Daily *» iiaicat strssv
ere f.cck east oi the Part.
Baskb^xx— and Folaoai streets.
Lxstitct-e Pavilion—
eji:ii lndostrial Kxpostf.or.. to-morrow.
"*"- 31. C. A. AronoßirM. corner Mason and Ellis
«r*e»»— Lincoln and Laaghier, Friday evening
September 1&
Oomjdks Oati PAXX-Coldeo Gaze Park Band,
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
fair Sunday— Locai Forecai; Official A. G
The Gold Democrats nominated an electoral
t:cke:
Arthur Grnenfcerg was recently wedded to
Margot Heuenaan.
Governor Richards of Wyoming is at present
visiting at San Jose.
There is coraplaiat that tie public schools
will bare no autumn vacation.
Woi^s-. suffragists are rigorously prosecut
icg their caspaign tor the bsliou
Colonel Mosbr is oot again, after nearly
three raoatts' iliness tram appendicitis.
A. J. Bowie. M. E., lectured en gold mining
at Academy of Science Hall on Friday cigat
Great preparations have been made for the
forthconicg iesUTal in aid ol the Youths' Di
rectory.
A course of five lectures in French is to be
given cader the auspices of the Channinz
Auxiliary.
P-geoas released from the British ship
Spriagburn made a quick passage back to their
iofis on Jackson street.
United States Consul Bell of Sydney, who
hag been East lor a month, has returned here,
on h:s way to Australia.
DenU Kearney in a letter to the people com
plain* that the new charter make- no provis
ion lor electing a Mayor.
The Merchants' Association has asked the
Board of Supervisors to interfere in the matter
of the raise in property valuation.
The Prison Commtssioners met at San Qaen
tla yesterday and p-aroled H. C. Barret; 01 San
Fraac:«c© and J. Perry of Santa Rosa.
A. M. Brown, who owns an important copper
tropertr at Grant's Pass. Or., where he has
o?en for several months, is in the City.
The bark Mercury made Oakland Creek
untie* sail yesterday. Captain Co .by refused
a tow and thus made a gain of half pilotage.
The Mission Defense Club has passed resolu
tia^s opposing the edoptioi; o: :he amend
ment to the constitution on the mortgage tax.
Joseph Breeze, a boy of 16. faend in a Dn
pont-s;reet resort, has been tskes in charge
by the society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Chiloren.
G. E. D. Diamond, who was born May 1.
1796, is a book canvasser in this City. The
old man cones from s_ illustrious and long
lived race.
Chris Christiansen, the wounded burglar,
ple&ded gui:ty in Judge Low's ccur: yesttrdav
to petty larcecy, and got six months in the
County JaiL
Tte eighty-sixth anniversary of Mexican in
dependence wiil be celebrated In this City
with two sets of literary and musical exercises
and a parade.
The Board of Supervisors will hold a special
meetine to-morrow to discuss tae valuation of
City property si fixed by the State Board of
E^u&uzation.
Lieutenant James O*Xeil!, secretary of the
Superintendent of Police, Boston, wso twenty
years ago was & resident oi San Francisco, is
on a visit here.
Mrs. Weber, a visitor from Seattle, had a
narrow escape from death by gas asphyxia
tion in her room. Park Hotel, Turk street, yes
terday morning-.
The schooner Jessie Fremont was raided
list a:cr.:. xr.e captain lost all his money and
his stdt of clothes aad the deckhand lost his
wa;ch and chain.
James Delee, a teamster in the employ
oi the American Garbage Company, feu irom
his seat as his term ran away yesterday, and
was fataily injured-
J. D. Day, formerly of this City, but who has
for some years been at Cascade Locks on the
Columbia, where he has a large Government
contract, has arrived here.
F. A. Krauss, recently expelled fro- the
"German Warriors' Association" for "con
temns for the president," yesterday began
rait far damages in $5000.
A verdict for -4.161 10 was rendered in the
United states Circuit Court yesterday in favor
oi ihe Wel'-s-Fargo Banking Company against
Mrs. Emily Cohen of Aiam-da. -"".
Ali the final preparations have been made
for the fair in aid of the Youth*' Directory, and
the affair promises to be one of the grandest
successes ;ver scored in this City.
Margaret Bryant, a cook, swore to a com
plaint yesterday, chaig'rg Ferdinand E. Par
ker, bookkeeper at -406 Sixth street, with be
trayal, under promise of marriage.
Mrs. Volney Spalding. for the last twelve
years lessee of the Bella Vista Hotel, built for
her by Mrs. James G. Fair, died yesterday at
t^e Bella Vista, after a siort illness.
Francis Francis of EngUnd, who was once
correspondent of the London Graphic, and
wco has written several books, is at the
Palace, after a visit to some of the California
reports.
Winona Jacobs, a girl 14 years of age, caused
a sensation in Golden Gate Park yesterday by
changing her apparel in the brush and cav
ing :r.e old clothing, as It was thought it was a
case of suicide.
Colonel George Stone, who returned last
Thursday from a trip to the East, reports that
sporting men in Chicago are betting heavily
on biz majorities for McSlinley in Ohio, Illinois
and New York.
The body of the man found floating in the
bay on Friday morning. identified as Matherr
Roach, turns out not to be that gentleman. The
real Roach is now an inmate of the City and
County HospitaL
F. W. Bradley, superintendentof the Bunker
Hill and Sullivan mine, Waraner, Coeurd'Alene
country, Idaho, is here. He says the Cceur
d'Aiene district produces one-fourth of the
lead of the United States.
Dr. Cyrus R. Teed, the man accused of wreck
ing homes by the propagation of his particular
religious beliefs, writes Tmc Call an open let
ter defending his religion and denouncing
those that have maligned his motives.
The new streetcar mail service will be in
acgurated on Monday. Tee receiving and dis
patching department of the general Postoffire
-.-aington street was removed to -
D. at the foot of Market street, yeste: : i
The continued improvements on the south
of Channel street, which is being pasted with
bias fair to eu- ■ lv Francisco
\i place for resideuce for the thousands
o: workingmen employed in that section.
Mrs. Te*sie Fair-Oelrichs, in spite of her
avowed intention of absenting herself from
this City, has been subpecaed by Delmas A
Shortridge to appear in court on October 6
and give evidence in the Fair will contest.
Arrangements were completed yesterday with
tenants in the Nucleus building by the agent
of the Hearst estate to give up their leases and
move cut before January 1. This foreshadows
the probable erection of a fine newspaper and
business structure on Newspaper Row.
Fine and costly combination passenger and
fr- ! ght depots are to oe built by the Valley
road at the following points at once: Elm
wood, La Grande. Geneva and Lankershim.
rno«e at Merced and Es calon are already well
ander way, and twelve warehouses are built or
In course of construction along the line of the
road.
The Sound-money Democratic League of
California last evening nominated an elec
toral ticket to be voted for at the election of
November 3. in support of the platform of the
Nation*! Democratic party adopted at its con
rention at Indianapolis and of the nominee*
;: that convention. Genera! John M. Palmer
md General Simon B. Buckcer.
Fridayinorning Mike Sweeney was taken to
the Receiving Hospital in an unconscious coa
lition and refused admission. Later the po
lice insisted that he be taken in and treated,
Dat be was turnad out in a few minutes.
P • 4 ce Captain Hea.lv found him on the street
md sent him to the County HospitaL Sweeney
was suffering rrom gas asphyxiation.
Negotiations have been in progress for some
•a- between the Southern Pacific Company
md certain steamship lines of Germany look
lag to a direct immigrant service from Euro
pean ports to the Pacific Coast, at rates much
•J:-?*per than any now available, and these
legotiations are now about to be consummated
>• the inauguration oi a service from Bremen
ii.4 Hamburg to San Francisco via Galveston.
The effect of th* new deal will be to make the
Texas port a great rival of New York for tnis
Ua«s of business.
The Ba rk Mercury Sailed In Yesterday and Made Oakland Creek. Captain Colby Refused a Tow and
Made Good Time Past Goat Island.
A PILOT WAS NOT
NEEDED AT ALL
The Bark 'Mercury Sailed
In From Sea Yes
terday.
MADE OAKLAND CREEK.
Had a Load of Lumber and Made
Half Pilotage Fees on the
Transaction.
CONCERT OS THE BATTLE-3HIP.
Sailon Will Entertain Their Friends
on the Oregon N xt Thurs
day.
•The bark Mercury sailed in yesteauay.
Captain Colby knows every torn in the
bay and in consequence be took hi? ves
sel rignt up the bay and anchored abreast
of Oakland Creek without assistance. The
Mercury is from Port Blakeley and has a
load of lumber aboard. During the run
down nothing but light winds were en
countered and Captain Colby says that the
best breeze ne ran into during the entire
trip was the one he encountered off the
Golien Gate.
The steamer Yaquina is now out seven
days from Seattle, bat the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company is not worrying in
consequence. Caotain Goodall asserts
that tne Yaquina is only a 5-knot vessel
and should not be looked for before this
morning. When sbe was turned into a
cargo boat the Yaquina's speed was re
duced and now she cannot make as good
time as a sailing ship. In consequence no
one looks tor tbe steamer before Monday.
Nevertheless the shippers and owners are
worried and news from the vessel is anx
iously looked for.
The battle-ship Oregon will be open to
the guests of the crew next Tbnrsday
evening. The men are to give a minstrel
performance in the forecastle and the offi
cers wili be the guests of the evening. The
men in charge of the affair are Chairman
Terry, General Manager Hare and Stage
Manager Cooney. Should the concert
pa>s off successfully the chances are that
it will be repeated :n the City for the bene
at of some char
The British ship Springbura sailed for
Europe yesteray with a load of wheat t*.
G. Goald sent out two pigeons on her, and
wnen off tne Faraliones they were re
leased. The fly to 2901 Jack-on street was
mace in quick time, and fanciers aw now
anxious to send tneir btrus out on al. ou*
going sniDS.
The steamer Lyderhorn, Captain Ham
merass, got in from Kurchmotzu, Japan,
yesterday. She anchored in the fairway
and Assistant Cnief Wharfinger Scott had
to go ont in the State tug Governor Mark-
Dam and order her to move. The Lvder
horn is here in ballast and will load wheat
for Europe.
The men on the Jessie Fremont had a
hard experience last night. Sneakthi»ves
got aboard while the vessel was at Mis
sion-street wharf and stoic everything in
sight. Captain Simpson los: his" best suil
or clothes, his watch and chain and $2 90
in money. Tne deckhand lost ail nis coin '•
but his trousers were spared. In coase^
auence be had to go ur>town and buy a !
pair of trousers for the captain before the
iatter could report matters at the police
station.
The seized sealing schooner Jane Gray '
got in from Bering Sea yesterday. She
was overhauled by tbe American - patroi
boats and ordered south. The captain as
serts iL. v he was strictly within .ne law
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, StTSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
and that the revenue cutter was in the
wrong in seizin s his vessel. Toe question
wii. be decided in the courts.
The steamer Zealandia, now at Pacific
street wharf, wiil 20 to Martinez nt-xt
"Wednesday. The space she now o<. :
will be wanted by tne Australia when she
arrives next weeK.
A SERMON IN SAILORS.
Christian Endearorprs Bold SerTtee on
the Off jon.
There is no need of asking the sailors of
the United States steamship Oregon to
take frcr.t s*>a'3 in the six-inch gun space
when the Christian Endeavorers come on
board to hold their prayer-meetings on
Saturday evenings. Standing-room was
&t a premiam last night when the floating
committee visited tne warship. The in
terest shown by the sailors was really re
markable, and the number of conversions
show that the -faithful work of the En
deavorers ha? not been in vain.
The meeting opened with a praise ser
vice led by George Duncan Jr., and after
several stirring hymns had been sung
Miss Bowen, from tbe Oakland floating
committee, ted in prayer.
P.ev. W. Tubbs addrejsed the sailors,
taking his subject from First Corinthians
l:x.v. In a brief address Rev Mr. Tabbs
told how in early days he had served on
board a warship, "it costs something to
be a Christian on shipboard," he said.
''Let a man sar he is a Christian and im
mediately he becomes the target for the
comments of his fellow sailors."
Miss I. M. Ciayton and Charles Wood
man followed with brief addresses and
Miss Martin and Miss L. Hamilton sang
a duet.
Ine meetine closed with a prnrer by
Rev. W. Tubbs, and the Erideavorers re
peated the Mispab benediction.
VERDICT FOR THE BANK.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Secure a
Heavy Judgment Against
Mrs Cohen.
Was Indorser on Tyro Promissory
Notfs of $10,000 Each Executed
by B.ck ft Co.
The famous action of Wells, Fargo 4
Co. banking-boas* against Emily G.
Cohen of Alameda for $20,000 and interest
was settled in Judge McKenna's court yes
terday, when the jury, after fifteen min
utes' deliberation, returned a verdict in
favor of the plaintiff for $24,161 10.
The facts briefly related are as follow*:
In 1592 W. F. Beer & Co., who shortly
afterward failed for a large amount, bor
rowed from the bank $20,000, giving as
security two $10,000 notes, payable in
thirty and forty days, and indorsed by
Mrs. Co- en. Some months later Beck 4
Co. went under, and when the notes fell
due tbe bank demanded payment of Mrs.
Con« Mi.
She set up the claim that the notes had
been extended beyond the original time
without her authority, and consequently
she could not be held liable. Suit %as ac
cordingly begun to recover the amount
claimed with Interest. Hearing of the
cause was postponed from time to time,
but was finally reached three days ago,
the result of which has already been told.
It is understood that an appeal will be
taken.
Mrs. Cohen is tbe widow of tbe late A.
A. Cohan, the famous railroad lawyer, and
is penerally reported to be very wealthy.
Recently the Lonion and San Franci?co
Bank recovered in the Aiameda County
courts $12,000 un similar indorsements.
Sent to State Prison.
Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced Tibarcio
Sanchez to five years in San Qaentin lor steal
ing * parse containing 40 cents. Chew Ah
Doo was given ten years in San Qaentin for
robbing Dan Freeman, colored.
Judce Bahrs sent Eugene Lalferty to San
Qaentin for two and a naif /ears for burglary.
George Thomas co: three years in Kolsoxa for a
s m:.ar offense.. Ah Hing, charged with
burglary, was released on hU own recog
nizance in order that he may be depot
H. W. iiockman got one year in San Qnentin
for a half-interest swindle. <SSHJMftcm&ai£!
The trial of Leroy G. Harvey on the charge
of grand laxceay was set tor October 17.
THE FREAK OF
A YOUNG GIRL
It Causes a Decided Sensa
tion in Golden Gate
Park.
CLOTHES IN THE BRUSH
Park Police Make a Search for
the Body of the Supposed
Suicide.
THE CLOTHIHG 18 IDENTIFIED
Wmona Jacobs Bought a New Ontfi ,
Changed H r Apparel and Left
the Old Things.
WiDona Jacobs, a girl 14 jean of age.
was the means of cansing a sensation
among the park | policemen yesterday
morning.
A buii'Jie of clothing belonging to a
yoans gin was found in the brash in the
park, and it was at once thought that a
case of suicide wocld be developed. A
cidse search was made of the brush, bat no
trace of a body couid be found. The
clothing was then sent to police head*
quarters, and Detective Anthony recog
nized it as belonging to Winona.
The girl when 6 years old ran away
i from her home in Cincinnati and went to
i Chicago. There she waa picked up by a
woman, wno for some yean made money
out of her by send in z her out to beg. Her
married sister, wbo then lived in Portland,
Or., learned of her whereabouts, and sent
her moner to take her to Portland.
Recently the family removed to this
City and settled at 217)4 Polk street.
Winona got restless again and quietly
. left her sister's home on August 27. Sb«
'■ went to Mr*. T. Rolett, 3036 Lombard
: street, and told her a story of being an
. orphan. Mrs. Rolett took pity upon her
j and gave her a home. Detective Anthony
; cad been notified by her sister of her dis
appearance, and he found her at Mr*.
' Ro Lett's. He took her to the borne of the
Young Women's Chrinian Association,
. but after being there for about a week her
' sister thought sbe would give her another
chance ana took her b*ct.
Friday morning Winona again ran
: away from her sister and took $15 with
1 her. She bought a new dress and jacket
with the money, went out to tbe park and
changed her clothing, leaving the old
clothes in the brush, where they were
I found. Then she went to toe home of
! the Young Women's Christian Associa
tion and a-ked to be taken in again,
I promising to be a good girl.
When Anthony saw her there yesterday
i she said sbe liked the place and was going
; to remain as long as they would let her.
Shot a Deer.
The proprietor of the Cafe Zinkand,
who is rusticating at Caradero, shot a deer
near that place a few days ago. It was
sent to this City and Friday evening Mr.
Zinkand's son, Ferdinand, invited a num
ber of bis friends to a banquet at the cafe,
the leading features of tne menu being
renison serred in a variety of styles.
«■ — ♦ »
William*' Case Still Unsettled.
The DicK Williams case aas gone over until
next week. Prosecuting Attorney Henley yes
terday closed his argument in opposition to
the new trial asked for by defendant. His re
marks were confined almost entirely to the
admiszibilny of the affidavit against which
Attorney Collins had fought so \ vigorously.
Judge Morrow took the matter under vise
men;, and will probably render a decision on
Monday.
WAST THE MAYOR
AND SUPERVISORS
Populistic Demands for
Fusion With the
Junta.
UNDER CONSIDERATION
The Democrats Can Have Ail
the Rest of the City
Oifices.
COMMITTEES HOW AT WOBK
Dr. J c rcme A. Anderson Will Head the
Municipal Ticket if the Com*
bination Goes.
To fuse or not to fuse is the question
that has been agitating the Populists and
one branch of the Democracy of the City
for several days past, and while nothing
definite has yet been decided committees
from both parties have held several meet
ings and propositions have been made on
both sides looking toward a combination
in relation to the municipal ticket.
The Populists were the first to mention
fusion on tbe local ticket, and their de
mands on the Junta — for it is the Junta
Democrats with whom they hope to com
bine — have been clean cut from tbe start.
The Populist leaders recognized that witn
out a combination they coad not hope to
win anything worth having, and at a
meeting held a week ago it was decided
that fusion with the Junta was the most
feasible plan in sight, and a committee
was appointed to set the ball in motion
and feel the pulse of the Junta Democrats.
It was at once discovered that the Junta
men bad just one thing in their mind: that
could not be altered, and that was the
proposition that tne Democratic party pre
sumably having more votes at its com
mand than the rof.uiis:? should command
more of the patronage, therefore the only
ground on which fusion cou.d oe hoped for
was that the offices commanding the most
r atrona^e should go the Junta. The Popu
list leader* were waling to compromise on
anything like a fair basis and a meeting
was held to discuss the matter.
It was decided to offer *.he Democratic
managers support on every municipal offi
cer except the Mayor and Board of Super
visors if the Populists coula. be assured of
every assistance in these places.
nee then nothing definite has been
done toward a fusion, because of the back
wardness of the Junta leaders, but toe
pot is boiling and a definite result is ex
pected almost every day now. Pending
the result of the conferences that are being
held the Populists have decided on one
thing, &nd that is their candidate for the
Mayor's chair.
In case the Junta Democrats accede to
the proposition. Dr. Jerome A. Anderson
Will be the Popuiisi candidate for Mayor.
At the last election bat two Popuiists
were elected 10 office, one being Ailolph
Sutroas Mayor and the other Dr. Ander
son as a ember of the Board of Free
holders. While the Freeholders were in
session Dr. Anderson made himself felt in
many ways, besides making the right of i
the allopathic school of medicine. He
fathered many of the sections of the pro
posed new charter relating to municipal j
owners-ip and made a record quite in ac- i
cordance with populxstic principles.
Dr. Anderson is considered by the Popn !
lists to be their most available candidate- i
and be will be pushed to the front in case
the fusion ache me is accepted by the j
Junta.
In regard to the Supervisors little has
been said bo far, but it is believed that the -
names presented will be those of repr— I
sentative citizens, and that the Populists
will stand pat on V c proposition of
having their candidates accepted.
Of course there are those among the
Populists and also among the Democrats
who say that fusion can never be. These
are mainly office-holders in tee City Hall
who feel that they would not be benefited
by any such combination, and men who
have not been consulted about the fusion
matter.
Their strength will develop when the
accredited representatives of the two par
MITW TO-DAY.
flfilGEßlilili
BUT SEEING IS BELIEVING!
CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELF THAT
the CREDITORS *=>
104-106-108 Kearny St.,
Are closing out this elegant stock of Dry Goods at such startlingly
low prices that for one-half the money you can buy more and bet-
ter values than you can at any other dry goods store in the city.
CJTT 17 Handsome Figured Gloria at 25c a yard.
OIJLiIXO Elegant Satin Brocaded at 75c a yard.
TTT?T VFT^s Heavy, Hand- woven Black and Colored Brocaded Velvets,
' Hill ? JCJ JLO 24 inches wide, formerly $5 and $6, now $1 a yard.
_^_^ ;!*■ Doable width, all wool. 15c a yard. _ .
TIT? F*^ ftOODS Fancy. all wool, worth 50c, for 25c a yard.
J-'IIJjOO \JV\JJJO Ali-Wool Black Brocaded, worth $1, for 45c a yard.
Tin^rPslTrPQ Fine Table Linen. 20c a yard.
-L'v/JlJIiOxJ.l-.O For 5c a yard yon can buy best Ginghams, Tennis
Flannels and Lonsdaie Mn^linn.
TTAQTI?T> V 3 pair Lambs-W oo! Sock« for 35c
XL\JO±rjiJA-± Lambs-Wool Shirts and Drawers, 90c a suit.
Household Goods, Blankets, Comforters, Towels, Laces, Hand-
kerchiefs, Gloves, Parasols, Umbrellas, Dress Linings, in short
everything to be found in a Dry Goods store similarly sacrificed.
THIS STOCK MUST AT ONCE BE TURNED
INTO MONEY AT ANY COST.
REMEMBER THE NOHBEB— IO4-108-188 KEHBUY STREET,
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The i-iaii&somes: Family Theater in Aaier.ua>
V.-AJLTKK MOKOeCO Soie Lessee and Xaoa««r
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF "THE GREAT BROOKLYH HANDICAP."
NEXT MONDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER, 1 4,
Fourth Successful Week of Those Two Ftxqbit FoUu,
LOTTIE "VTHiIiT A MS- -EP"WAR,P J. HERON
In the Spectacular Railroad Comedy Drama,
"THE DANGER SIGNAL!"
By Henry C. DeMille. Anther of "The Wife," *Tb« Charity Ball." -Men and Women," tte.
"WONDERFULi SCENIC EFFECTS !
■ Great Cannon Ball Express Train Crosses the Stage In Five Seconds. Giant
Rotary Snow Plow. Interesting: Melange of New Songs and Specialties. ". .
EVE>l>(i FKICEs-lOc, 25c and 500, uXAl'I>'£KS SATURDAY A> D SUNDAY.
SEW TO-DAT.
H Sweetness and Light, m
. Put a pill in the pulpit if you "want practical Of)
/f^ preaching for tke physical man ; : then put the /*f\
pill in the pillory if it does not practise what it j^
preaches. There's a whole gospel in Ayer's <T|J
/p\ Sugar Coated Pills; a " gospel of sweetness ML
\^/ and light." People used to value their physic, j^
ff) as they did their religion,— its bitterness, f|^
/^ The more bitter the dose the better the doctor. fo\
"We've got over that. We take "sugar in ours"— \^J
KB gospel or physic— now-a-daya. It's possible to fi^\
fzs\ please and to purge at the same time. There /tl\
YIP may be power in a pleasant pill. That is the \H/
fi^\ gospel of £|p\
5 Ayer's Cathartic Pills. (J)
y§^/ More pill particulars in Ayer's Carebook, too pages. ~ V^'j
Seat free. J. C Ayer Co^ Lowell, Mas*.
ties get together and begin actual negotia
tions.
The California, a new political weekly
with PoDulistic tendencies, an i edited by
E. D. Crawford, win be an active factor in
the new fieht. Its editorial staff has re
cently been selected, as follows:
£. D. Crawford will be the publisher of
tbe California, and the editorial staff will
probably consist of the following:
John S- D >re of Fresno, Attorney J. R.
Welch of San Jose, Jv.dee E. M. Gibson of
Oakland. Judge ?. M. Buck of Eureka,
Professor Richardson of Fan Bernardino,
Hon. J. Tavior Rogers. Er. G. W. Day
wait of San Francisco and Joseph A. John
son.
HIS KECK BROKEN.
James Delee. a Teamster, Fatally In-
jured ia a .unaway.
James Deiee, a teamster for the Ameri
can Garbage Company, was driving
a team along Sansome street yes
terday afternoon when the horses bolted.
Dele* clung to the lines, but at California
street he fell off his seat. He struck the
ground on his chin with such force as to
creae his n?ct.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
but nied on the operating table. It was
found that he had also sustained a fracture
at the base of the skua. His body was
taken to tbe Morgue.
Delee was 2* year" of age and lived with
his mot tier at 476 Eighth street. His
mother went to the hospital, bnt too late
to see him before he died. Sbe is heart
broken over her sudden affliction.
PRISONERS ABE PABOLED
Oat of Many Cases the Prison
Commissioners Give Relief
to Two.
Acts of Insubordination at San Quen
tin Prison Severely Dealt With.
Solitary Ceils.
The State Board of Prison Commission
ers met at San Qaentin Prison yesterday.
A full board waa present, Director Fitz
gerald Laving returned from his trip to
Europe after an absence of nearly three
months. He occupied the chair.
The boarti gave part of the moaning ses
sion to hearing cases of prisoners accused
of insubordination, and other? wbo asked
to have their lost credits restored. Wil
liam Preskill, a prisoner from Alameda
serving a term of five years for burglary,
was found guilty of knocking down an
other convict and kicking him brutally in
the face. He wasjdeprived of all the cred
its he nad previously earned. William
Howe, 22 years of ace. who was impris
oned for five years for assisting Bruege,
the Santa Rosa murderer, to escape, had
six months' credits restored. He said he
wished io jet oat and help bis mother in
San Francisco.
Prisoner McKnight, in San Quentin for
burglary committed in Los Angeles, was
deprived of all his credits. He is the fel
low who made a vicioes attack on Prisoner
Devine in tne jute mill two weeks aeo by
striking him witn a machine weight on the
back of tbe head.
An inspection wa* made of the ola furni
ture factory building, with a view of ?e
-iectin. .-new cells for the soli
tary confinement of refractory prisoners.
Tbe warden said that the ceiis coud cc
built for $500, and a? they are badly needed
to better preserve discipline in the prison
they will be constructed at once.
Monthly bills were audited and allowed,
and the warden stated that he had pur
chased on* of the kitchen range;, which
were recommended at a former meeting.
The afternoon session was secret, the
board occupying the time in considering
applications for paro'e. H. C. Barrett of
San Francisco and J. Perry of Santa Rosa
were paroled, James E. "Duean of LO3
Aneeles, who had but two montns to
serve, was pardoned, as his offense was
committed under exasperating circum
stances.
Sutro Baths To-Day.
There will be an interesting swimming pro
gramme a: Sutro Baths this afternoon, begin^
ning at 2 o'clock. There will be a 100-yard
handicap race, a 50-yard race and some fancy
exhibitions by the California Swimming Club.
sew TO-DAT.
You know coffee is used
fresh - roasted. Tea ought
to — for the same reason
: — the taste.
Ours are the only tea-
firing works in the United
States; Schilling Best is
always fresh-fired when it
leaves our hands.
■ A Schilling &. Company
San Francisco 87*
SILVER MEN,
ORGANIZE!
BEI^CARTERS
UUFOUII SILTER QIFIICI €«IJin£B,
BlL8«n HOTEL, Sil FRIKECO.
Officers of Bryan Silver Clubs al-
ready organized throughout the State
: are requested to communicate with
I this Comm ttee. Speakers and lit-
erature will be promptly supplied.
All friends of silver are urged to be-
come active in the struggle and or-
ganize clubs. Send for constitution,
by-laws and blanks. Nsmes of voters
to whom literature may be sent are
earnestly solicited.
WILLIAM P. LAWLOR,
; Chairman Campaign Committee.
"bazaar*
J\KE.YOV M
: ||STCHH]G?||fe
ASTRMGRSTMCE "
OF ..STRIKKfI- PRICES
KSTRIKHG CLOCKS.
Xicfcel Alarm Tow
i -Seih Thomas™ Alarm •'. M
I 5-Idc:: 15-MlDn:e Nictel Alarm. *1 50
7-laeb Decorated Pore*iata. 1 cay time... *1 90
8- Day. i Hojr S:ri£e Mantel Uoc*. Oak
orUnlnsi..:..." 9% 65
8-Day, %-Hoor strike Library Cloot. solid
Oat - $3 85
8-Day, iv Hour Strike Clock, Biacc or Ma-
hoganr, 713X13-- - £8 09
8-I>a-.- X£-Ho=r ~trike Clock. Black
W.©.i. ;oT i7i 4 S8 73
Day. J-fllour =-tri*eCioc«,Xron with Urn.
11i.4x 6Vi-—- - •f 00
8- Day is-Hoar Str"te Clock. Iron. Black
or Ma o-raav. 9'- 4 x13i 4 *9 35
1 8-Day. 4-iioarSinlce «. h>c<. Iron, Blacz
orlUuc 2^Vixl&^4 — .-..312 15
I 8-i>«y. V^-liourS:rike -.lock. sokM*rb;-.
9"^-xil% — :. «9 85
8-Day, l^-hvar rike dock. Onyx Dome
top 101^x11 #12*0
! 8- Day. x%-nour Strike Clock. Blue Delf
ceconued S3 00
8-Dar. i--Hoar Strike Clock. Decorated
Porcelair. TislWe escapement 9 10 00
All Clocks guaranteed for one year.
Clocks an.i Watches repaired by skill fa 1 m»-
-\ chanica at lowest prices aud gaarantetd.
78
Congressman Loud Addressing Two Thousand Enthusiastic Republicans at the Mass-Meeting in the Big Lot on Valencia Street, Between Twenty- Third and Twenty-
Fourth, Under the Auspices of the Central Republican Club of the Thirty-Fifth Assembly District.
CONGRESSMAN LOUD TALKS ON THE ISSUES
Rousing Open - Air Mass-
Meeting in the Thirty-
Fifth.
TWO THOUSAND PEOPLE
CHEERED HIM.
What Would Happen Should
Bryan Be Elected in
November.
THEEE WOULD BE FAILURES
EVERYWHERE.
Fallacy of Silver Monometallism Ex
posed by a Clear Statement of
Facts and Reasons.
The most densely populated portion of
the Mission was illuminated last night
with the blaze of bonfires and the glare of
rockets, testifying that the people of the
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth
and Thirty-seventh Assembly districts
were loyal to the principles of Republican
ism.
The occasion was a mass-meeting and
reception tendered to Congressman Loud
by the Central Republican Club of the
Thirty-fifth Assembly District. The clubs
of the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-sixth and
Thirty-seventh districts participated by
invitation. No hall could be found in the
district large enough to hold the great
crowd, and it was, therefore, determined
to hold the mass-meeting in the vacant
lot on Valencia street, between Twenty
third and Twenty-fourth.
Benches were arranged in the lot in
front of the speakers' stand for the accom
modation of about 2000 people, and half
an hour before that time there was only
standing-room left.
The audience was more intelligent than
the average, and the best of order pre
vailed except at the beginning of the
meeting, when a drunken man persisted
in proposing three hiccoughs and a cheer
for "William Jennings O'Bryan." He was
removed by the police and sought rest and
oblivion in a steam- beer brewery run by a
McKinley man.
A brats band was in attendance and vo
cal music was furnished by the California
Quartet. The officers of the Central Club
ol the Thirty-fifth Assembly District are
as follows: V. F. Korthrup, president; ('.
M. Depew, first vice-president; Dr. E. N.
Torrelo, second vice-president ; R. H.
Stafford, secretary; Joseph McKnight, as
sistant secretary; C. L. Hedemark, treas
urer, and E. H. Herrick, sergeant-at-arms.
The vice-presidents of the meeting
were: George VV. Elder. F. H. Hurst.
Charles Myers, E. W. Eustace, J. H. Har
nev, J. J. Jackson, Georpe A. Kutz, W.
W. Whan, R. H. Stafford, C. L. Hede
mark, James McKnight, D. P. Mulville,
J. W. Murphy, Perry J. Smith, W. W.
Macy, M. J. McPherson, E. A. Grant, J.
\\ . Howe, Buron Keily and Peter Wolf.
The meeting was called to order by
President North rup, wi.o introduced as
the first speaker Congressman Loud, who
was greeted with cordial applause.
Mr. Loud began by saying that Mr.
Bryan had not said anything about open
ing the mills and factoriesof this country,
although he had a good deal to say about
opening the mints of the country to the
free coinage of silver. Mr. Bryan appa
rently was unaware that in the United
.States Treasury to-day there was piled up
silver bullion of the coinage value of
$160,000,000, to coin which would require
ORATORY IN THE FIFTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
the mints of the United States |to run
their full capacity for three years.
He urgea his hearers to lay aside all
partisan consideration and vote on issues
which were of vital interest to every per
son in the country, no matter how poor
and how unfortunate he might be.
While the speaker believed that this
country cannot again be permanently
prosperous until it shall have returned to
that policy of protection of American in
dustries that made it prosperous, he be
lieved that the. financial question should
be t qua rely met. The Democratic party
unfortunately had brought an that ques
tion, because the relations of money and
the scientific question of finance are not
issues that should be determined by any
ward caucus. They should be determined
only afier cool, calm deliberation and not
after the heat and j assion of a political
campaign.
The speaker, as a Republican, welcomed
the issue. It should be fought out, and
the sooner this attempt, at repudiation is,
met, and strangled the sooner will this
country embark on the sea of prosperity.
If the iree coinage of silver at 16 to 1 is the
proper thing to do we ought to have it.
"If it will bring this country to bimetal
lism we shall all welcome it, because there
is not a man in this country who is not in
terested in true bimetallism, if that condi
tion shall be reached at all.
"But," continued Mr. Loud, "if the
Government coulci create values by legis
lative fiat it would be unnecessary lor us
to labor, because if government can
create a particle of value it can create
enougli to keep us in comfort for the rest
of our days."
The speaker went on and asked what
was the condition of every country to-day
whose mines are openea to the free and
unlimited coinaee of pold and silver.
People had called attention to Mexico
and have declared that Mexico was on a
bimetallic basis. This assertion was not
true, because Mexico had not coined a
gold dollar lor many years, for the simple
! reason that no man would take a gold dol
lar to the Mexican mint and have it
coined into a silver dollar worth only 53
cents.
He reminded bis hearers also that the
dear dollar is always held by the rich man
I and the cheap doilar by the poor man —
the man who works for wages. The
speaker remembered taking his |20 roll
I and paying 8 and 10 per cent discount
j to get gold with which to pay his grocery
! bill. He predicted that if Bryan should
i be elected the people who owned $600,000,
-■ 000 in gold would take it out of circulation
i and cut the metallic currency in two with
} out waiting for Concress to meet and pass
I a free coinage bill. The result of this enor
j mods withdrawal of the currency would
Ibe failure upon every hand. N<>t a bank
! m the country could keep its doors open
! for twenty-tour hours, and no man could
affoid to do business until we got on a
I sound and firm foundation.
ll' w were they poing to replace the
j $600, i 00 .000 of gold taken out of eircula
j tion? The silverites said that they would
build mints enough to coin all the silver
in the country, but they forget that it
costs money to build mints, and it '.ukfg
time, and that the great mass of the
seventy millions of people have to pay
I taxes to defray the cost of building these
| mints and keeping them in running order,
i If the people could be assureJ that Mc
i Kinley would be elected on the 3d of No
-1 vember from that moment the money
j now locked up in the vaults in this coun
| try would begin circulating in the ave
nues ot trade, and the factorifj would
begin to open, and again would the work
ingman begin to receive good dollars for
his day's work,
Did it never occur to the American peo
ple, he asked, that they never telt the de
monetization of silver until 1892, nineteen
years after t»»e demonetization? Was it
not a little -bit strange that it should have
occurred on the advent of the Democratic
party to power? Could the people for one
moment trust the party that four years
ago pledged the people that they knew
what the matter was, and that they would
so legislate that, the people wouid be made
supremely happy.
Mr. Bryan had" attempted to array class
I against class in this country, and he and
his followers should be told that they are
in the wrong country for the preaching of
such a doctrine. That mieht do in some
monarchical and autocratic form of govern
ment, but not in thig great, liberal Ameri
can Government. %
Three rousing rounds of cheers were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
given for Mr. Loud at the close of bis f
speech.
Major C. W. Kyle followed Mr. Loud. ,'
He besian by saying that even in the State !
o: Nevada there were stanch and !
thoughtful Republicans. In Inyo and
Mono counties, where he had been cam- !
paiguing recently, he had found the senti- •
ment for sound money and McKinlev. He j
had addressed a stalwart club of 800 Me-
Kinley Republicans in Carson, Nev., so
that even in that silver State were to be
found many patriots true to principle.
Major Kyle then took up Mr. Bryan's
statement that this coun'ry was great
enough and strong enough to do what
ever it desireu without the consent of
other nations. But there was one thing,
said the speaker, that no nation could do.
It could not fix a commercial value of any
commodity in the markets of the world.
No power on earth, save with the consent
• f nil the commercial world, could make a
piece of silver worth a dollar that cost
only 53 cents' worth oi labor to take out of
the mine*.
The speaker advocated the building of a
blgh wall of protection around this coun
try to shut out the competing products of
the pauper labor of Europe and Asia.
Major Kyle's speech was brief, but ef
fective, and his remarks were received
with frequent outbursts of applause.
A. P. Van Duzer, ex- United States Dis
trict Attorney, followed with a speech in
which he said that this campaign was one
of promises on the part of the Democratic '
party, which ha 1 never kept its promises.
That party, he alleged, was responsible
for the depression which exists in the
country.
It had blown out the fires in the forges
and had stopped the wheels of industry
with the free-trade heresy, and yet that
part}' had the audacity to come before the
people and ask for another term of office.
CaJifornians should remember that it was
the Democratic party thai took off 2 cents
tariff on raisins ana ruined tuat industry.
The speaker didn't know A. B. Kinne,
who was running for Congress, He
s eeroed to be a stramrer in the district.
Mr. Van Duzer had been informed that
Kinne was a Health Inspector. If there
was anything that the Democratic party
needed it was a Health Inspector, for,
judging :rom the odors emitted by that
party, it was in a ver rotten state.
Mr. Van Duzer toJd several funny
anecdotes that kept his hearers in eood
humor. Be denounced the silver craze as
the most gigantic fraud that had ever been
perpetrated upon the people of this coun
try, and read the followine list to show
that the priiue movers and backers of this
silver agitation were » band of mining
millionaires:
Hearst Estate, California.. .975,000,000
Fair l.siate, California 50, 000,000
John W. Mackay 40,000,000
J. B. Haggln, New York 40,000,000
W. A. Clark 40,000,000
Win. M. Stewart, Nevada 40,000,000
I.Niyrt Tevlfl, California 40,000,000
Francis J. Newland* (Shar
on Estate) 35,000,000
David H. Moffatt, Denver.. 40,000,000
Senator John P. Jones (Com
stock Lode) 25,000,000
Flood Ksiate 25,000,000
Denver Sliver Smelting
Works 25,000,000
R. O a Chamber* (Ontario
Silver Mine) 20,000,000
Eben Smith, Colorado 25,000,000
J. J. Hiißprniim, Colorado. 20,000,000
Joseph de l.amar 20,000,000
< lias. Jt:. Lane, California.. 20,000,000
L. t:. Holden, Old Tele
graph Mine 15,000,000
Marcus Daly, Anaconda,
Mont 15,000,000
liutte Silver Smelting
V» urkg 14,000,000
S. T. Hauser, Granite
Mountain Silver Mines.. 10,000,000
French Syndicate, Old
Telegraph Mine, Utah... 10,000,000 !
Gugonheiiner Bros., Colo
rado 5,000,000
Montana Ore Purchasing
Company 5,000,000
Leadville Silver Smelt
ing Works.? 8,000,000
1-road water Estate, He
lena, Mont 5,000,000
Senator Henry M. Teller,
Colorado 2,000,000
Senator Lee J>Biitle, Mon
tana 2,000,000
Dennis Shcedy, CuloiaUo. 5,000,000 |
Byron K. Shear, Colorado. 5,000,000
Total 9681,000,000
James A. Stephens and Andrew W.
Branch followed with spirited speeches.
After the meeting a reception w;is Riven
io Congressman Loud in the club's head
quarters at 1339 Valencia street, near
Twenty-fifth.
IN THE THIRTY-SEVENTH.
M. M. Stern Unanimously Indorsed
for Supervisor.
There was a large and enthusiastic at
tendance at the meeting last night of the
West End Republican Club of the Thirty
seventh Assembly District, D. I. Salomon
presiding.
The most important proceeding was the
unanimous indorsement of M. M. Stern
for Supervisor of the Twelfth Ward.
Among the speakers ol the evening were
Dr. Salfield, M. M. Stern and General
Salomon.
Arrangements were completed for the
jrraui rally and mass meeting under the
auspices of the club next Thursday even
ing at the Chutes. Senator Perkins, Hon.
George A. Knight, Hon. E. P. Loud and
D. A. McKinlay will be the principal
speakers on that occasion. The grounds
will be thrown open to the public ami it is
expected that several thousand people will
be in attendance.
Joint Mass-Me6tlngr.
A. grand joint mass-meeting of the Cali
fornia Democratic Club No. 1 of the
Thirty-third Assembly District and Cali
fornia Democratic Club No. 2 of the
Thirty-fifth Assembly District took place
in Mangels Hall, Twenty-fourth and Fol
som streets, last night." L. If. Maiu r,
Joseph P. Kelly, Walter P. Stradiey. L. J.
Dwyer and other prominent speakers ad
dressed the meeting.
A BIG KICK.
Grievances of the Native Sons Against.
the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
At the meeting of the excursion com
mittee of the Native Sons to-morrow night
some objection will be made against the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company in
connection with the recent celebration in
Stockton.
There are a number of grievances and
one is 1 on the question of rates. The
agreement was that the company would
charge $2 25 for the round trip and that
the company would sell the regular ex
cursion ticket at two-thirds the usual rate,
which was $3 35. That was the under
standing, so that the Nativo Sons would
have control practically of the excursion
ists. The Native Sons sold their tickets
at $2 50, thereby clearing 25 cents on each.
On the 4 p. m. train that left for Stock
ton Tuesday the railroad people broke the
agreement by soiling round-trip tickets at
$250. instead of $3 35. Every ticket thus
sold made a loss <of 25 cents to the Native
Sons, they claim.
Another grievance is that the special
Mains were to bo run on schedule time,
but as a fact they were from one to ttiree
hours late both going and com
ing. The company also agreed to
have ample, accommodation in Stockton
for all the excursionists,- but on Wednes
day morning at 1 o'clock, when the train
left for this City, nearly 1000 people had to
be left behind lor want of room, and those
who did cat on the train were packed in
what the Natives descriDe as cattle-cars,
although they held tickets calling for
first-class accommodation.
| The feeling is so hot auuin-t the South
ern Pacific that it is declared that in fu
ture , celebrations; the Native Sons will
arrange to have them in coast towns, so
that steamers can carry, the excursionists
and be independent of the , railroad peo
ple.
Meyer Held to Answer.
Henry Meyer was yeaterdßy held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Joachim
sen in $2000 bonds on tho charge of grand
larceny. He entered the room oi J. F. Mail in
the Mureciial Niel Hotel and stole his gold
watch and $75. A large quantity oi stolen
jewelry and other urtic.es was found in his
room, the proceeds of numerous other thefts,
and yesterday another charge of grand larceny
was booked against him.
If you want your pet canary to sine his
best and look his prettiest, feed him oc
casionally^ wjth hard-boiled eggs, chopped
tine, and mixed with cracker crumbs. Do
not give him more than a thimbleful of
the mixture at a time.
THE FIRST OF THE
LOCAL TICKETS
Buckleyites Get Through
With Their Convention
Labors.
THE COURTS ARE NEXT.
Nominees for Judges, School
Directors and Supervisors
Named.
PLEDGED TO PAY MEECHANTS.
To-Morrow the Ticket Goes to the
Registrar and the Lsgal Con
test Will Fol'ow.
The Buckleyitee completed their ticket
last night by maKing nominations for
judicial offices, School Directors and Su
pervisors, and their municipal convention
adjourned sine die.
On Monday the ticket will be presented
to Registrar Hinton in proper form as the
Regular Democratic Municipal ticket, en
titled to the place and party name belong
ing to the Democracy. Mr. Hinton, who
is required to accept or reject it "forth
with," is expected to reject it. and upon
his doing so the test case of the local fac
tions will at once go the Supreme Court
on an application fora writ of mandamus.
This case will have large legal as well as
judicial importance, and the Buckleyites
will be represented by a number of able
attorneys. They are supremely confident
of having the law and the equities as well
as by far the majority of the Democracy
with them.
On next Wednesday evening the Buck
leyites will hold a great local ratification
meeting at Metropolitan Temple, at which
all the candidates will show themselves
and make brief speeches and pledges.
B'nai B'rith Hall waa crowded again last
nisrbt and the work of the convention was
cracked through with expedition and en
thusiasm.
At the opening of the session Louis
Goldstone presented a resolution reeartl
inpr the debt of about $400,000 owing by the
City to merchants for municipal supplies,
referring to the debt as a "disgrace and
dishonor to the City." The policy of the!
Board of Supervisors which brought about I
this result was condemned and nominees
of the convention were pledged to the pay
ment of this indebtedness.
The resolution was adopted, and W. F.
Humphrey, secretary of the committee on
platform and resolutions, read two planks
amendatory of the platform. One was a
substitute for the financial plank, fixing
the tax rate to which the convention
pledges its nominees at 75 cents instead of
90 cents, and the other reiated to the
public schools. The planks, which were
quickly adopted, were as follows:
Financial — We plpd(?e all our nominees to mi
economical expenditure of public money. We
pied^e our nominees for .Supervisors to limit I
the tax levy for City and County purposes to I
eighty-five (85) cents on each .«100 on a total I
d valuation of $357,590,126. as now
fixed by the Assessor for the current year, but
If the law requires that the rale just estab
lished by the State Iloar i ot Equalization
must be adopted for City and County purpose*
thvu we plertße our Supervisors io a rate of
seventy-live (75) cents on each $100 on a total
assessed valuation of $422,007,600. We exact
this pie ige because we are reminded that the
City und County government for the
fiscal yt-ar 1888-1889 was run under
the Democratic pledge of $1 on each
$100 on a total assessed value of
jf25U.000.000 (exclusive of City Hall fund, in
t-iest fund and sinking fund), yielding
02,917,007 for all purposes oi tue City and
County. We believe what was done for the
City and County in 18S8-89. with a siightly
increased allowance for the l'olice Department
and other purposes made necessary by recent
legislation, can be done in 1897-98, and that
the City and County tax for said fiscal year
should not exceed 85 ceuts or 75 cents, as the
ca«e may be, on the $100 on the total valua
tion for City and County as aforesaid and tof
all purposes.
In the interest of economy and reform at
home we have reduced our pledge below 90
cents to meet tlio shameless and discrimlnat
iiiK action of tlie State Board of Equalization
in raising San Francisco County's assessment
20 per cent, ana thus imposing an additional
burden on our taxpayers of 9276,625 54 in
coin, which we now meet in part by our re
duced pledge that saves our tax payers $188,
-793 of the aforesaid sum unjustly imposed on
them by the "stand and deliver" policy ot the
State Board of Equalization.
The pledge is in contrast with tbe acts of the
Republican majority and combination in the
present Board of Supervisors, who. in 1895-90.
with a tital tax of if 2 25 on each $100, Ol
which $1 50 was for Ciiy and County pur
| poses, ou a total value returned by the As
sessor, raised and spent .1*5,130,150 of money
collected from taxes lor City and County pur
poses alone. Under our pledge, as above set
forth, there will be savei each yoar under this
platform about $2,118,048, or a reduction of
41 per cent to the taxpayer on the City and
County taxes to be paid by him wheu com
pared with his tax bill ol 18i)5-96.
We commend the action of the Hon. Joseph
I. Dimoud, present Supervisor of the Fiftu
Ward, for his fealty to his trust and fearless
adherence to his pledge.
We think it ot tue highest importance that
the School Department of the City and County
ot" San Francisco shall be lor all time at liberty
to secure the highest aud best talent available,
and to employ for its teachers and instructors
the persons best qualified for the work,
whether educated in the public or privute
schools in other States or in the public and
private school* of this State, or sell-educated.
We believe that there should be but one test
for the selection of a teacher iv the public
schools, and that a test requiring the highest
degree of integrity and ability.
We furthermore denounce "this exclusion of
a large body or qualified citizens from tho
right lo become teachers of our public schools
upon equal terms with other equally qualified
citizens as an unconstitutionally imposed
qualification for holding of office, and as a de
nial of equal rißUls before the law.
The report was adopted and then tha
first and only vigorous contest of the con
vention quickly followed. It was another
period of the battle over the nomination
in the Seventeenth Senatorial District,
waged by Thomas Egaa and Lawrence
Buckley and their friends, and in which
the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth
Assembly districts are solidly arrayed
against each other. At the primary there
was a great contest at ballot-box stuffing.
E?an receiving 975 votes, just six more
than the number of ballots Buckley's
friends could find to put in the box.
Buckley and his friends have been vigor
ously but vainly pushing a contest.
So John Rafferty read a report of a con
vention of delegates from the Seventeenth
Senatorial District, at which the twenty
five delegates trom the Twenty-eighth and
four from the Twenty-ninth districts were
present. This convention had resolved
that frauds had been committed, and the
report recommended that the convention
indorse Lawrence Buckley or order a new
primary, or that the nomination be re
lerred to the delegates to the convention
from the district.
The friends of Egan and Buckley ap
peared of about equal numbers in the con
vention, and tne ensuing proceedings were
t\d hot for fifteen minutes.
Amid great hubbub, which Chairman
Nealon resolutely tried to hold in check,
Egan made a speech, and when Buckley
had made a speech in reply there were
cheers for Egan and rival cheers for Buck
ley. There was a vote on the report,
which Chairman Nealon declared lost.
This almost threatened a riot by Buckley
and his friends from the Twenty-eighth,
but it was suppressed in its incipiency and
Buckley's contest was shelved.
The committee on judiciary then pre
sented its report, which was read by W.
F. Humphreys. The report recommended
the nomination Of the following named
for Superior Judges: Joseph Leggett,
Frank J. Mura^ky, W. G. Burke and Rob
ert Ferral; Police Judges — Walter Gal
lagher, Dr. W. J. Gavigan, George W. Fox
and Frank W. LawJer; Justices of the
Peace— A. J. Fritz, W. E. White, Frank
Schilling, D. B. Richards and J. C. Flood.
Tne report was adopted and the nomi
nations were made unanimous.
The committee on School Directors rec
ommended the following ticket: T. R.
Carew, J. J. Dowling, G. A. Trost, P. T.
Flinn, Dr. A. E. Blake, E. P. Farnsworth,
J. J. McCarthy, H. B. Morey, James
O'Connor, Frank Bragg, W. C. Read, Dr.
H. R. Morton.
The report was unanimously accepted.
For the unexpired term Superintendent
of Public Instruction John A. Wall nomi
nated Robert Haight and the nomination
was made by acclamation.
For Supervisor from the First Ward
Stephen Sanguinetti was proposed by Del
egate Morgan. Mr. Phillips named Henry
Eckhart for the same post. It was decided
that the vote should b» taken by districts
in order to save time. Sanguinetti was
chosen by a laree majority, getting 387
vote 3to Mr. Eck hart's 56.
For Supervisor from the Second Ward
Delegate Deyoto suggested the name of
Einii Kehrlein, who was forthwith nom
inated t>y acclamation.
Charles W. Pope, the real-estate dealer,
was nominaied by acclamation as Super
visor from the Fourth Ward, the Third
being temporarily passed.
Delegate Brady proposed Colonel A. A.
Andrews for the Fifth. Ward, and the
name of Dr. J. S. Stone being also sug
gested the names were put to a vote, re
s-ulting in a large majority for Dr. Stone,
who received the nomination.
Dr. W. D. McCarty proposed as nomi
nee for Supervisor from the Third Ward
the name of J. B. Mclntyre, who was nom
inated by ace.amation.
John Rafferty next presented as nomi
nee from the Seventh Ward ex-Supervisor
James Ryan, who was unanimously nomi
nated.
For the Eighth Ward W. F. Humphreys
proposed Charles Meyer, and Dr. Stan ton
offered the name of F. H. Molloy. The
vote resulted in favor of Molloy.
For Supervisor from tne Sixth Ward
Fred W. Eaton was nominated by
acclamation.
Joseph Rothschild suggested for the
Ninth Ward rf. B. Goecken. Another
delegate proposed John Qulg, who de
clined the nomination, and that of Mr.
Goecken was made unanimous.
i P. F. Cahill was proposed for the Tenth
Ward, and Reel B. Terry nominated J. W.
Fahey, proprietor of the Cosmopolitan
Hotel, whose name was greeted with much
cheering. The nomination went to Mr
Faht-y.
Dr. David Todd and Patrick Silk were
proposed for the Eleventh Ward, tne vote
going for Dr. Todd, whose nomination
was made unanimous.
For the Twelfth Ward T. G. Parker was
suggested and unanimously nominated.
The following committees were ap
pointed by the chair: On purity of elec
tions, M. J. Donovan (Chairman), Harry
M. Kelly (secretary), Richard Mattingly,
C. J. Harrington and Philip S. Fay; on
filling vacancies, Dr. James I. Clinton
(chairman), William P. Hutnphrevs (sec
retary), Charles J. McCarthy, Samuel
Newman and James J. Flynn.
On motion of Mr. O'Brien, it was or
dered that a ratification meeting be held
next Wednesday evening at Metropolitan
Temple, fit which the candidates are to be
present and pleage themselves to support
the party platform.
Joseph Rothschild moved that the con
vention conrtrm the reports from the As
sembly and Senatorial districts, and this
precipitated another fierce and des
pairing bnt brief and futile ef
fort of Lawrence Buckley and his
friends to get their Seventeenth Senatorial
contest before the convention, but the
convention had little patience for the
light, and the district convention reports,
including the one that ratified Egan's
nomination, were confirmed.
Amid the disorder of adjournment
James H. O'Brien shouted to Chairman
Nealon the thanks of the convention for
the fearless and impartial manner in
which he had presided, and he called for
three cheers for Nealon, which were given
with a whoop. The convention was de
clared adjourned sine die.
The highest inhabited building in Eu
rope is the Alpine clubhouse, on Mount
Rosa, 12,000 feet above the sea level.
hew to-dat:
THE CAUSE AND
CURE OF DISEASE.
A Texas Florist Discovered What
Scientists Could Not.
DISEASE IS FERMENTATION
Microbes the Cause, and to Cure
All Disease You Must Kill
the Germs.
RADAM RIVALS PASTEUR
An Antiseptic Gas Harmless to Human
Life, but Death to Microb.s.
DISCOVEBED AMID FLOWERS.
The Gas Saved the Life of the Inventor.
Now It. Is Saving* the Lives of
Thousands.
Twenty -five years ago William Radam,
a young man then 25 years old, landed
in New York. He was a Gorman and
could not speaK English. He had been a
soldier in the German army and later had
Deen in the employ of Emperor William
In the Imperial Gardens, Bellevue.
There he had learned, as only Germans
can learn, how to care for flowers and trees.
When he landed in America it was natural
that he should take up the cultivation of
flowers and trees as a business.
He began in Austin, , Texas, and in a
few years became one of the leading florists
and nurserymen of the West. Wealth
came to him, but did not biin-: him happi-
ness, because as his material possessions
grew his health failed. To the original
complaint of malaria had been added
rheumatism, then catarrh and finally con-
sumption. After being treated by the
most skillful physicians for several years
Mr. Radam found himself seven years ago
virtually at the point of death. It was at
this juncture that he thought of applying
the knowledge he had gained in the treat-
ment of disease in plants to the treatment
of his own serious maladies. He had dis-
covered that all the diseases of plants are
caused by a sort of fermentation, and that
wherever this fermentation appeared there
William Radam.
were also germs or microbes. Following
his researches he discovered that these
microbes were not only at the point of ap-
parent disease, but had permeated the
very heart of the plant and were in every
drop of the sap. He had discovered a com-
bination of antiseptic drugs that would
kill these microbes and so bring the plants
back to healthful growth. This point was
reached after many experiments, during
one of which Mr. Radam experienced a
certain feeling of exhilaration. Later he
found that, after applying his remedy to
his plants, he himself was in better health.
As the plants gained in strength so did he,
and it was but natural that this coinci-
dence should cause him to turn his atten-
tion from the health of the plants to his
own health. He found that the theory he
knew to be correct in the case of the plants
seemed to be equally reasonable when ap-
plied to himself. The result was more
and more careful experiments, which
finally led to the discovery or invention of
his now celebrated "Microbe Killer." AH
progressive physicians admit the correct-
ness of the germ theory of disease. They
know that all diseases are caused by germs
or microbes, which lodge in some organ,
get into the blood and multiply as if by
magic. A weak spot in the body offers a
place for the lodgment of a germ, and it
is the propagation of germs and the con-
sequent fermentation in this spot that
makes the many so-called diseases. If tht
microbes settle in a weak spot in the lung!
the disease is called consumption. If thej
settle in the digestive organs and cause
fermentation there the disease is called
dyspepsia. " ■
Differing locations and different stages
of development cause varying symptoms,
which are called by many different names.
Back of all these names and symptoms is
the one reason — the real cause of all
microbes. These may be entirely
exterminated by the use of William Ra-
dam's "Microbe Killer." As soon as they
are completely eradicated from the blood
and from the spot where the fermentation
is the disease will disappear. There is no
possibility of it lasting after the microbes
are gone, because they, and they alone,
create it.
Radam'B Microbe Killer should be taken
three ;or four times a day in wine-glass
doses. It is not a strong medicine, and is
made by impregnating pure water with
various gases. It is pleasant to the taste.
Perfectly harmless and a positive and cer-
tain cure for all blood and chronic diseases.
A fifty-page book, giving full particu-
lars regarding this wonderful medicine,
also testimonials of cure?, mailed free.
RADAM'S MICROBE KILLER CO.,
1340 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
BRANCHES:
456 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
45 Mary Street, I'a*adentt. Cal.
1235 First Street, San .lose, Cal.
360 Morrison Street. Portland. Or.
1010 Front Street. Seattle, tVasli.
And of All Druggists.FAIR IN AID OF
HOMELESS BOYS
All of the Final Arrange
ments Have Been Com
pleted.
ENTHUSIASTIC WORKERS
Prospects of a Large Fund Be
ing Raised for the Youths'
Directory.
NUMEROUS AND COSTLY PRIZES
List of the Vjricus Booths and th 1 ;
Ladies Who Will Be in Charge
of Them.
Judging from the enthusiasm mani
fested in the preparatory work for the
great festival in aid of the Youths' Direc
tory, that event, which is down for Tnurs
day, September 24, will be one of the most
successful affairs of the kind ever held in
this City. It is to be held in the First
Regiment Armory.
At the last meeting held at the Youths'
Directory headquarters, there were fully
four hundred persons present, half of
whom were ladies, ana all the final ar
rangements were completed. James ft.
Kelly presided ana Miss N. M. Sullivan
acted as secretary. The various commit-
Rev. Father Crowley.
tees which had been engaged in the work
of collecting funds for the affair reported
that they had met with unexpected en
couragement in almost every quarter, and
that in consequence they had a large fund
of money on hand. •
Rcy. Father Crowley, the head of this
institution for homeless boyB, expressed
himself as much gratified over the results
thus far, which much exceed even his
most sanguine expectations.
According to the reports of the ladies
having in charge the labor of securing
prizes for the festival, the booths will dis
play some of the most costly prizes ever
offered, ana their number will be excep
tionally large. These will all be raffled
for, and include cows, horses, buggies,
pianos, sets of furniture and hundreds of
other valuable articles.
Through the generosity of James A.
Haran, the popular secretary of the
Baife-Moore club, the ladies of the Holy
Cross booth will be able to offer to the
patrons of the fair a unique tea set of Irish
porcelain. It is hand-painted in green
and gold, the design being a shamrock.
John Dignan will have a piece of real
blarney stone on exhibition, and the priv
ilege of kissing it will be vouchsafed to all,
so that no one who attends the fair will
ever need to be diffident of appearing in
Public or in private as a speaker. Many
other novel attractions will bs on hand
and the field for enjoyment of all kinds
will be practically unlimited.
Captain T. P. Crowiey, who for years
has held the medal for being the best shot
in the Knights of the lied Branch Rifles,
will take charge of the shooting-gallery.
H. J. Meagher will look after tne art gal
lery and Eustice Culiinan, a graduate of
the Notre Dame University, will edit the
Bazaar Journal, which will be published
every day during the fair. Mrs. Edward
May will take charge of the advertising
columns of the Journal, and both will be
assisted by several bright local journalists.
- In addition to the many other attrac
tions several orchestras and bands will
play during the various evenings of the
festival, including Blanchard's, the Ama
teur Symphony orchestra, the Hebrew,
Orphan Asylum band, the Letter-carriers
band and the Sacred Heart College or
chestra.
Among the accomplished musical artists
who will render their servisea during the
fair are the following:
Miss corgi anna, AlissHeffernan, Mist Anita
Roney. Miss Daisy Keane, Miss -Catherine
Black, Miss M. Sullivan, Miss Bnrdell, Mrs.
lowers, Miss Stanley, Miss Gallagher, Miss
Watson, Midi M. C. Kirby. Mrs. Griffin, Miss
Carroll, Miss Caroline Knox, Miss K. Scheuk, I
M is« L. Sch&fer, Mia* Van der Nalllen, Miss S.
Clernhaw, Ming K. Rvhh, Mi<s Luse, Miss C.
Johnson, Miss Anna Daiy, Miss Dlxon, Miss
Sherry, Mi.-s M. Coleman, Miss F. Ryan, Miss
M. C»llagh«,n, Miss Florence Burke, Mrs. P. H.
Hay, David Manlloyd, Frank Coffin, W. J.
O'Brien, Mr. Desmond, G. K. Bice, Mr. Ti.ion,
W. Lougblin, O. V. Wood, Mr. McAuliffe, Mr.
Daly-. P. Lawier, Mr. Parent, Mr. Hoffmann,
Mr. Hopecr&ft, W. Hynes.
Professor O'Brien will bring his class to
show off in a new Austrian minuet, and
Messrs. Heffernan, Keener and O'Con
nor, the prize jig and hornpipe dancers,
will be a feature of some evening's enter
tainment.
The various ladies of the several booths
have been allotted the following named
nijrhts for an evening at home, in which
they will give a vocal and instrumental
concert as well as entertain their friends:
. Thursday, September 24, the festival opens.
Mr. Kelly presides and the Archbishop delivers
an address. '• *
Saturday, September 26— Martha Washing
ton's evening at home.
Sunday. September 27— Vocal ana instru
mental concert.
Monday, September 28— Golden West.
Tuesday. September 'M— 8t Anne's booth.
Wednesday, September, 30 — Providence
booth.
. Thursday, October I— Holy Cro«s booth. = B ■■'
Friday, October 2— Floral booth.
Saturday, October 3— St. Josephs Union
booth. ' '■-■ - v,
Monday, October 5— Mary's Cathedral
booth.
Tuesday, October G— St. Patrick's booth.
Wednesday, October The Pines booth.
Thursday," October B— St. Rose's booth.
Friday, October League of the Cross booth.
Saturday, October 10— Brendan'* booth. ;
The booths are as follows:
Holy Cross booth— Mrs. Casassa, Mrs. J. Spot
tiswood, Mrs. J. Rezan, Miss M. Connolly, Miss
1. Keeie, Miss M.>Casas«ft. Miss K. Casatsa,
Mi— li. Regan, Miss Connolly, Miss M. Lang,
MissXellie Jones, Miss Helen O'Reilly, Miss
M. Spottiswood, Miss M. O'Toole, Miss Lizzie
McDonald. Miss Emily Hartrick, Miss Maria
Casas_a, >r.s> K. Regan, Miss Jennie O'Reilly.
Martha Washington bootls— Mrs. J. Deasy,
Mr*. L. Butters, Mrs. H. F. Donleavy, Mrs. J.
Ryall. Miss M. K. D«?ftsy, Mrs. Sarah Tierney,
Mi^s Anna Donovan, Miss Julia Donovan, Mrs.
Jer Kelleher.
St. Josepb Union booth— Miss K. M. Sullivan,
Mrs. r. R. Bannerman, Mi.-s M. B. Kelly. Mrs.
J. O'Neill, Mrs. X M. L*witrr, Miss J. Sullivan,
Mi-s M. -Noon, Misses (i.d'.aglier, Mrs. J. liudde,
lira. If. Schaefer, Miss McWilliams, Mrs. K. M.
O'Brien. Mrs. P. Sullivan, Mrs. J. F. Suliivan,
Mrs. M. Murry, Miss T. Kelly, Miss J. Harrigan,
M;ss M. Wulsh, tne Kissel oNeill.
St. Mary's Cathedral booth— Miss B. Roper,
Mrs. JoM'ph King. Mrs. C. L. Green. Mis* N.
Dinan, Mrs. M. A. Costhii, Miss M. A. Coszriff.
Kin M. Barvey, Miss K. O'Dobertv, Miss M. a.
Roper, Mrs. J. BKyes, Mrs. A. H. St. Marie,
Mr.<. E. May. Miss M. Cooper, Mrs. Byrne, Mrs.
T. Piui.ket.
St. Anne's booth— Mrs. W. M. Shnughnessy,
Mrs. E. McCoy, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Frost, Miss.
K. Black, Miss N*. Kirby.
Golden West booth— Mrs. W. P. Chandler,
Mrs. M. J. Wrin, Miss Annie Connelly, Mrs. K.
H. Gadsby, Miss Kittle Gadxby, Miss Phyllis
Gadsby, Miss M. Donahue, Miss L. Connelly,
Mrs. R. Browne, Miss Julia Murphy, Mrs.
James McGmty, MUa A. Connolly.
St. Bren lans booth— Mrs. James Ryan, Mrs.
T. J. Cus'.ck. .Mrs. P. J. Ryan, Mrs. J. J. Dona
hue, Mrs. Siggins, Miss" M. T. Rran, Mrs. J.
Reldy, Miss ft. Callaghan, Miss Maria Dona
hue, Mrs. H. Boster.
St. Patrick's booth— Mrs. McKernan, Mrs.
Eugeni- Harrigan, Mrs. M. liurns, Miss Liliie
burns. Misses B. and L. Bowman. Miss Mary
Carroll. Mrs. M. Murphy, Misses Murphy, Mid
A. WothauN Miss K. Siack, M.>- M. M.-eiian.
"The Pines"— Mrs. G. T. Krox, Mrs. P. J.
White. MissN. H. Queen, MissL. Harvey, Miss
Herabers, Miss M. A. Kelly. Mrs. W. P. P. St.
Clair. Mrs. tf. Welsh, Mrs. J. Turner.
Providence boot:i— Mrs. X>. D. Keane, Misses
Keane, Mrs. Flynn, Mtu M. O'Connor. Mi-s M.
Sullivan, Miss L. McGeary, Miss C. Flynn, Mrs.
J,. i'owt-rs. Mis* s. Newell, Mrs. Dr. Graeer,
Mrs. T. O'Dwyer, Miss L. Orr, Mrs. J. P. Lysett.
St. Rose's booth— Mrs. J. Harden, Mrs.
Doheny, Miss M. Horn, Misses Duffy, Mrs.Lnt
tig, Miss Mary Hayden. Mls^ K. Walcott, Mrs.
Lupton, Mi-s If. o'Mahony, Mis* Rose Collopy,
MfcM May Miller.
I-engue of the Cross booth— Miss A. M. Cur-
Icy, Mrs. W. Swett, the Misses A. A. and K. C
Browne, Miss Agius Carter, Mi-s A. Baum,
Miss M. Mrtun. ihe Mine* A. and D. Curran,
M'.ss Mary Wallace. Miw Catherine Power, Mrs.
John Kuane, Miss Mar? Liftset.
Icecream booth— Mrs. W. H. Keith, Miss A.
Waicot, Miss N. O'Brien, Miss A. Lynch, Miss
M. McGilien, Miss Wright, Miss McKenzio, Miss
M. Baum, Miss Quinn.
Refreshment booth— Mrs. J. C. Roberts, Miss
A. Fennell, Miss F. U'Brien, Mrs. C. Mc
( Hrihy, Mrs. Thomas Sl.-utery, Miss N. Rili>y,
Mr<. Bcnmltt, Mrs. M. Ryan, Mlsi M. Connolly,
Mrs. K. O'Conneli, Mrs. Thomas Meßride. Mrs.
H. Lancke, Mrs. D. F. Kenny, Miss M. H.
Gang.
Floral booth— Miss Josephine B. Mnlcare,
Mis- May B. Mulcare, Miss Etta Rose, Mis*
Belle Hemmenway, Miss Belle A. Goldman,
Misi Lillian Goldman, Miss Clara Doran, Miss
Kittie Whelao, Miss Annie Hayes.
WHITE CARS FOR MAIL
A New Streetcar Service to Be
Inaugurated Next
Monday.
Average of Two Hours Saved to
Patrons of Uncle Sam— Other
Innovations Promised.
The removal of the receiving and dis
patching department of the general Post
office on Washington street to Station D
at the foot of Markec street was begun
yesterday afternoon at4o'clock. All night
long twenty teams were engaged in mak
ing the transfer and it is calculated that
everything will be in smooth running or
der by to-day.
Beginning to-morrow (Monday) the new
street railway postal service will be inau
gurated. This will give to San Francisco
the most perfect system of any city in
America. To business men it will be par
ticularly advantageous and to tbe average
correspondent an innovation of never
ceasing joy.
To Superintendent of Railway Mail
Service Flint, Inspector in Charge Munro
and Postmaster McCoppin is due the credit
of the new service. Mr. Flint saw the
needs of such a system months ago and
unfolded his plans to tbe other gentlemen
named. The three canvassed the situation
thoroughly,, finally submitting to the au
thorities a; Washington the plans which
will be consummated within the next
twenty-four hours.
Last Monday the first official teet of the
new system was made. At 11:01 o'clock
the car to be u?ed on ttie broad-gauge ca
ble lines left Station D at the foot of Mar
ket street. In exactly thirty-two minutes
Stanyan street was reached and the return
trip begun. One minute more was re
quired on the down trio, the whole con
suming exactly one hour and live min
utes. This included two brief stops, at
Station B, City Hall avenue, and H on
Hayes street. On the broad-gauge cable
line the first car will leave at 5:40 a.m.,
making ten round trips each day.
The trial trip on the electric line was
equally successful. The first objective
point, Station J, was reached in exactly
tifteen minutes, four minutes being lost
in making the loop around Broadway,
Stockton and New Montgomery streets.
The run out Kearny and Mission streets to
Station C, on Twentieth and Mission, Tras
devoid of interest, except that the lost
time was made up and something like iive
minutes gained. The major portion of
this was lost, however, in making the turn
at Twenty-second street, two blocks be
yond. The return trip was made on
schedule time, one hour and thirty-seven
minutes, though it is believed this will be
improved somewhat when the system is
in thorougii working order. The first oar
on the electric line will leave the foot of
Market street at 5:37 a. jl, making seven
round trips to Station C and five to Sta
tion J.
The official time from Station D to Stan
yan street and return was as follows:
Left Station D, 11:01 a. M. ; arrived Station
B, 11:14; left Station B, 11:15 ; arrived Station
H, 11:22; left Station 11,11:23; arrived Btan
yan street, 11:32. Return trip— Arrived
S-.Btior. H, 11:40 A. M. ; arrived station B,
11 :52; arrived -Nation D, 12:05 p. m.
On the electric line the time was as fol
lows:
Left Station D, 3 p. M.; arrived Station J.
3:15; left Station J, 3. Hi; arrived Station C,
3:39; left Station C, 3:40; arrived Twenty
•etond street, 3:4i5; left Twenty-socond street,
3:48; arrived fetation C, 3:50; left Station C,
3:51; arrived Station J, 4:21; left Station J,
4:22; arrived Station D, 4:37.
The Sacramento-street or narrow-gauge
cable lines will be officially tested this
morning at 10 o'clock. Station A, Poik
and Sacramento streets; F, Fiilmore and
Sacramento streets, and M, Sixth avenue
and Clement street, will be served by this
road. Nine round trips will be made daily
to Stations A and F and four to Sta
tion M.
Ti:e three mailcars are perfect models of
the mechanic's art. Painted white, with
gold lettering, they are extremely attrac
tive, and were admired by thousands yes
terday. Tue interior finishings ar£ perfect
in cietail. the distributinL-desks and
pouch-rack 3 being particularly complete.
The cars cost $1500 each, aud have been
built under the direction of Superin
tendent Fiint. The latter expects soon to
make other innovations whicn will materi
ally improve the local service.
The removal of the mailing department
to St.? tion D necessitates many changes in
the Washington-gtreet office. In all
ninety employes, fifty-seven from the
mailing nnd thirty-three from the City de
partment, will work from tbe new sub
office. The gpneral delivery, money order
and stamp business and general offices
will remain at the Washington-street
oflice.
When the new street mail system is
in smooth running order it is expected
that a saving of from a half to three hours
frill be effected.
The Divorce Mill.
Judge Sanderson yesterday granted Jennie
B. Pruna a divorce from Luciano B. Prana be
cause of the latter's failure to provide.
London has 75,000 street lamps, Paris
50,000, New York 28.0CU.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
ROACH WAS NEAR
A LEGAL DEATH
Peculiar Story of a Man
Found Floating in
the Bay.
TAKEN FOR ANOTHER.
Was Positively Identified as a
Former Salesman of O'Con
nor & Moffatt's.
THE LIVE MAN TO THE FRONT
Notifies the Conner That He Objects
Seriously to Being Buried
Alive.
Mathew Roach, temporarily an inmate
of the City and County Hospital, came
very near being legally buried yesterday
afternoon. As it was he only missed it by
THE UNIDENTIFIED MAN AT THE MORGUE.
he fraction of a second. The body of the
man who was to have been interred
under six feet of earth and who had been
positively identified as Mathew Roach,
again rests on a cold marble slab at the
Morgue with the fearful-sounding word
"unidentified" resting over him.
The case is probably the most peculiar
that has ever occurred in this City. The
facts, briefly related, are as follows: Fri-
I day morning the body of a man was seen
j floating in the bay near tbe Ocean House.
j It was finally captured and removed to
the Morgue. Later in the afternoon H. J.
Stone of 24*5 Tnird street positively identi
fied the body as that of Mathew Roach,
formerly employed at O'Connor & Mof
fatt's. The last-named parties were noti
fied of the death of th»ir former clerk,
j wr.ereupon they immediately agreed to
I bear the Burden of the expenses incident
i to a decent funeral.
James M. Co^tcllo, connected with the
establishment, was asked to look after tne
burial, and without any delay he sought
the services of O'Connor <fe Co., underiak
ers. The body of Roach was removed to
their place of business and duly prepared
for interment. Yesterday mornine sim
pie serTices were held, and then the lonely
procession started for Tnird and Town-
I send streets, where the funeral-car was
waiting to convey the remains to Holy
Cross Cemetery.
About the time the Droce«sinu reached
the station Deputy Coron-r McCormick,
who was at the Morgue, was called up
over the telephone.
"Say. is tnat the Morgue? I want to
see Coroner Hawkins or Deputy McCor
mick."
"Thia is McCormick taUtine now. Who
is it, and what do you- want?"
"Well, say; t'ni* is Roach — "
"Which Roach?" interrupted the dep
uty.
"Matbew Koach, and I want to—"
"Well, I guess not. You can't scare me
with any such talk as that. Mathew
Roach, or rnther his body, is now on its
way to the Holy Cross Cemetery."
"Yes, I know. That is just wnat I
want to talk about. I am the original,
Simon pure, Matliew Roach, and I object
to being buried before 1 am dead."
Other conversation followed, during
which it developed that the Mathew
Koach who worked for O'Connor & Moffatt
had been for some time at the City and
County Hospital, consequently the corpse
then on its way to the cemetery could not
be his. Stone was undeniably in error,
and the kindness of the real Roaca's
former employer- was a mistaken one.
McCormick telephoned to the Third and
Townsend street station just in time to
stop the funeral-car. The casket contain
ing the again unknown man was removed
and later conveyed back to the Morgue.
For a second time it is among the "un
identified," and in all prooability will
finally find a resting-place in the potter *
field instead of the sacred ground of the
Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE LOAM WAS STOLEN.
Park Comminioncri and Several Others j
M»y Get Theinselveg Into Trouble.
J. C. H. Mathai, a capitalist living at
3281 Mission street, owns a lot 400x265 feet
on the Ocean road, near Twenty-sixth
street. It was about four feet above the
level of the road, and was covered to a
depth of some feet by fine loam.
For some weeks people have been going
to the lot during the early morning hours
and carting off the loam, till now there is
very little left. Mathai posted up notices
warning people against carting off the
ioam, bat the notices were always torn
down as soon as put up. Yesterday morn
ing fifteen wagon-loads were carted away,
and Malhai's two daughters, who were on
the watch, followed the wagons to Golden
Gate Park. They found the men had been
9e!linK the loam to the Park Commission
ers for $1 a load.
The two young ladies went to Judge
Conlan's court and told theif story. They
wanted warrant* for the arrest of several
"John Does" for petty larceny, and war
rants against the Park Commissioners for
receiving stolen property. They were i
told it coald not be done, and then they
asked for a search warrant t<> eet back the
stolen loam. This whb politely refused,
and they went away disappointed.
Su«ml for Libel-
The Dairymen's Union of California has sued
the proprietors of California Orchard ' and '
Farm, a weekly paper published in Oakland, '
for $10,000 damages for libel. An article
heaaed "Rascality Punished" was published
in tne periodical. The article reviewed the
action of Judire Slack in the case of C. E. Whit
ney vs. the Dairymen's Union, and accused
the union of several unbusinesslike procedures.
B. F. Fehneraan is the owner ol Orchard and
Farm.
BUTCHERS TO PICNIC.
Will Hold a Grand >xcursion to San
Jose Next Sunday.
San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose
lodges of the Journeymen Butchers' Pro
tective and Benevolent Association of
the Pacific Coast will hold a grand excur
sion and barbecue to Agricultural Park v
San Jose, on Sunday, September 20.
Extensive preparations are being made
to make tbe event a successful one, and
it is expected that there will be a large
attendance.
There will be a street parade in Ban Jose
after the arrival of the excursion and
novel features will be introduced. Five
steers, weighing 4000 pounds, will be bar
becued and served free to tno-e who go on
the excursion. There will be dancing in
two pavilions and various amusements
and diversions for all who participate.
Round -trip tickets have been placed at
$1. Train will leave Third and Townsend
streets at 0 o'clock k. m. and returning
leave San Jose at 6:30 o'clock p. m.
Lectured on Gold Mining,
Academy of Science Hall was crowded with
an appreciative audience of mining people
Friday evening fo listen to the lecture on gold
mining given under the auspices of the Gold
Mining Exchange. Auuustus J. Bowie, M.E..
det«iied much general information on gold
mining in all its phases for over an hour.
Mr. yon der RoDp. superiutendent of theSeiby
Smelting Works, failed to appear owing to ill
ness in his family. His paper was read, how
ever, by President T>imbull. Though short it
explained cieariy the mannerof extracting the
precious metals by the fire process.
SOUTH OF THE CHANNEL.
Scavengers Disputing Neptune's
Possession of the
Flats.
An Impetus of Improvements Ali
Through South Sin Fran
cisco.
A steady and continuous line of im
provements is being prosecuted on the
south side of the Mission channel. John
F. Kennedy, who has leased a portion of
tne railroad property on the south side of
Kentucky street beyond Long bridge, is
having the waters of the bay forced back
by the dumping of refuse matter, which is
being placed there by the scavengers and
covered over with earth preparatory io
making the area acceptable for a lumber
site which he will occupy as soon as
acceptable.
Farther south the Potrero Land and
Improvement Company haa about com
pleted the filling in of four acres of ground
that heretofore was a yawning chasm unfit
for anything except the habitation of frogs.
To ti.l this in 130,000 cubic yards of rock
had been removed ironi Kentucky-street
hill, better known as Hluerock MIL
The ground thus improved is bounded
by Twentieth and Twenty-second streets
on the north and south and Sierra aud
Napa on the east and west. Houses that
formerly stood on t;e sloping side of the
chasm have been rr.ised eighteen feet, to '
conform to the grade.
Tnis gigantic job has required eighteen i
months of constant work and fifty men '
lound steady employment during that
period.
Tiie same company that has done so
mucn to improve this portion of the City
will next attack the Kentucky-street hill
from the west side and cut Twenty second j
street from Indiana to Mississippi street!
throueh to Kentucky, thus honeycombing [
the big blue hill which will in time find
place on the Mission mud flats.
John Kelso, Who has secured the con- '
tract for grading the county road from j
Eighteenth avenue to the Five-mile |
House, a distance of two and a half miles, '
has started the work with a determina- i
tion to push it to a finish. So fur he has !
cot tlse road in condition as far as Twenty- !
fourth avenue, tae place where the recent i
homicide of Florentine took place. The !
house which be occupied at that lime has !
now been placed on stilts seventeen feet
high for thepurpoße of getting it on the
grade of the new level, which will be filled
in to that height by tie contractor.
As soon as Kelso finishes this avenue
will form a very pleasant ariveway from j
the City into Sin Mateo County, as the !
roadway will be 100 wide, over which the
railroad company will extend its clcotrio
line of cars, joining the San Bruno line at
its junction with Railroad avenue at the
Five-mile House.
This proposed extension will be hailed
an a boon by the thousands of workmen
employed at the Spreckels Sugar Refinery
and the rolling-mills, as it will enable
them to reside in a healthy portion of the
suburbs without the inconvenience o(
computing time and complicated trans
fers as issued by Mr. Vining ana changed
so frequently as to puzzle the public.
•—• — * — •
.teaching Out fur Trade.
Some of the exhibitors at the Home
Products Exposition at the Mechanics'
Fair have joined together to send out 5000
copies of an illustrated work describing
the present exposition at length and riv- i
ing engravings of each exhibit at the fair.
The work is to be sent out all over the Pa
cific Coast, Central America and the Ha
waiian Islands, and will be placed where
it will do the most irood.
A Lecture by i ather Vorkr.
The Catholic Knights of America will give
an entertainment at Metropolitan Temple on
Thursday evening, the 17th. Rev. Father P.
C. Yorke will lecture. Admission will be fre«
but none may enter without tickets, which are
to be obtained from the pastors of all the
Catholic churchns and from members of the
Catholic Knigiiis of America.
BRYAN WILL LOSE
HIS OWN STATE
Nebraskans Are Patriots
and Will Not Support
Anarchy.
TEST VOTE BY FARMERS
Sporting Mep Offering Heavy
Bets on McKinley's
Success.
IS MR. BRYAN HENPECKED?
Major McKinley's Reasons for Saying
at Home as Stated to
Colonel Stone.
Colonel George Stone of the Union
League Club returned last Thursday
morning from a trip through Ohio, Il
linois, Wisconsin, lowa and Minnesota.
He left here several weeks ago to attend
the National convention of the League of
Republican Clubs at Milwaukee, to which
convention he had been appointed as a
delegate from California.
Whiie East Colonel Stone wa3 elected
one of the executive committee of fifteen
to wait upon Major McKinley at Canton,
Ohio. Colonel Stone was also a delegate
to the Grand Army of tbe Republic en
campment at St. Paul. He found that the
oil soldiers almost to a man will support
McKinley, even those who voted for
Grover Cleveland four years ago. The
majority of those old soldiers also have a
son or two in the family old enough to
vote. The colonel kept his eyes and ears
open while in the East, in order to learn
the true state of popular sentiment. In
Illinois he found that the sentiment was
for sound money and McKinley.
Sporting men in Chicago are offering to
bet even money that Illinois will give
50.000 plurality for McKinley, and that he
will receive 75.C00 more votes that Bryan
in that State. Ohio is put down at 75,000
majority for McKinley. Michigan is
looked upon as doubtful, the nominee for
Governor on the Repub.lcan ticket being
a very unpopular man, and the party
itspit being badly split in that State.
Wisconsin is looked to for 75,000 major
ity. Minnesota and lowa, in Colonel
Stone's opinion, are absolutely safe. These
statements are based upon the expres
sions of the sentiment of tbe people with
whom he had conversed in those different
States. .
Aboard the train on which he left for
home were four extra pa:*senger coaches
conveying Nebrasua farmers to their
homes, after attending the State Fair at
Omaha. The colonel took a poll of the
p?ople in those four coaches, with the fol
lowing result: McKinley 75, Bryan 29,
not voting 7. He aiso interviewed the
seven train men and found that they were
for McKinley. As a proof that those lour
coaches represented the sentiment of
Nebraskans tie coaches were dropped from
the train before it got out of Nebraska.
Colonel Stone was very much surprised
at the result of the straw vote and ques
tioned nearly every one of the seventj
five McKinley men as to their reasons for
not supporting Mr. Bryan. They in
formed him that they did not consider
the silver Issue at all, but that they were
too patriotic to indorse the anarchistic
platform adopted by the National Demo
cratic Convention at Chicaao.
On his visit to Major McKinley at his
home in Canton, Ohio, he asked the Major
why he did not take the stump, and the
Major replied that he did not think it
would be dignified for a man who aspired
to be president of a great nation to be
traveling all over the country begging
people to vote for him. It would do him
more good, he thought, to stay at home
aii.il receive the delegations from the peo
ple who came voluntarily to visit him
lrom ail parts of the Union.
The major makes riva or six short
speeches a day aud never repeats himself,
as Brvan does. § Colonel Stone was greatly
pleased with Major McKinley. He found
mm to be a man of nrai:is "and a states
man. When the colonel asked the Major
as to what he thought of the prospects for
his election the major replied that he
placed his reliance in the good sen^e of
the American people. He was confident
that they wou:d never go wrong when
they understood the issues, and that they
had never b?en and never would be found
irresponsive whenever an appeal was
made to their loyalty to the Republic.
In reply to a question by a Call re-
Eorter as to the prospects of New York
tate for Republicanism Colonel Stone
replied that sporting men in Chicago were
offering unlimited amounts of money even
up on the proposition that McKinley
would receive lf-0.000 more votes in New
York State than Bryan.
The latest political go&sip in the East is
that if Major McKinley ia defeated Mrs.
W. J. Bryan and not William J. Bryan
will be the President. In fact the gossips
say that the spouter from Nebraska is badly
henpecked and that his wi.e revises all his
speeches before they are delivered.
GENERAL DICKINSON.
Nominated for the State Senate
From the Eleventh District.
General John H. Dickinson was yester
day unanimously nominated for State Sen
ator by the .Republicans of the Eleventh
Senatorial District, including the counties
of Marin and Contra Costa.
The convention assembled in the rooms
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee and elected William 8. Wels of Con
tra Costa chairman and Mark T. Sickia
secretary.
Resolutions were adopted indorsing the
St. Louis platform and United States Sen*
ator Perkins.
♦ ■■
CATOR'S PRIVATE FUSE.
How He Has Been Trading: Judges
for Assemblymen.
T. V. Cator, who wants to be United
States Senator, and who is willing to fuse
the whole Populist party in furtherance of
his ambition, is still engaged with the
corrupt Democracy in swapping Senators
and Judges for Assemblymen. The fol
lowing is a sample of the circulars he is
sending out:
San Francisco, Sept. 9, 1896.
My Dear Sir: There are en Assemblyman
and Superior Judge to be elected in
county. Tbe Democrats generally are giving
us the Assemblyman for the Superior Judge,
and they are satisfied with my contest for
Senator, In view of my long services for the
cause of silver. Last night you were elected a
member of the Suite Silver Campaign Commit
tee of California. It weald be acreenbla to
that entire committee, as well as to the Demo
crats generally, it you would make this ar
rangement.
■ I leave for BakersfleM to-night, and hope to
learn on my return that you have used your
good offices in this matter. Very sincerely,
Thomas V. Cator.
The Democrats have given the Populists j
the two Assemblymen from San Joaqnin j
County in return for Populistic support of !
Jndge Joseph H. Badd for Superior Judge.
Judge Budd is father of the Governor, and
earnestly desires to be elected.
NEW TO-DAT
CITYOFI&PAKISi
SPECIAL VALUES IN
JUST OPENED.
50 pieces 44-inch Wool and Mohair Fancy Suitings at. . . 75c per yard
65 pieces Mohair Lizard Sailings, very stylish, at . .... . . $ I per yard
85 pieces Mohair Pierola Cloth, in raised effects, the latest novelty, at
•;. . . . • \ ........ SI .5O and SI .75 per yard
A Complete Assortment in Twine Suitings, Coupure
Cheviots, Imperial Twills for Tailor-
made Suits.
SE SABIjA SSFAHTOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VIIjIjB de paris.
__^ BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
j l ,JMi^"ij@! c j^^"' *»? v*u * TR«^ ~" \ . j
•Wlil^^^i^^^' CHARUS C Ho*6,Fuhll.h«f~ lfi - SUBSCWITrOU DUNK j^{
! i5l HiuiißSr oo<- 42> *- -*+■ ■+- •c. i
Cifil H^WP*?^ NO ___ F»1 0«t and fleturn ts /cr<i? tJCe&C- <_y ZUcZ^.^Mt. It |
llj H|||j3)j "^K K*tnniu.Mirenni I »utij. 3TATtana>3. •»1 i
/i(f^f^> S^nFftnclKQ..., -. .IS9& J^ 1
• Q ' fillip T r " * *"" l hereby subscribe Five Do!Urs for one cop - of " ou * SOCI ETY " ; '
I * !|g " i'^^sj~4^ BLUE BOOK forthe season of 1896 ' able to the publisher or ordei; I {
• 0 !" 1 ™ 35 *—""*"" 1 """ ' ■ on delivery before Chri«nw».lB9«k • & 1
JK! Is sold by subscription. .N |
'i. Advance Order* only J |
lo> Will be raccgnixed, at < ,
I I thoedit.on is hmitedto K-m>, ... - •"» »
!«• the class of people* for ' •
><Tl which the work ie spe- ! • I
irjl dally intended. ' I
I », Subscribers will find AAA r —. ■ 1 I
I •'<&. blanks enclosed. Address. , I •
! BLUE BOOK OFFICE, YCU^wTLI'RErErvVArOPY'opVTIVFo^KCT'EDITION'GR/^r 4 * T !
u_ -,-_..—.••*
DOCTOR COOK,
-.■-■.. - * ' 7
863 Marltot Street, San Francisco, Cal.
That Doctor Cook is a true specialist of the very highest at-
tainments has long been known throughout the medical world.
That he is now so regarded by the sick people of San Francisco
and the slope is evinced by the vast number of them who con-
tinue to seek his professional services from day to day. They
go to him for help because he is an upright, honest, high-minded
gentleman as well as a great physician who is able to cure every
curable disease with which humanity is afflicted.
In the treatment of Lost or Weakened Manhood and their
long train of distressing symptoms ; in the treatment of Gon-
orrhoea, Gleet, Stricture and Syphilis ; in the treatment of Vari-
cocele, Hydrocele, Atrophy or the wasting away of the organs ;
in the treatment of these and similar sexual ailments Doctor
Cook is beyond the shadow of a question the leading and most
successful specialist in the United States to-day.
Doctor Cook cures not only every kind of sexual debility,
deformity or decay, but he also cures Piles, Fistula, Rupture and
Chronic Catarrh. He pays particular attention to ailments of
the Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat, Brain and to diseases of the Heart,
Lungs. Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary Organs.
Female complaints of every character also come within his
specialty. . : •
If you have any of the above afflictions do not give up in
despair. Consult Doctor Cook, who cures where other physi-
cians only experiment. He has no substitutes, but he himself,
personally, goes thoroughly into each individual case and care-
fully follows.it through all of its various stages until completely
cured.
Doctor Cook's system 'of ' home treatment by mail is perfect,
and if you cannot call write. Tell everything fully and without
reserve. Office hours— 9 to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 and 7 to BP. M.
Sundays from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
; DOCTOR COOK,
865 MARKET STREET, Opp. Powell, S. F., Cal.
1--,^ > ■ . \ '. : : to— : i ' — ~ ■ —
: p=F- SE 1 ,, ENWYROYAL PILLS
te^p^ ffisfsx,.- Pennyroyal ph ls
-, Wire Md ilair -U»,- j /,Tfc>A «»rc, i_w».t» reU&blt. . uons A
tresses, Keclmin: *- U VNi_M Dnifgitt for aic»«;-r. iw,,n 2>Miff-\
L,^^ Ciutira, Wheel Cn»lri. fr^»nCw~ — "' lfr -* >T "* PoW m-uiilc'vVJsy
T ' "ft , ■■- - , Commodes, Bacit i'.ey.i jS», — i>«v|l>oxe«. ieale4 with bine ribbon. Tikt Yy
jil I f'Jlfl! **• A. SCHROCii, [L - ft? tims and imitation: AtDrug«i«., or i«n<!4«.
4HU \' | }|j 21 — '- I<• JPlnirt«Bip* fur Dwtl3»l>n. »«tiiac»l«ta «*4
1 ilolul, S. r. ' |oU Kr ail Lcml DruMin*. "hii^-p. gg
910
OLYMPIC HIGHT
AT THE PAVILION
Sprinters, Tumblers, Wrest
lers and Boxers Will
Attend
ON MONDAY EVENING.
Considerable Interest Being
Taken in the Coming
Charter Night
HEALT AND PHELAN TO DEBATE
The Edison Electric Light Company
Exhibit Is One of the Hand
somest at the Fair.
Yesterday was the banner day of the
fair, so far as attendance is concerned.
By 8 o'clock last night 9870 people had
passed through the gates, and they kept
coming in small squads for more than an
hour after that time. It was a good
natured sight-seeing crowd which filled
the big corridors, first listening to the ex
cellent concert, and then inspecting the
pictures in the art gallery as they had not
been inspected before.
During the afternoon there was a special
entertainment for the children. A num
ber of tots gave a splendid exhibition of
step and fancy dancing for prizes. R.
P. Doolan acted as judge, and awarded
the first prize to Miss Pearl Sewena Lund,
a pretty girl of 5 years.
She was dressed in a pink gown ar
ranged in a manner convenient for skirt
dancing. Mrs. May Wilkins of Oak
land, her teacher, superintended the pre
liminary details.
The child's efforts were confined to a
skirt dance and the highland fling. She
was awarded a beautiful gold locket and
chain, and given an order for a life-sized
portrait in water colors.
Dixie Grey was awarded the second
prize for her excellent performance of the
sailor's hornpipe. The trophy in this in
stance was a gold forget-me-not wreath
and lace pins.
Marion Roseville, winner of the third
prize, was given a gold wreath and pearl
scarfpin.
The athletes of the Olympic Clnb have
decided to take possession of the fair Mon
day evening. All the crack sprinters,
tumblers, wrestlers and boxers of the club
will participate in the entertainment,
which promises to be one of the finest of
its kind ever given under the ausiuces of
this institution. The general manage
ment of the affair has been allotted to Su
perintendent William Kennedy. He has
selected a committee of able assistants,
including: Dr. Short, John Cooney, Jack
Cathcart, Billy Hailett, Pete Sloan, Bob
McArthur, and a host of others.
'Howard P. Taylor Jr., the new leader of
the ciub, will have charge of the enter
tainment proper. This will be the first
affair of this kind entrusted to the care of
Mr. Taylor, and he will, no doubt, exert
himself in his efforts to see that the pro
gramme is carried out snccessiully.
All the acts are new. a number of them
having been especially prepared for the
occasion. The center of the main floor of
the Pavilion will be cleared, in order to
make room for a stage and circus ring.
A flying trapeze and steady bars will be
erected, and at the conclusion of the con
cert the orchestra will render a series of
circus airs to the accompaniment of the
acrobatic feats. Over 1000. members of the
club will be present.
The following programme will be ren
dered during the evening by the Oiym
pians:
Tumbling— F. Duck, A. H. Q. Cooper, J. R.
La Rue, W. Ltnsley; triple bars— Professor H.
Belau, R. Leandro, W. Ltnsley; baiidow act-
Professor G. Miehling; fencing tfoils)— J. H.
Horrigan vs. H. Fisher; duelling swords— E.
Ortlon vs. Professor Tronchet; wrestling— D.
Mahoney vs. J. Spiro, F. Butler vs. E. P. Arm
buster; boxing — I). Whalen vs. M. P. Haye«, E.
Fentress vs. S. Carter ; blackened glove con
test—J. Reay vs. F. V. Kington.
A special meeting of the exhibitors was
heid last evening in the board rooms of
tne Pavilion. J. H. Gilmore presided and
W. A. Hewitt acted as secretary. It was
decided to award six gold medala, and
there will be a general sweepstake prize.
A special medal will be given to the best
machinery exhibit, and the others will be
distributed among the general displays.
Every one will have a chance to cast a bal
lot. The following committee will have
charge of the arrangements: Messrs.
Fisbbeck, Littlelield, Hendy, Hewitt and
Mussy.
Local interest is being manifested in
charter night, which is set for Tuesday,
September 15. Yesterday the following
challenge was issued by two members of
the Municipal League:
For the purpose of definitely settling the
status of the proposed new charter in its rela
tion to tbe rights of the people and to put its
defenders on record, we, the undersigned,
offer the following objections to that docu
ment, and affirm that we can make it plain
that said objection exists in said vicious in
strument:
First— lt is too long — a very bad feature in
an organic act.
Second— lt is indefinite in important matters
where the rights of the people are concerned.
Third — i pretends to provide for the acquire
ment of public utilities, but makes no condi
tions, for their acquisition depend upon the
will of the present owners.
Fourth — It would take the proper legislative
function from the people's representatives
and lodge it with the Mayor, or abolish it alto
gether. •
It is narrow, bigoted and not in harmony
with ihe spirit of enlightenment in regard to
education.
It is a corporation conspiracy to prevent
public improvement and to Intrench the rights
o! those who hold watered stocks.
It makes permanent the large salaries of the
heads of departments and makes it easy to
scale the wages of those who perform manual •
labor.
It makes contract labor on public works
permanent, thus preserving a constant source
of corruption, and virtually prohibits any
public work being done costing more than
$500. no matter how urgent said work might
be, unless done by this pernicious method.
It is a rich man's charter and the only sure
thing that provides for the unfortunate poor
man is work in the chaingang, which the
authorities under that document will see that
he does in competition with iree labor.
We allege all of the above defects in the pro
posed new charter, and assert that there is in
ternal evidence ' that these defects were wil
fully placed in that instrument by the framers,
who knew these defects and deli) erately placed
them there. All the foregoing faults we affirm
to exist in the proposed charter, and hereby
challenge the proponents oi that document,
James i). Phelan and J. Richard Freud, to a
public debate on the merits of the case at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on the night of the 15th
of September, "Charter Night."
P. J. Healy,
J. ML Reynolds,
Municipal Reform League.
- Neither Mr. Phelan nor Mr. Freud has
as yet accepted the challenge, but it in
generally believed they will do so.
Neither Mr. Freud nor Mr. Phelan has
as yet signified his intention of accepting
the challenge, but it is generally believed
they will be on hand. - " • -. ;
Electricity practically applied is splen
didly illustrated at the fair, in the shape of
an exhibit by the Edison Light and Power
Company of this City. The. matter of
electric lighting as well as the effects capa
ble of being produced by this means are
not as novel features as they were in the
earlier days of electric illuminating, and
the company has wisely refrained
from making a display merely
of lights. Instead there is shown some
comparatively now methods of applying
electricity in practical, every-day life, and
this portion of the display foreshadows
some of the great things that are certain
to be accomplished by electric power in
the near future.
For instance, there are to be seen in the
display a variety ot cooking devices as
well as electric heaters. These are all of
Course operated by the turning of a key
which turns on the current, and the view
ing of these few devices gives rise to
thoughts of the day when electricity shall
be able to accomplish so many wonders
that what are now deemed burdens and
labors in life shall be lightened by turn
ing a key that sends an electric current to
do the work. These cooking and heating
devices are just coming into use, and it
will probably not be many years before
electricity will be as much used for such
purposes as it is for lighting to-day.
In such event it is gratifying to know
that San Francisco has a company fully
equipped and capable of supplying the
City with all electric power that may bo
required for all purposes whatever. The
Edison Company has one of the most
complete plants in the country and it is
capable of being enlarged to any extent
that the demands may require.
It is the intention of the publisher of
the California Fruit-Grower to illustrate
leading features of the fair in that
journal in order to demonstrate to readers
at a distance the growth of the home-
product sentiment.
MISSION DEFENSE CLUB.
Will Oppose the Amendment to the
Constitution Regarding the
Mortgage Tax.
At a meeting of the Mission Defense
Club held last night at Twentieth and
Guerrero streets a committee, consisting
of D. Kelly, H. Nolt, W. Wallace, H. Metz
ner and Joseph Scheerer, was appointed
to take action with and advise all im
provement clubs in the City to oppose the
adoption of the proposed amendment to
the State constitution regarding the mort
gage tax.
Resolutions were adopted to the effect
that members of the Legislature be pledged
to pass a law which will in the future pre
vent such vexatious suits against owners
of property as that recently decided in the
Noe heirs case, which was decided by
Judge Sanderson in favor of the settlers. "
The club decided to invite speakers at
the next meeting, on Saturday evening, to
discuss the proposed amendment.
A vote of thanks was tendered The Call
and Examiner's representatives lor the
faithful reports of the club's proceedings.
The woman suffrage question will be
one open for debate at an early date. Sev
eral women will speak.
MRS. SPALDING IS DEAD
For Years Lessee of the Bella
Vista, Built for Her by
Mrs. Fair.
Went a Bride to Virginia City in
1862 and Since 1887 in the Hotel
Business Here.
Death came not unexpectedly yesterday
afternoon to Mrs. Volney Spalding, who
for the last twelve years had been propri
etress of the Bella Vista Hotel, built for
and leased to her by Mrs. James G. Fair.
Born in Canandaigua, N. V-, Miss Ben
ham married in 1862 Dr. Spalding, and the
young and beautiful bride came West with
her husband, and they established their
home in Virginia City. There it was in
the early mining days that they became
well acquainted with the Fairs. Nor did
Mrs. Fair forget the; friends she had known
before her husband had amassed a great
fortune.
In 1877 Mrs. Spalding and her husband
moved from White Pine, Nev., to this
City, the provident wife assuming at once
tbe management of the Ralston House,
then a fine nev family hotel. For seven
years Mrs. Spalding continued in control
of the Ralston, leaving it only to move
into and'open the Bella Vista, on the cor
ner of Pine and Taylor streets, at that
time probably the finest high-class family
hotel in the Far West. It had just been
built and furnished by Mrs. Fair for the
express purpose of providing Mr?.
Spaldidng with the most desirable quar-
The Late Mrs. Volney Spalding, for Whom Mrs. James G. Fair Had
the Bella Vista Hotel Built.
ters for her increasingly successful busi*
ness.
By a strange coincidence the Ion? lease
expires on the Ist of next month. It had
been Mrs. Spalding's intention to renew it
then.
The deceased leaves no near relatives
here, Dr. Spalding having died ten years
tfgo. In the East there is a brother and
sister. The only relative on this coast is
a cousin living in this City, the wife of
Huch Hume, editor of the Post.
The funeral services, to be conducted by
the Rev. Dr. Foute of Grace Episcopal
Church, will be held to-morrow forenoon at
the Bella Vista. The interment will be in
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, where
rest the remains of the husband and the
son.
Free Lecture.
The Rev. Dr. Lewis de Lew, a converted Jew
and a graduate of Oxford University, England,
will deliver a lecture in Cambrian Hall. 1133
Mission street, on Tuesday, September 15 at 8
P. m. The lecture will be to Jews and Chrls
| tians. All are cordially invited. Admission
j free.
•—• — • — ■ _
Pile*! Piles! Mac's infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itching
*nd protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
& Co., druggists, 504 Washington street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
FROM PULPIT,
VESTRY AND PEW
Dr. Goodwin Will Not Re
turn to the California-
Street Church.
DR. PHELPS IS THE MAN.
He Is Frcm San Luis Obispo and
Comes Very Highly In
dorsed.
PROPOSED CHANGES IN SYNOD.
The Trustees of the First Congrega
tional Church Are Still Deter
mined lo Resign.
Some snrprises will be developed this
week when the M. E. conference at Pacific
Grove makes known the changes in the
pastorates of the various churches. Foi
instance, the well informed are already
aware tnat Rev. Dr. Goodwin of the Cali
fornia-street M. E. Church and Rev.
Thomas Filben of the First M. E. Church
will both go to fresh fields and pastures
new.
Dr. Goodwin's departure will be a great
surprise, as it is not two years since he
came from Chicago to take charge of the
California-street Church.
The reasons which have made the offi
cial board pass^resolutions declaring that
a change of pastor would be for the good
of the church are not of a sudden growth,
however. In fact, there has been a certain
strained feeling between Dr. Goodwin and
his flock ever since the conference of a
year ago. At that time Dr. Goodwin had
only been about «ix months in the church
and as he was giving satisfaction his flock
sent down delegates to make application
for him to be continued in the pulpit.
"To their surprise," said a prominent
member of the congregation last night,
"these delegates learned at Pacific Grove
that Dr. Goodwin was making application
to be put into the Southern Conference.
There did not appear to be any complaint
coming on the pastor's side — his salary
had been paid regularly — but he has a
married daughter in Los Angeles, which
may have accounted for his desire to go
into tlie Southern Conference. Anyway,
the delegates were disappointed to find
that their going to the Grove had frus
trated their pastor's plans and this year
we resoived not to make the same
mistake.
"A few weeks ago Dr. Goodwin wa/i
asked whether he desired to join the
Southern Conference, and as he did not
give any definite answer theofficiai board,
at its last meeting, passed resolutions de
siring the pastor's removal."
It is already semi-officially known that
Dr. Goodwin's successor will be Rev. Dr.
Phelps of San Luis Obispo. It is the de
sire of the Methodist denomination to
build up tbe California-street church, as
the locality is considered a very desirable
one.
Dr. Phelps is considered to be just the
man for the position.
At Pasadena his church was the leading
one of his denomination in the commun
ity, and by his energetic work and the
eloquence of bis sermons he more than
treoied the number of his flock. Dr.
Phelps will come to .San Francisco veiv
highly indorsed by Bishop Foss, who has
known him well for years.
It has been no secret for some time that
Rev. Thomas Filben will probably go to
the University of the Pacific in an official
capacity. To make security more sure,
however, it is generally understood that
the congregation of the Fyst M. E. Church
has expressed to the presiding elder the
opinion that a change of pastor would be
for the benefit of all concerned.
For one reason Dr. Filben is an ardent
civic reformer and some of his church
members think he has diverted some of
the interest which properly belongs to his
nock into the channel of reform in munic
ipal affairs.
The Methodists are anxious to seethe
First Church built up and made a tower of
strength to the denomination. Its pres
ent location on Powell street, however, is
not considered suitable for achieving this
end, and there is some hope expressed
that conference will this week takeup the
question of removing the location ot the
X irst Church to the block owned by the
Methodists on Van Ness avenue.
The trustees of the First Congregational
Church have definitely decided not to re
consider their determination to resign.
When questioned on the matter yester
day, W. F. Whittier said: "The trustees
will resign. Opon that point they are
firmly resolved, and the fact will be offi
cially communicated at the meeting next
Wednesday."
This resolution will be a great blow to
the officials and members of the church,
who are stiil cherishing the hope that tru
trustees will be induced to change their
minds. It is stated, however, that they
will be compelled to go on serving until
the end of October.
The official year does not beein till .Tan
r?r V- The resigning trustees are Messrs.
Whittier, Merre!!, Dutton, Co eman and
Djdpe. Deacon Morse had previously re
signed and Trustee Frank is now deceased.
In the natural course of events the
trustees serva for two years and go out
two at a time, but in the present state of
things seven new trustees will have to be
elected at once.
It is generally believed that a new board
of trustees will not be elected nil January,
and that the church will worry along as
well as it can till then.
Rev. Dr. Adams, who is coming to sop
ply the First Congregational Church for a
few weeks, with the possibility of a call at
the end of that time, is expected here
toward the end of October.
No call has been issued to any pastor yet
to fill the pulpit of the Fourth Congrega
tional Church, which was left vacant a few
weeks ago by the return of Rev. F. Fla
with to England. The church is having a
series of supplies a;H when it finds the
right man he will receive a call.
The Presbyterian Synod of this State
will open in Calvary Church on the 15th
of October. A distinguished visitor ex
pected to be present is Rev. Dr. Duncan
J. McMillan of New York, one of the secre
taries of the Board of Home Missions. Dr.
McMillan's address is being looked for
ward to by his Presbyterian brethren with
a good deal of interest.
One of the most important questions to
be brought up before the synod will be
the question of whether the State Synod
shall become a representative body. At
present its personnel consists of all the
ministers in the State and one elder from
each church. This means about 200 mem
bers, and as the churches are taxed for
traveling expenses, etc., for all these dele
gates, it is argued that the expense would
be considerably lessened if each presby
tery elected one or two members and as
many elders. This would reduce the
synod to about thirty-five members.
INJURED BY THE CARS.
Two Children, a Boy and a Girl, Nar
rowiy Eacape Being Crushed
to Death.
Two children, a boy and a girl, had a
narrow escape yesterday from being fa
tally injured by the electric cars.
Yesterday morning a Bryant-street car
collided with one of the Cascade Laundry
wagons at Twenty-sixth and Alabama
streets. Charles Burgess, a boy 10 years
of age, was seated on the dashboard of the
wagon at the time and was knocked under
the wheels of the car. He was dragged
out in a limp condition and it was thought
that he was seriously injured. He was
sent to his home, on Serpentine avenue
and Bryant streets, and Dr. McLaughlin
was summoned. The doctor found that
no bones were broken and that the boy
was only slightly injured.
The other accident occurred to Mary
Bowen, a girl 10 years of age, who lives at
1902 Mission street. She was crossing
Mission street at Fifteenth yesterday af
ternoon and was knocked down by a car.
She was, fortunately, knocked off the
track and escaped with wounds in her
scalp, caused by the fall. She was taken
to her home and medical assistance sum
moned.
ENORMOUSLEAD PRODUCT
Big Showing of the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan and Other
Idaho Mines.
F. W. Bradley en the Need of Pro
tection in Cceur d'Alene— Produces
One-Fourth of Our Lead.
F. W. Bradley, superintendent of the
noted Bunker Hill and Sullivan n^ine at
■\Vardner, Idaho, is at the Palace. This is
the mine of which John Hays Hammond
was general manager and V. M. Clement
superintendent, both of whom have become
widely known in connection with South
Africa.
The Bunker Hill and Bullivan is in the
famous Cceur a' Alene district. Although
it was for a long time generally spoken of
as a silver mine it is a great producer of
i lead. The silver amounts to little com
pared with the lead and so important is
the Coeur d'Alene district in its output
that it produces one-fourth of all the lead
in the United States. This statement,
when the celebrity of the Galena and
Joplin lead mines is thought of, is a sur
prise, but Mr. Bradley avers that it is true.
"One thing that concerns the miners of
Northern Idaho, therefore," he said, "is
the duty on lead, for the Slocan country,
j immediately north in British Columbia,
is a heavy producer of lead and without a
duty on it it would compete with our lead
and lower wages.
"Under the McKinley bill there was a
duty of two cents a pound on lead. This
was taken off and then there was a strug
gle to get lead protected a.L-ain. It was
finally done by the Wilson bill by laying
one cent a pound duty on argentiferous
lead, and three-quarters of a cent on pig
lead. This suits us pretty well. There is
a smelter at Pilot Bay on Kootenai Lake,
B. C, and we get a little pig lead from
there.
"Liead has been as low as $2 50, but it is
now worth $2 *X). We are mining from
the Bunker Hill and Sullivan about 600
tons of ore a day. This ore, when we have
concentrated it, runs 65 per cent of lead
and 25 per cent in silver.
"There is a pood deal of interest in
politics in Idaho. I suppose there is no
doubt that Bryan will carry the State, but
there are not near so many Bryan men
there now as when he was nominated.
There were twenty-seven McKinley men
in the Republican State Convention in a
total of forty-live. Senator Schoup is doing
some hard campaign work for McKinley,
mainly by circulating literature. The
Republicans are not making many
speeches. There are but two Republican
newspapers in all Idaho, all the rest being
for Bryan. The two for McKinley are the
Boise Statesman and the Coeur d'Alene
News."
Mr. Bradley is here on a business trip
and will probably remain a week or two.
Father Yorlce's Next Lrtnre.
•The Son of a Carpenter; or, The Catholic
Church on Labor," the third lecture of the
series on "Current Controversy," will be de
livered by Rev. Peter C. Yorke to-morrow
(Monday) evening at Metropolitan Hall under
the auspices of the American Women's Liberal
League.
In India the lotus indicates life; in
ancient Egypt it means death.
NEW TO-DAT.
??I^ isious and Nervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache
t■ u eBSI illness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness. Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed
fcieep, * rightful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc., when these symptoms
5 r . c « c S, used by constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST nOBK WIIL GIVK XX-
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to complete health
iney promptly remove obstructious or irregularities of the system. For a
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
1 !i o c ma * lc — B few d °se« will work wonders upon the Vital organs, strengthening the
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen edpe of appetite
f£rn ar °££ lng Wlth the K »» eb " d of *«en-tli the whol* pliynical energy of the human
Jrame. These are facts admitted by thousands, in all classes of society and one of the best
punrantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is that Beecham's Pill, have the Largest
Sale of any Patent Medicine In the World. B
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
Yor k s ™^ I>rU f stores ' or T iil , be r* 111 £>' U- 8. Agents, B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
xor jc, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application.
WILL RISE ON
NEWSPAPER ROW
An Important Move Made
by the Hearst
Estate
IN ORDER TO BUILD
Upon the Site of the Nucleus
Building at Third and
Market
FINE STRUCTURE PROBABLE
Final Arrangements Were Made With
Tenants Yesterday to Give Up
Their Leases.
The tenants in the Nucleus building
on the southeast corner of Third and
Market streets have reached an under
standing with Edward H. Clark, the local
agent of the Hearst estate, to surrender
thoir leates and to vacate the building be
fore January 1, 1897.
Negotiations have been progressing to
this end for some time, but the matter was
not finally concluded with all of the
tenants until yesterday. Most of the
tenants had leases and several of these
were due to run one year longer. The
location being a fine one for business the
tenants of the stores especially were loth
to move. They have been finally per
suaded and several tenants said last even
ing that they had received notice that they
were expected to move out by January 1.
From this they inferred that the last ob
jection to a surrender of leases had been
overcome and that the persistency with
which the agent of the Hearst estate has
followed up this matter, undoubtedly at
the instance of Mrs. Henrst, indicates a
desire to make long contemplated and ex
tensive improvements on the site.
"It looks to me." said one of the ten
ants, "that this move must be
preliminary to turning this corner
into a part of a sort of Printing-house
square or Newspaper row. Of course the
agent has not told any of us what is np.
1 know that the impression is general
among the tenants that the Hearst estate
is in a hurry.
"To expedite our movements terms for
relinquishing our leases have been offered
which must have been satisfactory to the
tenants or they would not have been ac
cepted. Therefore it is plain enough that
the owners of the property must have
been willing to pay as a bonus a consider
able sum in the aggregate to be free to go
ahead and demolish this building and to
build, in addition to the income for one
year which is surrendered.
"It is not reasonable to suppose that
anything less than extensive improve
ments are in mind. We have finally come
to an understanding to-day, and I think
that others finally closed to-day."
Mrs. Hearst was not in the City last
night, beiag at ncr residence in the
country.
The construction of another large news
paper building on Market and Third
streets, directly opposite the new building
of The Call, will make a very noteworthy
newspaper section in San Francisco and
center the chief newspaper activity in a
; comparatively small area. If the plans
which the Hearst estate management has
in view have been formulated they have
not been in shape to make public, but
there is no doubt that the new building
to be erected will be a fine one and worthy
of Its surroundings.
NO FREE CLINIC.
Dr. de Vecchi Writes to Correct an Er-
roneous Impression.
In regard to an article published yes
terday the following communication has
been received:
Tttar Sir: Under the headlngof "A New Free
Clinic" in to-day's Call, at page 9, there is an
article in reference to the St. Joseph's Home
; which needs to be corrected. There is no free
i clinic at the home, but as I am interested In
; the welfare of that institution, which is most
i.deserving on account of ihe very noble and
'charitable work of the Franciscan Sisters, who
have charge of the place, I advised the physi
cians who are connected with the home to
start an ambulatory. The home Is not able to
provide any outside patient with medicines
i and bandages, as stated in the article, because
: beinu supported only by charity it finds it
| difficult to nttt-nd to its own patients.
In regard to the staff of the home r.s given in
the article, I must say I do not belong io it, as
I only attend to my private surgical cases
which I often send there, being at the same
time convenient to me and a help to a very
deserving institution. Begging yon to excuse
me for importuning you, 1 remain, respect
fully yours, J. p. de Vecchi,
San Francisco, Sept. 12, 1896.
HE GOT S IX MONTHS.
Sentence Passed Upon Chris Christian-
sen, the Wounded Burglar.
Chris Christiansen pleaded guilty in
Judge Low's court yesterday morning to a
charge of petty larceny and was sentenced
to six months in the County Jail.
Christiansen is the young waiter who
attempted to break into the residence of
George McCraith, 331 Church street, last
Tuesday, and was fired at and wounded in
the scalp by McCraith. It turned out that
on the night previous Christiansen stole
all the clothes from the clotheslines in
McCraith's yard, and they were found in
his trunk in bis brother's house on Fif
teenth street. It was on this charge that
he pleaded guilty, and the charge of at
tempted burglary wan dismissed.
Knocked Down by a Car.
David Dalarie, a boy living at 425 Chestnut
street, was stealing a ride on a wagon yester
day afternoon when the driver discovered him
and. whipped him off. In jumping away the
boy got in the way of an electric car and was
knocked down and injured internally. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
'/ n^'_^_^_ _..'.' NEW TO-PAT^.
FAtl *
DOCTOR SWEANY.
The Ablest and Most Successful
Specialist of the Age!
This Great Specialist Has Made Life Anew to
Thousands Who Had Been Given Up by
Other Physicians.
The Glory of Man Is His Strength
Strong and Vigorous Sexual Organs
Make Healthy, Light-Hearted, Viva-
cious, Bright-Eyed Social Men and
Women.
■^i A J^ Debilitated and dis-
i IIOQP* UPfiTZI HC£ eased, produce
■ IIVdV ClClll9 through the Nervous
Vj- > •3' System almost all the
horrible and distressing disease which human flesh is heir to.
Doctor Sweany SSrLH
& _ thefields of Med-
ical Science discovered new methods and new remedies for
the treatment of such diseases, which NEVER FAIL to produce
the most gratifying results.
Young, Middle-aged and Old Men,^£:
youthful indiscretions and unnatural losses, if you are on the
road to idiocy, insanity and the grave, if gloomy and melan-
choly hallucinations and morbid fear pervade your mind, If
you are despondent and down-hearted, if you have lost all
energy and ambition, if you have an aversion to society, if your
memory is failing and you are unfit for business or study,
come at once, before it is too late, to DOCTOR SWEAN Y, and
he will quickly, safely and permanently cure you. The strict-
est Secrecy observed in cases of this character, so cast aside
all feelings of shame to consult the DOCTOR. I Get well and be
a man.
Wrecked Manhood and Wrecked Womanhood,
There .are Thousands and Tens of Thousands of Unhappy
Homes in our land to-day where the cause can be directly
traced to the loss or partial loss of Sexual Power in either the
man or wife. Many of those so afflicted believe their condi-
tion to be a process of nature which has to be endured, when
in fact it is a disease and CAN BE CURED. But it is a lament-
able fact that the majority of those who are In this deplorable
condition, through false pride and sham modesty, neglect and
allow the disease to run on until the result is total impotency,
a blighted home and in many cases desertion or separation.
To such unfortunates I will simply say that I have a treatment
for such diseases which has never in one instance failed to
restore the weak, debilitated and diseased organs to their
natural conditions and to their full power and vigor
Private Diseases, Gleet, Stricture, and that most 'loathsome
disease, blood poison, the curse of humanity, thoroughly and
forever cured. .-:
ALL CHRONIC DISEASES.
Eye. HUrtsjsay; ss[ gsrc&ft&ss ass^^Ka?
* »T»Ullllls sore eyes, granulated lids, tumor, cancer of the lids, etc. •
Ear. ) '*, afnM f from catarrh, singing or roaring noises, thickened drum inflammation of
ddl* external ear, purulent chschaxging from ear, etc 7 "turn, umimmmou m
Throat ra^rS I ;^^
Lungs. tloS «>tCS, «a c<me1 "' O" 1 ™ »» <**«. difficult? la VeMbim, h.p.«n.
Heart SfSJS-ISSS&^S *° d "** *»"• <"»»•* *■■> «>«.»«•.» »< *««.
Stomach. ' tSEb£ZS2^&B^sg^iBu%^
Kidneys. £spir^x^r/A. !±?bysMBgt?sS2t£
Bladder. ffi°?.».7^ "• "'•'""•
aw&c'iv.^
Rupture. %S^X£^gss2!b£l£&& «■< *""'"'"'
Heart, Brain and Nerves. I h',, y d °v h 'pn.Son"o I !°;?, <>
feeling, fullness of the head, a tired discontents *i« * dim , breathing and suffocating
a dread of being aione or the reverse yon *r» «n«r f f elln /' fear of impending danger or death,
brain and heart. You have no , timl J\n<£ r^f" ing from a serious disease of the nerves,
v/uiia>cnoiime to lose. Call at once and consult the old Doctor.
WOmen aJXU^&^T any of the dis « a ** peculiar to your sex, sucn as
tion or ulceration, bloat ™eadaohp«/^« a '> SUpp J eSsed or P* lnf «l menstruation, inflamma-
organs, call or write to him He will nal Weakn^? any disease of the genito-urinary
and bring ha Ck to you that heShT^^
You Can Be Cured at Home.
will write I'fuii^and a distance and are unable to call
plain words such adv^A^f.^ d . es cription of their case in
great and l lasting benefit * glven aS he deems will be of
* Letters answered in all Foreign Languages. ;
-A- IDIOTS ESS
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco. CaLTURNED OUT A
SUFFERING PATIENT
Strange Treatment of a Sick
Man at the Receiving
Hospital.
WAS AT DEATH'S DOOR.
Mike Sweeney, Asphyxiated by
Gas, Experiences Man's
Inhumanity.
LIFE SAVED BY THE POLICE.
But for a Fortunate Circumstance and
Timely Aid He Might Have
Died.
The officials of the Receiving Hospital
are responsible for turnine a suffering pa
tient out upon the street early Friday
morning, while, according 10 police cap
tains and City Prison officers, he should
have been carefully treated and watched.
Instead, however, of giving the unfor
tunate fellow the attention his case is
paid to have deserved, he was ejected to go
where he pleased. The police interested
themselves in his case and succeeded in
having him taken in at the City and
County Hospital.
About 7 o'clock in the morning the do
liceman on duty at Mission ana Eleventh
found a man lying on the ground and to
all appearances; in a complete state of col
lapse and suffering intensely. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital in a
patrol-wagon. At that institution the
man on duty refused positively to take
him in or to alleviate his sufferings.
"That fellow's been on a tare, and all's
the matter is d. t.'s," said the worthy.
"Throw him in a cell; the City Prison is
pood enough for him."
The patrol-driver and policeman re
marked that at least the sufferer should be
given a dose of medicine, the usual
remedy known there as "d. t. mixture,"
but they were told to hurry the sick, man
to prison. So the wagon moved to the
other side of :he City Hall and its occu
pant was helped into jail. Sergeant Bid
wlil was in charge of the priion and he
protested against taking the man.
"I never saw tuch a bad case of de
lirium," saiu the sergeant. "He was
phasing and shaking all over, and I saw
lie was no suoject for the prison. He was
not in a lit condition to be thrown into a
cell, for the man was tick and needed
medical treatment. So 1 ordered him
taken back to the Receiving Hospital. He
was sent bacK to me a second tirm\ and
then Sergeant Hough taling heard of the
case. We talked the matter over and con
cluded that we could not take him into
the prison, for tie was siclj and suffering.
"About 8 o'clock, sorueUuwg Jike an
hour later, Captain liealy iouud a sick
man lying upon a plank near the coping,
just beside tiie Receiving Hospital. He
notified us, and, to our great surprise, we
found that it was the same poor fellow.
The captain said, 'Why, this poor man
is s-hakmg to piecs. and should be in the
hospital.' I told him that Mike Sweeney
— for that was ike name given by the sick
man— had been taken into the hospital
but ten minutes before.
"They turned Sweeney out of the hos
pital immediately after he was received.
They put him out on the fence and left
him there. Even then he was shaking
terribly, and we thought he migbt die if
not given prompt treatment.
"Captain Healy made an investigation
on his own bebalf, but could get little sat
isfaction, so he sent Sweeney in the wagon
to the City and County Hospital. Isow
Sergeant Houehtaling and myself will
liave to make a report of the matter to the
Chief.' 1
The physician in charge at the time
Sweeney was turned out of the Receiving
Hospital is Dr. Fitzgibbon, and the
steward's name is Fogarty.
A sad feature of the case is that Sweeney
had no home or friends and found himself
a castaway until the humane police offi
cers went even beyond their duties to save
his life.
Sweenev was examined at the City and
County Hospital and the doctor ordered
him put to bed immediately. Instead of
delirium tremens it was ascertained that
the hapless fellow was in a dangerous con
dition from the inhalation of gas, and to
ail appearances delay might have caused
his death.
He was considered worthy of special
treatment, and the doctors worked over
him for some time, with the result that
he is now convalescent. He is still very
weak and likely will not be discharged
from the City and County Hospital for
some days to come.
The* story ha tells is that he was in a
room Friday morning and the gas es
caped, but he woke up in time to struggle
out of the place to the fresh air. A few
minutes later he was discovered by a
policeman on the street in an unconscious
condition and prostrated. It is believed
that he had been drinlcing heavily and
made a mistake with the gas in his room
after retiring Thursday night or Friday
morning. The doctors at the City and
County Hospital say he showed no signs
of delirium tremens; and this makes the
ejection from the Receiving Hospital all
the more difficult to expltin.
For some time past there has been
trouble about the care of insane patients,
but anyhow Sweeney's case could not
come under that head. The police authori
ties will make this a test case.
BUILD UP OUR MARINE.
United States Consul Bell of Syd
ney and His Efforts to
Get Trade.
He Says We Pay $150,000,000 a Year
for Freights That Ought to Be
Carried in Our Own Ships.
George W. Bell, United States Consul at
Sydney, Australia, is at the Occidental,
en route to Sydney after a month on the
coast and in the East. Consul Bell is
very much in earnest in the interest of
foreign trade. He says that since he has
been located at Sydney he has felt con
stant chagrin at the smallness of our
trade with Australia, where with the right
kina of effort we might have it increased
enormously.
"The Australians are very cordial, en
terprising and honest people," said he,
"but there is a feeling that we have neg
lected our opportunities; and this feeling,
so far as I have been able to judge, exists
regarding us all over the world. It is to
some extent taking hold of our own peo- :
pie, but not sufficiently to enable us to
start right to do anything.
"More than anything we need a com
mercial marine. Once we were the r iory
of the seas, but oar greatness on the hea
has long since departed. What is it
that made England the queen among
maritime nations? Not her navy. It is
her merchant marine, that is greater even
than her navy.
"Look at San Francisco. She does not j
do over 2, or at the outside 2>£, per cent
of the trade of the Pacific ports. This City
ought to be one of the sreatest commercial
cities of the world. The position of San
Francisco fits it to be. This is a great City
as it is, but it is nothing like the business
place that the location warrants.
"Tafce this country ever, and we spend
$150,000,000 a year for sending our goods
abroad in freights. We ought to carry
these goods in our own bottoms. I hope
the time is not far distant when we shall
begin in earnest to build up a merchant
marine that will properly represent us.
"It is needful that we again take our
position among the foremost of maritime
nations."
Consul Bell, after speaking here to the
Chamber of Commerce, visited Portland,
Seattle ana Tacoma and made addresses
to the chambers in all these places. He
will soon sail for Sydney, where he has
been for three years. He is a Virginian
by birth, but during the active period in
the State of Washington, six or seven years
ago, went there and made a large amount
of money.
« — ♦— •
Silver Men Make an Appeal.
The California Silver Campaign Committee
has made an appeal to the officers of Bryan
clubs already organized throughout the State
to open up correspondence with the committee
so that there may be a co-operation in meet
ings and distribution of literature. All friends
of silver are asked to organize clubs and send
in names of voters to whom literature may be i
sent. Active preparations are being made for
the coming campaign. '
Members of the General Committee Who Will Have Charge of the Mexican Celebration.
THE OLD GUNS MUST GO
Relics Have Besn Ordered to Be
Removed From the
Presidio.
Fort Point and Other Batt em:nts
Will Probaby B M.unted With
Moasrn Weapons
Major Edward Field, Second Artillery,
U. 8. A., whose official title is Artillery
Inspector of the Pacific Coast department,
has issued the instructions ordering the
dismounting of all the old guns at Fort
Point, tl:e Presidio, Fort Mason and at
Lime Point.
Instructions reached here several days
ago from Washington, D. C, that these
old relics of the past ba shipped on and
the railroad has been called upon to attend
to the transportation.
At Black Point there are seven eight
inch rfles. converted from the old ten
inch smooth bores, or "S. 1i.," as they are
called in military parlance. There are
: also six fifteen-inch Hodman "S. 8.,"
I which have been in use nearly fifteen
years. They were used in practice last
week firing spherical projectiles. The
latter have absolutely no penetration
when directed against armor-plate.
While nothing definite has been learned
from Washington it is presumed that the
dismounting of the obsolete guns is ordered
to make place for new breech-loading,
rapid-tire guns. The 12-inch rifles were
sent out, four in number, some time ago, I
but some forty more guns are needed. One
of the new rifles is located at Lime Point
and three on this side of the bay.
There are about twenty-five of the old
Parrott rifles around the earthworks at
Fort Mason; these will all have to be dis
mounted and sent away. They are all
muzzle-loaders ana are absolutely of no
use as engines of warfare, although they
have been handled considerably for prac
tice shooting. They can only send a blunt
headed projectile, and with but little ve
locity.*
The engineers' department has been re
lieved of the duty of mounting the two 10
-inch guns at Fort Point. General Graham
has ordered the work done by the men of
the Fifth Artillery under the supervision
of Lieutenant Itiley. These guns are to
be mounted on the new pattern disappear
ing carriages, a system never before util
ized on this coast.
Active Participants in the Celebration to Be Held Under the Auspices of the Diaz Gub«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
WILL CELEBRATE
AN ANNIVERSARY
Mexican Independence .Is
Eighty-Six Years
Old.
INTERESTING EXERCISES
Two Sets of Events Under the
Auspices of Resident
Mexicans.
PATRIOTIC DEMONSTRATIONS.
Mexico's Declaration of Independence
Will Be Read and the National
Hymn Sung.
The eighty-sixth anniversary of Mexican
independence will be patriotically cele
brated by the Mexican citizens of San
Francisco. There will be two celebrations,
one of which will be under the auspices of
a general committee, of which C. Monccs
vais is chairman. The other will be by the
Club Porfirio Diaz and will be an invita
tion affair. Great care has been exercised
in the preparation of the two programmes,
which are long and patriotic. At both
celebrations the Mexican declaration of
independence will be read and the Mexi
can national hymn will be sung by soloists
and choruses. There will be the cus
tomary parade, which will include the
Mexican Mutual Society and the Juarez
Society, headed by a band and accom
panied by the general committee and the
ladies and gentlemen who will take part
in the celebration.
The celebration under the auspices of
I the general committee will take place in
Apollo Hall on Pacific street. Before the
exercises, musical and literary, the parade
of the Mexican Mutual Society and the
Juarez Society and others who may wish
to take part will occur. Ihe procession
will move through Broadway, Kearny and
other streets early in the evening, tbe in
tention being to have the exeicises in
Apollo Hall begin as earlvas 7:30 if possi
ble. The exercises will open with the
reading of the Mexican declaration of in
dependence and will conclude with the
singing of the Mexican national hymn.
The hymn will be sung by Senoritas Jose
fina Ambrosio, Maria Pantoja, Ermelinda
Verdugo and A. Belasco and a chorus of
ladies and gentlemen.
The programme will include an oration'
by R. A. Martinez, piano solos by Miss
Josie Dusenbury, trombone solo by Max
Schultz, performance of "The Star
spaDgled .banner" 'by the orchestra and
recitations by R. Garcia. The committee
is representative and embraces the follow
ing well-Known Mexican citizens: C.
Moncisvais (chairman), A. Tejeda, R. G.
del Palacio, C. F. Jimenez, A. Montero, P.
Roderiguez, J. J. Arzave, Luis Guardia,
F. Calderon, A. Rojo, C. Cisneros, T.
baragossa and H. Navarro. A. K. Coney,
Consul-General, is the honorary president.
The celebration by the Ciub Porfirio
Diaz will take place in Union-Square Hall.
The programme has been completed sev
eral days and embraces oratory and also
music, vocal and instrumental. The Mexi
can national hymn will be sang by the
following soloists and chorus:
Soloists— Senora Laura C. de George, Senorlta
Altagracia Perez, Senorita Berta Gomez
Gallardo, Senorita Justina Perez, Senora Maria
G. de Homo.
Chorus— Senoritas Maria Rahn, Josefa Silver,
Euriqueta Donde, Sofia Mersich, Rosa Silver,
Angela Echevema, Trinidad Ramirez, Gua
dnlupe Torres, Ciuadalupe Echeverria, Sarah
Kelly, A-nita Buckley; Senores Alejandro Wil
liams, Federico Gillesple. Charles Mersich,
Daniel Galiiek, Luis George, M. Valverde, M.
Kamirez, Francisco Cnrranza, K. Mendez,
Charles Rieveley, Paul Gallardo, F. G. Madrid.
The singing of the national hymn will
be under the direction of Professor Guil
lermo Van Brunt.
Other features of the programme will be
as follows:
Overture, "Carmen" (Bizet), by orchestra
under direction of Professor Emilio Cruellis;
reading of the act of independence, by Feder
ico Gillesple; official address, by Francisco
Carranza; "Chanson Boheme" (Bizet), sung
by Senora Laura C. de George, accompanied
on the piano by Professor 11. D. Pelle;
"Anchored," sung by Charles A. Rieveley;
"Star Spangled Banner," sang by Miss Cole
man and chorus; "Si Tv Me Amaras" (L.
Denza) sung by benorita Berta Gomez Gallardo,
accompanied on piano by Miss Mamie Camp
bell and on the violin by Professor J. An
donegui; Tom Irwin, comic songs, selected;
duo, Habanera "Desde el Momento," sunir by
Senoritas Justina and Altagracia Perez, accom
panied on »the piano by Professor Martin
Ohlineyer: "Aragonesa" (Alard), violin solo by
Professor J. Andonegui, accompanied on the
piano by Senorita Professor Maria L. Kimball.
Mexican Veterans Will Banquet.
In commemoration of the taking of the
City of Mexico by the United States army
forty-nine years ago the Associated Vete
rans of the Mexican War will dine to
gether to-morrow night. The event is
graphically called to mind in the invita
tions sent to the guests which read in
part thus: "September 14, 1847, we dined
in the City of Mexico. September 14,
1896, we dine at California Hotel."
The Mexican Veterans request all
patriotic citizens to fly flags on Monday
in honor of the event.
VALLEY ROAD DEPOTS.
Four Additional Stations to Be Pro
vided With Fine and Costly
Structure*.
Although the Valley Road has ceased
for the present the work of extending its
tracks, owing to the obduracy of a few
property owners in the town of Fresno,
work in the line of improvement is still
being carried on.
Bids have just been asked for the con
struction of combination passenger and
freight depots at tbe stations of Elm wood.
La Grande, Geneva and Lankershim. Each
of these will cost between $4000 and $5000.
Tbe plans are already drawn, and as soon
as the bids for the different structures
have been accepted they will be pushed to
completion with the greatest possible
celerity. The depots at Merced and Esca
lon are now well under way.
With these depots and the warehouses
now completed or in the course of con
struction, tbe Valley Road will be in a
position to handle all the business that
may be offered to it with expedition and
safety. Warehouses are now built or in
Course of being built as follows: Two
each at Escalon, Clauston and La Grande,
and one each at Empire, Hnghson, Elmira,
Geneva, Marguerite and Sharon.
Independent Politica.
A meeting of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District Independent Political Club was held
Friday evening at 1633 Mamet street. The
meeting was called to order at 8 o'clock by
John J. Keo(?h, nnd the following officers were
elected: Michael Burke, president; B. F. Car
ter, vice-president; J. J. Keogh, secretary ; P. J.
Gordon, treasurer; James J. Corbett, serjeant
at-arms; Gus Brown, assistant serzeant-at>
arms.
The meeting adjourned to meet Tuesday
evening, September 15, at 8 o'clock.
A cloth wet with ice- water and laid
across the eyes is often a cure for the most
aggravated case of insomnia.
NO PROVISION
FOR A MAYOR
Denis Kearney Finds Much
Fault With the New
Charter.
SENDS AN OPEN LETTER
Thinks the Mayor Would Develop
Into a Regular Chinese
Empsror.
WOULD HOLD CFFICE FOR LIFE
In Case of Death the Writer Thinks
the Mayor Wou d Call in His
Next of Kin.
Is the new charter feasible? Perhaps
this question forms tbe topic of more dis
cussion in local politics than any other
a3 evidenced by the number of letters to
the people anent the subject.
The chief point made by the opponents
of the new charter is that it makes no
provision for electing officers. The latest
on this point is the following from Denis
Kearney, which speaks for itself:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call: Why
do these people who favor the adoption of the
new charter persist in telling us that it pro
vides for the election of a mayor every two
years when, as a matter of truth, it does no
such thing? There is not a word cor a line iv
the charter about the election of a Mayor nor
for that matter any other officer, except the
twelve Supervisors. True, the synopsis of the
chartei*that is presenteit to the" citizens and
circulated by the Merchants' Association says
on page 12: "The Mayor is the chief execu
tive officer of San Francisco and is elected by
the people of the entire City and County."
But the charier prepared by the Freeholders,
which 1 suppose is tne one we are to vote for,
paaeslsays: "Tne chief executive officer of
the City and County 01 San Francisco shall be
designated the Mayor. He shall hold his office
for the period of two years-." This is all the
charter has to say about the Mayor. It doesn't
even specify what his qualifications shall be.
Now I challenge any one or all of the men
who favor the adoption of this charter to point
out a singie line in all this large book that sayg
the Mayor shall be elected. Page 53, section 8,
states how a vacancy occuring iv the office of
Mayor shall be filled by the Supervisors. In
the schedule, page 213, I flud this language:
"At the first election to be held for municipal
officers, provided under this charter, and at
each succeeding general election, all officers
designated by this charter shall be chosen,"
etc Now the only elective officers desijjnated
by this charter axe twelve Supervisors. Should
the people adopt it and the next Legislature
ratify their action it will take effect and be in
force next July. It will then be tne organic
law of this City. What next? Page 210, sec
tion 20, says:
••Every office, except those which are by this
NEW TO-DAY.
1110 i/ullg-UL'
I «jil\ Of Strong
' JPv 1 Manhood.
v/ ness and the adfflira^ on of both men
X^^^^^^---^ and women. It is the stepping
£trs^^ stone to success in business. It en-
"JJUHgiL^ a s] men to throw<;isidc all barriers.
Who is the man who is always at the head of the great
institutions of his country ? The manly man.' °
Who is the man who throws aside all obstacles and wins
I fortune in the midst of famine ? The manly man.
| Who is the man who, when other men hesitate in fear of
disaster, springs forward and snatches the dying spark from the
ruins, whips it into aflame and; lights the p.ath to success ? He
is the manly man. /
The "manly man" is a man of nerve, of quick intellect,
courage and self confidence. He is the man who has' preserved
the power of manhood given him by nature ; or, having wasted
it once, he has regained it through the only absolutely certain
means open to him through
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Would you be manly ? Would you attain perfect manhood,
physically, mentally and otherwise ? Would you regain your
confidence in yourself, your nerve force, your vitality ? You
can. No man is so weak but that he can be made strong by Dr. j
Sanden's Electric Belt. No spark of vitality is so low but it can '
be whipped into fire by this wonderful life-renewer.
Why not you? Why not
recover your manly power ? Be y/SL.
the admiration of women and Jlvlli^
envy of your fellow man. Bo V I|§|||
strong. Make your nerves steel, \\^^^ifV
your muscles like bars of iron. %MC^t 1
Regain your sexual power, your ¥ &ffbr
mental and physical vitality. Ji/^^^
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will WftiKif.fi iV
give it to you. jftSjSjp'VV
-. "I can do the work of two /fwm\ If
men now. My eyes are bright, 'y JO/jIl' \ \L
my thoughts clear and quick. g Jr^% \ *&*.
I sleep well, eat well and feel \ jT >i \V
like a new-made man," says J. \l \ a \'
A. Snyder of Cceur d'Alene, '\n \\
Idaho, in a recent letter. y _ _Vv
If this subject was one of --■ .kt7^— ~ ~~ ■ **^^"""S
which men would care to speak '^" ~ ~" .■• '&
to the world this space could be made to shine with the gladsome
reports from grateful users of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
It is a modern remedy. It is new. It is grand in its work. j
Its cures are marvelous. It saturates the weakened body with !
electricity while you sleep. Electricity is life. •It awakens the
i dormant nerves and makes manhood complete and overpowering.
Much more could be said. Let Dr. Sanden tell you of it in his I
book, "Three Classes of Men," a pocket edition of which will be j
given or sent closely sealed, without marks, free on application. '
Get it. It may be the opening of a new life to you. Call or i
address #
s-(a-^a-x>iE32>a" sxiHotzixo 00.,
630 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.: Sunday*, 10 to i.
— OFFICES AT
106 ANGELES. CAX* MPBgt I PORTLAND, OR
"V. M 4 Boutb Braadwa* I 263 Washing too strf*
'■ ~ ■ . ■ «= — r=:x»
When writing for further particulars to any of the health or
(Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the CftXX.
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN ALL WINTER.
IT IS FULLT AS IDEAL A WINTER
AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUMATISM, LIVER, KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. 1, 1896, to May i, 1897.
Addrena all correspondence to RARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, H. F.
Pamphlets sent to any address free.
charter made elective, shall become vacant
immediately on the taking effect of this
charter." That being the case, every man, in
cluding the Mayor, elected to oflice next No
vember, except the twelve Supervisors, mu»t
resign the following July. Either that or they
will hold on to their respective offices for Hie,
for page 204, section 1, reads: "Every officer
shall hold his office until the expiration of the
term for which he is elected or appointed and
until his successor is elected or appointed and
qualified."
80, Mr. Editor, please turn the light of your
editorial page on this jumbled-up mass ot' in
consistencies and tell the public all about this
plot that has been hatched in secret, to turn
tne town over to the tender merCy of a pro
posed lord mayor, who, like the Emperor of
China, will hold office for life, and when he
gets ready to die will turn it over to his next
of kin.
Ihis is the third richest City in the Union.
It has no debt. It owns over $20,000 000
worth of property. Xo City of its age in the
world can boast of such a record. All of the
public officials who have defaulted since the
adoption of the consolidation act can be
counted on the ends of four ringers, and ye t
we are now asked to give our City into the
keeping of some man over whom we nave no
control, for we are not even permitted to se
lect him . Isn't this an insult to oar intelli
gence? Denis Kearney.
September 10, 1896.
Petty Larcenigt Sentenced.
Herman Goldstein, alias Cohn, wbo stole a
watch from a lodging-house on Mission street,
was sent to the County Jail for six months by
Judge Low yesterday. The case ot M. Rosen
berg, pawnbroker, charged with receiving
stolen goods in the shape of the watch, was
transferred to Judge Campbells court and
was continued till Tuesday.
HIGHLAND_SPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
' SPEND THE FALL AIONTHS.
Good Climate and the Greatest Va«
riety and Finest Mineral Springs'
in the World.
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For fall particulars address
tEE D. CRAIG,
310 Montgomery St., S. F.
„. , , ;.■„ Or J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Luke Co., Cal.
nn soda sprigs,
California's l'araoa< Mountain Spa:
Havk You Bken Thkiik I^.tkly.*
ICOOIect » bo vo Xai.a Vallpy. Ctlmaie onsnr-
rnssed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard und ocean. Held and farm. Hal and cold
£apa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croqaw,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas ana running water in every room. He-
f^-f? r -, M l hmatlcs - WAUM. UATKH BWIM-
Mirxo TANK. Aii ideal summer resort. Call-
flren 3 paradise: mothers' delight; husbands* rest.
Address AND R£ VV JACKSON, Soda Spring
PARA SO £H —
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, 'flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and piunga
baths, not sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishine. children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed tn the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
end Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. h.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, «8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postolßce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for,
1806, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
f| T7 i find HOT spKisGs.sonom»
V If A 111 I V bounty, only 4% hours from
\ IV 11 Itlt\ Ban Francisco; but 8 miles
I) 1\ fill U II sta « ln '?5 new road through
****** vi vi m canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mbsquiios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. - Bound-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates *1J a week; bat Us free.
J. b\ MULOREW, Proprietor.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Kcoo iii-,.e<l Family .Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishtnic and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Tabls
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send lor souve-
nir, Stage at M .-.drone every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday nfter June 1. connectlcz witia
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m. •
VIC PUXUELET, Llagas. CaL .
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
ST. HELENA, CAL.
■DECREATION. REST AND HOME FOR IX-
At valids, consisting of large main building, cot-
tager and tents on mountainside overlooking Naps,
Valley, . bteam heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements. i»nra
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
Ban Rafael. California.
FIFTY MINUTES FROM SaN FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home it has no eaual in
the world.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates/or Fall and Winter guests.
R. H. WARFIKLD & CO.
ASTORG SPRHG JIISERAL WATER.
FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH: FROM;
Cobb Valley, Lake County; greatest medicinal
and curative water on earih. Hundreds cured;
thousands recommend it in San Francisco. Unlim-
ited supply at the depot, 108 Fifth street. Selling
hundreds of gallons dally.
MADROSE MINERAL SPRIXGS
WILL BK OPEN GUESTS THE ENTIRE
year. Waters sure cure for all stomach and
urinary- troubles- Send for analysis and descrip-
tive pamphlet. Address Madrone Mineral Springs,
Mad rone, Santa Clara County, Cal. "
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
QUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dre.»« P. o. box *22t>.
IVERSIDK RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County; round trip, C 9 75 from San Fran-
cisco: fisblnt;, hunting, bathing . and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. S.
OILLKSPIK. Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; board $7 to *10 a week: als-j
camping facilities, tents, eta Address M. S. COX,
Laurel.
HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., SAN
J-> Francisco— Bookkeeping, : penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly taught. Department of Electrical En-
gineering In operation. Individual Instruction, 20
teachers. Night sessions. Students can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions.
Write for catalogue. •
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
99Q7 BACRAME!frO ST.— BOARD, ENO-
£ZiO % llsh. perfect mastery of French and Ger-
man, thorough musical training, dancing; 30 per
month; new term July 27; coach.
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
French' and English school re-
moved from 515 Haighl st. to 230 Halght;
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre-
pared for college: term opens August 3. ■
[k >|| These tiny Capsules are superfoi
g\ to Balsam of Copaiba, /^\
I\ 1 CubebsorSniectionsandfMOf
I&JI CURE IN 48 HOURS vL-V
IVi the 6ame diseases without
inconvenience. • ---
-,** m by all druggists. :
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FrancliOO
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
might in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:«O o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Miaaion ureete, epea
■ntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open uotll 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth v.rf><". op-n until 9:30 o'clock
CHURCH NOTICES.
Ip-^^FIRST PRKSBYTKRIAN CHURCH,
&«*' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento su— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor: Rev. Edwin Hart
Jetiks. co-pastor. Preaching at 11 a. M. and
7:45 Til. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Young
People's .society of Christian Endeavor at 6:30
r. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday at BMt All
are welcome to these services.
iF» FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
OrCs? Church. Golden Gate aye. and i oik st.—
Rev. M. M. Gibson. D.D., pastor. Services at 11
a m. and 7:46 p. m. The young people's services
at 0-40 p.m. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices, subject for evening: "The Cave of Adul-
• lam." Cordial invitation to all.
CALVARY PRKSBYTERIANCHURCH,
W<& corner of Powell and Geary sts. — Rev. John
lion phlll. D.D., pastor, l'.ev. Dr. Alexander,
professor in San Francisco I heolocica! Seminary,
will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. v. Topic, P. m.,
••A Good Man." Morning s<»rvlr , "Te Beam" by
■E. .M«.rzo. Offertorj-, "Lead Us. Heavenly
Father" (Schnecker), alto solo. Miss Jeonette
Willcox. F.vening service, "Benedic Anima,"ln
A (Schecker): offertory."Sun of My Soul, "Knight;
solo and quarteL All re made welcome.
BJ2SS» H O WARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH, HOW-
&■& St., bet- Second nnd Third— Rev. W. W.
Case, D.D.. pastor: Professor Martin Scholtz,
musical director; William F. Gibson, Sunday-
school superintendent. Preaching to-morrow
, morning and evening by the Rev. W. L. Birch,
D.D., of Manchester, Kng. Morning service. 11
o'clock ; subject : "Keltow-Cbrtstians. Hold On Your
Way." Evening service, 7:45 o'clock: subject:
"Weary Ones, Keep Up Heart; Is God Dead?"
Sunday-school, 12:30 P. it. Epworth League. 6:45
p. m. Seats free and everybody welcome to all
' services.
tt^S' THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH,
. Bb--£' SW. corner Geary and Franklin streets.
Key. Dr. Stebbins. minister. The sunday-scuool
is at 9:45. The morning service is at 11 o'clock
The evening service Is omitted. All are cordially
Invited.
Ifrs 3 THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
Ik^J^ corner of Twentieth and Capi> sts.— A. J.
Wells, pastor. Mr. Wells will preach at 11
a. v. Evening lecture at 7:45: subject, "George
William Curtis." Dr. Danziger's Bible class at
6:45. Sunday-school at 9:45 a. M. Unity Club on
Tut-Rday evening. Those interested In literary
siudiesinvited. church seats tree. Pastor's resi-
dence at 2U Liberty su
BSg=» THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CH
BrJy Fifteenth su, near Mission— Rev. William
ltader. pastor, will preach moraine and evening.
Morning at 11 o'clock, subject, -'The Meaning
and Making or the Bible." Evening at 7:30. su b-
Ject, '-The current Controversy Between the i;o-
-iiian Catholics at.d Protestants in san Francisco."
Music rendered by large chorus cnolr. under the
leadership of William C. St&dtf eld. Cordial mvi
- tation to all.
,Bja ■ PLYMOUTH CONGREGATION A L
»-*'■ Cnurch, Post su, near Webster — Rev.
James C. Perkins, missionary ol the American
Beard to India, will conduct the services at 11
a. M. ami Rev. R. K. Lloyd will conduct the ser-
vues ■ 7:45 p. X. Sunday-schools at 9:30 a. m.
and l.:30 p. m.
HTS= FIRSI 5 CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
l»^y Twelfth St., beU Mission and Howard—
i;ev. FraaK s. Ford, pasior. Professor seiden
Sturges, superintendent Sunday-school; Mrs. Elia
Jacobs, musical director. Preacniug morn ing and
evening oy me pastor Subject. 11 a. m., "Ad-
vance of san Francisco for Christ"; 7:45 p. m..
evangelistic services, sjbjec, "Theoretical, For-
mal or Ac.ual Christianity." Sunday-school at
9:30 a. m. Junior C. X., 4 p. if. Intermediate C
E., 5 p. if. Y. i\ S. C. E., 6:30 p. m. Seats free.
Everybody welcome.
|P3¥» FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST.,
"~- is? near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. September 13, 1896. Preach-
ing by the pastor at 11 a. It.; subject, -The
. Christian Lite." and at 7:30 p. m.; to,.ic, "Heav-
en's Admission Day.-' Sunday-school at 12-30
p.m. V. p. s. of C. E. at 6:30 p. it. Prayer-
meeting Wednesday evening, at 8 o'clock. All
these services are open to the public. Strangers are
especially welcome.
ltTS= FIRST Ni-.W JERUSALEM CHURCH
m*-*? (Swedenborgtan). O'i-arrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore. services at 11 a. m.
Key. D. V. I.owen will preach. Subject for to-day,
"Opening the Door of Our Hearts to the Lord."
There will also be an evening service In the
church parlors in the rear of the church at 7:45
o'clock. .-eats free, and ail are cordially Invited
to attend, Sabbath-school at 9:30 a. if.
Strap 31 K. H. A. IRONSIDE, FORMERLY
■•*-*' captain In the Sa vation Army, will give a
gospel adaress In Gospel Hall, 83.: Howard street,
at 7:45 o'olock P. M., in wnlch he will give Scrip-
tural reasons for his resigning from the salvation
Army. Ail are earnestly invi.ed.
tT^= LATTER-DA V SAiNTs MEET EVERY
***' Sunday at K. of P. Hall. Sunday-School, 10
a M. Services, 11 a. m.. 7:45 p. m. Subject tor
evening service. "The Relation oi Uospel Dispen-
sation- All are welcome. Sea. s free.
B^jS=» DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT
■^^ Home College, 3360 Seventeenth su, beu
Mission and Valencia, at 2:30 P. n. Discourse by
M. E. Cramer; subject, "God; His Attributes and
Relations.
Hr;iß= THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY—
»*~** Free puolic lectures every Sunday evening
at 8 o'clock in Portala' Hall, -Native Sons' building
414 Mason su To-night, "The Song Celestial." by
C. P. Neiison. *
C 3* THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY - FREE
i*^*^ public lecture every Sunday evening at
Golden Gate Hall, 025 suiter St., at 8 o'clock. To-
nlghU - I 1,.- X Ray." by Rev. W. E. Copeland.|
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
CALIFORNIA STATE SPIRIT-"
m**r ualsi Association wUI hold three Sunday
meetings at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter su
Morning 10 o'clock, congregational singing; in-
vocation, Rev. .«ir. Haworth; address, Thomas G
-man; vocal and instrument*, music, f_mma
Sherwood and Professor Whiielaw; tests by Mrs
Jennie Koblnsonand Mrs. G. W. Shrlner; closing,'
M. D. Barretu
Two p.m., congregational singing; invocation.
Mrs. Hendee Kojers; address, W. P. Haworth •
vocal music, Emma Sherwood ; Instrumental mn-
sic, Professor \\ bitelaw; tests by Maud L. Frietair
ballot test medium. ""•«;•
7:30— » verture; invocation, W. P. Haworth-
oolo, 31 me. Wane; adure , H. D. Barrett; vocai
8010 ,', i mma Sherwood; instrumental solo, Profes-
sor \\ hltelaw; tests by .Maud L. Friet«g, ballot-lest
medium. Admission 10 cents. «»»uiriesi,
jT^S- DR. ROBBINS WILL LECTUBK TO-
B^*^ night on "Can a Person Be a Christian
spiritualist?" The sick healed: mediums devel-
oped: written questions answered; veal and in-
strumental music by Mrs. Tully. Washington
Hall, 35 Eddy ; magnetized paper, and admission
Xr*e.
JT^" -*'»' 997. -MARKET ST, ("FIRST PRO^
«*~*^ cressivc spiritual Church"): 11a. if- test-
developing circle: 2 p. m., -'christeniue," flowers,
articles read, Mr. liannen Mrs. Dunham, McKee-
-8 p. m.. spiritual messages, Mrs. Harland, Warren
McKee, 1± ndersou ana others.
jK^=» REV. MR. HOWLAN D,"THK SINGING
a^*f evangelist,- the greatest and most reliable
si.in:ual medium, palmist and astrologer on the
Pacific Coast will J.o:d one of his public mee;lnei
to-night in Mozart Hall, 1358 Market s:. 10c.
BEr^*. AT o, BKJW spiRITfUAL MEET-
»-* r ing, 909 :. arket St., 11 a. m., a and Bp. m.:
circle and platform tests: Mmes-See ey, Dunham
Cornelius, Fix: R. A. Stitt'*, Dr., olHce 1236 Mar-
ket st. 10 to 5 P. if.
HP^S?* GO"OD"ciTIZENKHIP MEETING, MhT-
&-*" ropolitan Temple. Sunday, September IS 3
p. v. Address by W.T. Feeuor of Seattle. Sub-
ject: "Rome's Demoralizing Influence upon In-
r^S= RELIGIOUS MEETING AT MOZART
Br-*^ Hal at 2 p.m.; Addle Swain's talk- "if
( h rist Should Come.to 'Frisco": Psychics invited-
M rangers welcome. Free. Bring flowers to be
read. -
■rr^- EDWARD K. EARLE, THE GREAT
Or-*' s ale writer and test medium, will devote
the entire evening in his wonderful tests at Scot-
tlsh Hall. Larkin St.. to-night. Admission 10c.
irrg=» OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY
"-»' iiol.is a meeting of unusual Interest, espe-
< tally to Masons, at Fraternal Hall, Washlnc ton
St.. BP. m. aime. Montague lectures.
irTp AT 605 Me >- I. LISTER STTJ MME.
m^cs YOUNG, the wonderful local medium will
give convincing tests to-night; lQc; come, skeptics.
■t--g» MRS. SHRI\ER. JIASKINS. GRIF:
Bf~*- FIN spiritual meeting 10-nisht: 2 hours de-
voted to tests; 111 Larkin: all invited: 10c.
at £* DR. CYRUS TKKD, FOUNDER OF
m~^r the. Koreshan Unity, will lecture at 102
O'Farrell su at 2 o'clock. Admission free.
*-3ip~FRIEXD HIP HALL, 326 McALLIsI
s*- 1^ ler— Grand spiritual meeting this evening •
10c. ; good mediums.
BE?? 1 TEST .- EKIING 2 AND 8 P. M., 10c-
"-*" Stltt.. Clemens, others. 335 McAllister.
Skeptics invited.
BSs* MRS. MAYO STEERS, TRANCE Mt
K»^ dlum: private readings, $1; time limited.
1015 Market .-■
MRS. LOGAN'S" CIRCLE OF HARMa
"~-* ? Ny, 11 to 4, Friendship Hall, 326 McAllis-
ter st- ; free. ,
t^W MRS. FAVKE AND PROFESSOR mm
O^ go-J est meeting to-night, 1138 Mission su;
10c.
[fc^» -MRS. FULTONrMATERfALIzTNG SE-
-I*^ ance Sunday, Tues. nights; 60c.| 31 Fell st.
B£&' MRS. KGGERT A ITKI N, ' TRANCE
i^- 3^ meillom: sittings anilv. 320 McAllister st.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222, ZZZZT~
&Z& I. O. O.F.— lnitiation MONDAY
EVENING, Sept. 14. =^^^
' 11. JACKS, N. G. <%/»#=*
A. W. Downb, B. S. .
|trS» FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST. SCIEN-
»-*■' tlst-Servicps at 11 a. M. in Beethoven Hall
836 Post St., or. Powell. Christian Science Bible
lessons, International Series. Subject: '•The
Rock of salvation. ' "Science and Health " study
Thursday, at 8 p. m., in Mystic Hall, Red Men's
building. S2O Post street. All are welcome.
special NOTICES.
k^"c^a^lTn^^slmon^f^hT£"st^te
Wr-& Spiritualist convention will be held In Lor-
In* Hall, cor. of Clay and Eleventh sts., SUNDAY.
13th, a; '2:30 and 7:30 p.m. Addresses by Hon.
H. D. Barrett of Washington. D. C, W. J. Col-
ville. Madam" Montague and other prominent
speakers and mediums. Mis. K. Sioper, Mrs. Thy-
.Andy Kosere; spirit messages by Mrs. Cowell
and Mrs. Fran<ls: independent slate-writer, Kate
lleussniann; Mrs. Place. Colby and Wren: Pro-
fessor Clark and many others. All social anil vis-
iting delegates and public In general cordially in-
vited.
R^3S= DR. H. T. JONEB, OCULIST AND
"~-*^ aui Ist, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 PosU Tel. Grant 1 ul.
•rap 1 * BAD TENANTS EJECTED JFOR $4:
&*& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montey su. room 6. Tel. 6580.
jpr^g=- BAD TENANTS EJECTED, »3. COOK.
>-^ Law and Collection Office. 1023 -Market su
BK^» DR. ALBKKI' ABRAMS HAS RE-
l*^-*' moved his offices to 784 Geary sU
SC^S* GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OKDI'R;
w~-*^ cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
IKS" DR. T. F. BKENNAN REMOVED TO
■»» Emporium or Parrott bids., rooms 397, 398.
av^-. DR. G. E.STTSSDORFF HAS REMOVED
»~-^ hisotßces to 'I'H/i Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DrVIDEND 'NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.'
mZ& 35 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co. will ie payable
the office of the company, 327 Market street,
on ana after Monday, September 21, l»9t>.
Transfer-books will close Tuesday. September 15,
1896. at S o'clock p. k.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
/"l OMPETENT COOKS, LAUNDRESSES, BE<>
\J ond (iris, nurses and girls for housework; also
girls to assist with children and housework, can
be secured a C. R. HAASEN A CO.'s, 110 G.-ary.
IRBI-CLASS HOTEL, I.OARD NG-HOUSE
and restaurant h<-Ip supplied on short notice, at
C. R. HANSc.N & CO.'S. 110 Geary.
T ADZES REQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
XJ and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
pOMPETENT, Trustworthy woman
V.' wishes to do washing, Ironing, cooking or
housecleanlng by the day; best references given.
MRS. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-sixth st., nr. Mission.
LADIES REQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
XJ and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary su
ANTED— BY RESPECTABLE GIRL SlTU-
atlon as second girl or chambermaid. Call at
452J£ Tenth st.
ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
or companion, or both combined, by a thor-
ouphly capable and accomplished young widow;
references exchanged. Address MRS. G. C.
HARRIS, 412 East Fifty-seventh su, New York
City.
EXPERIENCED DESIKES
X-J a position; full cbaree of infant or young
child; good references; Prol stacu Address
English Nurse, box 87, i a'l office.
THIRST-CLASS COOK (JUsT ARRIVED FROM
X the East) wishes a situation In a private house.
123 Cook St., off Point Lobos aye.
EuiABLE COMPANION AND NURSE TO
K ELI ABLE COMPANION AND NURSE TO
invalid lady wishes a situation; i-ood seam-
stress and assist with light housework. MRS.
KELLY, 23V» Silver st; call Tuesday.
LIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
IV situation in a bakery. Call 17 Third su, room
22, 11 to 12 o'clock.
VI IDDLE-AGED LADY WANTS A PLACE AS
•i'l housekeeper or care of children: speaks
French and English, Call or address 1035 Minna
su; call after Sunday.
WOMAN WANTS PLACE TO DO LIGHT
*' housework or as housekeeper, city or country.
9 Russ St.. bet. Minna ana Na oma, above Sixth.
WANTED— A FINE FAMILY WASH TO
'» take home, by first-class laundress; Al refer-
ences. Answer to X, box 47, Call Office.
BESSJUKKR, FIUST - CLASS, WOULD
like engagements by the day; city or country.
716 Larkin sU
"VfEAT, COMPETENT WOMAN Wants a
Xi situation as cook and laundress In an American
family: city or country; good city references. Call
or ad'. ress 810 Howard St., near Fourth.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
> do general housework and cooking. Call or
address 1239 Mission su, b^U Eighth and Ninth.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN DE-
XX sires a position to do housework and plain
cooking, or mind a baby. Adaress 161 Second st.
OUNG LADY (RECENTLY" FROM NEW
-I York) desires a position as working house-
keeper. Room 7, 108 Taylor su
TV ANTED-POSITION AS COOK IN BOARD-
'» ing-house or hotel: 8 years' experience; In first-
class baker. Address M. 8., box 92, ibis office.
\\r IDOW WITH No INCUMBRANCES W 1-11-
-'» es position as working housekeeper, country
preferred: good home more an object than com-
pensation. call after -, 127 Turk sU
OVERMAN WOMAN WANTS HOUBECLE A N-
T ing by the day. Call or address MRS. HILS,
148 Sixth St., room 91.
COMPETENT RKFIKED GIRLs, 1 G£R-
man, would like positions elth is housekeeper,
general housework or second work and waiting;
good references. Please write to E. X., 1015 a Post
St.; no postals. - •■.-,-"■
9 COMPETENT COLORED GIRLS WISH SIT-
— uations, one as cook and other as chambermaid
and laundress; city references. ' Call or address*
623 Ellis street.
(COMPETENT COLORED GIRL WANTS
\J lace to do general housework, i all or address
722 Bush st.
XP..RIENCED COOK WISHES WORK IN
-< restaurant or boarding-house; city or short
distance In conntry: also two young waitresses.
246 Fourth sU, room 5.
OOD COOK AND LAUNDRESS: WILL DO
general housework; no objection .o large fam-
ily or in boarding-house. 24ti l-ourth st., room 5.
SITUATION WANTED BY RESPECTABLE
0 young woman to do general hi. use worn: wages
15 to f-0. Call or address 916 Howard St., near
Fifth st. ■ ■
\\T IDOW WITH A CHILD 6. YEARS OLD
" wants situation as housekeeper for widower
with, children.' Address W. w., box 147, Call.
'OUNG WOMAN DESIRES PLACE TO AS-
sist with. light housework am) do dressmak-
ing; good fit; wages $2 per week. Please call
Monday, 612 Larkin st.
p EKMAN WOMAN WISHES POBITION AS
VX housekeeper in dower's family: under-
stands care of house and cooking; good reference.
Address G. W.. box 108, Call Office.
V'OU.^G WOMAN WITH A CHILD WOULD
X like place to work; home more than wages.
Call or write, MR& MEYERS, 147 Natoma sl.
IV' ORK BY THE DAY WA NT!.D BY EX-
'» perienced woman washing, ironing and house-
cleanln:. 315y a Stockton sU
/"COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK, MIDDLE-
\J aged, wants position: is nice laundress and
will wore city or country; Is kind to children:
wages $12 to $15; or will work in home bakery
Call or address 1-J9 Third st.
ILL~~s6mE ONE GIVE ME WORK OF
»* any kind that will enable me to sui port my-
self and child : the very best of reference. Mrs.
8., box 61, Call office.
IDDLE-AGED LADY, GOOD WORKER,
de, ires situation. 995 Market su
L IRST-CLASS . COOK DESIRES POSITION
X as cook in gentlemen's private club. Address
F. 1... 813 Bush si. .
\\r ANTED- WASHING TO TAKE HOME-
»» satisfaction guaranteed. Address 575 Minna
St.: please call downstairs. - -
woman WISHES POSITION to assist in
" light housework. Inquire at 505 Montgom-
ery aye., room 5. .
ADY IN REDUCED CIRCUMSTANCES IS
desirous of obtaining a position as house-
keeper; will do sewing or mending or work of any
king 821 Mission St., room 3. *
OCNG WIDOW HESJKKS A POSITION AS
-1- housekeeper in lodging-house, or plain sewing
or will take eh trge of city or country res deuce.
Sb'4l/i Mission, room 3.
1 jRESSMAKUR FROM NEW YORK WISHES
xs engagements a- ladies' houses, or take work
home. Address D. M., box A 60. Call Office.
I .REHSMAKKit, LA : ELY FROM THK
X' East, would like -encaeements by day; terms
reasonable. 91 5 ' 2 Howard st.
"pvRKSaMAKER, URST-CLASS CUTTER AND
XJ n ter, wants work in families; $1 25 pec day.
Su wing place, off Laguna su. between Post and
r\KESSMAKEE. EXQUISITE CUTTER AND
XJ liner, will go to families: $1 60 per day; first-
c nss skirt, waist and sleeve makers furnished to
shops ( 'all at MCDOWELL Dressmaking Acad-
emy, 636 Maruet st., opp. Palace llorel. .
VV L JMA " WAN'IB WOKK of any kind
baa mem 0 day - Callor addresa 1221 Pacific ,v'
o&B - nit *n i * , ,
( i KRaiAN LAIiY wishes SITUATION
VJ with dressmaker: is good s-wer. 824 Ann .l
yOUNU GIRL WISHES A POSITION AS
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
addrs 8 i k i e 6X r t°h r s?. n ?o°om^ " Kht CM Or
Gr*3?ZJi2?£FF** XN «fcAND, NOT AFRAID
VJ to work, wishes a place to do K eneral house-
work: good plain cook. 125 Taylor st. . nouse -
AMERICAN WIDOW WOULD LIKE POSI-
A tion as housekeeper in lodging-house orwd-
ewer's family. Call 873i^i a L etjt.. 1 1 1 ' 1 '
"CATION WA -TED BY A RESPECTAnr R
refined widow; would lUe .position *[ house-
keeper: understands the care of a house and [cook-
ing . thoroughly; widow's family preferred- good
reference if required. Address " lall 430 Fulton
st* , in r**nr. ■
A- Ml LADY FROM THE EAST WOULD
1 like a situation as general housekeeper: city or
country. Apply 223 Post st., room 2. 7 ,
yOUNG LADY ■ DESIRES^ POSITION AS
■- X housekeeper; Is Al rook. 838 Mission, rm. 5.
RELIABLE YOUNG ' WOMAN WISHES A
place to do light housework, city or country-
wages 916. Address L. !£., 668 Ninth St., Oakland!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
CALIFORNIA RATTAN CO.
MANUFACTURERS OF
Baby Carriages, Reed and ßattan Furniture
r?£V7. 59 and 61 FIRST STREET {
San Francisco^x^^^ /# " - ,« 4
Mr. Charles M. Shortridge,
Editor and Proprietor "CALL. 11
Dear Sir :-
Herewith I mail you copy for an advertisement to be pub-
lished under the heading «For Sale Miscellaneous.
The results from advertising in your journal are unsur-
passed by any medium, orders having come to us through the
CALL from as far distant as Central America.
Please continue our advertisement until further notice.
Respectfully yours,
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
rrmdROUGHLY COMPETENT, NEAT GER-
-1 man girl wishes situation for housework nnd
cooking; good cook; first-class reference. G., box
7. Ca 1 Office. Oakland.
UEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI-
IV tion as companion, care of children, Invalid,
or would do upstairs work: references. Call or ad-
dress a. B. C. 302 Van Ness aye. .
KRM A N WORKING HOUSKKEEPER
wants situation: competent cook: good refer-
ences: fond of children. Address G. W,, box <6.
Call Office.
"DEFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKE POSI-
Xii tion as working housekeeper In lodging house
or widower's inmiy. Room 13, 1 Flftn st-
YOUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
1 traveling companion. Apply at 706 Ellis St.,
room 6, second floor.
L'RKNCIi WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
X day: general housework and sewing at home,
cc. Address or can M. HERTIN, 1712 DuponU
YOUNG GIRL (SWISS-GERMAN) WISHES A
X situation in private family to do general house-
worK: good seamstress. Call or add. 709 Mission.
\| IDDLE-AGED AMERICAN WIDOW
-' 1 wishes situation as chambermaid, working
housekeeper or companion; experienced; good
references. Address, or call between 12 and 2, 106
"I ay lor st., room 1.
ADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
x Keeper for widow. 223 Post »U, room 1.
EXPERIENCED iNFANTs' NURSE DE-
X\i sirpsa pesitioo; good relerences. Call or ad-
dress 70 J E..dy st. ; .
EFINED GERMAN GOVERNESS WANTS
IV situation: loves children; talks English and
tome French; references. L. G., box 119, Call.
\-OUNG, RKFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market St., room 19, second floor.
G" ENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Markeu
YV<* INcuEd iER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NIL
'« Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable:
>r<e bus antl haecrareto and from the lerrv.
SITUATIONS WAN TED-MALE.
ST^HANisESr & co~~Tio geXry^ sfiv
• furnish on short notice all kinds of hotel, res-
taurant, loftee-hougp, farm, dairy, orchard and
vineyard help, mechanic* and skilled aud un-
skilled labor for all kinds of work; telephone,
grant 185.
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST.. FUR-
. nish on short, notice grape, fruit and hop pick-
ers and all kinds of farm, dairy, orchard, ana vine-
yard help in numbers to suit. Tele. Grant 185.
/ 5 R. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST., FUR,
'.'. nisb 00 short notice miners, mlllmen, me-
chanics and laborers for all kinds of work. Wire-
mail or phone us your orders. Tel. Grant 185.
U.VI'KK & CO., CUINc^K AND JAPA-
nese employment office, 17 Webb sU, below i
Kearny, nr. cal.; tel. main 231. W.C YOUNG, mgr
HINEnJS AND JAl'AiNr.sE K~ZL"iA~5L"iii
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
pHINKSK ANU JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V. cilice: best help. 4141/2 U' i-'arn-ll : lei. 42A •
T APA.SESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sntter su : tel. Grant 30.
XPERIENCED AND GRADUATED PHAR-
macisi wishes to do relief work; best refer-
ences. Address Drugs, box 109. Call Office.
\jACHIM.-T AND ENGINEER WANTS A
■>'l situation: city or country. Address M. E.,
box 16, Call office.
V ING MAN RECENTLY FROM IHK
X East: reliable, good, habits, practical book
keeper; good appearance and education; will give
fine diamond pin for steady situation. Address
tr. D., box 108, Call office.
■ \\T ANTED — POSITION AS MECHANICAL.
'» engineer. 20 years' experience; first-class
license, call or ad I ress a 66 Howard su .
OSITION AS SURVEYOR. AND
bookkeeper for a mining company in Califor-
nia or elsewhere by a man of experience; satis-
factory references given. Address surveyor, vox
26, Call office^
ITUATION WANTED by competent
job primer; city or country. Address J. P.,
box 93. Call.
AJS WITH SIX YEARS' REFERENCE
from - last employer wishes situation as
gardener or coachman. Address D. 11. .b0x 86, Call.
I INTELLIGENT AND INDUSTRIOUS BOY, 17
X years, wishes office work or learn something to
his future. bO9 .Minna st.
LDEBLY MAN.USED TOKIICHK.N-W URK,
would like to have position as vegetable-man
or do some other kin l of light worn for his living.
Please call P. H. sCHULTZ, 227 Minna sl., bet.
Third and Fourth. < .
V'OUMi AMERICAN WISHES SITUATION
X as a bookkeeper or stenographer; good refer-
ence; wages moderate. ' Address American, box
102, Call Ofiice. ■
/ 1 ahdenTTr, understands HOTHOUSE
VT piauts," flowers and vegetables, »:i-arouud
mnn, w»n is situation with private family; first-
ciass references. Address H., box 6, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
O wife with 2 children, one 3 years, other 1 year
old; man can do plain blacksmith work; is handy
with 100. also about place and farm; wife Is a
good cook and housekeeper; man would like situ-
atiou us chorema-i or take charge of small rancn,
or no any Kind of wort wheie woman con cook
lor a lew men: will work for small wages on steady
place. Address. G. H. YOUNG, 716 Howard st.,
room 135.
"T IRST-CLASS TRAVELING SALESMAN;
X speaks four languages; at present representing
prominent wholesale house: stirs to ' moke a
change;- wholesale cigars or. wines and liquors;
only first-class nouses desired; highest references.
Address A. S.,box 85, Call Office.
I L DEN 1 »IN MECHANICAL DRAWING
0 wants work in a draughting-room to gain prac-
tical experience: pay no object. Address C. 8.,
710 O'l'urrell sU, S. >■ >
ITUATION WANTED AS FIRST OR SKC-
ond cook (German). Address 4i>9 Pacific st
V\T ANTED— PAINTER AND PAPER-UANG-
' ' er, with tools, wishes work by the day. month
or job: city or country ; low prices. Address J. L.
IRVINE. 2323 Mason bu, cor. nay.
\'OUNG MAN, GOOD ACCOUNTANT AND
X bandy around store and horses, desires posi-
tion as general assistant. Address Handy, box
105. Call office. .■ - -
/■* ARDENER OF LONG . EXPERIENCE;
vT<. thoroughly understands ' greenhouse, rose-
house, flower-garden, budding, grafting, propaga-
ting, iruiu vegetables; best of references. - L. E.,
box 69, Call Office. • ,
V TEMPERATE MAN OF 30; Al REFER-
• ' ence: practical painter and paper-hanger;
handy with tools; will work very cheap; city or
country; by day or job. Add. O. X., box 96, Call.
POSITION WANTED OS PRIVATE PLACE
X by steady, re iable, young German; understands
care of burse., garden and general work; U willing
and obliging: firs -class references. Address S. G.,
box 128, Call Office. .
ANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
| situation to take care of horses and cows: can
drive buggy and do all kind* or outside work;
reference. Address H. 11. SUZUKI. WA, 113
Church st. . . .
GO >D PANTRYMAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
I how to make all kinds of salads (fancy style)
wants place in city. LOUIS FaVAKT, 1300 a
Powell sU J , „'
P^IuST-CLASS JAPANESE COOK l>Kr-IRES
place in p.-lvate family in this city. FRANK
C >.. 22 Pioapect place. '
« Oiui CAKJ-ENTISR, ACTIVE, SOBER AND
* ' liable, wishes snua'.lon with property-
owner, or work in any useful capacity. Address (
C. H., box 112, Call omc*.
situations WAUTED-«'ontlnued.
BAKER— A RELIABLE MAN WISHES A
aituation. Call or address 726 Mission streeu
"DLACKSMITH (GERMAN) WISHES A JOB
XJ horse-shoeing and general work; city or coun-
try. Call or add ress 203 .Clara su
"C 1 X PERIENC D CLERK WITH BEST REF-
I ■> erences wishes situation in some line: nominal
salary expected. Address WILS> >N, 712 Post su
SITUATION WANTED IORA FIRST-CLASS
O carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
\\' inchester" house. 44 third, near
'» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $3 per
week: free bus and baggaeetoand from the ferry.
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\J engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 250 to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 par
week: free bus awt bacsajre to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
ANTED— 6O WOMEN AND GIRLS FOR
situations or all kinds at MURRAY A
REAYD'S, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
B»6 Clay st.
O GIKL«, SAME COUNTRY HOTELS, ONE AS
waitress, other chambermaid: *15 each: fare
paid. MURRVY * READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 686 Clay at.
SECOND GIKL; LIGHT PLACE; COUNTRY; !
$16, fare paid. MURRAY <fc READY, Lead- [
Ing Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
\\ r A N TED— GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL
" for housework; 2 in family: no washing; 916.
C. R. HAN SEN A CO., 110 Geary st . .-;;.:■•■;
\\ T ANTED— 2 W ITRESSES. HOTKL, COUN-
»» try. 820: chambermaid and waitress, board-
ing-house, $18. Glr.'s wanting work in private
families or hotels can secure first-class places at
C. R. HANSEN A CO-s, 110 Geary st.
CIOOK AND SECOND GIKL,S2S,#I6.BAKEKS-
J field; cook and second sir). 9.0, $15, city; gene-
ral housework, $25, Independence, fare paid:
general housework, Healtlsburg, $.-6: 4 coo-is,
city, 925; 10 girls, general house work, $20, 915;
12 young girls to assist; apply early. German Em-
ploymen. Office. 306 Mason st. - ; - ■
MR. 11. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
l'L rlrst-class female help furnished; tel Mint 904
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL ABOUT m YEARS
of age for general housework: 2 In family.
Apply Monday morning bet. 10 and 12 at 291
Folsom st.
VOL'.XGGIrtLTO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; $10; sleep home. 1930 Bu.su st.
EXPERIENCED OPERATOR O< REECE
buttonhole machine. 724% Market, room 9.
IDDLE-AGED' WOMAN IX) HELP IN
kitchen. Call before 1 p. m.. 989 Howard st.
L/INIsHI-.KK OV COATS; GOOD WAGES;
I r steady job. LIG BROS., 108 Battery st.
VTMIIKII LADIES .>ND GENTLEMEN FOR
XI private theatricals M.. box 76. Call Office.
A* OUNG LADIES TO FORM AN EVENING
. 1 cla-sto learn dressmaking. A. L., box 102. Call.
rpAIL'ORK>S— FINISHER UN KINK PANTS ;
1 one that oan operate. ' Rear of 24 Moss su. near
Seventh. ' • •
THIRST-CLASS SKIRT HANDS; ALSO A
X I bright apprentice girl. COHN, ladies' tailor,
121 Post st
VOTING GIRL, TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
-L work; 96; references. 1017 Oak.
/ ' ood girl, for GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
*J references required. Apply at 13 Scott sU
\ OUNG GIRL TO LEA TAILOR TRADE.
-L Call after 9 a. m.. 516 Geary St.
r\ IRL TO MIND SMALL CHILD. 43 RITCH
U street. .
GIRL TO ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
Apply to-day, 10 a. m.. 216 Twelfth st. •
A TED— MAN A D WIFE TO TAKE
'' charge of local branch. C. R. S., box 8, Call.
GIRL TO ASSTsT~IN~LUiHT HOUSEKEEP-
ing; no children: can sleeu at home if desired.
Apply to-day. 438 Eddy st.
M~ONDAY. FOUR GIRLS, GENERAL HoUSE-
woric. 935 Market su
"VfKAT GEIIMAN GIKL, CHIID'S NURSE;
1\ 920. 935 Market su • • '-
GOOD FlMbllE.l ON CUSTOM COATS;
VJ also experienced apprentice.: 942 Folsom st.
LADIES! LADIES! LADIES! YOU NEED
J not wear ill-fitting and unbecoming dresses;
we teach the cutting, fitting, making and finish-
ing of everything hat is new, novel and stylish;
pupils can work for themselves, friends or custom-
ers: pupils positively guaranteed ] ositions; c ay
payments; unlimited lessons; now Is the time to
enter the McDowell Dressmaking school, 636
Market su. opp. Palace Ho. el.
IV' ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERY
" school in city; teacher of 10 years' experience;
large class now forming for fall work: large work-
room ; references given. 410 Leavenworth st.
-you no "TTrTTto assist with light
X housework and children; 98. 276 California ay.
TMIt^T-CLASS TAILORESS WANTED. AP-
J ply BOW HAY, 604 Sutler St. I__L
pOMPETENT SKIRTMAKER WANTED;
\J one other need apply; wages $10 to sls per
week. 604 Sinter st.
AT- FINISHERS. 541 MARKET ST. ; .. ■ - .
"I A.DIESTO LEARN H AIRDRESSING, MAN-
-LJlcurln;. beauty culture; agents wanted to sell
my toilet specialties. MRS. BUTLER, 131 PostsU
HAIR-Di.Eft.siNO; MANICURING LESSONS
given Miss DOYLE. 2I2 Powell su, 106 9th.
Y\' ANTED— A FIR-.T-CLASS . OPE-
'» rator on corsets; high wages; Singer sewlnc-
machine nsed;run by electric nower. 1388 MsrkeU
01'EUAIORS ON FLANNEL OVEKSHIRTB
>nd underwear. LEVI STRAUSS «fc CO., 32%
Ireraoutjt.
T\RI'.SSMAKEKS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
XJ for families: waist and shirt hands 'or shops;
positions free. McDoWELL'S school, 636 Market.
1 I AIRDUES.-SINO. 250 AND ;•*&»;. MOKNINU
XL mid «ye classes'. 101eg*ons,$l 50. 124.S Mission.
"L-'LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
"MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
«: wIDc nester Honne, 44 Third et.. near Market:
*00 rooms: '' it ! c to 91 50 per night; 91 60 to 93
j^J^___^ p 'f>ns :irid >iag?n-- 'nmi'l trnni ferr^
MALE HELP WANTED.
Vl' ANT ED— EVERY MAJI Wil 6 WANTS
' » work to know that he can get a situation from
«ie old reliable employment agents, W. D. Ewer
« co., 626 Clay si., at anytime: every position
guaranteed; office fees 60 cents and up, according
to wag-s, etc.- no charee for registering: come
one, come all; come earl/: we want Monday
morning, or as soon at possible, 50 men to pick
grapes for first-casts vineyard company, 919 60
per mouth and board: 40 more men and strong
Doys to pull beans for large rancn, nenrclty: 150
men. women and children and families to pick
hops in A ameaa county: good, long job; 2 butter-
makers. $30 and $25: 6 miner*. 552 per month;
♦« "■' waiters, dishwashers and 60 other men
for reliable situations at reasonable fees. Appiy
to W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St. "
A RTISTS AND ARI-WORKER.s OF EITHER
-c»- B , ex > in every branch of art. whether profes-
sional or amateur, and irres ectlve of distance or
locality, are Invited to apply for free Illustrated
prospectus of the forthcoming Art i Exhibition . to
mmm.l throughout December in the magnificent
exhibliion hails of the International Art • Exhibl-
tlon. Grand Central Palace, New.York City. "
JAILORS WANTED FOR SEaTROOM; CON-
thirtfl^. PUC *' 808 * ont ««Haery St., room 6,
HI. 1 .1" WANTED— Continued.
SUNDAY, TO DAY
_ Our offices are open; we want several hundred
men ana boys; come down and see us If you want
work. BIORR\Y <fe READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
or WAITERS, CITY AND COUNTRY
—•' hotels and restaurants. $20, $35. $30 and
$35; 6 cook »30, $40 and $50; 2 s cond cooks,
$20; dishwasher,, country hotel, $25: second
baker. $25; barber for a country shop. MURRAY
& RKaDY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. Call to-day (Sunday).
pARPENTER FOR A RANCH, $20: ROCK-
\J men; s. ablemnn, city, $36; 6 ranch teamsters,
$20 and found; 3 chore boys for ranches, $8, $10
and $12: 10 farmers, s2o. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay
su; call to-day (Sunday).
OH KEUWOOD TIES TO CUT; 8c
ZU.Ut'Ueach. MURRAY & BEADY, Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. • .::.-.
— 350 ~
MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES,
dry and box raisins, work In wine cellars, pack-
ing-houses, etc., $20 to $23 per month and found;
this job is for a large banKing syndicate: 3 months'
job; call at once: fares and fees reduced. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Ageuts,
634 and 636 Clay st.
ROILER. RESTAURANT, $50; RESTAU-
rant butcher, $35: assistant cook, hotel, $30;
pnniry-inaii, country hotel, $20: dishwasher,
(.ouutr/ hotel, $20: butter-maker and run sepa-
rator for a creamery, country: milker, country,
$30: farmers, choremen and others. C. K. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. -
VKAT JAPANKSE WAITER. CITY; JAP-
1> anese for porter work and scrubbing, country
hotel, $21). C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary sU
ANTED — LADY OR GENTLEMAN TO
" travel and appoint local agents: salary $70
monthly ana expenses. Address box 314, Oakland
1-. 0.. CaL
BOY TO LEARN UPHOLSTERING. CALL
with parent, 1020 Larkin, near Suiter.
"IT-XPERIKNOED SALESMAN, OU 1 SIDE THIS
Hi Mate. 585 and 587 Mission St., Standard
Glove Co. . ' .
UaHELING TAILOR WITH SOME MONEY
and knowledge to I attend a pawnshop; salary
and commission. ■■. Call bet. 10 and 12, loan office
231 Third st ... ■ ■ . ■ - -
ERMaN OR SWISS MAN AND WIFE, NO
children, tor milk ranch: man good milker: 35
cows: woman good, pla n, clean cook, for 12 men;
no washing: steady place; $40. Address N. W.,
box 15, Call Office,
OOD PRK>SBOY; WAGES $4 A WEEK;
Monday morning. 40 Elghtn su .
VT UMBER OF GENTLEMEN AND LADIES
-i-> forpilvate theatricals.'. M., box 15. Call.
ANTED-aTEAUY YOUaG MAN TO AS-
sist in grocery-store: good wages. Apply to-
day bet. 2 and 4 at 664 Broderick su
MAN TO rXHIBIT FIRST-CLASS HOU*E-
bold article on street and sell patent right;
big commission. J. 11., box 7, Call Office.
nOATMAKSRS AND PRESSERS ON OATS;
Vj good wages; steady job. SELIO BROS., 108 I
Fatter/ st. . - - . ,
L IRST-CLASS FOREMAN FOR PLANING-
X mill, cood at figuring mill work and making ;
details: give reference. F. U., box 109. ■ all.
XPKRIENCED RESTAURANT WAITER.
XJ 207 Second st.
pLOTHING-CUTTER AT 20 SANSOUE ST.
L/ ■
MAN WILLING TO WORK FOR HIMSELF;
must have $26. T., box 16, Call Office.
v\r ante r— waiter ok bctle.i for ai
» » dress suit: ' cheap. Call at 520 Geary sU
YOUNG MAN WITH $2OO ; GOODSi'-CUKITY;
X $40 month and board. 4081 19th, nr. Castro.
AN TO CLEAN UP AROUND A SALOON.
2132 Fillmore st. . .
Ww ( i EN T L i ; M EN MORE TO TAKE*»UN.
Xny furnished rooms: $1 up. , 217 second st.
OURaEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
fecretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary. CONRAD TKOELL. 667 Clay.
I..AKBEKS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
l> V. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
ARBER SHOP.-2 CHAIRS; 16c: GOOD
busluess: rent $10: opp.carbouse. 1310 Castro-
TjARBEUS— 2-CUaIR SHOP FOR SALE, $75-
XJ rent. Including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
\\r ANTED— TO CAN V.i ONLY
TT wholesale trade, with the fastest seller: comi-
cal lapel buttons; now the rage; can be sold
everywhere: big proflu Address now, M.
' ERNST. Manufacturer, Cleveland, Ohio. .
ANTED— AN ENERGETIC YOUNG MAN
for a domestic department; none others need
apply. 623 Market a  room 7, bet. 3:30 and 6 pm.
XPERTeNCED OPERATORS ON LADIES'
XJ custom tailoring. M. J. KELLER COMPANY
Oakland. , ■ * '
S~AII.ORS WANTED AT LANE'S, 604 A VIS
O streeu . 
OTEAKS, CHOPS. EW.: 6 DISHES FOR "S
O cents. 636 Clay st.. Big Yellow Fronu
W A N T ED- AN IDEA; WHO CANTHINK OF
TT some simple thing to patent Protect your
Ideas; they may bring: you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D..C. for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 Inventl6ns wanted: ; -
ANTED-FOR~THE UNITED STATES
TT Marine Corps, U. S. .navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
cot less thin 6 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character aud temperate habits: able to read
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recrui.lDg Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco, Cal.
Y\, r E WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
TT and women to represent the "Ladles' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Colombian Bid., 8. F.
\\r ANTED- MEN TO L..ARN BARBER
» » ■• trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue senu 8. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard.
TVJKW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BET.
XX 3d and 4th— Single iurnlshed rooms, night 15c to
60c;week $1 to $2 50:readlng-room;strictestatten-
tion to rooming calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
"A.NTED— 60 MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS-
SI weeic, 25c mghu 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
EN'S HALK-SOLINO, 60c.: LADIES, 40c.'
done while yon wait. 6:18 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Fiuck's,S.F-
OOMS 150 'IU 76c PER NIGHT: '60c TO »1 50
per week. Oriental. 225 Drummst.
C CLOSING OUT NiSW AND SECOND-HAND
/' shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 950
Howard st. ■ - • ■ ;
' ANTE —600 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, *3 50; hand-sewea
shoes. $5. 726y a Howard au. beu Third and Fourth
YV INCIiESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
TT Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; re ad In? -
-room: free bus and baggage to and lrom the ferry.
rpRY' acme House, 957 market ST., be-
i- low Sixth, for room; • 26c a ■ night; $1 a week.
I IN DELL HOUMS, SIXTH AND HOWARD
> - els.; single furnished ran 7 fie week. 16c nighu
• H— REiiO VliD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
• Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c.
' ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
. to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su- 160
largo rooms; 250 per night; $1 to $3 per weuisl -
HELP XV ANTED— Continued.
l(inSlE» TU TAKE LODG ING^FIUO, 1»C
X\'\J and 20c a night, Including coS<* roll*.
(24 Washington st.. near Keatny. " '
KST IN CITY--SING! X ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cent* per night. i. $1 25, SI 50 per wee*.
Pacific House. Commercial and LeidP^dorff sts.
-\\r AN IKD-HINGLK ROOMS. 15c A DAY: $1
IT »»ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a w«eic;
rcadlnc-room: dally paD«rs. 36 Clay su '
\ I is.N 'IO I'hKli ... '.MlAilA.\ alucK jb'OOD;
l»i all grocers keen iv
\\T ANTED, COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
"" em&clerKs. KNOX Collection Aecy. 110 Sutler
TVTE ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'» your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait; ladles' soleing, nailed 35c: men's
soleing, nailed 60c. ; machine-sewed 75c.; band-
sewed 65c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one- fourth their value, from 25c. up to !
*2 50. f>62 Mission si., bet. First mid K econd.
partners anted.
A^^PARTN^tTu — FiRST^CLABS
res aurftut; fashionable seaside health resort;
must be experienced: this is more essential than
capital. Write A., box GO. iali ulii-e.
AGENTS WANTED.
mms IS THE TJME TO MAKE MONEY;
X agent's sales unprecedented: aluminum nov-
el-|e.-<; lhe lati st things; easy to clear $10 per
d:.y. Alunnuum Novelty Co., 110 Slitter st.
r D-IToX'SE- CANVASSERS FOR
city and Oakland to Intro luce fir-it-class spe-
cialties. Apply 338 Polk su, bet. 3 and 5 pm.
A GEN IS— MALE ORi FEMALE: LIGHT
Jx.. work. Call Monday a. m., 210 Hyde St.
INTELLIGENT BOOK CANVASSERS.
1 Standard Dictionary Agency. 933 Market st.
HILLS AND FEVER CURED IN HALF A
\J day without- quinine: recipe for 60c: agents
wanted. A. CHARLTON. Kelseyville, C'al.
GENTS; BIG MONEY; LATEST PROPOSI-
tIon. Baxter Portrait Ca, 432 Sntter st.
GENTS — -PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-In-
chie: of the United States army, and the greateit
of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of terriory.
i. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKEK de RAY CO., 723 Market st.
BOOMS WANTED.
a^d^Xr^ist^wTSuTd give lessons to
Xj 2 or 3in exchange for a home or board. Ad-.
dress C L.. box 9, this orTlce.
PROPERTY WANTED.
~Y\T ANTED— CHEAP FOR CASH, SMALL IM-
* ' proved ranch. Price and particulars It., box 8,
Call Ollice.
WANTED — INCOME PROPERTY THAT
rents from $25 to $30 a month: will pay
$1000 down, balance $50 per month. Address E.,
box 7. Call.
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
Firsi-cTass^coi'^Tet, al^o~Xlto~lTorn\
wanted; state maker. H., box 47, Call.
T NCE: ST. BERNARD DOG TO BREED
for pup. Address to-day J. W., box 01. Call.
WILL TRADE 840 WATCH FOR GOOD 81-
11 cycle or buggy. A. P., box 7, CalL
BICY C WANTED— FINE LIGHT MA-
chine in pood order. 516 Geary st.
GOLD AND S LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133^ mission.
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
i-~ elrv to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st ; semi postal.
I.ODGING-HOITSES . FOR SALE.
40-ROOM LODGING HOUSE IN
— LOS ANGELES !
— IO EXCHAN E
FOR ROOMING HOUSE IN THIS CITY |
Ui.AT HAVE YOU TO OFFER
Apply to H. C DECKER. 1020 Market st.
00 ROOMS; CO.NEK HOUSE: NEW...S 450
— •^9O rooms: guaranteed toolbar over $150. .3700
18- room house 00 Six. h st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C. UECKER A CO.. 1020 Market
st, opposite FUth.
«J£*-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
O\J kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
l^-Riii'M HOI SE: 1 FLOUR ALL OFFICES; '
IO only $450; must sell. DECKER. 1020 Markeu |
99 NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500 !
£>£i 16 rooms: clearing *50.. 250 j
28 rooms: making money 475
130 rooms; clearing' $500 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50... 300
UN DER WOOD & CO.. 765 Market su
\\"F. HAVE CUSTOMER FOR L.DGI.^G-
"T house from 25 to 40 rooms in Oakland. UN-
DERWOOD & CO., 765 Market su
99 ROOM*: CORNER HOUSE; WELL FUR-
«-^i nisbed; full or permanent roomers; only
$150. 231 Second sU
\,y ANTED— M IKED LODGING-HOUSE.
'» south Market: 40 to 60 rooms; cheap. Ad-
dress Cash, box 29, Call Office.
ffl«v A ONLY FOR 11-KOOM LODGING-
tj I^ «JV/ house; good location : very small rent;
always full; must be sold this week. 230 Minna.
. J^-ROOM LODG IN >U"sel CHEAP, oN
- ± account of sickness. 8.. box 16, Call Office.
1 ODGINO-HOUSE; BA' GAIN; 16 ROOMS;
XJ nicely furnished: corner house. 303 Eddy st.
L" IN ELY FURNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 13H
r rooms; $300 to $10,000. PHELPS& CO., 917
LarKin st.
<5M "\<l 7-ROOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
<iri«'w. st . corner of Futh.
FURNITURE WANTED.
— ,~^~. ' 1 — . . _,_■
IpURNITURE,, CARPETS AND ALL KINDS
-T of household effects for cash. Call or address
J. LOWCHER, 222 Stockton st. ■
OKFICK i- UUNITUH..— WILL PAY HIGHEST
price* for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK Co.. 638 and 640 Mission sU
fpO SELL FUK-NITURI-FTOADVANTAIiETKY
1 M. SILVERSTr.IN,969 Howard st. ;send postal
■BUCKINGHAM FUKMTURE CO. PAYS
Xi hlgbes". price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; scud
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PKICE.-S FOR FlRM-
lure and merchandise see BURP. 211 Larkta.
T N DIANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' A nc.' Co. 1057 Market, pays c«<«h
Bjpfjß BICYCLES.
HIGH-GUADE 2D-HANiS^VIiE^LS^S2SnDP";
JJL sundries below cosu 216 McAllister.
EP.Y F.NE '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. HAWLKY. 31» Market su
FO W LER AND~BEN HUR. $60: BEN HUR
tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100;
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 26 Geary st.
, AKGAIN IN A STEARNS IA.NUt.AI: ALSO
' > sinele wheels. 306 Post sU
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO .iJStT
best accommodations. Terminal Geary, Mo-
A Ulster and Powell st. '»r lines.
t'OB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
INE PRINTING'"'* PRESsl^6x9 CHASE;
type, lead-cutter, etc. li IL. , 22% Geary st. .
AT ICE FAMII?Y COW JOK SALK. 162
i' Broad su, Ocean View; take Valencia car.
lAi i LAYING HENS AND PULLETS. AP-
I \J\J ply at JOHNSON'S, bet. Ocean View and
Col ma.
(JJ* l 9 DOMESTIC MACHINE: COMPLETE;
«]p.l«.. in good order. 2437 Mission su, near
Twenty- first.
ECOND-H TINN ERS 1 TOOLS FOR
O sale cheap at 1055 Clay St.. Oakland.
ONE BILLIARD. ONE COMBINATION, ONE
pool table, one bookmaker's wheel, one Aus-
tralian banking wheel, all as good as new. for sale
cheap. .129 o'Ka-rell su • ■
NGLISH SETTKR DOG: B. W. T.- 1 YEAR
J old; cheap, 649 Bryant st.
GllS WSSg* !^' 8 yoOTHS «^.
UINE GORDON SETTER PUP, 4 MONTHS
X" old; 2 heavy workhorses, doub harness- ca-
nary birds and Maltese kittens. 1612 Stelner'st.
no 8 VERSE ST., BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH"
\J Bryant and Brannan— l rooms and stable for
wagon and 2 horses. or
I'OK SALE-GREAT DANE PUPS! 1 YEAP
old; fine pc Igree. 116y 3 Oak st. YEAR
SEVERAL HIVES OF BEES FOR SALE AT
a bargain. 2418 Greenwich su ■ tl A 1
L OR SALE, ACCOUNT DEPARTURE— 1 vww
t '96 Ohio lady bicyc 1 gent's 1 cabinet s^r
st-TroSm 3 '! me> ° 3t DeW: bar B»»nS:r3i7 Third
AH showcases, COUNTERS — sm,- T v
ing, etc , bought android. 1063 S^n^.Y
COFFEE .MILL, SCALES, LETTER prk>i~
VJ stand desk, money till, Baf «. cheap. 10" a ay *
. SEWING MACHINES.
BUSINESS CHANCES. '^ _ _
~mcX\fCr\ PARTNER WELL "ESTABLISH"-
tJp^iUv'". Ed, paying livery business; line lo-
cality, with cheap rent, and any one wishing to
engage in a business of this kind it will pay to In.
vestigate. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<n»-7lin RESTAURANT TAKING IN $ OTO
tjj> I WU. $25 per day: rent $40 uer month: the
beat restaurant business ever offered in Sun Fran-
cisco for the money; reason selling, sickness. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. :
CUr?f\(\ ONE OF THifi FINEST RESTAU-
•Ip lUU. runts in city: goo I location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money: stand full investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on Investigation all that is claimed for it;
this is a rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall
avenue. '
dU-l l\(\(\ partner iiN WELL- ESTA n-
(jnivv'w. lished office business: the. inly ob-
ject In taking partner is to extend the business;
investlga lon will show this to be rare chance: a
fine opportunity for energetic man. T. LU BEL-
SKI, 7 city Hall aye. . • ■
I HAVE GOT A FINE $10,000 BUSINESS LOT
X in Alameda to trade for city property clear, or
will assume mortgage. T. LUiit.LSKI, V City
Hall aye. *
IMPORTANT NOTICE— A L\DY OR GEN-
X tit-man can for $2000 gold buy one-eighth in-
terest in a treasure located .in Mexico, money to
be applied o takeout the treasure and make the
necess ry preparations for its safe removal. All
the signs, directions, etc. to locate tli ■ treasure
sp"t have been found as stated in the plan and
confession given by Kai her Vega of Madrid. .The
amount of treasure according .o said confession,
consists of $3,600,000 in gold, sliver and valua-
bles. Only pa' tie* having the required $2000 aud
meaning ouslness may apply to a. A., box 68.
Call Office.
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS-"
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining Sb rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, half block X
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel anil
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply 10 to. SILVtRBEKG, 320
bansome st., room 39. • ■: ' ' '
■L'OH SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order; has a line day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickmss the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.
<kXh(t RKSTAURANT; BEST LOCATION 7
tIPOUI/. on K-arny St.; full value in slzhf
guaranteed to clear over $3UO Der month; don't
miss this bargain. See BUS STRAND, 45 Third.
If YOU want TO BUY OR SELL A KE*
X tanra-a, saloon or any kind of business sea
UNDERWOOD A CO.. 766 Market st.
\\- ANTED— A RESPONSIBLE PARTY WITH
»* a capital of ?3000 cash, for the prosecution of
a business that will realize a profit to the investor
of $20,000 inside of 60 days: will give and re-
quire reference.-,, as caiiial and profits will be
under entire control of investor. Address for per-
sonaUn.erview B. ii., box 107, Call office.
FORTUNE CAN BE MADE BY A l'.'-.RSoN
X with some capital to buy richt io manufacture
and sell on Pacific Coast a family article, meeting
witn enormous sales in Eastern States. Address
F. H. ALDE.N. 28 E. Third st.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
LOR SALE— WELL-PAYING WHOLESALE
X and retail liquor, cigar and fancy grocery busi-
ness in a well-known health resort in California;
good reason for selling. For particulars apply to
DAN EINsTEIN, 630 Market s.\
GOOD OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
man in rapidly growing neighborhood, ( orner
Third aye. and Clement st., with 4 rooms; Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, lOx California st
T?OR HALF.— FINE MILLINERY BUSINESS
X in one of the leading streets of san Francisco;
established for 20 ears: party retiring from bn.-n-
-ness. For particulars address Milliner, box 83, Call.
qtr.fjfin want D to invest IN a MAN-
<■'"«« ufacturing enterprise: 76 per cent
profit; open to investigation. Address P. E. AIJE-
LADK, gener; I delivery, San Francisco.
V')K fALf-A BARGAIN; GOOD I HANCE
X for the right party: a cyc.ery close by the park,
with cheap rent. Inquire at 143 Berry at., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
117" ANTED— PARTNER WITH $500 TO EN-
' » large a goud-paying fruit and grocery store tn
country town: no irillers. Address box 479,
Healdsburg, Cal.
STATIONERY, NOTIONS. school SUP^
O plies; bakery: candy; postal agency; 6 fur-
nished rooms. Gougb-str<et Bazaar, cor. Lily aye.
OALOON AND CIGAR STORE *OR SALE AT
0 a transfer corner of Ellis and Leavonworth;
must be sold on account of the death of the father.
<« j )(k oTd ESTABLISHED TOY AND
fiDO\J\J. stationery; prominent thoroughfare;
fresh stock; living-rooms. Toys, box 81, CalL
(PARPEN .ER AND PAINT SHOP; OLD ES-
V^' tub ished; selling on account of sickness: good
opportunity. Apply A. SCHNAPKO, 364 Eleventh,
Of\f\ PHCENIX RESTAURANT, 21 30
«ff>Ol/c/. Fiilmore sU: owner has 2 places: part
cash; established 15 years; make offer; trial given.
(jjvf; AVERAGE WEEKLY NET l.\( OMB
<pt.'O $250 invested safe, conservative; prosv>ec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Broadway, N.y.
T an hour's notice a. < owan BUYS
stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
ells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
"ftl i nnn HAI - F INTEREST W eII-
«3D X 1 •WU, established growing manufactur-
ing business. Address 8., box 32. CmII Office.
-OR SALE— RESTAURANT. DOING A BUSI-
X I ness of $20 to $25 per day: must be sold on ac-
conntof sickness. Apply ai 6 Golden Gate aye.
RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-HOUSE
cheap: fine location: rent $20; must be sold on
account of sickness. 411% O'Farrell st.
ffl? Q(\(\ saloon: 15 Furnished rooms;
*Jl>O\J\J. a complete home ana a gold mine. Ad-
dress A. HILLEBRAND, Vail jo. ■ ■ -
"^9l"Wi CORNER GROCERY; BAR; NEW
tJp^iUv. goods; 4 rooms; Mission.' Address
box C Sixteenth and Mission sts.
O7u] PAiiTY TO TAKE INTEREST IN
ypOv/v/. cash business: no competition. Ad-
dress Party, box 87. Call Office.
*& b7Tjfy~BARGAIN7FIN E SALOON; TRANS."
tjpOVVJ. fer place; fine stock liquors; cheap
rent. 805 Howard su ■
AKERY. CANDY, STATIONERY, NOTION,
dry goods; 2 -rooms; cheap. 1307
Buchanan.
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
A LOON OPPOSITE REAR ENTRANCE OP
the Emporium: a good bargain. Apply 345
Jessie st.
(ft*_?nrin FOR HALF INTEREST IN a man-
tJDOV/WV/ ufacturing business. 328 Bush st.,
room 4.
PAINTER— PARTNER WANTED WITH
$200, in good shop. E. T. C, box 75, Call.
AI ,V AND PRODUCE BUSINESS: 4 LlV-
ing-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
AY, GRAIN. WOOD AND COAL YARD.
1915 Mission st.
TTOR CANDY KITCHEN, WITH OR
x without tools: doing good business. 3 536 Polk.
GOOD, OLD-ESTABLISH ED DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. 706 Howard st.
PARTNER WANTED*— $600 OR $1200— IN
X good paying « aterworks property. Box 90. Ca11.
ERCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
bought by J. C. MUTHER. 632 Markeu rm. 2.
G^ENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of some means. 1 Fifth su. room 12.
DAIRY PRODUCE! STORE AND THREE
nice light rooms, for sale. 210 Twelfth st.
pOMPLETE SHOEMAKER'S SHOP, WITH
\J tools, cheap. 438 Turk- st.. near Larkin.
P ALACK SHOE STORE FOB SALE; BAR-
X gain. Address E. S. AMES, Uklah, Cal.
GOOD. OLD ESTABLISHED DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. Apply Call Office-
"VTEWLY FITTEO-UP LIQUOR SI ORE FOR
-i-» sale. 732 Devisadero st , cor. Fulton.
ESTABLISHED GROCERY BUSINESS:
cheap; 3 days only. 2859 Mission sU
1 ADY DESIRES A GENTITemTnP ARTNER;
X-i $35 capital. 223 Post St., room 1.
L.UTCHER SHOP, WITH Oii WITHOUT FlX-
'■!> turea. rcnt;slB. 18-6 Howard st.
EARNS BILLIARD HALL, BERKELEY
for sale. Apply on premises.
IP OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS SALOON. APPLY
H. HAAR, 114 O'Farrell sU j _
ROUTE FUR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. IN- ,
qnlre at Call "Mice.
DENTISTS. ~~
CROOME DEN'I A iTaS^oT 7 ! AT?On7 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
1 \K. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting wliea
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. UfcOSiiß W. LEEK, THE GENIIXB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Faxrellsu
I^ULL SET OF ■TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
X rive years; extraction, 50c; fillings, 60a;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X prices ; first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING, M. P., 600 Sutter
"1 H. L. T. . KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS.
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth wlthou;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st.. cor. Grant aV3-
ffl»'7 A !»KT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A-*
«JP I good as can be made: filllns; $1. Dr. SlililA
ceiitlst.. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CIWWX
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13vear»"
experienoe. ■ R. L. W aLbhT D.D.a. Hl6s/ A Geary.
A LL WORK TO SUITT.MES;WARRA TED.
-ex DR. REa, 1870 Maricet su, front City Hail.
DR. DUCKKTT, 1703 PO-T ST.. NEAR BU-
cnanan: gas given; crown and bridge wore.
ALL WORK .REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market sU
SET of teeth without a ri^a.TK. U«- **•
O. Young, 1841 Polk st.
1 iK. J. J.UJJSK, MARKET. CO K.UOLDKN
XJ Gata aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till nooa.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS -TH»
. W££JU.Y call, la wrapper, tor nailim.CITY REAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN * CO., REAL ESTATE
* AGE?.T>, 14 Montgomery St., near MarkeU
. A J IGAINS Jr ST RECEIVED.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS-BARGAIN.
Ss'iOOH TWO VERY WELL BUILT BAT-
' window flats; brick foundation: all
moaern improvements and conveniences: stone
n-alks; street accepted by the city: 25x112:6.
SOUTH PARK KKSIDENCK.
"SOO B KICK BUILDING OF 12 ROOMS
11t ! uv '' and bath; lot 137:6 deep, running
inrough to alley; street accepted by city: 0pp0-
...t. * .*' mortga:eof $2000 can remain in the
Hiberniaßank, if desired.
GOOD LOT FOR FOUR OR SIX FLATS.
$5000. I6TEBST - NORTH BIDE;
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
<ft'-?nnn pacific ST.: STORE and LTV-
vr*J\J\J\J. rooms and flat and rear house;
Ot 26x71:6; street, accepted; rent $23.
ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE,'
Skin (U\(\ grand unobstructed ma-
•ip L\J.\J\J\J. rlne views; contains 10 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements and con-
veniences; 25x137:6.
BUSINESS CORNER ON TURK bT.
$2500. 50X137:6 -
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Qlf^nn INVESTMENT IN SOUTH SAN
♦U JU\l«'. Francisco, paying about 1 percent
net; rent $16 per month; substantial house of 8
rooms In two flats; lot 30x100: only half block
from cd-st. electric line; this is a bargain.
KORECLOSURK SALE.
© 1 UOft PRICE CONSIDERABLY RE-
tIPXUUI'. duced: cottage of 6 rooms and bath,
etc.; 24x105 to an alley: Mission warm belt; good
place for an expressman.
EXCEPTIONALLY EASY TERMS.
%1 77C BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE OP 8
tuJX'l iO. rooms and bath; large basement;
chicken-house, etc.: corner; 26x100: only 6
minutes' walic from Mission-st. cars; small amount i
cash, balance in monthly payments.
PRICE GREATLY REDUCED.
&||) Ol\(\ COKNKR FLATS AT A BAC-
tIPXU.V/UV. riflce; near Market and Valencia
sts.; 6 new modern flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
rent over $100 per month; both streets accepted;
CHEAP BUILDING LOT ON BUSH BT.
Ot'-)1 XA NEAR LA GUN A ST.: EXTRA
<25OX«JV. size; 27:6x137:6; street accepted;
no better location could be found for site for resi-
dence or flats.
WASHINGTON-ST. BARGAIN.
ffl*77nn PACIFIC HEIGHTS - IMPROVE-
<IJTI lUU. ments of little or no value; 60x.
127 :8 V*; lot alone worth considerably more than
price asked; this Is a real bargain.
BY ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR. I
C* '-> QA A Bl .NT $31 : 2 FLATS OF 6 AND 6
tiPUV\J\J . rooms and bath each; Steiner su;
27:6x110; street accepted.
A GRAND BARGAIN— FLATS.
C?X"1 Kn 2 SUBSTANTIAL BAY-WINDOW
*iP *-* X *J\J . flats: brick foundation; stone walks;
street accepted; extra large lot 41:3x137:6: room
for more flats; present rent $38; if flats were built
on this lot 1 per cent net coma be obtained; mort-
gage of $3000 at 61/2 per cent can remain If de-
sired; this is worth looicing at.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records,
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN A C,).. 14 Montgomery st.
WILL E. FISHER & CO., ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
.__ 14 POST ST.
SECOND AYE. BARGAINS.
25x120.
$1000.
$100 down.
$10 per month.
PARK LOT. WILL E. FISHER* CO.
23x106.
Dayton St., nr. Fell.
$2000.
Easy terms.
WILL E. FISHER A CO.
LOTS ON SUTRO RAILROAD.
100 feet from
Electric railroad.
2bx120.
-50 each.
Easy terms.
folsom^t. lots. WILL E. FISHER A CO.
KOLSOM-BT. LOTa
Street work all aone.
Near 16th sU
26x122.
$ . 850.
WILL E. FISHER A CO.
MISSION-ST. CORNER.
Downtown.
7 5 feet fronu
813.500.
Cheap.
WILL E. FISHER A CO.
Full list of Improved and unimproved properties i
on application. Houses to rent, in all parts of the
city. j
WILL E. FISHER A CO.
■ 14 POST ST.
■\:cA*EE BKOTHF.Kf. '.
I*X REAL ESTATE BROKERS,
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CfcC^An CASTRO ST., NEAR MARKET:
tQ \JO\jy '. new store aad flat; rents $45 per
mouth; street work done: will exchange for va-
cant Mission corner.
©91AA CLEMENTINA ST., CORNER BE-
*Z>OX\J\J. low 3d. with 2-story building renting
to 3 tenants for $35 per month; 30. feet front;
reel worK done; tee this.
€i I (\'(\ PRICE REDUCED; WALLER ST.,
<D-Lv/«JV7. near Masonic aye.; 25x149: extra
depth; good neighborhood; street graded and
sewered.
(3>Or»nn GREENWICH ST.. NEAR BU-
<_ OUUU. chanan; 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation; rents $35 per month:
street graded and sewered; lot 26x137:6; an offer
wanted.
CQ9?; LOT IN LAKKVIEW; ONE BLOCK
0?iO£.O. from Ingleside racetrack and 2 blocks
from electric cars; level and ready to build on; a
a cheap lot.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFOKR, 3^9 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$8000— Residence 10 rooms, etc., on Vallejo st. ;
lo; 62:6x137:6. '
$6000— A beautiful home opposite Garfield
square, ou Treat aye.; 7 large rooms: modern ar-
ranged: lot 49x112:6.
$15,000— Mission su, a few doors from the new
I'ostofllce site; a nice 2-story bay-window house;
10 rooms and batb; lot 25x85.
9000— Nob Hill residence; 9 rooms; "modern
arranged.
$27,600— A prominent Mlssion-st. corner, 65x
100; well Improved: rent $2256 per annum.
Reduced to $12,000— Ninth si., near Mission;
double flats: bay-window; lot 25x70.
$10,000— Sixth su; substantial 3-story bouse;
12 rooms; oath; brick foundation: lot 25x160.
$28,000— Market su, near 12tn; 26x130, with
improvements. .
$12,600— Howard sU. near 4th. 2 stores and 12
rooms upstairs: lot 30x80: rems $75.
Thirtieth st. : a-room bouse; lot 25x125
$3000— Ith 3t.. near Brannan; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at $.0.
UNIMPROVED.
$10,000— Fnll block In University Mound Tracu
$900—25x114: 26th St.. w. of Dolores.
$3100— On Fillmore su: 24x82.
$800— Noe St., near 30th: lot 38:6x75.
BARGAINS— BARGAINS BARGAINS.
TF YOU WANT A FINE BUILDING LOT, WE
X have lU
TF YOU WANT A FINE INVESTMENT LOT,
X we have It.
PARK LOTS, MISSION LOTS AND OTHER
X lots at great bargains, on $5 monthly payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery su
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A NICE 6 OR 6
room house? Take a run out to the HEY- I
MAN TRACT on the 22d-st. branch of the Mis- !
sion-sU cars and see the cottage now being built I
on Alvarado su, near Douglass; material first :
class: house built to last: ov<rsU houses built; a
few lots left: street work done; we would like to'
build for you: terms easy.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
"©ll f%n 4-BOOM AND BATH COTTAGE
ijlll""' and level lot; large basement: brick ■
foundation; all new: $150 down; $15 monthly:
near Mission and Thirtieth sts. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 4 Montgomery st. .-,..; -;;^
CHOICE HOME LOTH.|S3SO. ~ ~~
\J I can sell you choice building lots for $350.
. to be paid in installments of $5 cash and $5
monthly. The street work Is all done:
graded, sewered and macadamized. Call or
send 1 tor a diagram. Installment ' lots a
specialty.
E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second cor. of
Mission. Open evenings after 7:30 o'clock.
<£ Qnnn elegant NEW residence OF
»ipOU"'U. 6 large rooms, bath and modern Im-
provements; small cottage on rear of lot; street
work done. Pee owner on premises, 171 Randall
St., near Mission and 30tb.
EE THIS TO-DAY— LOVELY ELAB-
O orate 7-room cottage on Golden Gate aye., near
Baker sU: band frescoed; terms to suit: lot 26x
137:6. TOBIN A McNALLY, 630 Market sU
ki SMALL FLATS IS WESTERN ADDITION,
Z. 4 rooms each; bach, gas. yards: nearly com- 1
pleted; cost $3800: price $3601): owner leaving
city. Call or address 108 Devisadero st.
OUSEAND LOT: 6 ROOMS: BATH; CON-
aervatory; cellar: garden.- 2439 Larkln st.
AA A MARINE VlK~\v : PARK LOT: 25x
JJitUU. 120: W. line of Sixteenth aye., near H
s:., opposite Strawberry Lake: near Afnliated Col-
leges; car line: cottages adjoining: a real sacrifice.
Call at 43 Sixth st.. room 12. 1 to 6 P. M.
HO 1 AND LOT FOX BALE: BEST PART
of the Mission; a corner bouse, wl:h 2 flats,
6 and 6 rooms, baths: brick foundation; lot 'ibx
b9; 1 5200. Inquire at 750 Mission st.
4 ROOMS, BATH, NEW: $50 CASH. $15 PER
t: month. D. PRATT, Frultvale station; THE
W*»CARTHY CO.. 646 Market St., San iranclHco.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
M~~ATSIioiT~4 bIJrkIT^KEaX fiSTATS
Agents; established 1858; 626 Market st.
flU9flon JONES, NR. O'FARRELL; 3
if*.\J\J\J. new flats; rented to one tenant;
small outlay to turn Into store and 2 flats.
pLAY-ST. HILL RESIDENCE: MUST BE
v^ sold: price reduced from $8500 to $6500: 1320
Leavenworth st. ; 9 rooms, bath; large unfinished
basement; improvements Alt; see this at once.
EDUCED; $15,000; BUSH, NEAR DUPONT;
J-\i 2 stores and lodging-house; 41:6x63.
T?LEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE; 8 ROOMS:
-*-* beautifully decorated; very cheap: third cash:
balance same as rout; 1007 Castro st.
f\ C\f\(\ GUTTER ST.. NR. WEBSTER:
«<PXU.UV»\.». double lot, 50x137:6; four new
flats; paying over 9 per cent.
$7kAA REDUCED FROM $9000; PARK
«fl) I O\J\J. residence: N. side Fell st., near
Broderlck ; 9 rooms and bath: 25x137:6.
Cllfinnn page, near broderick: RESI-
«3SOUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath ; lot 26x
b7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
<Si * FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
<pc»UUU. Ridley; rents $44; lot 26x77:6.;
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
©OXAA RITCH, NR. 3D AND FOLSOM; 2
i£P<jO\J\J. houses; 2 frontages; pays 12 percent;
lot 26x76. _
QQnnn RENTS $338 PER ANNUM; 3
«3)OUUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x76.
REDUCED TO $2000; 2 FLATS; SHIPLEY,
XV near 6th; street accepted; large income; lot
25x75.
<C9Qnn ARMY. NEAR DOLORES: COT-
tJpZ.OvVS. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7; make
any offer.
60x190; Waller, near Scott 2 frontages; will sell
In subdivisions.
$3500— Hayes, nr. Fillmore; elegant view; 26x
106:8.
$4500— 24 th, NE. cor. Vlcksbnrjr; 60x114.
$4000—65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2700— Broderick, near Busn; E. side; 30x103.
$3260— Hayes, nr. Kill more: 25x1»7:6.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105. r
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6. •
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderlck; re-
duced from $3000.
$180 Noe, near 18th: 25x110.
$130(1-] near Sanchez: 25x114.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
*800— Pu Lobos, nr. 28th aye.; 25x100.
Madison «fc burke. 626 Market SU
A. H. LISSAK. O. F. Yon Khein.
OF. YON RHEIN <fc CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
$20,000— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear house; rents $117 50.
$9000— Jones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6: 4 new
bay-window flats of 6 and 6 rooms and batn each;
rents $95.
$7000-2 d st. and South Park lane; 45:6x98;
2-story house.
$6500— Pacific st., near Hyde: 23x80: front
house 2 flats, 10 rooms and oath; rear house 4
rooms: rents $13.
$6250— Post st.. near Webster: 24x91:6; hand-
some 2-story residence: all modern improvements;
9 rooms ana bath.
Chenery, near 30th; 31x125; rear;
street on railroad : 123x125; 2houses-
ss7so— Green, near Franklin; '^8x130; 3-story
house, 2 flats; 13 rooms: bath.
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60; brand-
new cottage; all modern Improvements; 6 rooms
and bath.
$4800— Powell sU, near Pine; 22x65:6; 3-story
house: 18 rooms.
$4600— near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6:
two iront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $46.
$5000— Jones, near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms.
R4ooo— Bryant, near 4th: 20x80; 2-story house
of 9 rooms and bath.
Bartletu near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath.
$3800— Sau Carlos aye., near 21st st.; 22:6x75:
2-story house. 2 flats, 7 rooms: $2550.
$3760— Perry St., near Tnlrd; 26x75; 2 flats: 8
rooms and oaths: nts $33 50.
$3000— Himmelman. through to Salmon; 20x60:
house on eacn frontage; rent $29.
$2850— Broadway, near Leavenworth; 22:11 x
137 :6; rear house and stable. '
$2500— Erio st., near Mission; 2-story house: 7 <
rooms and batb; 25x85.
$1650— Kolsom st., bet. Union and Jefferson;
brand new cottage: latest improvements; 5 rooms
and bath: S5OO cash, balance £15 per month.
Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75 ; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leavenworth: 75x87:6;
will subdivide into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 25th-su railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lota on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$4too-23d and Florida: 75x104.
$300i>— -'6;h and Bryant: 25x113- •
$1600— Hyde st., near Filbert: 20x68:9.
$1250— Fair Oaks, near 25th: 26:6x100. .
Slvilti— I lots; Ocean road, near 24th; 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.: 60x188.
$700— Silver aye., near Craut; 60x109; College
Homestead.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th : 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140. .■_.'••;
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114.
HAINWALD. ifCCKBEK & CO., itISAL £8-
-1 ATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
' BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$8750— Jackson st., N. side: modern 2-story bay-
window residence of 9 large rooms and bath;
partly finished basement: street bitumen: stone
sidewalk; mortgage $3500 can remain; lot 26:6 x
100 feet.
$5500— Tehama St., near Third; lot 50x80 feet
with 8 flats; rents $64; lot alone is worth the price
asked.
$2250— 0n1y $100 cash: balance $20 a month,
same as rent new modern cottage in the Mission;
contains 6 rooms and bath and basemenU
$2650— 0n easy terms: $500 cash, balance $20
monthly; new cottage of 5 rooms and bath ; on
Church st.: 25x100 feet.
$16U0— Capp st., near 15th; 26x76 feet; street
I work all done.
$5250— Price reduced; modern 2-story bouse of
6 rooms and bath; Webster St., near Washington:
lot 25x97 feeu
I $2500— Rents $24: 2 flats on Church sL, near
Valley; 4 rooms and bath each: lot 27:6x114 feeu
$2500— Reduced from $3250: positively must be
sold; no reasonable offer will be refused; new
cottage. . •■- •
I $3000— NE. cor. on Bush St.: lot 25x100 feet.
$4250— L0t 54x136 to rear street; good 2-story
1 house of 7 rooms and bath: also 01 c, fine gar-
den, fruit trees, etc.: offer wanted.
$12,000— Residence on the corner of Fulton and
Steiner sts.; all modern Improvements; lot 55x
110: V-ill sell house, with lot 27:6x110, for $9000:
easy terms if desired.
$5750— Fiats and rear house: renting for $56:
Harrison st., near 6th; lot 27:6x85 feat.
$6250— Rents $52 60 per month; 2 fine flats of
C and 7 rooms and bath; Steiner st., near Oak; lot
25x115.
$4250— Rents $44 per month; Clara sU, near
I 6th: lot 25x80.
$8500— Make us an offer; Pacific Heights resi-
t dence of 8 rooms and bath; Jackson st. near Bu-
chanan sU: lot 80x117 ft. to rear street.
$4500— Vallejo »U, near Webster su : finest block
on Vallejo su; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.; $2000 can re-
main.
$4000— Near Ellis and Jones sts.: 2 flats of 5
rooms each: rents for $30; lot 22xt>9 feet.
$6500— Corner Bush and Brodenck sts.; cottage
of 8 rooms and batb; large lot, 84x100 feet; lot
alone Is worth the price asked; the la-it of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all been sola within
the past month.
$40DO— Cottage 1425 Geary St.. near Laguna;
lot 24:11x120 to rear street: 6 rooms.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5. ~
$500— Worth $1000; only one block from the
Miss on carbouse: lot all ready to build on .
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
dHAINWALD, BUCKBEE * CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
■pOINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSE, 41ST, 42D
X and 43d ayes. ; choice lots on electric-car line.
BERNAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS; COR.
Powhattan aye., Butler, Banks and Seigel sts.
and Courtland and Crescent ayes.
C. H. REYNOLDS & CO.. 328 Montgomery st,
V O R SALE— ELEGANT NEW MODERN RES-
-1 Idences situated on Gough St.. near Broadway;
contain Bto 12 rooms, all mi dern conveniences:
fine view; good neighborhood: complete street
work; these houses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere; terms easy: houses open.
MURPHY- 828 "MARKET ST.
• j Loans on first and second mortgages,
£>-.'•■' Estates, etc., 
FROM $50 UPWARD.
$32,500— Rents $225; 4-story building, in good
order; within 200 feei of Market su
$40,000 refused for this property " within one
year. -
ffljPvftfl MUST BE SOLD— ONLY • PART
<Sru\J\J. cash: fine building lot on sunny line of
Hoffman aye.. 110 feet south of 24ih 8L and a few
feet from two car lines; fine view and ready for
building. See at once owner, E. H. DITTNER,
3240 Mission m.
CjQ^nA CORNER LOT AND 3 MODERN
*SHJU\J\J. flats: park panhandle: lot 33x100.
— Cottage of 6 rooms; modern; Elizabeth
St.. near Sanchez; lot 25x114.
$800— Very cheap; Sanchez, near 24th: 24x100.
ENGLISH A MORRISSKY. 628 Market su
ft 1 R(\C\ A NJCE COTTAGE; LOT 25x100
<]I)1OUI/. 8 South Broneri su: call, and see.
HOUSE 6 ROOMS: ALSO STABLE AND LOT:
will sell cheap; offer wanted. 4609 18th sU
I UCID EXPLANATION OF SIXTEEN TO
■JJ one, that Republicans. Democrats and Popu-
lists all agree upon; that all can tret fair bargains
in real estate at PATTERSON'.-*, 2 Valencia su
C. BEMIS, ~" ~" r ~
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MO>TUOitIOIVST.
FOR HAL 4
$2600— K. side of tstanyan su, bet. Carl and
Frederick: 26x100 feet.
$450— Carlos Villa lot; lOOi 160 feeu
$6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overfnn*.
ing the Presidio and bay. ««eno«-
-! 46000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms men. at
park; : 25x137 :t>teet; electric road passes houses*
make offer. '
$8500— Elegant NW. corner or Cole and Carl sta.
. $2100— Choice building lots north of Dark.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C suilO9z9fi ft.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
CYTS REAI. EBTATE.
BALDWIN A MA^LmOND?'"" ~-
-10 MONTGOMERY ST.
fl>£?Xr|A. WEBSTER ST., BET. PAGE AND
tJpvJtJUv. Hatpin: 2 flats of b and 6 rooms and
bath each: rent $42 50; lot 25x100.
Q finnn McAllister ST.. NR. BAKER: 2
tjPUUUU. new bay-window flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; rent $50: lot 25x137:6.
©7nnn BRODEKICK ST., BET. eddy
«ip I UUU. and lurk; doubl* 2-story house, 7
rooms each; lot 39x100; reni $60.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND.
. - 10 Montgomery st.
|F;;.[)A make an UFFEU: BUSH ST.,
»~ O*)\J\J. near Lyon: 2-story and basement
frame building, containing 2 flats of 6 and 6 rooms
and bath each: basement can bj made into a flat;
lot 26x85; rents $630 per year.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery sU
VfEW MODERN FLATS. ~
XV BUILT LEnS THAN A YEAR AGO.
$9750— rent $95: always rented: 8 splendid
flats; 7, 7 and 8 rooms and batn. etc., each; near
corner of Washington and Taylor sts.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery su
NLY WINE LOTS LEFT.
/ 41 SOLD IN A SHORT TIME.
$700— $50 cash, $10 monthly, California and
Lake sts.. Eleven. and Twelfth ayes.; all street
work done; cheapest lots In the city.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
ffl>O9Kn $500 CASH, BALANCE MONTHLY;
<JpO.fc.iJV/. 2-story house of 6 roomsand bain; on
San Carlos aye,, nr. Mission and 19ih sts.: rent
$25. BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
_^ 10 Montgomery su
%1 I ()fif\ PACIFIC AYE., NEAR FILL-
<!? X X . \jyf\J . more sU; 2-story, bay-window res-
idence of 10 rooms and bath: lot 35x1 2&
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
X. TEH AM A ST., NR. THIRD.
<n»9nnn KENI $'-"-: '-' FLATS OF 5 AND 6
<sp4.\J\J\J. rooms each; house has just been put
in fine condition.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
_^ 10 Montgomery sU
GO TO-DAY AND SEE THK
VJ 64 LOTS FRONTING ON
•V STAN VAN STREET
FREDERICK STREET
SHRADER STRi-ET
BEULAH STKEET
COLE STREET
Prices $1250 upward.
Your own terms.
This property is a new subdivision, placed on
the market just two weeks ago. Already a
number of lots have been sold, and much in-
terest has been manifested in this the most
important subdivision of the year. A large
number of people will be out today to see "
the property and pick out a lot. We Invite
you to join them. If you see these lots you
will ag.ee with us that they are not only
choi c residence sites but also the best In-
vestment lots In San Francisco. Remember
this property faces the park and Is near th*
site of the Affiliated Colleges, the contract for
which has just been leu The lots are all
large and level; street work done. Don't
watt, but see them at once. The best lots are
going first.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery sU
LOTS ON THE PARK.
.Every week the number of lots in the block
bounded by 9th and 10th ayes., H and I sts. , grows
less and less. Do you want ope? If so, Bee the
property and pick out your lot at once.
PRICE $750 AND UPWARD. •
TERMS $50 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
You will do well to secure a lot now, as you will
never again be able to buy ho cheap.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery su
OVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
ij Real Estate Agents, 19 Montgomery sU
Rents collected and full charge taken of property.
pHEAP PROPERTY' ON SCOTT ST.; DWEL-
\J ling-house; 10 rooms and bath; can be bought
for a sum slightly above the mortgage.
GlAl^fin LOT W. SIDE BUCHANAN ST.,
tJP^IOUU. N. of Pine; size 27:6x81 feeu
(J> CC A A DEVISADERO ST., NR. HAIGHT:
%irOO\J\J. 2-story res.donee of 7 rooms and
bath; modern improvements, e:c. ; lot 24x103:3 fu
©Q7XA ThHAMA ST., NR. 4TH; FRONT
ilpOiOU. and rear houses; rents $34; lot 25x
75 feet.
©QQnn VERMONT ST.. NR 23D; LARGE
«JPOO\'V. lot; 33x100; 2 new flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each.
<Sfi(\(\(\ Clementina st., nr. 6TH; 4
<JiuUU. flats; rents $46; lot 25x76.
4£l Q.(\f\ NEARLY NEW COTTAGE IN
OX OUU. Mission; 6 rooms and bath; high
basement; large lot 50x70 feet; a very desirable
home at a great bargain.
©COnn EASTLAKE RESIDENCE OF 1 8
C^«UU. roomsand bath, laundry, etc.; Wash-
ington sU, near FUlmore; lot 28x127:81,4 feet.
<2»O£AA i GREENWICH ST., NEAR FILL-
t£)^O\J\J. more: large lot 39x120 feet; Im-
provements; 2 cottages: a bargain.
Oil E\(\r\ RENTS $20 PER MONTH; ZOE
vDX O\J\J. St., peu Bryant and Brannan, 3d and
4ih; 2 flats and rear hous?.
CM 1 F.(\(\ SCOTT ST.. NEAR McALLIS-
<JTX I.UUU. ter; 2 new houses of 12 rooms and
bath each: lot 35:6x125 feet; rents $80.
pOOD INVESTMENT: PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
VJ" 2 new houses; all modern improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap; fine
marine view. Fillmore and Green sts.
VI ISSION COTTAGES. ~
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-su
cars at 24th at. and Potrero aye. ; all street work
finished; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
j $2000— Five-room cottage.
$1800— Four- cottage.
$1650— Four-room cottage. : - •;"-. -:
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL,
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Onr Installments are easier than rent.
©"I nh TO $250— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
vDXXfKf TO S2sO— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
X W at once; near Mission and San Mateo
Electric Car lines: only #5 monthly payments.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ffIJ7C TO $1200— BEST LOCATED LOTS NEAR
<Iply electric lines, north and south of park:
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Colleges*
$6 and $10 monthly payments.
I- SOL GETZ <fc BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ <fc BROTHER, Owners,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Buldlng.
©ROFin NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
fJT\Jji.O\J. choicest part of Ashbury Heights.
Frederick su, near Asnbnry; contain 6 and 6
rooms and have every modern improvement; well
planned: sun In every room; marine view; In-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
mit to inspect apply 10 TOBIN & McNALLY, 630
Market st. ..'.•.,-,- .-.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
" flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st. ' .
<p J&OU. Post, near Van Ness; resi-
dence contains 10 rooms and bath: excellent loca-
tion for physician: lot 27:6x120 to rear street.
Particulars Of G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Mont-
. gomerv sU ■ ■ . ■ .
TO CLOSE partnership— for sale, A
X business block; centrally located: handsome
Income: will take $36,000 In country property,
$10,000 cash, mortgage for balance; price $85,000.
ALSIP A CO., Mills building.
~
EADTHIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
the Han Leandro road and main street to
Fltchburg station; size 100x100; cheap at $20
per front foot.
RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled i price $600.
BUSINESS CORNER AT FITCHBURO STA-
Uon; frontage to suit at $16 per front foou
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
divide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or mail at once to home-seekers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery ana grow cut flowers for
the markeu
rVTHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits Of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THAI), a FITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery sU, 8, F.
INOLEBIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern Im-
provements: lot 62:6x126; »old at a great sacrifice.
U. W. H. PATTERSON A CO., a Valencia st. :
I'M CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
<iS>O\J\f for a new bouse on ea-t side of Cole st.,
near Wa'ler: 8 rooms and bath; larce lot J5x126;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 • to - $-<:75 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
MONET? ; WANTED.
7nrj-^rkrTvVAl?T^
«JPiJU\JU t°rprise that , will pay very largely;
strictest investigation solicited; principals only.
Address J., box 29, Call Office.
CITY BEAt ESTATE,
it "speck" & co., eo2 market st.
. Solid and paying investments.
$J£>AA CASH. $1500 IN MONTHLY PAY-
OUU ments same M rent, buys that lovely 6- I
room rottace half block from Mission-st cars: this '
property is sold to satisfy mortgage.
<2»Q7P:A 3 NICE FLATS ON LEAVEN-
«JpO I O\J, worth st.; all rented; pays 10 per
cent net; half cash.
ffi»QAn CASH, $1200 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
<IPCVM' 2 nice flats near the U. S. Mint; don't
wait but see us immediately.
<B!IAAA (ASH. 3600 BANK MORTGAGE,'
tjp 1 \J\J\J buys 3 nearly new flats; car line; only
few blocks from City Hall; all rented; $47. : 1
©onnn cash. $3000 mortgage, BUYS i
— ' "' i\J 4 fine flats, half a block from Seventh ',
and Market sts.: rent about $550.
ffljf'nnn 8 5- ROOM COTTAGES, with lot I
rJpUUUU. 11 a feet front: good locatioi: paving
over 12 per cent: must sell: loss no object.
ffl»Qnnn 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2 !
•tIpOUUU. fronts: rents $1000: near Call Office; I
terms, one-half cash ; any reasonable offer wanted.
<C 1 A AAA 6 FINE FLATS ON MASON ST. ;
tJpXtt. UUU. large lot; rents over $100.
<&A?\ 000 BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
<p-±c».W/U. Fourth and Market sts. : rents
$4000.
SI'KCK A- •■•P., fin-.' Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
. also UPIIIGHT, CAREFULLY USED, $150; '
■ also Stelnway, Chase Bros, aud others, cood
condition. THE J. DEWING COMPANY', sec- j
ond floor. Flood building, Fourth and Market sts. |
(Si 1A A STANDARD UPRIGHT: COST »475;
X*lU. on $5 Installments. 221 Leaven worth.
B.TIBING FROM business— ATA
XV sacrifice to promptly close out stock: Knabe,
Unities and Bush & Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT &
CO.. 324 Post st. . .
~T~N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND SEC-
iA. oud-band pianos from leading makers; -no-
body can offer better terms and prices: remember
ours Is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLER <fc CHASE, 28
O'Farrell St., San Francisco.
\ CTUaLLY THE BJ-ST BARGAINS IN Pl-
■l\- anos; see our Ist tor this week- pianos on $3
$4. $5, $6. $7. $H, $9, $10, $15, $-.'0 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in tie city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
4-STORY BUILDING, • CORNER OF
Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sa!e on monthly payments of
S3, $4. $5. $6. $7. $8. $9, $10. $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month; the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Kteinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands; why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments ? every
piano guarantee -1; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover included; no charge for drayage: pianos I
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN",
CLaY A CO., cor. Kearny and Hotter sts.. also !
Oakland, Cal.. Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coiwu
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY j
p ano business, my old quarters on Market '
su are entirely too small; I have therefore moved '■
Into my own building, at 52tf Hayes su, between '■
Octavla and Laiiuna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly ; as i buy tor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house in San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
ALL MUSICAL GOODS BOLD AT REDUCED
prices, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIS', 769 Market sU. v
MAGNIFICENT STKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1010 Van Nesss
GIOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA>H
f BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlpernla Bank.
G» 1 !\O BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BO!*-
-<IP I«JU. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Tost.
G. .BAIXiER, SOLE AGENT FOR HALLKT
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac 1 to
C~ HICKERINU.KNABK. STECK.VOSK,STKR- \
ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos '
•or rent. BENJ. CURTA3 & SON, 16 O'FarreU.
YRON MM/.Y, :<UH POST ST.— .NOHAIL.it,
X> Newbv A Evan*. Hrlgga and other rttanos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW !
0 H. ii U LLE R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham slac«.
— — — _
HORSES.
FOR SALE-LIGHT RoXi7tT^a7ToFbLACICsI
standard bred; also standard-bred bay mare, !
well broken; must be sold. Can be seen at 347
Fremont su, and trial given.
milK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 V A.
■I lencla su, is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchanpe horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock. '
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own maice, of every de-
scription, for Ings money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue, 110 McAllister sU.S. K.
"I cr» SETS NEW A.HU SECOND HAND h a it-
XO\J ness, all kinds: wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission *-.
1 A ROE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER :
Xj broken; cheap: Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial. !
r,/W| SET NEW A.M> »U"OM>HAMi UAH-
tJ\J\J ness: all kinds: bugcy.waeon, carts, surrey
rockHwav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
AO HORSES i-uK SALE; ALSO -WAUON4,
rk\J bugeles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Uoria
Markeu 327 Slx.h su ; auction sales every WeUii«»*-
car. SDLLIVAN A fmYLK. A nctloneen
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
IVoR SALE-LIGHT " wa«on7^lso' busi-
■ ness buggy, cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye.
T>OCKAWAY AND FINE PHAETON FOR i
Xt sale. Apply 1311 California st.
NE NEW BUSINESS BUGGY; MUsT BE
sold. 1202 Webster su
GOOD HORSE, HARNESS AND WAGON
cheap. 4218 Twenty-sixth su, near Castro.
rpo TRADE— A LIGHT BUGGY FOR LIGHT
X business wagon. 813 Stockton.
"TOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
-I carriage* of every Iptlon; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvill Mfg Co.. 46-48 Bih St.. 8. K.
~ MEDICAL.
BLESSING TO LADIES BUFFERING
from irregnlarities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment-
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well-
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times: home in confinemenu DR. A MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next nibernla Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $J;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. x. and 7 to 9 p. v.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post su. near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU- I
men or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent aud nsed at home; all cases guaranteed;
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. PR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
p M. NELSON, MEDICAL GYMNAST AND
V 7. masseur, gives massage and medical* gymnas-
tic treatments at your home; rheumatism, neural-
gia, headache, and nervous weakness, etc. treated
successfully. Address care of DR. a. H. PRATT
northeast corner Twelfth and Broadway, Oakland.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe re-
liable; ta"ke no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," In Utter by return mail-
at druggist's. ChlchesterCbem. Co.. Philadelphia.
B. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY' OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge; separate home for patients: best skill-
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister st.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladfes troubled with Irregularities: no dancer;
safe and sure; (2 60 express *.'. O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD 8K03.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and daring confinement: infanta adopted
Into good homes; > treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
CURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
0 from whatever cau a home In confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, br
MRS. DR. GWYEK, 226 Turk st. • lmr * al ' ewu - . D '
MRS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE-HOME IN
confinement; ■25 years' experience. 665 Mis-
sion su - ■
RS. M. E. BODGERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
R. DORA GRAY— ALL FEMALE COM-
plaints restored ; cure guaranteed. 327 Eddy.
ft' IRREGULAR OK ANY FEMALE DISEASE
Xsee MRS.DX. PUETZ and becontenU -64y a 4th.
R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women ana children. ■
"PRIVATE HOME IN CONFIIXKMENT MRS.
DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth >U. Alameda.
LOST. ~ "
V OST— FOX" TERRIER DOG: TAN* HEAD
XJ and tall; tan spot oo back; liberal reward
Return to gal Webster st. .
LOST— ON THE NIGHT OF AUGUST 3, AT
J the Market-street ferry or on the Oakland boat
or train (narrow gauge), a basket containing books
and papers of the \vest Indian Benevolent Asso-
ciation. Suitable reward will be paid for return of
same to GEORGE CUTHBERT, 632 Market st.
8. F.. room 26. *' - • ' ■- - : '
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
XJ savings and Loan society of San Francisco In
the name of MARY BLANCHETTE; No. 1691152
The finder will please return to the bank. ■ ~. -
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIHERnTa !
savings and Loan Society 01 Ban Francisco in
the name of ROSE CORCORAN, No. 107425. The
finder will please return to bank. ■ ,
1 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Xj Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
me name of JOHN DELEHANTY.' No. 122 266
The finder will please return to bank.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. .
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.
DAVID BUSH. COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
C"|n PEK ACKK FOR THE PROPERTY
«IT 1 *-' known as "Lakeside" at Lake Ta'>oe: It
comprises 1000 acres of land beautifully situated
on the shores of Lake Tahoe, with the. improve-
ments thereon: descriptive catalogue and pictures
and further, particulars may oe obtained at the
office; this would be a very valuable property for
a r.ub to own or for a syndicate to purchase and
subdivide In small ho!i!iii'..<. >
' E\f}f\ 15 ACRES 1 MILK - FROM LOS
tJPTUI/U. Gatos: on sprinkled road: all out In |
French prunes; 1 acre alfalfa; plenty of water: j
cabin and barn: a beauilful place: will exchange,
Q|;||AA 38 ACRES 8 MILES FROM A MA. ■
«jpl/vV/v/. ou county road to >i\ma. Cruz: 10 !
acres in orchard; fine improvements In house,
barn, summer house and cottage: • water from
springs aud creek; schools: will exchange.
<3: 1 i\ HAH 317-ACRKh 1 near wood-;
»JpXU. \J\jyl, lutid, • Yoio County: splendid I
ranch: all level land and iqup;>. d with stock and
tools; « ill exchange for San Francisco property.
$| i\f\l\ fOB 2B At UK ■. 2% MILKS FROM
*iP * vUv, Martiut-z, on coumy road: 6 acres
Muscat aud Tokay table grap n: family orchard of
about 75 trees; about 12 acres ricn loam bottom
land, balance hilly pasture, well wooded; good
house and barn: this is cheap.
«fc I (1|)() 160 acres near santa ROSA,
«jpt±UUW. l^a miles fr. m railroad station; 30
acres in youixi orchard, mostly in bearing: no
liner orchard In county; trues «re nil four years
old: corn, beans and potatoes me panted bntween
the orchard: 70 acres more r ady to be planted:
balance of the land fine pasture land, gentle slope,
no brush; 4-room house, burn. chicken-Louses;
plenty of wood and water: title United states
patent; the greatest bargain in Soaoma County.
,lOit RENT— SEVERAL FINE RANCHES IN
X the bay counties to rent to cash renters only;
particulars xt office.
!*r£:a_-.' ■■? ■•.•- ■■ ' ;- :
rpHE SUCCESS
OP THE SEASON.
McMAHAN ESTATE
COLONY TRACT
In Northern Polano County Is being subdivided
and parceled out in small holdings to actual set-
tlers at reasonable prices and on most favorable
terms. No land In the world is richer than that in
tin; valley of the Putah Creek. Among the splen-
did bogles of land unJercoins partition none can
surpass in fertility of soli and beauty of location I
theMc.Mahan rancho, adjacent to the town of I
Winters.
This rancho was formerly a part of the old Wolf-
skin gra.it, known far and wide as amonc the very
best tracts of land in lornla. Putah Creeic
flows through the McMahan tract, aid every foot
of the 4000 a res now being subdivided will pro-
duce anything from cabbages ana o.iions to or-
anges, lemons and pomegranates. Tlie location is
Lvi 75 miles from San Francisco, ad is 111 the
midst of as b-autiful a country as one could wish
to see. Hundreds of the finest orchards in Califor-
nia do; the slopes in every direction, and the
church and school b*ll can everywhere be beard.
In short, it is an ideal region for the intelligent
Indns-.rious, well-to-do home-seeker, and he can
here Had, at a cost of $67 60 per acre, land which, I
ocated in some other sections of the State not a I
whit more attractive, could not be bought for $200 I
per acre. Two thousand acres sold sluce January
1, 1896.
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
19 Montgomery st., 8. F.
FARMING THAT PATS— 6O CWT. HORSE
beans per acre, 25 tons green corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, IiOO bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Estate: richest land In California: In tracts from
5 acres up; also grain and dairy land; price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer; don't buy
poor land: the best is cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, San Luis Obispo Co., cal.
TT77 26 ACRES OK NO. 1 LAND 3 MILKS
XIII. east of Novato station, including 600
chickens, 2 horses, 1 cow, single and double har- '
ness, wagon, cart and all implements: beautifully i
located: overlooking the bay ; price $2500; $1000
cash, balance In 3 years at 8 per cenL
j 1178.— 47 y& acres about 60 miles from San Fran-
cisco and % of a mile from town with river front-
age: all flue vegetable and fruit land: fenced Into
4 fields; good house, barn and numerous outbuild-
ings: ail stock Included. •• ■
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO., room 29, second floor,
Milts building. San Francisco. . . .
A SSIONEES SALE.
xv 300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pieasanton, Alameda County; 1% hours
from San Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre. Room 57, Chronicle building,
Sun Francisco.
TO RENT ON SHARES— ISO-ACRE FARM.
X 20 acres fruit, 20 acres grain land, balance pas-
ture and hay; good buildings; school; !s miles
from railroad station. M. S. GIBSON, Nlles, Cal.
A BHURST COLONY. ~ ' ~~ '
-.*•■ At Asburatyou will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be self-sustaining, at-
tractive and profitable, and on terms better than
have ever before been offered. We have our own
homes in this colony and are determined to sur- I
round ourselves with neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms
in our very midst. We have every facility for a
grand developmenu We make It possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and Industrious to
make with v* homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10, Mills building,
San rancisco.
rpO LEASE— 63B ACRES, BAY POINT STA-
X tion, Contra Costa. MISS NEELY. 1614 Bush.
•OANOH WANTED TO RENT; ABOUT 20 I
Xt acres, with small house, not over 10 miles
from san Jose. Give terms, etc, to W. T. A., box
9. Call Office. .' '
>< I (|| |(| 160 ACRES NEAR BT. HELENA,
»JplVM'\F. Napa County: running stream of
water; partly cultivated: wine and fencing: fine
road; over 1000 cord* of wood; worth $2000: will
Bell for $1000, either cash or easy installments, i
; Apply L. OESTERREICHER, 630 Market St.,
opp. the Palace.
OR SALE, TO CLOSE ESTATE— 2S ACRES,
X I decant orchard and home, in best part of Niles
and Centervllle fruit district; crop this year 110 I
tons, sold 10 Ear! Fruit Co. for Eastern shipment; }
no fair offer refused; buildings and equipment ex-
cellenu Estate, box 35, Newark.
I^AKMS-WE HAVE SEVERAL FARMS
with buildings and Improvements taken on
1 mortgage: will tell from $ > to 810 per acra; easy
terms: contract expiring; you had better buy be-
fore election. Address WARNER & CO., 465 I
Ninth st., Oakland, CaL
JfOR 280 ACRES GOOD UNIMPROVED
land in Tuolumne County; also 160 acres in I
Marlposa County; wood and water; cheap for '
cash. Address s., box 43, Call Office.
rpHEiINEsT HOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of yean, or the right
party can secure a half Interest m a good paying
ranch property, as the present owner is not able to
give It the attention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of bogs the year round.
For particulars addressX. V., box 60, Call office.
ANY ONE WANTING" A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery sU
I ITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOW.V, IM-
XJ proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market st., 8. F. .
ALFSECTIONOFGOODLANDIN
County, for Improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call Office,
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
ACRES FIRST-CLASS FRuTF^ANCIT!
O\J highly Improved; an Ideal home; 2 miles
from Oakland: to exchange for San Francisco,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose or Oakland property.
300 acres, near Stockton : magnificent cram ranch ;
fine house, 14 rooms ana outbuildings; to ex-
change for San Francisco, Stockton, Berkeley or
Oakland property. A first-class Kansas farm ; 160
acres: new house, barn, etc.: nicely Improved: Al
in every particular; to exchange for California
property. J. S. MEYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land. *■;■: ' .
USINESS BLOCK . IN OAKLAND TO EX-
change for country property: unusual oppor-
tunity. J. H. MACDONALD A CO., 470 Ninth st.,
Oakland. \v;.
if OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
' Francisco property— First-class residence prop-
erty In the city of Ban Jose: by the acre or In large
lots; all on the lines of electric railroads; also 5
acres in 3-year-old fruit trees in the city of Oak-
land. Address P. O. box 1846, S. F.
XCHANGE IMPROVED CITY AND BAY
property for lodging-houses: ranches and val-
uable timber land for lodging-houses and other
business. UNDERWOOD A CO., 765 Market st.
ITY PROPERTY* WO TH «750, TO EX-
change for Eood land short distance from city
Address S.. box 17, Call. - ■■ ■■ ■• —
EAL ESTATE . CUMBERED FOR
furniture or anything you have. Berlin, 813
■ Market st. |
CAOAi,, WOOD, HAY. UUAIN EXCHANGED j
; for small Improved ranch. Address J. WIL-
SON, 339 Hayes st.
UKDfOKUUIt LIST OJ? ORCHARD
for sale. . .WOO3TER «fc WHITTON. San Joss.
1 »lt.| 1 ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.-
-I£O\J water: fine for raisin?. N..bx.16.Ca1l
PROFESSIONAL ; CARDS.
RANK SHAY, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. ROOM
421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
OHN E. i.ICHARDS, LA OFFICE.-*. ROOMS
2ti and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, Han Francisco, Cal. •
TOUN R. AITKEN" AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
O attys law, rms 51 6. 5 16. sth floor, Parroti bldg.
PHYSICIANS.
R. C. O'DONN EL 1206 "MARKET, COR
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
I \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
It his museum. 1051 Market st.: his 80 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
toe worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
TYPEWRITERS. — —
'VS'aIIGRAPH. $16: REMINGTON, 930. SCOTT
\J A BANNAN, 333 Montgomery M. , .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
._■ OAKXANP real ESTATE.
shl OOn LE " S THAN VALUE.
<PXUUIF Price $2300: lot 100x120: corner: 3
blocks to electric cars aad local station: cottage 4
rooms: almost ie\v; terms, $700 cash; $1800:
cost, $ * 1 00.
Cottage 5 rooms: bath: nearly new; modern
throughout; street work and improvements com-
plete; near school: electric cars and lecal; $200
CB » h ;,^'' ance mort a Se; first come, first served.
_ $1000 discount: price only $2600: 2-story
house, 10 rooms, 2 flats: modern; lot 45 ft front,
on principal street, near business center: this is
a rare bargain; seeing is believing: call and ex-
amine. , ,
■ $1000 discount: business corner. 100x100- half
Improved: the corner lot Is vacant; present in-
come, $960 per annum; must be sola; any offer
above mortgage, $15,400, accepted; $3000 cash
J. K. MYERS,
1002 road way. Oakland.
pHANCE FOR A HOMeTnEW HOUSE OF 3
\J large rooms: hard finished: barn: chicken-
house; lot 100x108, all fenced; 'i blocics -from
electric cars: price only $775. H. a. PLEITNER,
Fruitvnle station. : - : ;.:-'.-.v
"VfEW COLONIAL HOUSE; 7 BOOMS AND
-Li bath; lot 40x120; price $1SOO: easy terms.
J. 11. iIACDONALD <fc CO., 470 -Ninth sU, Oak-
land. • '
(£?97^A; 2-STORY HOC>E OF 8 ROOMS;
tjp.4- I O\J. new an! modern: well located: no
rash and $30 monthly. ALUEN A KRONEN-
BE Kg. 90;: Broadway.
CJ OOD COUNTRY PROPER I'Y WANTED IN
T exchange for several good residences in city.
ALDEN AKRONENBi-.bg, 902 Broadway.
ai* I O(\i\ SIX ROOM HOUSE AT $17 PER
YD XO\J\J. month: no cash required; well
located. ALDEN & KRONENBEIIG. 902 Broad-
way. "
Q"l Rnn EASY TERMS; A BARGAIN:
l*-'\r\J. chicken ranch: 4-room house; well
good water; 1 acre; Piedmont. WM. P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. "
rilO EXCHANGE FOK RANCHES; 30 HOUSES
X and lots now rentea in Oakland, Berkeley and
Alameda. J. H. ED»ON, 962 Broadway, Oakland.
pOOD CASH BUSINESS: APPLY AT ONCK.
\y T. K. AN PERSON, 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
you. SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
X I Nineteenth ave-. and Twenty-fifth St.: lot 140 x
350 feet; house of 10 rooms: grounds in lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
BE Mlis, 324 Montgomery st.
THE BEST BARGAIN IN FKUITVALK;
X house of 6 rooms,' large barn and chtcken-
honse; lot 135x180: coruer; fine soil; large fruit
trees: only $1200; terms to suit. LODGE it
POWELL, Fruit vale Station.
MY SPECIALTY IS ~ '
HOUSE-RENTING IN • ', ; ~;
OAKLAND.
2 story modem 9-room bouse. $25
1- story modern 6- room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MOKE.
WM. M. DeWOLK. House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— -1435 PARK STREET.
AI,.\Mi:l)A KKAL. ESTATE.
&ftA ft LOT 60x160; GOOD LOCATION;
(JiUUU. easy terms.
. $1300—33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
$2100—60x160: house of 7 rooms and bath.
$5000—50x150: bouse of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; rally located.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda; office ope
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land company,
1500 Par* su, A anieda.
IIOR SALE— r ~~ : :
X! House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. : house 4
rooms. Grand st.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett sU:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Ban Francisco property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st..
___^ San Francisco, Cal.
Q9^nn MUST ;BK SOLD; HOUSE OF 10
is>£i)\J\J. rooms and bath : lot 60x150; cheap-
est buy In Alameda. 617 Railroad aye., within 2
blocks of broad and narrow gauge depots. See this.
9O A NEW COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS; ALL
nP^«JUvf. improvements: $50 cash; $25 per
month. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.. Alameda.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ TUB
WEEKLY CALL. In wraDDer. for mailing.
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
p ILT-EDGE BERKELEY CORNER CHEAP-
VJ College way and Durant aye.; 60x133; aristo-
cratic neighborhood: street work done. J. P.
ROSS. 1605 Turk St. ;
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. - O. O. MAY & CO., real esiaca,
building arid loans. 2123 Center St.. Ker^lßv.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
OR RENT, NEWLY. FURNISHED COT-
tage 5 rooms, bath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way. Kant Berkeley. ■
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
©inn c\nn AT w^T rates: city
<3)XUU.UUU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds: estates: any sum.
BHAINW ALP, BUCKBEE&CO.. 218-220 Alontgy
A DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
XV jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLhr"
STORE. HiS Market sU: open evenings.
ANTED— $1000 ON 8 PER CENT IN-
>' terest per annum: security, chattel mortgage
on business firm; machinery. Ad. M.. box 48, Ca11.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTER-
eM per month for each SlOUO; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance, coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOANED ON JJtWiiiLHV AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
HOOMarketsU.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 lure
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays: so commissions: low
Interesu Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st,
CMP: ftftft OK LESS TO LOAN ON CITY
tip^tO. UUU, Improved real estate at 7 per cent
per annum. ML. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 'lit or 8D MOKTUAWK37
-ci- estates, undivided Interests, real estate la ora-
bate. McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
T OAKS ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS
Xj without removal; low interest. Room 3, 216
Powell street.
CJ«CA UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<JPtJV gages: Int. In estates. MURPHY.62B Mrkt
A DVaNUESONDIAMONDSjJEWELKY, ETO
XV Colombia Loan .t Collateral Office, V Grant ava.
ONE'S TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
MoKI fEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
MONEY LOAN ED ON PIANOS: LOW RAIES.
11 Stockton su Tel. No. Black 1201.
PAWNBROKERS.
WISE AND SAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and Se-
curlty Office, r. 7, Hood bldg. : entrance 809 Mku
T 126 KEARN\ ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private room: elevator: Pledges for sale cheap.
J^,-^,^.^,.^5?. A i?s :! J [^ ' ___
CM C\d Ci(\r\ TO WANAS LOW AS BANKS.
*$)X\J\J. \f\J\J Apply rm2'J2,(-Kl. safe Dep.Bldg.
_ EDUCATIONAL. _ '.
ME. MELVILLE "SN Yd Kb7"7I5 TpoST ST?;
v. cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic Acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday. 8 r. x. ; $1. >• ■' •
THEN SINGING LESSONS FOR $I,BY A GRAB-
X uate of Win. Tomlins of Chicago: children's
classes Fridays from 4t05 p. M. ; private lessons
any hour by appointment. Address or call upon
MISS ESTELLE CARPENTER. 1626 O'FarreU
St., near Webster.
PUPILS WANTED IN ENGLISH, LATIN
X and mathematics; literature a specialty. MISS
ROULSTON. 724 O'Farrell su
SPANISH SCHOOL: PREPARES FOR BU3l-
ness: daily 4to9p. m. Room 10, Y. M. C. A.
building. - -
NULISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
Sh literature. MISS FAOBN, 427 Setter su
RENCII LESSONS, PARISIAN . ACCENT,
£ $2 month: «lso Ringing and piano taught. | 109
Taylor su, room 7.
QKETCHING FROM NATURE— NOW
O forming; lessons in painting and etching; studio
or pupil's residence. J. M. GRIFFIN, 237Twelith
avenue. ' . "
PANISH,FRENCH,ETC.;Prof.DEFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, Postsf.estab'd 1871
YRES", THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
Montgomery st. individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc ;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and nlghu
A LMA K. HYKK, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
xi. jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPiNu, WKI'USU, ARITHJiIC.
(lay it nl -lit: noclaHaen; $5 month. 846 Mission
pKOr. LOUIS MEHKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X goiur, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powli.
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es pianaBlnglng,French-.s3mo. R. 14. 1002 Polk
R. * M KS. KOLaM'ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 93 Market -st., opp. Mason
. ELAbCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL Of ACTINu—
13 Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and la. 1. O. U. F. block. 7th and Mkt
QCHOUL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O cbanlcal engineering, surveying, Hrchitectnre-
nssay; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 72«Mkt.
: "PROFESSOR U. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
X violin guitar, mandolin. . >n:.io. 1707 M»r'-et.
*" PHOTOGRAPHERS ; SUPPLIES.
SEEDS*— NOT PUMPKIN SEEDS, BUT SEED
dry plates, with . developers and all requisites
for photographing, at Cal. Camera Co., 124 Geary.
! PERSONATE.
BI»->OBRY I COULO NOT 'EE YOU;
. write to-day: I wHI be there when you say.
C. K.
OUNG MAN, 21, WOULD LIKE TO Mr.EC
X servant girl: object matrimony. A. it., box 4,
Call Office.
RIIiHV AMERICAN WIDOW WISHES TO
meet gentleman with means, matrimony. M.,
box 83, Call. . ....... ..
A OXTH TO-DA V YOU LEFT; SEEMS A
O very long time. Good as gold. BEN.
TJOCOCO OR ANY OTHER ANCIENT OR
IV modern style of hairdressing I do for 25 cents;
Quinonia hair tonic, 35c a bottle: switches. $1;
have enlarged jmy parlors. G. LEDEREK, HI
Stockton st. ' > '
IF YOU ARE TROUBLED ABOUT YOUR
hair or scalp consult K. E. McLKaN. physician
for the hair: best city references: separate rooms
for ladies Koom 44, i-t. Aim's building. .-.'.■- ■■■;.:;•
V'OU.NG LADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GEN-
-1 tleman partner; small capital required. 9 Pow-
ell St., room 7. ' •
ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Kms. 46-46: ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order :flt guaranteed ;low prices
RS^ THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. AND
manicure. 101 Grant aye., room 10."
GENI'LEMAN partner wanted BT
lady of means. Room 7. 108 Taylor st.
ives and MOTHERS— DRUNKENNESS
' » can be cured without the patient's knowledge;
will send receipt free to those who need it. Ad-
dress with stamp, MRS. MAY HAWKINS, lock
box 131, Grand Rapids. Mich. .
MARRIAGE PAPER— RICH MEN AND
and women adver Ise to marry; ladles adver-
tise free: 10c. "Bow Knot," Spokane, Wash.
HOROSCOPES FREE "7~DAYS; 2 2-CENT
stamps. W. MONROE.astrjloger.777 MarkeU
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGETAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. 8. Mint;
1) AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. FO tt SALE;
-It also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rate*.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth sU. Oakland. Cal.
LATKfST STYLE IN HAIRURESSING 25c,
J at Up.to-Date Parlors, 850' Market st, room
14. Lessons given: morning and evening classes.
BUY YOUR I>KESS GOODsTtaTBLE LINEN,
lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handicerchieis, vei ines, etc., very cheap,
at PJoneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fifths;.
WANTED— LADY CAPABLE OK SEMI-PUB-
He speakln :. Address B. H., box 69. Call.
LADY (STttANi.KK) DESIRES GENILK-
man partner; $26 capital. H. 2. 122 Post st.
I MYRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLORS-
-i'i manicuring, hairdressiiig. 1362 a Market su
I room 8.
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty, private; no charge unless successful; alt
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK,atty-at-law. HSOMarketaU
ADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS;
O manicuring: hairdressing. 8661/2 Market, r. 12.
L INE WATCH REPAIRING. JEWEL
-1 made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices; fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
CM PANTS To ORDER: SAMPLE BY' MAIL.
Ci WERTHMAN Pants Co . 22% Geary streeu
rpHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
Ing Company, 1117 Market su, bet. 7th and bth.
OIRUNKS DKLIVERKD 25C. BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 67.
DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partinston, Gertruda
Partington. R. L. Partineton. Particulars 424 Pins.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 10291/2 Market su,
beu Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
ALL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles. seers, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
RAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; FINK
edge put on ray.or,2sc. Razor Exchge,63UMarket
"ELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome «U, upstairs.
OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVB-
X> ry night cor. Market and bixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of buii-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Mark«:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 pec
weeic; free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
IBEIIAL ADVANCES OX DiA.MUSUa, JJsiW-
-i #lry. «-tc: lowest ratnn. t)4B Market sU
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Sd. cor. .Tp<*l<».
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma sU, above Sixth. .
TYLISH SUITS. S3 UP: SKIRTS, 76c UP;
' lit guaranteed. 569 U3 Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
■ Titan a, THE GYPSY' QUEEN, a i TURK ST. ;
VJT truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, tocce
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
•ARRIVED — THE GREAT CLEOPATRA,
xv wnrse wonderful Egyptian Astrological and
French Clairvoyant cards will tell yoar whole life;
ladies 26c; gents 50c. 135 Hayes su, nr. Van Ness.
ME. POKIER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
anu card- reader, born v.-ith a don Die veil and
second sight; ladies 60c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk su. nr. Jonea.
TlylME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
XTJ pas ., present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 866 Mission st.
MiS. MOUEAU, BEST MEDIUM; KEVEAI3
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard nu
ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766% Howard sU
ME. HA.NSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th St., r 5.
ME. LEGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future: 25c. 311Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
/"'ION CHITA. CARD READING; PAST, PKES-
\J ent, future. 821 Howard St., room 15.
YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c: gents 50c.
ME. CR THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post: fee $1 : letter $3.
MME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE*
1»1 husband, wife: Indies 25c, 50a 914 O'Farrell.
———————— — __
SPIRITUALISM.
'V J VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 13
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE »1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWABIr
" HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! "
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are yon In trouble, sick or "down"? If st
read this and learn that life Is yet worth livlnz'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man/
thousands on this coast in the ten years pant, li
again at her old offices, 1320 Market streeu San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on of
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succesi
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: thi
separated are united; the sick made strong; the
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wlfa
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortal*
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She doe,-'
not know what fallnre means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) curt
every disease that human flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of how Ions: standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Disease* diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1820 Market su, opp. Seventh,
' ' San Francisco.
T7IRIENDSHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
X MRS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings Sun. Mod.
Thurs.and Sat.; 7:30; clr. Tue., Fri. 2 p. m.: slttgs.
RS. LEWIS, BUSINESS MEDIUM: SlT-
tlngs daily; $1; 12 to 5. Parlor 2, 1007
Market 8U
EO. D. WINSLOW, TRANCE. TEST ME-
dlum; Sunday, 2 f. m. 610 Stevenson st.,
corner Sixth. :
DR. MAUD INMAN, ELECTRIC THERAPEU-
tic vapor baths; ladies only. 1063 Market st.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM,
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 daily.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
.writer. 118 Hulght St.; hours 9 until 6 c M.
' " • - hypnotism.
I^ervoulTandlien^
; XV of epilepsy, neuralgia, St. Vltus' dance, Insan-
ity, perverted hab'ts of all kinds, stammering,
deafness, and all diseases amenable to suggestion
treated successfully at the Hypnotic and Mesmeric
institute, 6 O'Farrell su
YPNOTIS.M AND VITAL. MAGNETISM
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also ■ how to hypnotize instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here ottered to physicians and students of
science Interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute.
6 O'Farrell st. ■ ■ - . .
| Y8- AT-L AW .
I ADVICE FREE— DIV^K?^LTw^~ir~srPBCrT
f\- aity; private; no chance unless successful- all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deed*, etc at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, «50 Marks*.
N°k A H,. FLOOD, LAWYER, 536 PARKOTT
-Li building; consultations free; moderate fees.
INGORE A MALCOLM, -ATTORNEYS AT
law, room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
DVICFFREB: NO CHARGE UNLESS SU<jT
ceasful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
W•*> • Alt AM. AIT' ". A ''• LA W. 681 PARROTT
' ' . bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
Rf KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW CHROX-"
. icle oldg: advice free: moderate: open evngs.
To LEASE. ~
FOR RENT OK LEASE— SO-V.ARA LOT BE.
X cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent $50 »"r
month. Address J. 8.. 427 hansom* su. s7 F. , *^
1314
HOUSES TO LET.
n 4 Q H AIGHT.9 ROOMsTBjCTHrLTuN^
U"iOdry, cement cellar, etc ...$5O 00
1717 BroOerlck. 8 rooms, bun. 42 60
2612 1 olsom, 12 rooms, bath, laundry, gar-
den 40 00
7-6 shoiwell, 9 rooms, bath 30 00
633 Capp, 8 rooms, buth 25 00
3360 Twenty-firs:, near Guerrero, 7 rooms,
bath 22 50
1014 Treat, 7 rooms, stable SO 00
Fifteenth, near Howard, 6 rooms, bath 2<i 00
929 Natoma, 8 r00m5..... ..'..> 16 1-0
2134 Union, 5 rooms, bath 16 00
1019 Capp. 6 rooms 14 00
1036 Sanchez, 5 rooms, bath 12 50
W. 11. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery St.
<DO C MONTHLY— YOUR RENT WILL PAY
O~Lc) for a nice 5-n>orn cottage; house built to
order, $1500 to $2000; payments $200 to $30U
rash, balance monthly.
E M. LONG, 3207 -J. ; st., corner Mission. Open
evenings after 7:30 o'clock. v- ■ '•..'.-'."
OUSK 6 LARGK ROOMS; YARD: STA-
tionarytubs; bath: all modern improvements
and chicken-yard: rent reasonable. Apply 50«
Shotwell St.. cor. Nineteenth.
/CONVENIENT HOUSE 8 ROOMS: $28: NICE
KJ location. 1319 Webster St., near O'J-arrell.
ti»Ck 4 LARGE SUNNY KUOMS AND YARD.
<jjt/. Apply 2S Chesley, bet. Klghth and Ninth.
OUSK 9 ROOM**. BATH, MNE MARINE
view, $50. 1920 Broadway, near Lagnna.
mo LET— 2-STORY HOUSE. S KOOMa AND
X bath. 1221 Golden Gate aye. ■•,-:; : .
Tj-'OK KENT— HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS. 2302
-T Van Ness aye: modern.
PPER PART OF HOUSE; 4 ROOMS. 211
U Twelfth st.
OUSE 6 ROOMS; BATH; LARGE STABLE;
yard; $16. 913 Fourteenth su .; ■■:.■
A^IA FULTON— HOUSE • ROOMS; RENT
4ZO $10.
1 £>.<)(} TAYLOR-HOUSE 10 ROOMS: BATH;
IOJ.VJ fine view; rent 5 40. Apply 929 Broadway.
COTT. 1106 — HOUSE SIX ROOMS AND
bath : sun all day; rent reduced.
ROOMS, BATH. LAUNDRY AND UNFlN-
(shed basement; front and rear yard for flowers;
on quiet, delightful street: opposite private park;
»32 50. DEMPsTEK, 36 Glen Park aye., Off 12th.
OUSK 5 R' O.MS- FINE Vli-.W AND
healthy; rent $8. 1557 Kearny st., near
Greenwich. ■
1 Qnq SUTTER — SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
IOUw rms.; bath: line garden: rent reasonable.
{•97 FELL, NEAR WEBSTER-HOUSE OF
")— I 4 rooms and stab c: cheap.
99 FLA 10 ROOMS IN excellext or.
--.tiu. der: bath, hot and cold water; sta-
tionary washtubs. Upper part 62 Tehama st., near
Second.
rnn LAUREL AVK., NEAR BUCHANAN:
I \JO 0-room house. $12; water, $1.
ao/| 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
«Js— V.'. $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
VICI.LY FURNISHED HOUSE IX WESTERN
XV Addition ; 9 rooms. Apply 524 Sans ome st.
p\HKAP ELEGANT RKSIDKNCE; SW. COR.
\J California and Laguna sis. Go see it.
OUSKt? TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. -
■;■;■■- FUKXISHED HOUSES.
\\ ILL SELL SEPARATELY NEW FUKNI-
' • ture and carpet cf 6-room flat at great sacri-
fice. 830 Page st.
QA DEARBORN. NR. SEVENTEENTH AND
OU Valencia— Furnished house: 6 rooms ana
bath: piano: rent $-0 ■■ •-■■- ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO^E^^?KXF~M?Nr?Y^COTTAGE
•Jll. for small family. 18 Johnston aye., near
Geary st. ', --.
an ARMY ST., NR. POTRKRO AYE.— 6
fiPO. rooms and stable. NICOL, 634 Califor-
nia st.
QNUG COTTAGE 4 ROOMs; BATH: LARGK
0 yard. 1114 Hampshire St., bet. Twcmy-tlnr.l
aid Twenty-fourth.
OT7 NEWLY RENOVATED COTTAGE: 6
O x I . rooms; bath. 1705 Kills St.. nr. stelner.
1 C V O TCRK— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO
i O— — 3-room rear cottage: large stable.
0:1 9 -l\ 5 ROilMs, BATH; LOT 51x114.
tlTl^-.OU. 122 Hill, bet. Church and Sanchez.
C|lA £A COTTAGK IN TOWN: 3 TAY ST.,
-LU. %J\J . off Clay, bet. Powell ana Mason.
COTTAGE — 4-ROOM COTTAGE: GAS AND
VJ bath; $16; line view. 123 Liberty st,
SUNN V COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS. BATH,
1 basement, stable. Aikea aye., off 15th su, nr.
Dolores. V ' v -.
( )'< i )A. MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
— O«i«T: rooms and bath; yard: flower garden -.slB.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES OX
XX Geary. Sutter. Frank 'in and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st. ■ •
FLATS TO LET. ~
O^TTpi^^^ND^STEISrER, NX ■
per 7 rooms, batn, sanitary, etc. $35 00
3132 Washington, 7 rooms, bath 32 60
JO-5 Valencia, 6 rooms, bath 23 60
2518 Mission St.. 6 rooms, bath 22 60
1 7 Hermann, 5 rooms, bath 20 00
68 Tehama, 6 rooms 18 00
J--4 Filbert, 6 rooms, bath. , , 18 00
207 second, 7 rooms 18 00
6 - 26 Filbert, 6 rooms 16 00
t;0 Rondeil. 6 rooms, bath 16 00
1211 Guerrero, b rooms, bath ; 16 00
421 Mississippi, 5 rooms, batb, $15; 4
rooms and bath 14 00
31 M i- Lea court, 4 rooms, bath 14 0U
116 Dorland, 5 rooms 14 00
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
\T«W .-UNNY 6-ROOM FLAT, $25: 5-ROOM
-i-> flat, $18. 928 I iue at,, usp. Bella Vista.
Kicht-room sunny fiat, $40; 7-room flat, $3. >.
726 Powell St., opp. Stanford's. BOVKE, TOY &
SOXXTAG. . -. .
I AND 6 ROOM UPPER AND LOWER FLATS:
nt 723-27 and 81 Bryant st., near Fourth; rent
$13 and 815. Apply MADISON <fe BURKE.
(2» 1 I! AXD UP; ELEGANT FLATS (WEB-
•JplUster St.): offer waned. See SPECK &
CO., 609 Market su
TVTKW UPPER FLAT: NORTH SIDE; SIX
.ii rooms and ba-.h; all sunny; garden and yard.
1022 Thirteenth St.: Ha!;ht-st. cars at Scott.
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT, OK
cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to leu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
IJARECtIANCK tOR A FINE FLAT; CHEAP:
It $15. $18, $20, $'.'5 and $35; 4 to 8 rooms: por-
celain bath. Apply 112 Scott St., near Haignt. ■
~VJ EW MODERN SUXNY FLAT. BE. COR.
i-> Twenty-fifth and Folsom sts.
Ci» I p. S~nTceToOMS AND BATH; YARD.
<© 1 O. 2tß .Shotwell st.
* PPRECIATrJ> 11-' SEEN; CHOICE SUNNY
I\~ corner: 6 big rooms; bath; $20; water free.
1722 Howard si., ntar Thirteenth.
UNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS; MODERN IM-
provemeuts; rent $18.- 1016 Sanchez si., near
Tweuiy-tnird.
Ji.'J^ TWENTY-FIFTH, BET. SANCHEZ
I\JOO and Noe— s sunny rooms; bath; $14;
fine garden.
C-]U FINE MODERN FIAT; 5 ROOMS;
«yi-U. stable. 13a Fair Oak, nr. Twenty-third.
o*l I FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS AND
IX. yard. 4a sbotwell st., nr. Fourteenth.
*u-l ' .NEW SUNNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS,
<JTXO. bath; worth looking at, 1226 Union su
1 OWER SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS:
XJ bath; laundry; low rent. 180J O'Fai'reli St.
l/< LAT; 4- SUN NY ' ROOMS; BATH; YARD.
X 545 Elizabeth, corner Castro. ;■ ■■:.<■;
Qr.^U TWENTY-SECOND ST., NEAR DO-
OOOU lores; 5 nice sunny rooms and bath; rent
cheap; 12 50.
7QJ FOLSOM ST.; NICE FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
1 O"l and bath. S18; 788, 4 rooms and bath, $16.
t»97 CLEMENTINA ST.: COZY FLATS OF 4
O£t \ rooms; reduced to $12.
fl> Q 5 ROOMS: 12 WEST MISSION ST.
<jpO. NICOL. 534 Vi California st.
«_»1 MISSION', NEAR ELEVENTH^?
O'i large sunny papered rooms; bath:
laundry.
I 1 7 OAK-UPPER FLAT; 6 BOOMS AND
til. I bath; rent reduced.
PPEK FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
papered nicely; sun all day. 410 Thir-
teenth et. .
O--\ A UPPER FLAT; 4 KOOMS. HALL AND
tiJPxV/. double parlers: reference. 1606%
Stevenson st., nr. Eighteenth .;....
SUNNY FLAT, 6 KOOMt<, BATH. YARD AND
cellar. Key at 317 Fell st. .
UNNY 3-itOoM FLAT: TilE MAYBELLK,
cor. Van Ness aye. and Grove st. _^^^
EZkGANT FLAT; 7 ROOMS; IX PERFECT
order; moderate rent. 827 Howard, nr. Fourth.
1. AV-WIXDuW FLAT; 3 ROOMS. 28 KITCH
XJ st., near Third and 1- olsom.
•J AND 4 ROOMS; SUNNY FLATs; BATE:
_ garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Foi» St. '
■L/LAT, 6 ROOMS: SUN ALi7d"aY; MODERN.
£ Van Ness and Vallejo. _^^
FLAT.-.: 3 AND 4 ROOMS: LARGE YARD
and stable. Apply 2 Hay ward st., near Eighth,
SUNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS, YARD, BASE-
ment; rent $16. ■- 21 Twelfth st. -
O£Q A\A LOWER FLAT, 3 ROOMS: LARGE
t®O.O\J. yard; cellar. 1008 Natoma St., near
.Eleventh, rear. . ;
CO NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, BKT.
O£t Eleventh and Twelfth— sunny upper flat, 4
rooms: gas; oath. .
©OA 14^5 SACRAMENTO. NEAR HYDK—
<J>— U. Flat, 5 sunny rooms and bath. :
UNN > MODERN 6-ROOM CORNER FLAT:
enclosed porch; marine view. 1106 Green.
LAT, 4 OK 6 KOOMS, BATH: CHEAP." 1613
r Taylor St.. bet. Pacific and Broadway.
yKENCU FLAT, 4 ROOMS: BATH: WASH-
X house aud stationary tubs. 3941 Guerrero st.
3ROOMS; BATH; NEWLY PAPERED;
'Mission warm belt. 3613 21st., nr. Valencia.
TTtBKNCH FLAT, 7 ROOMS; B-VTHaNDSTA-
X tiouary washtubs; newly tinted; suitable for
doctor. . Cor. Twenty-third aud Guerrero. ■
FLATS TO LETT-Contlmiecl. -i :^ ■;
TT?rn?RTMTlvT7Tmsu!tf>Cß'A^^^
U tub, tiled sink; door opener, electric bells, etc.,
overlorking private park, 920: lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, large yard for flowers, ' $25; all In
perfect condition: on Twelfth st. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye. ■,
MICE SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH:
xi rent cheap. 26a Lloyd «., bet. Scott ana De-
visadero, Thirteenth ana Waller.
T/'RENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS; BATH AND HTA-
X? tlonary vraslitubs. Twenty-third and Guerrero-
79ft MCALLISTER— SUNNY UPPER FLAT;
• ■'-'J 7 rooms, laundry and bath: rent reduced.
a SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH: SECOND
i floor: clean; delightful private street, $15.
DKMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth.
QUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
cheap to small, quiet family. 828 Harrison st.
7 UPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER.
• • 1111 Elm nve.. bet. Scott and Pierce s'.s.
7 /k SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS. 720
\.O\J. Willow aye., off Buchanan St., bet.
Ellis and Eddy.
91 O SEVENTH, NR. HOWARD— UPPER
«£ 1 O flat, 4 room* and bath.
NICK SUNNY KOOMS. 580 GREENWICH
st., near Stockton.
"I 1 El GUERRERO, COR. TWENTY- FOURTH
1 i Ox— 4 sunny flats; 4to 7 rooms; $12 to $20.
COflA TURK. BKAK-MN.N V, UPPER
O£l\J flat; all light looms; rent % 12. ..
1 OWKK SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANK PLACE,
XJ oil Pine st., near Mason; no car fare; 812.
UXNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS; $9. 319 DORK ST.,
near Bryant.
ANTED-200 GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market St.
UNNY FLAT 6 BOOMS, BATH: RKABON-
able. 8 Dearborn st.,off Seventeenth, above Va-
lencia. ■
TUATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10
■Montgomery St.
1 Q9QI SACRAMENTO— FLAT 5 ROOMS;
xO£o-i gas: batb; rent, $16.
T OVKIV, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
XJ 6 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third su. 100 feet from Castro;
bey 4076 till further notice.
Tj-'EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
X 5 and 6 rooms: 22 and $30. 14 Grove st.
Q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
0 911. $10 and $9. 2041 Hams n. oi»p. 18th.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Capp Street.
on CAPP— 2 SUNNY ROOMS; NICE KITCH-
—\' en and small bedroom; furnished complete
for housekeeping.
City Hall Avenue.
7 crrr HALL aye.— neat FURNISHED
• room In private family to lady: can arrange for
light housekeeping: located near J. J. O'Brien's
store: north of Market st.
Dare Street.
OOC DORE— 3 FURNISHED HOUBEKEEP-
ZiZo ing; rent $11.
OAQ DORK — 4 LARGE SUNNY UNFUR-
O'±O Dished rooms; $10. . "- 1 .
Eddy Street.
71 Q EDDY — 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
1 x V rooms: also singe, $6 per month.
Ql C EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OK FUR-
OXO nisbed' rooms; fine location; private fam-
ily; gas range; reference.
Eighth Street.
1 fIQ EIGHTH— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM
x\JO for light housekeeping. ..-_ l>
Ellis Street.
n (\O ELLIS— SUNNY FLAT OF 3 OR 6 ROOMS
1 VU with batb; furnished or unfurnished; suit-
able for housekeeping.
. in Street.
Q-l A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BED-
OJ.T room ana kitchen: bath; yard; private; $11.
first Street.
OOQ FIRST ST., NR. HARRISON (RINCON
..•-* —»> Hill)— 4 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing: newly papered and cleaned; gas. water, etc.
with American family; rant reasonable.
I oltom Street.
ror FOLSOM-LARGE SUNNYFURNISHED
O~*O room; light housekeeping; $1 75 per week.
Fulton Street.
11 d FULTON— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
111) complete for housekeeping: large yard.
v»«.«»ry • t roo..
• I Q GEARY — ENTIRELY RENOVATED;
ii V furnished or unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. ' .
>.n<len (.me .niiiuo.
ICIA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR-
i-0 1 \J nUhed alcove; sunny housekeeping; $10.
Haight Street.
99A AI G H T— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
£U.\J rooms complete for housekeeping. -.- ■?
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET. OFF HOWARD. NR. SIXTH— 2
rooms, furnished for housekeeping: $7.
Howard Street.
7A ? HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
I "■*-; nished housekeeping room: reasonable.
I AO\ HOWARD— 2 OR 3 SUNNY FUR-
XttD-L nisbed housekeeping rooms.
Hyde Street.
1 nnn 1 hyde, COR. PINE— 3 unfurvish-
lvuU^ ed rooms for housekeeping; $12 60.
tietsie street.
Oar. JESSIE, NR. FIFTH— THREE ROOMS
OxJO complete for housekeeping.
i.arkin Street.
71 (* LARKIN— SUITE OF SUNNY FRONT
IIU housekeeping rooms; $12.
-191 *) A PARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
J. — I £• sunny rooms: housekeeping if desired.
l.cavnuviir.h street.-
C I ' LEaVENWORTH — 2 NEWLY FUR-
''X') nished rooms for housekeeping: also lower
floor. •.•*.. -v.-.;
Lewis Street.
i O LEWIS, OFF Taylor, nr. post— 3 OR 4
-I O unfurnished sunny rooms: $11.
Maiket Street.
"1 AQO MARKET— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
J.UO— housekeeping rooms, $2 week or $7
month: in rear. . ,■•-■.-
Mason Street.
-I AO MASON— PA RLuR FLOOR OF 3 NICELY
X\J~ furnished rooms.
J.lxliii Mreo.,
"ICC MINNA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
1 OO housekeeping. • •
Owl MINNA, COR. FOURTH— HOU-KKKI-.P-
Z<UX ing, very cheap; front double and single.
QOI MISSION— SUNNY FURNISHED AND
O£>x unfurnished housekeeping roams: $6 up.
O£»Q MISSION— ARGE SINGLK SUNNY
OKJtJ room: complete; light housekeeping: $8.
L\A r 7 MISSION -HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
0 x I complete: also other rooms.
QCl> MISSION— 2 FR -NT ROOMS: H'R-
-000 nlshed for housekeeping: private family;
$12.
1 fV^^ MISSION— CHEAPEST. CLEANEST
X\JOO housekeeping and other rooms: $6 up.
Natoma Street.
NATOMA— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
\)V furnished housekeeping; yard; range; $8.
" *-»■»■ :>rr«-ll Mre«;.
Acy\ O'FARRELL— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
ttOl nished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
Folk street.
"I /IAOI POLK — NKWLY FURNISHED
J.1U03 sunny front suite;' light housekeeping;
neat couple.
Haunch Street. "
00 RAUSCH.COR. FOLSOM, BET. SEVENTH
00 and Eighth— Large front room and kitchen:
furnished for housekeeping; $10.
Scott Street.
1I O SCOTT-2 SUNNY KOOMS, PARTLY
XX»J furnlshea. for housekeeping.
. sink > reec.
L'RONT SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
I complete; reasonable. 244 Sixth sU
Ql 4 SIXTH— LARGE FRONT BACK PAR-
ox~x lors complete housekeeping; single rooms
cheap.
Stevenson Street.
4AO STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH - HOUBE-
rxxJO keeping rooms to let.
'lay lor .street.
110 TA Y - 2 SUNNY. NICELY FUR-
-1 X\r nished housekeeping rooms, $12; also sunny
rooms.
1 ehaina Street.
Oqq TEHAMA -FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
000 housekeeping. :
44ft TEHAMA -LARGE SUNNY FRONT
mv room-, kitchen; housegpg; well furnished.
ilurrt Street.
IAQ THIRD-SUNNY HOUSEKEKPINO
X~XO rooms complete ;fiont: first floor: bath :g as..
Twenty-sixth. Street. i>
qq£7 TWKNTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION-
»j*j\j 1 Furnished " sunny Housekeeping suites-
yard ; $8 and $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.'
\ .in .>•<*■ Avenue.
9Q9 VAN NESS NEWLY FUR-
<Loli nlshed, sunny suites, from 2 to 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
71/1 VAN NKiSS— SUNNY FRONT SUITE
I J.V complete for housekeeping; 918. .;. . -c
W'Hijhlnjjton Mreev.
rn9 WASHING TON — SUNNY UNFUR-
*)\J+j msbed housekeeping rooms; running water,
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE
ly furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY, ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
£.£d'l renting agency; no fee lor registering.
ROOMS TO LET.
Bryant Street.
lini BRYANT-FLAT OF 6 FURNISHED
liul rooms, complete for honsekpg; cheap.
Capp Street.
-I n CAPP ST., BET. FIFTEENTH AND SIX-
-10 teentn— large .-unny rooms: rent $11.
. «i<tv Ntreec.
m EDDY— NEAT SUNNY SINGLE AND
110 double room for gentlemen; $6 to $10.
/»nO EDDY— SUNNY WELL FURNISHED
QUO room; grate; suitable tor 1 or 2.
/♦no EDDY — LARGE REAR BASEMENT
UISG room; good elevation; sun all day; garden;
reasonable. • '
/•I A EDDY, NR. LARKIN— FRONT SUNN*
011 bay-window room: newly furnished; ciuaet,
bath, gas; rent reasonable.
* -Htltll Ml'«*>.
SH3SRMAJT APABTMKNT HOTTHS, 2J» BTH
0 su, pear Market; furnished and unfurnished.
i^Aiis street.
THK HAMONA. 130 KLLIS; MM. KATR 4.
HART, manager— A quiet house: r«ntr»lly lo-
cated ; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cold wa'-cr.
t)(\A ELLIS (THE CLIFFORD) — NICELY
&\J'i. furnished sunny rooms.
q9| ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O^i X lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
i'lfth street.
1 fIQ FIFTH — SINOLfT AND DOUBLE
1 VV .'rooms, 91 50 to 93 per week.
qi A FIFTH— L A*R G E SUNNY SINGLE
Ol t: furnished room; $1 a week; closet; bath;
private.
I'olsom Street.
1 CAQ FOLSOM— FURNISHED ROOM; PRI-
-1 Olio vate family: suitable for 2.
Fourth ti'Bi't.
9991 FOURTH— SUNNY CORNER ROOMS;
£>£.£*<£ nicely furnished; price moderate.
OQJ FOURTH^SUNNY~FRONT PLEASANT
_— rooms: gas: bath; from 96 to $10 month.
99c FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FROM
--<J 91 a week up.
lean- St 1 eet.
9"! 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY P.00M3 IN REAR;
£JtX I cottage; key premises.
4 1 Q GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
rrXO lors: suites or alpgle: entirely renovated.
79"! GKARY-PLKASA.NT SUNNY ROOMS;
I ~X nicely furnished: terms reasonable.
Uoiueu l,ate .\\t nut*.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PLEASANT
-1" sunny single and double rooms, $5 up.
COX GOLDKN OATr.— SUNNY ROOMS: ALL
04.Q conveniences: reasouable rates-
drove street.
Aft*? l GROVE-2 U.XFUP.NISHED BUNNY
a.V/^2 front rooms; bath; cheap. -■.....■.-• *
uvwuru >«».,
IC\A HOWARD. COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
* V/Ti nished front rooms and housekeeping rooms,
99 HOWARD — DOUBLE SUNNY par-
——' lore, furnished light housekeeping; suitable
for doctor or dentist: others.
QOO HOWARD— UOUBLK FRONT ROOM
000 and kitchen furnished for housekeeping; do
Objection to children: also other rooms.
l^O-ll HOWARD. SIl. TENTH— I NICELY
XtjJi~X4. furnished room for 2: private family.
Hyde Street.
6 HYDE— FRONT SUNNY SUITE; NEWLY
furnished; reasonable.
qq9 HYDE, NEAR ELLIS— GERMAN LADY
OO— has sunny single front room; reasonable.
O oiies Street.
907 .*"Nrs — THK ax winrKf.r.-. SKW
■— « I maDacement: elegant sunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished: bath. etc: 810 to SHU.
• «. mv struct;.
9q KEARNY-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS:
*-» J terms reasonable: quiet house.
O(\ KEARNY— FURNISHED ROOMS, PAR-
O\J ticularly suitable for gentlemen ; electric
lights. ■■•-.; -.■'■■,::
\ «LINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARKV —
s\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first'
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
l-iti kin Mreoi.
Ol Ql LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
UJ.t/2 front par.or, 92 50 week; single front
room, $1 76 week: light housekeeping privileges.
Linden 1 venue.
9q^ LINDEN AVENUE, NEAR OOUGn— 3
—«J 1 nice sunny rooms; planked yard; water-
rent cheap.
a.fcilt.. «Ueo..
YOBEMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PRR
-I night. 36c to 91 : week. $1 50 to *5: families.
Slason Street.
99q MASON— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
Z.-.O $8 up.
QO^ MASON, NEAR GEARY— ELEGANT
»J—U sunny suites; bath; 920 to $25.
BlcAilister street.
99f»A MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL—
— —U Sunny furnished rooms, 98 and 910- pri-
vate. '
Minna Street.
G(\>7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nlghed bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
-Naioiii;t Street.
C)A NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS; $1
jZ'IO $1 25, $1 50 per week. '
X NATOMA— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
000 room: $8 and $10 month: call afternoons.
(*-\ 11 NAT OM A — FURNISHED FRONT
Uxxg room: 6.
790 natoma ST.— newly furnished
I^.o/ rooms for gentlemen ; cheap.
Perry Street.
9CC PERRY— TO LET, 3 NICE SUNNY
£*OO rooms; rent $9. . v.
ioik Street.
991 POLK— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
_— I for 1 or i gentlemen or man and wife; all
conveniences.
Post Street.
71 Q POST-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS:
I 1 O en suite or single; private bath: $6 to 9-20.
111 X POST-1 OK 2 WELL- FURNISHED
XX I *J sunny rooms in private family; bath and
running water. <
Powell Street.
91 9-214 -POWELL (WILLISFORD)-KN-
l^' tirely renovated throughout: newly fur-
nlibed rooms: en suite or single; terms reasonable.
99 Fy POWKLL, ("JR. UKARY— SUNNY ROOM
4"i*O newly for.. $8: also large sunny.cor. room.
Prospect Place.
91 C PROSPECT PLACE. BET. POWELL
*J LO and Stockton, Pine and California sts.—
Nice, sunny, furnished rooms to let.
seventh Street.
1 An SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
X~X£J housekeeping; also single rooms.
Sixteenth Street.
°QO9 SIXTEENTH, CORNER HOWARD—
—tJ v/ij Large sunny front room; furnished: 91 50
a week. . .-...■
Sonth Park. :
9 SOUTH PARK-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
*/. room; also other rooms; private; quiet.
Stockton Street.
EUROPEAN (THK), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nlshed suites, $4 to $10;;sincle rooms. $1 60 to
$3 week; oOc to 92 night; hot and cold running
water in every room: baths; e.evator: transient.
VTKW PYRXEK HOUSK. 1314 STOCKTON—
Xi Front suites; single rooms; housekping;cheap.
J • thtier ••-.reet..
OnQ SUTTKR— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO »l 25 to 910 wk; night 2tc to $1 60: transl.
', fjq SUTTER. COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I \JO newly furnished sonny rms.; suite or single.
m SUTTER— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
flow suite: hot and cold water and bath. . ■
■««»> .or Mreoi.
1 nn TAYLOH— NY DOUBLE ROOMS, 92
X \JO and 82 60 per week; single $1 50.
Cl f* TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED NUN-
OX\J ny single ana double rooms: private family.
(*-[ 9TA\LuK— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
"1« also suite: rent reaaonab.e. • •■■-
Tenth Street.
1 9E TENTH-LARGE ' WKLL FURNISHED
XjLO room; closet'; gas; bath; $7.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
"third Mice.
qi 7 THIRD-LARGE SUNNY CLEAN BM&;
"- 11 double or single; day, week or month.
'lurk street.
If\ TURK— SUNNY DOUBLE FRONT
X\J room; use of parlor and piano: $8.
1 9^* TURK-SUNNY FURNISH '. ROOM:
X**\J suitable for a gentleman: $5 per month.
Twelfth Street.
3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS: UNFURNISHED.
122 Twelfth st., bet. Mission and Howard sts.
qi p. TWELFTH— FURNISHED ROOMS;
*JXU reasonable.
Twenty-first Street.
q9"I 7 TWENTY-FIRST, NEAR MISSION— 4
O*-iX I rooms; rent $12; water free. . .
Sliscellaneoua.
T?LEGANTLY FURNISHED FRONT ROOM,
XJ suitable gentleman and wife.or single lady; light
housekeeping privileges; reasonable; references.
H. L.. box 1-J3. Call.
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
OQI A CLA,Y, NEAR DEVISADERO- BOARD
£»\JX\J and sunny «oom in private family; $26
for 1, 945 for 2: quiet family of 2.
5()O ELLIs _ ENTIRELY RENOVATED
000 throughout: newly furnished sunny rooms;
suites ana single; board optional; moderate rates.
71 9 POST— SUNNY ROOM: USE OF PAR-
11^. lor; for 2 young men; with board; $20 each.
794 POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
• ***■ parlor suite: high-grade accommodations;
also large sunny room suitable for 2; first-class
table. ...
fiLOOR; 3 BUNNY- BAY-WINDOW ROOMS:
x bath: furnished complete for housekeeping.
937 Bhotwell st. . ■
707 ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I «J I rooms, suite or single; board optional.
1 CALIFORNIA P. EASANT NEWLY
1 O£j\j furnished parlors and other rooms; board
optional.
Ol Q GOLDEN GATE AVK.— SUNNY FRONT
OXkj and single room; board; references.
49 A EDDY— SUNNY. NEWLY FUR-
nished rooms: house first class In every re-
-1 spect; table unsurpassed; terms reasonable.
O'll-.L BKKTLIAy, 714 x.UaH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; adiuiou-
cm cnnvenlini-Mv
CHILDREN ItOAKIIKD.
T3ESPECTABLE LADY WISHES CHILDREN
XV to board or an infant to raise on the bottle:
mother's care given. Apply 208 Golden Gate aye,
ri.NK COUNTRY HOME FOR A CHILD: $7
x per month. Address A. B. box 99, Call office,
Oakland.
\l -ANTED— 1 OR 2 BOYS TO TAKE CARE OF
»» teams: reasonable; good home; no other
children. Call at 119*6 Langton st.
WIDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
»' (1 to 6 years) to board. 809 Baker st.
\\r ANTED— I CHILD TO TAKE CARE OF;
'' mother's CHre. 700 Eddy st.
STORES TO LET.
qn97 SACRAMENTO ST., NR. BAKER;
O\J£J I suitable for drugstore: will put In shape:
rent 830. Apply MADISON A BURKE.
9f)O FOLSOM ST.— STORE AND 2 ROOMS:
O\J\J also flat of 4 rooms overhead; rented separ-
ate if desired: rent reasonable. Apply BURN-
HAM A MARSH, 628 Market St.
GOOD LOCATION FOR barber-shop.
r App.y 9 Geary -st., room 16. -;.- 4
STOKE AND 4 LIVING-ROOMS. 3114 FILL-
-0 more st.
IT 1 OR SMALL BAKKRY, GROCERY OR
J butcher-shop; will build to milt, rent or sell; $50
cash, $20 per month: near Ineleslde. THE Mo-
t'ARTH V CO.. 646 Market st.
STORE; GUERREKO AND TWENTY-THIRD
_ sts.: concrete cellar; built for druggist: bcstln
Mission for drugstore.
TORE: VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
sts.: choice location ; adapted for shoe or dry-
Koods store.
STORK— FINE CORNER: 3 LARGE ROOMS
O and basement. Duncan and Guerrero sts.
STORE TO LET, ALSO I.AhGK BASEMENT;
at 867 Market st Inquire within.
STORK, WITH 3 ROOMS, '.MS. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster sU; choice location for
drugs: ore.
OFFICES TO LET.
/CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOKfTTETaND
V/ L. and O. building— Sunny offices: ll?ht, water,
heat and janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
VINE OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; SUITA-
x for any business.
PKKUKULS BUILDJNt*. 927 MARKKT-
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 np; electi.c-ll?ht;
beating and janitor service free. Apply nt buildlni
nr«i. H. I'.'IBSKX & CO.. 14 Montgomery it.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TuiihrSAl~-T~' 1% ~^~>^~
X Prices stand tUI goods an completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ......,, 91«51
Bed lounges , #>#> B*J3
Stoves t 75'j
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard 63
Matting, per yard . \ li)
111 our new building Is erected these' prices wilt
eland. Till such time we are conducting buslnesi
at SK. corner beventu and Mission slo. 1
NOON AX
AC\[\ CARPKTS; CHAMBER SETS. $14:
TV/I/ stoves, $5: parlor gets. $20: folding-beds.
$10: bar outlits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOtt
lowest prices on household C"Ods. ue* or
tr new: ra«n or tlT»» <in°n •v»n'->--«
CARPET CLEANING.
3c a yard AT GKKAT WXBvitBJS GABPJtT
O Cleaning Works. 11 Kigbth st.
ONES <Si CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Klfihth St.; teL Jessie 1001. -
AKPKT CLEANING, 3c: LAYING. Be.-. KUU
samples free; tel. Jessie 944. stratum. 19 Bthst.
HKN YOU BECOME DISQUMTKI* WITH
»» poor wort: send to SPAULDIXGI'S Pioneer Car
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama hL : tel. So. -li)
1 IuAKU.N'SCAIII'KI' i;kATIAU WUKJi* ojj
\J Golden Gat* aye. : telephone east 126.
: / UTY STKAiICARPKTCLEANIXG.RKNOVA
\J line. 3a Bth. Mh.VKNS.nnjr. XeL .Mouth 25J.
TvarpkTs cleaned AND kknovatklT
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: tat.
fcooin 3tf. p. mackintosh &co m gnccesson.
"1 K. MITCHELL CAKr-ET CLEAN INU*:o.. :1J
'I . 34th m. - «-|i-aning Ac a rani. T'r-1 Mission H.
STORAGE.
OTO RAG X— C E A PEStTn'tHE CITY ; FIRE-
j O proot building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
TTI URN [TURK. PIANOS" TRUNKS; AD-
X vances. shinning. ('HAS. L. T \ YL0K.204 l>o^^
LATESISIiIPI»INti IM'KLLIIiii.U'B,.
>li.v.-in.-iits of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 12-Stmr Umbrla,
from Queeusiown and Liverpool; stmr LaTou.
rame, trom Havre, Obdam and Rotterdam.
>alled Sept 12— -irur La Noimandie, for Havre;
stmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Veendam. for
Rotterdam : stmr Aachen, for Bremen: stmr Pala-
tin, for Hamburg: stmr Kaiser Wllhelm 11. for
Naples and Genoa: stmr Russia, for Genoa: simr
Anchorla, tor Glasgow; stmr Island, for Stettin ,
GENOA— Airivej out Sept -.;,r Kml
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Fulda, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTOX-Salled Sept 12-atmr St.
Louis, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr La GascOgne,
for New York. ,
MAHUIAUE LICENSES.
The- following marriage licenses were Issue) t>-/
the County Clerk's office yesterday;
C. W. Wadleigd and Annie M. Hacker, 37-.21.
Max Grimm and Kffie Watkins, 27—
J. Mltchlnson and Kmma Xv Mini. 31—21.
F. J. .-plume and Nellie C. Lansdon, VB— 23.
- 'J. Hayes and Nano Morris.sey. 35-30.
W. H. T. Kin?, nnd Wanda Llntner. 22—20.
THE X>IVOKCE KECOitl).
Comnlatnts filed: ' ■ • • ■
Jesse Hughes agnlnst Annie Hughes.
William M. Hri.ico against Margaret J. Brisco.
Manam L. Friedman against Manuel Friedman.
Divorce granted:
Jennie B. Pruna from ' Luciano Pruna, for fail-
nre to provide; hr Judge Sanderson.
Lin 1 HA — JiAIHMAiiEvS — i>H.A i ii^
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by m\U
will not be In-erted. They mus- be handed In a;
either of the publication offices and belndors«i:
with the name and residence of penoni authoriz«i ■
to nave the same published. J'
BORN.
BRUNINGS-In this city. August 28. 1896, to the
wi of John H. Brunirigs. a daughter.
COLSTEIX— in this cltr, September 8. 1896. to
fie wife of James H. Colstein, a son.
EISFKLDER- It, Sto-kton. September 9. 1898,
to the wife or K. M. Klsfelder. a son.
EKUARDT-In this city, September 10, 1896, to
the wife of Anton Ekhardt. a daughter. ■
HUFFAM-in this city, September 5, 1896, to the
wife of Walter Huffam.a son. '
McGAFFir,AN-In this city. September 10. 1896,
to the wife of Michael McGaffi .'an, a daughter.
O'CONNKR-In this city, September 13, 1893, to
til-* wife of Daniel O'Conner, a daughter.
RUFFNKR-in this city. September 9. 1896, to
.the wife of Clarence Ruffner. a daughter.
SMITH— in this city, August 24, 1896. to the wife
of J. c. Smith, a daughter.
TOMPKINS-ln this city, September 11. 1896,
to ma wife of Horace Tompklns, a daughter.
WEINBEKG-in : this " city. September ' 7, 1896,
10 mo wife of Gustaf Welnberg. a son. ■»
WHITTIER_in this city. September 12, 1896,
to the wife of Alonzo Wblttler, a son. ■ ■ ■
MARRIED. . '
BIGGY— McDONOUGH— In this city, September
7, 1896. ' by the Rev. J. F. McGinty, William :J.
Blgxy and Lucy McDonongh.
FKAIIER— MacaDAM— In this city," September
9. 18&6, by the Rev. Father 'Brennan, Philip E.
Fnther and Maggie F. MacAdam, both of San
Francisco.
HA USER— EHLERT— In Alameda, September
11. 18')3, by the Rev. H. E. J. Ongerth, conrad
.: H>>aserof san Francisco and Hedwig Ehlert of
• Alnmcda. • ; -. -
~\ r>iEi>. ~"^
Barry. Edward J. : Johnstone, Minnie -"
Benson, Martin C. • Mcllale, Patrick
Burt, Mary , Merchant. S. D.
, : Byrne, John : . . Parker, Charles H.
Dean, Frank M. . Schwarzmann, Max
Delee. James M. , Spaidin*, Lydia A.
Whitman. Henry
BARRY— In this city, September 11. 1893, Ed-
ward J., beloved son of William and Fanny
Bnrry, and brother of John J., Thomas A., Mich-
ard L. and Letlie Barry, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 9 months and ■1 3 days. - ■■'
»3-The funeral will take nlace THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents. 21 Ransch street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mast will be celebrated tor the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock a. m. ' Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. : »
BENSON— In this city, September 12, 1398. Mar-
tin C. Benson, beloved husband of Severlne Ben-
son, father of Rudolph and Mabel Benson, and
brother of Relnert Benson, a native of Norway,
agi 1 29 years.
BURT— In this city, September 12, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of W. J. Burt, a native of Ireland,
»ge<l 64 years.
•S*Friends and acquaintances are > respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. v.. from her late
residence, 2817 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
BYRNE— In this city. September 10, 1896. John
Byrne, a native of Ardee, County Loath, Ire-
land, aged 61 years.
ay Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from the par-
lors of Carew <t English, 19 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ... . r
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY OF ST. IGNATIUS
College— are requested to attend the funeral
of oar late brotner member. John Byrne,
as per above notice. The '-chapel Office" will be
recited tor the repose of his soul on Tuesday
next, at 8 o'clock p. 11. Relatives and friends
are Invited to be present. By order of
JAMES R. KKLLY, Prefect.
Chablrs A. McAcmff, Secretary.
DEAN — in this city, September 12. 1896, Frank
M. Dean, beloved husband of . Eugenia Dean,
father of Charles W. Dean, and son-in-law of
.Mrs. Louise C. Ball, a native of Manchester,
England. a?e<i 60 years 9 months and 27 days.
DELEE— In this city, September 12, 1896, James
M. Del*?, beloved and oldest son of the late
Richard Delee and Elizabeth Lee. end brother of
Edward, Katie, Char and Maggie Delee and
William Lee, a native of *an Francisco, aged 28
years 11 months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his mother, 476 Eighth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, corner Tenth and Howard
streets, for services commencing at 1:30 o'clock
p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSTONE— In Chicago. 111.. September 11,
1896, Minnie, beloved wife of Frederick Joun-
one. formerly of San Francisco.
McHALE— In this city, September 11, 1898. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Ennls McHale,
and rather of Eddie and Tom McHale, a native
of the parish of Bax, County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 33 years. [Anaco.ida (Mont.) Standard
p ease copy, j
49"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence. 34 Clementina street, thence to St.
Brendan's Cnurcli, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MERCHANT— In this city, September 10. 1896,
S. D Merchant, a native of Albany. X. Y.
PARKER— In this city. September 11, 1898.
Charles H. Parker, a native or Vermont, aged
76 years.
Funeral services THIS DAY (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock a. M., at his late residence, north-
west corner Broad way and Taylor street. Inter-
ment private.
SCHWARZMANN— In this city. September 11.
1896, Max Schwarzmann, beloved son Chris-
tine and the late G. Schwarzmann, and hro her
of Gustav ->chwarzniann, a native of New York,
age-i 38 years 2 months and lb days. '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of 111s mother, 123 Colliugwood street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Interment I. O.
O. T. Cemetery.
SPALDING— in this city. September 12, 1896,
Lvdla A. spaldin;, a native of New York.
49~The funeral , services will take place
TO-MORROW (Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., at
her late residence, the Bella Vista Hotel.
WHITMAN— In this city, entered Into rest, Sep-
tember 10. 1896. Henry Whitman, beloved hus-
band of Margaret Whitman, a native of New
York, aped M years.
$S" Friends and acquaintances and officers and
members of Burns i.o ige No. 68, A. O. U. W.,
are respectfully invited to attend the ruoeral
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from
his late residence, s<!B Chestnut street, inter-
ment cvpres-i Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAT.MKRs
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
Telephone 8080.
Jam. McJlrnomev, i;has. McMkxomky.
JAMES McMESOMKY & SON
UW>JKRTAKKBB AND EMBALJIEKS.
1057 MigMion Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER-4
FUXEItAL DIKECTOKS,
1 IP Van Ness aye., near Market si., o«iu Francisco
Telephone so. 150. USSgg
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CEMK-
ti'ry to the city; non-sectarian; In no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. OtHce UV7 Mark**
streeu touitiHHSt corner ot six:u.
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
In the case of Albert Meyer vs. The City of San
Diego to test the legality of the water bonds voted
June 27 to the amount of $1,500,000 a complaint
In Intervention lias b»en filed by leading prop
erty-owners of the city asking that A. E. Nutt,
the newly chosen Alderman, and George U. Gold
man, the City Clerk, be made defendants In the
action.
The following real estate review of Los Angeles
for the week ending September 6 is taken from
the Los A ngeles Investor:
119 transfers, amounting to 9124.860 76
76 transfers for nominal T- ■'^
considerations.
56 mortgages on city prop-
MA cr 'y $62,377 86 .
44 mortgages on county
property. 41,636 15
42 releases of city prop- " 104.018 00
„, erty. .................. .$77,100 00
41 releases of coumy
property 40.418 45
30 building permits amounting to : 1g',677 00
,« T , he statement for the month ended August 31
18? loo a3 '; ompttred wlth - he co«»spondin g month
ot 189 j. is as follows:
TRANSFERS.
iSq2"*— 1 809, amounting to $786,326
18U0... L.106. amounting to 1,050,799
.. MORTGAGES.
J2US 485> amounting to $595',64C
la '* o 29, amounting to 737,133
KKI.KASKH.
}896. 260, amounting to $780,468
iHa "'_ 340, amo 11 nll to 668,911
For the . m ? , ended August 31. 1896, there
w »nn«J£ bull<tl °8 : Permits Issued, amounting to
The only mortgage of Importance given In Los
Angeles last week was for $50U0, to run two years
carrying Interest at 11 per ceat. .-■ ■ ■ '
courthouse bonds have been paid at Phoenix
Ariz., to the amount ot $2000. There yet remains
te be canceled bonds of the same series, known as
the County Courthouse bonds, to the amount of
{pI!*,OUO- ' . .....
An assessment of $3 per share has been levied
on the capital stock of the California Portland Ce
ment Company, the place 01 business beinu Los
Angeles. ■ • ■-.. • *  i,
According to the Tacoma Union there is a sec
tion in the funding ordinance of that, city which
contains a loophole through whUh the committee
Of the Council, 11 so inclined, could fund' the
4>162,U00 or more of once-paid warrants. i his is
found iii the fourth • .section of the article in the
ordinance headed "-Coupons." ■> : •
The First National Bank 01 Helena, Mont-.whlch
has failed, in 1893 absorbed the Helena National
Bank, which was considered at the t.ineacood
thing. The reason assigned for the failure of me
First National Bank is that the withdrawals of de
posits have been heavy and the management were
unable to realize on the assets. The bank closed
Its doors first in 1893. and tne period of suspension
laueU six months. The consolidation with the
Helena National Bank was made later, and E. D.
Edgerton whs made vice-president and manager.
lue receiver ' of the Kitutas Valley National
Bank at Ellensburg, Wash., is receiving and tiling
proofs of claims.
The canltal stock of the Sioux City National
Bank, which has failed, is $300,000. - • . .. . -
-'•■ A report has ceeti made by the receiver of the
BaiiK ut Auburn, Wash., in which tbe assnls lire
stated to be $37,174, and the liabilities are $18,484.
A new banking establishment has been opened
in the City of Mexico, to be known as the Cornwe:l
Company, the member*' of which are B. T. Corn
well aud J. B Dickenson. ' in addition to a bank-
Ing business they will also conduct brokerage and
make milling investments. ' . . '■ -
Suit has been begun in the Superior Court at
Tacoma by Dennis Follet to have his sub crip: ion
for ten snares of the stock- of the -Columbia Na
tional Bank set aside .and* to recover a Judgment
for $1260 against the receiver. A part of his ocm
plaint is that while it had been proposed 10 Increase
the capital stock of the bank itonx $200,000 to
$500,000. a meeting was held by the shareholders,
of which meeting he had 110 Knowledge, and that
then and there it was voted to make me increase
only f 350,000. This meeting was held September
9. 1896, and on October 23. 1895, the comptroller
of the Currency, knowing that the association was
Insolvent, signed a certificate specifying the
amo in: of the increase of the capital stock and
approving the same, bat this paper never came
into the possession of tne association. These a le
gations are all contained in Mr. Follet'a complaint.
The fourteenth bi-monthly report of the Traders'
Bunk of I'acoma has been filed, showing cash on
hand amounting to .*6, 73 'J7
The Los Angeles Investor has in its New York
letter, under date of AuEU.it 29. the following bank
statement for the week preceding
The hank stntement for the week shown total
exchnnyes J416. 580,211. There was a decrease, in
sun Ins of $i;-i6,450. leaving total excess of legal
reserve $S,-i3b,200, compared with $39,149,925
Ihe same week one year ago. Loans Recreated
$3,143,300 deposits decreased $6,363,800, specie
increased *549,100. The decieasc in deposits is
due largely to timid depositors who have with
drawn their earnings from ihe savings banks. An
encouruulu^ sikii i.-, that no further application has
been made tor the issue ot loan certificates, al
though the rlenring-house committee has met
every day lor the purpose of receivin,- them. The
consensus seems to oe that ciearin^-iiouse certifi
cates ought never to be Issued save in times of
panic as a final measure, although it Is thought
that the readiness displayed by the committee to
receive applications has had a very good effect
and mar even have averted a panic. It is now
believed ihat the preseut crisis in the money
market may be safely tided over without any re
course to loan certificates Next -atutday's bank
report will reflect the good effect of me shipments
of gold which arc now om their wav to >ew York.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The range of prices was rather lower again
yesterday, and business was dull, as usual.
The Bullion assessment falls delinquent in board
to-morrow.
The dividend of the American Sugar Company
will be paid October 1.
The stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company will hold a meeting to-morrow to con
sider the proposition to reduce the capital stock
preliminary to consolidating with the San Fran
cisco Gaslignt Company.
The weekly report of the Con. Cal. A Va is as
follows:
1000 level— West crosscut 2, started at a point
in north drift 550 feet north from Con. Va. shaft
station or 85 feet south from north boundary line
of mine, has been extended 16 feet. • passing
through hard porphyry and clay separations;
total lenirth 656 feet; face of crosscut is in dlorite
or west country rock with slight flow of water.
1660 level— On ninth floor (first floor above sill
floor) east crosscut, started from this south drift
at a point 50 feet from Itu mouth or 50 feet north
from our south boundary line, was advanced 20
feet, passing through porphyry showing «--lay
separations and flue lines of quarts; total length
64 fee!.
1750 level— From thirteenth, fourteenth, fif
teenth, twenty-first and twenty-fourth floors,
above the floor of this level, at north end of stope
In old L'round of former workings, we extracted
during week 120 tons of ore. the average assay
value of which, per sample* taken from cars in
mine, was «37 38 per ton. From sixteenth floor
from upraise which connects with the twenty
fourth floor from end 01 east drift we are stoplug
upward in old ground, assaying about $30 a ton.
Total extraction of ore for week amoun.ed to 122
tons, the average assay value of which, per sam
ples taken from ca» when raised to surface, was
$38 08 a ton.
Folio Are the Highest Prices Our lag
the Past Week. *
'Tor
■
weti.iran.
-■
Alpha.....
Alt* _..
Andes -
Belcher
Beet & Belcher.
Bodle i..
Bullion
8a1wer. ..........
Caledonia
Challenge
Chcliar. . ...
Con. CaL A Va .
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry.
Hale A Norcrou
Mexican ..
Mono.
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
Potosi.
5avage:..... ....
Beg. Belcher...
Sierra Nevada..
Union.
Ulan ;.
VeUow Jacket..
19 19 17 16 18
10 OH 07 Ob 07
34 34 32 *2 31
68 571 69 68 58
Lls 1.15 1.10 Liv 1.05
«7 67 6* 62 60
10 10 10 10 08
43 41 47 49 48
10 11 11 13 11
68 63 ...... 51 61) 60
2.65 2.45 2.40 2.35 2.30
1.95 1.9.' ...... 1.95 1.»5 1.90
1.60 1.50...... 1.60 1.4.1 1.45
34 341 84 35 31
84 63 64 B- 59
1.60 1.66 I.M) 1.50 1.50
«6 6«! 6." 64 62
25 2) iO 20 19
1.15 1.16 1.16 1.10 1.10
19 17...... 17 16 15
66 62 60 57 66
1.10 1.051 1 1.05 1.00 1.00
70 66...... 70 68 6.>
13 12 10 )1 10
.83 79 81 85 79
t'i 51 50 5) 47
10 09 10 09 09
40 381 !<8 S« .Sb
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
B«OtTL»H MORNING SESSION', COHMFXfT 9:30.
300 Belcher. ..56 400 Occid 66 100 d Nev 79
100 B & 8...1.U5 100 Opblr... 1.05 200 Union . 47
200 Ch0ir.. .2.30 800 S Nt 78;200 Utah 09
300 G&C 5'J j
Following were tbe sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BKGPIAR SBsstON'— lo:3o.
300 Alpha.... 17 400 C0ntt....1.C5 700 afex 62
200 Alta....— 08 C Imp 02 100 Mono.. 20
200 Andes ...32 200 ............03 400 Occd .55
20J Blchr 500 Con V ...04 4 5.1 Ophlr 1.07
200 66 3>ui i uint>..3-- 301) Overman 16
200 b&B.I.OTVi 100 Exchqr....04400 Potosi .I.UO
200 1.05 1100 G&C... .5b!6)0 Save .. 64
100 80d1e.....6 - . 400 59 400 Scorplon..o«
401) Bullion. 50 H&N...1.51 500 SB.tM .11
100 Bulwer... 47 100 ....„ 1.62 - 600 .\v.. '' 79
200 Caled...l'_'Vs 50 1.5F 1000 8 Hill 02
800 Cha11ge...49 500 Ju1ia. .....07 SOU Un100...:.A8
■MO Ch0ir.. .2.3u 200 Justice.. ..o7 100 47
300 2.Vf 100 Kentuck..o\ 60 > U;ah, 09
300 CCV 1% 300 LWash...oti}loU V Jckl 35
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 12-13 k.
Bid. Asked. BiiUAtkfA.
Alphu Con. ... IS 17 Jackson 25 60
Alt*. 07 0b Julia — 08
Andes. 30 31 Jtrstlce. 05 t6
Belcher : 64 66 Keniucfc...... 07 1)8
Best & Belcher 1.05 1.10 Lady Wash.... — 04
Benton C0n.... — 16 Mexican 61 62
Bodle BO 65 M0n0... 19 20
Bullion 08 V 9 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer 48 49 Occidental. .... 65 67
Caledonia. 11 12 0ph1r....... ...1.U5 1.10
Chollar . 2.26 2.30 Overman- 16 16
C0n.Ca1&Va...1.85 1.90 I'otosL 98 l.uu
Challenge Con, 48 50 5avage......... 6.3 64
Con. imperial. 02 03 Scorpion .- — lv
Confidence.... 1.45 I.6ojSeg. Belcher... 10 11
Con New York — 06 syndicate 03 —
Crown Point... 31 33 silver Hi 11.... — 03
EastSlerraNev 03 t6 Sierra Nevada, 78 79
Eureka Con... 25 40 Union Con 47 49
Exchequer.... Oft 0. Utah..... 08 (19
oouia it curry. 68 69 Yellow JaclCK. 36 37
lime <&Norcrs. 1.60 1.55
GOLD MINING EXCHAXOS.
Champion ...... Princess.
Bid 1800 Asked . 72
Asked. 22 50 Providence
Edna Asked 80 00
Asked a 26 aavannan
Grant,.... ....... Asked., 48
AsKed... 25 100 seb&aiopol...... 33
Kennedy I'horpa ...
Askea «008 id.... 60
300 Lock wood Con. 28 Asked - 85
100 29| ■
local SKCaRITtBS.
Asked Spring Valley Water . 97 00
Bid San Francisco Gas 90 60
STOCK AM) BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Sept. 12-12 1C
UNITED STATES BONDS.
£ut. Asked. Bid. AtkeA.
V B 4sconp..losVi - USftareg... - 107%
Do new issuel 15 — |
MJW<KI,J.»NKOTT« Tt<YV>%.
Cal-»tCbless lOBV4HO I'acßoll « _
Cal ElecL6illß - DolMlsß*... — _.
CntraCW3» - 94 I'*or>-6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-CD 80 87Jrt,!l'dSCh Ry 6s. — 107%
KdsnLtkt>63llß - Pwl-st RR6^. — —
F&CUKK63. - 103 Reno, WUL — 105
Geary-stRSs. — 107% *»cto P<t L. — 102V^
LosAngLtfi. -: 100 SK&NI»RSs. 97V* 98Vi
DoliateedSi 95 100 |srßKArizß:i 93 96
Mkt-stCble6sll9 — . SPRRCaISs. — 110%
DoßyConss..lol% - SPRRCaI6». - _Ti
Nat Vin6s lit 96 - SPErßCaltis. - 99
NevCNRR7s. 84 — PWVateras..ll6 —
N P C RR6$. 100 - . SVWateris.. 97 —
XRv tal Hi — JUo^StktnGiE6s — 102%
XRy Cal is. — 10W &unstT<tT«4. — — *
Oak Gas 55.. 102 — Sutter-stKSa. 107 '— ;^
1.0 2d la 65.- 102% — VlsaliaWCO* — — ■
OiiiiiJbu* os. 117 . — ,
WATKR STOCK*.
Contra Costa 29i'g 40 |San Josel..;. — _
Maria C 0.... 50 53 |Sprng Valley 96 97
i Ah STOCKS.
Capital....... 17% 30 [Pacific Lleht _ 4Py*
Central 9» - ! San * rancaco 90\4 803.?
OakUL&H 51"4 62%|510Ct«0u..... - UO
1-ikC uasliuv- »2 l /4 83 I.
n-,i;ranck STOCK* .
Fireman's Fd 150 — |Bon ........ 25 60
COMMERCIAL BANK ST(V:IC<.
AmwF.&TC - — . LondonP&A.l23% —
Anelo-Cal...'. — 68 London&siT. — 271 A
Bank of 225 234 MercU Ex... 12 —^*
Cal S D<£TColo7%llO Nevada.. — _
PlrstNaaom. - lbO jSaiher 00. -" —
KAVINBH V.AIOC STOCKS.
OerSALCo.I2OO 1260 .. ISav&Loao. «. ion
HumbS&L.lloo 1450 Security _ 07?
Mutual. — 40 Union Trust, 750 —
Hl'SavUnlon — 480 •-. • -
BTRKBT RAH,Ho, n , T ,, Xn .
California.... 105^106 jOakSLdtHar — 100
nearest. — «0 Presidio 0W» —
Markei-»u... 42»/ 4SV4lßutter-st ~T*i —
\ioik tow i>*.K STOCK!
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCon. IBiA —
Eastern D... 70 — Judson D'" — -
Caliiornia.... 50 — Ivinorit....". - 9*oo
• » MWdtIUSHnDs'sTOOJO. i
Alaska rkn. 92% 95 |XatVlnCo _
BlkDCoaiCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo _ an
Cal Cot Mills - - Pac Aux i?A 7 _
Edison Light 116 116V4 PacßoraxCo. 98 " 100 %
Gascon Assn. - - Pac Roll Mill _ _
GerLeadCo. 80 " 100 Part PaintOo 6V^ 7v
HawC&SCa. 14 15 I PacTr, - 2 l Vl
DUtchSPCo-19% 19»4 PacT&T Co. 70 _
MfrExAssn.lOO 110 Sunset T&T 41
JlKlec Light — >4% United C Co. _ 25
■--'■ 6iLKU-11ii».,..»i ' b«ttlj.4
R'-nril— ' .
.5 Cal Safe Deposit. .'......... 110 on
S6 toisou LlKht& Power C 0.... us 7%
r.O HutchinsonSPCo.... .. in k»
60 8 F Gaslight. ••"•• •- ••"••••" 8 q 50
60 S F Gasilgat fc9o 7B
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
■ - . — — — —— —
David Hewes to John Flood, re-record of 794 d
56. N of Fulton street. 109 k of V;-n Xe-s:iveune,
E 30, N to .\E line of Hayes Tract, NW to a point
109 H of Van .Ness avenue and 76 5 of Fulton, 3
76 to bediming; $3000.
Theodore Given to Franklin T. Green, lot on NE
corner or Fell and Devlsadero streets, N 25 by B
llz:6; ;.
Crocker Est»t° Company to E. J. Wales, lot on
S line of BeulHh street, 131:3 E of Stanyan, E 25
by S 187:6: $10. . - . ~
Miguel, Vincent and Catallna Xoe and Catallna
Spllvalo to Owen Barry, undivided half of lot on E
line of Sanchez Street, 80 N of Day, N 55 by E 80
-$lO. ....
Owen Barry to William F. Laumeister, lot on
E line of Sanchez street, 67:6 -V of Day, N 27:6 by
80: *10.
Mary C. and Edward W. Crofton to George J.
Doering. lot on S line of Elizabeth street, 100 \V
of Diamond, W 25 by s 64; $10.
Georre J. and Elizabeth Doerlng (McKeown) to
Wana Bnckner, lot on S line of EttztbPth street,
100 W of Diamond, W 25 by S 114; $10.
John. Tine and W. H. Conly, Eugene Harvey,
Richard J. Mier, David McKay, 1 ouis Braverman
and L. J»cob< (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-third and Kureka streets. X 115,
\V 100, s 25. F. 50. S 90, E 60, 51,365; $4882.
Hioernia savin and Loan society to Robert
WniU-, same; $5078.
J. C. Buckma.i'er to P. Reddy, J. C. Campbell
and W. H. Met^on, undivided hair of lot on N line
of Eighteenth street. 105 Wof Mission, W. 25 by
IS 85; also undivided half interest in estate of
Margaret Buckmaster: $2500.
Thomas V. and Kate O'Brien to Ella M. Goe, lot
on JME corner of Liberty and Dolores streets, N
76:6 by 75: $10.
James Lillle to Maria Ltllle, lot on S line of
Liberty street, 192:6 E of Dolores, E 25 by S 114:
gift.
ALAMR DA COUNTY.
Margaret P. McCourtneyio George McCourtney,
1 ©ton 8 line of ' Forty-third street. 284.03 W of
Telegraph avenue, W 25 by S 96; also lot on S
line of Forty-third street, 369.03 W - f Telegraph
avenue, W 25 by S 96, reserving cottages on such
land, being a portion McCourtney Tract, Oakland
Township: gift.
Same to Annie I. McCourtney, lot on S line of
Forty-third street. 309.03 W of Telegraph avenue,
W 26 by S 96, reserving cottage on said land, be
ing a portion of McCourtney Tract, Oakland
Township; gift.
Same to Mary L. McConrtney, lot on S line of
Forty-third street. 334.03 W of Telegraph avenue
W25 by s 96, reserving cottage on said land be
ing a portion of McCourtney Tract, Oakland
Township; gift.
Same to Paul C. and Annie a McCourtney lot
on SE line of Telegraph avenue and Erie street,
NE 146.08, a 176.38, W 140. N 137.45 to begin
ning, being a portion of McCourtuey Tra"t. Oak
land lownshlp; gift. ■■-,'.■■ '
Geor«e B. M. and Alice M. Gray to Charles W.
Holies, let on S line of Central avenue, 251) W of
Oak street. W 30:8 by S :40, being the E 80:8 of
lot 15. in E half of block C, Lands Adjacent to
KiicniHl. excepting the N 10 feet taken for widen
ing Central avenue, Alameda: $10
John W. and I.avima Da.- to Emma H. Waters,
plat 9, Watson Tract, East Oakland; $10. lerS>
i % s^« 1 i znerr t0 Count y°f Alameda, a strtn at
land 60 feet in width on X line across plat 6, from
S line of said plat to X hue thereof, said strip
being a continuation of Helen (or Holden) street,
to be used for a public street, Oakland Town
ship; $1.
Frederick Wilkes to Farrington Wilkes. lot 21,
block 63, Tract B, Berkeley i, and T. 1. associa
tion, Berkeley; $10.
Rosalie Dajas to Hypolyte Dajas. lot on SW cor
ner of sixth street and Bancroft way, S 100 by \V
50, Berkeley: also undivided half interest ill
lot on i 3 line of Sixth street, 200 N of Charming
way, X 60 by X 100. beinc lot 21. block 126, Ray
mond Tr»ct, Berke ey; git..
Oscar M. and Kmtly A. Rogers, Clara L. and El
mer vvelsh to John L. Xi *hepard, lot commenc
ing at a stake on X line of Raliroad avenue, mark
ing the division line between the Chipman West
111-acre iract and the Aunhinbaugh 223-acre
tract, thence SR 300, E 200, SW 150, W 40, SW
150, W 160. to beginning. Alameda; $10.
George Carlisle to Elizabeth O. Puizman, lot on
W line of Chestnut ('1 wentie h) street. 46 from
8 line of Knclnal avenue, S 46:8 by W 108. being
portion of lots 1, 2 and 3, block 9. Bartlett Tract
Aiame.ia; $10.
Priscilla K. Lorena and Eva P. Powell to Henry
W. and Maggie Watklns. lot on \V lineot Peralta
stiett, since widen, d to 80 feet, 50 of Taylor, s
40 and W J 00, block 698, Gibbons property, Map
No. l, Oakland; $10.
Rebecca Pantoskey to H. Pantoskev.lot on S
line of Fourth street, 125 W of Washington, W 35
by S 100, being lot 12, block 29, Oakland; gift.
William B. Bainum to Manuel Fost, lots 4, 26
and 27, block X, Map of Andrew Jones' subdi
vision of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. ,
Juana and Gottlieb Zen to Alexandra Marcel
lingros, lot on N Hue or Alameda avenue. 300:4 E
of Wamut street, E 40 by N 150, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
George D. Toy wi h in. Williamson, sewerage,
gusntting and plumbing in a three-story brick
building and one story in rear on | Powell, near
O'Farre.l; $2924. Howard & Swam, architects.
Westminster Presbyterian Socie;y with James
Campbell and Thomas Pettus, carpenter work,
etc., on & corner Page and Webster streets: S9BOO.
Charles Geddes.'archltect.
Richard-O'Connor with Wallace o. Boiwell, to
erect a two-story frame building on W line of Scott
street, 137:6 -»' of Bash: $2691. Thomas J.
Welsh, architect.
» * — •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
../..r BUSS HOUSE.
C E ColUs, Portland J C Hoi le way, Cloverdal*
G\V Barnett, Coleville F O Will, Or
J C BrowD, Stockton S NlchoU, Guatemala
W S sur.tt, Guatemala Miss L KobiriNon, Napa
C Thompson. Oakland B Schneider Aw, Quincy
F II Megeurel, sacto C F Winter, Sacramento
G T Keyser. Sisson Mrs 1) Johnson, Cal
F F Webster, Sunol W F Weeks&w.Newman
C T Calumet. Cal P Brown, Cal
\V Dudley, Valejo G II Wise. V«!lejo
J A GUI, Sea tie T C Collins, Santa Rosa
D Duttou w, Vacavllle C H Handy, Montpelier
SF t toUe-s, Montpeiler H L Wright, La
W T Wright. Or Ii Hnrdurff, Salinas City
F Clausen, Tacoma . <; 8 Tiller, San Mat
F Conner, Chicago 6Fti ankard, Hollisier
W P b asley, Ventura L X Hendrlck, Jackson
J Schleslnger, .San Jose J Moore, Sacramento
G L Wilson, Stockton ' LP (Albert, Sonora
J Do.tlnger, san Jose J toffee, Modesto
J W Boynton, Reno F X .McK.-e. Stockton
H Van Buren, Stockton T-W Williams. -Modesto
C A iievens, Santa Rosa O I) Wright, Stockton
T J Snfford, Los Bano-t J L High. Mader.t
R 8 Post, Fowler G \v Newbell. Modesto
D j ory * wf, Seattle LJ Coffee, -Modesto
Si) Barker & w.Durango L J Ireland, Modesto
0 E Nash, Redding . Mrs G L Green, l.os An*
J W Hall, Kedditig Mrs E Bakes.raln, Los A
C R scott, Oregon U B Leet, Modesto
J M Median A W, >.cv J Moore. Sacramento
W T Wright A s, Roseb? G Mattesen, Modesto
MisW ii Campoell.S Jose J C Fox, Modesto -.
g M McFffrlane, bastpl L Fox, Modesto X. ■'
Mm Gibson, Stanford M Tackabury A w.DenvT
G W Gibton. Stanford S O Barker A w.Duranco
R Budar, El Koker G T Keeper, »lssou
A J Brudisn, Los Angeles B H arris, Oakland
J Creeny. Evergreen c H Handy, Montp«ller
W X Kutherford.Stocktn P Foster. Dixon
J O Wachter Sacramento G W Hetherton, Santa
D H Potter, San Lucas Cruz
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Moses, Han Mateo R T Devlin, Sacramento
R Dollar, San Rafael D B Keiser & wf, Texas
\V Morgan.. Capltola F F Garcia <fc wf, Cal
J Rice, Carson Mrs a M Whitesidea, Cal
F J Bradon, San Jose J E Gratz. U S N
H W Delaney, Alain J Dot an, Dayton
W J Jones, Valley Ford W B Ho lg.-s. P.raiso Sp
J H Brink & wf, Cal E A Cn-nuan, Stockton
W Campbell, Cal c A Kessler A wf, Ariz
C X Light, Omaha y M Moldin. .Nelson
WJ Keuuedy&w.GtFalls W j Doherty, Bakersrld
W h. Butler* wi. Wash J Hatch & wf. Camdc-n
Misses Hatch. Camden A Hatch, Cttmden
H S Wright", Cal wo nolma, Los Angeles
HKBoder. «&^ch,» Jose P Durst, Wheattand
R £ Moody, Portland \V I) Cobi-, Gilro.-
P J Anthony & wf, Colo A M. i.rowu, Grants Pasi
Mr Fairlieid Aw.Sßarael C Tattle, Auburn
F L Gilbert, Cai W B Wood, San Jose
J H Benklemann.L Ang E M Morrison, Los Ana
C L Ktnsiriee, Chicago B C Ftaher. Jackson
G W Derby A wf. S Jose G T Klves, Nevada City
J W i urtis, Cal J D McGee, colusa
H L Story <fc dr. Cal J X Story. Bel:nont
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R H Wade A w. Buffalo G Johnson & w, Fresno
W J Crawford & w, orgn B X Breeze, Jackson
PC La Duke, RMS • Mrs B Burch, San Jose
£ L Newman.Pasoßobls ° H Knight. Stockton
P T Bright. Mill Valley H D silt, PasAtiena
J Ryan, Ireland W B ReynoldsAw.LAngl
D Cozzens, sonora R Smyth, i- 1 Dorado
\J Por er, Xl Dorado C J Harrison, Oakland
W B alnutGrove W O i:aiu<r. California
G P Brady, Oakland H Bailey. Port, and
J Stanley. Portland R H Foster & Portland
J X Matthewson, NY C H Bray to , 'tacoma
KHeld Angels Camp. MrsEKßice&m, Angels C
Mr? McKav&s, Angels C W How.-ii, Battle Creek
"Si? Klnner,Battle C Miss H B Klnner.BauieO
A * Shippey, Circle City H Davis, Circle City
w J-oreman, Portland MrsLCurry&ch.Grt Falls
«r l'l-terson, Alvarado Miss HMi .»-, Alvarado
v .Hi?.. 6 ' Al arado D M Sllber, California
V P Wilson, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
A H Collbran, Denver Mrs M N Tabor, Denver
£ J Carter. NY Mrs P M Wllcox, Denver
x> M Thompson. Sydney R a Herman, Wash
H Glasseli, Los Angeles W L stilt, 111
J A Mnllaly, Mill Valley W S Day, Santa Barbara
V.V Cohen, Seattle M M Bellinger, Tacoma
ii GBoi.d, Seattle Mrs X Wilson. Seattle
Mrs 11 G Bond, Seattle Miss Ac.a Hanrord.Wasb
Mrs Ti. Hagar, Nev X J Colte, >t Louis
D Beer. N V F H biory. Los Ang
vB X pier, Chicago :F B Lauat &w. Sn itafael
Sharkey, NY W D Whlf.aker, Phlla
Mrso Miles, Sunol G Fletcher. Grass Valley
°ii Green, Milwaukee Cll Colburn. Va
* % J,. Bradley. Wardner : H B Twany, Tucson
W W Danlng, Mas* J T Valemlne, Pnlla
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs B Durfee. Mass . Ed FisUer A*, Vacavill*
R C Smith «few, San Jose T B Brow A oh. Moot
W S Bryan, Cal . J p irwln A W St Louis
C MeagherA w, Sao Jose Francis J Fux. Butte
X Moran, >anta losa 6 C Carl r, IM Angeles
Angus McDonald. Shata G \V Sjrolil. Nuiva
X W Sweeney. Berkeley II Hender»on, C«U
Jtr Kelsey. Ventura . Miss McUonald. Prtlnd
M < Fish, Provdnce, HI C M Co| ai s»cto
D vid S Ross, Portland 0 M Fox, saa Diego
J W Barbour, Hanford Jas V Pi-, Merced
M Block, Boise City J W Howfrll, Merced
PH Griffin," Modesto Mrs Durf»e, MiiartsvUW
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs J C Downing, Pa J Karlspe, Sacto
T J Francis, Col lisa A MUUomm, an Jose
J N kwlng, San Jose KS Brown, Ban Jose
W B Rankin, Los Gates A B Wagner. Eureka
W C Douglass, St Louis J A Trenton, Oakland
R W Alsbrook, Memphis J W Mawhlnmey, Pa
H R Rogrrs,w & fam.Ca. C F ColViD, Valleio
B s Gulland, NY 'GO Seymour. La
H Zorrella, La \V I) Davis, La
X Moore Jr, Kansas City J B Lowe it wf, San Jos*
J Castro. San Jose Mrs A Henry, DanvUlaInteresting News Items From Alameda County.
MARRIED, S INGLE
OR A BIGAMIST
Mrs, Dulcich-Dobin-Grogan
Says She Will Yet
Have Justice,
ROMANCE OF HER LIFE
Her First Wedding Was With a
Soldier Killed at Gettys
burg.
SECOND HUSBAND IS ALIVE.
Her Third Partner Had His Wedding
Annulled, but the Lady Wants
Some of His Estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 12. )
Mrs. Luigi Dulcich-Dobin-Grogan does
not believe the Superior Court has given
her a fair deal, although she does not say
that she has been treated badly. The lady
has had a variety of matrimonial experi
ences and now she believes she is entitled
to some property that belonged to one of
her husbands. The court decided other
wise and Mrs. Dulcich who, in addition to
being the wife of those mentioned, started
her career of marriage with a Union
soldier who was killed, has entered an ex
ception and thinks she should have a new
trial.
The lady's history, as told by herself, is
interesting. "I have had rather a troubled
wedded career," she said, "but my certifi
cates are all clear and there is no difficulty
at all in proving my claims. I was first
married to a soldier who was killed at the
battle of Gettysburg. At the time of his
uoath I had one little girl. I arew a pen
sion until my second marria.e and then
my daughter had the pension money until
bhe came of age.
•'ln May, 1866, I was married to Terence
Grogan, and rive days after the marriage
we came to California and took up our
residence in East Oakland, aftei ward going
to Humboldt County. A little boy was
born there, and when he was six months
old I was forced to leave my husband, as I
could not endure life with him any longer.
"1 fame back to Oakland with my boy
in 1867 and lived here for some years. In
Is7l, being assured beyond a doubt that
niy second husband was dead, I married
Louis Dobiri. We were married by a
Justice of the Peace, and soon after our
marriage we went to Peru and endured
sreat hardships. Three children were
horn, and after some years our condition
began to improve. T&ere were times wnen
we haa nothing to eat, but when Dobin
started a saloon we made money.
"I was his companion and faithful wife
throughout. Our life was one of hardship
and as a last resort 1 went upon the stage.
I was moderately successful from the
start, but as 1 adopted the profession from
necessity and not choice J dropped it as
soon as we had money enough to start in
business.
"When the war with Chile broke out I
returned to Oakland with the three chil
dren and Dobin remained behind. He fol
lowed me in about a couple of years, and
after being together for less than a year
Dobin left me. When he came back from
Peru he told me that his name was not
Louis Dobin, but Laigi Dulcich. With
the money that we both helped to save he
bought property in East Oakland that is
now worth $40,000."
Six years ago Dulcich brought an action
to have the marriage annulled on the
F round that the second husband, Terence
Groean, was still alive. An affidavit was
produced in court purporting to come
irom one Terence Grogan in the State of
Washington. Mrs. Dulcich denies that
tha afiidavit is from her former husband,
but it is attested before a notary and on
tne strength of it her marriage with
Dulcich was annulled.
Mr?. Dulcich. or Dobin or Grogan, is
very confident that she can prove such a
case that the court will eventually award
her half the East Oakland property.
ALL TALK BASEBALL.
The Encinal City Experiences a
Revival of the National
Game.
A N.w Ccurthouss Bsing Built
Po: ling-Places and Officers ..
of Precincts.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 12— Politics
and everything else has given way to-day
to baseball talk. In every store and on
every street corner the National game has
been the theme of conversation. ' The
game of the local club with the San Luis
Obispo club has been discussed from all
sides and as night came on it was impos
sible to hear anything but ball talk. When
the news came that Alameda had been
defeated the juvenile part of town went
into saoruning.
The meat markets have arranged teams
to compete to-mcrrow on the diamond.
The game will be called at 9:30 in the
morning at the grounds on Walnut street.
The makeup of the teams is:
Combs «fc Fishers. Position. If ad vs.
Dlckson ditcher ...L»n>rty
31 orton ..Pitcher » O r»e
l/ossen l'irsi base Gerrisn
firllliUi...... Hecontl basn ;.... Probst
Ilebbard Third base Omy
Kan ford Shortstop R. ady
Combs ...Left Held B. Soy
> inner Center field Bennett
Hlnsoii KlKht fie1d. ........... Hogy
J>eiui Substitute Nissoii
; Political Arrangements.
I ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 12.— The follow
ing committee on arrangements for the
Republican County Convention, which
meets in the opera-house on Monday.
September 21, has been selected: Ed
Randlett and J. R. Knowland from the
Alamada Republican Club, Thomas White
and .tinier E.Johnson from the regular
Republican Club, and F. J. Flettrr and I.
N. Chapman from the Veteran Republican
Club. \ ...
The polling-places and officers for the
primary election to elect delegates to the
convention, which is set for next Satur
day between the hours of 1 and 8 o'clock,
are as follows:
First District— Precincts 12 and 13; polling
place, William - Holtz's office, Webster street.
Officers of Inspector, W. If. Corn
wall; -Judge, -George E. Clarke; clerk, T. B.
Marshall. • ■ •••
Second District— Precincts 8. 9, 10 and 11;
polling-place, Eucinal Hall,' Bay-street sta
tion. Officers of election— lnspector, George
Lewis; . judge, John Meyer: clerk, Charles
Mars ton.
Third District— Precincts, part of 1 and all of
8. 4 and 7; pol ling- place, 1(503 Park street, ■
near Railroad avenue. Officer* ot election— >
Inspector. H. Newton; judge, D. T. Hand; i
clerk, L. N. Chapman.
Fourth District— Precincts, part of 1 and all
of 2, 5 and (5; polling-place. 2302 a. Knfiiittl
avenue, near Park street. Officers of election
—Inspector. G. B. Manley; judge, A. R. Ham
lin; clerk, \Y. H. Bray.
The city is eotitlcd to thirty -four dele- \
prates in the convention, which consists ot j
244 members.
A Kew Courthouse.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Sept. 12.— A ?100 I
courthouse is one of the latest buildings to
be begun in this city. Ground was broken
to-day for the foundation, and if all goes j
well it will be completed for occupancy on !
Saturday. September 28.
The edifice is on the ea«t side of Oak ■
street, onposite the City Hall, and will be
occupied by Justire Morris, who contem
plated such a scheme a year ago, t^hen he j
left "Webb avenue; butthe uncertainty of j
his term of office and his inability to se- ;
cure a lease upon the lot kept work bacfc j
until to-day. This will enable him to i
compete on even terms with Justice \
Swasey, who. he claims, has had more :
than his share of his cases coming from j
the officers In the city building.
The structure is to be a one-story frame
building twenty feet wide and thirty feet
ueep. Harry Koerber is the lessee of the
lot, and has had a woodyard on it.
Ho Started for Home.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 12.— May lan
Bowley, an overgrown youth of 16, has
been missing from his sister's home since
September 1. H. C. Johnson, his brother
in-law, has received a postal dated Stock
ton which stated that young Bowley was
going to Sacramento, and when he earned
enough money he would return to his
home in Utah.
For the past year Bowley has been liv
ing with Mr. Johnson and attending
school, but of late he has had several
homesick spells, and during one of these
he started out for home afoot with only
$2 on his person. Mr. Johnson has asked
the authorities in Sacramento to look out
for the boy and inform him of bis where
abouts, so that he may be put back to
school.
Awaiting Word 1 mm Home.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 12 —Officer An
derson iouml a youngster about 14 years !
of age wandering about the depot after '
the last train came in this morning, and
took him to the ci'«y prison. He gave lm
name as Walter Rivas of Port Costa, and
said his father was a stevrdore. A tele
gram was sent to his parents to-day, but
up to a late hour to-night no answer had
been received.
Rivas says he leit home about a week
ago with $1 50 to see the sights i:i San
Francisco. After running short of tan is
he started for home last night, taking the
last ferry and by mistake the Alameda lo
cal at the Dier. He will be held pending
word from Port Costu.
Valuable Horse Impaled.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 12.— Contractor
C. J. Hammond lost one of his most valu
able horses this morning whiJe at work
scraping sand at the foot of Walnut street.
The animal sank in a soft spot, and In its
lunges to free himself he was imr-aled and
disemboweled on a fence post. Veterinary
Surgeon Carpenter was called, and after
an examination pronounced the hor>e fa
tally wounded, and shot him. He was
valued at $100.
Office Not Needed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Cali
fornia Railway Company have abandoned
their ticket office at the Tidal Canal. It
had been learned that there was no neces
sity for an office, as the public seldom
bought their tickets, except on the electric
cars.
REVIVAL WORK.
Conference Next Week by tlie Baptist
Slinlgters' Union iegitttting It.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— The pretty
little Tenth-avenue Baptist Church, at the
corner of Tenth avenue and East Four
teenth street, East Oakland, is to be the
scene of a conference on revival work un
der the direction of the Baptist Ministers'
Union of San Francisco and vicinity, Mon
day and Tuesday of next week.
These meetings are not for ministers
only, but everybody is cordially invited.
The members of churches, Sunday-schooi
teachers and mission workers are earnestly
urged to attend. Basket lunch between
afternoon and evening services, with tea
and coffee served by the church.
The programme lor the two days is as
follows:
Monday morning, 11:00— "The Ministry and
the Prevailing Religious Apathy," paper by
Key. A. M. Russell; discussion and prnyer.
Monday afternoon, 2:oo— Prayer; 2:15, gen
eral Uidic, "The Need of a Revival of Reli
gion"; (1.) address. "TheNeedof theCnurch,"
Rev. H. L. Beitz; 2:45 [2.), "The Need of the
World," Key. James Sunderland, D. I). ; 3:15,
discussion and prayer.
Monday evening, 7:30 — Prayer service; 7:45,
address, 'Prayer and Revivals," Rev. S. B. Ran
dall; 8:15, address, ''Human Effort and Re
vivals," Rev. M. P. Boynton; 8:45, prayer.
Tuesday afternoon, 2:oo— " The Holy Spirit
and Revivals," Rev. s. R. Keetch; discussion
and prayer; 3:30, '-Hindrances to Revivals,"
j Rev. C. 11. Hobart; 4:00, conference and
I prayer.
Tuesday evening, 7:3o— Prayer; 7:45, ad
dress, "Tho Local Church Revival," Rev.
Robert Whitalrer; 8:15, address, "Some Fruits
of Such a Revival," President T. G. Brownsoii;
j 8:45, prayer.
Smith Improving.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sent. 12— The youn E
man supposed to be H. L. Smith of 639
Clay street, who was taken Jroni the
Stockton train last night and booked for
insanity, is considerably improved to-day.
How he manaeed to set away from Stock
ton with $422 10, a gold watch and chain
with a diamond-studded locket and an
oxidized silver ring set with two large
diamonds is a mystery. The inside of tne
watch is inscribed : H. L. Smith, Los
Gatos, Cal., November 5, 1890.
HISTORY OF A DAI.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Sept. 12. |
The Political Study Club of Mies will meet
next Tuesday at 3 P. U. with Mrs. G. U. Hud
son.
The Ban Lorenzo Republican Club will meet
on Saturday evening to name delegates to be
voted lor at the primaries on the l'Jth inst.
The shoot-off for the class prizes of the Em
pire Uun Club will take place to-morrow at
Alameda Point, commeucing at 10 o'clock.
The ladles of the Presbyterian Church
of Pleasanton are to hn j their annual lair
and floral festival on tne 15th and 10th of
October.
There will be a regular meeting of the Board
of Directors of the industrial Home of Me
chanical Trades for the Adult Blind at the
home on Monday ai 4 :30 o'clock.
The event of the coming week in the suffrage
campaign will be the meeting to be held in the
Exposition building on Thursday evening.
Four of the brightest lights of the sufTracd
cause will be present.
The regular session of the Oakland Presby
tery, wi»ich Includes Alameda and Contra
Costa counties, is to be held in Danville, Con
tra Costa county, next week, commencing
Moiidny cveuing next at 7:80.
A complimentary testimonlhl will be ten
dered to the Blleaes Pearl Hickmau and Jessie
Neumau by their many friends, under the
flirection of Mrs. Carro True Boardmsn at
Kllie Hal!, Wednesday evening.
The first public meeting of the newly organ
ized Repubicai' League in to be held Mondny
evening at. the headquarters, 1060 Broadway,
tlrst floor. Iho league has over 500 members,
i hough tne initial steps for its organization
were token only ten days ago.
A Republican meeting will be held in Ford's
Hall, Niles, on Saturday evening. The Hon.
John T. Dare and Louis Titus will be the main
speakers of the evening, although local speak
ers of note are expected to be present and as
gist In tin; speeobmalcing. A McKinley aud
Hobart club is to be organized.
The call for the Democratic county conven
tion, to b« held September 18 at 9a. m., has
been issued. Primary and club elections for
delegates are to be held in the different pre
cincts on the lt>ih. The apportionment is one
delegate to each fifty voies cast for James
Budd in each precinct, making 143 in all
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
THE DELIGHT OF THE ARTISTS.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 12.— The artists and sculptors of Oakland and San Fran
cisco have discovered that one of the three celebrated pieces ot scu'pture sent to the
World's Fair under the auspices of the Italian Government is In the possession of W.
R. Davis of this city and may call to inspect it.
li represents Michael Angelo and his first piece of Wsrk, and is the v.ork of the
celebrated Florentine artist, Gonelli. The statuary is remarkably fine in every detail,
and is of white marble on a preen marble base. It weighs 1600 pounds, and it was a
great surprise to many to learn that, the work waj on the coast.
PRAISES FOR McKINLEY.
Eerkeley Republicans Pay Trib
ute to the bta.wart Prottc
ticnist Frcm Ohio
Dr. George Stratton, the Psychologist,
Arrives m Berk ley— Boat C ub
Election— Noes
BERKELEY, Cal.. Sept. 12. — The
Young Men's Republican Club held one of
the most enthusiastic meetings of the sea
son last evening at Pythian Hali. Ad
dresses were given by a number of cam
paign speakers, among whom wore Hon.
William Lair Hill. W. H. Friend, Super
visor Johnston, G. A. Norton and Al Ber
nard. Hon. William Lair. Hill, candidate
lor the Judgeship of Ala>neda County,
was the principal speaker of the evening.
He touched incidentally on local politics,
but quickly passed Into the discussion of
the more important National Issues.
"Two questions," said he, "are para
mount in ti:is campaign — protection and
money. Republicans say that projection
is the main issue, while Democrat-* and
Populists insist that free silver should
take precedence. The Democratic party
has one head and two tails and the tails
are wagging in different directions. The
Republican party has but one hrad and
one tail and both always work in har
mony. As the Democrats are claiming
that free silver is the one thing essential
for the betterment of the condition of the
people of the United States, the Repub
licans will meet them on their own
erouml, notwithstanding the evasion of
the main issue of protection by ihe silver- I
; ites, in comtarisou to whichthe money
question sinka into insignificance.
"What good would it do to send silver
dollars abroad to purchase manufactured
goods when our ov.-n workmen are idle?
Bet the wieels of industry whirling again
and the silver question will adjust itself."
The apDlaust which followed this ad
dress was long and loud.
School Trustee George A. Norton, who
is a candidate for the Assembly from the I
Fifty-first District, spoke next. He pre
sented some strong logical arguments in
favor of protection and sound money.
Supervisor Johnston, who is a candidate
for re-election, was introduced and made j
a few remarks in relation to the duties
and obligations of a man in his official
position.
Hon. W. 11. Friend of Oakland, also a
candidate for Supervisor from this district
was the last speaker. He kept the audi
ence in good liurnor with a cleverly pre
sented and witty speech. In the course of
his remarks he stated that he was in favor
of good roads and if elected to the riuper
yisorship would work incessantly for the
improvement of the roads of "Aiameda
County.
The meeting closed with three rousing
cheers and a tiger lor the success of Wil
liam McKinley and Garrett Hobart.
FaychologiHt Straltoii Arrive*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept, 12.— Dr. Georee
Stratton, who i-i to have cliurge of the n«Tw
psychological laboratory which is to be eet
up at the State University, reached Berke
ley to-duy. It will be about six weeks be
fore work in the laboratory can be com
menced, as a new building is to be erected
on the grounds for the accommodation of
the exrerimenal apparatus a;id for a class
room. The erection of a temporary
structure, to cost about |1200. will com
mence at once.
Dr. Stration has been in Europe for the
past two years on a - leave of absence from
the university, and has been pursuing
psychological st.ndiesat Leipsic, Germany,
under Professor Wundt.
He has received the highest honor ever
bestowed upon an American who has pur
sued psychological stuJies at the Leipsic
University, having received in addition to
his doctor's decree, the distiuction,
"surama cum laude."
In addition, the results of his investiga
tions, as set forth in his doctor's thesis,
have been published in the most noted
scientific journal?.
On his way to California frcm New
YorK, Dr. Stratton visiied the leading
universities along the route of his travel.
Tne opening of the psychological labor
atory will mark the dawning of a new era
in the department of philosophy at the
State University, aud tfie commencement
of work in it is' looked forward to with
much anticipation by the philosophically
inclined.
Boat Club Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 12.— The an
nual election of officers and directors of
the University of California Boating Asso
ciation took place this afternoon at the
club headquarters on the Oakland Estuary.
Following were the new officer* elected :
President, Cole '97; secretary, Fryer ' 99;
treasurer. W. G. Morrow. Cole '97. Hop
per "98, Fryer ' 99 and McWade "97 were
elected directors from the undergraduates
at Berkeley. Trew from the Affiliated Col
leges and Morrow from the alumni. The
directors will elect another member from
t!>e faculty at Berkeley. *!
It was decided to reduce the membership
fee for young ladies from $5 to $3 per year.
* , , ail Changes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sep*t. 12.— An im
> portant change in the mail service will be
put into operation next Monday. From
that dale on, mail fur t-an Francisco will
leave East Berkeley at 7:45 a. m., instead
of 8:45. as at present; and the mail which
has been arriving at 1:45 p. m. will reach
Berkeley at 12:45. This latter change was
effected ho as to deliver the mail arriving
in the afternoon on the same day. i
•'»'-':;? - Severely Burned.
BERKELEY. Cat. , S«*pt. 12.— Miss Jo
sie Haine.-, who lives on Louisa street,
South Berkeley, was severely scalded
about her neck, shoulders, and hands this
morning by the overturning of a kettle of
boiling water. She was attempting to
"lift the vessel from the stove, when it over
turned and the contents were precipitated
on the young lady. The physician who
was called stated that while the wounds
are severe they are not dangerous.
1 Brief Xew« Item*.
BERKELEY, Cai.., Sept. 12.— Charles Keoler,
the Berkeley poet and superintendent of the
Unitarian Sunday-school, entertained the
pupils of the school this alternooh at his home
on Bridge road.
President Martin Kellogg of the State Uni
versity has invited the members of the faculty
and their wives 10 a reception at his home" on
Bushnell place next Tuesday evening.
Sixteen students will enter Dr. John Fryer's
course in the Mandarin dialect of the Chinese
language next Monday morning.
The thirtieth quarterly convention of the
Alameda county Christian Endeavor Union
was held jesterday afternoon and evening at
the First Presbyterian Church.
The Graduate Club of the State University
haß elected the follow ing officers for the ensri
iiiKterm: president, E. K. Prouty; secretary,
Mi-v Muriou Delany.
Rev. T. Lymnn Hood will preach to-morrow
mornhig at tlie West Berkeley Presbyterian
Church in place of Rev. James Hunter, who Is
to preach at Lorin.
Fred Champagne, of Dwight wny has an
nounced hi* readiness to accept the challenge
of H. 1). Frye for a four-round pugilistic bout,
and the preliminaries for tho match are ac
cordiugly oeing arranged.
MRCS FRITZE EVICTED.
Although Credits! With Riches Sfce
Sometimes Starved.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12— Mrs. Fritze,
who for a long time has been called the
miser of North Oakland, was ejected from
her premises to-day on a writ sworn to by
J. P. Danieron.
Mrs. Fritze is a well-known character in
this community and although she is bud
posed to be rich she declared to-day that
several times within the past lew years
she has been on the verge of starvation
and at the same time she has heard the
reports of ler wealth.
Mrs. Fritze declares she has been a
victim of misfortune all her life. About
twenty years ago she married Fritze. At
that time she had considerable ready
money, Fritze stayed with her long
enough to get possession ot it and then
skipped. If she owns a dollar she cer
tainly g:\ve no evidence of it to-day as she
stood on the sidewalk and gazed on her
worldly goods.
Acme Club Quarters.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sapt. 12.— Julius
Abrahamson, who purchased the property
at Thirt-enth and Clay streets, on which
the Jewish Synagogue formerly stood, has
offered to erecs thereon an attractive three
story building and rent the two upper
stories to the Acme Athletic Club for $200
a month. It is believed that the offer will
be accepted, as the club is very desirous of
securing permanent quarters. Plans are
now being prepared to be submitted to the
club.
FROM METHODIST
TO SOCIALIST
J. H. Femes to Tour North
ern California in a
Wagon.
CITY HALL PARK ORATOR
Became Famous Because of His
Opposition to Rev. Dr.
Dille.
FOF.MJRLY- A PROHIBITIONIST.
James Andrew, the Well-Known labor
Orator, Will Also Organ a
Wagon Lecture Tour.
Oakland Office San Fkancipco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 12. )
John H. Fones has turned Socialist
and Will leave shortly on an electioneer
ing tour of the northern part of the State.
The announcement reads:
During the coming week J. H. Fones, promi
nent in Oakland po.'itical circles, will leave
on a novel electioneering tour of Northern
California. He proposes to tour that end of
the state in a wagon, delivering lectures where
he thinks they will do the most good and
scattering socialist literature with a lavish
hand. James Andrews of Berkeley will leave
on a similar mission next week.
Mr. Fones is a politician of kaleido
scopic history, but although prominent in
Oakland political circles at one time, he
has not ben seen over here for several
months. It was not until to-day that he
was a socialist.
About a year ago Mr. Fones was an
ardent Prohibitionist. He was one of the
most regular orators who occupied the
bandstand in the City Hall Park, and he
dispensed prohibition with a liberal hand,
to the great amusement of his hearers. So
convinced was be that prohibition atone
could save the nation and emancipate
mankind that he turned author and wrote
several pamphlets to prove that he was
right.
Mr. Fones three years ago was an ardent
Methodist. He was one of the most de
vout of the worshipers at the First Metho
dist Church. This was during the pastor
ate of the Rev. E. R. Dille. Fones held
some minor official position in the church
and one day he issued a manifesto that
took all the members by surprise. He de
clared that th re was no Christianity in a
church that did not come out openly from
the pulpit and advocate prohibition. Mr.
Fones tried to induce Dr. Dille to join
politics with religion, but the Methodist
divine did not see the force of Mr. Fones'
argument and the polity of the church
was not changed. Air. Fones left and
gained considerable notoriety by preach
ing on the street. He was arrested occa
sionally and it was mainly because of his
street meetings that the present ordinance
was passed.
. "I am not surprised that Fones is a
socialist." said one of nis old church
mates to-day. "I think it would be a
arood thing for him to take a tour of
Northern California. When he returns
he will probably be converted to McKin
ley."
James Andrews of Berkeley is a man
who has long been identified as an active
worker in tue ranks of organized labor.
He is a very clear, logical talker and a
well-informed man.
PRIMARY CALL COMPLETE
Republicans to Select Delegates
to County and Assembly
District Conventions.
Committeeman Walsh Resigns After
He Has Limited the Polling
Piac s to One.
Oakland Office San Frakcibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 12. j
The Republican County Central Com
mittee met this afternoon with all mem
bers present and issued a call tor the pri
maries to be held throughout the county
next Saturday to seiect dei -gates to the
County convention to be held in Alaroeda
Monday, September 21, at 10 a. m., and
selecting election officers aud polling
lilaces for the flame. The test as to the
eligibility of voters in the call reads:
"I will support the nominees of the Re
publican party on November 3, 18a6, and
have not voted at any other time or place
this day."
It contains explicit explanations as to
the number of delegates to each ward and
precinct that should be selected for the
county convention, for one Senatorial dis
trict convention, six Assembly district
conventions, three Supervisorial conven
tions and also a city convention to nom
inate two Justices of the Peace.
The county convention will consist of
244 delegates, apportioned as follows:
Ftast Ward 14, Second Ward 19, Third
Ward 18, Fourth Ward 17, Fifth Ward 14.
Sixth Ward 12, Seventh Ward 21, Alameda
34, Brooklyn Township 11. Edtn 18, Oak
land 37, Murray 13, Washington 16.
The Seventh Senatorial District Conven
tion will consist of eighty-seven delegates.
The various Assembly District conven
tions will have the following number of
delegates: Forty-^ixth District 36, Forty
seventh District 56, Forty-eighth District
26, Forty-ninth District 37. Fiftieth Dis
trict 35. Fiftv-nrst District 52.
The First Supervisorial Convention will
consist of 29 delegates.
The Fourth Supervisorial Convention
will consist cf 65 delegates.
The Fifth Supervisorial Convention will
consist of 64 delegates.
Phil M. Wafsn, committeeman of the
First Ward, resumed, and George W.
Drake was -elected to till the vacancy. J.
H. W. Riley of Brooklyn Township was
selected as secretary, vice Walsh.
There is considerable adveise comment
at the action of Walsh fixing only one poll
ing place in the First Ward lor the pri
maries, as nearly 1000 votes were polled
there at the Congressional primary.
Chairman Mantalen tlid the same thing in
the Sixth Ward. This wili make it neces
sary to use a blanket ticket in these wards.
Tne Seventh Ward has five polling p.'aces
and Alameda four.
OUIRAM IS ABSENT.
The Defaulting Secretary's Home Goes
to the Sheriff.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Sheriff
has returned the summons in the suit by
Peter Thompson against' Edward P.
Ootram, to foreclose it mortgage on the
family residence, 1525 Franklin street, for
$29--2 80, indorsed: "I have been unable to
find E. P. Outram and 1 nm informed and
believe ho is out of the State.";
Outram baa been out of the State and
put of tne reach of the officers nnce he
leit here Biuldenh-, taking several thou
sand dollars of the funds of the Mountain
V lew Cemetery Association. He is sup
posed to bo in Canada. His wife and chil
dren were left without means and now
Judgment la default has been made and
they will have to give up tlie.r home.
TEEIR SIC ND VICTORY.
St. Marys Foot bull Teiim Defeated Per
. Rita Iliglt School.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 12.— second
football eleven, under the . guidance of
Manager Solen, scored their first victory
of the season by administering a defeat
to the Peralta High School boys on the
college campus to-day. The first half re
sulted in a touchdown for the St. Marys
boys, which was made by Donovan after a
hard struggle, but no goal was kicked.
The second half resulted in. two touch
downs for the college boys, and goals
kicked by Holmes. The leature of the
game was the excellent playing of Holmes,
who is a giant of strength in Limself.
Flood, the left half, displayed treat energy
and speed in covering ground during the
game.
. J. Flannagan, the captain and quarter,
showed considerable judgment in bundling
the ball. Cuneo and Aurrecoechea played
their positions well.
Foster and Brune of the Peralta team
played a hard tame, but their efforts were
not supported. The lineup was as follows :
St. Marys. Poslt'ous. . High Schools.
Hupbes .tenter coble ntz
ay wards • .... KiglM guard. X'helps
durrecoecbea. Lett guard A. Mugouu
) allahan Ulght tackle.: F. Wagon a
Bender Lett tackle Meihert
Cuneo ...;.......■ Right ci.d : Penute
Hull Lett end.... Beamer
FlaDoagao(CaptaiD)Quarter J. Magona
Donovan night half...Bruae (Captain)
Flood i er. hall ......Foster
Holmes. Fullback S baron
Score: 16-0. Goals kicked— Two by Holmes.
Umpire— F. trick.
BASE INGRATITUDE.
A Manipulator Takes Advantage of His
Friends.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— A warrant
was issued for T. E. Hughes to-day for
obtaining money from A. B. Pennington.
Hughes was once in San Quentin and
while there made a favorable impression
or. Mrs. Gove, a well-known philanthropist
who visits the penitentiary. When
Hughes was released Mrs. Gove showed
her confidence in him by recommending
him to people who could help him to start
airesh. One of these was Mr. Pennington,
and by representing that be was making
trades in pianos and organs Hughes ob
tained at different times sums amounting
to $310.
An investigation showed that Hughes
was not engaged in the piano and organ
tr.iae, and as lie cannot be found and has
not returned the money a warrant has
been issued.
Admission Day at Mill*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— Mills Col
lege was in holiday attire, with flags
flying, iestive decorations aud merry
music suited to the day.
At ftound of drum and bugle call the
Assembly Hall was tilled, and Miss Wit
tenmeyer read tne History of the early
days and of the struggles and successes of
the pioneers, illustrated by living pic
tures or tableaux of the various scenes re
lated in the story. An original 'Ode to
California 1 ' was sung, and "The Days of
'49," together with many patriotic songs
and recita I . ions.
Then followed tbegaladay procession, in
floats and on foot, in costume represent
ing "Liberty," "Minerva," "California"
and the '"Miners' Wives," trundling
wheelbarrows, all presided over Dy the
grand marshal, aided by a stunning drum
major and other officials.
Next was a uuiqu« "fan drill" on the
lawn, an "egg race," and lastly, the bi
cycle race around the beautiful circle.
The afternoon wj;s full of recreation,
and in the evening the grounds were il
luminated with ample lanterns, while the
whole school marched in display proces
sion with candles which glimmered amid
the foliage and decorated bicycles circled
round and round with their lanterns and
floral wreaths, etc.
Patriotism was rife and the sixty native
daughters in the college and other adopted
daughters entered heartily into the spirit
of the day. Many visitors were present.
numbing Matters.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— John All
man, who is haying trouble with the City
Council regarding a siuewalK at Vernon
Heights and in the Police Court for the
violation of city ordinances regarding the
same matter, has now run atoul of the
Board of Health, and unless he fixes the
plumbing in un eight-room tenement it
will be placarded as unfit ior habitation.
He is very angry and charges all the city
officials with conspiring to make him
trouble. His special spite, however, is
against Street Superintendent J. K. Mil
ler ana Sanitary Inspector Smith. He ac
cuses both of knowing nothing of their
business and of usine their offices to get
fees from those who are so unfortunate as
to fall in their power.
Death of Theodore Schnlte.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 12.— Theodore
Schuite, an old resident of Alameda
County, who died in San Francisco, was
an old settler. Mr. Schuite settled in San
Lsandro some years ago, he having pur
chased what was known as the Carroll
place on Hayward avenue. He farmed
there for some time, but with increasing
age and physical infirmities he decided to
take a much-needed rest, and after renting
his place he went to San Francisco to live.
To his old friends and neighbors the recol
lections of many neighborly acts and
deeds of kindness, coupled with an up
right, honest life, will ever surround the
name of Theodore Schuite with a halo of
pleasant memories.
At the Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— "The Iron
King," an intensely real and sensational
scenic melodrama, with William L. Rob
erts and Mbs Olive Martin in tue star
parts, supported by the Bacon Company,
wili be the bill at the Oakland Theater for
the week commencing Monday next. The
scenes portray the interior of a large
rolling-mill with practical machinery in
motion and a huge cupola, out of which
molten iron i? run into huge bars and the
same rolled into shape through immense
rollers. Bright dialogue and catcny
comedy blend the scenes into a clever bill.
Remains Unidentified.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— N0 one has
identified the man killed late last evening
at Shell Mound by the B rkeley local. The
letters on bis person signed A. W. Davis,
but not sealed or addressed, is all that
gives the least clew as to who he may be.
In it he says the fare home would be |60,
so it is possible that he is from tue Missis*
sippi River Valley.
Jewish Services
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— The Jewish
congregation v?hicti worships at the Betti
Jacob Synagogue on Harrison and Fourth
streets will dedicate a new holy scroll
presented to them by Mr. and Sirs. A.
Bercovich on their return from Europe.
The ceremony will be held at 2 p. m., and
will be conducted by Rabbi Levy and
Rabbi Lyn*er of San Francisco and Rabbi
Friadlander of this city and Cantors Sher
man and Willner of San Francisco.
The Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 12.— "Madame
Sans Gene" will be seen at the Mac
donougu T neater on the evening of Sep
tember 21st, 22d and 23d.
The sale of reserved seats will open on
Monday next at 9 a. m. Seats may be
secured in advance by letter or telephone.
Actor I.miilng still Absent.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Sept. 12— William
Lansing, the actor who was to have man
aged the entertainment on behalf of the
veterans' burial plat last Saturday, is still
missing. As told in Monday's Call, the
entertainment was not given on account
of Lansing's sudden disappearance the
night previous to the show. Several
people are anxious for Mr. Landing to
return, but even nis daughter doe 3 not
know where he went.
An Address to ThrosophUts.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 12.—TheTheoso
phisls will listen to an address on
•"Brotherhood"' to-morrow evening at 7:30
in Syndicate Hali, 681 Thirteenth street,
by Mrs. M. M. Thirds, the well-known San
Francisco lecturer and writer.
An X ror Abont Taxe«.
Alameda, Cal., September 12, 1896.
Editor Call: The statement of your Alameda
correspondent that taxes in that city will be
materially lowered this year by reason of
municipal ownership of its electnc-light plant
was bnseil on erroneous information. When
the City Trustees decided to enlarge the plant
for the pnrpoae, among other things, of In
creasing the income of the city from the sale
of incandescent lights, it was expected that
tho enlargement would be effected in time to
permit ot some of the benefit therefrom to ac
crue during the ensuing fiscal year.
Kut by reason of me delay of the improve
ments, caused byvex-uious injunction suits,
the city will not derive any financial advan
tage from the new plant until after the com
mencement of another fiscal year. While the
Trustees expect to be able to levy a lower rale
than whs levied last year (which was $1 '22 in
stead of $1 24) the lower rate will be aue to
causes otiiet than income from the electric
light plane Next year, however, it is ex
pected that a still further reduction can be
made as a result of municipal ownership.
BRAINAP.D C. BKOWM,
Secretary Municipal Ownership League of Ahk
meda.
PLEA FOR CHEAP LABOR
Collis P. Huntiflgtcn's Note to
the Foreign Commerce
Bureau.
The Writer Evidently Misunderstands
the Movement for Foreign
Trade.
The San Francisco Bureau of Commerce
two weeks ago mailed a communication
to members of the different commercial
organizations in this City, and to local
and Eastern capitalists having lar^e in
terests on tne Pacific Coast, asking for aid
in an effort to induce countries, particu
larly those bordering on the Pacific Ocean,
to trade with San Francisco.
This letter is signed by the Chamber of
Commerce, Board of Trade, Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association and ten
of the principal business firms inthaCity.
A lengthy reply has been received
from C. P. Huntington, in which the pres
ident of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company assures the bureau that he is
pleased to see a movement for the build
ing up of the foreign commerce of San
Francisco, but he doubts its success. Mr.
Huntington says:
To-day the population Of California ie, I sup
pose, something less than 1,300,000; yet she is
in my opinion entirely capable of .sustaining
25,000,000 of people. She has been unable to
draw within her borders the crowding masses
of good, thrifty colonists whom *ue lias tne
right, by reason of her natural advantages, to
expect; and the reason of this does not lie
alone in the distance of the State from tne
greater centers of business and civilization.
I am told that at the present time lands can
be purchased at figures that ought to be suffi
ciently attractive to induce settlers to improve
them. I believe there are fewer people in the
Sacramento Valley to-day, outside of the city
of Sacramento, than there were twenty-five
years ago, which is certainly signitiacnt of
something, and unless some measures can be
devised to dr-nv population to the Western
slope, particularly of California, J see very lit
tle use of bringing large amounts of foreign
goods to the ban Francisco market.
Then the writer speaks of the cheaper
rates by which foreign tonange can come
to the United States via the Suez canal and
over the Atlantic than by way of Ban
Francisco.
I would very much like to join in any move
ment which would tend, in my honest judg
ment, to »ett<e up the State of California, or to
build up important manufacturing interests
there; but goods cannot be manufdctured to
any considerable extent until her people
change tneir present attitude aud policy
toward legitimate enterprises. So long as the
f>olicy of California is to drive out the cheap
abor of the world the State cannot compete
Buccees fully with the East or with outside
countries.
Mr. Huntington is skeptical regarding
the ereen fruit shipments to outside mar
kets, but is enthusiastic over the dried and
preserved fruit industry. He writes:
There is no place in the world where men can
do better work than in San Francisco, nor
where the/ can live fairly well for a smaller
amount of money. I think if one was allowed
to get common labor in the cheapest market
tiie cheap libers of Eaxtern Asia could be
manufactured into woofs and cordage and
twine, and from California distributed and
marketed in any part of the world, and hold
their owe against any competition thai could
be brought against them.
The writer then says that the railroads
have been unjustly vilified and abused by
more than one of the journals in San
Francisco, and says that he cares "yery
little personally for such matters, " but he
thinks "it a suicidal policy on the part of
the people to countenance any newspaDer
whose course is opposed to the progress
of prosperity of the State, and is based on
motives discreditable to decency, morality
and humanity."
Mr. Huntington, after his plea for cheap
foreign labor and the products thereof,
says:
If we can do anything toward building up
the farming, industrial and commercial in
terests of California we shall be glad to do
continuing wort in that excellent direction,
as we have done heretofore. We shall be glad
to helD foreign commerce also wherever a
satisfactory war to do so can be shown; but
foreign commerce will come nearer taking
care of itself after the domestic interests of tne
State have been fostered and developed than
almost anything else will. I am, gentlemen,
sincerely yours, C. P. lluntimjton.
A CRAB-FISHER'S STORY
Coming Home From Sea in the
Early Morning He Saw
a Wreck.
It Was That of a Yacht on Her
Beam Ends With A.l Sails
Fu ly Set.
Last Friday morning between 3 and 4
o'clock C. Domingo, a crab-lisber, coming
home with two companions in his boat,
the Morning Star, states that he saw a
large sailboat or yacht floating on her
beam ends. The wreck, according to
Domingo's statement, was drifting be
tween the bell buoy and Point Bonita.
There was considerable of her port bilge
above the water and the vessel appeared
to be about 35 feet in length. The bottom
of the bull had a coat of copper paint and
the null itseif was painted white.
Domingo and his two men are positive
that some of her sails were set, as they
could see the end of the gaff with the cor
ner of a bit of ennvas swinging on the sur
face of the water.
It was no', liebt enough for them to dis
tinguish the rig of the derelict, but they
are satisfied that from her graceful lines
as showing above the water she was a
yacht. Sue was drifting vory fast in the
swift current.
Inquiry at the Merchants' Exchange and
along the water front failed to elicit any
information regarding a loss or the sailing
of any craft of that description. Whether
some vessel has gone adrift from her
moorings, or some pleasure yacht has been
capsized with all on board, could not be
learned last evening.
1516
GOLD DEMOCRATS
NAME ELECTORS
They Will Go Into the Cam
paign to Maintain an
Organization.
THEY WANT M'KINLEY
ELECTORS.
But They Look to the Control of
the Next National Con
vention.
BRYANISM SIMPLY MEANS
ANARCHY.
They Have No Doubt That Sound
Money Will Win in No
vember.
The Bound Money Democratic League
held an enthusiastic meeting in Assembly
Hall, Mills building, last evening, at
which it was not only determined that
electors should be nominated in accord
ance with the Indianapolis platform and
nominees, but they nominated those elec
tors. Following are the nominees:
Clay W. Taylor, Shasta County.
William F. Detert, Amador County.
James K. O'Brien, Tubs County.
John Rosenfeld, San Francisco.
John Heenan, San Francisco.
Charles Anderson, Santa Barbara.
John Roth, Tulare County.
J. J. Valentine, Alamedn County-
William J. Hunsacker, Los Angeleo.
Messrs. Jere Lynch, Elliott McAllister
and John Heenan were named as a com
mittee to notify the nominees and to at
tend to other business incident thereto.
The work of securing the signatures of
the three per cent of the total number of
tbe voters of the State— about 9000 in all
necessary under the law, to enable the
league to get the names on the voting
lists, will be pushed with vigor. President
Edward R. Taylor explained the necessity
of speedy action. •
Addresses were made by a number of
well-known and influential Democrats, the
discussion being provoked by a resolution
offered by Jere Lynch favoring the nomi
nation of electors.
E. B. Pond led away by opposing the
resolution. He said it was a big under
taking to put the nominees in the field.
He thought it was the duty of every Dem
ocrat who was opposed to anarchy and
Bryanism to vote for the man who could
defeai them — and that was William Mc-
Kiniey. For one he sail he favored that
cause rather than diverting votes into a
channel that served no real purpose. If
the league determined otherwise, however,
he would join with it in whatever in its
wisdom it undertook.
A. A. Watkins spoke in the same t a nor.
"I have asked a great many sound-money
Democrats what they think about it," he
said, "and they are all opposed to inde
pendent action. They think that they
should place their votes wiiere they will
do the most good. Tney think it a square
issue and that we should meet it
squarely."
John Heenan said: "I have been watch
ing events lately very closely. I have
been reading sixteen newspapers every
day and the information I gain makes me
certain of the election of McKiniey and
the defeat of Bryan whatever we may da
What is the purpose of this movement of
sound-money Democrats? It is to gain
control of the next National Democratic
convention. When Bryanism has been
defeated the sound-money men will stand
as tbe regular Democracy. I am, there
fore, in favor of placing a ticket in the
field and maiutainine an organization."
lsadore Jacobs said: "It is our pur
pose not only to maintain the integrity
of our party, but to tase votes away
from Bryan. By giving the old-line Dem
ocrats somebody to vote for we prevent
many who would refuse, perhaps, to vote
for McKiniey, casting their votes in pure
desperation for Bryan."
Secretary McAllister said that it ap
peared from the correspondence he had
received that there was a demand on the
part of Democrats in the interior "that we
should set up a ticket; they want some
one to vote for. The sound-money Demo
crats who have already made up their
minds to vote for McKiniey will vote for
him anyway, and a ticket should be sup
plied for those who have not so far made
up their minds."
Mr. Runcie said he aereed in this view.
The Democrats who have determined to
vote for McKiniey will still vote for him,
and a sound-money Democratic ticket will
afford a refuge for the other? and prevent
them from being swept off their feet at
the last minute.
Clay W. Taylor, who said he felt a little
delicacy in speaking here, as he had just
dropped in from Shasta County, made a
strong little speech alone the same lines.
He said that the Democratic party m Cali
fornia is full of men who are opposed to
supporting anarchy as it is represented by
Bryan, but there were many who might
hesitate to yote a Republican ticket.
These should be provided with a ticket
that would prevent their yielding to any
temptation to vote the Bryan ticket.
Crittenden Thornton, Richard Bayne,
Marcus Rosenthal, Jer»..Lynch and others
made speeches along the same lines.
Letters were read from a number of
sound-money Democrats from all parts of
the State.
The following, offered by Jere Lynch,
was adopted :
Retolvcd, That tne Bound Money Democratic
League of California forthwith nominate an
electoral ticket to be voted for at the election
of November 3, 1896, in support of the plat
form of the National Democratic party, edopted
at its convention at Indianapolis, and of the
no minces of that convention, General John M
Palmer and General Simon B. Buckner.
The following was also adopted:
Resolved, That the Sound Money Democratic
League of California hereby indorses and rati
fies the platform of the National Democratic
party adopted in the convention of September
13, 1896, at Indiai.apolis; that this league
recopi.izcs in that platform tne declarations
of true Democracy; the declarations of men
whose highest aim is their country's good;
ttie declarations that reaffirm the doctrines
taught by Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson
and Grover Cleveland, and thai remind us
that the Democratic party should always be
one to place principle above expediency.
The meeting adjourned to meet at the
call of the chair.
Kn Route to Loa Angeled.
John J. McCarthy, supposed to be the head
of the gans that attempted to rob the First Na
tional Bank of Los Angeles last June, it now
en his way to that city to be tried for the
crime. Detective Bradisn left the City Prison
with him in the patrol-wagon in time to catch
last evening's train. He was accompanied
across the bay by Detective Graham and Police
man Samuels. McCarthy was honored with
an Oregon boot as . a precaution against any
attempt to escape.
» » •
AN INJUNCTION ASKED.
The Merchants' Association Has Ap
pealed to the Board of Super
visors.
The resolutions recently passed by the
Merchants' Association in refer new to the
raise in property valuations by the State
Board of Equalization were transmitted
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday,
and were at once transmitted to City and
County Attorney Cresweil for an opinion
on the issues involved.
The association asks that the board take
all legal measures possible to prevent the
raise from beinp put into effect, and that
if possible an injunction be served on the
State Equalizers to prevent their action
from noiag into effect.
LECTURES IN FRENCH.
A Series of Five Under the Auspice* of
the Cbannmc Auxiliary.
Under the auspices of the Charming
Auxiliary a course of five French lectures
will be given in the parlors of the First
Unitarian Church, corner Geary and
Franklin streets, on successive Thursday
afternoons by Rev. Edward J. Dupuy from
Lycee Condorcet, gra uate of the Acade
mic de Paris, Universite de France. The
dates and subjects are as follows:
September 17, Rome de Zola et Saraclnesca
de Crawford; September 24, Idvlle Tragique
de Paul Bourgei; OctoDer 1. La Petite Paroisse,
Alphonse Baudet; October 8, les romanciers
francaise a sensation; October 15, Un Poete
deiicat, Jean Aicard.
Twenty-five cents will be the charge of
G. E D. DIAMOND, a Descendant of the Mayflower Party and a
Grandnephew of Ethan Allen. He Was Born in Plymouth,
Mass*, May J, 1796.
admission to a single lecture and $1, paii
in advance, will entitle to admission for
the entire course. Applicants should send
their names and addresses to Mrs. Orville
I). Baldwin, 3700 Washington street.
BUILDINGS TO BE RAZED
More Chinatown Structures Un
der the Ban of the
Health Board.
Accommodations for Insane Patients
to Be Furnished at
Once.
At its meeting yesterday the Board of
Health condemned and ordejed torn down
the following buildings that had been re
ported as a menace to the public health by
the Health Officer:
The three-story wooden building at 10
Brooklyn place, a one-story wooden struc
ture at 8 Card ali«y, the fvo-story wooden
building at 10 Card alley, the one-story
wooden building at 710 and 712 Stockion
street, the two-story wooden building at
325 and 327 Vallejo street, the two-story
wooden building at 801 Stockton street,
and tbe two-story wootien building at 928
Clay street.
A communication was received from the
agents of the owners of the Old Globe
Hotel, asking that the action of the board
be rescinded, in so far as the tearing out
of the interior is concerned. It was stated
that the place would be remodeled and
renovated. The board compromised by
ordering the inmates to vacate, but
simply closing the building instead of
tearing out the interior, as was intended.
J. H. Hollister of San Luis Obispo sent
an inquiry to the bourd as to whether
dairy products from herds in outside
counties that had not been subjected to
the tuberculin test would be excluded
from the City. He s»id a Government in
spector named J. C. Price was inspecting
herds in that county and be wanted to
know if his certificate would be accepted
Price is not known to the local board. The
communication was referred to the milk
committee of the board.
Superior Judge Hebbard appeared be
fore the board to urge that accommoda
tions be provided for insane patients in
tbe Receiving Hospital at once. He
wanted the $500 recently appropriated by
the Board of Supervisors spent at once
because he thought ihat if this fund was
judiciously expended the Supervisors
would be more wiiiinj to appropriate
more money.
The board took Judge Hebbard's view
of the matter and ordered that the im
provements be made at once.
SPECIAL MEETING.
The Board of Supervisors Will Consider
the Valuation Fixed by State
.Equalizers.
John A. Russell, Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, received a telephone message
yesterday from M yor Sutro, who is now
on bis ranch at Calistoga, instructing him
to call a special meeting of th« Board for
Monday to consider the action of th« State
Board of Equalization in raising the total
valuation of San Francisco 20 per cent
over the amount fixed by the local board
The Mayor will cut his vacation short
in order to preside over the session, and
will probably have more legal opinions to
advance to bear out his theory that the
State Board exceeded its authority in do
ing as it did.
AdcocK's fall opening, 1896, Wednesday
September 16, and following days. Latest im
portation of hate, bonnets, and novelties in
millinery, direct from Europe: prices mod
erate. 10 Zearny street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SUiTUMBER 13, 1896.
IN AN EARLY
FIRST O' MAY
An Old Man's Birth Twelve
Hundred and Four
Months Ago.
HE IS G. E. D. DIAMOND.
The Last Scion of an Illustrious
and Long-Lived American
Family.
IT CAME IN THE MAYFLOWER.
Continental Ethan Allen, the Hero
of Ticonderoga, Was One ot
That Race.
G. E. D. Diamond of 315J4 Ellis street
was born at Plymouth, Mass., May L At
first clance it appears that Mr. Diamond
is a very young traveler to have spanned
the continent from sea to sea in some
thing over four months, and yet th's tour
ist, albeit older and a little more worn
than on the day he started out, is seem
ingly fi'ted for more miles ana years and
is as sound as his mineral namesake.
But at a second and a closer glance
much over that time has gone by since
Mr. Diamond walked away from his
birthplace. Just 300 times four months
with over four months yet to add will
nearer mark the flight of time from that
lonp ago "first o1o 1 May." Washington
was going out of his second Presidential
term ana Tennessee was entering the
Union oi States. Tie name "Democrat"
had just been applied by the Federalists
to the Republican party as a term of con
tempt. The first census had been taken
and the subject of article was one of about
4.000,000, and by a coincidence the reve
nues of the young republic was about the
same number of dollars.
This is a leaf from the contemporaneous
history of G. E. D. Diamond's birth, over
1200 months ago.
in 1817, being just 21, be voted for
James Monroe, in 1825 for John Qtiincy
Adams, in 1829 for Jackson and in 1841 for
General Harrison. In 1889 he voted for
the second Harrison. He continued to
cast his ballot for victorious Presidential
candidates till he got down to 1860, when
hn voted for Breckinridjie. However, he
supported "Honest Abe" the next time, !
and"never ajrain failed to go to ihe polls
every fourth year with a Republican ticket
in his hand. Tiie next one will bear the
name of McKiniey.
Mr. Diamond was a scout and dispatch
bearer in Mexico during the invasion by
the Uni.ed States forces, and was attached
to both Scott's and Taylor's commands.
During tue rebellion be was Chief Govern
ment Agent, located at St. Louis. From
his remarkable resemblance to t.e noted
rebel guerrilla cuief. General Poindexter,
he was often taken for that much sought
for person. Once he was tired at by a
whole regiment of United States trooDs
from the distance of about 500 yarda. The
bullets spattered into the treetops above
his i). ad, and the leaves and twigs came
down on him in a shower.
•*1 didn't wait for the next volley," said
he, "nor to say good-by to my friends who
were banging away at roe, but p.unged
into the black-bass thicket in a hurry."
When asked to what he attributed his
longevity he stated that he never drank
intoxicating liquors nor used tobacco. He
does not drink tea nor coffee nor eat i
meat.
"l have always been well and strong,"
said he yesterday, "because I have lived
healthfully. I came from a temperate and
long-iived race. My father ilied in Ala- ■
bama at the age of 106 and my grand- j
father at considerable over luO years. I :
am well and 1 believe tha I shall mount
l«r up in my Becond century before I '<
round out my period."
The 100-year-old looks so hale and hearty
that one instinctively feels that he will
break the record of his race. The old man i
never married and thereby hangs a tale. !
He does not go into details. A romance I
of which he was a part lived and died in I
the dim long ago. There is a girl's grave I
under the dust of the years, and— and the
old man never married.
G. E. D. Diamond comes from no un
known stock, for his grandmother on his !
mother s side was one of the Cotton fam- I
ily of Mayflower and Massachusetts fame. I
Colonel Ethan Allen, who took Ticon
deroga and its 800 British soldiera with !
eighty men and by the "authority of Jeho
vah and the Continental Congress," was
his granduncle. Judge W. W. Allen and
a minister of the same name in this State
ar « related to the same family.
Mr. Diamond in now engaged in can
vassing for teveral books, one being the
life of William McKiniey, the comine
President of the United States.
Dimond Truat Suit.
Horace Q. Platt and B. P. Oliver, trustees of '
the fund established by W. H. Dimond for his
son, Edwin R. Dimond, and his daughters,
Eleanor 8. Jarboe and Mary Q. Tobln, have
brought a friendly suit against the executors
*U l £oo m ' of ' "• H. Dimond to. recover
General Dimond was himself trustee of the
luud for three years before his death and col
lected the amount of money sned f or from the
proceeds of the trust, but neulectea to deposit
it la bank in the name of the trust. As it was
mingled with his personal account it was
necessary to get an order of court to pay It.
CAUGHT ON THE WING.
Joseph Breeze Is Taken From High
l>ite and Will Be Sent Back to
England.
Secretary Charles P. Welch of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children has put a stop to the brilliant
career of Joseph Breeze, alias John Brown,
an English lad who was commencing a
gilded life in a Dupont-street resort.
Breeze, who is only 16 years old, deserted
from the British ship Afghanistan about
six weeks ago and hied himself to the de
lectable haunt already referred to. where,
under the able tuition of male and female
tutors, he was rapidly developing into
"one of de boys."
Oflicers McMurray and Holbrook ar
rested the youngster last night and Mr.
Welch had him placed in a private insti
tution for the time being. As soon as
possible the boy will be sent back to his
home in Liverpool.
GRUENBERG A BENEDICT.
Marriage of a Well-Known ITocal Cham-
pttgne Manufacturer.
The marriage of Arthur Gruenberg, gen
eral manager of the Golden Gate Cham
pagne Company, and Margot Heuerman,
which toot place a few days ago, has cre
ated quite a furor among the Jewish resi
dents of this City, and the young couple
nave been the recipients of many con
gratulations.
The handsome home that Mr. Gruen
berg furnished at 210 Douglas street pre
vious to the ceremony, before Judge
Gruezinger, has been the scene of many a
merry party since the marriage. The
groom is prominent in commercial circles
and his bride is also well known.
FLINT'S GREAT RECORD.
Nearly Half a Billion Letters
and Parcels Handled Dur
ing the Year.
Record of Clerks Is Oae Error in
Every Twenty Thousand Pack
ages Handled.
Superintendent Flint has made public
the work done in his division, the
eighth, during the fiscal year ending June
30 last. The lateness of the informa
tion does not in any way detract from its
importance and general usefulness.
The eighth division is composed of the
following States and Territories: Alaska,
Arizona, Idaho, California, Nevada, Ore
gon, Utah and Washington- During the
months ending June 30 mails were being
carried on 12,292 milea of railroad in this
division, postal clerks beii'g employed on
11,217 miles. The remainder, including
74.5 miles of electric lines, was covered by
means of closed pouche-s. The rolling
stock of railway postoffice iinee consisted
of thirty whole cars in use and three ia re
serve, ninety apartment cars in use and
twenty-five in reserve, making a total of
148 used in the division. These cars were
operated on sixty lines, 206 clerks being
employed in the distribution of the mails.
In addition to this there were nine
steamboat lines, employing ten clerks,
making 266 clerks at actual service. Those
at work on railroad lines traveled 8,446.564
miles, and those on steamboat lines 333,
-! 980 miles. Together they handled and dis
tributed 468,778,800 pieces of mail matter.
They also received, receipted for. recorded
and properly dispatch, d 752.301 registered
packages and cases and 79,873 through
registered pouches and sacks. Of tie total
number of pieces of mail matter bandied
468,778,800, only 24,523 errors were re
corded. From this it appears that for each
error made 19,115 letters and parcels were
correctly distributed.
During the fiscal year there were 485 ex
aminations by permanent clerks. At
the-e examinations 528.300 cards repre
senting letters were distributed; of these
523,208, or 99.03 per cent, were distributed
correctly.
There were 109 examinations of pro
bationary clerks, during which 80,228
cards were distributed ; 78,869, or 98.30 per
cent of which were handled correctly.
Combining these two classes, it is ascer
tained that the arirereaa.e number of ex
amination!) was 594; of cards handled
608,528, of which 602 077. or 98.93 per cent,
were distributed correctly.
_^\^ ' NEW to-pat.
SPECIAL
£f Overcoat Sale
/#k For Time Days
ll] r.l l\ \ We have about 350 of the
Ifl VI \ handsomest All-Wool Over-
Jl In k I coats to be had. All sizes,
In h v I I — * all colors, all lengths. Some
Iff I — worth $13.50; others $15 and
// I ! $18. They are made in
or/ / those rich shades of Blue,
I !• Black, Tan and Gray Ker-
\- J; 1 i p seys and Beavers. No need
, . .\T  to pay $13.50, $15 and $18
. . \ \ *, elsewhere for the same qual-
/ \\! £ ity ' but SAVE $5, $6.50 and
1 I \&^SsF- $9.50 on an overcoat during
•' €^o?^' ' our special sale.
SPECIAL SALE PRICE - $8,50.
WROTE BURNING
WORDS OF LOVE
Letters From Ferdinand E.
Parker to Margaret
Bryant.
LOVELORN BOOKKEEPER
He Swore She Was His Guiding
Star, His Own True Love,
His Darling Wife.
NOW HIS PASSION HAS COOLED.
She Swore to a Complaint Yesterday
Cbarsing Hm With Betrayal
Under Marriage Promise.
Margaret Bryant, a buxom coofc 29 years
of age, swor*» to a complaint in Judge Con
lan 's court yesterday charging Ferdinand
E. Parker with betrayal under promise of
marriage.
Parker is 33 years of age, living at 314
Sixth street, and is a bookkeeper for
Charles Mattheas, cigar manufacturer, 406
Sixth street. According to Miss Bryant,
she met Parker in November, 1893, and on
Christmas day that year be proposed mar
riage to her and she accepted him. On
April 3, 1894, they went to live together
without the formality of procuring a li
cense and being made man and wife by
the duly accredited authorities. They
continued in that relation until May lof
this year, and Parker was in the habit of
Introducing her as his wife.
On October 13, 1894, while she was away
from him, he wrote her a long letter,
which concluded as follows: "But, my
star is gone from me forever; aye, for
evermore, I feel. I shall perhaps see you
no more; it makes me weep to think; it
breaks my heart; a thousand kisses to
you, my own, my love, my darling wife.
(Signed) Ferdie."
In another letter he wrote: "You are
gone away, far away, but the memory of
your sweet smile still lingers with me. I
wish I could see you again and again and
again, to hold you in my arms, to kiss
you, to caress you and to tell you how
much I love you. But, why, oh, why,
should I tell you this, when you do not
love me? Your Ferdie."
They bad their usual tiffs and she
would leave him for a time. Parker on
these occasions sent her letters couched
in the most endearing and impassioned
terms. These letters she lias kept, and
they will be produced in court.
These a:e samples of the burning words
of love breathed in his letters to her. He
wrote of her swan-like neck, her beautiful
eyes, her rosy month, her lips sweeter
than honey and other enamored explfes
sions that would have melted the heart
even of a D.anx.
Ferdinand's iove began to grow colder
and colder and final yon May 1 he told her
they must part forever. Ueleft her, but she
waited patiently in the hope that his love
for her would return and he would fulfill
his promise to marry her, but she waited
in vain and yesterday morning she swore
to a warrant for i is arrest.
Parker was arrested last evening by
Officer W. T. Cooney and detained at the
Southern police station. He refused to
discuss the case which culminated in his
arrest, preferring to remain silent and
brood over his troubles.
Park Music To-Day.
The following attractive programme has
been arranged for the open-air concert in
Golden Gate Park to-day:
'Festival Marche" Labit
Overture, "Phedre" Massenet
Selection, "Les ■ locties de Cornevllle". Plauquette
I'unmsifl, "X ta, Valse Kspai;nole" Pares
• 1« Cld. Kmr'acte et Airs de Ballet" Massenet
Ov nure. "Z impii" Herold
"Suite Algerienne, So. 3, Reverie dv Solr
Ht. Saens
1 PHttrouille Francaise" Gmsser
"Le Kils ac Porthos, Defile" Senee
NEW TO-DAT-DHT GOODS.
SPECIAL
SALE
op . —
DRAPERY
SILKS!
Commencing Monday, September 14th,
we will place on sale a special purchase of
SIX CASES (23,000 yards) 32-INCH FINE
PRINTED DRAPERY SILKS, all the latest
designs and colorings, at prices that have
never been equaled in this city.
15,000 yards 32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY
SILKS, 40 different designs and colorings,
Price 25c a Yard.
Hi fiiUD £jb a miiii
8,000 yards '32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY
SILKS, 32 different designs and colorings,
Price 30c a Yard.
The particular attention of our regular
patrons is directed to this sale.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BEAUTIFUL BOOK MAILED FREE!
3 The symptoms of prolapsus are dragging or bearini?-down pains in lower part of the back, tender-
ness over the abdomen and feeling of fur ness in the vagina, irritation of the bladder, difficulty in.
walking, always painful and sometimes profuse menstruation.' Where the ut rus protrudes or hanirs
very low there is also ronsti- "a pation and the ligaments and
muscles are always distress- "*'swM*i ' lngly relaxed. It is also the
cause of headache, dizziness, «^t"-4v?'s'i neuralgia, palpi ion of the
henrt, extreme* nervousness vPilmM' -•» and general exhaustion.
Doctors have utterly failed .» ~!F\*T?&.4gisHst L to cure this drer/led com plaint.
Their treatment as a rule o ly ■■'£^LSt}VV,JsS*#£>C aggravated, especially ii pes-
sarit.3 and supporters are used. '?f&T&^^&s!£'>
g-\ pj I •-»-• » I^^^ Thousands of women are
1 I /\ •'SJFJm. V dragging out an existence
_ ... , ff*?o?t?iv \ worse than death who, if they
Is the only known remedy KiSs, /5 would only use
that has yet been found to ;ib- Ilgl|| *"?£ PS
solutel.v and permanently cure HBtgft <» ~\ CACDIT A
this complaint. IBS TpSft ■ -'■■ | 1I J\
ft i i rrnr '*~«tV could be made healthy and
\j tl<ZI?. t^&L I enjoy all the pleasures of life.
An accidental fall, taking I^3* ■~~^*S l aP^'^
cold; near the menstrual ne- I~S>. — a* . au-vn win
riod or a lacerated cervix .^-^rSv ~^ BEND JfOK
will cause the organ to become — ■ ""V^YiV* 1 «-*£*«•» •-••■■• __..-,_ nnATT
irritated anuswol»-n. with the , //I\u ' , W 'TsT S^££ HEAITH RflllK
r. suit that the i.erv . s are so i. - "^ S'\ \ \:.* \V iKS? OuHLIQ DV/UlV*
unstrung tha: a woman is un- "fc Vu »v» tv^£^"si^-*
fitted for all her duties. .'.-■' .■ " v *->"«^» MAILED FREE.
sospita oo:M:p.A.2sr"y,
y;.?/ :-• 417-499 PAHROT» BUILIUNO.. SAN HKANCISCO. ,
ONE THOUSAND BIRDS!
fc-^ s=tS **' i'M& /pi
German Canaries, Fas' em Bobolinks
and Panama Talking Parrots
'just .A.n.:rt3rvja:D s
A. C. RC>BISON,
Dealer In Birds and Animals,
337 KEARSY ST. AND 1017 MARKET
/£4RNYS»
TS THE VERY BEST < NX TO EXAMINE
1 your yes and tit them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses wi.h Instruments of his oven invention
who if superiority has not been equaled. aiy suc-
cess has been due to tue merits of iky wort.
ufllce Hours— vt to 4 p. m.
DR. : O-TT-Sr ■'■ . «_j -^
HER» PHYSICIAN of the v-^TT^V
FLOW. KINGDOM. ift^^Sk
HE I-> Ul- G KKAT KM I- WJ&^IMsSS&iA
nence and learning, I^^»^*^^fc3
having long experience la W^
the Imperial Hospitals of ' f _^
China. He has practiced J ' *"^ f^ .
his profession In America f\ "***• <^ik" m
for 15 years and cured thou- VI -A j.
sands of sick and afflicted. TV - 'Sj) ff
He guarantees a cure of ail \ . . m*. /
diseases of men, women V •■• - I
and children where cure is m\* j(
possible. No matter If oth- -A* -«*»««^rk
era have fail»d to cure you
try DR. GUY. Everybody SH'^Sb^^
invited to call. Corisulta- ~*V\^l^^
Wa^hTnXna^a^on. 1 * E ***V beU
OOSMOPOIjIT A.3VT.
Fra^c!icn U f'- ?' nt> 10 ° " n<l H>* "«!>«.. Hao
th^£» W) 'o' al ;T The most Belect 'MiU'' hotel lii
UnS'-EE ?°"J in 8 t°, room. Meals 25a Kooms 50a
EEL *£*' Free coach to a nd from the howL
i if^l, or th « «>»«* bearing the name of the Co*
I J««»ouun Hotol. Wit JfiULBY, Proprietor i
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
|^1 $1.60.
BIG
CUT
IN
DOUGLAS
SHOES.
That high fence interferes with our trade. No
one can deny it. . It hurts us, and we have to sell
cheap to do business. This week we will sell
Douglas' Boys' and Youths 1 Button or l.ace Shoes
below cost. Almost Riving them away. Special
price $1. 60, reduced from $2. Sizes In Bn ion
«hoesfrom 11 to 5%; sizes in Lace Shoes from
11 10 41/2-
SPEClAli— Ladles' Don cola Kid Oxfords, square
orpoin ed toes and V shaped patent leather tip*.
solid wearers, sizes 2% to 6, reduced for this weeJC
from 81.50 to 750. Every pair guaranteed.
jers~ Country orders solicited.
MST Send for .New Illustrated Catalog*
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street, San Franclico,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.—
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & O(X
■ European plan. Uooms 50a to »1 50 per day, si
I to *» per week. «8 to 830 per month; tree bath*:
I hot and cold water every room; lira crata* i*
I •Y«rjr room; eievaiot xuiu ftiinigbt, "•*"'*•THE ADVENTURES OF A SAN FRANCISCO MERCHANT
To be mobbed at Jaffa on the way to Jerusalem; to be swindled by
the king of all the gypsfoa In Spain; to attend a series of bull-fights at
id S . U f ToUnded b y Spanish grandees and Spanish cigarette-smoking
. *' * Dlle ( tue general environments were reminiscent of" a production
oi carmen on a prodi.-ious scale; to stand on the hill of the Alhambra
and gaze on the Bierm Nevada, rising above the beautiful orange groves
unaer their protection; to attend mass celebrated by the Pope in the Sis
tine Chapel in the Vatican on Easter day; to see the Sultan of Turkey go
iorth on a great occasion from his palace to the mosque on the day when
ac toot his forty-second wife; to find the cruiser Charleston in the Medi
terranean, off the African coast, and to be received with an American wel
come and then to go sailing away at night, while the masts and spars of
t, T e . cc ™ lser were a ? low with electric lights and over the waves sounded
ltio btar-spangled Banner" and "Home, Sweet Home."
These were some of the adventures and experiences which attended
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot of this City during their year of touring
through Europe, Asia aud Africa; but these were not all. They saw
where the industry and enterprise of a Californian is unearthing the
luuuuauons ot mat patient old Sphinx, which has set its im
placable stone face for centuries in a haughty stare above the
engulfing wastes of sand, which have sought to bury it. They
met the Crown Prince of Greece and saw him ride to superin
tend the reconstruction of the Stadium for the revival of the an
cient Olympian games, talked with him in English and observed
now differently he moved from the ancients, for he was on a
modern "bite," which he propelled in a way that might have
astonished Agamennom and would have puzzled Aristotle.
They were chased through the streets of the international
exposition at Berlin by an inquisitive and hysterical throng of
sightseers as they rode on donkey? from Cairo, which were lashed
to their fullest speed by black Egyptian boys. They walked
through the catacombs at Palermo, and as the flickerine lights
of the tapers which they carried in their hands nickered across
the grinning skulls and fleshless bones of thousands they real
ized how weird is that strange and uncanny scene which has
been often described.
As they sailed through the Bosphorus, which connects the
BiacK Sea with the Sea of Marmora, suddenly there flashed from
the root and all the windows of the American college American
nags, which, like the flag made famous by the story of "Barbara
Iritchie," were waved "with right good will" by the students in
the college, and a band in that far-away place played National
American airs, which were responded to by the band on the deck
of the steamer Fuerst Bismarck, on which they were passengers.
They became well acquainted with Arabs Egyptian?, Turks and
many others of different nationalities, and clasped hands with
glee with black donkey-boys for the sake of old acquaintance.
One year they journeyed, seeing strange and interesting sights
and meeting with odd experiences. Their traveling companions
were Peter Spreckels and his wife and daughter. Peter Spreckels
is an old Caiifornian and is now a banker at Dresden. He is a
brother of Claus Spreckels.
"I will not describe to you scenes which are in the beaten
travel routes," said Mr. Payot, when he was requested to tell of
his an<l Mrs. Payot's experiences abroad. "Perhaps there are
enough odd things to interest and amuse you. Mrs. Payot and
myself went away just about one year ago, traveling overland
with Oakland Commandery. We were gone, in fact, just two
weeks short of one year. We visited all the well-known points
of interest in Europe, and also traveled along the African coast
of the Mediterranean and went into Asia Minor. We took a
steamer at Genoa for Gibraltar and went through there and then
went up to the Alhambra. We traveled enough in Spain to see
for ours&ives that the Moorish civilization has left its impress
all over the country. Of course the Alhambra is beyond descrip
tion. The Spaniards say that Christopher Columbus discovered
America and that Washington Irving discovered the Alhambra.
We were shown the room in which Washington Irving stopped.
We saw the progress of restoration of the Alhambra which is
eoing on at Government expense. That progress is at a snail's
pace. They will do about as much in one year as would be ac
complished in this country in one week.
"Turning from the beauty and grandeur of the Alhambra,
with its lacework and coloring of red. blue and gold, aud looking
toward the Sierra Nevadas with orange groves at their feet, we
went down to the headquarters of the pypsies. Spain is the
stronghold of the nomads. As we came up we saw the king of
the gypsies.
"He is a swarthy, medium-sized man who was gorgeously
dressed. He bad in his righj hand a staff, ana with this he
struck an attitude. His right arm was extended with
a proud gesture. His left foot was thrown out in front.
Altogether his appearance was quite striking and the onini-
HateJ might and naturally would suppose that he was a person of consid
erable consequence. But all that he want- i 8 a fee. He is on the lookout
for tourists and he has his picture to sell. It one ol the party buys one
every member of the party must do so.
"As we went toward the heart of the gypsy quarter it seemed as if
the earth must have opened and vomited up beggars, large and small
men, women and children. They seized our horses and even jumped into
our carriage. They ran after us witu astonishing speed and endurance,
even children. It was a marvel to us how they could keep it up. The
girls and boys were barefooted and half dressed only. The little children
had nothing on them. Now for a eenuine gypsy dance. We were told
of beautiful girls and graceful movements. Wnat we really saw was an
IF LI HUNG CHANG
CAME TO SAN FRANCISCO
The living interrogation point who has
been rendering the great men of Europe
and America ill at ease wherever he has
come in contact with them by asking a
multitude of pertinent questions and keep
ing mum as an oyster on subjects which
those great men would gladly bear him
dilate upon, in fact the personal repre
sentative of the Chinese' Emperor, Li
Hung Chang, has concluded to deny him
self the pleasure of feasting his eyes on
the Western gateway of conrmerce; to
dejy himself, furthermore, the means of
enlightening himself as to the condition
of the members of hid race in their most
populous New World colony. There may
be reasons other than those advanced by
the secretary of the "Chinese Bismarck"'
for giving San Francisco the go-by — that
it would fatigue the Viceroy and imperil
his health to be besieged by supplicating
Celestials who have been legislated against
and not treated by Americans as the
equals Of European foreigners. Li Hung
Chang is not loved by the coolies, who
claim that he has amassed his stupendous
fortune at the expense of the manhood of
China; tflat he is the cause of the slaugh
ter of Chinese armies by supplying the
soldiers of the empire with condemned
arms, making fortunes in their purchase
frcm nations which bad cast them aside,
and then sending out the coolies to meet
iren with modern rifles in their hands.
These things and more the Chinese har
bor against the Viceroy. It is quite
probable that Li Hung Chang is afraid to
trust his iife among the cooly class, and
he cannot be blamed for not wanting to
visit the city in America where that class
is most numerous. But if Li Hung Chang
did come to San Francisco he would
doubtless steer clear of Chinatown with
out a very strong guard around his
person.
If he came to San Francisco he would be
received with pomp by the municipal and
military authorities and a -committee of
the Chamber of Commerce, and conducted
to a carriage drawn by four splendid
horses and conveyed up MarKet street to
his hotel. He would peer out of the car
riage and immediately begin to nnload bis
questions. He would catch a glimpse of
the gaudy banner lately stretched across
ihe street.
"Is it for me they hang out the colors?"
he would inquire.
"Ti.at's the Bryan banner," somebody
wouia say.
"And who can he be?"
"Candidate of a faction of the Demo
cratic party for President."
"President of California?"
"No, of the Nation."
"Ah, strange I did not hear of him in
the East. Everybody there speaks about
Mr. McKinley. He is not yet your Presi
dent?"
JMr. ar\d JMrs. Jlenry Payot of Tkis City ar\d Mr. and Mrs. Peter SprecUels ar\d JMiss
Spreckels of Berlin, as Photographed at the Base of the Sphinx in Egypt.
"No, he goes in next March."
The Earl would wonder what caused the
jolting of his carriage and wnuld take a
look at the cobblestones.
"Very busy people you Californians
are," he would observe. "So much you
rush that no time you find to remove the
stones from the street. Why should you
not stop a while, and by securing smooth
streets facilitate travel ai.d traffic? I see
many two-wheeled machines being ridden
by your people. Those machines must be
calculated for better pavem nts than this.
Are all your streets like the one we are
driving on?"
"Oh, no. We have a couple of the best
paved streets in the world."
"Only a couple?" I
"Ye.«, for a start-M
er."
"It is too bad youM
did not finish beforeH
I came. My bones arcH
Old and car not stand!
much shaking."
In admiration ofH
the tall towers andH
steeples and great or-l
namental windows 1 I
might exclaim, afterl
learning the charac-B
ter of those arcbi-H
tectnral idles: "SuchM
fine churches! Imar-M
Tel why your mis-B
I sionaries would not I
' choose to remain here I
for the purpose of I
| saving tbeir own peo- 1
! Die. Can It be that I
there is do work for I
them hpre? Possibly B
the rich builditi-sB
have not sufficient I
room for them all. I
However, I am in- 1
formed that mission- 1
aries, as a rule, live I
much longer in this I
country than in Asia. I
But what does that
troop mean, with drumsandflagsT'^^H
"That is the Salvation Army."
"Can it be that there is some war going
on near by?" \ •
The Viceroy's excited interest is soothed
and satisfied, and he smilingly remarks:
"If there is bo much work of this kind to
do at home, you should appeal to your
m ssionaries to come back from the Orient
for the benefit of all concerned." '
After a night's res! he would be escorted
into the presence of the head of the muni
cipalit . \ -~ .
"Ah, do I behold the Mayor?"
"The same, your Excellency," his
Honor might reply ; while one of the com
mitteemen might add: "Builder of Sutrb
tunnel, owner of the Cliff House and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
IN EUROPE, ASIA AND AFRICA
ordinary Spanish dance by ngly, fat women. There were none of the
beautiful costumes or beautiful women which had been promised. The
dancers are really fat, lazy girls. We paid a fee to go in and then they
wanted more money. Part of the dancing was a bad imitation of the
muscle dance and it was vulgar without being graceful. I will confess
that I went away with the feeling thut I had been done no.
"We went to Seville of course, the heart of Andalusia, where are
found the true types of Spaniards. How they can handle those great
cloaks! We saw the narrow tortuous streets and walked along the main
street, which is so narrow that it is called 'the snake. The Alcazar was
the main attraction for us, with its story added above the old structure
for the accommodation of the King and Queen when they visit the town.
In the Alcazar yard Mrs. Payot and the remainder of our party had some
fun oat of the invention of 'Peter the Cruel. In the middle of the stones
over which we walked were jets. Here Peter the Cruel invited the grand
lariies in their fine dresses on a special occasion. Suddenly from the pave
ment arose thousands of jets of water, which deluged them and their
finery. There are between 2000 and 3000 of these jets I should think and
the water is thrown up two feet. The gentlemen of our party were asked
whether we wanted the joke played on us and we said yes. The ladies
were surprised sure enough. We were all there to make the fun complete.
The jets were turned on and turned right off again. When we looked
down from above and had the jets flow the si-ht wa» striking— like thou
sands of fountains playing and splash ins at once. We saw Cordova and
went into the mosque, which has four hundred and sixty-seven of
uncompromising foe of the octopus."
"Yes, yes," Li would say. "Then you
must be the richest man in California."
"I dare not confers how poor I am."
"What? So great a man, in such high
position and still in poverty? America is
certainly a iunny country. What do you
call this magnificent domain?"
"Sutro Heights."
"And do you not own all these lands?"
"That is the general belief."
"Then what makes you poor?"
"Taxes."
"That is wrong. Those wbo povern
should receive tribute from the governed.
Taxes should make you rich. 1 '
The party was taken to the summit of
What Might Happen at Sutro Heights if Li Hun* Chang Came to San Francisco
Butro Heights, where so many famous peo
ple have stood alon-side of the proud
owner while t!:e camera artist caught the
group, as per contract.
Suddenly Li Hung Chang's guards, it
may be imagined, would close around him
and the great Chinaman would be discov
ered shivering ana shaking with a dread
inexplicable to the Mayor.
•'Why have you lured me here?" Li
might demand. "Look there!" Ana all
this while he would be making a desperate
endeavor to get out of the range of a cam
era thai a determined kodaker is aiming
at Li and the Mayor.
The latter, it may be supposed, would
in such an emergency grab the Earl by
one of his flowing green silk sleeves and I
the beaut ; fully carved Moorish columns, of wbich there are not two alike.
"At Madrid we saw several Dull-fights. I shall never forget that sight.
I had often wondered how bull-fighting could be a national amusement.
The bull-ring was in the Plaza de Toros, which is about the size of the
City Hall. The amphitheater, which will hold about 20,000, was packed,
and there was as much dress there as there is at the Baldwin Theater on a
first night. Nearly all the fash onable la iies were smoking ciearettes, and
were in full dress. Bull-fighting has cruel features, but the real cruelty is
not to the bulls but to the horses, as far as I could see. The bulls "are
dispatchea not much differently from what they would be at the slaughter
house. We Baw four bull-fights, and they all terminated in the same way.
The horses upon which the bull- fighters rode were ripped open by the
bulls every time. Around the ring went one horse stepping upon his own
entrails, and on his back was the rider. The bull gored the horse the
second time and he tell, but was not killed, and as he lay on the ground
the bull attacked him the third time. The horses were led in blindfolded.
The horns of the bulls were sharpened like needles. The scene was like
one from the opera of 'Carmen,' but on a very large scale, of course.
"After the bull-fighting, and as the handsomely dressed crowd was
riding away, I noticed something odd wbich I have never seen described
in print. Here and there, scattered along the streets of that great city,
were flocks of goats, from twenty to fifty goats in a flock. Each flock was
in charge of one or more persons, men or women, who were calling milfc
for sale.
"People came from the houses with pails, bowls or other receptacles.
haul him back again, the while he quieted
the misgivings of the famous Mongolian
by explaining that all great mt»n who vis
ited the Heights went through a similar
! programme — that of being photographed
lat Sutro's side. The kingpin Mandarin
I would then compose bis features, even in
! dining to a smile, and, with the Mayor
gripping his arm, permit himself to be
added to the list of Sutrofadical victims.
Just prior to the departure of the China
bound steamship, as a matter of course,
Li Hung Ciang would hay« to be inter
viewed a 9 to his impressions of this coun
try. The result would be as follows:
"What do I think? This is a great
country. You have fast railroads, tall
houses, wonder. ul inventions."
"How do we compare with European
countries?'
"You compare with any of them. Ail
I have seen of ih<-m are great."
"Have you concluded to place any or
ders lor ships in thi-» country?"
"You build fine ships. We sn-»li think
abou: it."
"England will probably construct some
for the Caiuese empire, will she not? "
"Probably."
"Have you accomplished to your entire
satisfaction the object oi your long tour?"
"Assuredly, yes."
'•Woull you kin Hy state that object?"
"Certainly. To see and learn."
"What strikes you as the most remark
able thing you have observed while in the
United States?'
"The nerve of the reporters."
'•Will yuu import any of it to China?"
"Ah, no. China does not court revolu
tions, and Li Hung Chang is disposed for
the present to remain Li Hung Chang,
wiih the peacock feather and the yellow
jacket. Good-Dy."
HOW A PAIR OF DIAMONDS
REPRODUCED THEIR KIND
The power to develop and grow and re-
J produce tneir kind is not limited to the
; vegetable and human kingdoms. There
; are many phenomena which go to show
that even in the mineral kingdom the
selective faculty resides, and that this ex
tends to the point of the generation of
mineral offspring.
Minerals grow! You as*, how? In re
ply I a.,* you to teil me, bow do plants
| grow? H>w does the acorn develop into
i the oak? Botany has nu rely recorded the
fact that tiie acorn does produce the oak,
but has never explained the reason why.
! The reason is that in the acorn there is
stored a certain volume of life energy.
Under favorable circumstances this ex-
pands and draws from the soil and air the
various elements it needs for its complete
expression as a tree. The character of
life force in the acorn aiffers only in de
gree from that which exists in the ele
ments it draws to itself for sustenance,
anil the iife of the seed may be compared
to positive electricity which unites with
the negative electricity which permeates
the soil and air, the union resulting in the
production of the tree.
Were there not life latent in the soil,
water and air, ti e seed could not germi
nate. The fact that it does do so proves
that it has drawn more life to itself from*
the storehouses of nature.
Admitting then, as one mast, that life is
inherent in everything and only needs to
'How much milt do you want?' asked the goat-driver. Receiving ak
answer, a coat was milked then and there in the presence of the purchase,
of the milk. There would be no us* for Milk Inspector Dockery on that
plan. Yon can see how odd the transaction appeared for a city by imagin
ing herds of poats or cows driven through the principal streets of San
Francisco and milked while you wait.
'"We saw Algiers. Cariosity lei me to see the muscle-dance there. The
woman dancer is about 30 years old. Sue is really very beautiful in face
and figure. She will not dance for less than $50 for a performance. She
danced no better than Bella Baya danced at the Midwinter Fair, but she
is very handsome. Tunis we saw and went to Malta, visiting thecathedrai
at the latter place, w here the tombs of the knights are the flooring, and we
walked over the coats-of-arms. Going to Alexandria and up the Nile we
found time to look at the excavations which George E. Raara, a Cali*
fornian, is conducting about the Sphinx. We did not know then that he
was a Californian. He had about 200 hoy 3at wort. The day we were
there -.he sand seemed to blow back as fast as it was dug out. ' We were
quarantined from Cairo, and so we went no to Bevrout. where we lav in
quarantine rive days. Peter Spreckels said that he was familiar
with Switzerland, but that he had never enjoyed such a si ht as
we had there. The long range of the Letanon Mountains was
covered witn snow. Every ni^ht the Alpine glow was on the
mountains. Just over beyond the mountains lies Damascus.
After we were released from quarantine we went to Jaffa to go
to Jerusalem. There were 3UO passengers to land there. We
were fairly mobbed by the beggars at Jaffa. I thought that they
would tear my skin off. The guides, runners and beggars all
stood in together and made common cause against our persons.
The mob stayed with us for a quarter of a mile until we reached
a place ot shelter. That demonstration was awful.
"At Smyrna we found the United States ship Charleston.
We were sailing on the Fuerst Bismarck, and of the 300 passen
gers on that steamer 250 were Americans. While we were at
Smyrna our launch and the launch of the Charleston were on the
move all the time. We were welcomed most heartily, and as
we knew some of the officers it was a very pleasant meeting.
The Charleston was a beautiful sight— snowy white and kept in
fine tnm. The officers were very proud ol the silver service
Which was given to the ship by the merchants of San Fran
cisco, and they showed this to all visitors. When the time came
for us to go away, which was at night, the Charleston was illu
minated at every place where an electric light would stick.
Two searchlights were also in use on the cruiser. As we passed
around the Charleston on our way the bands on both ships
played National melodies and the searchlights were on us until
we were miles away. It is a great pleasure to see the American
flag abroad and a greater pleasure to see so many Americans.
"From Smyrna we went through the Busphorus into the
Black Sea. Coming back, after we had turned, we came by an
American college. Every window and the rooftop of the college
were manned by students wbo waved flags. Students who could
not get flags waved sheets. Our band played and the students,
band responded with American melodies.
"When we next came to anchor it was opposite the Sultan's
palace at Constantinople. an<l we were distant not more than a
pistol suot from the pal?ce. It was the month of fast, and on
the last day the Sultan took a new wife, who we are told was his
forty-second wife. We went to see the Sultan pass that day
from the palace to the great kiosk, that boin_' a special occasion.
He is not allowed to walk at such a time upon European soil, and
the road from the palace to the kiosk was covereu with earth
which had been brought over irom Asia lor the occasion. Tea
thousand Turkish troops were there. The road was lined all
the way with bands of music. The Embassadors and others
were in glittering apparel. The Sultan went to the kiosk in
a carriage accompanied by o=man Pasha, the hero of Pievna.
The Sultan was as white as any of us, and looked lUe a Euro
pean and not at all like a Turfc. He did not seem robust.
When he came back to the palace he was on a white horse, ac
cording to custom. The Sultan wears a biack beard. He is an
ordinary sized man.
"In Athens we saw the Crown Prince. He was coming
from the Acropolis and going toward the Stadium. That was
just before the Olympian games. The Crown Prince had the
work of restoring the Stadium in his care. He rode along beside
us, knowing that we were tourists, and talked with us in Eng
lish, which he speaks well. He was proceeding to the ancient
amphitheater of classic sports on an up-to-date bicycle. He
talked freely with the workmen, and it was clear to se e
that they all liked him. Good fortune gave the five
in our immediate party tickets to the private mass cele-
brated by the Pope in the bistine Chapel in the Vatican on
Easter. The Pope said the mass himself. He was brought in upon
a throne by eight men. After the Pope had said mass a Card-nal came and
repeated the mass for the benefit of the Pope, and the Pope knelt all the
time, and communion was personally administered by the Pope. He then
received from twenty to thirty specially favored persons. We were not re
ceived. The Pope was dressed in white. After the ceremonies he was
taken back on his. throne down the entire length of the ohurch, and he
blessed the people. His smile is beautiful — just as you see it pictured —
and his face looked very kind.
"We considered ourselves very lucky m Deing privileged to witness this
most solemn and impressive ceremony. All told, our journey was highly
agreeable, and I feel much younger and stronger for the long vacation."
be called into action, it, is but a step to the
further admission that this life might
possibly be awakened in the mineral king
dem itseif.
It is admitted by science that "sex"
exists in the vegetable world, though the
word is really a misnomer when applied
below the animal an 1 human kingdoms.
And the same correspondence appears in
the case of minerals. Tins may best be
described as positive and negative mag
netic forces. As each variety of plant and
vegetable is said to include both of the
"sexes," si'-calied, so in every varie'y of
mineral these two co-ordinating forces
may be discovered.
We are prone to limit "magnetism" in
minerals to the com-
monly known ma:
netic ores, but it is
al^o true that there
are phases of mag
netism especially re
lated to every min
eral substance, each
of these phases bein.'
divided into positive
and negative aspects.
Because of the action
of these magnetic
torces we find aggre
gations of miiierals
in certain localities.
Ore does not occur in
veins by chance, but
because of these
forces, commonly
known under the
general t?rm "chem
ical affinity," which
have grouped them
in such combina- ,
tions.
An illustration fa
miliar to a number ot
mining men is that
in the ca>e of dumps
of waste ore the min
eral has been known
to arrange itself in
veins. One sucii case j
was observed at Central City Colo., a lew
years ago. At an old conc>ritrator there
was j» dump of waste minerai which had
accumulated during the '70s. It w:is de
terminea to work this over with modern
niacainerv, and on opening the dump it
was found that a regular vein of ore had
formed through the center of the pile of
waste rock. Then* was first an inch win
of rich ore; on each side of .this were two
inches of clayey gangue matter, and then
well defined walls of porphyry.
Again, as illustiating the fact that cold
grows, there are numerous cases on record
where specimens ot ore snowing a streak
of gold, say a thirty-second of an inch in
width, nave after a lapse of twenty or forty
veara shown the same streak increased to
a width of one-sixte?nth of an mc.-.
These two illustrations, marvelous as
they appear, the one showing the power of
selection and the other the ability of
Dame Nature to transmute base mineral
into gold, are quite overtopped by another
phenomenon — the power of certain
crystals to actually give birth to smaller
crystals and furnish them the means for
growth to larger size.
There is a < urrent belief among the com
mon people (who, by the way, often
possess a knowledge of occult truths) of
Russia and some other of the Europ an
countries that diamonds are either mas
culine or feminine, and that when bril
liants of opposite "?ex" are placed to
gether and left in the dark for several
months they will breed smaller brilliants.
At the court of St. Petersburg upward
of a year ago one of the courtiers, whose
e-tates lie beyond the Caucasus, observed
that a lady of the court was wearing two
unusually large diamonds of the finest
water, and they were of opposite sex. He
sought a conversation with her and told
of the prevalent notion on the subject, ad
vising her to lay the diamonds away to
gether and watch the result
She laughingly agreed to do so, but had
not the slightest belief that her store of
prec.ous gems would tnereby be increased.
Her consternation may be imagined, how
ever, when after a lapse of ei^ht or nine
months she removed the box containing
the diamonds from the dark recess where
she had hidden it, and found a brood of
ti:ree li tie diamonds locat d midway be
tween the two lari:e brilliants. They were
so small they could hardly be seen, but
they were never: heless diamonds, as a
careful test showed; and it was further
lound that the large diamonds had not
lost any of their weight. Desiring now to
c >n iiuiethe experiment she replaced the
five gems in tne box in their former posi
lon and again laid them away in the
darkness. Four months later the box was
reopened and it was found that the
"young" diamonds had doubled their
s.ze.
The only explanation that can be offered
for this remarkable occurrence is that the
two diamonds shot out rays of electric
force, and as these rays met and crossed
they formed a center or focus of energy
or as it appears, three foci were formed, as
the facets of the stones so faced each
other that the rays from one found three
chief centers of union with the rays from
the opposite stone. And with the foci
established and permitted to remain an
iisturbtd there followed an accretion of
iife force and suDstance from some plane
at n.Uure, probably from the air, and
ather uiamonls were produced. The
rationale is precisely similar to the pro-
Jess of the germination of the acorn. If
ane can be explained the other will be un
ierstood. KAJIK AJI Sijsqh.
1718
HE KLAPPERMAN-The Tale of Old Jan Stock, a Large Man, Inured
««^l Alike to the Bitter Winds That Sweep Down From the
Zuyder Zee and to the Morning Gapes of the Dutch Villagers*
"De' Klapperman" climbed out of his bed in the wall without disturbing
"Cornaylia," his wife. Cornelia lay like a log of wood and snored like the
creaking of the windmill on a blustering day.
It was not yet 3 o'clock in the morning. It was summer, but the
dark green wooden blinds were closed and the little room was a black hole
except where the dour into the inner room, where tbe children slept, stood
open.- There were seven children, including Jan, who was an idiot and
would never count, except in the churchyard over at RidderkerK.
Jan Stock had been "de Klapperman" for twenty-two years, and had
inherited his duties, his labors and his misfortunes from his father. He
was a tall man with large joints; his face, from exposure to the bitterest
cold, to the horrors of the winds that sweep down over the flat country
from the Zuyder Zee, was tanned as brown &s the old leather waistcoat he
word for warmth. The hollows cf his eyes, under his hard, bulging fore
head, seemed to hare been scooped out with a spoon; the pkiu was drawn
over his great cheekbones, that were like brown doorknobs; his mouth
waß a straignt, dark-brown line in an expanse of shaven green lip and
cheek and chin. The whole face was durk except for the straight yellow
hair and the tnatch of stiff eyebrows, bleached almost white, and his eyes,
which were the color of the sea on a misty day, so pale and cold and blue.
He wore a blouse laded into streaks of (tray by frequent washing and
patched with vivid new material in absolute independence of Biblical
warnings. Hi^ coat and his trousers were of an indefinite brownish green,
With a broad rim around the frayed ankles where he had plowed through
the winter mud and slush.
He moved around like a cat, in his coarse stockings, over the cold
flags. He Mumbled over the brass mil kcan at the side of the stove and
stood still. Frau Cornelia had a tongue that was suarp as ice. The odors
of flax and earth and leather and smoke combined however to make the
atmosphere heavy, and the good wife slept and the seven children did
not stir.
He drew a long breath as he picked up his great klumpen at the door
and clattered down the stone-paved street with a stern disregard for the
siuraberers of the little village. Was he not paid to rouse them at any
time between 1 o'clock and 6? No one rose later than that; not even
Meffrouw VandeWoom, who hiied all the men and women who worked in
the fields or at the flux-picking in the great barns, and who paid them so
munificently — 75 Dutch cents a day for the married men and women and
50 cents for the boys and girls, whether they were 20 or 60 years old.
The most notoriously lazy people on the whole riverside were the chil
dren and wife of the Klapperman himself. Meffrouw Cornelia seldom
rose before 5, and the children were sometimes allowed to sleep till tbe
sweepings and scouring 1 * and scoldings of the mother woke them of their
own accord.
Klapperman passed out into the road. At this hour the moonlight
and the daylight struggled for supremacy; the trees marched shivering
like gray ghosts into a blur of mist and in the river their pale reflec
tions trembled and shook. Phantom houses huddled together, threatened
by a strange skeleton windmill with its giant arms bouna for the night
silent and motionless. The stillness was something to be felt in all the
fields, drowned in silver mist. Not a living creature moved. The river
alone made a little indefinite noise in the rushes and the sound of hid
wooden shoes waked the echoes.
"Rat-a-plan" went the brass knocker against the closed wooden shut
ters, and a lone, harsh call brought the stupefied sleeper to the realiza
tion of a new day of life and labor.
The Klapperman had no eyes for the wonderfal changes of the dawn;
even when the day broke over the fresh, green earth and dazzled the little
sioots and emphasized the quaintness of the ancient houses under their
heavy moss-grown roofs, he would hardiy have been able to see their pic
turesque possibilities. \Vnat he did see was a number of dwellings,
grimly secured against the long winter and the cruel cold.
His thoughts, that moved slowly and sluggishly as canal-boats, ran
this wise:
Here lives Pieter Bloomers— rat-a-plan— he is deaf and his wife is bed
ridden and his only son was washed from his boat on his last trip from
Zeeland, with the flax to be worked in the winter. All this was no reason
why they should not pay him, Jan Stock, for three weeks their paltry two
cent 3 a week for waking them. The old man could still do a day's work!
Rat-a-plan. rat-a-plan, rat-a-plan ! ! ! This is for HendricK Steen, who
will come to the field hours too late, with hi 3 nose red and his hands shak
ing and his watery eyes bleared with drink. He is a victim of the tempta
tions of the flowing dowl in the little black-faced, red-eyed tavern, and
jB||EAR Is a Thief
*^* That Steals Vitality
And Robs the Present
Of Its Joys and Its Peace
There is probably nothing in human life which causes us greater
astonishment when we pause to reflect upon it than the amount of experi
ence which we undergo in imagination only. The hopes that were never
realized, the anticipations that were never fulfilled, the fears that no sub
sequent event ever justified— how much of experience has been made up of
these things! And if we add to purely imaginary joys and sorrows all
those events whose nature we have at the time misinterpreted because of
the co.oring given them by a deluded fancy, we are likely to conclude that
very much of this life which we take in ail seriousness, laughing and
weeping by turns over its gay and its sorrowful adventures, is no more
real than are the scenes of a drama enacted upon the stage. It is not the
playing of a role, to be sure, because we are really tne characters we por
tray, but as we mistake the conditions in which we are involved, the per
formance is equally fictitious.
Indeed, life might be called a "Comedy of Errors" were it not so
serious, and Shakespeare was right when he exclaimed :
All the world's a stnen.
And *11 tbe men »i.d woman merely players.
But if we consider that experience is, after ail, a matter of conscious
ness, we shall find this condition of affairs less surprising. It is not
events alone that make an impression upon the mind, but the quality of
nature that interprets them as eood or evil. From the same event one
will extract joj while another gets only bitterest grief, all depending upon
its degree of acceptability. Moreover, the mind can create its own facts
as has already been seen. '
Oriental thought, that has delved into the mysteries of mind to an ex
tent which the West can hardly credit, suggest? in relation to its expert*
ences some very interesting ideas. In its view the real man is rot the
physical self, but the soul, or thinker, who dwells within the body usine
it as an instrument for action and experience in a material realm' The
soul is the experiencer. It is also the creator and evolver of its physical
conditions, all of which are the final outgrowth of its thouehu For this
reason man is held to be accountable for his thoughts, inasmuch as they
produce inevitable results. Thinking is a process which may be con
trolled. As a rational man holds his emotional nature in check, so should
a wise man restrain his unruly thoughts. Remembering that it iscreative
he should make thought serve his highest unfoldment, by directing it
into proper channels and by holding it firmly in control. On tbe other
hand the thinker need not be a slave to vagrant impressions.
If tfcia be true, and a search into our own nature reveals its reasonable,
ness, It is not necessary to be the prey of all those mental ecjotionß which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
spends his nights and bin wife's earnings and the marriage portions of his
daugiiters in riotous living.
Rat-a-planl This is for Metfrouw Vanhuysen, who buried her hus
band last spring and who is already shamelessly encouraging tbe advances
of Halbert Herrenkam, who owns a canal-boat and two dogs for his dog
cart, and who sells pots and pans in all the villages between Dort and Rot
terdam. And Halbert has already survived two wives and has married
children. The world is a wicked place!
Rat-a-plan! This is for the miserly son of the old Meffrouw Kock,
who lived forty years on the chanty of the Kerk, whining about her mis
ery and her abject want; and that the church owed her more than such a
mere pittance, and she died with 220 gulden in coppers and small silver
coin sewed into the pillow upon which her gray and wrinkled old head
had rested for so many nights. Tne son bade fair to equal the mother,
the wife looked half starved and the children were the most vicious and
unkempt of alt the little rascals within a mile. And that was saying ev
erything that could be said.
Jan Stock did not regard the frugality of Meffrouw Kock in an unchar
itable spirit; his wintry eyes rested on the little bousefront with the shin
ing black door, with something akin to admiration.
Rat-a-plan! Rat-a-plan! Rat-a-plan! Poor Bastiantje has brought
nine children into the world and nine times has the solemn
"tidings-bearer" gone the rounds of the village, with the long
white streamers in his battered silk Hat and the loose white
gloves on bis dejected old hands. Only last week he had to inform the
family and friends of the sad fact that Bastiantje's last little Meisje had
gone to join her brothers and tisiers in the churchyard at Ridder.-kerk.
Bastiantje had no time for grief. For one day she sat at the little white
curtained hole in the window staring at the child in her clean irock, with
her hair smoothed and her face like the waxen image in the dreadful
Catholic church.
Bastiantje has an old mother to support and her husband is a good
for-naught, so she must be aroused like tbe rest to take her place in the
fields, to bring her worn face, that is stupid with grief, out of the darkness
of her bed in the wall, where she could at least forget in the sleep of
mortal fatigue.
Rat-a-plan ! This is for poor Tonia of the windmill, who has neither
so often becloud intelligence. It is evident that a mind which can dismiss
likes and dislikes from its consideration of a question will be better fitted
to get at the truth than it otherwise could. Facts are strangely altered
when seen through tbe glow of londness or the black shadow of fear. The
clear light of serenity is needed to show them as they are.
Such reflections are aroused by the prevalent fear of ills tbat may never
afflict us and that are merely intensified by anxiety if they do come.
Nobody wishes to multiply his troubles. Without help they will come
plentifully. And yet it is certain that we do suffer ills continually that
could easily be dispensed with by judicious thinking. We evolve shadows
and cling to them. We fear evils and suffer them like realities. And all
the. time we are laboring to make trouble for ourselves the creative
thought is bringing it nearer. Unconciously we are even arranging the
details, for not even our woes evolve at haphazard but take on tie forms
we lave mentally prepared for them.
Much baa been made of this fact by a certain school of healers who
attribute all disease to erroneous thought. But intelligent physicians
have always admitted the influence of mental states upon the body, and
are aware that the emotions in particular greatly influence its health.
That sudden grief may cause death is undeniable. Pear, too, is a prolific
cause of sickness. This has often been remarked in epidemics of swift
disease, such as cholera, where it may well be that the effect of fear In
lowering vitality may prepare suitable conditions for an attack. "Fear "
said a great occultist, "is the same thing as frigidity on the eartn and
always proceeds by the process of freezing." Surely, then, we have good
reason to exercise control over this injurious emotion, and to cultivate a
mental courage which will enable us to meet even serious illness with
equanimity.
Another disease that has caused untold agonies of fear is hydrophobia.
And yet it has been recently declared on high medical authority that
"there is no such specific malaoy." It has be«n also said that "there is
upon record a great mass of testimony from physicians asserting the ex
treme rarity of hydrophobia even in the dot, while many medical men of
wide experience are ol tne opinion that if It develop in human beings at all
it is only on extremely rare occasions." And yet millions suffer annualiy
from fear of an attack !
Equally unwise is the constant dread of tire that haunts other.
Every reasonable precaution should of course be taken to avoid dlsaste *
as nothing is more ruinous; but care can as well be given in a cheerful as
in an anxious epirit. If, in spite of our care, we are burnt out the occur
rence will cause us trouble enough. W,e shall need courage and cheerful
ness to meet our misfortune, while the possession of faith In the general
beneficence of overruling powers will enable us the more swiftly to rally
from it. To be burnt out in fancy a thousand times previously would, on
the other hand, increase the sense of discouragement, if it did not make it
habitual.
Quite different and yet not less injurious is tbefearof poverty. To
guard against want by industry and forethought is doubtless wise, and to
suffer when pinched by dire need is inevitable. But neither wise nor inev
itable is doubt of the mture provided we do our part. Sickness may unfit
us for labor, our business projects may fail, hard times may overwnelm us
a general calamity may devastate the land. Any or all of these things
may be counted among future possibilities. But in health to dread sick
ness, in success to fear failure, in comfort to anticipate distress is a *md of
folly to which rational beings should become superior.
In an Eastern city there dwelt, some years ago, a very wealthy mon
Success had crowned his business ventures. There were no wants and but
few fancies that his multiple millions could not abundantly satisfy Yet
this man liveil in constant fear of poverty. He never could quite believe
in his own good fortune. So closely did he cling to the idea of want tha
he finally expected to die in the poorhouse. It was the one shadow that
lay across his path. But he died In a luxurious home, denied neither care
nor comfort, and doubtless rests now in a well-tended lot with' a monument
to niaifc his grave.
In fine, there is no calamity which fear is able to avert. Its effect is
always mischievous. Although we may not be able to dismiss it in times
of peril there Is certainly reason to avoid it in anticipation. It is far bet
ter to gratefully use the gifts bestowed upon us, while we sturdily resolve
to be so independent of them that when misfortune comes it shall find us
nobly brave. Mkbcib M. Tmn™
TT\OBBERTIN'S Idea of Degeneracy
Caricatured by Rupert Schmid.
The sculptors and tome of their friends who paint are highly amused
over the seriousness with which Dobbertin's latest freak, "Degeneration "
ha-j been taken, and they have talked so frequently about it that a most
unearthly face has been fashioned in clay as a caricature. It has even
gone further than this, for they have taken photographs of the ideal and
distributed the pictures as genuine prints of the real; but which is the
ideal and which the real must be determined by the imagination.
The caricature is now in the possession of Joe Kruft, the Bohemians'
friend, and artists have dubbed it "Joe's Dream"— an unfriendly reflection
on his digestion. How it came into Joe's place, or whoever conceived and
executed such a piece of diabolism, nobody will tell; but it bears the ear
marks of dculptor Schmid's genius; and, indeed, there is little doubt that
he is responsible for the face. Some artists Insist that the caricature is in
the Interest of art, but others have other views which they keep to them
selves. Anyhow, it is a clear case of one sculptor making fun of another
and that la a most rigorous and catting manner.
father nor mother, but who supports four little brothers and sisters at
cheerfully as possible. She is but 17, is Tonia, and the prettiest and
poorest girl in the village. She works the hardest aud wears the stiffest
white caps. There is a tale that she was "versproken," promised to the
Timmerman, but that wily carpenter had gone over to another village
where there were richer girls.
Tonia helped wash the linen and went out in the early morning to
gH ALFORNIA Is Said to Be a Part
fiSSi of the Ancient Continent of Lemuria, and the
Center of a Civilization That Antedates the Fabled
Continent of Atlantis by Thousands of Years,
California is a fragment of the ancient continent of Lemuria. Such id
the startling fact as revealed by those who know, fortified by fcientiric
data and historical research. There is much clashing of opinions and re
adjust meiit of belief among scientific minds as to the age of this our globe,
the views of eminent scientists varying as much as millions of years.
However this maybe there is reason to believe that man as he now
appears in a physical body has existed upon the earth for 18,000,000
years. This being so, then the continent upon which humanity lived and
breathed is even older. Hence we may catch some idea of the immense
antiquity of this glorious country of ours, California. In fact, California
was a high moun tainous country with fertile valleys away back in the
ages when the waves of the eea rolled over the remainder of the United
States.
From this the conclusion must not be drawn that the remainder of
America is not also of venerable antiquity, oecause the reverse is the
truth. Still, California from her mountain peaks has patiently se^n, with
ever watchlul eye, the land to the east of her gradually rise, shaking the
salt sea from her back, while the west and south volcanic action has
shaken the earth into fragments, until it has become a prey to the devouring
water, leaving the present State, as the only monument in this part oi the
country, to testify to the ancient grandeur of the land and the bi-ih civil
ization to which it gave birth. Beneath the soil of California is hidden
vast wealth, much greater indeed than any ot her rich mines have ever
yet produced, while beneath the foundations of hercitles, more especially of
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego, lie buried the remains of minty
cities. It would not be wise, even if we knew the exact location of this
deeply hidden treasure, to point out its probable locality. Such is the
natural cupidity of mankind that only strife and possibly bloodshed could
follow the public possession of such knowledge, especially at this stage of
our evolution, when selfishness and greed are too often the mainsprings of
human action. No barm can be done, however, in reciting the facts, as
we are on the verge of important discoveries, it is said, which will estab
lish the trutn of these statements beyond the shadow of a doubt.
For the benefit of those who do not know, or have forgotten, it may
be well to recall some facts about the gigantic continent of Lemuria, which
science says was the cradle of mankind, and now sleeps beneath the bosom
of the Indian Ocean. It is to Mr. P. L. Sclater that the honor 13 due for
the name, if not the idea of Lemnria, but he has had eminent support in
the person of Harkel, who dwells at great length upon Lemuria in his
"Pedigree of Man." Even Mr. A. R. Wallace, the great naturalist, while
opposed to the continent as laid down by Sclater, does not seem to reject
the idea. Since the days when the theory was flr.*t promulgated, however,
many have been the scientists, great and small, who have thought much
and written more upon the subject, with the result that "Lemuria" seems
Schmid's Caricature of Dobbertin's "Degeneracy."
to be an established fact in the minds of men over the world. The exact
location, or rather the\area covered by this Titanic land, however, seems
yet to be a bone of contention. There are many good reasons to believe,
however, that at one time Lemuria covered the area now washed by the
Pacific, Atlantic and Indian oceans. To be more exact, the continent
extended from the foot of the Himalayas south across what is known to
us as Southern India, Ceylon and Sumatra, embracing on its way as we go
south Madagascar on its right hand and Australia and Tasmania on its
left, running to within a few degrees of the Antarctic circle.
Thence it extended far into the Pacific Ocean. Easter Isle and
the other islands sown hither and thither on the facet of tho Pacific, to
gether with a larire part of California, are remnants of this once mighty
land. North of California Lerauria may have touched the coast line of
North America. From the south the continent extended in the shape of
a horseshoe past Madagascar, round South Africa (then a mere fraameut
in the process of formation), through the Atlantic, up to Norway. "The
great English freshwater deposit called tbe Wealden, which every geolo
gist regards as the mouth of a former great river, is the bed of the main
stream which drained northern Lemuria in the secondary age." In those
days there was neither Africa nor the Americas, still less Europe, all these
slumbering yet on the floor of the ocean. Nor was there much of the
present Asia, for thn cis-Himalayan regions were covered with seas, be
yond which were Greenland, Eastern and Western Siberia, which be
longed to a yet older continent. In the days of Lemuria Mount Atlas was
an inaccessible island peak, three times as high as it is now, its peaks lost ia
spread it on ihe crass at the riverside and managed the affairs of the great
windmill, and cooked for and scolded and washed and tended the children
and sang:
Op bergen en in dalen
En overal is Goi!
If she grieved she bore it silently. Morning and evening you could
hear, if you passed the windmill, her young voice singing:
t)mlaa~ en hoog verheven,
Ja, overal Is God !
So the Klapperman goes from door to door, unmoved by the tragedies
that play behind the green shutters.
Sometimes he starts in at 1 in the morning, when the fishermen must
be called. They have a weary distance to go before their great red-sailed
boats pass, like great birds, down the canals to the sea.
It was better in the dark days, thinks the Klapperman. When his
father lived he was also paid 10 go down the streets at night to "klapp"
the people into bed with a sounding-board and a big braßS klapper.
"Tien is the hour," he would shout, "the hour is tien," after which no
tavern dared wink a malevolent red eye.
The sun rises in summer ana the glory ot the morning breaks or in
winter the hard snow crunches under his wooden shoes and the icicles
drop from tiie shutters he rattles. The unfortunates gasp in the compara
tive warmth of their stuffy bails and hoist themselves to the ground with
a shndder.
Winter and summer are alike to the Klapperman, who goes,
morning after mornine, through the misty dawn, a melancholy figure
like a Dutch anticipation of the Judgment Day, and an avenging angel
rousing the dead from their last sleep. Van Dyck Brown.
Holland, August, 1896.
clouds and perpetual snow*. Later new land arose around it—the "Ante
diluvian Atlantis"; still later the present continent of Africa, which facts
have given rise to the ancient myth of Atlas carrying the world upon his
shoulders.
It may be well for a clear and fuller understanding of the matter to
explain that according to great minds, both in the east and the west, the
surface of the earth has changed almost completely five different times
since the land first separated from the waters. It has been the belief of
science and the dream of explorers for many years that beyond the polar
seas, at the very Arctic circle, there is a sea, "free from ice and full of
whales," surrounding a continent which is evergreen. In some old books
of ancient wisdom the same statements are found, the land so situated
b.'ing called the "unperisnable" or "sacred land." Some, indeed, even
make the statement that the first mankind, the rulers of the sphere, were
"precipitated" upon this Eden, which at that time en joyed a tropical or
semi-tropical climate. Whether this be a flight of fancy or the most pro
found truth, it is undeniable that science has good reasons to believe in
the existence of polar land of far greater age even than Calif ornia. Just at
an astronomer can, by mathematics and known physical laws, predict the
presence of a planet or other heavenly body at a certain place in space
when such body is invisible to the naked eye or even to the telescope, so
do scientists assert the presence of land at the north pole, although in our
time no man has succeeded in reaching that blessed abode and returned to
tell the tale. In fact uo round-trip tickets are yet sold.
But brushing all humor aside and viewing the matter in the light of
truth we tind in ancient books and older traditions, which are history in
fact, often more reliable than so-called history, c!ear accounts of this land
now buried, or rather protected from intrusion by barriers of snow and ice.
Away, way back in the ages, eons upon eons of years ago, when the
earth was in its infancy, the pole or axis of the earth is said to have lain
n the plane of its orbit about the sun, not being inclined to the ecliptic
as it is now. This change in the inclination of the earth's axis, or a real
shifting of the axis, as is asserted by some, together with a slowing of the
revolution of the earth, has caused radical changes in climate to sweep
over the earth several times, so that lands now strangers to icj were then
covered with its crystals, and vice versa, regions now subjected by the
frost ting then basked in the rays of a tropical sun. As rime went on
land rose from the water south of this sacred land, or the first continent,
which became Known a 9 the "Hyperborean," or second continent. This
latter continent stretched southward and westward from the Arctic circle,
and embraced what is now known as Northern Asia. Greenland is a
remnant of this "laud of the gods," as the Greeks called it, saying that
"the nocturnal shadows never fall upon it. 1 ' It isgujssedfby some that
Ireland is also an heirloom of tnis wonderful land, but the remainder of
Great Britain is not. This was a real, bona-nde continent, although some
uncharitable and skeptical persons have been so foolish as to call the
statement "poetized fiction."
But let it pass; tbe time came when this continent broke into piece*
and was submereed, the first deluge in the life of Mother Earth. Next came
the great continent of Lemuria, of which California is a proud daughter.
Most of Lemuria wa& destroyed by hre. earthquakes, fire and lava, and
the fragments sank beneath the seas. Some portions of Lemuria, after
sinking, were again raided with little harm, as, witness Easter Isle,
whicn was again elevated from the ocean, with its statues and other archaio
remains, a witness to the existence and art» of Lemuria. California
seems to hay c escaped the general fate of its parent continent.
Thousands of years after Lemuria had gone to sleep another, tfhe
fourth continent, gradually arose from the Atlantic Ocean. This was the
fabled "Atlantis," concerning which so much has been sung and written
in poetry and in prose, the "Atlantis 1 ' of which Plato has told in an
cient cias-sics being an island of this once mountainous continent, concern
ing which he had received much information from learned Egyptian
priests through Solon or by direct word of mouth. A large part of the
United States, as well as some sections in South America, are remains of
the Atlantic continent, as is attested by the wonderful mounds, temples,
pyramids and other relics, of which more may be said later on. The fifth
continent is the laud now on the surface, which we are in the habit of
dividing into four or live so-called continents. Of course, from what has
been said, it is evident that, besides the land composing the fifth continent,
there are now on the globe small fragments of the older continents, joined
with the newer lands in such a way as to be almost indistinguishable.
It may be guessed from the foregoing that continents are born, ma
ture, grow old and die, passing through the seven stages, or ages, which
Shakespeare has made immortal, just as do men. Further, it will be seen
that the lands perish alternately by rire and water. And it is the fate of
our fifth continent to vie by means of fire, as did Lemuria ages ago. So it
will be seen that th re is really some foundation for the old statement
that the wicked will perish by tire and brimstone. However, it need
cause us no uneasiness of mind, as many thousands of years must elapse
before our present continent will pass to its grave or rather cremation.
Still it may be true that during tLe next year or so we may be startled by
unusual commotion among the elements, both above and below the crust
of the earth.
It seems to be true that such natural convulsions and cataclysms
mark the periods when one continent falls and another rises, and appar
ently they occur suddenly. The explosion possibly is sudden, that is the
phenomenon ia sudden, but it must ba remembered that Dame Nature
n< ver does anything in a hurry; every move from the forming of a crystal
of snowflake to the swinging of a, sun in spaco is done with precision and
in an orderly manner. Event succeeds event in a continuous sequence;
effect follows cause in an endless chain throuzhoat time, and what is
more ages are required to accomplish the result.
For instance, it required 150,000 years for the sinking of Atlantis,
while 700,000 years elapsed between that event and the destruction of
Lemuria. But, then, what matters a Jew thousand years when the earth
must have been revolving 300,000,000 years before she was ready to re
ceive the crowning glory, mankind, woo has been in possession of his
birthright 18.000,000 years— aye. even longer, if we count the time before
he had developed the physical case something as it is now.
This, then, will set at re3t the idea that continents pop up or drop
down all at once or in a hurry, without leaving a vestige of themselves.
Just as grandfather, father and son (and sometimes a great-grandfather)
exist and walk the earth at the same time, so it is with continents; and
gradually the elder sinKs from the evident world. In fact, continents
grow out of each other in a way. and as different, events happen at various
times in our time, and in that of our ancastors, so it is with continents,
only on a wider grander scale, commensurate with their magnitude.
Therß is ons notable point, however, in this connection, which is, that
the first continent, the land at the north polo, preceded all continents
and will be in existence when all others have disappeared. la fact, that
it will remain the imperishable land, only to die wtien the earth itself
passes itself like a flame into the great breath of eternity.WHERE
WILD GOATS
ABOUND
Lake Ghelan Is the
paradise for
Hunters
John C. Davidson, a noted hunter of big
game of all kinds, from the buffalo and
musk-ox to the elk sad bear, is among the
arrivals here from Lake Chelan, Washing
ton, where mi wild goats are so
pientifu. as to a.rros: defy the hunters.
Mr. Davi.i;;r: has been in the goat
country for over a month past. Lake
Che. an i; a singularly clear boiy of water
e:gh:r M long, crooked like an
elbow -:ng from a po.
or c . n the Columbia, and
reach j I the Cascade mountains
to tee mouth of the Stehafcin River.
Near the mouth of this river, in the
center of the country, where many of the
white goats range, are, as he relates, the
Rainbow Falls, where water comes down
Mr. Davidson and several fr.ends went
up the lake in a smail steamer, tying up
?eping as night came, and every
a a while making excursions into
the mountains, where they not or.
wild goat meat to eat but occai,
took a bear. As for fish, they were ex
ceedingly numerous both in the fresh
water lake and in the streams failing into
it. The finest and most toothsome trout
are to be had by - asting a hook.
"1 nave seen many fine places for out
door sport," said Mr. Davidson. '
have never seen acvthin.g to •
indeed, to equal, this exquisitely beauti
section of the Cascades.
There is a little town down at the foot of
.£e that has a store and a saw:.
:■ at the time of a boom a
few years asro, ca: since the boom is off
everything is quite still there, though a
few r-eopie remain.
"I went up in the little steamer Cbelan,
which nas been plying on the lake for
some time. B. • md friends were
well equipped with
r :acs.e, as we., ai con: rlece camp
ing or:
• A dozen or fifteen miles up the lake
you make a turn almost at right angles
and follow the lake in a straight north
west direction into the mountains. When
you make the ; . :ue hamlet and
tne mountains east of the Columbia River
are complete. y saut out and ail around
you are the high mountains of the Cas
cade Range proper, which rise from the
edge of the lake in most places like frown
"To :he right as we proceeded into the
heart of the mountains was an enormous
. I suppose it must have been twenty
long. It was very high, and on this
we presently beean to see the wild animals
wnose quest we sought.
i seemed like faint specks
on the ridge. They were so faint that
*-ere ars: discovered by a field-glass.
However, as we advanced they grew
~ery well make
at by the naked eye.
As we pushed along sdli further we be
gan to see the white goats, as we coui i «cc
sheep a few hundred yards away. They
were big, tine fellows, as large as a good
chunk of a cow and with so much white
wool on them that their backs looked
square, like big Cotswold sheep.
'But they were nothine like sheep In
rann : .- - were the airiest, most
grace: -sto be imagined. They
scaled the cliffs as though they had wings.
-times they went straight up a height
that seemed as inaccessible as the side of
a house. They didn't go zigzag and they
had as much ginger in their movements
and were as easy and airy as though the 7
were eagles.
ha white wild goats went m bands of
from twez r each. Aa we got
near we fir-: ~ an aged to
kill a couple ot them. Tnav came" tum
bling down almost to the edge of the
water. The rest ran away and disappeared
entirely from view. | -.£» goats
we had" killed were - The grass
was very good in the mountains and the
water from the melting snow sweet and
soft. There was a faint o-ior fr^m the
meat when it was cut up tea; suggested
mutton.
"But, as I was going to say. we had
only proceeded pas: a point of recks a few
hundred rods away till more of the goats
loomed up. It was this way for a. most
the entire distance to the mouth of tae
Stehakin. On several occasions we tried
to shoot the goats on the mountair. ■
they were so far away that our shots rell
short. In other ca-es our bullets struck
the rocks about them.
"1 found that when a band of goats were
grazing there was aiwavs a big goat tha:
acted as a sentinel and was ready to give
the alarm to the others. If we were so
n«*ar as to cause danger they all toot to
flight. Some of the animals were of a
slizhtiy bluish color, but most were clear
c. especially the larger ones.
"We killed numerous o:her goats as we
advanced, but none directly from the
steamer. To get tnem we landed and
made detours, climbing quietly up the
:f the mountains, and w
hand, so as to be able to shoot at once
when we saw them.
"In two days we had killed twenty-two
of the froata, and if we had continued to
we could have killed any number we
i. However, though I had done mv
part in killing tne pretty anim*.?
nevertheless ruthless sport. Tne
ought to be left as a dis:
ere of the country and not be sac:
as the bnff aloes were.
"Only the younger goat 3 are good for
food. Their meat is sweet and nutritious,
but with the old ones the meat is strong
and inclined to be touch, and no man
wants to tackle it more than once. So
there is really no need of killing them
except for their t kins. The wool on them
is from five to eight inches long. They
make a magnificent rug or robe if prop
erly cured and tanned.
■ "The skins are so easily taken that they
bring only |2 each. John Hall, who live*
at the house on the way up the lake,
has been making a business of shooting
the goats and selling the skins. This is
ail he gets for them. Nearly f very tourist
who goes up the lake gets some of them,
Care must be taken in curing them or
ttxe fine hair and fur will come out rather
easily, but if they are cured as they
should be, and as the experts there know
how, the fur will stay on as firmly as the
hair os a buffalo robe. The skins make a
beautiful ornament and are very useful in
many ways;
-"I had a strange and quite dangerous
experience while hunting on the moun
tainside. I had seen a fine goat that stood
up as big as a two-year-old steer in a green
mead grazing about. The grass plat was
on the edge of a precipice. I was too far
away to get a shot at him, and so circled
to reach him.
"In doing so the cliff came between me
*nd the animal, and I climbed around
quietly, gradually working up on the
plateau. As I finally neared tV.e edge I
was enabled to see not one, but six goats,
and I selected the one I wanted and blazed
away. As I stiot a piece of stone gave way
under me, and I feli headlong. I slid and
fell tally a hundred feet, the gun failing
after me.
"The gunstock broke against a rock and
I landed in a little patch of brush on the
edge of a precipice 200 feet down. Had I
fallen five feet further I would have gone
over and it would have been a 1 day with
me, for I certainly would have been killed.
As it was I was very much bruised and
bleeding in the face and hands, having
been cut by the stones.
"I could not get up again to see if I had
killed the goat, but Billy Barton, who was
making a detour not far from me, got up
and tcere found the zoat lying dead. I
HUNTER DAVIDSON BAGGING VILD OOATS ON LAKE CHELNft
had shot him through the heart, but I
would not care to have the experience over
again for a great deai of money.
- We saw a few bears, and succeeded in
getting three of them. Taey were brown
bears, one of them being big and the others
small. There are grizzlies in these wild
I ims, but we did no: -
Mr. Davidson says thert - place
.il hunting than in that part of the
Cascades. The country is remote, and
consequently it is not rnnch invaded by
nim rods. It 13 therefore full of game.
A QUEER DEMAND
THE Chinese conception of the func
tions of a municipal officer is nothing
if not original, and many a good laugh
the City servants have over the queer
demands made on them.
A few days ago word was received at the
Health Office from the Sanford Company,
a Chinese firm at 104 Dupont street, that a
nuisance existed at their place of business.
The circumstance of Chinese reporting a
nuisance was s.. it was imag
ined tfie matter must be of pressing im
portance, and Inspector Fay at once
narried to the place.
He was met at the door by a bland
Celestial, who led him to the rear cf the
store and pointed ou: two crates of eggs
standing there.
"Him nuisance, veiiy bad." he re
marked; "ail same lotten; buy bin- .
PLACING TH£ BIQ THIRTESt-TOI! G=AR WHEEL AND VINDER ON THE NEV STEEL SHAFT
M THE POWELL-STREET TOVER-HOUSE.
stleet. You make nim take back, give
money bacc. Me all same native son.
Board Health bo>s of this. Tiow him in
bay: get money back."
The inspector used some language that
was more forciole than elegant, and the
Chinese seemed hurt when he left with
out takice any action in the matter.
» ♦ m
The amount of snlphnrous acid in
town air in heavy weather is ten to
twenty times that in bright, clear weather,
and in fee the proportion is still greater.
Freshly fallen rain collected in Man
cbester showed as ranch as 70 parts per
million of sulphurous acid.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 13, 1596.
WHY THE HILL
PEOPLE HAD TO WALK
FOR TWO WEEKS
Story of a Steel Shaft That Was Broken
for Years While Swinging Miles of
Cable and GroWded Cars
It is expected that to-day the big wheels
in the Powell-street power-house tnat
have been still for two weeki will begin to
revolve again, and the procession of yel
low and green cars that have been mis«ed
from the thoroughfares during that time
resume their daily and nightly
marches. The noise of the cable in the
slot wLI sound like mu-ic to the people
who hava been climbing the hills on foot
for two weeks.
The Market-street Railway Company
: has been having an expensive exr^
: during this period of two weeks. Not only
ha 3 the entire Poweil-street system, per
hsps :he most profitable that is owr.
the company, been off duty, but ;he Fol
[ som and Bryant streets lines have been
zed during most of the time.
The inconvenience resulting to the
people in the Mission, while very great,
111 been inconsiderable as compared
:ents of the hi!l
::s reached from Powell street, who
have found a means of climbing the
heights only by going far out of ttieir way.
In many instances the subst::u:e let
them with other heights to climb. To
them the rumble of the cab> in the slot
tc-day — if the expectations of the
neers are realized and it begins to rumble
to-day — will come as the sound of glad
tidings.
The accident in the Powell-street power
house has been pending for years — indeed,
j in<*e the shaft began to turn. It
was cracked ween put in, and the breach
has been widening ever since. The break
-ed between the big 13 ton cogged
gear wheel and the other b:g wh
tached to it, around which the cable runs.
and which is called "the winder." These
two wheels, of an equal diameter, rerolve
on tbe same steel shaft. They are heavily
clamped together; the one with its heavy
cogs, fitting to the cogs of the smaller
gear wheel, is the lever— does the lifting,
so to speak — and transmits its force to
"the winder.''
It was in the brief space between the
gear wheel and the winder that the big
snait at 9:41 o'clock Monday morning,
two VMfln ago, snapped in two. The big
winder, with fourteen miles of cable,
streetcars nacging to it over the entire
distance like a string of beads, was left
without propelling power and gradually
but quickly slowed down, and tbe great
system, with its hundreds of paasensers,
was left dead in the streets.
The emp.oves in the power-house knew
instantly waat had taien place. They
knew thit the worry over breaking ropes
that had been afflicting them for weeks
before was now dwarfed by aa accident
that meant the calling in of all the cars
for an : period. And then it was
not an accident that had happened —
it was the ex: acted, although it had been
expected :'. : - .ong a time that it had al
most ceased to oe expected. Certainly no
provision had been made to meet the
emergency.
When the big wheels hail been swung
out of their places and the two parts of
the broken shaft were taken out the re
—Twahla discovery was made that what
had broken was not more than a diameter
of three inches of steel.
Tne entire Powell-street system, includ
ingt o ' et line. the Jack
son a:. -imento street lines, had
been driven orer this siim holding, braced
M camps that had been placed to
keep togetner and steady the gear wheel
and the win ier. To be sure the entire
shaft. . -; in diameter, was broken
off as sharply as thougn it had been a iead
pencil. But it had been cracked at the
beginning, and the break for the most
part had been the alow work of years, the
r.al craci spreading by degrees, until
at last, as Mr. Vining said, "the time
came when i: must snap off."
•Had the ;hsft broken at some other
than between these two biz wheels
that heid it ia place," continued Mr. Vin
ing, 'it wou.d have done much damage. As
\t was, however, the parting at that place
simply relieved the gear wheel of it
and : tne winder the motive
power, wh j:ar wheel continued
to revolve more easily than before the
winder stopped. Xo, we made no pro
vision to meet this contin. 1 aough
it has been | :mminen-. The fact
is that the ILirket-stree: system, com
posed of a grea: n amber of companies and
with a great deal of old
machinery, ha-? grown with a rapidity
that has kep: oeyond our ability to pro
.aipmen:.
"B-e- machinery in many in
stance- fashioned, and we do not
care to duplicate it, as would be necessary
to do in order to provide against sucL ac
cidents as that at the Mission-street elec
■e, and which caused the
.ize of the Foisom and Bryan: -
car-. It ii -c of the company to
duplicate t_e machinery where possible.
With regard to Powell street, it ia in con
templation to transmit electric power
. and run the cable machinery by v.
For that reason tbe duplication of the en
gines or motive power will not be at
tempted."
The work of repairing the br?ak of tbe
big shaft hai at lean kect the people in the
y of the power-house interested.
Horses in battalions — bis draft horses —
ha^e been marshaled about the place;
pulleys, levers and cranes, on gigantic
scales, have been employed lifting the
wheels and shaft cut of place and drag
ging the big wheel down the hill and then
up aeain. Firs: a new snaft was forged
by the Pacinc Rollinz Mi 1? and carried to
tee Union Iron Works, where it was put
into proper form. The tir wheels were
taken to the Union Iron orks, where
they were drliied ou; to exactly fit the
snaft.
Then shaft and wheel?, one at a time,
on trucks, the wheel-* of which were two
feet wide, constructed of iron, were hauled
again and w.: manipula
tion by experienced riggers swung from
■_ck back into the power-house and
there placed in position, the shaft first
and then the whee's on the shaft. The
progress through, the streets was marked
by crushed iron coverings of the man
holes over which the heavy wheels
chsneed to pass. The shaft itself weighed
6660 pounds solid steel, while the largest
of the wheels, the frear wheel, as stated,
weighs between thirteen and ourteen tons.
The engineer in cha-ge yesterday stated
that everything would be in order tc start
the wheels going by this afternoon unless
there was seme unlooked-ior trouble in
adjusting the key of the shaft to the
Superintendent Vising, speaking aboat
the break just before his departure East,
said: "Tne machinery at the Powell-street
power-house was built originally to run
only the Povreli-street and tne Jactson
street line. Of course, some margin was
a. lowed en this, but at the time of the
Midwinter Fair the Sacramento-street line
was thrown on this machinery, which has
certainly used up its reserve force. Stiii it
is impossible to increase the power there
for the very lack of room."
There are nre cab.es operated over the
winder of the Powell-street house. One
runs from the power-house to Market
street, at the foot of Powell, another from
the power-house to the ferry, anotne? ;o
North Beach at the corner of Bay and
Taylor streets, another out Jackson street
to Central avenue and another out Sacra
mento street to Walnut; in ail fourteen
miles.
T-e drawback to tbe general pleasure
that will be occasioned by the starting of
the cars is the fact that the same old rope
will be used that for weeks before the
general breakdown caused a daily inter
ruption of travel by breatmg — sometimes
two and three times during the day.
"Don't speak about the rope; thai is a
delicate subject in these parts," said an
emrloye at the power-house yesterday.
'Great Scott ! what a time we have wits.
it. Oh yes, we have a new rope over there
in the corner, bnt the company don't want
to use it yet. Of course, that's natural
enough. This rope costs money. It is not
pleasant to pay out some $7000 for a cable
and have it go to pieces m three months.
Often it does not laat longer tnan
but they try to force it to serve as 1 :
possible. How does it act in the power
house when it breaks? Well, we know
about it too quick.
"There i 3 a weight of about two tons on
a moving truck, back of the engines, that
takes up the slack rope and keeps it steady
in tbe slot. When a ioaded car starts
down a hiil, for instance, it throws a lot
of rope forward, which would get tangled
in the wheels of the slot and embarrass
the cars ahead if there was not some pro
vision for taking it up and keeping
it taut. This sliding weight here, over
which the cable passes, takes it up imme
diately. WeiL when the rope breaks the
weight, of course, drops instantly; you
can uear it for blocks around here, and
everybody knows that the rope is broken
"The engines are stopped instantly, so
that the two ends do not get far apart, and
men are immediately sent to bring them
ther and tie them. When the knot
comes over the winder in the power-house
the engine is stopped again aad the rope
properly repair-: : :>und necessary.
That will always be an incident of cable
iding. A break.ng shaft need not
be — not often anyhow."
The work thai remained to be done yes
terday was within the province of the
company's engineer, the labor of tn
ger having been completed, the wheels
last evening be.ng in their place on the
THE HERniTS CAVE OP EDVARD LTNiH ON THE OCEATi BEACH AT LAiHDS EJHD
new shaft. The keys of the wheels locking
them to the shaft were to be adjusted, and
that done they would be ready to go ahead
. It was thought that would be ac
complished to-day.
WHY THE RAY FAILED
THERE is a little hole in the wall ;
on Market street. in which an enter
prising individual has a Roentgen
X Ray exhibition, and for a small consid- I
eration gives the visitor an opportunity to
put one of his hands under the rays of '
light and see the formation of the bones \
in that member.
"You just place your hand in this posi
tion," said the manager of the ray to a
showman and his friends the other evening.
In a moment tee hand of the showman,
whi:h is a* large as that of one of those '
prehistoric giants we read about, was j
placed in the desired position and it cast i
a shadow over tne entire apparatus. ;
"Now loot through this screen," said the j
manager, and the showman looked, saw, ;
and was convinced, that the bones of his j
fingers might at some time be used for ■
wharf piles.
The friend looked and exclaimed,
"What's that, a thigh bone?"
Then the friend's turn came, and as he
approached the apparatus, he extended \
bis arm and made a movement as if to re- i
move the glove tea: cohered the hand, j
"Never mind that," said the manager
observing the movement, "a little thing j
! like a glove doe 3 not interfere with the j
experiment; it only serves to heighten it. ;
Now, dace yoar hand as your friend did
and look."
The instructions were followed, but the '
viewer declared tnat he was unable to see
any bones in his hand. The showman
looked and said that it was strange that ;
he could not see any bones. "Perhaps," j
suggested the young man, "I had better
remove the glove."
The manager would not permit it, but took
asquint, and remarked "I'll be switched." ;
He examined the apparatus, adjusted \
some attachment and took another look, ■
but withdrew with the exclamation, "That j
• beats the deck." With a puzzled expres
{ sion be looked around and then lifted the ;
I young man's hand to alter the position in !
I which it was, and as soon as he did he j
j dropped as if he had been struck by elec- ;
. tricity, and as the color rose jo his cheeks
1 he asked in a tone tinged with anger, as a :
' man naturally does when feeling that he
was being made a fool of. "What in
Jericho is the matter with that hand?"
"Nothing," was the reply, to which was j
added, "It's artificial, and I guess that's j
why you couldn't see any bones in it." The i
two friends gave a quiet horse laugh and '
retired before the manager gave Tent to
his feelings. I
HAS TURNED
HIS FACE TOWARD THE
SAD, SAD SEA
Soured on Society and DWelis Alone in a
CaVe on Lands End Beach, Where
|ie Has J^o Rent to Pay.
"It's because I'm soured on society that
I'm living in this cave.'' He laid a pecul
iar emphasis on "society."
His name is Edward Lynn, and ne lives
ia a very strange hoie in the rocks on the
ocean beach, jus: below Land's End sta
tion. Wnen the tide ia at its flood this
rather picturesque character can sit in the
cave and knock the ashes from hia pipe
overboard. This ia convenient and saves
lots of swee~
He ii rather a sparely built man, about
50 years of aze, with light hair and violet
blue eyes. His cheeks have a roseate hue
that is due to the sun and the wind, and
his chin beard ia of the color of hia hair.
His garb is in no way attrar
neither fashionable nor in tatters. It is
just ordinary, comfortable and clean.
Hi 3 home fronts on a little stretch of
backed by high, brush-covered sand
dunes and inclosed ty tall, precipitous
m each aide, while in the foreground
there are a numoer of jutting rocks
against wnich the roiling billows break
into beautiful spray, and beyond them the
broad Pacific. This iittle stretch of terri
tory wnieh is at the foot oi the slope of
ground on which is what is known as
••Lana's End"' station, the true extreme
western limit of the United States, mid
way between Bakers Beach and Point
Lobos, the solitary inhabitant has named
"Lynn's Beach," and to reach it he haa
cut a path along the grade to the railroad
station for tne benefit of those who may
wish to view hia habitation or picnic on
the sanda.
This habitation carved out by nature is
in tbe eastern cliff, a little above high
water mark, and is a triangular-shaped
opening in the rock about forty feet in
depth, twenty or more feet high at the
opening ani descending to a point at the
back; one of those curious freak 3, the
formation of which ia unaccountable.
Lynn has built a bulkhead across the
front which is sufficiently high to keep
out the high ipnsgtidea and there is a
step of rock and plank to reach the top of
f this built of stray planks that have i
i floated in. Jus: inside the line of this
breakwater there is a nda stove, with a
tail pipe, and on this Lynn cooks his
meals. He wai preparing a siew of beef
I and onions.
•'I have my kitchen on the outside," he
said, "as ther have in tte French ro:is
series, so that the odor erf the cooking will
not permeate the dining-room."
Behind this there is a long bench on
which are a washttib, tin pans and odds
and ends, and immediately back of this is
stretched across the montn of the cave a
black striped blanket, which shuts out
from view the interior. Pulling this to
one side Lynn said, "This is my home by
the sad sea waves," and as he said this he
disclosed the interior, which is fitted up
with a barrel, upon the head of which he
takes his meals, and this he calls his
"round table" ; there are benches and j
shelves, the latter filled with empty bot- !
ties and cans, boxe* and old clothing, !
while a: the end there is a division i
created by a hanging piece of what once ;
wa3 white c!o:n that separates the din
ir.g-room from the bedroom. That room
is in the natural color of the rock. From
one wall to the other are laid r
side, wedged at each end to keep them ;
in place, and on these is a well-worn mat
tresi and a blanket which serve as a :
couca for the nermi: of Lynn Beach. The ;
oniy com: i at he has are a tor- ;
toise-sheli cat and an old black ben.
"As I told you, ' said Lynn, after show- i
ing what there is to be seen in bia home,
"1 look up this place because I soared on j
society. In the language of Zrnmermann
I was no: 'impelled to it by melancholy i
and discontent, bat by a real distaste for
Urn pleasures of the world, a rational
contempt for the deceitful joys of life, and !
for its insinuating and destructive gaye
ties,' and to use my own language, 'the in
:de of man and his selfishness." For
seventeen years I worked as a miachiniat
in lha F-juton Iron Works, and while ther-*
! I made some successful ventures in stocks
I which induced me to speculate until the
: day o: reverses came, and it all went; then,
i in the endeavor to recoup, my home
i went, and a sadness seized my sou* and I
; became almost desperate, and do not know
j what I would have done had it not been
j for the courage of my wife, who, despite
!my misfortunes, with the instinct of a
j true woman, who, like the ivy, clings
i closer the greater the ruin, helped me by
i her advice and held out the hope of a
brishter day.
"Bat before that brighter day came she
was takes from me and I was left with
two children. In the days of my pros
! perity I waa passionately fond of society,
i I was classed as an athlete and was what
; you might call a lover of athletic sports.
» In those days, when I had plenty ol
money and did not need the assistance of
any one. evea to the extent of a dime,
•aras not one of those who knew me
but would do anything to a3sLst; but in
the days of my adversity, when their as
e would have been welcome, they
not oniy turned from me, but when they
saw me on one side of the street they
would cross to the other to avoid me.
"It was then that the insincerity of so
ciety appeared to me with all its force and
that all its welcomes and pleasures were
nothing more than a sham as fragile aa
the spray that break 3on the rocks before
us. So, twelve years ago, when this was
ail a wilderness, I came out in this section,
having bid farewell to society, and for a
time lived in a little cabin that belonged
to Mr. Sutro and for which I paid him $1
a month rent. It was not much, still it
was rent. Then I came down here and
settled, and pay no rent.
"How do I live? W#ll, I gather mussels
and sell them, and once in a while I set a
job on the road. Then there are a great
many people who come down here and
have lunch, and as many bring more than
they can eat they hand me what ia laft
over, and in that way I manage to gee
along. Ido not seek the society of those
who come here, nor tbe society of any one
else, but if people addresa ma I answer
them with all the civility at my com
mand, but no more society for me — I have
soured on society. '
And with that the hermit of Lynn
Beach retired behind tne red blanket por
tieres.
THEY WANT MEAT.
HpHE opening of so many cheap restau
* rants, where meals are dispensed for
a dime and in some instances ever:
cents, in that portion of Clay and Sacra
mento street 3 where formerly solid bu-i
-.ouses held their 3way, has given the
ie beggars who abound on the water
front a new scheme by which they can 00-
tain the necessary nickel to pay for large
and satisfying '-steams."
The old plaint of living in Oakland and
wanting to get home to a sick wife and
anxious family that served so long to in
the coin of the philanthropic is
about played out, but this new "graft," as
the beggars call it, is yet fresh and pro
ductive.
The "striker" approaches a prospective
victim and begs for food for his family, a
plea that generally gets bun an audience,
and then he continues:
"Look here, my friend, I'm no bum nor
beggar. All I want is food, and not for
: but for a starving family. I ain't
asking you for money because you might
think I wanted it for beer and refuse to
give it to me. I want some meat for my
wife. She ain't strong and the doctor says
she must have nourishing food.
"There is a butcher-shop right across the
street where I can get plenty for a quarter.
Won't you heip me that much?- You
needn't give me the money if you don't
want to. You are going right past— bay it
yourself."
The natural kind-heartedness of the
average man usually comes to the front
about this time, and he follows the striker
to the butcher-shop, gites him a quarter,
sees the meat purchased, and after receiv
ing the begger's prefnse thanks goes on
his way rejoicing at having done a good.
deed.
Once the deluded one i 3 out of sight tha
clever mendicant mates a bee line for the
first cheap ha.^hery, where hia two bits'
worth of round steak is readily purchased
for a dime, and he revels in a couple of
schooners, or, if he has a thirsty friend,
as he generally has, stands treat. Taea
ne repairs again to the vicinity of tha
ferry to wait for the next incoming boat
from the east side of the bay.
THE CITY STREETS
; "T^RE fact is somewhat remarkable that
> * no person in San Francisco can cor
; rectly give the total mileage of streets
i within the boundaries of the City and
! County. Several inquiries have been made
; at the new City Hall and the answers that
have been received convey the idea that
; the total is at least 600 miles, which is,
roughly speaking, about the distance
: from San Francisco to San Diego. One
i reason for the existing uncertainty is that
I there are miles of streets still under water
; in the northern and southern portions of
the City and County, which are subject to
: navigation only and not to pedestrian
! ism. Then there are many miles of streets
: on suburban hills, over which herds oi
cattle roam freely, and of course none of
; Lh.se are accepted. In fact, there are leas
| than 200 miles of accepted streets alto
i getter in San Francisco,
1920
SEPTEMBER DAYS
AT THE RESORTS.
Summer's Gone and Society-
Prepares to Return
to Town.
The Hotel Rafael Offers Many
Attractions for Pleasure
Seekers.
Gayeties at Coroaado — Reports From
the Seaside and the Interior
Resorts.
Summer is gone and society ii preparing to
return to town. Yet a few more weeks and
the many pleasures of the winter season will
be in full swing. At the Hotel Rafael there
have been many attractions offered during the
past week, and the pieasure-seesers have not
been slow to take advantage of them. Coro
nado is also very gay. Dinners, luncheons and
various other pleasant ways of entertaining
have been more than popular. The tennis
tournament at Del Monte has also attracted a
great deal of interest.
Mr. and Mrs. Rounsevelle Wlldman enter
tained a number of their friends very pleas
antly last Wednesday by giving a picnio at
Meeker's Grove, where the Bohemian Club
held its last jinks. A special boat and train
were at their service, so the round trip was
made without discomfort. Luncheon was en
joyed beneath the shade of the redwoods, and
the day was delightfully passed. Their guests
were:
Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. King, Mr. and Mrs. H.
E. Huntington, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pond, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Fos
;er, Mr. and Mrs. Frailer, Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Bayne, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Jewett, Mr. and Mrs.
B. W. Holladay, Mr. and Mrs. E. Burke Holla
day, Dr. and Mrs. W. S. Beede, Mrs. Lily H.
Colt, Mrs. L. Aldrich, Mrs. Harrington, Mrs.
Beach, Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton, Mrs. Hobart,
Mrs. Charles Nordhoff, Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
Mrs. W. F. Ilerrin, Miss McNeil, the Mbses
Harrington, Miss Ardella Mills, Justice
Stephen J. Field, Charles Webb Howard, W. F.
Aldrich, E. T. Messersmith, Howard Hunting
ton. Frank King, Frank Lincoln, Mr. McAfee,
Dr. Lorini, Benedict Taylor aud Charles Smith.
Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs and Miss Virginia
Fair arrived here from Newport, R. 1., last
Saturday, and are occupying the Fair mansion,
1122 Pine street. Their visit will be ; brief.
Mrs. George Crocker and the Misses Alice
and Birdie Rutherford went to Del Monte last
Monday for a couple of weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. William S. Tevis ore Btill at
Santa Monica,
Miss Daisy Van Ness has been at Santa
Monica for several weeks. A dancing party
was given there in her honor recently at the
residence oi Senator John P. Jones.
Mrs. John A. Darling will remain at Paso
Kobles a couple of weeks more.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Philip Smith of Santa Cruz
vere at Interlaken. Switzerland, when last
heard from. They are expected home late in
October.
Lansing O. Kellogg is visiting at Santa
Monica.
Mrs. Louis B. Parrott and family have re
turned home after a prolonged absence in
Europe. Mr. Parrott met them in New York
City and accompanied them to this City.
Mrs. C. A. Spreckels has been visiting Mr.
and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels in San Rafael dur
iug the past week.
Mrs. J. O'J3. Gunn and the Misses Gunn have
been at the Hotel del Monte during the past
week.
Mrs. Isaac. Hecht, Mrs. Helen Hecht and Miss
Elsie Hecht have made a tour through Salz
burg and Switzerland, end are now passing a
month in the Black Forest.
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. K. Xuttall are occupying
their residence on Jackson street, after passing
the season in San Ratael.
Mrs. E. M. Chabot, Miss Chabot, Miss Kate
Chabot and Miss Clare Chabot of Oakland are
traveling in Washington, and will not return
until early in November.
Mrs. C. C. Butler and Miss Emma Butler will
return to the City early in November, after a
prolonged absence in the Eastern States.
Mrs. M. w. Longstreet is passing the autumn
at Santa Monica.
Mrs. J. A. Folger, Athearn Folger and Ernest
Foiger have returned to Oakland, after pass
ing the summer in San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Rosenstock are at the
Palace Hotel, after passing two months at the
Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. I. N. Walter and Miss Marian Walter
have left Santa Cruz and will pass the re
mainder of this month in San Jose.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Hicks of Los Angeles
are passing several weeks at Santa Monica.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Stern have leased the resi
dence of A. P. Hotaling on Franklin street for
the coming season.
Miss Mofiie Phelan has leased the home of
Mr. and Mrs. James A. Robinson at Redwood
City for the autumn aud winter.
Mrs. William Willis and Ml A India W. Scott
have been visiting Mrs. John F. Boyd at Oak
wood Park Farm, in Contra Costa County.
Mr. and Mr». E. Jlurke Hoiladay have been
visiting at Paso Robles.
Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Spence of San Jose will
leave e»rly in October for Europe, where they
will travel for a couple ofyears.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Hodges Tolerof Auburn have
been visiting Mrs. Henry Wetherbee in Fruit
vale for several days.
Mrs. Harry Jerome and Miss Marie Zane are
passing a few weeks at the Hotel Rafael.
Mrb. William Kohl aud Miss Mamie Kohl,
who are traveling in Europe, will sail from
England early in October on the White Star
steamship Teutonic, so as to arrive in Phila
delphia in time to attend the wedding of C. F.
Kohl and Miss Dunlap.
Mr. and Mrs. William Irving Finch will pass
the winter at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred C. Peterson have re
turned to Belvedere after a visit to Castle
Crag.
Mr. and Mrs. Webster Jones and Miss Cohen
are at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Bverson will return to
- Oakland on October 1, after passing the sum
mer at Belvedere.
Mrs. William H. Mills and Miss Eva Wlthrow
returned from Sacramento last Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs>. Frank .). Sullivan have returned
to the City, after passing several months at
Phelan Park, in Santa Cruz.
Robert P. Greer has been passing the week at
the Hotel Rafael.
Dr. and Mrs. Byron W. Haines will pass the
winter in their cottage at Belvedere.
Mies Thelma Havens of Oakland is visiting
Mrs. G. L. Bradley at the Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. L. L. BaKer has returned from Belve
dere, where she passed the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. R viand B. Wallace and family
will remain at the Hotel Katael during the
winter. Mr?. G. L. Bradley of Oakland is pass
ing several weeks with her daughter, Mrs. Wal
lace, prior to her departure for Europe.
Mrs. Witcher Jones has returned from a visit
to Lake County.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Bond are to pass tne win
ter at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. John Osgood Harron, Tracy
Wilmerdlng Harron and Mrs. Bessie T. Smith
are i.assing a few weeks in Sonoma County.
Mr. and slrs. A. W. Scholle will pass the "win
ter at the Hotel Rafael.
O. M. Braniian arrived in New Yorfc City last
Tuesday. He is expected to return hereabout
September 'Ji.
Mrs. J. Uhler Hastings has taken rooms at
the Hotel Rafael for the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Schroeder have secured
rooms at the Hotel Rafael for the winter sea-
Mrs. A. Megahan and Misses Amber and
Mabel Megahun of 806 Madison street, Oak
land, have returned from Mill Valley, where
they spent their vacation.
The Misses Adelaide and Jennie Cherry have
returned from a European trip and will be at
home at 1304 Pine street on the first and third
Tuesdays.
Mrs. C. Coleman has returned from her
northern trin and will be pleased to see her
friends on Monday afternoons at 1606 Post
street.
MiM Annie Rehn, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Rehn of this City, has returned from
St. Louis, where she has been on a visit to her
aunt, Mrs. Osterhaus, formerly oi this City.
Francis Stuart has returned from a summer
abroad.
Miss Helen A. Cashman is visiting in Santa
Barbara as the guest of Mrs. Charles Pierce.
Mrs. Schiller, with her daughter Nellie, and
Mrs. A. Fried left for China on the steamer
Olympia.
Dr. and Mrs. Bullitt, formerly Miss Clare Ral-
Fton, left on Wednesday for their new b jme in
Kentucky.
Mr. and Mrs. George B. Root of the Gilroy
Hot Springs and a party of iriends have lett
on a six week*' hunting and fishing trip to
Washineton. The others in the party are Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Nolan, Miss Kiltie Nolan, ,
Miss Genevieve Nolan, William Kruse and
William Cunningham.
Mrs. Luke Robinson has returned from her
visit to Honolulu.
Coronado.
George Foster, brother of ex-Secretary of
State John \x. Foster, has roturned with his
family to occupy his Coronado residence, after
several months' absence in the East.
F. W. Hall of San Francisco, son-in-law of
Crosby S. Noyes, editor of the Washington
(D. C.) Evening Stur, is visiting Mr. Noyes and
family at the hotel, accompanied by Mrs. Hall
and two children.
F. W. Hall and S. C. Pardee of San Francisco
have been doing some famous fishing at the
banks here. Their fine catch of mackerel,
yellowiai'., barracuda and base was displayed
in the hotel office the other evening, exciting
much admiration.
E. D. Xeff. son-in-law of Andrew McNally of
Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago, is here, accom
panied by Mrs. Neff and children.
John P. Dunning, manager of the Associated
Press, San Francisco, and F. K. Truett, agent
of the Associated Press, Los Angeles, spent
Bundav at the hotel.
F. A. Holdsworth, London, England, spent a
few days at the hotel early in the week. Mr.
Holdsworth was at one time manager of the
Lower California Development Company.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Humphrey, San Francisco,
were recent guests here.
Alfred H. Wilcox and Mrs. M. A. Wilcox and
maid are recent San Francisco arrivals at the
hotel.
8. ('. Pardee of San Francisco entertained
with a sailing party on Wednesday.
H. M. Lutz, vice-president of the National
Bank of California, Los Angeles, is with bis
family occupying a tuite of rooms at Hotel del
Coronado.
J. H. Mangels of San Francisco is a guest here,
having made the trip by steamer.
A couple of wild coyotes have been added to
the "happy family" at Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Gibson of San Fran-
Cisco are sojourning here. Mr. Gibson is a
brother of W. D. K. Gibson, treasurer of the J.
D. Sprockels Company.
A fasnionabie assemblage including about
forty guests from the hotel were received at
the residence of W. Austin Goodman on Tues
day, the occasion being an "at home" and in
formal house-warming. Cut flowers decorated
all the rooms and punch and light refresh
ments were served in the dining-room. Mrs.
Goodman was assisted in receiving by Mrs.
John C. Healy of Cincinnati. Rev. Dr. W. C.
Chichester of Los Angeles christened the house
and chose the name Del Mar (by the sea).
Mrs. Godfrey HolterhoS entertained with a
bowling party on Tuesday evening. Mrs.
HolterhofTs sister, Mrs. Bishop, is also at the
hotel with her husband, W. T. Bishop Jr. of
Los Angeles.
The Rev. George Nelson Deyo of Christ
Church (Episcopal), Coronado, has accepted a
call to Si. Luke's Church, Los Gatos, and goes
thither about the 15th inst.
Among the August brides at the hotel are
Mrs. E. C. Balbach, niece of Colonel Stratton,
the Cripple Creek mining millionaire; Mr. and
Mrs. Balbach, whose home is in Omaha, are
prolonging their visit into September; Mrs.
George D. Ruddy of Los Angeles (nee Miss Ella
Giles), whose reputation in the literary field is
well established, and Mrs. C. C. Bufflngton
(nee Miss Maude L. Mosgrove), also of Los An
geles.
The Hotel dol Coronado pier will soon be
known as the "fisherman's heaven." An un
precedented catch of yellowtail has been in
progress from there throughout the entire
week.
Wilford Woodruff, president of the Mormon
church, and George Q. Cannon, formerly Con
gressman from Utah, have been visiting Coro
nado, accompanied by their families. Presi
dent Woodruff, although past 90, is an enthu
siastic fisherman and assisted at a day's sport
of deep-sea fishing here, where the catch was
600 pounds an hour.
J. L. Maude, State Highway Commissioner,
and J. H. Watkins, secretary of the Bureau of
Highways, have been guests at the hotel for a
few days.
]ra Leo Bamberger, a New York attorney,
who commands an extensive practice among
the theatrical profession of that city, has been
visiting Coronado, accompanied by his wile
and his father, Leopold Bamberger of San
Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank A. Bradley of Cincinnati
gave a farewell dinner at thair cottage on the
beach on Friday evening for Mrs. Vun Zandt.
wife of Cashier George Van Zandt of the Prairie
State National Bank of Chicago. Mrs. Van
Zandt and children have spent some eight
months on the beach.
Miss O'Connor, daughter of Cornelius O'Con
nor of San Francisco, lias joined her sister,
Miss Tiny O'Connor, at the hotel.
B. L. Davis and T. C. Shanklatid were recent
San Francisco visitors here, also Mr. and Mrs.
F. A. Beckett and child.
Hotel Rafael.
Among the recent arrivals at the Hotel Ra
fael are Judge R. B. Carpenter and Miss Clark
of San Francisco, Mrs. Gregory, of Los Angeles,
Will Irving Finch and family, Mrs. Jerome and
Miss Marie Zane, J. B. Schroeder and fnmily,
G. A. Finnegan and family, Mrs. J. Uhler
Hastings, A. W. Scholle and family, A. C. Bond
and family, R. B. Wallace and family, Mrs. G.
L. Bradley, Miss Thclma Havens, "Mr. and
Mrs. Webster Jones, E. L. Coleman and family,
William Northrope Cowles, Colonel F. S. Chad
bourne, J. F. Bergin, Captain D. A. Smith, Mrs.
Umbsen and Miss Emma Umbsen, Miss Cohn.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Birthdays Are Pleasantly Ccl-
EBRATED IN THE FASHION.
A surprise party was given to Mr. and Mrs.
Ernest Lindauer at their home on Bryant
street, on Saturday evening. The guests were :
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Stockton, Mr. and Mrs. R.
Gordon, Mr. and Mrs. O. Walling, Mr. and Mrs.
Lockyer, Mr. and Mrs. N. Wirtz, Miss T.
Mayers, Miss Anna Mayers, Misa Lizzie Hogan,
Misß Aggie Kearns, Miss Mazie Gardener, Miss
Katherine O'Brien, Miss Kate Murphy, Miss
Emma Lindauer, Miss Helen Lindauer, Miss
Ruby- Stockton, George W. Sherman, George
Vause. J. Hackett, Louis Mayers, Vincent N.
Smith, Fred Harris, Frank Splaine, H. Heat
horn and Herbert Stockton.
Miss Laura Peterson was the recipient of a
very enjoyable birthday party at her parents'
home, 117 Ettie street. Oakland, on Saturday
evening. >The guests were: Miss Laura Peter-
Bon, Miss Emma Johnson, Miss Carrie Rent),
Miss Eda Han.-on, Miss Sadie Puilis, Miss
Frances Preece, Miss Annie Baltz, Miss Annie
Brown, Miss Tiliie Hill, Miss Annie Madsen,
Miss Hattie Nissen, Miss Gussie Rouse, James
Terkelsou, Chris Peterson, George Hansen.
John Peterson, George Alzou, C. H. Cohen, L.
Younge, Martin Masen, Will Moskiman,
George E. Marshall, Paul I. Daniels.
Jt kso A. Miller of 115 Fillmore street was the
recipient of a surpris-e parly on Saturday even
ine, which was a very pleasant affair. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Jesse A. Miller,
Mr. and Mrs. Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. Brown, A.'r.
and Mrs. Kroeaer, Mr. and Mrs. M. Dunbar,
Mr. and Mrs. V. Andler, Mr. and Mr?. Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. Coleman, Mr. Sleeper, Miss
Brower, Joe McGinnes, Misb Raphael Casey,
Harry Chambers, Mlks May Mclntyre, Miss
Madge Dieney. Miss Sue P. Bchoen, Dr. Verdy
Bnsch, Miss Bertie Oesting, Alfred Heslop,
Miss Annie Kramer, Dr. Treyer, Professor A.
Tickknor, Miss Phoebe Brown, and Master
Oesting. Songs were rendered by Clarence
Brown, Josepu McGlnnes, Professor Ticknor,
Miss SueSchoen and Miss Bertie Oesting.
A surprise party was given to Mi&s Jewel
Kenefick, Saturday evening, September 6, at
her home at 718 Capp street. Among those
present were: Miss Jewel Kenefick, Miss
Mamie Keneflck, Miss Marie Hanavan, Miss
Madge Uanavan, Miss Fannie Bulman, Miss
Kitty Bulman, Miss May Beebe, Miss Mar
guerite Michel, Miss Maggie Ryan, Miss Kitty
Saidie, Miss Koee Smith. Miss Minnie Wall,
Miss Belle Bouts, Miss Annie Wochter. Miss
Annie Sale, Miss Josie Boccard, Miss Mabel
Miller, Miss May Kiely, Miss Ella
Kielv, Miss Kitty McCabe, Miss Nel
lie Foley, Mist Alice Bellia, Mits Stacia
MeClain, Miss Ella McClain, Miss Alice Ander
son, Richard Kenefick. Neal Kenoflck, John
Kenefick, John Hanavan, William Hanavan,
Boswell Kennift, Joseph Flynn, Frank Nolan,
Eugene' Fitzgerald, Joseph Fitzgerald, Alfred
Smith, Mirch Winters, George Gilbert, James
Reede, Peter Bonney, William Kosel, Ben
Crawford, Henry Kalo, Frank Lucior. Frank
McClain, Theodore McClain, James Foley, Mr,
and Mrs. Kenerick. Mr. aud Mrs. Hanavan,
Mrs. McClain, Mrs. Bellia.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Two Interesting Betrothals
of the Past Week.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Coleman announce the
engagement of their daughter, Martha, to M.
R. Flelschman.
The engagement is announced of Victor M.
Rciter, steward of the Palace Hotel, and Miss
Augusta Pages, sinter of Jules Pages of 1316^
O'Farrell stn.et. The wedding will be cele
brated during November.
DINNER PARTY
Miss Kathleen Kelly Is Mrs.
McEnerney's Guest of
Honor.
Mrs. McEnernev gave an elaborate dinner
party at her home, 2480 Martet street, on
Monday complimentary to Miss Kathleen
Kelly. Tha decorations of the table wete La
France roses and pink geraniums. After din
ner the party occupied boxes at the Baldwin
Theater. The others present were: Mrs. John
Kerreesn, the Misses Rose end Maggie Kelly.
Miss Kittle Wheelan, Miss Mayme Cailaghan,
Bert McEnerney, Edward Bttrnes, G. Jennings,
Percy Osgood and Charlei Gilbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, ±»9H.
HERE COMES THE CAMPAIGN GIRL
"Change Your Suit."
"A DEVELOPMENT OF THE ASK FOR
TRUMPS."
The writings of Major-General A. W.
Drayson for some reason have been be
yond the understanding of the average
American whist - player, or they have
never been read ; it certainly must be one
thing or the other. How the whist-play
ers of this country can overlook or ignore
the writings of so great a man as Drayson
is beyond our comprehension. Because a
man writes and publishes a book is no
reason we should place him on a pedestal
and worship him as a "great whist light."
Far from it. The whist woods are full of
such writers now — like ourselves, for in
stance.
But when a man writes as Drayson
has written, &ni his ideas being adopted
without credit to the author, it is cer
tainly not the proper spirit to entertain.
For example, in 1879 we received from the
press a copy of "The Art of Practical
Whist," the first edition, and Drayson ad
vocated the lead of the penultimate (the
last but one) from suits of five, and the
antepenultimate (the one before the last
but one) from suits of six, and four pages
of this book were devoted to demonstrat
ing the advantages of this lead. Six years
later "Cavendish" compiled a book on the
subject, adopts the play under another
name, and forgets to mention Drayson's
name. Again, in 1870, Drayson advances
the idea of making an irregular opening
lead to call for trumps through an honor
turned. It was twenty-three years before
it was adopted by any club in this coun
try. In 1885 N. B. Trist introduced an in
novation in the game called the "sub
echo," proclaiming the holding of three
trumpß exactly— after telling your partner
you have not four.
The writer received a letter from Trist
in the sprirg of 1886, explaining this play,
and has use 1 it with advanced players
ever since, but it tooK eight years to get it
into a whist book. Then Cavendish puts
it into an "appendix" in his twenty-first
edition.
General Drayson says, "So slowly does
anything new become either generally
known or practiced that it occupied six
years before the 'American leads' were
ever submitted to trial." Some thirteen
years ago General Drayson submitted to
the whist-players a novelty that does not
yet appear to be understood. It is the
headlines of this article:
"Change your suit." "A development
of the ask for trumps."
We will usk all our readers to carefully
note what we say on the subject and give
this play your careful consideration.
Many years ago, when the system was
introduced of playing an unnecessarily
high card, when you wished your partner
to lead you a trump, this system was
termed "asking for trumps" and "sig
naling." i now venture to suggest that
these terms should be expunged, and that
in their place whist-players should call
this system an intimation that the person
so playing an unnecessarily high card
wishes that on his partner gaining the
lead the partner should "change his suit
to irumps."
My reason for considering this chance
of term desirable is a most important one,
and the change of term tends to prepare
the minds of whist-players for that which
I now propose.
Suppose you aesire that trumps should
be led, and it is your partner's lead. Your
partner leads king of hearts, diamonds
being trumps; to this king oi hearts you
play the five of hearts; your partner, then
leads ace of hearts, to this you play the
two of hearts; Dy such play you tell your
partner to "cuange his suit to trumps."
Your partner alter a time will find it just
as easy to say, you asked me to "change
the suit to trumps" as he now finds it to
say "You askeJ me for trumps," or "You
signaled."
It having become a conventional term
to say "You asked me to change my suit
to trumps," I now come to a development
of this system which will enable those
players who adopt it to convey to their
partners information which may, and will
on many occasions, be worth two or even
three tricks.
As at present understood, suppose my
partner held no trumps', or the thirteenth
trump, or the losing trump when the win
ning trump was in the hand of an ad
versary, and suppose he led the king of a
suit and followed it by the ace; to his
king I play the four, to the ace I play the
two; he would, accordijg to the present
understood conventional system, say, "Mv
partner is asking for trumps," when I
have none, or ii he held the thirteenth
WHIST
trump be would say, "My partner is asK
ing me to lead the thirteenth trump, so
his 'ask' must be a mistake."
If, however, he was accustomed to say
"My partner is asking me to chancre my
suit, and it cannot be that tie expects me
to lead him a trump, as I have none, or
only one — he therefore wishes me to
change my suit from that I am now lead
ins.", This change of suit toward the end
of the game, when all, or nearly all, the
trumps are out; is oTten of the greatest im
portance. The following example will
show the value of th.: system which I
wish to bring into notice. .
I held seven cards, viz. : queen and ten of
hearts (the twelfth and thirteenth of that
suit), the eight, and four of spades; the
ace, ten and two of diamonds; my partner
held the king, four and three of diamonds;
the ace, king, seven and two of spades,
clubs were trumps and were all out, no
spades had been led and no diamonds had
been led.
The lead was with my right adversary,
who led a small diamond to this I played
my two, third hand played queen and my
partner won with king.
My partner then led king of spades,
second hand • played a small spade, I
played my eight and fourth hand a small
spade; my partner then led ace of spades,
second. hand played a small spade, on this
I threw my four of spades, and fourth
hand played a small spade. This was the
turning point of the game; on my left
wer e 'he queen, knave and nine of spades,
m partner knew that I held the two re
maining hearts, and the adversaries baa
show ll strength in diamonds; it appeared,
therefore, that I was more likely to get
the lead with a spade than I was if
he led a diamond. He therefore con
tinued his lead of spades; second
hand discarded a diamond, I dis
carded ten of diamonds, fourth
hand won with nine of spades, and then
made queen and knave of spades; the ace
of diamonds being the only trick I made
out of my six remaining cards, my part
ner naturally said: vi could not make
out what you meant by askine for trumps;
there was no meaning in it, as all the
trumps were out. I had nothing but
spades and two small diamonds in my
hand, the- adversaries having led dia
monds I thought it safer to continue
spades"; and my partner certainly com
mitted no fault in play by so continuing
his spade. if, however, he had been ac
customed to say: "Sly partner, by playing
his eight of spades before his four, is "ask
ing me to change my suit to trumps; ' but
as I have no trumps he must mean me to
change my suit, and a diamond is the
only thing I can lead him"— if he led me
a diamond I should have finessed my ten,
then made ace of diamonds and the two
remaining hearts, thus winning three
more tricks than if my partner continued
with a spade.
TO BE CONTINUED ITBXT BCSDA.Y.
Something |leW ir\ Whist.
Beginning with this issue of The Call
we will publish each Sunday a deal at
whist that was played in Ihe Trist Du
plicate Whist Club on the Tuesday even
ing previous, the deals occurring in actual
play and being furnished to the whist ed
itor of The Call by the whist experts
whose names will be published with the
play. The first one is from Major-General
A. W. Drayson. In writing to the editor
he says:
"It^ gives me great pleasure to comply
with your request of furnishing a deal in
which 1 have given a practical example of
the reverse discard.- I have not' given an
extreme case, but one that occurred long
ago in actual play and when I was testing
the value of this whist conversation. It
may be true that an opportunity for using
this does not frequently occur, neverthe
less you have it in your pocket if re
quired." - ■
DEAL NO- L
From Major-General A. W. Drayson,
showing the reverse discard, as explained
in last Sunday's Call:
. .*•• ♦— A, J
V— J, 10, 8. 3
♦—A. 5, 4, 3
O— A. 7. 5
i* \
♦-6. 4, 3 4-9, 7. ft
C— A, Q, 7 , w _. o— K, 9. 6, 2
*-K,J,7,6 W E *-aiO
O— K,B, 3 o— 10, 9
- ■ • " , S
♦-K,Q,10,8.2
O-4, 3
+-9, 8, 2
H$§ED O— «. 4, 2
. Three of hearts tramps. West to lead. The
winning card is underscored.
■ ■ ■ ■• ••--•• . ■ I • ■
TRICKS. | SOOTH. WEST.. NORTH. EAST.
I
1.... .....;...; 2* ; '6* j 3+ "o*"
2 30 QO : 'SO 2O
3.: 40 ac? 80* 6O
4........v.:;.v 4O 7O - IOO ! ko
5 20 I KO AQ 90
6- :8+ ■ 30 .*>V 90
7...-.;-.:.; i...-;. 2* : ,1- 3* .'■ . A» 5*
,8,..^. ...„.,.; Q» -r 4* j -»)♦- 7* .
9-V -351 8* 50 9*
i0»'...\. ;.....: iq» ■7+ 4* i 100
n..::.;.-....... 8» 80 TO JO
12.:.;.......... 94. ro+[• A» 10+
13-.. :.j, 60 ; K» i 5+ QO I
THICKS.
score: North and South 8, East and West 5.
DRAYSON'S NOTES OR COMMENTS
ON THE PLAY.
"At the fourth trick South discard 4 of
diamonds and by this discard tells North
that diamonds are his strongest suit, but
at fifth trick South discards 2 (two) of
diamonds, and thus negatives his first
discard and proclaims spades his strongest
suit. If South at fourth tricfc had dis
carded 2 of spades he would have won
only six or seven tricks instead of eight.
East is almost bound to lead a diamond at
fifth trick as he imagines through the
strong hand. This 'reverse discard' I have
found very effective. A. W. Dhayson."
Whistlets.
T. E. Otis, director of the American
Whist League, is conducting the whist
department of the Newark Evening News
of Newark, N. J. It is as far ahead of the
Sun's whist articles as the sun is of the
moon. What Mr. Otis says you can rely
on.
The latest novelty out for whist-players
are "whist stamps" for recording play,
making illustrative diagrams, etc. They
can be procured at a very small expense
from H. K. Brewer & Co., 60 Liberty street
New York.
The A. W\ L. challenge trophy was won
at the last congress by the New York
Whist Club. They hold it until the middie
of Oc<ober; frorathat date they have to
defend it. All challenges sent prior to
September 1 rank as of the same date, and
take precedence by lot. The drawings
took place at the home of President Walter
H. Barney at Providence, R. 1., and here
is the order in which the matches will
take place:
First, Philadelphia Whist Club, Phila
delphia; second. New Jersey Whist Club of
Newark; third. Narrangansett Whist Club of
Providence; fourth, Brooklyn Whist CIQD,
Brooklyn; fifth, Hamilton Club of Phila
delphia; sixth, Boston Duplicate Whist Club,
Boston; seventh, Arm Rita Club ot Pough
keepsle; eighth, Baltimore Whist Club;
ninth, Capitol Bicycle Ciub of Washington;
tenth, Wilmington Whist Club; eleventh,
American Whist Club of Boston; twelfth,
Knickerbocker Field Club oi Brooklyn; thir
teenth. Pnrk Club of Plalnfleld, N. J. ; fouT
teonth, Staten Island Whist Clnb, New
Brighton; fifteenth, Albany Clnb; sixteenth,
Newton Club; seventeenth. Columbia Athletic
Club. Washington; eighteenth, Albany Chess
and Whist Club.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club hangs
the latchstring out Thursday and Satur
day evenings. They also extend an inv£
tation to the ladies to come to the club
rooms Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Every lady in the City who loves whist
will be made wttcotne.
We will give the names next week of
those who have sent us correct solutions
to our last whist problem.
Two new styles of duplicate whist trays
have just been put upon the market— the
"octagon system" and the "Kalamazoo
folding." The best one that ever came
out is the "Paragon," such as are used in
the Trist club.
Oakland Whist CHub.
The annual meeting of the Oakland
Whist Club was held Saturday evening,
Septembers, The following officers were
elected: President, John D. Eby; vice
president, E. F. Palmer; recording secre
tary, R. J. Robinson; corresponding sec
retary, S. J. Taylor; treasurer, Dr. E. L.
Dow; directors, J. J. Weston, E. M.
Walsh, Mrs. 8. L. Everett, Misa Brown.
Play for the Lukens cup begins Mon
day, September 21, continuing four Mon
day evenings; Wednesday afternoon, la
dies' game; Saturday evenings, visitors'
nights. It is a pleasure to state that the
Oakland Whist Club is in excellent shape,
financially, and many applications for
membership are coming in.
FASHIONABLE CLUBS
THAT ENTERTAIN
Social Organizations Pre
pare for the Fall
Season.
Announcement Made of Recep
tions, Dances and En
tertainments.
The Lebanon Church Ice-Cream So
cial-Caiifornia Council No. i,
D. of F., Entertain.
An entertainment of unusual interest in so
ciety circles will be given by Frank Lincoln,
the humorist, on Friday evening, September
18, at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, under the
auspices of Mrs. Stephen J. Field, Mrs. H. E.
Huntington, Mrs. William H. Mills, Mrs.
Rounsevelle Wlldman, Mrs. E. B. Pond, Mrs.
John H. Jewett, Mrs. Homer King and Mrs. S.
W. Holladay.
The twentieth grand annual prize shooting
and picnic of the Independent Rifles, L.
Schneider captain commanding, will be held
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on Sunday,
September 27.
Columbia Lodge No. 127, L O. O. 8., will
give a festival and ball Wednesday evening,
September SO, at B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy street.
The Mystics will give their twenty-second
evening dress party at Native Sons Hall on
Tuesday evening, September 15. Invita
tions must be presented and evening dress
will be strictly enforced.
This Sunday, September 13, at Eintracht
Hall, 238 Twelfth street, at 8 p. if., the presen
tation of diplomas won by active members at
the biannual Turn Festival at Santa Cruz,
also distribution of medals for the year end
ing September, 1896, will be held.
The Polk-street Merchants' Club will give
an informal hop and candy pull at Hin man's
Assembly Hall, 1412 Polk street, on Wednes
day evening next, for which ingeniously de
vised invitations have been issued.
Messrs. Gustav Hinrichs and Sigmund Beel
announce a series of three symphony concerts
to take place at the Baldwin Theater on al
ternate Friday afternoons at 3:15 o'clock,
October 16 and 30 and November 13.
The orchestra will be composed of fifty able
musicians. A number of new compositions
will be performed during the season. Among
others It is proposed to produce some of the
following works: "Hussitza," overture
(Dvorak); "In Der Natur," overture (Dvorak);
"Academic," overture (Brahms); complete
music to Byron's "Manfred" (Schumann); bal
let music to "Henry V" (St. Satins); suite, "Sur
les Montaignes" fGodard); Dallet suite, "The
Sleeping Beauty"(TschaikowsKy); ''Hansel and
Gretel," selections (Humperdiuk); "Liebes-
N'ovelle"— strings only — (Krug); overture,
scherzo and finale (Schumann) and excerpts
from Wagner's Music Dramas. The price of
single subscriptions for the three concerts is
$2 50; boxes, $20.
The boys of the White House to the number
of twenty, accompanied by J. W. Allain, had
a very enjoyable time campinsr over night on
the side of Mount Tamalpais. The trip was
made partly during the night, and the boys
enjoyed themselves thoroughly.
The Independent Freethought Spiritualists'
Society, Dr. C. H. Rin-es president, gave a
social and dance at 909 Market street on Mon
day evening, which was quite largely attended
and was a very enjoyable affair. Among those
presenfwere: Mesdames Lizzie Sawyer, Emily
Seeley, Drusilla Winchester, E. Young, Annie
Shrlner, C. Cornelius, Dr. and Mrs. Mullen
bruech and George Reed.
California Council No. 1, D. of F., gave a
very charming entertainment on Friday even
ing, September 11. An excellent programme
was presented and well received by the large
audience present. The affair was in aid of the
sick and funeral fund and netted a goodly
sum.
The ladies of Lebanon Church gave an ice
cream social last Friday evening in the assem
bly rooms of the church. A very pleasant
evening was spent and the following well
rendered programme was presented under the
direction of E. P. Kohler: Address, Rev. D. M.
Ross; piano duet, Misses Bellman and Mathe
sou; mandolin and piano duet, Misses Graff;
vocal solo, Miss Fecko; recitation, Miss Leslie
Sarle; trio, the Misses Benett: piano solo. Miss
Collett; vocalsolo, Miss Pearl Hossack; recita
tions, E. P. Kohler.
SEPTEMBER WEDDINGS
Society Has a Busy Week At
tending Marriage Cere
monies.
The marriage of Miss Fanny Aaron, daughter
Of Mr. and Mrs. David Aaron of 626 Golden
Gate avenue of this City, to Abe L. Brown of
Marysville, Cal., took place on Sunday, the 6th
inst., at the above address. The wedding was
strictly private, only immediate relatives be
ing present. The Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy of
ficiated.
After the ceremony the young couple de
carted for a short trip. Mr. and Mr. Brown
will return in about ten days to San Francisco,
after which they will make Marysville, where
Mr. Brown is engaged in business, their future
home.
The marriage of Miss Mabel Houston to Dr.
Jesse William Lazear of Baltimore took place
very quietly in St. Luke's Church on Wednes
day afternoon, the Bth.
The Hon. William J. Biggy, State Senator for
he Twenty-hrst Senatorial District in this
City, aud Miss Luoy McDonough, only daugh
ter of Thomas MoDonoueh of 1111J4 York
street, were married Monday morning at the
Holy Cross Church, the Rev. Father McGJnty
officiating, assisted by the Rev. Father Me-
Quade. The best man was A. McGinty, brother
of the celebrant, and Miss Marie McDonougn,
a cousin of the bride, was the maid of honor.
Only a few intimate friends were present, and
after the ceremony a breakfast was served at
the home of the bride's faiher. The newly
married couple left for Del Monte on the after
noon train.
The wedding of Richard Speckter of Twenty
first and Mission streets and Mlss Sophie
Dieckmann, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H.
Dieckmann, who reside in the Potrero. took
place at 8 o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Lutheran St. Johannes Church, on Twenty
second street. The sacred edifice was filled
with friends of the two families.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Mr. Shrader. Miss Nora Garms acted as maid
of honor and Henry Drews as best man.
After the ceremony a reception was held at
Native Sons' Hall, on Seventeenth street. The
hall was aDpropriately adorned, and about
300 friends assembled to tender their congrat
ulations to the happy pair. Dancing was in
dulged in and at midnight an elaborate sup
per was served.
Milton Pray of San Francisco and Miss Anna
Day were married at the home of the brides
parents, Mr. and Mrp. J. C. Day, at the Willows
in Santa Clara County, on Wednesday The
ceremony was performed by the Rev Dr Wil
ley of San Francisco. The flower girls ' Miss
Beulah Gray and Miss Clara Allen of Nevada
MEW TO-PAT.
From F.S. Journal of Xedictne.
F© . Prof.W. H. Peeke,
. A. j,^ who makes a special-
tri Iftjty of Epilepsy,, has
i II doubt treat-
JL M. w^Jed and cured more
cases than any living
ft Physician;
VUlCUtehve
, heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone wishing a cure
to address
, *ro£W.H.PEEKE,F.D.,4CeuarSt.N.Y.
led the bridal party. Miss Fannie Pray of San
Francisco was the maid of honor and Frank B.
King of this city the best man. The young
couple left for Del Monte and on their return
to San Francisco will reside at 2121 Buchanan
Miss" Louise C. HecKer, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Adolph Hecker, and Henry A. Weicharc
were married last Wednesday at the residence
of the bride's parents, 1535 Webster street,
Alameda, the Rev. H. E. J. Ongerth, pastor of
the German Lutheran church, officiating.
Only intimate friends and relatives were pres
ent. Mr. and Mrs. Weichart will reside on
Railroad avenue, between Fifth and Sixth
Miss Barbara Bech of San Francisco and Wil
lard H. Qulncy were married on Wednesday
last at the home of the groom's uncle. Captain
F. M. Quincy. in San Jose. The wedding was
first announced to take place in this City, but
owing to the illness of the groom it was par
formed in San Jose. After a trip to the south
ern portion of the State, the couple will reside
in Santa Clara.
Miss Amelia A. Hammersmith and Hanry 8.
Jramman, both of Alameda, were married at
the residence of the bride, 1174 Paric avenue,
on Wednesday, the Rev. Henry Victor Morgan
performing the ceremony.
James E. Cone and Mrs. Katie Wetwl were
married at St. Francis de Sales Church, in Oak
land, on Thursday. The Rev. Father Mc-
Sweeney officiated. The reception was held at
the residence of the bride's mother, and on
the following day Mr. and Mrs. Cone left for
Del Monte. The guests at the reception were:
Mrs. Wetzel, J. J. Averhill, Lawyer Chadbourne
and wife, Jarishlt. Boj^e, Mr. and Mrs. Nelson,
E. Murphy, E. Horn, A. Goddard, Mr. and Mrs.
Coyne, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Robinson, F. Mitch
ell, Mr. Harrington, F. Stirling, Mr. and Mrs.
McKnew, Mrs. W. Langhlan, Mrs. Dolan, Miss
F. Dolan, Miss R. Dolan, Miss A. Coyne, Miss
L. Kirk, Miss M. Logan, Miss Remington, Miss
E. Kelly, Miss B. Kelly.
Miss Camilla Redmond, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. M. F. Redmond, and Otto A. Harsllnger
were married at St. Dominic's Church at noon
on Wednesday. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. Faiher Jones. Carl Goetz was the
best man and Miss Emma Redmond the maid
of honor. After a breakfast served at the home
of the bride's parents the young couple left
for the southern portion of the State on a bridal
tour.
OAKLAND TEA
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller's Elabo
rate Reception for Miss
Annie Miller.
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller gave an elaborate tea at
her home on Madison street, Oakland, on
Thursday, complimentary to Miss Annie Mil
ler, who has recently returned from Europe.
Mrs. Miller was assisted in receiving her
guests by Mrs. Webster Jones of Ross Valley,
Miss Marguerite Jolllffe, Miss Kate Clement,
Mrs. P. E. Bowles. The guests Included Mrs.
George H. Wheaton, Mrs. EJson Adams, Mrs.
John B. Mhoon, Miss Belle Mhoon, Mrs. R. G.
Brown, Mrs. John Glascock, Mrs. Isaac
Requa, Mrs. Will Hanshaw, Mrs. Ores
tes Pierce, Mrs. J. H. T. Watkinson, Mrs.
Will Magec. Mrs. Thomas Magee, Mrs. Fred 9.
Stratton, Mrs. George de Golia, Mrs. E. B.
Beck, Mrs. M. W. Kales, Mrs. A. Schilling, Mrs.
H. K. Beldcn, Mrs. Prentiss Selby. Mrs. Thomas
Prather, Mrs. Frank Brigham, Miss Herrick,
Miss J. Wat:. Misses Myra and Laura Prather, •
Miss Bertha Wilcox. Miss Jessie Glascock, Miss
Amy Requa, Miss Ida Belle Palmer, Miss Ethel
Cohen, Miss Josephine Amy McKee, Miss
Louise Brayton. Miss Josenhine Pierce, Miss
Florence Selby, Miss Coralie Selby, Miss Jessie
Coleman, Miss Ella Goodall, Miss Virginia de
Fremery, Miss Ella Morgan of San Francisco,
Miss Florence Green of Berkeley.
PERSONALS
Mrs. P. Goldberg and Mrs. P. Lewis of 727^
McAllister street will receive the first and
third Thursdays of the month.
Mrs. F. Leavick (formerly Jenny Franklin),
with her daughter and son, is stopping at the
Van Dyte.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot have taken rooms
at the Palace Hotel, where they expect to re
side for some time.
Miss Olivo Byrne of San Bernardino is the
guest of Miss Siberst at 2 Liberty street.
HOTEL DEL MAR.
Recent arrivals at the Hotel del Mar include
Miss A. M. Manning, Miss Philita Mohun, Miss
Mamie Mohun, Miss Margaret Kelly and maid.
Rev. P. J. Quinn, Rev. James J. Gannon, Rev.
Charles H. Ranom, San Francisco; Mits Ra
nom, Camptonville, Cal.
•—• — « — •
In the soath of France the pink means
pure affection. The peasant girls always
wear pinks at their weddings.
_ MEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THB
MAGQIOM KID GLOVES.
SPECIAL~VALUES
This Week
THAT CANNOT BE EQUALED
Ladies' ;
Unshrinkable
Underwear
3 A Wool and Cotton.
The most economical as well as the
most comfortable articles of Under-
wear ever made. We cordially invite
our patrons to inspect these goods,
whether with a view to purchase or not.
ladies' Unshrinkable
Jersey Ribbed Undershirts,
: High neck and long sleeves, in natural
color. Special price 75c each.
Ladies' Unshrinkable
Jersey Ribbed Drawers,
In natural color; they Come In tiro
styles, buttons on side and with strings.
Special price 75c each.
Ladies' Unshrinkable
Jersey Ribbed Combination Suits,
High neck and long sleeves, in black,
natural and white. Special price $1 60
a suit.
New Fall Underwear.
We are showing this week the most
complete assortment of Ladies' and
Children's Underwear ever shown in
this city, ranging from the cheapest
cotton to the finest silk, comprising
combination suits, equestrian tights,
shirts and drawers. Ladies will do
■well to inspect our gigantic stock be-
fore purchasing.
Mall Orders .Receive Our Prompt At-
tention.
NEWMAN & LEHKHL
125, 197, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 743 and 744 Market StSome JVir\ts or\
a Famous R\mr\er
BAIRDS BIOGRAPHY OF LAWRENCE E. MYERS THE
GREATEST ALL AROUND RUNNER THAT EVER
TROD THE CINDER PATH
1 As the years pass and recede behind us
we are conscious of great changes talcing
place, but in no affairs of life do greater
changes, in consideration of time, take
place than in athletics. Each year as we
take ui> the record tables and observe the
improvements made we nr.turaily wonder
whether there is any comparison between
the athlete of ten years ago ana of the
present day. In some respects I concede
that improved methods of training, better
cinder paths and experience of a general
character have contributed to great im
proTt-ment. But notwithstanding all this
I am constrained to believe that there was
one runner in the past who was equal to if
not superior to any man who now treads
the cinder path. That man was Lawrence
E. Myers of New York.
To write this man's athletic history iB a
most interesting task, and more of a pleas
ure than a task; and for the benefit of
those who enjoy athletic anecdote and
reminiscence, and the young aspirant to
athletic honors who is anxious to learn by
the experience of others, I have decided
to undertake the biography of this remark
able man.
Many years ago, while preparing the
material for my "Record Book," which
made me the official handicapper of the
old National Association, 1 came across the
publication where L. E. Myers was ga
zetted to the sporting wond. This was in
November. 1878. He did not win; indeed
I do not think he even gained second place,
but it was a beginning — and such a be
ginning 1
That winter he ran frequently in Madi
son-square Garden — an old amusement
hall, similar in some respectfe to our Me
chanics' Pavilion and since torn down.
Here he did not achieve distinction, but
he gained experience, occasionally winning
races ana sometimes losing. However, as
spring crept on his speed increased until lie
was recogn zed by alias a coming man. On
May 30 of that year, 1879, he met Edward
Merritt, who had won the championship!
at either a quarter or half a mile for three
successive years. The old champion beat
him, but it showed observing men that a
new quarter-mile runner was clamoring
for recognition. Nothing daunted by this
defeat the youner man kept to his training,
and by the 4th of July was running in
magnificent form. Patrons of athletics
were looking forward with delight to a
race between the subject of our sketch and
W. C. Wilmer, holder of the quarter-mile
record — :52 1-5 — but this was frustrated by
an accident to the latter.
During August ana the early part of
September, 1879, he kept steadily increas
ing in strength and speed until he reached
the 20th day of that month, the most
wonderiul day in athletics that had ever
been known. On that occasion a full set
of scratch events was given, like a cham
pionship nieetine. In all seven records
ware beaten, and two of these were accom
plished by Myers. The 220-yard course
was almost exactly like the Olympic
course — a sharp curve arid a long home
stretch. A year before Winner had ac
complished the distance in :22%. On the
occasion in question Myers ran it in :22J£
without serious trouble.
After a rest he was called out for the 440
yard. At the crack of the pistol he left
the mark with unusual alacrity and
started down the homestretch, for the
track was live laps to the mile and gave
him one lap and about ninety yards to
cover. The spectators, except his inti
mate friends, thought he was running 220
yards— at least they could not understand
such a rush but on that process of reason
ing. When he reached that mark, how
ever, he went by it with long, powerful
strides that electrified the audience. Al
though it was supposed to be a race, there
being other competitors, no one paid any
more attention to the others than if it was
an exhibition by the fleet-footed runner
from the Manhattan Athletic Club.
""When Myers reached the last curve the
astonished audience began to realize that
he was running at a pace hitherto un
dreamed of by the amateurs of the world."
So said one of the sporting journals of the
period. Aa he was rounding said curve he
began to feel that something was wrong
with one of bis running shoes and men
tioned the fact to a friend standing inside
the track as he passed him in full caieer.
Just as he entered the homestretch, 90
yards from home, the shoe mentioned
flew off. The only difference noticeable
was a slight twing as the naked foot struck
the caroon cinders, but the great athlete
was in for the record of the world and not
to be deterred by such trifles as this. The
homestretch even increased the wonder of
the audience, for it was marked by a dis
play of strenelh and vigor entirely unex
pected in one who had traveled at such a
pace.
The onlookers naturally waited in
breathless anxiety for the time, for it was
apparent to the most indifferent observer
that something n-markable must have
been accomplished, but when the result
wa- announced, and all present realized
that they had witnessed something far
superior to anything ever achieve'! by the
amateurs of the world, the excitement was
intense. Myers had run the quarter mile
in 49 1-5 seconds, or about a second faster
than the fastest time ever made by an
amateur.
One week later was the occasion of the
annual championships of America. Myers
easily won the 220-yard and the 440, and
when it came to the half mile he had to
face once more his rival, Edward Merritt.
The strugsle did not last long, however,
for the coming man won easily in 2 mm.
12-5 sec, the best on record. From that
time no one ever seriously attempted to
dispute his supremacy at the quarter and
ha if miles.
The following spring, 1880, >iyers ran
1000 yards at Elizabeth, N. J. Tne time
for the full distanc« I do not remember,
something like 2:18, but the time for 880
yards or one-haf mile is very clear to me.
It was 1:59, and the best amateur rec
ord in America at that. time. The Enzlish
record was then 1:573^ and remained so
until Myers change i it.
The record for one mile was 4:37 2-5, and
Myers was induced by his frienus to un
dertake the task of lowerine it. Accord
ingly on May 30 he made the attempt. It
wh* a scratch race and his competitors
were soon left behind. Thus he had to
travel the unusually long distance aJone.
He pfrsevered gamely though, for game
ness was one of the native characteristics
of the man. The last lap was very sev« re
on him, for his stomach was never itrong,
but be finished amid the enthusiastic en
couragement of the spectators in 4:29 3-5.
On July 17 Myers made a serious at
tempt at the half-mile record, and if his
quarter in :49 1-5 startled the athletes
across the Atlantic, as well as on this, it
is not difficult to fancy their astonishmen t
wiien he made the distance in 1:56 1-8.
His fame as a runner was now firmly es
tablished.
However true the last statement may
have been, the public were scarcely pre
pared for what happened on the 18th of
September. On that date, ln a handicap
race, he ran two heats in 10 seconds, equal
ing the amateur record of the world.
Some have contended that he got the best
of the start on that occasion, but as 1 saw
Him run in 10 1-5 tnat fall I am inclined to
believe tbat the published time was about
correct. The great bugbear of that period
concerning sprint running was the con
stant accusation against prominent run
ners that they "stole" or beat the pistol.
Fortunately the introduction of the crouch
start has < liminated much of the old dis
cussion and bitterness.
On September 25 Myers perfo rrued
a feat at the championship games, at
which I was a spectator, that has never
been equaled on either side of the At
lantic. On that afternoon he won fonr
events — the hundred in 10 2-5, the 220 la
23 2-5 (on a curve), the quarter-mile in 52
seconds, and the half-mile in 2:04 3-5. 1
believe the quarter was the last event, as
the time is the best of the four. By tbis
time Myers was acknowledged as a won
derful man, not only at individual dis
tances, but as an all-round runner. Cer
tainly no man ever lived tbat could dis
play such a string of records, and before
1 have completed this little biography I
will demonstrate that in this respect be
was the most remarkable man that ever
lived.
» The following year the Manhattan Ath
letic Club decided tbat Myers should go to
England. Accordingly an agreement was
made with the London Athletic Club; and
in May, 1881, with E. E. Merrill, the
champion walker, accompanied by
Thomas McEwen as manager, the party
sailed for Europe. 1 will not dwell on tbe
performances of Merrill, as that will come
under the head of another story. I can
not recall tbe many performances of the
American runner while in England; suffi
cient to say that his tirst victories were
among second-class men as far as he was
concerned, for I remember that he re
marked in one of his letters to a friend,
which he probably did not expect would
be published, that they ran so slow he
could scarcely help stepping on their heels.
Nevertheless his quarters were run inside
of fifty seconds, ami his half miles inside
of two minutes— about 1:58.
At tbe championship games of England,
held July 16, 1881, Myeis experienced on
one day tbe bitterness of defeat and the
grandeur of victory. He was foolish
enough to enter the 100-yaid run. His
reason for this, in all probability, was
conbdence, born of ten seconds twice in
one day. But very likely another matter
had a great deal to do with his action. If
LAWRENCE E. MTERS
The Greatest All Around Runner That Ever
Lived
the half-mile wai set to be ran before the
quarter. Myers would not feel like haTing
that much taken out of Him, even if it
was only two minutes. On the ot.ier
hand it would seem strange for the great
all-round runner, who had xun 100 yards
in 10 seconds twice in one day, to decline
to run in England's championt-hlp. At
any rate, he was beaten in his trial heat,
and he waw not even permitted to run in
the final, Some say that he stumbled ai
the start. I never asked him how it hap
pened, and have always been sorry I <iid
not do so. Tup final was won by W. P.
Phillips in 10 1-5. The man who beat
Myers in bis heat wa?, I believe, J. M.
Cowie, subsequently champion for three
successive years.
Tradition says that when Phillips ob
served the defeat of the Yankee he made
an uncomplimentary remark about him.
Intimating that be wouid, as we say in
classic phrase, "wipe the floor with him"
in the quarter mile. The remark, they
say, was carried to Myers' ears by one o;
his friends, and from my personal knowl
edge of the man I ran easily understand
how such a tale would lire his blood.
However, 1 do not know whether the story
is falt-c or true, but I do know that Myers
had something more than human pride,
ambition and patriotism to spur him on.
His feelings w< re keyed up by some un
usual occurrence.
G. A. A very, a mutual friend of Myers
and myself, and t c leading time-taker in
amateur circles, described to me this the
greatest quarter-mile race on record.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
At 25 Cents.
72 pieces 40-inch FANCY FIGURED
SUITING, latest fall colorings, will be
offered at 25c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
55 pieces 38-inch ALL-WOOL TUFTED
DRESS GOODS, in Plaids and Checks
eleeant assortment of colorings, will
De offered at 40c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
43 pieces 40-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY
FRENCH SUITING, two-toned color-
ings, worth 75c, will be offered at 50c a
yard.
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS 1
At 75 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces of BLACK FIGURED GROS
GRAIN SILK, neat designs, regular
value $1, will be placed on sale at 75c
a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
60 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA
SILK, in all the very latest shadings,
regular value $1, will be placed on
sate at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
50 pieces of FAN( V STRIPED AND
FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, regular
value $1 will be placed on sale at 75c
a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED SILK, on
Satin and Gros Grain grounds, me-
dium and large designs, regular value
$1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a
yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 50 Cents.
40 pieces EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL
ENGLISH STORM SERGE, reduced
from 75c to 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
25 pieces 52-inch ALL PURE WOOL
FRENCH BOURETTE, reduced irom
$1 25 to 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
25 pieces 54-inch ALL PURE WOOL
ENGLISH CHEVIOT, reduced from
$1 50 to $1 a yard.
At $1.00.
25 pieces 54- inch ALL-WOOL CREPON
CHEVIOT, reduced from $1 50 to $1 a
yard.
[£[/ Murphy Building, ./
Market and Jones Streets.
Phillips was fresh from victory in the 100
-yard championship; Myers fresh from de
leat. These circumstances had elated the
former and aroused the latter. They
stood on the mark, fit to run for a king
dom ; and so it was figuratively, for on the
result of this great contest hung the cham
pionship of the amateur world. The race
began at the head of the backstretcb, mak
ing a course somewhat like a horseshoe.
Down the backstretch the two raced at the
crack of the pistol, and when the curve
was reached Myers was at Phillips' shoul
der. Around the curve there was no per
ceptible change, and when the home*
str.tch was reached the rivals were prac
tically level.
I do not think it requires an extraor
dinary imagination to conceive that won
derful scene; the tens of thousands gath
ered about the track and on the grand
stand shouting for England or America
according to their nationality, taste,
prejudice or friendship; the two fleet
footed runners anxious to uphold the
honor of their respective countries — surely
it was a subject for a master hand with
the brush!
As soon as the men were well into the
run home Myers began to draw ahead.
Steadily he increased his lead until within
twenty-five yards from the tape, when he
looked around in a manner that indicated
plainly to the audience that the race was
not only won, but won easily. Phillips
finished with his long, powerful stride,
but was completely exhausted. I have
neard it stated that he was five yards be
mud; by others that his time was 49 2-5.
As these two statements substantially
verify each other I have always accepted
them without additional testimony.
The best English record was 50 2-5, and
when the time of this race was announced
as 48 3-5 it naturally created quite a sen
sation, although not much surprise.
Myers' American record being 49 1-5,
made practically in a run against time,
it was not greatly to be wonaer«d at that
he shaved thre. -fifths of a second off in
■uch a race, but it trod so closely on the
utne-honored professional record of lint
tery (48%) that it made each Englishman
catch his breath. As state 1 before, it was
the greatest quarter-mile ever run, for al
though Baker has given us a record run
HI a Btraighlaway against time of 47%,
while Tindall— and one authority says
Brediu- has run over there in 48}$, which
is the merest fraction inside of the Ameri
can's time, yet in these performances
here was not the exciting and unusual
eatures that lent such intense interest to
the great international race.
* *
In order that there may De no misun
derstanding concerning the record for
hammer-throwing credited to Edgren in
last Sunday's letter, let me say that the
distance as stated is correct. A throw at
>hcratuento of about 147 feet cannot be
• ccepted, as the laws of athletics dis
inctly say concerning records: "The
Amateur Athletic Uni.m will not recog
nize any new record unless made in open
competition," and this was not.
Geo. D. Baikp.
In Trouble Over a Watch.
Herman Go! >;oin, a young nun, wu con
victea yesterday by Police Judge Low of pet.v
Urceny. He stolo a watch and chain from J
Hrltt«rlin, a lodging-House keeper at 765 Mis
sion street, and pawned them with M. Rosen
berg, at 720 Howard street. Goldstein re
ceived but $1 on the watch and chain and
then told the owner he could tell him where
'Lie property was.
Brit.erlin demanded his lewelry from the
pawnbroker, but met with refusal, tne result
oi which was thai a warrant was secured for
Rosenberg's arrest for receiving stolen prop
erty.
In presenting: a few samples of the ALMOST INCREDI BLE REDUCTIONS with r
which our GREAT CLOSING-OUT SALE OF $300,000 WORTH OF FINE DRY
GOODS AND CLOAKS continues we deem it superfluous to enlarge on the
importance of this sale to any one who will require anything in the Dry Goods
line for a long: time to come, as it will be readily apparent on glancing through !
this REMARKABLE LIST OF CUT PRICES that
AN EQUALLY FAVORABLE BARGAIN OPPORTUNITY MAY
NOT OCCIR AGAIN IN YEARS!
CAPES AND SUITS.
At $3.50.
LADIES' BLACK VELVET RIPPLE
CAPES, handsomely beaded, lined
with Mlk, neck trimmed with lace and
ribbon or chiffon, regular price $8, re-
duced for this bale to $3 50.
At $4.90.
LADIES' MIXED CHEVIOT SUITS, box
jackets, lined throughout, wide gored
skirts, lined with canvas,, worm $9,
reduced for this sale to $4 90.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 5 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK. SATIN AND GROS-
GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors,
valua 10c, will be closed out at 5c a
yard.
At 7K Cents.
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND
GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted
colors, value 15c, will be closed out at
7>ic a yard.
LADIES' WAISTS.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and
cuffs, "Stanley waist." all fancy
shades, regular'price $1 25 and $150,
will be closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and
striped and figured percales, this sea-
son s goods, regular price $2 and $2 50,
will be closed out at $1 each.
UiJ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jooes Streets-
DR. TEED DEFIES
ALL HIS CRITICS
Ready to Confront Them
All in Defending His
Belief.
His Religion a Warfare on
Sensuality, and He Will
Keep It Up.
Denounces as Cowards Those That
Employ Slander io Create Public
Prejudice
Dr. Cyras . R. Teed, the man who has
been accused of wrecking homes by teach
ing his peculiar religious beliefs, writes
Thb Call the following letter defending
bis religion and defying both clergy and
laity to meet him openly and publicly dis
credit the principles he advocates:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
You have kindly and generously ofiVred your
columns through which to answer some of the
villainous ana libelous attacks upon my
character and reputation by the press of
America and the. world, which, allow me to
say, is the first opportunity of the kind that
has fallen to my recourse in the ten years in
which I have been ?übj ct to puolic abuse.
I have been interviewed 500 times and as
many times have I uniformly extended cour
tesy to"pre*s representatives and as many
times, with few exceptions, have I been, mis
represented and vilified, whether owing to the
mediocrity of the news reporter or the per
sistent determination of the daily pros." to ruin
my opportunity to exist I will hoi attempt to
aflirm. '
1 ao not object to an open, square and manly
fight in ■whlcn I am at liberty to stand in my
own defense and I am ready to meet the slan
ders of my enemies and Chii meet them suc
cessfully it I am allowed an equal opportunity.'
In reply to the most common charge against
my puolic : effort— namely, that I am in the
habit of breaking up families, which the or
dinary reader of the. daily paper construes to
mean that it is my custom to meet the wives
of husband! and entice them to sever their
marital relations, I say emphatically that
nev;r in one instance in any way, private or
public, have I suggested or hinted at anything
ot the kind.
Husband* are as liable to become interested
in my re igiou-. teachings us wives, and oppo
sition to my doctrine is an common to wives as
husbands. A statement to the contrary Is a
vil alnous and vicious libel.
; No religious • system ' was ever promulgated
and propagated that did not meet opposition
and that has not interfered with the tamily re
lations of the world. When the religion of
Jesus the Chriit entered any family and
through its zeal wrought upon any member in
conversion to its propaganda it separated the
family and brought upon the advocates of the
religion the anathema of those of the family to
whom the religious power did not apt eal.
For this reason the Lord »aid, when he was
charged with breaking up lamllies, "I came to
bring a sword." "I came to set men at vari
ance— husbands ngainst wives, and wives
eeamst husband*, . parents against children
and children against parents, brothers against
ulsters and sisters: aiatnst brothers." Th«
propagation of his religion had .this effect
upon society. Jesus knew that this would be
its influence, and, therefore, declared It and
for thi» with other reasons the conservative
cliurcu of his d«y instigated his crucifixion
and murderid him. He was led as a lamb to
the slaughter, but not till he hud made a vig
oious mid aggressive onslaught upon the vil
lainy, hypocrisy and destructive tendencies of
bis day did he succumb to the inevitable
Is it rtgnt tor me to teach that rum beer
tobacco, profanity and sensualism in the
family or out of it are immoral influences
Is it right for me to . declare tuat the mental
mediocrity of this age Is largely due to excos
NEW TO-DAY DRY GOODS.
BLANKETS! BLANKETS!
Another week's sale of the FINE
WHITE BLANKETS at less than mi.l
cost. These goods are sliehtly imperfect.
The imperfection consists of an oil spot in
their manufacture, or irregularity in the
weave. For practical purposes they are
perfect, first-class goods.
10-4 FINE WHITE OREGON
BLANK.JLTS, a fine fabric,
beautifully made, mill cost ljQ i'\
$4 35. Onsaleat «pO.O«J
11-4 EXTRA GRADE FINE
EXHIBITION BLAN-
KETS, a large double-bed
widtu and first class 'in
every respect, mill cost Q.I HX
?6 12}$. On sale at $**• I D
12-4 SUPER QUALITY
LAMBS-W OOL BLAN-
KETS, almost hnest weave
produced, mill cost $8 10. Qf\ A A
On sale at........ $O.VU
11-4 WHITE EASTERN
BLANKETS, very heavy
and fully &5 inches wide, ©1 C)K
value for $2. On sale at «jjj±.£t)
10-4 WHITE EASTERN
BLANKETS, a nicely made
article, regular value 90c a KKn
pair. Onsaleat OOLi
ESPECIAL!
About 60 pairs 13-4 Mission
Mill's finest jrrade LAMB'S-
WOOL WHITE BLANK-
ETS, bound in deep silk
ribbon, value $15 a pair.DiA AA
Onaa'eau .....«J)IU.UU
4r if Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Street!
sive indulgence in sensual pleasure? Have I
amoral aud legal right to offer my protest
again-t the dissipation of the sexual energies
prostituted to pleasure and consequently to
the depletion ofmind and body, when through
twenty years of my medical practice, before
entering the ministry, I had the opportunity
to know the causes of premature mental decay,
and could scientifically and conscientiously
attribute such decay to its legitimate and
specific source ? I have the right and will ex
ercise it in making war upon the sensuality of
this age »o long as God gives me breath, if it
breaks up every family relation in the uni
verse. It is lor the public declaration of these
principles, ln part, that I am condemned. So
far as the propagation of my religious views is
concerned, and tiieir conformity to the genu
ine go»- pel of th» Christ, lam ready to confront
public.)* all the clergy and luity in the world.
The cowards dure not meet me. Their strong
est argument lie* ln the tongue of slander and
the prejudice they are able to awaken in the
community in which they operate.
Every advocate of the religion of Jesus
Cbrivt from the Pope ot Rome down to the
common evangelical declaimer announces
himself called ami ordained of God. This is
not blasphemy, out if Dr. Teed nhould s>ay,
•'I teach by divine authority," he is a blas
phemer.
The man who has the truth derives that truth
from Gt>J, and if he declares it he does so by
power fn>m on high and by authority divine.
Mv conflict, with the present thought of the
world resolves itself to the one question, "Are
my religious, scientific, social and fiuaiu-ial
proclamations correct ?" If they ore, then I
persist in my right to exercise the religious
and social liberty enunciated in the declara
tion of principles professedly guaranteeing to
every citizen of an ostensibly free government
the right to religious liberty.
My religion is not in Agreement with the
modern churches and with modern Christian
ity. It is, however, in accordance witn the
religion of the Lord Christ. My demonstration
of the cellular cosmogony is geometrically
accurate, and will stand the test of true science
when all the modern and Kie ti tic fiois are
dead. Respectfully, Cyris R. Tf.kd.
HAS TO TAKE THE STAND
Mrs. Tessie Fair Oelriclis Pre
vented From Avo ding the
Fair Trial.
A Subpera Blocks Her Avowed P an.
Deposit ons of Lawyers to
B> Taken.
The adaptable trap of the law has been
set for and sprung upon Mrs. Tessie Fair
Oelrichs and she will be compelled to stay
right here in San Franci.«co and give her
testimony in the Fair will contest when
the case comes up again for trial on Octo
ber 6. She will also be compelled to pre
sent herself at the Crocker buil iitig next
Saturday morning and submit to another !
legal formality, when Charles E. P. Uippa
will take her deposition, a.ong with the I
depositions of Miss Virginia Fair and Mrs.
Nettie R. Craven, all of whom have been !
served notices requesting their presence.
This move, checkmating as it does Mrs.
Oelrich'a avowed intention to absent her
seli from the City during the prospective
trial, add- public and social interest to the
developments ol the case, and patticu
larly to the prospects of entertaining tes
timony.
But the list of persons subpenaed does ■
not end here. D-lmas <fc fchortriilge want
to know something about their opponents
in the not distant trial. They have ac
cordingly resubp«naed Reuben H. Lloyd,
Russell J. Wilson, George A. Knight,
Thomas G. Crothers ami W. S. Goodfel
low to be present before Mr. Latham to
morrow morning and go on with the
taking of depositions furnishing informa
tion on affairs of tne estate. Tnis is done
to facilitate preparations for the actual
contest Ln court, which has been set for
earlier date than counsel expected.
Lamp wicks soaked in vinegar some
twemy-lour hours before beini: called into
uae will give a clearer flame and a steadier
light than those not so treated.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 25 Cents.
129 dozen EXTRA FINE ALL-SILK
SCARFS, in Tecks, Four-in-Hanus,'
Bows and Club Ties, a very large as-
sortment of colorings, usual price 50c
and 75c, will be closed out at 25c each.
At 50 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' FANCY
TRIMMED NIGHTSHIRTS, made
extra large of good, heavy muslin, and
trimmed with "Cash's" fast color
trimmings, regular price 85c, will be
closed out at 50c each.
At 10 Cents.
96 dozen MEN'S MEDIUM-WEIGHT
FULL-FINISHED COTTON SOCKS,
witn double-spliced heels and toes, in
tan and brown shades, manufacturer's
price $2 dozen, will be closed out at 10c
pair.
At $1.00.
42 dozen MEN'S CAMEL'S HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted thoroughly shrunk, extra value
for $1 50, will be closed out at $1 each.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
COLLARETTES, finest selected feath-
ers and best made goods, from $2 25 to
$8 50 each.
BLACK, GRAY AND WHITE OSTRICH
FEaTHER BOAS, finest qualities, in
S6, 45 and 54 inch, all at the lowest
prices.
COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 54-incb, at
»1, $1 50 and $1 76 each.
(f {/ IMurphy Building, /
Market and te Streets.
HE ENDED HIS OWN LIFE
The Rev. E. Unaugsn's Story ol
an Ugly Battle With a
Cobra.
The Snake Committed Suicide From
Sheer Chagrin — Remarkable
Experiences in India.
The Rev. E. Unaugsh, who has been for j
thirty-nine years a missionary of the
American Evangelical Lutheran Church
in the Madras Presidency, India, is at the
New Western Hotel. He has had many
curious and extraordinary experiences in
that part of the country.
"I have hunted a good deal at different
times," said he yesterday. "I never both
ered with the Bengal tiger nor the chee
tah, neither have I hunted for lions, for I
there are none there. But I have gone out
after and got a good many antelope, elic
and various kinds of fowl, including the
plover. There is a good assortment of
such game there, and you can kill more
than you want almost any day, but of
course it's a shame to kill more than you
can use.
'•There are enoimous numbers of snakes
there, and many of them are very poison
ous. Some are extremely large. I always
sought to keep clear o: them as much as I
possible. Despite your best efforts, how
ever, you cannot do it.
"I was in the Kishna district in Madras.
Thioupb this district, which has 31,000,000
people, flows the Kishna River, one of the
greatest rivers in India. Along this river
are to be found some of the worst of the
reptiles.
"Amone these reptiles is the cobra, and
this leads me to tell you of a peculiar ex
perience I had there, which illustrated a
fact which had never been made plain be
fore. I had sone to one of our school
houses and was informed that a cobra was
somewhere in the house. It had been
seen, but had in some manner cone frum I
view, yet it was explained tnat it did not
appear likely that it had got away.
"Thereupon I instituted a search. I ex
amined ri*hi and left every where, turning i
over the seats and icokitig about in all di- j
rections. But I could not find the cobra, j
Teen I took another look, and finally over !
in a corner I saw a mat, one of t::e kind
i you see here, that is brought from the
Orient to wrap things up in.
"1 went over tuere, and with a long |
stick instituted a search, and there in the i
mat was the cobra. He was a good b:g j
! at ff fellow about four !<et long, and when i
: he saw me be rose up straight from half,
j his body and showed tight. His hood was i
j distended and he showed hio fangs, ready
for business.
"I didn't want to be bit and 1 backed
I away. Then he got down and would j
have pot away if he could, but I wouldn't
let htm. I got out at the door and barred
the way.
"The best way to kill the cobra is with a
rattan stick. The cobra, strange as it may
appear from his size, has a weak back, I
and if you hit him with a stick of this j
I kind it sort of paralyzes him and he will '
get down and be reasonably quiet.
"Sol got a rattan stictc about four feet i
long, and, keeping my distance and watch- '
ing my chances, I got in a body blow on
the cobra that laid him out. He wasn't
dead by any means— just partly paralyzed
—and l;e floundered around in a half help
less way.
"I managed to get him out on the |
ground where the people could see him
and while 1 had him there he made sev
eral attempts to use hi 3 fangs on those
about him. But it was all futile, and then i
I saw a thing which exceeded in strange- i
ne*s anything I ever saw. He bit himself
about half way in th* center of his body,
lay down and in a few moments was dead.
He committed suicide."
I
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 10 Cents.
175 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
BLACK COTTON HOSE, seatuiess,
double heels and toes, fast black, worth
$2 per dozen, will be closed out at lOc
a pair.
At 15 Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' FINE BLACK MACO
(.OTTON HOSE, hi R h-spliced heels,
double soles and toes, guaranteed fast
black, worth 25c, will be closed out at
15c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf
dye, unbleached and black feet, regu-
lar value 40c, reduced to 25c a pair.
At 35 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK
CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high-
spliced heela, double soles and toes,
regular price 50c, reduced to 35c a pair.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
At 25 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of
heavy muslin, yoke band, finished with
insertion cluster of tucks and ruffle of
embroidery, r-gular price 50c, will
be closed out at 25c.
At 35 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of
heavy muslin, yoke ol tucks and em-
broidery, will be closed out at 35c.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At 35 Cents.
500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
black only, regular value $1, will be
closed out at 35c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
250 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs, colors and black, rejjular value
$1 25, will be closed out at 75c v pair.
At 75 Cents.
245 dozen 5-HOOK KID CLOVES, black
only, regular value $1 25, will be closed
out at 75c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
180 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(large buttons), colors and black, regu-
lar value $1 50, will be closed out at
90c a pair.
ml* Murphy Building, /
'Met' and Jonas Streets.
SPECIALSALE
OF FINE—
BABY
CARRIAGES.
j We are overstocked and must close oa\
at a great sacrifice.
Regular Price. Sale Price.
* 1 5.00. 1 0.00,
418. 418. 80.
450.00. 4i4,c0.
$Sa.sO. $16.50.
CARRIAGE ROBES BELOW COST.
JET* RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanic*, a specialty.
818-BZO MARKET ST
FREE TO EVERY lAN.
The Prescription of a Great Remedy
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING KLSK FAILED.
rainfnl diseases are bad enough, but when *
man is slowly wasting away with nervous weak-
ness, the me tal forebodings are ton times worse
than the most severe pain. There is no let up to
i the mental suffering day or niglu. Bleep is almost
Impossible, and under such a strain - men are
scarcely responsible for what they do. For years
the writer rolled and tossed on the troubled sea of
sexual weakness until it was a question whither
he bad not belter take a dose of poison and thus
' end ali his troub »s. Hut provisional inspiration
came so his aid In the shape of a combination of
' medicines that not only completely restored his
! general health, but enlarged Is weak, emaciated
; parts to natural size and vigor, and he now de-
-1 clares that any man who will take the trouble to
•end his name and address mar have the pre-
| scription of this wonderful remedy free. Now
j when 1 say free I mean absolutely without cost,
{ because I want every weakened man to get the
i benefit of my experience.
1 »m not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as an
. enthusiast, but there are nousands of men suiT
ing the mental tortures of weakened manhood who
i would be cure i at once could they but get'su ha
1 reme yas the one that cured mi-. S-nd me your
name and ad "res* to-day. Do not try to ttudy out
how I can afford to pay the f^w postage stamp?
necessary to mall tne per*crii>tio;i, but send for
! the rmedy and learn that there are a few things
I on can.! that a:tho they cost nothing to get
they are worth a fortune to some men and mean a
lifetime Of happiness to most oi us. Write to
Thomas > later, box 2253, Kalanazvo, Mich., and
the prescription will be mailed in a plain sealed
envelope. " .
ROXBURY ) 7 r c
BRUSSELS |!1
CARPET^iJ ■ w
50 BEDROOM SETS,
«M 0.50 SELECTED ASH.
■Vi-J«OU SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
0 I L 3 faeces, worth $JQ
SHIREK .;.&" SHIREK,
HOUSE FURNISHERS.
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant An
Xklki-hu-sk 5391. ■t. —•»«>.
2122
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 13, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postag* Freet
Dally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. 1.60
Vk'xitKLY Call, one year, by mall 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
■•, it Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
mis* it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention,
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE
710 Market Street,
San Francisco. California.
phone Main- 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS t
; .. : 517 Clay (street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES i.
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
• :80 o'clock. ' .:; V
888 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark;.-? street ; open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock*
119 JvuuL street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFPICBi
COS Broadway.
. EASTERN OFFICE i
rooms 81 and 82, Hi Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOB PRESIDENT—
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Oblo
FOR ?ICF-PRE«IDE\T-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EI.KCTION NOVKMBEK 3, 1896.
Palmer and Buckner are not too old to
be elected, but just think how old they
will be before they are elected.
Sweet and delightful is it to have one
day in the week when Bryan has to pive
his tongue a rest.
To the American patriot home sugar is
always sweeter than foreign sugar and is
well worth the cost of protecting it.
While you rest to-day give some study
to the economy of your home, and you
will see the reason why you should vote
for protection and prosperity.
This is a good day for Republicans to
think over the situation and consider
whether it would not be better to unite
for victory than to divide for defeat.
The New York Sun headed a double
leaded editorial on the nomination of Pal
mer and Buckner with the words, "A
Splendid Ticket— Don't Vote for It."
If the Republicans of San Francisco can
harmonize into a perfect unity of action
they need not fear the fusion of all the
other elements of the people put together.
Gold is now flowing to this country in
considerable quantities, and it would be
the height of folly to continue the Demo
cratic party in power and turn the trade
the other way.
If the Boara of Equalizers can be
brought into conrt and made to explain
we shall have some fun for our money
this year and perhaps find a way of sav
ing our money next year.
The difficulty with the Democrats this
year is that they have to run their cam
paign against the experience of three
years as well as against common-sense.
and of coarse the job is a hard one.
Keducinq railroad assessments and rais
ing those on the property of the people
seems to be such an agreeable duty to the
Equalizers tbat they will probably con
tinue it until we find a way of making it
disagreeable.
The business men, the intelligent work
ingmen and the conservative farmers of
the country are now so thoroughly united
and well organized to tight the bnttle for
sound money and protection that Bryan's
lurid speeches can be read without.anxiety.
They have ceased to disturb trade.
Ab the British are denouncing the Re
publican party as the advocate of protec
tion and the Democratic party as the
advocate of free silver the American peo
ple have the cheering satisfaction of run
ning this campaign to suit themselves,
without advice from the London Times.
Men may make fun of the stalwart
Democrats who are poing to vote for Pal
mer and Buckner. but all the same the
American people admire pluck and con
sistency, and underneath all the fun-mak
ing there is a hearty respect everywhere
for the men who have sufficient couraee to
stand up for their convictions, even against
their own party.
An evidence of the growth of sentiment
in favor of equal suffrage among the
women of England is found in the fact
that while the women's petition for suf
frage presented to Parliament in 1867 was
signed by only 1499 women that which was
presented this year was signed by 257,000,
including some of the most influential
leaders of society in tbe kingdom.
The silence of the eloquent Claude Mat
thews at this time is explained by the an-
nouncement tbat be has been seriously ill
as a result of making a speech in a rain
storm, but while this explanation justifies
his absence from the stump it will only
confirm the general belief tbat the fellows
whom Bryan turned down at Chicago
didn't have tense enough to get in out of
the rain.
The effect of the terrible heat in New
York during the month of August this
year is shown by the fast that while the
highest number of dead animals removed
by the city officials in any previous Au
gust was 1314 in 1892, last month they bad
to remove over 10,000, nearly 2000 of the
number being horses. It will be seen
from this that a bad climate is a costly
thing to live in, as well as an uncomfort
able one.
Siberia has been long regarded as a
and of utter wretchedness and misery,
'but since the extension of the Siberian
railway the number of peasants from
other parts of Russia who have flocked
intc it to get land is said to be so great
the Russian Government has become
alarmed and is trying to check the immi
gration. It makes a great difference in
the aspect of a country whether you go to
1 1 as a prisoner or a free settler.
TO THE WHEAT-GROWERS OF
CALIFORNIA.
Wheat-growers of California, you know
what has been tho result to you of the
three years' experiment with Democratic
legislation. You are aw<tre that in 1892,
when the Republican party was in power,
the McKiuley tariff in full force and all
our "wage-earners were able to live well,
the home consumption of wheat was 356.
-114,000 bushels, and that in 1895, under the
stress of the Democratic depression, the
home consumption was only 815,454,000
bushels.
Here was a loss at home of a market for
more than 70,000.000 bushels of wheat.
This surplus hr.d to be shipped abroad to
breakdown the price by overstocking the
market in Liverpool. You lost more than
the price of the exported wheat. The
homo market follows very closely the
price in the Liverpool market. When
your wheat shipped abroad lowered the
Liverpool price it lowered also the price of
every bushel sold at home. A study of
your own experience as a wheat-seiler in
I 1892, when compared with that of 1895,
J Will show you what you lost as an indi
-1 vidual by the Democratic experiment of
breaking clown the home market for your
wheat in search of the world's market
which the free-traders promised would
make you rich;
It was not the demand for wheat only
that ie'A off during these years of depres
sion. In 1892 the home market consumed
1,983,551.000 bu>hels of corn, and in lA>5
only 1,154, 184.000 bushels. Here was a
loss of a market for 800,000,000 bushels of
corn, with a oonspquent fall of price for
every bushel of corn that was sold either
at home or abroad. Nor was that all. The
McKinley tariff protected the farmer from
the competition of foreign farm products.
This protectio'.i the Wilson- Gorman tariff
broke down. The consequence was th.it,
while under the last fisci.l year of the Me- j
Rinley tariff the imports of foreign farm j
products into this country were valued at
less than $06,000,000, in the very next year,
under the Democratic rule of free trade in
farm products, we imported more than
$134,000,000 worth. Here was a loss to the
American farmers of a market at home
for more than $66,000,000 of products. Is
it strange that times are hard with the
farmer?
You have tilled the soil anJ sold the
produce of your labor under Democratic
conditions long enough to mlly under
stand their effect upon your earnings and
your home. By the hard experience of
iree traae you know what protection did
for you before it was broken down. You
can help to restore good times for all and
good prices for your products by helping
to return to power the party of protec
tion. You need the home market. Amer
ican mills and shops are as necessary to
you as are your farms to the workers in
the shops. The true interests of all
Americans are in complete harmony.
What benefits the manufacturer benefits
the farmer. To re-establish protection is j
"to revive prosperity everywhere in this
country and to send its blessings into
every home. That blessing will come to
your industry and to your home. Work
for it, vote for it. Make yoursolf count
one for McKinley, patriotism, protection
and prosperity.
i
Silver orators have been pertinently dinning
into the popular ear for many years — until
millions beiievc it— the story that the silver
dollar was tl assassinated'[ through the law of
1873 by some dark, corrupt plot. This fable
has been so often and so authoritatively dis
proved that I am unwilling to take it vp in
detail, tenator Sherman did that recently in
a most conclusive manner. I will only add
that I was a member of the Senate at the time,
and know whereof 1 0 ffirm. And I emphati
cally pronounce all the stories about the act of
1573 being passed surreptitiously, about Sena
tors and members being somehow hypnotized
so that they dia not know what they were
doing, about tome Englishmen beina on the
ground with much money to promote the de
monetization of silver, and so on, as wholly
and unqualifiedly false. — Carl Schurz.
THAT OUTRAGEOUS ASSESSMENT
The Call has not been at all backward
in charging that the outrageous increase
in tbe assessment of San Francisco real
and personal property was inspired by the
Southern Pacific Railway Company, and
every day fresh proof is revealed to sub
stantiate the charge. The latest revela
tions go to show that the plans to do this
thing were laid in the last session of the
Legislature, and everything has been
made to conform to this purpose.
The agents of the railway have seen
events unfold themselves in harmony with
what was to be accomplished, but the
people knew nothing of the conspiracy
until the Equalization Board announced
what had been done. It will be admitted
that the railway company managed the
affair very adroitly, but of course it never
for a moment contemplated taking the
public into its confidence. It cannot be
said that the people needed this object
lesson to teach them that vigilance is the
price of an honest assessment roll when
tbe Southern Pacific wants it otherwise,
for they have had dealings with that cor
poration before, but they have a remedy
in the Supreme Court, or are supposed to
have, which they should apply most
vigorously.
But there ia another view to take of the
matter. If the public indignation takes
on no more of a substantial form than the
protests of citizens and commercial bodies
no good whatever will come of it. The
railway company cares nothing for such
opposition. Not only does it not care, but
if it finds that this increase in ihe" assess
ment roll meets with no legal effort to
right the wrong the next burden the com
pany puts upon the City will be still
greater. W bat is wanted is such an ex
pression of the publi&'s disapproval of the
acts of the railway company through the
Equalization Board as will have tangible
results. > T o doubt ths railway assumes
that what is everybody's business is no
body's business and hence there is very
little danger of united action on the part
of taxpayers, but the mind of the corpo
ration should be disabused of ail that sort
of thing by a thoroughly united stand by
all the people ia thedeienseof their rights
in this matter.
Under the last protective tariff act of the
republican party there were more factories
built, more new enterprises started, more
money paid for labor, more universal pros
perity in all communities and among all
classes than in any other like period of the
Republic's existence. —Sena tor Thurston.
THE SULTAN OF TURKEY.
The belief is spreading in Europe that
the Sultan is himself more responsible for
the massacre of Christians the last few
years than his subjects. Evidence is ac
cumulating that the Porte has been in se
cret communication with tbe worst ele
ment of Turkish society and that every at
tack upon Armenian and other Christians
was in obedience to orders issued direct
by the Sultan. The Suitan is recognized
as one of the most cunning statesmen and
diplomats of Europe, while his manner
when in outward public lite ia most pleas
ing with an air of condescension, but it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
transpires that beneath it all there is one
of the most infamous characters of modern
times.
How Europe will take this new dis
covery in the Sultan's character and
methods remains to be seen, but howeve p
humiliating it may be to the diplomatic
corps at Constantinople they will have to
ndn.it that the Porte has been throwing
du&t in their eyes for years. This fact, no
doubt, will help to intensify the hatred of
the people of Europe for the Turkish ruler
and it was already to the point where the
powers were almost compelled to act by
force of public opinion.
It must be remembered that the Sultan
is one of tue most highly educated men in
E irope, besides he is a close ana careful
student of statecraft, and keeps close in
touch with public sentiment at home and
abroad, but he has always felt secure in
his European possessions because he knew
he was necessary as a kind of a balance
wheel in the intrigues of the powers for
territorial acquisition. Now, however,
that it is known that he has been at the
bottom of all the massacres of Christians,
courteous apologies and courtly assurances
that reforms would be instituted are 'not
likely to be longer accepted. But although
the man is a great statesman, a cunning
diplomat, and a financier of superior abil
ity, there is no doubt that he is a religious
fanatic and an insufferable bigot He be
lieves in Mohammedanism, ana he does
not believe that any other system of re
ligion should be allowed to flourish. He
may have dreams of a Mohammedan em
pire that shall include the world, but
whatever he thinks or believes the time
has come when his country should be
divided among such nations as realize
that this is the nineteenth and not the
ninth century.
We might just as well understand that we
cannot fix by law the wages of labor. That is
a matter of mutual contract betxreen employer
and employe. But we can fix by law the kind
of money in which wages are paid, and we
will never decree that they shall be paid in
anything short of the best dollars in purchas
ing power recognized throughout the civilized
world. — McKinley.
AT McKINLEY'S HOME.
Three thousand visitors from Vermont,
Pennsylvania and other places paid their
respects to Major McKiniey at his home
last Friday, and they came as campaign
organizations, which shows thai they are
in line of battle. Major McKinley de-
I livered an admirable address to each dele
! gation. In this connection it might be
observed that Major McKiuley ii not like
Mr. Bryan, a man with only one speech,
nor does he repeat a last week's speech to
a this week's audience. But, then, Major
McKinley is a statesman, full of under
standing of the scienoe of government,
and it Is an easy matter for him to diu
cuss economic problems without repeat
ing himself.
Of the several speeches he made last
Friday the one that was called forth by
the Erie (Pa.) Lincoln Club will piobably
elicit more applause than any of the
others. After analyzing tbe industrial
situation and the condition of the people
today, and comparing the prosperity of
three years ago to the business depression
which hangs heavy upon the country at
this time, Major McKinley quoted the fol
lowing from a speech of Abranam Lincoln
1 in 1360: "The first of our resolutions de
clares a tariff of duties upon foreign im
i portations, producing sufficient revenue
for the support of the General Government,
and so adjusted as to protect American
industry, to be indispensably neceasary to
prosperity of the American people, and
the second declares direct taxation for a
National revenue to be improper."
The force or what Mr. Lincoln said
J when the Republican party was about
to achieve its first National victory was
then and is now in tbe fact that
he laid down an economic policy
which bay always been a fundamental
principle of the party. Mr. Lincoln
made the mission of the Republican
party to be a continuous ettort for the bet
terment of the people's condition of exist
ence, and the party has never turned from
the path of duty, nor has it ever had an
abler, more loyal, or a more capable leader
I since the days of Lincoln than Major
I McKinley.
It is charged against Major MnKinley
[ by the opposition that he dwells too much
i upon the tariff question in bis public ut
terances, but it will be observed that he is
right in line with Mr. Lincoln's declara
tions, and they should be good enough for
the party to go before tbe country 011 at
this time. It is very true that the tariff
question is tbe burden of ail of Major
McKinley's speeches, but enforced idle
ness of wage-earners and the Inactivity in
and about our industries aro the one great
burden upon the country and Major
McKinley would roll it off. He does not
nor does any other sensible man believe
that prosperous conditions can be secured
until our factories and mills and shops are
in position to oven their doors to labor.
Major McKinley is anxious to see the
people of the Uuited States enjoying pros
perity, but be knows there can be no suh
stautial prosperity so long as we let for
eign countries force our industries into
idleness. He believes that every man,
woman and child in tbe United States who
desire to work should have an opportunity,
and at good wages at that. He wants
peace and plenty to abound all over the
land. If tnat is a mistaken notion, the
fault is Lincoln's, rathtr than McKinley's,
for the great leader founded tlie Republi
can party to secure greater prosperity to
the people of his country.
How will the free coinage of silver by the
mints of the United States bring prosperity to
Ame'ican latorf Wil it open one door
which is 7iow shut against the employment of
men? Will it rchnmess one viountain torrent
to a single rotting water-wheel f Will it re
light the flame on any American forge or set
to singing again the merry music of the
spiwJlef Tell me how. The people of this
country have the right to demand arid to
I. now before they resort to experiment. Tell
vie how, you who pose as the champions of
labor. — Senator Thurston,
SPARE HIS PEELINGS.
Mr. Bryan is entirely justified in refus
ing to discuss the tariff question. Every
one has tbe right to steer his boat clear
of breakers. Mr.'Bryan could not discuss
the tariff question without putting hi 3 own
political life in jeopardy, and when he
says "it is not necessary to discuss the
tariff at this time," he has excellent
reasons for wanting to avoid the subject.
Only a little while ago Mr. Bryan said
upon the floor of Congress that the theory
of protection was all wrong — "infamously
wrong," he said. Mr. Bryan joined with
those who believed aa he did, and they
passed a free- trade measure, and soon
thereafter the industries of the country
suspended operations and threw hundreds
of thousands of workinpmen and work» ig
women into idleness. Not a few of them
have been pretty hungry for bread and
butter since then, and they are still living
on short rations.
Mr. Bryan ia now a candidate for Presi
dent, and he stands face to face with hun
gry thousands every day, and they are the
very thousands who were living in clover
before he refused to permit the Govern
ment to hunger protect them against the
pauper labor of other countries. Mr.
Bryar. is in a very awkward position when
he stands before the workingmen—work
inerr.en whom he did all he could to im
poverish. Naturally the taHff question
would be a delicate subject for any one to
discuss under sucn circumstances, and Mr.
Bryan is not to be blamed for declining to
make that affair an issue, for much of it
or any of it would make life a burden to
him.
It is very true, as Mr. Bryan says, this
is no time for him to discuss an affair
which reduced armies of men, women and
children from a state of prosperity to a
6tate of poverty, especially so as he
warmly advocated the adoption of meas
ures which would accomplish that forthem.
If Mr. Bryan has a tender heart it would
be painful to him to revert to acts of his
own which brought bo much distress upon
his fellow-citizens, and if be were as mod
est as some men be would want to slip
off to the woods and hide himself until
Bom« one repaired the damage he. had in
dicted npon his feliaws. But good as he
is, Mr. Bryan lacks modesty, and so he
will not go off and hide. Nevertheless,
he should not be urged to call up events in
his life which resulted in making people
lack for bread.
Washington said: '•There is no doubt of the,
wisdom of the policy of giving protection ami
encouragement in any proper legislative form
to domestic industry." There is not a uork
ingman in the United States who has not
learned in the last three years the wisdom of
Washington* utterance. He appreciates it
now more than ever before.— McKinley.
WHITE JUGGLES FIGURES.
In his speech at San Jose Friday night
Senator White tried very hard to make
political capital out of the decrease in
Government revenues during the last year
of the McKinley act and the increase in
the first year of the operation of the Wil
son law, but to those who are familiar
with the facts hia effort only proves his
willingness to conceal the trnth behind
gross misrepresentation. Deception and
evasion are the stock in trade of the
Bryanites, but they will find out to their
sorrow later on that the people are not
easily hoodwinked. The people are not
so stupid that they cannot reason from
cause to effect, and Senator White belit
tles their intelligence when he attempts to
play upon them.
It is very true that customs fell off in
the last year of the McKinley act, but the
only wonder is that they did not fall off a
great deal more, end had Senator White
wanted to enlighten his hearers he would
not have stopped at the assertion tbat
there was a large shrinkage. Of course, he
knows the facts, but he distorted them by
inference so as to mislead the people.
Such methods are not cunning nor are
they reputable, and what is more the
effect of such trick" always return to
plague their inventor.
The truth of the matter is, importers re
duced the volume and value of their im
portations of foreign manufactured ar
ticles to the minimum during the last year
of the McKinley law because they knew
that the Wilson act would cut tariff duties
down to a large amount, and it
would not have been wise in them to have
let the Wilson schedule catch them with
large stocks on hand when the new tariff
became operative, for their loss would be
equal to the difference between the duty
imposed by the two acts. The volume of
imports being reduced to the lowest pos
sible point, of course customs revenue fell
off, for nothing was coming into the coun
try to collect duties from.
When the Wilson bill became operative
it found but few imported goods and
wares on the market, and not only that
but it found light stocks of American
manufacture because in anticipation of an
enormous inflow of foreign -made com
modities so soon as the Wilson law be
came effective our mills and factories had
been for months reducing production and
otherwise preparing to pull their fires and
suspend operations. That was the condi
tion of our markets and industries, when
the McKinley tariff schedule gave way to
the Wilson law.
So scon as the Wilson law superseded
the McKinley act foreign-made goods and
wares bepan to come to this country in
larger volume than was ever before known.
The demand upon loreign industrial
plants was, as will be seen very readily,
not only to replenish our markets with
their own manufactures, which had be
come bare bacause of the suspension of
importations pending the beginning of the
operation of the Wilson act, but to supply
the deficiency in our own manufacture
which was caused by our industries being
forced to shut down owing to their in
ability to compete with the low-wage in.
dustries of Europe at prices which the
Wilson bill imposed upon them.
Foreign industries having a monopoly
of our markets after the withdrawal of the
protection which the McKinley act af
forded, together with depleted stocks of
all kinds of home-made merchandise,
it was natural that not only should there
be a great inrush of foreign-made com
modities during the first year of the Wil.
son law, but that at even the very low cus
toms tax which that law imposes th<>re
should be a large increase in customs col
lections. As soon as our markets were
loaded up with foreign merchandise, how
ever, the customs beean to show large de
ficits. The reason why customs receipts
fell off in the last year of the McKinley act
and increased in the first year of the Wil
son act is very clear, and the people under
stand it very well, Senator White's delib
erately planned effort to mislead to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Had fcenator White intended to acquaint
his hearerß with the cause and the tffect
of the shrinkage of customs during the
last year of the McKinley act and their in
crease during the first year of the Wilson
BCt, he would have given as the cause the
facts we have outlined, and be would have
pointed to the idleness of our industries
and the idleness of our wage-earners as
the effect, but the Senator knows that
nothing would drive the people awity from
Bryan so effectually as the presentation of
the truth.
PARAGRAPH 3 >B'JUt PEOPLE.
The income of the Duke of Portland is stated
to be a quarter of a million pounds a year.
Barney Barnato is said to have asilk-produc
ing enterprise at the Cape under consideration.
Millais was once glad to turn out portraits at
$15 apiece. He lived to receive $15,000 for a
portrait.
Marie Corelli is entertaining a party of
women grouse-hunters at KUliecrankie, Perth,
shire, Scotland.
The Emperor or Russia is taking particular
interest in a commission to make a collection
of the popular fongs aud national ballads ol
Russia. M. Istomie, a well-known ethno
graphical authority, is conducting the inquiry.
When William John of Newark, N. J., went
Bwimming the other day he took a small
dog along to watch his clothes. While
bathing Jones was suddenly seized with
cramps and drowned. Pending the recovery
of the body the faithful dog kept close guard
on the clothing, and then followed his dead
master to the morgue.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Ex-Justice Henry Schaefer of Los Angeles,
the discoverer of the famous White Hills mines
in Arizona, where the town of White Hills has
since sprung up, is In the City.
The Judge has recently bought the old
Cousin Jack gold property near Grizzly Flat,
El Dorado County, twenty miles from Placer
ville. He has let * contract and is going to
develop the mine rapidly.
"This is an old mine," said he yeßterday,
"and has had a lot of work done on it at
various times. There are three tunnels on the
vein, one of 200 feet, another of 378 and the
other of 500 feet. One is below the other. I
am continuing the lower tunnel.
"The ledge varies in width from eight inches
to two and a half feet. Some of the ore is very
rich. The property is in the Henry diggings
and faces the middle fork of the McComas
EX-JUSTICE HENRY SCHAEFER, the Noted Discoverer of the
Rich White Hills Mines.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
River. It is an old mine that was worked in
the early days.
"The advantage of working a mine that was
a mining district like the White Hills is that
there is an abundance of wood and water.
You have both almost on your ground.
"I owned the Schaefer's Treasure, Emma,
one-half of tho Norma and some other proper
ties at White Hills, which six weeks ago I s.ild
to R. T. Root andotbers of Colorado for f 18,000.
I had previously been offered $60,000. These
are silver mines. If I had had the water and
4imi>er there that I have in the Henry dig
gings I would not have sold them for scarcely
any amount."
PERSONAL
Dr. W. W. Eastman of Sonora is in town.
M. M. Bellinger of Tacoma is a visitor here.
Charles C. Geltner of Table Rock is at the
Rues.
Scott J. Anthony of Denver arrived here yes
terday.
James F. I'ect, an attorney of Merced, is in
the City.
Ex-Judge 11. J. Bond of Seattle arrived here
yesterday.
J. Fred Kelsey of Ventura is in the City for a
short stay.
O. D. Colvin and Miss Colvln of Seattle are
at the Palace.
W. P. Rayburn of Springfield, 111., is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
C. H. Coiburn, the mining man of Virginia
City, is visiting this City.
J. W. Beckwith of Oberlin, Ohio, wm one of
the arrivals here yeßterday.
D. P. Durst, the extensive grain-grower of
Whe&tland, is at the Grand.
B. R. Herman of Washington, D. C, was
among yesterday's arrivals.
Alfred Gerner of Mess, Norway, is among th«
recent arrivals at the Palace.
The Rev. Dr. Alexander and Mrs. Alexander
of San Anselmo ar s in the City.
Dr. T. H. Mathews of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
V. S. Smith, a merchant of Portland, Or., is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. J. Bailey, a business man of Ontario, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. Carey, a wealthy farmer of Madera, Is at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel with his wife.
C. M.Colgnn of Sacramento, secretary of the
State Board of Equalization, is at the Lick.
Carlos F. Hillman, the millionaire of San.
tiago, Chile, is at tue Occidental, accompanied
by his family.
S. M. Green, the wealthy mining man of Mil
waukee, has returned here. He is interested
in some of the best properties of the West.
C. A. Kessler, a business man of Phranix,
Ariz., who has long been a resident ol the'
great Southwestern Territory, is at the Grand.
Frank J. Branton of San Jose, who was secre
tary of the Senate and who has lon& been
known an a leading accountant, is among the
arrivals here.
Joseph Hatch, a prominent resident of Cam
den, N. J., is" at the Occidental, accompanied
by Mrs. Hatch, Miss Hatch, Miss E. A. Hatch
and Arthur Hatch.
J. A. Coram of Boston, one of the heavy own
ers in the Anaconda and Calumet and Hecla
copper mines, and who is largely interested ia
the Merced Mining Company at Coulterville,
is at the Palace. ' He is accompanied by C. H.
Palmer of Butte and J. F. Moffett of New York
both heavy mining men.
Mrs. M. M. Tabor of Denver, Colo., wife of
Muxie Tabor, for many years leading owner of
the rich Matchless silver mine at Leadville, is
at the Palace, accompanied by Mrs. P. B. Wil.
son of Denver. Mrs. Tabor is the .lauzhter-in
law of ex-United States Senator H. A. W. Tabor
of Colorado, who has long been such a pictur
esque figure in the West.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 12.— At the West
minster, W. C. H. £adger; Holland, N. Blais
dell; Metropolitan, H. F. McGinn, T. A.
Smith; Vendome, G. Fontaine; Cosmopolitan,
L. !• Goss; Continental, Mrs. J. Allen, W. Guy!
BRYAN'S "PLAIN PEOPLE" HUM.
BUG
Boston Herald.
The talk about the piain people that has just
emanated from the Bryan National Campaign
Committee, and is often heard trom Bryan
himself and his supporters, 1b ridiculous or
mischievous, or both. It is an attempt to
create a class that does not exist in this coun
try and to divide American citizens bylines
which are fraudulent in the case of those who
make the distinction and imaginary in those
who accept it. There is no "plain people"
class in this country. It would be interesting
to learn how those who are glibly using the
term define its meaning. The truth is that if
there are pl»in people they pervade all classes,
or all classes that have the spirit of American
ism in them. There are people of various de
grees of intelligence and of wealth and of dif
ferent occu put ions with a view to earning a
living and doing their work in the world, but
there is no class which has a monopoly of
"plainness." Illiterate people are not plainer
than intelligent people ; men who wear ready
made clothing have nocltiiin to be called plain
above those who order clothing made for them
by tailors; a small income does not Imply a
man plain above another who has alargsr one.
LINCOLN ON BRYAN.
Buffalo Express.
Mr. Bryan's windy oratory calls to mind a
sally attributed to President Lincoln. He had
been listening to a young man whose power of
lung and flow of words were more in evidence
than were ideas. When he had finished Lin
coln turned to a lriend and observed : "Tbat
younechaD reminds me of a steamer I once
saw on the Ohio River. It hnd an eight-foot
boiler and a twelve-foot whistle, and every
time the whistle blew tue boat stopped."
A CAMPAIGN CHARACTER.
A-sittln* front o' Jones' store, 'most any summer's
day.
Is Jim. He's known by every one thet travels
•ronnd that way.
He's studied up on politics: kin figger out each
chance
An' give ye bottom facks about our National
finance.
I've heard loins say they don't believe Jim labors
ez he should:
He gives up all bis time a-thtnuin* fur his coun
try's good.
An' 1 feel, while readtn' papers with their argy
ments so slim,
Thet they don't know wbut they're mlssln' by not
interviewin* Jim.
He won't go shovln' forrard ter electrify the crowd:
Like every man of intellect he's distant like an 1
proud.
He's conscious thet he's got the calcerlatlons
straight an' pat.
An' ef hi* country needs 'em, why it knows ies*
where they're at.
But in the private circle of his friends 'ell oft un
bend,
An' feast yer mind on logic an' opinions without
end.
An' yer can't help realizing while a-listenin* ter
him,
Thet they don': know whut they're missln' by not
lniervjewin' Jim. —Washington Star.
CAMPAIGN ECHOES
Bryant hope of success is grounded wholly
on the late P. T. Barnum's theory that a fool
is born every minute.— Chicago Tribune. ,
Some patent medicine man should at once
announce the "Sewall-Watson Porous Plaster."
It should be a sticker.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
This is a year for patriotism. Vermont comes
forward with the same promptness that she
did in 1776 and 1861,— St. Joseph (Mo.) Her
ald.
Evidently the Vermont working men are
not hankering after the Mexican toiler's goats'
milk and cornbread diet.— Kansas City Jour
nal.
It Is safe to infer from the manner in which
he is talking about it that it will not be neces
sary to notify Tom Watson of his nomination.
New York Journal.
When BiUy Bryan shakes hands with the
toilers of Eastern Pennsylvania he will proba
bly explain why he voted for free coal —
Scran ton fPa.) Tribune.
Mr. Sewall has his barrel on exhioltion,
but he has a card on it which says: "Hands
off 1" You can see, but you must not touch
you know.— St. Joseph (Mo.) Herald.
Attempts have been made before to fool the
Yankee and failed. When it comes to trading
horses the New Englander knows his business
We point to Vermont for corroborative evi
dence.—Trontou Gazette.
One of the most sensible utterances of Mc-
Kinley since the campaign opened was his
saying that tne tariff is the great issue of the
present contest. Major McKinley could not
have stated a greater truism than this.— St.
Joseph (Mo.) Herald.
Our correspondence from all over the Union
and more especially from regions not lon* airo
given over to Bryanism, indicates that the
campaign against common-sense is not flour
ishing hat else could be expected of an un,
taking so preposterous?— New York Bun.
Here comes another into the campaign
MS""* nominated for Vice-president Bill
McKinley, Bill Bryan and Bolivar Buckner
represent the busy Presidential B' s In this con.
test; but only one B will be President mil
McKinley. the Ideal American wUhtneAme
, can ldea.-Bloomington_(Ill.) Leader.
"Look here," said the wayfarer, "can'tv«n
me 6 ntV i 9 rnlBlo «
?ove?r? y °- U PUt them nnd «r
"Them things belong to me," renlied th«
busies,..' Olt> VY ° Ug ° M * miDd yonroj
18O2."-ClevelandLader *' "" ttad « in
PEOPLE ARE CURIOUS.
Size of the Crowd a Poor Index of it,
Vote. ' ■• •
On« nf ♦v St : LOUIB Glo °e-Democr a t.
dous outpouring of my fellow-citizens?" ex.
claimed the candidate at several points on hiit
westward swing around the circle, orwoms to
that effect. "It means that the people »» ~t
tin* tired of being ruled by boWsVnd bond
syndicates, and are taking steps to rule them
selves." Bryan modestly gives the cause the
credit for the crowds, but the Eryan pacer*
give- a good deal of the credit to ihe candidate
Here, as in many other particulars, that fa tai
deft-ct in the mental makeup of Bryan and his
admirers obtrudes itself— either they hava
never read any American hißtory or they an
not understand it. They know nothing ap
parently, about the experience of Stephen a.
Douglas, Horace Greeiey or James G. Blame
on the stump.
Each of these three men, as the Bryanites
themselves must concede, was immeasurably
above Bryan in political experience and
ability, and whether the Bryanites concede,
this or not, was far above him in power as a
stump orator. Some of the audiences of these
candidates seemed at the time to cover acres.
Everywhere they received ••ovations." And
yet all were beaten— Douglas and Greeiey by
immense majorities.
The Bryanites make no allowance for the
feeling of curiosity In the average person.
Bryan filled tne Madison Square Garden, yet
there is not much doubt that that rock-ribbed
Democratic stronghold, New York City, will
give a majority to McKinley, while McKinley's
maj'irity in the State, the New York Herald
estimates, will reach nearly 200,000. Bryan
could have tilled the largest haU in Vermont
even on the day last week when that Siato
went with virtual unanimity against him.
He would receive an "ovation" in every
town in Pennsylvania he would visit, but
Pennsylvania will roll up a majority against
him in November which will make Governor
Hastings' 241,000 lead in 1894 seem in com
parison almost as small as Cleveland's was
over Blame in New York in 1884. Next Satur
day Bryan will make a speech at four different
points in St. Louis; at each place a tremendous
crowd will greet him and also at each place
ti;e enthusiasm will bo unbounded, yet St.
Louis will give a 30 or 40 per cent larger ma
joritj to McKinley than it ever gave to any
other Republican Presidential candidate- In
seme respects the oddities of Bryan and his
supporters are among the strangem hallucina
tions to be found.any where ia American polit
ical annals.
A PRETTY HOUSE GOWN.
Green China silk with black rings is the
material employed in the above gown. The
belt and collar are of black and green taffetas
cut on the bias and hemmed by hand.
A dress of dart green mohair made after
this model had tne body of the waisi of em
broidered batiste over violet silk, with beit
nud cuffs of violet and green-shaded ribbon
The sleeves of this were made wltnout tho
ruffle, being a plain full puff over a titled
lower sleeve of tne batiste over silk.
A serge dress of black had a full body of Per
sian silK with a deep ruffle of block chiffon at
the neck which hung in points over the
sleeves, the back and front; belt and collar of
the silk.
This model is adapted alike for silk, wool or
cotton fairies. The \>aisi lias a lilted liuine
with apuflending in a ruffle at the elbow
The fitted sleeve may be omitted below tha
elbow as shown in the large figure. Or the
puff may be made without the ruffle. The belt
is the new wide folded style. The waist
buttons iv front.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street
California glace fruits, 500 lb. Townseaffs.*
• » » :—: —
Special information daily to manufacturtri,
business houses and public men by the Pros*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Jesse Grant's Sllstake.
Fresno Republican.
Jesse Graut says he cannot swallow the Dem
ocracy, and, therefore, he joins the Populists.
It looks very much as if it were a roundabout
way of attaining the same end. At any rate,
we imagine that his mouth will taste horrib.y
of Democracy before two months have passed.
College I'arty.
A party of college people and their friends will
leave for Chicago and various Eastern universities
on nexc Toesclay evening, the 15th of September.
They have chartered a special Northern Pacino
tourist car, upholstered in leather, and no objec
tionable person will be admitted. For really first
class accommodations at second-class rate*, this is
the finest excursion of tne year. Reservations ar«
now being made, but a few more will be admitted.
For full information apply to T. K. Stateler, gen
eral a^ent Northern Pacilic Hallway, 638 Msrket
street, fcan Francisco.
Are You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Bailroad-santa Fa
route— is tbe coolest and most comfortabls sam
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trauv
portatlon of families becansft of Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tonriat sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
Charge of attentive conductors ana porters. S»a
Fmnclsco Ticket office. 644 Market street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1631. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
Dr. Sikqkbt 8 Angostura Bitters are the best
remedy for removing indigestion and ail diseases
of the digestive organs.
As an expectorant Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Instantly relieves the bronchial tubes of tha
mucus that obstructs and irritates them.
I» afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thorns
•on* Eye Water. druggists sell It at 33 cants,
Gaining; Ground.
Alameda Telegram.
It is quite generally conceded that tha
woman suffrage cause is gaining ground every
NEW TO-DAY.
n"ijl SNIPS-
Iid H 1 iff Mi\flr>}.
U'&bhUUij
0.25 DINNER SET -
" . complete for 6 persons, 84 pieces.
g.75 DINNER SET
w — complete for 12 persons, 100 pieces.
Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
4.75 DINNER SET !vr i
~ — - Decorated, for 6 persons,' 54 pieces.
"7.75 DINNER SET
■ ■ Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 piece*
Guaranteed Very Best Quality. ,
PRETTY DECORATION. •
Will Coat You Double Elsewhere.
r SHE THEM,
FRUIT ( 45 ° per Dob. Pints, ;
VrtV 11 5 55c per Doz. Quarts. •
JARS. I 75c r Doz - H* l ' Gallons.
""^^ l 30c par Doz. Jelly Glasses.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
'344 Market st. 4 6 Ninth st.
3510 Mission at. aiB Third st.
140 Sixth St. 3008 Fillmore St.
7 K «" rn y «*• - 965 Market st.
1419 Polk at. 3006 Sixteenth st.
mi Montgomery mvti. 104 Second st.
*** Hayes st. . . 3285 Mission at. ;
..".. 53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo «ye. . 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alameda.EDMUND GOSSE'S NEW
BOOK OF DELIGHTFUL
KIT-KATS ABOUT MANY
LITERARY CELEBRITIES
All lovers of genial and appreciative literary
criticism which is tempered by a fine discrim
ination will welcome Mr. Gosse's "Critical Klt-
Kats." We are glad to be told in the preface
what the title signifies. It appears that "kit
kat" was a term used in the last century to
designate a half-length portrait— one which
"emphasizes the head, yet does not exclude
the hand." Mr. Gosse has used the name very
aptly in this connectipn. The essays in the
volume concern both the head and hand — the
life and works— ot the writers he discusses.
Many of the sketches contain new material
personal reminiscences which no one writes
more delightfully. Notably is this true of the
article on Stevenson, which first appeared in
the Century Magazine. The other essays were
printed originally in English reviews and are
new to many American readers.
The opening essay on "The Sonnets from the
Portuguese" tells the story of how those finest
of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's poems came
to be written. It was during the happy time
of their courtship that she put her love into
words with an intensity few women poets have
been sincere enough to express. The poems
were not, however, shown to her lover until
after their marriage; when, one morning, she
slipped them into his pocket as he stood look
ing out of the window, and then fled from the
room!
The sonnets were such an Intimate revela
tion of her own inner life at the time that she
hesitated about having them published. But
Robert Browning, considering them the great
est sonnets since Shakespeare's, insisted upon
their being given to the world. There was
much uncertainty about a fitting title. "The
name which was ultimately chosen, 'Sonnets
rom the Portuguese,' was invented by Mr.
Browning as an ingenious device to veil the
true authoiship, and yet to suggest kinship
with that beautiful lyric called 'Catarina to
C'amoens,' in which so similar a passion had
been expressed. Long before he ever heard of
these poems Mr. Browning called his wife his
'own little Portuguese,' and so, when she pro
posed sonnets translated from the Bosnian, he,
catching at the happy thought of 'translated,'
replied, 'No, not Bosnian, that means nothing,
bu t from the Portuguese ! They are Catarina' s
sonnets.' And so in half a joke, half a conceit,
the famous title was invented."
All the lender pathos and beauty of that
courtship is revived in the reader's mind by
this sketch of Gosse's. Robert Browning came
into Elizabeth Barrett's life when she was
long past her youth; saddened by the loss of
her brother, and so broken in health that
death instead of love was her expected guest.
All who have read the sonnets will recall their
revealing sequence, her gradual yielding and
turning from death to life and the final
abandonment to a noble passion. That was,
in truth, a union— as Mr. Gosse has so well ex
pressed it— "of two of the most distinguished
j-pints which our centuTy has produced."
••Keats in 1894" follows next in Mr. Gosse's
volume. It is the address delivered by the
author on the unveiling of the monument
sent by the poet's American admirers. Mr.
Gosse pays high tribute to Keats. The lovers
of that poet who died so young, yet left work
so perfect, will be glad to read these words,
torning from one who is privileged to speak
with authority: "Shall I say what will startle
you if I confess that I sometimes fancy that
we lost in the author of the five great odes the
most masterful capacity for poetic expression
which the world has ever seen?"
Thomas Lovell Beddoes, the subject of the
iollowing essay, is probably little known to
Americans, or only to some stray reader of
"Death's Jest-Book; or, the Bride's Tragedy."
He was an eccentric Englishman who lived
in the early part of the century, the friend of
Barry Cornwall, and a poet of some ability at
a time when there was a dearth of great poetry
in England. He found life profoundly un
satisfactory, and ended by taking himself out
of it. A first attempt at suicide resulted in
the amputation of one leg. His second at
tempt was successful. He left a most extraor
dinary letter, containing, together with some
practical directions, the following words: "I
ought to have been, among a variety of things,
a good poet— life was too great a bore on one
peg, and that a bad one." The account closes
with some fierce stanzas from "Death's Jest-
Book, " which Robert Browning "almost ex
travagantly admired and was never weary of
reciting." Mr. Gosse recently edited a most
attractive edition of Beddoes' poems, which
was limited to 500 copies in England and
500 tor America.
All admirers of Omar Khayyam, and I doubt
not they are legion, will be glad of the ac
count given here of his translator, Edward
Fitzgerald, "one of the most recluse and se
questered of modern men of letters." There
was extremely little known until the publica
tion of his "Life and Literary Remains" (which
Gosse reviews) of the personality of the man
who made the old Persian poet's verses vivid
and living to nineteenth century conscious
ness. Perhaps no more wonderful translation
was ever made. Indeed, it is often suspected
that Fitzgerald's version is more a creation
than a translation. The philosophy of the
form seems strikingly modern. Still we re
member that agnosticism and mysticism have
existed in all ages, though we are prone to
think that our doubts are recent inventions of
the "Time-Spirit." Fitzgerald was a country
gentleman in easy circumstances. He wrote
in a leisurely, dilettante sort of way, never
urged by pecuniary want cr the desire for
fame. He was an intimate friend of Tenny
son, of Thackeray and of Cariyle, and his let
ters contain many pleasant reminiscences of
these great writers, who visited him in his
country home. 'After a little desultory literary
work, which he could hardly escape consider
ing his intimates, he took up the study
of Persian. He tried his band first at
translating Jami and later Omar's "Rubai
yat." The latter, written in a more orthodox
age than our own, he had some difficulty in
getting printed, and there was not the slight
est (.ale for the poem. Ruskin wrote the au
thor a letter of praise, which lor some mys
terious reason reached him only after ten
years. Outside of his personal friends the
poem received not the slightest recognition
until Dante Gabriel Rossetti discovered it
and Swinburne came forward in "the gen
erous race to make the poem appreciated at its
proper value." It is amazing to read of the
early lack of appreciation which met this
work, when one rememoers the countless
and beautiful editions of Omar Khayyam
which abound the world over to-day.
Edward Fitzgerald died in June, 1883, a
week after Tennyson had written' to him the
dedication of his "Tiresias." The sketch of
Walt Whitman is one of the most charming in
Gosse's volume. He treats the subject with a
delightful touch of humor. He confesses to not
being aWhiimanite. But he was much in
terested on the occasion of a visit he made the
poet in his dreary lodging at Camden during
his own recent trip to America. "I knocked
at thts dreary little two-story tenement-honse
and wondered what was going to happen. A
melancholy woman opened the door. It was
too late now to go away. But before I could
speak a large fl gure hobbling down the stairs
called out in a cheery voice, 'Is that my
friend?' Suddenly by I know not what mag
netic charm all wire-drawn literary reserva
tions faded out of being and one's only sensa
tion was of gratified satisfaction at being the
'friend' of this very nice old gentleman."
He goes on to speak of their conversation
and the charm of Whitman's rare sincerity.
The delightful reminiscences are mingled
with criticism, which I venture to think is
among the most sane and unprejudiced of any
that have been given us on this subject. "I
am inclined to admit that in Walt Whitman
we have just missed receiving from the New
World one of the greatest of modern poets, but
that we have missed it must at the same time
be acknowledged. But there is one condition
which distinguishes art from mere amorphous
expression; that condition is the result of a
process through which the vague and engag
ing observations of Whitman never passed.
He felt acutely and accurately, his imagina
tion was purged of external impurities, he lay
spread abroad in a condition of literary solu
tion. But there he remained, an expanse of
crystallizable substances, waiting for the
structural change that never came; rich above
almost all his coevals in the properties of
poetry, and yet, for want of a definite shapo
and fixity, doomed to sit forever apart from
the company of the poets."
The essay on Tolstoi is interesting and sugges
tive, though one might fancy the subject al
most written out.
Christina Rossetti possesses great interest
for all lovers of that melancholy and fascinat
ing Pre-Raphaelite. Mr. Gosse places her
sonnets above those of her brother. He makes
a trifling error in the statement that "Gabriele
Rossetti married the daughter of another
Italian exile, G. Polidorl, Lord Byron's phy
sician," thus making that wayward and un
happy gentleman, who, in despair over gaming
losses, ended his life by poison, the poet's
grandfather. John William Polidori, wh<.
traveled with Lord Byron, was in reality
Christina Rossetti's uncle, being her mother's
brother, as we learn from the recent "Letters
of D. G. Rossetti." The mistake is of small
importance, yet friends of the gifted brother
and sister are glad to feel that the shame and
sorrow of that wasted life was not their direct
inheritance. After some delightful memories
of the days of the germ and the first Pre-
Raphaelite fervor, which flowered out in the
poems of William Morris, Thomas Woolner,
Swinburne and the Rossettis, the author says:
"In the extremely rare gift of song-writing
Miss Rossetti has been singularly successful
Of the poets of our time she stands next to
Lord Tennyson in this branch of the art, in
the spontaneous and complete quality of her
lieder, and in their propriety for the purpose
of being sung."
Gosse holds that Christina Rossetti and Fitz
gerald were the two poets who most influenced
Swinburne's style. ' The author's personal re
collections of Christina Rossetti are interesting.
He speaks of the extreme tenderness of hex
conscience and tells of his difficulty in getting
her to sign a petition against the destruction
of a part of the New Forest, which Mr. Swin
burne had promised to put his name to if
Christina Rossetti would do the same.
At last she was so far persuaded of the in
nocence of the protest that she wrote Chr;
she then stopped, dropped the pen and said,
very earnestly : "Are you sure that they do
I not propose to build churches on the land?"
After a long time I succeeded in convincing
I her that such a scheme was not thought oi,
and she proceeded to write istina G. Ros
and stopped again. "Nor schoolhouses?"—
fluctuating with tremulous scruple. Atlength
she finished the signature and I carried the
parchment off to claim the fulfillment of Mr.
Swinburne's promise. Gosse speaks of her
secluded life and of her death in December,
1894, when, "after prolonged suffering, borne
with infinite patience, this great writer, who
was also a great saint, passed into the region
of her vision."
The next essay is a portrait of Lord de
Tabley, who died less than a year ago and who
is too little known to American readers. He
was of a shy and sensitive temperament, and
was discouraged at the lack of the recognition
he so nearly achieved in his youth. A few
years before his death, at 60 years of age, he
blossomed forth with a new volume, "Poems,
Dramatic and Lyrical," by which he is mainly
known to readars to-day.
The sketch of Toru Dutt, the remarkable
young Hindu gin who died so young, but left
work of such perfection in both French and
English, is full of most romantic and touching
Interest.
M. Jose-Maria de Heredia next invites our
attention. "In 1866 he was one of that happy
band of lyric boys who started the Parnaese
Contemporain, that germ of France." He was
one of the founders of the "Parnassian"' school
of poetry, and is to-day a member of the
academy.
Perhaps the most valuable essay, in point of
information, in the volume is the one on
Walter Pater. Little has hitherto been known
of the private life and character of this writer
of great prose.
By far the most delightful sketch in the
book is the one on Stevenson. The charm of
that man's personality seems to pervade every
thing that has been written about him. It is
hard to even think about Stevenson quite
calmly. A sort of intoxication seems to
radiate from the pages of his books— the in
toxication of pure beauty. One is conscious
of being hardly sane enough to be un
prejudiced. I have noticed that all readers are
either Stevenson lovers or haters. On those
that "can't bear Stevenson" heaven have com
passion ana let them never know their loss!
Mr. Gosse touches mostly upon his youth—
those days before he was famous, or Mr. Gosse
either. The lad used to visit the struggling
young reviewer, who had married on a -small
income and large hopes. The exigencies of
the situation prevented the Gosses from
entirely furnishing their house.
"The one person who thoroughly approved
of our great, bere, absurd drawing-room was
Louis, who very earnestly dealt with us on the
immorality of chairs and tables and desired
us to sit. as ne delighted to sit, upon hassocks
on the floor. Nevertheless as armchairs and
settees straggled into existence he handsomely
consented to use them, although never in the
usual way." ♦ • • "A very few of us were
convinced of his genius; but with the excep
tion of Leslie Stephen, nobody of editorial
status was sure of it." What an attractive
picture of Stevenson it is. With his high spirit
of courage and gayety against that background
of ill health. No writer is closer to the heart
of his generation than Stevenson. We feel
that Mr. Gosse's essay ends with fitting words.
"He became the mot;', exquisite English writer
of his generation; yet those who lived close to
him are apt to think less of this than the fact
that he was the most unselfish and the most
lovable of human beings."
Grace S. Mubser.
"The Epistolary Flirt," by Esmerle Amory, Is
promised by Way & Williams, October 15. The
book Is a satire upon platonic friendships.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
A BIRTHDAY.
BY CHBISTINA ROSSETTI.
My heart Is like a singing bird
. Whose nest is In a watered shoot;
My heart is like an apple tree
Whose boughs are bent wl h thick -set fruit;
My lieart is like a rainbow shell
That paddles In a ha'cyon sea:
My heiirt is gladaer than all these
Because my love is come to me.
Raise me a dais of silk and down;
Hang it with vair and purple dyes;
Carve it In doves and pomegranates,
And peacocks wlih a hundred eyes;
Work it in gold and silver grapes,
In leaves and silver fleur-de-lis;
Because the birthday of my life
Is come, my love is come to me.
FROM THE PORTUGUESE
BY KI.IZABETH BARRETT BBOWNIXG.
How do I love thee? ]et me count the ways—
I love :hee to the depth and breadth and height
My soul can reach, when feellug out'of light
For the ends of being and ideal giacj ;
1 love thee to the level of every day's
Most quiet need, br sun and candle light
1 love thee freely, as men strive for right;
1 love thee purely, as they turn from praise:
I love thee with the passion put to use
In my old Rriefs and w Ith my childhood's faith;
I love thee with a love I seemed to lose
With my lost saints— l love th»-e with the breath,
smiles, tears, of all my life! and if God choose
I shall but love thee better after death.
AT REST.
There is silence in the cottage,
For the toiler's tasks are o'er,
Weary eyes have drooped in slumber
That will open nevermore;
White, cold hands are softly folded
On the .pallid dreamer's breast,
And the uneols hover nigh her,
For her heart is stilled— at rent.
Kest, for the hours are gone.
And now the time baa come when thou canst lie
Tranquil, peaceful 'neath God's starry sky.
Rest on, thou heart, rest on.
Lo, the thin, worn hands were tired;
They had labored on so long,
And the eyes were dimmed with wepplng
O'er the world's dark sin jmd wrong,
A nd tne heart was weary — weary
With lta sorrows cruel and deep.
Now its cares are all forgotten
In ihat calm, unbroken sleep.
Sleep, sleep thou, wearied one,
Life's long, dull day has died within the west,
Its changeful hours, its lingering moments done.
Sleep, sleep, in sofi, sweet rest.
jHKOLITICS AND FINANCE-Books That
W%~& Treat on Subjects of General Interest to the
Intelligent Voter of the Republic—A New Life
of the Nation's Favorite Son, William McKinley
'ink OF THE PEOPLE. By Byron Andrews.
New York: W. Tennyson Neely, publisher. For
sale by William Doxey; prue. cloth, $1.
This is "The Life and Speeches of William Mc-
Kinley, Citizen, Soldier, Congressman, Gover
nor and Presidential Candidate." It is the third
•Life of MrKinley" received thus far since the
opening of the campaign. It embraces a com
plete re port of the St. Louis con vent ion, and con
tains also a brief sketch of Garret A. Hobart,
the Republican candidate for Vice-President.
Mr, Andrews very appropriately dedicated his
book "to those who have toiled on the Held of
battle and in the arts of peace to build this
Nation." In the narrative the author has
sought to draw inspiration from the character
of his subject. There is no effusive enlogy,
and the story is as straightforward as the man.
The career of a country boy is tollowed
through schooldays into the fields of
battle, where he was destined to win re
nown, back to his books and that great strife
of civil Mie in which also he has been crowned
with well-earned laurels, till at last he stands
before his fellow-citizens asking a further
pledge of confidence. It is the story of the
rise of "One of the People." The cover is of a
beautiful and happy design, bearing the em
blems of patriotism and prosperity; the flag
and shield 'and bird of protection, and the
horn of plenty that will shed its rich store
under the sound policy represented by William
McKinley.
TO REDUCE THE WAGES.
TIIE FREE COINAGE PROBLEM. By Lewis
.V. Dembltz. New York: Present Problems
Publ ishlng < "ompany.
In this little work the author discusses the
silver question from both the Kansas and the
Colorado points of view, the Kansas motive
being explained as that of paying of present
debts with cheaper dollars than those made of
23.22 grains oi fine gold, or which are equal
to tliem in value. The Colorado standpoint Is
the belief that free coinage in the United
States would greatly enhance the demand for
silver, and thus its price. After giving a his
tory of silver coinage in this country, the au
thor comes to the conclusion that all the tariff
acts and the navigation laws dwindle into
nothing compared to what the free silver men
ask — "a decree which enters every man's till
or pocket, and cuts in half every silver dollar,
fifty-cent piece, quarter, dime, nickel or cop
per, every treasury note, silver certificate or
bank note, which enters every counting-house,
and cuts in two both debtor and creditor bal
ances on every ledger; which compels every
w orkingman to whom a month's wages is due
to accept 52 per cent in full of his claims."
FINANCE AND FREE COINAGE.
GIVING AND GETTING CREDIT. By Fred
erick B Goadard. New York: F. Term-son
.Nf.lv, publisher. For sale by William Doxey ;
cloth, 12mo; price $1.
Mr. Goddard has written for business men a
book in which will De found much valuable in
formation and many useful, practical sugges
tions which commend themselves to the
thoughtful consideration of those to whom the
volume is particularly addressed. The author's
own views and comments on current financial
conditions merit careful attention. Stress is
laid on the subject of the general need of a
uniform bankrupt law in this country, and the
passage by Congress of the Torrey bill is
strongly advocated. The speculations on the
underlying causes of panics since 1814, which
are shown to have been equal in number in
civilized countries, and practically simul
taneous, are interesting. The proximate cause
of the panic of 1893 is put dowu as distrust of
DREAM -PEDDLERT.
BY THOMAS BEDDOKS.
If there were dreamt to sell
What would you buy?
' Some co< t a passing bell ;
Some a light slgb,
That shakes from life's fresh crown
Only a rose leaf down,
If there were creams to sell,
Merry ana sad to tell,
And the crier rang the bell.
What would you buy?
A cottage lone and still,
With bowers high
Shadowy, my woes to still
Until I die.
Such pearl from life's fresh crown
Fain would I shake me down
Were dreams to have at will
This would best heal my ill,
This would I buy.
But there were dreams to sell
111 diflst tbou buy;
Life is a iirenm they tell,
Waking, to die.
Dreaming a dream to prize
Is wishing ghosts to rise,
And, if I had the spell
To call the burled well,
Which one would 1?
If there are ghosts to raise
What shal 1 call,
Out of hell's murky haze,
Heaven's blue pall?
Raise my loved, long-lost boy
To lead me 10 bis joy—
There are no ghosts to raise,
Out of death leads no ways,
Vain lstlie call;
Know'st thou not ghosts to su«
No love thou bast,
£lse lie as 1 will do,
And breathe thy last.
80 out of life's fresh crown
Fall like a rose leaf down.
Thus are the ghosts to woo:
Thus arc all dreams made true,
Ever to last!
SONG.
BY CHBIBTINA BOMETTI.
O roses for the flush of youth,
And laurel for the perfect prime;
But pluck an ivy branch for me,
Grown old before my time.
O violet s for the grave of youth.
And bay for those dead in their prime:
Give me the withered leaves I chose
Before in the old time.
E. B. C.
the stability of the currency. The author Is,
however, an extremist in .his opposition to
bimetallism, and that he is a cold monometal
list of the uncompromising kind will appear
from these expressions of his:
"Silver is an old and faithful servant, but
commerce has outgrown its use, except as a
subsidiary coin. That the great nations will
unite to reinstate it is altogether improbable.
Bimetallism has become a 'back number.' For
the United States alone to sanction free and
unlimited silver coinage at any ratio with
gold which the friends of silver would ap
prove would be to open upon the country a
Pandora's box of evils."
DEMOCRACY'S CHAMPION.
BRYAN, SEWAI.L AND FREE SILVER. By
Richard h. Metcalf. San Francisco: Whitalccr
& Kay Company, publishers.
"The L'fe and Patriotic Services of Hon.
William J. Bryan, the Democratic candidate
for President of the United States, together
with a sketch of Arthur Sewall, Democratic
Vice-Presidential candidate, and a number of
articles bearing on the money question,"
makes up this volume of t»00 pages. The
author, who belongs to the staff of the Omaha
World-Herald, says he rlaims no literary
merit for the book. "It goes to the public,"
heavers, "as the simple and hastily written
life history of one who, unaided by inherited
wealth or environment otber than that of the
great common people with whom he has cast
his lot, has risen from obscurity to world-wide
fame." The volume is profusely illustrated,
and contains, among other things, the full
text of the Chicago convention speech which
hypnotized the delegates and won the Presi
dential nomination for William J. Bryan.
FACTS ABOUT MONEY.
SOUND AND SOLID MONEY— A Symposium of
the i ireaiest Statesmen and Philosophers of the
Agp on the ivoney Question. New York, X
Tennyson Neely, publisher. Paper; price 60
cents.
In this book are contained conclusive argu
ments by William McKinley, William C. Whit
ney. John Sherman, Thomas F. Bayard, Grover
Cleveland, John G. Carlisle, Garret A. Hobart,
Thomas B. Reed, Andrew Carnegie and others.
Not the least powerful presentation of facts
and convincing; deductions are from the works
of Alexander Hamllton.Secretary of the Treas
ury under Washington, and of Robert Morris,
who shows the differences in monometallist
standards. Heresies of the campaign are
punctured and free-silver perils graphically
depicted. The book opens wi th the following
biblical injunctions, which fix the money sit
uation:
"Thou shalt not have In thy bag divers
weights, a great and a small.
"Thou ahalt not have in thy house divers
measures, a great and a small.
"But thou shalt hare a perfect and just
weight, a perfect and just measure shalt thou
have."— Deuteronomy xxv:l3, 14, 15.
SATIRES ABOUT MONEY.
A HORRIBLE CRIME. By Alexander P. Hull.
New York: Present Problems Publishing Com
pany.
This embraces several clever satires on the
FROM THE PORTUQUESE
BY KI.IZABKTH BARKKTT BROWNING.
First time he kissed me he but only kissed
The finders of this band wherewith I write,
And ever since It grew more clean and white
Slow to world's greetings: quick with tts "Oh, list,"
When angels speak A ring of ametbyst
I could not wear here plainer to my light
Than that first kiss. The second passed In height
The first and sought the forehead, and half missed,
Half falling on the ha r, Oh, beyoud meed !
That was the chrism of love with love's own
crown,
With sanctifying sweetness did precede.
The third upon my lips was folded down
In perfect purple state. Since wnen. Indeed,
I have been proud and said, "My love, my own."
THE MIND.
Alas, though sweet and much, this Is not all
That heavenly joy could be could I but choose;
For, drifted on the storm, the flowers lose
Their path and may 'mid ugly briars fall;
And. always on the ground, their joy must pall.
No, let me as a bird with morning's dews
Arise each lovely day, and let the muse
Of rapturous sonic be In my bean to call
Forth joy and life in every woeful breast;
Give me the wings, volition's slaves, to bear
Me over where the summer's day may be.
What though I've knowledge none, 'twill be a rest
To lay the burden down in God's sweet air
To live and sine for all eternity.
From -Out of a Silver Flute,' 1 by Philip Vbs-
Xl 1 I. MISHELB.
MORNING SERENADE.
(From the French of Victor Hugo.)
BY TOBD DUTT.
Still barred thy doors'— the far East glows.
The morning wind blows fresh and free;
Should not the hour that wakes the rose
Awaken also thee?
No longer sleep,
Ob, listen now!
I wait and weep,
But where art thou?
All look for tnee. Love, Light and Song;
•Light in the sky, deep red above,
Bong in the lark of pinion strong
And In my heart true Love.
No longer sleep,
Oh, listen now!
I wait and weep,
But where art thou?
Apart we miss our nature's coal.
Why strive to cheat our destinies?
Was not my love made for thy soul?
Thy beauty for mine eyes?
No longer slepp.
Oh, listen now!
I wait and weep
But where art thou?
money question. The "horrible crime" re
ferred to is "the demonetization of iron 2200
years ago." The author declares it to have
been an incalculable loss to manKind; tells
about the ruinous fall of prices, and insists
that the free coinage of iron at 16 to 1 with
gold is the only remedy and entirely practi
cable. "Our Government can do anything,"
he maintains. "No fear of a pig-iron basis.
Free coinage ol iron would give us higher
prices and wages and plenty of money."
"The Free Coinage Problem" and "A Hor
rible Crime" are Nos. 1 and 2 of a penny
magazine, "Present Problems," containing
popular, discussions on the money question
from a sound-currency standpoint.
ABOUT FREE SILVER.
FREK SIIA'KR. By C. M. Stevans. New York,
F. Tennyson Neely, publisher. Paper: price 50
cents.
This is one of the campaign handbooks of
the Bryan tree-silver wing of the Democratic
party. The author has already written up the
lives of Bryan and Sewall. The object of the
book seems,, in large measure, to be to array
labor against capital and the poor against the
wealthy. Right alongside of this book comes
one that refutes the Bryanese arguments. It
is called:
•
Mrs. Adlai £. Stevenson, president-general of
the National Society of the Daughters of the
American Revolution, has written a preface to
the new "Century Book of Famous Ameri
cans," which is soon to be published by the
Century Company and issued under the au
spices of the Daughters.
The September number of the North Ameri
can Review contains an attractive essay by
Dr. J. H. Glrduer upon "The Plague of City
Noises," which will appeal forcibly to all suf
fering from the wear and tear, the jarring
and pain produced by this bane of modern city
life. : :i^- ii"-,-;:.:i 'i"-,-; :.: \>:[
Those who have become interested In the
affairs of Spain during her recent misfortunes
will be Interested in the announcement by
the Macmillan Company of a volume of his
torical studies, entitled "The Year after the
Armada." The writer is Martin A. S. Hume,
author of "The Courtships of Queen Eliza
beth." __
The Roycrof t Printing-shop, at East Aurora,
N. V., announces an authorized edition .of
"On Going to Church," by G. Bernard Shaw.
The book is printed on Dekel edge paper,
Romanesque type and Kelmscott Initials.
There was also printed of the same work
twenty-five copies on Japan vellum that have
been hand decorated in water colors by Bertha
C. Hubbard. -t : K'
Among the theological books announced by
the Macmillan Company is an interesting
volume by the. Rev. J. E. C. Welldon, D.D., en
titled "The Hope of Immortality." It is not
intended, however, especially for theologians,
but, on the contrary, is for those who, without
such pretensions, have yet deep thoughts and
feelings about religion and a desire to face the
facts of human nature and life.
Way A Williams have In preparation a
volume of stories of the Chicago slums, by I.
X. Friedman, entitled "The Lucky Number."
Mr. Friedman has made a study of the slums
of Chicago, which enabled him to understand
the motives that lay behind such dramatic
incidents as he describes. He does not occupy
himself so much with the petty details of a
situation as with the romance of it, its sig
nificance, its effect upon character.
GYPEE — THAT WONDERFUL
ROMANCE OF THE SOUTH
SEAS, AND A GLIMPSE
OF THE MAN WHO WROTE IT
TYPEE, a Real Romance of the South Peas, 07
Herman Melville. Published by the American
Publishers' Corp ration, 3.0-318 Sizth avenue.
New York. Price 50 cents.
The American Publishers' Corporation is
making a wise move by reissuing in popular
form Herman Melville's sterling romances.
Of these, "Typee" is considered by competent
critics to be the best. Its publication at this
time would seem to betoken a return on the
part of the reading public to a taste for more
healthy varieties of literature than those with
which it has lately been supplied. It is a fact
(to our discredit be it recorded) that famous
books of travel, which for generations iormed
the bulk of our libraries, are relegated to the
topmost shelves — honored as classics, but un-
dusted and unread.
"Typee" made its appearance in 1846. Its
publication in numerous editions has been at
tended with so much success, both in England
and America, that a short biographical note of
its author may be ot interest.
Herman Melville was born in New York on
August 1, 1819. Shortly after the death of
his father in reduced circumstances necessi-
tated the removal of his mother and the family
of eight brothers and sisters to the village of
Lansingburg, on the Hudson River. There j
Herman remained until 1835. A roving dis
position, combined with an inborn love of a
nautical life, led him to ship as cabin-boy in a
vessel trading between New York and Liver
pool. On this trip he visited London, after
ward returning to America on the same ves
sel. "Redburn: His Fiist Voyago," published
in 1849, was the direct result of his experi
ences.
Between 1837 and 1840 Melville occupied
himself with schoolteaching. For his work in
this direction he was remunerated with tne
sum ot "six dollars per quarter and board."
Then the nomadic instinct broke out in him
again. His biographer, 'Arthur Steadman, is
of the opinion that a perusal of Richard
Henry Dana's "Two Years Before the Mast"
was the cause of this second outbreak. He
shipped in the whaler Acushnet, bound for
the Pacific Ocean and the sperm fishery. Mel
ville decided to quit the vessel at the Mar
quesas Islands. The story of "Typee" begins at
this point, and the immense influence his
whaling cruise had upon him can best be de
scribed in his own words:
"If I shall ever deserve any real repute in
that small but high-hushed world I might not
be unreasonably ambitious of; if hereafter I
I shall do anything tnat on the whole a man
might rather have done than to have left un
done • * • then here I prospectlvely
ascribe all the honor and the glory to
whaling; fora whaleship was my Yale Col
lege and my Harvard."
The sequel to "Typee" was named by Melville
"Omoo." Like the first it is a record of adven
ture in the South seas. After staying at Hono
lulu for four months, during which time he
was employed as a clerk, our author joined
the crew of the American frigate United States,
which reached Boston in October, 1844. The
narrative of his experiences is to be found in
"White Jacket; or, The World in a Man-of-
War."
It will thus have been seen that of Melville's
four most important books three are directiy
autobiographical and one partly so. It is not
to be supposed that he entered upon a nautical
I career with the distinct project of making lit
j erary capital out of it. And it is well that he
' did not, for this insured a freshness of style
j that would have been impossible under other
circumstances.
"Typee" was completed in 1845. The manu
script was handed to a brother of Melville,
with instructions to submit the same to the
late John Murray, who immediately accepted
it. Its publication followed shortly after, and
was attended with much success.
The lecture platform claimed much of Mel
ville's attention during the years 1857 and
1860. He lectured in cities as widely apart as
Montreal, Chicago, Baltimore and San Fran
cisco, reaching the latter pluce in 1860, after a
trip 'round the Horn.'
Among the many famous authors who were
in communication with Melville at one time
or the other may be mentioned W. Clark Rus
sell, Nathaniel Hawthorne (who was his neigh
bor tor some years) and Richard Henry Stod
dard. Clark Russell, in particular, found much
to excite his admiration in Melville's work.
An extract from one of Melville's letters will
serve to show how the readers of England re
garded Melville's writings:
"Your reputation here is very great. It is
hard to meet a man whose opinion as a reader
is worth having who docs not speak oi your
work in such terms as he might hesitate to
employ, with all his patriotism, toward many
renowned English writers."
Coming from such a source, this was praise
indeed, and it should be noted that Melville's
increased reputation in England at the period
of this letter was chiefly owing to a series of
articles on his work written by Russell.
Melville died ai his home in New York City
in September, 1891. Numerous and lengthy
reviews of his life and work were published in
the American press at the time.
Of "Typee" it can only be said that it was
regarded as a classic immediately on its ap
pearance, and there can be no doubt that it
will continue to hold its place as such. In
charm of description it can be compared to
that friend of our boy hood, "Robinson Crusoe."
Possessing as he did a pen that was both virile
and facile, the death of Herman Melville was
a loss to American letters, his influe nee upon
which was at one time so marked.
AN ISLAND OUTCAST.
AN OUTCAST OF THE ISLANDS. By Joseph
Conrad. New York: D. Appleion & Co., pub
lishers, for sale by William JJoxey; paper,
price 50 cents.
Here, indeed, is a charming work, wherein
we breathe the languorous air of the mys
terious islands set amid the far Eastern seas.
It is issued in "Appleton's Town and Country
Library," and is a book worth while reading.
It is a delight to sail with the author on the
olden sea, and to listen to his eloquent scorn
of the sea of to-day.
"The old sea; the sea of many years ago,
whose servants were devoted slaves and went
from youth to age or to a sudden grave with
out needing to open the book of life, becaus
they could look at eternity reflected on the
element that gave the life and dealt the death.
Like a beautiful and unscrupulous woman,
the sea of the past was glorious in its smiles,
irresistible in its anger, capricious, enticing,
illogical, irresponsible; a thing to love, a thing
to fear. It cast a spell, it gave joy; it lulled
gently Into boundless faith; then with quick
and ceaseless anger It killed. But its
cruelty was redeemed by the charm ot
its inscrutable mystery, by the immensity
of its promise, by the supreme witchery
of its possible favor. Strong men with child
like hearts were faithful to it, were content to
live by its grace, to die by its will. That was
the sea before the timo when the French mind
set the Egyptian muscle in motion and pro
duced a dismal but prolitabie ditch. Then a
great pall of smoke sent out by countless
steamboats was spread over the restless mirrtfr
of the Infinite. The hand of the engineer tore
down the veil of the terrible beauty in order
that greedy and faithless landlubbers might
Docket dividends. The mystery was destroyed.
Like all mysteries, it lived only in the hearts of
its worshipers. The hearts changed; the men
changed. The once loving and devoted serv
ants went out, armed with tire and iron, and
conquering the lear of their own hearts, be
came a calculating crowd of cold and exacting
masters. The sea oi the past was an incom
parably beautiful mistress, with inscrutable
lace, with cruel and promi*ing eyes. The sea
of to-day is a used-up drudge, wrinkled and
defaced by the churned-up wakes ot brutal pro
pellers, robbed oi the enslaving charm of its
vastness, stripped or its beauty, of its mystery
and of its promise."
A BATCH OF LOVE LETTERS.
LOVE IN LETTERS. Illustrated in the corre
spondence of eminent persons. By James Grant
Wilson, I>.C.L. .\tw York: G. W. Dillingham
Company. For sole by the Ban Francisco News
Company, 206 Posl street.
We have it on the authority of Emerson that
"All mankind loves a lover." This statement
might be modified by some latter-day misogy
nist with the qualifying clause that the world
loves him up to the point where he puts pea
to paper. The reading ot a love-letter by a
third and disinterested party is invari
ably followed hy a diminution in the sympa
thy expressed lor the swain. But despite this,
there can be no doubt ihat there has always
been considerable vogue for volumes of love
letters. Of all forms of epistolary correspond
ence these have received the most attention.
James Grant Wilson of New York has lately
published a eollecuon of letters written by
some of the world's celebrities. Herein are
included specimens of the correspondence of
Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn, the Marquis
and Madame de Sevigne, Charles 11, Swift,
Steele, Pope, Sterne, Dr. Johnson, Goethe,
Pepys, Nelson, Burns, Napoleon and Jose
phine, Sir Walter and Lady Scott, Webster and
Keats. This list ot notables will suffice to give
the reader an idea of the scope of the work.
All these letteis, however, are not the letters
of lovers. Many of the personages enumer
ated would hardly suggest themselves to the
mind of the reader as admirers of femininity.
For instance, we cannot conceive Alexander
Pope appearing in any such role.
Physically disfigured as he was his advances
to the beautiful Lady Montague could only
have merited the fate they encountered. His
presumption was rebuked and thenceforward
he became, in the words of his biographer,
'•her bitter and unscrupulous foe, degrading
himself by indulging in mean and coarse*
abuse of the woman at whose feet he once
knelt, conduct unworthy of a gentleman."
Very interesting is the correspondence of
Dean Swift. Much has been written to show
that he whose name holds a place in English,
literature as the creator oi Lilliput and Brob
dingnag will be remembered to an equal degree
for his execrable treatment of Varina, Stella
| and Vanessa. To the second of these, his legal
and affectionate wife, he was particularly
cruel; and yet it, was to her he addressed
those witty and complimentary lines on her,
birthday:
Stella this day is thirty-four ,
(We shan't dispute a year or more) ;
However, Stella, be not troubled,
Although thy size and years are doubled '
Since first I saw thee at sixteen,
The brightest virgin on the green;
So little is thy form declined.
Made up so largely is thy mind.
.'■j--' O, would it please the gods to split*- • :
Thy beauty, size, and years and will
No age could furnish art a pair
Of nymphs so graceful, wise and fair;
With half the luster of your eyes,
With half your wit, your years and sixe.
And thea before it grew too late, v
How should I beg of gentle Fate,
(That either nymph might have her swain) ,
To split my worship, too, in twain.
While the matter contained in the volume ■
under review is of considerable value, it is to •'■
be regretted that the work is so cheaply
printed. A little more attention to technical
detail would make books of this kind of more
worth in the library. : 'ii' <*..'-,
•
Will Carleton's "The Old Infant and Simi
lar Stories," published recently by the Messrs. -
Harper, is the first prose work from the poet's
pen. •
"The Joy of Life" is the title of a new novel
by Miss Emma Wolf oi San Francisco, author
of "Other Things Being Equal" and "A Prodi
gal in Love " It is now in the press of Messrs,
A. C. McClurg & Co., New York.
Mr. dv Maurier is said to have got a higher
price for the MS. of "Trilby" than most
authors get for the serial rights in a novel.
The London Fine Arts Society preserves it in a
locked glass case. It is written in the hand
writings of all the members of the author's
family.
The Roy croft Printing Shop of East Aurora,
N. V., announces a companion volume to its
edition of "The Song of Songs: Which Is Solo
mon's"—viz., "The Journal of Koheleth: Be
ing a Reprint of the Book of Ecclesiasta,
With an Essay by Elbert Hubbard." Seven
hundred copies will be printed on Holland
hand-made paper, and twelve on Japan vellum
from type.
R. D. Blackmore is reported by Current
Literature as saying that he had offered his
famous novel, "Lorna Doone," to nineteen
publishers before it was taken. When brought
out it fell flat, but soon after came the mar
riage of the Princess Louise to the Marquis of
Lome, and society people, thinking Lorna
somehow had something to do with Lome,
bought the book, read it and liked it, thten,
recommended it to their friends.
Mr. Emerson said, "Next to the originator of
a sentence is the first quoter of it." The Cen
tury Company will publish in October a
unique book entitled, "Quotations for Occa
sions," a collection of about fifteen hundred
clever and appropriate quotations from Shake
speare and many other writers, intended for
use on dinner menus, invitations, concert
programmes, etc. It is said to be an extremely
clever collection, so bright and readable that
it may be picked up with enjoyment at any
time.
The September Cosmopolitan, as If to show
what a magazine can do, gives four complete
stories in a single number, by 6uch noted
authors as Frances Courtenay Baylor, Maurice
Thompson, Gertrude Hall and John J.
a'Becket. Louise Chandler Moulton, Mrs. Lew
Wallace, Francisque Sarcey, I. Zangwill, Agnes
Repplier, Norman Kerr, M.D., H. C. Chatfield-
Taylor, William Eleroy Curtis, Robert E. Stra
horn. Colonel Tillman and Ruth McEnery
Stuart are also among the contributors to this
one issue of a magazine that is sold for 10
cents. Among other writers, too, is Camille
Flammarion, who has an article on "The Won
derful New Kye of Science."
2324
AN UNCONVENTIONAL JOURNEY IN SISKIYOU
The beginning was conventional enough.
There was the usual visit to the ticket of
fice, under the Grand Hotel, and the usual
exchange of chinking coin for two bits of
rustling paper. No journey could have
begun under more prosaic circumstances.
It tapered off into the unusual and uncon
ventional.
There was a school to be taught to begin
with and a girl to teach, it to end with.
The school and the girl were 500 miles
apart, as the crow flies, and 5000 as civili
zation measures. The girl was in San
Francisco, the school in the wilds of Sis
kiyon, behind mountain after mountain
piled deep with April snows.
There was no misapprehension; the girl
knew where the school was and the school
knew where the girl was, and each had
faith that the school and the itirl would
come together at the appointed hour.
The girl baa climbed mountains on foot
and on the humble mule. Perhaps some
of the spirit of the mule had communi
cated itself to her, for she gave no thought
to the difficulties and possible dangers in
store, saying only to herself, "I must, I
will, I can."
i Perhaps the snow would be melted early
in the spring so a horse could travel the
trail; perhaps it would not have melted at
all and its crust would hold a surefooted
horse, and perhaps, on the other hand, it
would be just between these extremes — in
a state of yieldiug. Now, a yielding snow
bed, twenty feet deep and fifteen miles
wide, is anything but pleasant to cross,
especially for a girl five feet two in height.
By the time she found so^d footing there
would be little — I should say very little — of
her in sight. Still, there were the ether
"perhapses." The girl swept the last one
abide and enjoyed her vacation, viewed the
Midway and the Streets of Cairo— for it was
in the days of the Midwinter — and said,
"Get thee behind me" to all misgivings.
The day of departure came, as such days
have a disagreeable habit of coming, ex
actly on time, wearing a smile as though
they thought themselves welcome. The
aforesaid exchange was made at the ticket
office and the good-byes said — that is,
those which refuse to be put off with the
threadbare "Perhaps I shaJl see you again
before I go. 1 ' The Oregon express pulled
out with no more than its usual noise, the
porter made beds as composedly as though
no one of importance was on board, and
the girl slept the sleep of the unworried.
All night the train puffed and scolded
its rapid way throueh the Sacramento
Valley, smiling iv the moonlight; past its
orchards in bloom and its fields dressed in
deepest green. All the morning it climbed
up and flew down amid the wonderful
nature-pictures of the mountains, past
mossy falls, below castled crags, and ever
beside the snow-clad sentinel of Siskiyou.
The clackety-clack of the wheels played
a most aggravating tune. "How-are-you
going-across-the-snow?" it beat out in its
measured accents, and "What-will-you
do-if-you-can't-get-there?" until the girl
felt that a demon was traveling by her
side. At Gazelle the demon gave a fare
well shriek of scorn and prophesied disas
ter as it vanished, leaving the girl behind.
She knew what to do next. There was the
stage with a driver, and there in front lay
range number one with a resting-place on
the other side. The journey was tapering.
A ride on the front seat of a four-horse
stage is not the worst way of getting some
where. The road wound round and round
on the hillside, slanting up one way, then
turning on itself, yet getting nearer and
nearer the summit — like a human life.
The summit reached at last, the roads
showed brown against the green of the
second growth, like a brown eerpent
spread to rest in the sunset's glow. Then
down the other side in the twilight,
through the narrow valley in the dark,
and up to the gleaming lights of a little
town.
The girl was tired. She was not cross,
of course; teachers never allow them
selves to become cross; still it would hard
ly have been a good time to argue with
her. The driver had told her of the back
ward spring which had kept the snow
from melting, and the last few days of sun
Thrilling are my thoughts and tender,
As I sit beside the sea;
Thoughts of all the untold treasure
That will come one day to me.
And 1 find an eager longing
For that future to begin —
With dull care forever banished
When my ship comes in.
THE LOST SHIPS.
ONE of the most singular effects of the
long depression of business under
which every important branch is suffering
is the fact that it no longer pays to salvage
a vessel once it is wrecked. The whole ex
tent of the seaboard of the western coast is
marked by wrecks of the last forty years.
Until three years ago the business of
wrecking was a very profitable one and
many fortunes were made out of it.
Once abandoned by the owners the
wrecker purchased the hull ot the
wrecked vessel for little or nothing and all
that could be made out of it was his. Al
most every portion of an itoa vessel was
in demand, from the rigging to the anchor.
The sheathing that covered her sides and
every other portion made of steel was
bought up by rolling-mills to be utilized
for something useful.
which might have loosened the crust. He J
had also kindly told her, "Folks saia s-he j
never couiu do the trip and ought not to
be allowed to try. If she had i,o sense
herself her friends ought to have some for
her"— whieb was pleasant to hear and j
made her resolve to go on.
Tbe friend who came to meet her was
that rara avis, a man of tact. He glanced |
at the weary eyes and the stubborn mouth
and then he said: "Lome on, child, and j
have a cup of tea before you say a word.
We fixed a late supper and let the babies j
stay up to see you." Blessed be they who j
know when not to talk.
On the morrow there was a council of
war. If the girl would go she must have
a guide, and the guide must be a respon
sible person to be trusted on that long !
solitary ride with only his mountaineer's '
eye to guide him over the trail buried by
the snow. There was cne who knew the j
way and with whom the girl was willing I
to go, but would he go? It was no little i
thing to ask a man to cross that snow ;
twice; a service hardly to be estimated by i
dollars and cents.
Yes, Wili would go. He liked her de-
termination and felt Bare of her endur
ance.
"1 wouldn't undertake to get any otter
woman in Callahan over that range this
time of year," he told tbem frankly, "but
the teacher is strong as a boy. I've seen
her climb."
Elaborate preparations were made. A
lunch sufficient for an African expedition
was put up. The girl's baggage (one
small valise) was packed. Very particu
lar advice was siven by various people —
taken in one ear and sent out the other.
They started early on Friday morning
on horseback. If they found the snow too
soft the horses were to be left till called
for and they were to go forward on foot.
It was seven miles to the snow. The
morning was Dright, full of the promise of
April. The miners along the trail were busy
making holes while the water flowed. The
river dimpled and made faces. The wet
oozed from the rocky hillside ana trickled
down with little ripples of delight. The
spirit of the day filled the girl. The snow
would hold, she felt -sure. It was so an
noying that the guide did not feel sure.
WHEN MY SHIP COMES IN--By H. R. Hurlbut
The great castings of the cruiser Charles
ton were largely composed of this ma
terial. But nowadays no attempt is
made to save the material of a vessel that
goes ashore. Down on the Santa Barbara
coast the English ship Gostord, sunk two
seasons ago to save her from the flames,
si ill stands fully ringed in shallow water
waiting for the wrecker. /
The ship was a new one and costslso,ooo
and was but little injured when she was
scuttled but it will cost more to save her
than she will bring and she must be con
tent to remain where she is until more
prosperous conditions in business prevail.
fhe great steamer New York, built at a
cost of $1,000,000 and wrecked off Point
Bonita three years ago, is another in
stance.
It will not pay to try to save the 6000
tons of old steel that is left of her. and
see will rust away until prices of scrap ad
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
They didn't go galloping along. If you
| have ever ridden on a wet trail you know
i that. It was jog, jog at a waikini: pace,
picking foot-places in the slippery path.
At 9 the smooth white side of the first
j snow hill loomed up ahead. The guide
shook his head. The horses took a few
floundering bteps and shook their heads.
The girl looked back and shook her head.
There was no show for a horse. The
crust was there, to be sure, and strong
enough to bear a man, but the hone broke
through at every step. Should they go
bacK or go on? They would go on, the
girl said, with a set of her lips that meant
unreasoning persistence. They went.
The horses neighed after them. Now con
ventionality was left behind.
Slippery? Rather. The hobnails in the
girl's strong shoes could hardly make a
foothold. Every time the foot had to be
set down with force to keep from sliding.
Off came the jacket, on went the green
goggles. The work had begun, the ques
tion of a woman's endurance was to be
settled. Steadily they plodded alon.\
making no effort for speed. It was enough
to be slow and sure. The guide would
"Steadily they plodded alorvg through the White World of silence."
' consult marks on trees and tell how deep
the snow was. Twenty feet was common.
, Such giants were the pines they were not
' dwarfed with that twenty feet off. The
i air was clear, the sky from the snowligbt
j was a pure green. The pines barely moved,
the oaks never rustled, there was no tread
I of deer or rabbit, no sound of bird. Caught
j anil frozen in the snowcrust were bits of
j ruoss, pine tassels and oak leaves, mounted
jas no botanist could do it. A white world
iof silence. It was beautiful, wonderful,
: but oh, such hard work.
The guide beguiled the way with tales of
other journeys over the road; showed
where he broke a snowshoe and feared a
grave in the vast whiteness; pointed out
the place where bfl always camped with
the mules in the summer; and told of the
danger of sliding masses in the later
spring. A thoroughly good fellow, the
guide. The girl w>ll never forget his kind
ways.
It takes a short time to tell, it took a
long while to do tfcosc four hours of step
ping upward nn the glassy surface. The
view from the top was grand indeed.
And I know the world would wonder
Could it see the scenes I paint
On the canvas of my future —
Cherubs fair, and smiling saint,
And idyllic bits of woodland
Far off from the city's din,
Which I know the world holds for me
When my ship comes in.
vance. The steamships Colombia and St.
Paul are in exactly the same situation as
the New York. Their engines and boilers
were saved, but the rest of the vessel is
absolutely of no account, except to mark
the grave of the nautical reputations of
their late commanders.
When the wrecking business does revive
there will be plenty to do. Wrecks have
been very numerous in the last few years
along the coast, and at intervals of a few
miles black hulls can be seen projecting
above the surf. At present money is
savei by leaving these vessels to the ten
der mercies of the wind and sea.
An evidence of the striking uniformity
of size among the Japanese is found In
the fact that recent measurements taken
of an infantry regiment show no varia
tion exceeding two inches in height or
twenty pounds in weight.
Mountains and mountains and mountains !
East, west, north and south were lost;
merged into one ragged circle of moun
tains. Those nearer were clothed from
base tc apex with snow, which curled into
a great comb on the crest of a ridge. The
guide told how the combs break and fall
in the spring, leaving a great scar on the
white. Farther away the foothills were
brown, with a glistening crown on the
higher peaks; and still farther, all blended
in the blue of distance.
The girl could have rested there for
hours, leaning against the friendly pine,
painting that picture on her soul. The
guide was practical. Months before a
half-breed had been hired to come to the
other side of the snow with fresh horses
on this day. The guide knew the genus.
"He won't believe we're coming anyway,
and he won't wait long," he urged; "we'd
best cet over as early as we can."
In theory it is easier to co down than
up. This time it was harder. On the
south side the snow was softer, givineway
at every step three or four inches. It was
as comfortable as walking in deep sand,
and besides it was dreadfully wet. Every
once in a while feet would slip and girl
and guide would be sitting flntin the snow
laughing. It is too wei.k an expression to
call it wet.
At the bottom of the first ravine the
melting snow had made a rushing torrent.
Now, here was a situation! How was the
girl to cross that water? No tree across,
no stones, no anything. The guide's rub
ber boots made it easy for him, but wet as
the girl was she stmddered at the icy
stream. Nothing troubled the guide. He
was not a conventional person, anyway.
He gathered the girl in his arms and
waded in. getting her down on the other
side with as much ceremony as he would
use with a bag of meal he started back for
the valise. The girl looked at him to see
whether she cared or not, but as he looked
very matter-of-course she said nothing
and plodded on. After all, she thought,
how else could she get across In the same
undignified manner they crossed a dozen
gullies that day.
All the sunny atternoon they stumbled
and floundered in the wet snow till 4
o'clock. The patches of bare grounu
And my soul is filled with rapture
O'er the sight, surpassing fair,
As the sunlight gilds the towers
Of my castles in the air ;
Till 1 fear I may be sighing
For the dreamings that have been ;
For the real may seem so different
When my ship comes in.
EARNS HIS DRINK.
r^HE architect who arew the original
■*• plans for the new City Hall did one
thing he did not calculate on, and that
was to provide a means for practical jok
ing for the jolly young fellows who earn
their tidy salaries as clerks in the various
departments of the municipal tovernment.
When a friend of one of these employes
on whom it is safe to play a joke, and who
is not posted, first visits an office, he is
generally asked If he would not like a
quiet nip of pood liquor, and if he assents
is given a dark hint tl«at there is a supply
not far away. Several of the boys are go
ins alone;, will he wait until they get their
hats? Why, certainly. Then the proces
sion, with one of the jokers at the head,
starts out. Through the main corridor to
he central staircase that leads to the
basement they go, and the visitor at once
showed now and then. With hurried pace
they sought the spot where the horses
were to be.
Alas! ales! Tea>s came into the girl's
eyes — tears of anger — and she could have
quartered that derelict half-breed. Only
he wasn't there. A dying fire and a bunch
of white horsehair on a bush showed
where he had been.
The guide looked with pity. "Now,
that's too bad ! You're all faeged out,
and it's ten miles if it's a yard to the nearest
house." The girl laughed. It is much
better to laugh than to cry. "We'll have
to put one foot before the other till we get
there, that's all," she said much more
bravely than she felt. "It's on solid
ground and that's a comfort."
One foot was tired and so was the other,
and it was hard work to put one before
the other. It was best to move quickly to
keep warm in wet clothes. They dried in
a few miles, never causing the least chill.
I have otten wondered if the girl could
have crossed any more hills. The road
was level or nearly so, winding about
among the hills. Sunset came. The guide
brought out all his knowledge of wood
craft to cheer her, telling wondrous tales
of birds, beasts and trees. The Rirl
wouldn't talk. The twilight faded into
dusk and the moon came out. There were
stealthy steps in the leafy gloom, wings
fluttered as they brushed the trees, and
the streams sans louder and clearer in the
black ravine. The pace was a dull plod
now, a steady springless tread. The girl
walked behind too tired to even think.
It was simply a question of physical en
durance.
The guide looked at his watch. It's 10
o'clock," ha cried, "and here's Brown's
brush fence." The brush fence was a Tar
tar. They couldn't find the bars and in
desperation they squeezed and clambered
through it with a new strength, given by
the nearnpss of rest. In the dimness was
a bouse. Before the house was a restless
shadow moving up and down. They
didn't step. The shadow materialized
into Mr. Brown. He was surprised to see
them and sorry to send them on, but there
were seven people at the house that night
and only three beds. 1 wonder if poor Mr.
Brown wanders spirit-like in the moon
shine many nights in tbe year when Mrs.
Brown has company. Why couldn't she
fix him at least a bed on the floor? Mr.
Brown has my sympathy. I'm afraid he
didn't have the girl's.
It was just one mile to the doctor's,
where the guide knew there waß a
welcome. That mile took the girl just
one hour. Every step was harder. The
doctor seemed to think it most natural to
be wakened at 11 o'clock by a wandering
couple. The girl would have nothing to
eat or drink. She wanted a bed. The
doctor's sister tucked her in with the as
surance that she n*ver could rise in the
morning. The girl didn't care whether
she ever rose. Her head touched the pil
low and then — oblivion.
In the morninp the girl woke and real
ized. She moved one foot to see if she
could; then one arm, then she sat up dis
gusted. After all that fatigue she could
not be interesting. She could get up and
walk. I'm thinking the girl must have
been made of very common clay.
Since she was able she thought best to
ride the ten miles to the school, on the
same white horse whose tail In. l left a
token on the bush. The half-Breed was ou
hand, full of excuses. "It was so cold he
feared to stay on the trail longer." Cold !
And the girl carried her jacket every step
of the way.
The guide was left behind at the doc
tor's to go home alone. He would send
the girl's trunk by the first mule train in
June. He hoped she wouldn't get sick
from the trip.
She didn't.
Long after, when the snow was gone and
the trail was dusty, the girl traveled it
again, on the back of a trusty mule. The
trip was easier far, but the romance was
taken out. She would not like to walk it
again, but that unconventional stroll of
thirty- three miles is not Ahe least pleasant
of her memories. Olive Heydex.
conjures up visions of a secret "well" run
ning on the sly without the knowledge of
the City fathers.
Once in the basement the party plunges
into one of the dark and gloomy passages
that are such mysteries to the stranger in
the hall, and after a turn or two in the
labyrinth the victim is completely lost.
Just as he is about to expostulate and
plead an important engagement down
town, a sudden turn brings the cavalcade
to a door, on which one knocks gently.
As if in response to an answer from the
other side he says, "All right; come in,"
and nshers the victim into the open air in
a totally different portion of the hall
whence he started and directly in front of
a place of business where "Bteam or lager,
5 cents," and "choice wines, liquors and
cigars" are the most conspicuous signs.
The visitor usually takes the joke good
naturedly aud says, "These are on me."
JUST FOR A JOKE
A YOUNG MAN, 28 YEARS OP AGE, DE-
Bires to make ,be acquaintance of a well-edu
cated young laay, with a view to matrimony. Tne
young man has extensive property interests; has
spent the greater part of his time In travel, but
has now concluded to settle down. Address "A.
X.," Berlin Poslollice; discretion guaranteed.
Picture to yourself a bud of a girl just 18 ;
a sweet face — innocent, fair and fresh as
the rose, when out of its batd of aew it
smiles to greet the morning sun ; big,
melting eyes, gray-blue, like midday
skies; hair, captive sunshine, happy to be
prisoner on such beautiful domain (for
poets and sculptors rave over just such
heads), and a cherub mouth that seemed
to breathe a tale of kisses all unkissed. To
all this add a form that completes a poem
and you have a portrait of Blanche
Douglas.
Heiress to fortune and endowed with
rare graces Blanche was nevertheless the
embodiment of unhappiness. An orphan,
kept like a bird in a cage by a watchful
guardian aunt, Blanche knew no friend
save Mrs. Mellan, the nurse; and youth
ful companions she found only in dreams.
Tbe aunt, Mrs. Percy Douglas, fed her
with literature on the homeopathic plan
aud the girl's constant longing for books
worth the reading was never appeased.
Illness on the part of Mrs. Douglas de
termined that lady on a European voy
age. Blanche and the nurse were to ac
company her. The plans were successful,
and a fortnight's travel landed the little
party safely at the most pretentious hotel
in Herruable. Europe, to Blanche, had
meant liberation in a degree from what
bad seemed almost tyrannical restraint;
it had meant pleasurable sights and
scenes, walks on classic ways, and new
and brilliant associations. Disappoint
ment was hers. The health resort proved
dull, and her splendid anticipations came
to naught. The bird from over the sea
was still vainly beating her wings against
the bars of her prison cage.
But Herruable agreed with the aunt,
who rapidly reeained strength, only to in
crease her well-intended watchfulness over
her discontented niece. To come right out
with the plain truth. Mrs. Douglas had
already mortgaged Blanche's future to
the scion of a rich Gotham family— a Mr.
George Burnette. A financial marriage it
was to be. The maiden's love was a con
sideration entirely foreign to the premises.
And so came about that when Blanche I
one morning in the midst of a shower of
tears murmured: "My life is a plague. I
see nothing, and have nothing to read.
There is never a young friend to while
away a moment with. No ray of sunshine
at all. Oh! would that I had never been
born!" the good nurse, Mellie, sought to
comfort her, and, defying one of the
aunt's solemn injunctions, placed in the
girl's hands a newspaper of the day fresh
from Berlin. It was better than a choice
repast to her. She read everything in it
editorials, news, advertisements, and
under this last caption ran upon the
peculiar paragraph which serves as a pre
lude to the story.
"Now, at least I shall find divers ion,"
she said to herself, as her eyes twinkled
and her face brightened up. "Even such
folly as this will be a relief after these
weeks of dismal existence. Mrs. Douglas
would take a fit if she guessed my inten
tion." And Blanche wrote like this:
D:ar Sir: In venturing to reply to your ad
vertisement in this morning's Berlin News I !
wish to remark that while your acquaintance- j
ship will no doubt afford me pleasure, 1 would
be pained to have you become the victim of
disappointment with reference to me. Let me
describe myself: I am of medium height, have
light brown hair and horrible gray-blue eyes.
One more week and my stay here will be at an
end. Berlin is the next city on the list, and If
you would see me there kindly write to the
address of B. £> Herruable P. O.
The answer was three days in coming.
The firm, elegant handwriting was char
acteristic of good education and breeding.
The girl forgot about the humor that was
in her thoughts when she penned the silly,
answer.
The letter ran :
Mademoiselle: Among many answers re
ceived yours is the only one to which I shall
reply. For permission so graciously accorded I
me to call upon you while you are visitine
Berlin I thank you. Strance it may seem that
1 should have advertised in a public print but
destiny, I think impelled me to that action
After perusing your letter I seem to have
known you for years. Assuring you of mv
true and honest feelings in your regard, I am
yours, B A m «
Blanche for th* first time began to real
ize that she had. dived into deep water
writing to a man she had never seen and
whom she knew only through a single let
ter and by his initials, and more than
that almost promising to marry him.
Well, she would meet him just once, any
how—only that and nothing more. -V
"Blanche!" the aunt called to her "You
may prepare for the journey to Berlin
We start in the morning early. Mellan
will help you Our address there will be
.Hotel Savoy.
_ The nurse's assistance was not required.
The traps were packed in surprisingly
short time, and a hasty message to Bel
m n en a ti Vlßed "* *'' °' the ™ «™£
Blanche had become positively giddy
The very first thing she did at Hotel Sal
yay was to speed a note to the hero of her
joke informing him that he might find her
in the reading-room of the caravansary
at a certain hour of the following a ft er .
"I shall wear a red pink," wrote the ro
mantic maiden. "A red pink yoU| too,
BY fIDELE FIMS
nust wear. The flower will be our sign of
recognition."
The day of meeting came— a warm, mid
summer "day. In the reading-room the
girl selected a cozy nook near one of the
.rreat big windows, darkened by heavy
green portieres, took possession of a large
armchair and opened a book. She sat
there, not reading, but dreaming. Her
eyelids drooped. She fell asleep. Shedid
not see the large door open and the entry
of a tall man. She did not feel the earnest
gaze turned upon the charming picture
made by her slumbering self in the win
dow nook. She wore a red pink. The
man wore none, and he inwardly de
plored his forgetfulness.
In truth, Blanche's white suisse gown,
richly trimmed with soft lace, outlined
her girlish form well on tbe daric back
ground. One of her small white hands
hungdown by her side; the other rested
on her lap where lay the book.
Something startled the young man.
The book lay at his feet. Two big gray
blue eyes interrogated him. Picking up
the book, he stammerea an excuse for
having disturbed the fair dreamer.
"You have not disturbed me," said the
maiden. In this way a conversation often
begins. It began thus Detween Blanche
and the stranger. The young man was
attractive in appearance ana captivating
in manners, and the girl silently regretted
the absence of a sign of a red pink. The
room was very warm, and ere long she
was beine shown the beauties of the gar
den by the gallant gentleman.
Near a bed of pinks, under a wild chest
nut tree, on a rustic bench, Blanche seated
herself, and the young man now began to
draw in the sand of the walk some letters.
"A. K." and then "B. D." appeared. Th»
maiden saw the letters, and then did a
most unaccountable thing — gave a cry,
sprang up, and after a moment, vanished
into the hotel.
Astonishment was written for a moment
on the young man's face. Then he laughed
and sauntered away.
Flushed and excited Blanche rushed into
the presence of Mellan, the nurse. The
secret she could no longer contain. She
confided all to Mellie. The latter in turn,
studying her duty, whispered the alarm
ing tale to the aunt.
'•Thank heaven!" ejaculated Mrs. Doug
las, "the information conies in time. We
may save her yet. Is she determined to
disgrace us? If this story gets about it
will ruin her prospects forever. Burnette
would scorn the thought of marrying a
madcap, it has been my one aim for
years to keep that girl from folly, and this
is the most miserable plight I could well
imagine. Let her see nobody while we
remain in Berlin unless in your presence,
Mellie, or in mine.''
No sooner had Mrs. Mellan rejoined tha
girl than a bouquet of red pinks was
handed in by a messenger. A card at
tached to the flowers mentioned aa hour
when Alfred Kronis would be pleased to
call.
Mrs. Mellan, as faithful to the Douglas
trust as a Roman sentinel to his duty,
was present at the next meeting of the
hero and heroine of the pinks.
"You have visited New York?" queried
Mrs. Mellan, when the subject was travel.
"Just three years ago, " Kronis an
swered, "the guest of a fellow student,
Burnette."
"I know a George Burnette, who was
educated in Berlin," observed Mrs.
Mellan.
"The self-same man."
"Perhaps you met Mrs. Percy Douglas at
tbe Burnette home?"
"Assuredly, I did."
And the result of this exchange of words
was that Kronis soon found himself in
the presence of Mrs. Dougla3, who ex
pressed delight aud concluded tha inter
view by inviting to tea on the following
evening the Kronis family— father, mother
and son.
Fraught with much enjoyment was that
tea. It was over at last, and Blanche
stood near one of the windows cooling her
face.
"Take a stroll in the garden with Al
fred, my dear," suggested the aunt. "You
will find it far more pleasant out in the
evening air."
But, why follow the couple. They said
foolish things ; she looked up into his eyes;
he pressed her hand; they kissed.
'You should have heard the pretty com
pliments Mrs. Douglas paid you an hour
ago," said Alfred. "She declared you were
the pink of girls; that you never in all
your life gave her a moment's grief, and
that you are as good as you are beautiful.' 1
Once again in the house, Mrs. Douglas
came and whispered something to
Blanche. It was to the effect that Georpe
Burnette had rested his hopes on Blanche's
own decision In accordance with the dio
tates of her heart.
The bird found all the happiness im
aginable simply by flying from one cage
into another. Of course, the newer cag«
was the brighter one, and its surround
ings were more calculated to inspire a
constant happy song.
Said Alfred to Blanche, on the day their
engagement was proclaimed, "What do
you think of advertising, my angel?"
"Glorious, for some purposes; but we'll
never meddle with it any more, ehall we,
dearest ?"
"Yes, yes; but not in the same form, of
course! We'll advertise the marriage
next. And advertising, anyhow, ii
society's most agreeable food."Lost His
Birthday
Tke Lir\e orxEartk
Wkere the Davj
Begins
Mystery of a Jovir
of the World Qo
ing Either
Way
On the 24th of March, 1890, George Fran- j
cis Train, on his flight around the world—
the fastest tour on record — crossed the
180 th meridian of longitude. That is to say,
it was the 24t0 of March, at 9 o'clock in
the morning, when the old remodeled
Cunarder appioached the line of the 180 th
degree. When she had passed over — a
matter of a few seconds— the date became
9 o'clock of the morning of the 25th of
March. Now the 24th of March happens
to be Train's birthday. The fact that by
the coincidence of his ship crossing the
dividing line between the day and
o-morrow, or the day and yester
day, as the case may be, upon the outset
of his great journey, thereby blotting
rom the calendar his own birthday, created
a great impression upon his mind.
Train, among other things, claims tha)
be is going to live indefinitely — several
hundred years at least, and the loss of his
birthday was full of sugeestion to him.
'There goes my birthday," he said. "I
will never have another. I have no use
or birthdays, nor for time, which was
made for slaves. What a strauge life is
mm«." The idea pleased him immensely.
But this story is not about George
Francis Train, but about tbe 180 th de
gree of longitude, which is one of the
most interesting things that travelers
encounter the world over. It lives out
in the Pacific, just west of us some
miles, and the traveler arriving at it
and passing over it would not be con
scious of the fact were it not that the cap
tain, who has been looking at the sun
through his instruments, announces that
it is now Sunday where a moment ago it
was Saturday— the preparations for a
jinks must be chanced into preparations
for a religious service.
It was upon this incident of the cross
ing of the 180 th degree of longitude that
Jules Verne's interesting story, "Around
the World in Eighty Days," was based.
Phileas Fogg, however, traveled eastward
around the world and thereby gained a
day, whereas George Francis Train travel
ing westward lost one — and Train, not
withstanding, made the journey in sixty
five days.
This change of the date in mid-ocean
forms an interesting subject of discussion
in the cabin and smoking-room of every
trans- Pacific ship, and usually the more
discussion it gets the more it puzzles the
mmd — just how it happens. To reach the
climax to which he wrote his story, Mr.
Verne, however, bad to keep his hero
entirely in the dark concerning it.
Probably that fact suggested the name of
the hero — Fogg. It certainly must have
suggested his character, that of a taciturn,
uncompanionable Englishman, who kept
to his cabin. Fogg crossed the dividing
line between the calendar days without
being aware of it, arrived in San Francisco,
crossed the American continent, arrived in
New York and fussed about the metropolis
two days in search of a steamer to carry
him across the Atlantic, arrived in Eng
land and went to London without having
discovered that the day of the week and
the day of the month had changed; that
when he thought it was Sunday, it was
really Saturday ; on the day he reckoned
as Monday, all the rest of the world was
going to church. But that is not this story
either, that was Mr. Verne's story.
Few people have paused to think of the
necessity of a line being drawn on the
earth that shall distinctly mark the divi
sion between the calendar days. To every
body everywhere else the day begins when
the eun rises in the east, and closes when
it goes down. On the east side of this
mystic line in the Pacific it is this morn
ing Sunday. Step across it and this morn
ine is Monday, the same hour of the clock
exactly.
Does a person traveling round the world
actually gain or lose a day? They do, of
course, for a good calendar will not lie.
But why? This is the question that puz
zles the people on shipboard, to whom
only it is really brought home. Tne
writer put it to a professor of the Harvard
University and he was by no means at
ease in explaining it.
Were a man to travel over the earth's
surface from east to west as rapidly as tbe
earth revolveß, starting at high noon, the
sun would remain immediately overhead,
to him, for the twenty-four hours. There
would have been no sunrise or sunset for
him that day. So far as the registry of
the sun was concerned, he would have
been still enjoying the noon hour, while
all other men on the earth were returning
to their afternoon labors, going to their
homes after the labors of the day, going to
the theater in the evening, retiring to bed
and to sleep, rising in the morning and
beginning the next day's labors and again
going to lunch at noon. During the course
of his loiftj noon hour the calendar had
done its work, however. This illustrates
how tbe loss of a day may be best realized,
perhaps.
Let this traveler start at noon on this
same journey and go as slowly as he
w iil 100 years in making the circuit— he
will have by these slow degrees filched
from tbe calendar one full day and no
more. He will have, seen the sun rise and
set not so many times by one as tbe man
who has remained stationary upon the
earth's surface. He is not aware or the
fact, however, but there is a place in his
journey where he is brought to a realiza
tion by a sudden adjustment; the long
score is evened up in an instant, and he is
set right in his date* with tbe people on
tbe other side of the world who have re
mained contentedly at home. When the
traveler was moving from the east to the
west with the same rapidity with which
the earth revolved he was simply negativ
ing its motion, allowing its surface to pass
under his feet, moving as fast in one direc
tion as it moved in another.
When he turns and moves with the
same rate of speed in the opposite direc
tion to which it moves it will take him
just as long to cover the distance back to
his starting point, but his relation to the
sun, which counts off the periods of time,
will be remarkably altered. He Will enter
the shadow of the earth in half the time
that he would if he remained and allowed
the ordinary revolution of the big globe to
carry him out of Bight of the sun. He will
pass through the shadow of the earth in
half the time that he would if he remained
still and will emerge into the sunlight
again with what had been the under side
of the eartii to him when he started. That
is to say, he will have seen a day and a
night (noon to noon) while the earth made
only half its revolution and he was only
half way round.
He will arrive at his starting point at
noon of the second day, according to his
own experience, having passed twice
through the shadow of the carth — night —
while the folks at home had done so but
once. He will have gained a day upon
them and upon the calendar but that the
180 th degree of longitude has been called
in to set him straight. That is the ex
planation of the gaining of a day in travel
ing the world round from west to east — the
way the world itself is going; and it mat
ters not how long the traveler employs in
the journey, he sees the sun rise and set
once often.er than the man who stays at
home, although there is no jolting of the
heavens to announce it.
Is it clear now? Imagine then a train of
cars twenty-four miles long on a circular
track, the iast car being just in front of
the engine — that is. the train making a
circle. The train starts to move at a rate
of speed that will bring the engine back to
the starting point at the same time ne\t
day. A man on the rear end start? to
walk to the engine and a man on the en
gine starts to walk to the rear end.
They walk at a rate of speed that will
bring them to their destination at the
same time tbe train stops. They pass
each other exactly in the middle of tbe
train and at noon the next day the man
from the engine has arrived on the last
platform and the man from the last plat
form mounts the engine, and if they don't
feel too tired they may reach over and
shake hands. They have both, so far as
walking is concerned, traveled exactly the
same distance, but in fact one has traveled
forty miles while the other has not trav
eled at all.
The man who started from the rear end
of the car has been carried the entire dis
tance covered by the train and has walked
the entire length of the train— he has
passed the starting point twice. The man
who started from the engine to walk to
the rear end of the train has remained
stationary with regard to his surround
ings. Walking as busily as he does he
sees through the car windows hour by
hour the same trees and signpost that
marked the point at which he started.
This illustrates the same principle as that
of the travelers going round the world at
the same speed as the world revolves.
One ban lost, the other has gained, jhe
day. Now let the train move 365 or any
number of times round the circle while
the two men are making their journey, the
one from rear to front, the other from
front to rear.
Goffirvs ir\
Colors ar\d Bright
Blossoms
The Funeral J^loVelty
Introduced by a
Local Under
taker
There can be little doubt that the
old ideas of funerals are changing. The
solemn black is not looked upon as being
as necessary to a burial ceremony as it once
was. That this is the case can be shown
by the fact that Undertaker Metzler on
Washington street has produced a novelty
in coffins and rinds a ready sale for them.
In fact the demand is greater than the
supply, for he makes them all himself and
sells them as fast as he makes them.
Only a few weeks ago Metzler hit on the
idea of making a coffin in an unusual way,
to be used for advertising purposes. He
adhered to the usual shape, but instead of
covering it with black cloth, he used a
blue and gray striped material.
The effect of the novelty was striking,
to say the least, but a surprise came to
him in the shape of a customer for it the
day he had it finished. It sold for a good
price to a man who is known for his good
taste in all matters. As soon as the man
s«v it he would take nothing else, even at
a lower price.
It was just what he wanted, because, as
he said, It was not so sad looking as those
in general use. The friends at the funeral
had little to say about the novelty, but
not a word was said in condemnation
of it.
TLe undertaker then made a second
coffin of the same kind, intending to have
it take the place of the one he had sold.
But this sold also the day it was finished.
Since that time several similar coffins
have been made, and &11 have sold as soon
as finished. One in bright blue and white
found a purchaser at once, and the only
difficulty has been to get enough of them
to supply the demand.
For some time there has been a desire
to make these ceremonies less dismal
than formerly. Flowers and brightness
have been demanded instead of darkness
and a general effect of despair. The feel
ing seems to grow out of the teachings of
some of the new ethical societies, which
hold that the dead are only going to a
better and happier life, and there is no
need for friends to feel sad about an
event that must bring joy to the departed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
lr\ a Der\
of Sr\akes
Vicious Rattlers
Surrounded tke
Hurxter
Jnrilling Adventure of
a Sportsman ir\
Mer\docir\o
County
The most thrilling snake story that has
come from Mendocino County in a long
time was the adventure of E. Herzinger
of Ukiah. It befell him about two weeks
ago, and even now a feeling of horror
comes over him every time he thinks
about it.
It seems that Ed was out deer hunting
in the range of mountains about fifteen
miles east of the town. He had camped
all night and got up bright and early in
the hope of finding one of the fleet-footed
creatures to shoot at. But it was disap
pointment after disappointment, and he
kept following his dogs until nearly noon,
at which time he was in one of the wildest
parts of California and in a spot entirely
unknown to himself.
He made up his mind to go back to
camp, but was so tired from the long, hard
trip that he decided to first rest a while.
He lay down in the coolest-looking spot
he could find in that torrid country, and
was on the point of going to sleep when he
had his attention attracted to something
moving on the top of a low cliff, about 500
feet away. He looked closely— it was a
magnificent buck.
Ed could have killed the animal from
where he lay, but he wanted to be sure, so
bidding the dogs be quiet, he crawled up
a small ravine until it was a dead shot.
At the crack of the rifle the buck jumped
into the air and fell to the ground, but in
stead of remaining on top of the cliff it
rolled off to the bottom.
The dead deer dropped into a shallow
bole that was evidently formed by a water
fall in the rainy season, and lay hardly
100 feet from where Ed stood when be
killed it.
It was only the work of an instant for
Ed to jump into the hole alter his game,
but he bad hardly done so when he was
startled by that terrible rattle feared by
all sportsmen. Of course, the deer was
forgotten, while a bullet was put through
a big snake lying on a rock. This was no
sooner done than there was another and
then another, and rattlesnakes were heard
on all sides.
In a few seconds the air was filled with a
sickening odor, and on all sides the ter
rible sounds could be heard. He was in a
serpents' den. Ed shot as many rattlers
as he could see, and was then surprised to
see snakes of several other kinds coming
at him from all sides. They snapped at
him and stuck out their horrid tongues,
and their fiery eyes Hashed with wicked
ness.
Shooting was out of the question, so
grabbing his rifle by the barrel Ed used it
as a club and began to battle for his life.
Several snakes struck his boots, but he
crushed them under foot, at the same time
swinging hi 3 rifle right and left and de
stroying every venemous reptile he
touched.
It seemed to Ed as if the battle would
never end, for as fast as he killed one
snake there was another in its place. It
was only a few seconds, of course, but it
seemed years to him before he began to
feel that he was master or the situation.
He was almost exhausted and bathed in
perspiration, but when he saw the snakes
thinning out it gave him new life to strike
vigorous blows.
There was one big bull snake that had
managed to keep on the outside of the
circle of fighters, who when he saw his
comrades all killed tried to escape. He
was not very harmful, but Ed went alter
him and chased him several feet before
ending his career.
Silence hovered over the bole where the
deer still lay, so Ed jumped in and found
that none of the dead snakes bud fallen
within several feet of it. It was not in
jured in any way, so he got his prise after
all.
It was hard work getting it out of the
hole; but Ed managed it, after which he
went back to see how many snakes he had
killed. He found fifteen altogether, five
of them being rattlers. There may have
been several more, but Ed did not care to
hunt for them.
He was pretty well played out and the
task of getting the deer back to camp took
him until sundown. The canyon that led
down to camp was wild and rugged in the
extreme, with waterfalls every few hun
dred feet. Down he went tumbling over
bowlders and splashing through pools,
the deer getting heavier every step, and
continually being scratched by thorny
underbrush. But Ed didn't mind that,
and when he reached enmp got his reward,
for the deer was as tine venison as any
man ever ate.
SKe Quards
j\\s QraVe
JMotker Latour ir\
Doleful
Home
or\ce a Belle of J^eW
Orleans ar\d NoW
a Hermit ir\ a
Canyon.
She is known to her few neighbors as
"Mother" Latour, despite the fact that she
is a childless widow named Arm stronc.
But, somehow, the name seems to suit
her, and she does not object to it. Poor
woman, she does not object to anything,
and only asks to be left alone with her
dead, to end her days in her tumble-down
shanty in San Joaquin Canyon.
Day and night is of little difference to
her, and she feels that her only duty in
life is to guard the grave near the front
door. There she stands hour after hour,
regardless of weather, speaking to very
few, and possibly thinking of her early
life and the awful days that came to her
before he wooed and brought her to Cali
fornia, long, long ago.
Mother Latour's home is a most dole
ful place. Down between the frowning,
rocky walls of the gulch her shanty stands
and only a few feet from the front door
is the grave, marked by a pile of stone
Birds ar\d
Beasts Tkat Dri r\U
Die QuicUlvj
/\ j^atviral Spring of
poisonous Waters
ir\ Mendocino
Gounty
Mendocino County is noted for the
many strange springs within its borders.
They are of almost limitless variety, and
a number of them are of kinds not to be
found in other parts of the world.' The
greater number of these springs throw off
water that has beneficial medicinal quali
ties, but there is one that has the power
of causing almost instant death to any
creature who drinks it.
This strange spring is on what is known
as the McNab ranch, not far irom Hop
land. It is located in a flat piece of pas
ture land about a mile from a range of
foothills lying to the east.
There is no difficulty to tell this sprfng
when one comes to it. As cattle bad a
habit of taking their last drinks out of it.
a fence was put around it, which of course
compels them to go elsewhere for water.
But the fence cannot keep out everything,
and an a consequence the spring is always
surrounded by the dead bodies of beasts,
birds and insects.
The appearance of the spring is rad
ically different from the dozen of others
in the vicinity. It comes from the ground
into a hole about three feet in diameter.
The soil around it is of clay color, but there
is not a sign of vegetation for at least
twenty-five feet in any direction. Noth
ing will grow in the water. This has been
tried by planting mosses and other plants
tnat grow along streams, but they all
died in a short time. When the water
comes from the ground it is in an effer
vescent condition, but loses this quality
before it has run over the surface a dozen
feet and disappeared in a gravel pit.
On approaching this spring ftpm any
direction an unpleasant smell strikes the
nostrils. This is caused by tbe decom
posing bodies of the numerous dead creat
ures around it. There are birds of all
kinds, rabbits and squirrels and millions
of insects. Occasionally a coyote ii found.
The effect of the water is most rapid.
Birds have been seen to drink it and in
less than ten seconds fell over dead. Rab
bits seem to have time to crawl a lew feet
from the spring before they die. But
none of the dead creatures are ever found
more than fifty feet away.
and a blacK cross. The surroundings are
hard, barren and cheerless. Vegetation is
scarce and the white rocks throw off a
blinding glare in the light of the sun.
From around the corner of the cliff comes
the melancholy rush of the great river
dashing over the boulders on its way to
tbe sea.
But Mother Latour would rather live
here than in any other part of the world —
she must be near his grave. She has
means to live Vherever she pleases, a
comely face and is but little over 50
years of age, but all the gold in tbe world
could not tempt her to leave the lonely
shanty in San Joaquin Canyon for even
one day.
The neighbors will tell you that the
grave is that of her husband who was
murdered in that spot twenty-five years
ago. She buried him herself, and since
that time has never left the place. The
neighbors can also tell you the story of
her life which they got from a stranger
who knew her as a young woman, and
who came out to try to induce her to re
turn to her old home and friends in Lou
isiana.
Mother Latour will never speak of her
early life to the neighbors, although she
knows that they know all about it. She
only wants to think of the dead man un
der the pile of stones and the cross. But
why should she be so devoted to a mem
ory? one might ask. The answer is in the
story the stranger told the neighbors.
Mile. Latour shs was called— the days
when s!;e was the belle of New Orleans,
shortly before the war. The daughter of
a wealthy man who lived in a palace not
far from town, she did not know there
was even fatigue in the world, let alone
hunger and want. But she was soon to
learn. When the war broke out she was
19 and could have had her choice of a
dozen wealthy suitors. She laughingly
refused them all.
When the thunders of war rolled over
the South she began to be deprived of her
magnificent costumes and went into so
: ciety less and less as ftpr father's fortune
I dwindled. Boon siie used to shut herself
j in her room for days at a time, and then
las tilings went from bad to worse the
' house was closed. Her mother and sister !
died of yellow fever, and just before the
war ended her father died, penniless, so
she was left alone in the big house and j
had to sell furniture bit. by bit to get food, j
Two years went by and she was there i
alone, despised by the negroes as "poor i
white trash." Her friends had forgotten!
her and stie did not have clothes to visit
any of them. When she went for her
scanty supplies she tied a dark, heavy
veil over her face. She might have *•
mained in the empty house indefinitely
had not the place been ordered sold under
the hammer for her lathers debts.
When the crowd of rough men piled
into the house she had to leave and stood
on the porch undecided what to do, but
looking over toward the waters of the
Mississippi and wondering whether they
were cold or not.
At this moment a young man whom
she had known in the days gone by but
had not seen for years came up and asked
her what she was going to do. Surprised,
flurried and confused she could not ans
wer, but allowed him to lead her to a car
riage standing in the road. Once inside
be told her he had always taken an in
terest in her and asked her to marry him.
"So you are my mysterious friend," she
answered, "the one who helped me when
I most needed it and is still ready to do
so. Yes, you have been my friend and 1
will devote myself to you as Ion? aa I
live."
His name was Armstrong, and they
were married on that same day. In less
than a week they started for California.
Millerton, fn Fresno County, was the great
gold country at tne time of their arrival,
and thither they went, pitching their
camp some distance up the San Joaquiu
River.
They found a good location, and in a
few years had a nice sum laid by. Arm
strong worked hard and things looked
promising for the young couple. It was
their intention to get enough money to
gether ana return to New Orleans. They
might have realized their dreams had sot
a bullet laid Armstrong dead in front of
his door.
The man who killed him did so by*mis
take, as he confessed afterward when
dying in prison. He thought it was an
old enemy of his for whom he had long
been looking.
After the husband's tragic death the
woman lost all interest in life and at the
same time fortune turned her way. The
mine produced piles of gold and it seems
that some ot her old Louisiana estates be
came very valuable. Agents came out to
get her to sign papers and return to her
old home, but she refused everything,
saying that she will spend the rest of her
life near her husband's grave and that the
world had no more charms for her.
Arizona
Ice Ga^es
May Be Evidence
of tke Qlacial
Period
Underground Palaces
of Solid Ice ir\
a Land of
Heat
Arizona is known chiefly to the world at
large as tbe hotte st place in Uncle Sam's
domain, and here the information of s
great many otherwise intelligent people
ends. But Arizona is not all hot, nor
are the hot spots hot all the time. Ari
zona is a country of extremes and contra*
dictions. For instance, the southwest
corner, near Yuma, approaches to within
100 feet of sea-level, whiie the San Fran
cisco peaks tower 13,000 feet above. In
the south are treeless deserts, but the up
lands of tbe central and northern sections
are covered with magnificent pine forests.
Five hours' ride on the S. F. P. and P.
R. R. takes one from the tropical to the
temperate zone, and apparently into a dif
ferent world.
It was my privilege to make a thorough
exploration of them on August 17, 1896.
These curiosities are situated about ten
miles south of the town of Flagstaff and
not more than sixty miles north of the
geographical center of the Territory, and
may be reached by a delightful drive
through the pine forests, over smooth and
evel roads, or by rail over the Mineral
Belt line, which passes withiu 400 feet of
the entrance.
Our party included W. W. Messenger,
cashier Valley Bank. Phoenix; T. W.
Otis, merchant, Prescott; Rev. I. T. Wbit
temore, pastor Presbyterian church, Flor
ence; Professor E. Grant Randal of the
Phcenix High School; W. H. Gill. Ameri
can steamship Evangelist; Ralph Murphy,
Phoenix, and your correspondent.
We chose the railroad route, and through;
the courtesy of the Arizona Lumber Com
pany ol Flagstaff were taken out and re
turned on one of their logging trains.
it is the last place in the world where
one would look for caves, for there is not
a mountain within a dozen miles, and the
rolling country is densely wooded.
The entrance is from the level plain, aud
is down through an opening apparently
made by the caving-in of the crust which
formerly covered the subterranean cav
erns. This sink or basin is probably
seventy-live feet in diameter and twenty
live deep, and the bottom is rilled with
large, irregular bowlders of black mala
pais or volcanic rock.
Admittance to the caves is gained by
crawling through and under these bowl
ders, the opening being low, narrow,
rough and precipitous. None but small
men and new women may enter, for one
must crawl backward through a passage
just large enough to squeeze one's body
through, and then drop some six leet iv
darkness and faith to the floor of the first
chamber.
Here the air i 3 decidedly cooler, and a
kittle ice is seen in the cracks of the irregu
lar walls. We continue our descent down
a steep declivity and over huge masses of
rock to room number 2, where a resident
of the vicinity is discovered filling his pail
with pure ice for use at home. Here
is considerable ice on tbe floor and in the
crevices, buc not in solid masses. The air
is cold and damp, and we are reminded of
a regular professional icehouse.
The passage to the third and lowest
chamber is even more perilous and diffi
cult than any yet encountered. The exit
I from the room above is through a narrow
crevice in the wall, which inclines out
; ward, and immediately over a perpen
dicular drop of five or six feet, and con
siderable ingenuity andagility is required
both in descending and ascending to avoid
I getting stuck in the jagged opening. But
one is well repaid for his efforts and risk,
for the room below is a veritable ice
palace, although not more than 8 by 12
feet.
The floor is of solid ice and the walls are
wainscoted with sheets of pure ice that
sparkle in the candle light like diamonds
and crystals. It was the first opportunity
I had ever enjoyed of sitting down on a
real live iceberg to cool off and having
spent fifteen summers in Southern Ari
zona, where icebergs are rare, I gladly
embraced this opportunity.
There are passages leading on and down
from this chamber lined with solid ice, but
no one knows how far they go or what
they lead to, for they are not large enough
even to crawl through.
One of our adventurous young men es
sayed to explore the hidden depths below,
but had to be pulled back by the heels, as
he could neither advance nor retreat.
Thfe cause of this strange phenomenon
lam unable to give. Home have supposed
that snow drifts in during the winter,
and, freezing into ice, remains all sum
mer. But the configuration of the pass
ages and chambers is such that it would
be impossible for snow to penetrate more
than a few feet, unless it should be melted.
If melted at the surface, why should tbe
water freeze again in the lower levels?
Unlike other well-regulated openings in
the earth's crust, the cold increases as
greater depth is reached, and ice is ap
parently forming continually in the lower
chambers.
Above the warm summer sun smiles
down through the balmiest of atmospheres
and tbe mercury marks 85 degrees in the
shade. This is tropical Arizona. One hun
dred feet below is the perpetual ice of the
Arctic regions. That is the other ex
treme.
Undoubtedly this subterranean fissure
was made by the seismic disturbance that
cracked the earth's crust in that region
and formed the grand canyons of the two
Colorados eighty miles distant, Canyon
Diablo and Cosnino Canyon, which all
show the same general characteristics.
The ice caves are but a few miles dis
tant, and I am inclined to tbe opinion
that they are but a continuation of Cos
mno Canyon, and that their subterraneau
passages find an outlet in its depths.
Taken all in all these ice caves of Ari
zona are the most wonderful natural phe
nomenon that I have ever seen.
A. P. Walbridgc,
2526
AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHY-PICTURES OF THE SEA
Making pictures of the sea presents
greater difficulties to the amateur pho
tographer than any other branch of the
art science. Not only is it necessary to
get a harmonious arrangement of forms
and light and shade, bur it is also neces
sary to make them express something.
Every object in the picture must suit the
atmospheric conditions. Even though
certain things can be found in nature is
no reason tiiey should be put into a pic
ture. To know what to put in is art.
A little explanation is, perhaps, neces
sary. Certain forms and action at sea are
always associated with certain atmos
pheric conditions, although it is not a
foregone conclusion that they always
friE ROCK-BOUND COAST OF HARIN COUNTY.
This is a good example of a subject that will always make a good picture. Such scenes are very plentiful in this
?tate and are very easy to successfully pnotograph.
xist. The mountain wave, rolling and
tossing, and with clouds of spray blown
from its crest, is always associated with a
wild sky, and, as a matter of fact, they are
nearly always iound the accompaniment
of one another. The smooth sea gener
ally lies beneath a sky that expresses
peace in its quiet expanse. The cloudy
sky and the flashing wave are harmonious,
just as the smooth water and quiet sky.
The intermediate conditions are almost as
closely defined, and any departure from
them will produce an unsatisfactory re
sult.
To say that certain things were a certain
way does not mean that the picture is
good. To be good it must be character
istic of the location and the moods of the
sea. One mij,'ht as well go down to Ari
zona and make a picture of the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado with a mist of fog
hanging over the distant mountains. Such
conditions can be found perhaps once or
twice a year, but to put them into a
picture would not be good art, for they
are not characteristic and would not con
vey a correct impression of the locality to
the observer. The character of Arizona is
expressed in barren rocks and burning
HUMORS OF THE
ROGUES' GALLERY
There is no rogues' gallery now, except
in name, and that a relic of the past when
the pictures of criminals were displayed
on the walls of every courtroom. The
pictures are taten as of old and carefully
preserved, but more carefully guarded
than priceless treasures. No one may see
them without an order from the Chief of
Police, who is a jealous guardian, demand
ing very minutely the reasons for the re
quest and denying it most decidedly un
less the interests of justice demand its be
ing granted.
This, as may be easily understood, is
tempering justice with mercy. Justice
demands a record of each person who has
broken the laws, yet mercy says, "Give
him a chance to do better." If a young
man by some mischance has gone wrong
and, learning a leison, reforms and shows
by his life that his reformation will be
lasting, he may go to the Chief and ask
for his picture, have the number and
name obliterated and literally turn over a
new leaf.
The man who takes the pictures must
have some queer experiences and see some
queer faces. The rogues' gallery has fair
faces and handsome ones; grave, intel
lectual people look at you from the cards
as though wondering why they find them
selves in such company, and more than
one wears a careless smile — trying to pass
it off as a joke.
Borne prisoners struggle. There is one
set of photographs which is a story with
out words. As the man escaped from
prison and is still at large there is no
wrong in describing them or printing the
pictures. The prisoner most positively re
fused to be photographed at all, but the
stalwart police were too much for him and
he was obliged to occupy the chair and
face the camera. Tbe photographer
snapped his button and developed the
negative. The face was there, of course,
but so distorted as to be useless for its
purpose. The prisoner had "made a face"
at the camera. They tried it again, a po
liceman holding him steady. Not only
was the distortion there, but the eyes were
closed.
The policeman held him still for half an
hour, waiting for the eyes to open. Then
a third plate was used. The tired muscles
were relaxing, but the eyes were still shut.
After another half hour the face was nat
ural and was satisfactory except for the
closed window of his soul.
Tired of all this fuss, the Chief ordered
the prisoner to the dark cell to meditate
until he wished to have his picture taken
again. After a time solitude and darkness
did their work, and the fifth picture is
open-eyed and pleasant. There was
method in his madness, as his ingenious
escape proved.
Women often become nervous and hys
terical at sight of the machine, and some
more energetic use naughty words and re
fuse to sit. Logic, however, convinces
1 sunshine, with the distant mountains
j looking as if they were only a few miles
off. Anything else would not be Arizona.
The coast of California is associated with
soft misty distances, and with long, sweep
ing waves from the Pacific rolling
I monotonously among reefs of dark rocks.
Storms are unusual, but when they do
come and the waves roll high the skies are
the grandest to be fouud in the world.
The clouds are wild and broken and move
across the horizon with great rapidity.
1 Contrasts of light and shade are most
violent. These conditions are harmonious,
1 although expressing movement and
I tumult, and will surely make good
I pictures.
Another difficxilty in making pictures of
the sea is the difficulty of linding subjects.
The landscape photographer can go to his
back yard and most likely find something
to "take"; but the marine photographer
has to walk along miles and miles of coast
or go out in an open boat in all sorts of
weather. He has to use his judgment all
the time, so as to know what will go
together and what it is possible to take
with :/is camera.
Another difficulty tbe marine photog
rapher has to contend with is the case of
quick and limited exposure. Everything
must betaken practically instantaneously.
There are ranges of exposure varying
from the quarter of a second to the four
hundredth part of a second, which neces
sitates a good lens and a tine shutter, and
a ! so the nerve and precision of a hunter.
There is no focusing on the ground glass,
but tne distance must be judged by eye
and the composition located by the finder.
At this point nerve is required to work the
shutter at just the right time.
In the case of rapidly moving objects
the fraction of a second one way or an
other in opening it will spoil the result.
If opened too soon the objf-cts will not
them of the futility of resistance, and with
a blessing on all present they face the
music.
The man who has charge of the matter
now refuses to use much force or persua
sion. He is in no hurry, he will wait the
prisoner's convenience, and i;e rather
likes the sport. The knowledge that in
the end the prisoner must give up and the
inability to create any excitement has a
rapid effect.
Sometimes there is an air of having
spruced up lor the occasion, sometimes an
expression of bravado, and often, one is
glad to see, a look of shame.
Tee rogues' gallery would shake one's
belief in physiognomy. There are thou
sands of brutal, criminal faces, as is
natural, but scattered among them
come refined and gentle countenances and
heads seemingly of fine shape. One forger
has the air of a gentleman, with eyes pen
sive and dovelike. All of that class seem
to have faces which would gain them
entrance into church socials.
The fair face of a your.g girl looks out
pure and innocent. She may be a hardened
criminal or a misguided child, whose first
mistake will be her last.
Kind motherly faces are there ana styl
ishly dressed figures. The sweet face and
silvery hair of Mrs. Davidson are there,
and the nude, mutilated body of Minnie
Williams must be very near the smiling
pictured face of Durrant. There are some
whose eyes no patience or logic can open—
the faces of the dead who died rather than
be captured.
About 14,000 of those mute witnesses lie
waiting for a time to come when they
shall be needed, and needed they are
after many days. A man picked a pocket
in San Francisco sixteen years ago, and
now his picture is speeding across the con
tinent to where he lies awaiting identifica
tion in a Massachusetts jail.
When the prison was at the old City
Hall, on Kearny street, the photographer
used to have a little fun with the public.
He kept a few pictures of notorious crimi
nals where they could be seen, and mixed
in the likenesses of prominent citizens
and philanthropists. The comments of
the public were various and impartial
One day for a new picture he put up that
of a clergyman, a saintly man and well
beloved.
Sopn, in came a small crowd, and they
pounced on the pastor. He had the face
of a murderer, one said, while another in
clined to think him a forger; and the
third said: "Anyhow, you can tell he is
a rascal, one of the smooth, easy kind
that is wickedest of all."
And a young teacher who came in was
taken just for fun with her sailor hat tipped
and face slightly twisted. Sue looKed
"tougher" than half the pictures in the
collection. Verily we be very near akin
In Paris the houses are very high and
the streets narrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
be in the field and if too
late they will be badly lo
cated or have passed out of
it on the other side. As
much skill is required as in
handling a gun, and the
same rules will apply when
it comes to gauging dis
tance if you want to "hit"
the subject. It is neces
sary to calculate the speed
of the boat in which the
camera is located as well as
the boat to be photo
graphed. In some cases it
is necessary to aim a little
ahead, the same as when
shooting at a flying
duck.
But San Francisco
is the marine pho
tographers' para
dise, for more sub
jects can be found
near home than in
any large city in the
world. The range
covers the whole
field.
Almost within the
City is the Day, with
its smooih, wide ex
panse and pictur
esque islands lying
on its surface.
Every variety of
craft can be found,
from the majestic
four-masted ship to
the Italian Jaceen
rigjred fishing-boat.
This is a subject to be avoided. It has the same general fault as that of the landscape
shown last week— the fault of emptiness.
And they are so plentiful. The climatt
here also gives a large number of sunn?
days each year, and they are quite necess
ary to some marine subjects, particularly
those with vessels close in the foreground,
Among its numer
ous marvels Stock
ton boasts of a bull
dog which gives
promise of becoming
as famous in its way
as Steve Brodie or
John L. Sullivan.
The Bowery boy
never jumped off
THE CHAMPION
DOG OF STOCKTON
Brooklyn bridge twice in the same day, I
and the bean-eater had all he could do
to score one knock-out per night in his
palmy period; but this Stockton bulldog
has a record ol meeting in deadly battle
and killing successively a California lion,
a wildcat and a coyote.
This would seem to be quite enough work
for one day, but this canine wonder was
s: ill fresh and vigorous after those several
fierce and bloody contests, and it wound
up the gory carnival by slaughtering 100
I big rats in a rat-pit in less time than the
feat was, ever accomplished by any other
cur in existence.
This prize-fighting dog is called Daisy
and her owner is Jim Lutje, who is a
strong patron of the barbarous sport of the
dog-pit. Banjo, another of Lutje's curs,
was not only a rattling good fighter, but
had a predilection for chewing up great
thick planks. Once in a burst of mis
j placed confidence in his luck he ate a tub
I of soft, soap, which cleaned him out of
1 existence.
A BIT OF SAN FRANCISCO VATER FRONT.
An upright example of a good shipping subject, and a scene that is
quite characteristic of thia city, and not difficult to secure from the
ferry-boats.
AN AFTERNOON ON THE BAT.
The first thing for the amateur who
would make pictures of the sea to learn is
what not to take. This is shown in the
illustration, "Afternoon on the Bay."
Thousands of pictures of this .kind are
But Lutje's favorite dog is Daisy. The
I two are inseparable companions, and Jim
I would go hungry himself rather than
deny that dog a meal. There is never any
I fluke when Daisy fights. When she fights
j to a fini«h nobody yells "faKe" when she
I concludes her job.
"Her three big battles in succession,"
says S. L. Robbins, "took place in a
strongly barred cage covered with heavy
wire-netting. The lion bad been cap-
I tured some weeks before in the mountains
in Calaveras County, as were also the
coyote and wildcat. At first Latje de
murred at the idea of allowing his dog to
tackle the lion, but, after an argument, in
which the silver question played an im
portant part, he consented. When time
was called Daisy was placed in the cage
with the panther, and both stood eying
each other for a few seconds. Then, with
a growl like the distant rumbling of
thunder, tbe panther made a spring, but
Daisy was sharp and quick, and re
ceived only a passing blow on the head.
made every year, generally
from the ferry-boats. As
was mentioned in regard to
landscape composition, the
fault is "emptiness." This
is the result of being too
far from the subject. But
then it is a bad subject to
begin with. Had the cam
era been nearer, the boats
in the distance would have
looked to be out of the
world, while the nearer one
would have filled the plate.
It is a difficult matter to
take such subjects, and
where they are don* it is a
Negative by Edgar Pickard of Boston, Mass. An exceptionally good marine picture. It is very difficult to take, bu
the result it sufficient to compensate for many failures.
good idea to see that
the distant boats are
behind the ones in
the foreground.
Such a subject to be
really good would
have to be taken
with the nearer boat
not more than 200
feet from the cam
era and the other
boats about 100 feet
farther away. This
would prevent too
great an angle, and
at the same time
give a stronger ef
fect of light and
shade.
The shipping sub
ject, "Along the
Water Front," is
much better and is
ilso easier to make. Such subjects are
slentiful about San Francisco and easy to
C« at. Anywhere along the City front
lozens of the same kind can be found and
hey change almost every day. Go out to
when, rolling on her
back, she seized the
panther by tbe
throat, cutting it
open with her teeth
as clean as a knife
would have done. Af
ter strucgling and
biting for a few sec
onds the panther, by
an extraordinary effort .released himself
from her crasp and ran to his corner, but
Daisy, with the blood of the panther cover
ing her jaws, was after him. Another spring
on the panther's part,another grip by Daisy
ou the fore part of the stomach of the
panther, and, literally by the force of the
spring and the strong, sharp teeth of
Daisy, the mighty beast of the forest was
disemboweled and lay weltering in his
blood. The spectators sickened at the
sight, and most of them turned away from
the scene. Two hours thereafter the wild
cat was brought in and placed in the cage.
Daisy could not bring the cat out of its
corner, and, making one spring, she seized
the cowardly feline by the throat, but in
the struggle received a blow which came
near taking an eye out. The dog, becom
ing crazed by the pain and getting a firm
hold on tbe throat of the cat, killed it in
four minutes.
"Daisy was allowed to rest for a couple
of hours, when she was pitted against the
coyote. This was a short affair."
the end of any of the wharves and there
will surely be a subject within view.
These will not require a very fast shutter,
which will give a wide range of time to
meet the requirements of the different at
mospheric conditions. If the day is calm
and bright a twenty-fifth of a second with
a small stop wil give good results. On a,
cloudy day half a second with a large stop
will be sure to produce a pleasing picture.
"The Rock-bound Coast of Marin
County" is a subject that calls for all the
taste and skill of the photographer. The
groaning of the rocks must be so that the
most prominent reef is not too far from
the foreground. It will require con siUerable
skill to get a group of rocks that will corn-
FISHINQ-BOATS AND GULLS ON THE ATLANTIC.
pose well. But having done this the next
thing to do is to calculate the time. This
will have to be very fast under any cir-
cumstances; not less than the seventy
fifth of a second. Having decided on the
subject, get everythin ; ready to work the
shutter and then watch the waves as they
roll in. See that there is plenty of con
trast between the darx rocks and the
wl ite foam on the breakers and that the
sky is not too smooth. With these condi
tions a picture will surely be produced.
"Seagulls and Fishing-boats" is, from I
an artistic standpoint, one of the finest
pieces of marine photography ever pro
duced. It has all the requirements of a
fine picture and is a most graphic piece of
work. It is full of life and action. The
boats are pitching and rolling in a lively
breeze and tbe birds are flying past at a
rapid rate of speed. This negative was
made by Edgar Pickard of Boston, Massa
chusetts. It really is two negatives
printed on the same piece of paper, a
most difficult thing to do and what might
be called tricky by some, but none can
assert that the end does not justify the
means.
Although this picture was made in the
THEY FENCE IN
THE WHOLE EARTH
"There is no more fun for the sportsman
in California," was the pessimistic remark
of a knight of the gun the other day to a
crowd of sympathizers. "The land, the
marshes, the brooks, even, where the trout
loves to gambol, all have been appropri
ated by individuals or incorporated coun
try clubs, and nothing is left for
the solitary sportsman whose keenest
enjoyment comes with the advent of the
open season. It is not every one who loves
a hunt that is able to afford the luxury of
a long journey ana an expensive outfit,
such as the sportsman of to-day must have
in order to enjoy unmolested his passion
for the chase. There are, to be sure, the
mountainous regions of the State and
plenty of game, but these are inac
cessible in the winter; or one can
go to Trinity County and other spots
equally retired, but such a journev in
volves time and money, nnd there are but
few persons who can afford it; but around
San Francisco ; say within a radius of
a hundred miles, it is the invariable rule
to find posted in a conspicuous locality
wherever game is likely to abound a
warning to all trespassers, and hunters in
particular, to abstain under penalty of the
law."
A silent protest is all the time eoing out
from every sportsman who has not the
entree to ono of the country clubs at the
appropriation by a few individuals of
almost all the hunting and fishing
grounds witnin a reasonable distance
of this City, and it Is said that a
stronp combination will be present at the
next session or the Btate Legislature to
secure the passage of laws directed against
the leasing ol large bodies of land for the
few and curtailing and defining the nrh-i
leges of those wealthy clubs which control
these lar^e tracts. m
The Country Club, which has leased ab
soluiely or secured shooting and fishing
privileges over an immense tract on tne
western slopes of Mount Tamalpais, is an
instance which sportsmen, whose privi
leges have been curtailed by its means
regard us one of the greatest of the
offenders. The club is really an offshoot
of the Pacific-Union of this City and ita
privileges come high. Only the mem
bers or a favored guest and then under
restrictions are allowed to enjoy the great
privileges of the club. One must be a mil
hanaire lo become a member.
The number of the members is limited
and as few die and none ever resign the
chance of joining it is very small though
the list of applicants is always large.
The latest of these corporations founded
upon the general plan of the Country
Club is the Miramonte, which has been in
existence a little over a year. It is located
on the great Burdell Tract on Petaluma
Creek, about half a dozen miles below
that flourishing city. .The club has leased
ana fenced in 10,000 acres of mountain land
embracing all th»t tract extending west'-
eastern part of the country, there is no
reason why one similar could not be pro
duced here. There is nothing lacking.
To make negatives of such subjects the
camera must be stationary or the per
spective will not be right. It is best to set
the tripod on land, or a wharf, and focus
it on tbe fishing-boats. To take the sea
gulls a very short exposure is neoessarv
Not more than the three-hundredth of a
second, which of course would not be
enough fpr the boats.
The M?t way to do is to take the boats
by giving them the thirtieth of a second
and then, without moving the camera, put
in another plate and take the birds with
the fast speed.
The usual method of "masking out"
and double printing must then be followed
and the result will be satisfactory.
The fishing boats about San Francisco
are, if anything, much more picturesque
than tho?e in the accompanying drawing.
They are, in fact, the m st tempting sub
jects a photographer could desire, for they
are all of different sizes and unlike in every
way except general appearance.
It will be seen by a comparison of this
article with the one on "Landscape Com
position" that the same rules govern both.
The only difference is the requirements of
the two varieties of subjects. The idea
is to fill your space. Let the light balance
the dark and get picturesque forms that
fit well together, and the result wiil oe a
picture, no matter whether it be a repro
duction of Janl or sea.
The life on the bay of San Francisco is
also varied and interesting and worthy
the best efforts of the camera student.
The sun-bronzed schooner captains and
the hardy old longshoremen are most in
teresting characters. Then there are the
Portuguese and Italian fishermen in their
easy and picturesque garments, to say
nothing of the graceful nets about their
Boats and wharves. Will Spares.
I ward to Point Reyes and northward
to the Sonoma County line. All this
tract has been fenced in and stocked
with deer, quail, pheasants and wild
turkeys, which are rapidly increasing in
numbers, and in time will afford the
rarest sport. The land is especially adapted
for all kinds of game and has been left in
its natural state so far as possible. Those
enemies of the game family, the native
foxes, are very numerous and destructive,
but the efforts of the club will eventually
exterminate these and like pests.
Besides the forest lands the clnb con
trols over 1300 acres of marsh, which, in
the duck season, swarms with game
fowl of every description and affords
entrancing sport. The open season for
game soo.n begins and the Mira
monte will be in its glory. The
club is a close corporation and consists of
only a dozen members, seven of whom
adorn ttie official list while the remaining
five are necessarily private.
The house of the Miramonte Clnb, de
signed by Architect Sam Newsom, is on a
mound which rises in the expanse of
marsh overlooking the whole tract and
affording a magnificent view of San
Pablo Bay. It is built in the Span
ish style and is liberal in its dimensions,
being 136 feet long and 58 feet wide, with
wings. Under this roof are reception
rooms, kitchens, bath and billiard rooms,
dormitories and armories and storerooms
for the usual paraphernalia for hunting
and fishing. The main hall is the place of
\. eneral rendezvous, and sitting before the
great fireplace on a frosty night
enjoying the rest that comes after a day's
sport is the very acme of comfort and en
joyment. Here the great prevaricators of
the club flourish in undisputed superior
ity, and here originate those fish stories
which astonish two continents by their
superlative mendacity.
The club has several steam launches,
one of which periodically journeys to San
Francisco and returns crowded with th«
lady friends and relations of the members,
duly chaperoned, and who often spend s
day or two there with the utmost enjoy
ment. The winter coming promises to b«
a notable one for the club. The comple
tion of the new clubhouse is to be cele
brated iD a social way by an event that
will bring together all friends of the club
at no distant day and be an occasion long
to be remembered. W. R. Whittier is
president of the Miramonte; N. N. Wilson,
vice-president; J. B. Burdell, secretary
and treasurer; and L. S. Adams Jr., H. P.
Houghton and M. S. Latham constitute
the board of directors, and with F. Follis,
James Follis, Downey Harrison, W. Hill,
W. H. Fairbanks and A. H. Whitney
make up the exclusive twelve whose
purpose is a perpetual control of 11,300
acres of California land, the discourage
ment of transfer and improvement and its
relapse to a state of nature.IN CHILD HOOD'S REALM
Oh, dear!. Tho«e misspelled words made
perfect little morning glories of my boys
and girls, didn't they? All right, I'm glad
now you'll be more careful, wont you?
Don't be afraid ! Of course I didn't mean
to publish your names, oh, no! Only the
common, every-day words which every
ooy and girl of 10 years should know how
to spell correctly; and yet when ycu write
to me you are iv such a hurry to see some
thing of yours in print that you don't
stop to think at all. Now, suppose some
of these days I should publish a letter
from you with some simple word in
correctly spelled, wouldn't you feel
ashamed? But there, we've had our little
lesson, so after thia we shall be more
careful.
Ihis week I wish each one of you to
send in a sentence containing the hidden
name of a statesman. Aud right here, a
word to those who contribute puzzles:
Always send the proper solution to the
editor also, tso Lucy Moeller, if this week
you will rewrite your puzzles aud send
me the answers 1 sbail be glad to publish
your contributions in the nexi "Child
hood's Realm."
No, Johnny Cullen, you are wrong.
Donald does not live on Douglass street,
and he does not fight with everybody.
Donald's mamma read your letter to him,
and be said: "You just tell that boy that
I don't like to tight a bit, but sometimes a
feller just has to get in when it's a real
bad fuss like a big fellow jumpin' on a
little kid! 1 '
WooA /^amiUn£j.
tome, little ones, and let us slowly wander
Through the greeu woods where quiet shad
ows lall,
Where the warm sunlight silts in golden
patches
From nigh above and through the branches
tall.
Here a cold stream runs swift through moss
and bracken,
Dark as the stones that form its narrow way,
Save where the sunlight falls in shafts of
yellow-
To light the fishes at the:r darting play.
There a gray squirrel chatters to its fellow.
Beyond the ierns that bend in pale greea
sheaves
A baby rabbit peers aDions the bramble
Of running vines and drills of wind-swept
leaves.
Now shadows deepen, and the way grows
wilder:
All sounds seem faraway— the birds are still;
Till branches par; and sunshine soft aud
mellow
Makes bright a hollow 'neath the wooded
hill.
Here in the silence, safe from rough winds
blowing,
A tiny lake lies smooth and sweetly cool;
A single Illy blooms in white perfection
And casts its shadow on the quiet pool.
A wandering bee comes buxzing o'er the
water,
A lazy turtle climbs upon a stone.
A tired bird has perched above the shallow
To rest a moment from the distance flown.
Soon will dim shadows fall, the day departing.
The blue sky darken and the stars appear.
The pale moon rise to light the shining water.
And down the elopes will come tne thirsty
deer.
W'ALDROK W. AyDERPOK.
THE
DISCONGENGEID
KING
A TALE OF THE SAKDMAN.
By Rebecca d. QradWoKl
Once upon a time there was a King who
for many years had ruled over a very
pretty country. His reign had been a
peaceful one; there had been no famine,
no wars, no trouble of any kind; in fact
all nad gone so well that his rule bad be
come monotonous. He longed for some
change. One day he sat thinking if there
could not be something wrong some
where, and, like all people who persist in
looking for trouble, he concluded he bad
found it, Io great haste he sent for his
Prime Minister.
"Sir, 1 ' aaid the King, as the Minister
bowed before him, "bow lower still."
The man did so. The King, still dis
satisfied, said:
"Get on your knees."
The man with some difficulty — for he
was large and stout — got on his knees.
"That," said the King, "is why I sent
for you. The people of my kingdom do
not show me sufficient honor. I wish
them to fall upon their knees whenever
they see me."
"Very well," replied the Prime Minister,
"the people shall be informed of your
Majesty's wish."
So the King's edict w»nt forth. But it
was not received with the satisfaction that
had heretofore greeted his decrees. The
men would not have objected, though it
was rather hard for those who were old
or feeble; but the women positively re
fused. "It will spoil our clothes,"
they said, "and our husbands', and all
our time will have to be spent in brush
ing and cleaning." Therefore they de
cided that the King's mandate was un- |
just. They would not submit to it, and
by constant talking they influenced toe
men so that they, too. rebelled.
Great was the King's wrath when he
found his command disobeyed, A^ain be
summoned the Prime Minister and de
manded the reason oi this sudden rebel
lion.
"Your Majesty," answered the man, as he
e<lowly fell upon his knees, "the trouble is
with the women. They object to brushing
clothes day and night, aud the men fear
their wives."
"What!" said the King, angrily, "the
men fear their wives more than they do
their King! As for the women, they had
better be brushing clothes than ead
ding about and gossiping. We shall
see! We shall see! Send for the chief
wizard."
The chief wizard came.
"Man," said the King, "my people have
<li«oheved me. Visit upon them such a j
-^j^/V^r^^ «^
punishment a? was never before heard of
Take ten minutes to think."
The wizard remained upon his knees
with his head between his hand". At
the appointed time he looked up and
said:
"I have thought of a punishment, your
Majesty, but though I can invoke it 1 can
not remove it."
"Xo matter," replied the King; "what
is it?' :
"It is the plague of sleeplessness. No
one in the kingdom, except your Majesty
and myself, shall be allowed to sleep here
after."
"Good!" exclaimed the Kinsr, forget
ting in bis eagerness the Queen and the
Prime Minister, who had not disobeyed
him. "It is their juit desert.'
That night at 12 o'clock everybody
awoke from a sound slumber; babies
cried, older children lijgcted and grown
people tossed restlessly upon their beds.
So they continued all night. The next
day everybody was cros3 and tired. They
a!! said :
"To-night we shall go to bed at sun
down."
It was still day when they retired, but
again no one could sleep. The babies were
closed with catnip tea and soothine
syrups, but stili they cried. The older
children said their A, B, C's Daekward
and forward, and couuted up to thou
sands, and yet they were wakeful. The
grown people got up, walked about, took
hot drinks and resorted to all known
methods of inducing slumber; but ail to
no purpose. At dawn they arose, but the
men were so tired they were uuable to po
to their work. They sat around and
gafed. The women scolded and tried to
soothe taeir crying children.
Tnree days pas.-cd like thia. Then it
began to dawn upou the minds of the peo
ple that the King had something to do
with their sleeplessness; that in his anger
he had visited upon them this punish
ment. They reso ved to go jn a body to
the castle.
(To be contiwitf-'l next Sunday.)
HOW BILLY
BROUGHT
THE NEWS.
[William Keenan, about -whom the following
true story is tola, has or a creat many years been
a resident of Uvermore, AJameda County, CaLj
One day a long time ago, before San
Francisco was so large or so fine a City as
it is to-day and before California had be
come a State, little Billy Keenan and his
sister Mary were walKing up and down
one of the sandy beaches which are kissed
by the waters of our beautiful bay.
High on the beach far out of the reach
of the breakers lay the little boy's boat, at
which he every now and then looked lov
ingly, for it was his pride and his joy. A
bold sailor was he, this young lad, and the
happiest hours of his days were tnose
spent by him either rowing or fishing in
his boat
The dangers of the bay were not so well
known then as now, and often it was very
rough, out little cared he if sometimes his
boat did tip over, for he was a good swim
mer, and an easy matter it was for him to
right it again.
Only tne fear of his worryine his dear
father and mother kept him from explor
ing the harbor in its every part.
But to return to our story. Suddenly
the children stopped in their walk, ex
claiming, as if with one breath. "Oh,
there she comes — we saw her first!" as in
throneh the Golden Gate a large steamer
slowly made her way.
"Hip, hip, hurrah!" cried the children
as they clapped their hands and danced
for joy.
Oh, how Billy longed to jump into his
boat and go out to meet the vessel that
was bringing to the far Wesi such impor
tant news from the great world beyond !
"They Were Greeted With Shouts and Cheers From the Crowd."
j Bnt he knew his father would be dis
| pleased if he should go so far alone.
In a few moments afterward bis wish
was granted, and in a way which brought
; to him a life-long pleasure.
Behind the little boy and girl came two
| men, running with all their might, just as
I a great gun boomed out irom the ap
proaching vessel.
On reaching the beach the men gianced
hurriedly up and down, and then looked
hopelessly at each other.
Suddenly they spied the children stand
ing beside the tiny skiff. At once a
gleam of joy lightened their faces, for
Billy and his sister were well known to
these men, who were the editors of oue of
the first great San Francisco dailies.
You know there were not many little
boys and girls In California in the days of
'49 and '50, and the few who did live here
were known far and wide, and were much
petted, especially by the miners and sail
ors.
"Say, Biliy," cried one of the men com- ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
ing toward them, "do you think you could
row us out to the steamer in yonr little
boat? You know we hope she has brought
the glad news that California has been
made a State."
"Yes, ye.«, of course I can." answered
the boy before the words had fairly left
Mr. Editor's mouth.
"Then come quick before the other
newspaper fellows get down. Oh, do
hurry, Billy."
The boy, as eager as they, soon pushed
the boat into the water and in another
moment they were off, the boat crowded
to its utmost. The men sat with legs Tery
much doubled up and looked as if any
moment they might lose their balance and
tumble into the water, while the boy, with
flashing eye and heaving breast, managed
his oars with the skill of a man.
A hero he was, indeed, in the eyes of his
sister, who stood on the sand watching
him fondly ana waving her handkerchief
to Rive him good cheer as the little boat
rocked and dipped over the waves. At
last the steamer was reached. After a few
hurried words of explanation the impor
tant papers which conveyed the longed-for
tidings were thrown into the arms of the
nappy men in Billy's little boat.
Then for shore again! Hard as the
brave young boy worked he couldn't make
his boat speed fast enough to satisfy the
impatient editors, but not once would be
allow nis oars to be handled by other than
himself.
When they reached the shore they were
greete-1 wi,th shouts and cheers from the
crowds, which by this time had gathered
to watch the steamer. Throwing a hand
ful of gold at the feet of th 6 boy who had
shown sue i pluck and nerve and telling
him to come to their office the next day
and ask for anything within their power
to bestow off they rushed like the wind.
Billy, spurning the idea of receiving any
reward other than the satisfaction whicn
success in his undertaking had brought,!
"Behind the Boy and Girl Came Two Men, Running With All Their Might"
threw himself exhausted but prond and
happy at the feet of his sister; then, I as
sure you, he was praised and petted to his
heart's content.
Now, Jet's hurry after those editors.
Weil, they got. out an extra edition of
their paper, which heralded the welcome
news all over the city long before the sun
went down, and best of ail to them they
got ahead of the other fellows.
-' After this when you think of the 9th of
September as the birthday of the most
glorious State in the Union, and of the
pleasant way in which you celebrated it
this year, think also of little Billy Kee
nan, who first brought the news to shore
in his tiny boat just forty-six years ago. i
•• — — «
"There, Willie," said the lad's mother,
"is 10 cents for you. Now, what are you
going to do with it?"
, "Save it up to buy fireworks for the
Fourth of Jnly," replied the boy in a tone
whose positivfiness was almost defiant.
"Why, Willie, you know you are saving
up your money to give to tha heathen."
•'Y-yes'm, but the Chinese are heathen,
aren't they •."
"Ye», dear."
"And the Chinese make the firecrackers,
don't they? ri
•*I am told they do."
"Well, then, the heathen'U get my
money just the same, so it's all right."
A small boy was capering around the
room the other day when his mother
remarked:
"Why, Arthur, yon are certainly beside
yourself this morning."
Arthur paused, thought a moment, and
replied:
"Why, mother, I thought I was beside
ycu."
Teacher (unable to conceal her anger
and disgust)— Tommy Winks, you spell
horribry !"
Tommy- "H-o-r-r-i-b-J-r."
A DIALOGUE
WITH DICK.
By Alice Qale Woodb\ir\j.
Dick is just 16. I am ten years his
senior and bis uncle. I am afraid Ido
not look my age, for I have noticed that
Dick does not seem to treat me with any
particular reverence. However, we art
great friends.
Dick has arrived at the cigarette stage. I
suspect he has been experimenting for six
months or more; yet he has never men- j
tioned the fact, and we have just found it
out. When I a;ked him why he hadn't
told of his new accomplishment, he re
plied that he bad observed the odor was
more or less penetrating, and he left the
rest to our imagination. Then he pulled
out a pretty cigarette-case and offered me
its contents. <
"Thanks; not any," I said as politely as
possible, adding: "I have no ambition to
make life more luxurious than it now is
for the family undertaker or the City Coro
ner." .V
"Oh, stuff!" exclaimed Dic£.
"Exactly," replied. "Miserable stuff,
at that!" r ■
"I mean It's all poppycock !"
"•Poppycock 1 " isn't in the dictionary,"
I replied, "but if it means poison, why, I
agrae."
"You know what I mean," rejoined my
nephew; "I mean : you're -talking non
"een'se—rand — just because it's the fad
to preach to boys against cigarette
smoking. I don't know why; I suppose
'because parents don't like to have their
sons begin, and because mothers dislike to
have, their curtains - perfumed with
smoke."
"Take out your watch,, Dick." said I.
"Open the inner case and blow your
smoke upon the works."
"Not much!" objectea Dick. : "I'm no
idiot. Do you think I want to ruin my
watch?"
"So you think that proceeding would
ruin your watch, do you? Well, it would
do tar less harm to the works or your
watch than the same process would to the
works of your body— that I mean the
tissues, and especially the lungs. It will
nse up your iunes, to say nothing of your
hie. If you really wish to accomplish
this end I should advise you to start in on
another poison. The result will be the
| same, with possibly less suffering."
"Look here," exclaimed Dick, "let's
talk straight truth. You know f could j
smoke cigarettes until doomsday and not !
even become an invalid if I took care of '
my health in other ways— now don't j
you?"
"No, I couldn't be sure of it at all. In
fact, in your particular case everything is
against your theory. There may be some
fellows who have lungs like a blacksmith's
beilows and constitutions like the
Sphinx's, who could stand it and not
succumb. But you can't; neither ctn nine
out of ten of the young fellows *ho go
around with their fancy cases of the
poi-onous little paper rolls."
"Wny not? ' asked Dick.
"Because you won't smoke without in
baiinir. So you draw the poison directly
into the lungs and it is conveyed to the
blood. You can't take poison into the
blood and not feel it in time, any more
than you can put a drop of ins in a bowl
of clear water and keep the water from be
coming tinged."
"Yes," said Dick, "but the pure water
soon purifies the drop of ink, and it disap*
pears and is seen no more."
"Very true," said I, "but pat ia another
and another, until you have dropped in a
whole bottle, and then see what you've
got."
"You must have had the dickens of a
time with cigarettes, " observed my
nephew. "What did they do to you? "
" 'This is what tneydid,' 1 replied. 'For
six months— nothing. Then I learned to
inhale. Then I began to wonder why I
didn't feel strong and jolly any more.
Why, I hated to get up in the morning,
and never wanted to retire at night.'
Sometimes I used to have dizgy turns and
come near falling in a crowded street. I
couid only drag myself upstairs with an
effort. Every one called it malaria, and I
supposed it was. The doctor found my
pulse up to 110, and sometimes my heart
would be tnumping away like a. lightning
tyj* writer.'
" Oh, but you were smoking too much—
you were overdoing it,' remonstrated
Dick.
"Of course; but thjfs the worst of it.
Somehow they always overdo it. You
haven't reached that point, but when you
do you'll be unable to stop or blowup,
unless you are placed under treat
ment"
"Oh, I guess not! I ' laughed Dick, with
an incredulous abrug of his shoulders.
"Your height is just five feet four and a
haJf now," I continued. "Your ancestors
were stalwart men and stately women.
You have every title to a stature of six
feet, yet I doubt if you ever grow another
inch."
"I don't see why," said Dick, in a
startled tone.
"Because as smoke inhaled stops all
growth of tissue, your growth will be
checked."
"Whew!" whistled Dick.
"8o there, my dear boy, if you want to
be a puny, saff on-colored young dyspep
tic." said I, "keep on, and in just about
three years — five at the most you will
reach that goal of unmanly perfection."
"But it's awfully bard to break off.
You know that yourself."
"Indeed I do," I replied. "No one
knows It any better. If it's hard at 16 it
will be much harder at 26."
"But bow shall I do it?" said Dick,
stealthily dropping his cigarette and
grinning it under his heel.
"Fling- your cigarettes away— case and
YOUNGE
PETER BROWNES
•/ibcut-Pemr f3^>
Ic**ge Peter Brcume *„„ kin* U T^e,
• And vtrjuA for it a. penvie .
Will it U Uy -ula.t fkajtA \jj S xtant*. -
So Icught A JUek 'cfunty .en't.
M^ha} jeit U ly<U is yenitr Xklfe t
AnJ there tt at frill my/elje/
For if lUh it hovtt
I "will only . make 4-fufs you. kna-ute.
Far aY the jQoies l&e cajiiy /6. "
all," said I, "and then have a hand-to
hand tight with yourself every time the
appetite comes on. Keep up the pood
fight. Don't give in. When yon get yonr
growth — your full manly strength and ten
years more of life — If you want to smoke,
must smoke, go and buy a pipe and some
good tobacco. It's the least harmful
phase of the evil. But if you take your
uncle's advice you'll never begin again."
"You talk as if you were a Methuse
lah," laughed Dick. "But anyhow, I'd
rather take a young man's advice on sraok
inc. Somehow it goes against the grain
to have an older man preach, who has
been through the mill, and had all the
fun."
Then we mounted our wheels and went
for a spin.— Golden Days.
1\ lk c JKoUrYvjr t^rec.
There's a little boy lives in the mulberry tree —
In the very tip-top, tip-top;
And his mother is holding her apron, for he
May drop when the mulberries drop —
Drop — drop —
From the very tip-top!
Drop when the mulberries dropl
Why does he live in the top o' the tree?
That's what the boys want to know —
Such a dear little, queer little fellow is he,
Way up where the mulberries grow!
Drop — drop —
From the very tip-top!
Ob, won't he come down when the mulber
ries drop!
Once he was home with his mother and all,
As good as the boys ever be.
But he couldn't Just wait for the berries to
fall,
So the wind blew him into the tree!
Drop — drop—
From the very tip-top!
Oh, won't he come down when .the mulber
ries drop!
And the Dlrds built a nest and they laid him
away.
And that's why he stays in the tree;
And nis mother is holding her apron all day,
Aud a very sad motner is she!
Drop — drop— •
From the very tip-top!
On. won't he come down when the mulber
ries drop! Frank L. Stakton.
Jl lDar\f v Fv°a\ (Doric
Bey some of the largest corks you can
find, the long ones that are used in the
long-necked green bottles, and in one end
dig out a hole. Into this put a leaden
bullet, or several large shot, and stop up
the hole with putty. Round off the edges
of the cork at this end, and your dancer is
ready to iiance.
Around the top of the other end of the
cork paste on a little blue hood of tissue
paper; make a dress of the same and tie
on a sasli of tiny ribbon.
On the cork make with ink the prettiest
face you can, and then set the young lady
a-dancing. Two or three of these make a
very pretty gift for any child.
The "limited" train was rushing along
at the rate of sixty miles an hoar when a
nve-year-oid youngster, who was sitting
at the window, was startled by the rush
and roar of a passing train, and fell back
in his fright. Recovering himself quickly
he looked up in his father's face and
gasped:
"Papa! did we swallow it?"
"What do you call a girl who has done a
brave act?" asked Harry's father. "Not a
Lero, but a— what?"
"I know." said Harry promptly. "A
sht-rol"— Youth.
An Arab Proverb — When you toavt
done any one a fax»r, throw into the sea
the remembrance of it; and if the fishes
devour it, God will remember it.
I2&ik/j H^Kafe.
j I am the doll that Nancy broke!
Hadn't been hers a week.
| One little squeeze, and I sweetly spoke,
Kosy and fair was my cheek.
i Now my head lies iv a corner ttir,
My body lies here in the other;
And if this is what human chiMreu are.
I never will live with another!
I am the bock that Nancy read
For fifteen minutes together;
Now I am standing here on my head.
While she's gone to look at the weather.
My leaves are crushed in tLe crudest way,
There's jam on my opening page;
And I would not live with MUs Nancy Gay,
Though I shouldn't be read for an age!
I am the frock that Nancy wore
Last night at her birthday feast
I am the frock that Nancy tore
In seventeen places at least.
My buttons are scattering far and near.
My trimming is torn to rags;
And if I were Miss Nancy's mother dear
I'd dress her in calico bags)
We are the words that Nancy said
When these things were brought to her view
All of us ought to be painted red,
And some of us are cot true.
We splutter and mutter and snarl and snap,
We smolder and smoke and blaze;
And if she'd not meet with some sad mishap,
Miss Nancy must mend her ways.
Lacra £. Richards in St. Nicholas.
THE LETTER
BOX
San Francisco, Cal., Sept. 7, 1896.
Dtar Editor: I read the children's p age of
Thi Sttnday Call, and I am very much inter
ested in the puzzles and send the answers of
the crossword enigma and vegetable puzzles.
The answer to crossward enigma is France,
and the answer of the vegetable puzzle is cel
ery. Hoping they are correct, as this is the
first time I have written to The Call, I remain
yours sincerely. Dorothy orekn.
San Jose, Cal., Sept. a, 1896.
Dtar Editor: As I saw so many letters in the
Childhood's Realm I thought I would write
also. lam 12 years old and lam in the high
fifth grade. I go to the Longfellow School.
My teacher's name is Miss Partman and the
principal's name is Mr. Bruch. Well I guess 1
shall close for this time, from your constant
reader, Grace Ingram.
P. 8. I hope you will publish this letter in
next Sunday's Call. Gsacs.
HER WISH.
"My dear," said papa one evening,
As he sat with his child on his knee.
"You have been a good girl to-day, dearie,
As good as a girlie could be.
Now I'll give you whatever you with for,
My dear, sweet, good little girl."
Be thought, of course, she would ask for
A dollie with hair a.l acurl,
Or perhaps a great bouncing doll,
Or a little trunk painted all red,
And so be was much surprised, you see,
When gently and sweetly she said,
With a smile as bright as the sunshine,
A smile that a lather would miss:
"Please, papa, I'd hfca it, dear papa,
It you'd gi ve me a great big kiss. "
_ R. Maud MxLutvr.
Rekdlky, Cal., Sept. 7, 1896.
Dtar Editor: I have written to you before,
but I write now to tell you of the happiest day
of my vacation, which I think was one day
last July. I had been wanting a lawn party
very much for a long tiraa, and mamma prom
ised ma that I might have it that (Monday)
night, and while I was just in the midst of the
pleasure of anticipation, here came The Call
containing my first printed story, "Mlna,"
How delighted I was.
I had a nice time at tire party. We had
apples, cake and lemonade for refreshments.
Thanks to Eva Kavoue for complimenting my
story. I am always looking for a story or
letter from her.
I have written quite a number of «tories.and
a few pieces of poetry, one of each of which I
send you. Hoping to see them and my letter
in print, I am your loving friend,
R. Maud Mallort.
Los Angeles, Sept. 9, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little boy neany 7 years
old. I have three sisters, whose names are
Kosa, May and Bertha. I go to school and
can read a little of your paper. My mamma
and papa like your paper. I think Thb Call
ia the best paper. I would like to see my let
ter in your Sunday paper. Arthue Cohen.
Kisg Cirr, Cal., Sept 9, 1896.
Dtar Editor: This is my first letter to Th*
Call. My papa haj taken your paper for many
years, and he likes it better than any other, lgo
to the Campbell District School, and the name
of my teacher is Miss Puckhabor. lam in tha
fourth grade. I nave a cat who has two play
ful kittens. She catches mice, gophers and
squirrels. I live on a ranch near King City. I
hare a little sister and her name is Josephine.
She is 6 years old and goes to the same school
as I do and is in the second reader.
Now, as my letter is growing long, I will
close, hoping to see it in next Sunday's Call.
Your lltUe friend,
Emma Hollexbeck (age 10 years).
Fort Joj.es, Siskiyou County. CaL.J
Sepiember 5, 1806. j
Dear Editresi: I notice the other littie chil
dren are writing to yon, so I thought I would
write too. I have one brother. His name is
Eltnere. He is five years old. I have a pet
kitten which is yellow and white. His name
ia Goldie Blue Eyes. We have a dog, Rover.
Papa and mamma are reading. Brother is
asleep. Our school opens Monday, and lam
going to go. I have about two miles to walk.
My papa's name is Lewis; my mamma's name la
Matilda.
My letter is getting so long I shall have to
close it. Your little reader, Lelace Clark.
P. 9.— 1 am a little girl ten years old. I will
write more next time. Good-by. I will be
pleased if I see this in print. I made out one
pnazls which was as follows: I'll never miss
the water till the well runs dry. I hope it is
correct. L. E. C.
' San *rancisco, Sept. 8. 1896.
Lear: Editor: Will you please publish this
letter about me ana my kitty :
Hazel had a dear little kitty,
Who had always lived in the city;
But one day he ran up and down
Till he found himself quite out of town. ' -
She looked till she foupd him.
Then brought him back home
And went to the butcher's for a nice big bone.
She threw it down tight on the mat.
Bat Mr. Puss ate nothing but fat.
"You naughty kitty 1 you have no sense!"
At this the cat Jumped over the fence.
I guess Hazel's pet has gone forever,
For the poor little girl sees him never.
,' From a Tiny Gikl.
■Note from Editor. ~ , ' .
The letters received this week were all moat
carefully written, ytfur editor having found
but one misspelled word— namely, squirrel. '
PUZZLES
I. What is that which has never been felt,
Been or heard and yet has a name ?
Lou Parsons.
11. If I should give James 12 cents and Wil.
liam 13 cents what time wouid it be ?
Alice Bell.
HI. "Saw nothing." Find in these two
words the name of a man well known and dear
to a. I the readers of Childhood's Realm.
Eddie Boyle.
iv. dropped vowels.
Cnnn t rght f thm,
Cunn t lft f thm,
Cnnn v frnt f thm,
Vllyd nd thndrd.
Also give author's name.
V. Behead to listen and have what you listen
with; transpose and have a verb.
VI. Currail worry and have a vehicle: trans
pose and have part of a circle.
VII. Reverse a term of endearment and have
what you like to do when this page comes to
you.
VIII. Mr 1 is a vegetable.
My 2 is a kind of oil.
The letters of these two words properly ar
ranged spell the name of a month.
IX. My 1 is the dawn.
My 2 is brightness.
My whole the name of a flower.
X. Pi.
Hrapeips.
The name of a precious stone.
Correct answers to puzzles of September 6:
Concealed birds.
L (a) Owl. (b) Bittern, (c) Teal. (0)
Hawk, (c) Loon.
11. The little girl's name— Little Bo Peep.
111. France.
IV. Celery.
V. Because he often takes a fly.
Correct answers to puzzles of September 6
have been received from Madalena Lagomar
sino, Dora Fritschi, Dorothy Green, Alice Bell
and Max Selig.
NOT A CLEVER BOY.
y\r\ original caricature draWirxg
bvj Stanley Grichtorv of Sar\ dose,
aged 18 years.
2728
THE POWER OF SOUND
IrWer\tior\ of a J^larVelous Machine
ir\ Which Sound Vibrations
Greate Dynamic Force
Ancient history, both sacred and pro- j
fane, makes mention of certain physical
phenomena, which, were it not for the
particularity of detail embraced in the re
cital, might be classed as imaginary, so un
explainable do the phenomena appear to
the great majority ol minds of the present j
day.
The Bible records that the destruction
of the walls of Jericho was accomplished
by the "sound of trumpets."
In Northern India (it is so stated by an
English writer) was at one time a Temple
of Brahma, containing a stone image
clothed with outspreading, fan-like drap
ery of stone — a part of the statue which
revolved when the priest intoned a certain
invocation.
It is stated on good scientific authority
that a suspension bridge may be thrown
into vibration sufficient to wreck the
structure by the prolonged sounding of a
certain note upon a horn or violin.
It is a not uncommon occurrence in a
cathedral or church for a pane of glass in
a window of the building to be shattered
when a certain note is produced upon the
organ.
If we construct a slender funnel of stiff
paper and adjust a thread to form a true
axis to the funnel, and then pour melted
resin into the funnel, we will have when
the resin solidifies a cone of resin. Remove
the paper carefully by soaking it with
water, and then suspend the cone in a I
vertical position by means of the axial {
thread, fastening the thread at top and
bottom to the support. Now sound on a
violin a note of music (the proper note
will be easily learned by experiment and
may be determined by noticing the vibra
tions of the resinous cone). Prolong the
sound -withouF change of pitch and sud
denly the cone of resin will totally van- !
isbl It has been disintegrated into im- [
palpable atoms. The expeiiment requires i
to be conducted in a small room free from !
all vibrations or motions of the air caused i
by moving bodies.
In all these phenomena sound appears as
the cause of action.
We turn to the textbooks of our schools i
for explanation of these mysteries and |
therein learn that "Sound is an exhibition
of energy." Outside of the textbooks are
found various philosophical speculations
divergent enough to suit all views, but only
speculation.
In the investigation of hidden causes
stronger reasons are obtained from sure J
experiments and demonstrated arguments J
than from probable conjectures and the
opinions of philosophical speculators.
If what we know and what we do not i
know about the attributes and physical j
powers of what goes to make up tbe earth j
we inhabit could be expressed in a couple \
of books, we should have two volumes !
very dissimilar in size. The one contain- j
ing t c record of what we know would be '
5 . : , *-2»£^'O<?«?-* ■ ■ — — -^-^_— ; m
§ "Life Too Short to Tell What We Women "I Would Not Be Living To-Day Had I Not "Feel Like a Young Woman." %
S Suffer." , Used Viavi." little rock, Ark. S
S» t . . NEWARK, Ohio. April 6, 1893. OAKLAND Cal. January ">i 1895 THE VIAVI COMPANY— eleven years have I suffered with prolapsus, j^s
-^O TTTTT TTT A \7T PHAfD A T^*V * v vXVUljAiil/, valt, January — 1, lov'O- * » O
fc m »nt n Lr!! ™ IPA T NY ~ Ab £ Ut twenty K yeBrs a f,° l b , ecan , to realize that ' like THE VIAVI COMPANY-For the benefit of those who are no longer' young I inflammation, leucorrhcea, and finally with inflammation of the ovaries and neuralgia. £r
§ w"s r^^^°:^^:^:lt^Z wish to add my testimonial to the long list of VIAVI cure, lam 71 years" of age, The parts protruded an inch or more from my body My back was seldom free from
against the rectum, as I constantly suffered great pain not only Tntult °ocaHty but and m y trouble began at .he close of the critical period when I was 45. The monthly am and 1 woold feel exhausted from the least exertion. I suffered with palpitation fc
«£T also in my head. The only thing I knew to do was to consult our family physician flow stopped suddenly and I had a constant throbbing, burning pain over the abdo- of the heart and had ' to be ro PP ed ™> wltn several pillows in order to breathe. S
=— He said he understood my case; that my uterus and left ovary were in a very bad * men, which caused intense suffering, especially at night. Finally there was a lump Mrs. M. induced me to use VIAVI, and since using it every symptom has disappeared. j;*
25 condition; he could cure me, but I must submit to local treatment. Several kinds of the size of a hen's egg formed in the region of the left ovary that was so painful I Can now walk twenty Wocks without feeling the least fatigue. I have gained twenty- •£:
S t^iv^nTn^Vo^ 111 Mv^ Si^n^T" Tl X 5 7°^ ?Tr * •! feared a cancer ' l c ™ sulted "° doctors ' for l had no confldenc. in them, and went on one P ounda of flesn siQCe usin *. and allhou S h l have *>™ ed the chan <" °f li * J feel
__^ man live in sucn torture. My eooi husband urged me to try a specialist, which I did « .  T „„  T , like a voun? woman a^ain MRS R. 8. S-
£2 with no better results, for 1 continued to grow more nervous and my system was being suffering until I was 69 years old. I took a thorough rourse of both VIAVI like a young woman again. MKS. K. B.
constantly drained by leucorrhoea. I awoke every morning with a headache, which CAPSULES and CERATE, and after using the treatment six months I flowed quite '
continued through the day, and I also suffered greatly with hot flashes. So time went naturally for two days. Then came a brownish discharge, which changed to the "I Can Heartily ReCOmmend It." *^
j^_ . on, life becoming more burdensome every day. and I was approaching that critical mattery, yellowish color, and very offensive. My friends were greatly worried, think- . „„„„ „ S
2 time that comes to every woman. f I knew that greater suffering, both mental and .. ing it must be a cancer. The discharge lasted one y ar, then gradually decreased and ' " . WEST BRANCH, lowa.
1 That we women suTer OnVd» 'former neighbor add! »*?"^ 1° TL*" I 8to PP ed entirel^ The lum in ™ side and < he P » * disappeared, and I have THE VIAVI COMPANY-I want to add my testimony to the long list of thos. ■ ; i
£ cured J y W vTivr* e t:; y ;. n ro M^: S "«£?* 1° Z^™*^;* o^^ »*« - symptom, whatever of their return. /L, / <W« JZ living t^ay had who have been greatly benefitted by the .use ,of VIAVI It would be vain for me to S
persuasion I did so. and thank God that it wu ever discovered for th^reLf of ,u!fcriw I not u.ed VIAVI. I heartily recommend it to all and consider it a wonderful cure attempt tO &™ a fnll acCoUnt ° what * suff f e ! ed for more than , foUr years with g
»r women. I used the treatment four months without the slightest change for the for uterine trouble of any iorm. Yours sincerely. MRS. H. A. D. - uterine trouble and, I may say, a complication of diseases. During all these years I
T^ better; but I was not discouraged, for how could I expect a few months to undo the • was under the care of a physician, The first year was mostly spent in my bed, aud
z^ work of years? I continued the use of VIAVI for a year, and would not do without ■ - the years following would get so I could sit up some; then would take my bed for
Jfc: it were I obliged to do with one meal a day in order to obtain it, for it has been my three and four months at a time. In addition to this was taken with the grip, which zZi
_^ salvation. Let me say to those who are expecting immediate benefit, Be patient; it - tk Ir? ■lA .f^ x  kept me in a very weak condition for months. My physician also said that I was
= «^r:!.^^.trWi.r i^ d rnrjLjs.^ i s;siirr 1 i :s i l Feel lta DUty - passing through the change of lite and that I had ulceration. I would have very &
;S vere and it will do its work as surely as the sun rises in the east To those on the POCATELLO, Idaho. April 29. 1895. severe attacks of congestive chills and my life was despaired of many times. After r*
2 verge of the change of life I would especially recommend VIAVI. Very respectfully THE VIAVI COMPANY— I want to tell you what VIAVI has done *or me. I thoroughly reading your pamphlet on VIAVI 1 concluded to try it, feeling as though £r
¥=■ ■-L , MRS. C. H. C. ' feel it a duty I owe. to suffering w. men. Have suffered for seven years and am life was a burden and it made little difference whether it killed or cured. I began its 2S
xv ♦!••%/•. passing through the change of life. For two years I have suffered with flowing spells ' use about the middle of January, 1893. . Have now been using it for nine months. j«
£_ Watching Viavi Over Four Years." that would last fourteen and fifteen days, leaving mo so weak and exhausted that I During that time I have only been confined to my bed altogether but two weeks. Am 5=
"^* LATER— watching the effects and seeing the results obtained from the use ' had to keep to my bed much of the time— life seemed to be ebbing away. I had one able to take a drive frequently and do a good deal of light work. My husband being
'2 of VIAVI for over four years, my faith in its merits grows stronger and stronger. I growth cut out, and the doctor said I would have to have another operation performed ' a merchant, there is very seldom a day passes without my going into the store several 5^
usSpeSsSy! 0686 W DOt y ' eid *° itS influence wnere the remedy was before I could have the flowings or the hemorrhages of the uterus stopped; but I said ' . times a day and waiting on customers for a short time. This is a great change, and I Si
j^ " .*• . : MRS. C. H. C. I would rather die than go through another operation, for ever since the operation my believe with persistent use of VIAVI my health will be restored. I can heartily {3?
back had been lame. Finally I was persuaded to use VIAVI. It is four months since recommend it. I would also add that I have not had a physician since I began its S^
SS *' My Health IS NOW Perfect." l began the use of the little Ca P SUIes and the Cerate. lam so thankful, for I feel I use. * ' MRS. A. M. B.
2^ • cannot say enough in its praise. Ido not have any more of the severe flowing spells,
THir vtavi rnAfPAxrv r ■ MANSFIELD. Ark., July 16, 1891. and can walk, sweep and do mv housework and seldom feel tired. I feel so strong "Viavi and ItS MacHcfli Worth" S
S3 ofage H aU™LTyTh^ and well I cheerfully recommend VIAVI to all who are suffering from female weak- ViaVl.anQ »™& C ™ WOltll. g
S and persuaded me to use VIAVI and IaNO? with Th™ mosibeneflc -ill result M^ ■ neBS ' Very « ral « full y MKS - C ' <*> THEVIAVI.COMPANY-Iwishlcouldimpressu P o n th c TOPEKA, e^uW^ S
2£ health is now perfect, and I cannot be too grateful foi ■ th? hinS? . • I * V THE VIAV COMPAN^- 1 wlsh l coald impress upon the mind of every suffer- r3
past experience in female disease I dreaded the change of Uf^whh its dangers Z ** ladythe rare merits of VIAVI. Am PaSSing through the change of life, and have 5
Bufferings, but now with the confidence I have in the tonic properties of VIAVI I do « ProiCP Pnt- Visivi" . heretofore been unable to do my own housework. I am now on the fourth box of ■£=
-- not feel alarmed at results. I gladly recommend it to all suffering sister* as I think . ITdlbe PUr Id Vl. . your treatment and almost feel as though I have ten years of my life. The Capsules 3
2; the results truly wonaerful. Am thinking of becoming a permanent agent so as to LEEDS. lowa. January 23, 1898.. have such a soothing and invigorating effect; they tone up and strengthen. I will 5=
be able to relieve many who might not otherwise be able to obtain it. THE VIAVI COMPANY-I am only too glad to write words of praise for VIAVI. answer any and all questions regarding VIAVI and its magical worth. " 3
r^ ; ___^ MRS. 8. J. H. I have been passing through the change of life for five years; have been perfectly MRS L. J P «£?
S~~ • miserable and confined to my bed the greater part of the time. I consulted several — ~ ■ — .... g"~
!^K " SoiritS Like a flil-l'c " tory ' but none of them gave me any relief. One year ago I had a tumor removed, U't. a + Have Vnn n^ MA \7 I f c \\r tt^M
2 o F mi2> LiKe a VJin s. and four different doctors told my family that I could not possibly live but a few What nave You Done, You Look So Well £
S THF VIAVI COMPANY- Th- i ♦ * v. ST THOMAS. March 2, 1895. months at the longest. . About this time I heard of VIAVI through your Sioux City VICKSBURG Miss Feb 23 1894 S
=5 of the most, flauerlng nature When\he'Tl\^ a eXP n ri nCe WUh VIAVI WaS manager and began using it. At first I could only use half a Capsule a day, but after ". .' [ THE VIAVI COMPANY-While passing through that trying period in a uonlan's Z2
£= low and I know now in a dangerous condition of hthhT° "™* T aS ln a very a time I could use the entire Capsule, arid also used the Cerate faithfully. I now feel life (the change) my system became so depleted' that 1 had no strength. Had £=
S change and had suffered with a constant falling of thin*™ passin S turoU the . like a new woman and am able to do my own work, and my restored health is due to leucorrho33, and disease was about to fasten upon my lungs. I was quite discouraged,
2! mysef with Jow spirits. I have : used seven treatments of VIA VT.nrtT^ 6 the wonderful remedy VIAVI. I cannot recommend it highly enough. My recovery . when your agent told me of VIAVI. Now lam glad to tell you that when my jjg
g hesitation instate it did wonders for me. My spirits were and are often nowTke"* is a mystery to the physicians, who thought my time was so short I hope all suffer- usTne VlA\Tand h^e mTth °" Z°* 3 ° ? " V*", "" *"* ' *"? Z" x —
; - girl's. It is a most valuable remedy for all.those trouble, most pecu.iar to w^men! 611 . ing women will try VIAVI, for lam sure it will do a," much for them a, it has done Zfi^^^^^^^^^W^YlV^^ * S
fc MRS. G. C. 8. forme.; : MRS. C. D. F. • MRS. B. B. C. S
§ FOR FULL NAME AND ADDRESS AND FURTHER INFORMATION APPLY %
ITHE VIAVI COMPANY, 23O4-6-8 VAN NESSAVE..CITYI
exceedingly small, while that devoted to
our lack of knowledge would be an im
mensely large one. True, we know a great
deal about many things, but the field in
which we may learn more is practically
illimitable. Every day we are confronted
by some new discovery, and so rapidly
does one announcement succee 1 another
that all preconceived ideas are undergoing
constant modification. What was accept
able yesterday as the correctly expressed
interpretation of a natural law is to-day
found to be incorrect. Textbooks now
need yearly revision. In every depart
ment of physical science most wonderful
revelations are constantly being male.
The true scientist does not hesitate to con
fess that he knows nothing. The laws he
has formulated are only "generalizations,"
very much like market quotations — sub
ject to change without notice.
Only a few years ago it was believed
that an electric magnet exercised the
power of attraction — and attraction only —
upon iron and steel. It was a familiar
illustration. employed in the schoolroom by
the teacher of natural physics, to take a
handful of mingled needles and pins, and
then applying a magnet to the mixed as
sortment, showing that the magnet picked
up every needle but had no effect upon
the pins. The selection was then ex
plained by the statement that a magnet
only had power over the steel and iron.
Lately it has been found that with an al
ternating current a magnet exercises a
greater repulsive force on copper than it
does an attractive force on iron.
Sir William Thomson, recognized
throughout the world as one of the most
profound students of physics, in his speech
made at the jubilee celebration tendered
him a few months ago by his confreres,
who came from all parts of the globe to
do him honor, said: "The universe may
be regarded as a vast physical machine.
Our knowledge of it may be divided into
two branches — what we know of the
structure of the machine ana what we
know regarding the methods of its work
ing. I confess I know but very little, very
little." There are but few Sir William
Thomsons.
Crootes demonstrated the ponderabil
ity of light by the operation of his radio
meter, an instrument now seen in almost
every jeweler's window. Four small
vanes set at right angles to each other,
each vane having one side -ilvered and
the opposite side a roughened black sur- I
face. When exposed to light of any kind
the vanes of the instrument revolve, due
to the impact of the light rays; precisely
as the sails of a windmill revolve under
the impact of the wind. Unless light
possessed a ponderosity capable of exert
ing dynamic force, it could not affect the
revolution of the vanes.
Recently there has been constructed a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
sound motor almost on similar lines as
those of the radiometer.
Innumerable experiments were made
by the inventor of the sound motor before
a satisfactory form of device was obtained.
The known laws of sound tell us that it
may be reflected, refracted and condensed,
queer properties for an immaterial affair
to possess. The intensity of its manifes
tation depends upon the density of the air
in which the sound is generated, and not
upon the density of the air in whicii it is
heard. A tuning-fork when in vibration
molds the surrounding air into sonorous
waves that we call sound. Now, while
this may be termed simply an "exhibition
of energy," yet who is the philosopher
who can prove it not to be a "form of
matter"?
Science Declares that the universe is
composed of what are termed molecules
TWO VIEWS OF THE PROPOSED SOUND MOTOR.
or atoms. (As no one has as yet succeeded
in presenting to our vision either an atom
or a molecule, we may confidently say
that the difference between the two is
simply a distinction without a difference).
So small are these molecules that were
a drop of water to be magnified to the size
of the earth the molecules composing it
would even then be too small to be recog
nized by our present microscopic powers.
Balfour Stewart, one of the ablest phil
osophers in tbe realms of physics, holds
that: "We know but very little about
atoms or molecules. There is abundant
evidence that such things as atoms or
molecules do exist and that they are tbe
basis of all things cognizant to our senses.
We have reason to believe that every
simple elementary atom is probably in a
state of ceaseless activity and change of
form, but although so changing it is
nevertheless always the same."
Sound is but a changed form of mole
cule.
In the first form of the sound motor
vanes like those of the radiometer were
employed, but without much success.
Then the phenomenon of resonance was
studied. Certain shaped bodies appeared
to re-enforce sound — make it louder,
stronger. Experiment along this line re
vealed the remarkable fact that between
tne law of conic sections and the iaw of
sound there existed a curious relation
ship, the tonic, the dominant and the sub
dominant of the sound scale correspond
ing to the cylinder, tne parabola and the
hyperbola. A cavity shaped as a cylinder,
having a spherical termination, offered a
measurable resistance to the sound of the
tonic. A cavity shaped as a parabola re
sisted the sound of the dominant, and a
byperbolic-shaped cavity resisted the sub
dominant, the different shaped cavities
being but slightly or not at all affected by
other notes.
The present form of the sound motor is
represented in the accompanying draw
ing. It consists of a flat disK mounted
upon an axle. On the periphery of tbe
! disk are twelve cup-like cavities shaped
i either parabolic, hyperbolic or cylinun
j cal, according as it is desired to use a cer
tain note; the axis of the cavity being at
a tangent to the circumference of the
disk. Inasmuch as a hollow sphere re
flects to iti center all rays of incidence
originating within it. besides re- enforcing
i them, the motor is inclosed in a flat spheri
\ cal casing, which while conserving the
! actuating sound excludes extraneous ones.
The axis of the disk is projected outside of
| the casing, where it carries a pulley. The
I sound employed to move the disk is pro
j duced by a tuning fork vibrated by a
small electro-magnet. A curious feature
is that the motor will only uperate when
the cavities are seven or twelve in number,
corresponding to the number of tones in
the major and chromatic scales of the in
complete octave.
As yet, the machine is only a scientific
toy. But it embodies a principle preg
nant with possibilities. Most of the im
portant discoveries in science take their
origin from observations the full meaning
of whic i is not known or appreciated at
the time of the first announcement. The
telephone of Reis* contained all. that was
needful to a speaking telephone, and yet
a score of years had passed before the
adaptations made by Bell and Gray were
produced that caused its recognition as a
necessity. The phaunatrope, an instru
ment for rendering sound visible, had
lain a perfect machine on the shelf of the
Smithsonian Institution for the last forty
years unappreciated until Edison rehabili
tated it and christened it the phonograph.
The Giesler tube has been a familiar piece
of mechanism to the student of natural
pnysics ior the past half century, as illua-
trating the diffusion of the electric light
in vacuo. To-day the foremost minds
are agreed that it is the coming electric
lamp; the ideal one producing light with -
out heat.
Granted that it is possible to cause a
perforated disk to rotate under the influ
ence of a ray of sound, so as to create
dynamic force, it is simply a question of
time when the principle involved will be
applied to tbe production of mechanical
motion that will be capable of economic
use.
An old phrase has it tbat necessity is
the mother of invention. There is but
little real invention nowadays. Tbe vast
majority of new appliances are the out
come of thought and experiment induced
by the Knowledge of existing results, along
similar lines. We are beginning to learn
that everything is suggestive, and so,
reasoning from analogy, we produce new
combinations, not basically new things.
F. M. Clock, D.Sc
THE POWER OF LIGHT
Professor Bell Is DeVisir\g a Com
mercial Telephone System
Without Wires
Professor Graham Bell is devoting his
attention this summer to the commercial
development of a wonderful invention of
his, which involves nothing less than tele
phoning by means of a ray of light, says
the Chicago Times-Herald.
Professor Bell made the discovery of a
method by which he misrht hear a shadow
fall. He found in following up the re
searches of Dr. Werner Siemens that the
rare met al called selenium potsesses the
peculiar quality of v'nryirig its electrical
conductivity under the action of light.
That is to say, its resistance to tbe pass
age of a current of electricity differs
widely when it was exposed to the light
or hid in the dark.
It was from this discovery that the in
ventor devised an instrument as simple as
its powers were astonishing. He found
that by connecting a ceil made of this
metal, selenium, with the ear, by means
of an ordinary telephone, and then direct
ing upon this cell an interrupted beam of
light it produced sound. It was at first
supposed that this rare metal was the only
one which possessed this quality of beinu'
sonorous; that is to say of giving out
sounds under the action of light, but in a
series of beautiful experiments Professor
Bell found that all substances possess it
more or less in the same way when made
up in the form of thin disks or diaphragms.
In a word, the great inventor laid bare for
the first time a new principle of matter.
It was out of these researches that the
wonderful instrument upon which Pro
fessor Bell is now again at work sprang.
He gave it originally the name of the
photophone. Put in the broadest way, it
aimed to substitute for the ordinary tele
graph or telephone wiie a ray of light.
Doubtless there is many a man who would
question the sanity of any one who would
claim to be able to talk for a long distance
over a sunbeam. And yet this is exactly
what Professor Bell has succeeded in do
ing. The mechanism which he devised
does not differ widely from the telephone
in its general principles, save in the fact
indicated, that it substitutes a ray of light
for the usual copper wire.
There is, firstof all, a transmitter, which
is made up of a thin diaphragm of mica
or of some other substance, silvered at its
back so as to make of it a reflecting
mirror. The diaphragm is connected with
an ordinary speakinjf tube, into which
the operator talks just as he would talk
into the transmitter of a telephone.
Aeainst this thin disk or diaphragm is
projected a ray of light, preferably sun
light. The liebt is caught by a mirror and
directed through a concentrated lens
whose focus is the transmitting diaphragm.
The latter in turn reflects the ray through
a second lens, which again makes tbe
components of the ray of light parallel,
po that it may travel any distance without
dispersion.
J At the other station, where the receiv-
I ing operator is stationed, tnere is a para
bolic reflector, at tbe end of which is fixed
a selenium cell. The latter in turn is
connected, telephonically, with the ear.
I Now. when the ray of light is reflected
from the transmittin.e diaphragm aud the
operator speaks into the tube- ioined with
j the latter what he says may be clearly
and distinctly heard at the other end of
the "line ri ; that is, at the other end of the
traveling ray of light. And that, prac
tically speaking, is all there is to this won
derful affair.
The theory upon which this instrument
is built is that the ray of light may be im
pressed with sound vibrations in exactly
the same way that an elf ctrically charged
wire is impressed with the sound vibra
tions from the telephone.
Professor Bell says that the trend of
modern physical science is toward estab
lishing the close relationship of the differ
ent forms of molecular motion, which,
for the purpose of distinction, are vari
ously called light, heat, electricity and
sound. So close, indeed, is this relation
ship that the late Professor Tyndall wished
to abolish some of the phrases, notably
that of "light," as simply confusing. And
the farther science has gone the more it
has come to sec that the only difference
between these varying modes of motion,
the only difference between light and heat
and electricity and sound, is tbe difference
of form and rapidity.
The conversion of heat or electricity into
light is so familiar and commonplace a
process that we do not wonder at it at all.
But when Professor Bell went a step
farther and demonstrated the possibility
of converting light into sound, or at least
causing a wave of light to produce a wave
of sound, which is practically tantamount
to the same thing, he entered into a new
field and welded a new lintr. in the chain
of relationship and interdependence. You
will see that it was but a step farther than
this to his practical miracle of telephon
ing by light.
But to say that this is "telephoning by
means of a sunbeam" is really a very
crude and inaccurate description of what
actually takes place. This was what Pro
fessor Bell discovered by accident one day
in the course of his experiments, it
chanced that he thrust in the path of the
ray a disk of mdiarubber and he found
that communication was not interrupted
in the least. If you or I had been there
we should have been both surprised and
mystified. But the accident told Professor
Bell that he had made a yet further step
in his researches, and that he had opened
a new gate to further knowledge of the
subject. He had discovered that the pro
cess of telephoning was not conducted by
the visible rays of the sunbeam at all, but
by the invisible rays of which we know
only by inference.ALREADY THERE IS TALK OF THE FIRST COTILLON
The first cotillon will not be danced for
several weeks, but already the discussion
of evening gowns is becoming an interest
ing topic of conversation, especially to the
(iebntantes, who will, almo9t without ex
ception, dance their first cotillon garbed
in snowy white, and wise is the maiden
■who wears nothing else during her first
season, provided, of course, that it is be
roming to her style of beauty. The great
European dressmakers intend to make
tulle over white satin again the most
fashionable combination, and one youth
ful belle will wear tulle and satin at her
lirst dance, and mousseline de soie over the
palest willow-green satin at her next, an<i
besides has selected several quite lovely
light figured silks which are to be made
up with charming simplicity for less
ceremonious functions.
Time and thought must both be de
voted ungrudgingly to the successful !
evolution of the debutante's wardrobe,
even when aucats are plentiful, and it is a
preat mistake to postpone until the last
minute the choice of frocks, etc., for,
unless the young girl is unusually strong, I
she cannot be expected to dance until the
wee small hours with pleasure if the
greater part of the day has been spent
haring her gown "tried on." The thought- j
ful mother will see to all the little things
that are such necessary adjuncts to a
satisfactory toilette, for her dainty bud
does not have to compete with debutantes
alone, she must also show the seasoned
belles that she can hold her own and is
not to be overlooked. There would be
fewer sad little wall-flowers were all neces
sary points of success more carefully and !
deliberately studied, for the sweetest,
brightest and most beautiful bud ever seen
is very likely to blush unseen if her gown
is a fail ure and her hair not arranged to
the best advantage. Many teas will be
given to introduce our future belles, al
though such an authority as Julien Sar
aou declares that to launch a girl at a tea
is sufficient to mark her a social failure,
and advocates instead dinners, even if
small ones only are given. Her opinions
are held by many sensible mothers who
prefer that their daughters should thus
quietly make their social entree among
their special friends. But to return to
evening gowns. One for a dear little ma
tron is well worthy of our admiration.
The skirt is of a heavy blush rose duchesse
satin, and has two panels of pleated
chiffon confined at the foot by bands of
gold passementerie. They are completed by
a full ruching of chiffon. Chiffon grace
fully drapes the bodice, the handsome
passementerie beinj: introduced here and
there. Two scarfs of chiffon lie in grace
ful flat bows on the shoulders, over which
are carried exquisite clusters of damask
roses. Pink taffeta lines ttie entire gown.
Alternate ruffles of pinked silk and Jace
make the inside almost as fetching as the
exterior.
That matrons understand the charms of
tulle may be assumed when one reads
lrom a Newport correspondent these few
lines concerning tulle aarvels:
Such wondrous work is done In tulle! What
beauty of design and what effects in this new
embroidery in jewels which we are now so fa
miliar with, done on those web-like transpa
rencies. Overdresses are like fairy things,
sparkling and glittering as if the wand had
but just touched them. There is danger In
overdoing, however, and mingling too many
colors in stones as well as in anything else.
It is safer to keep a design In jewels as near to
one color, supported largely by diamonds, as
it is possible to do. As an instance, the superb
gown worn by Mrs. M at one of the big
balls, built of white satin duchesse, with over
dress of white tulle, hanging apart below the
knee. The design was carried out in a lace
pattern with rubies and diamonds, the latter
defining scrolls and arabesques, the former
garlands and flowers; eattn pointed decollete
corsage, with designed empiecement, artisti
cally forming part of the bodice, .and the
sleeves merely wings of tulle, held together
by scintillating jeweled band over the bare
arms. With diamond tiara and necklace no
eun at midday could be more brilliant than a
toilette of this kind in the evening.
Quite stunnine is the Redfern gown I
present this week and it may be said to
fill a long-felt want, for, while the skirt
and bodice are of a soft black well-wearing
material, the panels and tabs are of red
moire. Upon this moire a design of black
braid and cords is worked over a thin
■white cloth, which, in its turn, is cut
away, and thus leaves merely the most
dainty design of white with biack border
ing wherever the pattern is applied. The
tabs and every edge of the biack cloth that
lie upon the red moire are bound with a
tight, narrow hem of real Persian lamb,
and buttons of black and white are em
ployed to complete this eminently useful
as well as beautiful gown. This toilette
•will be sure to obtain great favor, for the
correct shade of the Danish national red
has been employed, and this is a becom
ing note of color to most women.
The French conception can be worn in
6uch places as San Mateo until almost the
end of next month ; the skirt of silver-gray
cloth is adorned with scallops and lovers'
knots on white lace. The zouave pocket is
of a truly beautiful shade of pinkish
amethyst taffeta beautified with frills of
embroidery, and three Strass buttons
set in silver appear on each sleeve. The
blouse of white satin is veiled with mous
eeiine de soie.
The sleeves should be noted and the
smart bow with the buckle in the center.
The hat is a model which will be much
affected all autumn.
Very sensible is the mountaineering cos
tume for long pants, being made of either
cheviot or unshrinkable cloth set off with
revers, cuffs, belt and turned-down collar
in blue or black velvet. Ornamental but
tons appear on the front box pleat and on
that of the left hip, which is apparently
raised 10 display a skirt in blue skirting.
A sailor hat of coarse straw is usually
trimmed merely with a band and cluster
of loops in plain or club ribbon. As can
be at once seen, this model is defective in
one respect Note the sleeves, which indi
cate that it was designed three months
ago. However, it is good, provided the
Bleeves are altered.
Laced shoes of heavy kid completes this
toilette, aa laced shoes have Jong been
known to be the best for long walks, as
they afford the ankles more support.
Mauby, the celebrated French tailor,
has iust created a model jacket for
autumn wear, over which all his patrons
are raving. It is made of cream cloth,
with silk braidings; down both back and
front extends a graceful pleat. In front
this pleat closes in the center with invisi
bie fastening--. The skirt fits tightly
round the lugs and hangs in four folds in
the back.
At a well-known summer resort lately
were noted some gowns which" were well
worthy of the admiration and the com
ments they excited. One fair-haired and
youthful matron wore a bodice of plain
navy-blue surah, with many infinitesimal
tucks. The finest of cream guipure and
paste buttons completed it. The skirt
Lung perfectly and was without orna
mentation of any sort. With it was worn a
black chip hat of the new retrousse s-bape.
/\r\d the Belles /\re Gor\siderir\g What to Wear ar\d
Wker\ to Wear It — A Beautiful /\utumr\
Creation by Redfem, ar\d a Gkic
Frervck Costume
Its trimmings consisted of a bow clasped |
by a paste buckle and a bunch of white- !
edged, dark bluish-green quills.
A very handsome brunette was gazed
upon with unfeigned admiration when i
she appeared in a princess dress of dark I
cray cloth, relieved by insertions of white |
cloth under black braiding. Her gray felt {
hat had a band of black ribbon and two erect j
seagulls' wings; indeed, seagulls and their :
wings are being very extensively used by
the most fashionable of milliners at the I
present moment. Another princess gown
was worn by a sweet-faced young Rirl with
a mass of flaxen hair, a delicato color and
a truly lovely complexion. It was of a i
light blue woolen fabric with tabs and <
rimmings of black velvet. The yoke was
| of a green silk covered with guipure lace.
j Over the brim of her black chip hat fell a
festoon of yellowish and very fine old lace,
shading a lining of pink miroir velvet.
i La France roses and a black bird of para
| disc plume adorned the crown.
Not long ago a well-known and beauti
ful actress appeared at a garden party
n an exquisite frock of pale gray crepe de j
chine most beautifully embroidered in
green and pink sequins. The sleeves were
of pale pink tulle a la mousquetaire, and
the ceinture and sash of pink glace shot
with gray. Her hat of pink rosebuds
had a great ruche of gray tulle and many
green leaves nestled among the roses.
The shoes worn were gray suede in the
same shade as the gloves. A parasol of
pink glace covered with gray tulle, em
broidered wiih pink roses, completed this
costume.
It is an established fact that prince? 3
gowns are to be among the modes all this
winter. One of our best-gowned social
leaders will be a picture in such a dress,
which she has ordered to be made of
black velvet, with a front of white satin
covered with mousseline de toie, in which
siiver paillettes glisten and the velvet is
also to be embroidered with similar pail
lettes in an artistic but irregular pattern.
The froni trimming on the low bodice
will be extremely effective, as the en
crusted silver paillettes overlap each
other. The small elbow sleeves of black
velvet are beautifully embroidered with
the paillettes; a small rucheof the mousse
line gives them a pretty finish.
A bride has in her trousseau an evening
gown of white moire with a rich pattern
of flame-colored orchids and dull green
leaves. The skirt is made very full, lined
with silk matching the poppies. Within
eighteen inches of the bottom is a broad
band of sequin embroidery, in which
all the colors of this beautiful gown
are exquisitely blended, ihe low bodice
is cut square, is of the moire, the stom
acher is of the sequins and the sleeves of
mousseline of a flame color; sequins also
appear on them.
Moire is to be much worn, so I must re
late that at a large ball another one of
white moire will be seen. This one has a
broad band of silver and turquoise em
broidery around the hem. The low
bodice is draped with mousseline de soie,
which is covered with silvery threads and
turquoises. A Jong sash of the moire falls
to the bottom of the skirt, the ends of
which are daintily embroidered in the
blue and silver. Pink roses are to be worn
with this most fetching frock, the sleeves
of which are mere bands of embroidered
mousseline laid over moire. The moire
slippers are to have tiny buckles of tur
quoises set in silver.
Some of the novelties for the coming
season are delightful chines on cream
grounds, with tucked stripes. Moire is
well to the fore, and in colored silks moire
effects appear on all sides. Chameleon
mixtures find a place in the new mignon
ette silks, covered with tiny specks, like
the sweet-scented bloom. These are effect
ive in such mixtures as green, peach and
brown. All the new fancy moires are par
ticularly bright, and the old moire antique
is greatly in demand. For ball wear there
are pink and blue moires with close set
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
threads of silver, while old ladies are
wearing armure royales. Everything
points to the employment of bright colors,
a great variety of patterns, and a multi
tude of styles in dress and mantle makinsr.
The salient novelty in the coming au- '
tuniu iv woolen materials is the boucle
surface, this effect being generally pro
duced in black or such color as a rich vio
let, peach-blue, verging on cornflower and
deep reds.
Lovely and chic are the white silk al
pacas with printed flowers upon them.
Nearly every fashionable woman will
possess one ere long, and the most besuti
ful creamy white moires and poplins will
be worn with pretty light waists on numer-
ous occasion?, as black skirts are so de
cidedly de mode with light waists. The
best dressed women wear them no longer,
and when poplin or moire at $3 per yard
sejm rather extravagant, mohair or alpaca
of the linest weaves may be employed
instead, as, when made over white glace,
they are certainly satisfactory. However,
1 cannot cay that they clean as well as the
other fabrics, and this must be taken into
consideration, for white soils so very
quickly, and once anything loses its first
freshness its charm is gone.
w t-dgwood buttons mounted on silver
are the dernier cri in Europe.
Marcella.
WKvj Fictiorv
Jlolds the
JJeadirxg World
The past twenty-five years have seen a
marked change in the literary taste of
people of culture throughout the world.
Where book-loving men and women
used to read poetry and essays and only
now and then a ereat novel held public at
tention for a day, fiction ana nature study
reign supreme. We still Tead verse, if it
be brought to the ultimate attention of
symbolism, but we avoid long poems end
the essays in meter that were once so pop
ular, and only nere and there do we
find a reader of the old school sitting
down to the leisurely perusal of essays.
Books of out-of-door life, books of fiction,
make up nearly the whole of our modern
literature and next in order of popularity
may be placed biography.
"Wliv is this? Why are two branches of
iiterature apparently so widely separated
as popular science and fiction simultane
ously engaging public attention?
When Mme. de Stael said that she
would not cross a room to behold the
most beautiful view in the world, but
would cross an ocean to talk with a clever
man, she expressed the attitude of her age
toward humanity and toward nature. The
one was patronized and condescended to;
the other was only of interest as he was
clever or prominent. To-day nature is
to us a book of wondrous interest, while
as for man it suffices lor our interest that
he is human. "For is he not a man and a
brother?"
There was never a time when so many
books about natural objects were being
made and read. The field where once
Thoreau wandered, a solitary, unique
figure, is now the literary background
of a group of writers whom the world
reads with delight. John Burroughs, Jef
freys, Olive Thorne - Miller, Maurice
Thompson, Dr. Conrad>nd our own John
Muir have delighted thousands, and other
writers are daily joining this goodly com
pany.
As for fiction, there is really something
bewildering in this making of many
books. Fiction comes pouring la a steady
stream from the presses of the world.
Every possible human emotion, every
phase of human thought, every manifes
tation of human activity, is being ex
ploited as never before in the history of
the world.
Nor was there ever more vigorous work
produced than is being done to-day.
Despite the cry of decadence and dilet
tantism, of corruption and feebleness.
Wholesome Exercise for the *
Womerv Who Do HouseWork
Conservativia took me to task the other
day.
"All this talk about physical culture and
development of muscles is mere fuss and
nonsense," she said. "I am tired to death
of the athletic girl, the walking pirl and
the talking girJ. I cannot swing Indian
clubs, or fence, or bike, but I can sweep
and clean, wash, iron, take and brew, and
beat your athletic girl at any one of them
on a lair trial. I get as much exercise as
she, and the work is of practical value."
1 looked at Conservativia as she lay on
the lounge. I knew she spoke truth. Con- !
servativia is a famous housekeeper. Her
home is the pinK of perfection. Her win
dows glisten in the sunshine. Her polished
floor never shows a speck ot dust. Her
walls are immaculate. I have seen her
wash her dustpan.'
But 1 found out, Jong ago, that Con
servativia is nearly always tired. She is
thin and pale, and the suffers from in
digestion. She once went with me on a
tramp, with disastrous result?, but I did
not remind her of this. I only said, as I
tossed ncr another cushion, "You look
tired."
"Yes," she replied, wadding up the
cushion and thrusting it into a position
where it propped her right shoulder for
ward. "But I have found fatigue an in
evitable result of muscular exertion. I
suppose the athletic girl gets tired, now
and then. I confess I am unable to be
lieve that your boasted physical culture is
any more useful than good, old-fashioned
housework."
I have heard this sort of thing before.
There is an idea prevailing among men
and women that housework forms an all
sufficient exercise, if only woman would
attempt it.
As a matter of fact, according to statis
tics, 75 per cent of the women of the
United States do their own housework.
If this occupation were all the exercise
they need we might expect to find them
strong, alert, splendid specimens of physi
cal womanhood, but he would be a daring
man who ventured to assert that 75 per
cent of onr American women are even
fairly well developed, physically. They
matte a poor showing as compared with
their English and German sisters, who
have tne training that the gymnasium or
active oat-of-door exercise can give.
So far from being a tlioroueh system of
physical exercise, housework alone pro
duces more serious ill-development of the
body than almost any other occupation
except farm labor.
Sweeping, scrubbing, dusting, the wip
ing of walls, the cleaning of windows, the
family washing, strengthen, harden and
develop the muscles of the back and arms,
but they do not develop tlie chest, or
promote uprightness of carriage. Sweep
ing, in fact, contracts the chest brings
undue strain upon the back and develops
the right side at the expense of the left.
This last objection is a very serious one,
yet the woman who allowed herself to
sweep "left-handed" would be laughed at
and disapproved of by her fellow house
keepers almost as thoroughly as the pro
verbial crowing hen has always been sup
posed to be in the poultry-yard. Who
ever sweeps for an hour should afterward
heard on every side, the end of this cen
tury is being characterized by greater
artistic virility, by an altogether higher
creative reach, than we who are in the
midst of it can rightly estimate.
Our modern fiction differs from the old
in being a study of life rather than of art.
It concerns itself, primarily and finally,
with the effort to read "the painful riddle
of the earth," and an honest if somewhat
mistaken effort to study humanity Blong
wholly natural lines. "Can man by search
ing find out man?" is its question, which
Hedonists are setting themselves to an
swer. Along true lines or false, our
modern fiction's consideration of human
life is entirely serious. It is a study which
has its justification deep in the nature of
things. Nature, life itself, is a constant
earnest study of and running commentary
upon itself. We can have no great and
varjpus study of any series of phenomena
take fifteen minutes of vigorous chest
raising exercise, including deep breathing
movements to relieve the strained back
muscles and clear the lungs of carpet
dust.
Nearly all our manual employment is
open to the charge of developing us un
syruroetrically. The'right arm is stronger
than the left. The right leg takes a
longer stride than the left one. The right
shoulder is more rounded; the right hip
more prominent. Only the left foot is
larger than the right; this because of the
greater weight it constantly bears during
the superior activities of the right side of
the body.
The ordinary tasks of housekeeping,
while not furnishing in themselves suffi
cient exercise to build up the body, are
yet not enough to overtask an ojdinarily
well woman. The trouble is that most of
our women are not ordinarily well. They
go about their work in close rooms. Their
employments are such as reauire much
bending over, as well as being of a nature
to keep only a few muscles In active use.
But even if there is an occasional accumu
lation of dust on polished floors, if the
windows show where our Sap. Francisco
fog has laid salty fingers, and the dust
pan goes scot-free of sapolio. every
woman who spends six or seven hours or
less in the household rounds should take
time for fifteen or twenty minutes t>f
countera2tive drill.
It is quite wonderful what even so short
a time as this will do toward developing
the body in such fashion that such
fatigue as most women feel shall no longer
be "an inevitable result" of ordinary
household work.
"There is no kind of achievement you
can make in the world," says Carlyle,
"that equals perf ct health," and an hour
each week rationally employed in physi
cal culture will go far toward helping
most women to attain this desirable end.
Physical training should begin in the
schools and be a part of the child's daily,
unconscious, steady development. This,
however, is a truth too recently become
patent for most of us women to have been
profited by, so we must take ourselves as
we are, and do the best we can by our
selves to overcome difficulties.
I have spoken of the necessity for cbest
development. A glance at any assembly
of women, almost— to onr shame be it said
—at any assembly of young girls, will re-
Teal the greatness of this necessity. Of
the latter class I shall have more to say at
some future time, but at present I am
writing for the large army of women who
do housework.
Some have not, as a rule, access to a
gymnasium, nor have they the time to at
tend upon one. Generally, too, they
would not visit one could they do so. But
there are certain simple exercises with
which any woman can help herself greatly,
and develop surprising results, in the
course of a few months. One of these ii
the exercise I recommended recently for
strengthening the hands. Stand a foot or
two from the wall, press the hands against
it, well apart, and lean forward until, with
the head thrown well back, the chin
touches the wall. Do this rour or five
times on rising in the morning and repeat
in human experience without direct re
sulting benefit. This explains somewhat
why the makers of our modern literature
are but obeying the genius of the age
when they put that which they would
have us undei stand in the garb of fiction.
Consciously or unconsciously, we best get
sight and knowledge through this me
dium and come thus to our best under
standing of any sympathy with our. kind.
j It is true in literature as in painting, that
which Browning makes Fra Lippo Lippi
say:
We're so made that we love
First when we see them painted, things we have
passed
Perhaps a hundred times, nor cared to see.
" • • • Art was given for that;
i God uses as to help each other so,
j Lending our minds out.
Nothing, for instance, is doing more to
bring about National unity and a recog
nition of race ties in this country than
what is called the local fiction which so
many American writers are producing to
day. There is not at present in this coun
try the field from which to draw material
for a great novel. Our problems are not
yet formulated. Our deepest questions
are still individual rather than National,
and we have no "types" in the true sense
of the word. It would not be possible, in
the present stage of our development, to
write a story of American life with any
very wide range of application.
T here are among us no crystallized forms
i that any great number of people would j
| repard as typical. What we are wont to
' call types are really characteristics, not
having sufficient coherency for sustained
purpose in fiction. This fact is in itself
exceedingly interesting. The character
study that is such a pronounced feature
of American fiction is worthy to rank as a
phase of art It is, in fact, the most dis
tinctive phase of our literary art, and finds
its best exposition in the short story, of
which American writers are masters. It
cannot be called characteristically Ameri
can, this character-study fiction of New
England, of the South, of the Middle
West and of the Pacific Slope. Nor has it,
thus, far, given us anythine really great
or lasting. Through it, however, it is very
largely that a characteristic National
literature is to be accomplished. It is j
unifying our National life by deepening
and unifying the National interest and
I sympathy. It is painting us pictures that
cannot but enlarge our unde^tanding of
and quicken our sympathies with the com
posite factors of this Nation.
The hard, barren tragedies of New
England rural life; the fervid, yearning,
hungry lives of the Southern mountain- I
eers; the simple, sunny, helpless archaism
of life amon^ the Louisiana Creoles, the
bitter, sordid toil, the intellectual and
spiritual aopirations rounding existence's
span on the great prairies, the strange,
fascinating, viyid characteristics of the
Pacific Coast, have come to seem very real
to us and we have been brought into a
realization of a common life, a common
aim, though the local literature that has
touched us into fellowship with it all. It
is not the knowledge of external condi
tion, the hardness, the toil, the bitterness,
the Helplessness, that has done this, but
the tracing of the common hope, the com
mon striving and the common need,
through it all, shared by oui National
| brotherhood.
What appears to an alien merely as
picturesque or interesting is to us vitally
moving, quickening us to love and ra
procbement with our own blood kin. In
its vital humanity it is full of hope and
promise for that coming American litera
ture of which it is the forerunner.
the exercise at intervals through the day.
Stand erect, with the heels together and
the weight on the balls of the feet. To
get just the right position walk backward
a few steps and then stop. You will find
yourself in the normal standing position.
This walking backward, let me remark in
passing, is capital training for those who
wish to walk forward gracefully. Now,
standing erect, let your hands come to
your sides, the elbows straight and the
palms forward, the little tinkers touching
the thighs. Keep the elbows straight and
the body as still as possible, raise the
hands straight out from the sides and up
ward until the tips of your thumbs meet
above your head. They will probably
hunt wildly ior each other in midair the
first few times of trying, but the sense of
locality will soon develop in your muscles
and you will be able to move them with a
very delicate accuracy. You will find even
this newly acquired muscular intelligence,
if one may use such a term, of value to
you.
Ido not think we half appreciate the
extent of delicate perception to which we
might train our bodies, by a little taking
thought, making them more perfect in
struments for the use of the spirit within,
often dumb for lack of co-operation on
| the part of these unresponsive tissues
j through which iis message must be given
or else be hidden. Repeat the raising o
your bands as described until the muscles
are a little tired, but never push any such
exercises to the point of fatigue. Best a
moment, then, standing as before, extend
the arms, palms stili forward, as far out
ward and backward as possible. Now you
will have a chance to discover what sweep
ing, dusting, stooping and all the rest
i have done for the muscles of your back
and shoulders. You will find your chest
bound and your shoulders drawn forward
j by too-long contracted muscles, while the
muscle: of the back, habitually extended,
have lost much of their power to contract,
la other words, you are round-shouldered,
| partly from the nature of the principal
forms of exercise you have taken, partly
as a result of your own carelessness. But
persevere in your exercises for cheat ex
I pansion.
Practice deep breathing after the man
ner recommended a few weeks ago.
Maintain yourself as nearly erect as pos
sible as you go about your work, and hold
! the head up. There is a moral as well as
a physical use in this last exercise. It is
the normal attitude of the human creature.
j If the head is held properly, the body is
| sure to be. The mere lifting of the head
is often enough to lighten depression and
muscular weariness and bring about a
mental poise which is almost certain to
read upon the body. Like all other facts
| in psycho-physics, this one may be pushed
to the extreme of literal interpretation,
and thus made to do mischief, but there is
enough truth in it to make it, when ration
ally applied, a useful factor in physica
culture.
I am aware that the hints given in this
paper will seem to many too simple to be
worthy of attention, but their very
simplicity, when the results they are able
to accomplish are considered, mates them
all the more desirable.
Penelope Powelson.
FOR MEN
Jailors NoW Make
Suits to j"lai\g
Loosely
The colored shirt will be worn all this
winter, but will not be as flamboyant as in
other seasons. "Him' : remarks concern
ing such shirts:
It is very usetul and I think it is most artistic
for morning wear. One needs, however, a bit
of variation from the strict sketches In black
and white. The fashions for the seasons to
come point to either the solid color in dark
blues, drabs or lavenders, or again the sprigged
ana figured white, which always has a neat ef
fect. Englishmen carry the wearing of colored
shirts to a point a little beyond the rules of eti
quette, especially when in this country. They
regard us as the colonies and the upper mid
dle class has a mistaken notion of our igno
rance and they believe that we will accept
anything.
This authority comments on the Jact
j that on the Thames the many-hued blazer
is as conspicuous as that unbecoming
Cummerhred, and adds that "even in the
very hot season which the United States
has suffered 1 did not see a single individ
ual decked out in this style. We are more
partial to the straw hat, and our straws
are in much better form than those one
sees in England."
Many Americans who have had suits
built for them in London have complained
that th*ey fitted and hung too loosely, but
now the best tailors in America are adopt
ing this style, with modifications, the re
sults being excellent, especially for large
and big- jointed men.
Concerning sack coats, they have three
buttons, are single-breasted and round
away gradually in front. Coats from Lon
f don have even the flaps of the pockets
I rounded. The coat is as nearly straight
as possible, and the shoulders must be
square. Tho trousers for such suits are
loose and straight at the top avd taper
toward the foot. It is said:
Fancy trousers, which are worn with bUck
frock coats, arc made ol cashmere. The pat
terns are in stripes, in dark grays and blues. I
have seen a number of black and white plaids
I and a fow checks, but the stripe remains in
I favor. The trousers are cut about 19}^ in the
j knee and 18 bottom. They are wide, but have
I no spring.
Ditto trousers of cheviots and tweeds and
shepherds' plaids, to be worn with coat of
same color and material, for morning suits,
are cut perhaps a little wider.
Knickers are made very full and baggy at
the knee, and without the leather extensions
I with which they were formerly arranged.
The cold morning bath has entirely
out of fashion, even in England, as the
leading physicians are frowning upon it,
declaring that it has a tendency to shatter
the nerves. So instead the warm bath,
which has a soothing effect on the nervous
system, is being prescribed.
It is reported that we will have to pur
chase all our golf stockings in future, our
sisters, cousins, etc., beine too busy knit
ting their own to bestow any more on us.
C. C.
HEW to-dat:
Clina at Half Price!
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday only,
150 Dozen Fine Thin . Hand-decorated
China Teacups and Saucers, regularly 35,
40 and 50 cents, go at 20 CENTS.
175 dozen &j*^\_
China Butter |**% J
Plates, deco- /.^ W
rated in colors %* y*.
and gold, reg- £ {Pr^li*/*^
ularly 60c, go '&. ffP^lfA /
at 30c per y&J'l '1 V •«.
doz?n. "t NLJ // '^
65 pair Suear <&£>~[]~ m 'k-
Bowls and 1 //
Cream Pitch- X ~N^r»^ ' : >
er?, regularly >— Mi»v\ V\\
65c, go at 35c p^jLJt**^*s\\
per pair. • : F\. s v' vr'w
125 Cream. ]>^ y \^- J&~*
Pitcher?, reg- *«d y^ "y W^*'
ularly 20c and f« 1 T»li 7 lyT ■
25c. go at 10c c~\ I. / U'*
Cticn. • * •
THAT BIG CHINA STORE — r.
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva's.
WANQENHBIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
&7^for4 ROOMS
%P M %J CONSISTING OF
FtrnNITURE
PARLOR.BEDROOMJDINIHC-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS. \v..-
Tapestry Brussels, per yard SO Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard *5 Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
! Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces 825 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror B£s OU
T. BRILLIANT,-
I 410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Tour-Room Catalogues Mailed Free.
(£7* Free Packing and DeliTery ac»H tie Bar* < : ■ ■._[ l\' •
/•' c jKijp'^V^'' 1 * '.) makes the whole am- o
''"fevfy?\Stt^-$\ ily happy. Send five 9
a £is£jfctr-£~^w%Ml two-cent stamps for X
faff A ./ Womankind three 6
(Bmi' Mm «^R ' months and receive 9
'wfc JIiWK? free the "Woman- 6
%4r^trSff?^^i kind Cook Book, filled 6
. — _** with tested recipes ?
A of practical housekeepers. You'll like A
9 the paper. It's able, bright and clean. 0
9 Address, WOMANKIND, 9
X mention this paper. Springfield, Ohio. X
6<HKK>o<><>o<>o<K>o<>oo<>OC-C-00000
T> EMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEO-
XX tricity at *1 a sitting; first sitting free na
scars left; moles, warts, etc.. also removed.
GREAT BARGAINS
— -^_ —__——__ WARE
, FOR DSCORATINQ
B. B. CHUItCH, 307 bansome til., Koom 1.
-,-■■•
2930
THE
STAGE
By all means see "On the Bowery." It
has become quite the rage to go, and you
will get a number of priceless suggestions
from the hero of the piece and his satel- j
lites. For instance, you will learn all
about the interior workings of a low
saloon, besides getting valuable tips upon
the newest and most approved way of
slinsing drinks around. You will also find
out liow to rush the growler without put
ting up the dough. It is not Brodie who
achieves this latter feat. A man all tat
tered and torn who frequents his saloon is
the individual who gives you pointers on
tbe gentle art ol boodling the bartender.
Even this accomplished gentleman's an
tics pale, however, before those of Brodie
himself. Ke is a triumph of realism. Steve
has no more idea of acting than an alli
gator has of playing the pianoforte, but
the way in which he serves drinks— ah!
there's realism for you. "Tbe great
Elenora Duse does not act the part of
Marguerite Gauthier in 'La Dame aux
Cameiias,' she is Marguerite," says a cele
brated German critic; and Brodio, the
Brodie beloved of the Bowery, he does not
act the role of a bartender, he is a bartender.
Environed by the familiar 3urroundings of
his own saloon he dispenses beer with a
realistic fidelity to life which is higher art
ttian mere acting. If Brodie slung round
lagers with melodramatic intensity, or
dispensed frothing schooners of "two for
five cents" with pensive sentimentality,
how flagrantly he would be transgressing
all the traditions of Bowery barrooms!
But words fail in describing the beautiful
simplicity and naturalness of Brodie's bar
tending. There were old topers last week
who were moved to tears by his work, par
ticularly when they saw that. the beer he
dispensed was real. "Whatever his de
tractors may say, they cannot deny that
Brodie is a realist who has lived his part,
and lives it again before the audience. Fin
de siecle art is realistic. If we cannot
have Duse and Nethersole, who are real
ists, and do not appreciate Mansfield, who
is also a realist, by all means let us keep
In the swim by going in our thousands to
see Brodie.
"On the Bowery" is a "go" in this
City, and to preach against it would be
worse than useless. To tell the truth
about the play, however, it is a dull, ridicu
lous melodrama, innocent of dramatic con
struction and bearing all through it the
hall mark, "Written to display Brodie."
About its only real interest lies in watch
ing Bowery toughs consume beer in a
Bowery barroom, and the scenic embel
lishments of the piece are far below
those usually supplied at the local home
of melodrama. The author has eked out
his lack of invention by leaving spaces
for specialties ad lib. The third act is
nothin- but specialties, concluding with
a vision of Brodie fighting his way
through the property railings of a prop
erty Brooklyn bridge. Most of the
specialties are clever, but they are
seasoned with allusions which recall the
song —
They say such tilings
And they do such things
On the Bowery.
And some of those specialties are enough
to make you vow "I'll never go there any
more."
To-night we are to see the most success
ful opera produced during the last three
years. The story o! how it came to be
written reads like an invention of Ben
jamin Trovato; but it is true, neverthe
less. Humperdinck, who had been chorus
master at Bayreuth in Wagner's time, was
supposed to be a promising young musi
cian; but his first youth was passing, and
still he had produced nothing of any con
sequence. He happened to have a whole |
brood of nephews and nice nieces, to |
whom he was especially devoted, and I
when their mother, Frau Adelheid Wette.
tol<l him that she wanted tbe dear chil
dren to perform a little operetta for which
she had writlen the libretto Humuerdinck
readily offered to put it to music. "Han
sel and Gretel" was the fairy tale which
Frau Wette had ciiosen, ana the uncle not
only wrote the mu<ic but taught the
children to sing it for Christmas.
There were several musicians present at
the performance, and the peculiar beauty
of the themes and their skillful Wagnerian
treatment struck their fancy so strongly
that they begged Humperdinck to show
his "Hansel and Gretel" to some opera
house conductor. He took it to Levy of
the Hof Theater at Munich, and that cele
brated Wagnerian considered the work
beautiful enough to be produced in his
great theater. It goes without saying that
numberless wi«eacres were inexpressibly
shocked at the Hof Theater stooping to
play a little fairy opera, but the result
justified Levy's judgment. "Hansel and
Gretel" was the greatest success which
has been seen in Munich ior years. Other
German theaters took it up; then it began
a triumphal tour of Austria, and by the
time the next Christmas had come round
the little opera played by Frau Wette's
children was being given in the Imperial
Opera-bouse, under the patronage of the
Empress, as a Christmas treat to the chil
dren of Vienna.
"Hansel and Gretel" next spread to
England, where the critics said it was
absurd to expect adults to interest them
selves in seeing a prima donna eat chunks
out of a gingerbread house. They were
mistaken, however; children and adults
took an equal interest in the adventures of
Hansel and Gretel, and the opera made
more money than all the other works of
the Carl Rosa repertory put together. In
New York the mistake was made of put
ting it on with inferior artists, but even
there musicians went into raptures over
the beauty of the score. It is to be hoped
that the new singers at the Tivoli to-night
will give the work the nnished perform
ance that it deserves. This will be its
first performance west of Chicago.
The Orpneum has a little cherub who
sits up aloft and takes up the refrains of
singers on the stage. While the cherub is
singing every other sound is hushed ex
cept a pianissimo accompaniment of the
orchestra. It was quite touching last
week to see the joy with which one of the
ladies of the Vas*ar Quartet stood and
smiled while the cherub echoed her son-.
Every member of the audience also turned
round and beamed up at the cherub in the
gallery. Of course no one would growl at
the Orpheum getting a little boy to lift up
his voice and thereby encourage choral
singing on the part of the audience, but it
might be suggested that the management
should try to secure a cherub who can
sing in tune.
BALDWIN THEATER.
"lime. Sans Gene" will begin its last
week at the Baldwin Theater to-morrow
night, after which it will go for a tour of
the coast.
"The Prisoner of Zenda" will come to
I the Baldwin on Monday, October 5, direct
i from the Lyceum Theater, where its sue
! cess was great. The company to present
the play will be headed by James Hackett
I and Isabel Irving. "The Prisoner of
I Zenda" is a romantic play, in a prologue
and four acts, ana is founded upon An
thony Hope's famous novel. Edward
Rose dramatized the play. The play ifl a
very romantic one, and serves to bring
out some strong characters. All the
scenery, costumes, etc., will be sent here
from the Lyceum Theater, where they
were great factors in the success of the
production.
CALIFORNIA J^Ey\JE^.
The box-office receipts for "On the
| Bowery," at the California Theater this
| week, have been eminently satisfactory to
j Steve Brodie and his colleagues. The
play begins its last week to-morrow and
there is every indication that its prosper
ity will continue. '-The "King" of the
Bowery may be rejected elsewhere, but
Steve can go away rejoicing in the fact
that in San Francisco he has met with a
right royal reception.
GOLUMBiy\ JHEy\TER.
The management predicts that the Co
lumbia Theater will resound with laugh
ter to-morrow night, when "The Matrimo
nial Maze" will be produced by the Fraw
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
leyJCompany. The comedy, which is by
Walter S. Craven, will be played for the
first time in this City.
The story tell? tbe tale of two young
men still in the charge of a tutor who are
married secretly without ttie uaternal
blessing. The fathers o! the youthful
benedicts happen to be widowers, and
they, too, are contemplating matrimony,
each with his respective housekeeper. The
widowers arrange that their sons shall
marry the housekeeper!* daughters, for
both ladies are widows, and from this con
dition of things a number of complications
ensue. Tiie two young wives are thrown
upon the care of a guileless tutor, who has
to bear the brunt of every one's misdoings
and whose woes form a large part of the
fun of the comedy.
The caßt will include most of the mem-
bers of the Frawley Company, two of
whom were members of the original cast.
Harry Corsen Clarke is said to have made
a hit as the professor when "The Matri
monial Maze" was first produced, and
Miss Madge Carr Cook was also praised for
her work as one of the housekeepers.
QJty\ND Ofip^-HOUSE.
Henry C. de Mille's railroad comedy
drama, "The Danger Signal," will be this
week's attraction at the Grand.
The action of the play takes place at
Laramie Bend, a lovely railroad station in
the heart of the Rockies. Miss Lottie
Williams, as the "Flower of Laramie
Bend," is loved by a handsome young
brakeman (Mortimer Snow), but she is
smitten with the charms of a conscience
less army officer, and a good deal of the
interest in the play center* in the brake
man's humble but honest efforts to save
her from the officer's perfidious wiles.
A number of realistic scenes occur dur
ing the progress of the play.
A "cannon- ball" express train of six
cars dashes across the stage, occupying
just five seconds in the passage. A great
rotatory snowplow clears a passage
through heavy drifts. A freight train is
"made up" in view of the audience and
real telegraph instruments tick moment
ous messages at critical periods. The
play, however, does not depend entirely
on its scenic effects for success. The
author has shown his powers of construc
tion in the assistance he has rendered in
such plays as "The Charity Ball," "The
Wife, 1 ' etc His railroad drama was
played at the California Theater four
years ago. '
y\LCAZ/\R THE/\JER.
To-morrow night the Alcazar Theater
will revive "Ours," a military corned}' by
T. W. Robertson, which was a favorite I
years ago with the late Lester Wai lack.
"Ours" is a bright, interesting play, wjiich
will have all the charm of novelty to a
good many endof-the-century theater
goers. Its incidents are supposed to occur
forty years ago, uuring the Crimean War,
when England was sending her troops to
take Sebastopol and keep the Russians
from dominating the Black Sea.
Among those ordered to the front is Sir
Alexander Shendryn, a punctilious officer
of the old school, whose wife scarcely ap
preciates him at his worth. Unknown to
her Sir Alexander has assisted her brother,
who has committed the crime of forgery.
On the eve of nis departure for the Crimea
Sir Alexander receives a letter regarding
his transactions with the misguided young
man. Lady Shendryn desires to read it.
and when her husband refuses her request
she becomes jealous and parts from
him in a painful scene. Later she joins
him In the Crimea and learns of bis gen
erosity, after which all is forgiven and for
gotten. Around this central story several
minor plots revolve.
Spectacular effects are promised in seve
ral scenes, particularly in the parade
scene, when the troops pass on their way
to the front, and in the Crimean scene
before Sebastopol.
fJ JHE JIVOLI.
Humperdinck's famous fairy opera,
"Hansel and Gretei," will be performed
for the first time in this City at the Tivoli
to-night. The music, which is extremely
musicianly in character, has been de
scribed as "Wagner made easy," and the
libretto is based on one of the ! stories in
Grimm's Goblins, all of which . are dear
to children. Adults will also retain a rec
ollection of "Hansel and Gretei" as the
fairy tale in which two children lose their
way in the woods and meet with numer
ous adventures, including being taken
prisoner by a terrible old witch, who wants
to bake them in an oven. .... .
An orchestral prelude precedes each act
of "Hansel and Gretel." Joseph Hirsch
bach will conduct. Several new vocalists
will appear in the opera. The. cast is as
follows: Frl. Mathilde Wilde, who will
sing the witch; May Tunison, Hansel;
Miss Ella Prankard, Gretel; Miss Zophiel
Worth; the mother; W. H. West, the
father; Miss Katberine Kreg, the sand
man and dewman.
After the run of "Hansel and Gretel"
the grand opera company will return from
Los Angeles and perform "Aida."
■ AT THE ORPHEUM.
A startling feature is promised at . the
Orpheum this week in the shape of Abdul
lah, an acrobat whom the management
declares to be the champion high-wire per
former of the world. On the same author
ityit is stated that Hammerstein would
not keep Abdullah at his Olympia because
he was afraid of having a dead Arab on his
bands. Gustav Walter says he is willing
to take chances.
Another new feature of this w«ek's bill
will be Mile. Alma, who performs acro
batic feats on a revolving globe to the ac
companiment of colored light effects. Lew
Hawkins, the old-time negro minstrel, will
appear in a monologue containing plenty
of localisms and parodies, and among the
hold-overs will be Filson and Errol in
their sketch, "Men versus Women"; the
Vassar Quartet, with new songs; "Peer
less" Marzuerite, the little contortion
dancer, and Ferguson and Mack. Bell
man and Moore will also remain for one
week more, after which they go to Aus
tralia.
AJ THE CHUTES.
The pleasant weather during the weeK
has aided the enterprise displayed by the
chute management, and the Haight
street grounds have been well patronized
every, afternoon and evening. . No more
pleasant place for passing a couple of
hours in various forms of divertisement
can be imagined.
The new attractions in the casino . are
clever. Queena de Rein, a very pre
possessing soubrette from Koster & Bial's,
has a number of new songs; and Belle
Kirby, the "queen of sword- walkers,"
walks with her bare feet on a ladder of
sabers sharpened to such a degree that
they can cut paper. Two youne ladies
ride a mile bicycle race on the stage, and
a juggler and the funny little Japanese
acrobats complete the bill. >
This afternoon at half- past 4 and every
evening at 10 o'clock Antonio Pirri, the
Milanese bicyclist, will shoot down the
chutes on his wheel and land in the lake.
The great scenic railway, chutes, haunted
swing, trolley, hall of illusions, merry-go
round and other features are constantly
in operation, and the Haight-street
grounds will be open to-day from 10
o'clock in the morning until 11 at night.
y\ Jtavtel Entertainment
Frank Lincoln, the celebrated humorist,
who is said to be the successor of Artemus
Ward, has returned after a five years' pro
fessional tour of the world. During that
time he has appeared before rulers,
nrinces, governors, etc., and has visited
every quarter of the globe. In every place
his entertainment has drawn crowded
houses, and has been hailed as an absolute
noveity. :' ; ;
Frank Lincoln will give an entertain
ment next Friday evening at the Associa
tion Auditorium, and a very attractive
programme is promised.
MAY IRWIN'S FEAT.
She Has Been Jeachmg JJegro
Minstrelsy to NeWport ;
Society.
May Irwin has eclipsed Mageie Cline.
The Cline has bad the honor of singing at
the dinners of Senator Calvin S. Brice at
Newport and recently Miss Irwin was en
gaged to follow her there. So long as it
was a contest between "Trow Him Down
McClosky" and "The New Bully" Miss
Cline might be expected to hold her own,
but Miss Irwin was invited to teach the
guests to take part in a sort of minstrel
{ performance, namely the refrain to the
song:
One, tw6, three— shift.
Be good, be good, my father said,
Though th* road be rough and stormy,
Some day you may be President,
Or a general in the army.
Tne following account of the result is
taken from a voracious and perhaps vera
cious fashion column:
"Miss Irwin readily consented and or
dered that all the ladies and gentlemen
should sit with their legs crossed, each
beating time with the boot until, at the
words 'One, two, three— shift,' the legs
i were to be uncrossed and recrossed ttie
other way, time then to be beaten with the
j other boot. Among Miss Irwin's pupils
I were Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Belmont, Mr.
j and Mr.-. Herman Oelrichs, Miss Virginia
Fair, Mr. and Mrs. Blisha Dwyer Jr., Dun
can Elliott, James J. Van Alen and a
dozen other heavy swells. They caught
and carried the song very well, but bad
i great trouble with crossing and recrossing
' their legs and keeping time with their
i leet. It is said that Van Alen gave more
| trouble to the instructress than all the
! others combined, because he not only got
I his legs tangled up in the numerous
' changes, but insisted on transferring his j
i monocle from one eye to the other every,
time the order came, 'One, two, three —
shift.' "
PJ?/\GTIGAL SUQQESTIONS.
Philip Hale of Boston proposes a con
vention of music editors of the various
papers for the purpose of considering
several important topics, namely, the
treatment and extermination of press
I agents; permission to leave stupid con
i certs before 9 o'clock; release irom hear
ing the Waldstein sonata and Pastoral sym
phony oftener than once a year; the defec
tive state of musical terminology ; personal
beauty as a lack of excuse for a shrieking,
off the pitch voice; suppression of society
reporters' gush over bad singers who have
got into society and are petted ; raising of
salaries. . '
• PLAYS y\ND PLAYERS.
Otis Skinner will appear at the Baldwin
early next year.
Gossip has it that A. M. Palmer is reorganiz
ing a clock company.
The Frawley company will remain only
three more weeks at the Columbia Theater,
after which the Australian company will play
"Trilby" for a fortnight.
Nellie McHenry has once more begun her
annual season, but her play Is said to be not
much of a "go." ;• ;-.;•
Richard Mansfield is rehearsing "Hamlet."
The eccentricities of the Dame should fit the
eccentric actor perfectly.
The republic of Guatemala has appropriated
$106,000 for a bull-fight, a Spanish opera com
pany and an American vaudeville company
during its world's lair, to be held in February.
The play proper of "The Prisoner of Zenda"
is supposed to take place in the year 1894, 161
years after the period in which the prologue
holds forth.
"What is the matter with Jenkins of late?
He seems worried." "Stage fright." "Why,
1 didn't know he was ever on the stage." "Hia
wife is developing into a society amateur."
The Holland brothers will begin their tour
to the coast next month. They have decided
to . produce "A Social Highwayman" among
their other plays.
L. R. Stockwell, Victory Bateman and Her
bert Kyle. This strong combination is what
Walter Morosco has drawn to the Grand Opera
house to open in "Mr. Potter of Texas" on Mon
day, September 21.
The Pacific Coast Travelers' Association has
arranged with the management of the Colum
bia Theater and Mr. Frawley for its annual
benefit to take place during New Year's week.
Francis Wilson's new opera, "Half a King,"
which is to open the Knickerbocker Theater
to-morrow, owes its title to one-half of a play
ing-card, the king oi diamonds, which had
been attached to a foundling's clothing. It
leads to the identification of the child as the
daughter of a duke.
Georgia Cay van is often seen on Broadway,
New York, and reminds , one of that dear old
French lady who despairingly said: "I am so
fat that I pray for a disappointment to make
me thin, but no sooner does the disappoint
ment come than the joy at the prospect of
.- getting thin makes me fatter than ever." -
i Mr. George Backus, who plays a clever part
• in "Lost, Strayed or Stolen," has been reported
; to the United States Government as a Cuban
spy by the Spanish Minister. Mr. Backus has
been visiting at the Cuban restaurants in New
' York, not as a filibuster, but to study the
Cuban character for Esteban Facheco, in the
above-mentioned play.
Mr. Stockwell will play the title role in "Mr.
Potter of Texas" during the first week of his
engagement at Morosco's Grand Opera-house.
In his fourth and last week be will be cast for
"Marks, the Lawyer," in an elaborate revival
of "Uncle Tom's Cabin. "
Frederick Warde has returned to New York
to prepare for his next starring tour, which
begins late in September. His repertory will
include "King Lear," "Virginius," "The Mer
chant of Venice" and a new five-act romantic
play by W. D. Eaton, called "The Rise of
Iskander."
The new political satire by Glen McDonough
and Victor Herbert, called "A Gold Bug,"
which opens the Casino season to-morrow,
deals with the adventures of a man who, in
return for large campaign contributions, has
been made Secretary of the Navy. He knows
nothing of the duties of his office, and the
lobbyists, office-seekers and politicians make
it interesting for him. There is a well-defined
love story and a long-lost daughter in the
play.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE COINGS
Itineraries Arranged for Some
of the Principal
Lecturers.
Grand Campaign Concert to Be Given
in Metropolitan Temple by
Local Talent.
Now that the Woman Suffrage cam oaign
has opened, the ladies are displaying much
activity in their work for votes. The par
lor meetings are to go on, as they have
been productive of good results, last week's
meetings being particularly interesting
and largely attended. On last Monday the
meeting at Golden Gate Hall was fully as
interesting as the gathering at Mrs. F. L.
Whitney's residence on Laguna street,
while at Friday afternoon's brilliant as
sembly at Mrs. Austin Sperry's house Mrs.
Chapman-Catt is said to have made her
best speech before a San Francisco
audirnce.
Requests for su ffrage speakers continue
to pour in, ana Miss Hay is often sadly
put about in order to make up the itin
eraries. Among the latest applicants are
the Pioneers, who want to hear Mrs.
Chapman-Catt, and have invited her to
address their society some evening during
the present week.
Engagements of the principal speakers
during this week will be as follows: Mr?.
Chapman-Catt — Monday evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall, by special request of the
ladies of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic; Tuesday afternoon, parlor meeting at
San Rafael; Tuesday eveniDfr, town meet
ing in the schoolhouse at San Quentin;
Wednesday evening, Democratic conven
tion at San Jose; Thursday evenine, mass
meeting of the Alameda County Political
Equality Club at the Oakland Pavilion.
Miss> Anna H. Shaw will speak this
evening at Placerville; Wednesday before
the Palo Alto Republican Club; Thursday
at the Alameda County political equality
m<»Bs-me<ning and next "Sunday at Ala
meda. Miss Anthony Is at present in
Nevada City and will speak there and in
the towns near by during the week. Mrs.
Kate Tupper-Galpin of Los Anueles will
proceed from this City to Truckee, speak
ing at all the towns and railway stations
along the route.
On the 6th of October a grand cam
paign concert is to take place in Metropoli
tan Temple. Only California singers will
warble and a genuine California orchestra
with a California organist will provide the
accompaniment. Miss Maybelle Holbrook
has the affair in charge and promises a
veritable banquet of rare harmony.
The finest existing green diamond is in
the Green vault at Dresden, in which are
preserved the royal treasures of Saxony.
SEW TO-DAY. 
Dress Goods Department
Grand Display of Higrh-Class Fall
Novelties and Imported
SUIT PATTERNS!
See our window this week for latest
creations In
FALL DRESS GOODS
OTTOMAN BROCATELLE.
An elegant suit pattern, in red, brown,
blue and green grounds, with large
raised black effects, very small, all pure
wool, 4.(1 inches wide.
$8.50 a Suit.
PERSIA* ASRimi SUITING.
A handsome suit pattern, in dahlia
green, magenta, old blue and other
popular shades, with black scroll ef-
fects, very nobby, pure wool and mo-
hair, 45 inches wide.
$10 a Suit.
DRESDEN MELT* BROCIIE..
46 inches wide, in a large range of new
colorings. Silk warp threads in bril- i
liant colors and tints unite with darker
shades of wool In forming the back-
ground, which is covered with large
scrolls in harmonizing effects, silk and
■ wool.
$12.50 a Suit.
EXTRA SPECIAL
FOR THIS WEEK.
50 SUIT PATIMVS
IMPORTED BOUKETTE SUITIJG.
Any and all of the latest Fall shades,
combined with blAck rough raised ef- ■
fects, 54 inches wide, strictly all wool.
A Full Miit Pattern $6.
Sole Agents for the Columbia Kid
(Hove. Best dollar glove in the
world. Every pair fitted and guaran-
teed.
Country orders receive our best and
prompt attention.
Samples sent free to all parts on appli-
cation. '
Parcels delivered free in this and neigh-
boring cities and towns.
'JA'J
I 222- 1224 MARKET ST.
NEW TO-PAY— AMUSEMEJrrS.
>$SS*^ WEWyORK OFFICE 42 W. 5O TM . STREET.
Gustav -y Walter, director general.
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
X^"©©lx. Commexiciiig 3Vtoxxci.*V3 r » S °P*- 3.4.
NOTE JHE NEW PROMINENT JMKyiLLE^ELEBR[TIEB!
AMERICA'S PrttiMIER^INOINa^INDjn\LK»>IG_COMEDIAN.
TV/TT .T ,T=T. .A.l_hb£.A. !
The Latest European Novelty, the Klectric Globe. Only Act of Its Kind In the world.
• ' THB SPRITE OF this air,
siivm-ous, ABDULLAH f THE
fIA RVELOUS 1 ADuUL LA H I GREAT !
The Most Daring High-wire Performer In the World. _^^^^ _^J_ . . . . .^ 1 . .L t '
: THiTissAR quartet" BELLMAN & MOORE
BLANCH GHAPM ! CORA MACY! s"^™?"
JOSIE IHTROPIDI 1 JAS. A.STURGIS !^!!s«sSi2i!
FERGUSON AND MACK. I' TERRY AND ELMER.
TheJ^unny KnockaboutJ)uo. l J2li*
MARGUERITE FERGUSON, America's Greatest Contortion Dancer.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), SEPT! 13.
Last Appearance of Lydla Yeamans Titus, Albini, Pitrot and Nellie Muguire.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c; Children, 10c, any part.
' REMEMBER WEDNESDAY 3IATIXEES.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
I bj?;ss#ik|- TO-MORROW, orpT 1 A
I BALDWIN mm mm. our 1 . IHf
THIRD AND LAST WEEK ■V r £?£gsl££ t S2£ IS *""" 1 '
"Aa: yv:d aiive b san =» gene"
(MADAME DON'T CARE)
WITH KATHRYN KIDDER IN THE TITLE ROLE.
The Mos Brilliant Success Ever Achieved on the Pacific Coast.
LAST PR SENTATIO.S WILL, OCCUR NEXT SATURDAY EVENING, SEPT. 19.
Monday, Sept. 21— Theater closed for two weeks.
MONDAY. OCT. 5 "THE PRISONER OF ZENDA."
LmTO-HlillT 1 ALL THE WEEK
A GREAT HIT SCORED BY THE COMIC SUCCESS,
"ON THE BOWERY"
with STEVE BRODIE.
See the Funny Bowery Scenes and Specialties.
•Tril:dlander,Gottlob^(2- UtoES & Managers ••
— '— : ANOTHER : —
GENUINE LAUGH PROVOKEK! THE FUNNIEST OF THEM ALL!
MONDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 14 ONE WEEK ONLY,
FIRST PRODUCTION BY FHE
OF THE KXCHUCIATINULY FUNNY COMEDY,
A MATRIMONIAL MAZE!
BRiaHTi— WITTY T ORIQINAL I
' AnJ (Strictly American In Scenes and Characterizations.
ALCAZAR,
O'Farrell Street, between Stock: on and Powell.
BEIiASCO, DOaXE & JORDAN Lessees and Managers
Last performances of ne excruciatingsv funny farce-comady,
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME!"
This afternoon and to-night by the unexcellei ALi'AZ \R STOCK COMPANY. Never before in this
city have such presentations been made at such prices!
Commencing To-morrow (Monday) .Msht, T. W. Robertson's Great Militar y Comedy,
-"OURS !"—
In which will be seen a paraleof horses, sol Hers and a full military band.
The Presence of 100 People Required od the Stage 10 Produce the Proper Effect !
Stanlingly Realistic Sceoer-y ! Handsome Settings and Furnishings! Perfect Details!
"THE TWINS 'AS THE TWINSEY."
A WEEK OF I'NADULTEKATED AXI> HEARTY FUN!
Prices— ls, 25, 35 and 5O Cents. Matinees Saturday and Sunday, 15, 85 and 35
Cents. -Telephone Black j»9l.
SECURE YOUR S^A.S IN ADVANCE.
THE CHUTES, CASINO ofMyBER
OPEN TODAY FROM 10 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
SPECIAL— EVERY EVENING AT 1O O'CLOCK AND
THIS AFTERNOON A.T HALF-PAST FOUR,
-A.i\rTOi\rio PIRRI !
(From the Chutes at Milan, Italy),
WILL RIDE DOWN THE CHUTES AND LAND IN THE LAKE ON A SAFETY BICYCLE.
A. Great Bill in tlao Casino.
First Appearance of QUEENA DX REIN, from Koster & Rial's, and BELLE
KIKBY, Queen of Swords. The ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS.
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage and Several Startling Novelties.
■Admission. 10 Cents. Children. Including Merry-Go-Round Ride. 5 Cents.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
ii *>.->. t.lKia»rrvit miKM.Ni>. I'ropne.or & .<iau.*£j.-
Tin© Crranci Opera. Season
— THIS EVEKTIN-G—
. Humpenllnclc's Fairy Opera, In Three Acts,
BMSEL AND GRETEL!
A story dear to the hearts of both young and old.
The poetry of melody divinely illustrated by
A SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA OF THIRTY.
Great Cast.
Beautiful Scenery.
Characteristic Costumes.
- Brilliant Light Effects.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
I_iin.ooln and 3Lja.uglat.er.
Friday Evening, S«pt. 18,
UNDER DISIINGUIaHED AUSPICES.
MR. FRANK LINCOLN,
In His Humorous Monologue Entertainment.
Admission— Lower Floor 81, Balcony 50c
• No charge for reserved seats at Sherman,
Clay & Ca'a Thursday and Friday.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. it
Concert Every Afternoon and -Kvenlng.
General Admission— Adults 10c Children 6c.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.
League Championship !
SAN FKANCISi OS vs. IMPERIALS.
— Game Called at 2:30 p. x. •
ADMISSION 25 CKNXS. LADIES FREE
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS 1 FINE ORCHESTRA.
Monday, September 14— Olympic Club Gymna-
sium Exhibition, 9 p. it.
Tuesday, September Charter Debate; Jap-
anese Night: Union Iron Works.
Wednesday, September 16— Anniversary Mex-
ican Independence; Mandolin Clubs.
Thursday, September 17— Ireland's Night.
Friday, September — Oakland Night; Ileliance
Glee Club
Saturday, September. 19- Berkeley Night; Uni-
versity of California; Firemen's >"i?ht-
mm FOR THE FIVE BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October 1.
Prizes— Five Sterling Silver Trophies.
Admission 25c, Children 15c. —
OPKX. DA "V AND KVKNIXG. _"
*-'^>G!B&!£&t*Jf**3.a Big « is a non -poisonous
<<*^jR2SHe»tfBH«!g3« remedy for Gonorrhoea,
A^W^VVHEb^S <-■!• et, Spermatorrhoea,
Ki£psr in l to 5 l»is.^3 Whites, unnatural dia-
apy Qoannteed ■ charges, or any inflamma-
Mil not to stricture. tion. irritation or ulcera-
7*—^jPreTeim contagion. tion of mucous mem-
fTEITHEEvANS CHEMICUCO. brant>!t - Non-astringent.
lfli^ClNCllfflATl.O HI Sold by Urapgriato,
*BMjik it o . *2a5(! cr sent in plain wrapper,
j^^b^u. o. '^H by express, prepaid. foC
?1-00, or 3 bottles, ?!.7\
V V Circular sen* or - wist.
€.DEWEYSXO.^ffN,
patents! j
XaS^22o MARKET &T.S.F^S^THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
HM.MAKY OF THIS JIAiIKIi'VS. 1
Oliver continues to depreciate.
MexicMi Dollars declining.
New York Exchange advanced.
Bank Clearings lose 10.6 %.
Wheat steady. Barley lower.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Hay demoralized.
Feedstuff* unchanged.
Beans cheap. ' v
Pota oes and Onions still low.
Butter weakening Cheese steady.
Ranch Eggs advancing.
Poultry quiet. '
Fruit dull. Grapes weak.
Prunes show signs of advancing.
Driei Peaches and Aprlco firm.
Provis'.ons a« before.
Large purchases of Hides in the East.
■Wool working into belter shape.
THE GOVERNMENT'S CASHBOX.
United States Treasurer D. N. Morgan reports
the amount of money on band at the close of
August as follows:
Gold coin $106,561,114
rum bunion....."". :;;;::::;;:::;;;;:: fl 83.2641086
Mlverdohars 381.056 160
Fractional silver coin.. 15,9l!9.801 -
bUyer bullion 116,681,740
t- .J 0 . 11 * 1 specie $653,472,901
United States notes 114.716.282
Treasury notes ot 1890 35,478,756
Gold certificates 1.618 550
Ml v»r certificates 11,464.610
Currency certificates 830010
National bank notes. 13,815,370
-Minor coin, etc 1203 869
Deposits in National banks .'.'. 16,619;915
Miscellaneous 168,493
01 * 1 '. $849,3e8.746
Daring August the stocic of gold coin was re
dnced 812.800.000. while the stock of gold bullion
W, nc , rP « %c% cd n ♦-•BOO.OOa There was an increase
2o jfn;. 2 ™u\°. . in dolUrs »nd • decrease of over
$2,000,000 In silver bullion. The net decrease in
specie for the month w H over $11,000,000. I bare
was an Increase of $5,440,000 in United States
notes and $1,900,000 in National bank notes.
Most of the loss In gold coin was due to the de
posits of L nited States at the office of the cub-
Treasury her* the gold taken cut going Imo the
local batiks through bond sales a; the tast.
BAKE CLEARINGS.
local bank clearings last week were $10,556,012.
against 12.936.721 for the same week In 1895,
A loss of 10. 6%
rxpttnAtton.
Tbe arrow flies with *.he v. 'nd. The top figures
at station mdicH maximum temperaturo for the
day*: those underneath It. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and huij4redthn.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal itlr pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hii^h" means hlsh barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low. pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the cons;,. and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Or*-gon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected In summer. and colder
weather in winter. The reverse Of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture- Weather Bureau, San Fba»»cisco, sept.
12, 1890, 5r.M. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 60, Red Bluff 82, San Francisco 60,
Fresno 92, San Luis Obispo 74. Los Angeles 78,
Ean Diego 70, Yurria 98.
San 1-rancisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 64, mean 57.
An area of low pressure lies, over the southern
half of the Pacific Slope, but as yet no rain has
fallen, except at Los Angeles. The pressure has
risen daring the past twenty-four hours over Mon
tana, Idaho and Wyoming. It has fallen along
the northern coast.
The temperature has remained nearly stationary
over the entire country west of the hocky Moun
tains, with the exception of Oregon, where it has
fallen.
The weather north of the, 45th parallel has been
generally cloudy and rainy.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. September 13, 1696:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh north.
eriy winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday: colder In northern por
tion.
Threatening Sunday; colder In northern
portion.
at cona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Sunday; fresh
westerly winds. .
A. G. McA die. Local Forecast Official.
SEW IOKK 3IARKKT3.
Financial. .
NEW YORK, V. V., Sept. 12. — The stock
market In the main wag weak and lower to-day.
At the opening foreign bouses were free sellers of
the international listed stocks on rumors of a fur
ther advance In the Bank of England discount
rate and fear* of trouble in the Erst. Cable ad
vices from London w*r« received by bankers to
the effect 1 hat a meeting of the Cabinet bad been
called to dis uss the Turkish question, and firms
with English connections were free sellers of
Louisville and Nashville. M. Paul and other
stocks. These sales were estimated at 10,000 to
12,000 shares, a neavy total fur a half-holiday.
The bank statement also ptoved disappointing,
and failed to reflect the enormous receipts of gold
from Europe.
The hardening of discount In the open market In
London, and predictions of a iurlbt.-r rise In the
bank rate next Thursday, encouraged ventures on
the bear side of the account. At the opening lead
ing Issues declined anywhere from 14 '° 1 per
cent, bat subsequently the traders bid the market
tip on the aborts. - sugar and M»nnattan were
conspicuous in the rise, selling at 116 and 1/3
respectively. The advance brought out offerings
for both accounts, and in the last ten • minutes of
business the prices, us a rule, were Et the lowest of
the day. Sugar fell IV2 to 114y 2 : Jersey Central.
i 1/, to IOOV4: Manhattan, is/s to B»Va and the re
mainder of the active list Vi 10 1 per cent.
OATS— Were slow. Hec-ipls were 324 cars, and
120,098 ousheU were withdrawn from store. May
closed y«c under yesterday. Estimated receipt!
for Monday. 840 car-.
FLAX— Steady. Cash. 63*/i®6sc: September,
64 V 2 c: December, f.7c. Recelp.g were 94 cars.
PKOVIBIONB— Quiet. January pon< closed 6c©
7"--; C higher, January lard a shade higher, aud
January ribs 5c higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was fairly active
and steady to-day. Offerings were moderate, but
the demand was no", urgent.
Creameries— Extras, 15c 9 &>: firsts, lS@l4c:
seconds, 10@12c: Imitation*, fancy, l^^iMc
JJairlea— Extras, 13c: tirbtit, ll@l'2c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— oVt<slOc; firsts, S{iißy 2 c; packing
stock. «(i*7c: grease, 4(a,Cc
KGOS^-Steady; supply mod rate. Prices un
chanced. Fresh stock, li!ivi@l3c "^ dozen. .
2HONK"*— Was 615:7% on call aud 1% on time
loans. New York exchuugo told nt tl 16 dls
count. 1 ' . ■ ■ ■ - - ■ - ' ' -■■ -■ :
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEHLOCK & CO.,
<, Leldesdorff St., TeL Main 1054.
BRANCH OFFICE '<- :
123 Marktt St., Pa: nee Hotel. Tel. Main 6823
J. B. I'UitDV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
.. Utloaa. Keferenoe Ist National Bank, & F.
. Closing Price*.
, r " n r,'''- Seotember - 68Vic; December, 69 % c:
-Uiiy, bli-g.
cui<\ - September. 207' 8 c; December, 21% c;
ill ay, J4S s p.
V^2?~ septeml> '' r - 155/ 8 c; Way- 19c.
Janua^r«6T^ ber - *' ? 2%: ° CtOber ' * 5 7 * V > ; <
Janu.rrr^3 62^. ber ' 8322%; october -» 327 * :
i.ii.&-fcen-u «;r, J3 O7 Vi;. October, $3 12%;
January, »3 85.
I-lTestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lv., Sept. 12.-Cattle
quiet and steady. Hog market was steady for
choice Kinds, but the poorer grades were slow and '
in some cases 5c lower. Sheep were inactive an 1 j
steady.
CAITLR — RecetDts, 300. Fancy beeves.
95 10@5 30: choice 10 onme. 1300 to 1700 Ih steers, I
$4 65ia;j 00; cood to choice steers. 1200 10 1600 Ib.
(4 M6H 60; medium steers. 1000 to 1300 Ib, $3 90 I
(£4 25: fair beef steers. 960 to 1 SOU lbs,
$3 70® 3 85; butcher steers. $3 10(4 9 65;
choice siockers and feeders, 900 to 1250 Ib, *3 40 \
■SpbO: fair do. SGU to 876 tb. »3 50<$3 35; bulls,
Choice 10 extra, f 80(S)3 35; bulls, poor to cnoice, I
Si Uo@2 75: cows ana -ifer«. choice to extra. $3 60
03 85; cows, lair to choice, *'.' 25@3 40: cows,
common to f.ilr canners. $1 26@'2 10: calves, good
to choice, $5 25@5 90: calves, common to good, |
$3 Co@s 20; 'lex us grass Hleen. f£ 3.")(e,0 00;
Texas cows and bulls, $1 75©2 50: W, stern can
ninst steers, $2 65(a»4; Western range cows and helf
ir«. *■_' 'iO(<b'i 6J milkers and springers, V head,
$-20&36: Western ranee steers, $2 So@3 SO.
iious— Receipt*. 15.000. lieavy packlne ana
fhippiu^ lots. $2 75(0,3 bO: common to choice
mixed, $2 *<)<a.A 40: choice assorted. $0 30@
3 40; light, 9 3 lO&S 46: pigs. $1 7 5*3 36.
mi I-.KI-— i;icen.is. 1000. interior to choice, ;2(g
-3; lambs, $2 60*3 75.
LBICAUU .HAiilißri.
CHICAGO. lir-. Sept. 12.-A report that a
special meeting of the British Cabinet would be
called this afternoon, coincident with a decline in
British consols, alarmed wheat-traders this morn
ing. The security decline was not generally con
ceded to have any connection with the Cab!: et
meeting, but was ascribed rather to the shipments
of gold to this country; but the fact that there
was a possibility- of a relation between the two
alarmed the short* and a quick upturn was the re- |
suit. Large export cleerMncesfnr the week (3,799,- I
141 bushels) aud the failure of Argentina to ship !
any wheat last week were two considerations fa- 1
voring prices. Northwestern receipts were heavy
at 1163 cars, against 7b7 last Saturday ami 1129
a year. ago. Chicago received lt>3 cars and in
spected out 21,600 bushels.
Liverpool cables ' quoted i,<.d advance, scarcely
great enoush to correspond with ours of yester
day. Closing continental cables were all higher.
Export clearances at Atlantic ports amounted to
154,400 bushels. During the last half-hour the
market lost almost the entire appreciation
through realizing by early buyers. December
wheat ;ip*-ned from 59J,j,r to 59?»'@59 1 jc, sol 1 be- ;
tween 59 H0 and 60% c, closing at 597gc. ?£@^6 !
higher than yesterday. . Estimated receipts f -r
Monday 157 cars.
CORN— The sentiment In corn shows an Increase
in the bullish feeling which originated with the
reduction In crop percentage as given by the Gov
ernment resort. Naturally the strength of wheat
wad of assistance to prices to-day, and, although
trading w.s no; of an extensive character, still
there was a more tenacious a.titude displayed by I
holders. Recelp;s were 467 cars end 819,118 bush- I
els ere tn ken from nt ore. Liverpool cables were ' 4
higher. Export cleurauces amounted to 293,164
busiirK .May corn opened at 24i- 4 c advanced 10
LMS-tif .24*4.0, cl< sing at 248 8 c bid, i.^c higher than
yesterday. Estimated .receipts for Monday 375
•cars.
speculation closed weak in tone. Net changes
show losses of Vsfal per cent. In the Inactive
I issues Erie second Deferred ro«,e li/ a iol7V'2 Total
sales were 69,417 shares, inducing 12,700 >v
Paul, 11,700 Sugar and 7100 Louisville and Nash- :
ville.
Bonds were dull and easier; sales were only
j $112,000. Fort Worth and Deliver City sixes cer-
I tificates fell I V3 to 60; Kansas Pacific consol
sixes (referred, 'i to 62: Rio uranoe Western
rirsts. 11 4 to Us; and Atcbison adjustment tours,
?4 to 3 3 1/4 : Louisville, New Albany and Chicago
first sixes brought lli'Va, against 113 before to
day.
in Government bonds $5000 coupon fours of
1925 brought lldy a .
<;rain.
FLOUR— Unchanged.
RYE— Dull, firm; Western, 38%@30c
BARLEY— DuII; new seedling, SlHi^OS^c.
- WHEAT— DuII, firmer with opton^: No. 2 red
f. o. b. t7ygc: ungraded red, b7<»6Bc; No.- 1
Northern, to» -,c. ' ; »
Options declined \ sS-VoC on fair contract 11 v
eries, advanced 6 b ( :ii a c on firmer cab es. foreign
buying; firmer eat and local covering: fell VV'S
s jo nn realizing, Closing steady at ygt- decline 10
1 a: A c advance, wi.li a fairly active trade. De
ccincer most, act. ye. (losing No. '1 red, September,
ti*.' 9 v; October, 643^c; November, 66c; Decem
ber, tfb^fec; May, 70c.
CORN — Dull, firmer; Na 2, 26c elevator; 27c
afloat..
Option* dull and firm at i' 8 c advance following
the \\'es and firmer cabier 1 . Dec»mb»r most
uc:iv»». September closed :>6c: October, it" s c;
.December. _7^ic: Ma. , 30VsC
OATb— Qu>e., firmer.
Options dull, tinner; September, SO^c; Octo
ber, -X 8X 8 >c: Secern oer, 21VsC- - -
poi prices: No. •-', 2(Ji, 2 : No. 2 white, 24Vfec;
No. 'A Chicago, Viy 2 c; no. 8, ißVfcc: No. 3 whue,
aiej mixed Western, 20@'2iy 8 c: white do, 30c
Provisions.
* 1 A About steady; Western steam. S3 65;
city. $3 85; option salt a none. September closed
$6 55 ncmiukl; refined Inactive: continent. 83 95;
. souiu American. $. 40: compound, ; -~i,(g,ic.
PORK-»ieady; ji-w mess, $7 60@8 26.
BL'T'l XX— Moderate demand: Western dairy.
h@l'Jc: do creamery, HVs@l ol /2 : do factory, iy%
(alii -.c: Elgins, 16V2; imitation creamery, I0(o,
1 a » we.
—CHEESE— part skims, 2@5%c: full
skims, I 1 2
j-.UGS-Quiet; fresh, 16c: do '^ case, 92 80
(£2 »5. .-:- V-, -v
■1 ALLOW— Firm; city, 3 l-16i§3Vic: country,
3V*@3S/gC
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady: crude, 21o; yellow,
23V 2 <ai!4c.
PETROLEUM— Quiet; refined, 96 80; Phila
delphia. 57 50.
RICE— Urm; domestic, 3i4@sVic; Japan, 4V4c.
MOLASSES— FinaI I.New une&ui, 27<a,0~c,
FLAXSEED-72MlC.
cuFFEK— Options opened steady, unchanged to
10 points up; closed «t«-ady, unchanged 10 6 points
up; September, 9» 16u9 i! 0: October, $H 86; No
v.-mocr, $8 60; December, 98 60@SS5: March,
$8 50. Bpo> l'.iu, dull, easy: No. 7, 10 W:.
fcliiAK- Quiet, steady. Mold A, ;.c; standard
A.4«/ic; cootectioners' a. 4tygc: cut loaf. 68/sc:
crushed. t>3 c; powdered, be; graualated, 4 c;
cubes, 5c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B@loc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, l*@l4e: nnpeeled, 6|gßc.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 4Sijisc.
HAIBISS— I wo-ctowd, a%584c: three-crown.
45/ B^sc; iour-crowu, 6V»c; London layers, fl@
1 15; Clusters, 91 2o@)l 40.
HOP.**— Easy, dull. Pacific Coast, B©By 2 c
WOOL— Moderate demand. Domestic Heece,
13©a3c;'puiied, iHw.3lc; 1 exas, 7©10&
Merchandise.
j ir: jkCN— Fairly active. American. CIO 25®
12 50. "*
tOi'PEP-Steady; lake. 910 65®10 86.
itAi-— Firm: comestlc. *'£ 77Va@-82v»
-") IN -Steady; Straits, *13 10ta,iJ 20; plates
steady.
Kit- Quiet; cemenlc. 93 60@3 6tt
M-V> .v/i.tt. SHOCKS.
Bond*. Exchange, Money and Kallroad
Share*.
Money on call 4©5%: Prime mercantile paper,
H@9%. Sterling Lxchanse is steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 81*4@4 82
«or • xty days, and $4 88% 84 for demand.
Posted rales, $4 fc2Vst@* 8iy 2 . Commercial bills,
$4 80@4 81. jir M.ver, boc. Mexican dollars,
60y«(3:>2Vfac. Government bonds steady. Stale ;
bonds dull. Railroad bonds loner. Sliver at me
board vena neglected.
CXOWT3M PTOCKX.
Am Tel & Cable.... 85 Norfolk ft West™. 8 1 *
Atchlson 11541 Preferred.. 12»4
Preferred 17S/g Northern Pact He. IB
Adams Express.... 13i/ f Preferred. lfcV s
Alton. Terre Haute &."> Northwestern 9? 3 /t
American press 10 7 ! Preferred.... 143
American Tobacco. 64 141 X. Y. Central 81 s /i
Preferred 9<t X.Y..Chica«o*.-».L. 11V*
FayßtateGas 16 Ist preferred 70
Baltimore*; Ohio.. 13 Yd preferred...... 27
Brunswick Land*.. % N. Y.& N. H..;.... 167
fcuffalo, Koch .* if. 17 N. Y. A New Eng. 20
Canada Pacific..... *67 .V V.. busq <fc W... P
Canada Southern.. 44 Preferred.... 22%
Canton land Ontario . 11
Central Pacinc lna/ 4 Ontario i "western liVi
Ches. A 0hi0....... a»3 /4 Oregon Improvmns Va
Chicago Alton. 152 1 preterrnd. —
Preferred 105 Oregon Navigation la
Chicago. H. *,Q.... 87 Oregon Short Liq«. IS
CtilcuKO &K. 111... as PacJHcMall 18%
Preferred «0 I'eorta, I). «fe Evans 1%
CblcagoGas 69% Pittsburgh W. pfd 16
Clevedt Plitsbnns..ls > Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver. IV*
Consolidated Ga5.. 146 I Preferred. .. 15
C. C. c. &sl Louis 26% Reading. . .. 16Vg
Preferred. 75 KloGrande'&Westa 15 ■
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 18% Preferred .. 40 •
Preferred 80 Koct Island! .. 69%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11% HoinuWatiOicdea.lo7
Commercial Cable. 125 !tt. L. AB. W 3V*
Dei. Hudson.. 121 Preferred...... 8
Del. Lack* 151 St. Paul :.. 70Vi
Denver &R. U 10 V* Preferred."..!.... 127
Preferred. 4lVg[tju Paul <fc Dulato. 15
Distillers — ; Prelerred 75
General Klectrla... 27%'st. Paul A Omaha. 8(1
trie 12V2! Preferred. 115
Preferred i:7 fc>u P. M. A M... .103
Fort Wayne 145 Oliver Certificates. 8514
Great Northern pidll2 Southern Pacific... 16%
Green Bay Southern U. ft... . 7*4
Harlem. 800 1 Preferred... . 21 is,
Hocking Coal lEoitar Refinery .... l)4y* i
Hocking Valley.... UVt Preferred... 101
Home-stake... : 84 Vi Imn. Coal & Iron. 2034
M. & Texas Cent...—— | Preferred.. ■•■•;.. 80
Illinois Central..... 8 7 Texas Pacific . 6V.
lowa central 7 lol.A,A.d;N.Mica.— —
Prefcrreo.... 24 Tol. A Ohio Cent... *0
Kansas A Texas... 10 Preferred........ 60
Preferred ........ 21% lol.H;.Louistfc K.G. b
Kintrstoiiit I'em... 3 Preferred 15
Luke Kris & Westn 16 Onion Pacloo. .V.i
Preferred. 65 U. P. Den A uulf .. ]v»
Lnke5n0re..'.;.....143 U. R. Coraace su!
National Lead "3^% Preferred ..... 71^
Preferred 82 Guaranteed .. .. 14 i
Jon* Island 65 I D. S. Kxpress 36
Louisville & Nash, 40y 2 lj.H. Leather 714 !
Lonisviilo Na«su» 2Vai Preferred.... 4»vs»
Preferred......... t> U.S. Rubber.../... -18
Manhattan Consol. 8 Ye Preferred.. 70
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
Memphis A Charl*. 15- CtlcaA B. River.. l6o
Mexican Central... « W ab. &. L. & Pac. . 5%
Michigan Central.. H7 Preferred Jtfil^
Minn<fcS.L. Wells-Fargo . 60 '
.. Fre: i rr * d •••"•' Western Union.... rOV*
JiinnSSt. Leon. 3 4^ Wisconsin Central. 20
Jbi preferred-.... OS I Wheeling &L. X.. 6Va
2d preferred 38 1 Preferred.. . 24
Missouri Pacific... ltsy 2 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 47
Mobile & Ohio . Iti W. U. Beef 6%
Nashville d: chatt. t7V£JAi.n Arbor . 6 j
National Linseed.. 14 Preferred 16
N.J. Central lx) i rO oiclynTr»«lou. 11
AW.li American... 43/ 4 |t.rie "id pia l<jy a
fl.oaiKQ snxm.
Ala Class ais 101 Northern 114
Do Class B 4, 65.. 101 Do2ds 106.
Alabama. emu C 90 DoSds. 66
Atcnison4s 74 Do consol '.'.'. 44%
Do ids A... 33»4OImDrovement Ist 7.''
Canada h2<ls.. 100 1 Do 5s 9
1 Cen Pac 1 sis or '95.100 I{, R & N'i«s."""*loi)
'■WSJ?,** 1899 }°° 1 10 --n^oi %&;;;:. I*
fij \%U \°\ Or short Line e5...107^t
D 01899.... 100 • »oconsss 97....—
Do 1899 100 reel lie "js of 97 „ ■
■ 11 eß x? r .^!! lo DO-----lg<D 0- ---- lg<S '« li| - llk ' t ' •^dmc 4s! 74
1 Vw*^ lr RoU 8 » -i 9i 9 V* Do lsl vfd lncam. 88
 6T?,;-,6 T?,;-,- } oß *'* P-GrandeWestlsis 68
Den &Z. Ist in SlLilronMtGen 5s 08
°.7*-"- »7 StL&HF Gen6s.lUJ
' ? r u'-^."--V;r •',•—' 69 «' i'»i'l Consols.... 123
, M * D «» C i tylstS ,fl? St P C& Pa IS-.5...112
°. : "*?.A6s 101 so Carolina 4 Vis... 95
D02d75... .....100 southern Ks* . 84
ul V*' ,V eb t>*-^vti Uo pac c»lc »l Ists. llo
liATexCeot 6*..10J Tennnew 35....... 70
I Docontts.... 102 Texas Pacific Ists. 80
lowa Central Ists.. 92 Texas Pacific 2ds.. i Q*A
iPa Consols «l i Union Pac lsts 84101
in. i» i"* Uen uivios | L S4s reg of 1-25.115VJ
I a Consol 4s 90 to 4s, coupon. ..115Vi
f} Iso1 s0 , ur ' fanaln S-"— C 4s, n-c of 1907.106
HKTAU. 61Vk Do 4«. counon.. .lO?
-, Do *« bO ' lots ' 901-*
obiii. onto 45.. tioyji Lo6s".""" now
1 Mutual Union «v . . 107 J o conbon. ... 1 101*
Si Cent beu6v..ll«i. 2 Valundlnu- debt... 68
N \ 1 A-t Louis 4slO2i^ lioreslswrcd...... .
Nor&WestGenSs.llS Do deferred 6s 5
> Carolina 00114 *-9 0 I Lo trust rcp-.s st. 4
vl>ot'«v I>ot '« 110 Wa.msn Ist is . 103
Northwest Consols. 13JV41 West Shore 4s. .103
ix> deb 5s 104 .1
I'OKKIGN MAUKETS.
WnKAT IN LIVEBPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, End.. Sept. 12.-The spot market
is firm. Cargoes firmer at 27s 3d, prompt
shipmenu * p
FUTCBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the fo lowing
Liverpool quotations for .No. 2 Red Winter: Sep
tember^6s av«d; October, 6s 2i^d: November, 6s
2%d; December, 3d; January, 5s 3 V^d.
KKOUBITIKS.
o,!^Jl o^' Xvo -' Bt ' Dl - 12. -Consols, 110; silver,
30 3-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 95c.
EXCHANGE AXIJ BULLION.
Sterling Excha-.ge, 60 day 5....... — 94 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 «5
Sterling Cables.... — 4 * v
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine sllv< r, r ounce — tj&
Mexican Dollars el 61%
*
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTLUII GRAINS.
WHEAT-Closed the week firm at the Impro/ed
prices with considerable activity, both on ship
pine and Call Board account. No. 1, 97V^@S8s / «o
fl ctl; choice, 91 ; lower erades."9o@96c; extra
choice for milling, $1 U2Vsg)l 05 $ c.l.
CALL BOARD HALES.
Infobmat. peksion— 9:ls o'clock — ember—
12, W0 ct s. lO'JSi-
Skcond -t-ssn.s — December— 26,ooo ctls,
$1 OUVt,; L't.OU. 91 0J3 4 . .Mey — 4000, fl 00%.
Regular Mhkni.no >kssiun — December—
26.000 cUs, 91 VO-u ; '-Oil'), 91 00%: 600*1 91 DOS i,c
BAKLK —Feed is weakerand dull, but futures
are firmer. We quote Feed, 6C@6lV*c %* ctl
choice bright. »2i^,c V ell: Brewing. 7"JVi©77 1 sC
V cU: Chevalier, @*1 for Na 1. *
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Ixfobmal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
bKcoxD 'session — No snles.
Regui-ab MuKNixr, M- ssiox— December— 2ooo
ctis, 661-2; -.'OOO, 66t»c: 2000. 66«. c .,
Oats— old Oats are about none, and the quota
tions now represent the new crop. Milliug, 87U.
<£92V^c: fancy feed. 01'V«(a-95c: Rood to choice.
hf.iaii-'i.ir; common to fair, 75(SS0c; Gray, 85®
S'Vjc: surprise. 95cg$l 02%.
COUN— Neglected and nominal. Larse Yellow
is quotable at b2V.(£Bsc: Small Round do, b7V*
®90c > ctl: White, 7l>@7sc. • '.
itVE-7O@72V«c i>. cU for old and 62^@65c for
new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85@95c t> ell.
FLOUK AND MILLSIUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 93 60@3 70 Hi bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40@
3 30; superfine 92 75@K.
CORN MEAL. KTC.-Feed Corn. 919&19&0;
Cracked Corn. 919 60@'20 ft ton.
MILLSTUFF-— l*rices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, (2 10;
Kre Hour, $2 50: Rice Hour, 96 75; Curnmital,
$2 10; extra cream do, 9* 75: atmeal, 9- 90; Oai
(.routs, 93 60: Hominy, 93 10<$3 30: Buckwheat
Fiour. $3 10(HS30: Cracked Wheat, if-J 75: Fa
ui.a, 93 D0; wiirie wneat flour, 92 80: Moiled
Oats. $3 50: Pearl Barley, $3 60; t>iilU Peas, 93 2j;
Green do, «4 10 V* 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There were liberal arrivals of Bran from Oregon.
BRAN — »i:ir*lß 50 for the best ana «i3(a».2 50
9 ton fur outside brands.
MIDDLINGS-$15@16?« ton for lower grades,
and $17@18 !» ton for the best.
FEELSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 914 60: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $'21 ft ton: jobbing, 522: clipped
Oats. 2cfg.sl2 cfg.sl 05 ¥ cU.
HAY— Demoralized. Now and then a car of
fancy wheat bring* $10, but the figure Is hardly
quotable. Wheat. $7@9 50: Wheat and Oat. t6^
9: < ai. «5ig,7 60: Barley. *6@7; . iver B«riey,
94 v.o:^s: A, la fa. $5 60@t> 50 lor eecoMdun^ 94 bO
ig,s for first cutiine; compressed sfliiay; stock
«4@5: Cover, t(g.7 60.
STKAW— iO(§,3Sc V bale.
BEANS AND SEE»«,
BEANS— Quite a number of carloads have re
cently chansea bands at the low quotations.
Bayos are quotable at 91 Cd, 1 15 ft ctl:
Small Whites. 95t@n 10 9 ctl: Pea, Psc
0.9. 15 «* ctl: Lance Whites, 85@95c f. ctl: Pink,
75®.- 5c V- Ctl: Reds, $I@l 50 V tU; Bla'keve
91 ys(al 50: Red Kianey, 91(^1 10; Limas, 91 go
(£2 05; Butters, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 65@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, 91 25(^1 60: Flax. 91 3u^l 35: Canary
2V4@-3,ic "r> lb; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2U>c;
Hemp, ay e.
DRIED PEAS-91 10@l 40 9 cU for Niles and
91 25@1 60 for Green. ** . *
POTATOES, ONIONS, VIOETABLE9.
POTATOES— Cheap and . plentiful. Sweet Po
tatoes are quotable at 9l@l 26; Garnet Chiles,
50@65c ft cil: Early Rose, S&@:-tOc; Bur
bank Seedlings, 25@300 lor Rivers and 60©80 c for
Salinas.
ONlONS— 2o@floc 14 ctl; Piskles, 60c * sack.
VEGETABLES— Everything is down to bedrock
and very dull. Marrowfat Squash Is quotable
at 95(57 60 V ton; Green corn, 'js(a.Hsc
ft sack: Alameda* Corn, 60c@$l & crate;
Berkeley Corn. io@4oc ft box; Summer
Squash, 'J0@250 %» box for Bay. Egg Plant, 2.V4
40c r box: Tomatoes. 10<$20c fi box for Klvers
and 15C$25c y box tor Bay; Alameda Cucumbers
l&(^30c; Plckies, 60©«5c « box for .No 1 and J3(a,
00c "$ ctl for No. 2: Green Papers, 20<i£!SJc '«
large box for Chile and 20<§>3Oc for Bell; Green
Pea«, He f» lb for Garden; string Beans, 60($ti0c *
sack for common and lVi&'^c «t ib for garden:
Limas. 60c@$l '0 sack; Green Okra, '260400 '■?,
box: Cabbage, 40c %* cti; Carrots, 25@30c %i sack;
Garlic, 101940 t* Th.
rOULTKY AND GAME.
Live Turkeys art quotable at 13@14c W Jb for
Gobbler*. 12@13c 9 tt> for ens; Geese, pi. pair
* i@l 25: Goslings, 91 26@1 60; Ducks, t£ 50@»
ft doz for old and 93 50© i 60 for young; Hens,
$4<a,4 50: Roosters, young, f 3 50@4 it dozen; do,
old, *4©4 60: Fryers, *-z 75@3; Broilers, 92 50®
3 for large and *Hg,2 60 for small; Pigeons,
31 'M<a.\ 76 %s dozen tor young and si 'ibisui. 60
for old. v
GAME— Nominal.
BI'TTKK, CBJCKBB AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Is weakening.
. CitKAif fry— Fancy, 27@27%c; seconds, 23@25c.
Daibt— Fancy, 23@24c; good to choice, 19®
22% c; lower grad's, I2i^@l7i*c » tb.
Tickled— 16@17c^lb.
Firkin — 14@1BO%» H).
OHEESE-Cholce mild new, 9c Ift Ib: common to
good old, 6%f*BV&c V Ib: Cream Cueddar, lixailc;
Young America, t>aiOc: Western, 10@llc; East
ern, 11 @1 3c ft lb.
KGGB— Ranch continue to Improve. Oregon
are quotable at 12@13c ft dozen; Eastern, l4Vi
<S>l6c for fair to choice and IHe for fancy : store
Eggs. 12@14c for ordinary and 15@17^c for good:
ranch Eggs, ii r o*27c; cold-storage ranch, 17®
18c; Due* tgg»,ltJ@l7fidoz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS- .
Everything Is excessively quiet. Good Bartlett
Pears alone find favor. Apples are In heavy sup
pi -.-.
Quinces, Ss@soc * box.
Peaches, 25@60c %» box and 15<326c » basket.
Plums, 25(g)S0c * cox: Prunes, 4O@6Oc.
Pomegmna.t-s. 76@85c ft box.
Apples, 75c&9l ft box for choice and 28060 C
for common.
Pears, 30@60c f* box; Bartletts, 60@85c V box.
Figs, 25& J6c ft box for white and 25050 c tor
black.
BERRIKS—
strawberries, $7 % chest for Long worths and
$S@4 for large berries.
Raspberries, t«@4 ft chest.
Blackberries, *2<£4 9 chest.
Huckleberries are out of market for the present
at ait.
GRAPES— and plentiful. Seedless are
quotable at 40&50- $ box: Isabellas. Ssc@sl
\<i crute: Tokay;., 35@50c '<?, box: Blaclc Grapes,
•^sr<44Oc ft box: Musra'.s. 20@40c: hwretwatcrs
and Fontalnebleaux, 20&36 C V box: Grapes in
crates bring ttolOc more than In boxes. ,
Zinfanuel Vine urap»-s, 9^o®>2 50 @ ton.
MELONS- Watermelons, $^@8 9 100; Canta
loupes, 50(dn5c » crate: Nutmegs, 2(>(<i):«>c V box.
CITRUS FRUlT*— Oranges. 92@3.?t boic lor
Vsi en ias and 91 60 9 -box for Mediterranean
Sweets; -Lemons, 1 75c@$l SO "?> box , for common
dan Vi jOiaß 60 tor good to choice; Mexican Limes,
Ss@s "0 & box: California Limes. 50®75c; Ba
nauus, ijl&-' buncn: Pineapples, (2@'d'6O ~$ doz.
IJRIED FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FIUJIT3-
Prunes are showing signs of advancing. The
; crop is turning out shorter than expected. . and
; higher prices are looked lor from now on. -The de
i mand is appearing at last. Peaches and Apricots
. are algo'firm.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
low-.:
' " Carload Aprlcot^ B®Bc "$ Ib for Royals
andPs.lo<- • tb for choice to f ncy Moorparks:
Prunes. 8c V Ib: leaches, 3@40 V Ib for prime to
choice, SV*c for fancy and 9®loc for peeled in
i boxes: Apples, 6c for evaporated and 2@'Ji^ufor
sun-dried; Pears, B^i@lc for prime to choice. 5c
lor quarters aid 6c Iv? halves; Plums. 4c lor pit
ted and l%S2c for imputed ; Nectarines. 3®4e
for choice ana iic for fancy ; white Figs, He; black
Firs, 2m^ji-c.
Jobbinu Pbices— New Peachy. 41/4@5UjC
Ib: lancv, 7c f» Ib; new Apricots, t>(gjc ti Ib;
fancy. Be; Moorparks, IC@l lc; new evaporated
Apples, be; sun-dried, Sc; Prunes, 3c for the lour
I sties: new Figs, black. 2%c for unpiessed and
1 3@3y 2 for pressed: white 1 its, 4c; Plums, 6c for
pitted and iy 2c2 c for unpitted: new Nectarines, 4
! (^sc ?. tb for prime to fancy: Pears. 3Vs&4Vac for
I whole, 5c for quarters and Be for halves.
RAISINS—
j cabl -ad Fbicfs, T. o. b. Fresno— Four-crown
loose, 4c; S-cro»n, 3V»c; 2-crown, VJ /ic: Seedless
Sultana*, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2V»c; 3 crown
i London layers. $1 10: clusters, $1 35: Dehesa
[ clusters, $1 76; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
[ Giapes. 24,4 c *<f\ Ib.
Jobbing I'm: i.s— Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, ss.jc "t i Ib: »-crown, 3c %i tt>; seedless sul
tanas, 5c %i Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3i*e; Heroin
j London layers, fl; clusters, $1 60: Dehesa clus
ters, «'.' 60: Imperial clusters, >1 50.
NUTS— Quo. ations are as follows: Walnuts,
I nominal: new Almonds, 7c f> ll> lor Lan;;uedoc,
I f* Ib tor hardshell and 9@loc %4 Ib for paper
| shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c t* for Eastern and
'4c for California; Hickory Nuts, 6@6c v* tb;
Pecans, 7Va(S.bc: Filberts, 7^@Bc; iiruxil Nuis,
7^@Bc V It. ; Cocoanuts, 4-4®5 ?■ 100.
liO»\KY— 10(^iaVactor bright and 6@90
for lower grades: water-white extracted, s(gisi^ a c;
light amber extracted, 4y«&4^ic; darn amber, 4,g,
4V4c; aaric, 2@3c %i '!■ *•
iiEEaWAX— 2S^27O $ Ib.
PI.OVISIOXS.
CURED MEATS— No caange. -
Bacon is quotable at fjy 2 e for heavy,
I "V2C V> lb for Hah: medium. 9(a9Vbe •$ ">
I for light, lU@l lc for extra ltsjnt l-_»c for sugar
cured;. Eastern sugar-cored Hams, 12*121
California Hams. lu(c>lle *» a>; Mess Beef, $'•&
8: extra mess do, »8: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, ShjoS 50; extra clear, $13 f< bbl:
mess, SI i BO(oilL r V bol: smoked Beef, 10c V it.. •
LARD— Eastern tierces Is quoted at 4 Vie Tfi to
for compound and 514 c for pure; palls, ik: %i It;
California tierces, 4 V^c for compound and 6V 8 i- tor
pure: ha;t-bbls, fts 4 c; 10-11. tins, tiViC: do 5-lti
6V5.C ft.
cull uLK.\E-6i.' B ®Gi*c In aalf-bbis ana 6s:@
TVs ■» tt. in 10-lb tin^
HID£l», TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
IIFDES AND PKIN* — Large speculative pur
chases In the East nre reported. This market
ib quiet. Heavy salted steers tic ft B>: culls and
brands, 5@5VaC V. Ib; medium, 6c 9 Ib; culls and
brands, ' 4 .4 4 ».^c i* Ib; light, 4c; culls and
branas. K!iiHi/ 3 c: Cow.iid-s. 4@4i:jc: culls and
brands, :%4c:"ba)tea Kip, 4c: sailed Calf. 60 '?. Ib:
salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides. 9^9V4e; culls and
brunus, 7c; dry Kip and Veiil.7(ißc; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, l"£14c; COIIS, b@9r: Uualsklns. 20@
.Msc etch:' Kids, 6c: Deerskins, good summer,
28@27%ct medium, 15@.2Vicr winter. 7@loc;
Übeepaklns, sbeerlnss. 10c 15c each; short wool,
20@35ceacb; medium, 4U'u.r>oe i-uch: ions wools.
60(3)60 each. Culls 01 all kinds about i' 2 c less.
'lAiOiOW— No. 1. rendered, -Ji^uac; .\o. 2,
-'V4C: refined, 4-' + *.'v- : i-r-a-.-, 'Jc r Si.
WOOL— Continues in b-ttcr tone. Humboldt
and Mendoclno are quo.able at 10@llc: Val
ley Oregon. lo@llC ? Ib; do lower grades, 8@10c:
Nevada, 6(sß vac; San Jontjuin and southern
Cons:, six months, 4rg6<': ban Joaquin, foothill,
good to choice, .6V^(£>Vfec; ban Joaquli, year's
llcecp. 4@sV«c; norinern tree, 7(a;9u; uo defective,
set«V«c ft n.7
HOPS— Nominal at 2@Sc * Ib for 1895.
. GENERAL 31KUCUAKOISE.
- BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, f4 12y <§4 20:
San Quentlii, $4 '20: Wool Uacs. »4i-i@'J6i/ c.
B COAL— Wellington, ?8; ? ton: New Wellington,
$8 $ ton; South Held Wellington, $7 60 9 ion;
Seattle, $5@5 50: jiryan.. *5; Coos Hay, 94 50;
Wa!ls<>nd, $7: -cm.-ii. $7 60; Brymbo, 87 60;
Cumberland, 913 50 V ion In bulk and 916 in ska:
Pennsyiv'anln Anthracite V-kk. 911 $ ton; Welsli
anthracite, 99; CantiPl, 97 60; i.ock Springs.
Castle tote and Pleasant Valley, $7 tO: Coke,
fi:@li» in bulk and $13 * ton In sks.
CANNED bALMON -The Alaska Packers'As
toclntion quotes lied s*nlaton as follows: In lots of
26,000 cas-s. 95c ft doz-n: 60.000 cases, 9'JL^a %4
dozen: 75,000 cases, 9'jc V> doz«. •., net c«sn f. o. b.
ex-snlp. . *
SUtiAß— The Weste-.n Sugsr Refining Coinnany
quotes, 1 cruis net cash: Cube and Crushed, ">"'hc:
Powdered, :> :l 8 c: Fine Crushed, .*> 7 s c: Dry lirauu
lated, 4" 4 c; Confectioners' A. 4^i>': r.,ai?no;ia A,
4S g c: Kx.raC.4iio: UoidenC, 4Vs^> half barrels,
1,4 c more than barrels, and boxes Va c more.
SAX FRAMCIsCO , ME.tr MARKET.
Wholesale rates for ureased stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
HE! F— quality. 4Vfe@3c; second do. 4@
4 Vi (- : third do. 31 a c V&>
\ KA L— Large, 4(^sc; small,' 5-@6c "$ Ib
MU'lTON— Wethwrs, 4V2@sc; Ewes, 4@-liic
* lb.
LAMB— 6®6c V- Ib.
PORK— Live Loss. 2%c ■? Ib for large and 2T/ 8 c
for small aud medium; dressed do, 4V2-35c V tt>.
KKCIiIPTS OF PIIODUCK. .
TO* 24 nocßfl.
Flour, qr sks 4.670 ! Butter, ctls 262
Oregon 2.232 Cheese, ctls 55
Washington... 5.584 Kirgs. doz 6.7^0
Wheat. c;:s 70.0 Bides, no *38
Washington... 2.700 i Pelts, bdls 356
Barley, Cils 7,220 Wine, gals 52.2' 0
Beans. sks 1.060 Wool, bis 116
Oats, ctls 170 Sugar, bbls 2,610
Oregon 876 Lumber, M feet.. 40
Washington... 3,440 Quicksilver, 48
Potatoes, sks ", l>-7 leather, rolls 35
Unions, s-cs 632 Hops, bis 16
Bran, nks 50 Mustard Seed, sic 1.491
Oregon 4.915 S orts. Or sks... 1650
Middlings, sks... 4 40 Broom Corn, bis. 217
Hay, tons 674 I Lime, bbls 81
Cycling in the Desert.
I journeyed along some main camel
tracks — for example, th>* Palestine road —
and noted that a soft rock lies but an inch
or two below the sand, and that where
many spongy-footed beasts have passed
the path is at least as bard and as even
as a closely cropped English lawn. Nor is
the desert by any means all sand It has
broad traaks of overlying shingle and
much outcropping rock, and vast salt
pans whose beds are incrusted with a hard
deposit of glittering Hakes.— National Re
view.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
SKPTKMBKR, 18H6.
i
Su. Mo. To. W. Th. Fr. Ba. .Moons Phases
I Z Z Z—-iZ — -i *&7£T-
-0 7 8 9 10 11 12 >"<j\Flrs. Quart
; V^/ Sept- 13.
13 14 15 16 17 18 19  Full Moon
1 — va/ ■ Bept. 21.
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ~
vj*/ sept as.
27 28 29 30
OCEAN STJiAJUiiUi.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco-
RTKAMItH lOICSTINATION. |
SAILS.
I PIER.
Corona can Dieao. .... Septl4,llAti Pn»rlt
P0m0na..... llumboldtßay Septl4, Vru PleV «
Wetott..... tCel Kiver .-eptl*. Sp* Pier 1 1
Columbia... Portland : Sept 35, I'ler Ji
Faralioa Yequlna Bay. Uplift. 9am let A
Enreka Newport s>*ptl6. Cm Pier L I
City Puebla VlcAPgtSnd »eptlo, 9 a ii Pier 9
Truck** Coos flay SeptlS, Ipii|t'ierß
Alumedo.... Sydney Septl7, 2gu Pier 7
Empire..... | Ore«on ports . S*p:l7. be* t'ierl.s
Hanoi - Orays Harbor septlH.la v p.et '2
Newport.... I Panama SepilS.l2 v c M S S
banta Kosn I i*an J)i»?KO septlM. 11am PleriL
Arago i Coos Bay ..... septlH.lOAM Her li
State or Cal. j Portland 4ept-JU.IUAM Pier 34
Coosßay.... Newport 3epi2U Cam Pier I L
WallaWa.la Vie A Pgt Una Sept2l. 9AM!Plera
Arcata Oregon port* .. SeptJl.lOAM I l-lt'24
City Pekin.' China* Japan Bept2l. uru I'M SB
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
!->TEA)fKR
I
Fkhk
Dot
Weeott
Fara110n. .......
Pomona
Crescent City...
Eureka
Truckee ........
Kmp1rb. .........
Willamette
SUDOI
Santa Kosa.:...
North ForK
Australia
San Benito
Alca'.raz
Ara«o ...■.....'..
ate of Cal ...
Walla Waila. .
Orizaba
Coo* Hay .;■
City Sydney....
Arcata .........
Aliceßlancnard
Corona ..
Kei River sep v 13
Yaquina 8av...-. ..sept 13
Hum bold t Bay. Sept 13
Crescent City « pt 14
Newport. Sept 14
Coos Bay Septl*
P0rt1and........ ..sept 1 6
Departure Bay . .Sept 1)
Grays Harbor •. b'em 15
San Dleeo ...... Sept 18
Mumboldt Bay .Sept 16
Honolulu Sept IB
racoma Sept 16
coos Bay sept in
0kh8»t...............: ..Sept 17
Portland..... ..Bept 17
Victoria & hugtt Sound ..Sept 1?
Mexico...... ..Sept 17
Newp0rt........ ..sept 18
Panama.. Sept 18
l-ortlaDd Sept IS
or.-con p0rt5...... Kept '20
anDlepo.. :..-.... ..sept 20
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbaxch HYDBOORAPnic Offick. V. 8. N., 1
■ M KRUIIASTS' KXCJIANOB : ■ V
.. San Francisco, September 12. 1893. J.
The time ball on .Telegranh Hill was droppe.l
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at' noon of the l'Juth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. FBCHTBLtPB,
I Lieutenant V, S. N. ia charge.
Lleutenau; V. 3. N. iv charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. s. Coast ami Geodktic Bksvry Tibi)
Bfl LSTIS I'fBI.ISUKI) BY OFFICIAL V
AUTHllSliy OF THXM-riiBINTE^DIVT. )
SuoJ.i.-. September 13
Snn rises 5.61 Moon rises
Sun sets tf.uu Moon sets 10.17 m
September— l «S)6.
* H \V I, Mi |H W 'L \V\
iF] 5.-U! 475 9.^6 :>.-. 57*0
14! 6-57 4.3 10.86 3.7 4.41
I L W H\V L VV
15 0.28 0.0 B.OS 4.4 12.07
161 1.36 0.0 9.02 4.7 1.38
171 *.*« 0 0 9.44 5.1 V.49
11 3.^0 0.1 10.19 5.3 8.49
191 4.00 0.3 10.48 5.5 j 4.-J5
o.« ii.141 C7T
6.6
II W
38 6.07 5.5
3.6 7.*24 6.6
S.I S.SO 5 7
2.8 9.H8 5.7
-'.4 10.24 5.6
Notk— ln the aoove exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a< to time. The second time
column elves thn second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or ri?ht
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when trtere are but three tides, as sometimes
»ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and :hpn the number given is subtractlve
from the deoth it: yen by : lie chartn-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY.' September 12.
stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, 85 hrs trm Tacoma:
3M>O tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Royal, Williams, 15 days from Nushagak,
vlaCiilgniic Hay 11 days; ballast, to Alaska back
ers' Assn.
Stmr Columbia, Bolies. 68Vi hours from Port
land, via Astoria I--' hours;' Dais and mdae. to O 11
<t N CO. '-?•" ■;?
; Stmr Corona, Hall, 60 hours from . San .Diego
and way ports; pass and mdse, to (Joodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, BB^ hours from
Victoria and Pueet Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Gootiall. Perkins A Co. smttaiflSiSS^Si
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 65 hours from Cres
cent City: pass, lumber, etc to (fray & Mitchell.
Stmr Del Xorte.Stockfleth. 67 hours trotn Grars
Harbor: pass and lumber, to E X Wood Lum
ber Co.
Nor utmr Lynderhorn. Hammeraav 24 days
from Kuchlnottu: ballast, to Henry Lund A Co
Stmr Albion, Lundqulst. i:0 hours from Nesdle
Rock: bark, .0 .1 H Klmball. Up rlvea direct.
• BarK Will W Case, Wha'man. 20 days from
Bristol Bay; 6000 cs salmon, 4lb bbis salt salmon,
to Alaska Packers' Assn.
BarK Mercury, Colbo, 6 days from Port Blake
ley; lumber, to Kenton. Holmes & Co.
Hark Nicholas Thayer. Swnnsou, 21 days from
Nnshagak; 15.000 cs salmon, to Alaska Packers'
Assn.
Schr Sparrow, Clement, 4. days from Eureka;
lumber, to J it Hanify.
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, 614 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to S X siade Lumber Co.
Schr Melancthon, Hatch. BVi days from Colum
bia Hirer; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co. /
Schr Reliance, skipper, 44 hours from Walsh
Landing: 76 eds wood, to R A Ollbnde. - -
.Schr Bessie K. Anderson. 27 hours from Notley
Landing: 118 eds bark. 10 J S Kimbal.
Sclir Vesta, mndvaldt. 9 days trum Port Gam
ble; 400 M ft lumber, to Pugct Sound Lumber Co.
Schr Jane Gray. lloJksom, 17 days from Una
laska: ballast. 10 A P L rentz«»n.
Schr liem, Olsen. 4 days from Coos Bay; lumber,
to X B Dean * Co. Oakland direct.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, H days from Coquille
River: lao M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared.
BATCKDAY. September 12.
Br ship Cedarbank, Mojdy, Hull; Balfour, Uuth
rie & Co.
Br ihip Dltton, Btap, Qaeenstown; Geo W Me-
Near.
;-chr Czarina, schmaiz, Sand Point; McCallum
Fisuing and Tradlug Co.
Sailed.
SATURDAY. SeptembT 12.
Stmr Coos Bay. .Tanson. San I'tdro.
Kr ship Sprlnctanrn, Hae. HuiL
Urshp l'nmrose Hall, Wilson, fydney.
Srhr Czarina. Schmalz. Sand Point.
Ocean Jfpray, Neson, Ive,rsens Landing.
Kchr Maxim. Olson. Casnar.
Schr Orient, Mitchell, Coos Bay.
Telpgriiphlc.
POINT LOROS. Sent. 12-10 p. v.— Weather
foggy: winii S\\ ; velocity 'JO miles.
t'hartf r*.
The ichf CM! toads mdse for M&tatlan &nd Sin
Bias: bktn Echo, luaibe-. at Coos Bay. for Sydney
32s 6d, Port P.rie 3&8 9J, AU-lbourue or Adelaide
40s. '
Spoken.
Sept 1, lat 24 N. ton? 40 W— Br ship Craigend,
hen :■>' May 23. for Queensto.vn.
S"pt 6. lat 3"< N. long 12 \V— Brship Gifford,
from Swansea, for s^n Francisco.
Meinornnrlum.
Per stmr Royal — All 2 28. 30 miles SK of Vhmak
Pass, spoke tlie bark W W Case, 5 days oat from
NwshayaK. for ~»n i- ran el .--co. Hark Invincible
was to sail from Chignik Bay Sept i for San Jr'ran-
ClMfO.
Per «chr .Tare Qray— Was seized Aus 22 by I" s
stmr Thos Corw.n and ordered .0 rnalaska; from
there was ordered to proceed to j^aa Francisco.
Dimiii' -t i< Ports.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Sept 12-stmr Caspar, for
San Kranclsco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Sent 10-Strnr D I
Norte and schr* Orion, L.i GlrOude and Charles R
Wilson, all for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrive I Sept 12-Stmr State of Cal
ifornia, hence Sept 10; Brstmr Monmouthshire,
from Hougkons. I ia«>*Q9|SßM9e
Sailed sept 12— Stmr Empire, for San Francisco.
NEW WHATCOII— ArrIvoJ Sept 12— -chrLena
bwasey, hence Ajg 23.
FORT BKAoG— Sailed Sept la-Stnr Noyo, for
San Francist.o.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr San Beoi'.o.
hence Sept 8.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Cle3ne
for San Francisco.
BOW ENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sep: 12— ScUr
Corinthian, hence >ept 6.
NEKDLK ROCK— Arrived sept U— Schr Ba^
barn Herns'er. hence Sept 10.
itEDONDO— Arrived Sept I— Stmr livestport,
from Usal.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 12— Schr Mary E
Kuss, for San Francisco.
SA.V PEDKO— Anlved 12— Stmr National
CUv, from San Diego.
GREENWOOD— saiIed Sept 12-Stmr Whttea
boro. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 12— stmr Farralon. fm
Yaquina Bay; schr Jessie Minor, hence Aug 26.
sailed Sept 12— Stmrs Pomona and Farralon,
for »an Francisco.
Kastern Ports.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept IJ— Strar Alliance,
from Colon. Sept 10-Ship Aryan, hence May 28.
Foreign Ports.
PANAMA— Arrived Kept I— Schr Costa P.ica.
from Champerlco. Sept 3-smr San Bias, hence
Aug H. AugSO— stm- San Juan, from Corinto.
Au< 24 — Stmr City Of Sydney, hence July 29.
sailed Aug stiur City of byduey, for San
Cisco.
Importations.
VICTOKI City of Pnebla-34 Mis -hides
etc, 1 sk tails. 1 obi castings, I bx xlass, 1 sk coin.
Port Townaend— 62 bdU whalebone, 1 sic coin. 2
pkgs Ivory. 12 a furs, 'ii bdls skins, 1 cs salmon,
1 -Kit tndse.
Seattle— B pk«s mdse, 1 cs dry eoods. 1 bx ore. 2
coin. 500 tons coal, lOJsks flour, 10 hxs fish.
1 bx harness, 1 horse, 1680 sks oats, 2 cs tobacco.
12bxs salmon.
West of Fargo, via Tacoma— l , ts dry goods. Ics
gum: 1 bale SOUO sks flour. 2060 sks wheat, 1 pltg
<iiiis<\ 'Mi bdls hoop*.
East of FarfcO, via Tacoma— 2 cs books, 2 pkgs p
ware. ■
Tacoma— l bx dry goods. 1 pkgr mdse. 1 bbl fish,
1 cschoese. 13 sks peas, 6 pcs lumber, 400 bars
bullion, 1 bx c supples. 1 bbi s butter.
New Whatcom-8 pugs mdse.
a nacortes — sks oats. 2450 hb's lime.
Everett -12 ketcs 8 bxs nails. 210 bars bullion,
95 pen lumber, 814 rolls. 14 cs H75 bdls paper.
Vancouver— 4o Ddls hides, 30 cs champagne, 1
es s card. 2 1 chairs.
Vancouver, via CP B 8— 23 cs dry goods. 132
cs tobacco. 351 cs boots and shoes. 170 obis oil, 25
cs cigarettes, Ics 8 bdls leather, 1 8 cs toys, 17 cs
hosiery, 3 esc clasps, s 'en harnes, 5 pkKs mdse. 'i
bdls pianos. 1 cs starch. 104 bxs pat medicine.
CAN DIEOO— Per coroua— 36B pkgs m<Js<». 24
bbls ta'low, 30 bdls dr fish. 14 bbis pickled lish, 6
bx» oranges. 281 bxs lemon*.
Newport— 3 pkgs misc. 10 bxs oranges, 10 bxs
seed, 92 sks peanuts, -6 bxs lemons.
Re>:o:ido— 4 bxs lemons, 38 piCKs mdse. IB sacks
castor beans, 11 sks flaxseed, lUO sks dr fruit, -.0
cs eggs, 3 cs seed. ► -
Los Angeles, via Port LosAngeles-S cs olive
Oil. 46 pkgs mdse. 39 bxs oranges, 2 cs mustard,
80 kegs nails- 100 bdls shook*.
Port Los Angeles— l pkg mdie, 3 bxs lemons.
Santa Barbara- 169 pkgs mdse, »7 bxs lemons
41 aoalones, 1 bx fish.
Los Alamos— 4s7 sks wheat.
• Los Olivos-7. sks wheat.
Santa Maria— l 24 sks wheat, 188 sks oats, 20 cs
mustard, 862 sks barley.
. Pon Harford— 6 dressed calves, 23 cs eggs, 1 keg
13 bxs g apples, 2 coops chickens, 1 bdl skins, 1 cs
bacon, 1 keg 1 tub 8 bzs butter. 2 bdis pel 1 cs
ei-iir.i, "_'ii bdls g hides. -0 cans tallow, 38 bxs lidu,
'£ coops poultry. 71 pkgs mdse. I
Los Angeles, via ReUondo— 7 cs bellies, 33 pices
rndse, 37 cs evap cream, 10 cs wine. 16 bbla 10 cs
bams. "■
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
483 ski bran, I*6l gunnies 1116 sks flour, 1142
pkgs paper, 1650 sks shor:«. 907 bdls hides, 149
piegs noap, lti M ft lumber, 2000 bdls laths, 275 cs
salmon. 243 sks oystora. 160 bxs scrap tin, X sack
com, 1 lot express. - •
CREBCEN-T CITY— Per Rival— 247 M ft lumber.
14 kegs 7 tubs 17 bxs butter, 3 cs meat. 'i pkgs
mdse.
Trinidad— 640 M shingles, 2487 costs.
URAYS HARBOR— Per Del None— 2bdlsben'n,
841 M ft lumber.
Consignees.
Per Corona— O Canilllon! A Co: American Union
Fish Co; H Dotard; Bri^ham, Hopoe A Co: Pacific
Coast Fish Co; D £ Allison it Co ; L D Stone A Co;
Payot, Upham<fc Co: Hills Bros: Kissinger A Co:
Dairymen's Union: Hllmer, Bred ho A >chulz: O
B Ingugiia; Buss, Sanders A Co; Wetmoreßros;
OB Smith A Co: Levi Spiegel A Co; Dal ton Bros:
Sacramento Fish Co: 8 1' Milling Co: J P Thomas;
Cnicngo Brewery; Witzel A Baker; Un on Ice Co;
Buffalo Brewery: Marshall A iteimers: Bavaria
Brewery; Enterprise Brewery;- Kobler A Chase;
Herman Waideck: Wheaton, Brton ACo: Harris
Bros: H Kirchmann A Co; Martlnoni A Podesta;
C S. Whitney AUo; Norman A Co; Geo W Harris:
Dodge, Sweeney <£ Co; ' Labor Exchange; Morton ,
TelivervCo: Western Meat Co; Charles Abraham:
National Brewery: B C Boescke; A Paladin! : F
Cavatriaro: O B Smith & Co: Miianl & Co: Pnfla
delphla Brewery: Lievre, Fricke & Co; J A Folger
& CO: I. Scatena A Co; J D Spr.-Cxels & Bros Co; J
DUsborne; Wellman. Peck dtcc; Wolf & son; E
J Knrthilclee: liakerit Hamilton-. Robert Smiile;
Eyeleth & Nash: E J Bowen A Co; KB Haitnt: D
J 0 Perkins: McDonough ARunycn: M s Slums;
Gray A Barbien: Cahn, Nickelsburg A Co: Boston
woven Hose ana Rubber Co; W C Pries * Ci>< Ir-
T,l n^ Bros : Sa " (■'raucisco Brewery: ! artalls Co:
W B Sumner A Co; • Cailforain V'hemicai .Works; ,
Chaix A Bernard: California Undertaking Co;PaC"
Oil and Lead Works: Oen Klectric Co: It W Cha 11
-berlain; HOUreenhood; Kuuison A Ingo d: Cal
\V me Assn: Cstho;lc'Art and Book Store: Hooker
* Co: M L Stevens: cudahy Packing Co; Morgan
A right: C W H«wke< Clayburgb. Golcher &
Co: M E Stoddart; . Wa'erheuse A Lester; John
Rapp A Co: California Tract Society.
' Per -Thomas Louf-hran: OB Smith * Co:
C;K Whitnev.v :> . .Norton, Idler A Go: lrvio«
Bros; GrayAMltcbel: Hooper A Jennings: -Man,
Sadler A Co: V a Halght: Witzel A Baker; DT
C Perkins; C Zweir.ein.
PerCliy of I'uebU-Wells. Fargo A Co; Stockton
Lumber I'D; J X Armsby A Co: Kowalsky a Co- S
P Taylor Paper Co; Baker A Hamilton: H I>utard;
Thomas Loughran: American Union Fish Co: Pac
Butchers. S <pply Co; Wieiand Brewln" Co: Her
man Watdeck A CO; Moore. Ferguson A Co; X »V
Appieby: C J Leist A Co: uubcars Bros; Wm Mo-
Clure: Selby Smelting and Lead Co; M 8 James:
H Uebes A Co; j C Widstead: Am Tobacco Co:
Dun A Co: Hiram C Vaugun: John R Jones; P. P
BaUaru; Wiliman Bros: X McLaren; Cental Coat
Co; WO Hlnion; Am Biscnlt Co: B Lachttg; G II
Howari; Hoffman & < o: H W Hlg^ini A 10: Pae
Wood and Cooperate Co; J Kverding A Co: Ho hv
child A Ehrenpfort: J P Thomas: Thos Watson: 8
Strerates: \V Loalza & Co; Brown A Metz:ier: Del
Monte Milling Co; Dickens Lumber Co; Gen Elec
tric CO: Kolb A Denhani; Rev H B McMillan: P
M Reed: Miller, Sloss A Scott: H T Holmes Lime
Co: W G Kicnards n; i .lake. Moffif A Town*) \V
H Rrown: Emil Jacobs: Murphy, Grant A Co: Am
Tobacco Co: Buckingham. Hecht A Co: Williams,
Marvin A. Co: Cahn, Nickel.ibursr A Co; Webster
A Co; Tillmann A Bendel: Main A Winchester! W
W McChesney A sons; Sherman, Clay A Co: WJ
Thorkell: Davis Bros; Kittle A Co; N X Lowell:
Bates A Co.
• Per Del Xorte— Weston Basket and Mfg Co; E X-
Wood Lumber Co.
Per Columbia— Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; C
E Sheldon: Moore, Ferguson « Co: Haas Bros: t'
Ilillens A Co; Kissinger A Co: Geo Morrow A Co;
MPDeteU; Otis. McAllister A Co; Pacific Sheet
Metal WorKs; C a Hooper A CO: MBMoraghan:
Morgan Oyster Co: Fogarty A Parker: Edward F
Niehaus; Wells. Fargo A Co; Williams. Brown A
Co; Western Roll Paper Co: Albion Lumber Co;
M . . A Wanner; DarbeeA lmmel; a 1) muiiu;
M J Kinney; Cal Cheese Co.
Tor Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Page.
WMTED-Ovcrdue Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY COUNTRY — FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
• 130 Sansome st (Tel. Red 411).
N. B.— No charge unless successful. ' List of S. F.
references, mercan:l!e and professional, gratis and
post free. -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP cobpaii-
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jfi«SL,
road way wkar:, tjaa Francisco, as-SSKHQEC
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorinsr, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll-
llsnooand Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11,26.
• For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anaeortes and
New W. atcom (Bellinehara Bay, Wash.), 9a. v.
6«-pt. 1, 6, 11, 16, ill, 26, and every fifth nay there
after, connect at Vancouver with the P. K.
R., atTaroma with N. P. R. 1:., at Seattle w'.th ii.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For !■ ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) .s:r. Pomona 2 p. m., B^pt -2, 6. 10, 14,
18. '.'3, 1.6, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harioid (san 1 uls Übispo), Gbviota, iSarita
Barbara, Ventura, Hueueme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
8-pt. 4, 8, lit, 16, 2U, 28, and every fouriu
day thereafter.
For *an Dteeo. s:opplnnt only nt Port Hanord
(San Luis Gbispo), *-anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
reUs, Kedoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m. Sept. 9, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, kb, SO and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsetiftaa, s«n Jo^edel Cabo. Mazailan, La
Pas and Quay mas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. '..'si.li of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. ■ . . . ■
■ UUODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
■j 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO.-R.&'N. CO.
DISPATCH FAsT STKAMERBTO
PORTLAN 33
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
I, AT?TT,/5 12 »"ir»t-clasB 1 Includlni?
X' 4.\ J.tXJ\«,{; Second-class /berth & meals
SCIiKDtLE OF BAILINGS: ;
Columbia §ept. 15, 25.. 0ct. 5, 15
State or California Sept. 20, £0, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets, and through . baijraire to all
Eastern points. Kates and folders uiton appica-
tlon to .
F. F. CONNOR. Gene ai Anont. •
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PKRKIN3ACO., ijuperlnteudeuts ,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND. |B ey
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. H. ALaJi!m>\ sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SV'DSKY, Thursday, beptember
17. at '1 p. x. ■
S. s. AU-TRALIAfor HONOLULU only, Tues- 1
day. September 22. a 10 a.v. Special part/ rate*. I
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, AUSt., and CAPi£TO\V.\.
(South Africa.
J. D. 6PHKCKELB A BROS, tn, Agents. ■• : ;v
11-. Montgomery street, >
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. Sun Franclsoo.
COIPA6SIE (JESERAL TPtAHSATLASTIQUB
rrench Lin'* to Havrs.
COMP.VNV>PIER(XE\V),42.VoIITIt M* «_
\J River, foot ot Morton sc Traveler! by S!*HS(! !
this lino avoid both transit oy J£nsllsa rail way ~ah i 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel lnasimi
boat. New Yors to Alexandria, KgjrpCi vu P^rU
lint-ciass9l6o; second-class, 91 lti.
LA TOURAINK sept. 19. 7 a. M.
LAGASCUGNK.... Sept. 16, 8 a. X.
LA BKKTAUNK Oct. 3, 7 A. M.
LACUaMPAGNK Oct. 10, 3 a. it.
LA TOCRAINE.... Oct. 17. 6 a. m.
j63T For further particulars anply to
• A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
, J. F. FTTGAZI £ CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco, v-
WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BETWEK^T
New York, Queen & Liverpool,
SAILI.Mi HVISKIf WJ&titS..
riAßir«,»6o AND UPWARD, ACCORD- mm-
\J in«r to steamer ami accommodations jfiifffi
selected; second cabin, $ aMJ and^4 1 0: Haj.  v
an 1 Teutonic, steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Hcotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERV, Pacific Mail Dock, or at taa
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER.
, General .\e«n' ror i'm.-'-i fr.<>,-
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COfIPATC.
STEAMERS LEAVK ASPINWALL /&**%-
fortnightly for the West Indies and '*MBi
Southampton, calling en route at cerbouren,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, .$195; third
Class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
- PAKROTT A CO., A cents.
m SHU >'»litnrnl.-\.<it.
• STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 0 I*. M. Dally, 1 relghi received up
to .::*,» P. j>£. . *
tpf Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
. 1 lie only Hue nia*in< through rates on Valley
Road freight. . ■
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, O. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. ana ixata. Ua
U.S. IITT-TARD. MARE ISLAND, VALLEJO,
•Beniria, Tort tosia. *fr«ckrtt and *Viiluiu.
STB. ' MOXT.ICXXI.O, -
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. v. (Saturdays **I'<: 3 )
A. M.), 8:30 p. m. Sundays 8 p. m. oulv. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission St. Telephone Biacc
Ml. HATCH «KO^.
* 4' and 8 p. k. trips only.
** Kxcuralon trip. Gives 5 hours at .Nary-yard.
FOR SAS JOSE. LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
QTKAMER ALVISO LKAVKS PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
7p. M. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, i are between Han Francisco and A! viso,
50c: to Bin Jose. 75c. Clay st., Pier 1. 'M W.
Santa Clara St., s H n Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
IoUNfTpLPiiT
Trains connect with North Pacific
Count Kail road.
WJBKJE DAYS— S. F. 9:15 a. x. 1 :U> r. m.
Returning— S. t>". 3:25 p M. 6:20 p. M.
SUNDAYS— LeaveS.F. Ba. M 11:»0a. m. I:3upm.
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1:15 km 4:20 p.m. 7:35 it.
. 'llcleets for sale in Mill Valley or -
THO-. COOK & sONB, 621 Market St., S. F. .
21111 Valley and Mount Tamalpals scenic Railway.
RAILROAD TRAVEU
S. F. AND PORTLAmTeX^
GURSION TRAIN
SEPT. 5, 10,.15, 20. 25, 30, " .
; And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave ircun »■ P. Co.'i Ferry Landing, toot of
: • Market St., at 8:00 p.m.
ftnrrjiJll l AIA lndudins Berth,
cP ■UIAI f Ol U " Tourist Sleeper.
w%m^rin>~ { TUmX Firn-class. including
RATES Siar-.T^tvS?^
tot fur her In forma ion apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), 6. F. - -
lilcIL*KD GRAY, T. 11. i.iinM AN,
Gen, frame Mgr." Gen Pass" Agt.
SOUTIIKISN l*%«'iriC COMPASY.
(PACIFIC BTBXUL I
Ti-jtln« leave mill are due In nrrlre ai
NAN I'IJAMUSt <^.
*- BAY * — Fno« Bebtemcer 3, ISX. — ■_ aiuuvi
•O:OO \ Nilcs, Baa Ji to and Way Stations . . . 8:43 a
7:»O\ Atlantic Express, oelen and i:.isti.. 8:-»5p
7:00 a licnicii. VacaVilie, ltncssiy. Bacn-
mento, Ore villa end Uudding via
DavLj;  6:45p
7«0«\ Martibez, Baa Ramon, Kepa, Calls-
toga and banta Rosa 6:13p
•:»O.\ Nilt.'i, H.ui Jose, Mod; ton, lone,
S^<rSn^cllto, Marysvlllo and Ki-'l
IJlnil 45151»
•8:30 a Pct:rs and Milton »7:13p
O:««>.\ Los Anjclca Exi'res3. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.on Auselcs 4i43»
9:0«. v Martinez and Stockton.... 11:4.1 a
OiOO.v Vallcjo 0: 1 3p
I:OO|- Nilcs, San Jo3o ami Livcrmare B:i3x
•l:OOi»Bacramonti>lliTfr Steamers •UiOOp
1 1 :SOi» Port Costa and Way Stations t7:l3p
4:llUi' Martinez, Han Ramon, V.ill«ji>,
Napa, Calisioga, V.I Vcrauo aud
Bnnta SUB*
4:OOi> Ci-aici.i, .VaciTiller-Esparto, Wood-
* land, • K::ißht« rending. Marys-
Tillc, OroTillo and Sacramento.... 10t43*
4:30i > Kiloa f Ban Jbsa, I.ivcri;ioro and
Stockton 7:13*
4:30p Merced, Uarenda, : lliytnoud (for
Yo=-. and Fresno.... 11:43 a.
3i»«p NewOrlcaua i;:i)ri'-3.i"resiio.Bakers-
flclil. .S'ant.iHJarbnm,lios Angeles,
Kciiiir.i;, El l'aso, New Orleans and
• East.... , 10:13 a
3:00p Hnnta Fu I'.oiitc, A llautio Impress
for Moj»T(j ami Katt., ............. lOiI.Ia
SiOOpVelkJo :.:..... II : ISA
O:Odi- liunn'ran Mntl, Og<lim and'lCoit..'.. »t43.\
O:<KU*Hayivi»vilM. Niksuud Han .105e....*. 7:13\
J7:o«i> Vallejo, ..................;.. f7:l3p
7:0 or Ore»oa j;»prpß3,Hacraiii<>nto, Marys-
, ville, ItsidUipji, Portland, i'uget -
'BoiinAaiiil I'nst .■■..•....; lOt4»A
SANTA 4'lH:^ IHVInM».N (Xarrnvr (.nngo. ~
17:43 a yanta Cruz Excursion, tanta Cms • •
and Prlncipsl Way Stations ; J8:O3»
8:13 a N<ntark.Ceiilerville,BauJoso,Felton l
BoulderCTcck,BautaCru2andWay - • •
Stations 3isOp
*2:13r Newark. OentcrriJlc, San Joae, New
Aliuadcii, Futon, l!i<nl(lcr Greek,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations »1I:2Oa
4;l3l'ycsyark. .lo*o acd I.on (,'atos.... «:sOa
COAST IMVIMOM (I'llh'il A TrtUllM-lnl Slk.)
' *0:43 a Hati Jose ami Way tjutlcnia (New T 1
Almadcn Wednesdays only) U:47a
. 17i30a Sunday F.icursion for San Jose,
Hanta Cruz, Pacific Gro»e, and
Princii Way Stations JB:33p
! B:13a San Jo.^.-. Trcs rlllOS, Santa CrUZ,
i - ■ • Vacilio nto»e. l'aso Itoblcs, Sau
. Luis Oliispo, Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:0Bp
t9:47.v Pali Alto and Way Stations • tti3op
ioi'li>.\ Mmi .Icmonud W.ty .Stiilioua 3:oop
Ili3oa PaloAtto and Way StatlOKS B:a©p
•a:a»r San Matoc, Mcnlo Park, Han .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa *'ru/.,
Salina3,Montcrey nml racTOcGrote *iO:4OA
•Bi3«»r San Jose, l'acilio Grore and Way
Stations *l:30r
•4:30p San .lose fiiil Way Stations *K:«»Ga
5:SOi» and Princiiul .Statious *8:48 a
«:::«!• San Joso ami Way Stations <i::ts.\
tll:15i- San .1..-.soni 'l WavStStlntis 47:1.~»i-
SAN I.KAM'KO AM!) HAYUAltlts LOIIAL.
t»6:00A"J • ( 7: ISA
8:0:>A • <0:43 a
iB:«Sa Melrose, Seminary Park, \\sl*
"lIoSp Fitcliburg,SanLeandro "fjJi;
3:0 Or ' In ! 4:45r
4:00p >■ 1 3:*«>P
3:0«r Hiivn-inls O:l.»p
3:aop Hs)wards. 7 . 4 - p
.7:»0p 8:4-2p
liicop » Runs through to Niles. 9:43p
O:COp * Runs Diroush to Ailes. 1 (>:.")<» i
It 1 1 :13p J * From Niles. imSiOOP 1
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»m S»H FR&KCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:C0 11:00 a.M. tl:CO *2:30 13: CO
•i:O3 tG:OO *6:CQp.m. ;
from OiKUKD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 BKX)
10:00 a.m. »2:50 •1:03 t2:00 *3:00 ti:00
> s:oar.M.
A for Morning. ■ v. : : '. P for Afternooil.
* Sundays e.vctt>te(i. 1 Saturdays only.
I Sundays only.
H Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SMFR.4i\CISCO&SORTHPA.
I CIFIC RJJLWAY CO.
Tlburon Kerry -Foot of Market
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEKK l i AYS - 7:30 ' 9:00, 11:00 *••*••• 19:SX
8:30, 6:10, 8:80 T. M Thursdays-Extra Ms
at 11 :30 p. it Saturdays— itxtra trips M 1:M
; eONDAYS-7f3O?0:3O. 11:00 A. U.; I:3ft 3:3 a
BONDAYS-?:30, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30. 3:3%
6:00. BsaOP.it .«.«•.
Han Kafuel to San FrsncUeo.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IB, 7:60, 9:10. • 11:10 a. M..
18:45. 3:40. 5:10 p'.K.
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
BX7 •i00.^p 35^ 9^ 1 U:l ° *" *-• 1:40> 3i **
B *W t D.^O P. m»
Between San Fnnclsco and Scnuetsen Park ■«-!■ 1
schedule as above. . "*"*■
- -^* re . Inpffoct I Arrive
— Francisco. A p**^* I San Frlmflsca
W«xit| Sow- i^^tiarJ c*>«e *>«- I Wm"
Patb. I days. J>»»tlnaUott^ DAYS- i A YtL
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ah
8:30 pm 9:30 am: Petaluma, 6:05 py 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
"~~ i Fulton, ; ~?~-
-7:30 ah Windsor, 10:10 am
iHealdsbur?,
|G«yserville,
8:80 7:30 am| Cloverdale. 7:80 pm 8:15
Pleta, ~~ r '
T:3oam Hopland A 10:10 am
8:30 pm i 7:30 am Uklah. 7:80 PM 6:15 pm .
1 :30 am T Tt 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 rM
9:30 pm j 6:15 pm
7:80 am 7 :30 am I Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6 :10 pm 5 :00 pm j Glen Ellen. 6 :05 PM 8 1!5 pm ■
6:10 pm 6:00 ?m| Glen Ellen. 6:06 PM 6:15 pm
7:80 am 7:30 AMI a ch «.tonol 110:40 AM|10:10 AM
»:80pm;5:0OpmJ He ° Mtopol I 6:06>m1 6:l6rM
Stages connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
.Boring*; at Geyserville for Stcaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Krlseyville, Soda Bay and i.akeport; at
Zlopland for Lakeport and Barttett Springs: at '
tlkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratofa Springs, Bin*
lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Book* .
-ell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvilie, Booneville,
■Greenwood, Orr's Rot Springs. Mendoclno City.
»ort Bragg, W*stport , Usal, Wlllets, Cahto, Of
T»lo, LaytonTlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
mm.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be*
jroud ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Ofßc^s, 650 Market St., Chronicle bnil.lln&
B* C. WHITING-, R. X. BY AS,
. Cen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Ageak
Atlantic
Pacific jKlllk
RAILROAD
Trains leave and arrive >: r^hS^^^^S^Sn
Warket-Stre«t Ferry. fe^P^^^^i
SANTA FE EXPRESS. ISpi
To Chicago via A. & r.\sSSwfekP^
Direct Line . . I*&<SSS2r 1 &t& \
Leaves every day at 6 p. m., carrying Pulimaa
Palace Drawing-room Hleepers, also- Modern Lp.
holBttT"d Tourist Sleeplug-cars. with clean linen -
and bedding and In charge of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and St. Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the White
.Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from .California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San FrancUco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle IJuilditig. Tele phone Main
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
From San Francisco, i mincing June 15, 1833. '
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill \ alley and San Rafael — 7:00, »8?00
•9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. m.; "1:45, 3:20, 4:15,
' 6:16, »6:00. .-.35 p. m.
Extra trips for Ban Itafnel on Mondays, Wedne*
aay»and S&turdavs at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Kan Rafael— *B:oo, '9:00 •
. »10:00, 11:30 A. m.; «»ll':3J. »1 :30. *2:15, »4:00\
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. Kxtra trip to Batualltoas
11:00 a. m. -
Trains marked • run to San Qnentln. •♦12:30
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
•• THROUGH TRAIN'S.
For Point Reyes and way s;»i.ioos_ 9 a. m. '
Sundays.
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way stations—
8:00 a. .Sundays: 1:45 r. m. weekdays.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U«E DA3IIA^A BITTKI&S. i'J-Ji
great Mexican Homedor; «tvwt alimum *44
felitDtfU. 19 urn a*x wd UQfao*
3132
COLLIS TAKES
ANOTHER TRICK
Galveston Played Against
New York for im
migrants.
RATES MUCH REDUCED.
Fare the Same to the Texas
Port as to the Great
Metropolis.
OCEAN LINES IN THE DEAL.
Through Service From Bremen and
Hamburg to the Coast to Be
Inaugurated.
No scheme apparently is too bold and
broad for Colhs P. Huntington, president
of the Southern Paciiip Company, to un
dertake. The latest move of the famous
author of the statement "all the traffic will
bear" is to make Galveston an entrepot
for European emigration in rivalry to
New York.
Negotiations are now pending between
the Southern Pacific Company and two of
the great trans- Atlantic steamship com
panies, by which it is hoped to materially
lessen the cost of second-class and steer
age transportation between European
ports and the Pacific Coast.
So far have these negotiations proceeded
that it can now be announced as a fact
that the North German Lloyd Company
will establish a monthly line of steamers
between Bremen and Galveston, with
passage rates not higher than for the same
classes of business to New York. The
steamers it wiil detail for this new ser
vice are the well-known Halle ana the
Crefeid, vessels that have excellent repu
tations and an enviable prestige, acquired
in successful traffic with the port of New
York.
These vessels were designed for steerage
passeneers, and the ample upper space
usually monopolized by cabin passengers
in vessels carrying such is, in these, given
up to the comfort and convenience of the
steerage, and gives safe ana enjoyable ac
commodations for 1000 people. "
The steamers Wittekmd and Willehad,
sisters to the Halle and the Crefeld, and
under the same ownership, are also men
tioned in connection with this service.
The Halle is bulletined to sail from
Bremen for Galveston direct on September
20, and the Crefeld is scheduled to follow
her one month later, on the 20th of Octo
ber, and thereafter the 20th of each month
is to be the sailing oay for a steimer irom
the port of Bremen to Galveston.
The Hamburg American Company has
signified its intention of emulating the en
terprise of the Bremen line, and will put
suitable steamers of its fleet in a similar
service, with Hambure as a port of depar
ture. It is further announced that if the
proper encouragement is receivea by these
companies they will put into operation a
bi-monthly service from each of their
respective ports to Galveston direct,
greatly to the advantage of the commer
cial world to the westward of the port of
Galveston, for the steamers will carry
freight as well as passengers.
The fare from Bremen to New York is
$34, and it will be the same to Galveston
Dy the proposed new line. From Ham
burg to New York the fare is $31 50, and it
will be the same from the German port to
Galveston. It will thus be seen that the
passenger destined to San Francisco will
be able to save the difference between the
fare from New York to San Francisco and
that from Galveston to San Francisco.
There are two generally used routes at
present between New York and San Fran
cisco lor this class of business. One is by
steamer to Norfolk, thence by rail to des
tination. The other is all rail. By the
former the fare is $58 25 and by the latter
$63 25. in the one case the passenger will
be able to save $16 75 and in the other
$21 75, a most important consideration to
people of this class.
Another very important advantage that
passengers will enjoy who take the pro
posed new route will be the absence of the
mauy transfers from one line of railroad
to another. At Galveston, which point
they will reach without having been com
pelled io make any change, they wiil be
put aboard the Southern Pacific train and
be taken direct to their destination with
out further transfer.
For many years the Southern Pacific
has maintained a large and extensive or
ganization in Europe, with a view to
securing this class of business, and until
very recently had its own agent stationed
at New York to look after the westbound
immigrants. This business has been for a
long time and is yet the subject of much
controversy between the different trans
continental railroads, and this latest move
of the Southern Pacific will make that cor
poration practically master of the situa
tion. It has its own agents at Hamburg,
London, Liverpool, Rotterdam and Ant
werp, and these representatives will un
doubtedly see that ali the passenger* they
are instrumental in securing for the Pa
cific Coast are routed via Galveston and the
Sunset line.
Opposition to the plan of the Sonthern
Pacific has already arisen among the roads
of the Western Passenger Association,
who claim that passengers should not be
billed by the steamship people farther than
Galyeston, and that they should be left
free at the Texas port to choose their own
route. This issue remains to be settled.
While this ingenious arrangement, con
ceived in the ever fertile brain of the aged
and able magnate at the helm of the
Southern Pacific Company, is likely to
prove ot advantage to the intending emi
grant and to the State of California by
saving money for the one and adding to
the population of the other, the philan
thropy is of the kind suggested in the
maxim, "Charity begins at home." This
is where the great monopolist will find
his recompense:
First— He will be diverting a large percent
age of the emigrant traffic from the transconti
nental lines, which make up the rail route
between New York and the Pacific Coast, to
the Sunset route.
Second — He will make his European organi
zation of emigraut-humers more remuner
ative.
Third— He will be taking away additional
business from the Central Pacific Railroad,
and thus be in a position to make a more
urgent appeal to Congress for leniency in the
matter of the debt of that railroad to the
United States Government.
Fourth— Ho will be adding to the population
of the State and to its productive capacity, and
will thus secure an increased number of vic
tims, to whom the cinch may be applied until
they yield up all the traffic will bear.
Fifth — He will be in a position to carry out,
to some extent at least, his idea that this State
is in great need of cheap labor.
On the whole, this latest scheme of Col
lis P. Huntinptdi is pronounced by rail
road men to be one of the cleverest of the
many that he has fathered for the undo
ing of rivals and for the benefit of his own
pet properties.
Stabbed a French Sailor.
Julius Allain, a French sailor 24 years of
age, was taken Trom a ship at Fremont-street
pier last night to the City Prison and detained
for tie acting Consul of France. Allain fought
with a sailor on board a French shio and In
flicted some knife wounds without, however,
doing serious injury. He was put. in irons and
later surrendered to the police. Probably he
will be taken to France for trial.
FAVOR THE CHARTER.
Meeting: to Be Held Under the Direc
tion of the Citizens' Charter
Association.
There will be a meeting of the Imperial
Bicycle Club at the club's headquarters,
614 Van Ness avenue, to-morrow evening
to consider the new charter. James D.
Phelan, president of the Citizens' Charter
Association, Colonel M. H. Hecht and
Henry N. Clement, members of the Board
of Freeholders who made the charter, will
address the club.
At the special request of the Panhandle
ana Ashbury Heights Improvement Club,
the president of the Merchants' Associa
tion, P. W. Dohrmann, and the secretary,
J. Richard Freud, will address the mem
bers of the club upon the new charter next
Tuesday evening. The club's headquar
ters are in Columbia Cyclery Hall, 1970
Page street, and it is expected that a lar^e
number of the residents of Ashbur3'
Heiehts will attend the meetine.
Rev. William C. Pond has called a meet
ing of the young men of Bethany Church
to arrange for a charter meeting next
week. He has applied to the Citizens'
Charter Association for speakers, who will
be shortly announced.
MADE THE LAME WALK.
F. A. Kraugfl Bad to March in a Parade
Although Physically Incniiable.
F. A. Kraus.s, a cigar-dealer, who be
longed to the Deutscher Krieger Verein,
has sued that organization for $5000 dam
apes.
Krauss is a cripple, one of whose legs,
by reason of a wound received during the
Franco- Prussian war, is three inches
shorter than the other. On the last Fourth
of July the Deutscher Verein, of which
Krauss was then a member, participated
in the parade. Krauss marched with his
comrades for two miles, when he says he
became exhausted and was compelled to
withdraw. A wrangle followed, and on
August 19, 1896. Krauss was expelled from
the society. He therefore sues for $5000
damages.
WINE CROP IS SHORT.
Output This Year Will Be Nearly
Fifty Per Cent Less Than
Last Season.
Several Large Distilleries, However,
Are Already Being Erected for
the Crop of 1897.
Chief Deputy Loupe has just returned
from a visit to Fresno and neighboring
towns, where he was called to make an
official inspection of the sweet- wine
plants. After a thorough canvass of the
field he reached the conclusion that the
sweet-wine production of 1896 in this dis
trict will not be within 50 per cent of what
it was last year.
This means that the sweet-wine output
will hardly reach the 2,000,000 gallon
mark. The same territory last year pro
duced 4,233,000 gallons of sweet wine.
Dry-wine making will be subjected to the
same proportionate loss. In the Fresno
district there are thirty-one sweet-wine
distilleries, ana sixty in the entire dis
trict. Tuese will not run over half-time.
Mr. Loupe tiiinks, however, that what is
lost in actual production will be largely
made up in increased Drices.
While on the trip he visited some ot the
largest distilleries in the State, notably
the Swiss-Italian colony and the Eiseu
estate distilleries. The first named has a
capacity of 14.C00 gallons daily and the
latter 24,000 gallons. Two and a half
miles from Fresno the California Wine
Association is erecting one of the largest
wineries in the world. It will Dave a
capacity of 20,000 tons of grapes per sea
son, which will make 1,500,000 gallons of
wine. Mr. Loupe thus describes the new
winery:
There are two wine- making plants, ex
actly alike, one on each side of the large
storage cellar. TheTe are three large
buildings; in two of them wine is made,
and stored in the third. There are four
elevators for lifting grapes to the tops of
the buildings, where they are crushed.
Two elevators will take the grapes that
come in from cars on the railroad switch,
and two will take them from wagons. The
elevators, presses, crushers and pumps
will be operated by a steam engine.
The new-made wine will be contained in
the buildings where it is made, and tanks,
tier above tier, have been provided for it.
When ready, it will be pumped into the
storage cellar, which comprises many
large casks, eight of which will contain
50,000 gallons "each, and the others from
20,000 to 10.000, ana smaller.
It has been reported that there is to be a
large distillery as well as winery. This is
incorrect, except that there wiil be a dis
tillery of sufficient capacity to make what
alcohol is needed in fortitying the wines
made by the plant. No distilled liquors
will be made for commercial purposes. A
brick storehouse is now in course of con
struction, which will contain what alcohol
it is found necessary to keep on hand.
About sixty men are now at work, with
Peter Halfen in charge. He will be the
chief winemaker. Charles Nilhahn is
general superintendent for Fresno County.
COLONEL MOSBY BETTER
The Ex-Guerrilla Leader Weak and
Shaky, but Taking Much Interest
in National Politics.
Colonel John S. Mosby, the noted ex
guerrilla leader and United States Consul
Hongkong, who has been ill for three
months past with appendicitis, part of the
time seriously, was up and about yester
day, though he is yet weak. He visited
the Palace and met several friends. He
says he is nervous from his long confine
ment.
The colonel has no doubt about the re
sult of the National election, in which he
takes much interest. He says he has re
ceived a letter from Judge Richards of
Louisville, who has been on the Kentucky
Supreme bench ana who as a boy was major
on his staff. The letter says there is no
doubt at all about the Republicans carry
ing Kentucky. There is no doubt either
about West Virginia, Maryland or Dela
ware.
"In fact, Virginia will go for McKinley,
as I am assured, and from my own knowl
edge am certain," said the colonel. *'I
got a letter from the chairman of the Re
publican State Central Committee then; a
fewoavsago. He nays there is no doubt
about Virginia goinp Republican. lam per
suaded McKinley will get all the States
I have named. They are all interested in
protection, the same as people are here."
A SHORT VACATION.
Complaint That the Pupil* of Public
Schools Have Been flighted.
In reply to frequent complaints that
there is to be no autumn vacation for the
students of the public schools of San
Francisco it was explained by the secre
tary of the Board of Education yesterday
that the summer vacation this year bejran
on June 19 ana lasted until Auim-t 3, be
ing so late as to prevent the autumn vaca
tion. The summer recess usually be-ins in
May and lasts until early in July.
Nevertheless, there is much complaint
that the vacation was cut and people do
not understand it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1896.
:^ =:^ :=2^ s^^. , We Close at 6 P.M. Every Evening' ]f
j£ S^^ v * c^s^^ ::^^7 TS^\^ Saturday Included. T
* \^ 6& ■"" ' V To-morrow the cream styles of two hemispheres — direct gathering of %
*' &Sfs^^ Ladies' Outer Garments and Novelty Dress Goods. Over 3000 Ladies'
t THEY ARE HERE IN fiDPATPcT ARiTMn Jackets, Capes and Fur Garments, bright, natty styles as ever brought to *
I ANCE FOR YOUR ?NSPE^ 7n Hls^ this C ° ast ' aM priCed S ° derate that none need sta * 3Wa^ Separate f
I datl OF LA^IFS^ outer > Skirts in Silk Worsted ' etc " plaids ' stripes ' plaln> whatever your taste, |
{ GARMENTS NOVFI IN STY^F MFW IS here ' S for aIL In DreSS Q ° OdS *" the neW WeaVeS ' the bin ° W * blacks » I
I FABRIC CORRECT IN PRIcI ' "Crepons," Boucles, knotted elegance, fancy or plain, quiet or gay, take }
-I r AX1 <ii, iWKfcll UN FKllb. your choice from hundreds— from the largest gathering on tliis coast. |.
* WTROUUCTOKY EXHIBIT OF SPECIAL CHIMES M EXCEPTIONALLY WEE PRICES SOHE BIG DOISGS II A SPECIAL WEEK'S PRICES 0 " *
jj; FALL 1896 WRAPS. Notions and Novelties. —in— nf.MRCTirC! FURNISHINGS It
1 to seZ^rs«^ 1^ f Better g oods for .esT^ney; better qu .,,t y 11131700 0001101 u%J iyicz>ii\*>z>i " b v _v^vj,z>. f
TF latest novelties of fall. Picked from best at J or 'ess profit bttter value with more satis- IkHW I- II 'I\| September days are rich with interest. ~*T
J£l the factory threshold. See windows. fact ion. The^e are the inducements we hold 111 I I 111 I] IT 1 1 1 I I 111 Now or never. Goods you need right now Bargain time is now. Between season prices. -2^
<£? LADJK* P.VSH C^S, trimni e d out to dry-goods buyers. UILJLJ UU UUUUMi Bl > almost for the «klntr The mites of nrlp*« The big store full of. enthusiasm and excitel f
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, trimmed wtt • •. goalmost for the asking. The mites of prices ment as the new season approaches. The hum 3
"gj- with Thibet fur around collar and BUTTER-COLORED POINT DE YE- CC Z . put on them are mere formalities. ROOM ! of business never slackens here HaleV 1 Vn *S?
down front, silk serge lined, jet NISE LACE, from 3 to 6 inches O ROOM! ROOM! The flood of incoming fall not dull times. Know *
* Ifl-To^n^es^eep'ra &£»*£ wide, as.orted pattern^ price... Yard ALT WOOL SUITINOS-Three goods is greater than ever. Help us by help. LADIES , ± — HOSE a *
* «M- a »•■»«««»•*•«!» •»• offer Ss-^2 Agents NEW IDEA Paper Patterns. ?^JiSrSB£*®tiK- «"g yourselves. . **j™ h f£f *™™f> * hl g°«*£
* LADIES' BITckL^AVV^UK; ™^£*^g^2?fllZ • 12° f^ t ToT7oT 25° TOB^^D-M^^ 5 c SlSto^^-^ 5^ c^
JK JACKEiS, boucle effects, double- n»iV ann t2« u^? : tT,, Closing price Yard ..;..... * ... Yard Special this week P alr £
"g? breasted loose front, 4 large buttons, pair and jno. are lair . — .
& |7o? h t?urVrrf I o y r t t^ Bbl8 b1t OQ oob? b ß e^ S5 .00 Ageatso, Genuine JOUVIN KID GLOVES. FANCY MOTTLED CHEVIOT T.BLEmLCLOTH. 12° CH^LDHK^ B^ACK r,^ B^ ;
* ch^drkvs r.kpt^; -n a ;;- b ;ue LADTF<s» putv f-nmRP-n oar. 25 c These are fall creations, nov- qua Special — Yard heavy quality, fast black and seam- ICC *
REEFKRS, navy blue TERSm^al^TrkV^ and bow of tib- 25 eltles of the season, strictly Q£C lew, sizes 6to 10, a chance for the 10 *§►
•* ssass%ia?is.T. t ir'4» t 5r.«9.50 bo^rr^oio^Kici.^ • iSr mr. O^.. A . W . 0n . derfU !.? ff ?. r : ?2* BEBT LINEN VALUES i N TH E CITY. ■*"*«• Pair 2
4^- c?«Lli™.»™Vr^lart*nV!!r?el ** EaTh" FRISCO'S BUSY STORE. ALL-WOOL WHITE BLANKETS, jnat A W ?° I iJ IO JI?IJ\ d ' lT * *™? or 43L
Tp cidedlj new. Our starting price fcach BOURETTE SUITING - A from the mills, extra 4 '^-Ib Blanket. ««f M^r^ hpl^'^ 011^' l Ua " ty , ! 9^°^*
J£< LADIES' CAPES, a novelty called HORN BONED DREEING COMBS, Black Bourette figure woven To make Jack Frost sweat. Special.. Pair aoubie merino heels and toes. Special £i%i &
G? "Freeze cloth," trimmed down the super quality, Imported from Europe, rC over a plain oolored ground, A(\C mis ween at pair -^
Jtg. front with small pearl buttons, very extra strong, 6 Inches long. A great O 36 Inch, a decided novelty. rtV APRON GINGHAMS, 27-inch, blue and <C *£.
£? high collar and full sweep, tan only ; &> A.OO special at..... Each Our price Yard brown checks, a staple quality at a cut 4 LADIES' WHITE MERINO UNDER- vST
r^ . bought to sell at $6. On sale Mon- -± price. Special Yard WEAR, HN L S and HNS S, fancy ,5
-g? day at an introduction price of Each NEW VEILINGS are Arriving Daily. ' • .„_„„_ . crochet neck and from, drawers to QQC
* LADIES' PLUSH TAPES, trimmed SWISS HANDKERC^F,, scalloped SI IVIN(.-A fane "mohair AOO THE BEST ALL-WOOL BLANKET MADE. match, a most desirable garment. a £t *
V with jet and braid, i!O inches lone, SWISS HANDKERCH I KFS, scalloped strine on a fancy iw?el'tv ACC Ourspecial Garment 14*
JK 110-inch sweep, Thibet fur around <2>Q.50 edge, a special high-erade quality, a OCC crotind 39 Inches wide Our TO BLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS, 22x rpwrs-TPmr i.™ •• , * &
"t? collar and down front, silk-lined. <{)O 40c one. To make kerchleftown ZO grouna. inches wiae. our Yard 50 inches close weave, as absorbent mC GENTS' TECK TIES, small knots, good re 4^
r% cheap at $10 50. Opening price Each tremble at Each pr " "- iara as the sands of the Sahara. Two-bit It/ patterns, light colors, 25c kind. A O 5
tf LADIES' SEPARATIT^IKTS, an ad- KVERYTHIVgIn~OUR BAZAAR. BOUCLE SUITING - Fancy kind. Special Yard wonderful special at^. Each *§*
J£l vance shipment of 50. black figured n.ini.uj^uinjiAMAß. striped, extra heavy quality. NOTTINGHAM LAC 7 ! CURTAINS GENTS' WHITE MUSLIN GOWNS j2^
T njobalrr^lepercaline lined, ' Vet BATH SPONGES., luxury, a big, soft, IQC ££?5 c ' wr^ TheTtrCf, rAC Tiy£rd. long, a most desi?abTe A Cur-' «m 1 .00 yoke back, white and colored^ *
4* SSiSii h ng "»hf«? «- - y in ,nf « a c . a «* -«« solid full sponge, not cut, some worth IV Wick BoSc^ a vlrv rich 59 ■ tain, modest designs in white or ecru. «3)l— broidery, trimmed collar, cuffs and CAC A,
T u?no«esmg $ ™ U0 " $5^2 Sse, some 25c Allonge at Each , SmbtaatSJH Ou^price^. .°.f Yard s sec SalP ecSal -^^ Pair front, a desirable nightshirt. Our 50 *T
*f? LADIES- BOUCLE CAPES 25 inches LITTLE PRICESEVERY WHERE. FRENCH NO Vel^Y BOUCLE WE ARE LACE-CUKTAIN LEADERS. GENTS / COT^o N "c^iviOT O VE R "
T? long, in bla:k. brown or blue. Thibet «P-i l ft CREPE TISSUE PAPKH, 3 yards long, a SUITINGS-** inches wide, BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 58- SHIRTS, yoke back very strongly
t, li U ned r0 8 i n es 3 0 - to 4a. ehSa^'i n'&T 50 tissue paper sale with a very thin OC all the staple coloring Ask it 'C inch, * magnificently heavy qnalitv A f\C made, dirk stripes and checks: a C A C
4* An^n^oflerinV P * price on a very full assortment of O to see or send for samples. IO and all pure linen. W» will sell 4U splendid opportunity for workers or OU &.
*, An opening offering t»ch very high-grade paper. Thepnoels.. Roll Our price Yard special this week at Yard outerj. Our price...... Each
•^S 1 —^ .—^^ —— ■—^^————^ 1 — , — _ ..m -_^_- ■ 4>2»
I HAI F BROS *SSSZ 2E^«- HAI F RPO^ !
*^ y styles in Ladles' Capes, Jackets, etc, .^^ . / i^
INCORPORATED, late styles in Suits and Misses' and INCORPORATED 3^
4 937 to 945 Market St., San Francisco. £!£!?^d fr O e 0 e d o S n a^cat^ 501118 937 to 945 Market St., San Francisco. %
CAVILL'S DARING PLAN.
Will Brave the Dangers and
Attempt the Passage of the
Golden Gate.
To Swim From Fort Point to Lime
Point Regardless of Tide and
Temperature.
Charles Cavill, the famous swimmer
from Australia, stands ready to emulate
the daring of Leander of old and that of
Lord Byron, his modern and not less ven
turesome and successful compeer. Cavill
will not essay the passage ot the Helles
pont, bat wiil brave the equally danger
ous currents, counter-currents and eddies
of the Golaen Gate. Should he accom
plish the feat he has assigned to himself,
it is claimed that he will achieve the
proud distinction of being the only man
who has ever swum from the shore of San
Francisco to that of Marin.
He will undertake his great swim on
September 20, a week from to-day.
The start will De made from Fort Point at
3p. m., regardless of tide or temperature,
and Lime Point, on the opposite shore,
will be made the objective point.
Though the distance from shore to shore
fa estimated to be about one and a half
miles, Cavill expects to be not less than
an hour in reaching the other side, owing
to the strong and adverse currents he will
have to encounter.
His performance will be under the aus
pices of the California Swimming Club
and the Southern Pacific and the North
Pacific Coast Railway will place two or
more of their best ferry-boats at the serv
ice of the public for the purpose of wit
nessing the performance. The boats will
leave their respective wharves at 2:30
p. m. , and after Cavill completes his ta«k
they will make a tour of the interesting
points on the bay, returning to their start
ing points at about 5:30 p. m.
RICHMOND PROSPERITY.
The Valley by the Sea Has Its
Joys and Sorrows Over Its
Domestic Affairs.
Sand Drifts, Choked Sewers, Dark
Streets and Unus d Cartracks
Caused a "Kick."
The Richmond people, like others, have
their joys and sorrows. Their joys are
that their district is being rapidly built up
with a desirable class of people who are
building their own homes and adding to
the population.
This can De seen from the fact that now
they have three scnoolbouses in the
vicinity, whereas a few years ago there
was only one and tben the attendance was
less than fifty children. To-morrow
a new class school will be opened on Sixth
avenue, between B and C streets, with
Mrs. Sarah E. Jennings as principal and
teacher.
The Rev. Father Coyle of the church
Star of the Sea is about to build a $5000
residence adjoining his church.
Mrs. Clara Wiess ia building a residence
on California street, between i<irst and
Second avenues.
S. F. Herrguth is building a neat cottage
on Ninth avenue, between Point Lobos
CHARLES CAVTLL, Who "Will To-Morrow "Week Attempt to Swim
From Fort Point to Lime Point.
and Clement street. W. S. Parks is doing
likewise on Fourth avenue, between Cali
fornia and Lake streets.
Mrs. Anna F. Dixon is building a home
on Eleventh avenue, between Lake and
California. Robert Allen is putting up a
handsome two-story dwelling on Fifteenth
avenue, between Clement and California
streets. %
To meet the wants of those residents,
the Spring Valley Water Company has put
down main pipes on Clement street, be
tween Sixth and Seventh avenues, and
also aloiiL' Fifteenth avenue, from Clemen 1 ,
to Lake street.
The gas company has followed in line
by putting down mains on Eleventh ave
nue, from Lake to California street, with
a hydrant for the use of the Fire Depart
ment on Seventh avenue and Clement
street.
George R. Fletcher, superintendent of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, has had the
old wooden fence taken away which in
closed his property on First avenue and
has buiit a substantial concrete wall from
tne bend on Point Lobos avenue round to
the southern termination of the cemetery.
As per contra to all this the people of the
Richmond addition are complaining of
the indifference shown them in the matter
of no lights through the district except a
few electric lamps on Point Lobos avenue
and Clement street. Lake street has no
lijrht from First to Twenty-fourth avenue
and the entire section on the south side of
Point Lobos avenue to the park is without
a single lamp of any kind.
The sewer on Sixth avenue from the
park to A street is suddenly shut up at
the latter place just at the south line of the
r'rench Hospital, where it Is a menace to
the health cf that institution. Contractor
Felix McHugh finished the contract for
this sewer a few weeks ago, and left it
thore choked up at the place, wh re there
should be an opening into the main sewer
on Point Lobos avenue. This omission is
NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS.
not the fault of the contractor, but of some
of the property-owners, who refused to
sign for a continuance of the sewer. Steps I
are being taken to have the Board of i
Health look into the matter for the bene- j
tit of the patients in the hospital.
After a tedious delay Fifth avenue, be
tween Lake anu California streets, is being
graded, sewered and macadamized.
The question of drifting sand on the
streets has been deputed by the improv -
ment club of this district for quite a long
time without any apparent relief. Twenty
fourth avenue, between A and B streets,
is completely choked, but relief in that
quarter is looked for soon, as Captain
John Tuttle, who has the contract to re
move the sand, is about to put bis force to
work.
Cesspools and sewers are choked with
sand. Old unused cartracks on Point
Lobos avenue are permitted to remain
where they w«r* put down twenty years
ago to keep competing roads off that drive
and have never been used.
A communication was forwarded to
School Superintendent Babcock protest
ing against a practice said to prevail in
the Richmond and Point Lobos schools
whereby children are obliged to be in
school at 8:45 o'clock in the morning in
place of 9, the pupils being marked a half
day absent in case they arrive at school
later than the first-named hour.
Mechanics Are A lioui
The mechanics about the rolling mills and
Union Iron Works are anxiously watching for
telegraph news from Washington, D. C, to
morrow, as that is the day upon which the
bids for the building of new cruisers will be
opened and accepted. Should San Francisco
be fortunate in receiving one of the contracts
there will be unlimited rejoicing on tne Po
trero hills.
«■ — •—•• — •
One million will read "Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. My sell Kollins,22 Clay.*
CAR MEN LOST CONTROL
New Motormen Create Havoc
on the Hay wards Elec
tric • Cars.
Resu't of Crowdirg Inexperienced
Men Who Work for Low
Wages.
The- Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards elect r ic railway is having an experi
ence in practical railroading that is the
occasion of a considerable strain to the
nerves of the patrons ot the line.
It appears that the company has under
taken, in a very methodical manner, cal
culated or intended 10 head off the possi
bility of a strike on the part of its em
ployes, to reduce the wages account and
the expense for labor by a little less than
10 per cent.
The motormen, for instance, are paid 21
cents an hour at present. The company
has undertaken to educate a sufficient
number of men willing to work for 19
cents an hour as "will be able to supply
the places of the 21-cent force. The course
of the education is now being prosecuted
with vigor. The most notable part of the
transaction is that the experiencea motor
men are required to teach the men who,
their education being completed, relieve
the form er of their jobs.
It appears, however, that the process
has been forced beyond the limits of
safety, and several accidents have hap
pened within the past few days, resalting
from the discharge of the experienced
men and the placing of new and inexperi
enced men in their places.
Thursday, for instance, something like
a panic took place on car 17, and a serious
casualty was narrowly averted, and that
by the presence of mind of a conductor
whose place is probably booked for some
other man.
The cur was making the run from Hay
wards to Oakland in charge of Conductor
Lamroux. The ruotorman was one Gart
land, a new man, who had been given the
place at 19 cents an hour, supplanting a
man w*ho had received 21 cent*. When at
a point near Seventeentn avenue and Fif
teenth street the car got beyond the mo
torman's control. He was working the
speed regulator back and forth, as motor
men do, when he caught it at a "half
notch" and the controller was "burnt out
in an instant.
The electric fluid sped the wheels faster
and faster, and Gaitland found himseli un
able to check them, try as he would. He
became thorou ly frightened, lost his
head, and turning ran through the car
crying to the passengers who crowded it:
"Save yourselves; jump for your lives
save yourselves !"
Women screamed, and in an instant
thmg3 would have happened on that car
which would have resulted in many suits
for large damages had not Conductor
Lamroux, divining the trouble, sprung to
the front of the car, told the passengers
not to be alarmed and at the same time
turned the screw that cut off the current
from the trolley, thus bringing the car to
a standstill.
New men on the Oakland, Ban Leandro
and Haywards line are required to work
the first month wuhout pay, while under
going their education. This man Gart
land had h een under the instruction of
Motorman Zimmerman, who had "turned
him in," as they say, at the risk of the
company, he claiming his needed expe
rience must be gained subject thereto.
On Thursday another car got away
from a new man named Swansen
while speeding on the county roaa. He
was unable to stop and the car overtook
and collided with another car, causing
considerable damage.
T T A ¥ l~< lIJOEPOHEIM.
•HA I I-H THE
1 l/\JL^jr 1 1 TAILOR.
PRICE
THIS
WEEK
When you take Into account what
you pay at other houses.
Pants to Order $ 3.50
Pants to Order 4.50
Pants to Order j 5.00
Snits to Order 10.00
Suits to 0rder...... 13.50
Suits to Order.. 111 . 15.00
Perfect fit and best of workmanship guaranteed
or no sate. Don't fail to examine our goods before
buying elsewhere,
GRAND OPENING
Of New Store, 844 and 846 Market St.
New Goods at All the Stores.
201 and 303 Montgomery St., cor. Bash.
724 Market and mo, 1113 Market St.
joe POHEIM, THE TAILOR.
§3Jyfc§fiita&sHß Opposite Seventh,
■ ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
. PATENT MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS.
TOILET ARTICLES,
FINE WINES AND LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
• ■
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonts, 12i^c size cuttolOo
La Rosa. 12%c51ze....'. cut to lOc
Sanchez AH ay a. 12y s c size cut to 100
El Telegrapho, m^csize cut to 100
General Arthur, ..Oc straight cut to 3 for 25c
General Burnslde, life straight cut to 3 for '-'5o
Figaro. 5c straight cut to 6 for 25c
King B. 5c straight cut to 6 tor Mo
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
■ RUPTURE, i
Bf Ifrupturol.Tou B»tor»lly hope toobuln relief &
■jf from pain; security from Strangulated Henna and a M|
■W permanent cureif possible. Pieaie Kive.tigite ••Dr.»
rsf Pierce a Pat. Magnetic Elastic Truss, and you will M
Rf be .urpriied a: what you will leirn. This Tru.,: Hi
ft/ positively dotMthtvrcri and ii worth fl 000 to anj M
■7 ruptured man or woman. If you want the BEST, JOT 3
■ call or «nd 3 ct«. in -tamps to J^? m sl*}£ o -}- ESU
■ Itcwain* full information. OC The scientific ad ■■
■ juitment of truiM* atonr a«peciirit». A4nre«s MMM
I MAONKTIC ELASTIC TRISS CO.. N0.704.N-W fljß
I cor. Sacramento & kcarny Sts.i San Francisco, Cal. fuStm
PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Con*,
iilete digestion : and absorption of the food, cauas
I • healthy action of the .Liver ana render the Bowoi*
I natural In their operas oa without griping .