VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 1777\
THE APPARITION OF THE AIR
Oaklanders Say Its Frame
... Was Like the Body
of a Bird.
ATTORNEY COLLINS' TALE
SUPPORTER
/Another Lawyer Who Was In
formed of the Alighting
of the Flier.
MOVING LIGHTS ONCE MORE
MYSTIFY THIS CITY.
Dr. Benjamin Disclaims the Invention — Mayor
Sutro's Testimony and That of Other
Reputable Citizens Offered.
.'. Testimony concerning the existence of an airship which is supposed to be navigat
ing the air over the bay cities by night and hiding from observation in some secluded
. .place before daybreak came in yesterday from many sources. Many persons saw
mysterious lights moving overhead. But the projectors of the phenomenon which
has caused intense and general interest seem to revel in mystery.
Among those who yesterday told of seeing the lights carried about by an aeria
visitor were Mayor Sutro. Colonel Menton, the excursion agent of the Southern Pacific
Company; Samuel Foliz, advertising manager of The Call; Professor C. H. Murphy
of the Polytechnic High School, also many others.
What they saw or heard from other 3 who saw the moving light is told in the sub
joined account. They all lell practically the same story, which is that the light ap
peared quite high overhead and that it moved very fast. They did not all observe it
to be moving in the same direction.
Dr. Benjamin, who has been supposed to have invented a flying machine or air
•■h!p, ir&ich la supposed to be tbe cause of the phenomena observed overhead during
th-e past few nights, was in the City yesterday, and last evening was interviewed by
The Call. Dr. Benjamin said that Le did not know anything about the airship. At
the same time he conceded that if he did know of such an invention of bis own, he
would consider it wise not to give any in ormation concerning it until he had secured
his patents. Dr. Benjamin said that Mr. Collins is his attorney, and admitted thnt
he visited Mr. Collins yesterday afternoon. This, in connection with the fact that Mr.
Collins admitted that he is attorney for a man who claims to have invented an air
ship, must be takeu for what it is worth.
Concerning this mystery it thould be clearly understood that The Call does not
aver that an airship has been invented, nor does it deny that such is the fact.
' There is no intention on the part of The Call to deceive its readers. The state
ments which have been made by reputable citizens are given, and these will un
• doubtedly be carefully considered and the consensus of public opinion will place
jhe true value upon the different circumstances. There are several theories to ac
count for the mysterious moving light, which do not necessarily imply the existence
of a flying machine or airship.
There is no doubt that many people firmly believe in the airship. There were
many such who sat up late last night to watch for the appearance of such a vessel.
Many stood on roofs and in other elevated places, in the rain, until late, hoping to get
tt glimpse of it. At the hour of going to press the whole matter remained a mystery.
' Henry W. Bradley of the law firm of Stanly, Hayes A Bradley made a very inter
esting statement which will be widely read.
The most circumstantial story yet told rame from Oakland last night. Passengers
on a streetcar claim to have been attracted by the light overhead and looking upward
'Xhey saw distinctly the outlines of an airship, which resembled a huge bird in its out
. lines and which seemed to rise ana fall in its course. Many residents of Oakland say
that they, also, discerned the outlines of the vessel.
BODY LIKE A BIRD.
What Spectators Across the Bay
Say That They Saw.
• • OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— There is a
general impression in this city that the
airship which has been seen so often re
cently is being housed somewhere in Ala
meda'County when it is not being tested
by ite inventor.
The whole population is about equally
engaged between discussing the qualities
of airships and looking at the sky expect
ing to see the winged machine parting the
<c.lo*uds Reports are continually being
received of its beta' seen in the neighbor
hood of Berkeley and Haywards, as though
the inventor were confining his experi
ments to the low land between the hills
. that skirt the northern boundary of the
county and the bay. Several people saw
..the light over Haywards last night, and
the number of people who have seen it in
North Oakland is constantly increasing.
Last evening the conductor wearing
badge No. 26 of the Alameda eiectric line
reported seeing the affair over Fruitvale.
He says it had a powerful headlight and
there appeared to be several smaller liehts
on board.
•Mayor Davie is a firm believer in the ex
istence of the airsnip. *'I doubted the
story of those who declared they had seen
it," said the Mayor to-day, "but when I
looked through the names of the rep
utable people who unhesitatingly assert
that they have seen it I doubt it no
longer.
"I have always believed in the practica
bility of airships, and a few years ago old
Dr. FreelinL' had a model that closely re-
sembled the picture published of this in
vention, and he told me before he died
. . teat when aluminum was broueh' into
use the secret of air-flying would be solved.
. I have no doubt that some one has built a
machine, because many of those who have
seen it are certainly entitled to credit."
IL Attorney A. A. Moore heard the story
; of the airship a few days ago. "I did not
talk with Mr. Collins," he said, "but I
was talking with a friend, an attorney,
who toid me that Collins had talked with
him about a client who had invented an
airship."
Last evening at about 7:80 o'clock the
passengers on an Alameda car were
Btartled by the sight of a brilliant stream
The San Francisco Call
of light high in the heavens off in the
direction of Haywards. The passengers
distinctly saw the outlines of an airship
and watched its maneuvers high in the
skies.
The ship resembles a huce bird in its
outlines and seemed to rise and fall in its
course. A light streamed from the head
of the ship, throwing a white stream of
light for several hundred yards. As the
outlines of the airship were plainly dis
cerned the passengers in the car became
greatly excited. The phenomenon bad first
been noted by a man who had been idly
watching the heavens. As soon as he per
ceived the light he attracted tue attention
of the other passengers and all intensely
interested watched the peculiar machine
as it made its way through the skies.
It was high in the heavens and ap
peared to be of huge size. When first
seen it seemed to be floating over San
Leandro. It moved rapidly, going at
least twenty miles an hour. It shot across
the skies in the northwest, then turned
quickly and disappeared in the direction
of Haywards. Not only was the airshiD
seen by the passengers, but many other
residents of tds city distinctiy saw the
brilliant light and the huge, bird-like body
floating in midair. None of the spectators
were acquainted with each other, and yet
their stories are startlingiy similar, agree
ing as to time, direction of the airship and
description. These facts leave little doubts
in the minds of many people that a suc
cessful airship has been invented, and is
navigating the heavens.
Mias Wilson, a daughter of Captain
Wilson of the police force, and her friend,
Miss Hunter, are among those who
viewed the strange sight. The two friends
accompanied another young lady to the
streetcar about 7 p. m. yesterday, where
their attention was attracted by the pecu
liar light in the skies. The huge bird
like body from which the light emanated
was clearly visible, and both youn? ladies
are. positive it was an airship. It followed
the same course as described by the pas
senger on the Alamedacar. Police Officer
Carson and John Striekler, the flagman at
Fourteenth and Broadway, also declare
.that they saw the airship.
"Tbe representatives of tbe alternoorij
papers were almost hysterical in their de
mands that I disc-edit The Call's inter
view. I wish to say right here that I have
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 24 1896.
IRVING M. SCOTT— "An airship? Of course not. That's the last cruiser I bid for and lost.
I've been wondering ever since what became of it."
not a word to take back of all that has
been reported. It was a truthful, reliable
interview and The Call is ihe only paper
that has reported me correctly. The
stories in the evening papers that I had
denied the interview were false and the
writers actually told me that they were
going to write such stuff before they left
my office.
"Since the fact was published that lam
the attorney for the inventor I have not
seen my client. We ma led the papers re
yarding the patent to Washington last
week and expect to hear soon of their ar
rival. Ido not know when I shall see my
client again, but I expect him any day.
He is a man that impressed me with the
idea of being perfectly able to ma nage his
own affairs, and I have no doubt he Knows
what he is doing.
"I wish to correct one idea that seems
to be prevalent. Some papers have pub
lished the fact that the inventor is an
Oroville man. I have not said so. He is
a San Francisco man, but he has con
structed his machine near Oroville. I aid
say this afternoon to the reporters of the
San Francisco evening papers that the
story as published in the Chronicle was a
fake. Not only that; I told the young
fellow from the Chronicle that he had
grossly misrepresented me in his inter
view where he quoted me as having said
I saw the airship work, the inventor hav
ing come here, and, after talking to me
a while, getting into it and moving away.
The statement that I had seen it working
at all is false.
"As I told you before, as I told him, and
as I now repeat it, all I know is that I
have been appealed to by a man who ap
pears perfectly sound to act as his attorney
in securing for him a patent on his inven
tion. It would be presumptious for me to
say the Btory that an airship was being
worked about the bay was a fake, when it
is taken into consideration the number of
people who stake their reputation on
having seen one. Even if it was not the
ship of the man who came to see me, it is
not for me to say that these people have
not seen an airship. There is more than
one man at work on the question of aerial
navigation, and some one is bound to
solve it as they did the steam-engine and
the electric-car. lam as skeptical regard
ing the actual working of the craft as any
one, but am not such a fool as to say that
it is an impossibility.
"I was told in this city to-day that the
Chronicle had secured a man — one Dr.
Benjamin, I believe —to maintain
throughout that the invention is his and
that he is the one who has been going
about the heavens at night. He is to say
that he has paid me $500 as a retainer and
that I am to have $1500 when the patents
are issued. This is along the line of their
story as first told, and it must be kept up
at any cost. I desire to denounce the
whole story in advance as a pure fake to
support the wild imagination of one of
their reporters. It places me in an unfair
light before the public and injures my
business to have such stories set afloat
when there is not the least foundation for
them.
"When the Examiner man came to me
Sunday afternoon he told me that his
paper had the whole story and knew the
inventor and would publish it this morn
ing. They did not particularly care, he
said, for my version, but would like to
have it just to verify what they knew.
The bold biuff did not work and the story
in to-day's Examiner trying to ridicule
tbe affair, but at tbe same time leaving
loopholes to escape, was the result
"There is no denying the fact that the
public has been aroused to a hi h pitch of
expectation by the reports published. The
Examiner sent a man to me to-day who
said they bad treated the whole affair as a
huge joke, but found that tbe people were
looking at it in a serious manner and they
were ready to give the news as received,
regardless of how improbable it might
look. He asked me to give a true account
of the matter as far as I knew anything,
but when I denied having seen the ma
chine work or naving ridden in it he
laughed and said I was hedging."
KNEW OF THE AIRSHIP.
Attorney H. W. Bradley Was In-
formed of Interesting Facts.
"I am at a loss to know how you
could have ascertained that I know any
thing about the airship," said Henry W.
Bradley of the law firm of Stanley, Have
j & Bradley, of this City, yesterday, to a
i representative of The Call
"Do you know anything about it?"
Mr. Bradley hesitated a moment, then
said: "The man you want to see is
George A. Collins, the attorney. All I
can say is that if Collins said what is
accredited to him in a published interview
this morning, Collins knows what he is
talking about, and I will say, further, tbat
Collins would scarcely take part in a fake
story, because he would have more to lose
than to gain by so doing.
'•Now, there is that first publication in
The Call about ( h« airshir. That vn
doubtedly was sent by telegraph from Sac
ramento after 1 o'clock in the morning, for
it states it was after midnight that the
object was seen over tbat ctty. Then there
is McGovern at t!:e California Hotel, who
told me Saturday night that be saw it
between 2 and 4 o'clock in the morning.
I know tbat it landed at 3 o'clock—
"Where?"
"You have made me say more than I
intended to," replied Mr. Bradley, with a
look uj on his countenance which seemed
to say that he wished he had remained
silent; then as a faint smile lighted up his
features: "I cannot tell you where it
landed; that is, I do not feel at liberty to
state where. The man you want to see is
Collins.
"You must understand that I cannot
speak about this matter, but will say this:
The Call has been consistent in this mat
ter. It is on the right track and it must
not back water; and then it got ahead of
all the other papers on a big piece of
news.
"Then there is A. L. Hart of Sacra
mento, who stated that if certain parties
of that city declared that they had seen
the object he believed what they said."
"Where is that wonderful and much
talked-about airship now?" was asked.
"That I cannot tell you, but I will say
this: I was to have inspected it to-day,
but for some reason the invitation I ex
pected did not reach me; possibly be
cause tbe premature announcement in
The Call has interfered with projected
plans, or it may be the weather.
"I wish to place myself right in this
matter. While in conversation with a
gentleman three or four days before the
first publication of the airship story in
The Call I was told that such an inven
tion was In existence and the difficulty of
navigating the sky would soon be over
come. The gentleman who gave me this
information did so in confidence, a con
fidence that I will not betray. As an at
torney I could not afford to do so and as a
man I would not.
'There is another reason I have for not
wishing to give expression to my Knowl
edge or views, which is this: Several of
the newspapers have published interviews
with Mr. Collins and other papers have
asserted that he denied the truth of the
statements attributed to him. Now, it
would not look well for me to make state
ments contradictory to his or have him
deny statements that I made. Therefore,
I will keep silent."
Mr. Bradley stated that be is in no way
connected with the airship ccheme, either
as an attorney or as a friend to the parties
most concerned.
"Do you believe that the existence of an
airship at the present time is possible?"
was asked.
Mr. Bradley smiled and cautiously an
swered: "Was the airship not seen by hun
dreds of respectable citizens in Sacra
mento. San Francisco, Oakland and other
places? I would not presume to dispute
their statements."
"Then you believe that we have such an
invention that has proved a success?"
DEATH OF ITALO CAMPANINI, THE GREAT TENOR.
ROME, Italy. Nov. 23.— 1ta10 Campanini, the singer, who was known in the
[United States, died at Parma to-day.
Italo Campanini was born in Parma in 1846. He enlisted in the army of Garibaldi
when 14 yeats old, and took part in the fight before Milazzo. Having discovered dur
ine the campaign that he had a wonderful voice he studied singing for two years at
the Conservatory of Parma, and made his first appearance as tbe notary in "La
Sonnambula," at his native town. In 1869 he went 10 Milan and placed himself
under the tuition of the celebrated teacher Francesco Lamperti. In 1872 he made his
London debut as Oenaro in "Lucrezia Borg.a," and in 1873 sang with Christiue
Nilsson in New York. He returned to America during the season of 1879-80. Besides
being the greatest tenor living at that time he was remarkable for the immense scope
of his repenoire, which included nearly eighty operas, the tenor role* of which he
could sine at a few hours' notice.
"Yes. I believe what my friends tell
me. However, I am not an authority. All
I know, that is, all 1 think I know, is from
hearsay testimony, and I do not intend
to commit myself upon hearsay testimony
alone. I have never seen it, and Ido not
expect to make a trip in it as it has been
reported."
SEEN LAST NIGHT.
Many Persons In This City Gazed
Upward and Wondered.
The mysterious light was seen last night
in this City by a gentleman of undoubted
practical experience. Samuel Foltz, ad
vertising manager of The Call, was look
i.'il. oat irorn his residence at 1157 fctanyan
street about 9:15 p. m., wben he noticed a
light traveling in the direction of Berke
ley. He at first thought he was dreaming,
but looking again he called out the people
residing in tbe house and all agreed that
the light corresponded in appearance with
that attiibuted to the mysterious flying
ship.
Mr. Foltz said that the light was appa
rently that of an ordinary lamp; that it
was located about 300 feet above the earth,
and was, when sighted, above the locality
of Van Ness avenue, and that it was trav
eling direct and with tremendous velocity
toward Berkeley. Tbe light remained in
sight about four minutes, when it passed
out of view.
C. H. Murphy, a teacher at the Poly
technic High School, told an interesting
story last evening: "I was coming down
Valencia street about 9:15 to-night," said
Mr. Murphy, "and I noticed the phe
nomenon. Above, at an elevation of possi
bly 4000 feet, was an electric glow, which
was moving toward the park at the rate of
one mile per minute. This was observed
by hundreds of pers6ns. Every one on
Valencia street might have seen it. There
was only one light. This had a vibration
or wave. There was no fake about this.
When I saw the light I was on the south
side of Valencia street."
OVER SUTRO HEIGHTS.
Airship Scan by the Mayor's Em
ployes a Few Days Ago.
None of those who have seen the mys
terious moving lights in the heavens that
are believed to be those of an airship is
more firmly convinced that a flying ma
chine hovers nightly over the bay cities
than Mayor Sutro, and the story he tells
to support his expressed belief is vastly
interesting.
The Mayor is nothing if not practical,
and he says that there is not the faintest
doubt in his mind that the aerial courser
passed over Sutro Heights a short time
ago and that it was a genuine airship and
doing a very fair job of air-sailinfe.
"I have not seen the ship myself," said
the Mayor after the meeting of the Board
of Supervisors yesterday, "but some of
my people at the heights have, and their
stories leave no doubt in my mind as to
the truth of the stories The Call has pub
lished on the subject
"Their narratives were not given me
after the paper got hold of the matter, but
were told several days ago when no such
thing had reached public print.
"When I reached home one evening,
about the length of time ago I mention, I
found them in a great state of excitement,
and wben I inquired the reason of tbe
agitation they told me of a strange spec
tacle they had witnessed a short time be
fore. They told me that shortly after
dark they had seen a strange, brilliant
light coming in from the direction of the
sea.
"At first little attention was paid to it,
but as the light drew nearer all became
very much interested and watched the
brilliant spot closely.
"As it approached tbe heights they saw
that it was not over 500 feet al-ove the
ocean and was movin swiftly and with a
slightly undulating motion.
"When almost over the beach two lights
were discernible, one apparently being be
low a misty-looking mass and the other
behind it.
"They paid particular attention to the
latter, as it threw a long ray of light,
similar to that cast by a searchlight, far
out into the darkness. They told me that
this stream of Light was 500 f >-et long, but
I presume that, while it seemed that long,
it was in rea.ity much shorter.
"They wa tched it until it disappeared
in the direction of the City and saw it
turn toward tne north just before it passed
from view. Now, these people would not
try to tell me ghost stories, and I know
that they saw just what they described.
"I certainly think that some shrewd
inventor has solved the problem of aerial
navigation and that we will hear all about
it within a short time. It would not be
any more wonderful than the invention
of the telegraph, the telephone, the phono
graph or the X ray, and it would seem
that some one must hit on the proper
appliances when so many smart men have
been working on the problem."
It has been stated that the airship
passed over the Seal Rocks a short time
ago and played its light on the seals, and
it may be that this was the occasion when
it was seen from the heights.
COLONEL MENTON SAW IT.
Three Lights in View as the Mys-
tery Sailed.
Colonel W. H. Menton, the excursion
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
lives in the Supreme Court building at the
corner of. Larkin and McAllister streets.
He is confidnt he saw the mysterious
aerial peregrinator Sunday nignt This is
his story as he told it yesterday:
"Last night, at about 20 minutes of
8 o'clock, the elevator-boy came to my
door and told me if I wanted to see the
airship to go to the window. My wife and
two lady friends went at once to the win
dow, and looking out toward the park, say
at an apparent height of about 100 yards,
saw three lights. One shot its rays toward
the northwest, another toward the south
west, and one, the most brilliant, poured
Its light directly toward the earth. These
lights had the appearance and intensity
of searc i lights.
"I am sure," continued Colonel Men
ton, "that it was neither a star, meteor
nor any other wanderer of the heavens.
The light was far brighter than any of
the electric lights I saw just below, in and
about the park.
"It was traveling toward the west, and
we saw it distinctly for ten or fifteen min
utes. We all gazed at it until it disap
peared in the distance. It neither rose
nor fell, but maintained an even course
parallel with the earth."
CROSSED THE GATE.
And Some Time Later Was Seen
Over the Twin Peaks.
M. H. Cohen of 510 Baker street, a con
ductor on the Hayes-street car line, saw
an object in the sky at 7:05 last Sunday
evening, which he believes was the airship.'
The object seemed to be 300 or 400 feet
above the earth. Speaking of the sight
yesterday he said: "I first saw it at Mar
ket and Eighth streets. It seemed to be
moving across the Golden Gate and a
flash was occasionally displayed. I called
the gripman's attention to it, and he
looked and said, "It might be the airship."
Two gentlemen on the rear end of the car
saw it I told the receiver and the night
watchman about what I bad seen. The
car left the ferry at 7:13 o'clock, and at
First street I saw the object again directly
over the Twin Peaks. Tne forward light
seemed to be steady. I informed i*'rank
Allen, the machinist at the cai house, and
he remarked that he had seen a similar
object and called the attention of two
ladies to it.
"I did not see the object again until I
got to the top of P:erce-street hill. Then
it seemed to be coming back again from
Twin Peaks. "We left the park at 7:51,
and looting back from Ashbury street pot
a good view of it A light was flashed
downward for a few minutes. Tte night
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TAKEN PROM
THE RIGGING
Imperiled Men of the San
Benito Rescued by the
Point Arana.
SIX NUMBERED AMONG
THE LOST.
survivors Almost Dead From
Exhaustion When Aid
Arrives.
DRENCHED FOR HCTTR3 BY THE
HEAVY SEAS.
Stories of Awful Saff ring Told by
Those Who Escaped With
Their Lives
POINT ARENA, Cal., Nov. 23— Thirty
one survivors oi the San Benito ditaster
were tafcen from the wrecked steamship
at 7 o'clock this morning by re-cuers sent
in boats from the steamship Point Arena.
Since 1 o'clock yesterday morning some
had been hanging to the wave-swept rig
ging ami others tenanting a small apart
ment in the hold, which each high sea
almost filled with water. Tbe men were
benumbed and exhausted, and a half
dozen of them had decided to plunge into
the sea and make a last attempt to reach
shore when the boat from the Point Arena
stood in and they saw rescue at hand. It
is now certain that only six of the crew
were lost They were:
O. W. SCOTT, first assistant engineer.
C. COX DON, second assistant en*
gineer.
I. W. WILSON, chief cook.
JCHXSHEE. AN, forward meiimsn.
CHARLES BROWN, coal passer.
NICHOLAS FITZGERALD, coal
passer.
Those who reached shore \ from the
wreck by swimming, or on. the , boat that
capsized when near the beach, were: ; F.
£. Foster, quartermaster; Charles Janson,
seaman ; - Harry -\ Jackson, donkey man;
Harry, _ Faehn. ■ seaman f George
Christopher,, fireman, and  Narciso
Lyva, , coalpasser. The rest of the
crew are aboard j the Point Arena, which
steamed . for Eureka after taking them
aboard.,:. _ ; ,
The San Benito lies as it did yesterday,
the forward half about 100 feet from the
balance of the vessel. Much of the pro
visions and canned goods in the store
rooms can be saved if the divided nail is
not pounded to pieces by the seas.
All night long efforts had been made to
rescue the men from the wrecked steam
ship. At midnight men were sent to the
town of Point Arena to make some bolts
to be shot from the steamship Weott's
gun. Unfortunately the steamer sent only
one bullet with the gun and on the first
trial the line was too tight and it broke.
It was nearly morning when the men
from town returned with bolts and a new
line. Meanwhile those on tbe beach hart
made two large kites and had them flying
over the wreck when it was light enough
to see her; but at this time the boa.s from
the Point Arena and Weott bad reached
tbe San Benito and soon every man on the
wreck was rescued.
A mighty shout went up from the shore.
The men yelled and danced for joy and
the women, many of whom had patiently
witched on the beach all night in the rain
and cold, cried and laughed alternately.
The whole country was soon notified of
the rescue, messengers starting for town
as fast as horses could run to carry the
glad tidings.
The six men who reached shore yester
day tell substantially the same story.
Harry Faehn, the last man who was
washed overboard and pulled out of the
breakers exhausted, and who required the
doctor' 3 attention for two hours before
consciousness was restored, is still in a
critical condition. A Call correspondent
found him at tne house of Thomas Ken
ney, who lives near the scene of the disas
ter, whither laeun was taken as soon as
he could be moved. He is still dazed and
believes he is on the wreck, and the doctor
is afraid he will not survive.
Harry Jackson, donkey man, and Charles
Janson, seaman, say that it began blowing
a gale Saturday afternoon, with a heavy
shower of rain, and at times nothing
could be seen a ship's length awcy. The
deck was washed by the waves every few
minutes, so that the lookout had to stand
on the bridge for fear of beiug washed
overboard.
After dark Saturday night no lights of
any kind were seen, and as the ship was
being worked by dead runninc the log
showed that she was or should be four
miles off and below the Point Arena light
house. A few minutes past 1 o'clock
breakers were seen dead ahead, and, al
though going very slowly, before she could
be stopped or her course changed the San
Benito ran bow on the beach and
stuck fast.
The heavy sea broke over her every mo
ment, and each wave lifted her stern high
and brought it down with a thump that
shook her from end to end. Soon the ves
sel broke in two just aft the smokestack
and the stern parted and went back on
the beach about fifty feet south of the for
ward part, which stuck fast.
As soon as she struck the whistle was
blown for any assistance that might be at
hand. The whistle was kept gome until
she broke in two. When the vessel
crashed into shore both the forward and
after port boats were wrenched from their
davits and crushed. The forward star
board boat, with First Assistant Engineer
Charles Jansen and three others in it, was
sent away to attempt a landing and get
assistance.
It was capsized in an instant, and the
crew left struggling in the angry waves.
Jansen and one other reached the beach2
after a hard struggle, where they lay for
some time unable to move.
Tbe after starboard boat was then
launched, with Second Assistant Engi
neer Harry Jackson and two others in it.
Before it had gone twenty feet it was
thrown over several times and the crew
hurled out. Jackson says it was capsized
nine times before be got loose from it.
Three men managed to reach tbe shore,
and found the others on the beach. Then
they started for assistance.
T. E. Foster, who was acting quarter
master, and was at the wheel, says it bad
been blowing a gale all Saturday after
noon, and the sky became totally obscured
when nigbt came on, and the rain fell in
sheets. No lights were seen in any direc
tion> He had just besn given orders to
change the course one ana a half points
as usual after passing the Point Arena
Ught
Soon after "Breakers ahead !" was
shouted by tbe lookout and the wheel
was put hard over and tbe bell rung to
back the engines at full speed, but in an
instant she struck, head on. The waves
were high and breaking continually, so
that it looked, when they could be seen,
as though the ship was going right into
the breakers all the time.
As soon as the San Benito struck, he
Bays, tbe whistle was blown continuously,
until she broke in two and the steam
pipes were broken. The sea was breaking
over her constantly, and all hands got
into the rigging forward as soon as possi
ble. The men in the rigging expected
every moment to be thrown into the
seething sea, as the masts toppled and
snapped and seemed to be going by the
board witn each sea.
Those of the crew who had turned in
rushed on deck when the crash came
without waiting to put on any of their
clothing, and they were compelled to
I ass twenty-eight hours in that condition.
No personal effects were saved, out it is
believed that the wrecker Whiteiaw saved
all the papers, instruments and most of
the valuables in the cabins not dam
aged by water, as that part of the wreck
■was least exposed after breaking and
drifting around on the beach.
Owing to the darkness while launching
the boats the survivors who got ashore
made some mistakes in the names of men
who got into the boats. Michael Pende
gast did not start, but remained on the
wreck and was taken off by the steamer
Point Benito's boat.
None of the bodies of the drowned have
been recovered, and it wi;l be some time
before they will float, as the thin clothes
covering them are undoubtedly filled with
t-and. Some may never come ashore. It
it said one body was seen floating two
miles north of the wreck to-night.
Tne gallant captains and crews of both
the Point Arena and the Weott cannot be
too highly praised, and ail those who
risked their lives in the glorious work of
trying to succor their suffering brethren
deserve great reward. Those who watched
on the beach and saw everything say they
would not again experience the awful
suspense for any sum of money.
The wrecking steamer Whiteiaw was at
the wreck this afternoon and took a few
valuaole articles that were in danger of
being lost, but at 5 p. m. she suddenly
whistled for her boats and disappeared in
the heavy rain that came up suddenly.
The lifeboat belonging to the San Benito
was taken by some of the ranchers to-day,
and they went on a foraging expedition.
Although the sea was very smooth they
managed to capsize the boat twice and had
a narrow escape from drowning.
They finally reached tne wreck and re
ported the storeroom full of valuable pro
visions and canned goods which could be
saved; but, tbe steamer Whiteiaw coming
up, they got ashore as quickly as possible.
No communication could be had with the
wrecking steamer, so her intentions can
not be learned. If the weather continues
good her machinery, anchors and chains
will be removed.
SURVIVORS BEACH MENDOCINO
Story of the Disaster Told by the Rescued
Seamen,
MENDOCINO, Cal.. Inov. 23. — The
steamship Point Arena arrived here this
afternoon, having on board the survivors
of the Ban Eenito disaster. After inde
scribable suffering these men— thirty-one
In number — were rescued from the doomed
vessel when the sea had calmed down
sufficiently during the forenoon. They
ate nearly worn out from exhaustion, but
here they have been given comfortable
quarters and are in a happy state of mind
Because their troubles are at an end.
Those who were taken from the San
Benito this morning are: Captain \V.
Smith; Richard Zolling, first officer;
James Swan, second officer; Charles Bile,
third officer; W. Wood, cnief engineer;
Peter Cleary, third assistant engineer;
Gus Johnson, quartermaster; F. Nelson,
carpenter; James W. Stewart, seaman;
Nicole Nelson, seaman; John Benson, sea
man; J. A. Barclay, seaman; O. Simmons,
seaman; Arthur Wnite, seaman; John
Jt'erry, lamp-trimmer; William Sloan, en
gineers' storekeeper; James J. Riley, fire
man; James Keboe, fireman; James Me-
Daid, fireman; Barney Fahey, fireman;
Edward Fahey. fireman; M. Pendergast,
fireman; William Sheehan, coalpasser;
Manuel Fernandez, coalpasser; Michael
KeHy, coalpasser; W. H. Jeffs, water
tender; John Keen, water-tender; James
Ward, water-tender; John J. Wilson,
second cook* C. Meyers, saloon man;
Frank Dean, messboy.
Six more of the survivors are at Point
Arena. Captain Smith, worn out with
hardships and sad at heart over the loss
of his ship and men, declined to give any
details, and beyond giving the names of a
few men who left tne Ban Benito, either in
the boat that got off or by swimming, he
made no statement. Martin Kelly of the
engineeps department gives the following
accyunt of the disaster:
The San Benito struck about 1:15
in the morning and broke in two in
twenty minutes, parting through the en
gine-room. The bow of the ship was
thrown northeast toward the shore and
the stern lay due east, about fifty yards
distant. When the ship struck the two
port boats swung out seaward. A terrible
sea was running and as the ship swung
around these boats were rendered useless.
The men went to the lee side toward the
shore and launched the forward boat.
Captain Smith asked the mate what he
thought about getting into the boat and
the mate replied:
"We don't know where we are."
The mate said, further, that he thought
there were rocks all around them, as the
surf was breaking high on all sides, and
be advised everybody to stand by the
ship. Probably some did embark in this
boat, bnt because of the confusion that
followed Mr. Kelly does not know to a cer
tainty.
Just at this moment there was an awful
crashing of timbers and the mate called to
the crew to look out for falling masts.
The masts, however, stood intact, but the
gallant ship broke in two pieces. As soon
as the forward part of the ship became so
placed that the men could do anything
they launched starboard boat number two.
The captain said to his men, "We might
as well stick by the ship." He advised all
tj stay on tiie yes»el, bat allowed those
who thought it tended to their safety to
go in the boat. He told them they could
not get to the shore through the break
ers, and advised them to keep out to sea.
In this boat went O. W. Scott, first as
sistant engineer; C. Condon, second as
sistant engineer; H.Jackson, fireman ; N.
F. Fitzgerald, N. Ly va ana C. Brown, coal
passers; F. Fuster and C. Jansen, seamen,
and J. Shreran, messnian.
It was very daik ar.d hazy and after the
boat pushed off it was not seen again by
those left on the wreck, but later it wa&
learned that four of these men reached
the suore.
Of those who left the ship some time
after this boatload, George Christopher
swam to the shore and was saved. I. W.
Wilson tried to swim to the shore, but the
ebbing tide carried him out to sea and he
was drowned. H. Feben was washed off
tbe ship, and although unable to swim
was thrown up on the shore and saved.
After the boatload of men left tha ship
the remaining men and officers took to the
foremast rigging, and stayed there until
they were rescued. Even after the sea
had become somewhat calmer, the waves
still dashed over the deck. The only ones
who were not in the rigging were Third
Assistant Engineer Peter Clary, Chief
Cook I. W. Wilson, J. J. Wilson, second
cook, and three or four others. They
went under the gallant forecastle head,
aud locked themselves in to keep out the
waves that swept over the helpless wreck.
At 2:45 o'clock a cry was heard from
the shore, and the crew, rejoicing in the
safety of their comrades, responded witti a
cheer. Thpy felt sure it was some one
from the ship, as up to this time they had
neither seen nor heard anything on
shore, although as long as the engine
would work a constant whistling had
been kept up. Soon after this fires were
built on the shore and they could Bee
people moving about. Had there been a
life-saving service or a rocket-gun at the
lighthouse it would cave been easy to
have sent a rope to the wet and freezing
men hanging in tbe rigging and all
might then have reached the shore in
safety. No effort, as far as the men on the
wreck knew, was made to save them by
the people on shore, and they remained
in their terrible position until the steamer
Point Arena's boat arrived at 6:45 o'clock
this morning.
The men from the unfortunate San
Benito cannot praise the Point Arena's
captain and his gallant crew enough for
their humanity and skiii. As soon as
possible a boat was sent to them and six
men were carried to the deck of the Point
Arena. The boat returned, but the tre
mendous seas nearly carried it onto the
deck of the wreck, and with difhculty the
crew saved their craft from being stove in.
Reluctantly they went back to their own
vessel and waited for a chance to aid the
shivering men, over whom the spray con
stantly fell.
The Point Arena stayed by the wreck,
and at 6:45 o'clock this morning, when the
sea had grown calmer, the men were taken
from the rigging and landed on board the
steamship. Then they looked back upon
the terrors and sufferings of the iast
twenty-nine hour*. They had not fled to
the rigging without making a gallant
attempt to help themselves. As soon as
the ship parted they threw hatches into
the sea with ropea attached, hoping they
would drift to the shore and afford them
the means of saving themselves. These
hatches, however, were carried out to sea.
Martin Kelly put on tj life-preserver
with a line attached and tried to swim
ashore, but the tide set off shore and the
line was heavy and he soon returned to
the ship and was drawn to the deck. After
that they waited for help or death, more
in expectation of the latter than the
former. While in the rigging they had
no food until 10 o'clock last nigbt, and
only a quart bottle of water that Kelly di
vided with his suffering shipmates.
About 10 o'clock it became calm rnough
so that the carpenter could cut through
the deck into the storeroom and get some
crackers, cheese and canned goods, which
he and some of the men who were least
benumbed aud chilled passed to the men
in the rigging.
Captain Strand of tbe Point Arena.when
he found a boat could not reach the San
Benito, sent a boat to the lighthouse with
the Point Arena's lifeline and rocket-gun.
These were hauled to a point opposite the
wreck and the lifeline was thrown by the
gun toward the wreck, but it fell short.
The second time the line broke and the
weight whirled over the unfortunate men.
Fireman Ehiun said the ship struck at
about 1:30 o'clock. He was in the fire
room- at the time. When she struck he
called out to liis comrades and then
climbed for the deck. Tne engineer blew
the whistle repeatedly for assistance,
but none came, and there were no signs
that any one on sUore, at tne lighthouse
or anywhere else paid any attention to
their signals of distress. Of course this
may not have been the case, but in the
darkness tbe men couid not learn whether
or not assistance was near.
CAPTAIN SMITH'S PREMONITION
Bad a Presentiment of JHtanter to the
San Benito.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 23.— Captain
Smith of the unfortunate San Benito had
a strong presentiment that his ship would
be wrecked this winter, and, further, that
she would split in two, just as she after
ward did. He has numerous friends at
the City Hall here, and always called on
them on tbe occasion of his semi-monthly
visits. One of these is Chief Clerk Jackson
of tbe Controller's office, who said to
day:
"I know Captain Smith had a dread of
just what happened to him, and not once
but on numerous occasions bas he talked
of having a feeling of disquiet and fear of
bis vessel being wrecked. Smith on bis
last trip was especially impressed by the
premonition that something was about to
happen to his vessel. I don't suppose he
talked in public as be would to us, who
were his friends, but the day before he
left be sat with us the greater part of the
afternoon, and during that time often
made reference to his queer feeling that
bis run would soon be ended in the wreck
ing of his Vesiel.
"The truth is that he feared the San
Benito. He explained to me that she
was long and slender; that when her
ordinary winter cargo of coal was on board
she was really dangerous. He said that
about 4500 tons of coal would be put on
board, divided into two lots, one at each
end of the vessel, leaving nothing but the
weight of her machinery to balance the
ship. He feared that in rough weather
she would begin pounding on tbe waves
up and aown, and that the sheer weight in
the ends of tne vessel would simply break
her in two and the ship and crew would go
to the bottom.
"While here he also hinted that he was
arranging to give up seagoing and get into
something else for a livelihood. He bas
long had a feeling of impending danger,
but it was especially noticeable last week.
While he never flinched his duty, I am
sure he often left here with anxious mis
givings. When the Keweenah was sup
posed to have foundered Captain Smitb
remarked that sooner or later his ship
would meet with a similar faie."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
FRANK P. SLAVIN'S
CAREER CLOSED
Beaten by a Negro Boxer,
Who Is by No Means
a Star.
Bob Armstrong of Chicago Has
the Australian at His
Mercy.
After Baiag Sent to Ground Several
Times Slavin Giv.s Up in the
Fourth Round.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Nov. 25.-Frank
P. Slavin of Australia wound up his
career of defeat in this city by quitting in
tbe fourth round of his battle with Bob
Armstrong of Chicago belore tbe Park
Athletic Club to-night. Armstrong was
by no means a star, and if Slavin had
been a good second-rater he could have
disposed of the colored pug. The Austra
li n has seen his best days and was by no
means entitled to make the demand he
did before he went. Having signed for a
percentage, be was dissatisfied with the
house and endeavored to back out.
Hugh McWinters of this city and Andy
Watson of Boston, both colored, boxed ten
rounds at 135 pounds in the opening bout.
McWinters won.
Patsey Broderick of Providence and
Jack Madden of Brooklyn were tbe next
pair. They went ten rounds at 160 pounds
and were evenly matched during the first
six, but in the seventh and eighth rounds
Broderick cut loose and punched his man
bard. They mixed things up at short
range in the ninth and the honors were
even. In the tenth boih landed hard
lefts, but Broderick wus a bit stronger
when the bell rang. The referee decided
tbe bout a draw.
Rumors of a disagreement about the
principal "go" then grew rife. It ap
peared that Slavin and Armstrong bad
signed articles to box for a percentage,
but that Slavin was not satisfied with the
size of the house and flatly refused to go
on. Armstrong expressed himself as
ready to box. Afterward some of the Aus
tralian's friends induced him to stick to
his agreement, and he entered the ring at
11:15, where Armstrong had been waiting
for him nearly fifteen minutes. They
shook hands at 11 :2 Q. Armstrong weighed
185 ana Slavin 118 pounds. Sam C. Mus
lin was referee.
Round one — After a moment's sparring
Slavin led with the left, but was stopped
and countered on the mouth. Every time
Slavin tried to land he was stopped by
Armstrong's left. Tbe colored man put
a right on the body and left on the neck,
and sent his man to tbe floor with a right
on the neck. Armstrong punched tbe
Australian right and left and bad him
against the ropes when the bell rang.
Round two — Armstrong shot his long
left to the jaw and easily avoided Frank's
awkward rushes. Armstrong rushed and
had Slavin against the ropes punching
him, while the referee seemed unable to
break the men. At last, having tired of
ti.e hammer and tongs fight, tbey broke
away, ana Slavin landed on Armstrong's
j^w. Both were in distress when the ball
rang.
Round three — SJavin rushed, but got
one on the neck from Armstrong's right.
B>avin was groggy, but foutcht back
gamely. Armstrong swung right and
left on the jaw, and Frame clinched to
save himself. Slayin then came in with a
couple of hard rights on the neck and
jaw, and Armstrong was groggy when the
bell rang.
Round four— Armstrone opened with a
left on the nose, bringing blood. Slavin
got in a h»rd body blow, but a left on tbe
neck sent him 10 the flocr. He got up
and shoved his left three times on the ne
gro's wind. Armstrong then landed
some terrific punches and Slavin threw up
bis bands and quit after 2 minutes and 56
seconds.
ALL PRINCETON CELEBRATES.
Oreat Jnv Vrer the limning of the
JJouble Championship.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 23. — All
Princeton was out to-mghtand ceiebratine
in earnest. A baseball championship and
a football championship both in the same
year has filled the undergraduates with
enthusiasm, and every one from tbe green
est freshman to tbe gravest sophomore
felt himself in duty bound to-night to
make as much noise as possible in honor
of the occasion.
Early in tbe afternoon tbe bulletin
board bore tbe notice, "Everybody get
wood," and it was not long before the first
load of boxes ana barrels arrived at the
old cannon. As soon as it became dusk i
whole sections of fences, together witn I
ash-boxes and other property which it was
not convenient to get in broad daylight
began to come in. By 8 o'clock the pile .
bad assumed mammoth proportions, be
intf over fifty feet in diameter and nearly
as high.
At about this time pandemonium broke
loose. The bell in the "Old North Tower"
was kept constantly rinsing, and shot- {
guns, revolvers and firecrackers added to !
toe medley, while lrom the region of the
new library building came the surill notes
of the gleam whistles ou the hoisting
engines,
A brass band then came on the campus
playing the "Triangle Song," and the re
irain was caught up by over 1000 voices.
All the students formed, in line and
marched about the town, fifty of them
drawing a coach decorated in orange and
black in which were the victorious tiger
footbail team, ihe champions of '96. At
exactly 9 o'clock Captain Garrett Cochran
applied the match to the big pile of wood,
and in a few seconds names shot up to a
dMance of nearly 150 feet.
So intense was the heat that it set on
fire the trees surrounding the quadrangle,
making it necessary to turn the hose on
them. When tbe fire burned the students
gathered about the steps of the Clio Hall
and each member of tbe team was dragged
to the front and cheered heartily, and
each one spoke a few words telling how
Yale was defeated on Saturday. Alex
ander Moffatt, Frank Moore and Scotty
McM&fiters also spoke, and all declared
that Yale must be beaten again in 1897.
The hilarity continued late into the night,
and the undergraduates worked off ineir
exuberance of joy by dancing about the
glowing heap as long as it continued to
blaze.
J-'ailurs of a National Bank.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.— The
Comptroller of the Currency this morning
was advised that the Dakota National
Bank of Sioux falls, South Dakota, had
closed its doors. No reason is assigned.
Examiner Z>i»merman was notified to
take charge. . The October report shows
capital stock $50,000, surplus $50,000, due
other banks $32,000, due depositors $175,000,
borrowed money $22,500.
— '- » '
Marcui Smith ilemipnt.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 23.— Mar-
cus A, Smith, delegate-elect to Congress,
has resigned as United States District At
torney for tne District of Arizona.
On- the Eastern Track*. ohv«p>
NASHVILLE, Term., Nov. 23.—Three-quar
ters of a mile, B. F. Fiy Jr. won, Gilford Ham
second, Royal Prince third. Time. 1 -.15.4.
Three-quarters of a mile, M»mie Caliau won,
Merry Saint second, Suste H*wxe third. Time,
1:18^'.
Seven-eighths of a mile, Lauretta D won,
lola second, FM B third. Time, 1 :33?^.
Five and a half furlongs, K. C. Cr«.-ede won,
Eoscio second. Trilby third. Time, I :l2££.
Five and a half lurlontts. If won. Margaret
Allen second, Thornbury third. Time. 1:10^.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Nov. 23 —One mile,
Paul Pry won, tidktl second, fuslleer third.
Time, 1:47.
Three-quarters of a mile, John Conroy won,
Hill Billy sec-ma. Ivory third. Time, 1:17?£.
Seven-eijihths of a mile, Van Brunt won, ban
Johan second, Dick Behan third. Time. 1:34.
Five-eighths of a mile, Alvin W won, Doom
ful second, Hlckey third. Time, 1:03.
Three-quarters of a mile, MarqjiUe won, Poet
second, tlano third. Time, 1 :189£.
LEXINGTON, Kt., Not. 23.— 1 hree-quarter«
of o mile. ABC won. BUI EUiaon second,
Skate third. Time, 1:19.
Five-eighths of a mile, Surdam won, Flotow
second, JH C third. Time, I:OSJ^.
One mile, Garland Bar won, Ace second, Bil
lion third. Time, l:47Ji.
Seven-eighths oi a mile, Loyalty won, Nance
second, Cecil third. Time, 1:34.
Four and a half furlongs, Margaret L won,
Carrie F second, Lyllis third. Time, I:sß>£.
Broke a Tandem Record.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 23.— Sager and
Swanbrough, the crack Denver tandem
team, broke the five-mile professional fly
ing start, unpaced tandem record at Den
ver Wheel Club Park this afternoon.
Time, 10:37.
Watts and Smith, local amateurs, broke
amateur records, tandem, flying start, un
paced, as follows: Two-thirds of a mile,
1:17; mile, 1:59 2-5; two miles, 4:12 3-5.
Toe timing was official.
Hog Show in Proipeet.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 23.— The Santa
Clara Poultry and Kennel Club will hold
a dog show in this city next February.
Many valuable prizes will be offered, and
it is expected dogs will be entered Irom
ell over the coast. J. Otis Fellows of
Hornellsville, N. V., has been secured to
judge the animals.
TAKEN FROM
THE RIGGING
Continued from I\r»t Pace.
was dark, and while tbe flashes of light
could be seen distinctly, tbe object could
only be seen vaguely. There were thirty
passengers on the car who saw it. The
gri&man's name is G. W. Britton. Another
person who saw the object in tbe air was
J. Wyatt, conductor on the car following
mine."
BENJAMIN TALKS.
Is Inconsistent, but Refuses to
Father the Invention.
Dr. E. H. Benjamin, the man who
has either by chance or for a pur
pose been suggested as the inventor of the
airship, was seen at 633 Ellis street last
night by a Call reporter. Hu had retired
and was asleep, but arose, partly dressed,
and cordially invited bis late vis. tor into
bis room, a large single bedchamber at the
front of the boarding-house and with a
bay-window overlooking Eliis street. Dr.
Benjamin is a sinewy built man above the
average height, and with a large mustache
and brown hair and gray eyes.
He frankly denied having any connec
tion with or personal knowledge of an
airship, but his avowals of willingness to
impart the information were it his to give
were not consistent with hi 3 acknowledg
ments tnat a man with so very valuable
an invention, not completely perfected
and not yet securely patentable, would be
justified in lying in a straightforward
manner in order to divert from himself all
attention that might result in his being
persistently followed and the whereabouts
and desigu ot the Hying device made
known.
During a long conversation he said in
part:
"I am a dentist and have been for
twelve years. I am 34 years old and a
bachelor. 1 have a married uncie in
Placerville; his name is F. W. Benjamin
and he is a practicing physician of some
means. George Collins is my attorney,
for I have known George for a long time
and whatever little law business I have
wanted done I have had him do it. I »aw
him to-day and he laughed heartily when
I told him that they had me the inventor
of the airship. He is a shrewd fellow.
Well, I only wish I was the inventor.
But I am inclined to think I would be
afraid to go up in it.
"It is true that I am an inventor, but
along other lines. My inventions have to
do with dentistry, and consist in patented
crowns and bridges for teeth and a re
dacer to draw the gold bars in making
gold caps without seams. Then I have a
number of other little dental inventions.
Since my name appeared this moraing in
connection with this affair my friends
have joshed me a good deal about being
the inventor, and I have told some of
them that they may have a ride with me
to-morrow if the night is favorable. I
have given some thought to the possi
bility of inventing an airship.
"I firmly believe that there is an air
ship somewhere near here, and that it will
not be long before the public sees it, for as
yet, as I understand the newspaper ac
counts, no one has really got a good
view of an airship so much as of a bril
liant, moving searchlight. I expect to be
Trophy
£B3 ireßPCy j£lr~^Bß wE/Cm4&^^ mSS^^Bb tfV *J £m
.^BBbI j3y JSB iHrTjjß Ost^Bm * ■ WfS ■ > KB ? ~
ffiJßJ^ f2M BHBr A&tMB& BB^ ExiaaKm ■
followed for a while and given a warm re
ception until people are convinced that I
am not the man they are looking for."
HE IS WELL KNOWN.
The Alleged Inventor Recently
Visited In the Interior.
Dispatches were received last night from
Woodland and Oroville concerning Dr.
Benjamin. The list of towns claiming
him while he has been supposed to be the
inventor of an airship is lengthening, like
the list of towns that claimed Homer.
A Woodland dispatch claimed that Dr.
Benjamin visited Woodland first about
eight years ago, when he was traveling
for Sherman & Clay.
He became acquainted with Dr. L. B.
Holmes and many others, and treated pa
tients in the office of Dr. Holmes, who con
sidered him a proficient workman. He
has not been in Woodland for about a year
and a half. He tdd some friends that he
would soon complete an invention that
would revolutionize the world. The fact
that he has a wealthy uncle in Orovilie
probably gave rise to the rumor that an
Oroville millionaire had built the airship.
A dispatch from Oroville alleges that
Dr. Benjamin in a native of Carmei, Me.
He was in Oroville November 15 visiting
his uncle.
READY TO SAIL IN AIR.
Court Judges Asking for Passes
and Others Seeking: Positions.
George D. Collins, who claims to be the
attorney for the inventor of the airsbip,
has evidence that there are persons who
believe that there is a real airsbip afloat.
One of these, a boy who has been in the
navy, has written to him making applica
tion for position of cabin-boy or deck
hand. A large part of his time is takeo
up answering questions. Judges of the
courts have already made application for
passes, he says, and he haa no end of
chances to discuss the mechanism of the
vessel. With all this, Mr. Collins throws
a dash of cold water on some enthusiasts
who base their theories upon alleged ut
terances of his.
"I am sorry to see," he said yesterday,
"that the newspapers have been attribut
ing to me such an extensive knowledge
relative to this airship. In truth I know
very little about it.
"On Thursday last there came to my
office a former client of mine for whom I
had prosecuted a claim against the Crocker
estate about six months ago, and asked
me to get gut a patent for him for an air
ship he said he had invented. I said I
could not do anything unless he produced
a model, and he said he would have one
made at once. He attempted to give me
a description of tbe invention, but I told
him it would be of no use to me. lam
now awaiting his return with the model.
He may call any day. When he brings
the model I will make application for his
patent.
'•I know nothing about the airship. I
do not know what it is made of, what
power propels it, nor where its inventor
now is. lam just as skeptical and in
credulous regarding it as anybody can be.
"The reason I believe this airship that
people claim to have seen is his invention
is that on the day he called he remarked :
" Did you see an account of my airship
passing over Sacramento in the newspaper
this morning?'
"I told him I had not seen it.
"He then said: 'l passed over Sacra
mento last night and arrived on the other
side of the bay this morning at 3 o'clock.
I have solved the problem of atmospheric
navigation.' "
Balloon In the Sky.
OROVILLE, Cal., Nov. 23. — Several
people in this vicinity saw a moving light
jin the heavens Sunday evening. To-day's
i investigations result in learning of a Por
tuguese, living . in Cherokee, who sent up
an experimental balloon last evening in
flated with gas from a fire attached to it
in which turpentine and resin are the
principal parts. There is no doubt tnis is
the light seen here. The Portuguese says
he does not think his balloon sailed more
than twelve miles. It was his intention
j to send up another to-night but rain pre-
I vented it. _^,^^^^^^^^^ ;
Spun let Highly of the Army.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.— The
: report of General J. C. Breckinridge,
I inspector-general of the army, was pub
! hshed to-day. It speaks highly of the
army as being in as good condition in
respect to in«truction, discipline, equip
ment and supplies as ever before in its
history. Considerable attention, he says,
has been given to minor tactics and traiu
ing in the field, which under the present
I short service term have become more
pressing. He states his opinion that tbe
growing improvement in the quality of
tbe young men entering the army has not
abated in the least. Much of the rest of
the report consists of details not mani
festly interesting, but he especially notss
the adyance made in the new cavalry drill.
♦
Corbett nnd F'itziimmon*.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Nov. 23.— "Jim"
Corbett, who is playing here this week in
"A Naval Cadet," this evening received a
telegram from Warren Lewis, president of
tne Greater New York Athletic Club,
which stated that he bad posted a $5000
forfeit with Al Smith and sent articles for
the tight between Corbett and Fitzsim
mons at Coney Island be/ore the club for
which Corbett bas already signed to Fitz
simmons. Iv case both sign ana the club
fails to pull off the fight each receives
$2500.
:■--•:' : "-' y -■:-.. ■"'■ NEW TO-DAT.'' _-•"'
SITE fit Olffil^
INSTITUTE] .
LOCATED AT THE CORNER OF
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
\ ENTRANCE, > 3 EDDY STREET.
$5.00 RATE FOR ALL DISEASES.
rriHIS IS A NEW MEDICAL INSTITUTE. IT :IS EQUIPPED WITH ALL THE
-*• modern scientific methods known to the medical world, and combines simultan-
eously the curative virtues of both medicine and electricity in the treatment and cure
of diseases. In this manner quick and most surprising results are obtained in case)
that have heretofore resisted all the usual modes of treatment.
DOCTOR W. KINGSTON VANCE.
The physician-in-chief of the Institute is Doctor "W. Kingston Vance, the eminent
London Specialist. He is a graduate of some of the most famous medical colleges of
the Old World, and has had an extensive experience in many of the largest^and most
renowned Hospitals of Europe. His education and training are such as to make him
peculiarly well qualified to successfully treat all patients who place themselves in his
care. • ■ . ■ . . : . .. s y:;cj;»a: -. •. '&rl&!\
FREE X= RAY EXAMINATIONS.
In the diagnosis and treatment of diseases the physicians of the Institute have to
aid them.every modern device known to the medical world including the X-Ray.
The X-Ray apparatus ot the Institute is the largest and best ever brought to the
Coast. Scientific examinations are made for all by Doctor Vance with the X-Ray,
absolutely free of charge where such examinations are deemed beneficial.
ELECTRICITY.
The electric appliances of the Institute are of the best and include every known
modern device for administering electric treatment, 1 and such treatment is given in
conjunction with medicines when deemed advisable. ■ -
ESI-.EOTn.IO BSILTS
lE^JFtOlkfll 52.00 'XJPv; ;
Guaranteed Equal to the Best Beits in the Market. {
.- ( The use of these belts will be recommended only when they are considered bene- \ I
facial. . . V »
" DISEASES OF 1 "WO^IEIV of every description, including especially all
ailments peculiar to the sex,* scientifically treated and quickly and permanently cured.
DISEASES OF THE HEART, KRAI* ASl> SERVES. The
symptoms are Palpitation, Flushes of. Heat and. Cold, Pain in the Region of the
Heart, Dizziness, Pallor of the Lips and Face, Cold Feet, Swelling of Hands and Feet,
Pum'ness of Face or Eyes, "Sleepnessness, a Tired, Irritable, Discontented Feeling,
Fear of Impending Danger and Death, Gloom and Despondency. If you have any of
these symptoms your condition is alarming and you should, without delay, consult
the doctors of the Institute. They can cure you. "
BLOOD DISEASES, Contagious blood Poison,' Scrofula, Sores," Ulcers;
Eczema, a- well as all other forms of skin and blood diseases, absolutely cured.
RHEIMATISM-Whetner acute, chronic, inflammatory, sciatica or muscu-
lar, cured as i; by magic by the combined medical and electric treatment to be had
only at th» S;ate" Electro- Medical Institute.
DISEASES OF THE KlDNEYS— Bright's Disease, Gout, Inflamma-
tion oi the Kidneys, Diabetes, Uraemia, Gravel, Stone, all accurately treated and cured
by the doctors of the Institute.
STOMACH, LIVER AND BOWELS- The State Electro-Medical In-
stitute is equipped with ail the latest achievements in Medicine, Surgery and Elec-
tricity, which enables it to promptly and permanently cure all diseases of the stom-
ach, liver and bowels. • -
. ; CATARRH— is a common as well as a serious disease. Its symptoms
are too well known to require enumeration. The oldest and worst, cases are quickly
and permanently cured at the Institute.
MEN.
• * - - ■ ■ - ■ ■ _■ ■ .
. Those who are suffering from failing manhood, weakness of organs, exhausting
drains, nervous debility, all of which impair both body and brain ana unfit one for
study, business or pleasure, treated with unfailing success. Special and Kidney
ailments and all constitutional troubles, Rupture, Piles, Varicocele and Hyarocele
quickly cured without pain or detention from business. : . ■ -
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL ifSTITUTE,
3 Eddy Street. San Francisco, Cal.
STRONG AGAIN
New Life, New" Strength, New Vigor.
THE AI4PHRODISIC!
From PROFESSOR DR. RICOKD of Paris is th»
only remedy for restoring strength under guaran-
tee, and will bring baclc your . lost powers an.l stop
forever tbe dangerous drains on -your system.
They act quickly, create a healthy digestion, Dure.
rich blood, firm muscles, rugged strength,' stead?
nerves and clear: brain. Imported direct from
Paris. Price per box, directions inclosed, $2 50
For sale by ail respectable druggists. ■ Mult orders
from any person shall receive prompt attention.
Agents for Pacific Coas\ WALLER ISKOS..
33 Grant Avenue. San Francisco.
4&MHYSI
IS THE ■ VERY •- BEST - ONE TO EXA If iWW
yaur ey«* and &i them to Spectacles and \Kv+
sUsm« with Instruments of liU oirn invention
whose superiorly ha» not been equaled. Us au»
«eas has been due to tbe meriu oi i*y workT^
Otttca Hour*— iv to 4r. m. .
L^HiVF Ynil 'W Tnroa.t, "imples. Copper-Ei
HHIAfK, IUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores.jS
BHUlcers la Mouth. Hair-iailinsf! . Write COOKS
■REME3T CO., 807 Slunonlc TerapleXSH
Hynlcaßo, HI., lor proofs of cures. Cupl-^
3D** 1 c 6^00,000. Worst cases cared In l&fl
iTTimi* day. IOQ-pase tiooit Trcts. gg
BJ^^DR. DALI'S REIXVIGOaATOB
■Llh^™Mm Five hundred reward for any case we
BUS Htfl cannot cure. THIS SECRKTKEM.
HDR. - all * losses in 24 hours,
Five hundred reward tor any case we
cannot cure. THIS BECRKTREM-
K.jV «top» all losses in 24 hour*
£31 Vs&* cures Kmlsslons, lmpoieucy, Varico-
fTTl fm\ Ce!e< Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stric-
tOtl LLiIA tures, Blood Disease and all wast in*
effects of -elf Abuse or Kicessos.
IWilflWl'iJtta (Sent »ealed. $'J per bottle. THKICd
BOTTLES, »5-. cuurameed -to cure any case.
DB. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
-— ■ 865 Broadway. Oakland. CM, T
'L**\iJS** v *t» diseases ; <juicKly . curtd. ; Scad ; for
free book.
PLANS MD SPECIFICATIONS
For a School Building.
Office Board of Educatiov. \
_ Pax Frakcisco, November 17, 1898. /
P ACCORDANCE WITH A KKSOLUTIOX
H accorda:sx-e with a kesolutiox
"X- adopted by the Beard of X duett lon of jlie City
and County of San Francisco, -November 16, 189S,
j public notice is hereby given to architects that
competitive plans and spei iricanons for the erec-
tion of a High school building in the Mission dis-
trict in said CUy and County wilt be received ac-
cording to the "(ieneriU Instructions -to Archi-
tects" (copies of which can - be obtained at the of-
fice of sa a board) in open section of the Board of
Kducation on Monday, Novenio«r 30, 1898 at 8
o'clock p. m. as follows: on a lot 388 feet, front
facing south, by a depth of 184 feet, baviug three
street floatages.' The said plans and specifications
are 10 be in compliance wito "General Instructions
to Architects," and to be so prepared that the cost
of the building, excluding the architect's commis-
{ sion. nhall not exceed in the aggregate the sum of
I (137,000. The architect whose plans and specifi-
; cations ure adopted by the board will be appointed
architect and superinteiiden of the, building at a
compensation of five (5) per cent of the total cost
of the structure. • The architects submitting plans
and specifications ' determined by the board to bo
second and third i In : merit will . receive premium*
of $500 and $300 respectively. '
.-. : ' ■■. GKOROKBEA^STON. Secretary.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
It Direct Entrance from Market St.
' OPKN PJiTII. MIDNIGHT. "■■> -■ m
ftrj .jm i BRASS beds; <
. y" mm " , - FOUDIJJOBEBS* ■
■ Win and Hair. Ma>
; .'.",."' tresses, R•at 1 at a •
. '. Chairs. Wheel Chair*.
i [[I II ■ Commodea, Bade K«*u
"HI I _ a -4 J: ' i Lii New Montgomery
w.• .kf I . Tji St.. under Urau4 ■
. . ' Hotoi, is. Jf. iELABORATE PLANS
FOR INAUGURATION
Already the Hotel Business
in Washington Is
Booming.
Portions of Three Floors of the
Ebbitt House Secured for
Major McKiniey.
Merchants at the Capital City Sub
scribe Libera ly for the Ex
tensive Festivities.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.—Ex
tensive and elaborate plans for the in
auguration of Major McKiniey as Presi
dent are already under way. The selec
tion of rooms at a hotel for the President
elect was left to Abner McKiniey, a
brother of the President-elect Mr. Mc-
Kinley's party will occupy portions 'of
three floors of the Ebbitt House. On the
second floor there will be reserved for Mr.
McKinley's own use three suites of rooms,
two double bedrooms and a large private
parlor, ail overlooking F btree't. On the
third floor all the rooms on the Four
teenth-street side of the building will be
occupied by the party and similar rooms
on the fourti. floor will be reserved for
their use. These rooms include the mite
that was oc upied by Mr. McKiniey when
he was a member of Congress. The rooms
which were occupied by Vice- President
Stavenson when he came to Washington
. four years ago are also included in the
suite.
Eight hundred applications for rooms
had been received up to Saturday night at
the Ebbitt House. At the Arlington,
Manager Bennett said the number of ap-
plications is greater than was ever known
here at this period of the year, and leads
him to the conclusion that the number of
persons who will visit the city to witness
the inaugural ceremonies will be unpre
cedented.
As soon as the committees who will
- have charge of the inausrural ceremonies
have been organized, an effort will be
made to secure an agreement from hotel
men regarding rates and accommodations.
So far there have been no steps taken to
secure anything like unilormity of prices,
and several ol the hotels, it is alleged, are
not advancing rates, but. are insisting that
rooms be engaged lor a period of a week
or ten days.
Every Washington business man ex
pects an enormous crowd of visitors, and
'• arrangements for their reception and en
tertainment will undoubtedly be more
elaborate than ever before.
The announcement that S. W. Wood
ward is to be placed at tbe head of the in
aucural committee while occasioning some
surprise, because Mr. Woodward is a
sound -money Democrat, has generally
• elicited favorable comment. Mr. Wood
ward is a well-known business man and
has had a great deal of experience in con
nection with the work of former inaugural
: committees.
In all recent inaugurations expenses
• have been paid by the receipts from the
sale of ball tickets and privileges. The
' forthcoming event will be no exception to
tile rule.
The business men of the city are so cer
tain of getting their money back that
there is seldom any trouble in securing
generous contributions. It is probable
that the fund raised to defray the ex
,* penses of the coming inaugural will be
larger than ever before and that the pro
gramme of entertainments will be at
tractive to an unusual degree. There is
■already some talk of holding the inaugu
ral bail in the rotunda of the new library
building, instead of in the court of the
pension building. The rotunda, however,
would hardly be larg* enough to bold the
crowd, for the reason that the proceeds of
the ball will be used to refund all contri
'butiona to the inaugural fund. There will
be no desire upon the part of the man
ager 8 to limit the number of the tickets.
JONES TAFURS A TAX ON BEEN
Say* Nothing (Till Pan at the Short
Session Except Appropriation Sills, ■
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.—Sen
* »tor James K. Jones, chairman of the
National Democratic Committee, reached
• Washington this afternoon, and will re
" main here until Congress adjourns. A
.representative of the United Associated
Presses saw him at his home shortly after
his arrival, to whom the Senator talked
frankly and entertainingly upon several
-matters of current interest. He is look
ing remarkably well. He had just come
from his hunting trip in Southern Mis
souri, in company with Mr. Bryan and
Governor Stone of Missouri.
"The weather was too dry," said the
Senator, "to bag much came. The leaves
were so dry that it was impossible, owing
to the noise of the rustle, to get within at
quarter of a mile of a deer.
"i have no idea," said Senator Jones,
answering a question in regard to the
probable legislation of the appioaching
session of Congress, "that anything will
be done aside from passing the usual ap
. propriation bills. As to the Dingley bill,
what is there in the present condition to
make it any more acceptable or necessary
than it was last session?"
Discussing plans lor raising revenue Sen
ator Jones advanced several interesting
propositions.
"Many of the manufacturers," he said,
"who supported McKmley will doubtless
be surprised at the character of the bill
that will be presented to the country. The
conditions that existed when the McKiniey
bill of 1890 was passed were very different
from those that will confront Congress
when it comes to deal with the question.
Then there was a surplus to be disposed
of; now there is a formidable deficiency to
be considered. That will make necessary
a radically different sort of measure.
"For myself," said tne Senator, "I
should support a bill to increase the tax
on beer by $1 a barrel. In the first place
' the alcohol in beer does not pay an equal
tax with that in whisky, and in the sec-
ond place it is a tax that can be easily
• borne. Ido not think that tobacco should
be taxed to any ereater amount than is
now levied.
"It is the one thing that the poor man
almost universally uses, and he should be
-spared an additional impost. The same
tiling is true of coffee and in a less degree
of tea, and for that reason I do not favor
taxes on them. The beer tax should be
an independent proposition It will add
♦30,000,000 to the revenues, and if it be put
in a bill by itself the money would come
in at once.
"As to the income tax, I have not ex
amlned the decision of the Supreme Court
with a view of determining whe'.her or not
a measure could be passed which would
produce revenue from that source without
waiting for an amendment to the consti
tution. A per capita tax might be ievied;
but I am opposed to taxing poverty. I
think the property and wealth of the
country should bear the cost of govern
ment. Of course the poor man receives
just as much and the same benefits from
our institutions as the rich man, but they
shuuid be given just as public tchools are
given to him."
"What will be the policy of the Demo
cratic committee — will it continue the
fiuht as tbe Republican committee has
been reported as having decided to do —
by maintaining headquarters in the in
terim between campaigns and educating
the people by the issue of literature? "
"That has not been officially decided,"
Senator Jones answered, "and it will not
be until after consultation, the date of
which has not been settled. It will prob
ably not be until after Congress meets,
but I think you can say that the fight
will be kept up until the issue has been
fought out."
"When will that be?"
"When the peoi le of the United States
have expressed their opinion directly
upon the question of restoring siiver to
the position it occupied prior to 1873. The
platform of the Republican convention
was a straddling one; it did not declare for
the single gold standard, but only for its
maintenance until birnetalism could be
secured by international agreement.
"I have been assurred since tb« election
by Republicans, some of wide reputation,
that thousands of them voted for Major
McKinly because they believed h:m to be
a bimetallic and that as much more
would be done for silver under his admin
istration as could be accomplished were
Bryan elected. And it would be done,
too. without the danger of disiurbances
that were feared inconsequence of Bryan's
election. There were behind Major Mc-
Kmley a large element who distrusted the
radical supporters of Bryan, afraid to
trust them with the administration of
affairs. But the Republicans are not
united in tins question, and they will have
to settle the matter for themselves between
now and 1900.
"I am nrmly convinced," added the
Senator with great serioutness, "ihat a
vast majority of people in this country
desire bimetallism, and if the Republicans
place themselves squarely in line for the
gold standard and the use of silver subsi
diary coinage there ran be no doubt of the
result of the contest. We failed to elect
Mr. Bryan this year because the Republi
cans had the bulk of the artisan vote and
we failed to convert enough of the farmer
vote to offset it. But they are coming our
way, and if Mr. Hanna is proceeding upon
the theory thai the farmer vote is lost to
the Republicans there can be no doubt of
the issue."
SOUND-MONEY DEMOCRATS
They Contemplate Keeping Tip a Perma-
nent Organization.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 23.— William
D. Bynum, chairman, and J. P. Frosda,
treasurer of the National Sound-money
Democrats, arrived in town yesterday for
the purpose of discussing plans for future
organization with tbe National Demo
cratic leaders in this State.
"The National Democracy will still con
tinue as a National party," Mr. Bynum
said to a reporter. "Nothing but a per
manent organization was ever contem
plated from the outset. We are the only
true Democrats, guided by the genuine
principles of the Democratic party. If
the current resolution should be an issue
four years hence and the free coinage of
silver should be advocated we surely would
nominate a Presidential candidate.
"The question now is how best to con
tinue our work, how extensive it shall be
and what shall be its general character.
In the most of the Western Slates, as in
New York, steps have already been taken
to place the organization on a permanent
footing.
"There will be a meeting of the Na
tional Executive Committee either in In
dianapolis or Chicago before the Ist of
January. Our plans for the immediate
future will then be agreed upon, and prob
ably an address to the people will be is
sued. I think that of necessity we shall
participate in State and local elections, as
we could not act with an organization
with which we are at variance in matters
of principle.
"I do not think tbe issues in the Chi
cago platform, other than that of free sil
ver, to which we were antagonistic, will
survive four years. The free silverites
will not again champion opposition to law
and order or attack the Supreme Court.
If the incoming administration effects
satisfactory financial legislation tbe
money question will amount to very little
four years from now, but if hard times
continue we shall have the fight of this
year over again.
"I do not regard the tariff issue as im
portant. All we need is a tariff bill which
will raise the revenue required. I know
the present tariff law is, in general, satis
factory to the manufacturers. Tne pas
sage of a high tariff bill would be disas
trous, and it is not needed, because of the
fall in prices. Unquestionably the public
mind is set on reform in the currency.
We in the Went believe in that as the
cause of all our troubles.
"The Indianapolis Board of Trade has
issued a notice to boards of trade in
Western cities to join with it in calling: a
National convention to consider what
should be done. This convention will un
doubtedly be held."
Mr. Bynum expressed himself as op
posed to any movement to assist sound
money Democrats to secure a place in Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet.
♦
FRED GRANT FINITS McKINLEY
And friends of the Colonel Want Him
to Get the War Portfolio.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 23.— Major Me-
Kinley's most prominent caller to-day
was Colonel Fred Grant, who arrived quite
unannounced at 1:30 and left three hours
later for New York. Colon' 1 Grant dis
cussed the campaign la New York at some
length in Major McKinley's study and
then retired for a short private talk with
the President-elect. Colonel Grant's
friends are suggesting him for the position
of Secretary of War.
The friends of General Horace Porter,
who is likely to be in Canton this week,
are expressing the hope that this portfoJio
may be offered him. Thers are no indi
cations that McKiniey has made selections
for any of the Cabinet places.
Goes on the Retired List.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov.
mander Thomas Nelson is ordered de
tached from the navy-yard. Portsmouth,
N. H., December 4, and to go upon the
retired list the following day. Ensign G.
C. Davidson is ordered from the Castine to
the Cushing, relieving Ensign R. M. Jack
son, who is detailed for duty at New York
in connection with the Puritan.
Movement* of Cruisers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23. -The
cruiser Marblehead reached New York to
day, having left Bermnda the 19?h. She
left Smyrna for home on Ociober 19. The
gunboat Machias has arrived at Ning Po.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
GENERAL WEYLER
BACK IN HAVANA
Return of the Leader of
the Spaniards From the
Hills of Rubi.
Contradictory Statements About
the Failure of the Campaign
in Pinar del Rio.
By the Use of Dynamite Cuban In
surgents Wreck a Passenger
Train Near Carsinas-
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov. 23. -Captain-
General Weyler arrived here this evening
from the province of Pinar del Rio. His
return has caused much comment, but as
yet it is impossible to learn the true rea
son for his leaving his command and re
turning to the capital. The military
authorities vouchsafe no information on
the subject.
The official reports concerning the move
ments of the troops in the field give only
accounts of skirmishes, with trifling losses
on either side. No news of any moment
has been received from Pinar del Rio.
By an explosion of dynamite a passen
ger train was wrecked to-day near Car
sinas, province of Matanzas. The en
gineer and fireman and two passengers
were hurt. The six cars composing the
train were set on tire by the rebels who
caused the explosion.
As is customary, a pilot engine was run
ning in front of the passenger train. This
was allowed to pass the point where the
dynamite was placed, but a little further
on a rail had been loosened, and when the
pilot engine struck it ths engine was
thrown into a ditch.
Counsel for Lewis Someilan, a natural
ized American citizen, who was arrested
some time ago on the charge of being a
rebel and conspiring against the Spanish
Government, has petitioned the court for
the release of his client on the ground
that there is no evidence to convict him.
Thirty-eight political suspects and
prisoners convicted of ordinary crimes
were sent to the penal settlement on the
Isle of Pines to-day.
MADRID, Spain, Nov. 23.— Many con
tradictory statements have been received
regarding the intention of Captain-Gen
eral Weyler, who is leading the campaign
against Maceo in the province of Pinar del
Rio, Cuba.
It was stated some time ago that the
campaign had resulted in failure and Gen
eral Weyler proposed returning to Havana.
This was denied and later the statement
was made that the Government had in
formed General Weyler that owing to
questions of international and domestic
politics it would not be expedient for him
to return to Havana until he had won a
decisive victory over th» rebels.
On top of the conflicting statements a
dispatch to-day from the Havana corre
spondent of the Imparcial, who is gener
ally well informed, states without reserve
that General Weyler will arrive in Ha
vana this evening from Pinar del Rio. Re
liance is placed upon the dispatch here,
it being held that if it were not true it
could hardly have passed the censor at
Havana.
OTTAWA, Oxt., Nov. 23.— The Minis
ter of Marine was advised to-day that the
steamer Bermuda, the suspected filibus
ter, was reported to be at Halifax, tak
ing on arms and ammunition for Cuba.
Tbe report is said to have come through
the Spanish Consul. The Canadian Gov
ernment always investigates Mich re
ports, but they have generally turned out
to be groundless.
NORFOLK, Va., Nov. 23.— The activity
in mounting new euns and makine other
improvemsuts at Fort Monroe has excited
great interest in view of the war rumors
now prevalent. Colonel Royal Frank,
commandant of Fort Monroe, in an inter
view to-day disclaims any knowledge that
these improvements indicate trouble with
Spain, and declares to be without founda
tion tbe report that he has been ordered
to have the fort in readiness for defense
by December L
By that date, however, the new battery
of three ten-inch disappearing rifles will
have been completed, and a month later,
by order of Secretary Lamont, one of the
most formidable batteries on the coast
will also have been completed. This will
make this fort modern in all respects, and
especially impregnable to any such fleet
as Spain might bring against it in the
event of a war with that country.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 23. -A Jack
sonville (Fla. ) dispatch says: A cipher
message from Havana to a Cuban leader
here says that General Weyler has deter
mined to return to Havana, and the city
is in great confusion. vVeyler gives no
excuse, it is said, except that it is too hot
and unhealthy to do any fighting.
It is openly asserted in Havana that
Weyler became frightened because Maceo
had set a price upon his head or his
capture.
Wevler's scouts informed him that
Maceo might mate an attempt on Ha
vana, and the Spanish general retreated in
hot haste to tbe safety of his palace.
PLEADS GUILTY OF LARCENY.
Ex-Banker Anthony Kozel Will Serve a
Long Term in the Illinois
Penitentiary.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 23.— Ex-Banker
Anthony Kozel, who failed last May for
1114.000, was locked up this afternoon and
to-morrow will go to Joliet Prison on an
indefinite sentence, having confessed to
fraudulent practices in handling funds en
trusted to his care, and asked for an im
mediate sentence. It was quietly agreed
that Kozel will to-morrow morning plead
Kuilty to larceny and be sent to the peni
tentiary. In the transactions covering
Kozel's shortage some $8000 is involved.
He was indicied on three cbarees of lar
ceny, two of obtaining money under false
pretenses and one of forgery.
Kozel is the first bunker to go to the
penitentiary in this State for the misuse
of funds entrusted to via care. The fa
mous Meadowcraft cast is still hung up in
the United States Supreme Court, and the
cases against Keene and Niehoff are
pending. ,
Kozel's Dank was one of the oldest on
the West Side, and at the time of his
failure was regarded as a model of finan
cial soundness. Investigation showed
that aJI tna while Kczel had been doing
business in gross violation of the banking
laws. In many instances it was found
he had dealt in securities that had been
incuiubered for more than their original
value. While Kozel's liabilities footed up
$J 14.000 his assets brought only $2000—
hardly enough to pay the expenses of the
investigation. It was agreed to let Kozel
plead guilty to larceny rather than a
graver charge, as he is over 50 years of age
and broken in health.
SWINDLED BY AN OLD TRICK.
Spicer Berry, Once a Well- Known Cali-
fornia Miner, the Victim of Two
Clever Sharpers.
CORNING, N. V., Nov. 23. — Spicer
Berry, a retired business man and a Targe
real estate owner, was the victim of ,an
old-time swindle of the tin box and three
card trick to-day. For several days a
well-dressed man has been trying to ar
range for the purchase of one of Berry's
lots at Canton, near here. To-day Berry
and the supposed land-purchaser started
out to drive to see the farm, and met a
poorly dressed man, who said he was from
the South and had lost a sum of money
at cards in this place last night. The
Southerner did not mourn much, as he
displayed a large roll of bills and had
money in every pocket. He began to show
the three-card trick, at which he lost his
money last evening. The well-dressed
swinder and Berry became interested and
theformer oet $5 with the second stranger,
which be won. Then he suggested to
Berry that they play for a stake of $5000.
of which the well-dressed stranger was to
f urnißh $2200 and Berry $2800. Berry con
sented and came to the city and drew the
money out of the bank. They returned
and found the poorly dressed stranger
was asking for them. The money was
placed in a tin box, and the man said he
would have to go to Elmira to get the
$2200. Both the swindlers consented to
aliow Berry to take care of the box and
they started off. When Berry opened the
box he found it contained nothing but a
stone and some paper. Berry made con
siderable of his money digging gold in
California.
HEBREWS TAKE EXCEPTION.
They See an Intended Slur in the Lan-
guage of the President's Thanks
giving Proclamation.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 23.—Consider
able interest has been aroused in Hebrew
circles here by the language used by Presi
dent Cleveland in his Thanksgiving proc
lamation. The particular words are:
"Asking a continuance of heavenly favor
through the mediation of Him who taught
us how to pray."
Rev. Dr. A. Guttmacher of the Balti
more congregation, who is to deliver the
Thanksgiving address next Thursday at
the union services in Har Sinai Temple,
said to-day: "1 cannot bring myself to
believe that a slight was intended. Presi
dent Cleveland is too broad-minded a
man to stoop to sectarian prejudices."
Rev. Tobias Scho/arber, rabbi of the Har
Sinai Temple, said: "The President made
a big mistake. His meaning is plain and
1 do not see how it could have been other
wise than intentional. The Government
of this country has nothing to do with
any one's religion. It is questionable
whether any Thanksgiving proclamation
should be sent forth by any President.
Jefferson refused to issue a proclamation
on the eround that such matters bad
nothing to do with the government of the
country."
BRYAN'S HOUSE IN QUARANTINE.
Diphtheria m the Family of the Late Can-
didate of the Divided Silver Demo
crats for President.
LINCOLN, Nebb., Nov. 23.— Health Offi
cer Rhode this morning went out to 1625
D street and tacked a quarantine card
upon Hon. William J. Bryan's house.
Ruth, the 11-year-old daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan and the eldest child in tbe
household, is afflicted with diphtheria,
and the usual precautionary measures
had to be taken by the authorities to pre
vent the spreading of the disease. The
doctors in attendance pronounce the at
tack to be a slight one and have hopes of
a speedy disappearance of the malady.
The quarantine will not materially affect
Mr. Bryan's movements, nor did it pre
vent his departure for Denver at 6 o'clock
this evening. He expects to return
Thanksgiving day, and, if possible, will
begin active work on his forthcoming
book. His publisher, W. B. Conkey of
Chicago, is in the city conferring with Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan as to its publication.
H ARRISO N'S HOUSE LOOTED.
JcxioeU Carried Off by a Bold Porch-
Climber.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 23.—Gen
eral Harrison was made the victim of a
burglar to-night and the gold watch that
Mrs. Harrison has carried for years is
among the missing valuables. The work
was done by a porch-climber during the
early part of the evening wlrle the
servants were out and General and Mrs.
Harrison were entertaining ex-Attorney-
General Miller, who had dropped in for a
call. When they went to retire about 10
o'clock Mrs. Harrison missed the watch,
which had been lying on her dresser, and
her purse was found lying open with a
small amount of change missing. General
Harrison began an investigation and
found that an entrance had been forced
from the roof of the veranda above the
front door into the study upstairs by pry
ing the lock from the window. The thi»f
bad eventually gone from this room across
the hall to Mrs. Harrison's room. He nad
climbed one of the pillars of the veranda
on the south side and walked around to
the front of the roof. No trace of him
could be found.
NO COMPLAINT TO BE MADE
Destruction of a Spanish lag in Dela
ware MM Officially Acted Upon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.— The
Spanish legation is not likely to ' make
any complaint to this Government with
reference to the action of the students at
Newcastle, Del., a few days ago, who de
stroyed a Spanish flag. There is no Span
ish Consul at Newcastle i and i he: incident
to that extent was robbed of any official
character. Moreover, both the Spanish
and American Governments have reached
so perfect an understanding with refer
ence :to i circumstances of this character
that little if any importance, is attached to
them. It was said at the State Depart
ment to-day that if a Spanish flag dis
played from a Spanish consulate or war
ship had been offered an indignity the at
tention of the State Department would at
once be directed to the matter anil a suit
able apology demanded. ;; It is regarded as
not unlikely, that the "jineo" press of
Spain may attempt to magnify the inci
dent, but there is excellent authority for'
the statement that 1 : it will receive: no of
ficial attention either at the hands of the
American or Spanish authorities.
General^ L«'i ' Visit.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.—Gen
eral Fitzhugh Lee conducted his wife and
daughter through the Stato Department
this morning, making brief cails oi the
various officials. General Lee has no idea
when he will return to Havana. He is
ready to go at any time.
LADY SCOTT IN
A CRIMINAL DOCK
Prosecution of Earl Rus
sell's Mother-in-Law
for Libel.
Allegations That a Bold Attempt
Was Made to Collect
Blackmail.
An Outline of the Case Made by Sir
Francis Lockwood to a
Crowded Court.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 23. -The trial of
Lady Tina Scott, the mother of Countess
Russell, and the other defendants, Cocker
ton, Kast and Aylott, upon the charge of
libeling Earl Russell, Lady Scott's son-in
law, began in the Central Criminal Court,
Old Bailey, this morning. The courtroom
was crowded, most of the spectators being
persons well known in fashionable circles.
Sir Francis Locuwood, Q. C, for the
prosecution, stated that Kast and Aylott
were cabin-boys on board Earl Russell's
yactu in 1858 and that Cocke^ton was tne
engineer of the vessel. Since that time,
he said, the Earl had never seen any of
them. Counsel then referred to the Earl's
unhappy marriage and the disgusting
charges which had been brought against
him by Countess Russell at the instance
of her mother, Laay Scott, upon the re
ported statements of the other defendants,
Kast, Aylott and Cockerton.
Sir F. Lockwood called attention to the
action at law which Countess Russell
brought against her husband, Earl Rus
sell, more than a year a^o, for the pur
pose, as alleged, of obtaining a restitution
of her conjugal rights. This litigation, he
said, had been incited by Lady Scott, and
though its ostensible object was the res
toration of Countess Russell's marital
rights, the real object was to extort money
from the Earl.
At this point in the argument of the
counsel for the prosecution Lady Scott be
came greatly agitated and smote the front
of the dock violently with her hands.
Continuing his remarks counsel declared
that no woman could be so base as to de
sire her daughter to resume cohabitation
with her husband if she believed that the
charges of immorality and cruelty which
Countess Ru3sell had brought against the
Earl and which bad not been supported
by the evidence in the Countess' original
suit for judicial separation were true.
Sir Francis Lockwood then read state
ments made by the prisoner, Kast, alleg
ing the commission of an indecent act by
Lord Russell on board his yacht on the
night of June 19, 1888. Earl Russell, he
said, could prove that on tbe night in
question he had slept in Winchester and
did not go on board his yacht until June
20. Proof of Lady Scott's animus and
tendency toward blackmail, he said, was
shown in the fact that circulars contain
ing the terrible charges against Earl Rus
sell were sent to the masters of the schools
in which Lord Russell was educated.
Counsel gave another instance oi the
falsity of the charges by showing that
when Earl Russell took measures to bring
Kast and Cockerton to justice they were
examined privately as to the time and
place of the alleged acts, and they w re
obliged to withdraw their accusations. Sir
Francis Lockwood concluded by saying
that the whole affair was a horrible con
spiracy.
At this point in the proceedings Lady
Scott was permitted to leave the dock
upon the understanding that she should
not be permitted to communicate with
any of the witnesses in the case.
Sir Francis Lockwood. resuming his ar
gument, said that Lady Scott first came
into communication with Cockerton, Kast
and Aylott in November, 1895, when
blackmailing designs were arranged with
Countess Russell. Then, be said, Kast's
brother wrote to the Earl, saying that an
agent of Lady Scott was searching for his
brother, who was in the army in India,
witn a view of getting his assistance in
making charges against his lordship. Earl
Russell immediately consulted his solic
itors, who wired Kast, warning him that,
he was being made a catspaw in the con
coction of filthy charges.
it was eventually ascertained that Lady
Scott's agents bou.ht Kast out of the
army in India and supplied him with
money. While in Bombay Kast wrote to
a private in his old regiment, saying that
he was staying at the best hotel in Bora
bay with 7 rupees a day md everything
found except strong drinls. In fact, he
was "doing the heavy" at i.o expense to
himself. It would be proved, Sir Francis
Lockwood said, that Lady Scott's de
tective, Smith, had supplied Kast with
money.
Calling attention to the assertion of the
defendants that after Kast had left Earl
Russell's yacht his Lordship had seni him
a postal-card, addressing him as "Dear
Fred," inviting niin to join the Earl's
yacht as cabin-boy, Sir Frank said:
"I shall call as the first witness Earl
Russell himself, who will show that the
dates involved in the accusations are im
possible and the facts alleged Jmprobable.
Meanwhile I ask your Worship to hold the
defendants hand and foot until this case is
fully heard."
The male defendants were not allowed
out on bail, but Lady Scott was permitted
to go out on bail, with the understanding
that she was to have no communication
with any oae connected with the case ex
cept her counsel.
The greatest interest is being taken in
the case and crowds of people sought ad
mission to the courtroom to-day in vain,
the court being packed to the extreme
limit of its capacity.
To As*iat the Strikers.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 23.— The executive
committee of the London dock-laborers'
union has received a dispatch from the
leaders of the strikers at Hamburg asking
them to do all in their power to prevent
steamers from Hamburg seeking coal from
procuring it. Tne coal-heavers at Ham
burg yesterday decided to join the strike
of the dock-laborers, and tiii.i action, it is
believed, will compel steamers accus
tomed to coal at Hamburg to seek their
fuel elsewhere. Should the London men
refuse to coal steamers putting into the
Thames to fill their bunker* their action
would, it is thought, tend to greatly
strenptnen the cau-e of the Hamburg
strikers.
Emerson to Succeed Winter.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Nov. 23.— The Hon.
George Emerson, a member of the Cabinet,
will succeed to the vacancy on the Sn
preme Court bench created by the resigna
tion of S:r James Winter, owing to a
reduction in hi» salary through the Gov
ernment retrenchment policy. Mr. Emer
son's appointment is a personal defeat for
Premier Whiteway, who sought the
position for his law partner, Mr. Johnson.
WALES VISITS BLENHEIM PALACE.
Royal Guests to Remain a Week at the
Home of the Former Miss Consuelo
Vanderbilt.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 25.— The Prince
and Princess of Wales came to Woodstock
this evening to pay a visit to the Duke
and Duchess of Marlborough at Blenheim
Palace. Their royal Highnesses were ac
companied by their daughters, Princess
Victoria of Wales and Princess Maude of
Denmark, and Prince Charles of Denmark,
husband of Princess Maude. The special
train with the royal visitors was met by
the Duke of Marlborougb, who was await
ing at the station. A large crowd of peo
ple assembled outside. The royal party
were greeted with cheers as they made
their way to the carriages in which they
were driven to Blenheim Palace.
The carriages were escorted by the Mayor
and the Town Council on foot, and the
Woodstock Fire Brigade acted as a guard
of honor, marching behind the carriages
to the gates of Blenheim Park. The
Prince and Princess of Wales were en
thusiastically cheered by the people who
lined the roadway.
Among the guests other than those of
the royal party were Lady Randolph
Churchill and Mr. and Mrs. George N.
Curzon. The town of Woodstock was
beautifully decorated with flags, banners
and triumphal arches, in their honor.
The Prince and Princess of Wales and
the other guests will remain a week, dur
ing which time there will be a succession
of fetes, torchlight processions, etc. In
addition to this the Prince will <nake
shooting excursions into the Blenheim
game preserves daily.
Owing to the recent death in New York
of Mrs. W. H. Vanderbilt, grandmother of
the Duchess of Marlborough, the annual
ball will be abandened, but public cele
brations will continue throughout the
week, including a grand reception given
by the Duchess of Marlborough oa Friday,
at which most of the leading aristocrats
will assemble.
♦
WAS IT STOLEN BY THE SENTRY?
One Thousand Mexican Dollars Boldly
Carried Away From the Cruiser
Boston.
CHEEFOO. China, Oct. 2(s.— The United
States cruiser Boston, Captain Frank
Wildes, is here at this writing, but at this
season of the year Chpefoo offers few at
tractions to naval officers, and the officers
of the Boston are very little in evidence.
The naval sensation just now is the loss of
1000 Mexican dollars from the Boston,
which Mexican dollars were taken by some
person or persons, who, if the necessity
arose, would carry off a hot stove. The
dollars disappeared from a box outside
th° cabin door. This statement may strike
the uninitated as a trifle odd, but, in the
language of the poet:
•Tis true, 'tis pity,
And pity 'tis 'tis true.
Paymaster Martin found that he could
not store the box's contents, 4000 Mexican
dollars in his safe, so Captain Wildes gave
orders that the box. which is iron -strapped,
made of inch boards heav'ly nailed and
ntted with two rope bandies — the regular
box in which all silver comes from the
banks here, weight about. 250 pounds
should be placed outside the cabin door,
under the eye of the orderly. One night
the orderly and another man disappeared
and by coincidence one of the straw mat
ting bags of coin, of which th«»re are four
in each box, was missed next day. There
is no doubt that the two and some accom
plices carried off the money. To prove it
is another thing. A court of inquiry has
been sitting here for a week, but thus far
the evidence necessary for a conviction is
said to be wanting.
The robbery is one of the most remark
able in the annals of naval history and
there are those who do not hesitate to ex
press surprise at the moderation of the
thieves who, had they been so disposed,
judging by the evidence of their ability,
might just as well have carried off the
safe and a portion of the ship's arma
ment, or even the ship herself.
Drowned in Jamiica*a Floods.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 23.— Advices
received here from Fort de France, capi
tal of the island of Martinique, say that
heavy raics .throughout the island have
caused all the streams to overflow and
immense damage has been done. A num
ber of persons in the interior, all of whom
are believed to have been negroes, have
been drowned.
Failed for a Heavy Sum.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 23.— The an-
nouncement was made to-day of tne fail
ure of Webster & Burnie, Australian mer
chants doing business at 27 Cannon street,
London. The loans of the firm are £180,
-000 and their assets are £120,000.
MSiif Strong!
LI b£z^2m2!f!&rT[ There is happiness in strength. Joy
if Ti^JjSfpijr*' lif nd a d nes3 shine forth from the eye of
i $£^s§r\\ ''/ the manly and stron £- Confidence, self-
-I.^^—— H^iviTl )i \~" esteem and love of society come with the
■V V \ V 1 return of nature's vigor. .Electricity, the
''•AiP^^^ 1 &. \^ -M force of vitality, makes men great. It
1/7 ff^^fHEr^^tt/Wci brings back the fire of youth. It helps
If SE^P^-rßn" jinr^ r " Sanden's Electric Belt is the chosen
r S^wßßß^*W.yC^ spring from which is drawn the vital
tta fl»Sll H ' energy which infuses the veins of men and
V wllf^^ri develops the nerve and physical powers.
T 'j^^^fcprv The vigorous standard of our race is im-
» \i**v v 'Do you wish to read the story of how
•'"'■.- vital force .is renewed '? by electricity ?.\ If
I ' " ->' bo get Dr.* Sanden' shook/ "Three Classes
V • : ■> }lllTWii"'JiJi — *^# il>r of Men '" -which will be sent, closely sealed,
V ■ lihifr^^'^^s^ free from observation, upon request.
VX fT^l^^MrlKJml'sS^n- M*" SANDEN ELECTKIC' CO.,
7. 'Ml iWmwli/ll lj>- *" 632 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel, San Fran-
<Lf ■ '•inllliwlUwr £ r!^''t' Cisco. Cal. Office hours— B a.m. to <> p.m.; ev»n-
-n ii*l "* MB/ 111 111 - ■'■ injfs. 7 to8::^0: Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles
U <£> mif Ml - office. 204, South Broadway. Portlatd, Or., *55
■^ b /' ■' [j lf; ■(•:. ■■ : Washington st. '• ' . - -
>r,: ' •*-■ -.."v "• NOTE— Make No Mistake In the Number, 63»
• Market Street,
HUSBAND AND WIFE
FOULLY MURDERED
Three Hungarians Commit
a Fiendish Crime in a
Mining Town.
Robbery the Motive of the Deed,
but the Perpetrators Fail to
Secure Booty.
Quick Capture of the Assassins, Who
Narrowly Escape Lynching at the
Hmds of Citizens.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Nov. 23.— The
mining town of Nesqueherlng, in Carbon
County, was the scene of the wildest ex
citement yesterday when it became known
that a terrible murder had been com
mitted, the victims being Mrs. Caspar La
Boye and her husband.
The former was instantly killed and the
latter fatally injured. The perpetrators of
the crime are three Hungarians, who were
arrested by a number of men while at
tempting to make their escape, and had it
not been for the interference of the police,
all chree would have been lynched. The
prisoners were taken to Mauch Chunk and
are now in jail awaiting a hearing.
The La Boyes have always been looked
upon as upright, hard-working people,
and during the past ten years have ac
cumulated quite a snug sum of money.
To secure their hard-earned earnings,
which were supposed to be hidden in their
home, tbe murderers entered the house at
an early hour in the morning.
On hearing their footsteps Mrs. La Boya
became aroused and awakened her hus
band. A moment later and at the sight of
one of the intruders. La Boye jumped
from his bed ana a scuffle ensued, but be
fore he could do anything the three
grabbed him and in an instant be lay
prostrate on the floor.
Mrs. La Boye started for the street to
give an alarm, but before she- had reached
the foot of the stairs she was overtaken
by one of the Hungarians, who buried the
blade of a stiletto deep into her breast,
causing almost instant death.
The robbers then became alarmed on
hearing a noise on the ouiside, but before
escaping from the residence they slashed
La Boye with their knives in a most hor
rible manner, leaving him, as they sup
posed, dead on the floor.
When it became known that a murder
had been committed a posse of citizens was
formed and a thorough search was made
for the assassins. Every foot of ground
was gone over in the neighborhood, and
on reaching an old shanty near the rail
road station they found three burly Hun
garians.
They were spattered with blood, and
each had the appearance of having teen
engaged in a struggle. They could give
no account of themselves, not being able
to speak English, and it was all the^offi
cers could do to keep th<» people from
stringing them up to a tree.
As to the Sugar Industry.
LONDON, Erg., Nov. 23.— A representa
tive of tbe United Associated Presses
obtained an interview to-day with Neville
Lubbock, who is at the head of the Colo
nial Company, the leading West Indies
sugar firm, upon the subject of the neces
sity of sending a commission to British
West Indies to inquire into the critical
condition of the sugar industry, the ad
visability of which the Colonial Office is
now considering. Mr. Lnbbock said that
the present indications were that a con
ference of some kind on the situation
would be held shortly, as the question
was becoming very acute. Germany and
Austria, he said, were quite prepared to
enter into an international agreement to
regulate the product of suear, but in the
meantime the British Government, main
tained its old attitude. The proposed
commission, Mr. Lubbock thought, would
have no effect.
mil Knocks Evan* Out.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 23. — Dudley
Evans, champion middle-weight of the
Northwest, was knocked out by Jack Hill,
the middle-weight of Tacoma, in a ten
round contest at the old Mechanics' Pa
vilion on Market street to-night. Just as
the tenth round was finished the police
received a tip that the mill was in
progress and interfered, but not until Hill
was done for.
Knocked Out in the Xinth.
BUFFALO, N. V., Nov. 23.— Jack Han
ley of this city knocked Joe Dean out in
the ninth round before the Empire Ath
letic Club to-night.
34
STATE EDITORS
INVADE VALLEJO
The California Association
and Sacramsnto Valley
League Meet
Officers of the Former Organiza
tion Re-elected for the
Ensuing Term.
Colonel Irish Denounces Journals That
Sacrifice Character for
Gain.
VALLEJO, Cal., Nov. 23.— The rain
fairly poured down in torrents in Vallejo
to-day. It seemed as if the city had been
selected by nature as a funnel for tbe con
tents of the clouds. But the dampness
was not everywhere. That is impossible,
according to Charles A Carroll, the
youthful editor of the Calistogian, so long
as a body of journalists are anywhere in
sight.
For the rural editor reigned supreme in
Vallejo, for the time at least, it being the
occasion of the annual session of the Cali
fornia Press Association. The morning
trains and all the boats coming into the
town numbered among their passengers
editors from every part of the State.
Not a man brought a pencil, such a
habit being against the unwritten rules ot
tbe association on the occr.sion of its an
nual festival. Even the man who drafted
the resolutions had to go forth and borrow
the graphite wherewith to perform his
duty.
Happy-mannered A. J. Wiley of the
Eureka Times was one of the first to be
washed into the town by the flood. As he
walked up the street toward a hotel ex
haling the pleasant odor of the Humboldt
County redwood forests the street urchins,
anticipating the lively times in prospect
for the day, gathered on the corner and
whispered, "Here comes the first one,
boys," in so audible a tone that Editor
Wiley turned and grinned bis appreci
ation.
Then there was Scipio Craig of the Red
lands Citrograph, who was a marked man
among his brethren by the redolent odor
of citrus fruits which pervaded the at
mosphere about him. When he and
Brother Wiley were introduced Craig
said:
"I would have known you were from the
north."
"Well," answered Wiley, with a laugh,
"1 would have bet my hat you were from
the south."
The oldest editor present was the vener
able scribe of the Selraa Enterprise, V. I.
Willis, whose hair bore mute testimony to
the whitening effect of the snows of sixty
two winters. In strong contrast to Editor
Willis was George W. Filcher, associate
editor of the Placer Herald. His life's
journey had seen on'y twenty-two mile
stones fade from tight, but that he was
happy in his chosen vocation was evident.
One remarkable thing in connection
with this year's meeting of the association
was that instead of a tele of woe as regards j
the condition of the various sections of the j
State everybody had cheering news of a !
revival of business. Even Democratic cdi- j
tors of the most pronounced type ad- I
mitted that McKinley's election seemed |
to augur better limes.
At \1 a. m. the Sacramento Valley Press
League convened in San Pablo Hall, forty
members being present, most of whom are :
members of the State association. Presi- ;
dent Raleigh Barcar delivered a short ad- |
dress, expressing his pleasure that de- i
spue the inclement weather so many
members were present.
The executive committee reported that !
no report had been prepared. This was
followed by the reading of tbe minutes of
the last meeting by the secretary.
H. A. McCraney of the Sacramento
County Ledger and T. G. Springer of the
Butte County Pendulum were admitted to
membership in the league. Later W. C.
Brown of the Martinez Gazette was
brought forward as a candidate to settle
the mooted question of whether a man
living in the San Joaquin Valley couid be
admitted to membership. There were no
dissenting voies and Mr. Brown was duly
admitted.
Editors McCraney. Morris, Bessac and j
Willis then took active part in a discus- j
sion of the question of whether a legisla- i
tire committee should be formeJ. It was I
finally decided that the interest of the!
league required such a committee, and j
President Barcar appointed G. A. Morris j
of the Marysville Appeal and E. li. Willis
of the Sacramento Record- Union as two
of the members, himself constituting the
third.
H. A. McCranev of tbe Sacramento '
County Ledger. L. B. Littlerield of the !
Honcut Pendulum and L. H. Woodworth !
of the Yuba City Farmer drew up resolu
tions of respect to the memory of the wife '
of A. H. Downer of the Crockett Record I
and George Ohieyer, an honorary member. !,
Editors Dinkelspiel. Woodw'orth and •'
Dodson were appointed a committee to !
draw up resolutions thanking the people 1
of Vallejo for their hospitality. The meet
ing then adjourned, with the understand
ing tbat tbe spring convention would be ■
held at Oroville in May.
Promptly at 2 P. M. the California Press
Association opened its session. President
E. B. Willis introduced Colonel John P. !
Irish, who had been invited to address the '
meeting. Despite tbe fact that Colonel
Irish had got up in the senii-darjcness of
the early morning and made the mistake
of putting on one black and one tan ehoo,
had broken the handle off his cherished
umbrella on the trip to Vallejo aud fallen
in love with a swarthy deckhand on the
boat, who he thought would have made
an ideal pirate, he came forward in great
good humor and maie a telling speech.
He also chose the occasion to make a furi
ous onslaught on the San Francisco Ex
aminer. In part he said :
I don't intend to talk to you to-day about
the businefi* of manufacturing newspapers, for
that is what it is. Man who have more naoney
than they know what to do with nowaday*
seem to have gone into the newspaper busi
ness, lhe men who really make them are
really so many operators— nothing more— and
there it nothing ol individuality in them.
Nobody seems to be responsible for anything
tbat appears in a metropolitan journal". Th-e
man who owns the paper may really live in
tome other State than that in which it Is pub
lished. He may even live in Egypt. With a
country paper It is different. There the pages
are generally clean, because everybody knows
who ii responsible for what appears therein.
Every page is marked by the individuality of
the editor.
Here lately there has appeared an editorial
in thu Portland Oregonian aaeut the people oi
Scene *t the Reception to the California Press Association in the Parlors of the Bernard House at Vallejo.
this State that seems to have aroused almost
universal antipathy. Let me say before I go
further that to my mind the Portland Orego
nian is one of the best edited papers in the
country.
People of other States take a community to
be what is reflected In the columns of its
daily press. If the news In the metropolitan
journals is of nothing but crime and scandal
necessarily tbe people take the community to
be degraded. Let me give you an iustance.
Not long ago au Eastern gentleman was at my
table to dinner. He had in his hand a copy of
a San Franci«co morning paper, and after pe
rusing It diligently for a few moments he said:
"Irish! I wouldn't live in your State for the
world."
"Why?" I queried in surprise.
"Well," he answered, "simply because tbe
life of the people of any section of the couutry
is reflected in its daily press. I have been
reading this paper very carefully"— and now,
my friends, listen carefully to what I am go
ing to state, because the paper that Eastern
gentleman held in his hand was a copy of the
Baa Francisco Examiner— "and It is four-flithi
full oi crime aud scandal and vicious insinua
tions and rottenness and filth of the worst do
scriotion.'*
What do you think of that? And yet the
very paper that gave the Portland Oregonian
cause for making a justifiable attack upon the
good people of this State was the very loudest
in its denunciation of the editorial to which 1
have referred.
What I wish is that this association could
go East once a year and show the people there
what kind of civilization we really have here.
I want them to see our local press held up as a
mirror to the world oi what we really are.
Mexico and the Sandwich Islands, which I
bar* understood have been mentioned as !
destinations for trips in the luture, are all I
well enough as places to enjoy yourselves, but I
what would do you and the country in gen
eral more good— l might say the most good— |
would b« & trip to the East.
There is one thing which makes look
npou the professioa ot journalism with hope,
and that is the entry into the profession of:
woman. I believe that woman is always en- j
nobhng in her influence, and that she is, at j
least in this one instance, is already proved by j
tbe higher moral tone of tbe press whero !
woman is concerned.
I am glad that the country press of this State
is banded together In tills organization. It
will in time be productive of excellent results.
] Lave not tried to Hatter you. I never try to
flatter intelligent men, because it does no
good, and I never try to flutter lools, because
it does them no good.
At the conclusion of Colonel Irish's
address, which was greeted with great
applause, especially his caustic comments
on the San Francisco Examiner, G. M.
Francis of the Napa Register moved that
a vote of thanks be extended to him.
This was done unanimously, the speaker
riiing and bowing hia thanks.
Nor was tbe assemblage satisfied with
this action. J. A. Filcher, president of
the State Board of Trade and proprietor of
the Placer Herald, rose and said:
"Gentlemen, Colonel Irish has not only
sustained nis reputation as an orator and
a journalist, but he has driven home to
our minds a realization of the fact that the
action of certain newspapers in giving
filth instead of news to the public i 3 what
has brought condemnation upon the State
by outsiders, something we have not given
the thought it demands. I move ttiat we
show our appreciation by making him an
honorary member of the California Press
Association."
This motion prevailed without a disient
inc vote.
A legislative committee was appointed,
in the persons of R. V. Robertson. H. A.
McCraney, W. F. Prisk and W. S. Mel
lick. Mellick, who is Representative,
elect from the Seventieth District as well
as editor of the Lancaster Gazette, made
an earnest speech on the subject of libel,
stating that if he carried any hobby into
the Legislature it would be lor the good of
the journalistic profession.
.J. A. Filcher. introduced a resolution
which was adopted, asking all rural edi
tors to use* their influence in securing an
appropriation of $10,000 from the next
Legislature to exhiDit California resources
at the Tennessee Centennial Exposition.
The report of the president and secre
tary showed i the ; association to be in a
flourishing condition, botn,as regard
membership and finances. The by-laws
were amended to * make, honorary mem
bership possible only on recommendation
of the executive committee. Several other
trilling amendments were also made.
An accredit of nineteen was made in
membership. This brings the total up to
167.
The officers of ; the association were all
re-elected to serve for another year as fol
lows: ; E. B. Willis, president; 6. M. Has
kell, vice-president; T.G. Daniels, treas- 1
urer; W. D. Pennycook, 1 secretary. The
new executive committee is composed of
J. A. Filcher G. M. Francis, A. B. Lem
mon, R. E. Monteomery, A. J. Pill -bury
B. Barcar and H. Z. Osborne. T. B. Me-
Kinder, A. Lemmon, R. Barcar C H
Smith, ER Willis. F. W. John/on and
A. J. Pillsbury were elected as delegates
to the National Editorial Convention
which will assemble at Galveston Tex
next February. • .  '
A vote of thanks was tendered to San
Pablo Lodge, O. O. F., for tbe use of its
ommodians and well-furnished hall, and
final adjournment was taken. The time
and meeting place of the next annual con
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1 896.
vention was referred to the executive com
mittee. The Hawaiian Islands, Mexico,
Oregon and tbe East remain in a doubtful
state as regard choice.
In the evening an informal reception
was tendered to the association at the
Bernard Honse, at which many of the
heads of the Navy Department were pres
ent. An orchestra of seventeen nieces
supplied the music, and a bonnteous re
past was served. It was a happy affair
j ami owed its success largely to the" efforts
; ol W. D. Pennycook. editor of tbe Vallejo
| Chronicie. The star performer of the oc
casion was Robert V. Robertson, editor of
j the Pmcervilie Nueget.
An invitation has been extended the
association to view the sighs of the navy
yard by Admiral W. A. Kirkland. and a
trip will be taken to the station to-day.
FRESNO COUNTY'S GAIN.
Promised Development of Vast Lumber
Interests by a Michigan Syn
dicate.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 23 —One of tne re
suits of the election of McKinley will, in
all probability, be tbe«early beginning of
operations by the Michigan syndicate
which has vast lumber interests on tbe
North Fork, Whisky Creer and Rock
Creek, in the mountains of this county.
Over four years ago the syndicate started
in to develop that region, but the election
of Cleveland resulted in the sudden
abandonment of all development work.
it was stated several months ago by a
person interested in the enterprise that if '
McKinley was elected it would not be '<
lo.ig before the syndicate resumed opera- |
tions, add those who beard the remark
are waiting confidently for tbe syndicate '
to make good its promise. There is no i
doubt but that it will do so, and the in- !
portar.ee of it to Fresno can hardly be told. '
There are no finer forests of sugar Dine ■
| anywhere in the country than are to be
found in the 20.000 acres of timber land '
| owned by the syndicate on the north fork !
j of the San Joaquin, and tbe development
of that region will open what those who '
have visited it term a sportsman's Dara- |
disc. The hunting and fishing are said
to be unexcelled, and it will probably not I
be long before a summer resort is estab- !
lisbed in the neighborhood.
It is part of the plans of the syndicate j
to establish its mills in Fresno, connecting
them with the logging camp by means of
an electric railway. Tbe advantage of
having the mills located in this city is
that the company can in that event dis- .
pose of the great amount of refuse of such !
a lar>;e concern. Slabs could be worked
into boxes, pickets and laths, and the saw- '
dust could also be disposed of profitably, i
The railway would be from fifty to sixty '
miles in length and the syndicate could !
j either develop its own power or obtain it
from the San Joaquin Electric Company.
Some of the wealthiest men of the coun- I
try are interested in the syndicate, among !
them being General Alger. But while i
wealthy they are not the kind of men who
are willing to endeavor to promote enter
prises under a disadvantage, which ac
counts for their suspending work under j
the Cleveland regime. With a good pro- I
tective tariff, however, they could well af
!-ford to carry out their early plans.
The prosecution of the gigantic enter- |
prise will give work to hundreds of men i
and add uiuteriuliy to the wealth of the '
county:
SNOW AND RAIN DESCEND
Copious Wetting in Several tections of
the State.
YREKA, Cal.,' Nov. 23.— The earliest j
snowstorm ever known in this locality |
commenced this afternoon and is general
all over the county. About six inches '
has already fallen and it is still sr.owioir i
hard.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 23.— welcome
rain fell all forenoon to-day and there are
i signs of another downpour to-night. The
i grain-growers are jubilant and plowing
j and seeding will soon be in full blast. The
raisins are practically all in and no dam*
ape was done. •
MODESTO, Cal., Nov. 23.-It rained
steadily here ail day, the precipitation
registering 1.18 inches last night and to
day. The downpour comes most oppor
i tunely for the farmers, who have their
; grain in the ground. '
SAN JOSE. Cal., Nov. 23.— A light rain
i has been falling all day. the gauge regis
j tering .77 or an inch. Tn is makes a total
| of $.18 inches for the season.
*
Trying to float the Glenmormg.X
ASTORIA. O*., Nov. 23.— The first de
j termined effort to float tbe British ship
I Glenmorag, now on the sands at Long
Beach, was made to-day by Captain Burns
of the Glasgow Wrecking Company. It
j was successful in so far that she was
moved from tbe position in which she has
remained so long and her nose turned
, around one point. If tbe present faror
! able weather continues Captain Burns
i feels assured that be can re« her into deep
; wat«r. Her hull has remained intact, the
■ damage being very slight.
Accidental Shooting at _ rnncourer.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 23.-A. C.
A. Stewart, a school teacher, was handling
a loaded revolver this afternoon, when it
was accidentally discharged. Tbe ball en
tered his left side below tbe heart. The
wound is dangerous and may prove fatal.
ASSESSORS MEET
AT SACRAMENTO
Gather in Convention to
Arrange a Uniform
System.
Defects in the Assessment Laws
Will Receive Needed
Attention.
Nearly Evitj C;unty in the State
Has a Representative at the
CoLf jrence.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Nov. 23.— For I
the first time in the history of the State
the Assessors of the various counties met
in convention to-day, nearly every Asses
sor in the State being present. The con
ventioa met at 10 o'clock this morning in (
the State Capitol building, but owing to i
the fact that Winfield Scott of Kern i
County, the originator of the convention |
idea, was numbered among the absent '
few, it wa9 mutually agreed to make no
move toward organisation until his arrival. '
At 2 o'clock, Scott having arrived, the !
convention was called to order and a tern- !
portry organization was effected, with !
Scott of Kern as temporary chairman, and
A. C Richards, Deputy Assessor of Ala
nieda, as secretary.
The roll was called, the following-named
Assessors and deputies being present: T. |
H. Berkey, Sacramento; John Adams, j
Placer: C. D. Hay wood, San Mateo; Wil- !
:iam M. Nuner Jr., Calaveras; S. S. Rus
sell, Lnke^ P. N. Speucer, El Dorado;
Charles O. King, San Luis Obispo; Deputy
A. C. Richards, Alameda; Alexander
Ludwig. Shasta: John D. Siebe and
Deputy H. Herzer, tan Francisco; J. F.
Campbell, Stanislaus; James Doolan,Ven
tura; Theodore Summerland, Los An
geles; L. A. Spitzer, Santa Clara; A. G.
Kendall, San Bernardino; M. D. Cham
berlain, Yolo; 0, L. Ortman. San Joaquin;
H. M. Meachani, Napa; J. H. Simonson,
Merced; W. P. McFaul, Mendocino; Iva
H. Parks, Marin; Henry T. Jones, Contra
Costa; W. P. Lynch, Butte; Deputy
George Featherstone. Glenn; L. U. Hos
kins, Madera; J. T. Jarvis. Riverside; J.
F. Mcßriae. Siskivou; M. V. Vanderboof, j
Sonoma; J. L. Barhain, Tehama; J. F.
Gibson, Tulare; J. P. Vincent, Fresno;
G. v 7. Follett, Kings: Charles Schirmer.
Solano, and W. A. Mcßae— a total repre
sentation of thirty-six counties.
It was resolved that ail the chief depu
ties having credentials De admitted to the j
convention on the same footing as tha
Assessors, and an adjournment of ten
minutes was taken for the purpose of
tllowing the chair to select a committee
of five on permanent organization and
order of business. When the convention
was again called to order, the following i
committee was announced: Spitzer of I
Santa Clara, Summerland of Los Angeles,
Ortman of San Joaquin, Siebe of San
Jrrancisco and Meacham of Napa. On
motion. Winfield Scott was added to the
committee.
The chairman also appointed the fol
lowing committee on credentials: Bar
ham of Tehama, Donlan of Ventura, King
of San LuisObiipo, Vincent of Fresno and
Ludwig of Shasta. Then the convention
adjourned until to-morrow at 10 o'clock.
lhe purposes ot the convention are
manifold and are deemed of great ad
vantage to the State at large. There are a
great many defects in the assessment laws,
and it is intended to agree upon some
plans to remedy them. In many in
stances Assessors have to do a great deal
of unnecessary work, which involves
waste of time and labor. The "field en
rollment-book" is an instance of the kind,
and seems to have gained the ill will of
nearly every Assessor in the State.
Another thing that will receive atten
tion is the method ot collecting personal
property tax. It is believed tb»t under
the present system a large amount of per
sonal property escapes taxation. The
reason for this is that the law holds an
Assessor personally responsible for the
personal property tax. so the Assessor will
not assess where he has any douot of
being abie to collect the taxes. As one of
the Assessors put it, "We would be re
quired to sell a poor family out of house
or home, or else pay tbe tax out of our
own pockets." There are bank assess
ments and methods of making up the roll,
the treatment of delinquents and scores of
other matters to be considered.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business met in tbe office
of Assessor Berkey of Sacramento, Spitzer
being selected as chairman aud Herzer of
oan Franchco secretary. A number of
resolutions were drafted, to be presented
to the convention to-morrow. Among
these was a resolution to declare the tem
porary officer j permanent; another the
election of a vice chairman and assistant
secretary, and a Una nee committee to
consist of three members, and a recom
mendation that the convention be de
clared a permanent fixture, to convene
every two years, with an appropriate act
to be drafted and presented to tbe coming
Legislature, making it incumbent that all
Assessors attend the convention.
It was al-o recommended that three
committees be appointed, one on banks
and banking, to be empowered to inquire
and report on the subject of assessing
national banks stock. This committee
will also probably recommend that all
State banks be required to make out a
statement of their assets and liabilities on
lhe Ist of March, and forward a copy to
the Assessors as well as to the Bank Com
missioners.
The second committee is to be known as
the revision committee, and the third as
the new legislation committee.
It wag agreed tbat all of these resolu
tions be submitted to the convention in
writing, and after lengthy discussions on
various subjects the committee adjourned.
ENDS LIFE ON THE DESERT.
Suicide of a Weary Traveler Near Yuma
by Jumping Into the Colorado
River.
SaN DIEGO, Cax., Nov. 23— Joe Carter,
the well-known trapper and guide of the
Colorado desert, was on his way to Yuma
last Friday from Hall Hanlon's, south
west of that place, when, on rounding a
pile of bowlders on the road, he was horri
fied to see a man a short distance ahead
with only his back visible bending over
and hacking at his throat with a short
kn.fe. Blood was streaming down over
hi 3 wrist to the ground. The stranger ap
peared to be about 5 feet 6 inches in height,
of dark complexion and with a dark mus
tache. Jagged rents were visible at the
side of his throat.
Carter hurried forward and drew his re
volver with the words, "Drop tbat knife,
or I'il put a hole through you." The man
looked up in a dared manner, and an
effort on his part to speak resulted in oniy
a raspinr noise that was unintelligible.
Carter hurried to the cyanide plant of Mr.
Lnce, and securing tbe assistance of Luce's
son they returned as fast as possible to
the spot where the would-be suicide had
been leit. He was not to be eeeu. how
ever, and the closest search in the vicinity
failed to disclose his whereabouts.
Carter and three Indian trailers spent
the greater part of the remainder of the
day searching for the man, but although
his tracks could be traced in the imme
diate vicinity, as they led here and tnere
in a zigzag manner, the man could not be
found. The only solution of his remarka
ble disappearance was that the man
jumped into the Colorado River a short
distance away, and thus ended an exist
ence that was evidently irksome. A man
answering the description of the one
seen by Carter was seen tbe previous day
at the Lagr ranch, below Yuma. No clew
to his identity can be given.
FRESNO'S JUDICIAL MIX-UP
Doubt a* .to,. Whether < .- Judge Church
totally Holds Office.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 23.— George E.
Church, who was elected without opposi
tion at the recent election to serve the un
expired term of Superior Judge 6. A.
Holmes, deceased, qualified to-day and
will open . court to-morrow morning.
Judge Stan ton L. Carter, who was an
pointed by Governor Markham nearly two
years ago upon the death of Judge Holmes
to serve until a successor could be elected,
stepped down and , out to give way to
Judge Church. Judge Church will have
only i_ five weeks to serve, however, as the
term of the judgeshio expires in January
and : the last Legislature . passed an act
abolishing it at that time.
There are some — among them Judge
Carter— who think that when Mr. Church \
qualified for the judgesblp it was abol- '
ished according to the act passed by the
Legislature. The law. reads that which
ever of the three courts of which the
term shall first expire shall be abolished.
It is claimed that when Judge Carter's
term expired, which was upon the quali
fication of Mr. Church, the judgeship was
therefore abolished. . -. v
In order that no complications might
result Judge Carter transferred all the
cases before him to the other two depart
ments, so that Judge Church would have
no business, it is said that the personal
feeling existing between the two men was
in great part the cause of these transfers.
This afternoon Judge Kisley transferred
one of his cases to Judge Church's court.
Coming to .«tr lalnnd.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 23.— Paymaster-
General Btewart : of i the navy, according
to a private letter; received master
Sullivan of Port Orchard 1 naval station is
soon to visit the Pacific Coast on a tour of
inspection. $Be left Washington City on
November 5 H and will arrive at Seattle
aboui Thursd-y, and from this city vull so
to : Mare , Island i navy-yard. , To-day Par
"»■"«£ Sullivan made , the third payment
of $28,800 on Government torpedo-Wa^No.
8, being constructed by the Morans. Thar*
•are yet two payments to be made.
SEATTLE'S COSTLY
WATER SYSTEM
Plant Bought by the City
Found to Be Heavily
Incumbered.
Californians Hold Bonds Worth
a Third of a Million
Dollars.
Were Believed to Have Been Taken
Up Before the Property Was
Acquired.
SEATTLE, Wash-. Nov. 23.—Caiifor
cians who bold $50,000 worth of bonds of
the Spring Hill Water Company, a corpo
ration which in years gone by did a big
business in this city, sprang a sensation
to-day when they gave the city of Seattle
notice that the bonds are now due and
owing and that they have a trust deed to
the city's water plant to secure them.
To-night the City Council discussed the
matter, but was unable to reach any con
clusions, and what the outcome wiil be it
is difficult to say. The Californians hold
another issue of tbe Spring Hill Com
pany's bonds, amounting to $250,000.
These do not fall due until 1908. but when
tbat time arrives it ia expected that they
will call on the city to pay them also.
The Californians who hold the $50,000
issue and who created the sensation today
by demanding payment are Myer Lewis,
Hattie Heller, Leopold Uachman, E. and
S. Heller and Herman Alexander. Lewis
holds $20,000 worth of the bonds, being the
heaviest involved. The city supposed that
these bonds had been taken care of by the
Spring Hill Company.
Tne water snpply of Seattle was origin
ally controlled by several gentlemen
known as the "Spring Hill Water Com
pany." To increase its facilities as the
city urew the company in 1886 bonded tbe
property for $50,000, issuing ten-year
bonds and making the Puget Sound' Na
tional Bank trustees of the property to
secure the issue. On May I, ISBB, a second
issue of bonds was made, amounting to
$250,000 and running lor twenty years.
T ese bonds are still out and unmatured.
This made an aggregated indebtedness of
$300,000.
In October. 1890, the Spring Hill Water
Company sold its entire plant to the city
of Seattle for $352,265 67, executing to the
city a warranty deed of all its property,
which of course conveyed the property
"free and clear of all incumbrances."
Nevertheless these trust deeds were still
out, and the bonds were unpaid and un
canceled. The h'rst issue of bonds was
sola in California. They fell due on No
vember I, 1896, and demand was made on
the Spring Hill Water Company for pay
ment, but refused. Now the bondholders
in California have served notice on the
city, the iawiul ownersbf the equity of the
water company's property, asking that
tbe same be paid.
The transaction whereby the city ac
cepted this property and paid out over
$362,000 while these trust deeds were still
uncanceled shows a laxity on tne part of
the city officials of 1890 scarcely paralleled
in -the history of municipal purchases. It
Is claimed by the city that when it bought
the company's water plant the under
standing was that the company should
take care of the bonds. But there was
not, it is said, any written contract, ana
the Spring Hill Company ia now defunct.
The president and vice-president are dead.
Jacob Furth, president of the Puget Sound
National Bank, said to-day that the com
pany would take care of the bonds, but
the fact remains tbat the demand for
$50,000 has been made and refused.
The bondholders have trust deeds on the
plant now owned by the city, anu the be
lief is that the city, before it can get a
good title to the plant, will have to pay,
in addition to th j sum already paid.
$00,000 for the one bond issue and"s2so,ooo
for the issue falling due in 1908.
All day lone the city officials have been
in consultation over the matter, but to
night they admit they are still at sea.
SUICIDE AT PORTLAND.
Sad Death of a Red Bluff Wcman Who
Had Deserted Her Husband
and Child.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 23.— Mrs. Edna
Crowley of Red Biuff, CaL, committed
suicide in Teinpleton lodging-nouse in
this city at an early hour this morning by
swallowing a bottleful of laudanum. The
woman had been an inmate of a dance
house for several months past, and was
variously known as Edna Wallace, Edna
Ripman and under other names. She was
a person ot considerable education, hav
ing been educated at Santa Clara, Cal.
Her home was in Red Bluff, and there she
was married eleven years ago to a man
named Crowley.
The pair did not live happily, and after
a child was born to them they separated
Last night the woman returned to her
room in company w:th a steamboat man
who had known her long. She had been
ill for some time, and on reaching the
room complained not only of tae pain
that she was enuurin •, but also expressed
extreme grief and despondency over tne
possible fate of h"r child "bou;d*anythin<»
serious occur to herself. Suddenly spring"
in* to her feet, with the exclamation "I
don't care," sne seized the bottle of landa
num and before her companion couid stay
her hand she had swallowed tbe entire
contents.
The woman had "some wealth in dia
monds and valuable rings, which she di
rected should be used for the education of
her little girl. -Tell Tom-," the dyine
woman started to savin her last conscious
moment, but the sentence was never fin
ished. a letter wa* found in her posse"
■■SI™ iied to " Thomas Co °p«. m£.
SAW HER CHILD CREMATED.
A Mother's Reaeon Dethroned by the Sight
of « Jinbe's Suffering*.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 23-Mn, Sol
Warren, residing m the Holland block
went out for a few minutes this afternoon'
leaving her two-year-old son deeping in a
bed. On her return she found the bed in
flames and the child's clothirie ablaze
Ipliill
vented? :he but was pre
nun
o?ner iSSii fn ?k 6 l u s m P fl ?m "»e window
J>e»pot,atney After a Debauch
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 23.-Thora«s
DuffodUla was very drunk last ni R ht and
Hi * y dißC ° Tered tQ »* he was tired of life
He procured some rubber tubing hired »
room at the Wetmore Hotel and' turned
the raa on into his lungs. The iandl«,w
detected the odor of the ga, and by
remedie 3 the man's life was saved AH he
MANY WOMEN MENACED.
They Find a Strong Defense Against
Danger That Moves Near.
"Consumptive! Wasting away! Losing
flesh! ' Tired out! Exhausted!" >"
' These are all different? ways of describ-
ing one great form of weakness from which
thousands of women are suffering. They
are nervous, thin-faced women who lack
brightness, vivacity, and seem to be con-
r tinually, weak, exhausted and worn out.
They ■ are v usually sallow, * dyspeptic and
never have a fresh, healthy . color. Many
of them realize that they are in danger of
contracting quick consumption and would
gladly learn now to gain increased vigor,
health and strength. It is for the benefit
of such women that the following woids
have oeen specially printed :
Mrs. M. Neeson, 272 11th St., Brooklyn
I N. V.. writes: "By the use of Duffy's pure
mait whiskey I have gained increased
health and strength, and to-day am feel-
ins; better than I have felt lor many years
It is an excellent preparation and lean
strongly recommend it."
Thousands of opinions similar to the
above have been constantly received from
ladies whose iealth has been restored and
whose lives have been saved by this great
stimulant. ■ Their words prove beyond
question that Duffy's pure malt whiskey
cannot be equaled. Nothing so speedily
creates a healthy appetite, tones up the
digestive organs and purifies the blood
It gives strength and nourishment when
everything : else fails.- All , grocers and
[ druggists keep Duffy's, but care should be
, taken to get the genuine. .. ~.
THE X-RAY
EXAMINATIONS
Scientifically conducted reveal wonders.
Instead of blindly guessing at your dis-
ease the physician or surgeen can actually
see t. Under DOCTOR COOK'S
X-RAY your body becomes transparent.
Your bones, your circulation and the
i
The human band m seen 'under
Dr. Cook's X-Kay.
action of your internal .organs are plainly
seen by this eminent specialist. Hence
I he is able to ge tat the very bottom of your
disease and to familiarize himself with
its every detail.
Doctor Cook continues to treat with
nnequaled success all special diseases of
both sexes. He particularly desires
(DOCTOR COOK)
chronic, obstinate, deep-seated diseases
upon which other physicians have exreri.
mented and failed. Perfect cures guaran-
teed.
YOUNQ MEN, if you are troubled with
! mmmmmmmmmm^mw^mt exhausting drains. pim-
| ples, bashfulness, aversion to society, stupid-
ness, despondency, loss -of energy,' ambition
I and self-confidence, which deprive you
i of your manhood and absolutely un fit you for
! study, business or marriage— if you are thus
I afflicted you know the cause. Get well and be
a man.
j MIDDLE-AGED MEN, there ara
> •"" ... , . ' ■ thousands of
| you troubled with weak, achine backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
: ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable sitrnj
of nervous debility and premature decay.
; Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
: cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of thia
i character treated with unfailing success.
i KIDNEY A D URINARY complaint.,
■ ■"— i i ■ painful, dif-
j ccult, too frequent, milky or bloody urine,
unnatural discharges speedily cured.
! PRIVATE Diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea. In-
I . .. ■■ flammationv Discharges, Stric-
! tures, Weakness of Organs. Syphilis. Hydro-
I cele, v aricocele and kindred troubles quickly
i cared without pain and detention lirom busi-
ness. ;;■; ...•-. r f .
CATARRH which poisons the Breath. Stora-
• m^mmmmmammmmm acb. and Lungs and raves tua
wav for Consumption. Throat, Liver. Heart,
Kidney, Bladder and all constitutional and in-
ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles. Fistula,
treated far in advance of any otlier institution
i in this country. ,
BLOOD and SKIN Diseases. Sore3,SDOts,
_ . ■■ ■ Pimples, Scrofula,
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the »ystem in a strong, pure
and healthful state.
LADIES if you are suffering from persistent
,— mmm mm headaches, painful menstruation,
leucorrhcea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of the womb, or any. other distress-
i ing ailment peculiar to your sex, you should
, consult DR. COOK without delay. :He cure*
j when others fail. : _
| WRITE your troubles if living away from
■ iA© city. Thousands cured at
home by correspondence, and medicines sent
I secure from observation. .Offies hours— to
12 a. M. and 2 to s and 7 to S p. m. Sunday,
10 to 13 a, a. only. Addr^u
nfIP.TnR PflflK '■■ g ® market street.
UUli lUn h\iiih t Sao Francisco, Cal
oai^rrh CATARRH
LOCAL DISEASE pfp^T^vl'^Q
and Is the result of colds ffflcJF&M BAU*H
and sudden climatic ■ JM-^cfPtD-'lE^^m
change. V^
.-. This remedy «io;s not con- Ws3^"*^3l 3f§ Jg? M
tain mercury or any oOier EtL ■C'Jt&AlmW
injurious drag. KSS > ■ < fS5i
CREAM' BALIS ISfjlf
Opens »nd cleans Ihe Na.^l I (llJl \\ UK 111
1-nsuiCea. AUava Fain MiVUlil/. 1 ULMI/
Inflammation, Heals ami I'roiects ihe Membrane
from Colds. Restores the Senses of Taste and
bmeU. It qatcitly *bsorh»d. r.ivos relief »i once.
50 cents at Drug^si*, or by mail; samples XOc by
mall. •"-"' - '■■ ■■;•■"■ ■ • ■ ■ ■■ . .■ ■ ■ - '
• - Ki. V BROTHERS, 66 Warren stre«t. . New York
NOTARY PUBLIC
CHARI.K* H. PH ILIA PS. - ATroaXKT-A*
V l*w n i 2 *°, t *5 r , 1 ' übUc . 638 Mar km ,:., opp»
•it* Pals.,- Ho:«!. Telephone S7o. Kesid«ac« Xbill
r«4 auwk i«lepfcoa« - to* » -^mXRAIN PREVENTS
PRACTICE WORK
Stanford Men at Congress
Springs Are Kept
Indoors.
Light Exercise and Rehearsing
of Signals Will End the
Training.
. Students at Palo Alto Confident That
Berkeley Wi 1 Be De
feated.
CONGRESS SPRINGS, Cal., Nov. 22.—
To-day was put in very quietly by most of
Stanford player?. Some studied aud some
' read, while a few braved tne rain and
. 5-tarted out aa.ong the hills. If the
•- weather bad been pleasant all the men
would have taken a tramp in the moun
tains, as that was the plan.
Yesterday was a busy day for the play
ers. An hour and a half in the forenoon
was devoted to signal practice and in the
afternoon the men lined up for thirty
minutes' hard playing, the last of the
.season until the match with Berkeley.
f The rest of the time from now on will be
r devoted exclusively to light practice and
\ • signal work.
Considering the condition of the field
ths practice was fair. Burnett '00 took
Fickert's p. ace temporarily at guard and
distinguished himself by getting into
every play and tackling all over the field.
• . During the second half of tiie practice
''. , came he was tried at tackle and continued
his work there. Tross says that if a week
" or two remained before the game Burnett
would certainly force one of the other
Varsity players to surrender his position.
The greatest misfortune since the team
arrive! here is the severe injuring of
\V. A. Hurrini.'ton, Varsity left tackle.
V. ,-Jlis accident will make it impossible for
.lumto play on Thanksgiving and J. B.
' Rice '97 has been substituted. Rice has
[ • been putting up a very strong game up
! iiere — stronger than at any previous time
• this season. He has also developed greater
"speed and aggressiveness.
; ".. Fisher and Searight have both been
'.'.•" putting up good games as halts on the
:..-., -Varsity and promise to be in good con
•'. " dition when they line up against Berkeley.
X.l Cojtton is playing his usual good game at
.•' fullback and can be counted upon as a
■ ... sure ground-gainer. Jeffsand Straight at
: " end are doing better work than at any
' time this season. The playing of the
.. "/latter has improved in a marked degree
'•' .' since he arrived at tne springs.
• .• -This is a great place for sleep on account
of the absolute stillness which prevails
; '.-most of the time. The men retire at 9
;. o'clock and sleep until 7:30 the nextmorn
-1 : ing. All tne fellows are determined to
. ■ win that game if good play and hard
''.. i \Vork can do it.
■ • STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Nov.
: - "• 23.— Notuing is talked about here now ex
;. • cept the chances for a good day for the
: . '.football game and a victory for Stanford.
; • News in The Call from Congress Springs
i ' -. to the effect ihat the men were putting up
. ". _ better ball than at any previous time this
: season caused tne utmost rc-joiciDg. £n
■■■ thusiasts feel more and more confident
*• that Berkeley's boast of a few weeks ago
.. that Stanford wouldn't be in it will prove
•a most distressing disappointment to the
■„ boasters.
.: It is calculated by those here who think
they Know something of the two teams
•that Berkeley wiil be outclassed in the
line. Simpson, the Berkeley tackle, will
fin-d his hands full with C. Thomas, who is
V an aggressive player and especially strong
. . ;*t stopping any attacks en mas«e on his
} '.position. In case Jack Rice takes Har
•" . rinpton's place, his lighter weight is a dis
. . advantage, but no man more thoroughly
understands the work of a tackle than
. Rice or uses his weight and his unusual
strength to better advantage. He tackles
• much better than Harrington, but is not
. -so strong a runner with the ball nor so
effective in interfering.
The ends of the two universities are
probably evenly matched and Berkelpy
• has' the advantage back of the line.
Whether that advantage is as great as her
ad"mirers think remains to be seen. One
• ' thine is certain, in backing qualities the
• "Berkeley backs are no better, and if they
• excel at any other point, it must be in
end running, in tackling and in punting.
■ any of the Stanford backs be laid
. oft', they could be replaced almost without
exception by playerß who are but slightly
- 'their inferiors.
. " College songs and college yells are taking
up the evenings now. After the evening
meal the students gather in thedormitory
to practice songs and yelling lor an hour
or so. Some of the yells this year should
-be most effective.
RAIN DAUNTO THEN NOY
Jierkelejf Football Men Practice in the
§j?S§ Muddy Street.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 23. — The
' • Berkeley football men are practicing for
• their Thanksgiving game with Stanford
.. • ' rain or shine, and will continue to do so
up to the very last moment. Notwith
. • "standing the torrent which fell all after
• noon and the wet and slippery condition
• ".: of the ground the Varsity eleven came out
° ; and went through a seVies of evolutions
:.with the ball which extended over an
-.iio'ur. The practice field being *o very
..muddy the roadway to the rear of Nortn
■■■ and South halls was selected for their
: jnaneuvers.
: . .T"he heavy pounding work of the season
; ■'Having already been finished, the men de
". ':voted themselves to sharp, snappy signal
• practice, and to the perfecting of several
. .new plays which will be sprung on the
■ Palo Alto men in the intercollegiate. The
players seeme<l to put enough energy and
.dash into their work, but the inattention
...to. signals was a marked defect in their
iplay. On account of his not making the
play as indicated by the signal, Captain
•-.Ransome received an ugly gash over the
right eye by colliding with one of the men
.in.front of him. While the wound will not
; disqualify him from playing in the
. Thanksgiving game, it will be a source of
"• ."much discomforture to the great fullback,
' and will probabiy prevent nim from do
• ing as effective kicking as he might under
other circumstances.
; ' .Eddie Sherman was not well enough to
practice this evening, and Whipple was
• .put in- his place at half.
■ * Almost at the last moment fortune
seems to have turned against Berkeley,
o for both of her star players — Sherman and
. Ransome — have had their injuries and
ailments redoubled, and, though both will
enter the game, they will not by any
means be up to their normal form. The
disabling of some of the best men on the
. team almost on the very eve of battle has
. ever been Berkeley's misfortune, for it
•.h.appened last year and the year before
•_ krid still the year before that.
Though it will not be definitely known
.• until a lew hours before the great game
.who will constitute the team, yet from a
: Study of the men and their ability a rea-
V sonably accurate conclusion can be
•reached. The following men lined up to
day on the Varsity eleven, all of whom
wi] probably play in the team, excepting
Whippie and Wallthail. some doubt ex
isting aa to the putting in of the latter on
account of his comparatively poor condi
no": Center, Carr; guards, Wallthail
•ud Greisbergi tackles. Ludlow and
Simpson; <>nds, McNutt and Craig; quar
ter. Kennedy; halves, Whippie and Hall;
full, Ransome.
Whippie was taking Sherman's place at
half, on account of the temporary indis
position of the latter.
A big rally of students will be held on
Wednesday night in front of the training
quarters, similar to the one held last sea
son, at which songs will be sung, yells
will be practiced and a general send off
will be given the boys.
PORTLAND'S POLYGAMY CASE.
Romance Back of a Suit Brought by a
Man Against His Wife and Her
Former Husband.
PORTLAND, Ob.. Nov. 23.-A some
what romantic story of the supposed dead
returning to life again came to light in
Justice McDevitt'i court to-day when
Henry Doidge of Woodburn Woodlawn
caused the arrest of his wife and her
former husband, T. Stephenson, on a
charge of polygamy. A curious combina
tion of circumstances will be unfolded
when the tale is told in court to-morrow.
Henry Doidge, the complaining witness
and husband of the woman, Mrs. S. R.
Doidge, wants to know who his wife's
rightful husband is. According to her
story she has been Henry Doid^e's wife
for nearly twenty years, supposing all the
time that her first mate, Stephenson, was
dead.
Twenty years ago Mrs. Doidge was Mrs.
Stephenson. Siephen^on was in poor cir
cumstance? and he decided to go to Texas
to make his fortune. Husband and wife
corresponded resularly for a while. He
fell ill among strangers and in course of
time, hearing nothing niore of him, Mrs.
Stephenson believed him dead. From
that day husband and wife were lost to
one another. Finally Stephenson drifted
back to the north and went to work on the
Astoria-Goble Railroad.
One day a woman came to the camp to
cook for the railroad nands. She formed
Stephenaon's acquaintance and told him a
story of the wrongs and abuse inflicted
upon her by Doidge, who, she said, neither
supported herself nor her six children.
This woman was his first wife. Stephen
son came to Portland and began to pro
vide for his former wife and children.
Doidge could not be expected to like this
state of affairs very well, and so he had
both of them arrested, partly because of
resentment at his wife's former husband
assuming to provide for his neglected
family, and because, also, he would like to
know whose claim is valid.
WORKING FOR SAN PEDRO.
Los Angeles Citizens Attach Their Signa-
tures to a Petition for a Free
Harbor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Nov. 23.— Ever
since word name from New York that C,
P. Huntington had a conference with the
National Harbor Commission the free
harborites here have been on nettles.
Prominent business men, who believe San
Pedro is the proper site for the deep-sea
harbor, got together several days ago and
decided that something had to be done to
checkmate Huntington 's scheme. Chief
Engineer Hood's temporary presence here
added to the uneasiness atid spurred the
friends of San Pedro to action.
Accordingly a petition in favor of San
Pedro, because of its natural advantages
and accessibility, was started in circula- '
tion this morning. Nearly all the promi- j
nent wholesalers and shippers signed it
without a murmur. Oniy about a half- !
dozen refusals were met with, the dissent- j
ers being avowed Santa Monica men. Tne '
circulators of the petition at first moved!
with the greatest secrecy, but after they
encountered a few Santa Monica adher
ents the cat was soon out of the bag. It
is understood that the petit. on is not to be '
presented to the commission unless it be- !
comes manifest that Huntineton has been ■
trying to exercise undue influence to de- j
lude the commissioners with the idea that i
the majority of the business men here !
favor Santa Monica.
TRAGEDY AT VENTURA
William Green Wound* Antone Klrment
and Kills Himself.
VENTURA, Cal., Nov. 23— William
Green, a tailor, shot Antone Klement, his
employer, inflicting an ugly wound, and
then put a bullet through his own brain,
dying in less than an hour. The tragedy
occurred in Klement's tailor-shop this
morning at 11 :30 o'clock. Green had been
working for Klement for nearly two years.
He had some trouble with Klement about
taking goods from the shop. The two men
were alone when the shooting took place.
Green fired three shots, two at Klement,
one taking effect in the left cheek and
coming out under the jaw. He then put
the revolver in his own mouth and nulled
the trigger. Klement is not dangerously
hurt, but has a bad wound. Green was
about 25 years old and a native of Rou
mania.
Barbareno* <?«t>« to Charity.
BANTA BARBARA, C\l., Nov. 23.— A
well-attended meeting was held here last
night under the auspices of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union for the
benefit of destitute Armenians. Lawyers,
business men and clergymen spoke with
feeling of the persecution and terrible
sufferine of those unfortunate people,
drawing tears from the eyes and ducats
from the pockets of many of the audience.
In all about $200 was realized to send to
the foreign missions in Armenia.
Fresno Homicide on Trial.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 23.— The trial of
Humsindo Arana for killing Andreas
Martinez at Firebaugh in August last was
begun before a jury in Judge Webb's
court and will be concluded to-morrow.
Arana was carousing in a saloon and in a
spirit of fun was discharging a pistol
toward the walls and ceiling. He fired
toward the door just as Martinez entered,
and the bullet pierced the victim's heart.
The District Attorney asks for a verdict
of involuntary manslaughter.
Colvin Taken to Folsom,
FRESNO, Cal., JSov. 23.— Cass Colvin,
who was convicted a few days ago of the
murder of hiß brother-in-law, Robert Tot
ten, at Sequoia Mills and sentenced to
State prison for life, was taken to Folsora
this morning by Sheriff Scott and Deputy
Peck. The officers considered the prisoner
a desperate man and hurried him away to
prison as quickly as possible. Coivin wore
an Oregon boot during the trip and was
handcuffed besides.
San Jote's Charities.-
BAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 23.— The ladies
in charge of the Home of Benevolence
are making preparations to give the or
phans an excellent Thanksgiving feast.
At present there are 81 children in the
home— 46 boys and 35 giris. The Ameri
can Volunteers will give a turkey dinner
on Christmas day to the poor of tne city.
Several of the churches will co-operate
with the Volunteers.
Planninrj for a Minstrel Show.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 23.- The Garden
City Cyclers are arranginc for a minstrel
show early in January. There is excellent
vocal, instrumental and comedy talent
among the members, and several comedi
ans and specialists among the San Fran
cisco cyclists wiil be secured.
Will Be Sent to Hhitiirr
, SAN JOSE, Cal., Not. 23.— Robert
Dougherty, a 14-year-old boy i who stole a
bicycle ■ from i C. r H. Northup, was to-day
sentenced to twenty days in the county
jail by Justice Gass. This is Dougherty's
second offense, and he will be sent to the
Whittier eform School. "
■ isA IT ■ « — ♦ ■» — •
The King of I'Uia Is Beecaam'a— 1 *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
The Old Steamer Emma in Saturday's Storm and the New Emma That "Will Be Ready for Business
Next March. The New Boat Will Have Her "Wheel Amidships and on the Lower Deck
Will Have Space for Twenty-Six Teams. She Is Expected to Make at Least J2 Knots.
THE OLD EMMA
AND THE NEW ONE
One Was in the Gale Satur
day Night and the Other
Is in Embryo.
With Her Propeller Amidshi
the New Boat Will Be
a Sensation.
More S. earners Are Wanted on the
Stockton Route to Carry Valley
Road Freight.
question as to the date of the heavi
lest southeaster that has made trouble on
I the bay during the past week ha- often
arisen. In regard to the matter the ferry
boat captains seem to be in doubt. Some
say it was last Thursday and others assert
that last Saturday was the roughest occa
sion on which any of the boats have had to
cross the bay. Captain Johnson of the
steamer Emma says that never in his
experience did he see as heavy a sea as
then raged on the bay. During her last
trip from Oakland Creelt to San Francisco
the little stern-wheeler was almost en
j gulfed, and one of Piper, Aden, Goodall <fe
j Co. '3 schooners appeared in the distance
I as though she was going out of sight.
Chief Engineer Roland of the Emma is
j an old-timer on the Stockton route, but
! nevertheless the weather was too much
j ior him, and, stranee to say, be was sea
sick. Yesterday he was explaining to
his friends that it was a case of bilious
ness, but all and sundry accepted the expla
nation with a credulous smile. Roland it
an old-timer, but when the Emma struck
the heavy swell that came in from the sea
he had to cry "peccavi," and the first as
| sistant took his place. Roland is certain
I that never in the history of the bay has
• such a heavy sea prevailed as that which
j rolled in last Saturday night.
The old stern-wheeler will not remain
on the Oakland route many months. A
new Emma is to take her place, and she is
expected to make at least twelve knots an
hour. The new boat is a departure from
the style of craft now plying on the Stock
ton and Sacramento route, and, in fact,
will be the only vessel of her class in the
world outside of those plying on the
Mississippi. Her propeller will be amid
ships, and when completed she will be one
of the strongest vessels in the bay. The
present Emma with a southeaster almost I
rolling her gunwales under and the new
Emma with her wheel amiuship make a
pretty picture of the past and the present.
Many moons ago Chief Engineer Ro
land, then of the Stockton boat T. C.
Walker, A. B. Darrell of the Stockton
steamer J. D. Peters and P. A. Johnson,
cantain of the Daisy Kimball, combined
and started an opposition freight boat to
Alameda. The new boat was the old
Emma, and for three years they have
kept up the tight and made a living. Now
business has improved to such an extent
that a new Emma is required and the ves
sel is to be built at once.
"How can I explain the plan on which
ttie|new vessel is to be buili?" said Chief
Engineer Roland yesterday. ' 'There is
the model and ;rom it you can see what
we expect to make. The propeller will be
amidships and will not take up more room
than the walking-beam on a ferry steamer.
"Just imagine two separate ships joined
together. They lie side by side, and there
is of course considerable space between
the two halls. Make those two hulls tast
toeether and put a big paddle-wheel in the
intervening space and then you have an
idea of the new boat.
"It our idea be correct, and we are all
old Mississippi men, the new boat should
make about twelve knots an hour, and
thus beat any Southern Pacific boat on
the bay. She will be 150 feet long. 42 feet
broud on the floor and 44 feet beam, and
10 feet deep.
The old Emma is only 85 feet long, 22
feet 6 inches broad and 4 feet 7 inches
deep. We expect to have the new Emma
running on the route between thefoot of
Washington street, San Francisco, and the
foot ol Franklin street, Oakland, next
March. In that event we will carry both
passengers and cargo.''
When completed the new Emma will
look like the Piedmont, only she will
have no sidewbeels, and in the place
where is the Oakland's walking-beam
will be a plain, ordinary house, which
will keep the spray thrown up from the
wheel away from the upper deck. When
completed the new steamer will have ac
commodation for at least twenty-six
teams on the lower deck, and all the gen
eral freight that comes along will be put
on the upper deck. Cabin accommodation
will be ample, and when ready for ber
trial trip the new Emma should attract
universal attraction.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamers are having a
bard time of it carrying the Valley road
freight. Hundreds of tons of general
merchandise are left over every night,
and although four steamers are running
where two used to fill the bill, still they
cannot carry all the goods, and in conse
quence the company's towboat has been
pressed into th»» service. At the present
time the T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters, Mary
Garratt and the City of Stockton are ruii
ninjr night and day, and latterly the
Leader has been taken off the barge route
and is now carrying cargo for the Valley
road. In consequence the navigation
company is very short oi steamers and
some of the old-timers will ba pulled out
of the slough and put in commission be
fore the month i-> out.
Yesterlav the City of Stockton brought
down 200 tons of wheat for the Generai
Millenet. The ship was not ready to re
ceive it, and even if sbe had been the rain
would have prevented the unloading.
Consequently the Stockton had to go to
the seawall and unload there. Eppinger
& Co. will thus nave to pay double wharf
age, and to say that the head of the firm
was angry does not adequately describe
the scene.
Tne Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Orizaba has more freieht offering than sbe
can carry for Mexican port?. In conse
quence Goodall, Perkins & Co. will put an
extra boat on, and all the Christmas goods
«lne in the Gulf of California next month
will get there on time. The chances are
that the Coos Bay will make another run
on the southern route.
Piper, Aden, Goodall «fc Co.'s steamer
Sunol has received a thorough overhaul
ing and is again on the Vallejo route.
Chief Engineer Pryor saw to it that her
engines were in thorough repair, and he
is now willing to bet dollars to doughnuts
that the Sunol can beat the Herald twenty
lengths in a straight mile run.
The Spreckels tug Reliance, with her new
"corrugated" propeller, had a brush with
the tug Active last Sunday. John D.
Spreckels was on the Active, so it goes
without saying that both vessels did their
best. The Reliance started about three
boats' lengths behind the Active and beat
her out a boat's length in the run to
Sausaiito.
Iv consequence Mr. Spreckels ordered
one of the new wheels put on the Czarina
as soon as the is ready for it on the dry
dock. The nev wheel takes the water
quicker and makes more revolutions going
astern than any propeller that has yet
been fitted to a tug. Captain "Gill"
Brockaw is enthusiastic in his praise of
the invention, ami says that now the Re
liance can beat any tujc in the bay, either
in speed or towing.
Captain "Pete" Ott, one of the pilots,
reports the loss of the whistle from the
whistling-buoy, and the Lighthouse in
spectors have sent out the following:
Notice to Mariners, San Francisco Bar, Cali
fornia—lt in reported that the whistling buoy
outside San Francisco Bar, California, is not in
working order, the whistle having been
broken. This buoy will be replaced at the
earliest practicable date.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1895, page 18.
The steamer City of Sydney was to have
sailed lor Central American ports on the
28th inst., but owing to the amount of
freight offering, the date of her departure
has been postponed to December 1. Cap
tain Frank Johnson is more than thank
ful, as he will now be able to thoroughly
digest his Thanksgiving dinner before he
again goes to sea.
IN VOLVES MANY MILLIONS
Beginning of Arguments on a Claim of
Great Magnitude.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.— Before
Commissioner of the Laud Office Lamo
reaux to-day began a case which will be
argued during this week, afterward going
before the Secretary of the Interior, and
will finally find its way to the United
States Supreme Court It is the claim on
one side of William H. Cox to about
$10,000,000 or $15,000,000 worth of property
in Chicago, north of the Chicago River to
North avenue and east of tne Hail survey
to the lake, embracing about 163 acres of
land.
Another set of claimants are H. M.
Lafelette and Matthias Bouner, who claim
to be purchasers of scrip issued to the
heirs of Captain W. H. McKee, a veteran
ol the Mexican War, by acts of Congress.
The land is now occupied by railroads,'
business bouses, a canal and about ten
streets, and among those owning improve
ments there are Potter Palmer, N. K.
Fairbanks, C. B. Farwell and others.
Of Interest io the Const.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.— J. F.
Clute was to-day appointed Postmaster at
El Dorado Canyon, Lincoln County, Nev.
vice W. S. Mills, deceased; N. J. Cram at
Warrenton, Clatsop County, Or., vice L.
Campbell, resigned ; R. F. Hernia, at Bemis,
Adams County, Wash. ; J. F. Purvis, at
Bly, Clailam County, Wash. ; E. A. Brooks,
at Kirklund, King County, Wash. ; H. B.
Robinson, at Porter, Cbehaiis County
Wash. '
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Charles Amend, San
Francisco; William Riley, Soldiers' Home,
Los Aneeies; Joseph Senevey, Arcata;
John Burrows. National Military Home'
Los Angeles; William Amber, Veterans'
Home, Napa. Restoration and addi
tional—William S. Linn, Ventura. Origi
nal widows, etc. — Minors of Henry Rose
blitde, San Jose.
Oregon: Original— William J.Gardner,
Hubbard; Joseph H. Whitine, Bay City.
Washington: Increase— Joseph W. Gold
thorp, Everett.
Stares From Sew Hebrides.
SYDNEY, N. S W-, Nov. 23. -Advices
that have reached here from the New
Hebrides show that natives of the islands
are oeing sold lo the masters of trading
vessels at from £6 to £10 apiece. Some of
the natives so sold are subject to great
cruelties.
Fire in Crandallvilte.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 23.— The resi
dence of F. Poaky, at 10 Otterson street,
in Crandallville, was completely destroyed
by fire about 1 o'clock this morning. The
loss on house and contents is about
$2500; insurance 1 1100.
Itr. Shorb'.i Trial Continued.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Nov. 23.— The
trial of Dr. W. 8. Shorb on a charge of
murdering Mrs. Jennie Snyder was to-day
continued until December 2.
Anotlixr Murder T-ial Begins.
John Collins, accused of murdering Mrs.
Margaret Crowley on the 31st of last August
will appear for trial in Judge Wallace's court
this morning.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
SUSIE B. MARTIN
ONCE MORE FREE
A Jury Decides That She Is
Not Insane at
Present
She Killed Her Husband in a Fit
of Temporary Mental
Aberration.
Arguments by Attorneys Eddy and
Hink.e— Judge Wallace's Charge
and the Verdict.
Mrs. Susie B. Martin, who shot and
killed her husband in the new City Hall
on the 30th of last March, and who was
acquitted on the ground of insanity, is at
last a free woman. A jury in Judge Wal
lace's court yesterday declared that she is
not now insane, and she was at once dis
charged from custody.
When Mrs. Martin entered the dark
courtroom yesterday morning sne was
looking more cheerful than at any time
since the day of her arrest, when she
stood over the lifeless foim of her hus
band, John F. Martin, and assured her
captors that she had killed him because
he had left her and she loved him too
much to live without htm.
Ned Fester, a brother-in-law of the ac
cused woman, retold the story of her
miserable life with Martin, how he abused
his affectionate wife and neglected her to
consort with the worst kind of men and
women in a disreputable quarter of the
City.
He thought this had unsettled Mrs.
Martin's mind and that she was not re
sponsible for her act when she shot her
husband. Mr. Foster gave it as his opin
ion that Mrs. Martin is at present of
sound mind and not dangerous to be at
large.
After the testimony for the prosecution
was in, Attorney Kowalsky arose to make
an opening statement for the defense, but
he was checked by Judge Wallace, who
told him his remarks were not properly
framed. When he persisted in his course,
the court ordered him to sit down.
Dennis Boyle, who had charge of Mrs.
M;irtin for some time while she was in the
branch City Jail, said he considered her
perfectly sane. This view was coincided
in by Miss Minnie Boyle, Mrs. Ellen
Boyle, Archie Levy, Mrs. Kitty Tracv
Dr. E. D. Lustier, Dr. C. W. Card, Meyer
Lindheimer and L. G. Busante.
Arguments were made by Attorney
Eddy and Deputy District Attorney
Hinkie. Mr. Eddy said the prosecution
had failed to make out a case, and that
even if he and Mr. Kowalsky had not
promised any affirmative testimony to
show that Mrs. Martin is sane she would
be entitled to a verdict establishing her
sanity. He contended that the testimony
shows conclusively that she is of sound
mind.
Mr. Hinkle took a different view. He
said it had been proved that Mra. Martin
was insane when she fired the fatal shot.
It was on that point an acquittal had been
based. Did she remain insane just long
enough to pull the trigger and kill her
man and then become insane again?
Wouldn't it be fair to presume that she
might go insane that way and kill some
bony else if she felt so disposed, and then
seek another acquittal on the ground of
insanity?
In Mr. Hinkle's opinion the jury ought
to put Mrs. Martin in a place where the
public safety would not be endangered.
Judge Wallace charged the jury to the
effect that when the trial opened the pre
sumption was in favor of Mrs. Martin's
sanity, and that the burden of proof of in
sanity rested upon the District Attorney.
After he introduced the record of the
murder trial and the verdict of the jury
that Mrs. Martin was acquitted because
of her insanity, then the burden of proof
shifted, for the verdict of that jury must
be accepted as true, and ber insanity
must be conceded. Jt therefore devolved
on her to prove by a preponderance of
testimony thxt she has recovered her men
tal balance and is at the present time in
a sane condition.
The jury took half an hour to agree on
a verdict, but finally decided that Mrs.
Martin is of sound mind.
When discharged from custody Mrs.
Martin received the congratulations of
her friends in a quiet manner, and at once
left the courtroom with her sister and
other relatives.
It is stated that Mrs. Martin will resume
her vocation as an actie*s.
Secretary Uootevelt ill.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 2a— James R.
Roosevelt, secretary of the American em
bassy, is suffering from nervous prostra
tion. He has not been present at the em
bassy for some days, and his condition is
such that he will not be able to attend the
Thanksgiving dinner io be given by Em
bassador Bayard.
Arrived With v Broken Shift.
YOKOHAMA, Japan, Nov. 23. — The
Norwegian steamer Herman Wedel Jarls
burg, Captain Keimers, which sailed from
San Francisco, October 11, for this port
and Calcutta, arrived here to-day with ber
thrust shaft broken.
NO MORE FUSION
FOR POPULISTS
They Have Renounced the
Works of the
Devil,
And Therefore Are Divorced
From the Bedridden
Democracy.
Other Great Issues Besides Finance
That the Bourbons Cannot Handle
to Any Practical Advantage.
The executive committee of the State
Central Committee of the People's party
held a secret session in the State House
in Sacramento last week to bury the dead,
to care for the wounded, aud to discover
what it was that had knocked the party
and its Democratic rider to smithereens.
The situation was exhaustively dis
cussed by the gentlemen present, namely;
E. M. Wardall, chairman; R. E. Bush,
secretary; S. C. Houghton, Assemblyman
elect from Tehama and Trinity counties;
C. A. Barlow, Congressman-elect from the
Sixth District; T. V. Cator, M. E. Dittmar
of Redding, J. S. Barbes of Los Angeles,
L. M. Landsboroueh and J. E. Camp of
Sacramento.
But one opinion was expressed, and that
was that the People's party had gone and
made a fool of itself by marrying tne relict
of the Democracy ; that many of the so
called Democratic newspapers of the
State bad not made a faithful and sincere
tight for the fusion candidates for the
Legislature, and ti.at the People's party
and its principles had suffered rather than
gained by reason of tne political miscege
nation during the recent election cam
paign.
It was decided to issue a manifesto to
the members of the party throughout the
State. In order that the executive com
mittee might test the statement that the
San Francisco Examiner was not sincere
in its pretended tight for the fusion candi
dates, a copy of the manifesto was sent to
that peculiar paper, and, as had been ex
pected, the Examiner refused to publish
it.
The following is the manifesto:
To the People's Party of the State of Califor
nia: Our party sprang into existence a child
of necessity, it will remain the champion of
our demands on the great questions of finance,
transportation and land until the reforms we
advocate shall have been prosecuted to a suc
cessful issue and the (treat strnggle now pend
ing becomes a matter of history.
The great campaign just closed has suc
ceeded apparently ia crushing out hope in the
heart of the people. The success is more ap
parent than real, for a policy that menaces
human liberty cannot be permanently sus
tained in a land where liberty is an inborn
right. Bunker Hill had its Yorktown and
Bull Run its Appomattox. So surely as right
will finally prevail, so surely will the cause of
humanity be eventually sustained at the bal
lot-box. It therefore becomes a positive dnty
to close ranks, align ourselves anew and be
prepared not alone to check luture onslaugnt,
designed to further entrench class privileges,
but to take the aggressive in the struggle that
has for its final object a broader recognition of
the brotherhood ot man.
The object of the People's party was not ac
complished when one of .ts demands was made
the cardinal principle of another great party.
Great as is the silver question, it is not as
great as the whole money question— a question
that involves the abolition of the bank of issue
and the establishment of a postal savings
bank. Great as is the money question in its
entirety, it does not overshadow the issue that
involves Government ownership of our trans
portation monopolies, direct legislation and
the destruction of land monopoly.
These demands are all near and dear to
Populists; and while one oi the great issues
that we have contested for this campaign was
not accepted at this time, if we do our whole
duty not alone will monetary reform be car
ried to a successful issue in the next cam
paign, but other demands will also receive the
favorable consideration that their merits will
command.
Our party in 1896, by reason of the action of
the Chicago convention, lelt it a duty to re
spond to tne demand that we support William
J. Bryan and unite all reform forces in an
effort to defeat the gold power. We cannot
complain of the action of our National con
vention.
By fraternizing for this campaign with the
silver forces we have widely extended a knowl
edge of and belief in our principles. We have
also, by honestly supporting Mr. Bryan, placed
the Democratic party in & position where it
cannot attribute defeat to our party. It is
now plainly seen that the reason the Demo
cratic party did not succeed was because that
party could not be held" together in a contest
against plutocracy. We have done our whole
patriotic duty in the demand for our alliance,
and the event proving that Democrats cannot
attract Republicans in sufficient numbers to
fill the gap made by the wide desertion of gold
Democrat!.
We are forced to conclude that the future
maintenance of a National struggle for relief
against Republican plutocracy requires a com
pact organization within our party of all who
would rescue the Nation from industrial ruin.
To the end that there may be harmony in
our policy and purpose and uniformity in the
action of the party in the several States, we
request that the National Committee call a
National convention of our party lor such pur
pose, to be held before April, 1898.
In the meantime let us begin the next cam
paign now. ready to accept any aid that is
offered with an honest motive to accomplish
our object— the amelioration of the condition
of the wealth creators of this land.
With unlagging zeal every voter who holds
allegiance to the People's party should at
once gira his loins and face the foe. An or
eamzation that will command the respect will
also command the support of the people. We
will command the one and achieve the other.
What the future may have in store for the
country in the way of political alignment none
can foretell. In the meantime I*. will be the
purpose of the young political giant— the
party of the people— to organize and educate
nationally, State and local, all along the line,
to the end that none in a receptive mood can
go astray through lack of opportunity because
of the inactivity of those charged with the
duty of directing the forces.
With courage and hope inscribed upon our
banners we will press forward battling for the
right, knowing that truth is mighty and will
prevail.
J. L. Gilbert (chairman), M. E. Dittmar (sec
retary), Thomas V. Cator, C. A. Barlow, C. H.
Castle.
JUMPING
FROM PAN TO FIXE IS "ALL SAME" TA K-
iue substiute for what you need. When you
need Joy's Vegetable >arsaparUla don't take
Proa sor vrod's or Nod's: take what you go to
get and get what you ank for. This is a free coun-
try and you can get just what you want if you in-
sist. Joy's >arsaparllla cures" habltua. constipa-
tion. Take it.
Weak Men and Women
SIIOPJL.U U&E DAMIAXA BITTKKS.
great > Mexican . Remedy: give* Health . and
BtreogUi to the Sexual Organ* ■
Starts the- HUDYAN . Is the
Blood to HUDYAN Remedy
circulate HUMAN Treatment
tnrongti all HUDYAN to lie bad
tHe parts HUDYAN only at tie
of the HUDYAN - Hudson
My, ana hjDYAN Medical
then yon HUDYAN Institute,
notice a HUDYAN No one
letter HUDYAN else Has
feeling ana HUDYAN Huclyan.
a better = HUDYAN No one
maniiooiL HUDYAN else can
Cures HUDYAN m you
Neryons HUDYAN Hndyan.
Delility, HUDYAN This
Failing HUDYAN Remedy
Manhood HUDYAN cures. -
and diseases HUDYAN It is
of men. HUDYAN safe,
CALL OR WRITE FOR
CIRCULARS. i
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton. Market and Ellis
Streets*
THE HERALD of
CHRISTMAS JIDE
26th ~~
Annual
718 3Vr.A.H.H^3E: i I I ST.
DON'T MISS IT!
EVERYBODY WELCOME.
GRAND DOLL FETE
The Attraction of the Season.
NOTE.— Santa Claus' Letter Box ready to
X?, c .'-X, c « LETTtRS FROM ALL HIS LITTLB
FRIfcNDS. and to ALL GOOD CHILDREN who ,
write to him he will send his Soeciat Publica- !
*" on ' 'Princess Sweetpeas aud Gottlieb The
Davis BROTHERS.
Put your shoulder to the wheel— the
wheel of progress, of prosperity.. This
means that YOU individually should keep .
forward the general good of , the State by .
purchasing California made goods at every
possible opportunity. Put'
"STANDARD" SHIRTS -
Upon your list of articles made here.
i EIjECTRIO EELTS
' \\ , miuL 'V'llt , Are 0011 things if prop- "
'"^ . iimi "*XKfr?*iii '^' M ' made: l)Ut there -U -
i OKvSwiI^.B!SVi n0 sense in paying ahl?U
S>t^^^-<-CS~<^ ; V\^gfc price for a poor article
■gii^v '_!'.„ * ;^^^Si sitnplv because some ad- ,
WHTtjvfijikj^; =r" T^^m vertlsing "quack" de-
»«s^^]iiS^jlwiJ''i mands it. Jbuy no Belt
tiS/ifS' t.Sfv^vsj^r-C" I'" you see Dr. Pierce" s.
j?^ x JKS- Book *"*>■ c »li or
V <vSJv • address DX. PIJ3t»CK •
■^-^> & SOS, 704 Sacramento
xv. • BU, cor. ■ Kcaruy, a. If. ■
Branch Office 640 Market sC & F. : - . • ■ ,
( >^H^« ( ,,g flier Oil i uon -poisonous
. *rjSmsßßP l^^££& remedy for (ionon'hoea,
.^^^^CCKEB^H Gleet, rma( rrhoea, .
£££ny la Ito 6, lays.^l whites, unnatural dis- •
OBmf Go»r»ntml J| charges, or any intiamma- .
Iftj not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
jf^ijPrtTepu conugion. tion of muc o n 3 mem- '
B7£%THEEvA«3'CHEHIC>ICo. bra ies. Non-astringenr. ■
' \^j\C!NC!NNATI.O.^^ Sold by iirnjrpistc,
usa 'iWr or nt 'v plain wr";ppnr,
'^M by express, prepaid, fjc
"<£Vi^ P« i 1 or '■'■ -"tt!'-H, ~».7~-
■■ Circular sent -jr. - «K»3f.
cosmofoijxt
Opposite U. S. Mint, ,100 and 102 Fifth St., San :
Francisco, Cal — The most select . family . hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, $1 '-'5 and $1 50 per
day, according- to room.. ? Meals 25c. Kooms 'soa j
and 76c a day. free coach to and from the hotel. .
Looic for the coach bearing the name of the Co*- "
mopolitan HoteL ? WM. t'AHKK, Proprietor.
Vfi^22Q MARKET SXS.F&S/
56
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 24 ,1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .90.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Pally and Sunday C'ajx, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
V^EUIV Call, one year, by mail 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San I'ranciKco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Mont (joinery street, corner Clay; open until
8:S0 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc W. corner sixteenth and iliasiuu streets; open
tntil 9 o'clock.
U6lB Mission street: open nntll 9 o'clocls.
Xt>7 street ; open until 9 o'clock.
A Market street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Seattle has had a change of weather, but
es it was from rain to snow she calls
it a cold deal.
Don't be too flippant in ridiculing the
airship; you may wish to be in it ycur
pelf some day.
ThanKSßiving and charity were born
twins, and never look so well as when
traveling together.
British ship captains assert that Califor«
nia weather is a conundrum, and we are
prepared to admit it.
If the assessors can give us a good tax
reform scheme they will fill a very long
feit want and the public will rejoice.
Cabinet-making is- a pleasant task for
the outsider, but it is safe to say McKin
ley is not finding it an unqualified snap.
If tbe people in the country have had
enough rain they can count on us in the
City to join them in agitating for a change.
It will be quite proper for Cleveland to
take his body abroad when he leaves
office, for his ideas have been very much
abroad along time.
Since Bryan has declared the results of
his hunting trip were satisfactory let us
hope ho will stick to the sport. The
country can spare him.
There can be no conservative protection,
as the American Economist very justiy
says, except a protection that conserves
every American industry.
According to ttre official count McKin
ley ran behina the Republican State
ticket in Indiana, but aM the same he dis
tanced Bryan by about 18,000.
The collaDse of the nail trust is another
proof that competition is more effective
than Government supervision for the
breaking down of monopolies.
It seems conceded that the Dingley bill
will not be in it this winter. Neither side
is in a mood for compromise, and we may
expect an extra session and a straight
fight.
As Secretary Morton has saved $180,000
in bis department this year he will have
thanks for that much, but all the same
the country would rather have had the
department run better.
If the Kaiser has nothing else to fret
about than insults to his uniforms he
must be a happy man, but the chances
are he is using that merely as a counter
irritant for deeper evile.
The Alabama legislator who has pro
posed a bill to forbid women wearing
bloomers or shirtwaists is a living proof
that the fool-killer has not visited his sec
tion during this generation.
The only consolation we had yesterday
Was in the fact the Weather Bureau pre
dicted fair weather for Ban Francisco, and
accordingly we had warning to take our
umbrellas when we went out.
Although Philadelphia claims to repre
sent the sobriety and honesty of Ameri
can life, she is making more charges of
election frauds against her own people
than any other city in tbe Union.
Carlisle's scheme of increasing the rev
enue by raising the tax on beer will find
very little support from Congress or the
country. "We can raise revenue best by
raising the tax on foreign imports.
A Kansas chicken canning factory has
received an order from Rhode Island for
wishbones in lots of 1000, and now the
Karisans are wondering what the Rhode
Islanders are wishing for at that rate.
The gold-standard free-traders will
please take notice that tbe Republican
party is so grateful for their assistance in
tbe campaign it will not put them to the
further trouble of offering advice about
the tariff.
According to the report of Miss Clara
Barton, there are upward of 200,000 peo
ple in Armenia who are destitute of rai
ment, fire and food ; and still the powers
of Christian Europe are quarreling over
diplomacy instead of uniting for human
ity.
It in reported that in Topeka, a town of
35,000 inhabitants, there are 400 aban
doned wives who nave applied to charita
ble institutions for support, and it would
seem that the men of Kansas are getting
altogether too gay with matrimony as
well as politics.
The members of the Armenian Kevolu
tionary Society who engaged in a free
fight with knives at Lynn on Sunday
ought to be sent home by the Armenian
Relief Society of New England. There is
a pressing need of knife fighters in Ar
menia and none at all here.
The report of a Russian scheme to or
ganize an international board to regulate
the price of wheat is the biggest diplo
matic novelty of the season, but discus
sion of it in this country will be confined
to those who do not care how much wear
and tear they put on their hats.
The report that Japan wishes to take the
Philippines from Bpain has probably very
little foundation beyond the fact that the
Japanese know Spain cannot rule them
much longer and are determined to take
them before any one else does. The case
is not widely different from that of the
United States and Cuba,
SECRETARY MORTON'S REPORT.
The advance information given of the
annual report of Secretary Morton shows
that he covers a large variety of subjects,
some of which are of value to our farmers
and others are no more than a restatement
of his well-known opinions in favor of the
gold standard and free trade. It will be
left for the people themselves to gather
from the report all which concerns them
and throw the political passages to tbe
waste basket.
The first subject of Importance in the
report is that calling attention to the need
of a scientific director in charge of the
Bureau of Scientific Investigations, who
shall serve as acting Secretary of Agricul
ture in case of the absence of both the
Secretary and Assistant Secretary. Mr.
Morton recommends further that the
chiefs of the scientific bureaus should
have larger compensation, iuasmucn as
they do most of the actual thinking and
reasoning for tbe department.
The Secretary urges that Government
inspection should be extended to all
animals intended lor human food, whether
for consumption in the United States or
abroad. This recommendation is in line
with the growing public sentiment in
favor of pure food laws, and will, no
doubt, receive cordial support from the
people generally.
With reference to our foreign trade in
meats, attention is called to the fact that
wbile reports from abroad show that
American cattle and beef are well received
in England, our packers are not partici
pating in the profits of the growtn in the
consumption of hog products in Great
Britain as they should. Danish and
Canadian packers are increasing their
shipments every year, while the Ameri
cans are comparatively remaining station
ary. This condition of trade is attributed
to the fact that the American pork pack
ers do not cure their meats to suit the
British demand.
One of the notable features of the report
is the showing made of the rapid increase
in the export of American horses to Eng
land. The report says: In 1893 Great
Britain took 13,573 American horses, near
ly 23,000 in 1894 and 34,000 in 1805. but dur
ing the first nine months of 1896 more
American horses were .shipped into Eng
land than in any previous twelve months.
The remainder of the message is largely
taken tip by the Secretary in fighting his
political battles over again. He renews
his old controversy with Congress on the
subject of the free distribution of seed.
He points out that during the present j
fiscal year enough free seed was sent out
to plant 115 square miles of garden, that
each Congressman received enough to
plant over 163 acres, and that the cost of |
carrying the seed through tho mails re- I
quired an outlay from the Government of
over $70,000.
After reviewing the condition of farm I
mortgages and the rates of interest on [
farm lands, the Secretary concludes the I
American farmer is not so badly off as has j
been represented. With the moat favor
able conditions for varied and success
ful agriculture and the lightest burden of |
National taxation, what country, be asks, I
can compete with this in developing the j
best resources of human toil with the
minimum of human effort.
AERIAL NAVIGATION.
The manner in which the Sacramento
story of an aerial ship has been received
strikingly illustrates the condition of tbe
public mind in regard to the possibility
of an early accomplishment of success in
navigating the air. The story came upon
us so unexpectedly that comparatively
lew people believed it, and yet the con
sciousness of the great strides that have
been made toward success in this enter
prise was such that very few were found
to declare an absolute skepticism con
cerning it.
It is beyond question that we have been
for some time on the verge of success in
this much sought after system of naviga
tion. The project has long since passed
from the hands of quacks and eccentrics
into those of learned scientists and accom
plished inventors. What has been done
by Maxim, by Langley and by Lilienthal
is sufficient to make it evident that hu
man ingepuity is capable of dealing with
the problem and successfully mastering it.
The strange part of the story from Sac
ramento is that it brings the airship home
to us in California when we were looking
for it in the East or in Europe. Models of
airships have been on exhiDition in nearly
all the great cities of the world and some
of them have shown remarkably good re
sult?. Had the story of the airship come
from London, or even from Chicago, it
would have been much better received.
It was too much of a surprise, however,
for Jhe general public to learn that the
great ship had been built and had sailed
forth from Oroville.
We have in this another illustration of
the old question, "Can any good come out
of Nazareth?" It is hard to believe in an
airship coming from a place where no
body expected so much as a balloon.
Nevertheless, if it proves true and the air
ship shows herself visibly to us all it will
then be remembered it is not the first
time that great discoveries have come
from places whence they were least ex
pected.
It war from the litile obscure village of
Philadelphia, in the wilderness of Penn
sylvania, more than a century ago, that
came the discovery of electricity and tbe
invention of the lightning-rod. It was
from a poor barber-shop in a British vil
lage came the invention which enables sea
captains to determine with accuracy their
exact location upon the ocean at any hour
of the day or night, no matter how far
they may have been drifted from their
course by winds and waves. A hundred
instances of a similar character could ba
cited. If therefore the airship has come
forth from Oroville it will not be an extra
ordinary thing in the history of invention.
THE NAIL TRUST.
The collapse of the nail trust will not be
accounted as an offset to any part of the
revival of industry which began immedi
ately after the announcement of tne elec-
tion of McKinley. On the contrary, it is
one of those failures which tend to pros
perity rather than disaster, and the news
will be well received in all parts of the
country.
The trust was one of the most powerful
and apparently one of the most avaricious
of the time. It undertook to levy tribute
upon every industry that uses nails, and
for a long time was successful in doing so.
Like every other monopoly, however, it
overreached itself at last and raised prices
so high that it defeated its own ends and
failure was inevitable.
The report from Chicago giving an ac
count of tbe failure stated that the last
advance ordered by the trust raised the
price of nails to Western consumers so
high that an immense curtailment of the
demand resulted. In consequence of the
falling off in the demand the trust was
compelled to close up 90 per cent of its
mills and throw its workmen out of em
ployment in order to reduce the output
to tbe limit of the demand. The extent
of the falling off is shown by the fact that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
while the trust had arranged for an out
put of 00,000 ke;;s in August it was able tc
sell only 20,000 kegs, whereas in March,
before the advnnee was made, the output
reached 950,000 kegs and the demand con
tinued good.
In order to maintain the cinch which it
had upon nail consumers, and to prevent
members of the trust from breaking their
agreement, it is said the managers were
compelled to maintain a force of inspec
tors almost as large as the secret service
of the Government. To defray the cost of
this enormous inspection the trust im
posed a tax of $1 50 per keg on all the
nails sold by its members, and then re
bated the difference after the objects
■ought were accomplished.
It is not likely that this trust is much
worse than some others organized on
similar lines and pursuing similar objects.
It is clear, therefore, that in such organi
zations there is an inherent weakness
which sooner or later causes them to col
lapse and relieves the people from the
cinch. Unfortunately, however, the col
lapse does not come until great injury has
been inflicted upon the consuming public.
For that reason we cannot rely altogether
upon the weakness of trusts for our de
fense, and some form of governmental su
pervision is clearly necessary to limit the
injurious effects of such organizations.
TARIFF REVISION.
From the tenor of the discussion con
cerning the possibility of passing the
Dingley bill this winter it seems clear
that such an attempt would not succeed.
The advocates of the measure are few.
The great majority on both sides seem
opposed to any compromise, and it is
probable that nothing will be done to
forestall the action of the coming Congress.
Senator Chandler very clearly expressed
the sentiments of a large number of his
colleagues in saying: "I am opposed to
hurrying through any imperfect tariff
measure. Better take time and pass a
bill that will give general satisfaction."
This view of the case will probably be
adopted by the Republican majority in
Congress when the time comes to take
action on the issue. The need of more
revenue is fully recognized, but there
seems no reason for attempting to pass a
purely revenue bill on compromise lines
this winter, when an extra session of Con
gress could assemble in March and make
a complete and final revision in accord
ance with the principles of protection.
A compromise measure enacted this
winter would be only temporary. It
would change tariff regulations which
now exist and yet would offer nothing
permanent on which merchants could
base their arrangements for trade. An
other change would certainly take place
when the next Congress sets about the
task of establishing a comprehensive pro
tective measuie, and this would make two
changes in the tariff system within the
year. To that extent, therefore, the pas
sage of the bill this winter, even if it were
possible, would be unadvisable.
It is well understood that the country
needs protection to its industries as well
as a revenue for the National treasury.
A protective measure, therefor*, in the
near future is absolutely essential, and a
consideration of that fact seems to be
weakening the popular demand for the
Dingley bill and inclining public senti
ment more and more in favor of an extra
session in March.
WHERE PEOPLE LIVE TO BE OLD.
A German scientist and statistician lim been
looking over tne census report of Europe
and has learned a few things from the records.
He finds among other things that high civili
zation does not promote long life. The Ger
man empire, with a population of 55,000,000,
hss Dut 78 subjects who are more than
100 years old. France, with 40,000,000 people,
has 21ii porsons who have passed their one
hundredth birthday.
England pos»esses of centenarians, 146; Ire
land, 578; Scotland, 40; Denmark,?: Belgium,
5; Sweden, 10; Norway, with U. 000,000 In
habitants, 23.
Switzerland cannot boast a sin pie man who is
100 years old. but Spain, with 18,000,000 pop
ulation, has 410.
The most astonishing figures come from the
troublesome and turbulent Balkan peninsula.
Little Servia has 575 persons more than 100
years olU ; Iluumania, 1084; Bulgaria. 3889.
Bulgaria nas a centenarian to every 1000 in
habitants aud holds the international record.
In 1892 alone there died in Bulgaria 350 per
sons of more than 100 years.
In the Balkan peninsula, for instance, a man
Is not considered ou the verge of the grave
when he reaches a round century. This Is be
cause a year or so ago in Servia there were 126
persons between lOti and 115 years, 123 be
tween 115 and 125 years, 18 between 125 and
135,3 between 135 and 140. The (scientist
does not credit the story of tne Russian who
Is said to be 160 yea-s old and, in his opinion,
the oldest man in the world is Bruno Cotrim,
a negro, born in Africa and now a resident of
Rio Janeiro.
The statistician says the oldest woman ia
the world is aged 130, but does not tell where
she lives or wno she is. Perhaps he thought
her unworthy of special mention after the
surprising figures obtained from Servia in re
gard to age. ____^^___^_^^__
THE DINGLEY BILL.
A -t'KM ART OT THK PROVISIONS OF THIS FAMOUS
Document.
New York World.
Most readers have forgotten what the Ding
ley Dill provides. Now that there is a prospect
of its passage a summary of its provisions
seem desirable. It is a temporary revenue
bill. It would expire by Us own terms on
August 1. 1898. What revenue it would yield
it is difficult to say. Mr. Dingley expected
$40,00,000 increase from it; treasury experts
put the gain at a lower figure.
It t ik.'s wool cf all kinds off the free list
and puts upon it a duty six-tenths as great as
that of the McKinley tariff. To the present
duty on woolen goods it makes a like addition.
It does precisely the same for lumber In all
forms. It adds 15 per cent of the McKinley
rates to the present rates in schedules A to N.
including chemicals, earthenware, glass,
metals, manufactures of wood ana metals,
tobicco, agricultural products, wines, spirits,
cotton goods, flax, hemp and jute, silks, pulp,
papers, books and sundries.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Emperor William's crown weighs three
pounds, but he would not part with it if it
weighed a ton.
Two inmates of the Delaware County (Ind.)
poorhouse— a crippled man of 60 ana an apo
plectic woman oi 27— eloped on a recent Sun
day.
Two men of Madison, Ohio, have been going
to the polls together for sixty years. Now
they are each 81 years old witn but a month's
difference in their ages. On November 3 they
cast their fifteenth Presidential vote.
One of the lawyers before the Supreme
Court at Washington the other day was George
H. Williams, Grant's Attorney-General. He is
in good health for his years and has been
quietly practicing bis profession in Portland
Or.
A monument was recently unveiled in
llanau in memory of the two brothers Grimm,
the great German philologists, who in pursu
ance of part of their work collected among
the common people of Germany the fairy taies
known by their name.
Dr. Carl Peters, Imperial ex-Commissary for
German East Africa, has returned to London
and Is again busy on his "Rise of the British
Kmpire trom the Time of Queen Elizabeth," of
which a German magaziue, Die Zukuuft, will
■oou publish the preliminary chapter.
While King George of Greece was staying at
the Park Hotel, in Wiesbaden, a few days ago
he noticed a window-pane upon which his
father, the King 01 Denmark, had cut bis
name with a diamond. King George took off
his own diamond ring and engraved his name
below his father's. A few hours afterward the
Czar saw the window and immediately cut his
name. Then came the Kaiser, who added his
name to those oi the three royalties.
"THE CALL" AND THE MINERS.
From the San Francisco City Argus, November 21.
The Call has taken up with its accustomed vigor the matter of securing an in
crease in the Cabinet by appointment of a Secretary of Mines and Mining. The idea
is a most excellent one and ought to meet with the same favor at Washington which
it is finding here. The mining interests of the Pacific Coast owe a large debt of grati
tude to The Call for its earnest and powerful advocacy of this matter, as well as for
the constant and careful attention which has been accorded to the subject of mines
and mining in its columns during the past two years. The journalism which devotes
its daily energies to the encouragement of such industries instead of to the booming
of follies and fakes and fads deserves the largest measure of public support and re
spect. In this particular '-The Call has gone far toward attaining the eminence of an
ideal daily newspaper.
PERSONAL.
C. A. Rice of Honolulu is here.
S. E. Owens of 3m Jose is In town.
8. P. Jewett of Los Angeles is at the Palace.
Dr. R. S. Markell of Cloverdale is ia the
City.
S. £. Hyae of Tacoma is a guest at the Cos
mopolitan.
Edward I. Field of Denver is among the late
arrivals here.
W. T. Ellis Jr., the banker, of Marysville, Is
on a visit here.
J. M. McDonough, the hotel owner.of Healds
burg. is In the City.
William Nichols, a mine-owner of Dutch
Flat, is at the Grand.
Samuel A. Alexander, a merchant of Fresno,
is here for a brief stay.
John M. Geer of New York is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
F. D. Read of the United States steamer
Monadnock is at the Occidental.
M. DinkelspleL, the general store owner of
Suisun, Is here on a business trip.
Carl F. Aaam, a business man of Birming
ham, Pa., arrived here yesterday.
John Q. Black, an old settler of South Bend,
Wash., is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
George Harrison, a Seattle merchant, is in
town and registered at the Cosmopolitan.
George E. Metz of Brooklyn, N. V., a manu
facturer of rubber goods, is on a visit here.
R. P. Lathrop, the grain and commission
man of Holllster, is among those registered at
the Grand.
Bishop William Nichols of the Episcopal
church, who resides at San Mateo, is at the
Occidental.
T. I. Yam a and Y. Otika, Japanese mer
chants, are among tha latest airivals at the
Cosmopolitan.
H. M. Yerington, the railroad man, wood
dealer and capitalist interested in many enter
prises, is at the Palace.
Joseph D. Blddle, who owns a large area of
land near Han ford, and is extensively engaged
in grain-raising, is at the Grand.
S. H. Tucker, one of the leading and wealth
iest raisin-growers of Solano, Fresno County,
is among the arrivals at the Kuss.
William H. Sissons, accompanied by his
son. E. K. Sissons, came up from San Jose
yesterday and is at the Cosmopolitan.
J. W. Seaborg, a business man of Ilwaco, on
the coast of Washington, near the mouth [of
the Columbia River, is at the occidental.
Edward McGettigan of Vallejo, Supervisor of
Solano County and well known as a Govern
ment contractor and in State politics, is at the
Russ.
D. B. SetchiU of Nevada City, Sheriff of Ne
vada County and one of the pioneers of that
part ot the State, is one of the guests of the
Russ House.
Henry Stelling Br.. for many years a resident
of Davisvllle and a big grower and dealer in
wheat, oats and barley, is at the Russ. Mr.
Stelling buys and sells grain by hundreds of
tons.
C. M. Cotterman of Washington, D. C, a
prominent officer in the United States railway
mail service, who has lately been at Ogden,
Utah, is at the Grand, accompanied by Mrs.
Cotterman.
W. P. McAvoy, Sheriff of San Mateo County,
was in the City yesterday. He reports the con
ditions of the county to be most favorable to
advancement, and thinks that quite a lot oi
boulevard building will b« done the next two
years.
A prominent party consisting of A. L. uar
ber, Mrs. Barber, S. D. S. Barber and the
Misses Barber of New York and Mrs. Wood
ward of Chicago are at the Palace. Mr. Bar
ber, it is stated, was one of the prominent
men in the Diamond Match Company.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 23.— At the New
York hotels: Windsor, W 08. Macdonough;
Vendome, W. Hammatt; Grand, Dr. and Mrs.
Cheviss; St. Cloud, N. A. Doren; Union Square,
Mr. and Mrs. V. Engineer; Metropole, L. A.
Herrey; Holland, Mrs. H. Martin; Grand
Union, R. I. Nicholas; Albert, M. J. Perrine;
Murray Hill. J. T. Roder; Imperial. A- C.
Rulefson; Windsor, Mrs. Frieda Eiben and
Miss Ktta R. and Herman Eiben.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.— Among re
cent arrivals are: William Birch, D.D., San
Francisco, Williards Hotel; C. H. Sansome,
Los Angeles, The Shorebam; L. Beach, Oak
land, Riggs House.
LADY'S WAIST WITH JACKET
FRONT.
The jacket front is the most popular shape
for waists. The one shown here opens over
a blouse front. The sleeves are wrinkled over
a fitted lining, with a small puff at the top.
The back is seamless, gathered Into the belt.
The skirt oi this smart costume Is cut with
nine gores, four of which supply the fullness
at the back, and are gathered into the belt,
then at tbe side fitting closely at the top and
flaring well at the foot. _ / ,
As illustrated the costume was of black vel
vet with a chiffon blouse oi pale blue.
Another gown after this model was of plum
colored cloth with the blouse of pale blue chif
fon, embroidered in violets.
A POSTAL CARD ELECTION-
A comparison of tbe postal card election
which the Chicago Recoid undertook with the
results of the election in that city and the ad
joining town of Cicero is interasting. The
postal card election predicted that in those
two places Mr. McKinley would receive 57.95
per cent of the total vote cast, and that 40.15
would go to Mr. Bryan. Mr. McKinley really
received 57.91 of the entire vote, and 40.86
went to Mr. Bryan. It was a uovel canvass
that was carried out by the postal card, but it
was conducted with wonderful accuracy.
WHERE 'S MOTHER?
Bursting In from school or play.
Tuis Is what the children say;
Trooping, crowding, tv. ■; ana small,
On tn» threshold, In tbe hall—
Joining lv the constant cry,
£veras the days go by,
"Where s mother?"
From the weary bed of pain
This same question comes again:
> rom tbe ouy wlib sparkling eyes,
Bearing home his earliest prize;
From the bronzod and bearded son,
i'lr.lspaii aid honors won:
•' Where's mother?"
Burdened with a.lonely task,
One day we mar vainly ask
For the comfort of her face,
For ihe rest of her embrace;
Let us love her whiie we may,
Weil fur us lhat we can say,
"Wh«re's mother 1 ?'
Mother with untiring hands
At the post of duly atauds,
Patient, seeding not her o-vn.
Anxious tor the good alone
Of the ihildreu as they try,
Ever as the days go by,
"Where's mother?"
Good Housekeeping.
Letters From the People.
TO POPULISTS.
Views of the JUitsouri World on the Duty
of J'opulint*.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: In confirma
tion of the statements made in Thk Call of
this morning on "The End of Fusion," it will
be of interest to all your readers, Republicans,
Democrats and Populists alike, to know the
position taken by the Missouri World, since,
in a large sense, it is perhaps the most truly
representative Populist newspaper in the
Union, having a larger circulation in the
several States than any other newspaper of ita
clsss, owing to the fact that it is a very able
paper, of unusual size, and is publishsd at the
extremely low price of 50 cents a year, and
contains more newu.wiin brief letters from the
people, than any other publication of its kind.
In the issue of November 11 the leading edi
torial was addressed "To Populists." The
spirit of this editorial is quite as notable as its
purport. These are the opening words: "We
ao not call in question the acts of any earnest
Populist in the recent campaign. Whether he
voted the Populist ticket, the Democratic
ticket, the Republican ticket or some other
ticket, or took.no part and did not vote at all,
the honest reformer should not be questioned
by reason of his action on November 3," add
ing that "the action of our National Conven.
tlon at St. Louis was looked upon in different
ways by Populists." Then follows a brief re
view of the political situation at that time.
We are reminded that "the time between the
adjournment of the Democratic convention
aud the assembling of ours was short; excite
ment over the change ot front by the Democrat
ic party was running high; Bryan, the Demo
cratic nominee, was pretty well known as be
ing an advocate of some of the Populist prin
ciples and uot known to oppose any of them.
There was no time for calm and deliberate ac
tion either by the masses o: the Populists or
the delegates. Under these circumstances the
Populist convention nominated Bryan."
Reference is made to "the bulldozing tactics
of Chairman Allen and other unfair means
used in securing the indorsement of the Dem
-1 ocratic nominee," and then we are told that
"as a delegate to the convention the editor of
tne Missouri World voted foi a straight nomi
nation, ana at no time since has be thought
he was wrong in doing so. He had had many
years of experience in the third-party move
ment; had seen the Missouri Democrats check
the advnnee of reform by adopting the plat
i form of the Greenbackers In 1878, and had
> seen them afterward as a unit for Urover
Cleveland after he had proven himself worse
than John Sherman. This Missouri Democratic
policy was being played in our Populist Na
tional Convention, as it appeared to him.
"But, under all the circumstances, the Mis
souri World finally thought it best to support
the nominees of the Populist convention —
Bryan and Watson. A large majority oi the
Populists came to the same conclusion. A
large number, however, demanded a new head
to the ticket, and, failing to get it, they either
wintered their votes or voted some other
ticket. Whatever action Populists took on
November 3 they are certainly wedded to the
People's party, and are willing to march for
ward now that the policy of our National con
vention has seen its course. Those who fa
vored Bryan's indorsement and making the
campaign on one issue did so with the under
standing that the light would be reopened for
the Populist party and its full platform imme
diately after the election."
So far as I know, and I was also a delegate to
the fct. Louis convention, this Is a perfectly
fair and truthful statement by the Missouri
World, and I Delieve that all who have a right
to be known as Populist* so understand it.
But let us hear the conclusion arrived at by
this fair-dealing Populist journal as to the
present attitude of our party toward the move
ment for which it stands:
"Now, with charily for each other and a
sharp eye on the place-hunters, let us unitedly
and vigorously push the grand work of edu
cating the people— not in bimetallism, for the
double specie basis is only a lesser fraud than
the single gold busts, out in the true science
of money; money the creation of law; paper
money, tue mouey of progress and intelligence.
Let us show what a great blessing Government
railroads would be, and how they would cut
the claws of plutocracy. Let light shine upon
the land question. Land monopoly is already
Casting its blight in several partsof tne Union,
and only waits for the time when large bodies
of land will be more profitable than mortgages
to make land monopoly the greatest curie of
the Nation."
Then lollows this stinging sentence: "The
campaign just closed proves that the people
cannot be united under Democratic leader
ship." Probably nine-tenths of the Populists
absolutely agree with that declaration, and
will give an affirmative answer to the question
put by the Missouri World: "Are you ready
to lake uptne tight where it was left off last
year?" Joseph Akbury Johnson.
San Francisco, Nov. 3, 1896.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Mamma— Mrs. Brown says her little boy loots
very much like ours.
Papa— Then ours must be better-looking.—
Puck.
She— Dear, I want you to get me one of those
lovely picture hats.
He— l don't think I can afford it Suppose I
get you a print gown ?— Cincinnati Enquirer.
He— Oh, lam the flower of the family be
yond doubt.
She— l wonder if that was what papa meant
when he spoke of you as that blooming idiot T
— Indianapolis Journal.
Dr. Blunt— We must wake her, because I
want to ask her if she has obeyed my orders.
The Patient's Husband— Er— ah— doctor, it
might be as well to— ah— put that question ia
a somewhat different form— Puck.
Nnrsegirl— l loit track of the child, mum
and—
"Good gracious I Why didn't you speak to a
policeman ?
Nursegirl— I wus speaking to wan all the
tolme, mum.— Pearson's Weekly.
"Maw," said Johnny, after he had surveyed
his bald-headed uncle for several moments
"Uncle George has had his forehead raised so
people will think he's smart." Then the
urchin meditated a minute and exclaimed
"By jingo, he'll get tired of that, though for
he'll have more face to wash."— Adams (Muss 1
Freeman. *'
"And you broke ofl the engagement," u&\&
one young man.
"Yee-not brutally, you know. But I man
aged it' ;
"How?"
«'Told her what my salary Ib. "-Washington
Star.
Diek — And how did you proceed ?
Fred— Why, I just went up to her and aiked
her if she would marry me.
Dick— Without first telling her how much
you loved her and all that sort o' thing ?
Fred— Of course; I did not want to prejudice
her judgment.
Dick— My dear boy, don't you know when
folks lall in love they don't have any judg
ment?— Boston Transcript.
FINDING A NEW
MERIDIAN HERE
The United States Geodetic
Survey Relocating
Itself.
The Observatory on Lafayette
Park Being Moved to
the Presidio.
Professor Davidson Must Find An
other Building as the 0:d One
Will Be Demolished.
There will soon be a new meridian for
the Pacific Coast and from it all lines of
longitude will be measured and all scien
tific wore of the United States Coast and
Geodetic Survey will have its base. This
much is a certainty from the fact that the
Geodetic Survey Observatory in Lafayette
Park at Laguna and Washington streets
is being moved to the Presidio reserva
tion.
The change has a double significance,
so it is claimed by those who know all
about the matter. So far Professor George
Davidson has entree to the station on tbe
Lafayette Park hill, where he has an
astronomical telescope and other instru
ments in a house of his own within the
Government fence. Now, however, he
may have to find another spot for his
observatory, as the geodetic people are
about to abolish the station. The propo
sition is to raze the Government buildings
and fence' and give back the site to the
City. This will be aone immediately the
new observatory at the Presidio has suf
ficient data to define its exact position.
Ana then Professor Davidson will be left
alone in his little observatory in Lafayette
Park at the mercy of the Supervisors.
The station at the Presidio is finished
and has just been fitted up with necessary
instruments and accommodations for the
observers who have commenced their
scientific work there. The old and new
stations are connected by a telegraph wire,
which unites two transits and break cir
cuit chronometers used in the present
observations to determine the difference
in longitude between the stations. Two
officers are assigned to this work, with
transmitting signals and observing tran
sits.
Just as soon as the longitude of the new
station is determined the old one will be
abandoned, but then the precaution will
be taken to mark its exact site with a stone
monument so it can be used as a scientific
record at any other time. And should the
City hereafter lower the grade then the
monument will be lowered under the di
rection of the proper authorities to the
new surface.
The observatory in Lafayette Park was
established in 1879, and has since been
used as the primary station for telegraphic
longitude and latitude and specific gravity
observation?. From it all other stations
on the Pacific Coast and in tbe Pacific
Ocean have been connected. It had its
bearings directly from Greenwich Observ
atory although in a rather circuitous man
ner. The former observatory on Wash
ington square, established by Professor
Davidson 'in 1867, was connected by tele
graph with Greenwich through the ob-
Bervatory at Harvard University. When
the change was made from Washington
square to the more satisfactory one on La
fayette Park hill a series of observations
were made similar to those now being con
ducted between the latter and the Presidio
station. la this way the Presidio Observ
atory can claim connection with Green
wich.
Tbe instruments in the old station will
soon be moved to the new one. They com
prise a transit instrument for obtaining
time for longitude work, a telescope for
latitude observations, a large sidereal
clock and chronometers for longitade
work, with a break circuit for the chro
nometers. In addition to these Professor
Davidson has his own instruments, in
cluding a large telescope and an observa
tory building, all of which have been at
the service of the Government free af
charge since 1880.
There exists some difference of opinion
regarding the advisability of the change.
Those who have had experience with the
fogs of San Francisco and other climatic
peculiarities of the City claim that it will
not be possible to do the same wort at the
Presidio as on the hill. Professor David
son was asked for his opinion. lie said :
"They cannot make good observations
there. Tbe station is near the end of the
Union-street Railway, in a place where
fog obscures the view. During fifteen
months in 1891 and 1892, while I made
continuous observations on the hill, I
used to see the fog over the Presidio four
or five nights at a time in succession, and
hear the fog siren blowing steadily. In
such a fog it would be impossible to get
an observation. Also, the mixture of hot
and cold air down there beside tha water
will disturb observations."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Standing Wide Jvmp— P. M., Sacramento,
Cal. The record for standing wide jump is:
With weights. 14 f<»et 9 inches, J. Darby Eng
land, September 19. 1890, and 14 feet 5 inches
W. C. Hamilton at Romeo, United States, Octo
ber 3, ISTit. Both professionals.
Betting on Election— Subscriber, City. As
betting on election is illegal, there is no legal
way by which a stake-holder can be made to
pay the money he has in his hands to either
party. In the case mentioned he ought to de
clare it a draw and return each party the
money he put up.
The National Guard— w. E. J., city. No
person can be a member of a company of the
National Guard before he has been sworn in
but sometimes a capUln will allow a non'
mumber to go in the ranks to become perfect
in the drill or may allow him on parade to fill
a vacancy, but that does not make him a mem
ber of the company.
A Board Bill— P. M., Sacramento, Cal. Sec
tion 537 of the Penal Code of California st,ys:
Any pewon who obtains food or accommoda
tion at an inn or board ins-house without uavin*
therefor, with intent to defraud the prounetor
or manager thereof; or who obtaiua credit at an
inn or boarding-house, absconds and surremi
tlousy removes his bag.aye therefrom without
paying for his food or accommodation, is eulltv of
a misdemeanor. e>"n.j «i
As this is a crime the person affected could
make application for the arrest oi the guilty
one, and if he has not gone out of the State he
could be brougnt back for trial, but it would
be at the expense of the party making the
complaint.
A Battery-P. C, Oakland, Cal. The follow
ing are the directions laid down for making
an electric battery: Use either a jar or large
earthen crock for a large, or a tumbler for a
small battery. The bf.ttery consists of a silver
plate, or sometimes a lend plate, which is
coated with a fine powdery deposit of plati
num, which gives the surface a rou*h char
acter so that hydrogen will not adhere to it,
suspended between two plates of Einc. The
two zincs are connected with each other, form
ing one pole and the silver or lead forms the
other pole. Care must be taken to prevent the
zincs lrom touching each other or the middle
plate. The solution used in this battery it
composed of one part sulphuric no id to twenty
of water. This battery is useful where a
strong current is required. The lines should
frequently bo rubbed with mercury to prevent
wasting.
The Mexican War— Constant Reader, Oak
land, Cal. The Mexican War grew out of
the acquisition of Texas by the United
Btates. Texas claimed the Rio Grande
aa her southwestern frontier aud Mexico
insisted on the Nueces River. The United
States supported the position taken by Texas,
and in consequence. of this diplomatic inter
course was broken off between the United-—.
States and Mexico in"1843 and General 'lay- '^*!
lor of, the United States army was ordered Into ]
the disputed ' territory. >In v - obedience to /
further - orders he advanced to the Rio
Grande in the spring of 1840. On April 26
of that year the first blood was shed in
an off my which resulted- in the capture of
United States troops ou tho eastern
side of the Rio Grande. President Polk an
nounced to Consiress that Mexico "had invaded
the territory of the United States and shed
the blood of Tom fellow-citizens on our own
soil." • On the 11th of May Congress declared
that "by the act of Mexico a state of war ex
isted." and authorized the President to call for
50,000 volunteers and voted $10,000,000 for
expenses. In the peace negotiations that fol
lowed the war CaUiornia was ceded to the
United States, as was also Utah, Arizona and
New Mexico,- in consideration of the- United
States paying $15,000,000 ana assuming $3,.
000,000 of unsettled cairns against Mexico,
which was paid by the United States Govern
ment in 185 1.
The Thine .Scared Ofl" by a Doll
A little rubber doll with a whistle ia its
stomach was all that saved the residence
of Frank Steubling, who lives at 1313
Quincy street, from being ransacked by
thieves at an early hour this morning.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Steubling came
to town and bought the little indiarubber
hero and took it home for her three-year
old child. The little girl played with the
article all day long, and last night when
she retired the doli was left lying upon
the floor.
At about 2 o'clock this morning M r ».
Steubling's son, Jacob, who was sleeping
in the room where the aoll was lying, wa-j
abruptly awakened by a loud whistle. He
jumped up and saw a negro glide hastily
out of the room. He had awakened Mf.
Steubling by stepping upon the whistle in
the doll's stomach. The thief was followed
to the back yard and then chased over thy
commons for several squares, but finally
outwitted his pursuers. Had Mr. Steub
ling not been awakened the thief would
have carried away all the valuables in the
house. He had already packed a basket
with table silverware and had it near the
door. — Louisville Evening Post.
Caxdt Canes and Baskets. To-wnsend's. •
» — <■ — »
Special Information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Pr&»«
Clipping Jburenu (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
»—» — ♦ — •
Husband's Calcined Magnesia — Four first"
premium medals awarded; more agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other magne
sia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. *
A iady, when showing a gentleman over her
grounds the other day, was asked by him:
"Does not this plant belong to the begonia
family?"
"The begonia family!" answered his hostess,
bridling up. "Certainly not, sir; it is ours,
and always has been."— Tit Bits.
Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic an<l Pacific Railroad, Santa Fe
route, will continue to run daily through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through rates to all
points in tbe United States, Canada, Mexico or
Europe. Kxcursiuns through Boston leave every
week. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone main 1531
Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
Phillips* Kock Island Excursions
(
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande and Rock Island Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Hock Island Hallway, SO Mont-
I gomery street. £an Francisco.
Trirongh Car to St. Paul and Minneapolis
An elegantly upholstered tourist-car leaves Oak
land' every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock for all
I points in Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
I No change of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Come
and get our rates if you expect to mate a trip to
any Eastern point.'. T. K. Stateler, General Agent
- Northern Pacific By. Co., 638 Market street, 8. F.
.. —o—.0—.
Dr. SrKGKBT's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned South American appetizer and in vis; o
rator, cures dyspepsia, diarrhea, fever and ague.
•—♦—.
Singers and Artists Oexkrallt are users of
I "Brown's Bronchial Troches " for Hoarseness and
! Throat Troubles. They afford instant relief.
Remove the causes that make your hair lifeless
and gray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Pakkkb's Gingeb Tonic cures inward pains.
That time-honored preparation, Ayer's Cherry-
Pectoral, Is still the medicine most in demand for
colds and coughs. It always cures.
"Great sensation in that big department*
store."
"What was it?"
"An elephant fell out of the zoo department
through seven skylights and ruined the ice in
the basement skating-rink department."— Chi-
I cago Record.
1 ■ =
NEW TO-DAY.
Tea"
SAMPLE FREE
1 5c to 25c SAVED
On Each. Pound- You Buy
DIRECT AT OUR STORES
WE RUNIBO STORES, THAT'S WHY
—WE — •
BUY CHEAPER, SELL CHEAPER
YOU SAVE
Peddlers', O J_
■rr Profits
Middlemen's * IVUIW .
TEST THI^ STATEMENT
By Calling at any of our stores and
getting a
SAMPLE OF TEA FREE!
We Keep Every Kind of Ten That Groict,
niSDSOIIE PRESENTS GIVES.
Great American Importing: Tea Col
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
31510 MUslon st. aiB Third st.
14* Sixth st. 2008 Flllmore ft.
617 Kcarny st. 065 Market ft.
1410 Polk st. .-.;.; 3006 Slitceiv.h *t>
r*i Montgomery ovri. 10/ >f».onj *&%
833 Hayes st. 32SS .Mt «.>/.« .t.
■■'.:■' B* Market St. (Headquarter* 1 , ft. ft.
9983 Washington st. 616 E. Tm«tWk **.
tti San Pablo ive. 917 BrM*M^feMMt
13^5 Park it., Al«tH>
FINE FURS AND SEAL-
SKIN GARMENTS .
To order. . K«M.ioui'iiii« mi 1 repairing at prices far
below tho«e of kit? 0 tier iurrter on the Pacific
Coast. Ml. WOKK OUAH AN
AD. KOCOUR, P£rE* BLE
814 Kcnmy Street,
. Upstairs— Opposite Chronicle. ■
Formerly cutter with Kevlllon I'reres, Paris,
London and New York. ■ . -TUESDAY NOVJSiIBKK 24. 188«
*• AMUSEMENTS. !-V"'. :.;■ ;
BiUWn Thkateb.— "An American Citizen."
California Tjikateb.— La 1.010 Fuller. '
COLUMBIA Thkatkk — "Humanity."
2Jorosco's Opeba-Hoc&k— -Hearts of Oak."
Tjvoi.i ORM IlnrsK.— "Donna Juanita."
Oki'heum— High-Class Vaudeville.
. Alcazar Tiikatkr.— "End of the Centnry."
Tdk A itditobium— Ellis and Mason streets-
Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Annual Carnival, to-
morrow night.
Caluorxia —Entertainment by the
* Stanford University Thursday evening, Nov. 20.
Y. M. C. A. AnniToitiuM. corner Mason and Ellis
streets— .Piano itecltal and Concert, io-monow
night.
'iHK Chutes and Ekatixo Kixk.— at
Height street, one block east of the Park.
*-ctko Baths— Bnthine and performance*
Oakland Rack Tback.— Kftcs to-day.
AUCTION iALKS.
rv Cook * Co. —This day. November 24, Chlna-
*H)o, m 123 Kearnj- St., hi 2 o'clock.
By Madikax & (v>. -lh:s da*-, November 24,
Waeons, etc., at ll'i'J Mission sir.-eu
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
AVilHam H. AHord of Visalla is at the Cali
fornia.
G. M. Curtis, p Congressman from Clinton,
lowr, is at the J'iilace.
E. F. Cassell, a mining and business man of
Juneau, Alaska, is in the City.
Rev. J. Gumming Smith has received a call
to tbe Tabornacle. Indianapolis.
Crano A Co. have sued the Natural Ice Skat
ing Company for $2324 43, balance due.
sixth street, between Market and Folsom, Is
to be brilliantly lighted with electricity.
The Federation of Women has opened a
' home of refuge at 1057 Golden Gate avenue.
Six new casos of diphtheria were reported at
the Healtn Office during Sunday and yester
day.
Mayor Sutro says that his employes at Sutro
Heights saw the mysterious airship several
days ago.
At a late hour last night the supposed air
ship remained as complete a mystery as it has
been from the first.
Many persons in this City saw a bright light
overhead last night and attributed it to an
airship or flying-machine.
FrariK R. Whitoomb has sued Septimus de
Greayer for $1637 06, due on a judgment ob
tained November 21, 1891.
J. B. Steams of Oakland, Oregon, brought
. 40,000 dressed turkeys here yesterday for
• Thanksgiving consumption.
The trial of Thomas S. Williams Jr., charged
•with libeling Judge HebbarJ, is now going on
in Judge Dalngerfield's court.
• Prosecuting Attorney Charles H. Forbes of
Police Court 1 was summarily dismissed by
the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
The members of the Board of Health gave a
. banquet to Governor Budd and the presidents
of the various civic societies last evening.
The Geodetic Survey is moving IHobserva
•"vatory from i^aiafette Park to the Presidio,
end finding a new meridian for San Francisco.
Customs inspectors came upon three opium
smugglers last night on West Mission and
' Twelfth streets. One was captured and two
escaped.
Throe favorites won at Oakland yesterday.
The horses past the wire first were: * Palineri
•lon, Thelma, Ricardo, Principle and Babe
Murphy.
' . Policeman J. J. Crowley had an exciting ex
perience with a chicken-thief at 3627 Seven
teenth street Sunday night, which turned out
" , to be a coon.
A suit for the possession of ninety-four let
ters written by the late Senator Fair shows
, many peculiarities of his character. The let
ters are filed as exhibits.
The State executive committee of the Peo
ple's party has issued a manifesto in which it
declares against any further luslon, to the
membership of the State.
Mayor Davie of Oakland believes that an
airsbip is hoverinz over tbe bay counties, and
* *ays that he has for some years believed such
an invention is practicable.
' A special meeting of the Grand Jury will be
held to-niorrow. The Police Commissioners
and Chief of Police have been Invited to a
conference on dives and social evils.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare, in the case of
George F. Tuttle, charged with violating the
poolroom ordinance, raised a new point yes
tferday, which will be decided upon to-day.
Continued unsettled weather with rain Tue«
"day, with high southwesterly winds and gales
off shore, is the best the weather office can
predict for to-aay under present indications.
Behrend Joost has been confirmed by a de
• cislon of Judge Hebbard of the Superior Court
ifi the possession of certain land on Clara aye
. nue that was wanted by the Supervisors for the
purpose of extending Corbett avenue.
Curtis Cox, a boy 15 years of age who ran
. away from his home in Pueblo, Colo., on Ser>
. tfcmber 5, was yesterday held to answer before
the, Superior Court by Judge Joachimsen on a
charge of burglarly in the second degree.
At the quarterly banquet of the Unitarian
Club at the California last night Professor
Howison and James G. Maguire locked horns
over the results of the campaign. Colouel
Irish, Senator Perkins and others also spoke.
• * Unity Alliance No. 14. St. Patrick's Alliance
of America, last evening at Metropolitan
T*emple celebrated the anniversary of the
Manchester martyrs with music by volun
teers and an oration by Colonel John
O'Byrne.
Mrs. Susie B. Martin, *ho killed her hus
band on the 30th of last March and who was
• acquitted on the ground of insanity, was yes
terday declared to be of sound mind by s. jury
in Judge Wallace's court, and was discharged
from custody.
International Lodge No. 291, I. O. G. T., will
give a musical and literary entertainment at
Pioneer Hall this evening for the benefit of
.the Orphans' Home. Moors' Orchestra, Miss
Louise Humphrey Smith and J. W. McKenzy
will assist in the programme.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald says that the
question involved in the outstanding bonds
and coupons, known as the Indian war bonds,
as to the liability of the State, is extremely
close and doubtful. The case of Davis against
the State may soon be heard in the Supreme
Court. .
BY THE BOARD OF HEALTH.
Governor Rndd and Presidents of
Prominent Bodies Given a Banquet.
The members of the Board of Health
last night gave a banquet at the Maison
Kiche to the presidents of the Board of
Trade, Chamber of Commerce, Meichants'
Association, and prominent officials, in
cluding Governor James ri. Budd. The
president of the Board of Health set forth
that the banquet was given as an appreci
ation of the establishment of a fitting
health department in this City.
Around the walls of the banquet-room
were large framed sentiments nf the
Board of Health as uttered by resolutions
at regular meetings. One of these read :
The board will see to it that light— sunlight,
if possible— and pure air shall permeate the
habitation of every human being in San Fran
cisco, and that the dark, damp, foul places be
low and above ground which breed and em
phasize disease, moral as well as physical,
shall do so no longer.
The room was handsomely decorated
and the repa&t an elaborate one. There
were many speeches, a number of them
. being very happy, and all being in line
with the course of the Board of Health
and in encouragement of the efforts made
• to make San Francisco a clean, beautiful
and attractive city.
Among those present were the follow
ing: Governor Budd, Mayor-elect J. D.
Phelan, J. B. Reinstein, A. A. Watkins,
P. Dohrmann, Charles M. Bhortridpe,
Rabbi Jacob Voorpanger, the Rev. Peter C.
Yorke, Dr. Beverly Cole, Professor Carey
Jones, R. Herold, Isadore Jacobs, Garret
McEnerney, A. T. Lovelace, J. F. Morse,
1 G. J. Fitzsibbon, H. H. Hart, J. M. Wil
liamson, X Goachaux, Samuel Bissinger.
She Wai IS'ot Kidnaped.
Chin Gwok's tale of the alleged kidnaping of
.his 'daughter, Buey Ting Gwok, on Saturday
afternoou, lacked the element of truth. The
Police say -they have found that he has no in
terest whatever in the restaurant at 810 Jack
eon street, but is the keeper of a disreputable
nouse where the girl was an inmate. She was
wot his daughter and elooed with her lover,
t-r.ln Gwok sought the aid of the police to re
cover her by telling the story thai she was his
daughter and had been kidnaped.
Trunk* Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sntter sU
TeL maia 49. Furntture moved reasonably.'
ILLEGALLY HELD
IN BROADWAY JAIL
Judge Hunt' s Order for G.
Kentras' Release Not
Honored.
Jailer Dunn Claimed Lack of
Authority to Liberate
the Prisoner.
Friends of the Accused Are Angry
and Will Carry tbe Case to
the Courts.
G. Kentras, arrested a few weeks ago on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
was tiieri before Judge Hunt yesterday
afternoon. The case was closed and the
jury was locked up to deliberate on a ver
dict After an hour or so Judge Hunt was
informed that a verdict could not be
reached. Some were for conviction, some
for acquittal, while others believed the de
fendant guilty of simple assault.
This being the case the Judge dis
charged the jury, and on motion of de
fendant's counsel, J. N. E. Wilson, or
dered the bond, on which Kentras had
been enjoying his liberty while nis case
was pending, removed. This was done.
Deputy Clerk Harry Piper acknowledged
the court's order and affixed the seal.
B. M. Gopchevitch, editor of the Srbin
Amerikanic, a friend of the accused, took
the bond and order of release to tbe
Coontv Jail last evenine at 8 o'clock, but
was disappointed in his endeavor to se
cure his friend's liberty. Deputy Jailer
James Dunn, who was on duty at the
time the order was presented, refused to
release his prisoner.
"I have received orders not to release
any prisoner," s»id Mr. Dunn, "unless the
chief ja:ler or bookkeeper is present."
Expostulations were useless, and Ken
tras' friend was in despair. He was in
formed by the jailer that in case he called
on the Sheriff and he ordered the }>ris
oner's release the order would be obeyed,
but otherwise be would have to respect
his instructions.
Gopchevitch then called on Attorney
Wilson and explained the situation, ami
the latter addressed a note to Sheriff
Wheian requesting Kentras' immediate
release. Gopchevitch, the note in his pos
session, went in search of the Sheriff, out
failing to find him returned to the jail.
Dunn, however, was obdurate and Keniras
was forced to remain in jail twelve hours
longer tban tbe law demanded.
Now the question arises what will be
the outcome of the jailer* refusal to re
lease the prisoner when a legal order of
release is presented to him?
Is the Sheriff liable for false imprison
ment? Is the deputy jailer in contempt
of court, or the man wno issued ths order
commanding jailers to releas« no one un
less the chief jailer or the bookkeeper are
present?
Does the law allow a Sheriff to pass an
order of release issued by a court and obey
it at his pleasure.
The questions will in all probability be
answered before the culmination of the
present case, as the friends ot the impris
oned man intend to carry the matter to
the courts for settlement.
AN OPIUM SEIZURE.
Customs Inspectors Capture a Smuggler,
but Two Others Make Their
1 gcape.
There was an exciting scene on Twelfth
ana West Mission streets between 7 and 8
o'clock last night, in which several cus
toms inspectors and three opium smug
glers participated.
Inspector E. A. Holmes headed a party
of customs officers who were in search of
three smugglers. They came acro-s them
at Twelfth and West Mission streets while
they were apparently making for Brady
street.
As soon as they saw the customs officers
they made a break for liberty, dropping
the sacks and basket they carried.
One of them was seized by the officers
and held. Inspector Holmes fired two
shots at the other two to intimidate them,
but they were not to be intimidated and
made their escape.
The prisoner was taken to the Seven
teentli-street station, where a charge of
having smuggled opium in his possession
was entered ncainst him. He gave the
name of Sam Brown, but as he is a native
of Greece that is believed to be an assumed
name. He positively refused to say any
thing, and pretended not to understand
the English language.
The sacks and telescope-basket con
tained altogether about 200 pounds of
opium.
KICK AND FIGHT.
Indian Football Players May Journey
to the West— The Pugilists
The Olympic Clab directors met yester
day and discussed at length a proposition
submitted by Leader Taylor of having the
great Indian football team Journey (o this
City for the purpose of playing a series of
intercollegiato football games. The di
rectors thought very favorably of the
proposition and may possibly arrive at
some definite conclusion at their next
meeting.
The handball tournament is progressing
slowly, but much interest is centered in
the result of the fir.it-class contest.
Superintendent Kennedy is negotiating
with several Eastern pugilists, with the
view of matching George Green, the club's
favorite, against some good man. When
the name of Jack McAuliffe was men
tioned by some member Kennedy smiled
blandly and jocosely remarked that Jack
carries too much weight.
D^n Lynch, iho manager and confiden
tial adviser of Tom Sharkey, when spoken
to last evening concerning the referee who
is to decide the coming contest between
Fitzsimmons and Sharkey, said that he
had not the remotest idea who the man
would be, but that he will have some idea
in a week or so. *
"I am ready to confer with Mr. Julian,"
said Lynch, "at any time that he is pre
pared to talk business in that particular."
In case tlie pugilists cannot decide upon
a referee the club will select some man
from among the sports of this town. Both
fighters are feeling first class, and will be
in good condition to enter tho ring ou the
evening of December 2,
The managers of the Golden West Club
expect a lame crowd to witness the Ryan
and Tracey fight, and Harry Lask, the
club's director-general, will be very much
disappointed if the house is not packed.
It is said that the pugilists are now in
first-class shape and will make a hot fight
from start to finish. They have been in
structed not to talk while they are en
gaged in actual warfare.
BROUGHT 40,000 TURKEYS.
Thanksgiving Birds Arrive Here From
Oakland in the Willamette Valley.
George J. Steams, one of the pioneer
business men of the town of Oakland, Or.,
arrived here yesterday with 40,000 dressed
turKeys, which came by express. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
turkeys are for Thanksgiving consump
tl t O ?C i i ey wer < ! aIJ raised in tue vicinity
of Oakland, which is a s-reat center for
turkeys. Last year Mr. Steams brought
several carloads of turkeys here
It was in the craws of some of Ihose"
turkeys that some coarse gold was found,
the gold having been picked up by the
fowls as the walked over trie placer grounds
which are located about Oakland.
MANCHESTER MARTYRS.
T heir Anniverimry Fittingly Celebrated
by St. Patrick's Alliance in Metro-
politan Hall.
In commemoration of the anniversary
of the Manchester martyrs— Allen, Lar
kin and O'Brien— Unity Alliance No. 14,
St. Patrick's Alliance of America, held
appropriate musical and literary exercises
last night in Metropolitan Hall.
The Alliance is purely a fraternal
and benevolent organization. It has
been eataDlißhed for thirty year*
and is strictly non-sectarian " and
non-political. Robert Emmett(rrotestant)
were he alive to-day could join it, as well
as Daniel O'Conneli (Catholic). Member
ship is open to all Irishmen and thetr
descendants of sound physical condition
between the ages oflßand4s. Its branches
exist in all the States and Territories of
the Union. It is not oathbound and its
laws require ail members to live up strictly
to the constitution of the United States.
The programme of last night had been
very well arranged and the numbers were
so well sung and played that every one
was persistently encored.
The instrumental selections consisted of
a mertley ol Imn airs on the grand organ
by Miss Marie Giorgiani; a cornet solo,
"Killarney." and Fa ure's "Les Rameaux,"
by M. Grennan; a harp solo, "The Harp
that Once Through Tara's Halls," and a
medley of Irish airs on the piano, by Mrs.
S. J. Tully.
The vocal numbers were "Tbe Last Rose
of Summer " and "Tue Low Backed Car."
by Miss Kitty Black; "The Heart Bowed
Down," by William T. O'Brien; "The
Meeting of the Waters," by Lottie Craw
ford; tenor solo, "The Shamrock," and
"Silent. O Movie, Be the Roar of thy
Waters"; "Kathleen Muvourneen," by
Miss Anita L. Roney and a trio; "Come
Back to Erin," by Miss Kitty Black and
Messrs. D. Manlloyd and G. W. Woods.
The oration by Colonel John O'Byrne,
the hero of 1848, was as flowery as Moore's
description of the Vale of Cashmere and
alive with patriotism.
Colonel O'Byrne j;ave a graphic review
of Ireland's history under British domi
nation, an<J in support of his assertions
quoted liberally from well-known Eng
lish historians. The cruelties of Strong
bow and Cromwell, the devastation and
depopulation of the fairest island in tho
Northern Hemisphere by its English con
querors, as well as the unconquerable
V-atriotihiu and heroism of Ireland's gai
laut sons and duugh:ers, were depicted by
the speaker in a most telling manner.
From these bloody events down to those
of 1793, 1348 and 18U7 the speaker led bia
fasc<nated hearers, and when he had done
they were loth to leave the hall.
NEW TO-DAY.
Baker's catarrh cure — no,
not cure ; catarrh reliever. A
! catarrh cure has not been found
I yet.
Atomizer and preparation,
I $1.50. The same thing (with |
■ a fancier name), sells for $5
around town.
Immediate relief and as much
cure a sanythirig else will give,
$1.50. __
Catalogue, drugs and drug-
store sundries, free.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
H2S Market Street. '
NEW TO-I.AT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs.Lk.\ Kkelinu, Proprietor <ft Uaaagac
TO-NIGHT
THE MERRY COMIC OPERA,
"DONNA JUANITA!"
PRESENTED WITH
The Best All Round Comic Opera Com- j
pany in This Country.
Mandolin and ' Guitar Octet.
HEAR
"THE CHILDREN'S CHORUS "
Next Week — -"THE LITTLE DUKE 1"
Popular Prices.. 25c »ni sOr>.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...6oIe Lessee and Manager
THE STRONGEST PLAY OF THE WEEK.
"HEARTS OF OAK!"
A Domestic Drama, Fall of Pathos and
Comedy, by JAMEa A. JH KRNK. >
A Splendid Can I Realistic Wreck Scene 1
Grand Stage Pictures!
Special Thanksgiving-Day Matinee!
Ermine Prices— 100, 25« nil r,li,
; O'Farrell St.. bet. Stockton and i'owel'
Belasco. JorJan & i.a Faille, Lessees <& Managers
THE BEST PLAY IN YB/lltS!
The Modern Society Drama.
"THE END OF THE CKNTUKYJ"
' ' Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day
Klltut— lac 26c, 35c. 60c. Matinee— 15e. 23c, 35e.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
RAH! RAH! ii.lil! STAFFORD!
. THANKSGIVING NIGHT,
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26TH.
GRAND KNTKKTAINMKXT BY '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
A perfect whirlwind, of novelties. An original
burlesque, serpentine dances, grand . ballet, orig-
inal clog dances, novel specialties, lie Glee Club,
the Mandolin Club. Seas on sale at the box office.
>.;* '.-;•*: -<... !45c, sOc, 7 sc, m.OO.
AUDITORIUM, ~
Y. M. C. A. Building, Corner Mason and Ellis sts.
First SHAW Piano Recital and Concert
WEDNESDAY, NUVEHBKR 35.
■ The following well-known artists will appear:
Mr. Donald de V. Graham, Miss' Ada K. \Y>ig<>i,
Mr. Adelstetu, Mr. yonder Mehden. Miss Evelyn
ilenipy anil the Knickerbocker Quurtnt. ■ ' ■
Tickets may be secured at warerooim of Q. O.
Heine & Co., 136 Kills st., or the box-office of the
Auditorium. . ... .--
SUTRO BATHS. I
■ Open Daily from 7 A. ML to 11 V. M.
Concert Kvery Afternoon and Kvetiing.
Admission— Adult* 100, Children 50. .
Bchool children admitted free Saturdays. 7 a. M.
to 6 p.m.
CHUTES.
Thanksgiving BALLOON ASCENSION
Night-Orand Thanksgiving Day %•
Fireworks • ; ■ -__ by — •
Display! : . MAKKKKKRO .
k bleating lunk Opea Every Aiteroooa ami Evening
THE RESULTS OF
THE CAMPAIGN
Prof. Howison and J. G.
Maguire Tilt at the
Unitarian Dinner.
They Agree That the Contest Is
Probably by No Means
Ended.
Colonel Irish, Senator Perkins and
Others Talk— A Banquet Attended
by Many People.
Over 100 members of the Unitarian Club
attended the regular quarterly dinner of
the club given last night at the California
Hotel. Warren Olney, the president of
the cluD, occupied the seat at the head of
the board. Hon. John P. Irish and Con
gressman James G. Maguire sat at his
immediate right and Professor G. W.
Howison at his left. The president an
nounced that at the last dinner tbe cam
paign was discussed, and it now seemed
fitting to discuss the reaults of the cam
paign. He therefore called on Professor
Howison of the State University, a prom
inent gold man, to open the discussion.
The profe>sor was not long in coming to
points of issue. He told of the earnest
work that had been done in the campaign
and added that the right had triumphed,
at least he so believed.
"Tue truth is, :> said the professor, "that
j we have probably passed through the
i greatest crisis in the history of our coun
j try. But as a student of human affairs I
cannot share the opinion of the New York
I Nation that we have buried free silver out
;oi sight. I sincerely wish we have, but I
: am afraid not."
President Olney said that at the previ
ous dinner it had been found that titere
were seventy gold men and seven silver
men present. Among the silver advocates
; he spoke of Congres-man James G. Ma
guire as an honevt, able and conscientious
| gentleman, whom many men of opposite
i political faith supported. He called on
mm fora speech. Congressman Maguire
I made a happy introduction and then said : I
"The money question was not the great |
: issue of the enmpaign. I do agree with ]
Professor Howison that the campaign is
not over. Both the leading parties are
■ pledged to the free and unlimited coinage
of both gold and silver. The one which
j pronounced for gold received but the
merest fr«^ tion of the votes ofj the United
States. What is 'sound money?' Forty
seven cents of the silver dollar we now \
have is fiat. The proposition of the D-»moc- j
racy was to restore the value of silver."
Colonel John P. Irish, Senator Perkins, !
Dr. Stebbins and other speakers followed, j
Colonel Irish, who stumped the country
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
FIRST GREAT SOCIAL EVENT OF THE SEASON
{ # ' amateur :
Jffljl VAUDEVILLE PERFORMANCE
njfifji WELL-KNOWN SOCIETY PEOPLE,
- IBf O ~ NEARLY 100 YOUNG LADIES AND GENTLEMEN TAKING PART
WBmK THE PROCEEDS TO BE USED IX LIQUIDATING THE DEBT OF
JHL HOTEL DEL MAR.
<^ s " -e^ Among the many Amusing and Attractive Features Will
OLYMPIC CLUB'S MINSTREL" ORGANIZATION
OX 1
3 O=a-E3Sr i l l lLiE]^El^r== 3 3
Their First Appearance Outside the Clubhouse In This City.
ORIGINAL JOKES, COMIC SONGS AND GROTESQUE ANTICS AND DANCES!
ALSO THE CURTAIN-RAISER,
"MY UNCLE'S WILL!"
In which the Talented Socie'y Amateur, MR. RICHARD HOTALING, I will take the
• character of a Young Lady in the part of Miss Florence Marigold,
assisted by FRANK MATH lEU and others.
THE GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNI,
: UNDER THE LEADERSHIP OF THE
BA.FLO2STESS "VO2ST
WILL FURNISH VOCAL MUSIC AND CHORUSED
TV AT I— £ ■■ ■ V-^ -ftTt f*t L* ■ vLsr L* 1!j ■-■ T%ri»
i-VJLxrfc.. Vjt Hj vJ XV Vir Hj tLdr -ttrC ft* a J±j JXT f
The.Olympic Club's Young Champion Boxer, Will Give an Exhibition.
Under the Management of Prominent Patronesses and Members of the
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY.
TO TAKE PLACE AT
THE AUDITORIUM, COMER EDDY Ail JONES STREETS,
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING.
. Tickets One Dollar, can be procured from the Ladies and at the headquarters of the
Society :in the Maze Building; also at Sherman, Clay & Co. 's. x ;. ;
&F" The Box Sheet for Reserved Seats now open.
for the gold Democrats, was listened to
with unusual interest.
WHY DID NOT SHERIDAN EISE?
No Plausible Reasoi} for His licing
Kept Out of the Cabinet,
The case of Sheridan, as we now have it
before us, appears to give some additional
pungency to the question how it was that
he did not rise higher upon the ladder of
official preferment. I remember convers
ing forty or more years ago with Lord
Lansdowne (the Lord Henry Petty of All
the Talents) on the subject of the tradi
tional imputation on the Whigs that they
would allow no one to enter the Cabinet
unless qualified by some nobility of origin.
I observed that tbe name of Burke was
tbe mainstay of the imputation.
Lord Lansdowne replied tual Burke was
an impossible colleague in a Cabinet, by
reason of his fractious and ungovernable
temper. But there was no mention of toe
case of Sheridan, who presented, together
with Fox and Lord North, an example of
gentleness and equability never surpassed
in that best of all schools for temper, the
House of Commons. I urn at a loss to
conceive what, had tbe case of Sheridan
been put to him, would have been Lord
Lansdowne's answer. He was a most fair
minded and appreciative man. Why,
then was Sheridan, who stood so high in
all the great public qualities of a pohti- I
cian, always relegated to a secondary po
sition? Gambling ought not to have dis
qualified him more taan Fox. But, much
to his credit, he never gambled, and he
condemned the abominable practice.
Witu respect to wine, it may be said that
there was nothing in his habits down to
the latest of his opportunities of taking
office (in 1806) which could constitute so
much as a pretext for it. The cause could
not lie in his debts; his trespasses upon
others were trilling in comparison with
the liabilities of otlier foremost men. In
the early days the presence of a Burke
excluded might have been a bar to the
inclusion ol Sheridan in the Cabinet, but
Burke was dead and gone long before the
latest and best of these occasions.
He felt it acutely ; a worse man would
have felt it vengefully. It is no wonder
that, when accepting the office of treas- i
urer to the navy, he should have written
to Fox and said that he accepted it with
out the smallest sense of obligation to
anybody. It is possible tuat bis immer
sion in the affairs of the theater may have
been deemed an objection. But if this was
so, ought he not to have had an oppor
tunity given him of removing the impedi- ,
ment by finding, if he could find them,
means for releasing himself from that con
nection? There is no parallel case in our
political history, and happily, it may now
be assumed with confidence that there
never will be. — Nineteenth Century.
. One I'nit Garden.
Japan is one vast garden, and as you
look over the fields you can imagine that
they are covered with top farms where
children are playing with the laws of na
ture and raising samples of different kinds
of vegetables and grains. Everything is
on a diminutive scale and tbe work is as
tine and accurate as that applied to a cloi
sonne vase. What would an Illinois or an
lowa farmer think of planting his corn,
wheat, oats and barley in bunches and
then, when it is three or four inches nigh,
transplanting every spear of it in rows
about as far about as you can stretch your
fingers? A Japanese farmer weeds his
wheat fields just as a Connecticut" farmer
weeds his onion bed, and cultivates his po
tatoes and barley with as much care as a
Long Island farmer bestows upon his as
paragus or mushrooms or his Mowers.
TO SAVE HALF A
MILLION ON BONDS
Indian War Claims Being
Pressed in the Su
preme Court.
The Interest Is Heavy and
the State Is Largely
Concerned.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald Says
That the Sate May Escape
a Big Loss.
The case of Davis against the State of
California is liable to come soon to a
hearing in the Supreme Court. This is
one of what are known as the Indian war
bond cases, and therefore the Davis case
has a peculiar interest. Eight similar
cases have been instituted under the en
abling act of 1873. The Molineaux and
Bates cases were begun in the Superior
Court in Sacramento County in 1894.
These were the first of the series.
The Superior Court gave judgment in
full for the amounts asKed for. Attorney-
General Fitzgerald argued the Molineaux
case before the Supreme Court, and that
court disallowed the interest by which a
saving in two cases of $24,85140 was ef
fected, which was about three and one
half times the value of the bonds and cou
pons sued upon. Since these two cases
two others have been brousrht, one of
which, is tbe Davis case, for $32,260 face
value and for interest. The other is Scott
against the State for $1600 face valus and
for interest. Judgment was rendered in
conformity with the Molineaux decision
for the face value of the bonds and cou
pons in each case, but judgment for in
terest approximating $125,000 was denied.
The Dans case has been appealed to the
Supreme Court for the purpose of again
testine the question of interest. The face
value of bonds and coupons sued upon in
the cases of Reis, Baldwin, Mea i and
Davis against the State aggregates $80,
-342 17. The cases have been tried and sub
mitted to the court on briefs. The Davis
case has given evidence of being alive
during the past few days.
Concerning these ca«es Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgeral'i wrote recently in an official
publication: "The liability of the State
upon these outstanding bonds and coupons
of 1852 has not been determined. The
question is an extremely close and doubt
ful one. However, should judgment go
against'the State tbe Molineux case must
asain control and judgment can be given
for the face value of the bonds and
coupons only. This will result in another
saving to the State of interest approxi
btew to-dat:
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms Is yet tmrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
mating $265,000. It will thus be seen that
the ultimate result of the Molineux de
cision is to save the State about $415,000."
Thanksgiving Carnival
The Robin Hood Benevolent Association will
hold a carnival on Thanksgiving eve, Wednes
day, November 25, in the Mechanics' Pavilion,
and not on Thanksgiving Day, as has been
published. The building is being specially
decorated for the occasion, and when the
pleasure-seekers are there in full force, it will
present a most charming scene.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Bertha Jacobs vs. Samuel Jacobs; Carrie A.
Thompson vs. Anson B. Thompson; Laura E.
Price vs. Edward E. Price; George Besson vs.
Mary Besson: Susie Lacour vs. Alfred Laconr;
William J. Smith vs. Margaret Smith; Edna
Augusta Stone vs. Elmer Gran t Stone.
The common measure of road distance
in France is the kilometer, or 1000 meters,
a little over three-quarters of a mile.
grew to-pat:
It will pay you to try the
money-back tea.
Your grocer will sell you
a package of Schilling Best
tea, and return your money
in full if you don't like it.
A. Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 461 •
•KTHT TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Alllayman- &. Up. (Incorporated) Proprietor!
ISSTASTISEOUsISD—
IMMEDIATE SUCCESS!
MR. N. C. GOODWIN
IN HIS NEW COMEDY—
/.AN AMERICAN €ITiZEIV.-.
By Madeline Luceite Kyley, Aathorof
"Christopher Jr."
Received "With Genuine Enthusiasm
' From First Line to Last!
NOTE— Mr. Goodwin will present "An Ameri-
can Citizen" for only 4 nights more and 2 Matinees.
HOLIDAY MATINEE— THURSDAY,
THANKSGIVING DAY.
Saturday Night Only Time
"THK RIVALS."
Mr. Goodwin as P.ob Acres (first time in America).
MONDAY NEXT— MR. WILTON LACK AYE in
. -"DR. BELGRAFFi"-
CALIFORNIA THEATER
AlHayhas* Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
TO-NIGHT (Tuesday) and Wednesday Evenings
and Matinee Wednesday,
LAST TIMES ! LAST TIMES !
X-. j&. liOIEi
FXJI-iIjHIR,. .
In all her Wonderful Dances, with Light Effects,
which created such a furor in all the capi-
tals o( Kurope and America.
Management WM. A. BRADY.
| JO" Seats Selling for all remaining Performances.
BALDWIN THEATER— EXTRA.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, NOV. 29.
ZEISLER
GRAND POPULAR .
Orclacstrnl Concert I
FANNIE BLUOMFIELDZEISLiKK. the World's
Ureates- Planlste. Assisted by the \
. HINRTCHS-Br.EL ORCHKSTRA.
A Great Programme, including Rubinstein's D
Minor and Chopin's F Minor Concertos.
Beits $1 50, $1 and 60a Heady To-morrow, Wed.
TKiCDUtintR.OOTTLODft'G'- u»r.3A.ionAnAotm-"
HAS IT OCCURRED
EVER TO YOU
I JOSEPH GRISMEK
THAT and
PHOEBE DAVIES
With Their Excellent Company are Presenting
the Most Powerful Melodrama Ever
Produced in San Francisco.
iitj:m:-a.:i>ji'x ! ' y i
IN ITS LAST WEKK. ■' ; :■'-!■:
Many Realistic and Thrilling Scenes.
Slatinee on Thanksgiving Day.
Next Monclav— Grand Revival of
"THE NEW SOUTH."
O'Farrell Street, lie; ween Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, Nov. 23,
A JOYOUS THANKSGIVING BILL
Tho Bright Particular Stars,
GEOKIiE THATCHER & E O. MARBLE,
The Far-Fam -d Minstrels and Comedians.
EDWARD HEFFEKNAN. the Clever Irish Mon-
OlOgUlst. THE HE.NGLKK SISTEKS,
In New Hongs and Chic Dances.
And a Groat Vaudeville Convpanr.
Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day.
Keserved seats. i.'sc; .balcony, lUc; U>jerarcualri
and box-seats, 60c
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
.A.nxriexj-.^L.Xj
OAR.ISriVA.L
And Bal Masque.
Thanksgiving Eve, Wed., Nov. 25.
9450 Piano Door Prize.
SSOO in Prizes for Masquers.
Elaborate Prelude, 15 acts, at 8 o'clock.
24 Champagne Dancing Girls, Vln New ana
12 Persian Veil Dancing Girls, \ Original ;
8 Hungarian Dancing Girls, ) Costumes.
Little Grade in the Fascination Dance.
Carieton sis.ers. French .Novelty Dancers.
Harry Steele, Globe Trotter, Original SkatlnjAct
Mile. Anna bheau in Character Costume Dance.
i Pro! C. F. Graeber's Mandolin Troupe, 40 People.
. ■-■- J. A. Ordway, Trick Bicyclist,
And other Original Features." bee programme.
Imposing uran I - March With Calcium
KfCee.B at 9: 30.
I. ADMISSION ONE' DOLLAR.
RACING *i^|s RACISO '
1— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
• WINTER MEETING, 1896-*97.
Beginning Monday, November 16,
 OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday," 'Wednesday,
'.Thursday, .Friday and Saturday.'
..;...,, r. mil or thine. ' =
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at .2:15 P. M. , Sharp—
• Ferry.Boata leave Sun Francisco at 12 M. and
12:30, 1 .00. 1 :80 and 2: JO p. . it. connecting with
trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Berkeley.
Returning— Trains leave the Tracic at 4:15 and
I 4:15 i". m. and Immediately after the last roc*.
j THOMAS U. WILLIAMS Jit., President.
[ K. B. MILROY, secretary.
78
Rev. Bishop John P. Newman, D.D., LL.D.. and Mrs. Newman arrive in the City
this morning. The Bishop comes to us as the resident Bishop, and for a time will
reside at the Occidental Hotel. He is to preach the Thanksgiving sermon at the
Central Church Thursday morning at 10:30. It will be a union service for all ihe
Methodist churches. On Friday evening a reception will be tendered him at the
Howard-street Church. Captain Charles Goodall will preside. Dr. Dille will make
the address of welcome in behalf of the clergy, and H. J. McCoy in behalf of the
lait.v.
RECEIVES A CALL
TO INDIANAPOLIS
Rev. J. dimming Smith
May Leave Trinity-
Church.
He Has Been With His Present
Congregation for Nine
Y:ars
Presbyterian Pastors Trying to Ar
range lor a Series of R- v.val
Services.
Rev. J. Cumming Smith of Trinity
Presbyterian Church has received a call to
the Tabernacie of Indianapolis, which is
said to be the finest church in Indiana.
The reverend gentleman has not yet de
cided whether he will accept the call, but
it is generally understood that he will
prefer the wider sphere of usefulness
which it offers.
It is only a short time since Rev. J.
Cumming Smith returned from a three
Rev. J. Cumming Smith, Pastor of
Trinity Presbyterian Church.
months' tour in the East, and during his
absence he preached in Indianapolis. A
unanimous telegraphic call from the
Tabernacle reached him here on Satur
day. On Sunday he gathered his elders
together and laid the telegram before
them, stating that he had not yet decided
to accept it.
It is generally understood by members of
the Trinity Church flock that the pastor
will go to Indianapolis, and when ques
tioned on the subject yesterday Mr.
Smith did not deny that .there was a
strong probability of his deciding to go to
. the wider sphere of work. His loss would
be quite a blow to his congregation, as he
has been their pastor for nine years, and
during that time parochial affairs have
worked smoothly and harmoniously.
Eev. J. Gumming Smith is a native of
Toronto, Canada. He graduated at the
Toronto University and for a time held a
professorship there for science and the
dead languapes. Afterward Mr. Smith
came to vi*it his father, who was pastor
of St. John's Presbyterian Church in this
City. He was a licentiate at the time and
secured a call to officiate temporarily at
tne Howard-street Presbyterian Church.
Tha congregation was so pleased with hi s
ministrations that he received a perma
nent call and was ordained in order to
accept it. Three years ago the flock
moved to a new church on Capp street,
which was known as Trinity Presby-
I terian. If Mr. Smith accepts the
I call to Indianapolis he will leave directly
1 after the new year. The Tabernacle is the
; church whioh recently extended a call to
j Rev. Dr. Coyle of Oakland, but after tak
inz Bonie time to deliberate the doctor
declined it.
Rev. Dr. Mattiena read an interesting
paper on the Young People's Christian
Endeavor at the meeting of the Presbyte
rian Ministerial Association yesterday.
He spoke in the highest terms of the con
stitution of the society and of the great |
work whicn it is achieving. In discussing j
the paper Rev. E. H. Jenks said that an
important questi n was the consideration j
I of what the churches could do to get the j
greatest blessing from the convention of j
'97, ami added : "Would it be better to i
have union services or groupings of Chris- j
tian Endaavorers?" Rev. Dr. Miller sug- j
gested pentecostal meetings.
Dr. Mathcna introduced a resolution for
the appointment o.' a committee to confer
with the other evangelical denominations
to inaugurate a series of evangelical re-
Vival services in San Fiancisco on the
linea of those already being held in New j
York. The resolution was carried, and ]
Rev. Dr. Mathena and Rev. E. H. Jenks
were appointed acomroittee of two to con
fer with the pastors of other denomina
tions.
Professor Searby read a paper before the
Congregational .Monday Club on the
service of the sanctuary and its outward
; forms. He did not consider the present
I system of service to be as uplifting a 9 it
j ought to be. For one thing, too much
wa> made of the sermon. The professor j
I suggested more congregational singing
and more responsive readingas means for
making servicesjmore uplifting.
Tne following officers of the Congrega
tional Monday Club were elected yester
day: Rev. L. H. Halock, chairman; Rev.
I J. B. Orr (re-elected), treasurer and secre
tary; executive committee — Rev. W.
Rader, R-.v. G. B. Hatch and Rev. C. R.
Brown.
Rev. Frank K. Baker addressed the
Methodist Episcopal preachers' meeting
on "National Perils." A number of sub
jects for discontent among various classes
of people were alluded to. Drink, pov
erty, anarcny, the worship of mammon
and social evils all received their share of
attention, and The speaker gave a higher j
moral standard as the panacea for most of i
these perils. In the discussion the paper
received a large share of praise from most
of the speakers.
A meeting of the Congregational Church j
Extension Society was held yesterday at
which it was resolved to authorize Rev. j
William Tubb to continue the improve- I
ments at Bethany Congregational Churcn j
to the extent of $500.
Rev. G. Duncan, Rev. Dr. R. Bentley,
Rev. Dr. F. D. Bovard, Rev. Dr. Ketcham
and Rev. G. Hatch, representing the Bap- I
tists, Methodists, Presbyterians and Con
gregationali^ts, respectively, held a meet
ing yesterday afternoon to consider the
best means for stopping pool-selling at
the Emeryville track. No action was !
taken, as the meetmc was merely prelim- i
inary.
A concert will be given in Golden Gate I
j Hali on December IS to raise the debt on
I the French Reiormed Church.
There will be a Christmas fair and sale I
of worn by the King's Daughters of St. ■
John's Presbyterian Church on December
3 and 4.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie will lecture in
Olivet Presbyterian Church for the benefit
of the church on December 14. The sub
ject will be "Camping in Canaan."
HOME OF REFUGE OPEN.
Federation of Women Takes a Little
Arabian Girl as the First
Inmate.
The Federation of Women for Public
Good has just opened the Home of Refuge
at 1057 Golden Gate avenue for ihe tem
porary shelter of destitute women and
children.
The first inmate is a little Arabian girl
known by the name of "Jennie," and the
ladies have already decided that the five
year-old child is a mascot. Jennie was in
a deplorable condition when she was taken
into the home. Almost her only clothing
consisted of a thin cotton frock which was
torn and dirty, and ;he child was gener
ally in a very neglected condition. How
ever, a bath and a new suit of clothes ef
fected a great transformation, and Jennie
has been found to bB such a bright, intelli
gent child that it is the desire of the ex
ecutive board to briim her up in the shel
ter as a mascot. The child's parents
brought her about a year a«o from
Arabia. Soon after reaching this Cily she
was deserted by her mother, ana her
father, who is very ill, is quite unable to
do anything for the child.
At present there are beds in tfoe shelter
for six destitute women or children.
When the place is more fully furnished
there wiK be room for twelve. Mrs. Tru
worthy, the matron, is authorized to take
in women and children who are without
shelter, and though the ladies have not
supplies in hand for very far ahead, they
say that they intend to keep up an active
canvass for ways and means to carry on
the wore.
Municipal Printing Contract.
Robert A. Crothers, editor and proprietor of
the Bulletin, has instituted a suit to have set
aside the contract for municipal advertising,
recently awarded to the Daily Report by the
Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco. Mr. Crothers Includes the pro
prietors of the Report and the members of the
Board of Supervisors in the list ot defendants.
He alleges mat his was the lowest bid and'
that lie is entitled to the contract. A writ of
mandate has been asked for to show why the
contract should not be taken from the Keport
and given to the Bulletin. The hearing is to
be held Defore Judge Murphy on December 4.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
FORBES' HEAD IS
IN THE BASKET
Supervisors Decapitate One
of the Prosecuting
Attorneys.
Mr. King Would Not Assign
Any Reason for the Sud
den Removal.
Special S ssion to Be Held Wednes
day to Investigate a Telephone
Company Bond.
The official head of Charles H. Forbep, |
Prosecuting Attorney of Police Court 1, J
was dropped into the basket at the meet- j
ing of the Board of Supervisors yesterday
without any reason lor the decapitation
being publicly assigned.
The matter came up in the form of a
resolution from Supervisor King, sum
marily dismissing Forbes and filling the
position by the appointment of Thomas
Quigley.
Supervisor Hobbs rose to inquire what
it was all about, saying that he had been
away and knew nothing of the contem
plated removal.
"I don't care to explain," said Super
visor King, "the man next to you will tell
you all about it."
"The man next 1 ' to Mr. Hobbs was Su
pervisor Wagner, who is known to enjoy a
large measure of Mr. King's confidence,
and he leaned over and whispered in Mr.
Hobbs' ear. The Supervisor from the
Eleventh seemed satisfied and there was
no further opposition to the removal.
Mr. King would not tell why he had
caused the removal of a man for whose
appointment he was responsible, but it
was rumored that he had been in a fistic
encounter with Forbes or some of his
friends, over transactions that took place
during the recent campaign, and that he
had rather the worst of the argument. A
few scratches across his right cheek &id a
somewhat lacerated nose gave color to the
report.
Another rumor connected Forbes with
the recent investigation of Head Janitor
Murdock. Whichever surmise is correct
matters not, for Attorney Forbes is among
the "outs."
The bond of the People's Mutual Tele
phone Company to cover damages to pub
lic streets while erecting its poles and lay
ing its conduits was presented and laid
over until Wednesday morning, when a
special meeting will be held to hear the I
City and County Attorney's opinion on I
the document. In the meantime the |
sureties named, who qualify in the sum of '
$10,000 each, will be investigated.
By resolution the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company was instructed to
place telephones in the residences of Po- I
lice Captains Gillen and Spiilane and in i
each oi the new food inspection stations. I
The bond of the same company to cover I
damages to streets while laving under
ground conduits was approved in the sum
of $10,000, with Oliver Eldndge and Wil
liam F. Goad as sureties.
The communication of the Grand Jury
raising objections to the condition in
which the corridors and some of the offices
in tne hall are Kept, and recommending
the immediate dismissal of Head Janitor
Murdock and two of hi-* subordinates, was
referred to the Municipal Buildings Com
mittee.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Details of the Work Considered by
the Board Yesterday.
The following is a complete review of
the street work that came before the Board '
of Supervisors at yesterday's session.
BEBOLITTIOXS OBDERINQ STREET WORK.
Washington street, Gough to Laguna— stone
sidewalks, bitumen.
Lamina street. Sacramento to Clay— Basalt.
Baker and Chestnut streets— Water Inlets and
culverts.
Baker and North Point— Water inlets and cul
verts. ■. - ' .
Baker and Beach streets— Water Inlets and cul
verts.
Baker and Jefferson streets— Water inlets and
culverts.
China avenue and Mission street— Water inlets
and culverts.
Kddy street, Octavia to l.apnna— Bitumen.
Fourteenth and Noe streets— Stone sidewalks,
bitumen.
Fulton street. Stelner to Scott— sidewalks.
Folsom s:r»pt. Twenty-sixth 10 Precita avenue—
Pjank .sidewalks
X street, Ninth to Tenth avenues— Grade north
half, macadam, redwood curbs
Oak street, Baker to stanran — Granite curbs
stone sidewalks, bitumen. *
• Stanyan street, Fulton to Fell— Granite curbs,
stone sidewalks, bitumen.
Oak and Stanyan streets— Stone tldewalks, bitu
men.
c*hrader street, Halghtto Page— Plans sidewalks.
Sianyati street. Oak to . Halght— Granite curbs,
stone sidewalks, bitumen.
Kolsom street. Sixth to Third— Granite curbs
and cesspools ies*t, bitumen.
Folsom street. Third to steuart— Same.
RESOLUTIONS OF IUTKNTION-'tO OBDKR STREET
WORK.
Broderlckand Eddy crossing— Bitumen.
. Bush, Baker to 1. yon — Bitumen, granite curbs. -
<- utter. Devisadero to Brodericn— Bitumen, gran
ite curbs.
Thirteenth, Alpine to Bnena Vista avenue—
8-inch sewer, etc. ■■• ••
Thirteenth and Alpine— Sewer, etc.. stone side
walks, curbs.
Thirteenth, Devisadero to Alpine — 12-lnch
sewer, etc.
Thirteen and Devisadero— Sewer, etc. stone
sidewalks, curbs.
Thirteenth, Castro to Devigadero— l2-inch sewer,
etc. . .■•
Thirteenth to — Sewer, etc., stone side
walks, curbs.
Thirteenth, Buena Vista to Alpine— Cobbles,
plank sidewalks. • '*T'W'l)j-HftHr-|)'f|t|ftHß
Thirteenth and- Alpine — Granite crosswalks,
basalt.
• Thirteenth, • Alpine ,■ to ... Devisadero— Cobbles,
plank sidewalk, basalt gntterways.
■ Thirteenth . and Devisadero— Granite curbs, bi
tumen. .
. Thirteenth, Devisadero to Castro— Granite curbs,
basalt gutterwayr, plank sidewalks, cobbles.
Thirteenth and Castro— Granite curbs, bitumen
Golden Gate. J.aguna to Buchanan, south side—
Stone sidewalks.
Kddy, Devisadero to Broderlck— Stone sidewalks
on south side. .=•■•
!■ Capital avenue and Broad street— Graded, red
i wood curbs, macadamized.
NOTICES OP STREET WORK.
; Duncan, Noe to Sanchez— 14-inch sewer, etc.
' Frederick, Ashbury to Clayton — Stone side
walks, Utnmen on roadway.
: Seventh avenue, B to C— Graded.
Bryant, Twenty-sixth 10 Aimy— Graded, ' mac
adam, plank sidewalks, sewer, etc .. .
Frederick and- Buena Vista avenue— l2-lnch
sewer, etc.. stone sidewalks, curbs.
Frederick. Euena Vista to Masonic — 12- inch
sewer, etc
Sutler, Webster to Fillmore— Stone sidewalks. ,
Washington, Devisadero and Bn.derick— Stone
sidewalks. ' ..•■-••:. ... . - ■
Berry, Sixth to Seventh— Basalt.
' BIDS TO BK OPENED NOVEMBER 30.
. Folsom avenue from Folsom south— Bitumen
granite curbs. *
Nineteenth and Folsom, southeast corners-
Stone sidewalks.' " . '
'• Twentieth and Folsom, southwest corners-
Stone sidewalks. . .. . . -.■■..'
. Seventeenth, Howard yto Folsom, southerly
side-Stone sidewalk. :. -.
Cough and Union , northeast, northwest and
southeast corners—^tone sidewalks. V'Tr' "WlWiJli
. Jones and Union, southwest : and southeast cor
ners—s-tone sidewalks. .>-'
Hayes, Webster to Fiilmore, south side— Stone
sidewalks.
.McAllister, Fiilmore to Steiner— side
walks. , , :. -
— l,yon to Central avenue— Bitumen.
Sacramento. Locust 10 Spruce— Bitumen.;
Page, Buchanan to Webster— stone sidewalks.
BKCOKMEKDED FOR ACCEPTANCE.
. Grove, Buchanan to Webster— Bitumen. •-■
Julian avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Bitu
men. - ■-: - "■;- - • .-: :
: Pierce, Eddy to Kills— Bitumen.
~ .Douglass. Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Basalt.
. Devisadero, Broadway to Vallejo— Cobbies.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Fill more. Oak to Bitumen.
Fillmore. Broadway to Valiejo— Cobbles.
Fillmore. Vallejo to Green— Cobbles. ,
Kddy, Devisadero to Brodericlc— Basalt.
■ Gough, Washington to Clay— Bitumen. "
Gough, Clay to sacramento— Bitumen. ;
BECOMMESDED FOB CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Octavia, Geary to O'Farrell— Bitumen.
rn.i, 'ACCEPTANCE.
O'Farrell, Ootavia to Lacuna— Basalt.
Bay, Larkln to Polk— Bitumen.
Ivy avenue, uctavla to Laguna— Bitumen,
Bay and Larkin, crossing— Bitumen.
ACCEPTANCE.
Eighteenth and Noe. crossing— Bitumen,
Van .*. e-isami Union— Bitumen.
Capp, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Bitumen.
Capp, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Bitumen.
Twenty-third, Mission to \ alencla— Bitumen.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED BY bUPEB
\ • ' 1 K.N i.KNT OJT BTBEKTB. "'
Fillmore, Page to Oak— oo days on paving.
> 111 more, Vallejo to urt«u— days on paving.
Cali.ornla. Maple to Cherry— 9o days on paving.
California, Cherry to Flint avenue— 9o days on
paving.
.Douglass, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— 9o days
paving.
California and Maple— 9o days on paving.
FUlmore— Broadway to Vallejo— 9o days on pav
ing.
Chenery, Miguel to Mateo — 90 days on sewer,
etc.
Checery, Koanoke to Castro— 9o days on sewer,
etc. k
Francisco, Fiilmore to Broderlck— 9o days on
macadam, etc. ,
Baker, Tonquln to Lewis— 9o days on macadam,
etc.
a lamed a, Potrero to York— 9o day a on grade,
etc.
KKCOMMENDED PASSED TO BEBOLCTI6N ORDER
ING.
Page, Scott to Devisadero- Stone sidewalks.
Elizabeth, Noe to Sanchez— Mone sidewalks.
Elizabeth, Km to Castro— stone sidewalks.
Eighteenth avenue South, H to 1 South—
adam. .
Eighteenth avenue South, T to X South—Mao
adam.
. Eienteenth avenue South, X to L South—Mac
adam.
FIBTHKB PBOCKEDINOB RECOMMENDED TO BE
OMITTKD.
Fulton, Lyon to Central avenue— Bitumen.
OBJECTIONS OVERRULED.
Polk. Greenwich to Lombard— Grading.
BKSOLUTION PROVIDING FOB BEMOVAti Or COB
BLES.
All blocks or street crossings— provided that
prot»erty-owners pay one-half expense ol repair
ing with basalt or bitumen.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
California, Laurel to Locust— Laurel Hill Asso
ciation to pave with basalt.
California, Locust to Maple— Same.
California, Central to Laurel— Same.
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— City Engineer to
make diagram of district to pay for grading.
SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS TO FKBFOBM
WORK.
Pacific, Front to Davis— Hepave with basalt.
Tllden, Castro to Park Hill— To start sewering.
Fourteenth, Castro to fc-outh Broderick— rec
ommend 11 necessary sewering and paving.
Fulton, Fiilmore to Stelner— To take action on
paving. . . ' • •- ■ -:';■:■'■'
■'■ ■ FXTBNSION OF TIME ORANTSD. ' • 9
Twenty-second, Mississippi to Pennsylvania
avenue — 120 days, to property-owners or assigns,
on grading.
Twenty-second,' Pennsylvania to Indiana— l2o
days, to F. G. Drumm, on grading, etc
■ Pierce Filbert to Greenwich— 6 days, to Union
Paving Company, on paving, etc.
Corbett avenue, Seventeenth to Douglass— 9o
days on grading.
Corbeu avenue, Douglass to Clara avenue— 9o
days on grading.
STREET WOBK BECOMMENDED BY BUPEBINTEND-
KNT OF STKEBTH.
Devisadero and Page crossing— Bitumen.
Devisadero. Haigat to Page— bitumen.
Greenwich and Octavia— Cesspools, curbs, stone
sidewalks.
Larkln, Lombard to Chestnut— Bitumen, j
Greenwich, Pierce to Scott— Bitumen.
Shotwell, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Bitumen.
lowa, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Green and Gough— Stone sidewalks on south
side.
I PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Larkln, Lombard to Chestnut — Property-owners
I against paving.
Chenery — Falrmount Improvement Club against
acceptance of newer. - •:
Bryant, Twenty-sixth to Army—Property-own
ers against grading, etc.
- Thirteenth, Devisadero to Buena Vista avenue—
Char es K. Uugan against paving, etc.
Fifteenth avenue South. Q to R streets—
erty-owners against grading, etc.
Waller, Ociavia to Laguna— Property- owners
against paving, etc.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
: Cole, Oak to Property- owners to retain
curbs.
Kickard, Weldon South— Orphan asylum to , ex
punge from official map.
'Sixteenth; Ashbury to Upper Terrace—Property
owners for sewer.
M South, Eighth to Ninth avenue South— Hilling
& Hahr for sewer. «
Eighth avenue. M to N South— Same.
Eighth avenue South and M South— Same. • ""'
Wailer. l.aguna to Buchanan— Alex George for
delineation on maps. -
Cliff it venue, 1 uirty-eigh:h to Thirty-ninth—
Same.
Cnattanooga, Twenty-fourth to Jersey— Same.
Hawthorne. Folsom North— Same.
Cor butt avenue to Fowler avenue — Same. .
La Honda road, Corbet to Fowler— Same. -
Eddy, Devisadero to Broderlck— Mary K. Rob
erts for postponement of laving sidewalks. :
Fulton, Masonic avenue to Shrader— Property
owners for grading, etc.
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut— H. E. Law. to
grade.
Chapultepec, Virginia to Henrietta—Property
owners to grade, etc. -"
Mission, Cortland to Highland avenue — Property
owners for raving.
Vicksburg, Twenty-second to Twenty-fourth—
Property-owners for stone sidewalks.
Highland and Mission— Property-owners for re
consideration of protest." S&SSBa
Kimball place, Leavenworth to Hyde— For re
moval of fence.
Clay, Spruce to Maple— C A. Davis for bitu
men.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— Polk-street Im
provement Club and Van ess avenue Improve
ment Club for grading at once. <
chestnut. Polk to Van Ness— Hildebrandt for
postponement of paving. -
.Nineteenth, Noe to tranches— Residents for side
walks.
OBJECTIONS TO HTBEET WORK.
Clayton. Page to Halght— Stone sidewalks. : Pro
test denied.
. Cole, 1 age to Halght— Stone sidewalks." Protest
denied.
Lyon and chestnut — Sewer. Referred back to
Street Committee.
ASSESSMENT CONFIRMED.
First avenue and California street— Stone side
waits.
SEWERS.'
B, First to Fifth avenues— City Engineer recom
mends change so that main sewer be on Fourth
avenue, between A and B streets.
Eighteenth— Outlet. City Engineer directed to
examine extension of sewer to an outlet and to
prepare plans, etc., and City Attorney to condemn
property for same.
J. Eighth to Thirteenth avenues— Engineer
directed to prepare specifications, etc.
Grades.
Duncan, Noe to Sanchez— City Engineer reported
against changes.
Hayes and Scott— City Engineer to report on
! grade protested against
Golden Gat« Far* district — City Engineer
granted an exteusion of twenty days to report
on grades, etc -if-m
Folsom avenue, south from Folsom— City Engi
neer to recommend proper grades at expense of
$55.
'o A , n S?T . avenue and Eugenia— Lowered to
J52. 50 feet.
A ndover avenue, 226 feet south from Eugenia-
Established at 226 feet. . . i .
BIDS OPENED.
Church, Market to Fifteenth— Plank sidewalks.
Federal and Cesspools, culverts, , granite
curbs.
Chestnut. Polk to Van Ness— Bitumen, granite
curbs.
«ouch and Turk- 12-inch sewer, culverts, etc
stone sidewalks. % T 1
Kansas, Twenty-fifth to Army— l6-inch sewer,
etc.
Laguna, Clay to Washington— Bitumen, granite
curbs.
Chestnut, Hyde to Lark In— B-inch sewer, etc
Preclta avenue, Folsom to Alabama— Graded,
8-inch sewer, etc /
Preclta avenue, Folsom to Alabama, south of
Bernal Park— Graded macadam. -
Mission and Silver avenue— Cesspools, curbs,
plank sidewa ks. > ■
-Mission and Ney— Cesspools, curbs, plank side
walks.
Mission and Marshall-Storm- water inlets, cess
pools, etc.
Treat avenue, Twenty-fifth to . Twenty-sixth—
Stone side walks. . ■
Mission and Trumball— Cesspool, culvert, plank
sidewalks. ;.-...
. Mission and Bos worth— Storm-water inlet. :
Mission and Bos worth— Cesspool, culverts, plank
sidewalks. '.
Mission and St. Marys— Cesspool, culverts, plank
sidewalks.
Scott, Waller to Thirteenth— Stone sidewalk*.
Kleiner, Waller to Thirteenth— stone sidewalks.
Thirteenth, Stelner to Scott— Stone sidewalks.
Montgomery and Adler— Bitumen.
Twenty-iourth and Cr.s;ro— >tone sidewalks.
Twenty-fourth and Harrison— tone sidewalks. "
•Filbert and Pierce— Cesspools,' culverts, stone
sidewalks.
Church and, Twenty-second — Graded, granite
crosswalks, basalt. .- .■-> - X v ,
Harrison, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Stone
sidewalks. \ •. — -
Leavenworth, North Point to B»y-R°grading. ':
Chestnut, Van Ness to Franklin— Bitumen.
Castro and Army— Grade, sewer, etc., curbs,
macadam. \ ■
Street Committee Report.
Treat avenue, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
report adversely on paving for the present.
Twenty fourth, Castro to Diamond— s-anie.
Hush, >telner to .Fierce— Same.
Market, Octavla and Waller— Recommended
that haif-width sidewalks belaid.
Kusb, Htelner to Pierce— ln favor of allowing
property-owners to pave with bitumen.
Cole. Waller to Frederick— ln favor Of stopping
proceedings for sixty dayt.
PETITIONS.
California and Fill more, northeast corner—Prop
erty-owners for stone sidewalk. In favor.
I, Seventh to Kighth avenues— Property-owners
for gracing. Deferred UU graaes are changed.
1, Tenth to Eleventh avenues— Property-owners
for grading. Deferred till grades are changed.
Fage, Brod«ritlc to Baker— Margaret Perry for
six mouths to lay sidewalk, iieported adversely.
Oreen. Polk to Van Van Nrsa-avenue Im
provement Club -or sidewalks. In favor.
Sanchtz. Market to Henry— George Nicholas to
lay do feet of &-foot stone sidnwaUs. In favor.
Seventeenth, Folsom to Harrison— ln favor of
paving.
Seventeenth and Chare h- Property-owners for
bitumen, iieported adversely.
Chestnut, Hyde to Larkin— Property-owners for
8-inch sewer. Reported adversely.
Tehama and Fifth— Mrs. E. Donovan to repair
wooden siflewalk. In favor.
Vallejo, uear Hyde— P. J. Thomas to repair side
walks. In favor.
Cnlon, Gough to Oc.avla— Adeline Eastou to lay
stone sidewalks. In favor, and stopping further
proceedings for six n on.hs.
Vaieucla, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Thomas
ii.mvght for three n-outbs 10 lay stone sidewalks.
•Ktportad adversely.
PROTESTS.
Chestnut, Van Ness to Frunklln—Property-own
ers against paving, etc. Reported adversely.
Alabama, I'wenty-slxth to I'reclta avenne—Prop
erty-owners against layin« sidewalks. In favor.
Lyon, Chestuut and Devisadero—Property-own
ers agalnai sewers. Placed on Hie.
LaKuna, Waller to Haight— Mrs. Plank against
sewers and paving with bltnmen. Placed on flla
seventh. Berry to Channel— Against paving. In
favor, and stopping work for six months.
Twenty-fourth, Castro to Diamond— Property-
Owners agalniii grading. In favor, and stopping
proceedings for six months.
Laurel place, First to Essex— Property-owners
•gainst paving. Reported adversely.
Brannan, .Ninth to Tenth — Property -owners
against paving. .Reported adversely.
BABBEU FOB SIX MONTHS.
Lake, Fifth to bixth aveaue— Grading, etc., by
protest.
FOR CITY WAIFS.
Another Meeting to Be Held To-Horrow
at Mm. John Pettee's Resilience.
Objects of the Plan.
Mrs. John Pettee and her friends are
anxious to press forward their plans for
the provision of little homeless City waifs.
A friend of the cause said yesterday:
"The intent of the promoters of the pro
posed Children's Emergency Hospital and
Receiving Home enterprise in connection
with and as an adjunct to the Society for
the .Prevention of Cruelty to Children is to
have a place available at any and all times
where children suffering from disease and
injuries wno may be taken in charge by
the society can be received and given the
necessary medical or surgical treatment
free of charge. In many of the existing
institutions for the care of children it ia
very undesirable to admit such as are
suffering from contagious or even cuta
neous diseases, as no facilities are at hand
for their proper care.
"In others the free wards may be over
crowded and several days must elapse be
fore a new applicant can be admitted, or
a child may be suffering from neglect,
starvation and filth and require careful
nursing and the doors of the established
institutions perforce closed against it on
account of some disease as scarlet fever
racing within their walls.
"It is not the intention to antagonize or
supplant any established hospital or insti
tution. On the contrary it is hoped that
all such will open their doors for the poor,
neglected and distressed little charges of
the society as freely in the future as they
have in the past.
"The prime object of this hospital and
home is to provide proper shelter and care
for all little ones who may be sent from
the society for one or more days until
arrangements can be made for placing
them permanently in some established
hospital or institution.
"With this object in view it is deemed
advisable to secure in some healthy and
central locality a small building which
can be utilized for the purpose.
"We desire to equip this building in the
proper manner, with cots and other neces
sary furniture, a small range, a sufficient
supply of needful drugs, medicines, ban
dages, etc. All this should be placed in
charge of not less than two competent
women, who for the present would be
nurse, housekeeper, cook and matron.
"To accomplish our aim funds are re
quired, and the entertainments given and
to be given by Mrs. John Pettee are for
the purpose of acquiring the needed
amount.
"At a meeting to-morrow at 2505
Leavenworth street the hail and pro
gramme will be decided upon. AH inter
ested in the proposed enterprise are in
vited to attend."
Mrs. Hate's Allowance Decreased.
Jud^e Coffey has signed an order reducing
the family allowance of Mrs. Anais Hale,
widow of the late Joseph P. Hale, from $550 a
month to a month. The application lor
this reduction was made on behalf of Margaret
Ryan and certain creditors of the estate.
» ♦ ■»
Monkeys are like men in one respect—
they suffer trreatly from seasickness.
KEW TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medicine
irtfflw
for Billons and Nervous disorders.Buch as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Glddl.
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot
Beat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tlveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, *c., when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will bo acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEE* HAITI'S FILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic — a few doses will work won. :
dors upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plezlon, bringing back the keen e<^ge of appe-
tite, and arousing ' with ' the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Beccham's Pills have the
Largest Sale of any ' Patent Medicine
In the World. ,
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U.S.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book
free upon application.
; railiio&i) travel:
sorthTS^stvrailrm^
(Via Sausallto Ferry).':*;
■torn San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189 X
WEEKDAY*.
For Mill r Valley ami San Ha»ael-»7 136, •9tl&.
11:00 A. v.. »1:46, 8:45, »5:16. •5:45,6:30 p it
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays, \Vedne» -
day* and Saturdays a: 11 -.30 r. M. : •■■ •
: : "' 'r . ; , v: : SUNDAYS. ■ ;' :
For Mill Valley and ] Sun ; Rafael-»8;00, •1001
•11:30 a. M.; 3:00, *4:30, 6:16». m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
/■i THROUGH TRAINS. /
_For Point Reyes and way statlons-7;23 a. «
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. m. Sundays, 1 :45. f. . v.* Satu?
■' * »r Caradero and way stations— 7 :2s a. M. n*«u.
ITEW TO-PAT.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Booms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Hills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
ACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTARD I C J. W. MCDONALD, Pn»
C. B. STONE I 3 W. E. DENXISON, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP ii COI* J. H. MENDELL,
W. MCDONALD I 2 Corps of Engineers, V.A.A.
W. K.DK2i2iISOXJA (Retired),
CoKSVLTIXe E.VIIIVEKB.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, CaL, All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITUMEN MII.ES. .gS^Sfe Jetue * "*
PROPERTY OWNERS!
ATTENTION.
Y7k OE2STTS
Per Square Foot (no discrimination) is wuat you
can get your street paved with BITUMINOUS
i OCX for by the
PACIFIC PiTOO COMPANY.
Office lOC and 108 Phelan Building.
Call on us or send your address And our rppre-
aentatlve will call on you. Telephone Main 656.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Wort
CRUSHED TRAP rock j
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
802 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING.
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
rUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STS,
Telephone West 14. ■
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET.
CALIFOMIA CONCRETE CO.
ARTIFICIAL STOKE PAVE3IEJTS.
14 Post St., San Francisco. Telephone Main 110.
Alsen's . . .
Portland Cement.
• Strongest, Finest Ground and Aiost
I Uniform Cement made in the world. -
1 Largest Works and Greatest Production.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., Agents
327-329 Market St., S. F.
PAR COMPOSITION AND
' ' « Pi GRAVEL ROOFiKB.
Parafflne Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
TELEPHONE 1752.
CHARLES M. DEPEW
PLANING MILL COMPANY.
GENERAL MILL WORK, SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing: and Resawlng 1 .
OFFICE AND FACTORY,
329-233 Berry Si , Bet. 4th and sth.
Box 19. Builders' Exchange, S. F.
PA R BUILDING
LIJLOi PAPER. . .
SOLD By ALL DEALERS.
BH(IL4DDIN(i.McBEAN&CO.
j if|aMl3sB-1360 MARKET ST.
lliiai^aUUS WORKS, LINCOLN .
RAILROAD TRATECa
cJS^fSSKf* wlth North Paclfl «
WEEK DAYS— l.pave!i F. 9:l"iA.it. 1-45 r it
r Returnlng-Arrire S. f. 3:25 p m. 620 p v
SUKDAYS-LeaveS.F.BA. M 11:30 a it 1-SOpil ;
Returnln -ArrlveS.F.l:lsp.M.4:3oFic' 7 : 35T2:
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or 7 - d5R *
•Mit w H i?** CO i JK A SOXB « 6 2 1 Market at., 8. F.
MM! VaUay and Mount TaaaalpaU Scenic Ral; www
SINFRAKCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market SB.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:SO. 9:00, 11:00 a if- la-iv '
8:80, 6:10. 6:30 p. M. Thnrsdays-Kxtrairla
:nd 1 li 8 ?30-p lt it BiaURIW - EXtM M £ ■« ' l^ B
Bol 6fw. Y 6^O^ O i 9:30 ' 11:0 ° A l t: 1:30t 3:3 '
WEEk 8 ' a D\^:U tO 7^ ISS^si 1 '
■ O ?SSt Y 6 l !«?i l ?L- 9:40> l£:1 *■ *l I: ** 3:**
t^edgiyia a o^e?° >adBChaet ' <>a *** «an>,
Baniancuco- jnen^ct •-,^^3-l ',
.:-.gg|-a:- l*.*in£lo a ."s™ : |Wkk^
6:10 pm|6:oo fm Santa Ro^. 7:35 fm gjaa pm
7^»ak Healdsburg, wiWiWi
t' Healdsburg, mi.^Saic
t.yttOD, ....
8:30 ru 8:00 am qo"rtaj£ 7:?fl TO 6:23 p.
I Pleta, J~~ — ~—
7:30 ak B:OOAM * HO|?^' fc 7; 3Spm CiZaPM
.8:80pm 8:O ° AM r Pern » TUle - 7 :3S pm 10:25 A- I
' ■ ■ " ■"' ■■ * ' ■ Q***2 Psi I
7: oam 8.00 am Sonoma -: 10:40 am B^40 am I
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:10 PM 6:22 P* I
lllg pmll;^ £| Seba^topou |^^^|gg^
nell'a, Sanhedrln y HViehTs Huilvi "' Buclc -
Greenwood,- Orr's Mot Sprint. Mi^ nevillB -
Fort Bn«g Wes'tpon U^i^wil^?^?" l^ Clt^
velo, Laytonvlile. Harris Scot •» in 1 . Cahto - °»-
xo°n n d T^x^r^r aii pout, «- j
NEW TO-DAY. :
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. 80. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
NEWER, SHOES
PRETTIER UUV/UU
AT BEDKOCK PRICES CAN BE FOUND IX
our store than anywhere else In this city.
Shoes made after our own ideas, made to wear
weil. look well and fit well. We are making a
specialty of Ladies' $2 Shoes this week. We are
blockaded by the Sprockets fence and are com-
pelled to sell cheap. You may have heard us say
so before. But did you ever compare our shoe*
and prices with those bought from other dealer ; ?
There Is no retailer in this city giving the values
w» are for $2. Ladles' Kangaroo, Calf button,
straight foxed, new coin toe, double soles, reversed
button fir, a fine winter shoe, reduced to $2; sola
elsewhere for $3. i
mi^m^^^mmmmm^mmm Ladies' Twentieth
« A /!mII Century .Lace Shoes,
m»«< 2fl - |W| with kid or cloth tops,
V vV IVJ - durable soles, straight
1 «L ' I. I ' foxed, with kid tops
B ««. lAJ 'or circular vamps and
B - . TEag - cloth tops, pointed toes
fit".,^ iar ' and patent leather
Itr^*—^ ™ tips: every pair guar-
wH*^^[aJJ_S*H> anteed. The very lat-
IBifiw - ntHrraaKl est, - awe! lest styles,
52.00. Reduced to« 2.
Ladies' Extra Fine ""^l^™ " m "' m^ mm^
Vici Kid Button, with VBflH &'?[
either cloth or kid tops, f»£H« : ->3 I V^l
pointed or narrow square fiJEK y 1 4 i
toes ani patent leather AS i»%^ \ttl
tips, pliable soles. For B? Utol. V
ODe week reduced to $2. jH|^^[*^* S< B^
52.00.
SPECIAL— LADIES' EXTRA
QUALITY FINE RUBBERS,
extra light, reduced to 25c.
- jO~ Country orders solicited.
JB3T Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
- Address . . ; : -
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street. San FrnocUno.
.v v " RAILROAD TRAVEL.
& F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
NOVEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24. 29,
And Every Fifth Da y Thereafter.
Leave Jrom S. p. Ca's Ferry Landing. 1005 if
Market st., at 8:00 p. jc
SPECIAU $10 including north,
SPEUAU OIU Tonrut 8I 4 9
RATES .»: $19 first-class, lncludta*
RATES' SI 9 Be s**r tart
For further ' Information apply at 013* Mart at
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD lift AY, X. U. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOtTHERN PACIFIC tOMI'AXT.
(PACIFIC (SV.STKM.)
Tr»»ln» lenvr mill nrr due to nrrlve at ,
MAN FKANCINtW. .„_...•_. ...
leave— November 7, 1.00 p. m., 1896.— ahriti
•O:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:45.v
?>OOa Atlantic Express. Og>len and Ka.-.t.. . 8:43p
7:OOa Benida, VacayiUe, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Redding via
Davis 6:43p
■ 7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, 3« apa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa. 6:15p
S:3Oa Niles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and Red
Bluff 4:13p
•8:3Oa Peters and Milton *?:18p
9:00 a New Orleans Impress, Raymond (for
:N ■.-"/•".» Yosemite), - Fresno, Dakerslielil, ,
Santa Barbara, I .cm Angeles, Dem- it '■'■• \-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4:-15r
9:0Oa Martinez and Stockton 4 :4Sp
9:00 a Vallejo :..... 6:15 p.......
- ....... Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers •D:00p
:»Op Port Costa and Way Stations |7: k&r
4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and ■ ■ '
Sautaßosa 0:13 a
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville and Sacramento 1 1:134
4:30p Niles, San Jose and Livermore.... 8:43.*,
4:3»p Los Angeles Express, Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Augeles 10:434,
4»3«p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo ami East I 0:43 a
• 6:OOi- European Mail, Ogrten and Kast.... *):4»a
6:00p Hayivanlii, Niles ami San Jose 7:43 a
t":OOi> Vallejo i~:43r
7:OOp Oregou Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and Kast I 1:13 a
\10:05p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
ana East §12:43y
SAXTA < -HI DIVISION (Narrow lian»?e). *
•slsa Newark,CeutervilU>,«ai!,lose,Feltou, "^
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations . 5:.10r
•8:I3p Newark, Centerville, San .lose. New :
■ ■ Aliuaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
. ,- . SUtious *1I:2Oa
. **'■'** Newark. San Joso and l.os Gates... . 9:30 a
1 1l:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose acd
- ' Way Stations 47;20p
(-OAST IUVIMON (Tliir.l A ToiTiiscml Sis.) '
6: ».>a San Jose and Way Stations (New *
'.■•"V« o Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
■:13a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo, Gnadalupe, Surf ai>d
• « -*L Yri'rtpiil Way stations... 7:03p-
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations. B:O3p
•**■•* Pal ° Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•a:3»pSan Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose.
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa- Cruz,
... «» „ °alinas,Monterey and PaclficGrove # l 0:10 a
•,t:.tOpSan Joso and Way Stations •>&•*
• •4:3opSan Jose and Way Stations *S:1O\
3:30p San Joso and Principal Way Stations *8:3Oa
<J:.lOrSan Jos. and Way Stations «::i.Vv
j11:43i- Sau Jose and Way Stations n:4Sp
SAX LKAMiKO AM> HAYWAIiOs LO< ,AL.
t'fi:OO A l . ~ i 7 TOST
8:00 a . (9:4.->a
lO.'ooa Helrose, Seminary Park, iV!i3a
U 2;SSp Fitchburg, San L«andro *££&
3:OOr __,■ 4.-4.1P
4:« Op • an(l \ 5:41 P
[BiSOp Haywardß. 7-43p
7:00p BrfSl 1
8:OOp ._ 9:45P
9:OOp • Runs through to Niles. 1 0:50p
ttll;lspj < From Niles. tfl2:ooP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom SAN FaiNCISCO— root of Market Street (SUp 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1140 *2:00 t3:0O
. M:00 15:00 ' *6:00r.M.
From OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway — "6:00 8.-00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 ±200 *3:C3 ti-C9
■ *5:00r.M. ■ ■ :" ■
r A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. ;:'. | Saturdays only.
.... . '''!_' "■' { Sundays only. . ,
tt Monday. Thursday aud Satur.lay nishte only. _^
TiTuefda,B and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdayfc,
A v ■•
Atlantic
Trains leave and arrtva "ISffifBSjBBJSH
SANTA H EXPRESS. W^gM
10 Chicago via A. Jfc f.^^^j^^^^Tg^
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. h., carrvlns Pullman Palaca
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered ToarliD
bleeplngr-cars. which run daily through to Chicago
100 l 14118 * 3 CUy ' Annex ca " or Denver and Bb
-Boston Kxcursions, via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the white .Mountains leave every
1 1 esday. ■;.--_
- The best railway from California to the East.
r»ew rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's -rooms.
.. San Francisco Ticket Office," G44 Market
St.; Chronicle l.uilding. Telephone M»iu
,1531. Oakland, 1118 Broadway.CURTIS COX WAS
FORCED TO STEAL
A Boy Who Ran Away
.From His Home in
••• Puehio, Colo.
Ctfar-ges His Stepfather, James
Morrow, With Cruelly
/ Treating Him.
• After Arriving Here He Fell Into
.the Hands of a Criminal and
Was Arrested.
• Curtis Cox, a bright, innocent looking
boy, 15 years of age, as a result of falling
.into the hands of a criminal is now held
. in tbe City Prison on a charge of burglary.
The boy on Sunday afternoon went into
the- fruitstore of Bazbuke & Currie, 38
Market street. He told Currie that he
was hungry and Currie gave him a nickel.
About 6 o'clock that evening the boy re
• turned to the store and stole $4 05 from
the till. In a few minutes he again went
. back to tn_ store and gave Bazbuke the
money he had stolen. Be told Ba.buke
that a man had instigated him to steal the
. money and he had repented.
Bazbuke detained the boy and notified
Policeman C. Donobo*. The boy told the
same story to the policeman and said that
the man had arranged to meet him at the
• ferry at 7 o'clock. Tbe policeman went
with the boy to the ferry and waited for
the man, but he did not turn up. and t c
boy was taken to the Harbor station,
where a charge of petty larceny was booked
against him.
Yesterday Curtis was taken before Judge
JoacbimseD. who, after hearing his Btory,
held him to answer before the Superior
Court in $1000 bonds on the charge of
burglary in the second decree, so tbat he
could be sent to tbe Whittier reformatory.
It is possible that something else will
• .be done with the boy if his story should
prove true. H* has apparently none of
tiie criminal instincts in him.
"I belong to Pueblo, Colo.," he said yes
terday, "and ran away from home on
September 5 owing to the cruelty of my
stepfather, Jim Morrow, who works I ; i a
foundry. He has always treated me cru
elly. He would thrash me and roll me in
. a barrel and often for-days he would give
me nothing but bread and water for my
food. I could not stand it any longer, so j
1 ran away.
"I t?ot on a passenger train and beat my
way to Streator, IU. For v few days I
tried to get work, but failed, and again !
• Beat 'my way bac_ on trains. I stopped)
off at Foit fccott. Kans., for a day and I
then got as far as La Junta, where I
boarded a train tfoin^ this way. 1 got as
lar as Albuquerque, N. Mex.. "where 1 was
thrown off the train. I stayed there for a
hay or two and as I could net nothing to j
eat I stole a toy watch from a man and !
"■old it for 2 cents to net food.
"I'got here aoout a month ago, and tried
to. get work. I -ot something to do occa- j
•sionally at the Oakland racetrack. Five '■
days'ago I got on a train to go to San !
Jose, but was thrown off at San Leaudro.
• There I met a man «bout 39 years of age.
He was short and stout and had a sandy
mustache, and toid me to call him Jim.
. "He wanted me 10 go wiih him and
eteal, but I refused, i tried to fret away
.from him, but lie always found me out.
c He wq,uld be away at nisbts, and I slept
in a farmer's barn, but In tne mornings, j
■when I tried to leave 6an Leandro, he al- |
. ways turned up. He showed me things j
that he said he had stolen.
"Sunday he made me come to the City I
with him, and he pointed out tbe fruit- I
store to me. He told me to rob the till,
and he would meet me at the ferry at 7 |
o-'clock and get the money from me. 1
didn't want to steal, but I was afraid of
him. After I stole the money I saw him
''.going down tbe street, so I turned back
-n.i gave it to the fruit man.
"{ hope they won't send me to the re- i
form school. I would like to eet work
here, but if they want to send me back I
hope they will send me to my married
lister, who has a ranch in Garden City,
Kans.- 1 would not live with my step
father again."
Ttie following regarding the lad ap
peared in last night's Oakland Inquirer:
Curtis Cox. the young boy who declared
that he was going to tramp to bis home in
Colorado, but who was picked up by ttie police
at Seventh and Broadway tome days after
. ward, was befriended by a Mrs. Smith, re
. s idiu« in tae vicinity of East -ixuteuth and
. Tenth avenue, but the lady nas now reported
- ttiat the boy has run away. A Contra Costa
farmer by the name of Rutherford called at
tne police station to-day and also offered to
lake the boy and give him a home and educa
tion.. The youngster, however, evidently likes
a roaming Hie better than a comfortable
'home. He has probably left the city this
time.
- Captain Robinson will to-day communi
cate «^nih Superintendent Carman of the
Newsboys' Home on Taylor street so that
he can have a talk with him and probably
take charge of him.
Waltz Admitted to Bail.
William Waltz, one of the striking lathers I
accused of causing the death of a non-union I
workman, ana who was sentenced to San J
Quentin for one year, ha* been admitted to
btii! by Judge Wallace, the bond being fixed at
¥_000. The companions of Waltz in the al
iened crime wfH apply to be also admitted to
bail.
A SOCIETY TRAGEDY.
Fashionable "Functions" Proved Dis
astrous to the Natural Jce
Skatiug Rink.
When the Natural Ice Skating Company
opened its entertainment at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion two years ago there was ,a
great rush of people who wished to enjoy
the pleasure of gliding over the glassy
surface. Natives of northern climes
wished to renew the joys ot their child
hood, and as a consequence of their per
sistent enthusiasm the venture gave
promise of yielding satisfactory dividends
for the stockholders.
That this desirable condition did not
long prevail is shown by a suit just filed
by Crane & Co. against the Natural Ice
Skating Company for $2324 43 balance due.
The original projector of the scheme
found that it cost a great deal to start the
enterprise and was surprised to see the
affair nipped by a killing frosl, more
frigid than the pond over which his
patrons were invited to "skim like swal
lows o'er the smooth lake's brim." His
explanation for the failure is unique and
is an illustration ot one of the idiosyncra
sies of Pacific Coast civilization.
Failure of the novel entertainment,
which at first promised so much and which
flattened oat so quickly, is attributed to a
blunder of the manager of the affair, who
was described as a ''society duck" by the
leading capitalist who staked and lost his
money. Just as the boom of prosperity
appeared to be so high that nothing could
stay its progress, the manager conceived
the idea of making the skating rink a
fashionable lad. He had secured the
patronage oi the common people, and he
CURTIS COX.
1 was ambitions to number the members of
I the local 400 among his clientele. With
| that object in view he proclaimed that the
rink should be the scene of a •'society
function" each Tuesday and Thursday
afternoon, on which occasion admission
should be by invitation only, and that
only the Nob Hill element would be
deemed eligible for participation in those
revels of the gilded youth and fashion of
the City. .•; . t \
For two weeks those "functions" were
. very successful, but society soon tires of
I anything, and so th« attendance from the
I Western Addition fell out of sight.
In the meantime some of the folks who
j felt slighted took to discussing the sub
j ject. . , "■- . .... .-.'.-„,-,,
"We won't do a thins; to that ice-skat
| ing joint but just let it alone," said a
young man at a Bouth-of-Market social
reunion one evening.
And so it turned out. The rink was de
serted by all except a few old gentlemen
who tried to ima. ine themselves as spry
as they were in their youth, and the
; omnipresent small boy of the newspaper
selling guild. Therefore, the doors were
quickly closed and a balance of $2324 43 is
still due to the machinists who did the
work. ;7, '}■;■■:--
* ■+■ — •—,• — ,
DIPHTHERIA GAINING.
Six More Cases Imported— X Special
Meeting of the Board of Health
to Be Held To- Day.
Diphtheria has made another bound for
ward in its devastating progress, and
should the present bad weather prevail
the Board of Health is anticipating a still
further increase in the number of cases.
Six cases were reported at tbe Health
Office during the forty-eight hours ending
at 5 o'clock last evening, making eight
since the first of the month. They were
located as follows: 1875 Fifteenth street,
10 Beaver street, 4214 Nineteenth street,
215 Eureka street, _2 San Carlos avenue
and 1519 Buchanan street.
There is some doubt about the latter
case being one of genuine diphtheria, but
the doctor iv attendance reported it as
su»*h.
The Beaver-street case is the tecond that
has occurred in the same house.
The board will discuss the closing of the
schools that were investigated on Satur
day last in bpecial session to-day, and
there is every likelihood that two or more
of them will be closed.
•—• — • — •
YOUNG BUT WOULD WED.
Only an Official Investigation Could
Check i efebvre'a Matrimonial Plans.
Little Mamie Kelly, who lives some
where out in tbe Mission, has narrowly
e«cape<i being a bride at the tender age of
16 years. Tbe girl is bardiy out of short
dress s, but she foil violently iv love with
Dillon Lefe'ovre. The possible groom is
only a boy, barely 19 years old. He deter
in i ned to marry the giri and act about it
systematically. The girl's mother vio
lently opposed the proposed match. The
girl's father was in Los Angeles. Le
febvre having been repulsed by the
mother, appealed to the father, who tele
graphed as follows:
Dillon Lefebvre, 978 Howard street: Telegraph
$15 to-day. Got j >b in O&kland. What you
a.-._ed me for Is O. K.
About this time Frank J. Kane became
interested in the case, which was brought
to his notice by the girl's motner. He
succeeded in getting the dispatch which
the father had sent from Los Angeles from
L»febvre, and it appeared to him that the
$15 mentioned was a consideration. Le
leovre said that he was working, but Mr.
Kane found out that this was not true.
Then there was a scene, in which the boy
was told that the wedding would not come
off. The marriage license has not Deen
taken out. Letebvre not long ago at
tempted suicide on account of Mamie
Kelly.
•—• — ♦ — •
The population of the world averages
109 women to every 100 men.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
POLICE RAIDING
THE POOLROOMS
Three of the Police Judges
Are Not Backing
Them Up.
Cases Are Always Dismissed
as Soon as Brought
Into Court.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare Raises a
Nsw Point Which Judge Joachim
sen Will Decide To-Day.
The poolroom ordinance formed the
subject of able arguments 'in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday afternoon
and cansed a sharp interchange of words
between the Judge and Prosecuting At
torney Dare.
There are a number of cases on the
calendar in this court against the pro
prietors of poolrooms for violating the
ordinance, and yesterday afternoon was
set for the trial of the first on the list
The police have been raiding the pool
rooms since they opened concurrent with
the opening of the racetrack last month,
but every case that has been taken before
Judges Low, Campbell or Conlan has
been dismissed on the ground that the
poolroom proprietors were simply acting
'as commission-men by sending the money
to the track, in accordance with the re
cent decision of Judge Wallace. Still the
police kept arresting them, to be followed
by another dismissal.
Tbe case that came before Judge
Joachimsen yesterday afternoon was that
of George F. Tuttle, 20 Leidesdorff street.
Policeman Francis, who made the arrest,
testified in effect that on October 28 he
purchased a pool ticket for 25 cents from
Tuttle, playing Caliente for a piare. No
mention was made of any commission.
The pool ticket was submitted, and there
the case rested.
The defense was represented by Attor
neys Joseph J. Dunne and S. H. Begens
bureer. Attorney Dunne moved for a
dismissal of tbe case on the ground that
the defendant, by sending the money to
the track to be wagered, was simply act
ing as a common carrier, for which he
could not bo punished under the ordi
nance.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare, in a long
and able argument, contended that the
ordinance covered the case in point. It
had been prepared by a learned ex-Judge
and revised by some of the leading law
yers in the City, and its preamble showed
how essential it was for the protection of
boys and young men. He contended that
they had proved their case, inasmuch as
subdivision 2 of section 1 say s :
No person upon any trial or contest of skill,
■peed or power of endurance between Dorses,
except within tbe inclosure of a racetrack
where (>uch trial or contest ia to take place,
shatlsell, issue or dispose of any ticket, certifi
cate or other evidence of payment on which
shall be inscribed, written or priuted any
number, name, word or mark or anything to
designate the choice selected, received or ac
cepted by anyother person to entitle or enable
the said person holding the said ticket, certifi
cate or other evidence of payment to gain or
lose on any contingent issue.
He contended that it did not matter
whether or not the poolseller sent tbe
money to tbe racetrack or what became of
it. They had the evidence of the pool
ticket and that was sufficient.
The Jud_e said that the other three
Judges had dismissed similar cases and
they would not have done so unless on
good grounds.
"Simply because the other Judges have
done a certain thing is no reason why you
should follow their example without tak
ing into consideration the law and the
evidence," said Prosecuting Attorney
Dare.
The Judge, with some asperity, retorted
that he did not require to be instructed as
to his duty. He said he would render his
decision on the motion .or dismissal on
Saturday.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare objected
strongly to such a long delay. The police
would continue to arrest people and the
calendar was already clojrged. He saw no
reason why an earlier decision should not
be given.
The Judge insisted upon Saturday and
asked Attorney Dunne if lie had any evi
dence to offer.
"None," replied the attorney.
'•In that case," said tbe Judge, *'I will
give my decision in two minutes."
Attorney Kegensburger said he would
have some evidence to offer, which angered
Attorney Dunne, and he said Jie would
have nothing further to do with the case.
Finally the Judge advised Kegensburger
and Dunne to settle their differences De
fore this morning, when he would give his
decision. The other cases were continued
till Saturday.
DIVES AND SOCIAL EVILS.
Police Commissioner!) and Chief of Po
lice to Be Heard by tbe Grand Jury.
The Grand Jury will hold a special
meeting to-morrow to consider some im
portant business touching the unrestrained
and open methods employed by the keep
ers of dives in this City. The committee
on dives and social evils is composed of
E. U. Cutter, M. Spiro and Harry Dur
brow. The committee on gambling, opium
dens ana lotteries consists ol C. C. Burr,
Harry W. Goodall and A. E. Drucker.
These committees have presented their
views to the Grand Jury, and it has been
decided to invite the Police Commission
ers and tha Chief of Police to meet the
jury.
The Grand Jnry to-morrow may take up
the question ol the purchase of land ior
the High School at tne Mission. On this
point some expert testimony as to the
actual value of the lot may be heard.
The committee on Fire Department.
Fir* Alarm and Fire Marshal, consisting
of B. P. Farnswortb, W. L. Ashe and D.
B. Faktor, recently made inquiry regard
ing the inadequate equipment of the fire
boats. Statements made to members
of the Grand Jury are to tbe effect that
Harbor Commissioner Chad bourne fancied
that the fireboats ought not to respond
to alarms from certain boxes, and
so he marked out quite a number of boxes
on tbe list, This order led to a reduction
of the force manning the boats, as the
Chief of tbe Fire Department deemed a
full force unnecessary if the alarms were
not to be responded to.
How Nails Are Xained.
Two accounts are given of the oriirin of
the terms "sixpenny, " "eightpenny," ten
penny and so on, as applied to the vari
ous sizes of nails. According to one state
ment, when nails were made by hand, the
penny was ta_en as a standard of weight
and sit were made to equal the weight of
a copper penny.
This explanation is open to criticism on
account of the very small size of the nails
of which six were needed to balance even
tbe large-sized old-fashioned copper
penny, others are much more probable.
One explanation holds that tenpenny
nails originally sold for tenpence a hun
dred, sixpenny nails for sixpence a hun
dred and soon, the smaller nails selling
ior the lower price. Another explana
tion is that 1000 nails of the tenpenny
size used to weigh ten pounds, 1000 of the
sixpenny size six pounds and bo for other
sizes.— Louisville Star.
:r_ __-_-^_______ •!__'_' _;!._■; _ TOW TO.DAT i^f.^:''-- ■•»
~^&s^^_k as
-^^^■^^ L ~___i~ no co^ s » no coughs,
"""^^^^^s^^ — -^=_^ no S ri P» no rheuma-
"^_-_at-pg^._ tism, if you wear
::^^ sr^^^^^ BUCKINGHAM & HECHTS
Every Genuine Pair Stamped
BUCKINGHAM AHJKCirr., *. __» __» __-__» 1
PRICES-With cork Soles. INOVa bCOIia heal
S?*-::::::::::::::::::;;:;;^ Cork Sole Shoes.
Without Cork Soles.
Ladies* vy • $3 50 Guaranteed absolutely water-
S&:::: u ..*!2 Slfif^lsaSS p roof - Eas^ comfortable Shoes,
Children's. 6 to 7j£, $125 with lots of wear in them.
. ...8 to $1 50 *2 00 . .
Kasts Kast 9 s
738-740 Market St. 738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full tine of Buckingham & Carry a Full line or Buckingham
Hecht'B Fine Shoes. & Hecht's Fine Shoes.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. «3" SEND FOB CATALOGUE.
j FREE
i^Cfl £_Sr^a_^__ ITg Krj u_* kI sfi__ _____■ _____ ■■ SB W
I AN ELEGANT BUTTON FREE
1 with each package of
I SWEET CAPORAL
I CIGARETTES
lAN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE
I A COLLECTION OF BUTTONS
WITHOUT COST.
TAM A R A lax^ -25T 11 Ior ! STOCKTOS STEAMERS
I Illn II very agreeable to take Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
CONSTIPATION : At « P. M. Daily. Jbrelchc received _■
_________ hemorrhoids, bile, • . to F. la. - *
1 IE Hi I E. &3 loss of appetite, gastric and jgy Accommodations Reserved by Telepbona.
I■■ 1 1 1 __. R intestinal troubles and i_- only Hue niaKlntf t_rougn rates on Valla*
■■■■•■ ■■ ■■ headache arising Koad freight. ... «. iTTT ■
from them. STJ.AJUUSRS:
Alii! I All .-. E " GKILLON, T.C.Walker. J. D. Peters.
__r_- 1 Hi M 33 Rue rtfs Archives, rarl\ Mary tiarratt. City of Stockton.
VIII It %0 II bold by all Druggists. ' 'leiephoua Main 805. Ca_ _."»v. and li_u_ <J#
lllllliiraifflM^ ;;,:i.,.ii;Si!i n iKi~^Sy
I -^IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- I
JX -FOR — — — — . ||
I QHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, f
§ f\ Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and S
# Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, #
n Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swelling "||
...jj;' Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion,'
|| Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to %
# name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. 0
__F ''"■' i 3&
# Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. S
"rpr ___t
Jg For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Reding W& Co., Mack '& Co. and Langley & Michael., San Francisco. ft#j
::■;•#. \ Pacific Coast, San Jose, CaL ________ * ,
j|S L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacißc Coast, San Jose, CaL ||
MEW to-dat:
TJiE
WEEKLY
CJILL.
; -
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
eJ News of the Week and
=X MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ol ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
5 Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ x Rendering of the Po-
oi litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Send East if
J You Want to Advertise
]j California. ;. !
D \ /
3 The Best \ / Mining •
~J Telegraphic \/ News That
j°S Service on /\ Is Accurate
o( The Coast / \& up to date
«=< / \
°j Not a Line of it Sensational
o\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
ol it Dry or Uninteresting.
5_ A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
C>/ Bright, Clean, A Champion of
I Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Bright, Clean, A Champ'on of
Thoughtful. Truth.
D A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER -
J ALL THE TIME.
Z) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
r) HOME MAIL, 51.50
«=< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AH
| OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN 3D
. ; From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. k.
FA pi? First-claas 1 Including
_A XV JU \ 9 (J Second-class /berth <£ meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Nov. 9, 19, 29. Dec 9
Columbia Nor. 14, 34, Dec. 4, 14
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Kates and folders upon applica-
tion to
T. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Superintendent
COSLPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLISTIQUS
French Line to Havr». ... -
r*OMFANY'BPIKR(NEW),43 -NORTH _»_«_
\j lllver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by «t$SsC
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, Via -fan*
first-class* IB secuad-cia__, *110. .
LA GASCOGNE.. .Nov. 28, 5 A. It
JLA BRETAGNifI.. Dec. 6, Noon
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 12, 5 A. it
i,A TOURAINB! -....Dec, la 9 a. m.
LA GASCOUNE Dec. 2U, sa. m.
Jim' J. *»* »u«uer v»ruculars apply to > ';■;. >•
_ A. FORGET. Acrent,
No. S. Bowling Green, New Yorie.
j. Jr. rriAZl <& CO, Agent* & Montgomery
avenue, San .Francisco, ■ ■■ .
WHITE _STAR LISE.v '
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BSTWEB-T
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAlLlNvi __VEAt_ WJiISK.
CABIN, $30 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >*»-«.
Ing to steamer and accommodations mmßt
selected; second cabin, 942 50and*l? 50; Majt-jiic
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land,' Scotland, Sweden, - Norway ' and Denmark
through to Sun Francisco at lowest rates. - Ticket*,
Balling dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 61 S Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
, General Agent for Pacific Coast.
TALLEJO ASD U. S. SAYYYARD.
STKAMEIi "MOKTIVELI.O,"
Dally at.... *10:30 a. m., 4 and 9:30 p. M.
-aiurdays ,*IU:3O A. if., 4r.lt
Sundays 8 f. it
Cf; ;.:; .Landing Mission-street Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Black 261.
. 'Excursion trip, giving 6 hours at Navy- Yard.
FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS& SAJTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
at 10 a.m. (Sundays excepted): Alvisb daily at
6p. it (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between San Francisco and AJviao,
50c; to San Jose, 75c. Clay at., Pier 1. 20 W.
Santa Clara s_. ban Jom>
NEW TO-DAY.
sole agents FOR TMB
MAQQIONI" KID GLOVES.
Three
1 111 UU
Big Values
Are represented in to-day's
bargain announcement. These
goods' at these prices show
how far a little money will go
when you buy at our store.
CLOVES.
43 jO pairs of the 8 wellest Ladies' Walk-
ing Glove in the market, with two
large clasps, in Black, Brown, Tan,
Mode and Red. at
SI.OO a Pair.
These Gloves, while being offered by
• us at $1 a pair, are good value at $1.50.
UNDERWEAR.
600 Ladies' Heavy Cotton Ribbed Com-
bination Suits. . They come in Silver
Gray, and are high neck and long
sleeves, ankle length, and button
across the chest. On sale at
sOc a Suit.
Don't miss this. Nothing like it for
the price ever offered before.
Handkerchiefs.
800 boxes of Children's Initial Hand-
kerchiefs, with pretty colored Border-
ana Initials. They come 3in a box at
30c a Box.
Call early, for at this price they will
sell very fast.
_-__C3r_i_____Xr
Exceptional Values in our
RIBBON DEPARTMENT.
We offer this week another immense
| importation of the latest colorings in
! Moire Ombre, Changeable and Taffeta
Ribbons at the very Lowest Prices.
Mali orders receive prompt attention. .
Our Illustrated catalogue mailed free to any ad-
dress upon application.
NEWMAN mi
125. 137. 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 74B and 744 Market St
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TC
HAWAII, SAMOA, IL^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, il "
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S.S-. AI'siKALU for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day, December 5. at 10 a. it Special party rates
s. a. AUMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND tor SYDNEY, Thursday, December
10, at '2 p. m.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, : Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa. ... •
J. D. SPRKCKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
Freight Office, 327 Market su "san'yr-nciaca. 1 '
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY _MI
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -_Sa_3t
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Jnneau Kil-
j lisnoo and Sttlca (Alaska), at 9 a. m., .\or. 10 '25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, ■ Everett, Anacortes and
New wnatcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.), 9a. __
Nov. 6, 10, 15, 20, .'5,30, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X,, atTacotra with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with O.
N. Ky.. it Port Townsend with Alaska steanrsnu
For ! ureka, Arcata ana, Fields Landing (Hum.
bold t Bay), str. Pomona '£ p. m., Nov. 1, 6,9, 13;
; 17, 21, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Hariord (San luis Obispo), liavioia, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Loa Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Nov. 3, 7, 11, 15, ,10, 53,. 27, and every foartn
day thereafter. , * ' -.: ■■. -.. , _.".. ..
| For san Diego, stopping only at . Port : Harrord
i (San Luis Obispo), tfanta Barbara, Port Lot An-
! reles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
j a.v. Nov.l, 5, 9, 13, 17, _1, _6, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter. • : , . - . -. - ■
For Knsenada, Han Jose del Cabo.' Sli&atlan, L*
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.' . . . .-, '
• Ihe Company reserves riitht to change steamer*
or sailing dates. .Ticket: oince— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ':
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen 1 ! Agreuts.
: 10 Jlarfeet m.« San Francisco.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUBIMABT OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer,
Btertlnc Exchange higher.
Wheat futures lower.
Barley futures ditto.
Oats and Kye quiet. Corn very weak.
Bay and Feedstuff* unchanged.
Fink and Bayo Beans dnll.
Po. atoes ami Onions doing better.
Bu ter, Cheese and Krks unchanged.
Turkeys brought advanced prices.
Grapes higher.
Oranges arriving more freely.
Pr ed Fruit dull.
Provisions unchanged.
A car of Eastern Poultry In.
Cipianktiuu.
The arrow flies with the wind. Tne top Sgnrea
at station mdlcae maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, ot melted snow in inches and bundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieb" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is u-ually preceded
and accompanied by clondy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washlneton
coast. When the pressure is high in tbe Interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along tbe coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "hiKh" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
tbe pressure falling to the California" coas'. warmet
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse ol these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
rxiTED States Depabtmknt of Aoßicric
TrEE. Weather Bureau. San Francisco. CaL,
Nov. 23, 1896, 5 f. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 48. Fresno 60, San Diego 64, Red Bluff
50, San Luis Oliispo 60, Yunia 78, San Francisco
60, Los Angeles 66.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 49, mean 54.
A storm of considerable energy appeared this
morning off the central coast of California. It
has developed rapidly and to-night rain is tailing
generally throughout California, except in the ex
trt-me southern portion and through Nevada. I n
nsually heavy rains are reported hroughuut Cen
tral California. Nearly two inches ot rain has
fallen at San Francisco since 6a. m. The pressure
has ris-n rapidly over tne upp. r Missouri Valley.
It has fallen steadily over California and Southern
Oregon. The temperature has fallen fro 11 Bto 14
degrees over Utah, Nevada and Northern Califor
nia. Thus far no hi. b win is are npoaea.
southeast storm-signals are displayed from San
Francisco northward alone the eoasi and Informa
tion signals irom sau Francisco to San Luis
Obispo.
Forecast made a: San rrancisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, .November 24, i 896:
Northern California — Coutinued unsettled
weather with rain: continued cool weather; high
southeasterly winds.
Southern California — Unsettled weather with
showers Tuesday ; ;resh southeasterly winds.
Nevada — Kaln ; snow In the mountains Tuesday ;
continued cool weather.
Utah— Rain Tu-sday. turning into snow In the
mountains: cooler.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco und vicinity — Continued un
settled weather with rain Tuesday; high south
easterly winds. Gales off shore.
Alexander G. Me a die.
Local Forecast uflicial.
>EW YORK MARKETS.
. Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 2a~ The week opened
dnll at tbe stock exchange, but sufficient buying
orders were placed in various parts of the list to
bring about a rise of yB%y 8 % to %% at ihe start. The
Improvement, however, was shortlived. The lead
ing stocks yielded ? % to 1 1 /**, with the grangers
in the lead. St. Paul el »i, Uock Island %, Bur
lington 3/i, Sugar 7/ g , Manhattan 18 , weather
preferred 1% and Cnicago Ga« 7/ 8 . in the late
* trading Su^ar was run up to 117% on the smaller
shorts and there was a rally otherwise o< y^x to
3/ 4 %. Speculation closed dull and firmer in lone.
Net changes show advances or %@%X. Total
sales 163,006 shares.
Th^ bond market was generally lower. Sales
footed ud 91,418,000. Atcbison genera fours fell
%; do adjustment, 1; Consumers' Gas of Chicago
firsts, 1: Ann Arbor fours. 1; Metropolitan Ele
vated first sixes, I; Northern Pacific thirds. . ;
>ottawest consolidated sevens, 1, and Wisconsin
Central fives, %. Oregon Improvement first sixes
rose 6146 l 4 and do consolidated fives 2.
In Government bonds 923,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 119V 2 @119%. 9180U do of 19J7 at
109-V 4 @110; 9.5,000 registered fours of 1907 at
1 101/8 and 91000 coupon fives at 113.
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet, steady: winter wheat, low grade,
92iO@3'J6: fair to: fancy, 93 20@4 45 patents.
94 60@4 9J; Minnesota clear, 94 10@4 15;
straignts, $3 flO@4 75: patents. 93£5@4»0; low
extras, $2 2U@3 2o: city mills, $4 4u@s; patems.
«5 10415 3. . : rye. *5®5 .5: superfine, 92 40@3
fine, 92 hOQ'2 90. Scuitnern flour, dull; common to
fair extra, 92 85@3 45; good to choice do, 93 45
@3 60. Rye flour, quiet, steady, at 93@3 26
CORNMEAL— Quiet, steady; Western Yellow.
.92 90@3 15. '
RYE-DulL steady; Western, 40y a c. c. 1. i.
Buffalo.
BARLEY— DuII, steady; 28% C, c. I. f. Buffalo.
B.» RLKY MALl— Nominal. Western, 6O@bO~
WHEAT-Dull, firmer: f. o. b., 95c un
graded red. 83@9Jc; No. 1 Northern. BaV4@B»%c
( ptions closeu firm at 2Vs@2<ysc advance; May
and December most active: .No. 2 red January
86% c, March db%c, May 86Vic, November 86c.
December Bbc.
COKN— Spot, dull, flraer; No. 2, 29y 2 @295,4c
elevator; 80y 4 c afloat. WB A
Options dull, firm at 6/ B @%o advance. May
most active. November 293/.C, December 29 6/ R e
January . ts/ . May asy Be.8 c. ysCl
OATS— Spot, dull, firmer.
Options stronger. December 23 Vie May 26 We.
Spot prices: No. 2.22%0: No. 2 white. 25y«c- Jo,
2 Chicago. 24c: No. a. 23% c; mixed Western,
2J®24c: white do, 23©32 c.
Provision*.
LARD— Quiet, firmer. Western steam, 94 26
nominal: City. *3 75; December, 94 25. Refined
quiet; Continent. 94 46; Qouth American, 94 90*
compound, 4yjCg)46/ B e.
PORK— Steady, lair demand. New mess, *8@
8 50. ■ '■■■■■' • • /
BUTTER— Fancy, strong. Western dairy. 8(3
] 3c; do creamery, 13%@22c: do factory, 7®l°u-
Kleins. "»2c; imitation creamery, ioy a 16c -rolla'
10@l4c, -
CiiKESE— Part skims. 3%@4%c: full skims,
2%®6c.' . . •
EGGS— Quiet: choice, firm. Icehouse. 26%@'28c-
Western tresb. 22{£24c; do case, 92 26@5: limed"
16%@16c. , - . ■.-.', « « ,
TALLOW— Quiet, nominal- City, 3%c; country,
sy 33i3%c.3 3i3%c.
FINANCIAL..
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YOBK STOCKS.
. WhfcfcLOCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorfT St, TeL Main 1854.
___ _, • '-' ■■■• ' centra l orricJt
633 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel Main 6828.
Uptown Office— Bal J win Hotel (adjoining Grill
».>' Room). Tel Main 339.
PUBDY St ATKINSON Manager*. '
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
W. A CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS. NEW YORK STOCKS-
Fast Wire t»t. Une>aunl«>d Service.
STKICTLV COMMISSION.
Private and Bun* reieieiico- quoted on application
Office, 3^B Montgomery !»t .Bate ha o-.it Bid
lei. &uin 1 1 HI. - vat. e+ilur for I.adief
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, unsettled. Crude,
27% c: yellow- prime, 2 jy 3 c ■■-
RICE-Falrly active, Una. Japan, 4VB@4i^c.
AIOLASSEs— s eHd-.-. New Orleans, 25 <-34r.
COFFKE— Steady, unchanc>-(l to 6 points down.
Decf-mfcer. $9 '.>U@g 25: January, 49 25: March,
$9 3j; Peotember. $9 20(g)» 45. Spo. Rio dull,
steady. No. 7. luc
hUGAR— Quiet, stca'lv. Off A, 3%@4c: moM
A, 4iy a c: standard A, 43gc: confectiouer*' A, 4Vic;
cut .oaf. .c; crushed. &c; powdered, 45/gC; granu
lated, 4%c; cubes, 45/ B e.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B(pUlc.
I'J-AtHhi — Pet-iKi 14515 c: unnoAHvi, 709 c
PRUNES— Foursizev nominal, 5y B ©sVic
IST Two-crown. L. M., 4'ic: do 3-crown.
sVi@s^4c: do4-crown, 6% « ; London layers, new,
*1 4;i ai 50: do clusters, $1 75(0.1"; do seedless
MiisCKtel, & J/ofctGc.
Hops— Firm airly active. Pacific Coast, 8@
14% C
\\ OOL— firm. Domestic fleece, 16@23c;
pulled, 18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c
MerchHiidise.
PIGI RON- Fair demanJ. ' me'-.-. »ll@ia
1 OPPF.H-Qulet. L»k». Jll 30@ll 50.
LKAD-Firm. Domrsno. 3r*3 50
Tl>-Quiet. Fulls, «13«13 50; plates, talrly
active.
fc-P-KLTHK-Quiet. Domestic, 41 3 J>o4 25.
CHICAGO >I\I.KI.I\
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 23.— Uncertainty was evi
dent in the wheat market this morning Most of
the news was against prices, but the balls man
aged to evolve a lair measure of encouragement
from the prospect of a decrease In the visible sup
ply, '1 he final result of that statement showed a
reduction in apparent stocks of 1,037.000 bushels.
The world's shipments - for last week were ex
tremely heavy at 9,873,000 bushels Liverpool
cables were lower aid the amount on ocean pass
age sh wed an increase of 240,000 bushel-;. Re.
ceipts in the Northwest were light at 770 cars,
realim 12&9 last Monday and 1153 a year ago.
Chicago had 31 cars and inspected out 30.799
bush* Is. Prices opened easy, rallied again ami
lei: away. The English visit) c supply imreased
1.700.U0U bushes. Closing Con mental cables
were inegu ar. Export clearances were light at
118, -68 bushels. A (sharp bulge oi a cent took
place in the last hour, the strength coming from
unfavorable Argentine crop retorts. December
wheat opened Irom 75% c to 75i,4c. so d between
75Vsc and 77c, closing ut 76% c, %c hi her than
Saiimla.-. Kece pit for o- morrow b's cars. .No. 2
red spot wheat 86 %@ 8634c
COKX— At traced sc. v. attention and was, as
usual, quite neglected. L..w prices deteired sellers
and the big supplies menaced buyers. Wueat
• hanges ruled the rices of corn, through the
sympathy exist ng between the grains. tut there
was . no independence In*, the action.. . Keceii U
were 364 curs, and 49,156 bushels were taken
from >lorage. L verpojl rabies were quiet and
unchanged, "i he amount on ocean passage de
j creased 640,00 I bushels. Export clearances were
159 510 bushels. The visible supply decreased
46 •0j bushels. May corn cpeneu irom 28d to
| ■.6%c advanced to 2 14c, closing at 27i/B@27Vic—
j Vie hither than Saturday. Kslima.fcd receipts for
j to- morrow 45 cars
( OaT>— Were' dull, and by taking inspiration
I from wheat was iry steady, i.iceip'.s wer.- 230
cars, and 164.750 busUe.s were taken from stor
age. The visible biippiv decreased 651,001) bush-
I els. May oai» c.oseo i/ c higher. Estimated re-
I celpts for to-morrow are 270 earn.
I * LAX— Was llrai. Cash 7ti%c, December 75@
; 77c, -May, 80%@81c. Receipts ere 79 cars , ,
PROVISIONS— A firmer Lone existid and some
advance In prices occurred in .he provision mar
ket. This was due as much to the firm feel, ng in
wheat as to a higher nog market, ihe close wan
strong wi.b January por~ i7%c higher. January
■ iard 10@12%c higher and January ribs 7%c
■ hither.
BUITER-Owing to small off rings the butter
market was quiet to-day. he demand was good
ana prices were firm.
Creameries-Extras. 2lc f» lb: firsts. 10@20c;
Fecouus. 15 g,l7c: imitations, fancy, 12(£.4c
uairiee— Extras, 18c: firsts, 13i816c: se.ouds, 10$
lie. .Ladles — Extras. italic; firsts, b^s,- ■_,-.
packing block, b@«%c: grease, •.»,^.x: . toll
butter, li.il.c.
EGuS— business in this department was fairly
active and 1. rices were firm. The supply was
made the teal and inquiry good. Fresh slock 'Jlc
*?. dozen.
Mi'Ni.Y— Was firm at 6@7>.' for both call and
to 1 time loans. New York exchange sold at 60.;
premium.
Cloning Prices.
WHEAT— November, 77V*c; December, 76 /ic;
May. Bi>VsC
CORN— November. 23V 2 'a-236/ 8 c; December,
2 SB ■ 3 3 /*' ; May. 27y»-a27J(4c.
.November, iBV»c; December, 18% c;
May, 22c. • "
December, $6 6.J%; January, $7 72%;
May, $8 05. v
LARD— December, S3 85; January, #4 07%:
May, $4 30.
RlßS— December, $3 77%; January, #3 85;
May, $4 OS.
Livestock-
UNION .STOCKYARDS. 111.. Nov. 23.—Re
ceipts of cattle to-day were light. Choice sorts :0c
higher and other kinds steal y. 1 ha;ik»glving has
caused a very good weeK this week. Receipts of
hogs were light. Prices were firm aDd ssloc
hieher. Sheep were in light supply and firm. An I
advance 01 10 c waa noted.
CA'iTl.ls— KeceiDU. 16,000. i aner beeves. *515
@.*> 25: choice 10 Drime 1800 to 1700 th steers.
*4 80f<25 10: cood to choice steers. 1200 to 1500 a,.
S4 60,'«,* 75; medium steers. 1100 to 1250 lb. 9A 00
<&. 4 40: lair beef steers, 1000 10 1200 lbs. S'a 6U(qi
95: common beef steers. S3 50r<s3 75: cooa kl
choice stockeri and feeders, 900 to 1250 lb. ii bOA
i 0j: lair to good do. 500 to 876 tb. SJ bO-m
I 5 45: bolls, choice 10 extra, $X Ou(aJ3 76: bulls,
poor to choice. 91 90&..' 90: cows ana heifens
cnoine to prime, S3 su<u.-i 25; cows, lair to choice.
*■-' 40®3 40: cows, common to lair canners. $1 50
(gi- 25; calves, good 10 choice. 44 75(55 25;
calves, common to good, $i 75 ,4 70; Texas grass
steers, *2 65©3 65: Western range steers, »3 40
@4 00; Western range cows • ana heifers. $- 30
t0.5 t>o; milkers and sprinirers, •$ head. * -^.i(o,4u;
Texas fed steers. $.i 70® i 00.
iiOUs— Receipts. 23.000. Heavy pacxlna ana
(Dipping- lot*. S3 20.43 60: common to choice
mixed. $3 2O'<£3 50: cnoic* assorted, io -lUjj
160. iiKht, *i>2063 45: nig.i, *2 Wai 40
t-HKEP— Htccipis. 12,000. lllloftu. ul ' cboicw,
s2@3 25; lambs. «3@4 IU
Receipts* at Omaha.
6OUTH OMAHA. Xebr.. Nov. 28 -HOGS—
Receipt. 15 '<>. Market s@loc higher; light and
mixed, $3 2S@4 00: heavy, $3 15@3 25.
CATTLE — Receipts. 1500. >.arKet steady.
Steers. »3 25@i 80; cows. .91 25@3 15; feeders,
SHEEP— 1500. Market strong.
Keceiptk at Kansas ' City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo. Nov. 28— HOGS— Re
ceipts, 4500. Market opened strong: doting, ad
vance lost. LUht, *3 3U@3 40: medium.
• ■ -6@3 87^: heavy, $3 20*83 35; pigs. «2 80<^
3 05.
CATTLE— Receipts. 11.000. Market strons.
Native steers, best, *4@4 75; fair toirood. $3 15
@4 00: cows and beiiers, best, $2 90@3 35; fair
I to good. .*1 60@2 90: stockers and feeders, $2 60
@3 90: Texas and We« ems, 53 60@J 95; bulls,
$2 95@3*60: cows, $4 00@5 00.
j SHEEP— Receipts 110 J. Market steady.
NEW xOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, tnhanjfo, Jluney sad Railroad
Slinr»*«.
Moner on call easy at 2%©B*: last loan al.a 1 . 3%
and closing offered at 3%. I'nme mercantile pa
per. 6®sV4^. Bar Hiver. esi/ 8 i Mexican <Jo.l»rs,
60@50%c. Merlins Kxchan,.- strong, with actual
business in Cankers' bill* nr F4 fc2%f<£4 841/4 «or
60 cays and 94 fc6i,4ftt4 863 / ; for demand, lusted
rates. $4 b4@4 b". . Commercial bills, 94 82V4@
4 83^4- Government bonds firm: >>une oonda
dull: railroad bouua lower, uiiver at the board
was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Jim T« * CM>l«.. . . »0 I Norfolk & Wmtrn 11%
Atchinon ......... 14% Preferred.. 17%
Preferred 21% Northern Pact fla.. 15
Adams Express... .l4B Preferred. 25%
Alton. Terre Haute 68 ■ Northwestern 10414
' American Expresslll 1 Preferred.. ...... 14tf
AniericanTooacco. 76 N. Y. Central .... 847/«
Preferred 100y a N.Y., Chicago**!* 12%
FayStaieUas 103 /8 l Ist preferred..... 76
Baltimore <fe Ohio.- 17V2 Yd preferred 27%
Brunswick Lands.. IV* N. Y.& N. H.......180
Bnfialo. Koch ,tr. 11 N. Y. A New Kn*. 46
Canada Paclttc... 57 IN. V., Busq* W... 2U%
I Canada Southern.. 49 | Preferred. 2754
I Canton Land 60% Ontario. /..„ 9
Central PaciUc ls%lODtano & Western 16%
Ches. 4 0hi0....... *6<& Oregon Jmprovmai 1%
ChlcaeoAlton 160 j Preferred.. ..
Preferred.. ....... lt>6 Oregon Navigatloa 20
Chicago, B. <t Q.... 78% Oregon Short Lino. 15
Chicago K. JU... 40 Pacific Mall . 24%
Preferred.... .... 95 ] J eorla. D. & Evan* 2%
ChlcacoGaa 75*4 Pituburg & W. pfa 15
Clever Plttsbnr?.. lfO Pullman Pa1ace.. ..167
Consolidation CoaL 34 Quicksilver. 2 S
Coosolldated Uaa..l6tlVV Preferred. 10
C. C. C. <t su Luul* 30% Beadinr. . 80%
Preferred......... 82 KloGrande&WesW 15
Colo. Fuel & iroa.. 25% Preferred. .... '40
Preferred 70 Rock 151 and........ 69%
Cotton Oil Cert . . . . 1 4 % Rome Wat<£Oi(dea. 113
Commercial Cable. ISO !tt. L. &S. W.... . 4%
Dei. Hnd50n».....:1i7% Preferred. 10 V*
Del. Lack* Westrn. 169 Bt. Pant.. 765/«
Denver AR. 12% Preferred.. ..12b%
Preferred.. 43»/4 et. Paul <t Dolntla. 20
j C15U11er«.....v......— Preferred. HO
I General Electrto... 33V4 (m. Paul & Omaha. 42%
trie 158/ | Preferred......... 126
. Vreferrea.. ....... »6V4|Kt- P.M. AH . ill < !
Ton Wayne. 160 |Mlver Certificates. AWe
treat Kortnern pM 120 southern Paciflo... 16 -
tireen 8*y..... ....."t \, % bontnern H. 0..... 1 %
Harlem. 278 Preferred......... 2a%
Hocktnc C0a1...... enpar Refinery ....11
Bockln* Valley.... 17% Preferred. 102 •
1 Bomestake. ...... 34 I Ten n. Coal & Iron. 28%
B. & Texas Cent... Preferred. ..... J>o
Illinois Central... .. 94 Texas Pacific -- 9 3
lowa Central .8 • Tol.A.A.<fcN.Mlcb!— *
Prererreo 28 101.1 01. & Ohio Cent. 20
Kansas <fe Texas... ]»% Preferred. 60
■ Preferred. ......... 2H3 /4 |x o i.BuLoals*iL'c. 6 '
Kingston Pern... 3 1 Preferred. • -* 16
lake Erie A Wests . I*% Colon Pacltic"***" • 9%
Pretprred.r..;.7...7l IL. P. Den A Unix.. '. 2%
! LakeHnore.. ....... 151 r L. Coraac*....^ 6
1 National Lead 26 i Preferred. . . 11%
Preferred........ 80%; Guaranteed ..._ 28%
I ions 151 and..;..;.. 6>- .I . & Express. ..... 4:-> .
I Louisville * N'asii. 49% I. «. Leather.. . 10V4
; Lonlsvlllo. N»*JI» % Preferred. .. . 65Va
Preferred.. .....r. Z»4, C. is. Robber. .-■ 26\a
i Manhattan Consol. 96%! « Preferred. ' " . » 81 -
! Memphis A Char.i. 15 j V tlca <t H. River.. lso
! Mexican Central. ,. 8 | W «b. t.. I. <t i"ao . >\~ ■
I .V Icliiea Oiitrii . 90 I " Preferred.:;..*..-. iVie^k
jlnnri&ai- .V.V. — ■' I Wells-Farco. .... 95 -"
frcierrod — | Western Union.... Bb^»
THE SA]S FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
AilnD&Bt. licom. 19 - Wisconsin Central; .2 . '
Ist preferred..... 76 Wheeling A U ifi. . «Vi
preferred -46 Preferred. . 82%
>' lssotirt I'acina . 2-'". » Am Cottoa OUptd. 65%
Mobile* 0hi0... . 22 W. U. Beef... —
> ash vilie Chaw. ti7H! Ann Arb0r. ........ 9
Rational Unseed.. 16' • Preferred. 23
■N.J. Central 1O&V> Brooklyn 'l racuau. , 2l
JNfarUi. A.IUMTICMU... 6 I trie 'id ■ . 10
n r« ' nm bontc,
Ala Clan A «a 101 ' a >crthern Pao lsts.lls
DoClass 84, 65.. 101 Do2ds „..;. 116
Alabama. «a*» C. 96 DoSds.... . 78
Atcnison 45 78% l>o consoles.".". "64%
Do2ds A 41% oimprovement Ist 86
CanadaSouth2ds..lo4% Do 55.. ... 20%
Cen Pac Istsof '95. 101 ( X & N Ist*, 112
Cherokee 4a, 1893.103 ho :on<ol 6s .... 95
Do 1897 102 Or Short Line 65... 110
Do 1898..........102 Do cons 65........ 65
Do 1899.. 102 Fliafic of »7....102
Ches«onio 05....107 i li.la&, eadln? 4n. 88%
V N^ TrHc: - sss 4HI/ Do Ist rfdlncam. «9
DC3-655. 109 1 4 1 Grande West 74
Den A •'. G Ist 110% Iron Mt Gen 5» IS 1 /*
. Do 45..;........... 88 ti LA 8 F Gen ds. IOBV2
. . e!£a » ........... 6 * bt Paul Consols.... 28
AlJenCltylsts t>-lVa fci P CA Pa lsts...H6
l . H *»A* 91 , to Carolina 4%5... 100
Do2d i 5. ......... 99 fcouibernKKSs 90
Gen Klec Deb .. 91 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
11* lex Cent 65.. 10S Term new 35....... 78
Do con 100 1 exas Pacific Ist*. 88%
Central lsts.. 100 Texas Pacific 2ds. .' 22
hfcUbas Pa Consols 92% Union Pao ls:s 94101
f'" ■ »'» -L»«" <livll2 I V4s rec of 1. 125.119 V"
la 45....... 96 • J c 4s, coupon:...! 1 9 ••>
JUlwourl funding... !t K«.recof 1907. 109's
ai X 1 2da 58y i To 4s. coupon.... 110
*»?*•* 841/4 itVs !T..... 95
*!obile<fcOhlo 4a.. 68% J-t65.... ....113
A.BtualUnton«s...lo6 ' J 065. coupon.... 113
£ J Cent Gen 65... 1 18 \ • fnndlnr deot... 60
£*" «.<fe>t Louts 4slo3Vh loregl»l«red
NorAWHstUeti 65.116 J deterred 65...
a laroiluacon 4a,. 98% Do trust rcpta4t. s
. ■ L>o «»« 119 .Wauasn Ist 5a 106V4
ftorui west Consols. 139 V\ «st buoro 4a» . . . Isj 6 4
A**tM)o 6s 107 I
FOREIGN ; MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LIVKEPOOL.
LIVERPOOI, Exa., Nuv,;23.— The spot market
is dull at 7s sd. Cargoes dull at 355, prompt
shipment.
TUBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 He.l Winter: No
vember, 6s 6d; December. t>s-6Vid; January, 6s
6%d; February, 6s 4 d; March, 6s 6y a d.
SKCURITIES.
LONDON, Enc, Nov. 23. — Consols, 110%;
silver, 30d; French Kentes, 102f 623^c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 94 83%
sterling ExrhHnge. bight — 4 87
Ster:ing Cab. >-s :.... — 4 87%
New York i- xchan«e, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. . — lx%
Fine silver, %* ounce „. — 65V>.
Mexican Dollars 61% 52
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTIIKR GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were weak again yesterday
and business was quie er Spot Wheat showed no
change. Quoted at I 4 5(0,1 47 i 2i 2 for common grades
*1 51 ©i &2% for ay. rage No. 1, $1 63% for choice
and $166@1 57% for extra choice f r milling.
CALL BOARD HALES.
Informal Session--}»:15 o'clock— M«v— 000
ctls. $1 54: 6000, *1 54 8 : 14.000, 11 537/ : l^.tOO,
$1 6,;»/ 4 ; 'JO. 0, *1 6.-s^. 20,000, *1 53%: 40. '0,
$163S/ 8 : 10.000. f. 63%; jIO.OUO. $1 a3; 2000,
$1 6J» /4 -. 401.0, $1 52%- "'
BKOOXO mission— May— Sß.ooo ctls, «1 53»A
-8000, ♦; 53% '
HE«iri.An IIIIKMXII sksbion — May — 6'K)O
ctls. $1 54V4:-»O0O 1 $1 64y 8 ; "'OOO, *1 64; 2000,
f 1 63><^.
AFTKHXoox Session— Mav—l'ooo ctls, $1 53:
2000, 53y 8 : 2000, «1 63%: 2000. 53V4.
BAR EY — Exports irom mis port • urine the
first 10 months of the year were 3.189.500 cils,
probabiy he a test ever known. During the same
time in 1895 they were 1,231,600 ctls. T c ship
ment* tlii-i year ere valued at 82. 741.4' 1. against.
$1 0 9. £40 111 1895 and «9b2.560aud *^',4U4,0-7
for he same time in 1894 and 1893. '
Fumres are wealo-r. but tpoigram is unchanged.
We quote feed. 80@82%c; choice bright, 85c-:
Brewing, 90@95c; .no. 1 v ht-valier, $1 10&1 20 *A
Ctl.
CALL BOARD KALES.
Informal Bmhos- 0:1A o'clock -No sales.
Second session— May— 2ooo ctls, 92V*c- 2000.
92y 8 c; 12.000 9'2iAc
Rkoulab .Mokxinh Skssion— May— 2000 ctls
P'-Vse: 2000. 9i.'3/ a r.
aktebnoox tjKsaios— May — 2030 ctls, 92% c:
8000. ;*»V4 r .
•'A 1- — neceipts from O;den and the north
keep the market well supplied. White range
from .*1 10 to $1 "Ufl ctl, according to quality.
Black, tor :eed, £oc@sl 05: for need. $1 '.'uiHil 35;
Gray, nominal: Red, «i@l 10: Surprise, nominal.
CORN— Arrivals are still lar.e and the market
continues "yak. Large Yellow. hi i/ 2 @Ssc »; small
Round do, $1 B oil: White. 85@87i/2C
KYl— fl 07%@l 10 t> ctl.
BICKWUEii- $1 26@1 35 fi ctl.
FLOCK AND iULI.STCFFS.
FLOUR— Corn products are weakening in sym
pathy with ttie raw grain Net cash prices are us
follows: Family extras, 95@5 10: Jiakers' extras,
94 9l>@s; superfine. 94 l.'@4 t», bbl.
COK.^MKAL hlt'.-l eT-.| « orn. 918 5 @19«
ton; Cracked C m. *19 :,0i0,20 j4 on.
MII.L-rUlFS— Prices iv sacki are as follows,
usual discount to tt:e rade: Grutiatn Fi our, 92 85
T- 100 lbs: Hye I lour, >fl 75 lUO lbs; Rice t our.
*5 75: ( orum-al, * 35; extra cream do, $3:
Oatmeal, 93 50. Oat (ir .ats, *4: Hominy, 93 ..0
fO)S 30; buckwheat Flour, tH -f><g.X ft(); Cracked
Wheat, 93 50; Karma, 94; Whole Whea: Flour,
93; Roiled Oats (bb!s), 96(ft6 40 Pearl Barley,
*3 75(^4; bpiti Peus, 93 50; Ureen do, $4 25 »i
100 Ibi.
HAY AND Jf'EKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 9I4@U 60 for the best and $13@13 50
ton for outside brands.
MIDDLING-— Slß@l9 .for lower grades and
919 50@20 60 %>. ton for the best. -
FEEDSTUFF.--— Roiled Barley, 918©1B "& ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, *23 %* 'ton; jobbing, 9^4
-clipped OatH, *1 ;io@l 3j V ctl. .-
HAY— Wheat, *8(a;ly 50; Wheat and Oat, *7@
10: Oat. f6(gJ9: Barley. *7©B 50; River Barley.
Ss<&6 50; AI alfa. 95 60@6 50: compressed, &ii(<&
9 60; stock. 95®6; Clover, 96@8 a ton.
STRAW— 3S@SOc %* bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDS.
BEANS— Bay os and Pinks are firm, but the
other kinds are dull and rather wea*. Rajos, 91 35
@1 50: Small Whites. 91 20@l 40: Large Whites,
91 15@1 35 9 ctl; Pinks. 91@1 10: Reds, 9120
ai 30; Rlackeye, «I@l 25; JLed Kidney, 9* 60:
Llmas,9l Bu@£; Butters. 91 40©l 70; Pea, 91 25
($1 4 j f^ oil.
SKh 1)>- Brown Mustard, 92 75®3: Yellow Mus
tard. 92 10@2 25 •$ ctl: Flax, 91 3a<»l 40 Canary
Seed, a%(§»j3 / 4c '%t a,; Alfalfa, 6%®6%c; Rape,
2%c; Hemp, 3^c.
9i IJ 4O@i D^y A cir xllea ' <I@l ls * ctl; Green
POTAXOtS, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The market is doing better. Sweet
Potatoes, 75c 14 ctl In sacks and 75c@91 25 in bxs:
Early Roso, 40@50c; River Reds, 40^50c; Bur
bank Heeallngs, 25@35c for Rivers and 40c<o,$l «i
a I for Salinas.
ONIoN-s— Are higher and firm at 45@55c » ctL
VEGETABLES — Summer kinds are ttlnj
scarce. Mushrooms are quotable at 6@loc » Ib
for common and 12%@16c "$ lb for buttons-
Marrowfat >quash, 94@d %« ton: Egg Plant. 30
(q,4oc f» box; Tomatoes, '25@50c; cucumbers
40@60c: (ireen Peppers, 26«50c large bx: Dried
Peppers, 7(ai>: y. Ib; Green Peas, 2%@4c: taring
Beans, 4@sc * Ib: Ore. n Okra. 40@60c
V box: Di ted Okra. 10@12%c $ tb, Cabbage
50c fi ctl; Carrots, So©4oc *4 hack: Garlic, I%@
1 *.c f? Id.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— VaIues remain unaltered, but the
market is easy on account of the rain.
Cbkamkby— Fancy, 26@26c; seconds, 23@240
¥ lb ."•■■-• ' , ■
Dairy— Fancy, 22@'23c: itood to choice, 2oa
Sic: .ower crudes, 15ftul8c ¥ tt>.
I'SCKLKD- 16® 18c 1* tb.
Firkin— )s@l7' V Ib.
' KKAM RY 'I 18-IW* 19C ?* Ib.
CHEiSE — Choice mild new is quotable at
l]@l2c; common to good pld,fc@loc: Cream Ched
dar, Ij@l2c: Young America. n%@l2%c: West
ern, HV2®l2%c: Eastern, 12%(gu;>%c %* tt>.
Ko«i! — Are firm at the quota ions. Eastern, 20®
Vi e 1* dozen for fair to choice; 25@27%0 a
dozen for taniy and 17%@18%c for roid-s:ora.e
ranch Eggs, 25@30c for pulleu 7 , 34@36c for small
to medium ana 37%@40c for fancy; cold-storage.
22%@24c; Duck Kg ,s, 25c. Bl
FOVLIKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— few dressed Turkeys that came
In yesterday went off well at the advanced prices,
and live Turkeys were also higher. Prices for the
Thanksgiving trade will depend largely on the
weather, which is unfavorable at the moment
being wet and close. • •.'■ ■. - ....
■' A car of Eastern sod at 13% cor live Turkeys,
91 60 for Geese, 9£@s 60 for Hens, *6 2.':@5 60
lor young Roosters. ¥6 for old Boosters and *.< 75
for Fryers. • " . ; ■ ■ . ■ , . - . . ■
Live Turkeys, 14@16cfl Ib for Gobblers, 14@15c
Ib for Hens; Dressed »urt;e s, 16@17c; Geese
%* pair, 91 60; Vo» Ings, 91 60@J; Sucks. *3 50
@4 for old and 94@5 for yonn. ; Hens, 94@6 ft
duz: Roosters, young, 93 60®4 60; do, old. ~s4<gl
4 60: Fryers, 93 25©3 50 i.roUers, S3 25@3 50
for large and 9- 50@3 for small: Pigeons, 9 1 25©
1 50? dozen for young aud 76c for old.
i.A.Mi — spoiled Quail ere coming In and
have to sell tor what hey 1 will brlnz. ! Good Quail
are quotable at 91@1 12% r dozen; Mallard,
f 4@4 5 1 dozen; 1 knvasback, S3@o: Sprig, 9.'ft»
8. Teal, 92 50<gt8 dozen: Widgeon, 1 92: Small
Luck." 91 60: English snipe, 91 o0: JacK Snipe.
76c: Hare, 76c@91; Rabbits, 91 26@1 50 for Cot
tontails and 91 for small: Gray Geese. «2 60@3;
White Geese, 75c@91 V! 6; Brant, f 1 60@l 75.
UEC.DCOUS AND , CITKUS rKUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Pomegranates. 60@76c fl box.
Apples, 85c@91 ~H box for choice, 91 25 for fancy
Rp , :is@6Sc for common: Eastern, 93@3 25 ■£ bbl.
Pears, 25@tf6c V box: • Inter Kellis, 76c@91 25.
PerMmn-.ous, 60(0,75.- 9 box.
BKHRIES—
tranberne* from Cape Cod Hre in rather bettej
supply hi «B@9 f 1 bbl ; from Coos Bay, 92 50 fi box.
Mrawberries— None in.
Raspberiles-None in.
OP.APK)s— Hl*her prices are being obtained, as
the rain ■, are cutting the crop short and receipts
are much smaller Tolcays' 40fflf>0c; Black Grapes,
40@50c box: Verde s, 40@65c 1* box:Corni
chous, 4o@bOc; Musca'- art- out al the moment,
Grumes 11 crates bring 10@16c more than in boxes.
CITRUS FRUIT»— Five cars Oranges came in.
but the demand was fair ami prevented a br.a..
New Navel Oranges. »3@4 3& ? box: Seedlings
*1 50@2 5 ); Lemons fife. 5 • for common and *2
6*2 60 box for Boo'd to choice: Mexican Urn*-*,
*3 50(§;4 50; California Llm---. 60@75c: Bananas,
*I@2 f* bunch-. Pineapples. 9'2<34 %* do*.
1 » 1: 1 I 1) FRUITS, RAISIKS. NUTS, ETC.
DBIKD FRUITB— ,
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows : . ....
Cabload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Jtoorparks; Prunes, "%c or th<- 4 sizes; Peaches,
4®5%c for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy and
9@.ocfor peeled In boxes: /• ppie*. 5%c %i Ib for
evaporated and 2@2 V»c for sun-dr ed Pears. 2%
@5c for prime to cho cc, 4@5VaC for quarters 1 nd
6@6%c for halves; P urn*. 4c for pitied a- d l%c
for imputed; Nectarines, 3i / .i@4 1 /8 C for choice and
s%c!or fancy; White Figs, ac; Blactc Figs, 2%
@a%c.
Jobbing Pricks— Peache*. 4%@5%c 9 Ik:
fanc> . 6y2@7V«c a n>: peeled, 1-V 2<2 < i» lb: Apri
co.s, 6%@y- ■# n,: fancy. 10c; Moo:parks, 12®
13c; evapora<-d Apples, * *•*<■: sun-dried. i34@3c:
Prunes, 83/4 @4c 101 the 4 sizes: Figs, black, be for
unpressed and :-i@3i^c for pressed: white - Fiirs,
4c: Plums, 4V>@sc for pit:ed and l%c for un
pliteU: Nectarin.-s, 4@6c ? tt> for prime to lancy;
Pears, 2%@5c for whole. 4%@3%e for quarters
and 4%@6%c for halves.
KAl~*l.\\ —
CxsiiOAD Prices, r. o. b. Fbk'SO- Four-crown
loose. '61/^e; 3-crown, 4 Vic: 2-crown, 3Vi c : seed
less Sultanas. Si/fee; seeill^ss Muscatels, 4V*c: 3
crown Londo 1 layers. ?-l 15; clusters, *1 50:
Dehesa clo-ters. $2 60- Imperial clusters, $3:
dried Grapes, 3c $ B».
Jobbing Pricks— sax Francisco—
loose, 684.0: 3-crown, 4SAc: 2-crown, 33/ic; seedless
Sultanas. 684 c; seedless Muscatels. «%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 25: .clusters, $1 60; Dehesa
clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, «3 25.
NUT>— Chestnuts quotab.e at h@loc: Walnuts,
6%@7c lb lor gander: and 9@9%c Ib
for sot'tsh .1: Almonds. 6@6%c for Langutiloc,
3@3%c for hardshell and b.aac for paper-shell,
jobbing; Peanuts, 4@tic for Hasten and 4c for
California: i.ickory .Nuts, s@6c 18 lb: Pecans
7%(SBc ft,; H;b*rts. 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7V3®Bc: ocoanuts, 4@.'ic%« li/O.
. -\EY- Comb. 1 QISVfcC for brleht and s@9c
for lower trades: wat*r- a hit- extracted, 5(&5%c:
light amber ex ructed 4iA.'al*i<--; dark amber. ■.©
2 c; dark, 2&3( « ft. •
BEJSs\VAX-23®:6c %* lb.
PROVISION'S.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ?itt) for heavy, 7c
Vlb for light medium 9%c for light. 10c lb for
extra light and 11%0 9tb for suß»r-cured. Kast
ern ' sugar-cured Hams, 13@13%c: California
Hams, ii(g)li.%c; Mess Beef. i7«p7 60; extra
mess do. $B@H 50; family do, $9@9 50; extra
prime PorK, $7 60@8: extra clear. $16 ?i bbl;
meis, $14 %♦ bbl: SniokeJ Btef, 10<- «* lb.
LA Eastern, tierces. Is quoted at 6c for com
pound and 6%@7c for pure: paO* 7%c * tb: Cali
fornia tierces, 6@5%c %t lb for compound and 6*4 c
for pure; balf-bbis, /4 c; 10-lbtlns. 7 Vies do 6-lb,
7 Vie V lb.
COTIOi.BNE— 6V4@6%c In tierces aud 73,i@
8y 8 c in 10-0> tins. -
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers. 8@
B%c; culls and brands, 7@7%c; me<ilum, 7@7%c:
culls and brands, "6&6% c; light. 6@6%c; culls
and brands, 6@5%c; Cowhides. 6@6Vsc: culls ana
brands, B'(tsu,Ci salted Kp. 6©."c: .salted Calf,
7@Kc: salted Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 13c * lb:
culls ana brands. 10c ~& Ib:dry Kin and Veal. 10c:'
culls, BO f tti: nry Cull, 16c; culis. 1- c: Goatskins,
til (oihSc <-nrJi; Kids, sc; iH-ersWins, goo., summer,
20@25c !t>; medium. ].ri(42oc;. r i(42oc; winter, 7(u.'Jc;
sneeps^ins, Hhear.'inss. 10@.5c each; shirt wool,
2(.Ya35c each; medium, 40(a..)0i- each; long wools,
6 (0.60 c each.
1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 8c; No. 2, 2%c H
! lb: refined. 6V4C: Grease. 2c "0 tt>.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool: Humboldt and
! Menrtoclno. Saac r" lb: frf-e northern. 7%®8%c;
middle conn les, fiee. 6%@7c; do. oefetilve, 4%
@6c; Joaquin, SA5c; do. toothll , 6@7c; > a<t
ern r^gon sprlnit. 7%@Pc: Valley O.egun, 11%
@12y 2 c; do. fall and ».iubs', ll@ll%c.
HOP— b@loc "f- lb for fair to cboice, and 11(»
"12% c for i»ncy.
OtNEKAL HA" DISK.
Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, «4 10@4 15:
San Quentln, $4 20: Wool Bays, 2i%fts26y 3 c:
Fruit Bags. 5%@6c
COAL— Wellington, f8 "$ ton; New Wellington,
*8 i* ton; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60 V. ton;
beanie. $5 50(g.6: Bryant, .«..:■ 50: Loos Bay. $5:
Wailflcnd.- *6: .-scotch, : Br ,:,i>o, : v um
berland, .f 13 jr', ton in bulk ai.d $ .4 In Bits j Peunsvl
vama Anthracite Egc. $lir^'.2 r 1 tun; Welsh An
thracite, S8@10: Cannel, »B.<iß 10: >:■ ck -pritigs.
Cnstle C«me and Pleasant vallcv, (7 60; Coke,
$11 -i 12 in bulk and $13 ft ton in ska
BLQAii — The Western >u r -nr •>< -fliiinc Cox.pany
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6c:
l'owder»d, 6%c: Flue Crushed, 6c; Dry Grauu
laied, 4ygC: Confectioners' A, 4%c: >l;-.!;nolia A.
4' 3 Kx>ra C, 43 8 . ; 1 .old -ii C, .-1/4": half barrels
'it more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET,
Wholesale rat >s for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are an follows: -\ *
BK ■ F— Choice, s%ic: first quality, sc: second
do, 4@4%c: third do. S%c V It..
VJS.AL— Large, @sc; small, 6@7c t< Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@5%c; Ewes, 4@Bc
LAMB— s@6c -f>. lb.
PO UK— Live Hoes, 81/i@S3/ a c 9&> for large and
medium and 3V4@33/s tor small; drtosed do, 4
&sV*c V lb. , '•■
KliCiilPTS OF J'KODUCE
FOR 24 HOURS
Flnnr. or •*•» ,9023 Butler, ctls 17
Washington.... 6.064 ■ Cheese, ctls... . 13
Whp8(,c.i«...... 97,3t4 . Keg*, doa... . . 180
■ Washington... 4.41? Hides, no 612
Parley, 6.01 61 Pelts, bdls 605
Oats. ctM ...... 1.100 Wine, gals 45,660
Washington... 5.680 Wool, tun 314
Eastern 4.040 Sugar, bb15....... 2,857
Corn, ctli 3,9 ■ I. phi her, r0115.... \ dl
Eastern ....... 4SO ; Kaislns, boxes.. 2.025
Beans, sics _ I,2mm Tallow, ctls 149
Potatoes, sks.... 3,776 ' Lime. obis. * 81
Onions, 5k5...:.. 2u Alfalfa Seed, sks 151
Bran. »ks 297 Quicksilver.dso 96
Middlings, sks... '497 Lumber. M teak. 30
liay, t0n5........ 396
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James Stevens to Sarah K. Stevens, lot on N line
of Fell street, 165 W of Laguna, W 27:6 by N 120
-glf-
t G. Gerrard (wife of William J.) to Lewi*
C. Nora roni, lo\ on W line of Pierce street. 62:6 S
of Filbert, S 25 by W 112:6: $10.
Edward McGlnnis IO Mary C. < ollins (wif» of R.
J.), lot on W line of Harrison a reet, 175 S of
Twenty-fourth. S V 5 by W 1 12:6: 9lu.
Ernest and Ida ''liman to I.dward J. Bowes, lot
on W line of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), 185 S of
Tuentv-fourtl", S \tb by W 123: 9iO.
Henry Heker to Ellzn Beker. lot on NE line of
Grove avenue, 300 BE of Harrison street, SE 25
by NE 112: gift.
Alexander and Annie Dijeau to Angelina Dljeau,
lot on SE line of Brannan street, 105 6W of S>ix:U
street, hW 25 by Sh 75 $10.
Charles Enn to Edward Christ, lot on E line of
Thiny-slxth avenue, 226 a of A street, S 25 by E
1.0; 910.
Kdward Christ to John Best, same; $10.
F. W. Spencer io R. T. Ross, lot on X line of
Fony-sixlh avenue, 200 Hot I street, S 25 by X
120. 91i>.
I'iirih lan and Clara Bendlxen to Jacob Hey
man. lot on E line of Fourteenth avenue. 300 Sof
J Street, S 75 by X 120, quitclaim deed: 910.
John W. and Annie L. Wricht to Jihiipi and
Katie Jordan, lot on W line of Forty-firs; avenue,
260 N of O street, N 2 > by W l' 20: 910.
t rank Marspti.s to Mary A .Mngne. lot on E line
Of Mistion Si reet, 275 S of China avenue, s 25 by
E 83:6. portion of lot 2, block 2, Excelsior Home
stead Association; 91 </.
ALAMKDA OOUKTY.
Ernestine Roos to Leon Bine, lot on NE corner of
Thirty-second »nd t'nion streets, IS 58:3 by N
100, beiag portion of lot 1, b:ock 678, Watts
iract, Oakland; 95.
Leon and llenrlette Rlne to Hlmon mid Bodll
Monk, lot on N line of Thirty-secoiHl street, 30:3
E of Union, E .8 by N 100, being portion of lot 1,
b:ock 678. same: »10.
Elmer and Clnra L.Welsh to Marr J. Cull, lot
on bE lineor C sir et, 3)0 -W of Fourth, SW 100,
SE 35t;, N 133:4. SW 272 to beginning, Hay
wards. Eden Town hip: 9.0.
F. & and John p. Berna to Philip Kolb, lot be
ginning at «Kc->rnerot lands of A. H. Berual on
N side of Rose avenue, thence N 96, E 390, S 96,
W a9o, to beginning, benn : lie west three-quar
ters of lots 14 to 21 of Louis Castro's survey of
Rose avenu?. beln£in town of Pleasanto.i, Murray
Mownsiilp 9i790.
»dam F. auu Idah E. Gunn to William R. Davis,
lot on H line of i'rospect avenue, 70 W ut Summit
street, W 6 by N 150, Oakland: $350.
San Frauriscii Mutual Loan Association to A. E.
Bolton. lot on N line of Blake g: reel, 150 E of Fu -
ton, X 60 by N 135, being lot 16, bio k 1454,
Blak* Tract. Maps 1 and 2. Berkeley. 95.
Enza E. Rideout to Annie M. Willis, undivided
half interest in the S 50 feet of lot 25. blocc I),
Map of portion of Berlce ey property, Berkeley ;
grant. * *
William A. and Llllie Clark to William A. Ris
tenpart, lot on s line of Bancroft way, 100 W of
Fulton. * *0 by W 30. being the W 30 eet of lot «,
block 14, College Horuesiead iract, Berkeley; 910.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a strong tone to Comstock shares on
the afternoon call and prices rose somewhat, as
will be seen. The close was still higher.
The savage and Potosl delinquent sales take
place to-day.
The 1 aclfic Coast Borax Company has declared a
dividend of 95 per share.
Additional reports from the mines are as fol
lows:
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000 level, west cross
cut 2 from the south drift from the shaft station is
In 197 feet. Th* face Is In porphyry showing clay
seams. In the old Central ; tunnel workings of the
Ophir, from the crosscut running west , from the
drift run north wes. erly trom the Mexican snait,
56 feet above the s!ll floor of r his level, they have
removed 60 tons of ore Irom ore stored In the
crosscut to the surface ore bins, -ssaying 9.<5 74
per ton per mine car assay. ■':• No advance has been
m .de in the prosp<ciine drift during the week
from this tunnel, as the men were engaged in re
mov. ng the or» above mentioned. J- '*i ;•.- •.■ . *:"•' - fe w
In the Uale A Norcross mine . (Oomstock work
Ings), on the 900 level they have carried up up
raise 2 7 feet: total height 37 feet: the top is In
porphyry and Rtringers of ore. Have connected
this ujj.alse with th<? uorth slope from upraise 1,
1100 level; advanced the east crosscut from ihe
bottom of the winze 14 fee.; total length 20 feet;
face Is in porpliyry. No ore was extracted during
the past week.
Cox. Cal & V a.. Best A Belchkb and Gocld
A i. übbv (Brunswick lode)— Shaf. 2, 300 level—
Kast crosscut 1, started from the s.ation. was ex
tend d 37 feet, passing through porphyry and
quartz, total length 93 feet. Tunnei— The main
tunnel has been extended 16 feet, o ssing through
porphyry and qu >rtz, to:al leugth In Best A
Belcher eroun 1 116 f*et. West crosscut 5, which
wks started 800 feet from the mouth of the tunnl.e
was advanced 12 feet, otal enuth 157 feet, face
in porphyry ar;d stringers of quartz. The joint west
crosscut on in- Best A Belcher souh boundary
has been advanced 6 feet, passing thr ugh poriibyry
and quartz, tola: length 88 feeu
Hale a Norcboss (Brunswick lode)— i-haft 1 —
The shaft has been sunk 11 feet on tbe Incline,
passins throuith footwall rock; total depth 715
fei-U 400 level — No. 1 east crosscut, started from
the station, was turned southerly and advanced
47 feet; total length 6H feel: face in porphyry
mid stringers of quartz. Advanced No. 2 e*st
crosscut, started Vt feet from our south boundary
in ma n south drift, 16 feet; total leniith 92 feet:
continue to cut stringtrs of qumz: thefaceii in
pon hyry. Started a nortn arift from this cross
cut 6b fee from the main south drift and extend
ed .he same 21 fee:, following a siringer of q ariz
assaying from $9 to *40 per ton; face vow in por
phyry and stringers of q.artz.
Chollab (Brunswick lode)-Shaft I— The shaft
has been sunk 11 fe 1, passing through the foot
wall; total depth on the iucline, 715 feet. 300
level— Have advanced east crosscut 2 75 feet
south of • ast crosscut 1 34 feet; total depth 64
f*et. The face is iv porphyry and seams of quartz.
Ar* worKing on the third floor of the upr*ls ■ Ihe
ore continues of about the same width and quality
asailastreio U 400 level-Have advanced ihe
main sou h drift 60 feet; total length 143 feet: the
lace is in porphyry and stringers or quartz which
give low assays.
1'.0 A.. 1 » SAjuKSL;
rptiowTns; were the bale* In the San Francisco
*tcck Board yesterday:
JtKOrLAB MORKINo SWWTOX. T>MMICVOrW«» 9:80.
200 Alpha 081200 Chllar.. . 1.901100 P0t051....77
100 Belcher ...V9 200 .. i.95 100 7B
200 BAB 80 800 G&C 66 20 J Sa vase... s2
100 Ca1eda....09100 H&N...1.10 50 ......»...:51
)00 Cliallge...S3 Mexcn... so'loo 3 Nev...62
100 CC&V...1.70 100 Ophir... 1.20 U1an.. ....08
AFTK.RXOON SKBSIOV— 2:3O. ..
400 Eelcner...3LM>oCC&V...l.6s:3ol P0t051. ...84
100 il «tii.....8020J C P0im....29;>00 ....-83
&U0 8u11i0n.... 1.1 <*> ) HA C 68 SOU Savage.. .54
25J Chains... .34 150 59100 » St ...... 52
45 > Choir. ..1.95 101) H&N... 1.10 150 V Jaci4i-.34
100 a.OO
lollowlnc were the ba»u lntha Pacific Stock
ltkru yesterday : : •
Kron.Aß »TWTnx— 1 n :^l.
200 A1nna....08!250 Ch0ir....]. 93 400 ODhlrl.2'JJ 2 .
200 Aim 06.^00 .1.5 6 2011 Ovrmn....ob
260 Andes.... 18:600 _2.00 70 1 POlOll 76
61)./ Belcher... C Imp 01 800 78
400 .2U'500 0£ -'01/ .79
600 31 .100 CrwnPt..27 200 80
I 100 B &8.... 79200 Excnqr ... 02 -...><l
200 81 -'00 ii&V . 56 120U bava.e..6S
300 80000 57 500 Scorpion. .04
300 8u11i0n.... 3 600 HAN. ..1.1 5 900 88<fcM.,.12
300 14200 Justice.. ..Ob SOU .->Nev 62
200 Caleda.... 09 400 Kentuok..Ov 30 » union... ..49
10< CtiallKe...33 20U mm 52 200 Utah 08
100 ..Jl4 400 63!30tl V JC1.....33
40 1 «.CV....1.70;-00Occd 26900 ...84
60 Confl «5;100 ....24' •
AITFKVOOX SFSSIOV— ?:3"\
ion Alt>ba... -09*00 CC&V..I.7Oi!sOU 0vrmn....08
600 11 100 1.67% 3uO. 09
100 Alta 07 10J Conn .... 9.» 30J Potost 78
200 Andes 1* 300 C P0int.. .30 100 79
400 20100 ...........311300 81.
30! l Belcher.. .3- «00 326 J0 84
160 31 20U U &C.....67 400 85
200 BAB. 80 200 .88 3UO . 86
600 84 >00 ;..69 20« (Savage.. .64
100 Bodle 61' 800 .....6('iUo -....56
800 8u11i0n.... 14 30 H<EN....iy B iioo ....- 65
160 13 .00 Mexican ..t»i 25 J i^Nev 61
200 ...........15 10'J 6^l^oo Union.
100 8u1wer...43 200 63 tOJ U'-att "7
500 Cha11ge...34 100 Mono leiOO 08
15 •> Ch0ir. . .1.9.'. 200 Ucc1dt1....26 i 200 09
: 600 2.00 60'J 0uh1r...1.2!i .0/ YJ»C*«I..34
200 2.06150 .........1.20 200 __36
CLOSING OIOI'ATIONS.
MONDAY. Nov. 23-2 p.m.
Jill. A "1-t \ - Bt(LA*>c«*.
AtphnOtm. ... 07 08 Jackson a* 40
Alta., 06 07 Julia , — D 6
Andes. 19 3l Justice. — 09
Belcher 31 , 3b Keuluck....... 02 03
Eest A Belc&er 82 - 83 :,ady Wash.... — 13
Lemon Con.. . — . II Mexican 68 64
Bodie 60 M0n0...; 15 —
Bullion 12 14 Nevada Queen. — 04
1iu1wer.. ........ — 40 Uccldou:aU 25 26
Caledonia. 09 10 ophir 1.20 1-3"
Chollar 195 2.00 Overman. — 10
Con.Cal<&Va...l.«S 1.70 f0t05L..... 84 «6
aliened Con. 35 36 -ax-ace... 64 66
Con. Imperial. 01 0^ scorpion 02 —
Confidence 95 97 -eg. Melcher... 12 13
Con New York — Oi syndicate ...-. 02 —
Crown Point... 29 33 Mlver Hi 11.... - 12
KaslSlerraNar — 14 sierra Nevada. .".2 5M
i.urt-kacon.- 25 — Union Cou 60 51
Exchequer — iv Utah.'.'.'..'..' — 09
L.ouia * Curry. 68 S9 VcUuwaitck*. ' 34 35
U^.io..\uic«.l 10 1.15
COLO Bli-Ni-v^r KXCHASOE.
300 Lockwood Con 1 V 6
300 do do 27
1 00 savannah 46
SIOCK AND BOND KXCHAN6K.
MONDAY. Nov. 23 -3 P. It.
rNITKn STATES BUNDS.
J.ff. 4i*w BUL AtkeA.
ÜB4«eOTp..H" — UScsreg... — 107%
Do new issue J 191 ' 2 —
MtmjKLLA.NEOrs bonds.
Cal-»ICW*M HO — ifurßnUMli, — . —
Cal ElecL6»l2s - Do 2d I* St.,. — .-,. —
CmraCWSt 9-:'., 9"%|PAORr9«. — JIB
DDnt-stex-co — 9"!V*iP<tCri Ry3». 95 —
li^nl.Al'tfil.S 127 J'wl-st RRBI — 118%
I&IUKKSI — . 109 Kpno, Wi^fcLi - 106
(ieary-slßss. 100 — tacto PAL. — 100
Los An* L Hi. — 100 1 MAN PR 99 T. 100%
Do(iateed3« — 103%!(>PRRArUit 93% U6V«
Mkt-stCbleosl2o — KPRRCaItSt. 110 —
DoßyConos.. 105%105y«'bPRRCftl5». — 100
Nat Vin6s is: - 100 IfePßrßCaiai 96 97
NevCNgß7*.loo - hVWatertts.. 118 120 '
NP C RR61. 100 - tV Water**.. 99 9i>%
N By Cat 61 101%104 Mkisn.tKlj — lu2 '
R> Cal 6s. — 90 bunstTAXtt*. — —
o&kGa*ss.. — 104 buuer-»'-U*>. 1093,1 —
U>W 1* as H)t;r. lo7i._, VlaaUaWCO* — —
OUilllbUa w Ht) 119%
WATKB STOCKS. ■
Contra Costa — s>o |^anjo»e _ _
*anuU>.... 49 - |Sprn»VaU«y t7% 68%
B*S STOCKS. : . ,
Capital — i 5 Pacina Llrti 49 49%
CentraL. 95 - I San tfrancaoo 97% 98
OaiUL«ftlt — 54 |blocj£UMi..... — Mi
f«c baaJUup. 88% 8»V4!
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFrtl62%lßo |^n-. ... • — _ . .
COMMEHCIAI, BANK STOCKS.
Amerß*TC - . - London a. 126 128%
Anclo-Ca1.... 54 69 London&sV. - 80
Bank of Cal.. 240 Merch Ex... \i —
i;al ud<&TCol(>7%llo Nevada — —
tmi.Stiu.iom. 180. 18b |SaU»er aoa. — — •
HAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
Per w*tiCo. 1800 -. 1500 bav&Loao.. — 106
HuDih!S&L.IIUJ — fcecurUj-. 250 —
Mutual. — 40 l'rius.77tJ —
b*B*vUalon — ■ 640 .
hTRKir BAILROAD STOCKS.
California... -107 110 Oak Similar — 100
Ueoryst. — 50 Presidio 5% —
ilaxKut-M.... «81/ i 44 Sutter-it. — . -*
PUWDKB STOCKS.
Atlantic T»... — - |GiantCoa.... 22 2214
Eastern D... 72Vi — |Judson I>.. — - —
Cailloxnia.... 70 100 iVUrartt... . 762 85c
MISCKLLANEOUS STOCKS.
AtaMcafKrv 97 — iNatVlnCo.. — —
BlknCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19% 24
Cal Cot MUli — — Pac Aux _ 4
Edison L!«ht 124% 126 PacßoraxCo. 95 —
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roll MM — —
GerLeadCo. SO 100 Part Pal ntLO — 7
HawCibSCa. l>»Vs 19 PacTrxusCo. — , —
nutrhSi'Ca 26% -jfti 4 lao T& I' Co. — —
MerExAssn.loo ilu Sunset TJtl\ .. — . ■ —
jj i.it»c lAjikt — 4% UulteU COi*. — —
SALKS-MUK-MNU bJCII3IOjr.
Po»rrt—
35 Giant Powder Con. 22 00
11-5 do do „ 2175
-So Hawaiian Commercial. ............ 18 50
200 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 25 00
20 Market-st Rallwav AS 60
91000 Market-st Ry Con 5* Bonds. .... 105 7&
: 15 Pacific Lighting 49 00
25 SF Gaslight.. »7 75
66 Contra Costa Water 30 00
50 Ulant Powder Con 23 00
.' BALO-ArTItIt.NUOV sISJIOi. ' '.•
Fonrrt—
. 10 Alaska Packers' Association.. ■ 97 00
i 25 Edlsou Light A. Power Co . 124 60
170 Giant Powder Con. 22 00
200 Hutchlnson 5P0a........ ..:.....„ 26 12%
50 do do. h 2............. 25 20
91000 OaKland Gas Bonds, 2d. 106 75
.16 SV Water «8 00
UUmi — ' ' . ". . ':.■
6a V w»tH..;;..;.....;..^..;j..^i.:. 68 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PA LACK HOTEL.
J F Beede, Boston J A Jones, Bay City
J W Bartlett, Boston J N~ Urettn, S V
H M 'i erington. Carson Mrs J N* N T
A L Barher, N V Mrs Barb»r. N V
LDL Barber, X V Miss Barber, S V
Bertha Barber, NY A B Armstrong, Angels
W T Kliis Jr. MarysviUe Miss Loie Fuller, L Ansjs
C P Adams, Blrmlnuhm Mrs Fuller, Los Angeles
B P j-wrtt Los Angeles C H Phillips, San Jose
Col. X Eyre Aw, Menlo Miss Kyre, Menlo Park
Miss Bradbury, L Anels Miss L Bradbury. L Ang
Miss Version, L Angeles J X Tobln A m, Brooklyn
A P Oreen, Bosion G H Whit-, Boston
W J Magner, Oregon W C Hamilton, Gold Hill
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C G Runyon, Brooklyn W E (iermairu-. Brooklyn
A H Anderson & wf, W G H enrich. Phlla
Bock Springs T U Mac , Phila
G L Lewis, l'nlla C Noye. Bosion
H A Sprngue Boston E Slade, Alcatraz
G W Brrzler, Phlla J Chorani^, U ft A
F de Vere. !• resno J Miller, Oakland
J « uroisKy. Oakland B L r isner, Alameda
H Hon., USX C Flnb^rg. Cal
T Hawkins, Cal O Weaieuberg. Sonoma
J Riliey ik wt, San Jose J F Bun<-t. Boston
G Lewis, iSacto W Fi ziimmona, Sacto
X A Aiieuberg, Lot ADg W Ballaen, CourUai d
RUSS HOUSE.
C Archer, Stockton M E small, f>an Jose
W F Willis, N»»v 8 T Burton, Ptisan ville
S J Burton, Susanville J H Burton. San Jose
A Waison, Campbell Mrs Wood, Oakland
Mr* Martin, ac o W E Phipp. Or
L AI Weger, fkiah L, L Manu, Colo
F Pepin. Fres:-o B H Worcester, An;els
G B Plank, Hollister Camp
LJ P'ank, liolii-iier J B Hunt A w. Sacto
G Hyde, Martinez R H West, San Jose
J McCarhy, Vallejo G E Graner, San.a Roja
W B \i eber, Oakland r G Williams A wf, N V
H s Pond A »f, N V Mrs J H Butzbv, Sand Pt
R Shearer, Valentine H Bulger, San Jose
X Kelly, San Jose F Sid more, Sulsnn
Dth s er, >uisun Lli .uimon ■;, ~ni.su n
B Roberts, Fairlield E Moore, Fairfield
C A L-übbard. San Jose E A Montgomery. Los A
8 E s;e . wood. Calaveras W B Flint, banta Rosa
A Bullone, Los Angeles H fcittel, .~anta Rosa
H E Cassldy, Sacio J E Lan>>ford, salt Lake
W Ga lasher, Sacto H Bronson, sa:i Josn
h. F Fisk, -teivans Pnt Mis Harris, Black Point
H D Lincoln, l.aliock H C Drown, Biaclc Point
W G Fraz.er. Laki*|:or:
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Fergu-on.Forest Hill W D Hibbard. R V
Mrs D R Rodders, Ogden J F D.-yen orf, San Jose
A L BurbanK, San Jose » H Whitman, San Rafael
W X Haw Kins, Hollister J M Murray, I'nicago
Z Vlngaite, Holliser G Beck, Livermore
J J O'Kourke. C-lus.i il A Crabb. Oakville
Mrs M (i McDonald, Miss Holmes, sm ramento
Ventura Miss Heudon. feacto
Mrs L Dean, Los Angeles T J Williams, N V
A X Owens, Sail Jose J H Roberts, Sacto
A Randshurir, Benirla W F Smith, -KCtO
W N"ichollsJ>,DutchFlat E C l'arker. Los Angeles
R P Latnrop. Hollister Mrs W R Connor, almas
H F otucky <ft w. Chico R S Manuel, ».:lover<laie
M Dinkelspiel, Suisun W L Latimer, Vacavi.le
J D Bddle, Hanford J T McJunkin. Uautord
J W Gnus, Red Bluff CM t oeruan Am, Ogden
S k'rankenhetmer.siockl C R Wiun, A bany
M Orau. N V v A Whitty. Newman
J H Brown, -olano P W Sao. solano
T J Owens, Santa Cruz R L Beardslee, Stockton
G M King, Cal
BEARDS OF STATESMEN.
BfcKinley aud Bryan Are Like Many
Famons Old-Tiiners.
Both Major McKinley and Mr. Bryan
are smooth shaven, like the beardless
statesmen of tne olden time. Still, the
old-timers were not all smooth of face, no
matter how smooth they may have been
in conic airections. There were some very
smooth articles of politicians among those
old fellows, as witness the little deal be
tween Hamilton and Jefferson, which re
sulted in Hamilton getting bis financial
bill through the House and Jefferson get
ting the National capital located on the
Potomac River. Washington, our first
President, was smooth oi face, but John
Adams wore short side whiskers, but no
mi; si ache.
Jefferson, Madison and Monroe were all
smooth of face as well as smooth articles
all round. John Quincy Adams wore
short side-whiskers like his distinguished
sire. Jackson, who twice contested the
Presidency with Adams, the second time
successfully, also wore short side-whis
kers, a mere tuft to the point of the ears
in his case. Clay, another with whom
Jackson twite contended for the Presi
dency, in 1824 and 1832, neither getting it
the first time, Jackson winning the sec
ond, was smooth of face. So, too, was
Frelinghuysen, Clay's running-mate in
1844.
Van Buren had bushy side whiskers,
which nelped to make him look foxy, and
to give him the reputation he long en
joyed of being the sarewdest politician of
tiis time. William Henry Harrison, who
twice contested the Presidency with Van
Buren, losing in 1836 and winning in 1840,
was smootn shaven, as was Tyler, his run
ning mate, who succeeded * him in the
White House. Colonel K. M. Johnson,
who kiiled Tecumseh and who was Van
Buren's partner on the ticket both in 1836
and 1840, was smooth of face. He is also
the only man ever elected Vice-President
by the Senate. In 1844 Polk nnd Delias,
the successful candidates, were destitute
of mustache or beard, and so were Clay
and Frelingbuysen.
James G. Birney started the Abolition
ists to running candidates for President,
who had no chance of election in 1840, and
ran again in 1844. He wore side whiskers
of the pattern called mutton chops. Gen
eral Taylor wore short side whiskers.
Fillmore, Taylor's second on the ticket
and his successor, was smoothfaced.
Lewis Caa~, who was defeated that year,
waa smoothlaced, but his running mate,
W. O. Butier, of Kentucky, wore little
snort side whiskers. This was the year
when Van Buren ran as a Free Soil candi
date and evened up with Casa. He still
wore his bushy side whiskers, but his side
partner, Charles Francis Adams, was
smoothfaced. FranKlin Pierce was smooth
of tace. General Scott, wno ran against
his subordinate of the Mexican war, wa->
just beginning to wear meager side whisk
ers. — Washington Post.
The Invention of Envelopes,
An English paper journal says that the
invention of envelopes is within the mem
ory of middle-aged cersous, and was t c
re-ult of a Brighton (England) stationer's
endeavor to make his store look attractive.
He took a fancy for ornamenting his store
windows with high piles of paper, gradu
ated from the largest to the smallest size
in use. To bring his pyramid to a point
he cut cardboard into very minute squares.
Ladies took these cards to be small-sized
note-paper, and voted it "perfectly love
ly." 80 great was the demand that the
stationer found it desirable to cut paper
tbe size so much admired. But there was
one difficulty. Tne little notes were so
small that when folded tbere wai no space
-for address, so after some thought the idea
of an envelope pierced the stationer's
brain. He had them cut by a metal elate
ana soon, so great was the demand, he
commissioned a dozen houses to manufac
ture them for him. From such small be
ginnings came this important branch of
tne stationery business. — Chicago Tribune.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
.November, 1896.
S U .
Mo.
|T«.
|W.
Tb.
IFp.
IS..
Moon's PhasesJ
—
4tSi New Moon.
«eP Nov. 4. I
2
3
4
5
6
7
9
10
11
12
13
14
/"^\Flrs: Quarter
Sot. 11.
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
-:r^\ Fni! Moon.
Nov. 20.
—
22
33
24
25
26
27
28
lf\LaMt Quarter.
i\ov. 27.
— -
29
SO
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
«Ti-AMER
!
From
DUX
Waatitenavr
City of Kveretr.
City of Peking-
Homer
Pomona
North fore ...
Empirb „..
Eureka..
State of Cai
City I'uebla ...
Arcata
Santa Kosa
Mackinaw
Proereso
Snuoi
Australia
t'oos Bay
San Jose
Doric
>'arallon
Crescent City. . .
Corona.
Columbia
Wail:. Walla ..
Seattle .
Departure Bay .
China and Japan.
Coos 8ay...... ;,...
Hum bold i Bay.
Humboldt 8ay..... .
Portland. ...
Newport....... ....-
Portland.....
Victoria «& Puget Sound
Coos Bay
[Sau Diego ......... „_
Tacoma ...
[Seattle '.'.'.'.'..
Grays Harbor ***
Honolulu ;....
Newport... '.'.'.'.'.
Panama _.., _ ,
China and Japan.......'.
Yaqulna Uav .".*.'.'"
Crescent City „
San nu-eo. ........ '
I'ortland.:.... ..;...
VlP'orla * Pn -i>Vsoiin i
..:nov 24
..Not 24
..Nov a*
..Nov 24
..Nov 24
..Nov -.4
..Nov 25
..Nov 25
..Nov 26
..Kov 28
..Nov 26
..Nov 27
..Nov 27
..Nov -i.l
..Nov 2K
. Not 28
..Nov 19
..Nov 29
.'.Nov 29
.Nov 29
..Nov 30
Dec 1
..Dec 1
! Dec - 1
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V.B. Coast and Giodetic Survey Tide"*
BtTLLETIN PUBLISHKD BY OFFICIAL !-
ATTHOBITY OF THE SIrKKINTENDKNT j
Toes -a ■, November 24. I
Bon rises. 1: Moon rises.. a2Bpst
Bun sets....- 4 63|Moon *£*..:;;.; °^ OIM
November— 1896.
»• " W i L W H W I, \v I
«4| i 1.48' *.«l 7.8.
25; 4.28 4.9 8.39
26 505 6.2 9.53
27 6.44 6.8 10.10
28 6.21 6.3 12.11*
■'"• I. W - » VV
29 0.08 , 1.8 700
30 1 .00 a.j» 7.88 ..
■a.ti lvs.oa ■ 6.i.i b.b7|— v.a
3.4 'l.bl 4.5 S.V6 0.1!
3.0 :iOS 4. 1 1 10.17 0.7
-^.4 4.40 11.14 1.3
lb 607 8.9 ...:.. ......
L--\% - - (I . \v
6.6 1.19 0.8 7.35 4.0
■6.8 ; 2.17 —0.3 '8 .'6 4.2
* Notk— In the above exposition of the tides Hip
early > morning: tides are Riven in the left hand
: column, and the successive tides of the day In 1 the
order of occurrence at to rime. • The 1 second time
column gives the second tide of : the day, tho third
time column the third tide,"' and the last or ■ right
hand column gives the last tide of ■ tin- , day, 1 ■.•]•■
when there are but three tides, as sometime*
scours. The. heights given are additions to ii <
soundings •on . tbe United : States Coast - survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the • number given is subiractivo
from the depth given by the charts. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Depnrtnre From San Fra nciftco
KTKAUEB | DESTISATIoy. j BAIM- [ PIKB.
Del None... "Grays Harbor. Nov 24,1 :Ml Pier 28
Colombia... Portland Nov 24.10 am Fie- a*
t0r0nh...... >an D1e;0...1. Vov 25,11 a*. Pi*rU
Orizaba Mexic0........ No v 25.10a- j Peril
Mexico. Vlc&mSnd Nov 25. 9am Pler»
p0m0ua..... i Hamboldtßav | >ov -'6, km per 9
Kuretta ! Newport ...... Nov27. I-a»i Pier 1 1
Emplre.... . 'i>rc«on ports. . Nov2s. Bpm Pier 18
City Sydney Cent America! Xov 28, M CMS S
Costa Rica.. Panama v ov 28. 1-' m PMSS
**iaieoil'al. ! Porlland Nov 29.10 am Pier J*
b«nta Kosa. , San Dle?o . NoV»9.llam IMm 11
City Put-bla Vlcdt P«t SndiNov3o, 9am Pier 9
bnnol Urays Harbor lN'>v 80.: 12v Pier a
Coos Bay N*Tvpor Dec • 1. Sam Pi«r 1 1
City Peking China & Japan »pc 1. IPM1 PM PM SB
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrographlo
Office located in th* Merchant*' Excbanse In
mamta.ned In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
en ense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete se:s of charts and sailing
dlrec io s of the world are kept on hanJ for com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill ts hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian by
telegraphic signal received each day irom' the
United states Naval Ob-erva;ory a: Mare Island,
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. Is
puhnshei the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers ilie following iav.
W. S. HUQHF.B,
Lieutenant U. 8. N., In charge
The Time Ball.
EBANCH HVDROORAPHIO OFFIOT6 U. S. IT- ■»
■ i,';: : Merchants' Kxchansi L
(•ax Francisco. November 23, 1898. >
The time ball on Telegraon ii Hi was aroppsl
exactly at noon to-day— c.. at noon of the l-ota
meridian, or exactly at 6 v. m.. Greenwich lima.
W. S. Hushes,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In. chare*.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
San Francisco Entrance— California-
It is reported that the whlstlinit buoy outside
Ban irancisco bar, California, Is not in working
oner, tue whistle having been broken. This buoy fc
will be replaced a the earliest practicable date.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
Frank CocrtiS, Commander V. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY. November 23.
Stmr TiHamook, Hansen, 40 hours from San
PcUr 1; bailau. to t'ollard A Dodge.
Btmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 60 hours frcm New
port: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <& Co.
Stmr Klia Bohlffs, Jacobson, VI aavs from Kar
luk. via SitkaS days: ballast, to Alaska Packers'
Assn.
schr Mary Etta, Zaddart, 48 hours from Collins
Landi-ig: 70 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 5 days from Eureka;
lumber, to J X Hanify.
Schr Jennie Thelm, Hansen, 9tf hours from Eu
reka; 180 M. ft lumber, to J it Hanify.
Cleared.
MONDAY, November 23.
Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Nay Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R Duns
nun r it Co.
Br bark British Princess, Scott, Sydney; Bal
four, Guthrie A Co.
t-chr Aloha, Dabel, Honolulu; Williams, Dimond
A Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY, November 23.
Htmr Scotia. Johnson, Eureka.
Kr stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo.
Ktmr Coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loo mis. KriUyeu. Ventura.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 23.— 10 p. m.— Weather '
thick; wind SE; veiocl 24 miles. •
* Charters
The Br stmr Progressist loads wheat for St Vin
cent for orders; owners' account.
The Br bark Cairnsmore loads salmon at Victo
ria for Liverpool or London. 3is 3d ; Br ship Kock
hurst, wheat at Portland for Europe, 3Ua; Br bark
Port Adelaide, lumber at Vancouver for Dela.'oa
Bay, 61s 3d; snip Columbia, coat on the Sound for
this port. .
Miscellaneous. ,
I The baric Sonoma from 'Astoria for Vladivo
stock put into Yokohama previous to Nov 20 in a
leaking condition.
Dome»tlo Port*.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 23— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Xov 23— Br ship Mount
Marniel. from Newcastle, NSW.
TATOOSH— Passed Nov 23— Bark Kufus Wood,
hence Nov 13, for Seattle.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Nov 23— Schr
Glendale. lrom Port Angeles. ... — . .- ■■■
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov Stmr Arcato, he»
Nov2L
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 23— Br baric Lord Kl
' gin, irom Valparaiso; Br ship Vanduara, from 1
Lota. • 1
Sailed Nov 23 — Br ship Inchcape Rock: Br ship
Penthesilea, for Qneenstowti.
EUREKA— SaiIed Nov 23-Stn»- 8 North Fork
and Pomona, for San Francisco; schr Bertie Minor,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 23-Schr J G Wall, hence Nov 18.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Nov 21, with 29 of the crew, includ
ing the captain of the wrecked San Benito. , ■ -
ALBlON— Arrived Nov 23— otmr Greenwood,
hence Nov 22.
BANDON— Arrived Nov Schr Joseph and
Henry, hence Nov 14. - - -
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov -23— Schr Ruby A
Cousins, hence Nov 8; bark Alex McNeil, from
Santa Rosalia. . -
.-ailed Nov 23— Htmr Lakme, for San Pedro; Jap
stmr Kinshul Mara, for Yokohama. .
COM A— Sailed Nov Bark Undaunted, for
San Francisco. <
Arrived Nov 23— Schr Salvator, hence Nov 11. ■
PuRT AJJ LOCK— SaiIed Nov 18— Haw ship
John Ena, for Port Pirle.
DMPQUA— SaiIed Nov 22— 8chr Lucy, for San
Pedro.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK-Sailed Nov Ship worth,
for San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 24— Nor baric India
from Chemalnus. : '
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Nov 21— Stmr Ban Jose, for
San Francisco.
PISAQUA— SaiIed Nov 19— Br ship Drnmblalr.
TYNE- Nov 20— Ital ship Catherine
Accame. bence June 6.,
SYDNEY— Arrived &ov - Brshlp Prtmroae
Hill. h-n-» Hep 12.
YOKOHAMA-Salled Nov 21— Br stmr Mac Duff
for Puget Sound.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Oct 7— Br ship Northbrook
for Royal Roads. Oct 17— Ger ship Slam, for San
Francisco.
Movements of Train- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Massilow,
from Manilla; stmr Columbia, from Genoa and
; Naples.
Sailed Nov 23-S m r Persia, for Hamburg: stmr
I Anchorla, for Glasgow.
j GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Nov 23-stmr Ems.
! PLYMOUTH— Arrived out Nov 22-Stmr Fuerst
i Bismarck.
, BREMERHAVEN-SaUed Nor 22— 3tmr Dres
-1 den. for New York.
LONDON DBRRY-Sailed Nov 21-Stmr State
I of California, for New York.
PRAWLE POINT-Passed Nov23-3tmr Veen-
I dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
Importation*.
BAN DIEGO— Per Corona— 36l pkgs mdse, 1 keg
olives, 6 plcgs tobacco, 1 boat, 9 bxs window gUss.
j 4 sks raisins, 328 bxs lemons, 9tJ bxs limes. 1 sic
I beeswax, 50 bxs oranges. 2cs preserves, 16 bbls
tallow, 1 bx coffee. 3 cs crackers. 1 bx fruit.
Newport— 633 sks corn, 334 oranges, 10 cs
M flour, -:5 bxs parslmmons. 40 bxs lemons, 100
sks peanuts, 309 sks walnuts, 2 sks Chill, 9 ska
popcorn. -
Redondo— S3 pkirs mdse, 10 cs honey, 23 pkim
cblli, 1525 corn. U5 sks castor beans. 2 bbls
paint.) bx lemons, 1 bx raisins. 1 cs bK>ts and
shoes. 1 bx seed, 1 cs SV2 bbls wine, 1 sk walnuts.
Port Los Angeles— l bol wine. 69 bxs oranges,
164 pkscs mdse, 1 cs tobacco, - bbls onic, 92 bags
rice. 6 bxs typewriters, 8 pkgs covers. 66 bdls 1)
pets. 84 Mis hides.
. Santa Barbara— 2s pkgs mdse. Ibx tobacco, 2%
bxs outier, 3sks green peas, 71 1 bxs lemons, 2 sks
chestnuts, . 1 sk popcorn. 2 sks walnuts, 1 keg
cider, 3 bxs apples. 33 bxs fish, 1 obi persimmons.
Port Harford-283 Dkcs mdse. 34 sks beans, 1
kez Kin. d sks wool, 1 bdl dry pelts. 14 bxs butter.
28% ■cs eggs, . 1 bal dry hid 472 bxs apples, 6
coops chickens, 1 coop poultry. 4 dressed calve-?, 3
coops turkeys '2 bdls green hides, 358 sks wheat.
188 sks beans, 61 sks oats, 151) sks barley, 141 sks
flax. 8 bxs fish.
. Cnn«l«rn*tn«.
Per Corona— C E Whitney A Co: Kohler & Froh
llnir: 9 Jacobs: Campodonlcocb Malcolm: s Jacobs:
W P Fuller & Co: Leut R H Noble: Enterprise.
Brewery; Wetmore Bros: H Cohen: F S Kales: s
Si raus*: San Francisco Brewery to: C so onion:
L Scatetia A Co: G H T J«< kson : Owl Dm;: Co: T
T A skidmor : Sawyer Tanning Co: H P P'att: a
M. Alexander <fc Co; Dunham, carrican * Co: J B
Insuglm: Dodge. Sweeney A Co: Amor Press Assn:
Norton, Teller A Co: D JS Allison A Co: Rosenberg
Bros: Baker Hamilton: Coshill A Kobn; union
Brewery: Sherman, Clay A Co: Christy & Wise; A.
Levy&Co: oh Klushman A 1 o; Labor Kx
chanse: Rosenberg Bros: .American Union H*n
Co: J ivancovicn « Co; Wleland Brewing Co: W
, A Coy a- L ii Sresovicl: A Co: W Hzel & Baker: W
H Forbes: W C Price A Co: Milan! A Go: A Pa lies:
Hills Bros;, i et:s sprtne Co; Buffalo Brewery? E F
DoiiKherv: C Carpy A Co: .Milwaukee Brewery; •
Cha 1 A Bern.rd: Htimer. Bradhoff ASchulz; G
W Harris: ' Garcia* Massrint; H Heckman & Co;
Blsslnger&Co; H Tilden&Co: • L Uooifrlen-t;
Cno» Jacobson &Co; Yon Henckp A t.ovsba'.-k;
Marsbail A iteimTs: Buss, Sanders A Co; Pacific
Coast Fish Co: Brisham. Hopp<- A Co: H Dutard;
Wheaton. Bri>on A Co: L D Stone A Co; Geoise R
Siarr A Co; ■ R Stevens ACo Western Meat Co;
Slnsheimerßro*; Murray A S'elnhagen; sacra- i
meut 1 Fish Co: I'alrpom Paint < o: Wolf A^Son; D ~f
R a very- & Co: A J B Imme: : X Horn: Hills Bros;
W B Jones; A L Bryan shoe Co: E J Bowen A Co-
Farnin A trunk: H s Hue; A Galli Fruit Co: H L
(i-lfilii; II C Ootllns; Levi Spiegel A Co; Cudahy
IMcKlnt' <o: McDonough A Runyon: Dalton Bros
t.,ii W Warn r:«.r; UeorK->hoe Co; II Hokan
.) H Cain A Co; Eveleth A Nash: Gould A Jauciin;
Gray A Barbieri : Newmark A Edwards; Outer it
.MoseU.-y : Jeff undier; .Max schwvdel A Co; CM
Vo'.kmen: A <.io:iz«'.fr<; \\ SlcDermott: -li Lorn; ,
j I) SprecKels A Bros 10; Uen >.lectric Co Pacitta
Oil »nd li?ad Works: DBlagi &Ca .-,- '" w - " wnoTWO OFFICIALS
TOSSED BY GALES
Engineer Wilson and City
.' Attorney Peirsol Land
at Vallejo.
Their Families Thought They
Had Come to Grief in Sun
."•:. day's Storm.
A-fter an Adventurous Cruise They
Send Word of Their Safe
Arrival.
" Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
:. . 908 Broadway, Nov. 23. J
. o Up to a late hour to-night it was
thought that City Attorney Peirsol aud
• City Engineer Wilson had gon« down
with the letter's yacht in last night's gale.
Their families were in a state of great ex
citement, as tbe two Commissioners of
° Public Works should have returned home
fast oighu
The two officials were not missed from
•° \ tb°«ir offices till this afternoon, at which
•. .j*me a special meeting of the Board of
J. irks was cal lea. Mayor Davie was the
Tody attendant, and then the fact became
• A:iown that the other Commissioners were
jiot to be found. Messages were sent in
all directions, and at the Wilson and Peir
.-ol homes the statement was made that
neither of the missing men had been
home s"ince Saturday.
Telegraph and telephone were put to
vjork, but nothing was learned, and the
■ report was circulated that the two officials
had surely succumbed to the storm. En
gineer Wilson is an enthusiastic yachts
man and has won several prizes, but yes
terday was not a day to exert either en
thusiasm or rowing qualities, and there
.were many who wondered whether Mr.
"Wilson had not p.ttempted too much.
'The two men left Oakland last Saturday
afternoon and stated that they would be
back last evening. All day yesterday
their relatives were anxious on account of
the storm, and when night came and no
word was received the anxjety increased.
Ai! to-day their families were mating in
quiry, but no one had teen the yacht or
us occupants since sailing out of the
creek.
•To-night Mrs. Wilson received a tele
phone message from Vallejo stating that
tbe two voyagers had been at the mercy
. of wind aud tide, but had succeeded in
reaching Vallejo.
Mrs. Peirsoi also received woid that all
was well and that Mr. Peirsol will be home
to-morrow morning. It is not thought
that he will return on the yacht, but on
something that runs according to schedule.
Neither_of the Commissioners sent word
to the # Mayor, and after waiting a reason
able time he adjourned himself aud went
home.
NO MATCH WITH BUTTE
They Accepted the Terms of the
. Reliance Club Too la p.
= "OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— There will
be° no football match between the Botte
• . and Reliance football teams this season.
The letter Irom the Butte men accepting
a the terms offered by the local club was re
| ceived to-day, but too late to be acted upon.
Manager Ewing would have to leave with I
his team to-night to meet the northern
men on time, and this would not permit
of his even notifying them.
• Much disappointment is expressed over
the'result, as the games last year between
the teams were the most exciting of the '
'season. At tbe beginning of this year the '
Butte captured the Reliance captain, J
G orge McMillan, and gave him a deputy
clerkship in the county offices to hold |
him. Everybody looked forward to the
•me,eting of t c teams, but it will not take
■ - place this year.
TO INSURE GOOD ROADS.
Marked Improvement for the Liver
more Highway.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— A pumping
plant has just been completed at Oak
Knoll, near Livermore, for the purpose of
preserving the county road. It was put in
operation Saturday for the first time, and
works perfectly. Gasoline is the fuel used,
and tbe cost is but 11 cents a day. Tbe
pump has a capacity of 3000 gallons an
Hour. Six tanks, half a mile apart, are
connected with the pumping plant by
small mains, and by the force of gravity
tbe water is piped to the smaller tanks
from the main station. Tne work was
done by the Supervisors, in response to a
petition irom the farmers.
To Aid the Worthy.
OAKLAND. Cal., Nov. 23.— The follow
ing notice has been extensively circulated
in this city.
It has been suggested that a service may be
rendered many needy families by providing
them with material for a Thanksgiving dinner
and the undersigned have been requested to
take measures to accomplish that result. We,
therefore, solicit contributions of food suita
ble for such a purpose to be sent to the Asso
ciated Charities' rooms in the Enquirer build
ing, where such supplies will be apportioned
out and sent to families known to the officers
of the Associated Charities to be in need and
lojbe deserving of assistance,
The distribution will probably be taken
charge of by members of the Young People's
i.udeavor Union. As it is desired that this
work be commenced Wednesday afternoon it
is desired that supplies be sent in without loss
of time. In case contributions cf coal are
made the donors will please send the orders
and the same will be taken direct from the
yards.
E. 8. Chapman, piesidept of the Associated
Charities; Anson Bars tow, president Oakland
Benevolent Society: Mrs. Helen Kelly, secre
tary Associated Charities; George C. Pardee,
M. J. Keiler, Mrs. M. I. Waters Thorne, F. W.
HDiars, H. O. Trowbridge.lCraigie Sharp, John
T. Bell.
The Kutuary Bridge*
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— Supervisor
Johnston stated at the rueeting of the
board to-day that the Southern Pacific
Company had sent plans to Washington
for a new bridge over the estuary, ana
that the plans had been returned to
Colonel Suter for approval. As nothing
definite could be learned the District
Attorney was requested to communicate
with the railroad authorities and Colonel
iuter and ascertain what was being done
ift regard to the estuary bridge.
To Instruct the Police.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— Chief of
Police Lloyd has made arrangements for
the police force to receive the benefit of a
course of lectures on subjects incidental to
their work. Prosecuting Attorney H. D.
-•ie.vivi will give the first, and bis subject
will be the law as it governs and re
lates to the duties of police officers. Dr.
O. D. Hamlin will follow with a lecture on
emergency treatment.
Would Serve the Rebel*.
L QAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— James Hop-
a local Populist, has written to the
of the insurgents in Cuba asking
what terms are offered sharpshooters. He
claim* that he held the championship for
Eharpshooting in lowa for five years and
thinks he would be of assistance in pick
"if * ? eneral Weyler. He says $5000 is
offered for the general's head.
field la Too Fat.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.-Joe Field,
lor a long time the favorit© bantam-weight
of the Acme Club, will, in all probability,
never enter the ring in that class again.
He has just returned from Alaska, and is
so fleshy that to train clown would be im
possible. His stature does not qualify him
for heavy-weight fighting, so lie will con
tend no more, except in friendly bouts.
BORRISS WANTS DAMAGES.
Alleges That There Is a Conspiracy
Ruin Him.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Nov. 23,-John F.
Burriss, who was oxice an attorney prac
ticing in Alameda, filed a suit this after
noon against John Gooby and one Silva.
Mr. Burriss sues for $20,000 damages for
alleged defamation of character and false
imprisonment. Several limes during the
past few months Burriss has been arrested
on complaints of embezzlement sworn to
by Gooby, but in each instance he has
been discnarged.
The plaintiff asserts that there is a con
spiracy on foot to ruin him, and some of
the allegations refer to the family rela
tions of some well-known people.
FELONIOUS EMBEZZLEMENT
P. G. Mulgren Arrested for Stealing
Bicycles— The Carpenter- Marshall
Libel Ca»e.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 23.-P. G. Mul
gren is in the City Prison charged with
felonious embezzlement, and if all the
police say is true of him he will not ride
bicycles again for several years. Mulgren
is about 22 years of age, aud was arrested
in San Francisco on the water front Satur
day evening charged with stealing bicy
cles. Already they have placed five
stolen wheels at his door, and claim that
the list will be greatly increased before
the week is out. He is charged with
taking two from Alameda, one from Santa
Clara, one from San Jose and one from
San Francitco.
Mulgren formerly lived in this City, and
about fifteen months ago went into the
navy, where he staid a year. He does not
The Alameda County Board of Supervisors Who Will Take Office January 4, 1897.
explain how he got out, but two months
ago he married Miss Cruz of the West
End. The unfortunate girl is nearly
heartbroken over her husband's deception.
Before the Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 23.— The Board
of Trustees met to-night, and, on recom
mendation of City Attorney Tavlor,
passed the bill of $403 in favor of Georpe
H. Payne, being an assigned claim of Con
stable Esco in full upon the contract of the
electric light plant. City Engineer Poy
zer's salary was increased from $50 to $75
per month.
In order to make tbe salary funds meet
this increase the allowance for horse feed
of the Superintendent of Streets was cut
off, and the salary of the letter's assistant,
Miss Morse, was reduced from $75 to $70
per month.
The building committee's report accept
ing the suggestion ot the board of library
trustees, in tne matter of partitioning off
and cutting a stairway through a portion
of the Council chamber, was accepted.
The majority protest against the im
provement of Taylor place was overrule d,
but a new one was submitted. Tne plans
and specifications were adopted and a
notice of intention to improve the same
pasted.
Carpenter-Marshall Libel Suit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 22.— The exami
nation of E. L. Marshall, editor of the
Telegram, charged with criminal libel by
Dr. Thomas Carpenter, City Veterinarian,
was begun this afternoon before Justice
Lawrence of East Oakland sitting lor Jus
tice Morriss. Assistant District Attorney
H. A. Melvin was assisted by flu;b
Aldrich, while the defense was represented
by Judge E. M. Gibson and Joe Barber.
After the publication of the article and
the ownership of the paper was established
tbe prosecution rested.
Judge Gibson asked for a nonsuit, as he
contended that the allegations had not
been proven. The motion was denied and
the case continued until Wednesday,
December 2, at 1:30 p. m.
Brief Mentioning*.
A number of the Board of Supervisor")
and City Councilmen of Oakland visited
the new City Hall to-day.
The Alameda Cricket Club will give an
entertainment in Linderman's Opera
house December 1L
The Thanksgiving pound party will be
held in Tucker's Hall to-night. Admis
sion, one pound of provisions for the
poor.
Alameda Parlor No. 47, N. 8. G. W., will
celebrate their twelfth anniversary with a
masquerade ball at Armory Hall Thurs
day evening.
I>Utribution of Seeds.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 23.— Professor
E. J. Wickson of the department of agri
culture at the State University is prepar
ing a bulletin on the distribution of plants
and seed by the United States Experi
ment station at Berkeley. The report
will contain descriptions of new varieties
of plants being experimented with at the
university, together with explanations as
to how horticulturists and farmers may
obtain seeds and cuttings.
This branch of the Agricultural Col
lege's work has grown remarkably in the
last three years. In 1893 there were 410
applications for seeds; in 1894, 925 appli
cations, and in 1895, 1504 applications from
468 postoffices.
I uuoral of Simon Morrill.
BERKELEY, Cal., Not. 23. — The
funeral of Simon S. Morrill, who died at
his home on Ward street last Saturday
evening of pneumonia, will take place to
morrow afternoon in Oakland under the
auspices of the A. O. IT. W., of which he
was a prominent member. The deceased
was an ironmolder and had been f( reman
of the Oakland Iron Works for many
years. He was a native of New Hamo
shire and had lived in California for about
thirty years. He leases a wife and five
children.
The iron works of which he was fore
man will be closed down to-morrow in
respect to his memory.
Berkeley Miscellaneous.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 23.— The fourth
anniversary of Peraita Camp, Woodmen of
the World, will be celebrated by a literary pro
gramme and social dance on Tuesday evening
.December L
The Moody quartet, consisting of C. D. Lynn
F. E. Robinson, C. W. Meacham and W. H.
Hockbam, gave a well-attended concert to
night at the Presbyterian church.
George Wagner '98, W. E. Bauer 1900 and
James Ely '99 have been installed into the
local chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
At the meeting ot the Board of Education to
night advertisements for contracts on the
proposed new Dwight-way school building
were ordered.
R. Fryer, W. Gibbons, W. O. Blasingame, W.
E. Cole and E. Hammer have entered as the
university crew in the Thanksgiving regatta,
to be held on the Oakland estuery.
The Student*' Aid Society of the State Uni
versity is engaged in collecting data on the
number of students working the whole or part
of their way through college. It is estimated
tnat there are about 300 who come under this
rule.
The Raskin Club will meet on next Wednes
day evening at the residence of Mrs. Augus
tine on University avenue. Charles Keeler
will resume the leadership on that evening.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
EACH. HAS HIS
CHOICE FOR MAYOR
Secretary Powers Gives
Away the Secret of a
Struggle.
Young Men Republicans Are
Active in Municipal
Politics.
Interest Shown in the Presidency
of the New Eoard of Super
visors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Nov. 23. f
Mayor Davie stated positively to-day
that he had not decided upon anything in
regard to the appointment of Police Judge
next term. He declares that he has been
considerably amused by the publicity
which has been given to his intentions.
"There surely must be great honor in
being clerk of the Police Court," said
Mayor Davie to-day, "for there is evi
dently more interest in tnat appointment
than in the Judge. Everybody is wonder
ing who will succeed Mr. Crawford, while
nobody with any authority has yet hinted
that there is to be a vacancy. Councilman
Bassett is said to be a candidate, but if so
he has not mentioned it to me. Nobody
has yet said anything about the impor
tance of the change of Judges, but I have
read a great deal of the change of clerks.
I have only this to say: That the appoint
ment of Police Judge will not be condi
tional on the appointment of any particu
lar man as clerk. Whoever I appoint will
be left at liberty to appoint his own clerk
and bailiff."
Secretary Will Powers of the Young
Men's Republican C!ub says he was mis
| represented in regard to the action taken
' at tbe meeting last Thursday at which an
election for officers was to rmve been held.
"1 desire to say," said Mr. Powers to-day,
"that the door was not locked. It may
be that the spring lock closed accidentally,
but I am positive that no one locHed the
i door intentionally. It was well under
stood that no notices were to be sent out,
aa the club was in debt and I would not
incur any more expense. Friends of both
the candidates for the presidency agreed
with President Walsh that tbe meeting
could not legally elect officers.
"The real story has not yet been made
public. The fight is realiy for the sup
port of a candidate for Mayor. If Stetson
be elected bis influence will certainly be
exerted in favor of Councilman Towle for
Mayor, while Pulsifer's success means
| strong support for W. V. Witcher for the
mayoralty. That is the real point. There
| is no doubt that Stetson has at present
more votes in the club than anybody
else."
Considerable interest is now being
shown in the chairmanship of the next
Board of Supervisors. On the first Mon
day of the New Year a majority of the
toard will go out of office. The retiring
members are Bailey, Pelouze and John
ston.
Messrs. C. Roethe, Joiin Mitchell and
Thomas Wells will take the empty seats.
Hiram Bailey is at present chairman, and,
according to precedent, his successor will
be either Talcott or Church, the old mem
bers of the board. The position is one of
much importance, as it carries with it
the appointment of several committees.
None of the new members have so far
announced their preference, bat it is
stated that an effoit will be made to elect
Thomas Wells. As Wells is the only
Democrat, while there are four Repub
licans, it in not likely that the vote on
chairman will be unanimous.
Klein Exonerated.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— An inquest
was held to-day at Alvar.ido to inquire
into the death of Mathew Petersen of
San Francisco", who was killed yesterday
near the Piummer Salt Works by the acci
dental discharge of his friend's gnn.
Last Friday afterncon Petersen left
home with Harry Klein, an intimate
friend, to bunt ducks on the marshes.
They were seated side by side when a
flock of ducks arose. Mr. Petersen
called "MarK" His friend's gun was
lying across his arm, and in the excite
ment the jjun was nischarged, and Mr.
Petersen, it is thought, leaned forward at
the same moment, receiving .the charge in
his side. From the effects of the wouud
he died.
The injured man was conveyed as soon
as possible to the house of Mr. Robie the
manager of Plummer's Salt Works, and
everytning was done for his comfort pend
ing the arrival of Drs. Allen and Emer
son. An examination showed that recov
ery was impossible, the liver being torn
and shattered by trie shot.
The jury returned a verdict of accidental
death and exonerated Mr. Klein from all
responsibility for the accident.
Mathew Petersen was the son of H. M.
Petersen of 313 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, and was 25 years old, having
been born in San Francisco in 1871. He
was a member of Golden Gate Parlor,
N. S. G. W.
The Pardee Kstate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23.— Special let
ters of administration were granted
to Dr. G. C. Pardee on the estate of his
father. A temporary allowance of $300 a
month was made to the widow and Her
daughter.
Colonel Irish to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Nov. 23.— Colonel
John P. Irish will lecture to-morrow even
ing at Shattuck Hall on "Reminiscences
and Personal Experiences of the Recent
Campaign." He will dwell particularly
on his lecturing work while following up
Bryan on a special train.
The burlesque, "The Maebeths of Berkeley,"
which the Stanford students will produce at
the California Theater on Thanksgiving night,
was written by young Fields, one of the bright
est of the senior class. It is pronounced an
exceedingly clever travesty, and there are
many original hits in the play. The entire
programme ior Thursday night is an excep
tionally good one, and a large crowd is an
ansured (act to judge from the advance tale of
seats at i'aio Alto.
TENDERED A RECEPTION
Visiting Delegate* to the Jewish Women'
Touunl t yitnrtainxd.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 23.— The
local section of the National Council of
Jewish Women tendered a reception to
the National Board and visiting delegates
at the Mercantile Club, the fashionable
Hebrew organization of Philadelphia, this
afternoon. A dinner was first given to
the guests in the handsome cafe of the
clubhouse and a general reception was
held later in the library. The members of
the National Board present included:
President Mrs. Hannah Solomon. Miss
Sadie American, Miss Henrietta G. Frank,
Miss Bertha Mandell, Mrs. Witkowski,
Miss Anna Einstein, all of Chicago; Miss
Sophie Beer of New York, Mrs. 'Sophie
Maxnelen of Kansas City, Mrs. Carrie 8.
Benjamin of Denver, Miss Julia Felsen
tbal and Miss Nussoaum. The local sec
tion was represented by Miss Laura Mor
decai, president, and a number of other
ladies. Brief addresses were made by
Mrs. Solomon, Mies American aud several
others.
REDUCING THE COMMISSIONS
The Southern Pacific Come* to an Agree
ment fTith Western Line*.
CHIGAGO, 111., Nov. 23. — Western
railways have secured from the Soutnern
Pacific an assurance that on December 1
it will join them in a reduction of com
missions on California immigrant busi-
ness to a normal basis. For months there
has been no profit in this class of trans
portation because of the excessive com
missions paid, amounting in some cases
to $16 a ticket. The Canadian lines have
also expressed their intention of doing the
same. This will mean a gain all around
of about $10 a ticket on all immigrant
traifiu to California, the normal commis
sion being $5.
A new ngreement respecting excess bag
gage carried by theatrical companies has
been made by the Western Association
lines through the efforts of Chairman
Catdweli. Special cars containing bag
cage or theatrical property will be charged
for at the rate of not less than 15 cents a
mile for any distance, with a minimum
charge of $10 a car. The lines moving are
to use their discretion in making addi
tional cnarge where the service involves
intermediate stops. For pnrties of ten or
more 150 pounds will be carried free and a
special car provided if the revenue from
the tickets is not less than $25, with an
extra car for every additional twenty-five
passengers.
♦
PLAN OF REORGANIZATION
How the Oregon Railway and naviga
tion Company Will tie Conducted.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Nov. 23.-Tfae re
organization of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company has been completed
and the company has announced the de
livery of the new securities.
Under the plan of reorganization the
company is authorized to issue $24,500,000
4 percent mortgage bonds due in 194H;
111.000,000 4 per cent preferred stock and
$21,000,000 common stock.
Of the 4 per cent consolidated bonds
there will be issued $15,174,000 for
holders ot consolidated bonds and col
lateral trust bonds of the old com
pany. Of the remainder $5,390,000
will be retained for the retirement
of the outstanding $4,390,000 of 5 per cent
first mortgage bonds of the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company, $1,106,000
for betterments and terminals at the rate
of not more than $250,000 per annum, ami
$'-\830,000 for new construction at the rate
of $20,000 per mile.
The fixpd charges of the new company
will be about $925,000. The $11,000,000 of
preferred stock, with the exception of a
small amount remaining in the hands of
the new company, will be issued to
holders of consolidated bonds and of
collateral trust bunds of the old company
and to stockholders of the old company
who have paid the assessment, which
stockholders will also receive new com
mon stock, dollar for dollar, for their
holdings. Both the preferred and com
mon stock are put in trust under a voting
trust agreement, and the Central Trust
Company's certificates are issued therefor.
COLONEL INGERSOLE IMPROVEN
Recovering From th» Painful Attacks of
Sclatlca.TSJittß
NEW YORK, N. "XT. Nov. 23.— Colonel
Robert G. Ingerabll, who was taken ill
alter a lecture at Freeport, 111., Thursday
evening, arrived in this city last nigut.
In the early part of last week he had three
attacks, the first at Janesville, Wis.,
while delivering a lecture, which he man
aged to finish, and the second and third
attacks at Madison and 'Beliot, Wis. On
Thursday He was found to be suffering
Irom a severe attack of sciatica "and was
removed to the Great Northern Hotel at
Chicago on Friday. He was attended by
a prominent physician of Chicago,- who
declared that all Mr. Ingersoll needed was
two weeks :of complete rest. -He; left
Chicago Saturday on the limited express
and upon his arrival in this city last night
was- met by a few relatives and : driven
directly to his residence, where he will
remain until he is fully restored to health.
He waß not very much ; fatigued ; and
walked from '/bis carriage into the house
without any assistance.
Colonel Inpersoll's agent has canceled
all the Western lecture engagements as
the result of his illness, and the lecture
tour has been abandoned for this reason.
Petroleum as ' a Motive Power.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 23. -Another
motive power — petroleum — is to be ex
psrimented with on the Manhattan Ele
vated Railroad. Tne system has already
been used on one of the Government tor
pedo-boats, and is now being put into the
Government tug Niam. J. S. Sorb, the
inventor, says that a locomotive engineer
could learn to take charge of an engine
fitted up with the system within three
days.
Shot Hi* MUtres* and Hitnielf.
TAUNTON, Mass.. Nov. 23.— Frederick
Luther, fireman at the electric road power
station, shot his mistress, Mrs. Abby E.
Barber, to-day, and then killed himself.
The cause for tbe act is unknown.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
NAT C. GOODWIN
IN A NEW PLAY.
A Crowded House Greets
Loie Fuller in Her
Mystic Dance.
The Alcazar Company Opens the
Week With a Well-Staged
Piece.
"Humanity" at the Co'umbia and
"Hearts of Oak" at the Grand
Opera-House.
Despite the rain and the fact that Loie
Fuller had 'drawn away a large following
to the California Theater, there was a
good-sized audience to greet Nat C.
Goodwin and Maxlne Elliott at the Bald
win Theater last night.
The play was Madeline Luce'tte Ryley's
new comedy, "An American Citizen,"
which has hitherto been heard only in Aus
tralia. The piay, Goodwin himself and Miss
Elliott were all most warmly received;
indeed at the end of the third act Goodwin
was called five times before the curtain and
finally made a speech in which a great
deal of gladness was expressed.
"Believe that nothing I can say," he re
marked, "can express the delight and
happiness I feel. It is a joy indeed to feel
ourselves once more among friends. We
had one of those 'artistic' triumphs in
Australia, but there is one thing to look
back to — that they indorsed an American
play, played by American actors, and
written by an American authoress — Mrs.
Ryley."
Mr. Goodwin went on to say that be had
other new plays with him, including one by
Mrs. Ryley, and that he hoped to come to
San Francisco every year and play some
of them. He concluded by invoking a
Lie-sing on the audience, and was fran
tically applauded.
"An American Citizen" is a decided im
provement on "Christopher Jr." It is
well constructed. Unlike most light
plays, it keeps up the interest to the last.
That last was rather late, for the audience
did not leave the theater till 11:30, which
shows that "An American .Citizen" needs
some cutting. This is a fault that can be
easily remedied, however. There is real
wit in the play, and some of the repartee
is most original. The plot resembles
"Christopher Jr.," in that it tells the
story of two people who are married sud
denly by force of circuiiistances, and who
afterward fall in love with one another,
and who go through a good many triais
and tribulations before they arrive at the
condition of living happily ever after
ward.
The development of the plot bears no
relation to "Christopher Jr.," however,
and the trials and tribulations in "An
American Citizen" are most comically
pathetic.
Mat C. Goodwin had a thoroughly con
genial role in the part of Beresford Cruger,
the American who married his cousin on
first sight and became a Britisher in order
to prevent his uncle's money from going
to found a museum of antiquities. The
semi-pathetic, semi-comical love troubles
which afterward befell him were thor
oughly in keeping with his line of work.
As the English cousin Maxine Elliott
looked handsome and acted with a good
deal of impressiveness, though her ren
dering of the role lacked tuose subiie
touches of which it would have been capa
ble in hands like those of Maud Auairs,
for instance.
The rest of the cast showed that the
company has improved somewhat since
Goodwin was here last. Neil O'Brien was
excellent as Simms, the English valet,
and the other men did their parts satis
factorily, though Frazer Coulter's elderly
make-up as Brown was abßurd under the
circurcsances and his acting wasno more
satisfactory than his make-up.
Miss Estelie Mortimer was excellent as
the elderly coquette, and the girls' parts
were well acted by Gertrude Elliott, Ethel
Browning and Isabel Haskins.
California Theater.
Standing room was at a premium to see Loie
Fuller's dances at the California Theater last
night. The star had been put late on the pro
gramme and people were getting a little im
patient, when about 9:45 o'clock the house
was plunged into Egyptian darkness and ail
eyes were turned toward the stage for the first
sign of La Loie's appearing.
She did not gladden the audience by an im
mediate apparition, however, and a few en
terprising spectators began to strike matches
and were applauded by their neighbors. At
last, however, Miss Fuller was seen dimly
outlined against a dark background, and im
mediately after a flood of electric light re
vealed her in all the glory of endless yards of
blnck draperies, stud. ted with glittering stars,
to represent Night.
The dances were five in number and no en
cores were given, nor indeed exiiected, for the
programme must have been fatiguing enough
as it was. Ot course ail the dances had the
tame general features. Miss Fuller kept yards
and yards of draperies in constant and grace
ful motion, while her electrians threw com
plicated and beautiful combinations of light
upon them. With every dance the draperies
seemed to grow longer and more voluminous
and the combination of color more gorgeous.
In the White Dance Miss Fuller received a
good deal of colorless light from her elec
tricians, but she had rainbow tints also. The
Firmament showed a number of tender colors,
as well as vivid tints. In Fire white draperies
wert> dettly manipulated under the glare of
brilliant reds, and in the Nile Lily a mam
moth lily was formed from draperies of great
length.
The art of the dances, of course, consisted in
the management of draperies and the ex
quisite arrangement of colors in ths lights,
which came irom below through glass let Into
the stage, as well as from above.
Miss Fuller is a graceful, winsome-looking
young woman, who trips prettily about the
stage and bends with ease and grace. Her
skill in manipulating the filmy fabrics she
wore was remarkable, but of dancing, in the
ordinary acceptation of the word, she did little
or none. Her exhibition was an artistic treat
of color and graceful motion, however, and,
though there was not very much to distinguish
it from the dancing previously given here by
Mrs. Herrmann and I'apinta, Miss Fuller fully
deserved the recognition she received last
night, for it was her brain that originated
the exhibition that has found so many imi
tators.
A great deal of applause and a few cries of
"braval" were given the dancer. In the dark
ness people in the front rows and the boxes
must have hurled bouquets on the -stage, for
when the lights were turned on it was seen to
be incumbered with flowers, which must have
interfered a good deal with La Loie's gyra
tions.
The programme which preceded the dancer's
appearance consisted of local talent. Bern
hard Mollenhuuer, who played a violin solo, a
grand fantasia by Vieuxtemps, was well re
ceived, and so was the Treble Clef Qi»*jtet.
Professor Charles F. Graeber's tan jo, mando
lin and guitar club played. F. K. Tobin and
Mrs. Lotta Navarro Tobin gave a trombone
duo.
The programme will be repeated to-night
and to-morrow.
Among those present were:
Box A— M. Sieger, L. Clayburg, Joseph Loewe
and party; box B — General and Mrs. War
field; box C— a L. Buckbee and party; box D
— C. L. Fair, Mrs. Harvey; box E— Henry T.
Scott and party; box F— J. T. Nol.in and.party;
t ox G— Miss Annie Gottlob, Miss Dannenbaum,
Mrs. Will Beverly.
In the audience were: Mrs. R. Tobin, the
Misses Tobin, C. Tobin, Edward JGreenway,
COOK & 00.
123 Ke.irny Street.
GORGEOUS CHINAWARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
.A.T AUCTION.
The Greatest Auction Sale in History,
Daily at 2 o'clock p. m. and 3a' unlay
Kight at 8 o'clock.
V. J. BAHTii. Aoctlnnpor.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins, Miss Helen Hop
kins, Mr. aud Mrs. Joseph Crockett, Miss Caro
Crockett, Mr. and Mrs. Southard Hoffman,
Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss May Hoffman, Mr.
and Mrs. Rujseil Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Mount
ford S. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. A. Roos. Achille
B. Roos, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hexterof Portland,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stem, Judge and Mrs.
Robert Ferrai, the Misses Goad, Major and Mrs.
Rath bone, Mrs. E. Heller, Henry Sachs, Miss
Rose Sachs, Mr. and Mrs. A. Flest, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Walkington. Mrs. Feuchtwanger,
George De Long and party, Mr. and Mrs. M.
Heller, Dr. Richards, Godfrey Fisher, Mlv
Rose Fisher, Miss Ida Fisher, William Black
well, Meyer Kahn, Mrs. Richard Carroll, Miss
Lizzie Carroll, Mr. Whittler, Miss Matlie Whit
tier, Mr. and Mrs. Ettlinger, Miss G. Ettliuger,
Mrs. L. Straus*, Mr. and Mrs. 9. Foster, Mrs. E.
Van Bergen, Mrs. A. Bower, Mrs. J.
Liebes, Mr. and Mrs. D. Armer, Charleß
Fisher, Dr. and Mrs. Washington Dodge,
Colonel Smedberg, Miss Coru, smedberg, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas Hayes, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Buckingham, Miss Joseph Scott, Herman
Snainwali Mr. and Mrs. Fred Kellogg, Mr.
and Mrs. Godby, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Coleman,
Miss Gwin, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Parker, Harry
Veuve, Mrs. General Warfield, Mr. Buckbee,
Miss Buckbee, Fred Green and Mrs. B. Baxton,
Miss Martha Shainwald.
At the Alcazar.
Those general favorites of the Alcazar Stocfc
Company opened their thirteenth week at
the pretty O'Farrell-street theater last night
to a good house, notwithstanding the rain.
The play was "The End of the Century," for
the first time produced on this coast. It is
Russian, with the glory of imperial St. Peters
burg in the foreground and cheerless Siberia
in the distance. The staging of the piece and the
costumes of the players were ricn and appro
priate, especially the court robes of Miss Lieb,
the Princess Kostoi of the story. John T. Sul
livan is confined to his room with a wound in
his left arm, received in the stage duel last
week, and Francis Powers memorized the
sixty paces <>f his part in twelve hours and
played the difficult role without a rehearsal.
May Buc'.dey, the star ingenue of the first
plays, had a more serious par*, as Fanny Lar
key, which w»s not the sprightly little lady's
natural role. The other characters were satis
factorily acted, and a number of curtain cal>s
were accorded the players. The piece will be
played all the week, with Saturday and Sun
day matinees.
Bush-Street Theater.
Kennedy and his hard-working set of come
dians manage to attract good audiences at the
Bush-street Theater. The mesmerist varied
his programme last night to the extent of hyp
notizing a lew women, who quite coyly were
induced to accept seats on the stage.
Kennedy was somewhat at a disadvantage
in handling the ladies. The laugh-making
rough-and-tumble of the men had to make
way to plain mesmerism when the females
were in evidence, and the fun was tame.
A few ludicrous situations, such as love
making and frenzied waltzing by those under
hypnotic influence, helped to while away a
couple of tedious hours. The redeeming feature
was when an apparently consumptive woman,
weighing hardly 100 pounds, was made to
show the strength ot an ordinary man. She
was in a state oi catalepsy and performed the
bridge act, with her feel on one chair and her
head on another, as cleverly as the robust hire
ling who preceded her.
At the Orpheum.
Quite a hit was made at the Orpheum last
night by the new Orpheum polkn, which
was cleverly played by the cornetists, A. H.
Knoll and Marie McNeil.
Eriward Heffernan, a new-comer, gave some
amusing Irish songs and monologue work,
and George Thatcher and Ed Marble, two
other additions to the bill, did some excellent
minstrel work, which won several encores.
The Hengler sisters hare returned for one
week only.and Lewis and Elliott have arranged
a new and amusing act, in order to add to the
attractiveness of Thanksgiving week.
The rest of the bill cousists of Lavater'sdog
orchestra, Howard and Bland, Burt Shepherd,
the twentieth century comedian, and the
Quaker City quariet.
"Hearts of Oak."
The Grand Opera-house began the week last
eveniug with James A. Herne's old successful
play, "Hearts of Oak." The piece hag always
been a iavorite here, with its vivid shipwreck,
its homelike country-house kitchen, and Crys
tal and the real baby. Howard Kyle was
Terry Dennison, the sailor, who comes back
Enoch Arden-like to contemplate his wife as
belonging to another, and his own tombstone
— a dismal welcome truly for the dying wan
derer. Victory Bateman played her role of
sweetheart and wife quite feelingly. "Hearts
of Oak" will be given all the week.
At the Chutes.
The wet weather only temporarily casts a
damper on the Chutes, and the roller-skating
rink is iv operation rain or shine. This week
will be a gala one, as every schoolchild has
been presented with a ticket good for Thurs
day. Friday or Saturday afternoon. Thanks
giviux day Emil Markeberg wi.l make one of
his wonderful balloon ascensions and iv the
evening there will be an elaborate display of
fireworks. "Arion" still rides his bicycle on
the high electrical wire, and Pirri coasts down
the chutes on his wheel every night.
Tivoli Opera- H«.u«e.
The pretty performance of i: Donna Juanlta,"
which began its second week at the Tivoii last
night, suffered, as did several other attrac
tions, from the rain, and the new bllis which
were being exploited elsewhere. The house,
although small, was liberal with its applause,
however.
Columbia Theater.
The second week of "Humanity" opened at
the Columbia last night to an audience which
no doubt owed its meager proportions to the
rain and the counter attractions elsewhere.
The play will run for the rest of the week.
The popular Zeisler orchestral concert takes
place next Sunday evening at tne Baldwin
Theater.
ff|^^ GlQt Many thousand dollars -B
Hr '%£~ worth of valuable articles g
j¥ I OLIB" ■; -V suitable for Christmas H
I G!hi a i^'f 3 &¥i2ic; 1 ts or t^ ie y° un £ an< * 1
1 ■1 1 I©LI 1 ■ €2: © I old; are to be given to B
|k GiftS / smokers of Blackwell's -^
ik „ 1 Genuine Durham To- H
I^^Fr©©^^ bacco. You will find |
,. T -^^^^ • one coupon inside each ~ |||
■ two ounce bag, and two WB ™ l "" if^^^-; g
| coupons inside each four jrft|ft*|fii»«||'«L^ f
J ounce bag of Blackwell's Bla6 !l ; *\|
tea Durham. .Buy a bag of/ GfiIIKHIIB if
| this celebrated tobacco Bs^Bßjiav hi bhmi |
H and read the coupon — 1 gf^ \ lift HIS
P which gives a list of val- \U(pl lUfff IhJ|
Hi uable presents arid how \, __ - iB
tS^S \r\ CTp-f I'll PIT! HOfIRGR .A^F 5%^
V*^^. Dr. Giblbon's Dispensary,; ':":■•* '•- ':':::'':"..
fflaft^l^-^KKAILXYST. Kstabllshpd ftfliCQX COMPOUND
fi 5 ; i© Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, SSm'^Ja RmvA M7fl« «L
I <>:?.'> KKAK.VY NT. Kstabllshed MSSHE&HBF W/fgfty f?fl»flPftllMW
*i.>l*r.4forthetr™tmentoil"rivate ■VP'A Bl^V V A !»• ■* «L
EIAJjC)* W Ulseanes. Lost Manhood. Debility or JKR /I J!Sgs%lr «fl D3 B ff *S?
»ilispase wearing on bodyand mind and : : mOm JTMm MW M '•* lTM&iii3+&
Vfta/jSelren hkin Diseases. 7 i'h«>doctorcures\vhcii Wm Safe and tore relirf; never laiL others
■ otbeisfail. Try him. Charges low. E£?7 are Imitations. At all druKKlsts. Write for
U ? SL S**-*/Jll«'iFlf Pan .'ti: d ' Cal orwrite ' ,'JSSS Woman* Safeguard FREE. "WILCOX JiUDl-
iis. J. v, mints. Box 1937. ban JTranclsca 1 ;■' •*" ciNS Co., 22&50. Eighth St., Fhilad*., fa»
SELLLW OUT
at HALF COST— wagons. buggies, CARTS
-.» AM) harness op KVKRY de-
BCRH'TIOX. both New anl
- Second-hand.
ivirrr"? OFFER REFUSED
1122-1128 MISSION STREET.
• " MADIGAN & CO.
SIMILAR TO ACTUAL WARFARE.
General Ruger Has a Plan for Extending
the Scope of the Field Practice
of the Army.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 23.-A Herald
Washington special says: General Ruger
has suggested plans for the extension of
field practice of the three arms of the mil
itary service. He advocates the acquiring
of suitable ground of small value for agri
culture or other use convenient to the sta
tions of military companies in the Depart
ment of ihe West and throughout the
country where target practice may be had,
the land being of such variety of surface
as to admit of free movements and tiring
without concern as to limit, to simulate
ligat artillery action in battle.
The ground might also t>e used for a
large garrison, to which several regiments
of infantry, one of cavalry and light bat
teries might be sent in turn one or two
years, to constitute practically a training
school for young officers for duties of com
mand. In a comparatively short time
there will be no officers on the active list
of the army who have bad opportunity
for command or of observation of military
exercises of considerable bodies of troops.
Appropriations will be asked for tbe pur
pose of this proposition and tor massing
bodies of iroops for exercises similar to
actual warfare. These assemblages are to
take place frequently, and it is intended to
join with them the organized forces of
the different States ior instructions. The
proper arming and drilling of militia is
one of the cardinal components of the
plans proposed for the extension of the
military strength of the country.
The passage of the pending bill for the
increase of the military force of the regu
lar army is to be strongly urged by the
Secretary of War in his forthcoming an
nual report, and it will be strenuously
urged in the next Congress along with
other pending legislation "tor the increase
of the army in efficiency.
The army is unquestionably in a better
condition in every respect than ever be
j fore in its history. The officers are better
equipped for their duties, both theoret
ically and practically, and the men are of
a better class morally and physically and
are better housed, armed, instructed and
drilled.
It is unlikely that the United States will
establish a military post iv Alaska for the
present. General £. S. Oti?, commanding
the Department of the Columbia, in his
annual report to the general commanding
the army, says that under tne existing
conditions no benelicial results could be
expected from the services of the troops in
the Territory, and as the civil officars do
not need their aid in the southern and
more populous sections, their presence in
the Territory is not required.
Clears up a Myiteriou* Theft.
KEWANEE, 111,, Nov. 23.— The con
fession of Charles B. Bull to the robbery
of $4800 from his employers, Otto and
Henry Rastede, clears up a mystery
which has puzzled the Sheriff of this
county and his deputies for three weeks.
Bull's employers kept their valuable pa
pers and money in a tin box whicti was
b'-iricd under the front porch because
Henry Rastede's wife objected to so much
money being fcept in the house. Bull saw
him come from under the porch, stole the
treasure when his employers were absent
and buried the treasure in a corn field.
For Fnlnifying iteturn*.
DENVER, Colo., Nov.. 23.— The jury
in the case of the German National Bank
officers, President Ruthman, Cashier
Clinton and Assistant Cashier Kunsmiller,
charged witn falsifying returns to the
Comptroller prior to the failure of the
bank in 1893, has been out forty hours.
Jud^e Riner called them into court this
morning anci urged them to agree upon
a verdict. The trial has lasted ten days.
The Judge charged strongly against the
prisoners.
■National Municipal League..
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Nov. 23.— At a
meeting of the executive committee of
the National Municipal League held here
the following organizations were admitted
to affiliated meniLership: Civic Federa
tions of Dcs Moines, lowa, and Denver,
Colo., Good Government Club of Cedar
Kapitis, lowa, and League for Better City
Government of Los Angeles, Cai.
\o Eire! ion in One County.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 23.— There is a
county in the Isnited States that did not
know of the National election. It is
Charlton County, Georgia. According to
the maps there are several towns in IDo
county, with Traders Hill as the county
seat, but all efforts of the Secretary of the
State to get returns from there have prov^ d
unavailable, and it is put down as a
certainty that no election was held in the
county.
For Arretira in Alimony.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 23.—Washing
ton Burton, importer and dealer in flavor
ing extracts at 77 Barclay street, was
arrested to-day at the instance of his wife,
Harriet Burton of Brooklyn, who has
brought proceedings to recover arrears of
alimony.
1112
GRANNAN HAD HIS
"DOPE" WITH HIM
The Plunger Took Nearly
$10,000 Out of the
Ring.
Had His Coin on Every Winner
With the Exception of Shield
Bearer.
Palm?rston Scored the First Time
Out— The'ma Beat Kamsin in a
Hard Drive.
When Riley Grannan, the plunger, arose
from his couch yesterday morning he
must have taken down from his shelf of
turf "dope" books one labeled "Mud,"
for the slim young man from Kentucky
was in high-class form. He began the
day by backing Palmerston, who captured
tLe opening race, and followed it up by
playing the succeeding three winners. He
went astray on Shield Bearer, who finished
third in the final race on the card, but is
accredited with removing to his inside
pocket between $8000 and $10,000 of the
ring's surplus cash.
The track was in a fearfully slushy con
dition from the continuous downpour of
rain, and of course the mudlarks were in
demand. The crowd was quite successful
in picking them, as three well-backed
favorites splashed in ahead of their fields.
W T itn one exception the finishes were
close, being won in hard drives.
Palmerston, an Eastern horse running
in the colors of L. H. Kline, took the first
race of the day, backed down from 6 to 5
to 9to 10. Passing Jack Atkins and Nic
Nac opposite the paddock he beat the
first-named gelding out a neck in 1:05.
Kanisin, the homely son of Blazes, came
very, very close to landing the purse in
the event following, over seven and a half
furlongs. Backed from 7 to sto 13 to 10
he had the 11 to 10 choice, Red Glen, in
difficulties at the head of the stretch, and
soon assumed the lead. The last furlong
young Denni«on on T' elma got a great
move on, and catching Kamsin at the pad
dock the pair indulged in a hard drive,
which resulted in the brown mare getting
the verdict by a short head. The winner
was as eood as 8 to 1 in the betting.
The Iml* midget jockey, Johnny Woods,
rode the Bto 5 favorite Ricardo in the
next race— :i five and a half furlong dash,
decided under selling conditions — with the
skill of a veteran. Getting the geldinjr
away from the post second, he fell back to
lifth position and then making his run
through the stretch reached the stand two
lengths before Petrarch, which horse came
last at the end. Hueneme finished in the
show.
Although an unknown quantity in the
mud, Osric II was made a 3 to 5 favorite
for the six furlong selling sprint for two
year-olds. Principe had taken the lead
from Lady Looran by the time the bend
for home was reached, and in a furious
drive with the first choice the last six
teenth beat him out a half length. Lady
Looran was a good third.
Eight fast sprinters went to the post in
the final five and a half furlong spin.
Both Babe Murphy and Shield Bearer
were backed down from threes, the former
closing a slight favorite at 2to L Sport
McAllister and Banjo were aiso accorded
considerable support. As usual, the
speedy Quicksilver showed the way to the
stretch, where he blew up. Shield Bearer
later took up the running, but was passed
by both Babe Murphy and Sport McAliia
ter, the former winning in a fierce drive by
a scant head.
Notes.
The programme for the first week's rac
ing of the next Ingleside meeting was
issued yesterday. A most commendable
feature of the programme is the fact that
two events at a mile or over will be de
cided each day, for one of which a $500
purse is hung up.
Charley Thorpe, who will ride for Burns
& Waterhouse, arrived from the East yes
terday.
Pat Dunne disposed of Petrarch for $300
to Eugene Leigh prior to his race yester
day.
G. Walbaum, tie New York turfman, is
dtle here shortly.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, eleven - sixteenths of a mile
Belling— Zamlock 113, 12 Little Flush gelding
107. Picnic 107, Skalkaho 107, 128 Virgil
A 104. 129 Mount Roy 107, 135 Don Pio Pico
104, 122 Duke Stevens 112, 121 Agitato 109
Gosling 107, 61 Cardwell 105, 109 Duchess
Second race.eleven-sixteenthnof a mile, sell
ing—l3o Salisbury II 109, (113) Candor 109
(128) Charles A 102, 121 Encino 107. 135
Tonino 102, 117 Captain Coster 110, 133 Edge
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WJJ™ MEETING. Tenth day, ilonday, November 23, 1896. Weather rainy. Tr.ck
133.
FIRST BACE— Five furlongs; purse $300.
Index, j Horse, age, weight. St. I 14 1^
j Palmerston, 3....104 1 1 3 IZ~
117 iJack Atnlns, 3... 99 5 52
117 NicNac.3 102 4 42
102 (Isabella, 3 109 3 .. 21
128 Don Pi o Pico, 3... 99 6 610
128 Sir Philip, 3 108 2 In
! Alegsaudro, 3 110 8 7 h
'Rejected, 3 HO B 8
117 I Badger, 3 110] 7 9
%
3 1
6 h
In*
\%
8
7
9
Btr. Fin. _ Jockey. Op."""*!-
-3V 3 1% J. Oardner "1 "^5
5 3 22 Joe Weber...... 10 16
4 2 8 2 H. Martin 3 7.0
1% 42 Frawiey ... a 7
610 6 4 Clawson. ;:.'.. 6 7
2 3 610 5haw......"."" 10 20
7 710 a. Mclntyre.;;. 6 40
8 820 J. Karvaez .... 30 10
9 9 D1x0n..... 50 150
Good start.
Won handily. Winner, h. H. Kline's eh. c, by imp. St. Blaise-Emma.
Time, 1:06.
1 34 SECOND RACK -Jflfteen-sixteenths of a mUe. selling; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age. weight. I St. 14 % » A Str . FljL
■ 57 ;The.ma.s .....92 i 2 8 2 •3 1 34 TTii T~h"~
(105) Kamsln, 3... 105! 1 21% 23 26 lh 24
122 ! Red Glenn. 5 92 3 111*12 lit 2 8 lon
114 Howard, 6 108 4 4 4 4 % 4 \io\ i 0 •
Fin.
I
K. Dennlson 8 6
E. J0n55........ 6-5 6-6
Clawson.... ... 6-5 11-10
Shaw.. I 16 30
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Per.ect siart. Won drivlngT^Tnner. J. Naglee Burkes br. m., by John Happy-Pansy. Time. 1 :38W
35.
THIKI> KACK— Five and a half furlongs; selling; purse $350.
Ind. Horse, age, welcht. St 14 % */
112 Ricardo. 5 92 ITT 4 2 SIT "4 6
62 Petrarch, 4 110: 5 62 710 56
114 Hneneme. 4 101 1 "h 2h 3h
128 Edgemonnt, 3.... 91 7 3h In lh
85 Model, 4 103 10 7V. 514 a
120 Tonino, 3 104 » 822 BvL 7JA
36 Vernon, 4.. 108 3 6Vi 4?* 6 %
128 Irma, 4 94 8 9 9 9
Myron. 4. ........108 4 2h gh a n
121 Joe mil, a 105 9 10 10 10
21
34
6 1
52
7
8
9
10
Str.
1 2 J. Woods 11-5
2 2 W. Martin 6
3y» Frawiey 3
410 CUwßon- 8
610 U. Wilson 15
6 4 U. Whson 3
7 J. Griffin 20
Thompson 10
9 W. Flynn 15
10 H. smith 30
Fin.
Jocker.
Betting.
Op. . 1.
2
7-2
' :.•■•• 4
15
30
6
300
20
60
100
Good start. Won easily.
Winner. 8. V. Capp's eh. g., by Wilaidle-Blue .Bonnet.
Time, 1:11 V 4.
]36 FOUKTH R^C^Six furlongs; selling; purse *400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St.
_^4__ V% »^ atr. k
In 1 h lh lh
I?; p is 11
I !i I 1I 1 fl%f 1%
866 : 6
Batting.
Op. d.
Fin.
Jockey.
107 ! Principle. 2 102 2
104 Osric 11, 2 104 5
Lady 1/Ooram, 2.. 97 1
ISI Key del T:»rra, 2.110 3
131 Billy Vice. 2. 100 4
Marcia a, 2. 101 6
1 % H. Martin 3
2 4 E. Jones 1-2
3 4 Thompson 6
•4 3 toady m
520 Frawiey 60
6 H. Smith 80
11-6
3-6
8
15
100
200
Perfect start.
Won driving.
Winner, George Rose's b. g.,by i mp . Maxtm-Ventar*. Time, 1:18V 4 -
-37.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; Belling; purse $350.
Index.
Index. Horse. a?e, weight. I
101 I Babe Murphy, 4.. 98
(93>lspt McAllister, 4.107
(109) StiMa Bearer, 4.. 107
109 :K»nju. 5 104
14 I Jim Bozeman, 3.. 103
i*ir Reginald, a... 104
129 Quicksilver, 4. ...105
106 iCirover, 6 102
Horse. a?e, weight.
—M : J¥*_ : % _^_! Fln " jockey.
■?1::::::::? 1 :::::::: if |, 4 * If OSHS 711 "
1 :::::::: l h jfr «\; 3* T. Murphy..
2 6 4h 6 4 4 U.Martin
5 ........ 6% 6 .'5%; 620 Golden ..::"••
7 7, 7 7 ;6 3 Bragg.
8 .-»- B■■ - 8 8•; H. Smith...;..!;
Kt.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
»-2 
5-2
5 2
15 '
7
100
8 .
60
i:i Oood start. Won driVlD * winner, "* K»ei.-. U *"•' by EIU. U^lgto, : Tlmi;
mount 100, 73 La Flocha 104, Callena 102,
(117) Doubtful 102.
Third race, seventh-eighths of a mile, purse:
(110) Torsiua 101, 125 Moylan 104, (125)
Sir Play 101, 130 Thornhill 109.
Fourth race, one mile, selling— l 26 Coda 89.
(126) Joe Terry 98, (89) Heimauita 104, 126
Little Cripple 98, (122) Excuse 89, 121 Navy
Blue 99, 109 Flashlight 105, 129 Tuxedo 96.
121 Two Cheers 105, 99 Haymarket 93, 126
Artlcus 105.
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling—
(121) Braw Scot 105, (129) Peril 105, 116 Arno
107, Lucky Dor 112, 128 Zaragosa 103, 122
Seaside 107, 122 Monterey 106.
RODE ON A BUCK'S BACK.
An Adirondack Hunter Meetg With a
Thrilling Adventure.
Jerry Thompson is an excellent trapper
and a man of great fearlessness, but he
doesn't particularly care to repeat the
adventure that recently befell him. When
a man plunges through a wild and rugeed
region on the back of an infuriated deer,
he is having an experience which falls to
the lot of few, if any, men, and which
they, it may be safely assumed, little care
to have happen them, says the Philadel
phia Times.
That was Jerry's experience recently.
The fact that he was not killed by the
deer was due to his quick wit and extreme
agility. Jerry was wandering about the
Adirondacks in search of game, when he
suddenly encountered a big buck. Tne
meeting was so unexpected that both man
and animal were for the moment too sur
prised to act. Quick as was Jerry the
buck was quicker and before the luckless
hunter fully realized his position he was
rolling over and over on the ground with
the raging animal stamping furiously at
him.
Jerry struggled to his feet, but before he
had regained an upright position the buck
came at him with lowered head. It tossed
its huge antlers wildly about, and had it
not been for a sudden resolve that flashed
across his mind Jerry would have been
impaled upon the sharp prongs. When
the buck was just about to spear him
Jerry clutched the animal's antlers, and
in another moment he was astride the
much-surprised buck's back. Then came
a series of snortings, buckings and kick
ings which discounted the antics of any
bucking bronco that Jerry says he has ever
seen.
Half a mile was traversed before any
thing like a low tree came in the direction
of the buck's mad chase. Jerry braced
himself; he felt sure that if he were struck
by the lower limbs of the tree nothing
short of a miracle would save him. The
tree, happily, was not a young one, but
one that was stunted, and had poss.bly for
many years withstood the furious blasts
of wind tnat had howled through that
wild and desolate region. Its limbs were
stout.
On flew the deer. Nearer and nearer
came the tree. Jerry in his furious race
imagined that it was racing toward him,
eager to lay him low at the buck's feet.
When almost directly under the limb
which projected across the deer's pathway
Jerry by a powerful effort raised himseif
up and with a clutch of steel grasped the
friendly limb of the tree and swung him
self clear of the buck's back. In another
moment he had drawn himself up into the
tree. With an angry snort the buck
turned and charged at the tree. Stout as
was the tree, Jerry felt the impact dis
tinctly when the maddened head of the
deer struck.
BICYCLIST AND THE SNAKE
A Story Full of Details That Could Be
Scarcely Called Corroborative.
When a story about a snake is told it is
always taken with a grain of salt, but th»
following is told by a man whose veracity
I has never been questioned, and that every
word is absolutely true there is no doubt.
A half dozen wheelmen were sitting in
the shade of a tree on the Mendham pike,
between Mendnam and Morrisiown, N. J.,
wnen a man was seen approaching, push
ing a part of his wneel in front of him
and carrying the handle bars across his
shoulders. The wheel and rider both
looked dilapidated.
"You seem to have had an accident,"
said one of the party, addressing the man.
"An accident!" returned the stranger;
"I should think I have!" and he dropped
the broten wheel and staggered over
toward the shade. He was paie, and there
! was a haunted look about his face that
i made the other men think that he had
suffered some bodily injury in the acci
dent.
"I hope you have not hurt yourself,"
said the first speaker.
"No," answered th« man, "I am not
hurt physically, but if you fellows could
I have seen what 1 saw a mile back you
wouldn't feel quite chipper, either."
"What was it?" asKed one of the men.
"Tell ns about it."
"It was awful," said the man, and he
looked as though he were about to faint.
I "It was a snake — a great, big, poisonous
reptile. I saw him on the road and
thought I would run over him for fun.
When my wheel touched him he raised
his head and ran his fangs into the tire.
The tire exploded like the sound of a gun,
and, would you believe it, it blew that
snake's head clear off his body. I had a
puncture, but punctures are common with
wheelmen, and I was preparing to mend
it when 1 saw the links on the chain
break one by one and fail to the pround.
Then my handle bars began to change
color arid turned jet black. "I couldn't im
agine what it was for a time, but when I
saw the rest of the wheel begin to turn
black and shrivel up I realized that the
snake s poison had gone all through the
wheel."— New York Evening Sun.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
REV. R. V. BOWEN, the New Pastor of the New Jerusalem
(Swedenborgxan) Church.
WILLIAMS MUST
MAKE A DEFENSE
Judge Daingerfield Refused
to Instruct the Jury
to Acquit.
Witnesses Tell of the Circular
That Criticized Judge
Hebbard.
Mysterious Order for Printing Thou
sands of the Document — Array
of Legal Talent.
Lawyers, witnesses, jurors and inter
ested spectators thronged Judge Dainger
field's courtroom yesterday to participate
in the opening of the trial of Thomas S.
Williams Jr., who was indicted by the
Grand Jury on a charge of libeling Judge
Hebbard during the recent political cam
paign.
Judge Hebbard was a candidate for re
election and Williams was one of his most
active opponents. In company with
Beveral others, all depositors in the ue
funct Home Savings Bank, he issued a
circular charging Judge Hebbard with
being an unfair man in handling the
affairs of the bank, alleging that he un
justly dealt with the depositors, that he
allowed excessive compensation to John
F. Sheelian as receiver and manager of
the depleted institution, and that he per
mitted Attorney James Aiva Watt to
draw exorbitant fees for legal services.
When court opened Judge Hebbard was
seated with District Attorney Barnes, and
while the selection of the jury was going
on he displayed much, activity in
scrutinizing the names drawn from the
box and in suggesting questions durimr
tne examination of the talesmen. W. W.
Foote and Julius Kahn are associated
with the prosecution, while the defense is
represented by Henley & Costello, George
W. Baker, Crittenden Thornton and
Charles B. Darwin.
District Attorney Barnes, when inquir
ing into |the qualifications of proposed
jurors, was careful to ascertain whether
any of them are acquainted or friendly
with Judge Hebbard. John F. Sheehan
Alvinza Hayward, Rolla V. Watt, Jaraes
Cross, James Aiva Watt, George Stone,
Henry Eickhoff, Jeremiah Lynch or W.
T. Baggett, it being understood that the
acts of those gentlemen in connection
with the wrecked bank will be closely scru
tinized during the trial.
Following are the names of the jurors
impaneled to try the case: John D. Rob
ertson, John Riordan, T. R. Horton, John
M. Donlon, Adolph Tacksher, Orri'n Bai
ley, Meyer Cahen, Alfred Eis-len, Charles
M. Christopher. M. H. Gaffney, John
Percy, John M. Mehrtens.
Thomas Curtin, a detective, testified
that he has known Williams for sixteen
years. He met Williams in his tailor
store a few days before the last election.
He went into the store to have a suit of
clothes fitted. While he was putting on
a coat Williams handed him a copy of the
circular on which foe charge oi'libel is
based. The witness did not see any other
copies of the circular. At this point a
copy of the circular was introduced in ev
idence and identified by the witness.
Mr. Curtin said that when he first went
into Mr. Williams' store they began to
talk about the clothes, and soon after he
handed the circular to the witness, who
said he read it and remarked that it was
pretty hot stuff. To this McCarthy replied
that tnere was something more coming
that more circulars were being printed.
Mr. Curtin admitted that he was subse
quently employed to do some service in
the case. He was employed by Henry
Eickhoff, and some of his (Curlin's) em
ployes shadowed Williams alter the print
ing of the circular.
On cross-examination Attorney Barclay
Henley secured an admission by Mr. Cur
tin that he was not sure that the circular
introduced in evidence was the same as
the one shown him by Mr. Williams. He
had not read over the paper just sub
mitted to him, but from what examina
tion he had made he thought the two
documents were identcial. He would not
undertake to repeat the substance of the
charge against Judge Hebbard, beyond
the fact that it said the Judge had ap
pointed John F. Sheehan receiver of tne
bank, for which the latter had drawn
down $500 a month. He explained that
Mr. Williams refused to let him lake the
circular, saying that it was the only copy
he had.
Frank Cowles, a tailor, testified that
Williams handed him four copies of the
circular on October 27, telling him to dis
tribute them among his friends.
Attorney Henley objected on the
ground that this related to the 27th of
October, whereas the indictment was
found on October 24. This objection was
overruled.
"Did Mr. Williams tell you anything
about the printing of the circular?" asked
,Mr. Foote.
The witness answered: "Williams told
me that he had a few of tne circulars
printed and that somebody else got in and
got a lot more printed, something like
70,000 or 75,000, he didn't know exactly
which."
This was regarded as important by the
friends of Judge Hebbard as it is intended
to make a further inquiry as to the iden
tity of the persons who manifested such
unusual interest in the defeat of Judge
Hebbard.
At the conclusion of Mr. Cowles' testi
mony the prosecution rested its case,
whereupon Attorney Henley moved that
the court instruct the jury to bring in a
verdict of acquittal.
In support of his motion Mr. Henley
contended that the publication of the circu
lar, even if proved, was a privileged com
munication because it was addressed to
voters touching a person who at that time
was asking for the suffrages of the electors
of this City and County. Malice, he said,
could not be presumed, and aa the exis
tence of malice had not been proved
ainrmatively the j lry oui:ht to acquit.
Attorney Foote replied that the bare
circumstances showed malice; t!>at it was
established by testimony that VN illiams
distributed the circulars after his atten
tion had been called to the matter by an
indictment; thatt he circular bore intrinsic
proof of malice on its face, because it was
apparent on the reading that the words
were clearly outside of legitimate criti
cism even of a candidate for public office.
Judge Daingerfield took Mr. Foote's
view of the case and refused to instruct
the jury to acquit, and the taking of tes
timony for the defense will begin at 10
o'clock this morning.
JOKE ON JAY COULD.
Hia Wicked Partner, Jim Flak, Checked
Out Mi- Bank Account.
Fisk liked a joke on bis partner better
than anything else in the world. Gould
kept a balance of some $30,000 in the
Tenth National Bank for his personal ac
count, household expenses, etc. Being
called West on a mission that lasted sev
eral weeks, he left his checkbook locked in
the safe drawer, to which Fisk i.ad a key.
In the office was a clever young clerk
whom Fisk had causht in the act of imi
tating his and Gould's signatures, the
imitation of Gould's being a facsimile.
Within an hour after cne Wizard's de
parture checkbook and clerk were to
gether under Fisk's supervision, and at
nis instigation more than a dozen blank
checks were signed with the name of Jay-
Gould, and in the course of a month the
$30,000 ha<i disappeared, Fisk being att'iat
time in the clutches of Josie Mansfield.
On the very day of Gould's return the
bank sent a notice of overdraft. The little
man nearly fainted. He had several fits.
His excitement was intense. He declared
that there was a conspiracy to ruin him.
He hastened to the bank and they
showed him the checks, signed by himself
tliey did not doubt, and he raved and tore
his hair. Nor could he doubt the signa
ture. It was genuine, even in his own
eyes. A rigid investigation was started,
which Fisk put an end to Dy informing
Gould, with many a poke in the ribs, that
he had drawn and used the money.
"Did Fisk make it good?" an innocent
asked when the story was told.
"Return the $30,000?" was the reply.
"If Fisk had returned it Wall street would
have cried."— New York Press.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nlßht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock:.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opm»
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTIC.E OF MKlfiTlNtrS*.
Ct^=» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 6, jT~
«*-*' H. A. M., will meet THIS (TUKS- A
DAY) EVENING, November 24, at "•.SO^Tjf
clock. M. M. degree, fßy order of the/^r^
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
K^g" MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. m
* Js ' and a. M.— Called meeting TO- I%_
MORROW (WEDNESDAY), 1 P. M., at 'KIT
Masonic . Temple, : to conduct the funeral
services over the remains of our late brother,
MATHEW PETERSON. By order of the W. M.
■ v ' CD. BUNKER, Sec.
JFP2P ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. If. «
lb J^ and a. M. — Third degree THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. lTjf
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /^r>
jt^=» PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. <■
*^^ and A. M., 121 Eddy St.— Meets _^k_
THIS EVEN I at 7:30 o'clock. D. 2. Jf
GKOHGE PENLINGTON. .-cc. />r>
VT~^ ('OLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, •
"^-^ F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A.
(TUESDAY) EVENING, November 24, Jtjt
at 7:30 o'clock. D. 3. --..-- /V>
''■'■ •' . ' GEO. J. HOBH, Sec.
ffiCSpFUNERALNOTICE.— OFFICERS Sf-
•~-*^ and members of Alem&Dia Lodge f^
No. 8, K. of P., are requested to attend the3%c»K<i
funeral of our late brother, H. I'.ACKKII, j&KIZj
on TUESDAY, November 24. at 1 p. M.. ai a . of
P. Hall. By order of - H. L. UDELL, C. C.
W. l. Daws. K. of R. 8.
W^£* masonic HALL ASSOCIATION —
•-*^ Stockholders' meeting. Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Masonic . Hall ■ Association of
the City of • San 1 Francisco, . for the •■" elec-
tion of nine trustees and a treasurer, will be
held in the Masonic Temple, in the city of San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
ber, 1896. Polls will be open from 12 it. until 3
»' M . .. UFO. JOHNSON. Secretary.
(SPECIAL NOTICES.'
BSg=* GA.S FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR;
&^' cheapest place in . the city. H. HO*'-
fcCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate avp. - ■■ .
gCSS» BAD TENANTS* EJECTED FOR $4;
- e^ rollcctlon.i made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 jlontgy st. room 6. Tel. 6580.
.fcITUATIONS >» A>Tlii>-ir*:MALK. .
I(MR!ST-CLABS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
X situation: 3 years last place; city or country.
MISS OULLEN. 323 Sutter st. .... ■
EKMAN EMPLOYMENT, OFFICE, 306 MA-
son st, furnishes best help of all nationalities.
HOUSEWORK WANTED BY. A YOUNG
woman with child 4 years old; also a good
seamstress: wages no object 1319% Larkin st,
near Call torn la. \ -' ' ■
'Ay ANTED— SITUATION BY RESPECTABLE
- '• young girl as first-class cook; or would do
general • housework. '.- Call J at • present employer's,
"25 Turk st. ■■;.■■'"■■-•■■ .:..-... ..
V""eat RELIABLE young GIRL. WISHES
Xi situation to do housework or chamberwork;
willing to assist with children. » Call • 45 : Ruts ; st,
near Howard. ..- :.^SriB|MMBKMEiHGEVBHiSHK
QEAM6TREBB, GOOD CUTTER AND FITTER.
>■-> would like place in family; would assist with
, chamberwork; good references. Address . Seam-
stress, box 44, Call Office. ■
SITUATIONS WAXTED-Contlnnflrt.
O in store or restaurant: references. 309 a Wal-
ler st • .-. . ...■■-■,, .:..:-
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
O as housekeeper. 3 Hardie place, off Kearny,
bet. Bush and Sutter, room 5, fourth floor.' r •
ESPECTABLE young girl wishes
XX, place for light housework and care of children.
821 Howard si., room 28. • - . . ■ -
OMAN WANTS WORK A3 CuOK OR
housework. 218 Ninth st
l) FIRST-CLASS SWEDISH GIRLS. STitONG
— and healthy, want cooking: wages $25 to $30: .
city references. Apply 9jB Willow St.. West Oak-
land. ' .
\y OMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES SITUA-
■" ion city or country; housework . preferred ;
small wages. 221 Minna st '.
"DELIA BLE WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
Xt as nurse and housekeeper; thoroughly under-
stands her business. 1163 Market st ■
U-OMPETKNT AMERICAN CiIKL FORGES-
eraI housework. Call or address 3 Martha
place, above Mason st
VOU.NU LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
X chambermaid or taking care of child. 633
Francisco st., near Taylor. -
A GREEABLE YOU NT; WOMAN WITH
A child wishes a position as housekeeper: city
or country: references; no triflers. Address
MRS. E. M.. box 147, Call office.
GOOD INDUSTRIOUS GERMAN WOMAN
wants place to do chamberwork and help in
the kitchen; boarding-house or hotel ; 677Va Mis-
sion st.
WOMAN WANTS SEWING TO D O AT
■11. home: cleans and repairs clothing. 114
Fourth St., room 15.
OMAN. IS A GOOD LAUNDRESS, BEAM-
s.ress and would like to make herself gener-
ally useful, wants a situation in private family.
G. L., box 166, this office.
"POSITION AS COOK BY AN AMERICAN;
X country hotel. Institution or boarding-house. 4
Martha p:acc, off Geary, bet Mason and Taylor.
OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X companion and to do some light work or
take care of grown children. , Call 1122 Golden
Gate aye. « ■
YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES~PLACE TO AS-
X gist with light work and do dressmaking; un-
derstands ail cutting, fitting, draping and design-
ing; $3 per week. Call Monday at 512 Larkin st.
OMPETENT WOMAN WISHr.S A PLACE
\J as first-class cook In a private family or first-
class boarding house. Address D. V., 91 Ninth st.
/CAPABLE ELDERLY WOMAN, GOOD COOK,
\J housekeeper, seamstress, wishes situation im-
mediately. Add. M us. W.. box 133, Call Office.
V OUNU LADY.-UNDESrANDTNO SEWING,
X wants work with dressmakers; moderate pay.
Miss DA VI:*. 1004 Larkin al.
\\r IDOVV WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
»' working housekeeDeer in small family or
widower's home. 860V2 Market st, room 18. -
IpOK BEST HELP OF ALL NATIONALITIES
T call or address Scandinavian Employment Of-
flce, 107 O'Farrell st . .
OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
X as housekeeper: city or country. Apply 117
Eddy st. , room $1. * -
\v INCHES iEK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NX.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c 10 $1 60 per night:
II 50 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable;
In-* l.us and baggage to and from the lenrv. -
SITUATIONS VVANTiiO-aiALK.
p^R^tA^f^VH^T^N^ER^AIcDT^ARDENt
VT In?, the care of horses, can milk, etc., wishes
situation around private place; best references. L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
UNTEK A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office, 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal. ; lei. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
pHINKSE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4141/2 O'FarrelL Tel. F. 426.
/CHINESE JAPANESE: ESI 'D. 20 YEARS;
V'help:tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY A.CO.. 64O Clay.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. 73,
O st Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy st: tel. Main 6234.
VI AN AND WIFE (EASTERN PEOPLE).
i'« private place; man understands care horses,
cattle ana grounds: wife competent cook and
housekeeper or second work. Address A. 8., box
39. Call. .
RCHARDIST, MARRIED, WANTS POsJ-
\J lion as superintendent: 15 years' Callfornian
experience from nursery to packing and drying
vine.i, stock and general farming; Al references.
Address Practical, 312V4 Fulton st.
COMPETENT MAN AND WIFE FOR LAUN-
\J dry-work; wife first-class fancy-wonter; wages
moderate. Address M. W., box 84. this office.
YOU.NG MARRIED MAN WANTS POSITION
X In wholesale hou>e or any kind of work; must
have work. Please call or address 317 Vallejo st.
,' AN TED-SOMETHING TO DO; SALARY
not so much an object as being employed.
Address M., box 98. Call.
POSITION ON RANCH BY YOUNG MAN;
competent to take charge: good ranch black-
smith and carpenter: understands orchard and
vineyard work in all its branches; references. C.
M., 681 Mission .
"Y"OUNG married man, GOOD DRIVER,
X good ju'ge 1 cylon and Indian teas, like 10 hear
of any employment: town or country willing do
anytnlng. '.'. JAMES, 3 liaigtust.
POSITION WANTED BY COMPETENT
- - cook arrived from the East; best reference; no
postals. Apply 1222 Folsom st
SHU A ITON WANTED AS COACHMAN;
Swedish; first-class horseman; understands
care of cows, gardening, etc.; best references.
Ad.ress C. E., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
L. IKST-CLASS BARBER WANTS STEADY
X 1 work. Address Reliable, box 24, Call Office.
ISH WASHER WANTS WORK. - Z. X.,
U box 169, this office. .
"[EXPERIENCED MAN AND WIFE WISH
Hi positions to do chamberwork. Address K. L.,
box 159, this office. ,
ITUaTIoN WANTED BY A MECHANIC,
capable of dolngmostall repairs fora building;
will do most anything; reference. M., box 84,
Call Office.
WANTED — STEADY WORK BY YOUNG
man (German) 10 wash dishes, assist in cook-
ing, housework or other 'work: city or country.
Please address H. MILLER, 631 Sacramento st,
room 85.
\\T ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN (GERMAN)
1 1 1 ' with some experience, place to wait at table;
small wages Please address H. F., box 101, tall.
ANTED— A POSITION IN WHOLESALE
'» house by industrious young man; willing to
start from the bottom and work up; best of refer-
ences from last employer; will give any one $50
in gold coin for steady place. Address D. CL box
118, Call Office. ■ - ■ ■
JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS A PLACE:
O speaks English well. GEORGE, 22 Prospect
place. -■■■'■' -■ - ■ ■ ■ ■
"I7IKENCHMAN, GOOD GARDENER, WANTS
X situation; understand to drive and take care of
horses- Address R. H., 231 ' Montgomery aye.,
city.
INMATE OF GOOD TEMPLARS' HOME FOR
Orphans, boy 14 years of age, recent graduate
from grammar school, having obtained free tui-
tion to Heuld's .business college, wishes place to
work morning and evening ■ for his , board and
clotbes while attending scbooL Address Matron,
G. T. Home, Vallejo, CaL . .
TVJ EAT AND RELIABLE JAPANESE SEEKS
Xi position doing some work every morning, after-
noon or night X- KM, 709 Geary st.
TBADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
of any kind; can keep books and correspond in
Spanish and 'English; city reference. S. Y.M.,
box 44, Call Office.
LICENSED ENGINEER DESIRES SlTUA-
tion; either city or country. Address P. O.
box 2432, San Francisco, Cal.
ANTED— BY YOUNG MAiN OFOOODHAB-
" Its and abilities, care of a place: good refer-
ences. Address A. J. P. ELDRIDGE, Sonoma
County. ral. . '
T) Y A MARRIED COUPLE (GERMAN) ON A
X) ranch or vineyard: l.> years' experience; first-
class recommendation; wages reasonable. Farmer,
box 20, Coll Office.
INCUKSTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electrio lights in every room; 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per nigh-; $1 60 to $6 per
»«H*k: . f r*e bin anrt bagra"" to ami from the ferry.
itiIALE HIiLP WANTtD.
AUNDRESS, 825 TO $30. MISS CULLEN,
J 323 Sutter st .
ECOND GIRL, $25; NURSE, $25: 20 HOUSE-
O work girls, city and country, $20 and $26: 8
young xiris, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 sutter St. ' ■
I)EFINED GERMAN SECON* GIRL, . $20.
i MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
IRISH CATHOLIC GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK,
X Salinas, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 SuttersU
TVTEAT GERMAN GIRL: LIGHT WORK; $12;
XI ' sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
"VTEAT HOUSE WOKK G~IKLrS2S"TO $30; 2 IN
X> family. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
■\TEAT YOUNG GIR .; ASSIST: $12. MISS
IN CULLKN, 323 SuttersU - -°
CIHAMBERMAID, $16. ML-.S CUL.LEN, 323
) Sutter st . >. '
\y AIIRESS, FIRST CLASS, COUNTRY Hf>
'» tel. $20; waitress, assist plain sewing, $15- 2
German cooks and general housework girls. $20-
-second sin, $16; young girls to assist with house-
work, $10 to- $15. CR.,HANBEN ACO 110
Geary st. .:•■:. ■- • .-.■■ :.-.■- . ■ -..-.- ,- : •• .
WAITRESS, FIRST-CLASS HOTEL, $20- 2
. second girls in city and country, $20; 2 cooks
German slrle, $25 and $30, and a lane number of
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT «fc CO 31b
utter st '. .. . . \ ■
WANTED— GOOD IRONER FOR FRENCH
.laundry;. s3o and found. L. ANDRE •■v«;
Stockton st. ■;■■'•• . '..
EXPERIENCED .YOUNG LADY, ABOUT -'6
XJ year* of age to attend counter and make her-
self useful: small country bakery; $20 and formA '
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st ■■*■'- u '*" ' nle nt
Ir>RENCH SECOND UIRL, $15; SECOND GIrT
X' and sew, $20, near city; housework girls ett
MURK AY. A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay at . • employment
'ANTED, BY A 1 YOUNG EUROPEAN' GFv"
/» tie man, well-furnished room and home com"
forts, inclusive of board, with refined strictly
vate American family: references excbWi* s^"
ores. A. 8., box 62, Call Office.- cxcn * vu B*?'8 *?' Ad-
HELP WANTED- Continued.
CIOOK FOR FEW BOARDERS. $20, ROOM;
cook, $25 and room; 3 waitresses, $15 and room;
waitress, $20 md room: eirl for kitchenwork, $20
ana room ; waitress and -do some sewing, $20 and
room; waitress, choice place, .$2O and room: 3
lunch waitresses; German cook, • $35, < ; etc;
waitress, city, $20; girl, Eddy st,. $;o :
girl, Fair' Oaks st, $20: girl. Oou-h st.,
$15; girl. Hayes st . $12; middle-aged woman,
bacrameuto. Cat., $12; 2 housekeepers, $16; girl,
Gou*:h St., $20; girl, Scot St., $20: girl, Hayes St..
$15; young girl, Palo Alto; pirlfor Sonora.Cal., $20
to $25; sin, sixth st, $20: Kir:, Kddy st., $20; girl,
Broatiwny.s2O: glrl.Octavia st., $20: 13 sirs, $15:
9 girls, $20: 23 young elrls. $8. $10 and $12 per
month, assist, ' etc.;- nice families: 7 Oerman, 9
Swedish and 3 Danish girls. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket st •__ .
EXPERIENCED salesladies FOR CON-
-0 fectlonery MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
HEAD WAITRESS, $25 AND ROOM. MAR
XX TIN'S, 749 -Market St. '
IRST- CLASS IRONER ON LADIES.'
clothes: good wages paid to right party. Acme
Hand Laundry. 1641 Broadway, Oakland.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK: WOOD
Dome. 4303 Twenty-fourth st nr. Douglass,
west of Castro. ■ ■ '. ■
"\A/ A-\Tr.D— GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING
» ' and general housework in small family; wages
$20. Apply bet. 8 and 12 a. M. 1815 Bruderick st.
\»; ANTED- FIRST-CLASS ' PANTS-FINISH-
•■ « » er. 8 Grant aye., upstairs.
r\ EKMAN GIRL OR WOMAN, GOOD PLACE,
VT $16; 3 girls, $20: 4girls. $15; 10housew»rk
and assist. man Employment Office, 306 Mason.
ANTED, FOR DEC. 1, A PROTESTANT
girl for general housework in a family of five:
must be a good cook; reference required; wages
$20 per montu. Address J. S. M-, box 63. Call.
A -VIED - YOUNG LADY COMPOSITOR
» » for board, etc. chance for increase. Address
Weekly, box 102, Call.
YOUNG GIRL, AGED 16, TO TAKE CARE OF
X children. .1413^ Scott st .
\ OU-NU IiIKL FOR HOUSEWORK; WAGES
X $15. 1808 Larkin st -
\\T ANTED— OPERATOR ON CUSTOM COATS.
"V 108 Battery. ■
VOnNQGIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework.- 2318 Clay st
p IRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK; AS-
VX si»t cooking. i; 45 Fourth jU. upstairs.
OOD VESTMAKER. 107 MISSION ST.,
VJT room la
YV' ANTED— GIRL TO DO LIGHT • HOUsjE-
* ' work in family of 3. Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
1306 Hayes st, near Deviaadero. ,
\V' ANTED— FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
'»' work. 2811 Buchannan st.
ANTED— AN APPKtNTICr. FOR DRESS-
making; good sewer. -424 Post st .
ANTED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MlL-
liuery school; every lady her own milliner;
ladies prepared for the business. Removed from
410 Leavenworth st to a2Vi Geary, room 46.
"\riGUT SCHOOL NOW OPEN. FLYNN'S
XI Dreai-cutting and Making School, 14 McAllister
EARN IjRESSCUTTING AND FITTING:
skirt patterns.2sc MCDOWELL'S. 636 Market
airdkessing. Manicuring LESSONS:
reasonable. Miss D0y1e,212 Powell; 106 Ninth
OSEDALE HOUSE. 321 ELLIS. NR. TAY-
■ lor— loo furnished rooms; 25c night; $1 week.
AIKDRESSING. «6c AX.i 35c: AFTER-
noon classes: 10 lessons. $1 5a 1248 Mission.
rAN TED— MEN AND WOMEN To LEARN
' barber trade: only & weeks required; tools
given and catalogue senu £. IT, Barber School,
1515 Howard »i. /*
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
JX Winchester House. 44 Third st. near Market:
VO\) rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $4
p«-r wivt: free 'bus and fiaggayw to an'i from i«>rrv.
BIAL.K tlliLf MfANXKD,
tSesTAURA^NT B UTT^HE^TiHsT^LARTIN^sT
XV 749 Market. . ,
COOK, $40 AND ROOM; CALL EARLY.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market.
MAN AND WIFE, RANCH, $30. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
WAITER, $30 AND ROOM; WAITER, $25
"" and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st,
MAN AND WIFE, COOK AND HELPER, $35,
room, etc. .MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
BROILER, RESTAURANT, $60; RESTAU-
runt butcher, $50; broiler, hotel, $40; mfil
and pastry cook, country hotel, $80: ironer, coun-
try laundry. $25 to $30. C. R. UaNSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st. • : ;
1 n EXTRA waiters with cloth
lv/ jackets. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary.
BAKER, COUNTRY SHOP, NO. 1 PLACE;
XJ cabinet-maker, city: 5 wire-nail operators; 2
shoemakers; 20 tl«>makers, 8c each; stableman;
farmer and wife, south, $30: 6 farmers, $20, $25
and $30. MURRAY A READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS, CITY AND COUNTRY, $30, $40 AND
$50: 3 second cooks, $35 and $40 and found;
3 waiters. $15, $20 and $30. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay at .. •;■■( ...
/ 'OOK, COUNTRY RESTAURANT, $30 AND
V' room; 3 waiters, country hotel, $23. R. T.
WARD A CO., 608 and 610 clay st
Vir ANTED — BROI..EK, $60; WAITER FOR
■ " coffee-house, $25; washer, who speaks
Spanish, $15 to $20: potwasber, $25: English or
Irish coachman, »35, city, references. L. AN-
DREA, 315 Stockton si.
APANESE KITCHEN AND DINING-ROOM
crew of 6 persons, $130. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st. .
ASTRY AND SHORT-OKDER COOK, $45.
HOTEL GAZETTr. 420 Kearny st.
BARK McNEAR SAILS FOR MELBOURNE
about November 29: accommodations for pas-
sengers. Apply CAPTAIN PEDERsEiS, Mission-
st. wharf No. 2. .
AN TO DO GENERAL WORK IN REST
. rant, $20 a month. German Employment
Office, 306 Mason st ;
BOYS TO ADVERTISE HALF-MILLION
Club cigars. Entrance Mechanics' Pavilion. .
I*,' ANTED— GOOD LUNCH WAITERS. 25c
*" and carfare. 1245 Kentucky st, nr. Twentieth.
FIRST-CLASS SHOEMAKER ON REPAIR-
-1 ing. NOLAN BROS., 814 Market st. . , . .
T>USHELMAN WANTED. APPLY charles
X> ADAMS, 1384 Market st
XPERIENCiSD MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
X\i the manufacture of glue; before 8 o'clock.
26 Montgomery st., room 17.
GOOD SHOEMAKER WANTED. 614 BEC-
X ond st.
ASHIER FOR RESTAURANT, $50 MONTH;
must give $100 cash security. German- Em-
ployment Office, 306 Mason st
PRESSMAN WANTED ON ~ COATS. 834
Howard st.
H. EMAKER ON REPAIRING: ONLY BO-
ber need apply. 202 Sixth st
PARTNER WANTED, WITH SMALL CApT-
X tal, In tailor business. 318 Bush.
'AITEK AND ALL-AROUND DISHWASH~
er. 1416 Howard st. ; .Jl early.
SHOEMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING;
2 steady men on new work: steady. 202 Fifth.
SCHOOLTEACHERS (COUNTRY) DESIRING
O remunerative employment; odd hours or all
time. R. W. McGARVIE, 636 Mission st
'ANTED- A BUSHELMAN To BUY A
»» good-paying tailor-shop: plenty work on hand-
very cheap. 1206 Flllmore st '
AN WITH SMALL CAPITAL; AGENCY
business: new plan; $25 weekly guaranteed
215 Sansome st, room 12.
OEAMEN— COMPLETE COURSE IN NAVI"
0 gallon: only $15. Pacific Nautical Academy
215 Sansome st, room 11. ™ r '
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order; $2 50. 959 Howard, nr sixth.
TpOR FULL AND CLEAN 10c MEAL OR
J coffee and cakes 5c go to 13yi, Grant aye.
\,y ANTED, Iu COLLECT WAGES DUE 1 A Jtnu
V* ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy UP S?uet
VV ANTJSD-1000 MEN DUBLIN LOTUS BAR^
" ber-shop; shave, sc: haircut, 10c. 207 Fourth
E L 2^,°25 H c^g0 h e n B ,ggggggpsl3oMS
I>EOKUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITi.iT
hi te L Marlne Cor *>* United Stote^ nIvV
able-bodied unmarried men, between the age's of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United -tAro.
mamm
TJOOMS PAPKRED, $2 60; WHITFVKn *y~.
Wanted- an idea.- whUcan think n»
■"\r*;W-.- WALDO house,- 765 mission rkt
iiiiiiiiinii
Vy.AMED-500 MEN TO-DAY TO EAT ni,«T
V> 6c and lOc meal*. ; old Kconom v?« nlf "I 3 /
JV HE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LOnnTVoI
1 .»onse in town, LlndeU House^th and°j??i^
j W JNCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIKD HT ku~
JOWLY WANTXD-ContinaAd.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 50 per week.
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacinc House. Commercial and l.etdesdorff sts.— jg
1 00 MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 100^
-i'7\_f and -20c a nlgnt. including coffee and roils.
oil Washington st , near Kearn.v. .-
r PRY ACME HOUSK. ■ B*7 . MAKKi/i' ST.. UK- •
X low Kixtii. lor a room; . 26c a nipht: $1 a week.
\y ANTED-BINGLi. ROOMS, 18c A DAY: $1
» » week; rooms for 2, 25c :i day. $1 50 a, week;
readla E . room; daily papers. 36 Clay st : -
"I? Simon wants 100 Mr.N tv i.et bot-
-»-<• tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
OOOMs 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 50
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st
N X ,?' O»AND, 246 THIRD-SUNNY ROOMS
xi fromsl to $3 per week; reading-room.
xi U lor^>?£ E HOU » K . 321 ELLIS. NEARTAY-
-"> lor. rooms; 25c night; reading-room.
S I enr ! «tv? Hl M : * ! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER:
Bff.SS* rarge^k d o^o°n ff d-K
\\T ANTED, YOUK SHOES— Wn- — oiroifß
Mmmm
HUUMTI'KK WAM^p
r ANTED-^AK BE^R^wT^ET^RKrTMTT^
and carpet. O. F., box 73, Call Offlcp-
TFYOUWA^T GOOD PRlChs~Foir ■■•imvi
X iere and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin!
IGHER PRICK THAN ASYWHKkI p. m
by Indiana Auction Co. 1057 Market.om>.Jo i;
CASH PAID FOR ENTIRE HOUbKs UR
smaller lots of furniture, carpets etc i •
BOWCHKR. 222 Stockton: wend nosta'.'
\VA_NTJiL»— MISCJSL.t.ANKOUS~ ~
MfAliL^A^ETC4C~X^olirrpXp^R^XNa"
»' ing, painting, etc., by contract or day's work
at your own price: work must be had. n e_
MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st
achinery wanted in exchange
for Stockton lots. White, 516 Mission st
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JKWKLr
\J ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133Va Mission.
"DUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES,
X) doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHINU AND JJ6W-
O elry to a. KLEIN. 109 sixth st.: send post*!.
LOUGINU-HOUSES FOR SALE.
O^ROOMCOKNER HOUSE.^. T.^ T." 1000
12 rooms: fine snnny corner. . 400
60 rooms, clearing $200: in payments 2600
28-room bouse; rooms all rented.. 600
8 rooms; near City Hail; Lew..... 260
14 rooms on Folsom st, near Third...... 360
80-room house, clearing $600 .'. 4000
66- room corner bouse, new furniture 3000
20 rooms, on 4th st, clearing $80, 0n1y..... 400
3'« rooms on Market St., offer wanted...:.... 850
12 rooms, central, good furniture....... 250
H. C. DECKER, 1030 Market st. opp. Fifth.
ffl»7F LODGING-HOUSES, ALL PRICES:
(pit), money loaned, low Interest. PHELPS
A CO., 917 Laekin st. ■ : ■ '
T^LEGANTLY FURNISHED HOUSE: BAO-
Xli riticed on account of departure: downtown
location: low rent. Address M., box 113, Call.
UNNYIO-ROOM HOUSE ON POST ST. ; ONLT
$325; 3 housekeeping floors; nicely arranged
for Income: cheap rent; choice location; a bargain.
A. M. ELKINS, 906 Market st '
ag^P-fk 12 ROOMS; SPLENDID HOUSE. A.
<it>T:*JVJ. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st
f) 4 ROOMS; FINEST ON GEARY ST. : PAYS
— "1 handsomely. bee A. M. SPECK A CO.. 602
Market st.
CC ROOMS; CORNER: SPLENDID APART-
*J*J ment house; paving $150. A MBPKCK&CO.
CAKPJKT CLEANI.SU.
CITY STEAM CARPET^JIEAN^INO^WORkST
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr. 38 and 40 Eighth st; telephone South 260.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
VJ like new. FEROUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 3d. D. MACKINTOSH A Co., successors.
\\T HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»»■ poor work send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlng Works, 353-67 Tehama st.; teL So. 40.
DVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO.. 402
Sutter. TeL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Prop.
JE. MITCHELL, CAR PET-CLEAN ING CO.,
O « 240 14th st ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
CIARPET-CLEANING. 3c; LAYING, 3c: RUQ
I samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 st
pON KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS.
V/ 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
'JC A V AKD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPET-
-0 cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st
JONES «fc CO.. MAINOFFICE 25 AND 27
Fighth st. Telephone Jt-ssie 1061. ■
LOST. ~~~
Gold "locket: 2 PICTURES XN*Sliut. . iu£-
turn to 1534 Pacific; grocery; reward. ■
OtiT— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and IV an Society of San Francisco
in the name of Si Conn. No. 108672. The finder
will please return to bank.
T OST— ON THE WAY HOME FROM THE
XJ Columbia Theater, one Ea tern Star pin.
Please return to this office and receive reward.
OS>T— WHITK FOX TERRIER: REWARD.
i DeLong aye., near Golden Gate Park. •
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKH.
nia Savings and Loan Society of San Fran-
cisco, in the name of HANS CHRISTIAN AN-
DERSEN. No. 110,782. The firmer will please
return to bank. . *- .■>
ost-a passbook with the hiber-
nia Savings and Loan Society of San Fran-
cisco, in the name of THOMAS BRADY No.
72.633. The finder will please return to bank.
JEIJUCATIOIJAI..
: DOSCOE~L. EAMES,'" A UTHOR OF -LIGHT-
XV line Shorthand." teacher of shorthand type-
writing, bookkeeping and languages, will receive
pupils for private instruction day ana evening-
systems taueht: Eames, Isaac Pitman, Bean Pit-
man, Graham, Munson and Marsh; dictation for
speed. Room 70, Flood building.
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches!
electrical engineering; 20 teachers: 15,000 Kradn-
ateg; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ~
YRES'. THE LEADING COLLEGE. 33»
Montgomery, st; individual Instruction la
shorthand; typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.-
life scholarship $50; low rates per week and mq
"\rOICE, PHYSICAL CULTURE AND EL<>
Hog 3 D 4i5 > c e .iai, b rt tmeUioda - mrB -<^
TT^? IBERING1 BERING SCHOOL; MECH., KLEC
XJ civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt. X ray
taught:es.lB64. A.VAN PER NAILLEN.723 Mkt
\J OOKKEEPINO THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
JL» or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
S" TIEH L' SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
0 College, 723 Market st; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere: day and night
1 , i > ! ' CO ' LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
xi Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, L O. O. F. Mock, 7thandMkt
OSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
moved to Donotioebldg.cor MarketATaylorsts.
OOKKPNG. WUITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
day Anight: no classes; $5 month. 846 Mission.
"JV^IGHT SCHOOL;HEALD'S BCS.COLLEGE;24
XI Poat ;commerclal, shorthand, English ; low rates.
PROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 226 Geary, nr. Powell.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCAL
lessons. $3 ma Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
INGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French.German langnages:s2mo. 109Taylor,r7.
UJENTISTS.
DR. L. T. CRANZ— KXTRACTIO^TXINLESsT
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sntter, NE. cor. Stockton.
©7 FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $16;
<P • . warranted 5 years: extraction free; fillings
60c, Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
V'ULIi SET OF TEETH, «7, WARRANTED:
X filling 60c, crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21 V4 3d.
C^OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
I ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
D«- E. W. PRATT— TEETH ON ALUMINUM
plates same price as rubber. 14 Grant aye.
a>7 A SET FOR TEETH— WAj;RA>TED as
'i l '' good as can be made; filling $1 DR. SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market st. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS UXTRAOI'ION, 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: IS years'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 816% Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh: no charge for extracting ■ when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
SET Or TEETH WITHOUT APL A Tit DR.
H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st
R. J. J.LEEK. 1206 MARKET. CO It GOLDEN
Gate aye. : open evenings; Sundays till noon.
pROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 7«».u.vK-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, »1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
. Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
nd patentee of improved bridge work or teet!»
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell »v
LL WORK TITsX'IT TIMES:WARRANTED.
DR. KEa, 1870 Market su. front City HalL
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DP- J w - KKY.-112'J Market »t,
T YrJKWItXTJiKS. ; ". ■ r
AYE YOU SEEN THE NEW PEERLESS.
typewriter anil notary Duplicator? They stand
at the head. P.. E. RE YOLK A CO. , 409 California.
AGENTS SMITH . PREMIER: . ALSO RENT
and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. &M. AL-
EXANDER A CO., 110 Montgomery St., write for
circular.- •*■■-".."■ • ■  ,■--:-,,.,■•
PHYSICIANS. . ~~~
c. c. "o'DONn'ell." 1206 market, cor.
XJ Golden we aye, ; disease* oi women a specially.»'r«-T?"F:s'* chajtctw.
OOF". A SALOON: "ESTABLISHED ■ YKAKst
t&OOKJ. clear! $80 per month rent $30; lease.
• WILKE, 531 California st. .
/«*! -ifiO CORNER . ROCEKY AND BAR IN
W <•' XnV'VF. Mission: choice location: established
' years; no oppositlou; living-room; low rent; lease;
investigate and you will find a money proposition.
WILKK, 53. California su v . .. . t
1^0(1 V? RNKR OKOCERY AND BAR;
•iP i-U\j\r. Western Addition: owner must sacri-
> flee this beautiful business on account of sickness-
also satisfied to take stock at invoice. Particulars'
at W'LKE'S, 631 California su .
©700 BUSINESS- A CHANCE OF A JLJFK-
• vv. time: clearing $100 to $200 a month;
no experience required; actually 91000 made the
' day you buy this place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. ■•
S'_ f\(\ FINE SALOON, DuIISG A GOOD
'■\J\f. business, with good fixtures: large
stock: pool-table; the location is fine and cheap
rent; it will pay you to investigate this n.-ie buy.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
©7^n COAL AND WOOD YARD; ALSO
.«*pI«JV". hay and grain; doing fine business;
• location the finest for any one wanting a business
. of this kind; it will pay you to Investigate this
place. T. LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall ay».
Qfi-^n PARTNER ELEGANT BUSINESS
<u)UOVJF. ofHce; only object in taking partneris
to have services of interested party; it «iU In-
terestyon. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Cjr*,A||A GROCERY AND BAR, OR WILL
i&OXJiiyj. lake partner: fine corner stand; long
lease and cheap rent; taking in 9100 per day ca.h;
the finest business or Its kind I have ever offered
for sale. T.--LUBE_s»KI, 7 City Hall aye.
Q/Hlft RESTAURANT that is a BAR-
»«g).U*'l/; gain; the place Is doing good and the
rent Is cheap; location the finest: the place must
be sold at once; see it to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye : ■. :■: v
QQHA ELKGANT OFFICE BU.-lNKss,
OOUU. paying $150 to *200 per month; part
can remain on the buslnefs; chance of a lifetime
for energetic man- family troubles cause ofsell-
lug. X.. box 108, Call Office.
Qi<rtrrr PARTNER WANTED IN ONK OF
O— * O. the nicest and best equipped butcher-
shops In the city; fine horse and wagon: splendid
location and strictly first-class family trade which
will average $20 f>er day: need not be a butcher,
as will teach incoming man the business. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market s:. ■
,4 9900 SALOON: VICINITY OF BALDWIN;
ii private rooms; fine piano and parlors; elegant
"fixtures; has always done well: sickness cause of
sale. M. LitßS A CO.. 783^ Market sU .
17OTOGKAPH GALLERY. EBTABLISHE D 10
/ X 1 years; good family location; 10.000 negatives-
• rood livinc-rooms; $250. Address F. G. M., box
I 67, Call Ofßce. ■-.- ■ .-, . ■
\ ©I n C\C\C\ B °YS A WELL-ESTABLISHED
*J)±\J.\J\J\J mercantile business paying $600 a
month net profit: only principals noticed. O. P.,
box 87. Call Office. ■
I "OR SALE— SALOON: CITY FRONT; OLD-
establisi ed corner; must sell; owner sick. Ap-
ply 734 Folsom st. ;
Ql PARTNER WANTED TO START
*i?XOv/. legitimate business; this will bear in-
Kvestlgatlon. Ipquire 304 Third St., room 34.
A SNAP — RESTAURANT DOING GOOD
-T— .'business; investigate; great bargain. 45
'1 bird st.
TTINK PAYING LOON OWNEK HAS
X other business. Inquire L_MLE & Cv, 265
Third. ■ .
ALOON FOR SALE, NORTH OF MARKET,
at a bargain. Inquire 516V2 Geary su '
«|'J".|| SALOON; DAIRY BUSINESS AT-
<tJ)OO\J. tached: laundry office. 335 Fourth.
LADY WANTS PAKTNEKIN GOOD-PAYING
lodging-house; notrlflera. 131 Taylor su
NDEKWUOD A CO.. 765 MARKET SI., CAN
' exchange your property; try them.
PARTNER WANTED in a GOOD paying
X business. 722 Howard sU
ALOON WITH CIGAR-STAND FoR SsALE;
account of sickness. 817 Kearny sU
•sl9^n Partner wanted to travel:
t^^UXJ. advertiser has but one hand; must
have help: paying business: receipts 910 10 $20 |
per day; no soliciting; only those who have money
and mean business need apply. 16 Ellis si., rm 113.
rpo A PERSON OF MEANS, OK ONE WHO
X has a son they dfslre to establish in business,
an opportunity can be had with the undersigned in
a pleasant, safe md paying business: the best of
references furnished and the same required. M.
H., box 118, Call Office.
B CON" WAY, WHO KEEPS A FINE SALOON
• at 1023 Market St., is retiring from business,
and will sell the stock, fixtures and eood will of
the same by auction on Tuesday, the 24th, beu the
hours of 11 and 12 o'clock, as a whole, to the
highest bidder..
r OUNG BUSINESS WOMAN WISHES EL-
■ derly man as partner in respectable business.
IM., box 163, Call Ofllce.
7 AM A BONANZA; THAT ELEGANTLY
rp lUU, fitted up andatocked taloon corner of
Leidesdorff and Haueck; no agents.
\4 .' A TED— A FIRM OF BOILERMAKERS TO
♦ » take ap a patent on royalty; letter only. I. A.
E.. 2717 y-thlrd st.
ft'NKIM^ALOON CHEAP; DWKLLING-
rooms. 650 Hacratnento st., near Kearny.
OOD-PAYING CANDY, CIOAH AND STA-
VJT tionery store for sale, cheap, account of sick-
ness. Apply 1314 Howard st.
ALOON WITH CIGAR-STAND: GOOD BUSl-
ness and location; at a bargain or will accept
partner. Apply 31 Ninth su
AKEKY, CANDY. NOTIONS, CIGARS,
IJ launiry; 5 sunny rooms; leaving city; bar-
.gain. 1151 Mission st - -'..•■■•>■*
KE-T.UI'.ANT— HALF INTEREST CHEAP:
established 15 years; remaining partner 7
years. 1241 Market st.
IG CHANCE TO INVESI'OKH.OFMODEU-
ate means: guaranteed. Add. C. E. C 0.,221 Davis
GROCERY AND BAR; REASONABLE;
sickness accgnnt of sale. 122 i angton st.
AIRY PRODUCE: OLD ESTABLISHED
stand: 12 years: a bargain. Call 146 Seventh.
KAKK OPPORTUNITY '.. O PURCHASE;
old-established furniture, carpel End under-
taking business; clears over 93000 a year; stock
$10,000. GEO. L. BIKKMAIER, Wtlls-Fargo
Express building.
. I'OR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED POULTRY
X? and produce stand in one of the best markets
> in the State; owner going away. Apply 916
Washington si., Oakland.
' C lOOfl business,' Portland, OK.;
\J\J\J. ; paying 9175 per month: good chance
to Increase. - Inquire C. E. is'AYLOK, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building.
"I EADING RESTAURANT IX LEADING
XJ seaside resort of Pacific Coast: owner retiring
from business. Address s., box 138, Call Office.
WE HAVE A GKAND OPPORTUNITY FOR*
.11 some ooe with a little capita!; we never yet
offered a humbug: guarantee this. Address Man-
* ufacturers' Agency, Oakland, Cal.
THIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT IN SAN JOSE.
. X doing very profitable business, will oe gold
rheap: good reason or selling. Address box 74,
Mercury Office," San Jose. '
AKERY, CANDY, CIGAR AND NOTION
store; annoy living-rooaia; good locr.tion.
1201 Bosh su
GROCERY Ali D BAR: NO OPPOSITION;
\J will sell cheap; good reason. Apply Call.
AQAA MA.VAGING~PARTNiCK IN LIGHT
O— • \J\J. manufacturing business; $1000 clear
first year lv sIgDU 216 !»ansome. room 12.
INVENTORS I)E»TkISG TO SECURE OR
sell patents or inventions, call at Hall of in-
' . ventions, 215 Sansoma St., 100 m 12
\\r ANTED— PARTNER WITH 940.000 IN A
*' grocery and liquor home estabtisheJ since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office. . :
T^OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING SALOON. TST
X I quire 439 Pine sU
TT'OR SALE— A FIKST-CLAsS SALOON. CALL
J at. 114 O'Karrell sU
A- EW.-jPAPiiK ROOTK IN I.NTKKIOK CITY.
1' close to &au Francisui. Fur particulars auDlr
ibis office.
UOB'l t FOR BALK ALHuss IHE BAY. Tv"
Xt auire at Call OHle*".
TLKMILKE J: OK SALE.
T^XS^TTtnrrr?^^^^^*^^^ I^^^ I*^^1 *^^ - - u -v.n--i J -_™
 People always flock to where they can do the
best. Follow the majority and . you'll not be' far
wrong. '
' Remember, we . sell for cash or on easy time
payments.
Wicker Chairs and Rockers fr0m. .*..:. ...53 00 up
, . Enamel Bureaus 760 up
Enamel Iron Beds 7 50 up
Fancy Kockers. ...3 25 up
Healing Stoves, ail kinds 4 00 up
Cooking Ranges and Stoves 7 00 up
■ Carpets, Linoleums, Mattings.
Largest store, largest stock, lowest prices.
J. NOON AN,
1017. 1019, 1021 and 4023 Mission st. and 516,
618. 520 and 622 Minna si., above Sixth. .
Open evenings. '
Telephone Jessie 41. . "
./Vqo ELLIS— IO ROOMS OF ELEGANT FUR-
DOO niture for sale cheap. -...", . .
L'TFIT OF 3 ROOMS FOR SALE CHEAP;
\J In good condition. 444 a Natoma '
A UcTl>>N HOUBE, 827 .MISSION ST.— ASH
-TL chamber suits, 913 60: folding-beds. $10. ■
CHA«. M. I'LUM A CO.. UPHOLoTKKY CO.
yj. 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH. .
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
Add CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS. 914;
T \)\J stoves, 95: parlor eets. 920: . folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest price* on household goods; new or good
as new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings.
.IT" IN GFURNITURECO.iI 27 -29-31 MARKET,
XV furnish 4 xooms, $18 t0 950; best bargain* in
V ' c!tjr ' '•""' ': ' " " ■■-■-■:■ -:- -■
' BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
X) price*; furniture, carpets; all grades. 860 Mis-
elon su -.■■. : , • ...- * . ' ./: .
LiUB.NITUBK. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
-X ters. showcases. ANDKKSON. 1121 Market SL
• SJSWISIi MACllils'l-:*. '■'_'/_'■ :
■ A IX KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED.
A rented -epalred; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
HOrSFS to let.
5~~9X"g OLDEN GATK AYE.. NEAK~V A
— O Ness— Modern built house of 9 rooms:
suitable for a doctor: rent reasonable. ;.'■■:•
QJJ7 =(V -02 PERRY ST., JVfiT OFF
<Jrl.O\j. Fourth — House of 3 rooms: water
free. > Apply to G. U. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st. . ■ :." ' - '- • ■' " : - '
TO LET— MODERN HOUsK OF 7 ROOMS
and bath: Brat-class neighborhood: rent 9-2 80;
water free. C. V. G I HBO >, 844 app
MICE HOUSE; 6 ROOMS, BATH: CHKAP.
X\ 429 Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
©OH WHOLK HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH.
_ U. 2814 LKguna 8... near Union. .' - •
tIQ OAK. NEAR MARKET- 12 BOOMS 3
— -O floors, each separate lor housekeeping; newly
raper&l; painted; .sanitary plumbing: fine loca-
tion for renting rooms: cheap rent: go and see It.
OUSKS IU JIKOT i'UK VKKY LIiTLK
money at EALDWIX -■ HAMMOND'*; Id
Moniromemtr. ■ _
ILIi.MSHKI) HOUSES.
1 URNISHED FLAT— FOUR ROOMS; BATH;
' modern; sunny corner; Thirteenth and Guer-
rero sts .near Marke;: line location; rent $26.
INCON HILL— FURNISHED COTTAGE TO
let: 5 rooms and bath. M. E. H.." box 88, Call.
OUSEOF 8 ROOMS; COMPLETELY KUR-
nlshed: »100: rent $26 937 Mission sU
COTTAGES TO LET.
97T^T^RYANT~^~COTTAGis r "6 ROOMS;
— ' JLtt bath; laundry; stable; nice garden;
vacant Dec. 1, .
CP 7 An AND $9; COTTAGES, 3 AND 4
tfis • .'f\J rooms: good orJer: water free. Apply
premises, 945 Bryant St., or UMBSEN A CO., 14
Montgomery st.
LAMEIIA. 1528 MACPHERSON ST.. NEAR
Mastlck station, cottage 5 rooms, bath and
Kas; concrete walks, lawn, standard rosrs, orchard-
fine neighborhood; rent 918; water tree: grounds
cared for. • ■
AKK YOUR RKNT PAY FOX A NEW COT-
tag? In the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel: $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG,
J207J1 wentv-second aU; office (men evenings.
~ ~ i LAXS i'O LKT.
O^T^W^T^JoTir^OLSOMT~A^D^THTir-
-0 teenth — Two upper flats. 6 rooms and bath:
1 cottage, 6 rooms and bath, and stab 1 .- for 1 horse
and wagon; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON A
BURKE, 6-6 Market st.
T?OK SALE-FLAT COMPLETE FOX HOUSE-
X keeping; cheap; Monday 10 to 6. 413", a Ivy
aye. • .
"VTEW FLATB OF 4TO 7 ROOMS: R NTS RE-
-Ll duced to good tenants. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st.
I OUZ. STEVENSON. NEAR THIRTEENTH—
M-OUO Bay-window upper flat; 5 rooms and
bath: cheap. .
7 noe si\i NEAR THIRTEENTH— NICE
I sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath
HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6 ROOMS,
VJ 98 to 916: see them. 523 a seventh st.
<JJ»I 1 AND BEST IN CITY: 5 ROOMS;
O-J- -L bath and gas. 606 x shotwell st.
T OWER FLAT TO LET. 310 MASON ST.
±J
-iX GREENWICH— UPPER FLAT: NEWLY
— <O renovated; 5 rooms, bath; rent cheap.
m WO LOVELY FLATS; 4 AND 6 ROOMS:
i. bath and gas; fine yard: 912 and 914; water
free. 3928-3930 Nineteenth st., near .Not; cheap-
est flats in the city.
ODEKN. CHOICE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, 925;
also 4 rooms. 914. Key 1706 Hyde st.
SUNNY FLAT 8 ROOMS: 100 FEET FROM
Sixth st. Apply 958 Mission st.
UNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH, STATION-
ary tubs, yard and shed. 537 Howard su
ANTED AT ONCE-GOOD TENANTS TO
rent at reduced rents. SPECK A CO, 602
Marlrtt st. . >- '.
"L'LAiS to JtT-TvT »uk VtKV LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN _; HAMMOND'S, 10
' j>*otitporn»>rr st. •
->.o-b_:ii.jfc:_;FiNu koo_is.
i.u»ii Mree:.
/^o-I BUSH — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
U-_J- housekeeping, or board if desired.
i iiuy Street. J
U7 EDDY— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
I rooms: terms reasonable. . -■•'■:.
npHK LEXINGTON, 212 EDDY — NEWLY
1 furnished housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites
O/k-: KDDY— LARGE FRONT ROOM FOR
*j\JtJ light housekeeping; also single; private
family.
/•I A EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BASE-
DJ.T" ment: newly furnished: $10.
til 7 EDDY— LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
«-' ± 1 sunny connecting housekeeping rooms:
good gas stove.
Kills Street. - : . ,
cy-\ f\ ELLIS— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUKNIBHED
— X\J housekeeping rooms.
099 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
• >__. housekeeping rooms; also suites and single.
I mli Street.
QAO FIFTH— NEW HOUSE: NEWLY FUR-
•JVJ nished parlor, bedroom, kitchen, 920; also
others. 914 ; .
fauwam Street.
r-\ O HOWARD-NICK FURNISHED ROOMS,
tJ I •) kitchen attached and cooking utensils fur-
nished, $6 to 912: single rooms. 81 a week.
"I 1 I*l HOWARD— SUNNY FRp.NT HOUSE-
-1 X t^j Keeping rooms; ranee, water; 910 to 912.
Juniper Street.
JUNIPER. OFF FOLSOM, BET. TENTH AND
0 Eleventh— 3 unfurnished rooms; double par-
lors and kitchen: basement; large yard; bath.
Kearny Street.
REARNV, NR. PUTTER— 6 ROOMS OR LESS;
gas and water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
l.arkin Street.
AC)Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
1— 'J front and back parlors for housekeeping;
also single rooms. ,
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, ABOVE
Mason— Large room, with stove: cheap.
Of* Q MISSION— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
OUO complete for housekeeping.
QJ.7 MISSION— FURNISHED ROOMS.COM-
U1 1 plete for housekeeping, and other rooms.
1 H 'AU MISSION— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X I tt I rooms: 910, 912 and 915.
>— loma Street.
CCC NATOMA— 2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 ing rooms and yard: rent 910 a month.
o'J'urrnll >.ieoi.
A Q"l O'FARRELL — FURNISHED ROOMS
T')l for housekeeping; reasonable.
ecventn street. :
p IRARD HOUSE, 142 SEVENTH—
VJT and kitchen*; also single rooms.
bouth Park.
-I D SOUTH PARK— 2 OR 3 SUNNY FUR-
-1 v) nished housekeeping rooms, *7 to 914: also
single. . .. .
Stockton street.
1 7flO STOCKTON— ROOMS; FURNISHED
X I \JO complete for housekeeping; water and
sink In kitchen.
butter Street.
7*l 1 ELEGANTLY ' FURNISHED
(XI suite, suitable for gentleman, and sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
709 SUTTER, NEAR JONES— NICELY FUR-
I O^i nished housekeeping rms: rent cheap; bath.
'Xenama Street.
-C TEHAMA, NR. SECOND — 2 SUNNY
tJfJ rooms for housekeeping; nicely furnished.
i— jiu Street.
"I COI THIRD— NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FUR-
XOOa nlshea for housekeeping; also single:
cheap. '
r,l Q THIKD— FUKMSHKD ROOMS FOR
UXU housekeeping; range; running water.
Twenty-sixth Street.
00p.7 TWENTY-SIXTH ST., KR. MISSION
00 < I — Desirable , furnished housekeeping
rooms; low rent. - . .
. UOOMB TO JLKi.
liUsh Stream
797 BUSH— FURNISHED - FRONT , ROOM;
i£ l first floor: suites, single, housekeeping. .
i-.n- str«e..
fpiHR RAMO7»A, 180 ELLIS: MR*. KATB%
X 11 ART. manager— A quiet nonse: • centrally lo-
rsted; newly furnished: elevator: hot A cold water.
i-ijtbth Mina..
1 fit 'EIGHTH— FOR RENT, 2 FURNISHED
lus room* for light housekeeping. ..
HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished ; and unfurnished.
1 is ii> Mreec,
m»Q SUNNY BEDROOM, KITCHEN, BATH.
t]pO. water: no child len: private. 314 Fifth st.
Geary Street.' _
A fir. GEARY (THE NAVARRE)-FURNISH-
'iVJO ed rooms; board optional; foldlnc-bed.
\f ARTINETTL 1101 GEARY, BW. COR., VAN
IU Ness— Suites and singles; newly furnished.
♦- uiueu uatn jivtuuti,
C 97 GOLDEN GATK AVB.-SUNNY FUR-
OjU I uished room. . . :
» THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET- Conttn-ed.
Harriet Street. ■ :
3 HARRIETT. OFF • HOWARD NR. SIXTH—
O Nice sunny furnished housekeepln.rro^,; 910.
x-o»»artl sirmj..
I 715 HOWARD, NEAR THIRTEENTH-
bathT cheap? 1 *: ■■ t * r » t »™ sunny rooms; gU s and
tlesske Street.
QQO JESSIE. CORNER FOURTH-2 FIR
men- «i A BhP I , ms for man * nd wife or 2 gentle-
men; $10 and 912 month: no children. * eu " B .
*•«'!'*•* SI TOO-. .
'^07 JONES -THE||VAN WINKLE: NEW.
- v • man , a Bement;, elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 310 to*3o.
; ittrnr Ml'ua..
A iN °TON . HOUSE, 127 KEARNY -
,'l.. . asantBunn 5 rooms, en suite and single; first
tIfB» in fevtry respect; terms reasonable.
» tineim i>n Ii Street.
71 I LEAVEN WO FT H. NEAR POST— TWO
• 7 j. .i* unny rooms, suitable for gentlemen: pleas-
ant outlook. Call on owner, Easterbrook building,
22 Geary st , room ■ , ? "*
Mtm,.
V 0 . 8 5 M HOUSE. 1045 MARKET - PER
■i night, bsc 10 f1; week. SI 60 to »5: lamlllM*.
j» ill 11 a >:ieti..
GQiJ MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
VJ*-* I nlahed bay-window room*; 91 per we**.
j- iktion - . roo .
"I OP.] MISSION, COR. NINTH -TWO COR-
- 1 -*- lt - > 1 ncr housekeeping rooms: furnished. . ;.
Olive Avenue.
I I 9 OLIVE AVK, OFF ELLIS — SUNNY
■"- -*-*" furnished front room: rent cheap.
I'uiU street.
IOA- — UR N I SHED PAKLOR
X_,v/U> suite: suite or single; unfurnisned room
with kitchen, cheap. ...
■ Hill ' r««..
"PIEDMONT," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod, conveniences.
Mnii-di. Btreei.
794 1 STEVENSON. OFF NINTH— FUR-
• —•"••* nished rooms, "55.
• «•. .«r -i.reo.. '
•^1 A SETTER— LARGE SUNNY PARLORS;
•-' i "j other rooms; low rent to desirable parties.
"no SUTTER (SAN REMi) - ELEGANT
I v/O newly inrnlsbed rooms, suite or single.
Taylor Street.
COQ TAYLOR (THE L.TICA) — 2 SUNNY
OjL'J rooms, for gentlemen only, bath. 912;
single. >8.
iurk Si rue..
F\/1Q TURK -SUNNY ROOM: GRATE, GAS,
OrxO bath: light housekeeping; slncie.
Miscellaneous.
SUNNY 6 ROOMS AND BATH. COR. NlNE-
teenth and Hartford sts.: Castro cars-
BOASDINU AX KOO.MS.
T^t^po^tVnkTvan ness^avkTsu^ny
-L— •!.•' bay-window room and parlor suite; first-
class table; the best appointments; private family.
7_LQ PINK— EXCELLENT BOaKD
• Ji) 920 per mouth: sunny suite: reasonable. ,
0 1 EDDY' (HEATH)— ELEGANT SUNNY
Olk bay-window suites; single; board; refer-
ence-.
79?: PINE (KENOVA); ELEGANT APART-
1— • " ments, furnished or unfurnished, with su-
perior board; travelers solicited; references.
CnO VAN NESS- NEWLY FURNISH EDbUN.
OUU ny rooms: good board; reasonable. '
BERTLING, 714 BUSH ST.— A FaM-
lly hotel; references gtveu and required: all
mo^prn ronvenlenoeii.
caaunKx bOAKD£U. 
f> OOD HOME FOR 1 OK 2 CHILDREN; LES-
VJ sons super tended: music If desired; Jersey
cow; terms 98. M., box 6, Call Office. Oakland.
"I ONE WIDOW WISHES A CHILD TO
■I' board; a mother* caTe. 172 Silver ■<•.. cltv.
STOKES , IO j LET.
arbkklT^k B^T^H^R^T^rT2SmoNl
Large store on Hunt st.; 90 ft past Third;
cheap rent. NICOL, 534^ California su
<2i~lf\ STOKE AT 21 NoE ST., NEAR MAR-
T LOW KENT— OF STORE AND
ba-em*m. 324 Po*- at. _^
OFFICES TO *,XT.
OFFICES FOX DOCTORS, OR. DENTISTS:
very elegantly furnished offices ;one cu tire floor;
ollicea en suite. 901 Wutter st., cor. LfHvenworth..
MUSICAL . IKUXJUJMICMXIf.
AGAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THK
fact that we are selling good-toned second-
hand plnaos for 93. 94 and 95 per month ; beauti-
ful new uprlgh-.B for 96, 97.98,99 and $10 per
month; do cash payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright piano*
from us have the privilege of exchanging same for
a Steinway any time within 3 years from date
without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLaY & CO.,
representatives of Stein way A Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; also Oak-
land, CaL; Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash. .
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST A D LARGEST
■rt. house west of Chicago Is KOHLEK A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms e<sy; prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CI'UALLY THIS BEST BAKGAINB IN Pl-
anos; fee our list for this week; piano: on 9"
94, 96, f 6, 97, 98. 99, $10. 916, 920 monthly pay.
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere In th* city and ' kept tun«d by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCEK CO,
lalesrooms 93S Market St.. opp. Mason.
"V*OTICE TO DRUM CORPS— SNARE
— .1 heads for sale at very low prices: factory bW.
cor. Twenty-fourth and Rhode island sts. P.
STOLBEKG. __
HAINES 8R05.,, BUSH A GERTS AND
Knabe pianos at doting out prices. WILLIAM
c. HAMILTON, successor to A. L. BANCROFT
A CO., 324 Post si.
piANOS HOLD, . RENTED, TUNED, Rt>
X paired, polished, shipped and stored for lower
rates than *ny other firm in the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes st.
EAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
XJ just received - and for sale cheap. jZ. MAU-
VAIS Music Company, 769 Market '
OOD UPRIGHT, CHEAP: URLAT BAH-
gain. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hiber-
nia Bank. . . :
LEG ANT UPRIGHT PIANO: LATEST
style; a bargain. 115 Seventh st.
C-HOICE STANDARD MAKE UPRIGHT;
) sacrificed immediately. C. S.. box 42, Call. .
QTEINWAY SACRIFICED^ A GRAND IN-
-0 *trument. Room 12, Flood building.
ANTED. FOR CASH, 5 SECOND-HAND
upright*. BRUENN, 228 Post to.
AGNIFICENT6TKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
G. BADGER. SOLE A<-ENT FOR HALLET
• A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Bacto.
YRON 11AIZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMEK,
Newby A Evans. Brings and other piano*.
SUPEKIOK VIOLINS, ZITHEKS, OLD* NEW
O H. MULLEK. maker, repairer, 'i Latham place.
LEGANT EMERSON, FIRST-CLASS CON-
ditlon, at sacrifice. E. W. L CX,1 16 McAllister.
PINE UPRIGHT PIANO, 9110; SQUARE, 930.
J BTATHAM A CO., 106 McAllister St. •
A DOLLAR A WEH.K ON RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. IH6 Kills st. r •-■ .
ruxi 6ALK-_I!>L'KLLAM:o Utj.
piIOICE TABLE POULTRY: THOROUGH-
\J breds; bargain. Apply at once 2427 Dwlcht'
way, Berkeley. "
"I Q-KARAT GOLD STOPWATCH FOR 975-
-i-O cost $200. UNCLK HARRIS, 16 Grant aye!
T.MNE BAR COUNTER FOR SALE CHEAP.
X 1 walnnt top 56 Clementina st.
VINE GOLD WATCH: TO TRADK.FOR
X double buggy harness. G. X., box 65. this office.
8" -HORSE, SECOND-HAND OASOLIVK E\-"
O glne. A 1 for mine. X.,box 22, Call Office. :
THRESH DURHAM COW; RICH MILK' 4V«
X' gallons; gentle. ■' 1312 Folsom st. : , :.
AT A BARGAIN— bAMPLES RATTAN
chair*, rockers, etc.: also a few fine baby
carriages for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
RATTAN CO., 61 First St., near Mission.
*■) HORSEPOWER OT-1O OAH E.NgINE, BEC>
— . ond-hand: In perfect order: for sole cheap- can
be seen running at 607 Market su ,: -
EDIUMDOUBIEDOORFIR-.PROOFSAFE"
scale and register cheap. 8 Mission st. *
LEOANT aD.. HAND PARTY DKEShES
I and sealskins; cheap. FABIAN. 1020 Folsom.
C COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LE'ITER •■ PKKss"
1 stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.'
ONARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARE
the best. W. & RAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
ARS, SHOWCASES/COUNTERS. BHELV-
-1) Ing, etc.. Lought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
bOILER.-.,ENGINES,JD-HANU MACHINERY
i-> water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ONK SMALL MKUIUM AND LAKUE-isIZK
tir<» and burglar proof safe.' 109-1 1 I M arlt«»t nt. •
W^;^^'- ''**£*£****•'■■'
AT LOW KAIEb— FURNiTURE^' ARPETsT
pianos, etc.: clean, dry, light compartments!
advances made. " J. NOON AN. 1017 10 1023 Mia-
gioii, above sixth: open evenings.
"L>UKNITUK_.rt PIANOS, •; TRUNKS; AD-
X vjinces, shipping tHAi L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post. '
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made, an Larkln,
r~'TtSON'/<T,«<.
T.INCOLN IJRO^ CASH^ GROCERS, 226
-Li Sixth st,, between Howard and Folsom. - mid-
dle of the block— Butter, 25c roll; eggs. 20c dozen ;
picnic hams, Be lb: large can mincemeat, 25c; 20
lbs raisins, $1; 17 lbs currants, $1; citron, 15c Ib:
new almonds, 3 lbs 26c: 25 lbs prunes, plums,
pears or apricots, *1 ; large bottles pickles or chow
chow, 15c; corn starch, be lb: sugar corn, 3 cans
25c LINCOLN BROS., J-.tt Sixth St. .
'A RE YOU GETTING BALDT , . -. .; v
■A. My. private remedy sure cure for baldness;
guaranteed an absolute preventive for loss of hair:
starts new growth in 30 days'.eradicator of dandruff
Testimonial; and circulars at 424 Folsom ' St., Lear
First. J. W. O'HOW. Kept by all druggists. . -
ADVICE FKEE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful: alt
law suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc.. a:-
vended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-nt-law. Marlcetv..
KS. LENA CAKKOLL-NJCHOLSON, MISS
SoDhla Newlands and M. Crepaux will sing
and Frauleln Valesco Scharcht (pupil of Joa-
chim) and Mr. Lovell Langstroih ('cello) will play
next Wednesday evening at the students' enter-
tainment of the School of Magazine and .Newspa-
per Illustration, 424 Pine st. ■ , -
HEUMATISiI Positively Cured: ~ ~ r "--
XV ALSONEUKALOIA,
all nervous diseases, chronic catarrh and dys-
pepsia; patients treated successfully by mail;
small expense : write for particulars; sunny rooms
and board if desired. DX. SMITH'S Hy^lt-nlc
sanitarium. 1513 Buchanan st.; free consulta.lon.
XPERTS, MY ARTISTS, EVERY ONE OF
Xv th.m, and they do auy kind of hulrdress
lor 25c; strictly one price: switches $1; "Qulno-
nia" hair tonic 35c a bottle.; G. LEDEREK, 111
Stockton st. ■ : . - ■'" ..'•:■■ • •
R. SETA BRUNDAGE RETURNED. CHlR-
opodist; corns cured. 14 Geary st., room 11.
QKALEMOFF CUKES DANDRUFF. ITCHING
0 scalp, stops hair from falling out. Agents
wanted, 113 Turk at. ' ■ ■■' .
/IONSULT, FREE. THE MEXICAN REMEDY
\J Co.'s physician: positive cure neuralgia, kid-
ney trouble, rheumatism. 204 V» Leavenworth st.
LEGANT MASQUERADE L'ObTUMhS, AN-
Ji PERSON'S, I*ll Stockion sU; country orders.
Ul Is CLEANED. x*KKft>SEU, $1; KEPAIitS
dyeing done. 28Montcomery, r. 14; tel.red 2371,
KTUKNDD— ROLAND, TEACHER OF
-IV French language. 765 Market st., room 15."
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publiciiy: vice free and confidential.
J. G. JEFFREYS, 632 Market st,, room 23.
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address loc* box F., OUG Market St., a F.
1 niWk cards, $1 SO. show cards, ktc.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st. ■■-«
O TO 609 THIRD; CHEAP PAINTING,
papering, whitening and plastering: estimates
given for aU kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
<J> 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WlL-
ijl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market. ; ;,
UPEKFLUOI i UAIK PERMANENTLY RK-
-0 moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2115 Bush, below Flllmore: hrs, 2 to 3. ex. Th A
if ITS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DISEAES OF
X 1 .women. DR. SPITZY. 413% Kearny. 1 to 4 p.m.
AZUK EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
1 THiS PEOPLE'S O-Sii JUOLLAK MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029 Market »»,
int. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
VI AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
i>l chin-; uses the klnetoscope films; price 5250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market su
\*, ATCHES. DIAMONuS, JEWELRY OF ALL
"» kinds at reduced price*; must move; building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st.
UPTUKE AND PILES CURED; No PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD A POKTKRFIELD. 838 Market St.
7'LOAKS, FUKS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
URNKTT'S CORN CURE— SURE CUK_ FOtt
corns, bunions, warts; 25c. 327 Montgomery.
ALL FACIAL BLEMISHED SOPEKFLUOUii
hair, molev freckles, ac»r*. etc.. removed. by
Elite ElectrolvsU Co., 22tJ TurK, nr. Leavenwonn.
IGOUTDOOK STKKKOPT ICON SHOW KVS-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al-
fcrlisements in living light; promoters of bo
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Markets:.
ELEOI'KIO LIGHTS IN KVEKY ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market
i.tO rooms, 26c to 91 60 per night: $1 60 to 9d per
»ffit; free bus and bageagn to and from me terry.
11b.fc-l.Ai. AIA ANCE-i O.V IIIAMOND.-5, -_W-
J ••Jrv . etc. : lowi>s: raft. J*4S Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIE-f
tlothine boochU COL.MAN. 41 ta cor. Jes^U
UIiESSIIAKEKS.
Ults : m ad k" Tk'oyi^^vT^SxwrSrTbax
cape*. 91 : ti i-nnrnntpwl. 659 MPVPimon ut.
IXAUIVO V ANTS. 7 ~~"
MRS. D lt. F. CL a X X. " "~**
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
420 GEARY STREET.
The world's most faftious medium of modern
times: if you are in doubt that sne can and will
perlorm all she claims feel yourself invited to
call and she will give ■ you more substantial proof
of her . marvelous power than yon have ever be-
fore received from mortal; don't fall to at* her
If you are lntereited in the affairs of life; if mar-
riage. knexs, death's changes, travels, divorces,
separations, lawsuits, business transactions, wills,
deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen property, lost
or absent friends Interest you; if you care to know
what you should do to be successful, where you
should go and whom to avoid, when to buy and
sell stock, etc.— in a word, whatever may Le your
trouble, suspicions or desires, call on this gifted
woman and she will send you away happier, w'ser
and bolder than ever before. Hours !) a. m. to 8
p. M. strict. Fee $1 and 92. send stamp for illus-
trated circular with special terms.
■'■-■ MRS. DX. F. CLARK, 430 Geary st.
ITANA, THE GIPSY QUEEN, BTUKK ST.;
truthful predictions; reliable advice; no mat-
ter what troubles you have, come, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mall; low prices. 856 Mission st.
ME. PEAK LUCKY, CAKD-KEADER AND
magnetic healer: charms. Room 2, 223 Post.
\|ME. MOKEAU, BEST * oK i UNJ-.-Thl LbK
.t" and medium In city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard.
C CONSULT THE LUCKY MEDIUM; FEE 25c:
) satisfaction guaranteed. 41 Minna, basement.
ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, C.\RD-RKADER;
IVL past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th nt, r. 6.
ME. FANNIE DAVIS, MAGNETIC HEAL-
er and card-reader. Room 2, 122 Post at.
ME. WALTER.^, THE CAR D-REAUEK, KE-
tnrned: ladles, 26c; gents, 60c 951 Mission.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FKOM CKADLU TO
grave: pictures clven:ladles 25c: (U4 O'Farrell.
ELL-KNOWN CLAIKVOYANT.MISS MKL-
VILLE. moved from 1053 Market to 61 Fifth.
ME. LtGETTE-PKESENT. ?A(-T AND
future: 26c; one price. 311 Tehama st, nr.4th
DNA BURR. JUST RETURNED; MEDIUM
and card-reader. 131 Taylor, rooms 1 and 2.
ME. LEON A. CARD-READER AND MAG-
netic healer: parlor 12, 865 Market, 2d floor.
pYPSY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
VjT Seventh su, or. Market: ladies *sc; gents 60c.
Vl ME. RAVENA reads life fluently.
■I*l bnsin ss advlc**: names given: 25c up. :■ Fourth
• , . _I'IKITUALiS-l. ~~~
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TKANCK MEDI-
-IfJL urn, returned; life readings, love affairs, busi-
ness Investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission st. - ■ ■" ■ ■■..-;
oO[< MoALLISTEK— MRS. C. J. MEYER;
«>_JU test meetings every night: Tne., Frl., 2 p. if.,
10c; business sittings; trance clr, 25c. Sat, eve. 91.
DUPREE, GREATEST TRANCE
trumpet medium In the world. 24 Turk su,
parlor 12. .
A RLE WILL GIVE ANOTHER BLATE-
writing seance Sunday; seats 331) Ellis st.
MK/HAHN, SPIRITUAL TEST MEDIUM,
sittings, 1 to 6P. m. 1705 Market 5t. ... . , \-. L
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Halghtst. : hours 9 until 9p. v.
KS. ELLIS. MEDIUM, SITTINGS, 9 TO B, 91;
circles Toes.. FrL. IS p. v., 25c. 1824 Market st.
\(KS. SHKINKR, TRANCE MEDIUM: SIT
J>l ilngifiai v. »1: circle Son, »v» 811 Van N em
' ASTBOLOG).'. ~~"
r^Hiß" owXncy " "taught H^IEI«TIFICALr
Vj lv; readings: letters answered. iiKS. WALK-
ER, 629 Post st. . . ..■■',■..,.-
-♦ STRAL SEEK— PROF. HOLMES, 1 FIFTH,
/* rooms 12-13: horoscope*: question*: advice.
~ : •■•■■.; HOKSKS. ~~~
A f\ HOKHKS . FOR , SALE; i ALSO > WABONH,
J\J bugicies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
"Market, 827 Slx.h st. ; auction sales every W«tOu<t*-
Cay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
fIIUK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA-
i. lencla su, i* the place to go If you want to buy. '
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or hat-'
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
EA/| SET NEW, AND bKCON b-HA.SU HAK-
' O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wacon, cans, surrey
*rockawav. 40 cheap horaea. 15th and Valencia.
1 C/\ BETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAH-
X O\J ness, , all kinds: wagons, / buggies, sumyi
rockawaya, carts: man be sold. 1128 Mission <■ .
L LECTRIC HORSE-* LIPPING; CALLED FOR
Xli and returned.' 640 Valencia; tel. Mission. 227.
Cfk HEAD DRIVING WOK_ .-HiJKt)__; .
O\J weight I(X>0 to 1700 lbs. HtV.' Howard st.
WAUOKa ; ANU CAKlilAtiJis. ~~
VfEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. .: ■
T7IOR f*ALE— BUTCHER'S LIGHT DELIVERY
X I wagon ; one tea and spice wagon. ' 1340 Turk. .
c-ULASS LANDAU HACK, I> PRIVATE USE
t) 1 rear, at W A I COM BROS.. 217 Ellis su ■ -
!>KOFJiS«»IONAL, CARDS. ■•:'.,
1 OHN E. KICH ARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMd
J Vi 6 and 27, Crocker ball-In* ; - telephone Maiu '
76, Kan Francisca Cat . . -..t■ ,- .--■ <
"I OHN K. AITKKN ANDMAUKICEL. ASHER."
0 »Ui» m law, rout Ctlo,6lb, st_ floor, WO*.
------- - CITY REAL _ _ S _ TATE /- , , „ „ „
AiV D SO M _^ llbil "
PINE ST.. NEAR GOUGH.
RECENTLY RKDUCED.
*i A (\fl(\ FINE DOWNTOWN RESI-
•Ti I W.l'lJu, dence of 9 rooms and bath; beauti-
fully decorated and tinted throughout: cement
garden aud sidewalks: on the north Hide Of street;
house cost, over $B'JSO to build; 10. 25x137:6. >
EAaTON, ELDKIIGii- <£ CO.,
* . 633 Market at.
ODEKN FLATS. . ~
. • ONLY FIVE TEAKS OLD.
IN THE MISSION WARM BELT.
Qlfil E\(\ 3 HANDSOME MODERN FLATS
iJUu)U, of. 6 ro>m*and bath each, near 23d
and Howard sts.; in first-class condition, always
rented. ~ EAoTO2i,.ELDKIDGE A CO.,
__? 638 Market st.
IG VALUE. ~~~- .- ~" ;
O^LY' ?S5OO.
• WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
TWO-STORY BAY-WINDOW RESIDENCE; 6
1 rooms and bah; Geary st., west ' of Steintr,
facing Jefferson square; see this for a home.
EaSTON, ELDKIDGK A CO.,
■••..; •-■'-.:.■■ ",■■■■■. - ■■' ■ ■ -. 638 Market st.
MUST BE SOLD.
HANDSOME FLAT .
HALF A BLOCK NORTH OF MARKET
&A P.f\(\ A FINE PAIK OF SUBSTANTIAL
♦JPTU'U'U. flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath in
good condition; lot 26x115 ft.; 011 the north side
of street; street bltuminlzrd.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. . . - . 638 Market st.
piiSlßAli LOCATION. • -
\J /, FUR A TEAMSTER OR CONTRACTOR,
- NEAK 1-JTH AND FOLSOM STs. ,
ffl< 4-nA LOT 61x75 FEET; COZY COTTAGE
Ti)ulf . on west end of lot:40 feet frontage for
business purposes; streets level and bilumlnlzed;
this is bis value.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
" • 638 Market st.
A GREAT BARGAIN. c :
A COZY MISSION HOME.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WKEK.
ffl»99-i| HANDSOME BAY-WINDOW COT-
«Js— ■—•<-''-'. tane of 6 rooms and hath, on Doug-
lass si., near '.'4th; only 4 years old; cost S36OU:
lot 25xl'J6 feet: this Is a beautiful home at a sacri-
fice price; flower garden front and rear.
EASTON, ELDtUDGE <t CO.,
633 Market st.
SAMPLE FEW. ~~ > ■■■■ ■■■■' i :-; •
UIG BARGAINS.
• IN DESIRABLE LOTS.
Qfjnnn X - SIDE 41H ST., 65 ft. S. OF
«^DUUU. : Welsh: lot 25x110, wUh L 30x55
feet fronting on Welsh st.
<2{9nnn N. ellisst.,nr. steiner;
i£iiJ\J\J\J. 25x137:6; fine site for flats.
ffljO/?nrv N. SIDE PAGE ST., NR. SHRA-
O--UUU. der; 25x137:6: near the park.,
< 3t9" : .nn BUSINESS PROPERTY ON 24TH
•3>_.UUU. St., nr. Folsom; 37:6x100; this is big
value.
Q.l ft'^Pi GOLDEN GATE AVK., NR. BA-
■©-•-O^t). ker st.; 25x137:6; fine home site.
<Sl7^n PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT; CLAY
»Tpl I U\J. si., nr. Maple: 25x127:3.
©1 Z.(\(\ SUNNY BIDE POINT LOBOS
■JD-LOvv. aye., nr. 221; 40x100; cheap lot. <>•
©I 900 3 F I^"E LOTS ON BENNINGTON
O-L— ■V-'V. aye., nr. Cortland; double frontage.
©1 f\(\f\ EACH— JOSE AYE., 29TH
tip 1 VUU st. ; 5 lots ready for Duilalng: will sub-
divide.
ffijOnn NE. COR. SILVER AYE. AND
tJrOvU. Craut St.; 60x107:3; College Home-
stead. .
CIJjOX 17TH AVK., NR. CLEMENT ST.;
tjptt— sewered; very cheap.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
608 Market st.
<£Qinn LOT AND HOUSK OF 7 ROOMS
OOluU. and bath, near Market and Valencia
sts.: must be sold; rent $28 50 per month; also
5 lon on Day si., 9- 00 per lot; see these at once.
PATTERSON & CO., 2 Valencia St.
HEAPE>T~LOTS IN RICHMOND.
\J ONLY 8 LEFT OUT OF 50.
UliTnO 50 CASH; $10 MONTHLY WILL
t"P I vW. uuy a lot 25x120 on 11th or 12th nves.,
near forma si.: the lots are level and the
street work Is done: three different car lines near
the property. BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
\\? ILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES &TfL
• 'at lowest prices for cash or Installmntsonyour
own lot, or will furnish lot: call and examine plans.
DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 63J Market street.
Cj 1 (\l\ cash down AND balance
«IP X\J\J monthly will secure the best 4-room and
bath cottage in the Mission: -price and locality
considered: take the Missioii-st. cars to PersU
aye. (Insleslde branch), ■ walk to Edinburgh st.
and Persia aye. ; open all day Sunday. E. M.
LONG, 3207 Twenty-second St., cor Mission.
MALL HOMES: NEAR CARS; $10 PER MO.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market St.
JUST COMPLETED—
Choice modern bay-window cottace on the SW.
cor. of 22J and Sanchez sts. For terms, etc., apply
otTOBIN A MeN ALLY, 630 MarKet St.
ANTIAL MODEHN.UOUBKS BUILT;
0 $160 to 9275 a room; "parties contemplating
building Invited to call ami see plans. 1149 Mission.
Ul* 1 fW|A COTTAGE 3 ROOMS IN BEK-
«|7JUU"J. keley: lot 40x1 80: ?15 monthly.
$1000— 100x100; 50 down: $16 monthly
»400— 40x12U: *•■>« down: $25 monthly.
$500— Half acre hill land. 910 monthly.
< iIA-^. A. BAILEY. •-'() Monlgom>- v.
PKOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE.
Tyj^ACßß^Ok^H^ASTA^C^Z^u7?ris^66
— . < JO-acre ranch near San J05e........... 6.000
8-rrom bouse and lot Ban Jose 3,500
800-acre ranch In Santa Clara Co 40,000
8-room house in Belmont, San Maieo C 0... 3,000
20 houses in Oakland from 500 to 8,000
16 houses In Berkeley from «200 to 10,000
I HAVE ALL KINDS OK PROPERTY,
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 10-'O Market St., opp. Fifth.
OB GOOD RANCH. CONTRA COSTA
J County - preferred. 2 double flats, lot 50x125,
well located in Oaicland; rents $50 per month;
value « 6000: bank mortgage $2800. WM. J. L)IN-
GEr , 460 >.lghth St., Oakland. ■
1. OR HOUSE IN OAKLAND OR ALAMEDA—
X 1 A modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath in San
Jose; lot 42x140; value $3000; clear. WM. J.
DINGEE, 460 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OEND FOX OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
»C> for sale. WoOsTEK A WHITTON, San Jose.
TIMBER— 1280ACKES; KKKN CO.: PLENTY
J wHt«»r: oxcpllpnt B'oolf ranch. N.. box 16. Call.
TO EXCHANGE.
»> ness see UNDERWOOD A CO., 765 Market st.
MEDICAL. - - •■
AJBLESB|KG TO LADIES : BUFF_KiNC»
from * and diseases peculiar to their sex;
latest improved .method of treatment ; never
tails; perfectly harmless; free from any : bad
effects; never make* . them sick to make them
well; travelers helped immediately; prices to salt
the times; home In confinement. DR. A MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllisters-., next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, 9-;
tours from 9 A. it. to 5 p. _. and 7 to 9 P. — .
PROCESS THAT NEVER * AILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice tree: terms reasonable : first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. Dl . DALEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drug store.
R. FOULET'S FRENCH CAPSULE* A
guaranteed absolute cure tor all female irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safe*
and sure: no danger or after effects; taken In tim%
it also acts as a preventive; price 91 50 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLHit
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., ban * ranctsco. ■ .
A NEW PROCESS— NOMEDICINE, INSTRU-
—^L ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day: can
be sent, and used at home; a.l canes guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, 318 Kearny.
T A DIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable': take no other. Send 4c., stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mail;
at druggist's. CbichesterCnem. Co., Philadelphia,
RS. UOODWIN, . SPECIALIST; LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients: best
skill; free diagnosis; low fees; self curs. 904 Mc-
Allister st. - . :
. SURE - IUKt, ; FOX ALL FKMALK : Did-
eases, from whatever cause; home -lc confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.OWYER, 2.6 Turk su
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT UK. JiIKDAN AT
his museum. 1061 - Maricet St.: - his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
A LPKAU'S. FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A lad fes troubled with Irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; «2 60 express C. O. D.: - don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
ETROPOLITAN DISPENSARY, 1073
iv. Market st. : 20 years' experience in nervous
aad sexual diseases: both sexes: consultation free.
<J> r nnPAIDFORACASEIFAILTOCUREOF
iJIi)UU female complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT, 513 Jones su
OME. A FKIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 b.lghth st., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FEMALE DI-EASR
Irrt MKS.DR. PUETZ and be content. '2 5 4 U. 4th.
1 K. HALL, 14 McALLiS IKK STREET, N i.Ait
Xt Jones. Diseases of women and children.
KS. DKS. . DONOVAN, 1308 FOLSOM ST.;
■ confinement: terms reasonable. . - :. .-,.-■= .-.;
;* vS'EiiKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-\ WF.EKLY CALL. In wrapper, tor mailing.
ATTOKKEYa-AT-LAVy. j
d^i^ej?r^e^uiv^r7?e^Xa^ws~a^bpecl^
alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
Jaw salts, claims, collections,' wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. . HOWE, ati'y-at-law, 850 Market.
RW. KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CONS
• ution free: probate: all cases: fees low. .. _
INGORE <t MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium). .
DVIC.' 1 FK_K; NOC'HAKGE UNLESS sUO
cesatoL W. W. JJAViDSON, 827 MuK«I su
COP. yT . RY REAL estate.
TTERY desirable LITTLE V HOME OF 18
V acres: one mile from town:. house of 7 rooms:
barn and fruit house: 300 French prunes; 100
tree* of family orchard; 100 White Adriatic figs;
6 acres Tokay grapes; all In bearing: A 1 creek
bottom eoli; some persona! property; $3200; easy
terms :D. H. TWINO, Sonoma, cal. 7
OO ACRE OKCHARD; HIGHLY IMPROVED:
— JO splendid buildings and equipments: make an
offer. W. R. COLE; .Newark. :.--.?
1, AUMEKB- WE HAVE A FEW FARMS
' taken in on mortgage for sale for amount of
mortgage claim: some improved, some not; If you
want a farm on easy terms and quarter value look
Into this i. tcr. Address WAUNEK A CO., 465
Ninth St., Oakland. Cal. ■ . :
pUIICKEN RANCH TO LET; 4 ACRES;
v nicely improved; • Inside city limits; $150 per
year. G. C. YOUNG, Petaluma. ■ * ■■'
IP ARM THAT PAYS 12 PER CENT NET ON
the investment; 80 acres highly improved; 25
acres wine grapes; 30 acres orchard: all vices and
ties in fine, a. thy condition and full bearing;
spring water; good house 6 rooms and oath: small
house for men; large barn; personal ' ropeny:
a forced sale; price $12,000. EDWIN K. ALSIP
A CO., 29, second floor Mills build
OACKIFICE SALK— SIXTEEN ACKES FULL-
O bearing vineyard; best varieties; surrounded
by fruit, ' olives, ornamental trees; -■ gently
sloping; deep, rich soil; grand view; JV3 hours'
ride from city ; - close to station (and college) : ele-
gant 8-room cottage; mantels, bathroom, hard fin-
ish; large sub-cellar, chicken yard, stable, fine
water, windmill: c imate unsurpassed: sea breeze,
mountain air: building cost $3260; price only
97250; part cash. Owner, 47 south Park.
ARIN CO.; 3000 acres: 26 miles from city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre: emu to
suit- SYNDICATE IN V'T CO. , 65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
A the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain laud
ever offered In Alameda county In small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, 1 1/2 hours from San .Fran-
cisco; ' price $20 to $40 per acre; half cash; owner
must seil: title perfect; investigate. 57 Chroni-
cle building. ,• . ■<-•■•:.
QEND FOX ILLUSTRATED CIKCULAKb AND
O pamphlet of Calliornia lands for sale by H.
Francis, rooms 69-70-71, Chronicle building,
Ban Francisco. CaL
TITLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWNj IM-
■J proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: *vi»ry Monday at 633 Market at., S. V.
lIONKY TO LOAN.
<Bi '"A o n rif\(\ ' T "° loan; 6y a per cent;
tip i )\J\J.\J\J\J city realty, also Oakland: bank
rates; life Insurance, undivided states. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 218 Montgomery st.
ADVA>CES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRx
STOKE, 948 Market St. : open evenings.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, S"D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3. ■ ■ .
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE FIRST OK SEC-
XJ ond mortgages, and furniture or pianos, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery
oa nnn TO -oan IN sums to suit ON
•IP-.V.UUU city zeal estate. M. K. LEVY, 11
Montgomery st. i> ■
©fir nnn in trust AT 6 * ON KEALES-
Iip \J\J\J tate 2d mortgage, on pianos _ furni-
ture; no attorney's fee. ISAACS, 240 Montgomery.
\ION_Y LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
i'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.,nr.Ma3Qn;prlvate entrance 7 Turk.
IRECTON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue b'.dg, 1170 Market su
\ LWAY.S ON TUP FOR LIBEKAL AD-
xV vances at low interest; call and be convinced.
Cot-rate Loan Office, rm. 7, Flood bldg, 809 Market
QHQOX l\(\(\ at BANK kates: IST AND
<iptJ^O.\J\jyj 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as 950. H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEWELRY,
xi. Columbia Loan & collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
"PRIVATE PA KTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security; low Interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
NY AMOUNT: LOWEST RATE; IST A2D
morttrase: flat or installment. Dryden. 6H5 Cat
I'AVVMiKOKtKS.
IGHEST PRICE " PAID FOR CAST "oFP
nothing, Cosmopo'ltnn 1 pan Office. 49 Third.
tLNAXCIAL.
o^^ BANKS."
«JP _l I'l'.i '\'V' \t-.i>\- mi ■.'-•■>. «'nl.Sßte rpp.B.iisr.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND . REAL . ESTATE.
VI ODERN RESIDENCE; CENTRAL; NEAR
i.»A station: one of the very best neighborhoods;
beautiful : house; 8 rooms; bath: cement base-
I ment: handsome decorations; porcelain bathtub:
, gas fixtures included; large lot; must be sold;
price reduced to $4000: terms can be arranged.
A. H. BREED A CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
LM HURST LOTS; JONES TKACi : ON
terms; cement walks: 6c fare to Oakland; buy
of owner. See L. L. M. saLSBUKY, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland, or A. JONES, Elmhurst.
a* "7;-. LOTS AND UPWARD; BUY NOW
«31 I*J when you can: but few lots left In the
Allendale tract, situate ' in Frultvale, ■ adjoining
East Oakland; this is the out choice property
now being offered in this -tate at such low prices-
near a line school: two electric reads near by and
one will shortly go th rougn this tract; grand
view: rare site for a home; drainage perfect-
street all graded: some macadamized; homes
now here and others being built; terms, 55 cash,
»6 monthly. 4t>B Ninth si., Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
pro: FOR FITCHBUiiU!
-? A y^ TAKE YOUK FA_£l_T AND
I'KIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
IS KG, san leandro AND
HAY WARDS LOCAL,
pp« Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRBT, IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
JfKUITVALK IS THE- PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY.
.kOOT OF MARKET STREET, To
iITCHBURG STATION IS IV.
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES,
Alnmeda, Berkeley and Frultvale trains singed
by the Fitchbursr scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get oft the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come Liieeriul, contented aud prosperous in i'ltca-
burg.
Fitchbnr? !s tne most, promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements In the vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business renter by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels oa
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roa.U
leading to it. are lncontestihle proofs. =It Is regu-
larly laid out Into blocks and lots bounded by wlia
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented wtta
»vtuue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen *rovei.
NOW is THE TIME TO BUY.
; For a home while cheap; for speculation on *
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay: no street
improvements, to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of vi« one-sire«t iruculu
iin inaccessible hay Held . .
Lots 25 and CU feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street; double frontage. Terms, 10 par
cent cash; detuned payments in easy — utaUmuuu;
UUe perfect.
W. F. McCLURK, I" Montgomery st, S. V.
THAI). S. FITCH. Fltchburg.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
ol?G^T~Y7)uit"c^^Eß^^
en at 124 Geary st." California Camera Co.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMTUDA KEAL ESTATK.
N^XCEPTIONAL OpipollvrU^aTY^FOß
investment of a small capital In Alameda. with
positive : net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new 6-room cottages in a first-class locality ; mid-'
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block of business street and electilo
railway: artesian well: gas-engine and mill; posi-
tive sacrifice; no offer within reason refused. .. For
further particulars - address A, K. DEN XX, 1503
Seventh si., Aiameda. Cal. ,
iJ_.KKJ_LEir KEAL ESTATE.
■CJM 7^rt THE BARGAIN OF THE SEA~-
tip I tO\J. son; nouse of 6 rooms; large lot:
stable, chicken-house; street work done; near sta-
tlon.- JOS. J. M ■ mix. Berkeley station.
' MAKKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage llceniM era issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday; ,
• James Anders and Minnie Murphy, 83—31.
Thomas ,V. Dyer and Amanda Crane, 29—21.
. Cary Burnham and Agnes Ellery, 41— 2_
Alfr-d A. Watson and Annie M. Peters. 35—20.
.-Levitt H. Cox and WUllp L. McGarity, 28-22.
William Kenueyand Elizabeth Pfelffar, 2 1— 22.
Patrick H ,nti . n an.l Katie Ti»rn'.v. 30— 22.
Imms- IARRjAm— bum
rßlrth, rrarr'sce and death notices sent hr man
. will not 1, be inserted.' They mus. be handed In a-,
either of the publication offices and be indori»4
wiiti the name and residence of persons autnor:z»J
to have the oauie published. 1 ;
" BOKS.
ARMER—In Guatemala, C. A., November 21,
1893, to the wife of Joseph Z. Armer. a son. .
BRISACHER— In Centervllie, - November 20,
1890, 10 Uia wife of Leo Brisacher. a son.
BRUNIG— in this city, October 8, 1893, to the
j wife of Charles Brunlg, a son. .
ECKART— this city. November 15, 1898, to
-. the wife of Henry Eckart, a daughter.
FONDA— In th's city, November 22. 1596, to the
. wife of Harr/ Stuart Fonda, a daughter. .
FOSTER— this city,: November 18, 1896, to the
wife of George L Foster, a son.
MURRAY— In Oakland, November 23, 1896, to
the wife of J. H. Murray, a daughter.
TOFT— In this city, '-. November 20, 1596, to the
wife of N. 0. Toft, a son. 1
• MAKItIISO.
CORN- MYERS— In this city, November 22,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Nieto, Jacob Cobn and
Rebecca Myers.
HEDRICK— WILLIAMS— In this city. Novem-
ber 21. 1596, by the Rev. Dr E R. Dllle. Har-
vey F. Hedrick and Annie Williams, both of
San Francisco. •
HARRINGTON-BOA RMAN-In this city, No-
vember 22. 1898, .by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle,
Emerson H. Harrington and Ellen D. Boarman,
both of Jackson. Amador County, Cal.
KENNEY— PFEIFFER— In this city. November
2 L 1898. by th» Rev. Dr. E. R. DUle, William
Kenney and Elizabeth Pielffer, Doth of San
Francisco.
LEVY— MARKS— In this city, November 22,
IS9B, by the Rev. Dr. J. NIe;o. Bernard . Levy
and Miss Rachel Marks.
IiIKD. ~~
Bening, George B. A. Metzler, Vera Beatrice
Becker, Henry Morrill, Simon 3.
Beretta, Eugene O'Keeie, Annie
Branks. Alexander Petenen, Mathew
Desmond, Michael Peters, Rachel
Dempsey, Edward . Smith, Fraucisca
Good, Julia Stevens, James
Hart. Carrie Trapp, John Henry
Hoardon, Sarah Jane Vincent, Captain J. M*
McGillicuddy, Annie Wagner. Vincent
Walsh, Louis
BENING— In this city, November 22, 1898,
George E. A., beloved husband of Augusta Ben-
in;, father of Hermann and Frlda Uening. and
brother of Mrs. J. Puvogel, Mrs. H. Schroder
and Mrs. W. Tcgeler, a native of Wa.'enield,
ueruiaii'.-, aged 27 years 1 month and 19 days.
A member of California Siamm No. 70, U. O.
R. M.
O"Frlends and acanalntance* arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. si., from his late
residence. 654 Churc.i street, between Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth. Interment LO.O. F.
Cemetery.
BECKER— In this city, November 22, 1898,
Henry, beloved husband of Ells* Becker, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 73 years 1 month and 18
(lays. A member of Sao Francisco Schuetzeo.
Verein, Pacific Stamm No. 78, A. O. R. M., and
Ale mania Lodge No, 8, K. of P. .
J93"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from California
Hall, 6-0 Bush street, between Stockion and
Powell. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BERETTA— In the City and County Hospital,
November 3, 1896, Eugene Beretta, aged 69
years.
BRANKS— In Contra Costa County, Cal., Novem-
ber 19, 1896, 1 Alexander Branks, youngest
brother of the late Rev. William Branks, and
uncle of Mrs. A. D. Macdonaid of San Francisco
and Mrs. I. W. Powell of Victoria, B. C. a na-
tive of Lanarkshire, Scotland, aged 72 years.
DESMOND— In this city, November 22, 1896,
Michael, beloved brother of John and the late
Patrick Desmond, uncle of Mamie, Katie and
John Desmond and the late Josle McCauley, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. O'Malley, a native at the
parish of Scull. County Cork, Ireland, aged 56
years 1 month and 10 days.
JOT Friends and acquaintance*- are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 318 Vallejo stieet. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DEMPSEY— in the City and County Hospital.
November 23, IS'J3, Eiward Dempsey, aged 41
years.
GOOD— In this city, November 23. 1898. Julia,
beloved daughter of Lizzie A. Good, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. James Breslan. a- native of
San Francisco, aged 13 .years and 6 months.
HART-In this city. November 21, 1896, Carrie
Hart, a native of Lafayette, Ind.
HOARDON— In this ctlv. November 22, 1893.
.-arah Jane Hoardon, wife of John Hoardon. and
mother of Margaret, Gertrude, John and Fran-
cis JLloardon, a native of Liverpool, England,
a«ei 38 years. . ■
£3"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 3025 steiner street, thence to St.
Bridget's . Church, Broadway and . Van Ness
avenue, for services at 9 o'clock a. k. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. :.
McGILLICUDDY— In this city, November 21,
1893, Annie, beloved daughter of Eugene and
the late Mary McGHUcuddy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years. ; ■
JBS*Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 1204 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mas* will be celebrated for the repose or her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. if. Lutermen:
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
METZLER— In this city, November 23, 1895,
Vera Beatrice, beloved Infant child of Hermann
and Isabelle Metzler, ■ and sister of Edward
Charles Metzler, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 4 months and 26 days.
jafJ-Th" funeral will taKe mace TO-MORROW
(Wednesday) from the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 036 Washington street. Interment
private at I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■ ■■ • ■
MORRILL— In Berkeley, November 21. 1833.
Simon S., beloved husband of Lena Morrill, and
father of Fred, Raymond, Simon, Annie and
' Kate Morrill, a native of New Hampshire, aged
til rears 11 months and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _■„ from the par-
• lors of Beaudry <fe McAvoy, 873 Washington
street, Oakland, interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. .. ,
O'KEEFE— In this city, November 22, 1898,
Annie, beloved wife of Jerry O'Keefe, mother of
Annie, Johnnie and the late Katie O'Keefe. and
sister of Maggie Daily, a native of Ballyclough.
County Cor«, Ireland, aged 47 years. [Boston
papers please copy.J
JKs""Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
. residence, 493 Eighth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. x. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In Newark, CaL, November 2a
1896, i Mai hew, beloved son of Hans M. and
Marie Petersen, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 25 years 8 months and 3 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
717 Treat avenue, t*
I. O. O. F.— To the officers and members of Fidel-
ity Lodge No. 332, 1. O. O. F.: You are earnestly
requested to attend the funeral' of our late
brother, Mathew Peterson, irom the Masonic
Temple, THURSDAY, November 26,1896, at
1 o'clock p. 11. By order of
HENRY JACKS, N. G.
P A. W. Downs, Rec. Rec. ■•;
PETERS— In Los Angeles, November 23.1896.
. Rachel, beloved wife of Plncus Peters, and
mother of Abe and Tillie Peters, and daughter of
Mrs. K. Alexander, and sister of Mrs- Elkells,
Phillip and Eva Alexander, a native of San
• Francisco, aged 3 7 years.
SMITH— In Oakland, November 23,1891, at her
residence, 559 Fourth street, Franclsca. wife of
Antone Smith, a native of Pleasanloa, Cal.,
I aged 23 years 4 months and 14 days.
STEVENS— In this city, November 22, 1896,
James, beloved husband of Sarah F. Stevens
and father of Mrs. James brogan, James C.
May. Kittle and Lou Stevens and the late Mrs,
George Brogan. a native of County Meath, Ire-
land, need 63 years ' .
Jt9TFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from bis late
\ residence. til- Buchanan street, ihence to Sacred
1 Heart church, where a solemn requiem mass
\ will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. it lntermea: Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
TRAPP— South San Francisco, November 21,
1895, John Henry Trapo, beloved son of Michael
and Mary Ann Trapp, and brother of William,
Clarence and Rosle Tranp, a native of San Fran-
cisco, s(Sd 11 years 6 months and 3 days.
a-aT"Kr:enis and acquaintances Are reiT»3-.-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tui-siay), at 10:30 a. m., from the residence
of bis parents, 1511 Seventh avenue south.thenca
to All Hallows Church, corner Fifteenth avenue
and N < street ~ south, for services. Interment
Hoy Cross Cemetery.
VINCENT— In Mexico, Captain J. M. Vincent,
beloved husband of Mrs. T. Vincent, aud dearly
beloved father of Albert, Harry, Joe, George and
I May Vincent, aged 74 years.
WAGNER— In this city, November 22, 1893, Vin-
cent Wagner, beloved father of Edward Wagner,
Mrs. G. H. Wellbrock and the late Louise Koeh-
ler, a native of Baden, Germany, aged 76 years
9 months and 25 days, j . .
JB3T Friends and acquaintance* ' are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the
residence of Mrs. G. H. Wellbrock, 909 Flllmore
street, interment Mount Tamalpais Cemetery, 7
by the 12:35 o'clock p. m. Tiburon boat. Pleas
omit flowers.
WALSH— In this city. November 23, 1896, Lonls,
beloved husband of Hanora Walsh, and father ot
- the late Mrs. Mary Frances Allen, a native of
County Cor*. Ireland, seed 70 years.
YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
quiem high mass for the repose of the souls of
deceased members of the Young Men's Catholic
Union will be celebrated in St. Mary's Cathe-
dral on Thanksgiving day, THURSDAY,
November 26," commencing al 10 o'clock a. m.
Sermoa by Rev. E. P. Dempsey. Friends tff the
Y. M. C. U. are invited to attend.
'  McAVOY & CALL AC HER, T
J FONRRAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM*-
90 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
, Telephone 3080. V!
JAS. iIcJIBJOKSY. ''has. McMenomjJy
JAMES aioMENOaiJK x ' & SO.V,
FNI>KBTAKKBa AND EMISALMEB3,
IU&7 Mission Street, Near buveutli.
Telephone No. 3354. ; .
JAS. ENGLISH. '-■ "- T. K. CAKiS W ;
CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND ■ EMBALMED
FUNKKAI. piBKCTOKS. '.% .~:
3 9 Van Ness aye., near -Uurketsu S_a anc i~,,
Telephone so. 150- . ,' . a ? '
"mount olivet CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: -NEAREST CEME.
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sens* ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. ' <jOic« WJ umritit
«ut«h •ouilteaiK corner g( si-U*. -
1314
SOME LIGHTS AND SHADOWS
IN JAMES G. FAIR'S LIFE
His Likes and Dislikes, Cunning, Caution and Love
of Small Talk Shown in His
Letters.
A Queer Custom of Signing All
Kinds of Odd Names Save
His Own.
CONTEST FOR THE LETTERS.
Revelations Mad; Public in a Suit by
Jerome Caidwell Against
Charles L. Fair.
A suit filed by Delmas & Shortridge yes
terday in a case where Denson &De Haven
are of counsel throws more sidelights on
the character of ttie late James G. Fair
than anything that has ever yet been
printed. The case is that of Jerome
Caldwell vs. Charles L. Fair to compel
the delivery of many of the late Senator
Fair's letters.
The lights and shadows in the public
and private life of the Senator, his man
ner of corresponding and his methods of
judging men and things appear quite
fully in ninety-four letters, which are the
subjects of the sait.
The letters were written to Jerome Cald
■well, Senator Fair's trusted aerent and per
sonal friend, during the period from No
vember, 1858, to Junf, 18JM.
The suit is by Jerome Caldwell, now of
Los Angeles, against Charles .L. Fair. The
petition alleges that the i lain tiff is the
owner cf the letters in question, copies of
which are set forth in a schedule attac ied
to the complaint; that between Janu
ary 10 and July 1. 1595, tne plain
tiff, at the reque.-t of Charles
L. Fair, intrusted the latter with
the care and custody of the letters, un
der defendant's promise that he would
return the same on request. The object
of the loan was to make a comparative
Btudy of "the pencil will," and it was after
an examination of these letters that the
authenticity of the pencil will was ad
mitted.
On the 23a of November, so the allega
tions run, the plaintiff demanded of de
fendant that he return the letters, bat he
refused to do so, "and in violation of his
promise retains* possession of them." It
is further alleged that the ietiers are of a
private character, for which reason it is
hard to ascertain their pecuniary value.
The complaint, therefore, prays that spe
cific delivery of the letters oe compelled.
Many of the late Senator's epistles treat
of matters not discussed in polite society,
the language being coarse and often posi
tively vulgar. In moments of autrer, or
when discussing persons whom he did not
like, the millionaire Senator [at none go
unwhipped of what he considered justice,
though it was often a rude justice he ad
ministered.
The writer loved small gossip, and
listened to scandals with an eager and a
hungry ear — if they affected people he
knew. He often discussed family matters;
often inquired for small gossip of people's
doings and sayings, and was conning
about divulging facts about his own move
ments and intentions.
Of punctuation and capitalization the
stern millionaire knew nothine, though his
spelling was usually correct. A peculiarity
was the absence of almost every punctua
tion mark except the dash, but he used
that in few instances, his sentences run
ning along for great lengths without the
ign of a stop for breath, or a fall of the
Voice.
Another peculiarity is seen in his use of
strange nicknames or nons de plume for
himself, many of the epistles being signed
"Shaw's Flat," or "Whimtown," and one
or two "Fawning. 1 ' The name "Whim
town" was one ol his favorites, as was
"Shaw's Fiat."
It is hardly probable that the writer be
lievea such signatures would hide his
identity, but he took a strange delight in
designating himself in this odd way.
Taken as a whole the letters show a
stern current of common sense, but a
marvelous littleness in many thine;*, or a
love of studying small things. Even in
matters political he inquired lor trie opin
ion of "old Smith, the blacksmith," or of
some equally unimportant political fac
tor, and often asked his correspondent to
k«ep him informed about small t ings.
Thi Call presents a number of the let
ters complete, and the reader may learn
from them many peculiarities of the man
ofvast resources and many millions.
The following letters, partially corrected
and punctuated sufficiently to make them
plain, a tning Fair did not think
worthy of attention, show some of
the late Senator's characteristics in treat
ing of matters affecting his political inter
ests. They show a minute study of small
local situations, a great desire" lo know
tne attitude of men of small influence in
politics, and a memory for wrongs. Tnese
two are typical of many and are sub
mitted as fair samples of a correspondence
that extends over many years :
Palace Hotel, )
San Francisco, Oct. 10, 188O.J
Jerome Caldwell Esq.: I received your Letter
but It diU not contain the information de
sired. I am aware smith is not a Democrat
but desire to know it he was friendly outride
of politics you should have wrote more
said more did you talk with him lately <fc
what did he say? Spend a few moments in
•writing. I have spent many hours in your In
terest when hard pressed for time. Yours in
haste, J. G. Faie.
7 Nevada block, San Francisco.
Pan Francisco, October 6, 1880.
Jerome Caldwell: I wish you would make a
friendly call on Joseph Smith, the biacksmith
near the Ophir, and see if he is friendly to me
in the coming election, then drop me a line to
No. 6 Nevada block, San Francisco, when I
return, then call and see me. Yours.
J. G. Fair.
The following letter shows the Senator's
NEW TO-DAT.
The Secret of a Beautiful Skin
Boft, White hnndi, shapely nails, and luxuriant
hair, with clean wholesome scalp, is found in tho
¥511?* l c X ion of the PoR «, produced by CUTI-
CUKA SOAP, the most effective jiiin purifier,
and beautifler in the world. tf«"u»er,
Sold the world. Potter Drug a*d Cum.
kaz. OoaroKAiiw, Solo rroprittan, *mv«; I *^,,
way of referring to some conduct of his
correspondent that pleased him:
Angeles, Nov, 25, 1858.
My Dear Friend: I want to write, but I
scarce know what to say by way of condolence
for your bad lucic, and doubly so from drag
ging my debts along with you in these hard
times, but if years of attention will earn
enough to repny you you will find I "ill act
the part of a man with you for your noble con
duct with me. I saw Hunter here on yester
day, he soid us without a doubt, his own
story would convict him. • • • J. G. F.
Next in the exhibits comes a quaint ref
erence to matters known only to the cor
respondents. There is a strange reference
to "b:ood drying up" and a reference to
the safety of letters put in the United
States mails. This letter shows in a strik
ing way how the man's caution and sus
picion blended in his transactions. He
often signed himself "Whimtown."
Christmas Day, 1884.
Dear Whimtown— Monogue may be the man—
of course, such a thing must exist in super
stition only. The Idea of blood drying up.
Then as to H., I am unable to guess who it
mny be.
There is no risk in the mails. Letters
dropped in the cars on leaving never go
through postofiices, and are not handled.
Men never undertake to open sealed letters
without wax. The latter the best.
I said i.oihiHfc to Lyman, but he is honorable
and true— any lilnt you give him that I was
always kind to you. Father and your mother
in need would place you right. Stone is my
lawyer and anything you learn about Dick
Deys' sayings and doings he would be glad to
know. • • • I hear Fanny will marry soon.
Whimtown.
I hear old Joe Smith, the wagon-maker and
blacksmith was a great enemy of mine. Is it
so? Also that he was in DickDeys 1 employ.
The man of many millions, the king of
large estates, had little use for men who
talk too much. The following throw
light on this phase of his character:
February 1, 1884.
I have yours ol the 21st. I intended to tell
you to send me back my letter after you had
jotted down certain things in it. Such things
might fall into the hands of someone who
talks. You must work slowly and with great
care. It will turn up to you quite easy after
you get a start. I know La b knows all,
but you have little hope there— he is so
cunning. Fitzgerald and perhaps Prentice, or '
one of them, it has been told i> me, were to
do the work don't let any one mail your
letters. Do your letters couie to the Con. Va.
offices? lam gicd thai it is the impression
that I will not return to the coast.
What reason do they assign? Was it Tom
thnt your man saw below that looked so con
tented and was lining on the fat of the laud
or some one else?
I hope you are getting along smoothly. I
had a letter from your brother Charles and
am trying to get him a place. He writes a
good letter. Yours, J. G. F.
Under date of May 6 the wrfter mys
teriously hints that somebody was once
hired to kill him, discusses his wife's af
fairs and inquires for current gossip:
May 6, '84.
Dear Fay: 1 have two letters from you, he
last April 29. In the former you said that
Fannie had given Patton a hard talking to. I I
do not know who tlii-, Fannie is. but suppose I
it was the old madam. If so, what had she to
complain of. P.»rt of your last letter 1 cannot
guess. I was aware Rooney sent letters to his
sister through the servant girl. I have 25 of
them.
I know nothing of the Fitzgerald you speak
of. I have never given him auy coin" or caused
it to be given. I know of do papers he had or
aught about what suggested there. I always
thought Rooney hired him to kill me. I know
nothing of the great crime you refer to. I
guess that there is no one afraid io go to Vir
ginia; they will find this so when I return.
I have heard nothing of tne second boy going
to the bad. Tell me all you hear about it.
Why should Lamb hate F. so? I don't beileve
It. I wish you to report that you heard I was
going to Europe soon. Yours, in g'eat haste,
Shaws Flat.
Correspondent Caldwell is next in
structed on the methods of penmanship
that best pleased the Senator. Incident
ally he discusses many Dersonal and
minor matters:
United States Senate, )
Washington, D. C, May 22, 1884. j
I have just read your answer of 13th and
note all said— l now understand who Fannie
! is and ask you to use this ntme hereafter for
j her— l do not know Patsy Connors— l think
you mean Patsy Cotter— get all the particu
lars what she said against Patton— l know
nothing o; the killing of any one or how
Shaws F:at could De concerned in it.
I am glad you reported me'going to Europe.
Shaw's opinion oi ihe Fair family refers to
what his wife knows about Fannie.
What has Charlie been doing? Find cut all
i the particulars from Thomas.
I wish I knew shannon's reasons for being
disappointed at my trip. It may be he is em
pioye<! by Mackay," or by Dick Dey for the lat
ter. Mackay's health Is giving way. He looks
' bud, I am imormed.
Try and write smaller, more fully and with
! less care. lam g.ad you are we.l, and do not
', believe Lamb is down on you. Ycurs, truly
! yours, Shaws Flat.
While in the halls of the United States
Senate the busy statesman of many mil
lions found time to write many letters,
marked by a style wholly their own.
The following abounds in expressions
which will be recognized as characteristic
of the man:
United States Senate, j
Washington, D. C. June 16, 1884.)
Dear Jail, C. (,'.: 1 hove yours of May 19th <fc
Juue 2d &. 3d— l am in my seat and cannot
writ** much I have Deen to N "York twice
in West Va. five days or I would have
wrote you oftener — It's a shame Jim did not
kill himself with either Pistol or Poison he
and Tom are terrible fools.
The madam has gone to Madam Mackay in
Europe. Tne children came here all they
could before leaving for Paris. They had but
one friend to go to the ship with them &
that a rough one. Your statement thatShaws
Flat killed i-ome one is absurd. Jim said he
spoke very fully. If so, in God's name why
did you not say what he said?
Thomas is all wrong in his statement. She
had $7000 to come Dack with, but played this
as a trick and succeeded; even Taylor now
knows this. The report of old Shannon that
we would disincorporate the mines is all bosh.
Pat Cotter is an honest boy and tells only the
truth. He is simple-minded.
It is impossible lor me to write much. You
are very faithful and collect a great deaL In
time I may be able to assist you if things give*
out in Virginia. Keep on the run of your
brother, as I may want him before long.
Yours, Shaws Flat.
On Jun6 28. 1884, amid the noise and
bustle of legislation, the Senator found
time to discuss loafers and men wbo stand
on the street corners and watch women:
United States Senate, (
Washington, D. C, June 28, 1884. J
Dear Jerome: I nuve your kind letter of the
20th of June & note all you say — I can reply
to but little of it as I am in my seat <fe talk
& noise is loud and thick— Things must be
thinned out very much now as all the mines
are stopped or about so— it looks to me as
though that crowd had about got through
with Patton — Lyman is a good & faithful
man and will probably get Xiis place. If the
madam should Dfe angry witn any one It
Should be Taylor Curly Bill and Patton but
there Is still Enough that she never suspected.
When you see au^ht in the papers about me
cut it out, with the date of the paper, and in
close it. The article referred to I will hunt
for. as I take the Chronicle.
Jimmy will be here to-morrow. Poor boy
he is drinking some; I may be able to control
him. Try and you will get more on a page
and the less attractive. I see you keep the run
of them ducks very well. I look on them more
as a virtual shutdown aud abandonment I
will go to Carlsbad about July 20th, from here
All letters sent here will be for warded to me
* * • Fawning. '
The following is a characteristic letter
on domestic affairs. The writer speaks of
his wife as a "scold, 1 ' and tells how he
just allowed her to "bolt" along until she
was through:
Office of James G. Fair, Nevada Block )
San Francisco, Nov. 24, 1884 '
Dear Jerome: 1 have received your untiring
letters & thank you kindly ;or the same, i have
net answered for the reason that 1 dare not
write least they would get It & io give you
away. * * *
Fanny looks Da a ik n i very unhappy
woman—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1896.
Policeman Crowley's Experience With a Coon.
She was in to talk with me about the child
ren to-day she scolds mo as she always did and
seems to think I ought to stand it sne said
(good naturedly) she had a right to scold. I
lei her bolt aloug & have nothing to do with
her its bast, folks were talking— & not
kindly— here a little & drop me a line— after
wiU soon go east. If you see a place you want
write on that subject (only) to me <fc will do
all I can lor you. Yours, J. G. Fair.
In the following letter the writer vents
himself so explicitly that part of his letter
is not fit for publication, and concludes by
signing himself "Table Moun'ain."
United States Senate, )
Washington, D. c, 15ih, ISBS. \
I have your kind letter of Jay 31st & note
all the talk <fc Ideas. Go on as yuu are &do
not speak to Lyman on our matters. • • • I
can tell you a loug story about the trio you 6z
I know. lam friendly with Stone &uo more.
Have not heard from him for a long time —
never from the parties you name— l am glad
your good little wife has improved & trust she
Is well again. I will return abUt the 15ta of
April — always glad to hear irom you— ir m all
I learn now Cleveland intends for all officials
to serve out their time without removal— this
is wrong <fc may not be true.
lam greatly crowded today gooa by— to you
& yours Table Mountain.
The following letter from the Senate
Chamber, signed "Fanny," is a queer
commingling of opinions on matters pri
vate and public:
United States Senate. )
Washington. March 15. IHSS. j
Dear Friend: 1 liav..- 100 ietiers to answer to
day, but will write you tirst. I !iave your
letter of Kebruarv 22 and March 7; received
the latter this hour. I note your remarks and
the unswerving interest you take in me and
my affairs.
I never heard of Jack Nichols being ap
pointed guardian of ray boy acd horsewhip
ping him ; it cannot be trut-. "
There are floods of people after office in Ne
vada—but there are few vacant. The Collector
ol Customs for revenue in nevada will not be
vacant for 3 years — the luarsal rune nearer the
same time almost all offices in the same fix <&
we think the President will not remove but let
terms run out.
I, will in some way arrange to get you a posi
tion in the mint or the Surveyor Genemls
office that will give you a good salary. Try vV
learn all you can In writing plainly figures
and all such things.
In learning is success, Vrooman has been
successful by siuddy & constant application &
practise in speaking, so that Crank Paton has
got back. hi(> wile has been a greatly abuse
woman <fc I am glad she is paying him back.
I wrote Stones opinion also Risings v- to my
ownership in the mine*. I know both men
well — I also note Lands good expressions of
me so the good man like itners are finding out
Mackay <fc Flood.
The Senate will adjourn in 10 days I think,
I will spend 3 days in N. York and 4 days in
lowa & then go west and will stop over in Va
City for 2 or 3 days on the way
I am In good hea.th and trust to god I will
remain so— my head is as clear as a bell and I
never forget my good and true friends truly
yours Fanny
The following is as quaint a letter as any
that appears:
United States Senate, (
Washington, D. C. apr. sth, 1886. \
Dear Tab c: I have your kind letters 3 in all
the last a request I will nil if I can but I think
no such books are here
I never ast Bill Thomas to write to me —
why should he spoke very kindly <$: said
a good deal— Dunne— l saw but a mo
ment all say he is quite reliable
& a very good man— of course I
know nothing of him— l am a little surprised
what you say about Lamb & Cooper— but more
about Rus Lamb. I almost supported him. I
can see but little gain for you in their society
gatherings, which Alexander in it that lives
down near San Diego, is the one that married
your mothers sister or the old one — I have a
great deal to do. Ii seems I can never get
caught up I hear Fannie goes B\st with old
mother spalding to visit all the water places,
truly yours Mountain.
In the following letter be addresses his
correspondent as a mountain and signs
himself Bhaw's Flat:
Office of James G. Fair, )
Booms A, B an.i i , 230 Mo .gomery Street, >
San Francisco, Oct. 19, 86 )
Dear mountain: I have your kind favor of
16th & note carefully ail you say «v feel that all
is true. I will not run as I have .-o much
business of my own I could not attend to the
duties 1 have been kind to the Commutes &
have assissted no others <fc must adhere to this
no man was Ever more kind or thankful to
bis friends than I am & I have no doubt of
their success. I am very poorly to-day & I
have been so the past. 3 days — otherwise I
would write more fully and clearly— destroy
this the moment you read It.
I enclose a letter of Vanloans or Van Loan,
read It and return It telling me who he is aqd
all about him you can. I think him unworthy
of notice. I dont know him & wont lend him
money— as always yours Thankfully
Shaws Flat.
The following letters explain them
selves. He commends his corresuondent
in one for leading a Christian life:
James G. Fair, 230 Montpomerv St. i
San Francisco, Aug. 20th, 89 j
Jerome Caldwell Eta.: My dear sir I have
yours of Aug. 4th <St note contents when
Thomas Burk arrives I will treat him and
your letter with the best consideration In all
respects
As to your former letter It surprised me &
did not sound like a Caldwell but that is past
now as you request <fc will not have my
Thoughts again
1 am glad to know you are living a Christian
life and getting along well. I commend you
for so doing
I am in perfect health and trying to enjoy
this world by hard work and close attention to
business. Trusting al will be ever well with
you I remain still your Friend
James G. Fair.
(No date.)
Daer Friend: I reed Bunb'.e of Dunne yester
day It shows how they are driven to find bad
to say of your Friend, steeling Silver Bullion
you know is impossible— ai the others except
Fannies part are absurd — The poisonir is on
the other foot but did not hear of It
until lately— l exoect your letter giving
the name of your informant (today) its wise
not sending It the same day — and not to get It
i» Cruil sus pence. I will leave here next
Wednesday at 3 o'clk P. M. for W— n I will pass
Reno and call at Chamberlains for a letter
I will see what position you can fill that will
be best for you— that I can get, if you have
news at all times send to (Washington D. C.) I
will write from there Fannies Man
Darid Hmdrrnon Married.
CHICAGO, ■ 111-, Nov. 23— David Hen
derson and Miss Frankie .Raymond were
married on Saturday last. Mr. Hender
son was until recently . manager .of '•■ the
Chicago Opera-house,' and Miss Raymond
was for several seasons a member of the
Henderson Burlesque Company. '
• » ■»
. Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, at greatly reduced
prices; building to be removed. "-'■ 6 ami 7 Third at.
TIE COOS STOLE
THE CHICKENS
Exciting Experience of Po
liceman J. J. Crowley in
the Mission.
ent to Arrest a Thief Who
Was Locked Up in a Hen
house.
Toe Thief Prov d to Bs a Coon, Which
Was Killed With an Ax Wielded
by the Owner.
Policeman J. J. Crowley has had an ad
venture that has nearly turned his hair
Cray.
About 9. o'clock Sunday night George
Terrill, 3627 Seventeenth street, sent a
message to the Seventeenth-street police
station that a thief was locked up in his
Henhouse, and to send an officer at once to
arrest him.
Crowley, who is a recent addition to the
force, was on station duty, and Lieutenant
Burke instructed him to go with the
patrol >vagon and bring the chicken-thief
to the station.
"You will have to be careful," said the
lieutenant, "and keep your head cool, as
the thief may be armed and offer resist
anc."
Crowley smiled grimly, and after care
fully examining his revolver took his seat
in the wagon and in a few minutes reached
Terrill's house. Terrill told him that for
weeks past valuable fowls had been stolen
from the henhouse, but the strange thing
about it was that only one was taken at a
time. A lew minutes before he sent tlie
message to the station he heard a commo
tion among the fowls, and knew that the
thief was there again, so he quietly
slipped up to the henhouse and locked the
door.
Crowley and Terrill held a consultation
of war and decided upon a plan ot opera
tion. Terrill armed himself with an ax
and Crowley pulled out his revolver and
lighted a stub of a candie he had in his
pocket.
Terrill held the ax in his right hand and
inserted the key in the lock with hi«i left
band. Just as he threw open the door
Crowley was to level the revolver at the
thief and order him to throw up his
hands.
When all was in readiness Terrill un
locked and threw open the door aud
jumped aside with ax uplifted, while
Crowley leveled his revolver and had just
got the words "Throw up out of his
mouth when something dashed out of the
henhouse and rushed between Crowley's
le^s, tripping him up ana throwing him
on his back.
"What is it?" yelled CrowJey.
"It's a coon," yelled Terrill, who aimed
a blow at it with the ax and split its head
open. It had a hen in its mouth. The
coon had been the thief, but how it si
ways managed to get into the henhouse
as it was always locked at night, is a mys
tery. J
Crowley had to return to the station
without a prisoner, but it will be a long
time before he recovers from the scare the
coon gave him.
NO EVIDENCE GAINST THEM
Release of the Men Suspected of Causing
jtrbuekW* Death.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 23. -Joe Da
vidson, G. W. Stevens. Samuel Stewart
and Frederick Monger, the four men
arrested on Friday on suspicion of being
concerned in the robbery and supposed
murder of Frank P. Arbuckle. were dis
charged by Magistrate Brann in Harlem
Court, this • morning. Police Captain
Kirchner made affidavit that he had no
evidence against them.
The body of Frank P. Arbuckle began
its journey to Denver to-nieiit, in charee
of . his widow am R. H. - Porter. Mr.
Arbuckle business manager. A stop of
a few hours will be made at Erie, Pa.,
where the dead man's father and mother,
both over 80 years of age, are living. Then
the party will go to Denver, where the in
terment will take place. : ■•■
— " m ' ' ' ', '
Keane on the Way lo Rotnr.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 23.-A Herald
special from Washington says: The re
port reached here to-night that Bishop
Keane was on his way to Rome. Dr. Rooker,
the secretary of the apostolic delegation,
said it was the first he had heard of the
matter. There was no news of the call to
Rome at the Catholic University and in
accordance with the usual procedure those
I in authority declined to be quoted on the
subject in the absence of direct informa
tion.
One Demperado l-atnlly Injured.
LEBANON, Ind., Nov. 23.— A bloody
fight took place on the southeast corner of
the public square at 8 o'clock this evening
between the notorious Miller gang and a
posse of officers. Bill Woods, of the des
peradoes, was fatally injured. Policeman
George Frost received a bullet in his
thieh. and several others Buffered alight
id juries.
BRIGHT LIGHTS WILL SHINE
ON SIXTH STREET'S PAVEMENTS
A Progressive Movement Inaugurated by the Mer
chants of the Northern End of
That Thoroughfare.
A Demand for the Withdrawal
of Bobtail Cars Will Soon
Be Made.
AN ELECTRIC LINE WANTED
The Street May Be I laminated Next
Saturday— Preparations for a
Grand Celebration.
"We are going to whoop up Sixth
street." That waa the announcement
made last night by one of the prominent
merchants doing business on that thor
oughfare.
The storekeepers on Sixth street, follow
ing the example of those on Polk street,
have decided to erect electric lights on
Sixth street, from Market to Folsom.
Joseph L. Jacobs, and L. G. Jacobs, his
brother, a clerk with Mrs. Harriett Jacobs
of 26 and 28 Sixth street, went on Poik
street a few nifhts since, and, noticing
the improved condition of that thorough
fare, wondered why Sixth street could
not be made attractive. They consulted
with L. V. Merle, B. B. Duncan and
George B. Starr, wno are interested in the
first block south ol Market street; with
H. Elibach, who does busintss in the next
block south, and H. Woiff, who is in busi
ness on the block between Howard and
Folsom, and the result of the consultation
was a determination to interview the
electric lignt company and obtain rates.
These were rixed at $6 50 for six months
for each storekeeper in advance, six li?nts
to a block, providing a stated number of
individuals in each block would pay that
amount. Then followed a canvass of the
people, Starr, Merle, Duncan and L. N.
Jac"bi doing the work in the first block;
H. Elsbacli, H. H. Plant, John Moore and
8. liosenthal in the second block, aud
Herman Wolff in the third block.
Each committee met with a great deal
of success, and by 6 o'clock last night had
received sufficient signatures to warrant
the ordering of the lights placed in posi
tion. In the first block thirty-ight signa
tures were obtained, in the second block
forty-five and in the third thirty-seven.
The number necessary to make up the
requisite number will be obtained to-day
or to-morrow, as the property -owners will
be called upon to <-onirit>nte.
"Not on y do we want more light," said
J. L. Jacobs, "but we propose to organize
a permanent improvement club and de
man-i that the three blocks be bitumen
izeu, and that a better car service be put
on. We shall ask the railroad company to
withdraw the bobtail rattletrai s a:id sub
stitute an electric line to connect with the
San Jose depot. In this we will enlist the
property owners and storekeepers south of
Folsom street.
The following are the names that ap
pear on the lists of the committee for the
three blocks:
First block— B. Cluff, grocer, No. 17; Mrs.
H. Jacobs, fancy goods 26 and 28; Schnizier
& Fox, provisions. 19; Deasy Bros., shoes, 20;
W. Masterson, owner, 19; w. Hestel, jewelry,
10; Owens & Starr, restaurant, 9; McVicker &
Brader, tess, 40; J. Jacobson, restaurant, 13,
L. V. Merle, clothine. 45 and 47; Brady &
Glynn, liquors, 15; O. Metzier, grocery, 23;
M. G.auittotii, Liquors, 29; Montgomery it Co.,
groceries, 31; Bennell Bros., hardware,
33; J. M. Sweeney, boots, 37; Bul
lion <fe Co., millinery, 39; May
Tea Company, 41; Conn Bros., jew
elry, 44; A. J. Rosier, restaurant, 21; P.
J. Coffey, liquors, 16; Arnold & Walsh, fur
nishing goods, 32; E. Joullin, wines, 30; Mrs.
A.Christy, millinery, 12; Tarn Bros.. liquors,
10: Mrs. W. A. Kemp, millinery, 4}£; J. A.
Foster, cigars. 2; A. Lubeck, jewelry, 4; Stern
& Pierson, photos. 6; F. O. Kaabe, groceries,
25' 2 : Harpsburger & Co., drugs, Sixth and
Mission; John Punorel. groceries, 30%; A.
Webber, bakery, 26; J. P. Lesser, boots. 28;
Mrs. Skinner, millinery, 5; A. S. Laundy, 14^';
J. A. Pendergast. turnißnlng goods, 7.
Second block— Schoenholz& Bros., drygoods,
110 and 112; Gorsell Bros., liquor. 102;
Marks Bros., drygoods, 106; H. H. Piant,
liquor,, 117; R. Gortelli, fruit. 113; A. Con
soni, butcher, 111; A. E. Kleinhardt, cloth-
Ing, 109; E. C. Cahill, paints, 107; W. M.
Pratt, cigars, 101; L. Nenman, fruit, 121; A.
Goslinor. restaurant, 123; Gus Jacobs, bar
ber. 123>^; George C. Angelo. restaurant, 127;
A. Newbauer, delicatessen, 131; L B. Conn,
machinery, 145; Davis <fc Johnson,
liquors, 115; Miss Leary,. millinery, 118;
Bon Bros. & Weisgeiler, liquors,
100; J. A. Sorensen, jewelry, 135 ; R. C. Pun
bar, liquors, 133; J. . Jai-quiiift, florist, 105,
Coregson Bros, .bazaar, 103; D. Hadler, grocery,
Sixth and Howard streets: i >. Chesney, liquors,
129; L. H. Derdo, fruit, 131^; Lampson Bros.,
cigars, 106; American Ice Company, 140;
Gregory Bros., florists, 147; S. Rosen
thai, dry goods, 144; P. Fianni -an, dry
goods, 152; Houston Bros., bazaar, 150;
Levin Brothers, groceries, 134 ; Mone & Sons,
shoes, 138; A. N. Newman, millinery, 130;
G. A. Crougb, market, 108; E.Atkins, shoes,
122; Mrs. M. Hopkins, millinery, 114; J. W.
Riley, candy, 114%: Baily<fc Davitt, b.ikery,
120; Johnson & Shiel. 104; P. M. Moran & Co.,
drygoods, 126-128; McDevitt, owner, 110;
Hamilton, owner, 135 ; ; Mrs. Meyer, lodging,
115; Benbrook House, lodging, 114.
Tuird block— H. Wolf A Bros., Nos. 208 and
210; Yokohama Tea Company, 204 Wright &
Gaw, grocery, 206; E. Eisenberg, ciears, 202;
F. J. Dugan, liquors, 200: W. Wolf, owner,
201; Leon Root, drugs, corner Howard; O. .<.
Meads, restaurant, 205; A. Jelish, 213; C. W.
Moeller, stationery, 203; H. Ide/ teas, 201;
New York shoestore, 214; " B.Brady, butcher.
218; D.D.Davidson, crockery, 223; .Lincoln
Bros., grocery, 226; « M. Cohen, clothing,
228; C. Krelger, candy. 230; R. Kohl
mack, fancy, goods, 234; Leon D. Stone;
butcher, 236; S. Flatow & Co., dry goods, 240;
Myer Bros., groceries, corner Howard; L. Ru
benstein, barber, 237; P. Marchand. market,
235; W. Augnstlne, restaurant, 233; Joseph
Gailhard, liquors, 229: C. B. Poor, 225; W.
Erllch, stationery. 225; W. A. Sullivan,
liquors, 215; S.Kafka, butcher, 209; Colum
bia Ten Company, 250; P. E. Neuman, dry
goods, 252; Mrs. M. Gaughan. millinery. 248:
A. La Vailie, fancy goods. 212; Julius Beitie,
dentist, 202; E. Searle, bazar, 223; J. H. Me
deau, liquor, 224; Summerfield & Roman,
owners, 240.
If possible the street will be lighted on
next Saturday, on \ which occasion there
will be a procession, music and a jollifica
tion. _____^^_____^_ • •
"OF A CRIMINAL CHARACTER."
Peculiar Arguments Made by Attorneys in
tfte Santa Fe Receivership
Case.
TOPEKA. Kans., Nov. 23— In the
United Slates court here this morning tho
deposition of A. W. Oliver, Ira Welch, W.
A. Thomas and Frances Q. Flannagan of
St. Louis were filed by the Santa Fe rail
road attorneys to substantiate their charge
that the recent receivership was brought
about for stock-jobbing purposes. The
story alleged in these depositions is to the
effect that A. E. Pinkney of Kansas City
knew when, where and how the receiver
for the road was to be appointed, and he
so informed the parties. When the case
was called this morning a postponment
was asked until 2 o'clock and was granted.
When the case was called at 2 o'clock
Judge Foster decided to hear first the
motion to remand the case to the District
Court of Jefferson County. Judge Henry
Keeler opened with a statement of the
j points involved. The non-federal ctiarac
er of the suit was presented as an argu
ment for its beins remanded to the Dis
trict Court. He sustained aia claim with
rather exhaustive references.
Civil cases alone, he maintained, could
be removed, and this case was of a crimi
nal character. The suit was brought, he
as«ert d, by authority of the State and
under a statute which imposed a penalty
in the name of the State.
Judge Horton opened his arguments for
the Santa Fe, but he had only spoken a
few minutes when adjournment was taken
until to-morrow morning.
DEPEW'S PATRIOTIC TALK.
Interesting Anniversary Exercises of the
Vermont Society, Sons of the Rev
olution.
MONTPELIER, Vt, Nov. 23.-The an
niversary exercises of the Vermont So
ciety, Sons of the Revolution, were held
in Armory Hall this afternoon, the chief
feature being an oration by Chauncey M.
Depew. At the armory fully 3000 people
assembled, including delegations from
Bu Hngton, Rutland, St. Albans and other
places.
The hall was divided into sections and
the guests were seated by a detail of
twenty-four members ol the Vermont Na
tional Guard acting as ushers. The exer
cises opened with prryer. Ex-Governor
Dillingham then, after a felicitious ad
dress, introduced Mr. Depew. Mr. Depew
devoted the major portion of his remarks
to a sketch of colonial history of the
Green Mountain State, its part in the rev
olutionary war with the glorious incidents
like Bennington, Ticonderoga and Crown
Point until in 1791, when Vermont added
another star to the flag of the Union.
Then after an eloquent extolement of the
principles of our Government and the
duties of patriotic societies to educate the
people, he said:
"The shifting standard of value is not
American. A paternal government is not
American. Any effort to array the people
into classes, when employers and em
ployes are constantly changing places, is
not American. An assault upon ths im
portance of the judiciary is not American.
American liberty is the liberty of law and
order."
He concluded:
"Gentlemen, let us learn and teach the
principles upon which our Government
has grown to its great and beneficial prD
portions; let us enforce the lesson that
American liberty is the. preservation of
American opportunity for a man to rise
above the condition in which he was
born, and win honors from his fellowmen
and protection from his country, the re
sults which have come to him by his tal
ents, his industry, his wisdom, his pru
dence, his thrift and his good citizenship."
A reception was given Mr. Depew after
the exercises.
Cool Theft «/ Watnonds.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Nov. 23.— A man
wearing a mackintosh entered Ciemens
Oskamp's jewelry-store at 417 Vine street
at noon to-day and while the clerks were
busy he slipped behind tbe showcase, took
a tray of diamonds valued at $5000 and
coolly walked out. Wnen the robbery was
discovered a search was made. The thief
was traced to the We-tern Cnion build
ing. He went up the stairway to the third
floor, wrapped the tray in his rubber coat
and hid the bundle under a stationary
washstand. He then left by way of the
elevator. Tne diamonds were found and
returned to the owner.
Under Official Surveillance.
LEBANON, Pa, Nov. 23. — John H.
Hoffer, cashier of the First National Bank
of Lebanon, is under official surveillance.
It is alleged that he is short in his ac
counts over $100,000. The shortage was
discovered by Bank Examiner Win
cnester. Hoffer when confronted with
the charge said that he had speculated
and lost the bank's cash surplus of over
$80,000. Hoffer, it is said, speculated in
tne Sodoc mine in Colorado, but this is
not believed. Hoffer's speculations cov
ered a period of six years.
The Polish Church Trouble.
BAY CITY, Mich., Nov, 23.— The Mayor
has called a meeting of the authorities to
determine the best course to pursue in
regard to the St. Stanislaus Polish Church
trouble. Father Bogacni managed to
elude the sentinels and entered the par
sonage this afternoon. Shortly afterward
a mob of 300 gathered and began pound
ing on the door 3of the residence with
clubs and hammers, demanding admis
sion. Only two officers are on duty in
side, but Father Bogacki is cool and un
concerned.
Fora Billiard Match.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Nov. 23.— Edward
McLaughlin, champion billiardist of
Pennsylvania, and W. A. Spinks, cham
pion of the Pacific Coast, have signed an
agreement for a match game at fourteen
inch bulk-line billiards, anchor barred,
for 2500 points, 500 points to be made each
night for five nights. The match will be
gin December 7 and will be played at
Slosson's new academy.
Ttrice't Son Honored.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 23.— A Cam
bridge (Ma-3.) special says: Senator
Brice's son was to-day elected first editor
of the Advocate from the class of ! 99. His
literary and musical successes are marked.
STEW to-pat:
•-J===^ BORDEN'S f
,|^|l|^ PEERLESS
|&§g2li(Qg Evaporated
BmSl^f CREAM I
l^pl^fEVAPOß^ I Does not spoil \
L^*««i2RßA>*^J PREPARED. BY X
: :^^^^£^g^^r New York Condensed \
-^~** . . - Milk Co. -
#^^***^^^» i»i ¥ i *^**f*^^*f)
flllilill^llli^fflS;
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
St^t- used l them for over tor years to cure > »
•*s£f Ll ver. Wea* Stomach, simple* and
Crossiaii'sSiiscirislixS
«i?ho . tbl 2 re t m «ly ; persona can cure themselvei
without the ; least exposure, change of • diet, of
ctungu in ; application to business. 1 The modiciu*
contains nothing thai U : o* iho least , injury to "»*
+**■ your oj;u«suit tot is.' #i »
NEW TO-DAY.
B. & H. OIL if EATERS
£} Are known to be
the best made—
easily cared : for,
*S^pt|||* satisfactory, pos-
, j L'Ljl itively no smoke
i^^^p or smell. There's
, jsjplljllll comfort and econ-
l^^^^p^ omy In every cent
'^^^^^ costs. There is
fa &SjjfSL^ /g) do other stove
V^ili^W/ the "same as."
\^Wt/ The "B. & H."
ISS h£k can only be had
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below SVsw't.
WANGENHfcIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
i>.fa.U>W ' MONTGOMERY
LEVIN BROS)
Leading Grocers
Special Forrjjis Weeß.
MAMS.
Our Choice Eastern Sugar-cured 11 c TV,
BUTTER.
Best Firkin Butter. JBOc Pound
Creamery squares. .40c 3 for 750
HOLIDAY SPECIALS. fv;
< : lace Lemon, Citron, Orange Peel 15c pound
Helnz's Mincemeat 2 pounds 'Jso
Cartoon Clean 'd Currants '. 10c pound
Cartoon Sultana Seedless Raisins.. 2 pounds 25c
Seed ess Haiains. 3% pounds 25c
Best Zante Currants 3^ pounds 25c
Cape cod 1 ranberrles 100 quart
Boiled cider, quart, bottle ...25c
Moil's New York Sweet Cider 50c gallon
New Jersey- Sweet Apple Cider. .lsc quart bottle
Large, Loose Raisins 5c pound
New Mixed Nuts, soft shells .....2 pounds 25c
IMPORTED ANCHOVIES.
Finest Dellcatesse Anchovies, from AC Vli-
Norway .„. 40C • >- I ''
SWEET SUGAR CORN.
Crystal Wave, Best Sweet Sugar 0 nana OFC«
corn .Dozen 90c ** Cans ZOC
BLUE LAKE STRING BEANS.
Large. Fat, S nogless: best stock In 1A n nan
California -LUO Can
COFFEE.
Best Java and Mocha, ground or ol ll. a <M
roast Pound 30c °2 ID3 vi.
Levin Bros.' Extra Blend, ground, c lk a 41
regular 25c *> * D 3 V-L
WHISKY AND BRANDY.
Kentucky Bourbon or Rye (5 years *.-) rrrv
old), regular S3 50 gallon... vA'OKt
Best Cooking Brauay, gallon 82.35
Best California Brandy, quart bottle .750
SWEET WINES.
Pearl Vineyard (Napa , Connty)
Sherry, Port. Angelica, Madeira,
Toicay, Muscatel and Malaga, Q V.<-wf *1
regular 60c ° Doc **-
Port and- Sherry, regular ?l 50 gallon. 9sc gallon
PINEAPPLE, SLICED. ir - n n
C. Favre's 2-pound cans AOC Can
TEAS, Regular 50c.
English Breakfast, Formosa, Oo'ong,
Coy ion, Uncolored Japan, Gunpow- €? TU-, d>-f
der and Family Mixed « IDS $1
LUCCA OIL.
Surand Lucca Oil, for salads and may on- (±f\ n
naise, regular 90c ...Gallon Can Owl*
Telephone South 398.
Send for Thanksgiving Catalogue.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
AND JL34 SIXTH STREET.
We ship free of charge within 100 miles.
Mall Orders receive prompt attention.
Jt FINE TAILORING
£Mm PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
fell&S WORKMANSHIP,
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP,
AT MODERATE PRICES, 60 TO
M JOE POHEIM
■ Efp The Tailor.
I All Woo! Suits to &I r . (tnr
Order from $10 to $ZD
I Fine Worsted and Pique * nA , *».
-Q^ Suits to Order from $20 to $25
201 and 203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush,
New Store, 844 and 846 Market St.,
1110 and 1112 Market St. San Franda*
LARGEST STOCK.
ATEST VARIETIES.
OWEST PRICES.
Furniture,
Carpets,
Beddings.
2 Acres of Floor Space Packed.
Maple Bed 5et5......... 827.50 and up
Mahogany Parlor Suits 535.00 and up
Stoves and Ranges ....S 7.50 and up
Oil Stoves 8 2.50 and up
Heating Stoves ..........8 4.00 and up
Carpets, per yard ....i, 45c and up
Linoleums, per yard.......... 35c and up
Mattings, per yard 10c and up
Blankets, Comforters, Lace Certains.
CASH OR EASY TIME PAYMENTS.
J. NOON AN,
i^|oSl-^#i^
■;- Telephone Jessie 41. Ope° Even'"* 9 - _
FINE CARPETINGS, tcdv
ELEGANT UPHOLSTERY,
v " RICHJURNITURE!
We are now disposing of our
stock of Fine Furniture, Carpet-
r Q g and Upholstery Goods at
neatly reduced prices to make - '
; 0 m for an entire new line.
• Apents for John Crossley & Boa's Eng.
ish Carpeting*. ,
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.,
UPHOLSTERY COMPANY,
i^Ol TO 1307 MARKET SIREET.
13UJ *« coi^ Nß ft NINTH. " && »»