VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 158.
MAJOR McKINLEY'S
SWEEPING VICTORY,
Bryanites Loth to Admit
Their Overwhelming
Defeat.
NOW THE BOURBONS CRY
« FRAUD. "
But the Republican Landslides
Cannot Be Cheeked by
Such Talk.
ANARCHISM MOST COMPLETELY
SNOWED UNDER.
Without Carrying Any of the States Regarded as
Doubtful the Standard-Bearer of Protection
and Prosperity Is Elected Beyond the
Shadow of a Doubt.
NEW YORK, K. T , Nov. Returns
receive:! to-day and to-night by th«
United Associated Presses reduce the
doubtful States to two — • entucky - and
South Dakota. Washington, Wyoming 1 ,
Kamai and Nebraska of the ■ States
'which were in doubt last night are
transferred to the Jtryuu column, and
Delaware, - <>r«*jc«>ii unil JTntliana . are ;
placeft in .the McKinley column. The
vote in Kentucky is close, bat advices
indicate that the State ■is probably Ite
pub lean by a very small plurality.
The .latest returns , indicate that the
electoral vote of the States will be cast
as follows:
States. b ?
I i
Alabama. 11
Arkansas ...... . &
California 9
Colorado ~ 4
Connecticut 6
Delaware ..- " 3 ......
Florida .' 4
Georgta... 13
Idaho 3
Illinos. -34
Indiana. 15
lowa 18
Kansas : 10
Kentucky , ......
Louisiana , 8
ilaine. „ 6
Maryland 8 ..;...
Massachusetts ... 1& ......
Michigan.. :. 14
Minnesota 9
Mississippi......... 9
Missouri a ....:..... 17
Montana.....?. 8
Nebraska- 8
>eva<ia .... 3
>ew Hainpsnire 4 .
New Jersey , 10 ......
Sew yore ..-. 36
North Carolina. •.. ...... " li
North Dakota •. 3
Ohio 23 ...]..
Oregon. 4|. '....'.
Pennsylvania 32
Khode Island 4
Bomb Carolina o
South Dakota
T^-nne-see .... *12
Texas ...!.! 15
Utah ";;;; 3
Vermont 4
Virginia , ....'.. "12
Washington...; 4
West Virginia ; h
Wisconsin.:. \'±
Wyoming ""3
; Totals ..1 260 170
Necessary to a choice 324.
States.
NO CAUSE FOR ALARM.
Here Are Figures to Show McKln-
ley Has Plenty of Votes.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 4 — The following
signed statement was issued from Repub
lican National headquarters to-night:
"Considering the wild rumors which are
being circulated throughout the country
we deem it proper and advisable to state
the result of the election as indicated by
the returns and continued by telegrams to
this office from the chairmen of ; the sev
eral State committees and members of the
National committee in "the several States.
McKinley has carried beyond a doubt a
sufficient number of States so that his vote
in the electoral college _ will not be le-s
than 264. These States are the following
with the electoral vote of each' Stat e:
California 8 New York 36
Connecticut.." . 6 North Dakota. 3
Delaware 3 Ohio ......23
Illinois. 24 Oregon.... ... 4
Indiana 1 5 i Pennsylvania 32 ;
lowa..' M Khode Island . 4
Maine..;. ..'... '. 6 South Dakota ,4
Maryland...... 8 1 Vermont 4
Massachusetts 15 West Virginia t;
Michigan 14 Wisconsin 12
Minnef0ta.. ............ 4 .
.New Hampshire..:.. .4 T0ta1... ...... .....264
New Jersey...'.. 10
'In addition to these the States of Ken
tucky, North Carolina' and Wyoming are
" in doubt, with; the chanc s 1 about even in
the three States,' although the Republicans
. in Kentucky claim v that the State will
4 give its electoral vote to McKinley by a
I majority of not less than 3000.
"It is proper to give the basis of the
I claims in the disputed : States. Advices
late this evening from California, from a
member of the National Committee in
San Francisco, place the majority in r that
State at 8000. This is confirmed by press
reports. Telegrams from Indiana, from
the chairman of the State Republican ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
/ Central Committee and the member of tbe
I National Committee, show that the State
has given not less than 25,000, and prob
ably over 30,000 for McKinley, and that
the Republicans have elected all the meni
| bers of Congress, and carried tbe Le*is-
I lature by a majority ot 40 on joint ballot.
"Telegrams from North and South Da-
I kota which have been contirmea by the
I press reports received place the majority
■ in these States at a little more than 5000
in North Dakota and about 3500 in South
Dakota. In North Dakota we have elected
the entire State ticket and carried the
Legislature. In South Dakota the Legis
lature is in doubt There is no possible
foundation for the report being circulated
that Mr. Bryan has carried many of the
States placed in the sure column for Mc-
Kinley. Henry G. Payne."
A late telegram from Chairman Gowdy
of toe Indiana Republican Committee
stated: "Conservative estimates give Me-
Kiuley 20,000 majority in Indiana. Ten
Congressmen sure; hope for eleven, with
both branches of the Legislature Repub
lican."
A telegram to headquarters stated
that chances in Wyoming were about
even. Two remote counties were unheard
from; also large precincts in other coun
ties. From all precincts heard from so
far there is a small majority for McKin
ley.
HAS A SAFE MAJORITY.
The "Sun" Says There Is No Doubt
About McKinley's Election.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 4.— The Sun
will say ro-morrow that later returns do
not greatly alter* its figures heretofore
given. McKinley is elected by a large
plurality in the electoral college, havinc
287 votes. There are several close States,
most of which the Sun gives to Bryan, but
it adds that if all the close States are given
to Bryan, McKinley will still have a safe
margin. The new House of Representa
tives will stand 232 Republicans, 105 Demo
crats, 3 cold Democrats and 17 Populists.
New York State's plurality for McKinley
is 271,662. _
CARRIES KENTUCKY.
McKinley Has at Least One Thou
sand Majority There.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 4.— The fol
lowing bulletin was issued by Chairman
Roberts to-night at 11 o'clock:
The Republican State Committee
claims Kentucky by 1000 majority. It
wired its county chairmen to-day for com
plete corrected footings by counties and
received returns from all but five counties
in the mountain section. The*e unofficial
returns were classified by districts with
tbia result:
The Democrats will go to the Eleventh
District, the Republican Gibraltar, with
13.600 majority in their favor. This-dis
trict gave Governor Bradley a little over
12,000 majority last year and has been
counted on all along for 15,000 this year.
Returns from over naif the counties of
the district already assures considerably
over 14,000 Republican majority, upon
which basis the committee is justified in
claiming the State by approximately
1000 majority.
Tbe official count will be made Thurs
day and Friday. The sudden transfer of
Kentucky from the sure McKiniey to the
doubtful column early this morning was
caused by a simultaneous report from a
tier of counties in the west end of the
State, where the Populists and free silver
Democrats have full sway, which gave
surprisingly large Democratic majorities.
One of these countie , Graves, from which
no satisfactory report could be secured last
night, came to band late this afternoon
with 305G majority for Bryan, a majority
486 greater than the total combined vote of
tbe Democrats and the Popuiists last year.
All tbe important Democratic gains were
made in the four Congressional districts
south and west of Louisville, where nine
tenths of the people of Kentucky are cen
tered.
The fusion of Populists with Silver Dem
SAIST FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
ocrats was perfect and the latter captured
the entire four Congressional seats in ex
change for two places on the electoral
ticket.
Among the Republicans who went
down in the Populist wreck were Con
gressman Hunter, who manaee I las
year's campaign for Governor Bradley,
and Congressman Lewis, two of the ablest
campaigners in Kentucky politics. In
Louisville and Lexington and in the Fifth,
Se-entb, Eighth and Eleventh districts
the Republicans made brilliant gains, but
they were almost wiped out by the Dem
ocratic-Populist fusion in Western Ken
tucky. Sam J. Roberts, Chairman.
"MAY GOD SPEED YOU."
Congratulatory Telegrams Show
ered Upon President-Elect
McKinley.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 4.— Among the
thousands of congratulatory telegrams
received by Major McKmley were the fol
lowing:
Marcus Braun, New York, editor Hungarian-
American— ln the name of the Hungarian-
American citizens I send turee hearty cheers
to our I'resident-elect.
Hon. G. W. Gowdy, Indianapolis— lndiana
30,000 Republican; eleven Conures^men. tw o
iv doubt; both branches of the Legislature
sate.
Hon. John P. Elkins, Philadelphia, chair
man of the Republican State Committee —
Pennsylvania congrHtu'.ates you as the next
President, with 300,000 plurality.
Hon. John Russell Young, Philadelphia—
Affection and proud congratulations upon
your stupendous victory. Ihe city in revelry
and triumph.
Hon. ("buries Kiniiey, Columbus, Ohio, Sec
retary of State-elect— Accept congratulations
on your triumphat election.
H. Wapner, Cincinnati, commander Noyes
G. A. R. Post— Your comrades of this city join
me in congratulations.
Deacon WUliam A. Breed, Boston— The Clar
endon-street Baptist Church in service this
morning pray the peace of God and the power
of the Gospel of Jesus Christ be your abiding
strength and everlasting portion.
Joseph BrUcker, editor Illinois Staats Zei
tung. Chicago— My heartiest congratulations
on the glorious victory.
Max Burheim, editor Freie Presse, Cincin
nati—l heartily congratulate you on the great
victory just achieved. The people of the
United States have voted for honesty and for
protection and for you, our great leader. Sil
ver craze. National dishonesty and anarchy
are buried forever. Your administration will
be a blessing to our beloved country. Mas
tied speed you.
Hon. Tnomas F. Carter, ex-chairman Repub
lican National Committee, Helena, Mont.— Ac
cept my sincere congratulations upon your
splendid tna well-deserved victory.
St. Louis Star, St. Louis, Mo.— The St. Louis
Star tenders you its hearty corigratulaiions
and unites with the country at large in thanks
giving for this splendid triumph.
Hon. John M. Thurston, Senator from Ne
braska, Omaha — 1 congratulate you on your
election as President of a Nation whose
patriotic people stand for law and order, hon
est/money, protection and prosperity. Praise
God. Hallelujah! Amen.
Major McKinley bad a good rest this
afternoon and spent the early part of the
evening in his library, surrounded by a
A COLD DAY FOR THE WILLIE BOYS.
group of friends and newspaper men. He
was visited by three delegations to-day.
They came from Minerva, Carrollton
and Cleveland in this State. The Cleve
land delegation included the neatly uni
formed Republican club of tbe Thirty
ninth Ward. Major McKinley made no
speeches, but appeared for a short time on
the porch and bowed to his visitors.
There were a great many callers in
small groups, who came into the house
and congratulated Mr. McKinley.
Major McKinley has received all of his
news to-day from the bulletins of the
United Associated Presses, save some dis
patched which came over his private wire.
The election news service of the United
Assoc ated Presses has been highly appre
ciated by Major McKinley and h.s Canton
friends, who assert that lor accuracy and
comprehensiveness it has not been
equaled.
Canton was thrown into a state of
gloomy excitement this afternoon by the
publication of a bulletin issued by the
Chicago Associated Press, stating that
only 220 electoral votes were certain for
McKinley.
There was a feeling of panic for a time
and Major McKinley's telephone was kept
busy answering the questions of anxious
inquirers. This same bulletin was printed
in many of the smaller Ohio cities and
has caused no end of annoyance.
Telegrams ot congratulation are still
pouring in. Thomas B. Reed telegraphed
to Major McKinley from San Francisco:
"Coneratulations on the success of the
Union. California also seern-j safe."
Mayor Strong of New York wired : "The
citizens of New York would be delighted
to give you a reception in the Governor's
room in tne City Hall at as early a day as
possible, and 1 offer you and your cood
wile the hospitality of my home during
your stay in this city."
Other telegrams were receiyed.
IN DISPUTED STATES.
Messages of All Kinds That Do Not
Change the Result.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 4.— Telegrams re
ceived this afternoon by acting Chairman
Payne of the Republican National Com
mittee from the disputed States gave the
committee assurance to claim 277 electoral
votes sure for McKinley. The estimates
dent by State chairmen were as follows:
South Dakota 3500, Kentucky 5000, West
Virginia 14,000, Oregon 3500, California
6000 to 9000. Mr. Payne characterized as
buncombe the claim of Indiana Democrats
that the State had given 5000 majority for
Bryan. Mr. Payne admitted the Repub
licans would lose a Senator in Washing
ton.
At the Democratic National headquar
ters the messages received from State
chairmen and others during the afternoon
were more encouraging than at any time
since tbe returns bs^an to come in. A
dispatch from Parkersburß, W. Va., read :
"I have no fear about West Virginia."
State Chairman Martin of Indiana wired
that returns from tbe rural districts of
that State showed large net Democratic
gains over 1892.
The North Dakota chairman sent word
thai the State had probably gone for
Bryan by 2000.
National Committeeman Powers of
Utah telegraphed that the Democratic
majority in Utah had increased to 40,000.
Word came from the Pacific Coast that
1553 precincts in California, including San
Francisco, cave McKinley 111,288 and
Bryan 107,829.
"Our people say Kentucky is all right,"
was the answer of Chairman Jones to re
peated inquiries as to the foundation of
the Republican claim that the State had
gone for McKinley.
The "Independent Gold Standard De
mocracy," the official title of the Palmer
and Buckner party in this State, ha 3 failed
to poll its 2 per cent of the total vote in
Illinois. In consequence it falls below the
limit fixed by law and can never under
I its present organization take part in any
State or municipal elections. This was
one of the main objects of the leaders in
this city and Stale in making such an
aggressive fight and putting up local, Con
gressional and State tickets. It is believed
in political circles that the gold Demo
crats will fuse with Republicans in future
elections.
Colonel Perry S. Heath of the Republi
can National headquarters staff, com
menting on the result of the legislative
elections in the States where new Sena
tors would probably be Republicans, said
to a reporter for the United Associated
Presses :
'•We will have a sound-money majority
in the lower house of Congress beyond
cavil or doubt, to support McKinley.
There will be a good, clean majority of
sound-money Senators, including sound
money Democrats, who will support the
Republicans iv slopping any rial money
money or similar legislation. There will
only be a few silver Republican Senators
who will bo against the administration on
tariff legislation. We will also have a ma
jority for a McKinley tariff bill, although
it may be probable that we will not have
a Republican sound-money majority in
the Senate. There will probably be no at
tempt to re-enact tha McKinley tariff of
1890. I doubt if such silver Senators as
Pettigrew, Teller and Dubois would vote
against the Republican party on a tariff
measure.. Senator Wiison of' Washington
told me when here recently lhat the Re
publicans might lose the State for gold,
but would elect enough protection and sil
ver members of the Legislature to guar
antee a successor to Senator Squire who
would be a McKinley tariff supporter, ai-.
though for silver."
"FRAUD" IS THE CRY.
Disgruntled DamocratsSay Returns
Are Being Held Back.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 4.— Anxiety and
determination and a hostile feeling toward
their political opponents pervaded the
campaign headquarters of the Democratic
party all day, and especially to-night
when tbe rank and file in Chicago were
aroused to make a street demonstration.
Chnirman Jones, his fellow-members of
the National committee, and every sub
ordinate remaining on duty at the Audi
torium annex, not only cried fraud all day,
but toward evening when fuller returns
from the Western States were waited for
in vain they united in seriously claiming
the election of William J. Bryan. In the
absence of official news from county chair
men Senator Jones had to rely on infor
mation from private sources.
To-night he claimed as certain for
Bryan 210 electoral votes, and said only
one State — Michigan or Indiana — was
needed to make tne silver Democracy tri
umphant. The Republican claim of 40,
-000 majority in Indiana had been reduced
by Executive Committeeman Dnrbin to
30,000, and the Democratic claim was that
Indiana would show a majority of 5000
for Bryan. On the Michigan question
Secretary Alward ot the Republican State
Committee wired that McKinley's ma
jority would reach 50,000 and ten out of
twelve Republican Congressmen were
elected, Linton and Mimes being de
feated.
Against tbi3 claim Chairman Campau
of tbe Democratic National Commute c
made this assertion: "Gross frauds have
been perpetrated in the upper peninsula
of Michigan. Take Houghton County t»s
an example. It gave 715 majority for
Harrison. The Republicans claim a ma
jority there of 4100. It is absurd. With a
fair count we will show Michigan has
gone for Bryan by a small majority.
"The returns are being held back for
some reason, and it seems to be for pur
poses of manipulation. We suspect an
attempt to repeat the crime of 1876, but
we are on guard now and the people will
not allow it to be perpetrated."
Senator Jone3 considered the situation
serious enough from a Democratic point
of view to call for the immediate attend
ance of absent National committeemen
with whom he bas advised during the
campaign. He sent a telegram to Gov
ernor Stone at Jefferson City, Mo., asking
him to come at once to Chicago. The
Senator was closeted with Governor Alt
geld to-night for some time. The Gov
ernor denounced the alleged manipula
| tion of returns as an outrage and said it
should be protested asainst. Chairman
| Jones said to a reporter for the United
j Associated Press:
"I claimed before the election every one
of the Southern States, which give 156
votes. I also claimed all the States west
of the Missouri River, which give 61 elec
toral votes, making a total of 217. I have
hoped that Michigan, Indiana and Min
nesota would co for Mr. Bryan. I believe
we have carried every Southern and every
Western State heretofore counted on (not
including Delaware). This makes a total
pf 209 votes. One vote we have in Dela
ware and probably all three, which leaves
Continued on Second Page.
The New Champagne Vintage.
A remarkable vintage, eliciting universal
admiration, now being snipped to this coun
try, i« G. H. Muinm's Extra Dry. Try It. •
**PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COMPLEXION
OF CONGRESS
Republicans Will Have a
Good Majority in the
House.
POPOCRATS GET THIRTY
SEATS.
Prospsct That McKinley Will
Have a Chance to Enact
Re'orms.
ONE SOUND-MONEY DEMOCRAT
ON THE LIST.
Representatives Who Will Aid tin
Next President in Restoring
Prosperity.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 4.— Returns
of the vote for Congressmen are Btill lack
ing from a number of districts, and an ex
act list of tne members of the House of
Representatives in the Fifty-fifth Congress
cannot b^ given. Advices aaid reports
received by the United Associated Presses
up to midnight indicate the election of
the following delegations from the several
S:ates. There are in the list 212 Republi
cans, 1 sound-money Democrat, 114 Dem
ocrats and 30 Populists, silver Republicans
and fusionists. By States the division be
tween the parties is:
Alabama— Democrats 7, Populists 2.
Arkansas — Democrats 6.
California— Republicans 3; fusion 2,
doubtful 2.
Colorado— Fusion 1, Populist L
Connecticut — Republicans 4.
Delaware — Democrat 1.
Florida — Democrats 2-
Georgia — Democrats 11.
Idaho— Fusion 1.
Illinois— Republicans 19, Democrats 2,
Fusion 1.
Indiana— Republicans 10, Democrats 1,
Fusion 2.
lowa— Republicans 11-
Kansas — Republicans 1, Democrats 3,
Fusion 3.
Kentucky — Republicans 4, Democrats 6,
Fusion 1.
Louisiana — Democrats 6.
Maine — Republicans 4.
Maryland — Repu oilcans 6.
Massachusetts — Republicans 12, Demo
crats 1.
Michigan— Republicans 10, Democrats 1,
Fusion 1.
Minnesota — Republicans 1.
Mississippi — Democrats 7.
Missouri— Republicans 3, Democrats 11,
Fusion 1.
Montana — Silver-Republicans 1 (Hart
man).
Nebraska — Republicans 1, Fusion 5.
Nevada — Silver-iteDiiblican 1.
New Hampshire — Republicans 2.
New Jersey— Republicans 8.
New York — Republicans 29, Democrats 5.
North Carolina — Republicans 4, Demo
crats 1, Populists 4.
North Dakota — Republicans 1.
Ohio— Republicans 19, Democrat 1,
Fusion 1.
Oregon— Republicans 2.
Pennsylvania — Republicans 27, Demo
crats 2, sound money Democrat 1.
Rhode Island — Republicans 2.
South Carolina— Democrats 7.
South Dakota — Republicans 2.
Tennessee — Republicans 2, Democrats 8.
Texas— Republicans 1, Democrats 12.
Utah — Democrat 1.
Vermont — Republicans 2.
Virginia — Republicans 2. Democrats 8.
Washington — Democrats 2.
West Virginia — Republicans 4.
Wisconsin — Republicans 10.
Wyoming — Democrat 1.
FIGURES ON CONGRESS.
Smith Says There Will Be a Safe
Sound-Money Majority.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 4.— Joseph ±».
Smith, who is one of Major McKinley'a
closest political friends and who has been
a member of the McKinley household
during the campaign, has been doing
some figuring on the Senate. He says
that from the best information at hand at
1 o'clock to-day it appears that the Senate
of the United States after March 4 next
will consist of 49 sound-money Republi
cans and Democrats and 41 silver Demo
crats and Republicans. This grouping
will not apply to the tariff and some
other questions and does not indicate the
number of supporters that Major McKin
iey's administration will have on these
issues. A number of sound-money Demo
crats will oppose the Republican tariff
policy, and probably three of the silver
Republicans will be in harmony with it.
HAVE OVER TWO HUNDRED.
Babcock Says the Republicans Will
Rule the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 4.—Chair
man Babcock says that he has complete
returns from 193 Congressional districtsc ts
that have elected Republicans. There are
135 districts that have elected Democrats
or Populists and 23 districts in which the
returns are incomplete. These may all
be classed as doubtful, and with the pros
pect that the Republicans will secure at
least one-half of them, which would make
a total Republican niemb.rship in the
next Congress of 207. It is safe to say, he
adds, that under no circumstances would
the membership fall belov. 200.
ARKANSAS.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Nov. 4.— Returns
from yesterday's election indicate that
Bryan's majority in this State will not ex
ceed 35,000. Congressman Terry ran 300
ahead of Bryan in this, city. All tbe
Democratic candidates for Congress are
elected by increased majorities. They are
as follows: First District, P. D. McCul2
lough; Second, John S. Little; Third, T.
C. Mcßao; Fourth, W. L. Terry; Fifth.
H. A. Dinsmore; Sixth, S. Brunridge Jr.
COLORADO.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 3.— There is no
change in the figures given out last night
from Colorado, except that the election of
Governor is in doubt. It will be close, and
an official count will be necessary. It is
thought Democraisand silver Republicans
claim that their candidate is elected.
CONNECTICUT.
HARTFORD. Cox.v, Nov. 4.— Revised
returns (unofficial) from every town in the
State show that McKinley's plurality is
54,142. The Republican majority on joint
ballot in the Legislature will be 214. Cook
for Governor has a plurality of 44.340 and
a majority of 52.302 over Senator Sargent,
silver Democrat. Bryan carries only three
of IGS towns in the State.
INDIANA.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., Nov. 4.— lt has
been a day of uncertainty and anxiety in
Indiana. Tiiere was in the late returns
last night and in those up to noon to-day
a steady decline in the percentage of Re
publican gains as additional precincts
were reported that led tne Democratic
State Coniruitlee and the Democratic
newspapers to claim the State. The bul
letin boards have bee;: surrounded all day
with vast crowds of j*ople making the
streets impassable. They stood in the
rain an i cheered the slightest indication
of anything favorable to their side of the
case in Indiana, but they had no patience
for returns from other State?, apparently
beir.tr convinced that it all depended upon
Indiana.
The returns to the Democratic State
Committee are very meager, but do not
differ materially lrom the Republican re
turns from the same counties. There are
ninety-two counties in the State. Com
plete returns from sixty-two of these
counties, with others estimated from very
nearly complete returns, favor McKinley
by 21,908. Returns entire cannot change
these figures more than 1000 at most.
These returns for the most part come in
the shape of pluralities by counties and
the vote cannot be given until the official
count is made to-morrow.
The Republicans have carried both
branches of the Legislature and have a
majority of thirty-two on joint ballot,
thus assuring the election of a Republican
to succeed Senator Voorhees. They have
elected nine Congressmen and the fusion
ists have elected one silver Republican
and three Democrats. The following have
been elected: James A. Hemenway R.,
W. R. Meyers D.. W. T. Zener D.. W. S.
Holman D.. George W. Fans R., Henry U.
Johnson R., Jesse Overstreet R., Charles
L. Henry R., Joseph B. Cheadle S. R., E.
D. Crurnpacker R., Geores W. Steele
R., W r F. Robinson R., W. A. Royse R.
At 10 o'clock to-night Chairman Martin
of the Democratic State Committee con
cedes the State to McKinley by 23,000, but
claimed the election of five Congressmen,
Miers in tiie Second District, Zenor in the
Third, Holman in the Fourth, Cheadle in
the Ninth and Robinson in the Twelfth.
The Republicans concede all these but
Cheadle, claiming the election of Landis
by 500.
IOWA.
DES MOINES, lowa, Nov. 4.— The re
turns from lowa are not yet complete, but
indicate that the National Republican
ticket has carried the State by not less
than 7'J,000, and possibly 80,000. plurality
over the fused Democrats and Populists-
Palmer and Buckner will receive not over
4000 votes. Tne sound-money Democratic
committee claims that from 40,000 to
50,000 Democrats voted for McKinley.
AdoiU a quarter of the fusion vote is cast
by the Populists.
The Republican State ticket, headed by
Secretory of State and including Auditor,
Treasurer, Supreme Judge, Attorney-
General nnd Railroad Commissioner, is
elected by about the same figure as the
National ticket. The fusion extended to
State and Congressional tickets.
The Republicans have elected the entire
eleven Congressmen by the following plu
ralities: First District, S. If. Clark, 4500;
Second, George M. Curtiss, 3500; Third, D.
B. Henderson, 9000; Fourth, Thomas Up
rte^raff, 8000; Fifth, R. G. Cousins, 9000;
Sixth, John F. Lacey. 200; Seventh, J. A.
T.Hull, 8500; Eighth, W. P. Hepburn,
1500; Ninth, A. L. Hager, 4000; Tenth,
J. P. Dolliver, 14,000; Eleventh, George G.
Perkins. 12,000:
KANSAS.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 4.— Bryan and
Sewall have carried Kansas by a small
plurality, but the State ticket is in doubt.
The Populists have elected Ridgley to
Congress in the Third District, Vincent in
the Fourth, McCormick in the Sixth ana
Simpson in the Seventh. They claim the
Congressman at large. The Republicans
have elected Brodenck to Congress in the
First District, Harris in the Second ana
Curtis in t.e Fourth. They also claim
the Congressman at large. The Legisla
ture is in doubt. Both the Republicans
and Populists rluim it.
MICHIGAN.
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. 4.— The late re
turns from the State continue to show
R-publican tains over the vote of 1892.
The leaders of the Republican party in the
upper peninsula claim that McKinley's
plurality in that section will reach ?0,000,
and if the official figure:, bear out their
claim the Republicans have carried the
State on the National ticket by nearly
60.000 plurality.
Mayor Pingree of Detroit R., candidate
for Governor, has carried the State by
iully 60,000, and runs more than 10,000
ahead of his ticket.
The Legislature is overwhelmingly Re
publican, although ihe fusionists have
elected twenty-two Representatives and
five Senators. Two years ago John Dono
van of Barr was the only anti-ReDublican
who was elected in either branch.
The Republicans have carried ten out of
the twelve Congressional districts. A. M.
Todd (silver Democrat) is elected in the
Third District by a small plurality and
F. A. Brucker (silver Democrat) has de
feated W. S. Linton (R.) by about 10U0
plurality.
The Republicans have elected the fol
lowing Congressmen: First District, J. B.
Corless; Second, George Spalding; Fourtn,
N. L. Hamilton; Filth, William Alden
Smkh; Sixth, S. W. Smith: Seventh,
Horace G. Snover; Ninth, Rosweli P.
Bishop; Tenth, R. O. Crump; Eleventh,
W. S. Me-ick; Twelfth, T. C. Sheldon.
The Republican pluralities for Congress
men range from 1000 for Crump to 12,000
for Sheldon.
MINNESOTA.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 4.— Returns are
sufficiently complete lor Minnesota this
evening to indicate clearly how the State
has gone. McKinley has a plurality of
perhaps a little more than 30,000, having
carried St. Paul by 4400 and Minneapolis
by 6300. Ti.e Republicans also eiect all
of their State ticket. It was thoupht for a
while this afternoon that Clough (R.) was
defeated for Governor, but returns re
ceived up to 9 p. m. show that he has
defeated Lind by a plurality of from 5000
to 10,000. All the rest of the ticket is
elected by 20,000. The Republicans also
get all of the seven Congressmen. Towne,
the silver leader, who made the race in
the Sixth District, is apparently defeated
by less than 500. In the Seventh District
Lomar (Pop.) is defeated by Eddy (R.) by
over 2500. The Legislature is overwdelm
ingly Republican, that party having car
ried at least eighty- live of the 114 districts.
NEBRASKA.
LINCOLN, Nkbb, Nov. 4.— Returns by
counties, which began coming in to-day,
merely served to emphasize what was ap
parent early this morning — that Drvan and
the entire fusion Stute ticket have carried
in Nebraska. Tho plurality will not be
sweeping, but each belated precinct
which comes in seems to make more de
cisive the victory. Republicans have not
yet ceased hoping, and Chairman Post
will not concede defeat, but it will take a
landslide in all tho remote quarters of the
State to change the tide. The Republican
defection seems to have been largest in
the cities and towns, where heretofore has
been their strength. Best estimates place
the majority for Bryan in the State at
7000. Holcomb, fusion, for Governor,
seems to be running slightly ahead of
the electoral ticket. Of the six Congres
sional districts the First is undoubtedly
Republican by a narrow margin, the Sec
ond Republican, the Fourth and Fifth in
doubt, and the Third and Fifth fusion.
Few figures have been received on the
Legislature, but prospects for the silver
Democrats and Populists controlling both
branches are the best.
NEVADA.
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 4.— Returns from
small outside precincts are coming in very
slow. All, however, give Bryan and Se
wall large majorities, and also give entire
silver Democratic State ticket majorities.
Newlands sure to be returned to Congress
and Jones to the Senate. Silver Demo
cratics will have a majority in the Legis
lature on joint ballot.
NEW JERSEY.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 4.— The latest
returns from New Jersey make but little
change in the report sent out by the
United Associated Presses last nient. Mc-
Kiniey's plurality is 74,094.
NORTH CAROLINA.
RALEIGH, N, C, Nov. 4.— At Demo
cratic heauquarters Chairman Manley
said: "Returns from the State come in
slowly, but indicate Democratic gains in
every county save two so far heard from,
which, if maintained, are safe to give
Watson (D.) a clear majority for Gov
ernor. I think it safe to say he is elected.
Bryan's majority, it now seems, will be
not less than 20,000. I think Kitchen and
Doughton, Democrats, are elected to Con
gress from the Fifth and Eighth districts
respectively. Kitchen has made great
gains In the Fifth on Settle's vote in 1894
I rind that the Republican State chairman
is basing all his estimates on the State on
the vote of 1892, when we had 40,000 plu
rality."
RepuDlican State Chairman Holton said
at 11:30 o'clock; "1 have no information
as to the Fifth District, save as to Guil
ford and Stokes counties, both of which
go Republican. Settle's election is doubt
ful. Ah to other Congressmen, Pearson of
the Ninth telegraphed he is safe. I think
he is beyond doubt, f. think we elect
Linney in the Eighth. There is no
definite news as. to Fowler in the Third.
I feel sure of Skinner in the First. White
in the Second, Stroud in the Fourth, Mar
tion in the Sixth and Shuaorm in the
Seventh are elected. I have no figures on
the vote for Governor. Twenty-one coun
ties heard from give a Republican gain of
20,000 over the vote of 1592 and lose only
80. McKinley will carry the State by 25,
-000 if the ratio keopß up witbin 50 per
cent of my reports."
National Committeeman Josephus
Daniels at 11 o'c.ock to-night nays Bryan's
majority in the State approximates 15,000,
and he is absolutely safe; that the contest
for Governor is not yet certain, but in
dications favor the election of Russell. It
may take an official count to determine.
The Populists have elected Congressmen
in the First, Third, Fourth, S:xth and
Seventh districts, the Democrats in the
Fifth and Eighth.
Republicans in the Second certain and
in the Ninth probable, but the latter is in
doubt. Settle R. in the Fifth is defeated
by 500. The Leginlature will have 70 Re
publicans, 50 Democrats and 50 Populists.
The Democratic State chairman predicts
the election ol Doughton D. ior Congress
in the Eighth District and has strong
hopes of the election of Adams in the
Ninth.
The Republican State chairman says at
11 o'clock, upon latest electoral returns,
that it will take the official count to deter
mine between Bryan and McKinley.
MISSOURI.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 4.— Chairman
Cook of the Democratic Committee at 9:40
advanced the figure of the majority for
Bryan from 40,000 to 53,000. Nearly all
the cities are complete. The few country
precinct returns received show small gains
for the Democrats. Stephens for Gover
nor, against whom the Republicans
worked hardest, suffered some, but in
many places led his ticket. There will be
almost a reversal in the political character
of the Congressional delegation.
Latest reports indicate the election of
the following: First Distr ct, S. P. Giles;
Second, 11. N. Bodine; Third, A. M.
Dockery; Fourth, George Crowther (R.);
Fifth, W. S. Cowherd; Sixth, D. A. de
Armond; Seventh, John P. Tracy (R.);
Eighth R. Bland; Ninth, Champ Clark;
Tenth, Richard Bartholdt (R.); Eleventh,
Charles F. Joy (R.); Twelfth, C. E.
Pearce (R.); Tnirteenth, Edward Rabb;
Fourteenth, W. R. Vandiver; Fifteenth,
M. E. Henton.
But five of these, Crowther, Tracey, Bar
tholdt, Joy and Pearce, are Republicans.
The Democrats have a majority of over
thirty on joint ballot in the State Legis
lature and will elect a successor to Senator
Vest.
ILLINOIS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Nov. 4 -Returns from
the State are coming in slowly, but bear
out early estimates of a majority exceed
ing 100.0C0 for McKinley, with the vote fcr
Governor running well up. In Chicago
Tanner polled 30,000 less than the head of
the ticket, but he ran ahead in many
country districts and it is believed he will
not be far behind McKinley when the re
turns are complete. The entire Cook
County (Chicaeo) Republican ticket was
elected.
The tidal waVe assures a Republican
majority in both branches of the State
Legislature, and in consequence a Repub
lican successor to Senator Palmer, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
candidate for the Presidency on the Gold
Democratic ticket.
The Democrats have elected three and
possibly four Congressmen. Those elected
are: Hinrichsen in the Sixteenth, Hunter
in the Tenth and Jehu Baker in tne
Twenty-first Congressional districts.
In the Seventeenth Caldwell D. claims
his election, and fa the Third, after a close
race. Belknap R. defeated Darrow D.
The Gold Democrat ticket polled less
than the 2 per cent required by law to give
it. standing as a National party, and so
has virtually passed out of existence.
Both State and National headquarters were
closed to-day.
TENNESSEE.
MEMPHIS, Term., Nov. 4.— Tennessee
is generally conceded to Bryan, bat the
gubernatorial election at this hour,
12:15 a. m., is exceedingly close between
Taylor D. and Tillman R. Each side
claims it ana the official count may be
necessary. Congressional results are cer
tain to be: First District, W. P. Brown
iOwß; Second, H. EL Gibson R. ; Third,
J. A. Moore D. ; Fourth, Benton McMil
lan D. ; Fifth, J. D. Richardson D. ; Sixth,
J. W. Games 1). ; Seventh, N. N. Cox D. ;
Eighth. T. W. Sims D. ; Ninth, Rice A.
Pierce D. ; Tenth, E. W. Carmack. In the
Tenth District Carmack, silver Democrat,
has a majority over J. Patterson, gold
Democrat, but the matter will be con
tested.
SOUTH DAKOTA.
PIERRE, S. Dak., Nov. 4.— The returns
from South Dakota are exasperatingly
slow and the indications are that the State
has perhaps gone less than 1000 for either
Bryan or McKinley. All the returns that
have come in to-night show Bryan gains.
Lawrence County, in the center of the
Black Hills, has just reported a majority
of 500 for Bryan. The Republicans had
been claiming that county all day. A
majority ol the counties seem to have gone
Populist and the Legislature appears at
this hour to have a Populist majority.
The incomplete returns now indicate that
both Populist Congressmen are elected
and probably the Populist State officers.
It may take' official returns to decide
Sontn Dakota.
YANKTON, S. Dak., Nov. 4.-From
present indications the Legislature will be
very close on joint ballot and may possi
bly have a small majority for the. silver
ites. Thirty-five thousand votes are yet to
be received and it may be impossible to
know the result in this State to-night
NORTH DAKOTA.
BISMARCK, N. Dak., Nov. 4.— Enough
is known to show that the State has gone
for McKinley by at least 3000. The
northern Populist counties have not come
up with the expected Populist majorities.
The Republicans have elected their State
ticket by safe majorities and Johnson R.
is re-elected to Congress by 3500. The
Legislature is Republican by 20 on joint
ballot.
OHIO.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 4.-Chairman
Kuriz of the Republican State Executive
Committee issued k bulletin to-night show
ing that 86 out of 88 counties of the State
give Republican gains over the Republican
plurality of last year of 12,450 and Demo
cratic gains of 50,632. This is a net Demo
cratic gain of 38.187 over the vote of last
year, and shows a Republican plurality in
the State of 54,440. Estimating tue result
in the ether two counties, Morrow and
Stark, at 1500 piuraluy the Republicans'
electoral ticket in Ohio is 52,940.
NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 4.— Corrected
returns from all counties in New York State
give McKinley a plurality ot 266,073. Only
one county, Schoharie, was carried by
Bryan.
Careful revision of the returns for As
semblymen in the 150 districts in this
State make little change in tne list sent
out by the United Associated Presses las',
night. The totals stand: 114 Republicans
and 36 Democrats.
Revision of New York City's vote for
President with four election districts mips
inp: McKinley 153,050, Bryan 134,287.
Palmer 5615, Mitchell (Socialist Labor)
7304. McKinley's majority over Bryan
19,663.
Revision of the city's vote for Governor
with eight election districts missinc:
Black R. 146,139. Porter I). 139.726, Griffin
N. D. 8070, Balk S. L. 8443. Black over
Porter 6413.
WYOMING.
CHEYE.NNK, Wto., Nov. 4.— ln sev
enty-six election precincts out of 295, Mc-
Kinley pets 4178, Bryan 4317. a D?mo
cratic gain 614. Congressional and judi
cial tickets are keeping pace with the
electoral vote. No returns are in from
Johnson or Crook counties, but both have
Democratic indications. The entire Demo
cratic electoral. Congressional and 6tate
ticket will have a plurality of about 5000.
Both parties now claim the electoral and
Congressional votes of Wyoming. The
Republican State Committee has returns
from eleven of thirteen counties, and
these, with estimates of the two remain
ing, indicate the election of Republican
electors and Congressmen by pluralities
of about 200. The Democratic State Com
mittee has returns from eleven counties
showing a Democratic majority of 504.
A conservative view of the situation is
that the State will be carried by less than
300 plurality, and complete returns from
every county in the State will be necessary
to determine which party will have this
plurality. The State Legislature will be
40 Repuolicans, 16 Democrats on joint
ballot.
DELAWARE.
WILMINGTON, Del., Nov. 4.-The
outloook to-night is that the McKinloy
electors will have a plurality of over
2000. Some rural districts are still miss
ing, but the indications are that the
Democrats will have a majority on joint
ballot in the Legislature, which is to elect
a Senator.
Tunnell D. for Governor and Handy
(free silver D.) for Congress are elected.
OKLAHOMA.
GUTHJtIE, O. T., Nov. 4. -Returns
from 18 of the 23 counties of the Territory
pive the free-silver fusion ticket increased
strength over first reports and indicate the
election of Calahan (silver) to Conereas by
1000 majority. Both branches of the Legis-
Jature will oe controlled by the Democrats
and a majority of the counties in tne Ter
ritory elected free-silver tickets.
WEST VIRGINIA.
CHARLESTON, W. Va.. Nov. 4.-Re
publicans claim the State by 15,000. The
Democratic State Committee concedes it
by 10,000. The delegation for Congress
will be solidly Republican. Dorr's ma
jority is placed at 3COO. There will be 44
Republican members of the Hyuse of
Delegntes, with the Democrats claiming
27. The Republicans claim nine mem
bers of the State Senate, conceding the
Democrats four. As the Republicans
have ten hold-over members of the State
Senate, giving the Democrats three, this
will give a Republican majority on joint
Dallotof29.
Fourteen counties give McKinley 14,000
plurality, indicative of 15,000 in the State.
Dayton and Dovenor for Con^res* succeed
themselves by majorities of 3000 each.
republicans now claim th<* S ate by
15,000. The Democratic State Committee
concedes it by 10,000. The deleeation in
Congress will be solidly Republican.
Dorr's majority is placed ai 3000.
There will be 44 Republican members of
the House of Delegates, with the Demo
crats claiming 37. The Republicans will
elects members of the State Senate, con
ceding the Democrats 4. The Republicans
have 10 holdover Senators and the Demo
crats 3, this giving a Republican majority
on joint ballot of 29.
UTAH.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov, 4.— The Leg
lslature in this State stands: Democrats
58, Populists 3 and Republicans 2 on joint
bailor, all for free silver. The Democratic,
silver Republican and Populist fusion on
the Bryan electors polled approximately
60,000 votes and the McKinley electors
15,000. The Palmer-Buckuer electors re
ceived only a few scattering votes. Prob
ably 33 per cent of the Bryan vote comes
from the silver Republicans. The Popu
list vote is insignificant One of the fu
sion electors is for Bryan and Watson
and the other two for Bryan and SewalL
The vote for King, D., is about 47,000;
Holbrook, R., 27,000, and Foster, Pop.,
700.
Judge Powers has resigned the State
chairmanship of the Democratic party
and is the favorite for United States Sen
ator to succeed Senator Brown.
KENTUCKY.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 5—2:30 a. m.—
Republican Secretary Leiberth claims Ken
tucky for McKinley by 2500. Democratic
Chairman Johnston claimd it for Bryan by
2000.
The Courier-Journal's returns, with 29
precincts missing, give McKinley a plural
ity of 1224.
Evan Settle's majority over Colonel W.
C. P. Breckinridge for Congress in the
Seventh District is about 1400.
The Courier-Journal says: In the first
ten districts Bryan leads McKinley by
11,813. The Eleventh District is expected
to give McKinley 14.000 plurality.
Returns from the Eleventh District with
Leslie County missing, and also three
precincts in Bell, two in Clay, one in
Letcher and three in Perry, give McKinley
1926 plurality.
Kentucky Congressmen elected: First
District,- Wheeler Sil. D. ;• Second,
Clarey Sil. D.; Third, Rhea Sil. D.
Pop., may be contested; Fourth, Smith
Sil. D. ; Fiftb, Evans R.; Sixth,
Berry Sil. D. ; Seventh, Settle Sil. D. ;
Eighth, Davison R. ; Ninth, Pugh R.;
Tenth, Fltzpatrick SiJ. D.; Eleventh,
Col son R.
TEXAS.
HOUSTON, Tex., Nov. 4.— Latest esti
mates place Bryan'3 plurality in Texas
over 160.000, ana Culberson's D. for Gov
ernor 80,000. All the Democratic candi
dates for Congress are elected. They
ore: First District, Ball; Second
Cooper; Third. De Graffenrein ; Fourth,
Crawford; Fifth, Bailey; Sixth, Burke;
Seventh, Henry; Eightb, Lanham ; Ninth.
Savers; Tenth. Bhelbarne; Eleventh,
Kleburg; Twelfth. Slnyden; Thirteenth,
Stevens. The rsturns are coming in
slowly.
MONTANA.
BUTTE, Most., Nov. 4.— Full returns in
Montana have not yet been received, but
the cities and largest counties are in, and
bear out estimate; previously sent out
Bryan's majority will be about 18,000.
Hartman, for Congress, ran considerably
behind Bryan, but his majority is large.
The entire State fusion ticket is elected,
and the Democrats will have a majority
in both branches of t lie Legislature.
FLORIDA.
JACKSONVILLE, Fr,A., Not. 4.—Prac
tically complete returns from Florida
show that the State has gone for Bryan by
about 9000. In the First Congressional
District S. M. Parkman (Silver D.) is re
elected by about 7000 plurality. In the
Second District Robert W. Davis (Silver D.)
is elected by about a plurality of 4000.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 4.— Complete
figures from only six out of thirty-two
counties have been heard from. A nearly
complete count from all but six counties
sive 34,954 for McKinley and 31,709 for
Bryan. McKinley's majority is 3243. The
canvass of Portland and Muitnomah
County, a R;ruolican stronghold, was
completed to-day. The total vote for Mc-
Kinley is 11,832, Bryan 6454.
The vote for Palmer and Buckner in
this State is tunning very light, and Sec
retary Wells of the State League of Re
publican Clubs estimates this evening
that the gold-standard men will not poll
much over 500 votes in the State.
The Oregonian. the leading Republican
organ of the Northwest, acknowledges
credit ia doe to the Demo
crats for McKinley's majority, for had
they not voted with the Republicans
Bryan would probably have carried the
Staie.
Practically complete returns from 26 out
of the 32 counties in Oregon eive McKin
ley 34,954, Bryan 31.700. McKinley's Ma
jority in the State, 3243.
Estimated returns from the other six
conn tie?, which are small, do not mate
rially alter these figures.
The City of Portland complete gives Mc-
Kinley 6354 majority.
VIRGINIA.
RICHMOND. Va., Nov. 4— The latest
returns indicate a plurality of from 18,000
to 20,000 for Bryan. The Democrats elect
their Congressmen in the First, Second,
Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh and
Eighth districts. The Ninth is conceded
to the Republicans by about 1500 majority.
The Tenth is very close, both sides claim
ing iv
BIG WAGES FOR BRYAN.
Offered $25,000 a Year to Manage
a Law Department.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Nov. 4.— The fol
lowing telegram was sent to Mr. Bryan at
Lincoln to-day:
"To Hon. William J. Bryau, Lincoln,
Nebr. : You have so thoroughly demon
strated your ability in the political cam
paign that we would like to know if you
would accept an offer of twenty-five thou
sand dollars ($25,000) a year to manage a
law department in our store.
"iSIEGEL-CoOPKR COMPANY,
"Hxxby bixoFL, President.
MAJOR M'KINLEY'S
SWEEPING VICTORY
Continued from First Page.
OS fourteen votes to get to elect Mr. Bryan.
i-iher Michigan or Indiana will give us
these votes. Reports from ench of these
States show that we have probably carried
Indiana and have the best chance to win
both. We cannot tell yet whether we will
win either.
"We are perfectly justified in claiming
the election of Mr. Bryan, and I believe
the temper of the people is such that they
will not submit to being beaten by tricks
and fraud. The statements made in the
papers that I have given up tne fight and
conceded McKinley's election show a de
liberate attempt to create a false public
sentiment; to make the people believe
McKinley's election is accomplished and
acquiesced in. I have not for a moment
acquiesced in his election and will not
until material returns change the present
situation. On the present showing I
claim Mr. Bryan's election, as I believe
Indiana and rrobab'y Michigan have
been carried for Bryan, and if either has
Mr. Bryan is elected."
THEY DID NOT PARADE.
Sllverltes Cause Chlcajro Police
Force to Be Called Out.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 4.— Reports cir-~
culated shortly after 6 o'clock to-night
that Bryan had been elected caused con
siderable excitement in Chicago and at
many places Jarge crowds gathered. At
the Auditorium three or four hundred
people assembled early and preparations
were made to parade the downtown
streets. A verbal permit was given the
silver men to march by Chief of Police
Badenoch, before he went home to dinner
and on this the parade was organized.
Just about the time t c start was to have
been made some one telephoned a mes
sace to the Central police station, the
purport of which cannot be learned from
the sergeant who received it, nor is the
sender's name known. In about an hour
Chief of Police Badenoch came in hastily
and In a short time Mayor Swift came to
the City Hall in response to a telephone
message.
It developed later that the Chief had
called out the entire polic? force of the
city and a few minutes after hi 3 arrival
at the City Hall he dispatched three
wagon-loads ol detectives to the Audi
torium. Here the men were placed out
side the doors of the big hotel and its
annex to prevent any trouble that might
arise. Two or three hundred men were
held in readiness at the Central station
to answer any calls that might be made,
but their services were siot required. On
orders two officer* tore down some posters
in front of the office of the Dispatch, the
free silver afternoon paper, and remained
on duty there until a large crowd whit:h
had been gathered there for some time
dispersed. The police refuse to say who
sent in the request for extra officers.
MAY COST ONE VOTE.
The Same Name on Different
Tickets Causes Confusion.
WILMINGTON. Del., Nov. 4.— James
G. Shaw, one of the McKinley candidates
for elector, was on both the Republican
and Union Republican tickets. On the
Union Republican ticket in Newcastle
County "Sr. " was added to his name.
Many of the election officers gave James
G. Shaw the votes, keeping tally only on
the head of the Republican ticket. Others
kept a tally for both names and so made
returns. To what extent this has been
done cannot develop until the official
count on Thursday. Then much will de
pend on the action of the board of can
vass. If the intent of the voters is to be
taken, Snasv will be the entire vote,
but if an attempt is made to show that
two men were really voted for it may re
sult in losing one vote for MeKinley.
SMALL STREET RIOT.
Bryan Soreheads Are Qulok to
Show Their Teeth.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 4.— A small
election riot occurred this afternoon in
front of the Democratic headquarters on
Niuth street. A large crowd of Bryan
supporters were receiving bulletins wnen
a crowd of several hundred Republicans,
headed by a university glee club, at
tempted to force a way through the crowd.
Fisticuffs were indulged in, tne windows
of the headquarters building smashed,
but there were no fatal or serious injuries.
The riot was soon quelled for sheer lack of
space in which to fight.
There is much excitement in this city
on account of its being Bryan's home, nnd
he das many warm friends here who are
willing to resent any slight cast on him.
VICTORY OF THE PEOPLE.
Newspapers Rejoice In the Over
throw of Anarchism.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 4.— The Tribune
in a leader this morning sums up the sit
uation as follows: The East, as was ex
pected, went solidly for McKinley. The
Middle West has repudiated Altgeldism
and the silver heresy, and presents a solid
front to the enemy. Illinois' magnificent
majority is nearly equaled by lowa and
Wisconsin, while Minnesota and Indiana
have done nobly. Kentucky and Mary
land art) undoubtedly Ret üblican. West
Virginia seems to be safe for KcKinley,
and Tennessee is claimed for the Republi
can ticket. Delaware is Republican, and
the Republican fusioi ticket in Texas
may have worked the greatest wonder of
all, and taken the Lone Star State from
the Democratic column. This would give
McKinley at least ten more votes. It is
doubtful how the other five would vot<».
Bryan's own State, Forth and South Da
kota are probably Republican. Missouii
has been true to its traditions and cast a
plurality of its votes for Bryan. Kansas is
claimed by the Republicans, but the re
turns are slower in coming in. Tha
Rocky Mountain States go for silver of
course. California is close, with the
chances favoring McKinley. Oregon is
true to Republicanism.
Owi:m to the unusually large number
of doubtful States it is impossible to give
the result with entire exactness at this
hour. But it is sufficient to know that
even should Bryan carry every State con
cerning which there is now any doubt he
would yet be tar short of a majority of the
electoral vote. McKinley'a election is be
yond the danger point.
The Tribune this morning comments
editorially upon the result of the election
as follows: William McKinley has been
elected by an overwhelming majority and
the anxiety of all patriotic hearts gives
place to a joy too profound for expression.
It is not oniy a victory, but one so com
plete and decisive as to answer the fervent
prayers of loyal men. Bryan, Bryanism,
Aitneldism, the free-silver conspiracy and
the deep plots of anarchists are all bulled
under an avalanche of ballots. There
have been few grander mornent3 j n Q
history of sslf-government than this. To
day the whole Nation rises by the reading
on its own mistakes and its own most
dangerous tendencies and joins none
more heartily than many who contributed
to the error.
The people will not fail to honor first of
all William McKinley himself, whose
statesmanship and lofty patriotism have
been not more conspicuous than his wise
leadership. But above all it is the victory
of tho people, who have once more shown,
with startling distinctness, their capacity
and, therefore, their right to govern them
selves. »
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 4.— The Times
says: We had three years of silver panic
and business depression. We have given
three months to Bryan. Capital has been
frightened, enterprise benumbed, indus
try paralyzed. Now that we have utterly
annihilated Bryan and 16 to 1, let every
body pluck up courage and get to work.
A season of prosperity richer than any in
the country's history lies before us. It
should be entered upon with zeal and
confidence, but in the sober, industrious
spirit of sensible, people. It is no time
for crazy booms or speculative kite-flying.
It is a time for hard work and business
skill and judgment and for push and en
terprise in all legitimate fields. The
American people are tired of hard times.
They want good times. It will «o ill with
anybody who stands in the way of their
enjoying them.
The Sun says: The full dimensions of
the victory won yesterday by the Ameri
can people cannot be measured exactly at
the present time of writing; that it is as
tremendous, as sweeping and as conclusive
as the occasion demands is manifest. The
country has repudiated the repudiators;
has warned the promoters of revolution to
keep their hands off our institutions
and has voted to maintain untarnished
the Nation's honor by one of the most
impressive demonstrations of honest and
patriotic sentiment ever witnessed in our
history. It is no man's victory. It is no
party's victory. Under divine providence
it is the American people's triumphant
assertion of eternal principles of right and
truth.
LONDON. Eng., Nov. 4.— The Star in an
article under the caption "The United
States Repudiates Currency Juggling"
says: It is crditable to the American de
mocracy thmt they fastened upon the para
mount issue, disregarding all others.
The St. James Gazette says: Behind the
silver movement ti;ere was undoubted!}' a
feeling of popular discontent with the
established order of things which is likely
to become more desperate through defeat.
Indeed it looks more like the beginning
of a great social and economic struggle
than the end.
The Pall Mall Gazette says: The decis
ion-Cf the American electors will be uni
versally accepted as most creditable, and
implies t ; iat the democracy when con
fronted with vital issues will rally in
reality and repudiate shams.
The Gazette takes occasion to laud
President Cleveland's patriotism.
The Globe says: From an outside
standpoint the most satisfactory thing is
the crushing blow which the result strikes
the cause of confiscation the world over.
The Westminster Gazette, in a leader
headed "The Great Career of a Civilized
People," says: Whatever its grievance it
will not accept repudiation.
As a matter of policy the Gazette ad
vises McKinley to leave the tariff alone.
TRADE ALREADY REVIVES.
rv'cKlnley's Election Causes Ac-
tivlty In England.
LONDON, Exg., Not. s.— Liverpool
commercial and .shipping circles are well
satisfied with the result of the election in
America.
When the extent of the majority re
ceived by McKinley was made known on
the Stock Exchange this iorenoon the
speculators became preatly excited. Tne^
exchange was crowded at an early nour
and the bidding at the opening was very
active, resulting in advances in prices of
from one to i-ix points, Chicago, Milwau
kee and St. Paul and Louisville and Nash
ville leading in the rise.
In Glasgow mercantile circles it is be
lieved the result of the election will stimu
late exports to the United States, and
there is a desire to rush export trade as
much as possible before McKinley takes
his seat, the general expectation being
that a high tar.ff of at least 2 cents will
be imposed upon sugar.
A leading merchant of Glasgow said to
a representative of the United Associ- '
ated Presses that the speculator will not
be likely to lose anything even at the
tariff mentioned, seeing that sugar is sell
ing at 9s. a hundredweight.
Shipowners do not expect to reap any
benefit from the election, as most steam
ers are already chartered for the opening
months of 1897.
The Glasgow Exchange was strong to
day in all departments.
SHOWS TRUE HONOR.
Embassador Bayard Talks of tho
Election of McKinley.
LONDON, Enq., Nov. 4.— Embassador
Bayard in the course of a conversation
with a representative of the United Asso
ciated Presses to-day said:
"The result of the election in America
verifies my opinion of the honesty and
uprightness of the American people. I
believe that they will always vote against
repudiation in any form when the issue is
placed plainly before them.
"Whether the incoming Congress and
administration will comprehend that this
is no mere party business, we must wait
and see. I hope and trust teat there will
be a modification of the fiscal and com
mercial policies of such men as Bryan and
Sewall and their promulgation of issues
so destructive to the honor and pros
perity of the United States.
"This is what the people meant to
resent. The 3 effect has been good
here. Such an exhibition of the faith
and honesty of the American people can
not but have a good effect in restoring con
fidence in 5 the institutions and securities
of the United Btates."
♦ — —
COMMON-SENSE VICTORY.
How tha Major's Election Is Re
garded Abroad.
PARIS. Fbakce, Nov. 3. -There is gen
eral jubilation in the American colony
over the election of McKinley, and Bryan
ltes virtually have no existence in Paris
Bankers, exporters and insurance men
are especially grateful. Hon. J. Meredith
Read, United States Consular-General in
Paris during the Franco-Prussian war, and
later United States Minister to Greece
describes the election of McKinley as v
victory of common-sense.
BERLIN, Gkkmany, Nov. 4 —The lead
ing bankers and the bourse operator < here
declared that they were very well satisfied
with the result of the election in the
United States.
Exports say they will now expect
large orders which were placed upon the
condition of McKinley's election. The
official world of Germany fear that a hi K h
protective tariff in the United States is
impending. Embassador Uhl says that
trade with the United States will now be
revived.
The Nub Beorsen Zeitung says the
sound sense of i the American people
recognized in time the dancers to which
they would 'be expoaad by the free coin
ago of silver.
The Freissinnige Zeitung asserts that
the victory of the supporters of sound
money is a triumph of the sound sense of
the people of the United States.
The Cologne Gazette says: The condi
tions which brought McKinley to his
present position may prevent him
from relapsing into his former
sins. if the Senate* ' and House
of Representatives paxaiyea each other's
action on the tariff and silver questions
he will be the right man. The best thing
for him and for the country will be that I.c
play a negative role as President as he did
when he was Governor o! Ohio.
CITY OF MEXICO. Mex., Nov. 4.-The
election of McKinley Rives general satis
faction here, as it is believed to be the
best result of the campaign for both coun
tries. Great excitement was manifested
here last night over the defeat of Bryan.
♦ — \V '- - '■
SOMEWHAT REASSURED.
But Mr. Bryan Knows There Is Not
a Shadow of Hopa.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 4.— The scene
at the Bryan residence to-night was much
ihe same as it was last evening. Mr.
Bryan, who left the house only once
durine the day and then to attend the
funeral of a neighbor, did not remain up
stairs as he did last nieht, but came down
into the library to receive the returns.
Some of the bulletins that came in were of
a reassuring character, and the Demo
cratic candidate plainly showed by his
manner that he felt more encouraged. A
number of friends who had held aloof
yesterday and to-day dropped in and
chatted pleasantly with him. Mrs. Bryan
also helped entertain the visitors. Like
r.er husband she seemed in good spirits.
Many of the telephone messages from
friends and supporters concernine the re
sult were answered by Mr. Bryan per
sonally. He talked very conservatively,
indicating in his replies to these inquiries
that official counts in some States might
be necessary to determine the result.
Excitement In Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Nov. 4. —Tne great
est exoitement exists in this city over the
election situation to-night. At 10 o'clock
an immense crowd packed in the streets
in front of the Enquirer office, where bul
letins from the Democratic National head
quarters are being displayed.
The late returns have revived hope in
the breasts of the disheartened Democrat?,
and they are filling the air with their
shouts. . A procession a block in length,
headed by a brass band, is parading the
streets through the rain, cheering for
Bryan.
Earnings of the Rock Island.
CHICAGO, 111.. Nov. 4.— The estimated
gross earnings of the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific Railway Company for the
month of October, 1896, are $1,671,956 34. a
decrease compared with estimated earn
ings in October, 1895, of $68,839 03.
\* .Another. Xational Bank Failure.
Washington, d. c, Nov. 4.-Tho
First National Bank of Garrett, Kan-,
with a capital of $90,000. failed to-day.
Liabilities, $96 000; assets, nominal. Ex
aminer Stainby huf been placed in chur^e.
| MAN'S I
MANNA. |
Man's Manna f or years the doctor »
ill all 3 illaliuiit have* been using the
great Hudyan remedy
Man's! Minnt treatment, and the re-
iuall » Jill llllil. suits warrant the say
ing, Hudyan is
Man's Manna.
!Hin'« Manna ' This rem edy stimulates
Jill 11 » lUdllllil. and makes active tha
blood in the veins.
Man'« Manna Renews the fires of
lfidll » JliiUliil. life. Cures Failing
. Manhood, . Conatipa-
Hfan'e Minna "on, Day Losses, Nerv-
Uldll 5 illdllUd. ousness, Debility, Neu-
rasthenia, Organic
Man's Manna Weakness, Bladder
lUdll 8 lUdlllld. Troubles, Miserable
Forebodings. It is just
Man* Manna whal you need to make
Jldll a llldlllld. a man of you. Hudyan
will surely effect a cure
Man's Manna. l n r a r r ca ; c - c ? u or
CIRCULARS,
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
FfTPtTlfl Comes with. extreme irri-
" *' VlllC * tatiou and watery pim-
pies. Just as soon a3
Fr7P!TIJI your skin becomes dry
u-tiCilia. a n( j parched and itcny,
• just so soon you must
Pr7Ama " el^ yourself, Call far
L*k<£,Clllcl. Eczema Book or write.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
• Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
Are You
Satisfied
With your shirt— with the fit-
style— quality ? No? Then learn
a lesson and buy a "STANDARD"
next time— meritorious California
manufactures. -
II TRAOC ' '
to.'
If ■ MARK. '
CATARRH lAlAttltU
ISA t-^ ~mm—
LOCAL DISEASE M&qT£v?^&
and Is the result of colds S^^.^BA^
and sudden climatic ; ■?^K** i^ft COl £l
change*. yiiwrii^ika ll^
1 This remedy do's not con- tl< *"EH >W^ J^^k
tnln mercury or any other J^, */2><i?i((i
Injurious drug. :•. m/f ' \S~^F/E3Sk
CREAIifBALM fc^
Opens and cleans the Nannl COLD 1\ HEID
i'Bssases, Allays Pain and ' WLU,*" IlCl AIF
Inflammation, llealsand Protects the 'Membrane
from Colds. Restores, the; Sen sea of Taste and
fen.ell. Is quickly absorhed. <?lves relief at one*
50cen!sat Druggists or by mail; samples 10c by
ELY BKOTHERS, 56 Warren street, v New YorkPLAINT Of THE
POPULIST PARTY
Chairman Washburn Issues
a Statement to the
Voters.
Yet Claims That There Is a
Chance ior Bryan to Reach
the White House.
CANNOT SWALLOW DEFEAT.
Ridiculous Aspersions Cast Upon the
Intelligent Citizens Who Pre
vented Repudiation.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 4.— The following
statement of the Presidential situation
was issued to-night by Chairman Wash
liurn ol the Chicago heauquariers, Peo
ple's party committee:
To the voters of the United States: Our fa
cilities for receiving the election returns are
equal to any. We know from private advices
And the returns up to date that McKinley is
not elected. On the other hand, the latest re
turns justify our claim that Mr. Bryau is
elected. It is one of the peculiarities of the
Republican enterprise that they always claim
everything in sight a few hours after election.
In 1876, as well as in 1884. it was not known
for three or four days which candidate had
won. Although the early returns Indicated
Republican success, Democratic followed.
Again, four years ago, the early returns fa
vored Harrison's election, while the subse
quent ones elected Cleveland.
This year the early returns favored McKin
ley because they came from the Eastern and
Middle States, and from :he cities of other
States, while the returns from the South and
West were withheld so as to stampede public
sentiment that McKinley was elected, whether
he was or not, and thus create sentiment in
advance which would operate to his advantage
incase the election was contested, while on
the other hand, had the first returns an-
nounced Bryan's success and a contest re-
sulted, there would be an uprising of the
people through fear of a repetition of the
Tilden episode.
We have positive evidence that the Republi
can National Committee have wired their
State committees to claim certain States which
° are in doubt, fearing that the subsequent re
turns might indicate ilryan's election. We
• shall soon vigorously preis the question, viz. :
"If It is not lor the purpose of manipulating
lhem why are they held back?"
We want the American people to be patient
and culm and to wait for the official returns
and pay no attention to the false reports sent
out by manipulating committees. We also
feel justified in assuring the people that If
Bryan is elected he will be seated. The will
of the people will never again be defeated
through the manipulation of returning
boards to capture tho Presidency. The politi
cal crime of 1876 will be resisted if repeated.
The returns this evening indicate that Mr.
Bryan will carry all the States west of the
Missouri River and south of the Ohio and
Poiomac, which, without Maryland and Dela
ware, make 209 votes. Delaware i.« still in
doubt, but we are sure of one elector, which
m»kes 210. Add to tnis Michigan, fourteen
vet s, or Indiana, fifteen votes, and it insures
Bryan's election. The returns from both these
Slates now show positive gains for Bryan in
all of the suburban districts. The claims of
the Republicans are basea upon the reports ol
the cities. Now that we are hearing from tha
country the situation is rapidly changing.
The R.-pubiicans are becoming alarmed and
the silverites triumphant in the belief that
Bryan will be our next President.
George F. Washbukn,
Chairman Chicago Branch People's Party,
National Executive Committee.
POPULISTS DIE HARD.
Hoping Against Hope That Bryan
Will Win Our.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. Nov. 4.—Popu
list headquarters were quiet to-night, but
a number of hopeful followers of Mr.
• Bryan were there and declined to give up
the right. A statement was given out to
tbe effect that Bryan had carried every
Southern State except West Virginia,
' Maryland and possibly Kentucky, but he
thought the latter State would swing into
line.
■ Bryan, it was said, had carried every
State west of the Missouri River except
California, Oregon and North Dakota, all
of which it is claimed would probably go
for him on later returns. Indiana and
Minnesota were in doubt and if they went
for Bryan it would elect him.
The silver men, it was claimed, would
have over 150 members in the House of
Representatives and it was absolutely cer
tain that the silver men would control
the next Senate.
It was further stated that the Populists
had u:ec:ed over twenty Congressmen,
have secured Governors in probably three
fctates and certain of this in two or three
more States.
At Democratic headquarters Senator
Faulkner by no means conceded Bryan's
defeat. He was still hopeful that later re
turns would prove favorable to the Demo
cratic candidate. He was anxiously await
ing returns from Kentucky, which would
change he complexion of the situation.
LOYALTY AND HONESTY.
Verdict of the American People
Approved by the "Thunderer."
LONDON. Esq., Nor. 4.— Tbe Times
will say to-morrow: The people of the
United States have earned the congratu
lations of the world on the proof they
' have given of loyalty to National honor.
The whole stock in trade of self-seeking
politicians and flatterers has been spurned
and swept asiue by the plain honesty and
. simple common sense ot the countrymen
of Washington and Lincoln.
While we recognize to the fullest extent
the admirable temper displayed in this
severe trial we are not altogether sure
that McKiney's victory can be regarded
as finally quenching the Bryanite move
ment.
The elements of discontent to which
Bryan appealed will continue to exist and
even increase, but much depends upon
the use which McKiuley and his party
make of their unique opportunity.
A blundering course of policy disturbing
legislation and a disposition to use the
non-party majority for partisan purposes
would soon *nrodu«% a state of things
which would encourage Bryanism to re
raise its head.
The exuberant sense of relief arising
|* from the removal of the great danger
might produce an exaggerated effect.
Cleveland in 1892 had a majority about as
great as that of McKinley, yet the party
which was then victorious is now divided,
disorganized and despairing.
It will be to McKiniey's interest not less
than his duty to abstain from pressing
measures which may alienate from him
the gold Democrats, whose support has
contributed so much to his victory.
The Daily News will say: Mr. Bryan
committed the fatal mistake of attacking
tlie credit of the United States. A man
who runs amuck against the commercial
stability of the Union simpJy breaks his
head against a wal . Mr. Bryan assailed
the foundations of commerce, and the
commercial community has given him his
reward.
Tne News' article will ascribe McKin
ley's enormous majority not to his own
merits, but to the demerits of his opponent,
and will contend that he was not returned
for the purpose of reviving the tariff, but
to maintain the cold standard and a pure
dollar.
JEALUEST AND DEATB.
A. L. Snook Xmder* Hi* Wife and
Ihen Kiil* Him*elf.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 4.— A shock
ing trngeiiy tooK plnce at noon to-dny in
one of the most public places in the cily.
A. 1,. Snook, a well-known railroad man,
snot and killed his wife at the entrance to
the Hotel Belmont. and then committed
suicide.
Snook was insanely jealous of his wife.
Friends of the family say that he had no
reason to suspect his wife of wrong. But
he did so and made her life miserable by
watching her and accusing ncr of im
proper acts.
To-day he was evidently lying in wait
for her at the entrance to the hotel. He
was noticed walking backward and for
ward in front of the place for a consider
able time. When his wife approached the
place he hurriedly approached her and
spoke in a iow tone to her, at the name
time drawing a pistol from his pockei.
She turned from him as if endeavoring
to escape, and at the same moment be
fired.
Ihe ball strncfc her in the back of the
head and she fell dead to tbe sidewalk,
with the blood gushing from a ghastly
wound.
As soon as she fell and before any one
could lnterfer-, Snook placed the revolver
to his own head, and pulling the trigger
fell dead beside the body of hia wife. In
botu cases death was almost instan
taneous.
FIELD EIGHTY YEARS OLD.
The California Justice Congrat
ulated by Colleagues and
Friends.
He Is Opposed to Allowing President
Cleveland to Appoint His
Successor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 4 —Asso
ciate Justice Stephen J. Fi3ld is receiving
the congratulations of his colleagues and
his friends in general upon the fact that
he rounas to-day his eightieth year of life.
The distinguished member of the Su
preme judiciary has been nearly thirty
four years on the bench, and should he re
tain his position until next spring he will
have served longer than any other Asso
ciate Justice, the longest term of service
now on the records being that of Justice
Story of Massachusetts, who has served
thirty-four years.
Justice Field has been in poor health
for more than a year, but has persisted in
giving close attention to bis duties, ana it
is said that no member of the Supreme
Bench carries home more briefs than he
does.
A few months ago, trhen tbe venerable
jurist was seriously ill, it was reported
that he intended to tender his resigna
tion, but this was met by a prompt denial,
and the sentiment was attributed to him
that under no circumstances woul«i he
give President Cleveland the opportunity
of appointing his successor.
Justice Field has had a picturesque ca
reer. When only 15 years of age he was
nursing cholera patients at Smyrna,
whither he had gone with his sister, who
was the wife of a missionary. Later he
landed in San Francisco with $1 in cash, a
diploma entitling him to practice lew and
sixty newspapers that he had broucht with
him irom New York, the sale of which
multiplied his ao:lar many times over.
His first venture into public life was
when he was elected Siate Alcalde from
the mining camp of Marysville. Next the
same region sent him to the California
Legislature.
Jn 1857 he was elected a Justice of the
Supreme Court of California and became
Chief Justice two years later. He was pro
moted to the Supreme Bench by President
Lincoln, and has taken part in many his
toric hearings. He has been noted as a
man ofinflexible will and when his mind
is once made up be is immovable.
FATAL POLITICAL FIGHT.
A Survivor of the Xotoriout Hntfltld
Family Kills lhrc« Men.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 4.— News was
received here to-day from Williamson.
W. Va,, to the effect that a fatal fight took
place last night as the result of a quarrel
over politics.
Captain Hatfi*»ld, one of the participants
in the old Hatfield-McCoy ieud, which
caused bo many murders in that part of
f .he country, killed Hender*on Chamb rs
and Jobn and Elliott Rutherford of Maier
van.
Hatfield succeeded in escaping from the
place. His act caused the greatest indig
nation. Pursuit parties were at once
organized, and witbin a few hours 200
men were scouring the country in pursuit
of the fugitive.
Hatfield is familiar with all the country
in ttm part of the State, and there is a
chance that he may succeed in escaping
from his pursuers. Should he De ovei
tasen it is not likely he will be captured
aiive, for he knows very well that there
is lmle chance that he would live long
enough to be tried if he should fall into the
hanas of his enemies.
THE HEADS OF FAMILIES.
Their Duty to S-rcint* a Subject of
IpitrnpnUan Di*CUSiion.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 4.— The an
nual convocation of the Episcopal diocese
of Kentucky opened last night in St.
John's Church, having been chanced from
the morning in order to afford the mem
bers of the cierjry an opportunity to cast
their ballots. The proceedings were con
fined to tbe rsgular service and the annual
sermon, which was preached by Rieut
Rev. B shop Dudley.
To-day and Thursday the convocation
will discuss a large number of questions
of importance to the denomination and
touching upon vested choirs, the personal
rehcion of priests, the position of tho
church in the family and the duty of
heads of families toward their services.
7h* Cinarette Combine..
NEW YORK, H. V., Nov. 4.— The
argument on tbe demurrer against the
indictment of the American Tobacco
Company's officers is the special order to
day in the branch of the Supreme Court
presided over by Judge Fitzgerald. The
indictment, which is live months old,
charges the company anil iis officers with
unlawfully forming a combination to fix
and comrol tbe price ot cigarettes.
Macro* Mr, i i ion the Trnrhn.
KEY WEST, Fla., Nov. 4.— One thou
sand men from Maceo's camp crossed the
trocha about three days ago with the in
tention of joining the army of the Central
Department. Correspondent Melion'a
trial still continues in tbe Cabanas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
THANKSGIVING
PROCLAMATION
The President Sets Apart
a Day for Rest and
Prayer.
Many Blessings for Which the
People Should Be
Grate'ul.
THE NATION' 3 PRESERVATION.
Prosperous Citizens Reminded of
Their Duty to the Poor and
Needy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 4.—Presi
dent Cl- veland nas issued the following
Thanksgiving proclamation:
Executive Mansion. )
Washington, D. C, Nov. 4. 1896. |
The people of the United States should never
be unmindful of the gratitude they owe the
God oi Nations for his watchful care which hns
shielded them from dire disaster and pointed
out to them the way of peace and happiness.
Nor should they ever refuse to acknowledge
with contrite hearts their proneneK* to turn
away from God.-, teachings and to follow with
sinful pride after their own devices.
To the end that these thoughts may be
quickened, it is fitting that on a day especially
appointed we should join together in ap
proaching the throne of grace with praise and
supplication.
Therefore, I, Grover Cleveland, President of
the United States, do hereby designate and set
apart Thursday, the 26th day of the present
month of November, to be kept and observed
as a day of thanksgiving and prayer through
out our land. On that day let every people
forego their usual work and occupation and
assemble in their accustomed places of wor
ship; let them, with one accord, render thanks
to the Kuler of the universe for our preserva
tion as a Nation and our deliverance from
threatened danger; for the peace that has
dwelt within our boundaries; for our defense
against disease and pestilence during the year
that has passed; for the plenteous rewards
mat have followed the labors of our husband
men, and for all the other blessings that Have
been vouchsafed to us.
And let us, through the mediation ot him
who hag taught us how to pray, implore the
forgiveness of our slna and a continuance of
heavenly favor.
Let us not forget on this day of thanksgiving
the poor and the needy and by deeds of char
ity let our offerings of praise be more accepta
ble in the sight of the Lord.
Witness my hand and the seal of the United
States, which I have caused to be hereunto af
fixed. Grover Cleveland.
[seal.]
Done at the city of Washington this fourth day
of November, in the year of our Lord one
thousand eight nundred and ninety-six and
of the independence of the United States of
America the one hundred and twenty-first.
By the President :
Richard Olnet, Secretary of State.
TH E PRICE SAILS HOME.
American Mill* trill Furnish SuppUe
for tht- Siberian Railroad.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 4.— The Rus
sian Minister of Railroads, who for over a
month has been engaeed in an inspection
of the transportation development of this
country from San Francisco to Boston,
sailed to-day for home on the steamer St.
Louis. He was accompanied by his son.
Prince Alexander Miciiaelovitch, and
Colonel Chertkoff of the Imperial Guards.
The Prince, who at one time worked in
this country as a common laborer, has
greatly enjoyed his visit, and he expects
io repeat it more leisurely some time in
the future.
YVhile as much secrecy has surrounded
some of his conferences with rail and car
manufacturers and others as marked the
commercial transactions of Li Hung
Chang yet it is understood that the visit
of Prince Hilkoff will result in American
manufacturers having a considerable
hanu in furnishing the supplies for the
great Sioerian railroad, and in the con
struction of which more rails will be laid
in Russia during the next few years than
in all the rest of the wor.d combined.
THE A It'S VISIT PAID.
Parisians JCnriehrd to the Extent of
Orer * 16,000,000.
PARIS, France, Nov. 4.— The Radical
members of the Chamber have decided to
withdraw their intended interpellation
of the Government concerning the ex
penditure of public moneys for the enter
tainment of the Czar without the authority
of tne Committee on finance, the fact
having been shown that the last budget
contained a paragraph allowing extraor
dinary expenditures to be made for the
reception of any foreign visitors to the
republic. The storekeepers also have
protested to the Radicals that any stir
ring up of the question of the entertain
ment of the Czar might militate against
future visits of royal personages, and
thus deprive them of considerab.e trade.
That there is logic in this protest is
evidenced by the Government return jnst
issued, and which shows that the sum
expended for hotel accommodations and
in stores, places of amusement and else
where by visitors to Paris during the
fetes in honor of the Czar exceeded
$16,000,000.
Effect of McKiniey's Election on Business
LONDON, Eno., Nov. 4 —Walter Byrnes
of the American banking-house of Morgan
& Co. is authority for the statement that
enormous orders have been received for
the purchase of stocks of merchandise,
many of which have been pending the
election ol McKinley for execution. Th> re
has been a lart;e buying movement only
tern re red trim a fear of renewed exports
of gold to the United States, which wonid
lichten the money market. Therefore the
election has been awaited.
To Solvn the Armenian Question.
LONDON, Ewo., Nov. 4.— The Rome
correspondent of the Daily News claims
to have authority for the statement which
he telegraphs to that paper that the pow
ers are workinp actively to solve the Ar
menian question, and that anyhow a pro
visional solution will be to recognize a
military occupation as the only remedy.
It has not yet been agreed which power
will undertake the occupation.
The Campaign in the Soudan.
CAIRO, Egypt, i»ov. 4.— General Sir
H. H. Kitchener, commander in cbief of
the Egyptian troops, started for London
this morning for th* purpose of conferring
with the British War Office in regard to
the immediate advance of the Anglo-
E.:yptian-Soudan expedition from Don
gola to Khartoum.
Fi-tUtnjh l.c* Arrirrs at JVetc York.
NEW YORC, N. V., Nov. f-Consnl-
Genera! Fiizhugh Lee was a passenger on
board the Ward » line steamer Vigilancia,
which arrived in quarantine to-night from
Havana. * Owing to the lateness of "the
hour the General could not be seen. , -
. >-;' " ♦ ' —
*in Franciscans Going Abroad.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 4.-Among
those who will sail to-morrow on the Au
iMista Victoria lor Hamburg are Mr. and
Mrs. Andrew Dickinson of San Francisco.
BATTLE RETURN IN NEGRUES.
Several Shot a»d Further Trouble Ist
/.o"ked For
WINCHESTER, Ky., Nov. 4.— A fight
occurred in Poinieraville to-day. Henry
Young (colored), was shot through the
right breast; Canty Murray (colored), shot
in the face and leg broken; Harry Hag
gard (colored), wounded in the lee;
Tucker and Erson and John T. Jones Jr.
(white), each shot In the leg. Young c»n
not recover. The others are not seriously
hurt. The trouble arose uver the at
tempted arrest of Bill Bly and Bob Hag
gard (colored) for misdemeanor. A num
ber of men are patrolling the streets with
shotguns, and further trouble is expected.
A Laurel Vineyarditit's Serious Mishap.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Nov. 4.— W. W.
Waterman, a prominent vineyardist and
rancher from Laurel, fell twenty feet into
the deep creek of Glenwood last evening
while conveying election returns. He fell
upon the rocks and sustained severe in
juries, and only for the timely rescue of
Mr. Martin his unconscious condit ; on
would have ended in death. His condi
tion is quite precarious. Mr. Waterman
in a well known in San Francisco, where
he formerly resided.^
KILLER BY A TRAIN.
G. L. Xichola Meets Heath on a Railroad
Iroiminn at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 4.— A man
named G. L. Nichols was struck by a train
and killed on the outskirts of the city this
morning. Nichols tried to drive across
the track at the corner of First and R
streets. He paid no attention to the warn
in}; bell rincing from the crossinc. The
train struck the wagon, throwing Nichols
thirty feet or more. He was picked up
and taken to a private hospital near by,
where he died a few minutes later. De
ceased was the son of a nrominent farmer
living near the city, and was employed as
foreman of a street improvement com
pany.
Racing at JLatonia.
LATONIA, KY., Nov. 4,— Five and a half fur
longs, J. H. C. won, Roy Caruthers secoud,
Stockholm third. Time, 1:12^.
Six furlongs, High Test won, Judith C sec
and, Willie W third. Time, 1:18},'.
One mile, Satsum* won, Barth second, Grey
Eclipse thud. Time, 1:46?^.
One and a KfxteenUi mi.es, Casswou, imp.
Skate second, Paul Pry third. Time, I:s3'^.
Five furlongs, VValthen won, Minnie Murphy
second, Elgiltha third. Time, 1:15^.
HE HAS A LI
HUNG CHANG COAT
The Latest Creation of the
King of the Dudes
Causes Applause.
A Rare and Radiant Collection
of Ties Brought From
Kansas City.
James Waldere Kirk, the king of the
dudes, oftentimes spoken of as the suc
cessor to Barry Wall, because of the
unique and varied assortment of raiment
that he possesses, is at the Palace. The
king brought along with him from the
East this time three trunfcs packed to their
utmost with clothing. In the varied col
lection are neckties of such extraordinary
patterns that they are the wonder of all
who have beheld them. Some are emerald,
cardinal and turquoise in color. Others are
checked and ciiss-crossed with black and
white, making them look much like the
trousers of a gambler in a mining camp.
However, Mr. Kirk is very discreie in
the use of his selection of ties. He knows
when to use one to fit the occasion, so he
says; but probably the greatest thing that
he brought with him here was a unique
garment which he calls the Li Hung
Chang coat. It is a brown overcoat and is
big enough for two gentlemen of the size
of KirK.
"This coat is my latest creation," said
he last night at the .Palace. "It is made
of a beautiful seal-brown material, the
cloth being a special color and finish. It
is made to fit v ecy loose, in fact so loose
that it might be able to contain two or
three men of my size. The shoulders are
bunt out two in ches wider than would be
required for an ordinary coat. This is to
carry the immense back or to produce the
Li Hung Chang effect, as ii might be
termed.
"There is a perfect fitover the shoulder-,
but two large folds start middle-ways and
hang in perfect fulness to the bottom
of the coat.
"Each of the folds in the back contains
about twelve inches of cloth extra auove
the amount required for the regular
proportions of u»e back. The seams of
the coat are overlaid with a strap of the
same material half an inch wide, which
produces a beautiful effect. The bottom of
the sleeves are stitched six times and of
the same width as the strap. This elves
them the appearance of a finished cuff.
"You will see I have pockets galore —
four outside and four inside, but the out
s.de pockets are not for u.«e. They are all
pnt on as a patch with flaps. A coat of
this design would look very unfinished
without tnem. But to stuff <t lot of things
into them would make the coat hang
very badly. Therefore I don't use them.
The inside pockets can be used, as they
are so made that they hang separate from
the cloth or lining.
"The cloth was made by an English
woolen manufacturer and sent direct to
me and ihen constructed by ruy tailor, as
you see.
"I take great pleasure In stating that I
never had a garment made in New York
that vat superior to this.
'•There is no veiy great change in other
garments, except that the trousers are
üboutan inch smaller, both on knee and
bottom. The cv away and sack coats are
about two inches shorter.
"The double-breasted waistcoat is much
in favor now, especially in sack suits
made of cloth that carries a decided stripe.
"In trousers checks en shepard plaids
are essentially the tning for afternoon,
worn with frock coat and silk hat,
"The swell traveling suit is a shepard
plaid double-breasted coat and waistcoat;
cap to match.
"The round-toed shoe is just beginning to
make its appearance out here, although I
jredicted and adopted them two years
ago.
"About the scarf-ring which I brought
into use a year ago. I have several of the
most popular ones. They are set with
rubies and diamonds and emerald and
diamonds. Fancy waistcoats are very
popular, especially for driving or bicy
cling. I usually wear red while cycling."
Mr. KirK is only lacking in the yellow
jacket and three-eyed peacock leathers of
tbe Chinese statesman and diplomat to
make him bear a striking resemblance to
him. The Li Hung Chang overcoat ha*
been observed by guests of the Palace
with many outward signs of admiration.
The ties, which have been liicened unto
the coat of Joseph because of their numer
ous colors, were imported from Kansas
City. The overeat, trouserings and other
clothing are from that city and the East.
SPEAKER REED
AT PALO ALTO
A Few Words to Sludents
by the Man From
Maine.
Seeks to Show the Distinction
Between Learning and
Wisdom.
NO REFERENCE TO POLITICS.
"One Should Make Use of All He
Learns in This Exceedingly
Practical World."
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal,, Not.
4. — Stanford was visited for a short time
this morning by the Hon. Tom Reed. He
addressed a few remarks to the students,
but not a word as to politics nor the elec
tion.
Mr. Reed and his party drove to the
quadrangle in the Palo Alto 'bus. The
students enthusiastically encircled it and
when some one asked, "What's the matter
with Tom Reed?" the hearty response,
"He's all rrght, you bet, every time! 1 '
showed that Maine's favorite son held a
favored position in the hearts of the Stan
ford students.
Seeing that his audience would be satis
fied only with some expression from him
he Kindly consented to give a brief, in
formal talk. When introduced by Dr. Jor
dan Mr. Reed dismounted from the 'bus
and said :
"I see that presidents of universities, in
common with students and others, do not
fail io entrap the unwary traveler. I did
not intend to speak, but when in the com
pany of colleee students college recollec
tions crowd upon us. There is one thin?
I would like to impress upon you, and
that is tbe difference between learning
and wisdom. In passing through China
town in San Francisco I noticed that
tho i e who had ' the necessary tools for
their trade were considered thoroughly
educated. Universities fit us for the
affairs of life; they furnish the tools. Un
less use is made of them there is mental
degeneration. Wisdom is simply digested
learning. This is an exceedingly practical
world and one should make use of all he
learns."
HIGH GLEE AT PALO ALTO.
Much Enthusiasm Ovtr the Result of
tn,- Election.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Nov.
4.— Students here are generally rejoicing
over the result of the election, though the
Bryan men are wearing ill-concealed signs
of their disappointment at the defeat of
their candidate. Great crowds of students
filled the gymnasium to receive the re
turns, and as the figures were thrown on
the screen the McKinley enthusiasts had
food for their cheers and yelling, while
the Bryan supporters were in a most
quiescent state, and managed to create a
noise only when the returns from Montana
began io come in.
A straw ballot taken in the hall of all
those present showed that the McKinley
followers outnumbered the Bryan shout
ers by fifty votes, and that she sixth
amendment, if left to that single assem
bly, would carry Dy but five votes out of
nearly 160.
This morning Dr. Jordan, in addressing
one of his classes, expressed his pleasure
and satisfaction at the result of t. c elec
tion, and said that a statement made by
Hon. Tom Reed to him during tbe fore
noon expressed his own opinion exactly.
In substance tne statement was as follows:
"fhi-« ereat victory of Republican princi
ples is not tbe result of a contest between
North and South, or East and West, nor a
match of classes, nor even a victory of
Republicans over true Democrats, for true
Democrats have shown their loyalty and
I patriotism as clear! v as the Republicans;
! out it is an cverwhelmine decision on tho
part of the commercial paople of this
country, that they don't want its business
interfered with nor its prospects subjected
to experiment."
Professor Ross was completely astounded
at the result of the election and wouldn't
believe Bryan defeated, especially in Illi
nois and Indiana, until this morning.
DR. JORDAN'S EASTERN TRIP.
Will Confer With the I' resident on Bering
Sea Sealina.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Nov.
4. — Dr. Jordan leaves to-morrow evening
for the East, when he will personally pre
sent a statement to members of the Presi
dent's Cabinet in regard to the sealing in
Bering Sea, and suggestions, from a sci
entific standpoint, of the disastrous re
sults of such sealing. Dr. Jordan is hope
ful that the Governuient will at once ar
range with Great Britain for some method
of suppressing illegal sealing. He states
that the English scientists and commis
sioners with whom he has discussed the
subject agree that some international plan
should be adopted immediately. It will
be several weeks before Stanford Univer
sity's president will be able to return to
California.
PORTLAND CROOKS SENTENCED.
Two Old Offenders Oo to the: Penitentiary
for 'Three lenrs,
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 4.— C. T. Moore
and George Betz, two old San Quentln
inmates, were sentenced to three years
each in the Oregonian penitentiary to
day by Judge Stephens. They were con
victed of robbing Olipbant it Co.'s safe
of $80. Both men were implicated in the
wholesale theft of a large quantity of
silks in California, and Moore was con
victed and sent up under the name of
Martin. Betz was also in for robbery.
They are two of the smoothest crooks on
the coast and they seemed to have money
and friends, for every effort was made to
disprove the charges against them.
Robert Duvaile, another man not un
known to the detectives, was a member of
the trio and an indictment waits for him,
but he has not been caught.
frequent Burglaries at Santa. Barbara.
. . SANTA BARBARA, Cat.., Nov. Dur
ing ■ the absence of . the ; Hawley family
from their residence last night the atten
tion of the only occupant, a Chinese ser
vant, was attracted by the prying open of
a. window. He .hastily called ui> the po
lice department by telephone. When the
officers arrived the buruiar had decamped.
He is supposed to be the same person who
burglarized: the residence of Dr. McTain
ley a short : time ; ago. Burglaries are be
coming frequent of late, but it is supposed
the officers have a clew to the guilty. party.
'K-' — ♦ '— ' •' . ." ■.
found Dead in a Sacramento Hotel.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 4. — The
dead body of Fred Jackson, a well-known
young man of Walnut Grove in this
county, was discovered in the lavatory of
the State House hotel shortly after 1
o'clock to-day. Deceased had been resid
ing at the hotel for the past three months
and was in tbe last stages of consump
tion. It is thought that a severe tit of
coughing brought on a hemorrhage and
he bled to death.
MAG ALIA SALOON FATALITY.
Mark Curran's Keek firoken W/iile Re
*i*Hng an Invitation to Dr>nk.
OROVILLE, Cal., Nov. 4.— Last even
ing a crowd was in a saloon at Magalia
drinking. A. J. Jordan asked Mart Cur
ran with others to "come and have a
drink."
Not coming fast enough Jordan caught
Curran around the nock and jerked him
off bis feet. In falling Curran's neck be
came twisted and Jordan tailing on him
broke hi- neck, causing death in five min
utes. Curran's remains will be shipped
to Smartsville to-morrow, wh?re he has
relatives. He was 40 years of age.
Held to Anstcer at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 4— Carlos
Manyn Jr., son of the Rev. Carlos Martyn,
known as the "Parkhurst of Chicago,"
was helii to answer in tho Police Court to
day in the sum of $2000 to an wer to a
cnarge of obtaining money under false
pretenses. He represented that he had
fallen heir to a vast fortune in Washing
ton, D. C, and succeeded in victimizing a
number of people by getting them to in
dorse worthless checks.
Wife. Murderer Barth-lman Captured.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., 4.— John B. Bar
thelman, who murdered his wife last
evening and escaped, was arrested this
morning in this city by Police Officer
Vingnes. A bottle of laudanum found
in Barthelman's pocket leads to the be
lief that he contemplated suicide with the
drug.
Cotthidrd the Wrong Man.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 4.— Gustave
de Levereaux, a Frenchman, started out
to cowhide Colonel H. G. Otis, editor of
the Times, to-day, but mistook L. N.
Breed, a prominent barber, for the news
paper man, and cut the barber's face with
a whip. De Levnreux opposed Otis because
of his paper's adverse views on silver, the
colonel havinc previously written him up.
PROSPERITY HAS COME
Effect of McKiniey's Election on
the Pennsylvania Rail
road Shops.
More Days ani Hours of Work fcr
Idle Men and a Considerab c
Advance in Wages.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 4.— The Leader
publishes the following this afternoon:
For about three years the skilled work
men employed in the Pennsylvania Rail
road's shops, between Pittsburg and Al
toona, have been *vorking only five days
in the week and only eight hours a day.
This morning the general superintendent
of tho division issued an order r< storine
all shopmen to work full time at sir or
seven days a week, as desired by the men,
at twelve hours a day and at an advance
in the wages of 10 cents per day all around
Notice to the above effect was posted at*
6 o'clock this morning in the Twenty
eighth and Thirtieth-street shops. As a re
sult 600 idle men, who had anticipated the
turn of affairs, were on hand and went to
work. To-morrow the order will go into
at the Walls and Altoona shops. Mr.
Chandler, ceneral secretary of the road's
department of the Y. M. C. A., stated that
the above order is the effect of yesterday's
election. Inquiry at the office of General
Agent Robert Pitcairn failed to secure a
continuation of the report. The informa
tion, they say, must come from Altoona.
NEW TO-DAT.
Suits
and
Overcoats
Made to Order
4-DAYS ONLY-4
SUITS
AND OVERCOATS
Made to Order
At tliß Following Riiiculonsly Low Prices :
MEN'S ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SUITS, made to djiA AA
order. Regular price $15 ; for this week only $.!"•""
MEN'S FINE BUSINESS SUITS, made to order,
best tailored and fine fitting. Regular price tfsiQ KA
$15 ; for this week - - - $10.«MJ
MEN'S FINE BUSINESS, as well as DRESS
SUITS, 25 styles of the latest patterns in Chev-
iots, Tweeds and Cassimeres. Regular prices $£)A AA
$25, $27 50 and $30 ; for this week .... $iV,VV
See our Enormous Lines of OVERCOATS, in fine
ready made or made to order, and if we cannot SAVE YOU
AT LEAST 33i PER CENT ON YOUR PURCHASE you
can have any Overcoat for nothing.
1 SllllffD S CO.,
924-930 Market Street,
USAL'S MURDER MYSTERY
Mudp-ett, the Recluse, Supposed to
Have Had Much Hidden
Weath.
Two Suspects Closely Watch d—Ar
rival of O.'fic rs From Uklah
Anxiously Awaited.
USAL, Cal., Nov. 4. —Election day pre
vented the Sheriff and officers leaving
Ukian for the sceno of the Mudgett mur
der and incendiarism, although urgent
appeals were made by telegraph to county
officers !o come to Usal, as additional evi
dence had been secured against suspected
parties. It is a ninety-mile overland drive
from Ukiah to Usal, and developments
will be necessarily slow until the otficera
reach the scene. Two persons are sus
pected, and the nature of the evidence is
such that an immediate arrest will follow.
It U impossible to break the discreet cau
tion of the residents of Usai, who bold
that the least incaution or reflection would
put to flight the parties they believe to be
guilty of the crime.
Additional evidence bearing on the mo
tive of tbe crime was made more clearly
evident yesterday when a careful search
of the hall-burned house revealed every
article of value missing. The tact that
Mudgett was generally known to possess
wealth, has made his murder no general
surprise to old residents of the com
munity. The murdered man lived a sort
of a recluse life, confining: himself closely
to his own immeii-e domains. The rev
enue from his large cattle and sheep ranch
was being hoarded and is believed to have
been principally concealed about the
place. He employed no essistants to aid
him in conducting the vast amount of care
necessary to couduct his ranch. He was a
diligent worker and kept constantly busy.
The Coroner's inquest will not be con
ducted until after the arrival of the
Sht-riff, when developments of a sensa
tional nature are expected to follow.
COLLAPSE OF THE ST. PAUL.
After Many Days' Buffeting on the Moss
Beach Rocks the Steamship
Goes to Pieces.
PACIFIC GKOVE, Cal.. Nov. 4— The
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer St. Paul, which ran upon iha
rocks at Mos* Beach, near here, in August
last and which has stood firm against the
terrific force of the breakers that have
thundered upon it in the interim, has at
last gone to pieces. About 10 o'clock yes
terday morning at high tide the waves
dashed upon the dismantled hull with
such furry that it could not enduro the
strain longer and collapsed.
Tbe rocks and beach about the scene of
the wreck are strewn with wreckage.
Parts of the cabin and deck fixtures,
pieces of chairs and table which were left
upon the vessel when she was abandoned,
bits of wood and other things from the
damaged cargo which remained aboard,
and even the parts of a surrey, are to be
found upon tne beach. The masts and
rigging and the bolts and heavy iron from
the hull may be seen further out, and at
low tide the engines and boilers are dis
cernible firmly fixed upon the points of
rock that so long held the entire ship.
Seamen hereabouts consider it wonder
ful that the St. Paul should have re
mained intact so long, for the waves at
the place where she lay »ra at all times
violent and the wind has a sweep of great
force upon the laud. Crowds of people
have been to view the remains of the
wreck to-day and bits of dnltwood of all
sizes and shapes have been carried away
for mementoes.
34
NO BALM
FOR BRYAN
McKinley's Plurality in
This State Grows
Apace.
LIKELY TO REACH TEN
THOUSAND.
Country Precincts Add to the
Gains Recorded in San
Francisco.
DEMOCRATS GET ONLY TWO
CONGRESSMEN.
McLachlan in the Sixth and Bowers
in the Seventh Will Be
Returned.
McKinley's plurality in California will
reach nearly 10,000. Yesterday's strag
gling returns showed Republican gains in
all sections of the State, and the hope of
the fusionist managers and sympathizers
that Bryan would pass the Ohio states
man when the country precincts were
heard from was not realized. The plu
rality grew and grew, s'.owly bnt surely.
until at midnight it had reached 6931,
with 26S precincts to bear from. Later
returns are likely to add from 1000 to 3000
to these figures.
The vote for each candidate, as counted
up to midnight, was: McKiniey 133,291.
Bryan 126.36 L San Francisco, with one
precinct to hear from, gave McKiniey 30,
-84 S. Bryan 30,452, a Republican plurality
of 396.
The Legislature is certain to be Re
publican on joint ballot and a United
States Senator, who will assist President
McKiniey in his proposed tariff reforms,
will be elected at the coming session.
The Congressional situation has not
changed and California's delegation will
consist of five Republicans and two Demo
crats. In the Sixth and Seventh districts
the result was in doubt up to a late hour
last night, but tbe Republican candidates
retained their lead and seemed assured of
victory.
In the former district the vote at the
midnight compilation was: McLachlan
R. 15. 301, Barlow F. 17.247. Bowers R. in
the Seventh had 17,861 to Castle's F.
17.683. The missing precincts are not
likely to materially change this result.
Coneressman Bowers telegraphed to
The Call at 10 o'clock:
Incomplete returns show my election by 170
Plurality. W. YV. Bowers.
California has responded nobly to the
Nation's csll, and its voice is heard in the
chorus that sings excitingly of the tri
umph over repudiation, disorder and as
saults on the industries of the country.
FIRST DISTRICT.
HUMBOLDT.
EUREKA, Cal., Nov. 4.— The excite
ment over the election has continued here
all day and crowds have thronged the
headquarters of both parties. Since the
returns commenced coming in last nigbt
the Republicans have been confident and
jubilant, while the fusionists have been
correspondingly dubious and downcast.
The hopes of the latter were revived to
night by an alleged telegram from the
State chairman, claiming California and
the election of Bryan.
This county can be counted on for a
ma jority of 600 for Ai tKinley. The silver
leaders are greatly surprised at the Re
pnblican vote.
Protoction rather than the financial
question was the issue here, especially in
the wool-growing districts. Never were
so many ttraipht Repuiican tickets voted
here before. The Congressional and legis
lative rights were the hottest ever Known.
Cutler for Congress was slaughtered in his
own town and county.
Monteith cut no figure, receiving only
67 votes in the city precincts. Iv these
same precincts Baruani (R. ) obtained 1103
and Cutler 9SI, with the wool precincts to
hear from.
For State Senator thirty out of sixty
precincts of the county jrive GiUett R. 2190,
and Haynes F. 1716. * GiUett also carries
Del Norte. Haynes 1 stronghold, by 75.
Twenty-one ou; o! thirty-six precincts in
the Second Assembly District give Hill R.
1117, Devlin F. 994.
Eleven precincts out of twenty-four in
the Third Assembly District give Dajnon
(R.) 794, Waddington (fusion) 620. The
remaining precincts are in what is known
as the sheep country, which is solidly lor
protection snd will swell these majorities.
Conservative estimates. place that of Gil
lett lor State Senator at 900, and those of
HUI and Damon for the Assembly at 250
and 300 respectively.
The total vote of* tbe county was about
6000. Tbe thirty precincts give McKiniey
2100 and Bryan 1700.
SISKIYOU.
YREKA, Cal., Nov. 4.— Twenty-nine
precincts out of forty-two in this county
give Bryan 173 majority. The remaining
precincts will probably raise his majority
in the county to 250. The Democrats
have always claimed Siskiyou by 500.
JtJarham, Republican Congressional nomi-
Dee. is running ahead of his ticket and
will probabiy be almost even with Cutler.
"William Strain, Republican nominee for
the Assembly, is elected by over 200
majority in "the district comprising Del
None and Siskiyou counties. Judge
Beard, Republican" is re-elected by an
overwneiminc majority. The sixth amend
ment isdefeated in this county.
MARIN.
SAN RAFAEL, Cau. Nov. 4.— The total
Tote of this county for Presidential elect
ors is 2310. the plurality for McKiniey be
ing 592. The official returns will add to
this total about 40, scattered over the tick*
ets of the minor parties. Barham's plu
rality is 569. For Sta:e Senator 615 ma
jority for l'ickinson. For Assemblyman
472 plurality for Canavan. Tuis includes
every precinct, and the official returns
will make no material changes.
Leading- Republicans here are of the
opinion that Mann County must lay claim
to being the banner Republican county of
the State, and take steps to ascertain if
she is not the rightful successor to Los
Angeles in this regard. Marin's Republi
can majority is more than 25 per cent of
the entire vote of the county, which is
claimed to be a higher proportion than any
other county can show.
SHASTA.
REDDING, Cal., Nov: 4.— Complete re
turns from Redding. Old Diggings, Happy
Valley, Dryiien, Fr nch Gulch and Pa
cbeco gave a total vote as follows: Mc-
Kiniey 367. Bryan 507; Cutler F. 404, Bar
ham R. 402, Shanahan ±\ 370, Scranton D.
206, Conant R. 305. For Superior Judge,
Bell D. 266, Sweeney R. 624. The vote in
Redding on tbe amendments shows these
majorities nsrninst them: No. 1, 231; No.
2, 143; No. 3, 226; No. 4, 95; No. 5, 234; No.
9, 108.
MENDOCINO.
UKIAH, Cal., Nov. 4.— Thirty-two pre
cincts in this county give Bryan 62 plur
ality, Cutler F. for Congress 28. There
are nineteen precincts, wiih an estimated
Republican plurality of 125, still to hear
irom. Sanford D. lor the Asembly will
doubtless be elected. Mannon R. is elected
Superior Judge by a small majority.
SONOMA.
PETALUMA, Cal., Nov. 4.— Petaluma
complete gives McKiniey 447, Bryan 372.
For Congress, Barham R. 410, Cutler f.
324. For Superior Judces, Burnett 516,
Dougherty 510, Sims 336. Ware 256. For
Assemblyman, Price R. 387, Gallaway D.
321. For amendment No. 6 300, against
454.
SECOND DISTRICT.
BUTTE.
CHICO, Cal., Nov. 4.— The Republicans
own this city and the county by a good
majority, and are having the full benefit
of the vic%ory. Nearly all the precinct
returns are in. Those still missing are in
the mountains and have small votes.
Thirty precincts out of fifty-five give Mc-
Kiniey 1544, Bryan 1474. Tbe vote for
Bryan represents the aggregate vote of
the Democrats and Populists. These
sine precincts two years ago trave an
aggregate Demo- Populist vote of 371 more
than the Republican vote. The Repub
licans this year have seventy-five more
than the two combined, a net gain in the
precincts of 447. At tbe same ratio, the
twenty-five precincts yet to be heard from
will increase the majority for McKiuley to
about 150 votes. This is a wonderful gain
for the party— in fact an avalanche to the
i Democrats, who had counted on a clear
majority of 500, while the best informed
Republicans had at all times conceded to
idem a majority ot 200 or 300.
DeVries ran ahead of his ticket, snow
ing Johnson under by a majority of 400
or 500.
Judge Gray's victory over Long D. will
be by about 1200 or 1300. There was quite
a hard right for Assemblyman. Stansel
and Thresher heve been exceedingly ac
tive since their nomination. Stansel R.
will go back to his old seat in tbe Assem
bly. The Democrats in the First Super
visor District elected their man, Ormsbv.
The bjard remains Republican, so i"ar as
learned.
The sixth amendment has carried by a
majority of 1000. The women made an
earnest fight and this is the result of
their labor.
SACRAfIENTO.
SACRAMENTO, Ca* . Nov. 4.— For the
first time in years Sacramento County has
gone Democratic, giving Bryan a majority i
of 85 votes. The votes from all the scat
tering precincts with the exception of two
of the farthest outlying and most insienifi-'
cant have been received. The total fol
lows: McKiniey 4564, Bryan 4930, I^ever
ing£3, Palmer 82, Matchett 59, Bentley 34,
Coulter 106, De Vrie3 3yJ6, Johnson 5249.
The Legislative candidates were elected
from this county by the following votes:
GLllis Doty, Stale Senator (F.), 4042.
against 3806 for J. C. Brusie (R.) ami 850
for G. M. Dixon, Independent Republican;
William M. Sims, Republican candidate
for Assembly, Twentieth Dhtrier, by a
vote of 1453. as against 1213 for M. J. Cur
tis, fusion, and 320 for C. M. Beck with,
Independent Republican ; Scott F. Ennis,
candidate for Assemblyman from the
Twenty-first District, 1746. against 1116 for
A. Mazzini, fusion, and 622 for W. F. Pur
nell, Independent Republican; L. M.
Landsboronsh. fusion, Twemy-s-cond
District, 1346, as against 1140 for W. E.
Lovdal, Republican.
SAN JOAQUIN.
• STOCKTON, Cal., Nov. 4.— San Joaqnin
County gives Bryan 22 plurality. The
vote for electors is: McKiniey 3473, Bryan
People's party 348, Bryan Democrat 3147,
Prohibition 461, National Democratic 47,
National party 38. For Congress De Vries
has a handsome majority. The vote is:
Coulter 168, De Vries 4216. Johnson 2594.
For State Senator: Ben Landlord D. 2768
Swain A. P. A 2013, Thresher R. 2136.
Assembly— Twenty-sixth District: Austin
R. 1617. Brings A. P. ; A. 140, Pierce D.
1373; Twenty-fifth District: Forman D
P. 15^4. Golds worthy A. P. A. S4O. John
son R. 1244, These are from returns from
every precinct in the county and are final.
. ■ . ♦ :—: —
TLOLU.TNE.
SONORA. Cal., Nov. 4.— This county,
with three precincts to hear from out of
twenty-seven, gives Bryan 1224, McKin
iey 's 801. DeVries D. for Congress 1010,
Johnson R. 542. McCandlish D. for the
Assembly has 944 and C. C. Ortega R. 1079,
with Mariposa to hear from, which will
give McCandlish, according to a telephone
dispatch. 450 majority, insuring bis elec
tion. The three precincts to hear irom
will swell Bryan's majority at least 60,
making it about 473 in toe county.
PLACER.
NEWCASTLE. Cal., Nov. 4.— Following
is the vote in this precinct: Republican
Electors 58, Democratic 48, Populist 59,
Prohibition (Robert Thomson) 1, National
Democratic 1, National Prohibition 6. For
Congress. De Vries 56, Johnson 55. For
Senator, Chapman F. 59, Swisler R. 62.
For the Assembly. Power R. 52, Runckel
F. 7L For Superior Judge, Fulweiler R.
37, Prewett P. 89.
THIRD DISTRICT.
SOLANO.
SUISUN, Cal., Nov. 4.— J. J. Luchsin
ger R. was elected State Senator and
Aiden Anperson R. Assemblyman by the
voters of Solano County. Luchsinger de
feated Raleigh Barcar, the Democratic
nominee, by 5 majority. McKinley's plu
rality in all the votine precir.cts'oufside
of Valleio is 236 and Uilborn'* is 173. A.
J. Buckles, lor Judee of the Sur>erior
Court, defeated the Democratic nominee,
M. Clarkpn, by over 600 votes. I» the
First and Second districts G. A. Berghall.
R., and D. M. Fleming D. were eiected
Supervisors. In the Fifth District J. M.
Sullivan R. defeated Peter Cook for Su
pervisor.
LAKE.
LAKEPORT. Cal.. Nov. 4. — Returns
from sixteen out of twenty-six precincts
in Lake County give Bryan 2-53 majority.
Enclish for Congress 120 majority, La Rue
296 majority. Returns from seventeen
precincts give Crump 200 majority for Su
perior Judge. Frank Smythe was elected
Supervisor in District 1, Louis Henderson
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
in District 6 and George A. Lyon in Dis
trict 4.
FIFTH DISTRICT.
SANTA CLARA.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Nov. 4.— By the latest
returns, almost complete, the vote stands
in this county: Bryan 4930, McKiniey
5992.
McLaurin (D.), who was believed yester
day to have been elected to the Assembly
from the Fifty-fifth Diatrict, is now one
vote behind Kelsey (R.), and the friends
of the latter confidently claim his election.
j Gass (R.), who was at first reported to
] have been defeated for City Justice by J.
I R. King, is certainly eiected by about 120
plurality. Tbe only Democrat elected in
Santa Clara County is M. JI. Hyland for
Superior Judge.
The following were tbe officials elected
in this county: Senator, Ihirty-first Dis
trict, H. V. Morehouse; Assemblyman,
Fifty-fourth District, Norman E. Mal
colm; Assemblyman, Fifty-nfth District,
J- D. Kelsey; Assemblyman, JFifty-stxth
District, M. E. Arnench; Superior Judges,
W. G. Lorigan, M. H. Hyland; Super
visors—Second District, Paul P. Austin;
Third District, Fred M. Stern; Fifth Dis
trict, S. F. Ayer; City Justice, J. W. Gass.
The vote on Congressman in Santa Clara
County was as follows: Loud 5264, Kinne
2213, Kelly 1842.
SIXTH DISTRICT.
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 4.— Owing
•to a few returns from some of the close
States of the East favorable to tke Bryan
cause, liberally doctored by a local news
paper, a howling gang of demo-pops has
had possession of the town to-night, de
spite the almost positive assurance of Me-
Kiniey's election. The legislative ticket
in the county stands six - Republican to
one fusionist, William Mead, who de
feated George F. McCullock in the
Seventy-third Assembly District by a re
duced majority.
The combine between Steve Cator and
Tom White has met with merited rebutce
at the latter's own home. Johnston Jones,
fusion candidate for the State Senate, is j
the especial fiiend of White. He was ,
nominated at "Our Steve's" dictation, and
White, residing in Jones' district, gave !
the latter's candidacy special attention .
and rendered all the assistance in his !
! power. Jones has been overwhelmingly j
j defeated by Robert N. Bulla. The other
1 Republicans elected to the Legislature,
from this county are Walter S. Melick, J.
C. Vossburg, iJrewster C. Kenyon, L. H.
Valentine and Captain John Cross.
All four Superior Judges on the Repub
j lican-ticket have been elected by large |
I majorities, except B. N. Smith, whose .
! majority is comparatively small. Morri- I
j son and Owens, Republicans, have been ■
; elected City Justices, and two out of three
] Republicans Supervisors.
. The McKiniey electors carried the
I county by 1015, while Congressman Mo
v Lachlan's majority in the -county is only
I 36L , • . .i
The Republican Central Committee of
Los Angeles County has compiled the fol- I
lowing totals, taken from returns made j
by election officials, seven precincts only
j being missing: Republican electors 16,
-1 462, Democratic 15,314; Congressional,
, James McLacblan Republican 15,035, j
Charles A. Barlow fusion 14,746.
Superior. Judges— M. R. Allen R.
15,931, Henry T. Hazard F. 14.945, Lucian
Shaw R. 16,183, George H. Smith F.
14,196. B. N. Smith R. 16,082, A. J. Utley
F. 12,820, W. H. CJark R. 17.994, M. E. C.
Mnnday 14,170. * -
State Senate— Thirty-seventh District,
| Robert N. Bulla R. 6967. Johnston Jones
F. 5245.
. . Assembly— Seventieth District, W. S.
: MelicK R. 3343, A. R. Sprague F. 2214;
Seventy-first District, J. O. Vossburg R.
! 2120, Frank J. Cattern F. 1746;
Seventy-second District, B. C. Ken-
J yon R. 1967, VV. R. Steele F. 1773;
Seventy-third District, William Mead
F. 2119, George F. McCuiloch R. 1592;
' Seventy-fourth District. L. H.Valentine
; R. 3728, W. L. Price F. 3105; Seventy-filth
I District, John Cross 11. 2562, S. A. \Va!dron
F. 2150.
Supervisors — Second District, R. E.
Wirsching R. 4033, George S. Pessell F.
! 3607; Fourth District, A. E. Davis R. 3366,
W. A. Morgan F. 2294; Filth District,
■ James Hauley F. 2623, E. E. Johnson R.
i 1743.
City Justices— M. T. Owens R. 8745,
! Grove S. Bartholomew F. 8-389, D. C. Mor
j rison R. 9309, C. O. Morgan It, 7743. The
; city has gone Democratic
PASADENA, Cal.. Nov. 4— The great-
I est vote ever polled in Pasadena was cast
! yesterday, being 2288. McKiniey got 1359
I Bryan 605, McLachlan (R.) 1211. Barlow
(F.)619. _^^__
SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. Nov. 4.— These are
Santa Cruz County returns complete:
McKiniey 2022, Bryan 2034. Congress
man: McLachlan R. 160, Barlow F. 1717.
Senator: Cassin F. 2028. Trout R. l -*>-;.
Assembly: Osborn R. 1792, Adridge F
1958.
Ihe Call's bulletin display was wit
nessed by 30X) persona last night and to
day. Intense interest is attached to the
National returns. The only local surprise
of thecampa:gn was the defeat of Judce
Logan for Superior Judge by Lucas F.
Smith.
SANTA BARBARA.
LOS OLIVOS, Cau, Nov. 4.— Complete
returns from all prec;ncts in the Third
Supervisor District show the election of
E. St. John (Republican) over the incum
bent, E. de la Cuesta, by a majority of 17.
Tnis was the hottest fight in thecounty.
The incumbent threatens to contest Bal
lard Precinct, in which" case St. John will
contest the Santa Ynez District.
VENTURA.
VENTURA, Cal., Nov. 4.— Ventura
County gives McKiniey 85 majority. To
land D. lor the Assemcly and Boyce R, for
the Senate carry the county.
SEVENTH DISTRICT.
SAN DIEGO.
SAN DIEGO, Cal , Nov. 4— Eighty out
of the eighty-six precincts of this county
have been heard from. The remaining
cix are: Aqua Caliente, Cargo Muchacho,
Picacho, Yuma, Smith Moumain and Oak
Grove. These cast 100 votes four years ago
and will not chance the result Bryan car
ries the county by less than 200. For Con
gress, Bowers, Republican, received a
plurality of 600.
Guy. Republican Assemblyman Seventy
ninth District, is elected by 256 plurality.
The Eightieth Assembly District is com
posed of the sixty-eight ontside precincts
of the county, and sixty precincts give the
following: Cox R. 1581, Dryrten P. 1625.
The precincts to hear from will bring Cox
up and he may win.
For Superior Judges. Torrance R. and
Hughes D. are elected by 200 and 100 plu
rality, respectively. Swallow and Cherry
R. and Jasper D. are elected to the Board
of Supervisors.
There yvas intense excitement to-night
as bulletins came in from State, Congres
sional district and county. Congressman
W. W. Bowers received private dispatches
showing that his plurality in the district
is about 200. His friends are much wor
ried, but Deiieve be will pull through.
The fight for Assemblymen in the Eigh
tieth District and the close contest tor
Superior Judges have enlivened the local
■ituation. Tne Democratic Central Com
mittee hds persistently claimed Ohio,
Indiana and many of the Middle Western
States for Bryan, and their headquarters
were crowded with Bryan men. wbo dis
played great enthusiaaru, claiming their
champion was ahead. At one time offers
were made for even bets on Bryan, but
hundreds of dollars of Republican money
was produced and no takers were found.
The indications are that the woman
suffrage amendment was carried in this
county, but figures are not obtainable.
FRESNO.
FRESNO, Cal,. Nov. 4.— There are still
several outlying Bryan precincts to hear
from, but a careful estimate places the
fusion candidate's plurality at about 1000.
The precincts beard from up to midnight
give Bowers for Congress 2261 and Castle
2'vJJ. Tbe remaining precincts v.itl in
crease Castle's plurality to about 400. In
the two Assembly districts Moultrie and
Cartwrignt. tbe fusion candidates, were
electod by large majorities.
In the Second Supervisorial District
Manly P. was elected by about 50 major
ity. Sayre D. was re-elected in the Fifth
District by 5 majority. Alexander E.
Smith was elected Supervisor in this city
by 68 majority, after a bitter struggle. It
was a signal victory scored by the Repub
lican party for nonest government.
The Democrats and Populists became
satisfied during the day tnat Bryan would
be elected and took their turn at making
a demonstation, as the Republicans had
done the night before. The Republicans
maintained confidence, however, and their
eiDectations of to-night's returns were
realized. During the afternoon the re
port was abroad on the streets tha-t Bryan
had been elected beyond question.
RIVERSIDE.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Nov. 4.— Thirty-nine
precincts in Riverside County gave the
following resnlts: McKiniey 2026, Bryan
1541, Bowers 2180, Castle 1141, Senator,
Jones R. 1673, Head D. 1198; Assembly-
men— Lindenberger R. 1657, Mason D. 1312.
There are only seven small precincts to
hear from and they will not affect the re
sult. The sixth amendment has a large
majority.
MERCED.
MERCED, Cal., Nov. 4.— lncomplete
returns from all but one precinot in this
county show the vote cast to be as follows:
Bryan 983, McKiniey 625. Castle 951, Bow
f.rs 563; for Assemb.y, Elliott F. 1051,
Emery R. 507; for Judge of Superior
Court, Law D. 709, Ostrander R. 644,
Farrar P. 445.
SAN BENITO.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Nov. 4— Complete
returns of San Benito County give Mc-
Kiniey 737. Bryan 937. For Senator—
Elliott D. 776, Flint R. 871. For Assem
blyman—Finch R. 771, Rubell D. 849. For
Superior Juage — Brigtrs R. 430, Dooling D.
993, May P. 179. Perry P., Breen R. and
Butts R. are elected Supervisors.
WASHINGTON.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 4.— Secretary
Maloney of the fusion campaign commit
tee estimates Bryan's plurality in this
State at least 10,000, and returns at hand,
while in a measure incomplete, bear out
hi? prediction. Lewis and Jor.es, free
silver Congressional candidates, will have
about ihs same plurality. On joint bal
lot Maloney estimates that tbe Legisla
ture will stand 78 fusionists to 34 Republi
cans.
Tlie vote will, with holdover members
in the Senate, in all probability stand two
to one. Rogers fov Governor is elected
over Sullivan, Republican candidate, by
about 800.
POftT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Nov. 4— ln
the lace of the probability that this State
has gone against McKiniey, Jefferson
County stands pre-eminent among the
communities that have placed the stamp
of disapproval upon Populism and us
attendant trimming* — repudiation and
anarchy.
The sound-money ticket was successful
in the county with but a single exception —
Superintendent of Schools — to which posi
tion Mrs. Ryan, tbe cand.date of tne
People' < ticket, was elected.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Nov. 4.— 360 pre
cincts out of ll<x) in the State give Mc-
Kiniey 17,703, Bryan 23,461.
This is about one-half of tbe vote of the
State.
SEATTLE, Wa=k., Nov. 4.— Secretary
Maloney of the fusion campaign commit
tee says the next State Legislature will
stand on joiut ballot 78 Fusionists and 34
Republicans.
m
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 4.— Latest re
ports at headquarters make no material
changes in Oregon's vote, as predicted la
earlier dispatches. Those counties not
beard from are isolated from communica
tion, and it may be a day or two before
official figures can be had on the State.
McKinley's majority in Oregon is
safe, ii is stated, over expectei gains of
Populists in eastern counties in tne State.
To-night's scattering returns go beyond
the conservative estimates of sound-money
managers.
NEVADA.
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 4.— Carson City
complete gives Bryar. 451, McKiniey £U7;
F. G. Newlands Siiver D. for Congress
309, M. J. Davis R. for Congress 16S, J. C.
Doughty Pop. for Congress 16S; M. A.
Murphy R. for Supreme Judge 379. W. A.
Ma?sey Silver D. for Supreme Judsre 292.
Later returns add to Bryan'* plurality.
Historical Prophecies That Failed.
In these times of cheap vaticination
ana short-dated prophecies, it may not be
amiss to cast a retrospective glance on a
few of the most monumental mistakes
ever achieved in this line. Here are a few
of these famous contributions to the his-
Tory of human error:
1. Aristotle said that slavery would last
forever, or would cease oniy when the
shuttle would weave of its own accord.
A double mistake this, for slavery is all
but abolished, and, thanks to invention,
the shuttle may be said to work of its own
accord.
2. "Before fifty years are overall Europe
will be republican or Cossack," prophe
sied the exile of St. Helena in the firstdec
ade of this century. We are nearinc now
its fag end, but "Old Yurrup" is less re
publican than ever, and is still some way
from universal Cossackery.
3. "Italy is but a geosrapbical expres
sion and will never be anything else,"
opined Princ* Metternich, and just before
his death he saw what he considered
Utopia on the point of becoming a reality.
4. "The railways will never be of any
use for the transport of goods," sane out
M. Thiers, leading a choius of sententious
i economists.
5. "There is no morrow for universal
suffrage." exclaimed M. Guizot on the eve
of the very revolution which sent him
into exile and promulgated universal suf
frage as sovereign law.
6. "Never," was M. Rouher's answer to
those asking after Mentana when Rome
would become the capital of Italy. A
very short time after the trick was aone.
7. "The United States of Europe," was
the prophecy of al! a.dent democrats from
Victor Huco to Carlo Cal taneo, and its ful
fillment was to take piace immediately
after the downfall of the Napoleonic em
pire. It is twenty-five years now since
that eventful moment, bat the states of
Europe are, if anything, more disunited
and more aggressive than ever.
Perhaps the ancients, who knew a thine
or two. were right in saying tnatthe future
is on the lap of gods.— St. James Gazette.
The largest orchard in Great Britain is
at Tottington, in the county of Gloucester.
It is 500 acies in extent and in some sea
sons yields its owner, Lord Sudley, a profit
of £10,000. The trees are chiefly apples
and plums.
THE VOTE OF CALIFORNIA.
2
0
c
I
■
n
p
j* 1892.
3
I
v
!
VOTK » 1
!96.
VOT»
If
c
c"
■
E
—
P
E
£
2
a
I
3
a
a
if I 1
a
si
<
•1
o
i
B
Counties.
COUNTIM.
a
P
<
o
■ • »
o
9
■
c
•
a
a
x
■
o
m
a.
rli f i
I r F I i-
-3
3
■ . i_
Alameda ...;..
Alpine
A in ad or
Hutte
Cataveras :....
Colusa. :
Contra Costa
l>el Sort* „.
El Dorado
Fresno .-.
Ulenn.....
Huniuoidl ■
Inyo
Kern . ..
Kings
Lake. ;;.;
Lassen
Los Angeles
Madera
Marie
Marlposa
Mend0c1n0.. .......:
Merced
Modoc .<
Mono ,
Monterey
Napa.
Nevada........
Orange
Placer... .;..
Plum as
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benlto
£>an Bernardino.
San Diefjo
Kan Francisco. '• .
San joaquin
8«n Luis Obispo
San Mate©
Pant a Barbara
Santa C1ara.....;.......
Santa Crnr
Shasta
Sierra
Sis kiy on "
Solano .■
Sonoma.
Stanislaus.
Sutler..
Tehama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuoiumne
Ventura
Yolo
Yuba .-;.
• 1
121 j
6
21
65
. 31
21
S3
8
36
73
.17
60
18
49
" 15
■20
22
150
•it
21
19
61
23
16
7
42
28
•1
27
48 -
17
48
67
18
64
85
. 313
' 5U 1
37
18 1 -
30
71
39
49
22
42
30
62
22
17
32 j
23
49
•27
'iri
25
22
I
'15,470
:■ ■-:- 8S '.
k.612
4,663
2.725
2.001!
3.138
644
2.646 -
e,B2'j
1,559
5,427
799
2,613
1.343
1,425
1,123
22.776
1,533
2.210 •
1,013
4.084
1,961
1,145
6^6
4,105
3,477
4.105 1
2.897
' 3.540 1
1,231
3.435
8.922
1.666
5,390
6,503
425
7,033
• 3,756
'2,161 «
3.519! '
11,389
4,) 15
2,888
1,370
3.225
4.879
6,946
2,542;
1.574
2.231 !
976
4,891)
1.880;
•2.7321
3,363
'2,380
: 1
87792""
. 65
1,1*5
2,183
1.355
645
1,631!
235]
1,150
2,42 7 j
528
2.416:
409
9.9
601 j
632!
540 1
10,226
5451
1.186!
404
1.709
78-'
4U6
256
1.709!
1,769
1.757
1.152
■ 1.743
642
1,745!
4,363
616
2.465:
3,001;
24,416
2.» 5 8
1.433
1,088
1.483
4.620 ■
1,843
1,234
787
1,493
. 2.403
3.016
89-'
745
969
495
1.483
789
1,283
1.372
1.079
: 1
7,121
17
1.25.S
2,139
1,*75
1.183
1,3!J1 ;
340
1.270
2,744
804
1.845
265
1,266
482;
647
624
8,116
614
94
527 1
2,025
994
696
166
i.eos
1.472
1.638
998
1,526
637
994
3.503,
759
1.899
1,986'
31,012
3,110
1.194
1,0191
1.V27
4,169
1.515
1.140:
629
1.603
2.170
3.447:
1,361
733
1,043
458
2,156
918
937
1711
1.202
"2,114 121 21.380 13,329 8,051
184 *-"i 9 ' "a. 394 • ' ' "1,637 i.iii
183 46 3 843 1.H55 1,798
a 75a 75 18 2440: 1,23=> I.l*l
191 21 2,135 630 1.288
121 33 3.278' 1.763 3.328
69 8 673 3431 32S
174 JU! 2.726 3 095 1.631
113 56 643 2.474 2.P32
383- 13 1245 436 770
1,036 41 " 4,802: 2.6U1 2,091
85 8 6vj 225 410
201 26 2,335 1,10. 1,173
328 15 1.619 714 g^S
208 li. 791 352 439
40 20' 966 461 505
3,086 107 22.690 11,831! 9,742
87 1 22 1-204! 452 752
69 21 2,358 1452 XSB
70 6 f»34 304 45«
158 37 3.66-» 1.632 1.703
1-261 19 1.730 643 1,028
10<» ! Si 614 214 3^B
77! 5 393 134 253
686 37 3.860 1,711 i 1.995'
173 24 8-201 1.846 1,258
616! 36 RMS' 1,838! i.f-9*
4so 27 8,953! 2053 1.801
185 31 2.422; 1,248; i.otjo
27 17 1,282 674 585
336 42 8,712 2,039 1,542
889 1 66! 0391 4.654 4.791
256 18 ; 1.834 803 9"1
693; 64 6.949 2,796 2,717
1,311 65 6.595! 3 359 3,154
2,508 312 61,300 30.848 1 30,452
692 60 7.318 3,552. 3.834
997 37 3,844 1,686 2.047
32 18 2,701 1.601 988
639 24' 3,169 1.593 1.494
1,091 61 10,072 5. 07 4,374
562 3* 3 921 1.9.2 1,944
436 16 1,5. '4 624 847
46 14 1,008 576 387
109 21 2,418 1,063 1.238
213 28 4.777 2.&19; 2.112
197 47 ' 7,4; 6 3.741 i 3.363
68 22 2,453 1,006 1.350
45 1 12 900 1 445 427
170 3i 2,187 967' I.IIH
19 Vi 863 412 397
1,082 49 . S 4,258 1.408: 2,715
113 25 2.194 819 1.243
415 17 2,383 1,221 1.112
135 22 2.570 1.291 1,504
57 22 2,224 1,209 1.015
Totals 2.(77
270.511:
117.968
118.054 25276 2009
266 533
133,291,
126,321
The same precincts in 1892 gave Harrison 105,58'J and C eveland 104.8J7.
FIR.ST OONQRESSIONAIj DISTRICT.
c I Vote is 1894. | ! Votb ix 1896.
iif a g c ~ ~ o >
— a-§" - | 1 i gaS-rs
• !If i!| ■ 5
' ____!_! ■: ;' |_J L_ :I _j L ,'• ?
**'• >"orte j 8 216 219 '-'39 8 29? I «40
Humbo;dt ! 10 1,938 1.879 1,2*6 41 2,313 2.207 49
L" s " en - 22 415' 288 308 20 372 353 73
rt °-. 21 9»3 954 261 21 1,383 818 25
Sl*ndocino &l 1,566 1,520 916 ' 37 ! 1.625 1,641 44
odoc ........v 16 535 358 366 9 219 315 :-l5
V p " • • •— 25i 1,710 1.35S 32«) 21 1,768 1.333 15
£» uraa «- v ..:.- 17 531 37a 227 17 672 467 17
gbasta. >.. 49 1,036 762 1,210 15 542 682 99
I<>r ;« v W 671 j 416 107 ■ 14 484 355 II
lßl£l - von - -. 42 1,392 1,152 5*29 . | 21 908 »95 93
$°"OC1»" OC1 » - 52: 3.071 8,084 668 ; 47 3.390 3.»9tfi 54
%}"?"* S2 Sl3 837 519 32 979 955 23
Trinity .....'23 424 368 140 i 12 847 322 16
Vote is 1894.
Voti xm 1896.
T 01 * 1 * ;440| 15.10ri3.570 MM 318 15,373 13.887 552
:ar
hern's p:
an
U >-.
I. Total prohibition vote, 790.
SECOND CONQRESSIONALi DISTRICT.
;
I
Vo
c,
a
sr
a
m
O
a
Vote in 1894.
DTE
; in ]
I
■
IM
14.
a
a
n
B
2L
II
1 1
Vo
If
3
1
Voti ijj 1890.
•TK
: in 1
<-
a
i
a
S
189*
■a.
s
c
■5
-.
■
COCXTIKS.
A1pine.......;.........;....-; .......;..;.„.... 5 70 . 13 10 ; 0 :
Aiuador ...... ..^... ;.. 21 9*l 1,271 277 19 771 "ViVq
«"»<*• »«« ' —•.... 55' 1.795 lt2o 913 40 1.680 1980
T^Tto^n V7?V~ 31 1 131 1.095- 387 I .18 860 1170
El Dorado •. 36 964 914 5»7 84 69-' 1.5*8
fe.:::::::-.:::::::;::::::::::::;;:::::::::::::: 18 {$}; 255 ■ 105 I , 256 339
Aaripos. 19 399 442 24H 6 242 486
ODO - •• 7 309 172 55 5 120 249
c .l* da -*1 1.45"* 1.482 1,217 38 I,*Bl 2/.90
f lac er- - .....: 48 1.609 1.1 10 . 2 -f, 31 1074 1 '9S
Yub » mne :::::::::::::::::::::::::-::"::::::::;;;;; _22 d 952 859 ll [ g?3 lilOl
Tot>!g - *64 19.202 15.732 8.946 377 | 16,762 21.819
In 1894 Johnson's plurality was 3570.
r--
THIRD OONQRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
CnCJfTIEB.
= Votk IK 1894.
3
1" =■ a <
£5 = -=
i so -
|j M O •
a , -:.".v '.
o - • •
i: : :
i:
3 v
o. _
5"
I
C
» I
I
s
"?
I
3
Votk ix 1896.
S"OTJC
Ci
=
I
a
: ik
rlß9t
X
oT 5 *"
"I?
ffP
Alameda m 9.3« 6.554 2,166 121 12,162 H. 070
g:Sc.-.,.::::.-.:::::::::::::::-.::;:;.:::::.::::v.:::: | M M ffi . S jg fc«
no " — — • • --.... 3- 2.122 2 : 06 l 703 » 2.8'J1 2,189
ol • •-- >'»r» r 1,287 1.425 474 j 22. 1,2*4 1.3.4
Toul * • r 267 15.795 13,103 6.162 848 19.430 15,293
In 1894 HiLboru'a plurality wai MM
Total Prohibition -rote, 637.
FOURTH CONQRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
COUJTTT,
runclsco ,
P Vo-e In 1894. 3 vote in 1896
o—■■ ■ o ;
1 J : 1-T 1 i. i II; If 1; S
I ! ! f Ml I ! if I
' I ? : ? 1 :f 1 r l ; : 5- I
: ;■-• . c : : : •
:•■'-- •: . : - : i_S : : : ;'•■-'
...;.. ' ....1. 9,7851 14.7J8 6.627; 338 ' ;.....' ,10.859 18,826 . .398 ~~~956
P
Vo-e In 1894.
Vote in 1896.
San Kracelsco.......^
In 189* M«i;uire'a plurality w»s 4963. Total vo;e 20.50 J.
FIFTH OONORBSSIONALi DISTRICT.
=
Votk m 1894.
Votk is 1896.
CocsTim
>?
a '
2_
a
o
s
■ ©
a.
■ 3
-
2,
5"
a
S S si § I i
f I if | * I
'-I w- fit* -• p
I. f I X i <*
I : ft : ;
5.C<6 4,647 list ia.36i "T^9l ~T^
421 268 ' 18 1.353 1 835 'Z-Z
1 bO4 2 905 8l! 4,800 1.6*7 2.iii
6,811 7.820 211, 18,518 10,373 8.45 8
San Francisco (part).....
San Ma co
Santa Clara
Itt 7,9.V<! 5 725
18 1.1 8 s*l
71 4.288; UI«
Totals
?21 15.379' &384
In 1894 Load's plurality waa 4995
'lotal Prohibition vo:e, B<S6.
SIXTH GONQRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
COUSTIX&
p
V.
s
c .
a
a/.
Vote in 1894.
'OTI
E IX
• O
p -
189
T
3
p
— i —
VOTI
Votk ix 1896.
E IX
n
8
- 5"
181
a--;.'
?6.
I
5
ft
5
Los Angeles-..
Monterey .*.'... .."......■...".....................;;...
San lu-.scoispo ........
Santa Barbara.
Pant* Craz.. ■......;...
Ventura ..1.:.'.....;;..- ........... " .......I"
11 If in
3191 18,746 11.61.3 ».769 ~~^ TI^I T^l?
Totals
lo 1894 McLacblani plurality was 705 a
Total Prohibition vote, 2120.
SEVENTH CONQRESSIQNAL DISTRICT
?
Vote !n 1894.
Vo:e In 1896.
COCXTIZB.
f
■ a
o
<5-
tJ
o
I
"* s r.
n s
II ? *">■-.;
r " •-: ; ■ *■
— — i. '" : ' ' - : -""
66 2,164 -.'.459
26 1.144 . 895
15 ; 605 719
-'•' 424 : • 532
19 ..;.. 563 : "^9i'3
- - ,37 • 1,863 i 1,468
.. 4' .1,965 I.S3S
18 787 859
S4 3.737 '.'.•.:•_•
65 3.J68 "J.TyS
•jh I.OiX i,9ua
49 1.S1& .: 2,803
413 17>61 17.685
Fresno... ....; i......V..iJ*.
K«rn .'..' .'. , """
Kings .......*.*!"
Matfera... ...r.....' ........ '... ......... •
Merced.... 1'"
Orasge
Riverside;.;.;... :.;...z. .... ....■ ; .*]
B»n 8en1ta. :..;..-... :; ■...:... :...'...'"
Fan Bernardino..:. .;...;.;..»......%-**'""
San Diego
Ptanlslaas v.'. ...:..... .........".* "*"-*"
Tul»re ...-.•..-.-..:... .;...-."....:.....:.;..;" I']'"
73 2.434
*fl i; J.4U7
15 748
23 5«,7
23 661
n 1.58U
♦8 1,910
18 697 i
! 54 2,5
! 85 5.456
22 .: 976
49 1.413
2,021 2,161
1,028 718
564 r :<<•_>
524 - 374
557 «14
S2O * 553,
683 , tKI
'713 SOO
1.135 :1,236: 1,236
1.-48 1,834
1.045 •-• 292
1.674 l,5iS
Totals.
12.111 10.719
4-5
18,4»4
la 1884 Bowers' plurality wu 6888. The tola! ProhlblUoa fof w M lgeg.'
A Well-Digger's Xprve.
ABERDEEN, Md., Sept. 23.— A well
digger named Bhirley, employed by Frank
Ki.ey, had a thrilling experience on Tues
day "in the woodland lying northwest ol
Aberdeen, belonging to the Oaoorn Droth
ers. and saved his life only by great nerve
and presence of mind. The* timber is be
in^ cleared, and Riley's sawmill is at work
on it converting the trees into lumber for
building purposes.
Shirley was employed to deepen a well
and had placed a charge oi dynamite in
the bottom to blast a large rock that vts
In the way. After lighting the fuse he
came out of the well and waiteJ a suffi
cient length of time, as he thought, for
the fuse to burn. He returned to tbe well
amid many protests f-om a large number
of men employed at the mill. \Vh:'n the
bottom was reached he founrd the fnse
burning and in another »*eoad the explo
sion wouid take place. With remarkable
courage ancl presence of mind be I'lnch^.l
off tbe burning fuse with his thumb and
lingers, tnus saving 'iis life, as In soother
second he would have been blown in:o
pieces.
Facing death under such circumstances
was an ordeal well calcinated to tax ihe
nerve of any 02. "When Snirley came
out of the well he was not even pale. He
treated it as a ca»e of "snuffing out a slow
fuse or being >nuffed out.'" — Baltimore
Bun.
NEW TO-DAY.
DON'T LIKE IT
:_
When Made In a Wrong Way.
"I wish you would say to the people
some day that I don't believe more than
half those who try Postum, the health
coffee, for the first tima get it right In
my family the iirst time it was served the
color was thin and the taste sort of
watery without much character. , Come
to inquire, the cook had boiled it about
five minutes instead of fifteen; so the
next morning we tried it again and had
it coiled properly, then it came on with
the rich deep brown color of fine coffee,
I drink my coffee with cream and sugar,
and Postum bit my taste .very favorably.
Now we are daily users of Postum, the
food drinK, and stanch champions of it.
But if we had formed an opinion from the
first trial, when the fault was entirely our
own, we would have condemned it and
been denied the use of a beverage we
prize most highly, and which is .helping
us physically as well as adding to our
table comforts." .^
The above is almost a literal reproduc-
tion of a statement made to the advertise-
ment writer or the Dostum Cereal Co.
Lim., of Battle Creek, Mich., and contains
a fact that is well to not:ce. We do not
think he is qu ; te right in his estimate of
the percentage who blunder in the pre-
paration of the grain coffee. _
Our heavy «ales in this city indicate
that it is easily prepared and successfully.
Now and then a person may be careless in
brewing it and pet a very poor drink;
carelessness with tine coffee makes it disa-
greeable instead of a pleasant drink.
Postum properly brewed is delicious
and nourishing.
There is but one genuine original
Postum Cereal coffee, with a multitude
of imitations offered as " just as good."
A hen Of" rs Fa-1 (onsu t .
DOCfOBIWEIHY.
HE TREATS AID CURES
ALL DISEASES OF YOuS'G,
MIDDLE-AGED A>l> OLD
ME^i, which weaken the organs and
cause them to waste away, thus produc-
ing Nervous Debility in all its distressing
forms. Ansoiii the many evil conse-
quences, of this ■ deplorable disease are
drains which sap the vitality, night losses,
failing strength, aching back, diseased
kidneys, inflamed plancK variuocele, ny-
drocete, dizziness of the head, a tired, irri-
table feeling, gloominess and despondency,
poor memory and a wandering mind. In
many ca*es the disease if neglected ends
in insanity and an untime.y death. If
you have Nervous Debility or'nave any of
its symptoms it is your duty to get cured.
The way to get cured is to emoloy the doc-
tor of learning, the doctor of skill, the
doctor of ability. That doctor is DOCTOR
SWEANY, a physician whose ability i*
recognized, whote skill is unquestioned,
whose reputation i* e«tab!i«hed and whose
cured patients are scattered throughout
this va«t land as living monuments of bis
successful practice.
PRIVATE DISEASES, such, as
goncrrhc?a, sleet and tr.at loathsome dis-
ease, contasious blood poison— tne curse
of humanity, which causes more suffering,
trouble and death than any other one
disease known— thoroughly and forever
en red.
DISEASES OF WOME^i pecu-
liar to their sex wiiicn steal their health,
freshness, beauty and strength scientific-
ally treat»rt and invariably cured.
WRITE if away from" the city. Book,
'•Guide to Health," a treatise on all the
organs and their diseases, free on applica-
tion. Address
F. L. SWEA>Y. M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco. Cal.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The ,GRILL
Ladies ROOM
OF THE *x v^/VyXVI
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPKM CXTII. MIDXIiiHt. '.
I MOREIFFEfIK
WE -MAKE A SPKCIALTT OF CTRISO
. .»!,,. Catarrh, Rheumatism, EpUepsr and all
Chronic Blood. Skin, »rvoo» and Special Wasting
Diseases of both sexes, inies, *'ts:u:«a and stric-
tures enred wiibont the knife, t-p«vctal attecUon
Riven o all Female .Tls.-asss. I Only qualified
physician* and sjreroas in attendance. All c.-r-
-resDou-.'.encf cona<leniiaL CUkEs uI'ARAN-
TEKU. CAIX. OK WKiTE., CONSULTATION
FREE. Hours- 1» a. si. 10 BF. m. Address
EUREKA DISPENSARY
a 3 Keurny St., San Francisco. '.«. ■■■ - ?-'*
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael. California. *
FIFTY MI.VCTKS KKO.M Sa.\ r ii A.X CISCO.
As a Winter resort or Howe i; has no equal in
ih« world. ■> ? ',
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
t&cciat rota far Fall and Winter meats.
* K. H. WAHFIKLD A COl
NOTARY PUBLIC
«!te Pala^ EtotS Tt>!ephon e 57a R^^dwcij^SSENATORS AND
ASSEMBLYMEN
Republicans Have Thirty-
Fiva Votes in the
Lower House.
The Count Shows Fusion Can
didates Are Net Losing
Any Ground.
MANY DISTRICTS DOUBTFUL.
Indications of Republican Gains and
a Republican Majority on
J int Ballot.
° The count in many of tbe Assembly and
Senatorial districls is not yet completed.
• The returns a.-c coming In slowly from the
country districts.
It is not yet possible to give a positive
forecast of the next State Legislature, but
" •35 Republicans, 2 Democrats, 16 fusion
and 1 People's par;y candidates are known
to be elected so far, making a total of 60
ttepubheans in the joint Legislature.
/ In the Districts as yet undecided and
i :ch must be classed as doubtful, the Re-
candidates with a few exceptions,
are shown by the returns to be leading in
tho count.
Quite a number of fusion candidates are
elected, and there will in all probability
be some more fusion nominees in the
o districts still doubtful.
The latest returns are as follows. The
candidates leading in doubtful precincts
are indicated by a star; the others, where
'there is no star, are elected:
SENATE.
• Dist. Counties. Name.
If Del None. ■)
J . }I. N. Gillette, F.
" (Humboiat ....
3 /-Nevada ">
J Plumas.. V\V. F. Prlstt, D. •
'(.Sierra )
' ' _ /-El Dorado 'i
r> - -E. W. Chapman, F. •
* (Placer )
' ' _ /-Lane .-)
7.{ Vapa J-Owen Wade, F. •
1 * (Xapa )
1) . Solano J. J. Luch. linger, R.
, , /-Contra CO3ta.")
11 1 >J. H. Dickinson, R.
? i ' (.Marin )
J.O. Sacramento..... G. Doty, D.
Ji). San Joaquln B. F. Langfore, F.
.X i . San Francisco. .S. Eraunhart, D.
• .Li/. San Francisco.. L. J. Dwyer, D.
—1 . San Francisco. .E. I. Wolfe. R.
J.O. San Francisco.. S. Hall, D.
—O. San Francisco.. J. Feeney, D. -
_. I . Alameda F. S. Stratton, R. .
/-Santa Crnr.... ") ;• ;-;>-j"•.--•;; -;>-j "•.--•;
9Q - . . [c. M. Cassln, T. •
: "" UJan y; Mateq,.v.J^.\.. -, >*fj-.- &-V
j 0 1 . ; Santa Clara .... H. V. Morebous*, R. • . * ■
/ „-. Monterey. ....'i *.
i 33 - VT. FUnt, B. •
f * JtJ ' {.Han 8en10.... -
,»_, ( Barbara") ».■>?-'.; %i
3o \ J - J - Boyce - - ' :
"^H Venture J
.) i ■ Los Angeles R. N. Bulla, R.
I . Los Angeles R. N. Bulla, R.
~.~ /-Oritnep ")
",Q J Riverside VT. J. Jones, B.
ocf * (.hn Bernardino)
Thebold-orer Senators are:
2. . J. 11. Gleaves, R.
ii. J. M. Gleaves, R.
4. W. A. Shippee, R.
U. . Eugeno Aram, R.
8. J. H. Seawell. B.
10. J. C. Hoiloway, R.
12. J. n. Shine, R.
14. E. a Voorhels, R.
16. A. J, Pedlar, R.
10. Hugh Toner, D.
20. E. J. Bert, R.
«Zi P. L. Henders3n : D
—1 . J. H. Mahoner, R.
—U. E. S. Denlson, R.
28. J. L. Beard, R.
30. F. C. Fran*. R.
oZ. R. Lindcr, R. '
. 34. S. C. Smith, B.
OD. C. M. Simpson, R.
38. . a K. Androus, R.
40. D. L. WHhlnifton, R.
| Republicans 18, Democrats 2.
ASSEMBLY.
PisL Counties. • Name.
/-Del Xorte *>
1 J -W. Strain, R.
1 . (.Slalclyon J
2. Humbo'.dl. A. W. Hill, R.
O. Hamhoklt. E. D. Damon, R.
Trinity ")
• m J >J. T. Matlock, R. • '
4. I Tehama )
/•Modoa O
"5J --i J-T. W. H. Ehanahan, P. •
D. (Shasta. ..)
/-sierra ") ■■■'':".'. '■ '■'"■;■■'
• C . l'iumu ,-F. D. Loward, R. •
0. (.Laasen )
1. Butte F. R. Stansell, R. • ■■
<-5ntter.:.......Y • •
BJ. , ■;; »- . 5-W. M. Cutter, R. • .
O. ( Vuba )
O. Mendbclna ...J. B. Sanford, D. •
/-C01u5a. ........">
1 A J Olenn. >-C. A. Brldgeford, F. •
1U.\Lake.........J: v
Jl. Yolo A. W. North, R. - ■>■
. 1 Z. .Nevada W. S. Robinson, R. _ .
10. Placer H. T. Power, R. •
i 4. El Dorado G. H. Burnbam, R. •
It). Amador.. A. Camlnettl, F. •„
J-D.' Sonoma. A. R. Galloway, F. •
> • • Sonoma ....J. W. Keegan, F. *
il Q . . ■ ■ '-.- ' ' :'::: ' : : '
Wp' Napa. F. L. Coombs, R. '■■:
■q
.-\y. Bolano A. Anderson, R.
£*J» Sacramento .... W. M. Elms, B. .
91
A l . J?acpamento... aF. 8. Ennls, R. '
99
■£-J. Sacramento.... ju M. Landsboro, V. ■■■■■
9Q";^; ■ • ■ . . ; ::■■-. ■ ■■::■
-£O. HariD. :....W, Canavan, B. . .
— "i. Contra Costa. . .C. M. Belshaw, R.
—O. Ban Joaquln....A. 1,. Foreman, F.
—D. San Joaqntn.... Charles Austin, R.
—i . Calaveras CD. Font ana, R. •
«- O. San Francisco.. X. F. Lacy, F. and C. N.-P.
(}(\
—O. San Francisco.. J. Allen, F and C. N.-P.
on
ttU. San Francisco.. li. M. Kelly, R.
0 1 . San Francisco. J. Tre»cy. F.
o2i. San Francisco. .J. H. Power, F. and C. N.-P.
00. £an Francisco.. G.B.Godfrcy,D. andC. N.'-P.
Oa. San Francisco.. F. Mahbney, D.
*JO. San Francisco.. l* J. Dolan, F.
OD. San Francisco.. ll. McGrath, F.
«-) • . San Francisco.. H. I. Mulcrevy, F.
00. San Francisco .G. Pohlman, R.
] 00. San Francisco.. L. E. Jones, R.
4U. San Francisco. .S. Bettman, R. anJ C. X.-P.
i. San Francisco. .ll. C. Dtbole, R.
42. fcan Francisco.. A.Henley ,B. and C.NVP.
$O. San Francisco. .F. iitindquUt, R.
44., San Francisco.. E. S. Ryan. D.
45. San Francisco.. W.H.Gately, D.andC. N.-P.
46. Alameda G. W. Clark, R.
4i . Alameda J. A. Waymtre, R.
48. : Alameda F. W. Leavitt, R.
49. Alameda O. Brieiing, B.
50. Alameda H. H. North, R.
51. Alameda H. E. Wright, R.
s—. San Mateo S. O. Goodhue, R. •
! 53. Santa F. Aldrldge, F.
54. . Santa Cruz E. C. Hnrlbert, d! •
04. Santa Cruz E. C. Hurlbert, D. •
! 05. Santa Clara..... J. D. Kelsey, R. •
sb. Santa Clara..... M. E. Arnerlch, R
_ _ /-Merced ........") - .
Z\l -I r - C. Elliott, F.
"* * Stanislaus.... )
„_. ( Manposa- "1
rift X G. McCandllsh, D. •
* J^ ' (Tnolumne... .)
59. San Benlto C. T. Rubell, D. •
_ _ /-Alpine .") " -j ; - '/"
HO J M ° no e '.;;;.";'.]-T. A. Ke&bles, F. •
1 UU# (.Inyo J
OX. M0nt0rey.......W. G. Hudson, R. •
jj-z-Madera.. „...-) :
K9 - [a. W. Cartwrlght, F.
W~"W ~" (Fresno )
n n /-Madera, y
IKM ■! r L - W. Moultrle, F.
I "°* (Fresno. J
_. /-Tulare )
Rd - >- J. M. McClellan, F. •
V 3'V 3 ' (.King5.. ......i) :n
C!^ ■ Kife'' ■'-■■■-"
DO. Tulare W. P. Boone, D. •
DO. Kern.... J. Curran, R.
Gi . San Luis Obisro.J. K. Burnett, F.
DO. Santa Barbara.. L. Harris, R.
Ot/. Ventura ........T. O Toland, F.
10. L os Angeles.... W. 8. Mellck. R.
11 . Los Angeles.... J. O. Vosburg, R.
i— . Los Angeles F. C. Kenyon, R.
73. Los Angeles .... W. Mead, F.
4. Los Angeles.. ..L. H. Valentine, B.
10. Los Angeles.. John Cross, R.
76. Orange. H. W. Chinowelh, R. . ' '
7/7. ■ Riverside. F. L. Llndenberger, R.
f . Riverilde. :F: L. Llndenbereer, R, ■
iO. San Bernardino. T. H. Goff, R,
79.' San Diego W. R. Guy, R. •.
80. San Dieg0. .....J. L. Dryden, F. • .
" • Leading when last returns were received this
morning. -
FOR LITTLE WAIFS.
Mrs. Pettee'g Entertainment To-Night
In Aid of tho Emergency
Hospital.
Arrangements are now completed for
the entertainment to be given at the resi
dence of Mrs. John Pettee, 250.') Leaven
worth street, the proceeds to be devoted to
the establishment of an emergency hospi
tal for children. All tho charitable or
ganizations, as well as society, are actively
interested in the affair and the outlook is
brilliant and encouraging.
Mrs. Pettee's object, a home where little
waifs ruay have proper medical treatment
and care, is one that readily appeals to all.
Mrs. Pettee has kindly placed her ele
gant and artistic home at the disposal of
those inter* sted in the charity. There is
to be a service of refreshments, and a bevy
of pretty girls will preside at the tables.
Miss Weicn will sell boutonnieres, and
Miss Maudie Fettee will have charge of
the grab-ba>r. There isalso to be a fortune
telling booth.
The following is the musical programme
j of the evening:
Miss Jennie Welch and Miss Lucy Call, man
dolin and guitnr Releciions ;.St!uor S. Martinez,
piano solo; Pherift" K. I. Whelan iv comic
selections. The soloists of the McKetiz-e Mu
sical Society, consisting of Miss Minnie Powell
and Miss Minnie ScU ultzberg (sopranos), Mrs.
Meyer and Mrs. James Ico (contrtlton), Charles
F. Le J..ong (tenor) and Mr. Edminster (basso)
will also contribute to the evening's pro
gramme.
No tickets have been sold for the enter
tainment, but an admission lee of 50 cents
will be collected at the door. Free refresh
ments will be provided. Take the Hyde
street cars and alight at Bay street.
Roberts Indicted.
Patrick Roberta, the ballot clerk of Pre
cinct 10 ol the Thirty-third Assembly Dis
trict, who was arrested Tuesday evening by
members of the Grand Jury for calling the
wrong names from a ballot Irom which he was
reading the name* voted for, was yesterday in
dicted for felony by tire Grand Jury. The
warrant was served uuon him in the City
Prison by Detective Dillon.
Rev. Dr. L«b!k <le Lew to Lecture.
Under auspices of Mission to Israel Society
the Rev. Dr. Lewis de Lew will deliver a lec
ture to Jews and Christians in Cambrian Hall.
1133 Mission street, on Friday eveniDg, No
vember 6, at 8 o'clock. Pr. de Lew is a graduate
of Leyden and Oxford universities. Ue is a
converted Jew and a very interesting speaker.
All are cordially invited.
SHORT OF CHANGE.
How a Pavi« <:.«I>-Urlver Called Baron
Kothsrhild to Account.
Baron Rothschild got into a Paris bus
and found he had not a cent in his clothes.
The driver demanded: "What did you
pet in for if you had no money?" "lam
Baron Rothschild," exclaimed tne great
capitalist, "and there is ray caid." The
driver scornfully tossed the card away.
"Never heard of you before," said he. "and
don't want to hear of you again. What I
want is your fare."
The banker was in great haste. "Look
here; I've an order for a million"; he
proffered a coupon for that amount. The
driver stared and the passenpers laucheJ.
Fortunately a friend of the Baron entered
the omnibus at the moment, and, takinir
in the situation, immediately paid the
fare. The driver, realizing his mistake
and feeling remorseful, said tc the Baron :
"If you want 10 francs, sir. I don't mind
lending them to you on my own account."
Over a million pairs of boots and shoes
are made in England each week.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 189 G.
SENATORS AND
ASSEMBLYMEN
San Francisco's Delegates
to the State Legis
lature.
Men Who Will Assist in Fram
ing Laws fcr the
People.
HENRY C. DIBBLE'S VICTORY.
The Fortunate Oaes Wiio Have Wen
Their Honors After a HaYd
Struigie.
Notwithstanding ihe division in the Re«
publican ranks and the number of candi
dates in the field for the honor of repre
senting the people of San Francisco in
the next Legislature, the Republican party
will aend eight representatives to Sacra
mento next January.
Edward I. Wolfe, the prominent young
lawyer of this City, will have the honor of
representing the Twenty-first Senatorial
District in the State Legislature for the
next four years.
To his popularity alone may he claim
the victory just won. • •
Mr. Wolfe was born in Hull, Eng., and
twenty-two years aeo came to San Fran
cisco, where he has since resided. He is i\
graduate of the High School of this City,
and for nineteen years resided in the
Twenty-tirst Senatorial District. For
eight years he was in the employ of P. B.
Cornwall, president of the Black Diamond
Coal Company. In 1886 he was a candi
date for the State Senate on the Republi
can ticket. It was the year of the Demo
cratic tidal wave, nnd with the rest was
defeated, but in the district he received
the largest vote ever cast for a Republican
candidate. W. J. Ruddick, who was the
only Republican City official, appointed
E. I. "WOLFE. Senator - Elect
Twenty-First District*
him clerk of the probate department of the
Superior Court.
After that lie served two years under
Sheriff Laumeister, having charge of the
real estate department. Then he was ap
pointed secretary of the City Hall Com
missioners, remaining in that capacity
until he formed a law partnership with
Meyer Jacobs under the name of Jacobs &
Wolfe.
Mr. Wolfe is quite prominent in fra
ternal circles. He is president of the
Grand Lodge of the Inaependent Order of
B'nai B'rith ; he is supreme representa
tive of the Order of Chosen Friends, su
preme representative of the Foresters of
America and member of tho committee on
laws of the Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias.
In whatever position Senator Wolfe has
been placed he has discharged the duties
of the office with marked ability and a
wish to at nil times and in all places leave
a mark of integrity behind him. The
Twenty-first Senatorial will be well and
faithfully represented.
The Thirtieth Assembly District has re
tnrnprl as its member to the Legislature
of 1897 Henry M. Kelly, a young man of
unimpeachahle character.
Henry M. Keliy is a native of Fan Fran
cisco, lie was born thirty years aeo in
the district wnich he will represent in the
Henry M. Kelly, Assemblyman
Thirtieth District.
Icwer house- of the State Legislature.
After acquiring his education he iearned
the plumbing trade, and on achieving his
master mechanic's degree from the
Plumbers' Association he joined Edward
F. Siebert as a copartner, since which
time they have done a lucrative business
in this City.
The Thirty-eighth As«embly District
has for its Assemblyman Gustnve Fohl
mann. The election of Mr. Pohimann
over that of his opponents is due to Mis
popularity in the district. His connection
wi;h various secret societies, especially
the Workmen and the Veteran Firemen,
besides the Foresters and others, did him
good service.
This was especially noticeable in the
case of the Veteran Firemen, who rolled
up their shirt sleeves, so to speak, in his
tehalf. The Workmen, doing likewise,
succeeded in sending him to Sacramento
on tne first Monday in January.
Mr. Pohlman is not a native son of this
Stale or Nation. He tirst saw the light oi
day in Germany forty-eight years ago, but !
when only a child he arrived in San Fran
cisco on the Ist of January, 1803, and has
ever since resided in the district which lie
now represents. He is a married man and !
has six children. By occupation he is a
jeweler, ana ha- a large trade not only
with his numerous society friends, but
with the generai public. ;
i. The banner Republican : district, the '
Thirty-ninth, stotd well to its colors on j
last Tuesday, despite the fact that there
were vigorous exertions ' made ' to 'defeat |
the regular Republican nominee, Leon E. i
Jone?. Nevertheless, he won out .■ by a
handsome majority, and will have the
honor of representing' his district in the
Assembly next spring at the State Capitol.
Leon E. Jones was born. in i'latte City
in 1841 and arrived in California in 1850.
In 1856 he went to ; Pennsylvania and
graduated from Meadeville Academy.
Soon after the opening ot the war, in 1862.
he entered the Twelfth Pennsylvania
Cavalry as private and served : with dis
tinction. He was at South Mountain. An
tictani, and was wounded in the battle of
Kernstown. In March. 1564, he was pro
moted to.be second lieutenant; in De
cember. 1864, to be first lieutenant, and in
1860 breveiea captain. In: March of the
' same. year, he'-' was- mustered out. Here-;
turned to California in 1869. and has re
sided in San. Francisco since 1879, having
served- the City as chief deputy under
Coroner Hughes ana in other, capacities.
He is a member of Thomas Post, G. :A. It.,
and the Loyal Legion. • j
TtSijr. "M.* Bettman, member of the'
Legislature from the Fortieth District, was
born in Olympia. Wash., in 1863, was
brought to* this City as an infant and has
resided here ever since. Mr. P.ettmun is a
graduate of the Washington- Grammar
School. Some twenty years ago he entered
business with his father, M. ; Bettman, a
pioneer of .'49, on Front street, • carrying
on an importing business of English
chemicals and laundry supplies.. On the
Gustave Pohlmann, Assemblyman
Thirty-Eighth District.
death of his father the firm was incor
pomted under the linn name of If. liett
ni:in it To., Siz being tas secretary, treas
urer atul general manager. The ollices of
the concern are at 121 California street,
with warehouses on Vermont street, near
Alameda.
Mr. 15 ttman began being a Republican
long before he could vote, and has re
manou faithful to the p:irty down to date.
He has attended every municipal and
I State convention since LBBI ami has always
given his time, money and b?st energies
in advancing the principle* of the party.
Mr. Bettman was a member of the last
: Legislature and was active in securing the
I defeat of the bill repealing the fee bill.
| which saves to the taxpayer* about $10,000
a year, wh eh otherwise would have gone
into tbe pocket of the Sheriff. He also
: voted lor the bill granting to the Valley
j Railroad Company the lease of China
■■ basin, thereb}- giving to the people'i com
peting railroad an entrance into San J*'ran
ci s co.
Mr. Bettman's record during the session
of the Legislature is marked by an honesty
ot purpose that distinguishes him amonc
his fellows nnd which gathered about him
in his candidacy ior re-election a host of
friends who worked valiantly and secured
his election by a handsome majority.
Leon E. Jones, Assemblyman
Thirty-Ninth District.
It is almost a waste of time to attempt
to write anything regarding Judge Dibble
in the columns of a newspaper, so well
and favorably is this gentleman known
not only in San Francisco, but through
out the United States. Jndsje Dibble was
Assistant United States Attorney for Cali
fornia from 188") to 1887, when he resigned
to form a law partnership with Louis T.
Hagcin. In 18S8 he was elected to the
Legislature from the Forty-first Assembly
District, serving on several important
committees. He was the acknowledged
leader of his party in the House. When
elected a second time in 1890 he became
chairman of the Ways ami Means Com
mittee, and was on other leading com
mittees.
Mr. Dibble, since the wa r , has peserved
his interest in military affairs. " He was
Judge-Advocate, witn the rank of briga
dier-general, under Governor Kellogg in
Louisiana. He is also a prominent mem
of the Grand Army of the Republic,
having been twice elected commander of
the famous Lincoln Post of San Francisco,
and having served a term as junior vice
department commander of California.
Mr. Dibble has not confined himself to
his tyrofessional and political duties, but
lihh given evidence tbat had he chosen
literature as a field for his talents he could
have won fame in that direction. As it is
Sig M. Bettman, Assemblyman
Fortieth District.
he has done some effective work. His
style is striking, concise and attractive.
In fiction ais stories have attracted much
attention and he is known among journal
ists as a strong and vigorous editorial
writer.
As an orator Judge Dibble has few
superiors. With a well-modulated and
sonorous voice, lie combines an ever
ready command of language with convinc
ing reasoning powers. Gifted with no
Henry G Dibble, Assemblyman
Forty-First District.
small decree of personal magnetism, he is
a speaker who holds his audience with re
markable skill. 0
He has always taken a special interest
in educational matters. During the ab
sorbing and busy days of reconstruction
in Louisiana he served for s x successive
years as president of the Board of Educa
tion in New Orleans.
In private iife Mr. D-bb!e has made
many friends by his agreeable social
qualities. He has . been twice married.
His first wife was Miss Chapnell of New
Orleans, who died in 1873. In 1875 be was
married to Miss .Flash, also of New Or
leans. He has several children.
With such a record to look back anon,
as soldier, lawyer and statesman, de
scended l'rom a line of ancestors who have
helped to build up tbe country and make
it wnat it is, Henry C. Dibble has a right
to a prominent place among representa
tive citizens.
Lorenzo Henry." the Republican Assem
blyman of the Forty-second Assembly j
District, is a young man who commands!
considerable ir.iluence with the better
class of voters, as was expressed by their
preference on last Tuesday by electing
him, and a better man could hardly be !
chosen for the position, for Mr. Henry has j
a cood, clean record tnat must appeal to
all citizens desiring honest government.
Lorenzo A. Henry, Assemblyman
Forty-Second District.
f
That nis candidacy will appeal to the
worKingmen cf his distr.ct is a settled
fnct, because Mr. Henry understands the
dignity of laDor and has been prominently
identified with trades unionism ever since
h • wa^ able to work for hims-clf.
He was born in San Francisco thirty
i seven years ago and h:ts lived in the
i Forty-second District about twenty-five
years and always taken an active part in
Republican politics there for the past
seventeen years. At present he is secre
tary of District Cub 2, of which T. P.
! lliordan, chairman of the Regular Itepub-
I lienn Convention, is president.
Mr. Henry is foreman of the pressroom
of George Spaulding & Co.'s printing
establishment and a charter member of
Pressmen's I) nion No. 24, which was or
ganized over ■ decade ago.
After a lively and honorable bam paign
! fight the voters of the Fortv-thirJ As
j sembly District elected L3on Dennery for
their reprc entfitive in the lower house of
the State Legislature out of a field of con
testant?, and they will have no cause to
regret their choice.
Leon Dennery is a native of San Fran
cisco and an active business man for his
years. He is secretary of the Mutual
Building and Loan Association, with of
fices at 214 Pine street. Mr. Dennery is a
Republican of long standing and vast ex-
Leon Dennery, Assemblyman
Forty-Third District.
perience, and as such will be a valuable
aid to his co-laborers in their selection of
a United States Senator next January,
when that body sits in joint session with
it< associates of the upper house. He
will, no doubt make his influence felt on
the floor as a speaker and debater, for in
all councils of hia party in this City he
occupied a foremost station.
A llry:%ii Prophetess.
Mrs. P. W. Maun of 1203 Market street
aroused considerable interest last nlgnt by
visiting political centers ancl proclaiming
herseii gifted with the power of looking into
the future after which sne predicted that \V.
.1. Bryiin would be seated as the next Presi
dent of the United States.
Orchestral Society.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 4.— The Berke
ley Orchestral Society is about to reorgan
ize for the season cf 1896 97. C. S. Merrill,
tbe president, has called a meeting of
members to arrange for concerts and
players. v
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
AtTT TO-DAT-DRT GOODo.
I THINGS I
JWORTH IHVEST[GATING ! I
ft The latchstrings of purses are opened ones more. A
i% Capital is seeking investment. You cannot find a safer JL
If one or get more returns for your money than you will 3f
jr to-day in the articles hereinafter enumerated. Special JT
O Drives in O
% DRESS GOODS, SILKS, CLOAKS AND SUITS. |
A Veiling 12^. . and 25c.
iV •. New and Stylish Veilings just re-
-3g ceived by express. 7 . Qualities formerly |
3u sold at 25c and 50c. ■-
X Handkerchiefs 61?, Sic, !2k 25c.
?9° Lnce pdged and Lice corner in-
-3u verted. Hand-embroidered and hand-
3C, innde Spanish drawn work. Irish
OXO point embroidered. The 25c line
000 comprses an importer's samples you
°j^° couldn't buy as cheap in 1000 dozen
lots at the price we ask for one.
£ Hosiery I2£e, 20c, 25e, B Jor $1.
3C Snrely if you would ': look at what
,Xj we offer in Hosiery to-day you would
oSo purchase your Stockings of us. The
©Jo 12'^c quality ere imported and sold
°u° ft 25c. The 20c qnalitv ore imported
<=}£ Richelieu Ribbed. The 25c Stocking
3G In as good as anybody's 3 for $1.00.
3£ Men's Socks and Children's Hosiery
oAo at like bargain prices.
$; KM! Cloves 75c751.00 and $1.50
3u Two-clasp Gloves for 75c. They are
o<jo cheap. Our $1.00 and $1.50 line are
o>)o fitted to the hand and guaranteed to
\jT be the best sold. /> _■*•.-.
X .lotions-- and 'Drugs.
J& Drugs and Patent Medicines we sell
>M at cost and less. We use this depart-
£' y ■ ment as an advertisement— not in-
jf tend to profit by. it. Notions and
C^ small wares we sell at so close a mar-
X^ gin that we undersell all competitors.
> f See the big Notion window for prices.
X Ladies' Underwear.
4 £ Swiss Ribbed Imported Vests, size
mf 3 only, all colors; wer* $1.25. On sale
it n-hile they last at 50c See the Ribbed
"jr Vest, high neck and long sleeve, we
dfo sell for 25c. then judge of the higher
f priced garments by these.
13 only, all colors; $1.25. On sale
while they last at 50c. See the Ribbed
Vest, high neck nnd long sleeve, we
sell for 25c. then judge of the higher
priced garments by these.
Linings.
C> Silecias S]^c, in gray "and black,
J^ worth 12>2C. All other linings sold
*y proportionately.
A Feather Boas from 25e to $20.
J^ Black, White and Fancy Colorings.
** *PRQP®S $¥)<i KoJX€^ W
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
BERKELEY WAS IN LINE,
One Precinct Voted Over Five
to One in Favor of
McKinley.
Woman Suffragists of the University
Town Will Not Give Up the
Fight.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 4.— Berkeley
can claim n heavy share In the McKinley
majority of Alameda County. The man
lrom Ohio was well supported in every
precinct. No. 9 leading with over 5 to 1 for
tbe Republican candidate.
The result in detail was as follows:
Precinct I—McKinley 218, Brvan 87, Hilborn |
216, English 72, Sti'atton 216, McPike 65, I
Wright 182. Andrews 44, Chllds 61, Greene
19»i*IIaU 173, Gnrrity 91. Gibson 100. Xve 20,
Roeth 123, Brown Bft, (iray 51, Lord 213, Peu
well 141, i. entry 139, Reed 29; sixtu amend
ment, yes 142, no 160.
Preciuct 2— McKinley 26, Bryan 19, Hilborn
18, English 19, Brieling 20, Maguire 18,
Greene 19, Hall 16, Garrity 21, Gibson 25,
Allyn 7, Campbell O, Hagur 8, Mitchell 8,
Pelouzi 26, Lord 27, Penwell 10, Gentry 18,
Reed 8, Henry Windrom 12; sixtn umendment,
yes 20, no 18.
Precinct 3— McKinley 125. Bryan 108, Hii
born 118, Encltsn 101. Brieiing 80, M,agnire
118. Greene 94, Hall 85, Garrity 122. Gibson ;
108, Allyn 60. < ampball 17. Mitchell 51,
lVlouze 98, Lord 106, Penwell 85, Gentry 74,
Wiudrom 106, Reed 42; sixth amendment, j
yes 46. no 144.
Preciuct 4— McKinley 122, Bryan 110, Hil
born 118, English 104. Brieiing 89. McGuire
120, Greenp 84, Hall 101, Garrity 134, Gibson
104, Lord 01, Penwell 56, Gentry 98, Wood
»um 140, Reed 28, Allyn 69, Campbell 6,
Miichpli 49, Pclouzu 102; sixth amendment,
yes 66, no 130.
' Precinct s— McKinley 146, Bryan 65, Briei
ing 122, Ifagnlre 66, Hilborn 143, English
(SI, Green*' 115, Hall 113, Gsirity 96, Gibson
67, Allyn 33, Campbell 3, Mitchell 115, Pelouze
52, Lord 15!>, Penwell 104, Wood^um 33,
Gentry 89; sixth amendment, yes 82, no 116.
Precinct 6— McKinley 13, Bryan 3, Hilborn
11, English 5, Wright 11, Chiids 5, Greene 7,
Hall 7. Garrity 7, Gibsou 5, Allyn 2, Campbell
1, Mitchell 5, Pelonze 8, Suatton 9, McPiice 4,
Lord 11, Penwell 6, Gentry 7. Reed 3, Win
drom'2; sixth amendment, yes 5, noil.
Precinct 7— McKinley 17, Bryan 22. Hllborn
10, English 20, Brieliuu 15, Maguire 14,
Greene 20, Hall IS, Garrity 20, Gibson 18. Al
lyn 8, caiupbeil 2, Mitchell 11, Pelouze 17,
Lord 26, Penwell 9, Gentry 20, Reed 7. Win
drom 10; sixth amendment, yes 15, no 25.
Precinct B— McKinley 184; Hrvan 01, Hi'
born 168, Eukubm 62, Stratton 183, McPike 52,
Wright 169, Chiids 50. Greene 160, Hall 147,
Garrily 62, Gibson 73, Lord 183, Penwell 97.
Gentry 133, Windrom 2u, R'.-ed 20, Rosth 108,
i Brown 63. Gray 38; sixth amendment, yes
131. no 97.
Precinct; 9— McKinley 76, Bryan 15, Hilborn
66, Knclish 22, Wright 72, Chiids 18, Greene
70, Hali 64, Garrity 22, Gibson 19, Lord 74.
Penwell 44, Gentry 45. Reed 7. Windrom 4,
Roeth 54. Brown 16. (iray 18. Bone 8, Strat
ton 73, McPike 17; sixth amendment, yes 51,
no 42.
Precinct 10— McKinley 85, Bryan 56, Hil
born 75. English 57, Stration 89. McPike 40,
Wright 85, Chiids 32 Greene 71, Hall 67, Gar-
Ti:y 54. Gibson 51. Lord 85. Penwell 52, Gen
try 73, Windrom 41, Reed 22, Roeth 46. Brown
62. (iray 21; slxtn amendment, yes 61. no 72.
Prtcinct 11— McKiuley 216, Brvan 60, Hil
i born 206, English 58, Wrisjht 211, Chiids 44,
I istratton 223, McPike 42, Greene 201, Hall
! 188, Garrity 55, Gibson 67, Bone 25, Brown
57, (iray 27, Kueth 156, Lord 206, Penwell
134, Gentry 128, Heed 42, Windrom 10; sixth
amendment, yes 140, no 123.
Precinct 12— McKinley 15, Bryan 9. Hilborn
15. Enelish 7, Brieiing 12, Maguire 6, Greene
14, Hall 12, Garrity 8. Gibson 6, Allyn 3,
Campbell 2, Mitchell 9, Pelouze 7, Lord 18,
Penwell; 11, Gentry 11, Reed 3, Wmdrom -;
I slxih amendment, yes 14, no 8.
J Precinct 13— McKinley 126, Bryan 63, Hil
We cannot enlarge on the jf
following Bargains. Ad- j£ :
vertising is expensive. We °^
can give you more in value So :
if we spend less in expense. 3u
Come in and see if our val- 5^
uations and comparisons Sjg
are truthful. 3£
$4.00 Black Mohair Skirts .$2.50 oqo
$5.00 Blue Cheviot Skirts .... 3.50 o(,>o
$15.00 Black Brocaded Silk Skirts 8.50 *=£*
•11 inohes broad All-Silk Satins.. 1.00-35
Children's Embroidered Long. oflo
Coats .. ..;.. 1.75 c<?o
Black Boucle Capes with Cloth o<)o
Straps '. .... .. 5.00 ?C V*
$30.00 English TAN Top Coats. . .20.00 3g
Beaded and Embroidered Plush 3c
Capes . 5.00 So
English Boucle Storm Coats 7.50 oflo
$12.50 Boucle Jackets, fur trim- oAo
, mcd.;... ............. -. 9.00 °Q°
$15.C0 and $20.00 Ladies' Tailored **P
Suits ..:..:...... 12.00 55
Children's Short Cloalcs .....'..^ 1.50 35
Full-sized Pillowslips gi^ : oXo
Bargains in Flannelettes, 5c to. . ."to 000
Bargains in Lace Curtains. 75c to 3.50 3ff
$5.00 and $10.00 Ladies' Trimmed 22
Hats, $3.50 and 5.00 1£
Bargains in Satin and Gros y&
rain Ribbons, 4c to .... 10 1\
33-inch S:orm Serges, nil colors..- .15 *V
Fancy Mixed Dress Goods, new 4iw
to-day... 25 j/F
Black Novelty Dress Goods .. .25 C*
54-inch Sicilians 33 JL
100 pieces of Fine Dress Suitings, 50c '■'O'
and 59c, in novelty goods that /*L
earlier commanded 75c to $1.00. ! V
Navy Blue Etamine Dress Goods, 50 J?
inches broad, Fancy Illuminated %^
Scotcn Checks, and an . endless Jr\
line of imported novelties, 75c; Sg
worth earlier up to $1.50. ■ J\
100 pieces of Colored Japanese Silks, S^
12).£c Printed Flannelettes, napped Ja,
back, B}£c. 2?
Pocket books, 25c; worth up to $1.00. ]2£
Bargains in Beaded Dress Trimmings, J&[
Collars, Ornaments and Fancy
Jet Pieces. " £%.
born 117, EnsrHsh 59. Stratton 121. McPike
49, Wngut 127, Chiids 38, Greene 101, Hall
lU3, Garrity 59, Gibson 66. Allyn 26. Campbell
113. Hagerl4. Mitchell 74. Pelouze 45, Lord
124. Penwell 72, Gentry 86. Reed 49. Win
drom 20; sixth amendment, yes 69, no 104.
The result on the sixth amendment was
a surprise, as Berkeley was thought to be
a woman suffrage stronghold.
Choir.
BERKELEY. Cal., Nov. 4.— The choir
of the First Presbyterian Church has Deen
reorganized and now consists of the fol
lowing:
Mrs. E. S. Irvin, organist. Fred H. Clark,
director.
Solo quartet — Miss Edith Russell, soprano;
Mrs. Alice R. Clark, contralto; William N.
Harris, tenor: Fred H. Clark, basso.
Chorus— Sopranos: Miss Grace Dobbins, Mr^.
Laura D. Goss, Miss Alico Hoßg, Miss Lang,
Mrs. Hannah Middlehoff, Miss Emelie Rises,
Miss Edith Rusoeil, Miss May Strong. Con
irallos—Mrs. C. P. CowperthwJuie. Mrs. Alire
R. Clark, Miss Klttlo E. Dobbins, Miss Rose M.
Dobbins, Miss Edith Ketchum. Tenor>— H. J.
Hoke, William X. Harris, W. \V. Kaye. Bassos
— Clarence I). Clark, Knight Dunlap, W. F.
Ketchum, Thomas C. Warren, Fred H. Clark.
1 hey Look Ahead.
BERKELEY. Cal.. Nov. 4.— The woman
suffragists of Berkeley are not. prepared to
give up their hght for tho cause that was
represented by the «=ixth amendment, in
spite of yesterday's defeat! They will
still work for the political equality of the
sexes, and will continue the . campaign
until victory is won.
A £.arge Precinct.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Nov. 4.— Precinct 1
i of North Berkeley is thought to be the
heaviest voting precinct in California. It
had 311 votes on Tuesday, and the count
I was not completed until two hours after
j all others in the town. The precinct will
J probably be divided before another elec
; tion.
NEW TO-DAY.
-.■■:-. :.'.. v : 1~
■
636 Market, Opposite Palace.
- ~- Telephone Main 1333.
SPECIAL SALE
Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
■ „.-■->' .— ,. . . . .. <j
Tea, 35c lb. . ■ ... , Other days 50c.
All kinds, all this year's crop, fresh and good.
Puree de foie eras, 20c tin.
: ,- - - Other days 25g
■'- Daintiest luncheon delicacy. ,
Catsup 15cy pints. Other days 25c.
Bottled' by the largest : wholesale grocery
house In America.
Whisky 75c, 3 bottles $2. ;
. Other days $1.00.
1 Star Taylor, distillery label. '
Everard's New ; York beer. : - :.
Quarts $2.00.- .. .- , Other days $2. 25.
lints $1.25. !..- Other days $1.50.
The popular favorite beyond the Mississippi.
Crosse & Blackwell's .
Onions, quarts 50c. Other days 60c.
■ Picalilli, quarts 50c. . ~j Other days 60c
'-' Holiday delicacies : arriving daily. Kew
catalogue free. .- :i -•% ,*. .'
THE HRIOE
CROWN FLOUR
i HAS THIS DAT BEES. IOVUCEI).
,^; • - ■ ; >OVi£iIBEK 4, 1896. :' . :■ . ;-.^.fj
56
THURSDAY ... ..■.■...■'.NOVEMBER 6. 1896
CHARLES M. SMOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postnje Free :
! Tally and Kunday Call, one week, by carrier.. «0.18
pally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally end Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Pally nnd Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Pally and fcuuday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11...;... 1.60
Yv'ujtLY Calx, one year, by mall. 1-50
6USINESS OFFICE:
?1O Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone J ... :„......:. M*ln-186*
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone..." :.. ■.;......: Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open nntll
»:S0 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larfcin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\v . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; Opel
until 9 o'clock. -
2618 Mission street: open nntll 9 o'clock.
110 Mnth Street; open until 9 o'clock. .
OAKLAND OFFICE:
90b Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Room! 31 and 32, M Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Now for prosperity.
The advance agent is here.
Ibere are good prospects for all.
Everything iv sight is as good as gold.
What will Grover say about it in his
message?
American business knows how to pro
tect itself.
It was not a landslide, but a continental
upheaval.
Every State that Bryan visited went for
McKiuley. _
It was not coercion but cohesion that
did the job.
The agitators of the country got the
grand shaice.
Conservatism knows how to assert itself
on occasions.
The solid South has melted into the rest
of the Union at last.
In the new era of prosperity California
should take a leading part.
We have seen the end of cheap money,
cheap labor and cheap statesmanship.
Confidence has been restored and every
body feels that better times are coming.
We have seen the end of the solid South
and there is comfort in that for patriots.
Perhaps the Cuban question may de
velop into a crisis, but it won't be a big
one.
Even those who voted for Bryan will
soon have reasons to be satisfied with the
result.
Now then, Popocrats, take your crow
good-naturedly — turkey time is coming
for all.
We can now turn onr attention to Great
Britain and take up the Venezuelan mat
ter again.
Democrats and Populists may now dis
entangle themselves from one another and
see where they are at.
The surviving Bryanite can be dis
tinguished in thes days by his eagerness
to change the subject.
Cleveland is great on phrase making,
but he cannot invent one to express hi 3
feelings on this occasion.
The Chronicle may rejoic? for a time over
the defeat of Colonel Taylor, but it will
be sorry for itself before long.
There will be lots of new blood in the
next Senate and it ousht to be good blood
and young blood with vigor in it.
Now is the time for enterprising men to
get together and make Dlans for the de
velopment of the State. There's millions
In it.
California has done well, but had there
been no dissension in the Republican ranks
in this City it would have been a clean
sweep. |
Now that honest money Democrats have
come out of the wilderness they had better
stay out and enlist for life in the party of
prosperity.
It is no loneer polite in the East to speak
of "taking the cake." The cultured
phrase is to say that McKinley walked off
with the premium tulip.
Before Willie Hearst started a news
paper m New York the State w*s Demo
cratic by a large majority, and now it has
become almost solidly Republican.
It 13 stated that high steppers will be
the favorites at the horse show in New
York this season, but it is not explained
whether this refers to the horses or the
ladies.
Republican success in California was
largely due to the fact that the party trea
son of the Chronicle was offset by the
coarseness and <iffensiveness of the Ex
aminer on the other side.
Let due honor be uiven to the Republi
can State Committee. It had a hard fight
in combating the fusion of Democrats
and Populists and has snatched victory
from tue very jaws of defeat.
Protection, sound money, reciprocity,
internal improvem- nts and the upbuild
ing of the American merchant marine
are things we may expect in the near
future, and they cannot come too soon.
Two things of local note are made clear
by tne result of the elections— the Examiner
gained nothing by its fraudulent tactics
and its coarse caricatures and the Chronicle
gained nothing by its party treason and
personal spite.
Had it not been for the ri -lit made by
the Chronicle aeainst the regular Republi
can ticket in this City there would nave
been a much larger victory for the party
in the State and loyal Republicans will
not fail to take note of the fact and act
on it.
*
According to the latest report of the
Commissioner of Patents there were issued
last year 22,057 patents, or one to every
■ 2890 * persons in the country, and when we
. recall the hard times that prevailed, then
it would seem this is another proof that'
necessity is the mother of invention. '
TRIUMPHANT CONSERVATISM.
The significance of the overwhelming
victory of McKinley and Hobart is too
clear to be misunderstood. Many issues
were submitted to the people during the
campaign, but all of them when reduced
to the last analysis was a choice between
the maintenance of the exiiting order of
things and an endeavor to reform them
under tbe leadership of agitators, theorists
and dreamers.
The American people have had four
years' experience with theorists in office.
They trusted the management of tbe
affairs of the Government to free-traders
and philosophical speculators, and the
result has been disaster. The lesson of
that experience has been learned in every
household. Even among those who are
accounted wealthy there has been three
years of enforced economy, and in too
many homes of the land there has been
absolute destitution.
For three years the people have longed
for a restoration of good business. They
have desired to get rid of theorists in
office and to return to the sound and safe
methods which experience has taught to
be best for our welfare. They were in no
mood, therefore, to listen to men who, in
addition to tinkering with the tariff, de
sired to tinker also with finance. The dis
tress resulting from free trade foredoomed
any idea of an experiment with iret- silver.
Back of the sincere reformers in the con
test there wa«, moreover, a whole host of
agitators, some of whom were demagogues,
some of whom were fanatics and all of
whom were inexperienced in public affairs
and seemingly utterly reckless of conse
quences. If we credit most of these men
with honesty of purpose, there would still
remaiu among the most prominent of
them some who were clearly seeking the
gratification of ambition by methods which
were both dishonest and lawless. These
men became conspicuous as the leaders of
tbe Bryan campaign and public alarm was
excited at once.
The American people in a moment of
weakness were willing to trust to such
theorists as Gresharn and Wilson and
others who supported Cleveland, but
never in any mood would they be willine
to truit Altgeld, Tillman and those wfco
were back of Bryan. No cause led by these
men could fi.id favor with the majority of
the Americans. It was a foregone conclu
sion that the people would never follow
them in carrying out a policy which would
have meant revolution in finance, com
merce and industry. When the Chicago
platform Hnd the Chicago ticket were an
nounced to the people old party lines were
broken up, and the conservative elements
of all parties united for the maintenance
of good government.
This is tbe significance of the great vic
tory. The indorsement of protection,
reciprocity, sound money, liberal pen
sions to Union soldiers, the upbuilding of
a merchant marine, the extension of in
ternal improvements, the advancement of
American industries, were but parts of
one great whole. The prevailing senti
ment in all sections of the Union, includ
ing even the Democratic South, was the
overthrow of every foolish dreamer and
dangerous demagogue in the land. How
completely that sentiment worked its
will at the polls is made clear by the re
sults before us. Trie American people
have once more demonstrated their ca
pacity for self-government. They have
shown to the world that not even under
the stress 01 harJ times do they become
reckless and foolish. They have attested
not only iheir patriotism but the virtue
which makes patriotism wise enough as
well as strong enough to maintain se
curely a government of the people, by the
people, for the people, in unshaken sta
bility. ■ \.
A FINAL PARADE.
Republicans of all ranks and conditions
are enthusiastic over the result in Califor
nia and there is a universal demand for a
crani parade and torchlight procession in
celebration of the victory.
The San Francisco County Committee
and the State Central Committee will
hold a joint session to-night to consider
the details of a plan to ratify on a grand
scale as soon as possible after the result is
definitely reported.
It is fit and proper that this celebration
be the finest e*er seen in tho West. The
place of the event has not yet been de
cided upon, but Colonel Stone very
properly suggests that to Oakland and
Alameda County belonc the honor of
having the parade, for it was on the soil
of Alameda County that the State was
saved from the hungry clutch of the
Bourbon anarchists who sought to
stampede this glonous State in
to the Bryan column. The Call
seconds Colonel Stone's suggestion. The
county that gave more than 5000 Republi
can majority and again became the banner
county of California ought to be honored
by the greatest political outpouring ever
seen in tbe Golden W st.
GOOD WORK WELL DONE.
The success achieved by the Republican
parly in California comes even to the most
sanguine almost in the nature of a sur
prise. The combination of Democrats and
Populists gay» a clear ma]ority in opposi
tion to the Republican party when the
campaign began. Dissensions in Repub
lican ranks in this City occasioned by a
few sore- headed leaders in opposition to
the regular ticket added to the difficulty
of the contest. It seemed at one time as if
defeat was certain ; and that victory has
been accomplished is in the highest degree
creditable to the men who conducted the
campaign.
To Major McLaughlin and his feilow
members of the State Committee honor is
due from every loyal Republican. They
mannged every phase of the contest with
masterly skill and waged it from start to
finish with untiring energy. It may be
literally said of them that they organized
victory. They brought into the ranks not
only every loyal Republican but a suffi
cient number of good citizens from among
independents and honest-meney Demo
crats to overwhelm their enemies, and in
the grand triumph of the election they
have a right to wear the laurels of victory.
The County Central committees also de
serve honor and credit for the faithful ful
fillment of woric entrusted to them. In
every case they abiy upheld the State Cen
tral Committee and carried out all its
plans with the activity and zeal of skillful
and resolute lieutenants. To their efforts
it is due that the vote was brought out in
each locality and that so many Republi
cans have been elected in the face of what
seemed to be overwhelming odds.
An important feature of the campaign
was the work done by Republican clubs.
These carried out the plans arranged by
the committee and rallied to the party
those resolute and enterprising men who
fought for success in every part of the
field, and in the main accomplished vic
tory. Such great organizations as the
Union League Club, the McKinley Invin
cibles, the Plumed Knights, the Oakland
Alliance, the Sauta Clara County Repub
lican Club and other associations of the
kind were among the most potent means
of savins; the State from the Bryanites.
Among these cluba were meu represent
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
ing every business and every industry of
the State. All of them are men who bad
affairs of their own to which to attend,
and yet during tbe whole of the long con
test they gave largely of their time, their
money and their energy to the cause of
-Republicanism. They did this for the
general good. They did it for the public
welfare, and their motives were those of
the best citizenship and the truest patriot
ism.
Therefore to the State committee, the
county committees aad the Republican
clubs the peopla of California owe a deep
debt of gratitude. They have redeemed
the State from what threatened to be a
disaster that would have amounted almost
to a disgrace. They have put California
in line with the progressive common
wealths of the Union and made it clear to
the Nation that the prevailing sentiment
of Californians is the same as that of tbe
conservative East. They have removed
her from the column of doubtful States
On all such issues as those involved in this
contest and made it certain that her elec
toral vote will always be cast for "patriot
ism, protection and prosperity."
THE DEFEAT OP TAYLOR.
The defeat of Colonel Taylor in this City
was due wholly tc the Chronicle, Boss
Kelly, Candidate Laumeister and ihe gang
which supported them in their treason to
the Republican organization. The chief
traitor in the combination was the Chroni
cle. Without the strength given by that
paper the conspirators against Republi
can success could have effected nothing.
Colonel Taylor would have b-?en the
Mayor-elect of the City and many another
good Republican now defeated would have
been successful in his aspirations.
Tne effect of the treason oi the Chronicle.
so disastrous in this City not oniy to the
Republican party but to the cause of pood
government, was felt throughout the State.
It disconcerted and discouraged Republi
cans everywhere. It carried confusion
into the ranks in every section of the
State, and many a Republican wo has
been defeated at the polls can trace his
defeat back to the dishonorable course
pursued here by a paper which professed
to have at heart the interest of Republi
canism, and yet sought by every means in
its power to defeat its candidates, weaken
its prestige and prevent its victory.
California would have given a large and
notable majority for McKinley over the
combined Populists and Democrats had it
not been for the dissension raised in San
Francisco by this gang of party traitors
for the gratification of their personal spite,
selfish ambitions and mean jealousies. It
is a matter of gratification that any sue
ce«s at all was gained over so formidable
an opposition aided and abetted by such
formidable treason.
Due credit will be given to loyal Repub
licans who in the face of fusion opposi
tion and in defiance of party treason
fought and won the » great victory for pro
tection aud. sound money which gives
California an honored place ia tbe column
of American commonwealths whose elec
toral votes will be cast for McKiniey and
Hobart. While, however, that credit is
given where it is justly due, loyai Repub
licans will also take note where party
treason deserves condemnation and will
give that also with emphasis and vigor.
The Chronicle may rejoice thH morning
over the defeat of Colonel Taylor. bu f .
sooner or later it will have reason to re
gret its course. Tho Republican party,
which knows how to reward its friends,
Knows also how to punish those who have
betrayed it in the heat of the conflict and
endeavored to defeat it in the ballot.
When the voice of indignant Republican
ism makes itself heard the Chronicle and
its friends will find more cause for sorrow
then for rejoicing in the defeat of Colonel
Taylor, la the weakening of Republican
stiength all over tne State and in the
lessening of the vote for tue Presidential
ticket.
A NEEDED REBUKE.
The complete discomfiture of the Ex
aminer and the New York Journal by the
result of the campaign has given a needed
rebuke to degenerate journalism. It has
made clear the fact that the American
people will not be led by papers whose
money is earned by fakes and frauds,
whose politics are conducted by falsehood
and slanders, and whose circulation is
dependent upon those who delight in
coarse caricatures that carry vulgarity to
the verge of indecency.
What has the Examiner orofited by the
campaign in San Francisco? What has
the Journal profited by the campaign in
New York? Almost every man advocated
by these journals in each city has been
defeated. Even where they have been
successful they have been largely handi
capped by the pubiic condemnation of
the way in which they were supported by
Mr. Hearst's organs. In this City, had
it not been for the treason of the
Chronicle, which largely offset the coarse
ness of the Examiner, almost every Re
pub.ican would have been elected. Even
as it was large numbers of votes given for
the Republican ticket were influenced by
indignation against the Examiner tactics
and a desire to rebuke and condemn that
degenerate phase of journalism.
The disgusting and indecent picture*
which were labeled caricatures of Mr.
Hanna and which were so insistently pre
sented during the campaign produced a
feeling of nausea in the public mind.
Popular sentiment revolted at th-m and
reacted to the injury of the cause they
were designed to assist.
Cttlifornians who are natives of Maine
or of any of the New England States were
outraged by the coarse caricatures of
Thomas B. Reed, whom they justly
honor as the leading statesman of
that section of the Union, and not
a few of them who were inclined
to support the cause of free silver re
fused to support it when such support
would mean an approval of these carica
tures. Californians who are proud of the
hospitality of their Btate were offended
that its reputation should be endangered
by the insulting pictures of a distin
guished guest, and among these also were
many who mi ht otherwise have voted a
Democratic ticket, but scorned to indorse
such offenses against good manners and
good morals.
The defeat of the men who were advo
cated by these two creat exemplars of fake
journalism will be understood by the peo
ple as a condemnation of that journalism
as much as of the candidates it supported.
Certainly the defeat was so intended by
the people. The overthrow of Bryanism
is the repudiation of degenerate jour
nalism. The two things are but different
phases of the same evil. Bryanism in
politics is the natural accompaniment of
cud) journalism as is illustated in the
Examiner and the Journal. Such newspa
pers hreed such candidates, and such can
didates promise support to such newspa
pers for favors received. The triumph of
conservatism in the election means there
lore a repudiation of fakes both in politic*
and in the press. It means that morality,
honor and decency, as wel! as sound
money and protection, are included in the
stead last conservatism of the American
people.
PERSONAL
M. D. Fuller oi Boston Is at the Palsce.
Dr. George H. Worrall of Napa Is in the City.
C. D. Hyland of Lake Merced arrived here
yesterday.
Among the arrivals at the Grand Hotel is
Charles I. Davenport.
W. P. Laramore, a wealthy resident of Car
tersville, Ga», Is at the Palace.
D. P. Tnrpey, a leading citizen of Salt Lake,
arrived here yesterday and is at the Grand.
James Lee, an old resident of Willows Creek,
will winter in the City and can be found at
tbe Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. T. Barton, the big land-owner and exten
sive grower of raisins, is at the Occidental. He
Is here on a business trip.
R. E. Dewey, a large land-owner and an old
resident of SDokane, is in town and stopping
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
I. Murphy, a fruit-grower of San Jose, accom
panied by his wife, is in the City ana located
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. B. Jones of Spokane, who is interested In
mines and real estate and other property In
the Northwest, was among yesterday's ar
rivals here.
James F. Dennis, a leading lawyer of Reno,
Nev., is at the Palace. He is identified
witn Congressman Newlands and others of the
Sharon estate in enterprises at Reno.
Fred Barnar of London, England, who rep
resents a British syndicate which has been
making investments in California mines, is
amon* the arrivals at the Grand. He has been
in California for several weeks.
Thomas B. Reed, accompanied by several
friends, left at 10 o'clock yesterday lor San
Jose and the Lick Observatory. They will re
turn on Saturdiiy and on Saturday evening
Mr. Reed will leave for Maine by way of Port
land aud the Canadian Pacific Railroad.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N\ V., Nov. 4.-The Rev. James
Campbell and Mr. Robinson left the Plaza to
«*il on tho St. Louis for England. At the
Plaza, W. Mitchell; Imperial, W. T. Barton;
Murray Hill, Mrs L. R. Ellcrt; Holland, D.
Klein, Mrs. G. McLear, Miss Me- Lear, Miss Sher
man; Astor. J. Norrls; Broadway Central, J.
A. Parsons: Everett, Mrs. E. Price; Hoffman,
C. Robinson; Grana Union, Mrs. W. L. Vin
cent; Windsor. J. B. Casserly, Mrs. Casserly,
Miss C»Bseriy; Netherlaml, P. A. Hearst.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Hon. Basil Fielding, brother of the Earl of
Denbigh, has entered the Roman Catholic
priesthood.
The oldest living graduate of Harvard is Dr.
Whliam Lambert Russell of Barre, Mass.. who
was in the clasg of '26. He is also senior
alumnus of the medical school, being In the
class of 31.
The new Sultan of Zanzibar is a reformer.
He has ordered that women convicted of crime
shall be kept in prison, and not, as hitherto,
forced to work in chained gangs on the streets
of his capital.
Mercedes, Princess of the Asturlas, who was
Queen of Spain for the few months before the
birth of her little brother, has Just completed
her sixteenth year. She is not pretty, but haa
beautiful eyes and black hair.
Those of Jameson's troopers who were offi
cers in the British army and were discharged
br the court will be ailowei by the War Office
to return to their regimeuts. The officers who
were convicted will be put on the retired list.
As a child King Umberto of Italy was ex
tremely fragile, and as a youth be was very
delicate. When he grew older, however, his
constitution improved, and now he almost
equals his late father. Victor Emanuel, in
robustness.
A London journalist reveals why Sir Henry
Irving plays In America. "These visits to the
United Stales," he says, -'are very profitable,
and they enable Irving to spend money in
Englaud on productions which would not of
themselves pay we.l enough "
LITTLE GiRL'S ELOUCE DRESS.
A pretty shape for little girls' house dresses
is the blouse with Urge sleeves. It is made to
fall very full at the bottom, being cut slightly
circular. The skirt is straight, simply gath
ered into the baud. There is no lining either
in sleeve pr blouse.
The new home-spun linen and cotton fabrics
make extremely serviceable dresaes lor house
wear. One of twine color had the collar and
ruffles of light blue batiste.
Another that resembled a wool cheviot,
being woven in a wide diagonal 01 brown and
white, haa a brown linen collar with ruffle* of
wnite embroidery.
Woolens are trimmed with ruffles of em
broidery or ruffl s of the fabric An effective
and inexpensive trimminp for striped,
checked or other fancy goods Is formed of
ruffles of a plnin color to match one of the
colors in figured fabric.
White lawn with blue pin* or yellow lawn
collar and sleeve band is dainty.
NEWSPAPER ELEASANTRY.
Wayworn Watson— Wot was your daddy's
trade?
Perry Pate tic— he was a seafarin' man.
Skipper of a i-chooner.
Wayworn Watson— l take notice it don't run
in the family. Nobody ever seen you skip a
schooner, did they?— Cincinnati Enquiser.
The leedless graves announced in Oregon
will be popular with appendicltizens.—Phila
delphia Record.
Mrs. Grumpey— Why don't wives rise up and
make their husbands stand around?
Grumpey— Because men never propose to
that kind of women.— Detroit Free Press.
Mcther-in-law— Don't you know that crop
ping your hair so tight as that will make it
fall out?
Son-in-law— Oh, yes; but that's the way I
prefer to lose it.— Judge.
Fweddie— Aw, Miss Cudley, do you believe in
this nonsense about men being evolutea fwom
monkeyg?
MisiCudlcy— Some men may have evoluted
from monkeys, but I'm sure that you never
did.
Fweddie— Ha! ha! Why do you draw the
line?
Miss Cudley— ln your case it w&s degenera
tion instead of evolution.— Cleveland Leader.
Brown— l shall have a cold dinner to-mor
row.
Jones — How do you know?
Brown— My wife went to cooking-school to
day.—New York Town Topics.
" What do you think you will make out of
my daughter's talent?"
Proies.ior (absent-mindedly)— About $3 a let
con if the piano lasts.— Life.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS,
Mist Rosalind Ellicott, an English musician,
has been elected an associate of the Royal
Academy of Music, in recognition of her work
as a composer. This young woman adds an
other to the already long list of rising femi
nine writers of music who are beginning to
wipe nway the reproach so often uttered by
men who deny the possession of intellectual
attainments to women — namely, "Whatever
else women have done, no woman has ever
written music that amounts to anything."
Like most of the male composers. Miss El
lirott showed her talent early, for at 6 years
of age she commenced writing little tunes
which, strange to say, were currectly harmon
ized. She studied composition, etc, at the Royal
Academy when she became old enough to take
serious lessons, and in 18S6 she produced an
overture wbich was performed at the Glouces
ter festival and at the Crystal Palace in 1891.
Since her debut in 1830 Miss Ellicott has
written regularly for the Gloucester festivals.
In 1889 her contribution was a cantata en
titled "Elysium," in 1892 a similar work,
"The Birth of Song," and in 1895 a fantasia
for piano and orchestra performed at the Crys
tal Palace, she has also written a choral
Miss Rosalind Ellicott, One of the
Coming Composers.
ballad for men's voices and orchestra, which
was given at the annual concert at Queen's
College, Oxford, while her part song, "Bring
the Bright Garlands," was given by the Bristol
Madrigal Society with such success that the
composer was promptly elected a member ol
the Incorporated Society of Musicians, which
was then holding a conierence in Bristol.
Miss Ellicott has a remarkable musical mem
ory, being able to carry a whole movement in
her bead before writing it out It is scarcely
necessary to add that she does her own orches
tration. She is a good singer and is in great
requisition as a soprano soloist at concerts.
Further explanations are to hand with re
gard to the Wagner manuscript discovered ai
Zurich. It seems that in 1878 M. Hegar, con
ductor of the leading orchestra in that town,
organized a musical fete in commemoration
of the twenty-fiith anniversary of ihe three
grand concerts Wagner had given in Zurich,
and Wagner sent him ior the occasion, through
nil editor in Paris, a number of orchestral
scores. On the reverse of the sheets were
some fragments of music written in the hand
of the Bayreuth master. Hegar did uot attach
much importauce to them uutil this year,
when the idea came into his bead ox examin
ing them and reconstructing from them an
entire symphony, which in the manuscript
bore this title, "Second Concert Overture, tue
orchestration of which is not completed." At
first it was hoped that this overture was one of
the nine compositions that Wagner wrote on
Goethe's "Faust," of which Bix only figure in
the archives at Bayreuth. Now that verifica
tions have been made it it discovered that the
Zurich manuscript is not unpublished, ior it
la the sicetcn for the overture in G major,
whicti was played in 1832 ai Leipsic, in 1873
at Bayreuth and in 1577 at Berlin.
The Flemish Lyric Theater at Antwerp has
just produced an unpublished opera by Jan
Biock, called "Herbergprincess" (Frincess of
the Inn). The occasion was & veritable sol
emnity; there were orations, ovations, palms
and embraces, for however great the enthusi
asm of the Latiu peoples can become on occa
sion it Is not to be compared to Flemish enthu
siasm when the peopie of Flanders once get
egged on to enthusiasm. The success won by
the opera was largely merited. The libretto by
M. de Tiere is simp c, even naif; it treats of
the eternal combat net ween pure love and
venial love, between good and evil. A young
musician, Merlin, abandons his fiancee for the
princess of an inn, a wily enchantress who
tries to baffle the pure affection of the fiancee
on every point. The opera end* with a scene
of carnage, which goes to show that in this
world virtue is rarely rewarded, but that vice
is generally punished. The Flemish papers
say of Jan Block's score that he is the
Teniers of music, and the comparison seems to
be just, for he seems able to touch the popular
heart and make it vibrate as Teniers did
with his paintings. "The Princess of the Inn"
is being translated from Flemish to French,
and will soon be represented in that language.
An Interesting letter, contributed by Felix
Draeseuke to a Dresden newspaper, descriDes
bow Richard Waguer first conceived the idea
of an invisible orchestra. It was at Purls,
during his stay there from 1839 to 1842, he
frequented the concerts at the Conservatoire.
One day he arrived a little late, and had to
wait till the end of a number in a place where
he was separated from the hall by a wooden
screen, which did not extend to the roof, how
ever. While standing there, Wapner remarked
that the effect of the invisible orchestra was
magnificent, and that tbe sound had a unity
which the orchestra did not possess when
heard in the hall. From that moment he pro
posed to produce a similar efl.-ct, and dreamed
of building a theater where he could carry out
the reform.
There is a good deal of statue-mania all over
Europe, but it is in Germany and France es
pecially that the people delight in "statufy
ing" local celebrities. A comical instance of
how this can be pushed to the borders of ridi
cu c has happened at Ruhla, iv Germany.
The burghers of RubU erected a monument
to the composer Lux, In the supposition that
he was the author of the popular Thuringian
melody, "Ah, How Is It Possib.e Thenl" A
monument for one melody was paying dear
for It, but now the discovery has been made
that the melody in question was really written
by the well-known song writer, Kuchen. The
status to Lux has become a luxury that the
people of Ruhla do Dot know how to dis
pose of.
Mile. Jane Harding, who is billed among
Maplesou's stars for his Western tour, has just
made her Belgian debut at the Monuaie Thea
ter. Le Menestrel says of her: "The beautiful
debutante displayed a magnificence in her
toilette and jewelry which amply confirmed
all the advance notices. With regard to her
powers as a sineor and au actress the best that
one can say Is that her pretty little voice and
evident desire to pie.ise were insufficient for a
svage like that of the Monnaie."
It Is stated that the relatives of the late
Katherina Klafsky are bringing a suit for Hbel
against a certain pt.-rsou who circulated the
rumor that the famous singer committed sui
cide. It is a strange fact, however, that very
few details of Klafsky's last sickness and death
have been made public.
The Emperor of Austria has just conferred
on Carl Goldmark the cross of the Order of
Leopold, which authorizes the wearer to de
mand hereditary titles of nob.lity. The Vien
nese newspapers, in commenting on this, pay
a number of well-deserved compliment! to
the composer.
For the inauguration of the monument to
the celebrated painter Antoine Wstteau in the
garden of the Luxembourg, in Paris Gustave
Charpentier has written s cantata in honor of
the master who painted so many French beau
ties.
Edouard Remenyi, the veteran violinist, Is
expected in this City on Saturday. He will be
tha guest of Professor Sauvlet ana in «v
probability be will only be heard Dy bis
friends, us it is not his intention to give con
certs at all during his stay.
An unpublished opera entitled "Mataswln
tha," words by Felix Dahn and music by
Xavier Soharwenka, has been played with suc
cess at the Orand Ducal Theater of Weimer.
A new opera entitled "Among the Cos
sacks," by M. Elling, has been played with
much success at the theater of Christiania.
A Rood deal of local interest Is taken in the
cumins appearance of Fannie Bloomfield Zies
ler, the famous planlste.
FAIR IN GUATEMALA.
A Meeting of ProsprctiTe California
Exhibitors Xext Friday.
The following communication to the
public has been issued by the California
State Board of Trade r garding the com
ing exposition at Guatemala next March:
At a meeting of merchants, manufacturers
and ether interested citizens of San Francisco
held at the Chamber of Commerce ball in this
City last Friday for tbe purpose of making
arrangements to have this City and State
properly represented at the Central American
States Exposition, which is to open at Guate
mala on the 15th of next March, progress was
made and another meeting was called to take
S lace at the said Chanberof Commerce hall,
[erchants Exchange building, California
street, next Friday, the 6th day of November,
1896, at 2 o'clock r. M.
The election now beinar over, it is antici
pated that more attention, can be given to
these other matters of importance to our City
and State, and it Is slnoereiy hoped that there
will be a large attendance of merchants and
others interested next Friday. You are espe
cially invited to be present.
The meetings heretofore have not been
largely attended, and it has been determined
that If indifference shall continue to be mani
fested on this subject of tuch vital impor
tance, those who are leading in the good cause
will be forced to suspend their efforts. There
fore we ask you at least to give the met-ting
the benefit of your presence and advice,
whether you may desire to exhibit your wares
or not. Bring your neighbors with you; do
what you can to secure a Rood attendance,
that there may be a full and final expression
as to what California ought to do in this
matter. Yours very truly,
J. A. Filcheb, Temporary Secretary.
A JOKE ON THE CAPTAINS
A Grewsome Joke Played on
the Master of the
Vigilant.
Morgue Wagon Summoned for a
Corpse That Proved to Ba
a Dummy.
The crew of the big tug Fearles3 had lots
of fun with the men on the Vigilant and
Active last Tuesday night. They hung a
dummy on the fence, and in the dark it
was mistaken for a corpse. In conse
quence the Morgue was rung up by the
captain of the Vigilant, and the wagon
was sent to Fol*om-street wharf to carry
away the "suicide." When the search
light was turned on the remains the hoax
was at once plain. It was an old suit of
clothes stuffed with straw and a false face
for a head. Around the neck was the
rope, and one hand was up to the neck, or
where the neck should have been, as if to
pull the cord away. On the breast of the
dummy was the single word "Bryan."
Captain John &iluvitch of the tug Vigi
lant is an ardent follower of sound money
and is also a stanch Republican. Tuesday
night last be was on wa eh, but occasion
ally paid a visit to the office at the head of
the wharf to learn how the election was
going. On his way bacK to the vessel
about 11 p. m. Fred Anderson of the Active,
in his mad rare up the wharf, almost
knocked him down.
"My God, captain," panted he, "there
is a man down there who has hung him
self on the fence. What can we do?"
Silovitch went to the scene and one look
was enough for him. It was very dark: at
the time and only an imperfect view could
be gained. He at once made tracks up
the wharf. "Biily," gasped he to the as
sistant superintendent. "Billy, there's a
deaa man hanging on the fence just op
posite the Vigilant. King up the Morgue,
quick, and have it taken away."
"What's the matter with you, John?"
asked Manning. "Men aon't hang them
selves on election night What does the
stiff look like?"
"He's fairly well dressed," answered
Captain Silovitch, "and looks something
like one of the firemen on the Fearless.
Anyhow he's dead, and the sooner you
get the Morgue wagon the better."
It was then that Manning rang in for the
Morgue wagon, and Deputy Coroner Hal
lett went post haste to the scene. An
examination revealed the hoax, and tbe
joke has been on Captain Silovitch of the
Vieiiant and Fnd Anderson of the Active
ever since. Both assert that they knew it
was a Bryan joke from the first, but there
is not a man around the Folsom-street
wharves who believes them.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Sloop-of-Wak Albany— Americus, San Jose,
Cal. The aloop-of-war Albany left Aspiuwall
for New York S. p. ember 28, 1858, and ha 3 not
sines ueen heard from.
The Surplus— L. g., City. It was during the
campaign of 1884 that aery against the sur
plus was raised by Democratic orators in va
rious parts of the country.
A Question of Law— Homesteader, City. The
question asked is one involving the applica
tion of law to facts, and is one of the class not
answered in this department.
Cuba— Two Would-be Insurgents, City. There
is an organization in New York known as
"The Junta," that is in sympathy with the
revolutionists of Cuba, 'lhat organization
might . furnish you the information you de
sire. ■
Authors— L. K. R.; City. "The Bpy" was
wrltteu by J. Fenimore Cooper, "Jacob
Faithful" by Cuptain F.Marryat, "The Scot '<
tlsh Cniefs" by Jane Porter, and -Litfle Lord
Fauntleroy" by Mrs. Frances Eliza (Hodgson)
Owl Cabs— Subscriber, City. None of the car
lines run all night in. this City. There Is no
prospect that at this time any of the lines will
be operated all night for the accommodation
o the people who are forced, to work after 1
o'clock in the morning. . "<«* «iwr i
Easter Sunday— P. r., city Easter Sunday
in 1846 and 1847 did not Ml on the v? of
? V VkJ a 18 , 46 il fell on the 12th of Apru an i
I" 184 .7 n A r V *• The only nine* si nee 1801
that Easier tell on ih Ist of Anrtt vf-o
1804, 1866, 1877 and 1888. P * M m
Va Premium Dolt^r_j.~i7 C, Corning Te
hama County; Cal. a United States silver dot
of 1779 with six stars facing command. iv
ceuts, and, one with five stars Tacine ™m
mands a premlara oi from 40 cents tofl 5p m '
"Dance iof Death"-H. . W., Sebastopol So
noma County, Cal. The "Dance of Death'-I,
son-, begmning with Adam and Eye
hTus^oSS^^ 0 ' 1 C ™ ™ •"£ "
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest. U. S. Report
ABSOLUTELY PURE
SHOWING ITSELF
IN COURT AGAIN
Third Appeal of the Hale
& Norcross Now
Pending.
Question of Alleged Conspiracy
D,scussed at Some
Length.
THE METHODS OF ASSAYING.
Claim Advanced That the Differencj
Between Two Modes Involves
Over $300,000.
The litigation to which W. W. Fox and
the Hale & Norcross Silver Mining Com
pany are parties is once more before the
Supreme Court of the State upon the
third appeal. The brief of the appellants,
the Jrtale & Norcross Company, was placed
on file yesterday. In the caae there is
engaged a long array of legal talent for
the appellants, including W. F. Herrin,
Lloyd & Wood, Garber, Boalt & Bishop,
Bishop & Wheeler and W. E. F. Deal.
The brief ia very long, and embraces «
much that is of interest in view of the^
amount involved and the great amount of
publicity which the case has achieved.
A part of the space is given up to the
discussion of the allegations concerning
conspiracy, which were the sensational
part of the proceedings at the outset. "A
simple conspiracy," says the attorneys for
the appellants, "however atrocious, unless
it results in actual damage to the party,
never was the subject of civil action, and,
though such con piracy be charged, the
averrment is immaterial and need not be
proved.
"The complainant will not be allowed
to extend the inquiry beyond ihe plaia
allegation of his complaint, because he
may have charged in other parts of his
pleadings the existence of the general
conspiracy to wrong the Hale & Norcross
Company. Fraud must be specifically
charged, and the burden of proof is upon
him who alleges it. Hence we find the
plaintiff is required to sustain his allega
tions, und failing in that he is not entitled
to recover. Tried by the standards thua
raised the case will very quickly end."
The grounds upon which the third ap
peal is based are many, among them being
the alleged failure of the proof of allega
tion, the alleged error of the Superior
Court in its determination of the value of
the ore delivered to the mills, and that
"tue case is wholly barren of any evidence
to support or justify a finding of fraudu
lent or imperfect milling of the Hale &
Norcross ores at the Nevada and Mexican
mills."
The brief also sets un that there was a
difference ol $326,488 54 between the two
modes of determining the value of the
ore. The battery sample assays show, it
was alleged, the true value and the car
sample assays proved unreliable. Only
the fine ore was selected for sample and
that method gave an exaggerated value.
These are some of the claims set up on the
third appeal.
CONTRACT AWARDED
Bateman Bros.' Bid on the Xew Munici-
pal Building Was the Lowest
Offered.
The Board of Supervisors has apparently
determined not to waste any time in get
line the new municipal building uniier
way now that the bids for construction
have been received. When the proposals
were opened on Monday they were re
ferred to the Municipal buildings Com
mittee to determine which was the most
advantageous to the City, and whether
the bidders were responsible.
The committee held a meeting yester
day and award d the valuable contract to
Bateman Bros. fors 254,600. Tbis was the
lowest bid. The other bidders whose
tender 3 were considered were: T c Cali
fornia Construe ion Company, $269,883 40-
J. F. Riiey, $274,172; M. Mi-G-nwan, $273 ~
900; and James P. Leahy, $274,350.
The ground on which the main building
is to be constructed has been cleared up,
and work on the foundations of the fine
structure will be begun very shortly. The
Morgue building is to be torn down as
soon as the contractors are ready to begin
rebuilding.
California glace iruits, 50c lb. Townsend I**1 **
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Ailen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Victor Hugo's granddaughter, Jeanne, who
was divorced from her husband, Alphonse
Daudet's sou, a year ago, is about to marry a
son of the late Dr. Csarcot, the investigator of
hypnotism.
Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic and Facine PaJlroad, Mania «•«
route will continue to run cally through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through 'rates to an
points in the United States, Canada, Mexico
Europe, Excursions through to Boston laavs
every week. - San Francisco tlcke; office. 611 Mar
ket' street,- Chronicle building, lelephone main,
1531; Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
Phillips' Kock Island Excursion*
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via tt\t
Grande and .Rock Island ■ Railways. • Throng
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany, these excursions u>
boston. >or tickets, sleeping-car accommodation]
and ' further Information address Clinton Jo a as.
General Agent Koc* Island '*.»»/. •*> .Mj.i.
gomvry 'street. San j-ranclsco
. > , ' : • ♦ — • ':■
_ Faded, hair recovers its youthful color and
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Bai sak.
Pabkke's Gingkb Tonic cures inward pains.
„■■ ' -... : '»'»'«"■ — "
"Brown's BROKcniALTRocnBs" relieve Throat
Irritations caused by Cold or use of the voice. The
genuine sold only in boxes. -
«—« — « — « —
An persons afflicted with dyspepsia will find
Immediate relief and sure, cure by using Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters.
THKbest anoJyne tor tne cure of bronchitis Is
1 yer's Cherry Pectoral. It gives prompt relief,
followed by cer aln curf .
A committee of i otabllities from all parts of
Holland has been appointed to consider a na
tional eift to the Queen Regent in 1898. in
rec.>gn tion of the manner in which she has
carried on the government of the state during
the minority of the Queen.THUKsDaY SOVKMB. R 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
. Tajt'ti-x Thbatek.— • Chatterton " and "The
Love Chase."
California Tbkatkb. — " Darkest Russia."
• STODday, November 9.
<rirvnA ' ••' 'Tennessee's Partner. *
Columbia TnKATKB. — Columbia Dramatic
School, this afternoon.
Morosco's OptKA-UousK— -Drifting Apart."
Tivoli Oi-kba Bodbk.— -The Babea In the
»\ ood.'
. CBPHKru— Hlt--.na.<w VandovtllW
/> I-Cazar Thkater •• Love on Crutches,"
.». X ?, W BdBH strket Theater.— T. A. Kennedy,
the Hypno.ist. 8a urday night.
Metropolitan Temple.— Piano Recital, Toes-
day evening, ovember 10.
_ Odd Fklix>wb' Hall.— Address on "Our Lord's
• Second Coming," sunjay night.
. M iso i i — i. ,v, re „„,, , wr rornuinc^.
The chutes and Skating RiNK.-Daily at
• Haigh siren, one block east of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockey Clhb— Races.
AUCTION ! AL S
By Cook A Co —This day (Thursday), China-
»are, at 123 Kearny st., at 10:45 o'clock.
' By J. C. Muther— This day (Thursday). Gro-
cery More, at corner of Howard and Fifteenth
streets, at 11 o'clock.
Tv s. Fasch— day (Thursday), Furniture,
at 819-321 Sitter street, at It .30 o clock.
1 v Bcx.irvAN«t Doyx-k— Friday, November B,
orses, etc., at 220 Valencia street, st 11 o'clock*
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
•The estate ni Lydiu A. Spaldine has been ap
praised at $68,634 39.
E. 1.. Si.sl;.- broke the quarter of a mile
American swimming record last evening.
Tne British ship Belford has gone to Sauea
lito to jay up until freight rates are higher.
San Francisco has elected one Senator and
■even AsM-mb.ymeii to the next Legislature.
A. T. Hatch waa yesterday su«»d for $750 due
on & promissory note dated February 1, 1896.
The Weather Bureau says cloudy to-day,
■threatening to-night, and with southwest
winds.
Gu.stav Walter left for the East last evening
to nrrange :or a theater ciicuit across the
Country.
The Bennington got In from Port Angeles
yesterflay. She will be overhauled and sent to
Honolulu.
Charles Stephany, a stationer, yesterday
filed a petition in insolvency. He owes $445,
and has assets vaiued at $s6o.
. W. S. Manning, the popular young ssslstant
superintendent of the SpreckelsTowboat Com
pany, was married lest Saturday.
Republicans are loud in their denunciation
of LaumeUter aud M. H. de Young in securing
the defeat of Colonel C. L. Taylor.
The Woman's State Central Republican Club
held a jollification meeting last night over the
election of Major McKinley as President
. Edward Darrell, a painter living ai 605 Pine
Street, swal owed a dose of morphine last
night, thinking it was anii-pyrine, but lie will
recover.
The prevailing conv'ction among the people
yester.iav was that the election of McKinley
has brought back new life and prosperity to
the Nation-.
The long drawn-out litigation concerning
the Hale <fc Norcross mine has reached the
stage of fiiing of briefs on its third appeal ia
the Supreme Court.
Edward Enckson, a tramp, broke open a
j..ostal-box on JBernal Heiehts yesterday after
noon because he wns too lazy to work, and
warned to be sent to Jail.
George B. Conant and Thomas 8. Williams,
• indicted by the Grand Jury for libeling Judge
Hebbard, yesterday pleaded not guilty. They
will be tried November 13.
The Municipal Buildings Committee of the
Board ol Supervisors will recommend that the
contract for the new Hearny-sireet structure
be awarded to Bateman Bros.
James Allen, an old man living at 2 Illinois
street, during a. family row last night wns
•wounded on the head by his son James and
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
An entertainment will be held to-nipht at
the residence of Mrs. J. P»t toe, 2505 Leaven
worth street, the proceeds to co toward an
emergency hospital for little children.
The tenth anniversary of Golden Gate
Union. Y. P. S. C. E., will be held at the First
Baptist Church this evening. The quarterly
convention will also be held at the same time.
There will be a grand ratification of the
election of McKinley, and as Alsmed* saved
the State for him by a majority of 5000 there
is a proposition to ratify there instead of in
Ban Francisco.
The Fish Commissioners received a carload
of valuable fish on Monday. They will be de
posited in the different waters under the
direction of C. H. Townsend, United States
Fish Commissioner.
Yesterday was "ladies' day" at Ingleside
track ana over 3000 members of the fair sex
were in attendance. The winning horses were
Scotch Rose, Hermann*, Wheel of Fortune
Caliente, J O C and Ranardine.
C. S. Wells, the crrrk California cycler,
reached here from the East last night, after a
Successful season on the National racing cir
cuit, accompanied by R. P. Aylwnrd, the man
ager of hi ..self and Otto Ziegler Jr.
, The Woman Suffragists are Indignant at the
unexpected course of the Chronicle, which ad
vised voters to oppose the sixth amendment at
the polls and also caricatured woman sul
frage on a screen on election night.
' There was much excitement on the Stock
and Bond Exchange of San Francisco yester
day as a result of the election of McKinley.
United States bonds advanced .$2. aud securi
ties of San Francisco made a sudden leap ud
ward of $1 to $3. . r
A REMARKABLE BOOK.
It Was Written by a Man Who Had
I Lost Both of His Hands.
. It is not very often that a book is writ
ten by a man without hands, and is at the
. the same time able, as one might say, to
stand on his own feet. Th»re bare been
: freak? and nothing mor\ This, however,
" was not the case with a very interesting
book. Mr. Cooper Chad wick's "Three
Years witn LobenKula," of which every
wprd was written by the author with a
pen after he had lost both his hands by a
gun accident in llashonaland. It was
done with a penholder tied to the stump
of his right arm.
The stereotyped phrase as to th« ''facile
• pen" might sound rather out of the way
in such a connection as tnis. At the same
time it would nevertheless be quite ap
plicable. The book is a clearly drawn,
naturally colored picture of soldiering and
"wild life in South Africa. Her*, for in
stance, is a vivid sketch 0} the "justice"
of the gentle Lo Ben, on whom a good
deal of maudlin sentiment has been
wasted in this country. A. man bad been
guilty of the terrible offensa of stealing
some of the Kind's b. er. He was caught
and this is what happened:
"The King turned and slowly addressed
him. "You have disobeyed the Kind's
commands and drunk his beer. Your
ears will not listen to the King's orders,
bo they are of no further use to you. Cut
off bis ears.' Two attendants immediately
sprang up and cut off the man's ear* close
to his head. "You have tasted the Kin . 's
beer ; with your toneue. Cut out bis
tongue.' was the next order, which was
promptly carried out. . Alter a little
time the King said : 'Your nose has
smelt the King's beer.. Cut off his nose.'
Thi-. was faithfully performed by tee two
executioners, who appeared to enjoy, their
sickening woric. Filially the K:ng said:
"Your eyes have seen the King's beer.
Cover his eyes." This vas done by peel-
Ing down the skin of 'he forehead until it
limped over the wretched man's eyes.
The King tb^a waved his hand to have
" the man t^Ken out of his presence, and he
was left to die on toe veldt at the merry
p.*. the wolves and jackals.— Pearson's
Weekly.
— » » » — _>
The invention of the organ is very
ancient, though it is agreed it was little
used till the eighth century. It seems to
have been \ borrowed \ from ; the ■ Greeks.
Vitruvius describes one in his tenth book.
The Emperor Julian has an epigram in its
praise. St. Jerome ' mentions: one i with
twelve pairs of bellows, which ' might be
heard, a thousand paces or ?a-< mile, and
another at Jerusalem : wh eh mitsDt have
been heard as far as the Mount of Olives.
Trunks Moved 25 Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
Tel. main 49. Furniture moved reasonably,*
PHELAN IS ELECTED MAYOR.
The Charter Is Defeated
by a Very Small
Majority.
WIDBER CHOSEN TREAS
URER OVER MARTIN.
W. F. Ambrose Superintendent of
Streets— A Democratic Board
of Supervisors.
THE CONTEST FOR AUDITOR NOT
YET DECIDED.
Hebbard, Hunt, Dunne and Cook Chosen for Judges
of the Superior Court anfl the Old Police
Judges are Re-elected.
Figures received as late as 3 o'clock this
mnrnin* show the defeat of the charter by
about 1400 votes.
The latest figures appear below and they
embrace b*- mi-official returns on the mu
nicipal ticket from 282 precincts, and in
complete though nearly full returns from
14 precincts.
Seventeen precincts, however, failed to
reach either the Registrar's office or the
news bureau at the close of the tabula
tions submitted.
The following are the latest figures:
Against the charier there were 15,619
votes and for it 14,213.
On Mayor the figures stood: Phelan
D. 25.295, Taylor R. 18,412, Laumei«ter
C. E. 6295. Dimond A.-C.D. 2759, O'Don
nell lnd. 1672 and Everett S. L. 812.
For Auditor the vote stood: Broierick
D. 21,425, William A. Deane R. 20,977.
Chapman C. I. 7042, Strother A..C. D.
2523, Wells C. R. 2206.
For Tax Collector JTisher D. received
2971 votes against Block's 20,517 and Wet
j jens R. 16,305.
For Treasurer Widber received 16,893
against Martin's 13,603.
In the race for Attorney and Counselor
Creswell D. received 21,76b against 18,261
for Aithen R.
For Police Judges the successful candi
dates were: Campbell R., Conlan D.,
Low R. and Joachimsen R. The vote was
as follows': Conlan 30,589, Campbell
30,204, Joachimsen 19,558 and Low 18,378.
The Justices of the Peace elected are:
Groezinger R., Carroll D.. Cook R.,
Kerrigan R., and Barry R. The vote
was: Groezinger 22,423, Barry 20,789,
Kerrigan 18,950, Carr oil 18.269. and Cook,
18,165.
For Surveyor Tilton R. leads Bunner
D., the vote being 19,874 to 16.388.
For Superintendent of Streets, Ambrose
D. leads W> tmore C. L by a vote of
18,661 to 12,937.
For School Directors the twelve in
the lead are: Drucker R., Barring
ton I)., Halstead R., B. Armer
D., Hammond R., Walter D., Ca
rew A. C. D-, Burns D.. Gallagher D.,
Bantel U. L.. Fredericks R., Byrne D.
Jfor Treasurer, unexpired term, Widber
R. leads Martin C. R.
For Superintendent Public Schools, un
expired term, Webster R. leadi Babcock
U. L.
For School Directors, unexpired term,
Sopher R. and U. L. leads Knox R.
For Supervibors — Devany D. leads Hayes
R. in tue First Ward ; Second Ward, Has
kins D. leads Wessenberg R. ; Third
Ward, Deuny D. leads Hanly R. ; Fourth
Ward, Sbeehan D. leads Phelps C. R. ;
Fifth Ward, Dodee D. leads Walking
ton R ; Sixth Ward, Lackmann R.
leads Wolf D. ; Seventh Ward, Rottanzi
D. leads Daly R.; Eighth Ward,
Morton R. leads Conklin D ; Ninth
Ward, Britt D. leads Heilmann X. ;
Tenth Ward, Smith R. leads Gildea D. ;
Eleventh War I, Clinton D. leads Truman
C. N.-P.; Twelfth Ward, Rivers D. leads
Aigeltlnger R.
In the fight for Superior Judge Hebbard
C. N. P., Cook R , Dunne D. and Hunt R.
win. The vote stands: Henbard 27,747.
Cook 21,167. Dunne 20,394 and Hunt 13,323.
MUNICIPAL TICKET.
[Abbreviations — The following ab brevlatlong
designate the various parties: 8., Republican;
D., Democrat; P., Populist;* A.-C D., Anti-Charter
Democrat; C. R., Cltiiens' Republican; B. 3 L.,
Socialist Labor; C. N.-P., Cltirens' Non-Part Jsan;
1., Independent; U. L., United Labor; Pro., Prohi
bitionists C L, CltleeDg* Independent.]
THE NEW CHARTER.
Ye 5..................... 14,218
N0....... 16,619
. • MAYO 15. •-
Joseph I. Dimond, P., A.-C. D...' 2 7«,0
Oliver Ever* 1, K. L....... .-.••••♦••• 'LZ
Charles *. l.aumsister, C X. ..'" "* a >>os
C. C. O'JJonneli.l .......... ■""" 1672
James D. Pbclan. C. N.-P.. D... ..*""**"" 2ftvn?
Charles 1* Taylor, U. R., C. £"".".!"'."; 18 4ljj
AUDITOR,
William £roderlCK, D., N.-P. ........... 21 425
A. F. Chapm»D, C. 1::.'.;.. ........... '" 7'ii42
William A. i>eane, R., U .L-... ...... '" 20977
F.eet V. btrotber, P., A.-C. D •••••••• ■""•?.,;
Asa R. Wglls, C. .R.... ;..........:.;.-...... 3,206
TAX COLLECTOR.
JaraPS N. Block, C. S.-P., !».„.....*..... 20,617
Godfrey Fisher, P., A.-C. D...;.... .......... 2 971
' Edward 1. linen an, C. R ...... ...";........ 8.J03
CordH. WetJen.D. L., R., C. L... ;.......... 18,a05
'
TREASURER.
William A. A5mn55en, : D.*.'.......':::r... .'..". 13.134
Henry Doscber, U.l*. 1., A.-C. D.... 8.579
Heury 8. Martin, C. R........;. ....;. IS.tJ^H
tv o. Steams, C. 1.r.... ..:.:..."......"... 1 b,V93
Augustus C. Wldber, R., C. N.-P. 16,81)3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR.
John R. Aitken. U. L.. R., C. 1 18,261
a. Barnard, C R A. 969
Harry T. Creswell, P., D., C. N.-P 21,760
T. Carl Spelling, A.-C. U 3.&.H8
SURVEVOB.
John C. Banner, D 16.388
Robert Munch. C. L 6.'266
F. T. New&erry, P 1,886
.oil D. Morion. C. N. P., C. R 7.697
Charles S. Tilion, X.. U. L 19,874
BUPERINTKNDKNT OF PUBLIC
STRE iTH, HIGHWAYS AND
SQUARES.
William F. Ambroie, 0 18,661
George \V. r.lder, R.. U. L 6,659
D. L. Farmworth. C R. 6,h17
IK A. MRedonala. P., A.-C. If H. 241
August Mu.ler, 8. L. 1,109
George P. W r eimore, C 1., UL N.-P. 12,937
JUDGES OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
Chegley K. Honestell, R 9.939
Rhod.-s Bord n, C. -..-P., D 12.9-9
W. O. Burke, P., A. C.-D 6441
Wllllaai H. chaprna-i, U. U, C 1 8.623
Carroll Cook. U. h., R.. C. R 21,1b9
frank H. Dunne, P., I). , V. L. 2J..894
Robert terral, P.. A. C.-D 11,8t>5
John K. Flun, C N.-P., R., C. R 9.7c3
J. C. B. HebbarU, V. N.-P 27,747
John Hunt. C. .N.-P., R.. C. R 1H.523
Frank W. Law 'it. A. C.-D 3 BdU
Joseph L*. gett. P., A. C.-D 3 «29
Fran* j. Murmty, 1) 11.368
T W. vowli 1, C. 1 4. 23
Horace W. Phtlbr ok, 1 11,073
Ausila A. Saiiderson, D., C. L. 11.73«
K. V. sawyer, C. L, C. R 8.37J
JUDGES OF THE POLICE COIRT.
James A. Campbell, U. I*, 1., C. R. 50. 205
(.banes T. Conlan, P., D., C. >.-P 30 689
Wi.i.am K. CirUley, s. L. 1,964
John s. fc. nos, C. 1 6,:>35
1 harles H. Forbes, TJ. L., C. R 6.878
George W Fox, A.-C. D. 2 977
Walttr GaJlu he-, P. .a.-C. U fi.MH
Wiili in .1. <;«v gun, A.-v. V 7 056
Bumetle G. Ha>Kell, P 2,0 6S
Henry L. Joachimsen. C. R., R., C. 1., 0,
N-f 19,568
M aril 11 G Loeffler, C. I- S 6<4
Charles A Low, C N.-P., R., C. R 18.37S
W. A. H. .Moliuno 1. C. 1 7 H9B
Stephen R. u'Keefe, D., U. Ii .. 10 6 4
G. A. Procior, U N.-P.. D 8 43 1
P. Sllvemeln, S. L. 1 t>49
J. A. bpinetti, P.. D 12 77 •
Alfredß. read well, R., U. L. 16 MO7
H. Warneckear., «. L. 1,570
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
A. T Harriett. C. R... I" 1 61"
J. K. Barry. C. .s.-P., R., U. I*. C. R 20,789
John A. Carroll, I)., U. L. in ab9
G. W. F. Cook. U. L., R., C, I 18 165
K. C. Cord.; I, C R..... 8 48i
OtorgeH. Kill, P ;. 3.150
J. C. Flood, P., A.-C. D  8.068
Sands " . Formin, P., D :. 15 gg
G. C. Oroezlnger, U. L,, R., C. 1., C R 2UA'i9
Hani T. H ss. P., D., V. I:.. 11 079
John J. Ki-nnrdy. P., 1>;..... 14 i tit
Frank H. Ker luan, C A.-P., R.. C. R 18 960
James li. McKnlght, C. 1....V. 8 891
Orrln K. Mcilunay, R., C N.-P....... 11*259
John O'Gar ,C. N.-P., D., A.-C D.. .'."!'. 13*773
Prank Scbl.lln*, A.-C. U e!803
William Tumsky, i Hlt9
William K. White, C. N.-P., A.-C. D 9*028
SUPERVISORS.
First Ward.
Lawrence Dcvany, D., C. N.-P. 19 4flfl
John Haves, C. R., R [ 16^9 7
Henry Hupprrt, P , 18 78
ti. A. J'ct rson, S L 154 i
u. iuuo.ci .;;; 6b8 5
Stephen aangulnetll, V. L.. A.-O. D 2, 32
Second Ward.
Jeremiah Browell. C. R. 5 932
Thomas H. Haskins, D.v. ..'..,: " io'(i«,«
Kmi, Kehrleln. P.,A.-U.D... ' 3347
W. O. C. Pitt. U. L ... 'Ilk
A. J. Siv»l ,8. L ' " ] Hsfl
Daniel W. W MM nbirg. «.,U L .'.." u'h"l
diaries Zeile, CN.-P.. 8,341
Third Ward.
P. M. Del any, D .#......... 19,602
George D. a U«-spie, P., X.-C. D.... '..'..'.'..",' 3'7^f
Alt red rimes, 8. L. 2*090
John L. i.anly.C. .N.-P., R " 171,110
BargentS. Morton, U. L.. C, R. .'. 12|29U !
Fourth Ward.
William H. Phelps. C. 1., C. R., C. N.-P.... Ie 465
Charles W. Pope, P., A.-C. ....... 4 000
Carl Pr.zaic, S. L. . ...... ........ ......!. i«e4
John U. fcheeh»n,D., U. L ..,.,: - 21 7rh
Uenr/ A. Steffeug, it........ '.'.'.'.'.'.'. i^ggg
Pl^P Fifth Ward. i
Washington Dodße,' D., C.N.-P... 19 460
J.y. Stone, C. I, P., A.-C D..... 8481
Richard Valentine, C. X.. U. L.... " " «iSj
Thomas G. WalkluKton, R f ... '"" 13 ig)(
Sizih Ward.
W. P. Baruth. H L. j 451
Fred W. Katon, A.-C. D..: " -j'aln
John Lackman, X., C. v.-P '" ulan
W. K. Lane, V. L., C. 8., C. X ' ' 10 ISO
John wolf, d :........;.::;■. i"^
Seventh Ward.
James H. Daly, U.L.R..,,.., 12 111
Charles Grambartb, U. 1.: ggoQ
Joseph A Juhuson, P., A.-C. D 2 441
V. A. Kearney, C. K. •„., "*." 3 ' H92
T. A. Rottanzi. D.v :..... 20 *92
F. Schiller, s.li :.......... V 770
Peter Van Pelt, C. N.-P ,*"" 3,608
Eighth Ward.
Frank Conklln, D. ....... ...15 33
.H. A. Cop«l»nd,- 8. L ...."..'..............;..,. 1*731 ■
John Haye-. V.L... .■.."...:."..::.;. . 1*222
Frank Malloye, P.. A.-C. D ;. 6 6 75
Thomas M nOB, H., C 1....... ■• 17 407
Colin M. Smith. C. N.-P "*~* 4550
Frank D. Worth, C. K.r... ..::... 497
Ninth Ward.
James K. Brl D.. ...*... 17 278
H. B. Goecken, V. L., P., A.-C. D 4'oii
Klchard W. Heilnjann. X.... .;.......;... ' 10 149
Alber Heyer. C. N.-i\. ...;......:....... 7'9-ss
Joho K. MclJoußold. C 8. ............. ""* 3549
i-.a Pierce, C. 1~.... ....... .....;........;;! .«; 36 5
(H.( H. Waruecte Jr.. 8. L. .-.-.'.. I^2o
Tenth M ard.
1 William Fahey. U. L., P.. a.^;. D.. 4517
Lucius H. Foote. 1 . N.-P., C. 1.... ' * 11383
Joseph Ualllard/U R."..V... ....;........ ."_ 96«
Charles Uild a, D..'...;..:.:.. ......... "** la'aSi
H. auh.ender. 8. 1,.. ....:.■.....„ """ 1594
Kdward J. Smith, K. ......... ...r...".;1".".:1 17,571
.Eleventh Ward.
B. H. Baumelster, C. R 4,536
E. A. Bohm, s. U i 429
CharlesA Clinton. D 17 600
CbHr.es M Oept-vv, II 10 ;3 '
D. B. lodd, P, A.-C. D 5,446
I. J. Truman, U. I*. OL N.-P., i. I , 12 277
-Twelfth-Ward. 1
Edward H. Algeltinger.R , V. X..-...;....... 11,510
W. J. Blggy. C. >". P. B,lfil
J. JS Conwell, C. 1 ....;; ' 6 70
John Arthur Drlnkhouse, C. H... 6.345
E. Hoffman. S. I. i 304
T. C Parker, A. C. D 2.088
John M. Reynolds, P..;.... ....;....;...-.....• 1,267
Thomas W. Rivers, D 15,490
SCHOOL DIRECTORS. '
Marc Anthony, C. B. 10,418
Benjamin Armer, D...... ............14,446
Sidney Aroier. Si. L ."......•.... 2,7-8
Charles A. Bantel, D., U. I* 12,866
Charles L. Harrington, D., C. N. P, 16.5U5
D. A. Bean, 8. l> 2.. 93
A. K. 81-ke, P., A. C. D... ... 8> 644
Wallace Bradford, C 1..'. ;.....;. 10 821
Frank Bragg, U.L., P.. A. O. D ............. 6,745
Miss J. Becuhl. ii l> 5,1. 5
George 8. Burnett, C. R...... , B,^BB
Th'iinas A. Burns, D 1.\369
M. chuel Byrne, 1),. ........... :.;.•.....- 12.1. 3
Thomas ■<. Carew, G. IS. P., P., a. C. D..... 13 572
J. F. Clark, C. R., U. L 8.1 ! 4
W. U. Clark, C. 1 .-.- 8 977
J. C. Crawford, P., C. I n 3^4
Henry A. Conrad, D. 9,495
A. Contl, S. I* 1,»34
J. F. Crosett, C. 1..... 9,337
H. L. Curtis, U. L.., C. N. P., C 1t..... 10,610
W. Jones Cuthber.son, P., a. C. D.. ....... 2.59T
C. T. Deane, >.'. X... 9,7 g
Willla n A. Derliam, D.. 8,963
J. J. lio ling, A.-C D. .....; 3485
George I. 1 nicker, X., C. It. 28,476
P. 1. Flynn, A -C. D ....'..: ■■.. . 3,519
Charles E. Fredericks, R. 12,250
Kdword J. Gallagher, D., C. N.-P 12..VJ9
Paul Uroltkau, f< L '" 1.8-8
James U Hal-ted, I". li., R., C. 1., C. N.-P.. 14,t>39
Ph Ip Hammond, R. ..„;...; 14 056
Kdward Hurtrick, 1>.... ID 401
Charles H. Hawley, C R..... 6.772
Kdwln 1+ Head, 1t.......'. lS, t; 9l '
Mrs. C. Hecht, S. L...... .. 2 28»
H. C. Henderson, C. N.-P., c. I 11.0&0
A. H. Kay ton. C X...'. V,l7i
W llilam A. Kemp, R 9 500
William T. Kibbler, R., U. L, 5 470
C. J. Klnij, C. 1...... 103
George A. Kolin, R., C. N.-P................. 9,389
K.H. Luke, C. it , 4,t>07
George H. Lent, C. >'.-P 2 931
W. Lewis. *<. L. %.. 1 555
C. H. Maddox. C. N.-P....: 1,948
Krnest ri. Manner, : ..'.... 8,8 9
John J. McCarthy, P., A.-C.D ..;.........,- 9 8.7
Andrew Mcelroy, C. R., U. L., C. N.-P..... 7,854
B. A. Meyer, C. 1 7,762
H. B. Moray, A.-C D. 2 758
H. R. M. r;on. P., A.-C. D. ■2,49:
James O'> onnor, U. L., I*.,' A.-C. D.. " 4 :,00: ,00
Richard Pen«e:ly, C. I- ]]][ «,Bbs
Gustave Peterson, C. L. • 8 001
J. K. Phillips, P 1,499
William H. Powers, R., C. 1t..;.:.; . 11 848
W. C. Read, A.-C 1) "... 2,483
John T. i.edinoml, C. R. , t . t b'i, 8
>U»s Jane A. RouUton, S. L 1,946
John T. Scott, C 1 8,588
Thomas K. Shumate, D.... v 3,59
William H. Sir burst, D... 10,3*3
Lincoln tSonntae, C. R. 5,568
Joseph H. Soper, C, N.-P., R., U. L. '. 9.190
Miss A. Sirunsky, S. L... 2.173
Gnsiove A. Troit, P., A.-C. D....... 3,620
F. L. Turpln, X., U. L. 7,v;a9
Samuel L. Waller, C. N.-P., D., U. L.. P 13 842
J. H. Wiley, P.. C. I ......'.. 7,732
TREASURER.
(Unexpired term muling January 4, 1897)
William A. ABmussen, D.... — , m 11219
Henry Uoschi r, U. L., A-C. D 8,152
Henry S. Mart n. C R.... 11,646
Augustus C. Wldber, R. 18,890
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC
SCHOOLS.
(Unezplred term ending January 6, 1899)
Madison Babcock, 1., C. L...... 12,262
James H. Simmons, 1)., A-C. D 11, 5i 4
Charles B. Stone. C. R 5 873
Reginald H. Webster, C. N-P., R., c. 1....'.. 16.602
SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
(Unrxpired t rm ending January 4, 1897)
Marc Anthony, C. R .....;....'.....-. 12 256
A. E. Blake, A-C. !>.. ;.. 6 311
Frank Bragg, 17. L 4.007
P. J. ton ran, I) 9.953
Thomas R. Knox, C. N-P., R., C. R 13,14*5
Milton S. Latham, 1) 10,161
James U'> onnor, A-C. D..:;....;.- ;..-....;. , 6,542
Joseph 11. boper, C. N-P., R., V. L 13,771
FIERCE EIRE IN THE
GLOBE THEATER
When Flames Start Behind
the Stage There Is a
Stampede.
THE STAGE MANAGER INJURED
St. Louis Visited by an Early Con
flargation in Which Much Dam
age Is Done.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Nov. s.— The Globe
Theater, Defreen Walnut and Elm streets
on Seventh street, was entirely destroyed
by fire about 3 o'clock ths morning.
When flames were discovered back of
the stage at 2:50 o'clock forty persons,
men and women, were in the building.
The fire spread rapidly, but all the occu
pants escaped, though with difficulty.
William Gray, the stage manager,
jumped from the third-story window and
sustained fatal injuries.
The Garner Hotel caught fire in the
rear and was damaged considerably. The
loss on the theater building is $15,000.
"SO LONG."
The Probable Origin of This Often-Used
Phrase.
An interesting copy of clearly original
verses was picked up in Holloway Jail not
long ago; original, that is, in substance,
although the author may have borrowed a
phrase here and there from earlier poets,
says Household Words.
.'.': Ob, liberty, bow sweet yon are t.
You seem so^jear anil yet so far;
'. he heart tof you does Ion? attain; ■
But still. I am myself 10 titanic  '
i'or k* tung drunk and doing wrong ■
lias brought me to this doom. So long.
The last words of this stanza are evi
dently 10 be read as meaning farewell, for
the phrase "so long" has, among work
men and others, entirely superseded every
other kind of : parting salutation. "Good*
by,"'.'ta, ta," "farewell," "good-day, are
entirely 'abandoned in favor of the mys
terious words in : question, but we are not
aware that they have previously been used
in serious verse. Some say "that the
phrase was brought by Tommy Atkins
from India, and that it is simply a corrup
tion of the Eastern "salaam," meaning
'peace be with you." -
.But it seems rather to come from Aus
tralia, where it is in extensive use among
all \ classes ' and it probably; spines from
that sense of comradeship and politeness
which : prompts ;; similar expressions in
French, as '.'a bientot, "a '; bantct,'.' which
may be paraphrased "to our speedy meet
ing," phrases which, however . conven
tional, are expressive of good will. The
Welshman, too, does not think it polite or
even lucky to separate from a friend with
a mere curt benediction.- "See you again,"
he will probably cry with unction or utter
some equivalent phrase . in Welsh. The
Corn an, too, - has the same - delicate
sense £of courtesy. And we : may . fairly
guess that the "so long" comes Irom the
gold mines and means in effect, "1 shall
find the time 'so .' long' till ;. I :. tee • you
attain." V .
Of the gold coins now in circulation in
England a small proportion only bear an
earlier date than 1879.
The Hot Mud Found a Paio Roblea
Has in it an element that seems to be particu
larly efficacious in the treatment of rheumat
ism and certain blood disorders. The lalcing
01 these roud baths is attended with every
comfort at the newly completed bathhouse
Winter rates la force— f 10, $12 50 ana fls * '
NOW FOR A GRAND
RATIFICATION
Republican Leaders Prepar
ing for the Cele
bration.
The Election of McKinley Will
Bi Ratified in Fitting
Style.
MAY BE HELD IN OAKLAND.
Suggestion That the Great Demon-
strati :n B; Hld ia the Ban*
ncr City.
Now that the victory of McKinley is an
assured fact and the leaders of the Re
publican party in San Francisco have
settled down to enjoy it, there has arisen
a desire lor a prand ratification worthy
of the prodigious success which has
crowned the struggle for prot-ction. And
such a demonstration there will be within
a week or ten days, or as soon as all the
returns are in, and the bulk of the people
are ready for it.
That a monster ratification was already
in the air was certain last night. It is
growing now and before this day comes to
a close it will have crystalized into
deiinite form. Then every Republican
organization in town will be informed
that the election will be ratified, and it is
believed they will respond quite as gen
erously as they did when the great day
parade passed through San Francisco.
The Republican parade committee h Id
a meeting at its headquarters, 24 Fourth
street, last nigat, and tne proposition was
then made to begin arrangements for the
ratification. Colonel Sumner was in the
chair and A. de ia Torre Jr., the indus
trious secretary, was at his desk as usual.
Instead of taking ui> the ratification
demonstration, however, the committee
considered bills from tbe parade, and
after deciding to hp.v all bills paid at the
Columoia Bank. § J3G Bnsn street, between
the hours of 12 and 3 P. m. any day, the
committee adjourned sine die.
The matter of tbe ratification and rally
was left to the Republican State Central
Committee and tbe Republican County
'Committee, > as it appeared to be wholly
within tne jurisdiction of thes« bodies.
The State Central Committee will meet
to-night and will take under consideration
the preliminaries of arrangement of the
ratification.
Colonel Stone will make the suggestion
that the ratification be neld in Oakland,
for the reason that Alameda County has
proved itself to be the banner Republican
county of the State. Alameda gave Mc-
Kinley a majority of 5000, and thereby
saved the State for him. Consequently it
is said that this much is due to Oakland,
and a strong effort will be made to ratify
in that city.
A CARLOAD OF FOOD FISH
Partially Successful Attempt to
Bring It to This
Coast.
The United States Fish Aquarian car
No. 3 arrived on Monday with 200 lob
sters, 100 tautog, 125 diamond-backed ter
rapin and 50 barrels of oysters.
The tautog, the black fish of the New
The Eastern Lobster Which Is Being
Planted in Pacific Coast Waters
by the Fish Commissioners.
En land coa«t, make their home in salt
water and are considered an excellent food
fisi\ hut tin* a'temit %ti Irinn them here
RW TO-DAT.
44 Thanks, Mr. Patent-medi-
cine maker, for the fancy prices
marked on your goods.
" But we'd rather make our
own prices, and you shouldn't
mind; we'll sell more/
The Owl is a cut-rate drug-
store — sells for what things
are worth, and no more,
Sponges? Certainly; what-
ever you want to pay.
What else to-day ?
THE OWL DRUG CO.
H23 Market Street.
was a failure, for the entire lot died on
the way. There were too many of them
in tne tank.
The diamond-backed terrapin is the ter
rapin par excellence of the Chesapeake
Bay. It is growing very scarce, and at
present they sell in the East for about $75
a dozen. The Commissioners will deposit
them in the brakish waters of the Ban
Francisco Bay region. Humboldt Bay,
California, and Y..quina Bay, Oregon, will
be stocked w th tie oysters.
C. H. i.'ownseua. United States Fish
Commissioner, leaves to-nigbt to superin
tend the works.
Over one Hundred lobsters died on the
trip, but the ninety odd that were spared
were in fine condition, and will be imme
diately deposited off the coast of Monte
rpv, where a former planting was made in
1888.
It takes about six years for the lobster
to attain its full growth, bn f - they multi
ply so fast that results should De apparent
before a ereat while. The condition and
temperature of the water on this coast
has been studied, and it is believed it is
an ideai lobster region.
Although nothing has been learned of
the lobsters deposi;ed in Monterey Bay in
1888, it is believed they have increased
materially, and will soon be available for
food.
SHE CAUGHT THE SHIP.
And She Didn't Propose to Be Looked
Up as I sane for Doing It.
A Chicago girl was in Scotland. She
had made arrangements at the office of
the steamer in Glasgow to telegraph ncr
the hour to be decided upon for the sailing
of the ship she intended to take. Then
she partook herself to Highland wilds in
peace. She received no telegram, but on
the day set for the sailing of her steamer
she arrived in Glasgow and after leaving
her baggage at a hotel went to the steam
er's office to make inquiries. She was told
there that the boat was even then leaving
the wharf at Glasgow, but by taking train
at Greeimck «ne might overtake it at that
port. She rushed back to her hotel, saw
her baggage dashed upon a cab, caught
ihe train for Greenock and got there in
time to see the ocean liner pu.ling splen
< idly out to sea. Sue beckoned to a man
with a small tug, declaring that she must
catch the steamer, and in a few minutes
more was steaming madly after the big
ship.
The captain stopped the liner at the
frantic gestures of appeal from the men
on the tug, and the Chicago girl was
helped over the side of the steamer, while
the captain stood by and made a few re
marks. A little later the new passenger
found herself locked into her stateroom
by the stewardess. She rang%ber bell, got
her key from the outside from the stew
ard, who answered the bell, and when the
ship's doctor camedown to see the pas
senger believed to be insane he found the
door locked on the inside. Then the cap
tain came, and at his thunderous order
the Chicago girl unlocked her stateroom
door. The captain's demeanor was not
cnildlike nor biund, and his language was
suited to sailors in a storm. But tiie Chi
cago girl stood her ground. Bte explained
through the blue-streaked air about the
captain that sbe was no more insane than
he was, and that she had a perfect right,
in her opinion, to stop an ocean liner.
She had engaged her passage on that
particular steamer. This was her own
stateroom. T c company Had broken
NEW TO-DAY.
coeoGoeosaocoooeoGoeeooco
8 Always FIRST . S
] Gail Borden !
I Eagle Brand I
© CONDENSED niLK S
J For 35 years the leading brand. It is the •
• Best and the most economical. .-■?'■' •■ O
5 A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS J
©ooo©oooooo«oo«iooooe»oaoo
If JEW 10-D*r-AMCSEMEirr&,
TnOLAtVVi:R.GOTTIOD« o>- it»t3A.-iDrurw«tß4--- .
YOCT I : : : : 3
"TENNESSEE'S PARDM!"
THAT EXCELLENT PLAY.
Heard trie Golden Nugget Quartet.
OXLTt THIS WEEK.
NEXT MONDAY,
" PEERLESS -.'.• CORIME!"
' And Her Great Burlesque Company.
GOB' EOUS SCKNERYt
GREAT JJAIiLETS
£3~ Seat* On Sale To-day.
25c, sOs, 75c and 91.
! COLUMBIA. THEATER.
THIS AFT , RNOON AT 3.
EIGHTH PUBLIC PERFORMANCE.
COLUMBIA DRAMATIC SCHOOL
FOUR NEW PLAYS.
- EXHIBITION OP, DANCING.
Reserved Seats, Fifty Cents
O'Farrell Street, 1 ween Stockton and PowelL
AN IDEAL "COMEDY BILL.
THE <Ji KI%K (ITI Qt'AU.K !
UOtVAKD AND BLAND!
MAYS and HUNTER.
DETROIT BROS.
3 HORN BROS. AND H KB GRAIS :
3* Vaudeville StHrs in the Bill ! 33
NO IK— TUo a rrlo.'a Mexican orchestra wi.l per-
fo m in the A nex every afternoon from 3 to 6,
evenings after ll):»0. "TtVßf^Vf HWktm^iKiill
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Sea s, &Uc. ' ' ' :
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
GO WHERE THE CROWDS GO.
~ The Laughing Season Begins' *
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 7
t. -a.. sz£3 ixraNraE3i3"sr-
HYPNOTIST,
King Laugh-Maker^ of the World.
EVENING PRICES— lOc, 15c, 2Jc, 50c.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday, 10c, 25c
i Doors open 7:30. Commence at 8:16.
" ~ ' ~ "
PACIFIC COASFJOCKEY CLUB
( NCLESIDE TRACK),
COMMENCING :- OCTOBER 28.
;_,': FIRST RACE AT 2P.M. .
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack in America.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
ADMISSION ..................»1.00.
. Take : Sonthern Pacific trains at Third and
Townseudsts. depot, leaving at 1:15 P. M. Tate
Mission st. electric line direct to trace.
■ A. li. SPRECKKLS, President.
w. H. Leaki, Secretary.
THE CHUTES.
. ... Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. 31.
• ARIOJI !;. \ ARIOIV : . .'
Will ride a" bicycle over a live trolley wire In a
blaze of fire 100 feet above the lake every evening.
MAMMOTH - SKATING - RINK !
' t '.:'. . r Perfect ,; In Every Appointment !
Admission— Adults 10c, Children 5c
C ■ KEWITO-DAY. v - " :
jmff "Prett3'
: < ir^& ■>- Pill"
' ' nW f| i ■ *■* * '
' V says
•\ ;| Pretty
I^^ Poll
* She's just "poll parroting."
There's no prettiness in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty
is % that pretty t does." In that
■ case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
5 and all liver troubles.- •
faith with her in not notifying her of the
hour of sailing, according to the express
agreement of the company's servants in
the Glasgow office. But she had not
broken faith witti ihe company. She had
agreed to sail on that particular ship; she
had paid her passage weeks before; sue
was now sailing on it, the captain could
not deny that! And it had cost her a good
deal extra to catch this steamer, tool
That last straw broke the back of the cap
tain's anger, and his stern face melted into
a smile. He made friends with the Chi
cagoan and treated her with distinguished,
consideration during all of the voyage to
N»-w York. What she paid the man on
the tug the lady never knew. She de
ciared that she gave him whatever sbe
had left of British coin before she began
her now historic scramble up the side of
the ocean liner.
HEW TO-DAT.
Why do we money-back
Schilling 's Best tea? l
Because a trial of it makes
a permanent customer.
Ask your grocer.
A Schilling: & Company
;Sait tV-v-/- 440
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A.L Ha ym an & Co. (Incorporated) .„.. Proprietor!
—Last 3 Nights— Last Matinee Saturday.—
Jnlia Marlowe Taber and Robert Taber.
TO-NIGHT (THURSDAY),
. DOUBLE BILL,.
"CHOTERTOff" and '•TDK LOYE CHASE"
. (Julia Marlowe Taber as Chatter: on).
Friday and Saturday ev«[s and Saturday Matlnen,
farewell performances, "itomeo and Juliet."
BALDWIN THEATER.
'A'- i SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8,
HINRICHb-BEEL POPULAR
OPERATIC AND ORCHESTRAL CONCERT.
(Seats 250 to 81.)
Vocal and Instrumental selections from Delibe's
LAKMK
Seats Now Selling— '>jc to HI.
SPECIAL NOTICE!
NEXT WEEK-MONDAY, Nov. 9,
DELLA FOX
And Her Big Comic Opera Organization,
Presuming the Great success, •
THE LITTLE TROOPER!
Seats Ready To-day ( : hursday).
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
. Seats Ready Today (Thursday)
For Sydney K. Ellis' Grand Production,
DARKEST RUSSIA!
A Vivid Romance of the Land of the
White Czar. .
First Presentation— NEXT ' '•
MONDAY NIGHT, NOV. 9.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS.KBNK3TIXK KBKi.ixa.' Proprietor Ailaaagae
TO-NIGHT,
COMPLIMENTARY TESTIMONIAL
TO THE FAVOKITE COMEDIAN,
FERRIS HARTMAN.
A SPECIAL EDITION
■ Of His Musical Ex.ravagunza — : —
HE BABES
IN THE WOOD!"
THE BEST EVER!
: ;', NEXT SUNDAY EVENING,
Superb Production of Strauss' Romantic; Opera,
"THj; gypsy BAROX." .
Presented In a Masterly Manner.
Popula -Prices— 2sc ti 1 sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI.TEU MOROCCO. sou , lj^sea *aJ itvaiii;
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMrH.
Reappearance of the Charming Artiste,
—VICTORY BATE MAN, — -
In the Emotional Domestic Drama,
"DRIFTING APART!"
■i • . Written by Captain .lame. A. Herne.
LATJiHTEIi ASli TEARS ALTi'-KXATE.
A Splendid Cast. Magnificent Scenery, Wouderful
• - ; I Mechanical Effects.
EvMilntr Prices— lOc. .'mo »nd "to.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. "
Bblasco, Doan'K iS Joroav. liesssei « Mana^eri.
NOTHING BUT LAUGHTER!
At Au«uatin Daly's wreatent Comedy,
.i "LOVK On OKCTCCLfC !"
PRlCES— Night— lsc, Ssc. 35c; 500.
ItlatinetsH: loc. SSc.md
Telephone Black C9l.
FANNIE ELOOMFIELD
ZEISLBR
. METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
First Recital, Tuesday Evening, Nov. 1O
Second Recital. Thursday A ft.., Nov. IS
Third Recital, Saturday Aft., Nov. 14
— LAST RECITAL—
Monday " Evening, : November 16.
PRICES-52.00, »1.50 and SI. OO.
Bale of seats begins at Sherman. Clay it Co.'s,
this morning, at 9 o'clock.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL,
- Seventh and Market streets. -
AN ADDRESS ON
OUR LORD'S SECOND COMING
FOR THE GOOD OF THE WORLD,
By JAMES B. DAVENPOKT, Evangelist,
SUNDAY NIGHT... NOVEMBER 8,
At Eight O'cloct.
ADMISSION FREE. ;
This is not so-called Second Advemism.
"A bruised reed shall h-- not break and m
smoking flax shall he not quench." .- : .
SUTRO BATHS.
• Open Daily from 7 A.M. to 11 P. M.
Concert Every .'Afternoon anil Evening.
i Admission— Adults 10c, Vhildi-en 30.
78
ELECTORS HID LEGISLATORS
The Count Was Practically
Completed This
Morning.
A VERY LARGE VOTE ON
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
Some Rather Peculiar Features
That Were Developed by
the Count.
CLEAVAGE IN PUBLIC FAVOR
FELL ABOUT EVENLY.
Three Proposed Measures Were Adopted and
Three Were Rejected by Very Decisive
and Unmistakable Votes.
The complete returns for this City on
the general tlcicet in full from the 313 pre
cincts show some interesting results.
The constitutional amendments farad
variously. Amendment No. 1, exempting
• mortgages and trust deeds from taxation,
is defeated ; and so also are amendment 3,
limiting the iiebilitv of stockholders in
corporations, and amendment G, the last
referring: to woman suffrage. The vote on
these amendments was as follows: No. 1,
11,124 for and 30,762 against; No. 3, 15,453
for and 20,025 against ; No. 6, 13,144 for and
33,5<36 against.
The amendments which carried in this
City are No. 2, whicn provides that all
elections shall be by ballot or by such
ether method as may be prescribed by
Jaw, providing that secrecy in voting be I
preserved and which received 25,GC3 votes !
in favor and 13,398 against; No. 4, prohib- !
iting the creation of corporations for
municipal purposes by special law. the
vote being "22.029 for and 15,134 against ;
and No. 6, which enables city charters to
fix the times, etc., for the terms of Police
Judges, members of the Board of Educa
tion, Police Commissioners and boards of
flection, the vote being 23,041 for and 16,
-127 against.
The amount of interest manifested in
the several amendments may be indicated
by t lie total vote concerning each, which
was as follows: No. 1. 41,85(J; N0. 2, 38,084;
No. 3, 35,478; No. 4, 37.7C3; No. 5. 88,168;
No. 'j, 4G.710. The woman suffrage amend
ment drew votes for and against, exceed
ing by 4824 votes the total drawn by the
next birheat.
Tlie Republican electors had ."O,!V>l, the
Democrats (including the Populists)
30,512, the National Democrats 304, the
Socialist Labor party 75), the National
party 175, and the Prohibitionists 122
votes. This gives the JlcKinley electors a
plurality of 439 votes in the total count.
The total vote for Presidential electors
in this City in 1892 was as follows: Cleve-
Janfi 31,022, Harrison 24,41fi, Weaver Pop.
2.508, Bidwell Pro. 489. The majority for
Cleveland was 3609.
The total vote for Presidential electors ;
this year was G2.819; in 1892 the total was
58,435. — '
For Congress — In : the Fourth Maguire
I), defeated O'Brien R. ; in the Fifth Loud
" It. has run away from Kelly D.V .:.
Braunhart D., Pop. and C.N.-P.: carries i
the Seventeenth" Senatorial' District as I
against Burnham X. . . .
Dwyer D. I", defeats Dare R. in the \
Nineteenth Senatorial District.
Wolfe R. carries the Twenty-first Sena
torial District in opposition to Asher D.
(P.; C. N.-P. /
Hall D. P. ran away from Tyrrell C. R. :
in the Twenty-third Senatorial District.
Feeney D. carried the Twenty-fifth Sena
torial District over Chandler B.
The victorious candidates for the As
sembly are:
Lacy D. P., C. N- P. in the Twenty
eighth District. ~"
Allen D. P., C. N-P. in the Twenty
ninth District. •
Hannon D. P., C. N-P. in the Thir
tieth Dis.trict.
. Treacy A-C. D. and P. in the Thirty
lirst District.
Power D. P., C. N-P. in the Thirty
second District.
• Godfrey D. and C. N-P. in" the Thirty
third District. . .
Mahoney D. in the Thirty-fourth Dis
trict.
Dolan D.. A-C. D. and P. in the Thirty
fifth District. - - -
McGrath D. P. and A-C. D. .in the
Thirty-sixth District,
Mulcrevy D. P. in the Thirty-seventh
District..
Pohlman R. in the Thirty-eighth Dis
trict. ■ ■, •;• ■r- v ■ :■,-. ■• - (
I Jones R. in the Thirty-ninth District.
Bettman D. C. R. and C. N.-P. in the
Fortieth District. -
Dibble R. in thpFortv-tirst District. 3 -
Henry R. C. N.-P. in the Forty-second
District.
Denncry C. R. in the Forty-third Dis
, trict. The vote was very close, Dennery, I
C.R. polling 693 votes and f Lundquist
691.
Ryan D. in the Forty- fourth District.
Gately D. C. N.-P. in the Forty-fifth
District. " ' V . 'n :
The full vote on the general ticket is in
detail as follows:" ■ ;•
I GENERAL TICKET. v
PKKSIDENTIAI. ELECTORS.
Democratic and People's Party.
J. W. .Martin ■ «„«,,
Jo Hamilton... ..: :." V." ? if. I
« 1. Al.ard ...........;;;;];;:;•;•• SniZS
C v. Thresher...:... ""VV" '.'•', "*
,; 1 : 1-;^1 -;^ :r/::.:::::v.'.::;g^
mi* fowler :^k ::-{::S::S :M: M S .n ... .
M . .Merrill sostSl
J. V Webster. .;.,......... ;; " %{••]*%
v*ui*i McKay:..............:;";.:;;;;:;-;;;; $•*£* |
Repnblican.
Irvine If. Sroy 30,951 !
Duncan E. STCkinlay.. :tO,SJ>>
George M. Francis. 80.737 ,
Julius M. Walling.... ; 30,738
Howell A. Powell *.......; no. 780
Joseph S. spear Jr. 80.756
Clans Spreclcels 30.949
Klwood Cooper ....'. ....II» 50.702 !
Thomns Flint. •- : 30,486
Prohibition.
W. R. Goodwin 08
Stephen 80wer5...;.; 74 [
I". >'. Tavior lv:!}
Klam Biggs Si
Dr. P. Mccargar hi
ir. 11. Luse ..*.* 72
Koliert Thorn raon 8* '
M. J. Hall * • 05 !
R. H. Young 07 I
National Democratic Party.
Clay W.Tay10r....'.. .'......„... ' 304 i
Tliomas B. iond... ...•. ;.... 282 ;
James K. O'Brien. ,' x"6 ■
John Rose ld 159 |
Jeremiah .Lynch... '...■. ". ;.. . g^S I
Charles Anucrson .-.; . 'j:<7 :
John Ko:h ; ■.. . . »07
RoDe« Y. Hayne.;: ....;....... ."..'....'.' a;* 2 •
L. B. Hakes ; 190
Socialist Labor Parry.
French "... ...:.. ...iil; 1 :
Kmil Lies* '.. ." ;-.!-I;;I 755 :
Lemuel i). Diddle ..; .....: ....'. 745 :
National Party.
John Bidwell ..'...' 175'
Henry French „ ".". 129 i
F. W. H00per.......;........... ..\.\\ 140
K. F. Burns .• 141
W. H. 80ne....;.;./; ............;'.';."" ' }?•,
P. Hilton !!.'.';" ion !
William Ke11y......... ."""" .. J ".4
Jesse Yarnell '..'.'.'." '.".V. 103
J. M. (ila»s...;. ; IIIIIIIIHIIIIIIII 119 !
; CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
Number 1. - For " - — - 11,124
,-,,- ... lA«mst 3j,76a
Number 3. ■' * or , • 25,666 i
, lAealnst... 1H.398 i
Number 3. 1 rr A OT vy? • •■• *».*»» !
( Against... .........r JEH.O2S
Number*. {^■• i: ..-... : - :: . :::;::;::;:::^6.0
* lAcainst IMS 4 '
Numbers > I<cr ns ;;:::::::;:::::::::d:;: '.'3.041
' (Against 10.127 :
Numbers. {Ifec::;;::-:::::::::;::: gas
(.Against 33,566
CONGRESSMEN.
Fourth District.
F.. T. Klntrslpy, S. t,. ...;...... <»g 8
James O. Utaeruire.'P.. D.... 18 H26
'I'bomaH.B. O'Brien. X T. 10 859
Joseph Rowell, Pro '39^
Fifth District.
Henry Daniels. S. I* 652
Joseph P. Kelly, D...; " 7 Sal
A. B. Kinne, P...-. ; .....'.. 5 229
T. H. La« son, Pro '.'."I 'l 6'>
KOgene F. Loud. It ■ ....* 12 66
STATE SENATORS.
Se\'««nteenth Dlntrict.
"amilPl P.raiuiliart. P., I).. C. N.-P I.SOO
JuaiMß. Brown, C. R.... 51a
.lames \\*. Itachauun, i .'.'.'.'" 108
N. 11. Burnham. It \ ' 1*213
J- seph li. < 'a' trail, C. T ...♦II" *9!t
Thomas F. Kazan, A.-C. D 799
Nineteenth District.
William Bell. A.-C. D...;. ..;.T.. . ] 080
John T.l>are, It "" J* 53V
Lawrence J. Dwyer, P., D. ..; "' "'-'iti
Calvin hiving, C. >.-P., C. 1., C. R. .."."'.".'.". '999
Twenty-First I>l strict.
Hupo K. Anher. 1., D., V. N.-P.. . •» 118
Clinton J. Hulchins, C. 1. . ' i'o'2l
A. I.ewnld. CR. "■ ' 6O'<
James I). Powers, A.-C. D " i n<» : '
>. i. wo.te.K ::::.::::: 3,"i9
Twenty-Third District.
I*. U Archibald, C.I 874
Hall, r, D ] B j,S
D. .1. McCanhy, A.-C. D ]'lß*7
John U. Tyrrell, CL K. i'r«o
M. J. Welch Jr., C. >.-P., R '[[WYMW. l.cii
Twenty-Fifth District.
M. H. Barry. C. R _ 6 8R
Thomas W. Chandler. R. .:.... 1 xh?
John Kny, C. N.-P., P., A.-C. D. ...".'. '.'" «7S
John Ft?enfj\ D 1 807
I. E. Jarrctt, C.I '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 'ai-i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 189(5.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
• Twenty-Eighth 7 District.
HeDryßin'mer. !-.*!..... ..:........:... 91 !
I Lawrence . I. Conlon. A. -C. D. -4* G
Walter KcnruT.sOii. 1t..."..... ' 473
Kupono K. Lacy. l'.,"U, C X.-P »80
Peter J. Quinn. C. 1t.;...:.:.: *96
1 .Thomas Watson, C. 1............. • -03
' Twenty-Ninth District.
I John Allen, V., I)., C. X.-l' 1,001 I
John Cook, S. L..VV.VV.7. r. . . .... . . ...... .... • 07 I
James Howard Flynn. it;:::.;.'. 848 '
James J. .Measlier, A.-C. D... MB !
K. J. Thomas. c. 1 "53 .
William 1-. Wood, Ql ;;.:v... ......* Hi)
• Thirtieth District. ,
Bernard Conway, A.-C. I). .:.... 333
H. FlaaUoar. s. L.......... - 141
I* K. Ilagenkamp, 0.X. .:..: ..........;....: 355
Kutrene J. Ilannon, P., I)., C. N.-P 81 «>
S M. inrin, C.1.. ii>s
Henry M. Keil>, 1t........ 8»5
Thirty-First District.
James P. Brady, CVK.-P./D...'..' ' " r8?r 8?
Patrick Cotkery, C. 1t...... ' ' 15>i
Aivin X. ilorsan, C. 1..;...;.;...."-. .-.-.. 447
T. J. Sullivan, K.;........v... ...... ..-....:.'.. 07*
\ A. sfcnuler, :-■. i. IJO
T. K. Treary, P., A. C. 1K.: ...... ...... ...... 1,077
Thirty-Second District.
C. H. BaVer. S. 1,. ..".:..". 89
John A. Hoey, C. li G.-.6
Aei BK. :%". T. l.ar.sen, 1::..'......:...-....- ■' ~ 2«7
Jeremiah Lnc»y, X. .....;.....„.■.....;..■... ■ 421,
John W. Power, P., i»., C. X.-P. 751S
John A. Townley, A.-C I) 81
Thirty-Third District.
George Aspden, P. 1*..'..... 80 !
K. J. iraDf. P.. A.-C. I) 643 I
George B. Codlrey, D., C. 2J.-P ;.... 1.016
! Thomas Pennlngtun, I', I 404
R- Kasmu>sen, J: ; 786
! John G. South, C. It .; 161
Thirty-Fourth District.
P. D. Code Jr., C. X.-P., X.... 873 J
Hobert Fay, P.... ...;'. ;.;.. 3-23
Samuel L. Lent, C.1.: ..-■ 455
Frame Mahoney, D ;... 1,151 i
IV F. Mer.es, C. R 480 j
John J. McConville, A.-CL D....... 169 I
F. C. aiosebach, 1., a.L. in 1
Thirty-Fifth District.
Lawrence J. Dol.lll, P., P., A.-C D >. 1.238
Charles L. Hc-ilenlarK, 8., C i 1,178
Jtseph W. McTisjue, C. X.-P., C. It. 371
Thirty-Sixth District.
Wm. H. GlOPsdn; R.. '....'. 1.007 !
M. W. I^ttlefisld. C. 1., C. R. I.VBB j
Henry McGrath, P., 1)., A.-C. I) 1,761 j
Thirty-Seventh District.
Harry I. Vn?crevy. P.. D 1.934.
(ieonje A.WVetitwonh, It.. C. 1.....'. .;. 1.504
\V. L. Williamson, C. X.-P., C. R 388
Thirty-Eighth District.
Percy Golds one, P.. A.-c. D 556
1). J. O'Brien, C >".-P., C, R 561
Charles S. Peery, D 1,013
umtiivi' Pohlman, R 1,230
PhUo -Newton Tryon, C. 1 „ .'378
Thirty-Ninth District.
Leo Barnprt. A.-C. D :.. 614
John H. GUssfont, C. X.-P., C. R 617
Leon E. Jones., R. ' 1,3911
I F. M.Tuley, C. 1.......'.. :^SS
: Justus £». Warden, P., D 1,123
Fortieth District.
Slgmnnd M. Bmtman, 11 X.-P..R..C. R.... 2.203
Lonson Martin Munzer, D., A.-C. V 1,055
. * Forty-First District.
Henry C. Dibble, R 1,487
' 15. Fehnemann. C. X.P., C. R. 78h
Henry M. Owens. A.-C. 1) '...,■ 199
: Frank A. Schmiiz, P.-l) ; 1,106
H. p. iilumenberg " ,li 7
Forty-Second District.
i Bernard Aneennet.n:... ...'... ', ,v.'s
' Lorenz >A. Henry. It.; C. X.-P •. 1,03t»
j James J. McCarthy, C. H •' 425
i K. J. Reynolds. P., A.-C. D 401
■ Charles A. atubeurauch, S. L, m
; — Klopper. .., j>6
Forty-Third District.
■ Albert M. ArmsTong, A.-C. ISB
I^eon Dfiinery. C R (ins
! James B. Hart, I 2,3
\V. X. Henderson, C. 1 U42
Fred Lundquiat, R...' 091
• Jeoriie M. Jtubenstein, P., 1) ....■...."*. 358
Cbar.es schinkel. S. L 67
Forty-Fourth District.
James F. MartlnonL C. X.-P., C. R 57s
i Joseph Mer-inl, li 0;-;;
Gabriel Nailiun. P., A.-C. 1) „ ' <J0»
Kdward S. Ryan, D 1,167
Forty-Fifth District.
Frederick Eerr, C H. '. 30s
William H. Gately. C. X.-P., D " 708
Felix B. MnlgMw, P., A.-C. I) t-75
> Joseph T. OVHanlcn, R.:.'..". - ' B7«
— Scott. ..•.;'.■ , 3
WOMEN REPUBLICANS.
The State Central Club Holds a Joll!
-fir;ition Meeting.
The Woman's State Central Republican
Cltob held a jollification meeting last
niciit in Justice of the Peace Groezingcr's
courtroom.
Speeches of congratulation on the elec
tion of Major McKinley rrero made by
President Liallou, Mrs. Jones, Attorney
Tupper and others.
A poem dedicated to Mrs. Ballon was
read by Miss Ella Ellis and received with
applause.
The club will in future have meetings
every month as it is the intention to make
; the organization permanent.
Frawley Company.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 4.— lhe Frawlev
Company open to-morrow (Thursday)
evning at the Macdonong'i Theater
pre«entine 'The Charity Ban." On Fri
day evening 'The Two Escutcheons' ' will
be seen here for the first time, and "The
Great Unknown" will be giv» n at the
Saturday matinee. The saie of seats for
( all the performances is large, and the
i company are assured of large audiences.
Used as a Knife.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 4.-Wilson Brit
! ton has charged James McCarty with an
' assault on him with a Knife. It is not be
lieved any serious injury was done. Botn
are boys who were arrived a week a«o for
] throwing a rock into an Eighth-street
electric car.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alamo! a County 'Happenings Told In
. Brief Chapter*.
Professor Charles -Edwin Mark ham of the
Lnlversity Observation School will address
MlssMcCord's class at Lower Fruitvale next
rriday afternoon on "Heroes." ; V
University Lod e No. 144.' I. O. O. F., which
has been ineeilng at Loriiig ll ; .;j. will' return
7i i\ ir pp d M y ni f h r l U> ils form « r mec-iing place m
OJ<l Fellows' Hall on Eleventh and Franklin
The estuary regntla on Thanksgiving is at
trading attention all over the roast amonc
oarsmen. A fine list of events has been
ranged, and «s it is the l,st meet of the wa«on
cnaLpTonship'. BtUbbOrDly COntcstedfor the
A DEED OF TREACHERY.
THEY BETRAYED THE
LOCAL REPUBLICANS
The Party Will Not Soon
Forget Those Who De
feated C. L. Taylor.
Laumeister's Ambition to B? As
sessor May as Well Be
Smothered.
IS A VICTIM OF HABI-XAXI.
Do Ycun» Is Held to Bs Even More
Culpab'e Than the Misguided
Candidate
I Colonel Charles L. Taylor is taking his !
i defeat at the hands of Kelly, Mahoney,
! M. H. de Young and other alleged Repub- [
i licans with that philosophy that charac
; terizes him as a politician, man of the
world and good citizen.
However, he Knows what brought about
his defeat, and is not at all diffident about ;
stating the causes.
"Mr. Laumeister has committed hari
■ kan if ever a man did, politically," he 1
I said last evening. "Laumeister has been i
treated very handsomely in the past by
the Republicans of this City and County,
j It comes wish very bad grace, therefore,
; fer him to assume the role of wedge in the
work of splitting up that party.
"He will fnnl tnat it does not pay. He
' has or did have ambitions for tne future
that might easily have been fulfilled, but
■heis as dead as a mackerel. The idea of a
; man hoping to be Mayor oi this City who
1 thought so iittle of himself anyhow as to |
accept the nomination after it had been !
offered— by such an outtit, too— to two \
different men before h;m and they baring '
, rcfu-od. Why, it is almost laughable. It I
! is only another illustration of a vaulting ■
1 r.mbition coupled with a very weak minu.
"For that reason I consider the jro- j
• prietor of the Chronicle, M. 11. de Young, '
as well as the proprietors of the two even- j
i ing papers that profess to be champions of
Republicanism, more culpabie than he. !
The evidence is clear that they espoused i
; the cause of this candidate for money, j
He wrs not the candidate of the Republi- \
can party, but of a disreputable and mis- j
chief-making faction, bent rather oa the j
ruin ot the Republican party locally. !
Their part in ttie cri3is that resulted In i
tlie election of a Democrat will not be for- I
gotten any more than will that of Lav- i
i nu-isterand the other candidates on the !
' apostate ticket.
"This, however, b a comparatively ;
small matter," said the colonel, in con- j
elusion. "McKinley is elected, the coun
\ try is safe, and a period of prosperity for '
■ the whole country is before us. That is a j
bit of work that is good enough for one
' day."
Thomas P. Riorda:i, chairman of the i
R publican County Convention, sa:u last i
evening :
"The result of the vote locally will
teach some lessons, anyhow, that ought to
bear fruit. There is Charles Laumeister,
for instance, who expected to be a;ia coula 1
have been Assessor two years hence, but
who stands no moie chance now than I do 1
i of being President of the United States. !
He allowed his vanity to be tickled by a j
] few irresponsible people and he is third in |
; the race, perhaps fourth. Then there b I
I Asa Wells, a friend of mine and a man of
! hijih-standing In the community. He
1 ?aw his mistake on tlie last day. '
j Then there is Henry Martin, a cap- j
I italist. who has no more use for j
; the office of Treasurer than a wagon has j
j for a fifth wheel, hut they Mattered him !
into lendine his nime, like the other, to
give respectability to their ticket. The
result has been to handicap tiie legitimate
Republican nominees in their race and to
piFB the Democrats a measure of success in
,1 year when everything should have been I
Republican. There never was any ques
tion as to who the real candidates were. |
The title descended to it as certain iy as it I
does to a pece of real estate. Kelly aiid Ma- j
honey offered to arbitrate and to con
stiuue the State Central Comnritte
' as the arbitrators. But we said there was
I nothing to arbitrate sind refused. ¥ney
1 tooli the matter before the State Central
j Committee anyhow and the decision was
; against them. They refused to submit to
I it, however, ana took it. 10 the State Su
i preme Court and the decision was aeainst
them there. And still they refused to
submit and went along in their work of
j scattering the Republican vote. .Now,
.Minpo?e we had assented to their demands.
Tiuy wanted us to share with them hall
the offices. If we had done so. what is to
prevent some irresponsibles bobbing up
eyery election and making the same de
mands. It would not do. But it has
doaf- ail parties to the blunder and dis
loyalty so much harm that I think they
will be slow to repeat it."
<ieorce T. Gnden. who is a free-silver
j P.ryanite, said: "The defeat of Colonel
; Taylor for the Mayoralty is a real misfor
' tune. I was as much inter,est*d in the
local ticket aa I was in the National. Tay
; lor has stood up manfully for the people
I in the Board of Supervisors, and has ren
dered this City such service as can scarcely
be overestimated. He stood in the breach
against big odds. He should have been
made Mayor not only as a reward, but be-
I cause ho has »o conclusively shown not
j only his honesty but his ability. His de
feat will t;e but poor encouragement for
any other to follow tn his ways."
"Charley Laumeister has made the
worst mistake of any of them, ana the
worst mistake he has ever made on his
own account. For a man who has re
ceived the consideration that he has at the
hands of his party somethint; very much
I etter was to have been expected at his
hands than to have gotten in with the
! Kelly-Mahonev outfit to throw the party
down at this juncture. Why, there wasn't
anything that we might not have had
; this year."
This was an expression by I. P. Kincaid
; at the County Republican headquarters
j last evening, and represented the general
expression of opinion by those who came
I and wont during the evening, discussing
1 the situation.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
The Tabers' Engagement Draws
Near Its Close at the
Baldwin.
The Popular Ferris Hartman 'Takes
a B:n fit at the Tvcli
Tc-N ght.
The election excitement is still telling
heavily on the attendance at the theaters,
though things will no doubt have settled
i down to their normal condition by the
1 end of the week. At the Baldwin, last
I night, the T;ibers save their tina) perform
; ance of "As Yon LiUe It" to a house that
was unusually good, considering the pre
vailing interest in election returns. To
; nisrht the double bill of "Chattcrlon" and
i "The Love Chase" will be performed.
On Monday night Delia Fox opens at
: the Bald wiu.
Captain Herne's play at the Grand,
i "Drifting Apart," is not only highly dra
j matic, with well-worked up climaxes, but
! it is also well within the range of Droba
j bility. Miss Victory Bateman plays her
! part excellently, and is as much at home
j as the honored guest in a splendidly ap
i pointed house as she is as the village
I maiden in her cottage. • The stage-struck
j Hester and her lover make themselves at
I home ererywhere, and devote all their su
! perfluous energy to the pursuit of their
dramatic aspirations in a way which
proves highly amusinc to the audience.
There nre only a few more nights in
j which to .see "Tennessee's Pardner" at the
j Columbia Theater. It ij a play full of
] both humor and pathos, wbic.*! is well
: acted and arouses plenty of interest. Cor
j inne opens at the Columbia on Monday.
At the Tivoli Opsra-house this evening
a grand complimentary testimonial will
be tendered to Ferris Hartman. A new
; edition of "The Babes in the Wood"
! will be presented lor the occasion.
] Many societies, lodges and social gatber
! ing«, for which he has so often obliged
and rendered his services, will send rep
resentatives to-night.
The California Theater reopens on Mon
day with "In Darkest Russia."
The Quaker City Quartet is continuing
I the htt made at the Orpheum on Monday
I nieht, and Howard's comic pianoforte
j playiag has caught on well. As stated in
The Cam. Miss d'Anstralio'a singing is
not of the kind likely to please a vande
ville audience, and realizing this the lady
has withdrawn from the programme.
AINSWORTH ESTATE.
The Widow Petitions for Her Dower
Interest in It.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 4.— Mrs. Mar
garet S. Ainswortb, the widow of the late
George C. Ainswortb, residing at Clare
mont', has petitioned the County Court of
Portland, Or., for her dower interest in
the estate instead of a one-third at the ex
piration'tof five years as provided by the
will. Tins instrument was tiled for pro
bate October 29, 1893, there, and a copy of
it here December 31, 1895. It provided for
her holding all of the estate in trust, and
not later than five years after testator's
death divide it equally between herself
and the two children, Lawrence and Mabel
Ainsworth.
NEW TO-DAT.
Uncle Sam
Has
Discovered
; Away up North, the skin of
the Nova Scotia Seal, which
makes a shoe leather im-
pervious to water, and with
Cork Soles it makes an
Absolutely
Waterproof Shoe
preventing colds, coughs,
rheumatism, etc., the com-
mon result of wet feet. >
Every Genuine Pair Stamped
BUCKINGHAM As lil.lUl.
Kast's
738-740 Market -St.
Carry a Full Tine of Buckingham
& Hecht'D j'liie ■*!■(><••<. ,
tar Send for Catalogue.
THE FIRE OF LIFE.
The Wonderful Vitalizing Electric Currents Which Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt Sends Leaping Over the Nerves, Carrying Joy. and
Gladness to the Heart, Saturating the Body With the Fire of
Youth— lt Makes Men Young and Young Men Manly. ,
jgßStok' Men, why will you be weak'? Why do you
vjil&BJ3 not listen to the flight of tim«, to the echo of
i|ilf|jSr thousands of grateful voices raised in thanks
jHHr to Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ? Why do you
go on from day to day realizing that you are
' ' d&SI^WJ&Wk . losing your nerve force, your manhood, when
SB WUff < on see a cure v within your grasp ? Reach for
j&BmmSSS&Nff it, take it to your heart, and feel the life blood
a!i§lJiMS&Bsß flowing, jumping, dancing through your veins ;
feel the exhilarating spark of manly power
mP|||||P||^| . warm your frame, the bright flash come to
Mg&j||Bls| your eye, and the linn grip to your hand —
kmSh the grip which clasps your fellow man and
E| spg B tells him that you have found your Mccca —
HffHß have regained your manhood. Act to-day;
reign Wsgfw c *° not delay a matter which is a key to your
Bfflw tSUI future happiness. ; jlo not allow a disease to
Pis gi|j| destroy all possibility of future pleasure for
6 I jffift you. Whatever your condition to-day, you
« 9 will not improve as you grow older. Age calls
m i W for great vital force, and the older you get the
HI HL^- more pronounced and apparent will be your
%. ||',^j**T"l weakness ; so cure it now — cure it. The time
"v*4wT^ is ripe. While the vital spark is still warm,
it can easily be fanned to flame by electricity, and Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt will make you strong if you try it now.
-Made a New Man of Him.
. MOUNTAIN VIEW. Cal., November 1, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I thought I would address you- these few lines
to let you know how lam Retting along.'.; I can say lam feeling fine. I have gained
in weight and strength. My back docs not ache any more. lam not so nervous, and
better still, I can work hard all day and not feel tired at night. I can sleep well and
get up refreshed in the mornin.e. 1 have noticed this more because last year doing
tue same work I would terribly tired and weak at night and would get* up in the
morning still worse. . I weigh nine pounds more now.than when 1 began wearing the
belt. With best wished for the success of your belt, I remain yours traly,
•JESUS ESPINOSA, Mountain View, Cal.
DO YOU SUFFER
From varicocele or any wasting disease, from kidney or organic
troubles, rheumatism, lame back, lumbago, sciatica ? Do you
feel tired and lazy when you ought to be bright and full of life ?
All these signs can be cured by this famous Electric Belt. "• If
you are weak or sick in any way, call on or write to Dr. Sanden
and he will show you evidence of others cured of similar com-
plaints by his Electric Belt. His book, "Three Classes of Men,"
will be sent free, sealed, by mail on application. Read it and try
this remedy. It will cure you, no matter what else has failed.
JS.A.:KrxD3E::riT eleotrio co
632 MARKET ST.; OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
SO. Tol\ U n«o B rttn^ £535 wfe^Sft^? l ° L O ffl " 3 *' Los Angeles, CL. 204.
NOTE.— Make no mistake in the :mmber-83a Market street.
X . _ fIHDsHBHB I ?SS3 > . ' ■ " N ." ."■."" . •;•■■■. &
~, ■'^CJ ". *'/ ■ " q4 *''..'■• - ■* - •• '•... ■'- 2P - ■ ■ ■...■-••■- .. Jt
8 li Kisß^i||iii. 1 Vw'.1| .. . . .*"""'" "'ll ffl^^ ": . You v/ill find one coupon in- ® '
: I '■"" '" '"'''^iii'iiiiiii'iiiiiiiliaiiiiniji side ._. ac i! 2-ounce bag, and two' ■'• - : § '
•■§"." vw :o "■■'■ •"" ■-••■••■• "1 coupons-inside each : 4-ounce ' S
g ~ The Best ';, '-./rj. I ■ bag. Buy a bag, read the coupon %
§ Smoking TobaCCO Made I > and see how to get your share. ; 5
The will also j rovides that if she so
elects, as by the laws 01 Oregon sh» may
do, she might take the dower inftead. and
then the trust would apply for the benefit
of the children. Mrs. Aiusworth refuses
such demises, except the trusteeship for
the children.
S taring ".Returns.
OAKLAND, Cal , Nov. 4— The County
Clerk's office has been a busy place to-div,
ns the official returns of yesterday's elec
tion have been <ominß in. Mr. Jordan,
as in all of his other duties, had prepared
for the rush, and each precinct was
checked off as received and the ballots
and tally-sheets deposited at once in the
bin vault built for that purpose and where
they will bf kept until the canvass is
made next Monday by the Supervisors.
In ISOI it was estimated that the English
language was spoken by L' 0,520,000 people;
in 1893 the number hod increased to 111,»
500,00 a
PRICES— With Cork Soles.
Men's $5 00
Ladies' $4 50
Without Cork Soles.
Ladies' $3 50
Boys' 11 to 2. $2 50: 2^ to 6. $3 00
Misses' 11 to 2, $1 75 and $2 50
Children's 6 to 7%. $125
Bto 10J 2 ', $L 50 and $2 00
FOB SALE AT
Kast's. 738-710 Market Street, S.F.VESSELS LYING :
UP AT SAUSALITO
The Belford Is the First
. • of Her Kind to Lead
the Way.
Captain McKinnon Expects That
Freight Rates Will Make
a Sharp Advance.
OTHER MASTERS WILL FOLLOW
Whalers Are Now B.ing Refitted for
a Cruise in the Southern
Seas.
Disengaged ships are seeking high char
ters. Nearly every vessel that has come
here from Australia, England, China and
Japan has been "chartered prior to arri
val," but still some have been "disen
gajred," and it is tnese tnat are looking
for big prices. It just happens that tnere
are more vessels than wheat and until the
last year's crop begins to come in there
will not be much demand for ships.
Figuring on this state of affairs Captain
McKinnon took the Belford over to Sau
salito and now has tier hard and fast in
the mud. It is only a few months ago
since the last of the fleet that laid up in
Richardsons Bay last year was towed out
and loaded with wheat and now the Bel
fHst starts the bail rolling ajr.-iin. The ac
ct»mpanyinu sketch shows the vessel as
Bhe appeared yesterday in her lonely
state, but the chances are that betore the
■weeK is out she wiil be joined by several
other?, the captains of which are willing
to wait a few weeks for better prices in the
freicht market.
The whalers are the busiest vessels on
the water iront. The captains of the Cape
Horn Pigepn and Charles W. Morgan are
both in a hurry to pet their cargoes out
" and remitted in order to get away for tne
'southern seas. Tnere the sperm whale
will t>e chased and an early start will be
made for the Arctic. The only vessels t:iat
will winter at Herschal Island will be the
Mary .D. Hume, which has been there
three seasons, tho Newport, Jessie H.
Freeman and Wanderer, all of which
have been in the Arctic three years, and
the Grampus, wiiicu has been there two
s"ears. Many of the men on these vessels
have staid rieht with them throughout
.the Jong winters and will come home with
their vessels next November.
The Navarch, now in port, wiil go to
Oakland Creek and will noc fit out again
until next March.
\Y. S. Manning, the popular assistant
superintendent of the Sprecfceh>' Towboat
.Company, bus taken unto himself a wife.
He was married last Saturday to Miss
Pearl Estei.e Mattheis of Alameda. The
marriage ceremony took place at lUIS >
Chestnut street, Alameda, and the young
couple have made a home for themselves
near Versailles station. Mr. Manning is
one of the most popular young men on.
t.'ie water front, and his friends are con- !
pratulating him iroai morning till night, i
Not even the fact that McKinley has been j
eiected can make ihem forget that "Billy" 1
ib now a benedict.
The gunboat Bennington got in from
Port Angeles yesteruay. She will remain
in the stream lor a few days and will then
go to Mare Island. After an overhauling
ehe may be sent to Honolulu.
The last of the salmon fleet got in yes
terday in the shape of the George Sko!
ficld. She came in from Fort Wranele
with 44,000 cases of salmon and 400 half
barrels jt the same fish. All the fisher
men were taken ashore on the tug Vfg
ilatU, but the Chinese were not allowed to
land until they were passed upon by a
United States Custom-house inspector.
This could not be accomplished for some
time, so the tug was turned into a prisou
■ ship for the time being.
The Monticello has cut the rates to Val
lejo. In future Captain Hatch will charge
. 15 cents for a single trip and 25 cents for
the round trip. This rate will only be
good on the 7 a. m. and 4p. m. trips, and
good for twenty-four hours. The Sunol
has been carrying passengers right alone
for 10 cents each way, and the Monticello
has been compelled to meet that fieure.
When the latter vessel was charging 50
, cents no one would travel on her because
they thought hei unsafe. Now that the
round trip has been reduced to 25 cents
'the Vallejoites think her the finest boat
on the bay.
FOR A THEATER CIRCUIT.
Guitav Walter on Hi* Way East to
Make Arrangements.
Gustav Walter left last eveniug for New
:York, where he is going to meet the mem
bers of the English syndicate, with which
•he will, if satisfactory arrangements can
be made, form a theatrical combination.
.The idea is to form a circuit of theaters
across tne country, and even to England.
Mr. Walter already has options on two or
.three theaters between here and the East,
and these will be opened very soon. If
the syndicate does not come in Walter in
tends to open the theaters himself. He
.will-spend time in Europe before he
returns, where he will go over the theatri
cal attractions with a view to securing
suitable ones for the circuit. Among them
is Rosner's electrical demonstrations,
whicii is now creating quite a sensation
across the water.
• — > m • ■
In Uganda you can get a wife for two or
three bullocks, or even for six good sewing
needles, or a box of percussion caps.
The Officers Who Will Take Part in the Tenth Anniversary Exercises of Golden Gate Union,
V, P. S, C E, To-Night. '
. -■ .'<... .' i'.w.ni'». > ' >"• ■ ■■■ -
Captains of British Ships Arc Expecting an Advance in Freight Rates. The Belford Has Gone to Sausalito to Await the Advance and
Other Ships Will Follow Her Example.
CONVENTION OF
ENDEAVORERS
Tenth Anniversary of Gold
en Gate Union, Y.
P. S. C. E.
The Quarterly Gathering of the
Union to Be at the
Same Time.
AN INTERESTING PROGEAMM \
Earnest Efforts B?ing Made to Raise
Funds for the International
Convention of '97
A most interesting time is expected at
the tenth anniversary of the Golden Gate
Union of Christian Endeavor, to be held
at the First Baptist Church to-night, be
cause it also happens to be the occasion of
the quarterly convention. ■■--
The Alameda County Union will be over
in a body. Maria County will also be well
represented.
The church is now being decorated for
the occasion in a most tasteful manner. ;
The convention will open.with musical,
selections by the First Baptist 1 Church
orchestra, under the leadership of fR. P.
Evans, who will also lead the praise^ ser
vice.
These will be followed by the doxology,
prayer and Bible reading, a&d the
"Gloria" from Mozart's "Twelfth Mass"
given as an interlude by the orchestra.
Then the actual business of the conven
tion will be transacted.
The report of the secretary, Miss M. C.
Sanquist. will give an account of the work
accomplished in the last three months.
It will also deal with an outline of the
union's plans for the next quarter.
The report of the treasurer, Charles M.
Whitney, will include all moneys received
from the different societies for tho '97
fund up to 8 p. M. to-day.
Chairman Watt of the '97 committee in
his report will name all the chairmen
for the different branches of the commi
tee. . ......
During the consecration service, which
will begin promptly at 8 o'clock, the doors
will be closed. It will be Jed by Rev. M.
P. Boynton, pastor of the First Baptist
Church. . Tiiis service will precede an ad
dress, entitled "State's Part in '97," by
Francis N. Reed, State secretary of the
•hristiau Endeavor.
During the offertory several vocal se
lections will be rendered by Miss Graham.
An address, "Spiritual Preparation for
'97," will be given by Rev. Dr. Mackenzie,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church.
Dr. Coyle of the First Presbyterian Church
of Oakland was expected to deliver the
address, but on account of going East was
obliged to cancel his engagement.
After the report of the credential com
mittee the exercises will be concluded by
the singing of "Mizpah" and the benedic
tion.
To-morrow evening a musical and fancy
drill by the '97 drill sauad, composed of
young' ladies of the Y. P. S. C. E., will be
had at the First Baptist Church, begin
ning at 8 o'clock. Tne proceeds will be
turned into the fund lor securing the in
ternational convention of next year.
Tickets will be sold at 25 cents. This event
is due to the earnest efforts of President
James A. Wiles.
Illegal Voting.
Frank J. McGrath, the printer, who was ar
rested in the Eighth Precinct of the Thirtieth
District for illegal voting, appeared before
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
Judjre Low yesterday morning. By consent
the case was continued till to-morrow.
■->♦ . ■ -
DEATH OF J K. FAHEY
He Was a Pioneer of Tuoluume County ,
and the Largest Cattle-Dealer in
the County.
John K. Fahey, a California pioneer
who came around the Horn in 1851, died at
his residence in Sonora.Tuolumne County,
yesterday.
The deceased was an extensive rancher
and the largest cattle-dealer in the county.
He was universally respected by all
with wnoru he came in contact. His wife
died two years ago, and he has been fail
ing in health ever since. He leaves live
children to mourn his loss— two sons and
three daughters, one of whom is the wife
of William Fahey, proprietor of the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Fahey left yesterday morn
ins via Stockton for Sonora to attend the
funeral.
• • — ♦— •
PLEADED NOT GUILTY.
People's Bank Depositors Arraigned on
a Charge uf Libel.
George B. Conant and Thomas S. Wil
liams, two of the People's Bank depositors
indicted for libeling Judge Hebbard, were
arraigned before Judge Daingerfield yes
terday and pleaded not guilty, with tne
privilege of withdrawing their pleas with
in two days if they so desire. Their trial
was set for November 13.
The nve others indicted with Williams
and Conant were not present in court to
plead, but were represented by counsel.
Julius Kahn, special counsel for the prose
cution, objected to allowing their lawyer
to plead for them and Judge Daingertieid
accordingly orderd them to aopear Friday
for arraignment.
IS TOO LAZY TO WORK.
Edward Erickson, a Tramp,
Breaks Open a Postal-Box
on Bernal Heights.
He Admits That He Did It to Be S.nt
to Jail, Where He Would
Get Good Food.
Edward Erickson, a tramp, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Policeman J. J.
Kern and booked at the Seventeenth
street station on tne charge of malicious
mischief, lie was later taken to the City
Prison and will be handed over to the
Federal authorities.
Between 12 and 1 o'clock Erickson broke
open a postal box with rocks on the cor
ner of Brewster and Cortez streets, Bernal
Heights. He was observed by two ladies,
who followed him till they met Police
man Kern and be placed him under ar
rest.
Erickson is a big, bulking fellow, 35
years of age, with very little intelligence.
He is a fine specimen of the tramp species
and has a horror of work.
"Whqt did 1 break open the box for?"
he said, in answer to a Question. "Weil,
I am tired of seeking for food and want to
be sent to jail, where I will get good food
and have nothing to do.
"Why don't I go to work? Well, be
cause I won't. I haven't done any work
for six months, and even if I wanted to I
couldn't get it here. I don't want to
work — that's about the size of it — as I am
too lazy. I have tried it, and don't see
any cooa in it."
"Why don't you go into the country
and get some easy job on one of the
ranches?"
"No, I won't. I have worked on
ranches, and never ypt saw an easy job on
them. I want to k'O to jail, and that's all
there is to it; so I thought if I broke open
the postal box I would get arrested. I
would have broken more if the policeman
badn't got me."
The boiler tubes of a large liner, if placed
in a row, would stretch nearly ten miles,
and tne condenser tubes more than
twenty-five miles.
SUDDEN RISE IN
STOCKS AND BONDS
Great Excitement in the
Exchange Over the
Elections.
United States Bonds Were "as
Good as Gold" at Any
Price.
ADVANCED $2 YESTERDAY.
San Francisco Sacurities Go Up From
$1 to $3 and Are H4i
Firmly.
The first flush of prosperity as a result
of the election of McKinley came early
yesterday morning. It came not in mere
talk, nor in hoping for better times, but
in the most substantial and positive man.
ner known. The success of tbe Repub
lican National ticket, and all it meant for
the Nation, made itself apparent to the
complete satisfaction of everybody con
cerned, and all that happened in the place
where the very securities of the United
States and of San Francisco were at stake
—in the btock and Bond Exchange of
S&n Francisco.
The change was like a bright sunny
morning after a long, tedious spell of dark
and gloomy days. Where but a few days
before, as has been asserted by several
bankers and stock - brokers, things
were dangerously close to a panic,
money was loose again, merchants,
brokers, capitalists and depositors in sav
ings banks were contented in their minds
and easy about money. But in the Stork
and Bond Exchange the feeling was more
than mere contentment, it bordered on
excitement all day — the opposite of a
panic, for the excitement had the nature
of a ratification combined with the pleas
ure of seeing securities rise with sudden
strides, the like of which was almost un
precedented.
In times of mining deals, when nobody
Knew what shares were worth from hour
to hour, there was no more genuine sensa
tion crfiated by the advance in stocks than
when yesterday the men of money un
loosed their purse strings and eagerly
rushed after bouds and securities. United
States bonds were again in tremendous de
mand by men who did not possess enough
of vbem"; but the men who were the tonu
nate owners of these securities declined to
part with the bonds.
When the morning session of the ex
change opened a broker bid $109 for 4 p9r
cent bonds (quarterly coupon or quarterly
registered) and $119 for 4 per cent quar
teriy coupon, aew.
When the exchange closed Monday
evening these were selling at $107 and $117
respectively. •
But the extraordinary bound of $2 was
no temptation to the holders of Uncle
Sam's bonds.
"United States bonds at 109anall9!"
exclaimed an enthusiastic bidder. "Wuo
wants to sell at 109 and 119?"
"Sell United States bonds now, oh, no;
they are as good as pold," repiied a broker.
"You nmst go higher."
The same astonishing rise took place in
stocks which are part of the securities of
San Francisco. For instance. Market
street Railway, California-street Railway,
Omnibus Railway, Sprinc Valley Water
Company, Sutter-street Railway, Pacific
Gas Improvement, ban Francisco Gas
light stocks advanced from $1 to $3; Edi
son Light and Power Com: any went from
li9>i to 123 iv the bids and sold for 122^.
Here is a clear advance of something
like 2 per cent. As those stocks represent
securities of San Francisco it is easy to
conclude from their *ipa*modic rise that
all other securities of the city would ad
vance in a corresponding ratio. The ben
eficial effect, therefore, may be imagined.
Real estate itself must have felt the in
lluence with the result that the City was
far more wealt.'iy yesterday in its values
tnau on Monday- For the sake of com
parison the following figures from the
Stock and Bond Exchange bulletins of
November 2 and November 4 are here
given :
SKCI-RITTEa.
Nov. 2.
Bid.
Xov. 4.
Bid.
;•- •■•■■
[:-■'''.--
C. 8. Bonds— ■ ' "':
4* Quarterly (conpon)
4% Quarterly (regtslerej).
4% Quarterly coupon (new).....'...
Miscellaneous Bonds—
Californlr.-gi. able Co. &%.:. ... .:'.
Jdnrket-st. K'y la con. ir.orlg. 8J(.
Omnibus Cable Hallway 6%..
ring Valley \Vater4%.....
6uit«-r-s:. Hallway 5*
- Watkr stocks— j -.
Sprint: Va11ey.,....". ....;....
Gas Stocks— ■
Oai. land Gas, Light and Heat
Pacific Uas Improvement
B.iij FriiicUc0. ...... ....:. — ...:.
Bank of California.-.-.. .;. .'. .
M»rlc»;t-st. Railway Co.:. ...,»,.
Kdison Lii:btand Power CO.':; 1 .. 1 ;.
Hawaiian Coral and sugar C 0,...
Huuhli.son sugar Plantation...:.
[107
117
107 .
108 (
11« V*
.■■•96^
107 ii
|109
119
108 -
105
1171*
08 V 3V 3
108
97
96
. 61»4
,-.85'
r 93 ia
2-2-2 >*
41%
1«
■ 21?-
-62*4
#6
96
2*26
1123-181 123 -
-18 .-
-23%
The sales ot Monday and yesterday of
the same stocks were as follows:
November 2.
10:30 A. M. Sexnion.
HCICHIXSON S. r. CO MAKKBT BT. BAILWAY.
25 f2O 75; 10 84JOO
«5 •-'100! 50....ca41i 4200
10.... ca5h «0 75|
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Sales Between Boards.
8. V. WATSR.
15 $98 25
3 P. 31. Session. '
' 6. F. GASLIGHT. HAWAIIAN COMMERCIAL
6 ..»93 75 and scuab.
8. V. 4% BONDS. 10.... $16 00
2000........ $96 75 15....... 1000
1000 96 75
November 4.
10:30 A. HI. Session.'
HUTCHINSON 8. P. CO j 100. *44 25
25 $22-25 20... 44*5
•J5 2575 30 44 25
"225. * 23 0!)' 8 F. GASLIGHT.
25 23-5 5 $9500
25 23 BO SO 9600
, MABKKT-ST. RAILWAY. S. V. VATKB.
JO ....&4300 80...... $9700
50 4400 20. 97 25
30 44 U)
Sales Be; ween Boards.
MARK KT ST. RAILWAY! 8. I". GASLIGHT.
CON. BONDS. t%. 100 .....SB6 00
5000. $106 00
3 P. M. Session.
HAWAIIAN COMMKBCIAL MABKKT-ST. . EAILWAY.
AND6UGAB. 5U $43 75
23 *17 87Va 50..... 48 75
HCTCHINSON H. P. CO. 8. T. GASLIGHT.
10 $23 75 6 $96 25
75 23 H7Va 50 . 9325
15 2375 20 b625
15 23 87^ s. v. water.
s. v. 4% bonds 5 $97 50
7000 «98 60
These are the official figures, and they
tell their own story.
Goorere H. Buckingham, a member of the
exchange, declared that the rise from one
session to another was almost unprece
dented, && it was not confined to one line
of stocks or bonds, or any stocks in partic
ular. The influence of the electioti was
felt in all classes of securities. It brought
back confidence in one day, and that was
what the country wanted for a long time.
A Danghtem' Entertainment.
The King's Daughters of Howard-street M.
E. Church are to give an entertainment for
the benefit of the Lieaconess' Home this even
ing. An exceptionally tine programme b&s
been prepared, which includes a series of
thb.i.aux illustrating Tennyson's "Dream of
Kair Women." A ouarge of only 10 cents will
be made.
ATHLETICS AT NIGHT,
A Grand Entertainment at the
Olympic Club Next
Week.
A Chorns of Fifty Voices Will Ec a
Feature of the Musical
Progr. mm?.
The directors of the Olympic Club are
leaving no stone unturned in their efforts
to make the entertainment of the evening
of the 11th intit. a success in every par
ticular. The ladies who will be present
on this occasion can certainly count upon
witnessing feats of athletic skill and
prowess that will equal if not surpass the
great professional performances occasion*
ally seen in some of the theaters of this
City. It will be noticed in the following
letter from that famous athlete and ener
getic leader of the club, Howard Taylor,
that particular attention will also be given
to the vocal and instrumental part ot the
programme. Mr. Taylor's letter is self
explanatory:
The Olympic Club will give a grand ladies'
night on me 11th lust., and in arrangement of
programme will surpass anything ever given
in tne club's irrmuujiuni. Ine members have
been working assiduously the past month
polishing up their latent energies and acquir
ing a neatness and finish to their respective
acts. The athletic programme, as already ar
ranged, shows a budget of novelties, mid, it
The Call's predilection is of any value, ought
to capiure the large and enthusiastic audienca
which will no doubt attend.
Assistant Leader La Rue and Professor
Belau deserve special praiso for developing
some remarkably clever gymnasts, who will
show their dariiiK mid skill on the above
evening. The triple bar* will again be in evi
dence, together with tumbling, leaping, box
ing and wrestling. A pole act by A. Cooper,
an exhibition on the slack wire by W. Dorn, a
burlesque boxing bout, representing McKimey
and Bryan, by Cornell and Empey; a juvonilu
class of fencers and a genuine duel bcene be
tween Pro.essor Trouchet and K. Lastreto,
will be some of the new features (it would not
do to tell all of them). The last-named event
will be realißtic in the extreme; each will b$
attended by seconds, and a real live doctor
will be ou hand. They will contest with
pointed rapiers and a startling finish is antici
pated.
The evening's entertainment will conclude
with a grand miustrei first part, for whien the
club's gymnasium will be handsomely deco
rated Miiii beautifully illuminated. A large
stave, 38x32, is in the course of erection, and
will bu replete with genuine stage settings,
electrical effects and all the necessary seeDic
environments. The first part will consist of a
grand overture by the entire company. The
chorus, containing about fifty voices, Is now
being shaped for the occasion under the per
bonal supervision of Fletcher iilton. About
fifteen madrigal boys will also assist.
itallads will be rendered by Messrs. Finnic,
Cofliu, Turbox, Tucker and Halett, and the
popular airs will be sung by Comedians Cath
cart, Kwinnerton, Rosborough, Hines and
Mitchell. The Press Club Quartet will also
sing some of their new selections. All the
latest political gags will be sprung by the
funny eudmou, and a rollicking fast climax
will conclude the performance.
Tho club directors are certainly striving In
the right. direction to restore the lost vitality
and athletic prestige winch In-.s so long been
(K.rinant, and a continuance of the marked
efforts and apparent energy will indue time
stamp the Olympic Club as of yore, the grand
est athletic institution in the couuiry.
For n Family Aliowauce.
Teresa Bell, widow of Thomas Bell, yester
day petitioned th* Probate Court for an order
compelling the executors of her husband's
will to pay her $10,000 of the #24,000 shortly
to be received from the sale of th« Alaotima
mine. She clatm* there is $«0,000 due her
un<ier the court's ord^r for family allowance,
ami that owing to the nonpayment sac has
run into debt $^0,000, to the payment of
which sum she desires to apply the $15,000
asked for.
Coin collectors reeard the collecting of
old Greek coins as their mo^t formidable
task, not because of their ruruy, but be
cHuse fully lUOO independent cities had a
distinctive series of coins.
' ___'_ _'_ _ ' XXTT TO-DAY- DRT GOODS."
ilpiipiiii
IN •
NEW OUTER GARMENTS!
In connection with the many other SURPRISING BARGAINS
OFFERED FOR ELECTION WEEK we quote six of THE MOST
STYLISH AND POPULAR LINES OF NEW OUTER GARMENTS
AT SPECIALLY LOW PRICES!
-A.t 45.00. . • 1 At 6ia.50.
LADIES' BO UCLE CLOTH JACKETS, LADIES' JACKETS.in Astraclian or plain
lan pockets, coat back, colors black Kersey cloth, lined throughout with
and navy, regular value $7 50, special silk serge, co ors black and navy, res-
Bale price $5 each. u ' ar value Sl7 £0, special sale price
$12 50 each.
A . _ _ ; At SfelS.OO
T , mroi iK^S^-SSLw ' , Tn n,,, LADIES' EMPIRE JACKETS, slashed
LADIES BROWN KERSE\ CLOTH - collar.inlaid with velvet.cuffs to match,
JACKETS, half lined with silk, high fronts faced with silk scree, regular
neck, large pearl buttons, regular value value $20, special sale price"sls each.
$12 50, special sale price $7 50 each.
____- A.t $10.00.
LADIES' AST. EACH AN CLOTH CAPES,
At $ 10.00, lined with silk serge, storm collar and
LADIES' LIGHT TAN KERSEY CLOTH front edged with black Thibet fur,
JACKETS, pleated back, lap pockets, colors black, riavy and two-tone mix-
large pearl buttons, regular value $15, tures, regular value $15, special sale
special sale price $10 each. price $10 each.
LATE NOVELTIES IN COLORED DRESS GOODS.
At 23 Cents*.
150 pieces 38- INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH SURAH SERGE, in navys, browns,
greens, wines and garnets, regular price 50c, on sale at 25c a yard.
.A.* SO Cciit^.
92 pieces 52-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVY CHEVIOTINE SERGE,
regular price 85c, on sale at 50c a yard. ■■'-.'_>"? ""■ ~' i:
j&jt SO Cents.
51 pieces INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY SCOTCH CHEVIOT SUITING, in checks,
* mottled and diagonal effects, regular price 9jc, on sale at 50c a yard.
-A-t 75 Cents.
57 pieces 46-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL TWO-TONED BOURETTE SUITING, new
colorings, regular price $1 25, on sale at 75c a yard.
j£hJt J51.00.
29 pieces 46-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY BOIiRETTE STRIPED SUITING, in
two-toned effects, regular price $1 50, on sale a\ $1 a yard.
:-.:-K --V'v- jS^rt $1.25.
42 pieces 44-INCH HIGH-GRADE SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS,. in checks, bourettes, figured and brocaded effects, regular price $1 75, on
sale at $1 25 a yard. ~.
/Sf/W^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Martjt Street, corner of Jones, /
taA.yss- rn.AKrqiscp.
1 ™EE
1 AN ELEGANT BUTTON FREE
i with each package of
I CIGARETTES
I'■ _ _
U AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE
I A COLLECTION OF BUTTONS '
? ; WITHOUT COST.
fiSf t ™"^SSisisfoßEDSs
■ Sw^JlW -^J •'•rillßlWiWfcP llbU I Wilfcl#Vltol!zer,theprescrlp.
■vV Z^mf Sr BSS ,«pv £3 ' tlonot a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr- %
R \l\ jr \l \f\ . - 'vT-vous or dls»»a.ses of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
BSi kS/ki Vj f - *£*}} ■ Insomnia, I'alns In the Buck, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility,
1 \ mt^L \ SOSSSS' Pimples, TJnfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicooelc ana
g^ \^ r * V -'••.' -/ ■ Constipation. It stop* all lessen by day or night. Prevents quick- ■
»$ >«• '"ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
larrnnr ... irTPR all tha horrors of Impotency. tCPIDUSE cleanses taeliver, th«
h BttUHfc and #%!■ Icm the urinary or&ansoi all impurities. . .
. m ■ CITPI*»Fi!SE strengthens and restores small weak organs. '
-' ■ .-* The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c«nt are troubled with
'. Prostmtltla. CUPIDENE Is the only fcno-»i remedy to euro without an operation. 5000 tcstimonl.
-' ■Is. A written guarantee given and money returned if six. boxes does not effect & perniauect Jure,
'.- a box, six for $M», by mall. Send for free circular and testimonials. x
■■ a Aadtau UAVIHi bLsLDUjlliJel CO., "1170 Market' street, Ban Francisco, CtO. Forsalabr
'-■■.-—. • ' iiiiOuKsi' JMIA.uMArY. lib i'uweiijw.rdafc
COSMOFOXjZT AKT.
Opposite ; IT. •8. Mint, \ 103 . and 102 Fifth St.,* Sn
I- ruucisco, Cal.— Tho noose I select i family I hotel i.i
the city. Board and room $1, $1 '-'■"> anil $1 50 per
day, according to room. ■ - Meals 25c. IWjiih - s\i3
and 75c a day. :> Free coach to and from the uo:ul
I<oow for the coacb bearing the name .of ilia <Jj*
BOBOlitaa ttowi. ' W*. Jb' Aiiii 4 . iTupnetut.
omjmwiicox compound
'■■ ■ Safe and sure relief; never tall, others
■ ■■ are Imitation*.'' At all druggists, Write for
mS Woman' $ Safeguard FREE. WIIXOX Mkw.
, *** CIS* Co., 22980. EigliUiSt., FMUuia., i'a.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
-I stHABY OV IHK BIAItKtTS.
Mlvcr lower.
Another Rood advance In Wheat.
Another ship taken for Australia. '
Hurley lit.-.. 1 hlt;ht-r. .
<>a;s. Com nnddtye unchanged.'
Buckwheat flrmly held.
Beans dull and unchanged. '
Flour ndvanced 2flc.
Jluy aim Feedstuff* as before.
J'utatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Batter and Kegs weak. Cheese stead/.
Poultry In excessive supply.
(impel dull and weak.
Uiosc! Raisins higher.
Dried Fruit very stiff.
rrovlsloui active an! linn.
Hops In pood demand.
Choloa Wool sells well.
Meat Market unchanzed.
RKOBXPTB OF ISLAND SCGAU.
SaoalpU Of Mawß'lan Mii;nr nt this port In Octrr
1, r were M,163 i;il-s or 1 ■i.'2-O.COO pounds, a
oonsldetable faiituf: off from Keptembec
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fl gum
at station lndlcaio maximum tomperatun> for the
days; those underneath It. If any, Hie amount of
raintall, of melted snow In inches and hiindredlhs,
during trio past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
llnea, COnneot poln s of •"<iual air pressure; lao
therms, or dotted lliips, equal tcnipttrature. 1 lie
word "blch** means high haromftrlc pressure and
Is usually aoconiDanted by fair weather: "low"
rtfers to low pressure, and is u«u«lly prere<led
and accompanied by clrulv wea:her"»nd rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Wushlneton
COast. Whin the lircssire Is hlph In the interior
and low along the const, and the i*oriars extend
north and ■oath nlong the coast, rain Is probable;
bat when !i" "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
:i nrkec! curvature, rain vo.nh of Oregon Is improl>
able. \\ lih a -hltrh" in ttic vl.-inity of Idaho, and
Ihe I reaaure fullm;: u> the California <•<)»»•. uarmei
weather may lie expected in sununer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
fill produce an opposite result.
AVKATIIKK I IKKAU KEPOKT.
UNITKD .STATKS Pki-ahtmkn-t OP AnRICDI<-
TiitK. Wkatiikr I'.rKKAi-, San Francisco, Nov.
4. 1896. 5 r. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
'1 In- following maximum temperatures are re
ported iron statiuus in California to-day:
hureica 60. Fresno 70, Sin Diego 74, Red Bluff
66, San Luis Obinpo 78, Vumj 76, San Francisco
64, Los Anseles,7*<.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 6 4,
minimum 51, mean 58.
Thepresiure is falling ra|ldly over Nevada,
Utah and Southern Idaho. An arra of low pres
sure central Ibll morn In? over Montana :s ap
pa <'n ly movlns southward rapidly an.l will prob
aoly CUM rain anil decidedly colder weather over
Nevada anil Utah Thursday and over Houtheasl
em California Thurjdav night. A feeble hi;h
linn, s 01T the coast of Northern California.
The ten perature has risen ov»< 15 decrees in
Hip past twemy-iour hours throughout Nevada.
Snow Is falling at Helena and Baker « ity. A
maximum win | velocity of 30 miles per hour
from the southwest la r -per ed at \» Innemucca.
Forecast made at san Francisco lor M) hours
ending midnight November*, 1896:
Northern California— Increasing cloudiness and
probably rain in northern and eastern portions
Thursday: colder Thursday ami Thursday night:
brisk Bouthwesterlr winds.
southern California — Increasing cloudiness
Thnrsday; colder Thuisday a>:d Thursday night;
fresh -.mull" • Mi riy winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and threatening weather
Thursday, with rain or snow la the northern por
tion; colder.
Utah— Cloud 7 and threatening weather Thurs
day, with rain or snow; colder.
Arizona — Increasing cloudiness*; colder Thurs
day night.
tan Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing cloudi
ness Ihurslay, becoming threatening Thnrsday
night: fresh ■outhwesterijr winds; colder Thun
day ulght. Alkxandkr O. McAdie.
Local Forecast OlßciaL
KIW lOKK MAKKKTS.
Financial.
• FW YORK. N. V.. Nov. 4. -The decisive
victory Rained yesterday by advocates of sound
money exerted a highly favorable influence on
American securities both at home and abroad.
arly rabies from London report a sharp advance
in Americans all along the line. The feeling there
was described as more confident than for a long
lime, und the rise In prices was nartly attributed
to the purchase of '.5,000 sham for American
count. Local concerns, who had the foresight
to keep open lust night, a new departure by the
way, coniiolled this business. The opening deal
hga here were attended with groat excitement.
Commission-houses reported n perfect flood of
orders, and operators who have been holding off
pending, the outcome, of the Presidential contest
were also eacer buyer*.
Stubborn bear* covered especially In the Indus
trials, and the floor of the Sock Exchange pre
sented a lively appearance. co:itnba.ing causes
to the buoyancy were a break of lc in th» posted
rate* of sterling exchange to $4 HI ' @4 85, ade
c Ids In call loans to BVi per cent per annum due
to :he offerings of over two and a half millions by
leading private bankers, an Increased Inquiry for
commercial vaper, the disappearance of the pre
mium on cold and an advance in the United Bta:es
4 percent bonca of 1925 of nearly 2 percent to
120*'«. a belief that the gold recently hoarded by
tiDila capitalists will soon be released now that"
the rtmiuni has been wiped out was not wlthont
us Influence.
When it is recalled that nearlr $50,000 000 of
the gold Imported since August 28 last cannot be
accounted 10 • ihe importance of the pending
chariKt- in monetary condi:lons can be rrallzrd.
Ihe iiiiiuviMiicii at the opening rang d from V*
to 6'< 4 per cent. Sugar rose 6'! to 125: Lake
Erie and Western preferred, 61 to 721.c: Wheel
lug and Lake Krie preferred. s}; to 85- Jersey
ventral, 5 to 110: United states Express. 6 tv 45;
Tennessee Coal. 4. > to 32; Brooklyn Union Gas,
4*4 tof4; Conso ted >■»•«. 4»i to 164« a: Mobile
aim Onto, 4Vs »o 22V4: i'uil m »n. 4 to f6O; Kay
state t.i«s 4 tv •.■•.",. Mlnnesoui Iron
4to 65: bt. Paul. 4 to bO; do proirrred. 4 to i 29;
Metrnpoltinn Iractlo.i. 4 to 105: i.ake shore.'asi
to 153. and the other i.o.ive Issues anywhere froui
lt™3iAp«>r cent. In the afternoon session tae
market mat n regular owing to profit taking and a
reaction 01 Vi to -J p.-r cent was no.cd. Bay >; i- •
vi«s and .-ujwr. however, receded 4 per cent.
>pecul/»ilon closed firm in tone. Net chances
show gains of Va 10 3V» per cent, Chlcaso i.as
letding. TJie tratisaciion^ »t-r»- heavy, footing ui>
r>4<>. lloo shares including 67.200 i*eadi:ig, 6 S)v>o
St. I ..li'. 64,400 sugar and 3^'.400 Burlington and
Qtiincy. '.-•••
The 'railway and miscellaneous bond market
was active and. buoyant in sympathy with" the rise
In stocks. On traiiHvrt o.< Rioted up the enor
mous total 01 9*. 14 .',000. The advance ranged
Irani 1 to 5 points "and was most pronounce In
Hie southwestern,' Western and Reading issues.
Government bonds gained I{<i2 percent. Fortv
six thousand sevrn bandied \Tollars rouDOn tours
.of 1929 brought 1 -j a.2o:<s: $70,000 regis
tered lives i : l»4(»liivi. »»^ $12,000 coupon
live*, 111 = j(O,li-J.
Grain.
FLOOR — Steady. Winter wheat, low grades.
1 S'J »08 3,1; do fair to fancy. *3 2&54 3u:
do iniru:s. 91 50@4 90: Minnesota clear, *.M&
4: >'■•■ Kralu «» ihi®i -5: do patent*.
*3 SSy.4 PO; low extras, *2 '.'O@3 26: city mi la,
f4 401.51 50: do paienU, $1 «U(Jpu 16. Rye flour—
i.ull. ».in.iy at $2 81)W3 10.
CORNMKAI~O.met, ateady.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMhtiLOCK & CO.,
4 LeideadorflT St. Tol. Main 1854.
• BRANCH OKFICM
CC3 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 8928.
I'IKDY A ATKINSON M H mi K rr«.
Orders irstantly executed on latest market que-
- tattoos. Reference lit National Bank, H. X■ ■■
UIiCAGU. fKIVATii. WLUii. SiKW YOdJC.
RVK— Dull, firm. Western, 48Vo<u>l4 1 ,4 c.
ISAItj.KV— Him. Feeding, "2\fQ «Vi e -
WIiKAT— hpot market lalrly active, ilrmerwith
options: f. o. h.. N7r ; ' H .- : ungraded red. 7<(<sßßc: No.
1 Northern. 85Vs'-- - - . «'.
Options ope 1 eu linn at 2»,i nd vance on decidedly
higher cables, firmer west and local cover! nj*, fell
lc on realising, ruled very irreguar and closed
firm at 1 Vz® l6 /b over Monday with a fairly active
trade., Deo- m ber ami .May mo'u acilve. >o. 2 ri-a,
January ,8. 7/ c: arch, 87y 8 c: May. 86V«c; No
vember. 81 8/, c; Detember, bo%a •
en . N — sj>ot, dull, firm. - No. 2. 31% c elevator;
82»/ 4 c afloat. . .
opiions were dull and ens.- at %c decline, fol
fo line the West and on real zing. May and De
ceuiber only traded' In. November, ai^ic: De
cember, .32c:. May, 35c. t
OAT. — soot, dull, steady.
Options dull, nominal May, 26. l }gC.
■ Bpbt prices: No. 2, 23c: No. -' white. 25% c;
No. 2 Chicago, 24c; No. 3. 20% c; No. 3 white,
23% c; mixtd Western, 22@'Jlc; while do, 24©
SSOi . '"/; / -4- ..-,,./."•
. - . .'..' Provisions. . . .
LARD — Quid, weaker: Western steam. $1 C 5;
city. >»4 SC@4 35: December, f-l 10, nominal;
Kenned, alow: Contlnentnl, $5; booth Amerlcau,
if.'> :».">; cunii'Otiixl, 4r (o) i"- H e. . ■ * .
I'OHK— moderate demand; new mess,
«8 60«C9. .
LI iIKK — Quiet: Western, dairy. 8V a c; do
creamery, lKy,@2oc: do factory, ll&4c; >-lgins.
H" i-'di-"''; •miiaiiuii creamery, 10%->« l »i-.
CiiKKSK- Quirt, firm; part skims,' ay a 3 ic:
full skims, 2%WSu •
• M,Uh-Hrm; ■ icehouse.; 14%@16c; Western,
tresh, 20c; uo. case, * - _'<a3 60: lltnea, 15c; do, case,
$3@3 60.
'1 ALLOW— Firmer; city, 3y»c; country, Ss/.^
3%c
COTTONBEKD OlL— Dull, nominal; crude, 22c;
yellow prime. '_'6c.
KlCK— Firm, active, unchanged; domestic,
3^®«c: Jaiaa, 3=sie4y4c
. ■ ■i.A>>h..-.- ft 11-adv.1 1- adv. quiet; New Orleans, 25@
86c. : . .-iWi
-1 OFFXK— R: rely steady, 10@15 point* up: No
vember, .$lO 30: Dec. liner. *10 10<(9l0 15:
March, $10 l()@10 15: April, SlO 10: June,
$10 03, July. $10 10; September, $10 20^10 25.
tspot Rio. dull, flrni; No. 7. lie.
bUOAIt — Firm, unchanged; off A, 3y @4c;
mold a, 4%c: » iiiiilurii A, 414 c; couiectiou
art 1 A, iy c, cut loaf, 4ygc; crushed, 8 c; pow
dered, 4'/ a c; granulated, '-i^ic; cubes, 4%c •
1 ruit mid I indue.-.
APRICOTS— Basa, 96*ilc.
) KACHKs— P..i«-.i lH(«14c: unpeelM, 7«9c
PltfNK:-— Four sues, nominally •s^B®^ Vic.
181 Two-crown, l~ M., 4*40; uo 3-crown
do 5*4: do 4-ciovvn do, 6^,41; do London layers
old, *• lf>f.iil 15: do now, $. 35@1 40: do duster*,
$. v .'» iv. 1 4S,
llOfs— Firm; Pacific » oast. B@l2c
WOOL — Moderate demand, firm; Domestic
fleece, lG@23c; pulled, 18(g.dlc; '1 ex as, 7®l2c
HcmlihiklUk.
rinillOX- Quid : American. «;'' 25@13 50.
lOPl'Kll- Hrm: Inks. *10 80310 9j.
i > a 1 - Firm; domestic. *•/ 85^82 90
TlN— Firm; Strutts, 13 05(3*13 15; plates,
linn.
tPELTER-Flrm: domestic, $3 82Vi§i87Va
ClllfAliO MAKKKTS.
. CHICAGO. 'III.; Nov. 4.- Wheat opened this
morning with a hurrah at from 2 to 2%c advance
fro n Monday's close. The election of Mr. McKln
ley as President of the United States received the
credit for the oo>m. There were heavy offering!
at the advance, however, and about lc wai de
ducted from prices within the first half hour. The
de line was fo.low-il by a moderate rally. The
bulge was anticipated by a large number of trad
ers who bought on Monday. It was the selling out
of this wheat which caused the recession to take
place. Livei pool cables were up '-'Vid, making a
total gain ot-4%d since Monday. Receipts at
Chicago were 218 cars, and 63,153 bushels were
taken from .store.
The Northwest had 2065 car* against 28-6 last
weeic and 3174 a year ago, all for two day*. About
•11 hour before the close a fuil rrcove y to the
best opening figures too& place, but offerings were
HgAln fiee and a slump lOlloweJ in short order.
Kxpor Ctaannsa tor two days were 674,957 bush
<li. Hradstreeis reported an Increase in the
worl-i'i sockss ocks ol -2,. 35.000 bushels. CiosinK Con
tinental caTiles were Irregular, lierlln showed an
advance of 4V4 marks, but Paris was slightly
lower to s i*htly higher. December wheat opened
from 77(<4775j,e, *old between 7bi 8 c»i)(l ■ fts^c
closing at 76% C lV»(* . /■ s - higher man Monday.
Kstlaiated receipts lor tomorrow 175 cars.
CORN— A temporary a 1 Vance of very moderate
proportions took place in corn a. the beginning of
the session, but there was no stability to It, and
! when the wheat retrogression occurred corn was
! prompt in pursuing a Similar course. Trade was
lieli . Scatters were on both sides of the market,
but commission men weie doing little. Ueceip.s
were .74 cars, and 897,449 busheW were taken
fro n store. Liverpool cables were » 4 <i higher.
Kradstreets reported an Increase 111 stocks of
2, -21. 000 bushels, exports for two days were 1 68,-
I 09 bushels. May corn opened 29@'i9ViC-. declined
to 2 I •'•itc closing at ~h* ic s,r.(SV2>-'s ,r.(SV2>-' under Monday.
Ks lniated receipts for to-morrow 675 cars.
OATS- Like corn Improved slightly at tin start,
as a perlunctory recognition o: the wheat bulco,
but dl.l not remain long in firm condition. The
m»rkrt wus slow, generally speaittog. Receipts
were 713 cars, and 19.1.650 bushels were taken
irom store, Hradstr^ets reported an Increase
In stock* of 478.0U0 bushels. Exports amounted
to 200,021 iiushels. May oa closed %c under
Monday. • Estimated receipts for to-morrow 436
cars. .
FLAX-Was mer. Cash, 7.!Va<a74c: Decem
ber. 7i(g.7d%c; May, 81®s?%c. Receipts were
21 3 cars.
PROVISIONS— Despite weakness* In the hoj
market product opened wltn a sight gam over
Monday and with a inlrly firm tone. No support
was accorded prices, however,' and .hey na.urall.v
receded. A la c report of a second decline in nog
prices exercised a depressing effect, and every
thing depreciated. January pork closed 12% c
lower, January lard 7%clower. and January rius
2%c lower.
•BUITKIt— A fair business was -transacted In
the. butter market to-day. The feeling was steady
and'prlces unchanged. '
Creameries— Extras. 18c ft Ib: firsts. 16<$17c;
teconds. 1-iaMc; imitations, fancy, 12013 c
Dairies— Extras, 16c: firsts, 1 3@1 4c: second 9(&
10c. Ladles — Extras.. V%(sloc: firsts. b»»i R^ ,
packing nock, 8c: grease, 2' 2 ig»ac, roll nutter,
I 1 ftnl-jc.
EGGS— were steady. Offerings were fair and a
good demana existed. Prices were unchanged.
Fresh stock. 16%@1?c per dozen.
MONK)— Was steady at 7% on all classes of
loans. New , York exchange quoted at 83c dis
count,
Closing Prices.
wnm- November, 75c; December, 76%e;
May, 81 %3.
COKN — November. 23y8©-'3J,ic; December,
26Vi@25V»c: May. 28*ic
o»i!-- .»ovembei; jßy«c: December, 19 Tic;
May, 21%«a2c. ':
1 ORK— December. «7 02%: January. «7 90.
i Aj.l> — December. $4 22%:' January. »* 42%.
AijLb- December, So 70: -aaa»r/, «3 92»,
Livestock.
UNION RTOCKYARDS. It.v. Nov. The
receipts of cattle to-day was light, but the demand
was slow. The feeling was easy. Moderate offer
ings of hois failed to sustain tha: market. The
in mid was , indifferent and prices from barely
steady to 5 cents lower. Sheep were firm for de
slrablo lots, but Inferior sorts were easy.
CATTLE— Receipts. 11, COO. lancv beeves. *5 10
(a,5 'JO: choice to rrlme 1300 to 1800 th rivers.
14 ;sm.*i: tood to choice steers, law) to 1600 m.
14 40(44 70: medium steers. 1200 to 1400 Ib. S4 10
(14 85: lair beef steers. ' 1000 to IHOO lbs. S3 hOdfi
4 00: corcmon beef ' steers. S3 40663 75: good to
choice ttockers'and feeders. 900 to 1250 lb. *3 . v Ojfi
5 70: fair to tooJ -da 600 to 876 fit. »2 f>U<o !
5 25: bulls, choice to extra, $2 80@3 25: bulls,
poor to choice. $1 75(«2 75: cows and hMfera,
choice to prime, S3 &of^3 90: cows, fair to choice,
%'i "JStfiS 40; tows, common to fair canners. $1 Mi i,
•i in; calves, good 10 choice.- «5 60(^6 00: calves,
common to rood, S3 00$3 25: Texas crass steers.
%'i 85(53 25: . Western range steers, S.I 00064 00:
Western ranee cows ana heifers. .S. 2 s<a>o 30;
milkers and springers, %> head, 125^40. ■
ilOUS— Receipts. 24.000. .Heavy pacilnt ana
tMpplui: lots.- S3 20tt3 60: common to choice
mixed, S3 206£3 65: choice assorted. *j 500
.00. lithu 93 25^3 60: pigs. »-' 50*3 5a
bHEEP— Ktcvipts. 13.00 W. inivritK lv choice,
41 60 3 40; iambs, S3 00^4 50.
*, I NEW \OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, £ichan e < Money anil .< Railroad
Srinfos."
Money on call active at 3%310v: last loan a*. *X
and closing offered at 4>. Prime mercantile
paper, 647'^ liar silver. C 4%& Mexican Uoliars.
50(g,5 1 6ierltn« Kxchanze heavy, with actual
l.LMt:i"« m 1 rnkrrV bills at *« tOVa'<*4 81 for 60
days and $4 t-3%@4 r4 for demand. Posted rates.
*4 Mi/jjt« 85. Commercial bljls, $4 7904 SO.
Government bonds strong: Stale . bonds quiet:
rallruaa bonds quiet.- Silver at the board steadier.
<ir«iK« imm
Am Tel Cable-.. M ! Norfolk * Westn. 11%
Atchison 16V* 1 ■Preferred......... 17
Preferred 26 Northern Pacific... las,,
Adams Kxpresa... 148 Preferred. -• il B
Alton. Terre Haute &6 Northwestern HUi,
American Kxpresslll , Preferred ......145 '
AmerlcanTooacca 80 N. Y. Central...... 95
Preferred ¥8 N.Y.,Chlca«o**U 13
FayStateGas.....; 18Vi Ist preferred..... 73
Baltimore A Ohio . li"4 id preferred 30
.Brunswick Lands.. V 8V 8 X. V.4X.H. 174
Buffalo, Koch 16 N. V. A New Kng. *:>■*
Canada Pacinc... M>« N. V., <& W... f>s s
Canada Soutbera...' 49 | Preferred. 27
Canton Land....... 60" Ontario. . ... 8
Central Pact He lH%jo»:eno & Western 15V4
(ties. & Ohio i7V4 ! Oregon Improvmas 1%
Chicago Alton. 161 j Preferred. —
Preferred ....... 166 « rrgcu Navigation *0
Chicago, B. & <*... ' B^i Oregon Short, tan*. 16
Chlcaco AX. 111... 40 laclflcMall. ■ 24%
Preferred 9;« . |»orta. D. A Evarii ■ 2si
ChlcacoGM. .;.....' Plitstiurc & W. pM 16
Clere A Plitsbar*.. l<-2 Pullman Palace... .i6J»
iouaolidai ion Coal. 32 quicksilver. .... • °Vi
Consolidated Uaa..154 < Preferred.... "" *1&
i. C, CJ; 8L Louu 30 Keafllnc. ' " Jkn»
Preferred... 80 Klo«mn.tVi\vesYa lb
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 25 I Preferred. : 40.
Preferred VO P.ock Isiand! '" * ' 69%
Cotton Oil cert .... 17 Horn* w»tAOga'enl 110
Commercial Cable. 145 fct. L. As, \V.. t»vJ
Dei. Hudson... I'id i Preferred..-. '"' 7«i?
I>l LackAWestrn. 15» (ft. Paul "* 78
Denver* R. 0..... 12 ! "* Preferred.*.*. "**l2y
Preferred. • *&*/, bt. Paul A Duinttu 22
Distillers.'.'.... — . 1 Preferred. ha
General haectno... HI ■ fct. Pau. ,t omaaa." 4-V>
trie. : 16% 'Preferred. 122
Preferred.......... S6 , itu P. M. AM.. 109 '
I or: Wayne, 168. Mlver Certificate* 64%
threat Northern pfdl 18 Ibouttera l'adno.. 13
(ireen 8ay... ;...... l%lsoutnern it. 1t..." 10
Harlem,;...-........ 178 .J, Preferrecv..j.... 28'/%
THE SAaN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5. 1896.
Hocking Coal — — Itngar Hennery .... 121
Hocklns; VaU«y.... 1 -"Vi Preferred 10! Vi
Homestake. 34 V a 1 mi:. Coal & iron. 29
H. <Jt Texas C«nu..— Preferred SO
Illinois Central 93 Texas Paclne...... 9
lcttaCeniral » lol.A.A.&N.Mictt.
Preferreo 22y» Tol. & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas Texas... 11*4% Preferred.'....'.... 60
Preferred 273 1 ol.bt.LouisJk K.U. 6
KluiroionJt rem... 3 ■ 1Te1crred... ....... 15
Lake trie & Weatn 19 Icnlon I'acinc Jl
Preferred. 70 IU.I U. P. Den <t Unit.- 3Vi
Lake Shore 162 U. b. Coraage 6Vs
National Lead '.'6V3 Preferred...... 10
Preferred. 80 Guaranteed ...... 19%
lone 151 and........ 60 V. H. press... ... 40
Loultvllle <fc Nasn. .'-0' 4 I. «. Leather. .... 10%
LoulsvlUo. NaAOa iy 4 Preferred 65»4
Preferred .... H3^ {.. x. Rubber 224*
Manhattan Consul. 95»4i Preferred......... 74%
Memphis* Charu. 15 1 1 tlca &B. Ktvar..lso
Mexican Ceutral... »u 2 w«ti.M.tl'«e.. 7%
SilchigaM Central.. 90 Preferred.... 17%
Uiun&aL. — Wells-Forgo 88
Prelerred... __ Western Union.... 86 3 /i
*.lnn<Sßt. Lcom. :8%l Wisconsin Central. 2%
Ist referred 78 1 Wheeling &L. a.. 7%
preferred 48 Preferred ....30
-winsouri l'actaa... 24V%lAm Cotton OH pM. 60
Mobile £ Ohio 21%! W. U. Beef 7%
Nashville & Chatt. ii7%i Ann Arbor -.. 9
National Linseed.. 16 j Preferred. 23%
£. J. Central 107 / i l.rooklyn 1 ractlau. -.2%
WWUMUntM... 6 Kneidl»lO. 21
no«m nnxw
All a«M a«» 101 NortbernPAClsts.il 5
UoClasi H4. 55..101 ' J>o2ils 107
Alabama. clii*» C P4 l.'o^ds. 70
Airniaou«s 791/4 DoconaOl'M..... 61
i>o^ds A — 4*l/4 Olmprovement Is: I.'
(«nada»outh2d!i.. Ijo 6s .. 17%
Ceu lac lstsof t RAN i5t'5....... * 10
Lberoke«4s. 189U.101 lo 'onsol bs ... «3
18»7 101 Or Short Line .110%
£ol«|8 101 -Do cons 66
3899 101 recinc<Jsof'97....lOl
.-H^K^.y. l ? lo bs — 108 !lhiia<fi;l.eadlng4s. 80%
t «*« J. lrKcwss *4 I Dolstpfdlncam. «8
] *;6??;,-v; 6 ??;,-v IC »V* Grande 73
Uen &KU Ist 1131 /i taU-fclronMtOen it 74
0 *"- 90 bi L 4 8F Uen di.105
r ,r.^ u " 64 « jam C0n5015.. ..126
.11 * I>e "Clty 1 65 fcl VC& Pa lsts... 114,
' * 8A85...... 91 60 Carolina 4%5... 100
Do2d7s lop eontbernßßss... 90
iT 1 ™ lee J>el> b «-.- 94 I Do Pac Cal 1 sis' . 10 7
11* lex Cent 65.. 110 Term new 3. 78
l>ocon«s. 97 Texas Pacific l«s. H6%
lowa central Ists.. 95 Texas Pacl Uc Ms.. 2J
ivansas Pa Consols 70% Vnlou i'ac Ists 100
:'",. 1 » la lJeu UlvlOS !l hli reg of 1925.120
JLaConsol 4s 92 to 4s, coupon.... 120
inssourlfuudlng... r l=«s.r»T of 1907.109
tCI i Za * : 69 % Do 4». coupon.... 109
kPZ,,*"----- — --.. 8t l:«!> tV..... 95
A-oblle«fcOhlo4s.. 67 Uo6s. . ...111W.
Motual Union «v.. 106 Joes, coupon. ... 11l Vi
rv J Lent Oen 55... 116 iV» Inndlnc det>t... 68V4
J '.l,*-t. l ,*-t Louis 45105 I Loreclstered.
Nor<&\\«stUen 6s lift I l:o deferred 61... 6
in iV? ™"" D * con 4*. 93 J I'oirus: rcp-.sst. 6%
v? 0 , 68 — ......... 114 Waba*ti Ist £1 105
* orUl west Coasols. 1 35 \V «si bnore 4*. . . . . iU^si
«et> 5s 105 I
lOEKION MAKKET3.
TVHKAT IN LiriRFOOL
LIVF.RPOOL. Kno.. Nov. 4.— The spot market
is firm at 7s s<i@7s OJ. Cargoes firm at 33s 6d.
prompt shipment.
JTUTURIW.
The Produce Kxchance cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter. No
vember. 6s Byid: December, esß"»,id: January, 6s
B%d; February, 6s March, 6i 8i- 3 d.
BECURITIKS.
LONDON. Kno.. Nov. 4— Consols.riOß 9-16:
silver, 29 15-16 d; French Rentes. 102! 70s.
KXCHANGK AM) BULLIOX.
fterilns Exchanre, 60 day 5...... , _ f 4 81
Sier.lng Exchange, sight... "" _ 4 84Vi
Sterling Cables. \ _ 486
New York Exchange, sight....' — Par
New York Kxcbange, lelegraDblo.. — Par
Fine silver, V ounce. .... — 64 1/0
Mexican Dollars "'" . — 61
PRODUCE MARKET.
TTHKAT AMi (Mini; GRAINS.
WHEAT FKEIGHTS— Are largely nominal at
255, usual European options. Five vessels have
been taken for Australia, aod 26s 3d Is quoted for
thU business. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of H4,b00, against
60,600 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 39,000 ti n*. against 4000; on the way to
this port. V 15.500 tons, against 289,000.
WHEAT— The balvaiore Clam pa takes for Cork
67,490 c-.is valued at $76,186.
The market took another turn upward yester
day. .Futures advanced tiVic but subsequently
fell back somewhat. Spot Wheat rose 6c. ship
pers refused .o pay the a vance. but could not buy
under lv Qnoted at $1 85^1 45 for filrto choice
shipping and $1 47>^ for extra choice milling. <
I A 1.1. BOARD SALK.4.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo
oils. $1 54; 8000, $1 54 Vi: «i*oo, SI 64 Va: 4OOU
$1 65; 2000, «1 54S^: 2000. $1 bi^i -JOOO.
*1 64Vi: 2000 »1 64Vs! 200J, $1 63-v 4: 4000.
*1 53^: 4JUO. «1 S*3 t * '
SKCOND -ESBION — Mar — 6000 ells. '*1 645«
-•2010. »1 66; 2000. $1 64 V 8;V 8 ; BCKW. «1 64a,i: 400U,"
• 1 54« M,: «000, *1 64V4- uecember-400i7. $1 45:
60l'0, *1 4&VSi.
I.k.i 1 ah Munxixo Skssion— December— 2ooo
Ctl«, »1 44%; 2000, »1 43^s: 4000. $1 481^.;
6000, $1 48%. M«y-8000. *1 o3; ZOOO, *1 i'IvL
•JUOO. »1 5L.'S g ; 4000, »1 6^V4; 4000, 91 62V»;
4000, $1 o>-%.
AFTERNOON SESSION — May — 2000 Ctls, 91 52V4
-18.000. SI 5ir..i.: 6000, SI sls/ s : 8000. «1 oliV.
December- 16,000. 91 43: 2000, 91 42»,i: 8065.
91 431.2: 4000, SI 44. . . . , * ' i
BAULKY— Holder* are asking higher prices for
Feed again. We quote Fe»d, 80&8'.!^c; choice
bright, 85c ■$ cil; Brewing, 87^,3,00c; No. 1 Cheva
aller, $l($l 10.
f*ll. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock -No sales.
skshion— No sales. "
JtKnn.AR Morning SHAMON — Noaa'ea.
AFTERNOON > ENJUON-M I'OOO CtlS. 02Uc.
December— -:o00, 84c. .
DATs-Are Inactive at unchanged prices.
White range from 91 05 to SI 20 V ctl
according to quality. Bl«ck, for feed, 90c(a$ 1 05
-foraeed, 91 21HJJ1 tO: uray. nominal; Ked, 90c£
SI 05: Surprise, nominal — none here.
CORN — Quotations remain- unaltered. Large
Yellow, S'VjfjteOc f, «1; small Round do, B7v,cffli
91 * cU: White, 8&<390c. •" '»«•!»
KVE- steady at 916tl 05 ?l cU.
BUCkWiiiiAX-ls held higher at 91 25@l 35
r cU.
. FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR-The miller* have ad vanced prices 25c
9 bbl, to correspond with the advance In Whear.
The China steamer lookout 12.212 barrels. Net
cash prlCMs are as follows: Family extras. 94 6084
4 60: Bakers' extras, 94 40<ft4 50; SDDerflne, S3 65
($4 'f> obi.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 919 50020 60- i
Cracked Corn, »i!o@al > ton.
MILLXTUFFS-rrlces In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Grsbam Flour 92 »o
f* 100 lbs; Rye Flour. *•*• /5 t* 100 lbs: Rice Flour.
*5;5: Corn meal, -*'<! 35; extra cream do, 93-
Oatmeal, 93 40: Oat Groats, 94: Hominy »3 10
®3 30; wheat Flour, *3 10©3 60; Cracked
Wheat. 98 50: Farina. 94: Whole Wheat Flour
93; Rolled Oats, 94; rearl Barley, 93 71®i
bpUt Peas, S3 60; Green do. 94 26 V 100 Ids.
HAY AND FEKDXTCFFS.
No change In any description. .
Hit an— sl3 50(<j14 for t&9 best and 912 50@13
V ion for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 9I7@IB for lower grados, and
$18 .'iO(<t,lo 50 9 ton tor the best.
FEKDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $IJ«@l9 V ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill. 923 V* ion; joublug, S24i
Clipped Oats, 91 30<$l 35 V ML
H AY— Wheat, SH^IO 60: Wheat and Oat, STa
10; Oat. «rUi$K 50; Barley. $6«t7 60: Kiver Bar
ley, $5@6: Alfalfa, 95 60t*6 50: compressed, $6&9;
s.ock. *5«65 60; Clover, $6£B V ton.
Bl KAW-35@46c V bale.
. BEANS AM) SEEDS.
BEANS— Trade continues dull and prices show
no chance. . Colored ■ kinds are . offered ' freely.
Baros, 91 30@l 35; Small Whites. 91 40@l 50:
I.arce Whites. 91 3601 40: Pinks, 91 10« l 15;
Reds. 91 'Js<sl :-5: Blac*ey#. SI 10(,c*l 15: Ked
Kidney, $2 60: Llmas, 92®- 10; Butters. #1 40(26
1 76; Pea. 91 40@l 6J V ctl. *
SKKDs - Brown Mustard Is quotable -at
92 75@3 V cU: Yellow Mustard, $2 1002 25 »
e(l: Flax, 91 35*1 00: Canary Seed. /a @:>.'i.c
V Ib: Alfalfa. 3V4@BV4C: Rape. 2Vjc: Hemp. 3 Wo.
DRIr.K PKAs-Nues, 91@l 1j #t ctl; Green,
$1 40-£ 160 r CU.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POrATOES-Unietana unchanged. Bwcet Po
tatoes, &o,'<t7sc V ctl In sacks and 60c&91 In bxs;
Karly Ro«e, 2:i^.36c; Burhank .^eedhngs, 25@40c
for Kivers anil SO^S9U<: * ctl for Salinas.
. ONJONS-Stlll quoted at 'Js(s3oc * ctl. Pickles,
25@35cflsaclc. ; ..
. VtGKTABLES— Marrowfat Squash Is quotable
a .*."n«,7 r ion: Keg I'Unt. •_'. > >@.Ssc 9 box; Toma
toes, .20(s(3&c V box: Cucumbers, . *s®>sc«Auox:
Green IVppers. V.'ifujOc i* lane box: Dried Pep
pers, 7@loc f> Ib; (ireen Peas, 60c@$l %< sack
lor common and 2Vi@3c Ib for Garden: String
Beans, 75c@$l 25 p»k for common and 2>Ac >* lb
lor Garden: Llmas. s»@l &0 sack: Ureen Okra,
1:6@40c r> box; Dried jikra, ioai-' . 3 r %* tt>; Cab
bace. -iOc t* ctl; Carrots. 30040 C * »*ck: uarlic.
BITTER, CllKliSE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market Is very soft and the top
quotation is obtained less frequently. ,
Cukamkky- Fancy, 25c, with sales at 26c: sec
onds. U3&24c V &>. . : -:«
Dairt— Fancr. 21Vi@22i*ic: good to choice, 20
©21c: lower grades, i.><<si .><<s; Bc Ok
PICKI.KD— ioialHc V tb.: v.-
FiKKix— ls»"l7c V Ib
Crkamery Icb-IS@l9c ? B>.
. ' CHKK>t— Choice mild new, BV^4(9c ft Ib: com
mon to rood old, 6@Bc f» lb: Cream Cheddar. 10
@llc; Young America, Dii-lOc; Western, 10(*llc;
eastern. U«|l3c 9 lb. .
800 I — No lower, but weak. : Eastern are quot
nnle at 'JOttS-JVic •$ dozen for fair to choice; 24
(s2*c ■? ifozen lor fancy and 171,^^18 vs c for
rod-storage: store Egc«, 20^6. 5c f» dozen :"rancn
i tea, 00i0,3 - JViic for sma I 10 ni»clitim aud 35@
S7 Vjc lor choice; cold-storage, -•_'Vi!<J'-lc; Duck
t*:g*. 26c.
rOI'LTKY ANI> GAME.
rori TRY— The last car of Easterni s selling at
(505 60 for Hens. *4 sO'jis lor young Roosters.
*4 ■-'5(3,4 50 for old Roosters and $2 75<g3 25 for
Broi. era.
California stock continues In heavy supply. Tur
keys and young stock are demoralised, but large
fat iiens sell orer the quotations. Live Tur
key«, ll!(a>13c fb for Gobblers, U(Sl2c for Hens:
young Turkeys. 12Vfe®14c; wrested Ttirkevs. 14@
10: UisW, ■? pair, «1 26: Goslings. 41 6t6»1 75:
Dncks. f.<C9.'- f>o for old and $H(SI4 for vouns:
Hens. £B@4 50 V dcz: Roosters, younc. *'.'■ . 0(a4:
rto, old, *.'! i,Wa,i; Fryers, $2 76<a3 -6; l.ro.lir-i.
f 1 7!(g..'. '.'5 for large and f - -S'.a.'- 60. for small;
Paeons, *1 25@1 60 9 dozen for young and $1 for
old.
OAMK-Kngllsh Snipe quotable at 9 2 V dozen:
Jack Snipe. $1 ft doz; Hare. *1 V dozen: Rabbit*.
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 25 for small: Gray
Ueese. »2 25@2 50; While Oeese, *1* dozen:
Brant, $: 25©l 50. - ''
D£CII>UOUS AND CITBUS FBUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Pomegranates, 35@65c * box.
Apples, 65c0ai ft . box for choice, 25@50c for
common. '.
. Ptar*. 85@85c ft box.
I'erslmmons, 307aCl'bOX
l'K HH I Bto ■
Cranberries from Cape Cod. «7 50@8 14 bbl; from
Coos Bay. »2 50 '$ box. '
strawberries, $1 50@4 for large berries.
Raspberrlea, *s(g/65 (g/ 6 V. chest. .
"■ha ii >— Let-over slock soils to peddlers at 10
@20c. $ box. Fresh dry Urnpes are weak and
dull. Tokays,' 20@40c'$ box: Black drapes.
15@35c: Verdel% -Jo@;<s.-: Cornlchon*. iO(<«i<.'c:
Muscats, 'J':(94oc; waters. 25@35c V box;
Grapes in crates bring 10(&l&c more tnan In boxes.
, Wine Grapes are in small supply at **0@24
ton for I: lack.
CITRUS fItUITS— Lemonsare quotable at $1®
1 60 «t box for common and $'^2 50 t» oox
for gooi to choice; Mexican Limes, *4(£s|»box:
California l.lmes, " 50&75 c: Bananas. $l(fl2 ft
bunch; mneapples, *1 60iaa 50 ft dozen.
in: i 1 I) FKUITS, KAISINS, NUTS. ETC.
KKIF.P FRUITS— ~
Fresh orders from the East were liberal yester
day, and coming directly after the election of
McKluley were regarded by the trade ai signifi
cant. The market Is very stiff, with a further ad
vance in loose Raisins.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6©
9c for Royals and ll%©lvc for ■ choice
to fancy Moorparks; Prunes, . B%c for the
4 sires: Peaches, 4 i<i .')'...<■ for prime to choice. tjV 2
@7c for fancy and 9@lOo for peeled In boxes:
Applet, 53,4(^60 for evaporated and S?S2%c
for suu-drleu; Pt>ar», a^@sc for prime to choice.
4(a6 for quarters and 6(ft6V2<:/or halves: Plums,
4c lor pitted and lV&c lor nnpnted; Nectarines,
3 l M*4Vic or choice »nd r>V-c lor fancy; White
Figs, 3c: Black Figs. 2Vi@2y3CV
Jobbikb Tricks — Peaches. 4%@sVic « Ib;
fancy. BV4@7%c: * Ib: peeled. l2Vic •$ lb;
Apricots. 6v2<tfvc t» lb: fancy. 10c: Moorparks. li
If 13c: evaporated Apples. 6c: sun-dried. 2%ia
»c; Prunes, 3».i@4c tor the 4 sizes: Figs, black,
j 3c for unpresaed and 3@3%c for pressed; while
Figs, 4c; Plums. 4yj,@sc for pitted and forun
pitted: Nectarines, 4(tf6c ft Ib for prime to fancy:
Pears, 2^@sc tor whole, 4yj,©sVS»c for quarter!
and 4 Mi@6y,c for halves.
RAI.-INK—
Carload Prices, r. o. b. Frksxo— Fonr-crown
loose. 5y 4 c: 3-crown. 4 Vie: 2-crown, 3V4o;l Seedless
bultanas, 6 Vic: feedlesi Muscatels. 4c: 3-crown
London layer*. -fl 20: clusters, SI 50: Dehesa
clusters, *2 50; lmDerlal . dusters. «3: dried
U rapes, 3c t» Ib.
Jiip.Hiso Pricks— Francisco- Four-crown, ',
loose. 5»4c: 3-crown. 43/ 4 r; 2-crown. Sa^c: seedleis
sultanas, 6c: seedless Muscatels. 4W: 3-crowa
London layers, $1 30; clusters. *1 60; .Dehesa clus
ters, «2 75: Imperial clusters. «3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 10c: Walnuts,
new crop, f. o. b. shipping point, 6yjc Ib for
standard and 8c 9 Ib f. r softshell; Almonds. 6(3
6V^c lor Lancuedoc,3@:*y 2 c for hardshell and B@9o
for paper-shell. Jobbing: I'eanuts. 4@Bc for Kaaiern
and 4c lor California; Hickory Nuts. s<^6c « Ib:
Pecans, 7Vifeßc: Filberts. 7 i^(Sßc: Brazil Nuts,
<V2@Bc V ft.: Cocoanuts, *4(g,5 %» 100.
V-Comb, Jo@l2^c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5((45Va-:
light amber extracted. 4i»&ii4»ic: dark atuoer, i®
4Vic: dark, 2^3c « Ib. ■
lli!;ii:si\VAX-23©-. > 6c V ib.
- KOVISIOXJ.
Trade Is brisk and prices are very strong. '
CURED MK ATS— Bacon Is quotable a". 6o^(b
for heavy. 7c lb for Ugh: medium, 9 Vie for light
10c 9 tt> for extra light and liy»c ? Ib for sugai
cured: Kattern sugar-cured Jiams, 12Vb©13y s c:
California Hams. ll@HV 2 c: Mess Beef, *7(57 60;
extra mess do. SM(sh 60: family do, $9(a,» SO;
extra prime Pork, «7 60@!>; extra clear. $16 fl
bbl: mess. $14 V bbl; Smo<ed Beef, 10c 9 lb.
LARD— Kastern, tierces. Is Quoted at 6c for
compound and 6y.@7c lor pure; palls. 7%c f\ Ib;
California tierces, o<issV->c tP to for compound and
6V4C for pure: haU-bbis, 68/ 4 c; 10-tt> Una, 7V4C:
do 6-tt>, 7i.<,c ft Ib.
COTTOLENK— 6t/i»6>Ac In tierces and 7»i@
BV»c » tt. in 10 Ib tius , . • ,
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— DuII, but firm. Heavy
salted steers, 7c;cnllsand brands, 6c; medium, 6c;
culls and brands, 5c Y< lb: light,' Sc 9 it; culls and
brands, 4c lb: Cowhides 4V*'<£6VtC; culls and
brands, 3V^@4V%c; saited Kip, b@s>£c: salted Calf.
7c V Ib; salted Veal, 6c V &>; dry Hides, lOf^llc;
culls and brands, i" Vis®****; dry Kip and Veal. 9c;
culls. 6V%87r ?t Ib; dry Calf, isc; culls. 10c: Goat
skins. -O(s3sc each: Kids. . Sc: Deerskins, good
summer. i'o@2so 9 lb: medium. 16#20c: winter,
7(g,9c; Kheepskins, ahearlncs, 10®15c each: short
wool, 'Jo<s3sceach; . medium, 40<^50c each; long
wools, SO(£tiOc each. Culls of all kinds about yy 2 c
less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 2%@3c: No. 2, 2©
214 c; refined. 4*4(ssc: Grease.- 2c ft Ib. -
WOOL— There is a continued good demand for
choice clips at steady prices ' We quote Fall Wool
as follows: Southern mountain, ;'.«isi 3c3 c ft it>; mid
dle counties, free, bV 3 (a7c; do, defective. 4Vfe@oc:
Han Joaquin, 3(ssc. spring dip: Nevada, b(a.tii/2 c
V S>: San J'.'aquiu «nd {southern Coast, six months,
3i^@Jc.
1 -— SfnJy and in fair demand at 6@90 lor
fair to choice and 10c tor •trictlj fancy.
<.i M 1: \i MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 10© 1 15;
Pan Qaentin, »4 20; Wool Bags, 24Vj@-'6^c;
Fruit Bags. 6V<i@Sc. *X
COAL— Wellington', 98 V ton: New Wellington,
98 >• ton: !<outhfleld Wellington, 97 60 V ton;
Heattle. $5 50@6; Bryant, Ss@s 50- Coos Bay, 95;
Wallsend. »»>; scotch. : Brvmbo. ;
Cumberland, 913 9 ton in bulk and 914 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess. filial? f* ton;
Welsh Anthracite. $8310: Cannel. $B®B 60: Rock
Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60:
Coke. 911(*12 In bulk and 913 9 ion In sks.
CANDLES— Following are n»w quotations on
Paraffin* Wax Candles: l's, 2's, 4's, 6's, 12's,
white, BVic; colored,' 9 1 /* c .
SUGAR— The Western sugar .Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: I Cube and Crashed, 6%c;
Powdered, 6«, a c: Fine Crushed, 6~/ a c: Dry Granu
lated, 4*,^c: fee. loners' A,'4Vc; Magnolia a.
43 8 c; Extra C, 4V4C: Golden C, 4»/8 c ". half barrels
V4<- more than barrels, and boxes Viic more.
SAN. FKANCIbCO MEAT MARKET.
No further change in any d*scrtptlon. Whole-
Rale rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are
as follows: I
BF.EF—First quality, sc: second do. 4®4Vic;
third do. 3Vic it lb. ..... .
VEAL—Large. 4V>@sc; small, 6£ts7e V Ib,
MUTION — Wethers, 5(£5YsC; Ewes, 4®sc
"* ft.
LAMB-s©6cfHb. ■ ' '
PORK— Hogs, 3Vg@3Vac 9 Ib for large and
medium and 3VB®§l4c lor small; dressed do, 41/4
@4Vic .¥&..• ■ ■'. :.
:-. KECKIPTS OK, PRODUCE.
TOR 54 HOURS.
Floor. or *»«... 32.479' Cheese. ctU. ■'"—
heal, ctU..;... 7,9-7 Ki:cr doz lO.bHO
Washington... 42.210 Hides, no 625
Farley, o.i» 6,188 Pelts, bUls 157
Oats, ctls 1,010 Wine, gals 52,100
0gden.......... 40 >> Wool, bi5........ 872
Washington... 2,895 Sugar, bb15....... 3,848
Corn, oils 240 Leather, r0115.... 16
Ogden 600 Lumber. M feet. 50
Beans.. sks.. . 6,12:5 Q'.iicksUTer.flsiei '182
Potatoes, sks.... 10,3 isalstns. boxes.. 7.575
Onions, sks . 1,082 Tallow, ctts. .... ■ ■ 60
Bran. «ks 300 Paper, reams ••> 1,800
Middlings, sks... " 721 Chicory, tt>u.... \ 20
Hay. ions 712 Haxseed. ska.... 314
Straw, tons . 40 Hops. bi5......... 160
Butter, ctl* 157 i . ,"■•, "■• .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Mary Fr rry to James Tunstead and H.
Wilklns, lot on X line of Franklin streei, 68:9 8 of
Francisco, B 68:9 by X 124:3; «10.
Qiaaga and Ke.->s'e Bennwit to Louise Nlemann,
lot on N line of Fulton street, 150 £ of Lyou, £ 25
by N 137:6; «10.
Isabella aud James K. Frasier to James H. Ash
ley and W. K. I'inicbam, lot oa 9 line of Frederick
street, 30 E of Wtliarl. X 25 by 8 100; »10.
Robert F. and Kleanor C. Osborn to William H.
Crocker, lot on X line of Valencia street, 221 N of
Tweniy-flrst, H '24 by E 90; $10.
William Dogget to Uella I. Dogget, lot on SE
line of -Vati ma street, 200 NE of seventh, SE 25
by Sh 76; clv.
Adolpb suiro to Arthur Bercen, lot nn E line of
ocean rjoulevanl, 37:6 8 of 3 streei. s 25 by X 120,
lot 2, biock 7*l, outside lands: $UOO.
Andrew J. m tabonghto Margaret Hnttabou^h,
lot on SK line of « henery street, 75 .N X of MUuei,
NE 2i by Sfc 100, block 16, Fairmount Tract;
•10.
.'i. and Catherine A. McCann to Anna It Isllp
(wlie of Georre) lot on N line nf Gcrfleld (Sher
man) strr*t, U" of Ramsell (State). W 2J oy N
100. lot 3, block 33. City L»nd Association, »10.
AUUEDA COUSTY. " "
' Frederick D. aad Kllen (5. Butterfleld to L. F.
Cheesbrough, lot on Kil it of • Telegraph avenue.
90 »of Durant avenue. 8 40 by M 110, being por
tion of lot 1. bock 10, College Homestead Tract,
Berkeley: f975. ... • ..- v
• Beitraod L. and ■ Cora 1 Fisher to ' M eta Schmidt,
lots i and 3, Red Rose Tract, Brooklyn Towahlp.
W. n. Huff to Mila Schmidt, lot beginning In
the center of Sausil Creek at the NW comer <<f
2i^-«crc tract of .William Schmidt by deed of
April 11. I*Bl. thence HE 410.10 feet, sW 174 57.
•>» to ih» center. of s»u<a' Creek, thence up the
center of the creek 10 beginning, Brooklyn Town
ship, quitclaim deed; ICOO. •,' ' ■ . Hrx:
Jose fa N. Harris to K. 1 . Benedict, lot on s line
of Nea! street, 100 I. of Third. S 100 by E 25, be-
Ins a portion of plat 42. Raucho cl Voile de , San
Jose, town of Pieasanton. Murray Township; $10.
Jeanne K. O»ia is ;■> William S. and Louise C
Harlow, lot on SK corner of Telegraph and Pros
pect avenue^ 8 60 by E 125, being portion of prop
erty of Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland:
*o.V •. ... ' " i • :, J . . . -■ " ■- ■ 1 ;;--" " ,
T. Emeline Schroder to Christian . Ruedl, . lot on W
line Poplar street. 210 sW of Sixteenth. '. 3 49 by
\\ 1.0, being 101 23. block 584, Oakland: f5. >;.»■•*.
• Calvin D. F. and Rose E. Brougber to Euphfmie
K. Brougher, lots 89 and 40, block 1, new town of
Lynn, Kasi > oklanl: $10.
Knmel Ullken to Aaron Wlttlams (eiecotor of
the ps ute of Margaret Williams), lot on SE corner
of I»i ver street and Merceu avenue, X 125 by S
48, beln^ lot 6, block B, Brumnglm Tract, quit
calm deed, Oaklan I Townsiilp; ?iOJ.
< haries A. and Alice U Hailoy to Alice D. Ltn
fleld, lot on X line of Tenth street, 3i. 4.44 H of
» hHimine way, S3O by X 135. being he N 20 feet
of lot 29 an.i S 10 feet ot lot SO, block 138, cor
reced map, Avery Iract, Berkeley; $5
Mtiry .a. Townsend to Charles F. Townsend. lot
on >\v comer of Hose and California streets, W
100 by 140:7, being lois 1 and 2, block 2, Wii
iiam >chmidt tract, Berkeley; B ift»
Hame to same, lot 3, block 1, same, Berkeley:
11. C. Morris to H. P. McKeen. lot 16 and 17,
blo-.ic 28, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Chris Kfiser,
lot on NW corner of Allendnle avenue and Abbey
street, SW 00 by NW 50, being lots 7 and 8,
ulocit 11, AIK-ndale Trac, Brooklyn Township;
Charles and Eliza A. Cornberger lo Wesley J.
Covey, lot on NW line of Gordon avenue. 272.22
NX a.ong N line of san Leandro road, thence NX
50. .NW K0.42, SW 60, SK 110.43 to begiuning,
being lot 40. block A, Fanny Davenport Tract,
being a subdivision of loi 6, Yoakum Tract,
BrooKlyn Township: $310.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull yesterday at previous
prices.
North Gould & Curry Is assessed 10c.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a divi
dend of 75c on t;.e 12th.
Dividends in liquidation have been declared as
follows: First National Bank, San Bernardino, 10
percent; Columbia National Bank, Tacoma, 20
percent.
The Pacific Oas Improvement Com oany has de
clared a dividend of 50c per share, payable on the
10th.
The Pacific Lighting Company pays Its 35c divi
dend to-day.
The quarterly dividend of $1 per share by the
Central Gaslight Company this month has been
declared.
The Monteclto, Sterling and Gol»ta mining as
sessmenu are now delinquent In office.
On the Bond Exchange the feeling was firm and
tht-re was a good demand for securities owing to
the election 01 McKinley.
Amiensinenra I'endin*.
Compakt.
I . . DellDqt I
No. Ann. In the I Sals Day.
I " ' Board. I
yellow Jacket. 61
P0t051. ......::....... 46
Savage «0 ■
Mexican. 66
Jha.lenge. 22
lustice 8J
**«. Be Ic tier I*
silver King... 16
North GoalUJt Curry . .
V!s|.OCt I' 2 ..Nov 'M
SBl.Oct 2& .Nov 'ii,
201. Nov 2.Nov XI
20. N0v t- Dec 3
10 .Nov 14. Dec 8
l<r> .Nov 14 .Dec ■ 8
IC.Novl9.Dcj 11
i!B Nov -.1, .Jua 6
10. Dec 4...
BOAKI> SALES.
Followtnir were ihe s»ae» In the Saa Francisco
Stcck Board yesterday:
nrorr.Aß HOBXiNn hemiox'. rniruKKcrxn 9:30.
200 Ainu* 12 101) H<t« ...1.35J100 0ph1r...1.30
100 Belcner. . 62 -0J Mexlcan..47 SOJ 0vrmn....12
50CC<ftV..l.k0auO 48 100 Savage.. .6B
100 CrwnPt..4t 100 OccldtU..4o 100 V J»uii...6O
2000 AC 71^00 41
AJTkRNOON SIWBIOX— 2 :30.
100 Andes 25 200 C P0int. ... 4M00 Occld 43
iiOO Belcher ...6B -0J O A C 77i>OJ 0ph1r. ..1.36
UK) B &H 98100 HAN... 1.40 •_• JO P0t051....83
250 Choir. ...2.0&I10U llexcn.. . . 47|
Following were the biue* in the Faclflo Stock
£caru yesterday:
HKorr.A* »rtwiov-10:^T.
100 Alpha 121200 C Imp 02 260 00b1r...1.30
300 Alia 111200 OS 300 0vrmn....12
100 Ande5.... 25 200 C Polnu . .43 20 J Potosl 83
2UO 8e1ch*r...53 100 Kxchqr....O4 84
160 BAB- 98 200 U <fee 7e JOU Ravage b8
200 8u11i0n.... 18 40) HAN. ..1.40 SOO S Btll..!oi
100 Caleda 11 200 Justice.. ..o6 20 > » N«r 65
•^OO Cba11ge. .. 39 .200 Kentck...o& .-(00 Union ...64
l&J Choir-2.07^ JOO Mexican ..4P -OJ Uvah 12
400 CCV.... 1.80 150 uccidt 41 20J x"Jafl*»l..6l
60 Court 1.171 ; ,:>OJ 40
AITKKKOOS BK88ION— 2:30.
100 Alr.hu.. -...11 100 CCV.1.82%,400 0vrmn....12
100 Andes 203 C Potnt«..4« oSJ Potosl 84
200 Belcher... 6-J 200 U&C . ....7b 200 £avace,...69
100 B & 8.... 9^1100 1.421, 400 Scorpion. .0«
100 Bodle B-!2oa ..." l.«i, .'oobNev.....6tf
100 ...;........ 63 200 Mex....:..4fe30J Union... 55
2)d Bullion....Jf 100 Mono IS 2*o Utah 13
100 8u1wer...45 300 Occd :...-.. 41 20U V jcai_>.6l
-.00 v.iiOU2.o7Va >0) Ophlrl.32i^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNKSDAY. Nov. 4-2 p.
; JSlti.Alked. _?J<t.X «*«•«.
Atjinacon — 15 Jackson aft 40
Alt*. 10 IZJnlla ..... — 07
Andes. 25 I' 6 Justice... 05 06
helcher .;.:... 62 68 Kentnclc...... — ttf
Best A Belehee 97 99 Lady Wash.... — IS
BentonCon.... — i. Mexican .46 47
Bodie .;-.;..vi.". «2 . 04 Mono . 17 _
hnllion ........ 18 ,19 Nevada Queea. 03 04
Bulwer. .45 47 Occidental... . 41 43
Caledonia. ' — 14 Ophlr 1..<0 1.35
Chollar '2 OS 2.1" Overman. 12 la
LOD.Cal<fcVa...l.bO 1.85 i'oiosl. HA 83
Challenge Con. 40 4! ravage....:.... 70 ■ 72
Con. imperial. u:j L? scorpion — 06 18
Confidence 1.10 l."0 <eg. Celaner... 05 06
Con New Yor* — 04 Syndicate ...... 03 <* —
Crown Point... 44 46 silver Hill — OH ,
KastSlerraNer C 4 — sierra Nevada 68 C 9
J-.ureka Con ... 30 — Union Con _ 60
Kxcbeauer .... US ti Utah. ..:.....„ 11 12
Uoala<K Curry. 77 7*> Yellow jacKM. 60 53
liMitJi. JSorcn.l-40 1.(6 ' . '
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
... WEDNESDAY. Nov. 4 2pm.
CNITKn STATES BONDS.
£)*. AtJctu. •' • . : ". ■ .. Bid. • AikeA.
r8 4«eotiT>-i<9 - CSiiref... — 107%
l'OLtw HSUtll'J — '.
ICISCELLASKOtra BONDS.
cm-«ecw»sv 108 — rsfßnllHU — —
Cal Eleeli<ull7 — |Do2dls6v. — —
CnlraCWSi - fit/,] V* o Ry«». — Jls
DDnt-stex-co — t'. Vi P*CITRyB«. — . 107 Vi
EdsnL*Ptt*l2o IVtt pwl-st RRB^ — 113Vk
UCHKIWi - IC6 ' Reno, WlJdSti — 105
Geary-slß&v 97^101 >acto rA L. — 100 "
LosAn^Ltti. — 100 i^FANPRSi. 91* 10J
DoGnteedfli - 101 IBrßßArixl* — ' »6iA
alkt-stCbleaill9% — ' SPRRCaIoi. — 109
DoKyCona*.. 105 lOci/4 bPRRCaI — 100
NatVin6sl»t — 100 |gPBrRC*IB». 951^ 96%
NevCN R7*. 99 - 6VW»wr«i.llßXi —
NPCRRttiIOO - bVWater4«.. 98 99
NBy Cal Oj. 10J — SiktcUAEdi 99 101
NRyCal6*. — 90 SnnstT*TOs. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 Suuer-stKJ*. 109 HI
Lo2dU6s.. — 104 Vi*allaWC«« — ' —
UliiUlt<U4 m. H714 — - -;..•-■■
WATICR STOCKS.' •'
Contra Cost* 30 35 >>njoi«..', _. ■ • ;_; _l '■"'•',
MarmCu.... »y - . |Sirn< V*ui/ 67 (8
. , ,v-, ■' •' GAS STOCKS ..■ . :r-;^Al.
C»DUaL...... — f4 • iFaclflo LlaiM 4914 61%
Central...... ».% — I San VranosM 86 —
L'ft^i. i.jtrt m:' 4 S3. Siocjctou. . . . . ■-> aw
irmn Uaaliaji. 86 ■■tl' j■ ' - ■■-"■ '>'
INSURANCE STOCKS. -
Flreman'sF<ll62VbltsO • |^nn .-.. ■ — i : -> r . _
V>.' COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. '■■' -1.~*."
AmwIIATU — • — - London 115 —
A nclo-Ca1. . . . 64 — J London&i*. - 30
Bank of Cal.. 226 \ — Merch Kx... 12 —
Cai » !>&TColO7' ? 410S» .Nevada - —
i libiNu.iua.. — 181 ' jSaihvr BOA. — —
■ RAVINGS BANK STOCKS." .■ ■'
<serS*LO».li7s — ! bav&Loaa.. — . 103
Hnmbt»<£L.lloU —Security 250 —
Mutual. — 40: Union Trail. 770 —
t>*s»vUnlO't — 480 1I . - ;.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. '
California.... 106 Vj, — Oak SLAUa/ _ 100
Ueary-sb — £0 Presidio...-. • _
kiiu*el-*u... 43"-^ -  6utter-5t..... — —
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic n... — - (-JianiCon. 17Vi 19
Eastern D... 70 72* 2 JuJsoa i)..^ — —
Calltoruiik... 7<) — 'Vlgorlt. 60c 90*
MISCELLANEOUS : STOCKS. ' '
AU«vs r*crs. 95 97 Nat Vln . — ' _
RlkPC'oaiCo. — 10 Oceanic 18 ■ —
Cal Cot Mill 1 -'— — . Pac aux VA. — 4
Edison LUhtl23 124 PacßoraxUo. 9* 100
UaaConAsso. — — jPac Roll Mill — —
tier Lead Co. <SO 100 iParfPaintco —7
HawC&SCo. 18 — PacTr-nsCo. — —
notch S PCo 23% 24 Pac Til' Co. _ _
MtrkiAssn.iUJ Uo ' Sunset I 1I 1 A I". — —
»: iil»c U£tii 2Vs 4V; Uuitea O«J«i. — _
SALES— MORNINU SJCS3IOX.
fnard— :
25 Hutchlnson 8 P Co ... 22 75
25 do do  22 75
2V5 do do .. 23 00
25 do do .■..........: 23 25
25 do do _.... 23 60
20 Market-st Railway.-. 43 O.»
80 do d 0.... 44 00
160 do ■.;• d 0............ 44 25
5 8 F Uaslicbl '."..*:." »5 00
50 -= do d 0... ".'.'.".. i.;.. . 9600
80 SV Water.... .-. '.. »»7 00
20' do d 0...... ....;..; 87 25
5 Edison Lleht A Power C 0..... -320 60
15 do 'do ....■.«...•..'.....-..... lil 00
10 do do ;........;.;.........■... 122 50
Street— • • • •
10 SV Water.:................-.....;.... 66 25
15000 SV 4% Bonds ................. 87 OJ
BALn-irTißXdox saaticx. -
Poard— .".- ,- . :,.
25 Hawaiian Commercial 17 87Vi
25 Hutchlnson 8 PCo... .- - : 23 75
90 '■ do ;. d 0.. ..-.:... 23 87J^
100 Market-st Rai1way....."..;.;....;... ' 43 75
23 Pacific Gas 1mp... ... ..' *<6 00
75 sFUaslicbt ....; .*."..... 96 25
'SSV Water.................. j.7 50
$7000 s;v 4* Bond* :. ■*..■..:. ...... 98 50
$5000 Sutter-st Railway 80nd*...;...... 110 00
■ " Mt»l — .. ." . '. .
$5000 Market-st Ry Con 6* Bond* .. 100 00
lUO * F (Jaslight .......;.... ...:. 96 00
■'- '-.■ ! '^— — — •—•• — •> — • — ~— '
At Trieste three experienced divers are
just now engaged upon a : highly interest
ing task. In 1811 a terrible explosion took
place in the Harbor there, the 1 causes of
which have nerer been -explained. . Much
loss of life and property was caused, and
the Danae, ; a French . frigate,! was sunk.
The divers soon ascertained the position of
the hull; but all ; efforts to raise it have
beers in vain. The vessel | contains £120,000
in gold- and the valuable jewels of- a rich
prince 83. ,-. V-;; J; .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
grand hotel.
P Dantlson <fc «-, siuisun P 0 Mnyford. Chicago
X A Fuizei, Towlea X Barnor, London
J C llopp.'r, s-has:a H i. beibv, N A'
C T I'Kvenpor., Wash F Smith, Oa)
F X Buck, .<«u ±?afael T B flnird. SS Me Arthur
C Jackson, Onic J F<oie, Cal
T II Lewis. Vacavlile W J MciJee, A4anieda
W X Palmer, Oakland X D Hatch, Novato
M F Tarpey, AlarueJa W Palaclie, Uerkeey
T RirKard. Berkeley V L Lipman, Bnkeley
J B Jones, t-pokutie J C D«.n:ie I, lal
II S ((inverse. Oakland H M Lanilsberter. Ala
A M Cummings, Fruitvl F M Ayers. Stanford
Miss A Co trell. Eureka 1) r is>nberg<fcw, Chicago
D B Alien &w, >uisun N-\ Mather, Ueiroit,
Miss Koppetz, l.oi (latos I M B»co:i & w, Sn Jose
X M Murray. Ls Angeles J F Parks, Jackson
Mrs M H Porter. Chiczo Paul ane. Palisa le
R P. Thompson* w.Oklnd II E Skinner & w, S Jose
W Manning, San Jose .1 W Dryslale, Mad era
Dr tv.anihatk. >ta Brl ra Mrs Eddy, sta Barl »-»
Miss M -Neary, sin Cruz X Luscombe, Milwaukee
G S McKenzle, Napa X D Ham at w, .<»p»
R B Allen it w, Sia i:osa J T Lonsj, L s Angeles
J A Hender.-on. \v inters C W mutton & w, Sacto
Miss McMorry, S^acto A X Newton <fe w. KsCty
J W Hanzel!, Jacuson Mrs E Llnclsey, Ls Anals
J Stttt, I' mail J UMaggard, bpiinstie.d
W E Brown & w. str-ktn
LICK HOrsK.
C L Dlmon Ir <fe w, Colo J W Wilson,
L S Moffatt. A ll burn Mr* G G Brigs*, Cal
WD St Clnlr. Cnica^o E W Alleu, Chicago
C A Perry, P«lo Alco E J Mcore, Cal
Jo^ Gainer, Mlilbra- p W romp<iin, Cal
E T soule, tan Mateo E SitiKer, Sant« Kosa
H Todd. cal R C Terry, Clayton
E A liavlson. liellota P Valensln, Arizona
J S Howell, Merced Mrs M Les.er, N V
T C Klernlti. Merced i/t\=a C Lerser, N V
MarK Howell, Merced J R Suyder Aw, Cal
F J Cram, Cuicago J D Thompson, Cal
B V Sargent, Salinas Cty S X Moon. Gliroy
S Wormser. Klngsburg
XtW WESTERN HOTEL.
B T Tlltcn, London C Mars, Kentucky
J Rodman. Baltimore A B Jackson, Stockton
J Seymour, Chicago C II Graham, Chicago
A C Beuhler, St Marys J cumisky, St Marys
R Colham, New York s Baldaccl, Gilroy
O M Joseph, Cv'nterville H Thompson, U S N
J Bourke, t'ss PC Mayford. Chicago
J Dove. Chicago W T Ryan, Chicago
H Teater, V 8 N G W McKay, USN
J Brunt. Santa Rca PThroinan, San Mateo
J C Johnson, Boston R Culhaui, Gllroy
F M Manin, Antioch A h. Honey weli, Phlla
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL
D Cotter, Los Angeles X Cotter, Ashland
CCrabb, London J Meyer. London
J Brown, London R -M >shl, Santa Rosa
C Larseii, Pasadena J J Thompson, Pasadena
M Jl Kngland, Pasadena Mrs McDonald. -Newark
W Whitney, Newark H T King, Fresno
W J Kenny, Tracy Mrs G Loot, Bakersfleld
Mlns Donavan, Stockton M Connelly. Chicago
A Wood*, San Pablo T S McCann, b L Üblspo
A C Butler, Point Reyes J E Minturn. Sn 1. Obispo
J Lee, Willlow Creek X Harrison, San Jose
J Murphy & w, !»an *asa J C Levy, Los Angeles
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J F Fenton, Sacto L R Jackson, Auburn
L Montgomery, fan Jose J A lieckwith, Oakland
W C h ussell, DC J C Williams, D C
J Cockrune, San Rafael C D il viand, L Merced
X C Heard, Eureka W .loihm, Eureka
F Fitzgerald, San J036 C H Eason. Los Ang
W Kniffenberg, La Mrs T W Wells, J-onora
Miss Wells, >onora lira C Dv Buce, Canada
C Ii Poole, Boston J F Davis. Oakland
E F Staples. Shasta H G Stevens, Napa
J C Langton, s uitun
PALACE HOTEL.
W C Ralston. w.Oakland FR Eckert <fc wf. Chicago
J II Beaity, Phllada f O Moffltt, Oakland
C P Jenkins, Ft Wmn F M McFariaod.Ft Wlnn
M D Fuller, Boston J F Dennis, Reno
W P Larauiore, Cal G Ltppman, Phllada
L J Dake, Santa Cruz L A Crane. Laurel
M M Potter. Los Angeles Mrs L D Smith, Chicago
Mrs I)evan>'V. Chicago L D Jones, Oakland
A S Peele, Oakland
A Personal Platform.
Augusta Chronicle.
Here is an electioneering card which is
being circulated in Atlanta by a candidate
for Coroner :
"From 12 to 33 years in the wilderness
and but little heard from.
"I am not a Republican.
"I am not a Democrat.
"I am not a Populist.
"I am not & politician.
"Bat I am a follower of Christ, so I will
say I am a candidate for Coroner and will
jjive at least $100 to a new church in the
western portion of the city near my home
if elected. My friends, as ever yours.
"F. E. A. Curtis."
THE CALL CALENDAR.
November, 1896.
.11.
Mo. Tu. JW. Th.j^r. S^| MooD . PhMe
3 3 4 5 6 7 /B\ New Moon
. : xS/ Nov. 4.
9 10 11 12 13 14 Fln . Qnftrte
-T V*V tiov. 11.
16 17 18 19 !20 21 ■ „ „
• . • .- , *S!k Full Moon.
vS/ Nov. 20.
23 24 |25 j 2tt 27 28 —
I ,^L»BtQuartei
so .Nov. 27.
15
n
29
OCEAN STEAMERS.
I>atf>« of Departure From S*n Francisco.
■TEAMKR' | nKNriNATIOX. |
**tr,».
[ PIKR.
b»nt» Kona. San D1e«0...... 'Nov 5, Ham ! Pier II
Walla Walla | Vie £ Pet Una | Nor 6, 9am | Pier a
Pomona. Hnmboldtßa> .\ov 5, uru Pier 9
Arcat*...... i Coos .Bay Nov 6.10 am > Pier 13
Empire...:. Orecon ports. .' Nov 7. 3pm Pier Li
Coos Bay.. j Newport ! Nov 7. Cam i Pier II
State or Cal. ; Portland Nor- 9.lUam ! I'ler
Corona S.w Ir,«;o. .- Nov - 9. Ham IVrli
C010n........ ; Panama Nov 10. 12 m P M 3 S
>arailon ' nonius Bar. Nnv 10, 9am fieri
Mexico. VlcA PKtSnd XovlO, Sam Pier 9
Australia... I Honolulu . Nov 10.10 am Pier 7
Bonol „ Grays Harbor. i Nov 11, r.'w Pier '1
Kiireka Newport ! Nov 11. »am j IM»r U
Rio Janeiro. China* Japan: Nov 12, Ipm P M S S
A. Blanchrd | Oregon ports.. Nov 12. Jipm PicrlH
Monowal — ; Sydney...; Nov 12, 2pm Pier 7
C'olnmbla... ■ portlanil ... jNovl4H'am| n<--2i
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
~<TKAMKR
."■HUM
!
J'DK
Amarapoora.... Pu?et Sound
Del None. Orays H»roor.
Mackinaw 'laeoma
Mo de Janeiro.. China <fc Japan '..
Coos Bay Newport
A nsi r al ia Honoluin
£ mplrt. j Portland.
Slate of Cal Portland.
Colon Panama
Mez co _.. i Victoria A Pnget sound
Weeott Kei River
Arcata rortland
Corona. |**an Diego.
Alcatraz Yaqutna Bay.
Parallon Yaqolna Bay
Homer Coos Bay
Sunoi Grays Harbor
Newport Panama
Pomona Hnmbolds Bay.
Knreka. Newport.
Tracked JTlllamoolc Bay
Allceßlanchard j Portland
Crescent City... ; Crescent City ..."
North Foric Humboldt Bar
Columbia I Portland
City Puebla | Victoria <fe Puget Sound
fanta Kosa |Han Dieco
..Nov- 5
..Kov 5
..Nov 6
. . Not ft
..Novk.s
..Nor T *
..Nov 5
..Nov 6
..Nov 6
..Nov 6
..Nov 6
..Nov 6
..Nov 7
..Nov 7
..Nov 8
..Nov 8
. . Nov 8
..Nov 8
..Nov 8
..>OV 9
..Nov 9
..Nov 10
..Nov 10
. . Nov 11
.Nov 11
..Nov li
..Nov 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
T.s. Coast A?crt Okodstio BdbvktTidi'i
Bdt.lktin itbiishki. by Official V
ACTKOBITY OP THK SUPKKIXTR.VOKVT )
rnurs-a -. November 6.
Ron rises 6.41 ! Moon rises
Sun seta 506iMoon sets. '.'..." 5.524 M
November— 1 893.
gl^l^lT^l^fel^-ig^i^
S' 4.bu| z.b 10 i>Z<
IH W |L W
616 1 1.00 6.0 5.35
7 2.01 4.9 6.17
81 304 4.7 7.07!
9! 4.0b 4.8 8.07
10 6.05 4 9 ».2l
Uj 6.5*1 4.9|10.52
b.o ■ a-oO,— USJi . " i ~
- H.W . |L \vi "'■■
. 2.0 11.32 8.4 6.40 —1 1
3.2 1-2.15 6.3 7!52 _l!l
3.4 -1.00 6.0 8.24 -0.9
,3.7 1.51 6.7 9.17 -0.6
X-7 2.64 6.0 10.J.2 -0.1
8-5 4. 18 t.5|11.C6; 0.3
' NoTi-ln the aoove exposition of the ttd M th.
early morning tides ar*^ given \a th« ',« h.nl
tlmecolomn the third tide, and tne l«t or r^h!
hand column give, the last tide ?2f iL dJr %/ceo
sp^sg^ll'
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
I A branch of the United States Hv-drographlc
1 ™ a . , ocated In Merchant, 1 ExchincS la
1 maintains in Saa - Francisco for the benefit of
cx"cn erS wUhoat "sard to nationality aad free of
m raTl ** !or!l *™ cordially ■ Invited to Ylslt the
omc«. where complete seis of charts and sallln:
directions of the world are kept on hanl for com-
P»r.son and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regar-llnr lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to oc-an
commerce. » ,•: . : •■,-■■_■■
Thetlms ' ball on top o» the build on Tele
graph Hill 1* hoisted about ten minutes befo
noon, and Is dropped a: noon. 120 th meridian, by
teletraphl- signal receiTed each day trom the
I United States Naval Ob erva.ory a; Mare Island.
: A notice stating whether the time ball . was
«J^,?, P t^? n.n .w tlln^ or « lvln * th « error. If any. is
puhii.heJ the "* la ' day or the afternoon papers.
•nd by the morning papers the following day.
_ t : W. a. Huoiiks.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In charje.
The Time Ball.
;■■'_ Ebakch HTrißooßAPHicOrrrcK.tr. a. N. ■>
y..; Mkbckants' Excha»B« „ y?
_Paj.- Francisco. November 4. 180«. ■■ ) .
The time ball on TelejrapaHlU wa, P pel
exactly at noon 10-day— l. c.. at, noon ofthel2ota
aitiidiMU, or exactly at a r. it.. Greenwich time.
W. S, HUOHKS,
Linnlennrit t\ S. N. n ciiariP.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
WEDNKHDAY. November 4.
V S stmr Beningtou, Pigman, 3Vb days from
Port Ai-.geles.
Norstnir (luernsev. J'etierien, 23 days from
Kuchlnotzu; ba'.laa'. to E O hv.ins.
stmr I'omona, J)oran. 17 hours from Eurelfa;
puss and rodse. to Goortall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, 85 brs frm Tacoma;
3600 tons co:i!. to S P Co. Up river direst:
snip <>co s^oliield. Vursnuli. 30 <lavs trom Fort
Wrangle; 44,9'J0 c? 400 hf-bb!s salmon to Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Shin Yoseimte. Fullerton. 16 days from Tacoma:
IH2O tonscW. o R D Ciinndler
Schr Daisy Rowe. Oisen, 11 days from WIl-
Upa Haruor: 1,0 M v lumber, to Ileyman <&
M»yrr.
Schr Abbie, Hanson. 3n hours from Caspar; lurn
bea, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. November 4.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Good all, Perkins it Co.
Br ship Pythomene, McAuslaud, Queenstoarn;
Eppinger & Co.
Fallefl.
WEDNESDAY. November 4.
Strar Columbia. Con way, Astoria. .
Sinir North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Bark Oerruanla. Peanou, New What com.
Schr S Danlelson. Vogel. Siuslaw- Uiver.
Bctsr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing,
telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, Nov. 4.-10 p. u.~ Weaiae:
clear; wina NW; velocity 12 ratios.
Charter*.
The followln; wheat vessels load at Northern
points: Br ships Ben Lee and British General,
Portland for turjpe, 28s 91: BrbarK Kenyon,
Portland, 30s; Br bark Ni.hsaale, Portland. Br
ships DrumcHff and Falkland, Tacoma; Brsblp
Glenclova, Tacoma, 28s 9d.
The bark Orego.i loads wheat at this port for
Sydney or Adelaide, lump sum.
The Br strar Queen Olga loads wheat at this port
for St VlDCent, 2»s 9d.
The ship Cyrus >Vaketield loads mdse for New
York.
Domestic Ports.
ALBlON— Sailed Nov 4-Stmr Bcotla, for Ban
Francisco.
ORAYSHARBOR-Arrlved Nov4-Bchr Serena
Thayer. from San Pedro; schr Defender, from
Honolulu.
SAN DlEOO— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr National City.
IVERSENS LANDING—SaIIed Nov 4-Scur
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Alcatraz, hce
Oct 31: stmr Farallon, hence Nov 1.
Sailed .\ov 4 — ->imr Alice Blancbard, for Port
land: stmrs Alcatraz and Tlliamook, for San Fran
cisco : stmr Truckee, for Tlliamook.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 4— Brshlp Cabul, from
Victoria: Br bark Kenyou. from Port Chalmers.
Returned on account of bar being too rough—
Sinir Arcata.
Sailed Nov 4— S:ra- State of California, for San
Krnne sco; stmr Arcata, for ban Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 4— achr Corona, from
Port Blakeley. Oct 31— Br ship Dudhope, from
Yokohama; Nor stmr Tyr, from Vancouver.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 4— stmr Weeott. hnce
Nov li; schr Occidental, hence Oct 28.
SANTA BAhßaK A— Arrived Nov 4— Schr Hal
cyon, from Astoria.
BoWKNS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 3-Schr
Mnry Etta, hence Oct 29.
PjINI RE YES- Passed Nov 4— Stmr Mineola,
from Comox, for Port Los Angeles.
GREENWOOD- Arrived .Nov 4-Stmr Whltea
boro, hence Kov 3. •
Forelern Port*.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Nov 4— Baric Carrollton, for
San Franclscr>.
Sailed Oct 31— Br ship Grenada, for San Fran
cisco.
ACAPTJLCO— SaiIed Nov 3— Stmr Newport, for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 2 — Br stmr China,
hence Oct 8, Nov 3— Brstmr Empress of India,
from Vancouver.
LIMERIcK-Arrlved Nov 2— Br ship Australia,
from Oregon.
SYDNKY — Arrived Aug 31— Brstmr Warrimoo
from Vancouver.
LI VERPuOL— Sailed Nov 1-Brship Waterloo,
for Tacoma.
Importation*.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2 bxs fish, 1 pkg ber
ries, 69 bxs butter, 600 M shingles, 1 pkg boards,
1 chest tools 1 pkg boards, 1 pkg muse, 12 bxs
prunes. 1 pkg castings, 77 .M ft lumber, 2 sks coiu.
10 pkgs express, 1 cs hardware. 11 pcs burl.
E R aud X X X— 28 ozs 89 ht-bxs fish, 80 kegs
butter, 115 sks oat*. 30 sks wool.
C«n«l«"i"(n.
Per lomona— Brlgham, Hoppe A Co; A Paladinl:
C A Hooper 4 Co: Doone, Sweeney <t Co; Fulton
Iron Works; Goldberg, Bowen <fc Co; G Anderson;
lliKginsit Collins American Union Fish Co: IS
Merchant: Haas Bros: Wells, Fargo Jt Co: Scott A
Van Arsdale-. Stoli <fe Van Bergen; Lnbor Ex
change; J L Benn: Palmer <fe key; H Summer: I
Trapinl; Milaui & Co; Wells. Fargo & Co: A Kiiea;
A tte:lanti; B Calto; II summer; FBHalght: I
Trapinl: C X Whitney <ft Co: J H Newbauer A Co;
J B Inaujlla: Hills Bros: Norton, Teller <fc Co: R
M Nason <fc Co: Getz Bros <fc Co: Ross * Hewlett:
Hllmer, Bredhoff A Schulz; Russ, Sander 3 <SCr> ; j
P-osenberg: Wheaton, Brtondtuo: Christy A Wise;
Marshall, Teggart «fc Co ; O B Smith, <fc Co: Arctic
011 Vt orKs H lintnrd.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
Ti 1 " A "R1T 1 f»l8 First-class > Including
£ -rill-En »a Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Nov. 9, 19, 29, Dec. 9
Columbia..... Nov. 14, 24, Dec. 4, 14
Through tickets and through - baggage to all
Eastern points. j Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR; General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Superintendent
PACIFIC COAST_STEAffISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY /Wft.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: •^""f.tfrC
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Jnneau. Kll-
lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Nov. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wratcom (Bellineham Bay. Wash.). 9a. v.
Nov. 5, 10. 15. 20, 25. 30, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P R.
X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. Ky,, at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area: a and Fields Landing (Hum.
holdt Bar), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Nov. 1, 5.9, 13,
17. 21, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
* For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, San Pedro, East Sai
Pedro (Los Angeles') and Newport, at 9 a. it
Nov. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Oblspo), .-antn. Barbara, Port Los An-
feles, Redondo.(Los Angeles) and Newport 11
a.m. Nov.l, 6. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29, and every fourth,
. day thereafter.
For fcnsenada, San ■ Jose del Cabo. Mazailan, La
Paz and Ouaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month. .
Ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel 4
New Montgomery street. ,
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
; - ■ ' ' '
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /V days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, Lav HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND. [■ by
AUSTRALIA. \/s.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tuev
day, November 10, at 10 a. Special party rate*.
S. S. MONO WAI sails via, HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, Novem-
ber 12. at 2 p. x.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE. Aust-. and CAPETOWN
Booth Africa. -
J. ii. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery str->-s'.
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
COMPAG GENERAL TKA JSATLUTNp
: " rrench Line to Harr«.
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH *«•
River, foot of Morton st. 'l ravelen >r -«o^*S^?
this line avoid both transit by English rinwayaal
the discomfort of crossing the channel la a i.r.i*.:
boat. New York to Alexandria, Kjj ,-. v via I*,-.*
tirsi-cliiss $H5.»; aecond-claaa. *llti
LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 14. 5 ». x
LA'IX)URAINE Nov 81 .VftJi
LA OASUOOSB.-. ." Nov. -. S i\_
LA8RETAGNK............ : ,.,.Dm.\\<^
LA CHAMPAGNE IX*. It 5 jJic
JUT or jurthec particulars nnpi y »
A. FORGKT. Ac»nv
No. S. Bowling Green, New m »
J. P. TUOAZI A CO, Asenu. 6 Hon^ooisrr
avenue, San Francisco.
STOCKTOJ STEAMERS
aY S lo r, ?f°- 3 ' Washington St,
At Si 1 . M. .Daily. VreitKi received
$B-. Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
itsonb -lu.tr matins through r»ie* on Valla»
Road frtigr.u ~»»^r
STKAMEIIs:
T.C.Walker, j. x>. p»t««
Mary Gamut. City or stoc k tn»
-Telephone Main 805. Cau.-yfv?^?,^, 0^
yalli:jo mi U; S. imiiu.
SIIiAMER "MOXTICELLO."
P»"J r « • *10:30 a. »c. 4 and 9 :30 p. it '
Saturdays..... "10:30 a.m., ;p.«,
Sundays ........:...;..„ ......8 p. »i
Landing Mission-strce' Do-k, Pier 2. » i
Telephone Biack 261. - J
•Excursion trip, giving 6 -hours at Navy- Yard.-
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
S" 1 ;? in M^? « IIV i 80 LKAVR| PIKR 1 »AILT
c. » , AM - <? UI1(la >"' 1 exeepted>; A;visod«i:va;
££«£ Csatnrdays «cepted). Freight and Pas-
-5n» g .A J"*' 0 ** 1 '* 0 *" Sao Francisco and A!vi,o,
50c: to San: Jose. 75e. :, Clay ml. Pier l_ ->v w
banta Clara au. tan Joaa, X • - ' *■*»*•ALAMEDA WANTS
THAT BANNER
Proud of Her Big Majority
Which Leads the
State.
Arrangements Made for a Grani
Ratification Parade Satur
day.
ALL AEE INVITED TO JOIN.
, Many Lively Scenes in the Streets
Only One Humorous Election Bet
Recorded— Full Returns-
If California, when the official returns
• are in, gives a majority for William Mc-
Kinley, Alameda County will justly claim
the credit of throwing the State's vote into
the electoral college.
No matter what happens, the Eepubli-
can banner, which was. taken from this
. county to Los Angeles four years ago, will
have to be returned, and that without de
lay. Alameda County held that banner
for many years and regarded it as one of
the most precious of her possessions. She
was justly proud of it and its depar
ture from the southern county resembled
somewhat the funeral of a pioneer. Its
return will probably be celebrated with all
the'guafcing affection and demonstration
that might be expected of a loving couple
who, being once divorced, decide that they
cannot live apart and agree to a reunion.
The estimate o!' 50*30 majority predicted
in this moruine's Call was more modest
than the returns justify. When the of
ficial count is made this number will be
exceeded by 300 or 400. This is the largest
Republican majority that Alameda has
ever given, and certain it is that nowhere
else in the State has anything near this
amount been returned at this election.
At soon as it was known that the county
had returned to its former Republican
• love it was decided to lose no time to rat-
ify on the streets what had taken clace at
the polls. The National Republican
•League tnis afternoon, in conjunction with
the County Central Committee, decided to
hold a ratification and jollification to
morrow nipht, but this was later changed
to Saturday. \Villiara R. Davis, the presi
dent of the National Republican League
. of Alameda County, issued the following
• notice this afternoon:
National Republican League— attention ! j
Saturday evening every member is sum- i
• moned to be at headquarters, 1000 Broadway,
at 7:30 o'clock sharp. In co-operation with I
the Alliance, the Army and Navy League, the
Young Men's Republican League and the uni- !
formed ciubs of Alameda County we are going
to celebrete the triumph in the United States, j
. in California and in Alameda County of the
. principles of sound government, sound money 1
anu sound American sense. Bring enthusi
asm. The cause and tbe overwhelming vic
tory call for it.
Word has been given out that any one I
who Deueves in the policy of protection ,
as outlined by the voice of the people, will
be welcome in the parade. Although so
snort a time has elapsed since the result
of the great bat;le was known, there will
be rn'any surprises in Saturday's demon
stration. Sever. ii of .Bryan's most ardent
supporters who were on the streets to-day
acknowledged that the great principles of
the Chicago platform were impracticable
, and announced their intention of joining
the majority. While it is not likely that
. the defeated party will move to make it
unanimous, it will be much more unani
mous Saturday than any one would dare
have dreamed of two days ago.
,■ * All kinds of transparencies, turnouts,
clubs and individuals who wish to be in
line and add to (he general demonstra
tion of approval are invited to furnish j
t. eniseives wi.h torches, lish-horns, mv
' sical instruments, drums, artillery, mus
kets, revolwrs and anything and every
thing thai will make a noise, the purpose
being, if possible, to raise such a tumult
as can be heard clear across the bay, ai.d
which the food peopie of San Francisco
are requested to consider in the light of a
r epr mand for allowing the smaller county
to behave so much more nobly and pam
otically than the metropolis of the State.
The bureau for the collection of returns
■ organized by the newspapers of Oakland
■ and San Francisco did splendid work,
■ «hich was duly appreciated by the gen
eral public. Every hour a bulletin was
issued showing the fxact count on each
candidate from every precinct in the
county, and this was keut up till a com
plete count wa* recorded early enough to
day to appear in this mornings paper.
Alameda County was the only one in the
b.ate thai furnished complete returns for
f« y !i b . reakfas <- table, and although a
iew outlying precincts Bomewbat aittred
the exact figures, no candidate was affected
thereby.
The complete ticket of the county shows
the following results:
Presidential Electors.
McKinley Republican electors 13,378
Bryan Democratic electors 5,851
Bryan Peop c's party electors 2,495
Levering Prohibition party electors 100
Palmer National Dem. party electors. .. 91
Socialist Labor party electors 59
Johnson National party electors 35
Congressman.
Samuel G. Hilborn, R 12,402
W. B. Enelisn, P. P., D ' 8,122
John H. Eustice, S. L 255
W. Shaier, P 124
. . . Superior Judge.
W. E. Greene, R...... 10 757
S. P. Hall, R.. 1.;............';......... 10,042
T. F. (..tirrity, P. P.. D 9,457
K. M. Gibs.ll, P. P.,D 8,224
S.G. Nye. Pro 907
L. a Clark, Pr 0..... .'. 307
. •. . . .;•'.'.> Supervisors.
FIRST DISTRICT. "'
Thomas D. Wells, D. 11*0
Francis C. Jarvi!=, X 1103
FOURTH DISTRICT.
Charles Roeth, R 2419
D. C: Brown, Ind 1&58
M. L. Gray, P. and D 1087
W. H. Bone, Ind 119
A. G. Ross, S. L... 38
FIFTH DISTRICT.
J. Mitchell, R 1873
B. C. AHyn. V. and D 1082
W. B. Pelouze, Ind .:........'.. .1UG3
F. A. Campbell, lud • 743
L. N. H«ger, Ind 151
W. G. Reese, Ir.d 98
F. If. Lorenz, S. L.-. 59
L. W. Kennedy, Ind 33
Members of Assembly,
f.i- • FORTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
J. W. Clark, R.... .1582
C. C. Hamilton, P. and D 794
FORTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT. .."• ';-
J. A. Waymire, R 2508
Grefin Majors, P. and D 1673
L. Graf, S. L 05
FORTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
E. W. Laviu, B .............1241
M. J. O'Gara. P. P. and D....: 992 I
T. Pearson, Ind 219
F. F. Veirs, S. L : 70
FOIITY-MNTH DISTRICT.
O. F. Breiling. R .V....1927
Ed Mi-Guire, P. P. and D ..............1331
J. I. McCloskey, S. L.... \. 70
"i FIFTIETH DISTRICT.
Hart H. North. R... 1867
R. W. Merries, P. P. and D. 1159
Carl Fosberg, S. L (jo
FIFTY-FIRST DISTRICT. '
Howard E. Wri ht, R '............ 2745
A. F. Childs, P. P. and D 1224
J.Andrew, S. L..... 159
The Day After the Battle in Alameda County.
Staie Senator— Twenty-Seventh District.
F. & Ptratton, R 5003
H. C. MtPike, P. mid D 2188
J. W. Latiinor, S. L. 138
Juittice of th*> Peace.
CITY OF OAKLAND.
John Allen, R 5465
Fred V. Wood, In.-l 4500
J. E. McEiroy. P. «nd D 31)49
John W. Stetson, R 340!)
W. F. Aram, P. nnd D 1023
Wairen Heaton, Ind 570
BERKELEY.
C. R. Lord, R 1323
W. 11. H. Gentry, D. and P 919
S. A. Pen well, R 815
H. A. Reed, Ind .'"!...'. 31« i
H. Windrom, Ind 435
The election machinery of the county
worked to perfection and was conducted
with more dispatch and decorum tuan
was ever known before. The thoughtlul
and intelligent system of liavinj: he re
turns when sealed brought to t' c County
Clerk's office laid out by Cierk Jordan pre
vented any confusion, and was one of the
most romruer.dalue features of the elec
tion. The new great register, which has
been compiled in the County Clerk's office
wit out one dollar of expense to the
county, which job usually costs from
$25,000 to $30,000, was as near perfection
and freer from errors than even the clerk
daied to hope. The ballot clerk and offi
cers of election worked with dispatch, and
in no precinct was more than seven hours
consumed in the raunt, while in many
the work was done in less than half that
time.
'Dome very animated but sood-natured
scenes were witnessed on Broadway to
day. Judge Nusbaumer met John Aubrey
Jonea. Mr. Jones has been talking about
free silver for over two months and has
ma erially lessened the thickness of the
bitumen pavement on several street cor
ners. He has al«o been a most exhaustive
j atron of printer's ink and his corumnni-
Lations have been as long as his stock of
logic was short. Judge Nusbaumer al
ways was a goio. Republican and possesses
the happy faculty of saying what he
means in unadorned Anglo-S ixon. Con
sequently to-day when Mr. Jones intro
iuced into his" language a Latin prase,
which do one understood bat himself,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
Judge Nusbaumer fell back on his stock of
English and in leas than fifteen seconds
he had an audience that would willingly
have paid two bits to hear the same argu
ment advanced in a public hall. Mr.
Jones resented the Judge's remarks that
he (Jones) had been hired by the silver
party to orate on street corners.
"Then I was wrong," shouted Judge
Nusbaumer, "and I take it nil back. I
never meant to convey the impression
that any one ever made the mistake of
hiring you to influence public opinion.
When politicians spend money they want
something in return, "
Mr. Jones walked off, friends led Jndge
Nusbaumer away, and the seance ended.
It was but one of many, but none attracted
so much general attention.
Less of the usual nonsensical election
betting has been recorded this year than
ever before. The only one so far Heard of
is that made by S. W. Montgomery. He
bet Thomas Crow one wheelbarrow ride
from Seventh street to Fourteenth on
Washington that Brvan will cany this
State. Th 6 bet is >o be paid on Saturday
evenme next at 7:30 o'clock, and Mr. Crow
says he feels sure of getting the ri.ie.
The most disappointed people in this
county art those ladies who have worked
for womarn suffrage. Alameda County
certainly did treat the women very un
cavalierly. The vote against it was 12,601,
while only 7943 voters are anxious to see
their wives and sweethearts go with them
to the polls. Mrs. S. C. .Borland said to
day thai although the suffrage amend
ment had not carried in this campaign
it had the effect of showing the men
that one of, their arguments against
allowing women to vote has no founda
tion. The women, she states, have been
able to carry on the campaign with
out neglecting their tamihes and homes,
and have by so doing shown their ability
to take an intelligent part in deciding
matters that come before the electorate
without sacrificing any of those nobler
qualities which belong to woman alone.
The first amendment ralating to the
taxation of moneys* credits, bonds, etc.,
met with no encouracemenj, 12,569 oppos
ing it and only 3022 favoring it. The
amendment which would make it possi
b c to use machines for recording the bal
lot at an elecion was favored by 11,721 and
opposed by 4946.
The third amendment, limiting the lia
bility of stockholders was beaten by a
narrow majority, the figures being 7108 for
and 8976 against. The amendment relat
ing to corporations for municipal pur
poses was opposed by 94U1, while only
4843 favored it.
The fifth amendment relating to muni-
c'pal charters had 9457 supporters and
4722 opponents.
FOUR BLOWS OF FATE,
A Railroad Wreck, a Suicide, a
Train Robbery and a Dis
located Shoulder.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
yuß Broadway, November 4. f
Ms. M. E. Richardson, State president
of the W. A. P. A., and Mm. S. M. Martin
returne.l last week from Washington, D.
C, where they had been in attendance
upon the annual session of the Supreme
Council. On the way home they had a
vari -ty of experiences which they are not
likely to forget, but both escaped to ar
rive home.
The first thing to happen was the suicide
of a fellow- passenger in their car. This
caused considerable excitement, but was
buried in a greater mishap. The train
managed to collide with another and
piled the passengers all in a. heap. A few
injuries were soon cared for and all went
merrily along again.
Two days befo c reaching their home
the ladies were greatly excited, with toe
other passengers, when the train was held
up by masked men in Arizona. The news
paper accounts were published last week.
The party was fortunate enough to escape
molestation, and arrived home satisfied
with the trip.
Yesterday, while at work around the
house. Mrs. Richardson fell 'lownstairs
and broke her shoulder, besides other
wise bruising herself. She is confined to
her bed and is mournine the fate that
should carry her through such a trip a3
she has had without injury, to bring her
home and let her fall down a flight of
stairs She has many visitors and spends
her time relating ncr thrilling escapes.
AFTER THE VICTORY
OF PROTECTION
Thinking Men Convinced
That It Saved the
Nation.
What Representative Citizens
Say ol the Election of
McKinley.
BUSINESS WILL NOW KEVIV£.
Mils Are B ing Opned A'ready and
Confidence Has Returned in Many
Channels.
Jake Steppacber, the mysterious assist
ant secretary of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee, entered ibe headquarters
in the Palace Hotel smiling, and the by
standers were amazed.
For the sphinx of the State Committee
to allow that opaque mask, which on the
heads of other men is called a face, to be
tray anything which by the remotest pos
sibility might be construed into an ex
pression of emotion was nothing short of
miraculous.
The ice was thawing. An open sea ex
tended its arras to explorers of the noith
pole. Wherefore, a reporter, marveling
at the miracle, asked Mr. St^ppacher for
his opinion on the result of the election.
Then it was that the mask became rigid
and expressionless and tbe assistant secre
tary, falling limply in his chair, gasped
in horror.
"What!" he almost shrieked. "Ask
me to say anything! Ask me to give an
opinion!" Then he choked and gurgled,
and gazed speechlessly, with his lower
jaw dropped, at his reckless interrogator.
The sphinx was tnmself again, and no
man knew what his thoughts were, save
that those who watched him from ambush
saw that ho chuckled to himseii after the
style of Mark Hanna as he bent over his
desk.
Major McLauehlin wore a broad smile.
He bad worked like a stoker on the trial
trip of a fleet cruiser for more than four
months, and his work had crystallized
into victory in spite of all obstacles.
Every one who came in shook him by the
hand and congratulated him and his asso
ciates on the splendid work they had
done for Republicanism in this Slate.
Colonel D. M. Higgins, his faithful and
untiring coadjutor, beamed through his
glasses upon Judge Waymire and Judge
R. B. Carpenter. His heart was almost
too full for utterance, and he contented
himself by shaking hands wit i all the
happy Republicans in the room.
"I expected ihat we would do better in
San Francisco," said Theodore Re.chert,
"but the State has done very we.l, never
theless. This settles the Democratic party,
I think. It was its last struggle in the
last ditch."
Judije R. B. Carpenter remarked that he
was not all surprised at the outcome of the
election. The people of the United States
were not blanked fools all the time.
Judge J. P. R.ordan was elated, but he
was a littio prejbeupied as to a few thou
sand dollars that he expected to win on
McKinley carrying ttiis City and the State.
Hilarity prevailed at the room* of the
Republican County Committee at 850 Mar
ket street. Notwithstanding whatever re
verses they might have sustained on the
local ticket they were pleased to ob-erve
that the psirty wreckers, the Kelly-Ma
honey clique, were trailing along in the
mud away in the rear <>t the procession.
"Now there will be a revival of business
in hhipping circes," said Donald
Ross of Ross & Hewlett when talk
in: about the election yesterday.
"With McKinley and protection we
can now go ahead and do some
thing. This has been the busiest day w>>
have had in six months. Why, man, it is
only a few minutes ago since we «ot an
order for twenty-five kegs ol butter that
would never have come our way had
Bryan been elected.
"McKinley's election means the open
ing up of five lumber-mills and the haul
ing out of Oakland Creek of half a doeen
Ve.-sels that I know of. One of our best
known lumbermen told me to-day that he
and his confreres had just held a meeting
and decided to start operations at once.
They own two mills, one of which is idle
and one has been running half time, and
are the agents for three other mills, only
one o: which iias b.-en running, and that
one only half time. Now every one of
them is to be put on full time and one
schooner will be out of the creek to-mor
row to load provisions.
"While discussing the situation I made
the remark thiit the mills would require
provisioning. It was then the order lor
the butter was given; so you see that not
only the loggers and sawyers w.!l benefit,
but also the entire mercantile community.
I teil you business is on the mend and we
will bare few idle men this wintor."
"Our next President is already making
himself felt in bu-mess circles," said
Captain Grey, superintendent o. the Ship
owners' nnd Merchants' Towboai Com
pany. " IJie mills are being opened up,
and we iiwe a number of .rders to bring
vessels out of the creeit that have oeen
tied up for months. Ttie shipping indus
try is bound to improve, and the sooner
the better. We hove had a season of hard
times, now we will s>-e how tiie country
will pick up under McKinley aud pro
tection."
"McKinley can't get into office fast
enough to suit me," said Captain Hawley,
superintendent of the Spreckels TowDoat
Company. "It means a new lease of life
for the water front, and, God knows, ive
want it. Business has been going from
bad to worse until now Oakland Creek is
crowded with coasters that cannot make a
living. Now I hope to see them all hauled
out ot the mud and fixed up for business
once more. That would oiean employ
ment for hundreds of men. and conse
quently there will be less distress this win
ter than for j r ears past. McKinley's term
of office will be a good one for the work
ingmen."
Judge McKenna — The principles advo
cated by Bryan could not be accepted by
the American people without sacrificing
all that they have ever held t > be dear to
them. lam not at all surprised at the
result of the election. idai it been other
wise I should have been immeasurably
shocked at the deterioration of American
manhood. I made my last campaign on
the silver issue, aud though the sentiment
has prowii here I was always satisfied
that it would never be accepted by the
people at large— that is those wno con-
Mder such matters from a meritorious
btandooint. Now tbat the vexed question
is settled, for a time at least, I look for an
era of prosp-rity, the like of which the
country has not seen lor twenty years.
Edward W\ Williams, clerk of the Jus
tices' Court, said that he saw in the Mc-
Kinley landslide a sure sign of returning
prosperity to the United States.
"In the face of the uncertainty that has
prevailed fur some time past regarding
safety of investments." he said, "people
have feared to risk their money and mil
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
lions on millions are locked up awaiting
a favorable opportunity to pat It into
trpde. The people of thi9 country have
confidence in ihe Republican p.trty and
will be willing to unlocK their wealth now
that its victory is assured. "
Major McLaughiin was bqt>> pleased
and fatigued la?t night. During the past
few weeks he fought the hardest battle of
his life, rendered all the more difficult
perhaps becau-e the incentive of s-elfish
ambition was absent, he not being a can
didate for office or preferment.
Wnen the executive committee of
twenty-one of the State Central Commit
tee first took up the work .n this State the
task was absolutely hopelegs. The strong
People's party vote and the fusion of that
party with the Democrats composed a
most formidable force, an apparently im
pregnable line of battle, but Major Me-
Laughl n is a fighter and determined to
make the battle of his life, even though
he should die in the castle moat. He and
Colonel Higgins took charge of the attack,
and their friends wept when they saw
those two rash meu storming the heights.
"I must have bet n congratulated by a
thousand people to-day," "said the major
last night; "people of all conditions in
the social and financial world, from the
bootblack to the millionaire, they have
been shaking bauds with me and con
gratulating me on ihe splendid victory
achieved for Major McKinley in Cali
fornia.
"When we entered upon the campaign
it was a bopelesf case. Our party seemed
to be torn to pieces in this State; there
were factions in the State and factions In
this City. The two enemies of sound and
conservative government and of true
Americanism were united aeaiust as. We
plu:i ed into the very front of the con
test, and we fought a fight that has never
been equaled in the history of America.
"I took hold of this matter as a business
man and in a businesslike way. Forevery
dollar expended I tried to get ten. I de
voted my whole time to the cause, and
Colonel Higgins and Mr. Steppacher did
the same.
"I have had the hearty co-operation of
the business portion of the community in
this matter, and no man bus been of more
assistance to me than has John D. Spreck
els, and I will say that whenever 1 had oc
casion to ca.l upon him for advice or as
sistance it was never in vain. I want to
say of him also that he neverattempted to
dictate to the committee or to induce it to
further any local political schemes. I
have found him to be an honest, upright
man, a loyal and unselfish Republican
and a true patriot."
One of the men most thoroughly ac
quainted with the business of banking
and the commercial interests of this
county in general is B. A. Becker, the
president of the German Savings and
L< an Society, lv an interview yesterday
he said:
"Pt-ople were afraid that if they put
their money into savings banks under free
coinage— that is, if they put gold into the
bunks — they would buy up silver in
Mexico, China and other countries and
pay tneir deposits in silver. A3 silver
under free coinage would be equal to only
53 cents in the dollar they would get only
half their money back.
"We argued with them, and explained
that although free coinage would veal the
commercial interests of the country a
heavy blow, here in California savines
bangs depositors would be protected by
the specific contract laws Talking, how
ever, produced no definite result.
"The effect ol McKiuley's election has
been most beneficial already. Only one
day has passed, yet business is fast re
viving.
"It is my belief that we are now enter
ing on ah era of prosperity that will be
wonderful when contrasted with the con
dit.ons under which we have labored for
the last four years. It is all due to the
election of McKinley."
"My voice has been for McKinley and
protection first, last and alt the time,"
said Harbor Commissioner Da T. Cole.
"I cannot imagine any greater calamity
lefalling this country than the election
of Mr. Bryan. Now we may expect a
measurable amount of prosperity right
away. One thing is certain, a revival in
business circles has begun and arrange
ments have been made to start up a num
ber of industries at once."
Andrea Sbarboro was quite enthusiastic
over me election of McKinley. H« said:
"The fourteenth ann .al meeting of trie
San Francisco Mutual Building and Loan
Association was held yesterday. The
board of directors made an address to the
shareholders in which they state that the
election of McKinley will have a bene
ficial effect on buiiding and loan associa
tions by giving steady employment to
wage-earners and thus enabling them to
pay tl:eir dues promptly and acquire
homes for their families.
"I think that the workingmen have
demonstrated their ability to help govern
the Republic. While it might be thought
that the masses of laboring people mieht
tend to social anarchy, on the contrary it
shows their conservatism, their hijrh in
telligence and their remarkable ability
for self government."
The common talk in financial circles
yesterday was that the sum of $4u,000 or
thereabouts lutd been withdrawn during
the day from the California Safety De
posit, to be invested at once. It was ail
caused, according to report, by the eiec
tion of McKinley and the increased con
fidence resulting therelrom in the finan
cial world.
J. Dalzcll Brown, secretary and treis
uier o! the Safety Deposit Company veri
fied the report in a large degree.
"Wi-.ile we have no method of ascertain
ing the amount withdrawn by our pa
trons" he suid, "the rujih. of business to
day has almost no precedent.
"My belief is that large sums are being
withdrawn owing wholly to the fact that
depositors are not now afraid to maKe iu
ve«tments.
"Many business men who have had
thefr money withdrawn from the banks
for some time in conversation witti me to
day stated that they would place their
muney in the banks aL'ain. It is all dae
to the election of McKinley."
Chief Crowley said that McKinley's elec
tion meiint open mills and not open
mint?. It would give such an impetus to
business that the country would soon feel
the beneficial results and labor and capital
would enjoy the. fruits of prosperity.
"I felt confident," said the Cfiief, "that
the intelligence of the voters throughout
the country would not carry them away
from the real issue at sttike and that pro
tection would triumph."
"McKinley's election," said Captain
Wittman, "will be one of the best things
that ever happened tdis country. I fore
saw that he would make a clean sweep
after my recent visit to the East, where I
saw ail the great factories end gigantic
industries paralyzed by frie trade. |
"Protection to our industries means
prosperity; it means renewed confidence;
it means that money will be easier, aud
that capitalists will be ready and willing
to invest it. It is my opinion that we will
so jii see a boom in the country that has
Tiever been witnessed before."
Captain Lees was greatly pleased at the
result of Uie Presidential election. "I
never had any doubt," said the captain,
"that McKinley wwnld be elected, and I
am surprised that his vote has been so
small in this City. My lowest estimate
was that his majority would be 5000. The
result has been a disappointment to me.
"McKinley's election will be of the
greatest b nefit to the country in every
way; of that I feel assured."
Skull Excavated.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 4.— F. Lynde
unearthed a human skull while excavat
ing on his premises at 116:J Fifth str. et,
and notified the Corouer. who took
charge of it and will bury it at Mountain
View Cemetery without any investigation,
as no light could be thrown on the matter.
It has the appearance of being in the
ground many years.
Colored K.'jmbl Iran*.
OAKLAND, Cal , Nov. 4— A meeting
of the Colored Republican McKinley Club
will be held at Green's barber-shop on
Sixth street, between Broadway and
Washington, Friday evening, November
6, at 8 o'clock sharp, to arrange lor Satur
day night's ratification.
Auction Salee
COOK & CO. /
123 Kearny Street.
GORGEOUS CHINA WARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
AUOTION.
The Greatest Auction Sale ' in History,
Dally at 2 o'clock p. m.
:, . : P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer. :
J. I. MUTBER.: AUCTIOSEERi
OFFICE-638 BIAKKET ST. j
-^ , WIIiL SELL, THIS DAY,
Thnrgtlav..........\..V..N6veinber 5,' 1898»
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. x.,
Corner Howard and • Fifteenth Streets,
The Stock and Fixtures of a Fine Grocer}' and >!*•
loon. Including -' J'ine Seal -a, Coffee-Mill, count-
ers, Showcases, etc.. Wines, Liquors, Tobacco, etc.
'1 he Grocery stock is entirety new 1 and tresn. > All
must be so.d without reserve. This place will bo
offered as a whole or In lots to suit purchasers.
FRIDAY I will sell the Ver/ Elegant Oak Fur-
niture of a"-Koom Flat on .Mistion s ■ near iSlst.'
. 3. CMDTHEK, Auctioneer.
THE BASCH AUCTION COMPANY. Inc. !
•V > 319-331 SUITEB STBKKT, : j- ;|
Bet. Grant avenue and Stockton street, -
Telepnoae .rant 87. i : ';■■ \ :,.'
I WIIX SELL. THIS DAT, ;
Thursday.... November 5, 1896,
A 30:30 a. M , at Above Salesroom,
A Complete Line of Household Furni-
ture, Stoves, Ranges, Etc.
Terms caan. ■ ■ ' : *». B v<t'H. >. neilon" t. •
MONEY BEING INVESTED,
Orders Placed for a Complete
Newspaper P.ant Yes
terday.
Alfred Durney's Narrow Escape From
Being Crushed Under a
Train.
ALA.MEDA, Cal., Nov. 4.— An order
was placed to-day tor a Mergenthaler lino
type machine, perfecting cylinder press
with folder capable of printing, cutting
and folding smoo papers per nour and a
stereotyping outfit by the management of
the new evening paper that is o enter tne
field of journalism in this city soon.
The management expects to make pub
lic the names of tne staff t >c first of next
week. The new paper will start wxth the
best equipped office of any paper of its
size in the State. There will also be a
weekly etiitiou, which will cover the im
portant transactions of the entire counts
for the benefit of its readers, it will also
be the publishing office of two or more
monthly papers with a paid subscription
list of 25,000 copies.
A Narrow Escape.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 4.— Alfred Dur
ney of 21i43 San Antonio avenue narrowly
escaped having his lower limbs crushed
at Park-street sat.on to-day.
He attempted to board the broad-gauge
train as it was starting to the city, but his
feet slipped and went under the car. He
managed to hold on to the railing with
one hand, however, and a passenger
lifted him upon the platform by the coat
collar. The youn£ man was badly fright
ened, but was not hurt
Thrown on His Head.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Nov. 4.— Hugh Gal
lagher of fcmilty's undertaking establish
ment was thrown from a wagon this after
noon on Park street, and was seriously
injured about the head and shouider. He
was driving: up to the office, and attempted
to cross the electric car tracKs with tne
horse on a trot. The rear wneels caught
in the tracks and swung around, pitching
him headlong.
Alameda Notes.
A meeting of the Alameda Republicans
was held to-night, toarranee for a ratinca- I
tion>an<i jollification demonstration to be !
held on Saturday night.
The Episcopal church vestry is casting j
about for a successor to Mr. Lane, who |
resigned two months ago. The Rev. O. J. i
Scovell of Darlington, Wis., has been in- j
viied to officiate next Sunday at the ser- |
vices.
In the Fifth Precinct one ballot was '<■
found with a single X upon it. That was
after the affirmative vote on the sixtu
amendment.
Out of a total registration of 3303 votes, 1
2795 votes were cast at the polls of this I
city Tuesday.
Health Officer McLean only has nine j
deaths to report for the month ending
October 31.
•—• — • — •
RUSSELL-JOSSELYNN
.1
A Quiet Wedding at the Residence of
Miss Rassell in Oak
land.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 4.— A quiet but
pretty wedding took place this evening
at the residence of Mi*s S. J. Russell, on
Eleventh street, the contracting parties
being Samuel H. Russell of Watsonville
and iliss Caroline Josselynn of Monterey.
The ceremony which united the harpy
couple was performed by Rev. Edward C.
D-ivis. pastor of the Christian church, in
the presence of only a few of the most in
timate friends and relatives of the con
tracting parties.
Tim exclusiveness of the wedding was
occasioned by a recent death in the
groom's family.
Miss Russell, sister of the groom, acted
as bridesmaid, and Will C. Russell, a
brother, acted as best man.
The bride is the oniy daughter of Cap
tain Josselynn, a wealthy pioneer of
Monterey, while the groom is the oldest
member of the Rus>ell family, and is
prominently connected with the Watson
ville Electric Lighting Company.
After a dainty weddin sapper .the
newly wedded pair- left for San Francisco.
After their honeymoon, which will be
spent in tne northern part of the State,
they will take up their residence at Wat
sonville.
library Statistics.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 4.— The Oakland
Free Library is extensively used by both
the wealthy and working class as well as
by the public school and university stu
dents. There have been 27,020 book
used in the reference departmtnt, and
158.196 for home use. The iight litera
ture is mostly in demand by the wealthy
people, while the higher grade and
scientific works are used by the other?.
i/^V DrJ^ibbbn's DispeiKaiy,
/raSWS*®*^^^?^? 31 ' T ST - Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
{ Ji :?^ EABNY * T - Established
,111 l»s4lortheTrej»mentoi Private
1 -JUjr^T** DiseusHs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
| 2'> s ? a ! i p . wearing "'• bodyand mind and
*CJ% ''VvrY?*^ •^Kin Diseases. Thodoctorcureswhen
•2^rsjf*«?d otnersfail. Try him. Charges low.
'^ i ' ? * ta 'ii > .''u "'"irnnnntrrd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. r. uIBBOX.Box 1957. 5au Francisco.
* RAILROAD TRAVEL. '„ '
' ; Train* . connect ; with ; North Pacific
• o:i«t Kailroad. ,;.,..■_ -, ,
\VEKIC:t)AYii-;U.ave aF. 9:1 •> a. I:4 V'r! M.
C i- w^f tn . rnln<f ~ Arrlr " s. *'• 3 « 25 rM. 6 :2 0 P. H.
Leave S.F. Bam 11:30 a.M. I :3uri£
Keturnin-— Arrive S.F. 1:15 km 4:20 p.m. 7:35 r H.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or • - -
mit,,!" 0 *- COUK & 4-OXS, 6JI Market St., S. P.
Mill Valley and Aleut T«m*ipp.!e fcweulc u»inw.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£* fe> AT fe fe
EIPORIUn D RSE MARKET, 220 VALES ST.
Friday, November 6, 1896, "p. -X
At 11 o'clock a. it., we will sell
60 Head of Choice Vonn? Country Horses
From 4 to 7 Years Old,- weighing
from 1003 to 1200 pounds.
These Ho ses are all broken to harness. Also
some good saddle Horses a :d some very cheap
Horses. Sale positive. No Ke-erve. No Limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,,
Live • to k Auctioneers.
' HAILHOA.P TRAVEIV2
M>ITHIH\ PACIFIC COMPANY,
(pacific hystem.) , : .'~
Train* Ipuk- ami >»■•« <!■■« to nrrlYC tit
MAN llt.l.\('lS(<>.
leave — From October 26. 1896. — ariut*
•«:00a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a,
7:OOa Atlaiitio Express, (>e<leii ami i:ast.. 8145*
CjOOa Benicia, VacaTiUe, Rumscy. Sacra-
» . mento. OroTillo - and Redding via •••'',
■ Davis;.'. ..,....;....:.v.: 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
• - Calistoga and Santa Rosa .... 6:15p
8:30 a Jsilr.s, Sau .lose, (Stockton, lone,
■ Sacrauteuto, MaryivlUe and lied
lilult 4:ll»p
•8: SO a Peters and Milton *7:13?
9>UOa New Orleans Kxiiress, Raymond (for
Yosemitu), 1' resno, BakersiSuld.
... "t, Santa iJjirliara, J.os Angeles, Dem-
ing, £1 I'aso, New Orleans and
East > 4:43p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton. 4 :43p
9:©oa Vallejo :...... .'.... ......'.... 6:15p
Niles, • Sim . Jose, Livermore and
Stockton ■ 7:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers........; • *0:00p
tl:3op Port Co»U and Way Stations t7:l3i»
4:00r Martinez, Han Ramon. Vallejo.
' Napa, Oalistoga, El Verauo and
Bmitu Rosa 9: 1 3 a
4:00p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland, I
Knigr > landing, MaryaTille, Oro-
villa and Sacramento j. ...... 11:13 a
4:30i- Niles, San Jose and Livermoro.... 8:45 a
4:SOpLos Angelrs Express, Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Us
Anii«k-5 10:45 a
4i3op Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Kxprest
for Mojave aud Kast , 10:45 a
8:OOp Kuropeau Mail, Ogdon an! 8ut.... 9:4.1*
«:«»!■ Haywanli.. Nilusaud Wan Jose 7ilsa
}7:OOi- Vallejo t7:43p
7:00 1- Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
■ villo. Holding, Portland, l'nget
Bunnd ami Hast « 1. 1 5 a
SANTA <!lUIZ lUVI>ION (Narrow «ianso>.
8iI»a Newark, tervil!o,.San. lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations B:5Op
*2:13p Newark,' Centcrville, San Jose. New .
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, .
Santa Cruz . and Principal Way
Stations.. •! I :BOa
4:1 Si- Newark, Kirn .lone and l.c* (,'atos.... 9:30 a
fllt43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations }7:20p
COAST I)! VISION (Iliinl & lowiis»ihl Sis.)
6:43 a .San .lose ami Way Stations (New "
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l:30p
.. S:l3a Siiu Jose, Trea I'iniis, Suuta Onus,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rubles, San
- . Luis Obispo, Gnadalupe, Surf and '
Principal Way Stations 7:03p
. IO:4Oa San .lose and Way .Stations 3:03p
. 11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30!
*2:3« - San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Joss,' - ": W
'*■ ".v ' Gilroy,' Tres Pinos, cianta Cruz, •
-t Salinas, Monterey and *lO>4Oa
,- a B:HOpSan Jose and Way Stations 9:50 a
•4:30i-San Jose and Way Stations *8:10 a
5:30p San.lose ami Principal Way Stations •8:30 a
. 0: ISO i- San Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
tl 1:4.1 1' flan .lose mil Way Stations .;. ; n:4Bi-
' SAX-LKAMUKO-AM) lIAVUAUD.S LODAli.'.
- »»«M»Oa'l . ,--. ... -■ ■ I ~ ~7~. 7:1 »A
8:OOa :-;.-- ; .;\ .(9:43a
,Hoa Seminary Park, \^t
'"loSp Fitchbur(r,SaiiLeandro «;«J
3:00p I • and 4:43
4:OOP f " uu " 5:43p
3:OOr Hayrrards. 6:15p
5:30p Utywarai. 7:43p
7:OOp , . 8:4-1 p
9:00p » Runs through to Nfles. ]O:5Op
ttll:lspj « From Niles. (. t»12:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAX FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (SUp 8) —
•7:15 9:00 ll:00*.M. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:0O
•4:00 tB:OO •6:00 p.M.
from OAILASD— Foot of Broadw»j.— *G:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 t2:00 . *3:00 . tl:00
*s:ooi'.M. , ; . •■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'Sundays excepted.. ' ■. \ Saturdays only.
. X Sundays only,
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SAN FRMCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. if.-. 12:3 V
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
lit 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Kitra trips at l:sj
'■', and 11:30 p. if. " - •
BDNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00, 6:20 P. M. . > t ; .
San Kafael to Sun Franrlieo.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. iri
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. H. Saturdays-Extra trial
at 1:55 p. It and 6:35 p. it : .
BUNDAYS— B:iU,,9:4O, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:13 L
5:00, 6:25 P. U. . .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
. schedule as above.
.Leave Tnpffort Arrive
Ban Francisco. oct? 14. San Franclsca
j Wkkk I Sun- negation Sr *' ["«■««""
, Dayh. I days, destination. , DAYa _ , | p AYa .
7:30 am 8:00 am' Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ah
| 8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ah
6:10 pm i 5:00 pm .Simla Rosa. 7:35 pm; 6 :'22 pm
Fulton,
?:30 AH Windsor, ' 10:25 AM
Healdsburg,
• ' ' I.ytton,
• Geyser vllle,
j 8:30 pm 8:90 AM Cloverdale. 7:?5 pm 6:22 pm
I .-:.-.«. Pieta, j
Hqpland ■£
T :3oam 8:00 am .Ukiah. 7:35 6:28
7 AM - 10:25 am
, - 8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:35 pm
3:30 "' ! 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Sonoma- 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
; . 6:10 pmi s:oo pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm '6:22 pm
7:30 AMIB.OO a m SebastODoL 10:40 am|lo:2 •am
8:30 ; 6:l>0 pm| &eDa atopoL [ 6:10 pm! 6:22
; stacks connect, at Santa Rosa for Marie Wen
Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska^ics Springs: at
.. Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hltrtiland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport-and Hart Spring); as
Ukiah for Vichy springs. Saratoga Springs, Blin
Lakes, LRurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
For: Brace, Westport, .Usa!, \VUl«ts, Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. )
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates. " , •.-■•- : •■ - ... ■ .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*>
yoi. ■! San Rafael at half races. . ' . . *
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle hniMlnj.
~H.C.WHITINO.i B. X. RYAN,
c - : ii«n, Manasec . . Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
RAILROAD |li"§s3=Miil*i
Trains leave unJ arrlva i BK^^^^^^H
llarket-Street Ferr/. ' telf^^^^^
SANTA FEIXPiIESS. WM&
To Chicago via A. & l V|£gJ2«\P^
Diroct JLino ■ ittV<3P^^TST3
Leaves da ly at 4: 30 p. M-.carrv;... v. ...*u .ai .c»
Drawing-room and Modern Upno.sifml Tonrljs
SleepiiiK-cars. which run dally throu co Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex car* tor Denver and ■ St.
Louis. .-.-•:. ;. . . .-., .. .-
Boston K.ToarMons, v.a Kansas City, Chlcaeot
Montreal and the White .Mountains leave every
Wednesday. : ever *
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: nodust: In'erestlng scenery
and good meals in Harvey* dining-rooms. ■ ,
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
' St., Chronicle iulldiug. Telei>hnneM«ln
. 1631. Oakland. 11 IS if road way. -
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferry,.
from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 183 i
... .. ... - . , . WEEKDAYS. • - — . - 1. .
for Mill Vail er and &an -Kafael— *7:2s; •9:13.
11:u0a. m. "1:45, 3:45, »5:i5. 6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for 8.1:1 Kafael on Mondays, : Wedne»
days and Saturdays a: 11:30 p. M. ■
'.'j SUNDAYS. ,
Tor Mill Valley and f-nn Rafael— *B:oo, 1 »10:0«
•11:30 >. m. ; •l : ;-.O. 3:00, *4:iO, 6:15*. M. -
Trains marked " run to San Quentln.
:'.': ",-. THROUGH. TitALNS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:25 a, m.
Weekdays, 8; ,00 a. it. -Sundays, 1:45 p. m. batur-
; days. ■>•:•■ ■■. ■ ■"' .•■■. ■• .•■:•'■■.'
i- Or Candpro and war station*— 7 a, M, w«eJ»
! *»i'»i }H9r, MrSftturt»7Ji_ ; ■ \__
1112
RACES ATTRACTED
THE FAIR SEX
Thousands of Ladies View
Some Great Sport
at Ingleside.
Favorites Were Toppled Over
and Tips Were in High
Demand.
SPEEDY WHEEL OF FOETUNE
Tcok the Handicap in Fast Tims.
Hermanita First at Oids of 15
to I— J 0 C in Form Again.
The fair sex did not forzet that yester
day was "Ladies' day" at Ingleside track.
Elderly and sedate matrons, fair young
Misses and mothers with their children to
the extent of 3000 took advantage of the
free gate and beautiful weather, filling the
big grand stand until the Royal Hawaiian
band almost imagined it was lost in a
mystic maze; or, more strictly speaking,
a maze of California's beautiful women.
And the Islanders furnished a musical
programme that delighted all.
The male population, apparently fully
satisfied as to the result of the election,
also turned out in large numbers, until it
almost seemed a holiday crowd. Nor was
the clubhouse deserted, for a number of
ladies and their escorts viewed the finishes
from its balconies.
Tbe racing card was one of the best yet j
furnished at the meeting. Six events j
were run off, of which number favorites |
captured but two, so th? picking was quite i
spicy and interesting. Eddie Jones was ,
at the top of the jockey heap again, scor- j
me winning brackets twice. No big plung- j
ing was done in the betting ring, but |
everybody seemed to want to put a bet j
down, and the p!uy suited the eleven j
layers of odds unanimously.
The first turn-over happened in tho
opening race of the day, a selling affair for
two-year-olds at five furlongs. George j
Rose's Geyser, who was practically un
beatable at the recent State Fair meet at
Sajcramento, was well backed to turn the
trick at odds of 1 to 5. Afflicted with
much more speed, the second choice, j
Scotch Rose, always had the footing over
him and won easily by three parts of a
length. Philip H was third, behind the
favorite.
Somewhat reduced financially the crowd
sought to recoup on Bueno in the ext
event, a seven-furlong run with a field of
nine starting. Opening in the betting at
pvens the black horse was backed down to
7to 10. Jumbled about soon after the I
start he cut a very sorry figure in the run- I
ning, tumbling into last position and about j
holding his own to the wire. The 40 to 1 i
shot Walter J, with 113 up, led the field
until well into the stretch, when he be»:an
tiring and lell back. Benamela and
Encino then looked like the contending j
horses when Heimanita. a 15 to 1 out
sider, came like a rocket and beat Bena
mela out a neck quite handily.
Encino, who ran a surprisingly good
race, was n close third.
Wheel of Fortune, the handsome (laugh- I
ter of Gano, was in good form yesterday i
and no mistake. The bandicapper, v a
spirit of liberality, tossed her into the
mile and seventy-yard handicap at I(X>
pounds and said, "'Let her go, Gallagher." i
Going to the post 7 to 10, she jollied~along I
behind Nebuchadnezzar, mo had 104 1
pounds up, until the paddock was almost j
reached, when she left nim and passed the
judges, eased up, in 1:45! >. Wawona,
Marcel and Coda, behind "Nebby," fol
lowed later.
Hard luck befell Midlo, the even-money
choice in the six-furlong sprint that fol- j
lowed. Jostled about as the barrier went j
up, he lost tnree or four lengths and fin
ished third. The 14 to 5 second choice
Caliente made ali the running, finishing
nearly ali out, three parts of a length be
fore Ostler Joe, who was coming fast. Al- j
varado would not line up and was left.
There were but five starters in the mile I
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB.
CIXTH DAY, Wednesday. November 4. Winter meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track
good.
45 tIRST BACE — Fl ve furlongs; seUlng; two-yeai-olcs; condition!; purse «400.
11 1 - ■ • 1 , ; : = — :
Index. Horse, weight. St. 14 : \^V*_ 3 /i Str. Fin. ] Jockey. jop. 6"'"?-'!.6 "'"?-'!.
19 Scotch K05e...... 105 a 13, 14 12. 11~ DuftT- ■ I o"" 7 ";!
•-39- PhilipH gig 6pi3h3h.31 32 ■E. Jones Bf 10
....„!. J'rKderlo 107 .S •,::.::■::: 7h 62 41 4h Nichollt , ". '.' 20 SO
iio«eile 103 5 414 42 6 162 H Wllmin sii iui
23 Inflammator 10« 8 9 * 72 6 «4 J Gardner .V^. 10 21.
3.9 Popinjay- 106 4 j6l 82 7 73 Golden ..!f::."" 100 150
..... Horatio 110 1........ 61. 65 8 K4 Snider. 10 ]"
29 jCogen... 1"6 9 |84 9 9 9 .McHuVli'..:.'::" 2J hO
Ti tart ' W0 " baudlly - Wlnatr - A - J - stemter's b. t, by imp. Midlo. Ulan- imp. tcocch~Firl
46 6>t(JO - Nl> K ACK-Seveu furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upwarJ; penalties: parse *10u7
Horse, age, weight. I St. Vi j V. | 84 ! Str- ! Fin. I . Jockey. ' I 0"""I 0 """" 1 ?!.
28 Hermanita. 4....109 4 6VaI 6V, 5V 2 4 2 In & Martin....... ~8 ~Ts
........ Benamela, 3 110 3 2h Hh 42 a i/i ! 2 h A. Martin 6 • «
30 EnciDO, 3. 110 5 fsfc 4 a 3" 3V* 3» Narva" z" 40 60
(30) Lucille. 3 107 2 Sh I6h «3 61 42 Pig ? ott ;*&■ 7
38 ! Salisbury 11,3.. 05 6' 42 23 11 Il£ |U iffii::;::: $ i
-' ':?* leil }*,° 107| 71 IV 73 83 62 64 . shepard....,:::: 30 50
Walter J, 3 113] 111 1 U 2 1 7 7X4 Golden j 15 4,1
8 Char1e»A,6......107 8; 82 9 9 8 8 £ Wi " on "' 30 150
Bueno.4 IC9 !9 1 9 8h 71 ' 9 9™ . Duffy. ..Y^::": \ 1 7] o
j Good start. ' "Won drlvill C- • Winner," J. G. Foilansbee's blk. by Fresno-Sister to Jim Doug .as. Time"
* !*■*'• -it. 1 • . f
4<J THIHI) HACE— One mile and seventy yurds; threp-year-olds and no; handicap; purse $400.
Index J Horse, age, weight. St. j Std. j 1/4 ! i/ 2 j% j sir. Fin. Jocker. op?" in fl.
Wh>el Fortune,*. lo6 23 Va 2 2 2224 2fl Ilu ' X Jnnp« ~TT 77
(41) Nebucbadnezr. 4.1.0* 4 SI? 12% 11% 12 11 24 * I Gardner' ' 7-5 II
gt« 5a 11* !JM2*s* 410 32 j^'Man"::.-.:::::: li 5 9 io
35 Marvel, s.. 93 B6; 45. 48 33 32 "4 20 tt. Isom 8 15
. .1 :Cod», b 9| 3 ,44 5 5 ' 5 ,5. 6 K. Dennison 15 50
Good start. Won galloping. Wiiine- V J. Harvey's eh. by Jennie B. Tim
48 FOURTH HACE-Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse ?4OJ.
Time, 1:45%.
Tnd - j Horse, age, weight. S'-I_V4 __%_ _jL-j_^L. Fl °- : Jockey.: o? lUll &.
(81) Calleme, 3... 103 2 • 1% 13 11 11 ~ T Alnmhr ~ fiTo~~Yqi7
(33) Ostler J0e, ...... .107 5 ........ 5 b 5 3 3 i 22 Unffr r"" « r
40 Midlo, 3 103 .3 ....... »1 - 21 21 3$ V Jones "a v?
8 Candor. 5 .105 1 2 i'« 3 2 42 r4r 4 4V4 V wiNon -Ji »i
27 Dayllgh.. 3. ...... 105 6 7' V 41* 55" ' S'""'"" 2 Sn
21 He»rwefte, 3.....1U0 7 ........ tf y3y 3 6 2 6 610 Sntnard*" \i 7R
m BrawScot, a. .....106 , 4 4SJ' 7 7 .7 uaroner. ' 50 100
33 AiTarad0,3.......1Q6 left .. . ?.. | ........ .:;....; ..1..... Shteidsy::::."::: j 6 13-2
Tlme.°lfl4 I rt " AVCD drlVlnß;- Wlnner - A - .- »temler-s eh. c, by Xl Uioltey-Ueiua Humphrey:
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
49. pe I n ? aTt"sf A n m " c "* :lbl: lbl • lurl0 °«v over five hurdles; three-year-olds .nd up;
Index. Horse, age, weight.' j St. Sti. / i/ A . .%.;%, Str. i Fin. I Jockey. Op* 1 '
SO JOC, 4 147 ■;♦ 310 12 14 13 12 111 McMahon ' i~2~~
24 Governor 8udd.3.1 311 2lh 2 4 2102102 10 215 Maynard n "V"— t"2 J
Bedford, 5... 163 1 4 4 34 315320 i 3 "Kin""" 1 " 2
20 Manto.d, 6 1M 532 to 36".4; ; 4; 4° | IJ.^ C. Si:;: 20
Bert. 6 153) 6|» I |. ...'.. ...... |»» |i)elwate. . . , . . . \'\ 12
I {
Str. j Fin.
Belting.
Op. CL
[ting.
Cl
9-20
6
4
30
80
Jockey.
Good s;ar. (with flag). Won driving.
*Fell tirst jump. ••Fell iast jump.
WlDner, H. J. Jones' eh. c., by Apache-Irene. Time. 2:R
50 BiXTH R ACK— irix lurionr.s; tbree-year-o:ds and up; purse $400.
•Ind. ' Horse, age, weight. St. 1,4 .. 1/2 ' % . .-Str..-. Fin.
<3 |uatiardine. 3.....: 99" ....... J U» A 1h" TIT .1 v
88 Harry 0. 3........J02 2 2 2 22 ■- «2 ' 2h
. 3i . Hieniata, 4..;.;:..107 6 ........ 61 31 31 3 n
'■•■.a iSf"li " a s ce - S-..102 h .......: 61/4 4'%- -6 2i .46
44 Cheripe,3..... ... 89 7 ....... 71 ; i. 2 4 1.. 53
......;. Harry Lewis. 5...104 3 ;....;:: 4h " !76 ' 7 64
May Jones. 3.:... 99 4 ........ 3% 6h 6 76
• ■', Cleveland, 4 107 8 .... 8-8 8 > 8
1 l'/t; K.Jones \3 s
2 h E. C'orliran !la
3n VcUlrne.. 6
4ft T. llurphy 1
5 3 >.hrpard. 30
6 4 G. W i son { 0
7 6 Lenhart 50
H Golden 10
Jockey.
Kettiug.
Op. Cl.
3-2
12
7
ti-5
ft
10)
100
10*
Good staru AVou taaily. Wlncer, L. fit U'g 0. f. i-y Panique-WaltlDg 11. Time, l:16i/ ft .
William Jennings Bryan's Bier at the San Francisco Fish Market.
and three •furlong hurdle race. J O C |
was a 2 to 5 choice when the bugle called :
the horses out, and after a brush at the
head of the straight-for-home v with Gov
ernor Budd took the purse from Mat |
Storn's novice at the game, with little in
reserve. But j O C met disaster at the
first jump, and Manford performed a very
graceful somersault, taking the lust ob
stacle. Neither rider was injured.
The Corrigua entry, Can't Dance, and
Ezell's Ranardine absorbed most of the
atention in the betting on the final race of
tho day, a six-furlong sprint with eight
eoing to the post, llanardine, who closed
favorite at 3to 2, led from the jump and
disposed of Harry O without much effort
at the end. Can't Dance, evident'v need
ing a race, finished fourth behind Primata.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, two-year-olds, six and a half fur
loncs — Link Boy 103, 29 < latidia T 100. (34)
Oandelaria 115, 41 Lincoln 11 110, 25 Howard
S 110.
Second rare, three-quarters of a mile, sell
ing: (3 Sir Richard 110,42 Sh ield bearer 110.
12 Monterey 110. Adolph Sprer-kels 105, 80
Doubtful 102, Gallant 107. 42 La Mascota i
102, 30 Circe 107, K.r Nac 102
Third race, six furlong*, maidens— 39 D. J. I
Tobin 87. 7 Mmizauillo 87. 30 February 87, 39 !
Rebekah 87, 39 AMzan 87. 38 Sir Philli> 108. I
39 Spinning Boy 87, Mystic Maze 90, 36 Ar- !
temus 109, 21 Moran 105.
Fourth race, one mile, selling— 2l Hazard 93, i
46 Benamela 107.20 Jack Richelieu 110.29
Two Ci>eer« 107, 0 Model 107721 Miss Cun
ningham 98, 2t> Reddington 101, (26) Little
Cripple 107.
Filth race, three-quarter miie — 10 Char
treuse II 100, Gratify 94, Preston 108. 11 !
Joe Terry 95, Miss Brummel 97,21 Mariorie <
95, 30 Sabilla 100, 48 Alvarado 95.
ARRIVAL OF GRILSE.
A Special Anglers' and Hunters' Train
to Duncans.
The grilse are reported to be running in
large numbers in the Russian River, in
consequence of which the North Pacific
Coast Railroad will dispatch a special
train to Duncans Mills next Saturday,
leaving via Sausalito ferry at 11 :30 o'clock
at night to accommodate anglers, for
which a special low rate has been ar
ranged. •
Returning the train will leave Duncan*
at 5:30 p.m. Sunday, giving a full day'g
sport on the river. The train will stop at
several way stations going and returning
where quail hunting is good and will run
through to Cazadero. Tickets will be on
sale at the ferry.
THE SAN FtlAlS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
CYCLER WELLS RETURNS
Back From a Successful Season
on the Eastern Racing
Circuit.
He Is Matched to Race Walter Foster
at the New Ye odrome Track
Novembar 21.
Charles S. Wells, the crack California
riaer, arrived in the City yesterday, after
a long season on the Eastern racing cir-'
cuit. He was accompanied by K. P.
Aylward, his trainer, and the trainer of
Otto Ziegler Jr. Zieglercame to the State
with there, but stopped at Wells' home at
Pleasanton for a few days' rest. He broke
his arm a month ago at Trenton, N. J.,
and has not yet taken it out of the cast.
He will arrive here Sunday, and go to his
home at San Jose Monday.
Wells an-l Aylward visited their fellow
members of the Bay City Wheelmen last j
ni^ht, and recounted their successes and i
experiences in the East. All tbe Califor- j
nia riders did fairly well there, and have j
made considerable money. Aylward says j
none of the Eastern cracks will be here
until February, when Bald, Cooper and
several others will surely come. McFar- ;
iand is now in Texas, and will be here
about December 1. Arthur Gardiner will
pass through here on the 12th of this
month en route to Australia.
Weiis and Aylward visited the new i
velodrome track yesterday afternoon. |
They say it is one of th .• fastest and best |
in the country. Wells yesterday signed I
an agreement to race Walter F. Foster of
the Olympic Cluo Wheelmen there on
November 21. There will be three match
nice?, at one. two and iive miles, paced.
They will go to San Jose this morning and
Wells will go into training, at once. He
feels confident of whining.
Aylward says Bald shouid beat Cooper
when they meet to decide the world's
championship at Nashville and Memphis
this month. He also thinks Z m,merman
would be outclassed now if he returned to I
racing.
Zlegler will probably not ride on the
i coast, but will rest the entire winter, pre- I
paraiorv to next year on the circuit.
Wiil Knir>penD?rj.', captain of the Los '
Angeles Athletic Clul>, and a well-known i
wheelman of the south, arrived here yes- {
, terday. He is very popular with the rid
-1 ers here, having been the manager of one !
of the largest racing teams on the coast ;
las t year.
Emii Ulbrecht, a speedy Los Angeles
professional, is in the City on a visit."
There is trouble Jn the Imperial Cycling
Club over politics, and it was stated last
ni«ht that the president, vice-president
and quite a number of the members had
resigned.
» * •
FIGHTER FITZSIMMONS.
The New Zealand Pugilist Will Arrive
Tlil« Kveuiug.
Manager Groom of the National Ath
letic Club received a dispatch yesterday
j from Ojjden from Martin Julian, the man
j ager of Bob Fitzsirnmons, that the great
! fighter and his retinue will arrive this
■ evening on the overland train.
Baker and Hickey, the sparring part
ners of the Cornishman, are journeying
westward. In all probability Fitzsimmons
will make the BaUl win Hotel his tempo
rary headquarters. Manager Groom can
not say definitely where the great tighter
will train, but some of Fiizsimruons' near
friends contend that lie will select old
Barney Farley's rendezvous.
Sharkey has been in training at the Seal
Pwock House for a week or more, and, ac- '
cording to his trainer?, he will give a cooi
I account of himseif on the evening of De
! ceniber 2 at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
where the tight will take place.
iJan Creedon is expected to arrive to
day. It is expected that Creedon will be
matched to fight Alexander Greggains. as
the Democratic politician will be ready to
take on any kind of a cams that will bring |
him home "an honest dollar."
The MrAnlifte and Carroll ten-round
contest will be held on the evening of the
18th inst. Both men are training hard.
SLASHED WITH A RAZOR.
Warren Herman Assa led by Four Men
and Seriously Cut.
Waller G. Smith; W. J. Dowling, Frank
Delaneyand Thomas Connors, frequenters
of the "Coast, 1 were arrested last evening
nt the instance of Warren Herman, pro
prietor "of; a saloon at 637 Clay street, and
detained', at the ; California-street station
on charges of disturbing the peace and as
sault with a deadly weapon. -
; Herman alleges that the prisoners en
tered his saloon and immediately stared
to abuse a customer.^Herman ■. attempted
to eject the crowd, when one of the men
drew a razor ; and slashed him across the
face and : chin. Policemen , F. : McGrayn
and P. C. Peters were detailed on the case
and arrested - the offenders. V A razor
covered with blood was found on Dbwling
and it is believed that he did 1 the cutting.
*.[. \*'."." ' "^ '.'.'• .'*"*". — ~- \ .'...'. ., . '■
It is estimated t>v some • horticulturists
that more than 1800 varieties ;, of roses
worthy ef cultivation have been produced
I during the present century.
MANY FREAK BETS
OK THE ELECTION
A Man Loses His Whiskers,
Another Must Wheel
the Winner.
A Fish Market Has Bryan's Bier
on Exhibition and Attracts
a Crowd.
OTHER FREAKS TO HEAR FROM
Enough OJd Bets to Make a Big Show
if They Were Piacel Uader
One Canopy.
There were many freak bets on the elec
tion. One man loses his whiskers and
another agreed to wheel hiMfriend ;n; n a
wheelbarrow from the ferries to Tenth
street.
The unique features of the late Demo
cratic disaster are now coming into notice
and nothing is more amusing than the
fieakish bets that some people' 3 exuber
ance led them to make on the outcome.
Returns are not yet in from the great
border-land region that lies between san
ity and insanity, where men agree to let
their hair grow for ten years if so and so
wins or loses this or that office, nor have
the fat men who agreed to fast for forty
days if Bryan were beaten been seen, but
news of several marvelous bets has come
to the notice of The Call.
John Hadley of 690)4 Klliß street wears
a long, flowing beard, which has been his
pride for nearly a quarter of a century.
His patriarchal appearance has long made
him a conspicuous tigure and bis beard
has been the wonder that has amazed the
children for many blocks around. Hut it
John Hadley 13 a man of his word his
heard must come off within live days after
Chairrran Jon?s concedes Bryan's defeat,
for such w:ts the tenor of a bet he made
with Henry Anson, who now goes clean
shaven, ar.U who agreed never to shave
again should McKiniey be defeated. Had
ley must go one whole year without his
beard. If ue then craves its return he
will probably not live long enough for it
to reach its present length. His friends
believe he will ony back the privilege of
wearing his whiskers, and it is believed
Anson will charge iiim a good sum for
sizning a release troni the obligation.
Tbe following is the copy of a wheel
barrow bet made by two well-known men,
whose confidence was as great as that of
Fred Becker of Oakland, who roasted
psaoata and sold them 011 the street all
day when Cleveland was defeated.
Welch will wheel Kiit>stein from the
ferries to Tenth street on November 15 as
per the terms of the following agreement:
San l'>. ax cisco, Nov. 2, 1896.
We, tbe undersigned, do iienby agree as lol
lows, to wit:
I, J. C. Welch, do agree that In the event of
Mr. McKiniey being elected to the Presidency
of the United Stales i wih wheel William
Klipstein In a wheelbarrow lrom the lorry,
looi of Market street, San Fraucisco, Cal., out
Market street to Tenth and Market.
I, William Kllpstelu, do agree thai in the
event of Mr. Bryan's election to the Presidency
of the Lnited States 1 will wheel J. C. Welch in
a wheelbarrow Ircm the lerry, foot of Murket
street, San Francisco, Cal., out Market street
10 Tenth and Market.
The above event to tnkey>lnce on Sunday,
November 15, I«9G, at 2 o'clock p. m.
J. C. Welch,
William K. E. Klifstein.
Witnesses: Frank Tkai>or,
1). li. ijTEGEMAN.
A unique feature of the after-election
freaks was on exhibition all day yesterday
at the San Francisco Fish Market on Clay
street, where a rude coffin for Bryan
stood in plain view all day, surrounded
with burning tapers. Above it was the
followiug legend on a placard:
: I'oor little WIMe Bryan lies within. :
: Tbe funeral process.ou will start for :
: Salt Kiver at 2P.x. on Saturday. ;
The floral offerings were numerous, con
sisting chiefly of celery tops and cabbage
leaves, contriDuted by joylul Republicans,
while over the rough bier were innumera
ble toy roosters, with combs of cardinal
red and long gaffs of cruel steel. Hun
dreds of people viewed the weird specta
cle from early morning until dusk.
STILL ALL IN THE SWIM
The End of the Natatorial Con
test at the Olympic
Club.
E. B. Stolle Eraaks the Quarter-Mile
Record— The Ball Pool Tour
nament.
The swimming tournament at the Olym
pic Club terminated last evening. The
event." run off were the ties left over from
last week.
E. B. Btolle took the quarter of a mile
in 6:32, beating the American record of
6:40 4-f>; C. K. Melrose second.
Stolle now holds the American cham
pionship for a mile, i»aif and quarter
miles and 220 yards. His time of 13:20
for the half-mile equals the world's
straightaway record, and he made it in a
tank.
W. B. Littlefield took the prize for plain
diving; W. P. Healey second.
Melrose and Cornell swam a draw in
tbe 100-yard race, in 1:14.
Reneur fa>led to beat the 50-yard record,
of 2S 3-5, swimming that distance in
29 4 .").
The winners and losers in tie games
played last evening up to 11 o'clock in the
ball tournament were as follows:
Slocnm 55, Pope 36 (60); Hodgkins 63,
Pope 22 (60); Fuller 65. Brickell 55 (63);
Long 45, Hodgkins 55 (65).
The lull score to date is as follows:
Namks.
Dames -
I Played : Won. Lost
Hums
Pardee ;. "..!.'.".
Hampton. ; .".""..
Cunningdam .%;..; '.'.
Lewi5 ;........ '■-
Ward .......!....;.".■*■"'.'
Harrison.......;. .........
Thornton:...:
Vandu11 .;.... .- "*" " - " "
Brickell. ;...-. "--"-
H alien "V
Malton .. "" •••••••
Hodgkins .'.'.'.'..; •••-•-•••
Pope...-...........-.." "■■
Vaughn . : .....-.: ;'.':'.': '.'.".'.'.
Edwurds.l '.'.'.'.'.
Slocom .....;. ....".*."; '"'.'.'.
Moore "....;..;■ '
Barrier ..."..... .'.."""-'"
Uaciiman .... . .."•'■' """"-"•
Long -*■-"
Poor win ...„. ..;.-.".".".".'..
James .1.1!."".* '".'.'.'.
'I' ay lor. ;■.„•;
Fuller.. .........■.■".".■.■■."..*;■
4
5
0
I
■1
7
■1
i
5
6
6
0
5
4
6
4
6
•
I
a
A
'-
1
1
0
4
4
•J
0
a
3
1
l
4
•J
•J
4
II 1
3
0
4
ti
•J.
5
•_'
A
0
0
1
■•4,"
1
•Z
0
2
4
1
1
''/*'■'''
2
■4
4 -
. 1
4
I
4
2
3
4
1
1
1
2
1
0
In the circuses of
pbants waikca tlie tigl
ancie
t ropt
t Ro
c ele
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BTT PTNEB9 OFFICE of the San FranciscoCaMt
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark in street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, OJM"
until 9 o'clock.
£518 Mission street/open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
:'NOTIC_ <>*' MEKTLXGS. ..'..
W^S*' DORIC LODGE No. 216. F. &A. _■
*>&■■< M.-Stated meeting THIS (TH ÜBS-
DAY) EVENING, m :7:30 o'clock. By^f JT
order of the W. M. -.:■ J. W. Lowe. Sec. /H^N
_P_g=* : . CALIFORNIA No. 1. F. •
"— S' and a. if., will meet THIS (THCKS-
DAY) EVENING, November C, nt 7:3O^V |
o'clock; staled meeting. By order. of the /V>
Master. Fhaxkt.ix H. Day, Secretary.
IKS 3 TO OFFICERS AND MEM- <$&auuz,
«■>-=' bersot l-'rnnco-Americiin Lodge iSs I !*"**©!^-
No. 207, I. O. O. F. — You are requeat.-d '
to attend funeral THURSDAY, No- ~^wr^" ■
veraber 5, 1896. at 1 :30 p. m.; of our late brother.
LEON PKYRE, at the hall, corner Market and
Seventh sts. By order L. AURADOA, N. G.
R. liAViosr, Secretary.
IKS' THE ANNUAL MEETING OF- THE
*-*^ State Woman Suffrage Association will be
held at Golden Gate Hall on THURSDAY and
FRIDAY, November 5 and 6. Sessions at 2:30
p. m. on Thursday and at 10:30 a m. and at 2:80
P. M. on Friday. The convention will close with a
fraud ra.ly at Metropolitan Temple on the evening
of November 6. ' - - _^
SPECIAL. NOTICES. - . ., . k ... '
W"-*' ; Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st. ■
"H_5S» GAS FIXTURES MAUE TO OttDKR;
&-& cheapest place in the city. H. ■ UUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
Bt^» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
•*^:. rollectlons made, city or country. : I'acltla
Collection Co.. 416 Montgy gt.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
ftZZs* THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
* sJS ' A. s.l urn and Home Society hereby give no-
tice that they have admitted in o tho orphanage
trom July I, 1»96. to October 1, 18U6. the follow-
ing half-orphan girU and - boys, viz., Viola A.
Meyer, age 10 years: Alexander M. Meyer, ace
8 years 11 months; Isldor Hollzer. age 9 years
11 mouths; Herman Michaels, age 10 years 6
ronn hs. , ' j ".-.■
SITUATIONS \VANTJSI>-*'K3lA__.
ADIKS IJESIRING FIRST CLASS HELP
of all nationalities please call or send your or-
ders to MISS CULLEN. 323 Slitter: tel. Grant 12a
GERMAN EMPLOYMKNT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VJ son st., furnishes best help of all nationalities. |
SCOTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION; I
good cook, Ink. and laundress; references; I
widow: wants work • by , day washing or house- '
cleaning. 149 Rush street. 
I'KRIENVED WOMAN WANTS A BITUA-
XJ lion as cook: would do washing or working
housekeeper in a grown family. Please call 203
Goueh st. .
EFINED YOUNG WIDOW WOULD LUCK
the care or a child or light work; child pre- !
ferred; can speak German: can give the best of
references; please call; do not write; men need not
apply. A. S.. 860 Mlaalon st •.
KFINED LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
to take chur<e of a roomirm-hoine, hotel or
any position of trust; r room and board more of an
obj'ct. with small compensation. Address M. L.,
box 21. Call Office. ■-
espTctable YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKB
a situation to do light housework or mind chil-
dren. Call at 623 lotrero aye., near Eighteenth
St.; no postals ansiv -red. .
WASTED —BY RELIABLE, ELDERLY
'» Protestant woman a position to take care of
Infant; is competent 10, take full charge lrom
birth. Apply 3668 KUlu^enth st.
I^AMILY SEWING BY THE DAY, WEEK OR
A month; understands ■'. dressmaking, finishing
ana trimming: neat and quick: city references.
Ml3s WYAIT, 12^1:1 O'Farrell st.
IDDLK-A«ED LADY WISHES CAKK UK
widower's home with children, or would do
light housework and «ewlng. MISS 1713 Post.
SWEDISH GIRL W'ANiS-TO DO GENERAL
0 housework or upstairs work. Call 122 Eighth. |
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES PLACE I
At to do general housework: city or country. 10
Wet more place, oft Washington, nr. Powell.
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION j
VJ to go housework and plain cooking. 818
G«*ary st.. Saratoga court, flat 4.
\\r ANTED-SITUATIOn BY HK>PECTABLK j
'» girl to do second work or would do . general
housework. Please call at 4109 24th st , nr. Cauro.
GERMAN GIRL SITUATION TO DO,
VT second work and tewing; wages $20. Call or
address IS 10 Lurk in st.
I RL JUST FROM THK EAST WIMIrJI A
*-* position as general houseworker. Call from
9 a. — . to 4 p M.. 72 » Bran 1 way. ._
XPKRIENCKD SWEDISH COOK DESIRE* |
Aj situation; very best Of city references. Call cr
address 107 O'Farrell gL
EXPERIENCED NURSE, HOSPITAL TRAIN-
X-t ing, desires a patient,- male or female; men-
lal or ihyslcal: good ie:erence. 163 Mnthsu
/CANADIAN PRoTEsTAN V GIKL WANTS
\J cooking and housework la urivate family
reference. Call 620 Larkln st.
ADIES' AND GENTLr-.MKN'H WASHING
J warned by an experienced laundress. Address
L. F., Branch Call Office, 339 Hayes xt.
WOMAN WISHKS WoIIK BY~TIiE : DAY:
■ *» cashing, Ironing or housec!eanlns. Apply
829 Haves St.. near FlUraore. in basement.
L" I KST-CLA^S LAUNDRES* WISHES Tit GO
X out washing and Ironing by th« day : oest refer-
ence. 1329 t-cott, near O'Farrell. in rear.
RE F I GERMAN GIKL WISHE- SlTUA-
lion for light housework and assist with cook-
Ing. Call 1150 Folsom st.
ESPECTA BLt. LaDY WITH A BuY WAN IS
work by the day or month. 1 Pale st.. rrn. 27.
LMK.VF-CliA.bil COOK WISHES POSITION IN
A private family, or second wont. 1148 Sutter.
STRONG WOMAN WISHKS WORK «)F ANY
kind by thedny. 1 148 Sutter at.; room 27.
"YOUNG WOMAN WAN IS WORK BY THE
X doing hou eel inc. etc. Add. L.R.,63.Ca11.
I>ESPEL T A B L E~WUMAiC WISHKS PLACE
XV as housekeeper; gaod plain cook, and fine
laundress: can ;tirnisb best. of references:: work
more an object than wagts. Address immediately
A. R.. box 109, Call Office. .-.
r »>UNG GERMAN, WHO HAS SOMK EX-
X pprii»nce waiting on table, would Hue a place In
coffee-saloon or restaurant; very lit,; le wages ex-
pected; >' Please address H. B-, Newport House.
corner of Ouk and Fr-nklln sts , room 31.
iIKs*«»tAKKR FKOM NX W.YORK DESIRES
work by the day; perfect fit; rapid «nd excel-
lent work guaranteed : garments remodeled; refer-
ences given. Address X.. box 143. Call Office. •-.
POSITION-* WANTED BY 2 YOUNG LADIES,
X 1 «8 bookkeeper, other as stenographer; experi-
enced. * M. F.., box 3, this office.
G ekman gikl would LIKK general
homework. Call 322 Folsom st. ' . ;
p _RMAN GIRL WiShhS '• SITUATION;
\Jt good cook: rererence. I. FALOB. 337 Turk.
/GERMAN GIRL, PKRFECT COOK, WANTS
VJ situation. . Call 1519 Mason st., bet. Broadway
and Vallejo. . • - ■ = -. '
MIDDLE- AGED GERMAN WOMAN WOULD
like place to do general housework; German
lamlly preferred. ' Apply 124 Wildey aye., off Fil-
more si., near Bush. •
ELI ABLE PROTESTANT GIKL WISHKS
si. nation to do chamber work and sewing. Call
or address 41 1/2 C:ara st.
ELIABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO
light homework, or upstairs, in small Ameri-
can family. Call or address 1311 V 3 Minna st. ■ .
i r OUNG WOMAN DESIRES TO GO AS TRA V-
A ellngco npanion: good seamstress. Apply 131
Taylor st., room 3. \
Y ou:N * GIRL, ATTENDING SCHOOL,
A would like to make ; herself useful in refined
family. - Address > box ,124, Call Office.
V OUNG SWISS GIRL WISHKS SITUATION
X as rovern«ss or lady's companion; speaks four
languages. 15 Montgomery aye. ' ».~ " •
EALTHY WETNURSE DJiSIRES POSl-
tlon. Address Nurse, box Call.
JDDLE-AGED WIDuW \VI.>HhSA BITUA-
tion as houiekeekcr or work by the day. Ad-
dress 1502 stockion st. ' '
\\. I.NOHJfia . XX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
«, Marl "' t: *°° : roon »»: 25c to $1 6U per night:
»1 60 tos6 per week: convenient and respectable
: j£g> tm» and h»g— te» to unit from the lerrr." •
SITUATIONS .WAKTED-IHALE.
HUNTER a CO.. Chinese asd japa-
uese employment office. 17 Wobb St.. below
Kearny.nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C.YOUNG, mgr
H I XKSK it JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS"
Vhelp:tel.matn 1097. BRADLEY &C'O.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE __PLOYM_A'T:
best help. »14b Suiter gt. : teL Grant 80.
i 1 INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R. 73."
O St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy »v ; tel. Main 6234. .
JAPANESE A D CHINESE HELP. OR I F.
tal Business Agcy.62o Merchantltel.main 1633.
CUIN—SK; AM) JAPANESE ;_MP_jYM_i7F
\J office : best heln. . 4 1 4 V a O'Farrell: . tei. K. 4UdL
pUINKsE AND JAPANESE Rcliablk
\J help; tel. Main 1997. BRaDLKY_CO.. 640ciar.
"V^OUNtJ GERMAN. WHO HAS SOME"e'XPE-
A rience waiting at table would like place In co.-
lee-saloon ' or restaurant: : very •' little ; wages ex-
pected. ■ Please : address >H. 8.. Newport Hcuse,
cor. Oak and franklin wta.. room 31. ■ .. ...
wanted— by a competent, RELIABLE
fclf( man. the i management or , care lof. a . ranch,
either fruit, grain or stock: or to rent on shares.
Address JOHN PHILLIPS BR., El lrldge, Cal. ,
pAKPEN IE R. - AND : A HANDY MAN IN
\J gener»l. wants work in city or country: can
give references If required. Address S. S., box 62
ibis office. . , - r - :,--■': ?■..-■;. '.■".■ .. •
IvUTCHi-.R.vYOUNGMAN, WANTS WORK;
I > tood references: city or country. % Address B .
PCX 101, Cv 1 (.fflce. ;:.;i • - , , , !
REXCHMAX WANTS SITUATION WITH
u-rVt"- c cl r: iV,"^ 1 . 1 cook ' valet °x, coachman.
« me L. R., 1112 Taylor st.
' SITUATIONS WASTED- Continn^d.
W^n^d^ork^b^?young"m^7g'er-
: VV- man) In saloon: I tend bar, wait on table or do
kitchen work: city or country. Please address H.
MILLER, 65 Second St.. room 25. V- ■ ■
rPAILORS- GOOD PANTSMAKER WANTS
1 work. Call or address 711 Mission su
YOUTH - (ENGLISH). ASK 22, _ WISHES
1 work in restaurant; salary no object; best ref-
erence. Address J. B-, box 117. this office. -.-
VOUSG SWISS (JUST ARRIVED) WISHES
1 situation as milker or take care of horses.
Addrt 83 R. S.. bo» 91, Call Office.
OTRICTLY SOBER. SINGLE - SWEDISH
0 coachman desires work in private family, 4
years with last employer; best of references. Ad-
dress J.. box 144. this oflice. __________
pOOD BARBER DESIRES WORK HATUR-
\T day and Sunday; steady. FORD, 1309 Bu-
chanan st. . . ■■■.... : - - .
COOK WANTS SITUATION IN THE COUN-
try; good hand in flour. 1301 SantaClaraave.,
I A lameda. ' • ■ ■ - ■
RESPECTABLE GERMAN FARMER, NOT
long in America. w>uld llk« position on farm
of German widow. B. G., box 16, CaU^Jfflce. ___
I CfITUATION ANTED BY YOUNG Gf7rMAN
/5 butcher to learn cooking; city or country.
Address E. RO-iKNDALE, 738 Green st. . . ;
ITUATION WANTJtD BY COACHMAN
who thoroughly unders ands his business in
all its brunches As to qualification and refer-
ence* address C. L.. box 91. Cul. Office.
U'ANTED-MAN AND WIFE WANT A
■»» place to cook, rr wife to do housework and
man is handy with too can take care of horses
and milk, or good hostler, harness and buggy
washer In livery suib.e. Ca.l or address 17 Third
st., room 22. . : . - _^ -■'
UY YOUNG SWEDK-SITITATIuN ASCOACH-
XJ man; first-class horseman: care nt driver: un-
ders.andg cows, gardening, etc. C. W., box 2, Call
Office, Oakland. ■ ■ '
T/ARMKK AND WIFE, WITH BOY 4 YEARS
-F old, lifelong- experience, wish ' situations' on
ranch: wages moderate. Address Farmer, box
39, this orhVe.
WANTED— BY YOUNG MAN, 18. BITUA-
tion to learn a trade. Address Trade, box 65,
Call Office. --. ■-•■■■-
-INCHESTEK HOU&E, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electrlo lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
»wk: free bus anrt barrage to and from the terry.
it MALE HJE_.f WASTED.
ATTR > KSSr~NirE^ COUNTRY HOT Eli!
$17 50, fare paid: woman, with child, $20:
cooks, houseworkers. etc. MURRAY' READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 6.-4 and 636 Clay St.
VOUNO WOM-.N, HOUSEWORK. FAMILY
A of three, country town, «1»; fare paid. MUR-
RAY* READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. -; --.
Ei '.MAN OK SW-DI-.H GllHi, HOUSE-
work, Alain', da. see party here, 's2s: house-
work girl 50r Alameda, se«- party here, $20; green
I French eirl, chambermaid. Berkeley, ste party
j here 8:30 this morning. $15: German nnrseglrl, do
mending, $15:. 5 German or Swedish housework,
girls. »26. g'lo. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Heary.
WISS OR GERMAN COOK, 12 TO 16 MEN.
near city, *25. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary sr.
O SECOND GIRLS WHO CAN DO LAUNDRY
InA work; $25, $20; country: see parties here. C.
! H. HA.NSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
2\VAITRKS»ES; HOTEL: CITY; $^0. C. R.
HANSKN A^fcQ., 110 Geary st. '
COOK, OKRMAN STYLE. $30: 2 SECOND
girls, $20: refined Protestant nurse, $15: 12
housework girls, city and country. $20 and $25:
6 vouug girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323>utterst.
p EKMAN WoMAN AS HOUSEKEEPER, $20.
VJ MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. :
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER^ $15. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
|»KFINKD • GIRL AS.- COMPANION A D
XX light housework, $15. Miss CULLEN, 323
sinter st. . • "
EKMAN WOMAN WITH A CHILD. COOK
for 3 men, $20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
OM A N WITH A GIRI,, SANTA ROSA,
TT $16. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler s'. -t I
WAITRESS, $5 A WEEK; WAITRESS, $15
and room: waitress, $4 a week: girl. Ala-
meda, Cal., $20. see party here 2 p. _.: girl, Pow-
ell st,, $20; girl, Valiejo St., $15; middle-aped
woman, Auburn, Cal.: elderly woman for Shasta,
Cal. : nurseglrl. Golden Gate aye.; girl. Brodericfc
I at., $15; girl for Belvedere, Cal., $15: girl. Pine
st., $15: woman for Butt* City, Cal., *20, etc. ;
girl, I.aguna St., $15: girl, Geary St., $15; girl,
■ O'Furrell St.. $15; girl, Washington st., $15: girl
I for Sonora, Cat, $16; 13 gins, $8, $10 and *12 per
I month, assist, etc., nice families. MARTIN'S, 749
! Market st.
j p EKMAN GIRL,, COOKING AND DOWN-
XJ stairs work. $20: 3 in family ; Alameaa; see
lady in office. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
4 Tl/ ANTED— INVALID NURSE, #20: 2 COOKS
1 TT in American families. $25 and $30; 3 cooks,
I German style, $2!> and $30: colored girl for cook-
ing and housework. $25, and a large number of
girls lor cooking and housework. In city and coun-
Uy. J. F. CRusETT* CO.. 316 Sutter st.
I , ; .
I pIKLSOF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJT various positions, from $12 to $25. German
Employment OUlce. SOB Mason St.
C^OOK AND SECOND GIRL, SAME HOUSE
J in country; housework girl, Sonoma; several
girls for city. German Empl. Office. 306 Mason.
\ o"UNG WOMAN. . FIKST-CLASS REFEK-
A ence, for general housework. Bureau Infor-
mation, 17 Third st.
IDDLE-.'.GED GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
German cooking and housework. Apply at
1404 a O'Farre'.l st. Thursday, from 9 to 12 o'clock.
ANTED— GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
.VI work. 731 Green st., near Mason. ; .
p~ERMAN O I RXTFOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJT work ; -I in family. 1904 Muter st.
\ OUNG PROTESTANT GIRL TO DO HOUSE-
; X work; small wages; good home. 2312 Bryant.
IKL FOR HOUS-WORK, PLAIN COOKING.
2024 Buah st ■ : : ■ . - ;
y OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 26U6 Sacramento st.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK. . CALL
at 7:30 a. m., 912 McAllister st
•\J URSK.GIKL; LIVE HOME. APPLY BE-
Xi for-' 12. 78 1 Slitter at., room 112.
KMABLE GIRL HOUSEWORK: NO WASH-
XV Ing; call after 10. 4522 Twentieth st.
IDOW, 30 TO 40. AS HOUSEKEEPER;
11 good home; small wages. It., box 161, Call. .
IRL WHO UNDERSTANDS JOB PRINT-
ing. 213 Eddy st.
GIKL F. R HOUSEWOKK AND COOKING;
wages $15. Apply 740 Castro. su :
/ ■* IRL FhUM 15 TO 18 YEARS FOR GEN-
VI eral housework. . Call 521 Haigbt st.
\TESTMAKKR WaNTEU. 567 MAhKhT ST.,
T Chicago Woolen Mills. - ; ; ,
WANTED- GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
Tf work. 1303 Gulden Gate aye. 7 >-.->■::
OUNO GIRLFOK GENERAL HOUSEWORK
in small family; wages $10. 1702 Vj Post st.
EVKRaT; YOUNG LADIES IO LKAK.V
something new; good wages; 9 to 6. 662
Howard. .
IT I IiST-C LASS FINISHER UN CUSTOM
X coats. 18a Columbia square. >" ••
IKL TO ASSIST IN COOKING AND HOUSE-
work. Call 509 Sutler su, Thursday. 10 a. m.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.. APPLY
r bet. 9 and 12 o'clock. 1206 Eddy st.
L-IKVI-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS. BO\VH*AY
■T 604 Sutter st. ■ ' •
LDKRLY LADY TO HELP IN KITCHEN'
Xv 407Tehamas;.
T?IKST-CLASS TAILORESSES WANTED. 604
X? Suiter st. .
XriGHT SCHOOL OPKNS MONDAY, 7:15 p M~
— jLYNN's Dresscnttlng School. 14 McAllister!
GIRLS TO - LKARN DRESS CUTTING, hIT~
ting and making; class every day: easy pay-
ments: unlimited lessons; new skirt pattern •>„•
McDowell, 636 Market st. - . r.'.r 0 ,-
OSKDAIiE HOUSE. 321 ELLIS, NR Tay"
lor— loo furnished rooms; 25c night; $1 week.
HAIRDRIiSSING. 2 5c AND ~3Sc~AFTeT:
noon classes: 10 lessons. $1 50. 1248 Mluio:i.
j AY'- A NTED-M EN .AND WOMEN TO LKAK~
■ TT barber trade: only « weeks required: tools
I f^nand^alogue -enu a « Baru.r schoof.
1 . ADIES LEARN PRACTICAL HAI ROUES --
lWe n .f,l^X.ri, n s-. UrlDg - MISS DOVLE ' L l2
MOs 1 CON V ENIKNT AND Kk. B J»l!,i"rAHl k"
". ... • »nchester Hoase. 44 Third gt. near Market-
iOO rooms: "Jsc to $1 50 per nl ht; $1 50 to $i
V' wk:m-» uns and oaggagft 10 and from tVrrV:
MALE HiSLf -. ASTIiD.
O COOKS . '«:wrs46~ANlf $50;" COO JTaND
bvii^ 5 3!°*" country hotel. MURRAY &
?/';/.' Leadln g Kmployr_ent Agents, 634 ana
coo Cay st. . : .■■ ■ .:i. ;  , , - . , - -
U $30. MURRAY &> READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agem.s. 634 an-i 636 Clay st . ■•■
All ME ; ; AND -.WIFK. N«. CITY: 6 FARM-
ere, $20 to $25. MURRAY _ READY; Lead-
Ing Km ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
P. • WIRE NAIL OPERATORS. $2 TO $2 50;
»J wheelwright. MURRAY- READY. Leading
Employment Ag»nts. 634 and 636 Clay st./ , ;
3PAINTKKS, CITY: PLUMBEK FOR COUN-
try. MURRAY 4 READY, Leading Employ-
nient Agent?, 634 and 630 Clay st. v V
TAILOR FOR COUNTRY SHOP, $15 WEEK
A MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agen 634 and 636 Clay st. *™ T "
Tj 1 LORI ST AND GREENHOUSE MAN WITH
X good references, coun; ry, $35 and found : young
pastern man sro- 1 afl 'to years preferred. C.
It. I-, ANShN & CO., 110 Geary st.
V\ Alr '' - «25 AND ROOM; WAITER, $S0"
: « » pantryman tor restaurant; 3 lunch waiters"
second cook, $60; second cook. $35, etc i • coo ; V
small restauran , $30 nnd room: young nian for
general work, wait some, eic; waiter. $30 and
M^Tl^s^M^s™'^ $2 ° aDd ro °-
WANTED— SHINGLEKS U\ CONTHACI"
* ; 8ee «, bO8 « here thls morning: bmcksmitii's
heloer, $1 a da* and board; coo< for men $-'5 to
8.0; waiter and ovsterman and others, a ,0^ t«
J. i\ CaoaJtTT & to., 6^B bacrimemo iV P *
_ HEtF WANTED— Coittfna«rt. -
2 APPRENTICES FOR THE MILLWRIGHT'S
*-i trade: see party here; 2 millwrights. country;
2 wire nail operators, $2 to $2 50 a day; 2 expert- >
enced boy* on wire nail machines. $1 to $1 50 a.A
oay; machinist and toolmaker. city. C. R. HAS-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
"UARKEKPEJt-WITH GOOD REFERENCES,
~, city, -$50; . meat and t pastry cook, conn try
notei, $50; second cook, restaurant, $60: cook lor
a boarding-house, country, $35. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., lip Geary gt. ' ■■•:-• - -- . •:
TV ANTED- WAITER, SMaLL RfcSTAU-
'' rant » *7 week; waiter, hotel, ris; cook, $40;
miiKer, gib; French boy for restaurant, $20;
i e »^o a PP r *«»ilce l.ov. $15: German boy in fam-
liy. $12; etc. L. ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
MAN AND WIFE TO WORK IN LODGINO-
i»x house in return for good home for winter; no
wages. Address E. E., box 49. Call.
W A^7 XD ~ l)KU<i CLEItK (REGISTERED);
t oV K i^:t r ht r giii c c c ci Balarys2s »--o-«-- w. V:
A/JAN JUAT UNDERSTANDS NURSERY-
-512 Halght st. t - P ntS: - g e 3 15 per mOattu
WANTED - A BOY. ONE WITH EXPE-
rience In winding preferred. Call MM »°-
Rattan Company, 61 First at.
pHANCE FOR ACTIVE MANTOMAKK $60
\J a week for few months; investment $10. Ap-
ply 215 Sansome st., room 12. ■■. : r~-!r%- .'.
8 T KONG BOY: GKRMAN PREFERRED;
kJ must make' himself generally useful; $10
a month and board nnd lodging. 2015 Mission at.
WANTED— 2 TINS Mil lisa. APPLY GEORGE
M H. TAY COMPANY, 618 Battery St.
\\r ANTED — PLUMBERS' HELPERS. 606
'» Geary st. . - ' .
POATMAKER FOR COUNTRY. REISS BROS.
\J &CO., 24 Sutterst.
URESSER ON CUSTOM. PANTS. 411 V*
X Kearny st. ■""!'.'
ANTED-OOOD COATMAKEK ON CUS-
tom coats. 708 Bujh, nr. Powell.
ANTED-SIGN - WRITER, 48 SACRA-
memo st. . . ' •■■
WANTED— BOY AT LICK LAUNDRY. 9
'» Lick place. ' ' •■ '
QOLICITOR FOR STAR REPAIR SHOP. 1802
0 Geary st. ■
THIRST-CLASS CABINET-MAKER. VAN
X I WART, Klng-st. mill, bet. Third and Fourth.
T7<XPEKIENCED PREjS BOY TO FEED JOB
Xli presses. 16 Fremont st.
ANTED— RESTAURANT WAITER
" at 43 Second st. - • ■ - - <■'
I PANTSMAKKR WANTED FOR
A the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON — CO. '
rpAILOR WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS. 604
X Jessie st., cor, seventh. '
YOUKGMANTOI,KAR.NBARBER'STRADE.
X Inquire 107y a Fifth St.
IvARBER: MKST-CLASS. CALL AFTER 9
J-> o'clock. 230 O'Farrell st. :- "
IJOOTBLACK WANTED. 63 FIFTH STREET.
OY TO WORK IN STATIONERY-STORE.
XJ Call early, 713 Larkln st. -\
QHOEMAKKRS WANTED ON MEN'S SHOES,
O tolatt, peg or heel. 202 Fifth st-
-CHAIR BARB-K-SHOP FOR SALE; GOOD
— • location. 415 Hayes st. .
AKBKK-SHOP, CHEAP. ON ACCOUNT OF
sickness. 13 46 Turk st. - ■ ■
\*. ANTED — STEADY MAN: FOR PER-
'• manent position in genteel established busi-
ness: will be assured of $75 per month, with
certainty of increase if energetic ; no previous «-x-
-perience required; must have $160 cash. Appiy
917 Market st., room 2. ... ■■: ■■:
ANTED— BARBER TO BUY SKT OF BAR-
»" .ber-shop furniture of latest style: very reason-
able: a rare opportunity. Apply Peerless Shav-
ing Parlor, 1 Kills st.
GOOD CO A 'l MAKERS WANTED AT » POW r
ell st.. room 4.
1/IKST-CLASS TAILORS WANTED AT 604
A 1 sntter st. -
17URST-CLASS COATMAKER WANTED AT
X 504 Sutterst. • ■
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
DAKUfcKs' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment Recretary, CONRAD TROELL. 667 Clay.
If OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS BARBER-SHOP
r on account of sickness- 231 Sixth st. : ■? .
O TAILORS— COAT. VEsT AND PANT-
makers wanted: apply at 11 and 5 at the Ste-
venson-street entrance. CHARLES LYONS,
wholesale tailor, etc., 721 Market sU
\*/ ANTED — SEAMEN AT THOMPSON'S,
** California Home. 103 Clark st., below Davis.
I>ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITKD
At Mates Marine Corps, United States Navy:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages or 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally declared their Intention
to become citizens: must be of good character and
habits.: and able to sneak, read and writ* English,
! and between 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feer in height.
For further information apply at the Recruiting
OtUce, 20 Kills fiu, San Francisco. Cal. . - ■
A»Ttb,IuCOLLKCT WAGES DUX LABOK
enK&clerk*. KNOX Collection A*cy, 110 Sutler
"VTKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. bet.
— \ 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
week $1 to $2 60: reading room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean; quiet: open all night.
T ARGEST LODGING-MOUSE IN THE CITY,
XJ 400 rooms, to let from 10c to 15c night: 70c to
$1 50 week. ■ Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
ANTED— _ABOKERS AND. MECHANICS
to know that Ed oik in. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hous«, 217 Third s»; liti
largo rooms: 26c per night: $1 to $3 par — eec
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS. NEARTAY-
Ior; 200 rooms; 25c night; reading-room.
HOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER:
any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoe*
bought or exchanged: large stock of second-hand,
shoes; first-class repairing; work guaranteed.
749 Mission st-, near Grand opera-house. ■
SIMON WANTS 100m¥n TO GET BOT-
. tie beer or wine sc ; best free lunch. 643 Clay.
W ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
■ "» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 priM
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
KMT IN CITY--SINGVE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 50 per we**.
Pacific house. Commercia! and LeKJesdorff sts.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES, 40a:
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palacs
Hotel; branch 767 Market. Opp. Will & Finck's.S.F'
rnitY acme House, 967 MARKET ST.. BK-
A low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
KOOMa 150 '1U 75c Pfcß NIGHT; 600 1U »i oJ
per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm gt. ,
\\r INCHESTER HOUSE. 441HIRDST..NEAH
»» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading
room: free bos ami baggage to and from the ferry.
\\T ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS*, 16c A DAY: *L
*» v*ek; rooms for tiro. 26c a day, $1 60 a wmjc;
reading-room; dally papers. S6 Clay su
"I ( |/l MEN .'i-o take lodging AT lOc,
X\i\J and 20c a night, including vutla* *uaro__
124 Washlngtnrt — .. near Kearny. ■
IV ANTKD, YOUR - SHOES— WE REPAIR
&• V shoes np to 10 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait; ladles' soling, 35c; men's
eoling, 60c; .tine shoes made to order irom $2 up; ..
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at •
less than one- fourth their value, from 25c up to -
$2 50. 662 Mission St., bet. First st. and Second st.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IX AMERICA—
V.' WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the.
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
wgefree -
AOKNT.S WANTED.
iV LADY SOLICITOUS; GOOD SALARY AND
— commission; bet. 11 and 12. 822 Howard st. ,
IV ANTED— AGE.xT TO SELL STAR MAPS;
'•liberal commission: chance to make big "
money; amateur astronomers preferred. Apply
or address J. M. KELLEY, rm. 27, 'ii*& Geary st.
\\r ANTED— GOOD LADY OR GENTLEMKX
'» solicitors; bis money ana line seller. 7 City
Hall aye. - ■ ' ■ '
A GENTS— HOLIDAY BI.OKS; FOUR BOOKS
—l. represented by one prospectus; first agent re-
ports 32 orders in four days; F. Person, manager
subscription Department, THE WHITAKER *
.RAY CO. 72.'. Market st-
BOOHS WASTED.
Tvta7Jtel^bT'"yT)u^o~^ia^\"p_e^a^
'" sunny ■ furnished room in • private family;
running water; within 8 blocks of Baldwin Hotel.
s.. box 8. Call Office. .
WANTED-MISOKLLAXEOUS.
A^^E^^CA^H^^R^GTsTElt^'^ECONDr
____ hand: -in good condition. 1424 Howard st. T '
SINGER OR WHITE MACHINE; MODER X~
must be cheap. Address M. M., box 15, Call!
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, iSAS fciEiT
doors. mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st-
0' LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT- JEWFr"
ry. watches repaired. MUND. 1133J» Mission!
OELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHINIiAND JFwT
n elry to AJvLKII^. 1119 Sixth at . ; sen.Y^V
ATTOIINIiYS-AT-_AW.
a d'vice kr^e-divorce^lawsXspepT
tended to. G. xv .HOWE, atf y -at-'ia\gggf 8 >- m. C ;V-^
iy^^y__^^^
-' ■■■'■' : : BTOIUGE.
»tlow rates— furniture' jATtPß-po*
Uon, above Slxth^jmj^eveniny. O<JJ M *- KITSINESS CITANCKS.
'S9r. (\ S A LOO N : 18-™- A S~A ROAD
•3)_.»JV'. house: doing $ao to each Sunday;
chenp'rent: fine bay for any one wishing saloon
on San Bruno road. T. LUBKLSKI. 7 Cty Hall ay.
<>;'.( BUTCM ER-SHOP ACROSS THK
» tIT — O\J. bay, takiii- in $20 per day: rent only
10; /his is a fine buy: fine living-rooms up3iairs.
T,U'KK.>H,7iI y ll.sil aye. . : i .
\»' ANTED — LADY OR GENTLEMAN TO
" travel and sell line, quick-selling article; cap.
ital required, 920 to $100; rare chances for ener.
petic lady or gentleman. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City
Hail aye.
<2»1 9 r\i , BEER- BOTTLING BUSINESS
•r^jJ — and route; selling: 14 barrel* per
week, with fine, long-established trade; this is the
finest bargain ever offered of the kind;' fullest in-
vestlgation. T. LUUEI.sKI. 7 City Hall aye.
ftTT^ft ' PAR TN X It: FiNKLY ESTAB-
•. U*J\J. llshed, well-paying business: fullest in-
vesrigation and a rare chance seldom had T
LIBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye. * .
Ci?7(|() A «ROCIiKY-STORE THAT IS A
0 • v ' v '- great bargain: the location the finest
and business cood; see this elegant place. T.
. LUBELjjKI, 7 City Hall aye.
mO # LEASE OH S_LL-A LIVE WtKKLi
1 newspaper: within an hoar's nde of San Fran-
cisco: bargain for single or married man; paper
r.ow supports 2 families: good payiui: business:
60 debts; r. snap for a practical, all-round news-
paper man with a few dollars; investigate. Ad-'
tirrsi W. E.. box 60, Call Office. . . . -
OOD CHANCE FOR A BlTsTNTrss AN;
resutarant; opposite the Union Iron Worss.
I'otrero. for rent; ciieap: this is a rare ( nance. In-
qujro at New Continental Hotel, corner Napaand
Louisiana «s., Potreio.
rpAILOR-SHOP FOR SALE— FIXE SINGE K
'JLsewlriE machine, cj-t $55; good business town
to work, for a pood, sober man; price $35 for the
■Whole outfit. Call FKKD HALL-tAN, Washing-'
ton House, ValU'jo, Cat. .- . ■ ■ • . ■ .-
Oi V LI EDJLiuUOR-STORK, GOOD
bar and outside trade, wants partner: trial
ifiven; good reason for selling; $1000 required.
Call 20t> Third su ■ :
WANTED-LIVE PARTNER IN AN IX.
" »' corporaled company; SiOO required; paying
proposition. Apply by letter, box 113, Berkeley,
cal." •
<J>«>' lU\ BEST - PAY IXU BUSINESS IN-
(^r)i)v'U. vestment In San Francisco; station-
ery notions, etc.: established 18BU; uiuit t>o sold.
Address P.. box S5. Call Ofhce. -
IvEFOBB BUYING OB SELLING LO DOING-
I) houses or business see UNDERWOOD, 766
Market st.
•YV ANTED— GENTLE~MAN "PARTNER, WITH
j '* $500, fiirmamifacturiPßbumness: 250 percent
I °T'rotiU* Call 114S sutler, room 35, third floor.
[ I' RANCH BAKERY FOR 8 ALE CHEAP:
> •!> good location; splendid trade. H.C. DECKER,
• 1020 Market st. .
"PARTNER, TH 976, IN A (Al) Sl'
X cialty act if talented $7&: if not ?3S per week.
Address C. O. r... box 94. this office.
• OOI) CHANCE FOU RESTAURANT:
■\JC firat-class oyster or chop house for sale; good
location: owner leaving city. 216 Sixth si.
: IDOW WANTS LADY WITH *50 capital
• ' as partner In an established bakery and confec-
tionery. Address or call »it 3978 Eighteenth st. .
W" Vy ELL-ESTaBLISHKD SlloE~-.|iOP, WITH
'■ patching machine, etc: positive bargain. 1102
Clay st., near Mason. i ■■ •: :
7 A (X V O'UNG~CII ICICENS, HORSE, WAGON,
• \J\J harness, cow ana all tools; for sale cheap.
Inquire '.'5 Third st. .
OULl) LIKE TO I'.EALI/..". $90 PKR
•' week on a 9306 Investment; no risk: specu-
lation or gambling. Address A. It., box 65, Call.
V EWSPA KOUi'K IN INTERIOR CITY.
—1 vloso to sau FruuclSL-j. For particulars apply
; this ogice. ■ »"-.-:i.'.''.
' roR * SALK — candy AND icecream.
■ X store. 113 Taylor st. '
&IIWI COFFEE AND LUNCH PARLOR;
<a>iUU. cheap rent. I 2UO Webster St.
T)ARBER-SHOP: 1 CHAIR; A BARGAIN;
_J no rent. Call 325 Grant aye.
0 f^ OOD BAKERY IN SAN lui> OB1SPO: ON
\jr account of slcknesi. Call at 292 Valencia.
Ci^ANDY AND ICECREAM PARLOR: GOOD
- .v/ location: reasonable, s., box 5. Call Oflice.
T/<OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY; CENTRAL-
X ly located. Inquire at Call Office. ____£_
KOUI X FOR SALIi ACROSS iHK BAY.- Ev
Quire at Call Office.
U)DGL\«i-Horsi;s lOlt SALE.
"I 9 ROOMS: HANDSOME FURNITURE
1— low rent ;.. $400
18 rooms; bay-window corner 650
60 rooms, near Baldwin: easy payments... 1.800
ib rooms; fine furniture: modern bouse.... 275
'-.'5 rooms: private boarding; elegant furni-
ture 2,500
' ■ ■ UNDERWOOD & CO.
Q/\-ROOM HOI SK. clearing $50« «4,000
*->V 66 room corner house, new furniture.. : 3,000
20 room-., on 4th street, clearing $80, only.. 400
35 -rooms, 0:1 Murker, offer wanted . 850
12 rooms, central, good furniture - 250
H. C Dr.CK.iUc. 101:0 Market si., opp. Fifth.
*< 1 'iF.it .O.VAi'« OUNTOTHER BUSINESS;
I -t)l'. Tooms; cheap rem: sood locution:
«6 r 'UCavb; balance tasy payments. A. 8., box
I 115, Call Office. . -■ . .
T" fcs'l' IXVi-.SI.MI.NT IJS TOWN: 16 WELL-
.I 3 furnished rooms; good reason lor selling. 644
Sacramento it. " • ;
AKG A IN, I SOLD IMMEDIATELY: 26 RMS.
good lQca'.ton: rent cheap. Inquire S0."» Minna.
• UARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES OR EX-.
X> changes in real estate. UNDERWOOD, 765
Market st. ; . ' . ; '
C" 1 i-f\l\ A BARGAIN— LODGING-
XUV'V/. in Oakland; 41 rooms; all occupied:
first-class roomers, paying tine: rent $101): good
location. A. D. BOWLH.V. room 310, Safe De-
posit building.
-_• 'UU.VIXCKK POX- SALE.
0~ ~" c^TTE^v^^ToTnTiTco^n^-TEirAsrD*^^
, are in it: four floors, running from Mission to
Minna St., In all iy% acres of floor space, are
packed with household coods of all kinds, parlor,
bedroom and kitchen outfits of all kinds and in
endless variety; if you are thinking of purchasing
anything needed in a home, from a pairofDian-
Vets to a completely furnished bouse, pay' us a
visit; it costs you nothing: our number.) are 1017,
3019. 1021 and IO'J3 Mission si., above sixth. J.
KOONAN. -. >-•.-..• .. ■ ■--
\r ING FURNITURE CO-,1 127-29-31 MARKET,
IV furnish 4 rooms, 9-8 to $50; best bargains in
city. _ . ' I '
■jjUCKINGUAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
°J3 prices; furniture, carpets: all grades. 866 Mis-
sion st. • :-.■>•
HAS. M. PLUM & CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
• 1301 MARKET ST.. COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Gooas.
* T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 > I X 7 H ST.. FOU
J\ 'lowest prices on household goods, new or
good as new; cash or time: open evenings
A(\l\ CARPr.TS; CHAMBER SETS, 914:
ri\jyj stoves, $5: parlor eets. S2O: folding-beds,
f 10: bar ou:riu. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
URMTURH. STOVES, CARPETS, CO UN-
X- ters, showcases. ANDERSON',II2I Market St.
> ~T #Ee,K : S NEWS FOR 5 - CENTS— TUB
.V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
IUItMTUKiJ ANTJtD.
IGHESTCAsiiPiVICE : PAID FOR FURNl-
ture. saloon fixtures ana grocery stocks; send
postal. A BERG, 734 Folsom St.
UA N T K D— SECOND-HAND FURNITURE;
will pay good prices. 7 City Hall aye. '
IF YUU~WA-.T GOOO PRICKS FOX FUKN'l-
■ere aud mercban<iise see BURD. 211 Larklu. .
IGHER PRICe; THAN ANYWHKKE PAID
XI by Indiana Auction C 0,1067 Market. opp. Jonet
i ASH PAID FOR K.NTIxtK HOUSES (Jit
" ' smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc J.
V BOWCHER, 222 Stockton: send postal.
. , OAEl'liX CLKANLNG.
ITY AMCAEPET Mi.AMM, WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Msir 4 38 and 40 i.lgluh at.; telephone South 250.
CAKPKTS <.I.i.A.NKD AND i'.ENOVATKa
ilke new FERGUSON & CO.. 13 Tenth: l_
t-outh »t«. I) mackintosh 4 CO.. tnccesso— ■
"WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTKD WITH
» » poor work send 10 SPA ULDING'S Pioaeer Car-
pet BeaUiig Works, 353-17 Tehama st. : teL so. 40.
a DVAKCK CARPET AXING CO., 402
Gutter, tel. Main 394. 8. S. FERGUSON.maiijr.
J~~' K. MITCHELL. CaRP.K'I-CLEANINU CO.
« 240 14th st:: cleaning 3c a yard.' Tel. Mis. 74. '
(<AJU*KT CLEAN B_: LAYING. 3c. : MJO
J ramp.es free: tel. Jessie t>44. Stratton. 198 th st.
I MJi\KLIi->'a«OAJir_i' Lr.All.Nu \v Olt_ea. M i
Vy-iiolaen fJato etc-.: telephone «-as: 1-6.
»_»c A yard AT ukkat WKS'USBM' CAKrtX
• » Cieanlng Works. 11 Klghth at. ■
1 O.NKS _ CO.. MAIS OFFICE '^5 AND 27
'* j-i^:'i «> ■ i»-i j«-«si.-. IHt>l ■
. t..  HOUSKS.
A(\ HOKBKS. FOX SALK; ALSO WAGON*
" U buEZict, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
ilarkct, 327 Plx'.h st. ; auction sales every Wedu«*>
cay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers. 1
rii(iK EMPORIUM SSALKa YARDS, 220 V A.
1 lencla St. Is the place to go If you want to buy.
tell or exchange horses buggies, wagons or har-
-•-< »s: auction Kales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
r|||| KET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
•JUU liess: all kinds: baggy.wazon, carts, surrey
— rockawav: 40 cheap- horses. 15th and Valencia.
"1 ~l\ bErsXEW AND SECOND HAND HAH-
XO\J ness, all kinds: wagons, ongglcs, surrey* 1
rockaways. carts: must t>e sold. Jli2B Mission I!
UKAU DRIVING AiW> WOKK UOK»K!);.
_*t> weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. ti&J Howard st.
B WAGrONS A>X> • -AIIKIAOJ— ♦.
%."07r^A.L"_-i^HEAP: "1 ; NEW ": DELIVERY
-^■■iiKon; 1 second-hand top laundry wagon: 1
6-ton, good as new, sand wagon: must be so.d be-
fore Nov. 10. Apply 295 Linden aye: W. RAS-
MU.-SKN. ..... ... .. ..■.., /.'■.-;■=.;■>
LOR. SALE — AT A BARGAIN (MUST BE
-I sold), nearly -sew butcher cart. New * or_ Bl_-
be, 607 Jessie st. , .. . ->-•■ ; -^:
YEW AN}>"sECONI~HAMI JJAKERS 1 . LAO.V
— ' dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
•ad 2 floe buggies. 828 Harrison at,-.' ..'
_^__^ nOTTSES TO LET. .
HOUSE «'F 8 KOOMS AND RATH: 238 FELL
st. Apply TUPS. SULLIVAN. 743 Mission.
HOUSKS TO itKNT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _; HAMMOND'S. 10
M nni rom^rv it.
'yUKXISHKP HOUSKS.
riHARMINO COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS, COM-
V pletely furnished; select neighborhood; beau-
titul gardens.- Room 6. 532 Market St.
BURNISHED — Till-. NICHOLAS HOTEL,
■-1 San Bruno 'aye., near Army su: reasonab c
terms; orforaalf. NICOL. 534^ California st.
♦-OX'IAOJtS IO LET.
MAKE YOu"R^^TN^r^AY¥o^X?rKWXOT^
tage in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel: $100 cash, balance monthly. K.M. LONG,
3207 Twenty-second su ; office open evenings.
Cj ] O NEWLY KENOVATKD COTTAGE: 6
fjp J.O. rooms and bath. 1705 Ellis, near Steiner.
<3?9ft COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS AND BATH."
tS>_.U. 1012 Castro st., bet. 23d and Elltabeth.
p. SUNN V ROOMS, BATH, BASEMENT,
*■» yard, stable; cheap. 107 Germania, nr. Fill more.
i LAI'S XO LEX.
SUNNY LOWER 4^OOM~FirAT r :~Misr)Eßri
improvements; rent $14 ; water free. 15 Pond
St., off sixteenth. half block from Market..
"I OVELY UPPKK MODt-.RN 5- ROOM FLAT:
XJ sun all day; 4079 Twenty-third St.; 100 feet
from Castro-st. cars: $15: water free. Key 4073.
L" I>AT OF 4 ROOMS. 11 fcLWOOD ST.. OFF
X O'Farrell, near Mason.
/• CHoICK SUNNY ROOMS: UPPER FLAT;
y modern improveotents: 325. 1706 a Hyd..
fc NIC:: tSUN.\Y ROOMS; YARD AND BASE-
-0 ment: $13. 321 Twelfth su _^
LEOANT BAY- WINDOW: 6 ROOMS AND
bath: $20. 7:-5 Minna SU, near Ninth.
REED-XKW FLAT 6 ROOMS AXD
tine marine. Apply 1325 Washington, nr. Jones.
1 7I)K POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM sUNNY FLATS;
I" 1 " narQßii; bath: *13 and *16.
1 OO FULTON— FI.NE MIDDLE FLATS, ONE
X. «JO S rooms, one 7 rooms; baths.
VLAT; 6 RoOMS; BATH: WITH STABLE; 18
X. Bylngton st. Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS: NINETKENiH,
nr. Guerrero: key 8638: y!5: water.
1 k]OI MlfcSloN, NEAII ELEVKNTjt-6
X*JXk)2 large sunny papered rooms; bath;
laundry. . - ■, -
rpWO SUNNY FLATS, 3 AND 5 ROOMS,
X bath; reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe St., cor. Bryant.
-ROOM FLATS: $18 AND 9-0. 920 PINE
0 st.. Nob Hill. w - „ s
09/1 UPPER .FLAT; SUN IN EVERY ROOM;
fj^^yj. bath: laundry: central. 409 O'Farrell st.
ALF-MONTH'S HEN Fj;EK AS AN IN-
dnrement to good tenants to reutjrom SPECK
& CO., 60S Market st.
V"'LA r IS TO .«JS.\'f FOX VKKV LITTLK
X money at BALDWIN c* HAMMOND'S. 10
;woii!comerv st. • "■,■:■;-:
UOUSJiKJiKI'INO KOOM.S.
Bryant Street.
m BRYANT— NICE SUNNY SUITE, $2 25
wli per week. . . » .
Buchanan Street.
1 01 7 BUCHANAN— TWO HOUSEKEEPING
ivfl I rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
i.u,n street.
9^AQ BUSH-NICE SUITE OF ROOMS; USE
-UuO 01 kitchen.
1 uay Street.
Q1 7 EDDY— FLAT; 4 NICELY FURNISHED
Oil housekeeping rooms: splendid location.
7] Q EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS, |
I XO $8; also others. 95. •_____.'
Eighth Street.
04 EIGHTH— 2 TO 5 FURNISHED HOUSE-
Otr keeping rooms; cheap.
.Kills Street.
79"1 ELLIS-LARGE SUNNY ROOM WITH
I» 1 bath; suitable for lor 2; $7. • '' ;
099 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — ELEGANTLY
O_._. furnished housekeeping rooms and others.
t.u ».<!-.: ■ Street.*
1 070 HOWARD— WELL-FURNISHED SUN-
-I\J I \f ny front suite and kitchen ; bath : rent $15.
v HOWARD — TWO FRONT SUNNY
— housekeeping rooms; water; rent $12.
-•.:"'. «>e»i»le. Street.
OUr JESSIE— SUNNY FRONT ROOM FOR
O\) i housekeeping; cheap. ' ' ■
levin Street. -. -.'?. ;'•".*
1 O LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— FOUR
1O unfurnished bay-window rooms; gas; $16.
.. , - Market Street. , .
9AQA M ARKET— KLEGA X T L V FUR-
Z.\JV\J nished bay-window parlor suite; bath;
g&s: kitchen: gas stove; range; $15. •
McAllister street.
DA C McAllister— threb nice BUNXY
ul«; furnished rooms; rent reasonable.
Oak street, j
97 OAK— 2 NICK BUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
*- • nlshed complete for housekeeping; also flat
of 4 rooms, first floor.
JO OAK— UNFURNISHED BEDROOM AND
IO kitchen, newly papered, $6: another $4.
Post Street.
im A POST — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X\JXO suite; single roim for gentleman; board.
Roach Street.
H ROACH, BET. TAYLOR AND JONES, OFF
Filbert— Two nice front rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
second- Street.
_J99 SECOND— SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSK-
tt-.«- keeping; water, bath; other rooms: 94 up.
sr»fii!ti streeu
1 Qft SEVENTH — 2 -NICELY FURNISHED
lull housekeeper rooms: stationary tubs; cheap.
utter Street..;-'; '■
709 BUTTER — NICELY . FURNISHED
1 ijZi housekeeping rooms;, also single rooms;
rent cheap.
Vutencl ■, Stree;
nf\C VALENCIA-2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
aUU rooms: furnished for housekeeping; rent
914: bath and ir»s. . ,
V an iNenn Avenue. '
"I H9l VAN NESS AVK..COR. GEARY-TWO
AV/_.lroomi and Kiteiien completely turn., $25.
Welsh Street. \ ~
"I 91 WELSH. OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
I -I— '4 nicely furnished rooms; housekeeping:
cheap.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T7i_| '
-TV WEEKLY CALL. Id «vra_pcr, for mailing.
————_--_—-_—_- __ .
KOOMS TO LBt.
Kddy Street.
_J1 EDDY. COR. MASON — NICE SUNNY
ttl rooms by the gay, week or month: transient.
Of]'. EDDY — PLEASANT SUNNY ROOM;
*J\JO suitable two gentlemen.
I' 1 j. EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BASE-
VXI: mem: clean; quiet: nicely furnished; light
housekeeping. . . .
' — —«ii« strflo:. _, ■ : "."!: !
THR JtAMOSA, 730 KLLI3: MRS. KATRi'
X h ART. mr.nacer— A quiet bouse: centrally lo-
rnted; newly lurnished: elevator: hot A cola wa'.er.
Al Q ELLIS— i RVINGTON:, SUITES. SIN-
'I 1 O nits; , light housekeeping; prices ;to suit
times. •■•'^*r';-. •-.
79A KLLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
• —>V/ suitable for a gentleman; rent 96.
l-i^'lth errata.. .
QHRRMA!* APABTMKBT HOUSE, •>• HTH
k> ■ .. near M»rk»t: fOtnlslMd and iiiifiini.»ln«i
1 fJO EIGHTH — PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
I \JO nished looms; 95 up.
,' !"/'-.'] y '•'<--' Geary Street. ■,--
Q9Q-330 GEARY — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
O— .O aud other rooms: grate; water; reasonable.'
Cljl GEARY — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
_>Xtla rooms, complete, $12; a/so single rm, $5.
I \t\\ UKAItY (THK MAKTINET'I'i:.), COR-
X I "X. Van Ness— Fine suites: newly furnished.'
1. own nl >iren .
1 t ? c ? HOWARD, UPSTAIRS — 8 SUNNY
J t'-i. rooms; furnished, or unfurnished; or
ginitle.' '• . ■ '.- y. . ■ . -■• . • ' ;
iibiipn MreH...
9n7'-' nicrs - THE vx.t 1 WJihUJKs xf.w
*-" ' I siamtcement: - rlegaci funny rulMw _uJ
tingle: newly turnlshed; bam. He; siu to KS'.i.
*. «.*.riiT. MUM.. • .. , • '
90 KEARXY— FINE " FURNISHED ROOMS:
_iO reasonable.
ARLINGTON . HOUSE. f 127 KKARXY —
-'» Pleasant sunny rooms, en snlte'and single; lirst
claaa in every respect: terms reasonaclif. ■
Larkln. Street.
Qf\A PARKIN - SUNNY FURNISHED
OU _ -rooms: lor % persons 96. . •' : - <- .
LeuTenwunh Street.
I C LEAVENWORTH— SUNN Y FURNISHED
J D rooms; * hot and cold water; • day, week or
month. ' ; - -•;'•'- -."• -* ' ■ ■■■' '-' " ■°.'^-:
• - ■■■,;■ ■\\ ■ - Jikl'kr'- >ilm*.'. ■-"■•■..■ '
V OSEMITF, HOUSE. 1045 MARKET - TEB
1 eight, 860 to f1 j week. 91 60 10 «6; lamUlo_ -;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
ROOMS TO I/ET-Continued.
Sic All Street.
990 1 MCALLISTER OPP. CITY HALL—
£i£.\J-& Nicely furnished sunny room; reasonable.
099 McALLISTEIi~FURNIsifED OR UN-
"A- furnished housekeeping rooms. .
. j.jim,, suei)..' ! .
O(*rr minna, cor. eighth— newly fur-
y" % nlshed bay-window rooms: »1 per week.
• ->« Utiun m rot,. ■".''
"1 r.OQI MISSION— SUNNY' FRONT ROOMS;
X.*J^U\t cow furniture; bath: $6 to $7. --» ■--
I 7 O(il- -MISSION,— FRONT ROOM FUR-
-1 I £.')<* nlshed foroneor two; bath; laundry; $&
><uiiiii;i Street.
(\1 1 1 ATOM A — FURNISHED i FRONT
U 1 1 8 room.
\~ >■!<■ Street. • ;■ ■ . ■;
©1 c UITE PARLORS: separate kit-
*jl %J. chen and range; sink; bath; garden. 123
f>oe st. ■- - . '
Olive Avenue.
1 "I A OLIVE AYE., NR. ELLIS AND O'FAR-
■I-I.'' rell— furnished room, $5: German family.
'■•5^ Fine Street.
f\ni PINE — ROOMS 56 UP; RUNNING
U— 1 water: gas; sunny; quiet: gentlemen only.
. . ; 1*»1K Street.' _~i>'£; £;.;
l-Lil^ rOLK— UNFURNISHED OR PARTLY
J-*±'3<J furnished front and back par.ors. .
run »tre»:.
9O r POST— ELEGANT ROOMS; MOST CEN-
-* OO tral; all convenience's; elevator.
7 1 O POST, Ml. JONKS— ELEGANTLY' KUR-
• X O nlshed front room; all conveniences.
1 9 I P. PO-T- SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
XZilu parlor suite and single room; gentlemen
only: board optional.
I'owell Street.
"I O POWELL— NEWLY FURNISHED, SUN-
xO ny, from $2 Der week upward. ■ '• ■ •
Bincoii Hill.
INCON HILL — N ICE SUNNY ROOMS;
XX grand vie* bay: with or without board: pri-
vate French family: references required. R. A.,
box 22, this office. " : ' . ■ ."; t
£ixili street.
00 SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS: NEW FIRK-
-00 proof building; all conveniences: quiet.
1 Oft SIXTH— NICK SUNNY ROOMS, SINGLE
-LVJO or double: clean; quiet: $5 up.
1 -)= SIXTH — CHh..\PKST IN THE CITY;
J ~O pleasant sunny front rooms.
Meveuion Street.
f\A 9 STEVENSON. BET. SEVENTH AND
vil— Eighth— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath- central.
Turk Street.
CIO TURK-SUNNY ROOM: FOLDING BED,
"TO grate, gag, bath; also single, $6: $10.
Twenty-fourth Street.
907/* TWENTY-FOURTH — SMALL FUR-
--O I \J uished room, suitable for lady; inquue
store. ...
Valencia Street.
lAim VALENCIA- 2 UXFURMIED RMS;
i \J 1 \)-> -matted 1 front, nack parlor: hath: $10.
BOAKIJINO AM) I'.OOMS..
7 9'^PlNe"— THOROUGH LY RENOVATED
i._- «J and refurnished; elegant suite* and singles:
superior board ; references exchanged. MRS.
HUTCIIIN-aON. Proprietress. ■ -.- --.
71 9 Post —SUNNY ROOMS: sUITABLK
• X — • for 2; excellent board: $20; parlor; piano.
_>«_>Q9 218T ST.. COR GUERKERO— NEWLY
OOt7_ii turnisned rooms: board: private family.
OHO VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN.
CVfO ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
OThLBKItTLLNO, 714 BUSH ST.— A FA M-
lly hotel; references given and required: all
modern run venl«**'rpt.
' IHILUIth.N BOAKDKD.
/CHILDREN TO BOARD: A MOTHER'S CARE.
V. 1 11% Grand aye., near Tenth and Mission sts.
T 7 ! >I LD TO BOARD; TERMS MODERATE.
V I 110 Austin st.. off Polk. • ■
.I'Olt-S 'iv l.tl.
o~^L^r^^?EAT?^r^TrAcics^iTr7?~^A^^
horseshoeing shop. 1103 Mis-don at., cor.
Seventh: central location. ' - '
MALL SI-ORE FOR BARBER OK SHOE-
C* shop across from depot. 212 'i'ownsend st.
TORE AND LIVING (4) ROOMS; WILL
alter to suit. 613 Post st. '
•)£. STOKE. 3 ROOM : LJGHT CELLAR.
— .U. 11-8 Howard st. nea. Seventh. .
Ql X 10071*, .LARKIN 'ST.. COR. POST:
i£)lO. new; living-room. Ap. KELLY, 102 Kddy.
L'» > X RENT— STOKE- AND ATTACHED
1 residences; $15 and $20. Inquire a: SiSU Moiit-
comery nve.. near Pacific
BICYCLES.
Q/J TRIBUNE TANDKmTaTm7js7nTTw7*HO;
O\J Imperial. !»S0: Fowler. $50. • VIS BROS.
Bicycle Department, 25 Geary st.
Hi>.li-GRAIJK 2D-HANI) WHEKLS *26 L P;
sundries helow cos:. - 216 Mr All
' OK !)ALK 7 MISC'Et,LAXK()Us.
1, RESH COW; RICH MlLkTi« TOX7aftrSt
X gen i.e. 1812 Folsom .it.
I? OR SALK— 2 'YOUXC; : PARROTS; GOOD
J' talkers. 924 Harrison at.
"JERSEY COW, IX CALF; GOOD MI_KEH,
O Corner Seventeenth st. aDd Poirero aye.
EL KG ANT NEW WHITE HEWING MA-
chine at a sacrifice. 7 City hall aye. • ■'■
TANDEM FOR »ALE CHEAP: NEARLY
new. EDKRAGNESS, 624 Post st. • '
WILL SELL GREAT I>ANE DOG CHEAP.
429 Minna st.
ICTUKE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IX.
-I 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16^
20c; 14x17. 26c: 16x20. 30c: 18x2-, Ssc; 20x
24. 45c; 22x28 l v.. 60c JONEs, 647 Mission st.
ARS, SHOWCASES. COUNTERS, SHELV-
!■> ing, etc- nought and .old. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
AT A BARGAIN— 6O SAMPLES RATTAN
chairs, rockers, etc.: alto a few line baby
carriages for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
RATTAN CO., 61 First St., near Mission. .
Bo I L E RS.ENGINES.2D-H AND MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mclntosh<- Wolpman. 137. Beale.
ONE SMALL .MEDIUM. AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 100-111 Market st.
ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST
-L> W. 8. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st.
pOl-'FEE' MILL. SCALES, LKTTKR PRKS-.
Bland desk, mono.- till. Kafe. rhean 1»v Clhv.
' bKVVINti MACHINES.
A LL 7 KI.NDH BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANOKO.
/\ r«Mi'««l .rewired: lowest rwt"< 20 Fourth
MUSICAL INSTKUaiiiNTS.
GAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO ' THK
fart that we are selling good-toned second-
band plnaos for $3, $4 and. $5 per month; beauti-
ful new uprights for $6, $7. $9 and $10 per
month; no cash payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright piano*
from us have the privilege of exchanging mine for
a stem way any time within 3 years' from date
without sacrifice SHKRM»N, CLAY & co.
representatives of stein way <& Sons' pianos, cor.'
Kiuriiy and Sutter sis.. Sun Francisco; also Oak-
land, Cal. ; Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash.
ACTUALLY THe! BKBT BARGAINS IN P£.
-V anos; see our list for this week: piano- on $3
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $16, 920 monthly pay-
ments; flue stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in Uw city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert toners. ■ The F. ,W. SPENCEU CO.,
salesrooms 935 Market su, opp. Mason. ■
N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND SEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers: no-
body can offer better terms and prices: remember
ours Is the oldest and largest music-bouse west or
Chicago: call or write. KOULKII _. CHASE, 23
O'Farrell St., San Fran.-lsco. ...
ARE CHANCE: DON'T LET IT SLIP: AN
elegant Hard man piano at about -price;
only 2 months In use; call and see it and we will
tell you why such a bargain is offered. THE J
DEWING COMPANY, second floor. Flood build-
in?, :l ourth and Market sts. : .--
RICES TALK! AN ELEGANT NEW UP-
X right piano, stool, cover, delivery, tuning,
9159 50; new solid oak and walnut organs, $47 60.
J. HARRY SCOTT. 626 Hayes st. ..;,.,
WEBER UPRIGHT: $l«U. DECKEK & SON
"* upright. 9250, gocd as new. ■ The Zeno Mau-
vais Music Company, 769 Market su
LEGANT EMf.RSON, FIRST-CLASS CON-
dltlon. at sacrifice. E. W. LICK. 116 -McAllister.
iClld ■ UPRIGHT. COVER, STOOL; $5
«rllU. lnsu: cos: $300.. 221 Leavenworth.
I.MNK UPRIGHT PIANO, $110: SQUAiti., $30.
■T STATHAM & CO.. 106 McAlllxter st.
DOLLAR A WEjtK ON RENT CONTRACT
bays new piano. 136 Ellis st. ,
di. I fin ROSEWOOD CASE UPRIGHT
»|PIUU. piano: perfect. BOWK US & 50N,23 6th
ALLKT . A DAVIS AT. SACRIFICE.
SCHMITZ, 18McAlllater.next Hlbernla Bank.
USUAL BRUKNN PIANOS RECEIVED
highest award Mechanics' Fair. 228 Post «U
AGNIFiCENT UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van New
XT' CUAIHiER, SOLK AGENT tOki. llAUltf
'» .* Davis and Francis Baron pianos, 406 sac/to
YKON rMA L'_V, - SO_ POST : ST.-SOHMKtt,
Ne. wby it Evans. Biicn nnd other pianos. '
OUPKRIOIt VIOLINS. ZITHERhToLDA-VEW
OH. MULLKR.' maker. rfiialrer. -' I-itham Dltc*.
":■",'■ I PHYSICIANS. .^ • <V' t -V "*' ;
YSit.: a : c. o'DOXNKLlTi _(^market\"co£
JL/ Golden Gwte *ye. ; diseases of women a apecia.lt/.
rKHßo>*Ai,s.
E~ASTERN "FA RM E R^AG 'iK 1 83. H A S SOME
money, wan:s to make acquaintance of widow,
between 30 and 40. who owns a farm, with a view
to matrimony. Address A. E., box 70. Call Ofhce.'
ADY WOULD LIKE EMBROIDERY FOR
the holiaar.s; tea ■ cloths and platted cloths.
Address I. G. K. C . box 2¥, Call Office.
fpHti RAGE-BEAUTIFUL AND SEMI-CLAS-
'X sj£ <Carmela" composition for piano; all music
stores. . ' ■ ' - - .
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
meut: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents. ...
T"THK PEOPLi-'S UAfc I>OLLAK AIEIJiCAt.
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished tor $1; call or write. 1029V3 Maricet £,
bet. sixth and Seventh, ban Francisco, Cat
T>AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. SALE:
J V.a:so chenille-wove ruijrs. Bilk-rat; portieres: deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth »_. Oakland. Cal.
DOPIION~COLORfc;DBABY;FKOM|BIRTH.
Address F., box 11, Call Office, Oakln:id.
PECIaL SALE LADIES' CLOAKS AND
suits— Ladles' jackets. *2 50 np; capes $1:50
up; suits $8 up. M. BARRY, rooms 44,45.46.
14 McAllister st. . >
IF YOU YOUR HAIR DRESSED AT MY
parlors you can teke off your hat at the theater
with a feeling of . perfect certainty that you are
"correct' '; *-Qnlnonla" Hair Tonic 3sc a bottle. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton St. ;
I>VICE I'KKE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty, private; no charge unless successful; all
litw suits, claims, collection?, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to. G. W. llOWlS,ntty-at-law. 850 Markets,
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chlne; uses the kinetoscope films; price $-50.
BACIttALUPI. 946 Market st.
ME. KOLA.NI), -TEACHER OF FRENCH
i>X language. 785 Market St., room 15.
JN. BRITTATN. 20 OiSAKV ST., FOR FINE
. watch repairing and Jewelry work; low
prices: first-class work. ; ■ .
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice tree aud confidential.
J. G. JEFFRK?S, 402 Montgomery st., room 18.
\\'lf.L JKNNIE R. HAMBEItTON~OF OAK-
'» land please'call at the Northern Pacific Rail-
way otlice, 638 Market St., S. F. -
PAINTING, PA PEKING, TINTING AND
X whitening: cheapest place for good wor*. 1200
Webster st., cor. Eddy; telephone Steiner 235: ■
AU'MNtiTON'S SCHOOL OF.MAUAZINS
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evenlu?
ciaases: Instructor*. J. 11. E. Par:in?ton, <,'erirud_
Portlngton.lt. L. Partlngton. Particulars 421 Pine.
O TO 608 THIRD: CHEAP PAINTING.
■paperlns, whileuing and plastering: estimates
given fur all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
QUPERFLUOU'I HAIR PERMANENTLY RK-
-0 moved by elec rolysls. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2115 Bmh, below Fill in ore: hrs, 2 to 3, ex. Th & sa.
tJl.'-M-.- CLEANED. x-RKSSEI),. $1; itEI'AIKS
dyeing done. 26 Montgomery, r. 14: tfl.red 2374.
RI;F. FoSlEß's DANCING SCHOOL RE-
- moved to Mozart Hall, 1358 Market su : waltz <&
reverse guaranteed; private or class: terms reduced'
■YV ATCHKS, DIAMON US, JEWELRY OF ALL
" kinds at reduced price.*: mus: move: building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st.
■pUPTURK ANiJ PILKS CURED: Nu PAY
IV until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS-
FIELD & PORTERFIELD. 838 Market st.
1 (\l\l\ CARDS, $1 60: SHOW CARUS. 16c:
IUUU tel. black 141. HILL. ,'_ Geary, rm. «9.
CLOAKS, FURS AN SUITS RETAILED AT
wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sao some st.
URN KIT'S CORN CURE— SURE Cl'Kh FOX
corns, bunions, warts: 2ftc 327 Montgomery.
rpRO.NKS Dt-.LIVERKI) _IcT BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 67.
A LL FACIAL b'LEMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
iv hair, moles, freckles. sc»rs. eta. removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 22- Turn, nr. Leavenwortn.
"IJIG OUTDOOR STI.RtoPTICON SHOW KVJS-
JL> ry night cor. Jfarket and Sixth ats. : artistic - 1-
Ttrtlcements in living light; promoters of but*
ess. Consult uW<L ADV. CO.. 1140 Market »_.
LECTKIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM i
Winchester House, 44 Third at., near Market:
'.DO rooms, V6c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $8 pec
week: free ! bus and fcaßuajro to and from me terry.
1 IKt-KAI. AKVASChS ON l'l AAION iJ.->. JU..V- '
XJ »lry. etc ; lowest rates. U4S Market at. }
LDGOLD. SILVER, <;ents~"and lad i
clothtn. bouzh-' COL.MAN. 41 'in. cor. Je.-nis.
ju_:ii»!s3iAKi:ns.
STYLISH SUITS FROM $3 UP; SKIR!S7Sc
k> up: fit guaranteed. . 559V_ Stevenson s;.
:•■■ j ■'■■ tt EDIt.VTIOJiAL. . ,
TTKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 I'OSl 1
J.JL St.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages. Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc.; 20
1 teachers: 15.000 graduates; catalogue.
YRKS 1 , ' Till. " LKAUISU COLLKGK. 3-1
Montc^mery St.: individual instruction in
shorthand, typinc. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
) He scholarship $50: low rate* pet week and mo. i
Mi-. MEIiVJLLE-SNYDEK, 715 POST ST.: j
vocal mimic, ■ plum*, elocution, - practical !
Shakespearian and 'general dramatic- acting a spe- '
ciaity:, vocal classes ModCVi 8 p. M.; $1. ■
V'OICK, PHYSICAL. CUL'iUKE AND l-.LO-
V tutlon; latest and best methods. MRS. CAL-
HOUN.S9IS California st. - •■ >-
IIOOKKEEPISu THOROUGHLY IN (3 WEEKS
■I' or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
1 Alt K, room 572, P. rrott Emporium building.
STI HL'H SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college, 723 Market at; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere: day aud night.
. KLASCO'o LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTINO—
1» Private ther.trirals arranged: pupils reneaM*! !
on nage. K. 5 and I'-'. 1. O. O. F. blm-k. 7th and Mk'. ]
SCHOOL CIVIL, MINING, Alii, \
O .chanical' niKinofrinit, surveylna, arciiit»ctiir»- I
BEsay:estar_ '64. VAN NAILL.KN. 72.H Mat.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessom, $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
SING I N ; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French.German languages mo. 109Ta.vlor,r7.
IiOOKKJ'.NUr WUIT.NU ARll 11A1TC. UKAMiI
XJ clay A- m.-hi: noola»sp<: $5 month. 845 MrlSlQ i
IJKOJ-'. LOUIS MERKI; VIOUN, MANDOLIN,
niitir, cornet, reasonable, »25 (,pnrv .nr. PowtC
CLAIKVOYANTS.
J ME? Dlt. THOMAS; SCIEATI KIc Rel
l'l vealer by e?gs and cards: tells entire lite,
past, present, future: consultation* on all affairs;
nothing exempted ; names given; good advice; sure !
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im- \
possible: letter* answered. 9.9 Post st., nr. Larkln. |
\«MF_ PORTER^ WONDERFUL CLaIRVOY-
-I*l an;, card -render,' born with a ooub'o veil and j
second sight; ladles !>oc. genu #1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 f.O. 126 Turk st., ur. Jones, i
/'ITA N A , TH f.irsv Q X KN, BTU R X ST. ;
" * truthful predictions: tellable advice; no mat-
ter what troubles you have, come, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
\* ME. SCHMIDT. L'LAIKVUIAM', TKLu-
i'J pas'. ] resent and future: success to ail: tor-
tunes by mall: low rrlees. Bf>6 .Mission at.
').«' MCALLISTER — MRS. cT~J. MEYER.
O__U test ilrcle every evening: 10c; Tuesday and
Friday. 2 p. m.. business sittings. ■
MX. HAJtKISON; CLAIIIV 1 I ; c.-wtl>
reader; formerly Taylor su IG9a Powell su,
room 16-17. ;; ;
LAIKVOYANT: CARD- READING; FEE
50c: satisfaction given. 114 Turk st. ■
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFI-. KLUK.NTIiY:
business advice; names given: We up 6 Fourth
LULL TEST TO ALL- WHO COMB THIS
J week. L-AXDER, medium". 1007 Market st,
ME. LEOEiTE — PRE^ENI, PAST AND |
future; 25c; one price.. 311 Tenama, upstairs.
ISS MELVINA, CLAIRAVOYANT PlC-
ture; future husband or wife. 766V2 Howard.
M E. MOREAU, BEST F(»RTUN E-TJ«.LI,ER
and medium In cltv; fee -.cup. 764 Howard sb
VI MX. UANSKN.'PALMIST. C A 1: 1»- HEADER;
I'J pas:, present and future; 25& 148 6th St.. r. 6.
&VIME. HtiPK, CARD-RKADEB, PALMIST;
ii dreams inter] reted. Room 2, 12 Mason su
YPirY~LIF.K-KEADfc.lt. KtMOVKD FROM 4
seventh to 4 Twelfths-: ladles -sc:«onta 500.
ME. PEAitL. MAGNETIC HEALER; EOYP
-*1 tian cards: charms. 223 Post at., room 2.
MX. SYBILLE TELL-* FROM CRADLK TO
grave: pictures elven:ludles 25c: 914 o'Farrell.
KIT UAL ISM. ..
MME. K. "YO ING'S CELEBRATED II E R B
medicines for kidney, liver. and. all female
troubles; also her reliable -air res oratlves and
toilet articles, at 605 McAllister st.: diagnosis free
4 to 6 p. m.; sittings dully; test circles Tuesday,
'Ihur.. bat. and Sun. evenings, 10c; tel. Jessie 1101.
rpEST TO-NIGHT, 10.: 335 MC-
X Al ister; -- Stitt. Clemens, others; skeptics in-
vited. ... : : ; ■ /r.;. ,-'■ ■■ ■ .■• ; -■..-;
RS.HISNDEE ROGERS: GRAND TEST CIR-
-1»1 cle to-night:' sittings daily. 108 oak st. 1 ■
RS. ELLIS. M KDIUM, SI1T1N((S. 9 TO 8. 9~T-
circles Toes.. Fn., 2 P. M., 25c. 1824 Market st.
RS. , SHRIN KB, TRANCE MEDIUM: SlT-
j'i tines dally. $1 : circle Suu. eve. 311 Van Ness.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT Sl.ATK-
.writer. 118 H.'licht >t. : hours 9 until 6p. v.
■.'.-'. ASTROLOGY. rTT~T
4 STRAL SEE R^- PROF" HOLM EsTI fTfTH^
x\ rooms 12-13: horoacopes: qu"stlon<: advice.
- • ■' • >-Uyi'>*UXlS3l. » * -''■..
H"^YP^OTI^M^cTKNTi^C^rLLT^^
-1 1 success Lrtd. IlypnoticMtsmericlns.6 o'Farrell
.: j ' TYS>J_'%VlllTl_ltS.' '■■•.-:'.i I , ■-
GENTS SMITH • PREMIER: ALSO RENT
and sell all kinds of .typewriters. L. 4 51. AL-
EXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery at., write for
circular." '. ,"V ■ -' ' <" "
REMINGTON, $40; SMITH, $50; SEND FOR
sample work. - SCO'rTAB AX X a N. 33: . Montg'y
• FKOFESSIONAL • CARDS. : .' ■/ \ r -l
OHX .THticil ARDS^ LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
_ 5 and 27, Crocker . building; * telephone Mam
75, Kan Francisco. Cal. . ;
UIIK K. AITKKN. AND MAURICE C ASHER.
ally ah. law, rcus 510,5 10, 6Ui floor, I'arrott oldi.
CITY KKAL ESTATE, '^^^ ';J
MCA-fKh. ■ EKOTIIKKS, •
' real estate brokers ' -
.V . r ■ ■ . - ■ AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 montgomery ST.
:(J_9rVA/\ -WALLER ST., NEAR GOLDEN
«IP«i *\J\J\J. Gate Park; '/5x14«: street macad-
amized and sewered; any reasonable otter consid-
ered. • • . . '
<J_QXfIA Mcallistkr ST., NEAR PAR-
tJpOiJUv. ker aye.; modern residence of 5
rooms, bath, eta; brick foundation; macadamized
street; cement sidcwulK: lot .5x97. :■:.-.:. -
Gil O (\r\f\ NE " CORNER ON BEALE ST.:
<pi.O.UUI/.' 4-B. ory building renting for $170
per mcn:h: street work done; a good Investment;
lot -15.x 137 6. ' .
ffi|CAA COR - 2 » TH AYE. AND A ST.: 75x
«J*O\JV/. 125; level and ready to build on; a
bargain.
fljQPlfk EACH— 3 LOTS ON 12TH AYE., NR.
<JPO»JU Clement St.; _u.\l_o each: street mac-
adamized and sewered.
MCAFEE BROTHER?,
._ .. 108 Montcomery st. ;
MALL HOMES; NEAR CARS; $10 PER MO.
O THE MCCARTHY CO.. 643 Market st.
QOL GETZ <fc BRO., B-lALJESTATE OWNERS,
. O Room A, first floor. Crocker Building.'
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS'. .
RICHMOND LOTS AT VERY LOW PRICES.
Never beforo were such bargains offered.
Q]A|) 50 ' 3250-LOTB FOR BUILDING:
«Ir A"", no eroding; near Misslon-_t. and ban
Mateo car lines; only $5 monthly payments. ;
«&7' TO $750 ■*- LOT.-5 NEA X ELECTRIC
«_) I O. enr lines: Golden Gate Park; new col-
leges; splendid view of oceau, music stand; $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
Call for maps and diagrams.
.../,-> . SOL GKTZ & BRO.,
Room A, first floor, Crocker Building.
WILL IiUILD COTTAGES. HOUSES OR
■•■ fiats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call uud exam-
lne plans. DAN EINSTKIN. Builder. 630 Market.
MU&T BE SOLD: MARK OFFER; NEW SUN-
ny, corner, hardwood-finish house;' Gee owner
to-day. 3447 Clay at.
EE TH. HE HtitSKS; PACIFIC HEIGHTS:
O _ new houses: all modern improvements;
Dgh:ed by electricity or cas: will bell cheap: tine
marine view; conservatory. Flllmore and Qreen.
Apply BOVEE. TOY & 3ONTAG, 30 Montgomery.
IBSTA-VriAL MODKKN HIH'SKS BUILT;
O $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and seep'an.s. 1 149 Ali-isiou.
(1- 1 l\l\(\ COTTA'.K 3 ROOMS IN iIEK-
tjTIUUU. keley: iot40xl»0: $15 monthly.
JIOOO-Corner 1*00x101); if so down: $15 monthly
$400- Lot 40x12i): ..ft down: $"-'5 monthly.
»500— Half acre hill land: *10 monthly.
(HAS, a. IIAII.KV 'JO Montgomery at.
COUNTRY KEAIi ' ESTATE.
MALL STOCK AND'cuTcKEN RANCH OF
0 160 acres; 40 in cultivation: balance pasture;
fair, house, barn, etc.: small vlne-ard and or-
chard: 1 mile from school, postotllce. store and
station; 4 from town; $1000 cash. D. H. TWING,
Sonoma City.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
0 pamphlet of California lands for sale by U.
FRANCIS, rooms 69-70-71. Chronicle building,
San Francisco. CaL
rpo LEASE— 2UO ACRES GOOD LKVKL LAND,
X Woodside, 4 miles from Redwood City: new
house. Apply L. ALTSCH l : L, 3-0 Clay st., S. F.
1, OR SALE-SMALL ARiTnKAR THE
I Oakland and san Leacdro Electric Railroad.
DRIVER. A BER & CO.. San i.eandro.
rpO LET— OHCHARI> OF 1H ACRES 8 YEARS
1 X old at Siege, in Alta I'uma Trurt, for sale cheap.
G. W. 11 A1GHT. '220 Sansom-- St.. San Francisco.
rpo RENT— 26 ACRES OF BOTTOM LA.ND,
; X all in apricots, peaches and prunes; never over-
j flows; 5 minutes walk from poslofnce and depot
of Oakdalp, Cal. ; 6-room house and barn. Address
■ A. V. STKWAKD. Oakdale, or F. L. TURPIN,
Royal House, san Francisco. -
ITTLK HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN; 13i7
J proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
en 8 auil 10 years' credit. D. H. TWtSQ, Sonoma
itv: «>v«>rv Monday at 632 >i:irk.e; St.. S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
©1 AH f\f\(\ AT LOWEST RATES; ~ CITY
«ID l \J\J.\J\J\J and Oakland realty; Ire insur-
ance; estates in probate, undivided; stocks, etc •
any sum. SIIAI.WVALI), BCCKBEE _s CO.,
218---0 Montgomery st.
A UVAXCiW ' ON DIAMONDS. WAI'CHK.-S,
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without rd-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWh.i.lllT
fcTORE. SM3 Market st. : open evenings.
A LWAY.S ON TOP FOR LIBEItAL AD-
-V vatices at low interest; call nnd be convinced.
Cut-rate Loan Ofhce. rm. 7, Flood bids. 809 Market
"l oW K.I : $6 MO-NTHLY INTEREST ON
Xj eacli $1000: same rate 2d morighce. or across
bay, or life insurance policies, col.v, box _, Call.
*->»>."^ t\f\'l AT BANK KATES; IST AND
t£*JJ*O.\f\J\J ad mortgage*, »'states. rents, etc. :
lend as low as 50. 11. MURPHY. G2S .Market st.
ONL.Y LOANKU O.V JtWiiLRV ANU
ii other vaioablea at tne Eecarlt7 Loan Ofilcc
.:ct>-larketit,.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 ____
1 kIKtCT VJi VUUI . fukxiturj. or piano:
XJ do removal: codelayi:. no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68. I>-noha9 bids. 1170 Market ii.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. _1» or _U MOKTUAUK.I
XV (rGtatM, undivided interests, real estate la ua»-
taio. McCOL(iAX, 24 MoiitjoDrr/, room i.
N~ FURNITURE AND -PIANOS:- XO RE-
moval; low interest; private parts-. 219 Powell.
I.NY AMOUNT: LOWEST KATE: IST <fc 21)
J\ mortgage: flat or installment. Dryden. 535 Cal.
C'tlTY REAL IiSIATK:AI)VANC!I'.S ON RENTS
/pianos, lurnlture. bPECK «t CO.. 60- Market.
\ \ IJVA NCES ON DI AMOS \V KLl'. X. _'I\J
£l t'oiutn!;\ \*i*r. \ •'otlnt«" - <«! <irt<o» » i.r^>>- ■■'■•
I'AVV.NBKOKtKS. . [■
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFF
clothing. fomvopo'linn > own O flip". 49'IMnl.
FINANCIAL. ~~~
lOANS AND DISCOUNTsT^YLTAI7rsTL<>
J MoN, 32H Montgomery st., room 222. ■ '
DI I \l\ i\(\l\ TO LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
i <IPJ-V/V>.\»lJ\7 Apply rm2-2. ctil.^afe H*p.B'.rtg.
' 51K1J1CAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
-V from lrri'cn'arltiPs and diseases peculiar to
; their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls: jierfectlv harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make - them
well; travelers helped immediately; prices to suit
the limes: home. In coutlnemenu Dlt. ■& MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister su. next Hlbernla Bank;
consult frre; French regulating pink pills, $.;
hours from 9 a. v. to 5 p. if. and 7 to 9 p. v. •
LL CASfc.S OF IRKEGULARITIES RE-
stored at once; aafe and sure relief guaran-
teed travelers helped without delay; borne in
confinement: regular physician - of long and buc-
cesHful practice; medical electricity and sate reme-
dies -or all female complaints: ladles call and
stale your case bet re being treated elsewhere;
you will save time and expense: consultation free.
MRS. Dlt. WYETIi. 916 Post St., near l*rkln.
EsOLUiKLY HAKMLESS— THE GREAT
female regulator; Dr. Joubin's French Cap-
sules are safe and sure: no ■ temale should
be without them; no danger or after effects;
they also act as a preventive; a guaranteed cure
for Irregularities: price $1 60; sent free by mall 7
on receipt of price: temale specialist in attend-
ance. Address E. DA VEGA, 23Ktarny st., rooms
6 and 7, s. F. ' '-, ', - -
ANEW PROCKSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used; cv ry woman
herown physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; can
be sen', and used at home; al cases 'guaranteed.
DR. POPPEK and MRS. DRS. NAIL, both spe-
clalists. alB Ke-rny st. ■
ITS! Li.T'S FRENCH CAPSULES. A
XJ guaranteed absolute cure tor all female irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safe*
and sure; no danger or after effects; taken in tim», '
It also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., ban Francisco.
B. GOODWIN makes a specialty OP
diseases 'of women and restores all cases of
I irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cur.- or
no charge; separate home for patients; best, sktll;
low fees: regulator $'-. 904, McAllister st.
A Y FEMALE PILLS RELIEVE ALL
female troubles in 3 days. price $2; Mayella
Tablets prevent all female diseases and Irregulari-
ties, price $1. Write for circular to Woman's Drug
Co., Station K. -an Francisco. Cal. • *. ■ ■ ,
Ml-.T:.nl'i>i.lT.\\ DISPENSARY, 1073 V»
Market it.. San Francisco— We treat all dis-
eases of men, women aud children; consultation
by mall $1. . - - -
fflje i\f\ PAID FOR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
<j!UV/v/ of feat ale complaints or diseases of the
eyo: home In confinement.; .'.consultation free,
at MRS. DR. SCOTT'S, 513 Jones 8«~ -:. - • <
R. HERWIG. 716 (J'FARRELL: COMFORT-
abIe strictly private home before and during
confinement; best of care aim medical attendance:
20 y ears' prat. Heal experience: term* reasonable.
SURE CURK t'Oli > ALL. Fr.MALK I»lS-
eases, from whatever cause: home lc confine-
men:; every comfort; satisfaction < guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.UWYER, _:__ Turk s:.
O.N'T FAIL TO CONSULT 1)U. JOKDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 80 years'
snccesBful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the went cases treated satisfaeiorlly by mall. ■ -
LPKAU'S FRENCH ;, FILLS— A f.O )N TO
ladies tronbled with Irregularities: "no danger:
safe and sure: (2 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
on til too late. OSOOOD UPS.. Oakland. CaL
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 f.lghthst., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY Fk.mALK DI-EASE
mIIIKIiii. ri'KTZ and be content. -54i,<, 4th.
. I R. UALL, 14 McALUSTEU STREET; NEAtt'
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.. 5 ;-.
RS. DUS. DONOVAN,. I3OB FOLSOM ST.;
■ confliiempnt: terms ri-asonablp. •
.."■>'. ':' ..,-.■:- 'l'O i.I.A^K. -.">'./ .v:._';^;
TMm^RKS-fl^^KA^.^^yA^\^voT~s£ '.
JT cor. Polk and -Jackson - sts.: tent $50 per
mouth. Address J. *■■ 4-» tsausome au, a, if.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Pro 1 . FOR FITCH BURU!
'10-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
iRIENDS OUT ON THK FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEANDRO AND V
. .HAYWARDS LOCAL. v
Pee Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT BTOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK IS THE PLACE. . FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON - ../'
' THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAIN B FROM FERRY,
tOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
FITCHBURO STATION IN '
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. ' 1:
Atameda, Berkeley and Frultvale trains slneed
by the Fitchburi: scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes. .'•
-If you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in fc'UCh-
burg. :  ,
Fitchbur? Is the most promising snbnrb on th 9
direct line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements In the vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
lreipht by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels oa
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roads
' leading to it. are !ncon:estible proofs. It is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wlda
streets, traded and raveled, and ornamented with
■ uvetiut) trees, cypress hedsr».-s aud evergreen _ro vei.
NOW IS THE IIMI-: TO BUY.
For a home while cheap: for speculation on a
rising market; for a turn be first for investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lota in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the on.-aireei trucu In
an Inaccessible hay field.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street;, double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deferr-U payments in easy installments;
.title perfect. ; ' •
W. F. McCLURR/13 Monteomeryst- S. F.
THAD. S. FlTCH, Fltchbu re.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
y\ ka h DIAMONDS BY I'.MIiOMZJM) H
'» HCHI LLll A AH, ftirn:lur.'-d«-aUT. llth.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ATjAMKDA IIKAL ESTATE.
AN KXCKPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
investment of a small capital In Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new 6- room cottages in n first -class locality : mid-
way, between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block of business street and electtic
railway: artesian well: gat-engine and mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused. For
further particular* address A. K. DEN 1503
■Seventh St.. Alamefla. Cat.
ALAaiEDA FUKMT-iKK FOR SALE.
"LINE CARPETS AND FURNITURE~~OF
r most desirable 8-room house, near two depots,
are offered at private sale. Call 10 to 12 a. m,2 to
4p. if., 1428 Beaton st., Alameda, Morton m-
tion. No dealers; nous '1 can be rented by tespon-
slbli* pMr' _J
liJillKKLliV REAL ESTATE.
GjTtlxa NEW HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS~: COR~-
<(_3X I OKI. ner lot 50x110: only 10 minutes'
walk from university grounds. , ■.
Sl.'OO— Nearly new house of 5 rooms; lot 45x
110; near station. JOS. J. MASON, Real Kst&te,
■BerH.-jt-v station. •- " •- - ■':.->- -^
mnticyiifv HOUSES. *\
fpHAT BEAUTIFUL HOME IN BtKKELEY
-I of 11! rooms and bath la now ready for a tenant;
newly painted and paper"d throughout: 10 acre*
of ground; large orchard: any variety cf lio-.veri
and lovely lawn; price $30, worth $60. Apply
A. J. VIIKK & CO.. 467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
PROPERTY IO EXCIIANUE.
inn iiA»cH^r.r.l..Trj..r^i(» to wo,^
1W 100 business places from $50 to 20,000
What have you to offpr.
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Marker, opp. Sth
LOTS OR LAND TO BE 1' ON BRYAN. AD-
dress F.. box 70, '.his ollice.
OKND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTEIt A WHITTON. San Jose.
TIMHKR— I.BOACPwKS; KKRN CO.; PLENTY
J water: excellent stock much. N.. box It}. Cal'.
UENTISTS.
RTTrrTnrA^rz^3?rßTc~r7o^rpXtN^^^
crown Worn, bridge «-ct» and teeth without
plates a specialty. 3a6 Sutler, XX. cor. Stockton.
<n* 7 FULL SKT OF I'KKTH WORTH $16:
«Tp 4 . warranted 5 yt-ers: extraction free; fillings
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
L>ULL SET OF 'IEKTII, S7, WARRANTED:
P filling 60c. crowns $3- DR. BROWN, -'iy_ 3d.
THIRST- CLASS DENTISTRY OR MONEY
X 1 back: installment plan ; established 1"_ years.
OlHce cor. sixth »nd Mission, over I X L store.
CIOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 80b' MAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
I^7 A SKT FOR TKEIH- WAI. RANTED AS
tj l I good as can be made; filling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS KXTKACI lON, f>Oc; CROWN
X bridge work a specl««ltv: plates $5 up: 13yeara'
experience. K. I- WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when I
plates are made: old pint is made over like new:
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 5Uc: gas given.
SKT Or THE I'll .WITHOUT APL All.. DR.
0 H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st.
Dlt. J. J.L-KK, 12UB MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate av»*.; open evenings: Sundays till noon.
CMtOOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists: painless
extracting, with gas. $1: plates. $5 up: fill. SI up,
DX UKOItUK W. LEEK, THE GKNUINit
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st
yiRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIHST-ULAS.H
-T prices: tirst-cla«s results: painless extraction;
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDINO.M.D.. 000 Sutter
A LL -WORK TO SUIT TjMES; WARRANTED.
ADR 11EA, 1370 Market St., iroct City Halt
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TILS
jTA. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LOST. ~ "
1 OST— OIiXmOIS. PURSE. CONTAINING 6
J J diamond rings, pair diamond screw ear-rings,
diamond brooch and latchkey, between Stockton
and Kearuy, batter and Geary. Suitable reward
for return to 101 L., Grant aye., loom 21.
lOST — GOLD BADUk, "PUKSK.STED TO
J CASPAR ELLEXBERGKR from Santa
Cruz Turner's Festival." Liberal reward for Its
return to 1019 Florida st.
TRAYED A WAY OCT. 30. FRENCH WHITE
0 poodle, answering to name of "'Tony." Finder
will please return to 1616 Ediiy: receive reward.
©E REWARD-BUNCH OF 6 RAILROAD
VffO keys. Return to Third and Townsend st.
depot. ■ ;.':■
GROCERY ORD_R-iJOoK, NOVISM-
ber3. Return 348 Third s:.; reward.
"1 O?>T— BLACK AND :1 AN BITCH; STRAP
XJ on; reward at 103 Mason st.
I -LACK POINTER; (TRAY BREAST; LI-
• > cense 998. Return to KOHN BROS., 252 First
St.: reward. -...■•
OST— WHITE SPITZ DOG: LICENSE 197.
J Return to 1007 Cough; reward.
1 OST— OCT. 31, 2 ■COWS; LARGE BLACK
X-i an'! speckled rcan: return or send word to
O. MoI.E.M a. Tenth avc. »nd 1 St., south S. F.
.. THE FEENCH BOY.
He Seems Childish Compared With His
English and American Cousin.
Our boys do not take the social polish
until much later. I have heard Amei>
cans express surprise at the childishness
of bis: boys .. whom they saw playing at
marbles or with tops at an age when their
boys play football. It is because these
boys allow themselves to be watched, re-
strained and reprimanded by timid
mothers much longer than theirs, ana the
boys themselves are not generally inclined
to .the daring undertakings thar tempt
young Americans. Their affection for
Robinson Crusoe" is Very Platonic; they
do not long to run away to sea, nor even
to get on the roof to learn their lesson*,
like a little fellow I .met in the country
out West while visitine his parents, and
who, when I expressed my surprise at his
perch, said, "Well, if I slip, I can, hold on
to the chimney by my legs!" , '
' And saying this he made tha gesture of
clasping the Dig chimney between his bare
and extremely short legs, more scratched
than words can tell, under* their short
knickerbocKers. . Our boys are evidently
girlish in comparison. - .
On the other hand a French youth of 18
is stupefied on making the acquaintance of
English or American youths ut':his age to
meet with something that ; seems to him
another kind of childishness; 1 mean that
boyishness which, up to a certain point,
lasts for life in all Anglo-Saxons. He
finds himself much more of a man/ because
he really has a greater 'intellectual fund,
more general information, a more highly
developed sj critical sense, a \ riper i mind
already; much ■:• refined^,'and: quite enfran-
chised from the simple instruction given
at the lycee.—l'h.Bentzon in the Century. ;
i BIRTHS—MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
rßlrth, Bn«rr!are ana death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. •= They mus be handed In a*.
either or the publication offices and be in lorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the earns published.]
BOKX.
Marsh— In this city. October 12, 1893, to ttaa
wife of Lou! 1 E. Marsh, a sou.
NELSON- In this city. October 19, 1896. toths
wife of Em 11 G. Nelson, a son.
REARDON-In this city. October 31, 1893, to the
wile of Jonn M. P.earJon. adamliter. 1 -
MAKI-I_l>.
BECKER— WALDECK-In this city. October 31.
1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendellu?. Henry Bicker
and Mrs. i-.iisa WaUleck.
ARMSTRONG-In this city. October 30.
1393, by the Rev. J. Fuendellug, Georsja Croco
and Alice Armstrong.
CUKTIS-PAYOT-CURTIS-In this city.Novem-
ber 4. 1893. Jonathan Curtis and Mrs. Joiepa-
. me l ayot-Curds. . , .
DONALD-ON— SPRAGUE— In this city", October
-9, 1896, by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Frank
Donaldson and Ethel C. &pr<tgue, both or san
Francisco.
RANDHAHN— In this city, Octo-
ber 31, IS9'J by the Rev. J. Fuetidelmg. Chris-
. :orh Michaelis anl Mrs. Ca:harina Kaudhabn.
NEVILLE— GRAY— In this city, November 2.
I*9B. by the Uev. Dr. E. R. Dlile, Presley M.
Neville Jr. and Dora Gray, both of P:nole, Con-
tra Costa County, Cal. -
PICHET— MAXWELL— In this city. November
3.1893. by the .lie v. .Dr.. W. W. Case, Joseph
Plchet and A. E. C. Maxwell, both or &an Fran-
cisco.
PU VOGEL— BEXXIXG— In this city. October 29,
IH9J, by the Rev. J. H. ."•.cliroeder, John l'uvogel
and Henrietta llennlng. . \ ,
REIMERS— WINTER-In this cltr. October SI.
189ti. by the Rev. J. H. -Schroeder, George Reim-
en and Louise A. Winter.
SCHNKIDEWIND— MOORE— In this city, Octo-
ber 30, Ut9d, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Henry
J. Scuueidewind and Amanda Moore.
WALLIS— VAUGHN— In this ' city, October 81,
189*5, by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Thomas H.
Wa ana Elizabeth Vaughn, both or San Fran-
i cisco. . ... ■ .-. -. ;
.'.. ■ . DIED.
Barry, William Jakobson, John
Blake, Mrs. Elizabeth Kilkenny, J. J.
Brown, Sophia T. Miller, ueorgo
Chase, Mary J. Peyre, Leon
Duruln. Lena Pierce, Francis E.
Fairchlld. Mary A. Buggies. llOiina I.
Flyun, iiargaret teitce, Theoaor
Fox. Jon n ' Schaefer. Harold H.
Gillen, Matthew t-'p'ck, i-rank
Hellrich. Sophie Sullivan, Mary A.
Hose, Walter Webster, Williams. :
Woodward. Charier J.
BARRY— in this city. November I. IBM, William
Barry, a nativa or Ross, the parish of Drumcollo-
ker. County Limerick, Irelaud, a*eJ 70yea».
Friend.i and acquaintance* are resoecV
fully invited to attend the tuneral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:SO O'clocK a. m., from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to st. Patrick's Churcu for services. In-
terment Holy Crass Cemevcry, by 10: iii train.
BLAKE— In this city. November 3. 1898, Mrs.
Elizabeth Blake, beloved wire or the late George
BiHKe. mother of Edward P. Smith of Mexico
and sister of Mrs. L. A. LyrorJ, a native of Dan-
ville, Vt.. aged 67 years and 3 months. '
SEVEN PINES ClRCLE— Officers and members
of Seven Flues Circle No. 3, Ludies 01 the uraad
Army of the Republic, are earnestly requested to
attend the funeral or your late sliter, _4i_auetn
S. Blake, TO-_Ot'.RO\V (Friday), at 1 :30 o'clock
P. M., from N. S. (ft W. liall, Mason street, above
Geary. By order of • «
-?f. ■'-*; ■:■_.;>: PAULINE WILLIS, PresUent. •
BROWN— In Alameda. Cal., November 3. 1896,
Sophia T., beloved wife of Edgar Brown and
mother of Frank, Arthur «nd Herbert Eugene
Bro.vn of Folsom, Cat., a native of su Louis,
Mo . aged 33 years, 3 month.-* and 13 days.
&_TFrlend!i ana acquaintances ar« reaptot-
fully invited to attend tbe iuneral THIS DAY
(Thursday), a. 2 o'clock v. it., from the par-
lors of Halsted _ Co., 946 Mission knk
CHASE— In this city, November 4.1838. Mary
Josephine, beloved wi> ■ of Win field Sco:t Chase,
a native of Melbourne, Australia.
arg-Tha funeral will taice mace TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her lat»
residence, 837 Castro street; thence to Sl. James
Churcn, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. interment private, Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. '
DUREIN— In Alameda, November 3. 1896. Lena,
beloved wife of .William Dureinand mother of
Mrs. E. Doualiu>' and Kate Dureiii, a native of
Germany, aged it years !»mon'.in and 2 days.
js_ri'riend* and Mqaalataaoaa are rfspeat-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Thursday;, at -2 o'clock p.m.,
at her late residence, corner Pacific avenue and
Webster strrec, Alame-a. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
FAIRCHILD— In this city. November 3, 1893.
Mary A., belove l wife of G. W. Fairchild, and
mother of John R. Fairclilld and Mrs. F. S. Rod-
ger->, a native of Philadelphia, P^nu., aged 7-
year*. 7 months and 18 days. . . , -. ,
tfS" Friends and acquaintances »r» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at _ o'clock p. m.. from the rest-
dence o. Mrs. F. 8. Rcdgers. 722 Powell street,
thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery, whew the re-
mains will De lncinera:ea. ...
FLYNN— In this city, November 2, IS9I. Mar-
caret Fiynn, a native of Ireland, aged 65 yean.
FOX— In this city. November 4, 189t}, John Fox,
a native of Ireland, agea 45 .renn.
GILLEN— In this city, November 2, Vi?l, Mat-
tin- Gillen, a native of JrumuO, aged 68 years.
nELLRICII— In this cltv. November 3. 1596, So-
phie, dearly beloved Wtfa of Paul Uellrlcii and
mother of Paul and Henry Hcllricn, a native of
Germany, awl 50 veari, 6 month * and 5 days.
JE3~Fri«nds arid acquaintances aro respect-"
fully Invited to at end the tunernl i ills DaY"
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. -.uhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
HOG E— In Alameda, November 3, 1896. Waller
Hose, beloved husband ot Alicia Hoge. - ■ '
. £3~Friends are respectfully invited to attenl.
the funeral services THIS DAY (Thursday), at
11:30 o'clock a. m.. at his iat-: residence. .015
ban Antonio avenue. Alumeda. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Friends from San Fran-
cisco will take the 10:15 o'clock a. m. train to
Chestnut- street station.
JAKOBSON— In this city. November 3, 1893,
John, beloved son of Anner Jakolison, anl
brother of Axel and Emit Jakobson. a native of
Finland, aged 36 year*.
KILKENNY— A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of the soul of J. J. Kilkenny at St,
• Peter's Church. TO-MORROW (Friday), at 9
o'clock a. m., iMsfO.'e removal to the family vault.
MILLER— In this city. November 3. 183 i, George
Miller, a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
AST* Friend) and acnualntanc^i »re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the iuneral
parlors of IL C. Porter A Co.. I__ Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PEYRE— In this city, November 1. 1896, Leon
Peyre. beloved husband of Mrs. Marie Peyre and
father of Marie and brother of Celestlu and
Calixte Peyre and llin late Jeau and Kmile
Peyre, and brother-in-law of Mrs. J. Peyre,
a native of France, aged 42 years, 10 mouths
and -7 days. . • ■ .= • .'-•.
Friends and acquaintance) ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at ii o'clock P. it., from 1. O. O. F.
Hall. • • ' "• ' ..
PIERCE— In this city. November 4, 1896, at the
Presidio, Francis E. Pierce, Captain First In-
tan- ry, U. S. A , a native or New York, aged 01
years.
j^~ Notice of funeral hereatt?r.
RUGGLES— In this city. November .4, 1896, Ro-
sina L. Rusrgtes, a native of Vermont, aged 79
years and 7 days.
BCHAEFER— In this city, -November 4. I*l9B.
Harold H. Schaefer, youngest son of Charles
and Mlnnl« C i-chaefer, a native of San Fraii-
cUco. aged 2 yean 4 months and .23 days.
SEIKE— In this city, November 4, 1898. Theodor,
beloved husband of the late Charlotte Seiko, and
" father of E. T. and R. B. -<eike. Mr*. G. E. Swan,
John F. Willrnan, Mm. J. 11. Bennett and tnts
late Mrs. Emma Dodge, a native of Germany,
aged 62 yean & months and 4 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter <
SPECK— Lost on the steamer Ara;o. near Cres-
cent City. Frank Speck, brother of Mary, Lena,
Aggie and Willie Speck, a_ed 31 year*.
SULLIVAN— In this <\tr, November 2, 1896,
Mary A. Sullivan, a native of New York, agea
~ 27 years. . .
WEBSTER— In this city. November 4. 1896, Wil-
liam S.. beloved husband of Jane H. Webster,
and father of Mrs. c. Craddock, a native ot Scot-
land, aged 60 yean. -
49~Friends anl acquaintances • are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Halsted — Co., 946 Mission street,
Interment private. .. .
WOODWARD— In Alameda, November 8, 1898.
Charles J. Woodward, a native of Providence,
R. 1., ased 60 years. • ■ r
■ jtyThe funeral service? will take • place
To-MORROW (Friday,), at 12:30 o'clock p.m..
at his late residence. 1 18 . Lafayette .tree;,
Alameda, Cal. Interment, private, . Mountain
lew Cemetery, Oakland.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING Asso-
ciation — Tne regular monthly requiem high
mais for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated in
St. Dominic's Church. Bush. and Steiuer streets,
THIS DAY' (Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. v.
Friends are invited to attend. ' ' " " . ,
' McAVOY _ CAJ-LACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRKCTORS & EMBALM :
< SO Fifth St.; Opp. Lincoln School. - ',
Telephone 3080.
Jas. McMKNnMKyT™^^™"^7'HAS^JcM I Kxo3ir?n
■ JAMES MoSIENO3IEIi & SON,
trNl>K-t'rAK_KS AND EMBAL,MJrJRS, I
1U57 Mission Street, Near seveiun, ■
-■■*-' ---■ -Telephone No. 3354. . ; ■/■-■■,:■ ■,:..';; I
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
San; mateo COUNTY: NEAREST CEMM.
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sens* ox-
elusive; location ■ unexcelled. - OtUc* W7 lltft*
•uvec, uouilieasi coxu«r at sum* ■
1314
CARICATURED ON
A CLOTH SCREEN
Woman Suffragists Are
Grossly Ridiculed by
the "Chronicle."
Advice Io Voters to Oppose the
Sixth Amendment Fre
ceded.
LADIES WERE MUCH AMAZED
And Indignant Over the Unexpected
Course ot a Paper in Which
Some Had Trusted.
"There is not a California woman who
respects herself who will permit the
Chronicle to be brought into tier home
again."
The speaker vra3 Miss Susan B. An
thony. She had a good reason for making
the foregoing statement. Miss Anthony
has devoted many years to the cause of
woman suffrage. Kesolute in purpose,
despite her many years she has during
the past few weeks toured California up
and down, cast and west, riding on stages
and cars, campaigning in the open air and
in halls and from car platforms. She has,
in fact, devoted eight months continu
ously, with other ladies prominent in tbe
National organization, to working zeal
ously for the woman-suffrage cause.
Two weeks ngo- yes, one week ago — the
ladies connected with the National organ
ization felt confident, from letters, inter
views and from personal observations
made during their journeyings through
tne State, that the outcome of the election
would be the investment of the women of
the State with the ballot. They had
counted on the friendly attitude of the
daily papers which have subscribers in
thousands of homes, and were especially
encouraged by the strong position taken
by The Call in favor of the cause of
woman suffrage, to which ft has consist
ently and steuilily adhered, and particu
larly by the action of the Republican
btate Central Committee.
The surprise of the thousands of ladies
enlisted in the cause can hardly be imag
ined when on Monday of the present week
and again on Tuesday, the repetition show
ing that the Chronicle had adopted that
course deliberately, there appeared in
large and conspicuous black type in the
Chronicle advice to all voters to oppose
the sixth amendment to the constitution.
"Vote no" said the Chronicle on Monday
ami agtiin on Tuesday, and this advice
was scattered about the State as much as
the circulation of the paper would permit,
so that all the harm j\ras done that the
Chronicle was capable of doing.
The ladies took the matter much to
heart. So did their brothers, fathers and
husbands and friends generally. Hardly
had the edition of the Chronicle of Mon
day been passed from hand to hand at the
breakfast tables and commented upon in
offices and other places of business when
an indignation meeting was under way in
every place where woman suffragists re
side. The publication on Tuesday in
creased this indignation very perceptibly
and had a disastrous effect upon the cir
culation of the offensive sheet. For many
hours the business office had all it could
do marking up "stops" on the subscrip
tion list Ladies visited the Chronicle
office and gave their address and left no
question remaining in the minds of the
business office force concerning their mo
tive. They explained clearly and with
emphasis that they could no longer patron
ize or encourage a paper which would take
such a course.
But this was not all. When the stereop
ticon man who threw pictures on a screen
in front of the Chronicle office Tuesday
night, while the Chronicle was waiting to
get out some figures concerning the elec
tion, got in his work, there was supplied
to him from the Chronicle office a par
ticularly malicious "slide" upon which
every woman who favors woman suffrage,
and also every voter who believes in giv
ing the vote to women, was held up to
ridicule before a crowd of large size. This
slide represented a virago of Amazonian
proportions menacing a very small and
woe-begone man with a stick or club. Un
derneath the picture, as it appeared on
the screen were the words, "This is the
kind of man who votes for woman suf
frage."
The intent was plain. The purpose of
the Chronicle was to make it appear that
the ladies were engaged in bulldozing
voters, and when this news was spread the
resentment of the ladies increased. Theso
facts furnish the reason for Miss Susan B.
Anthony's utterance.
"There is not a California woman who
respects herself who will permit the
Chronicle to be brought into her home
again."
Miss Anthony had heard about the car
icature with wnich the Cironicle, at the
close of a campaign hard fought by tbe
woman suffragists, had seen tit to add
gratuitous insult to gratuitous injury, and
she seemed to be fairly amazed, for that
was the first insult that had been offered
to the ladies. The public manner in
which it was offered only emphasized tbe
intent back of it.
Rev. Anna Shaw was not less outspoken
than Miss Anthony. "I consider that the
action of tne Chronicle," said Miss Shaw,
MEW TO-DAT.
COVERED
; WITH
HUMOR
"When I was thirteen years old I began to hava
•ore eyes and ears, and from my ears a humor
spread. I doctored with five different skilful
doctor,, but they did me no good. -.My disease
waa . " ema - By mit time ithad gone ail over
my head, face, and body. Nobody thought I
would live, and would not have but for Cuticcka
Rkmedie3.^ I used four boxes of Cdticuba,
of r£l S™ 0111 " BoAP.and three bottles
of Cuticcra Hesolyent. My hair all came ont \
at that time bnt now it is so thick I can hardly
Miaa IIiEA^QUAifDEL, Clayton N. V
_ Sold throughout the world. Price," CnTicr«**W«.,
Boap. Isc, Kcsolyekt. loc. and «i Po™'dm«
*™C««- Cokt.. Sole Prop... u£t!n. "'* DkDO
i ■»- •• How to Cure Ertrj Bkla Humor," nulled frw.
deliberately and after due thought, "was,
to say the least, contemptible. The
Chronicle not only marked the ballot
which il printed so that voters might be
persuaded to vote acainst the sixth
amendment, but also urged the voters on
the day of election to oppose it. That was
done at a time which loft us no chance to
counteract its influence."
This is tke opinion of one of the bright
est of women and one oi the best informed
of woman suffragists.
"The hope we have in this State," Miss
Shaw continued, "is that the constitu
tional amendment will be immediately
resubmitted and then the movement may
be carried to victory in the next two
years."
Miss Anthony said also that the woman
snffrage work will not be suspended, but
will go on with vigor. "We have had a
magnificent and dignified campaign in
this State. The work has developed some
splendid, practical women who will labor
for the cause. A committee will be ap
pointed to go to Sacramento during the
session of the Legislature and prepare
resolutions to be submitted once more.
Tiiere are now woman suffrage clubi in
most of the precincts throughout the
State, and they will devote two years to
systematic work amonc the voters."
Even such dastardly work as the
Chronicle has been guilty of will not dis
courage the ladies, as these interviews
show plainly.
Miss Anthony and Miss Shaw were not I
alone yesterday by any means in con
demning the Clfronicle's course. One '
lady, who is noted as one of the most ac
tive and effective of the leaders, said:
"The women of California will remem
ber the Chronicle. Those who are true
and loyal to the cause, after what has hap
pened, will cease to patronize it in any
way. On the other hand The Cam, took
up woman suffrage early, when it was less
popular in the State, and on election day
It gave us a tine editorial, which we
especially noticed. Tlie women of Cali
fornia should rally as one woman to stand
by the paper that has stood by them."
This evening a reception will be held
by the Woman Suffragists in Golden (jate
Hall. To-day the annual convention of
the State Woman Suffrage Association
will come together in Golden Gate Hall,
the first session being held at 2:30 p. m.
Two sessions will also be held to-morrow,
at 10 a. M. and 2:30 p. m. The headquar
ters of the delegates will be at the Berk
shire Hotel. The action of the Chronicle
has created so much resentment that it
may come up for difceussion by resolution.
POISONED BY MORPHINE.
Edward Durrell Thought He
Was Swallowing a Dose
of Antipyrine.
Ke Blames a Drug Clerk for the Mis
take, but the Latter Indig
nantly Denies It.
Edward Durrell, a painter living at 605
Pine street, was taker, to the Receiving
Hospital last night suffering lrom mor
phine poisoning.
He said he was suffering from a head
ache, and went to Simpson's drugstore,
603 Montgomery street. He asked the
clerK to give him a dose of antipyrine.
The clerk gave him a dose and he swal
lowed it. He had not walked far when he
began to feel queer. He returned to the
store and told the clerk he was not feeling
well. The clerk asked him if he bad swal
lowed the stufF he gave him, and receiv
ing a reply in the affirmative the clerk
told him it was morphine, and rang for
the patrol wagon.
Dr. Stice applied the usual remedies
and Durrell was soon pronounced out ol
danger.
The drug clerk, who refused to give his
name, denied that Durrell got any med
icine whatever from him.
"The man came into the store," he said,
"about 6:30 o'clock. He told me he was
not feeling well and I advised him to go
to the Receiving Hospital. He appeared
to be suffering from nicotine poij-oning.
He said be would go to the hospital and
I rang for the patrol wagon.
"The man was only once in the store. It
is not true that he asked me for anti
pyrine or anything else. He got nothing
from me, and I cannot understand why
he should make such a statement, as it is
not true. I don't want to have my name
mentioned, as I had nothing to do with
the man except to do him a kindness by
ringing lor the patrol wagon."
Odd Fellow*' Hall.
An evangelist, Mr. Davenrx>rt, will lecture
in Odd Fellows' Hall next Sunday night with
free admission upon the "Second Coming of
Our LorJ. " He stetes that he takes up no col
ltction nnd does uot ask for money in Bin
way, expenses being paid by those who send
him.
Mme. Zcislcr, the Celebrated Pianiste, Arrives Here.
rnmn. 11l . e 7h aB h ie loomfield Zeislcr, the famous pianiste, arrived here last night, ac
companied by her brother. Signor Bloonifield, and is at the California They made
no stop anywhere this side of Chicago. The madam, is to appear here for two nights
and two matinees, opening at Metropolitan Temple Tuesday evening •
She has a high forehead, almost raven-black ; hair, dark eyes and a pleasant ex.
pressive way of talking The lady said she would be in California in aU .bout two
and San' So" 8 . ? " BaCrament0 > Oakian * Fresno, San Jos*, Los Angeles
"As to my music," said she, "I will leave the people to judge. I hear the neonla
here are very appreciative of what is K ood-wbat you call warm-and I am gfad if
this, i like warm audiences nnd can always do my best before then,
< l^i«H nte Th re We mCt different trains - from which we soon learned that McKinlev
was elected. The passengers wore cheering, and much interest was taknn tj\>T •
t^new. , This helped to while away otherwise dull period" ii£ ££*£;%£
Mme.Zeisler has brought her own piano and tuner with her. She is one of the
most celebrated woman pianists in the world.. Only one or two can rank with her
Mme. Sophie Mentur might, and possibly Mme. Lip'S but M«e*Zel,Jr is tIS
greatest of American pianistes.. She studied in Vienna with Paderewkr. teacher
She has. Nad brilliant success in Germany and elsewhere in Europe. She has also
played with great success in l ea din e cities of America. • This is her first visit to San
i. 1 rflnciscu*
THE SAN FKAJSTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1896.
DEMOCRATS CLING
TO THEIR HOPES
Cheerful Under the Most
Discouraging Cir
cumstances.
California Claimed for Bryan,
"With Indiana and Michi
gan Doubtful."
ALFORD AND TROY HOLD OUT.
Governor Budd and J J. Dwyer Not
So Conn" lent— Governor Smith
Giv s His Views.
was a more buoyant feeling
■among the Bryan men at the Democratic
l^-'tate campaign headquarters in ttie Cali
iornia Hotel last night. Many of them
appeared to think that Mr. Bryan had a
chance to till the Presidential chair, not
wiibstanding the discouraging reports
thftt were received by the newspapers.
The figures of Senator Jones of the
Democratic National Committee, by which
he convinced himself that Mr. Bryan had
a fighting chance, seemed to impress the
Democrats, Silverites and Populists of
California to a degree beyond the under
standing of ordinary mortals.
Relying on Senator Jones' statistic?.
Chairman Alford of the Democratic State
Campaign Committee declined to express
an opinion in regard to the causes that
tended to the defeat of Mr. Bryan. He
said he bad to be fully convinced of Mr.
McKinley's election before he would be
willing to discuss the causes that led up to
such a result.
R. P. Troy, secretary of the committee,
said:
We would like to have the public under
stand thut we do not concede California to
McKinley. On the contrary, we believe that
it nas gone for Bryan by 7000 plurality. It
Rrytin has carried Indiana and Michigan, as
we have reßsou to believe, notwithstanding
the reports first sent over the wires, witn the
help of Caliiornia he will win. That is why
we are feeling so hopeful to-night.
Hon. J. J. Dwyer, California's represen
tative on the Democratic iSational Com
mittee, also felt that there was still a
slight hope for Mr. Bryan, though he ad
mitted that the prospect was not so bright
as he could wisii. He was willing to dis
cuss the matter on the hypothesis that the
sage of Canton is elected. Mr. Dwyer
s-aiil :
If Mr. Bryan is defeated it is due to a num
ber of causes. In the first place it is too much
to expect a great and radical change in the
financial views of the people to be accom
plished in a campaign of three months.
The Republicans were just as enthusiastic
for John C. Fremont in 185G as the Democrats
have been lor Bryan this time. The Republi
cans were defeated as completely as the Demo
-1 crais are said to be now, yet four years later
: they swept thecountrv.
I expect history to repeat Itself, and that
with Bryan as the standard-bearer four years
hence the Democrats will cirry the day as the
Republicans did with Lincoin.
The array of forces opposed to Mr. Bryan
j was the most formldabc this generation has
seen. The aggregated wealth of the country
and the enormous influence of most of the
great newspapers that were formerly consid
ered Democratic had to be met No doubt iour
years from now the places ot huch journals
will bs supplied by newspapers that are gen
j uinely Democratic.
The tide in favor of the Republicans coming
| from the result of the last election had to be
stemmed. The nard times were against Mr.
Bryan. Then he suffered from ihe odium oi
being compelled to criticize his own party ad
ministration as at present carried on, which
was undeniably a heavy load of itself.
In view of all the circumstances the general
result of the campnien ha« sa i«fied me that
the Democratic party was all right on all the
principal issues, and that no mistake whs
i:iade In choosing Mr. Bryan as tne standard
t besrer.
With any other nominee we would not have
done half so well. No other man in the Demo
cratic party compares with Bryan in intel
lectual power, stalv»artne»s of character, cour
age, or that magnetism «vithout which a man
who relies on agitation as his only weapon to
accomplish a great reform cannot succeed.
Jn the history of this country there has been
nobody to compare with Mr. Bryan as a popu-
I lar agitator and lender, except Wendell
j Phillips and William Lloyd Garrison, and Mr
Bryan seems to combine the best and strongest
qualities oi both.
I look to see Mr. Bryan the candidate of the
Democratic party four years hence, and I con
fidently expect his election at that time, with
75 per cent of the American people behind
him.
Hon. Robert B. Smith, Governor-elect
of Montana, who remained in California
to work for Mr. Bryan because he felt that
his vote was not needed in Montana to
secure his own success, was gratified to
learn that he was 20,000 ahead of his most
— —^ ' ' ' ' .NEW TO-PAT— PRY- GOODS? .V _ „ *% : * - • •
"••'■ : "-' i: " '^'^^L*- '^j' : '» : : ::; ¥ : ".-/- : ' t J^ - ".J..: . -_. ; /■ " J
{AFTER THE BATTLE^
I '" ' : : : : : '" \{- : -'■:'''''' ■': i :-.: : '.- ' ■■■: 4&U \ ■ |I,mk Wm
* HERE'S SUCCESS TO THE VICTORS, and gentlemen we fully expect you i
$ to keep sacred the promises made to the public and that the dawn of better i
times is breaking:. May best good come to greatest numbers, and prosperity |
* and happiness shine brightly on all. And now we turn to our daily story of i
% ■ ■' ' ' ' ' '' ' ' ' '*
{DRY GOODS and BARGAINS j
| A THREE DAYS' CWTIMAME OF UNPARALLELED SELLING IN j
| |
«^ ■ '.'■' • ■-'>."■'•' ■''■■ ,'^^ ;'■•'';'-'. — ■ 2
C - . . . ■ .. .._.,-■ ' : ::^-- ■-. -■:.-.,-:?.. ..■.-.'... i,
J& ®®®®®<£<s)®®®®<SXs!(s)(^ 2
I PRICES PUNCTURED IN DRESS GOODS. LACE CURTAINS AND DOMESTICS. *
£* SPECIAL BLACK SERGE-All Of O|C A SPECIAL PURCHASE OF BLACK DOLLAR LACE CURTAINS, Notllng- nee WHITE BLANKETS— A good big ©0.05 *
JtS our 35-inch all-wool French ail SATIN DUCHESS, *2» Inches wide. I7Z.C hum patterns, most acceptable styles. Ii) heavy blanket, not all wool, but €&" -
£? Merge, In black only. To-day... . lard enarantet-d all pure silk and test dye, _ I« J To-day Pair worth at least S3 50. To-day... Pair $"
*> • aslV!s grade, l o-day Yard
r- NOTTINGHAM LACE CU.HTAINS, 3% QCC ■£
♦^ NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3V3 QCC «
*Z7 BLACK NOVKI.TY SUITING— yards long. An exceptional value to- OO ■ . .'...- _£
All of our 45c Black figured OUR DOLLAR STRIPE SILK, to be da/ at Pair FIjAXNEn FTTES An „_.._. d«- - r -
-gr . Mohair Suiting, full 37 Inches OP.C closed out special to day, cloud bacic QnC 5. sirable oualltv "not the thin 5 A
t wide, the very newest design*. OO . effects, a splendid .quality, all popu- -OO „....„.„. .. , ._„„__,_ A 1 VTa A/n :^ J : r , kind Ousae t'o-dav at YMd -
4^- To-day Yard lar coloriugs. . Our price to-day ........ Yard NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 4 Q1.45 kind. Ou sale to-day at. Yam
•- . * ■ ' yards by 68 Inches, In white or ecru, tjpi f
£^. V.;*^;*',> i ■."..'". ■'"• ' •'.'• -- To-day on sale...'  - Pair ' C
f: BLACK MOIIAIR FANCIES-A BLACK SATIN^rLUXOR^3, asl 25 - - - — — ---■ '■'-"■■'- ' *
*7* 441nch Black Figured Molia'r /TCC gra.ie, '23% inches wide; we guaran- rrrC REGULAR 85 NOTTINGHAM LACE <!> Q. 25 WHITE BEDSPREADS, 75x81 /7CC i
£ faulting, bright lustrous • O tee this all pure silk and the best dye. lO CURTAINS, 3% yards long. On sale Inches. The dollar kind to-day it) -
•«|«r _ a vep- gweh .' i l !s' ?**?**" _}r^ - - H't*!' -'T I-"" _•• Yard to-iay at........;.. * Pair lor Each £
I Furnishing Goods for Man, Woman or Child. A CLOAK STORE UNEXCELLED. I
4* — : '.■'■•.'; 1 4
«■£• GE S I WOOL MIXKD UNDER- m CHILDREN'S BLACK COTTON noSE, OUR GREAT $3 SKIRT, black figured ' I LADIES' BLACK OR NAVY '
& WKAH, gray merino, heavy rfl a heavy, narrow-ribbed lii h-SDlieed all aca, rustle percaline llntd, velvet BLUE BOUCLE JACKETS, ■?■
r* quality, silk boun  good value V 'C stocking, double knee and toes, sizes 1 O2C bound, 5 yards wide, its merits are £• Q.OO double-breas;ed loose front, 4 '--t
7jc '10-dny the line at Garment 6to 10. A wonderful value for to- J-U3 quality of workmanship and appear- <JpO large buttaus, pleated back; this c.OO 4"
«;. da y P«l* auce -when worn, cur price Each is a regular 97 BO jacket, s ze*«JpO '
<p" :■ • ;•;•':- ■ - ; \ 32 to 44. Our price Each. J«
t-, GENTS' AUSTRALIAN WOOL rHIinBFV"! WTAPk' PARHMFnf LADIES' TAN JACKEI S, buttons high . , ;
*%? MIXED UNDERWEAR, a H<S- narrow rfbbd ■ doubll kr£>« O-C to the neck, " llaid velvet collar. 4 <2>A.6R . 4
», heavy soft-finished garment. in £QC "£• £"£ and i«i£ values fO m 20 large button,, sizes 33 to 40, bought tft)4 LADIES BOUCLE CAPES, In •;
<^r natural gray and c*mel'vhalr K)V 36 C to 60^ All 10-iUy 'at Pair to sell at $7 50, To-day Each black, navy or brown. silk-lined. - 4
* color, silt bound. To-day at.. .Garment m ' uouc ' ah io-aay at lair 'ihibet tur around collar and '
«g£ ■A'-f-.' * - - l - — CHILD'S BLACK AND RED CHECK- down front: this cape Is a flftrr 5O a
z; • i CHILDREN'S BLACK COTTON HOSE, REKFEH JACKETS, with cap to qu Q.OO leader at SlO, 110-inch sweep, up I :•
«£*i GENTS' ALL-WOOL UNDER- made of extra selected maco yarn, match, buttons high to the n°ck, *JpO Our price Each _£
£ .WEAR, a fine heavy silk-bound (I»"l ,OO narrow ribb-'d, high-spiced heels, OP.C sailor collar, ages 410 12. our price. tach - *
.^2. garment, in (tray or scarlet. An«Jp± double so.c and toes, sizes 6to Hy 2 . £0 (We give a cap with every $3 jacket Garments Altered and a. Satin fan C
7^ exceptional garment ._■„.„„„■ Garment _ Thegejfr^ytt^.^^.^.^^ ::. Pair like the above). tt^yFi* Guaranteed? *.
Wec.se even, even ing at //* y^ MAIL SHOPPING. J
4* We sell Jouvin Kid Gloves. /^^--///^y r 2" ■/ /^^J /^ r^ >^^": /* ... A* „ • '^"1 4
t . (uf J LJstSL^/i^Sl/ Si)/'/ Illustrated Catalogues and \
J&. w* h«v<» the he<t All- / l^^ *—^ >r ' \»r W # Samples pave the way. :
<f* we nave me oest ah- m IMrOT?Pni)ATTrn ~ - . *
«§* Wool Blanket on the.Coast. / INV,UKrUKAULU The small cost of trans-
4* ~~ *>* **mmm i l-» AH ** **1 w- s^4- CT 4- portation scarcely figures in i
4* Direct importers of Hosiery. 937 = 945 i*l3TKei Ot. the savings made. : i
4^ . : .■■••' ."■ ■ ■ 4
formidable opponent. He said he would
have been glad to spare a few of those
votea to help the National ticket in Cali
fornia. Governor Smith said:
In my opinion this election was decided on
the money question, no matter which way it
has gone. " The tariff cut a very small figure in
the fight. If the election has gone In favor of
McKinloy it has been carried by men who are
in business, who pretended to be for Bryan
while talking on the streets, but who in tne
polling booth voted for McKinley. They were
scared on account of the cry about the 50-cent
dollar hurting their business. I think their
scare was not well founded, but it had the
effect of taking them over to McKinley.
X think there were » great many of such
men who were trying to hold their allegiance
io the Democratic party in name, but who
went with the Republicans la making out
their votes.
It is apparent to me that the laboring men
of San Francisco supported McKinley loyally.
Whatever may have b°en the sentiment or
the cause that led them to take that course
there can be no dispute as to how their votes
were cast. The result speaks for itself.
When Governor Budd appeared at the
Democratic headquarters he was heartily
greeted, for it is considered by Mr. Alford,
Mr. Troy and other members of the com
mittee that the Governor's speeches in
this City had a material effect on the local
result. In proof of this they point to the
fact that the Republicans were claiming
Francisco by 10,000 majority, and the
cutting of this down to less than 500 they
attribute in great measure to the Gov
ernor's personal efforts.
A member of the committee said that D.
S. Dorn, a well-known Republican politi
cian, had expressed an opinion that if
Governor Budd had kept out of the light
in this City it would have given a plural
ity of not less than 7000 for McKinley.
It is believed that the bitter attacks on
the Governor by some of his enemies
stirred him up and caused him to make a
more active canvass than he otherwise
would have done. He spoKe as many as
three times a night on several occasions.
When asked wha^ he had to say about
the result, Governor Budd replied:
If Mr. McKinley is elected he is my President
for four years, but at the next election I am
for Mr. Bryan again, and I believe he will be a
winner.
PRAYER FOR YOUNG MEN.
General Celebration by the Christian
Association Nitl Sunday.
Next Sunday and the week following*
will be observed as the day and week of
prayer for young men by the Young
Men's Christian associations throughout
the civilized world. This day has been
set apart by tho world's committee of the
associations at Switzerland, and will De
generally observed in every country.
The day of prayer will be observed in
this City by special services at the associa
tion building, and nearly all of the pastors
have signified their intention of recogniz
ing the day by preaching special sermons
or making special reference to the day and
week, either in their morning or evening
service. A special union mass-meeting of
both ladies and gentlemen will be held at
the association auditorium at 3 o'clock
next Sunday, free to the public.
H. J. McCoy, general oecretary, will
pre-ide; Rev. Dr. Marshall of Philadel
phia, field secretary of the Presbyterian
Church, will deliver the address, and the
Moody Institute quartet of Chicago will
sing.
Special meetings will be held ev<«ry
night next week for young men exclu
sively at the Association building.
A FAMILY ROW.
James Allen, ho Old Man, Hit With a
Beer-Bottle by Hit Son.
James Allen, an old roan living at 2
Illinois street, had a family row last nipht
that resulted in the patrol wagon taking
him to the Receiving Hospital.
He was bathing one of his feet, which
was injured a few weeks a^o, when his
wife threw a bucketful of hot water over
him. He got mad and knocked her down.
ilia son, James, came to his mother's as
sistance and hit tbe old man several times
on the head with a beer-bottle. He had
an ugly cut oyer his rigbi eye dressed by
Dr. Stice. Ho arrests were made.
Three
Saving
Days
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
Oar constant effort is toward executing
orders with promptness and understand-
ing and to sell such a reliable lot of goods
at such low prices that grocery buying
with us will.be pleasurable and money
saving. A few "saving days'" specials
below:
A fresh and specially selected
assortment of Sago and Tapi-
oca— B Ibi., 25c. ;
Usine Palmer's; brand of
French Sardines— small fish,
packed in best oil and in large
tins — cts.
Vulcan Parlor Matches, 5 pack-
ages for 25 cents. Most satis-
factory matches made. .
21 Stockton St., Near Market.
Telephone Slain 5522.
BRANCH-3253 FILLMORE ST., cor. Lombard
. M. Telephone West I.V.J.
Illglffill Until Thursday, tho 1 2th inst.,
Slx-_ *3 we will sell tlle McKINLEY
fi|B|SS HEATER, worth $7, at a 50' per
j«~^ cent cut. Heats a room 12x14.
J Wffi~msF\i : Lamp Stoves fro in. 50 cents to
Pjillr JOHN F. MEYERS Til
i|ptS-k 9W Market Street,
s V:*ifcj£ KEXT DOOR TO iIALL'i
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J.ESPIC; NewYork.E.FOUQERA&CO
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. *
FINE CARPETINGS,
ELEGANT UPHOLSTERY,
RICH FURNITURE!
We are now disposing of our
stock of Fine Furniture, Carpet-
ing and Upholstery Goods at
greatly reduced prices to make
room for an entire new line.
Agents for John Crossley & Son's Eng-
lish L'arpeting3.
CHAS. M. PLUM. & CO.,
UPHOLSTERY COMPANY,
1301 TO 1307 MARKET STREET,
CORNER NINTH.
fIIEKTEUiV/?
tiMRNYSf
IS THE VERY BEST ONK TO EXAMINE
your eyas and tit them to Spectacles and 2ye»
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
who superiority has not been equaled, ily su»
cess has been due to the merlta of v/ work.
Oillce Hours— Vl to 4 r. 11.
■rang dr. HILL'S REISYICORATOR
WjgAZfea Five hundred reward lor any case we
KBm PDj mi. not cure. THIS SECRET KEM-
m~ ~ ■'■'•' (9 Kl '^' stops all losses In 24 hours,
M RSn cure s Emissions, potency, Varico-
PM Nrrn cele> (■onorrhu>:», Gleet, Fits, Btric-
WIA UUil tures,' Blood Disease and all wasting
HH i«H effects of •-'elf Abuse or .Excesses.
■HsMkSH ellt sealed. $12 jicr bottle. THREhi
BOTTLES, 55: Guaranteed to cure any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
' ' * 855 Broadway. Oakland, CaU
All private diseases quicJtly cured. Send for
free book.
tSj&VP YflM •" ° Tcrt)a I'implos, Ccrpcr-fiS
| Sail"!. lUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Soreali
I IKijccrs in Mouth, Hair-KaOlinel. Write (noiill
HChlcniro, 111., for proofs of cures. Cunlfl
a 1 "'. 5500.000. Worst cases cured in isH
«mn ■,i^ ayi '' 100-p»Ke booh. free.
~u^m^ iiiiiiHiiiinnmnTiriTiiilHEß^
"bazaar*
The Standard
Dictionary
The LATEST and positively the
GREATEST new Dictionary In
the English language.
THE MOST COSTLY LITERARY
ENTERPRISE EVER UNDER.
TAKEN IN AMERICA.
Constructed on Original Plans at
an Outlay of $960,000, elegantly
bound in full sheep with artistic
cover design.
' OUR PRICE, $10.80.
Some Late Books
BY POPULAR AUTHORS.
M h rf $S£ "5* y5: X - Crockett. ?.!ff P Pr 35i r 35
Mrs. <- lift's Yacht by Frank Stockton 1 36
he Murder of Uelicla, by Mane Corelli. l 10
1 he a- lstress of Brae Farm, by Kosa N. Carey 1 10
Sentimental Tommy, by J. M. Barrie . l 35
A Garrison Tangle, by . apt. Chas, King. .... 1 10
]>* le ,} ariif-ie, by lan Maclaren..... .r..:". 135
ihe Heart of Princess Orsa,by Anthony Hope 1 35
A Knlßht of the Nets, br Amelia Barr... IJO
The Herb Moon, by John Oliver Hobbes..... 1 10
Sir George Tressady, by Mrs. Humphry
£ Ward (2 v 015.)........ 180
•oil? X- oy , of 116 ' by Emma W01f....... . .."..". 1 10
BHI Nve'j History of England 1 10
Ihe tnder Bide of Things, by Lilian 8e11... 1 10
™*C We Be . a *. U Publications at 10 per cent dis-
count from Publishers' price. Postage prepaid.
Cooper's Leather Stocking
Tales and sea Tales. 6
T nißh volumes each...... $1 25
olillllliUtlr Macaulay's England, 5 vol IS3
: . IKllot 6 voi 190
,• . . I Irving.... 6 vol '£ 10
,,_„ ' tJlbbou's Home 5 vol 2 35
SETS .- .' Thackaray...:.. lOvo! SB5
OUIO i -, 5c0tt........ 12 vol 435
• •■• I-yrtoa ...; 13vol 450
; " : Dickens..;.". 15 vol 480
STRONG AGAIN!
New Life, New Strength, New Vigor.
THE AMHIItODISIC!
From PROFESSOR lilt. UICOKD of Par!* is the
only remedy for restoiius strength under guaran-
tee, and will bring back your lost powers an<i stop
forever the dangerous drains on your system.
They act quickly, create a healihy digestion, uure,
rich", blood, firm muscles, rueged strength,' steady
nerv«-s:nnd clear brain. Imported direct -from
Paris. . Price per box, directions inclosed, $2 50.
For sale by ail respectable druggists, ilaii orders
from any person aliall receive prompt attention.
Agents for Pacific Coas',, AVALLfcIK BROS.,
33 Grant Avenue, Sun Jb'raiieisco. .
Baja California > A
Damiana Bitters
I fa;. A POWERFUL APHKODIhiAC, AND
I J. specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both ! sexes, and a great -remedy for. diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. i A . great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits;
no long-winded testimonials n.-ce sary. -
."'■ NABEK.ALFS , & BRUXE, Agents,
, 333 ftlaik«jt St.. S. C— (Send for Circular