VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 111.
PILGRIMAGE TO THE SHRINE
Republican Ratification at
Canton of Triumphs
Achieved
BY WILLIAM M'KINLEY,
THE CKIEFTAN.
Eighty Thousand Enthusiasts In
vade the Home of the Great
Statesman.
LARGEST POLITICAL RALLY
IVER HELD IH OHIO.
Stalwarts of the Party Eloquent y
Tell of the Battle to Preserve
National Honor.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 18.— The largest
political gathering ever seen in Ohio as
sembled here to-ilay. Conservative esti
mates place the number of people on the
streets of Canton this afternoon and even
ing at more than 80,000. Eastern Ohio,
Eastern West Virginia and Western Penn
sylvania sent large delegations. The rail
ways were taxed to their utmost capacity
and every vehicle iD the county was
brought into service. The crowd was al
most twice as larjie as the organizers of the
meeting had expected, but it was orderly
and the people were well cared for.
At an early hour this morning the
people began to stream into the city, and
at 9 o'clock larze crowds had gathered
about the residence of Major McKinley.
Notwithstanding the other attractions in
the city, the i.ome of the candidate was
the center of interest and people clunc
about it till 11 o'clock at night. They
filled the yard, took possession of the
porches and peered in at the windows.
When one set of visitors left another im
mediately supplied their places.
Major McKinley had an arduous day.
In addition to the task of meeting and
talking briefly with hundreds of tne
people, he has had to thake hands with
thousands, make a dozen speeches, enter
tain a dozen guests at dinner and listen
to the music of thirty-nine brass hands.
The first delegation called at 10:30 o'clock
this morning. It came from Unity town
ship, Columbia County. J. J. Brittain of
East Palestine was the spokesman. In
response to his remarks Major McKinley
made a happy little speech, which was
received with great cheering and applause.
He said:
Some of tbe most distinguished men of the
country will present to you the political ques
tions that divide tbe parties, and I am sure
you will be glad to hear them. I only appear
that I may thank you, as I do from tbe boUom
of my heart, for your assurances of support
and good will. [Great applause.]
After Major McKinley had finished he
introduced Judge Howard Ferris of Cin
cinnati, who made a felicitous speech.
Judge U. L. Marvin of Akron also mad* a
short speech.
The next delegation was also from Co
lumbia County. Major McKinley's speech
to this delegation was also greeted with
tremendous applause.
When Major McKinley finished speak
ing he introduced Major W. W. Peabody
of Cincinnati, vice-president of the Balti
more and Ohio Southwestern Railroad,
wtio made one of the most stirring speeches
of the day. At half-past 12 o'clock the
Americas Club of Putsburg, escorting
General Hastings, marched up to the Mc-
Kinley residence. Major McKinley came
ont on the stand which had been erected
just inside the fence and overtopping it.
W. I. Mustin, president of the Americas
Club, introduced Governor Hastings, who
made a speech eulogizing Major McKinley.
In response to the greeting Major Mc-
Kinley said :
Governor Hastings, gentlemen of the Amerl
SENATOR THURSTON of Nebraska, "Who Spoke So Eloquently Yesterday at Canton, Ohio, the
Home of Major William McKinley.
The San Francisco Call.
cus Club and my fellow-citizens of Pennsylva
nia: I appreciate more than 1 can find words
to express the compliment ana honor of this
call from the citizens of another neighboring
State. I am glad to give you welcome to the
city of Canton and to my home. [Applause.]
I am glad to give welcome to the Governor of
the State of Pennsylvania, Mr. Hastings
[cheers], and If he can secure for the Republi
can National ticket as large a majority as he
secured for himself [laughter and applause]
we will be entirely satisfied here in Ohio [great
cheering], for I believe he received the largest
majority that was ever given to any candidate
for any office in the State of Pennsylvania.
[.Applause.]
I do not appear, my fellow-citizens, to make
a speech, but only to express my personal grati
fication mat the famous Americus Club of
business men who stand behind them should
have turned aside from their usual occupations
to come to our city for this great opening day
of our Republican campaign. And I want you
all to feel that I regard it as a special favor and
compliment to have you with us to-day.
[Great cheeriDg.] And I trnst that our people
will give you most generous and hospitable
welcome, as 1 am sure they will, and I wish for
all of you to return to your homes after to-day's
doings are over. [Cries of "Hurrah for Major
McKinley."]
Major McKinley had hardly finished
before the Building and Trades Council of
Columbus came up the street behind
their band. As soon as the Amerieus
Club moved away from the vicinity of the
stand the Columbus delegation took its
place. John N. Marion was spokesman.
In response to his remarks Major Mo-
Kinley said:
I have been very deeply and profoundly
touched by the message which your spokes
man brings to me as your representative,
speaking of the great building and trade oc
cupations of the Capitol City. [Applause] I
recall the four years I spent in your city and I
cherish them among the most dear and pleas
ant of my life. [Cheers.] I cannot recall
an hour during my incumbency of the office of
Governor that 1 did not have the sympathy
and encouragement and friendship of the
workingmen of the city of Columbus.
Our trouble to-day in this country is that we
have not got enough work. [Cries of "That's
right."] And all of us, no matter to what pol
itical party we have belonged in the past, are
going to vote for more employment to give the
American workingman. [Cheering and ap
plause.] We have lost a good deal of work in
the last four years and we want to get it back,
and then when we get it back— [Cries of "We
want to keep it."] Yes, we want to keep it,
and when we get it back we propose that we
shall be paid in the best dollars known to the
commercial world. [Tremendous applause.]
We do not propose to vote in favor of a money
the value of which you have got to ascertain
every morning by consulting the market
coinmn in the newspapers. [Great cheering
and laughter.] We have had no such money
as that In the past, and we do not propose to
enter on such an experiment just now. [Ap
plause and cries of "Our money is good
enough."] I thank you, my countrymen, for
this call. I appreciate the good will of the
men representing the great building trades of
the city of Columbus. I know that you will
be glad to hear from the State of Pennsylvania
and we have here on this pi tform that snlen
did Republican Governor, General Hastings.
I take pleasure in presenting him to you.
[Great applause.]
Before this delegation left Governor
Bushnell was escorted to the stand and he
was intro meedi need and made a short speech.
There was an impressive parade this
afternoon. The procession was an hour
and ten minutes in passing the reviewing
stand and it moved at a very lively pace,
NE HUNDRED YEARS AGO To-Day the Farewell Address of George Washington Was Made
Public. Few Documents Have Exerted Greater Influence on a People Than This Message From the
FATHER OF HIS COUNTRY. In the Light of To-Day Many of Its Utterances Seem Prophetic.
with no halts. Major McKinley rode at
the h ad of the parade. In the carriage
with him were Governor Bushnell of Ohio
and Senator Thurston of Nebraska. When
the head of the parade reached the Mc-
Kinley bouse Major McKinley left his
carriage and reviewed the procession.
There was another big parade in the
evening, which Major McKinley also re
viewed.
At 3:30 o'clock the speaking bepan in
the big tent. There were 20,000 people
packed into the tent and half as many
more standing about on the outside
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
In contemplating the causes which may disturb our Union, it occurs as a matter
of serious concern that any ground should have been furnished for characterizing par
ties by geographical discriminations — Northern and Southern, Atlantic and Western —
whence designing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of lo
cal interests and views. One of the expedients of party to acquire influence, within par
ticular districts, is to misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts. You can
not shield yourself too much against the jealousies and heartburnings which spring
from these misrepresentations; they tend to render alien to each other those who
ought to be bound together by fraternal affection. — Washington's Farewell Address.
waiting to get in. Governor Busbnell of
Ohio presided. "When he was introduced
by Chairman Thomas of the Stark County
committee he said:
Kince the St. Louis convention the people of
the country have not waited for the arrange
ments of their party managers, but have
opi-ned the campaign on their own account;
each stump has been the rostrum for elo
quence, and around them have gathered
crowds great and small. This meeting to-day
has been inspired by the idea of instituting a
pilgrimage to the Republican shrine. It is
Continued on Second J^tge.
TO BUILD A SWIFT
TORPEDO CATCHER
Bid of the Union Iron
Works Lowest for
the Work.
AN AWARD TO BE MADE.
CompMcated Bids tor the Navy
Department to Decide
Upon.
GREAT SPEED OF THE BOAT.
It Must Cover Thirty Knots an Hour
and Hay All the Modern
Equipments.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept. 18.— The
reception of proposals for the torpedo
boats authorized by the last session of
Congress attracted an unusual crowd of
boat-builders rrom both coasts of the
United States, including many who had
not hitherto taken an interest in Govern
ment work. Among those present in ad
dition to the naval officers attached to tbe
department bureau were Wolfe & Sewicker
of Portland, Or., and Henry T. Scott of
San Francisco.
No representatives of the Missistippi
and Missouri rivers and the Gulf of Mexico,
which Congress provides might have a
boat each, were in attendance. The bids
were opened by Assistant Judge Advocate-
General Laucheimer In the presence of
Acting Secretary Mc.Aaoo, Engineer-in-
Chief Melville, Chief Constructor Hich
born and Judge Advocate-General .^emly,
and were as follows:
Fur the 30-knot boats the Union Iron
Works, Fan Francisco, Cal., bid for one at
1217,500; l!ie Bath Iron Works, Bath, Me.,
lor two at $194,000 each, and for three at
1189,000 each, and submitted another prop
osition for two at $235,000 each.
The Herreshoff Company for one at $218,
-000 and for three at $206,000 each, and John
H. Dialogue & Son of Camden, N. J., for
one at $260,000. or two nt $255,000 each.
The Columbia Iron Works of Baltimore
offered one, two or three 20-knot boats for
$49,000 each on the department's plans and
on their own designs for the same speed
at $45,000 each. The same company asked
$79,100 for 22>i'-knot vessels.
Moran Bros. <fe Co. of Seattle, Wash.,
bid $59,840 for one 20-knot boat and
$56,928 each for three of them. They
offered to take three of the 22>£ raters at
$94,255 each.
The Bath Company bid $80,000 each for
three ol the 2'-'%- knot boats and $123,500
each for three special 25-knot vessels.
All tbe Bath bids were accompanied by
a proposition to use bronze in the con
struction of the vessels for a sJight in
crease.
The Herreshoff Company offered three
of the 20- Knot boats for $37,500 each or
one for $40,000, and they also bid for the
223^-knot vessels as low as $80,000 each.
Their 22^-knot desi n, the exact dunlicate
of the Cusning.was offered for $92,500 each,
and with certain modifications for $73,500
each.
Wolff & Sewicker of Portland, Or.,
wanted to make 20-knot boats at $45,000
for three and 22^-knots for $75,500 each.
This Modern Torpedo-Catcher "Will Be Constructed by the Union Iron Works. The Contract Price Is
$227,500, and the Speed Required Is 30 Knots an Hour,
FIERCE STORMS SWEEP UTAH
The Providence Steam Engine Company
of Rhode Inland bid $51,600 each for two
of the department's 20-knot plans and
$49 ; 650 each for three of them.
Lewis Nixon of Elizabeth, N. J., made
his own design for the little boats and
asked $69,000 for one, or $69,000 each for
two.
The Charles Hillman Ship and Engine
Company of Philadelphia asked $48,000
each for two on the department plan,
and for the same John Dialogue asked
$58,500 each.
George Lawler & Son of Boston sub
mitted their own design for the twenty
knot boats, asking $54,835 for each if three
were awarded them, or $61,500 for one.
They offered 22^ knots as low as $78,800
each for three or $83,500 for one.
Many of the companies made combina
tion proposals for two of one class and one
of another, and some bidders furnished
various designs, which will have to be
carefully examined t>y ths Bureau of En
gineers before any awards are made. It
was remarkable tuat no bids were received
except from coast builders and that so few
companies competed.
On the face of the bids from a compari
son made by the officials this afternoon it
appears certain that three 30-knot boats
can be built under the appropriation, the
Union Iron Works securing the one they
wanted and the Herreshoffs the other two,
as one yard is permitted to build no more
than three boats, and the award would
allow them only one of the smallest boats,
for which they distanced all competitors.
Wolff & Sewicker are the lowest bidders
for three 22^-knot boats and the Colum
bian Iron Works are the lowest competi
tors lor either one or two. As Lawler &
Co. of South Boston propose to make
these boats larger than the others tuis
firm is apt to get at least one.
The bids of Moran Bros., Dialogue and
Nixon are very high and not likely to en
ter into consideration. Besides the three
extremely fast boats it is expected that at
least two of the 22J^-kuot boats may be
secured out of the money appropriated.
Secretary Herbert cabled Acting Secre
tary McAdoo to go ahead and award the
contracts for the three battle-ships. For
mal contracts will therefore be entered
into to-morrow with the success ml com
petitors for one ship each — the Newport
News Company for $2,595,000, the Cramps
for $2,650,000 and the Union Iron Works
for $2,674,000.
THIETY KNOTS AN HOUR.
Great Speed One of the Requirements of
the &ew Vessel.
The Union Iron Works received the fol
lowing dispatch yesterday from Washing
ton:
. Have one torpedo-boat at two hundred and
twenty-seven thousand five hundred.
■ > h. T. Scott.
This torpedo-boat destroyer is to be built
from the plans and specifications prepared
by the Union' Iron Works. .Length on
water line, 210 feet; beam, 20 feet; draft
of water, 6 eet ; speed, SO Knots; displace
ment in commission, 273 tons.
This vessel is to be of similar type to the
Desperate class, now being built for the
British navy. It will require 5750-horse
power to obtain the speed of thirty Knots.
The Union Iron Works have secured the
ripht to build the Thornycroft boiler for
this boat, and it will be built by them at
their wurKs
This vessel will have two tubes for
launching torpedoes and a battery of six
6-pounder guns, and will carry a crew of
fifty-six men all told, and will be the first
boat of her class built in Pacific waters.
BOSINED BE MEXICANS.
Protestant Church and College Are Madly
. Wrecked.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mex., Sept. 18.— On
the ninht of the 15th inst. a mob attacked
the Presbyterian church at Aquas Calien
tes, the pastor of which is the Rev. D. H.
Sharp. The mob broke the windows and
doors with stones. Mr. Sharp's house was
also attacked.
On the 16th inst. a crowd attacked the
Morelos Protestant College in the same
city, breaking every window In it. Several
arrests have been made, and the authori
ties are anxious to identify the leaders.
Minister Ransom has also been appealed
to to use his best efforts with the Govern
ment to secure the punishment of the
offenders.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
Ogden and Vicinity Visited
by a Most Furious
Gale.
FIRE ADDS TO THE LOSS
SUSTAINED.
Flames Destroy a Big Warehouse
That Is Blown Into a
Heap of Ruins.
SMALLER BUILDINGS ARE ALSO
REDUCED TO ASHES.
Salt Lake in the Path of the Hurri
cane, Too, and Great Havoc
Is Caus.d.
OGDEN, Utah, Sept. 18.— Ogden and
vicinity have to-day been visited by a ter
rific windstorm, which began at about
noon and is still raging. There is no ac
companiment of rain or hail, but the gale
is blowing at about sixty miles an tiour.
Trees had been blown down and plate
glass fronts blown in, but no serious dam
age occurred until 8:30 o'clock this even
ing, when a large, three-story brick ware
house, 50x10 feet, belonging to Kiesel &
Co., wholesale grocers, was blown down
and the contents tired by electric wires. A
few minutes after the crash the entire out
fit was a mass of flumes, and many smaller
buijdines were completely destroyed with
it. The building is located at the foot of
Twenty-fourth street ou Wall avenue,
near the railroad yards, and is surrounded
by numerous other warehouses. The
damage and loss will exceed $100,000.
The Utah and Northern passenger,
which leaves Ogden at 8:30 o'clock, ran
into an obstruction in the shape of falling
trees and almost every pane of class in the
cars was broken out. The train returned
to Ogden for repairs.
At this hour, 11 :30, the storm is still
raging.
There were several smaller fires, but no
damage to exceed $1000.
bALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. 18.— This city
and vicinity caught a portion of the storm
which wrought havoo in Ogden, but little
damage was done here, however, beyond
the blowing down of some electric wires
and the uprooting of a few trees. In the
south the storm was more severe and tele
graph and telephone wires are, nearly all
down, so that little news can be obtained*
BETRAYED BY A SPY.
Tynan Watched by a British Agent Who
Tracked Him Abroad From New
York.
LONDON, Eng., Bept. 18.— It having be
come known here through cable dis«
patches that the New York police disa
j vowed any knowledge of the dynamite
j conspiracy having been started in New
j York, and denied that they had given any
] information to the British police that
would have led to the arrest of Tynan and
his fellow-plotters, a representative of the
United Associated Presses sought to learn
from where, outside of their regular
aeents, the police here kept so well in
formed of the movements of the conspira
tors in New York.
He was informed by a gentleman who
knows the inside facts of the case that the
doings in New York of the alleged dyna
miters were watched by Charles Heidel
berg, an ex-member of the staff of former
Superintendent of Police Byrnes. He was
in Antwerp last week, presumably in com
pany with the conspirators, but came to
England at the end of the week, and on
Sunday sailed for New York. He Is a
passenger on the American Hue steamer
St. Louis.
The authorities in Dublin are preparing
to attempt to secure the extradition of
Tynan for trial in that city for the part ha
is alleged to have taken in tbe Pucenix
Pr.rk murders.
A dispatch from Boulogne-Snr-Mer
states that Tynan has refused legal as
sistance, saying he relies upon the French.
Government for his safety.
It has been learned that the vessel on
which Tynan sailed from New York waa
bound for Mediterranean ports. She
touched at Gibraltar, where Tynan ob
tained special leave to visit part of th«
fortress.2
BRYAN TALKS AT
RICHMOND TOWN
Quite a Demonstration at
the Old Virginia
Capital.
CHEERS IN A DIM LIGHT.
Thousands Crowd the Audito
rium to See the Orator
From Nebraska.
PLEADS FOR FREE COINAGE.
Baasts cf Being the Candidate of
Three Parties, but Waives
That C aim for Votes.
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 18.— In all his
career William J. Bryan never received a
greeting so enthusiastic, so wildly demon
strative as that, given him by Richmond
to-night. Not even the reception at
Columbus and Toledo, although they
were greater by far in the attendance,
could compare in frantic excess of partsan
emotion to the manner in which tne great
audience that heard him to-night gave
him welcome, 'i'ht? candidate was whirled
away from the station to the residence of
J. Taylor Ellison, chairman of the State
Democracy, where they gave him some
thing to eat and allowed him to recover a
little from the effects of the heat.
Then he was driven to the great audito
rium of the State Expostion building. It
is said that there are 10,000 seats on the
floor, several thousand more in the gal
leries and that the capacity with every
seat occupied, every bit of aisle space
filled, is fully 13,000.
Estimates as to crowds differ widely
among those who see them, but to-nicrht
there was something by which the Audi
torium gathering might be measured, and
while few there were willing to say that
less than 18,000 people were present quite
as few would express the opinion that the
audience numbered more than 20,000.
It was late when Mr. Bryan arrived.
He blinked his eyes as he entered the big
hall from the rear of tha stage, -for all but
four jets of the electric light globes had
gone out and the first impression of one
in entering was that of semi-darkness.
And so it happened that William J. Bryan
received his most demonstrative greeting
since hi? nomination from an audience of
wbom only half cctiid hardly see his face
and figure.
The Auditorium was packed to its ut
most when the Democratic nominee ar
rived. Not another soul ccld push his
perspiring form within mr.n; ieet of an
entrance.
Mr. Bryan came on the stage leaning on
the arm of J. Taylor Ellison. He was
known in an instant. One mighty shout
went up and then grew in volume, and
kept growing until things began to get
uncomfortable with those of sensitive
ears. The applause lasted ten minutes.
Senator Daniel rose to introduce Mr.
Bryan, but at sight of his well-known
countenance the crowd went wild, wilder
even than it had when Mr. Bryan came
iipon the scene. Soon it became quiet
enough for the nominee to be , heard, bat
all through his address there were shouts
of approval, partly suppressed cheering
and much disorder that made it hard for
liis words to reach all in the halL He taid
in part:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: It
gratiiies me much to find In the capital city of
this great S'.ate so marked an evidence of the
Interest wnich people are taking in this cam
paign, ido not come to instruct on the ques
tion of finance. It would be useless to add
auytnini; to that which has already been said
by the distinguished Senator who has brought
to the investigation of the money question
that abi.ity which he carried into all his work,
a::d who adds to ability eloquence to present,
and to deiend Democracy hs it was taught by
the fathers. [Applause] To such a State rep
• 1 by John W. Daniel [applause] no
apostio of bimetallism need come to aid the
work of instruction. lam not here as a cam
paigner. I am simply passing through the
6iate, because I would never have come to
Virginia vrith auy thought that my presence
here was neces>ary to determine the vote of
this State. [Applause.]
I am the nominee of three conventions, but
I do not appeal to the voter on the ground
that I was nominated by his party. I have a
higher claim to yoursuffrage than party tk-s
can give mt. I apueal to you as tho only can
didate for tho Presidency who belitves the
American peopli- can have a financial policy
of their ovin. [Applause.] If there is a man
who respects party regularity he need not
complain of the manner of my nomination.
The Democratic convention which met at
Chicago represented the voter 3of that party
more truly than any convention which has
been held iv recent years. That convention
was regularly called by the regular authori
ties and delegates were chosen in every State
in the regular manner. Aud more than that,
the issue joined between the friends of freo
coinage and its enemies was fought out before
the people themselves, the highest tribunal
known under our form of Government. [Ap
plause.] The voter, not the bosses, ran the
Chicago convention. [Applause.] And I am
proud to be the nominee of the convention
which gave expression to the hopes, the as
piretionsof the common people of the Demo
cratic party.
But with all this claim to regularity I do not
ask a single Democrat to vote for my election
it, in his judgment, he believes that my elec
tion would injure his country. How e»n you
tell whether a man i 3 honest wnen he tells
you that the election of the Chicago ticket
would injure his country. Any man who
thinks my election would injure this country
fan prove- it in just one way, and that is by
voting ior the Republican candidate and thu's
insure my defeut. [Applause.] Don't tell us
that your conscience would permit you to vote
the Democratic ticket and then for a bolting
ticket. The Bible tells us of the man who hid
his talent in the earth and who was con
demned because he had neelected to improve
Jiiß opportunity. 1 want to say to you that the
ballot is given to the citizen as a sacred trust,
to be used according to his judgment and his
conscience, and that no man in the hour of
peril has amoral right to throw his vote away.
Why is it thai some Democrats or some peo
ple who used to be Democrats spend the day
in telling how the election of the Chicago
ticket would ruin this country , and then re
iuse to cast their votes for the only man who
can defeat the Chicago nomination? [Oncers. 1
I will tell you why. it is because they have
r.ot the courage to bear the odium of being
Republican?. [Great cheering.] We are en
paged in a great struggle, one of the greatest
struggles which the people of this country
v.ere r ver engaged in tune of peace. It is a
Kruczle U-tv.-'jt.-n| democracy on the one side
and plutocracy on the other, and there is no
middle ground for any man to stand upon.
[Loud cheering.] Those who are not for us
are against us. We would have more respect
lor them if they were honest enough to go
where they belong. [Cheers.] I believe we
shall win now. But whether we win now or
iiot we have begun a warfare against the gold
standard, which shall continue until the gold
Riandard is driven from our shores back to
Kng.and. [Cheers.] We have been opposed
to the importation of criminals and paupers
irom abroad, and we shall oppose the importa
tion cf a linancial system which is criminal
and which makes paupers wherever it goes.
The Republican platform at St. L vis de
clares not that the gold standard is good, but
that it must be maintained. How long? Un
til the American people are tired of it? No,
they are tired of it now. Until the people de
sire to get rid of it? No, they desire to pet rid
cf it now. How long? Why, we must maintain
it until foreign nations desire us to get rid of
it and will let us get rid of it. [Great cheer
ing.]
Iv this city, where Patrick Henry delivered
his famous speech which aroused the Nation
o arms, 1 am not afraid that the people will
tpermit a foreign financial control when more
than 100 jears ago your ancestors were will
ing to give their ;ives if need be to release the
colonies from foreign political control. We
are ia favor of the imratdiate restoration of
the free ana unlimited coinage of both gold
and silver at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1
without waiting for the aid or consent oi any
otlier nation. [Cheers.]
We are in favor oi It because bimetallism is
needed to give the people a sufficient volume
of standard money to keep pace with the pop
ulation and. business. The treasury reports
show a shrinkage of more than $150,000,000
in the currency of the people within the last
two years. The Republican party does not
propose any plan by which the volume of cur
rency shall be replenished from time to time
as the people need money. They simply de
sire the people to turn over our financial sys
tem to k few syndicates who can profit by tne
extremities of' the Government — extremities
which the syndicates have done more to cre
ate than any other cause.
We apply the law of supply and demand to
money. We say the value of a dollar depends
upon the number of dollars aud that you can
raise the value of a dollar by making dollars
scarce, and we charge that our opponents are
in invor of making money scarce became
they are controlled by those who want money
to be dear. If you own money you ought to
vote the Republican ticket. It you are in
favor of making money the only thing it is
debirab'.e to own aud making property the
thing that everybody wants to get rid oi, you
want to vote the Republican ticket, because
the Republican party proposes to continue the
present financial system, the object of which
is to make it more profitable to hoard money
and get the increased rise of the value of the
dollar than to put that dollar to work employ
ing labor and developing the resources of this
great country. [Cheers.]
To a representative of the United Asso
ciated Presses Mr. Bryan said to-day that
he had seen in the newspapers a copy of
Senator Alien's notification of his nomi
nation by the Populists and would prob
aoiy answer it e:irly next week. Mr. Bryan
will start for Washington at 7 o'clock to
morrow morning.
PAOLI MASNACHS ANNIERSARRI.
Pennnylvanians Will Void Commemo
rative Ljcercises.
OXFORD, Pa., Sept. 18.— The one hun
dred and nineteenth anniversary of the
massacre at Paoli will be observed to
morrow, as the correct date of the anni
versary falls this year on Sunday, Septem
ber 20. The commemorative programme
will embrace speeches, martial move
ments and patriotic exercises. Governor
Hastings and many distinguished men
from other States are expected to take part
in the ceremony.
After the battie of the Brandywine the
American army moved out of tne valley
of the Brandywine. The portion of the
army under General Anthony Wayne
was ordered by Washington to lead the
advance.
On the night of the 20th General Grey
and Colonel Musgrove, with their Hessian
forces, moved upon General Wayne's posi
tion. The Continentals were surprised,
and in the retreat were shot down with
little mercy. The Americans lost 150 killed
and wounded, while the British lost only
eight. Sentimental patriots dubbed the
tight a massacre, and so It has come down
in history. Jn 1877 a splendid Quincy
granite shaft was erected ou the spot to
commemorate the event. The remains of
fifty-three of the victims of Hessian bul
lets and bayonets sleep un.er the shaft.
GROUNDING OF THE TEXAS
A Machinist Blamed for the
Mishap by the Official
Report.
The Error Admitted Without Explana
tion—No Damage Resulted to
the Vessel.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept 18.— The
official report of Captain Glass and Chief
Engineer Moore of the Texas, of the
grounding of that vessel off Goat Island,
Newport Harbor, R. L, on the evening of
the 16lh, wa3 received this evening by j
Assistant Secretary McAdoo. It shows
that the first reports of the accident were j
somewhat exaggerated and based upon a j
wrong conception of the cause of the
grounding.
The engines were stopped as the Texas
approached the berth selected for anchor
age, and when tne port anchor was droppea
the usual signal to back whs given. The
reversing gear of the starboard engine
temporarily refused to work, and Machin
ist Hundley, in charge of the port engine,
started it at full speed ahead instead of
back, thus giving the ship an unexpected
headway, which could not be overcome
until she grounded.
Hundley -was considered a careful, com
petent man, and while admitting that he
made an error has no explanation to make
of it; he simply made a mistake. Nodam
sge whatever resulted from the mi-hap.
Mr. McAdoo will examine the reports
carefully to-morrow and later announce
the action to be taken, if any.
TESTING AN ATESHIP.
William Paul's invention Gives Promise
of Success.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 18. — WilJiam
Paul's airship, modeled after the propor
tions of an aibatross, and which the inven
tor says he can make simulate the flight
of gulls by using his body as ballast to
change the* position of the craft, was given
it.-* lirst test with dead ballast at Duue
Park, Ind., yesterday.
It covered 100 feet and settled with only
slight injury. The inventor and Chanute,
the promotor, are now satisfied that there
is no danger of the machine pitching for
ward or backward or careening sidewise,
as some aeronauts predicted. Paul will
trust bis life to a plunge off the chute this
morning if a 20-mile north wind blows.
PRIVATE BANK CLOSES.
Causes Great Consternation and Distress
■ in a Pennsylvania Town.
HOLIDAYSBURG, Pa., Sept. 18.— The
private banking-house of Gardner, Mor
row & Co., the oldest in Central Pennsyl
vania, closed its doors this morning.
Gardner, Morrow & Co. have been re
puted firm in this part of the State, and
there were many depositors. The closing
has plunged the community Into the ut
most consternation and distress.
Friends of the bankers confidently as
sert that the depositors will get dollar for
dpllar. The closing precipitated three
business failures", those of Thomas Huck
ling, clothier; H. Bunker, meat market,
and Charles lieed, grocer.
Fatal Wreck of a fay-Car.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Sept 18.— The Cin
cinnati, Hamilton and Dayton pay-car
went over the line this morning to pay off
the men. When about four miles west of
Connersville it collided with a wild engine
backing westward, derailing tne engine
and pay-car. Engineer Sweetman and
Fireman Kinsey of tne pay-train and Con
ductor House and Fireman Hughes were
killed. Five men were injured.
A Banking House Assigns.
VINTON, lowa., Sept. 18.— The banking,
house of Watson & Sons, established over
forty years, made a general assignment
this afternoon to Matt Gamsch for the
benefit of their creditors. Liabilities
$250,000; assets. $350,000. Depositors and
creditors will be paid in full. Tho assign
ment will not affect other bank's.
Toll Hate* lllotcn V//.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 18.— The five
remaining toll gates in Washington Coun
ty were blown up by dynamite last night.
No toll in now being collected on any pike
in the county.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
GREAT UPHEAVAL
IN ARMY CIRCLES
Transfers of Many Posts
Ordered by the War
Department.
AFFECTS THE PRESIDIO.
Infantry SDd Artillery Stationed
There mil Be Sent to
the South.
THE CHANGE UOT RELISHED.
Olficers With Families Will Be Put
to Much Inconvenience and
Expense.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Kept. 18.— A
prediction was made in The Call several
weeks ago that there would be a general
''shake up" of infantry troops and batter
ies of ar.'illery, and that the Fifth Artil
lery, now at the Presidio of San Fran
cisco, might be transferred to some other
point. Several days later this prediction
was confirmed by a statement made to
The Call correspondent by one of the su
perior officers of the War Department.
General Miles several weeks ago recom
mended to Secretary of War Lamort a
transfer of infantry companies and bat
teries of artiLery, and after careful con
sideration of these recommendations Sec
retary Lamont to-day issued his formal
orders. They are technical and brief, but
the Adjutant-General will in a day or two
issue a statement of the reasons actuating
the department in making these changes.
The most important transfer is tbat of the
Fifth Artillery, which, with the exception
of one battery, is now at the Presidio of
San Francisco, one battery having been
recently ordered to Fort Monroe, Va.
The Fifth Artillery has been stationed
on the Pacific Coast since 1891, and many
of the officers wiil receive the news of
their transfer with regret. The batteries
of the Fifth now on San Francisco Bay
will take the places of the batteries of the
Third Artillery, which are now distributed
along the Atlantic Coast.
The headquarters of the Third Artillery
are at St. Francis barracks, Florida, and
its batteries are scattered along the coast
at Barrancas, Fla., Fort Monroe, Va., Fort
McHenry, Md., and the Washington (D.
C.) barracks. The Third was stationed on
the Pacific Coast before the war.
When the orders in detail are published
to-morrow, as expected, it will be known
where each of the batteries of the Fifth
Artillery will be stationed along the At
lantic Coast and where each battery of the
Third Artillery will be stationed on the
Pacific Coast.
There is also a shake-up in the infantry.
The Fifteenth, now at Fort Sheridan, 111.,
is ordered to relieve the Twenty-fourth
Infantry, which is at Fort Bayard and at
other posts in New Mexico and Arizona.
Tae Twenty-fourth will be sent to Fort
Douglass, Utah, and the Sixteenth, now
at the latter post, will take the place of the
Fourth Infanty, which is now distributed
in companies at Fort Sherman, Idaho,
Fort Spokane, Wash., and Fort Boise,
Idaho.
The Fourth Infantry is sent to Chicago
to relieve the Fifteenth, now at Fort Sheri
dan.
The dispatches from Washington an
nouncing that the Fifth Artillery would
be ordered away from San Francisco to the
Atlantic Coast produce a profound feeling
of regret at the Presidio. The subject was
discussed in all its phases at the Officers'
Club and at the canteen last night. Com
missioned officers and enlisted men alike
were eager to ascertain if The Call had
received definite news that the Fifth had
been ordered to relieve the Third in the
South.
There is still a small gleam of hope that
the Fifth may be sent to New York to re
lieve the First and the First be sent to
Florida, Louisiana and Texas.
A prominent officer, whose name cannot
be published, said: "It would be grievous
injustice to send the Fifth to Florida.
Since tlie war tbia regiment has served in
the South from 1865 to 1869. and again
from 1875 to 188 L Since 1863 the First
Artillery has been South only three years.
We have been here six and a balf years,
and should remain two and a half years
longer. There is no question in my mind
that a 'pull' was exerted in Washington
and New York to get the Third out here
so as to keep the First from going South.
"It is unfair and unjust to the Fifth
Artillery, and will work a severe and un
called for pecuniary hardship npon many
of the officers, non-commisaioned officers
and enlisted men. It will cost each officer
having a family at least $500 to make the
change."
Should the Fifth Artillery go south, two
batteries will be stationed at Jackson Bar
racks, New Orleans; two at Pansacola,
two at Key West, headquarters and two
batteries at St. Augustine, two at Fort
Monroe, one light battery at San Antonio,
Tex., and one at Washington Barracks.
The officers at the Presidio who have
families are: General Graham, Majors
Darling and McCrea, and Captains
Roberts, Thorp, Riley, Hills, Wood and
McClellan, and Lieutenants Miley and
Arnold. At AJcatraz—Lieutenant-Col
onel Sinclair, Captain Morris and Captain
Lomia. At Fort Mason— Captain Vogdes
and Lieutenant Blunt.
Nearly all the bandsmen and quite a
number of the non-commissioned officers
have families.
At the canteen last night one soldier in
a croup at a round table said: "Say in
The Call that San Francisco treats the
soldier better than any other city in the
United States. Here the uniform is re
spected and citizens are kind and polite.
Some of the men, who are always pleased
I with the prospect of any change, will say
before they have been two days in Florida
that the Presidio of San Francisco is the
I most delightful post in the world. The
I going awuy will be a sorry break up for
j many of the men who have formed tender
attachments in town, but, you know, a
soldier must expect these things."
Officers who have had experience In
moving across the continent assert that
the transportation which the Government
allows is an insignificant part of the ex
pense attending a change of quarters such
as this one contemplates. Tne foreshad
owing of the transfer in a recent number
of the Army and Navy Journal was con
sidered, but it was deemed incredible that
• the department should Incur the great ex
pense of sending the Fifth to Florida
when the First could be sent there at
small cost.
ARMY SURFAGE CHANGES.
Another Order of the War Departtneut
Is Issued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 18.— By di
rection of the Secretary of War the follow
ing changes in stations and duties of offi
cers of the medical department are
ordered: Major James P. Kimball, sur
geon, will be relieved from duty at Fort
Wingate, N. Hex., by the commanding
officer of that post upon receipt by him of
this order, and will report in person to
the commanding officer at Fort Columbus,
N. V., for duty at that post, to relieve
Major John Van R. Hoff, surgeon. He
will report by letter to the commanding
general of the Department of the East.
Major Hoff upon being relieved by Major
Kimball will report iri person to the com
manding officer at Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., for duty at that post to relieve
Captain Rudolph G. Ebert, assistant sur
geon. He will report by letter to the com
manding general of the Department of
Columbia.
Captain Ebert, upon being relieved by
Major Hoff, will proceed to and take his
station at Philadelphia and assume duty
as attending surgeon and examiner of re
cjuits in that city, and relieve Captain
William E. Gray, "assistant surgeon. He
will report by letter to the commanding
general of the' Department of the East.
Captain Gray upon being relieved by
Captain Ebert will report in person to the
commanding officer at Fort Apache, Ariz.,
for duty at that post, to relieve First Lieu
tenant Irving W. Rand, assistant surgeon.
He will report by letter to the command
ing general of the Department of Colo
rado.
Lieutenant Rand upon being relieved by
Captain Gray will report in person to the
commanding officer at Fort ClarK, Texas,
for duty at that post and by letter to the
commanding general of the Department
of Texas.
PILGRIMAGE TO
THE SHRINE
I Continued from IXrtt JPage.l
really a ratification of the many triumphs
that have been achieved by the Republican
candidate since he began receiving those who
call to congratulate him and themselves upon
the work of the Republicans in their National
convention. lam sure that all of us can say
that we are glad to be so near our candidate
and to contribute a little more to the busy po
litical Hie of this city of Canton.
The all-absorbing issue in this campaign ud
to this time has been that of the present mone
tary system as opposed to the free and un
limited coinage of silver proposed by the
Democrats In their Chicago convention.
The necessity of utterly defeating the Demo
cratic proposition must be apparent to you all.
The free and unlimited coinage of silver by
the independent action of this Nation would
bring financial disaster and general distress
such as we have never before known. The
maintenance of the present monetary system
is the policy of honor, and to that the Repub
lican party is committed now, as it always has
been in the past.
Governor Busbnell was heartily ap
plauded, and when he introduced Senator
Cullom of Illinois there was a storm of
cheers. Senator Cullom said:
Mr. Bryan is an out and out free-tmder as
well as for free silver. Can wo stand free sil
ver and free trade ? 1 don't want either. We
have had four years' experience of what we
may expect all the time under free trade. God
alone knows what will become of the country
if we try the experiment of the free and un
limited coinage of t liver at 16 to 1.
Fellow-citizens. 1 f oel as sure of what I am
going to say as I am that there is an all
wise overruling Providence— that if the people
of the United States will at "he next election
place the Government back into the hands of
the Republican party, with William McKinley
as President and with a Congress in harmony
with him on financial and tariff questions,
prosperity and confidence will come again to
the people. Do you not believe it so ? Will
you do it ? I have faith that you will.
What a period of distress for the past three
years. Plenty of money, but locked vp — no
body, in fact, wanting it or daring to invest it.
lam reminded of the lines: "Water, water ev
erywhere, but not a drop to drink. Water,
■water everywhere, but all the boards did
shrink."
Fellow-citizens, the Republican policy of
protection is still a living Issue— it will remain
rd issue until the Wilson-Gorman bill is re
pealed and a measure framed on protection
lines is adopted and approved by President
McKinley. We reaffirm our belief in the doc
trine of protection to American industries and
industrial workers, whether in the shops, on
the farm or in the factories, in the mines,
wherever they are.
Kow, lellow-citisens, let us see about the so
called silver question. They say that gold is
growing scarcer and increasing in value ; that
gold is appreciating Instead of silver depreciat
ing, all of which makes it more Durdensome
to the debtor. Let U9 see how this is. During
the last 100 years the quantity of gold pro
duced in the world has increased from about
$33,000,000 annually to $220,000,000, while
the population has simply doubled. Let us
see further. Of the gold produced in the world
100 years ago 33 per cent was coined. Now
66 per cent is coined. Therefore the amount
of gold in the world per capita is four times as
much as it was 100 years age.
The total money in the world — gold, silver
and paper— has increased 400 per cent during
the last 100 years. Of the money in the world
100 years ago 22 per cent was of cold; it is
now 35 per cent. As to the increase of bank
checks, drafu, etc., which go to take the place
of money, the banking facilities of the world
have increased 100 per cent.
Let us refer again to the proposition of
Bryan and Altgeld and their followers. They
say that gold Is dearer than it wis in 1873,
and that we need more money. The truth is,
for very many years the price of money has
been getting cheaocr. The legal rate of in
terest on money is less in our State than It
used to be. It has fallen from 10 to 7 per
cent, and I think men do not pay more now
than 5 or 6 per cent and the Government is
able to get it for 3 per cent and sell its bonds
at a premium, while before the war it paid 6
per cent and sold its bonds at a heavy dis
count. On the basis of 100 for wages in 1860,
wages in 1892 were 168J^ per cent — an in
crease of nearly 70 per cent, while the pur
chasing power of wages increased about 80
per cent.
Mr. Altgeld and other Popocratic leaders
say the present dollar is a 200-cent dollar,
while ihc dollar before 1873 was a 100-cent
dollar. In the first place the statement is not
correct, but if it were which would you rather
have, a dollar worth 200 cents or a dollar
worth 50 cents? They say nobody ever saw a
50-cent dollar. Nobody ever saw an American
dollar in coin that would not circulate any
where in this country and in many foreign
countries at its nominal value.
Suppose it is true that our dollars are 200
-cent dollars. How many of these have we in
circulation ? According to tne last treasury
i statement we have more than 1,500,000,000,
consisting ol gold, silver and paper, oue dollar
just as good as another, a per capita circula
tion of nearly $22. If Bryan, Altgeld and their
associates are right, tnpii our money In circu
lation is equal to $3,000,000,000, or about $44
per capita. As tfieir platform only calls for
$50 per capita they ought to be satisfied with
$44. Lot us see what would happen in the
event of the success of tho nominees of the
Chicago convention. Our gold would leave
us, to be boarded — that is certain — a contrac
tion of $600,000,000.
The remainder of our money will shrink In
purchasing power equal to the difference be
tween the par value of the dollar and the
builion price of silver. The difference is now
about 47 cents. Bo that our circulation will
be contracted to that extent and we will have
less than $9 per capita in circulation of actual
money where we now have $22.
Mr. Bryan says we would, no doubt, have a
panic at nrst after the adoption of free coin
ace. He admits that much. He doesn't say
whether it will be jast a little wave which
will wet the toes and scare the timorous or
whether it will be a tidal wave which will on
gulf the Nation. We are not children in expe
rience. We had our fiugers burned four years
ago and they are yet sore from the effect* of
the fire. William J. Bryan told us that free
trade was just what we needed; that our
troubles were all due to the tariff. He now
tells us that we must have free silver; that It
will be a crime against humanity to longer re
fuse it; that all mankind has been suffering
untold misery since 1873 ou account of de
monetization of silver.
You know better. Will you take his advice
again? I don't think you will. Fellow-citi
zens, there is no use in deceiving ourselves in
dealing with this question. We have more
gold and more silver than we ever had before
altogether, more circulating medium than we
ever had before, and \ve|have no money that is
not at par with gold, which is the recognized
money of the commercial world. Let us not
run off after moonshine theories pressed upon
us by Bryan, Tillman and Aitgela, and men
who maybe honest, but who are urging the
people of this country to adopt a policy or try
an experiment in defiance of the facts of his
tory, and in opposition to tho judgment of the
wisest friends of silver in the world.
The Republican party is for bimetallism. It
believes in the use of both gold and silver as
money. It believes in the admission of botn
to the mints of the United States on equal
terms as soon as it can be done with safety
and honor. Our party is pledged to it in the
bt. Louis platlorm.
Senator Cullora was iollowed by Senator
Thurslon of Nebraska. A most enthusi
astic greeting was given hiai and his
speech was interrupted by applause at
almost every period. He said :
.My Fellow-cltisens: lam glad to meet you
here at the home of that illustrious American,
our nominee for President, William McKinley,
bravo in war, eminent in statesmanship, the
best living exponent of those American
policies which insure National and individual
I prosperty ; it yet remains for the crucible of a
Presidential candidacy to fully test the fine
gold of his character.
War proved his soldierly qualities; a quarter
of a century of legislative and political con
tention developed, strengthened aud disclosed
his wisdom, patriotism and leadership. But
now for tho first time his countrymen can
realize and understand the sweet, simple,
sublime character of the man. And, fellow
citizens, what a contrast is there between the
two candidates now presented for yoursuffrage.
One, nominated amid the excitement and
hysteria of emotional frenzy, a triumph of
prearranged spectacular and oratorical red
fire, a nomination not thought of an hour be
fore and regretted an hour after. The other,
nominated in obedience to the ripened and
deliberate judgment of the people themselves,
whose spontaneous uprising in his behalf at
tested and emphasized their belief in the
principles for which he stands, and their sin
cere confidence in the ability, integrity, pa
triotism aud statesmanship of the man. One
notified (id accordance with his own request)
in that great show garden of New York City,
designed expressly for circuses, menageries,
horse fairs, dog shows and chrysanthemum
exhibitions, amid the blare of trumpets, the
glare of electric lights and the incessant tramp
of disappearing hosts; the other at his humble
fireside in an unostentatious manner, the
simple ceremonies witnessed only by his inti
mate friends. One now steeplechasing through
the country in a mad scramble for place and
power, fearful that some elector may escape
the witchery of nis fluted voice; the other
dignified (as befits the exalted place to which
he worthily aspires), trustfully and calmly
waiting in his own home while the Nation
comes to him.
One has selected for his arena the sandlots —
his appeals are to the passions ana prejudices
of men. The forum of the other is an Ameri
can dooryard; his rostrum is the porch of an
American cottage; his words, simple and force
ful, are addressed to the intelligence, the con
science, the patriotism and the common-sense
of a brave, thoughtful, just and hopeful
people.
My countrymen, these comparisons are not
unjust, nor aro they overdrawn. They meas
ure the infinite distance between the party
and that platform of Altgeld, Tillman, Pen
noyer, Llewellyn, Waite, Coxey and Bryan and
the party and platform of Harrison, Allison,
Reed and McKinley. This is not an issue be
tween Republicanism and Democracy. The
Chicago convention was not the council cham
ber of the Democratic party. The nominee of
that convention carries the regular banner,
but it was wrested from true Democracy by
the Populist and the commune. If true
Democracy lives its future historian will trace
its title through the Indianapolis convention.
If true Democracy dies its monument will de
clare, "Assassinated at Chicago."
My countrymen. I come to you to-diy in
spired not only by hope, but by the knowledge
of certain Republican victory. Three weeks
ago I was in my native State, Vermont. In
every time of great public danger Vermont
has responded to the call of duty. When
Sumter was fired on one of hpr great Demo
crats, Paul Dillißgham, said "There shall be
no Democratic party in Vermont until the
Union is saved." Her people are as patriotic
in 1896 as in 1861, for with a menace to the
integrity of tne Nation and the welfare of her
people her ereatest living Democratic states
man, ex-Minister Phelps, now says it is the
duty of every tru3 Democrat to place country
first and to maintain its financial honor as
agaiust any party platform. When Vermont
spoke she spoke not alone for her Republicans,
but for her true Democracy as well.
In Maine 1 found the State afire with Repub
lican enthusiasm, ready to stand where
Blame stood, for sound money, protection and
reciprocity. And what a mighty answer
Maine has given to the Chicago platform!
Vermont and Maine are agricultural States.
a large majority of the people are farmers;
the descendants of men who have for genera
tions battled with the sterility of the moun
tainsides and won a fiugal livelihood by in
cessant toil. Vermont and Maine are the be
ginning of the end. The same intelligentn t con
sideration of the present issues by the people
of the country will produce the same result.
Not in Arkansas, Alabama or Georgia, where
majorities are made by those entrenched in
power to suit the necessities of the Democratic
party, not perhaps in those five silver States
where a local interest at the time being pre
vents a fair consideration of the great National
problem, but in every other State of the Union
where the ballot-box registers the conscience,
the judgment and the patriotism of the elect
ors, there will be the same erlorious result.
I visited Massachusetts— rich in its memories
of Plymouth, of Lexington, of Buukar Hill
Massachusetts, which gave first blood for inde
pendence and for the Union, and I found Mas
sachusetts without regard to party lines al
most unanimous for McKinley. And then to
New York, which Bryan calls the enemy's
country, but which is not and will not be an
enemy's country to any man who stands for
the institutions, the welfare aud the honor of
the United States. And in New York I thought
of grand John A. Dix, who said: "If any man
haul* down the American flag shoot him on
the spot."
In times of peace we have no bullets for the
political enemies of our country, but we have
ballots; an 1 New York, the great Empire
State, the Gibraltar of true Democracy.will over
whelm the Popocratic aggregation by at
least a quarter of a million majority. And
then through Maryland and Virginia and
Wwt Virginia, all sacred ground, drenched
with the blood of the two great armies; and
then to Indiana, the State of Morton and Har
rison. And, my countrymen, they are all for
McKinley, even old Virginia.
1 understand that Mr. Bryan said on his re
turn to Nebraska trom his last starring tour
that Ohio was safe for 50,000. I believe it. I
have no doubt of it. Yes, for 100,000, but not
for that kind of a William.
My friends, political quacks have been offer
ing cureails to .the people ever since the
world began. There is a subtle charm in every
promise of something for nothing; of property
without payment; of accumulation without
toil; of bread without the sweat of the brow.
It is impossible to realize what a charm there
is in the word free when coupled with a party
policy or a political promise. The policy of a
tariff for revenue only would not have lasted
its first disastrous experiment and overthrow
if it had not been for the term "free trade."
The rjolicyof opening our mints to and placing
our National credit under the silver product of
the whole world would not carry one precinct
in the country If it were uot for the specious
suggestion of free silver— something for noth
ing — the hope neld out to those who toil that
in some way, not explained or understood,
they are to have a share in the vast stores of
silver money when coinage and silver are free.
Free to whom? Will it bo free to any man
in the State of Ohio— to any man who tolls
upon a farm or In a shop? Will it be free, ex
cept to the owners of silver mines and capital
ists who can purchase silver bullion for coin
age purposes? Will it be free except to those
who can secure the cheaper money with which
to buy your grain or pay your wages? What
is free coinage of silver? Tne silver advo
cates say it is simply placing the stamp of the
Government upon the coin to attest to its
weight and fineness. If this were all we would
not for a moment oppose their plans, for the
coins would deceive no one and would imme
diately go upon the market as the bullion
goes, at their commercial value.
The bullion-owners couid not force the peo
pie of this country to accept such dollars, and
such coinage would not be of any possible
value to the mine-owners, but this is" not what
they propose.
They insist, and the Chicago platform de
clares, that they shall have tlie right to bring
all the bullion ot all the world, all now
coined and uncoined in other countries, all
now mined and all the vast stores yet un
discovered in the rn-umains, to our mints and
have it coined at our expense and returned to
them with & law attached compelling the peo
ple of this country to accept all dollars thus
coined as full legal tender lor all debts, public
and private; lor all products sold; for all
services rendered; for all labor done, at 100
cents on tne dollar. The man of the factory,
the mill and tho shop cannot coinp.i tlie
mine-owner to accept his lubor at a double
price. Why should tiie mine-owner be gives
the right to compel the wage-earners and pro
ducers of the country to accept their silver
product at double its "market value? Will free
coinage result In a depreciated dollar? Mr.
Bryan at his Madison-square Garden meeting,
before all of the audience had left, declared
that in his belief opening our mints to the
free and unlimited coinage of the world's sil
ver would immediately advance the price of
silver from 68 ceuts per ounce, its present
bullion value, to $1 29 per ounce, iv coinage
value in gold.
la there anything in history or the experi
ence of mankind to justify such a belief? Can
the American people afford to chance the busi
ness, the business prosperity of this country
and of its 75,000,000 people, to the Delief of
any man, however distinguished, when that
belief is in direct opposition to the accepted
judgment of mankind? As Mr. Foraker has so
well said, "Can we afford to make an experi
ment station of the White House ?"
What is the free coinage ef silver? There
are many people in this country who actually
believe that under free coinage our mints wiil
be a sort of Government thrashing-machine;
that the mine-owners will ieea their bullion
into the front end while the people stand
around the other end of the machine and the
dollars run out into their pockets. Such is not
the case. Of all the bullion that will be
brought to our mints not one dollar will go
into the treasury of the United States. We,
the people, will pay all the expense.* running
the machine and the same men who feed the
bullion into one end will hold the bag into
which the dollars tall at the other.
'You may open yotir mints to the free and
unlimited coinage of silver when the mine
owners of the world, witu the dollars we coin,
can build a pyrami t whose apex reaches to
the eternal stars, and when it is bullded and
completed there is not one man in the United
Slates who can take just $1 from that pile un
less he has 100 cents' worth of labor or the
product of labor to give in exchange, and
whenever a man in this free country has an
opportunity to exchange his labor or his prod
ucts for money he ought to insist upon receiv
ing in payment the best dollar that the civil
ized world affords.
The silver advocates tell us we have been on
a gold basis since 1873, and we admit it. Is
there a mortgage in the State of Ohio which
bears a date prior to 1873 ? Has not every
dollar that has been borrowed by an Ohio
farmer, or by any Ohio man, on note and
mortgage, been paid to him in gold or money
equivalent to gold? Is it just that he should
pay in any other money than that he has bor
rowed? But when do the mortgages of the
farmers and mechanics become due?
The ordinary term of a mortgage on real
estate is from three to five years; very little
money is borrowed for a longer term by small
borrowers. Your time to pay is coming soon.
Where will you get the new cheap money in
which to pay? Is it possible that all the
farmers of Ohio will be prepared when their
mortgages come due to pay ti.cni off, principal
and Interest, even in money worth 50 cents on
the dollar? The fact of it is, my countrymen,
you do not expect to pay and you cannot pay
your present mortgages when they become
due. You will be prepared to pay the in
terest, you may be prepared to pay part of the
principal, your hope is to renew from time to
time at the same or at cheaper interest rates,
and gradually, year by year, pay off until
your entire indebtedness is canceled. But you
are now asked to vote for a policy which will
drive capital out of the country. When your
mortgages come due if you are not ready to
pay iv full you caunot ienew, certainly not at
as favorable rates as you have now.
There was another big meeting at night
in the tent. The speakers were Governor
Hastings of Pennsylvania and Repre
sentative McCleary of Minnesota. Both
speakers were enthusiastically received.
Several delegations called at the close of
the afternoon meeting. To the Akron
delegation, one of the largest that visited
the city, Major McKinley said:
I was especially delighted to see the great
delegation from Akron in the parade to-day.
It occurred to me as I saw you passing the re
viewing stand that you had not left anybody
at home. [Applause.] I tm sure your pres
ence here has contributed much toward mak
ing this a most successful meeting, and per
sonally I feel especially honored to see you
come over in such large numbers on this our
opening day. This is one of the largest politi
cal meetings, if not the largest, ever held in
the State, and it is only the opening of the
campaign, and as I said in 1893, at Akron,
when I looked over an audience of fifteen or
twenty or more thousand people at the open
ing of the campaign, my second uomination, I
said if this is the opening, what will the close
be? And so I thought to-day as you were pass-
Ing. I thank you for your calL [Great ap
plause.]
It was quite dark when the Elkins
Cadets and a large delegation from Salem,
Ohio, called.
Major McKinley was tired and had gone
to his room to take a short nap. The
bands played six or eight marches and he
gave up the notion of slumber and made
two more speeches. Judge Ambler of
Salem made a short address and Major
McKinley responded in a few appropriate
remarks.
Major McKinley then turned to the El
kins Cadets. He was heartily cheered.
After the tumult had subsided he made a
speech of welcome and was greeted with
rounds of applause.
Major McKinley entertained Senators
Cul'.om and Thurston, Governor Hastings,
Governor Bushnell, Congressman Mc-
Cleary and a dozen Canton friends at
dinner this evening.
MARRISON WILL SPEAK.
Jirpublicans to He Aided, by the Eloquent
Ex- President.
CAICAGO, 111., Sept. 18.— Benjamin
Harrison will make some campaign
speeches in October, and tne fears of the
Republican National Executive Commit
teemen at Chicago headquarters were set
at rest to-day by tne welcome intelligence.
It came this afternoon in the form of a
personal letter from the ex-President in
the Adirondacks to Committeeman Dur
bin of Indiana. Mr. Durbin would only
say the letter contained a promise to make
some speeches. The dates and places will
be fixed after Mr. Harrison has communi
cated with Mr. Durbin, and the Indiana
committee will be ignored in the matter.
One of the speeches will be in Indianapolis.
Mr. Harrison will go to New York in a
day or so to remain a week or ten days,
and the speaking engagements will be
made as soon as the ex- President returns
home.
Commttteeman Cyrus Leland returned
from Kansas. Mr. Leland said: "Watson
has done lots of good for the Republican
party by coming to Kansas and making
hi» fiery anti-Sewall speeches. He had
small crowds to begin with, but they
quickly increased, and the result will be
that the 'middle-of-the-road' Populists in
tend to put up a separate Bryan and Wat
son electoral ticket, which will split the
Populist vote for Bryan."
Fall
Medicine is fully as important and benefi-
cial as Spring Medicine, and the best Fall
Medicine is
Hood's
Sarsaparilia
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills 9 n l° Liver His; easyto
i »vwm j» ru " take, easy to operate.2sc.
LONGING FOR THE
BRITISH FLEET
Feverish Anxiety Felt hy
Foreigners in Constan
tinople.
CHAOS STILL PREVAILS
Possible That Russian War
ships May Steal a March
on the English.
A CRISIS HOURLY EXPECTED.
Many Archives Removed From the
British Embassy to Ships in
the Bosphorus.
LONDON, Ekg., Sept. 18.— The Con
stantinople correspondent of the Standard
telegraphs that the situation there does
not give any evidence of improvement.
He says: "We are on the verge of |
crisis. The ooiuion is that unless a British
fleet appears shortly in the Bosphorus
either Turkey will totter to her ruin, fall
ing into the hands of the Czar, or a Rus
sian fleet will take advantage of some
special outrage and of tho apathy of the
powers to occupy the Bosphorus, and
from that vantage ground, which we
ought to be now bolding, dictate terms to
Europe. All the British residents are
astonished because a fleet does not come.
Mass-meetings to express the indigna
tion felt against the Sultan were held to
night in Birmingham and other cities in
England. Resolutions were adopted which
in general terms called upon the Govern
ment to take immediate and active steps
to end the reign of terror in Turkey.
In Bristol and elsewhere amendments
to the resolutions were offered urging
Great Britain to act forcibly alone if nec
essary, but these amendments were de
feated.
The Daily Mail will publish a dispatch
to-morrow from Vienna saying that seven
men have been killed during the last few
days while attempting to reach the Sul
i tan's apartments with the object of assass
j mating him.
ROME, Italy. Sept. 18. — The semi
official newspaper, Italia, asserts that
communications, which have passed be
tween the powers upon the situation in
I Turkey, show that the relations are
strained to a point of rupture.
ATHENS, Greece, Sept. 18.— A dia
i patch from Constantinople bays that a
number of theological students and mem
bers of the Young Turkey party bad a
desperate fight in Galata on Wednesday.
Fifteen of the combatants were killed.
The dispatch adds that many of the
archives of the British Embassy have
been placed on the British ships ia the
Bosphorus.
Tom Watson Visits Denver.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 18.— Tom Wat
son arrived in Denver to-day, ana passed
the time until evening in conference with
both sections of tne Populists. He talked
with "Waite, condidate for Governor on
the middle-of-the-road ticket and with
Bailey, gubernatorial candidate on the
| Populist, silver-fusion ticket. Mr. Wat
son is in bad voice and almoit exhausted
by his work in the East. He spoke bat
briefly at Coliseum Hall to-night to a
small audience, owing to a heavy rain
| storm, and his remarks were confined to a
I statement of his personal position in the
| National campaign and his objections to
! Sewall.
Sovereign in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 18. — Grand
Master Workman Sovereign of the Knights
of Labor arrived in Chicago to-day for the
purpose of taking an active part in the
campaign for the election of Bryan.
Prince of Wale* Not Injured.
LONDON, Eng., Bept. 18.— The rumor
that gained circulation last night that the
Prince ol Wales had be<?n injured while
shootin? in the Highlands oi Scotland
proves, upon investigation, to have been
unfounded.
SEW TO-PAT.'
"-'- r '\ Headquabtebs *)
California Bilvib Campaign Committee, >-
Baldwin HoiKr- )
ANOTHER GRAND
SILVER RALLY!
METROPOLITAN HALL,
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPT. 19, 1896.
HON. M. F. TAYLOR
OF DENVER,
The Eloquent Champion of the People's Cause,
and Others, will Address the Meeting.
MUSIC AND GLEE CLUB SHGIXG.
AH Silver Clubs Invited to be present.
Come early and set a seat.
. ■ ■
WILLIAM P. LAWLOK, .
Chairman Campaign Committee.
Ely's Cream Balnj^pUSi
Cleanses the NaFal Sg^psg
Passages, Allay. Pain WuMmZ? «!? iT^J
and Inflammation, fcS** Sl* #,Jl
Restores the Senses of »>(, "v^^iSS
Taste and Smell. Eg jt'* !> 4'o&
Heals the Sores. &ksT^^:£P^
Apply Balm Into each nostril S Hr^ss£«Sl
MmmiWiicox compound
IJSf WILCOX COMPOUND
£§39 Safe and sure relief, never taiL others
BtEH are Imitations. Atalldrugclsts. Write for
'EBB Woman' » Safeguard FBEE. WILCOX 3UDI-
*"* ci»» Co., 228 So. Eighth St., PMlada., fa.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/IHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY- AT-
\J Law and Notary I'ublic, 638 MarKet s:., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1620
Fe 1 street. Telephone " Pice " 2501. ___
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST9— RJ*-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD
European plan. Booms 60c to «1 60 per day, *J
■to $8 per week, $8 to *3U per moncn: trea buthi;
liot and cold water every room: lira sracu 14
•very room: elevator runs allnlgbt. _^_
Bp" JPATENTS.J
MARKET aT.S.F.^£^TICKET NAMED
AT SEBASTOPOL
Sonoma County Republicans
Select Candidates for
Office.
CONFIDENT OF VICTORY
Messrs. Dougherty and Burnett
Will Race for Superior
Judgeships.
ASSEMBLY RECORDS INDORSED
Staley and Price to Be Returned to
the Lower House of the
Legislature.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 18.— The Re
publican County Convention met at
Sebastopol to-day to nominate two Supe
rior Judges, two Assemblymen and three
Supervisors. The weather was cold and
disagreeable, but not so the 163 delegates
and the several hundred spectators. They
were filled with the warmth of generous
enthusiasm and cheered themselves hoarse
on the slightest pretext. The convention
was held in Jansen's Hall, which is also
the headquarters of the McKiniey and
Hobart Club. Back of the speakers' plat
form a huge American flag was draped,
and a handsome lithograph of the next
President Bmiled indulgently upon the
admiring throng. Mottoes and flags
adorned the walls and the odor of thou
sands of flowers filled the room.
The convention was called to order by
W. F. Price, chairman of the County Cen
tral Committee. Mr. Price welcomed the
delegates to Sebastopol in a neat speech,
and made a hit by saying that from the
smiling good nature of the crowd it would
seem as though there had been additional
news from Maine and Vermont. R. M.
Swain of Santa Rosa was elected chairman
by acclamation and J. M. Striening of
Santa Rosa and J. R. Denman of Fetaluma
were choseu secretaries. Mr. Swain
thanked the convention for the honor and
at once proceeded to the business at band.
Tne following appointments were made:
Committee on credentials— First District, B.
F. Campbell, chairman; Second. S. G. Graham;
Third, M. J. Hatch; Fourth, E. \V. Biddle ;
Filth, C. W. Vincent.
Committee on resolutions— First District, J.
Denmau; Second, J. K. Camin ; Third, J. M.
btriening; Fourth, J. C. Holloway, chairman;
Fifth, H. M. Leburuii.
Committee t»u order of business — First Dis
trict, I'avid Risk; sjecond, N. King; Third,
Ji' arj Bilvenhield; Fourth, J. W. Rose, chair
man; Fiftu, \V. J. Cunningham.
When Chairman Swain called the after
noon session to order there were quite a
number of women present, and Mrs. Dr.
Hurlbut was led to the platform. She
requested the convention to include in its
piatform a piank favoring tbe passage of
the equal-suffrage amendment. Her re
marks were greeted with cheers. The
platform adopted affirms faith in the Re
publican platiorm adopted at St. Louis
and p;edges support to McKinley ana
Hobart; indorses Senator Perkius, Con
gressman liarnam, State Senator Holio
way and Assemblymen Price and Staley;
opposes tiat money and condemns loose
business method-) in county affairs. Low
taxation is deru&naed, save for road pur
poses, lor which ample provision should
be made. Tue platform also calls for pro
tection to the dairy interests.
Nominations for Superior Judge being
in order Sheridan Peterson nominated
Albert G. Burnett of Santa Rosa. Sena
tor Holloway nominated Judge Crawford,
one of the incumbents. F. Breitenbach
placed in nomination Judge Dougherty,
also one of the Judges now serving, and
George P. McNear nominated W. B. Has
kell of Peialuma. The first ballot re
sulted in the election of Messrs. Dougherty
and Burnett, the vote standing as tallows:
Dougherty 111, Burnett 100, Crawford 87,
Has-kell 23.
The gentlemen selected for judicial hon
ors are both young n>en of fine attain
ments and great popularity. Jud^e
Dougherty was elected beiore by the larg
est Republican majority ever given in this
cmnty. Albert G. Burnett has served
tins county two terms as District Attor
ney, receiving an unusally large vote at
each election. He is considered the most
polished and eloquent speaker in the
county.
The nominations for Assemblymen
wpre quickly made, resulting in th« selec
tion ot the two members now serving — W.
fc. fetaiey of Kenwood and W. F. Price of
i-'orestville.
The Supervisors nominated are Herbert
Austin, H. L. Bagley and T. C. Putnam.
TULARE COUNTY SAFE.
Republicans Will Win in a Storm- Center
of Populism.
TULARE, Cal., Sept. 18.— Tue Tulare
McKinley club is growing rapidly and be
coming a formidable factor in advocacy of
sound money and the predominance of
Republican principles. It holds meetings
regularly in the clubrooms in Harris'
Hall, where the members discuss the
money problems brought out as the cam
paign progresses. Just now they are dis
cussing the 16 to 1 proposition advocated
by the Bryanit.es, and demonstrating the
fallacy of the idea. Next week they will
discuss "The Effect of Free Silver on
Wages."
Much interest is being manifested by the
members of the club, and in this cam
paign of education a well organized and
efficient club, such as this one, can accom
plish much for the cause of' protection,
patriotism and sound money.
This is the largest political club ever
organized in Tulare, now numbering 225
members, every one of whom will not
only V"te but work for McKinley and the
Republican ticket. They are being openly
assisted by prominent Democrats, who
have signed the roil, burning political
bridges behind them. A number of Popu
lists have recently arrived, at the con
clusion that ttiey are not in favor of 53
-cent dollars and are getting ready for the
political hurricane by signing the Mc-
Kinley roll.
Tulare, in the very storm center of Popu
lism, is absolutely safe for McKinley and
Hobart. The fusion and trading about
are doing much to drive many followers
of the silver iolly into the camp of the
sound-money advocates. There are more
Sound-money Democrats than at first sup
posed, and these, to a mail, declare their
intention to vote for McKinley. Nine out
of ten Sound-money Democrats of Tulare
will vote for M Kinley.
SAN RAFAELO INFANT PRODIGY.
Six- Tear- Old Willie Rhndey Indites a
Letter to McKinley.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 18.— The sen
timent favoring Republicanism and pro
tection is so intense in Marin County that
even the children become oracles for the
principles McKinley advance 3. The most
prominent instance of this patriotic pre
cciousness is the case of little Willie
Rhodey. This youngster is only 6 years
• of age, yet often during the evening he
may be seen surrounded by old folks,
expatiating for their enlightenment the
improvement that would be made in the
present condition of affairs in this coun
try should McKinley be elected in Novem
ber.
He is, in fact, an ardent admirer of Mc-
Kinley, and believes thoroughly in pro
tection. He is also a stanch defender of
the qld soldier who fought in the civil war.
Yesterday, filled with the importance of
his ideas, he sat himself down and in
dited tue following letter to William Mc-
Kinley himseli:
Mr. William McKinley— Dbab Sir: I am a
good Republican. I hope you will be elected.
I think there is plenty of money around the
country for the poor man. Be sure of protec
tion and don't' forget the old soldiers. They
should be taken care of. I do not think
Bryan is in it. Yours truly,
Willie Rhodey.
What makes this, letter particularly re
markable is the fact that Master Rho ley's
parents are illiterate people, not given
much to the discussion of things political.
Willie has never attended school, but has
acquired his ability to read an<l write
wholly through his own efforts. He talks
with the gravity of a man of 40. He was
asked yesterday why he was a Republican.
He replied, "Because the Republicans
know what's right. There is lots and lots
of money in the country, but a man can't
work to get any of it. Protection will
give everybody a good chance to work,
and then they won't be poor any more."
Fusion in Fresno County.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. 18.— The Demo
crats and Populists held their county con
ventions yesterday. They united in two
Assembly districts, the Democrats in
dorsing the Populist nominee, George W.
Cartwright, in the Sixty-second, and the
Populists the Democratic nominee, L. W.
Moultrie, in the Sixty-third. The con
ference committees could not agree as to
the division of the three Supervisorial
nominations, and no fusion was reached.
The Democrats nominated W. R. Fur
nish. G. W. Beall and J. H. Sayre, and the
Populists D. C. McDougal, W. P. Man ley
and W. R. Neil. George E. Church was
the joint nominee for Superior Judge.
Shasta'n Republican Rally.
SHASTA, Cal., Sept. 18.— OM Shasta
blazed with bonfires this evening and giant
powder salutes shook the surrounding
hills. The demonstration was in honor of
Congressman Barham and Colonel J. H.
Roberts, who addressed the most en
thusiastic Republican meeting held here
in many years. The speakers were ap
plauded at every turn, and their patriotic
utterances carried the crowd by storm.
This precinct is sixteen to one for Barham
and McKinley, and promises to sustain its
reputation as the banner Republican pre
cinct of Shasta County.
Cutler Speak* at Si* ton.
SISSON, Cal., Bept. 18.— F. A. Cutler,
fusion candidate for Congress in the First
District, opened the campaign at this
place to-night, speaking to an audience of
about 150. As a campaign effort the speech
was only ordinary and its effect seriously
crippled by efforts to make his hearers be
lieve that he had tried to evade the nomi
nation, but that it had been forced upon
him. He was followed by 3. H. Campbell
of Humboldt County, a Populist, but a
great part of the audience left after the
close of Cutler's speech.
De Vries at Georgetown.
GEORGETOWN, Cal., Sent. 18.— Marion
de Vries, candidate for Congress on the
Democratic ticket in the Second District,
opened his campaign here to-night with a
speech delivered before the Georgetown
Brvan and De Vries Silver Club. Not
withstanding the threatening aspect of
the weather the speaker was greeted by a
fair audience. He was listened to with
attention and frequently applauded.
Seattle Palmerites Rmtify.
SEATTLE. Wash., Sept. 18. —The
Sound-money Democrats of this city held
a meeting in Seattle Theater to-night to
ratify the Indianapolis nominations. Ad
dresses were made by Judge Thomas
Burke, Hon. E. C. Hughes and Hon. D. E.
Durie. The speakers were greeted by an
enthusiastic audience, many ladies being
present.
Pacheco at Santa JTn's.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 18.— Ex-
Governor Romualdo Pacheco addressed a
large audience at Santa Ynez last night in
the interest of the Republican party. Re
garding the local political outlook, County
Committeeman St. John says that if the
other precincts throughout the State are
doing as well California is solid for Mc-
Kinley.
Nevada's Warrina Ilemnerati.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., Sept. 18.— A
committee trom each of the warring Dem
ocratic factions met yesterday and organ
ized a State central committee, composed
of members from each wing <fl the party.
J. R. Ryan is chairman of the new com
mittee, and Clayton Belknap succeeds R.
P. Keating on the National committee.
NEW TEEASURE CIRCULAR.
rndium of Information Regarding
]ln . i/.-v. Loan and Tru-t Companies.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 18— A
United States Treasury circular will be
issued in a few days giving information
respecting National banks, State banks,
savings banks, loan and trust companies
and private banks of the United States
compiled from the reports of the Comp
troller of the Currency.
It furnishes tables showing the agere
eate resources and liabilities of the Na
tional banks at the date of a call for a
report of their condition from October 5,
1863, to July 15, 1893. and tables showing
the resources of the State banks, loan and
trustcompanies, savings banks and private
banks; profit on National bank circulation
based on the deposit of $100,000 bonds;
and amount of tux collected on the capi
tal, deposits and circulation of National
banks from the beginning of the system
to June 30. 1895. The circular will be fur
nished free to any one applying for it, but
not more than one copy will be given to
each applicant.
Shothones Bunting Off Their Renerration
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 18.— In re
sponse to a communication from the Gov
ernor ' f Wyoming that the Shoshone In
dians were hunting at Jacksons Hole and
that trouble might result. th« Indian Bu
reau has directed the Indian police to re
turn these Indians to their reservation,
using force if necessary.
Treattury tiola Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 18.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close oi busi
ness to-day stood at $115,424,424. The
day's withdrawals of gold at New York
were $98,600.
- ♦
END OF A NOTED OWINDLER.
Orrin W. Skinner Dies in Auburn
Prison, Xew York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 18.-Orrin W.
Skinner, who was arrested in Chicago in
1893 for swindles perpetrated here, died in
Auburn prison. Syracuse, yesterday, where
he was serving a sentence lor grand lar
ceny. He was one of the most astute
swindlers in the country, a lawyer by
profession and a man of comely appear
ance, who moved in the best society. His
first wife was a daughter of S. O. Brown
ing. He cashed a number of fraudulent
checks in Syracuse in 1893 and left town
before he was found out, but was arrested
in Chicago.
Old Glory Hoisted at Mary Island.
ASTORIA. Ob., Sept. 18. - Private ad-
vices received here to-day state that the
stars and stripes were hoisted at Mary
sland, Alaska, on the 10th inst. by a
party of United States enginpers which
recently went north on the steamer Man
zanita. Four stations were established on
Portland Canal arid a force of workmen
left at each to complete the buildings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896,
SAN JOSE JURORS
FIX THE PENALTY
Allender Will Hang for
the Killing of Miss
Feilner.
FIRST DEGREE MURDER.
The Twelve Jurors Arrive at a
Verdict After Two Hours'
Deliberation.
COOLNESS OF THE CONDEMNED.
Declares He Was "Railroaded to
Death" by Means of False
Testimony.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 18.— Harvey Al
lender will hang for the murder of Miss
Walburga Feilner. That was virtually the
verdict returned by the jury this after
noon and unless the Supreme Court inter
feres the sentence will be executed.
At the opening of court this morning
District Attorney Herrington commenced
his argument to the jury, which lasted
until noon. Judge Lorigan then charged
the jury and at 12:25 it retired to deliberate
upon a verdict. At 2:30 — after two hours'
deliberation — the jurors came into court.
The courtroom was crowded to the doors
and many were unable to gain admission.
The verdict of the jury was greeted with
applause. It was, "We the jury find
Hatvey Allendei guilty of murder in the
first degree, as charged in the informa
tion."
Allender was unaffected by the verdict
and during the reading of it his face
maintained that stolid look that has char
acterized iiim during the trial. The jury
was polled and each man answered in the
affirmative. Judge Lorigan set next Fri
day for passing sentence.
The crime of which Allender was con
victed was a cold-blooded and premedi
tated one. On Sunday afternoon, August
9. he met Miss Feilner and Venanz
Crosetti, to whom the girl was engaged,
walking along Third street. Between Santa
Clara and St. John, aud shot and killed
them bot'i. Allender rode up to the
young couple on a bicycle, and after say
ing a few words to Miss Feilner drew a
revolver and shot tier through the heart.
As she fell Crosetti jumped for Allender,
and the latter shot him. Crosetti fell,
and then rot up and ran across the street
to the Empire engine-house, where he
fell and died almost instantly. Allender
then walked up to Miss Feilner's body
and fired a couple of shots into it. With
a theatrical display be then placed the
pistol to his head and fired, the buliet go
ing through the rim of his hat. He
dropped as though shot and lay as dead
until taken to the Receiving Hospital.
When the City Pnysician ordered Allen
der's clothes removed to search for a
wound, Allender jumped up, saying, "If
there isn't a wound in my head, you need
look no further.""' The murderer was then
locked up in prison. It is supposed Allen
der feigned death for fear the mob, which
quickiy gathered at the scene of the shoot
inc. would avenge his victims' death.
While being locked ud after the render
ing of the verdict, Allender complained
ol being "railroaded to death," and that
"most of the testimony given was false."
The verdict meets public approwal.
Attacked Wxth a Knife.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Bept. 18.— John H.
AHman of Oakland was arraigned before
Justice Dwyer this morning on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon, with intent
to kill. Last night Allman and George
Harris engaged in a quarrel in a disre
putable bouse at 17 South Second street,
and the lutter alleges that Aliraan attacked
him with a knife. Two women were also
tangled up in the quarrel. Allman's
examination was set for September 21.
Bail was fixed at $750.
Jane Pomeroy's Influence.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept 18.— Marshall
Pomeroy was on tue stand for a short
time in the Parker will contest this morn
ing. The reading of the deposition of J.
F. Burns was then taken up. It related
to Parker's mental condition, and tended
to show that Jane Pomeroy exercised un
due influence over the deceased. A grent
deal of argument was indulged in by the
attorneys. '
CAPTURED NEAR MURRAY
Emil Leville Wanted at New
Orleans for Alleged
Wife Murder.
Atrocious Crime Charged Against a
Scion of Crescent City
Aristocracy.
PORTLAND, 0r.,. Sept. 18.— Detective
if. L. Loose of New Orleans passed through
ere Jast evening from the Cceur d'Alene
country, having in charge Emil Leville, a
young man belonging to one ot the oldest
families in the Crescent City, where he is
wanted for two serious crimes. This offi
cer has been on Leville's tracks since the
latter part of July, tracing him from point
to point until last Monday, when he loca
ted Leville about two miles from Murray,
working with some prospectors who were
ignorant of his antecedents.
Leville is not more than 28 years of age,
but if he is guilty of the offenses charged
to him he is a monstrous criminal. De
tective Loose said that in January last his
prisoner married an accomplished and
beautiful young woman living about
seventy-five miles south of New Orleans.
Th«!y did not get along very well, and
Leville returned to New Orleans.
A few days later his relatives were
startled by the disclosure of a forgery by
him of his father's name for $18,000. This
forgery was in the form of a note, which
the young man vainly hoped to take up
on the date of its maturity by means of a
cotton deal he was engineering.
The elder Leville settled the matter; a
truce was patched up between the sepa
rated couple and Emil went to live with
his wite ; s people. Their relations were
more pleasant than during the earlier
days of their marriage, but in June last
they were forever interrupted by the death
of Mrs. Leville, who passed away very
suddenly one night.
A few days after the funeral Leville
stated his purpose to go to Europe, as he
needed a change of scene.
Instead of crossing the Atlantic, he
came West, and it seems that he had good
cause for trying to conceal bis future ad
dress.
On the Ist of July, a promissory note
for $9500, alleged to have been made by
Emil's wife, was presented to the admin
istrator of her estate, who chanced to be
one of her brothers. He immediately pro
nounc'-d it a forgery, and refused to
schedule it among his sister's liabilities.
Young Leville was at once suspected of
the forgery, as he had been guilty of one
just a short time before, and this circum
stance raised a question w* to the cause of
Mrs. Leville's death. Her remains were
exhumed and traces of morphine found in
her stomach. That is why Leville is under
arrest.
ROMANCE OF COLUSA.
A San Francisco Woman Claims She Is
Bertrand Seub's Widow.
COLUSA, Cal., Sept. 18.— In 1883 Ber
trand Seub, a saloon-keeper and business
man of Colusa, who was always supposed
to be single, made a will giving his estate
to his legal heirs, two brothers and a sister
in France. He made J. Grover and Dr.
W. H. Belton executors, and put into the
will a request that bis jewels and little
personal effects should not be sold, but
given to his friends aad others. Grover
has since kept the will. For three years
past Seub's health had been failing, and
last week he was taken suddenly ill, dying
on Saturday.
Mrs. M. Cummings of 1021 Sutter street,
San Francisco, arrived here yesterday,
having heard of his death. She claims to
have been his wife under a contract, which
she says be had in his possession. She
has letters and papers to prove her claim
and will endeavor to do so. She remained
here until noon to-day and then returned
to San Francisco. She does not claim the
existence of another will, but will try to
prove her rights as a widow. She nursed
and cared for Seub for years whenever he
was in ihe City, which he visited fre
quently of late. His estate in valuable.
LOS ANGELES EXPOSURE
Interior Department Accused of
Aiding the Southern
Pacific.
Lending No Support to the Govern
ment in Prosecution of Land
Cases-
Los Angeles Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway. >■
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. 18.)
The few persons who were in attendance
at a session of the United States Circuit
Court in this city to-day listened to a very
spirited controversy between J. H. Call,
special Government counsel in a suit
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company affecting its title to large nold
ings of lAd in this State, and William
Singer Jr. of counsel for the road. This
was the day set to hear argument in this
important case, in which about 3,000,000
acres are involved.
When the case was called Singer asked
for a continuance, and in support of his
request said that the bill of complaint, as
filed by Call, covered much more land
than had been considered in the answer.
He said he was in possession of corre
spondence from the Interior Department
that justified him in the belief that the
Department of Justice contemplated an
early dismissal of the case. He was going
on to read a certified copy of a letter from
the Interior Department purporting to
give the facts of the litigation, prefacing
it by saying that it made some reflections
on Call, which : c declined to read.
Call interrupted Singer and objected to
the reading of this correspondence, claim
ing that the Interior Department had
nothing to do with the case. After en
tering in detail upon the attitude of the
Interior Department in the iand-.:rant
litigation. Call stated that that depart
ment hud not lent its active support to
the Government in the prosecution of the
suits. It had, even while this suit was
pending, issued patents to some of the
very lands in controversy. The case, he
said, might lon^ ago have been disposed
of if the Government bad not been met
with delays at every stage. The Attorney-
General had instructed him to submit to
no further delays, but prosecute the case
to a finish.
Judge Ross ruled that he could take no
notice of the correspondence. Here was
a suit brought by the authorized counsel
for the Government, who stated that his
instructions were to prosecute it. He cer
tainly was entitled to recognition to bring
the suit and have his averments passed
upon. He denied the motion of counsel
for a continuance and directed the argu
ments to proceed.
Call opened tue argument on behalf of
the Government and presented the case
elaborately this afternoon.
STRUCK B Y AN ELECTRIC-CAR.
Colonels Xortham and Otis /Sustain Slight
Injuries.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept 18.— Colonel
R. J. Northam and Colonel H. G. Otis, the
editor of tha Los Angeies Times, were
severely shaken up this evening in an
electric-car accident, both receiving slight
injuries. Since the destruction of his
place at Miramar Colonel Northam and
family have resided on Figuero street.
This evening, shortly before 6 o'clock, he
invited Colonel Otis to occupy a seat with
him in a top carriage. The horse was a
mettlesome animal and the two gentle
men were sent along Broadway at a lively
gait.
A short distance soutn of Sixth street a
delivery wagon was bitched near the side
walk. A carriage in front of Colonel
Northam's rig turned out toward the car
track for the delivery wagon, and at the
same time Colonei Northam's coachman
turned toward the track to pass the larter
vehicle. At this moment an electric-car
approached at a rapid rate and struck the
rear of Colonel Northam's carriage and
turned it over. Colonel Otis was pinned
on his back under the carriage, while
Colonel Northam was sent whirling,
through the air. The latter suffered a
slight contusion on the forehead from
striking the curbstone and Colonel Oiis
complained of a severe pain in the shoul
der. Both went home without assistance.
VE NDETTA OF THE TUPS.
Kiral Chinese Commercial Bodies War
ring at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 18.—
Yups (Chinese) are at in once again, which
means that the old and bitter fued between
the See Yups and Sam Yups, which or
iginated years ago in San Francisco, and
has already caused the shedding of con
siderable blood, is about to be renewed in !
this city in a more violent form than ever.
The present is a fight between commercial
bodies, not tribes, as in the case of the
tongs recently at war with each other here.
The local Yups' tight had its origin in
the shedding ot blood also. Thia occurred
many years ago, during a fight in which a
See Yup man was killed. A Sam Yup
man was arrested by the police. The Sam
Yup commercial body came to his assis
tance and attempted to get the See Yup
organization to let him go.
They offered a great deal of money hut
the See Yups said that he had to stand
trial according to the laws of the country
The Sam Yups made a heroic struggle to
secure his Ireedom. but: the court lound
him- guilty and he paid the penalty
Thereupon the Sam Yups declared war
against the Soe Yups .and ever since have
endeavored to break the See Yup Com
pany. :■ . - / ,-■ v. .-.. ■
An outbreak : between these . bodies is
liable to occur at any time. For weeks
past individual members of the factions
have been knocked down by squids of the
opposing faction. This practice, it is be
lieved, will lead to an armed clash be
tween the clans and bloodshed is expected '
VALLEY RAILWAY
ENTERS FRESNO
Construction Forces Work
on Diana and Q
Streets.
ONE MAN IN THE WAY
J C. Shepard Secures an Injunc
tion to Check the Line's
Progress.
DEMANDS HEAVY DAMAGES.
His Case Pressed by a Southern Pa
cific Attorney — First Wheat
Shipment
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. 18.— The claims
for damages made by property-owners
along Q and Diana streets, over which the
Valley road is to pass in this city, have
been settled with the exception of
that of J. C. Shepard. He resides on Q
street, a block from the depot site, and
demands $2500 for alleged damages to
property worth about $4000. He has been
offered $1000 by the railroad company.
The grading of the road into the city
from Beimont, where it stopped until the
claims for damages were settled, was
commenced this morning, and rapid
progress was made. The tracklayers were
close behind the graders.
Shepard at once instituted injunction
proceedings through L. L. Cory, the local
attorney of the Southern Pacific, to re
strain the railroad company from ''digging
up and otherwise interfering with the use
of said street, and laying rails thereon for
the purpose of a steam railroad." It is al
leged that the property will thereby be
greatly depreciated in value and damaged ;
that such damage and depreciation will
exceed $2500 in value.
The plaintiff, therefore, prays for the
juilgment and decree of the court that the
defendant company be forever restrained
and enjoined from constructing and oper
atinir any steam railroad whatever on Q
street in front of plaintiff's premises.
Judge Risley granted an interim injunc
tion, and set Monday next, at 9 a. m., as
the time for hearing the case. Attorney
Preston of the Valley Road, who in is the
city, accepted service of the injunction.
Copies were also served on the foremen of
the grading and tracklaying gangs.
Attorney Preston stated that he expect
ed to quash the injunction on Monday
morning. Shepard has been the chief in
stigator of the movement of the property
owneis along Q and Diana streets to
present claims for damages for the pass
ine of the railroad in front of their places
and sentiment is strong against him. The
amount offered him by the railroad com
pany is a fair one in comparison with
those his neighbors received.
The injunction did not interfere with
the con?truction of the road. The graders
will not reach Snepard's place until some
time next week, and by that time it is
hoped to have matters arranged so that
they can proceed to the depot site. The
grading teams are at present engaged in
making a fill at the junction of Q and
Diana streets. The roadbed along Diana
street, which connects Beimont with Q
street, is almost completed and the track
laid most of the distance. A force of
twenty teams and seventy-five men is at
work.
The construction of the road into this
city is a source of much gratification to
the people of Fresno. They have been
waiting anxiously for a few weeks for the
work to be resumed from the Beimont
terminus. Many have visited the con
struction outfits to-day. W. C. Edes is in
charge.
A joint committee from the Chamber of
Commerce and the Hundred Thousand
Club met this evening and decided to hold
a celebration when the first regular train
should arrive in Fresno from Stockton.
The programme as arranged will consist
of a big parade, a barbecue at the depot
grounds, and an electrical display by the
San Jo;:quin Company in the evening.
The committee is, of course, not in a po
sition as yet to fix the date for holding the
celebration.
Trattic Manager Moss has authorized
Local Agent C. A. Harp to accept ship
ments of grain from Fresno at the follow
ing prices: To Stockton, $2 15 a ton; to
San Francisco and Port Costa, $2 65 a ton.
For the present the grain will be shipped
from the Beimont terminus.
To the Kutner-Goldsiein Company is
due the honor of making the first ship
ment from Fresno over the competing
road. This morning it sent the following
telegram :
Fresno. Cal., Sept. 18.
John Moss, Traffic Manager San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley LaiUoad Company, San Fran
cisco: Wire us permission to ship car of wheat
to Fort Costa over company's line to-day.
KcTNER-GoLDeTKiN Company.
The following reply was promptly re
ceived :
Stockton, Cal., Sept. 18.
Kutner-Ooldstein Company, Fresno, Cal.: We
commence to-day to receive grain at Bdmont
avenue. Rate to Stockton, $2 15; Port Costa,
$2 65 per ton, carloads. John Moss.
During the afternoon a car standing on
the Beimont switch was loaded with
twelve tons of wheat, in the presence of a
large number of representative citizens.
Banners were then 3trung along the top
of the car reading: "First carload of
wheat shipped over the Valley road from
Fresno by the Kutner-Goldstein Com
pany." The car and spectators were pho
tographed. The wheat will go to Contra
Costa.
The railroad company has sent out cir
culars calling for bids for the construction
of a brick freight deDOt in this city. The
bids are to be in by September 28.
SA N RAFAELL'S LOSS.
Philanthropic Mrs. Pacheco Dies After a
Lingering Illness,
SAN RAFAEL. Cal., Sept. 18.— Vesenta
S. Pacheco, wife of Salvador Pacheco, and
a descendant of one of the oldest and most
prominent Spanish families of California,
died yesterday morning after a lingering
illness.
Mrs. Pacheco was one of the heirs of the
famous James Black estate, which at one
time comprised nearly the whole of Marin
County. She is survived by her husband,
son and daughter. The funeral was held
to-day from the Church of St. Rafael. Mrs.
Pacheco was widely known and loved for
her munificent charities.
Sauialltn Foresters' Hall.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 18.— Court Ba
salito No. 150, Foresters of America, will
give a ball at the Pacific Yacht Club
house next Wednesday evening. Elabo
rate preparations ure being made and the
affair promises to be a social success.
Sautalito family How.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept, 18.— Ed
Guiterrez was arrested by Deputy Con
stable Barry this afternoon on complaint
of his wife for disturbing the peace.
Gniterrez had pursued her around the
house with a razor. He was brought be
fore Judge Betrude and released on his
own recognization after promising to be
have himself.
BOULDER CHEEK GOLD.
Remarkably Jiieh Strike in the Cuya
maea Mountains.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. , 18. — Mat
Wormer, a German- American prospector
who has been mining in Guyamaca Moun
tains, fifty miles east of here the past three
years, has discovered a ledge of tellurium
ore that at the Selby smelter in San Fran
cisco assays $28,000 to the ton. The rock
was not known to be valuable until a man
from Colorado induced Wormer to have
the assay made.
Wormer bought the adjoining claim be
fore the result of the assay was made
known and now controls the whole moun
tain. He is now in this city and has tiled
location notices on several claims. Pros
pectors at Julian and adjacent points will
take up claims near those or Wormer,
which are situated at the junction of John
son and Boulder creeks, lour miles south
of Cuyamaca dam.
Mare Island Appointment.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 18. —Austin
Blaruer of San Francisco has been ap
pointed time clerk in the department of
constructions and repairs by the Civil Ser
vice Commission to till the vacancy caused
by the resignation of A. J. Meyers, who
was sent out from Kansas a short time
ago. Meyers is competent to hold tue
position, but he is homesick and wants to
go back among the grasshopper trails.
where he can make just ns much money
in the same length of time and with half
the work. As soon as B.amer reports for
duty Meyers will varate.
POINT LOBDS ACCIDENT
Probably Fatal Wounding of a
Young Hunter From San
Francisco.
Careless Handling of a Shotgun Re
su ts in the Loss of an
Arm.
MONTEREY, Cal., Sept. 18. — Point
Lobon, eleven miles from this place down
the coast, is noted for its peculiar forma
tion of rocks, picturesque scenery and its
fine hunting-grounds. After the^famous
seventeen-mile drive it is the chief point
of interest to all tourists who visit Hotel
del Monte, Monterey and Pacific Grove,
it overlooks the old Carmel Mission,
founded in 1770 by Padre Junipero Sena.
Some of the oldest Indian families liveing
hereabout have a horror of this point, and
say that it is hoodooed, especially on cer
tain days in the year, and that if any one
visits the place on these days some mis
fortune will befall him. However true
the prophesies of these old Indians may
be many accidents have occurred there,
and always on these particular days. The
last "hoodoo" time was only a day or two
ago, and the person that came under its
influence was F. B. Evans, a young man
in the employ of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s ex
press as shipping agent at San Francisco.
Evans was here enjoying his annual
vacation in hunting and fishing. He met
with a sad accident, wtiich curtailed his
pleasure and will, even if he recovers, un
fit him for further labor at his post.
Wiien starting for home, after enjoying
some fine shooting on Point Lobos, he was
putting his pun into the wagon when it
vas accidentally discharged, the whole
charge entering his arm at the elbow,
tearing away part of the bone and inflict
ing an awful wound.
The young man was brought to Monte
rey, the nearest point, as quickly as pos
sible, and the wound was carefully dressed.
he was taken to San Francisco yesterday
morning. The doctors say there is no
possible chance to save his arm.
DISAPPEARED IN BUTTE.
Drummer Fairchild of San Francisco Is
Missing.
PORTLAND, Ok., Sept. 18. — Charles R.
Fairchild, a jewelry drummer of San
Francisco, who is well known in this city,
is missing. He passed through Portland
on his way to Montana late in August,
and was last seen in Butte, Mont., where
he was at the Hotel McDermott up to
September 3, when he disappeared from the
hotel. He left in the hotel safe packages
containing $5000 worth of jewelry samples.
it is believed in Butte that he either be
came demented suddenly and wandered
away or that he met with foul play at the
hands of men who knew that he had val
uables in his possession.
Fairchild is a son of a retired gold»pen
manutacturer of New York. During the
past ten years he has traveled for San
Francisco jewelry houses, and has made a
score of trips to Portland.
Sonoma Highwayman Convicted.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 18.— Henry
Ammerman, charged with assaulting and
robbing Richard Johnson, a young farmer
on the road near Santa Rosa a few weeks
ago, was found guilty in the Superior
Court here last evening. Ammerman
knocked Johnson down one dark niirht,
went through his pockets and took all his
money, and then threw him over a fence
into a field, leaving him in an unconscious
condition. The jury was out only forty
ruinuies. Ammerman will come up for
sentence on Monday.
Tisalim Trial Continued.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. eB.— C. M. Coe.
the sick juror in the case of the people vs.
Charles Ardell, charged with complicity
in the attempt to hold up a Southern
Pacific train near Tagus on the night of
March 18, had recovered this morning, but
Gen' ral Kitterell was sick and the defense
ask i for a continuance ot one day, which
was granted. Judge Gray to-day informed
the attorneys on both sides tnat the case
wbuld proceed to-morrow "just the same."
Captain Britton Dies at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept 18.— Captain
Thomas Britton, commander of United
States troops at Old San Diego when
California was captured by Americans,
died at his home near this city to-day at
an advanced age. His funeral will be in
charge of Company H of the First In
fanty, U. 8. A., and deceased will be
buried with military honors. Captain
Britton has lived a retired life for many
years.
On Mare Island's Drydoch.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 18.— The monitor
Monterey went on to the drydock this
afternoon. Two midship platss will be
replaced. They were damaged by the
steamer Transit when it ran afoul of the
warship on Puget Sound. As soon as the
water was lowered tue scrapiug of the
hull was commenced. It is not known
how long the monitor will remain here.
The present commander, Captain Nicoll
Ludlow, will soon be detached and leave
for the East, where he will be wedded.
Elopers Caught at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 18. -Mrs.
Antoine Dortero, wife of a well-to-do
Italian, having deserted three young cnil
dren and a comfortable home at Van
couver, Wash., to elope with Raymond
Diaz, a Spanish musician, languishes in
jail in this city. So does Diaz. Dortero,
who caused their arrest, bad been search
ing for the couple since last May. The
erring wife refuses to return to home and
children.
DARING ROBBERY
AT SACRAMENTO
With a Cobblestone a Thief
Breaks His Way to
Jewels.
PLATE-GLASS WRECKED.
Smashes a Window and Seizes
Trays of Gems Displayed
Within.
TRIPPED AND MADE CAPTIVE.
Diamonds, Emeralds and Topazes
Snatched Up by a Crowd of
Spectators.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 18.— One of
the most daring attempts at robbery
planned in this city for years was made
this evening, and several people are the
possessors of diamond, emerald or topaz
rings which cost them only the trouble of
picking them up from the gutter, while
th« would-be thief is an occupant of one
of the City Prison cells with a badly
lacerated hand and wrist.
As A. Gerlach, manager in K. Wach
horst's jewelry-store on J street, between
Third and Fourth, was engaged in remov
ing the trays of diamonds and other jew
els from the show-window shortly after 7
o'clock a man hurled a 15-pound cobble
stone through the plate-glass win
dow, shattering it from top to bottom.
He then reached in and caught up a tray
of rings. Gerlach seized a light cane and
struck the robber over the head, snapping
the frail stick in two. Without heeding
the blow the thief started to run up J
street toward Fourth.
The crashing of the splintered glass
drew the attention of all the pedestrians
in sight, and as the thief ran by Hogan's
restaurant, a few doors above the jewelry
store, William Hogan, who was standing
in the doorway, threw out his foot and
tripped the runner. He fell to the side
walk, scattering the gems in all directions.
Without attempting to guther his plunder
he sprang to his feet and ran across the
street. He was captured by E. F. Foroau
and Howard Cook, who conveyed him to
the police station, where he gave the
name of Frank Holden and was placed
under lock and key.
Holden is a stranger to the members of
the police force, but has been seen around
the racetrack for the past two weeks. He
was evidently rendered desperate by ill
luck in guessing the wrong horse.
As soon as his capture was effected the
crowd began a search for the scattered
plunder, with the result that but nine
rings out of the thirty-five that had filled
the tray were recovered, the rest having
mysteriously disappeared. Wachhorst
states that the tray of rings was worth
about $2000, and that his loss is at least
$150 U. Three years ago a similar attempt
wns made on the same establishment, and
at that time the robbers captured nearly
$8000 worth of jewelry, which was never
recovered.
The police have learned that, during the
grapple with the robber, a man and a
woman who were passing the spot picked
up the tray and many of the rings and
disappeared. It is not believed that they
were confederates of the robber, but
rather that they will either hold out for a
reward or dispose of them on their own
account. Later a man entered the West
ern Union Telegraph office and endeav
ored to pawn a new diamond ring for $10,
but was unsuccessful.
Shields Succeeds Lindley.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 18.— Peter
J. Shields, secretary of the Code Commis
sion, was to-day appointed a trustee of the
State Library, vice Curtis H. Lindley, re
signed.
HAS A THO USAND WIENNSNN.
Pastor McLean's •nsnilant Will Fight
against Conviction.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 18.— Samuel
K. Adams, who was expelled from tha
floor of the late Republican convention in
this city for an alleged assault on a Metho
dist preacher, and was charged with bat
tery on the person of Rev. C. C. McLean
of Simpson Tabernacle, proposes to fi^ht
the cnarge. He to-oay handed to the
police court clerk a list of about 1000
names of delegates and spectators at the
convention and a^ked that subpenas be
issued for all. The clerk appealed to the
District Attorney for relief, but It is doubt
ful if Adam's demand can be avoided. It
would cost the county about $1000 to
bring this string of witnesses into court
and require the united efforts of all the
policemen and constables in town for two
weeks to serve the subpenas.
Father York* at Vnllejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 18.— Rev. P. C.
Yorke delivered an eloquent lecture in
Farragut Hall to-night under the auspices
of the Young Men's Institute. Every seat
in the ball was occupied. J^rectding the
lecture an interesting musical programme
wns rendered by local talent.
KEW TO-SAT.
lnHiblAlv
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
Local Politicians Scored.
As Huntington Sees It.
Hudelson's Threat to Kill/
Woolly, Wily Wise.
The Irish Prisoner.
Advice to the Ministry.
Manager Fiest Proved a
Fraud.
5 Cents Per Copy.
$1.50 per Year.
ADDRESS
, L.W. LOYEY, Manager, 429 Montgomery St
34
DEPART FROM
HOTEL DEL MAR
Catholic Ladies Conclude
Their Deliberations and
Adjourn.
PLANS FOR THE FUTURE
The Society's Seaside Retreat to
Be Freed From Debt and
Beautified.
HOSPITALITY OF SANTA CRUZ.
Delegates Are Tendered a Reception
and Participate in a
Dance.
SANTA MARIA DEL MAR, Cal., Sept
3*. — The ninth annual convention of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society adjourned
Bine die this afternoon at Hotel del Mar.
"It is all over now," a delegate remarked,
•*»nd we are happy and aatisfiecl that the
ooming year i< one of great promise for
the society."
The deliberations of the Grand Council
"were almost wholly directed toward widen
ing the scope of the society's usefulness
and the peneral improvement of the Cath
olic seaside resort of Santa Maria del Mar.
Under the improved amended constitution
the business of the society can be more
satisfactorily conducted than formerly
and charitable work more intelligently
done by each and every branch. Looking
back over the work accomplished in the
past few days delegates say they are
highly gratified with the result and can
return to their homes feeling convinced
that their efforts and actions meet with
the entire approval of all members of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society. Certainly
they are sure of the commendation of the
Santa Cruz branch, and for very good rea
sons, in view of the reception given them
last night by their sisters of Santa Crnz.
This was beyond doubt the most delight
ful experience of the delegates during
their visit here, and it was the talk of
everybody in I>.l Mar to-day.
When the Jadies at rived at the Sea Beach
Hotel they were ushered into tha parlors
overlooking Santa Crnz strand. Beautiful
flowers and evergreens were everywhere
to be seen, for the reception committee
had decorated the handsome apartments
with masses of blossoms. Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter delivered pn address of
welcome to the ladies of the society. He
commended their charitable work and the
purposes for which they were organized,
and said they could congratulate them
selves on their place of permanent meet
ing by the reaside, and Santa Cruz could
be congratulated in having the ladies as
neighbors and frequent visitors.
Mr. Jeter's words touched a responsive
chord in his audience, and he was cor
dially applauded. He presided during the
reception and introduced Mine. Stella
Lind and T. W. Kelly, who sang delight
fully. Hiss do St. Hubert played a violin
solo, and between numbers selected music
was discoursed by the United States In
fantry band.
The reception committee consisted of
Mrs. J. H. Logan, Mrs. J. G. Cooney, Mrs.
George Bowes, Mrs. Mageie Tait, Mrs.
Thomas Brady, Mrs. Thomas O'Neil and
the Misses Jennie Mnlhern, Kate Handley,
Mary Neary and Josie Reardon.
After the conclusion of the musical pro
gramme the bail began. Captain O'Con
uell, U. S. A., and Miss de St. Hubert led
the grand march. Dancing was continued
until midnight, when a charming moon
light ride along the cliffs to Del -Mar was
enjoyed.
The ball was managed by J. T. Stanton,
J. H. Leonard, J. \V. Kelly. Dr. Cristal,
J:. s. Tait, W. D. Tait; floor committee—
G. R. Tait. Charles Gillen, Enoch Alzina
and John Sullivan.
The first business of the Grand Council
this morning was the selection of San
Francisco as the place for holding the
next convention, in September, 18y7. The
salaries of grand treasurer and grand sec
retary were not changed, although there
was some discussion upon the advisability
of altering them. As the constitution was
assuming the character of the California
codes, through amendments arising from
exigencies of new conditions, new consti
tutions were ordered printed and dis
tributed. It was decided that any mem
ber of the Grand Council not appearing at
its sessions should be considered ineligible
to any office in its gift.
Votes of thanks were tendered to Mrs.
M. J. Lohse, founder of the society; Mrs.
J. G. Cooney, senior grand vice-president
of Santa Cruz; Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety No. 13, and Young Men's Institute
No. 12, Santa Cruz, ana to the Rev. P. C.
Yorke for his interest in the society's
headquarters in San Francisco. Miss
Marcella Fitzgerald of Gilroy was dep
utized to convey the thanks of tue ladies
by letter to Bishop Montgomery, Father
"iorke and Father McNamee.
At the afternoon session a report upon
the management of the Hotel del Mar and
land was presented. It recommended
that the grand president, Mrs. Margaret
Deane, be empowered to name seven trus
tees to manage the property. This recom
mendation was accepted in slightly modi
fied form. The grand president will se
lect three members of the board of trus
tees from the grand directors and four
from owners of lots in the Del Mar Tract,
the seven to have full control and man
agement of the property.
The earnest desire of the Grand Council
is that no effort will be spared by the
hotel and land trustees to raise the mort
gage of $5700 within a year, and further
more that the tract be beautified. So
much has been done in this direction that
it is believed another year will mark great
strides forward in this Catholic seaside
resort.
The committee on order 0! business rec
ommended that the usual parliamentary*
form of proceeding in the Grand Council
be adopted, and the report was accepted.
Regarding the password of the order, it
was decided that members of ju borainate
branches be entitled to the password until
suspended, and that the password be given
audibly by the branch president to mem
bers either upon initiation or at the insti
tution of a branch.
The reports of the Grand Council were
ordered printed in the proceedings, ana
with a rising vote of thanks t j Mrs. Loer.n
of Santa Cruz and to the trustees of Del
Mar the convention was adjourned sir.c
die.
TERRIBLE DOMESTIC INSGEDE.
An loien Farmtr Kills Hl* Deserting
Wife and. Himself.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 18.— A domes
tic quarrel begun in lowa resulted in a
terrible tragedy in this city to-day. - S. J.
Keller, a farmer from lowa, came to this
city this morning in search of his wife,
who had deserted him. He. traced her to
St. Joseph, and evidently knew where to
look for her, for early this afternoon He
located her in the southern part of the city.
There was little said by the couple when
they met. The woman, who evidently
feared him, c tar ted to run when she saw
hint. He pulled out a revolver and fired
at her with fatal effect, for she fell dead to
the floor.
Almost at once he turned tbe revolver
on himself. The bullet almost tore off the
top of his head, and he fell dead beside
the body of his wife.
CROSS ARRIVES AT STANFORD.
The Coach - Sizes Up" the Men Who
Aspire to Varsity Football Team
Positions.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Sept.
18.— The big Stanford coach and trainer of
the Stanford football team, Harry 1\
Cross, arrived' this morning and brought
with him a feeling of encouragement and
enthusiasm. He spent the morning look
ing over the grounds and getting
acquainted with the players, whose efforts
for the coming months he will direct
His appearance at Encina was the signal
for an overwhelming demonstration of
student satisfaction, with which the big
fellow was evidently pleased. In talking
over the prospects and plans for the
coming season Mr. Cross said:
"What do I think of the men? Well,
that is a little bit premature, as I haven't
seen all of them yet and none of them
lined up. But so far as 1 can judge Stan
ford has excellent material for an eleven.
The men are bl£, stout fellows and look
like bard-workers and as though they all
took good care of themselves. If that is
the case it won't taKe long to get them
into condition fcr putting us a strong
game, and I consider eight weeks amply
sufficient for training a team."
As to the character of the training, the
coach said that he didn't believe in long
or violent training.
"What I want to do is to keep the men
at regular work every evening just so long
that they are not tired out. 1 desire to
liave tne men eager each day for the next
day's practice and to keep up interest in
that manner. Much responsibility, of
course, rests with the boys themselves.
They must appreciate the "game and re
member that they are working for their
college'! reputation on the athletic field.
This should be sufficient incentive for
them to play a good game and train con
scientiously. 1 don't believe, however, in
having the men worn out each day — that
results from overtraining."
Speaking of the line he said : "We will
devote special attention to making the line
impregnable. Yale has always relied more
on straight football with a strong line than
on trick plays with an uncertain line. 1
shall follow out that policy here ana teach
the fellows few or no tricks. They never
wort well in tight holes and the good
strong game is what counts."
Cross doesn't have much use for gym
nasium work for football men ; he believes
the men improve in wind, endurance and
muscle more by outdoor exercise than in
door work.
"Will you put on a suit and get Into the
play occasionally?" was asked.
"Well, not at once," was the answer.
"Later, however, 1 expect to play with the
fellows to teach them what 1 can by per
sonal opposition in the line."
Cross will be here until after the Dig in
tfircoilegiate game on Thanksgiving. He
is stopping on the campus, where he can
oversee the men's work. He is delighted
with the location of Stanford and its entire
make-up.
This evening he had the men at a regu
lar practice game for a half hour, before
which the candidates were punting the bail
under bis supervision. He expressed him
self as very favorably impressed with the
work and appearance of the players.
AWFUL MURDER IN KANSAS.
A Seamstress Hacked to Death With a
Hatchet While in Bed— Robbery
the Motive.
LAWRENCE, Kans., Sept. 18— An atro
cious murder was discovered this morn
ng when neighbors of Miss Martha Mc-
Coy entered her room to ascertain why she
had not made her appearance as usual.
They found her lying on her bed mangled
in a horrible manner, while the bed itself
was saturated with blood, which had
dripped on the floor and formed a pool
there.
A single glance only was needed to show
that a dreadful crime had been com
mitted. Lying on the bed close beside the
body of the unfortunate woman was a
hatchet, its blade and handle all blood
covered, while the dreadful gashes in the
woman's head showed how effectively it
had been nsed.
The alarm was at once given and the
police took possession of the premises, but
were unable to discover any clew to the
murderer. From the condition of the
body when found it waß evident that the
woman had been dead several hours. The
murder was probably committed about
midnight or shortly afterward.
Miss McCoy was a seamstress. She had
worked hard and bad accumulated consid
erable money, a lartre part of which she
kept in her room. It is supposed that the
murderer learned that fact and entered
the room during the night for purposes of
robbery. Miss McCoy probably awoke
while the man was at work, and to save
himself he killed her. He had ransacked
her room and had evidently secured the
money for which he had searched.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Mail Messenger Service Established in
Siskiyou County— Petitions.
WASHINGTON, ,D. C, Sept. 18.— Mall
messenger service has been established
between the Southern . Pacific Railroad
and Sisson, Siskiyou County, Cal.
S. Joseph Theisen of San Francisco and
James L. Gallagher of San Francisco have
been admitted to practice before the In
terior Department. *
H. W. Harris of San Francisco is at the
Strathmore and R. L. Strother of Los An
geles is at the Shorebam. - '
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows: '
; California: Original— Henry H. Hitch
cock, San Francisco; Charles W. Damon,
Sheep Ranch; Abraham Rose, Veterans.'
Home, Napa; Armlnda Sweet (nurse), San
Francisco. Additional— David Tremble,
Los Angeles. Increase— John J. Murphy,
Veterans' Home, Napa; William H.
Stewart, Riverside (special September
John Williams, Fresno. Original widow
(special September 4)— Catnerine Kohler,
San .Francisco. Mexican War survivor'
reissue and increase— James 11. Wllcox
Colfax. '
Oregon: Original— William L. Opdycke
Sellwood. Original widow— Lydia Live
say, Oregon City.
in Javan's yew Cabinet.
YOKOHAMA, Japan, Sept. 18.— Count
MalsuKata has been appointed Prime Min
istfr and Minister of Finance, Viscount
Takashima Minister of War, and Count
Olaima Minifter of Foreign Affairs.
The Tint of the Czar.
LONDON, Esq., Sept. 18.— The arrival
of the Czar and Czarina at Leith, whither
they will proceed to Balmoral to visit the
Queen, has been postponed from Monday.
September 21, to September 22.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
Ar.w voKIv- Arrived Sept 1;-— S.,ur Ht Ljulm
from Southampton: simr Lucaaia, from Liverpool
ami QueensU)»n; stmr Coiumbia, from Hamburg
Southampton and Cherbourg: stmr Prussia, from
Hamburg; stmr California, from .Mediterraneun
ports.
bailed Sept l«-stmr State of Nebratka, for
Gla*eow.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrfved out S«pt 18— Stmr
Campania.
SOUTHAMPTON-Halled Sept 18-Stmr Kor
mamiia. for New York.
BREMKRHAVEN-SaUXI Sept 18-Stmr Bonn,
for New York.
GLASGOW-Salied Sept 17-Stmr ClrcaMia, for
New York,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
RUINART WINS AT
THE STATE FAIR
Vinctor Beaten by George
Rose's Great Three-
Year-Old.
FINISH IN SLOW TIME.
Backers of the Brutus Horse
Heavy Losers to the
Race.
THREE FAVORITES IN FRONT.
Little Cripple Shows His Old-Time
Form— Horsewomen Ride for
Prizes.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 18.— The
fact that Bookmaker George Kose's great
three-year-old Ituinart and the record
breaking Vinctor were to try conclusions
at a mile attracted another big crowd to
Agricultural Park to-day. Interest was
chiefly centered in this event, and there
was some heavy wagering on the race.
The opening betting favored Ruinart at
odds of 4 to 5, with 9 to 10 chalked against
the Brutus horse. The only other starter,
Grady, was a 00 to 1 shot. The race as
run proved Vinctor to be many pounds
from nis best form. Both horses closed in
the ring at 9 to 10.
Vinetor took the lead from Grady after
a Quarter had been traveled, showing a
neck before Ruinart at the end of six
furloug.-j, covered in 1:1b. Freeman then
gave Ruinart his bead, and the brown
fellow walked past Vinctor and won with
his rider looking back in the slow time of
1:42. The outcome of the race was a sad
disappointment both to Vinctor's owner
and the public in general.
Three favor ites, a second choice and an
outsider scored winning brackets and tbe
betting fraternity left the track with quite
a bundle of celebration money. Caliente,
Fleur de Lis, Miss Pollard und Little Crip
ple were the other winners the books had
to pay off on. Phaeda, ridden by little
••.iimrny" Woods, backed down from GO to
20 to 1, was sent out by ber people fur a
"killing"' in tbe last race, but had to be
content with second place.
Ten selling platers furnished a lively
betting affair for an opener, tbe distance
being six furlongs. Caliente, played down
from twos to 8 to s,wou rather easily at the
end from Rose Clark, a 30 to 1 shot sleeper
which finally tumbled out of bed. Among
those who also ran and should have shown
up better were Seaside and Sunrise 11.
Both will bear watching in future races.
After receding in the betting from evens
to 3 to 2, Fleur de Lis downed the other
four starters in the six furlong spin for
two-year-olds. Howard S, whose odas
were pountled down from 2J.^ to 1 to 7 to 5
favoritism, finished third. Hard tact 11
made the running to the stretch, when
l'iggott gradually moved Fleur de Lis into
the lead, and she won, ridden out, three
patts of a length before Hobenzollern.
Tbe black horse Bueno again dumped
the talent hard in the seven and » half
furlong run, with a field of nine starting.
Backed down from even money t© 1 to 2,
he showed prominently for part of the
distance and then finished back in tn
ruck. Striking the stretch second to Kn
cino, who had been malting the running,
Miss Pollard, a daughter of imp. Idalium,
separated herself from the bunch and won
at the wire by half a length iroin Long
Lady, who came with a meteoric rush at
the close. Two Cheers, the second choice,
was third.
The concluding race was a mile and a
quarter selling event. Opening at '21,2 l , to
1, the ring was besieged with coin on Lit
tle Cripple, and the brown gelding clQsed
an even- money chance. The two out
siders, Castanette and Phaeda, led the
lield a merry chase to the stretch, where
the former had enough. The fir>t choice
gradually mowed down Phaeda's lead and
won easily In 2:09).£. Little Bob ended up
third, behind Phaeda.
Six furloncs, selling; purse f 350.
El i'rlmero stable's cv. c. (.allenle, 90, by El R!o
Jlev-Hettle Humphrey (Butler), 8 to 6 1
A. K. Watenmn's rli. m. Rose Clark, 9:1, hv
Prince of IS'orfolK-Ktta W (Shepurd). 30 to 1.. 2
Floodmore stable's cb. m. l.a l'leeha, 87, by
.Flambeau-Flam (Maxey), 30 to 1 3
Time, l-.U'/j.,
I.nrfllo, llo ward, Sunrise IX, Coda, Seaside, Sa
biila and Kir Michard also ran.
Ocemlle; purse $400.
Georse Rose's br. c. Bnlnart, 105, by St. Carlo-
Queen Alta (Freeman), 9 to 10 1
Eimwood ttoc-lc farm's b. b. Vinctor, lift, by
imp. Jirutus-ilol ie U. (Narvaez), 9 to 10. 2
Owen Bros.' b. c. Orady, 100, by Thiree Cheers-
Goia Cup (Cole), 30 to 1 S
Time, 1:42.
Six furlongs, two-year olds: purse $400.
El rnmero stable's br. f. Fteur de i,it, 105, by
Maxim-Kleuretle (Plggott), 3 to 2. 1
Eimwood stocK farm's b. c Hobenzollern, 108,
by imp. Brutus-Brown Maria (Narvaez), 3i/fc
to 1 2
J. H. Shields' br. c Howard S, 108, by Whistle
Jacket-Zelica (EnoB), 7 to 5 3
Time, 1:14 Vi-
Hallelujah and Hardtack also ran.
seven and a half furlooira, selling; purse $350.
Shaner <fe Burllnsame's br. f. Miss Pollard, 113,
by imp. IdiUium-by Kyrle Daly (Burllngaine),
6 to 1 x
J. C. Humphreys' b. f. Long Lady, 113, by Major
Ban-Decoy Duck (Plggoct), 16 to 1 2
Floodmore stable's br. g. Two Cheers, 122, by
Three Cheers- Lady Emma (Bozeman), 9 to 2 . 3
Time. 1-.36 V&.
Endno, Warraeo, Jaet Richelieu, Rebellion,
Eueno aud Yon Dunk also ran.
One and a quarter miles: soiling: purse $350.
J. C Humphreys' br. g. Little Cripple. 97, by
Pirates of Peuzance-Lady (Stanhope (Plggott),
even. i
W. J. Mabttu's br. m. Phaeda, 84, by Ouonduka,
by Lisbon (Woods). 60 to 1 .3
W. Fisher's eh. g. Little Bob, 97, by Surinam-
Daisy S (butler), 6 to 1 3
Time, 'J:0»y 2 .
Fred Gardner, Clara Johnson, Castanette,
Mirambo and Trix also ran.
Following are to-morrow's entries:
Selling, five and a half furlongs— Link Boy
IW, Billy Vice 105, Seven Up 99, Mlnta
Owens 90, The Plunger 99, P F 102, Principle
99. Alazan 99, D. J. Tobin 102.
Selling, six furlongs— Gladlola 104, Bueno
104, Sabilla 95, Rummel 93, Con Moto 98
Charles A 101, Mainstay 110, Hymn 107 Sea
£pray 104, Bernardo 104, Kose Clarlc 101, Is'ic
Nac 102, Kicarao 104.
Autumn handicap, one mile— Tea Rose 104
True Blue IOC, The Roman 100, Geyser lis'
Vinctor 110, Lumina 110.
Special, eleven-sixteenths of a mile— Seaside
101, Warrago9o, Miss Pollard 99, Artlcus 104
Kncino 8!», J.ack Richelieu 104.
Dark town handicap, one mile— Trix 150
Tuxedo 150. Lorena II 137, Hazard 140 Rea
gft" 150, Reildington 140, Uncle Sam 150
Hurdle, selling, one and an eighth miles—
Mnlo Diablo 145. Gold Dust 141, J O C 150
I iiarles Boots 131, Robin Hood 1 141.
The grand stand at the track was well
filled during the forenoon to see tbe
young; lady contestants in the eques
trienne tourney show their prowess in the
saddle. After watching the maneuvers of
each the judges decided that Miss Gene
vieve Henry of Sacramento was en
titled to the first prize of $40. Miss
E. I* Ward of Oakland carried off the sec
ond prize of $35, and to Miss Augustine
Dv Milieu of Sacramento fell the third
prize of ?25. Fourth prize went to Miss
Grace Farnsworth and. fifth to Miss Bessie
Quarles. Tbe clever little reinswoman,
Miss May Heath, carried off two first
prizes, one for the most Bkillful handling
of a single horse and the other for her su
perior skill in handling the reins over a
four-in-hand. Miss Quarles was also
awarded a special prize of $25 for skillful
horsewonianship.
Miss Heath, Mrs. F. Jones, Mrs. 11. Jen
sen, Mrs, O. A.Wilheim, Mrs. J. Callendine
and T. Crone were the competitors in the
single harness division. Miss Heath was
awarded the iim prize, $26; Mrs. F. Jones
taking second, $13; Mrs. Jensen the third
prize, $10: the fourth, $5, gome to Mrs. 0.
A. Wilheim.
Winner* of Xurf Events.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept 18.— Six and a half fur
longs, Rose dOr won, Safe Home second,
Martha Griffin third. Time, I :22££.
Five furlongs, Ray II won, Graefin second,
Glad Eyes third. Time, 1:03.
Mile and an eighth, Mamie G won, Fasig
second, Hotspur third. Time, 1 :.W,'.
Seven furlongs, Fannie Roweiw won, Pelleas
second, Ben Amelia third. Time, 1 :283+-
Five furlong*, Miss Baker won. Nannie L's
Sister second, Silver Set third. Time, 1:02^.
One mile, Gold Corn won. Mermaid second,
Rob Roy II third. Time, 1 -A2X-
Alameda-Los AngeUs Jtaseball Dispute.
CLEVELAND, Omo, Sept. 13. — In the
cane of the Alameda.s' protest against the
Tufts-Arms Company nine at Los Angeles,
Manager Burks of the Los Angeles team
has introduced three affidavits bearing a
notary's se,al to offset Alameda's claim.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Francfc, Darents of the
protested player, have sworn to affidavits
that their son was born November % 1878,
and is therefore but 17 years and 11 months
old. Second Baseman Tufts also swears
before the notary that he (Tufts) was re
sponsible for the clerical error on the
entry-list. He says that it was through
an error of the typewriter that the mis
take occurred.
TENNIS AT PACIFIC GROVE.
Harper and Janet Heaten by flnley and
Hamilton.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 18.— The
most exciting game of tennis ever wit
nessed at this place was played this after
noon on the city courts. Tne contestants
were Ed Finley and Dudley Hamilton
against James Harper and A. W. Jones
Jr. Both teams played in the Pacific
Coast tournament on the Btn and 9th and
did good work. There was great rivalry
between them. A large crowd was in at
tendance this afternoon. Harper and
Jones played a game after the style of the
Whitney brothers and did excellent work
all through the matcb, but this style
of playing being rather new to them they
lost. The score was: 6—2, I—6, 6—l,6 — 1, B—6.
Uoth teams will represent Monterey and
Pacific Grove la the Monterey County
tournament for doubles championship,
whicu will shortly take place, and it is
believed the losers of to-day's match will
capture the cups. Jones holds the county
singles and Harper the Pacitic Grove city
singles championship.
STAR POINTER IS KING,
Paces the Three Fastest Con
secutive Mile Heats on
Record.
Goes a Half in :s<) 3-4, Establishing a
World's Figure lor That
Distance.
MKDFOKD. Mass.. Sept. 18.— An enor
mous crowd gathered at Mystic Park this
afternoon to witness thefree-lor-all pacing
contest in which Robert J, Frank Agan
and Star .Pointer were entered.
The race dedeveloped the three
fastest consecutive beats ever paced,
while in the first heat the New
England track record for a mile was
beaten and a world's pacing record for
half a mile was established by Star
j Pointer.
When the horses were sent off in the
first heat Star Pointer had the pole, with
, Robert J in second place and Frank Agan
on ttie outside. At the quarter, which
was made in :29%, Pointer was in the
lead, with the others at hia heels, and
when Star Pointer passed tbe half in
:oß9£, beating all exlsiting pacing records,
a tremendous shout went up from the
throats of thousands of spectator?. The
three-quarters was passed in I:3l'£, with
the positions of the racers unchanged.
Into the stretch they came at a record
breaking gait, all three working as steadily
as engines. Pointer shot under the wire a
winner by half a length in 2:G2J^, and
when the crowd realized tbe fast time that
had been made the excitement was tre
mendous.
In the second heat Star Pointer led from
the start to the end of the mile, and the
relative positions of the horses were un
changed throughout. Time, 2:O3J^.
The third beat was practically a repeti
tion of the second until within the last
thirty rods of the wire, when Robert J,
who bad been pushing Frank Agan bard
all the way for second place, pushed by
him and finished about a length behind
Pointer. Time, 2:03%.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of* the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clcbs.
Won.
Lost.
Per
Cent.
Baltimore „••.....;
Cleveland
Cincinnati. , ,
Chicago
805t0n........
Pittsburgh
Philadelphia
New Yoric
Brooklyn
Washington
Si. Louis. -..
Louisville
86
76
75
70
88
84
BO
61
CD
64
n
34
38
45
48
56
66
69
«3
63
tiß
69
88
89
.704
! .628
I .609
.665
.548
.520
487
.491
.447
.439
.298
.276
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 18.-Bcore: Pitts
burgs— 11, 1(5, 2; Louisvllles— 6, 11, 1. Bat
teries—Hastings and Merritt; Frazer and Dex
ter. Umpire — Uornung.
BALTIMORE, Me, Sept. 18.— Score: Baltl
mores—B,lo, 2; Bostons— 3. 8, 3. Batteries—
Corbet t and Robinson; Klotedanx and Bergen.
Umpire— Lynch.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 18.— Score: New
Yorks— B, 9, 2; Philadelphias—4, C, 1. Bat
teries— Dorieny and Warner; Taylor and Brady.
Umpire— Emslie.
No game between St Louts and Chicago or
Washlnjrton and Brooklyn.
CAPTAI N ANSON'S WRATH.
Says the Cleveland* Played the Chicagos
"a Tebau Trieli."
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 18.— Captain
Anson of the Chicago ball team yesterday
advanced a novel reason for the postpone*
ment of tbe game between Cleveland and
Chicago. Play was interrupted on account
of the wet grounds, and while the early
rain did not appear to be heavy enough to
render the grounds unfit for playin?, when
the hour for the game arrived it was dis
covered that League Park was the damp
est place in the neighborhood. Anson
was greatly disappointed and not dis
posed to take the disappointment good
naturedly.
-It is a Tebau trick," he said. "He has
used up bis pitchers on us and would have
to put in Young or Cuppy. He wants to
save that pair for Cincinnati, so wet
grounds is the excuse. You can't tell me
that amount of rain made all this mud.
Iso, sir; Tebaeu had a lot of men out with
hose all the morning, and I know it."
Armed Mexicans on the Border.
EL ITASO, Tex., Sept. 18.— A telegram
from Las Cruces, N. M., states that a body
of seventy-five armed Mexicans has just
passed a station above Las Cruces, coming
toward El Paso; that the men are well
mounted and all armed with new Win
chester rifles.
The police last night arrested three
Mexicans on the river above the city,
armed with rifles and revolvers. Persons
comiug up from the valley report that the
island twenty-four miles from El Paso is
alive with armed men.
Coinage of Silver Dollars.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept, 18.— Mint
Director Preston made public to-day the
coinage of silver dollars for August.
There were coined $2,(350,000, the seigni
orage on which amounted to $822,027 03,
which was yesterday paid into the treasury.
Heath of a Russian Diplomat.
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 13. — The St.
Petersburg correspondent of the Times
telegraphs that M. Neklndoff, Assistant
Minister of the Interior, died suddenly to
day.
la the llgbt Tnilriß This won-
tnat will derlul dip-
bring a great MbpJ co very was
happiness to il-ftrntnvl fcpecialistsof
you will see ous HucUon
d o w w f* & tv siiMD^u jl **
made. Hud- vitalizer
yau is tor iKiJffßSiiiß made It is
iv a ii. me nBUy— JTHpJ sn riowprfnl
great hug- si»«k'i^fi* that it is
Mnriinai JBBffl WWM^sm *"■ *ou can
Jneaicai HmJHhHHI pot it fm™
InstittitA WiJoflUrffWllOßMt fet*v ifc iiwiii
from th« Hudson Medical Institute. Write for
circulars and testimonials.
The extraordinary Keiuvenator Is the most
wonderful discovery of the age. It has been
indorsed by the leading scientific men oi
Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
charge in twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitcbings of the eyes and otber
parts. Strengthens, invigorates and tones the
entire system. It is as cheap as any other
remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness, emis-
sions, and develops and restores weak organs.
Pains in the -back, losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-
ments.
Prematureness means Impotency in the first
stage. It Is & symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in twenty
days by the use of Hudyan. Hudyan costs no
more than any other remedy. Send for circu-
lars and testimonials. .• s £?te£! ,
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to
serious private disorders, carries myriads of
tsore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in month,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using the great 30-day cure.
Call or write for 30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.,
Ban Francisco. Cal.
DOCTOR COOK. \
For heaven's sake, man, brace up! You i
have been going to the dogs stop it! j
Once you turn your face in confidence to a |
man who is as familiar with cases like
yours as you are with the very daylight
you can throw off that terrible load of
despondency and despair.
Wasting away, emissions, impotency,
nervous depression, general misery and
self-contempt will soon pass away. Hy-
arocele, varicocele — troublesome af- j
fection of the sexual organs are trifles to a
man of such experience. If you are a
slave to vice, you will be freed. You will
become a man— with a man's power, a
man's pride, a man's privileges.
Office hour?: 9 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 8. . Sun-
days, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only.
nnpTfiß pnnk* «« market street,
UUll I UK UUlm, San Francisco, Cal.
HEADQUARTERS
REPDBLICAN
COUNTY COMMITTEE.
850 MARKET STREET.
Call for a Republican Municipal Pri-
mary and Nominating Con-
vention.
pEBOLVED, THAT THE REPUBLICAN
County Committee of the City and County of
San Francisco, State of Ca'.ilornia, the same being
a committee authorized by rules and customs of
the Republican party of the State of California to
call elections for said party in the City and County
of , San Francisco, for . the purpose hereinafter
specified, does hereby call and order an election
to be held on Saturday, the 19tn day of Septem-
ber,' 1896, by the ' qualified Republican voters of
the City and County of San Francisco, at the time
and places aad for the purposes and subject to the
conditions and qualifications hereinafter set forth, .
and that it thereby declared and determined to
call, bold and conduct said election la accordance
with the rules prescribed in Part 3, Title 11,
Chapter 14 of the Political Code of the State of
California. J^wBBBMBBBBBfiBi
] Resolved, That said ; election shall be held on
Saturday, September 19, 1896, in the various As-
VEV TO-DAT.
sembly districts of the City and County of San
Francisco, as established by an act of the Legisla-
ture of California, entitled "An act to divide the
State into legislative districts, as required by sec-
tion 6, article IV of tbe constitution, and . to pro-
vide for the election of Assemblymen and Senators
In such districts, approved March 11, 1891": pro-
vided, however, that there sh»U be at least one ana
not more than two polling-places In each Assembly
district, as may hereafter be determined by the
executive committee; and the polls shall be kept
open continuously between the hours of 12 o'clock:
noon and 7 o'clock In the evening.
Resolved, That the County Comniltteemen from
each Assembly district shall select election officers,
viz. : One Inspector, two judges and two clerks or
each polling-place, the same to bo submitted to the
executive committee for approval, also polling-
places, and that the executive committee thereof
sball act as a returning or canvassing board and
take general charge of the primary herein called.
Resolved, That ail doI ling-places must be on the
ground floor and the ballot-box so placed as to be
seen from the sidewalk.
Resolved, That no barricades or other obstruc-
tions shall be erected or maintained in front of
any polling-place, but the said polling-places shall
be as free of all obstructions as they are at general
elections, and that no returns will be received or
counted as official from any polling-place where
this provision has been violated.
Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each
polling-place must remain in a plain and unob-
structed view from the opening of the polls to the
close. The ballot-box must be so placed that the
voter can easily see the top of the box and his bal-
lot deposited.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or soliciting
of votes sball be permitted within 100 feet of the
polls, and the committee requests the police offi-
cers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district,
showing the boundaries of various precincts, shall
be posted in a conspicuous place outside the polls.
Resolved, That In addition to all other grounds of
challenge in the laws 01 the State governing gen-
eral elections this committee hereby directs and
orders that the following additional test be put to •
voters: "I will pledge myself to vote for the nom-
inees of the Republican party at the coming elec-
tion. ; ;
Resolved. That the executive committee shall
procure and provide for each polling-place a ballot-
box as Is used at the general election; also at least
two copies of tbe precinct register, embracing
within the boundaries of the Assembly district,
and for each particular polling-place one copy of
said precinct register must remain at all limes In-
side of the polling-place and retained by the elec-
tion board for the purpose of ascertaining whether
the name of the voter appears on the precinct reg-
ister, and to place a check opposite the name of
the voter after he has voted.
Resolved, That for this primary election only the
printed precinct registers used at the general elec-
tion held In November, 1894, shall be used, and
no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
does not appear on the precinct register in the
Assembly district in which he offers to vote.
Resolved, That the objects of said election are as
follows:
First. The election of 243 delegates to consti-
tute a Republican Municipal, Legislative, Judicial
and Educational convention, to meet at 1 p. m. on
the 22d day of September, 1896, at The Auditorium,
cor. of Jones and Eddy sts., to nominate candidates
for all municipal and Judicial offices, and to make
such provisions for the nomination of candidates
for members of the Legislature of the State of
California to represent the various Assembly and
Senatorial districts of the City and County of San
Francisco to which sail City and County is en-
titled, all of said nominees to be voted for at the
general election to beheld November 3, 1896, in
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and for the transaction of such other
business as in the judgment of the convention may
be required for the benefit of the Republican party.
The apportionment of said delegates to said con-
vention will be as follows:
Two delegates at large from each Assembly dis-
tricr, and one delegate for each 100 Republican
votes cast for Hon. M. M. Estee at the last general
election held November 6, 1894, and fraction of
100 of fifty or over as follows:
Twenty-eighth District 10
Twenty-ninth District 10
Thirtieth district n
Thirty-first District n
Thirty-second District 9
Thirty-third District.... 12
Thirty-fourth District i<s
Thirty-fifth District...... 12
Thirty-sixth District 14
Thirty-seventh District 17
Thirty-eighth District.. 15
Thirty-ninth District is
Fourtieth District , 17
Forty-Brat District is
Forty-second District. itj
Forty-third District 14
Forty-fourth District 13
Forty-fifth Distiict 10
Total .i>43
solved. That the time and manner of the pub-
lishing of this call shall be as follows:
Printed copies of this call shall be posted at each
of the polling places for this primary election in
the City and County of Ban Francisco, and also in
various other places throughout the City, and pub-
lic notice of the posting of ibis call shall be given
by advertisement in a paper of general circulation
■in She City and County of San Francisco.
Resolved, That in < onformlty with the law no
; person shall be allowed to vote at the Republican
primary to te held on the 19th day of September,
1896, in said City and County of San Francisco, in
1 any poilinc place thereof, unless his name shall be
found enrolled in the register of voters In force
> ana in use at the last general election, held on the
6th day of NovemDer, 1894.
\ Resolved, That all ballots voted at the primary
■ election must be 12 Inches long and 6 inches in
; width, and the paper shall be of uniform color ana
printed upon paper furnished by the executive
committee, and shall be in type required by the
election laws in force November, 1890, and in a
form prescribed by the executive committee, and
no other ticket than those In accord with these re-
quirements will be received, the wording to be as
follows:
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
; — FOR —
1. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
2. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
■ 3. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
: 4. Delegate : Republican Municipal Convention.
The numbers to be followed consecutively ac-
cording to the number of delegates which each
district may be entitled to.
Resolved, That within one hour after the can-
vass of the votes of each polling place, and when
all the returns have been properly signed and
sealed by the- election board and clerks of election,
the returns must be brought in In properly sealed
packages by one of the election board, desicnated
by the board for that purpose, to . the chairman of
the executive committee, 850 Market street, who
shall mark on each package received by him the
date and hour of the day of its receipt. He shall
also give a receipt to the party from whom he re-
ceives the package. The chairman of the execu-
tive committee shall take all necessary care and
precaution for the safe keeping of all packages de-
livered to him and to keep them In his custody
intact and unopened until the time designated for
' the opening of the canvass of the returns.
Resolved, That th« executive committee shall
fill all vacancies of. primary election officers and
make all changes In the polling places.
Resolved, That all precincts or, districts where
Republican voters fall to vote for the apportion-
ment of delegates to which they may be entitled,.
or where fraudulent work at the primary is proven
beyond question to the executive committee, then
the executive committee will appoint delegates to
represent said district.
Resolved, That this committee hereby declares
in most emphatic terms that if it shall appear at
any polling place that there has been any wrong
or fraud committed; or any law violated, or that
lha voters have in a manner been intimidated, or
that any bona fide \ Republican has been de-
barred or prevented from freely exercising his
jstbw io-dat:
right to vote, the executive committee will set
aside and declare null and void the election at
such polling place, and take such steps as may be
deemed necessary and advisable to give the repre-
sentation to which said Assembly District may be
entitled to under this call.
Resolved, That the said executive committee
shall meet at 8 o'clock f. m. on the day of said
primary and remain continuously in session until
returns of said primary are canvassed, and they
shall then, by resolution, declare which delegates
are entitled to their credentials.
Resolved, That no proxies shall be accepted by
this convention.
Resolved, That the executive committee Is here-
by endowed and authorized to taKe any and all
actions they may deem necessary, not in conflict
with the provisions of this call. '
The election officers will receive their creden-
tials and election paraphernalia at the rooms of
the County Committee.
The following are the polling places and names
of Election Officers;
Twenty-Eighth District,
Polling place— Second street.
Inspector— IT. 1). Miller.
Judges— C. E. Balstroff, J. M. Dean.
Clerks— J. Durnin, O. yon Glahn.
Xwenty-Xinth District.
Polling-place— Irish-American Hall.
Inspector— Jamea Halle U.
Judges— Patrick Brady, W. D. Ryan.
Clerks— Abe S. Levy, John J. Cavanaugb.
Thirtieth District.
Polllng-piace— "Club 1," 1006 Howard street.
Inspector— Timothy Gallagher.
Judges— W. B. Engels, E. Heldenrlch.
Clerks— James Rhoades, S. Leventhal.
Polling-place— "Club 2," 1021 Howard street.
Inspector— C. Lubllner.
Judges— J. Thompson, R. S. Roberts.
Clerks— James Cronln, William Page.
Thirty-First District.
Polling-place— l2o3 Mission street.
Inspector— J. nines.
Judges— P. Kerrigan, F. Gunther.
Clerks— S. Priest, William Holland.
Thirty-Second District.
Polling-place— Black's Hall, 619 Bryant street.
Inspector— Al H. Cook. ,
Judges— range, William Baliinger.
Clerks— Higgins, Richard Waltzen.
Thirty- Third District.
Polling-place— "Club Ko. l," ftW, corner
Twenty- iourth and Folsom streets,
inspector— James McCarty.
Jadges— Haynes, Louis Urbais.
Clerks— Otto Freund, James Bernard. 
Polling-place- "Club No. 2.' ' 918 Hill street.
Inspector— Daniel Spell man.
Judges— Robert Turner, John .White.
Clerks— Barney Langrave, John Clara.
Thirty-Fourth District,
Polling-place— Sixteenth street,
inspector-
Judges'—
Clerks-
Thirty-Fifth District.
Polling-place— 3slo Twenty-filth street.
1 Inspector— R. H. Stafford.
Judges— Buren Kelly, George G. Clifford.
Clerks— W. Griffin, J. H. Rawe.
Thirty-Sixth District.
Polling-place— «Club -No. 1," 3893 Seventeenth
Street. ; •*: . ■
Inspector— W. E. liaison.
Judges— James AlcCormack, John Drew.
Clerks— W. G. Post, J. L. JSagle.
Polling- place— "Club No. 2," Twenty- fourth and
Castro streets.
Inspector— Charles G. Daley.
Judges — John Craves, _vl Johnson.
I Clerks— C. Dolan, W. Cullnan.
Thirty-Seventh. District.
Polling-place— flub No. 1, Market and Googh
streets.
'Inspector— John T. Erennun. . '
Judges— R. V. Crosby, Pau. Fowler.
Clerks— T. P. O'Neill, Robert W. Dennis.
Thirty-Kighth District.
place— Club No. 1, southeast corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Buchanan street.
Inspector — J. Conliu.
Judges— C Case, O. Lewis. ' '""
Clerks— W. Kuorp, I". Jordon.
Polling-place — Club No. 2, southwest corner
Eddy and Pierce stree; s.
Inspector— George L. Sharp.
Judges— R. B. Snow-grass, M. Philpot.
Clerks— Thomas irigaerts. John Piath.
Thirty-Ninth District.
Polling-place— Club No. 1, 1019 Larkin street.
Inspector— F. Preble.
Judges— C. Conley, George W. Lewis.
Clerks— Louis D. Sloss, M. L. Torres.
Polling-place— Club No. 3, northwest corner '
Hayes aDd Polk streets.
Inspector — Grogan.
Judges— Smith, C. H. Duffy.
. Clerks— Henry Kann, George McGinnis.
Fortieth District.
Polling- place— Club No. I, northeast corner Post
and Laguna streets.
Inspector— F. H. Bauer.
Judges— J.McQuade, J. L. Van Vliet.
Clerks— George H. Dryden, W. E. Lewis.
Polling-place— Club No. 2, northwest corner
Devisadero and Suiter streets.
Inspector— Frank Watties.
Judges— F. ft O'Neil, Peter B. Brooke.
Clerks— Luke Gray, George A. CralL
Forty-First District.
Polling-place— Corner Polk and Pacific streets. -
Inspector— W. Reed. ">
Judges— Millie, J. Caronson. . '
Clerks— Wright, P. P. Horn. - •
Forty-Second District.
. PoUing-place— No. 1, 5 Mason street.
Inspec:or— J. C. Hudson.
Judges— J. R. Edson, W. Murry.
Clerks— W. R. Hiepard, William Peck.
Polling-place— Club No. 2, 133 California street.
Inspector— Daniel McPortland.
Juages— Thomas F. Belily, William Emerson.
Clerks — John Creamer, Arthur Dening. .■•,•,
Forty-Third District.
Polling-place— l 46 Geary street.
Inspector— John O'Connor.
1 Judges— George Herrin, Henry Larsen.
Clerks— William T. Boothby, Nell Murphy.
Forty-Fourth District.
Polling-place— 44o Green street. .
Inspector— tS. M. Buckley. ■
Judges— Alfred Bourquln, Louis StohL
. Clerks— Joseph Merani, Louis C. PistolesL
Forty-Fifth District.
Polling-place-1028 Battery street, corner L'nloa
Inspector— George McGovern. .
Judges— F. Reinge, Henry C. Brown.
, Clerks— C. J. Ward, Ed button.
Adopted at a regular meeting or the County
Committee held September 10, 1896.
CHAS. W. MAN WAKING,
Chairman
Republican County Committee.
JIfO. M. CHRETIEN,
Chairman
Executive Committee Republican County Com-
mittee.
GROVE P. ATKES,
Secretary
Executive Committee Republican County Com-
mittee.
JOHN JACKSON,
. ■ I Secretary
Republican County Committee.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
La^ F THE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPES PWTIt. mPNUiHI.
§j5l Chtoheater"* EmcUcti Diamond Braad. '
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
H*»"rv Original «nd Only Genuine. A
4T<flTV\ 5*" 1 » lw »7 1 r«u»fcU. ladic9 uk «\
D««Kl«t tn Chichattr* gnalUh DlaJß^
tj^tS^^^mondtnind in Ked and Cold meuillaV&Sy
7^ S'Wr' 11 "' «*1«« with blu« ribbon. Take W
;Tfi *^ I ** »ther. dangm-oti* jufcuit.*. V
I L fW* 9 n**n*m.itatU>nM. At Drn im, or Mod 4*
:I J* WT » »t»n>P» for p»rtioi»l»ri, uatincnlilj and
•V fp " Rjdief fbr Ladle*." in lettr, by retara
OOSMOPOUIT AN.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Han
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room *1, 91 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room, -■ Meals 25c. Rooms oDo
and 75c a day. .Vreo coach to and from the hoteL
Look for the coach, bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan HoteL WM.-FAHJ£Y| ; ProprietorST, IGNATIUS'
GRAND ORGAN
It Will Be the Finest Instru
ment of the Kind on
Earth.
IS NOW BEING RECEIVED
Mrs. Welsh, an Opulent Parish
ioner, Gave $50,000 for
• Its Purchase.
FATHER VARSI'S MANT DESIGNS
Ninety Times Will the Earth Rotate
on Its Axis Ere the Organ
Can Be Used.
It will not be long till the parishioners
of St. Ignatius Church will rejoice and
their hearts will swell with pride, for
Polyhymnia has come to dwell among
them. Plainly speaking, the grandest
organ in the world as regards beauty of
finish, modern improvements and sweet
ness of tone is soon to be placed in the
church held sacred to the memory of St.
Ignatius.
The idea Is that of Mrs. Welsh, a rich
parishioner, who a year ago last June
presented the church with $50,000, the
balance remaining aftpr purchasing the
organ to go into a reserve fund to be used
in maintaining a choir. On the Ist of
last March the contfact was awarded to
Farrand & Votey of Detroit, Mich.
This was the firm tbnt built the mam
moth organ for tbe World's Fair and
recently the celebrated organ for the
Carnegie library.
While not the largest in existence the
organ will probably be the finest in the
world in the way of musical resources and
mechanical accessories. There will be'
four manuals of aixty-one notes each ana
a pedal of thirty notes. There will also be
eighty-six speaking-stops, including the
preparations for au altar organ.
The number of pipes in the organ are
something stupendous, aggregating over
5000. It will De placed in the lower gal
lery of the church, and will tower upward
for 37 feet 6 inches. It is 83 feet in width
and 18 feet in depth.
The entire organ is electro-pneumatic
The keyboard, or console, will be placed
some distance in front of the organ-case.
Within mis console will be placed the
electro-contact pneumatic piston knobs
for moving the various adjustable combi
nations.
The case of the instrument is of selected
white ash, linished in the natural color,
and the front pipes are ornamented in
gold and colors. The case has a beautiful
finish and is of most imposing design,
beautifully carved, with two life-sized
angels placed on the top columns.
The wind supply will be furnished with
six sets of bellows, operated by two elec
tric motors of 7 horsepower, one of 5 and
the other of 2. This bellows plant will be
situated in the lower room, at the left of
the orcan, and the air will be conveyed
about lorty feet to the receivers within the
ortran.
The first carload arrived about ten days
ago. The entire organ wiil occupy about
five cars. Two of these have been un
loaded, one is in the warehouse and two
are en route. An idea of the size of the
grand instrument when set up may be
gathered from its weight — over 100,000
pounds.
Fully three months will be required to
put the organ into working order. Taking
the improvements in the way of pipes and
facilities lor handling into consideration,
it wili undoubtedly be the finest instru
ment of its kind in the world.
The erection of the organ is under the
supervision of W. I>- Woods, assistant
superintendent of the factory. He will be
assisted in this by Foreman A. £. White
head, also of Detroit.
In building the organ the manufac
turers were greatly aided by the advice
and suggestions of Father Varsi. The de
sign for the decoration of the front pip. >s
was furnished Dy him alone.
'•This will be the first electric organ in
San Francisco," said Superintendent
Woods. "I believe, however, that it is
only the second in California, as there is
one also in Los Angeles.
"The intention was to place it in the
upper gallery, but it was found to be better
to place it in the lowtr gallery. So pro
vision has been made for lemoving a part
of the upper gallery, all but two small
balconies.
"This will not only improve the ap
pearauce of the organ itself, but wil! assist
in the attainment of musical results and
be far better for the choir."
FOR SOUND MONEY.
This Is Not the Time for Trying
Hazardous Experiments.
Brainard N. Rowley, publisher of the
Calitornia Fruit Grower, was asked by a
Call reporter yesterday for his opinion on
the financial issue now before the people.
In reply, he said:
"You ask me if lam a gold or a silver
man. I will tell you briefly what I think
of the gold and silver question. ' I am a
conservative sound-money man. The
country needs more money per capita, but
we are in no condition for trying hazard
ous experiments. The signs of the times
are such as to warrant tbe statement that
the people of these United Slates are not
in the mood to be trifled with, or, if you
please, in a position t<- chancu their very
existence on theories or problematical
statements with relereuce to our monetary
system. If the opening of our mints to
tne Ires coinage of silver will have the
effect of enhancing the world's ?<rice
(mind you, I say th* world's price) of
shyer bullion from its present low value of
05 cents an ounce to say $129 an ounce,
thf n 1 am in favor of t:ie tree coinage of
silver, and would say let it pass current
fur all debts, both public and private,
except upon written contracts to the
contrary.
"On the other hand, if the silver coins
thai would be turned out by our mints are
t«> paBB lor their face value in this country
only upon the basis of the Government
stamp being upon their face and not upon
the value oi the material wh'Ch they con
tain, then I am opposed to the iree-coin
age proposition as presented at this time.
Our troub.ei are great enough at present
without the addition of tiat or medal
money in unlimited quantities. While
we need an increased circulating medium
with which to transact business, we should
have a mediumAuat will pass current in
any part of the world at its face value
owing to its intrinsic worth."
ARMY AND NAVY LEAGUE.
Ten Camps Have Been Organized
in the State In the Past
Week.
Adjutant-General Jafcies Kip of the Re
publican Army and Navy Leapue is in re
ceipt of encouragine news from the depu
ties who are canvassing the State and or
ganizing campa. The league in this City
is composed of five camps, with a mem
bership of 2000.
Colonel E. W. Woodward. Colonel J. P.
McElroyand Colonel George Babcock, who
are in tbe San Joaquin and Sacramento Val
leys and in Los Angeles and San Diego
counties, have called for charters for ten
camps they have organized during the
1000 Week ' WHh * member9hi P of nearly
INTERIOR FEELING.
Prospects for Republicanism In
California Brighter Than Ever.
C. B. Baer of Cloverdale dropped into
the Republican State Central Committee
rooms yesterday to say that McKinley
and protection will be well supported at
the polls on election day.
Samuel Donati, a prominent citizen of
Cayucos, San Luis Obispo, was in
town yesterday. He gives a flattering re
port of Republican loyalty in that part of
the county and says that there can be no
doubt that San Luis Obispo will roll up a
big majority lor McKinley.
Senator Beard ot Alameda came over
yesterday and reported that the majority
for Republicanism in that county would
be larger than ever voted before.
A Plea for Harmony.
A larpe and enthusiastic meeting of the
Swiss-American Republican Club was h#ld
last night at 1628 Powell street. 8. A. Rea
presided. After routine business several
members took the floor discussing the
political situation. The following resolu
tion was adopted:
Resolved, That it is the wish and desire of
the Swiss-American Republican Club to see
harmony and unity of action among all Re
publicans in this City, and call upon the
leaders of the party to bring about such unioa,
so as to insure Republican success.
Delegates Selected.
At a meeting held last night in Mowry
Hall, corner of Grove and Laguna streets,
the following delegates from tho Thirty
seventh Assembly District to the Repub
lican municipal convention were selected:
E. S. Salomon, C. O. Burton, A. L. Coak,
W. N. Alien, J. A. Watt, A. J. Rausch, P.
E. McCarthy, J. R. Aiken, C. H. Ward,
Fred Eggers, M. Levy, F. W. Corny n, J.
A. Stephens, M. J. Sahlein, C. D. Mc-
Gowan, F. J. Mershon, Joseph Feehan.
BISHOPS TO MEET HERE.
Some Episcopal Leaders oi
Western States Coming
to Confer.
A Week's Discussion of Plans for
Improving the Divinity School
at San Mateo.
An informal conference of Episcopal
Bishops of several of the Western States
will be held in this City about the end of
this month, beginnidg with a date not yet
fixed and continuing for one week.
The purpose of the meeting is primarily
the discussion of .matters pertaining to the
Church Divinity School at San Mateo.
Other matters may be taken up, but so far
no programme has been decided upon.
Those who will come to this conference
are the Bishop of Utah, Nevada and
Western Colorado; the Bishop of New
Mexico and Arizona, the Bishop of Oiym
pia (Washington), the Bishop of Los An
geles (Southern California), and the
Bishop of California, the Rev. Dr. Nichols.
The meetings will probably be held in
Grace Church, convenient to the local
Diocesan House and the sanctum of the
Pacific Churchman, the* Episcopal ortran.
While nothing has been outlined . with
regard to the character of the informa
discmsions, it is understood this confer
ence is expected to provide for increased
efficiency in the character and scope of the
work of the divinity school.
In line with this movement, without be
ing a feature of it, will be a series of so
called missions or evangelistic discourses,
soon to be given during a period of several
months by Mr. Webber of the Milwaukee
diocese, who will visit a large number of
the parishes in this diocese.
Mention of this contemplated scries ot
educational addresses was made yesterday
forenoon by Bishop Nichols at a meeting
of the clergy held in Grace Church. The
occasion was the Ember-tide gathering of
the Episcopal clergy of San Francisco and
vicinity. The service of the holy com
munion was celebrated by the Bishop,
who was assisted by the liev. Dr. J?'oute
Afterward Bishop Nichols delivered the
address ad c.erum, during which he
spoke of the immediate concerns of the
clergy in California; the question of the
supply of candidates for holy orders, the
matter of sacred studies — all of which
went to show in a way something of the
nature of the quest. to be discussed at
the coming conference of Bishops.
•—»• — » »
LINCOLN AND LAUGHTER.
in Amusing Entertainment at the Asso-
elation Auditorium.
A clever entertainment was given last
night at the Association Auditorium by
Franfc .Lincoln, the humorist and mimic.
The audience laughed almost continu
ously at the whimsical impersonations
and character hits. Sometimes the mirth
became so irrepressible that Mr. Lincoln
had to pause awhile till it had subsided.
Most of the features in the entertain
ment consisted of imitations of different
characters and types of humanity. The
entertainer used no makeup, trusting to
bis voice and facial expression to get his
effects, though his talent for ventriloquism
helped bin. in his impersonations.
One amusing character sketch wan an
imitation of a virtuoso at the piano, with
all the mannerisms and mane-tossings
affected by some long-haired pianists.
Another sketch that roused roars of laugh
ter was a redhot addrees by an anarchist,
Lincoln made the address in German, and
after the applause had subsided congratu
lated the audience on their knowledge of
the language. "I don't know a word of
German myself," he said ; "it is all by ear
that I repeat that address."
An address on the evils of poker playing
proved another good means for arousing
laughter. The impersonation oi an old
lady with loose teeth 7:as also clever. Al
together the entertainment was a very
enjoyable one and well deserved the ap
plause it received.
HEAD OF THE ORDER.
Panlist Father Augiißtin F. Hewit Is
Recovering ilia Health.
The Pauhst Fathers at old St. Mary's
Cathedral have received from New York
the consoling news that Superior-General
Augustin F. Hewit, the head of the order,
is improving in health.
Father Hewit, who was ordained in 1847,
has been at death's door for several weeks
and only a few days ago it was wired here
that there was no hope of his :ecovery.
Why It Is a Leader.
The reason why Towu Talk stands at the
head oi the list in local weekly journalism is
easily explained. It is fearless In editorial
criticism, its fiction is of the best In the
literary market; in fuct, the entire contents of
Town Talk are such that they more than fulfill
the expectations of the reading public. This
week's vissue Is especially artistic, the front
page being embellished with a beautiiul half
tone of Mrs. W. E. Dargie and the eociety de
pnrtment with a. portrait of Mrs. Walter Scott
Hobart. Other illustrations, lively political
chat, strong ; editorials and crisp dramatic mid
musical reviews complete, with much miscel
laneous matter, a delightiui number. •
The Brief* Now on File.
All the briefs in the Dick Williams case
were filed yesterday. It is understood that
Judge Morrow is writing an elaborate opinion
on tbe motion for s new trial, and that the
same will be rendered on Tuesday next.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
YOUNG CITIZENS
FOR McKINLEY
The Auditorium Is Filled
With an Applaud
ing Throng.
LOGIC AND ELOQUENCE.
Able Address by J. M. Oliver
of the University of
California.
OVATION TO D. E. M'KIRLAY.
J M. Sweetser of Stanford Scores the
Democratic Party and Its
Candidate.
Young blood Is evidently a strong factor
in local Republicanism. Last night's
rally of Republican young men, held at
the Auditorium under the auspices oi the
McKinley Invincibles, was a convincing
argument in support of their numerical
force. Bonfires blazed and rockets as
cended, while tuneful bands and cheering
crowds unable to gain an entrance con
firmed the verdict of the throng within
the building.
The affair opened with a medley of
patriotic airs, given by Yanke's orchestra,
followed by a masterly rendering of the
overture to Rossini's opera of "Semi
ramide."
Messrs. D. M. Lawrence, C. M. Elliott,
D. B. Crane and L. A. Larsen, who com
prise the 'Knickerbocker quartet, sane
"Protection Is Bound to Win the Day,"
and as an encore a comic song, com
mencing "The Owl and the Pussy Cat
Went Out to Sea," which was cordially
applauded.
William S. Barnes, president of the
evening, in a graceful address of welcome,
said his auditors might have heard him
speak before and would probably not care
to hear him again.
Cries of dissent greeted this assumption,
but Mr. Barnes was obdurate and would
not give a speech. Instead he introduced
J. M. Oliver of the University of Cali
fornia, who made a masterly address.
"Bryan has gone about the country
looking for people to hear him," said Mr.
Oliver, "while thousands of thinking men
have flocked to hear McKinley speak in
answer to thoir urgent reqnests. Bryan
has enacted the part of the traveling show
man; McKinley seems to be regarded by
the American people as a pure-flowing
fount of political wisdom.
"Twelve years ago the Democratic party
raised a bowl that there was a surplus in
the National treasury and that the Re
publican party was to blame for it being
kept there. This howl resulted in the
ejection of Grover Cleveland and in the
rapid disappearance of the surplus, leav
ing the Nation impoverished and behind
hand.
"But some will say : 'The severe lessons
of the past have taught the Democracy a
few of the things it did not know some
years ago.' Don't be deceived. They sing
long and loud of patriotism, but the bray
of the ass can never be mistaken for the
roar of the lion, though the ass bray never
so loud. Democracy has bidden farewell
to its old-time prestige. Consistency, we
are told, is a jewel, but Democratic con
sistency has been sold for cheap silver."
Miss Amy C. Hickox of Oakland was
introduced by Mr. Barnes as "a typical
American bimetallist who will charm us
by silvery notes from a golden throat."
She sang the "Star-spangled Banner" as
the stirring song has seldom before been
rendered in this City, being rapturously
applauded after each strophe. In answer
to an enthusiastic recall Miss Hickox gave
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean."
D. E. McKinlay was then introduced
and was obliged to wait long beiore the
applause which greeted him would sub
side.
"I believe," he said, "one needs not be
a prophet in order to foretell a "reat vic
tory lor the Republican party. We are no
longer swayed by sentiment in our
politics. National questions latterly seem
to resolve themselves into simple business
propositions.
'•The Republican party demands a re
turn to the protective regime, under which
our Nation was enabled to attain a degree
of prosperity unparalleled in the world's
history. The same party demands as well
a reliable monetary system. Republican
ism looks toward the establishment of a
universal bimetallic standard, which shall
be recognized throughout the money
usine world.
"We see that the silver dollar, though
realiy worth now only about 51 cents—
since the price of silver has fallen 4 cents
an ounce during the past two weeks —
counts for as much as a gold dollar in the
payment of debts and the purchase of
commodities. This is because of the good
American cold which stands behind it.
"But let the market be flooded with
cheap money and the more valuable
money will little by little be retired from
general circulation and held at a premium.
This would practically result in a divided
standard, consisting of appreciated gold
and vastly depreciated silver."
Mr. MclCinlay then entered into an ex
haustive review of the money question,
exposing some fallacious arguments in
favor of free silver with a merciless satire,
which convulsed the audience with laugh
ter. The prosperity of Mexico, he con
tended, could not beatributed to the free
silver coinage system of the republic, but
rather to its high protective tariff laws,
which oblige all but the very rich to use
articles of home manufacture and produc
tion.
"Sometimes it seems to me," concluded
Mr. McKinlav, "it would be a good thing
to pen up five or six of our States and put
all our free trade and free silver people
there and let them take th«> medicine
they offer us until it should sicken them.
But w« cannot do this; we must alt suffer
or prosj.er together. Hence we need to
work together for the furtherance of our
• common good. This end can be encom
passed only by the protection of our in
dustries and the integrity of our money."
J. M. Sweetser of Stanford University
was the next speaker.
"We can never have too much of Mc-
Kinley," he commenced, "whetner he t>e
of Ohio or California. Never before in the
history of the country have American
universities been so united upon political
issues. Speaking for Stanford I can safely
say a very large majority of its students
are in favor of ri ht and honest politics,
and their professors for the most part are
with them.
"Pernaps to-morrow's Democratic pa
pers may make fun of our young Repub
lican speakers who have tried to hold
your attention to-night. Perhaps they
may call us would-bfe boy orators. We
cannot complain if they do. But we have
one point in our favor — we are conscions
of our shortcomings and we are not pos
ing, boy orators though we be, as candi
dates lor the Presidency of these United
States."
The home-thrust was greeted with a
burst of cheering which made speaker and
audience thoroughly at home with each
other, and Mr. Sw'eetser favored the as
semblage with a brilliant and lucid pre
sentation of Republican argument in a
i fresh, new guise which called forth fre
quent manifestations of cordial approval.
The Knickerbockers then gave one of
their new songs, "Good-by, Free Silver,
Good-by," the refrain to which runs as
follows:
Bye, Bryan, bye low,
What makes you sigh go?
Bye, Bryan, bye low,
Good-by, Bill Bryan. Good-by.
This choruc, repeated in the faintest,
mock-pathetic pianissimo, called forth a
burst of applause, and the assemblage dis
persed with three cheers for McKinley,
ACTIVE REPUBLICANS.
Speeches and Resolutions In the
Thirty-Fifth District.
The following preamble and resolution
were Introduced at the meeting of the Thir
ty-fifth Assembly District Republican
Club last evening by C. L. Hedemark and
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco did, by its
vote at its last session, appropriate a sum of
money for the purpose of establisiiine a high
school in the Mission district; and, whereas,
It is rumored that efforts are being made by
individuals who art' not in favor of said ap
propriation to have the matter reconsidered;
be it now
Resoived, By the officers and mombers of the
Republican club of the Thirty-fifth Assembly
District to use their influence as far as pos
sible to nullify any action taken by those hos
tile to the benefit of the citizens of the Mission.
Resolved, That the Thirty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict Club tender their heartfelt thanks to the
Board of Supervisors for their kind considera
tion in granting the Mission residents an ap
propriation for building the illgb School and
purchasing a lot for such purpose.
Resolved, That the High School Club be en
couraged in their efforts to proceed in the
work commenced u:itil their labors have been
crowned with success.
Resolved. That it is the unanimous desire of
the members of the Thirty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict Club tnat the i>a;d appropriation should
remain in force and be expended for the pur
chase of a lot and building of t-he High School.
Resolved, That the Board of Education has
our thanks for seconding the action of the
High t-chool Club in all their efforts.
Resolved, That these resolutions be published
In tbe daily press.
C. L. Hedemark was indorsed for As
semblyman from the Thirty-fifth District:
Joseph McKmicht for Justice of the
Peac< ; C. M. Depew for Supervisor from
the Eleventh Ward ; J. F. Crosett was in
dorsed ior School Director.
Speeches on the issues of the campaign
were made by E. H. Herrick, C. M. De
pew and V. F. Northrop.
OPPOSED TO PERKINS.
Alameda County Politicians Who
Share the Views Expressed by
Ex-Mayor Chapman.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The chief
topic being discussed to-night is the effect
that to-morrow's primary will have on the
proposed indorsement of a United States
Senator in Monday's convention. It is
very evident that ex-Mayor Chapman's
remarks regarding Senator Perkins repre
sent the ideas of many leading politicians,
and being backed as they are by Senator
Denison they cannot fail to produce some
resuit. Although the political headquar
ters are filled to-night with active workers
very few will give a definite opinion on
the subject, about which there is more
thinking than talking. According to the
call of the County Committee there may be
no indorsement at all oy legislative candi
dates, even although the convention
should adopt the platform.
The call provides for the county con
vention and also for the district conven
tions, and it is held that unless the nomi
nations at district conventions are ratified
by the whole county convention no pledge
can be demanded. As the call does not
provide that the district nominations
shall go before the whole convention the
legislative nominees would not be pledged,
although a platform with a pledge might
be adopted.
it is no secret that every man who
worked and voted for Judge Frick at the
last primary is opposed to Perkins because
of the Senator's alleged violation of faith
in indorsing Hilborn. As Frick polled
within 1000 votes of Hilborn out of about
14,000. it is seen at a glance that the county
is well divided.
\\ . H. Church, a hold-over Supervisor,
said to-night that nothing wouid be* left
undone to prevent the indorsement of
Perkins. "We shall work hard to carry
the Fourth and Sixlh wards," he said,
"and this will give us thirty-one dele
gates, and if we have no more it will be
sullicient to make a big protest against
indorsement."
Chairman Mantalen of the County Cen
tral Committee says that he thinks the
unpledged ticket will win in the Sixth
Ward. "We have got no real fight in
view," he said, "except to see that we
elect an unpledged Assemblyman from
the Forty-eighth District."
M. C. Chapman, who was the first to de
nounce Perkins, says he has sufficiently
explained his position, and merely added,
"I see I am not alone."
If the ticket in the interest of Phil
Walsh for Supervisor wins in the First
Ward, and. he claims that it will, it will go
into the convention unpledged.
Until the clos« of the primaries the
strength of the opposition to Perkins can
not be intelligently estimated, as in every
district the local fight has precedence.
POLITICS ARE MIXED.
There Are Three Tickets In Ala
meda Naming Three Sets of Pro
posed Republican Delegates.
ALAMEDA. Cal,, Sept. 18.— There are
three tickets of delegates in the field to
night and prospects of more to-morrow.
The first ticket was that of the Alameda
Republican Club, and is known as the
regular Republican ticket It is for Sena
tor Perkins and supposedly for C. E.
Naylor for the A«sembiy. Several of
those named have repudiated this.
The friends of Judge A. B. Hunt have a
ticket in the field which will support J. A.
Waymire for the Assembly. The gentle
men named are: Georce W. Scott, C. L.
Metzger. John G. Brick, J. S. Hanley, E.
A. yon Schmidt, H. A. Thompson, Samuel
Frank, R. J. Tyson, John Larkin, Frank
E. Browning, W. F. Sperbeck, C. F. Flet
ter, George H. Payne, George S. Ames,
Max Gundlach, Henry Muller, E. L. Hut
ton, Charles W. Petry, L. H. Transue, J.
Clement Bates Jr., Joseph R. Knowland
Frank A. Webb, J. H. de Nise, J. JL. Bal
lennne, I. H. Chandler, A. R. Denke, C.
H. Lindeman, A. G. Burns, A. D. Cush
ing, Ward Battles, J. H. Bruns, C. C. Vol
ben?, J. W. Jackson, P. Kiernan.
To-day a new ticket was sprung bearing
the heading "Independent Unpledged Re
publican Ticket." Those whose names
appear upon this are: Herman. Cordes,
George B. Manley, E. A. yon Schmidt,
Joseph R. Knowland Jr., James W. Trav
ers, Ed Houston. J. A. Remrael, Alex
Hay. L. H. Transue, William Higby,
Henry Muller, Thomas Carpenter, J. H.
Brnns, A. G. Burns, Frank E. Browning
Otto Bremer, W. P. Dillon, David Hirsch
feld, W. B. Kollmyer, John Larkin, B.
Benedict, C. A. Marston, C. L. Metzger'
N. C. Larsen, C. J. Hammond, E. B. Dun
ning, I. N. Chapman, Edwin Bell, G C
Bro ke. B. E. Combs, E. J. Blandmg j'
R. Sloan, G. A. Bordwell, Thomas
White.
Late to-nieht it was discovered that the
tickets of the regular Republican club did
not conform to the requirements of the
County Central Committee call and a new
set was issued. This will cause confusion,
as the tickets had all been distributed. If
the ones first issued were used the officers
of election could throw them out.
San 3lateo's Contest.
The Supreme Court yesterday put an end to
thn Supervisorial contest between J. J. Brown
and J. T. Jennings of San Mateo County. Jen
nings claimed he had been counted out by
Brown's friends, cut the court, after consider
ing the Testimony, found tbat he hud received
only 129 votes to Brown's 153, and the appeal
was dismissed.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CHANGES IN THE
FERRY BUILDING
Tennessee Marble Will Be
Used on the Main
Front.
NO COMPRESSED BRICK.
Reinsurance Paid on the French
Ship Jules Verne From
Newcastle.
SHE IS CONSIDERABLY OVERDUE
No News Has Been Received From
the Missing Tramp Steamer
Liolitbgow.
Changes in the ferry depot plans are
again in order. A special meeting of the
Harbor Commissioners was held yester
day, and Chief Engineer Holmes advo
cated a change from the use of polisned
compressed brick to that of Tennessee mar-
Die with which to finish the front. The
alteration will entail an extra expenditure
of money, but other changes will make a
sufficient saving to offset the difference.
Instead of extendine the wings of the de
pot Mr. Holmes is for cutting them down
somewhat, and not finishing them in the
elaborate manner designed. They can be
made plain yet handsome, and the money
saved will pay for the Tennessee marble.
The members of the commission are in
favor of the change, and the ciiances are
that the order will be issued next Tuesday
to the builders.
The Risdon Iron Works is pushing the
building of the frame, and Commissioner
Cole expects that with the present rate of
progress a considerable portion of the
building will be finished in eight months.
The late steamer Eastern Oregon is still
in the hands of the men who are altering
her into a schooner. When ready for rig
ging it was found that a keel would have
to be put on her. She was towed to Oak
land Creek yesterday, where the necessary
change will be made. Her twin engines
are now being placed in two steam schoon
ers, and they will probably go into com
mission the latter part of this month.
The crew of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Orizaba are very indignant
over the manner in which some of their
number are being treated in Mexico. They
were arrested on ttie suspicion of being
smugglers and thrown into jail at Guay
mas. They appealed to the American
Consul for relief, but he raid no attention
to them. Their case could not be brought
to trial, as the Judge was in the interior.
J. Raymond, the steamer's cook, and two
waiters and two mess boys were arrested.
They had considerable cloth and presents
for friends among their effects, and that
was what cut them into trouble. "The men
were treated in an outrageous manner,"
said one of the Orizaba's crew yesterday.
"They were simply locked up in an mclo
snre, and as the thermometer registered
110 in the shade you can imagine how
they suffered. Then they had no covering
at night and the dew always drenched
them. They are all citizens, but the
American Consul laughed at them. They
have now been six weeks in prison, and
1 would not be a bit surprised to hear
that some of them have died."
The French bark Jules Verne is now out
ninety-six days from Newcastle, Austra
lia, for this port, and 10 per cent rein
surance ie being paid on her. The Verne
left Havre to load coal for San Francisco,
but owing to the strike of miners at New
castle she was unable to get a load. She
accordingly sailed in ballast, being under
charter to load wheat at Port Costa for
Europe. She has not since been heard
from. The Louis Pasteur, which sailed
one day ahead of the Verne, arrived in
port two weeks ago, but saw no sign of
the missing ship. Roth, Blum & Co., the
agents, do not think the vessel has been
lost. They say she is a slow sailor, and
that as all the late arrivals have reported
light winds and calms no anxiety should
be felt for the missing vessel.
The tramp steamer Linhthgow, which
sailed from here for Leith some time ago,
has been reinsured at 10 guineas per cent.
She broke down off the coast 01 Central
America, and a boat's crew was sent
ashore to report the matter. The steamer
has not since been heard from.
F. F. McEwen, who was accused of steal
ing a quantity of clothing from the Brit
ish fhip Ravenscourt, gave himself up
yesterday at the Harbor Police station.
The vessel is now on her way to Liver
pool, so there will be no one to prosecute
the case, and McEwen may get orf.
The captain of the river steamer Gold
reported yesterday that he passed the
body of a man off Alcatraz. A boat was
sent out to look for the remains, but no
trace of them could be lonnd.
TO SAVE WORDEN.
A Petition Will Be Sent to the Governor
Asking for Clemency.
Since tbe arrival from Japan of Rev. W.
S. Worden, the missionary and brother of
the condemned man at Folsom, renewed
exertions are being made to have Gov
ernor Budd commute the sentence of the
convicted man who is now awaiting the
appeal to the Supreme Court for a rehear
ing of bis case. In the meantime, the
Rev. Mr. Worden hus communicated with
Attorney Burk of Woodland to prepare a
petition to the Governor. This will be
taken hold of by the San Francisco Labor
Council and circulated for signatures, and
when complete will be laid beiore Gov
ernor Budd, who, they think, will give
due consideration to the number of signa
tures attached thereto.
Japanese Socialist*.
According to Theodore Ly^ich, secretary
of the propaganda committee of Liberty
Branch of the Socialist Labor party, the
ranks of that party will shortly be aug
mented by a considerable number of Japa
nese students of political economy who
have been investigating the econoftic
views of the socialists for several months
past. They are now desirous of aflilialing
with that party to finish their training
and perfect themselves in the methods
and aims of the American socialists for
future socialistic propaganda work among
their wa^e-working friends and compa
triots in the land ot the Rising Sun.
To Swim the Gate.
Great interest is being manifested in the
forthcoming daring feat of Swimmer Cavill,
who to-morrow will attempt to swim the
Golden Gate from Fort Point to Lime Point.
Colonel W. H. Mendell, the popular excursion
agent, will manage tbe trips to be made by
two great steamers that will accompany the
swimmer. Ticke;s will be 50 cents each lor
adults and 25 cents for children under 12
years of age.
Wants to Be a Trader.
Dr. Catherine V. C. Scott has applied to the
Superior Court for permission to become a sole
trader, alleging that her husband, Joseph E.
Scott, does not derive a sufficient income as a
minister of the gospel to support her.
THE ■SQUDJIY.COTLL
THE GREAT FAMILY
NEWSPAPER
OP THE PACIFIC COAST.
JI.N JI.MERICJI H .. " ==
JWJIY RULE =
SREJIT BRITJII.N. ' [
_ - 1 IF SJiE WOULD
== , OHTOH JI JIUSBJLND
=•'. IN SJUt FRJI.NCISCO
JI DJIRI.NG =
BRIDLE TOUR. '
.— 1 T.HOSE ENORMOUS I
: COJIL BILLS
■ = JIcND TJIE COST OF
. = JIJi JIDMIRJIL'S COOKI.NS.
TJIE STRJI.NGEST — ==
SCHOOL DISTRICT . > ■ — H
Ik JIJAER.ICJI. =
1 .MJLN, .NJITURE, and SJIEEP
~1 I.N TJIE WILDER.NESS.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
£fck '-■ ' • *~ ' ' ■ ■ • ..«■•" 2 *■
5 ifc H^^3^*^^K^Si J^sS^ FMrJ mITI Kc3. Ky_M IjjtfSJ^ynjg^ ACv .^^^^^ ac^^^MfltflS^C'^ ' 1
i PLUG* I
§ Tobacco Dealers say, that @
§ "BATTLE AX" is a "scorcher"
§ because it sells so fast* Tobacco
S Qbewers say, it is a " scorcher be- S
§ cause 10 cents worth goes so far* It's ||
S as good as can be made regardless of g&
Q cost* For JO cents you get almost j?!
0 twice as much as you do of other §
.$ ? high grade brands* ©
R$U I V C Vflll "^ ro Throat, liraples, Copper-M
£SslAi£ lUU colored Epots, Aches, Old Sorcs.gg
jgSUlcera In Month, Hair-Facias ! Write COOEmj
fIBEH£DY CO., SO7 Masonic Temple^
HCMraso, 111., tor proofs of cures. Capl-W
Htul. 8500,000. worst ewes curod In 16 B|
Hit* 3& day. 100-pan« boote free. ■ ES
f^P^^d remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Giovt, Spermatorrhoea!
' /KgV/ in l to s dart. >jH WhitPß. unnatural dig-
MV - Guaranteed ja charges, or any inflamma-
nr«iilf not to itrietore. tion, irritation or ulcer.v
g'jPrcTeim contagion. tioa of mv. cons mem-
RSyHEEvANSfiHEHIOtICo. Cranes. Non-aatringent.
VaAciNClNmi.O Mj I Sold by I>ranrtoto,
XS^silSßk. U. B.A j Hi or Bent in Plaid wr-vpper,
-^TiK^ l^Hm by expresi. prepaid, tvt
"■^jjjggp^v ■ Circular Mat on ft ms£>
56
Wint
.^^ \
SATURDAY.. ..SEPTEMBER 39.1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. _^
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Freet .
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. 6.0*
Dally arid Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Calz* three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Wiuucly Call, one year, by mall aJM)
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you folng to the country on a vacation T It
••. it Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for yon will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left M
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE. . ' \ -'
BUSINESS OFFICE
■JIO Market Street,
Ban Francisco. California.
Telephone Main— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS i
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES t
080 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntfl
8:S0 o'clock.
888 Hayes street; open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc \v . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntU 9 o'clock.
86 UB Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 2t lath street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICB »
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB
* Rooms 81 and S2, 34 Park Row, New Torle City.
'\ DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR FBEBIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB VICF-PRBHinrST-
GARRET A. BOBART, of New Jersey
KLKCTION NOVEMBER 8, 1896.
Don't forget the Republican primaries
to-day.
Hear Irving M. Scott at the Auditorium
this evening.
Don't forget to leave orders to-day for
The Sunday Call.
They may call it a fusion of parties, but
it means nothing but a dicker between
office-seekers.
It is not yet certain whether Senator
Hill is crawling out of his hole or crawl
ing further in.
It is the soldier candidate and not the
orator candidate whose speeches are most
pleasing to the people.
If there is any man of National repute
who is supporting Bryan it is time for him
to get up and show himself.
The people have trusted Democracy
once and as a consequence many of them
have had to live on trust ever since.
Democrats and Populists seem to have
abandoned the idea of a campaign of edu
cation and have gone into trade for votes.
The San Francisco Democrat is in a bad
box, for when he tries to get out of the
wet he has to get in with the Rainey
crowd.
California must have an iron industry
adequate to her neads, and in order to
have it she must protect it by favorable
legislation.
McKinley Is makine gooa business for
Canton and wben he gets Loto the White
House he will make business good for the
whole country.
Oator is rapidly becoming an issue
between the Democrats and tne Pgpulists,
and he is trying to make himself as big a
one as possible.
Protection is becoming more and more
the chief issue of the campaign and the
Democrats are dodging it by getting out
of the campaign.
The RepuDlican primaries are open to
day from 12 m. to 7P. M. Every loyal Re
publican is entitled to one vote and should
be sure to cast it.
"We want in this country good work,
good wages and good money," says Major
McKinley, and on that platform all the
people are with him.
It is altogether vain and foolish for
England to expect us to help her settle
with Turkey when we haven't yet finished
in helping her to settle with Venezuela.
Politics begins with the primaries and
every Republican should attend the elec
tion in his district to-day in order to have
himself represented in the municipal con
vention.
No scheme of political fusion has ever
yet succeeded with the American people,
and it never will &3 iong as the people
•have respect for political principles and a
disgust for trading office-seekers.
The Democrats who have given Cator
the pleasing hope that he is the loeical
candidate of the fusionists for the United
States senatorship may be fooling some
body, but whom are they fooling?
You get the United Press dispatches in
The Call, but in no other morning paper
in this City; so if you wish to have all the
news of all parties given impartially and
accurately you must read Thb Call every
day.
The New York Democrats who declared
for the gold standard in June have de»
clttred now for the silver standard, so we
can see how much easier it is for the tiger
to change his stripes than for the leopard
to change his spots.
»
The man who sold the lion's skin while
the lion was yet alive was killed in hunt
ing him, and Democrats and Populists
who are trading to one another the offices
of the people while the people are wide
awake may find a profit in studying the
fate of the skin-seiler.
Let all loyal Republicans attend the
primaries this afternoon and elect a thor
oughly representative municipal conven
tion and the result will be a ticket that
will have the support of every good citi
zen and assure the City an effective and
economical business administration.
The address of Irving M. Scott to the
ironmolders this evening will differ from
the ordinary campaign speech, inasmuch
as it will be the discourse of a practical
man on a subject of which he is an ac
knowledged master, addressed to men
who are interested in it as the industry of
their lives. It will, therefore, be a true
educational sneech ami will deserve the
attentive study of all citizens.
THE IRON INDUSTRY.
At the Auditorium this evening Irving
M. Scott will address the ironworkers of
the State on the relation of the political
issues of the day to their industry. In
many respects this will be one of the most
notable addresses of the campaign. No
industry is more important to a com
munity than that of ironworking, and the
civilization of a people may be well esti
mated by the extent to which that indus
try is carried on among them.
It is an old story that Solomon pro
nounced the blacksmith to be the chief
of artisans because he made the tools by
which ail other artisans did their work.
The establishment of an adequate iron in
dustry is the first essential of an enlight
ened and independent community. Cali
fornia must be able to manufacture all the
ironwork needed in her trades and indus
tries if she would be free from depend
ence on other lands, and whatsoever tends
to promote that industry is a matter of
concern to every Caiifornian.
No man is better ntted to deal with this
important theme than Irving M. Scott.
He is one of the greatest ironworkers in
the world. He aid his partners of the
Union Iron Wdrks have built up in Cali
fornia a ship-building yard whose accom
plishments are amone the highest tri
umphs of the constructive engineering of
the ace. The Oregon, the Olympia, the
San Francisco, the Charleston and the
Monterey hold each a place in the front
rank of their class of ships, and attest to
the Nation and to the world what can be
done by the ironworkers of California
under the direction of a skillful, energetic
and vigorous manager.
That the iron industry of California is
carried on under adverse conditions is
known to everybody. Very few, however,
are aware how adverse those conditions
are, or to what extent they oan be im
proved by favorable legislation. All the
issues to be submitted to the people in
this election are economic, and all of them
of course will affect our iron industry to a
marked degree. It is a matter of vital
importance, therefore, that they should
be decided right at the polls. There is no
conflict of rich and poor, or of labor and
capital, involved in the issue. All Cali
fornians are interested in the upbuilding
of this industry of the State, but most
especially so are the ironworkers thera
selves, for their very livelibood depends
upon it. Every ironworker of the City
should attend Mr. Scott's address to-night,
and every ironworker of the State should
read it. in order that they may know ex
actly how far their business, their wages
and their welfare depend upon their poli
tics and their votes.
Addresses of this kind have a value
above ordinary campaign speeches. They
are truly educational in their nature. If
other large manufacturers followed the ex
ample set by the practical patriotism of
Mr. Scott and used tbeir knowledge to
teach the people our politics would have a
much higher tone. There would be a
clearer understanding of public interests
and a better comprehension of the rela
tion of those interests to National patriot
ism.
There is scarcely any point in the economy
of National affairs of greater moment than
• the uniform preservation of the intrinsic
\ value of the money unit. On this the security
and steady value of property essentially de
pend. — Alexander Hamilton.
WHY THEY GO TO CANTON.
More than fifty special trains carried
delegations to Canton yesterday. It was
not, strictly speaking, a partisan demon
stration, for thousands of Democrats par
ticipated, but every one of the thousands
will vote for Major McKiniey. It is some
thing new in an American political cam
paign for voters to charter railway trains
and travel hundieds of miles to pay their
respects to the candidate of their choice,
but there are delegations from distant
parts of the country every day at Canton,
and seemingly the beginning of the move
ment has not yet been reached.
If only Republicans were journeying to
Major McKinley's home there might be
some reason to suppose that it was a
political trlcn to draw attention and create
enthusiasm, but it so happens that a great
many who never voted a Republican ticket
are in these great crowds of pilgrims, and,
what is more, those who go charter trains
on their own account and pay the bill
themselves. It will be conceded, there
fore,* that something other than party
politics is causing this daily rush of people
to Canton, and it is true that the incentive
is something far removed from ordinary
campaign enthusiasm.
The fact is, industries everywhere are
closing down and commercial and mer
cantile enterprises are curtailing opera
tions as much as possible because the
threats of the Bryanites to force destruc
tive methods upon the world of trade and
traffic if Bryan is elected are destroying
confidence in business circles. That is
why Republicans and Democrats are
working together to avoid such a calamity
as Bryan's election woula be. All of
Major McKinley's economic theoriej are
not indorsed by Democrats, but they
know that if he is elected be will make
no wild and ill-advised chanzes in the
existing monetary system of the country.
And aeain, business men and working
men do not quit their places of occupa
tion and journey miles away merely to
feed their curiosity; and so it must be
that they travel all the way to Canton to
give Ai a jor McKinley encouragement from
a sense of duty, which all the more em
phasizes the feeiinc of fear that now pre
vails in business circles over the possi
bility of Bryan's election. To be sure,
there is little if any likelihood of Bryan's
election, but commerce and industries are
not disposed to take any chances, and that
is why business men and wage-earners,
without reference to part ties, are giving
all the aid they can in making Major Mc-
Kinley's election sure beyond the pos
sibility of a doubt.
Ido not believe that you can legislate up
the value of anything any more than I be
lieve you can viake generals heroes by legisla
tion. The Continental Congress tried legis
lating values up by resort to penalties, but
the inexorable laws of trade, as independent
as the laws of gravitation, kept them down. —
Roscoe Conkling.
THE GRAND JUKY'S REPORT.
The revelations of the Grand Jury are
simply an official report of things and
doings which the public has been familiar
with for a long time. Nevertheless the
recommendations of the Grand Jury
should oe considered in the light of
the authority making them and remedies
should be applied that will correct the evils
complainedjof. What the people want is a
capable and economical administration of
their municipal affairs, and to secure that
they may be relied upon to hold up the
hands, of the Grand Jury or any other le
gally constituted authority in tne work of
giving protection to the social and busi
ness interests of the community against
whatever is running counter to the law
and the best good of the municipality.
The presumption is that the Graad Jury
bases its report upon facts that can be sub
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
stantiated by those whose duty it is to
protect the people from unjust acts and
extravagant expenditure of the public
money. If enormous assessments have
been made, or if favoritism has been shown
in the conduct of any of tne City's offi
cials, it certainly is the duty of some one
or other public official to undertake to
complete the work begun by the Grand
Jury. It is a matter of enforcing the law
and not a matter of any official's likes and
dislikes.
As we have said, the people want and
will have a municipal government that
governs for the best interests of all the
citizens, and public sentiment will stand
by the officers of the law in every effort to
punish wrongdoing, whether it be in high
or low places. The Grand Jury says glar
ing abuses have been allowed to creep into
the management of many of the City's
departments, and if that be true it would
not be difficult to locate those who are re
sponsible for it. The public is satisfied
that in some instances at least the jury's
charges are easy to substantiate, and it
demands that reforms be adopted that
shall oblige officials to serve the public as
their oath of office requires them. The
report of the Grand Jury is before the
public, and public sentiment can oblige
the proper action to be taken upon it.
My own idea is that we should encourage
home manufactures to the extent of our own
consumption. I have said that the home mar
ket is the best market. You know that from
experience; ami the home market is made bel
ter by increasing our factories and giving
employ men*, to idle workmen. Put every idle
man in the country to work and your consum
ers will be increased, and when your consum
ers are increased then the market is improved
and the better the price you receive for your
products. — McKinley.
GEORGE WASHINGTON.
The centennial anniversary of George
Washington's farewell address to his
countrymen will be pretty generally cele
brated throughout the United States to
day, as it should be, for what we now
enjoy in the way of personal liberty is
a heritage that cost the founders of the
Government a great deal, and we should
remember with especial gratitude the man
who made the Declaration of Independ
ence effective by leading the armies of
freedom to sure and certain victory.
There have been many changes in the
methods and conduct of the political and
commercial affairs of the people in the
century now closing, but the central idea
of the purpose of the Government, as ex
pressed by George Washington, "The very
idea of the power and the right of a peo
ple to establish government, presupposes
the duty of every individual to obey the
established government," has never grown
dim nor lost any of its power to awaken
to duty. George Washington issued his
address to about 5,000.000 people, and to
day more than 70,000,000 people participate
in the blessings of his achievement.
It is proper, therefore, that the people
give puolic demonstration of their grati
tude to the founder of a system ot govern
ment that secures the highest opportunity
for individual endeavor and encourage
ment to go from strength to strength in
all the ways that lead to peace, happiness
and the full enjoyment of one's own
honest efforts. George Washington was
needed by humanity, and he came in the
fullness of time to strengthen civilization
in its onward and upward march.
I can take the dollars of my country into
every free-silver coinage nation of the world —
Mexico, China, Japan, South America —
wherever you please, and I can buy twice as
much at the home store as Die most privileged
citizen of the locality can buy with the best
dollar his Government gives him to use. Ido
not care to exchange my privilege with any
man who is ready to give me two of his dol
lars to one of viine.— Senator Thurston.
THE SUNDAY CALL
To-morrow's issue of Thk Call will con
tain a number of very bright and enter
taining features of esnecial interest to
those who live in San Francisco or Cali
fornia, besides a great deal of good litera
ture that is at once attractive and instruc
tive. Nearly all of these will b« hand
somely illustrated, and from every stand
point The Sunday Call will be up to ita
own high conception of what a Californian
Sunday newspaper ought to be. Amone
the features of special interest the follow
ing may be mentioned:
How an American May Become the
Ruler of Great Britain.
Man, Nature and Sheep in the Wilder
ness.
The Comet That Is Coming aud What
May Be Expected If It Strikes the Earth.
Using Dogs in War.
Cruisers That Cannot Cruise and the
Cost of an Admiral's Cooking.
If She Would Catch a Husband in Ban
Francisco.
The Lucky Find of the Bald Eagle.
"When the North Pole and the Magnetic
Pole Parted Company 12,000 Years Ago.
Saving the Poor Children From the
Streets.
Only One Secret Necessary to Turn
Silver Into Gold.
The Strangest School District in
America.
/ have always been in favor of a protective
tariff. And 1 have always advocated and
believed in it because I thought it was neces
sary to protect the American workingmen
against the cheaper labor of the world. Ap
plying that great principle lam in favor of
protecting to-day the workingmen of ihe
United States agatnst a degraded currency.
I am opposed to free trade because it degrades
American labor. lam opposed to free silver
because it degrades American money. — Mc-
Kinley. _^_________
THE TRUTH VS. BRYAN.
In his speech at Charlotte, N. C, Mr.
Bryan boldly asserted that "we have been
decreasing our circulation for the last few
years," and then he went on to claim
that, owing to the demonetization of silver
in 1873, the volume of the country's circu
lating money medium baa failed to keep
pace with the increase in the volume of
trade and commerce, and that as a conse
quence our dollars nave been enhanced in
value.
If Mr. Bryan would take the trouble to
inform himself upon the questions he dis
cusses he would have & better standing as
a teacher of the science of government
and practical economics. It so happens
that a notification of nominav'on does not
convey to the nominated any knowledge
or understanding of the principles of the
party, nor wigdom that he may properly
apply them if elected, but Mr. Bryan is
under the impression it would seem that
the convention which nominated him also
endowed him with a perfect knowledge
of all there is of political and commercial
economy. At least he is laboring under
that or some other hallucination, for no
man who was at himself would stand be
fore an audience and contradict facts of
current history of which every one was
cognizant.
If Mr. Bryan will secure a statement
from the Treasury Department concern
ing the per capita money in the United
States eince the Government was founded
and will study the exhibit after he has re
ceived it, he will know a good deal more
than he did when he asserted at Charlotte
that the act of 1873 operated and still
operates to decrease the per capita money
of the country.
In 1800 tne total money of the United
States was $5 27 per capita and $4 99 in cir
culation. In 1861, when the Republican
party assumed the direction of the affairs of
the Nation, the total per capita money was
$14 09, of which $13 98 was in circulation.
The highest point reached during the Civil
War was in 1865, when the total per capita
money was $22 16, with $20 57 in circula
tion. In 1873 the total money consisted of
$25,000,000 in specie and in round num
bers $750,000,000 of other forms of money,
which was $18 58 per capita, with $18 04 in
circulation. In 1880 we had a total per
capita of $24 04, of which $493,363,884 was
in specie, with a per capita circulation of
$19 41. The year 1890 opened with a total
per capita volume of $34 24, of which $22 82
was in circulation, and there was specie
aggregating $1,152,471,638. The per capita
circulation in 1890 was greater than in any
former year in tne history of the country
up to that time. In 1892 the specie reached
$1,234,588,789, with $36 21 per capita money
all told and $24 50 in circulation. In 1894
the total specie was $1,252,0.71,667, with a
totai per capita money amounting to
$35 44, of which $24 33 was in circulation.
The treasury statement for August, 1896,
based upon a population of 71,518,000,
shows the per capita circulation to nave
been $21 18.
Thus it will be seen that the official
tables of the Treasury Department flatly
contradict Mr. Bryan at every point, but
that will make no difference to the Demo
cratic candidate. He is not dealing in
f.icts, nor will he, for facts and his candi
dacy are diametrically opposed.
LADY'S CAPE.
The prevailing mode in autumn capes is the
rather short single cape with flariug collar.
Thss shape is choseu both for cloth and satin
or silk garments.
The former are perfectly plain, with machine
stitching around the edges, or are strapped in
various ways with the same goods. Borne have
! two or three straps aown the back. Others
i have cloth set on to form points.
Satin capes of black are fancifully trimmed
with ruffles of black chiffon and white, cream,
I or ecru lace. One had a flounce of chiffon
half its length, gathered into the neck. On
I this was a ruffle ot white lace two inches nar
rower, and over this again a ruffle ot chiffon,
two inches narrower than the lace. A ruche
of chiffon finished the neck.
Capes of gay Dresden bilk are stylishly trim
med with black chiffon or lace. Jet on net or
tulle is much used, in the shapes of yokes and
collars.
When ma<se of cloth the cape is seamless, but
narrow fabrics have a seam down the center
: back.
PERSONAL.
Fred Wegg Howe of London is In town.
Dr. J. P. K. Heintz of Monterey Is in town.
E. B. Yerington of Nevada is at the Palace.
A. L. Arundell of New York is at the Palace.
Ex-Judze Col well of Nevada City is on a visit
here.
0. A. Low of the Bank of Woodland Is in tho
City.
0. M. Heintz of Lob Angeles U at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. D. E. Osborne of St. Helena is visiting
the City.
Dr. L. A. Noyes of Sltka is among the arrivals
at the Grand.
J. F. Clapp, a mining man of San Andreas, ii
at the Grand.
Judge J. Nsiffzigger of Merced la at the Cos
mopolitan Howl.
Bernard Lande of New York is among the
arrivals at the Palace.
8. F. Geil, the old-time resident of Salinas, Is
among the guests of the Occidental.
J. Jarnict, a merchant oi St. Paul, Minn., Is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
C. K. McClatchey, editor and one of the own
ers of the Sacramento Bee, is in town.
Joseph Germaine, the well-known business
man ot Winnemucca, Nev., is in town.
Colonel E. T. Winston of the United States
army arrived here from the East yesterday.
A. McLaugulin, a wealthy stock-raiser of
Idaho, ii a guest at ihe Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. K. Edgar, a prominent business man of
Colorado Springs, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Colonel Evan Miles of the array came up
from Santa Cruz yesterday. He is at the
Pulace.
J. F. More of Santa Barbara, who is inter
ested heavily in an island lying off the channel
from Santa Barbara, is at the Palace.
The Rev. Dr. G eorge C. Adams of St. Louis,
who has been temporarily called to the pulpit
of the Firit Congregational Church, will
arrive here to-day and will preach hit first
sermon to-morrow.
John Sparks, the wealthy cattle and land
owner of Nevada, was among yesterday's
arrivals at the Palace. Mr. Sparks .has an
enormous cattle ranch, extending from near
Humboldt north into Idaho. He is known as
the cattle king of the Sagebrush State.
W. S. Doane of Doane & Henshelwood has
returned here after several weeks' absence in
New York. He says there is a feeling of unrest
owing to the silver campaign. Foreign agents
in New York are getting no orders. About 65
per cent of the Eastern factories are closed.
The general feeling is that as soon as Major
McKinley is elected confidence will be restored.
George R. Tingle, United States Inspector of
the Fisheries for Alaska, arrived here yester
day, accompanied by M. E. Fagan and Bhaler
Berry, Assistant Inspectors. Mr. Tingle has
been on the southwestern and western coasts
of Alaska and in the Bering Straits for some
time, while Messrs. Fagan and Berry have
been examining the fisheries in Southeastern
Alaska. They are all at the Occidental. They
went to Alaska on July 1.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 18.-AI the Im
perial, C.c.Moore, E. Buckleton; Bartholdi,
Mrs. M. Deforrest; Continental, Mrs. McCrea;
Union-square, P. Sauterheimer, Mn Ida
Ealand of Banta Barbara left the Westminster
to sail on the Havel for a tour of France with
a number of Chicago young ladies.
BRYAN'S MISTAKE.
Canton RepMltory.
Mr. Bryan, in his letter of acceptance, sayi
this year is not the time to talk tariff. In
view of the large and growing deficiency in
the National treasury, it Is necessary to con
sider tariff and revenues. Other people are
considering the subject, as Mr. Biyan will dis
cover when the votes are counted."
"Jobson, I do believe that if yon were given
your choice between me and your pipe, you
would hesitate."
"That's where you make a mistake, Mrs. Job
son, a pipe soothes and comforts a man in his
old age."— Nc W York Herald.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
W. H. Clary, owner of the famous Sheep
Ra rich gold property In Ca'.averas County, is
among the arrivals at the Lick.
Mr. Clary 1r credited with, being one of the
best informed mining men in the State. He
came to California as an early pioneer and has
been mining and running large ranches ever
since.
He has amassed a comfortable fortune and
some time ago took up bis residence in Stock
ton. Mr. Clary has an enormous acquaintance
up and down the coast, but particularly in
California, and people speak of him in words
of praise.
"I am not working the Sheep Ranch mine at
present," he said a day or two ago, "and there
is only a little mining work going on in that
W. H. CLARY, the Owner of the Celebrated Sheep Ranch Mine
of Calaveras.
{Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
immediate vicinity. Stockton, where I reside,
is fairly active and almost the same as it was
five or six months ago."
Mr. Clary never comes to the City that he
does not meet a small army of men whom he
has known in his mining experience. It was
thus at the Lick when he alluded to the busy
life he had led. He will be here two or three
days.
AUTUMN JOYS.
The nights are getting so one likes to tuck the
covers in;
The katydids are gosriping about pocr Katherioe;
A man can wear a collar now for much more than
a mlnut<>
Without it losing all the starch the laundryman
put in it;
And if things keep on progressing in the way
they've star: ed out
The time will be upon us soon, without a shade
of doubt.
When th>- frost shall shrink the mercury down to
a low degree
And the 'skeeters cease from troubling and the
festive fly shall flee— Indianapolis Journal.
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
Bryan Is evidently resolved to die with his
mouth on.— New York Tribune.
It Is a pity that Tom Watson could not have
been muzzled; he is a discredit, even to him
self.—Manchester, (N. H.) Union.
In some parts of Arkansas elections are con
ducted at the 16-to-l ratio — sixteen votes to
one voter.— New York Tribune.
The dissatisfied man should not fall to noto
that the more speeches Bryan makes the better
business gets. — Baltimore American.
The only way the workingman can be bene
fited by the free silver coinage is for him to get
possession of a silver mine. — Goshen (Ind.)
Times.
In his determination to come to the frosty
East again, Bryan shows up well as a possible
seeker of the north pole.— Philadelphia North
American. ■
There hasn't been a sadder stiectacle than
Sewall presents since Casablanca declined to
withdraw from the burning deck.— Rochester
Post-Express.
The main trouble with Candidate Bryan
seems to be that he possesses such an enormous
amount of information that isn't so.— New
York Advertiser.
The difference between Vermont and Arkan
sas is that in one State the people do the voting,
while in the other the Democrats do the count
ing. — New York Mail and Express.
"Who are the anarchists?" asks Mr. Bryan.
He may not be one, but he has been trying to
make them by arraying section against section
and class against class.— lowa State Register.
It Is simple wickedness for any intelligent
person to advocate depreciated currency and
attempt to array a part of the people of this
Union against another part.— Hartford Times.
Candidate Bryan assured the silverite com
mittee that his convictions on the silver ques
tion were not shallow. Few would have sus
pected it from his Incessant prattle. "The
shallows murmur, but the deeps are dumb."
Philadelphia Record (Dem.).
The closer Mr. Bryan's utterances are studied
the more apparent will be the shallowness of
his sopnistries, and the more widespread will
be the conviction that to place so loose a
thinker, so glib a talker and so reckless a
leader in the Presidential chair would be an
irreparable mistake.— Chicago Times-Herald.
"Look here," said the Bryan man, "you fel
lows have no right to call yourselves the
National Democracy."
"Well," answered the Palmer man, "just to
oblige you, as far as I am concerned, I won't
call it that any more, how would it do call
ourselves the Rational Democracy?"
But the other man, being a Bryan man, was
still discontented.— lndianaoolis Journal.
NASBY ON SILVER.
Thi Question Discussed in Bascom's Stori
Eighteen Years Ago.
I alnt so certin that I want the silver bill
to pass ez I wuz. The fact is. the thing don't
work ez I spozed it wood, and 1 ain't clear onto
it. There is suttle principles in these finan
shel questions which require a great dccl uv
thought, and there is underlying principles
wich a man has got to understand afore he is
competent to set hisself up ez authority.
One thing I'm certain uv— Bascom ain't no
finanseer, nor never will be, and I told him so.
"Wat Is a finanseer?" asked he.
"A finanseer," sed I, assoomin the look of
Dan'l Webster, "is a man wich kin pay his
debts with nothin— a man wich kin git suthin
with nuthln'."
"The Corners, then, is full of finanseers, "he
remarked bitterly, castin a casual glance at
bis slate, wich wuz jist full enuff to turn over
and oegin on totber side.
But he hezn'tany uv the science uv it. I wuz
argooing with him the other day in favor of
my notion of a leather currency, though I
told him silver wuz much the same thing, and,
for example, I woud assoom that silver wuz to
be the currency uv the fucher.
"Now, don't yoo see, Bascom, thet ef I bed
twict ez much money I cooa drink twict ez
much whisky and pay for it?"
"How much is twice nothin'?" wuz the un
fee.lu answer uv the tyrant who holds the
destinies uv the Corners in his hands. That's
»»'■ yoor capital hez bin ever since I knowd
yoo."
"Parson," sed he, "I don't see wat erthlv
difference it's goin' to make whether silver is
currency or anything else. How are voo coin'
togitsi.veref it is made legal tender? Ef sil
ver wuz ez plenty ez bricks wat hey you got to
git any uv it with ?''
"Troo, G. W.," wuz my answer; "but can't
you see that to hey silver wood releeve the
liettor class? Even now, afore it is legal ten
der, it's only wuth 92 cents on the dollar, and
when the country is flooded with It v W ill go
still lower. Then we — or rather sich uv us ez
hey property to raise money on— tin pay off—"
"Eggsacily so," retorts Bascom; "you kin
pay me for the good, honist likker uv mine
wich you bey consoomed, in coin, which is
less than the dollar you promised. All rite.
But look here — come in here, all uv yoo. I
want yoo silver men to know exactly wat yoo
are ruthtn' into."
And this feend led us Into the back room
that back room which <y>ntanes the subsist
ence of the Corner?. There, in long rows, wuz
Bascom's stock. There, in barrils, piled one
on top uv another, wuz the df lishus whl.iky uv
Louisville, uv different ages, ranging from
turn uv two weeks old to that wich hed jist
leu the still and was scarcely cold yit. There
It lay, and as my eye ranged affeckshunatety
over it I felt ef I cood he y the drink'.n' uv all
that likker 1 wood be content to lay down ana
die when the last drop wuz gone.
Bascuin p'inted to an immense tank wich he
hed erect id within a few days, with a pipe
running in from the roof.
"I shan't raise the price uv likker in conse
kence uv bein' paid for it in a depreshiated
currency!" sed he.
I fell on Bascom's neck, in an extacy uv de
lite, while the others shouted, "Rah for Bas
com!"
"G. W.," I remarkt, while teers suffoosed my
eves, "I never placed you much below the an
gels, but this generous act has hlsted yoo a
Hundred per cent in my estimashun. Bless
yoo, G. W., bless yoo."
"But I'll tell you what I sheldo. Dy yoo see
that tank?" sed he.
"May 1 ask wat that is for?" I sed.
'•Tuat tank will fill with ranewater," sed he.
"The moment yoo get to payin' me in silver I
shel take out uv each uv them barrils jist eggs
ackly three and one-fifth gallons uv likker and
till it with water."
"Mercitul hevings!" we all exclaimed, "and
yoor likker so weak now!"
'And when silver gits down to 75 cent 3on
the dollar I shel take out 25 per cent uv
whisky and fill her up 25 per cent of water.
And soon down. Ef silver goes up I shel add
whisky eggsackly in proporstaen. In short,
my whisky Is jist agoiu' to foller currency,
and nothin' shorter. Yoo fellers wich work
lor wagis may swet, but I won't."
"But yoo'l increase the size of yoor glasses ?"
sed I.
"Not eny. But yoo may drink twice ez
many times to git the same amount uv drunk
ez before, by payin' for each drink."
And Baskom stalked hawtily back and took
his poslshen behind the bar.
Ther wuz cousternashun in the Corners sich
ea I hey never seen. Ther wuz a hurried con
sultashun at the deekin's house, and I sejestea
that we emancipate ourselves from the domin
yuu uv this tyrant by star'lin' a grosery uvour
own, on the joint-stock principle, which wuz
agreed to, each man agreein' to contrlbbit $10
to the capital stock, which would be enuff to
buy a barl or two, for a beginnin'.
We wuz enthoosiastic till wt come to bal
lotin* for the man to keep the place, when it
wuz found instid uv my bein' chosen yoonaui
musly, es I eggsuected to be, that every man
hed vot.d lor nisself. Ez not a soul uv them
would resede, the skeem wuz blocked rite
there, and finally hed to be abandoned and we
went back to Bascom's and submittid. That
tyrant hez us.
Uv course we can't stand likker dilootid in
that manner. We are willin' enuff to diloot
the currency with wich to pay fur likker, but
we want our likker fuil streugth. We coodent
help it, but that nite we signed and sent to our
Representative a remonstrance agiu' the silver
bill. The Cornt-rs is now for a. honest cur
rency. Wood, O wood, that we hed some uv it.
Petroleum V. Nahby, Finanseer.
Confederit X Roads (Wich is in the State of
Kentucky), January 22, 1878.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Charles Dana Gibson— Subscriber, San Ra
fael, Cal. Charles Dana Gibson is very much
alive. He was married four months ago.
The Emerald— A. O. 8., City. The question
"Is there a newspaper called the Emerald?"
is one that is too indefinite to admit of an an
swer, as it is impossible to tell where in the
wide world to make an inquiry.
Soldiers' Homes— Subscriber, Soldiers' Home,
Santa Monica, CaL The National Soldiers'
Home is maintained by a fund contributed by
members of the regular army. Those who are
eligible to admission may ii they desire accept
in lieu of the shelter of the home $8 per
month. There is no such provision in relation
to homes maintained for soldiers of the volun
teer army.
To San Qttentin-c. H. D., City. The regular
visiting day at Ban Quentin State prison is the
first Sunday in e*ch month. The prison may
be reached by either the San Francisco and
North Pacific or North Pacific Coast Railway.
The first named is the shortest route, being
thirteen mnes by ferry and rail and one mile
by stage. By the other route the distance is
twenty-one and a haif miles.
Last Rose of Summer— Constant Reader,
Menlo Park, Chl. The story that a Californian
once heard Emma Abbott in the East sing
!i be v^ 1 Roso ol Summ-ir" and that on his
deathbed some years later, while Emma Ab
bott was in San Francisco, he sent word to her
that if he could hear her sing that song once
more he could die happy, is pure fiction. The
same story was located In almost every Staie
in the Union, with some slight variation.
Federal Income Taxes— J. P. 8., AuDurn,
Cal. The following is a history by Roger Fos
ter of the Federal income taxes: During the
war of 1812 a Federal income tax was sug
gested by Dallas, the Secretary of the Treasury,
aDd would probably have been adopted had it
not been for the peace which luuuedimely en
sued. The direct property tax act of August 5,
1861, also imposed a tax oi 3 per cent on
the excess of all incomes over MOO, which,
however, was never collected. These provi
sions of the direct property tax net were re
pealed by the act of July 1, 1862, which
imposed an income tax of 3 per cent upon
the excess of annual incomea between $000
and $10,000 at the rate of 5 per eentou the
*TE"W TO-DAT. ' \
FOR
IcKILEYMd OOBART
"I believe It Is a good deal better to open up
the mills of the United States to the labor of
America than to open up the mints of the
United States to the silver of the world."
—WILLIAM McKINLEY.
. HON. nil SCOTT
t WILL ADDRESS THE
IRONWORKERS
OJP
SAN FRANCISCO
AT THE
AUDITORIUM,
COR. EDDY AND JONES STS.,
THIS (SATURDAY) EVEIM.
FRANK 3IcLAUGHI,IX,
Chairman Republican suite committee.
31. R. HIOGIHB, Secretary.
excess' when the income exceeded $10,000.
The act of June 30, 18G4, increased the rate
between ifOOO and $5000 to 5 per
cent; between $5000 and #10,000 to 7'j
pnr cent and over $10,000 10 per eentou
the excess of income over $600. Tne joint re
solutions of Juiy 4, 1804, imposed r special tax
upon the excess oi incomea over $GOO ior tha
preceding year only. The act of March ;i,
1865, amended the act of June 30, 1804, and
increased the rate to 10 per ceut upon
the excess of im-om^ over $5000. The net
of March 2. 1867. imposed 5 per cent
on the excels of income over $1000 untij
IS7O, and in 1870 the act of July 14 reduced
the tax to2J.£ per cent for that year and 1871,
when the tnx expired and was not re-enacted.
The next was the income tax of 2 per cent
upon the excess of all incomes over $4000,
and upon the incomes of all corporation",
companies and other associations other than
partnership's, which was imposed by tne act
of August 28, 1894. This last was the one that
was declared unconstitutional.
Betting on an Election— C. R., Coleridge.
Trinity County, Cal. Section 60 of the Penal
Code of this State says:
Every person who makes, offers or accepts any
bet or water upon the result of any election, or
upon the success or failure of any person or candi
date, or upon the number of votes to tie cast either
in the aggregate or for any particular candidate,
or upon the vote to be cast by any person, is guilty
of a misdemeanor.
Section 33 of the act of February 23, 1893,
says:
It shall be unlawful for any candidate for public
office, before or during an election, to make any
bet or wager with a voter, or take a shure or Inter
est in, or in any manner bee me a party to such
bet or wager, or provide or agree to provide any
money to be used by another in makins: such bet
or waver, upon any event or contingency nhac
ever. Nor shall it he lawful for any person directly
or indirectly to make a bet or waper with a voter,
depending upon the result of any election, with
the intent, thereby to procure the challenge of
BJch voter, or to prevent, him from voting at such
election. Every person who commits any of the
offenses mentioned in this section is guilty of a
misdemeanor.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
Cawker— Young Pennibs is doing better than
he did in the poetry line.
Cumso— Why, he told me he hadn't written
anything for a couple of months.
Cawker— That's what 1 mean.— Judge.
"He's a hermit, you know, and never has
spoken to woman."
"Poor fellow! Perhaps he has always met
the kind that insist on doing all the talking
themselves." — Chicago Post.
"I thought you said Measley had gone gun
ning after big gaiue?"
"so he has."
"But I see in the paper he's at the seashore."
"Well, that's where the big game is. She's a
millionaire's, daughter.— Philadelphia North.
American.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. TownseniTs.*
Soft Baby Cream 15c. lb. Townsend's. •
•—• — ♦ — •
Bist peanut taffy in tho world. Townsend's.*
Townseud's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 2sc*
•—• — • — •
Glasseslsc. Sunday 738 Mrkt. Kastshocstore.*
•—«• — «> — •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pren
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
A Great Employer Speaks
ban Jose Mercury.
As Irving M. Scott says, not all the laws the
people could pass would givd working people
money unless they were given opportunitiec to
earn it.
Are Yon Going Kant?
The Atlantic and Pacific liailroad— Snnta F"»
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable suti
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence frora
alKall dust. Particularly adapted for the tran*.
portatlon of families becaus» of its palace dratr
lng-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland lo
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Saa
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1631. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
•—• — • — •
Great Rock Island Route Playing Cards
Send 12 cents In stamps to John Sebastian gen
eral passenger agent C R. I. and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest pack of playing cards
you ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more pack 3 they will be scut you
F os : paid.
Orders containing «0 cents In stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 pacts by ex
press, charges patd.
* » ■»—•» — •
Dr. Sibokbt's Angostura Bitters possess an ex
quisite flavor and are a sure preventive for all
diseases of the digestive organs.
Whks your food baa no relish the stomach
needs to be cleansed and strengthened by a dose
or two of Ayer"s .Pills.
Can't Fool Them All the Time.
Bodle Mining Index.
The man who works for a living will not
again be humbugged us he was four years ago
when the Democrats promised everything and
have done nothing.
NEW TO-DAT.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
A cream ot tartar bakiiiß p>>wd<v. Hignest Ot
■11 la leavening strength.— Latest United Statm
Qovrrnmeat Food Report.
Koyai, Baking X'owubb Co., New York.SATURDAY t ... .. BKPTKMBEK 19,1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bai.t>\cin- Theater —"Madame San* Gene."
California Theater.— On the Bowery."
Columbia Tbkatkb— "A Matrimonial Maze."
> < Roacot li uiA-iipusk- -The Danger Signal"
Tivoi.r OFim-Hor**.— "Hansel and GreteL"
OKPHEUK-H! VnudevlUa.
•AICA7AR Theater.— "Ours."
*i:tko Batiib — Bathing and performances.
*-boct thf. chtites— DaUy «v Uaigut street,
ere block tout of the Park. . .i ;■;■-•;>
Mfchaj»ic«' Institute Favixioic—
ninth industrial imposition. .
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Family Excursion-— To Camp Taylor. Sunday,
pentember 2U.
Kxcrßsius- To the Golden Gate, Sunday. Sep-
tember £0. **t
AUCTION SALI.S.
By a.. L. Crkssw ell— Monday, September 21,
Furniture, at 21>97 Franklin street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Methodist conference has indorsed
woman suffrage.
The Supremo Court has denied the appeal in
Jenning> vs. Brown.
Mayor Sutro lms declared himself unequivo
cally in favor of bimetallism.
marble will be used on the main
front of the new ferry building.
The Thirty-first District Free-silver Club was
organized at the People's party tent last night.
J. Gallagher, a prisoner, almost escaped from
the dock in Police Judge Conlan's court yes
terday.
Entries to the Stockton bench show have
been received. A full list is published in this
tame.
The trial of Emma Ashley for assault to
murder K. J. Baldwin will "be resumed on
Monday.
The Sons of the American Revolution will
give a banquet at the California Hotel this
evening.
An amusing entertainment was given last
ni^ht by Frank Lincoln at the Association
Auditorium.
To-morrow several gun clubs will hold
shoots, including the Reliance, Lincoln and
Golden Gate.
Unsettled weather, with showers Saturday
early in thy morning— Local Forecast Official
A. G. McAdie.
There will be an Important meeting to-night
of the Wheelmen's Municipal League at 441
Golden Gaie avenue.
Ducks and snipe are reported plentiful in the
marshes south of Sacramento and in ttie Wash
ington Lake district.
The Harrison cup cricket contest is ap
proaching a conclusion. At present the Bohe
mians are in the lead.
The forthcoming fistic contest before the
Rio Vista Club between Payne and Carter is
exciting much interest.
The ladies of St. James' parish last night
Dresenied Company X of the League of the
Cro?s a beautiful silk flag.
A committee from the Board of Health took
samples of water from the park and Castro
Heights reservoirs yesterday.
The new mailcars are run at an average
speed of 12 miles an hour, or lour miles in ex
cess oi the limn prescribed by law.
"Deacon" Jones, ex-valet to Clarence Great
house, Minister of the United States to Korea,
has been run down by a trolley-car.
The interest in i »otb:ill is increasing. Al
ready the prospects of me intercollegiate and
iuterclub games are being canvassed.
Anglers on the Eel River are thinking of
wending homeward. Only six more months
remain to tiie iovers of trout-fishing.
The Drill Corps of Golaen Gate Commander?,
Kninhis Templar, nave a '-high jinks to the
ladies" at (iojdt'n Gate Hail last evening.
Ln«t night's rally of young Republicans at
the Auditorium, under the auspices of the Me-
Kiiiley Invincibles, was largely attended.
The French ship Jules Verne is considerably
overdue from Newcastle, Australia, and 10
per cent reinsurance is being paid on her.
Slorra H. Watson was yesterday divorced
from James W. Watson. This is the second
time the parties have been legally separated.
A five-mile road race under the auspices of
the Olymj'ic and Garden City cycling clubs
will be held to-morrow on the road to San
Jose.
The insurance compact is still engaging the
attention of fire underwriters. The "non
inu-rcourse" provision is not acceptable to all
agents.
Tennessee marble will be used on the main
front oi the ferry depot, instead of compressed
brick. The Harbor Commissioners favor the
change.
The finest organ in the world, according to
experts, Is soon to be placed in St. Ignatius
Church. Five cars were required in its trans
portation.
The Valley road yesterday Issued grain rates
from Fresno to tidewater points, and its fig
ures were promptly met by a reduction on the
part of the Soutnern Pacific.
Lieutenant Fechteler, for the last two years
at the head of the United States Hydrographic
Office in this City, has been transferred to the
coa6t defense vessel Monterey.
It is complained that the black bass caught
in the Spring Valley Water Company's lakes
are unfit for food, being strongly tainted with
the taste of decayed vegetation.
Secretary Godchaux of the Board of Health
hns compiled a Üble of figures showing that
San Francisco is far healthier in some respects
than Eastern centers of population.
Superintendent Flint says that should any
accidents occur through the absence of fend
ers on the new posul-cur.s the department can
not be held responsible lor damages.
Fifty thousand young trout have been
planted by the Eshoin Valley Gun and Fish
Club in the north lork oi the Kaweah River
and in Redwood Creek, Redwood Canyon.
C. C. Hill yesterday brought suit in behalf of
his minor son, C. C. H. Hi:l, to annul the lat
tcr's marriage to Adolphina Scheller, alleging
the young woman is not of good character.
Mining experts from various parts of the
world are prospecting on the mother lode and
there is an idea afloat in certain quarters that
a large deal in ruining properties may be made
in that region.
Much attention is being attracted toward
tne mother lode, owing to the arrival of
well-known mining experts from abroad who
are accredited with a project of concentrating
large mining locations.
F. E. Bowers of the Keni and Kenik rivers,
Cook's lrjle\ has arrived here. He says in the
valleys of these and other rivers are enormous
areas of the finest grassland, suitable for grow
ing cattle, sheep and other livestock.
The Junta convention last night nominated
James D. Phelan for Mayor by acclamation.
The body also adopted a platform. School
Director Ambrose was nominated for Street
buperiutcuaent and Asmussen for Treasurer.
Judge Belcher yesterday received notice irom
Governor Budd to so to San Mateo County and
S reside at the hearing of the Lux case. Judge
uck, who has been conducting the trial, con
siders himseif disqualified by reason of the
tangle over attorneys' fees.
A silver mass-meeting will be held this
evening at Metropolitan Temple. The ar
rangements were completed! lust evening. Hon.
M. F. Taylor of Colorado will be the speaker of
the evening. The usual musical programme
including songs by the Glee Club will help to
draw..
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday after
noon, when it was decided to recommend the
Board of Supervisors to purchase two first
class and two third-class steam fire engines.
The resignation of Alexander Snider of engine
4 and James Regan of truck 2 were accepted.
Joseph Stevens was api.ointed steward of
chemical engine 5 and Joseph P. Gross hose
man of engine 30.
The Valentine Holt Society of the Children
of tlie American Revolution hns, through its
secretary. Miss Flora M. Walton, addressed a
communication to the president of the Board
;cation requesting the Directors to issue
sucii oflicial ordt- rs a-s will cause the National
fliip to be raised on every public scnoolh'.use
in Ban Francisco to-day, this being the centen
nry of Washington's farewell address to the
people oi the United States.
At a meeting of the Vereln Concordia last
evening the election and installation of the
new officers took place. Following are the
rames >i tb<> successful endidates; Presi
dent, Paul Kail ; vice-president. Winard Klo«e;
recording secretary, A. A*mann; financial sec
reury, C Wustefeid; treasurer, H. Wrede;
puard, William H. Smith; surgeou, F. F. Lord,
M.D. ; trustee?— P. J. Mink, Joseph Pipellng,
li. Beudit, F. Kaziar and E<l Wrede.
Policemen James D. McLean, Eugene R.
Wall and P. Sullivan were called in front of
the division at the Central statioa Wednes
dcy and complimented for their bravery.
McLean on Septembers arrested two burglars
at 3116 Bu?h Btreei. Wall on September 6
chasi-d and captured a burglar who entered
the Bella Vista Hole!. Sullivan on September
9 captured John J. McCarthy, the Los Angeles
Lank burglar. ,
RAINEY ACCEPTS
JAMES D. PHELAN
The Boys Had to Stand In
for the Sound-Money
Art Critic.
THREATS TO KNIFE BOYD
Protection and the Rest of the
Ticket Promised for the
Nomination.
THE PLATFORM OF THE JUNTA.
Charles Wesley Reed Made Trouble
in a Race for the Stage to Talk
tor Phelan.
James D. Phelan was nominated for
Mayor by Sam Rainey's municipal con
vention last nitjht, because Rainey
"switched" during the day and decided to
accept Phelan and turn down Colin M.
Boyd.
This was not done because the anti-
Chairman Ragan Vainly Attempts
to Keep Order.
Raineyites succeeded in getting the con
vention away from the stableman at alt,
but because Rainey found it to be his best
political policy.
The friends of Phelan— McNab, Hassett,
et al. — found that they could not win in a
fair test of strength, and so they yester
day organized a combination to back a
threat that they would "knife" Boyd if he
were nominated.
This threat was laid before Mr. Rainey,
accompanied by certain assurances that
if the new charter should be adopted and
if Phelan should be elected Mayor,
Rainey would be undisturbed in his pos
session of the Fire Department.
The deal further conceded to Rainey
George T. Marye Was One of the
. Big Goldbugs Who Looked
Serious and Said Nothing.
and Lanigan the Superintendent of
Streets and the Supervisors— all the pat
ronage left to seek this year.
On this sort of a basis Rainey gave
orders that Phelan was the *late candi
date, and he was named last night with
out opposition.
The fact tnat Phelan is a goldbug and
that he is so unpopular witn tlie practical
politicians made him a hard dose for the
boys constituting the Rainey majority in
the convention, but they obeyed orders
and silently swallowed him as far as the
nomination went.
Raim>y had "a walkover in naming
School Director Ambrose for Superintend
ent of Streets, and the slate went through
on the renomination of Broderick for Au
ditor, Creswell for City and County At
torney and Block for Tax Collector.
These incumbents were thus rewarded
for taking the Junta side a few weeks atro.
For Treasurer, William A^smusen was
named.
Odd Fellows' Hall was packed. Much
of the crowd was composed of enrioas
Buckleyites.
Chairman Ragan nearly let the conven
l tion get away from him two or three
times when there was slight cause for
restlessness, for his mild love-taps with the
gavel and his inoffensive commands were
not fearsome things.
Phelan got nominated, bnt the manner
of his nomination was npt accordine to
programme. Charles Wesley Reed was
not on the, slate for the nominating
speech, and there is a hot and eloquent
nominating speech prepared by ex-Senator
H. C. Gesford with much brain lag that
will never be heard.
It was arranged by Phelan and his chief
backers that "Gesford should nominate
him an 1 that M. C. Hassett and George T.
My ye should second the nomination.
Charles Wesley ReeU told Phelan during
the day that he was eoing to nominate
him. Phelan talked diplomatically and
told Hassett later.
Hassett bustled after Reed and told him
to keep his nose out of that business, and i
repeated the caution just before the con- i
tion met. But Reed told Chairman Ragnn, '
it in said, that he was going to nominate ,
Phelan, and when the time came Reed
was instant with his "Mr. Chairman," and
received recognition. •
Then Alex Vogeisane was as qnick to I
get the floor to second the nomination,
and Messrs. Gesford, Has«ett and Marye
bottled up their wrath with their speeches
until after adjournment, when Hassett
"roasted" Reed on the sidewalk for his
impertinence.
It lacked but a few minutes of 9 o'clock
when Chairman Ragan asited the dele
gates to take their seats and the sergeants
to take their stations. Rollcall and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
MR. HEARST'S SILVER MINES.
Object Lesson Showing Why the " Examiner " and
the "Journal " Feel Such a Lively Interest
in Free Coinage.
William R. Hearst owns the only newspaper in this City and the only newspaper in
New YOIK City that champions the free coinage of silver. In those papers day after
day Mr. Hearst declares that the free coinage of silver is a measure calculated to
benefit the workingman and him alone — that the rich men of the country are all
opposed to fren coinage.
However, in the inventory of the estate of Senator Hearst, left to Mrs. Hearst and
William R. Hearst, are found some facts and figures that would point to a very strong
personal interest in the free coinage of silver oh the part of Mr. Hearst himself.
Mr. Hearst is not a poor man— not by a good many million dollars. Senator
Hearst left his widow and son over $5,000,000 worth of silver mining stock— the exact
figure, as estimated by the appraisers, being $5,369,529 60. With the Anaconda stock,
not counted, as it has since been sold, the estate still owns $1,769,529 worth. This is
quite sufficient to fully account for Mr. Hearst's very lively interest in the success of
free silver.
Following is the appraisement of the mining stock alone left by Senator Hearst, the
silver mines being designated by heavy black type:
MINING STOCKS.
Shares.
Anaconda Mining Company* 120,000 $3,600,000 OO
Daly Mining Company 27,633 1-5 525. 030 SO
Ontario Mining Company 32.281 1,226,678 OO
Yuba Gold Mining Company 43,750 21,875 00
Mammoth Grove Mining Company 50,000 500 OO
Homestake Mining Company. 5 40 00
Homestake Mining Company 24,166 1-3 193,330 66
Hichland Mining Company „ 34,285 205,710 10
Deadwood Terra Mining Company 42,418 1-8 21^209 06
I Father de Smet Con. Mining Company 19.609 1-5 4.902 30
Texas Flat G. and S. Mining Company 25,4-53 10.181 2O
Clara Con. G. and S. Mining Company 50,001 50,000 OO
I Phoenix Silver Minin-7 Company 4>476 1-5 2,238 1O
Brewster (South Carolina) Mining Company 75,000 50,000 00
Joculstita (South Carolina) Mining Company 12,0011-s nno' o value
Others no value.
•5,911,691 13
Mining properties not incorporated —
Sierra Gravel Mine, Sierra County 2,000 00
Sundry mining ventures with J. B. Haggln 50,000 00
Chrome mine in SUkiyou and Shasta Counties.. 1.000 OO
inning and other properties at Sheep Ranch, ' '
Caiaveras County 75.000 00
r B , *. ,„ •6,039,691 12
•Since been sold.
Following is the appraisement of the entire Hearst estate, valued at that time at
$8,738,137 15. The Examiner does not appear in the appraisement, as it had been
deeded previously to the son, the present owner:
Mining stock •5,911,695 12
Mines and mining claims not Incorporated 96,659 71
Miscellaneous stocks m 555)440 OO
Bills receivable * 31i15i 41
A. K. Head, advances 2,242 92
San Francisco r,eal estate 749,139 2O
San I rancisco land companies 189,800 OO
Piedra Blanca Ranch, San t,uls Obispo County 700*370 96
Santa Rosa Ranch. San Luis Obispo County 62)738 10
Brian's Ranch, San l^ttls Obispo County 32,300 OO
Sunol Ranch, Alanarda County t 51,838 60
Fleasanton Ranch, Alameda County 39 410 25
Palermo Ranch, Butte County 105*, 844 90
Palermo Land ant} Water Company, Butte County 37,500 OO
! Bonita place \' i O ,'s94 07
: Mudrone Vineyard, Sonoma County ~g 51* 30
I Timber lands. Uendocino County 14,238 76
Mttrsli lands, San Matpo County 28.945 85
l.imiU in Tulare County 14 2go OO
\ T.itmlH in Fresno County 9,600 OO
; Sunnyside Tract, Marln County )" 2)000 00
j a»oney« 69,526 00
Total appraisement «8, 788,137 15
i reading of the minutes of the previotiß
i meeting were dispensed with.
Gallagher of the Thirty-fourth moved
that in viow of the decision of the Su
| preme Court that certain offices were not
i to be filled at the coming election, the re
j port of the committee of permanent
: organization and order of|business be re
ferred'back to that committee for amend
ment, in accordance with the decision.
Smith of the Thirty-fifth objected to
such a course, as a rehearing miuht be
a^ked for and granted and a change in the
present situation result.
He was assured by Euper.e N. Deuprey
that even if such a rehearing was granted
there was not the time to have the matter
rel>enrd an i decided before the day of
election. The motion was adopted and
tlie committee retired to revise the re
port.
Chairman Alexander Vogelsang of the
committee on platform read the platform.
It declares for religious and personal
liberty ; is in favor of a tax of $1 on $100 of
assessed valuation, exclusive of money
necessary for park and public square im
provements; promises fair and equitable
assessment of all property; indorses the
work of the Board of Health ; pledges the
party to the prompt and full payment of
teachers' salaries, and to street improve
ments brought about by economical and
business-like methods. * The repaying of
Market street is advocated and also the
lighting of Golden Gate Park with elec
tricity. It advocates the improvement of
the sewerage system ; favors the sale ot
franchises under restrictions that will
bring an annual revenue to the City; op
poses the funding bill; favors early clos
ing; favors the passage of a bill by the
Legislature declaring bicycles to be bag
gage; condemns the efforts made to re
vive outlawed claims to real property;
favors an improved ambulance service,
covered police patrol wagons; condemns
tne filthy condition of the City Hall; de
clares that the City should own its water
and light supplies and also telephone and
street railway franchises.
The cut-and-dried platform was supple-
! James F. Smith Vainly Tried to
Open the Way for Murasky's
Indorsement.
mented with the following rineing defi
ance aimed at the Buckleyites :
Your committee on platform and resolutions
recommend the adoption of the following res
olution:
No candidate who has received the nomina
tion of any other self-styled Democratic con
i veil li on nnd has not declined the same, snail
receive the indorsement of or be nominated by
tills convention.
Applause with automatic regularity
greeted the reading of each plank.
James F. Smith of the Thirty-fifth ruo
! mitted an amendment providing that the
candidates for judicial honors be exempted
from the resolution last read. He claimed
that no judicial candidate should stand
upon a platform and therefore he ask«d
the adoption of his amendment.
Finally the amendment was put to a
viva voce vote, but a division was de
manded. After the Twenty-tightb Dis
trict delegation had been polled Smith
| withdrew his amendment, and the report
as rend was adopted by acclamation.
J. A. Spinetti, chairman of the com
mittee on permanent organization and
order of business, read the report of that
Committee. It provided for the nomina
tion of the various county and municipal
offi -«rs, excepting those declared to hold
for tour years by the Supreme Court, and
recommended that the Assembly and
Sam Braunhart Again Mourned
the Triumph of Sam Rainey.
Senatorial district conventions meet on
the 21st and report their action to the
convention on the22d.. The recommenda
tion was amended so as to provide for the
meeting of the district conventions to
day and that they report to the conven
tion on the 21st. The report as amended
was adopted.
The next order of business was declared
to be the nomination of candidates for
Mayor. The convention, scenting the
smoke of battle, broke into wild applause.
Charles Wesley Reed ascended the plat
form amid yells ana stamping of feet.
"In times past," be began, "the Mayor
of San Francisco had some power, but in
recent times the Mayor has had no power,
because of the Supreme Court decision
that the Mayor bad no rij{ht to veto
measures passed by the Supervisors.
"It seems probable that the new charter
may be adopted — " fCries of "Never mind
the new charter," "Nominate the Mayor."]
Reed attempted to continue, and was
again interrupted with cries of "Dimond—
nominate Dimond," "Name your candi
date."
"This is only an indication of the en
thusiasm with which the nomination will
be received by the people of San Francisco.
The peculiar circumstances of the past
few days should induce us to make his
nomination unanimous."
"No, no," came from the rear of the
hall.
"Some one may say 'no,' but the con
vention says 'yes,' and the people will
say 'yes, ! " retorted the speaker. He closed
with an eulogy of his nominee.
A. Vogelsang, in a few well-chosen sen
tences, seconded the nomination and Deu
prey moved that the nominations be
closed and Phelan be nominated by accla
mation. This was carried with but one
dissenting voice.
Nominations for Auditor being declared
in older, young George Gallagher of the
Tnirty-iourth District mounted the plat
form and told a story of how he had de
clined that evening to place a certain gen
tleman inf nomination, but had met that
gentleman later. That gentleman, hear
ing that Mr. Gallagher's excuse wad that
j be was not sufficiently eloquent, put bis
foot down rislit there.
"He said that he was out for office, and
that he did not need any eulogy in his
campaign." said Mr. Gatlacher. "It gives
me honor to name Ole Bill Broderick."
The nomination was quickly made by ac
ciamation.
There were cheers and "Ole Bill Brod
erick" was escorted to the platiorm,
where, after cheers, be said a few words of
thanks and of approval of the p!a:form,
especially that portion regarding taxation.
"Nominations for Tax Collector are in
order," said Chairman Ragan, giving
another love tap with his gavel. Eugene
N. Deuprey said some nice things about a
certain gentlemau, and then names James
N. Block, "and in presenting his name I
band to the secretary the ten-dollar piece,"
said Mr. Deuprey in closing.
Mr. Block's possible rivals were In
stantly shut off by the usuai closing mo
tion and the nomination was made by ac
clamation.
Mr. Block came to the stage and briefly
indorsed the platform, and as he retired
the committee of escort which had gone
after James D. Phelan entered the hall
with the nominee lor Mayor.
As the procession came down the aisle
and as Mr. Phelan was presented to the
convention there was enthusiastic cheer
ing from less than half the convention.
It was noticed that the Rainey forces re
mained silent. Mr. Phelan began as fol
lows;
"Mr. Chairman, fellow-Democrats and
fellow-citizens: This very great honor
that you have conferred upon me, coming,
as it has, unexpectedly — " .
This evoked first a titter and finally a
roar of derisive laughter from all over the
hall, in which the speaker could scarcely
refrain from joining. After giving the
mirthful demonstration ample time to ex
pend itself Mr. Phelan continued with
perfect self-composure :
"Gentlemen, I am reassured, for I see it
was not unexpected by you. But I say to
you that so far as 1 am concerned it is an
unexpected honor, and I appreciate it.
"I nave never before received a nomina
tion at the bands of a convention, and am
not familiar with the set words which you
may have reason with your varied experi
ence to expect. Bui what I say are words
of sincerity. I thank you heartily and
cordially."
He referred to his deep interest In the
welfare of the City, and promised if elected
to see that tne City was not plundered
and imposed upon as it had been in the
past — he would represent the City, he
said, as a good lawyer does his client; he
would faithfully protect its every interest;
he would stand between the City and
those who would take undue advantage
of it.
He added that he would again appear
before the convention at some future day,
alter he had read the platform, and would
then be prepared to indorse that docu
ment, which he understood, he said, whs
an excellent one. In conclusion he said
he would enter the contest with all his
energy, and strive not only for his own
election, but for the victory of the entire
municipal ticket which the convention
might name.
Once Mr. Phelan's speech was inter
rupted by a voice which cried, "How
about Bryan?" but the big gold man
noticed it not.
Osgood Putnam's motion that three
committees be appointed to severally
recommend nominations for the judiciary,
Board of Supervisors ana Board of Educa
tion was referred to the committee on
resolutions,
'•Honest Bill A.smussen" took his place
with "Honest Bill Broderick" on the tic
ket a few moments after nominations for
Treasurer werejcalled for, and W. J. Locke
had recommended him as worthy because
he had served in the Legislature.
Then came the nomination of a Super
intendent of Streets. "Ah! Ah!" said the
boys in chorus. This office belonged to
the Rainey boys. Rainey had made no
deal with the opposition in this patronage
office.
Joseph E. O'Donnell came forth toname
the Rainey candidate, W. F. Ambrose, the
School Director, who was asserted to be
a tried public servant. There was much
hurrah from the boys, and thirteen of
them moved that nominations close.
There were two other nominations, but
they were doomed to be swamped by the
great Rainey majority. James Denman
came to the platform, and in a few words
named Charles H. McGrcevy, who he said
was a man well known and respected, who
lived south of Market street, where wo ex
pect to get the most Democratic votes.
Frank P. Hughes norn nated Frank
Lester in a speech that would have beaten
his candidate anyhow if there had been
many votes in the convention not already
fixed.
Mr. Hughes mentioned the rumor that
a boss had captured the convention, and
said:
"I could not contain myself from com
ing before you to present a man whose
nomination would give the lie to that
calumny. It is true that mistakes which
are painful to refer to were made in the
temporary organization of this conven
tion. That this stigma may be wiped out
[many hisses] I wish to name the Hon.
Frank Lester."
"Mr. Chairman," cried Charles Wesley
Reed, "I wish to second the nomination
of Mr. Ambrose. He's a winner."
Rollcalf- proceeded. The Twenty-eighth
District gave thirty-one votes to Ambrose
and one to Lester. When the Thirty
seventh District was reached nearly every
vote bad gone to the Raihey candidate,
and the victory of Ambrose was plainly to
be overwhelming.
The names of Lester and McGreevy
were withdrawn, but the exultant Rain
eyites, who were anxious to display their
strength on the only issue the convention
afforded, shouted for the rolJcall to pro
ceed. But finally the nomination of
Ambrose was made by acclamation and j
the boys cheered and cheered agnin.
The youthful contractor and School
Director came to the platform and said a
few words, amid the affectionate greetings
of "Billy."
Eugene N. Deuprey nominated Harry
T. Creswell for City and County Attorney,
and amid the disorder of incipient ad
journment his nomination was made
unanimous.
Mr. Deuprey read a brief resolution in
dorsing the National ticket and tried to
get the convention to do the decent thing
by adopting it with cheers. As he read
'William Jennings Bryan" a delegate
shouted "Three cheers for Billy Ambrose"
and the cheers came. There was not a
cheer for Bryan.
Deuprey asked the resolution be adopted
without reference to the committee on
resolutions, and Chairman Ragan, with
another love-tap with his gavel, said, "If
there is no objection it is so ordered/ and
the resolution was not voted upon at all.
Deuprey frantically tried to get the chair
man to put the resolution to a vote, but
the confusion swamped it.
Not a voice was raised for W. J. Bryan
and nobody seemed to care.
The chairman announced several fol
lowing legislative conventions for Satur
day night and the convention adjourned
until Monday evening.
Improvement* at Paio Koblen.
The management of Paso Rubles Hot Springs
announce the completion at the mad baths of
the new bathhouse, a structure that is un
doubtedly the finest institution of its kind in
America. The arrangement of baths, dresslng
ruoms, etc., on the same floor will add greatly
to the comfort and convenience oi guests.
Winter rates will prevail from now on, reduc
tlous being made to $10. $J2 50 and $15 per
week. •
Father Yorke's >ext Lecture.
The fourth lecture of the series of the gen
eral title of "Current Controversy," under the
auspices of the American Women's Liberal
League, will be delivered in Metropolitan
Temple on Monday evening, September 21.
The subject of this lecture will be "Minister
ing Angels." James H. Barry will be the
chairman of this meeting.
JTEW TO-DAT."
So you think that " delic-
ious " " dainty " " inspiring/
when said about tea, are hi-
falutin ? ' ";-.■;/■
You don't know tea.
Schilling . Best justifies
every word of it.
At ; grocers' in packages.
A Schilling & Company
. : San Frascisca ;j . . «84 .
RUN DOWN BY A
MISSION-STREET CAR
Deacon Jones' Escape From
Being Crushed to
Death.
A DUSKY LITTLE LAD.
The Hero of Many Battles Suc
cumbs to Vin ing's Trol
ley-Car.
HIS INTERESTING LIFE.
He Came Here as the Valet to
Clarence Greathouse, the Min
ister to Korea.
He is a little mite of a man, stocky in
build, a nose so flat that it takes up most of
his black face, which is illuminated by two
big eyes, the whites of which seem always
rolling. This is "Deacon" Jones, the
valet, coachman, wrestler and prize
fighter, who is very ill as the result of the
last encounter in which he engaged, on
the 16th of this month.
The "Deacon," who has fought more
men than he has fingers and toes, who
has never suffered defeat in the prize
ring or out of it, and whose boast that no
man who breathes of his eize — 4 feet 2
inches — could throw him in a wrestling
bout, struck a game, or rather was struck
by it, to which his sturdy little frame had
to succumb.
It was on Wednesday afternoon last,
when the '"Deacon" was making his way
home and crossing Mission street, at the
corner of Fourth. The little fellow was
deep in thought and unmindful of car
1165, westward bound, which was rapidly
bearing down upon him. The motorman
apparently did not see the little bit of hu
manity on the track, and, to the horror of
the passengers on the dummy, the col
lision occurred. There was a sickening
thud, and the "Deacon" went down.
The car was brought to a halt thirty
feet away and a rush was made to see
what had become of the little colored fel
low. Bruised, bleeding and generally dis
figured, with but a few strip* of clothing
left, he was found wedged partly under
the fender, which had rolled and pushed
him all that distance.
Passers by helped him to his feet and
the last the passengers saw of him was as
he was rolling his eyes in the direction of
the vanishing car.
But the "Deacon" is a very sick little
man and bis friends have to take gooa
care of him to pull him through.
The history of "Deacon" Jones ia some
what interesting.
When Clarence Greathouse, the promi
nent attorney and United S:ates Minister
to Korea, came to California from the
South he brought Jones with him. This
was about fifteen years ago and the lad
was only nine years of age. He -was
solemn of visage and filled with that sort
of religious superstition not unusual to
the people of his race living on planta
tions in the South. Greathouse dubbed
his valet "Deacon" and to this day the
little dusky fellow does not know himself
by any other name.
Greathouse was a lover of sports and
always took his boy with him wherever he
went. It was in the days when Harry
Maynard was in the zenith of his fame
and was coining money in his sporting
resort on Dupont street, bringing together
prize-fig liters, professionals and amateurs
of more or less note, for the amusement of
his patrons.
One night a big Swedish sailor on May
nard:s stage whipped a much smaller man
than himself, but his work was so clumsy
tnat the "Deacon," who had learned a
thing or two about the sport his master
loved so much, exclaimed:
"He's no good. I can do him myself!"
Greathoase admired the spunk of the
boy and decided to "try him ouu"
The match was arranged, and sure
enough "Deacon" chopped the big Swede
to pieces. The big fellow couldn't hardly
reach the black boy's hard head, it was so
far below him, and the little fellow
pitched in regardless of consequences,
beating an uncomfortable tattoo on the
other fellow's wind and winning a purse
of nearly as much as $3 50 — a big one in
those days for impromptu set-tos.
As soon as the "Deacon" learned be was
a pugilist, he forsook his master and was
SEW TO-p AT— AMUSEMENTS. ..__
MECHANICS' FAIR. .
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LAI'.IUS STREET,
Grandest* Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS* FINE ORCHESTRA.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18,
OAKLAND NIGHT.
RELIANCE GLEE CLUB.
Saturday, September 19— Berkeley aright; Fire-
men's Night. .
YOiaC FOR THE-FITE BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October 1.
PRIZES— 6 GOLD MEDALS.
• Admission 25c, Children 15c.
OPKX DAI AND VEXING.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenio Railway on Karcli {
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. JU.
Matinees To-day and To-morrow.
This Atternoon at 4:3J and Kvery Evening at 10.
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chutes at Milan, Italy)
Will COAST THK CHUTKM and Land In the
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
See the Performance in the CASINO.
MABEL maitlaNl), Contortion i ancer.
LOUIS MEYEKS, -King of Clubs."
.MUSICAL FLETCHER.
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage
And a host of Attractions.
. Sunday, Free Donkey at 5 P. M.
ADM I SSI IO CENTS.
Children, including M<?rry-Uo- Hound Hide, 5 cent*.
NOTABLE
BAY EXCURSION
. To Witness MR. CHAS. CAVILL
SWIM THE GOLDEN GATE!
_ \ Under the Auspices of the California
v . Swimming Club.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20,
On which occasion the splendid large Ferry
Steamer NKWAKK of the S. P.. Co. and the
SAI ~ALITO of the N. P. C. R. R. Co. will take
excursionists to the Golden Uate, and after the
swimming exhibition an
Excursion Arouud the Bay Will Be Made.
TICKETS 50c. UHILDRKX 3 sc.
Steamers will leave their respective slips, foot of
Market street, at 2:30 P. m. -
T. H. GOODMAN', . F. B. LATHAM,
G. Y. A.. S. P. Co. O. P. A., N. P. I . R. it. CO.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. it.
Concert Every Afternoon and - Evening.
. • General A a mission— Adults 10c, Children So.
. kfw to- pat:
I Blood Pure ? '1 1
!;? '1
!<[ Is it? Then take Ayer's Sar- )
]i) saparilla and keep it so. Isn't ][
<j> it? Then take Ayer's Sarsa- »
I') parilla and make it so. One <«[
fact is positively established ?
!') and that is that Ayer's Sarsa- <
<d parilla will purify the blood /
h more perfectly, more economi- <<!
ji) cally and more speedily than rf
?) any other remedy in the mar- $
1 1) ket. There are fifty years of <?
i'l cures behind this statement ; a »
];) record no other remedy can [
<[\ show. You waste time and ]>
1 1) money when you take anything < [
<[) to purify the blood except £>
| Ayer's Sarsaparilla. i
.
■
a regular hanger-on about Maynard's
sporting-house, meeting all comers and
making more money than he had ever
handled before. - -
When Clarence Greathouse was ap
pointed Minister to Korea, the boy re
fused to follow his fortunes, believing
there was a better future in it for him fol
lowing Maynard and pugilism than there
was in being the valet to a minister plen
ipotentiary to some foreign country.
During the past few years "Deacon"
Jones has followed the fortunes of Ned
Foster, former proprietor of the Bella
Union Theater, who is to-day paying the
doctor's bills of the unfortunate little vic
tim of Manager Vining's cars.
•—• — * — «
About 100,000 tons of fish are yearly sold
by the salesmen at Billingsgate market.
NEW TO-I>AY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL. HAYMAN & CQ.'S THEATERS.
BY AT THE _ * LAST
LM^lt^esi
T>/E.A.TnKrJEt^i TO-DAY
GRASD FAREWELL TONIGHT!
THE ENGLISH VERSION
Of Sardou's Great Napoleonic Play,
MADAME
SANS GENE!
WITH
KATHRYN KIDDER
IN THE TITLE ROLE.
Monday next— Theater Closes for Two Weeks.
Monday, I The Great Lyceum Buccess,
Oct. 4— I "THE PRISONER OF ZENDA."
I /i. atthe .. I Matinee To-day.
CALIFORNIA ™ aV^
-^— — — — — — SUNDAY.
I. AST PERFORMANCES!
A TRUE PICTURE OF LIFE IN
GREATER NEW YORK.
"ON
THE
BOWERY!"
; with STEVE BRODIE
SEE THE. FUNNY BOWERY
SCENES AND SPECIALTIES.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Evenings— 2sc to $1. Matinees— 2sc. 50c and 75c
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs.EbnbBtixb Kmiiso, Proprietor & Ma eager
Tli© Grand Opera. Season
LAST IVTIGHTS !
Humperdlnct's Fairy Opera, In Three Acts,
HANSEL AND ORETEL!
Illustrated by ■.'•;/;'.
A SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA OP THIRTY.
Excellent Cast, Beautiful Scenery, Etc
NEXT WEEK
RETURN OF THK FAVORITES!
Monday.... THE HUGUENOTS
Tuesday THK BOHEMIAN GIKL
Wednesday and the rest of the week AIDA
A magnificent production of Verdi's Spec-
tacular Grand Opera.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
rftICOLAfIQtR.OOTTU)D a <?• a.io rurvwtßi • • -
EVEN IWOMFNAND
I CHILDREN
Enjoy a Real Good, Hearty Laugh. Therefore
Kverybody Will Attend the ' "V
MATINEE TO-DAY OF
••A MATRIMONIAL MAZE!"
Delightfully Played by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY I
Next Monday— One More Great Play,
"IN SFITK OF ALL."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROCCO. Sola Lessee ani M&uait
WON IMMEDIATE SUCCESS!
•'THE DANGER SIGNAL"
By Henry C. de Millo. author of "The Wife," "The
Charity Ball," "Men and Women," e;c.
A Play of Enthralling Interest.
Wonderful Mechanical and Scenic Effects — A
Cannon • J nil Express Train — Giant
Rotary snow Plow.
FOURTH SUCCESSFUL WEEK OF
LOTTIE WILLIAMS — ED J. HERON
In New Songs and Specialties.
Evening Prices— loc, isc and 50c.
.
Bklasco, Uoase & Jordan 1 . Lessees & Managers,
ROSE MATINEE TO-DAY !
When every lady attending will be given a Hand-
some CUT HOBK. 10-nUht, Sunday Matinee and
Sunday Nlght-rLast Performances of the Charm-
ing Military Comedy—
iS OUR.S I"
With its unique Bain Effect*. Parade of Soldiery,
Mounted Officers and Full Military Band. Prices—
Night: lie 25c. Ssc, 60c. Matinees: 15c. 25c,
35c. Telephone Blact: 991 secure seats In advance.
Commencing Monday— "DIVORCK."
r'Farrell street litttwix>n stocicton an! Poors'j.
Week Commencing Monday, Sept. 14,
Matinee To-Day (Saturday). Sept. 19,
Parquet, any seat, 25c; .balcony, any seat, 10c.
Children, 10c, any part.
„ x, . ABDULLAH ! .
Most Darlnj? Hii;ii-\Vire Performer in the World.
LEW HAWKINS! MLLE. ALMA!
Bellman and Moore, Fiisoti ana Erroli, Vassar
I Quartet, Marguerite Ferguson.' Terry and Elmer,
i Ferguson and Mace an t others. -
POPULAR rates
TO CAMP TAYLOR
AMI If H"P For the ROUND TRIP;
INI V fNu Children under 12, 40c,
Ullla I lU. NKXT SUNDAY. Sep£
20. Two Special Trains leave Sausalito Ferry at
8 and 10 a. k. Every.ticket guarantees a «o:it.
Tickets at Ferry .Sunday, or at Locke's Office, 333
O'Farrell street, dally until 9 P. k. Jos. Bertraad
will serve an extra dinner at noju. . ' ■ ■ ■
78
NEWS OF SPORTS.
Interesting Items for Wheelmen,
Anglers, Marksmen, Boxers
and Others*
In wheeling circles the event of greatest
importance is the five-mile road race
which will be held to-morrow on the road
to San Jose between the Olympic and
Garden City Cycling clubs.
The boxers ars quiet, comparatively, as
the excitement attending politics has
thrown a damper on fisticuffs and other
sports. But there are two entertainments,
nevertheless, on the slate for next month.
The sportsmen are winding up the trap
shooting season and making ready for the
season when duck and quail can be law
fully killed. In the following columns
will be found the very latest sporting
news:
THE WHEELMEN.
Entries and Handicaps for the
Olympic-Garden City Roadrace.
It was a very clever idea that the Olym
pic Club Wheelmen and the Garden City
Cyclers hit upon when they decided to
hold a joint five-mile roadrace, as is evi
denced by the interest that is being taken
in such an event to be run to-morrow
morning over a new course, starting near
Milpitas and finishing at the junction of
the Ban Jose and Gish roads. The novelty
of the thing and the friendly rivalry be
tween the riders of the two big clubs led
to quite a large entry list, and if all come
to the scratch there will be forty-two
starters, who have oeen allotted handicaps
varying from nothing to three minutes, as
follows:
J. A. Vaugrhan, 3 mm.; P. Schwab, W. Mackie,
A. St G. Cooper, 2:20: D. Baker, L. Whiting,
K. Boyd, 2:10; 8. E. Johnson. H. Chase, H. G.
Edward*, E. A. Helmore, H. H. Cosgriff, 2:00;
R. R. Johnson, J. A. Code, M. L. Espinosa,
1:50; E. Williston, H. C. Ramsay, G. A. Han
sen, 1:45; Ed Ferguson. R. R. Brldgeman, O.
J. Ford. 1:35: L. H. Smith, Bruce Cottle, C. K.
Lemmon, 1:20; A. J. Clark, I. Rider, C. L.
Westlake, E. 1". Russ, 1:15; P. M. Curtis,
Jo«eph Delmas, D. Murphy, W. J. Christ, 1:00;
Al Hubbard, J. D. Lawrence, R. H. Hammond,
:45; J. C. Smith, R. R. Shearman, Gus Navlet,
George E. Kroetz, :25 ; J. E. Wing, C. M. Smith,
George W. Tantau, scratch.
The race is scheduled to start promptly
at 11 o'clock. The Olympic Club Wheel
men will have a run dowu from here, tak
ing the 6:30 a. m. boat, and the Garden
City Cyclers will ride out from San Jose. '
leaving at 9. The race has attracted the I
attention of the other clubs and a large
number of riders intend going down to
witness it. After the race there will be
a barbecue and the balance of the day will
be spent at Alum Rock.
The officials will be: Al Col, referee;
B.USS, Osen, Swam, Hunter and Desimone,
judges; Wetmore, Hadenfeldt, Alexander,
Spring, Nash, .Bailey and Montealegre,
timers; Spillane, Muller, Meherin, Butler,
Jury, Chase, Scott and Platt, scorers;
Stratton, Hahn and Lipsett, starters;
PJagemann and O'Brien, marshals.
Tantau and Wins of the Olympics ride
together from the scratch mark, and they
have a score to settle, as the former beat
Wing in the last five-mile race and Wing
doesn't intend it shall De repeated to
morrow.
There are few club runs scheduled for
to-morrow, a great many of the road
riders being in training for the Associated
Clubs' annual ten-mile race on October 11.
E. L. Armstrong, president, and E. W.
Simmcns, secretary, of the Calistoga Road
Club, have issued invitations for a water
melon run, to be held this evening.
H. H. White, R. M. Welch, G. H. Strat
ton, A. P. Swain, E. B. Jerome and J. F.
Hancock, a committee of the Associated
Clubs, are arranging for the annual thea
ter party of the association, to be held
early in October.
Los Angeles has another wheeling or
ganization, to be known as the South Side
Cycling Club. The charter-roll contains
thirty-two names, the officers being: H.
Cooper, president; W. Austin, vice-presi
dent; Robert Campbell, secretary-treas
urer; Ralph Hamlin. captain.
The Golden Gate Cycling Ciub will make
a century run to-morrow, led by Captain
W. J. Black, ieaving the clubrooms at 6
a. M. A smoker will be one of the forms
of entertainlnc the members in October.
Ward yon Tilkw. Dr. Henry R. Bell, H.
R. Mann, J. B. Raddington and Mrs. J. B.
Raddington of this City recently 'joined
the League of American Wheelmen. The
league now has 65,149 members, of which
number 2034 are from California, 1624 from
the north division and 410 from ihe south
division. There are 739 league clubs in
the United States, that is, clubs of whose
membership 75 per cent or over belong to
the L. A. W.
The applications for membership of the
East Oakland Wheelmen of Oakland and
the Capital City Wheelmen of Sacramento
will be presented to the Associated Clubs
for consideration at their next meeting,
Saturday evening, October 4, at the rooms
of iho Bay City Wheelmen.
Walter F. Foster, the well-known Olym
pic racer, has returned from an extended
trip through Southern California.
The Alpha (jadies') Cycling Club will
give a dance at its clubrooms Friday even
mc, October 2, the invitations for which
will be limited and very much in demand.
H. A. Goddard and E. S. Battles of the
Bay City Wheelmen are training hard for
Charles A. Craft, a Crack Amateur
of the Bay Gty Wheelmen.
their match race Sunday, the 27th, over
the San Leandro-Haywards course.
The members of the San Francisco Road
Club have no regular run called for to
morrow, Out a good many will ride to San
Jose to see the finish of the Olympic-Gar
den City road race.
The latest bulletin of Chairman Welch
of the racing board is as follows:
Bulletin No. 25. September 18. 1896.
Sanctions granted — September 24, Nevada
State Fair, Reno, Nev. ; September 28 to Octo
ber 3. La Grande Cycling Club, La Grande, Or.
Transferred to professional class— E. S. Bar
bee, Great Falls, Mont.; E. W. Davies, Everett,
Wash.; E. P. Galney, Seattle. Wash. ; W. H.
Palmer and R. T. Walsh, San Diego, Cal. ; W.
H. Norman and J. D. Loudermilk, Los Angeles,
Cal., clause b.; J. Henry Lillie, Lodi, Cal., own
request.
Suspended— For competing in Sunday races
at Santa Monica, Cal., W. H. Norman and J. D.
Louaermilk, Los Angeles, Cal., permanently.
R. If. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
There will be about a dozen teams en
tered in the Bay City Wheelmen's tan
dem race on the 27th. In the race each
team will start three minutes apart and
ride unpaceu, with a sealed handicap.
The event should be very interesting,
Chief Consul Kerrigan has arranged a
special night for members of the Leasue
of American Wheelmen at the Mechanics'
Fair on Friday evening, September 25.
Entries for the race meet to be held at
Eureka on the 23d inst. close witti Official
Handicapper Smyth this evening. A
number of the local professional riders
will compete.
There will be an important meeting of
the Wheelmen's Municipal League this
evening at 441 Golden Gate avenue at 8
o'clock. The question and prospects of
the baggage bill will be the principal sub
ject for debate; also the proposition to
nold a monster wheelmen's parade in be
half of the same, which latter suggestion
should and will probably receive a very
cold reception from the delegates after
their experience in the cycle parade of
July 25. Spaldinq.
THE GUN.
Slaughtering Ducks Near Chloo.
Trap-Shootlngr Tournament.
To-morrow the Reliance Gun Club of
Oakland will hold a final club shoot and
free-to-all shoot at the grounds near Web
ster street, and the Lincoln Club will have
an outing at Greenbrae, during which
several contests in Jive-bird shooting will
be decided. The Golden Gate Gun Club
will give its first tourney at its customary
place of meeting.
October 2 and 3 the State Sportsmen's
Association will meet at San Bruno, where
live-bird shooting will be tli* order of the
days' sport, and on October 4 and 5 the
great artificial tournament of the Inani
mate Target Association wili be held at
San Jose. This will come pretty near
winding up the trap-shooting for the sea
son, as on October 15 sportsmen can tramp
the hills in quest of quail, or take a se
creted position on the margin of some
Bond on the marshes and blaze away to
their heart's content at wild ducKs of
divers breeds and colors.
A. M. Barker, president of the Garden
City Cyclers' Gun Club, has issued the
following circular to sportsmen:
Tne members of the Garden City Cyclers'
Gun Club, under whose auspices our next
tournament will be held, hereby send greet
ing* and call your attention to the following
facts:
The prize committee has secured $400 in
cash, which, added to the amount of coin
given by the association, will make at least
$1200, to be distributed at our coming shoot,
which Is far in advance of any previous
amount given in cash prizes. This taken with
our mffny valuable trophies and merchandise
prizes will make a grand total.
There will doubtless be a system of dividing
prizes adopted, insuring a wider distribution
than heretofore, not permitting so much to co
to one shooter. This matter will be thorough
ly discussed at a meeting of the tournament
committee with a view to the welfare of the
greatest number.
The grounds will be located a few blocks
west of Hotel Vendome. Cars pass the hotel
and land you at the traps in five minutes.
We will be glad to secure accommodations
for any and all clubs who so desire.
Five sets of electric pull traps will bs used.
Men will do the trapping, and competent
judges and referees will be secured.
Bring large delegations from every club and
make this tournament a world-beater.
There will be an ample supply of ammuni
tion of every kind on the grounds for sale
cheap.
The programme will be Issued as soon as
possible. A. M. Barker,
President Garden City Cyclers' Gun Club.
According to The Call's Sacramento
correspondent, whose weekly article ap
pears on this pace, the residents of Chico
and that vicinity have been shooting
wild ducks for some days past. As there
is no one to interfere with the hunters it
is. presumed that they will continue to
bag the wild game which the law protects
until October 15. The officers of Teham a
and Colusa counties should read up the
law in this particular and teach the
transgressors of it a lesson in duck
shooting that will prove so instructive as
to remain indelibly stamped on their
memories.
The Supervisors of any county cannot
legally open the season for shooting game
of any description prior to the time the
State law takes effect. The Supervisors
can shorten the season in their respective
counties after October 15, when it will be
lawful to shoot small game, such as ducks,
quail, etc. Professional hunters should
remember that the season when wild
duck may be sold is yet far off; but tiien,
there are many birds being smuggled into
this City under the very noses of the Game
Warden and Deputy Fish and Game Com
missioners.
The following letter to The Call from
Oregon speaks for itself:
Elk Hotel, Elk City, Or. , Sept. 10.
A party comprising Mr. and Mrs. George B.
Roop of Gilroy Hot Springs, Misses Kitty and
Genevleve Nulau, Fred W. Tallant, J. Homer
Fritch, George Kingston, William H. Cun
ningham and William F. Shattuck of San
Francisco are passing several days here on
their way to Albany on an elk-hunt expedi
tion. They have landed as many as 250 troui
a day. Mr. Tallant, being over-zealous to
prove nig piscatorial abilities, lost his balance
and was soon carried away by the impetus of
the river. Had it not been for the heroic
efforts of the ladies the Country Club wouli
now be mourning one of its most popular
members. The party continue their trip to
morrow.
Frank Lecosta and William Brown,
members of the Tamalpais Gun Ciub of
San Francisco, killed two bucks last
Wednesday a week aeo. The hunting
territory of this club is from the summit
of Tamalpais to the ocean and includes
about 17.000 acres. There has been god&t
hunting there this year, and seventeen
deer in all have fallen to the rifle. There
are two trout streams and quail in abun
dance. This club comprises a member
ship of about twenty-six.
THE ANGLER,
Winding Up the Season on Eel
River— The Black Bass.
There are six weeks more open to
anglers who fancy trout-fishing, and quite
frequently the last month of the year
proves to be the best.
F. H. ileed. with Messrs. Bogard and
Eramona of the Fly-casting Club, took a
flying trip to Boca last Saturday. On
Sunday they went down the river as far
as Floriston and Mr. Reed caught two
3J^-pound trout on minnows. La Fonee
caught a five-pounder on a minnow,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
which he states was the gazneat fish he
ever landed. Bogard and Emmons had
only fair luck, as the trout are still feed
ing on the bottom.
Thomas Flyun of the Wasp returned
from Boca recently. He contends that
Boca is an angler's paradise and that John
McDonald is a prince of good fellows.
Fiynn caught the river when the Tahoe
gates were closed and he had royal sport.
Green, Morehouse and Jones have just
arrived from Duncans Mills. They report
that the black bass have quit feeding and
that very little sport will be had during
the balance of the season, which will not
end until January. Frank Hofling shipped
eight fine bass last week from Duncans
Mills to a friend. Frank did not say how
he got them, but it is rumored that there
are seme young boys living at Duncans
Mills who are expert bass catchers.
John Butler received a splendid mess of
rainbow trout yesterday from Stony
Brook, in Colusa County. They were
shipped at the suggestion of Fred Drink
house, who was on a. visit to that part of
the country.
If a heavy rainstorm should arrive be
fore the end of the month the anglers who
have planned a big hsbing excursion to the
Eel River will geA sadly disappointed.
Don't wait for to<fmuch rain, gentlemen.
The resignation of Fish Commissioner
Murdoca was a surprise to his many
friends, who expected him to remain on
deck.
The black bass that are being caught in
the Spring Valley Water Company's lakes
taste strongly of decayed vegetation, and
in fact are unfit to eat. If the tons of dead
weeds were removed the water and nshes
would improve in flavor.
THE BOXERS.
Club Fights That Will Take Place
Next Month— The Big Guns.
The Occidental Athletic Club is san
guine of having a full house on the even*
ing ot October 8, when Tom Tracey, the
clever Australian, will try conclusions
with George Green, the Olympic Club
favorite. Green is now in the pink of con
dition and proposes to lake only very
light exercise until the first of next
month, when he will put on the finishing
touches. Tracey will find Green a more
clever man than Billy Gallagher, but not
such a' wicked fighter as the lad who re
fused to meet the Olympian recently
under the auspices of the National Club.
Aenew and Kelly, who will "put up"
the star event of the evening during the
Armory Club's entertainment, should give
the members a good show. They are both
stiff punchers and although Agnew is
iiked by the talent on account of the ex
cellent showing he made against Billy
Akers there are many of the sports who
fancy the "spider," who is just about as
artful as the webmaker.
The pugilists must weigh in at 135
pounds at noon on the day of the fight.
The winner will receive $600 and the loser
$200. Jimmy Anthony will have some
trouble disposing of tricky Danny
Mahoney, who has been substituted for
Fay, whose heart failed him when he was
called upon to sign articles. Tom Oooney
will, it is thought, be easy game for the
chunky Australian, who has contracted to
stop both fighters.
Anthony will go on with Mahoney first
in a six-round bout and then he will have
a try at Cooney after the eight-round mill
between Billy Shannon and Billy Lewis,
which is not looked upon as being much
of a drawing card. Those two last-named
Knights of the mittens will receive $400 — a
most liberal offer, by the way, consid
ering.
If Anthony succeeds in stopping his
men he will receive $250 for each contest,
and should be fail he will be presented
with the "munificent" sum of $50. But
Jimmy is sanguine of success, and unless
Mahoney gives him too hard a run in the
Belling race for bantams the Australian
should certainly dispose of Cooney in short
order.
The National Club has not yet succeeded
in capturing the Sharkey and Corbett
match, but Sharkey and Corbett came
near capturing the National Club, which
institution had promised them a $20,000
purse. But the champion got too many
irons in the fire and as a revult he is now
groomed in a hot box between the Aus
tralian and fie sailor. The National Club
recently offered Corbett and Sharkey
$10,000 for a ten-round contest in this
City, but James is still trying to figure
out why the National Club cannot bid
higher. He certainly is foolish to let an
offer as good as this pass through his
fingers, as it may "be bis last chance to
pocket a cool $10,000, which sum be can
make in thirty seconds or less by besting
the man of small eyes ana big muscles,
who has been recently dubbed in the East
"Picture Gallery Tom" owing td*his strong
predilection for photographs of himself.
As to the meeting between Corbett and
Fitzsimmons it can he fittingly styled a
paper chase, as the result will be a run
across country with one trying not to
catch up with the other. •
CRICKET CHIRPS.
The Approaching: End ot the Harrl-
son Cup Fight.
But nine more interclub cricket matches
for the Hunter Harrisen cup remain to ba
played. The first of these will come off
to-morrow at Alameda, the Alameda and
Bohemian clubs being the contestants
The game is likely lo be a very interesting
one, for should the Alameda men come off
victorious it might affect the ultimate
order of the competing clubs. At present
the Bohemians are in the lead, closely fol
lowed by the Pacifies, the Alarnedas and
Californias being fixed in the van.
By the departure yesterday of H. H.
Richardson for Santa Monica the Pacifies
suffer an irreparable loss, for he is un
questionably the best bat in the associa
tion. His 208 made against the Califor
nias some weeks ago was the highest score
ever made on the coast, beating the pre
vious record held by Captain W. Robert
son by just two runs. Only last Sunday
he made 104 (and retired) in the Pacific-
California match at Golden Gate, and sev
eral other big scores are to be found
against his name.
The English season is being wound up
by the customary cricket "festivals." By
latest mailed reports Scarborough was in
terested over a figrht between M. C. C. and
Ground and Yorkshire. At Hastings the
Australians met the South of England vet
erans and in the first inning scored 222.
their opponents making 154 for eiiht wick
ets. In the latter score Champion "W. G.
Grace contributed 53 in his old-time man
ner.
The Australians left Southampton for
New York on the Bth inst. Their fixtures
onthi.side are as follows: Sept. 18, vs.
Philadelphia; Sept. 23, vs. New Jersey
Athletic Cinb; Sept. 25, vs. Philadelphia;
Oct. 2, vs. Philadelphia; Oct. 7, vs. Chi
cago.
W. B. Webster,, late of the Bohemians,
wiU keep wickets in the New Jersey match.
The Australians will spend two clear
days in this City prior to their departure
for Auckland on the Mariposa. Why
should not some kind of a game be ar
ranged by "the powers that be" of the
association ?
Last Saturday the All Oregon team
played Portland at Multnoraah field, Poit
land. After the former had made 101 for
two wickets, Captain Lawrence, who had
54 not out. called the innings. He risked
too much, apparently, for the Portland
men went in and made 103 for the loss of
a single wicket, thus winning with flying
colors.
The Yorkshire team are to present a
valuable i« stimonial to Lord Hawke, who
has captained them through eleven sea
sons of championship honors.
Space prohibits the publication this
week of an interesting letter on local
cricket just received. Umpire.
FOOTBALL.
Olympic and Reliance Expect to
Win the Early Games.
The two big athletic clubs have entered
upon the football training season with
more than usual zeal and more than ordi
nary material from which to form formid
able elevens. The university teams may
CROSS, the Stanford Coach: "We must win that game."
well beware, as both Reliance and
Olympic have started early and with a
larger percentage than ever before of
players fresh from the college gridiron.
These college veterans will not permit the
suggestion that they have so soon become
back numbers, and" they are out deter
mined to win the early names, when they
know that they will have a certain ad
vantage of training over the collegians.
There i« a pretty side contest on between
the athletic clubs to retain all the most
desirable men. Reliance and Olympic
both swear they have Sexton, tackle for
Olympic last season. Nanl and Middle
mas went over to the enemy across the
bay, but Manager Sheehan still has hope,s
of winning back Nahl, whose father was
one of the founders of the Olympic Club.
Both Captain Walton and Manager
Sheehan are now out hunting tor Comic
Jones, the old Stanford hero and phenom
enal kicker, whose college football days
were ended by a series of broken bones.
Jones is living in this City.
"The Olympics," said Manager Jack
Sheehan yesterday, "are practicing regu
larly every evening now at Central Park
from 5:30 on, with Stickney of Harvard
coaching. The work is light, but the men
are doing a good deal of running. Stick
ney is paying particular attention to
Weldon and Theerkauf, both of whom are
punting well. The men take their meals
at a cafe near by and each one pays for his
own, as the club is not maintaining a
regular training-table.
"The daily practice beginning next week
will alternate between the Peerless Club
team and our own second eleven. I hope
also to arrange some games for Saturdays
and Sundays with outside clubs in addition I
to the big matches already scheduled with j
Stanford, - Berkeley and Reliance. The |
universities have agreed this year not ■ to j
send their second elevens against either of |
the big athletic club teams, so every game '
will be a match of the best of each, and |
not in any sense a practice contest. I '
think both Reliance and Olympic, with
their unusually fine prospects, - can beat
the university teams in the first matches, I
and that is why «f c are doing all this early
training."
. Captain Harry Walton of the Reliance
yesterday said: "Every night this week
we've had twenty men out 'for practice
on the Piedmont grounds, and that's a
good sign so early in the season. After our j
exercise we go to the Piedmont baths, and i
later to a restaurant on Broadway. On
Tuesday and Thursday we practice with
St. Mary's College, ■ and on three other
evenings of the* l week play against our
second eleven. Reliance will have a fairly
heavy line, but light men back di the line,
so we will naturally play an open running
game, -relying a good deal upon fast
backs." ' v v-i
. Following is the material from which
two mighty teams are to be formed:
Olympics. Position. Reliance.
Kin«ton, 207 — Center Burnett, 200
Vvi'n''li n obb" ''i5 2 . 06 "I*"** of.... Ben Oliver, 205
J-Ted Buiz. 194 . - j Guards. 1 Wells, 210
Sheeny, 204 1 f
Mclsaacs, J72 I .......McHngh. 180
Downing, 192...... [Fortwo| .... Middleman, 170
Harris, 175......... I J Nelson, 180
Irakine, 190 Tackles .... ....Doesch. 175
Taylor, 201. ..: .........Sexton. 185
Sexton, 185 I
Peddler, 170 4 f . ,_„
Theerkauf,l6s Fortwo 1 £? J i On ' U%
Abe Lewis. 160.... J Knds - :::::.v.^e a rr^;i 7o7 o
S. Stow, 170 . I I Sherrott, 170
codri63.. 16 . 0 ::::::}^««{ wus
Harrelson, 146 ] Fortwd (jSap^iValS^lfo
Dorn ISO For two ..Capt. Walton, 170
Harvey- Halves Wyclcoff, 160
inwards, 175: ■.;■.;■; f »«»* i ;- Frlc "' l22 i
Sam Luni, 165 baCIC V 1^ 11 "' \&
Weldon - 166 -: j bac * [:;:/.:£ i&lfS
Of the Olympic men Fred Butz is the |
pugilist and all-round athlete; Downing j
is the Stanford veteran and ex-captain of I
both Stanford and Tacoma; Abe Lewis is i
an old Stanford end and speedy shortstop;
Code is the veteran Stanford quarter and
lightweight wrestler; v Harrelson is an
other Stanford quarter and a former Reli
ance player; Dorn is the Berkeley weight
thrower; . Harvey is another Berkeley
man: Edwards is a well-known old Berke
ley player, and Lunt and Weldon are
former Stanford players. • Many of the
other men are familiar as Olympic
players, while Hobbs. Sheehy and Stow
are comparatively undeveloped but prom
ising material. . '
Of the Reliance candidates, Wells is a
new-found giant; Middlemas is the
Olympic guard of last season; Nelson is
captain of the Oakland High School team;
Doesch is from the Portland Athletic
Club; Nahl is the Olympic quarter of
last season; and Carter is from Stanford.
The Arlett brothers are new men, - the
heavier one giving promise' of becoming
an excellent ground-gainer and line
burker. The other, men are too well
known as football-players to need com
ment. .
St. Mary's College 1 will play , its first
game of the reason next Saturday, when
it will meet the Santa Rosa High School
team in this City, probably at the Central
Park grounds. After this game the man
ager of St. Mary's hopes to secure matches
with the Sacramento High School and
Santa Clara College. All these games will
be played on Saturdays. The St. Mary's
College players are beine coached . by
Wyckoff, the Reliance fullback, assisted
by Frlck, ex-captain of the Reliance. Six
teen men turn out regularly for practice,
but the team will not be named until the i
day before the coming game.- ' .
Stanford men are enthusiastic over the
coming of Cross as coach. It was he who
lowered Robert Edgren's color%when the
University of California team made its
Eastern tour last year. *
His record with - the i 16-pound hammer
is 135 feet, and with the 16-pound sheft
37 feet 9 inches. As large as -he is, Cross
can sprint 100 yards in 11 seconds.
-. In appearance women would call Cross
handsome, but what the football men will
thin* moreover, he is big and congenial,
enthusiastic, and yet with an air of : deter- 4
mination that makes ■an assertion from
him seem no idle boast.
When he was asked the J time Butter
worth, the Berkeley coach, will come out,
he replied: V i *.7
"Well, you tee, Frank ana I are in the
same fix. Our girls are in the East. I
guess Frank will delay his departure as
long ns possible, though I believe he is to
be here about October 5."
THE KENNEL.
Doss That Will Be Seen at the
Stockton Bench Show.
The following are the entries for the
Stockton bench show:
Stockton entries— A. H. Pepper, two pointers ;
D. Winders, two English setters; F. J. Walker,
fox terrier; Henry Gross, mastiff; j. O'Neil
spitz; T. J. Elliott, English setter; R. L.
Queensbury, pointer; C. W. Owens, Gordon
setter; Miss Hannah Gray, Japanese spaniel;
J. Jerome Smith, poodle; Mrs. J. Jerome
Smith, Yorkshire terrier; Vincent Heffernan
fox terrier; R. E Guill, Irish setter; George C.
Clark, cocker spaniel; H. E. Southworth, fox
terrier; C. W. Cadle, field spaniel; F. F. Cadle,
field spaniel; Harry Masters, Irish setters;
Mrs. Harry Masters, Irish setters; F. P. Clark,
smooth-coated St. Bernard; Mrs. F. P. Clark,
field spaniel ; M. J. Church, field spaniel; 11. E.
Plummer, great Dane; Grady & Josephs, cocKer
spaniel; C. W. Jewett, bull terrier; Mrs. Dave
Winders, English setter; Dr. A. C. Davenport,
kennel of cocker spaniels; F. C. Griffin, field
spaniels; F. Garrow. bull terrier; F. C. Palmer,
Newfoundland; Walter Huskins, cocker
spaniel; Mrs. S. B. Huskins, pug; Dave E. Pet
terson, Chow Chow; Mrs. James Tnompson,
black and tan ; Cury Nlcewonger, Lull terrier;
Mrs. Ada Wheatou, cocker spaniel; Vincent
Merino, bull terrier; B.Finkbohner.lrish setter;
Ansel ¥. Knowles, Iri>h setter; W. O. Harlan,
cocker spaniel; W. H. Young, cocker spaniel;
L. Levinsky, field spaniel; Mrs. D. M. Pea«e
cocker spanieV; Bob Cadle, Irish setter;
Charlei A. Black, Irish setter; C. H. Nice
wonger, dachshund; Mrs. Pellegrini, New
foundland; R. P. Lane, field spaniel; R. G. W.
Eyfe, retriever; Miss Nellie Blossom, Irish set
ter; Andrew McLnne, pointer; A. F. W. Weber,
cocker spaniel; E. F. Cadle, field spaniel; Mrs.
F. J. Walker, fox terrier; H. F. Naner, mastiff;
John E. Doak, cocker spaniel.
San Francisco entries— Dr. W. R. Clunis, St.
Bernard; Hueh McCrncken. St. Bernards and
pointers; S. F. Huse, English setters; Miss
Ethel G. Creagh, Irish setter; Humboldt ken
nels, Newfoundland and St. Bernard ; T. H.
Brown, kennel of St. Bernards; G. G. Frasier,
kennel of fox terriers; J.B.Martin, fox ter
riers; Dr. Fred d'Evelyn, fox terriers; Mission
fox terrier kennels, fox terriers: F. H. Bush
nell, St. Bernards; William Larsen, English
setters; H. G. Payne, English setters; C. S,
Heller, bull terriers; C. L. Folger, bull terriers;
M. T. Vanderslice, bull terriers; R. W. Bow
deck, English setter; Howard Black, Irish set
ters; Mrs. E. B. Grace, Yorkshire terriers; Mrs.
Judse iJrittou, English pugs; Elcho kennels,
Irish setters; A. B. Truman, pointer; Mrs. J. P.
Norman, kennel of mastiffs.
Oakland entries— W. L. Prather Jr., fox
hound ; F. E. Miller, cocker spaniels; Dr. A. X.
Taylor, St. Bernard; Mrs. T. J. Fish, field
spaniel.
Miscellaneous entries— J. T. Cunningham,
Los Angeles, great Dane; Charles Sumner, Loa
Angeles, fox terrier; Charley Gurd, Chino,
pointer; H. W. Touner, Ontario, pointer; Maz
zinl Bros., Los Angeles. St. Bernards, rough
and smooth coated; G. L. Rowland. Los Ange
les, Gordon .setter; C. F. L. Kinnear, Lake
view, Cal., field spaniel; A. C. Culver, Mott
Shasta County, bloodhounds; Maple City ken
nels, Hornelsvllle, N. V,, black-and-tan ter
riers ; Glenmore kenuels, West Berkeley, Irish
setters; Pitch ley fox terrier kennels, Alameda,
fox terriers; Sunset kennels, Los Angeles, fox
terrier*.
COURSING.
Match at Ocean View Between Move
On and St. Cloud.
Interest in the meeting at Ocean View
to-morrow has been largely increased by
the match race between Move On, a
snappy little Skyball-Vallcy Queen pup,
and St. Cloud, J. Lennon's fast pup out ot
Watte lblooTi by Lord Clifton.
The match is for $25 a side, beat two out
of three, and as both of the youngsters
have been in hard training since the con*
test was arranged a splendid run is ex
pected.
Tim Cronin'* black and white bitch
Rosa B has been missing since September
9 and her owner believes that she has
been stolen. Rosa B was one of the
veteran coursing man's favorite dogs and
he is very anxious to recover possession
of her.
The drawing for to-morrow's coursing
at Ingleside took place on Thursday even
ing at Delta Hall and resulted in thirty
six dogs being matched as follows:
H. Spring's Premier vs. J. Laskey's Gallop
ing; Robinson & Peyton's Red Rover vs. M.
O'Connor's Lady Clifton; E. Dunn's Snowbird
vs. Richmond kennel's Uncle Sam; Robiflson
& Peyton's Carmen vs. P. Ryan's Gripman • P.
Ryan's Mohy Bawn vs. A.Barrett's Ormonde*
R. Pnngle's Nancy vs. T. Brennan's Rapid; T*
Brentißn's Ledy Ingleside vs. J. Laskey's True
Blue; T. Brennan's Royal Nibs vs. T. Sullivan'g
Little Tom; R. Kilmone's eutry vs. W Kay's
Eclipse; E. Geary's Bonnie Lass vs. G. H. Bur
feind's Sister Mabel; ▼alley kennel's Hazel vs
E. Wilson's Suniiyside Maid; A. Adams' Gyp
vs. J. Hannah's Foxhall; D. Leonards Will o'
the Wisp vs. W. Greely's Dan; J. Hannon's
Marsruerite vs. A. Adams' Hattie E; P. Ryan's
E V D vs. River <& Nolan's Brignt Eyes- T
Brennan's Gold King vs. Alarneda kennel's
Daisy; Postal & Hagerty's- Laurelwood vs. A.
Adams' Adams.
Twenty-eight excellent dogs were drawn
at Delta Hall last evening for the running
at Ocean View Park to-morrow. If the
hares are in running condition a splendid
day's sport should result:
P. Gorman's Kingston vs. J^Cox'a Menlo Boy,
8. Folkes' Fond Hope vs. B.T>. Roche's Black
Swan, J. Lennon's St. Cloud vs. J. Tracy's Lon
don, Dillon <fc Riley's Lady Fitzgerald vs. J.
O'Shea's Tuliermore. P. Reiily's Harkawav vs.
Dillon i Riley's Fairy, J.Wren's Vida Shaw
vs. T. Tram's Little Beauty, A. Merrill's Hand
spring vs. J. O'Shea's Fearless. J. Segerson's
White Chief vs D. B. Roche's Pacific Queen,
S. Folkes 1 Nellie 8 vs. P. Ryan's Magpie, M.
Rogers' Sly Boy vs. P. Gorman's Domino, J.
W ren's Olden W vs. Dillon and Riley's Queen
B, T. Flynn's Captain Jim vs. P. Ryan's Royal
Stag, P. Riley's Wee Nell vs. J. Quane's Llssak,
J. Lennon's Tempest vs. J. Keenan's Gaslight.
Tennis Notes.
Wrenn, Tamed and i«eel, the tennis
champions, 1 wili very probably be here by
the middle of next week, and the post
poned tournament between them and the
local cracks, the Whiting and Hardy
brothers, will very probably take place on
Friday, Saturday and Sunday, the 25th,
26th and 27th. In a telegram received
from Can Neel he ttates that owing to
the big tournament in Chicago last Tues
day they will not be able to start before
to-day; he also says he thinks Tamed
will surely come.
It was owing to this latter player's ill
ness that the previous dates for their ar
rival were canceled, and at one time it
looked as though the clubs would miss
securing this most brilliant performer,
but now everything seems clear for the
original two playing here within the next
two weeks.
Handball.
The following handball games will be
played in Phil Ryan's court, 858 Howard
street, to-morrow:
P. Kelly and P. Hutchinson vs. G. Hutchin
son and J. McEvely; R. Shea and R. Shields vs.
T. Sullivan and T. O'Donnell ; D. Rodgers and
P. Ryan vs. M. McXeil and G. McDonald; M.
Edwards and J. Collins vs. R. Murphy and W.
Stansbury; J. Riordan 'coast champion) and
M. J. KUgallon vs. J. C. Nealon and T. F.
Bonnet.
At the Union court Lew Mayhew and J.
Roger will play J. Lavigne and C. Challoe;
R. Murphy and Jap Lyons will play T. E.
Willey and M. Tierney ; J. Flynn and R. Dris
coll will play M. Tierney and J. Burnell; C.
Carson and W. Prince will play G. McGuire
and J. Collins. The event of the day will be a
match game between the heavy-weights, J.
Harlow and William McManus, vs. M. J. Kil
gallon and Terry McManus.
Sacramento Sporting: News.
The failure of R. A. Terrell to make any Kind
of a showing against the trotting-horse Plunk
ett at the State Fair track on Wednesday on his
bicycle has been a source of grear disappoint
ment to the local lovers of the wheel, all of
whom were greatly interested in the result of
the race. They, however, attribute Terrell's
defeat to the fact that while the track was con
sidered fast for horses it was altogether too
soft for a bicycle, as in many spots Terrell sank
over his rims, and claimed that the going was
like wheeling through heavy sand, particu
larly was this the case on reaching the three
quarter pole. Up to this point Terrell had en
countered no difficulty in keeping up with the
horse. \
The cinder paths of the Capital City Wheel
men are in excel lentcondition and are greatly
patronized. On the Folsom path the other
day a green wheelman made twenty-two miles
in one hour and forty minutes, and then re
turned over the same distance in one hour
and forty-three minutes.
The iocal gunstores are more than busy at
the present time, as sportsmen are making
preparations for the coming fall snort, whicn
in this county promises to be better than It
has been known in many years. From' the
lakes and marshes south of the city reports
have been received to the etfect that ducks
and snipe are plentiful, and the same may be
said of the Washington Lake district.
J. C. Myers and brothers of Dixon are In
town making preparations for a'huntlng ex
cursion into Southern Oregon.it being their
intention to spend at leiist two months on
Klamath Lake in small-game hunting. Pine
ton of Winters is also here, preparing for an
outing trip. He intends going up on the Hum
boldt for a month's deer hunt
Parties from Chico state that the duck
hunting season in their district is now on, and
that all who have been out have had excellent
luck, birds being plentiful and fat. Local
sportsmen have been too taken up with the
racing events at the park during the past two
weeks to find time for hunting, especially as
the doves are flocked, preparatory to migrat
ing.
The coming boxing-match between L. A.
Payne of this city and Stewart Carter of the
Olympic Club, before the Rio Vista Club, is
engaging all the attention of the athletes and
they are making preparations to attend in a
body, having engaged a special steamer to
convey them down the river. Payne is by no
means fit for the contest, as he has been work
| ing too hard in the bicycle line and haa not
had time to get in fighting trim, in conse
quence his* friends are not in t i best feather
over the outcome, as they fully realize that
Carter is a good man, who has made their
favorite look to his laurels on two former oc
casions.
Fishing and tennis are at a standstill at
present, but will be booming as soon as the
fair comes to an end. Rutherford.
Vlsalla Sporting News.
Editor Call— Since my last letter the newly
organized Eshom Valley Gun and Fish Club
has received and planted 50,000 young trout.
Most of the fish were planted in the north fork
of the Kaweah P.iver, just below Eshom Valley,
and the balance in Redwood Creek, In Red
wood Canyon.
Last Friday when Messrs. Ellis and Pattee
were informed by J. Sub Johnson, the popular
secretary of the Visalia Sportsman Club, that
the fish would arrive in the evening, both of
them were like a fish out of water, but in a few
minutes calmed down, and it was decided that
Mr. Pattee should start out for Eshom Valley
ana have pack horses in raadiness to transfer
the cans on the arrival of Mr. Ellis with the
consignment in the wagon.
Since the organization of the club, Eshom
Valley is now seriously thinking of branching
out as a summer resort. It was my good for
tune to meet that grand old G. A. R. veteran,
bear-hunter, etc., Tom East, and in a chat he
informed me that up to date six applications
had been received by the club for cottages
next summer.
Last Tuesday the local Examiners were de
feated by the Alerts oi Alameda by a score of
11 to 2. Our boys have filed a protest on the
ground of unfair decisions by Umpire Lowrie.
He is also accused of using signals to the
Alerts' batsmen.
The regular nine play at Llndsey next Sun
day. A rattling game is expected. Carroll.
AN UNEXPECTED VISIT,
Members of the Board of Health
Inspecting Water
Supplies.
Park and Castro Heights Reservoirs
Are Sampled for Rigid
Analysis.
Suddenly and without any unnecessary
flourish of trumpets the water committee
of the Board cf Health, consisting of Drs.
Hart and Williamson, Professor Wenzell,
the chemist, and Dr. Spencer, the bacteri
ologist, made a descent on the park and
Sutro Heights water supplies yesterday
afternoon and procured a anantity of
samples that will be analyzed chemically
and microscopically for impurities that
may be detrimental to health.
The board decided on this inspection
some time ago, but in order to throw the
owners of the supplies off their guard
and keep them from concealing the true
state of affairs by a temporary cleanup for
the occasion, the visit was put off until a
favorable opportunity presented itself, the
party being called together at a moment's
notice yesterday-
The park supply, from appearances, was
not above suspicion, but the members ex
pressed no ideas on the subject, seemingly
preferring to wait until the analysis de
termines the quality.
At Eighteenth and Collingwood streets a
reservoir was found where the water was
clearly stagnant, and old boots and cans
were plentiful.
Other places where water was stored
NEW TO-DAT.
Consumption
1 ™ BI^ < ' and lung troubles
New York, May 16, i89o!
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured. '
. So proof-positive am lof its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
. Always sincerely yours,
T. A. Slocum, M.C., 1 83 Pearl St., New York.
WepnblUhthe Doctor's letter in full for the benefit erf
our readers There will be no mistake In sendlng-tS
mistake will bo In overlooking the generous offer—
were more or less criticized, the fault, ac
cording to Dr. Hart, in some cases being
that the water was not sufficiently aerated,
and in others that the reservoirs were not
over clean.
Professor Wenzell and Dr. Spencer have
been instructed to send in their reports oa
the water at their earliest convenience.
Refused Mis Transfer.
Herman de Laguna, an attorney, began suit
yesterday in the Justice's Court against the
Sutter-street Railroad Company for $250 dam
ages. He alleges that on August 27 last ha
paid his fare on a Sutter-street car and received
a transfer to a Polk-street car. Though the
transfer was presented within the timespeclfied
by the conductor's punch on the margin Mr.
Laguna alleges that the Polk-street conductor
refused to accept it. He figures his damagei
at the amount named.
NJ2W TO-DAY.
TODAY (SATURDAY), SEPT. 10,
GREAT KID GLOVE
BEST VALUES EVER OFFERED.
MA\ T I>AP 2-claspKlD GLOVE,
JllUllliUEl in all the latest Best Glove
shades, every pair fitted in the world
and warranted. for SI
rAITTMRfI KID gloves,
wLUIMDId newest fall shades, Best Glove
every pair fitted and war- in the world
ranted. for &X
Everybody asks for
COLUMBIA."
None Better.
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast
107 AND 109 POST STREET
and I 220- I 222- 1224 MARKET ST.
Either
STANDARD
Shirt you buy, Dress, Outing or Fancy
Percale, you get a shirt made here in Cali-
fornia, and one that will give you entire
satisfaction. Ail dealers.
' • f~ "
*\ TRAD el'
I MARK I
NEUSTADTER BROS.. .Mfrs., San Franctsc*,'
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successfnl specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
Women.
Diseases of" young?, middle.
aged and old men which weaken,
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap tne vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
bacfc and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
Blood, if you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of.
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of* Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
You can be cured at home,
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. . Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address
HR F L SWFANY t 37 Mttr *et st.
Un. T. L. OflLHril, . San Francisco, Cat
T8 THE VERY BKST ONE TO EXAMIWR
i A your eyes and fit them to Spectacle* »nd Era.
glasses with instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. iiy sue*
cess has been due to the merits of iky work.
I Ottlce Hours— VI to Ap. it
RUPTURE. i
, SKvJ 1' ruptured, yon naturally hope to obtain relief/]
1 Bfsf from pain; security from Strangulated Hernia and a M
Kg* permanent c«reir possible. rie»«e Investigate ■■!), 1
p2H Pierce » Pat. M«netla Elastic Trust." aodron wlll'M
K» be surprised al what you will l e , rn . TM.Tr.,I. M
X* positively dots tht work and is worth 000 to anr #»3
■ ruptured man or woman. If jou want the BEST' J&23
■ calror fend Jet t. innampt for free Pamphlet So l'£K
■ Itcontain« fall information. Of The scientific ad 'fl
■ jmtrjent of lra«r< atourofficensnecialtT A<Mrn«> CB9
f MAOXF.TFC ELASTIC TRVSS Co . V O4.N W Ism\
I cor. aiuen'.o * Kcariiy St s ., Saairaactsco, CaL gQ
SSOPiUM
The pur* essential extract from the native drug. Cot*
Ulns all the Taluable medicinal propertte* of Opium
without 'ts noxious elements. No sickness cf Rtomachi
no Tomlt.ng ; no ;no headache. All Druggist*.BRYAN THROUGH
GERMAN EYES
Graphic Pe_ Picture of the
Leader of the Free-
Traders.
VITAL ISSUES TOUCHED.
The Nebraskaa's Speeches Said
to Be Entirely Devoid
cf Logic.
McKinley sure of election.
Sentiment From Now Until Votes
Are Cast Will Grow in His
Favor.
The iollowing article, written by a well
known Democrat, was published early
this month in tne Nation, one of the lead
ing periodicals of Germany, whose editor,
Dr. Theodor Barth, has come to this
country to watch the progress of our elec
tions:
"In about two months it must be de
cided whether William Jennings Bryan or
William McKinley is to be President.
"The Populists have indorsed Mr. Bryan
for the Presidency, but nominated
Thomas K. W T atson, a violent partisan
from Georgia, as Vice- President, because
they despise Arthur Sewall, the wealthy
shipbuilder from Maine. Neither Watson
nor Sewall can be induced to withdraw.
As Bryan insists upon retaining Sewall he
may lose votes of Southern Populists who
decline to vote for him.
"A description of the strange product of
our Western country who, by accident,
came suddenly into prominence, must be
of interest. Born in March, 1860, at
Salem, 111., William J. Bryan has by age
just become eligible. His father, a Vir
ginian by birth, was for many years State
Senator and Judge in Illinois. His means
enabled the son to enjoy the advantages
of a good education. *At the ace of
12 William was already allowed to
address a political meeting. The
audience began by laughing at the boy
orator, but soon listened to him with at
tention. He studied law in college and in
the office of Lyman Trurnbull in Chicago,
famous by his dratt of the thirteenth
amendment to the constitution, which
legalized the emancipation of slaves.
Graduating in 1881, Mr. Bryan moved, in
1387, to Lincoln, Nebr., where he devoted
himself to politics. In 1S8& he won his first
laurels by a passionate speech in favor
of free trade. Elected to Congress in
1890, ne was appointed a member of the
Waya and Means Committee, and distin
guished himself in the cause of tariff re
form. As a friend of Richard Bland he
became the most violent advocate of free
silver coinage when he was re-elected in
1592. At the end of this term in 1894 he
accepted a position as editor of the Omaha
World-Herald.
"After his admission to the bar he mar
ried Mary Elizabeth Baird, a clever young
woman and iellow law student, now the
better lawyer of the pair. She takes deep
interest in the political advancement of
her husband, assists In the preparation of
his speeches and makes hosts of friends by
her tact and amiability, never neglecting
her duties as housewife and mother. She
commands universal respect.
"Mr. Bryan speaks with apparent sin
cerity; his manner is simple yet earnest,
bo that it curries conviction. Intelligent
men have remained spellbound under the
influence of his silver tongue, although he
seldom says what :a worth hearing. In
toxicated by the exuDerance of his own
verbosity, he has the faculty of speaking
without saying anything. Coming to Cni
cago to claim a seat in the conven
tion, which had been contested, silverites
awarded and gave to him an opportunity
of delivering that wonderful address
which secured his nomination. One of its
captivating phrases, 'Protection has slain
thousands, the gold standard tens of thou
sands, 1 is a fair example of the rest.
"Traveling from Nebraska to New York
to be 'notified of his nomination.' he se
lectea slow trains because he could speak
from the platforms of their cars wherever
curiosity drew a crowd. That a possible
President should exhibit himself like a
mountebank was a humiliating spectacle
even to Western politicians. His hand
became sore from shaking and his voice
hoarse from speaking, co that he could
Lardly be heard when he delivered his
oration of acceptance in the vast expanse
of Madison-square Garden. This the
atrical performance failed, because he
read his part instead of speaking it as he
was accustomed. The people who had
come to listen to a Demosthenes, left when
they heard an essay of a college
rrofessor. More than a third of the
hall, which accommodates 10,000 specta
tors, was empty before he finished. Ap
plauded for socialistic expressions his al
lusions to finance were listened to in
silence. Again and again he asserted
that we could raise the value of an ounce
of silver to $1 29 in gold by free coinage,
but produced no arguments to show how
it could be done. Here is one of
the plittering phrases of the lec
ture: 'The gold standard has been weighed
and found wanting; it encourages hoard
ing, discourages enterprise and paralyzes
industry. 1 The opposite is true. Money
is hoarded in India and China, while it
circulates freely in England and Germany.
Industries flourish where people havecon
lidence in the stability of values; they
languish wherever that is wanting.
"Of medium height *nd pleasing man
ners, Bryan knows how to win the hearts
of men by a musical voice and genial
smile; politically a demagogue, he bears
the reputation of a good Christian and
honest man in private life.
"Many theories of our Silverites are
crude, so that it is incomprehensible how
they could influence a well-balanced
mind. Some claim it would be an
advantage if our credit were im
paired, as we would have to rely then
on our own resources, and could show
what he could do 'without the money
changers and vampires of Lombard street.'
A majority have nothing to lose; in their
opinion any change could not injure, but
might benefit them. To call their atten
tion to the fact that their labor would
be paid for in depreciated money will
not frighten them, because they ex
pect to get that money without working
for it. The platform of tne Populists
favors an issue of irredeemable money
wnich is safe and sound and is to be dis
tributed through lawful disbursement of
the Government. One of the measures
openly advocated in St. Louis whs a free
gift to the people of the imaginary profit
which the treasury had made by coining
silver into standard silver dollars. That
this 'profit,' called seigniorage, should be
coined and turned into the treasury, had
been proposed in Congress; the Populists
seem to have a better use lor it.
"Bryan mizbt hive been successful if
under toe influence of spontaneous popu
lar enthusiasm for these vagaries the elec
tion had taken place immediately after
the Popocratic nominations. (Since the
fusion of Populists with Democrats
the combined party has been called
Popocratic) The poor were then
aroused against the rich, farm
ers against city folks. McKinley's fol
lowers were called the 'Shylocks of Wall
street and 'plutocrats -of New England '
A. woman by the name of Penninjrton
draped in our flae, appeared on the platl
form of the convention and deligntedthe
audience by singing 'Kill the goldbugs
« ver y one, 1 to the tune of 'Yankee
Doodle I*
"Opinion has gradually changed; irom
day to day it becomes clearer that the
movement is a skillful conspiracy between
interested mmeowners and ambitious poli
ticians whom they secured as their advo
cates. These furnish ammunition to their
opponents by the very falsehoods which
they continue to spread because they fail
to substantiate them. Bourke Cockran,
Benjamin Harrison and other able men of
j U i Parties are exposing these impostors
and leave deep impressions on the public
mind wherever thty are heard.
"It ia unfortunate that the Republicans
cannot restrict their argument to the line
that a higher tariff would increase wages.
a} V- c tbis may innuen^ e some votes for
McKinley, it must repel sound-rr.oney
Democrats who consider present duties
high enough. They expect no favors
from a .Republican administration and
support their candidate from patriotic
motives, so that it would be better if their
feelings were respected and this agitation
deferred until Mr. McKinley is elected.
"Aside from this faux pas'every exertion
is made by the Republican National and
State Committees, especially in those
Middle States where the brunt of the bat
tle will have to be borne. All Eastern
States will probably vote for Mr. McKin
ley. Of the Southern States, where Popu
listic doctrines preponderate, Mr. Mc-
Kinley will only secure Maryland, Dela
ware and West Virginia, perhaps Ken
tucky. On account of their interest in
silver most States on the Pacific Slope
favor Mr. Bryan.
"The most important doubtful States
are:
Illinois. with 24 electoral votes
Misssouri with 17 electoral votes
Indiana with 15 electoral votes
Michigan with 14 electoral votes
Minnesota with 9 electoral votes
Total 79
"The fiercest struggle will take place in
Illinois, largely inhabited by many Ger
mans. Governor Altgeld, a strong eilver
ite, himself a German, is popular there.
The following Middle States are con
sidered sale for Mr. McKinley: Ohio,
with 23 votes, as the mother of Republican
Presidents; Wisconsin, witn 12 votes;
lowa, with 13 votes, on account of the
large German population.
"The recent stringency of money, par
tially due to the usual demand for moving
crops, was chiefly caused by a general de
sire to hoard, engendered by uncertainty.
Mercantile and industrial interests have
already suffered in consequence. As it
will continue, and spread over the coun
try, it may become a valuable ob
ject lesson to voters. If a fear
that Bryan may be elected can create
such disturbance, what must we expect
when he becomes President? Money may
become abundant because there would be
no longer any occasion to hoard, but the
election of Bryan would cause a suspen
sion of the payment of and a premium ou
gold. 'We do not eat soup as hot as
it is cooked.' The premium could not
become large, because a majorty of the
elected members of the House of Repre
sentatives would be against free coinage,
but uncertainty would intensify the pres
ent stagnation and public opinion would
be aroused against repudiation so that
Mr. Bryan himself would be Compelled to
abandon his scheme.
" 'Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof.' 1 remain confident Mr. McKin
ley will be elected and that once more
manufacturers will set their spindles in
motion and merchants find courage to
trade. Then the present anxiety for our
National honor will be forgotten like a
nightmare, when the incubus of a terrible
dream is removed and we see the bright
autumn sun smile again at our puzzled
faces. Louis Wixdmuller."
PATRIOTIC YOUNG CADETS
The Ladies of St. James Parish
Honor the League of the
Cross.
A Flag Presentation Amid Songs,
Music and Stirring
Speeches.
Company E of the League of the Cross
Cadets gave a grand drill and entertain
ment at Native Sons' Hall, Seventeenth
and Valencia streets, last night. Speeches
were made, songs were sung and prizes
for drill were awarded. The following
programme was rendered:
Instrumental selection, Miss A. Pauba;
contralto solo, Mrs. Thomas Griffin; banjo se
lection, Thomas Bree; instrumental sextet,
the Friday livening Musiral Club— the Misses
C. and A. Devlin, M. K. Gasisby, If. Grennan,
A. Baker, C. Baker; address, Frank Mumsky;
presentation of flag, Colonel John O' Byrne,
on behalf of the ladies of the parish; response,
Captain D. J. McCarthy; "America," audi
ence; competitive drills, Captain George
Filmer, N. G. C — (a) lor non-eomini=sioned
officer", (b) for privates; presentation of
medals to winners, by Colonel Thomas Ryan.
The stirring feature of the evening was
young Captain i). J. McCarthy's eloquent
response to Colonel O'Byrne's presenta
tion of a beautiful silk flag. The young
man waa a surprise to his friends, and he
won the applause of the audience. After
the Colonel had finished a brief presenta
tion speech the youns man arose in uni
form and aaid he felt inadequate to the
task of fitly respondine. "But we all love
that emblem of the free," he said, "and
we hope to warrant the confidence for its
care that you have in us reposed.
"Thiw is our flag and our only flag. We
pledge to it our undivided allegiance, and
if it is assailed in some dark hour of our
country's peril you may count upon the
League of the Cross to furnish sober,
patriotic and honest men for its defense
and for the upholding of the country's
honor." There was much more said in
the same strain, and the young man's
friends gave him an ovation.
Gold medals were presented to Sergeant
McCrystle and Private William Fogarty.
The evening was greatly enjoyed by all
present.
FECHTELER PROMOTED.
Goes to the Monterey After Two Year*'
Service as Local Hydro
grapher.
After a service running over two years
Lieutenant Augustus F. Fechteler, head
of the United States Hydrographic Office
in this City, nas been transferred to the
coast-defense vessel Monterey, where be
will assume the duties of senior watch
officer.
Lieutenant Fecnteler will be succeeded
in office by Lieutenant Walter S. Hughes,
who will arrive here on the first of the
month from Washington, D. C. The retir
ing officer has done excellent service
while in charge of the local bureau. Until
October 1 the Branch Hydrograpbic Of
fice will be in charge of Chief Clerk J. T.
McMillan.
Lawrence Captured at Ogden.
G. w. Lawrence, an account of whoso alleged
shortcomings were published in The Call ol
yesterday, has been arrested at OgOen. Ho
has waived a requisition, and is expected to
reach this City to-morrow. Lawrence said he
had a perfect right to sign Bray's name to the
pension certificate calling fora railroad ticket
as he purchused the paper from Bray. It is
generally thought to bo a case for the State
rather than the Federal courts to handle.
True Manhood.
Key. Mr. Birch will address a meeting for
men only at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Mason and Ellis streets, to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock. His subject will be
"True Manhood." Yonng n»en between 16
aud 35 years of age cordially invited to attend.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896
EMMA ASHLEY'S
STATE OF MIND
Her Counsel Claims She Is
Mentally Incompe
tent.
ADDRESS TO THE JURY.
Life Story of the Young Woman
Who Tried to Kill E. J.
Baldwin.
A SAD DRAMA IN REAL LIFE
She Left Her Fiance to Come to the
Aid of Hsr Suffering, Sin
ning Sister.
The story of Emma Ashley's attempt to
kill E. J. Baldwin was told and retold in
Judge Bahrs' court yesterday. Henry E.
Highton related the tale from tlie stand
point of the prosecution, wbile James L.
Crittenden and A. T. Barnett told how the
deed was attempted, as seen by friends of
the defense. In no way did any one of
the relations differ materially from the
stories published at the time and already
told on the witness-stand on Thursday.
If the case were to go to the jury to-day
there is little doubt that the defendant
would be acquitted, and as the prosecu
tion has closed, leaving the field to the de
fense, it would seem doubly sure that
"not guilty" will finally be the verdict.
The principal event yesterday was Gen
eral Friedrichs' opening address in behalf
of the defense. He bezan by telling the
prisoner's simple life-story and finished
by asking for her acquittal.
"Twenty - two years ago," said he,
"Emma Ashley was born in a little town
in Vermont. Her family is an old one,
and she can trace her lineage through a
period of 300 years. Her great-grand
lather fought for American independence
in the Revolutionary War, and her more
recent ancestors have been always promi
nent in New England affairs, and well
thought-of, law-abiding citizens.
"Emma Ashley's father died when she
was but 10 years of ase, leaving his family
in straitened circumstances. Her
mother raised the children and brought
them un in the Christian church, which
the prisoner joined when 10 years of age,
and to which she has ever since belonged.
After her mother's death she went to work
and earned her own living in her native
town, until she was informed of her sister
Lillian's illness in Boston. She at once
hastened to her side, and has since clung
to her through all.
"Lillian Ashley subsequently came to
California and entered into relations with
E. J. Baldwin, which culminated in the
sun for seduction. Miss Emma heard of
her sister's straitened circumstances
and at once came to Pasadena from the
East in order to help her. The shame of
the situation preyed upon her to such an
extent that I am sure it permanently af
fected her mind.
"She had left the man of her choice, to
whom she was engaged to be married, to
come to her Bister. Is it any wonder
— coming from her rural home, simple,
guileless, believing in the honesty of man
kino; engaged to be married to a man as
honest as herself, she finds her beloved
sister the victim of a professional seducer,
a man who has before been the target of
a girl he had betrayed — is it any wonder,
I say, that her mind was affected ?
"Then came the trial in this City and
the journey here to attend it. The sisters
were pitiably poor; so poor, indeed, that
they lived in one room and denied them
selves the necessaries of life in order that
the child might have food. To fill their
W. E. FLAGG of Tulare, Who With His Companions Spent $1800
and Got $1.25 in Gold.
[Sketched from life by a M Call " artist.]
cup of misery Jo overflowing the child fell
sick.
"For two months, weak and hunsry,
her sister's shame preying on her mind,
this woman sat in court and listened, as
she believed, to perjured witnesses telling
infamous stories about her sister. Hor
ror-stricken, flic listened to tales of things
she had never dreamed of, and saw ever
before her the man whom she believed to
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
be the cause of all her shame and woe.
One day she sat in court all day and then
all evening. She returned to her un
happy home, only to find her charge, the
baby, so ill that its life was in danzer.
She sat up with it all night and in the
morning returned to court, only to see her
sister on the stand, bullied and threatened
by Attorney Hiehton, who tried to make
her out an" infamous woman. She heard
a terrible question asked that sister, and
then she knew uo more.
"Gentlemen, that she had a pistol we
admit. We will show when and where
she got it; but she never knew she used it
until the morning after the shot was fired,
when she awoke in the City Prison. When
informed of what she had done she
showed no emotion, made no answer, and
a moment after her voice was heard sing
ing 'Nearer, My God, to Thee.'
"Such was her condition. We shall
prove it, and we will then ask you to ren
der a verdict of acquittal."
During General Friedricbs' address the
defendant sat calm and apparently unin
terested, while he r sister. Lilian Ashley,
bowed her head on her hands and wept.
Attorneys H. E. Highton, James L.
Critienden and A. T. Barnett, Dr. M. L.
Burch and the two Deputy Sheriffs who
took Emma Ashley to the City Prison tes
tified during the day, and tho case went
over until 10 o'clock on Monday.
SONE OF THE R EVOLUTION.
A Banquet in Commemoration of Wash
ington's l'urewell Address,
The Sons of the American Revolution
will give a banquet this evening in com
memoration of Washington's farewell ad
dress to the Nation, on the occasion of his
declination of a third term in the Presi
dential chair. The affair will take place
at the California Hotel at 8 p. >i.
Horace Davis will address the banquet
ers on the events recalled by 5 the anniver
sary, Edward P. Cole will speak on Vir
einia, tlie home 'of Washington, and the
Rev. E. J. Dupuy on the allied armies of
the Revolution, while the "American Sol
dier" will be C. A. Sumner's theme. Ad
dresses will also be given by William H. L.
Barnes, William M. Bunker and others.
FROM TURNAGAIN ARM
The Miners Who Sailed in the
Albion Reach Here With
No Gold.
Odd Phases of Life In and About the
New Placer Camp of Sun*
rise City.
Among the arrivals here yesterday were
W. E. Flaeg, T. B. Bowers and G.W.Gib
son, of Tulare, who were members of the
famous Ducey party who went to Cooks
Inlet, Alaska, in the Albion last April to
mine for gold.
They had no gold except $5 or $6 worth
apiece, which they had bought. But
figuring the total cost of this gold they
estimated that it cost them $300 each.
Still none of them are dissatisfied. They
saw a vast expanse of country, and trav
eled in all about 6COO miles. Mr. Flagg
said:
"It is not much of a place to mine up
there. We were at Turnagain Arm on Six
Mile Creek. Therp has been alittlequaitz
struck there, but peneraily speaking it is
piacer mining. We were all prospecting
for placers.
•'There is only a little gold. We found
placers and we conld not get 2 cents a
pan from them, and finally they ran out en
tirely. Six of us worked twenty days,
made sluice boxes, dug and cleaned up
and all we got wag $125. It had cost us
$300 each. That section i 3 a complete
lake. *
"About three or four properties are pay
ingn g irom $5 to $50 a day to the man. Out
side of these there isn't anythine."
Mr. Bowers thought somewhat differ
ently, in that he believed the country
would yet develop a lot of big mines. He
praised the country otherwise and said it
was as good in many respects as Montana.
"The principal town where we stopped,"
he said, "was Sunrise City. There were
from 1500 to 2000 people about there this
bummer. At an election "70 votes were
r.ast. There are four stores in the place
and a great many cabins of various designs,
built by the miners.
"We were in Bitka, Juneau and other
places. In Juneau there is great prosper
ity. There has been an immense amount
of Ouiiding, and money is plentiful every
where you go. I saw one man in Juneau
wheeling his money in the streets in a
wheelbarrow, he had so much of it. But,
of coarse, this is not the regular thing."
The gentlemen will leave for their homes
in Tulare County probably to-day.
THE INSURANCE COMPACT
Some Concessions Were Made to
Messrs. Mullin and
_2lden.
A Report That Captain Magill Has
Now Kicked Over the
Traces.
One story goes in circles of fire insur
ance that worK under ti;e new compact
was begun Thursday evening at 5 o'clock.
Yesterday underwriters were perplexed
by the rumor that Captain Magill of the
Home and Phoenix had kicked over the
traces and was cut in the open field defy
ing the compact. It is said that Magill
was satisfied Wednesday evening, but that
Mr. Mulhns of the Commercial Union and
Mr. Belden of the Hartford were not satis
fied with the u non-intercour3e" provision
of the compact. They wanted it double
riveted, copper-fastened and airtight, and
so the promoters yf the agreement made
it closer to conciliate them. This conces
sion, it is rumored, was made without
Captain Magill's consent or knowledge,
and when he heard of it he decided to
withhold his approval of the compact.
Charles D. Haven of the Liverpool, Lon
don and Globe declined to discuss com
pact affairs yesterday. He said in a gen
eral way that there was absolutely noth
ing new, and indicated plainly that the
fluency of newspaper comment was the
chief obstacle in the way of successful ne
gotiation. He was kind enough to say
that the press would be informed when
the negotiations were closed.
During the pa«t eighteen months a vast
deal of insurance, extending over period*
of three and five years has been effected
under the reduced rates. The owner of a
residence in Oakland said that he had in
sured nis dwelling for three years for the
sum that he had formerly paid for one
year's insurance.
There has been such a deal of slashing
and undercutting that there is very little
new business in the field.
An old-time insurance man said yester
day: "The underwriters must come to
gether. It was the greatest folly in the
first place to cut each other as they did.
They have practically destroyed the profits
of the business for three years, and for
their own protection they miist form some
kiud of agreement. At 5 o'clock Thurs
day evening the compact had been signed
by all the companies which had been ex
pected to subscribe, and I cannot account
now for the report that a new complica
tion has come up."
WANTS HIS SON RELEASED.
C. C. Hill Sues to Have His Boy's
.Marriage Annulled.
Christian C. Hill, in behalf of his son,
Charles C. H. Hill, who lacks a year of
having attained his majority, yesterday
brought suit to annul the latter's marriage
to A. E. T. HilL
The minor Hill was wedded on March
10 of this year, and it is claimed in the
complaint that on July 11, 1896, it was
discovered that the young man's new
wife, wbo waa Adolphina Scheller, was
not of irreproachaDle life while a single
woman.
As the little Hill was not of age it was
necessary for him to get his father's con
sent to the marriage. Hill senior claims
that he was induced to give this consent
on the representation that the young
woman was of good character. He there
fore asks that the marriage bo annulled.
All the parties live in Oakland.
XTZW TO-DAY.
1 INFANT HEALTH^
1 SENT FREE |
1 A little book that should be in every j
>' borne. Issued by the manufacturers ■
I of the *
I Gail Borden Eagle Brand |
§ Condensed Milk |
<> N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. \
y 71 Hudson Street, Hew York U
S«
\ ■ /
Young Manhood,
1 The period from twenty to thirty years
of age is a very momentous one to young
men. In it come all the worst of their
temptations, and in it all the effects of
their past mistakes begin to develop. If
young men pass the age of 30 without no-
ticing any sign of weakness they may feel
reasonably sure of passing through the
most of their life in the possession of ;
healthy manly vigor. If, however, any
sign of trouble is noticed before the age of
30 it denotes early decay, and if some
action toward the recovery of this wasted
power is not taken at once the trouble is
liable to develop into nervous debility and
total impotency inside of two years. The
great vital restorer,
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
is the most effective remedy for such men.
It cures all vital weasness in from one to
three months.
Here Is a Late Cure.
SAN FRANCISCO, September 11, '96.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear t-ir: I purchased
one of your Belts last spring and I can recom-
mend it highly. My case was weakness of
long standing:. I spent all the money I could :
earn last year for medicines and doctors, with-
out the least benefit. I have worn two other |
belts, but your belt is far superior to them. It 1
has done me more (rood in two months than any
amount of medicine could. I can recommend
it to any one suffering from similar troubles.
Yours respectfully, H. STUART,
: 1139 Market Street
It has hundreds of cures credited to it in
this city; cures after all else had failed.
It does its work while you sleep at night,
and never interferes with daily labor. Call
and see it, or send for the pamphlet,
"Three Classes of Men," sealed, free.
Consultation free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
. 630 Market Street, San Francises,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office bours; a a. _ . )
8:30 F. if.: Sundays, 10 to 1. ■
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
■UOa ANGELES, CA_, I PORTLAND, OR,
< 'Mi SouUx Broadway. 1 253 Wwblogioa s.ce*; ;'
MRS. SENATOR WARREN.
Why Paine's Celery Compound Is Famed
in Washington Families.
- - '■'<-..".' *4» f 9 +*^ — —
Many persons out of health have found I
an excuse in hot weather for doing noth-
ing toward getting well.
•'I will wait until fall," they have prom-
ised themselves.
It is now time, if ever, in thousands ol
cases, to keep that promise.
Nothing should now interfere with j
building up the weakened nerves.
Now is the time of year when rheuma-
tism and neuralgia must De cured, when
debility and nervousness must be checked,
when bad health must be mended — if one
hopes to get well.
The natural, unchecked course of disease
is from bad to worse as the fall and winter
wear on.
It is not that rheumatism, neuralgia, in-
somnia and kidney troubles are hard to j
cure — Paine's celery compound has made I
a host of sufferers well— but people make
themselves chronic invalids by neglecting
the first symptoms of disease.
Thousands of lives that ure now fast
wearing out would be prolonged if Paine's
celery compound were in each instance j
used to stop those ominous pains over the I
kidneys, to build up the run-down nervous
strength, and cure permanently those more
and more .frequently recurring attacks of
headache and indigestion.
There is absolute relief from nervous
RATXROAP TRAVKtA
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, ,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from 8. P. Co Ferry Landing, foot or
Market Bfc, at 8:00 p. v.
Onrni/ll ) 01 fl including Berth,
0r t I A t Oil) _ Tourist Sleeper.
D i T PA i til ift First-class. Including
RATES > $19 Bt s&jg™ te *
For further Information apply at 813 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), s. F.
lUCHARD GRAY, T. H. WOODMAN, "
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SMFRAMSCO&RORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. \
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. M.; 13:35
8:30, 6:10, 6:80 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 -.30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra" trips at l:3t)
and 11:30 P. h.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 8:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p.m. .
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. Jr. Saturdays— Extra trini
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:j}B, 11:10 A. m.; 1:40, 3:11
6:00,6:25 p.m. .««.«*»»
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
San Francisco. ! ineffpct San Arrive
San Francisco. _£"*£^ San Frandsca .
Wkkkl Sun-- uJftnahan Si-n- 1 Webk
Days. | days. "estimation. PAYa | DaY3 .
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, | 6:05 pm • 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa ltosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
~~ Fulton, j ~~ "
7:30 am Windsor, I .' 10:10 am
Healdsbur;, |
. Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pj*
~~ I 'Meta, ~
7:30 am Hopland & 110-10 km
3:30pm 1 7:3oam Ukinh. 7:3opm 6:l&pm
7:30 am " j • ... 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm j < 6:15
7:30 am 1 7:30 am Sonoma \ 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7 :30 am l s-ha,,,,™, 110:40 AM|10:10 AM
8:30 px I 5:00 pm| | 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa ■ Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for SkascßS Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta tor Highland
Springs, Kolseyville. Soda Bar and mkoport: at
Hopland lor Lakeport and Bartlett Spring*; at
I'kiiih for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Late. J'on-.0, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Back-
Dell's, Sanhe^lrin Heights. HuUvilie, Booneville,
Greenwood, Ore's. Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Brasrg, \\'es:port, Usal, Wiliets, Canto, Co-
Telo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. : ... - ■ - :. ■ - . :
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Kafael at half rates. . .
Ticket Offices. 650 Marke;st., Chronicle hulldinz.
H. C. WHIT - Tt X. R Y AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic '^PPigrig!**
Trains leave untl arrive t>i HgiPKJfjS vHW
Market-Street Ferry. Kp^ I^^!
SASTA FE EXPRESS. _i§l§
To Chicago Tia A. & ■ \_§_f«s^ *_
Uir<»ct Line **&*<&r+Li*~*&i*&
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carry mi; lul:man
Palace Drawing-room Sleet>ers, _• Modern Ip.
hoisler^d Tourist Kleeping-cars. with clean lln*a
an! beddinc and in entree of a porter, ran dally
through to Chicago v.a Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the White
.Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: in'.erestlnu scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS."
Trains connect with, >'orth Pacific
Const Kail road.
WEEK DAYS— Leave S. F. 9:15 a. m. I:4* p.m.
Returning— Arrive S. f. 3:25 p M. 6:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— Leave F. BA. M 11:40 a. m. 1:30 m.
Returning— Arrive S.F. 1 : 1 5 p. m. 4:20 P. m. 7:35 m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
1 THOs. COOK <fc BONB, 621 Market St., 6. F.
KUI Valley » a Haunt T»m»ij>ais b«enic ii»ijw»/,
prostration, sleeplessness, poor appetite,
growing; thinness and loas ot vigor and
strength in Paine's ceicry compound.
This most remarkable of all known
remedies has won the sincere approval of
the mcft progressive part of the commun-
ity. Here is a testimonial recently re-
ceived from the wife of U. S. Senator E. F.
Warren of Wyoming, whose distinguished
services for the country's best farming in-
terests are so well known :
"I was persuaded to try your Paine'B
celery compound in the curly spring when
in a very run-down condition. The duties
devolving upon the wife of an official in
public life are naturaliy very exhausting
and I was tired out and nervous when 1
commenced using the remedy. I taka
pleasure in testifying to the great benefit
I received from its use, and can truthfully
say _ that I am in almost perfect health
again. If I ever find myself running
down again I shall certainly give it
another trial and will in the meantime
recommend it to every one needing it."
It is a fact verified by the practice of the
best physicians and by thousands of per-
sonal testimonials that Paine's celery
compound makes new, purs blood, builds
up the nervous system, and cures disease
where all other remedies have failed.
Its absolute reliability is shown by its
steady employment by trained physicians
and in homes made happy by its unques-
tioned power of making people well.
_^ RAILROAD TRAVEL. ■
SOITUKKS PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC! BXBXSK.) -■ .
Train* leave nnd arc due to arrive at
> SAN I'KA.\('ISC». .
LEAVE — FnOM BEFTEMBgR 3, 1836. — . ARIUVa
•6:OOa. Niles, ban joso and ay Stations.... 8:45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogileu and Ka3t.. 8:1.1 1>
7:OOa Benicia, VacaviUo, Kumssy. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding via "•
Davis 6:15p
7:*Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa. Rosa 6:15p
8:30 a Nilea, .Sau Jose, .Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Alarjsvilla and Red
Bluff 4:l»p
•S:3oa Peters and Milton *7:15p
U:im» a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Bsrbara and Los Angeles 4:48p
9:OO A Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a
O:OOa Vallejo % G:l3p
I :OOp Isilea, San Jose and Xivermore 8: 15a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «9:00p
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations f7:45p
4:0 Op Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Kapa, Caliatoga, IA Verano and
Santa Rosa 9:15 a
4 :oft Benicia, Vacaville, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knisliu Landing. . Marys-
■yiile, Oroville and Sacramento 10:43 a
4:3orNiles, San Jose, Livermore and
}• Stockton 7:15p
.4:30? Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
. Yosemite) and Fresno 11:15 a
S:99r New Orleans Kxpress.tfresno.Bakers- .
field. Santa i;aibara,l.i>3 Augelca,'
Demii.g, El Paso, New Oilcan* and
East 10:15 a
5:00p Santa Ft; Route, Atlautio Express
for Mojave and East 10:15 a
s:OOpVaUcjo 1I:-15a
G:o(>p European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:13 a
C:OOr Haywards, Niles and .San Jose 7:15 a
J7:OOi>Vallcjo t~:43p
7:OOp Oregon Exi>re«B,Bucrameuto, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, Tuget
\ Sound and Kast 10:45 a
SANTA <;UI,Z IH VISION (Harrow (.augo>.
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, hanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations *8:O5p
5:15 a Newarfc,Ceiitervillc,Hau.Toae l FeUon,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations ss3Bp
•2:15p Newark, Centertille, San Jose. New
Almadcn, Felton, Itouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •11:80 a
4:13 i» Newark. Han .lose and Los Hatoa.... »:3Oa
COAST VISION (Tliinl Tonrnsrinl !SU.) _'
•0:45 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
. Hanta Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
i .Principal Way Stations JB:33p
8:15 a Sau Joso, Ties linos, Kuita Cruz.
P.teilio Grove, Paso Roblcs, .San
I,ni» Oliis-,!o, Guadalnpc aud Prin-
cipal Way titatious 7:05
J9:47a Palo Alto acd Way Stations > . . i 1 :30p
I«:IO.x .Sau Jorteaud Way Stations r>:<»op
1I:3O.\ Palo Alto and Way (Station 3:'.; op
•2:3Oi>San Matc:o, Menlo Park. .Sau Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Oms,
Salinas,MontcrtyftndPacincGrnTe «10:4»a
*3:30r San Jose, Pacific Grore and Way
Stations «l:3Or
•4:3OpEanJosoand Way Stations •*:««?*
s:3oi> San .Tose and Principal Way Stations *S:4Ba
C::Joi> San Joso and Way Stations 6:33 a
tl I ;-tSi» Ban .Toaa nnd W;*t Stations +7:4r> P
Vi> LKAMUM> AM> HA.YW AItOS LUtIAL.
»»«:OOa"1 7:15 a
S:OOa «'J:45a
io!oot aelrose, Seminary Park, luni
'"%& Fitchbars,SanL*andro >jf|g^
3:00p I .-. . an 4 - . 4:4.»r
4:«0r >■ * "I 5:40p
5:00p n~.rirnTtU 6:15p
r>:3op iiarwarns. 7:iSp
7:<»op Ss4sp
it-OOP •' Runs tbrciuli to Nile?. 10:50p
ttll:»-'>pj tFromNUcs. I ttl2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frca SAH FRiSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m- U:00 *2:30 t3:CO
•1:00 tS:CO *6:oopji.
| FronOlKUHD— Foot '6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:CO ♦1:00 t2:00 *3:00 t4:QO
_ *s=oorjc ' ■ ■ "
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays only.
t Sundays only,
ft Monday, Thursday and PaUirrJay rights only.
SOPtTfl PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
j From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. IS, 1833.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sun Uafa<!l— *7 :2s, •3:15.
11:30 a. M.; "1:45, 3:43, «5:15. * > :45, :30 p.m.
Extra trips lor Bn Uiifi-icn Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays a: 11:30 p. it.
SUNDAYS.
; For Mill Valley snd P«n P.afae!— •B:oo, •10:00
•ll:3i a. m. : *l : :o, 3:00, *4:bO, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked " run to san ijientin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7 a.m.
Weekdays, 8 :0J a. m. bundays, 1:-15 p. m. Satur-
days.
hOi - Cazsdero and wtjy stations— 7:2s a. li. v.eek-
days: 1:45 p. K. Mvni'davg. : . .
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UHE I>A>IIAN A JUITTKKS, £ii^S
great Mexican iiwaad/: ftivw iXmiUk **4
feutoavu io \u* R«u«i yrs»ii*. . r ,■ .-.;^j
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MJ.IMAKY OK THE AlAJil»Jii-'s*.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Mexican Dollars higher.
Wheat con.lnuc'S to advance.
Barley and Oats qniet. Rye nominal.
Corn still lower and dull.
Large White Beans selling well.
Hay arrives heavily.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Coffee about the same.
Large pack of Salmon Indicated.
Twenty-tour Failures last week.
Butter continues to decline.
Ka-tern Kg^s higher.
Cheese unchanged-
Potatoes, onions and Vegetables plenttfuL
Poultry in ample supply.
Fresh Fruit? unchanged.
Oranges about gone.
Dried Fruit well held.
Provisions selling satisfactorily.
Hogs weaker.
THE WEEK'S FAII.UBES.
The Brartstreet Mercantile Agency reports 24
fniltinsfor the Pacific Coast States and Territories
lor the week ending yesterday an compared with 22
for the previous week and 23 for the corresponding
*4-< k 01 IS9. C . I he failures an dividea amonn the
trades a* follows: 7 saloons. 3 grocers, 2 orchard-
Ists, 1 harness. 1 paints and oils. 1 dry goo.ls, 1
restaurant, 1 hotel. 1 tinware, 1 fruit and cigars, 2
general stores, 1 drugs, 1 fruit company, 1 lumber.
CANNED SALMON.
The Cutting Packing Company's circular says
of canned salmon: 'New trade in this article is
of small proportions, thouch qnlte a volume of
movement is in evidence, caused by deliveries of
parcels sold early in the season, receipts being
amp'e from all sections.
'■The Columbia River has closed Its canneries
with the exception of one or two that will busy
themselves in packing of fall run of fish. On out
side rivers of Oregon and Puget Sound the pack
ing-houses are all busy in puttinz up the varieties
of tish that run late in the season, and, encour
a ed by patronage accorded in the past, canning
of these lower grades of salmon has increased to
such a;i extent as to cause severe competition in
galling and a very low raime of prices.
'•There have been smail arrivals from Alaska
with part of the new catch, and news from that
section is that the pack is a large one, and that,
coupled with the. lor this year, extraordinary out
put of British Columbia, indicates that the total
pack of cunneit sin mon will be the largest In the
history of the business.
••The large run in the Fraser and also in the Co
lumbia River is. we judge, v direct result of the
establishment of the fish hatcherlr s,-tnd if so gives
a lair assurance of a continuance of a business
that a tew years since bid fair to be extinguished
In tnese waters. It is to be hoped that consump
tion wiii continue to increase in the same ratio
tliat it has in the la,t few years and that the end
of the canning season may see as iglu stocks as
there were a cose of the lasi. With a return of
the old time activity in the manufacturing dis
tricts of the United states all thai is being packed
will be lapidly absorbe.l."
rrpisnation.
The arrow files with '.he wind. The top figure*
H station indicu-e maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches ami hundredth*,
tfurint the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; i«o-
Iherms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiKli" means higii barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and acconipntilpd by cloo'ly weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washlntrton
cnas:. when the pressure is high In the Interior
and low n!ong the coas\ and the isobars extend
north Hiid south along the coast, rain is probable;
b;:t when the "l"w" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain souih of ' regon is improb
able. With a "high" In ihr vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California" coast, warmei
weather mp.y be expected in summer and 00,' dei
weatl-.er in winter. The reverse of these condition*
kill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
L' kited States Department of Aoßicutr
TfKE. Weather Bureau, San i-'bancisco, .^pL
18, 1896. & p. w — Weaiher conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day.
Kureka 66, Red Bluff 80, san Franoisco 59.
Fresno 73, Baa Luis Obispo 64, Los Angeles 74,
t«gO 70, Vuma 98.
San Francisco da:a— Maximum temperature 59,
minimum 53, mean 56.
An area of low pressure is central to-night over
California, and seems to be woricinz north. The
pressure throughoir Calf rnia Is far below the
normal. Lurin-: tlie past twn:y-fnur hours there
has been a fall 01 neaily three-tenths of an inch
a!on? the coant north of san Francisco. An area
01 high pressure is cen:ral over Montana and North
Da- ota. 1 lie pressure gradien.s are unusually
steep over Idaho ana Montana.
Ihe temperature has risen over the northern
half of the Pacific slope, an<l aNoover Utah. It
has fall'-n from rt to 20 degrees over ihe southern
halt of Hie ParKlc slop*. S ho«-t-rs have (.ecu rred
in the >acram'nio Valley and along the coast fiom
San l.vis OMtpo :o San Francisco. High north
\\es:erly winds are reported from hureka.
Forecast made at san Fra'.cis' o for thirty hoars
ending muli.i!:h\ September 19, 1896:
-Northern ( Hlifornia — showers >nturday for»>
roon arm iv the nor; hern portion in the after
noon; warmer; fresh westerly winds on the coast:
vari vb c wimls inland.
r-.'uthern Call ornia— Cloudy and threatening
Saturday; warmer; fr 3h westerly winds.
Nevada— Showers in the northwestern portion
01 Saturday; warmer Saturday ana Saturday
night.
Utah— Showers Saturday: cooler in the northern
por: ion.
Arizona— Fair In western portion; cloudy in the
eastern portion Saturday warmer.
San Francisco am; vii-ini.y— Unsettled weather,
with showers Saturday ear y in the ny rning; light,
southerly, changing to fresh southwesterly wind.
A. (i. Mcadik, Local Forecast Official.
NEW VOKK MARKETS
Financial.
NKW YORK. K. V., Sept. 18 -The tendency
of the stock market was upward until just near
the close, when prices rau off fructionally on
moderate sales to realize profits. The early
strength was due to thf announcement of the en
gagement of 84,000,000 gold additional for import
by Laeard Freres of this city, rumors that further
amounts astro atms; a million had been negotia ed
for and to reports of a heavy demand for ocean
freight room, which indicates that the import
movement of the mt-tal is likely to continue for
some time 10 come. The statement of tne Bureau
of Statistics for Ui» pasi eight months Jnst pub
lished is a highly favorable exhibit and strength
ens the belief now prevalent in financial Urcles
tnat the import mov> nient of roUi in t c next tew
months is destined to assume large proportions
The 1 rlncip.i. bu yersi to-day, hs of ii H te, wer* the
bears, commission-imuse business s ill heii-^ Hunt
In volume. Snjrar, th- (in.np. rs «nrl Jla-itiattan
inonopo iz"d the chief speculative attention
Sugar bounded up irom 111 % to 114. and 6H 500
shares were trad d in. Lower Wall stree- inter
ests were agaai buyers of the slrclt and this
alarmed the short interest. Tobacco was marked
np to 621/ aon the vague reports of a resumption
of dividends. Tne Ofangsrs, Maßbatta 1, Western
Vnion, General Elecirlc «ud Leather pi ef.- rred
moved up y» to 2 points and were in fair demand
.\eartlio clo c he inquiry from the sh if* fell
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMKELOCK & CO.,
<£ LeldesdorfT St., TeL Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE ■ • ' " : ■'>
128 Market St., Palace Hotel. TeL Main '■ 6828
J. 8. I'UKDY, manager. .
Orders instantly : executed on latest market quo-
' tatlons. Rafarence Ist National Bank. S. F. - •
eiIICAGO. 9UIVAXU, WIMJi, <■ MitW YOftXt
off, and at the same time there were sales to
realize profits. A reaction of 1 / 4@ l1 /'8 P e r cent fol
lowed, Sugar, Manhattan and tue Grangers show
ing the greatest losses. There was no special
pressure to sell, however, and at the close the
market was barely steady In tone. Net changes
show gains of V4@lVs percent. .Manhattan and
Rock Island were exceptions and lost per
cent, lotai sales, 70 578 shares, including &3,
-500 shares Sugar, 26,800 St. Paul, 19,100 Burling
ton and 14,800 Manhattan.
Bonds were strong; sales $520,000 Atchi-on
adjustment fours rose 114 to 33%; Cincinnati and
Ohio consolidated rives. 1 to 105; Chicago and
Northern Pacific fives certificates, 1% to 39%;
Iron Mountain general fives, 1 to 70: Keokuk and
Dcs Molnes fives, 1% 10 104; Northwest Sinking
Fund fives. Bto 109%; St. Joe and Grand Island
sixes certificates, 1% to 39%, and Wisconsin Cen
tral fives certificates. 1 14 to 31. Kentucky Cen
tral fours brought 90 against 84 before to-day.
In Government bonds $15,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116: 2000 do of 1907 at 1061.4: $20,
-000 coupon fours of 1907 at 1078.i and $11,000
coupon fives at 110%@110%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Firm, active Winter wheat.low grades,
$1 70@2 60; do, fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40; do,
patents, $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear. $3 20<a
3 70; do, straits, 82 85@3 ;sO: do. patents, S3 lo@
4 05: low extras, $1 70(g»2 50: city mills, S3 90;
do, patents, $4<&4 25. Rye flour quiet, steady,
»2 25@2 76.
CO It. N MEAL— steady. Yellow Western,
SI 95@2.
hVr.— Firm. Western, 35»4@39c.
BARLEY— Quiet. New feeding. 30l^@S0S,ic.
WHEAT— Quiet; firmer. No. 2 red, .o. b. 60% c:
No. 3, — ; ungraded red, 58:*7Oo; No. 1 North
ern. 68y B e.
Options opened firm at 3/s@%e advance on bet
ter cables, lair foreign buying and firmer West;
fell %@VgC on free receipts West, rallied 3 ,4® vs c
on better west and local covering, fell s/s@%c on
easier late cables and closed steady at V4(£s% c
over yesterday with trading fair. December most
active. No. 2" red. May, 71 V4C: September, BbVsc;
October, 6614 c; November. 6T3/ 8 o: December,
68V 8
CORN— DuII; firm. No. 2, 26V&C elevator; 27VgC
afloat.
Options were doll and steady at unchanged
prices, with trading only local. September, closed
iGV'b-: October, --6%0: December, 28c; May.
80^c.
OATS-Qulet: firmer.
Options firmer; quiet. September, 20% c; Octo
ber, 20% c; December, 21% c; May, 2384 c.
:-poi prices: No. •_', 20% c; No white, 24iAc; No.
2 Chicago. 21% c: >o 3, 18% c; No. 3 white.
211/3-': mixed Western, 19@21%c; white do,
20&)20%c.
iroTiiinm.
I.AHD— Quiet, higher: Western steam closed at
*3 77%@3 80: city, $3 45@3 50: September.
83 70; retlned, dull; continent, $4 10; boutn
American, $4 50: compound, 3%@4c.
PORK — Quiet, firmer; new mess, $7 60®
8 25.
BUTTER-Qulet, weaker: Western dairy, 8@
ll%c: do creamery. 11@15%c: do factory. 7@
10% c: Kipins. 15@15%c.
CHEESE— Fancy, arm: part skims, 3@6c.
EGGS— Choice, firm: Western fresh. 14@16c;
do |t case. $2 ll<@.> 60.
1 ALLOW— Quiet, strong; city, 314 c: country,
3S-irsJS%c.
cd'J TONSEED OIL— Quiet, nominal; crude, 21c;
yellow, prime, 21c asked.
PETROLEUM— Steady: refined New York.
$6 85; Philadelphia, $6 80; do lv bulk, $4 3d®
4 36. .
RICE — Firm: domestic, 3y2@55.4c; Japan.
4(r£lViC
MOI^ASSES— Firm; New Orleans, 27®37c.
FLAX SEED— 72@72%c.
COFFEE— steady, unchanged to 5 points down.
September, 89 40; October, $9 05; November,
98 75: December, 88 65@8 70; March, $8 70:
May. *8 65@8 70. Spot KlO, dull, steady; .No. 7,
IOV4C. • ..;
feLGAK— steady; No. 6. 48/ 8 c; No. 7. 4V4c;
No. 9, 4 11-i6c; Mold A, sc; off A. 4 7-16$
4%c; standard A, 4^ic; confectioners' A. 46 /8 c;
cut loaf, s^s c ° crushed, 6%c; powdered, oc:
grauulated, 4»y 4 c: cubes, sc.
trait and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, new, B@loc
PEACHES- Peeled, old, 12@14c: do nnpeeled,
6^tßc
PRUNES— Four sizes nominal. 48,4665 c.
RAISINS— Two-crown. 4%c; do three-crown.
6y 2 c: do iour-crowu, 5^ 4 @61; do London layers,
*l(gl 15: clusters. $1 2oityx 40.
_ lioPb— Quiet and unchanged. Pacific Coast, 3@>
6%c.
OOL— Steady, moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c; pullea. 18(tt31c; leias, 7(B>12o.
Merchandise.
Tin IPO'S— American. *10 25012 50.
COPPER-Dull. Lake, SlO 75(»ll.
LEAD— Easy. Domestic, *2 7 big,2 80.
1 1N— Steady. Straits. »13@13 10; plates quiet.
fcPKLXtIv-Dull. Dcm«-«ti-. S3 SUs»J (JO
CHICAGO MARKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111. Sept. 18.— Local bullish senti
ment was In control of the wheat market this
morning, little of that grain being for sale, while
the demand was exceedingly brisk. Higher open
ing cables from Liverpool and Berlin were instru
mental In producing firmness at the opening, and
the subsequent at van cc« were without especial
reference to outside in formation. Rece pis were
167 cars at Chicago. The Northwest nad 1043
cars against 1148 last Friday and 1135 a year ago
Local inspections from store amounted to 46.1 00
b shels. Export clearances were liberal at 421,
-03* bushels. Closing Paris cab eg were 10 to AS
centimes higher for flour, aud unchanged to 10
centimes higher for wtieat. Antwerp' was un
changed and Berlin 2%@3 marks nlcher. Decem
ber wheat, opened from 6iy Bcto8 cto 6114 c, sold be
tween 60%(£60%c and 62c, closing at 6is/ g @
t*l%c. %c ulgtier than yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 275 cars.
COHN— quite agreeable to participating In
the improvement in price Inaugurated by wheat.
Keceipis were 329 cars, and 43t-,454 bushels were
ta»en irom store. Liverpool c»bies were firm and
unchanged. Export clearances were 996.
bushels. May corn open M at 2-«% cto 24»,ic
sold between % J4%c and 261/gc, closing at 24 ?*<■,'
1/4" higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow, SHJ cars.
OATH — Derived benefit from the generally im
proved speculative one of the other markets.
Receipts were 249 cars, and 57,01 3 bushels were
taken from store. May oats closed V c to V«c
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow. 300 cars.
FLAX— Was strong. Cash. 6r5%@67%c: Sep
tember. 66% c asked; December, o:n*7oc: Janu
ary. /3 (a.71c; May. 76c. Keceipt* were 79 curs.
PROVISIONS— Conditions were favorable for
improv-mont in proJuct prices. Jio;s and grain
were higher, and under the circumstances provis
ions could not consistently decline. January pork
closed 2Uc higher, January lard 7%c higher, aud
January ribs 7%c to 10c higher.
BUT lfiß— of butter were large and
demand .ialit to-day. Prices were unchanged
Creameries— Extras, 15c %t Ib: firsts, 13SJ14c;
seconds, loca.l.c; imitations, fancy, 126ft isc.
uainea— Extras, 13c: firsts, ll@ll!c: seconds, 10c
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c; firsts, 8(Jl8%c; packing
stock, 6@7c: grease. 4@sc
EGGS— SoId well auu were firm. Fresh stock.
13Va@14%c T& doz.
Aior.E^— Was b@72 on call and 1% on time
loans. I\ew V orjt exchango Bold at »1 10 dis
count.
• 'lodlntj Price*.
«'HF AT— September. UO%c; December, 61 Va<a
61 Vac; May, esyac.y a c. v
< uk.\- eeplemoer. 2is/ 8 c; December, 22c; May,
24y B e.
c^TS— September. 16y c; December, 16"Vie;
May. 1914 c
iOKA-.-f member, f5 80; October, $5 85; Janu
ary. $c 92y,.
LAV.* — . eptember, *3*&; October, s3 45; Janu
ary. «3 82%.
l.ii.--a»,Henio«r, S3 10; October, fs 12%;
January, *3 42%. ya '
Livestock.
UNIOX STOCKYARDS. ii. T Sept. 18.-The
demand and supply of cattle were moderate.
Good kinds were strong and others steady. Offer-
Ings of, hogs were fair. Good medium were fair
Sheep were dulL Lambs soid at etui, price*
CAITLK — RecetDts. 3000. Fancy beeves.
«4 i U(g.S 00: choice 10 Drime. l«00 to 1700 &> steers
$4 4.'xa.4 8 >: good to choice steers. 1200 10 1600 Ib
*4 Ol'Wi 40; meaium steers. 1000 to 1300 Ib. $380
@3 95: fair beef steers, 960 to IbOO lbs
S3 60 @ 3 75; butcher steers.. S3 10 Ictt 3 50
choice stocker-i and feeders, 900 to 1250 lb, * 3 20
@3bO; fair do. 500 to 875 lb. Jfss 40@3 16; bulls
choice to extra. fa 80<a3 35: bulls, poor 10 choice
SI 75@2 75: cows ana he lfer«. cbolre toextra. *3 60
@3 bO: cows, lair to choice, S2 26^3 40: rows,
common to fair canners. $1 i:6(e,^ 10: calves, good
to choice. 85 75(p:6 00: calves, common to good.
$3 b6(g>s 70; Texas grass steers. S2 35(0 so'
Texas cows and bulls, SI 7502 60; Western can
ning steers, $2 65(a.4; Western range cows ana hi'lf
era, $2 00^3 25. milkers and springers. %1 nead.
(V:U@3B: Western range steers, *2 60@3 85.
BUGS'— Kcceipta. 23.U0a Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. *2 7o(a:i 20: common to choice
mixed, 92 80(a3 2&: choice assorted. S3 20ia
3 25: light. #2 aittA-i .10: pigs. SI 60i»3 25.
*v Kk.tr— i'.ectijus. 12,0ua xiu»Mt 10 choice.
il 50&3; iambs. »3*4. '
CALIFORNIA FitUIT SALK9.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 18.-The Karl Frnlt Corn
pan sold California fruit, to-day as follows:
Bartlett Pears, fl 60r<sl 75. Grapes— Tokay, 92 10
@i 20 •$ cra.e; half crates. Sl@l iO; some in bad
order brought less: Cornichon. 91 55; Malaga
*1 30- Muscat. Si@l 10; Kelsey Japan Plums
$•2; Quinces Si 26; Peaches, o@6sc.
M-.w YORK, N.Y., sept. 18—Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day a* follows-
Plums-Japnn, $2 60 * half crate: Ickworth,
SI 10&1 30 Grape*— l okays. $2 45 »♦ double
crate, and 70c@$i «5 for single; Muica s. 65c@
$1 lb: assorted. »oc@si 20; Black Morocco, $. 5S^
ilalvoi'.e 96c. Pears-Bartle t3t 3 -«i 30@l 70 ■
box. and 80c 9 ball box. Prunes-Silver, 80c »
halt crate. Peaches, 50@76c %i box.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. «. V.. Sept. 18.-R. q. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
There is still no distinct improvement in business,
althcugh condlMons favor it. conndence slowly
rises, speculative buying of materials for future
us" co-itimi"s, imports of eoid do not cease aud
the Bank of England has not tried to check them
by further advance in r:-.tes as the weight of the
demand now falls upon Franc*. But an enormous
busim-8* is held back until ilhe future Is more
Ciear.
outside of the speculative markets the impres
sion grows that certain anil safe revival may not
be expected until November.
In cotton, hides, wool and pigiron buying
openly speculative In character, marks the cur
rent business Kesumptlon of work by a good part
of the Fall HlTer cwton mills and advances In
some kinds of cotton goods helped to raise' the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
price of middling uplands to B%c again, though
realizing sent It down to S%c.
Weakness in stocks was partly due to small earn
ings, st. Paul especially reporting decrease, and
all reports for September thus far decrease 1.6 per
cent from last year ana 13.1 from 1892, re urns
being less favorable for the second than for the
first week. The west-bound movement is light,
especially in dry goods and shoes, but east-bound
tonnage from Chicago has been as large as last
year and 4 per cent larger than in 1892.
The one Industry showing increase of working
force is the co.ton manufacture, restriction of out- :
put having secured more healthy demand for
some goods. Most of the mills have started or are
about to start, though the uncertainty of the cot
ton market embarrasses prices. Prices of staple
goods have advanced so generally that the aver
age of representative quotations is 6.7 percent
higher than in the first week of August. No such
improvement is se n in woolens, but the specula
tive buying of wool, nearly all at Boston, has
raised sales to 17,775.300 pounds for the past
three weeks agilnst 17,133,470 last year and
24,572,400 in 1892.
The iron and steel manufacture is still wanting
for business, with nearly half its producing ca
pacity idle, but hopefulness and the speculative
buying cf pigiron sustain prices. -• ■■.
bales said to amount to 25,000 tons have been
made of Alabama Iron for shipment to England,
but the home demand does not enlarge at all, and
the various associations still hold combination
prices, though the demand is remarkably slender.
Gold Imports continue, over $5,000,000 having
been ordered, making 536.385.000 in all, of which
324,890,000 has arrived. The interior movement
draws off I the money about as fast, as It comes,
$4,650,000 having gone westward this week. The
New Orleans difficulties have passed, but the
Northwest is man lug large drafts. Recent heavy
failures increase the caution of banks, and
while more commercial paper is offered the ruling
rate of 8 per cent greatly retards Increase in busi
ness. Failures for the past week have been 317 In
the United States, against 213 last year, and 32 in
Canada, against 32 last year.
BANK CLEAKINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 18.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
September 17, with comparisons, as telegrapned to
Krai! street's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $507,377,356 19.2
Boston 76,935.215 18.7
Chicago 7H,K31,8X7 9.1
Philadelphia 65,168,105 18.6
St. Louis.- 21,925,997 7.6
Pittsburg _ 12,255,067 29.6
Cincinnati.... P.88M.660 14.0
Baltimore. 13,798.689 11.0
San Francisco „ 15,413,935 3.1
Kansas City 9,767.416 0.2
MUwauKee 4,667,507 20.8
St. Paul 4,0MK,4.i0
Omaha 3.218.601 ltt.6
Denver „ 2,037. 25.3
Salt Lake 1,053,908 25.5
Los Angeles 878.633 23.4
Portland. Or 996,656 6.6
Helena 516,473 31.9
Tacoma 4*6,340 12.1
Seattle 692,481 14.9
bpokane 410.712 14.8
Totals T7. 8......... 8906,208,508 16.5
Outside 01 New YorK
City 398,831,872 14.0
vommos or caxada.
Total $20,109,447 0.5
M.U 1i..,. MOCKS.
Bond*! Exchange, Money and Railroad
• Sham*.
Money on call easier at 5<36%: last loan at 4%
and closing offered at 6%. Prime mercantile paper,
*(diW'i- tar silver, 65% c. Mexican dollars. 50%.
(g*SJ34C. Sterling tlfutim is dull, with actual
business in bankers' bills at *4 81%@4 Sl3i
tor « xty oays, and $4 83^4(^4 84 for demand.
Posted rates. $4 82(54 84%. Commercial bills.
¥4 N)i,4i0.4 HU 4 . Government bonds higher. Stale
bonds dull, Railroad bonds firm. Silver at the
board was steady.
exo^nro urocit*
Am Tel * Cable.... 87 I Norfolk * Westm. ' 8%
Atchison 11% Preferred. 12^
Preferred 17Vsl Northern Pacific... 11%
Adams Express... .l 42 Preferred. 19
Alton. Terre Haute 05 Northwestern &8%
American ExpresslO7 Preferred 140
AmerlcanTooacco. 61% N. Y. Central 91%
Preferred.... 95 N.Y.,Chicago<ts.U 9%
Pay State Gas 16 let preferred 66'
Baltimore A Ohio.. 13% Yd preferred 25%
Brunswick Lands.. UN. Y.&N. 16<
buffalo, Roch AP. 17 N. Y. A New Eng. 20
Canada Pacific 57% N. V., Susq <fc W... 7%
Canada Southern.. 44 ! Preferred. 21
Canton Land 60y 8 Ontario 10
Central Pact I:-: 1 4 Ontario A Western 12%
Ches. A Ohio i 33 8 Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago Alton 164 I preferred —
Preferred 165 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago. 15. A a... 66 Oregon Short Line. 10
Chicago &E. 111... 38% Pacific Mall.. ... in 14
Preferred. .'. *9 Peoria, D. A Evans 13,4
CblcagoGas 6.'% Pittsburgh W. pfd 18
CleveA Pittsbnrg..lss Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142
Consolidation CoaL 31 'Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Ua5..144%! Preferred. 15
C. C. C. *SL Louis 24% Reading „ 16s/«
Preferred. 72 KloGrandeAWestn 15
Colo. 1 uel A iron. . 37% Preferred 40
Preferred 90 Kock Island 69
Cotton OH Cert .... 12 Home Wat&Ogdeo-100
Commercial Cable. J2.«> ft. L. A S. W »*<»
Dei. Hudson 119 Preferred... BV4
Del.LackAWestrn. 152 St. Paul 70y*
Denver A R. 0 11 Preferred. l'-6%
Preferred. 41 6t. Paul A Duluth. 16
Distillers Preferred. 76
General Electric. 27 St. Paul A Omaha. 36%
Erie.: 12% Preferred. 115
Preferrea 29 SL P. M. A M 103
Fort Wayne. 145 silver Certificates. 65%
real Northern ptdll2 Southern Pad n0... 15%
Green Bay % Southern 1L It 7
Harlem 300 Preferred. 21
Hocking Coal Sugar Refinery ....112 y 8
Hocking Valley.... 13 Preferred. 99%
Jlomtsiake. 34 I Term. Coal A Iron. -0
H. <fc Texas Cent... Preferred. 90
Illinois Central..... Bb% Texas Pacific t>V*
lowa Central P% 1 oI.A.A.AN.Mich.—
PrefeiTea 26 To!. A Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas A Texas... 10 Preferred. 50
Preferred 21% Tol.Su Louis* K.C. b
Kincsion& Pern... 3 I Preferred. 15
Lake Erie <& Westn 14% Union Pacine - 5%
Preferred 63% U. P. Den A Gulf.. l*Vs
Lake Shore 143 1 1:. b. Cordage 35/8
National Lead 2.1/ ii Preferred 714
Preferred «2V* Guaranteed ...... 14%
Lone Island 68 IMS. Express 85
Louisville A Nash. 40y A ' l .H. Leather 714
Louisville NaACa 2 1 Preferred fiO%
Preferred. 6 Vat. a Rubber....... 17
Manhattan Consol. fesV* Preferred. ... 71
Memphis A CUar.s. 16 Itlca AB. River.. 150
Mexican Central... X V\ ab. a. 1. A Pao.. 6%
Mlchiga. Central.. 87 Preferred. 13Vs
JiinndtS. L. — Wells-Fargo. .... UO
Preferred Western Union.... »jO%
•Mine A. St. Lcom. 14 Wisconsin Central. 2
Jst preferred 65 Wheeling AL. X.. 6Vs
2dpreferred 38 Preferred 28%
Missonrl Paclfla... 18 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 46
Mobile A Ohio 16 W. U. Beef «%
Nashville A Chatt. b7% Ann Arbor 6%
National Linseed.. 13% Preferred. 18%
N. J. Central....... 1001/4 Brooklyn Traction. 10%
ivorui A-Bibncan...- 41/4 Krie 2a pto. ltf%
O r«iss boxdi.
Ala Class a4s 101 Northern Pac lsU. 11 4
DoClasi B 4, 55.. 101 Do2ds ll'-^A
Alabama. v.u.n O. 90 DoSds. . 66
Atcnison 48 75 Do consol"^""'. 44
Do -ids A 33 Oimprovement Ist 73
Cati*daMouih2ds..lol ,1>055.. .. 10
Leu Pac 1 sis of '95. 98 CH<& N ists. " 108 i/ 8
Cherokee 4s. 1896. ].o 2<n«ol £>s «a
I>° 3897 10 Or Short Line 65. ..104
\>o 1898 ..10J | Docons6s BO
Do 1899 100 racjfloisof "97....
Hies « otiio 05....104 llhila* eading 4s. 74
cii&N lr Rcis6s 39 | Do Ist pfd Incam. 83
I) C 8-65* 109 >4| P. Grande West 1 sis 68
Den 4 p. v Ist JlOVs StL&lronMtGen Ss 70
...J? 040 4 . 8 ; 87 bt L<t 8 F Uen 6s. 102
t-r\f •- 67% fct Paul Consols.... 1 2
it\\&DenCltylsts 48 Ht PC& Pa 15t5... 113
°. * ,A(>l, A(>l 101 co Carolina 4?A5... 95
Do2d7s it:o boDlhern RK 65. .. 83%
?T*£' ' Del >l»"- 85% ! Do Pac Cal Ist*. 110
HA Tex Cent 65..107 Term new 35....... 70
- u«conßs.u «conBs. 91 Texas Pacific Ins. 78%
lowaCenral Ists.. 91% Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16
Kansas Pa Consols B0y 8 Union J'ac Ists Ua. lOlis/g
t *^ M i« la ell ,i lva 08 I. B4s re«r or 1^a5.116V4
La Consol 4s 90 Uo4s, coupon... .llsV*
SUShour, finding... C P 40. rf>r of 1907.106
Do 4d " '■• ••• 6:1 Co 48. c0up0n.... 107%
■ Do 4s.. 1 79 I'o 2s 92%
Jlobile Ohio 4s.'; 6) % Do '.'.!"'.'". "l 10 V*
Mntual Union «a...10«V4l i o»s. conpon. ...HO
£ vV*!! 1 . en 5^...112% V« funding deot... 66%
v ££**■ Louis 4slol Jo registered.....
lsor4We»tUen 65. 115 I'O deferred 6... 6
Carolina con 4s ~ 95 Do trust repw se. ' 4
KDo«»-.K Do «»-. 110 AVabasn Ist 103
So h Jeb 80?.8 0 ?. n .^igl ya , Weal Blloreta -- 1U27
J'OKEIGN MARKETS.
■WHTtAT IN LIVKBPOOU
LIVERPOOL. Ess.. Sept. 18.— The spot market
L S «. h i g^f, 1L £ Bd@ss 9Vad - 80«» firmer »t
/Ms «, October-November shipment.
r-VTVRxn.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter- seo
i«sl. • r f, 68 * V * d: Octob er. 6s 4V 2 d; NovemberTos
| 484 d; December, 6s sd; January, 6s 6V*d- *
BKCCBITIKS.
I , o^ o ? 1 Exa.,B«j)t. 18 -Consols, 110; silver.
30 7-16 d: French Kentes, 102176 c. ! ■" / '
_ EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days.. — *4 83
Sterling Kxchange, alaht _ f | a<\
Sterling Cables.... .... ....."" _ 4§7
New York Exchange, sight "..*. _ 10
New Vurk Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, %» ounce — «67A
Mexican Dollars ' ... 51 J,':
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT-The Blythewood takes for Cork 52,
-469ctls, valued at 854,000.
The market continues to advance, both on and
27 nn C L , Na *' »B%'-'@Bl »IV4 * ctl; choice,
CALL HOARD BALKS.
Ixformat. skssion— 9:ls December—
2000 81 0334:22,000, fl 04. <-»™«»er
• HBOOITD ', '■K BBlOll — l>eccmber — 10,000 ctls,
f 1 0.:%. May- 2000. 81 07Va-
Heuii.ak Mobsinu session— December— 2ooo
"Is. $1 O3V4i; 2000, 81 0.1%; 24,00(», 81 03**-
ISSS: «i o«& ; 400 ° $1 ° 4 ' ■* *- »>. «i ObvJ:
Afikbxoos Sebsiok — December— 6000 ctls.
SI 04 V«: 2000, 81 04V4: 2000, «1 048/,; 10 000
81 01%; 4000, »1 043 A; 400-), *1 04$. May
-2000, $1 088/ 8 ; 8000, $1 08ViI 2000, $1 08%;
BAULKY- Xo change to report We quote Feed,
67y 2 @6iy4c fl ctl- choice bripht, 62Jy$s@65c $ ctl:
Brewing. 72Vii@77^c %i cU: Chevalier, 90c(<jt$l
for .No. 1.
CALL BOARD BALKS-
Ikfobhal Sessiox— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
SKCoxn Session— No sales.
Reouub Mokxino rjkssion— December— 2ooo
Ctls, 6sy 4 c; 4000. 68U»c.
aktkkkook Sksuion— No sales.
OATS-The market la reported quiet. Black,
for feed, are quotable at 70@80c W ctl: Miiling,
87y 3 fe92y,c V ctl- fancy feed, 9'2^@9sc: good
to choice, 85(5,92y 2 c: common to fair, 75080 c:
Gray, 86©87i|c: Surprise. 96c@$l 02y 2 .
CORN— is very dull, and still lower prices do not
tempt buyers. Large Y r ellow. 80<g»h2VBC; Small
Round do, 85c » cv : White, 7t»@7sc
RYE— 7o@72^ic ~# ctl for old and 62%@65c tor
new.
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal at 85@95c * ca
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40®
3 60; superfine $2 75@3.
COKSMEAL, ETC.- Feed Cora $19@19 60;
Cracked Corn. $19 sO@'.'O » ton.
MILLSTUFF —Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, *2 10;
Rye Hour, 92 60- Rice flour, $5 76; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra creanj do, $2 75: oatmeal, $2 90; Oat
i.roats, $3 50: Hoinlnv. S3 10®3 30: Buckwheat
Flour. $3 10(a3 30- Cracted Wheat. $2 75: Fa
rina, $3 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30: Rolled
Oats, $3 50; Pearl Barley, #3 50; «pIU P«a», $3 20;
Green do, $4 10 * 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF 9.
BRAN— $12(^12 30 for the best and $11@11 60
X* ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— «16 ft ton for lower grades, and
$16@18 * ton for the best.
FEEDBTUFFB— Rolled Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 » ton: lobbing, $22; clipped
Oats. 97J^c@$l 05 *etl.
HAY— Over 1200 tons came in. The market can
not Impro.e while these heavy receipts continue
Wheat, $7@9: Wheat and cat. f6@B 50: Oat. *&($
7: Barley, if 6®?; liver Barley, $4 50@5: Alfalfa,
$5 bO(g,ti 60 ior second and $4 60@5 for first cut
ting: compressed $6@9; stock. $4(05; Clover, 6(0
7 50 ~H ton.
STRAW-80@36c * bale.
BEANS A.YD SEED*.
BEANS— Large Whites continue to move off
briskly on contracts. Other kinds are dull. Bayos
95c(a>»l 15; Small Whites, 85c(#Sl 10; Pea. 95c
<asl 16 * ctl; Large Whites, 80@90c $ ctl; Pink,
75<j»r 5c V ctl: Reds, *I@l 10 * ctl; Blackeye,
SI 25: Red Kianey, $1.a.l 10: Limas, $1 5019
1 77%: Butters, $1 25«ai*40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. f2 65®2 65; Yellow
Mustard, fl 25@1 60; Flax, fl 25; Canary. 2V4
@234 c * Ib; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2y a c: Hemp,
3%C ft tt>. ,
■ DKIKD PEAS— lO@l 40 *cU for NUes and
8 1 25&1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Very weak. Sweet Potatoes are
quotable at 87%c@31 12% 9 ctl; Garnet Cnlles,
40@50c IU cU: Early Rose, 25@35 * sack: Bur
bank Seedlings, 25(a;cS5c V sack for Rivers and 50
@85c for Salinas.
ONIONS— 2S@3Oc sack; Pickles, 60c ft sack.
VEGETABLES— All kinds are In good supply.
Marrowfat Squash Is quotable at fs@7 50 V ton;
Green Corn, 3&@t}sc ~fi sack: Alameda Corn, 60c
C*sl * crate; Berkeley Corn. 40@50c ft box: Sum
mer Squash, 15(g25c f' box for Bay; Egg Plant,
25@40c: Tomatoes. lb(<pMc; Alameda Cucumbers,
- .:o.a;.isc; Pickles, 50@65c * box lor No 1 and 26®
DOc ft ctl for Mo. •_'; Green Peppers, 25@3Jc «i
large box for Chile and 25@30c for Bell: Green
Peas. 60@75c '{> sack for common and 2c 1H Ib for
Garden; string Beans, 50(a.75c t». sack for com
mon and l%@2c^ Ib lor garden; Limas. 50@76c
?* sack; Green Okra, 40050 cf» box; Dried Ok ra.
12% c%* tt>; Cabbage, 40c fl ctl; Carrots, 25@30c
fisack; Garlic, :<a.i»4c * Ib.
BCITEH, CHEIi>E AND £GOg.
BUTTER— Is depressed, still tending downward.
Crka m kb y— Fancy, 23(g25c %l Ib; seconds, 22®
22y 2 c^lt,. w
Dairy— Fancy, 2l@'J2c: good to choice, 19@
20c; lower grad-s, 12%@17V.c «) Ib.
Pickled— l."@l7c f> it». "~
Firkin — 14(g<liic f. Ib.
CHEI>E — Chcice mild new, B%@9c: common to
good old, 6@Bc V Ib. Cream Cneddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 9®loc; Western, 10@llc: East
ern, ll@l3c IS Ib.
EGO»— Eastern are quoted firmer. No other
changes. Oregon, 10@13c t* do/.; Eastern, 15®
18c tor fair to choice and 1 9@2oc for fancy: store
Eggs, 12@14c tor ordinary and 15@17%c for good;
ranch Eggs, 22%@29c; cold storage ranch, 17©
18c; Duck Eggs, Iticgil 7 9 doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Stocks are ample for all current
needs. ■ . ■
Live Turkeys am quotable at 13516 cV! Ib for
Gobbler*. 12@14c V Ib for ens: Geese, ?* pair,
8 @1 26; Goslings, 81 25@1 50; Ducks, 82 50@3
doz for old and S3 50(a4 60 for young; Hens,
S4@4 50: Roosters, young, 83 50@4 60 It doz: do,
old, *4@4 60: Fryers, Sa 75(g>3: Broilers, $2 50@
3 for large and $'J@2 50 (or small; Pigeon*,
SI 75 t dozen tor young aud $1 60&S1 76 for old.
GAME— NomiuaL V£o= " ■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
The market Is dull and unchanged.
Quinces. 3.'.'a.50c t* box.
Peaches, 'JO.a.'.Uc %\ box for ordinary and 60@65c
for Mountain free.
Plums, 25(940c « box: Prunes, 35@50c
Pomegrxnau-s. 76c f» box.
Apples, 65c@$l fk box for choice and 26850 c
for common.
Pears, So(ssoc fl box; Bartletts, 75c@fl V Urge
box.
Figs, 26ia,35c ft box for white aud 25©6 ac for
black.
BERRIKS—
strawberries, f( chest for Longworths and
$2 &U@4 for large berries. ■ ■ • ■
Raspberries. >2 :.(:<;tj4 ft chest.
Black ben ies. $2®4 ft chest. - r—---
Huckleberries, lOf^llc 1 Ib.
Cranberries from Wisconsin, $9 50; Cape Cod are
quoted at $10 9 bbl.
< GKAPEs— Seedless. 25@35c: Isabellas. 60@86c
13 crate: Tokays, 30@5Uc ft box: Black Grapes,
26f$40c "r\ box: Muscats. 25@<10c: Sweetwatcrs
and Fontalnebleaux, 15@35c ft box; Grapes in
crates bring 6(<iiloc more than in boxes.
Zinfandel Vine (.rapes. S-0@25 ft ton.
MKL<>NS- Watermelons, $l'@B V 100: Canta
loupes. 50@S5c ♦ crate: >*utmegs. 25@40c f» box.
CITRUS FRUIT«— Oranges are hardly worth
quoting. Lemons, 75c@$l 50 ft dox for common
»nd (2 60;a3 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$5(a.6 V- box; Caliiornta Limes. : Bananas, SI
(g.2 V- buticu; Pineapples. $2@3 60 ft doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS. NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Peaches, Prunes and Apricots are firm but un
changed.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Loth— Apricots. 6@Bc f* Ib for Royals
and 9(g.10c f Ib for choice to fnncy Moorparks;
Prunes 8c i* Jb: leaches, 3@4c »i Ib for prime to
choice, 6%c for fancy and P@loc for peeled In
boxes: Apples, 6c for evaporated and 2@2%cfor
»un-dneil ; Pears, 1 i- @3c lor prime to choice. 2@3c
for quarters and 4(asc for halves; Plums. for pit
ted and I%®2c for unpkted: Nectarines. 3@4c
for choice ana Ac for fancy ; white Figs, Sc; black
Figs, 2V*@2%c.
Jobbing Price*— New Peaches. 4Vi@s%c f!
Ib: fancy, 7c ?i tb; new Apricots, 6@7c $ Ib:
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, 10@llc: new evaporated
Apples, tic; sun-dried. 3c; Prunes, 3c for the tour
si ips : new Figs, black. 2%c for eased >nd
S@)3% for pressed: white 1 -Us, 4c; Plums, Be for
pitted and l%c for unpltted; new Nectarines. 4
(&5c %i Ib for prime to fancy; Pears. 2%@3c for
whole, 2%®3%c for quarters and 4@ftc for halves.
JtA MI ,\ JS —
« ari. ad Pkic. F. O. B. FREBBTO— Four-Crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown, 31,4 c; 2-crown, 2S/ic; Seedlcis
Sultanas, 4c; Heedless Muscatels. 2%c; 8-crown
London layers, SI 10: clusters, SI 35; Dehesa
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
Grapes, 244 c 9 Ib.
Joßiiixii Pitii-Ks— Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, 33/ic^ ib; 2-crown. Hc.fi Ib; seedless Sul
tanas, &<• %j Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, $160: Dehesa clus
ters, 82 50: Imperial cluster*, 2 60.
KUTS— Quo.ations are as tallows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c "& Ib for Langnedoc,
I? tb for hardshell and 9@loc "^ Ib for paper
she!!, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@tic fy lor Eastern and
4c for California: Hickory Nuts, 6®6c $ Ib;
Pecans, 7 Wo.*r. • Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc f» if,; Cocoanuts, $4@5 %4 100.
HONEY— comb, 10@12%c for bright and B@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4y 2 8 /4 c; dark amber, 4@
4i^c; aark. 2@3c V rb.
ilEESsWA^26@27c^tb.
PROVISIONS.
The market Is In good shape,
CURED MEATB— Bacon, Bi^e ? ft for heavy.
7** c V ft, for light medium. 9@9V^c $ tt>
for light, 10@llc for extra Hunt and 12c for sugar
curcd; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; !
California Hums. lUAllc ** a,; Mess Beef. $7@B: |
extra mess do, $8 50(0.9; family do. $10@ll: extra
prime Pork, $B@S6O; extra clear, 913 ? bbl-.
mess. $11 50@12 $ bol; .-moked Beef, 10c * Ib. ■ .
LARD- Eastern tierces Is quoted at 4Vie V tb
for compouna and 61,4 c for pure; palls, tic %) tt>;
California tierces, 4 Vac for compound and 6y 3 c tor
pure; haif-bbls, 6^c; 10-2) tins, ti^c: do 5-tt>.
b^4;c t* ib. «T7Tm^MJnnfiyawj« **" <pwwi(
< oil uLENE-6y B@6%c8 @6%c In balt-bbls and 6%@
'Vs «* Ib in 10-15 tins.
HIUISS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlN*— Heavy salted steers 6^c;
cull sand brands, 6V a c: medium, 5%@60j culls and
.brands, 4^®6c $ Ib: light, 4@4%c: culls and
branns. 3Va©4c; Cowhides, 4@sc: culls and brands,
3ya@4V2C: snlten Kip, Be: salted Calf. 6@7c Ib:
suited Veal. 5<36c; dry Hides. 9@loc: culls and
brarius. 7@7^c; dry Kip and Veal, 8c: culls, 6®
7c # Ib; dry calf, 16c; culls, 10c: Goatskins. 20©
j|ne each: Kids. be: Deerskins, go< a summer,
*.0(a.25c * Ib; medium, 15® Oo; winter. 7@9c;
Bheepnicins. shearings. lO&lSc each: short wool,
rOfptdscoucn;r Ofptdscoucn; medium, 40«S0ceach: lon wools,
50©ti0 each. Culls of all kinds about i/jo less.
l A I,l,'iW-No. 1. rendered, 15Wj@3c: • \o. 2,
2@2Vic: refined. 4%@5c: Ureas*, iy a c y Ib.
WOOL— New San .loaquln Fall, i!Vi.@4c ■$ Ib.
™c quote Spring clip: Humboldl and Mendoclno, I
JO® lie: Nevada, 6@BV->c: San Joaqutn and South
ern Coast, six ■ months. "8y 3@sc:3 @sc: northern free de
fective, 4V 2 @5V a c » Ib.
HOPS-Are nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 12%@4 20:
San Quentlu, $4 20; Wool Bags. 24%@26%c
COAL— Wellington, $8 %i ton: New Wellington,
$8 9 ton: Southfield Wellington. $7 50 9 ton;
Seattle, S6@s 60: Bryan., 85: coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, *7: Scotch, $7 50; BrymbO, 87 60;
Cumoerland, $13 60 %i ton In bulk and $16 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11 ton; Welsh
anthracite, $9; Can uel. $7 50: lock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
Si:@l2 In bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
RICE-Chinese mixed, $3 05@3 30; No. 1, $3 90
@4 ■». ctl; extra No. 1, 84 -6@4 40: Hawaiian,
#3 60@3 62%: Japan, $3 68tU **'. Rangoon, in
< 100- lb bags. $3 10.
COFFEE— U. E. Bickford's circular says: "Busi
ness moves sluggishly, the light demand from the
interior md sposing jobbers to buy more than is
necessary for immediate use. Generally speaking
the situation remains unaltered, a though slight
changes are made in the Quotations for Costa Rica
and the lower grades of Guatemala, both of which
are : easier. Choice washed Guatemalas are en-,
tirely exhausted. The best quality obtainable.
strictly goo.l, continues to find an Eastern outlet
at full figures, and the supply of shipping styles Is
rat Idly diminishing. Salvadors are beginning to
show more steadiness, partly owing to the gradual
concentration of stock into fewer hands and also
to the fact of recently meeting some Inquiry for
overland shipment with sales of 31» bags within
the range of our - quotations. The inauguration
since our last issue of tare allowance on all Coffees
sold in this market has added nominally but not
actually to the price of this description, and some ■
others, which ate apparently quo ed higher than
before. ; Grades running from lair downward have
not shared In this apparent appreciation, owing to
their weak position. Brazil Coffees in New York
close yy 8 c better on cables from Ka-itos report
arougu. In that province. To-day's stock is 1931
Costa Rica, 193 Nicaragua. 11,038 Salvador, 9975
Guatemala and 263 Mexican— in all 23,400 bags,
against 15,461 game time last year." We quote
Biorket quiet: „
» Costa Rica— l7%@l9%c for good to prime: 17@
17% c for good mixed with black beans: 15y 2
162*0 for fair; 12(514%c for common toordl ary.
Salvador— l7s,4"@l9c forgood to nrime washed:
17®17%c V Ib for fair washed: 19<a20c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 15%@ltf%c for su
perior unwashed: 16V4@15 3 /(»c for good unwashed;
16%@17%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala- and Mexican— 2oVi©'!o%c nom.
for prime to strictly prime washed: 19@2uV4c for
good to strictly good washed; 16@18c for fair
| washed; 14@15%c for medium; 12@13%c for
ordinary; b(<j(liy 3 c for Inferior to common; 20
@-o%c for good to prime washed peaberry: 17®
17% c for good to urime unwashed peaberry.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5 %c;
Powdered, 6S/ 8 c; Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c; confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A,
8 c: Extra C, 4 Vic: GoidenC, 4vV>: half barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes % c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are a fraction weaker again. Wholesale
rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are as
follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do, 4@
4V 2 c: .third co, 3%c %i lb.
v EAL— Large, 4<g>sc; small, s@6c 9 Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 4@4y 3 c
HIS ■
LAMB— ft Ib.
PORK— Live lions. 2%@25/ « 9ft for large and
23/4.@2%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
@6c ft U).
.KECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sits 17.994 Cheese, ctls 197
Wheat, otls 91,4 74 Eggs, doz 11,730
Oregon 2.050 Hides, no 1,917
Barley, ct15...... 62,036 Pelts, bd15....... 316
Beans. sks .6112 Wine, gals 33,46t)
Oats, ctls 6,695 Wool, bis 61
Potatoes, sks.... 4,(528 Sugar, bbls 1.947
Onions, sks 7XO Lumber. M feet.. ; HO
Bran, sks...' 2,667 ! Leather, rolls.... 176
Middlings, sks... 1,162 Lime, bbls 220
Hay, tons 1,208 Hops, bis 233
Straw, t0n5...... 25 Qutcksilver.flsks US
Butter, ctls 143 Tallow, ctls. 50
i 0
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is lower and bids fair to be still chuaper.
Cheese and Eggs are unchanged.
Meats, Poultry and Fish s II at the usual prices.
Fruits ami V -tables are plentiful and cheap.
Following is Tub Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
OOAti— FSR TOUT.
Cannel — @ V6O FleasantVal 960@1000
Wellington. — fe.lo 00 Sotithfleld
New Wei- i Wellington — @ 950
lington.... —@10 00 Scotch <§> 950
Seattle 7 OoS 750 Coos Bay... 06O® —
Castle Gate. 9 60@10 00 [
HA IKY PRODHCK. KTC.
Butter, fancy, V- Cheese, Cat 10@12
square .">oftf.ss 1 Cheese, Eastern. 15@20
do, %>. roll 50fa» — Cheese, Swiss... 20<a30
do. choice ....40<»45 ; Common Eggs 15@'-0
Ordlnaryao — fd);<s RanchEggsjldz... 2s(33o
Pickled roll 3<)@35 Uoney.comb. •sH>.l2(#ls
Firkla —(§3O do, extracted.... B<S>l2
MEATS-PUB POITNtV
Bacon.. ..12®17 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beer, choice 12<ai5 Pork, 5a1t..... 10@12
do, good B@lo Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef. B@— Round Steak B@>lo
Ham. Ca1.:..-....12%@)15 Sirloin Steak.. .12 V 2 —
do. Eastern. 15®60| Porterhouse, do. . 17@20
Lard „ 12®15 Smoked Beef — Sls
Mutton t>ism Porlt Sausages — —#20
Lamb.. 10(S»— I Veal 10®15
POntTBY AND OAKK.
Hens. each .... 4O(fl) 60 Turkeys, * lb.. 16« 18
Young Hoost- - Ducks, each... 3.^® 65
•■rs, eacn 50® 65 Geese, each 76f«] 00
Old Roosters, Pigeons, $ pr.. 40f<0 60
each.:..: 60® 60 Rabbits, ii* pr.. 86<g) 40
Fryers, each... 40@ —Hare, eacn..... Itxa 20
Broilers, each.. ,25® 351
FKUITS AVI) NUTS.
Almonds, V &>.... .l2<ais|Oranges, 9 dos 153135
Apples. V* Ib 4(3) 5 Pears, Ib Ma, 5
Bananas, '? doz. . .15(0.20. Peaches. %» Ib i(a> 8
Blackberries, drwr2s(i Oil'uims, ft Ib 4® 5
Canta'cuDes, each. Raisins, 1* Ib. 5(c015
Cocoanuts, each...lO(a»l2Raspb>rries, drwr.2s®:io
Figs, •t Ib 8(i . 0 straw Dcrrles,
Grapes. '? lb 4© 6 1* drawer 20@35
Lemons, %i d0z.... 25@30, Walnuts, «* Ib 15(g> —
Limes, "|4 doz 15® — 'Watermelons, echlU@2o
 VKiir.TAßi.ra.
Artlcholces,T?doj!..!*OfaiO Lettuce, "ft doz 153320
Beets, ?> doz 12@15 Mr"fat Squash. It, B@lo
Beans, white ?*1b.2%(& 5 Green Okra, %i tb.. 6(& 8
Colored, » tb.. .2%® 6 Dried Okra. %1 !b..2l'^ —
Lima, 1* Ib 4© 6, Onions, ?! Ib 4Cm !»
Cabbage, each 6teloi Peppers, green,^pib 6(a\ 8
Cauliflowers, each. 5*5 8 Parsnips, "$ aoz. ...15(a)20
Celery, Tfi bunch... 6© — Potatoes, j» Ib 2(5 3
CreßS.i»dzbunchs. 2O(a/25 Kadlshes.'Hdzbctis.
Cucumber, ■** doz. h(g»l( Sage, i* ib ..25(^35
Egsr Plant. "tf tb... f>«a bSmer Squash, V Ib 4® 5
Garlic, i» Vb 6® - String Beans, 9 B 4foj ft
Green Peas, » Ib.. 4® b Thyme, fi ft. 20®30
Gr.-e •, Corn, 'j, dozlO(aj.O|Turnlps, 3 d0z.. ..15(520
Lentils, * Ib. 6& Tomatoes, t»o>-..- 3® 5
FISH — PKE POUXD.
Barracuda ; lOol2|Shad.. . .. — (a —
Carp......... —& -Sea Bass. ...'.. B®lo
Codfish — <ftls;Smelta. l.":@ —
Flounders 10to — Soles. 10(a)12
Halibut 6fia BSkates.each 10@12
Herring — @ — .Sturgeon — iair>
Klngflsh ........... -tol -.Tomcod 12® —
Mackerel 10<d)12JClams, ? gal .. . — @15
do. Horse. 10®— 'Do. hardshell, »
Perch « lfXcH- 100 600 —
Pomtjano. S6'&so Crabs, each .12«u15
R0ckf15h...........1(@— Do. softshell, 9dz.25@35
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® — Mussels, "# qrt 10©15
Salmon, fresh —A — [Oysters, Cal,* 100.40® —
Shrimps ........... B^loiDo, Eastern,,^ dz.25®40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Apathy still . prevails In the stock market and ,
prices show no change worthy of note.
, BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
BEQDLAB iIORXIXH SKBSln\, COUMOCIVO 9:30.
100 Belcher. ..53 150 Choir. ..2.4U 80J PototL.LOO
150 Bodie bO ISO 2.46 .00 Bay 65
1100 J-.01M0U..2 H*N...1.50 100 S n'v"""'.7s
•^OO 8u1wer...45 10J i.xun. ...57 100 Union 43
100 Cha11n5r...45!200 Occldtl_..6l ZOii V J»cki...32
■ AtTXBNOON SKSSION'— 2 :30.
100 81cber.....b5 800 Chllar.. .2.35 100 Potosl 98
50 >'• &Ji... 1.00 100 Conn ...1.35 60 " '97
• 50 Benton ...15 50 C P0int,.. 62 200 Savae""*67
4CO liiHiiß 56 150 Mex......67 100 S "76
700 8u11i0n... .20 100 Mono 18 100 ... "76
100 8u1wer....44 660 Occidtu. V! 00 YJao^tiV.33
100 4 4 100 Opnlr... 1.00 300 34
Following were ' the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
KEOI'LAR SESSION— IO:3O.
300 Alpha ...17|20U Chalfge...4&loo Occd. 50
200 Alta. 07 300 Ch0ir..; 2.401400 ... . 51
1000 Andes. .. 4()0 CCV .1.821 -.'oo *62
600 Blcbr st< 160 Conn..... is^s'3so Ophlr . I.OU
600 ..... ......652J0 C Polnt_..{>o 200 Overman 15
20J E<feß.... 1.00 200 >....61 200 Potosl 1.00
400 .I.O2ViUOI) 6^1500 ...... 1.02%
100 Bodie. 62 Jr4,400 53i300 . . 105
200 .......... .61 100 Exchqr....O6 7no Save .'. .67
400 ....60 300 U«tO. .._SB 400 .. .. 66
1200 bu11i0n.. 20 501) Hd:JN...1.55 400 SB<fcM. 09
luu 8u1wer....46000 Justice . . .o6lßoo s»v.. ' ' 76
500 47i'J00 Kentck....o7 600 Union.. "43
<SOO Caled.... li|4oU Alex... 67 40«J V Jc*1...'.38
AFTERKOOW SESSION— 2:30.
200 Alpha.^..l7 46j Ch0ir.. . 2.40,300 Mxcn.... 67
300 Andes 31 100.... 23a .'OO . 65
! 400 Belcner....us 200 2.36400 Oood.. 61
| 200 400 ...2.3t'1!00 ....... '48
200 63 1000 C Imp.. .US Ophlr. 100
240 8&8.1.t)2Vs 1000 03 SOU 0vrmn....15
500 ....1.00 300 C P0int....52 350 Potoii..l.oo
100 ........ 9« .'OO 61 400 .....96
200 Bodie 57 2.(0 O <fc C...56 400 bar. 66
•JOJ 8u11i0n.... 600 ..51 1500 . 64
200 19 100 .....55 200 8NT......77
600 8u1wer...44 150 H.ta...1.6h JOO . . 75
200 Chains.. ..4s 1400 L SO 300 Union C.42
100 43 .'OO Julia 07 20U Utan 08
30J CCV.I.B2Va 10U Mono 31 400 X JaOkM..^3
400 ......... 1.&0 ■■
•'. ■ .: CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
- . FRIDAY, Sept. 18-4 p. it . ;
SIAAt/ced. Jitti.Askr.<l.
Alpha Con. ... 16 17 Jackson ..." 26 40
Alta. 07 OS'julla .. — 08
Andes. .....30 32 Justice..' 04 06
Belcher 62 63 Kentuck. 06 07
Best & Belcher . ; 98 . 99 ! Lady Wash.. .. 02 04
Benton C0n.... 15 —Mexican". 64 65
Bodie — 66 M0n0... 17 19
Bullion 18 19 Nevada Queen. — 04
8u1wer.. ....... 40 Occidental..... 48 49
Caledonia. 11 12 ophir 97 98
Chollar... 2.25 2.30 Overman. 15 16
Con.Cal«ftVa...l.7s 1.81 roiosl. 98 99
Challenge Con. 43 : 44, 5avage......... 64 65
I Con. Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion „ — 08
Confidence 1.30 1.85 seg. Belcher... 08 09
Con New York — 05 Syndicate ..... 03 —
Crown Point... 60 61 silver Hi 11.... 02 03
EastSierraNev —■. 04 sierra Nevada, 73 74
turelca Con ... 25 - Union C0n..... — : 42
Kxcheauer.... 04. 06 Utah... 08 C 9
Gouia & Curry. 53 65 Yellow Jactcot. 32 S3
Hals AKOrcxa.l.6o 1.65
GOLD MIXING EXOHAVOB.
Champion M . .100 Lockwood Con. 27
8id.....; ;........... 17 00 Asked Princess..... 72
Asked 22 60 Savannah
Edna Asked..... 48
Asked.. _ 35 Thorpe
Grant. : Bid 60
Bid 12Asked - 85
As«ed 20 100 Bodie 60
Keystone. 100 Chollar 2 45
Bid 6500 £0  250
Kennedy....... 60 Con Virginia... 185
Eld 5 50160Potosi 100
Asked 600 100 Savage - 66
300 Lockwood Con.. 28
LOCAL, SKCUBITIESL
Bid Spring Valley Water _ 9700
Bid San Francisco Gas 91 60
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Sept. 18-3 P. K.
' UNITED STATES BONDS.
Sid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
U8 45e0np..108% - US re*... - 107%
Do new issuel!s — * |
JiiM kllaN Knri nnvn.
Cai-stCbleSs. 1093/ — Pacßoll Ml* — : —" ;-
Cal ElecL6sll9 — Do 2d Is 65... — —
CntraCWSs — 94 PdtOßrßs. — 315
Dpnt-stex-CD — 973/ 2 P&Ch Ry — 107%
tdsnL4P6sll9 - Pwl-st RRBvllO%ll3
F&CHRK6S. — 107 Reno, Wl^feL — 105
Geary-stßss. — 107% tacto P& L. — 102%
l.osAngL6s. - 100 !M-<fcNPR5s. 98 9a%
DoGnteed6i 95 100 SPRRAriz63 93 97
Mk^stCbleßsllß34l•- > O bPRRCaIoi. — 110%
DoßyConSs.. 101^102^ SPRRCaISs. — —
NatVln6alst 96 — SPBrRCaIBs. — 99
NevCNgß7s. 94 — SVWater6s.. 116%11734
NP C RR6s. - 106 SVWateria.. 97% 973/*
"NRyCaies. 99% - StktnG&E6s — 102%
NBy Cal ss. - 100 6unstT&T6s. — —
Oak Gas 55.. 100 — Sutter-stßsi 107% —
Do 2d la 65..100% — VUaU»WCO4 — —
bninibiu bd.117%118%
»< ATt.lt STOCKS.
Contra Costa 32% 40 |Ban Jose — —
Mart C 0.... bO 63 |Sprng Valley 97 B7Y*
' rA P STOCKS.
Capital....... 17% 30 I Pacific Llzht 48 —
Central . 95 - San Francsco 92% 92%
UaiiUL&H. 51% 52% tjtoclttoa..... — ZQ
PacUaslmp. 83 85 |
INSURANCE STOCK*
Flreman'sFdlss — |Sun. 25 60
COMIIKKCIAL, HANK STO"KI
AmerBATC. — — LondonP<feA.l34% —
Anglo-CaL... — 58 London&SF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 225 235 Mercb Ex.. 1% —
Cal SD<fcTColo7%llo | Nevada — —
1-ij-atNaauuL — lbO jsather ii Co. — — •
- BAVIVHI BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo.I2OO 1260 !Sav&Loan.. _ 100
HumbS&L.XIOO 1451) Security 200 27&
MutuaL — 40 Union 750 —
feJb's»v Union — 480
■ STREET RAILRn^n
California.... — 108 Oak KL&liay — 100
Gear>-st- — SO iPresldlo 0 —
Market-dU... 42 42y a Sutter-st — — \:
S^ ■ fOWLtii STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — GlantCoo.... 16% —
Eastern D... 70 — Judson D.... — —
California.... 70 — Vigorlu — 90c
M I9CKT.I.AN-EOCB RTOCKI
Alaska PJtPf. 95y,100 NatVlnCo.. L. _
BikDCoalCo. — 10 . jOceanicSSCo — SO
Cal Cot Mills — - PacAuxb'A. 1 —
Edison L!ghtll7s / iHßya FacßoraxCo. 98 100
GasConAssn. — — i Pac Roll Mill — — '
Ger Lead Co. 90 100 !ParfPaintCo 6% 7%
HawC&SCo.. 131/4 1.i% PacTr.nsCo. — 2*
nutchSPCo 19% 19%!PacT&TCo. 70 — ■'/>'■
MerExAssn.lOU 110 latinsetT&T. 41 —
M El«c Light. — 4%lUaited 0 Co. — 26
' 'v. BALKS— MOK.n ... ka^Ulj.4. '
Board— .
20 Edison Light <fc Power Co 118 00
60 Hutchinson 8 P Co. 19 75
10 Market-st Railway ; 42 35
50 do . do 42 00
25 Pacific Lighting 48 00
46 s> V Gasiiem 90 00
16 S V Water.. 87 00
Street —
$5000 Callfornla-st Cable Bonds 110 00
$12,000 Oakland Gas Bonds, 2d 100 60
MLI£S- AKTKKN.JON dJOMIOX.
Board— ~, . ;■ j
100 Hutchinson 3P Co ..„ 19 75
6 Gaslight 02 00
129 SV Water 97 00
Street —
150 Hutchinson S P Co „ 19 75
$10,000 Powell-st R R Bonds 11l 00
THE CALL CALENDAR,
Septembkr, 1890.
Su. Mo. Tu. W. Th. Fr.jSa. Moon's Phases
12 3 4 5 fiSS New Moon .
W Sepu 7.
8 7 8 9 10 |11 12 /-YlFirs: Quartexj
Sept. 13.
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ~ Fuli Moon .
t£y Sept. 21.
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 — ~
(f*\ Last Quarter.
37 28 29 30 Sept. 29.
37 28 29 30
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure Prum San Francisco.
BTKAMKB I DESTINATION. I SAILS. | PIKR.
Ara?o Coos Bay ..... *ej>tl9.lOAi» Pier 1 1
Stale or Cal. Portland >*ept^o.lOAii Pier 24
Weeost Kei Kiver r-epUO. !?a»i Pier IS
Coos Bay... Newport dept2O. Cam Pier LI
Walla Walla Vie &Pgt Haa Sept2l. Sam Piers
Area:* Oregon ports .. Septsl.lOAM Ple»24
City Peking China Japan Sept'2l, 3pm PM S3
CororiH san Dle;o. Sept22,llA»i Pi*rU
Australia... Honolulu f*ept'22,loAM Pier 7
A.BlaiKhn] Oregon ports.. Sep. 22. spm Pier 13
Pomona i Humboldtßay i Sept 22, Vru Pier >
Slarbuck — Cens America Sept'23,l2 ii PMSS
l-arallon Yaquiaa Bay. sepi24 9am fieri
Eureka Newport *eprJ4. tiu Pier I L
Trnckea.... Coos Bar Sepi24, 2pm ler 8
Columbia... Portland S«pt'J6,loA>i I Pler-J*
Orizaoa — . Mexico Sept2s.loAM Pier 11
f>anta Rosa. San D1ett0..... Sept2ailAM Pier II
Umatllla.... I V.c <t Pgt Sod Sept. 6. 9am Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
•STKAMKK I
From
I
DCE
Willamette | Departure Bay Sept 19
Allceßlanchard Oretron ports sept 20
Corona. >an Diego. Wept 20
Wellington... . Departure Bay Sent 550
Crescent city... Crescent City Sept 21
Mackinaw Tacoma „ Sept "21
Pomona Humboldi Bay. . Sept 21
Newsboy Til'arnook Sept 21
Karnllon Yaqulna Bay ..sept 22
Eureka. Newport. Sept 22
Umatllla... Victoria & Puget Sound ..Sept 22
Columbia Portland !-ept2j
Doric China and Japan SeDt22
City Sydney.... Panama Sept 22
Peter Jobsen... Nanaimo ..Sen* 22
Truckee Coos Bay eD t 23
Weeott Kel River Sept 23
Mariposa. Sydney Sept 24
Santa Kosa issau Diego „ S?p: 24
Araco Coo i Bar Sept 24
Del None rays Harbor. Sept 25
North Fort Humboldt Bay Seol 26
Coos Bay Newport... Sept
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and Geodktic Rtjkvkt Tidr">
BfI.LKTIN I'UBLISHKD BY OFFICIAI, }■
Authority op thesuperintii>dkvt. j
Saturd.iv, September 19.
Sun rises 5.56 Moon rises
Sun sets 6.11 Moon sets S.S7am
September— 1896.
*!l!^ Feet 11^1 Feet I!™ I Feet Tlm « F e«t
j.U W H \V L \V| H W
191 4.00 0.3 .0.48 6.5 i.itt a.4 10.24 Tg
20 i.M U. 6111.15 6.5 5.05 1.9 11.12 6 4
ai 6.16 1.0 11.40 5.5 5.44 1.6 1155 6 2
22 8.41 1.5112.02 5.4 6.14 1.3
H W L W H \V . L"\V •
23 0.36 6.0 606 1.8 13.31 6.b 642 10
24 1.21 4.7 6.31 v.2 12.40 6.5 721 0 8
25 2.10 4.5 6.56 2.7 1.02 5.5 8 Ot* 0 7
• > on- In the above exposition of the tides th«
•arty morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence »j to time. The second time
column gives the second tide Of the day the third
time column the third tide, and the last 0 ? right
hand column gives the last 'tide of the day! excfnt
when there are but three tides, as sometime,
•ccurs. The heights given are addition™ to th 2
soundings on th. United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes
height, and then the number It yen Is subtract!™
from the depth given by the chin! subtr * c »T«
HYFROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbakch Hydrographic Office; U. 8. N •»
Merchants' Exchange " J.
San Francisco. September 18. 1898. J
The time bail on lelegraDh Hill was droppel
exactly at noon to-day-l. c.. at, noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. m.. Greenwich time:
S. T. McMillan,
_^____^__^____ . Assistant, in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY, September 18.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. — hours from New
port; pass and rain, to Goodall, Perkins A Co
tur^B^Sb^^ 8 ' Br » ** h°u« '*nf°Ven.
££h.? r£ 2 1 ' lo Pac 'fic Coast Oil Co.
£„ 7^ M ft lvm Der - to E X Wooa Lumber Co
Newark Beck, 12 hours from Bowens
ending, poits and lumber, to F Hey wood.
Cleared.
' . „ day. September 18.
S^amsb^Co 00 "' ****** Panama: Paclflc Mail
&^mr Pomona, Doran. Eureka: Goodait. Perkins
Du i n,m t u 1 ir r <s & slßti;PlnßiMn ' Nan » *
Stmr Empire, Anderson, Astoria; N P S S Co,
Sailed.
_ , „ FRIDAY. September 18.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego,
Stmr Newport, Searle, Panama and way ports.
Btmr National City. Andresen, Eureka,
btmr Pomona. Doran. Eureka, !
Stmr Whitesooro, Johnson.
Stmr Sunol. Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Empire. Anderson, Portland.
Stmr Santa Cru', Nlcolson, Santa Cruz.
Br ship Afghanistan, Craigee. Liverpool.
Br bark Ravenscourt, McL an, Queenstown,
ship Xi maliie. Balfoiir. Queenstown.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen.
6chr Bender Brothers. Wetzel, Point Arena.
- Schr Edward Parke, Anderson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ivy. Murc/iison. Eur. ka.
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen.
Schr Cbas Hanson, Nielson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Gen Banning, ohannesen, Grays Harbor.
Charters.
The Ger oark Marie Berg loads lumber at Hast
ings' Mills for Cork, 655.
■ . Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Scut. 18-10 p. m.— Weather
foggy: wind S; velocity 8 miles.
Domestic Ports.
USAL— Sailed Sept 18-Stmr Jewel, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Cleone
hence Sept 17. '
COOS Arrived Sept 17— Schr HC Wright
hence Sept 3. '
SEATTLE— Sept 17— Br bark Lota, frm
Antwerp.
REDONDO— SaiIed Sept 18— Schr Fanny Dntartl
for Puget Sound.
EUREKA— Sept 18— Bktn Planter for
Sydney. .
EVERETT— Arrived Sept 12— Schr Roy Som.
ers. for san Diego. .
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 18-Bhip Dashing Wave
hence Aug 27. - B
PORT TOWNSEXD — Arrived Sept 18-Schr
Anna, from Kadiafc. v car
TATOOSH- Passed Sept 18-Stmr City of
Pueblo, hence Sept 16, tor Victoria.
FORT BRAGG-Arrived Sept 18^ Stmr N Oyo .
hence Sept 17. ««y<*
Red o'na > oo ~ AmVed SePt 18-Bktn p °rtland, f m
a T«T pt 18 7 8cBr Webfoot, for San Francisco
fro A n^u°rfk-I ArriVedSeptlß - :il ' ar South ffi
fo^an^al.Tisc'o 1 ." 186^ 17 SCbI M »^ Buh^
SAX'iA. BARBARA— Arrived Bept 18-Schr
Eclipse, from Eureka.
Foreign Ports.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived prior SeDt 18 -°« «hin
Philadelphia, from Vancouver. I °-° er Bb| o
FALMOUTH— (sailed Sept 16-Ital bars: Fran
cesco Campa, for San Francisco °"
cSSSSfmS^SSr^^ " Sept 17 - Br bark
*£&*££&?"?'*» 18 - Brsh " ) Lirkhi...
MAZATLAN-Salled Sept 15-Stmr City of
Sydney, for -an Francisco. T
VALPARAI-O- Arrived July 31 - shin Sena
tor, from Port Townsend. p aona
Importations.
PORT KEN YON-Per Weeott-199% bxs hnt
ter.7l kegs 16 hf-kegs 2 qr-Kegs buuer, ° sk ;
peas. 1 sk hides. 345 sks oats, 22,500 shingle- 13
cs seed, 4 pKgs m.ise, 95 bales excelsior. 2 cowt 6
s-.eers. 36 calves. 126 hogs. * °
NEWPORT-Per Coos Bay lbx oranges, 29 sks
driel aprico s.
San Pedro— l bbl 2 kegs salt fish.
Ventura-81 bxs lemons, 38 oranges 1 bx
cheese, 1 keg fish, 4 cheats tea. 38 sks dried apri
cots, 3 cs eggs. 1 co p chickens.
Carpintei.a— so sks walnuts 2 sks crawfish
Santa Barbara— 22l bxs lemons, 1 bdl hides 1
bx canned koo.is, 1 bx stßrca. 33 bdU green hia'es.
17 sks crawfish, 9 bdls dry pelts, 1 bx -.elegraDh
supplies. ' s '"
Gaviota— 34 sks crawfish. 4 bxs fish.
Port Harford-6 bxs fish, 53 sks wool, 2 kegs but
ter. 12 bxs seed, 2 cs eggs. 22 ska Deans.
San Luis Obispo— 47o sks oats, 224 sks flax 905
sks barley. . '
Santa Maria— 4B7 sks wheat.
_ Cayucos-840 sks barley. 1 cs shoes, 6 bdls dry
hides, 1 bbl tallow, 2 bdls green hides. 3 bxs butter
2 cs eggs, 1 coop chickens, 8 dressed calves
•San Simeon— l bx hardware, 2 bx3 seed 2 bxs
esits, 9 bxs butter, 2 coops cnlckens. 1 bdl hides 3
dressed calves. 7 bales seaweed.
Coiuieuees.
Per Weeot — Russ, sandors * Co: Hills Bros- O B
Bml h <fc Co; Norton, Teller & Co; Ross «fc Hewlett-
Brigham, llopne A Vo; Uilmer. BredhoffiS Schulz-
Dodge. Sweeney i Co; Dairymen's Union: .Mar
sna.i <fc Reimer-: Wheaton, Brton & Co- Miller A
Lux; standard Oil Co : Witzel & Baker; P Coombe-
F H Haigir : H Initartl; J H New bauer <fe Co- cox
Seed and Plant Co; Hulse, Bradford <fc Co- Woli A
son; X J Bowen & Co; H .Moffatt.
I'er Coos Bay— Wieland Brewing Co* F Uri ACo-
W «fe J Sloine & Co: A \\ r Fink A Co: Stewart <fc
Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co : W B Sumner <fc Co-
Hills Bros: Hllmer. BredhorT & Schulz; 11 Du-arl-
E J Bowen & Co; Porter, Slessin*er A Co- Sddsk
leleplione and Telegraph Co; Ii Kirchmann *Co-
L D stone * Co; Slnsheimerßros; Blssinger & Co-
Shoobert, Beale & Co; American Union Fish Co- 8
P Milling Co; A Paladlni: Dodge. Sweeney &t o-
Thos Denigan, Son * Co: APaladint: M .1 Bran
denstein & Co: F B Ualght; C E Whitney db Co- F
Daneri & Co; Inguzlla * Co; J Ivancovich A Co-
Cal Bottling Co: Chas Harley <fe Co; Dnlton Bros:
Getz Bros <fc Co; L> H Allison &Co ; Marshall &
lleimers: Crown Distillery Co: C Melecke & Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, &ay HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl fby
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
R>. a AU>TKALIa for HONOLULU ouly. Tues-
day. September 22. a: 10 a.m. Special party rates.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU tad
AUCKLAND for SYDJSIiY. Thursday. October
15. at 2p. it. . , , . - .
Li ne to COOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPKECKELS 4 BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su, San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP cobpaji
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Ar3L>
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, uwBC
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Junean, Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 A. m., Sept. 11, 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New.Wi atcom (Belllneham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. k.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, -J6, and every fifth day there
after, connect. at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It., at Seattle with U.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I.urcka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. M., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22. i 6, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port HarforU (San mis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 8 a. m.
S-pt. 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
relts, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m. Sept. 2. 6, 10, 14, 18. 1:2, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For hnsenacla. Nan Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Par and Quaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
UOOBALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market si.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STKAMKHS TO
POR.TLAKTID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T)Xj\r»l First-class V Including ■
-n. x\>U \ q,w Second-class /berth A mean
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 15
State of California Sept. 20, SO, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern peints. Rates and folders upon apples-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS A 630 Sn^rintlndenU
GOODALX, PERKINS* CO.. Superintendents
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TEAISATL.IITI<|DI
Frexieli Liu*? to Havr?.
fiOMPANY' S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH JSr*l
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by -e^SfcS
this line avoid both transit t>y English railway :f
the discomfort of crossing the channel lnasmai
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, Kgypfc via Pati*
HrBt-ciasssl6o: second-class, $110. ■
LA GASCOGSE Sept. 26, 3 A. JC.
LA BKKTAGNE..... Oct. 3. 7a. it
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 10. 3 a m.
LA '!'< "H \ .X Oct. 17. 6 A. X.
LA BOURGOGNK .....Oct. 24, lr.iL
J9S" For farther particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. P. KUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. _•
ROYAL MAIL STEAS PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /s*}%%
fortnightly for the West Indies and <*3Sal
Southampton, . calling en rout* at C'fbourgßi
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with ta«
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from san Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents,'
; : SOP C«.lifnrni»«t.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
At ti I*. M, Daily. JbrelKiib received up
to .:3:> P. 31.
JOS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'X he only line mailing through rates on Vallay
Road freight.
STEAMEK<t:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. >»v. and linpt. Ca
U.S. JAVTYARD. HARE ISLUID, VALLEJO,
•Benifia, *P«rt Cosia. *frack«tl and *Vaiona.
STB. MOMICKLLO,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays •*l«':33
A.M.), 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 P. m. only. Olllc*'*
and landing. Pier 2, Mission St. Telephone 81.-icW
261. HATCH BROS.
. • * 4 and 8 p. v. trips only. , .
*» E.TCuralon trip. Gives 5 hours at J>avy-yara.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTACRI'Z
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
Oat 10 a- v. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
7p. it (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, tare bat ween San Francisco and Alviso,
60c-. to San Jose, 75c. Clay St., Pier L 20 W.
ftuata Clara at« *an Jo«. .Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
NECESSITIES OF
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Councilman Manuel Advo
cates a Cut in the
Present Cost.
DIRECTOR REED OPPOSES
He Asserts That the Council Has
Lost Some of Its Former
Pride.
FIGURES THAT ARE DENIED.
The Ordinance Goes to Print and the
Matter Will Next Go to the
Mayor.
Oaklakd Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sej t. 16. t
The annual disagreement over the city
tax levy is in progress, and the only dif
ference bet we n it and former struggles is
that this year it i> a little more torrid than
usual. As the levy touches everybody's
pocket everybody is interested in it, and
as Mayor Davie is silent and refuses to
commit himself taxpayers are guessing.
The great bone of contention at this
time is the Board of Education. The City
Council has determined to make some cuts,
and the Board of Education is equally de
termined not to accept anything less than
the Auditor's figures.
There is more friction this year between
the two boards than usual, and there does
not appear to be any hope of harmony, be
cause each body has made up its mind and
refuses to be moved.
The two bodies are trying to come to
gether, but at the conference each refuses
to bud c a particle.
President Mott of the City Council has
prepared some figures which he declares
are practicable and which would not in
the least impair the efficiency of the
schools.
When Chairman Reed of the High
School Board asked President Mott Tor
his figures he pro »uce*l the following:
Apparatus, §100; fuel, $500; gas and power,
$500; keeping hor»e aad buggy hire, $225;
manual training-scnool fittings, $1500; im
pr veinent of buildings, $2000; repair of
buildings, $100; salary oi superintendent,
$500; stationery and supplies, $100; expense
of taking school census, .ftiUO; paints and oils,
$500; supplies manual-training school, $500.
Mr. Reed defended the school board and
said: "In times past the Council was proud
of the public schools and dealt liberally
with them, but thi3 is no lorlfcer the case.
In the month of June we calculate our ex
penses, hire teach- rs and make our con
tracts, and in October the Council tries to
Aake a big cut. It looks very much as
though this Council were trying to :erce
us to cut down our teachers' salaries.
There is no other way in which the schools
can be run inside of the amount fixed by
you. I have been tola that the object of
these reducttons in salaries and expenses
is to enabie the Council to purchase a
piece of land io be used as a park. If a
park is needed I would suggest that you
beautify and improve the High School
grounds."
Councilmen Mott and Manuel endeav
ored to explain to the School Directors
that it would be possible to run the schoois
without teaching the pupils to sew and
cook. The manual training school was
also handled and Manuel said that he did
not believe the school was producing re
sults in proportion to its cost.
The levy as passed by the Council is
$1 12 and it has vet to b- approved or re
jected by Mayoi Davie, and although he
has said and proved that $1 is enough, he
will net tell in advance what he proposes
to do with the measure when it goes to
him officially.
READY FOR PRIMARIES,
Berkeley Republicans Will Elect
Their Convention Dele
gates Tc-Day.
University [Football Men in Daily
Practice— PrepariEg for the
First Game.
«
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 18.— Politics
in Berkeley are on the boom. ' To-morrow
the Republican primaries for the choosing
of delegates to the county convention will
be held. The wind has been blowing
strong tor the last week in favor of Strat
ton for the Senate and William Lair Hill
for Superior Judge. In fact the students
at the University seem almost unanimous
in favor of Stratton since he has pledged
himself to work for the interests of the
institution. The Students' Republican 1
Club has only one set of delegates to be
voted upon, the others having been forced
to withdraw because of the strong tide in
Stratum's favor.
William Lair Hill is a resident of the
college town and his name appears on
. both tickets. The "McKinley League"
ticket is headed by Straiton and Hill,
while the "Republican Club's" ticket has
the name of Hill at the head.
Following are candidates for delegates
on the Straitonlticket: Harry J. Squires,
John Finn. Frank M. Wilson. Joseph Me-
Olain, J. M. O-iver, Howard E. Wright,
T. F. Graber, H. M. Waterbury, Robert
Easton, John K. Stewart, Whitney Pa
lache. Anson S. Blake, Harry L. Waste,
Wellington Gregg, D. S. Adams. J. H.
Bennett, Joseph Stnpleton, Thomas
Dowd, J. F. Teague, C. R. Brown, George
Phillips, H. D. Irwin.
1 hose on the Hill ticket are as follows:
F. K. Shattuck, C. R. Lord, J. T. Morn
son Thomas Rickard, J. C. Sherrati, N.
W. Mallery, F. H. Payne, G. F. Rein
hardt, Ralph Marshall, James Carpenter,
Chester T. Sinythe, Louis Gottsball,
George E. Parker, K. V. Gove, Htix.h
Forgie.'B. W. Lauder, Thomas Stevenson,
Joseph Stapleton, Thomas Wil-on, Wal
ter Hey wood, C. F. Gladding, P. Remond.
The polls will be open to-morrow after
noon from 1 until 7 o'clock. Following
are the polling- places:
1 North of center line College way or Bristol
street and east of Sacramento street, Berryman
station. of center lfne of ■ Sacramento street
2 West of center line of Sacramento street
mid north of Parker street; also west of San
Pablo avenue to south line of the town. George
Schmidt's office, #10 Delaware street, West
lit^rlifci^y •
■ 3 Between College and Bancroft ways and
east of Sacramento street. George Schmidt's
office, Shattuck avenue and Center street.
4 Between Bancroft way and Parker street,
east of Sacramento, Including D., D.and B.
Institution. J. L. Barker's office, corner Shat
tuck avenue a. Da igiu way. , -
5. Between Parker street and south line of j
President Mott of the City Council, "Who Says the Public Schools Can Be Run More Cheaply, and
Chairman Charles G. Reed of the High School Board, Who Declares That the Council
Has Lost Some of Its Former Pride.
town, cast of Grove Etreet. William O' Nell's
office, Ashby avenue, near Shattuct avenue.
(5. Be; ween Parker street, south line of town,
Grove street and San Pablo avenue. H. D.
Irwin's office, Addisou street, near Aicatraz
avenue.
I niver«ltv Football Neirl.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 18.— The foot
ball fie.d on the university campus is
I being plowed and put into condition for
j playing. Forty men were out for practice
i to-night. Catching kicks and practicing
signals has characterized the work of the
players thus far this season. The candi
dates for places on th • freshman team
have been working together for the last
three or four days under the direction of
Captain Ransome, Kennedy and several
other members of last year's Varsity
team. It is almost too earlj" in the season
to prediot with any degree of accuracy
; who wiil make the freshmen eleven, as
j there is such a quantity of apparently
i good material to choose irom. The IT. C.-
Stanford freshman game is set for Novem
ber 14.
The first game of the season in which
Berkeley will participate, comes off on
October 3. when they will play the Re
j liiuice. To-morrow a game will be played
with the Belmont school, between the
present students there and the alumni.
! Among the members of the Alumni team
are: Catton, Stanford '98, Carr. U. C. '99,
halfbacks; Bull, Harvard '98, fullback;
Thomas, Stanford '97, center; Chamber
lain, U. C. '98. and bperrj, U. C. '98, ends.
The game will be called at 2 o'clock on
the Belmont grounds. A large delegation
of alumni and Berkeley students will
leare San Francisco on the 10:40 train lor
these 001. In the evening the two teams
will hold a banquet at Delmonico's.
Lecture* by Professor Gayley.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 18.— Professor
Charles M. Gayley, bead of the depart-
I ment of English at the State University,
will give a rourse of lectures during Octo
ber in St. Mark's Church on the "Cnris
tianity oi St. Paul." The first lecture will
be given on Sunday evening, October 4.
DETECTIVES SUED.
Robert B. Armstrong Claims Big Dam
ages for His Arrest in
Stockton.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 18.— Suit was |
j filed here to-day for $20,000 aeainst Detec
! tive "Denny" Holland of the local force
! and Detectives E. M. Eagan and R. M.
Silvey of San Francisco by Robert Bruce
Armstrong of 1169 Brusn street, in this city.
The action grows out of his arrest in
Stockton on the evening of Admission day
I on tlie charge of attempting to picfc a
i a woman's pocket and vagrancy. The
complaint alleges that the defendants did
"unlawfully, contriving and wickedly and
maliciously and without probable cause
j arren the plaintiff on a charge of grand
j larce!:y »nd accuse him of having picked
th" pocket of a certain lady; tnat at the
ins? . •!■ urul request cf de.endants plain
tiff wa- taken and imprisoned in tae pub
lic jail in Stockton for fourteen hours, and
plaintiff's name was entered on the prison
i register of said prison, and he was charged
: with the crime of vagrancy, and on the
| 10th plaintiff was taken beore a Justice of
the Peace upon said charge of vagrancy
and discharged. 1 ' ,
Hi.uie-MoTeri Win.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 18 — Judge Ells
worth decided the case of the Alameda,
Oakland and Piedmont Street Railroad vs.
J. W. Henderaon, a house-mover, in favor
of the latter to-day. It was a suit to com
pel tne latter to pay for the cutting of
wires necessary to allow him to take a
i houcse across the street. The court holds
I the moving of a house is a legitimate use
' of streets under proper regulations, and
tne street railroad cannot recover the costs
of cutting the wires.
With Heavy Usury.
OAKLAND, Cal., Bep\ 18— The suit of
; Mller vs. Marshall for $4700, for money
advanced and secured by mortgage on
property in North Oakland, shows that
heavy usuty was charged. In 1890 the
I defendant borrowed $3700, for which he
was to return $4700 in live years. They
are now trying to evade payment on the
ground that the terms or the agreement
were not understood.
Christian Burial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The funeral
of Fred Mauerhan, the Jad who took his
Jife while despondent the first of the week,
was conducted by the Key. Robert Whita
ker, pastor of the Twenty-third Avenue
Baptist Church, and was attended by the
family and a large number of friends. A
number of choice floral offerings adorned
the casket.
Jewels Misding.
OAKLAND. Cal., Seyt 18.— Mrs. Nellie
Jones, a boarder at the Wilson Hotel, has
reported to the police that she is short a
box of jewelry which arrived from New
V- rk last week, but which she never I
received. It was taken by employes, but
when she returned it was missing, and it
is believed sneak thieves made away with
it.
Throe-Story Building.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18— Dr. E. H. j
Woolsey is io erect a three-story builuing
on the" lot adjoining the Central Bank
building. It will be SO.x'JO feet, and is in
tended to be used as stores.
A Crew of Young Ladies.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 18.— John A.
Sansorn, president of the Aiameda Boat
Clab, is authority for the statement that a
barge crow of five young ladies is in prog
ress of formation, with a sixth member as
a substitute, besides the coxswain. Three
of the ladies have been enlisted already,
but be refuses to give their names. He
hopes to get the others soon and as soon
as p<ssiblegei to training, in order to be
ready to race the San Dieeo club on
Thanksgiving, if a race can be arrang a.
At one time this club had a female
crew, but the ladies did not take kindly to
blistered hands, and so they dropped out
of the organization.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.JL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
WERE THEY KIDNAPED?
A Tramp on the Road With
Two Pretty Half-Starved
Chi'dren.
Forces Them to Give Pugilistic Shows
and Every Time the Little Girl
Is Whipped.
OAKLAifP Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 18. j
Mrs. Pratt, the matron of the We9t Oak
land Home, has received a letter in which
she is asked to look out for a man with
two children who is traveling through
trie Siate and who may be shortly be in
Oakland. The case has been referred to
Mrs. Prescott of the Childrens' Society
and she is anxious that any une who sees
the father and children will at once cause
his arrest and communicate with her.
The little boy and eirl have been trained
by the man to fight in public. He takes
them into barrooms and such places and
makes them box, and pockets tb- pro
ceeds. Their story is told in the follow
ing extract from the letter which was
written from Hornbrook in Siskiyou
County:
"I want to tell you about a man who is
passing through this vicinity with two
little children, a boy and a jweet little
girl. He let them lay on the front porch
all night, and wtien we told him to put
itiera to bed he kicked the girl and said,
•Get up, you fo^L' The girl had out few
clothes, and they were very poor, and
when I told him of their condition he said,
'That not ing. 1 He cursed the littie
tnings, and they said they did not know
where they were going to. and they were
too little to tell where they came from.
The little girl did not want to leav- here,
as she was treated so well that she cried
and said that the man whipped them, and
that th*»y frequently had no place to
sleep.
"When he was told ofjtbis he only swore.
He is a large, tall man with blue eyes and
has the appearance of a tramp. The boy
sai't i.c made them fight in small town*,
and the man gave the one that whipped
REV. DR. BENTLEY.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 18.— Rev. Dr. Robert Bentley, pastor of the Tnnitv
Methodist Church of Berkeley, believes he is in possession ot the most probable of all
theories yet advanced as to the origin of the American Hag. and the causes which led
Washington to recommend the stars and stripes as tha National emblem. It was dur
ing his recent European tour that Dr. bentley becamo po-se-.sed of this most interest
ing bit of iniorruation. "While I was in Cambridge, Enzland," said he this after
noon, "one of the first places of historical interest that I visited was the college in
which Milton was a student. Having been shown by the registrar the entry of the
•blind poet's' name on the record-boolcs, our party was taken to the Church of St,
Mary's the Less, where we were Bhown a stone tablet dedicated to the memory of th«
Washington family. The tablet was suspended on the wall and was about 20 inches
long by 14 inches wide. On it were carved an eagle and a shield. I was at once struck
with the similarity between it and our own emblem. Looking closer, I saw that the
eagle, was sitting in a nest surrounded by a crown, and under the- eaglo was the
shield. On the shield were two bars and three stars. The tablet had on it also
•Sacred to Corydon Washington, rector of the church, who died in 1725.' The direct
relationship between th« families of Corydon and George Washington has been traced,
and judging from the circumstances surrounding this tablet I am led to believe that it
was the coat-of-arms of the early Washing tons. It seems most probable to me that
the first ideas regarding a National emblem cams to the 'father of His Country'
from this very tablet.
"In the Church in Minores, in London, I saw another tablet sacred to the memory
of the Washington family. This had carved on its shield the stars and stripes but no
eagle. The sight of these two historic slabs and the inscriptions on them made such
a profound impression on my mind thati began to study the origin of the flag, but 1
can find no theory bearing on the question which seems more reasonably certain of
being the true on: than this."
the other some money. The boy said be
always won, as the little girl could hardly
protect herself. In any case the man took
the money."
Mrs Prescott is very anxious to locate
this man and the little children. There is
a suspicion that he is not their father and
that the little ones may have oeen kid
naped.
THE KEEPER LOSES.
Residence of Mrs. Remi Chabot Kan
sacked by Burglars Last
Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The resi
dence of Mrs. Remi Chabot, on Madison
and Eleventh streets, was entered last
night by burglars, and Lee C. Burnham,
who was in charge, is short a gold watch
and $20 in coin. The intruders effected
an entrance throußh a window and took j
a gilded wax candle from a fancy candle
stick on the parlor mantel to light them
selves around with.
Mrs. Chabot and daughters are at
Ilwaco, Washington, where she has a
crantv rry farm. As far as known nothing
belonging to her was disturbed. She has
some valuable silverware, but it is be
lieved this was placed in a safe place be
fore she' went north. No attempt was
made to force any of the doors, which
were locked.
Colored Porter's Charge.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— A stir was
created in the Police Court to-day when
I E. H. Parker, the colored porter charged
j with beating his wife, stated to Justice
Wood that he had been told that W. J.
Oglesby, the colored attorney, was trying j
to railroad him to jail. O^iesby was pres
ent, and stoutly denie I the charge, and as
serted that there had been a misunder
standing regarding the matter. He
claimed that he attempted to induce t c
woman not to swear to a complaint, but
: she said if she could get her husband
locked up she could get away to her old
home in Texas. The case will be tried on
the 221 inst.
The New Englne-Houge.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The con
tractors of this city are taking a lively in
terest in the new engine-a^use to be
erected on Sixth street. It was estimated
| the structure would cost $8000, but the
. lively competition in bidd.ng is likely to
! reduce that figure considerably Bids
will be received October 6 from 7:30 to 8:30
p. M.
TWO CONVENTIONS,
ONE PRIMARY
All Alameda County Will
Give To -Day to
Politics.
JOINT FUSION REPORTS.
They Will Be Presented to the
Democratic and Populist
Conventions.
MOUNT EDEN'S GREAT DAT.
The McKinley Wigwam to Be For*
maily Opened With Oratory, Bar
becne and Ball.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 18. J
The Republicans who vote at the county
primary to-morrow cannot record their
ballots in a hurry. Never before has there
been such complications among candi
dates for nominations, and now at the last
moment it is thought that some names, at
present mentioned in whispers, will be
placed before the convention as the only
method of obtaining enough votes to
nominate.
Although there are. so many people
seeking office before the primary there
will not be nearly so many names placed
before the convention. It generally costs
about $10 to place a name in nomination
and this is a large sum in cash for many
of those who are after the nominations.
No new complications presented them
selves to-day; indeed, it would be difficult
to tanele things up more than they are at
present, and even after the result of the
primaries is known to-morrow night it
will not be much less intricate. It will be
easy to see when the polls close whether
Stratton or Derrick has won the Sena
torial fight. The Judges, Supervisors and
some of the Assemblymen must remain in
doubt until the choice of Monday's con
vention is made known.
The convention will be called to order
at 10 o'clock Monday at Linderman Opera
house in Alameda.
THE DEMOCRATS.
County Convention Will Meat In
the Tabernacle and Name a
TlcKet.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The Demo
cratic County Convention will be called to
order on Saturday morning at 10 o'clock,
in the Tabernacle. There wiil be 144 dele
gates, and it is expected that many of
these will be represented by proxy.
M. J. Layruance, chairman of the
County Central Committee, will call the
meeting to order, and it is generally
thought that M. F. Tarpey will oe agree
able to both sections of the party for per
manent chairman.
The great point of interest will b« the
report of the fusion committee, and it is
expected that it will create a heated argu
ment find may not be accepted in its
entirety. Should this expectation prove
true, the members of the committee will
have to meet again and try to bring about
ultimate harmony.
THE POPULISTS.
They Will Also Hold Their Conven-
tion and Hear the Fusion
Report.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The Popu
lists will hold their county convention to
morrow in Germania Hall. The first
matter of importance will be the reading
of tne report on the Democrat-Populist
fusion committee. This is certain to
create a storm, for there are some rabid
middle-of-the-road men in the convention,
and their voices will surely be heard, for
they have said so beioreband. There
seems to be little doubt, though, that the
fusion report will be acceptable to the ma
jority. It provides for an equal distribu
tion of the offices, and there art several
candidates for some of the nominations.
After the news hao been received at
both conventions that each has accepted
the tusion report the rest will be all smooth
■ailing.
MOUNT EDEN WIGWAM.
Will Be Dedicated With a Bar-
becue, Oratory and
Ball.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The Mount
Eden McKinley and Hobart Wigwam will
be dadicated to-morrow (Saturday). At
2:30 p. m. the big meeting will be held.
H. L. Peterman will presiae, and the
speakers are Congressman Hllborn, C. M.
B'iortridge, W. R. Davis and Rev. Anna
Shaw.
Two beeves have been prepared for the
barbecue, which will be held at sp. m.,
and there will be everything to insure a
grand time.
At nigtit there will be a grand ball and
a display of fireworks. All the surround
ing country is interested in the event, and
the Republican campaign will be given a
great boom in that part of the county.
WITH A BROKEN BACK.
Otto Schrader Falls -From a
Staging With Serious
Results.
A Ladies' Crew Is Forming to Row a
Racing-Boat Against Possible
Competitors.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 18.— While at
work yesterday afternoon on the residence
of Fred Schumacher Otto A. Schrader, the
son of the veil-known artist of that name,
living at 1527 Verdi street, fell from the
second story, striking upon his back ana
breaking one of the vertebrae. He was
tuken to his home, but received no critical
medical examination until 10 o'clock at
night, at which time Dr. E. Steltzner ar
rived and took charge of the case.
Schrader is entirely paralyzed from the
breast down and is unat>le to move either
his arms or his lers. He i» able to talk
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
and use his month, but his suffering is so
intense that he has been kept under the
influence of ether. Dr. Steltzner stated late
to-night that he had hopes of the young
man's recovery.
At the time of the accident Miss Jennie
tcbrader, a sister, was lying ill at her
home. The accident has unnerved her so
much that her friends have fear of her
future health.
Welcome Him Back.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 18.— The par
lors of the Park-street M. E. Church Dre
sented a han isonie sight this evening at
the reception to the Rev. F. D. Bovani,
its pastor, who was returned for his
-fourth year by the conference at Pacific
Grove. The church was handsomely deco
ruted. The following were the exercises:
Recitation, Miss Do. lie Chapman; piano
duet, Miss Sadie and Edward Inms; vio
lin solo, Miss Alinia Sampson; song,
Charles Katzen ban; song. Miss Josephine
Patterson. Remarks in the iorm of prom
ises of support were made by members
representing the various departments of
tne church work and Rev. John Kirby,
the presiding elder of this district. The
Rev. Mr. Bovard returned thanks. Ice
cr am and 1 ake were served.
Tne affair was in charge of the Ladies'
Aid Society, whose officers are: President,
Mrs. Knowhmd; secretary, Mrs. Poyzer;
treasurer, Mrs. Watterson; chairman of
social committee, Mrs. W. H. Pollard.
Next Thursday these ladies will give a
dinner in the church parlors.
A Long; Way Around.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 18.— A fire was
discovered in one of a line of boxcars at
truitvale yesterday afternoon. The news
was telegraphed to the mole, thence to
the Park-street office and then by a
Wells, Fargo &Co.'s man to Chief Krauth.
A chemical-engine was sent out, but the
fire was extinguished before its arrival by
those in the neighborhood.
A lot of hay in the car had been set on
fire by means of a trail of hay co^tred
with either powder or coal oil. The tracks
upon the floor showed the mark of incen
diarism.
Sent for Th«ir Boy.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 18.— Mr. and
Mrs. P. Schroeder of 1912 Broadway have
sent after their truant son, Gus, who ran
away from home nearly two months ago
witb. Charles Bell. The latter returned
yesterday and tells a tale of woe. He
walked the treater part of the way home
from Sacramento, where he leit Schroeder
at work in a stable.
I'f chard Murdock Missing.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 18. —Mrs.
Richard Murdock, the wife of the Park
sireet Bhoe-dealer, has fears for her hus
band's safely. Four weeks ago her hus
band left for Ukian, since which time he
has not been seen nor heard from. No
reason is known for his absence.
EQUAL SUFFR AGE THE FAD
Increasing Popularity of the
Movement lor the New
Regime.
Religious Bod:es S and By the Women
of California in Peeking the
Ballot
Woman suffrage seems to have become
quite the correct thing, and many promi
nent society folkj have taken it up and
are laboring for it heart and soul. The la
dies are by no means alone in tbeir fight,
for a number of well-fenown gentlemen are
making a quiet but effective campaign
among their friends, securing what the
women need most of all — votes.
In religious circles also the movement
has met with hearty indorsement. The
Christian Ministers' Association set the
ecclesiastical ball a-rolling at their con
vention in Santa Cruz last month, unani
mously adopting a strong resolution in
lavor of woman suffrage.
A little later the Baptists at their annual
convention passed a similar resolution
without a dissenting vote, and now come
the Methodists, who passed the following
resolution at the conference in Pacific
Grove on the lite inst :
Whereas, We are taught In the Word of God
that man was created male ana female after
his own image and given dominion over all
the creatures of the earth, and believing thfct
there is no sex in souls, in duties or in God,
and that under the cardinal doctrines of our
country all men should be free and equal,
that alt who bear the burdens of our Govern
ment should share equally all civil, political
and reiigious rrgnts and privileges; and
•wherens, by a decision of the United States
Supreme court women have been declared
citizens and can become full citizens ot our
own State by amending the constitution so as
to drop the word "male" and substitute the
word "person," as provided for in amend
ment 6. which Is to be submitted to the voters
of the State at the election of November 3:
Ketolved, That we the members of the Cali
fornia Conference Lay Association of the
Methodist Episcopal church, in annual con
vention assembled, welcome the proposed
amendment as an advanced step in the
progress of the world along the lines
of justice, equity and purity, and com
mending the wisdom and patriotism of the
came we hereby pledge ourselves as individ
uals to support the principles therein.
All over the State demands are being
made for speakers. The determined stand
for political equality taken by the Repub
licans of Los Angeles has given a great
impetus to the work in Southern Califor
nia, where the woman suffragists expect a
large majority.
THE CITY'S HEALTH.
Figures Showing It to Bs Better Than
Many Eastern Centers of
Population.
According to figures that have just
been compiled by Secretary Godchaux of
the Board of Health, San Francisco is a
healthful city, and, as a matter of fact, in
regard io those diseases that are capable of
prevention by sanitary measures is far
ahead of centers of population throughout
the East. The figures that have been
made up are as follows:
Date of Report
« "ft fioio "* » lO «O •)> io .j. j I«j to
»c:ssso»o:r. -ssss cs S « S
xxxxxxxxxx-x ?jao ao
• - ■ . - - gj
Typhoid Fever
Ui
5car1atina. ............
— 03 '
X !
■tcor.'jrtKiniiio -f i% to
"CO.N-H ©aOPJri -■
r-I i-c rii-155 «
-'■ s -
Diphtheria
r4 C 324 C 4 O?4 04 - * f-i r-i O "
_ _^ i
o
si
if
O ;: ; = ' = OC O = ' = = t-« 2 © •©
OM -.©.Q w©CO tl o i. S O
jotoso'iiiasisia'aV 2 s" ©*
t-o» »•• ©c» «> •♦ «*S»K H 3 ??
S*«K«SOWWrt©K)iJ i » OS
■• « S
::::•.:: :1 :: I :
! ll 1 1 1 H i ■ M I i
: iff |"l-l -|-| 1$ • o
I !j : : : : : : '-a I »
5— i.*"!, *> i; >3 " a
It is conceded that San Francisco's Dai
ries against infectious diseases from the
Orient are ample and elHcient.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
H. H , Elisabeth C, Henry c. and JenaJa C.
Kills to ' Jane Ann Miller, lot on >.W, corner of
Greenwich and Pierce streets, 562 by W 100;
also .ot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 100 8 of I
street, 8 50 by VV 120: »!i>o lot on E Hn<- of T wen
ty-firss avenue, SOO « of J street, 525 by X 120;
*1.
Gulseppe and Mara Olmo to Nlcolla FillpeTii,
lot on a Una of V>llejo street, 45 Vi £of Powell
E V3:4V* by N 6->:9; $66 iO.
* Mr*. Jennie Easje to Elizabeth E. Regan, Henry
Auction Sales
GRI3D AUCTION SALE OF MAGIIFI-
CEIT FUKUTURE!
TO BE IIKLD
MONDAY.
Monday '. September 21, 896,
At the Beau Home, •
2297 FRAXKLIJ STRE T, CORSER BROADWAY.
S£g~ Look out for this sale, as It Is one of the
finest furnished residences sold this season.
Full particulars Sunday morning's papers.
A. L. CRESSWELL, Auctioneer,
' 81 M Tket Street.
M., Loretta P., John D. ana Edward B. Gogerty,
lot on NX line of Seventh street. 125 SK of How
ard. SE 25 by .N'E 90: also lot on NE line of
sixth street, 275 BB of Harrison. SE 25 by ME
80; $1.
Same to same, lot on SB line of Minna street,
355 NE of Fourth, NE 20. NE 70, SE 20, SW
70: *1.
Malcolm A. Ross to Lydla Koss. lot on N\V cor
ner of twenty-fourth and Sanchez streets, W 51:9
byNll4;:gift.
Fern.ndo and Julia A. Nelson to Mathta* Gold
sam, lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourth (Sonoma)
and Kansas streets, h 100 by W 25; $10.
Klizab; th and Henry Newman to Marie, wife of
• rnst H. For-t, lot on X line of Twentieth avenue,
120 S of .Point Lobos, N 55 by H 120: $10.
V, M. and Mary R. Smith to the Realty Syndi
cate (corporation), lot 14, Gift Map 4; $10.
Miguel, Vincent and Catallna Noe and Catalina
Ppliva:oto .Michael S. and Klizabt-tb U-han, undi
vided half of lot on N line of Broad avenue, ;.95; .95 E
of Capitol street. 35 by N 126, port, on or block J,
Railroad Homestead Association; $5.
Frederick i.. and Frieda Kiben. Andrew J. and
Ann! - S. Nor to John R. Pugh. lot on SW line of
fclxieemh avenue South, 75 NW of X street South,
NW2S by BWIOO, portion of lot block 328,
South San Francisco Homes. cad and Kailroad As
sociation; $3UO.
* dwin >cowab (commissioner of B. W. Haines,
H. I. Nager, rdwin K. Als p and H. H. Benson)
to Market and btanyan streets and (Golden Gate
Park . and and Improvement Company, lo;. on E
line of St . anyan street, 75:3 of Belgrave avenue,
£ 26:1, it 88:0^, N 25, W 90:084, belni? lot 4,
*\°-, c £, B i,sV? dlTlslon 1, of Clarendon Heights,
01 1 5.? I $101 5.
Michael C and Delia A. Gorham to Edwin
Schwab, lot on s line of Clarendon avenue, 477:8
Eof ,?, tttny * n street, E 25:1%. S 104. W 26, N
101:10, being lot 20. blocs 11, subdivision 2,
Clarendon Heights : $10.
ALAMEDa COtTSfTT.
J, H. and Anna Feeee to Lottie A. stills, lot on
E line of Market street. 57 92 N of Milton. N
28.96, E ill, S 25, W 126.63 to beeinnlng. being
the S half of lot 24, Milton Tract, Oakland; $10.
same to Rose A. Cyrus, lot on E line of Market
stree.. 86.88 N of Miltou, N 28.96, E 95 38. S 25,
W 111 to beginning, being the S half of lot 24,
Milton Tract, Oakland: $10.
Warley Bascom to Martha E. Bascom. lots 19
to 22, block 490, Briggs Tract, Map 2, Oakland:
also lot on S line of Seventh street, or Railroad
avenue, 52:6 \V of Union street, S 105, W 25, N
104:934. k 25 to bPßinnioj', being lot 23, block
490, same, Oakland, quitclaim deed $1.
Oliver L. Jones to l'.douard Auroux, lot com
mencing 175 feet from NW corner of block 203,
thence E along N line of aid block to a point 25
feet, being 100 fe-t from IX E corner of sai.l block,
thence running back 100 feet, being lot 13, block
203. Oakland: $5.
Harriet W. R. or Hattle W. Strong to Union
Pavings Bank, lot on N line of Eleventh street, 70
Eof Jefferson. E 80 by N 100, being lots 26.27
and '28, and portion of lots 1 to 4, b.ock 166 Oak
land: $10. ' - ■
Sarah H., Elizabeth X., Juliet W. and Gilbert
Tompklns and >arah H. Burns i wife of J. McK.)
to same, lo on NX corner Bay place and Webster
street, A 30:6%, N 317:6, E 221:3, 8 51:714, W
5 1 :7, S 51:7 V*. Wsl :7, S 211 :t, W 193 to begin
ning, being lo s Bto 14, Map of Coggswell Tract:
also lot on BE corner of Broadway and Orchard
avenue, E 249:8, 8 199:8, W 295, N 205 to begin
ning, block 2193, Oakland; $10.'
James and -u^anna Kenney to J. J. O'Ronrkei
lot 75, map of Rose Tract, Brooklyn Township;
J. J. and Essie C O'Bourke to Frances A.
Raleigh, sumo; $10.
Watera ter M. and Viola wniett to I. L. Bevaus, lot
25, same: $40.
William Duff to Delia Duff, lot on S line of Wil
liam street. 130:71/3 E of Wood, E 25 by S
100 :7*4. being lot 14, block 27, lands at Oakland
Point ferry landing, Oakland; gift. .
Builders' Contracts.
L. Cont»ld with F. F. Sarcander, alterations and
additions to a building on Buenaventura street, be
tween Sacramento aud Clay; $2758; J. Gortart.
architect. .
Patrick and Ellen Ford with T. J. Crawford, to
erect a two-story building on S line of Sacramento
street, 134 Wot Cherry; $1890; J. I. Devlin,
architect. .
Delia Thornton with T. C. Cochrane, to erect a
two-story building on W line of Tenth avenue, 175
Sof Point liobos avenue: $1300: pans ny owner.
Board of Education with William Linden, alter
ations to yard to school building (CooDer primary
school) on 8 line of Greenwich street, 137 Eof
Leaveuworth; $1078; C. D. Havens, architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RCSS HOUSE
H M Hunt * f, Stockton R S Post, Fowler
Mrs Zitllosen &. d,*Mo Mrs O Halstead.L Anrles
R X < obb, Fresno Miss N Cobb, Fresno
G W Boggs, Tracy T J Hal, Grldley
J Wilmington, Gridley Miss O Richardson. Cal
Miss H Johnson. Cal W a Weimer, Bakrsneld
X E Kelly, Willow* Miss F Rousin, Sacto
D M Leary, Los Angeles B E Talbot, Roculin
J W Bronnell, Oriand Mrs J W Bronnell.Orland
X H Bronnell, Oriand W H Moore, Ukiah
A Pollard. Mlver City E H Bonuar, San Lucas
Mrs J F Bouner.S Lucas E B Lamberson, Sacto
A H Odell, Mont J Vancovert & w, Mont
R W Rains, Sto-kton A Cox. Stockton
J X Williams, Stockton D Piukard, Mo
J Guens, Cloverdale Mrs L Reynolds, Redding
C Hamila & w. Stockton L L Boon', Gait
Mr. Lloyd, Porterville 8 F Bullen, Salinas
G Murphy * w.Alamada H 8 Fletcher, Watsonv
J H Hill, Oregon W J Crosby, stocnton
M Bryte, Sacramento C Small, t-acramento
G W Munteiih, S Rafael A McCormick, Klo Vista
Hsßudolpti&w.LompocC Rmiolph. Lompoc
W B Benjamin, Oregon G Langenberg. 1 >regon
X tarnum Jr.Bridgevlle W S Barnum; Bridseville
J Dolan, Stockton J J% Overton, Nevada
H C Jepeen, Nevada L B Peeples, Oregon
P A lexander&w.snlsun Col Hardln, Santa Rosa
J E Stevenson, Wash H Smith, Mon;erey
S Dougherty. Boulder Cr J Heymann, Los Olivos
M I Granger, Hollister Miss'h. Tucker. Colorado
G E Showier, Colusa J Arnold, William*
Jas Arnold, Williams C Arnold, Williams
Miss Arnold, Williams J Maud, Williams
GRAND HOTEL.
H H Ettee&w.Prmceton W M Cutler, Marysville
J A Keese, Kutherford J M Trace, Cal
E W Clayton, san Joso Mrs M H Wright, Cal
E W Wright, Pasadena M S Bromfleld & wf, Nev
A T Hall, Los Angeles B Chaboya, Cal
X M Mulvey, Los Ang J A Grady, Los Angoles
E B Hough, Eureka P R Templeton,. Oakland
0 A Lowe, Woodland J C Woodward, cal
FWWoodward&w.LAng J Germain, W;nnemucca
J S Joslln, Omaha J H Gales, Omaha
E Pomero- * w, Windsor G L O Noyes. Alaska
J T Ross, Astoria B White, Chlco
H M. Smith, Scotia E H Grlggs, Stanford
1 B Irving. San Antonio F J Murphy, Watsonvllle
G W Borleigh. Los Ang V J La Move, Ulen fc-llen
G A Dennisbn. Cal R Wiley, wf <fc sn. N V
W Wilber & wf, Cal Miss C Huberty. Or
J A McUinas, Selma J Ross. Watsonvllle
S E Holden, Napa H E HoWen. Napa
;t S H olden, CollegePark A Johnson, Ukiah
F J Hoflingifc fm, Cal H G Shaw, Stoc kton
S L Hall, Sacramento F Cutting, Stockton
Miss G Savage, Salem Mrs >' B Bushain, Cal
Miss E 8 Cooiman. Cal L H Frankenheinier, Cal
F L Bookis. uakdale R Keating, Cal
A L Levlusky, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
R Graham, Sacto A R frlon, Chicago
D H Mahnn. ITS R F H C eghton A v. Ohio
Baron Nissi, Sr Petersbg X Mlyagawa. N V
D R Brown. Stanford H P t ro«s, Stan'ord
Henrr smith. N V Mrs Henry Smith, X V
F T Dwver Sacto A B Shllline, Denver
J Ppurks. Reno D Mcl-arland, Los Anjt
Miss MoFarJand, L Ang W R Dunn, Los Ang
Bernard i.anbe. NY X N Conrfit. Lot An?
Mrs l.iiubo, X V Mrs E N Condit, L Ang
Mrs J 0 V'ess. Los An? Getr.irie Dennis, L Ang
E B Verine'on, Carson Mrs B B Yerfncton.Crsn
R E Craig, New Orlenns Emmett Craig. New Or
Mrs <'raig, New Orleans A t Arundel, N V
F G Hume«, Los Gatos C H Jordan, Palo Alto
J C Boss. Berke ey J Goodman & w. Tesas
PP. McCargo. Chicago C R Miller, D 8 N
NEW WKSTEKN HOTEL.
J F Latham * w, Buffalo E Aldrlch, Tacotna
A Ward <fe w.Vancouver a R Gardner A w, B O
J BowlM, Foliom F Louis, Vendonae
p Kel liner, Ye .Home W J S'ncloton, Vendome
JD Schneiier &f.Val JCt Mis* Dwight, Portland
B E Combs, Alameda W J Kisher, A ameaa
E Schafer, Alameda F A ddy, Seattle
II C Austin, Kansas City J Huewton, -New Haven
KH Eddy. Boston J Hunter. Boston
C Adams, Boston X L Jen z. New York
G L Miller, New York JW < rawford, Troy, N V
V B Mahon, Boston V M Lowe * w, Bandon
J T Re-nolds, Oidos, Cal J Sowles, Folsom
W Harris, w & c, Fresno
LICK HOUSE.
T J Menlnnls, Zanesvlle Miss Nfeelnnes, Zanesvle
B J (irnat, Llddell F J Barnes, St Paul
S F King * w> Napa J 0 Granam, Santa Rosa
(' F Yate , Coulterville J Oardiur, facto
J caldwell, Nevada City M Sf-ngc, i ixon
H Krickhoff, San Rafael • R Gardner, Cal
Q W Schm (it. St Helena T G Va.'der Bosch. N V
•N U Park llnnford BHi'p'nm, Martinez
W Harvey. Tehama i- <• Morgan, flay wards
Horace Havit, Fresno M Cunningham. Chcfo
j |i Lynch, LOl Ang X J? Altland, Los An<
C N Tfticou, Omaha J A Louttit & w, Stocktn
Miss M. B Louttit. Stktn
BALDWIN HOTKL.
J C Noble & w, Minn M F Cochrane, S Rafael
J J (irossman, Yre-v* Mrs J V. Kelly, S Jose
SUM folly. San Jose PB Poto, Ariz
B I. anci'ti, Stockton J X Castro, Cal
M Gilbert. Modesto J J January, w & son, Cal
Mrs H Parmenter. Wash G E Ttf aeuire, Stockton
H A Parker & w, Oakld D 0 Jones Oakland
IMtss Watts, liutte C Abbott, Butte
H A Muller, N V T McMallln, N V
V^^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mss&sk?^'2£F AIIyVS ' T - Established
wST x *£^ in iss * io J the treatment of Private
S, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
IttSftKEABJIYNT. Established
mm 1854 for the treatment of Private
|f Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
s|||?CT§S& disease wearingon bodyandmlndand
m >k;n Diseases. Tbedoctoreujreswhen
gjotheisfail. Try him. Charges low
i*«rr«e;iiaranl.cd. Call or write,"
iir. J. k\ otBIiON. Box 1937.SauFraacisc*
1112
THIS EARTH AS
A HOLLOW SHELL
And the Sun as Moving
About in Its In
terior.
PLANETS AS A MYTH
And Only Rf flections of Disks
Which Are in Earth's
Shell.
DR. TEED'S STRANGE IDEAS.
Concavity of the Surface of Water
Has Been Demonstrated by
Novel Apparatus.
"The diameter of the sun is about 500
miles. It is situated exactly in the center
of the earth, which is a hollow globe,
having a diameter of 8000 miles. The eun
travels baclc and forth, north and south,
from the equator and the earth does not
Apparatus Which, According to Dr. Teed, Demonstrates That the
Earth Is Concave.
move except that it turns around on its !
axis once in about 24,000 years. The sun
has cne dark face and one light face.
When ws see the light face it is day and
when we see the darK side it is night.
The Copernican system of astronomy is
played out and no good.
"T. c earth has a shell composed of i
strata, which are arranged in the order of
their specific gravity, a layer of gold being
on the outside and a layer of silver next !
inside.
"In the laminations of these strata I
there are disks which travel. There are no j
planets. What we suppose to be planefs
are reflections of these disks traveling in ,
the laminations. The earth is the only
planet in existence. There are stars, but
they are only reflections from the central i
star and are really focalizations of ener- j
gies. There are records of over 150
.eclipses when the sun, moon and earth
were out of line, ana no astronomer can
offer auy explanation of this fact. The
moon is only the localization of all the
energies oi the earth and is not an actual
body.
"The moons of Saturn are subsidiary
disks circulating around the larger disks
in the laminations of the earth's shell.
The shell of the earth I have determined
to be only 100 miles thick. The earth is
concave and we have fifieen methods of
proving it. It is true that modern as
tronomers predict eclipses. Our system
is really the reverse of theirs. They base
their observations on a convex surface
and their lines radiate. In our system,
based on the discovered fact that the
earth is hollow and that we are on the in
side of it, the lines converge. The result
is the same, but the astronomers are all
mistaken concerning distances. The sun
is really only 4000 miles distant and it is j
exactly in the center of the earth.
'•In the shell of the earth are seven pri
mary metallic substances. The location
of the gold I have determined by taking i
oxygen as the zero point and water as a
ratio. Specific gravity also determines
that gold will r'ach the point where it j
will weigh nothing or be static. The dis
tance between the water and the gold can !
be determined by this law, and it is ICO >
miles. That gives one the thickness of I
the crust of the earth.
"The essences of the earth flow to a i
distance oi 4000 miles to the astral center. \
These forces f:ive us that great electric light
which we know as the sun, and which
contains all the energies of gold, silver, j
copper, etc. The astronomers are mis- I
taken concerning their theory that flames
from the sun shoot out to a distance of !
100,000 miles. In fact, they are mistaken i
all around. All my assertions I can demon- i
strate are true irom the Bible, which says J
that the sun, moon and stars are set in the !
earth's firmament.
'•The word comet is derived from a word
which means hair. Comets are the pro
duction of the relations of the collines,
which are the prime meridians. The
comet is simply a "dock tail.' What ap
pears to be the tail of a comet is simply
radiation from the sun. That is all there
is to it. We determine the distance of the
sun by the laws oi correspondences and
distances."
So talked Dr. Cyrus R. Teed at his lodg
ings on Bryant street yesterday. As he
developed the details of his system he
said that he would like to discuss his the
ories and discoveries with theologians,
scientists and all-comers.
"But how," it was asked, "will you
demonstrate to the common man that the
earth is concave and not convex, as is
taugut?"
••Well," said Dr. Teed, "according to
the Encyclopedia Britannica, the amount
of curvature or divergence of the eart/h's
surlace from the vertical is 8 inches for
one mile. 32 inches for the second mile, 72
inches for the third mile, and soon. That
is the accepted theory of the scientists of
the old school. The fact is, however, that
a ship sixty miles at sea can be seen with
the aid of a telescope. The acknowledged
fact that the ship does disappear to the
unaided eye, although this is one of the
favorite arguments employed to demon
strate the convexity of the earth's sur
face, has no truth if the telescope does
what I claim for it. The disappearance of
the ship is due to foreshortening.
"Let me give you an illustration. If you
stood in the center of a perfectly level
plain on a tower 100 feet high the first
mile spread out around you would seem
to occupy considerable space. The second
mile would occupy less and so on until
your vision would find a point where all
distances would seem to blend. But we
sire not compelled to re«t with theories.
We have demonstrated at Chicago on the
surface of perfectly smootu water that the
earth is concave and not convex. Our ap
paratus ia simple and mathematically ex
act. It consists of perpendicular posts,
rising four feet above the level of the
water, their perpendicularity being estab
lished by plumb lines; then to the up
rights are attached rails at right angles to
the perpendiculars, and in one mile there
is not a deviation ot 1-16,000 of an inch
from mathematical accuracy. \^ith such
an apparatus we can follow out a straight
line live or six miles, and have done this,
and we find that the line aipa into the
water at both ends, if tne earth were cou
vei all water in equilibration would con
form to this ratio of convexity. We have
demonstrated that the water is not con
vex. Here is a picture of our apparatus
if you wish it."
The cut shows the plan pursued by Dr.
Teed to demonstrate that the earth is
hollow and that we are all "in it."
HAS BEEN , WICK DIVORCED.
Gare Her Husband Two Chances, But He
Wmi Id Not Reform.
Sierra N. Watson was yesterday granted
a divorce from James W. Watson, a travel
ing salesman for a wholesale linen estab
lishment.
The marital troubles of the pair have
been aired in the courts several times.
Mrs. Watson secured a divorce once be
fore because of her husband's habitual in
temperance, but on his promise to reform
and after he had taken the gold care the
parties were remarried. Durine the pres
ent trial it was testified that the defendant
only kept his promise for a few mouths,
when he relapsed into his old habits.
While the first suit was pending Watson
speut some time in th<* County Jail be
cause of his refusal to obey an order of
Judge Hebbard as to alimony.
The parties were married in San Luis
Obisoo in 1879 and l.aye two children, the
custody of whom was- awarded to the
mother. Judge Hebbard also ordered
that Watson pay his wife $75 Der month
alimony and $250 counsel fees.
Some property in Cayugas, which Mrs.
Watson deeded to her husband, ia also
in controversy.
GRAIN RATES FROM FRESNO.
The Valley Boad'i Tariff Met by the
Southern Pacific.
Grain rates from Fresno to tidewater
points were issued yesterday by the Val
ley road and were immediately met by the
Southern Pacific Company. The rate
fixed by the new competing road from the
Bel mont-a venue switch at Fresno to
Stockton is $2 15 per ton in carload lots of
not less than 24,000 pounds, and $2 65 per
ton from Fresno to San Francisco, Port
Costa, Crocketts and Benicia.
The $2 15 rate put in by the Southern
Pacific applies not only from Fresno to 1
Stockton, but also from Herndon, Musca- I
tel, Collis, Rolinda and Pratton. The
rate of $2 65, made by the Southern Pacific,
applies from Fresno, Herndcn, Muscatel,
Mendota, Whites Bridge, Jameson, Collis,
Kohnda and Pratton to Nevada Dock,
Port Costa, Crocketts, Benicia and South
Vallejo, and a rate of $3 15 is made by the
same company from the valley points
just named to San Francisco and Oak
land.
The former rates of the Southern Pa
cific were: From Fresno to Stockton^
$2 35; to Port Costa, etc., $3; to San Fran
cisco and Oakland. $3 50.
It is expected thru class rates to and
from Fresno will be issued in about a
week.
SLEEK CONFIDENCE MEN,
J. T. McKay, and J. W. Ash
Wanted for Getting Money
From Hotels.
The Palace Is Watched for Them.
'Experiences at Colorado Springs
and Denver.
Detectives John Seymour and Ross
Whitaner were at the Palace Hotel last
night, waiting for some hours for the re
turn oi J. W. Ash, who is said to be a
very smooth young man with several
aliases, who has been beating different ho
tels of the country.
Ash, according to the story, had a
traveling partner, who has been operating
for a part of the time under the name of
J. T. McKay. The latter stopped at the
Occidental for a brief time, but appears to
have grown apprensive of arrest, for it is
said he left the (My Tuesdey. A request
has been sent here that they be arrested
for obtaining money under false pretenses.
It seems that these men, both of whom
are well-dressed and of suave manners,
were at the Antlers Hotel in Colorado
Springs from September 5 to September
11. Two young women were with them,
who passed as th»»ir wives. The men left
the hotel and went to Denver, there ap
prising the women that they would return
the next day.
They did not put in an appearance, and
about this time it developed that they
had feathered their nests in one way and
another to the extent of several hundred
dollars. At Colorado Springs the men
were said to have registered as J. T.
McKay and J. W. Ash.
Further investigation brought out the
story that they had left Kansas City on
September 1, and registered at the Brown
Palace Ho'el an A. W. Mann and wife,
Boston, and H. W. Gordon and wife, A;i
zonn. It i-< said they also announced at
one time that they were stock men of Fort
Worth, Tex.
•—• — ♦ — m
"LADIES' HIGH JINKS."
The Drill Corps of Golden Gate Com
in and cry Gave a Keception
Last Kvcuing.
A "high jinks to the ladies" was the
inscription on the handsomely engraved
programmes of a function Riven last
night by the drill corps of Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16, Knights Templar,
at Golden Gate Hall on Sntter street
The auditorium had been tastefully
decorated with red, white, yellow and
pale green silken streamers, the soit col
ors beautifully blending, and the broad
ribbons entwined on the ceiling and walls.
About 240 ladies and gentlemen were
present, lirnone the latter being Com
mander Sir Charles H. Murphy, Sir Frank
William Sunnier, past grand commander
oi the State, and Sir Knight J. C. Camp
be U.
The following literary and musical pro
gramme was given:
Overture, Cassasa's orchestra; introductory
remarks, Commnndant Frank W Sunnier
tdilress of welcome, sir J. C. Campbell; so
prano solo, Mrs. A. M. Noble; ten minutes
with Richard 1. Whelan; sKirt dunce, Miss A.
I.ockwood; tenor solu, W. J. O'Brien 1 recita
tion, K. A. Tarpey; guitar nnd mandolin duet,
Charles Youngberg and Henry Kellogf? ; stcre
opticon vitfwa. Boston Conclave ; re-citation
Miss Daisy Gilmore; descriptive song, W. J.
O'Brien; soprano so.o ('■ciooted), Miss Florence
Harrie.-, accompanied by Miss Maud Harries;
dow we li'-ar :rorn William J. Hi. ie 3 : music,
Hawaiian Quartet; barytone solo, J.J. Lermnn;
just a few remarks by Dr. Bieberst; coster
monger selection, Arthur Williams.
After these exercis s the guests sat down
to an excellent repast, the jinks lasting
well toward midnight.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
THE LIQUOR INTEREST.
Legislation Hostile to the Flow
ing Bowl Will, Be Guarded
Against.
Candidates Will Be Interviewed as to
Their Fee. ins; on an Impor
tant Matter.
Delegates representing; the liquor interests
of California held a meeting last night iv the
assembly-room of the Mills building for the
purpose of considering ways and means of
protecting the business from hostile legisla
tion.
Each society sent three delegates. The so
cieties are:
The California State Protective Association,
representing sixty-five wholesale liquor firms
in this City and about 7000 retailers through
out the State.
The Brewers' Protective Association, made
up of all the brewers in this City, Sacramento
and Oakland.
Branch No. 2of the California State Protec
tive Association, the retail organization of
this State.
German Saloon-keepers' Association.
German Retail Grocers' Association.
Retail Grocers' Union.
This convention last night decided to form
a permanent campaign committee, consisting
of three delegates from each of those associa
tions, to look after the interests of the liquor
trade during the coming campaign.
The following permanent officers were elect
ed: James P. Edoff, chairman; John C. Nob
mann, vice-chairman; William T. O'Brien,
secretary; D. B. Faktor, treasurer.
There are about 12,000 retail liquor-dealers
in the State of California, about 4000 of
whom are in San Francisco.
The committee will take an active Interest
in the coming election, and will devote its
entire attention to the candidates for the
Supervisorship and for the Legislature. The
liquor men are in politics on a business basis,
and will support only those candidates who
will assure them that they will not attempt to
legislate against the liquor Interests in this
State.
•—• — ♦ — •
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BT7BIN EBB OFFICE of (be San Francisco Call—
TlO Market street, open until 18 o'clock every
nlent In the year.
BRANCH OFFTCEB— BBO Montgomery street,
eornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Lark In street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, epea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, optrn until 9:80 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
BpEs» SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
v&~& Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence, 309 Haigbt st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. 11. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Morning topic, 'The Outlook"; evening
topic, "Keview of Conference." Fine music by
the following quartet: Miss ma Berclnnd, Mrs.
C. Burgess, Messrs. Elliott and Mcßain: C. K.
Herman, organist. Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.,
C.B. Perkins superintendent. Epworth League
service at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially invited
to all the services of the church. Seats free.
U»hers in attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednes-
day evening at 7 -.45 o'clock.
: «r^= HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH. HOW-
j m*& ard street, bet. Second and Third, two
I blocks from the Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W.
Case, D.D., pastor: Professor Martin Schultz,
I musical director: William F. Gibson, Sunday-
I school superintendent. . Hours of public service:
11 a. m. and. 7:45 p. m. Sunday-school. 12:30.
Prayer meeting Wednesday evening. Kpworth
League, 6:45 Sunday evening. Morning subject:
"Salvation, O the Joyful Sound." Evening sermon
by Rev. J. J. Pnrdee of Nevada. After-me- ting
v. ei'tini; conducted by Dr. Case. Church telephone
black 961.
[CS 3 CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
"-^ Church, Mission St.. bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth—The pastor. Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:46 p. m. Morning subject: "What
Do Ye More Than Others?" Evening: "An In-
ventory of Our Goodly Heritage." Sunday-school,
R. V. Watt superintendent, at 1 p. it. Young
Poople's meeting at 6:30 p. 11. Pastor's residence,
1210 Mission nt.
RSS» FIRST METHODIST EPISCOPAL
m^* f Church, Powell St.. bet. Washington and
Jackson— Rev. W. a. Urmy, pastor. Preaching by
the pastor at 11 'a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Subject of
morning discourse: "The Body of Winch Cnnst In
I the Head." livenlnc: "Responding to Christ."
1 Sunday-school at 12:30: John Potter, superin-
tendent. Kpworth League Chapter at 6:30 p. M.
All are cordially invited. Sea; free.
KrlS* FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
l>~£r cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. — Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Key. KdwinHart
Jenks. co-pastor. The Key. Maltland Alexander
of Now York will preach at 11 a. m. The pastor,
Dr. Mackenzie, will preach at 7:45 p. mI Sunday-
school at 12:45 P. M. Y. P. S. C. i:. at 6:30 P. K.
Prayer-meeting Wednesday at 8 P. M. ,
Br-~g= UNION -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
I*-*^ Church (open communion), Bush st., near
Larkln, "Free grace, free will and free commu-
nion."— Rev. William N. Meserve. pastor, will
preach. Morning subject. "Weights and Meas-
ures"; evening, "Ear Gate." Sunday-school,
Juniors and Endeavorers as usual. Jens Nielsen
is superintendent and J. U. Norrls musical dl-
rector.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
K!^gg= PROF. TATUM,~sIL^Tj^vIRITING^ME^
j*-£_jllum. 334 O'FarreU st.
DR7~HT I. JONES, OCULIST AND
*~-^ anrist, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post. Tel. Grantlol.
•rap BAD TENANTS IiJECTKD FOR $4-
B^-**^ collections mule, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.. room 6. , Tel. 6580.-
BK^=" BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
m^-^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 .Market st.
w£sS* GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OKDKK-
' *»-*' cheapest place in the city. H. UUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate nve.
I *S!S» Dl!. T. F. BBENNAN REMOVED TO
, »^' y Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
B^%~ DR. G. E. SnsSDOKFF HAS REMOVED
w^*' his offices to 22V 3 Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
IRS 31^rvuiK^o^yfivK^ix^l^ir^sG.
Ce^-*^ 35 (twenty-flve cents per share) of the
i Hutrtii:isoii Sugar Plantation Co. wlil- te payable
i a: the office of the company, 327 Market street,
lon and after Monday,— September 21, 1t96.
Transrer-booics will close Tuesday. September 15.
1896. at 3 o'clock P. if.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS AVANTED-FEMALE.
pERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VT son St.. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
WASHING. IRONING AND HOUSKCLEAN-
it ing by the day by reliable woman; terms 51
per day and carfare. Call or address 619 Natoma
St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ELIABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISH-
X\i es situation at general housework: is a good
pain cook: Kind to children; moderate wages;
city or country. 27% Fourth at. •
BRKSSMAKEK- FIRST-CLASS FITTER:
/ stvllsh draper and designer: thorough dress-
maker: by lh<> day. MISS WARWICK, 111
Grove Ht. - . .
WOMAN with CHILD 14 months OLD
it would like a place to work. Call or write M.
G. MEYERS. 39 South Park.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS KNITTING AND
X crocheting at home. Cull or address 161 Chat-
tanooea st , near Twenty-third.
, V A TRAINED NURSE, A POSITION TO
■ 1 travel with invalid lady. -Address A. D.. box
147, Call Offlce. . . .
XPERIENCED LADY'S OR INVALID'S
nnrse: best reference; assist In housework if
needed. 710 McAllister st.
KOIE>TAN T WOMAN WANTS A HITUA-
«o« l ? n to do general housework. Call or address
339 Minna si. • .'■
DKESSMAKER, REMOVED FROM 706 e£
Us si. to 502 O'Farrell, room 1; plain sewing
doueatbome. • ..' : --~-.:--*
WIDOW DESIRES WORK OF ANY KIND"
" sewing, mending, or would take management
or lodging-bouse; good housekeeper: city or coun-
try: after 11 a. m 821 Mission at . room 3.-
DRESSMAKER, THOROUGHLY COMPE-
XJ •ent. perfection In fitting and style, will . go . to
i »5 l " for *1 25 per day. Address Modiste, box
Hi, Call office
I pOMPKTKNT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
I \J 10 do general housework; no cooking; $15 or
$j|o per month. Call or address 16 Maria st off
Chesley. bet, seventh and Eighth.
AroUNG LADY. FROM MAINE DESIRES PO-
j ■*■ »itlon as typewriter. 223 Pojt St., room 1.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
tion to do general housework: good house-
i keeper; first-class references. Call oradaresi 350
I Preciia *ye.
YOUNG FINN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
! Xto do- general' housework. Address box L..
! West Berkeley.  ,:.■■■ . . '
j j ADV. OF PLEASING MANNEKS WISHES
J-« work, fit ncr us housekeeper, ups.alra work
j and plain sewing or care of children. L. L., box
126, Call Office. -
YOUNG G RL DESIRES PLACE; UPaTAIKS
X work or care for child not under » years old-
Western Addition preferred. Address 1114 Florida
St.. near Twenty-third: downstairs.
\\T ANTED-BY A REFINED MIDDLE-AGED
, it. woman position ; as housekeeper or care of
children, references excliar.^ed; 1.0 objection* 10
country. Call or address MRS. OAKEs. 1417
Harrison su - .»; v
*■■---..--<■■'; \
SITUATIONS W ANTED— Continued.
B^^ooloo^plcßT^cAim™^^
XJ flee work: young lady 7 years' experience;
quick, accurate; best references. Address H. C,
IKO6 Grove st. • '-  -
S" TRONO YOUNG WOMAN WI&HES TO DO
general housework incitv: good home main
desi c; no objection to children. Address A. D.,
box 43, this office. :■.
OOD RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITU A-
, f tion as cook «nd assist with housework in a
small family. 1616 Buchanan fit. ■ '
\ OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as chambermaid in small lodging-house. Ad-
dress 17 Third st., room" 22. ■ ■' '.
V\ ANTED— EXPERIENCED WOMAN,
" situation to do light housework. Call 413
Powell st. - -
t^WEUISH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
O the day, washing, ironing and cleaning. 7
Clementina st. .
"VTOKWEGIAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION
xi to do housework; upstairs work preferred.
H., 3 Reawood court, near Howard and sixteenth.
YY* OMAN WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY
»» washing or housecleaning. 829 Hayes St.,
near * Ulmore, in me base me ni. __^
pKFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKK POSI-
Xl> tlon as working housekeeper In lodging house
or widower's lumiiy. Room 13, 1 Finn st- '.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WOHK BY THE
X day; washing, ironing and general housework.
Cull or address 732 Union st. "- ..
RKSPECTABLK GERMAN" WOMAN, GOOD
Xt cook, wishes position as general housekeeper
and mancger: thoroughly competent; nurse also;
.business capacities. Address 741 Minna St.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
J X to do sewing and take care of children. - Call
or address 938. Pacific st.. corner of M ason. . -
RKBSMAKEK; $125 PER DAY AND CAR-
fare; good fitter. 112 Taylor. '
REFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE
any kind of sewing. Call afternoon, 144 Fifth
St., room 17, second floor.
fIiRAINED NURSE WISHES TO TRAVEL
X East with patient; remuneration, traveling ex-
penses. Address B. L., 1203 Castro St.. Oakland.
Vl, ' INCHES 1 KB. HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. Nit.
" Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"yOUNG, REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market St., room 19, second floor.
situations WANTED-MAXE.
U^T^ir^^car^C^lN^^TNTWAPA^
nese employment offlce. 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. YOUNG, mgr
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office. 511% Bush si., nr. Grant aye.
C\lilNKSi£ AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
J help ; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLE V 640 Clay.
CIHINEBK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V-' cilice; best help. 414 V O'Farrell; teL E h 42&
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 314b Sntter St.; tel. Grant 30.
ITUATION WANTED AS MANAGER OF
O fruit ranch or vineyard: is an expert in all
branches of horticulture; well acquaint d with
general farming; California and foreign experi-
ence: references. Address F. A. RODE a, Wat-
sonvllle, Cal. .
UTLKR (ENGLISH) WANTS PLACE;
thorough good indoor servant; would take
second man's place where 2 are kept: nndeniable
references 'from good families .East and West.
Address B. 8., box 12, Call Office. ■
MARRIED GERMAN WANTS SITUATION
to drive baker or any kind of delivery wagon;
or would like to work as stableman or do any kind
of work: will give irood reference. Address G. N.
L., box 75, Call office. ■ ;
ITUATION WANTED BY STRONG SINGLE
man of 3t> in wholesale house as assistant
driver: capaUetodo uny Kind of work. Address
E. D.. box 59, this office, ■
'<£* 1 PvO To WAN WITH GOOD JOB FOR USE
<tp 1 fJ\J of money. Address 134 Fourth St., M.
FOSS. - ■
ANTED— GOOD HOME FOR BOY OF 14
years: will do light work for his board. Call
or address 658 Folsom st.
ITUATION BY EXPERIENCED COOK FOX
0 men on ■ ranch, • mining, sawmill or logging
camp; understands her business. Address C,
1121 Howard st.
rrmo hough, COMPETENT WINE SI
X and vinevnrdlst open for engagement: highest
references for making fine wines ana for personal
qualities. Address 241 King st., bet. Third and
Fourth. San Francisco.
O HOTEL PROPRIETORS AND OWNERS—
A first-class paperhanger and painter wants a
steady job in city or country; has full experience
for trade, as well as good character; small wages.
Address H. H.. box 46, all.
r OUNO MAN WOULD LIKE TO WORK FOR
J- board while attending school in Oakland. Ad-
dress E. E.. 1683 Fourth aye., Oakland.
VOOSO BUTCHER ' WISHES SITUATION,
-I city or country. Address S. M., box 43, Call.
\\T ANTED-BY STEADY MAN POSITION AS
1 1 porter or choreman In store, wholesale, or fac-
tory: any kind of day work; wages $8 per week.
J. D., box 60. Call Offlce.
RCHARDIST. FAIRLf POSTED ON FKUIT-
V/ raising, pruning, . cultivating and Irrigating,
wishes position: or pruning by contract. Address
8., box 89, Call Office. ; ;
V OUNO MAN, SPJ'.AKS GERMAN, SPANISH
X and English, desires good position; commer-
da preferred. Address Y. 1)., box 117, Call Office.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS SIT CATION TO DO
waiting or housework in family. Address B.
sHIN A, 70» Oear>-st.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
roan, a position of some trust; is sober and
reliable; first-class references; security furnished
if required ; is a pood fireman and can run an en-
gine. Address R. C. G., box 60, C»U Offlce.
EDITOR .AND WHITER, AN 1896 KEN-
lucky Republican, now in Utah, wants position
on the coast: married; experienced: with good
references. JO.SL SHOMAKKR, P. O. box 1655,
Salt Lake City, Utah. . _.
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O Swede as coachman and gardener: first-class
milker; handy with tools: can also run gasoline
engine. Addres3 M. S., box 87, Call Office.
KADUATKD AND EXI'KHIKNCED PHAR-
macist seeks position: relief work only: best
references: steady and reliable. Address Drugs,
box 108, CfJl office.
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE MAN
iJ as porter in wholesale or commission-house.
Add 1 ess P. 8., box 117, Call Office.
POSITION AS SURVEYOR. ASSAYKR AND
X bookkeeper for a mining company in Califor-
nia or elsewhere by a man of experience; satis-
factory references given. Address surveyor, box
•J5, Call Uillce.
,\\i iNCiIKSTKR house, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room; YOU
rooms; 26c to $150 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus an I baggage 10 and' from the ferry.
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\J engineer Knd machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market St.. S. l., Cal.
\\T INCHESTEK iiOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAK
'» Market— Electric lights. In every room: 201)
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nlshi: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus ami baggage to and from the ferry.
FE3IALE HELP WANTED.
WASTED- GkIT>TaN~NURSKRY GCA^ErIT-
'» ess, $25; German or French cook, $35; Ger-
man waitress, 920; maid and seam stress, $20; 2
waitresses, restaurant, $15 and $3 50 a week.'
LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st. ..'...*' :
WANTED— LAUNDRESS FOR COUNTRY.
935; good lroner for country, $25 and tound;
girl, second work and waiting, country, $20;
Danish, Swedish or German cook for country, 3 In
family: 2 «Ir for country, housowtrk, $15; 2
tirst-cla-s cooks In the city, $25; girl for country,
housework, $20. C. K. H ANSKN «fc CO.. 1 10 Gear}-.
PARTIES REQUIRING GOOD. COMPETENT
X and reliable help in any capacity can be fur-
nished lit short notice by applying to C. R. HAN'-
SEN A CO., 110 Henry st. :■■•■.- . - '
OMAN, WITH A CHILD. $15; 20 HOUSK-
work- girls, city and country, $15, $20 and
$25. Miss CULLKN, 323 Suiter st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOKKING HOUSEKEEPER,
IVL country; $12. MISS cULLEN, 323 cutter.
HOUSEWORK GIKL FOR THE COUNTRY;
4in family: $20; see lady here. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Mutter st.
ISS ALICE POWERS — PLEASE CALL.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter St.
TVTURSE I CHILD AND BLEEP HOME; $16.
XI MISS CULLEN, 323 Setter si.
OTHER AND DAUGHTER, COUNTRY: $30
MISSCULLBX, 323Snt:erst.
YY' OMAN ox ranch NhIAR city, $18: sec-
it oud girl, $15, tare paid, and others. MUR-
RAY & it K a D\", Leading Employment Agents,
634-636 Clay at. ■ - - ■
YY AN 1 KD-F.'.ENCH SECOND GIRL, $20;
1 1 Protestant laundress, private family. $ 5;
colored girl for rooking and housework, $25; 10
girts for cooking and housework, In city and coun-
try, $-6: lady's maid, $20; chambermaid, wait 1
me«l. sv:o, and others. J. F. CROOU.TT & CO ,
316 Setter st. . ■ , ■
\\r AITRKSS, $4 A WEEK:* WAITKEHS AND
. 1 '.dochamberwork. $20 and room, small place;
cbambermald and wait some, city, $20 and room:
waitress, $15 and room: houseglrl, Alameda. $25;
Kir', Sacramento st., $25: nurse San Leandro,
fl6; girl. Geary it.. $15; girl, TurK st., $15: *lrl,
Fulton. St., $20; girl, Sntter nt. $15; girl. Los
Autos, $18, fareptld; girl, Point Lo bos St., $15:
14hous»glris, $15; 13 young girls, $8, 10 and
$'.2 per month, assist.- etc.; housekeeper.. $1&.
MARTIN'S, 74» Market st.
"L'XPERIE^OKD AND COMPETENT SALES-
xj lady »or underwear, corsets, gloves and notions
I* wanted at once. Ladles having their records on
llln with Ihe U. s, Industrial Agency are eligible.
Call to-uay at room 165. Crocker bull J lug.
WANTED - YOUNG WOMAN TO TAKE
'» cj.sh and be general!)- useful In family res-
taurant: must have some knowledge of book-
keeping. Address, stating experience, references
and wages expected, S., box. s, all OBlw?.-
A Y ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO PLAIN
'» cooking and housework. Apply at 222 Golden
Gale aye., bet. 10 and 12. .'
N XA * GE"rMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK
-Li and plain cooking; wages $15 to $17. 841
Geary st. ;
ANTED — APPRENTICE FOR DKESS-
»» making. 2-06 Uilmore st.
HELP WA^ED-Continned. .
tTuTTONHOLE M^CE^^N~VESTir~ROOM
13 l«0. St. Ann's building.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK. 1010
Fillmore st. v. - .  -
IRL TO DO GENEKAL HOUSEWORK;
VJ family of 3. 1842 Geary st.
VOUNU GIRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
X housework: wages *& 2706 butter st. ;
"V7"OU.NG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work in family of 2: wages $8. 723 Oak st.
Yy AITBESS WANTED. 106 SECOND ST.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
wages $16. 502 Van NessStve.
"IV ANTED— SMART TIDY WAITRESS AT
" Coffee John's Branch. 9 Stockton st.
YY' ANTED-COOK IN SMALL FAMILY. AP-
'» ply between 10 and 11 a. m. at 1434 Post at. '
"VTEAT RELIABLE GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK
J-T In small family. Call 238 Third st.
HANTEd-a COMPETENT LAUNDRESS.
Call at 317 Larkln st. ■ .
A N OPPORTUNITY FOR GOOD WOMAN TO
-tx learn our business: rapid promotion. Address
R. N.. box 109, this office.
GIRLS FOR FANCY WORK AND TRIMMING
VX on corsets. 1388 Market st.
MEW SKIKT PATTERNS; JUST IN; 25c.
J-i McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
V LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
-1- days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
AIR-DHESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell St., 105 9th.
AIRDRESrsINO, 260 AND 35c: MOKS lN(i
and eve classes: 101esnons.$l 60. 1248 Mission.
ACOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
tTX Winchester House, 44 Third et., near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $8
2^_rjv «■-'.:; :ree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
■". MALE HELP WANTED.
Ty ANTED^PLA NERM AN FOR~
" mill, $40 and found: baKer for country shop,
$26 and found, steady job, fare paid; miner, $52 a
month, good mine: butter-maker for first-class
place, $30 and found; 20 men to pick grapes for
large vineyard, $20 a month and board; also farm-
ers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers, at
W. D.;EWER & CO.'S, 626 Clay st.
6 FARMERS, DIFFERENT RANCHES, $20
and found; 2 farmers, same ranch, near city.
$20, steady place; 3 Scandinavian or German
farmers, same ranch, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st. * . -
JAPANESE SCRUBBER FOR COUNTRY
0 ho el, $20. C R. HaNSEN & CO.. 110 Geary.
MAN AND WIFE WITH GOOD REFER-
ences for private place, country ; wife must
be good cook: $40 and found; see party here. C.
R. NSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
1 ABORERS FOR RAILROAD WORK
X^i south; free fare. C. R. HANsEN <& CO., 110
Geary st- . ; •
1 A LABORERS FOR A QUARRY, COUNTRY.
X V $1 75 a day; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
\\T ANTSD-BH INGLE - PACKER, CARPEX-
»» ter for ranch, $20 and found: choreboy. $3
and found; 10 farmers. $15 and $20: harness-
maker, $8 and room: Inside servant, $20; neat
young man to work in restaurant, $20; cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT «ft
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
Nx MKN AND boys TO pick grapes.
OU work in wive cellars, etc. : t2O per month and
found. MURRAY <fc READY, Leading Employ-
nient Agents. 034 and 636 Clay st.
Ok GRAPE-PICKERS.NEAR CITY, CENTS
fare; call early: 2 months' job. MURRAY" &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
On MEN AND BOYS TO PULL BEANS, $20 i
*J\J and found: no experience necessary; 20 I
farmers, $20 and $25; 10 laborers; cboreman; !
20 tieiEakers, 8c each. MURRAY & BEADY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
DISHWASHER.-, CITY AND COUNTRY:
5 ho el waiters, $25 and $30; 3 cooks, $30, 740
and $60; second baker, country shop: barber for a
country shop: pantryman, $25. MURRAY «fc .
I READY, lauding Employment Agents, 634 and
I 636 Clay st.
pLANEK-HAND, COUNTRY SAWMILL. $40
X and found: see boss here. MURRAY <fc
READY. Ltadlng Employment Agents. 634 and
636 Clay st. -
"yoUNG MAN FOR PAINTING, ETC.; DISH-
X washer, $25 and room, hotel work; second
baker, $30 and room: two young men to wash
dishes, 10 and room ; dishwasher, $30, etc. ; shoe-
maker, country shop; cook, $9 a week. MaR-
IN S. 749 Market st. -
LAXERMAN FOR SAWMILL, $40 AND |
J- 1)0. rd; '£■ plowhands, $15; cook, $30: cook for |
few men. $18. li. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610
Clay st. .......'
\YT ANTED — WAITER FOR FIRST-CLASS
»' country hotel, $30: waiter who speaks French,
$40, etc. LEON AN DRE, 316 Stockton st.
ANTED- YOUNG MAN TO BE GENEK-
'» ally useful in dining-room: must be able to
carry dishes on the arm: chance for advancement.
J Apply 28 Montgomery st , between 9 and 11.
AN i ED— MAN TO TKAVbt AS MANAG-
ing partner for a business that should pay $200
■■ weekly; must invest S300; call to-day. ALLEN,
; 850 Market St., room 17. ;
i \\r ANTED— YOUNG MAN WITH SMALL
' » capital in publication business: office work.
Address Trade. P. O. box 260tf, San Francisco.
i A'OUNG MAN OF GOOD APPEARANCE,
1I 1 with some experience In groceries. 801 Bush
. St.. corner Mason. I
EXPERIENCED SHOEFITTER WANTED. \
XJ call between 8 and 10 a. m., FISHER'S, 112 !
Sutter st. - .
/'OOD BARBER FOR EVERY EVENING
' i ana Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. 504
Bryan: st.
\\r ANTED— BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND
>> Sunday. 137% Fifth st.
OOD BARBER SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
VX 443 Broadway.
ANThD-fiOOD BARBER FOR SATUR-
dr.y. 200% Eighth st.
JJ AKBr.R WANTED. 82 THIRD ST.
GOOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY, S& 427
\J Third st.
i.ARBER FOR SATURDAY' AFTERNOON
J> and Sunday at 1650Va Mission st.
O BARBERS 1-OR SATURDAY AND SUN-
— day: good wages. 1317 Stockton st.
YY^ ANTED— TWO GOOD BAIIBICRS FOR SAT-
IT urday, $3, at the Modern. 34 Fourth st.
GOOD PAINTER AND PAPEKH ANGER;
to work In exchange for room. 922 Post st.
AN WITH CARPENTER TOOLS. CALL 8
to-nigh', 1111 Mission st.
SECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $35. AP-
I O Dly 509 Kearny St., room 8.
OOD DISHWASHER W \NTED, AT 7 EAST
St., near Foist m: call early.
MAN TO CLEAN HALLS EXCHANGE
for room. Call after 10 o'clock 1118 Market. j
WASHER WANTED. 234 EAST ST., ■
opposite Howard 3. i
I rPAILoKS WANTED FOR BUSHELINO. S2OIA
I 1 Sixth s.; rail early.
YY a nted — BARBERS; LADY IiARBKU
»' shop for nnle for ».'OO. 207 Fourth st.
~\\7 A.NTKD-COMPE I ENT VOVP L i: TO
»* work at small sanitarium in country; man to
I attend cows, lio.-es and general work: woman
must be good cook and laundress: references; j
Germans preierred: small wages; steady home.
Address Resort. Call OlMce, Oakland.
i \K> ANTj-.D — i.LECI'RuPLATER OR PLAT-
»» er's helper. App'y S. F. Novelty and Plating
1 Works, 68, 70, 72 P rsv sU
A NTED-FQR t THE UNITED STATES
»T Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 ana 30 years;
not less th*n 5 feet 6 inches In height; of good
character . and .temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of I
the United Stales or persons who have legally de- I
clared their intentions 10 becom • citizens will be !
accepted: .- this important branch of the naval ,
n>rvice offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
I utilities to visit all parts of the world on board our {
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
1 Recrnl'.lng Office. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal. !
i W ANTED — SALESMAN CIGAR AND TO- !
j ' " bucco line for grocery trade, to speak German.
Address, with references, box O. 14. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED CUTTER ON CORSETS."
1388 Market st. . oc - ii *
1 EWELERB WANTED. 328 BUSH ST.
O room 4. , • .
pOMPKTENT MAN, CAPABLE OFMANAG-
VJIng large business; well recommended and have ;
$1000 cashy MY EKS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st. i
OO I', OLD-ESTA BLISH r.D DOWNTOWN
_i restaurant for sale. 7C6 Howard st. ~
S~ TEAKS/ CHOPS. ETC: 6 DISHKB~FOITS '
O cents. 635 Clay st., 'Big Yellow Front.
\\T A.vr^D-AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
»' some simple thing to ' patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may brine you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDHERBURN <fc Co., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
Offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BKT.
XI 3d and 4th— Single tarnished rooms, ni-^ht 15c to |
50c;ivoek $1 to $2 50 treading- room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean: quiet: open all night.
VY r ANTED - MEN TO . LI.AKN . BARBER
»» trade: only 8 weeks required; tools given and j
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1616 Howard. !
W'AiSTED-50 MKN FOR SINGLE ROOMS; I
$1 ween, 25c night. ,321 Ellis st; Bosedale. '
Mi-.N'S HALf-aOLING, 60c.: LADIES, 40a:
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's.S.F- I
OOMs 'lv 75ct'fc.K NIGHT: 600 To »:1 60 !
per week, Oriental. 225 Dm mm sl
W'ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY' U. S. ARMY
boots and shoos. K. KKNDA LL, 635 Mission.
T ARGKsi' STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES |
JJ on hand: shoes to order, $3 50: hand-sewea
snoe-x. $5. 7-JHV^ iiowanl St.. bet. Third and i-ourih
WINCMEoTEKUOUsK. 44THIKD ST..NEAK
'» Market ; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading
room: free bus and baggage to aud irom the ferry. |
TRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night: $1 a week.
LINUELL HoUsli,: SIXTH AND HOWARD
•la. ; single inrnished rms 75c week, 16c nigh:.
HELP WANTED— Con tinned.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
0 eecretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
ARBKRS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
meet secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Asan. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
ARBERS— 2-CHaIR SHOP FOR SALE. $75:
X> rent, Including gas. $10. 1932 Market st.
C"1 LOSING OUT NiCW AND SKCw.N'D-HAND
/' shoes at SOc on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st. .;..-.
S.— REitOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc.
"1 I \f\ MEN TO TAKE LODCiiNU AT IUo, 15c
J \i\J and 20c a nigh:, including tcStw and roiu
€24 Washington «.. near Kearnv.
ANTED— LAKORKKB AND MECHANICS
to know that Kd Kolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 10U
largo rooms: 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
KST IN CITY- -SING < E ROOMS. 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, SI 60 per wee*.
Pacific House. Commercial and Lei<!esdor3 sts.
ANTED— SINGLE KouMS, 15c A DAY: $1
f«efc; rooms for two. 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay at.
V I i>.N TO FKKD M.'.NHA'n'AA SXOCK .FOOD;
-'I all grooers keep it. v ■
ANTKD.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerk*. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutler
E ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE *<EPAIIi
shoes up to 12 o'clock every night; those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night, while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c: men's
soling, 50c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of 'hoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission St.. bet. First St. «nd r-econd sU
AGENTS WANTED. •
IN EVERY c6uNTY"wEST OF MISSISSIPPI
River, men and women to take- agency for
Lightning Scissors Sharpener: ■ enormous profits;
send at once: 25c for sample. For terms address
E. C. STOWE. box 841, San Joso, Cal.
ANTED— AGENT TO SELL THE ANCHOR
" electric belt; bes: In market; big inducement
for live agent to sell in every town and city on the
coast. Send for circular, Inclose stamp, S. C.
NEWBERN, room 7. 1032 Market St., S. F.
AGENTS FOR SEED'S WATER-FILTERS;
they fit any faucet, are durable, cheap and sell
on sight: $160 will start you. 719 Market, near
Third. j. "
ACTIVE, ENERGETIC MEN AND WOMEN
-t\. to earn from $3 to $5 a day. Rear office, 630
Market st. •
p KNTLEMANLY SOLICITORS FOR FIRST-
VJ class portrais. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sotter.
pANVASSKKS WITH BRAINS ND ABIL-
VJ ity: 11 to 12. H. CLARK, 625 Mission st.
AGENTS - "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," Commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters', the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
x: PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKKR & RAY CO., 723 Market st.
- KOOMS wanted.
Parlor fX6^r7^~r^oli^~furnished
-I- for housekeeping; not over $23; central; ref-
erenceß exchanged. M. >.. box 128, Call Offlce.
BOARDING WANTED.
pENTLEMAN, WIFE AND DAUGHTER OF
VjT 6 want sunny suite and board; north of Mar-
ket, east of Leavenworth: family hotel preferred;
must be reasonable. Address R. M.. box 16. CalL
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
WANTED "— SMALL IMPROVED FARM
within 50 miles of San Francisco. Room 616,
Safe Deposit building, S. F.
ANTED— CHEAP FOR CASH, SMALL IM-
proved ranch. Price and particulars R., box 8,
Call Olhce. '
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133 V& Mission.
SELL YOUR BOOK*, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to a. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
EDUCATIONAL.
E^LTrS^U^IT?ES^CC^LEGE, 24 POST
st. — Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc; 20
teachers; 15,000 graduates; catalogue.
A CADEMY OF SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY
A and occult sciences; pupils received: terms 6
and 12 weeks: terms reasonable. PROFESSOR
ASTROLOGY, 916 Market, room 26.
ME. MELVILLE' SNYDKR, 715 POST ST.;
-I'i-v cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday. Bf. M. ; $1.
YRKS', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
Montgomery St.; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
UPILS WANTED IN ENGLISH, LATIN
.1. and mathematics: literature a specialty. MISS
ROULSTON, 724 O'Farrell st.
.. 1-.LA.-SCO.-> LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTJNIi—
1 > Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O.^O. F. bltmk. 7th and Mkt .
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, Mj£
O rhanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
usaay : estab. '64. VAN DEll NAILLKN, 72» Mkt,
ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
St.: board; Bug., French, Ger., piano; $30 ma
PANISH LESSONS GIVEN HY EDUCATED
SpanUh lady; reasonable* 230 Page st.
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literatnre. MISS FAGS:-;, 427 Sutler st.
PANI*H,FRENUH,ETC.;Prof.DEFILIPPK'S
Academy of Languages.32o Postst;estal»'d 1871
A LMA K.-HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN BAN-
Jr\- jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17; thorough instruction
OOKKPNG, WRITNO, ARITHM.TC. GKA.UK j
X) day it night; nocla«ses; $5 month, 845 Mission |
HOP. LOUIS MERKI: VIOUN, MANDOLIN,
gulur, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. PowlL
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
-63 plano,3lnglng,French:s3mo. R. 14, 1 00 Polk
MR. & M>:s. KOLANLER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
X violin guitar mandolin, ' r-.10 1707 Market.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS '
FOR CASH OR EASY' PAYMENTS
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27-room house. $7001 •-'2-room house.... $500
- 10- room house. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, cor.. 3,000 14 rooms onSutter 700
11 rs., must sell 200 66 rooms,bestclty.3,soo
16 room 4. new. 1,250 31-ioom house.... 1,400 i
27 rooms, new. 3,000 110 rooms, corner.. B,ooo :
200 rooms.hotel. slo,ooo 11 rooms, only 75
35 rooms. '-'.500; 10 rooms. Junes St. 300
—I SELL AN;i EXCHANGE REAL K.-TATi5—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS —
H. C. DSCKF.R. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
<J» ( |~a7\ LODGING -HOUSK; 23 ROOMS;
•■ • Uv'.good iurnltnreand carpets; clears $76.
STENBERO CO., 632 Market st.
« ><• t >EW t UUNITUitE FOR LOTS $2600
—-^ 16 rooms: clear 1 $50 250
£8 rooms: making money : 476
18'J rooms; clearing $500 7000
10 rooms: cleiirint; $50.... 300
_ UN DERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market st.
UHNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS-
X $300 to $10,0i)0. PHELP3 & i 0., 917 LarKin.
TTiURMTURE OF. 5 ROOMS FOR SALE:
r (la. to let. 214 Sixth st.
» . -I -ROOM LO I (.-HOUSE : CHEAP, ON
- Tc account of s'clcnes*. 8.. box 16. Call Offlce.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"i^iß^rsAm
X Prices btaaJ till goods are completely 413!
posed of. -^
Oak bed 5et5. .........„.,.„, ............$1953
Bed lounges  809
.Staves 753
. Carpets, per yard .-. 55
Linoleum, per yard. ." 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prlees will
stand. Till such time we are conducting buslnea*
at BK. corner Seventh and Mission aus. i
NOONAN.
LOR CHEAP, COMPLETE SET OF
. J furniture, suitable for small family, and cottage
to let, consisting of 3 rooms, nice large basement
and plaukcd yard; rent SlO. Inquire 425 Alabama.
J A(> CAiIPr.TS: : CHAMBER SETS. $14-
-rt\J\J stoves, $5: parlor eets. #20; foldme-beds!
$10; bar outfits. T. D. McCarthy. 764 .Mission.
AT 1. J. NEUMANN'S,- 117 SIXTH. FOB"
lowest prices on household gnods uuw or jooJ
no r.ew »-i»«ri orili'i". <>n"n ev»»niii?<. •'■ -', --.-- . <
•~ FURNITURE WANTED.
pAS~H~""PAID for e.vtTue" houses or
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. t
BOW CHER, 222 Stockton; send postal! 1
AKFICKH-KNITCH: -WILL PAY HIGHEST
\J price, for second-hand offlce desks or take
them In part payment for 1 n*w. ♦ OEOUOE il
FULLh.It DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mlss.on "t. "*
T M S SIYVI?IiV?"I V-^ 1^ ABVA NT AG ETKY
X M. SILVKRSI ..1.N.969 Howard st. ;send postal
BUCKINGHAM t'UIi.ITUUK Tv u A v ~
p? S ta. She 8 P M^lo O r st fUrnl '- Ure ' cu^^y^
l^ n^^d V^ r cba^^^^,>;'i^T
."INDIANA AUCTION CO.. Sl'CCKasnß.'* TO m
J.J. SIMMONS' Ane . Co.. 1057 Mnrltp-. pay. .■„■«■.'
ATTORNEYS-
Iiw Bn£8 n£ SKT' »<>«: harKo unless succ'eMfn^J,
N°h»M F - J?LOOD ' lawyer, esaTXluiurr
■H building: - consultations 1™ ■ m.^Ji.!*."" i *
XVy iURK * MALCOLM. ATTO
JV law, room 431 Parrott biii;.it» ■■ 1 ■„,
A DVICF FREE; NO (11 a 1
£^_cessful. W. W. Da V 1 1 » -, ■
W m'/\ AM - , A TI"V- A-I-- j~\ w , ;.s 1 imui.M!
I " .bldg. Praciices mall couru;clmrgeii moUerai*
BUSINESS CHANCES. .
ALOON; " ; cornerT^established is
0 years: No. 1 locality; opposite carhouse; low
rent; long lease; fine living apartments in connec-
tion: suitable for a roadhouse or hotel; this is a
money-making place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
I avenue. - . . ■■■-.■ - ■■_- •
©Q- f\ SALOON WITH FOUR FINE LlV-
«jpOt)\.». ing-rooms and bath, doing good busi-
ness: cheap rent: fine locality; fine business for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
mjrTfifk ONE OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
•4P IUU. rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money: stand full investigation;
reason for selling, owner moving Into own prop-
erty : and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that Is claimed for it;
this is a rare chance. T.LtTBELsKI, 7 city Hal] ay.
Gil l\f\(\ partner IN welltestaii-
iJplUUU, lished office business: the inly ob-
ject in taking partner is to extend the business;
investigation win show this to be rare chance: a
fine opportunity for energetic man. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
HAVE GOT A FINE $10,000 BUSINESS LOT
in Alameda to trade for city property clear, or
will assume mortgage. T. LU.BKLSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. *
<8£ 1 f\fif\ BARROOM; CLOSE TO BALDWIN"
C I O\J\J. Hotel: straight 10c bar: long lease;
first-class day and night trade. WILKE, 531
California st.
ffl«*>X/Y PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCH-
tJO\J. er-shop; 8 miles from city: roonw; low
rent ; average 4 cattle sold per week; rare, chance
for right party. WILKE. 531 California at.
ODG ING-HOUSE OF 46 ROOMS, WITH SA-
loon established years; lease; low rent; very
beet location: rarest chance for German man and
wife. WILKE, 531 California st.
©17An CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
w x • «w. choicest location: Western. Addition;
rent $30; doing large cash trade; must be sacri-
ficed: owner going to Guatemala: fullest investl-
gation given. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California.
ffli^OO RESTAURANT ON KEARNYST.;
*•*.; rl y~ actnal value $1200; rent »50: owner
called bast on account of sickness. WILKE. 531
California st. ■ - =..
ft^OO CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
f^UXjyj. living-rooms: rent $30; doin* rood
business: choice location. WILKE <ft WOLF, 631
California st.
TUsT THE BUSINESS U WANT TO BUY
MY f ER^ S J t G h RrH C lg:77 a 7 nt M t a O rk P eTst """"^
WILL SELL OR TRADE FOR REAL ESTATE
shares in fruit-growing company paying large
dividend. MYERS & GRAHAM. 77^ Market aL
iftl4oo FINK iIEB TAURANT AND
WX'TXJXJ. oyster parlor: first-class trade and
location; receipts $65 daily; a fortune for some
one: thorough investigation invited; only a res-
taurant man can handle this place; a perfect aac-
nflce. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
ffljOKlV SACRIFICE— SALOON. 3 ROOMS,
tipOclV/. kitchen; well furnished: fine stock and
I fixtures: best accommodations; receipts $16 to $20
dally. MYERS A GiiAHAM, 777 Market st.
<2iA(\fl STATIONERY-STORE ON MARKET
«Jp rz \J\J . St. : low rent : well established ; sacrifice;
other business cause of sale; a good thine. See
MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st. ' a :.-. -
<Bj£vOn SsALOON, MARKET ST.; BEST
C"""- fitted up place on the coast: 2 cash,
registers, safe, etc. ; large stock of bent quality on
band; low rent; business will speak for itself;
more than value in sight; owner made fortune
and Is retiring. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
IGHKST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUR-
nltures, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
<3{Q/|n HALF INTEREST IN A CORNER
ifDU\J\J. saloon; city front; prefers partner to
hired help. STKNBERG CO., 632 Market st.
ffl» 1 (\fi STATIONERY AND BRANCH BAK-
*ipx\j\j. cry; good location: 2 rooms In rear.
STENBERO CO., 632 Market st.
<n>>7p. STEADY, RELIABLE MAN AS PART-
<P I *-». ner in show-card and sign business: de-
liver orders and collect: splendid chance to learn
good trade. STENI'.ERQ CO., 632 Market st.
TT'OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDKKT ESTAB-
X lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with,
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a fine <iay and night, trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
Bight travel: two floors -nicely furnished rooms at-
tached: sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. 3f.. tiox 100. Call Offlce.
ADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKK GEN-
tleman partner to help purchase fine-estab-
lished paying business; will furnish equal amount
of money; capital required $1600. X., box 15.
Call Office.
rJ7»n GROCERY AND BAR; PROMI-
*J\>\J. nent corner on good street: 3 rooms:
good business; best reasons for selling. Apply 917
Market St., room 2.
fi OOD OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
VT man in rapidly growing neighborhood, corner
Third aye. and Clement st., with 4 room-*; Sutro
cars pass door. P. DANGERS, lOx California st
\7-ARIETY KTORE, FINEST LOCATION IN
T Haywards, and paper route for sale; will In-
voice stock and sell route at bargain; call and in-
vestlgate. FRANK HOOSON. Haywards. Cal.
ARTNER WANTED— OLD-ESTABLISHED
contracting business: pays from $100 to $ir>%
each; must be steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C. E., box 25, Call Offlce. ■•- .-■ ■ ■
ffijßF\ft CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; A.
»£)iJ<J\J. few blocks from Market st.; doing t>
fair business: splendid location; Investigate this
chance. Address M. E., box 93. this office.
<si3^fW» -PAYING BUSINESS IN-
t$)*JUyJ\J, vestment in San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc: established 1889; must be sold.
Address P.. box 35, Call Office.
GOOD PAVING FAMILY WINE AND LIQUOR
r store: established 10 years: rent cheap; sold
account of too much other business. For particu-
lar: apply 20 Lafayette st. ,
SEED'S WATER FILTERS ARE THE BEST :
they fit any faucet; are durable and cheap-
-26c anil 60c; sent by mall on receipt of price. 719
Market st,. near Third.
I">INE CORNER GROCERY FOR SALE; FIVE
living-rooms; low rent and lease, inquire at
once room 40, Chronicle building, W. D. HEND.
RICK SON.
ft 1 VOO RESTAURANT; ESTABLISHED
— \J\J. 16 years; a pick-up; doing a good
business: make offer; Investigation given. Apply
29 Sixth si. ' r
fflj OK AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
«fl)Ot> $250 invested: safe. conservative'; prosDec-
tns, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N.v.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. COWAN BUYS
xT. stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
se.'ls on commission. Room 15, 26 Montgomery.
I, 'I RST-CLABS CIGAR-STORE FOR SALE IN
X San Jose; must •be sold before October 1. Ad-
ply WILLIAM OSTKRMAN, San Jose.
(2?»>(W\ RESTAURANT ON MARKET ST.?
rent $45: good business; good reasons
for selling. D. McRAE. 827 Market st.
tf YOU WANT TO BUY OR sell a re*
i X tanrant, saloon or any kind of business sea
| UNDERWOOD A CO.. 765 Market St.
i Q ALOON — $400; RARE OPPORTUNITY-
-1 O must sell, as my other business demands my
I entire attention. Apply 209 Ellis st
ARGAIN— HOUSE AND SIGN SHOP Esl
tablisied 9 years In tine location; low rent.
Call and see 11 Drumm st.
AKERY, CANDY, STATIONERY, NOTION."
dry goods; 2 living-rooms; cheap. 1307
I Buchanan. *
NEWSPAPER ROUTE-IN INTERIOR CITY*
close to San Francisco. For particulars aonly
this office. »..-....,-,.
ADY FROM THE EAST DESIRES GENTLS>
man partner; small capital. 865^ Market st.,
room lv. c
YVANTED-TO BUY PAYING SALOON OR
' ' cigar-store ; state terms. F., box 9, Call Office.
<s>7ir SALOON-COMPLETKLY FIXED UP;
<IP I <■». living-rooms Third st. Inquire 235 Third.
ELDERLY MAN TO TAKE INTEREST IN
XJ business with ladies. 1004 Market St., room 1.
•C*OflA BARGAIN: SALOON; TRANSFER
<{pOV\J. place; fine stock liquors. 805 Howard.
GJ ENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of some means. 1 Fifth st,. room 12. -
KNTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
capital wanted by lady. 821 Howard, room 14.
C CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; LIVING*
\J rooms: good location; rent $20. 616 Market st.
SALOON: . LONiJ LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
-0 ply at Union Brewery, Eighteenth ariW Florida.
DAI..Y AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; 4 LlV-
lng-rooms; tor sale cheap. 1008 Hyde St.
KRCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
] -"X bought by J. C. MUTHKR. 63'J Market, rm. 8.
ADY DKSIRKS A GENTLEMAN PART-
ner; $50 capital. '223 Post St., room 3.
OOD THtMMKR WISHES TO BUY INTO
VJ small millinery business. s . box »a. Call.
Jauvuksihks A GENTLKMAN PARTNER;
Xj $35 capital, IV Maaon s:.. room jl_ __
rpo LET— BAKKRY KKAUY tXUI Ut'SINEaS.
X 8200 Sixteenth st. |
ROUTE FOR SMI ACHoSjTTniS"IJAY. IN-
quire at Call oilt.«
CAKFI i %1 1 vmn«.
A""~DVArfciT*CA nVM^twANixu CO., '•OS
Suitor, twl. Main U'.H.^ ?k y>.UMl>ON,m»usr.
ONI- « CA>» \MA^TS «» AND U7
KK-lith m.t tc^. J**M* W«\: __ . -.^
•JO A YAIIO.-Af^^VTWtSV'RnN" OA itPKT
•» I'.I'RIVIU;. \>
OAttfKr ot^/AVlN^^rTr.rvfNU, M.l : ItUU
i saw p<f< ft»g-- W-. -3>^«rf» 9\y *t»»Ut>n. lHWthst.
YY' UEN~ VOt'^^^SS'^l^TM^TKl) WITH
' ' po»>f «%k V>VtA Tfl^v lV Vr' " *' w I'lunoer Car-
sel UtmVn i \\yH*\ !<.Vy : iT «U|tel. Hq 40.
k.UKJCOVa-
: JAMy3o^M > «y^^ w^ i;i w wouto 'J5O.
t >\hi'*r:ria'^X : x'EY\^vS it uknovatko
V^ \m 5Wi ,^¥:W,-;V.s\>y * •'• Ttnth: l*L
.ur.-Morv
Ik ifK^¥:tXV : X^?fc¥vLlfXlNlNu co.. j\\f
I v ' • Wzh <-on V 4,
i CTima-v:^S;A vV «i V \ N i ( U K."»TrrTTFTRI£
O y>Vt>pj.Wn»Mtftg~ nAV-ftjuVd »« |J<l ' S an larkln.
I, M k« »V vh w i'^K^sT^TrrtN K8: "adT
X 1 VahcH wilp^rij. C'RA^k U TAYLOU.UOiPoaj,.~~\~^.'.^ KOp SES TO LET.
KT.T n *i D^CED -FI.VKXKW
I-..!,.', Rnd modern residence of 18 room«: '_
Da.ns. etc.; excellent location lor private boardine-
h r^ %?l *? ld * n « 5 Oose to Van Ness and Post st.:
a positive bai ? liberal inducements to respan-
*-nV ny ' BHt - WALD. BCCKBKE _ CO.,
Montgomery s:.
pI'.IVATt; HOTEUCOR. Mc.VI.LISTEK AND
• l^aguna: 2 floors, containing 35 rooms: a"! sun-
ny: Mar^et-st. cable passes: low rental. Full par-
llculars. MADISON A HUIiKK. MB Market st.
IKI 4 VALLEJO, NEAR GOUGM - Ni.W
/ V l -- 1 houst?: tine marine view; 10 rooms and I
oath: modern improvements: rent very reason-
able to .suitable tenant. •
ryixvEßsK stTTbet. eighth AND NINTH.
/^ Bryant and Brannan— 4 rooms and stable for
Wfgon and 2 horses.
25 J' KAf '- L - GFF MARKET-FIVE ROOMS:
____"jU n; large ya-d; stable: sun at] day.
8 ?P°, M^ -C ATH , L AU N D R Y A N D 1 NFIN-
ri, ' 8n .* basement ; front and rear yard for flowers;
*X!?B» c 'n?i?_" ul streo:: oPP<>»!te private park;
___50_DKMPVfEit, 36 Glen Park a y , off lath!
XT LEG ANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 Ollb: MOD-
A:ils:erst ProVenlentS: rent reasotiabte. 818 Me-
** 1-at.vT St.
SsX HOUSK 5" ROOM Si FINE VIEW;
%.^-. healthy. 1557 Kearny near lireeawich.
TTO USE 6 ROOMS; SI BLeTTcFsTALLS;
.-*-*- large yard. 231 Ash aye., near Van Ness.
.*<!(» « ••- A X HOUSK: 5 KOOMS ANDCE.-
T-ird. • lar. inquire 7_4U| Howard s:.,.near
H^OSS; BATH. 17 HAMPTON PLACE,
y off Foiaom st.. bet. Second and Third.:
JJH_iS KUU S?fc:: 6 KOOJIS. BATH, BASE-
V— O. ment and yard. 521 Page st.
TTUCSE 9 ROOMS. BATH, *IN_ MARINE
—i. view. $50. 1920 Broadway, near Laguna.
<•)() 2814 LAGUNA ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
'- — v/ « $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
U OUsi-.s 1O KENT FOU VERY LITTLE
-J-X money a: BALDWIN «_ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4 T< ' 6 "^olTNic^^"fs'A^_rc^TTAGEsl
$10 to $15. BPECK 602 Market st.
T XV COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH:
X rent $9, $14. ;s2>-327 Cnmbertanq si. j
1 R'^IL'RK- COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO 3-
J *-> — — room rear cottaec-: large stable.
0091 mission— sp"len~dTd cottage 8
*-'-- -* rooms and bath: yard: flower garden: $18.
1) EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON ]
-i*- Geary. Sutter, Frant'ln and other streets; cet
i.st; pood teuams wanted. SPECK <_ CO., 602
Market su
FLATS TO LET.
BENCH FLTTT7^OOMS^~iBA^r^^NirsTA^
•A tionary wasbtubs; uewlv tinted: sui:able for
doctor. cor. Twenty-third ang Guerrero. r" 1 :.
"TIPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND bath-. 2
y •-win lows; sunny side Lily aye.; rent $14.
41»i/j| Lily aye.
LKcTaNT NEW FLATS: FINE STABLE:
-L' owner will be on premises Sunday. 743-745
Ciayton st., bet. Waller and Frederick.
SUNNY FLAT— COX. GOUGH AND GROVE
sts.: 6 rooms and bath; rent $25. Key at
« hue's drugstore.
XpRENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS: BATH; WASH-
-»■ house and stationary tubs. 3941 Guerrero st.
"LT'LAT. 3 ROOMS; BAT Ji : NEWLY PAPERED:
X Mission warm belt. 3513 21st St., Dr. Valencia
0 SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
*J $11. $10 and $9. 2041 Harrison, opp. 18th,
I'LAT. 4OK 5 ROOMS, BATH: CHEAP. 1513
Taylor 1 ., pet. Pacific and Broadway.
CPPEKFLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH; CELLAR;
opposite i.urllne Baths. |Key 121.' Larkin.
9] 70 FIFTEENTH ST., NEAK MARKET—
— XHj sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath; $14.
ii; FIVE LARGE SUNNY ROOMS; .YARD;
ijpXO. cellar: water free. 1224^3 Folsom st. i ;
[PPEK FLAT, 4 KOUM s7b"at"H. LA IN DitY
*-- tub, tiled sink, door opener, electric bells, etc,
overiorking private park. $20: lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath, launcry, large yard for flowers. $25: all iii
perfect condition: on Twelfth at. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye.
4 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH: SECOND
floor: clean: delightful private street. $15. ;
I>EMPSTEK. 36 Gien P»r. aye., eg Twelfth.
IF YOU. WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT, OR
cottage, see me; I have some rice turnished
cottages to ieu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
LOV_UY, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
5 ruoms and bah; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third st., 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 tiil further notice.
OWES BAY-WINDOW FLAT 5 LARGE
rooms: yard. : 0 -loss St., -.ween Sixth and
seventh, off Howard. .
(i"j 7 UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH. 4059
CXI. Nineteenth si., between Hartford and
Castro, near two cars; apply lower flat.
>LAT; $19; 6 ROOAi-< AND BATH; 524
J Grove st YON Kill-.! ■> <fcco.
yiNE UPPER FLAT 5 SUNNY . BOOMS:
I bath. 1006 Jackson st., near Mason.
7 lIiA I* RI.-JON -T : :' ICE "Flat'oF 5 ROOMS
1 O~± and bath, Sib: 78>>. 4 rooms and bath. $15.
Cj7 UPP RFLAI 4KOoMts.YAiiD,WATISK.
0 I • 1111 Elm aye., bet. Scott and Pierce sts. ,
WO LARGE SUNN Y'KOOMS, WASHROOM,
large yard; for housekeeping. 23 l-.lgln Park. '
0 BUBO Am FLATS NEA« CITY HALL; 4
— and 5 rooms. 6 and 713 Grove s:.
<>1 A CHOICK SUNNY 4 KOOMS. 1120 a
CTJ-"i« Broacway.
/.NTED— 2OO UOoD TENANTS; KENTS,
'» from $10 up fur flats, cottages. SPECK <_
CO., 602 Market st.
'LATb TO KENT foil VERY LITTLE
1 money at BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND'S. 10
.Montgomery st.
CO/»a TURK. BKAK — HISSV, UPPER
OJ.\J flat; ail light 100 ms; rent $12.
010 SEVENTH, NR. HOWAKD — UPPER
Z.YiJ flat of 4 sur.cy rooms and bath.
L' OW£K SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS;
bath; laundry; low renu 1800 O'Farrell st.
097 clementina~st.: cozy flats- OF 4
• ->». 4 rooms: reduced to $12.
1 ti «_)1 MISSION. SEAR ELEVENTH— 6
XOXiJ-i large sunny papered rooms; bath:
laundry.
AND 4 ROOMS; SUNNY FLATa; BATH;
garden; 13 and $16. 1706 Post st..
'RENCH FLAT. 4 ROOMS: BATH AND STA-
tlonary wasatubs. Twenty-third and Guerrero-
_OCSE__EriNtt ROO_IS.
Ellis Street.
QQA ELLIS— TWO" SITNNY ROOMS FOB
ijO\J honseiceeping In rear; rent 12. ■_-. ;,. -ty-
Elgin Park.
«- ELGIN PARK. NR. RIDLEY— TWO FUR-
■_: i nished rooms lor housekeeping: bath; gas-
i. mil street.
m FIFTH— NT SUNNY UNFUR-
-1 U 4 nlshed large front room to let.
-t A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
Ol'l room and kitchen: bath: yard: private; $11.
fourth street.
FOURTH-NICK SUNNY SUITE FUR-
OUO nlshed rooms: also housekeeping.
v.».«»ry >ir«J..
A ■ Q GEARY — ENTIRELY RENOVATED:
l i JL furnished or unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. >
Uuwtrtl Street.
r- tn HOWARD— 6 BOOMS FURNISHED
I ■-D for housekeeping; rent $17.
nnil HOWARD— ELEGANT PARLORS, SUN-
O__ ny single, double roo.t.s; light housekeep-
ing; $4 up.
11 A 9 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
I \~\-* Ing rooms: range; bath; rent *10 to $12.
Hyde Stree;.
6 HYDE-TWO OR THREE SUNNY HoU3E-
keepinir rooms, complete: rent $15.
Lurk in street. .
inn LARKIN- NICKLY FURNISHED AND
~{JLO sunny rooms, suite or single; housekeeping
If desired.
_Ia 1 ket Street.
-1 AQQ MARKET — FURNISHED HOUSE-
Xt/O_ keeping rooms, In rear, $2 week; also
single. $1 50 up. s_
j-iuna. -"iree.. '. .••" ':■£■•?.
nri MINNA — 1 FURNISHED FRONT BASE-
ij i 1 ment room: stove, closets: private family.
►7- MINNA— FRONT ROOMS TOR
DID bou'ekeeping. - ■■ . .-.
IM.OT -' fee 
•""7 SIISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
00 I complete housekeeping; convenient; $10
m on'.h. '■_
TTTTI MISSION— BUNNY HOUSt KEEPING
I r(3i ■> rooms, furnished, unfurnished. $6: single
room 94. _^
MIMSION-2 NKAT ROOMS FURNISH-
OUO ed complete fforr r hous° keeping.
1 f\t>O MISSION — 4 "SUITES OF NEWLY
I U'')O furnished rooms f>r housekoepln*: gas:
baths: hot and cold water free: rent $12, 814, $16
mid 420: also single rooms at moderate rates.
*""__— .Ninth Street.
ill N INT AY-WINDOW ROOM: LIGHT
__ housekeeping: running water: also others.
— - Oak Street .
1 n OAK - I SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
1 U for housekeeping. \
" Octavin .street. ,
1 AAS OCTAVIA, COR. OEARY-BAY--WIN-
14Uo dow; folding-bed; kitchen: gas stove.
Pearl Street.
Q PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPT. A VIA-
p Front and b»c_ parlor Jarnbhed lor _on»e_pg. »
HOPSEKEEPINJB ROOMS -Continued. :
iuik street. "~" "
534. P0LK) ST.-4 ROOMS AND BATH; $12.
\ Seventeenth Street.
QJ ~\O SEVENTEENTH- large FRONT
Vj^V room, with alcove and large closet, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $8.
i viKima Street..
JO'Ja TEHAM.A-2 NEAT UNFURNISHED
'»" rooms; rent $5 a month.
Thirteenth Street.
'>)(' THIRTEENTH, BET. MISSION AND
•-J— U Valencia— 2 sunny rooms furnished com-'
plete for housekeeping; separate porch; rent $1-.
Twentieth Street.
Qf'99 TWENTIETH. NEAR VALENCIA-2
«-»».»_ _w snnny connecting furnished rooms;
housekeeping.
-wcnty-slxth Street.
OOXX TWENTY - SIXTH — FURNISHED
*J*J<J%J rooms for housekeeping, $8 to $10; single
$1 and $5.
Weigh Street.
] I A WELSH, OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
J. L~t nicely furnished housekeeping rms; cheap.
'■■'," '.t''< ' - Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY. ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
— -— '- renting ace.acv: r,o fee for reeisterini.
IiOOMS TO LET.
Birch Avenue.
1 9 AND 22 BIRCH AYE.— RENT REDUCED;
X— . newly papered and decorated; opp. Hall.
— -ui>U («treo..
1 1 9 CI BUSH. COR. HYDE— SUNNY ROOM;
X itJQ upper Hat; $10: with bath.
California Street.
71 Q CALIFORNIA— DOUBLE ROOM: AL«O
Hi's connecting rooms, 4 beds, suitable young
men.
' i-.»lllh Mine.,
CHF.KMArt APABT-U-VT HOUSE, r* STn
0 «— iietu- Market: ;.:rn:slii'! and nnfurnlshwL
-.ill. Street.
TnK RAMON'A. 130 ELLIS; MBS. KATBI
HART. manager— A quiet house: rentr_ly lo-
i rated; newly furnished: elevator: hot <fc cold water.
t>9] ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOK BEST
O_. i lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
bear- street.
91 - GEARY— 3 sunny rooms in REAR;
-II cottage: key premises.
_f1 Q GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
I tXO lors: suites vr single: entirely renovated.
tulueu liat« .i\tnue.
Z%l R. GOLDEN GATE A YE.— PLEASANT
tJXXJ sunny rooms In a private family.
ii u»'«rd m.ss..
1 1 90 HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
Xl— o large closets; $6 a mouth; quiet; clean;
private.
1 CfM* HOWARD— 3 OK 4 SUNNY FRONT
1 QUO rooms; rent $9.
done* vre«t.
907 .'O>T.!»- THE \AX WtmCMtt NKW
_. \J 1 rcanacement; elegan: rnnny suites ani
tingle: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to s:i:i.
i- *«;rn— «reo..
9Q KKAKNY-MCELY FURNISHED ROOMS:
— O terms reasonable: quiet house.
Oft KEARNY— FURNISHED SUNNY suite,
•Jv/ single rooms; electric lights; transient so-
licited.
A i:LINGIoN HOUSE, 127 KEAKN V —
— » Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; lirsi
class in every respect; terms reasonable. •-.' — ■-■■
Laguna Street.
9£l R LAGTNA. NEAR UNION— 2 NICELY
— -OX U furnished rooms.
Uu'kin street.
"I 9AH LAKKIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
J. —v/U front room, $5; back room, $4. ■ . ..:-• p.
j.ukp ;.«o .
\roua_iTß HOU6K 1045 MARKET — per
1 night. Ssc to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
McAllister Street.
99m MCALLISTER, OPP. city hall—
_— Large sunny furnished and untarnished
rooms; suitable for offices: also 2 suites.
i..ulon !^lr«c_s. '
CA 7 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
<J~l i rooms by day,- week or month, 25c to $1
per day. . ;
i*l O MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
Old rooms,lsc to 50c pernlght; $1 to $2 a week.
1 HfVU MISSION. NEAR SIXTH — BUNNY
1 yjyJo furnished room and kath for gentleman.
"I »)Af' MISSION— tRONT AND BACK PAR-
X-.V/V) lors, nicely furnished; board optional.
v ilaj,; «, a A>euu«.
1 XT (\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.-FINELY FUR-
l'Jlw nishel bay-window alcove; complete
housekeeping; sun; $10.
o'l'Hi-reli Mrtet.
"I 99 O'FARRELL— LA RGB SUNNY FRONT
a.—.—, room: elegantly furnished; all conveni-
ences: reasonable.
Fin* street.
-1 roo PINE — LARGE bay- window;
LO_i'O front room : also 2 large back rooms.
* oik street. ~ ~ —
1 A A "\ POLK— UNFURNISHED FRONT AND
1-1 40 back parlor.
i-ost Street.
•71 Q POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
I— O en suite or single: private bath.
roweli Street.
91 9-214 POWELL, (WILLISFORDI— EN'.
— . 1 — Urely renovatea throughout; .newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
99PL POWELL, COR. GEARY— SUNNY R Oil
_._.<J newly fur.: *8: also targe sunny cor. room.
second Street.
m SECOND — LARGE LIGHT SUNNY
XXO rooms; $1 a week up; quiet: clean.
seventn >treet.
1 A 9 SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
— Tt— • housekeeping^; also single rooms.
■ Jitli Siree;.
1 <)T. SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
X — double and single furnished rooms.
Sixteenth Street.
OQAO SIXTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD —
— c'U— Neatly furnished front room for gentle-
man ; $5.
Stockton Street.
T^UROPEAN (THK). 17 BTOCKTON-FUR-
Xli nlshed suites, $4 to $10 jingle rooms, *1 50 to
$3 week: SOc to $2 night: hot and co.d running
water in every room: baths; eievator: transient.
Cl O STOCKTON, NEAR BUSH — FINELY
OX. O(furnished suite and single rooms; private
family. , _
cutter street.
QAQ SUTTKn— BOOMS OR SUITES,
QUO $1 25 to $10 wk; night 2Sc to $1 50: transl.
Taylor Streec.
n-\ 9 TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
UJL_ also suite; rent reasonable. ,
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NR.M ARKET— LARGE SUNNY
front room; light housekeeping If desired. ■
1 iiircJ Rm;
1 Ql THIRD— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
10l rooms, $1 and op; a'so housekeeping. ■■ ■
Q1 7 THIRD— LARGE SUNNY CLEAN RMS.;
OX I double or single; day, week or month.
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
TTcp7*BoS_- I NTc_LY r F\j'R^i^_!D^B7)XT
HOI room with board private family ; reason-
aole. ■ ■ ■ ■ . . -
TSkntleman can obtain an ele-
GENTLEMAN CAN OBTAIN AN ELE-
VT gantiy furnished front room with breakfast if
desired; references required: terms $10 per
month.' Mrs. 8.. box 32. Cal. ' -
111 GUERRERO-SUNNY NICELY FUR-
'I HO nlshed double parlors; with board;
reasonable. '
- 1., POST— I NICELY FURNISHED ROOM.
I 1 — ■ with board, suitable for 2 young men; use
of parlor and piano; $20 each. . . 1
IAI ft UTTER — FiNKLY FURNISHED
lilO rooms and board; us* of bath and bll-
liurd-rocui: references.
1 (\I\Q DtVISADERO— FURNISHED BOOMS
X *J\l'J with board: «20 per month.
A<T)A EDDY— SUNNY NEWLY FURNISHED
i_-"l rooms: beautiful house; excellent table;
reasonable. .
-07 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
lOi parlors or single; use of piano; board op-
tional. ' ' :.....
i 1 i) EDDY — LOVELY FRONT. SUNNY
•* 1 _- room, with board for 2; $45. ■
()Q|- CLAY, NR. DEViSADK)IO— SUNNY
_OJ .*) room: use of i.arlor: board $25, or $40
for two: gas, bath: take Eddy-st. cars. - ■ -
U'l'r.u _h.KILI-Nvi. il4 «L 7 A FAMILY
hotel: ie>erence« Hi veu —ia retioxrei; ; _v mud-
*m conveniences. '.'.-. -
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TT'XPERrENCED -" NURSE' WISH K3 AN IN-
i_ fant .0 board; $10 per _on:_. £919 Sixteenth. I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
STORES TO LET.
OTORE: GUERRERO AND TWENTY-THIRD
C) sts. : concrete cellar; built for druggist; best in
Mission tor drnctore.
CTORE: VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
O sts.; choice location; adapted for shoe or dry-
goods store. -
645 NATOMA ST.-STOKE TO KENT; $12.
"I ARGE STORE, WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
■*■' and -windows; located 420 Sutler st.
; Apply to K. MCELROY. 4 Phelan building.
I J I A KEARNV— LARGE LIGHT DESIRA-
~'w Lie &tore: occupied at present by paying I
restaurant: low rent. Apply on premises, room 34/ |
: OFFICES TO LET.
i e^k^oomToTeTin a pleasanVsun^
, XJ ny office in Crocker building forBlsper month,
; with free services of a competent senographer.
Address H. H. BACON, box 92, Call Office.
KNTAL OR OTHER OFFICE; CHEAP;
j XJ cor. Folk and Sutter: also rooms. 1141 Polk.
I O«J(« SUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
i —O\J front connecting suites, especially adapted
i for doctor. .. ,. .. , 
C CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOKFF (L. AND
I L. and G. building— Sunny offices: light, water,
■ heat and janitor services free: electric elevator;
, rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
i T?1NB OFFICES: 23 KEAKN V _T. ; SUITA-
| X bite for any business. : . ; .-■
'' OPKKCKEUb. BUILDING, »27 MARKET —
I O Elegant si'nnv offices. $12 50 up; electnc-llght;
I beating and ;.i»ii!tor service free. Apply at bull—
or». H. UMSSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery «.
BICYCLES.
ON D-H AN D BARGAINS: CRAWFORD,
0 $30: Barnes, $55: Ben Hnr, Ladies', $50; Fow.
Jer, $55: Ladies' Fowler •■96,'' a bargain; also
others. DA VIS BKOS., 23 Geary st.
TTIGii-GRADE 2D-HAND WHEKLs $25 UP;
XX sundries below cos:. 218 McAllister. "
'"YTEKY FINK '96 BICYCLE FOR" *20. DAVID
V N. KAWLEV. 31* Market st.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET:
; X best accommodations. Terminal Geary, _(>
AliUter and Powell st. rnr lines. ■
FOlt SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BAXDSAW, HAND ANdHpoOT POWER;
XJ piano box bu»gy, full leather top: heavy busi-
I ness buggy wits top: good business horse, harness
; and lignt wagos: all will be sold cheap. 820
Howard st.
(i'JAA NEW COMPLETE BAKING OUT-
i t^O\J\J. fit; Taunton oven. 473 Twelfth st.,
Oakland.
THOROUGHBRED ENGLISH MASTIFF
— pups for sale cheap. 957 Market st.
O.JSn AERMOTOB WINDMILL AND TANK
; '~ — O\' for $65. Inquire postoffice for LOUIS
ISAACS' place. Upper Frultvale. -..:..
, YEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
! -> W. S. KAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
! "VICE COCKEREL SPANIEL PUPS: FOUR
i — weeks old; cheap. 1132 Bryant st.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
ing. etc, bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
OFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PKKS-. 1
j V stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. IU- Clay. ;
I I- UYYOUK BABY CARRIAGES AN DRAT- i
I I- tan furnitnre at the factory and save retailer's I
! profit; pet our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First St.. j
| near Mission. |
i PLENDID REMINGTON TYPK WRIT Kit
j O $45: others from $.'0 up. REVALK. 409 CaL
• ijUII_"ks,ENGLNKs,2D-HaNDMACHINEUY.
j -<-> waterpipos. Mclntoah — Wolpman. 137 Be—
C' OI.\II X X S. —4LVISU, bIIUM'CA^KS
bars bough: <_ sold. 1121'*> Markt.bet 7th A Sta
A LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
-X cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing: open i
evenings. S. *'. Baby Carriage Mfg. (a . 442 Sixth.
j GOOD SECOND-HAND BUILEK; ALSO LOT
jVJ pulleys, shafting, etc. W. _. bANFOIiD,
! 415 Washington ai.
j *> HOKSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EX~
—^ i;ine; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay s_
, UILDINU-S BOUGHT: LU M _ E ' v£>SUi_
■ coors. mantels, etc for sale. HK'j Mission.
( N_ :-.MA__ -MtUILJJ ...sl> LAKUK aIZS
I fir" and hnr?'-r «»>« (>*> him -^.- »;
sewino MACHINES.
\ LL KINDS bought, SOLD, EXCHANGED?
rented, repaired: lowest rate's. 208 Fourth St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
V BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CAHLOAD
X lots and for cosh, and being In mv own build-
Ing. with co rent to uay, I can offer any one desir-
i ing an instrument better value for less money than
i any other music house in San Francisco: Investi-
gate anl be convinced. HARRY tCOTT, 526
Hayes st.
4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
Kearny and suiter sts., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
*3, ii. $5, $6. $7. $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 aud
; $25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest I
j pr ces to bteinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Urands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
! bought from us for about seme payments? every
; piano guarantee I : fine wood-seat stool aud draped
I cover included: no chant- for drayage: pianos
j kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY <_ CO., cor. Kearny and Hutti-r sts.. also
| Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle. Wash.; Stein-
| way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
| ACTUALLY THE Bi.ST BAKGAINS IN PI-
; .»- anos; see our list for this week; pianos on $3.
! $4. *5, $6, $7. $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
j ments: tine stool and cover with each ; delivered
free any re in the city and kept tuned by ex-
j pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
i salesrooms 93S Market su. opp. Mason.
I? IMMENSE stock OF new AND BEC-
ond-band pianos from leading makers: no-
body can otter better terms and prices: remember
| ours is the oldest and largest music-house west of
1 Chicago: call or write. KOHLEII — . CHASE, 28
O'Farrell at., San Francisco. .
ETIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANUS ATA
XX sacrifice to promptly close out stock: Knabe.
Haines and Bush <£ Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT _ .
CO.. 324 Post st. .';.:■:
A LL MUSICAL GOODS SOLu AT REDUCED
— x prices, pianos to r-nt and lor sale cheap at
MAUVAIS',769 Market St.
Qljn STANDARD UPRIGHT: COST 75;
iJXI\J, on $5 Installments. 221 Leavenwortn.
ANTED — CHEAP SECOND-HAND UP-
'■ right or square piano; cash. R.. box 72, Call.
I C« I l\(i BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BUS-
; v* 1 •)\J. ton make piano. BRUENN's, 228 Post.
j ■\( AGNIFICENT STKINWAY PRIG AND
j M* Schobert: little used;Bacrince. 1019 Van Nesss
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR c-V-H.
I SCHM IT/. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
Wl.. BaDUEK. SOLK AGENT >UK UaLLKT
.<_ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 *ac*to
HICKEKINO.KNABR, STKCK.VO3E. BTKK-
ling pianos: ccc our new piano tor $187: pianos
Tor rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ _ bO.V IB o'i-arrel:.
YKON MAUZY, :,l)8 FUST ST.— SOHME-.
N*wby <fc F.varn. Krtg— *net «ther pianos.
CUPERIOR VIOUNS. ZITHERS. OLD&NKW
0 H. MLLLEH. maker, repairer. 'J I-atl-.aro nlai«.
HORSES. ~~
T^?o^rT^tlelC^aTe^Tx-^o~^rTving
X. and workhorses; ail hones bought and sold
on commission; saei can be made at reasonable
terms according to times. 426 Valencia st.
ANTED— BUGGY HORsE; 4 TO 7 YEARS:
nndar 130. SPECK, 602 Market at.
A HOHr»K» t-ULD FOR BOARD; 1 FINE SAD-
die-horse. 164 Golden Gate aye.
I" 1 OR A LE--L GHT AD TEAM OK BLACKS,
X standard bred Eclectics: also standard- bay
mare by Eros, well broken; must be sold, or will
be exchanged for pacers, can be seen at 347
■Fremont st., and trial given.
OR SALE — HANDSOME FAMILY CAB-
— riage horse: very gentle; lady can drive; cheap.
Address P. a box 70, Pieasanton. ( ai. :
THE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA. i
-«• lencla s;., is the place to go if you want to buy.
sell or exchange horsed, bundles, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
X(\ HEAD DRIVING AADWOKK UORS-S;
t/v weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
1 EIBOLD HAKNtoS COMPANY: 600 s>ET4
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for It-ss money than you can buy Eastern
trash : send for catalogue, 110 McAllister St.. S. F.
1 X/i SIS - 8 >_W AND SECOND HAND HA
J~w Dess, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surroy*.
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission «'.
1 AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
JJ broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
Ey()(\ SET NEW AM) ---CUNb-HAN- HAR-
*J\J\J ness; all kinds; bugcy.wacron, carts, surre/ i
<-rockawar; 40 cheap horsy*. 16th and Valencia.
Af\ HOKBES >OK BALK; HkO WAGON.-!
I\J bugrle^. carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn I
Market, 327 «_b st.; auction sales every W«s_u_r I
toy. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers-
« WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - T__T
**■ WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for maul—
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
T AUNDRY WAGON, EXPKES™WAGO>r
_ _ road cart, delivery wagon. 1620 Mission st.
pHEAP; TEAM WORK HOrfS__, WAGON
V^ and harness. 530 Point 1 obos aye. '
IpUR SALE— LIGHT WA(iON, ALSO BUUI-
J ness buggy, cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye.
L OK SAL_> AT EASTERN PRICES. FINE
X I carriage? of every desc Iption: cash, notes or
installments.' Carvlll Mfg Co.. 46-48 8:h st.. S. P.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ' • „ -
FRANK SHaY, ATTORN EY-AT-L AW. ROOM
421. fourth floor, Parrott building /Emporium).
OHN E. .KICHAKD.S, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
26 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Maiu
75, —an Francisco, Cat - ■
TOilN K. AiTKKN ANDMAUKICEL. ASUER.
J attys at law, mm 515.816. 6;h floor. Parrot i bldg.
___________
FHVSICIANS.
R. C. O'DONNELU : I2O6"maKKET, CORT
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
I \ONT FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum. 1051 Market at.: his 80 years'
raccecsf ul practice is a guarantee of fair tre_lt_«_t;
me worst cases treated actonly tij __U.
PERSONALS. " "
YRTLE F^O^TTEIt'T^OS-fETiu; PARLORS;
i-Vl manicuring: h»irdresslng. 1362a Market; r. 8.
So Ira CLEANED AND PRESSED, $1. 23
Montgomery. St., rooms 13 and 14; te!.red 2374.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPK-
_»- daily; private: no charge unless successful; all
lew suits, claims, collection.*, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tenoed to. G. W. HOWK,atty-at-law. 850 Market st.
"l\r ANTED— GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
'» ing. O. NOLTE. jeweler, 222 O'Farrell St.,
bet. Mason and PowelL . ■
1 ADY (STKAN-.EP.) DESIRES GENTLE-
I -Li man partner; $-5 capital. K. 2. 122 Post st.
' 7 OVE, MARRIAGE, SUCCESS, FREE TO
I 1 J all; 2to 5. PROF. MONROE, Astrologer, 777
Market st. .. .
VOTICr. TO THE PUBLIC— OWING TO THE
— wrongs which I have unconsciously Inflicted
toward my friends and others during the past
three years or mote (due to my weak state of
mind), I wi»h to ask for pardon, with the hopes of
redeeming my past life, in the near future. sin-
cerely, - - .... WM. F. LANGE.
A IBS. SADIE EVANS'COSMESTIC PARLOUS.
l'l Lair dressing, shampooing: gems 50c. 15 Eddy.
r> URNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CUKE FOR
X> corns, bunions, warts: 26c 327 Montgomery.
\\r ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
'» wort from the country solicited; estimates
siven: articles returned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
pAKIINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: instructors. J. H. E. Partineton, Gertrude
.Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
R. MAUD fNMAN, ELECTKICTHERAPEU-
tic vapor baths: ladies only. 1053 Market st.
JUST ARRIVED— MME. M. TAYLOR, CARD-
reader; fee $1. 850 Market, rooms 49-50.
OCOCO OR ANY OTHER ANCIENT OR
modern style of halrdresslng I do for 25 cents:
Qulnonia hair tonic, 35c a bottle: switches. $I-
have enlarged my parlors. G. LEDEKEK, 111
Stockton st.
A OUNG LADY FKOM CUBA DESIRES GEN-
-1 tleman partner; small capital required. 9 Pow-
ell st, room 7. ■ • :
\l ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
■l'l- Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order;fit guaranteed ;low prices
Cm pants To order; sample by mail.,
Ci WEBTHJI AN Pants Co . 22V4 Geary street.
rpUE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
J. suit to order, $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and stb.
rnRUNhS DELIVERED 25a BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 tel. Grant 67.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 V Market st.,
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco. Cal.
A LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
A hair, moles, freckles, «c»rs, etc. removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenwortn.
AZOK-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor.2sc Razor Exchge.63oMar-et
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
IG OUTDOOR ST J-.KEOPTICON SHOW KVi5-
I X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ai-
, T€r:l«ements in living light; promoters of bu_-
! t.ess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Mark*: v..
ELECIRiC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 41 Third st., near Market-
• SCO rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $3 pet
1 weeK; free bos and baccag* to and from tne terry.
T IB — I.AI. AUVANC'fc.-» ON DIAMONDS, JJiW-
XJ rlry, etc.: lowes: rat«s. 94S Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bough'- COLMAN. 41 3u. cor. Jessie.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THi»
-ex WKEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS. ~~ ™
1 RESSK?T^S!> up- WKAPPERS 85c UP;
I' lawn SI up. ?05S 4 Natoma st.. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ifATI/THEGVPsyQCEES, 8 TURK ST ;
>. truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
i and sbe will cuide you riirht ; no fake; satisfaction
i guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
MX. POKIER. WOMJERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, card- reader, born rrlth a douole veilaal
tecond sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry anl
clairvoyant sittings $1 61). 126 Turk si., nr. Jones,
A I ME. Schmidt, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
i'J pas', present and future: success to all; for-
f tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st.
It* BIBDIE MAY, RENOWNED CARD-
reader and pain gents $1. Room 1, 223
: Post st. '
■ \\ ME. HANSKN, PALMIST. CARD-HEADER;
1»J pas:, present and future; 25c 148 6th st., r. 5.
ME. LKGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c. 311Tebama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
81-S.Oi- KNOWLEDGE:RE VEALS FUTURE
marriage: lncky lottery numbers. 1033 Market.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
\* _!•_ -Moi:t.\U. ii.-.:»l : MKDiL'M: KtVKAi
JW past, present, future: 250 up. 764 Howard St.
, /i YPSvTjr : -(... m 1 1 : k7"r km oved *-r"om 5
I XX seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MME. DX THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kearny." now 929 Post; $1: letter ti.
MM: . SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
husband. v>lf«»: ladies 25c, 60c 914 O'Far— »ll.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
| » VEKITABLK QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 13
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWK.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD-
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL'
Why that look Of sadness? Why that downcast
j eye? Are yon in trouble, sick or "down"? If sc
I read this and learn that life Is yet worth II vinx'
: MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
I thousands on this coast in the ten years past, ii
! spain at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
: Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every sunertng mortal who will either call on or
, write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
drought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: ins
separated are united: the sick made strong; the
j poor become rich: If you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal!
who try to imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS, <<hedoe«
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
I Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
: every disease that human flesh Is heir to. am tia
; matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most sa>
ttssrul and satlsfac:ory. All letters answered.
Diseases alagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE %1 ,_ UPWARD: FKB $1 A UPWARD:
-tKs. dr. A. D. Howe,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
DO/;* MCALLISTER -MRS. C. J. MEYER:
— .1) test meeting! every- night; 10c; Tub <_
Fri. 2 P. _.
I 1 1 LAKKIN-8 P. M. .MRS. CHANDLER
111 lectures on palmistry; tests, Maude Lord
Drake.
T~E-T CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10a . MME.
X YOUNG. 605 McAllister; telephone Jes*e 1101.
lIS. COl BY, 122% OAK ST.; CIRCLES
Htttcrday evenings; sittings daily.
ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
of future husband or wiie. 766^2 Howard st.
M. FKA.NCIS, INDEPENDENT A Tfc--
. writer. 118 Halsht si.; hours 9 until 6 p. it
KS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM.
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 .MARKET; SEAN-
ces Tuesday. Friday even's 25c: 10 to 4 dally.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM AND VITAL MAGNETISM
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a so how to hypno lze instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
Is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
! est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell st. -^ - •
scientific astrology.
Scientific astrology— all events of
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected br my method: oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science. DR. ST. CLaIK, 916 Mat-
ket st.. room 26: hoars 9 to 7. -
~— — — — — — — — — — — — ______
UKNTISTB.
ASeOCIATION. 769 MAR-'
\J ke;, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1 ; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
1 \K. LLDI.U.H HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
] XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whe<i
, plates are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
| teeth from $8 per set: txiracting 50c: gas given.
R. UtOSUK W. LEEK, TriK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20G'FarrellsL
T.-ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years: extraction, 60c: finises, 50c:
crowns, $3 50. . Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
TiiIKST-CLASS DENTISTRY; HR6T-CI.ASS
X prices: first-class results: painless extraction'
Tel. Main 5375. W.C. H ARDING.M.D., &qq sutter
K.L. T. i RA_V_— EXTRACTION PAlNI.v;s-*,
XJ crown work, bridge work »nd . teeth wiiao— ;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
C« 7 A >ET iOK TiiETH.: WaKHa.NTEU A-i
tip I : good as can be made: filllnz $1. Dr. SIMMS.
centlsi, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLKS3 EXTRACTION^ OOc^ CROWS
bridge work a specialty; platen, $5 up: 13 years
experience. K. — WALaH. D.D.H.. «15» 4 Geary.
LL WORK TO SUITTiMEB:WARRA"NTEDT
DR. KEA, 1870 Market at., front City Hall.
R. _UCK_TT, 1703 POST ST.. NEAR BO-
cn-nan: gas given: crown and bridge worn.
LL . WORK reason AND wit
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OFTKETiI WITHOUT A i-__.ii_ Uxi. li.'
O. YOUNG, 1841 Polk g_ .
1 »K. J.J.JoEEK, MAKKE T, CUKOOLDKN
L/ Gat* aye. — evenlnrs: Sundays till noon.
TO LEASE.
TC*«6it RKNT OK LEASE— 6O-VARA LOT" SeC
X" cor. Polk and Jackson sts.; rent $50 per
mo-tb. Address i. a., 4-7 Sa_ s ■_, —F.
CITT REAL ESTATE.
D"O! FOR FITCHBURG! •
TO-DAY TAKE YOUU FAMILY AND*
FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEANDRO and
HAYWARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Tlme-Card. -
THE FIRST IMPORTANT. STOP < EAST OF
FRUITVALK Is THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND I RAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
FITCHBUBG -bTATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Krultvale trains singed
by the Fitchburg scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and. want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. I People get well, be-
come cheerful, contested and prosperous in Fitch-
burg. . .
Fitchburz is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public a"d private im-
provements in the vicinity of Oakland. It is a
busings center <by natural location. its railway
lines row operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Cakiana harbor, and the excellent county roads
leading to it. are incon estible proof*. Itisresn-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges _ud evergreen grove-*.
NOW IS THE IIM_ TO BUY.
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
now. and hold on. No city taxes to pay: no street
improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-sireet tracts in
an inaccessible field.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash ; deferred payments in easy installments;
title perfect.
W. F. McCLUBE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. 8. FITCH. Fit -hburg. '
C. BEMIS, I
. _,E_,_ ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTUUM—RYdT.
FOR HALK.
$2600— E. side of stanyaa st., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson _ overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. ■
$6000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 feet: electria road passes houses;
make offer.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl us,
$300— Choice building lots north of Dark.
Bargain— BW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st.: 109x95 ft.
SMALLHOME: NEW: $50 CASH,«i6 PEK
0 mo.: Fruitvale Terminal Tract. D. PiiATT,
Frnltvale Station; 646 Market St., S. F.
TNGI.ESIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE.
— . near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts.: 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels; ail modern Im-
provements: lot 62 125; sold at a great sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON AC" 2 Valencia St.
3;1 ftflfl COTTAGE 5 ROOMS, LO • 45x100,
<I?IUUU. in Berkeley: $100 down, $20 month,
ly; $500, lot 60x125. $20 down, $10 monthly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
rOR SALE— KLEGAXI NEW MODERN RES-
X ldt-nct s situated on Gough St.. near Broadway;
contain 8 to 12 rooms, ail medern conveniences:
1 fine view: good neighborhood; complete street
work: these houses should be seen before pur-
chasinz elsewhere; terms easy: houses open.
UCID EXPLANATION OF SIXTEEN TO
J one, that Republicans. mot ran and Popu-
lists all agree upon; that all can set fair bargains
in real estate at PATTERSON'S, 2 Valencia st.
Q^flH CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RKNT,
is)O\J\J for a new house on east side of .Cole St.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; l&tie lot 'J5x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
i^ $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and nee plans. 1149 .Mission.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
Kfl HOUSES AND IX>TsCfJ*olT~$I2M>
«-" to $10,000
50 ranches, all sires, irom $100 to. 15,000
20 houses, Oakland, Aiaa i*Ja, $1000 t0... B,o*o
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4.000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?- L__
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property _____
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
XA ACRES FIRST-CLASS FRUIT RANCH.
«-M» highly Improved; an Ideal home; 2 miles
from Oakland : to exchange for San Francisco,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose or Oakland property.
300 acres, near Stockton: magnificent grain ranch;
fine house, 14 rooms ani outbuildings; to ex-
change for San Francisco, Stockton, Berkeley or
Oakland property. A first-class Kansas farm ; 160
acres: new house, barn, etc.: nicely improved: Al
In every particular; to exchange for California
property. Fine orange grove, trees 8 years old. to
exchange for San Francisco or Oakland property.
J. S. MYErtS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
CA ACRES UNCULTIVATED " LAND; 30
OV/ miles south of Portland, Or. : exchange for
city lodging-house or restaurant. 17 Third, rm. 22.
DIVIDEND-PAYING STOCK (8 PER CENT
per annum) for small home in San Francisco
or Oakland. Room 61j, Safe Deposit building, s. F.
VOR EXCHANGE, NKAR LOS GAIO**,. A
— choice orchard home for goo clear property in
San Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gatos, C*l. " •
Qfc.NDFOKOI.-R LIST OF ORCHARD UU__
for sale. WOOMTKR _ WHITTOX. San Josa.
19QII ACRES TI.MKKK LAND. KERN CO.;
I*UU water: fin#fnr catMr-rnNin?. N..hx.l6.Cail
MONEY TO LOAN.
Qinn '|inivAT~I!oWEST RATES; CITY
OiUU.UUU and Oakland: life Insnrance,
bankbooks, stooks and bonds; estates: any sum.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEEACO.. 218-220 Montzy
» DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
-- jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN J-WiiLKlf
STORK. »48 Market st. : open evenings.
\IONKV LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
-M. *-st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
"\JONEY LOAN_i> ON JEWELRY AND"
l'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
ilttiilmxketsL.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tar—.
I \IKKCT ON YOUR FURNITUKIS OK PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: lot*
Interest. Km. 68. Donotnw bids. 1170 Market st
(£jj^ f\f\(\ OH LESS TO LOAN ON CITY
(pIJ.uUU. improved leal estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. 2l> or 3D _tOKTOAU_4:
--. estates, rndlvlded Interests, real estate in ur*.
tate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery.' room 3.
T OANS ON FURNITUBE AND PIANOS
X^ without removal: low interest. R. 3, 215 Powel
ADVANCES ON DIAMON Ds^JKVVKLK Y. iiTU
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Grant uv>.
Q_XO UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
fS)O\J gages; Int. In estates. MURPHY.62B air-t
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON GOOD 3E-
curity. low interest. N.. box 15. Call Office.
AVINGS BANKS' BOOKS BOUGHT. ROOM
616, Sfife Deposit building, San Francisco.
ONEi TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
Met' /EN BROS.. 118 Monteomery st.
T OANS ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1.
J J 24 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BWISE AND HAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Kate Loan and se-
corlty Office, r. 7, Flood blcg : entrance 80t» Mkt.
T 126 KKAHN si.. KOOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc: low rates;
private rooms: elevator: nl<»dg»»s for »ale '"Jieao.
FINANCIAL.
QTnJw^^LOAS'ASLOW AS BANKS.
(JIUU.UUU Applyrrn2'22. i';il.-a:e. f>ep.Bldg.
________
MEDICAL.
A"" ""blessing to ladies suffeking
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their (ipx: latest improved method of treatment;
never fails: lerfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make tnem
well; travelers helped lmrae Uatety; prices to suit
the times: home In coL.rin<-mpiit. DX. & MRS.
D VIES 14 McAllister at., next Hibernta Bank;
consult free;, rench regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. it. and 7 to 9 p. _.
LL, CASES OF IRREGULARITIES Rel
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate phy-
sician; SO years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential. '
MRS. DR. WYEIH, 916 Post s:., near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
rnen t or worthless pills used : every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
If you jrant to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
B. GOODWIN MAKES a SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charze; separate home for patients; skill;
low fees: regulator S-- 904 McAllister st.
LPKAC'S FRENCH PILLS— BOON TO
lades troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; CU SO express CO. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSOOOD BKOS.. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. DX. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
luto good homes; treats all female complaiuts or
Irregularities successful! jr. 419 Eddy st.
URE CURti FOR ALL FI~MALK DISEASE
O from whatever cause: a Dome in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by.
MRS. DR. YER. 226 'l>rk »t.
RS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 555 Mis-
sion st. . »,
MRS. DR. K. J. WILLIAMS. ELECTRICIAN,
5 has removed to 602 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth.
TK IRREGULAR OK A.N V > i-.MALK Dl-EASK
see MRS. DR. PUKTZ and becontent. I's4^ 4th.
Dr. Hall, 14 mcallistkk street, NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women and children.
I>RIVATE UOMK IN CONFINEMENT. _B_"
.T DR. FUXCKK. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda. ;.
. TYPEWRITERS.
I /S A LIGRAPH'. "*IB: REMINGTON, $35. BCOTT
i \J &BANNAN, »33 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
Jj'aRGAIN — RANCH PLEASANTLY SITU- j
1 ated in the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley, i
about six miles from the town of Napa: ' suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a 1
fruit or chicken farm; large house and barn: 1
stock, tools, etc For particulars address P. O.
box 239. Napa. Cal. - ■ ...
LOR SALE. SUBJECT TO INVESTIGATION
X and favorable bond, at reasonable figures, four
quartz claims and 160 acres graveL Address
Mines, box 66, Placervllle. .
rpo RENT— ORCHARD WITH NICE
x house ana barn; fronting the Oakland and San
Leandro electric road; also a large tract of land
In ihe hills. DRIVF.R, AB_R _. CO., San
Leandro, Al-meda County.- ■
ANTED— TO RENT. RANCH WITHIN 100
miles of san Francisco; 30 to 80 acres: part
fruit. . Address M. J. CARLSON, Memo, lal.
4 SBIOKBKS SALE.
■tx 300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pieasan.on, Alameda County; hours
from Sun Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward-
from $20 per acre. Boom 57, chronicle building,
san Francisco.
NY ONE WANTING A KANCH FOR
crazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance la 6or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st. j
LITTLE HOMES, CLOsK Tv TOW.N. I_> j
proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City, every Monday at 632 Market st., 8. F. ■
SECTION OFGOOD LAND IN TULAHE
County, for improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or Sau Francisco. Address A, box 87
Oil Orgr*,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Ql C\(\(\ HALF PRICE: MUST BE SOLD;
<2>X.\J \J\J. 14 lots, 25x150.
$625-6 lots, 25x110.
$325—3 lots, 25x150; 2 blocks from electric cars.
LOWRY & oWEN. Frultvale. near station.
1/OK SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
X Nineteenth ay*. and Twenty-fifth St.: lot 140.x
S5O feet; house of 10 rooms; grounds in lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES CL
BE3JIS, 324 Montgomery su
ABGAIN; $260: CHICKEN RANCH; LARGE
stock poultry and pigeons; with Improve-
ments; long lease. Inquire postoffice for LOUIS
ISAACS' place, Upper Frnltvale.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES: FIRST CASH
'» payment $10 to $150, balance monthly: 40
completed In Oakland to choose from; free convey-
ance. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway.
Ql (|(W| LE-S THAN VALUE.
O-lUW Price $2300: lot 100x120: corner: 3
blocks to electric cars and local station; cottage 4
rooms; almost new: terms $700 cash.
$1800— cost $2700; cottage 5 rooms: bath: nearly
new; modern throughout; street work and im-
provements complete; near school: electric cars
and local; $200 cash, balance mortgage; first
come, first served.
$1000 discount: price only $2600: 2-story
house, 10 rooms, 2 flats: modern; lot 45 ft front. I
on principal street, near business center: this Is ]
a rare bargain ;eeing is believing: call and ex-
amine. ' - .
$10,100 discount: business corner, 100x100; half
improved: the corner lot Is vacant; present In-
come, $960 perannumt must be sold; any offer
above mortgage, 15,400, accepted; $3000 cash
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
V SPECIALTY IS i ~~"
HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house.- $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage 16
V sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MORE.
WM. K. DkWOLK, House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET. * *
rpHE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. 1 NINTH AND
X Washington sts., Oakland : a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
"o^o^a^e^u^e^lfr^m^Joo^o^the
C"' — next 10 days only, that beautiful
new bouse of 7 large rooms, laundry and bath,
south side of Central aye., near Oak's:.: nickel-
plated plumbing, beautifully frescoed, plate glass,
cement basement, etc. ; see this: open for lospec-
tion. U. i*. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
Q£*f|n LOT 50x150; GOOD LOCATION;
CUW. easy terms.
$1300—33x150; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms. - - ;.- -.-, ..-•
$2100—50x150: house of 7 rooms and bath.
$5000—50x150: bouse of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and hath: corner lot: rally located.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda: oth'ee open
Sundays anil holidays. Aiameda Land company,
1500 Par- St.. A am „a. .
TWO FLATS, 5 ROOMS EACH: LOT 50x120;
northwest corner: streets improved; net in-
come, $38 per month: price, $3750: artesian well
supplies several families. ■ T. F. BaIRD. real es-
tate and insurance. 1303 Park st., Alamedn, Cal.
', ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
Ir>Oß KENT— COMFORTABLY FURNISHED
house; well located; 8 rooms, bath, laundry,
coal and gas range, chicken-yard, telephone, new
piano, conservatory, flowers: reasonable. Address
2067 San Jose aye.. near Willow St., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
17<iNE CORNER; 130x75: $5000 MORTGAGE
price, Inside 50 days, to save costs; rents at $40
per mon:h. 2247 Chaunlng way, Berkeley.
sl9Vrtrt NKAR THE STATION; STREET
•_ — •— V^U. work all done: house of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 45x125: a bargain. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Berkeley, adjoining bank.
GOOD HOJlh.o >OK KENT UK FOR BALE
on easy term*, o. t;. May a CO., real estate,
building and loans. 2133 Center gt.. Berfc»l>>r.
Berkeley houses.
or" RENT, " NEWLY FURNISHED COT-
tage 5 rooms, ath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way. East BerkeVv.
PROPOSALS.
.T>K6pb^L^BlDsSvifXißEKE"cEiv_DAT l
X the office of the Registrar of Voters, City Hall,
for the printing or . the Precinct Registers to be
used at the election to be held November 3. 1896,
In accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber 14. 1896.
All bids will be opened at a meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners on tue 21st day
of September, 1896. at 10 o'clock a. _.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check, payable to the order or the chairman of the
Board of Election Commissioners, for the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars ($5000).
W. M. H'XT 'x. Registrar of Voters.
LEGAL NOTICES.
I^?yfvcS^ATTxjßLiirAv&rios^iS^TSvßs^
Xi day, October 8, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. if., Len
D. Owens, successor to the Sterling Furniture Co.,
will cause to be sold at his ware rooms, 1039 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco, all of those certain parcels
of goods named below, upon which the charges for
storage and advances are delinquent, unless the
same are paid before the above date. The owners
of said goods are hereby notified of the amounts
I due from each and demand is hereby made for
payment as follows, to wit:
1 No. 167— Hill, Mrs. H. W.. case h.h. goods. 19 25
No. 190— Newman, Mr*. C. M., boxes h. h.
goods 15 50
No. 107— Go den, Mrs. E. F. furniture, etc •88 90
No. 142— Leininger, Mrs. X., case, etc..... 17 50
I No 238— Moore. J. S., furniture, etc 19 25
j No. lOli— Connor. Mrs- P., furniture, etc.. 137 00 |
! No. 189— No en, Mrs. W., furniture, e;c. .. 61 50
I No. 252— O'Connor, Mrs. T., furniture, etc. 38 90
No. 253— Suuliffe. W., stove, pictures 60 75
No. 2— Thompson, G. M .chest and trunk. 51 05
No. 158 — Hope Estate, furniture 194 00
LEN D. OWENS,
Successor to sterling Furniture Co.
September 12. 1596, San Francisco. Cal.
UUKbUA-M' To" a" DIRECTION OF THE
X Chancery of Lancashire, Liverpool District in
England, made in the matter of the estate of
MARY fcCAHtLL deceased. In an action. FITZ-
SIMONs against DARBY (1895, F. Ac 18). on
the 13lb day of August, 18S6, tbe tx>rsou claiming
to be KI.IZABE I < SLOAN dauichtrrof TER-
ENCE or TOBLAY SLOANE, la;e of Tulltframe,
Kllkeel, in the ■ County of Down, Ireland, or the {
persons claiming to be the children of the s-id
ELIZABETH SLOANE, who were living on the
25th day of December, 1894. or the persons claim-
Ing to be the legal personal representatives of any
of such children as have died since the 25th day of
December, 1894, are by their sol cl tors on or be-
fore the Ist day of December, 1896. to come in
and enter their claims in the book kept for that
£urpose at the chambers of the Registrar of the
Ivemool District, situate at No. 9 Cook street, in
the city of Liverpool. in Encland, or in default
thereof ' the share of the said ELIZABETH'
SL''ANKwil be distributed amongst, the other
persons entitled.
Monday, he 21st day of December. 1896, at 11
I o'clock in the forenoon, at the said Chambers, is
{ appointed for hearing |and adjudicating upon the
claim. • - -
' The said ELIZABETH SLOANE Is supposed to
have emigrated to the United Stales of America In
or -bout the year 1845.
Dated this 14th day of August, 1896.
F. WILLIS TAYLOR, Registrar.
WATTS* of 13 - Investment b illdlngs,
65 _ord street, Liverpool, England, solicitors for
the plain whose address tor service is the same.
\TOTICK TO CREDITOR.^ — wial.. Of MA-
_» RION DE RO, deceased. • Notice {3 hereby
given by tbe nndersi?ned. Andrew J. Binney,
executor of the estate of MARION DX HO, de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons having
claims agalcst tne sail deceased to exhibit them,
with the necessary voucher*, wit— la tea mouths
after the first publication of this notice to the said
executor, at the office of RICHARD BELCHER,
Belcher building, Marysvllle, Cat., tbe same being
his place for the transaction of the business of the
said estate.' ANDREW J.BINNKY,
Executor of the estate of MaRION DE RO, de-
ceased.
Dated at San Francisco September 4, 1896.
RICHARD BELCHER. Belcher building, Marya-
-1 Tille, CaU, Attorney for Executor.
I LOST.
lOST— TIBCRON, SEPT. 16i1896. • ADY S
Xj gold nuntlns-case enamel Inlaid watch, with
flat gold neck chain. Finder will please leave
same with. MR. FoRSE. railroad agent, Tiburon.
or \V. H. HA RTWELL, 107 Montfjomery st., S. F.;
liberal reward. .
OST— SEPTEMBER 15, - VELVET CAPE;
bet. seventh and Montgomery sts. Please re-
turn to 1093 Howard St.
QETTER DOG. WITH 1 BLACK. EAR, AND
O slightly ticked head and body. Return to 418
Day st.: reward.
» \VEr.K S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TK_f
-A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mail ing.
,^^^ W __> J _^_, _S9-£-l^^^^ : ~ r ~
ISoUN_—^ Ym7N^^_E^'ELLYN SETTER
-T dog. Owner call 813 l.ott st.
MARRIAGE LICEXSES.
Ihe following marriage licenses were Issasl »'
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
B. Rancio ph and Rosa Zimtnermann. 28 —
A. C. Earl and Stella Packard. 44—24.
L. R. Heftier and Sarah G. I. Taylor, 54—50.
li. scbwlcherath and Josefine Thomas, 30—27.
P. E. Klley and Ida M. Evans, 29—21.
H. F. Schunemann and Louise Relnfeld, 29—28.
K. Moreton and Bertha Grob. 25—25.
'THE IUVOKUE" HMVOttU. '-
ComDlalntsOled:
Henry Beaver against Mary Beaver.
Ida R. O'Connor against James S. O'Connor.
Nettie Lowell agaius: Rufus C. LowelL
Divorces granted:
Sierra N. Watson from James W. Watson, for
habitual intemperance; by Judge Hebbard. -
Maud E. West from Alfred L. West, for deser-
tion: by Judce Troult. • ■ T»•* -
Louise Levy from sigmund Levy, for failure to
provide : by J udge Sanderson.
Joseph Bahrs from Mary Bahrs. for desertion ;
by Judge Daingerflßld.
JSiliTii],~iHAlit[lA«£S^l)Mr-i~
fßirth, marriaee and death notices sent by mall
win not be Inserted. They mus. be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
MOHAN— In Lorin, Alameda County, September
18, 1896. to the wife of W. C. Moran. a son.
SMITH-September 18. 199t$. 10 the wife of
Charles F. Smith, a daughter.
MARRIED.
MEYER— HADELER-In this city, September 5,
1898, by the Rev. Adoif Jatho. Christian Meyer
and Augusta Hadeler, both of Sail Francisco.
SPLAINE— LaNGDON— In this city, September
15, 1896, by the Rev. Father Jones. Frank J.
Splaine and Nellie C. Langdon, both of San
Francisco.
WOODS-EGYLESTON— this city, Seotember
18. 1896, by the Key. a. M. Russell, Charles N.
. Woods and Carrie B. Egyleston, both of River-
' side,' Cal. •
-— — —
DIED.
Brown, Annie Man well, William
Busse, Mrs. Jennie Moore, Benjamin
Carton, Kate Murphy, Margaret
Dittes, Anna M. Otts, Winifred
Finn. Simon Salomon. Leon '.
Gooby, John Savage, Patrick
Hamilton, Jennla (Schwartz, Willie A
Healy, James P. Sexton, Bridget M.
Hubbard, Ethel J. Trenor, Eustace
BROWN— In this city. September 18. 1893. Annie
Brown, a native of Germany, aged 70 years.
BUSSE— In this city, September 15, 1898. Mrs.
Jennie Busse (nee Gogarty), a native of the par-
ish of Crulsetown, County Meath, Ireland, aged
65 years.
jg_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. — .
CARTO N— ln this city. September 18, 1896. Kate
Carton, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
DITTES— In this cltv. September 18, 1896, Anna
Maria, beloved wife of Michael Dittes. and
mother of Charles, Ernest, Emma and William.
Pities, a native of Austria, aged, 43 years 1 1
months and 1* days.
43~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from her ia'.«
residence, 1505 FUlmore street, near O'Farrell.
Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FINN— In this city, September 16, 1896, Simon,
beloved brother of John, Patrick and Mary Finn,
Mrs. Julia Walsh of Wakefleld. Mas«., and Mr*.
Bridget Brown, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 47 years.
*s~Rematns at the undertaking parlors of
McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
GOOEY— In Portland. Or., September 15. 1893,
John, beloved son of John and Mary Gooby, and
brother of Mamie, Bessie, Willie and Harry
Gooby and Mrs. H. Boyle, a native of Alameda,
Cal.. aged 27 years.
£"g~Friemis ana acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _..
- at tbe residence 01 his parents, 1714 Webster
street, Alameda, thence to St. Josepn's Church,
Alameda, Interment private, St. Mary's Ceme-
tery.
HAMILTON— In the Cite and County Hospital.
September 18, 1896, Jennie Hamilton, aged 32
years. . r
HEALY— In this city. September 18, 1893, James
P., beloved son of Margaret and the late Patrick
Healy, and brother of -Sirs. James Hannahal.
Mrs. Philip Reiily, the late Mrs. John Shaugh-
. nessy and Margaret Healy, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 36 years 8 months and 17 days.
S3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MOUROW
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock _ from his late resi-
dence, 204 Moulton avenue, off Flllmore street,
' between Lombard and Greenwich, thence to st.
Bridget's Church for services. Interment Holy
• Cross Cemetery.
HUBBARD— In this city, September 18, 1896,
Ethel Josephine, beloved daughter of G. W. and
Alice E. Hubbard. and sister of Eva May Hub-
bard, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9
months and 9 days.
AST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. _.. from tbe residence
of her parents, 334 Eleventh street, between
Folsom at.d Harrison. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. |
MANWELL— In this city. September 18, 1896,
William, beloved husband of Jeanle Man well,
father of Jeanle and David Man well, beloved
son of David Man well, and brother of David,
John, Maggie and Jeanle Man well, a native of
Paisley. Scotland, aged 35 years 7 months and
23 days. [Glasgow and Paisley (Scotland)
papers please copy.]
js3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. _, rrom | his late
' residence. 133 McCe.liin street, corner Blalne
avenue. interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
"MOORE— In this city, September 18, 1898, Benja-
min, beloved husband of Fran a Moore, a native
of Medford, Mass., aged 58 years. [Medford
(Mass.) papers sopy.j
jgSpFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. _. rrom the rooms of
George H. Thomas Post, 320 Po-t street. Inter-
ment private.
MURPHY— In this city. September 17.1834 Mar-
garet Murphy, beloved mother of Patrick and
Michael Roach and James Murphy, a native of
Ratheale, County Limerick, Irei— ad, aged 84
years.
_SrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. v.. from the resi-
dence of John Wise, Vatlejo. thence to St. Vin-
cent's Church, where a requiem him mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 :30 o'clock a. J— Interment Va-
lleia . '
OTTS— In this city, September 16, 1896, Winifred,
beloved wife of the late William B. Otts, and
mother of William J.. Arthur E. and Fred Otts,
a native of Ireland, aged 41 years 4 months and
3 days.
SALOMON— In this city, September 18, 1898,
Leon, beloved son of Louis and Minna Salomon,
and brother of Sam, Abe, Isid or,- Sarah and Pau-
line Salomon and Mrs. R. Bremler. a native of
lowa Hill, Placer County, CaL, aged 24 years 2
months and 24 days.
jtarFriends and acquaintances are respeot-
fnllv Invited to attend tne funeral To-MORROW
■ (Sunday), at 2 o'clock .p. - from the residence
of nis parents, 543 Jessie s'.reet, between Bixt_
and Seventh. Interment Old Salem Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
F. of A.— Court Magnolia No. 29. Foresters of
America: Officers and members of Court Mag-
nolia are notified to attend the funeral of onr
lute brother. Lee Salomon, from b s late resi-
dence. 543 Jessie street, TO-MORROW (Sunday).-
at 2 o'clock p. _s_ arp. ' - . ' ■ •
F. S. OUS.V, Chief Ranger.
SAVAGE— In this city, September 17, 1896, at
the residence of his sister. 119 Perry street .'Pat-
rick Savage, a native of Ireland, aged 88 years,
_S" Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHWARTZ -In Fresno, CaL, September 18,
1898, Willie A., beloved son of S. and Jane
Schwartz, and brother of George, Benjamin and
Susie Schwartz, a native of Nevada, aged 22
years and 9 months. . . '
SEXTON— In this city. September 18. 1896,
Bridget Margaret Sexton, beloved sister of Mary
.tiled and Michael Sexton, a native of Mitchells-
town, County Cork, Ireland, a*ed 70 years. .
JB3T* Friends and acquaintances are "respect-
fully invited to attend :hefun»rai TO-MORROW
. (Sunday), at 9 ■ o'clock a. _.. from - the resi-
dence of her broth 51 San Jose avenue,
thence :u Si. Charles Borromeo's Church, Eigh-
teenth and shotwell streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. _.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRENOR— In Alameda, September 17. 1896,
.Eustace Trenor, M.D., beloved husband of Ami*
Pauline Trenor, *ged 62 years.
tVIcAVOY _ GALLAGHER, I
FONRRAL DIRK TORS _ EMBAT.MKRv
. SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
O tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. O_ce i*97 _U__«f
street, tout-east corner of six:_
1314
ENGLISH PRISONS
IRISH WRECKS
An Indignation Meeting of
Representative Irish-
Americans.
DYNAMITE AND TORTURE
The British Government De
nounced for Barbarous
Methods.
THREATS THAT MEAN BLOOD.
Judge Cooney and Thomas Bannerman
Say That Talk Must Give
Way to Deeds.
Tory ears would tingle had they been
present last night to hear the opinions of
Irish- American citizens expressed in un
mistakable language in Knights of the
Red Branch Hall. Those opinions were
not directed against England and the
English people, but against the British
Government, which threw upon the shores
of America Dr. Gallagher and other polit
ical prisoners wrecked in body and driven
insane by barbaric cruelty.
Such was the story that was recited last
night by earnest Irishmen, wuose indigna
tion voiced itself in the plainest and most
direct Saxon.
Dr. M. C. O'Toole called the
meeting to order and spoke of a
proposition to call a public meeting for
the purpose of collecting funds for the re
lief of the amnested prisoners.
R. C. O'Connor opposed any appeal to
others outride of tbe Irish race.
"The Irish people could always do pretty
handsomely on occasions of that kind.
England to-day holds up her hands in
holy horror wneu anything approaching
a stick of dynamite or a of giant
powder is found in possession of an irish
man, wherever he may reside, and the
charge is made that he is engaged in a
conspiracy to blow the British empire to the
place where we wouid all like to ace it go,"
added Mr. O'Connor.
Tbe speaker went on to teli about the
barbarous manner in which the English
Government had always treated Irish po
litical prisoners in particular ana the
Irish people generally. There was noth
ing, he said, but a trail of Dlood between
the two countries which had grown redder
and redder during two centuries of perse
cution.
It made the heart sick to think of the
outrages on Irishmen by England in days
gone by, and it was not to be wondered at
wnen the Irishman, in the bitterness of
his heart, took the only means of reveng
ing h mseif tnat civilization and the in
ventive genius of thf age afforded him.
Mr. O'Connor spoke of the bombard
ment oi Alexandria in Egypt only a few
years ago, and the bombardment of Zan
zibar quite recently.
"She is t;.e bully of nations," continued
he, "when sne rinds one that cannot strike
back. What matters it whether it is with
dynamite or with a cannon ball that she
destroys her foes? She had lately refined
her cruelt.v, and not satisfied with wreck
ing the body, had wrecked the minds of
her political prisoners.
"Those who were released from her
prisons the other day, after years of suf
fering and of torture, were broken in mind
as well as in body and sent adriit into th*
world with their intellects impaired by a
system of barbaric and hellish torture.
''These poor men are totally unable to
take care of themselves and I am sure tbe
generous impulses characteristic of the
Irish people will respond to their aid. I
think that au appeal to the Irish societies
of this City and State will be rewarded
with a handsome sum. lam not in favor
of appealing to others."
General P. F. Walsh responded to a call
foz a speech, in whicn he said that no one
questioned that it was the duty of Irish
men to extend relief to those victims of
English imprisonment who for thirteen
years had been subject to tortures which
had resulted in breaking down the health
of all and wrecking the intellect of two.
"It is sad to think," he added, "that in
a cause that has ennobled men in other
lands the iron despotism of England metes
out the most, inhuman punishment to Ire
laud, in days gone by, wher. the sword
and the torch and the dungeon and the
scaffold were resorted to, those punish
ments — the sword of Cromwell and the
scaffolds of 1798— were more humane than
the hellish punishments in England's
prisons to-day.
"I do not tnink anything can be gained
by a public expression on those subjects.
We have appealed and appealed and pro
tested and protested against this barbarity,
yet it is still carried out."
The general closed by advising active
measures of relief.
Jeremiaji Mahoney — not the Senator of
the same name-^made a brief but eloquent
speech. He said that as the soldiers of
the people were the wards of the Nation,
these prisoners whose only crime nad been
their unsurpassed devotion to their coun
try — those mental and physical wrecks —
should be tbe wards of the Irish people,
who should take pride in seeing that for
the future they snouid want for nothing.
He was opposed to holding a public
meeting, because the time was not oppor
tune to get up resolutions denouncing
England. "God knows we have done that
long enough. There are otber prisoners
still there, suffering just as badly as those
men who foi some unaccountable reason
at this time were given their freedom.'-
Judge Robert Ferral followed in a
speech denouncing the British Govern
ment, and saying that the whole civilized
world should rise up and in the name of
civilization -hould protest against it.
Judge M. Cooney's remarks were to the
effect that the time for speechmaking by
patriotic Irishmen had gone by and that
the time for action had come. The only
effective speeches were of tbe kind made
HEW TO-DAT.
CENT
Bottle of CUTICURA RESOL-
VENT, greatest of humor cures,
is often sufficient to complete
a permanent cure of the most
torturing and disfiguring of
skin, scalp, and blood humors.
Speedy Cube Tbe athent tor all Bkii» and
Blood Humors. — Warm baths with Cuticdra
Soap, gentle applications of Cuticura (oint-
ment), the great skin euro, and mild doses of
< Cuticuba Resolvent, greatest of humor cares.
.Sold thnrachout the world. Price, CirrtcifßA, 50ci
Boat. 25c.i Kisolvent- We. «nd 11. Fottes Ditca
* akd CntM. Conn.. Sole Prop* . Boston.
ear - liuw to Care tttrj Uumor," milled free.
by a man in Eurot^e a day or two ago as
follows: "Ii you don't release Tynan you
will — " Here the man's speech broke off,
but the stop was significant. He added:
"If yon allow him to be extradited into
England wrongfully and unlawfully then
take the consequences."
"Irishmen must learn to talk like that
German, or whoever he was," continued
the Judge. "Work is what you want and
a determined warring to those people
that if they don't release those prisoners
something may drop, and I don't care a
continental what drops."
This warlike declaration of the speaker
was greeted with cheers.
James C. Neaion suggested that a pub
lic indignation meeting might do some
good in letting the Irish people know all
over the world that their countrymen and
and country-women in San Francisco
were up and doing; but he was not sure
whether that would be enough to justify a
public meeting.
The public meetings of the past had ac
complished but little good. At present
money was needed, and not speech
maki.'ig. He suggested that there should
be no delay in extending tbe needed aid,
and that the chair should appoint one
person for every Irish society in the State
to form an executive committee.
Thomas Bannerman spoke of what he
called "the infamous, tbe awful hypocrisy
of England, who, through Lord Russell,
bad deprecated the horrors of war and
suggested arbitration."
Gladstone came in for a slap. The
speaker said that tbe "grand old man"
whose heart was now bleeding for the
Armenians, had not lifted a finger during
the last ten years to alleviate the suffer
ings of tbe tortured political prisoners in
English dungeons.
Mr. Bannerman contrasted the easy
prison life of Dr. Jamieson with that of
Irish prisoners. "Yet Jamieson," said
the speak.-r, "went in with a band of ruf
fians to invade tbe homes of a peaceful
and industrious people, who had made the
African desert blossom as the rose. This
dog, this infamous fellow is well treated
in prison.
"It is time to stop talking. We have
become ridiculous in the eyes of tbe world
because of too much talking. We are a
nation of talkers. Let us talk no more.
This Irisn whine has been going on too
long. I feel that I owe an apology to my
country for taking any active part at all in
Irish politics."
Mr. Bannerman concluded by saying
that he had met Charles Stewart Parneli
in New York City, and found him to be a
unique character and a man well quali
fied to inspire confidence. He had fol
lowed Parnell during his life time, "and
Parneli was crushed by the Irish people
at the dictation of an Englishman."
Secretary Stafford, read a communica
tion from M. P. O'Connor advising that
the facts of the late dynamite scare be in
vestigated, and the alleged discovery of a
diabolical plot by Irishmen to murder the
Queen of England and to commit other
norrible and meaningless atrocities with
the object of showing the nature and pur
pose of the so-called dynamite plot, so
that the Irish revolutionists mi^ht beset
ri>rht before the American people.
The writer was convinced that when the
true history of the matter became known
it would be found that the plot was
hatched in Scotland Yard and not in the
brain of P. J. Tynan. The thing smelled
too strongly of Guy Fawkes, in the
writer's opinion, and was lacking in the
meritorious quality of originality.
"While 1 cannot characterize too
strongly the man who would sacrifice the
lives of human beings not engaged in
warfare I would say that in comparison
with England's cruel treatment of her
political prisoners the deed of tne dyna
miter becomes a meritorious act."
The chair was authorized to appoint an
executive committee of fifteen at large
and one from each Irish society in this
State.
The meeting adjourned until next
Thursday evening.
ATHLETES EN TERTAIN.
lhe Reliance Club of Oakland Wel
comed at the .Mechanics' Fair.
Events to Come.
The Reliance Club of Oakland turned
out in full force last evening at the Me
chanics' Fair. A large delegation from
the Olympic Club was also present to wel
come the athletes from across the bay.
There was no set programme of enter
tainment. A number of the officers of the
club held an informal reception in the art
gallery. Alter the lair, supper was served
in the rooms of the directors.
To-night will be Firemen's night. The
celebration will be held under ttie auspices
of tne Veteran Firemen's Association of
this City. The historical engiue, Young
America, of Sacramento, will bs on ex
hibition at the Pavilion during the day.
At night the old-time tire laadit-s will give
a realistic exhibition of fire fighting in the
pioneer days, and will give an illustration
of how the pumps wort. In add tion to
working the engine the men wili sing
some of the old songs that were famous
ana popular at the fires in the early
fifties.
The following officers of the association
constitute the committee of arrangements
in charge of the celebration: President,
Joseph F. Marshall; first vice-president,
Stephen Bunner; second vice-president,
Georae Barislem; third vice-president,
W. H. Miller; financial secretary, Gustav
Pohlman; recording secretary, James
Pennycoke; treasurer, William Fahian
krug; directors. W. Raubinger, Henry H.
Kohn, Thomas Cornell, Frank Tenanorse,
Al Harris; trustees, F. A. Will, R. Har
roM, H. J. Byrnes.
On Monday evening the Germans will
take possession of the fair. A special
programme of Wagner music has been
prepared for the occasion, and 450 mem
bers of theSangerfest will render a number
of grand choruses and concerted numbers
from the poiular operas of the great Ger
man composers.
The following musical programme will
be rendered this afternoon and evening:
Afternoon— March, "Koenig Karl" (Eilen
berg); overture, "Oberon" (tteoer); waltz
• 'Happy Days" (Gungl) ; duet for trombone and
euphonium, "Larboard Watcn" (Williams),
Koncovieri and Colverd; selection, "Der
Frelschutz" (Weber); quadrille; overture
••Festival" (LeutnerK "Monastery Bell-"
(Welz); (a) minuet (Boccherini); (b) gavotte,
"Whispered Love" (Abecasis); march and
chorus from "Rlenzi"(Waguer); galot>,"Bouder
iustig (Budick).
Evening— -'Firemen's March" (Schnlz); ov»r
ture. "Tambour of the Guards" (Titl): waltz,
"Woman's Love" (Fahrbacti); cornet .-oio,'
select, William Aiahood; selection from
"L'Africaine" (Meyerbeer); overture, "Norm*"
(Beluni); eavotte. • Tie Princess" (Czibuika) 1
Wedding Quadrille (Strauss) ; "M aybells Heraid
the Approaching Spiing" (Elleuberg); grand
galop. "Militaire" (Merfurth); grand march
from "Ratcatcher oi tfamlln" (Nessler); bolero
from "Ferdinand Cortez" (Spontini).
The total vote to date in the popular ex
hibit contest is as follows: Jobiison-Locke
Mercantile Company, 1149; Joshua Hendy
Machine Works, 1329; Crown Flour Mill
ing Company, 1301; Rix Compressed-air
Machinery Company, 958; Tillmann &
Bndel, 745; Laumeister Milling Com
pany, 460; Union Iron Works, 476; W. P
Fuller & Co., 329; Zan Bros., 290; Fish
beck & Glontz, 214; Gundlach-Bundscfau
Company, 113.
SILVER CLUB EGANEZED.
The Thlrty-Flrgt District Formed a
Bryan and Silver Club Last Night.
The Thirty-first District Free-silver
Club was organized at the People' party
tent, corner of Market and Larkin streets,
last night by Thomas H. Bates. A. E.
Bredull was elected president, Attorney
A. K. Mitchell vice- president. H. L. Paige
secretary and Dr. William M. Linguist
treasurer.
Speeches were made on campaign issues
by Thomas H. Bates. Attorney Mitchell,
Dr. J. L. York, A. E. Bredull and George
D. G;llespie.
An announcement was made that the
Thirty-ninth District Club will meet at
the tent next Tuesday evening.
A<i<lreg« on the Charter.
A. S. Hall idle has accepted the invitation of
the delegates to tne New Charter Association
to address them on Thursday evening, the
24th inst.v at 8 o'clock in the Academy of
Snlancaa HalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1896.
EXPERTS ARE ON
THE MOTHER LODE
They Are High-Priced Men,
and of World-Wide
Experience.
MOVING MYSTERIOUSLY
Some Belief That a Large Deal
in Minos May Be Under
Consideration.
MANY SAMPLES ARE ASSAYED.
It Is Reported That Mr. Wiltsee, Late
of the Rand, Gets the Most of
the Returns.
The keen eyes of those who know about
mines and men prominently connected
with tbe initiation of large mining enter
prises in various parts of the world have
recently been directed with curious inter
est to the somewhat mysterious move
ments of mining experts from abroad, who
seem to be engaged i:: the exploration of
the mother lode in this State. Not less
than a score of representatives of Euro
pean capital have been on the mother lode
during the past two or three months, sci
entifically prospecting and sending ore to
this City to be assayed, and receiving
reports to be forwarded to London
and other centers of capital in Europe.
These men are high priced and sal
aried. One of them is Known to have
drawn £5000 salary in Australia some
years ago, an^.l his price has been consider
ably advanced since then. Tbe others are
well known in various parts of the earth.
Intelligent onlookers have no doubt that
the mother lode is being considered as
carefully abroad as the Rand in South
Africa or ttie Coolgardie fields ever were.
From the appearance here of these ex
perts it is assumed, and witn a likeli
hood of sounJ reason, that the mother
lode is considered by foreigners to be a
fine field for exploitation, the advantages
of climate and all other natural aius to
uninterrupted mining having helped to
secure it favorable notice. One thing is
sure, wnich is that the expense of keeping
these men in the fi Id is large. None oi
them work for small pay, and the inci
dental expenses are heavy. Such expense
and trouble would be unwarrantable from a
busine.-s point of view, if tne expectation
of making large investments were not en
tertained. Tins has led to the supposition,
which is entertained by intelligent min
ing men, that a deal of some size in min
ing properties on the mother lode is not
improbable. Ttiat such deal lias already
been made is denied by deaiers in mines
in this City.
Who may be represented by the experts
who have been in the field is. of course, a
subject for guesses mure or less shrewd.
Mr. lrelan thinks that some of them may
represent private parties with capital of
$1,000 000, out be has no knowledge that
any large mining syndicates have sent
their representatives here. Mr. Wiltsee,
who has recently returned from the Rand
mining region in South Ainca, said yes
terday thai he did not know that there is
anything unusual in tue situation, and
was not aware that any large deal is in
view. Rumor has it that the ore samples
sent down by tue experts on tbe mother
lode for assaying are known to him by
reports of which he receives the majority
at least. Mr. Wiitsee was asked about
this, but answered only that he receives
reports of ores from all over the world.
Ht does not know who may be exploiting
on the mother lode, tut two mining
friends of bis from London have been up
there recently.
Tbe report is about that some of the
better-known experts have chosen to go to
the smaller hotels and Dave succeeded in
evading notoriety. Tneir acts indicated
that they did not desire publicity. Among
the experts who have been here are men
tioned the names ot Gilmore, Irowbridge,
Sydney Barnett, Pa^coe and MacNaugn
ton, and the estimated number of those
who have been recently on the mo. her
lode varies from a uozen to twenty-five.
The men who are named above are all
weii-salaried men, ana most of them have
grown up under John Taylor & Sons of
London. They are supposed to be scat
tered over the southern end of the mother
lode. Tbey are not mspec iDg any mine
or group of mines. It is reported that one
assaying office in this City is making from
twenty to tuirty assays and that the re
turns are all made to Mr. Wiltsue. The
young men now in the State have been
connected with the exploitation of the
Rand and West Australia, and also were
at Cripple Creek and the White Oaks and
Black Mountain in New Mexico.
A CHINESE JAIL BIRD.
Lodged at California-Street Station
After a Two Week*'
Hunt.
Mock Yen Wan is now in durance vile
at the California -street police station
on a charge of assault with attempt to
commit murder. He is accused of at
tempting to take the life of and firing a
revolver at Dong Quong in ban Francisco
at 5 bullivan all<*y on August 30. He was
brought into the City last evening from
Stockton.
Mock Yee Wah is also suspected of
"touching" a Korean at Sacramento for
the sum of $200. He has been traveling
around to San Jose, Stockton and Sacra
mento.
A CAMSRA STOLEN.
Bold Theft From a Wenlern Addition
Photographer.
A photographer, whose business is mak
ing pictures of houses for a downtown
company, had his camera stolen yesterday
afternoon. He had just finished taking a
photograph of the residence of Charles H.
Phillips, 1620 Fell street, when his camera
and tripod were stolen.
"The photographer, whose nsmi I do
not know," said Mr. Phillips yesterday,
"had just finished the snap at tbe house
and bad stepped in to con-ult about the
finish when the thief appeared. By the
time the owner of the instrument appeared
the thief had escaped with the instrument
and its appurtenances. They were worth
$100."
Locke's Excursion.
Notwithstanding the shower of yesterday
over one hundred tickets for Locke's Camp
Taylor excursion to-morrow were sold during
the day. People recognize the fact that at this
season a light shower will clean the shrub
bery, lay tne dust and make the atmosphere
clear, rendering the country more attractive
than ever. Mr. Locke's office at 333 O'Farrell
street will be open to-day until 9p. m. Tickets
may also be procured to-morrow morning at
the Sauaalito ferry before the departure of the
boat at 8 and 10 o'clock.
I»r. Goodwin's Farewell.
As Rev. Dr. Goodwin, recent pastor of the
California-street M. £. Church, will move to
L .s Angeles next Monday, he will deliver his
final address next Sunday afternoon at the
Metropolitan Temple on "Peter, Politics and
rinirtiwiTi"
; ■ ' .. ■ ,ii _____^^ SEW TO-PAT-DRY GOODS. •
AT EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS !
■ ■ — •s=®>-O-<©=S- — .
We close another week of our GREAT SACRIFICE SALE OF $300,000 WORTH OF
STYLISH DRY GOODS AND CLOAKS with special offerings in the following lines at
extra heavy reductions
FOR, CLEARANCE TO-DAY!
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
At $1.00.
150 LADIEB' CLAY WORSTED AND
KERSEY JACKETS, in black, blue
and brown, broken sizes, worth $5; sale
price to close out, $1.
At $1.50.
100 LADIES' KERSEY AND CHEVIOT
JACKETS, in blacfc and navy, box
fronts and some tight-fitting, 3-4 styles,
worth $6; sale price to close out, $1 50.
At $2.00.
80 LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT JACK-
ETS, assorted styles, two and three
button fronts, worth $7 50; sale price
to close out, $2.
At $3.50.
75 LADIEB' RIPPLE CAPES, in black
crepon, figured and plain silk and black
velvet, fancy colored lining and trim-
med in lace, ribbon or silk ruching.
worth $10; sale price to close out, $3 50.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
At 25 Cents.
72 pieces 40-inch FANCY FIGURED
BUITING, latest fall colorings, will be
offered at 25c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
55 pieces SB-inch ALL-WOOL TUFTED
DRESS GOODS, in Plaids and Checks,
elegant assortment of colorings, will
oe offered at 40c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
43 pieces 40-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY
FRENCH SUITING, two-toned color-
ings, worth 75c, will be offered at 50c a
yard.
IJIJ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
SUTRO IN FAVOR
OF BIMETALLISM
The Mayor Has Stndied
the Subject for Many
Years.
OF WORLD-WIDE MOMENT
Wrote a Pamphlet on the Sub
ject More Than Thirty
Years Ago.
ENGLAND MUST BE BROUGHT IN
Bimetallism the Only Policy Under
Which the Commercial Worid
Can Prosper.
Mayor Sutro has announced that he will
take an active part in the coming cam
paign in the interest of sound money, and
that be will publish an address on the sub*
ject in the near future.
As long ago as 1866 the Mayor published
an exhaustive pamphlet in relation to
bimetallism, and says that the conditions
and the necessity for sound money are
practically the same now as they were
then.
"I was pondering over tbls question
about as long ago as any other man in this
country," saia Mr- Butro yesterday, "and
I think I know more about it than most
men. It is a very difficult question, that
not one man in a thousand fully under
stands, yet it is very simple if it is put
simply.
"I am a bimetallism I believe that much
of the prosperity of the world would come
from the restoration of bimetallism. Eng
land is a gold country because she is in
the hands of the money kings. The Eng
lish bankers and money lenders naturally
prefer the single standard. They profit
by lending money ana the greater its pur
chasing power the greater the benefit to
them.
"But the English voters are bimetallists
and if tbey had a chance to express their
sincere opinion the country would be
bimetallic. If I had enough money I
could bring England around to bimetal
lism within a year by circulating tbe
proner kind of literature among the voters.
"England must be broueht in, and the
bimetallists of this country must do it.
The money question is not merely nation
al. It concerns tbe whole world. Money
is in the hands of one nation to-day, in
the hands of another to-morrow. It is
absurd to think that a nation can stand
alone in its financial policy. Money has
to circulate between the different countries
of the world, and without international
agreement one country profits at the
expense of another and there is a general
disturbance of values.
"As for this 16 to 1 agitation, I don't
know what will come of it, I am sure.
The people seem to have gone wild over
it. It may be all right, but I don't know.
It makes no difference to the world if the
ratio is 16 to lor3o to L It ii the silver*
LADIES' WAISTS.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and
cuffs, "Stanley waist.*' all fancy shades,
regular price $1 26 and $1 50, will be
closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and
striped and figured percales, this sea-
son s goods, regular price $2 and $2 50,
will be closed out at $1 each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
At 25 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of
heavy muslin, yoke band, finished with
insertion, cluster of tucks and ruffle of
embroidery, regular price 50c, will be
closed out at 25c.
At 35 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of
heavy muslin, yoke ol tucks and em-
broidery, will be closed out at 35c
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
COLLARETTES, finest selected feath-
ers and best made goods, from $2 25 to
$8 50 each.
BLACK. GRAY AND WHITE OSTRICH
FEaTHER BOAS, finest qualities, in
36, 45 and 54 inch, all at the lowest
prices.
COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 54- inch. atsl,
$1 50 and $1 75 each.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 5 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors, value 10c,
will be closed out at 5c a yard.
At 7M Cents.
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-URAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors,
value 15c, will be closed out at 7%c a yard.
*^ STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENINBS UUIL 10 O'CLOCK.
fjf if Murphy Building, j
Market and Jones Streets.
mine owners and holders of silver stock
who are interested in tbe value of silver.
But I am a thorough-going bimetallism
Tne ratio of 16 to 1 concerns only a few
silver miners; bimetallism concerns the
whole world. The prosperity of the world
depends upon it.
"Money cannot be a question of the in
terests of a clique of men. It is a ques
tion affected by the commercial relations
of all commercial countries and must be
settled by international agreement It
has been proved that bimetallism is tbe
only financial policy under wnich the
world can prosper, therefore the interna
tional agreement should be for bimetal
lism. It is necessary and possible to draw
the countries which are at present under
the single standard into the agreement,
and I am sure that bimetallism will win
out in the end."
Reception to Kathryn Kidder.
On an Invitation to visit the Presidio, ex
tended several days ago by Mrs. General
Ayres, Miss Kathryn Kidder of the Sans Gene
Company yesterday accepted the invitation,
and in company with her manager, Isaac
Newton, visited the Presidio. There Miss Kid
der was very handsomely entertained. Gen
eral Graham, Adjutant-General Galbraith,
Lieutenant Burgess and Dr. White, the post
surgeon, were all presented to her, and she
was conducted about the grounds, saw the
drill, was serenaded and finally all sat down to
psrtikeof an elaborate lunch. Miss Kidder
was also presented with flowers. It was a most
pleasant day for the noted actress, and
Mrs. General Avers and others, including
all the officers of the post, did ail they could to
make the occasion a memorable one.
A JAPANESE BARON HERE,
Has Been Minister to St. Peters
burg for the Last Ten
Years.
Is Accompani d by the J panese Consul
at New York, and Both Are
Going Horns.
Two notable Japanese arrived at the
Palace Hotel last night from New York
and were welcomed by Acting Consul
Funakoshi and Mr. Aoki, agent of the
Yokohama Specie Bank.
One, Baron Nissi, for the last ten years
Japanese Minister Plenipotentiary at St.
Petersburg, is on his way home for good,
his term having expired. The other, K.
Miyagawa, Consul at N- w York, is going to
Japan to transact some important official
business, after winch he expects to return
to New York, where he has be. n stationed
only since last year.
Baron Nissi is 49 years of age. He will
probably on his return to Japan be pro
moted to some high Government position
in recognition of his services and rank, so
says Consul Miyaeawa. Until fur years
ago, when the Baron last visited Japan,
his wife lived with him in the Russian
capital, but since that visit she has re
mained at home. Baron Nissi was in
San Francisco twenty-six years ago when
he first went to Europe, and then again
twelve years ago when he was here as es
cort in the suite of tne Prince of Japan.
Both irentiemen will sail for Japan on
the 21st in the City of Peking.
Speaking of the proposed Japanese
steam-»liip lines Mr. Miyagawasavs that he
saw President Asano last week, just before
he starteil for England. Asano informed
him that his plans would be uncertain
until he had completed his visit in Eng
land. One thing, however, he will
not run a line of Bteamers
to Europe, that field being already
occupied by his countrymen, but he will
have a line running to Asia Minor to the
Russian oil region. Asano may have his
ships built on the Clyde, where ail other
Japanese ships ■ aye been built, but he is
not decided yet to overlook America and
his own country in that respect.
LADIES* KID GLOVES.
At 35 Cents.
500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
black only, regular value $1, will be
closed out at 35c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
250 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs, colors and black, regular value
$1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
245 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, black
only, regular value $1 25, will be closed
out at 75c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
190 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large
buttons), colors and black, regular
value $1 50, wili be closed out at 90c a
pair.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 10 Cents.
200 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
SEAMLESS COTTON HOSE, fast
black, worth $2 per dozen, reduced to
10c a pair.
At 20 Cents.
175 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy,
made specially for boys' wear, worth $4
per dozen, reduced to 20c a pair.
At 20 Cents.
L5O dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOSE, extra high-spliced heels,
double toes, Hermsdorf dye, regular
price 3 pair for $1, reduced to 20c a pair.
ytif Murphy Building, /
Market it Jonss Streets.
A, P, A, TICKET
PUT IN THE FIELD
Municipal and Legislative
Candidates Will Be
Nominated.
NO LACK OF CANDIDATES
A Clean Administration Said to
Be the Object of the
Movers.
THE ' PUBLIC SCHOOL ISSUE.
Some of the Bolting Delegates R con
sidered Their Action and
Returned.
The municipal and legislative conven
tion now being held by the American
Protective Association will nominate an
entire ticket for the City, the Senate and
Assembly.
The only qualification for aspirants to
office by the convention is a promise to
give a good, clean administration to the
people, with the additional one of being
positively firm as regarde the principles
of the order on the public school question.
Former affiliations with existing politi
cal parties neither gives preference nor
debars candidates from the support of the
convention if they otherwise meet with
the requirements of the pledge for good
government and the public school ques
tion.
The convention is composed of 150, each
council being entitled to its representa
tion according to its numerical strength
in the order, wit an equal representation
for the lodges of the Junior. Ord r of
American Mechanics.
The bolting delegates who were reported
to have left the convention on last Thurs
day evening number only ten, some of
whom returned after second consider
ation.
The convention expects to conclude its
labors by the early part of next week
when the names of the nominees will be
made public, and then the necessary steps
will be taken to comply with the require
ments of the law to have ti e names placed
on the ticket by the Registrar of Voters
It is said that there is no difficulty in
finding citizens anxious and willing to
B X It f , t A L names , fore the convention.
The delegates and the members of the
American Protective Association throngh
oot the City claim that their ticket stands
as good a show of coming out a winner as
f a o D nh o bA r h°J tv many now *«YE!£!hS
lorth by the various parties
thtv wfn 111 P l edge from the n °mmees that
they Wl n ( so far ag Jieg . fa powe
tration of^ Pe ° ple ° f l s is City a " adminS
wfl th» H^° m and i ood government
atandard ?! aim ' bnn the voters to their
haSW" ,Of an objections
settinTu ff raißed agaiast the convention
setting itself up as an independent party.
Will Employ an Attorney.
«-«»«« • niuwa vu empowered by the
HANDKERCHIEFS.
At 5 Cents Each.
SOO dozen LADIES' WHITE HEM-
STITCHED LAWN HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with lace insertion on edge,
also colored borders or revered, regu-
lar price $1 20 a dozen, will be closed
out at 5c each.
At 10 Cent* Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL-
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed out
at 10c each.
At 15 Cents Each.
lOOdozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $3
a dozen, will be closed out at 15c each.
VEILING ! VEILINd I
Special Sale of New Veilings in 18-inch
DOTTED TUXEDOS and FANCY BOR-
DERED NOVELTY VEILS.
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR!
Special Sale to-day of Lace and Chiffon
Yokes, Collarettes and Plastrons, Mousse-
line de Soie, Lace and Net Kutiies, at very
low prices.
MEN'S UNDERWEAR.
At 50 Cents.
250 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
ERS, shirts finished with silk binding
and < rawers with double-stitched taped
seams, » ood value for 90c, will be closed
out at 50c each.
At 50 Cents.
250 dozen MEN'S HE4VY CAMEL'S-
HAIR UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
ERS, shirts fancy silk-stitched and
drawers silk bound, good value for 90c,
will be closed out at 50c each.
Vr if Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets.
Election Commissioners yesterday to employ
an attorney to defend him in tbe mandamus
suit brought by the old-line Democrats to com
pel the insertion of the names of their candi
dates among those ou tbe regular ticket.
A Labor Directory.
P. F. Kavanagh, a late arrival from Chicago,
is about to publish a directory for the benefit
of the labor unions in this City. This publica
tion will be under the auspices of the San
Francisco Labor Council.
NSW TO-DAT.
One-Half
Saved!
On the price of your
prescriptions, as we
pay no percentages to physicians.
HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES
AT CUT RATES.
Humphrey's Specifics, $1 size 80c
Humphrey's Specifics, 50c size 40c
Humphrey'B Specifics, 25c size 20c
Tinctures and Pellets 100
PERFUMES AND TOILET
ARTICLES.
R& G Peau d'Espagne, $1 25 size.... 85c
R&G Iris Blanc, $1 25 size 85c
R&G Violet de Panne, $1 25-size 75c
Pozzoni Face Powder ' |30c
La Blache Powder ...!!!300
Camelline !!.85c
Malvina Cream and Lotion .'."!ssc
Fascination, a perfect beautifier 35c
Ai pel's Enamel, unexcelled 40c
Mnie. Yale's Goods— sl size 65c, $1 50
size $100
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 MARKET ST., S. side, beu 6th and Bth.
Moved
to
Kearny St.,
Opposite
Chronicle
Building--
S.F.NewsLetter
Take a Copy Home.
Don't Miss the "Looker On."
Hold your sides and hear the
"Town Crier."
A BRIILUST PIPER, SURELY.
XO Cents.