VOLUME LXXX.— NO. 40.
DEMOCRACY'S GREAT
NATIONAL CIRCUS,
Delegates Spend the Day
in the Game of Cats
and Dogs.
ADOPTION OF THE PARTY'S
PLATFORM.
Tillman's Attempt to Impeach Grover Cleve
land Causes a Most Disgraceful
Uproar.
Bryan of Nebraska Makes the Speech of His Life
in Defending the Silver Plank — Scenes of
Disorder and Confusion During the
Nominating Addresses — Ballot
ing Postponed Until To-day.
"THE CAII'S" HEADQUARTERS, )
GRKAT NORTH HOTEL. V
CHICAGO, Hi;, JULY 9. )
The representatives of National Democracy spent to-day iv the delightful game
of rats and dogs.
Tillman of South Carolina 'was the firebrand of the occasion/ He poured vitriol
down the backs of the New York delegation and scored the New York Democracy.
In his most sneering ami sarcastic tones he asked, "Where is New York now ?" and
he was answered by several delegates, "In the soup." This was calculated to re
store harmony in the party. • . -
Tillman repeated his attack upon the Integrity of President Cleveland and was
frequently interrupted with hisses. On more than one occasion the chairman was
obliged to plead with the convention to give the fiery and abusive Southerner a
hearing, livery word uttered by him was a wedge driving the two factions of the
party more and more apart. .
Bryan of Nebraska made the most effective speech of the convention. One of
his utterance* raised a hurricane of applause. That was when he said, speaking
of the laboring man: "You shall not press down upon the brow of labor this
crown of thorns. You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold."
There was an enormous' crowd at the evening session, and the names of
Bland, Boies and Bryan a* they were placed before the convention were greeted
with prolonged cheers and shouts. When the name of Joe Blackburn of Ken
tucky was mentioned there was a great wave of cheering and the band struck up
"My .'Old^Kentucky Home," bringing the South to her feet with a yell and a
waving of hats and flags'.' '  '
When the name of Illinois was called that State reported that it had no can
didate. ' New Jersey's chairman replied: "We will nominate no man on the
platform of this convention." The declaration was greeted with hisses.
New York had no candidate. -
It was midnight when John R. McLean was mentioned, but not much en
thnslasm was evoked. Texas, through Bailey, seconded the nomination of
Bland. • '.'.
Joseph L. Bawling of Utah seconded the nomination of Bland. West Virginia
seconded Blackburn. General - Bragg of Wisconsin announced that his State
would not participate in the nomination of any Democrat on a free-silver plat
form. The declaration brought a storm of hisses.
One of the silver delegates announced that Wisconsin would vote for Bland
in November.
This was at 12:25 A. M. and the Democratic ship was fast going to pieces.
Bragg of Wisconsin rose to make some other remarks, but wu hissed down
by the silverites and was not allowed to speak. *
At 12:27 the convention adjourned until 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. .
JOHN PAD! CO SGRAVE.
STORMY ARE THE SCENES.
Disorderly Proceedings Intermln-
Kled With the Bursts of En
thusiasm.
CONVENTION HALL, CHICAGO, 111.,
July 9. —This his been a day of days in
the history of National political conven
tions. From early morning until late at
night, with v.e exception of a three hours'
intermission, the gigantic Coliseum, the
largest hall in the world, was crowded to
the doors with iuterested and enthusiastic
spectators.
But great in number as had been the
masses who attended the morning and
afternoon sitting, they were as nothing in
comparison to the tremendous, record
breaking audience that thronged the stu
pendous hall at the evening assembling.
United States Senator Benjamin J^vjan Tiliman of South Garolina, the
fiery delegate Who insisted on the impeachment of Glevte
lar\d b\j the GonVention. Subsequently he Was satisfied
When the GonVention refused to indorse the Administration,
The San Francisco Call.
Such a gathering had never beer seen
at a National convention. Floor and gal
leries formed one great mass of solid hu
manity.
Where the narrow ribbons of aisles had
marked the various divisions of the huge
interior there was gathered hundreds, per
haps thousands, of those who could not
find other accommodations. Every chair
was filled, and some idea of the meaning
of this may be gained by the knowledge
that the Coliseum has a seating capacity
of 16.000.
And in addition to the myriads who
choked and crowded every available space
many more, estimated at 5000 in number,
were gathered about the entrances during
the greater part of the evening, tickets in
hand, fruitlessly clamoring for admission.
Like yesterday this has been a day oi re
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 10, 1896.
William (Jennings Bryan, the Editor-Statesman of .Nebraska, Wfto .Made the Greatest Speech of .His Life in Defense of
the Silver Plank, in the Platform, and Vastly Increased .His Chance fop the Presidential .Nomination
by the Divided Demoepacy of the .Nation, .Now in Convention at Chicago.
marfcable demonstrations of enthusiasm,
but the pinnacle of emotional expression
was reached in a scene wonderful in it
present attention, remarkable in its spon
taniety and unprecedented, probably, in
any similar gathering of a political party.
There has been an outburst of en
thusiasm stirring to behold when David B.
Hill finished a great rhetorical effort in
antagonism to the platform presented by
the committee on resolutions; the vast
assemblage had listened to a sensational
speech by Senator Tillman replete in im
passioned expression and in incrimination
of President Cleveland and had showed
approval and disapproval by cheers and
hisses.
But when William J. Bryan of Nebraska,
handsome, vigorous and magnetic, and
not unlike McKinley in voice, inflection
and facial expression, concluded the effort
of his life in support of the free-coinage
platform, there occurred one of those
scenes which sends the blood coursinir fast
through the veins of even the most passive
spectator and remains fixed in the memory
for a lifetime.
Like the terrible premonitory rumbling
that gives warning of the approach of lv,
--000 cattle stampeded, delegates and spec
tators began the ovation to the young
Nebraskan. And then the volume of
sound grew and grew until it could grow
no more, and enthusiasm went mad as
Bryan, in his passage down the aisle
toward the Nebraska seats, was caught in
the whirlwind of frenzied enthusiasm and
lifted high on the shoulders of delegates.
From floor to gallery the waves of ap
plause swept, and back again from gallery
to floor, and when the shouting, yeiling,
cheering masses fell back exhausted, Wil
liam J. Bryan had been cast into the arena
of Presidential hope as a full-fledged can
didate for his party's nomination.
An attempt on the part of Senator Till
man to have the convention condemn
President Cleveland and ais administra
tive policy had been frustrated by many
protests from Senator Jones and Bryan,
who, though admittedly anti-administra
tion in their views, decried any abuse of
the man who had been twice the choice of
their party.
Senator Tillman, aimonished by the
cheering which gave commendation to the
remarks of Jones and Bryan, withdrew his
resolution.
At night the candidates for the nomin.i-
Continued on Second rag*.
BRYAN IS
POPULAR,
A Vote Taken Last Night
Would Have Nomi
nated Him.
THE ELEMENTS OF HIS
STRENGTH.
Congressman Maguire's Opinion
of the Nebraska Repre
sentative.
BOIES IS THE CONSERVATIVE
LEADEE.
Debate on the P'atform Was a Battle
of Giants in Which Bryan
Conquered.
"The Call's" Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel, V
Chicago, Hi., July 9.)
Wil'iam J. Bryan of Nebraska is the idol
of the convention to-nii:ht, and if a ballot
is taken before adjournmant he will prob
ably be nominated. The California dele
gation wili cast two-thirds of its vote for
| him.
I know Bryan well, having served with
him in the Fifty-third Congress. He is a
! much abler man than Bland and possesses
ali of the other grand and admirable
qualities of character which have made
Bland distinguished and beloved in public
and in private life.
He, equally with Bland, would be a log
ical candidate on the leading issue of this
campaign and has elements of strength
which Bland does not possess. As against
all other candidates named, I would sup
port Biand. but as 'between Bland and
Bryan, I will vote for Bryan.
A great demonstration has just taken
place for Boies of lowa, who seems to be
the favorite of what are called the- con
servatives. It looks as if the contest may
finally be- reduced to Boies on one side
and either Bland or Bryan on the other.
In that contest the gold men would vote
for Buies, but whether in good faith to se
cure the nomination of the strongest can
didate or to handicap his campaign by
saddling it with the suspicion that he has
sought their aid, it is impossible at this
time to say.
The debate on the platform to-day was
a battle of giants, but the superb bearing,
imoassroned eloquence and: personal mag
netism of Bryan eclipsed them all. HiH
was not at his best, but was grandly elo
quent and impressive. The fiery elo
quence of Tillnian was marred by un
necessary harshness and by unwise, if not
offensive, sectionalism.
At the conclusion of his speech, Senator
Jones of Arkansas felt called upon to state
that with the sectionalism expressed by
Tillman the great body of silver De
mocracy of the West and South had no
sympathy.
The debate was a thing to be remem
oered, but it made no impression upon the
firmly fixed views of the delegates. Both
sides, determined and even stubborn, will
heed no argument until the work which
they came to do has been fully done in ac
cordance with thfir preconceived convic
tions and the wishes of their constitu
ents.
After the convention the gold men will
commence to study the silver question.
As predicted the anti-funding biil plank
was adopted by the convention this morn
ing, and the Californians here are corre
spondingly happy to-night
James 6. Maguire.
BRYAN'S HOME POPULARITY
Mention of His N»me for President
Causes Wild Enthusiasm in
Nebra«Ka.
OMAHA, Nbb., July 9— When the news
was flashed over the wire to-night that the
name of W. J. Bryan of Nebraska had
been placed in nomination at Chicago for
President, a shout went np from the great
crowd assembled in front of the World-
Herald building to read the latest news of
the convention.
Republicans, Populists and sound-money
men joined in the enthusiasm. One gray
haired veteran threw iiis hat high in the
air, and this was a signal for a general
demonstration.
At Lincoln, the home of the Nebraska
candidate, the news was received in a
similar manner. Great crowds blocked
the streets until after midnight in the
hope that a ballot might be taken.
The mention of Mr. Bryan's name in
the convention was a great surprise to his
friends here.
Hendwrson Renomlnat«c|,
WATERLOO, lowa, July 9.—Congress
man D. B. Henderson of Dubuque was re
noruinated by acclamation at the Tbird
District Republican Congressional Con
vention to-day. In a speech Henderson
declared the tariff was the leading issue,
and said the Democratic party was trying
to avoid it by raising the cry of silver.
Dana Repudiates Democracy.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 10.— The Sun this morning, in the following editorial,
formally repudiates the National Democratic platform and supports McKinley for the
Presidency:
Southern poverty, encendered by the war, and the common discontent stirred up
to recklessness by the agitation of the past twelve years, have at last blazed into a
demand tor debased coinage and a tax on wealth, and have carried the National Demo*
cratic Convention.
r 'ie Cbicaco platlorm cannot b* accaptad. The Hutted Sines was made Pomo
oratic Aiul It rniiol remain
Free silver coinage would be National dishonor and a monumental anachronism*
Silver has nad its day as the morey standard.
The commerce of civilization which has used as a medium of exchange pretty
much everything from shells to the higher metals has progressed beyond silver. It
haa adapted its-elf to gold and to ,*old it will have to stick until it rinds something
still more convenient.
The silver campaign is based on delusions which have ho justification and on
statements which are not so. It cannot prevail and every sincere believer in fair deal
ing and in business honor as the foundation of commercial prosperity must put aside
all other purposes and unite for its defeat.
From now until the night of election day in November, 1896, the Presidential can
didate of every Democrat who favors honest money and who still hopes to crush the
enemies of the fundamental principles be waa br«d in, should be, without hesitation,
evasion or prejudice, William McKinley.
PRICE^fJTVE CENTS.
ANARCHY
RAMPANT,
Convention Leaders Follow
The Advice of Herr
Altgeld.
A RULE OR RUIN POLICY
FULFILLED.
Colonel John P. Irish's Impres
sions of Yesterday's
Proceedings.
TILLMAN'S BEMABKS COLDLY
EECEIVED.
Enthusiasm of the Old Democracy
When Senator Hill of New
York Spoke.
The Call's Headquarters, )
Gbeat Northern Hotel. >
Chicago, 111., July 9. )
The act of the convention yesterday
leaves no further outrage necessary to ac
complish its purpose, but Governor Evana
of South Carolina, who said in his speech
at Atlanta last fall, 'The South is getting
in the saddle again and will rule the
country," has proposed a further wrong.
He threatens to expel the whole New
York delegation from the conven tion,
and if a motion were made to that effect
it would carry by as large a majority as
that which assassinated Michigan.
That people at home may understand
the latter case let the facts be known. The
credentials committee voted to unseat tha
four Michigan dele gates-at- large. Three
of them were elected by acclamation in
the State Convention, there being no
candidates against them, therefore there
could be no contestants. The fourth waa
elected on a rollcall by a majority of 173.
In the committee Mr. McLaurin of Mis
sissippi moved to expel the first three and
seat in their stead three men who were not
before the Michigan convention at all,
were not nominated therein and not voted
for nor heard of, and to give the fourth,
seat to the man who was beaten by 173
votes. It will be observed that this is the
entry of a National convention into the
State of Michigan iv act as a State conven
tion and create representatives who were
not before the actual State convention at
all. This astounding proposition was jus
tified by Mr. McLaurin on the gound that
he thought the Michigan State Convention
did not properly represent the party in
that State and this National ■convention
had the riyht to create a delegation in line
with what it considered to be party senti
ment there.
This Mississippi view of States' rights
was not too rank for the eminent Mr.
Burke of Los Angeles who ornaments the
credentials committee for our State. Ha
supported it and ii carried in the commit
tee by two to one. The old Democracy
denied the right of a Republican majority
in Congress to elect Spencer as Senator
from Alabama and Kellogg and Pinchback
from Louisiana, when those States by law
ful forms had chosen others. The new
Democracy is that form of Republicanism
against which we defended the South.
After the credentials committee had
made up this report it was not sent to the
convention. The expulsion of Nebraska
was accomplished and the Michigan casa
was taken up again. The committee at
last concluded to assault only four district
delegates and let those at Jarge alone, and
this was its final report. Take now the
one case of Congressmen Weadock and
Fisher in the Fourth Michigan Dis
trict. In the district convention they ran
against each other for delegate. While
the roll was being called, Weadock having
a slight lead, Mr. Fisher moved to suspend
the rollcall and elect Mr. Weadock by ac
clamation. This motion carried, Mr.
Fisher voting for It. The credential!
committee took the seat away from Wead
ock and gave it to Fisher, on whose motion
Weadock had been elected, and the Na
tional Convention ratified this action.
I don't think any comment can bring
this infamy into plainer relief than the
statement that Mr. Burke, the rose of Cali
fornia's expectancy, voted for it in com
mittee and convention. Our delegation
stood eleven for Weadock to six for Fisher,,
That the credit and discredit may fall
where they belong, let the roll be pub
lished. It siood.
Weadock— White, Coleman, Wise, Fitz«2
geraid, Leake, Dwyer,. Metz^er, Ragan,
Maier, Trippett, Church.
Fisher— Foote, Btaguire, Dozier, Lane,
Caminetti. Burke.
In this contest was an element not seea
on the surface, Wea^ockhas made a linn
figut in Michigan against tbe A.' P. A.
The members of that organization in this
convention banded against hiu. Mr.
Foote, who was willing to walk to Sacra
mento to blow out a dark lantern, is the
toast in the lodges of intolerance to-day
throughout Michigan.
Interest in the convention as a slaughter
house ceased with this rollcall. There
will be furious scenes over tbe personality
of candidates, but public interest lags.
When an assassin wound 3 his victim with
the first shot there is an excited rush to
the rescue, Dut wben his work is hnished
no one tries to keep him from firing into
the corpse, for he cannot hurt it. The
community then takes an interest only in
his punishment.
The platform will be discussed to-day.
The majority has refused in tbe commit
tee as it will in the convention to protect
existing contract-. The money plank pro
vides for the repudiation of every existing
contract payable in gold, and demands
that the making of specific contracts in
the future be made a felony. As the plan
is retroactive upon the rights of property
by repudiating pas: contracts it might as
well be applied ex-post-facto to the rights
of persons and devote to penal servitude i
the men wno made the contracts which it
reaches backward to destroy. It aiso at
tacks life tenure in office which tbe con- i
sdtution grants to Judges of the Federal
courts, and which is one of the prime
safeguards against anarchy. It is said this
plank was drawn by Debs.
The minority report on the money plank
was presented and Tillman opened the de
bate. He was coldly received. In ten
minutes he iost control of the convention
and audience and then lost his voice, his
head and everything but his venom.
When he abused Cleveland and Carlisle,
tbe hisses sounded like steam escaping
from a thousand boilers. When he boasted
that South Carolina broke up the Demo
cratic party in 1860 on a sectional issue
and tbat the siiver i?bue is sectional, his
Jess frank ex-Confederate comrades were
uneasy. Wben he closed, poor old Jones
of Arkansas had to get out his vocal needle
and thread, and patch the tatters Tiilman
had torn with his fangs. Jones wept that
any one should hav<s mentioned sectional
ism. As for him he was willing to die as
often as necessary for silver.
After the moist Jones had been wiped
iff the stage, Senator Hiii appeared to
speak for the minority report. Here was
the last chance for the old Democracy.
For twenty minutes 15.000 people cheered,
stood up, waved bars and handkerchiefs,
stamped and stormed. The chairman, '
Richardson cf Tennessee, was mad of I
course and trie! to atop it, but the more !
he tried the more it wouidn't stop. The
Southern delegations scowled and swore.
OM Isham Harris pu; his rubber tobacco
sack between his toothless gums In mis- •
take for tobacco and chewed it, but still ■
the thunder rose and roared and rolled, j
The old Democracy quit when it got ready i
and Hill's first sentence rang to the rafters i
of the great place:
"I am a Democrat," said he. "but not a
revolution!.-:." That s'.atea the case and
"the speec:; t; v: ioiiowed lett this majority
of reds and L.cjea-ts not a leg to
on. Yilas aad Russell followed in sup
port of the minority, and then Mr. Bryan
of Nebraska Bryaced. With the roifcall
the work of tne convention bad been
| ed" dowa to the litter of Presidential
.:ons wh'.eh have been mewiing and
g in tnt»ir nurses' arms for a week.
What follows to the end is not im
portant. Tfce party may go into the
hands of a receiver, but the country won't.
To-night people are leaving. The third
rate orators of the convention are picked
out to make spe ches for the third-rate
candidates and tbe fourtn-rate orators to
second the same. California gets in the
last list by Foote's second ot Joe Black
burn. Joseph, by the way, is unduly ex
cited by my presence here and thinks it
improper. Tbe advice of Stewart, Jones
of Nevada. Dubois. Martin. Carter, Debs,
Herr Most ar.d He.-r Altgeld is more to
Joseph's rank Kentucky ta^te than that of
Democrats. Joh.v P. leibh.
TO NOTIFY NOMINEES.
Members of the Various Delega-
tions Who Will Act in That
Pleasant Capacity.
CONVENTION HALL, CHICAGO, 111.,
July 9.— The committee to notify the caa
ditates of their nomination is composed of
the following delegates.
In this committee, where but one repre
sentative of a State or Territory is given,
the first delegate named wiil visit both
candidates; where two are given, the first
named wiil call upon the Presidential and
the second upon the Vice-Presidential
nominee.
McKlniey's Compiaeincy.
, CANTON, Ohio, July 9.— The proceed
ings of the Chicago convention, which
come by special wire to Major McKinley's
residence, seem to be viewed with much
complacency by the Republican candi
date.
There were a large number of callers at
the McKinley residence to-day, among
them Francesco Guardabaasi, the Italian
painter.
C.c veidtiij Qom Fiihing.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., Julj 9.— The
President spent very little time to-aay
reading bulletins from Chicago, but en
joyed the day fishing. The Pre«ident has
not expressed himself on tbe deliberations
♦*»us far.
DEMAGOGUE
TILLMAN.
Vented His Venom on Men
of the New York
Delegation.
PRESIDENT CLEVELAND
ASSAILED.
People Leave the Coliseum
Rather Than Listen to
His Outcry.
BLTJSTEB AND LNSULT HIS
WEAPONS.
His Speech Worked a Great Injury to
the Cause He Desired to
Further.
The Call's Headquabtebb, 1
Geeat Nobthers Hotel, V
Chicago, liL, Jaly 9. J
Pitchfork Tiilman of South Carolina
became to-day the evil eye of the Demo
critic party. He placed upon it a hoodoo
from which it will take many years to re
cover. He has become the tagatbi, the
bad medicine man, the evil-omened totem,
casting a shadow upon tbe once brilliant
prospects of that historic party which iost
its power and its prestige wben its ablest
leaders were turned down by loud
mouthed iconoclasts.
Tillman's speech to-day was a rare speci
men of deoiagogism. He some time ago
achieved some reputation by a violent,
virulent, ungentlemaniy and unstates
manlike attack in the Senate of the United
States upon the Democratic party, and
has "made since then several other speeches
of an incendiary tenor. His language was
of such grossness tbat the ears of tbe
groundhogs were tickled, and he became
very popular with the corner- giocery
loafer element of the Democratic party in
the South.
Tillman is not in any sense a man of
large caliber. He is simply a demagogue.
He is a trimmer, whose harsh, high voice
echoes the execrations of the discontented,
and whose aggressive and unintellectual
countenance is seen in tbe van of every
lawless mob.
Much was expected of him to-day when
he appeared upon the platform for tbe
purpose of advocating tbe adoption of the
siiver plank, and he was greeted with en
thusiastic cheers from the West and South
as the champion, for the time being at
least, of the cause of the white metal.
It was expected that his address, forcible
and characteristic of an impulsive man,
vibrating with a certain overwhelming
energy, would be something which the
people away from tbe Ecene of battle and
witn nothing bet the cold type before
them could read at their leisure, digest
and approve. It was expected also tbat
in Senator Tiilman the Sunny South, the
land of chivalry, the home of gallant men
and fair women, would find an advocate
worthy alike of her people, her clime and
her glorious historr.
But what a disappointment it was.
Instead of the utterances of a well-bred,
high-minded gentleman, a scholar, a
statesman, a poet, such as the South in
her palmy days used to honor, tne con
vention was treated to a stump speech by
a man whose ideas might well be voiced
from the top of a flour barrel in front ot a
crops- roads grog£err.
Magnanimity is of the statesman. No
brave soldier will strike the fallen foe.
But magnanimity was not Tillman's. He
not only struck the prostrate foe, but
gloried in the act. The greater part of
his speech was a coarse and uncalled-for
attack upon bis colleagues from New
York, who through rain and shine,
through peace and war, through victory
and defeat have stood shoulder to shoulder
with him and his, fighting manfully, for
what they considered to be the glorious
cause of Democracy. Instead of soothing
the lacerated feelings of a minority, sin
cere in their political belief; instead of
extending to them the hand of brother
hood, he spoke such words to and concern
ing them as were calculated to repel them
from the counsels of the party. He jeered
coarsely at the men from New York,
spoke slightingly of their political his
tory, of the sacrifices and heroic efforts
they had made in the past, and, like a
ward heeler, crowed exultingly over their
defeat. Then, with the note of a dema
gogue, he committed the unpardonable,
impolitic, nnstatesmanlike and ungentle
manly act of assailing in a National
Democratic Convention the President
whom the Democracy cf the United States
placed at the head of the Nation.
Here his boorishness became so appar
ent that he was hissed even by the South
ern delegates, and when be, plagiarizing
from Colonel John P. Irish, remarked
smartly that there were only three things
in the world that hissed, viz. : the goose,
the serpent and the man, he was hissed
again. The egotism of the man was ap
parent in every sentence that he uttered.
Whenever there were two roads, one lead
ing to reconciliation and harmony in tbe
party, the other to insult and humiliation,
Senator Tillman, with the instincts of a
political ruffian, took the road that led to
insult. Every word uttered by this fiery
demagogue served as a wed^e to split t;>e
Democratic party wide open.
After Tillman had been speaking about
thirty minutes be was hissed by the mag
nanimous men of the North, tbe noble
hearted men of the West, the cbivalric
men of he South, and ignored by the men
of the East with that silent contempt
which is ever the shield against that which
is beneath reply. Nevertheless, he pro
ceeded with his vituperation.
The respectable element of the conven
tion, which numbers more than two-thirds
of that body, ceased to pay any attention
to him; their disgust was exhibited by
th«!ir inattention. They turned and con
versed with one another in loud tones.
Many left the hall, preferring a bite of even
a Chicago sandwich to remaining and
listening to the Tiilman flow of words. In
fact tbis inattention was so marked and
the hubbub of conversation became so
loud that both the sergeant-at-arms and
Acting Chairman Richardson felt obliged
to show the speaker the courtesy of rap
ping their gavels and imploring the con
vention to give the cheap South Carolinan
a silent if not a respectful hearing.
The star of Tillm&n set behind the horl
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, JLLV 10, i»s*e.
zon to-day with his final bow. With his
closing sentence tbe idol of Carolina lay
broken, humiliated and disgraced in the
eyes of all honest Democrats, at the foot of
the flimsy pedestal on which it had been
reared. His remarks concerning the New
York delegation in particular and the New
York Democracy in general were resented
by every man in the convention who knew
and respected the patriotism, the ptrty
loyalty and the ability of such magnificent
men as Senator Hill and his colleagues,
whose names will go down in political his
tory long after that of Tillman shall hare
ceased to be even a memory. Tnere is a
feeling of justice and magnanimity sleep
ing at the base of every man's heart,
whether he be savage or civilized, and this
feeling was stirred into life by the rancor
ous words of Tillman of the evil eye.
When the gallant David Bennett Hill of
New York appeared upon the platform,
he wts greeted with a round of cheers and
with a spontaneous outburst of enthusi
asm, which must have cut deeply into tbe
pride of the South Carolinan who had
abused him. This outburst of applause was
intended and interpreted as a well
merited rebuke to demagogy, unman
liness and abuse, but the programme of
Boss Altgeld had to be followed to its logi
cal termination, and the speech of Tillman
went along with the hide and horns.
It was remarked to-day in conversation
by a delegate from the West that any
politician who gets up in a public, respect
able place and uses language unfit for a
gentleman) to utter will become famous for
a certain period among a certain class of
people. But such boors only run a very
short course; lire the rocket, they may be
brilliant when going up, but when coming
down, all that there is of them is a charred
stick.
I was very much disappointed in Sena- j
tor Tillman. I bad thought he was a sin- j
cere patriot suffering in secret for tne !
wrongß of bis people and manly enough to !
stand up in the Senate and denounce .
political corruption, even though it reeked j
on the threshold of the White House. But [
when I heard him to-day resurrect the
bloody shirt, attempt to reopen the old
wounds of the war, glonfy secession and
the firing upon tbe flag at Fort Sumter, I j
saw at once that he was playing for popu- ;
larity with the very lowest and most dis- '■■
loyal element of tLe South. To-day ends '■
Tillman's career as statesman and poli- j
tician. His speech was that of a ward
heeler, and it wiil not be long before he
will occupy a niche which he fits so well
— that of a successful police court lawyer.
Johs Paul Cosgbav*.
DEMOCRACY'S GREAT
NATIONAL CIRCUS
{ Continued front first Pag*, j
tion were named by noted orators and the
usual demonstrations held.
Bland was cheered to the echo, and a
scene of the wildest enthusiasm ensued
when Senator Vest mentioned his name at
the end of his nominating speech.
Bryan, suddenly injected into the list of
probable candidates by bis speech of the
morning, was put before tbe convention in
the maiden effort of Delegate H. T. Lewis
of Georgia, who established a reputation for
natural oratory in the few brief moments
he took for the purpose, and eg lai to tbe
demonstration for Bland was that which
followed tne Georgia delegate's address.
A girl in white, frantic in her enthusiasm
for Horace Boies, leaped to a chair in the
gallery and waved a Boies banner with
frenzied vehemence, and nearly every man
in tbe vast hall, whether from gallantry or
actual sympathy, rose and cheered with
a right good wilL
And when the pretty young woman,
swaying, jumping, clapping her hands
and giving vent to ncr emotion in divers
other ways, marched through delegates
and spectators with the Boies standard
borne above her head, the audience caught
the full spirit of hex enthusiam and
shouted approval with might and main.
Until late in the night these stirring
scenes continued and the thousands gath
ered under the vast expanse of iron can
opy never seemed to tire of using their
lungs.
ELOQUENCE AND UPROAR.
Tillman, Hill and Bryan Among:
Those to Attract the Greatest
Attention.
CONVENTION HALL, CHICAGO, 111.
July 9. — The delegates were clow in reach
ing Convention Hall this morninf, and it
was nearly 11 o'clock before the fail of the
gavel announced that another days ses
sion of tbe National Democratic Conven
tion had begun. There were at that time
mauy empty seats in tne part of the hall
reserved for the delegates, but the seats of
the spectators were ail occupied.
Before tbe convention was called to or
der the principal subject of interest was
the announcement that the committee on
platform had added to the platform a
strong plank against tb* A. P. A., and de
claring that every citizen of the United
States is entitled to civil and religious
liberty.
There was considerable discussion, too,
as to tbe probability of a bolt, for it was
recognized that if a bolt was to come it
would come to-day.
State Senator Grady of New York, after
taking his seat among the New York dele
gates, said to a representative of the
United Press: "It is practically agreed
among the New York delegates to express
no decided opinion as a body upon the J
deliberations of this convention. We will ;
return home silently, will hold an early
Bute Convention, and will tnere decide
what we shall do."
Although tbe platform had been almost i
completed yesterday the committee on !
resolutions went into session shortly be- j
fore 10 o'clock this morning to put the fin j
ißhin* touches to it. Neither Senator Hill, j
ex-Governor Russell nor any of the pronii- I
vent gold leaders on tbe committee were !
at the meeting when it was called to order. ■
About two-ihirds of the members were
present. Senator Hill entered the com
mittee-room at 10 o'clock.
It was just 10:52 when the chairman
called tbe convention to order.
Senator White of California, permanent '
chairman, called the assembly to order.
Prayer was offered by Rev. Thorn at E. J
Green, who offered prayer yesterday. Rep- '
resentative Richardson of Tennessee was
then called to the chair.
Senator Jones of Arkansas presented the
report of the committee on platform «nd i
tbe various points in the platform were !
enthusiastically cheered as they were read. ■
When the Cubun plank was reached i
some one in tbe front aisle unfurled tbe !
flag and waved it Tbis effort at theatri- i
cal effect was promptly suppressed by the !
chairman, who rapped" sharply and com- i
manded the sergeant at-arms to "Haul |
down tnat flag." which was immediately
done and the incident was brought to an '
ignominious close.
The platform is substantially as prepared !
yesterday. j
Senator Hill presented a minority report j
Farmer Bland Yet Leads.
"THE CALL'S" HEADQUARTERS, )
GREAT NORTHERN HOTEL, I
CHICAGO, ILL., JULY 10, 1:30 A. M. )
Bland is still in the lead for the Presidential nomination at this hour. When
the history-making convention of the National Democracy adjourned at 12-30 o'clock
last night until 10 o'clock tbis morning the cool and calculating beads saw no change
in the situation, save the wonderful strength of Bryan of Nebraska. They realized,
however, that his strength was with the galleries, not with the delegations.
Bryan hynotized the convention by his magnificent oratorical display of veter
day afternoon during the debate on the platform. The indescribable demonstration
that followed his outburst of passion and invective was greater than the ovation that
greeted the reception of his being placed in nomination at the later session.
Will Bryan succeed? is a question that the delegates are sleeping on to-night.
Bland will have a large majority on the first ballot to-day, but not sufficient to nom
inate him under the two-thirds rule. *
Stevenson was not named by Illinois. His boom, however, i 3 growing and his
name will be presented later, if the East accepts him as a compromise candidate.
The New York delegation dined with Whitney at the Washington Park Club
house, which is within a few blocks of the Coliseum, during the recess of the conven
tion last night It was decided not to bolt. A steering committee was appointed,
however, and its plan of campaign is withheld from tbe public
The night session of the convention was picturesque and demonstrative.
Delegates and visitors seem exhausted after the labors and excitement of the day
and are now seeking their couches in the big hotels.
Balloting for candidates for Presidential nomination will begin immediately on
the reassembling of the convention this morning. Fra>-k McGciee.
from the committee on resolutions, which
condemns free coinage of silver, and de
mands that ail money be kept on a parity
with gold. Another plank indorses the
administrarion of Cleveland. Both these
planks were enthusiastically cheered, es
pecially the latter. Many of the delegates
and the larger part of the audience sprang
to their feet ana waved bats and handker
chiefs, while the cheenne and applause
showed that Cleveland bad not yet lost all
his popularity.
T wo amendments were then read by
Senator Hill as follows:
First amendrrent: "But it should be
carefully provided by law that any change
in the monetary standard should not ap
ply to existing contracts."
Second amendment: "Our advocacy of
the independent and free coinage of silver
being based on tbe belief that such coin
age will affect and maintain a parity be
tween gold and silver at the ratio of 16 to
1, we declare and pledge our sincerity that
if such frie coinage shall fail to effect such
parity within one year from its enactment
by law, such coinage shall thereupon be
suspended."
Senator Tillman of South Carolina was
the first speaker in favor of the majority
report. When he ascended the platform
he was greeted with cheers and hisses. He
began by referring to the way in which
the "lying" newspapers bad misrepre
sented him when they called him the
"pitchfork man" from South Carolina,
and said that he came from the Secession.
He denounced these statements as an in
sult to South Carolina. They were there,
he said, to inaugurate a war to liberate
the white slaves. He did not know
"whether he could be looked on as the rep
resentative of the whole South.
His listeners seamed to have the same
doubt, for there were many cries of "No,
no," and much confusion.
Tillman resumed: "We have been the
hewers of wood and drawers of water in
bondage to the States of New York, Con
necticut and New Jersey. This is purely
a sectional issue."
The speaker was here interrupted by
cheers and titses, the hisses predomi
nating. The speaker stood until silence
bad been restored and then said that the
facts would never be changed by hissing.
He asked if New York and Pennsylvania
had got their great increase of wealth in
the last decade honestly — an increase
greater than that of twenty-five of the
Western and Southern States in the same
period of time. The South has no angry
feelings of resentment for the wrongs it
has endured.
Here tbe speaker was interrupted by im
patient shouts from the galleries of
"Time," "Time," but he went on without
paving attention to them. He said that
the sectionalism was between tbe people
and the great money oligarchy of the East
and asked, "Where is tLe New York leader
now?'
This question again excited the galleries
and was greeted with laughter, cheers and
nisses. Then one man called out, as an
answer. "In the toup!" Another called
for Herr Most. And then there were cries
throughout the audience for Hill, and for
a while confusion reigned. Tillman be
came angry as the confusion increased,
and said that he would have his say if he
had to stand there until sundown.
Finally, when quiet was restored, he
said that tbe New York Senator would
have bis turn on tbe platform. Hill bad
forced the present issue and would have a
chance to explain his reasons.
To indorse the administration of Presi
dent Cleveland would be to write them
selves a.->cs and liars. He spoke of the
bond syndicate and denounced Cleveland
for overriding his oath and invading tbe
State of Illinois with Government troops.
Cleveland has been the death of the Dem
ocratic party as far as he could be.
He offered a substitute to the Hill reso
lution, a resolution which read as follows:
"We denounce the administration of Pres
ident Cleveland as nn-Democraiic and
tyrannical and as a departure from those
principles prized by all liberty-loving
Americans; tbe veto power used to thwart
tbe will of the people as expressed by their
representatives in Congress; appointive
power used to subsidize press, debauch Con
gress, overawe and control citizens in tbe
free exercise ot their constitutional rights
as voters, and tbe plutocratic despotism
thus sought to be established on the ruins
of the Republic.
"We repudiate the construction placed
on the financial plank ot tbe last Demo
cratic National Convention by President
Cleveland and Secretary Carlisle as con
trary to the plain meaning of English
words and as being acts of bad faith de
serving the severest censure; tbe issue of
bonds in time of peace with which to buy
gold to red em the coin obligations pay
able in silver or gold, and tbe use of the
proceeds to defray the ordinary expenses
of the Government as unlawful usurpa
tions of authority deserving impeach
ment,"
When Tillman bad finished he was fol
lowed by Senator Jones of Arkansas, who,
of course, spoke in favor of the majority
report. This was not, he said, a question
of section. He loved tbe whole of this
great country and would lay down his life
for it. He loved it beyond ail question of
sectionalism. They were now engaged in
an effort to restore the liberties of their
fathers.
His reference to tbe John Sherman and
Cleveland republicanism was greeted with
laughter and cheers. He said that they
had repudiated sin in the platform, but
had not mentioned tbe sinner. He de
nounced Cleveland as un-Democratic and
tyrannical, and offered an amendment to
the platform to that effect. He denounced,
moreover, the issue of bonds in time of
peace as a usurpation of authority deserv
ing impeachment.
As he left the platform he was greeted ,
with mingled cheers and hisses, and the
convention was a scene of confusion until
Hill of New York made his appearance.
David B. Hill mounted the platform to
speak for the substitute plank and a scene
that approached in entnusiasm that of
last night, wh*n New York cast her sev
enty-two votes for the minority report of
the credentials committee, began. Dele
gates stood on chairs and waved hats,
fans and handkerchiefs. Mr. Wnitney
rose with the rest and the sight of his
erect figure brought many to their feet
The galleries seemed to rise as a man and
the waving sea of hats, newspapers and
everything at hand that could be made
conspicuous rose and fell all over the hall.
The attempts of the chair to still the
tumult were unavailing, and although
most of the delegates resumed their seats
after several minutes of cheering, the
galleries would not be quiet and yelled
and shouted with hearty good will.
At this time the object of the demon
stration stood cool, facing bis enthusiastic
friends. He showed no feeling in facial
expression, and glanced straight ahead.
Then gradually the tumult ended and
fiually silence reigned. Mr. Hill began in
slow and distinct tones, saying that, fol
lowing the course of tbe Senator from
South Carolina, he would introduce him
self by sayinp, "I am a Democrat, but I am
not a revolutionist." [Cheers.]
Without intending to especially reply to
the remarks of the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina, be would only say
that it was a waste of time for him to
assume that we were so ignorant as not to
know that it was South Carolina that in
1860 attempted to destroy the Union. His
[Hill's] mission here to-day was to build
up, not to destroy.
He knew he addressed a convention that
did not agree with all the views he held;
but he knew they would hear him for his
cause. New York made no apoloey to
South Carolina. [Cheers.] She did not
need it. Need he remind this great con
vention that it was New York City whose
wealth had been so decried that had al
ways been the Gibraltar of Democracy.
He assertAd this proposition: That the
Democratic party stood to-day in favor of
gold and silver as the money for the con
stitution, and not for gold or silver alone,
bat differed as to the means that should
be employed to attain their end. One side
favored the co-operation of other nations.
It was not a question of courage. It was
a question of business, a question of
economics. He believed it was wise to
seek the co-operation of other nations. He
did not assail the honesty of those who
differed with him. He had always treated
the free coinage men respectfully and
would do so to-day.
He d(u'ndt baiters 'h.-j jold fenfire the
lll. uncial ivflicra." (I ilaitarod 'Axuertofta
Ptlde to say '.hi* hslls) w*As~txt*«u6u*li to
siautl alono. Hi.it if wac- tlb*iuts.fa
tU leglxirnkte :t..-),.'.i_-i..,i *vt mlicbi as well
do away rjlßntl IRlernAtlodsd rgmpje*-
Olad treallajs. Ho **ixjtlxer lhon»Rl II Un
ntie. to deiwnd' bpon i* s'innle ratio. IRA
platform should fxaTC thAppivtl ,1 da.roocd
injt th*: rtoicrje: : nt -1.-i:. instead
of tbau the fiUUiinu m.ik ;uo i»vt of
I)etiio>:ralfa loyalty hang npcti sinßlu
ratio at 16 r. l lit «aw Isefor* htrudhv
hoi i|*bod fteocoinafie Scftaxors who "li^d
introduced bud* advocatinc other ralhisa.
The TjUtiorro satto Uiu gob! pdLlry-wii tho
policy t>l England. -1L torgfot. to aaytbkt
thera was * a ranch.' policy «i|U, i German
policy. • r-psuiish .t»lic/— Bull lv iaut ti
was Xtio policy of ih ■ terM as xaproMhlsd
by the Suite, nt tins latin CnuiQ,
He took it for granted that this conven
tion was in favor of maintaining the silver
dollar od a parity with every other dollar,
but the platform said not a word aOout
this. Everything was risked on free coin
age. Could the American people, no mat
ter how brave they might be, make copper
or lead the equal of gold? It was a ques
tion, as he had said, of economics, and
therefore in the- opinion of the minority
tbe safest course was to advocate inter
national monometalism and stop there.
The criticism was made that the minority's
plank was similar to that of the Republi
can party. He did not think it much the
worse for that. The Monroe plank, the
Cuban, the pension and the civil service
planks were all equally like the Eepubli
ban planks. He did not like many of the
planks in the Democratic platform, and
he thought it' the wise counsels of the
Senator ftom Arkansas had pre
vailed it would have been different. There
lore, when that Senator said the platform
meant what it saiil and said what it means,
he would like some one to explain v.nat
was meant by the plank about the issue
of paper money in the future. Was this
an attempt at this late day to commit the
Democratic party to the suicidal policy of
issuing paper money ?
Further he did not believe it wise to
introduce new tests of Democracy. What
was the necessity of making an income
tax a test of Democratic faith ? Had it
come to this, he asked, that tbe followers
of Tliden, who all his life opposed this
iniquitous tax, were now required as a test
of their Democracy to express their belief
in tbe constitutionality of an income tax?
Was it wise, he asked, to attack the Su
preme Court of your country? [Cheers.l
"Will some one tell me," he continued,
"what that clause means in this- platform ?
If you mean what you say and say wiiat
you mean, that plank means— if it means
anything— that it is the duty of Congress
to reconstruct the Supreme Court of the
country. I will not lollow any such revo
lutionary step as that" [Cheers.]
Then he asked if they bad not trouble
enough without putting in all these un
necessary and foolish things. What more
have you done?
"You have for the first time," he said,
"assailed in a Democratic platform the
doctrine of oar father*, of A life tenure for
our Judges. How foolish to insert that
provision."
Still more foolish, he contended, was the
condemnation of tbe issue of bonds. Tbat
meant the repeal of the resumption act
and repudiation. 'Cheers.] The state
ment implied that not even Congress bad
tbe power to do this. The statement was
too broad; it must be a surprise to some
of his Democratic friends in the Senate
who had introduced bi'.is to authorize the
issue of bonds for the Nicaragua canal and
ctUer purposes, [daughter and applause.]
He summarized the results which would
have followed if the President bad not
made use of tne authority conferred -upon
him and issued bonds. Speaking of the
deficit of flfiv millions which had arisen
because a tariff bill passed by the Demo
cratic party had not 'as y?t' (as he said
with emphasis) yielded enough revenue
for the necessities of the Government.
This was a foolish issue to have raised. It
put the Democratic party on the defensive
in every >chool district in the country.
The burden imposed upon the Eastern
States by this silver plank was all they
could reasonably be expected to carry
without imposing on them all the addi
tional issues. He did not believe in driv
ing men out of tbe Democratic arty
[cheers] to make room for a lot of Re
publicans and Whigs and Populists who
have never voted the Democratic ticket in
their lives. [Load cheers.]
"I tell you," he added impressively, "no
matter who your candidate may be, with
one exception, your Populist friends will
nominate their own .ticket and your forces
will be divided.'' [Loud applause.]
A voice back in the ball cried ">"■•."
Turning in that direction Mr. Hill said
with bitter intonation: "My friend says
'No.'" Then raisin? his voice to its full
pitch, he asked: "Who is there to speak
for the Populists in a Democratic conven
tion?" [Cheers, renewed again &nd
again.] .
Senator Hill brought his speech to a
close by a recapitulation of the defects^l
found in the platform, and said there was
still time to remedy them in part.
As he returned to his delegation he was
cheered as no other speacer bad been since
the opening of the convention. The dem
onstration over Senator Hill was at its
height when Senator Vilas ascended the
platform to support his colleague's argu
ment, and his appearance there was lost
sight of in the general confusion. Mr.
Hill's progress to his place among the
New York delegation was a series of hand
shaking.
Even after the cheering had ceased it
was some time before order could be ob
tained.
Mr. Viias was applauded as he was in
troduced. The reasons for the minority
were presented, he said, with a recogni
tion that they constituted a protest
against the proposed attempt at party
revolution. If the majority persisted in
its revolutionary methods they were sure
to meet a fearful penalty. Tbis platform
would not produce bimetallism. It was in
direct contrast to the platform of 1892,
which proposed honest bimetallism. It
would shrink.not swell.our currency. The
silver dollar was no new thing to the
United States : the scheme of silver mono
metallism was no new thing to the United
States. Tne Act of 1834 was the real Demo
cratic measure; it was created under
Democratic leadership. That was dis
tinctly a gold measure. The gold stand
ard was now accused of responsibility for
ail the prevailing evils, but it was never so
credited when prices rose."
"Would you," he asked, "stop tbe change
< f prices, stop enterprise, prevent trans
portation ? Take from the farmer tbe
mower and reaping machine, wheat would
rise. Do such things as these and they
would soon relieve you of this curse of
civilization."
Mr. Vilas told of the changes in wages
and prices during the decade just past.
The foreign debt was pledged to be paid
in gold, and for every foreign debtor a
creditor would be injured — oue of our own
people. He protested against tbe assump
tion that this was a nation of dishonest
debtors. [Applause.] In the language of
Lincoln, "you may fool all tbe people
some of the time; you may fool some of
the people all the time, but you cannot
fool aii of the people all of the time."
[Laughter and applause.]
He solemnly protested that should this
scheme ever win it would result in uni
versal distress; if it should ever come
about it would result in direct calamity.
If that calamity ever came, let us remem
ber who were its authors. He appealed to
the Southern Democrats to desist In their
attempt to bring about a change in civiliza
tion at which the whole world stands
aghast.
Cheers for Vilas as he concluded were
intermingled with cries of "Russeli," and
the ex-Governor of Massachusetts was
given a hearty welcome as he began to
speak. The time had passed, he said, for
debate on the merits cf this issue. He
was conscious, painfully conscious, that
the mind of this convention was not and
had not been open to conviction. He
knew tbat the policy which jiggled down
rights and invaded the sovereignty of
fctates was to be rigidly enforced. But tbe
country, if not this convention, would
listen to the higher protest. [Cheers.]
He spoke, and he bad a right to speas, for
the Democracy of his com monwealtn. He
had seen it in its darkest days following
the principles of Democracy with an abid
ing faith, and they lived to see the day
when for three successive years they bad
seen the banners of Democracy trium
phant in Massachusetts over the cohorts
of Republican protection. This was on
great National issues. He did not believe
he should have lived to nee the day when
three great principles would be forgotten
in a Democratic convention and they
should be invited under new and radical
leadership and a new and radical policy,
at the demand of a section, on the ground
of expediency, to adopt a policy which he
and those who thought with him believed
meant dishonor and disaster. [Cheers and
applause.]
Then Governor Russell paid his respects
to George Fred Williams. He said: "In
these debates I have heard one false note
from the commonwealth of Massachusetts.
1 answer him not in anger but in sorrow,
and I appeal to you, my fellow delegates,
and ask. Do I or do I not speak the senti
ments of my State? [Loud cries of 'Yes.']
Do I speak the sentiments of my State
when I say they and we utter our earnest
and unflinching protest against this Dem
ocratic platform ? [Cheers.] Let me, fol
lowing the example of the Senator from
South Carolina, utter a prophecy. When
this storm has subsided and the dark
clouds of passion and prejudice have worn
away and there comes a sober second
thought of the people, then the protest of
the minority here will be held as the nrk
of the covenant of the Faith [cheer?],
where all Democrats will be united and
go forth to fight for the ol I principles and
carry them to triumphal victory.
Cheer after cheer went up as Bryan of
Nebraska, tali, emooth-faced, youthful
looking, leaped up the platform steps,
two at a time, to close the debate. Ban
ners waved from the free silver delega
tions, and handkerchiefs, newspapers,
hats, fans and canes were brought into
play by tbe entbnsiaatic crowd. At one
time tne applause became deafening, and
could not be suppressei by Mr. Ricbard
son, who was still acting as temporary
cr.airraan. When quiet had been restored
Mr. Bryan began speaking clearly and de
lioerateiy. T. c beiief in the honor of a
righteous cause was stronger than the pre
dictions of disaster. He would move to
lay on tbe table the resolutions in con
demnation of the administration. [Cheers.]
This was not a question tha< permitted
descent into personalities. ThU bad been
a great coo test. Never before had so
great an issue been fou*bt oat. Ha
sketched the growth of the free silver idea
in the Democratic ranks, and toid
zeal that had been injected into the party
contest. The siiver men had gone forth
to victory after victory, and were as
sembled now not to condemn, not to pro
test, but to enter up a judgment ordered
by the people. As individuals, he said,
those whom he represented might have
been willing to compliment the gentle
man from New York (Mr. Hill), but they
were unwilling to put him io a position
where he could thwart tbe will of the
Democratic party. -[Cheers.]
He claimed for his people that they were
the equals of the peo; Ie of Massachusetts
[cheers], and when the people of Massa
chusetts came to the people of Nebraska
and said, "You have disturbed our busi
ness," tbe people of Nebraska replied to
t c people of Massachusetts, 'You have
disturbed our business." [Applause.]
"We say," he continued, "you have
made too limited an application of the
definition of the word "business man.'
The man employed for wages is as much a
business man as hisemployer. [Applause.]
The farmer wno goes out to toil in the
morning is as much a business man as
the man who goes on the Board of Trade
to gamble in stocks. [Cheers.] The miner
is as much a business man as the few
financial magnates who in a back room
corner the money of the world. [Great
cbeerine. ',
Mr. Bryan said those represented were
tired of submitting to tbe burdens which
oppressed them. ''We beg no longer, we
petition no more, we defy them.'' This
denunciation uttered in Mr. Bryan's most
dramatic manner was followed by a scene
of wiid excitement and cheering, which
lasted several minutes.
"What we need," Bryan continued "is
an Andrew Jackson, to stand as Andrew
JacXßon stood against tne National bank*.
We are toid that our platform is made to
catch votes. We reply to them that
changed conditions make new issuer Tbe
principles on which Democracy rests are
as everlasting as the hills, but they must
be applied to new conditions as they arise.
"New conditions have arisen and we are
attempting to meet them. They tell us
that the income-tax question ought not
to be brought in here; that it is a new
idea. They find fault with us for our
criticism of the Supreme Court of the
United States. We have not criticized it.
We have simply called attention to it. If
you, want a criticism of tee court in the
matter of the income tax read the dis
senting opinions of the Judges.
"They say that we passed aa unconsti
tutional law. I deny it. The income tax
was not unconstitutional when it wect be
fore tbe Supreme Court for the first time.
It did not become unconstitutional until
one juuge changed his mind and we can
not be expected to know when a judge
will change his mind. [Cheers and laugh
ter.] The income tax is a just law and I
am in favor of it. [Applause.] And when
I find a man who is not willing to pay his
share of the burdens of the Government
which protects him I find a man who is
unworthy to enjoy the blessings of a Gov
ernment like ours, [ixmd cheers/
"They say that we are opposing the Na
tional bank currency. It is true. Thomas
Benton said that in searching history he
could find but one parallel to Andrew
Jackson, that when Cicero destroye :
conspiracy of Cataline and saved Rome be
did for Rome what Jackson did *ie -.
he destroyed the bank' conspiracy and
saved America. We say in onr platform
that tbe right to coin and issue money is
a function of Government. We believe
that tbat power of sovereign y can no
more with safety be dele ated to private
corporations than the power to enact
penal statutes or levy taxation.
"Mr. Jefferson, who was once regarded
as good Democratic authority, seems to
have had a different opinion from the
Senator from New York. They tell us
that tne issuance of paper money is the
function of tanks and that the Govern
ment ought to go our of the banking busi
ness. I stand with Jefferson and tell them
as he did tbat the hsue of money is a
function of government and that the
banks ought to go out of tbe governing
business. [Cneers and laughter.]
"The Senator from New York says he
will offer an amendment providing* that,
tne proposed change of law shall not affect
contracts already made. Let me inform
him that that is not the intention where
under present law contracts are made pay
able in gold. But if he means to say that
we cannot change our monetary system
witnout protecting those who have loaned
money before tbe change is made, I want
to ask him where. :n law or in morals, he
can find authority for not protecting the
debtors when the act of 1373 was passed.
"Tb* Senator from New York also aaks
about tbe consequence of a failure to main
tain parity. My reply is that we cannot
couple the platform with a doubt as to our
own sincerity. He says he wants this
country to try an international agreement.
Why does he not tell us what he is going
to do if they fail to secure it ? [Applause
and laughter.] They have tried for twenty
years to secure an international agreement
for bimetallism and those wno are waiting
for it most patiently do not want it at all.
[Applause and laughter.]
"It they ask why it is that we say more
on the money question tban on the tariff
question, we reply that if protection has
slain its thousands the gold standard has
slain its tens ol thousands. [Cheers.] If
they ask us wby not embody ia the plat
form all those things that we believe, my
reply is tbat when we have restored the
money of the constitution all other neces
sary reforms will be possible, and 'that
until that is done there is no reform that
can be accomplished. [Cheers.]
"Why is it that, within three months,
such a change has come over the senti
ment nf tnis country? Three months ago
NEW TO -DAT. :
1 INFANT HEALTH I
J SENT FREE x
_4 A little book that should be in every §9
b home. - Issued by the manufacturers So:
o: the ;■..- - - h
I Gail Borden Eagle Brand i
I Condensed Milk 4
% '. ' ' .N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. I
in Hudson Street, - few Tork a
BRUSHESSSSI
brewers,^ bookbinders, «nl£.m*ke«r^£££i
dyers, , nonrmUl., touadrlw, . laundika, ™££
;h*ng»rs. printer*, palmers, shoe factar!«.
! aaen, urroofew. tanners. UUors,«t«r B> ■»ni«'
B -i, " w BOOHAJSAN Shos.,
Manufacturers. 60» Sacramoutea*U was confidently asserted that those who
believe in the gold standard would form a
platform and nominate and elect a candi
date, and they had good reason for the
assertion. Because there is scarcely a
State here to-day asking for a gold stan- j
dard that is not within the absolute con- I
trol of the Republican party. Mr. Me- j
Kinley was nominated at St. Louis on a
platform which declares for the mainte
nance of the gold standard until it shall
be changed into bimetallism by interna
tional agreement. Mr. McKinley was the
most popular man among the Repub
licans, and three months ago everybody
in the Republican party prophesied his
election.
"How is it to-day? That man who used
to boast that he looks like Napoleon
[lautrhter] shudders to-day when he thinks
ti at he was nominated on the anniver
sary of the battle of Waterloo. [Cheers.l
He can fancy that he hears in the distance
the pound of the waves as they beat on the
lonely shores of St. Helena. [Cheers.]
Why this chance? Ah, my friends, the
change is evident to any one who looks at
the matter. It is because no private char
acter, however pure, no personal popular
iiv, however great, can protect from the
avenging wrath of an indignant people.
The man who would declare that he is in
favor of foisting the gold standard on this
people or who is willing to surrender the
right of self-governmeut and to place
legislative control in the hands of foreign
potentates and powers cannot hope for an
eleciicn to the Presidency of the United
States.
•We go forth,' said the orator, 'confi
dent that we shall win. Why? Because
there i> not a spot of ground upon which
the advocates of the gold standard can
meet as. You tell us the great cities are
in favor of the gold standard. Burn down
your cities and leave our farms and your
cities will prow up again. But destroy
our farms and the grass will grow in every
city ot the Union. [Great cheering.]
"My friends,' 1 he continued, "we shall
declare that this Nation is able to legislate
for its people upon every question without
waiting for the consent of any other na
tion on earth, and upon that issue we
expect to carry every State in this conn
try. [Great cheers.] It is the issue of
177H over again. Our ancestors, when only
3,090,000 in number, declared their inde
pendence of every nation on earth. Shall
we, when grown to 70.000,000, have less
courage? If they say we cannot have bi
metallism until some other nation assists,
w<- reply. We will restore bimetallism and
let England adopt it because the United
St -ties has led the way. [Cheers.] We
siiH.ll answer their demand for the gold
s::ind;»rd by saying to them: 'You shall
■ress down upon the brow of labor
this crown of thorns. You shall not
crucify mankind upon a cross of gold.'
[Tremendous cheering.]
Then ensued perhaps the most extraor
dinary scene ol this extraordinary conven
tion. As if by the magic touch of a wand,
delegation after delegation rose in solid
phalanx and cave vent to the most enthu
siastic demonstration in honor of the Ne
braska orator. Everybody stood up, even
the Eastern men, who at first were dis
posed to remain in their seats. Western
er- shouted, waved handkerchiefs, hats,
canes, umbrellas and anything else
conspicuous and portable. Deafening
cheers rent the air and articles of every de
scription were thrown high above the
surging sea of humanity. The staffs bear
ing the names of the States were held aloft
v,\th flaes and other things on top and
waved to and fro. When that pastime be
"r.m« too tame, led by Delegate Gatewood j
of Texas, nearly all of the silver States and
Territories and some gold States joined in
a procession, bearing the State poles, and
marched in triumph around the floor.
Some of the Eastern States' kept their
si ustaffs in their places and confined their
expressions to standing up and giving a
miM cheer as individuals.
This furore continued for a quarter of
an hour, and no efforts were made by the
chairman or sergeant-at-arms to check its
tempestuous progress. Away to the west
and north and the south of the platform
in the multitude of spectators the demon
stration of the delegates was repeated.
Hundreds of umbrellas were opened by
apparently crazed people. Harmless mis
siles of paper and other things were
hurled through the air on delegates' heads.
The remarkable feature of this wild out
break was that its spontaneity was appar
ent, and it was «o much a personal tribute
to Bryan that Eastern delegates who dif
fered from him caught the infection and
joined in moderately. Nebraska's delega
tion was the cynosure of observation, and
the smooth-faced silver champion who
had electrified the convention sat un
moved in his seat at the edge of the aisle
opposite his opponent from New York,
Senator Hill.
Whf r, some degree of quiet was restorad
tlic previous question was ordered on the
pratferm and all amendments. Mr. Hill
requested a call of States on his proposed
financial plank, and at 3:15 the voting be
gan upon Mr. Hill's proposed substitut
for the free-coinage plank. It resulted:
Ayes 303, noes 626, as follows:
> a
State*. ■ '< a
12 I »
Alabama V2
Arkansas :.. 18
California... 18
Colorado . g
Connecticut .. ."....: 12
Delaware 6 1
Florida, 3 , 5
GeorfiU.. .... 26
I>ialiu ...'.. .... ■ 6
Illinois.... .. ! 48
Indiana........ .;;. 30
Iowa .-... 26
Kit! was.... , ! 20
Kentucky...;........'.. . 8 26
Louisiana... ...<l I m
Maine 10 a
Maryland ; 12 4
Massachusetts ** 27 3
Michigan .....'. .... 28
Minnesota *11 6
Mississippi "■ id
Missouri '„..; , "' 34
Moniana...... ' '.'. #< a
Nebraska .'. " " ' 1R
Nevada " 1 2
New Hampshire........ ...'...;..... 8
New Jersey.. .........,! 20 '.'"
New York............ ..'. .......: 72
North Carolina. ; "Vjjj
North Dakota g
Ohio.. 48
Oregon ..." ' g
Pennsylvania 84
Rhode Island 8 ....
South Carolina lg
South Dakota 8 ...
Tennessee - 24
Texas.......... ....'.. -".~. 30
Vtah .... 6
Vermont 8
Vlrfe-i nla.. -....'.... .' 24
'A Hating on .:.....'............. .3 6
V'm Virginia.... .... 12
Wisconsin 24
Wyoming.....;...... .... ■ 6
Arizona.... 6
New Mexico...... ......'.....■........ .*.;. 8
Oklahoma..........: :........ ... 6
Indian Territory ....'. .... | 6
District of Columbia. 7... . 2! / 4
Alaska. ;r.r.rrrr:r^rrr... 6 ....
Totals.;.. ...V.I........ -|303 626
•Sot voting, 1. . , , .■
Mr. Hill said he did not desire a call of
States upon hi 3 two financial amend
ments, but he did desire a vote by States
on the resolution commending the admin
istration. Ti>e rollcall was begun at 3:47.
The result of the roilca'l on the resolu
tion indorsing the administration was an
nounced: Ayee, 357; noes, 564; not voting
and absent, 9; total, 930. This announce
ment accounted for all the delegates *nd
was greeted with applause and hisses. In
detail the vote on the Cleveland resolution
was as follows:
States. •< ©
• *
- ■ ■ ■ ■ • • m a .
Alabama . ., 22
Arkansas..';..........-. ...;.;.".'.. '...;.. .... IB
California..;.-..-..-.;..;.. .....;...... ... .....; 11 3
Colorado.. ........•• ..-.. 8
Connecticut...:......... 12 ....
Delaware.... 5: 1
Florida 7! l
Georgia 26
Idaho .■-•... 6
Illinos..... ' ... 48
Indiana, .. tmm .... 30
Iowa .....-......;■.. ...■..•.;;.;....•.-....-.! 26
Kansas.-...;..-......; ;;..........•. " .... HO
Kentucky.................... 26
Louisiana..........; ..;.-. 16
Maine 11 1
Maryland 16....
Massachusetts 28 1
Michigan... ; j 28 ....
Minnesota... 17 1
Mississippi.-.....;.-;..- •-.;•• ....... ...". 18
Missouri .". .... 34
Montana .... .'.* I *
Nebraska i 1«
Nevada. •
New Hampshire -8 ' —
New Jersey... 20 —
New York............ 7 - ....
North Carolina 2 -
North Dakota ....;....... *
Ohio 4J>
or^Kon ••• 8
Pennsylvnia e * ••
Rhode Island : ' 8 :•••
South Carolina •• aH
South Dakota...... H •••:
Tennessee 5*
Texas............. •••• 3 2
Utah......................... .... «
Vermont .° ••_•;
Virginia v 2 *
Washington ••• 8 ,°
"West Virginia •_•• 11
Wiscousn •" ••••
Wyoming -x °
A aska • •• - 6 •••■
Arizona • •• *
District of Columbia 1 °
New Mexico...... •'
Oklahoma v •
Indian Territory o
Totals 357 564
California— Four not voting. Massachusetts, one
Dot votins. Montana— Two not voting. North
Dakota— one not voting. V> est Virginia— One not
voting. Absent or not voting, 9.
Mr. Hill's two financial amendments
were then voted down viva voce. Mr.
Tillman rose to ask the parliamentary
status of his amendment condemning tbe
administration. The chair replied that it
was still pending if the gentleman desired
to press it. Mr. Tillman replied that as
the failure to indorse was equivalent to a
vote of censure he withdrew his amend
ment.
At 4:37 p. Jf. the roll of Btates was called
on the adoption of the platform as reported
by tne committee on resolutions. The
result was announced: Ayes, 628; noes,
301 ; absent, 1. Total, 930. as follows:
> 2 I
Btate. ■ « ?
Alabama 22 ....
Arkansas 16 1 ....
California. . 18 ....
Colorado.... 8 ....
Connecticut .12
aware 1 6
Florida :. 5 3
Georgia.. . 26 ....
Idaho.. "6 ....
nutiois 48 ....
Indiana...... 30 ....
Iowa................... ...;.;.... 26 ....
Kansas 20 ....
Kentucky 26 ..;.
Louisiana It! ....
Maine • 2 10
Maryland 4 12
Massachusetts .". 3 27
Michigan 28 ....
Minnesota 6 *11
Mississippi 18 ...
Missouri... . 34 ....
Montana * • 6 ....
Nebraska 16 ....
N«vada ; 61....
." w Hampshire- „ 8
New Jersey 20
New York 72
North Carolina 22
North Dakota .*.'. 6 ....
Ohio...... 461....
Oregon 8 ....
Pennsylvania. 64
Rhode Island.... 8
Sou th Carolina...... 18
South Dakota 8
Tennessee 24 ....
Texas 30 ....
Utah.. 6 ....
Vermont 8
Virginia..: 24
Washington .'. ;."......." 5 S
"West Virginia 12 .,. .
Wisconsin........... ;... ,'24
Wyoming... ..: -.6 ...".
Alaska "... .... 6
Arizona....:...... .*.;.. .......... 6 ....
District of Colombia 6
New Mexico ; *..........;.. 6 ....
Oklahoma. .'.......... 6 ...
Indian Territory.... . 0 ....
, Totals.. ;.;..: 628 301
•Absent one. , '• - .,.,:
The official declarations of Georgia and
Louisiana in favor of Bryan for the nom
ination caused rumors galore, and reports
fairly flew about that other States would
Jail into the Bryan column. Illinois was
mentioned as one of these. Governor
AitEeid denied the rumor, however, say
ine: "It is absolutely untrue. Illinois
has already declared in favor ol Mr.
Bland."
The friends of Mr. Bryan left the con
vention hall at recess confident of nom
inating their man, and if appearances
count for anything they were certainJy
justified in their enthusiasm for him.
AT THE EVENING SESSION.
Statesmen Grow Eloquent In Plac
ing the Various Candidates In
Nomination.
CHICAGO, 111., July 9.— The masses of
spectators at this evening's session were,
if possible, denser and the excitement
more intense than at any previous session
of the convention, because the crisis of the
nominating speeches arid the balloting for
Presidential candidates had arrived. There
was not a vacant seat outside of the sec
tions for delegates and alternates at 8
o'clock, the hour to which the recess ex
tended, and still the crowds kept pouring
in as though the supply of tickets was in
exhaustible and the capacity of the spa
cious and magnificent hall could not be
put to too severe a test. The illumination
by electric lamps was perfect but the heat
stifling.
The New York delegation held a caucus
before coming to the convention hall and
discussed the best steps to take in this
evening's programme. It was decided to
come to the hall and take their seats, but
not to take part in the balloting. They
also decided not to bolt the convention.
The convention was called to order at
8:30 p.m. by its presiding officer, Senator
White of California, who immediately
handed over the gavel to Representative
Richardson of Tennessee, who acted as
president pro tern. this evening as well as
during the morning session.
It took the sergeant-at-arms and his
assistants fully ten minutes to allay the
uproar and confusion and to obtain even a
tolerable degree of order, and even that
lasted for only a very brief interval, for
every moment, on one pretense or another,
the crowds broke out with cheering.
The chairman informed the convention
that the roll of States would now be called
so the nominations of the candidates for
the Presidency could be made. By an
agreement entered into by the friends of
j the several candidates, the chairman
j added, tha nominating and seconding
speeches would be confined to thirty
minutes in length, which time might be
used either when the nominations were
made or when the State ol the speaker was
called.
Senator Vest of Missouri was the first
delegate to ascend the platform, even be
fore the call of States had got further in
the alphabetical iist than the State of
Arkansas.
Mr. Vest spoke as follows:
Resolution? do not begin with the rich and
prosperous. They represent the protest of
those who are suffering from political condi
tion* and whose demands for relief are de
nounced by the beneficiaries of unjust and op
pressive-legislation.
When a profound sense of wrong, evolved
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
Dr. Milliniux and \\\s Oregon. Friends Shouting for ex-Qov>ernor
Svj Wester p'ennoyer.
from yean of distress, fastens upon the public
mind in a free country, and the people are de
termined to have redress, a leader is always
found who is a platform in himself and to
whom they instinctively turn as the logical
exponent of their hopes.
The people are not iconoclasts nor false to
their convictions. They followed Jefferson
when he assailed the centralizing and mon
archical doctrines of the old Federalists and
was denounced as a communist and leveler by
the wealth and culture of New England and
New York. They followed Jackson when he
took the United States Bank by the throat and
was proclaimed a tyrant and ruffian by the
usurers and money kings. They followed Lin
coln when he attacked the slave power nnd de
clared that this country could not exist "hall
slave and half free."
The great movement for bimetallism— the
free and unlimited coinage of gold and silver
at a ratio of 16 to I— and the restoration of sil
ver to its constitutional status is "no sapling
chance-sown by the fountain, blooming at
springtime, in winter to fade."
It Uas come to stay. It is a protest against
the wrong and outrage of 1873, when, without
debate and with the knowledge of only a few
men in Congress, the silver dollar was stricken
from the coinage and the red despot of gold
made supreme as to all values. It is a declara
tion by the free men of America that the
United States must withdraw from the con
spiracy which was formed to destroy one-half
the metallic money of the world, in order to
establish the slavery of greed and usury, more
degrading than the tyranny of armed forces.
It is the stern demand from unrequited toil,
bankrupt enterprise and ruined homes, for a
change in the money system which lor years
has brought disaster and desolation.
In this crisis of our country and party we
must take no step backward in platform nor
candidate. We want no uncertain nor doubt
ful leader. "No laggard in peace or dastard in
war." No latter-day sliver saint, but a griz
zled and scarred veteran if ho has borne the
heat and burthen of the day and whose breast
is marked irom edge of sword and point of
lance en a hundred fields. Twenty years ago
the buttle for silver was begun in the halls of
Congress by a modest, unpretending, brave
man, not an iridescent or 'meteoric statesman,
but of the people and from the people, who has
never faltered for an instant in the great strug
gle. Others doubted And wavered, some
yielded to blandisnment and patronace, and
are now holding office under the gold power;
others misrepresented their constituents and
have been provided for in the Katianal in
firmary of the present administration, but
Richard Parks Bland stands now where he
stood then, the living, breathing embodiment
of the silver cause.
He struck with steel point the golden shield
of the money monopolists as did I van hoe that
of the proud templar In the lists atAshby,
and has neither asked nor given quarter.
Noris he a narrow, one-idea man. For twenty
years in Congress he fought in the front ranks
for Democratic principles and policies as taueht
by Jefferson. He stood by the side of Riindali
and risked health and life to defeat the first
force bill. He opposed ably and earnestly that
crowning tariff infamy, the McKinley act, and
was again among the foremost opponents of the
last force bill, which passed the House but was
defeated in the Senate. He introduced the nrst
free-coinage measure in Congress and was the
author of the seigniorage bill, which passed
both nouses and was vetoed by President
Cleveland. If this be an obscure record, where
can be found the career of any public servant
which deservei the plaudits of his country
men?
The Democrats o! Missouri, who have passed
through the fiery furnace of Republican pro
scription seven times heated, and whose State
flae has always been placed beneath the great
oriftamme of the National Democracy, make no
apology nor excuse when offering such a can
didate for the Presidency.
If it is "whence comes our candidate?" we
answer: "Not from the usuer'g den. nor temple
of Mammon, where the clink of gold drowns
the voice of patriotism, but from the farm, the
workshop, the mine— from the hearts and
homes of the people."
To reject him is to pot a brand upon rugged
honesty and undaunted courage and to chill
the hearts and hopes of those who during all
these years have waited for this hour of
triumoh. To nominate him is to make our
party agaih that of the people, and to insure
success
Give us Silver Dick and silver quick,
And we will make McKinley sick
In the Ides of next November.
The voice of the Missouri Senator, never
at any time very robust, was quite lost in
the vastness of the hall. His mention of
inland's name was followed by only a very
slight demonstration of applause not half
so loud as the clamor of the delegates
fighting their way into the convention.
Mr. Com stork of Rhode Island com
plained to the chair that he had been
almost "torn to pieces" in forcing his way
in through the force of police. A similar
complaint was made by delegates from
New York, and instructions were given to
the sergeant-at-arms to remedy the evil.
The chairman and the sergeant-at-arms
appeared to be utterly unable to cope with
the situation, and Mr. Vest went on with
bis speech nominating Mr. Bland. The
only part of his speech that stirred the
crowd was the closing rhyme:
Give ns Silver Dick
And silver quick.
And we will make McKinley sick.
This brought down the bouse and bats
and flags were waved amid a great uproar
which lasted for some minutes. The band
came to the help of the crowd, striking up
"The Battle-cry of .Freedom." All tho
silver delegates rose to their feet, cheered
and indulged in all the usual manifesta
tions of popular enthusiasm, so tbat what
at first was but a faint wave of applause
grew into a tumultuous storm in the thick
of which a Bland banner was carried
through the hall with the motto:
.. ■ : ,•■ ■
A band of music at either end of the hall
added to the uproar, while the official band
struck up amid great applause "The Red,
White and Blue," putting the rival musi
cians to silence. By this time there were
three handsome silver Bland banners un
rolled and carried about with a likeness of
the candidate and the motto. "Free Silver,
Free People," "One God, One Country,
One Bland," "Bland— Silver's Invincible,
Irrepressible, Irreproachable Champion."
Meantime several of the silver delegates
got into the aisles and jumped erratically
in time with the music. Thii scene lasted
for fully twelve minutes.
The nomination of Mr. Bland was sec
onded by David Overmyer of Kansas, who
spoke of him as "an illustrious statesman
and a peerless Gracchus — 'Silver Dick'
Bland."
He lauded Mr. Bland as a man who knew
that money which was made from either of
the precious metals was sound money, as
tested by the experience and wisdom of all
the sages of the party; an American who
knew that the money of the constitution
was honest money; tftat the money which
was good enough to v&f. private debts was
good enough to pay every public debt, and
tbat the money which was good enough to
pay George Washington when fighting the
battles of liberty was cood enough to pay
Ickelheimer, Morgan or any other man.
[Cheers and laughter.]
Mr. Bland was a man who knew the
short and simple annals of the poor, who
plowed his own fields, turned the stub
born elebe and stirred the fertile soil of
his farm. [Applause.]
"Fellow citizens," Mr. Overmyer contin
ued, "the eyes of the world are upon you.
The great heart of humanity beats in anx
ious expectation of the issue of this the
greatest convention ever held on the
American continent. By the ashes of
your ancesto.s, by the heroic memories of
all the glorious and immortal dead, I ap
peal to you to solve this great issue aright.
Tnere is one name which itself is a solu
tion. Bland. Bland, Biand." [Cheers.]
Hon. J. 8. Williams of Illinois also sec
onded the nomination of Bland, speaking
of him as a man who had done more than
any other American for the restoration of
silver. He spoke of having served with
Bland six years in Congress and his dem
onstrated intelligence and statesmanship.
It was true he had not tve eloquence of
Webster, but his statements of public
questions were always clear and able, and
his twenty 3 r ears in Congress had given
him experience which few men had. Ob
viously hitting at Vice-President Steven
son of his own State he said this conven
tion could not afford to nominate a candi
date whose breathless silence on the sub
ject of silver would cast suspicion on their
case. Take Bland and there would not be
asked bow long he had been a Democrat
and what were his views on silver. Nomi
nate Bland and no Republican words of
his against Democracy would rise up in
this campaign to chill enthusiasm. It had
been said they must nominate • man who
could get Republican votes. He said first
of all nominate a man who could get Dem
ocratic votes. [Cheers.] Nominate Bland
and $400,00 C,OOO issued under the Bland
act would rise up before the people and
appeal for his election. [Cheers.]
Under the call of States when the name
of Caliiornia was reached Chairman Foote
announced that Senator White of tbat
State had refused to allow bis name to be
presented to the convention.
When the State of Georgia was called
H. T. Lewis of that State came to the
platform and put in nomination William
J. Bryan of Nebraska, saying that if pub
lic office was a reward for public service
no man merited such reward more than
he. In the late political contests Mr.
Bryan stood among his peers like Saul
among the Israelites, head and shoulders
above all the rest.
"Honor him with the nomination," he
said, "and you will do credit to the party
and earn for yourselves the plaudits of
your constituents and the thanks ofpoa
terity."
A scene which was almost a duplication
of that which attended the nomination of
Mr. Bland was enacted when Mr. Bryan's
name was proposed to the convention.
The delegates from Georgia, Louisiana,
Nebraska, Michigan, South Dakota and
Mississippi rallied about the spear-shaped
guidons which bear the names of their
States and indicate their position on the
floor.
All the silver delegates arose and joined
in vociferous shouting and waving of hats,
handkerchiefs, newspapers and every
wavable object upon which they could
lay their hands. The scene was uproari
ous for about fourteen minutes.
Theodore F. Klutz of North Carolina
seconded the nomination of Mr. Bryan.
He spoke of him as the young giant of
the West; that friend of the people; that
champion of the oppressed ; that apostle
and prophet of this great crusade for finan
cial reform. He can poll, he added, every
Democratic vote in every section of this
great country that any other man can, and
more than that, he can poll more votes
from pereons of different political persua
sions and do more to unite the friends of
free silver than all ol them put together.
[Cheers.]
Mr. Bryan's nomination was also sec
onded by G. Fred Williams of Massachu
setts, who spoke of crowning a leader in
the great agricultural movement that was
giving hope to the country and life to the
Democracy.
"We want," he said, "a young man to
wield the sword of an indignant people.
We want in this desperate contest a young
giant out of the loins of a giant republic.
We want no Napoleon [cheers] who
marched to a throne under the mantle of
liberty. What I present to yon is a new
Cicero to meet the new Catalines of to
day." [Applause.] His speech in full fol
lows:
The State of Georgia has requested me to add
voice to its wish in this convention. As we
are about to crown a leader of the great agri
cultural movement which has given new life
and hope to the : Democracy, let me offer as a
new sign and token ' the . golden ; sheaf iof Ne
braska's waving i grain. .. .We want the strength
of . you th for the hardship of > a new cause, a
heart which can bum with the fire of pur
pose, a young man to wield the mighty sword
of : an indignant people ; <.. new sympathy ' for
new woes; unfailing vigor in a desperate con
test; a young giant out of the loins of a giant
republic. -, We want no Napoleon to rise ;to ; a
despotic ; throne •> under the mantle of liberty,
but a new Cicero against the Catalines of : to
day. Without his knowledge, against his wish,
I present the name of William J.Bryan of Ne
braska, r
' 1 Thomas - J. . Kernan <of ' Louisiana also
made a seconding speech in' favor of Mr.
Bryan.
"We have this day," he said, "unlike
our Republican brethren, declared that we
will no longer worship the golden calf
which England ha 3 set up. We have re
fused to permit this idol to command us in
the words of the Deity, 'I am thy Lord, thy
God; thou shalt have no other gods before
me.' \Ve have ■ declared that hence
forth both gold and silver shall rule equal
sovereigns in the world of finance. This
is not a resolution. It is a restoration. It
determines not tbat gold shall be despoiled
of any of her just" powers, but only that
silver shall 'have herown again." [Cheers.]
Signs of impatience at the length of Mr.
Kernau's address interrupted him, to
which be replied: "I note with pleasure
that I am receiving the respectful atten
tion of those on this floor and lor the jeers
of the gallery I care no more than for the
jeers of the Republicans."
Mr. Kernan was so long before he
named whom he was supporting that loud
cries of "'Who is it?" were raised and a
great uproar prevailed. He finally named
Mr. Bryan and sat down.
Senator David Tnrpie of Indiana rose to
nominate Governor Matthews of that
State, but was so indistinctly heard that
cries ol "louder" were raised, and the
chairman explained that the Senator's
voice was weak and asted indulgence. He
spoke Its follows:
Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: Tiie choice of a candidate for the Presi
dency by the National Democratic Convention,
of one who is to be the Chief Magistrate of this
country for the next official term, of a suc
cessor to the many illustrious statesmen of our
political faith who have served in that exalted
position, »o easily becomes the subject of
glowing zeal and fancy, that the act and duty
of selection are prone to be obscured by the
glamor of the theme. Yet we ought to realize
that the result is a plain question of arith
metic, depending upon a simple count of
numbers, and that for many other reasons our
action herein should be determined only by
the most rigid scrutiny, and by the most care
ful calculation.
We ask. then, as practical men where should
this nomination be placed? Indiana has long
been known as the arena of the most severe
and closely fought political contests. It is a
member of the great Democratic phalanx of
the North, including New York, New Jersey
and Connecticut, but strangely isolated it has
stood alone. Upon the east and west and
upon the north we have ordinarily hostile
borders of intense spirit and activity, and
even upon the south the migration to us across
the waters of the Ohio, which occurs regularly
In the Presidential year, is usually of such
complexion as only to give aid and comfort to
the enemy. In a State so nearly balanced that
for years there has not been, in a Presidential
election, a mfijority either way of 10,000 in a
total vote oi 400,000 or 500,000, the condi
tions require that our Democracy stand always
embattled, whether awaiting victory or de
feat, always prepared.
We submit to the delegations from the great
States of Tennessee, of Georgia, of Mississippi
and others more centrally situated as to their
political life and progress what would you
give, what would you not give, to make this
State as certain as y«ur own? How and when
shall you help us to send yon the message in
November next of victory? This is the place,
the time isnow to write that message. You can
write that 'message to-day ready for transmis
sion if your favor shall make the man of our
choice the nominee of this convention. Sur
vey the field, examine Its various positions,
throw the searchlight of inspection upon the
status of the different candidates, you will find
that Indiana is the strategic point and pivot
I of this conflict. The prestige, the power, the
honor of this nomination are great, but not
too great to be used as a means of assured suc
cess.
Let us not be misled by the fervid predica
tions of overconndence, by the contagious and
stirring enthusiasm of the passing hour. Re
member, gentlemen, that the returns of the
election are not yet received, they will not be
gin to arrive until many months hence. We
must overcome ah enemy strong fortressed
against attack, re-enforced by influence,to-day
unmanned, unknown, flashed with the shout
of recent triumph. We may make an error
which shall cost us the whole stake, an error
Irretrievable. The opportunity for success is
here, but also that of defeat. Let every man
so act that he may not have to «ay hereafter,
"Ah, I had not thought of that," as has been
done more than once before. We may court
defeat and disaster, as a lover wooes his bride,
by failing to put the right man in the right
place. Let us then consult reason. Let us
calmly weigh probabilities and compute the
chances at such a ratio as shall include and
i cover all contingencies. Let us dispose of the
aid of their prestige of nomination where it
will be most highly appreciated, where it will
be most effective, where it is most needed and
where it must win.
Our candidate had the good fortune to be
born in one of the old Kentucky homes, as
near to mansions in the skies as any habita
tions on this planet. He was educated and
graduated at Center College, Danville, in its
palmiest days of yore, from the doors of which
came McCreary, Vest, Blackburn, Stevenson
and others.-men of National distinction and
renown. He belongs by birth and lineage to
the South. The South has no worthier or more
noble son. He married early in life the daugh
ter of one well known in the history of our
State, Governor and Senator Whitcoiab. He
commenced life as a farmer in one of the most
fertile sections of the valley of the Wabash.
Prosperity, well pleased and justly earned, has
waited upon his footsteps. Protection he
needed not, save that of his pure heart and
stalwart arm. He is now and always has been
a farmer. He has walked for years in the fur
row ; ho has stepped off the "lands" ; he is not
only a hearer but a doei of the word.
He that by the plow would thrive
Himself mast either hold or drive.
Our candidate belongs to the largest, the
most ancient and honorable business associa
tion of the world. Much is now said about the
business and the business interests of this
country. The business of a country is that
vocation in which the larger number of Us
inhabitants are engaged. Agriculture in the
United States employs a greater number of
workmen than any other calling:— hardly less
thin that of all others combined. We ask the
delegates of this convention deliberately to
consider whether it may not be well worth the
while to make a choice ol one who is in the
Closest natural alliance with this most nu
merous and influential body of our fellow
citizens—one who has been all his life a mem
ber of this grand confraternity of the field and
farm.
Ii is fifty-five years since a farmer appeared
at the east front of the Capitol to take tne oath
as President upon inauguration day. The in
auguration and service of Indiana's choice
would be a reminder of the earlier— the ideal
days of this Republic, when, as tradition re
lates, Jefferson left his farm at Monticello,
traveled on horseback to the seat of govern
ment without ceremony, took the constitu
tional obligation and was inducted into office.
Our candidate is and has been from his
youth up to this hour, aiter the strai test sect
of our political school, a Democrat— an intel
ligent, able, earnest and most dilipent worker
in the cause. His flm public service was that
of a member of the General Assembly, to
which he had been chosen by his friends and
neighbors in and near the county of his resi
dence. In 1890 he was elected Secretary of
State of the State of Indiana. After a very
exciting and laborious canvass, in 1892 he was
chosen Governor of Indiana, the office he now
holds, and in which he has shown those rare
qualities of wise administration, executive
skill and genius and unwearied and conscien
tious discharge of duty in such manner as to
have challenged alike the admiration and ap- I
proval of men of ail parties in our common- j
wealth.
In this friena of ours, for whom not for his j
saKe but for our own we solicit your favor and j
support, you will find the best attainments of |
the scholar and statesman fitly joined to- !
greiher and a most intimate acquaintance with j
the wants and interests of the many upon
whose suffrages the success of these must de- I
pend. The person whose name we shall pre- j
sent here has never been beaten in a popular
election in his own State. Our State, the State
which by every sort of accent and emphasis is
pushed at this juncture to the front, where the
men in the gap of this great controversy
abide— this State which danger haunts, which
doubt has known and marked; this State we
oiler while we ask the man. He whose name
we shall announce for your consideration
comes not as a guest or a sojourner to this
great National council. He comes as a mem
ber aud inmate of the family to his house and
home, wherein he has gained the right of
domicile by lifelong fealty to the cause of
American Democracy.
Upon the issue of the tariff, of Federal elec
tion laws, of the liberty of the citizen, of the
disposition of the public domain to actual set
tlors only, in opposition to all subsidies to pri
vate corporations, in favor of the rights and
privileges of organized labor, and of still lur
ther legislation toward that beneficent end,
our candidate has stood with us and for us
through many years of heated quarrel and de
bate, and upon that question now so conspicu
ous his opinions have long been known and
have often, both in his own State and else
where, be^n the subject of the most public and
most explicit declaration.
Our candidate believes in the immediate
restoration oi silver to the full franchise of the
mint; that the stamierd silver dollars should
be coined without restriction at the same ratio
of 16 to 1 as was formerly by law established,
and when so coined that it shall be a legal ten
der for all debt.
ne is not in favor of awaiting the action of
European nations upon this subject, and per
ceives no reason for deferring or postponing
the remonetization of silver to suit the con
venience, assent or agreement of other Gov
ernments. Ardently sympathizing with the
Republic of Cuba, he is strongly attached to
the doctrine of Monroe. An American in every
fiber, he would resist foreign aggression in
any form. He heartily denounces as un-
American the Republican platform adopted
not lon* since at St. Louis which would
maintain, and continue in this country, tnat
alien rule of foreign policy, the English single
standard of gold, and which purposes at this
time to reduce the Government and the people
of the United States, financially, to their
ancient condition as a colonial possession to
the British crown. He thinks the freedom and
independence of the mint and coinage of the
United States are as necessary to our National
prosperity as any other of our liberties— these
rights once ours now lost, from whatever
causes, must and shall be regained.
Thus the State, the man and the cause
merged at last into one, appeal to your wis
dom, to your serious judgment, to your most
discreet discernment.
And i now, therefore, in pursuance of the
instructions of the united Democracy of our
State expressed in convention, and of the
unanimous action of the delegates here pres
ent, do in all confidence place in nomination
as a candidate for the Presidency the name of
Claude Matthews of Indiana.
While the Senator was making his re
marks there was a constant passage of
people to and fro along the aisles, whistles,
catcalls from the galleries and great con
fusion. A voice in the north gallery
shouted, "I nominate Cleveland," and
cheers for Cleveland were called for and
given. The Senator resumed undismayed
tnough his voice was inaudible ten feet
away from where he stood.
Finally, however, the disorder became
so great that Mr. Turpie appealed to the
chair and sufficient silence was secured to
enable him to nominate Matthews, and
there was a slight demonstration of ap
plause, which was confined to the Indiana
delegation.
Hon. Oscar Trippett of California was
next presented to second the nomination
of Governor Matthews. He said:
Gentlemen of the Convention: California
is the greatest producing State in the
Union, but notwithstanding this and the ad
vantage she would gain by reason of a singla
gold standard she is not jealous of her silver
producing sister States, and joins with the de
mand of the people for a free and unlimited
coinnge of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. In
recognition of the wishes of her people the
Republican party of that State sent to the st.
Louis convention a delegation instructed in
favor of the free and unlimited coinage of
silver. That delegation returned to their
homes in defeat and disgrace, wearing the
gold badges dictated by Wall street and the
money sharks of Europe.
The Democracy of California recently as
sembled in the largest and most enthusiastic
convention ever held within the State, and
that convention also unanimously instructed
its delegaies to this convention to vote as a
unit for the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver at the ratio of 16 to 1. The delegates to
this convention will return to their homes
'• -■'■ 1 . ■-• y- ■ ■ •:■■-' i NEW TO-DAY. '
Or None 0
There are cheap Prince
Albert Suits — at the retail-
ers'. They are cheap in
price, like ours. They are I
also cjieap in quality of fab-
ric and workmanship and
NOT like ours.
Ours stand on the same nf%A||f|i :^__
plank of the same platform if X I I l^il IM BROS. & CcT
with the merchant tailors' • .'■ : . ' .- "■; •
#/ir> tr\ Quite "Wholesale Manufacturers
f.4°, t0 $°5 Ult ; S • , Profs. Oregon C>;- Woolen Mills
That we can sell them at Fine Clothing
$18 tO $30 is not SO SUrpris- For Man, Boy or Child r
-.v •-,;-.: 'tr :.-•.;..■. r RETAILED '
ing as it looks. A . „„ , ■■.. ' , =
on, .., , At Wholesale Prices
The ta.lor charges 50 per , 21 - 123 SANSOME STREET,
cent more an he . must ; Bet. Bush and pin* sts.
and he MUST charge 50 per +^J^- BLUE-SIGNS
cent more than WE to come * Eg
out at the right end of the
And so he doubles our
Pique Clay Worsteds in
blue and black. bfi
Vicunas in black and gray. El
Prince |
ALBERTS B
flushed with victory to receive the plaudits oi
the people.
At St. Louis was heard the voice of Wall
street, at which England rejoices. To-day la
heard the voice of the people of America and
John Bull will groan. How often have we
heard from the Republican platform the de
nunciation of the Democratic party for a fan
cied alliance with England, and now this
same party, with a singular inconsistency, has
joined heart and soul with England against
the Democrats of a suffering people.
This convention having adopted a platform
which declares in favor of the honest money
of our forefathers, the delegation of theEmpiro
State of the Pacific Coast desires the nomina
tion by this convention of a man in harmony
with the principles announced. This great
State extends her hand toward the Atlantis
seaboard and asks to be met half way, and
that a Western man be selected ac thonomineo
of this convention. Without wishing to say
aught in disparagement of other gentlemen
whose names have been presented to this con
vention, I take great pleasure in seconding tile
nomination of Governor Matthews of Indiana.
This is a convention of the people, and what
is more proper for this convention to do than
to select as its standard-bearer a man who
springs from that great class of American
people— the farmers of the United States? Like
a Cincinnatus, he was called from the plow to
preside over the destinies of the great State ot
Indiana, and so fully has he met every expec
tation that be has sprung into National promi
nence and respect more rapidly than any man
of his generation. I think with the delegates
coming here from the Pacific Slope that if this*
convention will nominate this distinguished
citizen of the great Middle West he will lead"
to victory the Democratic cohorts in Novem
ber.
Z After 10:30, soon after Mr. Trippett
took the platform, the uproar was so greafe
that a delegate from Indiana suggested an
adjournment.
An attempt was made to restore order
and the sergeant-at-arms, who is quite a
character in his way and who delights mi
making speeches from the stand, addressed
the audience, saying:
"Ladies and gentlemen, I want yonr
attention for a few moments. I want to
say that the chairman of this convention'
desires that I shall announce to
you tnat unless there is perfect*,
order [jeers] the convention to- mor*
row will be held without any guests.
The delegations will be protected by the
police and the audience will not be per«
nutted to come into the hall. Now keep
order." [Shouts of laughter.] v
The chairman added to the speech of
the sergeant-at-arms that no one would
be admitted to the hall to-morrow except
delegates and alternates. [Derisive
shouts of "good."] "Order," the chair
man commanded, and he lectured the
spectators, reminding them that they
were the guests of the convention and
should keep quiet so that the business of
the convention might be transacted
quietly.
Mr. Martin of Kansas indulged in some
playful ridicule of the vain efforts of the
chairman and sergeant-at-arms to main
tain order, and staid that if the same dis
respect which was shown to Senator Tnr
pie was repeated toward other speakers be
would move to adjourn the convention
until to-morrow when it would be seen
whether officers could protect the con
vention.
Hon. Fred White of lowa was recognized
to nominate ex-Governor Boies. Cheers
of a comparatively mild type greeted the
announcement and the Boies banner was
raised, air. White has a sonorous voice
and a good delivery and was listened to
with attention. He said :
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: I am authorized by the Democracy of
lowa to present to this convention for the
romination for the high office of President the
name of Horace Boies of our State. I want to
assure this convention in advance that this is
not the result of any question of mere local
pride, nor is it the result of any consideration
of the question of mere availability. We ask
you to nominate the candidate of our choice
upon far broader grounds— upon the broad
ground that Horace Boies is emphatically a
broad man. Those of us who know him best
do not hesitate either here or elsewhere to de
clare with all the confidence that a thorough
knowledge of the truth can inspire that he is a
man of the stanchest character, possessing a
powerful personality and equipped with a
combination of mental qualities that will
make him, if elected, an ideal executive.
Knowing as we all do that the political
situation of the country is a grave and omin
ous one, this convention must not ignore or
evade the responsibility this situation creates,
which is to give to the American people a can
didate the mention of whose name, wherever
known, will carry with it an overwhelming
strength and stand in case of election as an
unqualified guarantee for the entire safety In
the management of all public affairs, the just
settlement of every pressing question and the
speedy inauguration of a vigorous reign of ex
act justice.
Neither in formulating a policy nor in tha
34
execution of the same, nor yet in presenting
an argument upon 1 the merits or demerits of
any public question, has Governor Boies ever
striven in the least degree to create a sensa
tion. To his everlasting honor, it must be said
tnat in the doing of these things ho has never
fayed to make a deep impression. This is the
ideal test by which the capacity of a public
man should be judged; * this- is the high
standard by which a statesman's reliability and
usefulness should be ascertained and deter
mined! If you select Governor Boies as your
candidate and the people ratify your decision
in November, we can promise you no pyro
technic display from the White House during
his administration; there will bo no rockets
Bent up, the explosion of which will frijrhten
the timorous or furnish a subject for foolish
talk for the superficial; there will be no sensa
tional performances upon the political trapez-3
at the executive mansion while Horace
Boies is it* occupant; he will write you
no startling message upon excitable nubile
topics; we promise you none of these perform
ances; but I tell you what we can and do
promise yon, and that is the inauguration and
faithful execution of a policy that will com
mend itself to every philosophic mind and be
applauded by every sincere patriot; a policy
that will be characterized throughout by the
invigorating force of hard common-sense and
be all aglow with the everlasting sunshine of
noble intentions; a policy the primary object
of which will be, not the creation of oppor
tunities for the unnatural increase of the al
ready excessive fortunes of an avaricious class,
but the strict maintenance of the natural and
constitutional rights of every citizen care
fully, including that great body of our popula
tion, the laboring classes— the people who
produce our National wealth, who never tire
of their devotion to the constitution, who
never desert their country's cause at any stage
of any peril, who are always true and steadfast
even in the very midst of an overwhelming
crisis, who furnish the volunteer soldier and
sailor in time of war and earn the wherewith
to pay the cost of war when it is over; the peo
ple who are the very mainstay of free govern
ment—to secure to these a larger share of the
fruits of their labor, to secure to them im
partial justice, will be one of the cardinal
principles fully developed in the policy of the
Boies administration.
To secure to him who earns a dollar the dol
lar he earns is a task that will be vigorously
exacted of the statesmanship of the future.
That type of statesmanship which so persist
ently ana successfully plotted to pilfer from
the industrious that the idle may thrive will
be given its death-blow next November if you
men here are wise in your councils and provide
the opportunity for the people to strike the
blow.
Horace Boles was born in New' York State
and came to lowa in his early manhood. He
came not as an adventurer, but with the fixed
purpose of building up a permanent home,
which he did at the town of Waterloo. While
he thus voluntarily and resolutely incurred
all the inconveniences of a practically frontier
life, the result is that in his maturer years the
people of his State have loaded him down with
the richest honors and rewards It is in their
power to bestow, and he is to-day an insep
arable and the most conspicuous part of the
phenomenal history of our State. Let me beg
of this convention the privilege to give you just
one glimpse of lowa history. As to the ques
tion of lowa being a great State, concerning
the capacity of her soil to produce uniformly
abundant crops, I will not deal. It is enough
to say that the diploma awarded to lowa by
the management of the Columbian Exposition
is the official declaration which secures to us
what had been before conceded by all, viz. :
the crowning glory of a standing at the head
of the long column of the agricultural States
of this Nation. Neither drouth nor flood have
ever been powerful enough in lowa to consti
tute what in other localities is a natural calam
ity. I have raised fifty bushels of solid corn
per acre, upon wnicb not one drop of rain fell
from the time it came up until the ear was
fully grown. There is perhaps not another
spot in this wide world where such a
thing is possible. But while we are
easily supreme In the cornfield, lowa
Democrats have had a hard row to hoe |
in politics. The torments inflicted by the j
seven plagues of Egypt must have been a solid ;
chunk of comtort compared to the treatment
accorded lowa Democrats by the sixty, seventy
and eighty thousand uninterrupted Republi
can majority which for more than a genera
tion delighted in making an annual -picnic out
of election day. and'- just for the fun of the
miner trampled the lowa Democracy bodily
into the earth. This huge army of Republican
voters was dominated by the spirit of an inex
plicable fanaticism, and the more we combat
ed this spirit the fiercer it grew. Naturally ;
Democrats became disheartened and scarce. •
When this Republican recklessness was near
ing the culminating point, when through i
sumptuary legislation every fundamental j
guarantee of personal liberty was endangered, i
when acts which throughout the civilized j
world are regarded as natural and treated as
lawful were in our State defined as crimes and '
compared to capital offenses, when the consti- j
tutional protection of trial by jury, which for j
centuries has been esteemed as the very cli
max of all the glory of our Anglo-Saxon civ- ;
ilization.when this was about to be eliminated
from our judicial system and the method of
cold, barbarous Russia was to be substituted,
In fact, when the whole machinery of local
self-government, the greatest of all the Demo
cratic principles, the principle of home rule,
■was about to be swept out of existence; when
every lover of freedom was on the point of de
spairing, when theie was no Democratic
leader anywhere . in- ■ sight wise and
bold enough to face the crisis, there
was heard the voice of one as speaking in the
wilderness; it was the magic voice of Horace
Boies summoning disneartened men to heroic
fiction. He it was who leaped boldly to the
very front and alone defied the seemingly irre
sistible power of an exultant foe, a foe that
had never been chastened by defeat. He ac
complished what all men united in declaring
the impossible, for in the two contests which
followed, which in many respects have no
parallel- in the history of American politics,
Horace Boies came off victor, and thus did he
forever avert the danger of having a veritable
despotism planted upon the fruitful soil of a
free State. A soldier can show his courage
only in battle; a sailor his fearlessness only
while a storm is raging: the firemen in your
great city can only exhibit that sublime type
Of heroism which we all so much admire dur
ing the time of an actual conflagration, when
property is to be saved and imperiled lives are
to be rescued; so a statesman can only show
his real capacity, can only demonstrate the
full measure of his wisdom and power during
a crisis. It is only during an actual crisis that
the higher qualities of statesmanship can be
developed and tested. That Horace Boies pos
sesses this rarest of all human capacities—
power to rise equal and superior to a crisisand
control it— is attested by this history of 'our
State and concurrent testimony of i political
friend and foe. This is the man who stands
before the American people, equipped with
these supreme qualifications, that wo ask this
convention to nominate.
. Upon the overshadowing issue of this cam
paign Governor Boies stands upon, an invul
nerable platform— the constitution of his coun
try—inasmuch as the constitution, in defining
what the States shall use as "legal tender in
payment of debts," designates not gold or
silver, but gold and silver. Governor , Boles
believes that the bimetallic system thus pro
videdfor in the fundamental law of the land
is the system the Democratic party must in
dorse and uphold. He believes that so long as
the constitution remains unchanged Con
gress has no power to demonetize either metal.
Hence, in common with the great mass of the
American people, he believes the demonetiza
tion : oi ■ silver was not an ordinary political
blurder but an actual crime, and he. can con- i
ceive of no condition which can possibly arise
that will justify the Democratic party in justi
fying that crime or in helping to perpetuate
its direful results.
Governor Boies does not believe in a dis
honest 50-cent dollar, as it would work an in
jury to the creditor class, neither does he be
lieve In a 200-cent dollar, which is still more
dishonest, as it unquestionably involves tno
Dankrupt debtor class. Governor Boies be-
Hoves in an honest American \ dollar author
ised not by th British Parliament but by a
law of the American Congress arid coined for
Use among the American people." He believes
in a gold dollar of 22.2 grain of gold and a.
kilver dollar just sixteen times heavier.
T Having rebelled against British insolence
over a century ago, winning the fight when a,
mere weakling, haying now developed' into .'
the strongest people on earth, clearly entitling'
a « to the \ep.dership among the nations, Gov
ernor Boles believes It would be not merely a
pitiable cowardice on our part, but actual
treason to the people, should be now capitulate
to English greed.
The finßer of a kind fete points to the elec
tion of Horace Boies. History geoms to be
anxious to repeat itself. Give us the man from
Waterloo and allies will flock to his standard
which will destroy Mark Hanna's Napoleon
| No. 2 as effectually as the European allies de
stroyed tne French Napoleon No. 1.
A Boies demonstration was started by
the lowa delegation, but no progress was
made until two young women' dressed in
white in the south gallery stood up and,
j wildly waving their arms, begun shrieking
| for lowa's Governor. Somebody handed
i one of them a couple of flairs, and by this
j time the attention of the whole convention
was directed toward them and everybody
faced that way.
The Boies banner was banded to them
and between them they managed to wave
it a few times and then sank back in their
j seats exhausted. After a brief rest one of
them rose aeain and was escorted to the
floor, everybody standing on chairs to see
the sight and cheering and laughing as
| the enthusiastic lady, escorted by some
male friend with his arm around her
waist, danced all around the hall. The
name of the author of this extraordinary
demonstration was stated to be Miss Min
nie Murray of Nashua, lowa. She in
formed a reporter of the United Press that
she was only 22 years old. It was fifteen
minutes after 11 o'clock when this scene
collapsed and the fair lowan and her
escort settled down in seats tendered them
among the lowa delegation.
The extraordinary episode occupied
nearly half an hour.
As soon as some slight degree of order
was re-established the nomination of Mr.
Boies was seconded by Mr. A. T. Smith of
Minnesota, who characterized the candi
date as "the grand old commoner of the
Hawkeye State." If it had not been for
Horace Boies, said Mr. Smith, there would
be no silver majority in the convention to
day. Michigan had just been carried for
the gold standard, when, all at once,
Horace Boies threw down the gag* of
battle to the federal officeholders, and the
result was that the prairies were on fire
and that thirty-six delegates were elected
to the convention to vote for free silver
and Horace Boies. That was the crucial
point of the battle. The cause of silver
was then won.
Hon. John S. Rea, with a voice almost
as resonant and very closely resembling
that of the Senator he nominated, placed
in nomination the name of Senator Joseph
C. S. Blackburn of Kentucky. He pre
faced his remarks with the pledge t at
whoever was nominated Kentucky would
give him her vote. He spoke of his can
didate as "Joe" Blackburn, because to
Kentuckians he was "Joe" Blackburn,
and thac meant everything. fCheers.] It
was true that he was from the South and
had been a Confederate soldier, but his
candidacy was not a sectional one.
[Cheers.]
The candidacy of Blackburn appealed
to the whole Union of States, and if nomi
nated and elected he would be no sectional
President. His whole public career, cov
ering a third of a century, had been a life
long expression of his sympathy with labor.
He had shown himself the peer of the
ablest men in Congress. His voice had
been heard in forty-five States in advocacy
of Democratic principles. He was modest,
yet not wanting in that finer ambition
which made men pure; his honor impreg
nable and his simplicity sublime. He
aaded that i; it were the will of this con
vention that Mr. Blackburn should remain
in his present field of service his voice
would be raised in behalf of any other can
didate that may be named.
W. W. Foote of California, in seconding
the nomination of Mr. Blackburn, added
to the recent incident by' saying that his
candidate was not being "paraded round
here by any Joan of Ark." This was
greeted with laughter. He briefly but
forcibly eulogized Mr. Blackburn's char
acter and services, and his remarks were
well received.
When Massachusetts was called the
chairman of the delegation said Massa
chusetts had intended to present the
name of Governor Russell, but Mr. Rus
sell declined to run on the platform
adoptfd.
Paul Jones of Arkansas also seconded
the nomination of Mr. Bland, who, he
said, was no new convert to or experiment
in Democracy. He had fought the battles
of the party for twenty-two years, under
the terrible blaze of a political search
light, and no spot had been found upon
his escutcheon; no flaw in his armor. He
was the logical candidate on the great
issue that now confronts the American
people and which issue would be settled
in November.
The call of States being resumed, New
Jersey declared through her chairman,
Allen McDermott, that she desired to
name no candidate on the platform of the
convention. New York, through Senator
Hill, said she had no candidate, and cries
of "Hill !" were raised.
Mr. Patrick of Ohio, when (be name of
his State was called, put in nomination
John R. McLean of Cincinnati and said:
"I shall pass no extravagant eulogy on
the man. His whole life epeaks for itself.
He is honest; he is capable; he is a Demo
crat. He is the son of a sire who did more
to mold the Democracy of Ohio into
triumph than any man in the State. I
have heard eulogies on the favorite sons
named here to-night. Some of them
might carry Ohio against. William Mc-
Kinley. but, by the eternal God, John R.
McLean will carry Ohio against William
McKiuley. (Cheers.) If you nominate
John R. McLean I promise you that Ohio
will be the Waterloo ol McKinley. From
the very beginning of this great war
of the millionaires against the millions;
of the classes against the masses, John R.
McLean's thought and soul has been with
the people. He was the bravest soldier,
the noblest pioneer, in the cause of free
silver when that cause had few friends.
His preat journal, filled with arguments
in favor of the people, was scattered every
day in the year, falling as silently as snow
flakes into the laps of the people of twenty
States, and that great organ did more to
educate the people and to develop the
growth of bimetallism and free silver than
any one influence west of the Allegheny
Mountains. Delegates, we hand over the
claim of John R. McLean into your hands
and into your hearts, relying on the in
tegrity and gratitude of the great Demo
cratic masses." [Cheers.]
Chairman Harrity of Pennsylvania.when
his State was called, said Pennsylvania
had no candidate at this time, but when
the roll of States was called for the pur
pose of ascertaining their preferences for
candidates Pennsylvania would express
her wishes on the subject.
John H. Bankead of Alabama, one of
the delegates who had relieved Congress
! man Richardson as temporary chairman,
I introduced the next speaker, Hon. Joseph
:W. Bailey of Texas. Mr. Bailey was
warmly applauded on taking the stand.
He said :
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: For the first time iince the close of our un
happy Civil War a large majority of those who
vote in the coming Presidential oonten will
be governed in the casting of their ballots by
their convictions upon a great economic ques
tion. This convention has a (ready adopted a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
platform which announces with admirable
force and clearness the position of the Demo
cratic party upon that question, and it is our
duty now to complete ourwork by nominating
a man whose words and deeds are better tban
a written pledge that he will faithfully per
form the promise which our platform makes.
Who shall this man be ?
If I should ask this audience or if I should
ask any audience assembled on the American
continent and under the American flag what
Democrat among the many splendid leaders of
our party best represents the issue which we
have made and which must be decided at the
polls on the 3d of next November you and
every other audience wouid answer with the
name of Richard Bland, and, gentlemen of the
convention, he not only typifies the paramount
issue In the coming election, but he has been a
fearless and consistent advocate of all of those
immortal principles of Democracy which our
fathers cherished and defended. Those who
doubt the wisdom of his nomination some
times venture to express the fear that he is
not great enough to be our President. To
them I say: Inspect his record. For twenty
two years he sit in the Federal House of Rep
resentatives, aud during, that time he voted
right as often and he voted wrong as seldom as
any man who ever occupied a similar station
for an equal length ol time.
No ordinary man can safely pass this ex
treme and crucial test, and the intelligent
voters of this land are willing to believe any
man who is wise euough always to be right is
wise enough to be the Chief Magistrate of this
Republic.
And still better than his unerring common
sense is his unyielding honesty. In his person
he unites the highest qualities of an ideal can
didate. He is so patriotic that he has always
put the love of country above the love of self,
and second only to the fear of Qod. He is so
honest that no tainted dollar ever touched his
hands; he is so brave that a legion of his coun
try's enemies could not drive him to betray a
trust, and his nomination will proclaim to the
millions who are proud to own their allegiance
to Democracy that the public good is again to
be exalted above private greed.
The nomination of Mr. Bland would reassure
the doubters, recall the Democratic wanderers
and inspire the masses with hopeful couratce.
Nominate him, and in every home, whether
palace or cabin, it will be told how a great and
luccessiul party has crowned with highest
honor a private citizen because he has teen
true to bin own conscience aud loyal to the
best interests of his countrymen. But gentle
men of the convention, whether your choice
will be Bland or Boies, Matthews or McLean,
or Kentucky's gifted son, the imperial com
monwealth of Texas, with her mure than
100,000 majority, will take her place M the
head ot the victorious Democratic column.
Hon. Joseph Rawlins of Utah briefly
seconded the nomination of Bland.
Virginia being called in the roll of
States, the chairman stated that they had
been instructed to present the name of
Hon. John W. Daniel, but at his earnest
request and insistence did not do so.
The nomination of Mr. Blackburn was
also seconded by J. W. St. Clair, who said
that though they loved Bland and revered
Boies and honored McLean and Matthews,
Blackburn was grander than them all.
[Cheers.] Blackburn had carried Ken
tucky, Cleveland and Carlisle to the con
trary notwithstanding. Blackburn had
been a Confederate soldier, but the people
of the South had paid tneir share of Fed
eral taxes and helped to pay the pensions
of Union soldiers.
"Let that issue, therefore," he said, "be
buried, and give us a Southern candidate
once more."
When the State of Wisconsin was called,
General Braeg, the picturesque old hero,
chairman of the delegation, rising on a
chair in his place, -aid: "Wisconsin can
not participate iv the nomination of any
man calling himself a Democrat upon a
Populist platform." [Cheers mingled with
hisses.]
One of the delegates from the State fol
lowed, saying that on rtie part of some of
the delegates from Wisconsin he desired
to second tne nomination of Joseph Black
burn of Kentucky.
E. J. Dockery of Wisconsin then took
his place on the platform aad said:
"My vote is stifled in this convention by
an nn-Deraocratic unit rule, and I am,
therefore, prevented from having it re
corded in favor of that idol of the conven
tion, William J. Bryan of Nebraska, who
ought to be nominated; but I desire to
say, gentlemen of the convention,
that the people of the State
will give its electoral vote to the nominee
of this convention, whoever he may be, at
the election in November. [Cheers.] That
candidate will not receive the votes of the
men who are in this convention claiming
to represent the Democracy of Wisconsin,
but the people will register their will at
the ballot-box."
Amid much confusion General Bragg
again arose and claimed the attention of
the convention to say: "With your kind
permission we will send out and make
search for another straggler, and if we are
successful, Wisconsin may yet pledge its
support to another candidate." [Laughter
and hisses.]
At the close of the call of the roll of
States, the convention at 12:35 a. m., ad
journed until 10 a. M., when balloting will
be begun.
WEAKENED BY DELAY.
Had the Balloting Begun Last Night
Bryan Would Have Been
Nominated.
CHICAGO, 111., July 9.— After the
speech of William J. Bryan, which termi
nated in an ovation to the young orator, it
was conceded that had it been at a time in
the proceedings when he could have been
nominated he would have received the
Presidential billet by acclamation, but
after the adjournment the general ardor
cooled a little.
It had been arranged that George Fred
Williams, the lone gold delegate of Maa
sachusetts, was to nominate Bryan.
Bryan's speech had been bulletined all over
the Bouth, and there came telegram after
telegram from different Southern States to
their delegations to go for Bryan.
Georgia, which had been hitherto unde
cided, was one of many unanimous lor
him.
When he was at the evening session
brought out as a decided candidate, how
ever, other friends of Bryan in tne West
felt that his chances were possibly weak
ened. He ought to have remained, they
thought, in the background, doing as Gar
field did, till at the last when it was
believed the convention would break for
him.
This was the opinion of many of the
California delegation who were friendly to
h m, and are yet, and wtio, if Senator
White is not brought in, will gladly vote
for Bryan.
Banator White did not preside to-day,
but calied a substitute to his place and re
mained in the background.
The eyes were White, Church, Leake,
Wise, Metzger, Fitzgerald and Dr. Egaul
The noes were Foote, Coleman, Dozier,
Lane, Caminetti and Burke. The five who
did not vote, being absent, were Maguire,
Dwyer, Trippett and Darmony.
It is given out quietly to-night that when
it comes to voting on the different nomi
nees. New York, Massachusetts, New Jer
sey, Connecticut, Deleware. Rhode Island
and Pennsylvania will refuse utterly to
vote.
This will make the total number of
voting States foot up but a little over 400
votes. As the convention is woiking
unde- the rules of the fifty-third Congress
requiring a two-thlrdi majority, only 306
votes will be necessary to choice, and who
ever gets this will be nominated Presi
dent, C . M. Cos.
MISSING FROM
AGUA CALIENTE.
Flight of Private Willie
Long, Sentenced to
Death.
MOCK JUSTICE CHEATED
The Prisoner Believed His Doom
Had Been Sealed by a
Court-Martial.
CAMP MONTGOMERY TRIAL
Father O'Ryan's Eloquence Fails to
Save the Offending Young
Picket.
Camp Momtgoukbt, 1
League of the Cross Cadets, >
Aqua Cai.iente, Cal., July 9. )
Where is Willie Long to-night? That is
what Camp Montgomery was guessing at
sunset, tne time appointed by to-day's
The Kitchen at Camp Montgomery Where the Army Fare of th© League of the
Cross Cadets Is l repared.
court-martial for his execution. Willie is
wandering. He seems to have taken the
sentence of the court much more to heart
than was the intention or even the sus
picion of those who participated in the
mock trial or even of his closest friends,
or else he deliberately decided to steal a
march on the court-martial.
When last seen Private William Long
was makibg tracks down the hot and
dusty wagon road toward Sonoma at
about 5:40 o'clock. He was permitted the
freedom of the campground all day, and
in the afternoon went down to the swim
niinit hole in the creek.
Hugh Long, one of Willies brothers,
came up on the evening train, which gets
here about 7:30 o'clock, to help him.
Hush says he got the impression that
Willie was in jail up here for something
or other and he came up to see what he
could do to help him out. *
The court-martial called to try Private
Long for stabbing Cook Al Mattison
on the left eyebrow with a saber while
Mattison lay asleep in his tent on the
night of July 7, was called to order
at 9:30 o'tlock this morning in the
shade of a wide-spreading oak tree. It was
a burlesque, and the funniest thing that
has yet taken place in this camp of many
humorous incidents.
When Private Long was notified that
the court-martial was about to be held
and to appear, he wanted to know if be
CHARACTERS SEEN AT REVEILLE _ 5.50 A.n
Some of the Drawbacks of Army Life at Camp Montgomery, as Pictured by a
"Call" Artist.
should bring a rope to be hanged with.
Little Willie evidently suspected that he
would get the worst of it.
The officers detailed for the court-martial
assembled in full uniform, with sabers and
white gloves. Tney sat at a long table.
Overhead in the branches of the tre«3 the
cadets perched like squirrels in order to
get a better view of the proceedings, and
there was a crowd of spectators around
the table, including many visitors from
the neighboring springs. The day was a
pleasant one; in fact, the heat has given
waj to delightful coolness, and visitors to
the camp cannot complain of the weather
man.
Captain Frank S. Drady, president of the
court-martial, sat at one end of the table
and Rev. Father James A. McDonald,
judue advocate, at the other. The other
members were Captain Haggerty. Second
Lieutenant R. G. Drady, First Lieutenant
R. W. C. Hopper, First Lieutenant
Charles t\ Skelly, Second Lieutenant
Henry J. Power and Captain H. P. FH
gate. Corporal Benjamin McKinley,
cousin of William McKinley, Presidential
nominee, assisted the judge advocate in
the prosecution, and Father Philip
O'Ryan appeared for the defense. Appear
was abont all he did, as anything that
looked like a defense for Long was not
allowed to come into evidence if the presi
dent and court-martial could help it. It
was a sure thing from the start that
"Little Willie" would be convicted and
sentenced to some horrible fate. He sat
near his counsel, and a bucket of water
was brought and placed before him so that
he might arink his fill and keep lrom
fainting as the trying ordeal proceeded.
Private Long was brought into the awful
presence of the court-martial by a guard
of six men with drawn sabers. He wore
his own saber, but the court did not mind
a prisoner coming into court armed any
more than to order him stripped of his
arms.
The formal charge against Private Long
was attempt to murder, with malice in his
heart. Lone, while on picket duty, stabbed
the cook while he lay asleep with tils head
outside his tent, thinking he was a fugitive
trying to escape from the lines.
The woundea Mattison was fixea up for
appearance as a witness. He was ban
daged, and was carried in on a stretcher
by the hospital corps.
When asked if he objected to any mem
ber of the court-martial, Long objected to
Lieutenant Drady.
"Why." he was asked.
"Well, just this morning he said he
would hang me," replied Lonp, earnestly.
Whereat there were shrieks of laughter.
After deliberation, and hearings state
ment from Drady that the remark was
made in jest and not in earnest, the lieu
tenant was retained on the court.
Cook Mattison, who had been groaning
horribly, was lilted from the stretcher
and laid carefully on the table in the
midst of the members of the court. Here
Private Long stated tbat McKinley had
offered to defend him the evening tefore
if he would buy him a dish of icecream.
Then Father O'Ryan, counsel for Long,
shrieked bribery, but the ears of the court
were deaf.
The commotion iv the presence of a man
who was stated to be on the verge of gasp
ing his last became so unseemly that an
orderly brought President Drady a tent
stake maul with a head on it as large as a
watermelon and a handle four feet long,
with which to pound on the table and
preserve order.
In feeble tones Cook Mattison told the
story of the alleged murderous assault on
him while he lay asleep. The doctor stood
by with one hand on the prostrate cook's
pulse while the assistant changed the
cloth on his forehead and placed a bottle
of tonic to Mb lips. At the conclusion of
the testimony the cook went into a->vio
lent tit. and it required six men to prevent
him from squirming off the table. The
cook muttered that he was in a trance.
Long objected to the cook's "acting."
The prisoner was ordered removed from
the court lor tnis, and Mattison was e-ooii
borne out of sight on the stretcher.
"Hold up!" exclaimed Father Ryan, "I
want to cross-examine that man."
"He's in a trance," said Dr. Mulligan.
Father O'Ryan— Then 1 want this court
postpon d till be is able to be crose-ex
amined.
"Objection overruled," shouted the
president, bringing the big maul down on
the table with a terrible whack.
"This court is packed and gerryman
dered against this prisoner," vehemently
remonstrated the prisoner's coungel. "It
is a terrible thine to send a man into the
presence of bis Master. Think what you
are doing. This is a foul conspiracy."
For this Father O'Ryan was ordered
court-martialed himself, with the alterna
tive of buying icecream for the entire
camp.
At another time Father O'Ryan was
fined $5 for insisting on an objection which
the president and the maul had over
ruled*. Anything that the prisoner's coun
sel wanted to get before the court the presi
dent overruled.
Many witnesses were examined. Counsel
made th" closing statement, and it required
the court only as much time as it does to
write it to find "Little Willie" "guilty as
charged.' 1 The sentence was that he be
shot by the cannon at sunset. The
prisoner, with bowed head, was then led
slowiy away toward the guardhouse. Tne
judge advocate added that, in order to
majce suie be is shot, he should be tied
b hind the cannon. The cannon at Camp
MoniEomery is a small one, and experi-
ence shows it is likely to kick itself at one
discharge down to Sonoma.
But Willie Long was not executed to
night.
FATHER OF LIBERTY.
Rev. Arthur M. Clark to Lecture on
Behalf of League of the Cross
Cadets.
Rev. Arthur M. Clark, C.S.P., the dis
tinguished Paulist father, will deliver a
lecture for the benefit of the uniform fund
of Company D of the League of the Cross
Cadets at Metropolitan Hall Friday
evening, the 7th prox. His subject will
be "The Father of Modern Liberty."
Colonel James F. Smith, formerly of
the Third Infantry Regiment, N. G. U,
and past grand president of the YorJng
Men's Institute, will preside and deliver
an address. A short and very select pro
gramme of musical numbers will be pre
sented on the occasion. The colonel and
staff and the line officers of the regiment
in full uniform will act as vice-presidents.
Company D is located in Sacred Heart
Parish, but has never been fully equipped.
The purpose of the proposed* entertain
ment Is to raise a sufficient sum to prop
erly uniform the boys. The officers are
James J. Mctsricie, oaptain; I. D. Dwyer,
first lieutenant; and Harry McGurren,
second lieutenant
E*HJ»otV/Wt>VA» V7mr/r«A
MADRID. Spain, July 9.— Senor Mella,
Carlist, speaking in the Chamber of Depu
ties to-day declared that the Government
ought to be energetic in preparing for the
iuevitable conflict between the United
States and Spain, in which Spain would
prove uer virility and her greatness.
IN CAMP AT
GUERNEVILLE.
Second Regiment of the
Boys' Brigade on an
Outing.
DWELL IN THE FOREST.
Relief From the Turmoil of the
City Found Beneath Tail
Redwoods.
DISCIPLINED AS IN AN ARMY.
Thirty Members of the Woman's
Auxiliary Are Goddesses of the
Encampment
GUERNEVILLE, Cat,., July 9.-Nest
ling between the romantic hills of old
Sonoma County, Guerneville is an ideal
retreat for those who seek quiet and rest
and relief from the turmoil of city life.
Russian River ripples and splashes by, its
busy song an inspiration to relieve the
mind of thoughts of tropical weather; for
Old Sol occasionally displays his regard
for Guerneville by beaming upon the town
with unusual warmth.
Guernevilie has burned down several
times— wiped itself clean out of existence.
''Jest ketchea atire itself." said an old
lumberman; but each time the town resur
rected its If from the ashes— phcenix-like,
as the City newspaper correspondents
afterward described the erection of new
houses.
But down among the tall redwoods, in
the deep canyon which the river ditched
for itself in some remote rainy era. then
is delicious comfort. The great wooden
nheafs catch the sun rays in their foliage
and hold it there, while the cool shadows
softly fall below. There is no prettier
spot on earth than the green bank of Rus
sian River underthe redwood trees. In one
of the grandest of these dark nooks of forest
| about four miles down the river from
Guerneville, is cam.t>e.i the Second Regi
ment of the Boys' Brigade, under com
mand of Colonel E. J. Walker, after whom
the camp is named. The other officers of
the reKiraent present are as follows: Major
A. W. Taylor, Major L. CobbledecK, Cap
tain B. L. Weymuth, Captain W. N. Jen
tins, Captain L. T. Ward, Captain H S.
Morton, Captain and Adjutant H T Hob
■ <=on. Captain W. Yv. McNeil!, Lieutenant
J. L. Hawlt-y, Lieutenant G. B. Din- more
Lieutenant Paul Ferguason, Dr. Henry m!
line and Dr. J. j. Medros, surgeons.
About 125 of the boys are on the ground,
; accompanied by thirty members of the
i W omen a Auxiliary The young soldiers
I are subjected to strict military discipline
! when on post, and the cam pis patroled by
j the boy guards day and ninht. It is
amusing to e>ee a sentry about three feet
high hold up a big lumberman with his
i small rifle and make the Visitor salute the
| regimenial colors as he goes by.
In the fine grove it is "like pitching the
| tents in an arbor, and ti.e effect of the
| great trees standing among white canvas
is indeed pl«aaing. Tne boys have the
j beautiful river a short distance away for a
i bathtub, anu squads can be seen swim
j mini' every hour of the day.
The regiment has hardly got down to
; camp life yet; the novelty of being in the
j woods overcomes their military stiffness
■■ and they are inclined to be more boys than
; soldiers. Last night Company C tried to
! run the guard line for a starlight swim in
j the river. They got lost in tlie darkness
l ana eventually landed in the guard tent.
What troubles the little sentries most
I during the dark lonely hours is the bark
i ings of the coyotes in the forest, and when
; the yelping pack gets to howling near a
I post the brave young soldier retreats to
his tent and covers up in his bedquilt.
The camp mascot, the colonel's dog, how
ever, is a boid watchman and barks defi
ance to his second cousins, the coyotes,
when they come too near.
<*•«• e>N/rtr.Ua, ."*«»*»<*«?•*-«.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 9.—Post
masters commissioned for California-
Elizabeth Webster, at Garden Grove, and
Lizzie E. H. Beeoy at Putah.
• RAILROAD TRAVEL}
slfmcisco &iiil
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYB-7:SO, 8:00, 11:00 a.m.- 123*
8:30 6:10. 6:3 2 p. *• ThurBd.y A .-Ekt» iS
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip* at I:4s
6n^lo,\i2OßV :So> U:O0 *•*« I:3 °- 3:3 a
o:uu, o :.'u p. H.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50,-9:10 11 10 a. v •
'
Y s 7 pf,i. 9: ° 6> 11:1 *" "-■' I: ** *»
Between San t'nnetsco and Scnuetzea Park nm«
scoedula as above. : ■ ■ ■ omui*
i.f«ve In effect Arriv« '
Ban Francisco. ipril a, . Ban Francisco.
7:30 AM 7:30 am ! Nova 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 PM 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 tv
6:10 pm 5:00 M Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
" " I Fulton, • • • ■r ~ ~
7:30 ah j Windsor, 10:10 am
• i' I Healdsburg,
• Geyserville, ...
3:30 pm; 7:30 am ! Cloverdale. 7:30 pm C:l5 pm
___ , f ' . ..
7:30 am ! i Hopland & in 10 01
8:30 pmI 7:80 am . Ufclao. 7:30 fm| 8:16 Pit
7:30 am ~ '-■;.. . ■ .• • no 10 am
7:SoAM'Guerneville. 7:30 **"*"
3:3opm i I 6:15 pm
7:80 am 7:30 am. Sonoma j 10:40 am 8:40 am
> • and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm! Olen Ellen. | 6:05 pm I 8:15 pm
SJiSpMilioo'pM! [^^[loao am
Sta(?«-a connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Springs; at Geygerville for Skagts Springs^ at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for HWrniand
Spr.nm Kclseyvllle, Soda Bay and LakeDor^- at
llopliind for Lakeport ar.a Barf.it Springs*, at
: Uklah for Vicby Springs, Saratoga Spring. Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, per La" c. ml. Potter
■ \ alley. Jonn Day's, Rlverslrtp, Uerley's Buck.
Nells * h «' lrln "<"*»"»■ HullTiUe Boonev lie
Greenwood, Orr-s Hot Springs. Mendoclno city
Fort Bra**, W*gtport, Tj sa i. Wliiets. Canto, c£
1 Te i°' f i5 I ytonT l' ' U ar n 8 , Scotia and KnrekaT °*
tatT. to Jlonday round-trip tickets at reduced
i 70^'iCR^rnaK^ 8 " * Point, *■
Gen-Manacr. altfJL^k,
MTHPAnFIC COAST RAILROAD
- _ tVla Sausallto Ferry).
1 **om San Fraucisco. • on'!, nrino- 1
For Mill V „ WKKKiivs. *• *
6:15. »0:00. l-85» M*" *' 1:15> <> : -0. *:15»
lilSbi i "*■"• """"trip 1» uiauS
'For Points^THROUGH TRAINa
Is the light that will brine a great bfjs
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak oody can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hud van 13 to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old iamous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can it from nowhere
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials. L*
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable. f*ti '
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchmgs of th»
eyes and other part*. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It Is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imr>otency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
Weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan. .
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
■■TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor?-
producing R<-rms. Ttien conic sore throat, pimples.
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
falling na!r. You can save a trip to Hoi Springs
by writing for "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
or the ■
-HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
JROX BEDS.
C. , ■ "f"r*m BRASS BEDS.
f?"**" , 7 -^'' FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Mac-
tresses, Reo 1 1 nI n
, mm m chairs, Wheel Chair*.
T "flu Commodes, Back Rejti
111 1 ffTTTfJIf W> A. SCHROCK.
*•*!. '!■,,_ -*~ /I'llli New Montgomery
0 C?' , J St., under oraud
*^ Hotel. S. F.
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
BIG REDIITIOX I\ RITES BY RAIL
TO •
:e» o ttl ti-i yq^ixrxj. o:rt..
j^^£^jTTT • *Uv£^
SUN-AiT JULY 12
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 P. M. :£-*■:
AT (1 A— lnc uding Berth in Pullman Tour-
uO'UU istS.ecpcr. ■- ■
ALSO....
First-class tickets. including berth inQ"IA.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. 1$) L\J
SPECIAL notice.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
seiigeis a : intermediate stations, nor • will tickets
be sold or baggage checked to such points. .
t&~ Through Tickets for Pujfet Sound
Points on Sale at "educed t.ates.
• For furiher information apply at
613 MARKET STKKi-.T (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD OKAY, T. H. 800 DMA IT,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen Pitas. Agt.
SOITUKKX I*%< Ifrll C«.TJI»AKI.
(PACIFIC HVKTEM.t
Train* leave mid an «lu<> ><> arrive hI
KAN I'It AN4'IS< O.
ikatx .'■-.— From Jukb 7. 189 C. — Ann 1v»
•O:OOa Nile*. San Jo*o and Way Station*... . »: 45 a
> * ! !»2 A Atlantic Express; Og.len and 7::wt.. *•-».-.»
; j TrOOAUeaicla. Vaoatilie, Kan»;« B«ct* f {Jt
- '.• ■_ .. mento, Oroville and. Uodding via
Davis : S:4Sf
7sO9\ Martinez, San Kamon, Napa, Calls- •
. toga and Santa Ilosa 6:15r
■ :80a Nile*, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marjstillo and Red
BluO 4:1.1r
•8:30 a Peters and Miltou • »7:13p
OiOOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno. Santa
Barbara and l.iw Angeles 4:4.%»
«:00a. Martinez and Stockton • 11:45 a
O:OOa Vallejo ;.. 0:131-
-l:OOp Niles, San Joaeand LiTermore 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »O:OOp
tJ:SOp Port Costa and Way SUtions f?:43r
4:»0i- Martinez. Ban Ramon. Vatiejo.
Napa, Caltetoga, El Verano fane :
Santa Itosa . Ojl3a
«i«Op Beuicia, VacaTiUe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marjsvillt, '
OroriJle and .Sacramento I*s4Ba
4:38p Nile*, San Jose, Li encore and
Stockton ?slSr
. 4:3©r MejceJ, Btrendi, Raymond (for
Yasemitc) and Fresno 11:43 it
' OlMf New Orleans ICxpress. I'resno. Bakers
•leld. SaiiU liarbara,Tx>s Angoles,
iteming, El l'aao, New Orleans and
Sast .'. 10:13 a
Si9of Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
„ . for Mojave and East 1C:1.1a
stOOp Vallejo 11:43 a
6:0«» - l'.uropeau Ma'l, Ogclon and Kost.... 9:<i>A
OtOOp Harwards, Nllei mid San Jose... 7:-1»a
- t?sOOi> Vallejo ; . 47:43r
7:00r Oregou Express, Sacramento, Marys-
jllle. Redding, Portland, i'liifcfc
-__ ■ Sound and V.ast 10i4t>A
SAMA (;ltllZ i>tVls;(»N (.Narrow (Jangej.
J7i45A Santa Crux Excursion, Htnta Cruz
_..__ v and Principal Way Stations J8: 03 p
•llsA^e^rark,CellterTille,Sall.)ose,^elton •
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Wav -
Stations S:36r
•»:15p Newark, CentertUle, San Jose. "New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek, .
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5.....;.............. «lliaOA
|«sinp Newark. San .loso and l.os <;atos..l! «TU:3O<
COAST DIVISION (Tliinl A Townscwl SU.)
•6:43 a San Jose and Way Sutious (New ' i **
« •>« c -A-'P^en Wednesdays only) 9: 4 7 a
tT:3«4. Sunday Excursion for San Josiw
Santa Cruz. Pacific drove, and
. - - o Principal Way 5tati0n5 ........... 28<S9r
•:15a Sail Joso, Tres Piuos. Hunt* Cniz. >
*>acilic Grove Paso Robles, sic
Jans Olilapo, GuadalupeandPiin-
T:li«a Way Stations 7-O3p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations.... " fl:3op
IO:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations...:.. aoop
Ili3oa Palo Alto and Way Stations '. 3:30p
•«:3Oi- San Maten. Menlo Park. Han Jos* .
Gilroy, Tr«s Pinos, Santa Cms, :
... o Balina»,Monter«y PaciUcGroTe <LQ:4Oa
•3: »Op San Jose. Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *l-30P
•4t3op San Jose <uiil Way Stations *moGA
3:30p San Jose and Principal WayStatiou* •8:4»»a
0:UOr San Joso and Way Stations.. r. : :j.i.
tl:43i- San Joso an.l Way Stations t7<4»p
SAN LKAM»KO AMI HVVWAIU)«i LO«:AL. '
a-Sot • * 9:43 a
l».oot| Melro»,Se«I B ariP«k, '• }«:«*
*SJp Fitchbarir, Sau Lwndro . ****'
«* J i\\l' r
Siaop Birward,. *v>i
<:»Op \ ja.4>»,
«:OOp ,_, S-I^l
9:00p I » Runs through to NUejt. , 5:,2 \
Ul:l5pJ «gromNUea. -.-I TtlSt'ooi
.'■.■-.. CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
From SIS rTIiBCISCO-Poot of lUrket Street (Slip 8)—
: So ..iSS! •S?r£. U:o ° * 2:o ° t3:CI
?roaOiIUH»-FootofßmdMT.— -o-oo 8-01
J^*-JJ- t12:03 •1:03 $8:00 •3:00 tiicC
i „ - A. for Morning. por Afternoon.
Sundays ewepted. t Saturdays only
44 v ■ „ I Sundays only.
It Monday. Thnraday and Saturday nights only.
,7 imtunian «nil Sundays for S-inta <. rr.i
AND
Trains leave and arrive «■ [l|«§|p^rap=2|y
, SMTA FE EXPRESS. JS|||
To Chkago via A. & ~-^^^^^^S[
Leaves every day at 5 p. i.;.'«arr.nnj r-ullioaa
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, i»Uoderal>
Sni St^, TOUr !. st S'wptarSaifc.wUh clean™ nen
fh^n v, ln f, and «"^»r«of a porter, run dailr
ir^nVe^^^ui^"*" CUy ' Ana ~ C^
Persona ly con.iucted Boston Kicurslons via
Kansas Cr.v, fhicaao, Montreal and the Wul •
Mouaunslc.ve every Wednesday. - ".""•
lhe best railway from California to the East.
>ew rails, new ito 8 ; no dust; Interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dlntne-rooms." 7 "
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
_. Chronicle Building.
Telephone Main 1531. *
~ ■-.-■-.. - . - -SUN FRANCISCO
WINS THE PRIZE,
Next Endeavor Convention
to Be Held in This
City.
JOYOUS CALIFORNIANS.
Enthusiasm of the Delegates
Vented in Wild Demon
strations.
MODERATE RAILROAD BATES.
Fnnd of $25,000 Is Guaranteed by Citi
zens for the Entertainment of
Visitors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July B.—Not
withstanding the collapse of the big white
tent "Williston" at 1 o'clock this morn
ing, due to the heavy fall of rain last
night and the severe windstorm that fol
lowed, the Christian Endeavorers quietly
engaged Central Hall and the work of the
convention proceeded without delay. The
other tents, "Washington" and "En
deavor," were packed long before the hour
of opening. Flags of every description,
streamers, banners and sashes, announc
ing the various State and district organ
izations, were displayed with nourish and
enthusiasm.
Promptly at the appointed hour the ex
ercises began in each tent with Bon«s and
prayer, the great chorus of a thousand
voices leading. Then came the hymn of
welcome, written for this occasion by
Colonel John Hay. Tbe addresses of wel
come by Chairman W. H. H. Smith, Rev.
S. H. Greene and Commissioner John W.
Ross of Washington followed and the re
sponses to these by Dr. R. J. Service of
Detrsit, Bishop Walters of New Jersey
and Professor W. W. Andrews of New
Brunswick. The addresses of President
Clark and Secretary Baer were then read
simultaneously in each tent.
Both of the tents, each holding 10,000,
were crowded to-night when the conven
tion met, and as many more people were
turned back, unable to gain admittance.
There were business meetings in Central
Hall, Calvary Baptist Church, First Con
gregational Church, Foundry Methodist
Episcopal Church, First Presbyterian
Church and New York-avenue Presbyter
ian Church.
As on the night before, when meetings
were held in twenty-two churches, the
luditoriums were well filled. The topic at
ill the meetings to-nisbt was Christian
citizenship, and many ot the speakers
nade pointed allusions to the complex
political situation before the country.
Ex-Postmaster-General Wanarnaker pre
sided at the meeting in Tent Washington.
He was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd
tnat reached far beyond the limits of the |
canvas above him. Rev. Howard H. Rus
sell of Columbus, Ohio, speaking on Chris
tian politics and the saloon, delivered the
opening address. Rev. Dr. Robert S. Mc-
Arthur of the Calvary Baptist Church fol
lowed.
William L. Wilson presided at Tent En
deavor and William F. Slocum of Colorado
spoke.
At the Metropolitan Methodist Episco
pal Church President Clark presided and
the address was delivered by Rev. B. T.
Washington of Alabama.
At each meeting a certain time was
given to a discussion of the claims of San
Francisco as the seat of tbe next assembly,
and it was formally announced in connec
tion therewith that the trustees had made
a decision in favor of San Francisco. Tbe
Californians gave vent to their joy at this
news in wild demonstrations, flag waving
and hurrahing.
It is said a satisfactory rate, approach
ing $50 for the round trip from Chicago,
has been guaranteed by the San Francis
cans. The convention in going to Cali
fornia will stop off one Sunday in Salt
Lake City and returning will spend a Sun
day in Tacoma and Seattle.
Speeches were made at the churches to
night by Rev. H. L. Castle, Pittsburg;
Miss Jessie Ackman, Chicago; Rev. M. B.
Troxell, Springfield; Rev. William Rader
San Fraucisco; Rev. J. W. Field. Chicago;
Rev. J. T. McCreery, Pittsburg, and W. lv
Beard, Ohio.
A communication was read from Neal
Dow.
At the churches in the city sunrise
meetings were held this morning, that at
the Central Methodist Protestant Church,
headquarters of the Californians, being
led by Harry \V. McKee of San Francisco.
A big bicycle parade is one of the fea
tures of entertainment provided for Satur
day night. Hundreds of visitors have
brought wheels with them and will take
part in the denioustration.
Among those who spoke at the various
denomination meetings this evening were:
James Hosburgb Jr., Rev. William Rader
and Rolla V. Watt of San Francisco, and
C. S. Merritt of Oakland.
THE FUND IS PLEDGED.
Rolla V. Watt Notified at Wash
ington That the Guarantee
of $25,000 Is Assured.
The following self-explanatory telegram
was forwarded from this City yrsterday to
Rolla V. Watt, who is now in Washing
ton:
With only a portion of the business com
munity canvassed, we have subscriptions of
nearly $ 23,000. The committee pledges the
balance to make the guarantee of $25,000
good. This is done with the expectation that
20,000 delegates will attend. The committee
further pledges whatever additional money is
necessary to take care of 50,000 or more.
J. L. Webcteb.
The following additional subscriptions
to the convention fund were made yester
day:
Previously reported, f 21,742; J. D. Spreckels
<t Bro». Co., $250; Mattnay & Young, Palace
Restaurant, $100; A. B. McCreery, $100; Pop.
ular Dining-Room, $50; Easton, Kldridge <fe
r 0.,550; Baldwin & Hammond, $50; O'Farrell
<t'0.,525; Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., $25;
<j H. Umbsen & Co., $25; A. J. Prague & Sons,
"The Red Front." $25; Rosenlha) Bros., $25;
Hancock Bros.. $20. lotnl, $22,487.
•*'i«-*-;»M*ttfrf **<-'«r Jhr*.\ f«r,,«i«-
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 9.— Trouble
is brewing among the employes of the
electric car system 01 this city. Beveral
days ago the men were put on twelve-hour
instead of *en-hour runs.
The men are paid by the hour so that
the increase in time means an increase of
wages, bat they object to the long hours
ana to any reduction in the force of em
ployes. It is claimed that if a strike results
the whole electric system will be stopped
as the employes claim that the men at
the Folsom power-house, which belongs
to the company owning the car system,
will go out if requested. The manage
ment is confident that nothing serious
will happen, claiming that the disgrun
tled men do not number more than a
third of the force.
■»
PORTLAND JAIL SCAM At.
Prisoners A/lowed to Go Free by a Drunken
Keeper — Three Notorious Crim
inals Escape.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 9.— Since the
new city government has come into power,
it transpires that the management of tbe
County Jail has been carried on in a dis
graceful manner.
Both Jailer Chamberlain and his trus
ties were drunk together, and it has been
found that several burglars and thugs were
allowed to go free on the day of their
SDree, their names appearing on the
records as "discharged," thougn their
sentences had not expired. The ex-Sheriff
declares that the escapes number only
three.
Among the escapes are J. W. Adams,
bigamist and thief, and Charles Gindrat
and E. 8. Bradbury, who belong to prom
inently connected families, the former be
ing highly connected in the East, and the
latter being a brother of J. K. Carter, re
ceiver of the Pacihc Bank of San Fran
cisco.
Gindrat is a doctor and is a brother oj
an eminent physician in Philadelphia.
His downfall is said to have been caused
by the use of intoxicants.
He is now supposed to be on his way to
his brother's home, and a description of
him, with instructions to arrest, has been
sent to the police of all cities through
which he is likely to pass.
Bradbury's right name is Carter. He
has had a checkered career, which was
brought to a temporary close in this city
by his arrest for larceny and his sentence
to the County Jail.
His term would have expired on Novem
ber 22 and that of Gindrat on December 2
next.
Adams, the first of the prisoners to es
cape, had been sentenced to nine months
for the larceny of jewelry from a woman
whom he had enticed into a mock mar
riage.
SEATTLE MINING PROJECT.
Three Great Placer Properties
in the Cariboo District
Consolidated.
American and European Capital Com
bined in a Newly Organized
Corporation.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 9.— A t>lacer
gold mining project of an international
character, backed by Europeans, including
the Rothschilds and two English noble
men, as well as by American millionaires,
was consummated to-day in this city by
the organization oi the British Northwest
Gold Mining Company, l.mited, with a
capital of |5. 000,000.
Various financial interests appear to be
represented in the person of J. Edward
Addicks, the "Gas King," though the
enterprise, which is probably the largest
of its kind ever attempted in the North
west, originated with Charles F. Fishback
of Seattle, one of the leading lawyers of
this State.
It involves the consolidation of three
great placer properties in the British Co
lumbia Cariboo mining district.
They are the Fisbback mine, compris
ing 800 acre« and its water system, drain
ing forty-five square miles; the Maud
Hydraulic Mining Company, of about the
same proportions, and placers on the
Quesnelle River, which is said to be the
greatest gold-bearing stream on the North
American continent. Experts sent out by
the big money men in the concern have
reported that there is $20,000,000 in sight
on one of these properties, and anotner
will produce $1200 a day for a generation.
Among others associated with Addicks
in the directorate are Edward F. J. Gay
nor. Auditor of tbe Manhattan Railway
Company; Camille Weidenfeid, of the
banking-house of Rothschild & Weiden
leld; Thomas W. Lawsen and George A.
Kelley, of New York; Charles Wilson,
Q. C. ; J. M. Buxton, of Vancouver; United
States Senator Squire and Governor Mc-
Graw, of Seattle.
SAM JOSE DIVORCE SUIT.
Mrs. Elizabeth Wilson Asks tor a Decree on
the Ground of Failure
to Provide.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 9.— Elizabeth
Sargent Wilson to-day began suit for a di
vorce from Samuel W. Wilson on tha
grounds of neglect and failure to provide.
The Wilsons were married in this city
on August 2, 1888. At that time the
plaintiff was a teacher in ihe State Nor
mal School in this city, and Wilson was a
conductor on the Southern Pacific, run
ning 1 etween here and San Francisco.
Snortly after their marriaee Wilson be
gan leading a dissipated life and for the
last three years, it is claimed, has failed to
provide his wife with the necessaries of
life. Wilson i« now employed in a gam
bling-house in San Francisco.
Mrs. Wilson is in delicate health and is
on a year's leave of absence from the Nor
mal School. There are no children and no
community property.
.*ftf •«• • ».<^">" /»»f.r«»*m«>t«» r
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 9.— The trustees
of Agnews Insane Asylum have elected
J. M. Curtis of San Francisco architect to
prepare plans for the two dormitories and
three cottages to be erected on the asylum
grounds.
The cottages, which are for the use of the
physicians, are to cost $3000 each, and the
dormitories $4500 each. Thomas Beck of
Santa Cruz was elected superintendent of
construction.
SANTA ORCE ACCIDENT.
The Mlates Kate and Grace Purdy In-
jured in a Runaway.
SANTA CRCZ. Cal., July 9.— During a
runaway this afternoon Miss Kate Purdy
was thrown from a buggy and perhaps fa
tally injured on tbe long bill at the sum
mit of which is the Seaside dairy, some
twenty miles down tue coast.
Miss Purdy was accompanied by her
sister Grace, who was also thrown out at
another point in the road, but not danger
ously injured. Dr. Maguire and Dr.
Christal went from here to attend the in
jured girls, but the result of their visit has
not been learned.
The young women are daughters of
William Purdy, whose place in the moun
tains is popular with fishing and camping
parties. _
<«•»-»■ •••,- ■•••
AUBURN, Cal., July 9.— The case of
Herbert vs. the Southern Pacific Company
for $30,000 damages, on trial here for tbe
past few days, was ended to-day, the jury,
after being out but a short time, brought
in a verdict ior tbe plaintiff for $6000
damages.
tlrt 0i M'nll.tt*.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 9.— Fire threat
ened tbe destruction of Wallace, Idaho,
this morning. Five buiidines were de
stroyed. The loss is $10,000. Wood &
Keats, grocers, are the principal losers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
SCHOOL CENSUS
OF THE STATE.
Apportionment of Moneys
Among the Various
Counties.
BLACK'S YEARLY REPORT
Nearly One -Third of a Million
Children Entitled to
Shares.
WILL RECEIVE $1,056,635 10.
Gains or Losses in the Public Insti
tutions of Learning as Listed
by the Superintendent.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 9.— The
report of Samuel T. Black, Superintendent
of Public Instruction, giving a census of
the public schools of California during the
past year was made public to-day.
It also embodies the report of
State Controller E. P. Colgan on the
securities held in trust by t^ie State
Treasurer for the support of common
schools, consisting of bonds of the State of
California and various counties as follows:
State funded debt bonds of 1873, 6 per
cent $1,626,500
Fresno County bonds, 6 per cent 51,000
Glenn County bunds, 4 y a per cent 55,000
Humboldt County bonds. 9 per cent iJ5.000
Humbola t County bonds, 7 per cent 23,000
Inyo County bond*, 5 percent 42,000
Kern County bonds. 6 per cent 106.000
Kings County bonds, 4 percent 42.000
Lake County bonds, 6 percent 47.K00
Los Angeles County bonds. 4y~ per cent 285,000
Los Angeles County bonds, 6 per cent. . 210,000
Marln County bonds, 6 per cent 48.000
Mann County bonds, 4 percent 160,000
Mendocino County bonds. 4Vi per cent. 65,500
Mendoclno County bonds, 6 per cent 3 2 000
Merced County bonds. 4Vi per cent 88. 600
Mono County bonds, 6 percent 6,000
Monterey County bonds, 5 percent 75,000
Placer County bonds, 6 per cent 26.000
Sacramento County bonds. 4^4 percent 267,000
Sacramento County bonds, 6 percent.. 13.100
Sacramento County bonds. 4 per cent . 80,000
Pan Dlfgo County nonds. 6 per cent 140, 300
San Diego County bonds, 4^fe per cent.. 83,000
San Jocq-ln County bonds. 6 per cent . 79,000
San Joaquln County bonds, 4 per cent. . 22,000
San Luis Obispo County bond s,H percent 30,000
San Luis Obispo County bonds. 5 percent 16,000
Santa Clara County bonds. 5 per cent. . . 24,500
Santa Clara County bonds, 4 per cent. . . 68.000
Santa Cruz County bonds. 4^ per cent. 109.000
Shasta County bonds. 5 percent 63.0<X)
Trinity County bonds, 6 percent 20.760
Total securities held in trust for school
fund 93,814,060
LOS ANGELES MYSTERY.
A Coroner's Jury Intimates That
Capitalist Todd Was
Murdered.
His Companion on the Fatal Hunting
Trip Now Claims Half of His
Property.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., July 9.— The ver
dict of tne Coroner's jury over the body of
Robert Todd, the capitalist, who was sup
posed to have shot himself accidentally
yesterday, failed to bear out that theory.
It says:
"We find that tbe deceased came to his
death by a wound."
The jury thus refused to concede that
the shooting was done accidentally by
himself.
The jury found that Todd must have
held his gun in the left hand, the arm ex
tendinc across the breast, to have shot
himself, as he was believed to have done.
Tnomas Leatherdale, the man who was
with Todd, says that Todd asked him for
his knife; yet when Coroner Campbell ex
amined the body he found a knife in one
of the pockets. It belonged to Todd.
It is claimed that Leatherdale had no
money or other property, yet he now
claims a half interest in several of Todd's
lines of business, amounting to nearly
$50,000. His testimony as given this
morning differs considerably from the
statements made last evening.
Woolsey Kronkite, who was driving
past, states that when he first saw the
men they were standing fully sixty feet
apart and appeared to be measuring off
land. He heard no shot, yet in tive
minutes he was hailed By Leatberdale.
The case has been turned over to the
Police Department.
SPRINGER IS DEAD.
The Man Who Claim* He Can Product
the Murderer It Mistaken.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July a — The
Omaha physician who wired to the au
thorities at Fan Bernardino that if the
large reward offered gome years ago for the
The money in the State treasury belone
ing to the State school fund, subject to
apportionment, is $1,057, 823 14, us follows:
Amount unapportioned January 8,
1896 91.670 75
Received from property tax 6?9.H5fl 63
Received from poll-tax 149,318 92
Received from Interest on bonds 8^,349 05
Received from interest on lands. 19,223 11
Received from tax on railroad* 98,7 a 7 81
Received from tax on collateral in
heritances. 31,748 90
Total 51,062,r98 17
.Less amount paid on restitution of
interest on lands sold, not the
property of tbe State $1,992 76
Less amount paid on annulment
certiiicatei of purchase 2.657 57
Leas amount paid Weils, Fargo &
Co. for expressage on redemption
of county bonds, $24 70 4,676 03
Net amount subject to apportion
ment. $1,057,823 14
In accordance with the foregoing state
ment of the State Controller I have this
day apportioned the State school moneys
to the several counties as follows: Total
number of census children between 5
and 17 years entitled to receive
school money, 323,130; amount per child,
|3 27; amount apportioned, $1,056,635 10;
amount unapportioned, $1,188 04.
Bamcki.T. Black,
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
The following is a statement of gains
and losses in census returns for 1896:
arrest and conviction of William Springer
was still in evidence he would produce
1 Snrin^er will never realize on his proposi-
I tion.
Springer, a fprmer saloon-keeper at Lodi,
married a German girl in San Francisco
and broueht his bride south on a wedding
tour, stopping at the Transcontinental
Hotel in Colton. There he robbed his
wife, killed her and set fire to the bed
clothing and furniture of the room, hop
ing to destroy evidence of his crime. The
fire went out.
This was in January, 1887. On Novem
ber 5. 1888, W. R. Mclntosb, while rabbit
hunting on the north side of Little Moun
tain, near Ban Bernardino, found Spring
er's body. In the clothine were a lady's
gold watch, a revolver, with one empty
chamber, and an open knife. A bullet
hole through the skull was evidence of
suicide.
At an inquest two days afterward the
clothing, which was in a good sta'e
of preservation, was identified by the
former proprietor of the hotel and a negro
Dorter. The reward tender was then in
vestigated by the finder, but nothing came
of it, because the terms did not say "dead
or alive."
SANTA ROSA-SONOMA RAILWAY.
The Two Town* to Be Connected by an
Elertnc Line.
SANTA ROBA. Cal., July 9.— Banta
Rosa and Sonoma are to be connected by
an electric railway. Rumors of this en
terprise have been in circulation here for
several months, but it is now an assured
fact.
The Board of Supervisors has been ap
pealed to for a francnise, and as soon as
this is granted work will be commenced.
The new road will connect Mellita, Ken
wood, Glen Ellen, Apua Caliente and So
noma and will probably be an overhead
trolley system.
The projectors confidently assert that
the railway will De in operation before the
expiration of this year.
ft'oJ*...* /,.r J*"rvi'ff BttonrX.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 9.—Attor
neys W. H. Carlin of Marysville and C. O.
Miller of Visalia were granted an audi
ence by the Governor to-day to argue in
favor of commuting the death sentence of
John E. Howard, who is to be executed at
Folsom State Prison, to imprisonment for
life.
After listening to tbe arguments the
Governor took the case under advise
ment. There is but little likelihood that
executive clemency will be extended.
WINNERS ON
NAPA'S TRACK.
Strathmont Distanced After
Having Taken Two
Heats.
BEATEN BY MERIDIAN.
Backers of the Fresno Horse
Lose Heavily on the
Race.
p
GOOD SHOWING OF DICTATUS.
The Once Erratic Chestnut Cleverly
Handled by Young Clarence
Day.
NAPA, Cal., July 9.— The mercury in
the thermometer took a leap upward to
day and when the bell in the judges' stand
tapped the starters in the opening events
out the merry popping of corks from soda
water bottles sounded like target practice
on a rifle range. Indeed, the sodr. from
these noted springs seems more plentiful
than ordinary river water, for the dust on
the grounds flies around in big clouds
which a sprinkling-cart might allay.
Two of the events on to-day's card were
for district horses, but the rural visitor
must have lost interest in the trotters and
the pacers, for these kindly folk with the
little bunch of whiskers on the chin who
patronize the gineer-bread and peanut
stands and reckon well before they make a
bet, were conspicuous by their absence.
Under the grand stand in the Monte Carlo
department pain is depicted on the faces
of the different game-keepers, and the man
who has the privilege looks as though he
had troubles of his own.
The ladies with their pretty dresses and
rosy cheeks are very liberal in their pa
tronage and lend much gaiety to the
scene. A splendid band discourses popular
airs between heats.
It is always the unexpected that is hap
pening in racing, and there is sorrow to
night among the backers of Strathmont,
tut favorite for the 2:40 pace. After tak
ing two heats off the reel in clinking
fashion, each in 2:14, one of the Fresno
horse's boots became loosened in the third
heat, and he finished seventh. This
marked the beginning of his trouble, for
in the fifth heat he was distanced.
He showed phenomenal speed In the
second beat, going to the half in 1:04. and
a low mark is predicted for him before the
close of the season. Meridian, the winner
of the race, which it took six heats to de
cide, was driven by the noted reinsnian,
Dick Havey, who replaced Moorehead in
the sulky after the second heat at the lat
ter drivers request; and to Havey's mas
terly handling can be accredited the stal
lion's victory.
Paieua Hunger, driven by Charles Dur
fee, was the choice for the trotting race
for district two-year-olds, selling in the
pools for $10 against $4 for the held; but
Attractor, a good-looking youngster by
Falrose, won in straight heats in 2:41, 2:34.
The race for three-year-old district trot
tere was also taken in straight heats by
the winner, J J, who sold in tne pools for
$10 against $5 for the field and $3 for Napa
Prince. The best time made was 2:26, in
the second heat.
When pooling began on the pacing
event but one horse seemed to be in any
great demand — Strathmont. He brought
$20, with Kate H bringing $9 and the held
$8. The favorite really looked like oil out
of the can, for tie took the hrst heat like
breaking sticks in 2:14 flat, with Cora S a
good second. Kate H, the second choice,
was distanced.
The Fresno horse now sold for $10
against $3 for the entire field. He repeated
this time in the heat following, with Cora
S again second.
In the third heat a loosened quarter
boot caused the favorite to go into the air
after passing the half, and Havey got
Meridian home two lengths in front of
Cora S in 2:16^. The book laid $20 to $1
against the winner for tne heat.
It was reported that Stratnmont did not
cool out well after his two fast heats,
and hedging on the part of his
backers was now in order. Cora S,
the game and persistent daughter of
Button, captured the lourth heat in 2:20,
with Dictatus second. This latter horse
maSe a bad break at the first turn, but
later showed a marvelous burst of speed,
coming home from the half in 1:02. He
was driven to-day by Clarence Day, a son
of the horse's owner, and the young man's
handling of the erratic chestnut was the
cause of much favorable comment among
horsemen. After various professional
reinsmen had given the horse up as a bad
job. young Day took charge of him, and,
to the surprise of ail, he appeared to-day
without hobbles. He will evidently bear
watching in the future.
Before th« fifth beat the field sold even
up against Strathmont, to the disgust and
horror of that horse's followers. He made
a bad break on the backstretch and was
distanced, Meridian winning the heat
easily from Cora S in 2:18.
For the final heat the last-named two
horses were the only ones to come out,
and Meridian placed the heat and race to
his credit by easily downing the gatne, but
tired mare. Time, 2:23.
District trotting, 3:00 class, 2 year olds, 2 in 3,
»300.
Attractor, b e., by Falrose-SteHa (Masdon)....l 1
Paletta -Munger, b. f., by Pilot Prince. (Durfee). 2 'i
Hand, b. c. by Vevo (Kdgp) 3 3
PriDcess Rowena, D.f., by Pilot Prince(Loeber) dls.
Tlm«, 2:41—2:34
District trotting, 3:00 class, three-year-olds, 3
In 6, MOO.
J J. b. c, by H»ro-Ada (McManus) 11l
Fanadma, b. f., by Erosu (Franklin 2 2 2
Napa Prince, b. c, by Grandissimo (, Loeber) 3 4 3
Sweet Ro<e, b. f., by Mambrino Chief Jr.
(Smith) 434
Lucelle, sr. f., by Melvar (Hill) 5 sd.
Time, 2:291/4-2:26—2:3116.
Pacing, 2:40 ela<s, three in five, purse s7oo.
Meridian, br. a., by Hemi (Moorehead A
Havey.. .....6 7 16 11
Cora B, b. m.. by Button (Hogoboom)..2 2 2 12 2
Dictatus, eh. s.. by Red Wilkfs (Day).. 4 3*2 3dr
Bonniebell, b. m. by Whalebone (Bod
dle) 6 5 3 3 4dr
Strathmont, b. g., by Htrathaway
(Albeitson) 1 1 7 4 dis
rioratine, blk. m., by Memo (Kodgers)3 4 6 5 dr
Adele, blk. m., by Dexter Prince (San
ders) 7 6 5 dls
Kate H. b. ni., by Alflno (Laferty) dls
Bernard, eh. g., by Jim Biatne (Ceasel)dls
Time, 2 :44— 2 :44— 2 :16i/%— 2 :20-2 :18-2 :2S.
Following are the entries for to-morrow:
230 class trotting, all aget, purse $700— C.
A Durfee enters Medico; D. E. Knight enters
b. m. Patti Rosa; La Siesta ranch enters b. g.
Jeffe; Vendome stock farm enters b. s.
Aggregate; H. Schiossen enters b. s. Clay S;
I. T. Borden enters sr. M. Fay; D. J. McCarty
enters b. h. Joe Nolan; N. 8. Lear by enters b. g.
Leader; E. W. Smith enters br. h. Auditor;
I>. H. Gleason enters b. m. Twilight; P. H.
Chamberlain enters b. h. Leonet; C. E. Clord
enters b. s. Homeward.
2:12 class, pace, ail ages, $1000— S. H. Hoy
enters b. s. Hanford Medium, T. P. Mon enters
b. m. Ruby M, C. C. Maxon enter* b. g. Golden
West, Oakwood Park itock farm enters b. m.
Javelin, D. R. Mlsner enters b. g. Plunket,
Agnew stock farm enters bk. g. Loupe.
w&mw&M&me
final Beat Sowed for the Grand Chal-
Isnae Cup.
HENLEY -ON- THE -THAMES, Esq.,
July 9.— The final heat for the Grand
Challenge cup between the Thames Row
ins Club and the Leander Rowing Club
was won by Leander. A strong adverse
breeze was blowing over the course, which
slightly favored the Bucks station. Lean
der won by two and a quarter lengths in
7:43.
Both boats got off at the same instant,
strikiue the water at a stroke of forty to
the minute. Thames led after half a
dozen strokes and then Leander drew np
level.
■At the end of the island Leander led by
a third of a length and by two-thirds of a
length at the Rectory, and at the mile
post was a clear length in the lead. Lean
der kept in front and reached Fawley
Court iv 3:35. Her lead was somewhat
shortened after passing Fawley Court, but
from the I -simian to the finish Leander
drew rapidly away from the Thames beat
and won handily.
Baron Guinness defeated Beaumont in
the single-scull, winning by two lengths
in 9:35.
The final heat for the Thames Challenge
cup was won by the Emanuel College,
Cambridge ci ht, who beat the crew of the
Societed'Encouragement dv Sport Nau
tique of Paris by four lengths.
The final heat in the race for the Wefold
Challenge cup was won by Trinity College,
Oxford, which beat the London Rowing
Club's four by a third of a length.
ON EASTERS DIAMONDS.
Scores of Ball Garnet Played in the Na
tional League.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 9.— Louisvilles-10,
10,4; Philadeiphias— 3, 6,0. Batteries—Hi
land and Warner. Keeue and Grady. Umpire—
McFarland.
CHICAGO, 111., July 9.— Chicagos— 9, 7, 0;
New Yorks— l, 11, 2. Batteries— Terry and
Donahue, Sullivan and Zearfoss. Umpire—
Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 9.— Score : St. Louis— 9,
12,1; Bostons— 7, 11, 3. Batteries— Donahue
and Murphy, Sullivan and Bergen. Umpire-
Lynch.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. July 9.— Score: Cleve
lands—7,ll, 1; Baltlmores— O, 7, 3. Batteries
—Young and Zimmer, Pond and Clark. Um
pire — Hurst.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. July 9.— Score : Pittsburgh
—7, 9, 2; Brooklyns— s, 9, 3. Batteries—Kil
len and Sugden, Kennedy and Burreli. Um
pire—Belts.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 9. — Ciacinnati-
Washington game postponed ; rain.
JnKn»tn» Jir—akt *h.e ittrvvtt.
LONDON, Eng., July 9.— At the Catford
Track to-day Johnson, the American bicy
clist, made a mile, flying start, in 1:44 2-5,
breaking the record. Betts afterwaia
lowered this record 1-5 of a second. Stocks,
Lumsden and A. Union started in a twelve
hours' race. In the tirs't two hours Stocks
rode 57 miles, 845 yards, beating the record.
TRYING MONTECITO'S DEAD
County Officers Are Unable to
Prove the Guilt of
Barnard.
No Blood Found Upon His Knife or
Clothing When Under the
M crnscope.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 9.— The
inquest over the body of the little dog
trainer, Cyrus Barnard, was concluded to
day, but the endeavor to ascertain his con
nection with the Richardson murders
proved abortive. There have been many
cases where men have been shot down
when resisting arrest for the commission
of heinous crimes. Usually their guilt has
either been a matter of wide public Knowl
edge or their complicity has been readily
proved. This is a unique case.
Although a network of snspicious cir
cumstances involve the dead man, there is
positively not one single piece of indisput
able evidence to demonstrate his complic
ity.
Last night even those who were most
zealously endeavoring to give the dead
man a fair trial, and to raise every possi
ble evidence in his defense, went to their
homes almost wholly persuaded of his
guilt and fully expected that the micro
scopic examination of Barnards shoes and
knife, which Drs. Hall and Otto had un
dertaken to make, would demonstrate the
presence of corpuscles of human blood and
establish the fact that he was the butcher
who bad slain gray-haired Mrs. Rich
ardson and her pretty daughter.
The physicians themselves expected it
To-day they reported that the most search
ing investigation proved these articles to
be free from blood. This almost broke
down the case against Barnard.
Whosoever committed these murders
walked in blood, and must have borne it
on his garments. All the clothes that
Barnard was known to possess have been
found, and there is no blood about them.
Yet the man s mean, dishonest character,
his lack of principle or worthy sentiment,
his corrupt morals, his familiarity with
the house and grounds, the desperate re
sistance of arrest before he was charged
with the crime rstablish a chain of suspi
cious facts which bring conviction to most
minds.
Sheriff Hick's directions to Hopkins
when he sent the latter to arrest Barnard
were given to the jury to-day.
"I told Hopkins to be on his guard," the
Sheriff attested, "for if Cyrus Barnard had
committed those murders he would cer
tainly shoot before he would be taken."
This advice of his superior officer justi
fies what many have regarded as reckless
shooting on the part of the arresting of
ficer, and raises from him all suspicion
that he fired upon Barnard as a result of
personal animosity or desire for a fight.
As a matter of fact Hopkins has been
feeling very dismal over the fact tnat he
has killed a man. Although he served as
city marshal of Santa Barbara for years,
and was known as a brave and fearless
officer, having made countless arrests and
handled many desperate men, this is the
first instance in which he had ever tasren
another man's life and the second time he
had ever shot any one.
The verdict of the jury, declaring the
killing not only juftifiable'but a commend
able act on the part of the officer, is gen
erally applauded.
John Murray Jr., who drifted into the
inquest as a defender of the dead man,
and who has shown himself as cool, cour
teous and keen a cross-examiner as any
lawyer, is a picturesque feature of the
case. He is the son of the somewhat cele
brated reader and elocutionist, and a few
years ago was known as the rising young
capitalist of the county, owing a block of
buildings in Santa Maria valued at $50,000.
He is finely educated and possesses a face
which impresses the most casual observer
with its beauty, purity and strength.
A year or two ago he took up socialistic
studies and, becoming imbued with these
theories, deeded all of his property away
and started out penniless to work for the
world's good and proereas. He ha 3 been
arrested and hooted at, but keeps steadily
in the path he has chosen.
Murray knew Bernard and has accepted
him as a convenient, useful and not disa
greeable companion, whom he was in the
habit of occasionally taking into the
mountains.
While he despised the man's degraded
character and life yet when he found his
acquaintance shot down and accused of a
dreadful crime of which he was helpless
to exonerate himself and saw that every
man's hand was raised against him he
voluntarily espoused the cause of the
dead. In doing this he put himself in the
most equivocal position, drawing upon
himself the indignation of good men, who
felt that he was openly posing and in a
sense accusing them of Injustice.
Yet Murray has quietly endured the ig
nominy of his position and the humiiia
tions to which ne has been more than once
subjected, and all for the sake of securing
justice for a dead man whom himself
held in contemn.
Cyrus Barnard was buried this after
noon. Only tive vehicles composed the
procession ; there were no mourners and
it was impossible to secure pallbearers.
The pretty Richardson viila out in El
Montecito is closed. All of the doors are
fastly locked and the lew movable valu
ables it contains have been locked up in a
bank vault. In a few days a male relative
of the family will arrive from the East, but
what will be done with the estate nobody
knows.
SAN LUIS OBISPO'S BLACK
Valiant Work of firemen Saeed thti
Town From Destruction.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., June9.-The
conflagration which raged in tbe business
section of the town last night was checked
after it had destroyed Cohen <fe Peyran'a
paint-store, on Higuera street, J. M. Ping's
wine depot, the Central Hotel and Ar
nold's photograph gallery, and partially
burned the upper portion of the Dutton
& Bobos block and M. Benshimal's dry
goods house.
To the strenuous work of the firemen
the town owes its existence, for at one
time it seemed impossible to stay the
progress of the flames.
The losses are as follows: Cohen &
Pey ran, stock, ?4000, insurance $2000; M.
Benshemel, stock, $5000, insurance $1000;
Ben. Brookes, building, $8000, insurance
$3000; W. L. Bebee, building, occupied by
Cohen & Peyrau, $5000, insurance $400; R.
Hutchinson, building, occuDied by Pin<*'s
drugstore, $6000, insurance $1500: Pine, on
stock, $5000; Arnold, photograph gallery,
$1500, insurance $200; Dutton & Babos,
stock, $1500, fully insured; building, $1000,
insured for $2500.
GREETED BY ROYALTY,
Boston's Ancient and Honorable
Artillery Company Feted
in England.
After Witnessing a Grand Review of
Troops They Are Tendered a
Banquet.
LONDON, Ekg., July 9.— The members
of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery
Company of Boston to-day visited Alder
shot, where they witnessed the grand re
view of troops. The great event of the
day was the banquet given the visitors
to a most distinguished company, includ
ing the Prince of Wales and his brother,
the Duke of Connaught. The banquet
was held in the King's Hall of the Hol
burn restaurant, '*'hich is one of the most
prominent places of its kind in London.
The hall was most elaborately dec
orated. Above the chair of Colonel
Walker, chairman of the banquet, were a
portrait of the Queen and the arms of the
United States, which were flanked by the
stars and stripes and the banner of the
American company.
Prior to tbe banquet there was a recep
tion, at which the hosts welcomed their
guests. To the right of the chairman sat
the Prince of Wales, Embassador Bay
ard, the Marquis of Landsdowne and
Field Marshal Sir Donald Stewart, Gov
ernor of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.
On his left were the Duke of Connaught,
Baron Halsbury, Lord High Chancellor of
Great Britain; General Patrick Collins,
American Consul-General at London and
the Right Rev. Alfred Earle. Bishop Suf
fragan of Marlborough.
Among theoOOother guests present we're
General Sir Redvers Bullo, General Sir
Evelyn Wood, General Lord Methuen,
Major-General Sir Francis Grenfells, Major-
General Sir Frederick Waiker, General Sir
George Higginson, General Burnett and
General Elha, Lord Denbigh, Lord Col
ville, Sir Donald Smith, Canadian High
Commissioner to England; Hon. Chaun
cey M. Depew and Sir Henry Irving.
The members of the Boston organiza
tion were in full-dress uniform, as were
also a number of their guests. A majority
of the latter, however, were in evening
dress, wearing their orders and medfois. A
throng of ladies Jin gay toilets watched
the banqueting and listened to the
speeches from the galleries. There was an
atmosphere of enthusiasm and goodfellow
ship everywhere and the banquet was one
of the most successful of the kind ever
given.
Toasts to the Queen, the Prince and
Princess of Wales, the Ancient and Hon
orable Artillery Company, the army and
navy and Embassador Bayard were pro
posed and responded to amid the greatest
enthusiasm.
v^B)^Z~-~^ Xj s AND
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St., San Francisco.
THE LEADING COMMERCIAL . SCHOOL
west of Chicago. Bookkeeping, penmanship,
business practice, shorthand (Pitman, Graham,
Eclectic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
guages, English branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught.
Department of Electrical Engineering in success-
ful operation. . ; . . . .
Individual instruction. 20 teachers. Night ses-
sions in all departments. Students' can com-
mence at any tim". Thousands of graduates In
positions. Write for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTABLISHED 1858, 623 ELEVENTH 'ST.,
-Ci cor. Clay. Mrs. M. K. Blake, Principal: T. D.
Adams, A.M.. master: Mary E. Allen, A.8.. pre-
cep.ress. Best of accommodations for boarding or
day pupils. Includes from kindergarten to uni-
versity work. • None but teachers of large culture
and experience. Special attention to Art. Music,
Oratorical Work, Physical Culture and Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant home school. ■
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR THE UNI-
-L verslty, Law und Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. Day and
evening sessions. : References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building, Nos.
333-335. PROF. L. H. URAU, Principal, late of
Stanford University. '.' "■ •
TRISITY SCHOOL (FOISDED 1876).
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
■D and young men. Prepares for university and
collece. - Boarders limited to . 36. . Accredited
school with the universities. * Easter term opens
Monday, August 3. ■ ... ..
ItKV. DR. E. B. SPALDING, Rector.
IRVING INSTITUTE. ;,
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG
n ladles. Primary and Kindergarten for Children.
A Carriage will call. Next session will begin on
Monday, August 3. Address . .
REV. E. B CHURCH, A.M., 1036 Valencia st.
RADCLIFFE HALL,
A PREPARATORY SCHOOL for GIRLS.
For Illustrated Catalogue address
MR*. AIPHEDS BULL,
*■■-''• • Belmont, California.
MISS HAMLI.VS SCHOOL AND VAN NESS
' Seminary. : : a " boarding ■ and day school for
girls : under the direction of MISS SARAH D
HAMLUV and MRS. EDNA SMELL POULBON.
Fall term opens Wed., Aug. ' 5. ' All ' department*,
kindergarten to college preparatory, : Call or writ*
for particulars, 1849 Jackson st. , San Franciaoa.
56
®be tifoll
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor end Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally »nd Sunday Calx, one week , by carrier.. $0. 5 j
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cai/t., three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall* .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. •«• 1-&0
Weekly Call, one year, by mail • WO
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
»». It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
jour address. Do not let it mis* you. for yon will
miss it. Order* given to th» carrier or Me M
Business Office will receive ■ prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market-Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-18«8 j
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
61* Clay Street.
Telephone •. - Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
SSO Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9 :30 o'clock.
713 Xarkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
GW, comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
ants 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
lift Mats street; open until B o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
906 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms, 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City. I
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent, • j
FRIDAY.. JULY 10, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB TICF-PRESIDEST-
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
KUBOTIOH NOVEMBER 3, 1 g96.
The sons of Democracy will soon be
orphans.
Hill has led one forlorn hope too many
and his funeral is now in order.
When you have joined a Republican
club yon have a right to talk politics.
Conservative Democrats are not saying
much, but tDey know what they are going
to do.
The Republican pledge to promote bi
metallism is as good as gold and as popu
lar as silver.
Whitney's visit to Europe was only
postponed. He will go now as if he were
being fired over.
An analysis of the situation shows that
the only National party now in existence
is the Republican party.
The delegates at Chicago divided their
time between standing up for silver and
sitting down on gold.
There was not a single speech made at
Chicago that Democracy will circulate as
a campaign document.
Local Democracy will appropriately rat
ify the pow wow at Chicago in two sec
tions and several fractions.
There are many bosses in evidence at
the Chicago convention, but no sign of a
leader that anybody would follow.
Now that the old Democratic ship has
been captured by pirates she will be more
dangerous to business interests than ever.
It will be instructive to watch the kind
of people who will get together to ratify
the crank work of the Altgeld convention.
Democracy has begun its career as a re
pudiation party by repudiating every one
of its own time-honored convention rules
and practice*.
The silver Democrats have so success
fully stampeded the gold men that they
will never get them back into line again
before election day.
If the Populists indorse the Chicago
ticket they must have less sense in deal
ing with noxious insects than farmers are
generally supposed to have.
Senator Daniel as a figurehead to the
convention was about as imposing and as
picturesque as a wooden Indian in front
of a Virginia tobacco-store.
"Democracy wiil live afterwe are dead,"
said Stephen M. White to the Chicago
convention, and certainly it can hardly be
expected to live before then.
If CaliTorma is to have her industries
promoted and her resources developed her
people must maintain a protective tariff
above all other issues whatever.
That the California delegation split on
the first test rote need surprise no one.
Mr. Daggett in putting it together never
intended it should stay together.
Many a man will attend the Democratic
ratification meetings just to see a free
circus with a chance of witnessing n mis
cellaneous assortment of free fights
thrown in.
The attempt of Democracy to array the
West against the East will fail utterly so
far as this State is concerned. California
is in the Union and her people will rote
with the Union.
There may be some intelligent men who
out of party spirit will vote for the Chicago
ticket, but they will have to drop their in
tellects in a slot machine before they drop
their votes in the bailot-box.
For the cause of protection and for the
sake of prosperity the peopie are rapidly
rallying to the Republican party all over
the Union and its banners wiil be carried
forward to a sweeping victory.
There is not in this country a business
man of good common-sense who would be
willing to intrust the affairs of the Nation
to the crowd that has just made Chicago
hideous by a disorderly convention.
The free-trade politicians will attempt
to array labor against capital and. the
"West against the East on the Bilver ques
tion, and it is the duty not only of all pro
tectionists but of all business men and all
patriots to oppose them and defeat them.
The attempt of George Fred Williams
of Massachusetts to take the sectional
color off the Chicago convention was ' a
failure. It takes more than one man to
represent the great States of the East, and
despite the silver oratory of the "Massa
chusetts man every one who has studied
the convention knows the East was not
in it.
A DANGEROUS COALITION.
All reports from Chicago reveal the fact
that the dominant power in the convention
is a coalition of free-traders and free-silver
monometallists. This coalition has organ
ized a sectional party made up of the old
secession leaders of the South and the dis
contented elements of the West, and de
signs to put into power an administration
adverse to the business and industrial in
terests of the great manufacturing States
of the Union. Incidentally it is also a
class party and seeks to excite labor against
capital, the farmer against the manufac
turer and the debtor against the creditor.
The object, of course, is to establish free
trade on the ruin? of American industry,
train office and power for men like Tillman,
Altgeld, Bland and others of like character,
and create a condition of civil disturbance
out of which demagogues of all classes
and degrees could hope for profit and re
ward.
The cry of free-silver coinage by such a
coalition is simply an attempt to take ad
vantage of a great popular movement and
mislead it. To restore bimetallism in this
country without injury to business and
industry will require a statesmanship not
inferior to that which conducted the
finances of the Nation during the war and
afterward restored specie payment. It re
quires the administrative skill of men like
Lincoln, Chase, Grant. Sherman, Garfieid
and Blame. It requires, moreover, that
such administrators should have the sup
port and co-operation of strong majorities
of conservative, sagacious, loyal and patri
otic men in both branches of Congress.
To attempt to restore bimetallism through
the men in control at Chicago, with the aid
of Populist allies, would be to bring about
confusion worse confounded and to restore
the "reign of chaos and old night."
Conservative men of all parties have
begun to recocnize the responsibilities that
rest upon them at this juncture. The
people of this country, so long as they re
tain common-sense and an ordinary degree
of patriotism, will not countenance either
sectional parties or class parties. We have
had an experience of what results from
the one and we will not venture an experi
ment with the other. The truest advo
cates of bimetallism will sustain it only
when it becomes a National instead of a
sectional demand and when its restoration
can be undertaken by statesmen and pa
triots and not by agitators and demagogues.
We are not among those who believe the
Democratic party.will perish in this cam
paign. A party that has vitality enougn
in its principles and its organization to
survive the heresy of secession is not going
to perish from the heresy of free trade.
There will be this year, however, a repeti
tion of what occurred when Democracy
became sectional in 1860. The conserva
tive elements of the country will stand
together. The voice of the Pacific will
answer the voice of the Atlantic. Oregon
will vote as Maine votes and California
will aad her strength to that of Massa
chusetts. Our interests are identical with
those of the great manufacturing States,
with th 6 great commercial cities, with the
Union as a whole. That we favor bimet
allism is beyond question, but we favor
protection first, for industry must precede
money. Moreover we are for the Union
and the whole people. Class parties and
sectional parties will iind no support in
California. ___^______
PROTECTION AID REOIPBOOITY.
A few Democrats who are unenlightened
think they see a glaring contradiction in
the Republican party's declaration for
"protection and reciprocity," Decause reci
procity means free trade and protection
means exactly the opposite. But no sensi
ble man would commit such a blunder,
for there is no contradiction at all nor
could antagonism between tne two decla
rations be discovered if viewed from a
common-sense business standpoint. Reci
procity certainly does mean free trade, but
not the kind of free trade that the Demo
cratic party clamors for. When Air. Mc-
Kinley is President, strong efforts will be
made to establish reciprocal trade relations
between the United States and countries
whose products are different from ours.
Wherever our traders can find commodity
interchange profitable they certainly
should have free course with such coun
tries.
Practically all the Latin-American
states produce articles of commerce which
would not come in hurtful competition
with our industries, and with all such
countries we should have free-trade rela
tions, and we shall have them after this
year. There are other countries besides
South and Central America with whom
reciprocal trade intercourse would be
highly advantageous to us, and in time
such relations will be established. It is a
mistake to suppose that protection means
National exclusiveness. The policy of the
Republican party is to foster all of our in
dustries in proportion as they may need
tions, and we shall have them after this
year. There are other countries besides
South and Central America with whom
reciprocal trade intercourse would be
highly advantageous to us, and in time
such relations will be established. It is a
mistake to suppose that protection means
National exclusiveness. The policy of the
Republican party is to foster all of our in
dustries in proportion as they may need
such fostering, and it also means the fos
tering of close commercial relations with
all countries with whom such relations
would be beneficial to our people. The
tariff and reciprocity doctrines of the Re
publican party stand for and demand the
greatest possible good to the people of the
United States, and where protection is
needed there protection will be found, and
where reciprocal trade intercourse will se
cure to us good and substantial returns
there reciprocity will be found in practical
application. First and foremost, the Xe
publican party ii for Americans and
America's best interests, and whatever is
right, whatever is just and whatever is
equitable will be employed in the interests
of the people of the United States.
DEMOCRATIC DECLARATIONS.
The platform of the Democratic party
as finally adopted by the Chicago conven
tion is as queer as it is contradictory. It
is a radical departure from many of the
principles enunciated by the fifteen pre
ceding National conventions, except as to
the spoils of om'ce, which it heartily in
dorses under the very thin guise of "we
favor appointments based upon merit"
and "equal opportunities to all citizens of
ascertained fitness." This may be con
sidered as giving notice in advance that
"to the victors belong the spoils," and
that every one who works faithfully for
the election of the candidates will be re
warded by an opportunity to feast at the
public crib. This declaration is a bold
thrust at the civil service law, and its re
peal is promised.
The next declaration of importance is
the one which promises a law that shall
deprive one of the right to make a con
tract for the liquidation of a note or other
indebtedness, and specify the kind of
money that the obligation s-iall be re
deemed in. But the noxt declaration con
fuses this one by the demand that "the
power to issue notes to circulate as money
be taken away from the National banks,
and that all paper money shall be
issued by the Treasury Department, be
redeemable in coin and receivable for
all debts, public and private." The second
declaration annuls the first one, or the
first one annuls the second one. If gold
and Bilver coin is the redemption money
of the country it follows that paper money
would not be a legal tender, nor could it
be made bo. A tender of paper money
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
could legally be refused by the tenderer,
which would oblige the tender to go to
the National treasury and exchange his
paper for gold or silver. Had the plat
form designated paper money as token
money, and recommended its issue by the
Government for the convenience of the
people, or had it said that the Govern
ment has the right to stamp gold, silver or
paper with its seal and declare such
stamped things legal tender money, the
declaration would have some meaning,
but as it is it contradicts itself in the most
bungling way.
Referring to the tariff the platform says
that "tariff duties should be levied for the
purpose of revenue." Inasruucn as the
present Democratic tariff has failed in
three years by nearly $140,000,000 to sup
ply ti.e necessary revenue to maintain
the expense account of the country
the inference is that the Democratic
party is in favor of re-enacting the
McKiniey law, because that law dem
onstrated its ability to provide ample
revenue, just as the 'Wilson-Gorman
act has demonstrated its inability to sup
port the Government. This is a confession
thai the present tariff schedules need to
be increased, which is true, fey the reason
that the Government needs more revenue,
and for another reason that when custom
house charges are sufficient to provide the
necessary revenue there is also enough
protection to our industries. But that ia
not what the Democratic party means, as
will be seen in another plank of its plat
form. The real purpose is to establish the
principle that the people should support
the Government by money raised by an
income tax — not by taxing the incomes of
the rich alone, but by taxing the earnings
of every one. With such a law in force
the party believes a very close approach to
free trade could be made. The Supreme
Federal Court has already declared that
an income tax is unconstitutional, but the
Chicago platform provides for that dj- the
way the court will hereafter "be consti
tuted."
The plank next to the last oue reveals
the sectional feeling which dominated the
convention. This plank declares for the
improvement of "the Mississippi River
and other great waterways, so as to secure
for tlie interior Slates easy and cheap
transportation to tidewater." No refer
ence is made to the improvement of any
harbor, coast defenses nor anything else
that would not directly benefit "the in
terior States.' 1 The Mississippi Vailey,
including the old slave States, was very
much in evidence in the convention, and
ex-slave-owners under Altgeld's leadership
rode roughshod over the Atlantic and Pa
cific Coast countries.
REGISTER AT ONCE.
The first duty of Republicans at this
time is to register their names on the list
of voters. All other political duties de
pend on that. Until a man haa registered
he has not made sure of his right to vote.
He cannot with consistency urjre others to
the performance of their obligations as
citizens until he has put himself in a po
sition to perform bis own.
At the present time registration is going
on very slowly. There are no crowds in
the registration office. No one has to wait
long. It requires very little trouble and
time for the citizen to have his re?istra
tain made under these circumstance*.
Later on there will be a ru«h at the office.
Crowds will be standing round the desks.
Then those who come will have to wait.
It is, therefore, the part of wisdom for
business men to register at once. Better
attend to the duty wnen it can be per
formed with ease, convenience and prompt
ness than to delay until the last moment
and then be compelled to submit to con
siderable crowding and annoyance and
loss of time.
The Republican ciub* of this City should
make it a part of their to see
that all Republicans in their districts are
registered. Bring out the voters. Unless the
full voting strength of the party is on the
voting list it will ko badly with the party
on election day. Clearly the pressing po
litical duty of the day ia to register your
self and then see that other Republicans
are registered. Attend to it to-diy.
A BUSINESS BAROMETER.
The railway is the most reliable busi
ness barometer. When our railways are
having liberal offerings of freight the pas
senger business is large and industry is
prosperous, but when their cars stand
empty on side tracks there is distress in
every avenue of trade distribution and
employment. The expenditure of the rail
ways as a whole on account of operation
and maintenance absorbs not less than 75
per cent of the cross receipts, and scarcely
a line, of manufacture is exempt from re
ceiving direct benefit. Fully 50 per cent of
the gross revenue of a railway is disbursed
in the towns on its line, and the other 25
per cent of the total outgo is distributed
among manufacturers of railway supplies
all over the country, which in turn goes to
the pockets of the wageman and from
th«nce to the merchant, i
The Pennsylvania Railway Company's
gross earnings amount to more than $140,
--000,000 a year when business is good, and
considerably over $100,000,000 of it is paid
out to its employes and to shops and fac
tories located immediately upon its own
mileage. When the volume of freight is
small and passenger travel light, hundreds
of men are laid off and scores of trains
taken from the time schednle. The pay of
the men stops, which in turn ia reflected in
the sales of the way-station storekeepers
and in the output of furnace and factory.
When men are "laid off" on a great mil
way it means that more are to be "laid off"
in every millshop and factory from which
the road buys supplies, and if it be a coal
and coke carrying road there is enforced
idleness in the coal mines and at the coke
ovens.
In fact, it is hard to tell where the in
fluence of a great railway for individ
ual discomfort ends when the condi
tion of trade and commerce obliees it
to retrench. Not only the retail merchant
suffers, but all from whom he buys sup
plies, from the farmer to the manufac
turer, feel the loss which "laying off " by
the railway inflicts upon its operatives.
And all must wait for the railway to re
sume the running of its trains and for the
payday of its re-employed operatives.
When one stops to think of the distress
that is inflicted. upon a country, and the
almost limitless ramifications of the harm
done by such .. business depression as this
country, has been facing for three or more
years, it would seem that every one would
feel it to be his highest duty to his fellow
countrymen to ■do all that is in his power
to avert such another calamity.
For three years there nas been enforced
inactivity throughout every channel of
industry, commerce and transportation in
tun ; United States, and there ' is an un
natural cause for it, for in the preceding
years— a decade, we might say— there was
satisfying • prosperity which created no
conditions for such an onslaught upon the
business interests rof the ■ country. The
cause, as every one should know, is to be
found in a most unwise and ignorant ef
fort to cast aside . well-established business
principles and introduce theories of tariff
and finance which, Ua?e never been baqc
tioned by the business experience of any
people. These wild and senseless Heories
are still in practical operation. The people
know to their sorrow how ruinous to them
they have been, and it would seem that
every one wno is not satisfied with such
conaitions and wno longs for opportunity
to again employ hig skill and brain and
brawn would know that the country must
return to the economic policy that the
present one supplanted before substantial
prosperity will return to the country.
PERSONAL
H. I. Holm of Japan la a guest at the Palace.
C. Burnett of India is among the Palace
guest?.
JiiddlPton Spicer of Memphis, TenD., is at
the Rum.
Superior Judge E. \V. Risley of Fresno is at
the Grand.
P. A. Bnell, the Stockton lumber-dealer, U*t
the Palace.
Ex-Mayor B. U. Stein m»n of Sacramento is
one of the guests at the Palace.
John 11. Graves, a lawyer of San Jose, is
malting a short visit at the Russ.
Warden Charles Aull of the State prison at
Folsom is registered at the Grand.
William Jones, the Petaluma grocer, is regis
tered at the Russ with his family.
Among the arrivals at the Grand yesterday
was Abe McPite, au attorney of Stockton.
J. Brown and wife, well-known residents of
Visalia, are guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. Black, a mining man of Bishop, Cal., ii
making a short stay at the Rusa with his wife.
Henry F. Wllley, a carriage manufacturer of
Los Angeles, is one of the late arrivals at the
Kusa.
George Gaulbert and wife and Miss C. R.
Gaulbert oi LouUville, Ky., are guests at the
Palace.
R. I. Bentley, who has a fruit cannery at
Sacramento, is among the latest arrivala at
the Lick.
Lieutenant W. H. Allen of the United States
navy and Mrs. Alien are registered at the
California.
Johu Mason, the Xew York actor, his wile
and Misa Adelaide Mason, are guests at the
Occidental.
A. D. Cutts of the MarysviUe firm of Cooley
& Cutts, grocers, is at the Grand on a brief
business visit.
C. C. Smitn and J. McKenna, wealthy busi
ness men of Portland, Or., are stopping at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. N. McGettigan of Vallejo, Supervisor of
Solano County, came to town yesterday and
took a room at the Russ.
Reuben Brooks, a business man of Gloucester.
Mass. , is in town on a business and pleasure
trip. He is at the Grand.
James A. Robinson and J. E. Rawlins, mem
bers o( the English colony of orchardiats at
Hanford, are at the Grand.
Lieutenant C.E.Colehan,UmtedStatea navy,
is at the California with his wife. They have
stopped here on their way to Japan.
Miss Olivia Phelps Stokes, Misa Caroline
Pnelps Stokes and Miss Campbell are at the
Palace registered from New York City.
A. KoloKoltzoff and A. Kolokolteoff Jr. ar
rived at the Palace last night from the Ea*t.
They are from Russia and bound for the Orient.
W. F, Hutchinson, F. B. Bossett and Iff. B.
Milcoli. onicers of the United States navy, v>ere
among the Eastern arrivals at the Palace last
night.
George E. Stickle, who manages the big store
at Angels Camp, and C. W. Tryon. & mining
man of that place, are among the Grand's
guests.
Mrs. Ernest Graves, wile of the well-known
San Luis Obispo lawyer and politician, arrived
at the Baldwin yesterday with her daughter,
Misa Dixie Graves.
James S. Robinson of Hanford, the man who
imported a celebrated hone into that country
and was the envied of stock-raisers on that ac
count, is among the recent arrivals at the
Grand.
Mark L. McDonald, owner of one cf the mott
beautiful homes in >&nta Rosa, capitalist and
large stockholder In the water works and in
the car lines of that city, Is registered at the
Occidental.
X. Wines of Santa Barbara, proprietor of a
stage line at Santa Barbara and of one between
Truckee and Lake Tahoe. returned to the City
yesterday from the Sierras and stopped at the
Grand on his way home.
J. R. Baxley, a well-to-do resident of Santa
Barbara, is at the Occidental with his wife and
Miss Ellen Cooper, daughter of Elwood Cooper,
president of the State Board of Agriculture and
manufacturer of Cooper's olive oil.
S. T. Black, formerly principal of the Ven
tura High School, but now and for some time
past State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, is at the Lick, registered from Sacra
mento, which he makes his headquarters. He
is accompanied by Charles XI. Keyis of Pasa
dena.
Altred Hampton, United States Commis
sioner of Immigration at El Paso, Texas, and
ton of General Wade Hampton, United
States Commissioner of Railroads, arrived
at the California last night with his
wife and Miss Mary Reynolds of
Albuquerque, N. Mex. The party in on a pleas
ure trip and came here from Sissor.s in the
j expectation of meeting General Wade Hamp
ton, who is expected to arrive from the East
in the next few days. Mr. Hampton waa lor
merly engaged in engineering and mining in
New Mexico. For the last two years he has
held his nresent position. His principal look
out at El Paso, he says, is for contract-labor
. immigrants from Mexico.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., July 9.— At the Im
! perial— J. J. Got Hob, E. E. Harrison, G. A.
Martin; Sturtevant— Miss L. B. O'Neil; St.
i Cloud— J. T. Sweeney; Gijsey— R. C. Domro
j witz, Barrett F. Harder; Windsor — H. L.
, Meyer, Miss Meyer; Astor— Miss Green; Hol
land—Mrs. A. K. cone and Miss Cone.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Quite Optimistic. .
Los Angeles Express.
There are lots of imaginative people in
Chicago.
The Political Mirror.
Half moon Bay Advocate. .
If any man thinks he is perfect let him run
for office.
■ Sixteen to One.
Ventura Independent.
It's 16 to 1 that some people are going to get
badly fooled this fail.
ay Be Different Next Tear.
tan Jose Mercury. • .
Canada has the run of the American mar
| kets this year, but next year things will be
I different.
Racetrack Swindles.
San Jose Mercury.
As racetracks are never straight, it should
I not be surprising that there is always so much
j crooked work done on them.
— — — _ —
A Great Oversight.
Palo Alto Times. ;
An exchange says that the oversight of the
Yosemite Valley is granted to the State. .." It is
pretty much all oversight, to far as providing
money, to care for mat great resort is con
cerned.
nm xim* o v .*. »m,»ux i.*ti4 l*A.
;[•■ Mlddietown Independent. -I .
People who have farms will do well to keep
them. The United States is rapidly Hearing
the end of free homes. . Its limit of agricultural
development, so far as the addition of acreage
is concerned, is in sight.
, Heed's Choice.
. Los Angeles Capital.
Nearly oil our great men have declared that
they "would' rather be -right than; be Presi
dent." It has remained for only one of our
great men— Tom Reed of Maine— to intimate
that he would rather be left than :be Vice-
President. . • ' : ■ - ■ . .
A Contrast.
Alameda Telegram.
The experience of the last; three years has
brought out in a clear, liaht the excellence of
the last Republican administration— an ad
ministration under which we attained a meas
ure of prosperity uneqnaled in the history of
the Government. , ; Indeed,' ; the - Republican
party has proved to be the party of prosperity; '
i good wages and of good market*.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Walter Malms Rose of Ontario, Cal., carried
off first prize this year at the Cornell Law
School for the best treatise dealing with some
legal subject requiring personal research.
His thesis was upon water-front cases in
the United States.
The second prize was awarded to Orrin Dale
Richardson, son of Judge Richardson of Evans
ville, Ind. Both Rose and Richardson were
students in the law department at Stanford
University last year. Richardson was first a
student at Indiana University, where he was
graduated from the English department then
in charge of Professor E. W. (iriggs. But as
soon as Professor Griggs was recalled to Stan
ford to take the chair of ethics, Richardson,
like several other Indiana students, followed
that favorite teacher to the Pacific Coast and
took work leading to the degree ol master of
Walter Malms Rose, A.8., LL.B., of Ontario, Cal.. Who Carried Off First Prize
This Year at the Cornell Law School.
arts, which he received before entering Cor
nelL
When it is considered that there are several
hundred men from all parts of the country in
the Cornell Law School and that there were
sixty-live In the graduating class with these
two Stanford men, the compliment to the
efficiency of the training they received at Palo
Alto is evident The plan at Stanford Univer
sity is for each student to specialize upon the
work of a particular department. To that he
devotes one-third of his time. The remaining
time is spent upon courses in other depart
i ments, but no regular student can narrow
down to one course of study. Ro?e, for in
stance, made history his major study, and
took economics, law, English and several other
subjects calculated to give a broader legal
training than could be obtained at a school
where law alone is studied.
Walter Rose not only earned his own way
throu?h Stanford, but he paid his expenses at
Cornell by work done during the preceding
summer vacation and while pursuing his
studies at Ithica, N. Y. At Palo A.to he was
known as a hard student, but no one ever
considered him a "dig," for he found time for
other things than his books. Employed as as
sistant in the library he spent a part of each
day at work there, and yet he completed
the four years' course six months ahead of his
class. Hewas also business manager for one
term of the Sequoia, the college weekly, and
the next term was elected editor, both of
which positions furnished an income of about
$00 a month. He was one of the early work
ers on the staff of the Daily Palo Alto, corre
spondent for some time of The Call, and was
one of the charter members of the Stanford
Press Club. He was one of the founders of the
Alpha Literary and Debating Society aud of
Bench and Bar, the most exclusive of the
many law clubs at Palo Alto, and a member of
the Sigma Nu Fraternity.
loose talk:
It's "lovely, l lt Is ••beautiful," it's "charming," It
.: . ..is "floe."
It's ''elegant,", "magnificent," "exquisite," and
.. "divine..? 1
Are the soft words he has in stock, and yon will
bear him say
These pleasant-sounding syllables a hundred times
a day. ••-•••■-
But from his lips they nothing mean: they're ut
tered but to catch
The ready ear, and give to you a nicely glided
- - •- snatch
Of fulsome flattery and praise: In every little chat
They are employed to everything, from cherub
down 10 rat.- ■-..-• ■ •
I sometimes wish the words erased from Web
ster's unabridged;
And to ibat end the publishers should dally be be
sieged. -■
Unless (he ones employing them will manifest
. . . some sense
And use them to express real thoughts, not as a
mere pretense. - —Nebraska sta.e Journal.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
He— When I am married I'll make a practice
of coming down to dinner every evening in a
dress suit.
She — And after you've been married awhile,
I've no doubt, you'll come down to breakfast
in one. — Truth.
■ '•Much of a crowd at the speaking?"
' "Well, as a congregation at a sermon it would
have been immense, while as a crowd at a ball
game it would have been mighty thin."—ln
dianapolis Journal. ''
. Mrs. Newife— l acknowledge that I have my
faults and am sometimes cross. Jack, dear, but
if I had the last two years of my life to live
over again I should marry you just the same.
Mr. Newife— doubt Vanity.
He— Miss Edgerton reminds me of a delicate
piece ot china.
She— Hand-painted?— Detroit Free Press.
Miss Wheeler— lsn't the scenery beautiful
along that road ?
Ryder— Very! I'm using court-plaster and >
arnica on account of that scenery.— Puck.
"Mrs. De Billions, don't you get tired of
tomatoes when you begin eating them so
early - V:>- • • -
"Oh. no; we always stop getting them when
they are bo cheap that everybody has them."
Chicago Record.
Wallace— la the "M" in Chauncey
Depcw's name for ?
Ferry— lt must be for Manatma. He often
relates personal experiences that took place
from three hundred to a thousand years ago.—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
• A pretty girl, ■•■
A crowded car —
••Please take ray seat"—
And there you are.
A crowded car,
A woman plain.
' : s; c stands, and there
• You are again..
1 —Sew York Herald.
GRACEFUL ACT BY ALLISON.
Los Angeles Times.
Senator Allison performed a graceful act in
wiring to Major McKinley his "sincere and
hearty congratulations" on the result of the
St. Louis convention. lowa .Republicans are
not the sort that sulk in their tents, and Sena
tor Allison is one of the noblest of them all.
Ills campaign for the nomination was con
ducted on a nigh plane, without bitterness or
detraction. Senator Allison and his friends,
by their high-minded course, have won the re
spect and admiration of the entire country.
BEET SUGAR.
Xew York Mall and Express.
The extensive scheme of Claus Spreckels for
the Introduction of beet-root culture in Cali
fornia will, if successful, cause a sweeping
revolution in the sugar industry in this coun
try. The success of beet-root sugar-making
In Germany, of which Mr. Spreckels has just
completed an exhaustive stndy, has convinced
him that it can be profitably undertaken in
the West, and if his conclusions are supported
by actual results in the experiments he pro
poses, the whole business in this important in
dustry will be radically changed. To be able
to produce at home all the sugar consumed in
this country would relieve the people of the
burden of one of the largest items in our im
ports. The success of the undertaking would
be another step towird the complete indus
trial independence of the United States.
NO MORE DEMOCRACY.
Placer Argus.
We do not believe that eight-ninths of the
Republican convention that adopted the
financial plank of the platform did bo at the
behest of Wall street or any other combination
in the world. We do not believe that men of
the character of Lodge, Depew, Foraker, Hast
ings, Fairbanks and Thurston represented
anything but their honest convictions in the
matter ot the financial policy of the country.
For another thing, we do not believe that the
currency question is the question above all
others before the people. We do believe that
the tariff and labor questions are the ques
tions above all others. If every dollar of the
seigniorage and all the silver bullion of the
country were coined, and all the bullion that
would be sure to be dumped at
our mints by present resumption were
coined, we do not believe that it would afford
any great relief in the matter of furnishing
labor to the unemployed or start up one of the
tied-up spindles of our idle factories.
The facts are these: The substitution of
the Wilson sugar trust tariff for the McKinley
tariff gave such ar impulse to importers that
it has led to a constant drain of the gold from
our treasury. For every dollar of imported
goods some laborer was compelled to suffer.
A return to some beneficent j.rotective system
similar to the McKtnley tariff would very soon
bring a return of trade balances in our favor.
Gold would morn to us instead of going all
one way, the payment of the public debt
would be resumed, dormant industries would
again waken to activity and we would Tery
soon be in a condition to secure international
comity in the matter of cuiu ratios lor a re
sumption of silver coinage.
To what sort of a feast doss the Bee invite?
Simply this: It invites to the hazard of a con
tinuance ,01 Democratic supremacy. It mat
ters little under what head the Democracy
poses, whether "free silver" or "sound money,' 1
it is the same old rotten hulk still. It* name
has grown to be the synonyn of disaster. Its
stench is the stench of dead" issues. Its record
that of wildcat currency, free trade wage
rates, practical repudiation, boneless Amer
ican policy. No, our dear neighbor, go where
you please, take your kites and balloons with
you, but, if you please, no more Democracy in
ours.
MISSE S' JACKET BASQUE
A basque of graceful shape, and easy to
make, will appeal to all home dressmakers. It
U appropriate for either silk or woolen fabrics,
and for entire costumes, or for extra waists.
A dress of blue mohair bad the vest of white
silk muslin. The collar was of white satin,
trimmed with rows of blue braid.
A green canvas cloth had a vest of green and
white foulard. A trimming in green and white
beads edged the collar, which was of the mo
hair.
A brown hollands had a vest of white batiste.
The collar, which was of the brown holland,
was hedged with embroidery in white, done
on batiste the same color as the dress fabric.
The waist has a fitted lining, over wbicn the
goods is gathered. The basque or peplan is
cut circular, and sewn to the waist, reaching
only to the nnder-arm seams.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
There are forty-one lawyers in Connecticut
over 70 years of age.
Upon the death of a woman whose name is
not yet devulged, Yale is to receive $750,000.
Thackeray would produce, uuder pressure, a
novel in six or eight months. He did not like
to work, and, as he otten stated, only did so
under compulsion.
De Amicis, the Italian author, who was born
in 184.0, is a writer of one of the most success
ful boys' books of the time. It has passed
through ISO editions in Italy.
Mile. Couedon, the Paris "confidante of the
Archangel Gabriel," has been receiving as many
as 2000 letters a day from credulous persons.
Many of the letters, It is said, come from the
United States.
Firth's well-known series of five pictures,
"The Race for Wealth," painted in ISBO, was
sold at anctlon in London the other day for
310 guineas, or mucn leu than the price ob
tained sixteen years ago.
Sardou U now 64 years old, wrinkled and
half bald, bnt in his elastic step and brilliant
eye he is as youthful as a boy. He is said to
have earned $1,000,000 from his plays. Yet
his ilrst play was a dire failure.
Professor Hinton of Princeton University
has invented an automatic baseball pitcher.
It delivers the balls at the rate of three a
minute, and will tire them last or slow, straight
or curved, at the will of the operator.
Brent House, at Brentford, where Nell
G wynne lived, caught fire recently. The bil
liard room was burned, but the broad stair
case up which Charles II is said to have
ridden bin charger was untouched. The house
Is used now by a Conservative club.
General Francois Denix Legltlme, President
of Hayti in 1888-89, left Kingston, Jamaica,
on June 4, to return to his native country, the
doors of which have been thrown open to all
political exiles by the amnesty decree of the
new President, Tereaias Simon-Sam.
Marchioness Li. wife of Li Hung Chang, is
said to be very beautiful, and looks not more
than 30, although she is 50. One thousand
attendants and servants answer ncr beck and
call. Her feet have been compressed until she
is unaDle to walk more than a few yards at a
time.
Queen Victoria is in possession o£ a curious
needle. It was made at the noted needle man
ufactory at Redditch. and represents the Tra
jan column in miniature. Scenes from the
Queen's life are depleted on the needle, so
nuely cut that they are discernible only
through a microscope.
John Bunyan focghton the Roundhead side
during the civil war ia England., mis baa
! been definitely settled by the discovery of his
I name in several places on the muster rolls of
I the parliamentary garrison of »« w P° rt
| Paqueell. Some people, it eeems, thought
John fought for King Charles.
C. C. StarbucK suggests in the New York
World that a statue of Bartholomew de Las
Casag be erected in Washington. Las Casas
was a Spanißh Dominican priest, who came to
this country as a missionary in 1502, and who
denounced the cruelty with which the In
dians were treated.
Since his retirement from the United States
Senate the Hon. George K. Edmunds has re
sisted all the attempts which have been made
by hi 3 friends to induce him to exercise from
time to time his powerful political influence
in Vermont. Mr. Edmunds is now enjoying
excellent health, and expresses himself well
satisfied that his long political career has come
to a close. ________ __— —
LETIERS FROM THE PEOPLE-
DEMOCRACY'S BLUNDER.
Seeking Porui-tsr Votes Throcgh Delvsiv*
Mo>ey Planks.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sin:
Assuming the correctness of the telegraphic
reports of the Democratic platform adopted at
Chicago to-day, in wuich the attempt is
boldly made to construct a platform which
will win Populist votes, I desire to point out
the blunder thus made and suggest some of
the consequences which will iollow as the re
sult of that blunder.
The particular plank in the new Democratic
platform to which I wish to direct special at
tention at this time is thus reported by tele
graph :
"Congress alone has power to coin and
issue money, and President Jackson declared
that this power could not be delegated to cor
porations or individuals. We therefore de
nounce the issue of notes as money by National
banks as in derogation of the constitution, and
we demand that all paper which is made legal
tender for public and private debts, or which
is receivable for dues to the United States,
shall be issued by the Government of the
United States and shall be redeemable in
coin."
The reference to the National banks is weak
and perfunctory compared with the clean-cut
and decisive declaration on this point in the
plank as first adopted by the committee, which
| said simply: "We demand that the power to
if sue notes to circulate as money be taken from
the National banks, and that nil paper money
shall be issued directly by the Treasury Depart
ment [and] be redeemable in coin and receiv
able for all dfbts, public and private." The
dread power of the ''"National" banks (private
Dtinfcs, in fact, with a. "National" name) is
sadly revealed in the change from revoking
their power to issue "notes" to circulate as
money to merely "denouncing" such issue.
Already the new Democracy has ignobly
yielded to the pressure of the bank power,
even before it had adopted its platform. lam
not much surprised, but I am mortified and
alarmed, for these "silver" Democrats are my
countrymen aud they know the right, as we
! have seen in their first declaration, demanding
I that the power to issue notes now granted to
I these bunks shall be abrogated; but though
i they know the right they dare notmaintalu it.
| This fatal and pitiable weakness, disclosed in
1 the yielding to bank influence, is notice to the
I couutry that the Democracy is still ruled by
i the fatality which always leads it to do the
wrong thing at the right time.
But why should the old historical "hard
money" party take up and meddle with the
question of paper money »t this time of
frenzied devotion to silver? The need and the
hope of obtaining Populist votes and of hold
| ing back those who are ready to go over to the
I Populists compelled the Democracy to yen
; ture on making this radical departure in first
"demanding" the revocation of tna authority
; unconstitutionally granted to these falsely
| called "National" banks ana then in "de
nouncing" them "as in derogation of the
i constitution," but ignoiuinously failing to de
l mand the repeal of that unconstitutional grant
; of wwer which they sonorously and preten
| tiously denounce. But what will it avail
| them? Their empty denunciation simply
I points to the fact that they recognize a gigan
tic and overshadowing evil permitted to stand
J and thrive under color of law, but which they
! dare not undertake to destroy by repealing
I the iniquitous law which created and sus
taius it.
| is Democracy in 1896— that is, what is
left on it. As usual, it has committed a fatal
blunder. At first in express terms, and then
by delusive indirection, it concedes the Jus
tice of the Populist contention, heretofore so
j much ridiculed by borh old parties, that the
! National banks are founded In a dangerous
j grant of power, which, under the constitution
can only be invoked by the National Govern-
I ment, and that these bauks have grown so
rich and powerful as to control the Govern
ment in iv executive, legislative and judiciary
departments, as well as to dictate the plat
forms and nominations of the dominant politi
cal parties, control the newsservice and edi
torial columns of the great newspapers and
other means of forming and directing public
opinion.
Having conceded this contention of the Pop
ulists, who from the first have proposed to
destroy this gigantic evil, root and branch, we
behold the Democracy too impotent to declare
■ with the Populists tnut this evil power must
be destroyed, but it is only "denounced." I*
the Democratic party, with all its new zeal and
I resounding professions, in a position to com
mand the confidence of the people in the pres
ent crisis and universal alarm? I think not
The Nation will now look to the Populist and
Ml ver conventions about to meet in St. Louis
for such a stand against the money and mon
opoly powers as will insure the overthrow of
these powers at the polls in November.
The Democracy hus unwittingly done good
service at the Chicago convention. It has con
fessed that the Populists are right in their
tight against the money power, and thus has
pointed to the open door of entrance to the
Populist party where men of courage an d eon.
viction may be found who will fight for their
rights and never lay down their arms till vic
tory is won and the people are free.
I look for large accessions from the Democ
racy to the People's party. There are genuine
patriots in the ranks of the poor old party wno
can find no assurance that they will be able to
save their country by votln? the present Demo
cratic ticket, and they will now turn tothene-v
j and defiant party of the people with the certain
| assurance that their hopes will notbedisan
j pointed, and that there is no danger now tha»
i they will lose their votes. More blind parti
sans, a million or two porhaps, will vote for
the last Presidential candidates of Democracy
in the coming election. '
Joseph Asbcry Johsson.
San Francisco, July 9, 189t>.
XXII* Hu»'.r r *;a ■ «r«l»ifi. I|j | I I
"MaVzasita Hall, preparatory school for
boys, Palo Alto, Cal. Send for catalogue." *" • : -
• » »
Buy your hosiery, underwear, corsets, etc.,
at Pioneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fifth street. •
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 510 Montgomery. *
Husband's Calcined Magnesia.— Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and .-mailer dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. •
•'Miss Beverly, why does your History Club
meet twice a week?"
"The first night we meet to find the place we
left off the week before, and then the next
night, you know, we read."— Chicago Record.
Ap» 1
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted 'or the trans
portation of families because of Its palace draw
ing-room and moaern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a Reasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
»J.rm(M.ju It. lit, l.Wr.v tl4D> !*«!%.
Swell excursion will leave San Francisco next
Sunday evening. Rates cut way down. E\jry
thing first class; meals In dining-cars. The finest
sight in the world Is the hot water geysers, found
noplace bat In the Yellowstone. Just the placa
for your vacation trip. T. K. Stateler, 638 31»rket
street, San i'rancisco.
:^fct«£Wift«fr«'.*4r.<M*.. -w^*
Has been nsed over SO years by millions of moth«n
for their children while Teething with perfect sa>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the- gums. allayi
Pain, cares Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aad
Is the beet remedy tor Diarrhoea*, whether arlslnj
from teething or other causes. for sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and as<
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. '.25c * bom*
Corona do.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry sal*
and mild, being entirely free from the mlsti
monrortber north. Round-trip tickets, by ataam.
shlp.liiclucllnf fifteen days' board at the Hotel a *
Coron»<io. $60; longer stay 92 60 per day. Apaif
4i»ew Montgomery st., BanFra-wUco. .
For jaundice and liver complaint, Ayer's Pilla
are better than any other. They do not contain ■
partidt of calomel.7IIDAY..ZZZZ^Z. JULY 10. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Tai-iforn-ia Thkatkb. --"Americans Abroad."
Columbia Theater-- London Assurance. .
aioKoiscx.'» ..i.^oi-^- A Money Order."
• Tivoli OrERA-Hot:siE.-"Romeo and Juliet.
C i phi I v. HlpJi-Class Vaudeville.
Butbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
bHoor thk CHUTKS-Daily at Haighl street,
one block easi of the Park.
AUCTION fcALfcS.
Br Chas. Lew & Co—This day (Friday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
o clock.
By William J. DiNOEK-Saturday. July 18,
Oakland Heal Estate, at salesrooms, 460 and 4Q£
EUht street, Oakland, ut 2 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Rev. Dr. C. O. Brown leit for the East yes
terday.
Wednesday's fire at 432 Fourth street caused
a loss ol over $28,000.
A fair day, with light morning fog and light
•winds, is Friday's forecast.
The Bulletin got out a special edition yester
day to celebrate its own prosperity.
The Voutlis' Directory Boys held & picnic at
Miller's, near San Rafael, yesterday.
The colored Americans organized a McKinley
Republican Club ut t ahfornia Hall last night.
A hucktnan named Morris Kane wasarrustcd
yesterday tor driving a horse with a sore hoof.
Catherine Acton yestt rday asked for letters
Of administration on the $4700 estate Of Rob
en Acton.
Mrs. Martha McElroy attempted to thrash
Collector Edward Ackley in Justice Cook's
court yesterday.
The Park Hill Club is eager to have Fif
teenth street opened into Tilden street, at the
ba>e of the hill.
\v. J. ("Pop") Sullivan was yesterday sued
for $40,000 > am ages for malicious prosecution
by C. A. Hughes.
The Nevada Bank has asked the Board of
Equalization to decrease its assessment nearly
a ltr.'iion and a half.
The Young Mens' Republican Leaerue held
an enthusiastic meeting in Justice Kerrigan's
courtroom last night.
Vining's complex system of transfers gives
the residents of the Potrero much tribulation
and petty annoyance.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion will not allow any one who employs Chi
nese to use its trademark.
A scaffolding fell at the new St. Bridget's
church, on Van Ness avenue, at noon yester
day, and iujured three men.
R. W . Smith yesterday tried to send his wife
to an insane asylum because he quarreled with
her about religious matters.
Richard Clayton, a native of England, cut
his throat with a razor at the City and County
Hospital and will probably die.
The Building Trades' Council is about to
draft a new mechanics' lien law, which will be
presented to the next Legislature.
The executive committee for the celebration
of the Fall oi the Bastile met last evening to
complete arrangements for this event.
Richard C. Harrison has filed a complaint in
partition againat Sarah Ellen Madison et al.,
on property vn Stockton street, near Geary.
Judge F. \V. Van Reynegom is of the opinion
that the Supervisors had no legal authority to
grant the oeary-street Railroad a franchise.
All day yesterday was consumed in the at
torneys'. arguments in the Becker-Creegau
force ry trial. Ths case will go to the jury to
day.
J. J. Cooney, the ex-notary public, told the
story of the acknowledgment of the pencil
deed by Senator Fair yesterday be lore Judge
Slack.
The mysterious disappearance from this City
on January 1 of Curtis Gibson, a wealthy resi
dent of North Ban go r, N. V., was reported to
the police yesterday.
Thomasil. Perm has petitioned for letters of
administration on the estate of his deceased
wife, P'udence Perm,' whose property is situ
ated in New Zealand.
At a gathering of citizens held yesterday in
the Merchants' Exchange, enthusiastic senti
ments were expressed in favor of holding the
carnival next October.
The Merchants' Association has submitted
to the Board of Supervisors a tax-levy esti
mate by which the City would have a surplus
by making the rate $1 on the $100.
The Mexican War Veteran Association last
night passed o vote of thanks to the Exempt
Firemen for the cordial reception extended by
the latter yesterday to the veterans.
The Rev. Anna Shaw left last night for
Oregon City, where s-he will lecture, returning
here immediately afterward in anticipation ot
a months lecturing tour in the States.
Weather Prophet Hammon is meeting with
succ ss in his kite-flying experiments, and
expects booh to be ebie to send an instrument
into the skys that will help him in forecasting.
Property-owners on Van Ness and Golden
.venues have petitioned the Board of
Supervisors to exempt certain portions of those
thoroughfares from the boulevard ordinance.
The cases of George S. Lincoln, William
Cline and James S. Irvine, grocers, charged
with violating the adulterated food ordinance,
were called in Judge Joachimsen's court yes
terday.
Yesterday's session of the Young Ladies' In
stitute was enlivened with an address by Arch
bi-hop Rinrdan. In the evening a grand musi
cal and l.terary entertainment was held at
Metropolitan Temple.
Charles Warner, furniture-polisher, was yes
terday held by Judge Campbell to answer be
fore the .Superior Cnurt in $10,000 bonds for
criminal assault upon Mamie Tiuon, his 16
--year-old stepdaughter.
A telegram was forwarded from this City
- lay to Rolla V. Watt in Washington an
nouncing that the necessary guarantee fund
000 for the Christian Endeavor conven
tion next yesr had Leen pledged.
The will of Louis Schmidt has been filed lor
probate. He leaves considerable property of
unknown value to Louis and Ernest Schmidt
and Alice ana Emil Fritsch. Emil Fritsch ap
plied for letters of administration.
Major Washington Blackhurst explained to a
large audience in the Central Methodist
Chuich last niijht the cause of the recent
secession from the Salvation Array and the
origin of the Volunteers of America.
A Coroner's jury sitting in the case of Wat
son Munning. a cnild oi 8 years, killed by a
Mission electric-car July 4, returned a verdict
yesterday censuring the Market-sireet Rail
road Company for not using proper fenders.
The Exempt Firemen held an enthusiastic
celebration ye*terdny on the oid plaza and in
their engine-house on Brenham place iv com
memoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the
raising of the Stars and Stripes in this City.
The suggestion of Captain W. L. Merry for
the estnblishment of a school of navigation
does not meet with the approval of the Board
of Education, chiefly upon the grounds that
the finances of the department will not per
mit it.
.t'o>Utlo> ©UniMcd;
The all-absorbing theme of men these
days is politics, and they find that tbe best
time to discuss political questions is while
eating. At the Cafe Zink'and, a few even
ings apo, were spen several animated dis
cussions in progress, and while the partici
'iiscussPd the silver queston, the
tnriif and other issues of the day, they
'•'irricnts.
NEW TO-DAY.
A •warm shampoo with CtmctniA Soap,
followed : by gentle applications of Cim-
ccea (ointment), the great skin cure, will
clear tho scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, allay itching, soothe irritation,
stimulate the hair follicles, and produco
a clean, healthy scalp and luxuriant hair,
"when all else fails. ;_ )
o ßold throughout the world. Prlc«. Cnncc«A. Mci
Soap. 2Se. : Kksolvkkt. «0c and »1. : FoniE D*OO
akd Ciipim. ( or.-., Sole Prop*.. Hotton. : . „
■»- " liow to Produce Luxuriant H*ir," mailed tl—.
WILL CRUSH OUT
ALL OPFOSITION,
The Southern Pacific Com
pany Is Out on the
Warpath.
1
AFTER BAY BUSINESS.
"Spotters" Are in All Seaboard
Towns and a Careful
Tally Is Kept
SMALL STEAMERS MUST RETIRE
Nothing on the Front Is Too Small
for the Octopus to
Strike At
There is nothing so small in the shape
of opposition that the Southern Pacific
will not fight, and every steamer on the
bay is made aware that the octopns is alive
and active. Every merchant or dealer in
Napa, who sends goods to or receives goods
Irom San Francisco by the steamers Zin
fandel and Napa City, are known to the
railroad agents, and every now and again
they get a gentle reminder to the effect
that it would be to their interests to
patronize the railroad.
The steamer Alviso that runs to Alviso
and the Sunol and Monticello that run
daily to Vallejo are watched morning and
evening and every person who travels by
either boat is noted and his or her name
jotted down for reference. In this way
not only the merchants, but the traveling
public aiso, are intimidated.
Tag is also kept on the Hope, running
to Berkeley, Caroline to Baden, Gerard C
to Redwood City and the little Ida to
Suisun. In every instance the corpora
tion makes special rates by rail to meet
the opposition by water, but nevertheless
the steamers hang on, although in some
instances it is a loosing game both for tne
railroad and the oppositi n.
One of the lines that the octopus is de
termined to crush is that operated by Joe
Parra. Joe owns tne launch Ida and he
carries freight to Suisun for $1 a ton.
People who patronize him have been
warned again and again, but as the lowest
rate offered by the railroad was $2 45 a
ton Joe was kept pretty busy. His buxom
wife helps him in tbe loading and unload
ing of the vessel and a iwelve-yaar-old boy
steers the small craft, so that his expenses
are nominal. Nevertheless, the Southern
Pacific has pushed the boycott so hard
that latterly he has been compelled to ac
cept outside jobs in order to make a liv
ing. The Ida is only about 5 tons bnr
den, so the railroad must be hard pressed
when it descends to righting such an insig
nificant craft. But as Agent White at the
ferries says, "Every little helps," and the
Southern Pacific is determined to hold on
to everything in sight and "charge all the
traffic will bear."
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
j Mexico is again ready for service. She
lias been refitted throughout and is now
one of the handsomest vessels in the fleet. |
Her first run will be to San Diego in the
Corona's place, while the latter will suc
ceed the Pomona on the Eureka route.
The Pomona will then be laid up to be in
spected and have new canvass put over her
decks.
J. W. Leonhart and bride will be passen
gers on the Australia for Honolulu to
morrow. They were married in Chicago
and some of their friends amused them
selves in the railroad station by stenciling
remarks on the trunks. There are four of
' them and quite a crowd surrounded them
! all of yesterday as they lay on the Oceanic
; dock. On one was marked, ''Bride's
j trunK; just married and very shy." On
i another, "Groom's trunk; only one world,
j two people in it, wifey and I." On a third,
; in big blue lettering, was, "This end is
I dovey's, this end is duckey's," and on the
i fourth, "Handle with care. Hallelujua!
jAu revoir. Alice, John, Grace, Carl, Gar
ner, Glen."
At yesterday's meeting of the Harbor
Commissioners Chief Wharfinger Root
asked for a gnsolinc launch. He ex
plained that in boarding vessel* in the lair
way and making inspections of whftrves
one was absolutely necessary. The Com
missioners were in favor of having a
J launch built, and tbe matter was referred
| to the chief engineer to report upon.
Gallaway, Townley & Co. are in trouble
j with the commission. They have the con-
I tract to repair Bryant street, between Main
and Spear. The'month allowed them in
which to do the work has expired anJ
j practically nothing has been done. The
i secretary was instructed to notify tlie
I bondsmen that they would be held liable
j for the delay.
J. H. Freese, the oldest saloon-keeper
' on the water front, has gone out of busi
ness. Yesterday he >-old out his interest
I to his partner, and East street will know
him no more. Over twenty years a^o
Freese bought out his employer and ever
since has run the place in conjunction
with his partner, C. W. J. Miller.
THE LABOR UNIONS.
The Building Trades Will Draft n New
Mechanics' Lien Law.
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council last evening a special committee
was appointed to draft a new mechanics'
lien law which the council will present to
the next Legislature for passage, it is
claimed that the present lien law affords
no protection to the mechanic, and that
unscrupulous contractors and property
owners can avoid the payment of just
debts for work performed. The council
hereafter will meet in the rooms o: the
j Labor Bureau Association at 91534 Market
I Btreet.
The newly elected officers of the Coopers'
| Union were installed last evening. After
• this was accomplished the union held a
reunion and high jinks, which lasted until
a late hour.
T c Labor Bureau Asso. in t ion held an
election Wednesday night in its new
quarters, at 01n>s Market street, und tbe
following were selected for the board of
directors: W. A. Carter. C. Griffiths. Harry
Hamilton. G. B. i>enham was re-elected,
John Palmer was selected as recording
secretary, C. Meanwell as financial secre
tary and A. Parks as treasurer.
The holdover uirectors are A. O. Hamil
ton, W. H. Hutchinson, Daniel Murpliy
and A. Benedict. In consequence of tne
action of tne management of the Turk
stret-t Temple dislodging ihe Bureau As
sociation from its o.d quartets the asso
ciation passed a resolution declaring that
its members v-otud regard as unfriendly
to the association any body, union or club
patronizing or h-.ring hulls in tbe Turk
street Temple.
Xaw reffonui .
The Oregon Gold Mining Company was yes
terday incorporated by J. 08. (Junn, Daniel
Wilson, Josiah Champion, S. F. (irissim and
B. C. Brown, withu capital stock of $1,000,000,
of which $2500 has been paid In.
Clnirles Appleion Hooper, John Fletcher
Sims, Eugene de Kay Townsend, David '
Christian Hfiiry, Harvey Mictiai-l Binckluy, I
Franklin Riffle mid Wiilnrd Harnes Morris j
have incorporated the Red Cap Mining Com
pany with a capital stock of $20,000, all of
which ha* been paid in.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
The Little Gasoline Schooner Ida as She Lies Alongside an American Ship. On Her Joe Parra and
His Wife Make a Living Carrying Freight to Suisun, but the Southern Pacific "Spotters"
Are Trying to Drive Him Out of Business.
CAME TO PRAISE
AND NOT TO BURY,
Major Blackhurst Plays
Well the Part of
Mark Anthony.
IN DEFENSE OF BOOTH.
Declares the Commander Was
Not Ambitious and Had
Spurned a Crown.
SPOKE TO A LARGE AUDIENCE.
Proved Himse f a Clever Talker and
an Even More Clever
Dip omat.
I come to bury Ct^sar, not to praise him
• • • Th nob c Brutus
Hath told you Cjeaar »is am bilious.
If it were so it was a Rrlevous f°»iilt :
And grievously hath Ciesar answer'd It.
Major Washington Blackhurst played a
fine Mark Anthony last night for Com
mander Ballington Booth. His appear
ance was before an audience gathered in
the Central Methodist Church, and his
purpose, as he made perfectly clear in his
first few remarks, was to paraphrase
Shakespeare — to praise Commander Booih,
and not to bury mm.
He further emphasized bis Mark An-
Major Washington Blackhurst (Balilngton Booth's Volunteers of America).
Tony-like mission by referring to the
charges of undue ambition made against
Commander Booth and then urdertakiug
to refute them and to show that tbe leader
of the "Volunteers of America," the
rival organization of the Salvation Army,
was devoted to the cause of Jesus Christ
and the sinners of the earth, and like
Caesar had nobly and heroically refused a
crown.
He also went into the causes for the de
fection of the commander, as he in tones
of affection referred to Ballinjrton Booth,
and the origin of the Volunteers of
America, the American organization com
posed of the seceders from the Salvation
Army, which has it--* headquarters (a Lon
don, with General William Booth, the
father of the commander, at its head.
Major Blackhurst had his audience,
which nearly filled the nave and gallery
of the edifice, and which showed a gener
ous sprinkling of Salvation Army mem
bers, with him from the start.
When the two verses and the chorus had
been duly rendered, Captain Gardner Biig
eested : "Let's clap it out this time. All
together." And the chorus was repeated
to the clapping of hands. "Let the ladies
sing it by the.nselves,' he then remarkei,
and the ladies promptly responded". "Now
all together," and all toother to hand
clapping the "catchy" lines were again
rendered.
After a brief prayer Captain Gardner
who is the leaner of the local seceders
from the Salvation Army, spoke a few
words on his position.
"I am thoroughly satisfied," he said
"with the step I have taken. 1 want it
understood that it was not taken impul
sively, but only after I feit it was the only
honest thing I could do. So y.m see me
here to-night as a Volunteer of America."
He introduced Mnjor Blackhurst, ex
plaining that the major was formerly pri
vate secretary to Bngaoier Fielding, for
merly of the Salvation Army and now of
the Volunteers, and had also been for a
lonir time very close to Commander and
Mrs. Booth. He concluded by saying,
"All woo are glad to see him say 'Amen.'" 1
Responses appeared to come from almost
every one present. The major's advance
to the front of 'he platform was greeted
with loud and long hand-clapping.
P"lw;mt to pay this right at the start:
There is no antipathy on my part to t.he
old movement, and I know from personal
contact with the commander what his
wishes are in this rfgard. H •■ desires
nothing to be said or done that might
injure the cause, and he sets the example
himself. [Applause.]
"I am not here to -eek any one to come
to us. We are . all volunteers, and who
comes must come of his own accord and
through his own convictions. No under
handed means will be employed. It is not
our intention to draw from the old organi
zation, but to recruit from the wide field
before us.
*'I am very sorry that misrepresenta
tions should have been made regarding
our cause and regarding Commander and
Mrs. Booth. If you believed all that has
been said you would certainly think they
have degenerated and fallen from grace,
and I therefore feel it my duty to vindi
cate them before the American people.
The commander's course has not been
actuated by selfish motives or by personal
ambition.
'•That the general should have said that
the commander had fallen beneath flat
tery- and temptation was a cause of great
surprise and sorrow to the commander
and his wife. But it is false and untrue.
"It was a great mistake and resulted
from false reports made by interested par
ties to the general, who should at least
first have investigated them before he
charged his son with wrongful ambition.
"The commander told the truth as
straight and strongly when the rich were
among his hearers as at any other time,
and n«ver sought to pandor to them."
"While things were in a state of unrest,
caused by the attitude of the general, it
I was urged upon the commander by many
Salvation Army leaders," explained Major
Blackhurst, "to assume the independent
I command of the American branch of the
! Army, but after a period of prayer
; he refused the proffered crown, as he be
lieved such a course would not be honor
-1 able or right." Continuing he said :
''People wonder what are the real issues
; in the case. Some seem to have an idea it
was a question of obedience. It was not.
- It was not a question of the commander's
unwillingness to leave lhis country. It
wa^ not a question of being a soldier, for
he had obeyed orders for years past."
The mnjor stated that a letter had been
1 sent to London by. Ballington Booth c^n-
t.iining a list of twenty-two grievances
which he desired to have remedied.
Booth's refusal to co to London, be added,
was not a resignation or a repudiation of
the old movement, but he felt he could
serve no longer in the cause until the
grievances had been settled.
"He had lost confidence in the general,"
he went on, "and in the international sys
tem of administration, and felt that the
arbitrary administration of the general
would not succeed in this country."
At great length and in detail be showed
the rlifW<; n( .e in the spirits of t lie people
Of KiiKland and of the United State*, ami
declared that the latter would not stand
tne ordering about and the domineering
of the Londo" office, while to the Ensjl:sh
Mich treatment, owing to the prevalence
of caste in Great Britain, was taken as a
matter of course. He closed with a clever
appeal to th<» feelings of right and liberty,
which he said were apparent in tbe Ameri
can, and begged for ihe support of his
hearers for the cause lie represented. Mrs.
Booth, he said, world probably make a
visit to the coast early in November next.
In order more speedily to organize the
work and get it established in the City
Major Bliickhiirst ha& decided that Staff
Capiain Gardner shall at once devote his
energies to the consummation of the
plans. The staff captain will taKe charge
of the post soon to be opened and is au
thorized to receive money donations for
this purpose.
It is proposed in connection with this to
organize a military training school, which
will also be under his supervision.
To accomplish this will necessitate the
expenditure of $500, and interested friends
— understanding it means a new start —
will kindly resr>ond. An estimate care
f illy prepared will be pre?entei!. Major
Biaeknorti will return in aboui two weeks
and formally open the post. He will then
permanemlv establish his battalion head
quarters In the meantime Staff Captain
Gardner will be found at 526 Kearny street.
«Mot<^t>V-A»»Un«"v
Judge Slack yesterday appointed J. ,T. Mack
assignee of D. J. McCarty, the Insolvent horse
man of "White Hat" fame.
HICKMAN TELLS
OF A COMBINATION
Story of the Druggist
. of the County
Hospital.
EXTRAVAGANT CHARGES
Ad Investigation by the Board
of Health Is Now
Under Way.
BIG SAVINGS COULD BE MADE.
Chief Engineer William Carson Says
the Boilers Are So O.d They
Are Dangerous.
W. N. Hickman. druggist at the City
and County Hospital, made some sensa
tional statements at tbe investigation of
hospital affairs that was resumed before
the Board of Health yesterday morning.
He was answering a running fire of ques
tions relating to the drugs and instru
ments Used at tne institution, and in ex
planation of the fact that last month's bill
for these materials was lower than those
of previous periods said that he thought
that the "combination" must have broken
up.
"What combination is that?" asked Dr.
Hart hastily, after a startled glance had
passed between the physicians.
"Well, I'm not certain," said Hickman,
"but I think it is between the wholesale
houses of Redington & Co., Meek & Co.
and Langley, Michaels & Co. These firms
usually alternate in securing the contract
for supplies,. which is let every month. Tt
has been the custom for two houses to put
in high bids, and the one whose turn it is
to get the contract is a low one."
"It looks prearranged, then, does it?"
asked Dr. Hart.
•'Yes, it does. Last month a couple of
Eastern houses put in bids. Ttiey were
about 7 pec cent higher than Mack & Co."
The talk of combinations did not any
further at this time, but the board will
delve deeper into :hc subject in the future.
The witness declared tne prices paid for
drugs are extravagant and t'lat 10 per cent
or more could be saved by buying in the
open market rather than under the pres
eni contract system.
"What was the entire expense of drugs
and surgical goods for tho hospital last
year?" asked Dr. Hart.
"About $9000."
"Do you look over all drug bills?"
"I do."
"Have yon noticed any extravagant
prices?"
"I have. Drugs have been purchased
far in excess of the market price. Bottles
and corks can be purchased at from 50 to
100 per cent less than was paid."
The witness then stated that excessive
prices have been charged for codeine, as
nigh as $3 50 to $5 an ounce having been
paid.
"Wtiat could you have bought it for'"
was asked.
The witaeH gave figures showing he
could h:i»e bought codeine from 50 to
60 cents an ounce less than tne figures
at which the City secured the drup.
According to the druggist's estimate he
could save about $5j a year on that one
article.
Carbolic acid, ground linseed, opium,
creosote, clinical thermometers, subnitrate
of bismuth, ether, chloroform and absorb
ent cotton were also mentioned as articles
on which a large saving could be made.
He believed that if he were given the
purchasing of the wines, liquors and
drugs he would make a saving of $1500 a
year at least.
William Carson, the chief engineer of
the hospital, testified that the coal received
was not only alwrps full weight, but some
time* over weight. No amount of ques
tioning could bring out any suggestion of
jobbery in the matier of coal.
Engineer Carson testified, however, that
the boilers ami pipe system were in a con
dition absolutely rian^eruat*, and on ex
plosion at any time would not surprise
niin.
ATE MANY SANDWICHES
Boys of the* Youths' Directory- Enjoy
_ an Outing . at Miller's.
The boys of the Youths' Directory en-
I joyed an all-day's outing yesterday under
the greenwood, near San Rafael, at Mil
ler's. The occasion was the annual excur
sion given to the boys by Miss Nora Sulli
van, at her own expense. * Over 100 boys
took advantage of the picnic, and all day
long played games under the trees, climbed
■ the ; trees," an. l :" wound 'up % with • a rous
ing j;ame of .baseball.-
Accompanying : the boys were Father
Crowley of -the Directory, ustice f Culli
nan, E. J. Herrin and Matt I. Sullivan.
. ..The boys ate sandwiches ->it out num
ber and drank ; - lemonade till they could
hold no more, and taking it all around,
had what they termed a prime good time.
I The committee on the c/rain* festival
did not meet last night atr the Directory,
but will \do'; so ; next v Thursday. ."- The ar
rangements for ) the festival to be held in
October /or '' the : benefit .pr,: the homeless
boys are progressing very satisfactorily.^
•-I II •
Nellie Putnam, widow of Jefferson E. Put
nam and administratrix of his estate, has sued
the United States Masonic Benevolent Associa
tion for $5020 due on policies on the life of
her de; eased husband.
A LINE DRAWN
ON CHINESE,
The Manufacturers Take a
Strictly White Labor
Stand.
THEIR NEW TRADEMARK
Those Who Employ Mongolians
Cannot Use It on Their
Goods.
THERE WILL BE NO EXCEPTION
It M-y Cause Trouble but the Asso
ciation Wil Not Go Against
Public S'.n'iment.
No member of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association who in any way
employs Chinese can use the association's
home-industrs' trademark on his goods.
This rdict went forth yesterday at the
meeting of the directors.
The trademark committee, consisting
of J. W. Kerr, A. Darnharn and S. H.
Tacy recommended the following rules
and regulations, which were adopted:
The trademark shall be permitted onlvon
articles ol California manufacture or produc
tion.
The use of the trademark shall be limited to
members of the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association of California in good standing.
License signed by the president and >i nested
by the seere Uiry shall be issued to members,
entitling them to the use of the trademark for
one year.
It shall be compulsory upon all members
using the trademark to put their name and ad
dress on the goods in conjunction with said
trademark.
Applications shall be made in writing by
members desiring to use the trademark, and it
shall be fully stated In said application how,
where aud upon what goods the use of the
trademark is contemplated.
Members found to be using the trademnrk
upon articles other than those stated in said
license, or on articles not of California manu
facture or production, shall be expelled from
the association and the license be canceled.
Any person or. persons found to be using said
truden.ark without license from this associa
tion shall be prosecuted according to law. ■ * *
It was J. W. Kerr who sprung the Chi
nese question by asking if the trademark
committee would be authorized to issue
the trademark to California manufactur
ers who employ Chinese in the manufac
ture of goods. H. J. Crocker suggested
that such a matter could be held in abey
ance for a time. This brought out M. J.
Keller, who said: "'I know where there
are several manufacturers who keep a few
white people for display purposes so they
can say that they emii.oy white labor,
while at the same time they have twenty
five to fifty MoneoJians doing most of the
work. This is not fair to tne public."
"That may be true," answered Mr.
Crocker, "but can we dictate to the manu
facturers as to how and Dy whom their
goods shall he made? We are treading on
delicate ground. By discriminating among
our members an*i by saying that this man
may use tbe trademark and that man may
noi I think rather savors of a boycott."
Mr. Keller asked if Mr. Crocker would
issue a license to use the trademark to a
Chinese manufacturer in this State, to
which Mr. Crocker answered that he did
not think that he would.
"What, tnei., is ihe difference, so far as
the principle is concerned?" asked J. P.
Currier, "whether we issue our trade
mark to awhi.e man who employs Chi
nese or a Chiuebe wno employs only white
b ip?"
Tne question remained unanswered,
but still Mr. Crocker wanted the matter
postponed, and referred again to treading
upon "lancerous ground.
A. Sbarboro said that the public long
ago decided tbe Chinese question, and it is
not politic for the association to encourage
Chinese labor in any way.
Mr. Keller introduced the following
resolution, which, after a little discussion,
was adopted:
Resolved, That the committee on trademark
of this board be instructed to refuse the
issuance of a license to any manufacturers or
producers who do not employ exclusively free
white labor.
And so the matter was settled, and
when the Manufacturers' and Producers"
Association's trademark appears on any
goods or wares the public may rest as
sured that neither Chinese nor convict
hands had anything to do with their
manufacture.
ABGUAL ALL DAY.
Attorneys ill the Becker-Creegan For
gery Trinl Talk for Hour*.
The entire day was consumed in argu
ments in the Creegan-Becker forgery case
in Judcre Wallace's court yesterday. In
the morning Attorney McPike opened for
the defense and was followed by Mr. Wil
son, the special prosecutor. Wilson made
a point of the finding of the new $20
pieces in tbe trunks of the accused.
Peter J. Dunne closed for the defense.
His argument continued all the afternoon.
Dunne roasted the Police Department nnd
made all sorts of fun of Captain Lees. His
remarks aroused much laughter in the
crowd in the courtroom. Among other
allusions to the chief of detectives be
compared him to an old godmother who
carefully watches over the evil children —
Dean aud MrClosker. Again Dunne said:
"These two men remind me of two little
STW TO-DAT.
Are you interested in
pure food, pure drink,
health, and prosperity —
your own and your neigh-
bors'?
If you. are, ask your
grocer for the money-back
tea — tea that the maker
thinks enough of to say:
"If you don't like it, take
it back to the grocer and
get your money."
Schillings Best tea. It
is pure and delicate and
strong and satisfying.
Japan, 50 cents
English Breakfast/ 60 cents
Oolong, 75 cents
Ceylon, 80 cents
Ideal Blend, $1.25
At your grocer's.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 824
HEW TO-DAY"
Poor
PilgarlicJ
there is no need for you
to contemplate a wig
when you can enjoy the
pleasure of sitting again
under your own "thatch."
You can begin to get
your hair back as soon
as you begin to use
Ayer's
Hair Vigor.
Alabama roons nursed and coddled by
old Mammy Lee 3."
Dunne bitterly attacked the testimony of
both Dean and McClosker and accused
them of perjuring themselves on numer
ous occasions. His opinion of the prose
cution's witnesses is best expressed in the
following doggerel, which he delivered
during his remarks:
Please, captain, let McClosker go,
I'll swvar he Wttn't in the sliow.
Then he will swear, when he is free,
Thut he was mixed up in forgery.
I'll take the stana and swear the same,
And that will lv our little game.
You needn't fear, I'm pretty cute,
And as for Mac, why, he's a beaut.
The ju-y'H believe all things we say,
And Creeg and Bccker'll cross the bay.
This morning Assistant District Attor
ney Black will close the arguments and
the case will go to the jury.
_ _r* . ■ .. . (.. f, .
Patrick Donahue, alias Donovan, was de
tained at the Ciiy Prison last ni?ht by Police
man Eskew on a charge of grand larceny. He
is accuseu of stealing a gold watch and chain
from Frank Spies last Saturday nieht while
Spies was intoxicated. Donovan has two ad
ditional charges to answer— one of burglary
and the other robbing— which were placed
acainst him on Monday.
NEW TO-LAT- AMUSEMENTS.
miCDLAnDtftGOTTIOD » n>. usiCjAnafWiwcm-"
SENATOR I CAPTURED
WHITE I THE CONVENTION
'^"- "~~ JUST AS —
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
HAVE CAPTUHED THE CITY
With Their Delightful Performance of
LONDON ASSURANCE.
Monday next— "THii CHARITY BAIL!"
as everybody clamors lor It.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
iiita. .cKjiiiaTi^rK jCkku.vo. Proprietor it .itaui£*c
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hineichs.
—TO-NIGHT- Gounod's Tragic Opera
"ROMEO~A^
BERTINI-HDAIPHRYS. RUSSELL, CABATI.
MICHAELENA. RAFFAEL, ABRAM.OFF,
PACHE, BOVCE, NAPOELEONI, TOO-
KER in the Cast.
To-morrow Evening— "LUClA."
Sunday Evening— ''ROMEO AND JULIET"
; NEXT WEEK— "RIGOIiETTO."
Popular Prices— and 503.
"r'WSATRE' PROP*.
ONLY 4 TIME, MURK.
L. R. STOCKWELL'S
p i L n^n R s AMERICANS
Mr. Herbert Ket,cey, a Ij~D/~\ a T\
MISSEFFIF.SHAX.VOS i\- 13 itU AD
And the Star Cast.
Every Evening This Week. Matinee Saturday.
NEXT MOXUAV Presenting a Magnificent
MR. FRKD'K Warde, (Spectacular Production
MISS RO-«E ciH.HLAN Of
&L. K. STOCK WELL'S r\ A T>\jfl?TVT
placers, , OAxvMJiiJN
Popular Prices will prevail. Seats now ready.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALUII MOROaco. Sola Lenses anil Jtfaa*<4:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian,
JULIS WAIiTEKS
In His Up-To-Date success, •
jOl. nvtozNTiErsr ouxjeh.:
Supported by the Pick of Our Company.
AN INSTANTANEOUS and ENORMOUS
SUCCESS I
r.VKSTSf Pnii-Ld— 2sc and 510.
Family Circle and Oallerv. 10c. '
Usual 3launee< Saturday and Similar.
O'Farrell street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, July 6.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
COLLINS & COLLINS.
THE ROSSOW MIDGETS,
THK FRKDERHKS TROUPE,
89 HIGH-GRADE ARTISTS! 29
LAST WEEK OF
BILLY VAN and the STEW ART SISTERS.
I Reserved Seats, 'Jsc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
and Box Seats, 50c.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Greatest Bill Ever Given In the City !
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA!
AKAOON, Queen of Wire Walkers. '-"..'
BISSERIETTA JONES, the "Black PattL"
• PROF. MACART'S BABOON. DOG
AND MONKEY CIRCUS, and the
MARLO-DUNHAM FAMILY.
ADMISSION CENTS.
Children, Including Merry-Go- Round Ride, 5 cents.
J>utw fSafe
GRAN CONCERT EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING THIS WEEK
BY GAULIOSK BAND.
-SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS DAILY.—
ADMISSION—
Adultn, lOc Children, 50. : .
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS,
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1. 1896, THE
Spring ' Valley Water Works • proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in tils city -as are . supplied with its . hydrants, i
Written applications for wßter are to ; be made : at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
pror>ose to erect on th*- seawall, between Howard
and Mission 'streets. .Ships lying In , the stream •
will be informed at the above olllc ■, a: tne time of
making such applications,* from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. KeasocabO
notice must be given in all cases, and application!
will be filled at the. earliest? convenience, between 1
tne hours of 7 a. si. and & p. m. dally,* Sundays and
holidays ; excepted, unless specially contracted :
olhorwUe
By order of the Board of Directors.
, PKLHAM W. AMES. .Secretary.'
FOR SALE TO BE REMOVED.
fIIWO housks, 10 rooms 'and bath EACH. -
X * Sacramento street, between Van Ness avenue ' '
and Franklin. Cheap. -■.gSmstmmm^mssm^
. G. H. UMBSKN <t CO., 14 Montgomery street
78
MERCHANTS TAKE
UP THE TAX LEVY.
The Association Looks Into
the City's Business
Affairs.
MONEY CAN BE SAVED.
An Estimate of Appropriations
That Would Leave a
Surplus.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS NOT KEDUCED.
Big Cuts Can Well Be Made in Nearly
All of the Other Mnnicipal
Departm°nts.
An important meeting of tbe Merchants'
Association was held yesterday, the fol
lowing directors beinz present: F. W.
Dohrmann, A. S. Baldwn, Charles Bund
scho, James S. Conwell, W. G. Doane,
William Doxey, A. Fusenot, Hugo D.
Keil, Manfred S. Kohlberg, Henry
Michaels, R. F. Osborn, M. A. Eothcbild,
Joseph Simonson, Vsnderlynn Stow ar.d
Frank A. Swain, and J. Richard Freud as
Secretary.
The date of tiie convention for the adop
tion of the new charter was fixed for
"Wednesday, August 5, in the assembly
hall of the Mills building. There will be
delegates from all the improvement clubs
of the City, and the convention promises
to be of a most representative character.
It will be called to order at 8 o'clock in the
evening
It was decided by the board to send five j
delegates to the convention of improve
ment clubs as follows: Messrs. Charles
Bundschu, James 8. Conwell and M. A.
Rotbchiid from the board of directors and
Messrs. M. H. Hecht and G. H. Umbsen
from the members at large.
The following sixty-five firms were
elected to membership, mating the total
of the association 570.
Leviscn Bros.; Ahr>el A Bruckman; The Ed
ward P. ALis Company ; Ashton A Gardiner;
Buder A Fincke; Frank Barnard: Bayle, La
costu &. Co. ; G. J. Beeht; Brown iMetzner;
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company;
John Center: K. Chevalier <feCo.; l. E. Claw
ton j; Co.; Conrad) & Goldberg; J. M. Curtis & ''■
Son; Cyclops Iron Works; Walter E. Dean:
.Dempster & Sou; A. C. Dietz «fc Co.;
Fisher Packing Company: Fiisbie, Ris
don «fc Co.; J. K. Fugazi <fc Co.;
Aiiiie (iiry: Golden Gate Woolen Manufactur
ing Compiny; W. R. Grace & Co.; Greene
baum, Weil & Michels; A. I. Hall <jc Son; Hal la
iV Co.; Haslet »fc Hailey; Hay & Wright: C. P.
Heininger tc Co.; Mort Hepburn & Co.; F. Hil
lsulKeyser; Kittle & Co.; Louis Kiiue
tt Co. ; W. J. Lowrv <fc Co.; Stewart Hensies &
Keyerneld, Mitchell & co. ; Lewi* Meyer
stein; New York Life Insurance Com
pany; Pacific Pine Lumber Company; Parite
<v Lucy Company; \V. M. Patterson Company;
H. Pl&getaann&Co.; Politzer &. Co.; Benton,
Holmes A: Co. ; Reiss Bros. & Co.; Rix Corn-
Air Machinery Company; San Fran
cisco Business College; San Francisco Iron
Works; Jonas Schoenfeld; Seegelken &. Buck
rer; .Siebe Bros, i Plagumann; Sm<dberg &
Mitchell ; James A. Snook & Co. : John F. Snow
A: Co. ; J. St. Denis >* Co.; T.ituni & Bowen ;
Charles M. Volkman; William Walker; Sol
Wangenheim & Co.; Welch & Co.; Wlllard
Bros.; Wolters Bros. <fc Co.
The most important matter was the con
sideration of the tax levy for 1896-7. The
committee upon tmblic affairs to whom
this subject was referred at tne previous
meeting is composed of well-known busi
ness men and they gave much time and
attention to it. Their report was exhaus
tive, and by its contents it was shown
that tne affairs of the City can be carried
on in a creditable mnnner if the levy is 97
rents on the $100 instead of $L 56>^[, as it
was last fascal year, a matter of no small
importance to every one who holds prop
erty in San Fraucisco.
In order to prove the truth of their as
sertions the committeemen presented an
intimate of municipal expenditures for the
year, arranged by departments.
After discussing the report for several
hours the directors registered their in
dorsement and directed the secretary to
send, the report to the Board of Super-
Visors. The report is as follows:
ft the President, and Board of Directors of the
Merchant*' Association— Gentlemen: Your com
mittee upon public affairs herewith submits
iv special report upon the tax levy for the en
suinc tiscal year beginning July 1, 1896 and
ending June 30, 1597. A careful examination
of the appropriations for the City Government
during th^ past fiscal years, as well as the
present requirements of the municipality, has
resulted ia the preparation of the list of esti
mated appropriations herewith annexed. The
total of these appropriations for the ensuing
li'cal year amounts to $4,945,605. The Auditor
estimates the revenue oi the City outside of
taxation at $1,452,580. The Assessor has re
turned hifc assessed valuation o: all real and
personal property at S?3tio.32G,o3l.::Therefore
a tax rate of $1 on the $100 assessed valuation
wou d give the City a revenue from taxation
of $3,603,260. This amount, together with the
revenue from other sources, will give a total
income of $5,055,840. Consequently our esti
mated list of expenditures for 1896-97 would
leave a surplus of $110,235 on a tax rate of $1
on the $100 assessed valuation. In explana
tion of the appropriations set forth in the ac
companying list we beg leave to submit tne
following comments and conclusions:
Municipal expenses. — Municipal expenses
should be diviaed into two distinct ana sepa
rate heads. First, current expenses, compris
ing those expenditures necessary for the main
tenance and conduct oi the City Government;
second, extraordinary expenses, comprising
those expenditures necessary for permanent
improvements. Under the head of current ex
penses may be grouped salaries, supplies, re
pairs, renewals, utilities, suca as gas, water
and electricity; educational matters, police
and fire protection, public health, including
fetreet sweeping, and cases of urgency.
Current expenses— The foregoing divisions
of current expenses embrace all matters per
taining to the operation and maintenance of
the City Government. The expenditures neces
sary for these current requirements of the City
should be paid out of tbe yearly income of the
City arising from general taxation and reve
nue from other sources. These current ex
penses of the cay Government, therefore, form
a correct part of the annual tax levy, and we
believe sufficient appropriations to meet them
have been made in the table of expenditures
herewith submitted.
Extraordinary expenses— On the other hand,
extraordinary expenses are for necessary pub
lic improvements of a permanent nature,
such as a new end perfected sewer system,
general repaying of the streets, park improve
ments on a large scale, ownership ot water,
gas, and electric light; telephone, telegrapu,
• railways and other public franchises.
Tnese valuable improvements and acquisi
tions require large outlays of money. They
arc naturally as much if not more beneficial
to posterity than to the present tr.xpayers of
the City. They should not, therefore," be lev
ied wholly upon the taxpayers of to-day.
These expenditures shonld be extended over a
number of years, so '.hat the future may just
ly bear a portion of the expense.
Bonding the City— The constitution of Cal
fornia provides for such permanent improve
ments by enabling the city to issue bonds
covering a period of forty years. The new
charter oi Sau Francisco will furnish a cafe
method ana ttie necessary machinery for
mrrying out these great public improvements.
It will thus encourage the citizens and tax
payers of the City to vote for the early Issu
ance of bo: ds for these purposes.
■ stimaies— The estimates herewith sub
! nave been carefully and impartially cal
culated. It is believed they are liberal and fair
tttes of the limit ot expenditure* in each
department. No doubt in many instances lur
ther rejuctions could be made without im
pairing the public service. It will not be
necessary to take up each item separately, but
j our committee deems it advisable to explain
•a.- o'io.TAl nalu.-e ur tiio railhidtoh*. slid Hi
U'.-ociur.. -.-!,• Tflhi'v •:•• ex-npiinnal ur largo
lv saaXXpoiiAltoisir.ssti xhtmiu^^AßSßsa-jaw*
S*.lajle*— TJnilnit Clin >*»-. Usual year til, tSQsi.-
I O'HX ssp • |.'i! in latlari. by tJiii LYtf..*."iidUiit-
H|f Irnttt ij/is AßlOUJL'l fr>*faT.tjt>o ior tearUior* In
ton. pwidio fa-b.w.'ji, syjAsOOiJ for 'the rpolld
hn*o4, s*j?c;,oi>i t.xr ilfoiat-o; £lt» t.ooo lor I*l>or
'ft tj'Ud«:o tisli* x**it Arid: "-r^.o<».l for l*\bur otp
tAe Iwifilff *Iri"«h,rri#rv«llH ivsistn- fttT.'i.'MV
Sa ifiv. *»JSri#( r»»id toofuufoh audrl«iLt lolhe
•rile - — - ' "^7* C'islil"j^fi,'Mskyj*]p*J
'.tl»rh»-,l.it ruroß.-Jjii . rjajjaimiliou of low
"it., lUkja ill'k ..ct.i.f on will iiloaCU tilOW tUSMtI
ruti'-.s n't Brut otcro c|..t*j ore uojpto.'od 'to
are rrmiiy iKos-iuvrr. tussAUUi tana curls so*
riitMs-hi Hi »-«u<-« uf no ti.'n-io (-sine tv Xlic
• "f.uhll'i Alt 111 In.'- lo.s-a lasejpd ul "rl-» tr."
pattortultu*. the S*evl'. tbalnuesflett ml|ht
i" Ii da .„ " .'
tUMluiM.lntPW.lt. I* asfo tft ttjv 'i'-i » fdassatk.
lUiXu efsj-crttoo XII Qjfc "BXtDabor OJ/«hTk*V , «s)
ivyix as. in xao x-st^-ot «uXTiPorcs.'Joii. 'mmd
»."»* Mop ••iu-.v, uhOOl liTrpuirtucjil ot jirrri<*JC.
Ik» li-MtsLiii.ooo mv, snnum. Alia»cirtb. *6Ai
ba;i4iMiiniJi«u»l;i "aiiii"siA*pk?liTii-rit. tiroktOi X.l
tink*r*jr.;oii nuiuoerti! tdari-avnit tiu-ir v-im-
PitllaiAlor,, II jr uni lnejidßlncf'-'n Xfos hoadaot
ilttiuMiin.siit*, uu r*r*rcji tilt j-.ixluiuin. hue ro-
i!ur-4Tur "llietvdlttircol ihv lßepa.ye.iai uf law
Kly sftnubi tirsnnpt.rjj'Jtu locus-ate jro inure
••if 'L* . in) oar to biciier er/mpsuao'lO'l than
iftm*fjy xuecoxtary in v^xm ili-j umles ul
ftToUteliadtlA"*U<t>»r:tiieOtL .
""Of-oli".— .M ."•.'•rdl.-ic Xj« ,!,.■ Ali'lttn:'* riji.r*t
In i-o innuuflptl rspufls m' Hi" p«l flao.st
J***, ijßM,i*jn una paftl tnr surtjuAcs- and
inßttaplal tot Hip City •...'•:;.' .•jarul*,
Maisy.h* rr*vrtt*d Otar.i'ua 01 tr noes tin! liuf
!l* »upplto». fcoij ttxuHf hd a\ Ibv low\'ltm«r|cnl
Vitrei apcciOicd' to » JarruconauriteL. p,tuty
|..:r.'«i'i t-0.a.-..- MUs di the. liltt *fo not
1 >Vdi»«aToiAsl, |'»l<l p-0rnpll). . iriinU onr-
if, l,, v| snpTiUi'-. and nifilerh.l ftir cbu ilt
parOiasois oT the City yitrttnnien; wuilld'savti'
the Cail .no lKltrV*r..tutb. *?uX,u1 '. ,l. aunuiti,
Aprv-tK-r sxt.iio 01 r.'j.-"'a>iiie (ttpnlii'i uud
iAi.:i'ii.,iih.;.ijoi U oor.pi«d, Ounfiutntul ft
llrrr, apoa)tnte*l to rpcCJsjJv tu>srin*.uud tfta
i.'.iTCLil'il'l Of AIL aljofj' |..-» li>l Hit' CJIV Iki'tllit
• ■'le.n. •-. jtld-iraDfo aaViln-, US WwH Bs. in • un
lit i- in;. itioc tjuiilily ul at. *i.p|ihc* fitriilkheil.
f-'ii:;* fitnt if.. i >o itAf iiu'.-'it — Ju :hc es|n.'udlr.
lorea lit tfit- depLVTine T it'a.*oea»ouuhli» sevliftj
*a»i U. IXtrrdjr Jiy >rpiVlr;il,M3CoUi*ci.UOJJoiuf>
!lJ|.r->ti'tU>."»»» tvTforainrl I»V* the PUIOrtUf ARd
6viju^*iJujrr* c-xiK".*. •i»u.i^..uri»ojTi!rr'orU;rstHr
in in.ut, : i u_<. . f,*: insip. !f,,,l .folitlili tt Wlttftt.
t-*i" laal fou i-'.is.. I'lOrluOslU Xlis' J,*.t ii. cat
;vi I *..ir im»l eiprnv" ill ilm* i".'potl'.'r» una
•,'il,i>*io in |i*s» CI P..OIISr Woßrwiot'lihil
tu(wt;pi'd loot lYrr ("fores** for ti«»*ft ssTvntvrs
(rrrrijlil ».if Uow (tiOf<jl r*Ji,i,i(Ai.i.Sttu. HDiivUht
' 4JLr WllUlbOsO-Op.iiaUvUVXUicJUdtjoi olifiL
*i'K"l. i i -uira.l HT.iH tr.il <rnuc.-il sllU li
lOuhiX «uiru unit u>l TTta pdrp**^, Ttieuihv:
lllk-r.l -.-iliiini.oi* mail-. In ,".'*« tlena."
v* Iti'llttv-ari,' fikriy uakrtauir.L
i..-?nrfni i octv^t'TPuyit*— -Dor rcducxieii* xn»do
luAjbe«,td«'o*J'itilfUii*iPvrn txe AprTol'rtiAtlOtri
r»l u)it»ot.c utuMiol MpM. l' oornparunß will*
iotassu *vl"a aaol Bio. pn-Wiht tsi|uliviiu>iif*..
Ilia. V -Ii"»ii'«: r-.-Cl)n|n..p* i.P ..loir H. Ho: ilßirca
id Ho. Ctmat-rCforlc, lbs Uosoat Oolicoioi and
Ihi: tl"isn„»:. Th.* CYiunVr 1 i. irrlt a oil • ....
sotiOtini^l- for jf7ii.fy"7 in ' lint iV-col lnir
-te^ft-AiOs. VYr ttiiuie Ut6i rt'ovo p*r rxioiiin is
ffTtix.fo. toT tot* tvnnhic'.oi ttils ottlae. Th?' ap
fiTTiptlJiiw.ii foi ti-u l>..nso O.Uw.mr in liin
roan YKW-ttA and al£IM-115 iMisf---t,€<H>. A
''i:'.'ai niL.-iop» rjiend ul (I*l* ulTliti. will pro vo
:liu| iloauti«*iki«at*jliill* ii|icr.Ueilal jmi »3
-• > -.illl.r « *.*l,\ll*l J»f *UIkUU.. .'.lt iia.ulkJl.Onll.iltl
hi flitiwui ier^ulecsa yd *itC.u<Kord<C'AVlH«ll|or
'd»m.uf**faiti itysj ija i # ajtTj.ro call b* concilia ted
|fW*ji|i'i"Mi. «-v'c 'it r thosra9oTtni.il led pyßic
lltst t- i ..injfj^",..i 01 L.'i'- Jo „-d oi Ctlpne
*.T>CtTw"-Tai» t» «'-v ti-fii" 01 Aln'fa-j.ColL.'euja'v
Otftnvj iwva't'ia'.li •vs.iiiinvlila-ahXs.'ani't b ere so-
WTw T-tioiii'.l try .Ms «dnew bns oocu vtiiij*.
ie.ap-»J In I h« A sai^aav * tVpor iw-str*.
f!Jt JJfTa.e'm-lß'- A' erwrflsj- *rp|Yr*vpjlsjUoTX
vras voroir !u ijMjiirit jJ»s:ftl-TAAi eJocuXaUfcrt,- |o
t'vilA'W tor jvocaxMyy ,i*>o«rutas.-Qa*r *act
POupV. fric erri'a.'.A»»oJ-l1 o'.rJUti Urwe »;nmiiil
trifitMliiPi' It i-jMSbn. Oil --!..'» '.*lt k'onilr..- Da-
V-*4 /i*-ti' r>'Obt^-|fl> turiajluiUtret JJrlliria
luuasf?p*ui io> jHirOjXiiY .
Hcr-tw. Dc'^.ieaiinat— Tin-* Ibb ooJc" tie
t*»n«irr:tlt»'Atli-r''i w» bsrol'Cllt'slcn-ITrtS'oUS
r.f pTv-rfoT>!ov.rfirdv|rj7t|f», It b** t«et> Uejni<rt
dTialed or ij,. Uo>r.t ot Oeslm trial • 116 a
aiUtM BltUll tonal *rd.ruhn*rio<i mrtsiti Assha
«"■• tlui.ri>Veui-f.l» in if..' lUillo • I' ...v5.,,,
til trio v'tty ilsu ho stTsKtel. A 'lunitcp oi i-.ftu
!• II'III loaluciiir* ap|it a I v to Ijj UP.:t"»' I%'e
'iieWi».ii reeuQjtn'uil t-iai lo*» ytrntVi ippro
liriclnin htr Hie Health' BrpefuikrTcil ial iYi»
*:rr**ol «d Hl-'tiO Tfjuf ity *d)nud ceruaiy
riavo a.uttitr' JunAßiiniw *pajaa-,.n^a. <■„
k '• Ml"t'.' raColilinrlM XAsX " C"- tnoaX^n, a-, •.. ,
|.|jf-ik. 1., nurofir.ieo , for v fitui, im » ,r.rr wilt.
"i-tr "|iiJ>'iiiVlit «.-i t iitMnt'i-o-lict *tt» tii^i ..f
f-000 1* iipcrOpr-il-'it. Tlio fjcsemur Ho>
liilai U niiji'lt In itacit id s-cvv-rv-I'snja.f) 45,.
•(iPUVtmunii Bftiloa lui'intiL" a! : -l"i.*J IS r<o
|iT».Xolltla*it t
roT*akVV*wmirs.(rej'\ *tiuoroa.— Your iAu,rai*-
Vvi, IXUIC rr «vii * TO*- QUuIJ odAkUlhaSiat, MIIU til
ti£ x»f aXXSiur atsHiXOCc n»*A*utty id tiavlu*;
(JUlsOCn till] Tiiiiiil.il |u\ .riieittt. 'R't iff
'.ciitili An IAvo» kil", vnpwttiit* Xlin-r Mrni!**, nn
IVaCt-Xaas afrti'uir-wfiliui liatru tiot twen <OU>
jdi)lM*i. tvii'X vn. rvi.hse tiisUetucud ot viienjn.!
aetai* aos) taa jftS ai* l.»r I/, . f*tni I*l*l i\* IJUO Ooli>
J lit.alMllX V,r j'e.liif ..I in. doWCtrArffr POfUur.
\ rt| C.v>ry, aVikW, foiteinuo njoX i'ptt itneu Ahfl
f Jb'^nrvciil.u'aJioi.xJjosiotx ail yoiscio *t*«tL
| AVkVO?ri*o^. l LT;tiTOr.oArVt*ai*, , i'nC Mkttat *(rtv;,
LUX vrciro».si»on-t6f Wi»aliuTi "'.l ,-ahi.i -ma r«r
*.. Ula"Ulil •." i.'li.el tu'M.tluu a» n II | h.- u.c-w
Uil'l'.'i'.iil d.( 'bl* \ii.i., *Tof, li.TTofota. no
• .Is"., c lfis j'.-»krm;<» itik-ni id • . ujui'ii IU it AS • lilt i
to tl .1* T"l U.-.sil I. if rtilup.tuu 0i1... nuw AJlftr
Jf»f, nU'ii tin.' :icj" .in tiriiuini lltii tt
tot^jCt ity bt.nd: 10 • pArcbii. hn a 'unn'iilau
*»utr tr«irs>- *tud pvitasnout n»cinii m
XDct #ITtj4«Sa Fe»Xlr *Xl Cr IUIS WUrki.-alia 1
Bl la.- all i"ll"i I'vCA. Oi i. .lmiiHt oai ute.
•XOOJu .ISdt liuU. |te-.ipur». • oi.ra MO.I euiidntla
na r - |i-tO hlXd,. »v: 'lila ■ -a. on, ss. aoaro"
mat not n\Cn tnan w i , *>i.*..i be <|iprotiriAU'<i
filf rei-alrlro- p.iol TfiisvTlie BCi*r)i|Cil *tr-.-ta
doVlne the orA* os«i4t ?»a« I ber* was appro-
XirtstrxlUuriue tlie inti fi*cA* v/ar * loO.ch'io for
sixctf sriicepJuV ijj.j rLrta*isT'ntiKiiur. ut utiich
|t wr.*i-nEJaraiAß»Hd to (XaTßd.r.ul.wetiii tr*2*),ofK>
and .Y^iOo».» tars aeasi ipßrd:iinuv *lh*ie 0.-.
l"iaf, lio t..l.ttXll.iii '".oiio. tooii-ro:. T.i'd lllf»
• '.-,-■ . «r-.'iaidio3l dl tbo f-iil Of ir.r. f\**-« . >. t,;.
Klpawiin-ui*.: aprltisllnv voodituied 1 6*
' Jl»;nl)»nl»" /..aiiela.l'ill lia« ll.ili.iiiaiTr.i.;-! |j, »i
♦he suiu ot p*. 1 o.OOv) w IB tit •« ffn" i rti I x/i rpx ih tl *■
• iut;t;J;.,!.i'i iii.oi !• :„.» otitis dvnw and
paibl fur iiy toy 0.-wicj. inrs at a iiOirol mure
tlisu dioiv.O^osptOt/txzix: vie aiiir. r-is- nuc
tl.ar ft-., J'o.ifO. ol nopsLrti.or* inß in*n';.| tbt
•p»ou).s»ihin* tor*traeiaki»* , rtli''P ore*e*u e .iAs,o
tin- 1'" .1-eTinnli' AoQci'sriioi, nm His I ',by .7kf>
tra-i a ul i.» v.l ku. •kic-.ltiy as r nui hi* for.
tl-.ta* yOl k '»- Imfp Pv'...!r,roL"i'lad ybol iliVs.OipO
1 f*-' Bjiprnorlairti. |he( fiotjjie ttaobiliiniuoit osi
IUC VIdUL Ibs'prlali-rni aytl«tao£ll|-C'.XS«vaijih.
BiJtc*'ift-eor.>psr)i*nijiijutA)ia..4. -.---
hast.*. At.d pn'fllia »rt"U"h--TJa<rr Uan «3
-pnx.yUtiiMwootstU»sXt'da£i.a b| iftl situaeiis
as UW X»oq«y»TaJnt uv.'ii'«'nilc-ri tj*,.i-,, : e
La#t joty .uto upbroprlaifuu v i*,:hro.tX/ii, tiyi
XU-vUw Ot Mo- irnofnl iti'yirr.atDU ..ud ibo .k't,
roiul- u-rr-irlljr U t ivoo.or.iv, ■ we- m!» ivo ym
Ulsr k,,n.'Pvii:ii'ii.iir. J*ac» Arts iwkri. *>»rtxhrca*d'lCl
tri.'iO.hOO, wLiuli |. the asjr.r est bo Auditor's
s'»i.fnrtie This Jmi.nuii. »»(• r.j'1,,,1",, -», id, 1,,,
sumt-fen* loTirturt v* p:ot-.j rj*ir.i-.Ji*nt-i
t.liuuiJTL :: rr...t t-icir. KJtau. OlThw Curryhir
otsiiol •im* oi ijj/' Cora n*A*tuPre trnprnvc
tKtjjt* rourrtmrgax^d- hy-tlie *iamu.i*«looae»
M« t'.tl..va tiill *tJi'"if,t -..111 i.lasi |i...k«-l in tnr
i- Haiti.) TiOiiiL-sroi ofael.-ti' ato B^biain |hf>
par' Mhioii arriejy taaeli deaircil.
-pttbUo tptlrtlfiftj-.Tyrißnr Xlift-nMV-il>i»i
TCdt r*iA.7Oo; vifc*' •pnroiiriaieil tor jiililin:
serrtOerlxx'tlxeCHy.ttAll. This otaoum dtisiri
l*.Tviir*i'co#**Tvsi; aufllo (letv.ot tile laot that
xhe.vliy ... la HO' i.-t-t , le»l, lor M , ;,;'.'. ',',",
»*s rei'pauaeud lu*t,!t Vt radUDud. onejsoall,
.wbicb tyuvniotsunuajjlysnlutasm lo perform
list wioja TOTornrriTA.
X'afciw uowucrtttcrai,— a due I inn of **ji)00
l«f«a7lXu*ijeildeC. : '-neb -;.t Hie Counts Jailt,
fO f Bin r'Mii'f.'th»ltliclnucokcd BppfOPfIAUOTX
adloo/^i at? Ifofcliti IA-'f uninnut wtUeiltibtetn*.
fitsaioi »i*i**?iat9iifAMi(i Bjo oi ty Hi SL-atirlne
U'.'tlw sod Ulieftt-vr (upj.llcs /6r vontie la*;llie
t *t ii i « p^t«sj»AS«rs(jgyary , ~<?¥***s/r~~7*'~~y*Ar I
-itA* SJifJ trriric luh'.-rris pr*«>i,l two
Fra.es* .",-.■. ior JvsMlnc -the ct :* een'vxs
JUCOMIOX tLU jeaf, Trta wjolrsvi tmJVtll*-*.
lo* • /Dlr.laoin Of AtOO' ..id a mtOfuutti of
i»""W» . a. LtuikS, and a in.u.iL'. htlifalsiurAO
tal-'Hli/Uta.- In Uia-euit'ir »*t (hfiui sipif in •: dv
f.-lie. fur ?*> Is, IT rr-jjl* rair BXAUtXot »«iCo
lamp olid »Xi wnl s mm toibt lux •anil •oeutrie
AVufisyt*, fjudet H|ia stiMiaTTUient IKt; **Ar's
sp"iefej.rt»aiinu •itt?ji«iuou a»*as'a-:riaatli»T3 abd
;i,: f!o' n,i. ttii.pfa lv mr;.ii« lor" |k*vo
•»rri* CtCrcnjUlST-tlUk' uriue ' c.T.fvreJ the
Plxr ior XLttt, Uis*«nsr»C\t.ir *ii rt vns lbox Xi |
J* tiry tXiliOli f.li oe» tiian vhelium:*t ftoArto to '
pr.iv kii- anioii.ii,i»r«. -si?tf,rpitior. Jt IS fsal
ktu.au Bt*J in.if *ps ■snort as* lamps tna.i
tii'iOMAJj. lii uißjiy jntUibftriJOlh-ka* alul
tjdm.trii-. Us. It It rkse ViOBTPU JinA Ul Clin .tl Ul*.
Xni. .«*,lt„„ „r ||j|, tsn.n (110. II*. Al pre,, oil
nya* ea* rur'" is Arac.oiiiir.va tv itn- city,. Tilaa*
uuiitd h» "arrphscirtMy :i»tnt(Bit.' .alvUniHuiniis
SiiAliafs-mspii •jrintldalah.s savivir tnlKtiV V
• n ~'L** |n.lD< «Bt OX,ltif.||vcilieiirty.niirt
<kvv 1/ierefotW n.t<>xauiuu4i|iat i)i. HcntloJ dl
• i "f^if- 1 * l " »lu>pirinh.l'iOaJ (III! tne
0r.1,1 'tt Ol t'ttliUVXnfidliur* wHlllli satf.tKKl;
I '" 'JltseCCffi.-rajiirißiirenri IfXXSBiA'I IlutSst
ITkOSSkOI tt>» (AM th*|rsvtur mlunt Im UllinMiasit
111. rl x . v'u '* u '. * nrf * ,vr » «x-T**vflt»il by ii. a fins
trrinLcloTlt; minla nrß,pn»»hl*U in Hie iir/niii
'M.-..1.1 Inn,! .si,, T , ij, 'fts-parta . tiafe ta. sm»
jCuivd U» wfooli i f< it vuri tjilßretta*— e.
, 'W aUfS.^iVi rv-JTri fOaJXt U Sliil pca-lbfo "ot*.
dot.rwlst^t.fNmitxistsiiJa* An ui*.t*>o raa\ii.
nun |v tt,* larto iliurv-.W TAUn: ivr
noutcJAwl xnan-vast tit I%'Jlfoil B.» •nnrs>
j.r\.ii*ro *•* v*>tl.O*sj „ l*jil.;'i,u •»,**
• (V.V.'UV,-. IXV> Vrfl*. iiiam fc SfAb IQdiatit "»%
ti.an fvi.TSuaj-tev ii. f, Pr.mi gt'tiTiwrvhnrs
jxoc n to u> pr^u riiey, iVnii.i^u,,. Qt non
•txtouiii. t^is Ifiiwrs-a . , "* lOtl-i- 'i" t*• tin,
XJtua apAXi. Ifia irriunil : UfAL IX whild rs.!o,>i
oorii-|A.4iaiii(.dy tb> toe ovv-A rmm* raifw
yoisvi*. Tut rate yot ."%tor B Rxro in UoV
.Vuavy an./) toca |0j<..(./l v iU' In Ju^, in ttst no
r»-flo.'i'r\ik Uj**.»i*.aT.niOi'ii)»Wiiu fnr-Tienu Oiu~i
tav vrer.rjtov*nj,i.;.ltix If.unwsi flvr»lT€»S. "llim
aoUHfonof ttir «'»' vi t'lMuiiivru r*n)i ss'u.nui.
.i*±t todtAvii^-aUt vi'ow* mOy t-r-tii* ai> a,w
nUrtD- H* uif> v>af*v *ilT<r<r 4 <<AXtU Oi* rofre..
-.'•lt -I tlif, new .f-wTtsrltu cu-}»i*ii)'»ne*;tw
aiUl'p*>iiwr-«iai,iT.t|itTj'i*,iß tw p*o|td**T lrv> *xi
• hmni HiwCliv lo apa/ian IX* oVilw alnr-wors*.
aii*i/oH*ii»iiur--\g./ruriniUlXXaw \* ol Ifoi
j opinion ti. xaarit dxuu to* psrc-^Aiy m Uit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
City and County for any Fish and ' Game
Warden, .. and, therefore, recommends the
omission ot any appropriation for that official.
Halving increased the appropriation for the
Health . Department, we believe that the ex
amination of insane persons should bo con-"
ducted under the supervision and at the ex
pense of the Board of Health. By the exercise
of reasonable economy, the expenditures for
stationery and printing can be reduced to
$18,000 for . the next fiscal year. The Audi
tor's estimate for $24,000 for the urgent neces
sity fund is recommended by your committee.
Tax rate.— During the past ten 'fiscal years,
the tax rate for City and County purposes has
never exceeded $1 07 on - the $100 assessed
valuation, except in 1887-88, when it was
nearly $1 15, and in the past fiscal year when
it exceeded the exorbitant rate of $1 56. It is
unfortunate, but true, that San Francisco has
not prospered during the past decade. In
1887 the population of the City was esti
mated at 830,000, while it is now estimated
at 350,000, showing the slight increase of only
20,000 inhabitants. The assessed valuation,
however, of all real and personal property in
the City has increased from $227,000,000 in
1885-86 to $360,000,000 in 1890-97, showing
an increase in valuation of fully $133,000,000.
This large increase of itself gives the City an
increased revenue of $1,330,000, at the rate of
$1 on the $100 assessed Valuation. This sum
should be more than ample to cover the in
creased expense attendant upon the expansion
of the City and the building up of its suburbs.
Your committee is, therefore, fully convinced
that a tax rate of $1 on the $100, with the
other sources of the City's income, will raise a
sufficient amount to conduct and maintain the
City government and will provide sufficient
funds to pay the expenses attendant upon the
election to be held in November of this year.
The surplus shown in the table herewith sub
mitted is sufficient to permit of a reduction of
more than $10,000,000 in the assessment roll
of this year. We confess, however, that many
of the reductions can only bo achieved with
the co-operation of the City officials. Under
the present defective system of our municipal
government the Legislature has provided more
offices and higher compensation than war
ranted by the needs of the City.
The new charter— An examination Into the
financial affairs of the City government empha
sizes most strongly the necessity of a new
charter for the municipality. The present
method oi raising and spending the people's
money is so unsatisfactory and uncertain that
officials shirk their responsibilities and cannot
be held accountable for the proper disburse
ment of the public funds. One of the most
vicious methods of diverting public money is
provided in the general fund, into which is de
posited the revenue intended lor many of the
various departments. Expenditures are
drawn indiscriminately from this general
fund, without regard to the public welfare.
This fund will be abolished by the new char
ter and twenty-four specific funds will be pro
vided. Each fund will be kept separate 'and
distinct, and the I appropriation for each spe
cific purpose will be placed in its respective
fund, and cannot be used only for the exact
purpose for which it was appropriated. Very
respectfully submitted,
A. S. Baldwin,
J. 8. Cox well.
Manfred S. Kohlberg,
Vanl)Ki:i.ynn Stow,
F. A. (-wain,
Committee on Public Affairs.
The committee's estimated expenditure
for the fiscal year 1896-97, arranged by de
partments, was as follows:
Courts and Law Department— Attorney and
Counselor, $18,000; District Attorney, $21,
---200; Superior Courts, $25,800; Police Courts,
$48,400; Justices' Courts, $22,800; Grand Jury
expenses, $1500; juries in criminal cases,
$2000; interpreters in criminal cases, $6000;
publishing law calendars, $2400; reportem in
criminal cases, $25,000; witnesses in criminal
cases, $3500. Total, $176,600.
General departments— Assessor, $95,000;
Auditor, $13,600; Coroner, $17,200; County
Clerk, $72,000; License Collector, $25,000;
Mayor, $7800; Recorder, $31,500; Sheriff,
$73,400; Supervisors and Clerk and Clerk
Equalization, $33,600; Surveyor, $500; Tux
Collector. $40,000 ; Treasurer, $18,100. Total,
$427,700.
Fire Department — Apparatus, hose and
houses, $100,000; material, $30,000; pensions
and relief iunds, $22,000; running expenses,
$80,000; salaries. $385,000 ; leave of absence
account, substitutes, $10,000; telegraph. $18,
---100. Total. $645,100.
Police Department — Contingent expenses,
$7200; patrol. $31,250; telegraph, $8750;
salaries (Chief), $4000; salaries (Commis
sioners), $5400; salaries (force). $705,600;
rents and repairs, $7000. Total, $762,200.
Health Department — Almshouse, $80,000;
Hospital (City and County), $75,000; Health
Department (salaries and expenses), $41,000;
quarantine expenses, $5000; Receiving Hos
pital, $12,000; 'ambulances (two, equipment
and expenses), $8000;' smallpox hospital,
$3720. Total, $224 ,720. .y. . ..
School Department— Maintaining common
school*, $1,000,000; salaries of superintend
ents and secretary, $9400". - Total, $1,009,400.
Libraries— Free Public Library, $50,000; law
library, $3600. Total, $53,600. ; «*>
Streets, sewers and squere*— Salaries of super
intendent and deputies, $32,500; improve
ment of tree fronting City property, $12,000;
improvement of streets around parks and
squares, $25,000; improvement of public
Fquares, $25,000; repairs to county roads,
$10,000; repairing and repaying accepted
streets, $100,000; street sweeping, $125,000;
Rtreet sprinkling, $10,000; cleaning and re
pairing sewers, $50,000. Total. $389,500.
Parks and public grounds — Golden Gate
Park, $250,000; City Cemetery, $1200: garden
ers, five public squares, $4500. Total, $255,-
TOO. •
Public buildings-City Hall building, jani
tors, $12,360; City Hall building, employes,
$9600; fuel for public buildings, $9000: fur
niture and repairs, $12,000. Total, $43,020.
Public institution*— Prison, $33,000;
County Jail 2, $35,000; County Jail 3, $25,
---000. Total, $93,000.
Gas and electric light— Lighting public build
ings, $30,000; lighting streets, gas and elec
tricity, $285,000. Total, $315,000.
Water— Water for municipal purposes, $200,
---000.
Election— Registration and election ex
penses, $180.000. .
Funded Debt— lnterest on City Hall bonds
and sinking-fund. $35,435: interest on park
improvement bonds and Sinking fund, $51,
---200. Total. $86,635.
Miscellaneous— Advertising, $5000; assess
ment roll compiling, $ 16,500; burial deceased
soldiers and sailors, $2500; burial indigent
dead, $4000; delinquent tax list publishing,
$3000; Fourth of July expenses, $3000; judg
ments. $1530; municipal reports, $7000 ;
pound keeper, $900; Fan Francisco. Benevo
lent Association, $5000; stationery and print
ing, $18,000; transcripts, criminal rases,
$3000; urgent necessity, $24,000. Total, $93,
---430. .
Summary— Courts and Law Department,
$176,600; general departments, $427,700;
Fire Department, $645,100; Police Depart
ment, $762,200; Health Department, $224,
---720; School Department. $1,009,400; libra
ries, $53,600; streets, sewers and squares,
$389,500: parks and public grounds, $225,
---700; public buildings, $43,020; public insti
tutions, $93,000; gas and electric light,
$315,000: water, $200,000; election, $180,
---000; funded debt, $80,635; miscellaneous
$93,430. Total, $4,955,605.
Estimated tax rate for the fiscal year 1896-07 ;
Revenue exclusive of tax»a:
Fees of the City and C0unty.......... $ 230,000
Fines imposed in police c0urt5... ...... 30,000
Fines imposed in superior courts. ... •• 1.0 '0 I
Licenses, Cltr and County.. 880,000
Licenses, municipal , 80 000
Licenses — took, certificate taxes... 1,200
Quarantine fees 000
Subsistence United States prisoners.. ' 1,500
Kuudrlf* from Assesacr, rents, etc.... P.SOO
Library ........7. ' ■ 1.000
Park rent 5....;...... 2,000
School lot rent 5......................... 45,000
School, apportionment from State. . .. 6X0,000
Two percent tax on franchises....... 10.000
Vehicles— License! ; 28,000
T0ta1............ «1,-t 62,580
Assessor's estimate of total value of . .. .
property 326,031
Tax rate of $1 on the 8100 -. $3,003,260
Kevenua of . the City from othe/
sources 100,235
Total revenue of the City and"
_ ■ .C0unty....... $5,055,840
Estimated expenditures for 1896-97. 4,955,605
Surplus.. '. 9100,235
ADULTERATED FOOD.
Cases Ag»ln«t Three Leading Grocer*
Called in Court.
The cases of George S. Lincoln, William
Cline and .lames 8. Irvine, grocers, charged
by Food Inspector Davis with violating
the ordinance against the adulteration of
food product^, came up before Judge Joa- ;
chiraaen yesterday .\ '
The Board of Health was represented by
its attorney, Garret ; McEnerney, Lincoln
and Irvine by. Attorneys Carson and Sav
age and Cline by Attorney Harry Dono
van.
Attorney Savage, for Irvine, moved for
a dismissal on the ground that the com
plaint was defective, inasmuch ;as the
offense was alleged to have been com
mitted on July 13. It should have been
June 13. The court sustained the motion,
but a new complaint will be tiled.
A motion for dismissal in the other two
cases on various grounds was denied, and
on Monday the cases will.be set for trial
by a jury.
■» » «
I'tiACl T(l**'. *%*•* UjTmIIIUI. nir
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, Itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoylo
& Co., druggists, diH Washington street. •
INJURED AT
A NEW CHURCH,
A Scaffolding Falls Thirty
Feet at the New St.
Brigid's.
THREE MEN BADLY HURT
Two More Laborers Leap on a
Wall in Time to Save
Themselves.
THERE WAS NO CONTRACTOR.
Rev. Father Cottle Explains How the
Accident Happened— Footlocks
Gave Way.
Just after the noon hour yesterday, when
the laborers on the new Bt. Brigid ; s
Church, at the corner of Van Ness avenue
and Broadway, weie returning to work, a
Scene of the Accident at the New Church of St. Brigid, Van Ness avenue and Broadway.
scaffolding at the west end of the building
gave way, carrying with it three men and
a quantity of bricks.
Two other men, Tim Doogan and Robert
Fulton, were near the edge of the scaffold
and felt it sway. They just escaped by
leaping back onto the wall, which is in
process of construction.
Tim Doogan was in tbe act of wheeling a
barrow loaded with bricks onto the scaf
fold. He was too far advanced to have
any power to pull back his barrow when
he felt the scaffold rock, and, therefore, let
go and made a leap for the wall, while the
barrow and its contents fell over thirty
feet, along with tbe scaffold. It is con
sidered that these bricks and those already
piled on tne scaffold inflicted most of the
injuries on the three men who fell.
There were twenty-four other laborers
employed on the building at the time.
They at once rusbed to the assistance of
the sufferers, while the pastor of St.
Brigid's, the Rev. John E. Cottle, and
his assistant priests, Rev. M. Bryan and
Rev. B. McKennon, who were at lunch in
the parish residence, hasten* a out with
restoratives. When the men were extri
cated from the pile of planks and bricks,
John Dougherty, the head carpenter, who
had been repairing the scaffolding at the
time it fell, was found to be conscious,
though evidently badly hurt. John
Gallagher, a brick-layer, and Patrick Mor
gan, a laborer, were both unconscious.
They were made as comfortable as possible
on cushions and rugs, from the parish resi
dence, until the patrol wagon and the
ambulace arrived.
At tbe Receiving Hospital it was found
that John Dougherty, who resides at 8 San
Carlos avenue, was the most seriously in
jured of tne three. He was suffering from
a broken shoulder-blade, three broken
ribs and internal injuries, which may
prove fatal.
Thomas Gallagher of Eddy place was
badly injured about tne head ana his right
leg was fractured.
Thomas Morgan, a laborer, was found to
have a fractured rib and an abrasion of
the arm and side. His wounds were not
so serious as those of the other men, and
after being treate-l at the hospital he was
able to return to nis home at 16 Foisom
avenue. Gallagher is an unmarried man,
but Dougherty and Morgan are both mar
ried.
The building where the accident occur
red is at the southwest corner of Van
isesß avenue and Broadway. The old
wooden church has been moved to the
south side, and in its place about half the
outer shell of a fine, gray-stone edifice has
been erected. Tbe new church was de
siened by a local firm of architects, but
father Cottle, the pastor, is his own
builder and contractor. He hires his men
by the day and during the five months
that have elapsed since work on the build
ing was commenced, he has devoted con
siderable time and labor to supervising
and directing the construction of his new
church.
Yesterday's accident was a great blow to
him. After doing everything in his power
for the injured men and making arrange
ments to receive news of them from the
Receiving Hospital, he returned to the
scene of the accident and quickly reached
a conclusion as to bow it happened.
The scaffolding which fell occupied part
of the semi-circle formed by the outer
wall of what will be the chancel. On the
outside the footlocks. or beams supporting
it. were built six inches ii.to the wall on
the inner edge of the s6mi-circle, the foot
locks being firmly attached to upright
beams driven into the ground.
"The footlocks gave way," said Father
Cottle, in describing the cause of the
disaster. "Instead of beine built eight or
ten inches into the wall, as in the case of
the scaffoldings in the other part of the
buiiaing, they only entered six inches
into this wall. Tbe men were about to
take away the run for wheeling bricks ud
to the scaffolding, and in order to have
plenty of bricks for going on with the
work, they were piling tbem on the
scaffolding. The jarrinsj of the barrows
must have loosened the footlocks and they
gave way."
When'questioned as to who was respon
sible for the security of the scaffolding.
Father Cottle replied that John Dough
erty, one of the injured men, was an ex
perienced carpenter, and had had entire
charge of all the scaffoldings in the build
ing.
"It was an accident for which r.o one
can be held responsible," added the pastor
of Bt. Brigia's. "Dougherty wan on the
scaffolding himself when it fell. The
loosening of the fool locks from the wall
was an acoident for which he cannot be In
anyway blamed." An examination of the
footlocks showed that, as Father Cottle
had divined, they were not broken but
had evidently jarred out of their sockets
in the wall, "it seems that a man named
Lcnnon, a stairbuilder, had assisted
Dougherty in the erection of the scaffolds,
but neither of them anticipated any dan
ger from tbe footlocks.
Mr*. *«JT.*'« fmtilur«.
The search warrant case of Mrs. E. P. Ferry,
107 Bush street, against John W. Flinn, auc
tioneer, 321 Sutter street, came up before
Judge Campbell again yesterday afternoon. A
new warrant was sworn to Dy Mrs. Ferry and
the hearing km fixed for this alternoon. Mrs.
Kerry's attorney stated that Wednesday night
two cartloads of her furniture had been re
moved irom Fllnn's auctionrooms, but this
Flinn denied.
WOULD PAY WITH BLOWS
An Excitable Woman Created
a Scene in Justice
Cook's Conrt.
Angry Mrß. Martha McElroy Wanted
to Thrash Collector Ed
ward Ackley.
A fight, with one of the belligerents a
member of the fair sex, waa averted in
Justice Cook's court yesterday only by the
interference of Bailiff Barney Conlan, who
held the angry woman—the aggressor, by
the way— at arm's length until her in
tended victim could make his escape.
Edward Acitley, a collector, was suing-
Mrs. Martha McElroy, » handsome robust
woman, for $59 for medical services ren
dered by a local specialist. In order to se
cure hiß claim he had previously attached
her piano and furniture, much to tbe
anger of Mrs. McElroy, whose excitement
showed in her face the instant she saw the
collector.
Her excitement increased as the trial of
the case proceeded until when Ackley left
the stand after giving his testimony, she
could keep it in restraint no longer.
"You villain, you mean to rob me," she
shouted, and made a dash at the as
tonished Ackley, her hands eloquently ex
pressing her desire to pull his hair, scratch
his face or something equally violent.
"Order," howled the court in as com
manding tones as it could muster, but
Mrs. McElroy refused to "order," and was
fast getting witbin clawing distance
of the collector when Bailiff Con
lan took a band in the proceeding?, lay
ing firm but gentle hands on the irate
woman and preventing her from making
her intended attack on Ackley. She made
desperate efforts to get away, during
which the court roared alternate threats
of punishment and entreaties for peace
from a safe place on the bench.
Ackley finally made his escape, and
Justice Cook gave him judgment as he
sped down the corridor, Mrs. McElrov ad
mitting the debt, but objecting to the col
lector's method of collecting it.
1 ♦ — ♦ — • — ■
< rii..,i.iij-. wilt.
The will of Qenoral W. H. Dimond has been
admitted to probate. Edwin R. Dimond and
the (Jnlon Trust Company are appointed ex
ecutors.
Mititrvj :«.V*i|lv«w;
Ex-Judge J. F. Bullivan and Matt I. Bullivan
have removed their iaw offices to Parrott b'ld'g
825-855 Market et. Entrance rm. 610, 6 th floor*
MELODRAMAS
IN THE COURTS.
The Gamut of Emotion
Runs From Happiness
to Distress.
SAD CASES OF INSANITY.
All Sorts of Mental Wrecks as
Seen Before Judge
Slack.
A DIFFERENCE OF OPINION.
Action of a Man Who Did Not Agree
With His Sp: use's Religious
Views.
Not even in the theater, in these days of
startling modern melodrama, does tbe pre
sentation of mimic weal and woe change
from scenes of wealth and happiness or
i nnhappiness to terrible poverty and dis-
J tress more rapidly than in the law courts
|of to-day. Yesterday in Judge Slack's
court, immediately after tUe well-fed,
i fashionably attired crowd of attorneys and
; principals in the Fair will case, men and
! women engaged in a bitter legal battle for
i the possession of millions npon mil
lions of dollars, had filed out, the exam
i ination of insane persons was taken op.
"Most of the pitiable creatures were ill
| clad, dirty and ill-smelling. There were
j inebriates, idiots and other sorts of mental
I wrecks. The members of the motley crew
| were brought in, one at a time, to be ques
! tioned.
The first of the lot was a young Italian,
one of the sort that artists rave about; tail,
i well-formed, with handsome, clean-cat
features; a nose that any man might
envy; small, sharply twisted mustache,
and short, curling beard. He sat huddled
in his chair, with an old overcoat drawn
tightly around him, probably to conceal a
j paucity of other garments. Hia trousers
i barely reached his shoe tops and his long
hair was uncombed and matted. He be
lieves himself possessed of immense
wealth, and so refuses te work or even
care for his person. His wife had him ar
rested, and he was sent to the Stockton
asylum. His name is D. Bacigaiupi.
Next came a little old lady, scrupulously
neat and clean. She wore a well-fiuing
print dress of dark color, and a black
shawl covered her shoulders. A small
black bonnet was markedly in contrast
With her almost white hair. Ann Byrne
i is her name. She waa brought from the
; Aimshouse, and as she came in glanced
j nervously around as thoueh afraid the
! creatures that exist in her imagination
| were following her. She was Bent to
. Napa.
John Scully, an epileptic, whose palsied
i iesrs refused to support his heavy body
! dragged himself in, supported by two at
! tendants. His gross features and thick
i lips told the tale of indulgence that
| brought him to his present awhi! state
I He has been confined in the City Prison"
| charged with assault with a deadly
i weapon. In one of his paroxysms he tried
|to kill his sister with a razor. Ukiah is
bis future home.
Another phase of human passion was
I presented in the case of Mrs. R. W Smith
| She is a tall, determined-looking woman'
; with a long, sharp nose and defiant erav
eyes. TV ben called to the stand she smiled
and moved lorward with a jaunty air
'■May I take a drink of this water?" she
asked Judge Slack.
Having received permission the filled
and emptied a glass and then began her
story.
"'•.'"l »/ r res. esb yterian," said she, "ana
my husband is a Catholic. We live at
cortland avenue and Bennington street.
AYe have nad frequent quarrels on reli
gious subjects, and yesterday my husband
had me arrested on a charge of insanity."
The accused certainly showed no indica
tions of being mentally weak and was dis
charged. As sbe walked out of the court
room she paused to shake hands with each
J of a foimidable array of women who had
come to bear witness, if necessary, in her
be "i a am discharged," she said, gleefully,
to each of them.
NOTES OF THEATERS.
ii'ait Week of Kffle Shannon and Herbert
Kelcey. Blaxlme Elliott's "Lady
Gay Spanker."
The Stock'well Company's production of
"Americans Abroad" continues to fill the
theater. The performance is really a very
amusing one, though it is more uneven
than some of those which have preceded,
it. Stockwell, as the man who becomes
his own steward, manages to be extremely
funny without descending to farce, and
Miss'Effie Shannon as the little every-day
American girl, and Kelcey as the French
friend of the family are both good.
Next week "Carmen" will be produced.
At the Columbia Theater, Miss Maxine
Elliott is doing some of her best work as
Lady • Gay Spanker in "London Assur
ance." Charles Wingate, who has taken
Frawley's place, is also good; indeed, the
all-round caste of the racy comedy is a
thoroughly satisfactory one.
It has been decided to put "The Charity
Ball" on for the whole of next week.
"A Money Order" gives the company at
the Grand opportunities for expressing in
tense heroism, virtue and vice, of which
they are not slow to take advantage.
Jules Walters has written a part for him
self, in which he fairly revels in excite
ment, and the other characters are also
based on those broadly marked lines
which always delight lovers of melodrama.
The play is drawing large houses.
The Jockley Ro«ton Troupe at the Or
pheum has not proved quite the attraction
that was anticipated, the man-monkey be
ing really inferior as an entertainer to the
genuine "monkeys that Professor Macart is
exhibiting at the Casino. The rest of the
Orpheum bill is excellent, Collins and
Collins having marie an especial bit.
NEW TO-SAT.
pLMLFHiTsfEIa
I ; STAMPED ON A SHOE „„„,,. .
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
BLOCKADE SALE.
THERE ARE OTHERS
Who claim to sell cheap, but we are compelled to
do so, and any one who has ever seen that high
fence at Third and Market streets will readily be-
lieve that we must offer unusual reductions to do
business. Since we inaugurated our Blockade Sale
our store has been crowded. But why? Simply
because we are selling dozens of tine linei below
cost, and every shoe in our store has been reduced
in price. This week we are offering at a sacrifice
an assorted line of Ladles' Fine Oxford Ties.
Some have French stitched heels, others low
heels: some have razor toes and tips, others
medium broad toes, and all have hand- turned
soles, and we offer them for $1 per pair. They are
worth from $2 50 to $5. All sizes on A, B and C,
, and small sizes on D and E.
ffk ft *|P Do yon like to drew
« I mf% well and wear tine shoes?
_f* / I Well, here Is a chance.
\f £a| I VI No odds or end*, but reeu-
■^4* lar stock. Ladles' Extra
TiT'Y 3 fiLI n i *' ne Kid . Button Boots,
V- *■ il BXJuvlth French stitched heels,
V i- A ' I «?»j razor toes or narrow square
V V'A 1 i I toes and patent-leather tips
£ Yy. Vv < V«\/ aml hand-turned soles, re-
/• V.^^. \!i# duced to 82 75. All sizes,
£ >s ~-^^tJT^ • W all widths. Regular price
V^/^^SfcrW " : 9 5. Same style exactly In
B *>sv--^ l>N< »«»_i» Russet Kid, with brown
*-^i* 1 T^r c ri"- j?s^ "'" '*' tops, and same price.
fali ft I™ .An the young girls wish to
\ I ■ m|% wear Lace Shoes. Here is a
' ■]% I_i m I m chance. Fine Dongolo Kid
Hr I lab Vl Lace Shoes., with Spring
■]» nm ft heels, greatly reduced In
*' M\ - u+yf price * Wear guaranteed.
■ ft \if Child's Sizes, Bto 10%
W $125
1L; ■ » Misses' Sires, 11 to IV% .....
|f| J PA Fine shoes sold cheap.
\. 1 Ik 1 1 An assorted line of
arm I Til Ladies' Button Shoes, in-
IIUVI chirline Patent Leather
. and French Kids, with
'|?—*-t~-— ~» hand-tin ned soles and
. § I # French- stitched . heals
I V I an low heels, pointed
I ■•/ 9 and broad toes, without
/ */ . 4 tips. A great drive. Will
/,y 1 be sold for SI 50: every
jr \/ A pair worth $5. You may
X*y^ I3i smile » l Belling a lino
/*\S\^~~~*3l Bnoe 80 cheap, but the
—^^» sizes are broken up, and
■^f^"^ .ir^^ti HE we wish no odd lines in
«-■... i s^. * .zs.^^ stock.
tfST Country orders solicited.
Iff- send for New Illustrated Catalogu.9,
gage Address rjiailinujlli'ißWJlUJjm
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San FrancUeo.
THESDCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
• OF TUG
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET 51
OPKN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
-ojj^&^v^!,, FIFTY- DOLLAR
gpii||ELECTRIB BELTS
K^Tffc^isfesr ff^fl V OR &*'• *40 BELTS
JSJiaSUr^&nWKIr JO for 820. and $30 Belts
J^Tjf&^K^tf^S'- for 15; also good belts tot
I 'K-fiif. 3JCT?t=W^i $ 6. Latest patent and all
I■• <\£rs* improvements. t&~ Call
*•*&£{ or write for new pamphlet
| PIERCE & SON, 704 Bacramento St., cor. Kearay,
second, third and fourth floors, Han ITancisco.
"T A M An A laxative refreshing M
I U BBS 11 X fruit lozenge.
• 1 111 nil very agreeable to take.
CON STIPATIOI*
■ ■■^ M _ ,'__ •'__■■ - hemorrhoids, bile,
I II II I C II l0 "8 °* appetite, gastric an*
Ira 1 E. H intestinal troubles and
■ ■" ■■» ■•■ .*■ ■ ■■ ■ headache »rising
from them.
Anil | All E. URILLON,
GRILLON 38 Rue dea Archives. Part*
lUllkkUll . Sold by all Drsggista.
■ -i 1 ..... •
€fEWEY&CO.^V
patents: J
sf3MAßK?T^slr^££S»*
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS ATTORXEY-AT-
V law and Notary .Public 033 Aiarltec si* oppo
i •lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 070. Itealdeoc* 1&4
I'ellsu Telephone; " Pins" •-iidL
Wiilkft Inflian Teutonic Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDLXKSS, CONSTIP*.
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak btoaiach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. «•-»-»*..
Crosslin's Specific Mixtara
V. ith this : remedy persons can curs themselves
; without the least exposure, change of diet II
I change In application to business. The meaici
I contains nothing that is of the least Injury to Ihl
I consUtuUoou Ask your druggist tor U. i»W»i h fTHERE IS GOLD IN
HURRICANE GULCH
Sergeant Jack Hayes Makes
a Rich Find in
Sausalito.
HIS WIFE'S DISHPAN.
An Immense Rise Has Come in
Property Values Since
the Discovery.
A WATEE-FRCNT SYNDICATE.
Chief Wharfinger Root Has Joined
With the Policeman to Work
the New Claim.
It would take something more powerful
than an ordinary derrick to tear Sergeant
John Hayes from the idea that The Call,
in its eaeerness to publish the news, did
not do him an irreparable injury.
Hayes is a fctate employe at the head of
a little squad of po;icemen who look after
the interests of the Board of Habor Com
missioners. He lives over in Sausalito at
the head of Hurricane Gulch, named that
way on acoount of the wind that sweeps
down through it at all times, even when
the remainder of Sausalito is calm and
.'•weltering.
Hayes is very domesticated and seldom
spends any of his spare time away from
the hearth. Sundays he is always at
liume tinkering away at something or
other aud beautifying his already lovely
home.
Back of his residence, past a doghouse in
habited by a particularly ferocious canine,
which he very properly keeps tied up, is
the bed of a creek. It is dry at this season
to all intent and purpose, exespting in
spots where some of the rushing waters of
winter still remain in shallow pools.
Last Sunday the policeman and some of
his friends discussed mining and miners
topics quite familiar to Hayes, who was a
miner in days long past in the environs of
Pike's Peak. He told them of his expe
riences and recalled how the very land
they stood upon reminded him of grounds
he had worked and found to be good-pay
ing property.
It roquired little coaxing for him to take
Mrs. Hayes' dishpan and give his friends
an illustration of how mining was done in
river beds in early days. It was all very
interesting until the climax came. The
dirt was all washed out of the pan, and
there, in the residue were four little bright
yellow specks.
Gold! There was no questioning the
fact. It was certainly the precious metal
that peeped out from among the peebles.
Marshall, when he discovered gold in
the Gutter mill-race in 1848, was less
astonished than Sergeant Hayes.
He ceased work, and the next day lie
was over on this side of the bay, where he
confided the secret of his find to Chief
Wharfinger George W. Root.
Both these gentlemen took a run over to
Sausalito and panned out more dirt.
There was plenty of black sand, almost an
infallible indication of good pay dirt, and
some fine gold flakes were gathered in.
But most of the gold was found on an
adj lining piece of property to the one
owned by Hayes, and belonging to a man
named Miller. So it was decided that be
fore the news of the gold tind was made
known that particular piece of property
must be bought up.
The property in triangular in shape and
the major part of it is on a 45-degree fall
to the creek and is valueless. Still, Miller
was willing to sell the whole thing for
$250, so Hayes says.
The day set for the purchase was yester
day, when au ill-advised newspaper was
inconsiderate enough to publish the fact
tnat there had been gold" discovered in
Hurricane Gulch, back of the Hayes cot
tage.
That settled the deal. Miller read The
Call yesterday morning, and when Hayes
and his partners, Messrs. Root, Gilfett
and Bloomer, who were all interested in
the venture, ran Miller down and offered
him the $250, that gentleman smiled and
asked for a week's time in which to think
over the matter.
"He'll want all prices for it nowl" ex
claimed Hayes, when seen yesterday aft
ernoon by a Call reporter.
"That article should never have been
published uniil I got hold of the property,
a;id I'd show you how gold is panned out."
Years ago tbere was considerable min
ing done north of Hurricane Gulch, but it
never paid sufficiently to warrant ex
tensive working. There were too many
paying river-bed claims to lose time in the
guich, so it is comparatively a virgin field.
That there is some coM there cannot be
doubted, but it is not likely that Sergeant
Hayes will give up his lucrative $150 posi
tion on the City front to become an out
and-out miner.
A BANKRUPT SALE.
11m I* a Genuine One and Patron* of
"The Maze" TVIII Be the Oneg
Benefited.
So-called bankrupt sales are of frequent
occurrence and are not always genuine,
but in case of the sale now going on at the
store of the Hamburger Company, well
known as 'Toe Maze," the fact that it is a
bankrupt sale cannot be questioned. The
house has with their customary enterprise
taken advantage of a rare opportunity to
buy the stock of a bankrupt "merchant of
Los Angeles at a big discount. This mer
chant, E. Weinbur gb, carried an exten-
Bive stock of fine goods, but a combination
of circumstances forced him to the wall
and the best bid offered for his stock was
that of the Hamburger Company. They
offered the Board of Trade of Los Angeles,
who had charge of the matter, biy^ cents
on the dollar of the cost price and tins bid
was accepted.
The goods were shipped here at once
and the sale began last Monday, and it is
no exaggeration to say that on that day
The Maze never entertained such a crowd
since they commenced business. They
were obliged to put on e.^.tra clerks and in
crease their delivery facilities. Since that
day many new goods have arrived, includ
ing: Shirtwaists, laces, mens' neckwear,
dress goods, wash goods, etc., and the
crowds still continue to flock to the store.
In order to conform to the prices that
are ruling at this sale, The Hamburger
Company has reduced prices in many
regular lines. This is particularly true in
the cloak department, and now cloaks,
jackets and suits are being sold at bieger
discounts than have ever been known in
the history of this City. The ladies of San
Francisco are quick to appreciate genuine
'jarg&ins, as the attendance at this sale at
tests.
t?in k<it. • ■
<tt>r Wise issued orders yesterday that
» large quantity of spurious tea seized by cus
toms officials some months ago be burned. The
destruction in this manner will be the first
that has ( ver taken place in this City. Under
the law the importer is privileged to remove
the adulterated tea from out the country. In
this case, however, the privilege was not ac
cepted.
The First Discovery df Gold by Sergeant Jack Hayes In Hurricane Gulch,
Sausalito.
FOUND FILTH
AND SMELLED GAS,
| Members of the Board of
Health Searching in Un
pleasant Places.
HORRIBLE DISCOVERIES.
A Cellar in Which the Main
Sewer Found a Ready
Outlet.
BUILDINGS TO BE CONDEMNED.
The Board Will Recommend the De
molition of Several Unsanitary
Structures.
A delegation of the Board of Health !
went looking for foul stenches and iniqui- j
tons plumbing in Chinatown yesterday |
afternoon.
Chinatown is prolific in stenches that
cry unto heaven, and the plumbing,
I though not extensive, is decidedly defect- |
I ive. Yet the Board of Health yesterday
did not see a tenth of the reeking tilth that
ordinarily attends the nostrils o f the ad
venturous sightseer who wanders into the
crowded little alleys that serve as high
ways and sewers for the rickety tenement
! houses that line them. Perhaps it was
coincident, but everywhere was seen the
marks of the broom.
Fish alley, whose remarkably pungent
odors have been a matter of history in the i
City for years, was in a state of compara- j
tive cleanlineßß. It would have put to
shame the wholesale districts in the vi
cinity of Battery and Clay streets. The
disgusting offal that ordinarily obstructs
the gutters was nowhere in evidence, and
instead limpid streams of purifying water
found their way by the natural inlets to
the sewer. Chinatown had reformed.
The investigating party started out at
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Officer J.
H. Butterworth, who was several months
ago on special duty as Plumbing Inspector
of Chinatown, acted as guide, and Drs.
Morse, Williamson and Hart of the board,
Edwin Gottschaux, pecretary; Dr. Love
lace, Health Officer: Dr. Lazaer of John
Hopkins University, department of sani
tation, and some newspaper men were of
the party. At Chinatown the party was
joined by Inspector Fay, who is at present
looking out for Chinatown's sanitary con
dition.
The investigators proceeded through the
narrow alleys, remarking as they went on
the great improvement since last year.
At Onsida place, a pocket off Sacramento
street, between Dupont and Stockton, a
Visit was made to some of the habitations
of the lowly Chinese. In one of these, oc
cum'ed by a ragpicker, the atmosphere was
| so vile that a few seconds 'stay in it made
the eyes burn and the head swim.
A small oil lamp burning before an
ancestral tablet, which is a necessity to
even the poorest of this race, gave forth a
fetid and sickening odor. Yet even here
there was nothing that could readiiy be
criticized by the board, so they passed
it by.
As the party proceeded the Chinese
gathered in wondering groups and chat
i tered excitedly. Through open doorways
I could occasionally be caught glimpses of
j the ratlike faces of white "dope" fiends.
These did not exhibit the same interest, as
the Chinese life holds but one thing of in
terest for opium's slave.
Between Ross and Chnrch alleys is a
reeking underground passaee which the
board last year ordered closed. When it
was reached on yesterday's tour it was
open, but a white man was industriously
playing a hose upon it while half a dozen
Chinamen plyed brooms vigorously.
"Who ordered this alley opened ?" was
asked the white man.
He replied It was under the orders of
L. C. Babbin. Inspector Fay was in
tructed to investigate and if he found that
Babbin was countermanding the board's
orders, to proceed against him. Church
alley was in a generally objectionable con
dition and the inspector was instructed to
have it closed.
The next objectionable feature en
countered was on Duneomb alley. Here
a rough shed, barely tall enoughjw'ithin for
a man to stand erect, is occupied by a
startling number of emaciated human
beings. The board decided there was
but one thing to be done with the shed
and at the next meeting they will recom
mend its complete destruction.
The most Horrible case disclosed was in
a cellar at 705 Pacific street kept by Hong
Kee as a second-hand store. Hong Kee's I
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
sien announces in English that he is
ready to buy and sell second-hand goods
of ail kinds and the assortment he has
collected suggests that he has succeeded
in sretting a little of everything useless.
When Officer Butterworth stepped into
the cellar he recoiled as if he had been hit.
The pla^e was a veritable mine of sewer
gas, yet calmly sorting rags in the dim
blue light of a flickering caudle sat the ob
livious proprietor. Taking a deep breath
of fresh* air and plucking up his courage.
Officer Butterworth entered upon an ex
ploring tour. His shouts soon brought
one or two other members of the party to
his side, and there he showed the cause of
the poisonous air. Beneath the sidewalk
the earth had caved away until a direct
passageway was opened to the main
sewer.
This will be remedied immediately,
though just how it will be done was left to
Inspector Fay's discretion.
Dupont street was next visited. The
rotten walls of a row of buildings extend
ing from Baker alley to the Globe Hotel,
between Pacific and Washington streets,
attracted the party's attention. At the
corner of Baker alley the upper story of
the building is used as a "sweat" shop.
Here a number of Chinese were engaged
in making overalls, while in an adjoining
room were two or three women and one
or two children, and evidence that the en
tire working force also resided there.
The ceilings were low and the floors and
wall threatened to come down at any
moment. Entrance to the place was
gained by climbing a ladder, a knotted
rop« supplying the place of a bannister.
The entire block was found to be in a sim
ilar condition and it was the sense of the
members of the board that all the build
ings between the Globe Hotel and Baker
alley should be condemned.
Fish alley was visited, but nothing ob
jectionable was found in the street itself.
In the rear of one of the fish stores a num
ber of barrels of salt fish giving forth a
frightful stench were discovered, a not
very difficult task, and the inspector was
instructed to have the nuisance abated.
As a whole the board was very favora
bly impressed with the improvements in
the sanitary condition of the quarter,
though most of them are of the opinion
that nothing but a conflagration could
ever exterminate all Chinatown's objec
tionable features. On their visit last year
they made several recommendations,
most of which have been carried out, but
the Chinese have fre<ju"ntiy rendered the
innovations inoperative. * Where pipes
were ordered in for flushing sink hoppers,
they have taken off the faucets and capped
the pipes. They have taken traps out of
sinks because they impeded the flow of
water, and have generally showed a most
hearty contempt for things sanitary.
It is the Augean stable and the Board of
Health modestly doubts that is the Hercu
les who is to cleanse it, but they will try.
MISSING MANY MONTHS,
Mysterious Disappearance of
Curtis Gibson of North
Bangor, N. Y.
He Wrote to His Wife From This City
on January i, but Has Not Been
Heard of Since.
The police were notified yesterday of the
mysterious disappearance of an elderly
eentlernan, Curtis Gibson of North Ban
jror, Franklin County, N. V., by Mrs. Maud
Lord Drake of 325 Geary street.
He belongs to North Bangor, bat lived
for three or four years in Los Angeles
where he purchased some property for
about $14,000. Toward the end of last
year he was married to a lady friend of
Mrs. Drake, and two weeks after the mar
riage he left North Bangor for Los Angeles
to dispose of his property there. He did
so, and wrote his wife to that effect and
that he would bring the money home with
him.
He came to this City on bis way home
and wrote his wife on January 1 that he
was to leave by that evening's train. He
did not return' home, and since then his
wife has heard nothing about him.
''I did not know of my friend's marriage
to Mr. Gibson," said Mrs. Drake, "till I
received a letter from her yesterday in
which she told me of his disappearance
and asked me to make inquiries about
him.
"Mr. Gibson was about 65 years of age, I
should think, and his wife was some years
younger, but she is an exceedingly bright
lady and bears her years well. They
had known each other from childhood.
He is a man of wealth and they have a
beautiful home in North Bangor. He
wanted to dispose of his property in Los
Angeles and return home ao that he and
his wile could spend the remainder of
their life together iv ttWr native city.
"His disappearance is unaccountable
and I am afraid something serious has
happened him. He must have had about
$14,000 with him and probably he has Been
robbed and murdered. His wife men
tioned that she thought he had written
from the Russ House/
Inquiry was made at the Russ House,
but no such name as Curtis Gibson was
registered there.
Two ounces of attar of roses represents
the refined product of a ton of roses.
TO TEST PRECINCT
REGISTRATION.
Attorney Francoeur Will
Take the Question to
The Courts.
ANOTHER LEGAL MUDDLE
The Usual Douht as to How Far
a General Law Affects
This City.
REGISTRATION IS STILL SLOW.
Little Time Is Left, and There Is Dan
ger That Thousands Will B9
Disfranchised.
The mooted question of whether or not
the precinct re.istration decided upon by
Registrar Hinton will actually occur, and
whether or not it wouid be legal, is to be
soon settled by taking a test case to the
Supreme Court.
Attorney George H. Francoeur, chair
man of the Iroquois Club committee
appointed to consider the matter, will
within a day or two apply to
the Supreme Court for an injunc
tion or a writ of mandamus, taking
the step with the consent and assistance
of the Registrar and the Election Commis
sioners. The Iroquois Club, the Registrar
and the Election Board are all anxious to
carry out precinct registration, but the le
gality of precinct registration this year is
a question they deem highly important
to settle in advance, as there would De a
possibility that haif the names on the
register might be stricken therefrom or
the election invalidated.
The whole matter of registration is in a
doubtful and dangerous condition. There
is in this City a legal tangle involved that
no lawyer has yet been willing to express
definite opinions upon.
Then, as has been urged before, the set
ting ahead of the period of registration
and making it close three months before
election presents the great danger that
many thousands of voters will neglect to
register in tima and be disfranchised.
As the new registration law which di
rects registration to begin 160 days before
election and continue for 75 days is a
general one, this danger confronts the en
tire State. Nowhere in the State may a
voter register after August 8. The un
usual necessity for general and prompt
urging of voters everywhere to attend to
registration is a matter which all the
State Central committees are considering.
The Populist State Central Committee has
decided to is«ue warnings to all of its
county central committees in the fear that
its party may especially suffer.
Registration in this City has always
heretofore been carried on under a special
law which provided for precinct registra
tion. The last Legislature passed a new
general registration law, and it is the
doubt as to what extent and in what ways
this general law repeals the special law
applicable to San. Francisco which occa
sions the trouble about precinct registra
tion. Registrar Hinton has ordered regis
tration in accordance with the general
law, but has assumed that the tangle sttil
allows precinct registration, though he
has ordered it for an earlier time than
twenty days before election, as specified in
the law. City and County Attorney Cres
well yesterday stated the situationbriefly
as follows:
The amendments to the Political Code passed
in 1395 show thai it was the intention ot the
Legislature to have the elections In San Fran
cisco governed by the general law. This is
evident from the omission of the following
clauses in the original section— lo94— viz.:
"N. <tliing in this section shall beheld to repeal
any election or registration law applicable to
or in force in the City and County of Sau Fran
cisco."
The special law required registration to be
gin ninety day* before the election and con
tinue seventy-five days.
The general law requires the registration to
begin 160 days b.fore the election and to con
tinue seventy-live days and tlitn cease.
Both of these laws cannot be put in force,
for the obvious reason that you cannot at One
and the same time commence registration 160
days and ninety days before the election;
hence the general law must prevail.
Tin- general law is silent about precinct reg
istration. The - special law requires preciuct
registration to begin twenty days before the
election and to continue till fifteen days before
the election.
It Is manifest that the requirement of the
general law that the registration shall cease
eighty-live days before the election cannot be
observed if you continue the registration
under the requirement of the special law till
fifteen days before the election.
If the Supreme Court should hold that the
requirement Of the special law that the pre
cinct registration should begin . twenty days
before the election ana continue till fifteen
days before the election is an awkward way of
saying that the last five days of the registra
tion period should be given over to precinct
registration, and (hat it means that and noth
ing more, then the general law, being silent
on precinct registration, ' the special law can
be observed in that particular by devoting the
last rive days of the seventy-live under the
general law for that purpose.
But if the court snould hold that the special
law requiring precinct registration to cease
fifteen days before the election, is a direction
as to time, then It cannot be observed, be
cause the general law requires registration . to
cease eighty-five days before the election.
Hence it win be seen that this is a most serious
question.
"I have no doubt in my own mind about
the legality of the precinct registration I
have ordered," said Registrar Hinton yes
terday, "but still I admit that there may
be a legal question, and it is well io have
it settled. There is danger that the courts
may decide that there is no precinct, regis
tration, and that many voters will be left
in the lurch. The question is, How does
the general law affect the special law? Is
Sau Francisco governed by the special or
by the general act, or by the special act as
modified by the puneral one? I regard the
general law as modifying and not repeal
ing the special law."
Mr. Hinton thinks that the law will be
liberally construed in the interest of the
voter whose registration it is the purpose
of the law to facilitate as well as to pro
tect, and he points to the following ex
tract from a Supreme Court decision in a
case from Fresno :
Object of registration law, construction in
favor of voters. The object of the registration
law is to prevent illegal voting by providing,
in advance of flection, an authentic list of
qualified electors, and when its terms are
doubtful they should be so construed as to
give the fullest opportunity to voters to pro
cure the entry of their names upon the register
that is consistent with reasonable precautions
against fraudulent registration.
Mr. Francouer and Mr. Creswell held a
conference yesterday, but it was not de
cided just what technicality would be
seized upon for a teat case. However, the
question will be brought before the Su
preme Court within a day or two and aa
early decision sought.
Registration is increasing at the central
oftice, but it is yet several hundred behind
the daily average necessary to be made to
register the usual number of voters within
the comparatively few days remaining.
The registration yesterday was 974, mak
ine the total registration 12,266.
Two years ago the total registration was
about 69.000. In the year in which a
Presidential election is held the registra
tion is generally 10 per cent heavier, so
that 75,000 names should be registered in
this City this year. There are but twenty
KEW^ TO-DAY-DRT GOODS.
i ' 1 ' |l
We're doing the Biz of the town. If you don't j 1
r believe it come up and see. Here's how it's done. it 1
!■■• s -———-——— ■ — - . - ii
1 1 Ladies' Duck Suits, $1.50.
I Choice of any Duck Suit in the house
I sold as high as iJHi apiece, all tailor-made.
$7 50 LADIES' TAN JACKETS »2.50
i Elegant garments, 4 extra large fancy
i i pearl buitous; tailor-made.
$4 and $5 LADIES' CAPES, all
colors SI. 95
1 $5. M and $3 CHILDREN'S JACK-
KTS 1*1.95
LADIES' PERSIAN TRIMMED
' (A I'ES SI. OO
Navy, tan or black, rlhbon bow and
i | streamers, Persian embroidered, the
cloak wonder of the nineteenth cen-
tury; an ordinary bargain at $2 50.
' \ Ladies' Shirt Waists, 45c.
At 9 o'clock we place on sale 50 dozen
Ladies' Elegant Shirt Waists; couldn't
. | be bought regular under 85c.
i i Gents' Neckwear, 19c.
i l At 9 o'clock we place on sale 180 dozen
"2 of Light aud Dark Gents' Tecks. These
goods wore bought by a bankrupt to run
special 3 for $1. Here to-day 19c
[ [ Marvels in Dress Goods.
1 ' 35c for 52-inch BLACK MOHAIRS.
35c for 50-inch BLACK or BLUE STORM
SERGES. These are every-day 75c
sellers.
15c for SILK AND WOOL STRIPED
M CHALLIES. Bargains at 25c.
1 Bankrupt Pocketbooks, 39c.
Sterling silver mountings, each one
etamped. combination pocketbooks.
A grand bargain at 75c.
■■■ —
fir .. - ii ■! ■ i . ■ — __ _^_^_ ___ _ _«^ ___ |S|
m _
seven days of registration left, making an
average daily registration of about 2200
necessary for the time remaining.
In past years about 30,000 voters have
registered in the precincts. Should pre
cinct registration be knocked out this year
the consequences can be imagined.
The danger is especially great from the
fact that citizens are used to waiting until
shortly before election and from the fur
ther tact that there is not just now the in
centive and the prompting to looking
after registration that a voter feels amid
the full excitement of a campaign.
Registrar Hinton decided yesterday to
keep his office open for registration on
Saturday evening from 7 to 9 o'clock, and
it is likely that later the office will be open
every evening.
BOMBARDING A HOUSE.
Two Boys Improviop Minlatur* Cannons
and Play Havoc on the
Fourth.
Two 16-year-old boys amused themselves
on Independence day by bombarding a
house on Folsom street, between Thir
teenth and Fourteenth, until they had it
look as if it had been struck by a cyclone.
The posts of the fence and almost the
entire fence were knocked into kindling
wood, and almost the entire front of the
building was demolished.
The house is a two-story frame one, and
is owned by P. Murphy. It is occupied
by te nants, who were in the building at
the time of the bombardment, and nar
rowly escaped being struck by the
missiles.
Murphy complained to the police, and
Captain Gillen detailed Policeman Neil
Reardon on the case. After diligent in
quiry Keardon ascertained that the two
boys were Eugene Vandever, employed in
a blacksmith-shop on Harrison street,
and Norman Porter, employed in a fur
niture iactory. Murphy swore out war
rants for their arrest Wednesday, and
Reardon arrested them that evening.
They took a shotgun and sawed off the
barrel, leaving about fifteen inches of it.
Then they bound it to a thick piece of
wood, making a sort of miniature cannon.
They loaded it with powder and iron
spikes, such as are used" in railroad work,
and fired them at the house. They had
another instrument made out -of the top
of an ax.
They cut the ax and rounded it off up to
where it commences to bevel. Then they
bored a hole through to about the center
and another hole from the top to join the
other. They also bound this to a piece of
wood, loaded it with powder and spikes
and bombarded the house with it. The
two miniature cannons were captured by
Po-'iceman Reardon.
After they were arrested on the charge
of malicious mischief Vandever confessed
and explained the modus operandi. They
were released on their own recognizance
by Judee Campbell.
Wanderer and Porter were convicted be
fore Judge Campbell yesterday and were
ordered into custody to appear for sen
tence this morning.
NEVADA BANK OBJECTS.
Want* Its AMPimni'iit Decreased Nearly
a Million and a Half.
The Nevada Bank addressed the County
Board of Equalization yesterday on the
subject of Assessor Siebe's valuation of its
possessions, characterizing the result of his
calculations as "unjust, excessive and
illegal."
The communication states that of the
$2,302,000 for which the bank is assessed
$1,474,157 should be deducted, Decause it is
not property within the State of California,
but is entirely out of the State, as it be
longs to branch institutions and should
be assessed to them in the States or coun
ties where they are located, and the board
is asked to adjust the matter.
LICEJALE.
Only a bankrupt could afford to sel
laces of the width and quality for the
price; 4 to 10 inches wide, worth 20c to
75c a yard, going to-day at — :
10c, 12}<c, 15c. 20c and 35c.
Bargains in Drugs.
$1 size DR. KOCH'S GERMAN
SARSAPARILLA 50c
50c bottles of 'FINEST VIOLET
WATER or Extra COLOGNES. . 85c
25c quality of FINE SHEEP-WOOL
SPONGES.. .......; 100
HOSIERY, 15c.
FAST BLACK LADIES' HOSIERY, aw-
fully cheap for 25c.
BASKRUPOOTIOI.
HA1RP1N5............. .lea package
PEARL BUTTONS, 26 to 30 lines
a doz. 10c
HAIRPIN CABINETS.. 2c a box
CORSET STEELS .5c a pair
LINEN THREAD, 200 yards. . ,sc a spool
SILVERED THIMBLES...... lc
LEAD HAIR CRIMPERS.... 2c package
BLACK CANFIELD STOCKINET
SHIELDS No. 2 10c pair
BONE CASING, 9-yard piece 5c
CUBE PINBOOKS .....5c
HOOKS AND EYES, card.. ....2o
NEEDLES, papers lc
THE COMING CARNIVAL.
Citizens Express an Enthusiastic
Sentiment in Favor
of It.
W. H. Mills Says It Will Result in
Great Benefit to Commercial
Interests.
A citizens' gathering in the interest of
the Carnival of the Golden Gate was held
yesterday afternoon in the Chamber of
Commerce. Hugh Craig was chosen
chairman and S. W. Backus secretary.
"We are here," said the chairman, "to
devise ways and means for the successful
carrying out of the coming carnival or
festival. To do this we must have the
press with us and not depend too much
upon a canvass from door to door as a
source of revenue."
After Assistant Secretary Fisher had
read the proposed programme for carnival
week Colonel John O'Byrne of the execu
tive committee said that he heartily fa
vored ti:e holding of the contemplated
carnival and realized that behind it were
important consequences. To insure its
success the aid of the great corporations
would be essential, and he accordingly
moved the appointment of a committee to
confer with the moneyed men and cor
porations.
The chair named as such committee
Messrs. H. J. Crocker, W. G. Harrison,
W. H. Mills, J. D. Phelan, George New
hall, Adolph Spreckels, D. Rich, F. A. Ha
ber, George Stone and General W. H. War
field, who will meet soon in consultation
with the finance committee.
H. J. Crocker announced that at 1:30 p.
m. next Tuesday, on the floor of the Mer
chants' Exchange, S. L. Jones would hold
an auction sale of the boxes and loges in |
the Columbia Theater. The performance,
which is to be for the benefit of the carni- i
▼al, will take place at the following
Thursday matinee, when the Frawley
company will give "London Assurance."
A vote of thanks was tendered to the
managers of the Columbia upon the mo
tion of Mr. Crocker, who said that their
example would be followed by all of the
other principal places of amusement.
A letter was read from W. H. Mills in
which it was stated that the money ex
pended upon the carnival should be looked
upon not as a donation by subscribers,
but as an investment. It was desired in
this way to introduce into the art life of
San Francisco a permanent and profitable
feature. Much money was lost to the
City every year because the residents were
compelled to go elsewhere in search of
amusement.
F. A. Haber added that all of the re
tail merchants were enthusiastically in
favor of the carnival, which would
materially benefit commercial interests
and bring about more intimate relations
between the metropolis and the surround
ing cities aud towns.
THE CITY'S TITLE.
City and County Attorney Creswell's
Opinion on the Ownership of
Ocean Avenue.
City and County Attorney Creswell was
asked some tima aco to pass upon the
question as to whether the City has any
title to Ocean avenue, formerly called the
Ocean House road, portions of which are
claimed by Behrend Joost and others, and
to determine the width of the avenue.
His reply was sent in yesterday as follows:
Ik. the Honorable the Board of Suptrvitori o*
BANKRUPT WASH GOODS Hi
DOWNSTAIRS. *
a
10c FLANNELETTES Bo I i
10c FIGURED DIMITIES 6c
10c FIGURED LAWNS 5 O ( ,
10c FANCY CREPONS. 6 C '
15c MILLHOUSE GRASS LINENS. . B^C I
15c CREPE GRENADINEB BJ^o '
12^cWARD0UGH CREPONS 7%c ,
15c DIMITY CORDULETTE 10c '
19c IRISH CHECKED DIMITIES.. 10c
20c JACONETTEB or DIMITIES. . . . 12J^c ' '
25c DIMITY or ORGANDIES 15c
I i
BANKRUPUIMGS. \
20c 64-inch FIBRE LINING 10c yard
20c BLACK and GRAY MOREEN. . .12J^c ' '
12^c quality GRAY CRINOLINE, pee 75c
6»£c LINING CAMBRICS 4 C I '
12J^c DOUBLE-FOLD BILICIAB B>^c
SILKS. I
750 FANCY COLORED SILKB 350
50c VELVETS AND PLUSHES 85c (I
20c CHINA SILKS, COLORED 10c
44
MLISERY 1
Sold to-day at less money than you ever
heard of in all your liyes.
HATS TRIMMED FOR. 50c j
i the City and County of San Francisco: On De
cember 18, 1895, 1 received from your honora
i ble body a resolution, of which the following
i is a copy, viz:
"Resolution No. 13421 (third series). Re
solved, That the City and County Attoruey be
and is hereby requestea to examine and re
port to this board as to whether the City and
County has an? right or title to Ocean avenue
(formerly called Ocean House road) and if the
title is vested in the City and County then to
report the width of paid avenue."
Ocean avenue Is found on the Humphrey
map of 1870 of the City and County first, and
is there named Ocean-House road. The east
ern terminus of the road is at the intersec
tion of Bauer street with the County road, and
it runs thence in an irregular course west and
northwest about two miles to its western ter
minus at the place of its intersection with the
old San Miguel toll road, near to what is now
known as lugleside.
I have had a search made of the records of
the office of the City and County Surveyor and
the Recorder's office, and have failed to find
anything of record touching the width of
Ocean-House road.
I have found two maps on file in the office of
the Surveyor, mftde by County Surveyor Gard
ner in 1854, A. D., showing the route as it
then existed of Ocean-House road. Neither of
these maps ihow the width of the mad.
1 have found In the Recorder's office a map
made in 1854, A. D., showing what purports
to be a dedication of ground for the purpose of
I widening Ocean-House road from Arlington
I avenue to Stagg'B Hotel.
This map is signed as follows: "Approved
May 13, 1895; Adolph Sutro. Approved for
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, M. M. O'Shaueh
nessy, engineer, May 9, 1895; M. M. O'Shaugh
nessy."
From the foregoing I conclude that as long
ago fig 1854 A. D. there was a road known as
the Ocean House rOHd ; that it in not now in
exactly the same situation it was then, but it
| is substantially so; and that it was used as a
| public highway. The conveyances of land
I abutting the road will probably show the
| width of it. It would be necessary to have an
: abstract ox title made in order to obtain thit
i information.
Inasmuch as your resolution does not recite
that the roadway has been infringed upon by
any one I assume that none of the property
rights of the City and County are imperiled",
and that your Inquiry was madent the request
of some one specially interested. If such is
the case the specially interested party should
furnish this office with a complete abstract of
the sales of property contiguous to the road
tor the two miles of its length, in order that a
lull answer may be made to your resolution.
It would require the undivided attention of
one of the deputies in this office several months
I to make such an abstract.
I Immediately upon receipt of your resolution
I I investigated this matter sufficiently to see
I that no rights of the City aud County were in
jeopardy, and thereupon made this communi
cation give way to more important matters in
my office requiring attention.
July 9, 1896. Harry T. Crkswkix.
City Attorney and Counselor.
TIRED OF THE BOULEVARD
van Ness and Golden Gate Avenue
Property-Owners Want a Change.
A portion of the residents of two
thoroughfares that were recently declared
boulevards by the Board of Supervisors
have discovered that such a proceeding
was not without its disadvantages to them.
Property-owners on Van Ness avenue
from Turk street to Market and on Golden
Gate avenue between Market street and
Van Ness avenue have petitioned the
Board of Supervisors, stating that between
the points mentioned the two streets are
given over to business, and that the boule
vard proposition has made them deterio
rate in value. They asked that the por
tions described be exempt from the action
of the boulevart or-linanee.
The Street Committee of the board de
cided yesterday to recommend that the pe
tition of the Golden Gate avenue people
be granted and that the Van Ness avenue
matter be laid over for two weeks.
When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she was a Chad, she cried for Castoria,
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
910
THE EXEMPTS CHEER " OLD GLORY."
Commemoration Ceremonies
Ye&terday on the
Plaza.
TALKED PIONEER LORE
The Old Engine Gayly Decorated
in Honor of the Oc
casion.
COMMODORE SLOAT EULOGIZED-
In the Afternoon the Old Firemen
Gave Their Friends a Hearty
Reception.
The Exempt Firemen held an enthusi
astic celebration yesterday in commemo
ration of the fiftietn anniversary of the
raising of "Old Glory" in this City. On
the same spot in the old plaza and at
approximately the same time of day the
ceremony of floating the stars and stripes
to the breeze was repeated yesterday to
the delight of the firemen, Mexican War
Veterans and Pioneers.
Most of tbe gradually diminishing num
ber of representatives of pioneer days wit
nessed yesterday's ceremonies. The sur
viving 100 members of the Exempt Com
pany, which once numbered over 1000
members, turned out in their old brown
uniforms, admiringly exhibited the old
engine to visiting friends and talked over
the days of old.
Shortly before noon the detachment of
sailors and marines from the Philadelphia
assembled with its band on the plaza, and
two Hotchkiss guns, one on either side of
tbe flagpole, were placed in position.
About five minutes to 12 the proces
sion was formed, headed by the Exempts
under the leadership of President George
T. Bohen. Following came tne invited
guests composed of City officials and promi
nent citizens, and also the Veterans of the
Mexican War, led by Major Sherman.
The Exempts, proudly wearing their old
brown uniforms, formed a circle about the
company's flagstaff, while the others
formed in a double line toward the south.
The sailors from the Philadelphia, some
200 strong, presented a pretty sight in j
their white uniforms, set off by blue sailor
collars and brown leggings. They con
trasted with the bright red uniforms ot the
Philadelphia's band.
Half a minute beiore the noon hoar the
order was given to at attention. One
of the crew of the Philadelphia stood by
the flagstaff with his nand upon the rope
that shouid loosen the little bundle at the
top of tbe pole. At the first tap of the
bi;j bell on Brennam place, the signal
was given to unfurl. As tbe sailor at the
tope pulled away the flag fluttered forth !
beautifully. Gradually it opened out in i
tue almost imperceptible breeze, almost as j
a lady's fan would open, until it floated
fortn at fuil length. As the flag unfurled
the band struck up the "Slar Spangled
Banner," and all the assembly saluted the
flag with uncovered heads, the Exempts
saluting in true military fashion. Then
the guns began to blaze away alternately,
until the National salute of twenty-one
guns had been completed. Three cueers
and a tiger, given by the Exempts with
old-time Vim, concluded the exercises in j
the plaza.
A general reunion followed during the
short interim between the ceremonies and
tte speeches. Gray-naired old firemen
Hailed each other familiarly as "Jack" or
"Bill" and fondly talked of the old days |
RABBI VOORSANGER. WHO DELIVERED THE ORATION.
en they ran with the machine. "Tom,"
said one of the old boys to another, "do
you suppose we will be here at the next
celeoration, fifty years from now?" "lam '
afraid we won't," answered Tom slowly,
with a regretful shake of his head. 'Tve
caught you this time," laughed the old
fire-lighter, as he chuckled in his glee. "Of
course we'll be here; we'll be floating up
there on our winus taking it all in. The
joke's on you this time, old feilow. You
thought you were goinj: down below,
where you couldn't see the old machine
decorated up on the centennial celebra
tion," and he chuckled still louder as he
poked Tom's ribs.
The old engine, which the white-haired
arid erizzled Exempts pointed out with
Pride yesterday to every visitor at Bren
ham place, had been gayly decorated with
streamers and pampas plumes of the Na
tional colors, and above it a large Japan
ese umbrella formed a canopy over the
"old machine."
A platform was improvised alongside of
the engine, and here sat President Bohen
of the Exempts ani the speakers. J. B.
Whittemore Jr., a grandson of Commo
dore Sloat, read in clear, firm tones the
proclamation which his grandfather had
read fifty years before.
After tbe readme of Commodore Sloat's
proclamation, Rabbi Voors.inger, who is
an honorary member of the Exempt Fire
Company, delivered the address of the
day.
"We are making history to-day," bepan
the speaker, "when we commemorate, al
most to the minute, the niising of the
flag which signaled the American acquisi
tion of what had been Mez'Ctin territory.
It is fitting for as to salute that flag which
has just been unfurled — the Sag that has
represented the honor of the American
Republic such as no individual has ever
represented it. We salute that flag be
cause it has waved above men who, with
out a thought of their personal advantage,
considered only the honor of their coun
try and were willing to sacrifice their lives
and fortunes for the glory of their native
land.
"In saluting the nag we honor also the
memory of the men who, fifty years ago
in this very square, at the hour of high
noon, proclaimed the same message that
was proclaimed long before in the old
State House at Philadelphia. We do
honor to the memory of those by whom
Mexican soil was made no longer Mexican,
but consecrated to liberty and freedom.
"Fifty years have gone by since the
great proclamation, sent from the ship in
Monterey Bay, was read here on this spot.
Fifty years have passed since American
settlers began to come here and to take up
their abodes in this, God's :own land. In
these fifty years Old Glory has done nobly
and bravely, but in the coming fifty years
it will do sti^l greater thines. We do not
now wish to speak of the disadvantages of
other Governments, but of the advan
tages of the people who came here fifty
years ago and of the legacy which they
have left us.
"Although we are a million strong in
California, few of us fully realize the
beauty and glory of tbe inheritance which
has oeen left us. We do not sufficiently
appreciate the grandeur of our moun
tains, keeping watch over the valleys on
which, it has always seemed to me, God
has poured out all the blessings he had
left alter the sixth day of creation. Not a
single blessing is lacking, ot land, of
water or of sky, in the glorious endow
ment which nature has made upon Cali
fornia.
"Native sons and native daughters
should be more grateful than any others
for the glonoua patrimony which Sioat
and his brave men have left them. I hone
they are grateful, but sometimes I fear
they do not feel sufficient gratitude. Is it
enough for us to stand in the presence of
those gathered here to unfurl this flag and
to say that Sloat was a good fellow? You
all have duties to perform — the duty of
securing to yourself the gift of freedom so
grandly won for you.
"Instead of running to listen to every
heresy, instead of being swayed by every
appeal to y^ur passions, there should be
one sentiment that snould bind you to
gether — the sentiment that this country,
no matter how much divided by parties,
is greater than the State, and that the
State is greater than any party. We
should also realize that, no matter how
seriously this country may be divided on
questions of church and state, there should
be guaranteed freedom of religious belief
to every man so long as he is loyal to this
country.
"We are on the eve of a great contest
between parties. It matters little which
shall triumph, so long as the honor of the
constitution is upheld and the people re
main loyal to the flag, so long as under
Gou's heaven there shall be but one thing
to be protected with honor — the honored
folds of Old Glory."
At the conclusion of the outdoor cere
monies the Exempts and their invited
guests adjourned to the upper hall of the
company's en^me-.iouse, where an infor
mal reception was held. The hall had
been beautifully and significantly deco
rated for the occasion. Draped with the
National colors numerous pictures of vet
eran firemen were about tne walls. About
each oi these pictures groups of hoary
headed firemen were gathered all after
noon, and many were tbe thrilling remi
niscences of daring deeds of long ago tnat
the representations of features of leaders
long since departed called forth.
The president's desk was ornamented
with huge bouquets 'and between these
were the trumpets through which the
old officers were wont to direct their men.
These trumpets were also fraught with
pleasant memories; in fact it was a day of
memories and the old boys who ran with
the machine when the century was in its
prime grew young again as they viewed
the emblems of former struggles with the
devouring element.
Prominent among the decorations was a
bust of Lilly Hitchcock, the first and only
honorary member of the Fire Department.
It was her distinguished honor to be a
member of tbe Knickerbocker Company,
No. 5. That was a long time aj»o, but sne
yet lives at Larkspur, Marin County, to
tell of her popularity with the tire laddies.
There were o; her things not so ornamen
tal, but none the less cheerful, in the nail.
At each end was a hospitable-looking
table ladened with cood things to eat and
drink, especially to drink, and the open
handpd Exempts dispensed of their uood
cheer HWally to their guests, not forget
ting the demands of their own inner men.
There was speochraaking, too, and
songs that were lou-i and lively. The
speeches were not set affairs, but they had
the true ring, and the patriotic utterances
with which they abounded and the com
plimentary references to the old firemen
brought forth applause that would have
warmed the cockles of any orator's heart.
Major K. A. Sherman" was the first
speaker called upon. After recounting
the history of the acquisition of California
by the United States, he said: "When
Commodore Bloat raised the American
nag down went church and state, and
every roan, be be what he is or who he is
can worship as he pieases. We don't care
what a man believes. He can go to
heaven or hell as he pleases and in bis
own way.
'•I want to say a word in favor of the
old flag, he concluded. "The stars in
that tiay, come from heaven. There is not
a downtrodden race but looks up to those
stars. That flag is the sun of liberty that
shines for alj. I have been wounded in
defense of Uat flag, and it is my honor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
THE ASSEMBLAGE IN THE OLD PLAZA AS SEEN FROM BRENHAM PLACE YESTERDAY JUST AS THE FLAG WAS FLOATED TO THE BREEZE.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
to-day in this assemblage of its loyal sup- I
porters to propose three cheers for the j
stars and stripes."
The cheers were given with right good- ;
will.
Harry Niemann, formerly of the Tivoli,
entertained the company with a German
dialect recitation, which was uimultunusly
encored. Then Gus Pullman, assisted by
Niemann and Sam Striker, sane "When '
iWe Ran With the Old Masheen." It was
a song that went directly to the hearts of
their auditors, and the hearty voices of ,
the youthful old firemen rang out in the i
chorus in a volume that belied their year;-. ;
Major Pico, one of the historic quests of
the occasion, was the next speaker. Major
Pico is a son of the man who presented
Portsmouth plaza to San Francisco, and
is one of the most prominent fitrures in
California history. The major spoke en
thusiastically of the honor which he felt,
not oniy in being a descendant of the Pico
family which had surrendered California
to the United States, but in being Himself |
a citizen of this Republic. "I am a true
American," he said, "and lam also a na- j
tive son. I would to-day be proud to go I
out and fight for that glorious flag if my i
country needed me."
One of the most prominent of the guests
of honor yesterday was Mrs. W. C. R.
Smithy whose brother, Joe Vasanez, had
brought from San Jose the flag that was
raised in this City fifty yeurs ago. "Cap
tain Leidesdorff sent my brother to Mon
terey to get the flag," said Mrs. Smith
yesterday, "and Joe made the trip on
horsebacK, keepine to the mountains and
to the brush in order to elude tbe enemies
who were on the lookout. My brother
finished his long ride in very quick time
and broueht the flag safely to this City."
Mrs. Smith, who is probably one of the
oldest native daughters in the State, was
born in San Jose. In 1843 her mother,
Mrs. J. J. Viogei, who had married the
first surveyor who laid out the plan of the
City of San Francisco, came to this City,
and S3on after her daughter followed.
Mrs. Smith, who owned up to having been
in her younger days tlie favorite girl with
tbe Americans in California, is the wife of
W. C. R. Smith, a prominent exempt of
old "California 4" and "Knickerbocker 5"
companies.
Following is a list of the now living
members of the old Exempt Company,
most of whom assisted yesterday in the
reception at Brenham place:
Claus Spreckels, William Alvord, William G.
Badger, John S. Durkee, I. \V. Lees, Joseph F.
Marshall, Jurats Smith, Charles M. Plum,
George W. Keni.ard, Charles Srhultz, Charles
S. Eeles, W. L. Ryekmnn, A. Browning, John
M. Gardner, Pincus Harris, P. D Quintan, J. B. \
F. Louis. A. J. Jessup, Henry A. Chase, S. 8.
Kohn, John 8. Dryer, C. Turner Jr., George T.
Bohen, Henry Wieland, N. R. Sewell, Isaac
Harrington, James O'Donnell, P. H. Fleming,
E. Valencia, A. P. Hotaling, Adam Bmith, T.
H. Harders, J. J. Crowley, Jacob Freeman,
Michael Ryan, C. Murr, John Cook, B. H.
Schunhofl, R. E. Blauvet Jr., H. Peyser, James
Riley, Herman Bendet, Andrew Banrs, J. J.
Mundwyler, Thomas Neary, James Grady
Edward Commins, E. T. Antony, M. J. Dolan!
Charles R. Nolte. Godfrey Fisher, Henry Hock,
G. W. Osborn, William Larltins, Henry Voor
man, Leon Aradon, James Madden. Ed St- ffle
bach, R. Caverly, John G. Heim, Simon Fitz
patrick, R. T. Browu, J. W. Kemp, Washington
living, John J. Mahoney, George B. Hess, J. H.
McMenomy, Thomas Fox, James W. KfenUel
C. Vorrath, Charles B. McFarlane, P. D. Wil
kins, Louis Bendt. Samuel Stryker, John F
Lyons, Henry Sutliff, Joseph Figel, Francis
Richards, John McCarthy, Samuel Newman.
John Stratman, George J. Hobc. S. M. Locke
Martin Bulger, Christian Kubicke, John J.
Guilfoyle, J. M. Priairo, Henry D. Hudson,
John Brougham. Charles W. Saunders, Joseph
F. Kohn, Mark Harris, George Grief, T. B.
Ro 1 inson.
Besides the Exempts, there were also
many other prominent Pioneers and Mexi
can War Vetrran>: S. J. Loop, presi
dent of the Mexican War Veterans; Major
Pico, Public Administrator Freese, Fire
Commissioner F. G. Edwards, Supervisor
C. L. Taylor, ex- Assistant Engineer George
Vi\ Kennard. "Uncle' Georee T. Bromley.
ex-Judge Robert Ferral, the president of
the Society of Old Friends; W. W. Mavil
president of the Oakland Exempts, anu
President Phineas Martin of the Aiameda
Exempt Company.
The committees having in charge the
various features of the day's celebration
were: The committee of arrangements
consisting of George T. Bohen, A. T. Jes
sup, J. J. Guilfoyle, Jo eph Figel, James
O'Donnell and J. J. Mundwyier, and the
banquet committee, consisting of William
Larkins, Charles W. McFarlan and Henry
A. Chase.
Judjje Robert Ferral was called upon,
and judging from the enthusiasm wnich
his remarks elicited made the speech of
the day. "1 am grown old enough and
have talked enough," he said, "to be will
ing now to take a back seat and listen to
others talk. I have been persuaded, how
ever, to make a few remarks. I am glad
to be among the veterans who are cele
brating nere to-day. They majce the
young fellow sashamed of themselves — and
lam one of the young fellows. If there is
anything that appeals to public honor
and to patriotism the Exempt Firemen
are always to the iront.
"To-day, when the passing years have
whitened their heads, the same spirit
that prompted them in their ycuths to go
forth and do battle with the fierce flames
prompted them to-day to come forth and
honor their native land. When this flag
was first raised over the City of San Fran
cisco this Sate siad th« greatest ngnting
men in tbe world. Tt has been said iiere
to-day that in tbe Mexican War the Amer
icans never lost a battle. This ha been
denied by Mexican authority. They say
the Yankees were repeatedly defuattu,
but, confound them, they didn't know it.
"It has been said t: at no man in whose
heart beats the pulse of liberty looked
upon the flag which Commodore Sioat
haw raised without enthusiasm. But this
is a mi-take. There was one man.
"Soon after Commodore Sioat raised the
American flag the commodore of the
British navy, who had been .-ent out to
make a conquest of California, sighted
these shores. He sent one of his men
aloft and asked him whot he saw. The
man replied .c saw some ensign afloat.
'What is it?' asked the commodore, and
the man replied, 'It is tbe flag of the
United States Republic.'
"And then Commodore Collingwood
said, 'Damnation 1'
"We find that Sloat's action forestalling
the English Government gave us Califor
nia, Glad lam to be with you to-day to
honor Old Glory. I don't think there is a
man but who, when he saw that flag run
ud to-day and saw it kissed by the breeze
of heaven, thanked God that he was an
American and believed that it was tbe
finest piece of bunting in the world. I love
it, not because it is The most beautiful of
flags, but because it is the oniy flag liberty
has ever given us, and it represents all hu
manity.
"It is that flag that gives the liberty of
conscience. We may bow to different
a. tars, we may be Democrats, Popunst. or
anything you please, but above all we are
Americans, loyal to tbe grandest flag that
ever floated 'neaib the skies."
At the conclusion of Judge Ferrall's ad
dress he was given three rousing cneers
and then tbe Exempts started up the
chorus, "He s a Jolly Good Fellow," which
was joined in with a will.
Hany Niemann amused the assemblage
for a wnile. Jack McGreany, of the Poiice
Department, sang, "Tbe Engine That's
Housed on the Hill," and George Kinney
sang another song dear to the hearts of
Exempts, ''Seaman's Chief Again." In all
these the old firemen joined in the chorus
Charles Wilson, and old exempt, told a
number of interesting reminiscenses of
early days in the department, and warmly
eulogized the fire laddies of the volunteer
organizations.
James O'Donnell, another Exempt,
made a humorous and at times eloquent
address on the flag and the Fire Depart
ment. He regretted that he was not in
California when Captain Montgomery
raised the stars and stripes in San Fran
cisco. He explained that at that time he
was but 14 years ot age and nad not yet
left nis native land.
Proceeding more seriously h« eulogized
the flag as the banner of religious and
civil liberty to which the down
trodder of every race looked hopefully.
As a fitting final to the celeoration three
rousing cheers were given for the flag, and
a stanza of "America" was sum;.
VETERANS ARE PLEASED.
Thank the Exempt Firemen for tha
Generous and Cordial Reception
Accorded Them.
The Veterans of the Mexican War met
last evening at their hall, 22 O'Farrell
street. All the members were highly
pleased at the success of the celebrations
at Monterey and yesterday at the plaza.
The first suggestion of having such a cele
bration was made at a meeting of the Vet
erans almost a year and a half ago, and it
was through the efforts of individual
members of the association that enthusi
asm was aroused in the matter.
Major Sherman especially has been very
active in bringing about the celebration,
and besides giving much of his time has
expended money in the cause. Last Dight
resolutions thanking Major Sherman for
all hr- has done to make the matter a suc
cess were passed, and will be suitably en
grossed and presented to the major.
The following resolution, offered by
Henry Schwartz, was also adopted by
the association :
Resolved. That the Mexican War Veteran As
sociation of San Francisco hereby expresses its
high appreciation of the generous and cordial
reception its members received from the Ex
empt Firemen of San Francisco on the fiftieth
anniversary of raising the American flag at
San Francisco by the commander of the United
States steamship Portsmouth July 9, 1846.
The following letters of thanKs were also
| sent to President George T. Bohen of th-
Exempts and Colonel William H. Menton
of the Southern Pacific for their courtesies
extended to the veterans during the cele
bration just closed:
George T. Bohen, President of Exempts— Dear
Sir: .f lease accept for vourselt and the Ex
empts ihe thunks of the Veterans of the Mexi
can War for the very elegant and hospitable
reception and entertainment received by them
from you on the fiftieth anniversary (July 9)
of hoisting the stars and stripes on Portsmuuth
I square. S. J. Loop, President.
Colonel William H. Menton, Passenger Agent of
i Southern Pacific Company— Bear Sir': Through
me the Veterans ot the Mexican War wish to
express to you their thanks for your kind at
tention an>l care in looking after their trans
portation to and from Monterey on July 7,
| 1896. S. J. Loop.
IS IT ALL FOR NOTHING?
Judge F. W. Van Reynegom
Thinks There Is No Fran
chise to Sell.
Legal Complications Likely to Arise
Over the Geary-Street
Grant.
The San Francisco Association of Im
provement Clubs has submitted to the
law and legislative committee of that
body the question of the legality of the
franchise lately passed by the Supervisors
to the Geary-street cable line.
This committee after considering the
law and tlie facts of the case have agreed
upon recommending the following report
back to the main body :
First— As the franchise has seven years yet
to run the City has no franchise to >ell, it be
ing the property of the Geary-street, Park and
Ocean Railroad for seven years.
Second — One of thu conditions of the sale is
that the purchaser must commence the build
ing of the road within one year and comp.ete
it within three years, and as the present com
pany has posse^sion of the roadway and street
under its present franchise, and will have the
tame for seven years, it would be impossible
for any purchaser of the franchise, outside of
the present corporation, to comply with the
conditions of the sa.e. as possession of the
street could not be obtained ior seven years.
Third— That as thU is evidently an attempt
of the present corporation to forestall the
provision of the new charter relative to the
sale of franchises, the board should be en
joined from proceeding further in the at
tempted sale.
Commenting upon the subject yesterday
Judne Van Reynegom said:
"Tbe matter of the proposed sale of the
Geary-street Railroad franchise by tbe
Board of Supervisors came under my con
sideration as a member of the committee
on law, legislation and public action of the
Associated Improvement Clubs, to which
committee a protest against the sale was
referred.
"To an outsider it looks as if a majority
of the Supervisors in voting to sell this
franchise now were treating a pubiic trust
as a private snap, although some ot those
who voted for it may have persuaded
thems-elves that it is the correct thing to
give the present owners of the franchise
an inducement to rebuild and improve tbe
road.
"The law of 1893 contemplates that there
shall be a bona-nde competition for the
purchase of a franchise of this kind in pro
viding that it shall be advertised for ten- I
dera or bids and awarded to the highest
bidder. Whether intentional or not the
advertisement of this franchise is so
worded as to effectually preclude competi
tion. The advertisement reads: S■< ii,,n
2. The foregoing is made upon the lollow
ing conditions, to be strictly complied wiin
by the said grantee, its successor* and as
signs: * • » Fourth— Work to 000*
struct said railroad must be connm-m-ril
within one year from the date of the pan«
ase of this order, and the same mn i In
completed within three years tbcrtt
"In view of the fact that the board will
not have any ri^ht to interfere with tin
possession of the present owner of th«
iraucoise for seven years or more, it Ik
difficult to see how a successful bid.nr on
& sale at ;his time can comply with the
last-mentioned requirement. The board
simply has no such rich; to grant.
"The advertisement offering the fran
chise to the highest biddor it therefore
further oren to the objection that it con
tains the following unusual and unreason
able requirement: 'No bid for tbe franchise
herein referred to and offered for sale will
be considered unless the amount offered
therefor shaii be the sum ol $5000 or over,
and unKss accompanied with the sum bio.
in gold coin or a certified check, payable to
said clerk, which amount so bid on the
granting of said franchise to the success
ful and h guest bidder shall be, by said
clerk, paiu into the City and County
treasury to the credit of the Street Depart
ment fund.'
"Tbe usual rule in calling for bids is to
only* require sucu deposit with the bid in
ad w. nee as will be likely to insure good
faitu»on the part of the bidder. I opine
t:.at«io one will care to deposit anything
like what this franchise for fifty years is
reasonably worth under conditions impos
sible of performance. It does not look like
a fair offer of the franchise to the highest
bidder, even if the Doard had any right to
grant it at this time. A franchise granted
under thes,e conditions would be heid by
uncertain tenure and be peculiarly vulner
able to attack."
Assuming this to be the legal status of
the case, the crooosed bargain and sale of
the franchise falls to the ground.
CENSURED THE ROAD.
The Market- Street Company Held Re
sponsible for the Death of Young
Watson Manning.
A Coroner's jury sitting in the case of
W T atson Manning, a boy of 8 years, kiiled
by a Mission electric car July 4, returned
a verdict yesterday severely censuring the
Market-street Railroad Company for not
using proper fenders.
Eight witnesses were examined and the
preponderance of evidence went to show
that the child had no warning of ap
proaching danger. The signal bell did
not ring, the motorman standing in such
_______ NEW TO-DAY.
I '"MAKES M dj^ H
I PEOPLE H : SANDEN H
| STRONG." 111 electric 111
"BET I 1 sP*§
;. I ™~^B Weak Men] 1
if i^ll V£* £? '»^_^ijj^||ii ikM^* Ess
Q t 1^ fJftHK W7SAKN«SB, OR LOSS OF MAWVt X*
5 'M^'rt-n -n%*r\. »S ..^ • TUror ta m *» ta * B«l>Je«t8 «l>Je«t worthy of de*p coc- ?
iQ H^/ OIL «> «id«ration. The knovrledge that yon .-.re not «,T.al Kg
V% -*^-»«- >• JN. to the demands of nature In jour vital poww- »§
§ , - to 'm . •£$ Ui * t your P 11 * 91 "* 1 niannood it waning— is a knowt- §K2
£* B"^ V%T/» ■■• $3 "*** Ulat shoold urge yoij to prompt action: it ' ife
6 JL. \9jL ' 22 ■*' Olll<l rorc * y°° to adopt the only scientific mvi Ec
yI >' ' 95 ** recoTering yoar •trea^th— your manhood. Kg
*2 < W"7*jHHS «9< t^ 19 means '" Uircmgn trx< d«iiy application o< It*
S \ iTWITI* §i ,r * Sand(>n ' 8 Rl^trto nHt. with fr« di»r«P««Ty. j^
: t\ X VP felt §* It lnfus ™ the natonl t>a*l« of ,H «atn>«l Hf%— EQ
i-C MO ElectrJ « i Into your impoverished n«rT««, «nd Eg
; . jQ _^ , • 55 *° * : £ew raontto* r**t«r«i «otnplet« maaboad. wS
v 5 jTY*V Xi ;-.-" E>r. S«n<letr« e*t«*r«tp.l boo*, "Thr*o Cla<wo« of |1>
f•' ! Orf\ E* *a.'' should t» in^ the ImiMi m er«y »«n wt>*U «£
/ V&«5rW SH not perfect In tnsnhool. H riv <H. tv«'»,Mv« for r«*«» ir^
''* £*W?^r«? weakacM. >nd **p»«to« to ytm . sM po*m~ Kg
V xy/^J^TCT SjjS cure. It I* fnHK s*>u,i font. IfSj
W ■ j|E -630 ' Market "tw 1 *- opposite fat ace MrttM, San
>Q - ■ .../,• ■ FrßncltiHv, Oai. <)fl(Vc« howr*, 8 a^m. to^;*\-enmp!, X
;4?^T^5!P2"W?5^E i s©?RS^^ ' T!°o r t ; Sun ' u V' 10 to 1. l,rt»Ans?Mf<*,MlUN>', PtS
/-lK(i^q^m^^s^^^^j 8l * BoUth Broft . d^y? l\->rt Jnnd, Or., 2 1^3 \\«,hln^
7BMMIM IBBWT 1 ' : liJcitKAii* 1 -^ iv+* x i
a position as to prevent his seeing any ob
ject on the track.
Motorman Begley said he did not see
the boy and did not realize what had been
done until people told him. The car was
not running at fuli speed, he said, on ac
count ot its being a holiday.
The jury returned tue following verdict:
And we further find that deceased came to
his death by accident, and we hereby further
find that the fenders used on said car (Misson
strcet Electric Road) were defective, and we
hereby censure the Mnrket-street Railroad
Company for not having proper fenders.
.Sienefl: E. P. Duffy (foreman). Ash H. Phelps,
John O'Brien, L. ;?. Fisher. D. J. McDonald,
Herman Waldeck, J. Slack, F. H. Person.
Six other inquests were held, verdicts of
suicide being rendered in five as follows:
William \v. McCormick, gas; Frank G.
Smith, gas; Georue Wallenrod, gunshot
wound; Simon Askins. gaa inhalation;
William Hansen, gas inhalation. In the
case of Mrs. Kate Baldwin, wno drank
two ounces of carbolic acid under the
impression it was whisky, a 7erdict of
accidental death was returned.
In the absence of Coroner Hawkins,
Justice Kerrigan presided at the inquests.
feu»*vt>«;i r u-.Vf crrriiM.
Commencing to-morrow the California Base
ball League teams, will play Saturday games.
In the initial contest the San Franciscos will
oppose the San Joses. Following is the makeup
of the two teams:
San Franciscos Positions San Joses
Cooney. Pitcher Ttlsoa
Swett — Catcher Scott
Murphy Firs: base .......Leonard
Smith.... Second base. Hanley
Sweeney ....Third base tirown
Krufj.. ....; Shortstop. ..Robinson
Jones Center field.. -ratth
Peter 5......... Left field Zann
Johnson Riht field Nelson
A i r <>'
Suit has been commenced against Moritz
Stach yon Galtzheim for the recovery of
$576 40 on a note made in favor of FrieJriclis
<fe i.eicke. The instrument was drnwn up In
July, 1892, and bears interest at the rate of 2
per cent a montn.JAMES G. FAIR
SIGNED THE DEED,
J. J. Cooney, Ex-Notary,
So Testifies Under
Oath.
ALL DAY ON THE STAND
Cross-Examination Only Devel
ops Details of the Original
Story.
WERE NO NEW DEVELOPMENTS
Mrs. Craven Was Too 111 to Appear
and Mrs. Haskins Is Out
of Town.
The entire day was consumed in Judge
Slack's court yesterday taking the deposi
tion of J. J. Cooney in the matter of the
proceeding brought by the special adniin-
fac-. Simile ct the Entry Made by Notary J. J. Cooney fn His Notarial Record of
the Acknowledgment of the Pencil Deeds.
istrators of the Fair estate to quiet title to
the two pieces of property which Nettie R.
Craven claims as having been deeded to
her by Senator Fair.
Mrs. Craven was too ill to be present.
Dr. Marc Levincston took the stand and
so testified.
Judge Slack announced that he intended
to go away on a two weeks' vacation, and
any matter not brought forward this week
must be postponed until August 3.
Mr. Del mas said he was ready to go on
with the matter of the will on twenty-four
hours' notice.
It was agreed to postpone the taking of
the deposition of Mrs. Craven until August
3, and with it this branch of the inquiry.
as George Knight refused to take up any j
other witness.
"Then," said Delmas, "we may proceed
at once to take the depositions in the will
contest."
".tirst come first served," said Mc-
Enerney. "We desire to take some deposi
tions in that matter."
"We are ready," said Delmas. "I would
have our witnesses called — I will call them
myself."
The names of the long list of attorneys
on the other side were called, including,
besides, Richard V. Dey— he of the half- |
million contract. They were Garret Me- |
Enerney, Renben H. Lloyd, W. 6. Wood, 1
Charles S. Wheeler, Mountford S. Wilson,
Russell Wilson. George A. Knight, C. J.
Hecgerty, W. S. Goodfellow, W. M. Pier
son and R. B. Mitchell.
A half dozen of them did not answer.
Goodfellow had not been served, they
said; Mountford Wilson and Charles S. !
Wheeler were away on their vacations,
Hegserty would be in court in the after
noon, Wood and Pierson could be sum
moned from their offices.
"I will not consent to go on with this
matter until the witnesses summoned are
here in oourt," said .Delmas. " I will not
proceed with the matter In piecemeal as
the other is being done."
So this too was laid over until August 3, j
at which time all this other matters are on |
the calendar. This left the way clear for
the deposition of Mr. Cooney in the suit to
quiet title brought by the special adminis
trators against Mrs. Craven and others.
Mr. Cooney was called at the instance of
Delmas & Shortridge.
When Mr. Cooney was called a quiet
mannered young man responded and was I
sworn, and from that time until court ad
journed at 5 o'clock he was the center of
interest. Mild-mannered scarcely conveys
the idea in Mr. Cooney's case. "Indiffer
ent" is better. During all those hours he
was being constantly requested to raise his
voice— to "speak louder." But he did
not speak louder.
The direct examination closed at half
past 12, at which time in answer to Mr.
Delmas' questions the witness had told all
that The Call of yesterday said he would
tell— that Senator Fair came into his office
and personally made the acknowledg
ments to the deeds — that he remembered
the circumstance perfectly well.
Mr. Delmas turned the witness over to
the other side and Mr. McEnerney tailed
for the noon recesß.
"I would prefer to go on," said Judge
Slack, "if we can finish with this witness
in a reasonable time."
"We cannot conclude with this witness
within a couple of hours," said McEnerney.
6o the recess was taken and at 2 o'clock
the audience and attorneys returned to j
their piaces with every prospect of a fine
afternoon's entertainment— of seeing Mr.
cooney cross-examined out of all sem
blance to his mild-mannered self.
Great was the The
witness was considerably more at his ease
under the cross-examination than be was
under the first flush of taking the chair.
His indifference grew upon him.
He produced a whole library of records,
including the boo* in which the entry of
i the Fair-Craven deed acknowledgments
| were made and a eashbook that developed
! nothing save some entries of the indebted
ness of some of the lawyers in the case
that provoked some amusement. The
witness simply and quietly repeated under
the close cross-questioning the story he
tola under the direct examination.
Judge M. Cooney, the witness' father,
j was in the courtroom during the whole
i day, a close listener to his son's testi
mony.
Miss Margaret Craven, Mrs. Craven's
daughter, sat with her mother's counsel,
Delmas and Shortridge and Lansing Miz
ner.
Mr. Delmas conducted the taking of the
deposition on behalf of Mrs. Craven, and
Garrett McEnerney, assisted by R. B.
j Mitchell, cross-examined.
The witness testified that he is 32 years
old, and was a notary public from Octo
ber, 1887, to January, 1895.
Mr. Delmas produced a photograph of
James G. Fair, whose likeness th« witness
recognized. He then produced the now
famous deeds with their acknowledge
ments and declared the signature to the
latter was his own; that the seal was his
own.
Delmas read the acknowledgment: "Per
sonally appeared before me, Jame G. Fair,
known to me to be the person so repre
sented."
Witness said the facts set forth were
true. He said he had no personal ac
quaintance with Senator Fair at the time,
but knew him well by sight and could not
| have been mistaken. Then Delmas went
j into detail that no possibility of doubt
should remain.
"Who brought these conveyances to
you?" he asked.
"Mr. Fair."
"Who hand them to you?"
"Mr. Fair."
•'Who acknowledged them to be his and
to be signed by him ?"
"Mr, Fair."
"Did you after that fill out the certifi
cate of acknowledgement? 1 '
"I did."
"Did you make an entry in your books
i of this transaction?"
"I made a memorandum."
"Have you that book with you here?"
"I have."
The book was produced and the memo
randum read, as follows:
27. James G. Fair to Nettie R. Craven.
Deed date September 8,*694. Gift. Lot NW.
corner Eleventh, and Mission streets, N. 2 25
by 550.
11. James G. Fair to Nettle R. Craven.
Deed date Sept. 8, 1894. Gift. Lot SW. cor.
Pine and Sansome streets, 227}£ feet by 137'^.
The memorandum, as was all the others
in the book, was written in pencil.
Photographs of the deeds were pre
! sented by Delmas as exhibits, it not being
! the intention to leave the original docu
ments.
Here the recess waa taken. Mr. Mc-
Enerney began the cross-examination in
the afternoon by going into the history of
Mr. Cooney's appointment as notary by
Governor Waterman In 1887, and follow- I
i ing it until he resigned in 1895. His office
i was at 11 Montgomery street, in the Lick
House block, at the time Mr. Fair made
the acknowledgments referred to.
The witness could not remember what
time of day it was that Senator fair came
into his office, nor did he remember
whether he really came into the stall of
which his office consisted ; did not re
member what he said exactly; did not
know about the property conveyed in the
deeds; he had, however, a distinct recol
lection of tne Senator's visit.
Mr. McEnerney asked minutely as to the
circumstances, the number of chairs in
the stall, whether he was seated at his
desk or standing up when the Senator
came in, but the witness had no distinct
recollection of these circumstances.
He did not remember ever havinc seen
Senator Fair after this; did not know of
ever having taken the acknowledgements
of any other deed written in pencil. He
never spoke to any one about the circum
stance of the acknowledgements; was first
spoken to about the matter about two
weeks before the deeds were put on record.
George R. Williams and Stephen Roberts
came to him and asked if the signature
and seal were his ; he said they were. He
also told them that he remembered Sena
tor Fair coming into the office, bnt could
not recall what it waa about without look
ing up his record, but he would remember
it then. Witness kept no cash account or
record of his receipts as notary.
He identified the natarial record and
said that he knew what the deeds pur
ported to convey, aa the descriptions were
written there.
The records kept by the witness of his
business as notary from 1887 to the end of
1894 were produced. They were neatly
written sheets of yellow legal blank paper,
bound in parts containing each the record
of a year. The witness said these were
not the original entries, but that copies
had been made from the original and the
original thereupon destroyed — all except
the record of the last year which remained
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
as originally written. This contained the
entry in question.
He knew that the deeds referred to were
deeds of Rift. He did not know Mrs.
Craven; never heard of her before that
time; did not remember being introduced
to Mrs. Craven by Mr. Barkis at J. J.
O'Farrell's; did not know Mrs. Haskins.
Mr. McEnerney then called for the cash
book. The witness said he kept no cash
book — only a book showing indebted
ness to him. This was at his home. Mr.
McEnerney insisted on having it, and a re
cess was taken to allow him to get it.
The witness Drought the book, but it
revealed nothing relevant — a little in
debtedness by Knight & Heggarty that
caused a laugh.
This ended the inquiry. The books
were all offered in evidence by McEnerney.
Mr. Delmas stated that it had been
agreed to take the deposition of Mrs. Has
tms, but upon inquiry it was found that
she was at San Leandro. She could be
called into court to-morrow if desired.
Mr. Mitchell made objection against her
being introduced in advance of Mrs.
Craven. The whole matter, he thought,
should go over until August 3.
"I simply wanted to expedite the busi
ness," said Delmas, assenting.
GROCERS' OFFICERS.
j Arrangements Made by the Retail
Protective Union for a Grand
Picnic.
The Retail Grocers' Protective Union,
lately reorganized, held a meeting last
night at B'nai B'rith Hall for the election
of officers. The following were chosen:
J. T. Hurley, president; Simon Vock,
vice-president: J. B. Mahoney, treasurer;
directors— C. H. Becker, Charles Claussen,
J. G. Florance, J. J. Hayes, Charles Hen
ning, Charles Menn, J. McElroy, Charles
Meier, J. C. Meyer; trustees— T. Cor
nelius, David Mehden, F. Steimke. L. F.
Dolder is acting as secretary pro tern,
until the board of directors appoint a
permanent secretary.
Arrangements were made to hold a grand
picnic Sunday, August 9, at Schuetzen
Park.
SUFFRAGISTS WIDE AWAKE
State Precinct Work Is Rapidly
Being Reduced to a
System.
The Rev. Anna Shaw, Her Vacation
Being Over, Will Lecture in
Oregon and the East.
"I believe in patronizing the weaker sex,
sol have a man dressmaker; and as I
have an appointment with him I must not
make the poor fellow wait too long."
The Rev. Anna Shaw was evidently
tired. She half reclined in a luxurious
easy chair in the elegant quarters of the
Woman Suffrage State Central Committee
and fanned her heated face with a clerical
looking handkerchief of spotless lawn.
The gifted lady, despite her recent fa
tiguing labors, looks well. Yesterday she
woie a natty tailor-made traveling costume
of pearl-gray tweed, set off by rows of
ornamental stitching and a few lustrous
mother-of-pearl buttons. A simple but |
fetching little hat crowned the wealth of
hair just beginning to show a few threads
of silver, and the bright, open counte
nance was charming in its tasteful setting.
"Yes." pursued Miss Shaw, "I am tired,
though I Lave been loaiing for ten whole
d ays. I have been enjoying a little outing \
in Santa Barbara and expected to rest '
there, but the drives in the neighborhood !
were so lovely that I could not resist the
temptation, and rode and drove all the
time.
"But," she went on in more serious
vein, "now I shall have to don the harness
again. To-night I leave for Oregon City
where I shall on Saturday and Mon- '
day, returning immediately in o»-der to i
lecture at Pacific Grove, on the 17th, at i
Long Beach on the 20th, and then take the
train for the States. In the East I will |
address conventions at various places in i
Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri, Ohio and I
New York. The Eastern work will keep
me busy about a month, after which I
hope to return to California to await the j
victory which will, I trust, be ours in No- i
vember."
At the Woman Suffrage headquarters in
the Emporium building things have a
very busy, business-likelook. Miss Hay,
the usually genial chairman of the State
Central Committee, was positively formid
able as she sat behind a towering breast
work of piled-up letters dictating replies
to a little army of bewitching, though un
approachable, stenographers.
"Our State work is getting on famously,"
she took time to remark, "and within a
brief space will be thoroughly organized.
The work in the interior has been oontided
to Miss Harriett Mills, Miss Laura Ran
dall, Mrs. Ida C. Hazlett, late of Colorado,
and Mrs. Owens of Chico. Mrs. Naomi
Anderson, a gifted and eloquent colored
woman of Sacramento, will tour the State
lecturing to members of her race, among
whom are said to be 12,000 or 15,000 voters.
"The papers have been uniformly kind
to us, and even the journals which have
opposed our cause have, generally speak
ing, done so in a decent manner.
"Of course," she concluded with a smile,
as she returned to her work, "we would all
swear by The Call— if ladies ever did
swear, which they don't."
HE CUT HIS THROAT.
Attempted Suicide by a Patient at the
City and County Hos
pital.
Richard Clayton, a native of England,
about 38 years of age, went to the City and
County Hospital yesterday morning for
treatment.
He bad a cut in his right wrist which he
said had been inflicted in a fight with an
other man. The wound was drassed and
he was placed in one of the surgical wards.
By some means he got possession of a
razor, which was probably concealed in
his clothing, and during the afternoon cut
his throat, severing his windpipe and the
main arteries.
He was hurried to the ODerating-room
and the gaping wound stitched and dressed.
The physicians at the hospital said last
night that his chances of recovery were
doubtful.
Clayton refused to gire any information
about himself, but it was ascertained that
he had been living in the Prescott House
on Pacific and Kearny streets.
The probabilrW is that he had attempted
to commit suicide by cutting the arteries
in his wrist with the razor and the sight
of blood had made him weaken.
Tim l,««l it lltw ' a w wffl 4,
When the State Board of Trade's magnificent
exhibit of California products was sent to the
Atlanta Exposition theexhibitors were award
ed 129 gold, silver and bronze medals and
diplomas. Many of these were brought back
by the management, but many were left be
hind to be forwarded later. Yesterday the
last of the awards of merit, fifty-two diplomas
were received at the Board of Trade tiead
quarters at 10 Post street. These will be at
once forwarded all over the State to the fortu
nate California exhibitors.
Til* (vni i.» UxrnnMh.
There will be a meeting of the Sons of Herr
mann this evening In Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter
street, for the special consideration of the new
charter for San Francisco.
F. W. Dohrmann. president, and J. Richard
Freud, secretary of the Merchants' Association
by special invitation will address the ineetine
upon the new charter.
HEARTY PISE
FROM HIS GRACE
Young Ladies' Institute En
livened by Archbishop
Riordan.
FINES FOR LAGGARDS.
President Now Shares the Au
thority to Construe the
Constitution.
NEW LAW CONCERNING PROXIES
Grand Literary and Musical Enter
tainment at the Temple in
the Evening.
The Young Ladies' Institute enjoyed a
little relaxation yesterday morning in fin
ing officers and delegates for coming in
late. There was a good deal of fun at this
unexpected event, but the tardy ones hast
ened to set themselves right with the fin
ancial secretory as soon as possible.
After the usual order of business was a
thing of the past, amendments came up
for discussion. The most important oi
MISS NANME NAGLE, MISS MAGGIE- NICHOLS,
Grand Cutsidc i.narJ. Grand Inside Guard.
The Two Young Ladies Uto See That Late-Comers at the Convention Uall
Receive the Proper Medicine for Laggards.
these, which divided the authority to in
terpret the constitution between the grand
president and the board of directors, was
adopted. Hitherto, that authority was
vested solely with the grand president,
but now she is merely one of . a board, of
which the directors are the, other mem
bers. "■ ■ <*l >' ■" ?<* "■■■-.' *•- f-U'i  r r •
A letter was received from Archbishop
i Hiordan and read to the council, in which
he stated that the kind invitation sent
him to pay the Institute a visit was ac
cepted and that his Grace would be present
in the afternoon. Hf[[f
The duties of the committee on returns
were vested in the finance committee.
Several delegates who had been pie
vented from being present at the organiz
ing of the Grand Council were present at
this session. Among them was Miss Kitty
Callinan of Na pa. The Misses Ida Me Adam
and Maggie Madden of Watsonyille are
expected to be present to-day.
At the morning's session Father Cum
mines was a welcome visitor. His frequent
words of .advice and 1m droll humor did
much to enliven the meeting.
In the afternoon a law concerning proxies
was enacted. It provides that when dele
gates to the Grand Council are in any way
prevented from attending that body the
president of the local council or a substi
tute will be granted admittance.
Archbishop lliordan then arose amid a
profound and respectful silence and ad
dressed the assemblage in that eloquent
style for which he is noted. The silence,
however, did not last long; the Archoishop
was irresistible in his humor, and every
body was soon in a roar of laughter.. His
speech in general was devoted to advising
and encouraging the members.
' After suiting his pleasure at receiving an
invitation to attend -the Institute and
meeting the delegates he said:
' "The Young Ladies' Institute is now a
recognized factor in the religious world.
The period of your probation is passed,
and you have the sympathy of the public
to re-enforce you in your struggle to lift the
burden from the oppressed and to succor
the sick and needy.
"It has always been a source of pleasure
to me to view the conduct of all the
branches in the archdiocese. You have
done good spiritually as well as tempo
rally. As your ideal you have taken that
great and noble woman who 1900 years
ago gave to the world a Divine Redeemer."
After referring briefly to the various dis
tinctions in womankind arising ,of late
years, the Archbishop continued: "The
unbelieving man is saved by the believing
wife, and the an believing world is saved
by, . the believers. The - world . needs
woman's help; and the more unlike ■ man
she is the broader is her scope, and' conse
quently the greater is her influence. This
may seem paradoxical, but it is true,
nevertheless. . '^ . •
"The influence for good which a woman
could wield over a man depends largely
on how closely she resembles his ideals—
bis mother and his sisters." ; ,
Archbishop Riordan concluded his ad
dress with some strong words of encourage
ment to the Institute to be found always
in the 'foremost of the movement for
charity and humanity. :..-,.
The acting crand president, Miss Sophia
A. Grote. thanked, the Archbishop in be
half of the Institute for bis words of com
mendation and encouragement, and a re
cess was declared till 9:30 a. m. to-day.
In the . evening . a /grand musical and
literary entertuiumont was given at Metro
politan Iliu; c under the auspices of the
Institute. - " ' •
Just back 'of the platform had \ been
placed two large American flags, and the
speaker's desk was also draped with the
fame colors. The hall was packed to
overflowing.;
:; , Every seat in the building was occupied
and many were forced, to stand ; against
the wall, both on the main floor and in
the gallery..
--'■■-' A very full and excellent •programme
had been prepared for the occasion, and
all the participants in the exercises were
encored. The programme was as follows:
Ci\jan selection Professor Harrison
Si-lection Knickerbocker Male Quartet
D. M. Lawrence, it. D. Evans, D. B. Crane,
Dr. L. A. .Larson. . . .• ; :
Vocal Solo ;........:... ....Mr. Harry Dlnan
IlecttAtlon..... Miss Charlotte Canty
Vocal selection. .....:. Mr. J. c. O'Donnell
selections Miss Mabel W'oolsey
Recitation (5e1ected).... ......:.......i>r. A. l. Hill
Soprano 5010... Miss Lottie Crawford.
Cornet solo .....■.......;..... M. Cirena an
filisa Louie Crawford
Vocal trio. .-{ Charles Uuettlng .
La Parent Jr. - - -
Selections......' Knickerbocker Male Quartet
Acc0mpani5t.. :.;...:.'.;.. "..'.71. Professor Harrison
{ To-night there will be a banquet to the
visiting- delegates in Native Sons' Hall.
The ladies have made elaborate prepara
tions for a successful feast and general
good time with which to end their session.
M'KiNLLY COLORED CLUB.
Men of the Dark Race Ally Them
selves With Kepublicanism.
The colored menot San Francisco organ
ized a Republican club at California Hall
on Bush street last night, at which there
was a large attendance.
More than 150 men signed the roll and
pledged themselves to support the Repub
lican party, and do all in their power to
secure the election of William McKinley
for President of the United States.
E. J. Jackson, John H. Williamson,
Ctmrles N. Jamison, Joseph Pinkard and
R. R. Lockett were appointed a commit
tee on permanent organization.
They recommended that the name of
the cluo should be '•Colored-American
MeKinley Republican Club." This was
unanimously adopted and the organiza
tion was named amid ereat applause.
The same committee recommended the
following-named members for officers:
j President, William N. Sanderson; first
vice-president, Georere W. Dennis; second
vice-president, W. R. Page; third vice
president. Rev. Stephen Severance; secre
tary, W. A. Butler; and treasurer, James
R. Phelps.
All of them were declared elected.
By the authority of the club the presi
dent appointed the following committees:
Executive committee— J. C. Reyer, E. J.
Jackson, W. W. Smith, J. L. Clayton, J. T. Cal
lender, Harry I'inkard, S. M. Davidson, A. J.
Grubbs, A. L. Dennis, John H. Williamson,
<'. A. Jamison, Harry Randolph aud Key. R. T.
Lauier.
committee oa rules and order— A. A. Graner,
Robert Thomas uud Richard Cochran.
Sboit but eloquent speeches on the duty
of the colored race to support the Republi
can party at the coming campaign were
made by the Rev. Stephen Severance, A.
A. Graner, A. A. Collins, President W. N.
Sanderson aud others, at all of which the
audience bhowed great enthusiasm and
prolonged applause as each speaker
touched the vital chord of the colored race
on the benefits brought to them under the
Republican party's administration.
CATHOLICS TO LECTURE,
The Young Men's Institute
Organizes a Labor
Bureau.
Officers Elected and Branches Estab
lished in California and
Nevada.
The Young Men's Institute now has a
lecture bureau which it proposes to em
ploy as a potent factor in spreading the
truth about the Catholic church.
At the recent Grand Council of the order
at Hay wards a resolution was adopted pro
viding for such an adjunct to the Youne
Men's Institute in this jurisdiction and
others. The selection of members wns left
to the grand president, and in conformity
with this plan Grand President Gallagher
has appointed the following as members
of the Central Lecture Bureau: Rev. P. C.
Yorke, Hon. J. F. Sullivan. Colonel James
F. Smith, Rev. James McDonald, James
C. O'Donnell, Thomas H. Fallon, Frank J.
Kierce and John Lynch.
'Ihese prominent members of the insti
tute have met and elected officers as fol
lows: Rev. P. C. Yorke, president; Frank
J. K. Pierce, vice-president; John E. Rich
ards Jr., secretary; John O'Donnell,
treasurer.
Almost immediately the work which the
bureau was designed to accomplish was
begun. Local bureaus have been estab
lished at Los Angeles and Sacramento,
Cai., and Virginiu City. Isev.
The central bureau will exercise a general
supervision over all lectures delivered
under the auspices of the Institute in car
rying out the provisions of the Grand
Council constitution relative to public lec
tures. It will only act, however, after
consultation with the local bureaus and
after having been advised of the localities
in their respective jurisdictions.
The members of the central bureau are
very enthusiastic and hope for the accom
plishment of great good as a result of these
public lectures.
It is believed that at the next meeting of
the central body a course of lectures will
be partially arranged.
HOT C MMIJ-TCIMSir.
Kii; lit Member* Added to the Republl-
can County Committee.
At a meeting of the Republican County
Committee at its Market-street headquar
ters last light eight new members of the
committee were appointed by Chairman
Manwaring, and the appointments were
confirmed.
Under the resolution adopted at the
previous regular meeting the chairman
was directed to appoint an additional
member of the committee in each district,
giving the committee a membership of
thirty-six instead of eighteen.
This step was taken to make the com
mittee still more representative of the best
elements of the party and to give it num
bers sufficient to attend well to the crowd
ing work of the campaign when divided
amoQg committees. C.. airman Manwar
ing is exercising great care in making his
selections, and in making them he is en
deavoring to satisfy as far as possible
everybody concerned. In some districts
several men have been urged for appoint
ment, and so it was that Chairman Man
waring did not have the full list ready last
night.
Those named and at once confirmed by
the committee were the following:
Twenty-ninth district— F. Hageman.
Thirty-first — William Smadeke.
Thirty-fourth— R. Schleuter.
Thirty-fifth— John T. Dare.
Thirty-seventh— John A. McCarthy.
Thirty-eighth — John L. Coster.
Forty-second — Harry N. Gray.
Forty-fourth— Philip Crongsgrill.
J. H. Thompson, county comuaitteeman
from the Thirty-fifth District, had urged
the appointment of John Daly instead of
John T. Dare, though he spoke highly of
Mr. Dare, and he waa so put out at his dis
appointment that he resigned his office as
treasurer of the committee. Harry N.
Gray was elected to the vacancy on mo
tion of J. M. Chretien.
THE CURTAIN DOWN
ON DR. BROWN,
He Left Yesterday for
Strawberry Point,
lowa.
A QUIET DEPARTURE.
Scores of Friends Accompany
the Pastor to the East-
Bound Train.
WIFE AND SON WENT WITH HIM
The So-Called "Independent Church"
Has Now Become a Thing
of the Past.
By yesterday morning's overland train
the Rev. Dr. Charles Oliver Brown left
the scenes amid which he had labored as
a pastor and suffered as an offender
against the moral law.
The warm, bright rays of the early
morning sun were gilding the waves of
the bay as Dr. Brown, surrounded by a
score or so of his most faithful friends,
turned his gaze toward the fast receding
city — the city in which ne had learned the
bitterness of criminal accusation and
the horror of mental torture— the city in
which he had also known the sweetness
which comes from friendly aid and con
solation.
On the wharf a crowd of bis parishioners
stood with tear-dimmed eyes waving their
adieu.
The departing minister seemed no less
affected than the flock which he was re
signing to the uncovenanted mercies of
destiny. On his right arm rested the wife
who had been the chief sharer in his
trials. On the other side stood Valentine,
the pastor's youngest son.
The boy aud his mother wept unfeignedly
as they saw the faces of dear friends be
coming less and less distinct aa the dis
tance increased. The pastor stood like a
soldier gazing upon the scene of a terrible
combat out of which he had come forth
alive, though sorely wounded, and then,
waving an inaudible blessing to the watch
ing crowd upon the wharf, he sought a
corner of the cabin, where he chatted as
freely and composedly as he could with
the knot of friends who were crossing the
bay with him.
"I will go to Chicago first," be said,
"and thence to Dubuque, lowa. There I
hope to meet my eldest son, who will take
us to his home at Strawberry Point, near
that city. There I hope to be restored to
health and strength again. Till I amweil
once more I cannot speak definitely as to
my future. It is !ik| that of my friends
and enemies, in the hands of God."
On reaching the Oakland mole the party
ascended the train which was in waiting,
and amid tears, prayers and blessing
Charles Oliver Brown, the man of mys
tery, imputed crime and unutterable suf- !
ferine, was whirled away, in all proba- i
bility never to return.
"Well, he' 3 gone," said Deacon Morse,
when the train had disappeared from view,
"His story was a strangely sad one. JDr.
Brown's worst and bitterest enemies must
acknowledge that he has shown himself to
be no coward. Our besc wishes follow him,
and I for one am sure that a happy life of
usefulness lies before him.
"When the dreadful scenes of the church
council and the Bay Conference were over,
a majority of the First Congregational
€hurch people wished to continue under
D.-. Brown's spiritual guidance. So they
inaugurated a series of voluntary meet
inps, over which they requested Dr. Brown
to preside. He consented. From the first
he met with every success, and all hoped
that under circumstances so eminently fa
vorable the doctor's health would rally
and he would soon become himself again.
"But these hopes were doomed. His
strength waned and last Sunday he col
lapsed. His being demanded rest, and he
has done well to cease his labors for a time.
"As for the 'Independent Church,' as
the newspapers call it, in the first place
there was never any such organization.
Dr. Brown's adherents merely held a series
of voluntary meetings and religious ser
vices. When we meet as a church again it
will be as the First Congregational Church
and under no other name.
"For the present the usual Sunday serv
ices will be dispensed with until the church
members can be brought together. The
Sunday-school and Christian Endeavor
meetings will, however, be continued with
out interruption. Meanwhile we will
await developments.
"The church building on Post street is
in constant need of care and repairs, and
its running expenses are much too high
for the present membership to bear. Still,
I was opposed to closine it, and only de
ferred to the united verdict of the trustees
in the matter, thoueh I was accused of
closing the church. We may worship there
again until we can find a purchaser for the
site, when we hope to build a new church
on Van Ness avenue. Thus far we have
not found a pastor, but will doubtless get
the right man soon. The story regarding
a Rev. Mr. Birch, published in one of the
papers, was made out of whole cloth.
"But," concluded the deacon, with a
tinge of reeret in his voice, "we will air
ways remember Dr. Brown and miss him."
SUING POP SULLIVAN,
Forty Thousand Dollars De
manded for an Injured
Reputation.
Hughes Was Arrested Four Times
at the Instigation of the
Saloon Man
"Poo" Sullivan has 3 pretty fight on his
hands. He has been sued for $40,000
damages by C. A. Hughes.
There is probably no one in San Fran
cisco Detter known to the men about town
and other local seekers after pleasure than
the proprietor of the Hoffman. For forty
years he has dispensed refreshments, both
solid and liquid, to the wayfarers within
the City's gates, and during that time there
are very lew who ever suspected the mild
mannered "Pop" of bearing malice. Yet
such may be the case, for Mr. Hughes,
through his attorneys, J. H. Henderson
and T. C. Kierulff, alleges that he has been
damaged to the extent of $10,000 on four
distinct occasions by actions of the de
fendant that are nothing if not malicious.
The complaint recites that on February
1, 1895, W. J. Sullivan procured the arrest
of C. A. Hughes on a charge of carrying a
concealed weapon, but that Judge Low
dismissed the complaint. For thus con
spiring to injure Hughes' good name,
reputation and business it is prayed that
Sullivan be assessed $10,000.
Again on February 1, 1395, Sullivan, not
to be balked of his revenge, filed another
complaint, charging Hughes with using
vulgar and obscene language and with try
ing to create a breach of the peace. Judge
Low convicted the defendant on this
charge, but the Superior Court reversed
his decision. For thus trying to injure
the complainant another $10,000 is desired
from the coffers of the saloon man.
On February 5, 18y5, a third charf, of
unlawfully carrying brass knuckles wa3
preferred against Hughes at the instiga
tion of Sullivan. Again did Judge Low
convict him and again did the Superior
Court reverse the decision. An additional
$10,000 is demanded for this persecution.
A fourth chargre, alleging assault upon
the person of W. J. Sullivan was made
against Hughes on February 5, 1895.
Judge Campbell dismissed it and a final
$10,000 is asked as a salve for this wound
inflicted upon Mr. Hughes' good name,
reputation and business.
The trouble between Hughes and Sulli
van dates back to an altercation about
Hughes bringing a colored woman to Sul
livan's place. Sullivan says he ordered
the pair to leave the cafe, and that Hughes
came back and assaulted him. The arrests
followed, the idea being that if Hughes
was convicted in the Police Court he would
lose his place in the office of Harry Wise.
Bar. Sullivan says that the cases in the
Superior Court were allowed to go against
him by default, because of an oversight on
the part of his attorneys.
i*l*:l>*lnr Owca l'.»inio».
Phillip Meyer instituted suit in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday against the
Wellbach Commercial Company and the Well
bach Light Company to recover $100,000, al
leged to be due as a royalty on a patent atmos
pheric burner. The defendants in the suit are
residents of New York, represented locally by
E. E. Ewing.
CUarc*fl Wlfil BurifluJT
William Filmer, electrotype work^ 424 San
some street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Joachimson's court yesterday charging James
Mackey with burglary. He accused Mackey of
breaking into his place on Wednesday and
stealing $12 worth of typemetal.
FALL OF THE BASTILE.
The French Citizens Will Elab
orately Celebrate Th s
Event.
Entire Proceeds Will Bs Donated to
the Relief Fund of the French
Hospital.
The executive committee, composed of
the presidents of the different French so
cieties of this City, met last night to com
plete arrangements for the next celebra
tion of the Fall of the Bastile to occur on
Tuesday next, July 14.
The celebration this year will take place
at the chutes and will be very elaborate in
every detail. Besides the various attrac
tions of the chutes there will be held in
the afternoon literary exercises and a vau
deville entertainment. In the evening
there will be fireworks and a concert, fol
lowed by a grand ball, which will last all
nipht.
The railroad companies have apreed to
furnish cars all night, a concession that
heretofore has never been granted to any
organization.
The entire proceeds of the celebration
will be donated to the relief fund of the
French Hospital Society. The following
programme has been prepared:
Overture, "La Fille dv Tambour Major," by
the orchestra; address, by Sylvain VVeill, presi
dent oi the day; "liail Columbia." by the
orchestra; allocution by the French Consul;
chorus, by La Lyre Francnise (French Choral
Society); English oration, by Professor E.
Knowlton; ''Star-Spangled Banner." Mme. L.
Fichter; French oration, E. J. Dupuy; "La
Marseillaise," by Marcel Perrow, chorus by La
Lyre Franchise; finale by orchestra.
Th« music will be furnished by A. Ronco
vieri, the Dopular leader of the American
Concert band. The fireworks are promised to
be particularly fine. Permission to set them
off has been obtained from the Supervisors.
The following is the committee on arrange
ments: Honorary president, French Consul
Laurence de Lalande; president of the day,
Bylvain Welll; vice-president and chairman
of literary and finance committees, P. A. Ber
gerot; secretary, J. Deschamps; treasurer, J.
B. Godeau.
KEW TO-DAT.
<* eBSTAI * coe o
DOCTOR SWEANY
That this noted specialist stands pre-
eminently at the head of the medical pro-
fession is no longer a question of doubt.
That he has investigated further into the
mysteries of . life and ! penetrated deeper
the secrets of disease, than his quite
worthy. but less successful associates, is
now acknowledged by all. His experi-
ence is lifelong, and h.s record right here
in San Francisco, at 737 Market street, is
aim ply ■"»: •—..>■;
A Series of Professional
Triumphs.
There are thousands upon thousands in
this land to-day who are praising his
name, because he has made their lives
happy and brought sunshine into their
homes. On Friday afternoons he treats
free of charge the poor who call at his
office. ; The following are among the dis-
eases he cures:
IXTFltlVlf ARf l tW All diseases of the
111 I CiUllrlL UliU Ail\ eye, ear, head, heart,
throat, lungs, liver, stomaoh ana bowels posi-
tively cured in the shortest possible time.
Special attention given to Rupture, Piles,
Blood and Skin Diseases and Female Com-
plaints.
VftlliUP \\V\ if you- are troubled with
lUUiIU 111 11, vital losses. exhauartng
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci-
ety, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-con nee, which da-
Srive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
t - you for study, business or marriage— if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. , Get well
and be a man. . "
MIDDLE-AGED ASD OLD MEftS&uffi.
of you ; troubled with weak, achinz backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impotency :or weakness of
sexual organs," and other unmistakable signs
of nervous • debility < and premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate -cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
PPHATF diseases — Gleet. Inflammations,
Illit/IIL Discharges, Strictures, Weakness
of Organ*, Hydrocele, Varicocele and kindred .
troubles quickly cured without pain and deten-
tion from business. .
Mill By this means you can describe your
21 Mil. troubles to the doctor if living away
from the city and unable to come to his office.
Treatment la this manner always satisfactory.'
Write for Dr. Sweany's very valuable treatise,
"Guide to Health." A perusal of it might save
much mental and physical suffering and add •
golden years to your Hours: 9 to 12 a. m.
and 2to 5 and 7 to BP. M. Sundays, 10 to 13
a. M. only. Address
P I CU/Pn II V II II 737 Market St.,
I . L. Oil {.Kill, m. Hi, san Francisco, Cat
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
-1-UZIJ.RI IT 7at TULfULEX*.
Mexican Dollars weaker.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dulL
leea Barley firmer.
Oats plentiful and weak.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Pink and Small White Beans lowar.
Choice Hay advancing.
Potatoes lower. Onions still cheap.
Butter plentiful and dull.
Cheese and line Eggs firm.
Vegetables m larger supply.
Apricots weaker.
Two cars Melons In.
ierr.es cheap.
a car of Eastern Poultry in.
Dried Apricots weak.
Provisions unchanged.
Wool dull.
t iplanatlon.
1 The arrow flies with -.he wind. The top figure* |
a: station indicate maximum temperature for the !
days: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hucdredths, j
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid 1
lines, connect poln's of equal air pressure; Iso- '
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the '-low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United STATES Department OF Aobicui<-
TrRE. Weather Bureau, Sax Francisco, July
9, 1896, & p. it. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re- j
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno 112, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
110. San Luis Obispo 82, Yuma 108, San Francisco
72, Los Angeles 82.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 72,
minimum 52, mean 62.
There has been little change in the pressure dis
tribution over the western half of the country
during the pant twenty-four hours. A large area
of low pressure lies over the great valleys of Cali
fornia, and with the accompanying stillness of the ,
air results in very warm weather. The tempera
ture throughout this entire region Is from fifteen
to twenty degrees above the normal.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather Friday
over the Pacific Coast generally, with continued
warm weather and little air stirring.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnuht, July 10. 1896:
Northern California — Generally fair Friday: con
tinued warm weather in the valleys and eastward:
light fog on the coast; light northwesterly winds
oil the shore.
. Southern California— Fair Friday ; continued high
temperature inland; light westerly winds on the
coast: light northerly winds in the interior.
.Nevada— Fair Friday : continued warm weather.
' Utah— Somewhat cloudy Friaay; continued high
temperature
Arizona — Cloudy weather in the eastern portion;
continued high temperature.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, light
fo_ r in the morning; light variable winds, becom
ing westerly and Increasing in force In the after
noon. ALEXANDER G. MCAIIIH,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW TORE MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. July 9.— The tendency of
stocks was downward to-day. In the first place
the market lacked foreign support, and instead of
buying, as of late.arbitrage houses sold moderately
of St. Paul and other international favorites.
Furthermore, commission houses were without
orders, and there was a general disposition on the
part of the bulls to await the outcome of the Chi
cago convention. ■ Speculation dragged along in a
listless manner until late In the afternoon session
u-nen the bears ana professional operators pro
ceeded to take advantage of the lack of interest
manifested by those usually arrayed on the bull
side.
sugar was the leading card, dropping from 11014
to 1073,4. The stock at the opening was strength
ened for a lime by an advance of one-sixteenth of
cent per pound in a certain grade of refined, but a
the firmness was short-lived. After Sugar tbe
weakest stocks were Chicago Gas, the Grangers
and Louisville and Nashville The selling of the
Grangers was accelerated by the reports from the
West of damage to spring wheat. St. Pail fell %
to 74, Burlington and Quincy 3 /i to 71%, Rork
Island % to 61*4 and Northwest •94 10 98%.
Louisville and Nashville, Manhattan- and other
loading railway Issues lost Vs and % cent,
while Chicago Gas dropped nearly 2 to 06 14.
The lowest figures of the day were current in the
closing nour and the market l»ft off weak in tone.
Net changes show losses of V4®2^ outside of
Leather preferred, which gained 6^ to 7334. ' The
total sales were only 173.168 shares, including 45-
SCO Sugar, 23,500 St Paul. 6800 Chicago Gas and
64uU Louisville and Nashville.
. Bonds were quiet and weak. Sales were only
$405,000. Ann Arbor fours fell »/i to 68; Iron
-Mountain Central fives, 3% to 74; Kansas and
Texas fours, 1% to 81%; Louisville, New Albany
and Chicago consolidated sixes, 4% to 95; Kan
sea and Eastern fives, 1 to 90 and San Antonio
and Aransas Pass, Ito 5:-t. .
Government boDds-*6 ',000 coupon four* of
1925 sold at 116%; $10,000 registered fours of
18U7 at 108V*@108; 84000 do coupon at 109 and
$2600 registered fours of 1925 at 116%.
Grain.
FLOUR — Dull; winter wheat, low grades
91 75@2 25; do patents, 93 60@3 80: Minnesota
a 2 4AtSS a ßfs° : d ° Pat " ' f316 4 - Eye
CORNMEAL— Steady; yellow Western, $2 050
2 10: Brandy wine, 92 15. * . v ™
BY E— Dull : Western. 38c f . a b.
' BARLKY— Quiet; 49 Ib sacks quoted 32c f. o. b.
BARLEY MALT— Western, '
. W H EAT— Spot market active, steady. s/.c to «4c
lawer; f. a b., 65% c; ungraded red, 56<gtttbc: No
1 Northern, 65 VhC. • . . ■ ■
Options were dull and weak at s/ c to tftc decline
on easier cables, better receipts West, foreign
selling, lower West and local liquidations- Sep
tember ana December most active. July, 61 i/S»c-
August. September, 621/gc; October. 62»/lc'
December, «■» 14c. ~>£s3SJSe«««rtSft ■ '
CORN— spot dull, easier; Ma a, 32&fec eleva- '
tor: 34% c afloat. " -
• Options were dull and stead y, at 8/ 8 c to %c de
cline with, the West. September most active.
July, 32% c; Septemoer. 33i/8c; October, 33W.C.
OATS— .Spot quiet, steady. - vo
Options dull, easier; July, 20^c; August, 19% c*
September, 19y 8 c . . , ■ '
' Spot prices: Ho. 2, 20y*@20%c: No. 2 white.
21 %c: No. 2 Chicago. 21@>:a%c; No. 3. 19i/aC: No
3 white, 20% c: mixed Western. 21@22c; No. 2 ;
white do, :i3<g,2sVs c : white -tale, i! 3(5,'.! 5 14 c. ;
. FEED BRAN— &0&50 -
Ml DDLINGS— 6O@62y.c
RYE— Feed, 66c , . ,
Provlsloni).
BP:EF— Quiet. Family, 98 5C@9: extra mess,
$6q.7. Beef hams, dull, $14 r.0(a15; tlerced beef,
dull; city extra India mess, 91. @15: cut meats,
firm; pickled bellies, 4 VB@4%c: pickled shoul
ders, 4y 8 !5,43/gC; pickled hams. 9 10c. •
LA hu— Lower. Western steam. 93 8503 90
--city, $4 30: September, $3 9'); refined weak, dull;
continent. $4 16; fcouth American, 94 60: com
pound, 4@4i4c
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMbELOCK & CO.,
. 4 LeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
■ .... BRANCH OFKICK ' .'. ■ ; .-. ■• -. .
622 Market St.. Palace Hotel. -Tel. Main 6828
J. S.PUBDY, Manager. '
Orders ! instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations, Beferencelst National Bank, S. F?- <
CHICAGO. mLVJLTk. Wlttii *M.W YORK,
PORK— Easy; old mesa, $7 76@8 25; new mess,
$8 50(38 75. ■
BUTTER— Steady. State dairy, 12@15c: do
cr^maery, 11 V>®ls%c: Western dairy, 9@l2c:
do creamery. ll^@l6c; do factory. b®llc; Elglns,
16c: imitation creamery, 10@12c.
CHEESK— State large, sV2©s»ic: full skims,
l%@2c
EGGS— Fairly steady, quiet; State and Penn
sylvania, 13c; Western fresh, ll@12c; do per
case, $1 50@3.
TALLOW— DuII, easy; city, 3%@3V4c: country,
3Vb@Sl4c
COTToKSEED OlL— Quiet, easy; Crude, 20®
21c: yellow, prime. 2434(g)25c asked; do off grade.
34940.
RESIN— steady. Strained, common to
good.fl 67V<>ffil 70.
TURPENTINE— DuII steady; 25V4@25» ic
POTATOES— Choice, steady.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic fair to extra, 3@53.4c;
Japan, 4@4J^a •
MOLASSES— Moderate demand. New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice. 27©37 c. • . '■ '
COJ-KEK— Steady. July. 11 76; August, $11 35;
September. SlO 70@10b0: October, 810 26; De
cember. $10 06: March, $10 06. Spot Rio dull,
steady; No. 7, 13c.
SUGAR— Raw, easier, fair demand. Fair refin
ing. 2%c; centrifugals 96 test, 33/ gC refined, fairly
active, unchanged; off A, 4V4@4%c V B>; mola
A, sc: standard A. 4%c: confectioners A. 4Uc;
cut loaf 53% c; crushed. A c: powdered, sc;
granulated, 4^u; cubes, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. B%fdllc.
PEACHES— Peeled, ft tt>. 13@14c: do unpealM,
: i'RI'KEB- Four sires, nominal; Be.
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose muscatel, 3%®
4c; do three-crown, 6c; do lour-crowu, sVjc; do
London layers. $l@l 05.
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged.
WOOL— Firm, unchanged.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON— Quiet, unchanged.
COPPER-Quiet : lake. 811 45.
LEAD— Steady: domestic, «2 97<£.
TIN-Dull; Straits. SIS 50; plates quiet
bl'KLT.fc.l>-Qulet: domestic, SiO7y a
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lv., July 9.— This was another busy
day for the bulletin- writers who posted the news
from the Democratic Convention, and correspond
ing Inaction was noted in the grain markets.
Wheat was weak on good crop reports and lack of
bull confidence. Liverpool cables were *4d
higher and Continental irregular. ■ Receipts were
121 cars at Chicago and 403 in the Northwest.
Inspection from store amounted to 63.400 bushels,
and 332,976 bushels cleared at the seaboard. Sep
tember wheat opened from 66 % cto 6634 c, sold
between 66%cand 6t>VBC to 5614. closing at 66VaC
to 66 Vac, 34c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow, 21 cars.
CORN— Was dull and weak, the tone being de
rived from wheat. Receipts were 602 cars, and
309,245 bushels were taken : from store. Liver
pool cables were steady. Exports amounted to
93,820 bushels. September corn opened at 27c to
? 'gC, sold between STMjB and 26% c, closing at
26% c y*c under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow, 490 cars.
OATS— Kept well in line with the other grains,
I but did not show any particular activity. Receipts
were' 163 cars, and 227,000 bushels were taken
■ from store. September oats closed y g c lower than
I yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 190
1 cars. ' * ■ ■ ■ ■
1 • FLAX — Was steady. Cash, 71c: 1 Septem
ber, 71c: December, 73140. Receipts were 14
cars. " •
PROVISIONS-Free offerings and a poor de
mand characterized the trade in provisions. Prices
were weak and . declining, the primary influence
being a lower hog market. September pork closed
•Me lower; September lard and ribs each 15c
lower. . .
BUTTER— The market was inactive and steady
to-day. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries-Extras. 14% c: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds, 10@)12c; imitations, fancy. 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras. 10,ul0Vsc; firsts, b^@9c; packing stock,
{•c; roll, 6@7c.
EGGS— Were steady with a fair business trans
acted. Prices were unchanged. Fresh stock sold
at 9%©10 Vie ?t dozen.
MONEY — Was 6@6% on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 25c discount.
Cloning; Prices.
WHEAT— JuIy. 65@35V8': September, 56%@
stSi/ic: December, 68V8@58JAc. '--' -
CoKN— July. 265/gc; September. 26% c: May,
I 29%@295/BC. : •■!"
OATS— july, 16% c; September, 16V*@16s/ 8
May, 18c.
PORK— September, $6 50; January. $7 323 A.
LAUD— September. *3 60: January, *4.
Sepiemoer, S3 50; January, S3 70.
Livestock.
UNION PTOCKYAI?DS. lt,t.. July 9.— The
cattle market was weak, except for choice grades.
There was no Improvement in the demand. Owing
to heavy offerings the hog market ruled weak and
from s@loc lower. Sheep market generally
i steady.
CATTLK — Receipts. 9500. Fancy beeves,
: (4 65@4 60: cnoice to prime. 1300 to IPOO pound
; steers. *■! 2 s (a -1 50: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1700 pounds. Si 10(3)4 20: medium steers. 1000
to 1350 pounds, $3 &l)ia,i 05: common to fair steers,
950 to 1200 pounds. $3 40a.:< 75: leeders.
800 to 1200 pounds. 5340@3 85: common to choice
stockers. $2 t>o@3 40: Dulls, cnoice 10 extra. *2 80
@S 30; cows and heifers, extra, $3 76#4; cows,
fair to choice, S2 50@3 50: cows, common to fair
' canners'. $1 25(092 25: calves, good to choice.
, $4 80'(45 35; caves, common to good, $304 75;
Texas fed steers, $3 20(gt3 5; Texas cows,buils and '
oxen. $1 75@300: milkers and springers, per head,
S20&40; Texas grass steers. S2 SOGA3 30.
HOUS — Receipts. 23,000. Heavy packlnc ana
shipping lots, S3 06(53 35: common to choice
I mixed. (2 16ta'6 45: choice assorted. *3 45t&3 60;
light, S3 25@3 55; pigs. 92 75©a 56.
bllk.k.l' — Receipts. BDOU interior w caolos,
S2ia4; lsnitfo, *3&8 40.
NEW VOIIR STOCKS.
Bonds, .Exchange, Money and Railroad
' ' Shares.
Money on call easy at iy»@2%; last loan at 2%
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile paper.
4%@5%%- Bar silver, 68T/BC. Mexican dollars,
53%@545,4c. Sterling Exchange Is firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87V4 for 60 days
and 94 88 for demand. Posted rates, $4 87%@
4 bH 3^- Commercial bills, $4 86y 2 . Government
bonds weaker: State bonds lower; railroad bonds
easier. Silver at the board was dull.
CXOBISO STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.... 91 Vi Norfolk A Westrn. 6%
Atchlson lay. Preferred... 11%
Preferred......... 198/ 8 Northern Pacific... ly%
Adams Express 145 Preferred. 1 6y g
Alton. Terre Haute 58 Northwestern 88-Vj
American ExpresslO9 Preferred 149
American TODacca 61% S^. Y. Central ' 94%
Preferred.../ 97 N.Y.,ChlcagoA3.L. 12 .
BayStateGas 19% Ist preferred 68
Baltimore A Ohio. 17 Vi »'d preferred 25
Brunswick Lands.. Va N. V.A N. H. 170
Buffalo, Koch AP. 18Vg N. Y. & New Eng. 48
Canada Pacific..... 60% N. V., Susq A W... 8
Canada Southern.. 4b Preferred. 22
Canton Land.. 607% 0ntari0..;. ..... 11%
Central Pacific..... 14% Ontario A Western 18%
Ches.AOhlo.. 4 V* Oregon lmprovmnt y%
I Chicago Alton. 156 Preferred - —
Preferred ....... 370 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago, B. A Q,. .. 71 - {Oregon Short Line. 12
Chicago AE. 111... 41' Pacific Mail. . . . 21%
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. A Evans 1%
ChlcagoGas 66% PitUburg A W. pfd 15
CleveA PilUbnrg.. 164 Pullman Palace.. ..148
Consolidation Coal. 32 ! Quicksilver.. 1%
Consolidated Gas.. 163 Preferred ........ IS
C. C. O. A St. Louis 28 . Reading..... 13%
Preferred 75 RloGrandeAWestn 15
: Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 21 I Preferred 40
Preferred 100 Kock 151 and........ 62
Cotton Oil Cert .... 10 RomeWatAOgdea.ll4%
Commercial Cable. I*o St. L. AS. W... . 3%
1 Del. Hudson.. ..:.124% Preferred 9
Del Lack Westrn. 157 St. Pau1............ 74%
Denver AR. G 12%' Preferred 127
Preferred. 453/ 4l ßt. Paul A Duluth. 18
Di5ti11er5.:.,....... -13V4.' Preferred 80%
General Electric... 25% St. Paul A Omaha. 39
Erie....:.:..... I 4y 8 Preferred.. ....... 123
Preferred......... 34 jSt. P. M. A M 109
Fort Wayne 160 Silver Certificates. 68%
Great Northern pfd 110 {Southern Pacific... 18%
Green 8ay.......... y a Southern R. R i: 8%
I Harlem ............294 j Preferred 25
i Hocking C0a1......' J % sugar Refinery .... 107
I Hocking Valley.... 16y 4 Preferred 100%
Homes take. S3 Ten n. Coal A Iron. 20%
H. A Texas Cent... I Preferred. ... 80
Illinois Central 92% Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 7%Tol.A.A.<tN.Mich. — "•
Preferreo... 28 jTol. A Ohio Cent... SO
Kansas A Texas... 10%. Preferred... . 70
Preferred 4 Tol.SuLoulsAK.C. 5
Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 16 Union Pacihc. .. 6%
- Preferred. 68% U. P. Den A Gulf.. 2
Lake Shore.... 146% & Cora age 4%
National Lead 22 1/4 ; Preferred......... 8%
Preferred.. 85%' Guaranteed... ...,l7
Long 151 and....;... 74 U. S. Express 40
Louisville A Nash: 48 L. B. Leather 7%
Louisville. Na AOh 7 Preferred ...67%
Preferred 16 U. a Rubber 17
Manhattan Consol. 95% preferred. ..'73%
Memphis A Char is. 15 Utica AB. River. .160
Mexican Central... 9 Iw ab. i?. L. A Pac.. 6*/«
Michigan Central.. 91 I Preferred........ 16
MlnnAaL. Wells-Fargo.. .90 .
.Preferred......;.. j Western Union..:. 82
Minn A St. L com. 16 Wisconsin Central. 1 .'•
Ist preferred 6M Wheeling AL. E.. 8%
2dpreferred 38 Preferred......... 31%
Missouri I'aclflo.... 20% Am Cotton OH pfd. 60 •
Mobile A 0hi0..... 18% W. U. 8eef......... . 7%
Nashville * Chatt. 68 Ann Arb0r.........
National Linseed.. 17 : Preferred :
£" J. Central 100% Brooklyn Traction. 21%
North American... 4% i Krie2d pfd 19%
CXOKINS BOXM.
C 8 4s, registered.. 107 % M KT2ds.. 66
Do 4s. coupon 108% Do 4s'. '* "83
U 84s new, regstrdllisVgMutuiil UnVon'os***ll4 '
.:-• Do 4s, coupon.... 1 185,. \ j cent Gen 6s" 118 '
v£??"v."- ,??, Northern Pac lsts;il3Vi
' D055..:.;.v.:....112% Do2ds .109%
lofts, coupon 11234 Do3ds. . - t>9V»
C if r ° k e i>* iS9aAW > NorthwesVcon»oVs;i4o
Do 18»7. ...... 10j -. Do deb 5s - 109
DO 1898.......:..10!» OR&N lstfc" : '"'lo9%
Do 1899 ... 100 StL&lronMtOenlJs 76 A
Pacific Is of '95.... StLABF Gen 65.110%
DC 668 .:...... 109% St Paul Consols. 129
Ala Class A 45......60 . St PCA Pa lsts 117
■- DoClass B 4, 65.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts'.'.lllTA
La Consol 45....... 9514 Southern RR 6. .. 89 £
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts' 83V?
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pacinc 2ds 19^
•* Do 45. .:...'....... 100 Union Pac lsts 96.103*4
So Carolina 4%5... 102 * i West Shore 4... " 104 it
Term new 35....... 85 : - Mobile A Ohio 4s" 64^
Va funding debt... .68 R Grande West lsis 74
♦Do registered.. .'• Ches * Ohio ss. 107
Do deferred 6s.::' 5 Atcnison 45......:.- 7^14
Do trust rep st. 5 Do2dsA. ' 4«Z2
Canada Sou 106 GH ASA 9* '.'...'. Itil
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
Cen Pac lsts of '95.100 Do2d7s 99%
DenARG 15t. ....11l H * Tex Cent 55.. 107
Do 45.......;...... 89% Docon 65.. ...... 102
Erie Ms ;...-;..•' 63 Reading 4». ........ 76 .
Kansas Pa Consols 68% Missouri Us. 100
Ka Pa lets Den dlvllS ,
. FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LIVSBPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Euti.. July 9.— The spot market
Is steady at 6* 2 Vjd. Cargoes steady at 265, sellers,
prompt shipment.
■ .■ ' - . FUTURES. " '
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 15 Red Winter:
July, 4sloi4d; August, is 10i /4 d; September, 4s
10i.4d; October, 4s 1014 a: November, 4s 10% d.
BKCUBITIES.
LONDON, Eno.. July 9. — Consols, 113 9-16;
silver, 3iy 3 d; French Rente*. lOlf 70c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ (488
Sterling Exchange, sight — ". 489 .
Sterling Cable* ........' — 4b9V>
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, ft 0unce......... — 68%
Mexican Dollars 63% '**%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The C. D. Bryant takes for Sydney
17,692 ctls, valued at $18,600.
The market 1* dull and unchanged. No. 1, 92^
@93Sy A c: choice, 96@97Vic: lower grades, 87i£©
90c; extra choice for milling, $I@l 10 fk ctl.
"A LI, BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons. 98J^a
ltF(iii.AK MoßNnro BKBBloN— December— 200
tons. 9«VsC. May— loo, $1 02>^
aktkknoon Skssion — DecemDer — 300 tons,
88V4c.
BaRLEY— Feed Is selling at an advance. Fu
ture* are dull. Feed, 67W370C; choice bright,
71 1 /io72i*c; Brewing, 7&@*uc 'f, ctl.
(ALL BOABD SAI.KS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
itiwruß ■ iIoKMNQ Session— December— 300
tons, 70Viic .
Aftkbnoom Session— No sales.
OATS— Receipts have been heavy of late and
the market Is weak. Milling are quotable at
85@90c: fancy Feed. 90@92^c ft ctl; good to
choice. 82%@90c; common to fair, 77%@80c;
Gray, 80@82%c; Surprise, 96c<$»$l 02%.
CORN -Large Yellow is quo able at 90@9&c *
ctl: Small Round do, 97% c; White, 7?%&8U%c
ft ctl. . 1
RYE— 72%@7scft ctl for old and 62% c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— 85@90c ft ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
' FLOUR— Shipment of 7000 bbl*, valued at *22,
--000, to Sydney. Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 75@3 85 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, S3 65@3 60;
superfine, 92 76@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, »19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, 20 50@21 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-tt> sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23 /4 c: Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3 1 3c; Oatmeal,
3%c; Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy, 4&4 1 Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y : c; Farina,
4V*c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4 V*c;
l'eari Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
6»4c ft tt.. ■
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-SI ♦ 50@l 6 60 for the best and 913 50®
14 ft ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS-916@17 ft ton for lower trades
; and Sl7 &o@lß 50 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 915916 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, 921 per ton; Jobbing, 922;
Cottonseed Oilcake Is out of market.
HAY— The best grades are doing better and rule
firm, but common and medium lots are weak and
slow. New Wheat, $7 50$ll ; new Wheat and OaU
97@10: lew Oat, $6@B; new Barley, 96 600)8;
River Barley, $4 50@5; Alfalfa. $6@6 60; Ciover,
96@8. v™:.'. W.i
bTRAW-30@40cft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Pink and Small White* are selling
lower. Bayos are quotable at 90@97Vac t*. ell;
Small Whites. 96c@$l 07% V cU: Pea, Cl 20
(£1 40: Large Whites, 90c@«l 05: Pink, 65(<£75c;
Reds, $1 10@l SO: Blackeye, $1 50&1 60; Red
Kidney, nominal; Llmas, 92 35(52 65: Butters.
$1 35<$i 50 for small and 91 50@l 75 for large.
HEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at 91 50@
2 25 V ctl: Trieste, 92@2 60 ?tctl: Yellow Mus
tard, 91 40®l 50: Flax, 91 70@l 80: Canary, 2«/ 4 c
¥ ft; Alfalfa, 73^@9% ft tt>; Ripe, 2%c 9 $>;
Hemp, SjUc "$ It.
DRIED PEAS— 9I 25@1 40 *cU for Nile* and
91 25®1 46 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Stocks are larger and prices i are
lower. Garnet Chiles, 80@95c «♦ ctl; Peerless. 50®
86c; Early Rose, In sacks, sl>@Gsc: Early Rose In
boxes, 60@76c; Bur bank Seedlings, 60c@91 %
ctl. ,
ONIONS— White, 40@50c; Red, 15<325c ft otl. •
VEGETABLES— There was a general weaken
ing In prices, receipts being larger. Green
Corn, 40c@91 9 sack: Alameda Corn, 91@2 ft
crate: Summer Squash. 25@30c for Hay: Egg Plant,
B@l2Vjc; Tomatoes, 91@2 > box: Cucumbers. 40@
06c; A tameda Cucumbers, 75r<a$i 60: Asparagus,
91@2 50: Green Peppers, 50c(a$l V box for Chile
and V tt> for Bell; Green Peas. 60c(<491 «* sack
for common and 2@2Vto f) a> for Garden; StrlDg
Beans. lVa'3'^Vi c for common; Green Okra, B@loc
ft B>; Cabbage, 46@50c %t cii; Garlic, L»(g,2i^c ft B*.
BUTTER, CHEKSE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Dealers report the demand very slow
and stocks are ' beginning to accumulate In conse
quence.
CsKAMKKT-Fancy, 14%@16cs second*. 14c
»&.
Daisy— Fancy. lS@l3i^c; good to choice, 12©
12 W:; lower grades, ll@ilV»c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6Vi@7c; common
to good. 6@6c9D>: Cream Cheddar. 9c : Young
America, 7@Bc It &>; Western, 10@llc; Eastern.
12@12V^c .
' EGGS— The tendency in choice ranch is up
ward, but store -Eggs continue weak. Store Eggs,
10©llc: ranch Eggs, 12@16c; Duck Eggs, 12^13c.
POULTRY AM) GAME.
. POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at 95 50© 6
for Hens, $5 for^old Roosters and 1 4@15c for Tur
keys. Local stock was dull and weak.
Live Turkeys, 13@1 5c for Gobblers, 12@i3c for
Hens: Geese. ft pair. 90c@Sl: Ducks,* 92 75@3 25
for ola and S3 60@4 50 for young: Hens. 93 &0£&
4 60: Roosters, young, $4 &0(&6: do, old, 94@4 &o {
9 dozen: Fryers,' * 3 60@t; Broilers, 93@3 60 for
large ami Si 5U@2 60 for small; Pigeons, 91 25ft}
1 bo t> doz for young and old.
U a ME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
- Stocks were heavier yesterday than at any prev
ious time this season. The hot weather is ripening
i the fruit rapidly and the growers are rushing It la
to save it. ■ Prices are naturally < weak, and Aprt
cots are a shade lower.
Peaches. 25@75c ¥> box, and 60@76c V basket.
Plums, 26@60c %i box.
Apples, 26(&40o % small box and 40@75c ft large
* box.
Pears— 2s@7sc fi box and 25c ® basket Bart
letts, 65(a,H5c ft small box.
Apricots, - F s(asOc is box, 20@50c ?S basket and
915@26 f 1 ton in bulk.
Figs, 20@25c * box for single and 40@60c ft box
for aouble layers. . gILUUtIIUi^JU
BERK IIS—
strawberrlfs, 93@4 * chest for Jxang worths and
91 75@3 for large berries.
Raspberries, $-- 50@4 »( chest.
Blackberries, f .@3 ?» chest.
Currants, 92 5U@4 "# chest.
GRAPES - Thompson's Seedless , from Ynma,
91 < 5 v> crate.
MELONS— A car of Watermelons from Arizona
is on the market and 12c apiece Is bid. A mixed
car of Watermelons and Nutmegs . arrived from
Bakersfleld en i the Watermelon* sold at 916 »
100 and the Nutmeg* at 91 75 » dos^n.
CITRCs FRCITS-Orangesare nominal at 91 60
©2 for Seedllncs, 93@3 50 for Navels, and 92®3 »
box t for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, 91
653 for common and $2 50@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5 sOf<i6: bananas, 91@2 « bunch;
Pineapples, 91©» »> dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— B^jj
Sale of about 20 : tons choice Royal Apricots at
Winters at about 6y a c V id. Apricots are now
quoted at 6<stl l/4« «Ib In the sweat-box and 6%®
7c, f. o. b., coast, with Eastern markets 8c and flat.
. Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
: Carload Lots— Apples, I%©2c ft fb for quar
tered. 2c for , sliced ana 4(S4U,c for evaporated;
Peaches, ?@sc and 6c for fancy; Anrlcots, 4 @Bc
for crime to choice.-— for fancy and 10@ilc ft
Ib for fancy Moorpark: Figs, . black,'! 2\^c for im
pressed : White Figs. 4c In sacks: Pears. 7c »ft
tor evatioratcd halves. 3Vj.®6c ft Ib for • quarters-
Prunes. 3@3V*c: Plums, S^cft n> for pitted and
1V4*20 for unputed: Nectarines, 3^(^6o ft fjj for
prime to choice and 6y 3 c for fane*
_ JoßßiKe PBicits-iivaporaieo Apples. 4«5c
ft !b: tan-dried, I^<a2c: Peaches. BVi®6c ana Be
for fancy; peeled in boxes,l2V&cft Ib: Prunes, 3V 2 c
for four , sires. 4VS|C for 4U©&o's and 4c for
50@60's; Aprlcou, 7@9c tor prime to choice,
i 0 11 for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3M,c-
White 1 FUs, 3®sc; Pears, 8c ft tb for evapo rated
halves and 4(&7y 2 c for quarters; Plums. »Vii<»4o
ior pitted ana l^lVic forunplttea; Nectarines,
4@ sc ft &> for prime to choice.
: RAISINS— Prices are as follows, : carload lots, t
o. rb. \ Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 8-crown
loose, 3c; 2-crown, 2%c ft lb: seedless Sultanas!
3c: seedless Muscatels, l«4c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c * box: clusters, $1 Ss@l 60; Dehesa dus
ters, (2 10fa2 26; Imperial Clusters, *2 60(^2 76.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, none- 3
crown, 3@svic «t Ib: 2-crown. Be. Seedless Snl
tanas, 4c ft ft; Seedless Muscatels, Sc; S-crown
London ■■. layers, 75@00c; ; clusters, 91- 6001 75;
Dehesa dusters, 92 50; Imperial clusters, %i 75.
•- NUTS — Quotations • are as follows: Wal
nuts, 9@llc lor No. 1 hard and ll@l3c ft B> for
paper-shell, Jobbing lots; Almonds, 6©7JAc for
Languedoc : and 8 V«.@loc for paper-shell, Jobbing-
Peanuts, b©6Vic > & for Eastern and — - for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
d .£ c for polished ; Filberts. B@9crßrazil ; Nuts,
»©loc f ID: Cocoanuts, *4 60@5ft 100.
UO i r L :Y - Comb 10@13%0 « . Ib for bright and 8
@9c it to : for lower grades; water- white extracted.
6@6V*c ib; lignt amber extracted, «V4k@4%c;
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at B%C V Ib
for heavy. 7%c fi lb for light medium. 9(59%0 for
light, 10@llc for extra liaht - and ? 12c for sugar
??Tf?- eastern Sugar-cured Hams 12@12%c;
California Hams, 10%@llc V lb: Mess Beef, t7(o>8;
extra mesa do. $8 sOan9: family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, 98®8 50; extra dear, $14 V bbl;
me * 8 '* 1 2 50 ©l 3"* bbl; smoked Beef, 10c * lb. :
_ LAIID - Eastern, tierces is quoted at 61/40 '* Ib
compound and 6140 for pure; palls. 7o %* Ib;
California tierces, 4%c for compound md. 6c for
P "roT^of"& b > 6 Vic; IC-lb tins, 7c; do 5-Ib, 714 c.
mWtF 1 , O r, tLEN:K — 6@6Vic in tierces and tt%@7%C
vid in 10- Ib tins. . ..ifcLjiiiAtSjU'jJS
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.-
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7@
7%c^ ft; cull* and brands. 6@6%c * »>: medium,
6©6% c * Ib; culls and brands. 5@5%c V Ib: light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c; ' Cowhides. s@si/i,c: culls
and brands, 4@4%c; salted Kip, 5c 9 lb: salted
Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, lOU^iic:
culls and brands, B©B%c; dry Kip and Veal, 8»9c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins,
20@35c each; 'Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good summer.
30c: medium. 15@26c; winter. 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@15c each: short wool, 2C@
36c each: mealum. 40@50c each; long wools, 60@
60c each. Cuils of all kind* about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 3%@3%c: No. 2.
8c: refinea. 5%@5%c: Grease, 2%c » to.
WOOL— A local circular says: '-The re has been
less Inquiry for Wool the past week, especially so
since the Chicago convention has been getting
ready for business. We hope, however, after ad
journment, that Wool-buyers will see their way to
doing business again. At the Kast conditions are
unfavorable for .immediate improvement, and
quotable prt:es there are as low as at aay time
within the year, showing clearly that the improved
local conditions ■ recently reported by us were
speculative. This feeling has died cut and we
quote trade dull and prices unchanged."
Hurnooldt and Mendocino is quotable at
10@12c $ ft,; Valley Oregoii, 9@llc ?> ft; do
lower grades. B@loc ■$ Ib; Nevada, 6@9c ? tb;
Ban Joaquin and Southern Coast, six mouths, 4@6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc: San
Joaquin. year's fleece, 4%a6%c; northern free,
i&9<:do defective, 6@6%c^ lb.
lIOPS-Nominal at l%@3c %) Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. •
Calcutta Grain Uags, spot. $4 26; Ban
Quentln. $4 20; Wool Bags, 24%@26%c
COAL— Wellington, $8 * ton; New Wellington.
$8 *» ton; tSouthtield Wellington. $7 50 f, ton;
Seattle, 95@5 60: Bryant. 95: Coos Bay, $4 60:
Wallsend, f 7: Scotch, «7 60; Brymbo. 97 50;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulK and 913@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $11 50: Welsh
Anthracite, 98; Cannel, 97 50; Rock Bprings,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 60; Coke,
911@12 in bulk and 913 ¥ ton In ska,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnerv Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6V4c;
Confectioners' A, 5%c: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra
C. 4%c: Golden c,.45/nc; half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more. ■
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; second ao, 4Va@*%c:
third do, 3%@4c th.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, s@6c V Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6c: Ewes. 4@4%c * tt>.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@5%c * Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 38/ B (a>3Vic $ tb for large and
SVB@3%c lor small ana medium: dressed do, 4%
1
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 hopm.
Flour, qr. sks.... 60.116 Butter, ctls.. 146
Oregon 3,s2s!Cheese. ctli 168
Washington.... 1,740 Eggs, dor 8,760
Wheat, ctl* 69,970 Hides, no. 335
Oregon, sks.... 2,206 Pelts, bdls. 270
Washington.... 238 Wool, bis ' 100
Barlej.ctls. 3,904 Oregon. 373
Oats, Or, ct15..... 4,529 Wine, gals. 44,500
Beans, ska 1.586 Quicksilver, ttsks 56
Potatoes, 5k5..... 5,637 Tallow, ci is ' 264
Onions, sks 7*9 Leather, roll . 21
Mlduiings.sics... 370 Lumber. M feet.. 20
Bran, sks 1,506 Shorts, sks 67
Oregon 675 Feed, sks.'. 355
Hay, tons 505] .
THE STOC K MARKET.
Although prices rallied somewhat yesterday
from the sharp break of Wednesday afternoon they
were not strong, and the best prices were away be
low those of the previous day. The announce
ment of an assessment of 16 cents on Hale <fe Nor
cross was a damper.
The Jackson Mining Company of Eureka dis
trict, Nevada, has declared a dividend of 15 cents
per all are.
At the annual meeting of the Overman Mining
Company the old management was re-elected,
with W. G. Morrow as pres!d°nt.
The Nevada Bank has declared the usual quart
erly dividend of f 1 50 per share, payable July 15.
ihc official letters from the principal Bodle
mines this week contain nothing 01 importance.
In the Crown Point mine the raise from the
south drift oq the 700 level is up 95 feet. The top
ia in porphyry with bunches of gold ore through
it. The assays from these bunches run from *9 to
812 per ton.
The Belcher mine yielded no ore during the past
week. Of tne accumulated ore there was shipped
to the Brunswick mill 452 tons and 1740 pounds,
the average battery sample of which showed a
value of Sl9 56 per ton, and the gross yield in
bullion amounted to 57485 07.
No ore was extracted from the Segregated
Belcher mine during the past week. There was
shipped to the BrunswicK mill 171 tons and 60
pounds of ore previously accumulated. The aver
age battery sample assay of the same was fl9 67
per ton. and the gross yield in bullion was valued
at 83113 95.
In the Savage mine on the 850 level, according
to the official report, they are still stoplnc some
ore north and south from the nnraisp from east
crosscut 3 up to the 750 level. This slope does
not look as well as at date of last report, the ore
having deteriorated. In east crosscut 1, on the
third floor of the north upraise, they have started
a south prospecting drift and advanced It 15 feet
in porphyry and quartz giving low assay. During
the past week they hoisted 85 cars of ore. The car
samples average $22 68 per ton. Shipped to the
Nevada mill 45 tons of ore. shipped to the United
States mint at carson, July 6, 457 pounds of
bullion, teing the clean-op for the month of Junp.
Assay value of the umc, 511,K27 48, of which
$3318 08 Is gold and $8009 48 is silver.
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company paid a
bonus dividend ot L 5 cents per ahare on J une 27,
amounting 10 $50,000.
Dividends of 60 cents per ahare will be paid to
day by the Pacific Gas lmpr vement Company
and the San Joae and Spring Valley Water com
panies.
The First National Bank of this City will pay a
semi-annual dividend of $3 per share to-day.
The Crocxer-Woolworth National Bank of this
City will pay the usual semi-annual dividend of $4
pershare this month.
The Edison Light Company will pay a dividend
of 66% cents per share on the 1 5th.
The Oakland Gas and San Francisco Gas com
panies will pay the usual dividends of 26 and 35
cents per share, respectively, on the 16th.
liUAICU SAX.K3.'
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Rioruß mißxixo anainv ratrvK*ratw<» BtTV
200 Alt*. 10.500 C Imp ....02100 ...1.10
«50 Andes 32 400 C Point. .. 400 0vrmn....19
700 Belcher... 6o 400 ......63700P0t051... 110
100 Bodle 4V 200 O AC.... 90 100 .........1.05
1100 8u11i0n.. 21l 200 ...... 91 200 Savae 84
100 21300 HAN. -1.20100 .....-....;. 82
500 Calf-da.. . . IB 400 >1xcn.....65 100 Union.. 50
400 Ch011r.. 2.351500 M0n0. .....14 600 V Jackt.,,43
200 ....... a. 40 550 Occidtl.. 1.00 .
. AMKRSOOX session— 2: TO.
500 Alpha 13;100CC*V... 1.90 650 P0t051..1.20
100 Blchr 50 400 C Point.. .s*loo Bar ...... 86
100 8A8... 77 150 GAC....-..96 100 Beg 8et.. .14
300 8u1wer....26 100 HAN.. .1.25 200 .....V.:..»15
100 Ch0ur.. .. 2.46 HOO .... 1. HO 100 Union. ...61
60 2.60 '.'OO occidtl.. 1.05 200 Utah... .13
300 ..2.40 150 0phir... 1.161 \
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
HKUIM.A* BUSWTOTT— IO:7I.
200 Alpha.-.. 13 600 Q&C 911400 0ph1r...1.15
300 Alta. 11 300 ..........~92 300 0vrmn....19
200 Ande5.. ..32400 .;.... 93 600 Pow)jl.:.lVß
300 8«1cner...51 ; 950 HAN.. .1.25,1500 :....... 1.10
600 B AH 76,200 ;.-... 1.22^700. 1.07 V*
200 Bodle 40 400 ...I.BU 450 ...... '...1.06
400 Bullion. ..22 300 Ju1ia.. ...'.10 200 1.17%
200 Caleda._..ls!2oo Justice. —07 400 V..1.J40
ISO Ch11nKe... 32,300 Kentuck..O3 600 5*ti;.......54
1050 Choir.. 2. 4b 500 L Wash.. .o4: 100 .. .....85
»00 ........ 2.10 400 Mexn 67 800 Scorplon..o7
400 ; 2.86 200 64 700 8 B A M...14
160 CCV 1% 200 ...."... 66 1200 « NT....60
400..... 1.9U200 0ccd.... 1.05 600 811 Hi 11... .03
200 C0nn... ...9t 600 1.00 400 Union C...55
4000 Con 1m..02'200 ....'. 1.02% 500 Utah. ...^l2
300 Con N V..04 400 Oplilr. ..1-lU 800 V Ja01CM..44
600 Crwn Pt.,.52 200 ;„:....'.. 1V» ! ':..:;.... 48
500 Exchqr....O6 j
AITKMN-OON SX«BION— 2: M.
200 Alnha 18 600 CC*V... 1.95 850 P0t0«i..1.20
300 Alta 11 100 Conn.... 1.96 400 1.17U
i! 00 Andes.... S3 1000 Con 1m..02 500 1.15
Belcher ..5(1 300 C P01nt....62 300 Save 80
300 Biß. 77 400 Kxchqr....O7 400 851
2UO Bodle 40 300 U&C 95 400 Bcorplon..o7
300 Bullion. ..'l2 400 H<EN 1.271^ 200 88* M....14
*O0 300 1.30900 IS
200 Bulwer... . 2tt 300 Mcx 65 600 rt Xv 61
100 26 200 Mono 16600 8 Hill 02
300 Caleda.... 15 400 15 500 03
200 Challge...3i; 600 Occd... 1.05 800 Union..... 61
800 Choir.. .Z s6 JOO Ophlr.. .1.16 400 Utah 12
*00 2.45 900 Overman. 2l3oU V Jckw... 44
400 2.40J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 9-4 P. m.
Sid-Aiked. ...... . Sid.Atked.
Alpha Con. ... 12. 14J01ia.... 10 13
A1ta..;;........ 10 11 Justice. 06 v —
Ande5.......... S3 33 Kentnck....... 02 03
8e1cher......... 49 61 Lady .Wash.... ._ - -05
Benton Con. 20 " * -Mexican 66 67
Best A Belcher 77 78 M0n0.."...;.;:. 15 —
80d1e....:..... 40 —(Nevada Queen. — 06
Bullion ...21' 21 Occidental..... 1.00 1.05
Bulwer. 26 —0phir..:....... 1.05 1.15
Caledonia. • 11 —Overman 21 23
Chollar... 2.40 2.45 Potosl 1.15. 1.20
Con.Cal&Va... 1.90 1.95 Savage .....:. 80 82
Challenge Con. 33 34 Scorpion '06 08
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Seg. Belcher... 14 16
Confidence.... — 97 Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 - silver Hi 11.... — 03
Crown Point... 62 53 Sierra Nevada. 59 61
"EastSlerraNev — C 5 Union Con 49 51
Exchequer..:; 06 08 0tah...... 11 13
Gould A Curry. 94 95 Yellow Jacket. 44 45
Hale & Norcrs. 1.25 1.30|
: STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
, . c 1 ' ' THURSDAY. Jnly 9-2 P.
■ r ;'■-',', " CNITK!) STATES BONDS,
• • -' Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
US 4* coup.. 108% - 8 reg...109% —
Do new 155ue116%117%
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-s*Cbles«. 109 — Pacßoll — —
CalElecL6sll7% -.Do2d Is 6s. — —
CntraCWSs 95 97% P*O Ry 68.105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 9f> 100 P&Ch Ry 6s. . — 107
-EdsnL*P6sl2o — Pwl-stRROs. — 116%
F&CHKK6S.IOS — Reno, WI&L - 106
Geary-stß6s.lOs — Sacto PAL. • — 102%
LosAngL6s. — 99 SF&NPR6s. 98 98%
DoUiHeed6s — 103 !si'RßAriz6s 9* 96
Mkt-stCble6sl2o — SPRKCaI 65.10d%11l
DoßyCon6s..los% - !sPRKCaISs. - -
NatVln6slst 96 — ;SPBrRCaIBs- — 9914
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 SVWater6s..ll9B/i -
NPCRR6O.IOO 103%SVWater«s.. 99% 9»sa
NRyCal6s.:Os 107% ! StktnGiE 6s — 100
NBy Cal ss. — 100 iSunstT&TCs. — —
Oak Gas 65.. 100 104 Va Sutter-stßss, 109 —
Do 2d is 65.. 1043/ i 106V4i VlsaliaWCo* - —
Omnibus bs. 118% 120 I
'" Watib stocks.
Contra Costa 87 40 iSanJose.... — —
Marln C 0.... 60 — I Sprng Valley 98% 99
BAS STOCKS.
Capital. — 29 (Pacific Light _ . 48%
Central...... 95 — !San Francaco 94 84%
OakGL<&U62 52% Stockton..... — 21%
PacGaaimp. 86% 87V4J
.  INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fire man 171 — ISnn... 25 60 .
' '. COMMERCIAL BAKE STOCKS.
AmerßdVrC. — — |LondouP*A. — 128%
Anglo-Ca1.... 61% — |London<feSF. — 27%
BankofCal.. — 23»% Merch Ex... 18 —
CalSD<tTCo — 66% Nevada...... — —
FlrstNationl. — 187%|Sather B Co. — —
Grangers.... — — j
.i.V..-. . SAVINGS BANK BTOCKS.
OerS<StLCo.l337% — jSav&Loan. — 100
HumbS&L.lloo 1450 Security 250 280
Mutual — 40 Union trust. 75U —
BFSavUnlon — 490
STKKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California,. 108 - |Oak BLA Hay — 100
Geary-st. — 55 :Presldlo 7 —
Market-5t.... 44% 44% ! Sutter-st - —
KIWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant Con 34 24%
Eastern D... 76 80 Judson D..., — —
California.... 75 96 Jvigorit. — 96c
MIBCKLLAMKODS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 95 NatVlnCo.. 76 —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24Vi
Cal Cot Mills - - Pac Aax FA 1 -
Cal Dry Dock — _ PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Fdlson Llghtl2o 120% Pac Roll Mill - —
GaaconAssn. — — Part PalntCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 - PacTmnsCo. — 24
Hawc&SCo.. 19 20Vi Pac T&T Co. 76 100
Hutch PCo 30% 21 V*jSunset T&T. 41 —
MerKx Assn. 100 110 \ United C Co. — 25
M Elec Light — 4%)
BAL£I-lIUH.MMa 885910.V.
Board—
6 Edison Light A Power Co 120 25
6S V Water «H 75
94000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 99 00
100 Hutchlnson 3 P Co. 21 26
100 do do :......... 21 00
Street—
60S V Water.... 98 75
SALES— AFTERKOON SESSION.
Board—
60 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. _ 2100
100 do do • 20 »7Va
2 S V Water. 99 00
■10. do do 9887%
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bernard C. and Klira A. Duffy to Margaret K.
Wickes, lot on S line of Bush street, 100 t of Fill
more, X 27:4 by s 137:6 $10.
Susan J. Whitt house tuna Middletoni to James
B. McMurray, lot on N lineof Oak street, 7t> E of
Scott, X 25 by N 100: $10.
William A. McWiiliams to Anna E. McWll
liams, lot on W line of Bcott street, 181 N of Rid
ley, N 25 by W 118:9: gift.
Peter and Rosalie Harvey to Frederick Faber.
lot on s line of Twenty-fourth street, 25 Kof
Sanchez, E 25 by S 90: $20.
John and Louisa M. haaslinger to Brljida T. de
Escobar, lot on 8 line of John street, 160:3 W of
Powell, W 22:9 by 561:3: $10.
Antonio Mnrengo to Mary Marengo, lot on N
line of Francis* o street, 100 E of Leavenworth, E
37:6 by N 112:6; also lot on S line of Bay street.
46:3 £ of Mason, E 22:6 by S 60; -ift.
losepbine Vidy to Frank L. Walther. undivided
one-sixth interest In lot S corner of Huron and
Sherman avenues, SW 160, SE 260, NE 168, N\V
322, block 20, Wet End Map J; $10,
William A. McWllliams to Anna E. McWlUiams,
lot 6, block 114, University Mound Tract: girt.
Same to same, lot 7, block 77, same tract; sift.
J. B. Lewis to .Salvatore Oarbarino. lot on HE
corner of Vancouver street and Charter Oak ave
nue, SE 52:7, SW 66:9, N 89:7»i, Haley pur
chase: $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Nellie Mockfer
lot 30, section 25, North addition: $103.
AI AMkl'A COI'NTY.
Joseph Robinson to Michael Rush and Margaret
J Gilmarten (wife of J. T.), lot on NW corner of
West and Lydia streets, N 40:2 by W 100, block
G.Curtis A Williams Tract, Oakland; also prop
erty in San Francisco ; $10.
Michael Rush to Joseph Robinson, same (two
pieces). Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mat
thew Reischman, graves Nob. -197 to 600, 55.3 to
656. plat 39, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland;
$56.
Carr and Fanny K. Howard and F. F. Weston
to Oakland Water Company, the E 5 feet of lot 3 6,
block H, resubdivision of the Weston Tract, Oak
land Township: $5.
Peter Mache to Meta Mache, lot on W line of
Twelfth street, 100.40 S of Railroad avenue, S 7ft
by M 100, being lot 5 and S half of lot 4. block 26,
Beaudry and Peladeau property, Oakland Town
ship: gift.
Charles W. Smith to Mary A. Smith, lot on W
line of Spaulding avenue, 66.71 N of Bancroft
way, N 253.12 by W 258.50, being lots 33 to 40,
block 2, .-Spaulding Tract, Berkeley; also property
111 San Francisco: gift.
George C. and M. H, Edwards to H. M. Babbitt
(trustee), lots 3, 6, 7, 9. 10 to 17 block F, and lots
5, 7, 9, 11, 13 to 16. block E, map of the Salinxer
1 ract, Berkeley : $10.
b. M. Babbitt (trustee) to Georgu C. Edwards,
same, Berkeley; $10.
Bubert E. Bredon to Henry D. .Banks, lot on E
lineof Whittier street, 384 N of East Fourteenth
street, N 75 by E 146.62, being lotn 16, 17 and 18,
block B, Fruit vale Tract, Brooklyn Township
also properly in San Francisco; $L
Henry D. Banks to Dora Mitchell, lot on E line
of Whittier street, 384 X of East Fourteenth, N
76 by ■ 146.62. being lots 16, 17 and 18, block B
Frultvale Tract, Brooklyn Township-. $10.
James and Sarah L. Cofflu to John P. Beckett
lot on N W corner of Boston avenue, 30 NE of Har
rold, NE 59.20 by N W 100 23, being lots 2 and 3
and portion of lot 1, block A, Champion Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
William C. Behrens to Mary Behrens, lot on E
Hue of i-herman street, 126 N of Buena Vista ave
nue, N 60 by E 150, being lots 6 and 7, block B
Taylor and Page Tract, Alameda; $6.
Builders' Contracts.
J. W. Sailer with J. Bucner, to erect a three
story frame building on W line of Valencia street
151 S of Twenty-Urn; $6652; Martens* Coffey
architects.
J. W. Slater with Henry Hufschmidt, plumbing
and gasfittingonsame: $743; same architects.
Royal Eagle Distilleries Company with Ferdi
nand Wagner, brick and iron work, etc.. for a
four-stOry brick building on NE corner of Powell
and Ellis streets; $22,370: De Prosse A Meurs
dorffer architects.
Royal Eagle Distilleries Company with G. Schut t,
carpenter work, etc., on same; $18,795; same
architect.
Roslna Gometti with H. T. Orieb, alterations
and addition* to a two-story building on W line of
Stockton street. 69:8 S of Greenwich; »1875
--architect contractor.
YHE CALL CALENDAR.
July. 1896.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hybbogbapkic Office, U. a N., 1
MHBCHAKTB' KXCHANQK. V
San Francisco. July 9. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly it 8 ?. 11., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fkchtblkr,
Lieutenant U. s. y in charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francineo.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. B. COAST ikd OWJDSTIO sobvsy TlD»>
Bri.i,KTijr Published BY Official, V
AUTHORITY OF TRI SUPKBIXTK^OKNT. )
Frldnv, July 10.
Son risss 4.55! Moon rises...
Sunsets 7.35'M00n sets o.oopm
July-189«.
Sow- In the above exposition of tho tide* the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractlre
from the depth given by the charts.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. Jnly 9.
| Btmr National City. Andresen, 22Vi hours from
[ Eureka: lumber, to c A Hooper* Co.
Htmr North Fork, Hanson. 26 hours from Eu
reka: pass and mdse, to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 16 hours from Moss Landing,
etc: prod nee. to (Joodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 5H hours from Victoria;
pass and mdse. to Goodali, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 16 hours from
Mendoclno and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
Btmr State of California, Ackley. 58 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 48 hours; pass and mdse,
to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 73 hours frm Coos Bay:
lumber, to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, 4Vi days from
Coquille River; 160 M ft lumber, to CF Doe <fe Co.
Schr Rober Lewers, Goodman, 23 days from
Honolulu: 16,870 bags sugar, 200 bags coffee, to
Williams. Dimond A Co.
Schr Crar, Hutman, 34 days from Ban Bias;
sugar, etc. to Thannbauser A Co.
Schr Edward Parke, Anderson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor; 235 M ft lumber, to Grays Harbor
Commercial Co.
Schr C A Thayer, Lilyqnlst. 6 days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co.
Cleurert.
THURSDAY, July 9.
Btmr St Paul, Green, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins A Co.
Haw bark Leahi. Johnson, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Sailed.
THURSDAY, July 9.
Stmr Arago, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr fillamook. Hansen.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendocino.
Bark C D Bryant, Lee, Sydney.
Schr Ralph J Long, Jensen, Shelter Cove.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Jnlv 9—lo r. it— Weather
hazy wind SW: velocity. 6 miles.
Charters.
The schr J G Nortn loads mdse for Honolpui
bktn W H Dimond, mdse. for Honolulu; shp:
Roderick Dhu, mdse for Hilo.
The Brship Metropolis loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 28s 9d— ls 3d less direct— short lay
days.
The Brship Cesarea loads flour at Portland for
For Natal: Brsbip Australia, wheat at Portland
for Kurope.
! May s— Br ship Reliance, hence Mar 22 for
] Cork.
May 22—23 N 23 W, Br bark I.adas, from
Liverpool for Honolulu.
June 19—8 534 W— Br barn Donna Franclsca,
from Tacoma for Queensiown.
July 3—tt N 41 W, Br bark Dundonald, hence
Mar 10 for Hull.
July 5—49 N 7 W, Br ship Glenflnart, from
Swansea, for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
POINT ARENA— Arrived July 9— Stmr Whites
boro honce July 8.
WE-TPoKT— Sailed July 9— Stmr Albion, for
Df viibiss Landing.
BOW ENS LANDING— SaiIed July 9-Schr Mary
Etta, for San Franc isso.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 8 — Schr Mary Buhne
9— Schr Alice, for Port Los Angeles; stmr Alice
Blanchard, for Portland.
Arrived July 9— Stmr Alice Blanchard, hence
July 7: stmr Pomona, hence July 8.
FORT ROSS— Arrived July 9— Schr Etta, hence
Jill ■ 8.
-ailed— Schr Etta, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWN SEND — Arrived July s— Schr
Golden Shore, from Newcastle, NSW.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 9— Stmr Columbia, hce
July 7; stmr Signal, from Puget Sound; stmr Ar
cata, hence July 3 via Eureka.
TACOMA— Arrived July 9— Ship Samaria, hence
June 9.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 9— Stmr Alcatraz. hce
July 0.
Sailed— Schr Western Home, for San Francisco;
•tmr Alcalraz, for Yaouina Bay.
SAN PEDKO- Arrived July 9- stmr Excelsior,
from San Diego, and sailed for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived July 9-Schr
Golden Shore, from Newcastle, NSW ; Nor bark
Nora, from Papeete.
Sailed July 9— Schrs, J B Leeds and American
Girl, for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDING-Arrived July 9— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence July tf .
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed July 8 — Stmr Del
None, for San Francisco.
Eastern Ports,
NEW YORK— Arrived July B— Ship Henry Vll
lard, from Hilo.
Sailed July 9-Bark Guy C Goas, for Port Los
Angeles.
Foreign Ports.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July B— Br bark Invers
naid, hence Mar 4.
HONGKONG-Arrived July 3 — Ship Chas E
Moody, from Port Los Angeles. 9-Stmr Pern, he
June 10.
WOLG AST— Arrived prior to Jnly B— Nor bark
Crown Prince, from Vancouver.
SWANSEA — oailed July B— Br bark Reine
Blanch, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— sailed July 7— Bark Orecon, for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed July s— Br stmr Belglcfor
San Francisco via Honolulu.
ACAPULCO-Sailed July B— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
Importation*.
SANTA CRUZ-Per Gipsy— B cs cheese, 2 pkgs
ary fruit. 1 cs egijs. 2 bxs butter, 22 rolls leather
Monterey— B3 Mis hides, 2 bxs butter, 393 sks
dry squids, V cs cheese, 3 pkes mdse.
Moss Landing— 42 sks potatoes, Ibx butter.
Watsonvllle— ttpc-s 8 sks brass, 16 sks 2 bbls old
rubber, 1 sic scrap brass.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— l pkg mdse
130 M ft lumber.
Point Arena— l keg 61 bxs butter. 7 dressed
hogs, 2 pkgs mdse, 1 pKg hardware. 1 bbl whisky.
PORTLAND— Per State or California— l 9 sks
bark. 675 sks bran. 1625 gunnies. 750 qr-sks 4811
sks flour. 518 sks oats. 1*45 sks f1ax. 303 sks wool,
100 bdls bags, 14V8 pkgs paper, 450 hides and
pelts. 200.sks twine, 257 bxs tlnplate, 1463 bdls
snooks.
Astoria— l7s sks oysters, 35,200 cs salmon, 450
bdls shooks, 152 bxs scrap tin.
VANCOUVER (via C P R K)-ll cs dry goods,
40 cs hats. 23 cs hosiery, llift cs champagne, 76
cs boots and shoes, 14 crts 3 bxs 2 bbls 'J. j tubs ma
ple sugar. 27 cs cigarettes. 9 cs w k goods, 8 cs k
underwear, 30 bxs ru;sinx.
New Whatcom— l bx underwear, 6 cs cham
pagne, 2 picks imise,
Everett— -J9 rolls 34 cs 620 bdls paper, 1400 bars
bullion, 363 bars lead.
Tacoma— les books, 1 bbl whisky, 4 pkgs mdse
2 bdls snoOKs. 6cs shoes, 400 bars bullion.
Tacoma, west of Fargo— l74o sks flour, 1 bx
leather goods. 184 sks wheat. "J76 pkKS furniture l
bx harlware, 356 sks millfeed.
Tacoma, via .\ P Rail .\ ay -,4 bxs hardware, Ibx
cork, 1 bx spelter. 1 cs rubber goods.
Beatlle— 249 bdls hides, 9 pkgs mdse, 8 bxs ham
37 bxs tish, 8 bxs salmon, 1 bx hardware 1 boi
showcards, 3 pkgs mdse, 2 sks coin. 1302 ton's
coal.
Sttka— 1 bx stores, 1 bx arms.
Killisnoo-2400 sks guano.
Wrangle—! 5 hf-bbts salmon. 2 bis deerskins.
Port Townsend— l cs clams, 40 kegs nails
Juneau— 2 bars Dull ion.
Snmdom— l bar bullion, 134 sks concentrates
Vlctorla-1 pkg mdse, 1 sk coin.
ARCATA— Per North rork-1 bx Dlates in
pkgs hardware, 24 sks gluestock. 140 sks wool 6
bis pelis. 2 sks tails, 1 cs mdse. 6 oil tanks, les
\>> /A I\> ■•', M ; ? oua or diseases of tho generativp K Ure 7 01 1 1 1* v Der "
l" am \? *£&4J InOTlMli^f^Mlntheßack,Smlnai^&.P^? v 1 Lost^nhood,
ViT^B T <WSk PimplesTVnfitness to l^ry7ExhauatS!fl?S'n > ' c^ 0 J? 8 Ability.
\^A V^^^ Constloation. It stops all lomwbv day o* niehL^ P r ??'* ai '^
rr^K^CUpfnTNr, 6 * tro^T^'kn^^mS'^^rX^a^o^^ Ss— wHb
S Awrfttj-nffuarantee given and money returned llti ste^S^rU^t*? ogtraUon. 5000 testlmonC
|LOO a box, six % f 5.00. by mail. f Send f or nnS^an d Ue^mSntaS? 4 e&BCt * P^^^eat coSi
DAVOI. BIEDICINB CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
BOOKS' PHAJtAIACY, 118 Powell^, Sfc
guns, 216 Mft lumber, 2077 M shingles. 58 M
Sh SAN"BLAS-Per Czar-2275 bags sugar. 433
3k pORTLAND-Per Emplre-10 M ft oak lumber
460 Mft pine lumber, J4 bbU copper. ska
hones, 30 cds matchwood. 30 tuba buiter, 1650
bxs tin.
" Per Point Arena— Mendocino Lumber Co Paul
Fryman : Ross A Hewlett : Norton, Teller A Co:
Wilson & Baecbtel: Dairymen's Union: W _ J Nic-
Olson: Martin. FeuslerA Co; Standard O I Co W R
La c; I>unham, Carrigan A Co: OB Smith A Co.
Per Uipsy-Cal Bottling Co: W & J Sloane A Co:
G«ißroi Co: Standard .Oil Co^Blssinger & Co:
Brlghan., Hoppe A Co; Wolf A s»on .^ ldc^ k "
Bros: Herman Hammond & Brod Arctic
Oil Works: Dairymen's Union; Kron Tanning Co.
Bowers Rubber Co: Enterprise Brewery: Garratt
A Son; Norton. Teller 4: Co.- -r-.-.. * m
Per mail. la-Murphy, Grant & Co; Triest *Co
Cahn, >-ickelßburg& Co; Buckingham, & Co.
American Tobacco Co: San Francisco Brewery:
California Cbamnagne Co: Wells, Fargo &Co. A
Vlenier A Co: Belby Smelting and Lead Co; BanK
of British North America: Blake Moflltt A Towne:
Dunham, Carrigan A Co: W G Richardson; Ameri
can Biscuit Cof Wm Wolff A Co; C H season : Foe
Barry & Co; Bartling Springs Co; Catholic Art &
Book Co: B Mlngota; F S Chevalier; TH_Klrby;
Greenbaum&Co; C J Lastreto Co; GH How
ard; Doerenbecker Furniture Co; HDutard. ii n
HiL-Kliis &Co: CJLeist&Co: American Unioa
Fish Co; Del Monte Milling Co; S . Sterf rates -. T
Marwedel: Shreve Co: Greensfleider &Co; ■EM
Welch*. Co: Btssln?er& Co: Italian Swiss Col
ony : Amer Caro Acid & Gas Co; Gets Bros A Co :
Louis Bondeli : Fred J Miller; W O Hintou ; Duff
&Co; Milan! & Co; Oregon Imp Co: surgeons
Navy Hospital: Allen & Lewis; Gilbert Clement
* Co: Sawyer Tanning Co; Bank of California ;J
D French; London & San Francisco Bank; J
Per State of California- Moore, Ferguson A Co;
Allen <fc Lewis; A Pallies: Otis. McAllister & Co;
FHlllens<fcCo: MPDetels: Hecht Bros A Co: J
Wohlner: S Koshland Co; Willamette Pulp &
Paper Co: Balfour, Guthrle & Co; Clatsop Mill Co;
Darbee & Immel: M E A Wagner: E J Ward: O
W Emmons: Wetmore Bros; Pac Sheet A Metal
Works: Rose eld Sons; Morgan Oyster Co; JA
Lacy MBMoraghan: Crown Paper Co; Tubba
Cordage Co; Flint & Wise.
Per Empire— San Francisco ana N P Railway;
G E Arkinson; E B Kean A Co: Hills Bros: Bay
City Match Co ; Chas Harley ACo N Ohlandt <fc
Co: order.
Per North Fork— Amer Press Assn: California
Glue Works; Dunham. Carrigan «fcCo: Son Bros
Co; Standard Oil Co: Christy A Wise; G W Shreve;
W B Sumner A Co: Chas Nelson. •
Per Cz-tr-Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Thann
hauser ACo W Loaiza A Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence. See Fifteenth Page.
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS.
ASTORIA ANIPOfiTLANII
$2.50 Second Class. $5 First Glass,
MEALS AND BERTH INCLUDED.
Colombia sails... June '27, July 7, 17 and 27
State of California sails. July 2, 12 and 22
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Genl. Supts.
V. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
. - 630 Market street.
none coast steamship compact
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
S*lx>avt Class ...... -. &0.00
Seoond Class S3 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL. PERKINS** CO.. •
- - ... UP'i«>ral Aeents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSDIP COMPANY
STEAMERS 'WILL SAIL FROM AsA
Broadway ■wharf, San Francisco, as -^ttSff
IoUowb:
For Mary Island. Lorlntc, Wrana»L Jnneao. KU-
llsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., July 3. 13,
18. 28 mi . -. la, 21.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
*end. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacon-es and Nevr
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
July 3, s. 13, IS. 23. 28. ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wittt
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. B. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend witb
Alaska steamers.
-. For Eureka. Arcata and Field* Landlnc (Htia-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it. ju.y 5, 8. 12,
16 2". 24, Sx and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucot,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. it. Jui j
2. H. Hi. 14, 18, 22. 26. 30 and every fonrtu day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port ' Harfor I
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. juiy 5. .->. 12. 10, 20, 24, 2H ani every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose- del Cabo, Mazatlan, L*
Pas. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 A. M.. .In y B«na2sthof each month thereafter
Ticjcet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
tiOODALI* PERKINS & CO., Geni Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days tc
HAWAII. SAMOA, L* HONOLULU
. NEW ZEALAND, HI by
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. a AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Sneciai party rates.
S. S. MAHIPo*\ sails via HONOLULU anl
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, . Thursday, July a A
at 2 r. m . . .
Line to COOIjGARDIE, Aust-.and CAPETOWN.
fcouUi Africa. .
3. i». BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Apt*
- ■ 114 Montgomery at.
Freight Office. 327 -Market, st., San Francisco.
COIPAGWE ERAL TRAifSATLAiSTIOOB
French LIt»«» to Havre!
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH ja~rx
\J River, foot of Morton at. Traveler* by £7jQfi|g
this line avoid both transit oy English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. : New YorK to Alexandria, Egyot, via Pans,
first-class $160: second-class. 311<t . *^
I.A TOURAINE. Capt. Santelil.. May 2H. 8 » v
LA NORMANDIJE Ma £ •.?*££'
LA GASCOGNE ..".fa % »& 7t £
La >UK:>IANUIii....... July 4 6a! 2
LA GAJ-COONE July -Jo 11 ££
LA NOHMASDIE Aneust 1, 5 Z If"
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. I*b^af. June 6, 7 a. «L
■sT For further partlcalars apply to
«r« <« w«u A.FOROEr. Agent.
■ ■ ■.TinrV^ a ZX me Or «en, New Yorlc
a 3 #r?n C^°- A eOt * » Mont,o MWy
WHITE $m LBJB.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
■- - BBTWEXUT -■ ■
NewY l r , l L^U e^^v /n^l! rPOOI
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _ m -
ln X to steamer and accommodations afifil
•elected; second cabin, $3fi and «40; Maj-ScTR
through to San Francisco at IoTJTt rates. T^e^
ab Pacr fl a c n M tt T?3 s™£J
sssra^Vo'te^ "-vmj^^S
..■"■- Qeneial Agent tor Pacinc Coast
ROYAL MAIL STEAiI_PACRET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIN WALL >&*«&_
fortnightly for the West. Indies and -rdtiß}
Southampton, calling en route at CPrbourgh,
France,' and Plymouth to land passengers.
: • Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mail S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
- 1 Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, f 195 : third
Class, 997 60. For further particulars apply to
*ARRQTT & CO., Agents,
. . . 806 California st.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St
At 6 P. M. Daily, rrngh. received un
to .>:3i> **. 1. . **
tSf Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■ STJiAMIiK^: P°one.
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton
Telephone Main 805. Cat Nay. and Inapt, co
fALLEJO, MARK iSL ? MMm, Fo&i -
COSTA AMD CROCKETT.
STK. MONTICELLO, :
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. a.
and 4 *• K. ; Saturday; 10:30 a. h., 3:30 *. su
-.only. Bttn<Uy - SF - jt ; -
J-auadlnß, UiMion 1. Pie* *.DEATH THINNING
THE G. A. R. BANKS.
Sorrowful Public Duty of
Lyon Post After Re
instatement.
AN OLD COMRADE DIES.
Private Mongeiaz Answers the
Last Call at a Good Old
Age.
PRESENTED THE FIRST FLAG
For Eighteen Years He Was Col
lector of the French Benevo
lent Society.
Oakland Office San Fbancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 9. |
The first public duty of Lyon Post after
its reinstatement will be to bury one of its
oldest members.
Charles Joseph Mongeiaz has passed
The Late Charles Joseph Mongeiaz. His Military Fnneral Will Be the First
Public Act of Lyon i-cat, G. A. R., After Its Reinstatement.
from the ranks of the veterans and to
morrow afternoon will be buried by his
comrades.- - ~"T' ----- ",-"_'
The deceased was one of the charter
mem hers of Lyon Post, and has worked
hard to maintain its standing. He took
great int rest in Grand Army matters, and
was always a prominent figure at all pub
lic ceremonies, he was well known in
French circles on both sides of the bay,
and for eighteen years he wa3 the collector
for the French Benevolent Society. He
was very highly remembered by that
society at their annual meeting for his
faithful work.
When Lyon Post was first organised
Comrade Mongeiaz was a leading spirit
in the new post. Partly through his ef
forts the G. A. R. plat in Mountain View
Cemetery was deeded by the Cemetery
Association to Lyon Post. When the plat
was formally dedicated Coruraile Monge
lay presented to the post the first flag that
was ever hoisted at the plat. It was a
beautiful large nag, and is still preserved
as one of the relcs of tue post.
The deceased was a private of Alexander
Gibson's Company B, Seventh Regiment
of Infantry. California Volunteers. He
enlisted October 7, 1863, and was honorably
discharged at the Presidio, April 26, 1866,
in accordance with a special order of
January of that year.
Charles J. Mongeiaz has been in busi
ness in this city for many years and has
always been noted for his enthusiasm in
Grand Army work. He was born in
Savoy over 72 years ago, and came tc this
country when very young.
The "interment will take place at the
soldiers' plat at Mountain View, and his
comrades will bury him with military
honors.
WAS VERY NEAR DEATH,
Mrs. George Perkins Jr. Took
a Large Dose of
Poison.
Mistook the Bott'e and Swallowed
Enough Aconite and Chloroform
to Kill Several Peop c.
Oakland OrFiCK 8a"» Francisco Call,)
908 IS road way, July 9. f
Mrs. George O. Perkins Jr. was suffi
ciently recovered this morning to explain
to her physician how yesterday's accident
happened.
No one was admitted to her presence, bat
Dr. McCullough made the following state
ment this afternoon:
"At 12 o'clock yesterday I received word
to go to Mrs. Perkins' house, that she had
either taken wrong medicine or too much
of some medicine. When I got there I
found her in a comatose condition. The
nurse was greatly excited and cculd not
clearly explain what had happened. Mrs.
Perkins was in a most serious comatose
condition, alternating with convulsions.
She has been a sufferer of hysterical con
vulsions for some time past. 1 firai in
jected apomorphia and subsequently
-irychnia and then sent for Dr. Sill as
• unV.iltant. She responded to strychnia
and we continued that treatment for sev
eral hours, during wnicta period she was
out of her mind all ths time, and no in
telligible answer from her could be ob
tained to our queries. About 2a. m. she
became rational and was soon able to ex
plain everything. She said she was sit
ting at the dinner table, ani feeiing that she
v>aß troing to nave a hysterical attack she
went to a closet and got bol<l of a six-ounce
bottle of liniment which stood next to the
bottle containing the remedy for her at
tacks. She poured out a wiueglassful
and swallowed it. She immediately dis
covered by the taste that she had token the
wrong stuff and then tried to take an
emetic of mustard and water and told the
nurse to telephone for me. The emetic
had no effect and she soon became uncon
scious. On examination of the liniment
this morning 1 found it was composed of
the tincture of aconite and chloroform lin
iment, equal parts. There was enough of
quick acting poison in it to have killed
several people and it is a wonder the lady
is alive to-day. However, she is all right
now, but will be sick for a few days."
— ♦-— ♦ — •
A CHANCE TO REFORM.
TV i 111 am Fountain TV ill Go on a Ranch
a Montb, Then to
Sea.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— Sentence was
postponed in the Police Court tnis morn
ing in the case of "William Fountain until
Monday morning, at which time Judge
Wood will accept bond and allow the boy's
parents to place their son on a ranch near
Gilroy.
Theae arrangements were made after a
consultation of all parties concerned. The
boy claims to have been led by bad com
panions aud declares if given a chance he
will redeem his cood name. At the end
of thirty days he will return and on a sat
isfactory showing of hiscoDduct the Judge
has agreed to reiease him, when his par
ents will send him to sea.
Fountain was arrested some time ago,
and when searched was found to have a
full kit of burglar's tools and one of the
latest improved safe-cracking devices in
his possession.
f a iui« ICr>inmpvU*n
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— Jacob Kor
nahrens hied a damage auit with the
County Clerk this morning against the
city of Oakland for the sum of (3500. He
claims to have been damaged that much
by water whicb flooded his place of busi
ness. His saloon is on the corner of
Twenty-second street and Ban Pablo
avenue. He says that the city has failed
to provide sufficient ways and means for
the escape of the storm waters whicb
bank up there owing to the changinc of
the grade of certain streets.
HARKER MAY BE INSANE.
The Young Attorney's Friends
Say He Had No Reason
to Flee.
L. E. White's Vast Estate Goes to
His Family Without Probate.
Meetings in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 9.-Charles F.
Harker, a young San Francisco attorney
who has been residing in Berkeley, has dis
appeared and his relatives fear that he haa
committed suicide. Harker had been suf
fering from despondency for some days,
financial troubles and poor health having
combined to depress him.
On Friday morning tbe young man left
' for San Francisco and nothing has been
I heard of him since. His home in San
j Francisco is at 3214 Washington street and
| his office at 4 Sutter street. An investiga
tion of Harker's affairs shows that there
was no reason for especial despondency on
his part and it is thought that he became
insane.
Since last Friday the most diligent
inquiries have been made by the relatives
of the missing young man, but they have
failed to elicit any information, barker
resided in Berkeley with his sister and her
husband, Mr. and Mrs. Fernald, at 1 Bush
nell place. His brother. George A. Harker,
is a member of the University class of '98.
Death of an Old Resident.
BERKELEY. Cal., July B.— A. Thieger,
who for many years conducted a bakery at
West Berkeley, died this morning of heart
disease, leaving a widow and five children.
He was a member of the Bakers' Union
and of the Sons of Herman, and had been
in Berkeley for eighteen years.
K«w« Notes of Interest.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 9.— Tbe entire
estate of the late L. E. White, the "Lum
ber King," who died at Cazadero last
! week, will go to bis wire and children and
; the transfer will be made without probate
proceedings, the millionaire having deeded
it to them in its entirety.
A warrant is out for the arrest for con
tempt of court of John R. Perkins, who
was shot at Lorin last Christmas by
Albert Menzenmeyer. Perkins was cited
to appear before Justice Lord in a civil suit
and failed to be on hand.
The Citizen Suffrage Society of Berkeley
will hold a meeting in Stiles Hall next
Monday afternoon.
The parish of St. Mark's Episcopal
Church Las decided to enlarge its vestry
to seven members after August 8. The
new vestrymen will be A. A. Pennoyer
and A. M. Button. The present vestry
consists of James Palaciie, S. S. C. Parker,
I F. L. Hobson, Professor W. A. Merrill and
George W. Kline.
Professor Granville E. Foster, formerly
of the State Normal School of Illinois, will
preach in the North Berkeley Congrega
tional Church next Sunday evening on
"The Immortality of the Soul as Illus
trated by the Book of Eccleaiastes."
Berkeley Lodge, I. O. O. F., installed the
i following new ofnears this evening: W.
B. Chase, N. G.; M. P. Geirrine, V. G.;
Charles Geirrine, secretary; Joseph Chap
pie, treasurer. The officers were installed
by I. A. Boynton. 1). D. G. M. Harbor
Lod-e of Oakland v.as tbe guest of Berke
ley Lodge during the evening.
The funeral of Senor Rafael Gallegos,
tbe Costa Kican Consul who died yester
day while walking to the railroad station
in Berkeley, will be held to-morrow morn
ing from St. Joseph's Church on Addison
street.
Professor and Mrs. Irving Stringham
have gone to Los Angeles for a few weeks.
• — * — •
Three crematories are in operation in
England — one in Manchester, another in
i Woking and the third in Liverpool.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FJRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
THIRTEEN DUNCES
MAKE A POUND,
Faulty Spring Scales in
Use All Over the
City.
RESULT OF MANY TESTS.
Mayor Davie Trying to Devise
a Plan to Insure Honest
Weight
AN INSPECTOR NECESSARY.
Every Housekeeper Interested in the
Result of a Recent Com
plaint.
Oaklatto Omen Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 9. )
The little spring scales that are used so
commonly by nearly every storekeeper
will soon come under the official eye of
the city government. The matter, at
first sight, seems but a small one, but it
is one which has long been under consid
eration by hundreds of housekeepers.
The trouble witu the little spring scales
is that they systematically cheat the cus
tomers, and there is at present no redress.
A glimpse at the construction of the
spring scale will show how easy it is for
it to defraud customers. Tbe book on
which the scale is hung is connected with
the top of the spring, and every time a
parcel of goods is weighed the upper part
of the spring is the only part that works.
Probably goods weighing one or two
pounds are on the scales a hundred times
to every parcel weighing five pounds.
This, of course, lessens tbe power of the
spring at the upper eno, and, in the course
of time, weakens the wire. The result of
this is that a little less than a pound will
bring the indicator down to the one-pound
mark.
As the machine is kept in service the
resistance of the spring continues to de
crease until in some instances twelve
ounces will apparently weigh a pound.
Borne days ago a curious housekeeper, who
could not make ncr kitchen scales tell the
same story as was on her bills, made some
experiments. She went to half a dozen
stores in tbe center of town and made
purchases, carefully marking each one.
When weighed on the home scales every
package was short one to three ounces on
the pound. Some of the storekeepers were
informed of their faulty scales and could
not be convinced until they had made
several tests.
The matter has been laid before the
Mayor and in his next message to the
Council he will recommend that an ordi
nance be drawn up providing against such
methods in doing business.
"The affair has been called to my atten
tion," said Mayor Davie to-day, "and
after giving it a little thought I at once
saw what a really important matter it
was. It affects every small consumer in
the city, and the smaller tbe consumer
the more he is affected. I do not quite
see how the evil can be remedied, but I
have no doubt that the point lias been cov
ered in many other cities, and I shall
make inquiries. I have the charters of
many important cities in my office, and I
shall looK through them. The possibility
of fraud is so great that it would almost
justify the appointment of an inspector of
weights and measures. The duties might
be attended to by the license inspector.
Many matters of * much less importance
are regulate i by law.
"It would be a mistake to suppose that
the merchants are knowingly using weak
scales, because such is not the case. Tue
majority of the merchants, I feel sure,
will willingly co-operate in any move
ment to insure accurate weight and scales.
At the same time 1 have no doubt tuere
are many storekeepers who are knowingly
using false scales, and they should be
prosecuted.
"In Europe, I am told, this thing is care
fully regulated. An official inspector of
weights and measures visits every locality
annually, and a heavy penalty is imposed
on all storekeepers who do not present the
weights and scales for adjustment. Any
one found with weights that have not the
latest official stamp upon them is also
heavily lined. It would be a good plan to
have some such officer here."
A. J. SNYDER DIES.
Oakland's First Real Kstate Man Snc-
rumbs to Dropsy.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— Andrew
Jackson Snyder, the first real estate dealer
of Oakland and one of the city's wealthy
men, died at his country residence at Cal
istoga at noon to-day of dropsy.
Mr. Snyder was born at Johnston, Ohio,
in 1823, and served under Taylor in the
Mexican War. He came to the coast in
1849, and to Oakland nine years later. He
was worth about $500,000 in bank stocks,
real estate and money at the time of his
death. He owned several of tbe business
blocks of this city.
He leaves a widow, Mrs. A. M. Snyder,
and seven children, Byron 8.. Mrs. Emma
Rein hard t, Mrs. Rebecca Wurts, Miss
Alice, Miss Lillian and A. J. Jr.
DAKLAND CUSTOM-HOUSE.
It Is Already More Than Paying Run
. ning Kxpemei.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— The Oakland
custom-house has now been in operation
several months. During that time much
business has passed through the port for a
new establishment. No large amount of
foreign goods have yet been * consigned
directly to this port, for it is not entered
in the list of ports, but the volume of
business has already ; paid the running
expenses.
Commissioner English declares that
there will be $5000 or $6000 cleared month
ly ■in a very snort time. At present the
principal business comes from New
Orleans by the Sunset route.
Popullfi* VAwct Offl«<>l<
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— The Young
Men's Populist Zouave League met last
night and electeu officers for its uniform
rank. C. £. Garaner is the captain, J. F.
Paulk first lieutenant, J. H. Thompson
second lieutenant, Joseph Palinbaum
corporal, G. W. Buttner commissary ser
geant and Sam Hiller and James Hopkirk
color- bearers.
Did Not Prosecnte.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 9.— Miss Minnie
Stedman refused to swear to a warrant
against Henry de May, whom she charged
with betraying her, this morning when
the Prosecuting Attorney and Clerk of the
Police Court went to this house. De May
was immediately released.
Rev. Mr. Coyle Leaving.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— Rev. Camp
bell Coyle, who has been the assistant
pastor of the First Presbyterian Cnurcti
for the past two or three years, will leave
for Toledo, Ohio, on Monday morning.
Filed a Protest.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— The patrons
of the Piedmont School have passed reso
lutions commending Mrs. H. K. Freuch,
the principal, and demanding of the new
board her retain ment.
HE WAS AMBITIOUS.
A Stanford Student Dies From Over
work.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— The death of
Alfred C. Montgomery to-day takes one of
the brightest students from the Stanford
University. He was a very promising
student in Latin, and was in hopes of
securing a professorship in that institu
tion after he graduated.
Montgomery was the son of Mrs. Fannie
J. Montgomery, deaconess of the F rst
Methodist Church. He was almost broken
down when school closed and went at
once to a farm in Oregon, where it was
thought he would be Benefited, but his
system was too lar gone, and he was
brought home to die.
FOUR DAYS WITHOUT FOOD
Mother and Child Without the Neces
saries of Life.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 9.— Mrs. Soloman
Baumgarten, a bride of a year, made a
most pitiful appeal to-day on her knees
for help to keep herself and babe irom
starving.
She rays she and her husband have
parted and a divorce case is now pending.
She asserts that ncr husband has not fur
nished any support since the child was
born and that she had not tasted food in
four days.
Mrs. Prescott gave her assistance and
will see that the woman is properly pro
vided for. _________________
LEFT WITHOUT A BRIEF.
Why Attorney E. L. Bruner Was
Angry Over a Manda
mus Suit.
Cleveland's Cousin in the Salvation
Army— Gates Going on
Trains.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 9.— E. L. Brn
ner, counsel for tbe Delanoy-Lloyd-Flem
ine combine, who considered himself re
tained by the City Treasurer to defend his
actions in not paying A. L. Fish tbe sums
of $7^oo and $2500, will only appear as
araicus curia; in court to-morrow. Mr.
Wheeler will be defended, as City Treas
urer, by the City Attorney, E. K. Taylor.
M. 8. Taylor, brother and partner of the
City Attorney, acts as counsel for A. L.
Fish.
According to Bruner, the arrangement
was made with Treasurer Wheeler fully
five weeks ago, and when the mandamus
writ was served on the latter the papers
were handed over to Bruner.
When Bruner learned of his substitution
this morning he was more than angry.
"This is the most extraordinary act that
has come to my knowledge since 1 have
been an attorney," said he, "aud a singu
lar thing is that in the answer to tbe com
plaint there is not a denial of anything,
either specifically or generally. I shall
attend the case in the morning as a friend
of tne court, and urge that there is coliu
sion attempted in the payment of the war
rants. This movement in the case is to
forestall the decision in the case before
Judge Frick concerning the city."
Grover'a Second Cousin.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 9.— Among tbe
many noittbly connected residents of Ala
ineda is a gentleman who, till to-day, has
oeen contented to live without talking
about hia illustrious relatives. His name
is C. K. ladmaa and he claims ho if a sec
ond cousin to the President of tbe United
States. Mr. Cadman is collector and agent
for Gray Brothers and sergeant-major in
the local Salvation Army corps.
School Board Chaugn.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. July 9.— At the Edu
cation Board's adjourned meeting to-night
a resolution was introduced altering the
duties of principals in regard to their
spending at least two hours daily in teach
ing where there are eight or more rooms
in the building. The High School cur
riculum was modified and ordered printed.
The balances on hand were declared to be:
County, $2072; general, $2010; high, $1613;
library, $74.
Departure of Sporting Dogs.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 9.— J. H. Ros
sltter's greyhound, Wayfarer, wnohas won
all the best prizes around the bay tuis
past two months, was shipped this after
noon to Huron, South Dakota, where he
is entered for tLe Waterloo cup event,
to be run at the beginning oi next month.
Pocahontas, Kitty Scott and San Elesia,
three other well-known Alameda dogs, ac
companied Wayfarer.
The False Lover Is Known.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 9.— Miss Jennie
Carlston, the would-be suicide, is now out
of danger. Her riother is out on the war
path alter "Hugbey," who turns out to be
Hugh Dolan, a young man with blonde
hair and mustache who was formerly an
employe in the Alameda, Oakland and
Piedmont Electric Railway's service.
Divorces Granted.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 9.— Emma Claus
sen lias hied a complaint for divorce from
Henry Claussen oi San Antonio avenue,
on the ground of desertion. Green Majors,
as attorney for George Hickman ot (Sher
man street, has entered suit against Fan
nie C. Hickman for divorce, on the ground
of desertion.
Gates Are Being Pnt On.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 9.— The gates
for the local trains have arrived and work
men are busy in the Oakland workshops
attaching them to tne cars. It is expected
that they will be in use before the end of
the month.
CRAZED BY JEALOUSY.
Terrible Sequel to an Illicit Love, a
Quarrel and Separation.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 9.— Crazed by
hatred and jealousy, William Johnson, 30
years of age, a resident of Chicago, yes
terday shot and fatally wounded Wil
liam Button, 25 years old, living at 43
Greenwich avenue, tired another shot at
Sutton's wife, 23 years old, seriously
wounded a Greek flower peddler, named
Bassileus Kenacas. 45 years old, and
finally, when run down and almost cap
tured by a policeman, shot himself through
the head, dying instantly.
Johnson and the woman were formerly
intimate friends in Chicago, and among a
number of presents which he gave her
was a gold watch. They finally quarreled,
and Mrs. Button came to New York.
Here, she says, she met her husband, and
went to live with him. Johnson met
them thif afternoon, and angrily de
manded from the woman the watch he
had given her. She refused, and the
shooting followed.
ELKS' ANNUAL REUNION.
Entertaining I-xcrcia** of the /Society in
Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 9.— More than
10,000 Elks are participating in the tenth
annual reunion of what is practically a re
united order and the actual thirty-second
Grand Lodge session of the benevolent
and protective order. The sessions of the
Grand Lodge opened yesterday and are
again in progress to-day. The city Is pro
fusely decorated, and so is the Kentucky
side of the river, while the electric lignt
and other street displays are elaborate.
The sessions are being held at the Grand
Opera-house, with William G. Myers of
Philadelphia, erand exalted ruler, pre
siding. The New York lod^e is the largest
one in the country. Although its mem
bership is but 750, it has since its organ
ization distributed nearly $250,000 in char
ity.
ELEGANT HOME
OF THE EBELLS,
First Woman's Clubhouse
Built in Alameda
County.
A SOCIAL INNOVATION.
Greek Design Has Been Strictly
Followed in Exterior and
Interior.
A MOST LUXURIOUS BALLEOOM
This Building Will B^ a Permanent
Social and Literary
Center.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 9. \
The beautiful Grecian home of the Ebell
Society will soon be a reality. It will be
the first woman's clubhouse in the city,
and will be a model of artistic work both
inside and out. The whole building will
be occupied by the ladies of the Ebell So
ciety and kindred organizations.
The new building is located at Thir
teenth and Harrison street? in the center
of the most aristocratic portion of the city.
New Home of the Ebell Society, Where Society and Literature Will Hold Sway.
Tbe Ebell Society will lease the wbole of
the building, and it will occupy a promi
nent place in the future social life of Oak*
land.
The building is of Grecian design both
inside and out. The lower Moor is laid off
into clubrooms and reception-rooms. The
Ebell library will also be on the first floor.
By an ingenious arrangement of the snace
and by the clever use of large sliding doors
tbe lower floor can be easily changed into an
auditorium. When this is done the > all
is in the form of a large Greek cross and
will be used for the lectures and meetings
of the society.
On the second floor will be a large ball
room and dressing-rooms and retiring
rooms for both ladies and gentlemen. The
ballroom will be 80x50 feet and will be the
largest floor in Oakland. At either end
the decorations are planned with colum
nal effect, so as to preserve the general
Grecian idea. The ballroom is to be fin
ished in ivory white and will be very
handsome. It will be the scene of many
very swell affairs in the future.
The need of such a building has long
been apparent to the literary ladies of Oak
land and the Ebell Society will concen
trate in their building all similar organi
zations. The large ballroom will be
available for use for private functions,
although subject to the control of the club.
Everything in the way of nttiugs will be
of the most ornate and classic character.
Walter J. Matthew), the architect, has
carefully followed the designs of tne ladies,
and the general verdict is that he has
planned a model ladies' clubhouse.
The Ebell Society is the most fashion
able and cultured in the city, and its
membership is rapidly increasing.
LOS ANGELES' CHAMPION
What Smith, Australian Pugilist,
Thinks of Heavy- Weight
Jeffries.
A Fighter Who Has Put Opponents to
Sleep With a Punch— That Great
Finish Contest.
Joe Choynski has taken his departure
for Howell Mountain where he will rusti
cate for a few weeks. While Joseph is
resting at ease in the light and balmy at
mosphere of the high altitude his oppo
nent, Peter Maher, will be speeding across
the plains in the direction of San Fran
cisco,
Manager Groom says that the battle will
take place at the Mechanics' Pavilion on
the evening of August 5. It will be a
ten-round bout and the purse is $6000 in
cash.
There are many good judges of pugilists
and pugilism in this City who are not a
bit backward in saying that Jeffries, the
Los Angeles heavy-weight pugiiist, can
whip Choyntki or Maher. Jeffries made
a vorv excellent impression upon the spec
tators who witnessed the last contest in
the Pavilion when he disposed of his op
ponent in such Ml easy manner.
Billy Smith, the Australian boxer who
trained Jeffries, does not hesitate to say
that the big aucl easy-going youngster
who hails from the orange groves will
assuredly be honored champion of the
world in a few years hence if nothing un
foreseen happens in the interim to spoil
his chances for high honors.
"Why, the people have not the re
motest idea of the righting abilities of
tnis big boy," said Smith, yesterday, while
conversing on matters pugilistic and the
championship. "When Iwu boxing with
Jeffries the fellow actually was afraid to
hit me a hard blow with his big right fist
until I assured him that I could stand a
pretty good punch. Jeffries smiled and
said: "Billy Ido not want to let go very
hard because I have put many a big,
huskey fellow to sleep, and if, t>erebance,
I should land on your neck or chin, you
will go down and dream like the others.'
"I answered, 'Go ahead Joe, I want to
see how hard you can hit,' and I must say
ri^ht now that I was the biggest fool on
eaith for advising him thusiy. Having
avoided half a dozen smashes, any of
which would have knocked me senseless,
Jeffries tinaliy landed his big right Bst on
my neck as I ducked to avoid it, and down
I went.
"I quickly concluded that I had had
enough of that sport, and in a laughing
wav I informed my big 210-pound op
ponent that he could hit a little bit, and
here tne bout ended.
"Some people are inclined to think that
Jeffries is slow, but I know better. Of
course be did not have to resort to any
fancy foot work to whip Dan Long, but
when he goea up against some of those
firecrackers or crackerjacks, or whatever
else you wish to call tuem, then you will
see how slow this fellow is. Just think of
it, thi6 boy Jeffries fights at 210 pounds in
condition, and he is not yet 20 years old.
"Is he game? Well, "I never hit him
hard enough to know. He did not seem
to mind my punches, and I can hit a
pretty good lie* yet. I have an idea, how
ever, that the first man who hits him hard
enough to hurt him will receive in ex
change a smash that he will have good
reason to remember for many days. 1
think Jeffries is a wonder, and I predict
that in one year from now all those would
be champions will be leaving rrhatever
pan of the country Jeffries may visit."
Young Mitchell, the chieftain of the Oc
cidental Club, says that the club- will give
another exhibition in the Pavilion next
month and that in all probability Jeffries
and JacK Davis will meet on this occasion.
Mitchell is now negotiating with a prom
inent Eastern pugilist with a view of
matching him against a very clever wel
terweight.
With few exceptions the sporting men
of this City never expect to hear of the
Sbarkey and Corbett right ever taking
place in this country. One noted sporting
man said that if the pugilists had agreed
to meet in a contest of twenty rounds —
provided a finish fight could not be
"pulled off" within a year from the time
of signing articles — the public would take
some consideration of the match, but as it
now stands the sporting fraternity look
upon the announcement of a finish fight
as being purely an advertising scheme.
HARES AND HOUNDS,
Pint - Class Dogs That Will Run at
Ingleaide Park on
Sunday.
On Sunday a grand day's coursing will
take place at Ingleside Park. Eddie Cana
van will be given a benefit on this day,
and as the pick of the coursing stock will
appear in the blips a large gathering of
leasbmen is expected. The drawing,
which took place last evening, resulted as
follows:
Cronan & McDonald's Lissak vs. D. Tolan*
Jack, M. Traynor's Valley Maid vs. J. Hannon'a
Marguerite, J. Quane's Captain Morse vs.
Cronin & McDonald's Best Trump, P. Kerrl
jran's Lady Logan vs. T. McHugh's Royal Stag,
Dillon & Reillv's Sunol vs. Villa kennel's Kiec
tric, H. Peritro's Longfellow VB.G.Buehn's Belle,
Roche, W. Perry's Gee. Whig vs. A. Merrill's
Ben Brush. Cronin & McDonald's Sky ball vs.
T. Nunan's Regent, Portal <& Haggerty's
Magnet vs. W. Perry's Coomassie. P.
Ryan's Molly Bawn v«. J. Murphy's
Red Light, J. Moran's Uncle Sam vs.
Cronin & McDonald's Reliance, D.
Tolan's Foreman vs. .8. Lenahan's Nellie C,
H. H. Devine's Go Jim vs. A. Merrell'n Tommy
Hall, M. Rodgers Sly Boy vs. P. Kerrigan's
Laurel Leaf. T. Ryan's Magpie vs. M. Traynor's
Climax, G. Wattson's Belmont vs. M. Traynor's
Whip Jr., Dillon & Reiily's BillNye vs. J.
Grace's Deceiver, M. W. Kerrigan's Lord Clif
ton vs. C. Evan's Dashaway. '..'■: , ■•
. Prizes— s2o, $14. $10; fourth and filth $5
each. ________________ ■■ :.:*
THE PRESIDIO BARRACKS.
M. McGowan and E. J. Lawton
Were the Fortunate Con
tractors.
The Difference Between Municipal
Management and That of
Uncle Sam.
Bids were opened yesUrday by Colonel
A. 8. Kimball, deputy quartermaster
general of the United States army, for the
construction of two large two-company
barracks at the Presidio
The lowest bids were as follows: M.
McGowan, for the construction of the two
buildings, $74,700, and for placing 272
lockers in them $1500, these two specifica
tions being taken conjointly. E. J. Law
ton, for plumbing of both buildings, $4250,
and for gaspiping tnerein $290.
The bids have been telegraphed to the
quartermaster - general at Washington
with the recommendation that the award
of contracts be telegraphed to-morrow to
the above-named bidders, the bidders be
ing responsible and their prices reason
able.
There were in all thirteen bidders. Mc-
Gowan is the contractor who constructed
the Palace Hotel, the Phelan building and
other large structures about town.
The work will be required to be com
menced on or belore August 1, 1896, and
muse oe completed at as early a date as
possible, not later than December 31, 1896.
The new brick structures will take the
place of the old wooden building now in
use aud will furnish accommodations to
four troops, either of cavalry or artillery.
The work covered by the specifications
consists of the construction of two-com
pany barrack buildings, the foundations
and underpinning to be of stone, footing
courses oi concrete, superstructure and
piers of brick, the roof of building and
dormers to be covered with slate and the
roof of the porch with tin.
All the stone will be obtained from the
Government quarry at Angel Island and
the brick work is specified as sound, well
burned brick of Ban Jose manufacture, or
brick equally as good.
The remainder of the specifications call
for the best material obtainable. The
buildings will be substantial and hand
some and similar in style to those recently
constructed on the reservation by the Gov
ernment. The accommodations for the
men will be equal to those of a first-class
hotel and contain all the modern improve
ments for health and comfort.
In reading over the specifications one is
strongly Impressed with the difference ex
isting between municipal management of
such an undertaking and the methods em
ployed by Uncle Warn. The contractor is
bound down in the minutest details— the
atone tilling, earth filling:, the thresholds
and coping-stones are all thought out
beforehand and directions are piven for
the proper way of carrying out the con
tract in every little detail.
There is no chance, should any contrac
tor be so inclined, for sharp work out at
the Presidio. On the other hand he lies
awake of nights praying that the result
of his utmost endeavors may Drove satis
factory to his exacting client. Nothing
has been overlooked, everything has been
provided for and the description and di
rection thereof printed in the technical
terms of the contractor's vocabulary.
> • 'JiMttr«e-?ir Di^t*'*? .i.-/i»M i« je<i()««ii.
SOUTHAMPTON, Esq., July 9.—
Chauncey M. Depew and party arrived
here to-day on the steamer St. Paul. They
left immediately for Henley.
Auction Sales
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
THIS day.
Friday.. ...........:.„. .... v July 10, 189 CL
: At 10 o'clock a. m. as Salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7tli and Bth.
WE WILL SKI. I,
An elegant line ot Furniture, Carpets. Bedding.
Office Furniture, Counters, Showcases, Stovei
. and Ranges. ■■ ■-•■,
CHAS. T.F.VY A f-0.. .AncHoneßiM
TO MAKE SAILORS
OF THE BOYS.
Captain W. L. Merry Sug
gests a School of
Navigation.
DIRECTORS DISLIKE IT.
It Would Require a Ship and
Altogether Be Very
Expensive.
THE UTILITY OF EDUCATION.
Present Financial Appropriations
Don't Sanction New and Costly
Experiments.
The latest improvement contemplated in
connection with the curriculum of the
public school system of education is a
class or a school in which boys may be
taught navigation. Tne idea was sug
gested a few days ago by W. L. Merry, the
secretary of the Chamber of Commerce,
who addressed a letter upon the topic to
Superintendent Madison Babcock.
Since San Francisco is one of the lead-
Ing seaport cities of the United States the
boys, in the opinion of Mr. Merry, should
be given a chance to learn how to box the
compass, reef a topsail and navigate a ship
or steamer across the briny deep. "There
nas not been any school of this class in
the City since the death of old Captain
McNevin some years ago, and," says Mr.
Merry, "why should not the State prepare
boys to go to sea as well as to train them
to become carpenters and machinists, etc.?
They do so in New York, Boston and other
seaport cities of the East, and I am una
ble to see why we should not adopt a sim
ilar policy in San Francisco."
The letter of Mr. Merry was sent by Su
perintendent Babcock to the State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, Samuel T.
Black, who in his answer says:
"I am quite sure that it would be perfectly
competent for the Board of Education to
establish such a school in connection with
cither one of your hiph schools or the Poly
techlc School, or if deemed best, it mi?;ht bo
maintained as a separate school. I call your
attention to section 6 of article 9 of the con
stitution of California, which states that the
public school system may include 'such tech
nical schools as may be established by the
Legislature or by municipal or district author
ity. 1
"Permit me to express the hope that your
Board of Education will give the suggestion
of W. L. Merry careful consideration."
The school sages freely admit that naviga
tion is a useful art and all that, but they say
there are many other equally useful arts and
the line must be drawn somewhere. The
finances, too, of the department are limited,
and it is a question not of what should be done
for the education of the rising generation, but
of what can be dene, and of the many studies
presenting themselves, which are the most ad
visable.
"Our system of public school education,"
said Director C. A. Murdock, chairman of the
classification committee, "is not Intended pri
marily to teach trades or to fit our boys and
girls to earn a living, but rather to eive them
an intellectual grounding, which will serve as
a basis for any pursuit they may follow after
leaving school."
"Navigation," said Director Comte Jr., "Is
unquestionably a good thing; so. for that mat»
ter, is all knowledge, bat the problem we must
study is the urgent needs of the School De
partment. I accordingly conclude that until
all of our schooihouses are put in a sound san
itary condition we cannot consistently con
sider the idea of establishing a school in navi
gation. Why. to do this we should need a
ship and a corps of special teachers, and the
expense would be considerable."
"We havtm't a bean tc spare," said Director
Knox, "consequently I don't see what would
justify us in introducing a new and expensive
study, no matter how useful it might be."
PETTIGREW IN PUMZE
Will Change the Complexion of the South
Dakota Legislature.
ABERDEEN, 8. D., July 9.— Senator
Pettigrew, who bolted the Republican
National Convention at St. Louis, cuts
considerable of a figure in the State Con
vention of that party. The Senator has
a strong personal following that has
always stood by him in his political cam
paigns. At the same time the State is
Republican by 14,000 majority and the
gold leaders are in control. There is no
question that the Senator will change the
complexion of the next Legislature, partic
ularly as a larce majority of the last Leg
islature was elected by pluralities ranging
from one to fifty.
FOUND YANDEANILV'S WEDDING.
The Hate Xot let fixed Because of the
Groom's Illness.
NEW TfORK, N. V., July 9.-No new
date has yet been fixed for the proposed
wedding of Miss Grace .Wilson and Cor
nelius Vanderoilt . Jr. The latter is still
confined to his room, and from the latest
reports it is not at all likely that he will bo
able to he about for at least a week. Miss
Wilson, has returned from Bay Shore and
is at the home of her . father, Richard T.
Wilson, 511 Fifth avenue. •
;-••■-•. ;.••;-. ." ■ ; — _,
I7»f*e JC'ln-r <»•« u v •• f.imr • ;,.»«,.f«,
BUFFALO. Sf. V., July 9.— A fire last
night, caused by the explosion of a lamp,
destroyed the three-story brick dwelling
hoase at 189 Elm street, near the corner of
Broadway, causing the death of two
women and an infant and seriously if not
fatally injuring one man. The dead are:
Mrs. Jennie Mills, Mrs. Moriana and Mag
gie King. The injured man is a Greek
peddler.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Movement* of Vtlmtin See* man.
NEW YORK- Arrived July 9— Stmr Halle, from
Bremen.
Sailed July 9—^'mr Xormannia. for Hamburg;
s.mr State of Califo-nia. for Glasgow.
i KM. ERII A VEN— Arrived out July Stmr
Spree. ' . ' . . ■
PORTSMOUTH— Arrived out July 9— Stmr Co
lombia.
BREMEN— out July 9— Stmr Bonn.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out July ' 9— Si mr Am
sterdam. . ■
GENOA— Sailed July 9— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm,
for New York. '*'^%^3WaBBMHWnM>ta
• LONDON -Sailed July 9— Stmr Mississippi, for
New York." . ■ '
/^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL«J|62SKEABNTNT. Established
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O2rt KKAItX V ST. Established
, in 1N54 for the treatment of I'ri vate
KLiJjj^TOy Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
TOM!flSfaB3» disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
ujgmM Skin Diseases. The doc tor cures when
JSSSGBEBs others fail. : Try him. Charges low.
ICnrracaarantrrd. Callorwrite.
Or. J. W. tiIBBON. Box 1957. 5au Francisco!
1314
TWENTY-MILE ROAD RACE
First Event at This Distance of
the Associated Cycling
Clubs.
Seven C übs Have Entered Teams of
Five Men Each— The Riders
and Officials.
The first annual twenty-mile road race
of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs will be beid next Sunday morning
across the bay. The start will be made on
the San Leandro road near the power
house of the Haywards electric road,
thence to San Leandro and twice around
the triangular course usually used for
road events, finishing near San Leandro,
where the annual twenty-five mile race
finishes.
The race wiJl start at 10 o'clock, and
should take about an hour and a half.
Seven clubs have entered the race, and
there will be eight if the Olympic Wheel
men put in a team, which they* expect to
do. Each team consists of five men, and
the team making the best average time
over the course wins the race. The entries
are as follows:
Imperial Cycling Club— W. Maack. A. E.
Bozio, J. J. Borree, A. Onion, I. R. Lind.
Bay City Wheelmen— C. A. Kraft, S. B. Vin
cent, B. C. Kaynaud. A. J. Menne, E.
Languetln.
Acme Club Wheelmen— H. W. Squires, E. W.
Decker, J. R. Kenna, P. M. Lefevre, C. H.
Staples. *
Santa Rosa Wheelmen— Henry Noonan,
BenJHinin Noonan, J. C. Near, Le Roy Smith,
J. C. Williamson.
Reliance Ciub Wheelmen— William Yeoman,
C. D. Bates Jr., C. D. Gooch, P. A. Deacon, Bert
Elford.
California Cycling Club— P. G. Alexander, C.
Birdsall, W. Dohrmann, A. Theisen, H. P.
Egeberg.
Alameda Cyclers— F. G. Thomas, C. A. Park,
A. C. Bullion, J. Burk. Henry Klempfer.
The officials who have been selected to
control the race are:
Referee— Harlow H. White.
Marshall— Robert C. Lennie.
Judges — E. B. Jerome, George F. Neece,
("buries Albert Adams, J. W. Ramage, R. L.
Radke, F. H. Kerrigan, C. Michener.
Timers —F. W. Sharp, George H. Strong,
George P. Wetmore, H. F. Wynne, H. D.
Hadenfeldt. H. A. Goddard, John Kitchen Jr.,
F. A. Wickersham.
Checkers— C. S. Myrick, H. H. Price, E. L.
Haller, George Shepston, W. M. Ramsey, George
Whitney.
Scorers— S. G. Scovern, John Burke, Thomas
Costrriff, James W. Coffroth, H. D. Clark, W. X
Griffith, J. F. Hancock, F. R. Butz, J. L.
Barrow.
The captain* of all the clubs which have
entered teams in the race and of several
other clubs have called runs to witness the
finish. There is considerable rivalry over
the event, though it is generally thought
that the Acme Club has the strongest
team and bhrrinfr accidents should win.
The Olympic Cyclers and Garden City
Cyclers will" have a joint run from San
Francisco to Centerville next Sunday,
taking the 9 a. m. broad-gauge boat and
stopping at San Leandro to witness the
road race.
Captain Pryor has called a run of the
Pacific Cycling Ciub for Sunday to Red
wood Canyon.
Charles Albert Adams, president of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen and Camera
Club Cyclists, has returned from a trip to
Lake County. John F. McGlynn, George
H. Stratton and Frank W. Fuller have
just left for the same locality. Alfred
Rhys of the Bay City Wheelmen left for
England Wednesday morning. Captain
C'aldweil, A. J. Menne and George P. Wet
more of the Bay Citys have returned
from La Honda.
H OTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Foster, Sacto Miss P L Foster, Sacto
J S Wll! lams &w, Cal F N Greeley, San Jose
M Sherer, Cal (apt Jackson&w.LosAng
X E Madrone, Vallejo J P (Cozier, Sacto
Mrs A Marter. San Jose Mrs J Atkln, >an Jose
T H Williams, Tulare G A Bacon. Sau Jose
W R Hayes, Nev Miss Neille Hayes, Nev
A E Taylor, Monterey S G Baker, Portland
A McPike, Stockton O Vac Dreyer. Or
E W Copuer. Portland A X Williamson. Portlnd
Mrs A H Meek, Portlnd Miss A Henry, Portland
R Brooth.Mass E W Risley <fe w, Fresno
L Mooney. Stockton A Solomon, Mont
N Wines <£ w, sta Barb Miss Holmes, St Helena
A D Cutts, Marysviile Aaron Smith, Los Ang
A C Kennedy, Ariz B QaOea, Ariz
X Smith <fe w. Oak-land J A Robinson, Hanford
J F. Bawllns, Hanford G Kahle, Mo
John Paln-er, Amador J Cavanach, Petaluma
T L Foster <fc w.1.0s Ang Mrs E F Earle, Los Ang
G E Stlckel, Angls Cmp C W Tryon, Anzls Camp
G Shalt *w, Los Ang C Aull. Folsom
E C Nelson, Chicago A C Griffith, sta Rosa
E Pennock, Pliila J Wlndmiller. Ariz
P H Graham, Willows NH de Valin.sau Rafaei
F L Van Fleet A fm.Sac J N Wood <S w. Stockton
J B Kelton. Chicago W Stembeck, Hollister
P A Buell, Stockton C J Jones, Stockton
W Bruce, Chicago J p Green, N V
LICK HOUSE.
J PattoD. Chi-aso Wm 8 Porter <fc f, Hanfd
J P Hayne3,Eureka.Nev J C Ball, WoodlaDd
P H Dawson, Cal R I Bentley. Srcramento
James Feeiy, «ed Bluff E O Miller, Visaila
Chas H Keyes, Pasadena S T Black, Sacramento
John Ballard, Cal Jos II Baruch, New York
G B McMillan &f, L A Peter Chiles, Boston
A M MI ne, Santa Rosa R E Stone <fc wf. Tomales
G S Morrell <fc w.Chicago W B Mcßrlde, San Jose
A D Starrs, San Joae Arnold White, Napa
H P Fox, Chicauo G Richards, Santa Clara
Sirs V Smith, Sic G L Bishop, Stockton
B V Sargent, salinns T J Lamont, Olympia
s\V Drake, Salt Lake E J Shlnardson <Jk wV V
Mrs A W Kandall N V Mrs H X Boves. England
WH B H Boyes, Eng Miss AE F Edwards, Eng
H Todd, Cal Matt Horm. Cal
R Linklat*r, Martinez J M Blair, Sacramento
Albert E snow. Chicago J P Meux, Fresno
F B Chandler. Elmira L Oliver Aw, Gilbert Ind
James F Peck. Merced R Gracer. Merced
Geo L Bishop, Stockton M:s n (Juries, Davisvll
B Reed, Davisvllle Mrs A Shake ton, Davisv
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
O X Ynmlato, san Jose J H R chards, Montana
D J spellman, Stockton M Raymond, beatile
Mrs V Swtlm, s a < io J w Slankanl A ly. Aril
F Wright, Stockton G C Siandish, La Porte
W A ' omntt, i T'« n J B Rossman, Or-gon
C A W-nshlp, lulare Jin A Kneeland A d, Cal
Mrs Murpwv. Porterville W Waiters, Fresno
W B Cook, New Yor'.c !> J Smith, Stccklon
G A Silln'.an. Pleasanton F Clnrk A w. New York
Mrs A Hose <fe fy. Wash J Hansen, Poriand Or
Mrs Becker, 1 ortland Miss A Becker, Portland
Miss Foote, Portland J a Musa, Oregon
C C smith, New berg, Or R McKenna, Portland
J J Jessnp* fy. Whittier H Cash. Whittier
F W Dewey, New York J B Fo er, New York
B (iilchrist, Fresno M Mnrphy, Seattle
j Brown Aw, VUalia W bantett, Poriand
W Tomklr.son, Arizona S T Hiilman, Oregon
Mrs J Johnson. Corning
PAL HOTEL.
O Scbllenberg, St Louis R P Ritbet, Victoria
J >tokes, New York H S Jla Utt, New York
F G Hume, LosGalos WII A! derm, US N
E Van MycK, Portland J Schieids, S;.okane
F Graves <fe sn, Spokane H C Beck. Portland
C L Biiiley. Toronto G T Tnckett, Canada
£ c k" a , nn ' Loudoa , ( - EFa nsworth, Seattle
R H Brinl:er, >cattle 51 B Auijus me Seattle
C Burnett. India o Canlbert <t w, /.oiville
Mifs C Gaulb»»rt, Louvlle B W Noyes, Kvereit
lt is -iaiiion, Coronado L Levis, Vlsalla
DT Davies, W.-«h J M «statoa Tacoma
C A Marrlroer, wul-ilanaF McCullongh, Los Gatos
H(i Stevenson, .Menlo Mrs tfOCnllouch Ls Ga's
FT Dwytr, Sacramento H 1 Holm; Japan
BALDWIN HOTEL
Mrs M Harney<fcs, Sacto Miss Harney. Sacto
A M Beecher. 0 8 N J J Urooru, Ulen Eilen
W U Lawlor Jr. San Q J s Purdo N V
J X i urlisle. Detroit J r Haacbeater Omaha
F P Mmschester, Omaha J Kimek. Stockton
CE Do in y. Lancaster G A Watiitrreeu &w,Denv
< <> W.-ber. s: Louis Mrs X (ir.-.vrs, s S ObisDO
M Iss D .M wraves,S S Obis A Barker A w. San Jose
E Reekie!, Ch Mrs X Delisle B C
E B bpangler, St Louis W M i.evine, N V
D M Moses, N V W II Krallton, Portland
J F Joseph. X T M rs J Hail, Oakla nd
W E Burgess, Chicago o li-iaut(,u, Baktrsfleld
NEW WESTERN UOTKI
F Lerchl, New York G D Fiske, Woodland
Miss Si.s^i N V H F Morris, Milwaukee
CRoss. Icatrai JConnell, Alratraz
G X Pate»-, S; 1-ouis G B McCleilan, saco
J Arnoid, Alcatraz J F liuu;er* wf. Conn
W H lyouie, cliicugo C Little.«:eld, Cjiicago
R H Waikcr, ! ortland T J Kearny, N V
O S Hamilton, (jneensld SC Boyd <t wf, Cal
P Kins. Ualaway, lr'lnd J Millees, San Jose
Miss B Burton. San Jose T F Davis, Sacto
J c Van i-.nian, N V C Maier. N V
o W\ Hie, Tory L Morton, Chicago
X T scott, Chicago
DIVIUEM) NOTICES.
IKS' DIVID-ND NOTICE— mI NKVADA
Sk—^ ' Bank of ban Francisco— Th» Board - of
Directors of this bank have declared a dividend
. (No. 17) for the quarter ending June 30. 1b96, at
the rate of six (6) percent per annum, payable on
and a., er July 16. Transfer-books <■ will . be closed
from the 10th lo the 15th Insu: both days Inclusive.
'■ e --"„••'■ , ' D. r. DAVIDSON, secretary.
. Pan Francisco, July 9. 1896. .. • . :
£» COLUMBUM SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
»**' ciety, 614 Wasblnstonttreeu .The directors
have declared the following semi-annual divid-nds:
4.82 cent per annum on term and 3.60 per cent
perani.Vm on ordinary deposi.s.-payaolte <. i md
after July 1. 1896, F. N. BKLGIiANO, ,-.... "
NOTICE OF MEETINGa.
OFFICERS AND MEMBERS
Br^ of Apollo Lodtje No. 3 23, I. O. €_2SjX=
O. F., and members of the order, are -^3*'^^'
invited to attend a meeting of the "••"" ;
lodge THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock.
Installation of officers. .";..- C. C. P(#-->T. N. G.
Holuxb Smith, R. 8. ___________
BE^S= MEETING CALIFORNIA STATE
Efr-— S' Floral society at Palace Hotel FRIDAY,
2 p m. Annual Sweet Pea Exhibition. ' Members
are hereby notified. . .E. J. WICK SON. Pre».
(T^S=AN.NUALMEEi ING IMPROV- <rvv_
iEZS' ed Order of Red Men's Hall Asso-^wiZ^_.
elation of san Francisco.— l he annual ; _i__S:
meeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's ' Hall Association of San Francisco j
will O" held on MONDAY EVENING, July 18,
1 896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association, |
3-0 Post st., for the election of a board of trustees I
or directors mid such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSKLYN, President.
William: J. Smith. Secretary. _________
itr3s= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
ifr-* 7 aunual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco and >an .Tooqtiln Valley Kail way
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany,' 321 Market st., san Francisco, Cat., on
TUESDAY, the Slat day of July, 1896, at the
hour uf 'I p. m., for the purpose 01 electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACK lE, Secretary.
mr%?> THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
_—^ stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for he election of directors for the en-
suing year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will be held a: the company's office, 229 Steven-
son sU, San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
day of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will close July 3, at sp. m. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
J. E. OREEX, Secretary.
special notices.
?^^~~PITEXrp^TI?R~^I : R^IL7NTr ; ?r %
GS^& r Salve cures all cases of blind, bleeding, Itch-
Ing, internal or protruding piles; price $1 per box.
For sale at 1628 ■ Devisadero su, also . at . .08 and
228 Brannan st. ■■;•-. : , . . :
Bfrg= DR. ALFRED W. PERRY HAS RE-
i*-" moved his office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones sts., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st. ;-••:
iFs= THE SECRETARY OF THE SAN
it^JS' Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives notice that the following; or-
phan and halt-orphan eirls and boys have been
admitted to this institution from January 1, 1896,
to July 1, 1896: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
E. Kelly, 12 yrs.; Maud A. B.oo;lwortb, 12 yrs.:
En ma G. Mans, 6 yrs.; Eveline Grlswold, 6 yrs.:
Lovlna M. Korb, 11 yrs.: LUlIe M. Robbins, 11
yrs.; Eva L. Robblns, 8% yrs.; Alice M. Bobbins.
8 yrs.; Mary Goetz, 9yr_; Mary J. Peterson/lO
yrs.: Bessie M. Peterson, 3 yrs; Marion Fi zser-
Bld, 11 yrs.; Sidney L. Newton, 7 yr3.; William A.
Scott, 10 yrs.; Harry Clements, 12V2 yrs.; Clyde
Clements, 11 yrs. ; Edwin Clements. 9 yrs.; Charles
E. Korb. 10 yrs.: George A. Korb, 8 yrs.; William
F. Korb, 7 yrs.: Philip Mahhas, 10 yrs.: M».iil
Marthas, 8 yrs.; John L. McGowan, 6 yrs.; Vllroy
H. Maas, B yrs.; William H. Maas. 3 yrs.: Robert
R Golden, 6 yrs.: Edwin W. Korb, 6 yrs.-. Frank-
lin J. Korb, 6 yrs. : John H. Korb, 12 yrs. : Samuel
D. Korb. 2 yrs. : Walter J. Murdock, 8 yi_; George
C. Bobbins, 6 yrs.: Richard H. Jirjens, 9 yrs.;
William L. Jirjens. 7 yrs.; George Jirjens, 6 yrs.:
Edward Goetz. 8 yrs.: Walter Goetz. 4 yrs. : James
F. Peterson, 5 yrs.: Roy Sobey, 4 vrs.; Gerald
Fitzgerald, 9 yr.«., and George Long, B*yra. ' n
|g^3f» NOTICE IS HEREBY. GIVKN THAT
B^-^ the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom sU,
Kan Francisco, Cal., has admitted - the . following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned clrls from
April 1 to July 1, 1896: Mary Margaret Lyons,
aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, aged 3 years; Maud
Maria York, aged 7 years; Hattie Kline, aged 12
years: Jessie Taylor, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged 6 years; Beulah Josephs, aged 4
years: Alice C Laulau, aged 2 years: Olga Maria
.Lundberir. aged 3 years.
JKgp ALL PERSONS HAVING SERVED AS
««*— 7 jurors iv criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18,230 Montgomery su
J. P. DA ME ... .-
R_^3*» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
Ir-*^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont?y su. room 6. TeL 6580..
9^W' DRS. iiOLsMAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
B«^* * moved to 370 Market st. : poor • reated free.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
R. HANSEN CO., 110 GEARY ST..
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: orompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
OMPETENT WAITRESS AND LAUNDRESS
desires situation: best city references. MISS
CULLEN, 3-3 Sntter st.
rr-O HOUSEWIVES— COLUMBIA EMPLOY-
X mem Agency. 128 Fourth St.. furnishes very
best help at short notice. Tel, black 353
REFINED YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN
i-Xi wishes home and kind treatment with respect-
able parties only; large wages no object; capable
of taking charse of little girl or boy and making its
clothes and teaching it the first rudiments If de-
sired, or would act as companion to Invalid; is
good reader aloud, good-natnred and gentle dispo-
sition. >Call at 5 Post court, off Post sU, nr. Larkin.
VV OMAN WITH A CHILD WOULD LIKK
' » position to do chamberwork and sewing; good
place more an object than wages; country pre-
erred If near school. Address 3355 Twenty-second.*
V. WOMAN LATELY FROM EAST; THOR-
onghly . understands * general housework; is
good cook, baker and laundress. Call 924 Wash-
ington St., near Powell.
VOUNO LADY DESIRES POSITION IN RE-
J. fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian; well educated: also good ' seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye.
\' ■ >UNG GERMAN -ORPHAN GIR 1.. 10
X years old, would like to take care of children
ana do housework ior board and lodging. Address
P., box 72, Call Office. *
YOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE TO WAIT
A at table ' and • upstairs ; work. ; Address or call
619 Natoma st.
L XFEF.IKNC.-D NURSE WISHES POSITION
J-» to do nursing and sewing. Address E. 8., box
63, Call Office. : : . '
VTUKSE-SITUATION WANTED BY ELDER-
XI ly lady to mind a baby; city or country; ref-
erence. Address .Nnrje, box 75. Call Office.
AyiLLING GKK3IAN GfRL WISHES TO DO
'» general housework. Write to LENA MILLER,
136 Flood aye., Sunny side, city.
S~ ITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
housekeeper in widower's family ; no objection
to 2 or 3 children. Call or address M. C, 1217
Mission st • .
WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
0 general housework in small family. P.ease
call at 12% Ross st. to-day.
WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION IN A PRI-
»» vate family, to do light housework; city or
country. T47 Howard st.
eliXblb .woman wishes to" do
I housekeeping in the country; understands
farm work. «. all 746 Mission st. ■ -
• MAN WITH A CHILD WAN 1 8 SITUA-
'» tloo; city or country; is good cook and can do
general housework. Call or address 221 Minna.
C COMPETENT COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
\J pr.vato family; would do general - housework
in small family. Call at 1911 McAllister su
RKSSMAKER AND SKAMsTBKSS, OOOD
fitter and draper, sews 50c a day. 1 G. F.. box
98, Call Office. ■•-... *
COMPETENT RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES
\J housework by the day: $1 per day and carfare
Address or call 1 303 Suiter st , near Larkln. |
OMAN DESIRES SITUATION To DO GEN-
»» eral housework, city or country. 905 a Powell.
A I " A N TO Do LIGHT HOUSE-
■»' work. Apply room 95, Donohoe Building.
SWi.DISH.GIKL WANTS SITIATION. AS
seamstress. Please call at 12% Russ St. to-day.
V'OUNG WOMAN. GOOD P. .A IN COOK,
i. wants work on ranch; would keep house for
gentleman. 777 Market su, room 5. ■■ ..
YOUNG DAN ISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION
J. to do .chamberwork, second work or hunt
housework. Address P. O. box 851, San Rafael.
\\OMAN DESIRES PLACE COOKING OR
»». chamberwork; sleep borne. Address 8. R.,
box 34, this office. . , .--■ . ;„
LDERLY. EDUCATED GERMAN OIKL
wants situation in good German family for fine
cooking. Address 421 Harrison si., near FlrsU
QEAMSTRESS~WISHEH A. SITUATION; , IS
O a good dressmaker; references. Address L. S.,
609 Jones ■
Ldkrly woman wants a PLACE to
do housework: is a good plain ■ cook and laun-
dress; city or country. Address C. . F., box 45.
Call office. * - . ■ ...... ■:-_■; ■
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK;
X good plain cook and wash: sleep home. Apply
909 Jackson st., bet. Powell and Mason ; lower flat.
GERMAN ■ GIRL "WHO SPEAKS FRJSNCH
\J would like to have a place for general house-
work and can do good sewing. Call or ad. 431 Pine.
OMAN WANTS WOKKI BY THE DAY;
''washing and (leaning: $1 a day and carfare.
Address W. C, box 74, < all office. •
V' OUNG GIRL WANTS TO DO GENERAL
X housework and cooking In a small family: can
give references. < D. J., box 146, this office. ; :
V OU NO FRENCH WOMAN WISHES SiTUA-
,., tion as a cook; German ! or French preferred.
3JISSDANIKN, 110 Sixth su, room 10. :
VOL'NG GIRL WISH SITUATION FOR
-1 general housework. ■ 3821 Twentieth . St., bet.
Shot well and Folsom.
rpRUSTW"oRfHY OIRL LATELY FROM IRE-
-i land wishes a situation to 00 general house-
work. Is strong and willing: fond of children. Call
at 1122 Harrison sU; no postals. - '.-, •'< > i..i ■:■■•
OMAN WAS S ■ washing- IRONING OR
" housecleaning, plain sewing, by the day. Ad-
dress W. W. P., box 165. Call Office. ■
V OU NO GERMAN WOM A N wants gen-
/i* 61 ? 1 - housework by the uay. Call or, address
415 O >arrell st. , . . .
0 PANIBH I_\DY JUST,, FROM GUATEMALA
k_J wants a housekeeper's position; speaks French
and German. Apply 121 Montgomery St., room 6.
OUNG LADY WISHKS A SITUATION FOX
J- upstairs work. ; Apply 174 Clementina st.
1 ) RESSMAKKR, FIRST-CLASS CUTTER AND
l> fitter, wishes position In | family as seamstress
and housemaid; no objection to the country ; Ad-
dress E. A., box 27, Call Office. . f . . v ,-- : '. 
Yl !M, WisHi-.s SITUATION TO DO
housework In respectable family.- -Apply 119
Fair Oaks, near Twenty-second, in rear; sleep home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
SITUATIONS : ? WANTEDT-Coiitinaea; *
OU N G LADY WANTS POSITION ;AS
I X clerk in bakery or confectionery store. Address
MLSB E. H., box bl, Call Office.
SITU AT lON WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
; Swedish .widow In a lodging-house or sfna!l
family or to work in a kitcheu; no objections to I
the country.* Please address for 3 days MRS. W. !
M. T. 1 box 96. Call Ofllce. .-,
SPANISH .WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
O . tion as housekeeper or any other light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkin st., room 3. -
pOMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J. with chlid. wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork orsewine; oily or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market sU. room 19.
\\< 1.M...h, k.i 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»t Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
C ■"RHANm- % coTi hT^eary^tTfurT
. nlsh r haymakers, tbreshlnc : crews, ! harvest
liards, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE :. RELIABLE
V- i:elp; lei. Main 1997. BRADLEY *(().. 640 Clay.
P C.».. C.JUKV .-..,-. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
J- . tranches ;shon notice. 14 Oar,-. ML Grant 43. .
/'HI N AND JAPAN EMPLOYMENT
\J office; test help. 4141/2 O*Farrell; teL K'4'_&'-
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30. -
BUTCHER WISHES A POSITION IN SHOP;
-U at present selling meat on commission; ha-t 30
customers. Address T. R., box 65. this office.
BA RBER— FIRST-CLASS YOUNG BARBER
wants steady position or help out Saturday.
Address 11. P., box 76, Call Office.
ENU IN EER WANTS SITUATION ; HAS HAD
XJ 6 years' experience running electric ma-
chinery; best of reference. Call or address Royal
House, 126 Ellis sU. room 154.
IM KRIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
J- will pay 8150 per month: price $4000. Apply
this office.
V'OUNG GERMAN BOY, 15 YEARS OLD,
-I. would like to work at anything: last time was
employed in furnishing store: will work for very
small wxges. Address 40 Belcher St., bet. Thir-
teenth and Fourteen! h. "• ■ • '
WEDISH YOUNG MAN WISHES SITUA-
tion in grocery business: has experience; or
any kind of work where he can make himself use-
ful; has experience as waiter. Address G. M.. box
24, Call Office. .,. .
VI AN,~i-OUNG, SINGLE. AS GARDENER:
11 X milk, etc.: can drive and care for horses if
necessary; thorough, competent' In all branches;
best of references. Address P. S., 134 Fourth, city.
PAINTER— PRACTICAL PAINTER AND
X paper-banger, strictly temperate, wants work
by day or job, city or country: will work cheap.
Address Painter, box 103, Call Office.
HANDY JAPANESE GARDEXER WANTS
situation to take care of horses and ! cow»: un-
derstands all kinds of men's work. Address
HARRY SCGUKAWA, 113 Church su
STRONG JAPANESE DRIVER WANTS SlT-
catlon to drive business wagon and take care
horses: understands packing all kinds of goods.
Address H. 8., box 113, Call Office. -
YOUNG MAN WISHING TO ATTEND UNI-
- X versity would like to hear of work by which be
can cover expenses. Address W. A., box 65. Call.
Vy AITER AN!) WIFE: FIRST-i'I.ASs COOK
. ''In all branches of cooking; also housework,
dairy and baking; city reference. box 70, Call.
GERM AN\"27 YEARS OF AGE, WOULD LIKE
VJ- to get position as . barkeeper. Address A. 8.,
box 79, Call Office. .---■; ■■:, ...
ft ERMAN BOY. 17. WANTS POSITION IN
VJ grocery, or work of any kind. Boy, box 74, ( all.
LACK.-MITH. HORSESHOE K AND WoOD-
worker wants situation. Ad. & S.. box 74, 1 ill.
OUNGMA ■> WISH r.S SITUATION: IS GOOD
X all round butcher. Address 2717 a Harrison sU
.\y ANTED —BY AN . ELDERLY MAN OF
'•good habits care of horses and cows: good gar-
dener; wages small. Address W. X, box 84, this
office.
YOUNG MAN OF 19, STEADY HABITS AND |
-I- willing to work, wants situation: beet refer-
ences. Address 1). 8., box 60, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN i
O and wife, with no children, on farm or ranch !
or in private family: best of references. Address :
H. BIiJSELL, 1807 Mission su
CIOACHMANOR STABLEMAN; THOROUGH-
) ly understands bis business; also garden and j
cows; willing about place: firsts-class references. '
Address NED, -258 Buena Vista aye., Alameda.
Cal. •■-.■.
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION TO Do"
housework ; and help cooking or wait on table.
Address T. H., box 71, this office.
GENERAL BLACKSMITH AND HORSE-
sh-er wishes a situation in city or country.
Apply 638 Clay st. - ■
N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Has em and San Francisco references
irom last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address <;. C, box 114. Call office. - -
YOUNG GERMAN. GOOD CARPENTER,
-1 cabinet-maker and general mechanic with
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st. ■
STEADY, INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN DE-
C 3 sires situation In store or office; thorough
knowledge of bookkeeping; first-class references.
Address G. 8., box 144, this office.
VOUNO MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
1 snort order cook: Is steady and reliable. Ad-
drej.s 3678 Twentieth s:., city. .
G~l OOD PAINTER WANTS WORK; WILL
iwor-forf^ per day or $23 per month and
found; city or country. P. W., box 76. Call Office.
CIHINESE WANTS PLACE; FIRST-CLAS-S
\J cook, houseworker and washer in family;
city or country. WONG HOON, 776 Clay st.
YOUNG AND ACTIVE SWISS WANTS A
A situation: is a good milker and driver: speaks
German and French. Apply C MULLER, Win-
chester House, Third s'.., room 80.
\\ ANTED— BY A YOUNG MAN, TO APPREN-
tice to a blacksmith: one year's experience-
good reference: town .or country. Address D. J .
box 137. Call Office. -.-■....
AsTERN BREAD-BAKER WANTS A SlT-
uatiun in first-class shop; any hand; city or
country. Call or address 201 Ash aye.
\y INCHKSTER " HOU.SB, 44 THIRD, NEAR
«» Market— Klectrlc lights in every room- 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
STEADY YOUNG MAN -WISHES SITUA-
tion, city or country: good driver, understands
horses; wages low. R. S.. box 102. Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'• Market— lights in every room- 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
-FINED WOMAN, WITH A "CHILD, AS
IV working lionsekeeper: 2 in family; $15. MI.SS
CULLEN, 323 Sntter st. " „ :
FRENCH SECOND GIRI.; $26. MISS CUL-
X LKN. 323 Slitter su . .
TIFFINED GIRL. OR. WOMAN AS COMPAN-
X\j ion and light work: $10; country. MISS
CULLEN, 3*3 tjuttersu
SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN, WITH A CHILD
$16. MISS CULLKN, 323 Butter st. . , ~ '
■piiEXCHCOoK. $25; FRENCH NURSE, $16
X sane lions-; 12 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25: 6 young uirls, assist. $10 to $16
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler su .
W~~ AITRK-s; $20; C AMBERMAID, $2(1
MISS CULLEN-. 323 Sutter si. Mnl "' *" v
Kf\ WAITRESSES FOR SPRINGS; WATER
'■"' and mountain resorts; country hotels;
$20 each. .MURRAY _ READY, Leading 1: m-
ployment Agents, 634 to 636 Clay su
c) waitresses same spring hotel $20
*J each and fare one way; chamb»rma!d and wait-
ress for Santa Cruz Mountains, $20; waitress for
Monterey Co " m y and other places. M V RRAY „
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 to 636
pOOK FOR BOARDERS. $15, FARE PAID-
\J ranch cooks, $25; chambermaids and wait-
resses, $20 each. MURRAY di Ri-.ADY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 to 636 Cay st. '
V*,* AN 1 ED-2 SECOND; GIRLS BOARDING-
" house, short distance, country, $20; chamber-
maid and waitress, country hotel, $20; younecirl
housework, small family, $16; nurse Kirlssio'
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. ■ W 'V" 1 .
RANCH i COOK. $30; GIRL FOR HOUSE"-
work, Cklab, $20; bouse girl for Berkeley
«20; second girl, near city. $16: housework -ir,V
city and country, $20 and $15; cook for ■ minine
town. 10 people, $20. C. R. UANSEN A CO., 110
Geary.
/ CHAMBERMAID AND ASSIST WAITING"
v^ seaside hotel. $20: waitress for Fresno, $20-
-waitress for springs, $20; waitress for res aurant
city. C. K. Ha.nskn _ CO., 110 Geary.
STARCH IRONER~FOR COUNTRY, STEAM
laundry. $30 and found. ; C. R. HANSEN "_
CO.. 110 Geary. . _^
W ANTED— SCANDINAVIAN SECONDGIRI"
f .fj $26: Protestant: laundress, $30; 2 waitresses,
private boarding-house. $20; j 3 waitresses, sprints
$25; Scandinavian girl, general housework, 2 In
family, $.5: 16 clrls for housework, $10 ;ind $" ) •
cooks, country, $30: Protestant nurse, $20. J v'
ChOSKTT «ft <-0.. 312 Sutter su e'° e ' » w - J - *•
T ADY IRnNER, $4 A WEEK: WAITRESS"
i-t »25 »nd room; ,10 house girts. ; $20; •1 5 house
jrirls, $16: 13 young glrli. assist, etc., $8, $10 and
$12 a month. . MARTIN'S Employment Agency
749 Market sU . • . ■ i --, '
WANTED— 2 t WAITRESSES , FOR . FIRST-
« » class resort." $25 a- mo th, fare • paid ; also a
woman to do plain laundry work, in same -hotel
$25, fare paid. Apply cariy.MlS-J PLI-NKETt'
424 Snt:ersu ■ \ ... : . : ... ... 7. ■;- "••*•
YOU NO CHAMBERMAID, COUNTRY c. hT>
l tel, 815: plain laundress. $20, and girls lor
housework. R. T. , WARD _ CO. - .-,
VOUNO GIRL (GERMAN PKKFEKKED) TO
X take care 2 children. MKS. BURSCH IN sky
Sutro Heights. ;,'■; .■ • ■ - , -• .1
2 GIRLS WANTED. 40« PACIFIC STREET.
GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILDREN, AS-"
r. slst In housework. ' Apply 204 Halght su
CU)MPa.TENT (.DM. FOR GENERAL HOUS&
work. 2215 Bush *
HELP . WANTEb-ConttnTiea.
\¥ ANTED— IRONERS AT PARI-lEN LAUN-
'' dry, .SW. co . Dolores and Twenty-ninth sts.
rpAILOKS ON CUSTOM . COATS; ALSO AP-
-i-pren. Ices. 1028 Market st., second floor, room 4.
. \\r AM'KD-uikl" TO ASSIST ;IN HOUSE-
■:''. work, i 883 Geary sU '
T kon TO-DAY AT laundry seven-
■*■ teenth and Folaom sts.; $2 per day. ■
\\T ANTED AT ONCE"— GERMAN GIRL: GEN-
■ eral housework: no washing. 259 Steven;ton.
\\r ANTED — EXPERIENCED COLL A OR
»' curT makers. EAGLESON A CO., 635 Mar-
ket su - - - : ■ - . . • - - . • -
L" 1 X IK X IT-; TAILORESS ON CUSTOM
XJ vests. 235 Natoma su. bet. Third and Fourth.
EFINED LADY.TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
bualnesg. Call 131 Post, room 21. .. ,
t_l AIKDRESSINO. 25c ANJ> Ksc: MOKM.Nii
■U- and eve classes: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
I_>KRFKCT KITTING AND STYLISH DKEBS-
-1 making taught, 95 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et, and skirt patterns ■ cut to order, 25c up. Mo
DOW ELL Academy.636 -Market, opp.Palacs Hotel.
T A DIES— FKKi:: FREE!~ LESSONS EVERY
*-> Tues.,2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
XT A I R-DKESSIXG; MANICURING lessons.
XJ. MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St. and 105 Ninth.
VI °* T CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
•Mm ester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $3
[■rwe-k: free 'bns and baggage .10 and from ferry.
- 'MALE U_LP WANTED.
54^ M f N W ANTED TO-DAY FROM *20 TO
t/iT» r f 95 P 6 ' month and found at MURRAY A
cue .-I S, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
000 lay st. -
90 PICKERS: PACKERS WORK IN
*-\j packing ana drying-houses, orchard end vine-
yard, etc., $20 per month and found; steady Job
for' 4 months. MURRAY _ READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. ,
1( ) LABORERS . TO SHOVEL .IN AND
in»\. around a :ar?e gold mine, $1 50 a day, steady
joo j ear round ; 6 four-horse teamsters for a mine,
*-6 per month; steady Job. Ml RH" \Y _ READY,
-.eauing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
9O' TE * AMsTERS V 2 HORSES, $160 A DAY;
7. * . rse $1 80 a day: for railroad work;
steady job." MURRAY* READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 63.- Clay st.
10 WOODCHOPPEKS (PINE WOOD) for a
fir • la , r^ e 5011 mlno company, $1 cord, company
furnishes tools; 20 tiemakers. 8j and 10c each;
maciisnmn for M sawmill, see boss here; blacksmith
and wife. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ISO LA^ ORK^L S AND TEAMSTERS, CITY
In. ki WO^ k> $1 75 a da J"' * 26 P er month and found,
no blankets wanted; s;ableman, city, $25 and
found. Ml KKAY * READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. y : -
i iS *T^ lO>: BOYS TO "*'OBK ON RANCH.
r_V-i and . found. MURRAY & READY,
Leaulng Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
(» FARMERS, $28 AND FOUND; STEAY JOB
it a v F * ul*' a " k:in ? company's ranch. MUR-
634\nd 686 Cla/.u^ 1^ Em P lo >' men ' *S™*>
20 RM i'" ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
--v/ bands, $0. S_6, $'_5 and $20- teams' er for
SI" 1 ? 8 ; MURRAY A READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents 634 and 636 Clay st.
[1**3221 a _C«EVV _ FORKER FOR A
. r '- n " 6 a month: and found; separa-
ILJ.^ £ I bol *? dfound: 5 men to. load header
wagons. $45 and found; 3 deader-wagon driv-
?_!:,,? =. and , fOUDd# MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
f) M ! , K I , Ki 1 $ '-' 5 ; 3 BUTTER-MAKERS. $25.
1 0 SSP^S 1 CI , rY AND COUNTRY, $30 TO
iiL $b 5 : 10 «-''^rs, $30, $J5,520,515; cook and
wife, small country hotel; 3 dishwashers. $15 and
20; 3 ranch cooks, $'.'0 and $.5; second cook,
city hotel, $3.-: cook, private family, $20: 2
£ _■ r^°? rter saloon, $15. MURRAY &
KbADY, Leading Employm't Ag'ts, 634-636 Clay.
IV" ANTED— 2 MINERS. $2 50 A DAY AND
''increase: edg rman, $50 and board; butter-
rnaker.no milking. $30 aid found; lurnace-man,
?.1o and found and increase; 2 lanndrymen for In-
stitution, steady job; a Eastern farmers. $20 and
found; 3 farmers, Humboidt County. $26 and
■ound; wlne-cellarmsn, $1 a day and "board: por-
ter country hotel, $20 and found; short-order cook
$25; German hotel cook, $30: waiters end others.
Apply to J. F. CROSKTT & CO., 628 ---Cramento.
I)A«TKY- COUK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $6&;
-1 cake-baker, city. $14 a week; head waiter,
country hotel, $40: German waiter for a resort,
$-0; German barber, for an institution; ranch
cook, country, $30: flannel-washer, country laun-
dry, $30: Ironer, country laundry, $25 to $30;
farmers, milkers, laborer?, choremen and. others. '
C. R. HANSON A CO., 110 Geary sU
\U ANTED— INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN,
' ' not over 26, of good appearance and sme
education, to learn professional nursing In hos-
pitals; small but increasing salary ; reference re-
quired; apply In person: no letters. W. D. EWER
<- CO., 62 a . lay st.
"ly ANTED— FO:: SUMMER RESORT. SHORT
'» distance from city, waiter. $26: porter, $20:
kitchen-hand, $25; call early. L. ANDRE, 315
Stock; on ■ . ... ..-»:.
/•ak;: BAKER, $17 a WEEK: HEAD'
V_ waiter, restaurant work: German waiter, »25
and room: cook. 335 and roim: dishwasher. $5 a
week. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st. '
COOK, *40; SECOND COOK. $20;
dishwasher. $15: 2 waiters, $26. Employ-
ment Office. 128 fourth su
\[A.V AND WIFE; COUNTRY: GOOD WAGES.
AL MISS CULLEN. 323 butter su
PRESSMAN-16 TO 20— WAGES $7 50 PER
week-cleanest office in town— best work only
permitted. Address, with references, Steady Job.
box 57, Call Office.
STENOGRAPHER AND TYPEWRITER OF '
0 experience under 20 years of age. . Apply be-
tween 2 and 6 to-day, 415 Montgomery su, room 1.
\\r ANTED— DISH WASHER;MUST BE QUICK
'» and clean: no night or Sunday wore; $6 a
week. Commercial Luncli-hou-e. 39 Market st.
PROSPECTING : . PARTNER WANTI-.D ;BY
young man: none bat experienced, intelligent
miner. Address Miner, box 78, Call.
ARTY WITH $50: GOOD SECURITY;
X money doubled : within thir.y days: position
guaranteed. Address Money, box 57, Call.
AIIBER FOX FRIDAY AFTERNOON AND
_ Saturday. 737 Market st.
BARBER :"SATURDAY~AND SUNDAY; WA-
ges. 11 Sixth St. - . "
ARBKt: FOR SATURDAY. CALL AT 8
o'clock at 688 Clay st., Bakers' Home. ... .
IMKBHR FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
■i-> at 1520 Seventh St., West Oakland. .■: .
/ 1 OOD BARBKR FOR SATURDAY AND SUN-
VJ day. 260 Third st. . . •••...;..-•. . - ,
V\ ANTED— IRIINERS AT PARISIAN LAUN-
" dry, sw. cor.. Dolores and Twenty-ninth sis.
PRINTER FOR JOB AND PRESS-WORK;
X $7 60 per week. . Klectrlc, box 5, this office.
VT ANTED— LJOOD, STOUT BOY TO LEARN
'' blacksmlthing. ■ 1219 Pierce st, . .
\ '-" 1 1 1 ' iO MAN FOR BAKESHOP; PREVIOUS
X experience necessary: $30. 2*5 Sixth sU -
WANTED— NEAT BOY FOR LAW OFFICE;
»' salary $2 per week.' Address L., box 9, Call.
BAKBER-SUOP WANTED IN COUNTRY
from $150 10 $200; must be fair paying shoi).
Address with full particulars to D. STOLTZ, 630
Market. . ' - ,
1?OR SALE— BARBER-SHOP, 16c., DOING
£ good business. 131 O'Farrell st.
ANTED- BY EXPERT ACCOUNTANT
several sets of * books to write up evenings;
also, lessons in bookkeeping given; •< terms mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C, oox 144;
Call i.ffice : -: . . . -
UNEMPLOYED MEN CAN OBTAIN STEADY
*i work by applying a: room 69, Columbia bldg.
L'KKfc. BKKR— 2 SCHOONERS FOR sc; ALSO
£ a bottle of lager or steam , 6c, at 637 Clay st.
YOUNG man TO TRAVEL; MUST HAVE
X $250 cash. Address Cash, box 71, Call Office.
FIR-T-CLASS ' CARRIAGE BTRIPER ON
Might and heavy wor_. Address box 95, this
office.
\"y ANTED-PARTNER WITH $150 TO OPEN
•' 25c restaurant; * $60 per month Guaranteed:
elegant location. GK- >. STEWART. 602 Market.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
-1-' 3d and 4th— Single lurnlshed rooms. night 16c to
fioc;week $1 to $2 50: reading-room: strictest atten-
lion to morning calls: clean: quiet; open all nighu
"ingle furnished ROOMS. _5c night,
$1 week. Rovidale Hons. . 821 Ellis.' nr. Taylor.
HALF. OF STORE FOX 3-CH AIR - BARBER-
shop; cheap rent. ' 913V_ Market st. '
\\r ANTED— THE UNITED STATES
' ' Marine Corps,' U. 'S. t navy, able-bodied, : un- ,
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years; ]
not less thin 5 feet 6 inches In height; of good
character and temperate > habits; able to read,
write and soeak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have. legally de-
clared their intentions 10 becom" citizens will be
accepted; ; this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new CiUlsers. For further Information apply at the
Recrul ing office. 20 Kills st., S«n Francisco, Cal. !
ALL MEAT ORDERS sc, WITH COFFEE, I
tea or milk. 635 Clay su^ ■
1 ( if) MEN TO ; TAKK LODGING- AT 100, 15c
XV \J and 20c a Dlght, Including ooflea and roils, '
tit Washington su. near K»arny. ' '. ' ; . ; >.- '
ES.-RE5i OVKD~FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
♦ C ay; bottle wine or beer with hotluncb, sc.
p RAND CLEARANCE SALK OF BOOTS AND
shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
$2 60, $4 to $1 50. $2 50 to $1 25: all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days In order to enlarge store and
put In new stock. 638 MarKet, opp. Palace Hole .
WINCHESTER HOUSE. HIRD ST., NEAR
Market ; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: frea bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
U' ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF.
'»i some • simple > thing ; to ■■ patent?. Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDEKBURN A >0.. Deri- * L, Paten: ■ Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, lor their 1800 prize offer
nnd Us*, of 200 Inventions wanted. ::, ,
\\ T E HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
. ' ', selling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 662 Mission st. •
TKY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
i- low Sixth, for a room; 25c » night; $1 a week.
HELP- WANTED— Continued.
]>ARBERS— FOR't EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
»-> retary Barber?' As^o.. 102 Seventh.' H.Bernard.
IJAKBERS-FOK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
J-J.. P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TKOELL, 657 Clay.
BAKBEKS' ASSOCIATION, Or' (Al. KMPLOV-
J> menu , fc-eCy»-p. C. Hamnnn. •_'.' 9 l ■. o'Farreli.
T ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 621 I'acifl .below Kearny.
,\ STHMA CUKE GUARANTEED; DX. tiOR-
. v din's Chocolate Emulsion.- 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
KST IN CM Y--SING' E ROOMS. 16. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, SI 50 s per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and LeidesdorS sts.
\\r r 4 AKB SHOE DOCTOR!?; WE REPAIR
" your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission aU, between First and Second sts.
BESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st., opp: Grand Otiera-
hou«e; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
OOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 600 TO $1 60
IX per week. Oriental, 225 Drnm'msU
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' ' to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 150
large rooms: 25c per nigh .: $1 to $3 per week.
CALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50-
-half-soleing 26c pp. - 959 Howard su. nr. Sixth.
j INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
» 1 sts.; single furnished ran 76c week, 16c night.
LCHO HOUSii, B63V_ MARKET ST.—
Kooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $g week.
W' ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers«fcclerks. KN OX Collection Agcy, 110 Sntter
WANTED -MEN TO LKARN BARBER
.'». trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. j S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY; $1
»'»ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a weeJc;
reading-room; dally papers, -6 Clay sU
A 1 MOFEE DMA NH ATT A N STOCK FOOD;
}*) all grocers keep lv
AGENTS WANTED.
■pMPIRE LIFE.
PURE LIFE—
—INSURANCE-
S—AT COST. .
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
GENTS, MALE AND FEMALE, TO SELL
Gress' patent long-handle dustpan. 9Vi>9ihst.
BOOMS WANTED.: : . ; ■..,,-■
2OR 3 UNFURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
— rooms for 2 young ladies; references exchanged.
R. R ■ box 57. <'-»ll Office.
BOARDING WANTED.
"yOUNG LADY EMPLOYED DURING THE
X- day desires a home in a private family where
there are young people: must be within 10 minutes
ofKearm-Bf. K. s., box 70. Call Office.
"V _ FKOPKKTY WANTED. ~~
17IOR • RENT -CHOICEST LOCATION IN'
/Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, eta; all beautifully
furnished; -to first-class tenant . long term. See-
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
~_ wan ted -miscellaneous.
/-IHEST CARPENt£r^T^>R~CABINETmXk"-
\J era' tools: must be good ana cheap. 23 Fifth sU
SECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenaes, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOU it BOOKS. CLOi'UINU AND JEW
elrv to A. Kl.i-.iX. K)9 Sixi.i «t.: t.exu\ postaL
LOST. ~
lost — SILKEN BETTER, W HITE AND
- cream color, from SU Mary's College, Mission
road; liberal reward if returned.
C»C REWARD-LOST, KIT OF RAZORS ON
«iP-» Eighteenth or Valencia sts. Apply 514
Eighteenth st , near Guerrero.
fIJJC REWARD— LOST: O<-LD LOCKET WITH
«ipU diamond setting: Initials C. A. on one side.
Return CHAKLEs KRKEN, care of Joshua Hen-
dy machine works, and receive reward. ,
LOST, JUNE 20, AT SAUSALITO, SCOTCH
terrier, name Jack: clipped from neck to tail;
bad on Alameda license tag:. Address E. L.
MERWIN, Larkspur; reward win be paid.
CAANARY-BIRD LOST IN NEIGHBORHOOD
/ of Powell and Pine rfts. ; liberal reward. 710
Powell su . ■ i- , .
I OST— MOCKING-BIRD ; BLIND IN ONE
eye; liberal rewar I. 30 Kfnniv. room 8.
MEDICAL. ~~~ "^~~
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and. diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved- method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. A - MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister st., next Hibcrnia Bank:
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2:
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. _,'•
ALl] CASES . OF IRREGULARITIES RK-
stored in » few hours; safe and sure relief
Fnaranteed; travelers helped ; without delay, pri-
vate home In confinement; regular . graduate
physician: SO years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle«, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
■ MKS. DR. WY-TH. 916 Post aU, near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
. ment or worthless pills used : every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from' what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sure call .on a
man's physician. DR. I'OPPER, 318 Kearny su
RS. GOODWIN. DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
claliy: unexcel ed In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home In confinement; best care:
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
-A • LPEAU'B~FREXCH PILLS_A~BOON~TO
xV ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger-
rate and sure: $2 60 impress C. O. D. don't delay
until 100 late. .. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland. Cal.
"INSTITUTE of PNEUMATOPATHV FOR
J. healing and Instructions: 2729 Jackson si,
.hours, 10 to 5: consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
aTrs. DR. WEUENEH TAKES LADIES BE^
lA fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats nil female complaint- or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su • .
SVRE CUKE FOR ALL female DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction " guaranteed, by
MRS. PR, (iWYtK, 226 Turk su ■
Cj-^nn FOR E VERY FAILURE TO CURE;
tiDUUV/ eye diseases successfully treated. . Ladies
con, free MRS, DR. SCOTT, specialist, 216 Powell.
DR. PENA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful trea-.ment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. ■ 7 Grant ay ■.
MR-". J. A. ACHaRD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 26 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
J-see PUKTZ and becontent. 264 Vi 4th.'
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT MRS
PR FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
DX. HALL, U MtAl.LlSlKil STKEKT, NiSAK
XJZ.low'*. ;.!"»*-■ , of Knn;c-i «--(1 children. '
. ■-■ -.-. UOKSES.. '
tr>Oß SALE— BLACK GELDING AND BLACK
filly; 4 years old each; broken single or double-
son Eclectic, brother to Ar on. 2-.07H4. 'New York
Stables, 507 Jessie st., near Sixth. . .- , ...
TV^arTSALE CHKA P^KIND AND GENTLE
r mare and buggy suitable for lady. 139 Valencia.
litOlt-ALK. YOUNG ll«»R«sE AND VERY
JJ wagon. 3250 Missii n st.
\4 ANTED— A HORSE NOT OVER 7 YEARS
.''.of age accustomed to worksingle; sound and
gentle: suitable tor express business; with or
without harness. Address 8.. dot 91. Call Office.
>UST ARRIVED-20 HORSES; FINE BUSI-
»J ness horse and buggy ; $85. 510 Van Ness.
HORSE AND WAGON. INQUIRE 1619
Powell su •
LKIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
of good harness, 'our i-wn make, of every de-
scription, Tor less money than you can buy tern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
1 - it SKIS .NEW AND SECOND HAND
.-LOU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission s;
£>(}() SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
U\J\J ness: all kinds: bnggy.wairoD, carts, surrey
iferockawav; 40 cheap, horses. 16th and Valencia.
~A(\ HOKBE.S,FOK SALK; i. ALSO WAGON* <
v V. buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wedne*
-ay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED: . SEN » FOR ; CIKCL-
'»r. Thr» » vrte Ranch.*6Wl commercial st. ■
VVAOONa iVJSD- CAItIiIAOES.
FOR SALE— 4 COVERED CARTS; -ALSO "4
good horses, used for delivery. 426 Valencia.
• IG HORSE AND KXPRKHS WAGON- FOR
>> sale cheap. 1128 Folsom st. ■ ' \ ■ ■ :;
IGht WAGON; ALMOST NEW; . CHEAP.
Call Coal Yard, 6 Board man pi. ■?"•.•. ... .
LOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES. FINK
1 carriages of f every d esc Iptlon; cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 16-48 Bih st., S. F.
SLUi Hi Li SOILED" DRIVING. GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINKMAN, 109 Sansome sU
ATiiW AND BKCON D-HAN D BAKiiRS 1 , LAUN-
xi • dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. * 828 Harrison sU ' . ■i- ■ j ~• -
TYPEWBIIiiKS. : _
■DEMINGTON, $35: hMITH.~S6O; SKNDPOR
XV sample work. SCOTT _ BANN AN,333Mntgmy
•'.-.'."'._J '_ BITSIJTESS^CHANCESj;
ffljl Of if) pabtne'r wanted in well-
UPi-Ol'v'. known-- express transfer company;
tits cream of trade in this' city: clears $SOO p?r
j month: proprietor owns his own property, barns,
I storages, etc.; has four fine teams running worth
I $S0UO; best business in this State, making sure
Income; established 10 years; will exchange for
country real estate: grand bargain. STENBERG
CO.. 632 Market st. '• . . - - ; -
(DjT^Tj CIGAR-STORE: PRINCIPAL THO-
tIPJLtJV/. roughfare; invoice the goods: con-
nected with large theater; rent only $15: sickness
only reason for selling. STENBERO CO., 632
Market st. J
<jfc 1 9f\H ROGER V OS PRINCIPAL
i v 'l-i)U, street: large s:oc_; cheap rent: liv-
Ins-rooms; clears $125 monthly: don't miss this
bargain; rare chance. STENBERO CO.. 632 Mar-
ket st.
ffljl nnn bakery NORTH OF MARKET;
tfrX\J\.l\J. baking three barrels dally; receipts
$250 a week; clears $: 50 a month; no opposition;
rare bargain. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market St. . -
<>] 9^ ( ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
Upl—iO. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12; invoice
goods: sickness. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OK BUY A HUBl-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
QjOKfl PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCHER
«JP_jtJU. business: ■ 3 horses, wagon, slaughter-
house: In country town; doing fine business; rare
chance for some one. T. LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
Q'jcn CIGAR-STORE; FINE LOCATION
tSiOOVJ. In the Mission; cheap rent; only rea-
son for selling other business: it will pay - you to
investigate this fine buy before the opportunity Is
lost. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Cjj/»'rv GROCERY AND BAB; FINE LOCA-
rJpUtJV/. tion; stock is actually worth more
money ; doling elegant business; cheap rent; reason
for selling this fine place is sickness; if you see
this place you will buy it.- T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hail ay, .
1?INE CIGAR-STORE: FURNISHED COM-
r plete; fine locality; only 50c a day rent; see at
once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. '.:-
©V^ft .Partner in saloon: object
tJJ?— O\J . for taking paitner. to run the business
more successfully. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
COXA CORNER SALOON, WITH MILK
<tir*JO\J. depot, clearing $125 per month; living-
rooms; low rent owner bought a dairy; a snap.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
S7^/v corner family liquor-store,
t *J\'. with club and 4 living-rooms, in West-
ern Addition; rent $60: doing large business-
WILKK A WOLF, 631 California st.
Qjcr;n SALOON with large patron-
<p("UVJ. age from Clay and Merchant sts. and
market hail; money-making place: low rent; bar-
gain. WILKE A WOLF. 631 California st.
Q7IIU BRANCH BAKERY, STATION KRY
«{D IVt '. aud coffee-parlor; kept by present
owner, a lady, 11 years: wants to re: Ire to private
life. WILKE «fc WOLF, 631 California St.
©f?nn SAL OON CLOSE TO G )ODALL A
*U)VJVtvr. Perkins' steamboat landing; good pay-
ing; low rent. WILKE, 631 California st.
(JjOCn RESTAURANT; NEAR BALDWIN
tJP^JtJVj. Hotel: must be sold; owner has two
places; a sacrifice. WILKE, 631 California st,
\\r E HAVE CASH BUYEUS FOR LODGING-
| '» houses (18 to 2o rooms). Market, inside Larkln;
must be bargain. UNDEKWOOD, 765 . Market st.
NDKRWOOD CAN bELL YOU LODGlNG-
houses from $250 to $8000: we have some
bargains; also restaurants, cigar stores,* saloons,
bakeries; buys and sells all kinds of business;
money to loan. USD 1- R WOOD, 765 Market st.
CjOXA RESTAURANT -AT TRANSFER
*T>'>i>VJ. point: excellent location: fine trade;
SI CO cash: balance pay.nents; trial given. UN-
DKRWOOn, 765 Market st. . :
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly? HEALY A CO.. 23 Kearny st.
PARTNER CORNER SALOON, STEADY
-I man...v...;.". .■.:...■..........."..■.;.•... $250
. Corner grocery and bar at, the Mi55i0n......... 750
1 Wood and coal, Western Addition ; bargain.. 250
Corner saloon, water front; owner sick... ." 500
, $175— Bakery, candy, etc, , at the Mission; liv-
ing-rooms: furniture included ■ For bargains apply
HEALY A CO.. 23 Kearny st.
IQ> ~fi BUSINESS CLEARING $2 A DAY;
tJPOVt. established trade. SKIFF & CO., 921
Market st. . -
<% *J( U] DELICACY BRANCH BAKERY
*)i)*J\J\.r. and candy store: 8 living rooms: rent,
$15; good business; reason for selling, going to
country. SKIFF <fc CO., 921 Market su
Qinn BRANCH BAKER V: CANDY; 4LI V-
*s)X\J\J. Ing-rooms. SKIFF & CO., 921 Market.
REDWOOD TIMBER, ~ ~ ~
FOR TIES OR A MILL.
Mendocino County, Hollow Tree Creek, covering
both banks for miles; 3000 acres controlling 6000
more: never touched by an ax; will cut 50 M
feet per acre; a first-class tract for railroad ties or
mill plant, being connected by wagon-road with
three landings on ocean: all down grade; perfect
title: stumpage $1 per M with proper security.
E. W. SKELTON, 410 Montgomery su. San
Francisco. - - ■
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TKRM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brick building-con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, Vi block N of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply to a SILVEKBERG, 320 San-
some st-. room 39." ■- ' - - r;; :--, ■
QOr.n PARTNER WANTED IN ONE OF
•tipOOV/. the nicest butcher-shops in the city;
elegantly fitted up: nice c»rt; doing business
I strictly cash, clearing $40 per week: need not be a
butcher, as owner thoroughly understands the
business and will teach incoming man the same;
don't fail to investigate this. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market sU ■ -
rpilE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terras; this house is the best
paying investment in Northern* California, aud
must be disposed of. on account of sick: ess. i for
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal. .
GjO^w CIGAR-STOKE, STATIONERY AND
O'-'— «'• laundry office; No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAR-
KETT, 1126 Market st.
iIJOJj BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LrVING-
tiPOV/. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day;
cigar stand. BARRETT, 1125 Market st,
<Bfion PARTNER WANTED: ACTIVE
<ipUUU. man. with above amount can. find a
splendid opportunity to engage in a lucrative busi-
ness which pays large profits; Investment secured
by buildings and stock in trade; one partner un-
able to attend to duty. Apply to H. COLEMaN,
918 Broadway, Oakland.
IF YOU ONLY HAVE A SMALL CAPITAL,
JL say from $300 to $1000, and will be satisfied
with a sure salary from $15 to $30 . per . week, ac-
cording to amount invested and a percentage over
and above salary; money Invested /well secured;
principals only address G. C, box 60. Call Office. jjj
ALIFOHNIA GOLD MINKS— CAN PLACtfA
\J few thousand in gold property that will pay
the investor 100 to 600 per cent profit; less than
$3000 and more than $15,000 nut considered.
HAS F. BLACKBURN, M. E. and Mining
Geologist, 230 Kearny St., room 12.
TfINE'STATIONERY BUSINESS FOR SALE,
£ with 2 .sunny living-rooms in back: in a good
location: rent reasonable: partner wishing to go
East to attend to other, business. Address W. B
box 70, Call Office.
QIOX PARTNER WANTED; GOJD BUSI-
-I- --<-»• ness; pays $5 a day to each partner:
must be honest and steady. Apply to-ilay, 1004
Market st.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business est. since 1869:. amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D. , box 137. Call Office.
rpo LET— A COAL YARD IN RUNNING OR-
der: best in < city; established 9 years; rented
or leased tor a term of years: 6 stalls, screens,
scale: rent $15 with water. , 1915 McAllister st.
© 1 9?in : FIRST CLASS GROCERY AND
I — .O\J . bar.well stocked, everything new;
line for man and wife; 6 rooms; large yard; good
lease: low rent. J. H.. box 03, Call Office.
F~OK SALE— BUTCH riK-BSHOP IN UUoU 1,,-
-cation: five mites from Oakland; only shop in
the place; owner wishes to retire. Address "Sell-
ing Out," box 1. Call Office, Oakland.
I ©"1 WILL BUY AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
j fipXO\J saloon, with 4 living-rooms; rent $15
I a month. .: Call cor. Treit aye. and Thirteenth st.,
I beu Folsom and Harrison, city. ::. .
AIRDRESSING, MANICURING AND ME D-
icated bath business in Oakland for sale or ex-
change for real -estate; bargain. Address Busi-
ness, box 82, Call Office. . . -
L'OUSALE— HARDWARE BUSINESS; FIFTY
-F miles from San Francisco; $-000 to $2600
stock. For particulars or interview address H. S."
i box 71, Call Office.
TJESTAUKANT FOR SALE-WELL ESTA&
-Lt lished ; the present owner ran it for 12 years-
good place for man and wife. App'.y 149 Seventh
St., near Howard. -
ARE CHANCE— SALE.A ROADHoI'SE
near Hay wards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
ior particulars, dress PROWBE A O'NEILL.
lay wards, Cal." ■ « '
ffl«7'S~ PA " WANTED IN EMPLOY^
«]P I «-'. Mi-nt office; rare chance: prefers partner
to hired hep. Call 128 Fourth s. . ■: .
TAILOR WANTED TO BUY A WELI. ES-
tabllshed shop in the 'country, having a fine
custom trade. Apply 457 -tevenson St.. near 6th.
GOOD RESTAURANT FOR SALE- GOOD
.trade; fine , living-rooms: owner going East-
most sell at once- offer wanted. O. W., box 76, Call.
(E. O CJ I INVI- STKTi EARNED: APKI , , UotT
p-'"' ' * 36 - : June . *374; 1595 aveiaged
$85 weekly : proofs free. F.DALY. 1293 Bdwy.N^"
* BAKER^.'- STATIONERY. ICECREAM
-,VL T OU * store-Must be sold account of sickness^
llving-rooms:o.d-establlshed bnslness.l4l4 El lis st!
L,iOK RKNT-LAKi.E BASEMENT SALOON^
r completely furnished for business: low rent'
Inquire room 62». Parrott building, 825 Market at
T> ESTAURANT-A < . OOD T H A dl^TbT
"'"O ' carhouses: own must sell on account of
sickness; will be sold very cheap. ; 3279 : Mission. ■
SfeHOO CONFECTIONERY BU s I NEs S-
A XKONENBKRG. 902 Broadway, Oak la nd.
A. JvKON E.\ BbKQ. 9q_ Broadway. Oakland. . . .»
S i ND IN ONE, OF BEST? MARKETS FOR
O sale cheap; doing good business: no exDerl-
ence required. v 415_Montgornery 8l room I. '
SALOOiN. TO LET; FIXTURES FoX SALE"
J See owner. 1003 Mission St.. npstalrs, room „
1' ADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
-U (German); $25 capitaL Room 2. 12 Mason 8 U
_'* _JBtrsiN_SS -^ CHANCES— Contlnped.^
_» 1 OH EXPRESS BUSINESS ; FOR SALE,
«JD±_jO. on account of sickness: good stand;
! clearing $80 month. Appiv 205 Larltln st.
| ©1 Z.f\ SALOON: FINEST LOCALITY; LOW
i »!js_.O\J.'rent; good piitrouaae; best reasons for
selling: at sacrifice. ,512 Pacific St., city. v
BLACKSMITH AND BUSI-
XJ ness for si^le very cheap: cause or sale, de-
parture, rnqulre at 127^ l>:.ngton st.
dL'OAU CANDY STORE, DOING A FINE
tJIOUU. business; rec.loti $6 to $8 per day;
guarantee. PROLL & CO., 719 Market.
BARGAIN- 6- ROOM HOUSES; RICHMOND
i D district: easy- terms; real estate or merchan-
I diie accepted.. -140'- Devlsadero st.
■nRUGSTORE— SIOOO WILL BUY a GOOD
XJ store, suitable for physician; invoice nearly
double. Address G.. box 40. CalL .".;
<£. -I f\f\ VERY CHEAP; SALOON AND 4
ijlilUU. rooms, rout $25; on account of sick-
, ness. Apply Can Office. ■'••■■
OR SALE-SALOON; SE. CORNER BAT-
! -T tery and Vallejo sis.: a great bargain; low rent;
living-rooms upstairs. '
HE ONLY MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
of 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHENHUSH. -
(m.)nA RESTAURANT: NEWLY FITTED;
£\)\J. fine location; good business; sickness
Apply 145 Fifth street.
VOR SALE CHEAP-CII Y-FRONT RESTAU-
X rant; straight lease; $5 per month; 4 rooms.
607 Davis su
•T7OR SALE, CHEAP— LOCKSMITH, MACHIN-
-T Ist and grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003
Mission st. _
OK ACRES— CHICKEN BANCH TO RENT;
£O stock will be sold at |1300. P. O. box 331,
Petaluma. ■
OR SALE-EXAMINER ROUTE IN CEN-
-1 ter of Oakland. F. HILL, 1148 Chester sU,
Oakland. : ' .-.
<l_l ~-*{\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT;
€M O\J suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post st.
G" HUD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 63- Market, room 2.
C9f\H SODA FOUNTAIN: GLASS HOLD-
<|D-.OU. era, etc.; $90. Apply 159 Second st.
PARTNER IN CHOPHOUSE: SMALL CAPI-
X tal; good chance; call early. 232 O'Farrell st.
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2 Call.
TiESTAURANT; SNAP THIS WEEK; JUST
XXi the place for man and wife. Call Office.
<2il QA(I SALOON; OPPOSITE CITY HAL.
»H)JLOUU. Address S-, 435 Thirteenth st.
ALOON: LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AF-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific sU
VOR SALE— FINE CORNER SALOON AND
-T restaurant; cor. Fell and Stanyan.
I7IOR SALE CHEAP— OLD ESTABLISHED
J? liquor store. Apply 1113 Howard.
/~i OOD-PAYING BUTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE.
\JT Inquire 500 Cortland aye.
ALOON— MUST BE SOLD; A BARGAIN. AP-
piy 735 Mission st.
OME BAKERY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office. ■-•■•'■■
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
I 1 -ROOM HOUSE, IN PAYMENTS... $150
1 1 12_ rooms on Market st $600
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200... $1800
60 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to $5000
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
aa(i(\f\ IS -LtGASTLY FURNISHED
yfiOUU. rooms; worth $1200. SKIFF A CO.,
921 Market st,
OUSE OF 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS;
suitable for lodging-house; 825. 544 sixth st.
LOi> GIN G-HO USES TO LET.
"VTEWLY AND ELEGANTLY' FURNISHED
-Li bay-window ' corner house -north of Mar-
ket st. at a bargain: part time; a sure money-
maker. UNDERWOOD, 765 Market st.
LODCINC.-HOUSE TO LET— VAN NESS
J-* aye., corner; 44 rooms; arranged for lodgings
or housekeeping.  .
AC ROOMS ;~GOOD PAYING HOUSE: $300
rxO cash, balance easy terms. 115 Second st.
FUiiNIT xt_ _oit V _E.
AT A BARGAIN, HANDSOME BOOKCASE
and desk, diniiig-table and chairs, two oak:
chamber sets, two hair mattresses, parlor furni-
ture, mantel bed, carpets, etc.; all new. 125
Grove st.
"LURE SALE! : ! " "
X I Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed 5et5...;... $18 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves ;;.- 7 60
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard '......... 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we . are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. . .
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOB.
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings. '' ,
A(\l\ CARPkTS: CHAMBER BETS, $14;
Zt\>\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20; folding-beds.
fin; bed- onnges. $7. T. O. MCCARTHY 11^-tih.
FUKSITCKE WANTED.
JSWANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE Fix"
X tnres of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye. , -.-, . . .
T C.MUTHER, AUCTIONEKR, 601 (ALI-
O . fornia st., corner Kearny, pays beat price for
furniture and merchandise.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' abc, Co., 1057 Market, pays cash.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PJKiCKd FOR FURNl-
tnre and merchandise see BURP. -11 Larktn.
BASCH. 321 BUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• tare, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel: Jessie 781.
CABPET CLEANING.
"ToS_lT""ca"Tc_k'p_T J - 'cLE^aNGTANXI
O renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING, 3&; LAYING, 3c. ; RUG
v.' samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratum, 19 Bth st.
"Treat western carpet-beatino
f works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay.
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
' » poor work send to SPAULDING'd Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama st. ; teL So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. _3j"
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON _CO Tenth- So.
Sooth 38. D. MACKINTOSH CO.. guccessoraT'
I K. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO 24a"
O . 14th .-cleaning 3c a yard. • Tel. Mission 74,
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REV"
O . ovatuip works. 453 Stevenson : tel. south 228.
MUSICAL INSTRDM_.NT».
SKfiO f^RSOnTgOO-TaTnEW; SOLD ON
<P<JU. $5 Installments. . -'21 Leavenuorth st
VINE CONCERT GRAND PIANO, ALSO
r baby grand; cheap. 71j Post st -»a*ovp
Ci IOH , FUU A GOOI> UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
«?IUU large Newhall up; $175 for fine new
n i O S . 769 Mark C e su yOU WaDt ***"»- --"
WE HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS
IT and organs ° makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at f-re^tly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
Instrument have been called in tlm »genw
throughout the coast. in whose hands they have
| remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure & bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
raentut?ve£ earnyaad *""" «*• Stelnway rep-
QLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OP
anoed in New ork : just the chance to buy a fina
fi^^^l^uiHAKHv S S^T.'^
piANuS HALF PKICE. ~ ~"
ADMISISTRATOR"? oirv
TO CLOSE, ESTATE CHAS I EATOV
„ „ MUST SEL.. .
i^ W »Trpnr S ! « COn , d " hand pianos at enormous reduo-
.ion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTR \CT PLAN
£_"nSTif i- 8 °! ° Ur BelllD * 80 ™ e Pianos for $.^
i month it is not necessary to co elsewhere tnrmnr.
i CLAY b _ CO"% aDd ™ lc « " SHERMAN?
| CLAY CO -. Stelnway representatives.
T ADY IN NEED OF CASH wrrr VAnor 1
J J flee her fine Standard uprightfor «25?t^S_
c^^l^m'Jl I £lood_buiid\, Fourth andkarkeu
VI AGNIFICENT" NEW UPRIGHT PIANO-"
M^^^yoi^or m toVay^
con pianos, 406 Sacramento D^^d^ntlTll
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. *™ucis_a-
I plANvjS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINFST
! ING SEE HAINE BROS ' BUSW
CM« »| KKIISO< KNAB «. STECK. VOHK, BTEfT
__^__^IJ^^, s blEl^^^K:
___^__^Mgl_^o^p?^
kj a. — .U LLEK. maker, repairer. . Latham Dlace\
HOTEL TO LEASE.'
best ad-class hotel in town. MADISON JtIiUKKKHOUSES TO LET.
TO LET^^Rol?M^"H^U^E7"iios^lSAVE!r-
X worth st ; rent, $12; key In grocery, California
an ■ Leaven worth ats. -
"PPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS 447 JESSIE ST..
bet. Fifth and Sixth. ■ -
OUSE-A MCE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN <fc HAMMuNIi, 10
Montgomery Bt. - ' - , ...
fI'ItMSHKU HOUSES. ~~
TO LET— ELEGANtTyIfURNISHED HOUSE
on Van Ness aye., near Grove su; « room* and
bath; tent very reasonable. WJL E. FISHER
A CO., 14 Post st.
T^> LET- A VERY DEKIItAELi- FUl£
X nishei house: 1 ctavia si., near Valiejo- fine
piano; 9 rooms an 1 ba.h. WILL K. FISHER A
« P.. 14 I'ostßU . . - - , .
'J\ *■ tlllA! TO l.tl',
$X pT~COTT 8 ROOMS. TS^PROS^
.O\J. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission. . - ' "
CJIA COTTAGE WITH STABLE AND
CU'. chicken-yard. Corner Minna and Julia
sts., bet. Seventh and Eighth s's. • .=- -
pOTTAGE, REAi: 0F~2939 MISSION ST.;
\J three rooms and stable; rent $8. - .-..■'*
/"IOTTAGK; BSUNNY ROOMS: YARD; BASE-
\) men : small family. 1230 Fol som. nr. Ninth.
FtKMSHUD FLATS.
U^VY^FllATT^V^Lir^uT^^
ciflc aye.. near Fillmore. 629 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
iTL^RT^^A^^MXRk^T^ELEG ANT
OU new upper fist; 7 rooms and bath; best
lighted house in the city. -
CT.I4) lower flat; i4i&^ over.
»Jsl — . O\J. rero st., near Twenty-sixth: 4 rooms
and bath. .
ATEW MODERN FLAT 5 ROOMS. BATH,
JLi yard, basement. 639 Minna st.: key at 627.
TTPPERFLAT; 3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS; $10.
U 844 McAllister st. :
Q.-I Q LOVKLY FLAT. 219 ELM AYE.,
«3T X O. near Golden Gate and Van Ness.
T"\ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
x) with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Goush; reut, in*
eluding water, $42 50.
ACill TWENTY-THIRD— LOWER FLAT:
i*' i i 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bath
large yard: sun all day; rent $14; wa er free.
VUT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN de HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery 1:.
"VICE FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS: GOoD
i-i order; for housekeeping; $10. 224*4 O'Far-
rell su
00 7 ELEGANT NEW MODERN SUNNY
*4?-L I • flats: 5 rooms, bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near . wenty-fourth st.
f;AX FELL— FLAT, 4 ROOMS; PAPERED;
O\JU bath; hot and cold water; yard: large base-
ment.
C BOWIE AYE., OFF ELEVENTH ST.— A
0 flat of 3 rooms: cheap rent.
<3{ If\ FLAT, 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 1110 J ES-
tjpXtr. 8 :e s;., bet. Herman an;i Ridley. !
1 R(\7 _fTEINER, NEAR BUTTER-LOWER
■*- < - ) " I flat, 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
k >(-»1 A SUTTER — NICE SUNNY FLAT;
—v- > X tt yard front aud rear: rent $15.
Q!~\l\ BAY-WINDOMf FLAT. 4 ROOMS; CK_-
QXVJ. lar. yard. 1059 V. Broadway, nr. Jones.
LOWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 6 LARGE
rooms. 30% Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh.
9ft^Q MARKET- N EW~FLAT ~6f"7 SUNNY
~*\JQyJ rooms and bath; cheap rent; $18.
1 7OK POST-3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X I \JyJ fiats; garden; bath SIR and $18.
C* I 7 FLAT 6 ROOMS AND HATH. 1027
<U> -L I . Post St., near Polk.
QjQ LOWER F'_AT; 5 KOOMS. 375 SAxV-
<lpt7. chez st., near Seventeenth.
TVTEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
J-> water free. 529 Ivy aye.
L'Lis.GANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH XT«, BE-
Xj low ilrvant. 5 ami 6 roorus. hath: $S to»I6.
IiOUSEKEEPINti KOOils.
Bryant Street. "
HI BRYANT, NEAR THIRD— NICE SUNNY
OX X suite, connected; reasonable.
Buchanan Street.
(i(\O BUCHANAN— SUNNY COR. BAY- WIN-
\J\J^-i do-; housekeeping complete : first floor: $6.
i-.ttUv Mree;.
Ql 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
0 1 • nicely furnished; splendid location: private
family.
Q1 C EDDY — 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
OXO fine location; private family : references.
_^.<id #»e:.\
ZOO ELLIS— 2, 3OR 4 UNFURNISHED SUN-
*>*JKj ny rooms; gas; running water. '
Eleventh Streeet.
9A "I ELEVENTH— SUNNY FRONT T7N-
—\J X furnished rooms, or upper part of house (4
rooms). .
.Fifth Street.
Ql/f FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
Oxrz keeping rooms, bath, private, $9 and $10.
DO r: FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUBE~-
OZ.O keeping rooms: 2, $10:3, $18: single, $5.
iiuw».-(i stree:.
IJf}~\ 1 HOWARD — BAY-WINDOW SUITE,
1 \J 1 2 with Kitchen; others: man and wire pre-
ferred.
1 A/^O HOWARD— FRONT AND BACK PAR-
X UUOlor: furnished for housekeeping.
1 ft( \fi Ho v ARD aT -i CoR - FOURTEENTH;
XQWU 8 or 4 sunny rooms. $8. .
Larkln' Street. .
qor> LARKIN— ELKGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
O--U keeping aptmts; Ist floor; gas ranges; bath.
A9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
■j «-'-' Kiinuy housekeeping rooms; also single. -
Qf\A LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
O\J 1 room and kitch9n, $9; large oack, $7.
Mason street.
8 MASON —NICELY FURNISHED SUITES
and single: from $2 60 up.
Minna street,
J'j MINNA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS, CO M-
n.O'i plete for housekeeping; also backrooms.
f\Afi MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
t)ID housekeeping; large yard. ~~, ■
... .(■Mon liJ ieti..
1 Q-MISSION— FRONT FURNISHED
i --X O housekeeping rooms; no children; gas;
Lath. -
Octavia Street. '
■I A(\<J OCTAVIA, COR. GE A RY-2OR 3 FUR-
.I'xUO nlshed or partly ; bay-windows; sunny.
Pearl Street.
O PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA-2
0 well furnished housekeeping rooms, $13.
Second Avenue.
991 SECOND AYE.. RICHMOND— TO LET,
----I. 2 or 3 elegantly furnished rooms for house-
keeping; all modern Improvements; rent reason-
able. • . .
seventh Street.
1 OH SEVENTH ST.-NICELY FURNISHED
XQ\J housekeeping rooms, en suite, $7 up.
Scott Street.
Ifi] A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 ROOMS; TJNFT7R- I
XUX 4 ± nished: gunny; bath: garden: call r. it.-.
Stockton Street.
900 STOCKTON, N.E.COR. GEARY, NR. EM-
ZiyJyJ porium— or 3 sunny, unfurnished bskpg.
butter Street. '
C I A SUTTKR - REAR; LOVELY SUITE
O -It: furnished housekeeping rooms, only $10.
1 «nr»l • ' ■an -
'I Q THIRD, COR. SOUTII PARK — FUR-
OxU nlsheU housekeeping rooms.
Twenty-fourth Street.
AC\ A XTWENT Y-FOU KTH st., near va-
Oil/l lencla— Bunny front room and kitchen;
connecting: $18. •
\ vVEt;KS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB I
- V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
BOOMa to LKT. ~ ~
California Street.
1 A*)R A CALIFORNIA — LOWER FLAT 2
J I-D furnished rooms, $6 and $9; references.
Clement Street. ;
OOp CLEMENT ST., COR. FIFTH AYE.,
• '— ' Richmond— 2 farnlshpd sunny rooms; suit-
able for dentist's office; drugstore underneath.
KUiljr street. .
/•Q9 EDDY— SUNNY PARLORS: ALSO SUN-
UO_- ny pleasant room una kitchen.
;:'_.yii» Sti-«ei.
THE RAMOX^, 130 ELLIS: MRS. : KATE S.l
1 ART. manager— A qmet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly iurnlshed: elevator; hot <t cola wa>r.
Q9 I ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOB .BEST
•">— I lodging we recommend the itosedale House.
_>»» KLLIH (THK PALMETTO). MRS A. J.
OZiZi CALHOLN, prop.— Flrsi-cIHM housekeep-
In;, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
. -. i-»l»i»th- .itreot.
QHERMAre'I APAKTMEAT HOUSE. ?R «TH
0 si. , near Market : furnished «nrt unriirnished. .
Fifteenth Street. ~
1 r^Q7 FIFTEENTII,. NR. HOWARD — TWO
X Oi) I sunny ■ unfurnished - room* for ' house-
keeping. : ./:-..•
ROOMS TO LET-Continued.
■ • Oei»ry *•' • . ■
OI 71 GEARY — LARGK FURNISHED OR
««lla unfurnished rooms. : Key at 217.
«/IOA GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Tuvrooms; single or suite: reasonable.
rpHK MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS:
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., sW. cor. Van Ness aye.
. Jones Streot.
Urr JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
I sunny rooms; private.
907 .'•'NE!*— ran.; \AX WINKLK. NK.W
— I' l management: elegant sonny suites ' and
.ingie: newly iurnlshed: bath, etc.; ttlu to«Sa
-- « m v >ire«i. '»
A RLINGTON BOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
■TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
\A J R HAVE ROOMS to RENT. CALL AT
" Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
' Leavenworih street."
7"1 I LEAVENWORTH— SUNNY PARLORS:
' XX' private bouse; gentlemen only: references.
JklurJi^r mmii
V OSEMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PKR
X night. 350 to $1; week, $1 50 to $5; families.
O'i urrell Street.
O1 Cl CFARRELL— SUNNY FURNISHED
010% room, suitable for 2 gentlemen; $8 a
month. . • ,
Post Street.
£OQ POST— DESIRABLE ROOMS IN PRI-
\J4uO vate family; reasonable.
I'owe.l Mreoi.
225 POWELL, COR. GEARY-2 LARGE
£A£i%J sunny front rooms.
Seventh Street.
m SEVENTH— SUITK OF HOUREKEEP-
ing rooms, rent $12; other rooms $1 per
week up. ■ *
sixth Street.
lOC SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY-
X^O nicely furnished single and double rooms.
tevenson Street.'
C -I Q STEVENSON, NEAR SIXTH - NICE
0 J O sunny furnished room; Geiman family.
tuner ■ . roe .
P. AfV BUTTER-SUNNY FRONT SUITE, FUR-
O\J\J Dished or unfurnished; also single, fur-
nished. .
Xl A SETTER — FOR DOCTORS OR DEN-
OX 1 tihts. elegantly furnished suite cheap.
7f)O SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANTLY
I yJO newly furnished sunny rooms; en sullo or
single.
79f« SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
I £d\J ny rooms for gentlemen; private. .
'Atiylor Street.
I (\Q TAYLOR— ROOMS, $1 25 PER
X\lO week; double, $2; double parlors; separate
beds. . .
IAQ TAYLOR — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
x~xu neatly furnished; hot water bath.
Thirteenth Street.
990 THIRTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
— — U Mission— Single furnished front room, $6.
Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL- FUR-
nlshedrooms. single or en suite: $8 and 116 up-
n^.^i',? 811 AND BEST IN AMERICA-THH
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
L nited States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
«ge free. *^
BOARDING ani> booms.
tTTTgeary— nicely furnisheiTfront
I -LV/ room with board: terms reasonable.
/COLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLEY. FOl?
V merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling ■ public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in bis new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and . boau. 123 to 129 Kddy st. ; meals 85c
THE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
HOTEL BERTLINU, 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references veil aud required: nil mod-
i'i convenlonrp*.
CHILDREN BOARDEI>. .
1 797 MCALLISTEK-A REFINEIT~IIOME
X I-_ I for child; fine care; terms moderate.
G~l ERMAN WIDOW. WILL BOARD TWO
r child $15 month. 139 Perry at.. 9to 10 1. it.
- STOKES TO LET.
■pUTCIIERSUOP FOR RENT; A SPLENDID
XJ locality: fixtures all complete: low rent. ad-
ply G. H. UMBSKN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STOKE COR. LAFAYETTK, 1524 HOWARD; I
with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
cheap renu ______"_
_^^^ OFFICES TO LET.
T ARGE LIGHT REAR OFFICE: LIGHT,
XJ beat, janitor included. 412 Montgomery su
9"! Sa POST — 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS,
-^XU with carpets, suitable for offices; first floor.
OPRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKKT-
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 60 up: electric-light:
I beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
, or G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
. TRUSTEES' BALES.
rrRU^TE^s w>^^~ s ~^~ %^^~ >^~^r~"
X in accordance with the terms and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust
duly executed by BARTOLOME de LUQUE
(83metimes ca'.led de LUGUE) and OATH-
ERINA' d« LUQUE (sometime* called dk {
LUGUE), his wife, parlies of the first part, to
1 HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
i KENT. Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
' of the third . part, dated June 7th, 1894, and re-
corded in the oilice of the County Recorder of the
County of Alameda, State of California, in Liber
506 of Deeds, at pages 309 and following: and In
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 14th day
of May, 1896, by tne Board of Directors of said
SAN Fi. AN Cisco SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,914),
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust. -nd requesting and directing Said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDKUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
j B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, tne 17th day of July, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Wm. J. Llngee, Nos. 460 and 462 Eighth
street, In the City of Oakland, County of Alameda,
Mate 01 California, we wilt sell at public auction,
to the Highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United Mates, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate in tho City of Alameda, County of Alameda,
Mate of California, described as follows, to wit:
commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Sherman street dls.ant thereon tuny-eight (48)
feel northerly from the northerly line of Buena
Vista avenue, and running thence northerly along
said line of Sherman street fifty-two (52) feet;
thence at right angles westerly one hundred (100)
feet; thence at right angles southerly fifty-two
(52) feet, and tbence at right angles easterly one
hundred (100) feet to the point of commerce-
menu
Being portion of lota numbers nine (9), ten (10),
eleven (II) and twelve (12) In Block E, as laid
1 down and delineated on tbe map entitled "Map of
144 Lots In Pa-.'e Tract, Alameda County," filed
February 25th, 1874. in the office Of the coun.y
llecordt-r.of Bald. County Of Alameda; together
with the appur.enances. -
Terms ok Balk — Cash in gold coin of the
' United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the nammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and If not so naid. unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of SAle at purchaser's expense. .' -■' v .
HKNRY C. CAMPBELL, I t-,,.,,,..
THAODEUS B. KENT, / *""te«s.
rpRUSTEES' SALE. ~
X In accordance with the law and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed by F. A. BROWN, party •of the !
first part, to HENRY' C. CAMPBELL and
THADOKUS B. KENT. Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the MAN Fh.ANOI.SCc»
SAVING* UNION, party of : the third part,
dated June : 23d, 1890, and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County of
Alameda, ate of California. In Liber 407 of Deeds,
at pages 189 and following: and la pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 7th day of May, 1896. by
the Hoard or Directors of said SAN Fit am CISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the ho der
of the note (No. 10,194), to secure pay me of
which the 'aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment or the principal sum mid other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and dlrec ing said IIhNRV C. OAMPBKI.L and
IHADDKUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
ness. - -.- ■'•-.! - - -■■ '- ' ■ •-'. r. :-;-. ■
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give no. ice that on ■
FRIDAY, the 17. day of July. A. D. 1896, at l-
o'clock noon of < that day, and ai the unction sales-
room of . William J. Dilutee, No. 460 - and 462
Eiebth street, . in - the City 01 Oakland, County of
Alameda, State of California) we will - sell at I pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of .he Un ted States, all the pieces or parcels
of laud, situate In, tne. Towns of Brooklyn,
County of Alameda, described as follows, to wit : ■■■>.
Lots: numbers twenty-one (vi) and twenty-two
(22), in 'block number two (2). as laid down and
do 1 eated on map. entitled "Map No.. 2 of the
Blasdel Tract East : Oakland Heights, Hesub-
divided June, 1890, W. F. Boardman, C E." filed
June 9 h, 1890, in the office of the County Re-
corder lof said county of Alameda, and to which
map and the ■ record • -hereof special reference Is
hereby i made . fcr • further .or more - panic v ar de-
scrip ion, together with the appurtenances.
Terms of -alk — 1 aoh vi gold coin of the United
States; ten percent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer: balance on delivery of
deed: and If not ho paid, unless for want of title
(ten d iys being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited < and : the sale 10 be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ;
•-.-■: HENRY C. CAM >-,_,..„-.
THADi>.EUtt B. KENT, JTnuteea.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
<vX ;____ PERSONATES.
"yOUNO GENTLEMAN. WOULD " LIKE TO
-I make the acquaintance of lady from 18 10 23;
object matrimony. Address O. C. box 8, Call.'
I^ALLI.NG HAIR, SCROFULA AND DIS-
X eased scalps cured by Quinonia; I sell It: best
hair-dressing In the city at my parlors for 25c;
switches equally ?ood. $1. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton su, store nearest Geary.
URE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin trouble-": ecz?ma re-
lieved; improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. U. box
2053. »an Fruncls.-o. Ca!. .
" A DVICfc FRKeT DIVORCE LAWS A SPK-
XV dally : private: no charge unless successful ; all
law salts, claims, collations wills, i)e»ds, etc. at-
tended to. G.W. HOWM.atty-at-law. 650 Market st
IGOUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON CHOW KVK-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bail-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
A TTHE VERY lowest EASY TKRMS you
•a* can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. :■ also
cress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at T M. ROTH*
CH UJPs. 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings.
LECIItIO LIGHTS IN VERY - ROOM | •
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
-00 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and - haggagg to and from the ferry.
Vfßs. THOMPSON, HAIRDRESSER AND
-"A manicure; • lessons given. 230 Kearny st.,
room 14.
\\f ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRIT PAIN, 20 Geary, Dr. Kearny.
MRS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;*
purm toilet articles. 1-6 Kearny st., room 47.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $16 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company ,lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Hi h.
lADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
->busine-s partner -.small capital. 122 Postst..,r.2
KAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; FINE
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchee.BSOMaritet
STYLISH MILLINERY AT REASONABLE
prices- MRS, 8. THOMAS, 114 Grant aye.
T^R- J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
XJ eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. A Kearny.
CtLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
I maunfrs' cost. Factory. 20 fransome. upstairs.
T IBEiiAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry. »tc. : lowest rates. 94* Market st.
SKTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
« drew r. removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
OLD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND .LADIES 1
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Sa. cor. Jemt».
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TKH
v WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
_ _ _ PREasSIAKEKS.
MRS. J. KOCH WISHES TO INFORM THE
ladies of her reopened dressmaking parlors,
1417 Mission St.: exact fit, best style and reason-
able prices guaranteed,
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 3i CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma St., above Sixth.
DREi-SMAKINO AND PLAIN SEWING
cheap. Address 2118 Mason st. -
■ EDUCATIONAL,. ~~
RS^ MELVlLLB'sNYl^RTTis^O^T^fr-
vocal music; piano; elocution; practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty ; vocal classes Monday, 8f,1l; $1 a month.
A TTEND SIIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
•TV st. The very best individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
AYRES'. THE LEADING 3HORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion in abortrmnd, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
1 ELAHCO'o LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
>> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage, R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 cbanical engineering, surveying, nrchitectnre-
assay: estab. '64. VAN NAILLEN, Mkt,
T^ LOCUTION. DRAMA. DELSARTF-. PHYSI-
XJ cal culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 H yde st. : call after Ip. m.
C GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO ' AND VOCAL
X l«ssons: $8 mo. MARY WKMTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
XJ Berkeley: special classes tor ihe universities.
"\l USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
iU- in singing; $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, bacjo. 1707 Mar
XriGIiTs>OHOOL;HEALD'bBUs.COLLKGE;24
-L> Posticommerclal. shorthand, English: low rates
OOKKPNO, WRITNG, ABITHMTC. GRAMR
XJ day<fen|jht:noola9ses:s3month. 845 Mission
JOSEPH GRAVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER, 82
*> Ninth st. ■ - . ■
CLAIItVOYANTS. ~~
UCCESS "'" ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE
O Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CArt-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will elve ad-
rice on Dnslness speculations. Insurance. love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; - settles lovers'
Quarrels, reunites tbe separated and causes a
I happy mnrria?o with the. one of your choice: he
I Incites mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends aud enemies, removes evil influenced,
cures bad habits, ' gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating 10 the future, thousands of
families lone separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions: Bend stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su
Hours from 9 10 9 dally and Sundays.
ITANA THE GYPSY. '■ ~~
This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate: she ad-
vises you on specula: ion, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* the separated
»nd causes speedy and happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9to 8 p.m. H Turk st.
WITCHES WERE. BURNED. BUT MME.
» I Btewert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife; the
Kreatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast: test ber powers ere she sails for Europe: she
guarantees to bring back lost love; makes peace
and happiness In the home. R. 3 and 4, 917 Market.
MME. TRUE, CELEBRATED* GYPSY, UN-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms 10 all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. : elevator.
M~MK. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, card-reader, born v.-lib a donole vellanTl
second sight: ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sitting* $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ETURNEI*, WORLD-RENOWNED MmTT
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 866 Mission.
\M MX. ARNIVr, BEST FORTUNE TELLER I.V
_*1 the world: 50c find (1. shows you the Dlctureot
your luture husband or wif». 4 Twelfth, cor. Market
RRIVED— MME. HANSON; READ HEAD
and palm; also cards; and tells past, present
and future. 148 Sixth St., room 5.
ME. RENNER, GREAT LIFE and PLAN-
i»A et reader; 25 and 60 cents. 1214 Larkin, near
Bush st. ;
\IMICRA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
ill business advice: names given; -5c up. 5 Fourth.
GYPSY LIFE-READER: LADIES 25c;
gents 60c: all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
MME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard st.
VI ME. LEG-KITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
J-'i future; 26c. 311 TeHama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 26
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
MMX. SYBILLE Tf.LLB FROM OKADLIfI TO
ih- crave: fee .5 cen's. 914 O'Farrell it.
SFIIUTUALIaiM. ■ • . ■
* VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. I). HOWE.
FEE $1 <£ UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! .
Why thai look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you •In trouble, mcV or "down 11 If so
read this and learn thnt lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this const In the tea years past, Is
•gain at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and . Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your 'whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the nick made strong : the
poor b- come rich; if you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 Imitate her m the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure mea.is! Her "ltevealea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment t>y malt it always most suc-
cessful and satlofac ory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 A UPWARD). FKK $1 * UPWARD!
SIRS. J>R. A. D. HOWE,'
1320 Market nu, odd. Seventh,
San Francisco.
rh. dr. W. MIRANDAS, ~
The world-renowned 'spiritual medium, still
continues to hold the- public's 1 attent on by her
wonderful . work. ' Thousands lihv« -been united,
married, made well anil enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. - .Your life described from cradle to
the grave. Her revealed median a work miracles
with the sick and - affllc:ed: letters with stamp
answered: diagnosis trom lock of hair: hours IU
to 8; closed Fridays: sittings $1. - - 1206 Market su
HEN V CBINDLK, MATERIALIZING
ance this evening, 'Jsc. ■ 8 o'clock. 1027 Market.
KOSHIP HALL, -326 MCALLISTER—
-T Ladles' aid card party to-night; 10c.
IBHOP GaHRISON, 1370 MARKET; SEAN,
cea Tuesday, Friday even's., 25c. ; 10 to 4 dally.
MRS. KATB HOSKIN^ .TRANCK AND BUsl-
i>l ■neas medium: sittings daily : »1. IXB <>;ik we
ASTKOLOGY.
~VI?rrU)L7wY"TND~S4i^
*»■ or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies res lore to perfect . health. 811 Hyde st.
10 to 3."— <W>— — Ba^— M-SWwa— BiMamM _i
BTOKAOJE. , : -._;""
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE*
proof building; advanoes made. 211 Larkin.
L^URNPrURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS! AD-
J vances", shipping. (. HAS. L..TAYLOK.2O4PogU'
AB- SMITH FURNITURE CO., 182 ELLIS;
. low rales; flre-proof building; Eastern plan,
BICYCLES.
JUST IMAGII^E^r^IO^GT{TDE''TSICYcTE
for $10 and upward. , 306 Post st. • ( ;,_ , -
0 ECOND-HAND STERLING Al'hXltrTlOS-
I O ally low rates and terms. 314 Post »t- _
I OECONDHAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
. O order: terms. ; cash or ; Installment: Crescent
! *25, Cleveland $80. Victor *40,'. Crawford $33,
Bet; nur tandem. DAVIS 81.05., 25 Geary si. ■
'96 YUSEMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW,
$IUO. W. CRANE, 324 Post st.
T WINFIKLDPKAHSON.2IBMc\LLISTER.'
O . Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
Gfv-NKW FALCON; HIGH GtiAtiE; $45 AND
! *JU $55 each; half price; few left- GEoRGE
j WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market «.vw""v
T.H)R SALE-'9« BAMB.'.K.:; WARWICK: IM-
-303 P L«r l 'iln8 <1 CliPPer WcyclBS ac ereatba galas.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO I.ET;
, X best ; accommodations. Terminus Geary Ho
AllUter and Powell bt. car Hues. - , .-  . :
, A-Oii SALK-MistiiLLAMiOtS.
OR SALE-^IM PORTED. SMOOTfiIcOATED
r St.' Bernard, $15; a. so thorouzhbred Great
Dane, $20. Address DR. SPIESS, 13U8 Howard.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE-2-H.P.: PERFECT
X order: a Adams prtg presses; power 516 Mission
THRESH JERSEY COW. APPI..Y 2220 BUENA
J Vista aye.: Alameda. .... .. ..
! rOB PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-
! £ liam M font's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye., East Oakland.
OOD CASH REGISTER. MAUUIRE, 130
Sansome St., room 9. .
NE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE- CHEAP.
Apply 2109 Larkin St., after 6 p. __
C\ OU N T KKS, bit K LV 1 NO, SHOWCASES
/ bought and sold. 1121 V Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
BARGAIN-^ TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES?
write for prices. Typewriter Ex.. 810 California.
| OILERS, AN 1) MACHINE It V,
J > waterplpes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beala.
, UILDINOSJ UOL'UHT; LUMiJER, SAshrJ
' doors, mantels, etc. fir sale. 1166 Mission. .
ONE .-MALI., MEDIUM AND LARUK SIZS
fire and bnrz'-=r proof safe. 1 09. ill Market 4:.
Turk" AND rglar saf«. LETTBIV
X 1 press, platform scales and desk;cbeap. 102 Clay.
T EVV KANUKd CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1\ hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co.. la California su
■- - '- : SEWINU MACHINES.
IN(JER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE, 1559
Market: rent *1 50 to $2 per mo.; repairing.
A KINDS BOUGHT. sold, EXCHANGED,
-:V. tented, repaired: lowest rat«_. uuo Fourth st.
: PKOPOSALS.
PROPOS ALS " TO" LIG HT THE PUBLIC
I streets— Clerk's office. Board of Supervisors,
San Francisco, July 6. 1896.
In accordance with Resolution No. 14,459 (third
series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session of
the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 13,
1896, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, to light with gas all
j tbe putlic streets of this city and county fora
1 period of two years, on «nd from August 1. 1896,
in accordance with the following specifications: f
Gas— The gas to be furnished to be of a standard
i quality and illuminating power of not leas than
I seventeen candles,' said illuminating power to be
I determined by tests made by the Gas Inspector In
I his office, who shall use for said tests such burners
I as will obtain from the gag the greatest amount of
light, and practicable for use by the consumer,
I and consuming at tbe rate of five cubic feet of gas
per hour. . ' ■ ■ :...■■
Lampposts and Lamps— The lampposts to be
used to be of the fame material and hot to be less
, in height than the lampposts now in use. and to be
erected and lighted at such locations as may be
i designated br the board.
The number of . lampposts to.be erected and
: maintained during the continuance of the contract
j to be not less than 6100, with the understanding
' that the number may be increased from time to
I time under the direction of the board, but not to
exceed 6800 in ail. The lampposts to be erected
I and maintained at >>r continuous to the present lo-
j cations of street lamps erected throughout the city
■ and county, and at such locations as may be A?* m-
ated by the board, the board to have the ri;ht to
; change the location of the same from time 10 time
1 upon payment of the actual cost of labor and mate-
! rial in making said changes or removals. When
I lamps are ordered to be erected In certain sections
of the city where no mains are laid then the mains
j shall be extended or arrangements made by which
I the lighting of said sections of the city shall be
effected, but in no event shall more "lights be
! erected than can be paid for out of the lund pro-
vided for street lighting during the fiscal year.
Lamps— The lamps to be similar to those now in
use, or i-uch as may be approved by the board. and
the burner to bo used In the lamps In lighting the
1 public streets to consist of a single turner of the
! same size now used in the main thoroughfares.
; The burners of the various lamps to average a
, : consumption of not less than live cubic feet per
hour. ' - ■ ■ •- -
The lampposts, lamps, service pipes, mains and
all appurtenances Incidental and necessary to com-
! plete and equip tbe lamps ready for lighting to be
furnished by the Rucce<sful bidden, who shall
erect, maintain and keep the same In proper con-
dition and repair. . -
Lighting lamps—The last lamp upon each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted on»: hour after sunset
audio be ex iugn shed hxlf an hour before sun-
■ rise; provided, thai during the months of Novem-
; ber to February, inclusive, In each year, no I nine
i shall be lighted during tbe night of full moon and
1 i the nigh^recedlng and the night following: also
: that during the months of March to October, In-
I c lusiva, in eacn year, no lamps shall be lighted dur-
! ing the night of full moon, two nights preceding
and the nlgnt following. ■ - . . •
Cleaning and repairing lamps— All tbe lamps to
be kept In proper condition and cleaned at least
, twice In each week, and at each of said cleanings
all the glass shall be thoroughly cleaned, both on
the Inside end outside of the .amp, mid all the dust
and dirt shall be brushed from the frames. The
; lamps are to be repaired and reglazed within
twenty-four hours after any portion of the same is
. broken.
! Street ns— The names of streets, places and
Alleys to be painted on the gas lamps throughout
1 the city and county at street crossings, main and
1 Bubitvislon street intersections, ana at the inter-
sections of places and alleys with the main streets;
. at main-street ciosslngs two names on each lamp,
i at Intersections of main streets not less than two
j names on each tamp,' at intersection subdivision
streets, places or all ys not less than two names
on -each lamp. . The letter, color, style
and location of - the names on the lamps
to. be approved, or designated by the Board
. of 11 r visors. The names of street, etc.,
on each lamp to be kept clean and in position
so as to be plainly visible, and within twenty-four
hours in case of breakage to be repaired and the
name or names repainted thereon, and In no event
are the 1 4 in pa to be turned so as 10 misplace the
names of the streets as indicated on each lamp.
Bidders will estimate and bid a price per lamp
per night, fcr which they will furnish, erect, re-
j pair and keep in good repair and condition all
1 lampposts, lamps, servic s, street sign* I and an-
| purtenances, furnish gas and light the lamps on
, all the streets, p aces and alleys according to I Him
foregoing specifications. , .
General Nolle*— Bidders will estimate with the
understanding that no compensation shall be al-
lowed for any lamp or lamps except mien as shall
be lighted during the whole time provided, In the
foregoing specifications under which a contract
may be awarded: also, that within three days
prior to the expiration of each month the Gas in-
spector shall turnish the parties to whom the con-
tract is awarded tbe time during which the lamps
shall be lighted and extinguished each and exery
night and morning of the succeeding mon: h. ' All
bills of the successful bidders upon the execution
of a contract and a periormance in compliance
therewith shall be presented and paid monthly at
the end of each calendar month. ...
No bids will be received from parties encaged In
the manufacture or supply of gas until said par-
ties nave connection with the apparatus ■in ■ the
office of the Gas inspector. New city Hall build-
ing, and have bad the illuminating power of said
fe'as tested. :. .■: ; •■
Bidders will be required to deposit with the clerk
of the "Board* of Supervisors a certified check.
drawn to the order of the clerk, to br approved by
(Hid cleric, upon some banK in the City and County
of San Francisco, in the sum of $ 0,0 ■ p 0 gold coin,
conditioned it ibe proposal is accepted and the
contract awarded; and if the bidder shall fuller
* nt gleet to execute a written contract therefor and
give a good and sufficient bond, with two sureties.
In the sum of $35,000, for the proper fulfillment of
gftld' contract, within ten clays after the award is
made, then and Iv that cane the said sum shall be
I paid Into the City and ' County 1 reasury by said
clerk, as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect. " ' • ' ' " * "- ■
it is also to be distinctly understood that the
board reserves the right to reject ail bids If the
public good so requires.
Also, thai the party or parties to whom a con-
tract Is awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of Hie contract, to pay the
cost of advertising this . notice in three dally
newspapers. ' ■ ; .
Blank proposals furnished by the clerk. ■■',
. . •-.. . JNO. A RUSSELL, Clerk.
•PROPOSALS FOR WHITENING AND TINT-
lug scboolhouses— Sealed proposals ' will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of. Common Schools
In open session ,of '.the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
23, 1898, M, 8:30 o'clock P. m.. tor whl enlng and
tinting the classrooms and halls of tbe fol owing-
named school bin dings in the city and county of
Han Francisco: 1 Broadway, Buena Vista, Cleve-
land, Clement; Cooper,; Columbia, Crocker. Den-
man, EJison. Emerson, Everett, Fairmonnt,
Franklin,- Fremont, tJarfleld, Girls' High, Gold)
Gate, HHigh , ' Hamilton, Hawthorne. - Hearst,
Henry Duranl, Horace Mann, Humboidt, Irving,
Johti-Hwett, Jefferson; : Lafayette, Le Conte.'La-
fruna Honda, Lincoln. Longfellow, Lowell High,
Madison. \ Marshall, Mission, Monroe, - Moulder,
Ocean House, Pacific Avenue, . Pacific ■ Heights,
Pc-body, Polytechnic. Redding, Richmond, Kin-
con, Sherman, South Cosmopolitan, Sheridan,
South Ban Francisco, Spring Valley, Stanford,
Starr King, Sutro, Washington, Webster West
End,* Whit icr and' V» Infield ; scott schools; all
work to if done in accordance ni.n specifications
on file at the storeroom of the School Department,
Corner Pine an 1 Larkin sts. Each bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
t h» -■ above-named ' buildings. Tbe board • reserves
tbe right to reject any or all bids as public
good may require. ' • • ■ . ■ ■■- . .
• : GEORGE BEANSTON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS-FOB' A STONE. BULKHEAD—
X sealed proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of Common Schools In otK'n session, of
the Board of Education, new City Hail, San Fran-
cisco, on Wednesday, «JnU-. 22, 1896, at 8:30
! o'clock p. it.: for constructing a stone I bulkhead at
tin? Lafayette Primary J School, in : the City • and
Coni.ty of San FrancUco, in | accordance with the
specifications (and the < conditions mentioned
therein) at the office of Charles li. Havens, archt-
tec. of the board, room 55, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market stree s. The board reserves
the right to . reject any or ail bids as the public
good may require "• -
ULORUE BEANBTON, Secretary.
. CTTY REAL ESTATE. ;
riHEAP LOTS. . . ' V " - :
y ■ . ■-. -■■ — — •..";;.. -j
Cheapest lot In the Mission; 21st St., nr.
Folsnm; 2^xlfO. : ■-• >
$650— SOth aye., nr. Point Lobos; 25t120.
- $5 o— Very obeap: north side of Point Lobos
aye., bet. 'J7thand 28th ayes.: 26x100. . ' •
. $5150— A genuine . bargain: Broadway, bet.
Franklin ana Cough ■. sts. ; lot 31x100; marine
view.
*1400-Iltb aye., nr. Point Lobos; 50x100..
$2260— Fine lot on north side of McAllister st.,
bet. Baker and Lyon; 25x137:6; easy terms.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
■ . 10 Montgomery st.
ARK LOTS. '■
, . $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
Lots In the block bounded by H and I streets,
9th and 10th avenues; faces the Park at 9th
avenue entrance. - .■ •- . -- . ;
- The : most desirable lots in the city at the
prices: all streets graded: side waits laid: every
lot level and on grade with street; water and gas
mains laid to property. .' - .
ONLY $750 UPWARD.
. 810 BARGAINS. GOOD INVESTMENTS.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
. .-■■.. r ' ■' ' .10 Montgomery st.
SNAPS ON EASY TERMS.
LOTS FOR HOME BUILDERS.
Location unsurpassed.
Lots $360 to $400.
Terms— s6 cash. $5 monthly.
Street, gradea, sewered and macadamized.
Water piped to every lot.
Take the Guerrero-st. " electric cars (Mission or
Valencia transfer at 14th), ride to Cbenery and
Castro sts , and see the Castro-su Addition. No
lots In the city so good for the price, either for in-
vestment or home site. v i>«»iMMiWfeMri
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
•-■-':■■ ■ ; ■■■ . ■ 10 Montgomery st.
ARKIN-ST FLATS --•■ ■■•-'' -■ ■ -.'. •■_ • -.•.-..-:
AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.
$7750— Rent, $67: 3 flats of 6, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x100. - rfiJifoi_i<lwi_)»,i_ir_«m
... BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
, 10 Montgomery st.
©f)7P\n MUST BE SOLD: GOLDEN GATE
tln^£ I O\J. aye., nr. Devlsadero st ; 25x137:6:
cost owner over $3000. ■
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
~ 10 Montgomery st. -
ANTED— BERKELKY Hi ME OF 8 ''R 9
rooms; value $5500 clear: exchange for gilt-
eds;e improved Western Addition property: price
$8000. I. C. SCHAKFF, 20 Montgomery St.
TTO! FOR FIICHBURQ!
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEAN DUO AND
UAYWARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
TH FIRST IMPORTANT STOP . EAST OF
FRUITVALE 18 THE PLACE. FAST- \-J
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON THE
PACIFIC COAST. ■■-'-
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
FITCHBURG STATION IN
FORTY-FIVB MINUTES. :. •
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
by the Fltchburg scorcher. Hay wards Electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
It you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in Fitch-
burg. - iVßgNQM*WSeHWlMtta4afc»riW a fl£*iMPFia(
Fltchburjz Is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements in the vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location; Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast sailing vessels . on
Oakland Harbor, and the excellent county roads
leading to It, are incompatible proofs. It is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
groves.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
- For a home while cheap: for speculation on a ris-
ing market; tor a tarn be firs' for investment now.
and hold on. No ci* • taxes to pay: no street im-
provements to make. Water supply from three
companies at your doors. Lots iv this beautiful
I town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
; can be bought for in many of the out-street tracts
off In an inaccessible huynVid.
Lots 26 and 50 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street. Double frontage. Terms: 10 per
cent cash: referred payments in easy Installments;
title perfect
W. F. McCLURE, 39 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. K. FITCH, FltchbUrg. i
'(2J/17C CASH BARGAIN: LOT 20x120; NR.
tIT" I O. Geary sU; street work dojie and ready
to build on. C. F. MOORE, Real Estate Owner,
935 Market St.. room 4.
<stl OR COBT 3 25; LOT 1099, UIFT MAP 8.
00. CHAS. C. FISH ER. 5J7 California St.
VI ISSION COTTAGES. : . -..;..■
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24tb st. and Potrero aye. ; all street work
finished : terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
. $21 00— Five-room cottage. -
800— Four-room collate. ,
Four-room cottacce.
HEAP— >UNNY NEW COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
V/ and bath: lot 25x114. : Apply 125 29th SU
IP-OB SALE; REAL ESTATE BY PACIFIC
Bank, for cash; parties seeking investments In
City or country property, will find I this a good op-
portunity for bargains. Apply at oitice, 530 Cal-
tornla si., S. F.
UIJST.VNTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMBS McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
<lfc 1 AH (l(\f\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
tID-LUU. UUU Oakland and country, life in-
surance, real estate In probate, small or large sums.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBKE A CU, 218-220
Montgomery st. - ■
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
lt a""punt a""tr , actTth c "g eiTof~*tiik
buy region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley. 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 60x200 leet, from $80 to
$200; small deposit; easy installments; send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. lI A Kill 220 Sansome San Francisco, Cal.
PKOFEItTk TO EXCHANGE.
c HO^^ LOTS— FROaTSSt) TO^s2o^ooo.^~
O\J\J 20 houses and lots, from &1250 t0.. 510,000
50 ranches, ail sizes, from $100 to 30,000
20 bouses. Oakland and Alameda, $1000 to 8.000
'_'."> lodging-houses and hotels, from f 200 to .3.000
WHAT lIAVn YOU 1 0 OFFER? : ;
I SELL AND EXCHANGE . — — ;
All kinds of property. : : —^— — i :
H. C DKCKKR. 1023 Market St., opprslte Fifth.
2STORHB, 7 - ROOM FLAT, XKW AND
*- (clear) In city; exchange for mortgaged prop-
erty In HayesValley. H.C.DECKKR.IO2O Market.
©kXA/I MORTGAGE, »2500: EXCHANGE
*2)*JO\J\J. equity for city, Oakland, Alameda
or Berkeley; 3* acres near Santa Kosa; 10 acres
orchard; • subs antial Improvements. I. C
SCHARI'F. 20 Montgomery st.
<C- 1 (X PER ACRE; WILL EXCHANGE FOR
tii I\J Improved • property and exchange 1 cash
difference; 595 acres tine timber land ;■ rive hours
from city; county road runs through property'
plenty water. LC, SHARFF. , "
rpo EXCHANGE— GOOD HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS-
-1 water free; worth $ 2fioo; $1000 mortgage, $460
paid on stock and mortgage Mission Loan Associa-
tion for unimproved lots; grocery or cigar-store
preferred or will sell for $500 casU. JAMES Mo
MAHON. 165Monltrieau ■
milE BEAUTIFUL EVERGREEN FARM 41*
1 miles from Napa, 131 acres, fine residence;
windmill and stable, hotel and blacksmith-shop in
exchange for cash or income property in San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. Address •■■ FRED HANSEN
Napa, Cat ■ . ..,.-" . . .-._, . -
If OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
X 1 erty. 60 acres near Ban Jose, Cat.; a/ 3 orchard
in bearing, V 3 bare land: cash value $21,000. Ad-
drees 14 L. 8.. box 11, Call Office.
1 A ACRE FRUIT RANCH, 8 MILES SOUTH
X\J of Santa Rosa: rich soil, 6 or 7 acres fruit ana
vines, full bearing; house, barn, etc.: will exchange
for city property. J., box 41, < all Office.
1 980 ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J _,OU water: tine for cattle-raisin*. N..bx.l6.CaU
DENTISTS. ~
pROOME DE NtXI ASSOcTaTI ON, 7V9"mAR^
\J ketsl.. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists:
only reliable agent for painless : extraction; artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from SI; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. — - .;■■■■■•■■■ -
Ti-IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X 1 prices; first-class results; ■ painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 6375. W. C. UAR-
DINf. CM.. M.D., 600 Suiter st., corner Powell.
I JR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET :, BT..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting wbei
plates are made; old ; plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given. . .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE 1
Leek den; is', discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20(>'Furrellst.
T\H. L. T. fRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS
XJ crown work, > brldce ; work and . teeth without
platen a specialty. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant trt,
<j*7 A >XT FOR TEETH: warranted as
O I good as can be made: fillin. $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. C3O Market St.." next Baldwin Th.-ater. -
AINLESS extraction. 60c; CROWN
X trldga work a specialty; plates, $5 op; IS rear i
experience. R. L. WALSH. D. U.S.. «15%4 Geary
-.. -it. iUCKETI, 1703. PO>T.hT., NEAR BU-
J/; cnanan; gas riven-; crown and brldgo wortt. j|
ULU f.s. »■ - l>*' •-1 hKI ii.- $7; 4 WARRANI'ifiD
X five y«ir» I'fl. V. C A VaLSK Y . 21 sisih «U".
ET OF TKKTH WlTHOti' 1-i.A'IK iUi. H.
O. YOUNG. 1841 PolK si. :.
/ 'OU'ON DENIAL ASSOCIATION. MUii AlAlt-
cket DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. .^
DR. J. J. LKEK, ISO* MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gat« avf>.— Open. •renlbgs:;Kna«lavs till noon.
y PHYSICIANS. :
BMOVBD-DB. U O'-ONtfELI, TO - 1-6-
Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
D bis museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment; ■
Ute worst cities treated eatisfacturiljr by mall. -
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.';
5; ACRES OR MORE ; [N J ROSS VALLEY. IM-
O proved: beautiful home; house of 10 rooms
with all the modern Improvements; near station:
abundance of running water the year round: fine
shade and fruit trees: well adapted for hotel or
resort.. Apply to JAMES TUNSTi AD, San
Rafael. Cal.
©QOPwfl FOR >alk. ON installments.
ir«-»*-cr'. new modern house in San itaf'el -8
rooms and bath: large lot: best location: street
accepted: atone sidewalk; also choice tots tor sale
or exchange for city property. H. WILKINSor '<
J. TLX>T,;ad, San Rafael. Cal. - - -
VI A RI "N COUN 1 : Y— 3000 ACRES* .6 MILES
irom city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta- i
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to. 975 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
■ «-st In the State; selling In tracts, 6 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre: adjoining lands held at * 100
per acre; Owner forced to sell; 1 1 a hours trm S. F. ;
easy trrms; title perfect. 67 chronicle building.
"I I'fTLE.HOMfc.S. CLOSE.TO TOW\, IM-
-I-* proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and JO years' credit." D. H. TWINO. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market s:., S. K. •
END FOll OUR- LI3 IV OF nRcHARIJ ilo.i|p.S
O 'or nai». Wii'wfl-:". ■(- W>MTTOS. ><»i !o«..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
_ OAKLAND BE AL ESTATE.
ffl{7X LOTS AND UPWARD— ALLENDALE
<IP • O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot- of Oakland grand
view and a choice site for . a home: streets graded
and macadamized and the lota are in shape to build
on; a fine school with si elect ie roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 clown, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Ninth St., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JON F.M. owner.
V.V^i , w*; WILL BUILD YOU a new 6-
<IP — room house, with all modern Im-
provements, in the Grove-st. Tract. Grove and
Russell sts., for $2250, or an 8-room . house ' for
92500; lot* 40zi25s small cash payment, balance
to Hnlt customer. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
(DjftXAfl 8-STORY HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS;
iip\J*J\J\i. all modern and. complete; lot 60x.
112; N. side of Twenty-third «., near Telegraph
aye.; easy terms-, ' street work all done. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broad
© Q7 f\(\ 2-STORY 8-ROOM HOUw».:,NKW
<DOIOU. and all modern; Just finished; N.
side of Twenty-third st., between Grove and Tele-
graph aye : lot 40-112;. easy terms; street work
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. ■
$;97?:a NEW 2-STOKY -HOUSE; all
•rp_j I OVJ. modern: 8 rooms; lot 35x165; near
Twenty-third st. and Telezraph aye.; eaay terms;
street work all done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way. . . , ■-.-.,.■.•■ -. '■■ -- -. ;
t2*Ol Z.(\ NKW AND ALL MODKKN TWO
*SpOLiJ\J. story house; 8. rooms: jnst com-
pleted; lot 8bxll2; on Twentyseventh st., bet.
Tele.raph and Grove: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadwa •.
<S?1 *)(\(\ NEW MODERN COTTAGK OF 5
'" -*■ —V/V/. rooms and bath;, high ba<ement: lot
83x100; Loxlvyave.. near Clinton: easy terms.
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
C* 1 1 ()(\ HOUSE 4 ROOMS: LOT 27 :6x37:
«D) llw. on Twenty-sixth St.. ■ near Market;
must be sold; this is a bargain; street work all
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broaaway.
dj»97^fV 6-ROOM COTTAGE: ALL MOD-
tiPim I UU. em; lot 32x105: Fourteenth St., near
a bargain: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OAKLAND — 1364 FRANKLIN; 1 OR 2
years; 14-room, sunny, full furnished house;
attractive grounds: 3 minutes' walk from narrow
gauge: $60: reference: call 10 to 5 p. M.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. ~
UftOF; UPPER PART PRIVATE HOUSE; 5
«3? —O. elegantly furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; fine piano; location Central. 537
Eighteenth street, Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS- AND boarding.
MARIPOSA -MRS. Emma H.'"'aDAM^
I*l Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single; also, first-class table board. 666
Eleventh su. near Jefferson, Oakland. (al.
1 .FOURTEENTH AND CAKTRO— TO LET?
a with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 CaHtro Ft.
OAKLAND rORMTURE FOR SALK.
V-KW BRUSSELS OAKPET, 49c YARD AT
Jl> H. SCHELI.HAAS', 108 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKD A KI.AL ESTATE. 7 ■
"yOUR TERMS ARE OURS.
CjQKflfi PRETTY COTTAGE: SIX ROOMS
«JP— O\J\J. and bath; close to Chestnut-st. sta-
tion, N. G.; lot 40x140.
©qnnn "andsomk new cottage: 6
tip O\>\J\J. rooms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion. N. G. _.
fl&OOfjA $25 CASH; f2O MONTHLY; 37:6
<$y'4t£-\J\r. frontage; handsome new colonial
cottage; 5 rooms and bath. .
a»97?\A *25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY: 37:6
tu. *- I O\J. xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage, rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Houses and stores to let frdrs $10 up.
ii ARCUSE cfc REMMEL, Contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-st. station, Aluiut-au, Cal. Tel. 2.
Office open Sundays ana holidays.
$,-,(\OA8fl: $30 PER MONTH; NEW 2-
*jpO\> story house of 7 rooms and alcove; all
modern. J. H. YOUNG, 1843 Park st.
,nOrt 9-ROOM, _-»TORY- HOUSE; ALL
wliJuUv. modern and just completed; lot 60x
150: located on Beuton st., near Santa Clara aye. •
easy terms: street work all done. A. H. BLOW'
1010 Broadway. '
fit t\f\ NEW TWO-STORY, EIGHT-ROOM
<IT4*\J*J\J. house: Jnst completed; all modern:
lot 30x125; easy terms; strcetwork ail done: tills
In a bargain; must bo sold at once. A. H. BLOW
1010 Broadway.
4 - ROOM COTTAGEr>SO~CASH7
«JJ)^UUU. $20 per month. -
A $2300 6-room cottage; $300 cash; 925 per
month.
. •-760-5-room cottage: $250 cash; $25 per
month. . -....- .. .
$snoO— 6-room house; $200 cash: $25 per month.
$4000— house; $800 cash; $25 per month.
All modern bouses 00 improved streets and con-
venient to trams; have also a few magnificent
houses at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD A CO..
1364 Park: st., Alameda.
<ft«rW>o BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
<tSP\J\J\J\J. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one clock west of - Park st.; it will surely please
yon: Investigate: terms to suit. O. B. M. GRAY
468 Ninth at.. Oakland.
iH.HKtLLV • KiiAL KsTATK.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy : terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 'Jl23 Center st., Berkeley. . •
TOaEPH J. MASON, KKaL ESTATK AND
0 Insuranre agent, Berkeley alatu. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY KOOBIS AND BOARDING.
A FEW STUDENTS CAN SECURE ROOM^
with board, In private family near university;
new house; .modern; furnace, etc; terms moder-
ate; by applying Immediately at 2329 Bancroft
way. near Chapel st. ■ ' -
~ ~~~. MO>ifilf 10 loan.
N y7aMOUNT ON BOND*! DIAMONDS,
watches, Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Insirun ents; interest low; private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
-M. Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. -Baldwin jewkluy
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings. ..
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKKATSS INTE.K-
-»st per month for each $1000; same rate *v>c-
ond mortgage or lite Insurance. • coin, box 3, Call .
ONEY LOANKIi ON JKWKLKV AND
i'l other valuables at the Security . Loan Ofilca.
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrancw 7 Tart
I \IRECT ON YOUK FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ do removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest." Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. 21> or &D MOKTUAUKt;
' xV estates, undivided interests, real estate In oro-
tat*. McCOLGAN. 24 Monttom»rr. room 3. , •_ .:, •
I bT A Ul) MOR'IXiAGEsi; I.NTEKKSTS IN E.-J-
-uites:iowe»t rates: no d«-Iav.MUKPHy,62BMrIt%
A UVA.MEsU.\JIIAMONUS,Jh\VKLKV, KtT ■
> * (Oiumh!:i I.OMI V «'oilnt»r_i n»ir». $ nwi; <~r*
PAWN 11 110 US. .
AT ; 12JI KEARNY ST.. ; ROOM .' 9— MONBT
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rate*: p.-;- ■
Tat> rooms, ■ elevator: pledges for sal j cheap. :■*/
MONEY WANTED.
VVA^T^D^TO^lßnßßO^V^^b^oT^^C^U^SD
■'. »" br stock of first-class business. Address H.,
box 92. Call ' fflce.
. ; ATTO i ■: M v-A1 - i . A . ; " ~~
:^A^'v U^E W F3[K^^DTvORcl^LA^
■t V aJty s private) 'do charge unless successful : all -
law salts, claims, collections, wilts, deeds, eta, at-
tended to. O. W. llow,£. att'y-al-law. 850 Market ■
T ■•-.. E. PHILLIPS-U. S. AND state COUKTS:
MJ. damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
estates: charges moderate. Offlce3 608 California.
T EUAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED; NOPUB-
llclty ; advice free, confidential. P.p. box 2182.'
< W.-KINO, ATTORNEY*AT-LAW. CHRON-
. lole old*; advice free;, moderate; open evngs. )
\V ;W.DAVIDSON.ATTORNEY-Al-LAW,42a :
1 T • California v, rooms Ii and 16: advice tree. 1
PK •FEK3IONAT, CARDS.
WILLS. DKEDS, ETC. L. SONTAG. ATTOIU
ii' y and Notary. 116 Market su ; residence, c
2126 Howard st.
OHN K. iIirHARDS, LAW OFFICES. R002K9
'1 -i and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER,
'J attvr a: law. rins 516.616. 5 b floor. Parrott bldg.
-THE iuU( KKoOKj.
Complaints filed: •-. • .
■R<?beccaF. In ram against William E. Ingram.
Clara Wes cott again*:, 0. H. Westcott.
Jea> ette S. Ross against Lewis M. Ross.
Dora Schiller a.-aiust Charles F. Schiller.
Choy Seen against Chic You.
billiib— JlAfeftlAii^— DtiAim
(Birth, marnacr* ani death notices sen?, hr m>U
will not be inserted. They must be handed In v.
either of the publication ollioos and be indorse 1
with tbe name and residence Of pe»ou» authoriaai
to have iuo »«uis> pu bllshed. I .
BORX.
BARLOW— 8. 1896, to the wife of Harry
Barlow, a son.
EA YRS-To the wife of George A. Eayrs, a son.
JENKINS— In thU city, July 4, 1898. to the wife
of Eugene Jenkins, a daughter.
LATIMKR— 7, 1896, to the wife of L. P. Lat-
ImiT, a sen.
LUHRS-Jaly 4, 1896, to the wife of Charles
Luhrs, a daughter.
SOMMER-July 9, 1896, to the wife of M. Som-
mer. a daughter.- . _
• J - HAURIED. - - - - _:
LENAHaN— MOCK— In San Rafael, by the Rev.
rather Hugh Lagan, John A. i.ciiahan and
Myr;le Cecelia Mock.
SMIRL— JERRKTT— In this City. July 7, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Diile, George W. Smirl
and Mary Jerrett, both of can Francisco.
6QUIERS— WELDON— In this city, July 8, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Georze W. Squlers
and Mary Weldon. both of San Francisco.
DIED. \~~~~
Aiberson, Louis Flanders. Roble C.
Beck, Bertha P. Uallegos. Rafael - --"-
Breslln, Margaret Gary, Charles
; Brogan, Sadie * Grace. Patrick
Brown, WU lam G. Joseph, Simon
Butler, Harold F. Kenny, Edward P.
Cadbo, Joseph ■ McCarthy, Frances
Cornea, Frank M. Mongelaz, Charles J.
Dauphin, Aims Nichols. Claude E.
Denvlr. Francis A. . Scott. Jane
Evers, William Smith, Mary
Fahy, Patricic H. Sullivan. Thomas
Wortsmith, Hannah
ASHERSON— In this city, July 9. 1898. Louis,
beloved son of Emll and Susanna Asherson, a
native of San Fraucisco, aged 23 year* 4 months
and 8 days.
BECK-In this city. July 9. 1890, Bertha Paulina,
beloved daughter of Andrew and Elizabeth Beok,
and sister of Lt_z.e, Charlie and Fred Beck, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 19 years i months
and 6 days.
BRESLIN-ln this city, July 8. 1896. Margaret,
beloved . wife of the late Daniel Breslin, 'and
mother of Daniel. Andrew F., John J. and
Charles H. Breslin. Airs. John Fleming and Mrs.
J. Boss, md sister of Charles and Rosie Porter
and Mrs. M. Me Bride, a native of Boston. Mass,
aged 63 years and 10 mouths. [Boston (Mass.)
papers please copy.] ■>, s
,; AT* Friends and acquaintances are rmpecv
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:80 o'clock a. ic., from her late
residence, 35 Morris avenue, off Harrison street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
1 Cemetery.
BROGAN(nee Stevens)— this city, July 8, 1896,
• Sadip, dearly beloved wife of George Brogan,
daughter of James and Sarah F. Stevens, and
sister of Mrs. James Broftan. James C. May,
Kittle and Lou Stevens, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aijed 20 years.
49**Frlends an 1 acquaintance! are resnas*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi
dence, 512 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
, celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. ix. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •
BROWN-In this city. July 8, 1896. William
Urandall, son of Archibald and Margaret Brown,
and father of Willie and Ida Brown and Mrs. H.
Sholl. a native of : New YorK, aged 46 years.
[San Diego papers please copy.J <
£ir Frlendi ami acquaintance! are resoeo*-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from his late
residence, & Cctavla street. Interment 1. O. O. k\
Cemetery. .
BU'l LKR-In this city, July 9,1896. Harold F.,
• dearly beloved son of P. F. and Minnie Butler,
a native of Eureka, Hnmboldt County, Cal., aged
5 months.
CADBO— In the Cltv ana Count* Hospital. July
9. 1898, Joseph Cadbo, aged 30 years.
CORRIEA-in this city, July 9.1896, Frank M..
beloved husband of the late Mary Corriea, and
father of John F. Corrlea and Mrs. Mary 8, Mar-
tin, a native of the Azores, aged 74 years. •.
DAUPHIN— In this city. July 8. 1896, Alme
Dauphin, a native or France, aged 35 years 4
months and 14 days.
DE.WIR-In this city. July 8, 1896. Francis A.,
youngest son of William and Catherine Denvlr,
a native of Ban * rancisco, aged 17 years and 4
days.
EVERS-In the City and County Hospital, July
9, 1896, William Evers, aged 64 years.
FAHY— In this city. July 8, 1896, Patrick Henry
. Fahy, brother of the late Thomas Fabv. a native
or Ireland, aged 53 years. --. ■
FLANDF.RS-ln this city, July 8, 1896, Robie
Collier Flanders, dearly beloved son of Nathan
and Louise Flanders, loving brother of Eugene,
Albert and Walter Flanders, and brother-in-law
of Mrs. A. C. : Flanders, a native of San Fran-
cisco, atted 29 years and 1 month.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. Sully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
( Friday*, at 2 o'clocic p. m.. from his late resi-
. dence, 1310 Jackson street, between Leaven-
worth and Hyde. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. ' ">
GALLEGOS— In Berkeley. Cal., July 8, 1896.
Rafael Gallegoa, Consul of Costa Rica, a native of
Costa Rica, aged 65 years.
GARY— In this cltv, July 8. 1898, Charles Gary,
a native of California, aaed 35 years.
GRACE— In this city, July 9, 1896, Patrick Grace,
a native of New York, aged 41 years.
JOSEPH— In this city, at the Hebrew Home for
Aged Disabled, Simon Joseph, a native of Prus-
sia, aged 71 years.
KENNY— In this city, July 8, 1896, Edward P.,
• beloved son Of P. H. Kenny, and brother of Jottn
C. Kenny and Katie ; Matthews, a native of
Hartford, Conn., cged 33 years.. ;
Friends : and acquaintance* ar-> r<>*t>»»'.-
fully Invited to attend the fuuerai TO-MORROW,
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock a.m.. from tne. par-
lors of Carew & English, 19 Van Nest avenue,
near Market street, thence to the French Church,
Bush street, between Dupont and Stockton,
where a solemn requiem mass will be Celeorated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:3 )
o'clock a. ii. Interment Mount. Calvary Ceme-
tery. ! :•■ ■ V ; ■ ■'■ - •-;•■
MCCARTHY— In this city July 8, 1896. Frances,
beloved daughter of. Thomas and Gussie Mc-
Carthy, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 28 days. ;■-.,' i-i-> •-. ■' ■ ■'* ; ■ ;*■
a Friends and acquaintance* are respec- *
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1310 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MONO EL A Z— ln Oakland. July -8. 1896, Charles
Joseph, beloved husband of Mrs. Josephine Mon-
gelaz. a native of Savoy, France, aged 72 years.
Friends 'and acquaintances are res Dec- -
fully invited to attend tbe funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Leltch A Carrtgan. corner Eighth street
- and . Broadway, thence -to Lorlng : Hail, : 031
Eleventh street. Interment G. A. x. plat.
Mountain View Cemetery, v, , . .
NICHOLS— In this city. July 9, 1896, Claud© E.,
beloved son of Frank 11. and Agnes M. Nichols,
anil bro her of Mervin and Clyde H. Nichols, a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 months and 9
■ days.
SCOTT— In this city, July 8. 1896, Jane Scott,
beloved mother of Mrs. William Willis, a native
of New York City. [New York papers please
copy.j- • -
. i»-Friends are repectfalty invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Saturday), at
at 2 o'clock p. v.. at the residence of her daugh-
ter, IS 40 California street. interment private.
Friends will kindly omit flowers. < * -
BMITH-In this city. July 8, 1896. Mary, widow
of the late Charles F. Smith, and beloved mother
of Klttie E. smith, and aunt of Mrs. Julia Gull-
lernarte a native of Ireland, aged 58 years. v -
K~3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1141 Polk street, thence to ' St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brate 1 for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock a. m. ln:era.en; Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In' this city, July 8. 1896, Thomas,
■ beloved husband of Johanna tiullivan and father
of Annie Sullivan, a native of the parish of
Durrus, County Cork,' Ireland, aeed 59 years. ■
■ jJsT Friend i and . acquaintances are r<?->r> ?r.-
fullv invited to attend the funeral TMJB DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1314 V. Natoma' street: thence to St.
Charles Chore i. Eighteenth and l>otweli streets,
where a . requiem high mass will be . celebrated
for ■ the ■ repose 'of his soul, commencing at 9
-• o'clock a. x. ' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.' .•
WORTSMITH— In this city, July 8. 1816. Han-
nah, beloved wife of the late John B. Wortsmith
and mother of . Joseph ' Wortsmith ' and Mrs.
1 harles Monet, a native of . County Kerry, Ire-
lan 1. aged 54 years, 8 months. - ■ "... . -.
J'jJS" Frlennn an 1 aciuAinsancm am r»stT»ftv '
fully invited to attend the funoral THIS DAT-
(Fr.day), at 8:30 o'clock a. ' it., from her late
residence, 19 V's Glover street, between Jon*s and
: Leavenworth, Brondway and Valiejo, thence to
St. Bridget's: Church, -where a so emu requiem
- mass will be . eel -br.ue 1 for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. v. Interment,
Calvary Cemetery. ; _ >. . . . .-- ..;-.
WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
/ FUNKRAL DIRECTORS A EJIBALiIifIBS. .
- 80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA3IIAN A BlTlliUs, XHJB
great Mexican Remedy: «iv« 4 Umtia *•«
StnwgU* to ut« &viu*U Or_»o*
1516
OPEN REVOLT OF
ABLE DEMOCRATS.
Financial Plank of the Chi
cago Convention Utterly
Repudiated.
DISASTER EXPECTED TO FOL=
LOW A SILVER POLICY.
Seceders Say the Wages of Working
People Will Not Advance, but
the Cost of Living Will.
A free silver policy is impossible. It Is the creation of demagogues. No
Democrat can afford to support such a policy. • ♦ ♦ Free coinage means noth
ing less than free robbery. * * * I will not sustain the platform of the party
and do not see how any candid-minded Democrat can. * • • The convention
at Chicago is made up of demagogues, socialists and communists of the worst
kind. • * • The result of a national declaration for free silver would have the
effect of making gold a merchandise and ruining every branch of trade and com
merce. * * * It will be hardest on the salaried people. Laboring classes who
have been led into this fallacy and vote for free silver will live to curse their
leaders and hang them if they can.— Kaphael Weill.
The free coinage of silver will brine to this country tne uncertainties and
embarrassments which attend the transactions of mercantile business in the
silver countries. • • • I have been obliged to pay in Guatemala* SLBO in silver
for Sloo in gold. The bankers and brokers there get control of all the gold.
* * * It will be the same here in the United States if the free coinage oT silver
Is introduced. Gold will vanish. It will be withdrawn from circulation and
held at a high premium. • • • The workingman who expects to be benefited
by the free coinage of silver will be grievously disappointed, for in all silver
countries the standard of wages is low.— Louis B. Parrott.
A general talk with leading merchants l
of San Francisco who have long been iden- j
titied with the Democratic part}' will con- !
vince any one tnai the bolting on account
of the position of the party on the money
question is the rule rather than the excep
tion in commercial circles. Merchants do
not express dissatisfaction in that ordi
nary form which implies displeasure
over party management, but a calm deter
mined resolution to break away from
party lines and affiliation is openly pro
claimed.
It is the judgment of careful observers,
among them prominent Democrats, that
two Democrats will bolt the Chicago nomi
nation on account of the free silver
declaration to every one Republican that
will leave his own party because of the
action of the St. Louis convention in
declaring for the gold standard. It is an
acknowledged fact that the bolting Repub
licans will join the Populists, while the
bolting Democrats will join the Republi
can party and vote for the maintenance of
a sound money in gold and silver.
The Call yesterday announced that
such old-time Democrats as Thomas B.
Bishop, E. B. Pond and A. A. Watkins
would never subscribe to the financial
doctrines enunciated by the Democratic
National Convention at Chicago. There
are others equally prominent and as fully
determined to renounce the Chicago plat
form as contrary to the principles of the
Democratic party. These leading Demo
crats are John Garber, Louis B. Parrott,
Raphael Weill, D. N. and E. Walter,
James Gibb, J. W. Twiggs, L. Kian and S.
Koshland. Some of these dissenting
Democrats will vote for McKinley and
Hobart in order to avert a public calamity.
Others may remain passive until the men
now controlling the Democratic party
come back to the old ideas.
Louis B. Parrott, a time-honored mer
chant of San Francisco, who has been a
life-long Democrat, says distinctly and
without qualification that he will not vote
for the nominees of the Chicago conven
tion. He said:
"I know what the free coinage of silver
means to the business interests of the
United States. I have had experience in
Guatemala, where commercial transac
tions are conducted on a silver basis —
where the money of the country is silver.
The free coinage of silver will introduce
in this country the uncertainties and em
barrassments which attend the transac
tion of mercantile affairs in the silver
countries. In buying London exchange in
Guatemala I have been obliged to pay $180
MEW TO-DAT. •
Ginger
Lot's of
' ■VI 9 Ul
Ginger
Fred Brown's
Ginger
■I
For cramps,' colic, cholera morboa, dy»- \
eatery and all summer complaints.' ,
l
. So;d everywhere. Made only by I
i
FRED BROWN . CO., PHILADELPHIA. ; !
]in silver for $100 in gold. The bankers
! and brokers there got control of all the
gold. It will be the same in the United
States if this free-coinage scheme is intro
duced. Gold will vanish. It will be with
drawn from circulation and held at a high
premium. Men who work for daily wages
and monthly salaries will be paid in
silver, but the wages will not increase nor
salaries yo higher.
"It will take seven or eight silver dol
lars to buy the same commodities which
one can now purchase for five dollars in
gold. The workingman that expects to be
benefited by the free coinage of silver will
be grievously disappointed, for in all sil
ver countries the standard of wages is
low.
"Yes, I have been a Democrat all my
life, but I will not follow the leaders in
the Chicago convention, who have gone
crazy on the silver question. They are
not Democrats and do not represent the
Democrats of this country."
Rapaael Weill, the senior member of
the firm of Raphael Weill <fe Co., is as
well known as a time-honored and patri
otic member of the Democratic party as is
the "White House" as one of the leading
mercantile establishments of the City. Ac
cording to his own confession "he has
voted fora Democratic principle when he
knew that for the time being it would
injure his own business."
Mr. Weill was seen at his private apart
ments in the Bohemian Club yesterday
afternoon, and readily consented to give
his views on the money question, reserv
ing the right to hit the Republican party
a few hard licks on the side. "A free sil
ver policy," he said, "is impossible. It is
the creation of a demagogue. No Demo
crat can afford to support such a policy. I j
am a Democrat and always have been a
Democrat, but I am emphatically against
the free coinage of silver. Free coinage of
silver means 'free robbery' — nothing else.
I will not sustain the platform of the
party, and Ido not see how any sound
minded Democrat can — though I do not
wish to be understood as declaiing in
favor of Republicanism. The convention
at Chicago is not representative of the
party. It is made up of demagogues, so
cialists and communists of the worst
stamp. I believe in the Democracy of
! thirty years ago. The free-si'ver idea is
inconsistent with true Democracy. Thirty
years of Republicanism has brought about
this condition of political affairs in the
country, and the present upheaval is
simply a natural opposition to plutocracy.
"The result of a National declaration
for free silver would have the effect of
making gold a merchandise and ruining
every branch of trade and commerce. It
will be hardest on the salaried people.
The r^ch men can stand these changes in
the political policy of the country. They
can look ahead and see what is coming.
Two or three years of a calamitous policy
I do not make so much aifference to them,
but the poor men have to bear the burden
j unaided. They get less for their labor and
pay more for their living, but they will not
.•■ee it until the mischief has been done
and the whole country has suffered terri
ble loss. Within two years the masses who
have been led into this fallacy will rue the
i day they ever voted for free silver in case
| the party advocating that policy is suc
| cussful in the coming contest. They will
j curse their leaders and hang them if they
j can.
"W bile I have always been a practical
Democrat, I am not aiiaid to stand by my
j convictions, even though I have to aavo
; cate the policy of the other party. I voted
I for the Wilson tariff, knowing that its
adoption would cause me Joss by reducing
value of nearJy all the goods in my store!
| But 1 believed in the principie, just as I
now believe that free silver would ruin the
country. No man who has any business
or other interests in the country can afford
! to indorse such a policy with his vote.
I Neither can any man who takes an inter
est in the welfare of the country think of
voting for free silver."
'•Do I believe that the Democratic mer
chants are in favor of free silver?" re
sponded D. N. Walters of the firm of D.
N. Walters <fc Co. when approached on the
j subject by a Call reporter yesterday.
j "Have you found one yet ?" incredulously.
j "I do not think there is a sane Democrat
wlio has anything to do with commerce in
this City who does not denounce such a
policy on the part of his party in the
strongest terms. It means calamity
wholesale calamity— for this country. No,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
I do not believe the Democratic merchants
will stay with the party it a silver plat
form is adopted at Chicago. If we have
free silver— or, in other words, if there was
a National declaration to that effect, which
I cannot believe is among the possbihties
of our political future— it will mean total
ruination.
"But the ereat evil and menace so far as
this great issue is concerned is in the
ignorance of the laboring classes. Whether
it is ignorance or simply a failure to un
derstand it amounts to the same thing,
and if a free-silver candidate is elected to
me Presidency it will be by the vote of
the wage-earners. And they will be the
first to suffer. They don't seem able to
grasp that idea, though, and it will not be
brought home to them until tney have to
pay a third more for the necessary com
modities of life than they do now and
have to work for less money. They may
still get their $2 or S3 a day the same as
now, but it will be in silver and less in
purchasing power on a ratio with the
difference between the value of silver and
gold. If the laboring man has $10 in
silver, we will say, it would buy only as
much as $7 50 or $8 in gold. A coat he
can buy for $4 now he would have to pay
$5 50 for with his tree silver.
"It is the 'free silver' that sways the
mind of the masses. They think it means
more money, cheaper living and higher
wages. Yes, I shall vote the Republican
ticket if my partv — or as much of it as is
represented at Chicago— declares for free
silver, and all the Democratic merchants
that I have talked with will do the same." |
L. Klau of the house of Uass Bros, has
had experience in Guatemala and Salvador,
where commercial transactions are con
ducted en a silver basis, and that experi
ence has taught him that the free coinage
of silver would bring calamity to the
United States. He has been a consistent
Democrat, standing by his party in defeat
and victory, but he now feels it to be his
duty to vote for McKinley. He said yes
terday :
"A merchant doing business on a silver
basis never knows where he stands. An
article which he purchases in the morn
ing for $10 50 may be down to $10 in the
afternoon. Everything is governed by
the price of silver in London. The value
of gold never changes, so on a gold basis
business may be transacted with security.
My experience in Salvador, a silver
country, fully made known to me the
embarrassments, difficulties and uncer
tainties of conducting a commercial busi
ness on a silver basis. Free coinage of
silver would, in my judgment, introduce
in the United States the same business
methods that prevail in Salvador and
Guatemala. Why, it was impossible to
tell in buyine on payments to be made in
sixty days what amount would have to be
paid when the obligation fell due. It
might take $300 in silver to pay for goods
that were worth $200 when ordered. We
actually got to that pass that we imported
boxes of silver — $3000 in a box — from Lon
don and Paris. We bought it where we
could buy it on the best terms. When the
Government found that we were bringing
it in an import tax was placed on it.
When we had too much silver and sought
to export it an export tax was imposed by
the Government.
"To-day in the South and Central Ameri
can countries it takes 200 cents in silver to
buy 100 cents in gold. The same state of
affairs will be brought to the United States
if free coinage comes. It will bring to
every commercial enterprise peril and
confusion. A merchant will never know
bow he stands. Trade will be subjected
to all the fluctuations of silver in the Lon
don market, for whatever may be said its
price is there regulated. There will be
constant danger of an increase in liabili
ties and a decrease of assets.
"No, the Democratic merchants of San
Francisco will not follow the leaders of
the party in the Chicago convention on
this silver proposition. In a word, they
will vote for gold. Free coinage of silver
can bring no prosperity. It can only
bring calamity and disaster. The talk
about wages being increased is folly. In
silver countries the wages for labor are
down to 20 cents n day. Wages here
might remain as now established on the
gold standard at $2 and $2 50 per day, but
tne $2 50 would not buy as much as one
can now purchase for $1 25.
"Amone merchants," continued Mr.
Klau, "I near only one opinion expressed,
and that is the opinion that free coinage
of silver would bring about sucn disaster
as we have never encountered. Ol course,
l cannot account ior the craze in Chicago.
Men seem to have lost their reasoning
faculties.
"I am not prepared to say what ef
fect the introduction of silver would
have on the savings banks. It is natural
to suppose that depositors who deposited
gold would want gold in return. I am
sure that gold would be withdrawn from
the United States the same as it has been
taken from Salvador and Guatemala. The
greatest hardships, I am sure, would fall
on the working classes, whose wages
would uot be raised, but the price of liv
ing would be advanced. Every imported
article, such as tea, sugar and coffee,
would have to be paid for in gold. If any
advantage should follow it would go to
the bankers, brokers and speculators.
"The leaders in the Chicago convention
are not representing the Democrats of the
country. As far as 1 can ascertain the
merchants of California prefer the gold
standard. Some Democratic merchants
who are very firmly and closely wedded to
politics may remain passive and decline to
vote at the next election, but when the
issue is fairly presented with gold on one
side and silver on the other I think that
neariv all will be found in favor of main
taining the doctrine of sound money as
against the silver inflation. The commer
cial men of the country have too raucn at
stake to remain passive and indifferent.' '
James Gibb, importer of wines and
liquors on Merchant street since 1852, has
always voted the Democratic ticket, but
he is convinced that Democratic merchants
and business men will break away from
the ] arty in view of the declaration in
favor of the free coinage of silver. He j
said yesterday: "I do not believe in talk- i
ing much, but I do say that the men who j
are committing the Democratic Conven- j
tion to the free coinage of silver are going j
contrary to the sound-money principles of !
the party. Yes, I hear of leading Demo
crats who will bolt the nominations.
They may not say very much now. They
will remain passive, hoping that the sec
ond sober thought will convince the men
who are now carrying things with a high
hand that they have made a mistake."
John W. Twiggs is a Democrat of the
old school, but he has said frankly that he
cannot support the lree-coinage doctrine
of the party. He will vote for McKinley
and a sound currency.
Samuel O. Meyer of H. Levi & Co., is a
young man, but since he began voting ten
years ago be has been a steadfast Demo- {
crat. At the next Presidential election he j
will cast his vote for McKinley. He has !
positive views on the money question and
thus expresses his sentiments: "The
money now in use is the beat. lam satis
tied with it and do not want any change
from a gold to a silver basis."
S. Koshland, the senior member of one
of the large wool firms of the coast, is a
njJ .^ w^.. NEW TO-PAT— DRY GOODS
TO KEEP UP THE RUSH!
To keep up the immense crowds of buyers that are making the opening week of our
GREAT JULY BARGAIN SALE such AN UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS we make AN EXTRA
SPECIAL OFFERING of the following seasonable lines AT EXTRAORDINARY CUTS IN
PRICES
FOR CLEARANCE TO=DAY AND TO=MORROW!
RIBBONS !_RIBBONS!
At 5 Cents.
No - \2 2-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED
SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON,
value I 2y 2 c, will be closed out at 5c a
yard.
At 5 Cents.
No- 22 3-INCH FANCY STRIPED AND
BROCADED RIBBON, value 20c, will
be closed out at 5c a yard.
At 10 Cents.
No- 22 3-INCH DOUBLE.FACED SATIN
RIBBON, assorted colors, value 30c,
will be cloted out at 10c % yard.
At 10 Cents.
No. 30 4-INCH DOUBLE-FACED SATIN
KIBBON, assorted colors, value 35c,
will be closed out at 10c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, in assorted
colois, value 35c to 45c, will be closed
out at 25c a yard.
LADIES' BD GLOVES !
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
8-button length, tan and mode shades,
worth |i, will be closed out at 35c a
pair.
At 65 Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
white, with black embroidered back,
worth |1, will be closed out at 65c a
pair.
At 65 Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium tan shades, worth
|1, will be closed out at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered back,
all colors and black, worth $1 25, will
be closed out at 75c a pair.
j
[J \y Murphy Building, /
Met it Jones Streeti
Democrat of considerable prominence.
He has been a member of that party since
casting his first vote, which was many,
many years ago, and among the Demo
cratic merchants -he may be taken as a
representative of the sound, conservative
class. He expressed himself to The Call
last week on the question of tariff, in
which be asserted emphatically that pro
tection and not silver was the issue in this
State. He feels strongly on the money
question and has no hesitancy in the ex
pression of his convictions.
'•A silver policy would ruin our busi
ness. We could not carry on our commer
cial affairs without consulting the Liver
pool quotations or the value of silver three
or four times a day, and then it would be
hard to tell where we stood. 'Free silver,'
so called, is impossible. 'Frea silver' ex
ists only in the minds of the deluded
laborer, who thinks he will have more
money under a silver policy.
''All the Democratic merchants with
whom I have talked are against it. They
know it will bring about a terrible com
mercial and financial condition. It is also
safe to predict that the majority of our
Democratic merchants will refuse to vote
for their party candidates on a silver plat
form, if they do not vote for and support
the Republican sound money ticket.
Those are my sentiments, and I think you
will find very few thinking Democrats to
dissent from them."
Mr. Hass, a prominent merchant of Los
Angeles, was seen at Hass Bros., whole
salers and importers, yesterday afternoon,
and he said that all the Democratic mer
chants he had beard discuss the subject in
the southern city were emphatic in their
denunciation of a free-silver policy. "I
am not a Democrat myself," he said, "but
the mercantile and commercial interests
of Democrats and Republicans are identi
cal. If free silver should be adopted as
the policy of the Government it would
bring a great crisis. It would be worse
than a panic. It would be a cyclone.
Unless all the voters are crazy, I don't
thick it will ever come to that; but it is
hard to tell what the laboring class may
do If it runs away with a wild Idea such as
that free coinage means 'free dollars' in
the pocket. I nave met many of the
prominent mercantile men among the
Democrats of your City, and I have yet to
iind one who is not bitter in his opposi
tion and denunciation of the silver policy
of his party."
"Democratic merchants will not follow
their party; they will vote for gold."— L.
Klau.
"It means wholesale ruination to the
countiy."— D. N. Walter of D. N. & E.
Walter.
"If the silver policy prevails it will be
because the voters are crazy. All the
Democratic merchants of Los Angeles are
for gold."— M. Kass.
"Our financial system will be wrecked."
— S. Koshland.
THE SHERRIFF'S SATE OF DESSE GOODS, ETC.
To-Day Dress Goods, Silks, Satins,
Velvets.
The great smash in me price of dress goods,
velvets and silk still continues at the Sheriff's
s«le of dry goods now going on at the store of
James M. Moran <fc Co., 1009-1015 Market
street. Ihe crowd still surges at the dry-goods
counter, and no wonder when Rll-wool double
width dress goods 1r sold at 12J^ cents and 75
cents, silk velvet at 318 cents ana bargain piled
upon barguin until tne ladies' heads begin to
swim iv good earnest. •
Vfi*g«An, <.!(*«*•*«•••*.
Lip to date Registrar W. H.Hinton announces
that there have been 18,221 voters registered.
Of these 935 registered yesterday. On Satur
day even in* the registration office will be open
until 9 o'clock in ordor to accommodate those
who cannot conveniently reach the City Hall
durlug regular office hours.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 10 Cents.
120 dozen BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL
WAISTS, in medium and dark colors,
sizes 3to 13, usually sold at 25c, will
be closed out at 10c each.
At 12^ Cents.
85 dozen LADIES' AND GENTS' ALL-
SILK WINDSOR TIES, in plaids,
stripes and figured, regular price 25c,
will be closed out at 12^c each.
At 15 Cents.
65 dozen ROLLED GOI,D AND PLATED
SILVER ENAMEL SHIRT WAIST
SETS, four pieces, regular price 35c,
will be closed out at 15c a set.
At 20 Cents.
95 doien SEAMLESS NATURAL GRAY
CASHMERE HALj? HOSE, usually
sold at three pairs for $1, will be closed
out at 20c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
75 dozen STANLEY PERCALE SHIRTS,
collar and cuffs attached, warranted
fast colors, regular price $1, will be
closed out at 75c each.
At 75 Cents.
150 dozen SUPER WEIGHT CAMEL'S-
HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, reeular price $2 a suit, will be
closed out at 75c each garment.
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
We have received a large and beautiful assortment of JET BEAD and COLORED
BEAD and SPANGLE YOKES, with and without epaulettes, which we will clace on
sale to-day ai fully 50 per cent less than regular price.
We will also show a new arrival of COLORED SPANGLE TRIMMINGS, in all
I widths, at very low prices.
{Gif Murphy Building, f
Market and Jones Streets.
RAN AWAY AND
MARRIED AT SEA,
Pearl Goodnow, a Yolo
County Belle, Was
Under Age.
HER FATHER OBJECTED
But M. K. Nickell, the Groom,
Was Not to Be Deterred
by Difficulties.
CAME ON THE MORNING TRAIN
They Were Married on the High Seas
in the Afternoon by Captain
Parker.
M. K. Mitchell and Pearl Good now of
Yolo County are now man and wife. They
were joined in the holy bonds of wedlock
on the high seas yesterday by Cupid Par
ker, master of the gasoline launch Belve
dere. It was a runaway match and the
bride half repented before the Golden Gate
was passed. Both of the participants in
the ceremony were seasick.
Pearl is sweet 17 and vowed as she
stepped ashore at the Clay-street landing
that she bad never been kissed. Her hus
band was unable to salute her and Captain
Parker never got a chance, as the Belve
dere was rolling and pitching like a ship
in a gale and it took him all his time to
get Ine boat straightened out on the home
ward run. In spite of her pale looks and
disheveled appearance the yoniiK lady ap
peared very handsome as she stepped
ashore from the launch.
M. K. Nickell gave his age as 28, and he
looks what he is— a hard-working farmer.
He is well built and strong, but he was
not strong enough to overcome old ocean,
and instead of upholding his wife he had
to be held up himself while the ceremony
was performed.
Mrs. Nickell is the daughterof a rancher
who lives near Capay, Yolo County, and
Her husband is the les3ee of part of her
father's land, and also a deputy Sheriff.
The wiiole of the property is in wheat
large shipments ol which are made an
nually from the landing to Port Costa and
San Francisco. Naturally Pearl and her
lover were thrown a great deal together
and they learned to love each other. Mrs.
Goodnow rather favored the suitor, but
Papa Goodnow was set against it, and as
the young lady was under age there was
nothing to do but run away and get mar
ried at sea.
The trip to San Francisco was hurriedly
taken and once here the search for a tug
was begun.
The bride-to-be was left at the Grand
Hotel and the groom-elect paid a visit to
the water front. He visited the Spreckels
tugboat office on Folsom-street wharf, but
none of the tugs were disengaged. He
then went to the Shipowners' and Mer
chants' Towboat Company, but could not
come to terms with the superintendent.
Finally one of the boatmen directed him
to the Belvedere.and Captain Parker, after
making some inquiries, agreed to perform
the ceremony on the high seas.
They were unattended and the deck
HOSIERY ANDJNDERWEAR!
At 10 and 12k Cents.
200 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels
and toes, full finished, fast Dlack, reg-
ular 20c quality reduced to 10c a pair
for 5%, 6, Gy. and 7, and 12^c a pair for
VA, 8 and B^'.
At 12^ Cents a Pair.
125 dozen LADIES' BLACK COTTON
HOSE, spliced heels and toes, Herms-
dorf bJack. regular price 20c, reduced
to 12>^c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
115 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOSE, unbleached feet, high-
spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf
black, regular price 40c, reduced to
25c a pair.
At 25 Cents Each.
50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
neck, long sleeves, regular value 50c,
reduced to 25c each.
At 50 Cents Each.
95 dozen BOYS' NATURAL GRAY SAN-
ITARY CASHMERE WOOL SHIRTS
AND DRAWERS, warranted non-
shrinkable, regular value 85c and 90c,
reduced to 50c each.
CORSETS !_ CORSETS!
At 60 Cents.
LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long
waist, high bust, two side steels on
each side, black and drab, regular price
$1, reduced to 60c each.
wif Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streeti
hand and steersman on the steamer had
to act aa witnesses to the ceremony.
Last evening Captain Parker and the
bride and groom enjoyed a quiet little
dinner and over a class of wine the gal
lant skipper presented Mrs. Nickell with
the certificate of her marriage. As the
Belvedere went more than the stipulated
three marine leagues off shore there can
be no doubt but that the ceremony is
binding.
The couple is now anxiously awaiting
word from the bride's father. When he is
heard from they will return home and
make their peace.
NEWSPAPER JUBILEE.
"The Bulletin " Slakes a Special
Holiday to Celebrate Its Own
Prosperity.
The Bulletin yesterday held something
of a jubilee in celebration of its own pros
perity — a circumstance that certainly gives
it the right to be merry. It devotes eight
of its sixteen paces of yesterday's edition
to proving in figures and "object lessons"
how popular it has become with the people.
An affidavit is presented, giving the
ficures of the average daily circulation of
the paper for June as 20,095. It is a big,
round, hea-lthy figure, and only genuine
merit and up-to-date enterprise could at
tain it. _
COMIN G FLORAL AFFAIRS.
Annual Exhibition of Sweet Peas to Be
Held Ihis Month.
The next meeting of the California State
Floral Society will be held in the maple
room of the Palace Hotel Friday, July 10,
at 2 f. m.
The annual exhibition of sweet peas
will take place this month. Three of the
largest growers of these fragrant flowers
have been invited to make a display,
which promises to be a large one.
"Bummer Flowering Herbaceous Plants"
will be discussed ; also the novelties as
well as the finest varieties of sweet peas.
All who wish to see the display are Invited
to be present.
TO EXPOUND THE CHARTER.
The Municipal Reform League Offers to
Furnish Speakers.
The Municipal Reform League, at its
meeting last night, appointed a committee
of five, consisting of Rev. J. E. Scott, P. J.
Healy, J. M. Chase, Dr. J. F. Wetzel and
John M. Reynolds, to v.sit clubs and or
ganizations for the discussion of the pro
posed new charter.
The secretary. P. J. Healy of 203 Powt 11
street, was* instructed to send notifications
of the club's willingness to furnish speak
ers to explain important features of the
new charter to the various organizations
of the City.
it,. - r, ■
An enthusiastic, meeting of the Twenty,
second District Suffrage Club was held Tues
day afternoon. An informal ' address ] was
made by Miss Mill* of the State association,
and so encouraging and enthusiastic were the
words she spoke that several names were
added to the club membership. At the ne-xt
meeting it is hoped that Mrs. Sargent, the
president of the State association, will address
.the club. All interested in suffrage are in
vited. - The club .meets at 3 o'clock every
Tuesday afternoon at 72 South Park.
•
Morris Kane, a hackman of about 60 years
who 1 has his stand; beside the old plaza on
Keurny (treat,' was placed under arrest yester
day by Officer Dolmer of the Society ": for the
Prevention lof cruelty, to Animals. He has
been driving : two worn-out - horses, one of
which. had a sore and festering hoof. Despite l
repeated warnings he did not change his team
and yesterday the law's heavy hand fell upon
him. When apprehended he was exceedingly
I abusive in his language toward the arresting ;
; officer. .. > • ■■- ,
nnH'oi.-^aoiO.
John G. Ogar and Agnes M. Ogar, legatees of
Jooeph Macdonough, have sued John F. Sesnon
for $3000 due on a promissory note drawn in
favor of Macdonough and received by the
com plainauts from his estate.
LADIES' NIGHTGOWNS!
At 25 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, made of
heavy muslin, neck and front edged
with lace, regular price 50c, will be
closed out at 25c each.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, finished
with collar and yoke trimmed with
embroidery, extra good value for 50c
each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, plaited back,
V-shaped yoke of insertion and em-
broidery, regular price $1 25, wilt be
closed out at 75c each.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS !
At $2.00.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in fancy light
and dark shades, lined all through,
regular price $5, will be closed out at
$2 each.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in fancy stripes, checks and
figures, regular price $1, will be closed
out at 50c each.
VEILING ! VEILING !
At 15 Cents a Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENTLi-
LETTE DOTTED TUXEDO VEIL-
ING, regular price 25c, will be closed
out at 15c a yard.
At 20 Cents a Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE
DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regu-
lar price 35c, will be ciosed out at 20c
a yard.
At 50 Cents Each.
BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED
WASHED VEILS, regular price 75c,
90c and |1, will be closed out at 50c
each.
mt/ Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
460 and 463 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
Easton Eldridge & Co., 638 Market st.,S.F.
SPECIAL^UCTIONSALE
Oakland Improved and Unimproved
Business and Residence
Property.
SATURDAY. JULY 18, 1896,
At 2 o'Clock F. 31. at Salesrooms,
460 and 462 Eighth Street, Oakland.
;
TWO FINE BUSINESS LOTS on San Pablo aye.
near Twenty-third st.
ONE IMPROVED AND TWO UNIMPROVED
BUSINESS .LOTS on Seventh st., near Wood
ONE-ACRE LOT on Twenty-third St., near San
Pablo aye. itiSfw!
FOUR SUPERB BOULEVARD TERRACE
LOTS, 60x107 each; easy terms.
CHOKE BUILDING LOT on Franklin St., near
Deleer; 50x1511; easy terms.
A NICE MODEKN HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath,
situate cor. Ninth and Peralta sti; lot 60x100;
half cash. ; -•..-■•.-. ■• ■".
PRETTY COTTAGE HOME on Tenth st., near
Center; 6 rooms and bath; lot 36x120; i^ cash.
THREE SIGHTLY RESIDENCE LOIS on
■ Adeline St.. bet. Eighth and Tenth.
SIX BUILDING LOTS on East Twenty-fourth
st.,nr. Eleventh aye.: 30x100 each: easy terms.
THREE CHOICE LOTS cor. Second and Brush
sts. ; .mast be sold.
TWO LOTS in the Clinton Mound Tract, £ms
Oakland. ,
KB" Don't fail to secure Catalogue and see prop-
erly beiore day of sale. : '
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Seal Estate Auctioneer, 460-463 Eighth
. Street, Oakland. •
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford -:-" Unsurpassed/
$40, $50, $60, $75.
! Phoenix "Stands the Racket"
$ioa
The guarantee of the Crawford . same as that
given with $100 wheels.
EDWIN MOH RIG, Agent,
.* 1510 Market St., San Francisco. Cat
ftIKTELJWP
4ZMRNYSI
18 . THE VERY BUST ONE TO EXA&fINB
your eyes and fit tnenu to spectacles and .'By*,
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention
wnoaesuperlorlty has not beoa equaled, itj *IM>
MM bits been duo to Uio mcriu W my WUUb
Oilice Hours— l- to * i". M.
| •. cosn/topoijiTAKr,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 - Flf U»* st., * a» a
irancisco, C«L— Tuo most select family hotsl la
the city. Board ml room, $1, $1 U5 and «l 511 psc
1 day, according to room. Meal* Ma. Kooma, ajj
and ?6o a day. - ifa* ooacU to and from tha ■ uotaj.
.Look lor Uiocoaou bearing the uama of urn Co*.
BJopolUnu UoleJL \V it fAU X \' frOprlMOb