VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 67.
REPUBLICAN
CONVENTIONS.
State Officers Nominated
in Wisconsin and
Michigan.
M'KINLEY IS INDORSED.
National Platform Formulated
at St Louis Is Heartily
Approved.
TJ3TITED SUPPOET IS PLEDGED.
A Slight Breach at the Grand Rapids
Meeting, but Differences Are
Made Up.
MILWAUKEE, Wts., Aug. With the
thermometer registering a very high tem
perature Chairman Coe of the State Cen
tral Committee called the Republican State
Convention to order at noon. C. A. La
moreaux of Ashland was chosen chair
man. His speech was a strong appeal for
the maintenance of th« present gold stand
ard.
After confirming the committees selected
by district conventions the convention
adjourned until 3 o'clock. The platform
will follow the lines of the St. Lomis con
vention.
At the afternoon session the report of
the committee on permanent organization,
recommending General Griffin of Eau
Claire for permanent chairman and" J. M.
E wing of Milwaukee for permanent secre
tary, was adopted, and the new officers
tack their seats. Chairman Griffin then
called for the report of the committee on
resolutions, and the platform as reported
was unanimously adopted. The platform
reads as follows :
The Republicans of Wisconsin in convention
assembled announce their cordial and hearty
Indorsement of the platform of principles
adopted by the late Naticaal Republican Con
vention of St. Louis, and pledge a loyal,
us ised and vigorous support of the principles
and policies therein announced and defined.
We tielieva that in the restoration to power in
National aif&irs of the party that stands for a
sound and stable currency, honest money
with which to pay the wages of labor, buy the
products of the farm and factory, and carry on
the business of this great country, and fora
fair aad equitable tariff that will protect til
the people and every section- of tire country,
five employment to Aniericaa labor, preserve
to American producers tie first chance is our
great hesxe market, and at the same time give
us ?agjn revenue to pay tie necessary ex
penses of carrying on the Government, lies the
cnly hope of a return to our farmer prosperity.
We recognize in William McKinley and Gar
ret A. Kobart, oar nominees for President and
Yice-Pxeaidest, the highest character and fit
ness as candidates, in whose wisdom, integrity
and patriotism all the people can safely put
their trust and canSdence.
We express our unqualified disapproval of
the utterances of the late Chicago convention
upon matters of national policy. We denounce
them as dangerous in their character, tending
to the destruction of all business security and
prosperity and subversive of the fundamental
principles of gcod government
We commend most heartily the able, eco
nomical and ness-like conduct of affairs
by our present State administration.
The Republican party believes in perfect
libe'ty of conscience, non-sectarianism In
public affairs, In the separation of church and
state. in free common schools and the utmost
independence of individual thought, speech
and action within the law.
We favor the restriction of undesirable im
migration, as opposed to the interests of our
laboring people, and approve the enactment
of measures to prevent fraudulent naturaliza
tion.
We cordially Invite the voters of Wisconsin,
without regard to past political affiliation, to
support the principles herein announced.
Ten-minute nomination speeches were
then in order. H. C. Adams of the Second
Congressional District named Robert M.
La Foilett; Chris Doerder of the Fifth
District nominated Charles D. Eata
brook; E. H. Bottom of the Fifth
District nominated Eugene S. Elliot;
Albert H. Smith of tee Sixth District
nominated Lieutenant-Governor Emu
Baensch : General Griffin of the Seventh
District nominated Ira Bradford; Dr. A.
W. Trevitt of the Ninth District nomi
nated Major ScaoSeld. After the five
zalnute seconding speeches tne conven
tion, at 6:15 o'clock, adjourned until 10
a- x. to-morrow.
rZSGMEB MEy SITCCESSTCZ,
Seated *r» th* Mi.eh.Ujan Convention Dm- :
ip*t* a Strong Protest.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Aug. 5.— j
Sweltering in a tempeiature fairly torrid, j
the delegates were slow in gathering for j
the Republican State Convention this
morning. Chairman Ferry called the con
vention to order.
Victor M. Gore of Benton Harbor was
introduced as temporary chairman. He j
spoke in line with the declarations made j
at St. Louis. The platform will be short.
It accepts with unqualified indorsement i
the platform of the National Republican j
Convention and emphasizes fealty to Me- |
Kinley and Hobart.
The evening session opened with the re- I
port of the committee on credentials, i
recommending that the Bliss delegates '
from St. Clair County be . given seats. j
This was a blow to the Pingreeites. The j
report was adopted by a large majority. ;
the Pingree followers not making any de- |
termined opposition. State Treasurer Wil- |
kinson then presented the following re- j
port from the committee on platform,
waich was adopted:
The Republicans of Michigan in convention
assembled do affirm:
First— We declare oar continued allegiance |
to the Republican party, which ■ now, as here- :
tofore, stands for the upholding of law and j
order, the encouragement and protection of
the commerce of our country, Its industries,
its labor. It* farms and its firesides, the devel- |
opment or its resources, the maintenance of its ;
credit and defense of i's honor.
second — accept and ..indorse the platform J
of toe National V Repn blican Convention of i
1396 at Bi. Louis', and call upon all loyal citi- 1
zens to unite in its .support.
Third— denounce- the so-called Demo- j
cratic National platform, recently adopted at j
Chicago, for its tnaults to our courts ■ and our i
The San Francisco Call
Judges, for its pandering to disorder and mob
violence, for sympathy with anarchism, for
Its proposal to repudiate public and private
debts, and for intention, to substitute silver
monometallism in place of the wise ana liberal
policy and practice of the Republican party,
which has been and Is in favor of tne use of
gold, silver and paper as the currency or the
nation.
Fourth— We congratulate the party upon the
eminently wise and satisfactory selection of
standard bearers in the present National cam
paign. We zealously emphasize our fealty to
the distinguished American statesman, Wil
liam MeKiniey, who bess embodies those pat
riotic and progressive expressions of economic
purposes, protection, reciprocity and honest
money, and our equally unreserved confidence
in the ability and fitness of tne candidate for
Vice-President. Garret A. Hobart.
Fifth — With this statement of our political
creed and recalling to your reiaeiaberance the
able, faithful and economical manner in
which tae Republican party has. through its
executives, in the past administered the
domestic affairs of this State, we frankly in
vite inspection of its record, challenging criti
cism of its control of public bcaiaess. We In
dorse the administration of our honored
executive Governor John T. Rich, whose tear
less and vigorous fidelity is heartily com
mended. We favor the strictest economy in
all State departments. We pledge our earnest
co-operation in carrying out the will of this
convention as shall be expressed in its choice
of candidates for the various State offices and
submit our cause to the voters, confident of
victory in November.
Speeches for nomination of candidates
for Governor were the next order of busi
ness, and James O'Donnell of Jackson, A.
T. Bliss of Saginaw. H. A. Connant of
Monroe, D. D. Aitken of Flint, A. O.
Wheeler of Maniatee and Mayor H. S.
Pingree of Detroit were placed in nomina
tion.
After the conclusion of the nominating
speeches the Sc Clair County delegation
matter was brocgnt before the convention
to submit the minority report, admitting
delegates of both factions and giving each
a half vote. A rolicail was demanded and
by a vote of 406 to 40:1 it was substituted and
the delegates admitted. This was a vic
tory for Pingree.
SAYS RETAN LIBELED REID
The yew fork "Tribune's" Denial of a
Speech Attributed to Its Editor.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. s— The Trib
une this morning editorially says:
We have received a copy of the Weekly
World Herald of Omaha, Nebr., for July
2S, ISG6, which bear 3at the head of its col
umns as editor the name of William J.
Bryan, the Populist and Democratic can
didate for President of the United States.
That paper contains an editorial article
entitled "Newspaper Support," in which,
after speaking of the newspaper? opposed
to free silver, it says:
"In this connection it will be interesting
to read what Whitelaw Reid, editor of the
gold bug New York Tribune, said several
years ago at an editorial association ban
quet in New York." Then follows the I
statement attributed to Mr. Reid: That j
there was no such thing in America as an ;
independent press; that editors were
slaves who dared not express an honest
opinion; that he himself was paid to keep
hones: opinions out of tne paper he was
:ted with, and that the eusiness of
the New York journalist was to distort the
train, to lie outright^ to pervert, is vilify,
to fawn at the feet of Mam a and to sell
his country and race for his daily bread.
To this is added the comment: "White
law Reid ou ght to and undoubtedly does
know what he is talking about."
William J. Bryan, the candidate of a
great party for President of the United
States, ought to know what his news
paper is talking about when it prints ed
itorial statements under his name. Every
person of intelligence who has the slight
est acquaintance with Mr. Reid or the
history of the Tribune, or - the slightest
knowledge of % New York journalism,
is perfectly aware that this is a preposter
ous and stupid libeL Mr. Reid never
made such a speech, and never said any
thing resembling it. either in language or
sentiment. T .ere is no information ob
tainable that the speech was ever made by
any human being in any place. Certainly
it was never made oy any New York editor j
at any press banquet. It has been attrib
uted to other newspaper men, among
them John S. Winfon, and, so far as we
know, without the slightest foundation.
This fabrication has been exposed time
and again. The Tribune on June 30, and
also on July — the last more than two
weeks before the World-Herald publica
tion — in reply to persons who had read
the story in irresponsible Populist jour
nals, definitely and explicitly stamped it
as a falsehood. Yet, in the face of these
denials, and in spite of its obvious impos
sibility, the personal sanction of Wil
liam J. Bryan, a candidate for Presi
dent of the United States, is virtually
given to its publication by the newspaper
which proclaims him as its editor.
GOOD NEWS FOR McKINLEY
He Receives Tidings of Encouragement
From Jinny Correspondent*.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. s.— This has been
a day of good cheer for Major McKinley.
Seated comfortably at home in the cool of
a darkened study, he has spent the hours
reading a mail that was laden with tidings
of hope and encouragement. He had let
ters from men of intelligence in all parts
of the country, and the tenor of these
communications was that the free silver
sentiment has reached its greatest point
of development and that the natural reac
tion is beginning to set in.
The secretary of the Alzer Club of De
troit has sent a resolution to Major Mc-
Kinley * which reads as follows : "The
Alger Republican Club of Detroit, com
posed as it is of 2000 men actively engaged
in mercantile and other business pursuits,
is deeply interested in whatever affects
the business interests of the country, and
feels that the platform adopted at ': St.
Louis by the Republican convention laid
down a safe, conservative and wise policy
with regard to the country's commercial
ntereats. The club's members know that
you and the Republican party can be
trusted to carry them out."
Major and Mrs." McKinley gave a ma
sicale this even rig. About sixty of their
friends were invited.
— — ♦ "■
For Bryan, aid Seawall. j
HUTCHINSON, Kass., Aug. 5. — The
Democratic convention met for its second
day's session at sp. m. There was noth
ing to do but wait until the committee ap
pointed to confer with the Populists in
session at Abilene should report and most
of the time was taken up in speeches. : A
resolution was 1 adopted declaring it to be
the sense of the convention : that they
stand solidly by Bry.ni ana Sewall," regard
less of the action of the Populists. Ad
journment was then taken until 10 a. m.
to-morrow, when it ia expected - the com
mittee will report. HHfißlr-- -'-" ~
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORXIXG, AUGUST 6, 1896.
STREET-WORK FOR
SINGLE-TAXERS.
Delaware's Scheme to Make
the Prisoners Pay for
Board.
TO ADVERTISE FOR BIDS
Will Be Hired Out to Contract
ors and Herded Like
Criminals.
TWESTT-05E HOW US JAIL.
Offenders Are Becoming Desperate aad
May Take the Case to the
Supreme Court.
WILMINGTON, D«-, Aug. s.— The !
Levy Court of Kent County yesterday '
authorized Clerk of the Peace Dickinson
to advertise for bids for the hire of the
single-caxers now in jail on the streets and j
roads in Kent County. The Kent L'ouuty !
authorities claim the single-taxers have
become a burden to the county and they
propose to make them work for their ;
keep.
The single-taxers have engaged ex-
Chancellor James L. Waicott and J. H. i
Raiston of Washington as counsel in [
habeas corpus proceedings for the release
of the men who are in jail.
Chancellor Nicholson yesterday denied j
the application for release of the men
pending their trial, but has set Monday
next for further hearing in the matter.
The single-taxers have become desperate !
and may take the case to the Supreme
Court. Two single-taxers were arrested
last night and three more to-night. There
are twenty -one now in jaiL
PHONOGRAPH IN POLITICS
The Instrument May Play an
Important Part in the
Campaign.
Notable Speeches '/„ to B? Ground Out
to Large Audiences ThroTigliaut
the Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Ant. The
phonograph or graphophone may play an
important part in the coming Presidential j
campaign. A suggestion has oeen made
to Senator Jones, chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee v that be con- •
sider the : matter of buying or renting
grap ho phones and putting.; them ; to work
for the Democratic ticket. % Such a sug
gestion has, in part, already been acted !
upon by the Republicans. If he doesn't j
care to make the National committee offi- •
cial managers of such a unique campaign
other persons may put the idea into opera- j
tion. * ■■ . ,* "'■:'
It is said that the Republicans haTe put j
phonographs : to work in the large* cities j
supplying campaign songs for the amuse
ment and edification of enthusiastic Re
publicans. The suggestion to Chairman
Jones, however, is of • a different nature.
It is that himself. Candidate Bryan and
other noted silver speakers make ten or
fifteen minute speeches for earbllmeutjan
ayiiadan of the a faon**. -"" ■■ -;■ ~
''"* These "wCf^be taken and "".'put ' in ma
chines, Which will be sent all over the j
country. They will prove double attrac- I
tions and, it is believed; would draw large !
crowds. The graphophoue itself would !
prove interesting " to all the smaller cities
and towns of the country, but containing
speeches of eminent men of the Demo- j
cratic party it would be sure to draw large
crowds.
The scheme is that Democrats be sent
through the country with these machines, ■
advertising like a show when they would ■
be at a certain place. When they have !
their audience *in shape they would turn
on the talk. No charge would be made,
although belief is expressed that if there
was charge sufficient to pay the expenses
of the operator there would be big crowds
everywhere. It is said that the Repub
lican campaign machines are made to pay j
their own expenses, just like ail machines j
in use for the public in general. If the
idea mentioned should be carried oat it
would prove the most novel scheme in the
history of politics.
♦
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TAXES.
The Kentucky Corporation Mast Contribute
to the Exchequer of the Blue
Grass State.
FRANKFORT, Kt., Aug. Auditor
Stone has sent to the Southern Pacific
Railway people a blank form on which
t ey are asked to make returns so that
the board of ■ assessment and valuation
may fix the value of the franchise of the
corporation. The boara will rate the road
immediately after receiving the proper in
formation and this corporation, which
has been doing business in California on a
Kentucky charter, will be asked to pay , a
large sum of back taxes in addition to the
amounts the assessment board will fix. .
• 9' .
NO SYMPATHETIC STRIKE.
Cleveland Labor leaders Conclude That
- It Would Be Unwise. ;
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. s.— After a
long i session 1 to-night the Central : Labor j
Union decided that it would be unwise j
just 'at^ this time to call a sympathetic
strike on account of the Brown Hoisting
Works trouble. The Central Labor Union. !
however, : pledges itself to 1 aid in ; every !
way the strikers- A secret session of the I
labor leaders was held ■ to-night, and. alter
four, hours of discussion with attorneys
retained for : the purpose,, papers . were
drawn and will be : presented in court to- j
morrow as soon as it opens asking for an '
order . restraining \ Mayor i Robert E. Me- |
Kisson from using the police and military j
to protect the Brown works, on the ground
that he is incurring unnecessary cost for j
the taxpayers to pay.
..y : :;.^ ; . ;■■, ; -■ >; — _ : : : ..... •, i
LI CALLS ON QVEES VICTORIA.
Introduced to Her Majesty by Lord Salis
bury.
LONDON, E3Q^ Aug. s.— Li Hung |
Chang, the . Chinese Viceroy, who is visit
ing England v ? as the guest ;of the nation, !
to-day visited the Queen at Osborne Honse, i
on the Isle of Wight: The Chinese states- j
man. accompanied by members of his
suit, took the train from London to Ports- ;
mouth, where the royal yacht was await- >
ing to convey them to Cowes.
Upon arriving '- at ■ the : latter place car- I
riages ■ Vere' ; taken to ; Osborne House. '
where Lord Salisbury, the Prime Minister,
introduced Li Hung Chang to her Majesty;
After the audience terminated Li -
Hung Chang witnessed ■ a series ot evolu
tions by the-Btitish Channel: squadron in
Cowes Roads. The weather- waa sonny i
and pleasant. ■■-•'* r - •-.--■.<"-
HUGH WALLACE OF
TACOMA BOLTS,
A National Committeeman
Denounces the Chicago
Platform.
FORSAKES HIS PARTY.
He Believes a Victory for Bryan
Would Be a Public
Calamity.
CAUSTIC LETTER TO JOSES.
Resigns His Office and Rebukes the
Men Now in Control of the
Democracy.
: TACOMA, Wash;, Aug. s.— Democratic
National Committeeman Hugh C. Wallace
created a National, sensation to-day by re
signing. He has written a vigorous letter
to Chairman Jones, in • which he accuses
the Democratic party of departing from its
principles and entering upon a radical and
ruinous career.. Wallace has been com
mitteeman for four years, and has" always
supported Cleveland ardently. He was
disgusted when the Chicago convention
refused to indorse the administration, and
in his letter he strikes back thus :p/i
Other differences there are, but I not dwell
upon them. 1 cannot, however,- forbear pre
test against the invitation to riot and anarchy
that Is covertly presented :in I the censure of
ths National administration for its suppres
sion of mob violence that recently obstructed
the railways,' stopped , the mails, interrupted
interstate traffic, terrorized the country and
caused immense destruction of property. The
people of the - United '■ States cannot give up
their right to enforcement of law and order,
and when State authorities cannot or will not
act the Federal Government should act and
must act. One of the proclaimed objects ; of
the constitution is to "insure domestic tran*
quility. 1 *
Although Wallace was a known goLd
advocate, the Democratic ; State . Conven
tion, after : indorsing silver, selected dele
gates to Chicago, a majority of whom were
pledged to rote I for Wallace ■as National
Committeemaa. His silver", opponents
have,' since" his election, been demanding
his resignation, and Chairman Jones has
been notified of his leaning toward gold,
and at the State convention ■, next t week it
was proposed to demand his resignation.
Wallace understood that he r could not be
forcibly removed, but in view of -his posi
tion on ''■ th« 5 money question,"' which he
! refused to change, he decided to resign.
One of the original arguments in his
letter is the following : '
Unrestricted and 1 Independent coinage ,
then, would carry us to the silver basis. But
the difficulty of maintaining our paper cur
| rency at parity with silver money, sunt to its
metal value, would be aa great as that of now
; maintaining it at parity with gold; perhaps
: even greater.
- Unless we should embark on the sea of irre
deemable and worthless paper there would
| be no escape from the necessity of maintain
| ing a heavy silver reserve; and this reserve
J could be obtained only by the sale of bonds—
the very method so furiously denounced when
employed for maintenance of the gold reserve.
From * the disorders that would attend the
I loss of the present standard I shrink with ap
; prehension and alarm, and I must, as a citizen
J and as a Democrat, condemn that departure
i from the principles and practices of the party
| which threatens so dire a result. > The conse
i quences of such a change would be catas
trophic. Such violent alteration of contracts
and credits, ot debts and values, carrying with
it reduction of the purchasing power of wages,
| could not take place without general disaster.
The mere thought of the consequences of such
' transfer of our money from one j metal to the
I other, upon a ratio so false, cannot be enter
tained without deepest alarm. .
IULAREE GRAIN SIEVES.
Henry and Theodore Beaver Arrtstsd
for Stealing Wheat.
TULARE, Cai», Aug. -s.— Henry and
Theodore Bearer were arrested last night,
six miles west of Tulare, on a charge of
stealing fifty-one sacks of wheat and fifty
new grain bass. The stolen wheat was
the property of J. F. Harding of the Chi
cago Ranch. The Bearers : hid the wheat
two weeks ago in a atrawstack. Harding
came to town and notified City Marshal
Carlisle, and Constable Tompkins. To
gether they went oat and .located the
wheat where the Beavers had cached it.
For nearly two week 3 they lay in . wait
for the thieves. The brothers appeared
last night, loaded the wheat onto a wagon
and 1 drove off. Carlisle and Tompkins
followed and made the arrest. The team,
the wheat and the Beavers were driven to
Tuiare. where the boys are now confined
in the city jail-
Henry Beaver is married, having a wife
and one child living at Lemoore, in "Kings
County. They are ranchers, and claim to
be : destitute. Both admit their guilt and
will so plead. Oscar Beaver, who was
killed by Chris Evans at Visalia on Au
gust 5, 1592. was a brother of the 'j prison
ers. Henry Beaver was tried and acquit
ted in Tulare County on December 7, 13*6.
on a charge' of ; killing C. S. Hayes, then
editor of the Tracer Tidings.
Z'nnojc's Will Filed at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— The will of
the lite Matthew Lennox, one or the early
settlers of . Yolo County, who recently died
at his home near BabbelSibugn, was filed
in the Superior Court to-day for probate.
The estate is valued at 130,000, and is dis
tri bated to his widow, son and four other
hei rs. ; Mrs. Mary Ann Lennox ■ is named
as executrix. ■ \ . .
- ... ■■ ■ . -, m ■_
Xttpa Glove Factory Closed.
' N APA, Cal., Aug. s.— Raymond 4
Williams', glove factory : has been closed,
throwing sixty people out of employment,
because .of the r. demoralised condition of
the market due to the uncertainty of tie
political outlook.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
FAIL TO BREAK
THE DEADLLOCK.
Stormy Convention of Sixth
District Democrats at
Ventura.
BAR PATTON PROXIES.
Adjournment to Los Angeles Is
Taken Amid a Storm of
Hisses.
COSIBOLLID BY EAIIHOAD MES
They Prevent the Los Angeles Editor's
Nomination, Ta:ogh He Has a
Majority.
VENTURA. Cal., Aug. s.— The Demo
cratic convention of the Sixth Congres
sional District, which has been in session
in this city for two days, adjourned this
afternoon to meet in Los Angeles on
August 17. The Rose- Patton deadlock re
mained unbroken, as shown on the record
of the secretary, while, in fact, it waa
fairly beaten by a majority vote of 37 for
Patton to 35 for Rose, Patton' s majority
coming from Santa Cruz and Los Angeles
counties on telegraphic proxies from ab
sent delegates.
The proxy of Georjje Hartman of Santa
Cruz, certified to by Senator Bart burke
and Charles Caasin. waa smothered in the
committee on credentials, of which J.
Marion Brooks was chairman. The Los
Angeles proxy of George Arbackle was re
fused recognition when a revoking order
from Rose to Patton, certified to by two
witnesses, was received and the deadlock
continued.
The convention was called to order ac
9:30 o'clock this morning and further
time granted the committee on creden
tials in which to verify the proxies. A: 1
o'clock in the afternoon the convention
reconvened, and before a call for the re
port of the committee on credentials
could be made. Cooper of Santa Barbara
moved that an adjournment be taken
until August 17, at Loa Angeles. This
scheme, waich was organized by Thomas
McCaffrey, train dispatcher for the
Southern Pacific Raiload at Loa Angeles,
broug i out a storm of applause from the
Psttoa delegation, Oct without avail, as
Chairman Merritt of Monterey and Sec.
retary Ramish of Los Angeies proceeded
with the rollcali, which resulted in the
motion carrying by a vote of 3t> ayes to 34
noes.
McCaffrey voted on the revoked proxy
of Arbuckie. T. O. Toiand, amid »reat
excitement, challenged the vote and de
no«nced McCaffrey. J. W. Mitchell came
to the rescue with the point of order that
the proxy as revoked Lad not been paaaed
upon.
Thi3 was ruled upon as a point well
taken, and an attempt was made by J.
Marion Brooks, J. W. Mitchell and others
to have the convention declared ad
journed.
Amid the confusion George S. Patton
got the floor and secured the attention of
the convention. For twenty minutes ha
denounced the attempted snap-judgment,
which in effect deprived a legitimate ma
jority of its rights. He was cheered re
peatedly by the spectators in the galleries,
who were in symoathy with him. Ia
closing he asked the convention if it in
tended to nominate a Democrat or a
dummy to be knocked down by Hunting
ton. If the convention was to be man
aged as the personal property of Co Ilia P.
Huntington, now doing dirty politics on
the floor, he said he served notice on them
that they would not be able to deliver tha
goods next November. He was in this
light to win, and would neither give nor
accept quarter from the Southern Pacific
Railroad, which was now overriding a
legitimate majority in order to compass
his defeat.
Protests were of no avail, and Chairmaa
Merritt declared the motion to adjourn
carried while a storm of hisses mingled
with a few cheers.
The Rose deiesation at once filed out of
the hall, leaving the Patton men in their
seats. T. O. Toiand called for a caucus of
the thirty-five remaining and the two dis
puted proxies, which was held in secret in
the Anacapa Hotel. As a result of their
deliberations it waa decided to stand as
one mm and tight it out in Los Angeles,
Patton refusing to accept the suggestion
that he be nominated by the thirty-sevea
votes in hand. Great indignation ia ex
pressed on ail sides at what ia termed a
barefaced attempt at fraud. Patton dur
ing the course of nis speech absolved Hon.
L. J. Rose of the suspicion of having any
part in the sharp practice and denounced
McCaffrey as the paid hireling of the rail
road, which sousrht the political life of an
honoraole man to advance its political in
terests.
It waa the most exciting convention
ever held in the Sixth District. No at
tempt was made to conceal the fact that
the Southern Pacific employes held the
organization in their grasp.
SONO MA'S SHT DEMOCRATS.
Candidates for the November Sacrifice
.'. Are Few in dumber.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. There
will be a McKinley and Hobart Club ia ;
every city, town and hamlet in Sonoma
County before -August passes. O. O. '•
Weber, chairman of the county organiza
tion' committee, has visited most of the
surrounding towns in person, and the
campaign of education has begun in <
earnest.; c Congressman J. A. Barbara and •
Duncan E. McKinlay have made the tour ;
with Mr. Weber, and the eloquence of the '
first two gentlemen, combined with the j
executive ability of ; Weber, .have made
thair trip successful in the higUest degree.
Only a few 'years 'ago "'oia Sonoma" ;
was ' the banner Democratic county of the ,
State. ; Then the only tight was over the f
! Democratic nomination, which, was j2
equivalent to election ; now it takes the
persuasive eloquence of the entire County
Committee, including Chairman A. D.
Laughlin, to induce the timid candidate
to sacrifice himself for the good of the
party. There is a painful bashfulness
among the two score lawyers of-Demo
cratic persuasion in this place when the
subject of running for Superior Judge is
mentioned, and it may be necessary to
import a pair of legal lights to make the
run against Messrs. Dougherty and Craw
ford.
SOUINE IS FOR BRY AN.
The Senator Vrges His Constituents to
rote for Free Silver.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. s.— Under the
auspices of the Henry M. Teller Club the
free-silver Republicans of this city rati
fied to-night the nominations of Bryan
and Sewall. About 400-0 people were pres
ent. Dr. G. V. Calhoun.a Harrison Presi
dential elector, presided.
The sensation of the evening came in a
telegram from United States Senator Wat
. son C. Squire, in which he declared for
Bryau and free coinage of silver. The
message, as read by Colonel George C
Lyon, the veteran editor, was as follows:
.New York, Aug. 5. 1896.
To Dr. V. G. Calhoun, President Teller Club,
Seattle, Wash.: 1 take my stand with the
friends of silver and heartily indorse the plat
iorm adopted at the conference of bimetallists
in Tacoma June 30. As a necessary sequence
1 shall support Bryan for President.
The money question is the paramount
issue of the campaign; all others can be
held in abeyance. I believe that the
growth of gold monometallism is the chief
cause of the continued falling ot prices that is
creating so much distress, and that if the
monometallic policy be persisted in the re
sult will be general bankruptcy and ruin.
It will be better for us to suffer some
ri>ks and losses rather taan inflict so much,
greater losses upon ourselves and our chil
dren at a later day, when creditors debt
ors and the interests of laDor will go down
"in one common and universal ruin If we do
r.ot proceed wisely beforehand to avoid sush
great disaster. Therefore I trust that the
friends of .silver will patriotically unite
in one common cause, regardless of
previous party ties, and work for the speedy
remonctization of silver in this country, which,
if accomplished, will do more than can be done
in aYiy other way to effect silver remonetiza
tion throughout the world.
I have beeu detained in the East by import
ant business and in attending to the interests
of my constituents. It is my intention to pro
ceed to the State of Washington as soon as pos
si Die to bear my share of the burdens of the
coming campaign, which I think is one of the
most important if not the most important in
the history of this country. I bid godspeed
to the cause of the people.
Watson C. Squire.
Speeches were nude by Hon. George
Turner and Attorney-General W. C. Jones,
of Spokane; Hon. A. J. Blethenof Minne
apolis; Colonel George G. Lyon and Hon.
John WiJey, of Seattle.
SEBASTOPOL McKINLETITEN.
Congressman Barham Speaks to an En
thusiastic Audience.
KP:BASTOPOL,'CaI., Aug. s.— The local
McKinley and Hobart Club held a rousing
meeting to-night. The large and en
thusiastic audience was evidently in full
accord with the sentiments expressed by
the speakers, and the frequent applause
was generous to a degree. Duncan E.
McKinlay delivered a thoughtful and in
structive address on the issues of the
coming election. In his forceful way he
demonstrated the need of bimetaliism,
and proved to the satisfaction of the
audience that through the known relia
bility of the Republican party only could
the relief be obtained. The addresses of
Mr. McKinlay are not merely superficial
couplings of glittering phrases, but are
based upon profound study of economic
questions, and though possessing all the
Krace of the finished elocutionist Mr. Mc-
Kinlay's speech to-night was more notice
able for its logical force tban for the
manner of its delivery.
Hpn. J. A. Barbam followed in one of
his characteristic speeches. He handled the
subject of the United States building the
Nicaragua canal in a way never before
heard in Sebastopol, showing the benefit
that would accrue to the people of this
State from its completion. In a brief his
tory of the Republican party Judge Bar
ham demonstrated that the greatest meas
ures and the only reforms had been se
cured by the party of Lincoln and Mc-
Kinley.
Mention of the Republican standard
bearers' names was enough to provoke
tumultuous applause. After heavy cheers
for protection and McKinley the meetiug
adjourned.
SEATILE'S PARSON-POLITICIAN.
J'ev. Clark Darts Bolts the Prohibition
Ticket for Bryan.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. s.— Rev. Clark
Davis, one of the ablest divines in this
State and a member of the National Com
mittee and chairman of the State Com
mittee of the Prohibition party, has
bolted, resigning both positions, and in a
letter, made public to-day, declares for
Bryan and the free coinage of silver. In
part Rev. Davis says:
After a careful investigation, to my mind, a
continuance of an unjust policy which, from
its very nature, mußt and does result in vast
social iniquities, which makes a millionaire
by the same process which produces a pauper,
■which gives luxury and plenty to the few and
forces want and misrey upon the many, must
be changed or this Republic cannot stand.
Toiling millions are becoming tenants and
tramps. Women and children are forced to go
out to serve, to aid husband and father to earn
a livelihood. Even religion is paralyzed, our
churches hopelessly in debt and people dis
couraged. More, a declaration next Novem
ber.ior free coinage of silver will be a reasser
tion of the spirit of 1776, which made this Re
public possible.
I believe that the very issue of popular gev
erumeut is at stake in this campaign. Defeat
will open the way to a dark chapter in the
history of this Republic, which all of us hope
and pray will never 2>e reached.
1 cannot conscientiously support Joshua
Levering of Baltimore, our candidate for
President. He has openly declared himselt in
favor of the gold standard, and has publicly
invited gold Democrats of the East to vote for
him. But to-day, for this greatest of all con
tents, I take my stand under the banner of
William J. Bryan and am willing to follow his
lead to victory or defeat.
CARSON'S REPUBLICAN RALLY.
Rousing McKinley Demonstration in
the Silver Movement's Birthplace.
CARSON, Nev., Aug. s.— Republicans of
Carson held a rousing rally last night
Supreme Judge Bigelow delivered what
was probably the best financial speech ever
made in. Nevada. He was followed 'by ex-
Secretary O. H. Grey, ex-Governor Col
cord and others. A National Republican
Club was formed, pledged to support the
candidates nominated by tbe Republican
Convention. E. D. Vanderleits, secretary
of the committee on organization, gave a
report which strongly supports the St.
Louis platform, and says in part:
The charge that we are inconsistent in *ur>
rorting the Republican candidates for Presi
dent and Vice-President and indorsing the
National Republican platform is not well
founded. While we still proclaim our devo
tion to the fause of silver, we believe a ma
jority should rule and are willing to accept
for the time being the doctrine of in ternational
bimetallism, to whicn our party pledges its
Bupport and which, from our point of view, is
far less inconsistent tban the actions of apos
tate Republicans in not only accepting, but
adopting a platform which declares ior a tariff
for revenue without protection, and in sup
porting a Presidential candidate who declares
himself an absolute tree-trader.
SILTERITER AT POCATELED.
Senators Cannon and Dubois Tendered
a Public Reception.
POCATELLO, Idaho, Aug. 5.— A public
reception was held here to-night in honor
of Senators Dubois of Idaho and Cannon
of Utah. The opera-house was too small
to contain the audience. On the stage
were about an equal number of Demo
crats, Populists and Republicans. Silver
speeches were made by Thomas Terrell
(D.), Frank Walton (Pop.), Colonel Fer
guson (Rep.) and Senators Dabois and
Gannon. Surrounded by National colors ,
on the stage was a large portrait of W. J.
Bryan. Singing and music were sr.pplied
by the Glee Club and Gate City silver band.
Senator Cannon said that it was not
enough to elect only Bryan, but that Con
gress must be composed of silver advo
cates. The speakers were frequently in
terrupted by applause. A large number
of visitors from other portions of the State
attended the reception, and a ball and re
ception in the Senator's honor followed at
the pavilion.
SAN JOSE CAMPAIGN WORK.
Republican Clubs to Be Organized.
Throughout Santa Clara County.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. s.— At the meet
ing of the Republican League to-morrow
evening a permanent organization will be
effectea and officers elected. Hon. Tirey
L. Ford of San Francisco will deliver an
address. The question of county oreani
zation will be fully discussed and steps
taken to form auxiliary clubs in every
town in the county. It is also proposed
to organize a uniformed flambeau club
among the younger members of the
league. Alter the various auxiliary clubs
of the league have been organized
throughout the county it is proposed to
hold a convention of the clubs in this city,
at which many prominent speakers will
be in attendance. The league has a mem
bership of over a hundred and is rapidly
increasing.
Silver itally at Carson.
CARSON, Nev., Aug. s.— The opening
gun of the silver campaign in OrmsDy
County was fired to-night at the opera
house. Frank Newlands, candidate for
Congress, spoke to an audience which
packed the building. Sam Davis, editor
of the Appeal, acted as president of the
meeting and in the list of vice-presidents
were many old-line Republicans who have
come out for silver. The most noticeable
was Hon. William Woodburn, who once
ran against Newlands for Congress. He
occupied a seat on the platform, ar.d has
announced his intention of speaking for
Newlands before the campaign is over.
The Sixth District Campaign.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Aug. s.— The
Young Men's Republican League has been
quietly but energetically at work per
fecting its organization throughout this
county and the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict. It is organizing affiliated clubs in
every town and village, and will prove a
potent factor in bringing about a sweeping
victory for protection and sound money.
The league will send able organizers all
over the country, and, through its numer
ous clubs, see that the best and most
effective campaign literature is placed in
the hands of every voter.
Leonardson Talks at Orange.
ORANGE, Cal., Aug. s.— Rev. E. Leon
ardson, organizer for the Prohibition party
in Los Angeles County, delivered the first
speech of the campaign in this neighbor
hood from the steps of the City Hall last
night. Notwithstanding that Orange is a
prohibition town and that the speaker
handled his subject ably, he failed to raise
much enthusiasm for his party.
Healdsburg's McKinley Club.
HEALDSiiURG, Cal., Aug. 5.— A Mc-
Kinley and Hobart ciub was organized in
this city last night with a membership of
over 100. E. G. Hall was elected president,
L. Meyer secretary and E. G. Hall, N. B.
Coffman and G. W. Wolcott as an execu
tive committee. The Republicans of
Healcsburg are enthusiastic and will
wage an aggressive campaign. ,
Kern County Populists Ratify.
BAKERSFIED, Cal., Aug. s.— The
nominations of Bryan and Watson were
ratified this evening by tbe Populists of
this county. J. W. P. Laird and E. J.
Eminons. prominent local members ot the
party, were the principal speakers. Bryan
and 16 to 1 were applauded.
MRS, ABBEY'S TROUBLES
Seeks Divorce on the Ground of
Cruelty and Abandon*
ment.
Declares the Operatic Manager Can
Eas^y Afford to Pay $ioo a
Week Alimony.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. s.— Mrs. F.
G. Abbey has brought an action fora legal
separation from her husband, Henry E.
Abbey of Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau, the
theatrical managers. The ground of com
plaint is cruelty and abandonment. Papers
were served on Abbey on July 28, but the
matter was kept secret until to-day, when
a notice was tiled in the Supreme Court
that on August 10 the plaintiff's counsel
would make application for $100 a week
alimony and $50 counsel fee.
In the complaint, which was tiled in the
Supreme Court, Mrs. Abbey declares that
her husband abandoned her on April 15,
1896. She says that he left her in destitute
circumstances and has not since contrib
uted to her support. The business of Ab
bey, Scnoeffel & Grau is. to be continued,
she declares, and her husband gets a sal
ary of $10,000 a year, from which he should
be able to contribute to her support.
Mrs. Abbey was formerly Miss Florence
Gerard, and was well known in theatrical
circles, Sho married Mr. Abbey in No
vember, 1892.
SWE LLERING WE STHER.
Many Cases of Prostration at Chicago
and St. Louis.
CHICAGO, 111, Aug. s.— To-day was
the hottest Chicago has seen this season,
and before the middle of the afternoon
the thermometer had registered 95
degrees and between twenty-five and
fifty people had been picked up overcome
by the heat. Many cases were bad, but
none fatal. Sickness is being produced,
and unless there is a speedy change in the
weather great mortality is expected. Jo
seph Lapham,a well-known leather and
shoe findings dealer, was the first to die
from the heat. He was conscious yester
day, and died to-day from a paralytic
stroke induced by the warm weather.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. s.— This was an
other exceedingly not day hare. At 7
a. m. thermometers registered 85 degrees,
and at 5 p. m. 98 degrees was recorded.
Sunstrokes are less frequent, owing to the
dry atmosphere. Five cases were treated
at the city dispensary. Thomas Hope
well, residence unknown, was picked up
at the corner of Center and Market streets
and treated at the dispensary. He died
this evening. The other cases are not
serious. The local weather forecast is for
coptinued warm weathei till Thursday
evening.
Congresnional dominations.
LOWELL, Mass., Aug. s.— The Demo
cratic Congressional tight in this district
has been simplified by the withdrawal of
ex-Mayor George Fifield. His opposition
to the financial plank in the Chicago plat
form caused him to repudiate the ticket.
Neither doe? he favor McKinley. This
leaves Jeremiah O'Suilivan of Lawrence
as the only pronounced candidate.
MDNCIE, Ind., Aug. s.— Tne Eighth
District Democratic Congressional Com
mittee met here to-day and indorsed John
R. Brunt of Madison County, the Populist
candidate.
OTTUMWA, lowa, Aug. 5. -Major John
F. Lacey was unanimously nominated to
day for another term in Congress by the
Republicans of the Sixth District.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
FUSIQNISTS ARE
IN THE MINORITY,
Democrats Disappointed by
the Populistic State
Conventions.
HARD FIGHT IN TEXAS.
West Virginians Utterly Refuse
to Recognize Bryan's
Supporters.
EVEN KANSAS YET IN DOUBT.
Nebraska People's Party Advocates
Insist on Filling Out Their
, Own Ticket.
. GALVESTON.Tex., Aug. s.— The better
portion of the day was spent by the Popu
list State Convention listening to addresses
by "Stump" Ashby, Melvin Wade, "Cy
clone" Davis and other prominent speak
ers of the Populist campaign.
The temporary organization was not
perfected until nearly noon, and the cre
dentials committee required so much
time to attend to the affairs that came be
fore it tnat the convention spent the after
noon listening to the orators.
At 5 p. m. the credentials committee
sent word to the temporary chairman, Mr.
Burnett of Kerr County, thai it would be
unable to until 8 p. m., and an ad
journment was taken till then.
Two hours of the night session were
taken up in a fight over the adoption of
the report of the committee on order of
business. The platform will not be
reached before to-morrow.
The platform as prepared by the com
mlttee passes over tne St. Louis conven
tion without reference to the candidates,
the platform adopted there being merely
indorsed. At a late hour to-ni?ht the con
vention was still wrangling over the report
of the committee on order of business.
NEBRASKA POPULISTS.
They Appoint a Committee to Confer
With Democratic Emissaries.
HASLIN, Nebr., Aug. 5. — The morning
session of the Populist convention neld
here to-day was devoted to the selection of
temporary officers and the usual commit
tees.
A. H. Wier of Lincoln was chosen as
temporary chairman and F. E. Eger as
secretary. There were no contesting dele
gations.
At the afternoon session, after the com
mittee on rules and order of business had
reported, Captain P. H. Barry offered the
following: "Resolved that the matter of
selecting Presidential electors be referred
to the executive committee of the State
Central Committee under such instruc
tions as shall be contained in the resolu
tions to be presented by that committee."
Porter of Merrick County objected to
leaving so important a matter to so small
a committee ana moved to amend by sub
stituting "central committee" for "execu
tive committee." The amendment was
accepted and, after some warm discussion,
adopted.
Proceeding with the regular order of
business, Governor Holcomb was renomi
nated by acclamation under suspension
of the rules. While the committee was
out to notify Governor Holcomb of his
nomination, the convention heard a couple
of humorous songs by some Hastings
ladies, after which the rules were again
suspended and John C. Harris of Omaha
County was nominated by acclamation for
Lieutenant-Governor.
Governor Holcomb was escorted to the
platform and spoke for half an hour, his
speech being on state issues.
Upon the convention being informed
that a committee from the Democratic
State Central Committee was in the city
asking for a conference with a like com
mittee from tbe convention, it was moved
that a Committee be appointed and that
further action be suspended until the com
mittee reported. The motion was carried
and an adjournment taken until 9 p. m.
The convention reconvened at 9:30 p. m.
The committee appointed to confer with a
committee from the Democrats reported
that the Democrats asked that the nomin
ations of candidates for Treasurer and
Attorney-General be passed. The report
was made without recommendation.
After an hour's discussion C J. Smyth,
chairman of the Democratic State Central
Committee, sent in a communication
withdrawing the Democrats' request for
representation upon the State ticket.
W. F. Porter received a majority of the
votes cast and was declared the nominee
of the convention for Secretary of State.
The platform as adopted Indorses the
action of the St. Louis convention ; ap
proves the course of Senator Allen in
standing for the masses; approves the
administration of Governor Holcomb;
fayors mutual and fraternal, fire, life and
accident insurance, and also favors the
valued policy insurance law.
DON'T WANT TO FUSE.
West Virginia Populists Prefer to Go It
Alone.. ■ . . . ; .
PARKERSBUKG, W.Va., Aug. The
Populist convention met at 10 o'clock this
morning, selected its committees and. ; ad
journed until 3p. M., when it reconvened.
Colonel James Bassell ;of ; Lewis < County
was elected permanent chairman, and J.
H. Offffer secretary. , After the election of
six electors, the convention, by vote of
counties, recommended Hon. I. C. . Ralph
snyder, one of ■ the probable Democratic
nominees for Governor, to the Democrats,
who will meet at Wheeling on the 12th.
After wrangling for fully three hours, : the
convention adjourned until 3 p.m. ;..'..
-.'■- In the evening the following State officers
were nominated: Auditor, T. G. Miller of
Hun tington ; ; ; Treasurer, I. ■0. • Offner ;• of
Barbour; Attorney-General, ;I. H. Lynch
of Spencer. '
The middle-of-the-road men are fighting
against a resolution conferring upon the
executive committee power to fuse I with
the Democrats.
PENNSYLVANIA COMBINATION.
People's Party Leaders Heady to Aid
Democracy's Cause.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Aug. 5.-The State
convention of the People's party as
sembled this morning. State Chairman
Thompson presided. Tbe usual commit
tees were appointed and the convention
recessed until after noon.
The convention will nominate two can
didates for Congressmen at large. It is
probable that a committee will be selected
to confer with the Democrats, and that in
the end the Populists will vote for Bryan
and Sewall electors, with the understand
ing that if elected the electors will treat
Watson fairly.
This afternoon the platform committee
made its report. It was ordered that fu
sion with the Democratic Presidential
electors be brought about if possible, but
if the Populist advances are rejected the
executive committee is to select men to
run for Bryan and Watson. The initiative
and referendum are demanded. The cur
rency plank condemns the repeal of the
Sherman act without the substitution of a
free-coinage law, and asserts the panic of
1893 was brought about by a conspiracy of
bankers to force the repeal of the Sher
man act and the issue of bonds. The final
clause declares that if the Democrats de
sire the support of the Populists they
must get rid of the traitors to free silver
among the leaders of the party,
J. E. Ailnian of Juniata County and J.
P. Correll, editor of the Easton Call, were
named for Congressman at large after a
motion to fuse with the Democrats on one
candidate had been rejected.
J. E. Leslie of McKeesport was unani
mously selected State chairman. The
executive committee will select the elec
toral candidates. The convention then
adjourned.
DISSENSION IN KANSAS.
Middle-of-the~Road Men Will Apt Itela
to I'usionists.
ABILENE, Kans., Aug. s.— The People's
party State convention was called to order
in a flimsy shed packed with swelterihg
humanity. Judge Dennison wa3 elected
chairman. Theconuention adjourned un
til the afternoon, as the delegates were
scarcely able to breathe. A strong fight
will come up between the fusionists.and
the "middle-of-the-road" people. The out
come cannot be foretold. The "middle
of-the-road" men say that they lost the
battle in St. Louis, but they intend to op
pose fusion with the Democrats at home.
When the convention assembled for the
afternoon session the temporary organiza
tion was made permanent. The commit
tee on order of business recommended
that tbe convention at once appoint a
conference committee of fourteen mem
bers to confer with the committee ap
pointed by the Democratic convention at
Hutchinson yesterday to decide upon a
plan for fusion of the two parties. It was
agreed that as soon as the conference com
mittees reported an agreement and sub
mitted a report that an electoral ticket
would be at once nominated. Tbe com
mittee was appointed and the committee
on resolutions announcing that it was not
ready to report the convention proceeded
to nominate a candidate for Governor.
At the evening session, after the first bal
lot was announced, the convention sent
for the candidates, each of whom deliv
ered a five-minute speech. The second
ballot was then taken. Senator J. W.
Leedy was nominated on tbe fourth bal
lot.
TO NAME THE THIRD TICKET
Sound Money Democrats Xow Hastening
to Indianapolis.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. s.— The
joint committee of the Commercial Club
and Board of Trade, appointed for the
purpose of assisting to entertain the Pro
visional National Committee of the Sound
Money Democracy, met tnia afternoon to
complete details. It was shown that
about 300 distinguished Democrats will be
here on Friday to be present at the com
mittee meeting. The joint committee
will have ready for presentation detailed
information showing the capacity of the
city in taking care of crowds and guar
anteeing ample funds to cover the ex
penses ot the members.
The members of the Sound Money ex
ecutive committee are expected to arrive
to-morrow afternoon and a meeting will
be held to-morrow evening to look over
the correspondence and make up the cre
dentials of the members of tbe National
Committee. The certainty that a National
convention will be called has brought
about considerable gossip as to tbe proba
ble candidates. Mr. Bynum, who has
been mentioned for the Presidency, laughs
at tbe suggestion and says he is not to be
considered. The men most talced of are
General Palmer of Illinois, Mr. Carlisle
and Mr. Wilson, Postmaster General. In
case General Palmer or some other North
ern man is made the nominee, there is lit
tle doubt that General Buckner of Ken
tucky will be named for Vice-President,
His record as a Democrat is strong and
clear and there is tbe best reason to be
lieve his name on the ticket would save
Kentucky to the Honest Money Democ
racy.
SOUAD MONEY MEN DOUBTFUL.
Opinion Divided as to Whether to Xom
inate a Third Party Ticket.
CHICAGO, 111.. Aug. s.— National
headquarters of the Sound Money Demo
cracy were transferred to-night from the
Palmer House and will be opened in
Indianapolis to-morrow, for the con
ference of tne provisional National Com
mittee, which is to decide the question of
calling a convention to adopt a new plat
form and nominate a Presidential ticket.
The declaration of Bourke Cockran
against another ticket, and the silence of
President and his Cabinet, have tended to
create a divided sentiment &s to the ad
visability of making another nomination.
The opinion of local leaders is that there
is no certainty of the representatives of
thirty-six or more States, who will be at
Indianapolis, joining unanimously in a
call for a National convention, which will
prelude a nomination for President and
Vice- President.
United States Senator John M. Palmer,
tbe Illinois National Committeeman ;
Charles A. Ewing, chairman of the State
executive committee; ex-Congressman
Forman, ex- Mayor Hopkins of Chicago
and Judge Hoblitt will go to Indianapolis
from this State. Henry S. Robbins, the
Illinois member of tbe National executive
committee, who has been in charge of the
worn here most of the time since the Au
ditorium conference, was compelled on
account of overwork to abandon his inten
tion of going and left for the East. Ho
said:
movement for the nomination of a
third ticket had developed far beyond the
expectation of the committee. It is certain
that a convention will be held about Sep
tember 1, which convention will be na
tional in character and will name a third
National ticket."
Preparing a Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. s.— The Sound
Money Democrats of St. Louis regularly
opened their campaign this evening. A
well-attended mass-meeting, presided over
by Colonel James O. Broadhead, was held
at Chatswortb Hall. Tue committee on
resolutions indorsed President Cleve
land's admimst ration and tbe financial
v tterances of Jefferson. The executive
committee of the city and the Kansas
Cit y committee will to-morrow hold a
joint meeting to issue tbe formal call for
t be State convention of the Sound Money
Democracy. The convention will be held
here between August 15 and 20,
THE CAMPAIGN
IN NEBRASKA,
First Large Republican
Gathering Held in
Lincoln.
BRYAN SCORED AT HOME.
Hon. Roswell P. Horr of New
York Makes the Initial
Address.
SILVER QUESTION DISCUSSED.
McKinley's Election Means Sound
Money, Revived Industries, Na
tional Honor.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. s.— Nebraska's
most interesting and important political
campaign began to-day in Lincoln. That
Lincoln realized the importance of the
occasion was clearly shown and political
discussion has waged fast and furious, de-
SDite the torrid heat, from Mr. Bryan's
home on D street to the postoffice square
in tbe business section. Whatever their
political affiliations, the people of Lin
coln take great pride in the fact that from
among their fellow-citizens two candi
dates for the Presidency of the United
States have been selected. Mr. Bentley,
the National candidate of the silver Pro
hibitionists, is, like Mr. Bryan, a resident
of the little capital city. With the
rumored prospect of another Nebraskan,
J. Sterling Morton, beading a second
Democratic ticket, the cup of Lincoln's
political happiness is that condition where
it should secure a mate.
Delegates to the convention of the State
League of Republican Club 3 met here to
day and held a lively session. In the
evening Hon. R. P. Horr of New York,
formerly a Michigan Congressman and a
well-known orator, opened the campaign
in behalf of tbe Republican National Com
mittee at M-street Park. The convention
without delay developed a hot fight over
the selection of a president for the State
league. Omaha, Lincoln and Hastings had
candidates, and the Hastings man won,
much to the disgust of the Omaha contin
gent, who left the hall as soon as the re
sult was announced. The officers selected
were as follows :
President, William M. McCreay, Hast
ings, Adams County; vioe-president, John
R. Hays, Madison County; secretary, Ed
J. Moce, Harlan County; treasurer, P. J.
Hill, Saunders County. Delegates at large
to the National convention of the league
at Milwaukee— William P. Mcßeay, Ed J.
Mook, John L. Webster of Omaha and
Beman R. Dawes of Lincoln.
Mr. Horr opened his speech with a
tribute to the protection policy of the Re
publican party and a denunciation of
Democratic free trade. He discussed the
history of money, sketching the progress
of its use from early days, and in conclu
sion made some references to Mr. Bryan
as a candidate. After painting a vivid
picture of the financial disaster which he
predicted would follow the adoption of
free coinage, he said :
Gold wouid cease to be used as the currency
of the country. It would simply be bought
and sold as a commodity. The silver men
generally admit that such would be the re
snlt, but they insist that a nation can be
blessed by degrading its currency in that way.
Nothing but ruin can follow any nation which
attempts to bless its people by degrading its
circulating medium. To-day we have seven
or eight kinds of money, and under the Re
publican party every dollar of that money is
of equal value. Adopt this system in the
tinned States and you would diminish the
currency over $600,000,000. You would lose
the confidence of the world, destroy the busi
ness integrity of our people aiid bring nothing
but ruin to the business interests of the Na
tion. This whole theory is based upon the
idea that the world can be blessed by permit
ting people to pay their debts with money less
valuable than the money iv which these loans
were contracted, and they utterly| (ig
nore the fact that this great army
of people who earn money would be
ruined by such a process. The wage-earners
of the United States will never agree to such a
policy. If these financiers are correct, wisdom
has recently, for the first time, struck the
planet. These theories are entirely at variance
with the doctrine held by all the wise men of
the past.
This is a serious question. No wonder the
Democratic party is repudiating the nomina
tion made at Chicago. That party has in it a
large number of men who are patriots, not
partisans, and Democrats of that stamp will
not vote to have this nation given over into
the bands of the repudiator. The doctrine of
the Chicago platform not only indicates free
trade and free silver, but it largely smacks of
socialism and tastes of anarchy. It would have
the country governed by mob law, and it would
strike dow& the most sacred safeguard of the
Nation, the Supreme Court of the United States.
In conclusion I want to call the attention of
the people of this vicinity to one fact. Did it
ever occur to you that we are about to elect a
man to fill the office of President of the United
States? Do you Jtnow that the man elected is
to occupy the chair once held by Washington,
Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln and Grant. The
seat was aspired to by such men as Clay, Web
ster and Tilden.
The people of the Nation are going to be a
little particular about who occupies that seat,
and in November next they will say to your
good townsman, Mr. Bryan: 'Bub, don't at
tempt to fill that chair. You are a nice little
boy: you make nice little speeches, sonny;
but the people of this country propose that
that chair be occupied by a man of more ma
ture age, character and experience— a man
who is well known as an embodiment of good
and great principles here throughout this
country." That man is Majoi McKinley. His
election wtll mean safety, sound money, re
vived industries, National credit and National
honor.
While the Republican Leaguers were en
gaged in heated discussion Candidate
Bryan was trying to keep cool at his house
on D street. Mr. Bryan spent a quiet day.
In the evening he drove down to the rail
way station and met Governor and Mm.
Aitgeld, who passed through Lincoln en
route to Glenwood Springs, Colo. Mr.
Bryan and the Governor had a talk over
campaign affairs. Governor Altgeld'n only
answer to a question as to whether Mr.
Bryan had said anything about appoint
ing him Attorney-General in the event of
Democratic success, was a smile. Hon.
Richard P. Bland is not going to visit Mr.
Bryan in Lincoln. He wired the nominee
that it was too hot to travel, but he and
Mrs. Bland would meet Mr. and Mrs.
Bryan at Chicago and go to New York
with them.
PROTECTION THE ISSUE.
Populists J.ren in Nebraska Deserting
Bryan's Standard.
WASHING rON, D. C, Aug..5.-Ca*un-
cey F. Black and Mr. Kerr. ex-clerk of
the House, both distinguished Democrats
of . Pennsylvania, were to-day claiming
that the Democrats would have at least
eight of the Congressional districts in that
State after the next election instead of two
represented by Democrats in the Fifty
fourth Congress. The districts thus
claimed are the Thirteenth, Eighth, Twe
nty-sixth, Third, Seventeenth. Nineteenth
and the Scranton district. Both of these
gentlemen assert that the growth of the
free silver sentiment is something unpre
cedented, and that all the mining section
of Pennsylvania will give support to the
Democratic ticket hitherto unheard of in
the history of the politics of that State.
Representative Mercer, secretary of the
Republican Congressional campaign com
mittee, who has returned from Cape May,
found sufficient in his mail to justify the
jubilant expression he wore during the
greater part of the afternoon. "You
would probably not believe it unless you
understood the Populists of Nebraska as J
do," he said, "but the fact is a very vigor
ous tight is being waged against Mr. Bryan
by the Populists on the protection ques
tion alone. A great many letters have
reached here during my absence appealing
for protective tariff literature. Many of
these letters came from Populists whom I
know, and they are all opposing Bryan on
account of his free-trade proclivities. The
people of Nebraska believe in protection
and I believe that that issue will become
dominant before long. It certainly will
as soon as the people get over the spell
which has been thrown over them by tbe
free silver campaign that has been inaugu
rated with so much gusto in some sections
of the West. The fact that Mr. Bryan
represents a free-trade sentiment is not
helping his cause, even among those who
favor him on account of his monetary
views. It is a long time before election
Jay and many changes will come before
then. Every day sees the silver craze
growing less and lets brilliant in the
West."
AN ALL-NIGHT SESSION.
Missouri Democrats Cannot Agree on a
Candidate.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Aug. 5. -
Fifteen hundred delegates, alternates and
spectators were assembled in the hall of
the House of Representatives when Chair
man Cook called the State Democratic
Convention to order at noon to-day. The
weather was intensely hot.
Hon. James Gibson of Kansas City was
made temporary chairman. His address
was extremely diplomatic, and was re
ceived with applause by the friends of all
the candidates.
After the appointment of the usual
committees the convention took a recess
until 4 o'clock. The race for the nomina
tion for Governor was hot between L. V.
Stephens, Judge Gibson and David A.
Ball, with the chances strongly in favor of
Stephens.
At the close of Judge Gibson's speech
various committees were announced, after
which the convention took a recess until
afternoon.
In the evening the convention proceeded
to the nomination for Governor. Hon.
Leon V. Stephens, the present State Treas
urer, was nominated by acclamation. The
real battle of the convention, the nomina
tion for Lientenant-Governor, next came
up. The names of Judge Bolte of Frank
lin County, and Hon. John Lee and Lieu
tenant-Governor O'Meara, both of St.
Louis, were presented to tbe convention.
Much speechmaking preceded the first
ballot. When the second ballot was called
O'Meara's name was withdrawn. At 9
p. m. the second dallot was in progress
amid much confusion. When half the
counties were called it was apparent that
Judge Bolte would win, and Lee's follow
ers fought for time. The convention will
likely last until daylignt.
SENATOR THURSTON'S SPEECH.
Heard by an Immense Audience in Mil
waukee,
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Aug. s.— The big
Republican mass-meeting at tbe Exposi
tion building was one of the greatest po
litical gatherings ever called in this State.
The demonstration was held under the
management of tbe Wisconsin Republican
Editors' Association, and>2oo or 300 mem
bers of that organization attended it. Al
though the heat was intense, 3000 people
.veie in attendance. James G. Monahan,
the well-known Darlington editor, pre
sided over the meeting. The speakers of
the evening were Senator Thurston of Ne
braska, ex-Congressman Fowler of New
Jersey and ex-Congressman William E.
Mason of Illinois.
More than ordinary Interest was felt in
Senator Thurston's speech because he was
a Wisconsin boy. He once taught school
at Beaver Dam. It was 10:30 when he
took the platform and delivered a short
speech, under difficulties. As he began
speaking a severe thunderstorm made it
impossible for him to be heard, and as
crash after crash shook the large building
the audience became alarmed and many
left. Senator Thurston, who was very
hoarse, cut his remarks short. He said
that a gold piece whioh had been in tbe
catacombs of Rome was to-day as valuable
as it was at the beginning of the Christian
era. Gold had not and would not lose its
value. The boy orator, Bryan, the enemy
of this precious metal, would not be
elected in this country. People who Knew
him were certain of this. He prophesied
that Bryan would not carry his own State
nor his own county — not even his own
ward.
HAVE BURIED THE HATCHET.
Mark Hanna and Ex- Senator Platt on
Amicable Terms.
NEW YORK, N. V. s Aug. s.— Chairman
Hanna and ex-Senator Platt were in con
sultation at the Republican National head
quarters late this afternoon, and while
they were together the details for tbe
opening of the campaign in this State
were discussed and in part agreed to. They
decided that the National campaign in
this State will not be opened until after
the Republican State Convention, whicn
will be held August 24. The only contin
gency which may change the time of the
formal opening is the convenience of ex-
President Harrison, who is expected to
speak at the monster mass meeting. It
it is more convenient for him to speak at
an earlier date the meeting will not be de
ferred so long. The events of the day
strengthen tbe idea which has been pretty
thoroughly understood within the past
few days, but Mr. Hanna and Mr. Platt
are on the best terms, and that Mr. Hanna
expects tbe regular organization to do the
managing of tbe campaign. Mr. Hanna
called on Mr. Platt by request.
Mr. Potts Withdraws.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 5.-Benja
min C. Potts of Media, candidate for Con-
gressman-at-large on the Democratic
ticket, has written a letter to State Chair
man Wright I repudiating the • Democratic
National platform.
He states that if the State platform is
subordinate ;to . the National platform !he
wishes to withdraw from the State ticket.
Mr. Potts favors the nomination of -■ a Dem
ocratic sound money candidate.
•-"■■-•■■■■"-■• '■',"_' .' ' — •* * .'* *"". '". '. '.
Nearly 400,000,000 pounds of soap is used
in England yearly; • .
FATAL FIGHT OVER
ELECTION FRAUDS
Populists Behead a Dying
Democrat Who Insulted
Them.
BLOODY KETALIATION.
Shameless Juggling of Ballots
in the Black Belt of
Alabama.
SEVERAL MEN ABE WOUNDED.
Forty Thousand Votes Cast for the
People's Party Candidate
Miscarry.
OPELIKA, Ala., Aug. 5. — About 5
o'clock yesterday evening George Cumbie,
a Democrat, arrived at Five Points from
Fayette. on horseback, rode up to a crowd
discussing politics and yelled, '-Hurrah
for Johnson!"
This enraged James Trammell, a Popu
list, who shot Cumbie. While Cumbie
was lyin<s on the ground dying a Populist
gang cut his head from his body.
Young White and Frank Cumbie, Demo
crats, fired on them, and three Trammells
rfnd Sadie White, Populist", and George
Cumbie, Democrat, were killed. Milt
Trammell, Populist, was shot, and his
condition is unknown. James Trammell,
a Populist, is shot and die. Young
White, a Democrat, is seriously wounded.
FRAUD AT THE POLLS.
Goodwin's Defeat Encompassed by Sup
pressing the Black Vote.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Aug. s.— Frank
Baltzell, secretary of the Populist Cam
paign Committee, has published the fol
lowing card:
The election last Monday was characterized
by frauds more widespread than any previous
elections, and in the "Black Belt," in defiance
of law and in contempt for the opposition
which the law required should be recognized
by three to ten representatives at every poll.
Reports state that Dallas or some other
"Black Belt" counties will send up the usual
majority, which means that whatever ma
jorities may be needed from these counties
will be sent up next Saturday, when the votes
shall be canvassed.
The Popullstg are very much exasperated on
account of the wrongs practiced upon them,
and wili not support Bryau or tbe Democratic
electors. They will put out an electoral ticket
for Bryan and Watson, and the Democrats can
take down their ticket, vote that ticket or gee
100,000 votes practically lost. If this shall
not be done the Populists will refuse to vote
and let the silver Democrats work out their
destiny and repent their meanness.
Self-respect, manhood and civil liberty are
dearer to some people than free silver or any
other political issue.
Hon. A. T. Goodwin made a brilliant and
effective campaign, visiting nearly every
county and speaking 1 to the largest audiences
ever accorded a speaker in this State. He has
been elected by from 16,000 to IS.OOO majority
in the white counties and has received about
40,000 votes in the "Black Belt," but these
40,000 votes are counted for Johnson, giving
him a majority of about 25,000.
.\otninnted a Minister. •
GUTHRIE, O. T. t Aug. s.— The Popu
list Territorial Convention, after a red
hot contest lasting two days, to-night
nominated J. T. Callahan, a Methodist
minister, for Congress and the Democratic
Territorial Central Committee have agreed
to indorse him.
Prohibition Mextina.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. s.— The Prohibi
tionlsts of the Northwest are planning fo
a ratification meeting in Chicago, Augus
13, when Hale Johnson of Newton, 111.
will be notified of his nomination for Vice
President of the United States.
NEW TO-DAT. .
Don't throw money away!
Everybody is shouting "Bargains"— >
print. In the same papers you read of
bow these woodchopper tailors make their
I "bargains" in sweatshops on back alleys.
Better take warning; such "bargains"
are costly. ■
We offer this week 500 Men's All-Wool
Suits, very latest Fall styles, perfection of
fit and manufacture, finest fabrics, at
$10.00.
See our great display in windows.
i^Tsrsi-3S-35-a? KtAUWgy
Best attention to orders from the country.
demcnultyT
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND REUABLK SPE-
-1 clallst treats PR'VATE CHRONH AM)
NEB VOU9 DISEASES Or'MfcN ONLY. «•«•»•
Discharges; cares secret Blood «nd Mcm DM«*ses,
. Sore« and Swellings: S «™?l r D h D i", ' Imp *
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
- - He corrects the Secret Krrors of Youth and their
► tanfble effort*^ossof Vitality. Palpitation of th«
• Heart. Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Error*
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. •.■■-■■
He restores Lost vigor and Manly Power, re.
moves Deformities and re tores the ' Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused or Mer>
1 ennr and other Poisonous Drugs. ■ . . ■■■ ■■
DhMcNulty's methods are regular and scien-
> tific? He uses no patent nostrum* or ready-made
preparations, but the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
I vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
Selr trouble. Patient* cured at Home. Term*
re Honrs^9 to 3 delly; 6:80 to 8:80 evenings. Sun- *
days. 10 to 12 only. « Consultation free and •»
crediy confidential. Call on or address
P. ROSCOK McNULTY, M. D.,
; %V 4 Ken:-uy St., San Francisco, Cal-.
: - ■^■'Beware of stranger* who try to talk to y O9
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
\ They are cappers or •teerer*for»wladlln*;doetoia,AMERICANS ILL
IN CUBAN FORTS,
Consul-General Lee Moves
to Alleviate Their
Suffering.
ASKS FOR BETTER FOOD.
Also That Friends Be Allowed
Communication With the
Prisoners.
BATTLE LASTING FIVE HOURS.
Colonel Arcesas Reports the Capture
of a Rebel Stronghold by His
Command.
HAVANA, Cuba, Aug. s.— United States
Consul-General Lee bas resumed his
efforts to secure the transfer of the men
captured on the filibustering schooner
Competitor to better quarters. Several of
the prisoners are ill, and have requested
that they be supplied with food in better
quality than they have hitherto been
given. The Consul-General proposes that
the friends of the prisoners be allowed to
communicate* with them and procure
necessaries for the imprisoned men.
Sanchez Orrhuila and Pedro OTarrill
were shot at to-day, they having
been convicted of the crimes cf incendi
■rism anil rebellion.
Colonel Arcesas reports a hot fight be
tween bis command and a party of 800 in
surants at Cucbilias de Cagunia, near
Baracoa.
The battle lasted five hours and was
ended by a bayonet charge by the troops,
which resulted in the capture of the rebel
stronghold. The insurgents lost eight
killed and the Spaniards three lieutenants,
and nine privates were injured.
General Ochanda, chief of the captain
gpiieral's staff, will sail for Spain on Sat
urday on sick leave.
(Un AS REFUGEES PICKED UP.
Rescued From a Perilous Situation by a
Pilot- Boat.
KEY WEST, Fla., Ang. s.— The pilot
boat Jongett came into port to-night,
having on board two Cubans, who were
picked up in the gulf from a small dingy
that was in a sinking condition. They
left Matanzas on the 3d with important
dispatches for the Cuban Junta.
They state that Maceo's forces are in
good shape, but need ammunition. They
also state that there is no foundation for
the report that Pierce Atkinson has been
killed, and state that he is at present with
Maximo Gomez. They confirm the report
of Zaya's death.
ISLE OF PISES UPRISINGS.
ft»«i 10 Rebel* Capture a Spanish Gunboat
anil Join Maceo.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 5.— A special
to the Herald from Havana, Cuba, via
Key West.t says: "The Government
authorities, it is now known, suppressed
the truth in relation to the uprisings in
the Isle o,f Pines.
"1 received positive evidence yesterday
that one party of nine Cubans — their
names being Cuebara, Abascal, Orjnela,
Miranda, Vega, Hernandez, Vasquez, Vic
toria and Camera — at Jucaro, Isle of Pines,
attacked the Spanish gunboat Margarita,
captured her and, placing twenty of their
comiades on board, steamed away toward
the Pinar del Rio coast, where they landed
safely and joined Maceo.
"The gunboat is reported to have been
afterward sent by Maceo with dispatches
to Key West, Honduras or Jamaica flying
the Cuban flag."
TAX RIOTS IN VALENCIA,
Spanish Citizens Grow Desperate
Under the Burden Imposed
Upon Them.
Armed Men Parade, Shouting "Down
With Taxes!" "Down With
% the Government!"
;
MADRID, Spain, Aug. s.— Further riots
growing out of the taxes imposed on the
people have occurred throughout the
province of Valencia. The most serious
disturbance. 1 ! occurred last night in the
outskirts of the city of Valencia, where
fifty men, armed with rifles, paraded
about, shouting: "Down with taxes!"
"Down with the Government!" de
fying the authorities to interfere with
them. They at last made an attack on
the officials who collect the octroi— the
tax collected upon provisions of all kinds
entering tne city — and attempted to shoot
them. A strong force of police was j
hastily dispatched to the scene. Upon
their arrival the police were greeted with
a volley by the rioters, who proved them
selves bad marksmen, none of the police
being hit. The latt«r charged upon the
mob, which speedily dispersed when they
saw that the police were determined to
suppress tne disorder. Five of the mob, I
including a woman, were wounded by the
police.
Similar disturbancesoccurred in villages
in the province, and many arrests have
been made. The authorities allege that
the trouble is fomented by toe repub
licans.
HE RIO US REVOLT.
Republican Upriting in Which Ameri
~- can* Take a Hand.
LONDON, Ekg.; Aug. 5. -A dispatch
from Madrid to the Central News reports
the tax riots in the province of Valencia
as -a- : serious i republican uprising. The
leader of the ' insurrectionists, Bernardo .
Touledo, was at one time, a student of
medicine in Xev. York, and his brother is
now in command of a band of insurgents
in Cuba. Among the persons arrested is
one who had in his possession a number of
compromising letters, some from Buenos
Ayres and others from the United States.
Arms have been found and several arrests
have been made in ? Madrid, ; where steps
have been taken to prevent an uprising.
It is suspected that conspiracies exist in
Gevou and Saragossa. The anti- Protestant
feeling, the -dispatch i saya, is 1 spreading,
and is especially strong against Americans
who are suspected of promoting the
agitation.
ASTO UNDIAG STA TEMENT.
Fully a Million Armenians Perish From
Massacre* and Starvation.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 5.— A lady whose
name is not given, who has just returned
from Armenia, asserts that the foreign
consuls and missionaries estimate that
fully a million deaths have oc
curred in that country as the result of
massacres and starvation. The present
condition of Armenia, she declares, is
worse than it was during the massacres.
Thousands of the inhabitants are starving.
ENGLA ND'S M A GJSAyiMITY.
Recognizes Bra til* Claim to the Isle of
Trinidad.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. s.— The Times
will publish to-morrow a dispatch from
Lisbon saying that the statement printed
in Lisbon that England ha* recognized
Brazil as the owner of the islet of Trini
dad, off the Brazilian coast, of which
Great Britain some time since took a part,
was communicated to the organs publish
ing it by the Government.
Canadian Artillerymen Victorious.
LONDON. Eng., Aug. s.— ln the
National Artillery Association competi
tion at Shoeyburyness the visiting Cana
dian artillerymen defeated a picked British
team in the contest for the London Fry
challenge cup, which troDhy has been held
by the Canadians since the last contest in
1886. The contest was an exciting one and
the Canadians are elated over their success.
Sereeant-major Bradgeford, who was tha
No. 1 man of the Canadian team on tneir
visit here ten years ago, held the same
position to-day.
English Organ of the Anarchists.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. s.— The Society of
Associated Anarchists announces the ap
pearance next week of a weekly paper, to
be sold for one halfpenny and which is to
be the English organ of their propaganda.
It is to be called the Alarm, and the pros
pectus says: "We have chosen this name
because ii was the title of the paper pub
lished by A. R. Parsons (one of the Chicago
martyrs), who was executed in November,
1887, for his alleged connection with the
Hay market riot at Chicago in 1886."
Mussulmans Were Routed.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. s.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Athens stating that the recent at
tempt of a crowd of armed Mussulmans to
force their way into Heraclian or Candia
was, contrary to the previous report, un
successful. The troops who were sum
moned to the scene prevented the Mus
sulmans from entering the town and com
pelled them to retire with a loss of five
killed and several wounded.
English Racing.
LONDON, Eng.. Aug. s.— This was the
Brighton August meeting. The race for
the Brighton cup was won by Bradwar
din*\ Prince Barcaldine second and Mr.
"Wis iid's Macßriggs (American) third.
The race for the Pavilion plate, the win
ner to be sold at auction, was won by Mc-
CranKie, Crowley second and Ellsworth
third. Richard Croker's Tennessee also
ran but was not placed.
Santa won the race for the Sussex plate
for three-year-olds and upward, Splendor
was second and the Quack third.
IMPORTANT CAPTURE.
New fork Police Believe They Have Caught
the " Long Man " Who Is Wanted
at Chicago.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. s.— During
the trial of Otto Schaefer, alias Big Otto,
who is charged with burglary, in General
Sessions to-day, two men were seen to
enter the courtroom whom the police
recognized as old-time criminals. One was
Paul Sit-bert, alias Chicago Paul, alias
Charles Blum; the other was Ernest Lash.
j Detectives put the men under arrest. They
! were taken to police headquarters, where
I they were searched. Nothing of any sig
nificance was found on Lash, but in Paul's
pockets were found jewelry, money and
other articles that led the police to be
lieve that he can throw some liuht on the
many Chicago robberies that have been
committed of late and which have puzzied
j the detectives all over the country. Be-
I sides $45 in cash, a gold watch set with
| diamonds, a gold matcricase and several
I other pieces of jewelry, two keys were
found lor safe-deposit boxes in the vault
of the Graham Safe Deposit Company of
Chicago. The police of Chicago were tel
egraphed to search the boxes. The police
also searched a room in which Siebert had
been living on Eighth street. There a
pistol and some more jewelry were found,
besides evidence that Siebert has recently
been in Chicago. The robberies in Chi
cago have been committed by a long and
a short man, so the detectives say, and
there is strong belief that Siebert, who is
very large, is the long man.
LION KILLS A CHILD.
Terribly Lacerates the Little Son of the
Showman.
CHILLICOTHE, Ohio, Aug. s.— At the
fair grounds yesterday atternoon one of
the lions belonging to Thomas Hurd's
trained-animal show crushed Eddie Hurd's
head, almost tearing the entire top of the
skull off.
The lion was supposed to be tame and
wag kept chained near tne entrance of the
tent as an advertisement. Eddie, the two
year-old son of the proprietor, while play
ing got too near the lion.
Before anyone could caution the child
the animal seized it by the top of the
head, lifting it in the air and shaking it to
and !ro as a dog shakes a rat. The mother
and father attacked the beast with whips
and finally made it loose its hold. The
child lived but a short time.
In. the Band* of a Receiver.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 5.— A dispatch
from Indianapolis, Ind., says: The Howe
Pump and Engine Works, one of the old
est and heretofore one of the raost pros
perous builders of water works machinery,
has been thrown into the hands of a re
ceiver upon application of its stockhold
ers. The assets wijl run Irom $120,000 to
$1 50,000, while the liabilities are $50,000.
The cause of the assignment is the com
plete flattening out of the demand for
municipal bonds, of which the company
has a large amount on hand, taken in pay
ment for water works machinery supplied
by it.
Widely Known Bu*ine*s Man Dead.
LOWELL, Mass., Aug. s.— Joseph Lud
lam, agent of the Merrimac Manufactur
ing Company, Lowell's largest manufac
turing plant, is dead, aged fifty-eight.
Ludlam had been engaged in business en
terprises in New York, California, Michi
gan and in foreign countries. He had a
command in the far East under "Chinese"
Gordon. On returning to America he be
came superintendent of the Lake Superior
copper mines. He came to Lowell about
twenty years ago to accept an appoint
ment as agent of the Merrimac Company.
King George Threaten* to Abdicate.
BERLIN. Gem\j?t, Aug. s.— lt is stated
that the European courts have received
letters from members of the royal family
of Greece, saying that King George will
probably abdicate in favor of Crown Prince
Constantine, Duke of Sparta, if the powers
compel Greece to desist from her aspira
tions to make the Island of Crete part of
the Grecian domains.
California Tariff Secretary.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. s.— The
American Protective League announces
the appointment of Seras M. Dodge as
State secret* cy in California.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
GREAT SHAKE-UP
AT THE PRESIDIO.
Transfer of Fiftji Artillery
Officers to Other
TO BE SENT TO SCHOOL.
New Detail Ordered to Report
at Fort Monroe on Sep
tember i.
OF THE COAST.
NAVAL AFF
Pressure Brought to Bear on Secre
tary Herbert for the Retention
of Admiral Beardslee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. s.— Under
orders to be issued to-morrow there will be
a great shake-up in the Fifth Artillery,
stationed on the Pacific Coast. These
orders will concern officers and wiil direct
transfers to and from the instruction bat
teries at the artillery school. Fort Monroe,
Va., to and from light batteries, ordinary
transfers of lieutenants of artillery and
details of lieutenants for instruction at the
school. Battery Gof the Fifth Artillery
is stationed at Fort Monroe, it being the
policy of the department to maintain at
this post one battery from each regiment.
Under the orders to be issued First
Lieutenant Edward T. Brown will be
transferred from Light Battery D, stationed
at the Presidio, to Battery G. He will
relieve First Lieutenant William R. Ham
ilton, who is ordered to take his station
with Battery C. First Lieutenant Warren
H. Newcomb, who is thus relieved, is
ordered to duty with Light Battery F.
First Lieutenant Samuel E. Allen is de
tached from Light Battery H and ordered
to Battery E, his place in his old battery
being taken by First Lieutenant H. C.
Carbaugh, who is detached from Light
Battery D. First Lieutenant C. G. Treat
is ordered to Light Battery D.
The other battery changes are: First
Lieutenant Thomas Ridgeway, from Bat
tery A to Light Battery F; First Lieuten
ant Edgar Russell, from Battery 1 to Bat
tery B; First Lieutenant O. I. Straub, from
Battery B to Light Battery D; First Lieu
tenant John D. Miley, from Light Battery
F to Battery I; First Lieutenant Peyton
C. Marsh, from Light Battery F to Battery
A: Second Lieutenant William G. Haan,
from Light Battery F to Battery H;
Second Lieutenant T. W. Winston, from
Light Battery D to Buttery B; Second
Lieutenant W illiam C. Davis, from Bat
tery G to Battery X; Second Lieutenant
Louis R. Burgess, "from Bat.cry H to Light
Battery F; and Second Lieutenant Charles
P. Summerail, from Battery X to Light
Battery D.
Second Lieutenant Brooke Payne has
been detached from Battery D and ordered
to duty with Light Battery F. He will be
relieved from duty with Battery L of the
Fourth Artillery in time to join the bat
tery to which he is transferred on Octo
ber 1. First Lieutenants William H. Cof
fin and George W. Gatchell ar« detailed
for instruction at the school. Second
Lieutenant William P. Pence has been
ordered to join his proper battery at the
school. These officers are relieved from
duty at the school and ordered to join
their proper batteries in California: Sec
ond Lieutenant £. S. Jordan, Second Lieu
tenant Delamere Skirret and Second Lien
tenant E. F. McGlachlin. First Lieuten
ant Wiiniot E. Ellis has been detached
from duty with Light Battery F and
ordered to join his proper battery (_),
Fourth Artillery, at the artillery school
on September 1. The officers of the new
detail for the artillery school are ordered
to report at Fort Monroe on September 1.
Rear-Admiral Beardslee has notified the
Navy Department that immediately upon
the close of the target practice and drills
which are to be held in Fuca Straits it is
his intention to order the Monterey to
Eureka, Cal., to give the naval militia
j division there a course of instruction.
The exercise which the California
militia bas had has been scattered
throughout the summer months. On the
whole it has been satisfactory, although
the attendance has not been all that was
expected. This is due, it is asserted at the
department, to failure of the State authori
ties to make the members of the militia
attend drills. The adjutant-general of tue
organization and other officials are espe
cially complimented for the zeal they have
displayed.
In his report to the department Rear-
Admiral Beardsles calls the attention of
the department to the fact that the conrse
I adopted by the Assistant Secretary of the
i Navy and the valuable recognition and
! assistance given by the Government to
militia matters nave aroused much enthu
siasm among the people of the Pacific
Slope. This, he says, is evidenced by the
efforts now on foot to enroll naval militia
battalions in California.
In regard to recruiting on the Pacific
Coast Admiral Beardsiee says: "'The
course adopted of recruiting for the ships,
as far as possible, only young American
citizens has accumulated on them a large
body of excellent men, natives of this
coast. When their terms of service have
expired and they return to their homes
there will be mingled with the people a
very strong element of well-trained men
who will undoubtedly join the naval
militia and prove most valuable addi
tions.
"The wide liberty that is given to 'the
people to see" and hear something of ships
and the navy is producing most excellent
results. lam speakinn within the neures
in saying that from New Wbatcom to San
Diego fully 30,000 people have visiled the
Philadelphia, and among these there are
undoubtedly many of position and in
fluence."
What Admiral Beardslee says about the
desirability of enlisting as far as possible
only young Americans is borne out by
statements made to the department by
other commanding officers of the squad
i ron. The popularity of Rear-Admiral
Beardslee, commanding the Pacific sta
tion, among Californians is attested by
the strong effort now on foot to nave him
retained in his present billet. As has
been stated in Thk Call, the admiral's
tour of sea duty expires this month.
Pressure was brought to bear some time
ago upon the Secretary, and the result
I was the decision of that* official not to re
lieve the admiral until the conclusion of
the fleet maneuvers.
The people of California are apparently
not satisfied with this extension. Letters
are being received at the department ask
ing the retention of the admiral on the
coast, one of them being, it is understood,
from Senator White. It can be stated,
however, that the department will find it
necessary to relieve the admiral this tall.
The tour of duty of an admiral is two
years, and it is a rule when this time bas
expired for the officer to be at once re
lieved. There are a number of officers of
the flag rank who ought to co to sea, with
few stations for them to command, and it
is for fli is reason that the tour is cut down
to the period named. If the fcecretary re
tains Admiral Beardsiee on the Pacific
| station he will have to fight strong inilu
ence brought to bear upon him in favor of
some other officer who desires to be as
signed as Admiral Beardslee s relief.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
yew Postmaster— Office Discontinued.
Petition* and Patent*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 5.— H.
Hoge was to-day appointed postmaster at
Bur, Monterey County, CaL, vice T. 8.
Clelland, resigned.
The postoffice at Valievista, Riverside
County,' Cal.', has been discontinued.
Mail for this town should hereafter be ad
dressed to Bowers.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Increase — Thomas Croghan,
San Diego. Originals, widows, etc. — Ellen
M. Garland, Los Angeles; Janett Bell,
Sacramento.
Oregon: Original— Henry Reno, Brown
town. Increase— William A. Krum, Olex.
Washington: Original— James Leonard,
Spokane.
Pacific Coast patents: Alphonso B.
Bowers, San Francisco, excavator for hy
draulic dredgers; Edward S. Cobb, San
Francisco, wheel; Joseph C. F. Dick Ken
wood, Cal., two-wheeled vehicle; Flemon
Drake, San Francisco, combined tele
phone and district alarm system; Juan
W. Ernest, Los Angeles, extension guard
rail and folding table; Henry Eschwetler,
San Francisco, carpet-sewing machine;
Arthur F. Espersen, Tacoma. Wash., ad
justable shade; Albert J. Finley and
C. Wilson, Silverton, Or., steam cooker;
Horace B. Gale, San Francisco, distribution
and regulation of power; William H. Gil
bert, Oakland, Cal., key opening can;
Charles Shardy, San Diego, refrigerator
car; Frederick E. Jarvis, Oakland, sash
fastener; Robert F. Langer, San Francisco,
target meter; Charles F. McGlashan,
Truckee, Cal., ice palace: Thomas Mc-
Glew, San Francisco, pulverizing mill;
Charles C. Moore, assignor to F. L. Vande
mark, San Francisco, water falter; Frank
E. Morrill, San Francisco, valve for siphon
bottles; David M. Smyth. Pasadena, sig
nature gatherer (two patents); Charles J.
Waterhouse, San Francisco, shade awning
for windows. _______
STRICKEN BY PARALYSIS.
Fate of Robert Fraser, Minstrel, Author
and Playwright.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. s.— Robert
Fraser, an old-time minstrel and author,
is in the New York Hospital with paraly
sis. On Saturday afternoon he went into
the office of his brother, Leslie Fraser, and
complained of feeling ill. An instant aft
erward befell, his whole left side being
paralyzed. He was taken to a private
room in the New York Hospital, and the
physicians say his chance of recovery are
slieht.
Fraser was born in this city fifty- four
years ago, and bas been in turn minstrel,
actor, playwright and stage manager. Be
was end man for Dixie's minstrels in
Philadelphia, and while tbere painted the
drop-curtains and scenery for their theater
and the Arch-street Opera-house. He
afterward went into the legitimate and
served as understudy for the late George
Fox. Later still he went into the play
writing business. He is best known in
that line, where Corinne's "Hendrick
Hudson," Frank Daniels' "Little Puck"
and Vernona Jarbeau's "Starlight" have
made him famous.
SAVED FROM. LINCHING.
Murderer Morgan Quietly Taken from
Omaha to Lincoln.
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. s.— Sheriff Mc-
Donald and deputy to-day took George
W. Morgan, the convicted murderer of
little Ida Gaskill, to the penitentiary at
Lincoln. The Sheriff received informa
tion that considerable taik was being made
on the gtreets directed toward working up
a feeling against Morgan so that a crowd
could be raised Friday night to lynch
him. At the Sheriff's special request the
fact that Morgan was to be taken to
Lincoln was not mentioned in the papers,
he fearing the news would cause a crowd
to collect here or at Lincoln. George
Hoover, the murderer of Councilman Du
boif, will be hanged Friday morning.
Morgan was to have been hanged at the
same time, but the Supreme Court is now
reviewing his case and the date will be
changed.
LITTLE GIRL'S HARD LOT
Turned Over to Two Profes
sional Beggars by Her
Dying Mother.
Finally Taken From a Children's
Home by H r Grandfather at
Anaheim, Cal.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. s.— Nellie Blank
is the fourteen -year-old grand-daughter of
Dr. P. Pfenniger of Anaheim, Cal., but no
one knew it until a few days ago, and that
is why the little girl was called Nellie
Ward and was an inmate of the Children's
Guardian Home in Indianapolis until yes
terday, when she left for Anaheim, via
Chicago.
During the World's Fair Nellie's mother,
who was dying in St. Louis, turned the
little girl over to "G%h^" Ward, a paraly
tic beggar, and his wife. The three came
to Chicago. During the fair the beggar,
Ward, was wheeled around the grounds
by his wife, and Nellie was the cause of
their receiving a great deal of money.
After the fair they wandered to Indian
apolis, where Ward soon died. Nellie was
found in a destitute condition. The child
was taken to the Children's Guardian
Home.
A few weeks ago Inspector Fitzpatrick
of the Chicago police received a letter
from the Marshal of Anaheim and an
other from John Pfenniger of the same
place, asking the police to look for the
child, who had been disposed of by its
mother to the two professional beggars.
The story came to the notice of a lady who
was a teacher in the Guardian Home, and
she notified the police. A photograph of
Nellie was sent Pfenniger, who identified
the child as his missing grand-daughter.
Jjleutesaxt sTßoya unsAyE.
Was Executive Officer of the Ranger on
the Pad fie.
NEW YORK, N. V., Ang. s.—Lieu
tenant W. C. Strong, who was recently
placed on the retired list of the navy, will
be taken to the hospital for the insane at
Washington to day. Lieutenant Strong
has been under treatment for dementia
at the Naval Hospital in Brooklyn for
several weeks. He was recently examined
by a medical board for insanity, and
upon the recommendation of the latter
his removal to the asylum for the insane
was ordered.
Lieutenant Strong is a son of the late
Rear-Admiral Strong, U. S. N., who for
merely resided at Newburg, N. Y. He
bears an excellent reputation as an officer,
and his misfortune is greatly regretted by
his brother officers. Among his hallucina
tions is the belief that he possesses
great wealth in real estate. During his
last term of sea duty he was executive
officer of the Ranger on the Pacitic. He
was appointed to the Naval Academy at
Annapolis in 1868. He was well up in the
list of lieutenants when retired.
Graver One* Fithing for a Change.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., Aug. 5 The
President for a change went out in the bay
fishing to-day, remaining nearly all day.
ABBOTT'S BIER AN
ICE-CLAD CRAG,
The Wisconsin Central Offi
cial's Awful Plunge
to Death.
GOES OVER A PRECIPICE.
A Misstep While Ascending Mt
Lefroy's Steep Side Costs
Him His Life.
HIS BODY NOT RECOVERED.
Rests on a Glacier From Which It
Can Be Rescued Only With
Great Difficulty.
VICTORIA, B. C., Aug. s.— Particulars
of the fatal accident to P. Abbott, assistant
solicitor of the Wisconsin Central Rail
way, while he was attempting the ascent
of Mount Lefroy, near Laggan, on the
main line of the Canadian Pacific Railroad,
were received here to-night.
On the 3d inst. a party, consisting of
Professor Fay and Messrs. Little, Abbott
and Thompson, all of the Appalachian
Club of Boston, started from Laggan to
attempt the ascent of Mount Lefroy.
When about eight miles from the station
Mr. Abbott fell over a precipice about
1000 feet high. His body is lying on a
glacier and its recovery will be very diffi
cult. A force of railway men, provided
with ladders and ropes, are endeavoring to
recover the body, and when this is done it
will be sent to Boston for bnrial.
HOLLISTER MURDER CASE
Second Trial of F. M. Conkling
for the Killing of C. N.
Hardwick.
Former Verdict Set Aside Because
urors Experimented Out of
Court.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Ang. s.— The second
trial of the People vs. F. M. Conkling,
charged with the killing of C. N. Hard
wick in February, 1895, commenced in the
Superior Court to-day, Judge William
Conley of Madera presiding in place of
Judge Breen. disqualified. After an all
day session seven jurors were secured.
The killing of Harclwick occurred near
Paicines, as the result of a dispute over
land matters. Conkling was tried in the
Superior Court before Hon. N. A. Dorn of
Salinas, in May, 1895, and after a four
days' trial the jury found him guilty of
murder in the first degree, fixing the pen
alty at imprisonment for life. At this
trial Conkling was a witness in his own
behalf, and swore that he fired the fatal
shot at a distance of twenty feet from
Hardwick. The theory of the prosecution
was that the shot was fired from a dis
tance of seventy-five yards.
During the trial and prior to retiring to
deliberate upon a verdict Jurors W. J.
Scott and F. J. Bacon sought to test the
truth of the defendant's evidence.
Procuring a Winchester rifle, they went
across the railroad track east of town and
fired a number of shots into cloth similar
to that of the shirt worn by the deceased.
To their own satisfaction they proved that
the cloth would be powder-burned at a
distance of twenty feet, whereas the cloth
ing worn by Hardwick at the time of the
homicide was free from burns. Upon this
showing a motion was made for a new
trial and denied. The case was then ap
pealed to the Supreme Court, which body
decided that the action of the jurors in ac
cepting evidence outside of court was
highly improper and ordered a new trial.
♦
SAN JOAQUIN BEET CULTURE.
Farmers Grow Samples to Induce Claus
Spreckels to Operate a Factory
at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. s.— For months
past Manager Corcoran of the California
Navigation and Improvement Company
has been endeavoring to interest farmers
of this county and those of the San Joaquin
Valley in the cultivation of sugar beets.
Two hundred lots of seed were distributed
by him on application, and be is now be
ginning to receive the samples .of beets
raised.
Corcoran was led to take an interest in
establishing the beet industry here by
Claus Spreckels. The sugar king told him
that he intended to establish several beet
factories in this State, and that he would
place the m where he found that beets or
the required percentage of sugar and
purity of juice could be raised in sufficient
quantities at a low enough rate to warrant
handling them. Mr. Spreckels agreed to
supply the seed if Corcoran would under
take the work of distributing the samples
among the farmers and instructing them
as to the methods to be used in raising the
beets.
Circular letters were sent by the latter
to scores of farmers, and on application
they were supplied with packages of seed
and instructions as to how to plant and
care for the beets.
The best beets were raised on the Mid
dle Division of Roberts Island, and
showed 13.73 per cent of sugar and 81.8
per cent purity of juice, while the standard
is 14 per cent of sugar and 80 per cent
purity of juice. From the vicinity of Lodi
the next best sample was sent in, and
both localities have demonstrated their
ability to raise good sugar beets. As the
acreage that can be planted Is practically
unlimited, there is no reason why Mr.
Spreckels cannot find in this county a
good location for a beet sugar factory.
There are still many sections of the county
where experiments in beet culture nave
been going on that have not been hearu
from, and, as soon as the results from 100
samples have b^en obtained, Mr. Corcoran
will submit a detailed report to the sugar
king and see if he cannot be induced to
select Stockton as the site for one of the pro
posed factories. As the beets can be
grown all down the valley it will be in
creasing traffic on the Valley road.
ESCALUN'S MYSTERY.
Sudden Death of a Rancher While Water
ing His Horses.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 5.— 0. W. Jones,
a farmer living near Escalon, on the line
oftheVallev road, died in a mysterious
manner this morning. He arose at an
early hoar and began watering his horses.
He had a number of them to look after
and it took some time. Meantime the
harvest-hands preceded him to the field.
Only his little son remained, mending old
sacks in a building close by.
The lad saw the horses start from the
watering trough without any one to look
after them, and, believing they had broken
away from his father, ran out to stop
them. He then found his father lying in
the corral, and when he reached him he
was deau. A physician was sent for and
made a careful examination of the body,
but could find no marks to indicate that
any of the horses had kicked him. The
physician ascribed the sudden death to
heart trouble, though Jones had never
suffered from heart affection. The Coro
ner will investigate the case.
Jones had a very fine ranch near Escalon.
He was on* 1 of the leading members of the
Lone Tree Methodist church.
YACOMA WHALE HUNT.
All Is RWkdy for the Attach Upon the
Pur/et A«und Leviathan.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. s.— The hunters
who have been preparing to capture the
large sperm whale which has been in the
sound between here and Delano for the
past two weeks received their harpoon
gun and other appurtenances, but their
harpoons are on the steamer Pueblo,
which will arrive to-morrow morning. It
is expected the hunt will commence to
morrow morning or the next day. Many
excursionists are expected to accompany
the expedition. The whale has been seen
daily disporting in the bay near Delano
beach and is said to be a monster. Those
who are to attempt his capture expect to
Becure forty or fifty barrels of oil.
WASHINGTON FLAME- SWEPT.
yarrow Escape of the Yolo Town From
Total Destruction.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Aug. 5. — The
town of Washington, opposite this city, in
Yolo County, had a narrow escape from
total destruction by fire this evening. As
it was, nearly a block of buildings were
destroyed, but as they were all frame
structures, on which there were small
amounts of insurance, it is believed the
loss will not be over $4000. The fire started
in the two-story residence of John Church
hill and spread rapidly, five residences
and two large barns being destroyed. A
high wind was blowing and at one time a
dozen residences were ignited by flying
embers. The town has no water system,
and had it not been for the prompt assist
ance rendered by th«» fire crews of the
Southern Pacific shops the entire town
would have been consumed.
FIRE AT SAN JOSE.
Flames Sweep Through yotley Brothers'
Large Hayyard.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. s.— The large
hayyard of Notley Brothers, on Park
avenue, was swept by firi» at 3 o'clock this
afternoon. The fire started in a hay ware
house. This and the office buildings of
the company and a large residence was
consumed. The department did not qp to
the fire, as it was outside the city limits.
A bucket brigade did good work in pre
venting the spreading of the flames.
The area burned was about 125 feet front
by 200 feet deep, and all the buildings that
were in the wake of the flames were
burned to the ground. The large hay
warehouse contained neaily 250 tons of
hay. The shingle-mills were the only
buildings saved, and that they are stand
ing is due only to the fact that the wind
was blowing in the opposite direction.
The loss, including the house, will amount
to nearly $8000. The fire is supposed to
have been of incendiary origin.
Fire Xear Modesto.
MODESTO, Cal., Aug. 5.— A fire this
evening destroyed the residence of Mrs. V.
Pittori, about one mile south of this city.
The loss will exceed $2000.
Santa liarbara Man >ear Death.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal.. Aug. 5.—
Charles D. Crowell, an expressman and an
old resident of Santa Barbara, is lying at
death's door from an overdose of lauda
num taken early this afternoon. Crowell
has been a great sufferer from rheumatism
for some time, and was accustomed to take
the drug to alleviate bis pain, but whether
the present dose was taken with suicidal
intent cannot be determined. The attend
ant physicians say that if he can be kept
awake for twelve hours his life may be
saved.
RohnerviUe Pioneer Killed.
FORTUNA, Cal., Aug. s.— John Kirk, a
pioneer of RohnerviUe, was struck by a
wire cable and killed In the logging-camp
of the Eel River Valley laimber Company
to-day.
NEW TO-DAY.
Jl\ _ JL •
— to our new store (Powell and Eddy streets).
Come and stroll through this vast array of
Fashionable Fabrics — the greatest line and the
most satisfactory values in all clothingdom.
We need not go into details regarding each
item. Suffice it to say that neither money nor
genius can produce better tailored garments
than we make to order for $10 to $20. Others
may print prices equal to ours, but they can't
produce VALUES equal to ours.
We are the recognized leaders of the best
$10 made-to-order suit in America.
Columbian Woolen Mills,
(S. N. WOOD & CO.)
541 Market St., S. F. Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts., S. F.
211 Montgomery St, S. F.
1005 Broadway, Oakland. Cor. Astor and Lafayette Place, N. Y.
SPORTS AND SONG
AT SANTA CRUZ,
Programme for the Pacific
Coast Turnfest Made
Public.
CONTESTS OF ATHLETES
Brawny Teutons Will Compete
for Honors on Track and
in Arena.
DAILT CONCERTS AND SAB CSS
Ladies' Classes to Participate il
Graceful Drills With Wands
and Dumbbells.
SANTA CRU Z, Cal., Aug. s.— Tn« Tor*
ners and their associates and guests wiil
arrive here on Saturday evening at 8:30
o'clock by special train to participate in
the annual turnfest of the Pacific Coast
Bezirk. The guests will be met at the
depot by the Santa Cruz Turn-Verein and
fraternal societies of this city. The pro
cession will form at the depot and march
up Pacific avenue to the lower plaza, oppo
site the Ocean House, then countermarch
to the Carnival Pavilion, where the visi
tors wiil be welcomed by F . R. Walti, presi
dent of the Santa Cruz Turn-Veiein. Mr.
Walti will speak in German and he will be
followed by Lieutenant-Governor Jeter and
Mayor Clark, whose speeches of welcome
will be addressed to the English-speaking
visitors. The ladies' class of the local
Turn-Verein will serve refreshments and
tbere will be a germral handshaking, form
ing of new acquaintances and renewing of
the old.
Sunday morning at 6 o'clock reveille
will be sounded. At 7 :30 the Turners and
their guests will march in procession to
the festival grounds. On arrival the re
hearsal of the wand exercises will begin,
then will follow eymnastic exercises In
classes, exercises on horizontal bars, par
allel bars and vau!Hng horse. At 10:30
a. m. the public prize target shooting will
commence. From 12 m. to Ip. m. there
will be an intermission for luncb.
At 1 p. m. the prize tourney will
beam and continue until 4 o'clock,
when the bears (gentlemen between 40
and 70 years) of San Jose will perform
dumbbell exercises. Then will follow club
swineing by the ladies' class of the San
Jose Turn Verein, and bugle call for the
commencement of the wand exercises; an
oration by Albert Corrlin, president of
the Pacific Turn Bezirk grand exhibition
drill, consisting of wand exercises. A
| dance and concert will continue from 11
! a. m. until 6p. m. At 6p. m. the Turners
and their guests will return in procession.
At 5 p. m. the prize recitals will take place
in the Turn Verein Hall, only in presence
of the judges. At Bp. m. there will be a
concert.
Monday's programme will open at 7
o'clock with swimming in the bay; at 8
p. m. a procession to the grounds. After
arrival there will be field exercises, con
sisting of pole-yaulting, hop, step and
jump, high jumping, toot races, wrestling,
rope-climbing, lifting heavy weights,
throwing 16-ponnd shots, Indian club
swinging and fencing. The diploma-shoot
ing far Turners begins in the afternoon
and the public target-shooting continues
during the whole day. The concert and
dance lasts from 11 a. m. till 6p. m. At 6
p. m. the Turners will return to town. At
9 p. M. the grand ball in the carnival pa
! vilion will begin and at midnight the
, prizes wiil be distributed.
The programme for Tuesday will in
j elude excursions to the Cliffs, the Santa
! Cruz winery, the Big Trees, Capitola and
j other places of interest in the morning,
i with bicycle races in the afternoon on
Pacific av«nue. In the evening the river
fete will conclude the turnfest. The de
tails of that event are in preparation and
the indications are that it will be an affair
that will be long remembered by those
who witness it.
34
PORTLAND UNDER
CZAR PENNOYER.
Ward Politician Methods
Adopted by the City's
Executive.
LABORING FOR BRYAN.
Appointive O.ficials Ousted if
They Do Not Declare for
Free Coinage.
VAIN PROTEST OF CITIZENS.
Firemen and Policemen Who Oppose
the Nebraskan Will Be Made
to Resign.
TORTLAND, Or., Aug. s.— Ex-Governor
Sylvester Pennoyer, the Democratic-
Populist Mayor inducted into office on the
Ist of July, who gained such National
notoriety because of his discourtesies
to Presidents Harrison and Cleveland, is
already making himself very odious as
chief executive of the city. He Has occu
pied his present office a little more than a
month, and in that short time he has
demoralized the entire municipal govern
ment. Entering upon his duties with no
pledges to political parties or person he
promised not to revolutionize any of the
city departments within his personal
jurisdiction unless for good cause, but his
cloven hoof already protrudes from be
neath its vestment. Efficiency, length of
honorable service in the city government
are no recommendations to him. He is
prostituting his small power to the in
terests of the Detnocratic-Fopulistic
Presidential candidate.
On Monday last Mayor Pennoyer asked
Paul Wessinger, one of his recently ap
pointed Fire Commissioners, how he stooii
upon the silver question. Mr. Wessinger,
who is a representative German-American
here, replied that he was a sound-money
man. Thereupon Pennoyer unceremo
niously asked for the Commissioner's res
ignation, which was formally accepted
this afternoon.
The Mayor has impliedly permitted the
edict to go forth that no man expressing
himself adversely to the principles in
dorsed by Bryan, particularly those per
taining to National finances, shall remain
in an office over which he has direct or in
direct control. In other words, he will
sacrifice the best business interests of
Portland to the subservience of his polit
ical hobby. To-day he was asked : "Is it
possible tbat you will allow tne silver
question to cut a figure in the administra
tion of city affairs?"
"Usually," replied he, "a Mayor sur
rounds himself with men in harmony
with himself in city affairs. But now the
question is a more serious one, affecting
the vitality of the Nation. The question
is as to whether the country shall be
dominated over by Great Britain or ruled
by Americans. Those in favor of the
former Jet them train with the British,
but so far as I'm concerned I want none
but Americans on guard."
When Pennoyer appointed his boards
of Fire ana Police Commissioners recently
he gave the place-hunting public to under
stand that he personally would not inter
fere with their management of those
departments, but a well-substantiated re
port was current this afternoon that the
Mayor had instructed his commissioners
to investigate the political status of each
member of these departments and allow
none but unquestioned free-silver men to
hold their places.
In this manner is Pennoyer performing
the work of a ward politician for Bryan.
Should the programme be executed there
wili not be a reliable and experienced|man
left on the Police and Fire departments by
the close of the current month. This after
noon the fire underwriters sent a volumin
ous protest to the Mayor and the Fire
Commissioners against the proposed re
moval of Chief Campbell and other good
men in that department. The protest
contains a threatening paragraph to the
purport that insurance rates will be ele
vated several notches the moment the in
surance agents' appeal is ignored.
This city never was in such a state of
agitation because of a Mayor's attitude as
at present. _^_^_____ - __
GUESTS OF LOS ANGELES.
Promotors of the Japanese Steamship
Line Confer With Merchants and
Manufacturers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 5. — 8.
Asano, president of the Oriental Steam
ship Company of Japan, O. Okawa and
S. Tameaka of Tokio, James R. Morso of
Yokohama, A. H. Butler of San Diego
ana H. C. Bush of San Francisco arrived
here from the north this afternoon. Presi
dent Frank of the Merchants' and Manu
facturers' Association took charge of the
guests and piloted them through the oil
fields, the manufacturing and the resi
dence portions of the city.
This evening at a meeting of the asso
ciation President Asano expressed himself
as delighted as well as surprised at what
he saw here. In explanation of the project
to establish a steamship line direct to
Southern California ne said that in order
to be successful he would require the co
operation of all the people, and that he
favored the plan for this country to supply
two of four steamers for the trans-Pacific
trade, which it was proposed to build up.
The remarks of Mr. Asano were fol
lowed by talks from several gentlemen
present, including J. H. Steams, the iron
manufacturer; Messrs. Butler, Morse,
Frank and Bash. Notwithstanding the
presence of J. M. Crawley of the Southern
Pacific, it was remarked that the Santa Fe
could be of great service and would co
operate with such an enterprise as these
gentlemen contemplated equipping. This
was perhaps the most significant remark
of the evening and pointed conclusively to
San Dieeo as the American port for the
line. Fiour, iron and cotton were the pro
ducts mostly desired from the new port,
wherever established. The party goes to
San Diego to-morrow, and thence to Lon
don.
STOCKTON'S GUESTS DEPART.
Officer* Elected by the Grand Lodge of
Colored Odd Fellow.
BTOCKTON, Cal., Aug. s.— The Grand
Lodge of colored Odd Fellows of Califor
nia closed its session yesterday with the
election of officers. The following were
selected to serve for the ensuing year:
Past grand master, B. H. Harris of San
Francisco; grand master, G. W. Wilson of
Marysvilie ; deputy grand master, J. Wysin
ger of Oakland; grand secretary, A. A.
Collins of Oakland; grand chaplain, Rev.
J. H. Burrows of Stockton ; grand treas
urer, J. B. Wilson of Oakland ; grand mar
shal, W. M. Wells of Los Angeles; grand
warden, W. B. Grimles of Sacramento.
Grand directors— B. A. Johnson of Sacra
mento, A. French of San Jose, John C.
Rivers of San Francisco. Grand guar
dian, C. H. Overton of San Jose.
After the election of officers the regular
session closed and an adjournment was
taken untii evening, when the Grand
Lodge met in open session to install the
officers. Following these ceremonies a
musical and literary programme was ren
dered. A vocal solo by Charles Arthur, a
recitation by Miss Estelle Overton ana
vocal solos by Miss Hattie King and
George Elebeck made up the programme.
Then the floor was cleared for dancing.
LONG BEACH SUMMER SCHOOL.
Discussion of Methods by the Women*
Christian Temperance Union.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 5. — The
Summer School of Methods, under the
auspices of the Southern California
Women's Christian Temperance Union
opened at Long Beach this morning, and
will continue through the balance of the
week. Mrs. Lizzie H. Mills of Santa Ana
is the superintendent. The programme
to-day included papers on : "How to Con
duct Evangelical Services in Our Local
Meetings," by Anna B. Southwick of Los
Angeles; "The True Mission of the
Women's Christian Temperance Uuion."
by Mrs. S. O. Webber of Pasadena; "How
to Utilize the Press for Woman's Work,''
by Mrs. Susie Sweet of Riverside. These
were discussed, the arguments being inter
spersed with music and drills.
The State officers of the association are:
Mrs. N. P. J. Button, president: Mrs. Mary
E. Garbutt, vice-president; Mrs. G. T.
Stickuey, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
L. H. Mills, recording secretary; Mrs. S.
W. Plimpton, treasurer; Miss K. C. Mor
rison, assistant treasurer.
San Bernardino Rail Accident.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Aug. 5.—
Thomas McKenna met with a serious ac
cident this morning while trying to steal
a ride on the Santa Fe between Colton and
this city. He slipped from the brake
beam and fell under the cars, the wheels
running over his right foot. He was
brought to tbe County Hospital, where it
was found necessary to amputate his leg
between the knee and ankle. Trie young
fellow was badly bruised about the body,
but it has not yet beep ascertained whether
he received internal injuries or not.
WORKING ON TO BELMONT
Valley Road Tracklayers Will
Soon Cross San Joaquin
River.
Traffic Arrangements Made With the
California Navigation Company
at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. s.— The Valley
road is expected to reach Belmont by the
16th inst. at the latest. To-morrow the
tracklayers will arrive at the San Joaquln
River and will cross it by the 10th of the
month. Within five days after the bridge
is crossed, rails will have been laid to Bel
mont.
Traffic Manager Moss has been busy to
day arranging with the California Naviga
tion and Improvement Company for the
transfer of freight from the cars of the
road to the boats and barges of the trans
portation company. He has arranged to
establish an office on the water front, on
the navigation company's dock, to look
after the transfer of passengers and
freight. To-morrow Moss goes to Merced
and thence back to San Francisco.
Mr. Spalding of the legal department of
the Valley road, wno is here to get the
Stockton subscribers to stock to sign the
trust agreement, Is meeting with great
success. Thus far none have refused to
sign, as that was understood at the time of
making the subscriptions. The suoscribers
here are particularly pleased that the
management of the road is willing to
stand by the original offer made to Stock
tonians, to pay for tneir stock in 10 per
cent installments. Recently they were
notified that they would be expected to
pay 80 per cent in one lump, but now this
order of Secretary Mackie has been counter
manded.
SUDDEN DEATH AT SAN JOSE.
Captain Charles Kinsey Passes Away and
Papers Worth a Fortune Are Found
in His Trunk,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 5. — Captain
Charles Kinsey, a veteran of the late war,
died suddenly last evening at the Jeffer
son Hotel of heart disease. He was a
native of Germany and 80 years of age. He
served with distinction as a captain in the
war and was a member of the Grand
Army. He had been a resident of the
coast for about twelve years, during
which time he resided at Hay wards, Pes
cadero and Saratoga. He came to this
city about six months ago.
In Kinsey's trunk were papers showing
that he was possessed of property worth
$40,000. About $15,000 of his estate con
sists of cash in bank in this city and San
Francisco, and the rest is in notes and
mortgages.
But little is known of Captain Kinsey
in this city. He has a daughter, Mrs.
Victoria Goldmerstein, in New York City,
who has been telegraphed to regarding
the disposition of the body.
Wilbur Haley an Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. s.— Wilbur
Raley, a wholesale and retail fruit dealer
of this city, has filed a petition in insol
vency. The liabilities aggregate $6000; as
sets, $2500. W. K. Goff of San Benito filed
a petition asking that the Sheriff be ap
pointed receiver of Raley's effects, which
was granted. Marcus & Barberie, to
whom Raley assigned, later asked the
court to surrender the custody of the prop
erty to them. Judge Reynolds ordered
tne Sheriff to take charge of the property
under the insolvency proceedings.
Failure of a Policeman.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. s.— Policeman
Charles T. Nolting to-day filed a petition
in insolvency. He has been on the police
force since August I, 1891. Although he
has drawn a salary of $115 a month as
driver of the patrol wacon for five years
and the city has been prompt in paying
his salary he attributes his failure 10 dull
times and a stringency of the money
market. His liabilities amount to $658.
There are no assets. The petition will be
heard August 14.
Ifill Honor Lick's JUftnory.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. s.— The one
hand red th anniversary of the birth of
James Lick will be observed with fitting
ceremonies at the Lick Observatory on
August 25. Lick was born in Fredericks
burg, Pa., August 25, 1796, and died in San
Francisco October 1, 1876. His body is
buried at the base of th* pier of the great
telescope on Mount Hamilton. He left
$700,000 to found the observatory.
Funeral of Judge Veckham.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 5.-The funeral
of Judge R. F. Peckbam, a pioneer resi
dent of this county, took place this after
noon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
RACING ON THE
PETALUMA TRACK,
Seaside and Two Cheers
Easy Winners in the
Sprints.
OWYHEE A SPEEDY ONE.
Beats His Field Without Being
Extended in the Contest
of Youngsters.
ESTELLE WIIKES' VICTOKY.
Five Heats Necessary to Decide
the Two-Thirty Class
Pace.
PETALUMA, Cal., Aug. 5. — The
weather to-day was windy and disagree
able, all of which helped to keep the at
tendance at the races down. As the day
wore on the dust blew in clouds at the
track, clogging tne throats of the pool
sellers; the spectators were covered with
distant samples of Sonoma County dust,
the horses did not warm up well, and
altogether the second day of the meet was
a disappointment. However, the oldest
inhabitant says this sudden freak of the
elements is something altogether un
accountable, and the morrow, with the
big 2:15 trot as a feature, will undoubtedly
draw a big crowd.
The running events, captured in turn
by Seaside and Two Cheers, were just
about as the talent ordered them and
there was no "kick" on that score. In the
two-year-old trot Ben Chaboya, the Oak
wood stock farm's gentlemanly and clever
reinsman, brought the giant Owyhee out
ana the big colt defeated the other four
entries as though trotting were a pleasure
to him. Lottie Lilac, a game little mare
by the Fresno sire, Strathway, was second
in each of the heats trotted.
It took five heats to decide the 2:30 pace.
The betting lagged, with the crowd evi
dently ail at sea as to the winner. The
race was finally captured by Eeteile
Wi'Kes, splendidly handled by "Mac"
Sanders, but had young Ed Biddle, who
held the ribbons over Bonnie Belle, had
more experience on the bikej that mare
would probably have annexed the purse
for her owner. The time of the five heats
paced was 2:21J4, 2:19, 2:20, 2:19, 2:22.
Just before the last heat was decided Bon
nie Belle changed hands, Dan McCarthy
of white hat fame purchasing her for $475.
Dick Havey drove her in the last heat and
she finished third. The mare is said to be
a good one.
The opening event was a five-furlong
selling scramble, with a miscellaneous as
sortment of ten sprinters facing the flag.
Stormy A, a half breed from Calaveras
County, ridden by Mike Hennessy, was a
red hot tip, going to the post a strongly
backed second choice. Seaside, with Sni
der up, which was at one stage of the bet
tin as good as 2to 1, finally closed at
evens. Sent away well bunched Stormy
A soon showed in iront and made the run
ning until a furlong from the stand, where
he began backing up, and coming strong
on tne outside the favorite won cleverly
by three lengths in 1:03.
Of the original eleven entries to the
mile handicap six accepted the weights as
signed by the handicapper. With 94
pounds up and H. Martin in the saddle,
Warrago was backed down from 7 to 9 to a
2 to 3 favorite, with Fred Gardner, carry
ing top weight (114 pounds) a well fancied
second choice at Bto 5. Nearing post time
there was a genteel play on Two Cheers,
cutting his price a point from threes.
When McNair sent them away well
aligned Sanders on Two Cheers sent his
mount out for the lead. He gained his
post, leading until nearing the half, when
Warrago passed him and showed the way
rounding the bend for home. Squared
away for the final issue Two Cheers,
closely accompanied by the 23 to 1 out
sider Regan, with 90 pounds in the saddle,
headed Donathan's mare, and the latter
two indulged in a hair-raising finish, in
which Snider, through superior iockey
ship, got his horse past the judge first by
a head in 1 :44^. The favorite was a good
third.
Running, five furlongs, selling, purse $150—
P. Siebenthaler's eh. m. Seaside, by imp. Mari
ner-Marine (Snider), won; J. Stim"pson f s b. g.
Stormy A, by Rackety Jack-Pegleg (Hennessy),
second; Irma, b. m., by St. Saviour-Ella S
(Macksey), third. Time, 1 :03. Degro«t, Faro,
Juan Bernado, Torpedo, Lady Moore, Nevere,
Lady Gray also ran.
Running, handicap, one mile, purse $350—
Fioodmore stable's b. g. Two Cheers, by Three
Cheers (Snider), won; Stevenson's b. g. Regan
90, by Fabulous-Nettie R (Webb), second; Gar
den City stable's b. f. Warrago 94, by Warwick-
Fidelia (Martin), third. Time, 1:44%. Frtd
Gardner, Trix, Yucatan also ran.
Trotting, two-year-olds, two In three: parse,
$400. - '
Owyhee, b. c, by Charles Derby (Chaboya).....l 1
Lottie Lilac, b. f.. by Lilac (Clark) ....22
Highland Lad, b. c., by Dexterwood (Hodges).. 3 3
Central Girl, b. 1, by Nutwood Wllkes (Cecil). .dJs
Time, 2;44V4-2:4lVs-
Pacing, 2:30 class, three In five: parse $500.
Estelle Wilkes, br. in., by Mambrino
Wilkes (Sanders)..... ....6 16 11
Bonnie Belle, b. m., by Whalebone . • , :
(81dd1e)...... 2 3 12 3
Gladys W. eh. m., by Westmont
(Uftfnee) 1 6 2 4 2
Ed Lafferty. b. s., by Charles Derby
(Latterly) 7...' 8 310 8 7
Beech wood, br. m., by . Silk wood ......
(Hodge) ;..;.; 44 3 6 5
Blue Belle, b. m., by San Diego -
(Bennett)..... .................... 8 9 9 3 4
Lizzie E, g. m.. by Illustrious (Hoy) 6 6 4 6 9
Undo, b. m., by Btrathway (Hell
- man)... ;;.-.-. 10 10 6 7 6
Dictatus, eh. by Wllkes (Day)... 9 8 710 " 8
Al Almont, b. h., by Ashland (Mar- •
chand) ............ ... — - .77 9 fldls
Time, 2:21JA— 2:19-2:20-2:19— 2:22.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
, - - ■ ■_ -
- Clubs. Won. Lost. J^
Cincinnati 62 29 .681
Baltimore.'..-.; 68 2 7 .682
Cleveland;..... ................. 57 31 .647
Chicago 63 40 .5 j>
Pittsbur&.Y...;;. ............... 4t* 39 .566
Boston........;.......:....-.;...: 47 89 .646
Brooklyn...... ......;.... 40 8 .465
Philadelphia 89 48 .448
NewYork, 36 51 .413
Washington...;... .-.....;. .v..;v. -r. 34 '60 404
su Louis.-..;.- 28 60 .318
Louisville...... .................. ; 21 64 .^45
BOSTON, Mass., Aug. 5.— A heavy shower
fell just before the hour for beginning the
gams to-day and piny was not called until 4
o'clock. Washington got a big start in the
first inning and held the lead till near the end.
Play was exceedingly brilliant, especially by
Long and De Montreville. Attendance 1200.
Score: Bostons 5, 9, 1; Washlngtons 4,6,3.
Batteries— Sullivan and Bergen, Mercer and
McGuire. Umpire— Lynch.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 5.-C«nter-flelder
Holmes pitched his first game to-day, and
Pittsburg knocked him out of the box in the
eighth inning. Louisvilles 9, 11, 3; Pittsbures
13. 19, 4. Batteries— Holmes. Herman and
Dexter; Hastings, Hughe? and Merritt Um
pire—McFarland.
BROOKLYN, N, V., Aug. 5.-The Brooklyns
won to-day's game in the third inning, s coring
six runs on four singles, Corcoran's home run,
Cooley's muff and Cross' hijrh throw to the
plate. Keener was hit hard and poorly gup
ported. Payne was in good form unul the
ninth inning, when errors by La Chance and
Corcoran, two singles, a double and a triple
brought in three runs. Score: Brooklynsß,
11, 2; Philadelphias 3, 7, 4. Batteries— Payne
and Burrill; Keener and Clements. Umpire-
Hirst.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. s.— Esper was in
fine fettle to-day and was given fine support.
Two singles, followed by Connaughton's home
run drive to the open stand in the fifth
inning, gave the visitors three runs. Gleason's
two-bagger and outs by the two following bats
men, allowed the fourth tally. Clarke was
batted almost at will by the champions and
his supDort was bad. Attendance 1200.
Score: Baltimores 10, 15. 1; New Yorlcs 4, (5.
4. Batteries— Esper and Clarke; Clarke and
Warner. Umpire— Sheridan.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 5.-Xo game.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Wonderfully Fast lime Made in Har
; ' ness Races at Columbus, Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. s.— The unusu
ally hot weather resulted in generally fast
time being made at the Columbus Driving
Park races to-day, but no records were
broken. The weather was excellent and
the track fast. The average time of the
day's races is probably the best ever made
in one day since harness racing began as
a sport. Tne attendance was very large.
In the first heat of the 2:25 pace.Silk
Woodnut fell and was run over by Red
Oak, who was just behind. Neither of the
horses nor their drivers was badly hurt.
Silk Woodnut waV distanced, but the other
was allowed to remain in the race. The
defeat of Clay worth in the 2:09 trot was a
surprise, the horse being a universal fa
vorite and winning but one heat. . . . ■ .
To-morrow is the oig day of the season,
Joe ; Patchen, Rubenstein and Robert J
going in the free-for-all pace. The horses
are on the grounds and in good condition.
To-day's summaries:
Free-for-all trot, purse $2000, Fantasy won,
Newcastle second, Fred B third. Best time,
2:llJ£. .
2:oy trot, purse $1500, ; Kentucky Union
won, Klnmatii second, Bonner , third. Best
time. 2:07^. .
2:25 pace (postponed), Planet won, Sherman
Clay second, Silver Chimes third. Best time,
2: 10.^.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. s.— Newport
results:
Six furlongs, Doorjra won. Cyclone second,
Prytannia third. Time, 1:15.
Hve furlongs, Belle Bramble won, Sociano
second, Ben Brown third. Time, 1 :02.
One mile and fifty yards, Cecil won, Rasper
second, Elsie D third. Time, 1:45^.
Four and a half furlongs, Turtle Dove won,
Pouting second, Ethel Farrel third. Time,
Seven furlongs, Dr. Kellog won, La Gascogne
second, Skate third. Time, 1:30.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. V., Aug. 5.-
Mile and a sixteenth, Marshall won, Premier
second, Sir Dixou third. Time, 1 :48J-2-
Half a mile, Ben Ronald won, Seiiguick sec
ond, King Ban third. Time, :49>£.
Six furlongs, Tremargo won, Graciosa sec
ond, El:za Belle third. Time, 1:15.
Mile and an eighth, The Dragou won, Illu
sion second. Time, 1 :55%.
Five furionsrs, Bunny Slope won, Slowpoke
second, Rotterdam third. Time, 1 :03J-2.
Half a mile, Kaiser Ludwig won, News
Gatherer second, Passover thira. Time, :49J^.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. s.— Results to
day :
Six furlongs, Topmast won, Bettie Hill sec
ond, Henry Higgins third. Time, 1:17.
Five and half furlongs, Horseshoe Tobacco
won, Ivory second, Atoka third. Time, 1:10.
Seven and a half furiongs, Amelia May won,
Lindsay second, Chisweli third. Time, I:2s}^.
One mile, Barbnrossa won, Battledore sec
ond, St. Pancras third. Time, 1:42%
Six lurlongs, Aquinas won. Magnet second,
Lady Brittanic third. Time, 1 :14%.
Five and a half furlongs, Marie C won, Sugar
Foot second, Remember Me third. Time uot
taken.
BBUTTE, Mont., Aug. s.— The short
enders made a clean sweep on the West
Side track. Not a single favorite took a
race and few cot places. Summaries:
Trotting— 2 :2o class, purse $600, Juan Justi
ana won, Tom Tucker second, Meteor third.
Best time, 2 :20^.
Pacing— 2:o7 class, purse $1000, Fell Fare
won, Keen K utter second, Pathmcnt third.
Best time, 2:12.
Running— Six furlongs.handlcap.purse $300,
Baby Ruth won, imp. Sain second, Model
third. Time, 1:14^.
Mile and an eignth, the Butte handicap,
purse $1000, Flashlight won, Montana second,
Billy McUoakey third. Time, l:58>-<(.
Seven furlongs, purse $250. McPryor won,
Democrat second, Latonia third. Time, 1:31%
ALL WERE DISQUALIFIED.
Five Xachta Start in a Race and but One
Finished.
COWES, Eng., Aug. s.— The regatta of
the Royal Yacht Squadron, Commodore
the Prince of Wales, was continued to
day. The yachts started at 10 o'clock this
morning for the squadron's prize of £100,
sailing over the course from Cowes round
the East Lepe buoy, thence eastward
round the Warner lightship and back to
Cowes, a distance of twenty-four miles,
twice around. The starters were the Prince
of Wales' Britannia, Emperor William's
Meteor. W. H. Walkers Caress, A. Bar
clay Walker's Ailsa and Mrs. C. Drose's
Satanita.
A strong northeast wind was blowing
and the start was made in fine style, the
yachts going across the line at almost the
same time. The wind continued to blow
very fresh. When off Ryde, the Meteor,
sailing very fast, with everything drawing
for all it was worth, carried away her top
mast and bowsprit, which put her out of
the race. The Britannia, Satanita and
Caress went on the wrong side of one of
the mark boats and as this disqualified
them they gave up the race. The Ailsa
continued and won, but was disqualified
at the finish and the race will be resailed.
GOOD SNOOTING AT LITE BIRDS.
Illinois Team yo**t and the lowa Indian*
Tied on Tup Score.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. s.— The team
contest in the Dup^nt live-bird shooting
tournament took place to-day at Watson's
Park, some close and excellent scores
being made. Illinois team No. 2 and the
lowa Indians scored the highest — 49 each,
and 48 points each were scored by Pitts
burg, the Summer Club and the Ohio
team. The Omaha team took rank in the
third place, with a score of 47. The other
teams and their scores were as follows:
Kansas City, Garden City and Winson
ream No. 1, 46 each; Ohio Nos. 2 and 3,
Kentucky, South Chicago and New York
teams, 45; Western lowa and Baltimore,
44; OM People and Buffalo Audubon, 43;
Indiana, 42; Evanston Club, Ottumwa.
41; Pistakee, Garfleld, St. Paul, Council
Bluffs, 40; Nebraska team No. 2, Tennes
see, 39; Kansas, 37.
BAN DIEGO ACCIDENT.
Deteelive Inttley oj I/O* Angele* It Prob
ably fatally Shot.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. s,— George T.
Insley, chief of the Insley detective bu
reau of Los Angeles, was accidentally shot
tnrough the left breast above the heart to
night at 9 o'clock in the stable of the
Albemarle Hotel. He was taking a 44
--caliber Colt's revolver from under & buggy
seat, when it was discharged, the ball
passing directly through his body. Ex-
Sheriff Ben T. Hill was near by and sum
moned physicians Dy telephone. Insley
was carried to the Albemarle Hotel. He
suffered a slight hemorrhage soon after
the accident. The ball flattened, and the
doctors believe it struck a rib and glanced,
fortunately for the wounded man. Insley
has been long in the detective service, and
stands high as a man and an officer. He
may recover.
DIED.
BARRETTJE— In this city, August 2. 1896, Wil-
fred, beloved sun of Xavler and Josephine Bar-
rette, a. member of Potrero Council No. 74, V.
: * M. 1., a native of Canada, aged 28 years.
*S"Kemalns at the parlor* of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 fifth street. Notice of
■:..■! funeral In Friday moraine's piper. '■':.. - .. -
HUOHES-In this" city,- August 6, 1896, Kate
Felicia, wife of T. A. Hughes, a native of Cali-
■-,, fornia, aged 36 years and 11 months. ■ •--. it- •
*3"iSotlce of funeral In Friday morning's pa-
per. • : :.. » - •■ ■ - -■
FRUIT IN FULL SUPPLY,
Slight Falling Off in the Crops
of the West This
Year.
But an Unusually Large Yield in the
New England States Is
Report d
BOSTON, Mass., Aug. s. —The American
Agriculturist, in its next issue, will pub
lish the following regarding the fruit
crops of 1896: Taking the country as a
whole, the fruit crops of 1896 may be put
down as full ones. While there have been
some shortages in the Southern States
and also in the territory west of the Rocky
Mountains, this fact has not cut much of
a figure in the North and East, where
yields of the early varieties have been
abundant and prospects for later vine and
tree fruits good to excellent.
Special investigation prosecuted by this
journal and a summary of the exhaustive
returns from correspondents everywhere
show that the older Middle and Eastern
States have fared better than sections
further West. This is no doubt due in
some degree to better attention on the
part of horticulturists. While isolated
sections, both East and West, suffered
some through winter killing, vines and
orchards, as a rule, entered the spring in a
healthy condition and subsequantly en
joyed an abundance of moisture and
warmth, conducive to plant growth and
development.
It is a significant fact that where culti
vation and spraying have been most dili
gently and thoroughly followed results
are best. The home market must be de
pended upon to absorb practically all the
fruit crop", with the exception of apples,
which will no doubt go abroad inconsider
able quantities the coming winter, as there
is some shortage in Europe.
According to reports received the New
England States had a most uniform fruit
crop, more so than any other part of tho
country. The yield in Eastern New York
is large, especially in apples, grapes and
some other varieties. There will be a lame
surplus of winter apples for export to
Europe, these coming into sharp competi
tion with fruit from Canada's good crop.
Returns from the Mississippi and Missouri
Valleys are more uneven, but in the aggre
gate there will be a liberal fruit crop in the
West.
"A NIGHT IN SA USALITO."
Plan* for the Carnival in the Pietur-
esque Resort.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Aug. s.— The first
meeting of the executive committee in
charge of the preparations for "A Night
in Sausalito" was held at the town hall
at 8 o'clock this evening. Although the
citizens generally had not been notified,
there was a fair attendance and interest
in the project seems to be increasing.
When the meeting was called to order
the following chairmen of comniiiteas
were announced: Finance, General John
Dickinson; yachts, Commodore I. Gutte;
press, Fred Raiscb ; transportation, W. H.
Hannon; fireworks, Ben Markley; music,
J. T. Harmes; invitation, C. H. Harrison;
illumination, Thomas Frost; law and or
der, George Dott; carriages, Antone Law
rence; arks, F. M. Cart an.
. It was finally decided to have the car
nival on Saturday, September 26, and, or.
motion of Secretary Prior, a queen will
be voted for, ballots to cost 10 cents.
Prizes will be given to the best-decorated
yacht and merchant vessel in harbor.
The Spiritualists at Redondo.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. s.— The
mediums' conference at the spiritualist
camp-meeting at Redondo this morning
was led by Mrs. D. N. Place. J. B. Love
land made the leading speech of the meet
ing on the necessity of wider education
along spiritualistic lines. T. G. Newman
spotce on "The Pathway of the Spirit."
Maud Freitag followed with a number of
excellent tests. A platform ha? been
erected at the back of the amphitheater
where the first camp dance was held this
evening.
Napa'a Fair Suicide Buried.
NAPA, Cal., Aug. s.— The funeral of
Jeanette Sayre, the unfortunate yoang
woman whose body was recovered from
Napa River on Monday night, was held
to-day. The Coroner's jury had brought
in a verdict of drowning, without deciding
whether it was accidental or suicidal, but
Miss Sayre left a letter to her sister stat
ing her intention to destroy herself, which
was discovered since the inquest.
Gift to Lick Observatory.
LICK OBSERVATORY, Cal., Aug. 5.—
The director of the Lick Observatory has
received a letter from Miss Caroline W.
Bruce of New York City, inclosing a check
for $ICOO, to be expended in purchasing
needed apparatus for use at the observa
tory. This gift, together with that of the
Hon. W. W. Law of New York, lately re
ceived, makes it possible to carry on im
portant work which would otherwise have
to be laid aside.
A Death at Bennett Valley.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., Aug. s.— Mrs.
Polly Kennedy died Monday evening at the
home of her daughter, Mrs. Bone, in Ben
nett Valley. She was a pioneer of this
county and had reached the goodly age of
81 years. One son, Charles Kennedy, and
two daughters, Mrs. Bone ana Mrs. Clas
son, survive her. The interment took
place yesterday in the Bennett Valley
cemetary.
Santa Barbara* New Railway.
bANTA BARBARA, Cal., Auk. s.— lt
transpires that the cause of the new Con
solidated Electric Railway's delay in get
ting its trolley wire in place was due to
the fact that the wire went with the ill
fated Colombia. Another lot ordered by
wire from the East has been snipped by
fast freight and will be here in a few days.
The line will soon be In operation.
Wanted at Martinez.
WALNUT CREEK, Cal., Aug. 5.— J. L.
Crowell, a solicitor for the California Acci
dent Company, hired a horse and buggy
at a livery stable in Martinez and came on
to this vUJage. Since then he has not been
seen or heard from. A warrant charging
grand iarceny has been ißsued and a de
scription of Crowell sent over the State.
Thompson Held for Trial.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. 5.— 80b
Thomson, the prizefighter, was held in
the District Court yesterday in bonds of
$2500 on the charga of killing Carter in a
recent mill. The argument was on a mo
tion to dismiss, which Justice Wagner
overruled. The cases against the athletic
club and the referee of the fight will next
be taken up.
Lake County Convention Called.
LAKEPORT. Cal., Aug. s.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee has
issued a call for primaries to elect
delegates to a county convention to
be held here August 18, at which county
officers will be nominated and delegates to
the Congressional. Senatorial and Assem
bly conventions elected.
CHOCTAW NATIONAL ELECTION.
Much Dependn on the Outcome of the
Content for Chief.
ATOKA, I. T., Aug. s.— The national
election of the Choctaw Nation was held
to-day and the Dawes committee is
anxiously awaiting the result. If Hon.
Green McCurtain, the Progressive candi
date, was elected Chief, s committee will
be appointed to negotiate with the com
mittee for allotmentand a Territorial form
of government. In the event Jackson,
Dukes or Gardner was eiected the Dawes
committee will be ignored and the Nation
remain a bed of corruption and a refuge
for desperadoes. An effort to disfranchise
the descendants of the Choctaw freedmen
is being made and trouble may result be
fore the polls are closed.
«.
STOCK EXCHANGE STILL CLOSED.
Moore Brothers Expect Aid That Will
Enable Them to Tide Over
the Present Crisis
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 5. — The local
Stock Exchange will remain closed indefi
nitely. President Jamieson said to-rtay
that the exchange would open as soon as
the Moore stocks can be taken care of. W.
H. Moore arrived from New York to-day.
Moore Brothers expect from the Ea3t
such help as will enable them to pull
through the Diamond Match-New York
Biscuit crisis and allow the opening of the
Stock Exchange In a few days. Judge W.
B. Moore brought back with him certain
assurances and promises of Eastern bank
ers, on which he bases the hopes of the
firm of assistance to a large amount in
caring for the match stock.
The executive committee of the Stock
Exchange met at 3 p. m., as per call, but as
no statement was forthcoming from Moore
Bros, an adjournment was taken until 2
p. m. to-morrow.
NEW YORK, N. V., Au?. 5.-Edwin
Gould's attention was called to-day by
the United Associated Press to a dis
patch from Chicago quoting a cable from
Mr. Barber, received by the Moore Bros.,
in which Mr. Barber denied statements
made by the Continental Match Company
that the French contract had not been
closed with the Diamond Match Company.
For answer Mr. Gould handed the re
porter a copy of a letter from Director
General Favaletti, of the French match
factories in which the latter says:
"I again wish to confirm that the con
tract which had been drawn up between
Mr. Barber and my administration has
not received the approval of the minister."
Mr. Gould added that the French ex
peris, M. de Watteville and M. Ricaud,
arrived here on the steamer Laßourpogne
on Sunday and spent all of yesterday
afternoon and are to-day at his factory
examining his new continuous process
machine. He thought further comment
was unnecessary.
SHOT HIS WIFE AND HIMSELF.
An Austrian Immigrant Finds the
Woman Is Unfaithful.
HARTFORD, Co>-*., Aug. s.— An at
tempt at murder and suicide because of
jealousy occurred on Potter street this
afternoon. The man who attempted mur
der is dead and his victim, who was mar
ried to him in Austria,- is dangerously
wounded. The man's name is Stonna
Ronvenitz and the woman, who he claims
is his wife, is known as Mrs. Frank Dono
vitz. She was living with a man of that
name and kept a boarding-house for Aus
trian laborers. He came direct from New
York, where he- had just arrived from
Austria. He had heard that the woman
was living with another man and about
3:30 o'clock Ronvenitz shot the woman in
the left temple and then fired a shot into
his own head, dying instantly.
Falling Scaffold Disaster.
PIQUA, Ohio, Aug. s.— The scaffold on
a school building being erected at Coving
ton, six miles of here, pave way this
morning while several men were at work.
Emanuel Fox of Marysvilie fell sixty feet,
breaking his neck, and was dfad when
picked up. Homer Maddox of Marysvilie
sustaineil a fracture of tbe skuil and can
not recover. The others had narrow es
capes, some clinging to a chimney ana
some to portions of the scaffold nntii they
could be rescued.
Miners' Wages Fixed by a Court.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Aug. s.— The Dis
trict Court to-day appointed \V. H. Grif
fith receiver of the rich Weldon mine. It
is believed that the adjustment of this
squabble of the owners will be the indirect
means of ending the long and disastrous
strike of miners in this city. The court
to-day fixed the wages at the Weldon mine,
which employs hundreds of men.
— » -.
Florida's Convention.
OCALA, Fla., Aug. s.— The Populist
State Convention met here at 2 p. M.
Professor Borden was made chairman and
the various committees appointed. At
Bp. M., the committees not being ready,
the convention adjourned until to-mor
row.
m n*«ai™r INGSi qtjeeNS AND
mighty potentates use sarsaparillo. If
they use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
they are not covered with boils, pimples
and facial blemishes. Joy's does the
wark quietly and harmlessly. Use
DOCTOR COOK
NO PHYSICIAN OF MODERN TIMES
is better prepared or more thoroughly
equipped for the practice of his profession
than this noted specialist. He cures
chronic diseases of every character and
meet 3 with unequaled success in the trea -
ment of Nervons Debility, Lost or failing
Manhood, Exhausting Drains, Weakening
Dreams, Varicocele, Hydrocele, Gonor-
rhea, Gleet, Stricture, Syphilis and kindred
ailments.
Cases that have baffled the skill of other
physicians, especially desired. Positive
cures guaranteed, t
Write if you cannot call, as the doctor's
system of mail treatment is absolutely
perfect and always satisfactory. Hours:
9t012 a. m., 2to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
IMPTfIR MM 865 market st.,
UilblUn UIM, San Francisco; Cal.
la the light that will bring a great bT*
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see bow strong and ; vigorous your now
weak Dody can be made. Hndyan is for
■• man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
I that it is simply wonderful how harmless
iit is. You can et it from nowhere but
i from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
I for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator Is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors-d by the leading scientifio
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of th«
discbaree in twenty days. Cures LOSr
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t«vitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens,, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is 4
as cheap as any other remedy. •<.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotenoy in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to sert.
Ous private. disorders, carries myriads of sore-
producing (terras. Then come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falline nair. You can save a trip to Ho; Spring*
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write far
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
20 years of
satisfaction.
. That means that the
v ''STANDARD" shirts
are "all right." They
have stood the test. Do
you wear them ? If not,
why not? They're
made in California.
•
" fTRADfe I*
N.B.
I MARK I
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATE M E NT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, UN • THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of (he state of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
I ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
" Bonds owned by Company.. $1,757.485 00
Cash in Company's Office - 481 18
Cash in Banks. :... 61,255 '21
Casti in hands of United States
Trustees.. ...-. 611,656 30
Premiums In due Course of col-
lection.....; ... 217,929 78
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. . . 7,208 33
Total Assets.. 1... $2,655,915 83
I.IABIT.ITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid. ....... 934,332 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ..."..;.... 182,955 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 21,891 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ninz one year or less, $1,867,-
-078 24. reinsurance 50 percent.. 2 933,539 12
Gro-s premiums on Fire Bisks run-
ning more than one year, $1,116,-
-282 67, reinsurance pro rat a 577,838 03
All other demands against the Com- -
pany 149,640 93
, Total Liabilities 91,900,196 07
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received i for Fire
premiums .................:........ 92,043,397 2ft
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
alt other sources 68.238 i
Total Income 92,111,635 30
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding 9228,892 00 losses of pre-
vious year 5).:...... 91,160,124 88
Paid or allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage 384,246 IS
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
■ chances for officers, clerks, etc... - 108,883 61
Paid for State, ; National and local ■
taxes.. 47,194 26
All other payments and expend 1- :
tnres.. ;. 133,033
Total Expenditures 91,833.481 87
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year 91,160,726 00
Bisks and Pbjs- Fire Risks. Premiums.
g^ES mvics.
X et amount of Risks ~*
written during the
y*»* .....;. 1 9370,207.2 64 93,497,75408
Ne; amount of Hlsks
expired during the
year.;.............. 369,271,198 3,318,489 20
Net amount in force
December 31,
1895......... 297,321.742 2,983,36091
K. B. CLARK, Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day
of January, 1896. - ;■
GEO. O. RI'GKR, Notary Public
PH(ENIX ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON,
Established 17» 2.
PROVIDENCE WASHINGTON INS. CO.
OF BHODK ISLAND,
Incorporated 1799. t
BUTLER & H ALDAN,
Gen'l Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
.SAN FRANCISCO.
is TttK VKUV UK*! ONE TU EXAJIIxi
A jroiir •r«« mm ell taem to spectacles and K»».
; gIM«M with LftMrutniata of hi* own iavtauo*.
**OM«U|>«iiiui<jr t*s not bean equal*! Ms ix?
• HiihM ba«u da* to the menu iv my waxit
i>oux Houw-lJ Mtr.it . .
. OOBMOPOIIIT A.TXT.
Opposite V. a Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St.. Han
Francisco, Cal.-Th ( . most select family •hotel iS
the city. Board and room 91, $1 25 and $1 50 per
2K 1 ■iMi oB^ «»in..-. i Me.i > 25c. Room, 60c
and « 5c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel
Look for the coach bearing the name of th* Cot
mopolitan Hotel. WJL F AH£ V, PropritWc!CHAINS, BULLETS
AND MASKED MEN
J. A. Campbell, the Missing
Hawaiian Millionaire,
Returns.
TELLS A LURID TALE.
How He Was Decoyed Into a
Strange Room, Bound, Shot
at and Robbed.
A BULLET-HOLE IN HIS HAT.
Captain Lees and the Other Detec
tives Confer and Search for
the Suspected Miscreants.
James A. Campbell, the largest indi
vidual taxpayer on the Hawaiian Islands,
an elderly man, said to be worth
16,000,000, returned to the Occidental last
night with a story to the effect that he
was the victim of a bold conspiracy to
rob him of a large sum of money.
He left nis hotel last Monday afternoon
in company with a man of notorious repu
tation. Tuesday morning he was to have
sailed on the Australia for his home in
Honolulu, passage having been already
engaged for himself, his wife and two little
daughters.
As he failed to appear at the pier up to
the hour of sailing Mrs. Campbell can
celed the tickets and, returning to the
hotel, notified Detective Curtin and
he and his men began a search for the
missing millionaire. Yesterday morning,
however, the case was called to the atten
tion of Chief of Detectives Lees.
Ali day the force was on the alert for a
trace of Campbell or of tLe man with
v.horn he was last seen. Neither was
found by the detectives or by the police.
It was reported that at hve minutes before
noon the man who bad left the Occidental
with the wealthy planter entered an up
town office ana made certain inquiries.
He was gone and left no trace when the
detectives arrived.
At 12 minutes before 9 o'clock last night
th« tall old capitalist walked into the
Occidsntal office and went at once to the
elevator. He was accompanied by his
friend Frod Wundenberg, Postmaster-
General of Hawaii during the monarchy.
Mr. Wundenberg had only met Mr.
Campbell on the sidewalk near the hotel.
The two men went at once to the
Campbell apartments — a suite of rooms on
the second tioor, Montgomery-street
front — where the nnxious wife was plan
ning with Attorney C. W. Ashford, a for
mer resident of Honolulu, and "Gov
ernor" E. G. Freeth as to the course to be
pursued on the morrow.
When her husband suddenly appeared
upon the scene, well and apparently un
injured after his inexplicable absence of
over two days and two nights, Mrs. Camp
bell tainted, and her condition became so
aliirming that no other thing was thought
of just then but a doctor.
While Mr. Ashford and. Mr. Freeth
were hastily summoning a physician and
telephoning for Detectives Lees and Cur
tin Mrs. Campbell revived, and the order
for a doctor was countermanded in ac
cordance with a determination to keep
everything as quiet as possible.
In tlie meantime the husband told the
story of his absence. He said that he had
gone out by appointment with a friend.
Tbey went into a saloon and had a drink.
Having withdrawn to a side-room they
were in conversation, when a masted man
suddenly entered and, covering Campbeil
with two pistols, said, ''Give up." He
didn't give up. There was a tussle.
A shot was tired and a bullet passed
through the millionaire's hat. He was
overpowered and. to use his own words,
"was chained to the floor." He was
robbed. Last night he was lioerated and
given a nickel for cariare. It all occurred
somewhere near the French Hospital.
This is in substance what Mr. Campbell
told his wife.
Then Detectives Lees and Oortin and
three other men — including the one who
had been detailed in the hotel office for
two days — arrived, and a discreet silence
became the watchword.
After over a half hour's consultation
Lees telephoned lengthy orders to his as
sistants at headquarters and returned to
the room while Mr. Ashford hurried away
from the hotel to engage a hack as de
velopments showed. Soon after Campbell
himself, Curtin and one of his assistants
left the hotel by tbe side entrance and
started toward Market street.
Lees came down shortly and refused ab
solutely to say anything about the case
and walked leisurely up Montgomery
street. In the entrance to the Masonic
Temple Campbell and the two detectives
awaited the chief. He joined them and at
the Kearny-street corner of Post street a
carriage came quickly up and the whole
party was driven rapidly up Post street.
It was then 10:30 o'clock. They were
going to visit the place where the old gen
tleman had been held in durance vile.
Mr. Campbell came into the Occidental
Hotel about 1:30 o'clock this morning.
He was escorted by a man, presumably a
detective of the Curtin agency.
The only answer he gave to the in
quiries of tbe reporters was, "Please do
not ask me anything now. lam too tired
and have not slept lor several nights."
Mr. Campbeil walked up the stairs as if
bavinar gone through a severe ordeal. His
escort repeated his inability to answer any
questions, saying. "He can't answer any
questions to-night; don't ask him, gentle
men."
James A. Can: p bell is a very tall, wiry
man of angular build. For his' age he is
strong and active, a physical condition in
auced by years of hard work. Ir. 1850 he
went to Honolulu. He was then a boy of
20, an apprentice to a ships carpenter. He
was born in the north of Ireland.
His father was Scotch. In time
he accumulated some property and con
tinued to ada to his wealth. He owns a
Handsome residence on Emma street, in
Honolulu, and another at Kapiolani Park.
He owns plantations on several of the
islands. One of these ranches alone is re
puted to furnish an income of $45,000 per
annum.
In Honolulu he owns business blocks.
Altogether, he is the moneyed man of the
Republic of Hawaii.
The Lahaina plantation which he first
owned in partnership with Henry Turton
proved to be a stepping-stone to his great
wealth.
He early made sugar mills with his own
hands and with his own hands tended
the L'reat iron kettles io which the sugar
was boiled, crawling wrapped in wet sacks
under the furnaces to repair the flaws.
It was his great physical energy and his
inherent tenacity that made him a danger
ous old man for persons to tackle with
intent to torture or intimidate into paying
a ransom.
About sixteen years ago be waa married
to a native Hawaiian, and four girls are
the result of that union. Three months
ago Mr. Campbell came here with bis
family, and recentl ■• the two olc«r girls
were put in the college of Notre Dame in
San Jose.
In a year Mr. Campbell was to return
from the islands and take his daughters
on a tour of the world. He would not
have them educated at Honolulu, as he
entertains a violent dislike for the mis
sionary element.
He is a royalist himself. He made his
fortune under the monarchy, and when
the misaionaries, whom he had so often
remembered in a handsome way, gave
their sympathy to the republic, he became
bitterly opposed to them.
Some time ago Mr. Campbell, it is said,
was a heavy drinker. Then he gave up
drink entirely. Since his arrival in this
City and during his associations with sev
eral companionable tipplers he took kindly
to his afternoon toddy once more, and on
one or two occasions, it is asserted, he
showed signs of tbe times.
The presumption is raised that Mr.
Campbell may again have returned to his
old fondness for liquor; may have been
off for a quiet time, and may have seen tit
to keeD up a plausable story by engaging
the detectives to aid him in carrying out
his plan.
COLORED SUFFRAGISTS.
Much Interest la Being Stirred Up by
Mrs. >aomi Anderson's lectures
in Oakland.
"I am astonished to observe the inter
est and enthusiasm which the woman suf
frage campaign has stirred up among the
colored people across the bay."
Tims did the Rev. J. E. Edwards, pastor
of the African Metnodist Episcopal
church of Oakland, pay tribute to the elo
quence of Mrs. Naomi Anderson, whose lec
tures across the bay have proved fully as
successful as her course in this City. The
pastor, who is always a welcome guest at
tue Woman Suffrage Bureau, dropped in
there yesterday to cheer the friends of the
cause by giving them a glowing yet truth
ful picture of an important branch of tbe
work to which they have pledged their
best endeavors.
"Mrs. Anderson." pursued the reverend
gentleman, "is a wonderful orator. Mak
ing no attempt at display, without any
straining after effect, she has a way of
marshaling solid, stubborn facts before
her audience which is most expressive and
convincing. On Tuesday the nucleus of a
club was formed, the permanent organiza
tion of which will be effected on Friday,
when the first meeting is to take place at
the residence of Mrs. Parker, 813 Myrtle
street At laat night's lecture the ques
tion of woman suffrage was put to a vote
and the immense audience was unanimous
in its favor. It looks as though the cause
could rely upon Oakland's colored vote."
SUFFRAGE VS. SOCIALISM
Miss Anthony Addresses a Meet
ing at the Turk-Street
Temple.
She Edits a Query Column and Im
parts Some Homely Bits of
Wisdom.
Miss Susan B. Anthony addressed a
meeting of socialists at the Turk-street
Temple last evening, and at the ciose of
her remarks answered a number of queries
relating to woman suffrage. It cannot
be said that the questions asked tbe noted
advocate of her sex an-." 1 , ezceedinely quick
witted lady were burdened with profun
dity or blazing with brilliancy. Tfcey were
unique, however.
One asked if woman, more or less re
ligious, would not carry her faith into
politics, and io mix church and state in
confusion worse confounded. Miss An
thony replied that the influence of any de
no initiation or an/ minister of the gospel
could not be detrimental to a state founded
on the principles of morality, and more
over the influence of a clergyman who was
dependent upon his congregation for his
sustenance could not exert a very over
whelming influence over the individual
members of his flock.
He could not have nearly so much influ
ence as the great corporations upon whom
so many voters were dependent for their
daily bread.
Another querist asked if women, who
are generally ignorant of the principles of
government, could use the ballot lor her
own and the improvement of tbe masses.
The answer was that the workingmen
had been voting in tbis country for a cen
tury, and, according to the socialists, their
political and economic condition was most
deplorable.
One doubting Thomas asserted that
women were intellectually inferior to
men, and also that she bad no knowledge
of economic and labor questions. He was
told that the first seven years of a boy's
life were in the hands of his mother, and
during that time she laid the foundation
of his future intellect and usefulness in
the world. She imparted the same in
struction to his sisiers, and their early
training was identical.
The schools were now graduating three
girls to one boy and the higher educa
tional institutions at the ratio of five girls to
three boys. Intelligent men always sought
the society of women and unless the
former were like oysters closed tightly in
their own individual shells they certainly
would impart some of their intellectual
gifts to the latter.
In answer to a question why the woman
suffragists did not ally themselves to the
labor cause Miss Anthony answered that
a woman was a cook and baker and always
had been, and was in sympathy with their
cause, but she could only be ot use to them
and their brother workers when she had
the ballot.
She was not a partisan, only a suffragist.
And regarding a woman's alleged econ
omic ignorance, she asked what man could
make a dollar go as far as could a woman.
One speaker got the floor and uproari
ously asserted that a woman who could
not trust her husband to do hervoting, he,
the speaker, would not have for a mother.
He quoted Christ, St. Paul and went
back into the dust of Egyptian centurien
to prove that a woman was at the bottom
of the world's bad luck.
The chairman apologized for permitting
him to talk with the explanation that tbe
orator was evidently wound up, and it
was bet'fcr to let him run down. A num
ber of other speeches of the same caliber
were indulged in, while Miss Anthony sat
patiently and listened.
MYRIADS OF DOLLARS.
The Mint in ThU City Will Make
Three-Ouarters of a Million This
Month.
Silver seems to be coming to the front
in Borne sort of a way, at least as far as
the United States mint in this City is con
cerned. Yesterday Superintendent Dag
gett said that during the present month
750,000 standard silver dollars would be
coined in addition to the usual subsidiary
coinage.
Mr. Daggett has just returned from a
brief outing in the northern part of the
State and seems to have been much bene
fited by his temporary escape from the
daily grind of official duty.
• — ♦ — «
Will Sleet to itattfy.
A grand Republican ratification meeting
will be held at American Hall, corner of
Pacific and Leavenworth streets, on Men
day evening, August 10. It will be under
the auspices of the Forty-second Assembly
District McKinley Club.
To Meet W. H. Alford.
Friday evening the Iroquois Club will
receive Hon. W. H. Alford, chairman of
tbe Democratic State Central Committee,
and Colonel William P. Sullivan, chair
man of the general committee of the
Democratic party of San Francisco.
There are seventy-two places called St.
Etlenne in Prance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
ALL WANT THE
PESTHOUSE MOVED
San Francisco Improve
ment Clubs Much In
terested.
CITY REFORMS IN VIEW.
A Little Difference of Opinion
Over Committee
Work.
IN REVIEWING INJUNCTIONS.
Partial Victory for the Clubs in
Their Fight Against the "Rat
tler Test."
The San Francisco Association of Im
provement Clubs met last evening at B'nai
B'ritn Hall and discussed matters of par
ticular interest to the City. There was a
large attendance, so that the meeting was
a thoroughly representative one viewed
from all districts. James D. Fhclan pre
sided.
C. D. Samuels reported for the law and
legislative committee with regard to its
work in preventing the >ale of the Gearj"
street franchise, rie related how he and
others had secured the injunctions which
were served on the Supervisors last Mon
day stopping proceedings in the franchise
matter. He also made a complaint that
he had not received all the assistance from
the law and legislative committee that he
should have. In fact, he claimed that
more assistance came from outside parties
than from the committee.
The report was received, and imme
diately Secretary I. Schwartz moved that
A. P. Van Duzer and George R. Kankin
be requested to resign from the commit
tee. This gave rise to a discussion that
lasted a long time, and brought out strong
opinions on ooth aides. A member pro
tested that it was a very harsh measure,
even foolish, and at best showed poor judg
ment. John Rafferly differed from him
and supported Schwartz. Dr. rfalfield, as
chairman of the committee, talked against
the motion.
"If any one was delinquent," said he,
"it was the committee on finance in fail
ing to collect funds for this purpose. Mr.
Van Duzer met with an accident and could
not attend. Not one of these gentlemen
fell down. The iegai papers were got
out in time and referred to Mr. Samuels."
George R. Fletcher, chairman of the
finance committee, took issue with Sal
neld with regard to delinquency on the
part of his committee. He had tne neces
sary money when called upon to defray
the legal expenses of the injunction pro
ceedings.
A. B. Maguire insisted that everything
had been done in the matter; the associa
tion should, therefore, be satisfied and the
motion ought not to prevail.
The secretary was asked to withdraw
the motion.
"I cannot possibly withdraw my mo
tion," said Schwartz. "The matter would
have gone by default if left to the com
mittee. ' There would have been no in
junctions."
The motion was lost by a large negative
vote.
What appeared to be a reasonable and
satisfactory explanation was made by Van
Duzer after the association had stood by
him, and the matUr was such, so he said,
that no apology was due the meeting
from him. "I understand why this was
done," he added. *\L can see through the
motion of Mr. Schwartz, but I've nothing
to say to that. I'm sorry the motion was
defeated."
With these covert remarks he took his
seat and the motion was expunged from
the minutes.
For the committee on the rattler test for
rock Van Duzer reported that through the
committee's efforts Richmond and the
Sunset District were exempted from the
test. He also gave it as his opinion that
the amendatory order now before the
Supervisors for a license on quarries was
unconstitutional. The committee was
given a vote of thanks.
L. J. Dwyer called for a reoort on the
Pesthouse removal. Dr. Rottanzi re
ported from tne committee on public
buildings that he had seen the Mayor,
but received no satisfaction. The report
was received as progressive.
The chair announced that I. Schwartz
and A. P. Van Duzer were appointed as
delegates to the charter convention.
The Fourth-street Improvement Club
in a letter stated that Messrs. Sullivan,
Ladd, King, Nolan and Hammond had
been elected delegates to the association.
A Tote of thanks to the Supervisors for
appropriating money for the Mission High
School was tendered.
Dwyer moved that it was the sense of
the association that a petition be pre
pared calling for the removal of the Pest
house. From the \vest of Castro Street
Club a protest was promptly made and a
request that the associated clubs would
not advocate removal to the Aimshouse
tract.
"Don't send a curse npon onr digtrict,"
exclaimea a member of the Fairmount
Club. "It is a growing district, thougn it
suffers through neglect of the City
Fathers. The Pesthouse would ruin it."
Salfield wanted the west of Van Ness
avenue and Mission street reserved, and
A. J. Fritz asked for a petition to the
Supervisors that the hospital be not
placed on the Aimshouse park.
Van Duzer, Dwyer, G. L. Centa and
Maguire claimed that it was unfair to
make distinctions of districts. Maguire
moved to lay on the table, which motion
was carried.
The following communication was re
ceived and referred to the transportation
committee:
■ To the San Francisco Anociatcd Improvement
Clubs— Gentlemen: At a regular meeting of
the West of Castro-street Improvement clubs
on Friday evening, July 24, a resolution was
passed requesting the San Francisco Associated
Improvement Clubs, through its committee on
street mil ways, to try to induce the Market
street Railway Company to issue transfers from
its Sixteenth-street line to the caw of the
Potrero and Bay View line and vice-versa, at
least during the early morning hours, thus
enabling the worUng classes to reach their
destination in just the time it takes to go the
roundabout way of Third street.
Tne following was referred to the pub
lic utilities committee:
To the President and Members of the San Fran
cisco Association of Improve7nent Clubs — Gentle
hen: We beg leave to report that at the last
regular meeting of the Western Addition Im
provement Club. Held atCoakley's Hall, Geary
street, neir Central avenue, on the date lust
above written, a resolution was unanimously
adopted and it was ordered that the same be
forwarded to tbe Board of Supervisors in be
half of extending to the Board of Health the
appropriation asked by said board for tbe pur
pose of aiding them in the carrying out of
their good work for the sanitary condition of
the City and its inhabitants. The cause for
such action was governed by tne following
reasons, to wk:
First— That the intended appropriation to be
extended by the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors is less than that
given twenty years ago when the population
and the populated area of the City were hardly
more than half what it is to-day.
Second— That the appropriation extended is
less in proportion for the purposes required
than that of any other city in the United States
of America of over 100,000 inhabitants.
Third— That the appropriation extended to
insure the health of 340.000 citizens is less
than what is paid annually to the janitors who
care for and cleanse the new City Hall.
Fourth— That the appropriation extended is
a miserable and murderous economy. In a
word, this beggarly appropriation sought to be
given by the. Finance Committee of the Board
of Suuervisors means disease, disgrace and
wholesale murder.
In view of the facts herein stated, we earn
estiy supplicate for the co-operation of The
San Francisco Association of Improvement
Clubs, and respectfully and sincerely ask for
the undivided and individual support of each
and every member in behalf of the just claim
and urgent appeal clearly made by the Board
of Health for a larger allowance than that
which is now being scheduled by the Finance
Committee of the Board of SuDervisors, as we
believe that such expenditure of public money
is money expended in a right direction, and
that the health of the people is paramount to
all other issues, and should receive first con
sideration. James Bowlan, President.
Richard O. Bliss, Secretary.
It was decided that the various com
mittees of the association must submit
final reDorts at the next meeting.
FIRE IN THE FAIRMOUNT
Last Evening's Blaze Caused a
Damage of Ten Thousand
Dollars.
Prompt Action of the Fire Department
Prevented a Poss.bie Con
fligration.
The Fairmount Hotel, corner of Market
and Fell streets, narrowly escaped destruc
tion by fire last evening. Owing to the
prompt action of the Fire Department,
however, the fire was checked after de
stroying the stocks of goods contained in
three stores occupying the ground floor of
the hotel building.
At about 8 o'clock flames were seen
among the furniture in Wilson & Co.'s
storage-rooms.
An alarm was sounded from box 76, but
before the department arrived the flames
had gained considerable headway. The
hotel rapidly filled with smoke and the
guests gathered together such effects as
were handy and hurried into the street.
The heat and smoke of the burning fur
niture was suffocating, and for a time
water seemed to have out little effect.
Peyser's Emporium, 1706 market street,
was soon in flames, but owing to the na-
Scene at Last Evening's t-'ire in the Fairmount Hotel Building Wuich Caused a
Damage of $10,000.
ture of the stock a small stream of water
soon extinguished tne tire.
H. Levy's tailoring establishment, 1712
Market street, was slightly damaged by
smoke and water.
Ben True, manager of the Fairmount,
places his loss, principally caused by
smoke and water, at $1000. Wilson Bros.'
loss will amount to about $.5000, which is
covered by insurance. Peyser's Emporium
was damaged to the extent of $500, which
loss is also covered by insurance.
The building, which is owned by Maria
C. de Laveaga, was damaged to the extent
of $3000.
It is presumed that a defective electric
wire was the cause of the blaze, but
Marshul Towe will make a thorough in
vestigation.
During the fire a hand-satchel disap
peared from the room of Mrs. E. Curtis, a
guest at tne hotel. It contained a gold
and silver watch, a purse containing $30 in
gold, passes lor four to Portland by
steamer and a draft for $100. The loss
waa reported at the Central Police Station.
Laurel Republicans.
The Laurel Republican Club will en
gineer mass-meeting to be held in Coak
ley Hall, on Geary street, near Central
avenue, on Tuesday : evening, August 8.
Prominent speaker* will address the ineet
in 8- . . .
New Corporations.
The Mayday Gold and Silver Mining Com
pany was yesterday incorporated by Charles
G. do Lay, Samuel Creba, Jabez Howes, O. D.
McLean and John J. Webb. The capital Btock
is $50,000, of which $1200 hag been sub
scribed.
A. G. Freeman, George A. Flemmlng. E. A.
Baxter, Jot^pu Durney and C. A. Paulden,
yesterday Incorporated the Vlsalia Fruit Xx-
Change. The capital stock is $50,000, all oi
which is subscribed.
Miit on Promissory Notes.
A. L. Tubbs yesterday sued C. H. Holbrook
for $1468 10 due on two promissory notes
dated January 27, 1892.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
PROPERTY-OWNERS
WAX WRATHY.
Will Form an Association j
to Resist the Board
of Health.
LAND-OWNERS TO JOIN.
They Will Bring Suit Against
Any One Causing Unwar
ranted Destruction.
SEKGEANT PRICE'S EXPERIENCE
One Lessee Admits That Many Build
ings in Chinatown Are Public
Nuisances.
The Chinese are now bearing the weight
of another affliction. In fact, it is seldom
that the Celestial back is free from a load
of trouble. This time they have company.
A few of their sympathetic white land
lords and associates are also in a peck of
trouble.
The Board of Health seems to be the
cause of it. That board believes that in
the fumigation of Chinatown and the sum
mary tearing down of the worst of its
dens of disease lies peace and health for
San Francisco.
What is more the board, seconded by
Dr, Lovelace, has about worked itself up
to the acting point. All this, though the
laying on of violent hands has not the
sanction of Chief of Police Crowley, Chief
of the Fire Department Sullivan, nor Dr.
Fitzgibbon of the board.
In order to offset this the white and
Chinese owners of property in the region
of the almond-eyed will form a protective
association so soon as conditions show the
need of one.
This association will be organized to
prevent the razing of the shanties unless
under proper condemnation proceedings,
and failing in that, to bring suit. All the
prominent Chinese merchants have signi
fied their intention of joining the associa
tion, and say that if the police, the fire
men or anybody else within hearing dis
tance of the American eagle's piercing
shriek attempts to tear down a single
shanty, there will be a row kicked up that
will add to the edification of nations and
make somebody's pocket part company
with the legal coin of the country.
When Sergeant Price made his locally
famous raid on the highbinders about
four years aero, demolished their property,
insulted their divine-faced josses and ex
tinguished their burning punks with the
costliest tea produced in the Flowery
Kingdom, a movement similar to the pres
ent one was started. Sergeant Price was
even prosecuted.
The other day while engaged in the
same line of business for the second time
he laughingly remarked that all the prose
cutors made out of him was the experience
tbey desired. It is on account of the de
cisions rendered in his case that Dr. Hart
and the Board of Health believe suits
against them now will result only in
heavy lawyers' fees on the side of the
property-owners.
Some of the owners of Chinese dwellings j
profess not to believe that the idea of |
forming an association is in progress.
Their reasons for this denial are known
only to themselves.
John Fairrhild, interested in a Chinese
tailoring establishment at 813 Washington 1
street, is also the lessee of many structures i
in the Chinese quarter.
"1 know of no immediate need of such
a movement," he said. "The Chiefs of Po
lice and the Fire Department are opposed
to any high-handed proceedings, and no
one would be fool enough to do it without
their sanction. The only thing they can
do is to condemn the places. This will
produce the effect desired.
"I am obliged to admit that there are
many houses in Chinatown which should
be condemned. They are legion. I would
like to see many of them disappear my
self. But unless they are condemned they
are going to stay there until the elements
destroy them or their owners experience a
change of heart. Should there be any
more attempts to destroy them withont
proper proceedings then there may be an
association, as there was near being one
before, and there will be plenty of suits."
ISO*o^o<<><>o<M>c>--o-c>o-o-CK>>^o<>*O f Cs
f OF SUMMER; GOODS! , I
V, Have you been in the Maze since the CLOSING-OUT SALE began? Not in any *3
g\ ' store in San Francisco can you get the : same value for your money. The -items ad- M\
vertised to-day are only a few samples. Everything must be sold this month,
W\ Don't miss the Bargain Carnival. . ",...' - . **
0 Laces! %
{< 500 dozen White and Butter Color Narrow Valenciennes Lace, new OK** /X
V styles just received, to be closed out at............... <i<Jl/ V
Jk /. -. ooze Jk
6 White and Butter Oriental Lades in All Widths. %
■! r\ . 2 inches wide, to be closed out nt ........'....3V3C r\
' V 4 Inches wide at 7^3 j JG inches wide at........;. 12'^ j V
A 5 inches wide at iOc| | 8 Inches wide at loc q
6 Embroideries! o
0 Irish Point and Guipure Edge Embroideries, worked on good firm cambric, new O
X . styles — dainty patterns. •- • ■ X
0 7 inches wide, to be closed out at ....lOc O
1 ' 8 inches wide : \2\4c\ 110 inches wide....... 15c X
0 5Oc =s= Silk for Waists !=-sOc 6
Q 28 Inches wide, Handsome Pompadour Silks, in four beautiful and distinct color Q
. jT- . combinations, regular value 75c, to be closed out at 50c. jT
\ 6 45c == Brussels Veils !==4 5c x
, : /j New Butter Color Brussels Wash Veils, ; fancy woven dots and figures, edged all r\
j'jT " round, valued at 75c each, to be closed out at 45c. Vr
1 25c==SchooI Stockings !==2 5c ?
; X Boys' School Stockings, with spliced knees and heels, made with three heavy X :
" . V/ threads in those parts and two in the balance. Can't wear 'em out; color \f
iI JL guaranteed absolutely fast; will not crock or turn green; sizes 6to 9; for-5c J<
. \J a pair. " v*
• X 50c == P a " 1 Underwear !==sOc X
j V Two cases Ladies' Sanitary Gray Vests and Drawers. Tbe vests have high necks, jT 1
'! Q finished with Moire ribbon, long sleeves and watered silk front. The drawers O
[j X are cut extra full size, yoke bands and hidden draw tapes. 50c each. T
9 AT 25C— Ribbed T Vests and Drawers.— AT 25c X
! V Ladies' Jersey Ribbed, Silver Gray and Ecru Vests, high necks, long sleeves, extra Sr
, /S fleeced, drawers to match. 25c each. . /*v
$ i.OO==Duck Suits!— si. 0
' ; All sizes' still on hand in several styles, and in dark, medium or light colors. jfE
:%% Cheaper and batter for housewear ■ than a wrapper. Going irrespective of €»
, | jbL former prices at $1 each. '-;•' Jfo±
:?" At 61C-DIMITY !-At 61c X
%w 100 pieces Fancy Striped and Figured Light Ground Dimity, almost 36 inches wide \f
JfL and good value at 10c, for 6j^o. ggg^
X At 2Ic— PILLOWCASES !— At 22C A
5t Hemmed Pillowcases, dry lnundered, 50 inches by 36 inches, 2-inch hem, best qual- JfL
C» ity cotton, Special at 2^'c each. Not more than 3 pairs to one purchaser. \ff
** 'PRoP™sshzV{Q&2s?^
7 : \ MARKET AND TAYLOR STS. -
\ fef if pf?j I
IC^ ~* .-'.■-. ■ j^J
I "Pass Your Plate-" *> ?
S a a
tSLniJHr H ■ i B R«
C Prices of all commodities c
> X have been reduced except tobacco* >
I •'"■ Battle Ax is up to date- |
? Low Price; High Grade; Delicious ?
S Flavor* For JO cents you get S
almost twice as much "Battle %
k Ax" as you do of any other high
£ grade plug-
"WHERE DIRT GATHERS WASTE RULES."
GREAT SAVING RESULTS FROM
THE USE OF
SAPOLIO
f»yyr If I t^yiTlir l^l Baja California
yiSTIPITO,iy Damiana Bitters
►aim!!- I UU colored Spots, Aches. Old SorcsJ* powerful aphrodisiac and spuciflo tools fortn»
HBUlcers in Month, Hair-Falling! Write COOK.HR lexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and i
■R£M£D¥ CO., aO7 Masonic Temple^ great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blai-
KHChlcaito, III.'; for proof* of cures. " CapHH der. A ere»; Restorative, Invigorator anil Nervtn*. ,
gat 8000,000. Worst cases cured in 1553 bells on its own Merits— - long-winded ia«u>
Who 9& day*. lOC-page book free WS ! monlals necessary. -■ .-... ■ >> • ■
KIIMIIIIJ!JIM.JJLJIJiLi'IHUMI-lL 11IL' LPJJil-JI.I IL 1 . 'IIDDHjOS ' MAJb^lt, AtFS Si BRINK, A ent«,
■HSHIHIIHttHHHUHHHHBIV 1 : * 2a Market at., a. .».— ts«nu tor circuuc)
56
fflbt t (E&tt
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PosUjre Free:
Dully and Sunday Call, one week.by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, «1x months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall •• !•&)
Weekly Call, one year, by mall *«W>
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
«•. It ia no trouble for oa to forward THE CAXL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for yon will
mIM it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention. ;
NO EXTKA CHAKUK.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
6SO Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street open until 8:30 o'clock.
713 iarkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
kW. corner Sixteenth and .Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
118 Aim- street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
WH Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI find 88, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY AUGUST 6, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
I'OB PRKSI DENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Obio
FOR TICK-PFB»II)KM-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELKCTION NOVEMBER 8. 1896.
The Call stands for-silver, snd don't you
forget it.
The true friend of silver is a bimetallist,
the silver monometaliist is a crank.
Bryan may have the Populists by the
whiskers, but they are foot free and can
still kick.
If Bryan should be elected he would
cause a bigger panic than Grover did, and
that is perhaps what he aspires to.
If Gorman tries to run a campaign
against Hanna we shall have an illustra
tion of a monkey trying to stop a buzz
saw.
The deficit party has done its worst to
make this a deficit country during the last
four years, and if intrusted with lurther
power it will soon complete the job.
They have silver monometallism in Mex
ico, but what intelligent workingman
who knows what Mexican wages are would
wish such a system in this country?
Every man who believes in the great
principle of reciprocity in international
trade also believes in reciprocal interna
tional treaties for the free coinage of silver.
The man who says the Republican party
stands for the single gold standard or any
other Cleveland policy would say any
thing.
As if free trade were not causing our
gold to be exported fast enough the Demo
crats now propose a policy that would
cause all of it to leave the country in short
order.
If Gorman has bad anything to do with
the management of the Democratic cam
paign so far he has either lost his Drains
or is in grave danger of losing his repu
tation.
While Republican leaders are organizing
the business men of the country to pro
mote prosperity Democratic leaders are
revising Bryan's next speech and trying
to make it sound pretty.
Bear in mind that the Republican Na
tional platform declares for the free coin
age of silver by international agreement
and pledges the party and its candidates
to promote that agreement.
The only way in which silver can be
effectually remonetized is by leading
other nations to remonetize it as well as
ourselves, and that i 3 what the Republi
can party is pledged to do and intends
to do.
The free coinage of silver according to
the Democratic plan would result in the
immediate export of all oureold, thus pro
ducing a restriction of the currency and
putting the United States on a Mexican
money basis.
To restore the industries of the country,
to give work and good wages to all the
people, to provide an adequate revenue
for the Government, and to arrange for
the restoration of international bimetal
lism; that is Republicanism.
A money system that would pay wages
in depreciated coin and lower by half the
value of pensions paid to the veterans of
the Grand Army may be pleasing to dema
gogues and agitators, but it will never
find favor with the American people.
Republican legislation has made the
silver and the paper money of this coun
try equal to gold so that the dollar paid
to the workingman is as good as the dol
lar paid to the millionaire, and the Re
publican party intendß to keep it that way.
The threat of Democratic free trade pro
duced in this country a panic and an in
dustrial depression from which the people
have not yet recovered,. and the election
of Bryan pledging him to carry- free trade
further yet would check at once the grow
ing spirit of enterprise and make the past
disasters more disastrous still.
When the Republican party has restored
the prosperity of the country our Govern
ment will have sufficient prestige in
Europe to promote the cause of bimetal
lism, but under a Democratic administra
tion the Government will be discredited
and all hope will be lost of establishing
international bimetallism for the next
four years.
The Republican party is now and has
been always unalterably opposed to gold
monometallism, but it is equally opposed
to silver monometallism, and while it will
not accept a standard that will be in
jurious to American producers, neither
will it accept one that would wrong the
creditors of the Nation or dishonor the
National credit.
FOB TREE SILYER.
The Call stands for silver. The Repub
lican party stands for silver. Neither the
Republican party nor The Call, however
stands for silver monometallism. Both
advocate a monetary policy that will make
the fullest use of silver and gold, not only
in this country, but throughout tne world.
It is in vain that the demagogues, the
agitators and the semi-anarchists of silver
monometallism endeavor to fix upon the
Republican party the charge of being in
league with the gold ring, either of this
country or of Europe. The cold standard
is Clevelandism. It is the monetary policy
of an administration for whicn Democracy
is responsible. Republicans neither sup
port it now, nor ever have supported it,
either by precept or practice.
The platform adopted by the Republican
National Convention at St. Louis is ex
plicit in its declaration in favor of pro
moting an enlarged use of silver, not only
in this country, but in all countries. It
says, indeed: "We are opposed to the
free coinage of silver, except by inter
national agreement with the leading com
mercial nations of the earth," but it adds:
"which agreement we pledge ourselves to
promote." It h on that clear and un
mistakable pledge the Republican party
appeals to the suffrages of the people. No
man can doubt that the pledge will be
kept. The Republican party has never
yet broken any pledge made to the people,
and its record of fidelity in the past is an
assurance of the honor with which it will
observe us obligations in the future.
One of the silly charges of the campaign
is the assertion that in seeking an inter
national agreement for theremonetization
of silver the Republican party denies the
power of the United States to regulate its
monetary system to suit itself. A fool
might just as well assert that a policy of
reciprocity treaties implied a lack of power
to establish a protective tariff without the
consent of other nations. We enter into
reciprocity treaties in order to open up in
foreign countries freer markets for certain
classes of American goods. So we would
enter into international agreement in
order to provide an enlarged use of silver
as money in countries that now use very
little of it. International bimetallism
would be far more beneficial to silver pro
ducers and to the world at large than
would be the adoption by this country
alone ot silver monometallism. The Re
publican party is therefore the truest as
well as the safest friend of silver, and no
genuine and intelligent bimetallist can in
trust the great cause to any other party.
The clamors of the demagogues of De
mocracy and the agitators of Populism
may confuse some of the people on this
subject for a time, but it will not be for
long. The campaign of education has
hardly begun yet, but it is moving forward
rapidly, and in a comparatively short
time the whole scope of the issue will be
well understood by the people. Then
they will see why The Call, as a stanch
advocate ol silver and an exponent of stal
wart Americanism, must of necessity act
in the future, as in the past, with the Re
publican party, and follow with loyalty
the standard of National honor and Na
tional prosperity so worthily upheld by
the soldier candidate and patriot states
man, William McKinley.
PROTECTION AND MONEY.
The Democratic party is trying very
hard to divert attention from the tariff
question by giving undue prominence to
the money question. To be sure, it is just
as important to have a sound monetary
system as it is to have our industries pro
tected, but we have sound money now and
we have no protection. There is less dan
ger, too, that a Democratic administra
tion would tamper witn the money ques
tion than with the tariff. Indeed, Bryan
himself would prefer free trade to free sil
ver coinage if he had to choose between
them. The Republican party, however,
could not separate the issues, nor would it
if it could. Without protection there
would be very little use for money, for our
people would have none, but with protec
tion they would be pro sperous, and hence
protection means sound money, but of the
two questions protection is the paramount
one.
it is a principle of the Republican party
to encourage industries so that producers
of breadstnffs and provisions may have a
home market for their products, and in
turn find all needed supplies in the same
market. Necessarily a sound circulating
money medium would be demanded in
such a market, but the first thing to be
done is to provide for the establishing of
the market. The wage-earners are the
consumers. That is to say, consumers
who are not wage-earners are few in this
country. If wage-earners have oppor
tunity to earn wages that are remunera
tive they buy liberally of the producers of
what they wish to consume, and so the
whole problem is how to give labor plenty
of work at wages that it may have money
to spend.
It stands to reason that if our wage
earners are brought into competition with
the cheap labor of industrial plants in
other countries they would not be able to
be liberal buyers of articles of consump
tion, which would oblige producers of con
sumption commodities to seetc markets in
other countries. If we have no opportun
ity to convert our almost endless varieties
of raw material into finished products, and
thus give labor continuous employment,
the question of a financial system would
not interest very many; but if we give the
needed encouragement in the way of pro
tection to those who would develop the
resources of the country, there would be
ample opportunity for labor to get em
ployment, then the money question would
be an important one; but the party that
gives labor ail the work it wants at satis
fying wages can be trusted to tee to it that
labor is paid in money which is entirely
free from the suspicion of variableness in
purchasing power. It is of paramount
importance that the industries of the
country be put in a position where they
can earn and disburse money, and when
that is done it will be found that the Re
publican party has also provided a sound
and safe circulating money medium.
AS BRYAN SEES BRYAU.
When Bryan said "It is due to myself
and the Populist party that I treat them
with perfect candor" he put Bryan first
and the party he represents second. When
Mr. McKinley has occasion to refer to
himself he places the party first and Mr.
McKinley as its accredited representative.
That is the difference between the two
men. Bryan has no idea of a political
proposition or an item of news that is
disconnected from himself. He has no
idea that any cause that he might support
could possibly amount to anything if it
were made more conspicuous than his
own personality. Bryan believes that he
is necessary to a cause, but no cause is
necessary to him. He does not believe
free trade and free silver would have ever
become issues had he not put his person
ality in front of them.
Had Mr. McKinley, or any other man
who believed himself to be his party's
leader and not the party itself, found it
necessary to reply to something, he would
not have said, "It is due to myself," bat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
he would have said, "It is due to my
party." No doubt, Bryan believes in 1G to
1 silver coinage, but he believes without
Bryan tfeere would be no talk of ''lG to 1."
He firmly believes it is Bryan, and not any
particular economic theory or policy of
government, except such as might ema
nate from himself, that the people want
and the country needs. If he were elected
President he would not permit a Cabinet
officer to suggest anything. He believes
in himself, and does not believe in any
body else. He believes his death at this
time would be a calamity to the human
family. This is his measure as taken by
one who knows him well.
SUGAR AND TARIFF.
In an article on the sugar industry in
to-day's Call it is shown that the business
thrives best under a bounty and a pro
tective tariff. Instead of adopting the
free-trade and non-interfereuce plans of
Bryan, a study of the subject reveals the
fact that we need a tariff and bounty Bimi
lar to those that have caused prosperity in
Germany.
Claus Spreckels shows that, with proper
attention and Government aid, this
country would readily produce enough
sugar for the consumption of the United
States— about 2,000,000 long tons each
year.
To-day most of our sugar is imported,
the Louisiana product only slightly ex
ceeding 300,000 tons per annum and the
American sugar-beet supply being but a
tenth of that amount.
The American Consul's reports show
how Germany has thrived under a 4
cent per pound tariff and a bounty to the
producer of 48 cents per hundred pounds.
The student of industrial development
will see the benefits of fostering home in
dustry by a study of the sugar question.
It is shown that this great business, like
wool and lumber, needs the benign aid of
a wise protective tariff.
POPULISTS ARE ANGRY.
No doubt the usual ballot-box stuffing
was resorted to by the Democrats in Ala
bama, but whether or not they could have
elected their ticket by fair means
matters not with the Populists. They be
lieve they were swindled out of their le
gitimate vote and that precludes the possi
bility of fusion of the parties on the Presi
dential issue. The Populists of Alabama
were very sanguine of carrying the State,
and their estimate of the voting strength
of the party was based upon a fairly accu
rate poll of the voting districts. No doubt
very many sanguine local bosses overesti
mated the party's strength and did not
send in a correct poll, but it is hardly rea
sonable to suppose that a pretty well
assured majority of 25,000 for their State
ticket could have been changed to 40,000
against them by fair means, nor could the
poll have been so inaccurately taken.
If the Democrats did steal the State, as
the Pooulists charge, the consequence will
be that the Populists in all the Southern
States will refuse to co-operate with the
Democrats in the National campaign.
They will want a Populist mate for Wat
son, and they would be justified in taking
such a course. The St. Louis convention
was warned against having anything to
do with the Democracy, because, as it was
charged, in all previous combinations the
Populists were defrauded out of every
thing, and now that the election in Ala
bama emphasizes the fact that the Democ
racy has no use for Populists other than to
make them a convenience the influence of
the middle-of-the-road leaders for an in
dependent National ticket will be stronger
tnan ever.
But good will come of it all to the coun
try. An enthusiast^ condition of the
parties might have made Bryan danger
ously strong. There is no danger of any
thing of that sort now, however, though
Republicans and sound-money Democrats
should not take things too easy on that
account. It will not do to merely scotch
the Bryan snake. It must be drawn and
quartered. If it is not it will revive and
come again. It must be remembered that
it is revolution and sectionalism that the
Bryans are after, and so long as they are
able to muster a squad they will exert an
evil influence.
A SERIOUS MATTER.
Says Major McKinley of the Democratic
party: "Not content with the inaugura
tion of the ruinous policy which has
brought down the wages of the laborer
and the price of farm products, its advo
cates now offer a new policy which will
diminish tbe value of money in which
wages and prices are paid."
The whole situation is summed up in
that one little speech, and he who cannot
see how important it is to prevent the
Democratic party from having four more
years to apply its ruinous policy must be
stupid indeed. And yet the men who
caused all the business distress of the
la3t three years are tue ablest and no
doubt the most patriotic members of that
party. It may be said of them that they
thought they were doing the best possible
thing for the country, but if they failed
so completely and brought such ruin upon
all business enterprises, what but a
thousandfold worse conditions could be
expected with such men as Bryan, Alt
geld and Tillman directing the policy of
the Government? Those are matters too
serious to be passed over lightly, the more
so because Bryan proposes to assail the
monetary system of the country.
WEAVER'S BAD BREAK.
It is said General Weaver is so proud of
his oratorical effort when he nominated
Bryan in the Populist convention that he
will issue it in pamphlet form for free dis
tribution. It was a great speech, and de
cidedly appropriate. Among other things
he said: "In that midnight discussion
between Brutus and Cassius concerning
the contemplated battle at Philippi Bru
tus urged that their cause was ripe, their
legions brimful, at the height and ready to
decline. * * * There is a tide in the
affairs of men which, taken at tne flood,
leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the
voyage of their life is bound in shallows
and in miseries. * * • On such a full
sea are we now afloat, and we must take
the current when it serves, or lose our
ventures."
When it is remembered how Brutus and
Cassius assassinated Caesar, how Cassius
Bryan and Brutus Altgeld assassinated
the Democratic party in the Chicago con
vention, and how Weaver was just then
running his treacherous knife into the
vitals of the Populist party, the appropri
ateness of his allusion to the two Roman
traitors will appear. It should be remem
bered, too, that Brutus and Cassius had
reason plenty to regret that they went to
Philippi. Like Bryan and Weaver, they
were traiteis to the best interests of their
country, and like Bryan and Weaver they
played upon the credulity of the ignorant
and involved them in a crusade against
the constituted authorities, as well as
against the principles of the government.
Brutus and Cassius assassinated Caesar
and thus inaugurated a bloody revolution.
Bryan and Weaver and their coJaborers
in the work of overthrowing the Govern
ment of the United States are plunging
the knife of hatred and sectionalism into
the heart of the Nation, but tha ides of
November will find them on the plains of
a I'hilippi abandoned, bated and detested.
Yes, there was a midnight discussion be
tween Brutus and Cassius before Philippi,
and there was a discussion between
Weaver, Allen and Jones before St. Louis.
The two Roman worthies had already
done the deed of assassination and
Weaver and Allen and Jones were getting
ready to give the last stab-
It was not Weaver's intention to draw
"the deadly parallel," but it was exceed
ingly proper that he and his felJow
assassins of the Nation's honor and the
people's safety should liken their work to
that of Brutus and Cassius. It was
honest of him, too, to admit that their
fallacies were at the flood tide and ready
to decline, and be prophesied well when
he said if they failed the voyage of their
life would be bound in shallows and in
miseries. Weaver as well as Bryan should
read up on history before they undertake
to call up past events to fortify their posi
tion.
TRIUMPHANT PROTECTION.
Mine eyes have seen the rising of the great Mc-
Kinley host;
From Atlantic's shore 'tis swelling to the far
Pacific Coast.
On its myriad tossing banners Is inscribed the
patriot boast—
"We'll protect our land from demagogue and
spoiler!"
No "crown of -thorns" Is needed to advance this
sacred cause ;
No "cross of gold" is raised aloft to win the mob's
applause.
These serried ranks depend on truth and nature's
changeless laws
To redeem the land and elevate the toller.
Protection's beacon fires Illume the country far
and wide,
The patriot's torch Is lighted, and no silver cloud
can hide
The swelling of the human sea, the rolling of the
tide
That bears protection's champion on In glory.
The whispering pines of Maine have sent their
message to the West.
And I'uliforiiia, listening, has bowed her solden
crest
To him who claims for worklngmen the first re
ward, and best,
And deceives them not with rainbow pledge
and story.
All hail ! the soldier statesman, Dase repudiation's
foe.
All hail ! his valiant followers, who forth to battle
go,
To fight 'gainst fraud and folly, for surcease of
human woe
And to Keep intact the Nation's faith and
glory. Habold Leach.
San Francisco, August 5, 1596.
PERSONAL.
Al Archer, a farmer of Salinas , is among the
Russ arrivals.
Park Henshaw, the Chico lawyer, Is making
a brief visit at the Occidental.
Thomas Dougall, a merchant of Marysville,
is at the Lick with his family.
Ex-Judge A. P. Overton and wife of Santa
Rosa are registered at the Russ.
J. A. Andrews, a hardware merchant of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
J. C. Humphreys and son, Los Angeles busi
ness men, are guests at the Russ.
J. D. Carr, who owns extensive acres near
Salinas, is on a visit at the Occidental.
C. G. Belicke of the Hotel Hollenbeck, Los
Angeles, is at tne Baldwin with his wife.
Michael Hone and B. S. Radcliffe of Dublin,
Ireland, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan is £. M. Ellis, a farmer of Middleton, Or.
John D. Spreckels left last evening for San
Diego. He will return about Tuesday of next
week.
L. A. Mclntosh, a member of a large lumber
company at Chieo, registered yesterday at the
Grand.
George W. Jackson, School Superintendent
of Riverside, Is among the guests registered at
the Russ.
J. C. Kiriland Jr., assistant instructor in
Latin at Stanford University, is a guest at the
Occidental.
John E. Bailey, a hotel proprietor, merchant
and mining man of Bakersfield, is a late ar
rival at the Russ.
H. H.Welsh, an attorney of Fresno, Is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan, where his family has been
staying for the past month.
N. Messer, superintendent of schools &t San
Luis Obispo, Is staying at the Grand during
the convention of school superintendents 'in
session this week in Oakland.
William K. Townsend, professor of law at
Yale University, and United States District
Judge of Connecticut, returned to the Palace
yesterday with his iamily after a visit of
several days at Del Monte.
United States Senator A. O. Bacon and his
friend and fellow-townsman, \V. Dissau, a
prominent attorney of Macon, Ga., will leave
the Palace this morning for Del Monte, where
they will spenJ a few days before startine for
home.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. s.— Mr. and Mrs.
P. Dunn sailed on the American liner Paris for
England. To sail on tne Hamburg-American
packet Normania for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Hamburg, Thursday, arc Mr. and Mrs. F. Her
ten, Adolph Unger and family; Palida, Cal.,
Mrs. Velver and Miss Gertrude Brock; left the
Westminster to sail for Europe, Mrs. E. C. Burr
and the Misses Else, Alice and Marion Burr;
Mrs. Lucy B. Holman arrived from Bremen
and Southampton on the North German liner
Saale. At the Grand Union, Miss Bluett ; Hoff
man, Miss M. Vloney; Metropolitan, Mrs.
Barry Moore; St. Denis, N. M. Grimp; Metro
pole. Mrs. Kelly, M. A. Kreuger; Vendome,
W. A. Carnes; Holland, M. D. Pillsbury; Ev
erett, D. Woodbury; Westminster, G. S. Hor
ton.
BOY'S SHIRT WAIST.
This modelis shown in numberless fabrics.
White cambric for dress ocoaoions. For utility
cotton duck, cheviots, ginghams, heavy
colored cambrics, galatea cloth, brown hol
lands and linen are all used. Outing flannel
is also used.
A great boon to mothers are the bone buttons
provided with two slits through which tape is
drawn and then sewn to toe waistband. This
discounts the aeaviest cotton ever invented
for sewing on buttons. If a continuous tape is
used it may be sutcned on by machine, and
this also strengthens the band.
MUSIC €*•**'
MUSICIANS
On Sunday evening, August 2, a splendid
festival service was given at Grace Church
which reflected great credit on the organist
and choir, who have been working together
for less than one year. A short service pre
ceded the recital, at which the congregation
was specially invited to join in the hymn,
"All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name." This is
as it should be, but why have to ask the con
gregation to join in one special hymn? Has
not the congregation not only the right, but a
duty to perform, in joining in all the hymns,
chants and responses of the service? For some
reason this right seems to have lapsed in most
churches, but ministers would do well to en
courage their flocks in taking a practical in
terest in church music. One item of the ser
vice was, "The Storm on a Lake," rendered by
W. H. Holt on the organ. This remarkable
piece oi music showed the resources of the
magnificent organ as, perhaps, no other com
position would. The instrument contains
2900 pipes, nearly all of which are called into
requisition in performing this piece of music.
A rather peculiar adventure happened re
cently at Berlin. Since the inauguration of
La Triplice, a good artistic understanding has
been kept up between Germany and Italy.
The former sends very few musicians into the
latter, but the latter takes every opportunity
of representing itself in the former. Now,
recently a band of Italian musicians, in uni
form, directed by a chief named Manni, was
Su/ette Adams, the Youns Boston Girl, Who Sang "Marguerite" Without a
Rehearsal.
engaged to play at the Exposition Park, in an
establishment which bore the name of Welt
muslk. For some reason, which does not ap
pear, the chief, Manni, was dismissed, while
his players continued their performances. It
happened tnen one evening that the said
Manni, attended by a guard, presented him
self for the purpose of sequestering the instru
ments, and even the uniforms, declaring that
they were the property of one Boekel, who
accompanied him— not on the piano. The
bandsmen, as one man, fell precipitately ou
their old chief, with an intention which ap
peared much, more hostile than affectionate.
The public took part with the bandsmen and
the guard took flight. The police were called,
but found themselves powerless to act. In the
end, the directors of the establishment pro
tested vigorously and determined not to give
up the instruments or the uniforms.
A German correspondent of the Ferseveranza
of Milan gives a rather unsatisfactory account
of two operas wnich have been recently an
nounced. Apropos of "Ingo," by M. Philippe
Rufer, given at the Berlin Opera-house, he
writes: "The subject is drawn from an old
German legend: tne music is intellectual and
well written, but has no effect. Rufer is a
learned musician, who understands fugue,
sonata, symphony, instrumentation and
voices. But all this knowledge is not suffi
cient to create a chef-d'eeuvre. The famous
sparkle is missing. Without it nothing Is
achieved; it may Inspire esteem and respect,
but sympathy and enthusiasm— never. One
may say of 'Ingo,' 'It was born and It is
dead.' So much for the Belgian composer,
now take the Italian composer, of whom the
same correspondent speaks thus : "Crescenzio
Buongiorno has just brought out, at the Leip
zig Theater, his opera. 'Festa del Carro,' a
work of the kind of those that pollute the
stage in these days of realism; scenes of jeal
ousy, of brigands, blows with the poignard,
blows with the knife, battles with such like
music Appropriate to the subject, but of a
triviality which recalls the music of the circus.
Behold the two extremes, which touch, and
neither one or the other has a shadow of
vitality."
Figaro says : The son oi a well-known sports
man obtained the other day a hearing from
the directors of the Paris Opera. He selected
for his trial the grand air from "La Juive,"
and in singing it revealed most extraordinary
vocal qualities. M. Gailhard became quite
enthusiastic over tho stiength and un
heard-of compass of his voice. Unfor
tunately this future tenor knows noth
ing of art. He is going to enter the
Conservatory to commence the study of
sol/ege. and as he is 80 years old the full term
will be dispensed with for that reason and
on account of his miraculous gift. It appears,
in effect, that the voice of this "white black
bird" goes from the low A In the bats to D in
the treble. The voice of Faure, added to that
of Due, "It is hoped that after two years'
study at \he Conservatory this marvel will be
fit to appear in opera, where undoubtedly his
debut will cause a sensation." This gentle
man is a greater curiosity than Miss Ellen
Beach Yaw on account of his extreme old age.
Speaking of Miss Yaw, whose appearance
here has been so long expected, it is now re
ported that the young lady has had a serious
misunderstanding with her manager, and that
in consequence she has determined not to
sing at all in California, notwithstanding that
she is now in Los Angeles. This resolution
will be a disappointment to many who wish
to hear her as a matter of curiosity, but from
an artistic standpoint it will possibly be no
great loss, for it is pretty generally conceded
now that her high reputation as a sweet singer
was in » great measure doe to cjever adver-
Using, and will probabiy vanish with her
manager.
Le Menestrel says: In the south they are
pretty well advanced, even precipitate; rather
too much so at Toulouse, where, le Gil Bias an
nounces, it Is to be hoped many years in ad
vance, the death of such a virtuoso as Francis
Plante. Happily, however, in spite of le Gil
Bias, Plante is still with us, solid and in good
health and remains, as always, the only pian
ist who can be compared with Rubinstein or
Liszt. These two artists knev.- it well and
were themselves the first to recognize that
their rival, Plante, had qualities which they
did not possess. Rubinstein on being asked
once why he never put his famous Valse
caprice on his programmes replied : La Vaise,
caprice! Faitn, no! I dare not venture on
playing that after that magician Plante. I
should be like an elephant playing among
flowers. I crush where Plante flies."
Miss Suzanne Adams, a native <jf Boston,
went abroad six years ago to study. The char
acter of Marguerite was her ambition, ana
while patiently waiting at Paris for an oppor
tunity to make a debut she was suddenly
called upon quite unexpectedly. "Faust" was
the play and to guard against the remotest
chance of failure lour understudies hud been
provided lor Marguerite. Strange to say, the
prima donna and three understudies were in
capacitated by sickness, and it fell to Miss
Adams to take the part without one rehearsal.
She gave perfect satisfaction and was greatly
applaud e l.
The Centenary Exposition oi Franz Schubert
at Vienna promises to be a very brilliant
affair. Up to the present time the committee
has secured abouc 600 objects of interest to
the admirers of the great master of song,
among which are several works of art of tne
first order. The melodies of Schubert
have popularized many poems that would
otherwise have been forgotten, and have in
spired a number of painters, whose pictures in
the museums of Munich and Berlin keep
alive tne memory of the Viennese composer.
The committee is going to ask the Prince Re
gent of Bavaria and William II for the loan of
these pictures, and the Austrio-Hungarian
Minister of foreign affairs, has promised to
support this demand. ,
Under the titie of Societa del Luito there nas
just been founded at Florence a new artistic
circle. Its object is an attempt to resurrect
the lute, an iustrument so dear to our fathers
and to our mothers, and of which the fashion
like that of the theorbe and the mendore two
or three centuries ago, disappeared in the
same way. In any case the inaugural cere
mony, which will take place very soon, will be
Celebrated by a grand concert in which M.
Mascagni, Mme. Gemma Bellincioni and M.
Roberto Staguo will take part. M. Mascagni
has even promised to write for the opening
concert a composition, which will be entitled
"The Apotheosis of the Lute."
J. J. Gilbert of Peterborough, England, has
exhibited at the Music Trades Exhibition,
London, a unique specimen in the form of a
liliputian violin of his own manufacturing
which is pronounced by experts to be a fine
example of the luthier's art. Though a great
deal of the work is microrcopic it contains the
same number of parts as that of a full sized in
strument, which with the gold mounts and the
fittings, the strings, etc., make up a grand to
tal of ninety-nine, though its weipiht is some
thing under one-quarter of an ounce.
At the end of the season, as usual, M. Car
valho is the prey of opera renditions. He has
heard "l'Hote" by M. Michel Carre and X,
Edmund Missa, a very bright little drama;
afterward, "Photis," by MM. Louis Oallet and
Edouard Audran. lie is going to hear "La
Delila," by M. Palahilde, "les Pecheurs de
Saint-Jean" by M. Widor (libretto by Henry
Cain), -'Caprice de Roi" by M. Paul Puget
(libretto by M. Armand Dartois), "les Guelfes"
byGodard, "le Spahi" by M. Lucien Lambert,
and many others. What will come out of all
tnis? Listen and choose, M. le Directeur.
The Gazette de Francfort is not very well in
formed for it announces that M. Massenet is at
present at Constantinople and that he is en
gaged on an opera for which the Queen ot
Roumania has written the libretto. In fact,
Massenet is in Paris and the score he is occu
pied witn is none other than Sappho, founded
on the romance of Daudet by MM. Henri Cain
and Arthur Bernede.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Senator Jones of Arkansas does not ride a
wheel. The Benator :s opposed to bloomers
and bloomer girls, to new women and all fads.
It is said that the Comte de Bourbonne re
cently bought a genuine Raphael for 5 francs
in a bric-a-brac shop in a Burgundy village.
He has already refused 300,000 francs for it.
Verestschagin is about to publish a new
book called '♦Autobiographies of Unimportant
i People." It is a aeries ox sketches with real
istic portraits of beggars, soldiers, priests, and
other common Russian types.
The Tabor Opera-house block at Denyer has
just been sold under foreclosure. The big
building that cost $1,000,000 went for $448,.
143, subject, however, to an additional claim
of $271,000.
Sir William MacGregor, who has received
the Founders' medal of the Royal Geographi
cal Society, is the son of an Aberdeenshire
plowman. H,e took a medical degree at Aber
deen University.
Peter the Great's house at Zaandam, In HoL
land, has just been inclosed with a protecting
bnilding. The opening ceremony was per
formed in the presence of the Russian Consul-
General and other notabilities.
Miss Mary Dean Chickering of Norwood,
Mass., near Boston, has just celebrated her
ninetieth birthday. She was married seventy
five years ago, and h»s been a member of the
Congregational Church for eighty years.
Goeffrey Millais, the second son of Sir John
Millais, is engaged upon a descriptive work on
the "Deer of India," which is to be followed by
a similar one dealing with varieties to be
found in the British Isles.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
It is not always the man who has money to
burn that burns it— Atchison Globe.
"There is a report that Buzbee has a large
floating debt," announced the 'cashier to the
teller.
"Yes, sir— an $80,000 steam yacht."— Detroit
Free Press. •■'
Dukane— I lend you $20 about six
months ago, Gaswell?
Gaswell— if you can't remember a
thing like that you can scarcely expect me
to jog your memory.— Pittsburg Chronicle-
Telegraph. • •
"Money Is the root of all evil."
"Yes; and that's why reformers hack away
at evil so vigorously ; they want to get some of
the root."— Chicago Record.
We'll have no comic valentines;
'Tis cheering, you'll allow,
To see the skill spent In those lines
All turned to posters now.
—Washington Btar.
Hobson— Country parsons get pretty poor
pay, don't they?
. Dobson— Yes; but their congregations, as &
rule, get pretty poor preach.— New York Ad
vertiser. _____
Uncle— are you crying for, Georgia?
Georgie— Teacher caned me because I was the
only one— boo hoo— able : to answer a question
to-day.
Uncle— What was the question?
Georgie (between sobs)— Who put the bent
pin in the teacher's chair ?— Answers.
Teacher (meaning the Spanish Armada)—
What was it that Philip II of Spain sent over
to England? Something of considerable
strength, termed the Spanish— Spanish
what, Mary?
Mary — The Spanish onion, ma'am.— London
Judy.
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 25c*
» ♦ » .
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage Co.*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ♦
— , » ♦ ■»
. A constable who recently died from fever at
Menzles, Australia, is said to have been heir
to an English baronetcy. He inherited some
years ago a large fortune and squandered it in
America, : after eloping with another man's
wife.- He finally landed in Australia in im
poverished circumstances and found his way
to the gold fields, where he joined the police
force. __________ _
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta ronte and the rsortbern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. B. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. The
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. M. Kates 967 90 for tbe
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 838 Market
treet, San Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*
Are lou Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Hants "•*
ronte— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence or
alkali dust. Particularly adapted tor the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland ta
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
Sectcbb a sound mind, which seldom eoes with
out a sound digestion, by using Dr. Siegert's
Angostura Bitters.
« » — «
Ayeb's Cherry Pectoral gives prompt relief.
That's why it excells all other preparations for
colds and coughs.
• — ♦ »
Mrs. Louise Caton of Lansing, Mich., is an
accomplished and independent traveler. She
has just started for Moscow, taking with her a
lot of nine valuable trotting horses belonging
to her husband, a well-known driver who is
now in Russia. During the trip across the
United States she had a sleeping apartment in
the stockcar.
__4_£_s^ -R-r^Ysl «*7__Wr JSgfl _fe__>
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
A cream of tartar baking powder. Highest of
all iln leavening streimth.— Latest United State*
Government food Ueport. .
Kotali Baking Powdke Co., New York.
CHEAPPOWER
FOR —
MINING HOISTS, MILLING, PUMPING
*;•_■ AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM 1 TO 200 HOUSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
01 Actual Horse Power 0 i OC
£mC DISCOUNT FOR CASH. VI Uv
HERCULES Q AS fc-NGINE WORKS,
'-V.\- ■'■■■■ BUILDERS OF
GAS AND OIL ENGINES, .
Ofpick: ■ wobks: 5
405-407 Sansome St. 5-231 Bay St.
V . San Francisco, Cal.
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
M LADIES 1 GEL BOOM
— — THE——
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ;St
, OPEN UK TIL MIDNIGHT*
■. • "- i ■>.■. ■ - . . _ ,-.'■-THUR5DAY.......... ....AUGUST 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatw. - "The Benefit Of the
Doubt." „
California THKATKB.-"Mavourneen.
Columbia Thkatek-"A Gold Mine.
WoBOSco'a^PKRA-HorBK-'The Danltei.
Tivoi.i OrEBA-HouBß.-«PagllaccL"
ORPHlcrv-Hlßh-nass Vaudeville.
Butbo BATHS-Bathlng and perform » nc
SHOOT the CHUTM-Dally at Halght street,
cue block east of the Park.
PICNICS ANP EXCURSIONS.
Picxic-Of the Retail Grocers' Protect^Asso-
ciation Union, at schentzen Park, feunday, Aug. 9.
AUCTION SALES,
By Wit. iEi.i>-This day (Thursday),
Furniture, at 642 Folsom street, at 11 o cloclc.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Buckleyites want to run Dr. James L
Etanton for Mayor.
The estate of Susan E. Kerby has been ap
praised at $36,782.
T. Daniel Krawley and Jake Gottiob are mak
ing "Sanicult" a fad.
0. F. Willey'F {Property was attached yester
day by Chris'Buckley.
Judge Sanderson yesterday committed six
insane people to the asylum.
The new branch postoffloe will be opened in
Richmond District September 15.
Fair Thursday, except partly cloudy in the
morning.— Local Forecast Official.
During the present month the United States
Idint will coin 750,000 standard silver dollars.
company F, Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, has de
cided to go into camp at Haywards next Sat
urday.
The St. James' Episcopal congregation are to
erect a new church building in Richmond
Pis-trict.
Miss Susan B. Anthony addressed a meeting
of socialists in the TurJt-street Temple last
evening.
Denis Foley, an inmate of the Almshouse,
went insane yesterday and was sent to the
asylum at Ukrah
The schooner Prosper made the run from
Shanghai to Tacoma in thirty-one days, beat
ing even steamer time.
Several new industrial departments will be
added to the Boys' Training Home at 407
Powell street very soon.
Coroner Hawkins received a letter from an
unknown woman yesterday in which she
threatened to drown herself.
N. F. 8. Hawaii was yesterday arrested on a I
charge of perjury, he having sworn ialsely in |
obtaining naturalization papers.
Alfred J. Butonnel, a jeweler by trade, com
mitted suicide yesterday morning at the home !
of his wife, 3525 Nineteenth street.
Important resolutions were adopted by the j
Woman's State Central Republican Club at a j
largely attended meeting last night.
T. L. Ford has declined to accept any recom
pense for the services he rendered to the Min
ers' Association while in Washington.
Mrs. Annie Mitchell, who jumped into the |
bay Tuesday afternoon with her son, was sent I
to "the Napa Insane Asylum yesterday.
James Kerr. head keeper ot the San Andreas
Lake, was dismissed by the water company on
Saturday last after twenty years' service.
The Young Men's Republican Club of Golden
Gate Valley gave a social and political enter-!
tainment at Tilden's Hall on Union street last j
night.
ciaus Spreckels has returned from Salinas
and is busily engaged in perfecting his plans
for the eructioaof the biggest sugar refinery
on earth.
The barkentine Freemont came in under
fiiil sail yesterday, and never slacked a rope
until half a mile from her anchorage, off Cali
fornia City.
An abandoned baby girl was found yester
dny morning on the steps of the Hillsdale
House, Sixth and Jessie streets, wrapped up in
a newpaper.
Specimens of growing tobacco from San Phil
lipe and onyx from Healdsburg have recently
been received a' the State Board of Trade rooms
at 16 Post street.
The McKinley and Hobart Club of the
Tiiirty-fourth Assembly District last evening
adopted resolutions to return the Hon. E. F.
Loud to Congress.
The annual meeting of the California Con
feience of the Home Missionary Society was
held yesterday at the Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal Church.
The Army and Navy Republican Leaf ue held
an enthusiastic meeting last night. Stirring
speeches were made and Eugene F. Loud was
indorsed for congress.
It is expected that there will be a very large
gat tiering at tlie charter convention, to be held
next Wednesday under the auspices of the
Merchants' Association.
James H. Barry says that he will not have
David Xeagle arrested. He will pursue the
came editorial course without regard to
threats of assassination.
An investigation of the sugar industry
shows that a protective tariff and a bounty
Feem the most desirable methods of fostering
the business of America.
Daisy E. Dewey, 1019 Larkin street, swore to
a complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday
charging her divorced husband, L. H. Cosper,
with disturbing the peace.
The Indian Teachers' Convention listened to
interesting papers and discussions yesterday,
and last evening took a recess to see the
sights and otherwise amuse themselves.
All during yesterday's sun the Redmen and
Daughters of Pocahontas followed the hunt,
with the end in view of choosing their great
chiefs for the ensuing great sun of next year.
The double appeal in the cases of Foster et
a!, vs. Smith et si., and Smith et al. vs. the
fan Francisco and North Pacific Railway Com
pany was argued in the Supreme Court yester
day.
Henry Crocker, whose name will appear on
the regular ticket of the Olympic Club for the
vice-presidency, says that he is strongly in
favor of abolishing the annexes and reducing
expenses.
The case of the Government against Charles |
Reude, alias Dr. F.,x, charged with sending ob- j
scene matter through the mails, came up for!
hearing In the United States District Court
yesterday.
The Christian Endeavorers of this City will
hold a mass-meeting at the Central Methodist
Church to-night to celebrate their success in
securing for San Francisco the next annual
convention.
Chinese merchants and property-owners in
Chinatown will form a protective association
should the Board of Health proceed to tear
down any of their rookeries unless after
proper condemnation.
The San Francisco Association of Improve
ment Clubs met last night and discussed tie
Geary-street franchise and the Pesthouse re
moval, and received important communica
tions from district cluba.
As the result of several Government agents'
visit to this City in July last thirteen mail-car
riers have been asked to explain certain viola
tions of postal regulations. The offenses al
leged are of a trivial character.
The Polytechnic High School, which is on
the accredited list of the University of Califor
nia, begins the new term with an enrollment
oi 500 students. The popularity of the man
ual training department is growing rapidly.
■ reorges Carioi, a local stamp dealer of world
wide prominence, was accused yesterday by
George M. Schiller, formerly his secretary, of
substituting counterfeit stamps for valuable
genuine specimens, with purpose to defraud.
"The Velodrome," has been incorporated
and it is the intention of its projectors soon to
cut up a vast iron building on the block
bounded by Baker, Fell, Lyon and Hayes
streets, to be devoted to various classes of ath
letic and indoor sports.
Harry C. Ludwig, a young man employed !n
a cvclery was yesterday held by Judge Conlan
to answer before the Superior Court in $1000
bonds on the charge of be trayal under promise
of marriage. The complaining witness is
Daisy Young, living at 2539 Mission street.
The executive committee of the PeODle's
party of California have issued an address to
the party declaring for Tom Watson and re
pudiating Sewall. A committee was appointed
to confer with the Democrats with a view to
union or fusion on the basis of Bryan and
Wataon.
The Republican League held an enthusiastic
meeting last night, and a discussion was had
hs to the best method of making a campaign. |
Jt was decided to educate the workingman in
the theory of honest dollars for his wasres and
stfady employment, which can be secured only
through protection.
An answer was filed yesterday by Virginia
Fair and Mrs. Oelrich to the contest of the
pencil will, in which the two daughters of
Senator Fair say they have no knowledge that
the document is a forgery, »nd therefore will
not join in the contest. Judge Slack indi
cated that he would define Van R. Pater
son's standing In the case on Monday as to his
right to contest in behalf of the minor heir,
and after that the real contest might come be
fore s jury on twenty-four hours' notice.
REPUBLICAN
LEAGUE IN FRONT,
Meeting of the National
Body in the Marble
Hall.
CAMPAIGN OF EDUCATION
Meaning of an Honest Dollar
and Steady Employment
to Be Taught
PROTECTION FOE THE LABORER
In That Will Lie the Only Hope to
Save the Country From De
struction.
The Republicans of California are going
to make a vigorous and aggressive cam
paign against Ihe Democrats and the
Populists. Clubs are forming in every
part of the City and State^and many ac
cessions are noted of workingman who
formerly shouted for silver and for Sen
ator Stewart's minine pool, but who have
realized that without employment they
cannot get an honest dollar or any other
kind of a dollar, and that protection is the
only means by which the wheels of indus
try in every State in the Union may be set
revolving.
The registration of voters has been
closely watched by a corps of competent
clerks in the ranks of the Republican
County Committee and by another corps
at the Registrar's office in the City Hall.
A complete copy of the great register was
kept from day to day aud filed with the
clerks in the County Committee rooms,
and all suspectable names, and localities
were rigorously investigated.
By these means registration stuffors
were thwarted. Several instances were
noted in which men attempted to register
from several precincts besides the one in
which they resided. Their names were
stricken off, and they excused themselves
by saying that they were drunk and didn't
know* what they were doing.
The National Republican League held a
rousing meeting last night in the marble
room of the Palace Hotel. Meyer Jacobs
presided.
H. C. Dibble read the following list of
vice-presidents, who were unanimously
elected for the districts represented by
them :
Twenty - eighth Assembly District—
Vaughn Morgan.
Thirty-second — W. C. Johnson.
Thirty -fourth— Clans Spreckeis.
Thirty-fifth— Frank A. Pedlar.
Thirty-seventh— William M. Abbott.
Thirty-eighth— G. E. Morse.
Thirty-ninth — Meyer Jacobs.
Fortieth — Emil Bauer.
Forty-first— William Cluff.
Forty-second — W. S. Duval.
Forty-third — James Kip.
Fony-fourth — Henry S. Martin.
Forty-fifth— Edward Holland.
The following finance committeewas ap
pointed: Colonel William Macdonald,
Colonel Dan T. Cole, James McNab, P.
N. Lilienthal, James O. B. Gunn and
Colonel M. H. Heclu.
Colonel Will E. Fister reported for the
committee on rooms ana was allowed a
week's further time.
A letter was read from Eugene Bert
accepting the secretaryship; aiso a com
munication from the Woman's Republi
can State Central Club inviting the league
to attend an entertainment in Odd Fel
lows' Hall on Wednesday evening, August
12. The invitation was accepted.
Joun T. Dare made a stirring address,
from whioii the following are extracts:
Presidents come and Presiaents go. Parties
are organized and nourish for a time and then
disappear, but the Union League Club of this
Nation goes on forever.
You have a very important mission to per
form. You can visit the man who earns his
bread by the sweat of his brow and show him
the erroneous illusions which the Democracy
has placed before his eyes.
Colonel Duboce followed with a few
brief remarks of a patriotic nature, and
Major Kyle made a very clever speech*
He advised each member of the league to
spend one day in the week in missionary
work. They should follow the example
of the Salvation Army and go to the peo
ple. A literary committee should be ap
pointed to show the workingman why he
should be paid a dollar that is worth 100
cents in every country in the world.
Colonel Eddy made a stirring speech in
which he said that free trade, free silver
and free soup would be their lot if they
did not bestir themselves.
H. C. Dibble called attention to the ne
cessity of seeing that all Republicans
were registered within the next five days.
The league adjourned until next Wedne
sday evening.
McKINLEY AND HOBART.
The Thirty-Fourth Assembly Dis
trict Club Indorses Congress
man Loud and Others.
An enthusiastic meeting of the McKin
ley and Hobart Club oi the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District was held last evening
in Harmony Hall, on Mission and Erie
streets. The hall was well filled, many no
doubt being attracted by a huge bonfire
that blazed in the street. The club wae
temporarily organized on July 22. and the
first business last night was to make per
manent the following officers:
President, John Lycett ; first rice-presi
dent, Martin Casey ; second vsce-president,
Benjamin Carter; secretary, Frank J.
Skelly; corresponding secretary, C. F.
Mullins; treasurer, Louis Cella; sergeant
at-arms, P. McDonald. Executive com
mittee—P. J. Bannon, Daniel E. Galla
gher, John F. Spiilane; enrollment com
mittee—John W. Madden, Alfred D. Mur
phy, John Kehoe.
The secretary announced that on the
first meeting 125 persons signed the club's
roll and this last evening was increased to
180.
Charles Mayers in a short speech said
that the gathering was for the "purpose of
getting better acquainted and to devise
ways and means to secure and preserve a
cood Government. "To this end," said
he, "let us do all in our power to elect
William McKinley and Garret Hobart and
to return to Congress the Hon. Eugene F.
Loud." He added that next week there
will be a mass-meeting in the district,
which will be in the nature of a reception
to Congressman Loud. He then offered
tne following resolution, which was
adopted with cheers:
Whereas, The Hon. Eugene F. Loud, having
been unanimously nominated by the Fifth '
Congressional Convention, we, the voters of
the thirty-fourth Assembly District, duly con
vened this Wednesday evening, August 5,
1896, at Hnrmony Hall, corner of Mission and
Erio streets, do hereby tender the thanks of
the Republicans of the district to our dele
gates and to all the delegates of said conven
tion for their wise and judicious ac
tion in renominating our present able,
energetic and faithful servant in Con
gress; and whereas, the Hon. Eugene F.
Loud has, through his recognized ability, been
appointed chairman of one of the most impor
tant committees in the House of Representa
tives the Committee on Postofficei and Post
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
Roads; and has by his untiring and efficient
work succeeded in getting our harbor and
postal systems improved and an appropriation
for restraining dams for onr hydraulic
mines; and whereas, the Hon. Eugene
F. Loud has endeared himself to the
people of California through his successful
efforts in carrying out the instructions of his
constituents to prevent the Central Pacific
Railroad Company from paying its indebted
ness to the Government by refunding the
same; therefore be it
Resolved, That we will use all honorable
means to re-elect him in November next, that
he may be able to carry out the wishes of his
constituents and continue his good work in
the best interest of the people of this State and
the workingmea of the United Btates.
Fred McGregor made a brief address, at
the conclusion of which he was heartily
indorsed by the club in his candidacy for
the office of Justice of the Peace.
Thomas Graham, who aspires to be a
Police Judge, was also indorsed.
The club loudly applanded Edward M.
Gallagher when he took the platform.
Mr. Gallagher aspires to represent tne
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, and he
was heartily indorsed at the meeting, for
which he returned his sincere thanks.
T. B. Morton, president of the Afro-
American Club, and W. E. Henderson of
the same organization made speeches
upon the political topics of the day.
A resolution was offered by Mr. Mayers,
which was unanimously passed, indorsing
and approving the efforts of John D.
Spreckels in his endeavors to uphold and
promote the interests of the Republican
party in the cause of good Government.
YOUNG MEN MEET.
Golden Gate Valley Republicans
Mingle Politics and Pleasure
Together.
The Young Men's Republican Club of
what is known by the residents as Golden
Gate Valley, otherwise the Forty-first As
sembly District, gave an entertainment at
Tilden Hall, on Union street, between
Gough and Octavia, last night, at which
The Barkentine Fremont Arrived From Sand Point Yesterday With 167,000 Codfish Aboard. She
Game In Under Full Sail and Made California City Without Taking in a Stitch of Canvas.
pleasure and socialbility were intermixed
with politics.
This innovation was explained by Joseph
W. Woods, the president of the club, who
said in his opening address that the object
of inviting the young people of Golden
Gate Valley to an assemblage of this kind
had a twofold object. First, it would be
the means of drawing together young men
who up to this time had not joined the
club, and, second, it would give the
young ladies an opportunity to hear some
of the doctrines of the good old Republican
party.
These remarks were received with a
round of applause, the ladies being the
more enthusiastic.
Hon Frank H. Powers, on being intro
duced, spoke at considerable length upon
what would follow should the Democracy'
continue in power for another four years.
At the conclusion of Mr. Powers' re
marks the club resolved itself into a social
affair. The following programme was
carried out, finishing up with dancing:
Vocal selection, "Mother Was a Lady,"
Robert L. ClarK Jr. ; selection, orchestra; vocal
selection, Mrs. O. A. Forster; piano solo,
"Fiesta March," Professor J. E. Patton; song.
Joseph Sutton; song, Miss Adele A. Brown;
selection, orchestra; song, "Better Than
Gold,'" John Brodigan; bass solo, "Cradle of
the Deep," William Moore.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
They Are Invited to Meet To-Night In
Judge Kerrigan's Courtroom.
The members of the Young Men's Re
publican League are invited to meet to
night in Judge Kerrigan's courtroom at 8
o'clock.
The call conveys the impression that
business of importance will be transacted
and both members and intending mem
bers are asked to be present at any sacri
fice. The league is in a flourishing condi
tion and can do good work for the cam
paign. The young men are enthusiastic
supporters of McKinley and protection,
which will be the allying cries of their
Presidential fight. They are the coming
legislators oi the State and their patriot
ism is likely to carry all before it. A large
attendance is expected.
The Continental League.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Conti
nental League was held last evening at the
Larkin - street headquarters. The drill
corps was formally organized under Cap
tain H. L. Batchelder. The regimental
formation will be very effective. One
company is composed exclusively of
militiamen. The club declares it will
present a surprise when the campaign
opens and expects to do big work for Mc-
Kinley, Hobart and protection.
The Imperials.
The Imperial Club of the Thirty-seventh
District held its regular meeting last night
at Pfaeffle's Hall, 1831 Market street.
Many good speakers were present and an
enthusiastic meeting #as held. The presi
dent, Eugene Pfaeflie, of this young and
enterprisme club, surprised the boys with
a grand lunch. At the next meeting there
will be some good singing. The club in
dorsed Leon Jones for Sheriff last night.
A NEW SOPRANO.
Mme. Ella Prankaril Scores m Success
at the Emporium Concert.
A magnificent rendition of the cavatina
from "Robert le Diable" by Mme. Ella
Prankard, from the Grand Opera in
Vienna, was the pleasant surprise pre
pared for the great audience which lis
tened to the Emporium concert last night.
Mme. Prankard has a mezzo-soprano of
great sweetness, compass and flexibility,
and notwithstanding the somewhat im
perfect acoustic properties of the Jgreat
dome under which she sang, she fairly
| carried away her hearers with the bril
liancy of her performance. As an encore
she sang Arditi's beautiful "II Bacio" in
a most acceDtable manner.
The Emporium concerts, nnder the able
management of Mr. John Marquardt, have
become one of the amusement features of
San Francisco which no music-lover
misses. The doors of the big store open
every Wednesday and Saturday evenings
to give these delightful concerts free of all
charge. Free concerts of like merit can
only be beard in the treat capitals of
Europe.
CAME 111 WITH
ALL SAIL SET.
The Fremont Made Her
Way to California City
Unaided.
SEEN FROM SAUSALITO.
She Made a Pretty Picture
Working Her Way Through
the Shipping.
AN OVERDUE STORY EXPLODED.
Captain Bowes of the Whaleback
Everett Says He Never Had a
Vessel in Tow.
The first of the fleet from Sand Point
got in yesterday. She is the barkentine
Fremont and has 167,000 codfish aboard.
There was a fair wind and a strong wind,
so instead of taking a tag Captain Bowes
sailed his vessel in ana worked her to
California City under full canvas. As
she passed Sausalito hundreds of people
turned out to see her, and the crews of the
British ships lying in Richardsons Bay
admired her as she glided along. The
vessel is consigned to the Lynde <fe Hough
Company and the fish will be cured at
California City. The catch of codfish has
been a very good one this year, but the
demand for the California prepared article
is so great that there will be no diminu
tion in the price.
The Fremont made the run from Sand
Point in the good time of sixteen days,
and Captain Bowes could not see why he
should take a tug when he had a fair wind.
For the first time almost in the history of
the port the Fremont sailed right to her
anchorage and never shortened sail until
within half a mile of California City.
The world's record has been broken.
The schooner Prosper, owned by J. Fog el
of this port, ias made the run from
Shanghai to Puget Sound in thirty-one
days. This beats steamer time, and Cap
tain Jobansin must have had a gale of
wind behind his vessel during the entire
trip in order to make such extraordinary
time. "All I know about the run," said
Mr. Fogel yesterday, "is that the schooner
left Shanuhai in ballast for Tacoma. We
did not expect her to reach port for an
other three weeks and were surt>rised to
hear of her arrival. She will load lumber
for Japan, and if she makes another quick
run why we will think we have a world
beater. 1 ' The Prosper is a handsome
looking schooner, but never during her
life has she made a run equal to this one
to Tacoma from Shanghai.
There was a teiegraphic story from Port
land, Or., to the effect that the whaleback
City of Everett had picked up a four
masted ship and was towing her south.
The sailing vessel had lost her foremast
and was listed, according to the dispatch.
The City of Everett arrived this morning,
and the captain says he ran a straight
course from Flattery, and never spoke a
disabled vessel during the trip.
The barkentine City of Papeete, which
made an exceptionally long trip from Ta
hiti to this port, has cleared tor Papeete.
She is almost a week behind time and, as
she carries the French mail, that will
mean adifterence to the French colony of
over a fortnight.
Captain Berude does not expect to make
a fast passage, but nevertheless he may be
disappointed.
Before the.end of the month the Oceanic
Steamship Company's steamers and the
Spreckels tugs will forsake Folsom-street
wharf and take up their quarters at the
new Pacific-street structure. The latter is
one of the finest and most complete docks
in the world, and Is a valuable addition to
the commerce of the port. The new Japa
nese line is coming here, and the chances
are that Folsom-street wharf will be re
built for its accommodation.
REUNION OF VETERANS,
Army and Navy Republican
League Holds a Rousing
Meeting.
Old Soldiers Listen to Stirring Pr>
litical Addresses and Cheer
the Ticket.
The veterans of Camp No. 2, Army and
Navy League of California, held a rousing
reunion last night at the headquarters at
Kohler A Chase's Hall on O'Farrell street.
The rooms were profusely and artisti
cally decorated with the red, white and
blue, and portraits of McKinley, Jtiobart,
Lincoln, Grant, Logan, Sherman, Sheri
dan and Farragut were hung around the
hall.
More than 250 veterans were present,
and the reunion was presided over by
Commander M. 8. Blackburn.
A stirring address was delivered by
Congressman Eugene F. Loud. He spoke
on the monetary question, and explained
his reasons for sustaining the President's
veto on the Hoover pension case and also
his reasons for voting against the grant
ing of pensions of $50 to $75 a month to
the widows of officers. He stated that
soldiers who had lought in the cause of
the Union were entitled to as much as
the officers.
On the conclusion of Congressman
Loud's address a motion was made by
Adjutant-General James Kip that Mr.
Loud be the choice of the camp from the
Fifth District as Congressman in the pres
ent campaign. Mr. Load was elected
unanimously by a rising vote.
The following resolution was adopted by
the camp:
Whereas, The Republican Municipal Con
vention will soon assemble in this City for the
purpose of nominating a municipal ticket to
be voted upon at the coming election; there
fore,
Resolved, That Leland Stanford Camp No. 2
ol the Army and Navy Republican League of
California, an organization representative of
the "soldier vote" of this City, do cordially in
dorse Captain Leon E. Jones for the position
of Sheriff of the City and County of San Fran
cisco, believing that his qualifications emi
nently fit him for that position, ana we re
spectfully but urgently request that said con
vention place him upon the ticket for the posi
tion named.
Delanii Stanford followed with an appro
priate address.
Miss Dora Johnson then recited the
"Maid of Gettysburg," which was received
with great appiause. She afterward, by
special request, danced the "Cracovienne,
a pretty Polish dance. She was accom
panied on the mandolin by Professor
Mansfield.
It was stated that next Wednesday night
there will be a joint meeting at Kohler <fe
Chase Hall of Leland Stanford Camp No.
2, the Alger Camp No. 4 and the McKin
ley Camp No. 1, and two weeks from last
night will be held the regular meeting of
Camp No. 2.
Trouble With Their Kmployea.
The Risdon Iron Works recently
discharged two of. their storekeepers,
Fred E. Stanley and Charles W. Ains
worth, who, since their discharge, have
been borrowing money from persons not
knowing of their discharge.
WOMEN REPUBLICANS,
Important Resolutions Adopted
by the State Central
Club.
E. F. Loud Indorsed as Nominee for
the Fifth Congressional
District.
The Woman's State Central Republican
Club met in Justice Groezinger's court
room last night. There was a large at
tendance and much enthusiasm. Mrs.
Addie L. Ballou, president, was in the
chair.
The president read a letter from Ada B.
Campbell, Copperopolis, asking for a lady
speaker on Republicanism ; also one from
Oscar A. Tolle, in which he stated that
any aid he could render the league was at
their disposal. George Stone of the Union
League Club, expressed in a letter to the
president his good wishes for the success
of the league and offering to co-operate
with them. The president also read the
following letter from M. R. Higgins, sec
retary of the Republican State Central
Committee:
I am directed by the executive^ommlttee of
the Republican State Central Committee to
acknowledge receipt of your letter of July 17
inclosing the constitution and by-laws of the
Woman's State Central Republican Club. The
committee appreciates very highly the>kind
words spoken in your letter and assurances of
loyalty and interest which the women are
taking in the present struggle. We are well
aware of the great influence that you can as a
body as well as individually exert and will co
operate with you in any way that is possible in
the good work which you are doing.
Mrs. Ballou said that the time had come
when the women of California should
state their party preferences and read the
following set of resolutions, which were
adopted unanimously:
Whereas, The three National political par
ties, via., the Democratic, Prohibition and
Populist, in the conventions of 1896,
having failed to place a plank declara
tory to the political equality of women in
their platforms; and, whereas, the Republican
party has, since its. National convention in
1872, declared for and demanded equality for
all, irrespective *of race, sex, color or condi
tion, therefore
Retained, That it Is the sentiment of this
organization that the loyal, thoughtful women
of the United States should be mindful of the
resolution of the Republican party and in no
uncertain terms declare their appreciation of
such recognition; and also
Resolved, That we believe we can best serve
the Interests of our prosperity, our homes, our
citizenship and our Government by the organ
ized effort and establishment of women's Re
publican clubs, as recommended by our
National President, in the support of the prin
ciples and the success of the Republican party,
and in the affiliation with the various Repub
lican organizations within our several dis
tricts and communities and in co-operation
with them to the same great end.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to our National Association, the
Republican State Central Committee, the State
League of Clubs and be filed on the minutes
of this club.
Mrs. Budd said that any one that owed
anything to the Republican Darty and all
women should not be afraid of letting the
world know that they were Republican?.
Strong addresses were delivered by
Comrad* Macdonnell, past junior vice
commander of department of Sacra
mento, Mrs. Baily, Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Gibb,
Mrs. M. J. H. Rogers and Mrs. Buckley.
The club indorsed the mmc of E. F.
Loud as nominee for Congress for the
Fifth Congressional District. Twelve new
members were admitted to the club.
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE Brand
..CONDENSED MILK..
Has No Equal
SOLD EVERYWHERE
THE FAIR SISTERS
WILL NOT CONTEST
Have No Knowledge That
the Pencil Will Is
Forged.
AND REMAIN NEUTRAL.
A Short Time Ago They Were
Certain That It Was the Gen
uine Last Will.
WILL COME TO TRIAL SOON.
All Matters in the Controversy Held
Over Until the Authenticity of This
Document Is Decided,
The Fair will complication shaped itself
yesterday into the appearance of coming
to trial at some time on its merits.
Judge Slack signified that he would de
cide the matter of the standing of Van R.
Paterson in the case, as to his right to con
test the will of the 24th on behalf of the
children, by Monday next if the counsel
would get in their briefs in time. That
being disposed of, the court said the con
test might come on at once before the jury
now impaneled.
The most important move made yester
day in the case was the filing of an answer
on the part of Virginia Fair and Mrs.
Oelrichs to the opposition of Charles Fair,
in which they declare a quasi-neutrality.
They say in so many words that they
have no knowledge or information in re
gard to the truth of the assertion that the
will of September 24 is a forgery, and
therefore assert, "on information and be
lief," that the will is genuine.
This is the first declaration from ihe
daughters, who have been apparently
holding aloof, prepared to enter through
whichever gate was opened to success.
Attorney Delmas casually remarked the
other day that they were liable to the
charge of having defaulted in having
failed to answer their brother's contest.
This seems to have brought them into
court.
The declaration in their answer, how
ever, is almost in direct conflict with state
ments made in their behalf earlier in the
proceedings.
When the conflict between Judge Van
R. Paterson and Herman Oelrichs Sr. for
the guardianship of young Herman Oel
richs came up before Judge Slack on May
8, 1895, Reuben H. Lloyd said:
"The will of September 24 was submitted
to Mrs. Oelrichs, to her sister and to all
interested, and they all concurred that it
was in Mr. Fair's writing, and is his will."
The court at that time ordered the state
ment of Mr. Lloyd to be incorporated as
part of the evidence in the case.
The date for the trial of the contest of
the will of the 24th will probably be fixed
next Monday.
By consent it was arranged that the de
position of Mri. Craven should b ; taken
at that lady's residence next Saturday
morning, she being too ill to come into
court or to leave her room. The deposi
tion will be taken before a notary.
Notary J. J. Cooney was in court to an
swer his citation for contempt, but the
matter was postponed until this morning,
when he will also read and sign his depo
sition. The absence of Attorney Delmas
was partially responsible for the postpone
ment.
R. B. Mitchell, by consent, put in a
question to Cooney to be made a part of
the deposition. He wanted to know if the
notary was acquainted witn Mrs. Johnson,
the mother of Mr. Barkes, who was in the
employ of O'Farrell & Lang. The witness
said he did not know her.
W. S. Goodtellow, named as one of the
executors in the trust will of the 21st,
asked the privilege of making a statement
"There is a demand for tea of a
green i color in some parts ;of - this
country and Europe. It .is not a
question of flavor but of color with
some people." —(N. Y. Herald.)
Right Mr. Herald I But
why only green ?., Don't
you know that brown and
black Japan tea arc colored
too?
We are not sure whether
the people of this coast
want to keep on drinking
tea with their eyes/ or
whether they want to be-
gin to drink tea with their
■ mouth and palate and get
the full enjoyment and
health that tea has to give.
We are trying to find out.
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best.
In packages only.
' A Schilling & Company .
San Francisco MJ
; -■■ NEW h TO-1> AT— AMUSEMENTS. ■ } .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. auiiKtoTiiiit i.kkli.vh. Proprietor & .\i.&n*£»:
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gdstav Hinkichs. .
TO-NIGHT, Leoncavallo's Tragic Opera
•-- Al/io •- - - • in two met 8, ■ ■;--,
FRIDAY ' . "PAGLIACOI,"
SUNDAY • Preceded by -^ , ;
EVJENINOS, > ... - : Orchestral Selections.
-.Saturday £vening->Last Time, . ■
Gounod's Immortal Opera.
— r "PAUST" ■"
 ;■ ii Next Week, .■■ ■/'
. ... BEATS NOW ON SALE, ,
w°e n d day |THE HUGUENOTS !!ut! ay
. .' Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday, %
.....THE BOHEMIAN "GIRL— --
Popular Prlc«B-250 and SOoT \
■"..- ■ ■■ ■■ . - ■
NEW TO -DAT.
That Pleasing
Paralyzing Pie!
How good it Iook9! How
good it is ! And how it
hurts. Why not look into the
question of Pill after Pie?
Eat your pie and take Ayer's
Pills after, and pie will please
And not paralyze.
AVER'S
Cathartic Pills
CURE DYSPEPBIA.
in regard to the allegation of Attorney
Charles S. Wheeler that he had consented
to the offer of $300,000 to Mrs. Craven for
the renunciation by her of her claims
against the estate.
At his request lie was sworn, nnd reiter
ated, in greater detail, the statement made
in his behalf by his attorney, Garret Mc-
Enerney, in the general tilt of Monday lost.
He said that any man who would connive
at the suppression of a will was unworthy
to act aa executor. Some representations
had been made to him concerning deeds
held by Mrs. Craven for real property
which was held to be nart of the estate.
He had offered to join in an application to
the court for the payment of such sum in
consideration of her handing over these
deeds and forfeiting all claim* under them.
He was willing to answer any questions
which the lawyers might wish to put, he
said.
None of them signified any desire to ask
questions and Air. Good fellow retired.
NEW TOD A r- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
I- at the T\ This Week Only.
L9l| ■ k «*tf!&J MAT. SAT.
BALDWIN «HARUS
'_ ";_ ■ ■ ...'..... I FROHIIAN'g
— -EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY !— .
the THE
BRILLIANT IB^U^fJDIT'II"
SUCCESSFUL OS*
COMEDY ■TiHCDEJ
DRAMA . DOUBT
A WKLL Mr.JUTKD SUCCESS!
By A. W. Plnero, author of "Sweet Lavender," eta
NEXT MONDAY— The great event of the Empire
Company's Engagement.
A Dramatic Triumph by Bear; Arthur Jones,
THE MASQUERADERS
BEATS READY TO-DAY..
I ONLY 4 nights
A. ATTHE .1 morb and
LALIFORN A matinee
I vnLirimmn Saturday.
" ~ «? The Singing Irish Comedian
CHAUNCEY OLCOTT
In the Beautiful Irish Idyl
MAVOURNEENI
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
beautiful COSTUMES.
an unparalleled CAST.
Monday, AUGUST 10,
THE IRISH ARTISTI
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
i . .... .in. ■
;f (I:COLAnDLR.OO7TU)D fto»- it JSC3 MRUIMU •• • •
NOTHING BUT "~j NOTHING BUT
PRAISE I B ENCOMIUMS.
THE FRAWi.EY COMPANY
Producing the Most Knlliint American Corned;
Ever Written.
A COLD MINE!
Full of Humor, Pathos and Charm.
Wilton Lackaye, .America'; 'Greatest Character
■ Actor, and Mrs. Thorndyke- Bouclcault,
Handsome, Accomplished, Brilliant.
Next Momliiy— Augu.stin Daly's "The Great
Unknown." Seats on sale to-day.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
Wal/I'EK MOKOSUO, Sols Lessee and Muua^ii
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
—Second Week and Enormous Success of——
-JAMES M. BEOI'HY
"Our California Boy,"
In McKee Rankin's <">reat Drama,
"the x>-A.isrx*ri;si :"
THE PLAY OF THE WEEK!
Evening Prices— 2sc and 50c.
■■••••• Family < ircl» and Gallery, 10c. •
Usual A.atinens Saturday and Sunday.
r>'F»rrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday. Anir. 3. ■
THE FOUR NELSON SIBTEKS.
DRUMMONO STALKY AND BELLE
v. i i i; < « •>*.
BLACK PATH.
TECHOW'SPERFORMING CATS ANDBIOKDt
Only 3 Nights More of Lydia Yeamang-Titng
. , . and Ross >now. -
Secure seats In advance, Reserved seats, 25c;
Balcony, 10c: Opera-chairs and box-seats, 50c.
, COMING-KENNEDY, the King Laugh- Maker.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
; And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
DARWIN WAS RIGHT!
If You Don't Believe It See
"JOE !"
THE BOY SANDO"WI
And A Host of Novelties.
■ ADMISSION— 10 CENTS.
Children, including -Merry-Go- Round ±tlde, 0 cents.
Jhttn iafa«s;
Open Dally from-? a. m. Until 11 p.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
.', General Admission— Adults 10c. Children 5c
Mr ThreeweekS .
|» 1 I 7 n j—\ rp>, rp\ rf\\
ifGjIAN»T>^LION
/ display: 1
PElectricMotive- POWER
.■^Transmitted fbLSOM
DOHTFAIL US
EXCURSION BATES;
78
PROTECTION WOULD BUILD UP THE SUGAR INDUSTRY
Having shown how the wool business of
the United States has been ruined by that
form of Bryanlsm and free trade seen in
the Wilson revenue bill, the free-trade
measure particularly championed by Wil
liam Jennings Bryan in Congress, and
having adduced evidence from the best
sources to show that the lumber indus
tries of the country have been ruined by
free trade, it is now proposed to take a
survey of the sugar question, with refer
ence to Government aid.
It should be borne in mind at the outset
that tne McKinley bill provided for a
bounty of 2 cents a pound to the producers
of sugar in America. That was a stroke
of policy destined to encourage producers,
but that law was repealed by the Demo
crats. Under the present law there is a
small duty (40 per' cent ad valorem) on
sugar, but it is the general opinion of those
who have studied the subject that a higher
duty should obtain, nnd that a specific
duty would be better in every way.
Lest the reader fail to grasp the situation,
let it be understood at the outset that the
consumption of sugar in America each
year reaches the enormous amount of
2,000,000 long tons. The exact figures in
tons were as follows for the years named:
1893, 1,905,682; 1894, 2,012,714; 1895, 1,949,
--744.
Now let it be understood that the
Louisiana production is but 317,000 tons a
year, and tDe total beet crop output is 30,-
OCC tons, and it will be seen how vast a
percentage of the sugar used in the United
States comes from abroad. In 1895 the
total consumption of foreign sugar was
1."!7ii,438 tons. The beet sugar importations i
alone were 284,000 tons. That year there j
came in free nearly 1,064,000,000 pounds •of j
sugar. A proper tariff on this commodity j
alone woutd have gone very far toward
paying the expenses of the Government.
In addition, it would have greatly en
couraged American producers, and led a
number of farmers, already groping in !
vain in search of new industries, to have ;
gone into the beet sugar business.
To-day there is not proper encourage
ment for farmers to go into the beet-sugar J
business. Why? Because, though the !
industry pays fairly well there are obsta- j
cles in tne way in tne form of cheap prod- i
ucts from afar, products that come in free
of duty. The imports from China alone
are about 25,000,000 pounds a year. The !
steamers arriving at the port of San Fran- I
cisco nearly all bring heavy consignments
Chinese sugars. These, like all goods
FARMERS HAVE A
SUGAR BEET FEVER.
Eager to Go Into the Culti
vation of the Profit
able Crop.
SPRECKELS REFINERY.
It Has Given a New Impetus
to Life in Salinas
Valley.
BIG PROFITS IN THE BEET.
It Cures the Land and Makes It
Capable cf Big Things in
Other Crops.
The farmers of Salinas Valley are en
thusiastic, and growing more and more so
every day, over the prospect of the quick
establishment in their midst of the big
Spreckels beet sugar refinery.
The committee in charge of the work of
securing pledges of land from the farmers
for the production of susjar beets is having
an easy time of it. The necessary 30,000
acres of land has b»en more than pledged
already.
Claus Spreckels has returned to the City,
and is busily engaged with his engineer
and architect in completing the details of
the big factory. The arrangement of the
interior is made under the personal direc
tion of Mr. Spreckels from plans secured
during his recent long trip abroad, made
for the special purpose. Plans were
originally drawn in Paris, very hastily,
just before Mr. Spreckels' departure for
his home.
The exact location of the refinery has
not yet been determined finally, but H is
probable it will be built on the outskirts of
Salinas, near the Spreckels railroad.
In his address to the business men of
Salinas at the banquet last Saturday night
Mr. Spreckeis said that the big refinery was
bat the beginning and that other large en
terprises would follow, and referred inci
dently to the wharves to be built at Mon
terey Bay to accommodate the shipping of
sugar. All this has so swelled the citizens
of Salinas and the farmers of Salinas Val
ley with hope and pride that they think
and talk of nothing else. The farmers are
citing incidents of the revenue that is to
be gained from the cultivation of sugar
beet?. It is said to be one of the most
profitable crops that may be put in the
ground. James Borden is said to have re
a'ized from the cultivation of 200 acres no
less than $14,000 in one year.
Jacob Clausen rented to some Indians
his tract of a hundred acres at $20 per acre.
Being asked if that was not a pretty steep
fignre for rental he said that the Indians,
his tenants, had realized $21 per acre,
which he thought was profit enough. In
Other words the crop had netted $41 an
acre.
A number of such instances are being
cited. The secret of success of Salinas
Valley is the very simple one of rotating
crops, and that is no secret at all, for it is
necessary to success everywhere. "The
land of the valley is very foul," said Wil
liam Vanderhurst. "The principal crops
are barley and wheat, of which they pro
duce such a poor quality as to be unable
to find a market for it out o\ this country.
It has been shown, however, that it will
produce the very best quality of sugar
beets. More than that. After growing a
crop or two of the sweet root the land is
cured and the quality of barley and wheat
thereafter Droduced is of the very best.
It will be seen that the farmers hava more
than one reason for joy at the coming of
the big sugar factory. It gives them a
market at their door wherein no account
Great Prosperity the Certain Result of a Wise
Tariff, While Free Trade Is
a Blight.
J I from the Orient, are made by cheap labor
under conditions wholly un-American.
One of the large Chinese steamers will
bring a million pounds of sugar into the
market. If there were a heavy protective
tariff on sugar and a bounty such as the
\ McKinley law offered the sugar industry
. ! migiit readily be made one of the most
. ! important in America, particularly im
! portaut on the Pacific Coast, where the
'' climate and soil favor the profitable devel
\ j opment of 6ugar beets.
Speaking of the matter yesterday, Claus
'Spreckels said: "We ought to have a
tariff on sugar; also a good sugar bounty.
j This would encourage the sugar industry.
. ! The American farmer must be given a
| chance, but he cannot thrive in any
i branch of sugar-raising if the Govern
! ment does nothing to aid him. In Ger
. | many the government pays a bounty of
: 48 cent* on every 100 pounds of sugar ex
ported, but the Germans also have a high
, i protective tariff law. What is the result?
! Germany is to-day the most prosperous of
j countries, while England is in a bad way,
; and if she is not driven to protection as a
i policy further ruin must come to her. In
I this country there ought to be a sugar
! bounty of at least $5 a ton and a duty of 4
cents a pound, the same as in Germany.
"There is no reason why a proper se
ries of fostering laws would not make it
! possible for American farmers to produce
I sugar enough for the United States. We
could do most of the sugar-raising right
here in California for that matter, because
[ we have every advantage of soil and cli
; mate. Wheat-raising no longer pays, be
| cause the great fields of the Argentine
I Republic have ruined prices. The sugar
beet industry, therefore, naturally pre
sents itself as one of prime importance to
i the farmer and to the whole people, for if
I the farmer fails all fail.
"The McKinley law's bounty feature was
a good thing, and the Republican party's
need be taken of commission merchants'
margins or freight bills, while the growing
of this crop, in making possible the grow
ing of other profitable crops, increases the
value of the land."
Many of the farmers have raised grain
with such poor results that they have be
come greatly discouraged. Since the
opening of the Watsonville factory they
have turned eagerly to beets.
From the same land where a failure had
been made of cereals they have taken off
an average of fourteen tons of beets per
acre. One man last year weighed up 700
tons off thirty-five acres. At $4 per ton
anybody can figure that this is doing very
good business. After several crops of
beets a farmer put in potatoes where be
fore that crop had yielded very poorly.
He harvested one-third more than be had
j ever done before.
This is the universal testimony through
out the valley, and easily explains why
everybody down that way is now suffering
from the sugar-beet fever.
Mr. Spreckels says he expects to have
the biggest factory in the world eating up
3000 tons of beets per day in full operation
in about a year from this date.
The Volunteer Army.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. s.— Major Wash
ington Blackhurst of the Volunteers of
America had a full bouse to greet him last
night in the Park-street M. £. Church.
Ho explained the situation which led to
the dismissal of Commander and Mrs.
Ballington Booth from the Salvation
Army, and contrasted the systems of gov
ernment in England and America.
Elaborating this thought he maintained
that unless a Salvation Army officer
adapted himself to the spirit of the coun
try be lived in he could not succeed in
building up his work. The Volunteers
would therefore be more republican in
form of government, and other innova
tions would be introduced that would add
to its permanency. The Volunteers would
not be a duplicate of the old movement.
There would be as much difference in
them as existed between the governments
of England ana America.
ATTACKED HER MOTHER,
Tragedy Attempted by a Young
Lady in an Aristocratic
Neighborhood.
Miss Guernsey Wields a Knife While
a Guest at the Wright Resi
dence.
Oakland Office San Fhancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 5. J
The aristocratic residents of Jackson
street were greatly surmised a few days
ago to learn that a tragedy had been very
narrowly averted in their midst.
Miss Guernsey and her mother, who were
from the East, were staying at the resi
dence ol John T. Wright, tne capitalist.
Miss Guernsey is subject to spells of par
tial insanity and during one of these it
was reported that she had made an at
tack on her mother with a knife.
The intimate friends of the family said
to-day that Miss Guernsey's feeble health
was all that saved her mother's life.
"The visitors were staying at the Wrights'
for the benefit of Miss Guernsey's health.
She is feeble-minded and frequently re
quires restraining. A few days ago she
was attacked with one of her customary
spells and she considered that she had
been commissioned to kill her mother.
She went into the kitchen and procured a
caseknife and essayed to attack her
mother. Mrs. Guernsey is a much stronger
woman than her daughter and was able
to overpower her.
"Had the attack been made when Mrs
Guernsey was unprepared there would
have been a much more serious story to
tell. Her mother took the daughter £ast
next morning and their departure caused
great relief to their host"
Dr. Kuhlman'g Cage.
Dr. Kuhlman was brought before Judee
Hunt yesterday morning on a writ of habeas
corpus, he being in the hands of the Sher'ff on
an order of Coronor Hawkins for contomn
Judge Hunt fixed the doctor's bail at 11000
Went Into Convulsions.
John Polkinsham, a painter, living on Gates
street, drank something out of a bottle last
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
American Farmers Can
Be Given a New
Business by Pro
tection.
protective tariff idea is a good thing, for
the sugar business in particular. Protec
tion and a bounty would enable the Amer
ican sugar-beet grower to work diligently
to build up a substantial business; but
under free trade, with the cheap labor of
the world against him, with bounties
abroad to give his competitors every ad
vantage, the farmer cannot be expected to
fare as he would under the fostering policy
outlined.
"The State of Nebraska still pursues the
proper policy, paying 1 cent on each pound
of sugar. Thi3 goes as an encouraging
bounty to the producer. Little sugar as
we raise in this country, compared with
the consumption, we have seriously felt the
loss of the bounty at various times. In
1894 times were very dull on that account."
Mr. Spreckels believes the German Gov
ernment's policy of a sugar bounty is the
correct one, and that this country will yet
see its way to a similar law.
The following interesting account of the
way the German bounty etimulated the
farmers is from the June report of Consul-
General Frank H. Mason at Frankfurt.
Mr. Spreckels says there is no reason why
similar prosperity should not come to
this country under a similar law. Consul
Mason says:
The sugar-tax amendment law, over which
has been waged in the German Parliamentone
of the longest and most determined battles of
recent years, was finally enacted as a conces
sion to the agrarian interests, and went into
effect on Monday of the present week. Its in
LEFT TO DIE ON
A DOORSTEP,
Unknown Child Found in
Front of a Lodging-
House.
ONLY THREE DAYS OLD.
It Was Neatly Dressed and
Wrapped in an Old News
paper.
iENT TO THE ORPHAN ASYLUM
The Police Can Find No Clew to Lead
to the Identity of the
Parents.
.A Chinese servant employed in the
Hiilsdale House, corner of Sixth and Jes
sie streets, found an abandoned baby girl
Tho little Waif Who Was Left to the Mercies of the World.
on the steps leading to the Jessie-street
entrance yesterday morning.
About 8 o'clock he was attending to his
usual duties sweeping away the dust from
the stairway and hallway, and on opening
the door he saw a bundle on the steps.
Something was tied up in a newspaper,
and thinking it was some debris put there
as a practical joke he was going to sweep
it off the steps, when it struck him to ex
amine what was in the bundle.
He lifted it up and was scared almost
out of his wits when something moved
and gave a feeble cry. He tore off the
newspaper and the face of a big blue-eyed
baby girl looked up at him. He carried
the baby into the house and hurried to
the landlady with his precious burden.
The landlady is of a practical turn of
mind and at once sent the Chinese in
search of a policeman. He soon found
Policeman Koegel, who toos the baby to
the Receiving Hospital.
Matron Kane at once took charge of
the waif and a telephone message was
sent to Mount St. Joseph Orphan Asylum.
In a few hours the baby was taken to the
asylum, wftere so many other tiny unfor
tunates have found a home.
The baby is about two or three days old,
and according to Matron Kane is "an ex
ceedingly handsome, strong infant. It
was neatly dressed in good material, but
there was nothing that would give the
slightest clew to the identity of its
parents. From its appearance it could
fluence will be to increase the sugar produc
tion of Germany, and to that extent exert a
depressing effect upon the general market and
the Interests of producers in other beet-grow
ing countries.
The circumstances which have led to the
present situation tfre briefly these: From the
time when the Prussian Government began
the systematic encouragement of the beet
sugar Industry down to 1887, the tax on sugar
for home consumption was calculated upon the
quantity of beets worked up by each separate
factory, it being assumed that the quantity of
roots required to produce a given weight of
cugar would be uniform and invariable. The
proportion adopted was twenty units of raw
beet root to one uuit of sugar, which, at tne
time when the law was enacted, was approxi
mately correct.
But. under the stimulus of the export
bounties provided by the same law the Ger
man beet-growers and sugar-makers worked
hard and intelligently to improve and Increase
their product. By careful selection and culti
vation the bee's were so improved that from
twelve to fourteen tons of roots would yield a
ton of sugar. Great advance was also made in
the machinery nnd j rocesses employed in the
sugar factories, so that as a liual result the
German Government, which paid nearly 12
cents per hundred weight bounty on all sugar
exported, and charged a tax of the same
amount on all sugar for home consumption
that could be made from tweuty hundred
weight of beets, found that the export bounties
completely absorbed the revenue derived from
the sugar tax.
This tendency of the system had become ap
parent as early as 1869, and an attempt was
made at that time to revise the law, but the
sugar-producing interest was powerful enough
to resist this effort, and during the sugar sea
son of 1866-67 the Government was paying
about $1 17 bounty on each 100 kilograms
(220.46 pounds) of sugar exported to foreign
countries. This was more than the imperial
treasury could well withstand, and the export
bounty was reduced to 2.50 marks (59.5 cents)
per 100 kilograms— a little more man one
fourth of a cent per pound.
Sugar-growing still continued to be the most
profitable form of culture for German farmers,
the area of cultivation and number of sugar
only have been a short time on the steps
before being discovered by the Chinese
servant.
The police will make a strong effort to
discover who the parents are, and, if
found, an example will be made of them,
as tne abandonment of infants has been
too frequent of late. It is believed that
the fact of no arrests having been made
and the consequent immunity from pun
ishment id responsible for this increase of
crime.
A few months ago a newly born baby
boy was found in the yard of the same
house wrapped in a piece of cloth. It, too,
was sent to the Mount St. Joseph Orphan
Asylum. No trace of its parents could be
found.
DID NOT WANT PAY.
Tlrey J.. Ford Gave His Services Gratis
to the Miners' Association.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the California Miners' Association,
held Monday evening at the rooms of the
Union League Club, T. L. Ford submitted
a report of his labors at Washington i>i
behalf of certain mining legislation during
the recent session of Congress. After the
committee had received and adopted the
report and ordered it printed for circula
tion among members of the association,
Mr. Ford was informed by a member of
the committee that it was desired that he
should retire from the committee-room in
order that certain matters might be dis
cussed. The matter consisted of voting to
pay Mr. Ford $1000 for his serviced, par
ticularly as he had been to considerable
expense, beside having neglected his per
sonal business for several months during
his trip East.
It was a matter of some surprise when
on the following day President J. H. Neff
of the association received a Jetter from Mr.
Ford, in which the latter declined to accept
any compensation. In his letter he says:
No one could appreciate more highly than do
I the sincere au<i worthy motives that gov
erned the committee in their attempt to lhus
recompense me for the lime which I had the
honor to devote to the cause which we all have
at heart. While profoundly grateful for the
kindness thus intended to be shown me, and
deeply moved by tne kind expressions of per
sonal regard so freely tendered me by yourself
and others at that meeting, I must neverthe
less decline to accept any pecuniary compen
sation for the humble services I have rendered
the Calilornia Miners' Association.
— . , • — ♦ — • —
Golden Gate Driving AsgocJation.
At a special meeting of the Golden Gate
Driving Association, held at Police Court 3,
new City Hail, Tuesday evening, August 4, the
following were elected a board ot directors:
Dr. G. W. Leek, president; J. C. Ohlandt, vice
president: C. F. Kapp. treasurer; W. J. Simp
son, secretary; Dr. l. Barker Dalziel, F. W.
Thompson, H. F. Patrick, Fred Meyer, William
Hamerton, John T. Dare, T. B. Broderick, John
McGrath, J. C. Kirkpo trick, L. E. Clawson,
George Raubinger, W. McMahan. Thirty-three
new members were initiated. There were sev
eral entries made for the trotting races which
will be held September 9. A committee was
appointed to wait on the Park Commissioners
and ask for the repair of the speed track. The
next meetme will be held to-night at 20
O'Farrell street, to which all horsemen are
invited.
In the artists' material department of San
bom, Vail <fe Co. you can buy floor paint, wood
stains, house paint, gold paints, liquid glue
and sterling polish put up in small cans for
family use at very low prices. •
factories continued to increase, loud com
plaints were heard against a system tfiat
favored one class of farmers at the expense of
the entire population, and, in 1891, the Im
perial Diet reduced the sugar export bounty
by half, that is, to 29.7 cents per 100 kilograms,
and decreed that such bounty should entirely
cease on the 31st of July, 1897, provided that,
in the meantime, Austria, France and other
bounty-paying countries should likewise re
duce their bounties on exported sugar. Sev
eral attempts have been made to reach such
an International agreement, but without suc
cessful result, and undercover of this failure
to secure a general reduction or abolition of
bounties, the German agrarians have rallied
and secured the adoption of the present law,
which restores the export bounty of 1887 (59.5
cents per 220.46 pounds) and raises the tax on
sugar for home consumption from 18 marks
(f 4 28) lo 21 marks ($4 99) per 100 kilograms,
or about 2.2 cents per pound.
The increased tax will of course be added to
the retail price of sugar, already very high,
and tend to still further retard the increase Of
sugar consumption in Germany, which is now
only 28.8 pounds per capita, against 73.68
pounds per capita in England and 77 pounds
in the United States. This low rate of con
sumption will not appear unnatural when it
is remembered how large a percentage of the
working class in Germany must live with the
utmost economy, and that sugar, which sells
in the United States at 4 and 5 cents per
pound, costs at retail 7% cents a pound in Ger
many.
But what would become of the sugar in
dustry under the policy of non-inter
ference advocated by Bryan? Careful stu
dents of the situation Bee great possibili
ties in a protective tariff, judiciously ap
plied to the sugar business of the country.
They see in it an outlet for the farmers,
a new field for the expenditure of agrarian
energy, aad the prospect of a new busi
ness for the country.
It has been demonstrated that while
California is peculiarly fitted for the beet
industry, it will flourish in nearly every
State in the Union. A protective tariff on
sugar would not only greatly encourage
the industry, but it would raise revenues
in vast amounts for the purposes of gov
ernment. The sum in 1893 alone on im
ported sugars would have been $90,000,000
had there been a tariff of even 3 cents a
pound on the imported article.
In view of the policy of Germany, of the
cheap sugar of the Orient and of the other
inequalities the American sugar-raiser has
to contend with, a bounty and a tariff on
sugar seems the most desirable means of
improving the industry, protecting the
capital already invested, ana raising a
large revenue for the Government.
DR. STANTON IS
NAMED FOR MAYOR,
The Buckleyites Bring Out
the Railroad Com
missioner.
DEMOCRATIC ASPIRANTS
Some of the Men Who Are
Crowding Early for Local
Nominations.
POPPER'S PATRIOTIC PURSE.
The Democratic State Leaders Are
Waiting for New York Advice
About Fusion.
The Buckleyit«s have just begun a little
bootr for Dr. James I. Stanton for Mayor.
The Railroad Commissioner ib, perhaps,
their most popular leader, and they will
be unanimously and enthusiastically in
favor of putting him at the head of their
ticket if he will accept the nomination.
Stanton has not, of course, declared him
self in the field, but he will be the nomi
nee of the coming municipal convention
of the Buckley Democracy, without doubt,
if he will consent, when the time comes,
to being entered in the race for this higher
honor.
James D. Phelan is yet the only candi
date for Mayor discussed by the Junta,
and they all expect to make him their
nominee when they hold their conven
tion.
But the future of all phases of Demo
cratic municipal peptics depends on the
outcome of the struggle between the rival
factions, which has not brought forth any
definite prospects of compromise. Candi
dates for municipal offices are springing
up on both sides of the fence, and all trust
that in some way or other the party wiil
be united on one ticket.
W. J. Biggy is just now the Jeading can
didate for Sheriff on the Junta aide.
Chairman Sullivan, Secretary McGovern,
Max Popper,- Sam Braunhart and otner
leaders are backing Biggy and as likely as
not the Junta convention will name Mr.
This will, however, depend much more
on Sam Rainey and Ed .Lanigan than on
Mr. Sullivan and Mr. Popper, as the con
vention, which wili be held in about six
weeks, will be controlled by these bosses
who will dictate the patronage nomin
ations at least.
Rainey and Lanigan would like to nom
inate Joseph 1. Dimoud for Sheriff if they
saw any chance for his election. Anthony
Quille and P. J. Tomalty would also like
to get the nomination, and on the Buck
ley side Under Sheriff Clack is an aspirant.
Lanigan would like to make Supervisor
Hirsch, bis brother-in-law, County Clerk,
and Peter McGlade is paid to have Rainey's
favor. John F. McGovern, secretary of
the Junta general county committee, is a
strong candidate, and has the favor of Sul
livan, Popper and the best elements of
the Junta. John H, Grady, ex-Tax Col
lector, would like to succeed Mr. Curry.
W. F. Ambrose is reported to be Rainey's
present favorite for Superintendent of
Streets, and Frank Lester, another candi
date for the nomination, is credited with
Lanigan's good wishes. Ex-Scbool Di
rector Thomas Ford is one of the Buckley
ites credited with this ambition. The Sul
livan-McNab-Popper element of the Junta
have, according to report, made up their
minds to back C E. Grunsky for the office
of Superintendent of Streets. Mr. Grun
sky is a civil engineer, was a member of
the late sewer commission and was the
last non-partisan nominee for the office.
Auditor Broderick wants to be Auditor
again, and Fleet F. Strother, who once
held the office, wonld like to succeed him.
When it comes to the Recordership one
may hear that the office is being chased by
the incumbent, Mr. Glynn, by T. J Pin
der, School Director Carew. W. H. Miller
and C. W. Pope.
The Democratic candidates for the Leg
islature are multiplying like rabbits.
The secret of where the money to pay
the running expenses of the Junta comes
from all this time is out. Max Popper has
been patriotically putting it uo, and he
has advanced to the McNab»Rainev aggre
gation several hundred dollars, which he
trusts to the future for payment. The
main expense has been the rent of the
rooms of the State Democratic Club in the
Flood building, which the Junta has occu
pied for several months.
A day or two ago the headquarters were
moved to a larger suite of rooms on the
same floor, and Max cheerfully writes his
check for the rent every thirty days. Mr.
Popper is naturally given added consid
eration in the councils of the "inside."
This is an old habit of Popper's. He has
in past years advanced thousands to
county and State committees of which he
was chairman.
The Buckleyites are organizing Bryan
and Sewell clubs in the various districts
and expect to enroll several thousand
Democrats in these organizations.
Chris Buckley is a regular daily visitor
now to the new and extensive headquar
ters of the Buckley organization at 20
Ellis street. He meets and enthuses the
faithful in the rear room of one of the
suites occupied, holding levees which the
boys proudly attend or advising privately
with the leaders, who are not only hold
ing the organization well together but
are extending and perfecting it.
campaign work keeps
Chairman Alford busy day and evening
in the State Committee headquarters in
the California Hotel, wdere leading Demo
crats are beginning to drop in and out.
Fusion with the Populists is quietly and
informally discussed more or less, and the
problem will likely be canvassed at the
meeting of the State Central Committee
on Saturday.
No definite propositions are yet to the
front, and the Democratic leaders are not
inclined to say anything definite until
after the meeting of the Democratic Na
tional Committee in New York.
National Committeeman J. J. Dwyer is
on his way to New York to attend this
meeting. He has consulted with the lead
ine Democrats and Populists here, knows
the possibilities and difficulties of fusion
in this State and will advise with Chair
man Jones in New York.
Chairman Alford and others will wait
for the general result of the National Com
mittee meeting and for advices from Mr.
Dwyer before they do much dickering
with the Populists.
IN A NIGHT.
An Island Disappeared and Changed
the Boundary of Two States.
An island in the Missouri River broken
into fragments and washed away was the
unusual spectacle Atchison (Kans.) people
witnessed yesterday morning. For years
an island of 600 or 700 acres has been one
of the attractions of Atchison. It was as
fertile as a garden, and was known all over
the West for the excellence of the celery,
asparaeus, sweet potatoes and melons it
produced. It baa the appearance of a
veritable oasis in a desert, and its green
shrubbery, generous shade trees, velvet
lawns and cool springs were a perpetual
joy.
Upon this island a shooting club had a
home, and the baseball enthusiasts had
their grounds and grand stand. Alto
gether it was a most pleasant resort. In a
single night this island was dissolved into
fragments. The big June rise in the Mis
souri River struck it, andjio-day it is only
a reminiscence. What was Kansas' loss,
however, was Missouri's gain. With the
obliteration of the island the current left
the Missouri shore and struck hard against
the Kansas bluffs. The result of this is
that the Missouri banner has been planted
a mile westward, and hundreds of acres of
rich bottom ianrl have been added to its
domain, while Kansas mourns the loss of
its green island and pleasant parlc. — Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
The Sneaker and forty members consti
tute a Ifouse of Commons.
NEW TO-DAY.
HH Profits
Ip Divided
dP|L Customers.
BIG GUT
—on *;
Crockery, China and Glassware
A HANDSOME PRESENT
GIVEN EACH CUSTOMER
P D II I T 45c per Doz. Pints
r !>.«-'« * 55c per Doz. Quarts
I ADC 75c per Doz. Half Gallons
Or\K^iJ joe per Ooi. Jelly Glasses
•Great American liportin Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st. '
3510 Mission st. * ' 318 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore at,
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st*
531 Montgomery «v«J. 104 Second st. - -
133 Hayes st 3259 Mission st.
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. •
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
33;;S Park st., Alameda.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
/*- Weakness of Body and
■-' rltrV\- Mind," Effects of Errors
yiEKflflk or Excesses ■in < Old or
jCVJ~J^OW§ Young. Robust, Noble
' ftfs^S. iT ' Manhood fully Restored;
CC vrf/'^*K. How to • Enlarge and
flr Xls »ir\ Strengthen Weak, Un-
/Vgrfc \ wr^j^Jsa developed Portions of
ftßlilAwr^SXV Body. " Absolntely an-
IYSK^I/iM^nmWl failing Home Treatment.
' Jr^/}mu\.UuO -Benefits in a day.
Men testify from 60 < States and Foreign'
Countries. ; Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO.; Buffalo, N.Y.
■ NEW ' TO-DAY.
■our r^tjr -
■SHOES W* 7s°*
H Elsewhere more than we ask you ?No
H reason for it in the world. It matters
■ 5e O lir: h WEi, > AYE q | U r.' 1 * or m " ke >° U
■)UR CLEARANCE SALE
■ MEANS LOWER PRICES, NOT
■ CHKAI'KU GOODS.
■ V *izes 8y 2 to 101/3 Formerly 81 25
ki iB"?^^""" goat
■*■* ■ ■ ■ W tor boys and girls, sizes liy 2 to
■ ■*• Sold regularly for »i 7 5
■01 1B"HH O OU' veal cvlf
IV ■■ ■ V Extra solid Reduced from 83
■A 1! fjg-LADIEB' FINK PARIS
■V IIWV i.i;> TIKB, turn sole, needle
H toe. patent tip, all sizes and
widths reduced from &i 00
A 4 j*(»|-liADIES' FIXE' PA IS IS
X I rill Kl[> LAt3K OK BUTTON
■ ■VV BOOTS, cloth top, needle toe
and tip, all sizes and widths
..sold regularly for 83 OO
. Extra Bargains in all classes of foot-
wear during our Clearance Sale.
1346 and 1348 Market Street. '
Opposite Odd Fellows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
$10 bedroom sets around
town — let them alone ; for
a little more you can buy
a good set— "Red Letter
Days."
Good furniture, quick
prices.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117 Geary Street. ;
"RA7AAD \
School
Books.
PARTIAL LIST:,
Revised First Reader 160
Revised Second Header......'. 26c
Revised Third Reader 40c
Revised Fourth Reader ....50c
Revised Eni;.l»h Grammar. .................. ...45c
Old First Header lHc
Old .second Reader 30c
Old Third Reader 600
5pe11er.......... 23c
Primary Number Lessons .lHc
Advanced Arithmetic 400
Lessons in Language 28c
Kniillsli Grammar. 40c
U. & History .....65c
Elementary Geography 460
Advanced Geography 93c
PhvBiolosry '....... 46 j
Civil Government ;.: .•........■..;;.. ..43c
KgKleston's Primary History 650
Smith's l'rlmer of Physiology....; 250
Vertical Copy Books 7c
Ward's Business Forms. Nos. 1 and 2.. Si;
Ward's Business Forms, Nos.'3 and 4......... 13e
Bookkeeping Books— l set $2 i)«
Bayer's Blementary Biology 70c
Fiske'g Civil Government .'. BSc'
Flake's U. fa. History ..85c
Oayley's Classic Myths 91 35
Coming's Outline Rhetoric 90c
Packard's Com- Arithmetic (1 10
Richardson's Chemistry $1 00
Smith htringtiam's Kle. Algebra $1 00
fHvles' Milton to Tennyson...... 90a
Tliden's Com. Geography.. $1 10
NOTE.— AII Books furnished with a strong Cloth
Cover FREE OF CHaRUK.
SPATES
Noiseless, cloth-bound, with free outfit of
box of 10 slate pencils, a 12-inch ruin, a
lead-pencil shar uener and sponge
. 81KGLK. ...... 6x9, 07c; 7.x11,08c: Bxl2, 10c
DOUBLE 6x9, 15c; 7xll, 17c; Bxl2, 300
100 POINTED FLAG SLATE PENCILS...... lOC
RUBBER-TIP LKAD PENCiLS, with fine
pencil sharpener..... .....5c a dozen
PENCIL BOXES, furnished lock and key...... .80
PENCIL BOXES, fane/ styles, up to 380
12, 15 and 18 inch BRASS-EDGE RULERS
..sc, 8c and 10c
600-PAGE PENCIL TABLET ....60
96-Page Stiff Cover COMPOSITION BOOK ..6cINDIAN TEACHERS
SEEING THE SIGHTS
Took a Respite From Busi
ness to Amuse Them
selves.
A "SOCIABLE" TO-NIGHT.
Valuable Papers by Experienced
Writers Read and Dis
cussed.
A LECTURE THI3 AFTERNOON.
United States Superintendent to Ad
dress the Schoolteachers of
San Francisco.
The teachers of the United States Indian
Educational Association took a respite
last evening after the second day's session.
They spent the evening in seeing the
sights of San Francisco and attending
such places of amusement as took their
fancy. The convention will {jet down to
business again at 9 o'clock this morning
in the assembly-room of the Board of
Education.
At 1:30 o'clock this afternoon Dr. W. N.
Hailman, the United States Superintend
ent of Indian Schools, will address the
teachers of Ban Francisco and the conven
tion in the Girls' High School at Geary
and Scot streets, and in the evening in
the Board of Education rooms a social
meeting will be held for the purpose of
getting better acquainted.
Tbe teachers had a group picture taken
on the McAllister-street steps of the City
Hall at noon.
The morning session yesterday opened
with an address by Dr. Hailman. He said
the educators should be ready to do away
with corporal punishment, and that the
Indian child should not be punished for
things he did not fully understand, for he
was more ready to obey than the white
child.
Dr. A. H. Heineman spoke, advocating
manual labor in the garden and carpenter
shop for Indian children.
S. P. Kirn ball of the Overland Monthly
addresse i the institute.
Miss Jessie Cook, a teacher in the Pima
School, Arizona, pleased the convention
with a paper on the "Education of Indian
Girls." She said the best results had
come from separating the Indian child
from everything Indian. This was not
possible, however, in most cases. Also
the best results were obtained by begin
ning to teach Indian girls when they are
almost babies. She said many Indians
were on a nigher plane before an attempt
was made to civilize them than they are
now.
Discussion of the morning papers and
speeches was participated in Dy A. E.
Nordin, C. E. Burton, E. F. Thomas, Mr.
Gresharn, Miss Julia M. Frenchfield,
W. V. Graves and K. P. Collins.
Mi^s M. Burgess opened the afternoon
session by reading an interesting paper on
"The Carlisle Idea," which is the idea of
higher training and education for the In
dian as provided in the Government
school at Carlisle, Pa. She said many In
dians there had bank accounts wbichthey
had accumulated from their own labor,
and that their total savings aggregated
$15,000. That the system is successful is
demonstrated by the fact that Indian
girls are doing well as domestic servants
and the boys are successful as carpenters
an i in other trades.
Discussion of the "Carlisle Idea" was
participated in by W. V. Graves of Green
vilie (Or.) school, who said that there was
much encouragement in the reservation
school, though Carlisle was doing excellent
work in its line; Superintendent Potter of
SaJem, Or., who said he did not think the
work could get along without either kind
of school, and that it would be a good
thing if the Indian could be got off ihe
reservation, but how was that to be done?
The great point was to get the Indian out
into the world where he could earn his
own living.
Superintendent Calvin Asbury of the
Fort Simcoe Reservation, "Washington,
read a paper on "The Place and Scope of
Industrial Training in Reservation
Schools." He said that the dignity of
honest labor should be impressed on the
mind of the Indian youth, whereag, he
feared, in many cases the Indian boy
had been led to believe that after a few
years' schooling he would be aole to wear
fine clothes and be superior to tbe labor
ing man. "All teachers should have an
opportunity to teach the Indian boy farm
ing and the Indian girl how to make her
own clothes," he said. "On the Yakima
Reservation many Indians are as well
equipped in machinery and live in as good
houses as the white farmer. The Indian
should be made to feel that he is responsi
ble for something."
Miss Sarah E. Morris of Mission Agency,
California, read a paper on "Miscellaneous
School Work." It dealt of methods and
suggestions in regard to work in day
scnools.
Superintendent W. V. Graves of Green
ville (Or.) School presented the subject of
"Popular Education." He said kinder
garten work is very useful in Indian edu
cation. He said: "The Indian child is
imitative; he is not the equal of the white
child in independent thought. A new
era has dawned on the Indian. Now the
school bell sounds on hill and in valley,
calling him to the ball of learning and
thought." He recommended footbail and
baseball as sports for the red man. "A
healthy development of body and m md and
soul constituted true education," he said.
Captain John Maranco of Mission
Agency, California, an Indian of middle
age in the uniform of the Indian police,
made r. short talk. He said he always
told his people to urge their children "to
attend school so they might be able to do
business for themselves in the future. In
his childhood there was no school and he
had no chance to learn anything. He
thanked all the teachers and the Great
Father, who sent them. He said he was
glad to be present and that his people
were doing pretty well.
Major Joseph Emory of the United
Stales Indian agency at Klamath, Or.,
,aid the educators are doing a work that
is telling on the destiny of the red men.
"I believe in the Carlisle and such schools,"
he said, "but in order to uplift the Indians
*c must go among them. Therefore I be
lieve that the reservation Bchool is a great
;ivilizer. We can improve these schools.
Men and women who teach the Indians
ire giving their lives to the uplifting of
ihe human race. One evil-minaed white
man on a reservation can undo th c good
work that a dozen have done, I was going
to say, for half a century. No people of
my nation have received the good that
these red men have from the United States,
md I am not one of those who cry, Lo,
;be poor Indian."
Major William Burgess of San Francisco,
tnnounced by Chairman Newberne as the
"veteran Indian worker of California," waa
failed on for some remarks: He said:
"1 still leel great interest in the work. I
have been surprised to find educated peo
ple so lamentably ignorant of tue Indian
question. While lam firmly of the opin
ion that education iv the reservation is j
doing a vast amount of jrood, yet, having
visited the Carlisle and other Government
schools, I must say they are on a par with
our best schools in the country, and must
be the crowning work. We want to break
up the reservations as soon as the Indian
can be made self-supporting and assume
the responsibilites of the independent citi
zen."
TO MEET IN THIS CITY.
The Christian Endeavorers Will Cele
brate Their Success in Securing the
Next Annual Convention.
To-night at the Central Methodist
Church, the Christian Endeavorers of
this City will hold a mass-meeting to
celebrate their success in securing for San
Francisco the next National convention of
the Endeavorers of the United States.
Several addresses will be made on the
last convention held at Washington, D. C,
and on the work of preparation necessary
to be done for the convention here next
year. Among the prominent speakers will
be Dr. E. E. Kelly, Rev. William Rader
and Professor J. A. Wiles, who will pre
side.
It is expected that 25,000 delegates
will be present at the convention besides
a host of strangers connected with the or
ganization.
Endeavorers state that this will be the
largest convention of any kind ever held on
this coast. The first attempt in 1895 to get
the convention here resulted in failure, ow
ing to the great stride on the railroad at
that time and the impossibility of secur
ing satisfactory rates. The California con
tincent, however, was not discouraged and
delegates to the last convention at Wash
ington, I). C, obtained what had been so
lone contested.
Already the necessary guarantee fund of
$25,000 has been raised. The convention
will meet Here in July of next year. Tbe
delegates to Washington have just re-
GREAT SACHEM A. JACKSON.
turned from the East and an account of
the proceedings in that city will be ren
dered.
IN RICHMOND DISTRICT,
St, James Episcopal Congrega
tion Will Build a New
Church.
The Richmond Branch Postoifice
Will Be Opened Septem
ber 15.
St. James Mission in Richmond district
is preparing to build a new church at a
cost of $5000. The congregation has been
meeting in Guild Hall on Clement street,
near Sixth avenue, but a material increase
in the membership has necessitated the
erection of a new place of divine worship.
The building will be on tbe site of the hall
and within a block of the Maria Kip Or
phanage, which is to be established at
Lake street and Seventh avenue. It is to
seat about 300 persons and will be a pretty,
modern structure.
Tbe trustees met a few days ago and
issued a cail for assistance from other
Episcopal churches or from those of any
denomination, as the present small con
gregation at Guild Hall was unable to
bear the expense of a new building.
Station M, a branch postoifice, will be
established at the corner of Clement street
and Sixth avenue an«l will be ready for
business September 15. It will be in
charge of William Somers as superintend
ent. It will be provided with a domestic
and foreign money-order department and
a full force of carriers and clerks. Tbe
new postal cars will bring the mail di
rectly from the ferry to the new office.
Superintendent Somers' appointment will
be a four-year one dating from September
15.
The large force of graders are laboring
away at their two years 1 job removing the
sand hills from the forty blocks north of
Golden Gate Park. The big conical dune
west of Odd Fellows' Cemetery has melted
away to oe dumped in the old racetrack ra
vines.
One of tbe steam paddies is at work dig
ging up the old grade of the old race
course, and the other machine is eating
away the sandbanks farther west. Long
strings of cars hauled by horse teams
bring their loads along the 15-inch gauge
tracks to the low places, where they are
dumped.
George E. Lyon, a newspaper artist, and
the brother of Editor Walter E. Lyon of
the Richmond Banner, is on his way back
to his home in tj>is City. He was doing
newspaper work in New York when he be
came ill, and hence bis return to this
coast.
Cheap raspberry jam is made with goose
berries and turnips.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
RED MEN ELECT
GREAT CHIEFS,
Braves Who Will Be
Mighty During the Next
Great Sun.
A SUN OF LONG TALKS
Was Completed by a Grand Ball
at the Native Sons*
Hall.
DAUGHTERS OF POCAHONTAS.
Net the Slightest Element of Discord
Present to Dim Their Council
Fire
During all of yesterday's "sun" the Red
Men and the Daughters of Pocabontas
sat around their separate council-fires lis
tening to the eloquent talks of the great
chiefs and deciding what great chiefs
shall rule the destinies of the many Cali
fornia tribes for the next great sun.
At high sun or midday the "long talks"
or reports had been listened to and thence
until the setting of the sun the hunt was
followed, with the end in view of electing
the succeeding zreat chiefs.
The hunt of proceedings was character
ized with great and dignified enthusiasm.
Many speeches were made by representa
tives of the tribes for this brave or for that
accredited with all the qualifications nec
essary for responsible leadership during
the next great sun. '
The result of all the speaking and
ihe solemn-visaged listening and weigh
ing in the balance of savage eloquence was
the election to the high office of great
prophet of A. Jackson of San Francisco.
Josiah Sims of Nevada City was cbosen
as the great sachem; F. A. Whipple of
Fort Bragg, as great senior sagamore;
George W. Collins of Ban Francisco, great
junior sagamore; Charles F. Burgman of
San Francisco, great chief of records;
William J. Smith of San Francisco, great
keeper of wampum.
The following were chosen as great rep
resentatives to the Great Council of the
United States, to be held at Minneapolis
on September 8 of this year: O. F. Leaney
of Auburn (held over from last year), A.
Jackson of San Francisco, George W. Loire
of Redwood City and Fred Brandt of San
Francisco.
The great trustees for the ensuing great
sun are : Hon. Davis Louderback, Henry
A. Chase and William Koirovsky, all of
this City.
To-morrow morning on the relighting
of the council tire the name of the victo
rious team of the adoption degree contest
of Tuesday night will be announced by
the advisory committee. This prize con
sists of 100 fathoms of wampum or $100.
The Daughters of Pocahontas were
laboring during yesterday's sun on the
same business that occupied tbe great
chiefs in tbe opposite wigwam.
During the "rising of the Bun" they
listened to the reading of the "long talks"
of the great chiefs. It was stated in these
"long talks" tnat a new council had been
instituted during the past great sun,«or
year; that of Minnewawa No. 17, at Elm
burst, and that over one hundred pale
faced maidens nad taken upon themselves
all the obligations of the degree of Poca
bontas.
In the setting of the sun or afternoon
the following great chiefs were advanced
or given the following offices : Miss Mabel
Curtis of Oakland, great prophetess; Mrs.
A. C. Klenck of Sacramento, great Poca
hontas; Mrs. G. W. Loire of Redwood
City, great Wenonah: Mrs. Annie Gill of
Sacramento, great keeper of wampum;
Miss Carrie Johnson of San Francisco,
great keeper of records; and Mrs. Louise
Bean of Stockton, great Minnehaha.
The three trustees elected are Mrs. Mary
Cropper of Sacramento, Mrs. Sarah Lutz
of San Francisco and Mrs. Mary Simmons
of Stockton.
Last night at the Native Bons' Hall tbe
Red Men and Daughters of Pocabontas
mingled in a grand ball.
The starlight and glow of the council
fires gave place to the incandescent lamps
and the lonely murmur of the forest trees
to the merry music of conversation.
Great chiefs and chieftesses moved across
the waxed floor until the low sun with
more than savage grace and told of deeds
of prowess done during the last great sun.
To-day the Daughters of Pocahontas will
discuss whether they will have a cnarter
of their own or continue to be subject to
the great sachem as of yore. The great
chiefs will devote the sun to the appoint
ing of committees or select warriors who
will work together in conducting the af
fairs of the tribe?.
Tte ball committee consists of F. J.
Gray, J. Madson and J. Fowzer; floor
committee: F. J. Fuller, floor manager;
J. Madson, assistant floor manager; H. H.
Cole, O. Jacobson, G. Darius, W. T. Fol
lett, P. Belleearde, F. L. Cook, R. Smith,
M. Kramer, J. J. Higgins, B. W. Cameron
and C. L. Skellinger.
To-night at Red Men's Hall on Post
street the grand banquet will be held.
SCENE IN THE PARK.
Daisy E. Dewey Wants Her Divorced
Husband Arrested for Disturb
in g tire Peace. "_
Daisy E. Dewey, 1019 Larkin street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's court
yesterday charging L. H. Cosper with dis
turbing the peace. At one time they stood
in the relation of man and wife, but were
divorced, and she was allowed to resume
her maiden name. Since then Cosper has
been persistently annoying her. and she
has had him arrested on different charges.
Sunday afternoon she went to Golden
Gate Park with her little daughter. They
walked to the children's playgrounds, and
while the little girl was having a ride on
the merrv-eo-round the mother took a
short walk~ When she returned she
missed the child, which had been taken
from the merry-go-round by Cosper. She
ran frantically around in search of the lit
tle girl and finally saw her with Cosper.
Cosper called the mother vile names and
raised a disturbance, but cave up the
child.
The woman is rendered desperate by
Cosper's persecution and wants the courts
to protect her.
NATURALIZATION MADE EASY.
A Danish Sailor Becomes a Citizen
When In the Country Two Months.
Nicholas F. S. Hagen was yesterday ar
rested on a charge of perjury. Hagen is a
Danish sailor, and a few days ago in order
to obtain naturalization papers swore be
lore Judge Daingerneld, that he haa been
in this country for twenty-three years.
He obtained two witnesses— Peter Pierson
of 300 Francisco street and John Peterson
of 10 Washington street — who swore they
had known him five years in this City.
Hagen is said to have paid each of these
witnesses $2 50.
A few days after he had been natural
ized Hagen apDeared before the United
States Steamboat Inspectors to jtet a
pilot's license. He went to the Pilots' and
Masters' Association to have his applica
tion indorsed, when it was discovered that
Hagen only arrived in this country in May
last.
The matter was brought to Judge Dain
gerfield's attention and Hagen's arrest
iollowed.
A rumor to the effect that a number of
cases of fraudulent naturalization bad
been discovered was afloat yesterday
afternoon. Judge Daingerfiela, how
ever, denied that he believed such to be
the case. He said that when the Hagen
matter was brought to his attention he at
once took steps to have him punished, but
that he believed it to be the only one.
The Bloomfleld Cate Submitted.
Attorney Garten concluded his argument
yesterday In the action brought by the Gov
ernment against the North Bloomfield Gravel
Mining Company to restrain the latter from
engaging In hydraulic mining. The case was
then unbmitted to Judee McKenna, who is ex
pected to reach a decision during the present
tarm.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Red Letter Days"
Good Furniture— Prices!
Don't, please don't, class the Furniture we
offer at 44 Red Letter Day prices with the
44 cheap stuff that San Francisco is too full of . j
Prices do seem low for right quality, we j
: know ; but remember 44 Red Letter Days" are
clearing-out seasons with us. We can afford
to lose on many things just to get the room
j they take up.
Five Tea Tables— Brass and Big game!
nTlnrk maybe three dozen Onyx Brass and;
U UOCK different sorts,and )? *X' , Onyx Parlor
Tea a goodly number Cabinets Cabinets-
- are "red tag- take regular price and divide j
.^ . . ged." This by 2, and that's what you j
grtjii&k picture is to have to pay now— %' Red Let-
. ASTr represent the ter Day" sale:
*■ i^Rt^V f lot $125 00 instead of $200
9^jmZA\m> am. '.* '■'■■ $110 00 instead of $220
■g3£«Ss'f71 l vi ;; As tO prices: J92 5 o instead of $iB5
J^^^ji.\- $4 ; buys a Shrewd buyers will know
jCJb'Mj3% j ,' dainty one — enough not to wait.
llaHl'FfV $14 a daintier .. — I — 7- -.'
l*SSf V one ; and all Library Is there a Li-
:mSr\} : the way be- Tables br l ry a ¥? W * Ut
I tween. **"*+>•* tQ c £\\ e & p p lc .
Here's a few turestake up more room than
reductions: we can spare— here are some j
Mahogany Table ...115 00-was $21 00 figures. YOU know how Wei- |
Curly/Birch Table $15 oo— was $20 oo come you are at the store to i
Oak Table $8 00— was $15 00 ] oo : !
; Mahogany Tab1e ........ $10 00— was $14 50 Library Tab i oak . . : . . .-". . . $72 50— was $145 '
Mahogany Table ;....... $14 00— was $2000 Library Table, mahogany. s4o 00— $52
Maple Table 1 . ..... ... • . .$l2 00— was $15 00 Library Table, oak ;. . ; . . . .$2B 00— was $40 '
Curly Birch Table ...... $6 25— was $12 50 Library Table, 0ak. ... . . . $15 00— was $22 j
Saturday is the last 44 Red Letter Day"— and!
the last day is always a busy one; come sooner,
if you can; less crowd — more 4 'quick prices."
i
California
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole CO., ";.■• Carpets,,
%\i- '■:,'■ .'• 1 1 7-1 2 1 Geary Street. . Kings.
PLAYS AND PERFORMERS,
Summary of the Attractions of
the Week on the Local
Stages.
The Season Holds Up Well, With a
Pleasing Variety of Good Music
and Diama.
Channcey Olcott continues to sing
sweetly every evening at the California,
and the drama of "Mavoureen," of which
he is the central figure, has been estab
lished firmly in local favor. The en
thusiasm whicn marked the opening of
the season continues. Next Monday even
ing "The Irisn Artist" will be put on.
"Mavoureen" will continue all this week.
"The Benefit of a Doubt," as presented
by the Empire Theater Company at the
Baldwin, will run all the week, with a
: Saturday matinee. The attendance has
j been good. The play is pleasing and is
I well put on.
The Frohman Company will begin its
' third and last week at the Baldwin next
j Monday evening with "The Masque-
I raders," which filled the Empire Theater
for 200 performances. The management
announces that "The Masqueraders" will
be produced here exactly as it was given
in New York. The stage sittings and
costumes are exceptionally elaberate.
Every evening this week at the Colum
bia Theater "A Gold Mine" will be given,
the cast remaining the same as at the
opening performance. Monday next Au
gustin Daly's "The Great Unknown" will
be the attraction.
At the Tivoli Opera-house, in continu
ance of the season of Italian and English
grand opera, "Pagliacci" will be given
this evening and also Friday and Sunday
evenings. "Faust" will be performed Sat
urday evening. Next week "The Hugue
nots" and "The Bohemian Girl."
James M. Brophy appears every evening
and at the Saturday and Sunday matinees
at Morosco'n Grand Opera-house in ''The
Danites," which successfully retains its
popularity.
"Joe," the boy Sandow. a long bill of
novelties and the scenic railway make up
the attractions of the week at the Chutes
Casino.
The Orpheum holds forth a combina
i tlon for the week, embracing tbe four
Nelson sisters, the South American
acrobats, Drumuiond Staley and Belle
Birbeck, Black Patti, Techow's perform
ing cats and Biondi. This is the last week
j of Lyaia Yeamans-Titus.
FOLEY WAS INSANE.
An Inmate of the Almshouse Tries to
Beat Other Unfortunates.
Denis Foley, who has been an inmate of
the Almshouse for some time cast, created
a scene at that institution yesterday by
suddenly attacking another inmate and
attempting to administer a drubbing.
Foley's victim fought back and a good
sized row was in progress when other in
mates interfered and separated the com
batants, though not before Foley had
made a desperate resistance. He was
taken before the Insanity Commissioners
yesterday afternoon and ordered sent to
the asylum at Ukiah.
A Bay Pirate Arrested.
Wlllism Tully, an Ironworker, 29 years of
age. was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of assault to murder. He was ar
rested on suspicion of being one of the pirates
who boarded the schooner Norma at the foot
of Fourth street Sunday night and were sur
prised by George Ltnderman, the cook, while
rifling the cabin. They took a shot at Linder
man and wounded him in the arm. Linder
man picked him out yesterday morning from
several men in the City Prison.
NEW TODAT-DRT GOODS.
IxltSa specials
• • -^-^ « ■' ■ '*- TC3f TKT? .A. T*
'Jlir" tar jTtL- ELb-cA- JL
SIX DAYS' BARGAIN SALE!
Our Great Forcing-out Sale of BROKEN LINES AND SURPLUS
STOCK begins another day with special offerings of the following
STYLISH AND DESIRABLE GOODS
AT AN ASTONISHING SACRIFICE!
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
; -A-t SO Cents,
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy checks and stripes,
worth 75c, will be closed out at 30c each.
At SO Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in heavy percales, stripes and checks, bishop
sleeves, regular price $1, will be closed out at 50c each. ; \l '.' -:& .
--> ; At 75 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in all fancy shades, bishop sleeves, made of good
percale, regular price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
LACES AND VEILINGS!
jQkjt 2O Cents per "5T«.i-cl-
-1460 yards CREAM, BUTTER AND BLACK CHANTILLY AND APPLIQUE
LACES, 5 and 6 inches wide, regular price 40c and 50c, will be closed out at 20c
per yard. . . , . .
At 2S Cents per TSTax-cl.
DOUBLE AND THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE AND CHENILLETTE
DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regular price will be closed out at 25c per yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES! ,
.A_t SO Cents*
LADIES' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white, with black and self-embroidered backs,
. , regular value $1, will be closed out at 50c a pair.
At S3 Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, colors tan and brown, also black, worth regular
■ $1, will be closed out at 55c a pair.
RIBBONST" "rTbBONS!
KlDuUl>o ! KIDDUno!
-A.t TM Cents.
FANCY RIBBONS, 3 inches wide, assorted colors, value 15c, will be closed out at !}{c.
At 15 Cents.
FANCY RIBBONS, 3 inches wide, all silk, assorted colors, value 25c, will be closed
out at 15c a yard.
MEN'S AND BOYS' OUTING SHIRTS!
At 2S Cents.
55 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS, in light and me-
dium vertical stripes, regular price 50c, will be closed out at 25c each.
JtMfWjr^^ MURPHY BUILDING* /
(/(/ lartot Street, corner of Jiis, /
OAJJ FTLAJN-OXSOO. •
RAILROAD TRAVEI4 '. RAILROAD TRAVEU
miiiS&^^ sTfTaND PORTLAND EX-
v CIFIC RAILWAY CO. A CURSION TRAIN. &,
tlrlt illlLHAl W. AUG 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, 31,
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St. _ An^ o l™* P ™ * ' %* Thereafter, oi
* Leave from a P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, foot ol
San Francisco to San Rafael. Market St., at 8:00 p. v.
— — CllCPlfll i 01 (1 including Berth.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O,: 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:35, OrtulML f Will Tourist Sleeper.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip i nnTE*O ( nil) F"™-class, including
at 11:30 p.m. -Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 till IrN ' Ala Berth, standard
and 11:30 p. it. » . ■ " - w; ' w Sleeper.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 ft For further Information apply at 613 Market
;. 6:00, 6:20 P. M. ... j street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
San Rafael to San Francisco. RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
WEEK DA YS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. m.- \ Pen. Traiflc Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
12:45,3:40,5:10 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1 :55 P. M. and 6:35 P. M. Lj«aiwii,»..iij g|
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9: Jo, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40, I ■OUTMBRH PACIFIC (OJIPAM.
. 6:00, 6:26 p. m. . • (pacific hsstum.) .
i Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama ! Trwla* leave nn<l are ilno to nrrlve ■•
schedule as above. : -■' san llt am n. . ;
San Francisco. I j. "*£*»' I San Arrive ikatb - Fkom Juxk 7. 189 C — ariiivi
San Francisco, i vlzS^ I San Francisco. ueatk - Fi:om Juxk 7. 189& — Annin
! 1896* — ' '«O:OOa. Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... " 8:43 a
' • Week I Sun- ;]■».,, ..iVioi, Sun- I w *« 7sOOa Atlantic Express, Ogilcn and Kant.. *-4.1»
j Days. ! days. | """"»"""■ t PAY B. : I Days. 7:00 a Beuicia, Vacavilie, Kumaey. Sacr^
I 7730 am 7:30 am; Novalo. |10:40 ami 8:40 am I mento. OroTiUe and Bedding vi. _
| 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, i 0:05 pm 10:10 am -./»«. —W -•:■••.••« V V^i?'.. Ol * ap
I 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa-j 7:30 pm, 6:15 pm 7M **^!ti^%%*™^; 6:15,
Fulton, ' SsSIOa Niles, ■ .Sau Jaw, Stockton, lone,
i 7:30 am I Windsor, 10:10 All Sacramento, Marynvillo and l!e.*
Healdsbur?, BfatC 4tl.iii
I Geyservllle, *8:30 a Peters and Milton *7tlsp
3:30 pm 7:30 am! Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm »:««a Los Angeles Express, Fresno. Santa
; ; — ■ • Barbara and Lob Angeles 4i45*
_ on „ , *. ' n in «:OO a Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a,
7:30 am Hoplaud & , 10:10 am 9:OOa Vallajo 0:13i-
-3:30pm 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 PM 6:16 pm 1:OOp Ban Jose and Liveruore 8:15 a
7-SOam 1 i 10 10 tit •l:OOp Sacramento rtiver Steiimcrs •O:OOp
7-ooa mG uernevlUe 7:3opm lu-A " Ail tI:3«P Port Costa and Way Stations........ t7t4»r
3-SO Guernevme. , .dO pm (M-, _ <:OUi' Martinez, Han Uamoii, Vallejo.
. 3 ?°. PM . ! : : 6£SPH Napa <7allsV»«a. ki verano laid
7:3oam 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am . Santa Ilosa OilSa
and «i««p Bsnicia, -i VacvrlUe, . Woodland,
5.10 pm 6:00 PM! Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:15 pm! Kuiglit.a Landing. Marysrill^
_ „., 1- .... ; MffT'in —^VTTTn — — Orofillo and Sacramento... 10:45*
SlgSiSiSSi *""»»■• rS&S";^ .* jM ' Ni s Toc^..^.. L !:?™?"-. B . B( ! 7,15,
Stajr^s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West 4j3#p Merced, Bcrenda Raymond (for _. --
Spring; a» Geyservllle for Skasgs Springs; at j -,^-»2^tts r^.ro^ K?«no Bak'eVi
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland 8l "*' w ? r , Orl « !Vn * '',V )r ,f; 8 ; ' i « A ntelSt -.
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and i.akepo«; at j ' SS^i. „ fTi'So Ve«Orli»Xi3[
' Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Spring*: at. I ftendni;. Ell aso. New Orleans and
j Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue j _- _ » r'o\Ue''MYauuV"iixDresi
I Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe. I'omo, Potter • ■ t#Op ?'' »Tnik»« ami East LXVTe " i Ci l5 A
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck- Bri io.v.iw "" 11:43 a"
.nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hull ville, Booneville, S.oop Fureneaii Ma'V'oiileV. andlJasV Oi4sa
Greenwood, Onfs Hot Springs. Mendocino City, J JJJJ , jj '" "£* ! '^j ', tml Han sose?. .'. . . 7:45*
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, Willets. fahto, Co- i?;SJ». vXo ."...... ♦T^Sp
velo. Laytonville. H urrls, Scotia and Kureka VjOOp Oregon liipVeM', ilarrainento, Marys-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced rifle. Ke'l.litiH, Portland, i'llgct
3«55»S ts t0 ■" polnts b " ■ Soniid ami I'.ast ....! 10:45 a
j&'&TsxsrFssrssr to ■" Polnt8 b " - MmMMvi^i^^r
H.C. WHITING, ■„» p".2i^if' «HsANi«rark.Cei.ter»ille.Ka..Jose.Felton, ;
■ :■-.. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
; ™ 8utt0n5........ Ois«r
" *SilBf Newark, Ce'ilervillc, Sau Jose. New
. ■ '■_ •'- • ; •■■ • # Almaden, Felton, Bowlder Creek,
■ ■ -.''A 4- 1 *-» fITI/»" :/ jrAhm^w Ranta Crnz and Principal Way
/YlliinilC <^WL"IJL*»»^ Stations «11«20a
. , trf ' |«t!sr Newark. San .l.ma and l.on <atog.... f 9«504
w-k •*• 3tP»-j^^^ COAST DIVISION Criilnl A Townsenil Stw.)
Pjirlfir Jptg&SE&SK # «:45a «an ,>ose ami Way Stations (New
ratlllv Alrasden Wedne»daysonly) 9:474
„.,, -.,, *'a»st9i?»^4s*£<li ' 17:3»* Sunday Excursion for San Jowl
- RAILROAD mK^fXSißfnf'lK' * . Bar!U Cruz, Pacific Groye, ana
Trains leave and arrive <"|Bz3MK£SM Principal Way Stations... tBi»3r
Market-Street Ferry. W&iT^cp^SK^S »tll»ABan .lose, Tres Pinos, Kanta Cruz,
■K'^Hi § s'acillo Grove, Paso Robles, Sas
! <!I\TI VV r'YPRFSS SS^l^^tßm f.uis<>Wspo, Guadalupe and Prin-
O.iillil IVi tArftr.iJ^. Tgg^t^T'jjflrW *ipal Way Station* 7r0.1p
To Chicago via A. & i■ . €&SaS m 1»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3op
Direct Line *<omi!md& :S **&& IO:IOa «an Jo-- =ad Way Stations O:O(»p
! Leaves every day at sp. m., carryiuu luliniM i li'??. A Palo Alto an<l Way Stations.. .... 3iBor
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also .Modern Up. ! *«:3«»' San Mateo, Menlo Park, Saa Jos*
i bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen Gijroy. Tres Pinos, banta Grn* «..<..
and bedding and in charge of a porter, run daily ! 5,_ ... _ B^nnMoat« ,».. l irac*( J ro» Uoi4©a
; through !• Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars S •■«*•* San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
i "pe^afirco^S- Boston Excursions .1. ! l^^l^sSJ^ESiii 5S
Kansas Cliy, Chlca«o. Montreal and . the White s«* | p «a« -Toae »n.l Principal \ Vay Stations ».4«a
Moui.tHlns leave every Wednesday. «:««r g»" Jose ami Way Stationst ations
i The best railway from CallfornU to tb* East. Hl:43p San Jose an.l W*v Stations ■f7t4.tp
New rails, new lies; no dust; interesting scenery; - - NAN IiLAX»HO AS» IIAHVABbS LOCAL.
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. > "««-oOa 1 ~" — ~ " ( 7:15 a
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street, '•' 8:0Oa \ c»:43a
, . Chronicle Building. | »:OOa I n-ip... « ! «rT P»rk ' ?? S l3*
Telephon. M.I. 1531. " »O.OOa . Melr.se, Be«lii»ry «x, 1I:I5a
— — — — — ,ii:o«a ntchb»rf,S«Le«Bdro \t\ll
8:00p « d ''•' » : is*
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD S *"„*.. |i|
(Via S.ugallto Ferry). *'™ p *'**£
ftom San Francisco, commencing Jane 15, 189& o-oXp ' 9?43p
; WKKKDAYa otoop < Rons through to NBe». 10-50r
F^^5 m XoTIT y iwV^ n H?. af *W-o- 7 3 : ?.? d 7-S Mll'rlgp; > From Niles. ■■--"■■■ I*l2*o,
6.16, *6:ou. 6:35 p. it. .*'.*"'■ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
E^.- P d BSirur^8 S irur^y S i arri I :^p M I ndayB ' W<dW «-»« »«J %-'s«»* *.{%* M
BUNDAYS. *7:16 S.OO 11:0Ca.m. 11:00 '3:00 IJ:CI
For Mill Valley and San Bafael-*8 00, *9:oa •'.'•i£Q 13:00 *6:00 p.M. -
•10:00, 11:30 a. m.;*»1«:8u. •1:30. •4:00, From OlEl!l&-Foot tt Broad »»y,— *«:00 8:00
6:45, 8:30 p. m. ! Kxtra trip to Uauiatltoat 10:00 a.m. JI2:CO *1:00 -: J2:00 »3:00 ' ti:D(
*11 :00 A. M. ■ - U ' ' •'" . ■ . * <!>.Qol> «■-■-.'■*-■■' '■■ "'
Trains marked •< run to San Qnentln. ••12:30 — " UM ■ ■ ' ■ - . ' ' — ". . ■■
*. v. does not run to Mill Vaii«r. ■ • a for Kerning. :. P for Afternoon.
| , THROUGH TRAINS. :_>;. - ; • Sundays exempted. . . t Saturdays only,
For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo a. M. ■ - ; •. • . J Sundays only.
j Batnrdayt; 9 a. M. Sundays; 8:16 p. m. weekdays. ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights onl*
" - For I Point ■ Reyes, Cazaxiero and way stations— § Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
;PU a. m. Sundays. 1;4& p. %. W g«ifrtnT». ___ I .1 Bundaya aad Uonaais from Santa Crua.
f
910
CALIFORNIA POPULISTS FOR TOM WATSON,
Sewall Is Rejected Unani
mously by the State
Committee.
NOT OF THEIR KIND OF
PEOPLE.
Bryan and Watson Would Be
the Stronger Ticket in
the Field
DEMOCRATS INVITED TO FUSE
FOR VICTORY.
A Committee Appointed to Meet a
Similar Committee for Confer
ence as to a Concerted
Plan of Action.
The executive committee of the State
Committee of the People's party remained
in secret session all of yesterday discuss
ing plans for the management of the
party's interest during the coming earn
ing 11 - T. V. Cator, Populist nominee for
United States Senator, was present during
the whole of the session, and assisted the
committee very materially with his advice.
The committee will resume its session
to-day and will adjourn some time in the
afternoon. At a late hour yesterday after
noon the following address was ordered
issued to the People's party of California:
The executive committee of the State Com
mittee of the People's party of California, as
sembled at Sau Francisco this sth day of
August, 1896, deem it proper to issue an ad
dress to the members of the People's party in
Calilornia relative to the action of our Na
tional Convention.
We have heard the statements of several of
ihe delegates from ihis State to said National
Convention; we believe that the delegates of
our party who were upon the ground were
better able to determine the exact situation
than the members of our party not present,
and that the full and exact situation which
our delegates were called upon to face has not
been fully presented to the members of our
party by any reports thereof.
It is beyond question that our National Con
vention met under most unusual circumstances
and under conditions wholly unexpected at
the time of the holding of our State conven
tion, May 12, 1896, and we entertain no doubt
that the motive actuating the delegates in the
National Convention, both those who favored
the nomination of Mr. Bryan and those who
favored Mr. Norton, were sincere in a desire to
do that which in their respective judgments
was for the best interest of our principles and
party in the present situation.
It appears that, upon a conference and com
parison of views by the delegates at the Na
tional Convention, a large majority of the del
egates were satisfied that the nomination of
Mr. Bryan was the duty of the hour, and that
a majority of the convention believed that our
principles would l>e further advanced in fact,
and our doctrine further extended in the
minds and hearts of the masses during this
campaign, by co-operating with, rather than
opposing, those democrats and silver men who
had determined to unite to elect Mr. Bryan.
The question of preserving our party was not
overlooked, but the question of extending our
principles among millions of men with
whom we were to be at least temporary
co-operators was considered as a means
of building ut> our party, for it is not
to be doubted that a party is strength
ened if its principles receive a wide and favor
able hearing, and it was believed that our
Srinciples would receive a wide and favorable
earing if we were co-operating in this cam
paign with those opposing the organized and
concentrated gold power, and that in the pres
ent state of feeling of the masses we should re
ceive far less of a hearing and also be much
misunderstood if we refused to co-operate in
electing Mr. Bryan in an endeavor to obtain
immediate legislative relief.
An examination of the attitude of the gold
press and other plutocratic forces shows that
they have treated the Chicago platform and
the nomination of Mr. Bryan as a Populist pro
ceeding, and the constant position of the gold
power is that the Democracy at Chicago
yielded entirely to Populism. While this is
hot wholly true, yet we find that many radical
journals like the Appeal to Reason, the Twen
tieth Century and the Arena treat the Chicago
platform and nominations as a decided Popu
list victory, and give an unqualified support to
Mr. Bryan. These views of reform journals of
advanced thought coincide with the views of
the gold press as to the real nature of the Chi
cago convention, and add force to the declara
tions that it was a victory for Populist prin
ciples.
It is beyond question that our convention
was almost a unit in its determination not to
accept the Democratic candidate for Vice-
President as our nominee. Mr. Sewall, in our
judgment, was a misfit as a candidate upon
the Chicago platform. The Chicago conven
tion undertook by its expulsion of the gold
ring and its nomination of Mr. Bryan, whose
sincerity seems to be established, to satisfy the
country that the record of the Democratic
r-arty for breaking platform pledges was ended,
and that hereafter it meant what it said.
The selection of Mr. Sewall does not aid this
purpose. H6 is president of a National bank
and has been largely connected with corpora
tions. Is a National banker a consistent can
didate upon the Chicago platform, which de
clares for abolishing the issue of National
bank notesT
It is said by some that Mr. Sewall may be as
thoroughly In favor of this policy as any one.
If ihis may be so the masses, so often deceived
by political Drofessions, cannot be expected to
believe it.' Men are not usually opposed to
their own business or their own interests; the
public cannot be expected to believe that they
are.
If Mr. Bryan were a National banker no one
can doubt that he would be unable to convince
the public that he was the man for this time
and for the platform; ought not Mr. Sewall to
come up to the same standard and require
ments as Mr. Bryan ? Our convention thought
so, and we believe that the great mass of
voters who are asked to elect the Chicago
ticket think so. Our convention wisely de
clined to accept Mr. Sewall and selected a man
who is a consistent mate for Mr. Bryan, and
also chose as a National Committee a body
which is absolutely loyal to Mr. Watson and in
which every Populist may repose full confi
dence in the great contest to be waged in this
campaign.
In view of the conditions our convention
faced, we deem it our duty to, and we do,
ratify and approve the action of our National
Convention. From the course of the conven
tion It is evident that its purpose was to favor
united action between the People's party and
other reform forces in the several States to
secure all the electors of such States for Mr
Bryan upon such terms as may be honorable
and just to such reform forces.
In the State of California investigation
shows that Mr. Sewall is objected to by the
multitude outside the People's party, and the
ticket of Bryan and Watson is unquestionably
stronger than Bryan and Sewall.
We deem it prudent to await further develop
ments before any definite details in such a
matter are approached for final settlement
bat in order to evince our earnestness and
good faith to secure the electoral vote of this
State for Mr. Bryan we declare that if our
party shall receive honorable and active co
operation in State and Nation from the Demo
cratic party and find a spirit of fairness and
justice in that organization then we will favor
an honorable union to defeat the ticket of
Wall street and organized plutocracy from ob
taining the electoral vote of California.
We do suggest that members of our party be
not unduly influenced by statements from
such press dispatches bearing upon the rela
tion of reform forces as are evidently antago
nistic to a union against the plutocratic ticket.
These reports come from sources hostile to the
best interests of the industrial masses.
Feeling that we have done our duty and
responded to the patriotic call of freemen we
submit the foregoing to the careful considera
tion of our constituency. In the meantime
our organization, commanding the respect and
confidence of our party, will hold aloft the
broad principles enunciated in the platform
adopted at St. Louis July 22, 1896, aud main
tain its integrity.
Douglass T. Fowler M. E. Ditt
mar (secretary), Burdette Cornell, Thomas V.
Cator, H. A. Mason, committee on address.
Adoped by the executive committee of the
State Central Committee of the People's party
of California this sth day of August, 1896.
J. E. Camp, J. M. Moore, George D. Gillespie,
C. H. Castle, Carleton H. Johnson, F. Hough
ton, M. E. Dittmar, R. E. Bush, John S. Dore-
E. M. Wardall, A. B. Kinne, H. A. Mason, mem
bers of said executive committee.
K. E. Bush, secretary.
T. V. Cator introduced the following
resolution, which was unanimously
adopted :
Resolved, That a committee of seven be ap
pointed by the chair, of whom the chair shall
be one, which committee may be, in part, se
lected from members of the party outside of
the executive committee, authorized to confer
with the Democratic party and silver organi
zation, if such organizations, or either of them,
shall, by committee or otherwise, request such
conference, upon the subject of co-operation
upon the election of the Presidential electors,
Congressmen and Legislature in this Slate in
November next, such committee not to have
the power to conclude any arrangements upon
said subject until the same is reported and
ratified by the executive committee or the
State Committee of the People's party, if it
shall be deemed necessary to call the entire
State Committee, but this resolution is not to
delay nominations by the People's party in the
various districts of the State.
It was stated, incidentally, during the
discussion that the Democrats had al
ready appointed a committee for the pur
pose of conference. Mr. Cator said yester
day that no basis of compromise had been
agreed upon. The committees would meet
and when the Democratic committee made
Known its desire the matter would be re
ported back to the Populist State Central
Committee for action.
George W. Monteith, it is reported, will
challenge his opponent, Judge Barham, to
a joint discussion of the financial ques
tion. When Mr. Monteitn was asked yes
terday as to his opinion on the question of
union or fusion he submitted the follow
ing signed reply to The Call:
I am in favor of a union of the anti-monopoly
forces against the $10,000,000 corruption
fund syndicate that seeks under the guise of
Republicanism to overwhelm and destroy the
small amount of liberty we have left.
The Populist party, in my judgment, is fully
able to take care of itself and declare its policy
without the aid of suggestions from goldbug
newspapers and unawed by the deceptive
headlines that draw attention to false press
dispatches in monopoly-owned organs.
The present crisis is simply bringing the
monopolies face to face with the fact that
their diabolical rule must end.
Corrupt politics may succeed when the peo
ple are asleep, but when once awake the
presence of $10,000,000 corruption funds
simply emphasizes the necessity for concen
tric, effective and united action of all the
anti-monopoly forces against the common op
pressor. Geokgk W. Montieth.
THE POLYTECHNIC HIGH,
It Is a Unique, Useful and Popu
lar School for Boys
and Girls.
Progress of Its Manual Training De
partment — This Year's Big
Enrollment.
The Polytechnic High School is as
unique as it is useful. In no other public
school in the department can students get
the benefit of manual training and com
mercial courses. The aim of the Polytech
nic is to prepare its graduates for active
life. Every Wednesday afternoon it is
visited by a " class of primary and gram
mar school principals, who take off their
coats, roll up their sleeves and receive me
chanical instruction in the shops so they
may be enabled to teach the principles of
manual training intelligently to their own
pupils.
The commercial course comprises Eng
lish, commercial geography and United
States history. There is a debating soci
ety in the first year and good-government
clubs are a feature of the second and third
years. Bookkeeping, shorthand and type
writing are practically taught, also Span
ish. Great stress is laid upon rapid addi
tion, algebra and practical geometry.
History is taught philosophically. Stu
dents acquire deftness in shorthand and
typewriting and a useful knowledge of the
laws of the City and State.
In the manual-training course students
take science, physics or chemistry instead
of history, and German is substituted for
Spanish. Mathematics is more advanced;
solid and spherical geometry and trigo
nometry, with its applications, being
added to the plane geometry, algebra and
business arithmetic of the commercial
course. In physics the boys and girls
study the theory of mechanics in the
drawing-rooms and the practical applica
tion in" the shops. Carpentry is studied
in the first year and the work of the
blacksmith shop and the machine shop is
begun in the second year.
Half of the time is given to manual
training. WThe laboratories and shoos, lo
cated in the brick annex, are well equipped
with all the requisite apparatus, tools and
machinery. Trie cost of maintaining this
most useful department does not exceed,
including the salaries of F. A. Gardner
and Miss Van VlecK, who teaches the girls
clay modeling and wood carving, $3500 a
year. Some 200 boys and girls are now
taking the manual training course, which
is rapidly growing in popularity. Princi
pal Walter N. Bush says that additional
assistants will soon be needed in the shops.
The commercial department of the school
is not so extensively patronized as it .used
to De for the reason that the demand for
stenographers and typewriters in less than
it was in former years.
The new term opens with an enrollment
of 500 students— 2so boys and 250 girls.
The juniors numoer 275, the middles 175
and the seniors 50. With the following
able faculty the Polytechnic easily re
ta ins its place on the accredited list of the
University of California :
Walter N. Bush, A. 8., principal.
C. H. Ham, A. M., bead of English depart
ment.
R. H. Webster, A. M., bead of mathematical
department.
C. L. Turner, teacher of mathematics.
C. H. Murphy, head of history and political
science department.
F. A. Gardner, B. SSt. t head of manual training
department.
Mrs. £. P. Bradley, teacher of free-hand
drawing.
A. H. Cooke, A. 8., teacher of science.
Mrs. N. T. Conway, teacher of stenography.
Miss Bessie T. Durkee, assistant in bookkeep
ing.
Pedro Espina, teacher of penmanship.
Miss K. C. Fay, first assistant in book
keeping.
Miss Ida F. Garbarino, teacher of type
writing.
Mrs. 8. W. McPherson, asaiutant in history.
Miss Florence Prag, B. L., assistant In Eng
lish.
Miss H. E. Rademaker, second assistant in
bookkeeping.
Miss Leila Richards, teacher of stenography.
Mios M. (.t. Salcido, teacher of Spanish.
Miss M. Van Vleck, M. I. A., teacher of clay
modeling and wood-carving.
Miss Lillie M. White, assistant in bookkeep-
THE CHARTER MOVEMENT-
A Large Gathering Promised for Next
Wednesday's Convention.
Encouraging letters are daily received at
the offices of the Merchants' Association,
showing a thorough and general interest
in the new charter. The Board of Trade
of San Francisco has appointed T. J. Par
sons and S. Nickelsburg as the two dele
gates of the board to the charter conven
tion to be held on August 12. The Fire
Underwriters have appointed Charles A.
Laton and Isador Gutte as the two dele
gates from that body to the convention.
Ihe Associated Charities have appointed
Captain Oliver Eldridge ana S. W. Levy
as their two delegates.
The British Benevolent Association has
appointed Percy Beamish and W. H. Ful
ler as its two delegates. The Musicians'
Mutual Protective Union has appointed
Harry Stockton and C. C. rienke as its two
delegates. The San Francisco Boys' Club
has appointed Dr. Philip K. Brown and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
Sidney S. Peixotto as its two delegates
to the charter convention.
All thnse delegates are in addition to
the many others that have already been
announced. Other associations have sent
communications to the Merchants' Asso
ciation, announcing that they will shortly
mase the appointment of their delegates
to the charter convention.
— ; • — ♦ — «
CARRIERS WILL EXPLAIN
The Postmaster- General Gives IiOOMI
Postmen a Gentle Raking Over
the Coals.
Yesterday morning's mail brought from
the Postmaster-General a baker's dozen
letters, addressed to as many carriers, ask
ing an explanation of certain acts con
trary to certain rules of the service.
This unexpected outpouring of depart
ment wrath is attributed to the visit of a
number of Government agents to this City
last month, whose special business it was
to look to the shortcomings of the carriers.
It was several days before the men knew
they were being watched, and in the
meantime the secret agents managed to
get in their work. The present charges
are all of a simple character and will prob
ably not result in the removal of any of
the men interested.
For instance, one carrier is asked to ex
plain why, after finishing his route, he did
not report back to the office instead of
stopping at a restaurant and regaling him
self with a cup of coffee and then not ac
counting for the moments consumed on
his time card. Other carriers are asked to
tell why they required an hour or two
hours in delivering letters in certain build
ings when half the time consumed would
have been sufficient-
The recipients of these gentle reminders
of an all-official eye refuse to discuss the
matter in any way except to say that they
are confident of being able to explain to
the Postmaster-General that no . very
flagrant breach of duty has been com
mitted.
• — ♦ — •
SEEK TO BE RELEASED.
Bondsmen of Charles Reade, AHm Dr.
Fox, Appeal to the District
Court.
The case of the Government against
Charles Reade, alias Dr. Fox, charged with
sending obscene matter through the mails,
and who, it may be remarked, is officially
dead, according to Judge Coffey, came up
for hearing in tne United States District
Court yesterday, on motion of the bonds
men asking to be released. The court
neld that it devolved on the defense to
produce proof of death, the case being
continued until next Wednesday
Reade, or Fox, as he is best known, was
arrested Dy Posloffice Inspector Thrall
charged with sending obscene matter
through the m ails. He was immediately
released on $3000 bonds.
Some time after this Reade, accom
panied by , his wife, went fishing off
Pigeon Point. The wife returned to the
City with the statement that her husband
had fallen into the sea and had drowned
before aid could reach him. His body
was never recovered. Incidentally it was
given out that Reade had committed sui
cide, though this theory was not generally
accepted.
The will of the deceased was offered for
probate, the family convincing Judge Cof
fey that Reade was dead. The Federal
authorities, however, refused to dismiss
the action, hence the appeal of the bonds
men, as already recited, to be released. It
is generally thought that the bondsmen
will be released, but the action against
Reade will not be dismissed— at least not
until all doubt has been removed from the
mind of the District Attorney. "
ADJUDGED INSANE.
Blrt, Annie Mitchell Sent to the Xapa
Asylum.
Mrs. Annie Mitchell was adjudged in
sane by the Insanity Commissioners yes
terday morning and was sent to the insane
asylum at Xapa yesterday afternoon.
She is the woman who tied her five-year
old son to her with a hayrope on Green
street wharf Tuesday afternoon and
jumped into the bay. The case of cruelty
to animals in cutting a horse on the neck
with a razor on Eighth street during the
bicycle parade, which is now pending
against her, was, at the request of the
prosecution, dismissed and Secretary
FranK Kane of the Pacific Coast Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
swore to the complaint charging her with
insanity.
The boy is being cared for by his grand
mother, Mrs. Sullivan, 321 Hickory avenue.
FOURTH OF JULY SURPLUS
Captain John Tuttle Recommends
That It Be Donated to the
Memorial-Day Fund.
His Reasons Why Decoration Day
Should Be Kept Sacred by the
American People.
At the last meeting of the executive
committee of the Fourth of July commit
tee it found there was a surplus of $500 in
the hands of the treasurer.
To what use this sum should be applied
seemed to puzzle the members of the ex
ecutive committee, and, finding that no
suitable object presented itself on that oc
casion, the further consideration of its
disposal was continued until the next
meeting. Since then, however, Captain
John Tuttle, vice-commander of George
H. Thomas Post of the Grand Army of
the Republic, and also a member of the
Fourth of July committee, has found
what to him would seem a proper place
to which this $500 could be applied.
He says: "When the Fourth of July
executive committee at its last meeting
stated that a surplus of $500 still re
mained with the treasurer a question arose
as to what to do with the money. Since
then Ihave become fully convinced that
one thing could be done that would re
flect credit on the committee and meet
with the approval of those who contrib
uted it, viz.: donating it to a fund to be
known as the "Memorial-day fund."
"We all know that Memorial day is a
day generally observed, and that thei
various posts in the City bear all the ex
penses of the day. i
"There are at the pVesent time 1500 old
soldiers out of employment in tnis City.
"The various charitable organizations
have all been gladdened by legacies, bene
fits and so forth, yet the old soldiers, who
deserve the kindly remembrance of us all,
have remained unremembered. Would it
not be a magnanimous deed and a kindly
act for the Fourth of July executive com
mittee to vote unanimously that the great
companion day of American liberty be
remembered also? Truly it seems as if
the suggestion should find a* ready re
sponse in every loyal heart in San Fran
cisco.
'•The two days are closely allied and
both are National in their character. One
commemorates the birth of our country,
the other its salvation from disunion, and
the observance of both teaches us lessons
of patriotism of priceless value to the
youth of our land. The division of the sur
plus to the posts per capita would be a great
charity and one well deserved."
Ellen M. Whitely's Will.
The will of Ellen M. Whitely was yesterday
filed for probate. She left property valued at
over $10,000 to be divided equally between
her daughter, Caroline W. Baker, and her son,
Henry M. Whitely, who is named as executor
of the will.
SILVERITES AND A
STATE MACHINE,
The American Bimetallic
Party to Organize
• in California
JUST TO HELP BRYAN.
It Will Simply Indorse the
Democracy ai\d Help Along
Its Cause.
BOSSED BY BAKER AND LANE
The Wealthy Miner Will Soon Ap
point State and County
Party Committees.
The American Bimetallic party is to
have a more or less complete party ma
chine in California, and it is going to con
duct an independent State campoign that
will be simply one of indorsement in the
interest of Bryan and Sewall and in the
interest of Congressional candidates which
it may decide upon.
This and some other things were told
yesterday by George W. Baker, State chair
man of the inchoate organization, who
may be expected to become chairman of
the State Central Committee when it is
organized.
The process of party organization is to
begin very soon after the arrival from the
___________________ ~~-~~*~~^~~~L*!!*!!*LJ?Ss^^
jfcs The New Way I
I pLJjjrl and the ° ld |
i THE NEW WAY. THE OLD WAY. 1
\>}' : 300 pairs a day. < Three pairs a day. ' -g«
: Ten years ago the best shoes were hand-sewed, and cost you from $7 to $1 5 a pair. 3
: To-day the best— better than hand-sewed then or now— are 3
:'■'■• Goodyear Welt Shoes, 3
i t and cost you from $3.^0 to $7 a pair.
= ' Better shoes for half the money : two pairs for one. The wonderful Goodyear if
;- Machines have done this. [ : if-
i ; . We may all wear Goodyear Welt Shoes. All kinds are made, all styles— both 3
■; ; sexes and all ages. All dealers sell them.
I BUT BEAR IN MIND I
: 3
[| That Goodyear Welts are LEATHER Shoes, not Rubber. fl
; That Goodyear Welts are made like hand-sewed, but stronger. 3:
That many merchants sell them for hand-sewed shoes.
That others sell them for what they are.
I . if
;.-.. Among the merchants in San Francisco who sell Goodyear Welt Shoes for what %
I they are, we are permitted to name: i|
" y^fthVtX KAST & CO., 738 74 ° Market Street '* W ' H ' ° LAN &CO 10-12 Sutter Street. r\\T^^ 3
: /^OV^^^S; "I*- FRANK KOENIG > 122 Kearny Street ROSENTHAL BROS. CO., /ZO 0 D 4^\
iI T R aTf%A R-A M miller & C °" 2149 Mission Street ; . m7.iiVif M mv street Itd —• ;•."■* dv \ 1
XI T « A£E,MA RK J J - C ' NOLAN & CO., 54r Market Street. J. B. RusselL) 704-706' Market Street ■ ry R AW.MA RK 7 3
= \W £ \J\ j/ FAMILY SHOE FACTORY, : EDWARD I. SHEEHAN, 360 Third Street \ Vrit V 3
- . ,^>-«^-^ .; 1524-1526 Market Street SAN FRANCISCO SHOE STORE. - L V i^>^ . 3
I - GOODYEAR SHOE MACHINERY COMPANY BOSTON. *
! ' 3
East to-morrow of Charles D. Lane, the
wealthy miner whose offer of palace-car
accommodations was refused by the Colo
rado delegation, who cut a large figure at
the St. Louis convention, and who is now
the California member of the National
Committee of the Silver party
Mr Baker gave much of his time yester
day to the cause of silver and to the silver
men who called at his law office m the
Mills building. The silver party is de
signed as a sort of non-partisan receptacle
for Republicans and others who might
find it hard to vote for W. J. Bryan from
the inside of the Democratic party. The
American Bimetallic party will put up no
independent ticket in this State. It will
be supposed to offer a bypath to votes for
Bryan and Sewall, and it will in effect be
a branch of the Democratic State machine.
Mr. Baker, Mr. Lane, Frank J. Moffittand
others of the organization are hot for
Bryan. ...
The proposed organization is to be
wholly an appointed one, and it will be
thoroughly bossed an^ controlled by
Messrs. Baker and Lane, who are gener
ally credited with having an eye on the
good things that may be distributed in the
remote event of Bryan's election.
•'We will take up the work of organiza
tion as soon as Mr. Lane gets bacK," said
Mr. Baker yesterday. "We will organize
a State Central Committee composed of
one representative from each county or
Senatorial district in the State. This will
make the committee number about forty.
In San Francisco there will be one mem
ber for each Senatorial district. The ap
pointments will be made by Mr. Lane.
"We purpose to organize a county com
mittee iri San Francisco composed of one
member from each of the eighteen Assem
bly districts, and county committees will
be formed in other counties.
"Then we will go to organizing clubs
which will take in everybody who is in
favor of Bryan and Sewall. We do not
expect to take any part in the municipal
campaign, but we will indorse candidates
for Congress and for members of the Leg
islature."
According to Mr. Baker the American
Bimetallic party will keep sets of its own
speakers in the field, and C. A. Towne of
Minnesota, Senator Jones and Frank G.
Newlands of Nevada are among the speak
ers expected to help stump the State.
George W. Baker will speak often, and
Attorney M. A. Hurley is among the
local speakers who are to go forth in the
cause. Campaign literature, to be sup
plied by the National Committee, will be
distributed as liberally as it is supplied,
and all around the American Bimetallic
party will chip in its share toward making
the campaign lively.
SEPARATION DROVE
HIM TO SUICIDE.
Alfred J. Bretonnel Shoots
Himself at His Wife's
Home.
DONE IN DESPONDENCY.
His Wife Refuses to State the
Cause of Their Living
Apart
GRIEF OF THE MAN'S MOTHER.
After Fondling His Four-Year-Old
Boy Bretonnel Sought Another
Room to Die.
Alfred J. Bretonnel, aged 35, a jeweler
by trade, committed suicide at the home
of his wife, 3525 Nineteenth street, yester
day morning. The weapon used was a
small 22-caliber revolver, and only one
shot was fired, which passed through the
head.
'Bretonnel separated from his wife about
six or seven weeks ago and since that
time has been living with his mother
at 1023J4 Sutter street. The cause of the
trouble cannot be learned, as Mrs. Breton
nel positively refused to make any state
ment in the case. No steps had been
taken on either side to secure a divorce, as
both were Catholics.
Bretonnel called every morning to see
his baby boy, 4 years old. When he called
yesterday morning, his wife says, he
kissed the little fellow as usual, and after
fondling him for a few minutes he kissed
the boy very passionately and set him
down upon the floor and then disappeared
into another room.
It was only a short time till his wife
heard the shot, and rushing in the direc
tion of the sound saw him lying prostrate
with the blood welling from a wound in
the head. The revolver by his side was a
mute witness of the affair.
Dr. Philip F. C. Biehl, living next door,
was immediately summoned, but when ha
arrived Bretonnel was past all human aid.
Bretonnel bad remained out of woik so
long that he was forced to hunt for a posi
tion in some other line, and became a con
ductor on the Hyde-street line. The posi
tio:« was not very lucrative, as he worked
only as an extraman. But snch as it was
he lost it in a short time by being dis
charged.
The Coroner was notified shortly after
the shooting and the body was moved to
the Morgue. It was not till then that his
mother learned of the suicide. The poor
woman was completely prostrated by the
news.
He had left home in the morning, his
brother and two sisters say, In a brie lit
and cheerful mood. No word or action on
his part led them to expect the catas
trophe. The belief is that he must have
made an ineffectual attempt at reconcil
iation with his wife, to whom he was de
votedly attached, and failing in this com*
mitted suicide in a fit of despondency.
The dead man was a native of California
and aged 35 years.
BENT TO THE ASYLUMS.
•Judge Sanderson Committed Six Un
fortunates Yesterday.
Judge Sanderson had quite a batch of
candidates for commitment to the asy
lums before him yesterday. Eli/.a
Stead, an aged Englishwoman, was the
first case heard. Sne believes she lives in
a barn and that she needs no clothing.
She was sent to Stockton.
Mrs. F. E. Dicßman was sent to Napa.
She hears strange voices and wanted to
assault her landlord.
Dennis Foley was forwarded from the
Almshouse to Ukiah. He attacked and
cut two other inmates of the former place.
John Johnson imagines that an army of
red ants are marching over his body. He
was sent to Ukiah.
A silkworm lives for from fifty-three to
seventy days.WOMEN WHO TRY
TO HELP AND SAVE,
What the Home Missionary-
Society Has Accom
plished.
FACTS AND FIGURES .
Encouraging Reports of Work
Among the Japanese and
Indians.
-THE CHAMBER OF PEACE."
Large Attendance of Delegates and
Sympathizers— Newly Elected
Officers.
A large and enthusiastic gathering of I
ladies assembled at the annual meeting of j
the California Conference of the Woman's j
Home Missionary Society, held yesterday :
at Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church.
The following-named delegates were
present: Berkeley— Mrs. P. G. Buchanan, j
Mrs. George Waterson, Mrs. C. E. Pratt; '■
San Jose— Mrs. Minnie Austin, Mrs. C. N. j
Ayres; Oakland— Mrs. O. J. Backus, Mrs. i
Stedgman, Mrs. Horey, Mrs. S. J. Carroll,
Mrs. M. Hardy, Mrs". C. E. Berton, Mrs.
Beals, Mrs. Jientley: Alameda— Mrs. J. C. :
Bates, Mrs. E. A. Hani, Mrs. Waterson; \
Sacramento — Mrs. S. E. Ciayton; Santa
Clara— Mrs. A. B. Heacock; Napa — Mrs.
E. R. Willis, Mrs. I. M. Toole, Mrs.
Keene; Stockton, Santa Cruz and Hay- >
wards being represented by letters from
tne local officers".
The City delegates were: Mrs. 1* M.
Carver, Mr?. H. O. Jones, Mrs. G. H. Stud- |
ley. Mrs. J. D. Hammond, Mrs. J. C. I
Burke, Mrs. W. O. Discho. Mrs. J. Coyle, ■
Mrs. J.S. Sims. Mrs. B. Mitchell, Mrs.'W.
K. Goodwin, Mrs. W. W. Case, Mrs. W. F.
Gibson, Mrs. McCrossen, Mrs. W. Abbott,
Mrs. S. Thompson, Mrs. E. C Gibson,
Mrs. J. Teleyea, Mrs. B. F. Johnson, Mrs.
W. H. Wei'ster, Mrs. M. Worden. M. A.
Biease, Mrs. Mulser, Mr?. W. F. Bovard, i
Mrs. J. L. Schmeie, Mrs. R. McEiroj, Mrs.
CL E. Perkins. Mrs. M. E. Aekiey.
Proceedings opened with a brief devo
tional exercise conducted by Mr<. W. S.
Urmy, after which the convention was
called to order by the retiring president,
Mrs. L. M. Carver. The opening address
was delivered Dy Miss Lenora Shattuck, j
and responded to by Mrs. C W. Kinsey. j
Among the papers read were "Our Indian j
Missions," by Mrs. J. Burt; li Work
Among Our Oriental People in Cali
fornia," by Mrs. L. P. Williams; "Some
Results of Missionary Work," by Mrs. Ida
Hull; "Personal Glimpses of the Home
Field," by Mrs. E. E. Willis; "Young
People's Work," by Miss Addie Buttimer, |
and '-The Settlement Work of the Dea- |
coness' Bureau,' by Miss Winnie Rich.
The treasurer's report showed the year's '■
disbursement to be $5109 64, not includ- j
iag amounts raised and expended during
the year for specific purposes. Of this j
amount $2100 15 was given in charity to j
tue poor. Daring the twelve months jusc I
Cosed $527 14 had been received in the f
shape of dues and $167 81 from the "mite
boxe-
Resoiutions were adopted thanking thw ;
local press for its friendly attitude toward
tbe society's work and its readiness to aid
the good caaje. The corresponding sec-;
retary, Mrs. Buchanan, read a report [
Fac-Simile of the Letter Received try Coroner Hawkins Yesterday in Which an
Unfortunate Woman Threatens Sniclde.
dwelling upon the increased interest be
ing generally manifested in the home
missionary 'movement. The Oriental
Bureau reported the resignation of Miss
Hewitt, Miss Yemada, a Japanese evan
peli*t, being now superintendent of the
Japanese Woman's Mission.
Regarding the Indian work Miss Burt
reported a most encouraging state ot
things. Many boxes of clothing and sup
plies, she said, had been sent to destitute
Indians from this City.
In the course of the year Mrs. Carver,
tne society's oot-sroing president, has or
ganized a large number of auxiliary con
ferences in various parts of the State. The
organizations at St. Helena, Santa Clara,
Gilroy, Hoilister, Watsonville, Salinas and
Eanta Cruz are reported to be in splendid
working order, while the newer societies
are rapidly falling into line. Mrs. H. J.
Benson of the DeaconesV Home reported
that much good work had been done at
the "Chamber of Peace," 630 Sixth street.
This good enterprise, like others which
the society has started, is sadly hampered
by lack of means. Friends of. the work
are even now putting their heads together
9 ia order to devise plans whereby some re
liable source of income may be secured.
The foilo wing-named officers were elect
ed to serve durin? the ensuing J** T:
President, Mrs. C. W. Kinsey, vice Mrs.
L. M. Carver, resigned; vice-president,
Mrs. J. N. Beard; corresponding secre
urv, Mrs. Eobert McCieUftii ; recording
| secretary, Mrs. Rolls. v\ Watt; treasurer,
! Mrs. George W. Studley ; secretary of sup
: plies, Mrs. P. G. Buchanan; secretary of
I literature, Mrs. J. D. Hammond: secre
! tary of local work, Mrs. F. J. Masters:
secretary of mite-boxes, Mrs. F. D. Bo
|vard; secretary of young people's work,
Mis? Carrie Davis ; president of the D«p
--i coness' Bureau, Mrs. J. R. Simms; secre
tary of the Oriental Bureau, Mrs. L. P.
Williams; secretary of the Sacramento
district, Mrs. Mary Keifer; delegate to
Pacific Grove missionary convention, Mrs.
J. >'. Beard.
Berkeley Day.
BERKELEY, Cai_, Aug. s.— An enthusi
astic mass-meeting was held last evening
1 at the Town Hall to arrange for Berkeley
day at the Oakland Exposition. Speeches
: were made by John O. Hanscom, Thomas
Harm, J. H. Whitam, Rod Cameron, J. X. |
j Gillihan, W. N. Friend, J. M. Sorensen, |
l C. Dernetrak, S. W. Wells, Mrs. Etta M. •
\ Wise, S. Taylor and P. Erlandsen.
It was decided that blue and gold should j
be tne color of the day in honor of the
State University. The school children of
the town, all of whom have been granted
; a half holiday on that day, will wear the
i blue and gold. An invitation to attend
I was extended to the children of tbe State
' institution for deaf, dumb and blind, and
it is anticipated that among the features
: of the day will be music by the blind
: pupils.
The University ot California Mandolin
I and Glee Club will also be asked to lend its
aid.
Following were the committees ap
! pointed: Music, W. N. Friend; stereo'pti
| con views of Berkeley to be displayed,
J. M. Sorensen; speakers, Thomas Harm; j
transportation, S. Taylor and Bert Fraser; j
badges, Mrs. W. D. Keith, Mrs. Etta M.
Win and Miss Hamlin ; programme,:
Colonel J. O. Hanscom, W. E. Creed and
Rod Cameron ; soliciting funds, C. Deme
: trak and J. H. Whitham; on closing of
i local stores, J. M. Sorensen, George Ab-
I bott, Bert Fraser and R. W. Baker.
Wedded on the Qoiet.|
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. s.— Charles
BiackstocK, a memoer of the university
■ class of '99, was married on the qiuet in
i Los Angeles last Monday.
Young Ulackstock's home is in Ventura,
where he spent his vacation. Last Mon-
I day he surprised his friends by dropping
| out of sight and turning up at Los An
! gelcs with Miss Grace Woods of Simi Val
■■ ley, to whom he was wedded before the
sun went down. It is not known whether
i he will return to college this fall, though
it was his purpose to do so at the end of
i his freshman year.
Will Not Disband.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. s.— The Cres
cent Athletic Club will not disband. They
: so decided at their meeting last night.
i The question of disintegrating was put to
| the assembled body of members, and it
j was soon voted to continue in existence.
Hughes of Oakland was appointed box
ing instructor of the club.
WILL SEEK HER DEATH,
A Woman Writes to the Coroner
That She Will Drown
Herself.
Says Her Confidence Was Eetrayed
and That She Could Not Bear
Her Shame.
Another unfortunate woman, whose
confidence had been betrayed by a man,
j whose name is at present unknown, has
; decided to end her misery and hide her
' shame beneath tbe waters of the bay.
Yesterday afternoon Coroner Hawkins
received the following letter, and contrary
to the majority of similar missives re
ceived by him whose lines betray the
hoax; tne spirit of this letter bespeaks its
genuineness:
Mr. Coroner— Dear Sir: I write with a fail
sense of auy woman, but I am going to die by
jumping into the bay.
I was ruined by a man I love. We met last
November and he talked very smooth to me.
I, being very young, listened' to what he said
and gave my&eli into his urging grasp. We
lived together for about four months. He al
ways called me his wife. Then he deserted
me, saying be would give me enough money to
clear myself of what had happened. He did
not send the money promised, and I became
alarmed at the way I was situated and
thought that death was my only relief. ,
In less than a week I would become a mother.
' God have mercy on me. I cannot live to bear
the shame wrought on me by an unworthy
fool. Please find my body at the bottom of
the bay, at the end of Flllmore street. There
I will mate my fatal plunge. Kindly see my
body kept a few days, as I will be identified.
I nope he will look at my dead form.
Ella D.
Inquiry made at the Fillmore-street
wharf failed to reveal the fact that any
unhappy woman had taken the final
plunge, but, nevertheless, she may have
succeeded in carrying out her threat un
observed.
Unsound Mind.
Attorney— What was there about the
deceased tbat led you to believe be was of
unsound mind?
Witness—Well, for one thin?, he ab
horred bicycles. — Philadelphia North
American.
A Beckiesa Man.
Miss Elderly (who is ugly)— lt is not so
long ago that a man almost committed a
crime to please me.
Female friend— What ! Did h« try to
kiss you ?— Jexaa Sifter.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
PHILATELISTS
COME TO CHARGES
Rare Stamps Alleged to
Have Been Replaced
With Counterfeits.
GEORGE GABION ACCUSED
His Former Secretary the Au
thor of the Sensational
Allegations.
SEARCH WARRANT DEMANDED
The Rare Postal Labels Had Been
Sent Here oa Approval by a
New York Firm.
One of the strangest offenses ever
brought to the attention of the local police
authorities was the charge made against
George Carion, Charged With the Peculiar Offensi of Substituting Stamps.
[From a photograph, j
his former employer by George M. Schil
ler, until within a day or two the secretary
and clerk of George Carion. Carion is a
postage-stamp dealer of world-wide prom
inence, who located in this City about
four years ago. The matter has produced
the greatest sensation ever known in lecal
philatelic circles.
Schiller charges Carion with having
substituted worthless counterfeit postage
stamps for valuable, genuine ones left in
his custody, and yesterday, on the
strength of the representations made by
Schiller, a policeman, armed with a
search warrant, was watching the prem
ises of Carion in order to try to find and
recover the alleged missing stamps.
Schiller was in the employ of the ac
cused man for a year and a half, and quit
his service on Saturday last. About two
weeks ago hi 3 then employer requested
Schiller to write to the Scott Stamps and
Coin Company of New York for certain
French colonial stamps, which Carion
represented he wanted for a customer.
He explained that he had previously
written for similar stamps, but had failed
to receive them, probably because the
New York firm did not care to sell to a
competitor.
The request was duly forwarded by
Schiller and in response be received on
approval four books filled with the stamps
of the various French colonies and valued
at $410. But the stamps ordered were not
sent. Carion in looking over the books
oasually remarked that there were some he
could probably use. So he was allowed to
| retain the books. They were received on
1 Monday, July 27, and remained in
Carion's custody, so Schiller states, until
yesterday morning.
When "the books were handed to Schiller
he loofced them over and noticed at once,
so be claims, that quite a number of the
most valuable stamps had been replaced
with worthless counterfeits and that fine
specimens bad been replaced with poor
copies. He called Carion's attention to
the alleged substitution and the latter
promptly and indignantly denied that he
bad manipulated the stamps in the man
ner intimated. The enraged dealer seized
the books and in the presence of Schiller
and Henry Doscher, who had accompan
ied Schiller to Carion's piace of business,
sealed them in an envelope.
This he carried to Frank Koeing, the
president of the Pacific Philatelic Bociety.
and asked that gentleman to retain the
custody of the stamps pending the settle
ment of the trouble. Koenig refused to
accept the charge and Carion, in the
presence of Koenig, mailed the package to
the New York consignors.
Meanwhile Schiller proceeded to police
headquarters and procured a search war*
rant with the object of recovering, if
possible, the alleged missing stamps, j
Schiller thraatens to bring a charge of !
embezzlement against his former em- .
ployer for having refused to return the i
booKs to him after being charged with the
substitution. Up to late last evening
Carion had not appeared at his office.
Carion was suspended a year ago from
the Amarican Philatelic Association, the
National society of stamp collectors, on a
charge of having offered for sale fraudu
lent stamps. He claims to be able to dis
prove the charge and the matter will come
up for hearing at the approaching conven
tion of the association, which will begin
meeting* at iliunetonka, Minn., on
August 11.
More Tree Planting Favored.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. s.— Professor
E. W. Hilgard, in his addrew on "Shade
and Ornamental Trees," before the Berke
ley floral Society last night, suggested a
system of tree planting which would
make the whole town a series of beautiful
avenues, each to be uniform and shaded
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
by only one kind of tree. Thus the town
might"oe divided into sections, and vari
ous streets might be set apart for the
growing of certain kinds of trees.
Gas pipes and electrical wires come in
for considerable attention, aud Professor
Hilgard favored immediate steps to pre
vent them from bein* so laid as to inter
fere with the growth oi trees. Leaks
from gas pipes were declared to be highly
injurious, and the speaker deprecated the
custom followed in Berkeley of allowing
the electric lighting compan y to cut wide
spaces throujrn trees to mase room for
their wires.
In reference to the selection of trees the
professor expressed the opinion' that the
town appeared to be much divided on the
question of what trees are the best. "Most
trees that are commonly used shed their
leaves at some time." said the professor,
"but there are some which do not remain
bare as long as others. There is no reason
why in Berkeley we should not have, with
our climate, as "extended a variety and as
perfect growth as any town on earth. We
can have almost any tree we wish.
Professor Hilgard gave some interesting
facts regarding the different available va
rieties of tre^s, at the conclusion of which
Dr. Warring Wilkinson spoke against the
ordinance that prohibits the growth of
trees over sixteen feet high.
Lane Is Dismissed.
Judge Wallace yesterday instructed the jury
in the case of Peter F. Laae to bring in a ver
dict of not guilty. Dr. James If. Keeney testi
fied that Lane was pnysically incapable of
committing the crime with which he was
charged. _
There are still two charges a?amst Lane, but
tfiey will undoubtedly be dismissed.
Bitten by a Dog.
■William Hastagen, a milkman, was playing
with a Spitr do? belonging to a customer at
Holly Par* wnen the dog bit him severely on
the left forearm. He went to the City and
County Hospital, where the wound was dressed
by Dr. Glannmi.
DAIRYMEN SHOWING FIGHT
They Object to the Official
Slaughter of Cattle Now
Going On.
A Milk Famine and Ruination of
the Dairying Interests Freely
Predicted.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. s.— From the
present indications it seems likely if the
j craze for the indiscriminate use of tuber
j culm as an infallible test for tuberculosis
i in cattle continues teat the dairying mi
i dustry in California, in whicn hundrads of
I thousand of dollars have been invested,
\ will soon be a thing of the past.
The price of milk also will be doubled to
| the consumer before the middle of winter,
! and adulteration more rife taan ever. It
: was thus that a prominent dairyman in
Alameda spoke of the matter.
"You see," said he, "the difficulty lies
i here. I give from $35 to 550 for each head,
i and the stock-raiser from whom I pur
i chase is unable or unwilling to give me
I any guarantee that the beast is free from
I any taint of tuberculosis. It generally
I happens that tue external appearance of
tne beast is not indicative of disease.
j Most of the cases of tuberculosis diagnosed
I by tuberculin weigh 800 pounds and over.
' In Santa Clara County one farmer has had
j 400 cows condemned in three months.
I This means a loss to him of at least
| $12,000. If he buys again from outsiders
j he has no guarantee that be may not lose
j 70 per cent of his new purchases.
"The dairymen object not only to the
system in vogue, but to the manner in
which the tests are applied, the deduc
tion drawn from an increased bodily tem
perature and the absence of any recom
| pense for destroyed cattle. There is no
clinical examination made of the cattle
after or before the reaction from tuber
culin. We hold, also, that a distinction
I should be made as to the seat of the dis
| ease when discovered, and that quaran
! tin ing should be resorted to in all cases
i where the tuberculin test is used.
"The State should legislate on the mat
-1 ter, as it did with phylloxera, and exam
! me ail cattle in its confines, independent
; of any Health Board belonging to a city
i or town, and should place on eacn healthy
j animal an ear taz, as is done in Pennsyl-
I vania. More, it should recompense the
] owner for all cattle destroyed in its first
' State examination. We do not wish to
i milk unhealthy cattle or handle them.
At present we are at the mercy of the
health officers, who are not experts, and
j for whose mistakes we have no redress."
Alameda Republican Club.
ALAMEDA, Cai~, Aug. s.— The execu
tive committee of the Alameda Republi
can Club wiil Im an important meeting
to-morrow evening in Tucker Hall. Tbe
selection of the election judges and in
spectors for tbe Congressional primary
will be part of the business. These officers
will be chosen from the three Republican
clubs— Alameda. Veteran and Regular.
Art Students' League.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. s.— The Art Stu-
I dents' League was reoreanized last night
with Ralph E. Robinson as president. C.
C. Judaon vice-president, and C. P. Neil
son secretary and treasurer. Messrs.
Robinson and Judson, medalists of the
San Francisco Art Association, will con
tinue to act as instructors. The league
has taken rooms in tbe Central block and
is fitting up a commodious studio on tbe
j top floor. It has started in with a mem
bership of twelve, and expects by next
month to double that number. The classes
meet every Tuesday and Friday evenings
I for drawing from tne nude. A ladies' class
I is to be organized later on.
Alameda Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. s.— The Ala
meda day committee to-night arranged
the following programme for the evening
at the exposition :
Opening address. J. F. Forderer; barytone
solo, Arthur G. Burns; oration, Edward K.
Taylor; Hawaiian sextet in native songs; vocal
solo, Mrs. L. L. Dixon: barytone solo, Dr. J. G.
Humphrey; stereopticon views, "Alameda as
She Is," B. P. Lamborn.
The screen for the views will be twenty
two feet square.
Theodore Voet has composed an Ala
meda march to be played Dy the exposi
tion band.
Tnere will be an afternoon entertain
ment of an bour with recitations and an
address by Green Majors. The exposition
management has donated $30 to the enter
tainment fund.
A coupon ticket has been arranged to
give admission and a round trip on the
electric road for 25 cents.
It was decided to increase to twenty the
cresent reception committee, which con
sists of Mrs. C. E. Naylor, Mrs. I. K.
Chapman, Miss Agnes Spreckels, Mrs. J.
F.Forderer, Miss Laura Foster, and Messrs.
A. R. Denfce, E. Minor Smitb, F. K.
Krauth, Dr. Lubbock and J. W. Travera.
The Brute.
Miss B. — But you must admit that men
live much faster than women.
Mr. C. — Yes. Tae last time we met we
were each 25. Now I'm 40. but I hear you
haven't reached 30.— New York World.
■ »EW TO- DAT. , J _ _
Another
Cut
TV
SCHOOLEIOOKS
Partial List:
Reviied First Reader . .........! 15c
Old First Reader 13c
Old i-econd Header... 30c
Old Third Reader 50c
EsTKitston's Primary History....... ..:..s»c
Smith Primer of Physiology 25c
Vertical Copy Books 7c
Ward's Business Forms, Nos. 1 and 2 8c
Ward's Business Forms, Nos. 3 and 4... 13c
Bookkeeping Books— l sec. 8a 00
Buyer Elementary Biology 70c
Fis'ice'a Civil Government 85c
Flake's U. S. History 85c
Way ley's Classic Myths $1 35
Coming's Outline Rhetoric. 90c
Packard's Com. Arithmetic „ $1 10
Richardson's Chemistry $1 00
Smith stringham's Ele. Algebra 9 1 00
Styles' Milton to Tennyson ......90c
TUdeu s Com. Geography ; ?1 10 j
6x9 Bonnd Slates „.. .....5c
100 Pointed. Slate Pencils 10c
Van Ness Bazaar
O BIG STORES
V AND FACTORY,
1808 MARKET,
NEAR VAN NESS.
415 STOCKTON,
• NEAR BUSH.
622 KEARNY,
■"- COR. COMMERCIAL
Where Men
Are Weak
In the small of the back, the general nerve,
muscular and sexual center — the point at
which the nerves, which feed nearly all the
▼ital functions of the body, begin— this it
where nearly all men and women are weak. A
pain here may mean, and generally does, the
exhaustion of nerve strength In the vital or-
gans. It is the nerves crying for aid, and no
pain at this point should be passed as imma-
terial. It will come again, and with greater
severity, and if the message given by the nerves
is not attended to it may result in general
nervous prostration, impotency or Bright'i
disease of the kidneys.
DR. 51IM5FS ELECTRIC BELT.
Whatever the cause of these pains in the
back they are nerve pains. They mean that
the nerves are suffering, and a remedy which
will cure the nerves will remove the cause of
the pain. As electricity is the life of the nerves
it is the only remedy that will cure them. This
explains the wonderful and exclusive success
of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its full strength,
and it gives a volume of electricity into the
body, -which saturates the , system :in three
hours. Is directed to the small of the back,
where it enters *ie nerve centers and feeds
them. _— — '
I'kxah. CaL. June 39, 1893.
I Dr. A. T. Sanden-Dear Sir: Year belt Is just
what yon recommend It to be: in fact. X am at a
loss to know why you do not place more of an esti-
mation on Its worth and true merits, for you may
rest assured It will bear it. I have been an invalid
for twenty years, and have suffered all the agonies
•{excruciating pains Imaginable, not without them
one hour in the day. Now lam free from them.
Toe fearful pain In my b«ick that 1 suffered from
so many years and which caused' me so many
sleepless nlirhts has all disappeared, and my jleep
is sound and undisturbed. I can recommend your
belt to all sufferers from pains in th« back from
the effects of kidney trouble and lumbago, as 1
have passed through the ordeal and know what it
will do. I have worn th« belt and have experi-
enced a change to my satisfaction, Your* respects
fplly . '"-!- R. 13. iSKUW3,
Ckiah, Mendoclno County, CaL :
A CERTAIN CURE.
Giving this vital energy Into the body it car
ries life and vigor to every part of the struc-
ture. It adds new vital and sexual energy to
the body every time it is applied. It will ■ re-
store the manly power, Check unnatural drains,
remove the cause of all pains and cause a per-
manent cure in ail cases in from 30 to 90 day«. j
It la worn while the patient rests. y  I
Men or women who are weak or ailing will
profit by reading Dr. Sanden's latest book. II
will be sent, cloaeiy sealed, free on application.
It gives full information and price list. Ad-
dress or call , ' .---. ;-;.;-■-..::
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
«30 Market Street, San Francisco; . ■
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; a jl. X. to
8:30 c. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1. ■• ■ -
• -r • Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
IXM3 ANGELES, CAI« I : PORTLAND, OR-
-204 soot* Broadway. 1 253 Washington street.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-"IHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
XJ law and Notary Public 633 Market *5, op?*
ana False* Hotel. Telephone 470. ; KaatOaaO* l«*t
?l/hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
{Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the CJ^jCjC.
1
•PjjJ] fiARTT FTf
llllJ UllllllJJJl
SPRINGS
TTAVH THE MERITED REPTTTATIOS OF
■tl beta* ODe of the wosrura of the woblu and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those In searca oi _lsaj.th, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Cllmst* In Call-
fornla.
_
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
r.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, L.lver,
- Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS. SI OTOSI 5 PER WEEK,
Two Routes to the Spring. S. P. Co. and
a. t. ana >. P. Kail way. ■
.
Address an correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, Si F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, CaL
• —— :
~———^______________^_
|||§|il|^r
= 'vs^§&Elta2^S?>f.ik%K a__^^HE^fl__^^
I *--T^- "**wH^_afesias^^ss^^^' *
' " ~'<i''^*'y'>'r ' ' I
X _________ FISHIXG, DELIGHTFUL
TNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
KJ coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild eoas
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cm?, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropote now open. Island Villa In July.
For full information, illustrated' pamphlets an
m \vi.LHINUTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
22a South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
~~ : : :
B~_ M _>. M a _-^ _^ HOT SPRrVGS.
li H _■ M I€■ _T1 Monterey connl
UliE-PfiiVll tv Ca? Th;
r URlli _% I I Carlsbad of
M MII EH I |_J ■ I America- For
■ ■■■■■■■ H& health -gat pleas-
ore,- climate, accommodations, . scenery, 'flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plun 8
baths. hot snlDhur tub and tanfcsVma*-
■age treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed In the -tate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
mnd Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. J£.
ml?« by 9?a^e TefeDhone l^nd Postofflce For
Su^ra'ed'piatph.ltirrs^af in.ucSnt/fo
1896, address £ ROBERTSON. Manager.
Vini rIA ri I v- TiJ\ IX *i <
lip I \lllil \rKlll»\
_I_U ."1 kJvl/r_ Vjl II 1.1 '.'►?»
_ _■,- . . _ , - _
California"* Famom Mountain • Spa!
H.v_ yoc B,^™ «_««,
JOCO feet above Napa V"alley. Climate nn-nr-
passed. Views masmlQcent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Ho: and cold
Nap» Soda water baths. Telephone and PostoHice.
Bnrros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croqasc,
■wings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM: WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au ideal summer resort. Cnil-
dren's paradise: mothers* delight: husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda spring
**• O. ' ' • l ' " ' ■•■■-■
—~
. ■ _»,. If i I ft -11
." ,A HAIAI I 'inilAJ*!
-_^«Eg_rsfrJ>£Jfc llvlUl VU.'|Jll.VlQ.y
E|m}i ■-ii n 8 Cig* J 4 Mile) £a«t of
JBT^rufifSaffSziiS Santa Crux.
_*____i_»__L»«-Jr!s!: „. , . , ,
„ ■ 1,,. —^- .' Hotel a water's edsrs:
I " "'I » W«'i"'. good salmon and trout «ah-
..•■-.——*-l r//A ln«- Apply to . .
I * %f% HEPBURN Si TEKKI,
** Lessees,
" , — <="M-~
..WHEN LJKIAH
YISITLNO v» ?*.»
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
TV. H. FOKSE & soxs, proprietors;
IS THE.NX WEST, LARGEST AND BEST
J hotel in U-lah. and -- - • headquarters for
Stages to all resort, and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
T7" 1 fl fl fl hot springs. sonom*
V If AI" I ' V .bounty, on 1% hours from
\ n Jl ITlt\ San Francisco; but 9 miles
I 1 |\ fl I 1 II II staging: new road through
MUXIVI ** M canyon: new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or dis_-
crreeable winds: mosqukos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Ttbaron ferry at 7:30
a. K. or 3:30 P. if. Pound-trip ticket only *5 50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $1-a week; baths free.
J. F. MDLGREW, Proprietor.
~—: ~ ~ ; "
CUP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
-.:■■ ---■ - . cv._»-__a,* h-»_i n_-i- <-- »-»>
Tocaloma, B«rtrand s Hotel, riarin Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
-lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis: line trout fishing, bath-
Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley: postoSce, express, telegraph, and liver* at
both hotels: terms $8 and *1J per weelfc
VICTOK W. KRA U S3, Manager. .
JOS. F. BE XT RAND. Proprietor. '-''C
. City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2to4p. m.
—————————————^—
-—^ '
I UTTna! nßnlEillin
I VI lilnl Y_JUIIUI a V
LM lUN drmPiuUf
La I 1 I Vll Ul IllllUUf
SONOMA COUNTY.
AW I DEA L P^ACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AIT IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH. REST
PLEASLRE: no staging; %-mfle from
-statlon. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda springs. Wonderful curative propertle*.
Table nrat-elaas. Bend for circulars.
: . —~ ~~rr~~. ~~~ ~
Ilil\ I 4 1 111 1 Hill klli
*■ liXlil -L ill.* VII 11V nJKJUa
< a nif_- (-•-> r.«ii,ni on si... i i_. /
-18 niles from Cazadero, on Sta^e Liae.-'
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY ' FRUIT,
VT cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
T^^V^l^for^n^f^A
Cisco for particulars.
- ' .... - . . -
c - ■■■ •• ~~ ~~ ! ... ■ -■■- .
SEIQLER SPRINGS,
■'■ liAKECOUNTr
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THS
X year round. Telephone connections. Ronnd-
tripticlteta at Southern Pacific offices. *10: special
conveyance daUy. For lnfornation address JOHN
BPAULDING. belgler Springs. Lake County. Cal.
—.———————^__^^-^_
TN THE HEART SANTA CRUZ
TN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
-1 Mountains: hot and cold magnetic baths: hunt-
Ing and fishing; cottages for families: stage meets
morning train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSEY. Glenwood, CaL ;-
—
., . „_,, __^ •____
HA/PI OI FN
I I/U.CL VJL,UI>(.
pOOD PLAIN BOARD IX PRIVATE PAIL
Ur fly five miles from Cloverdale; rates moderate.
J?Selly.^Poweiuul^ **???**'??•
JIADROJE SIJERAL SPRIGS
W ILL BE OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
>> year. W.teM sure cure for aU stomach and
urinary troubles. Send for analysis and descnp-
tive pamphlet. Adaress Madrone Mineral Springs,
M-drone. >?aata Clara Coanty, Cat .
. > ■
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
.--;■:-• .
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms: large grounds; fnut and flowers. Ad
axes. P. O. bos _-&
- ■■!-:■*■ •■ ■,-■-.-« ■'■'■■■ -T.
HIGHLAND^SPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND Trie FALL MONTHS.
G °r?et^ li a^teFl^t *£? S^fSJtelSa
"2 c o fi nest Mineral Springs
x- ,1 ""* oria. -'•.--- '■--_
-tail season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
Cisco. Good hunting, bathine, boating
and &3hla
RATES SIO TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
„,, LEE D. CRAIG,
316 Montgomery St., S. F.
<-\; Or .J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cat.
~~ ~~~
ACt 1 IN A *5 I Ix. IIN vj
] There „ healin. jn the wat<erJ (for rheama:!sm.
; malaria, nervousne.-is, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc):
I there la life Id the atr. s>wlicni!De-tan». tub and
s:eam baths, fine hotel, amusements. Bates, flO
to $14. Take 7a. x. S. P. train for St. Helena:
' stage connects at 10 a. Unlimited round-trip
j tickets. *7. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W. L.
Ml TCHhLL. L-.lell P. P.. IN'apa County. Ca!.
MOUNTAiN HOJ-7
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
'" the Santa Crnz Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swlmmln;, fishing and nun:-
ing. New dancins pavUlon. Deer park. Table
excellent dancing pavilion. Deer park. souve-
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for soave-
_ir. *ca«e at Madrone every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after Jnne 1. connecting wita
train leaving the City at 8:15 a- m.
VIC PONCE LET. Llamas. CaL
! ■
4 - __■_»■■_-* ■-%
tj O iMIoE-SEIRCjI
i n the mid 36 of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
GKEAT WING CANY' '.V .
Iron Springs. lakes. Bowling Alley. Splendid
i Place for Hunting, awimmin?, Boating and
Fishing. Elevation nearly 1.00 feet.
* Best Climate for Asthma.
SPECIAL COTTAGtS for ( AMPEKS. Cog-ey-
"ness every Wednesday and Saturday from Nap.*,
' Ml^ °M_Jf ™ornine t7 l * J£SSS
ASHJN ABI-*t,. Maice your en«_k?emen-» bef^r?"
hand. Address * ALTER Napa City, Cat.
CT HFI P"MA C A SMITTA 11M
°' • nfc.i-C.INA b AJN » 1 Attl U IYI,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
pECRKATION. REST AND HOME FOR IX-
vaUds- consisting of larce main building, eot-
VflTev^eanih 11
£__? J~ I££^£e£ciS!" medSfted
; and sieam baths are among the remedial agents.
sn;mru:n!; tank, gymnasium and beaatiful moan
! tain walks are am on* the amusements. Pure
j water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoaa-
; tions first class. Rates reasonable. »end for circular.
j •
; ASTORQ mm mmXl WATER.
i "
i THE FOUXTAIX OF PERPETUAL YOCTH:
JL cures most any disease cf lons standing: cured
hacdred»: recommended by thousands in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth a:., sole proprietor. The greatest medicinal
and curative water in Calif or.iia.
;
--,----, .. _-_ . _-^.-^-.'
T }-f C fiPV^PD?
I 1 I L-, VI l_ I ijL-I\«J(
' Sonoma County, Cal.
; UXDKB yt.W MANAGEMENT.
! PATES $_ TO*_ 60 PJiK DAY, TO $14 PER
: •!»< week; all baths tree.
! , XT. H. F.RON. Proprietor.
TTTIQI~»AM SPRIWPC
I US>t,AIN bPKINOb.
n Prices within the reach of all. Positive rnre for
; Rhenmatism, Gout.--crofula. Diseases of Kidneys
| a nd Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man 13 heir
; to. ."or rates and fare apply to
W. J. O'XKILL. . 133 Sixth St.
SANTA CATALOi ISLAJD.
-Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZaHS'S egraph pigeon service daily, con-
nectmg the island with the wires of the world.
c .D.TnrA . DD_C
SAKAIOQA SPRINGS,
I T AXE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
\ £™^^iJ^^SEg^&
\ *™ l e Lwr^ and 5P*"? = table unexcelled: hard-
S"13?,^/0?™ 3 a°d co ,"»K es- J- HA.ttli.N3, Baca-
elor P. P., Lake Co., Lai.
i BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
i YEW HOTEL, NOW OPEN; MANY NEW
\ Xl improvements for the entertainment of guests;
' the pavilion built over the water; naphtha launch,
; etc.: good fishing and hunting. Address CARL
MEYER, Bertha P. 0., Lake to. Do not address
Blue Lakes. •
■ ' •
»__.. ^_ _ _____ «.
I/I AMj)TL| UHT QDRINOQ
< IVLHIIiH 111 fill 1 Cl r.lliUUt •
j -DESWICK, bXBfcUYOG COUNTY, CAL, A
IJJ noted fishing and health resort Hot mad and
sulphur baths..
i edsoh bros, proprietors.
' TTOTEL DEL MAR— THE SEASHORE: 39
iJI mjnote3 rid^ {rom -,- Cruz; climate per-
' feet; tabla unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, ro»-
1 ing. fishing: busej meet all trains: children, .*J
! to $5 per week; adults. $9 per waek: special rate*
; t(> societies and families. Address MAXAGhP.
j HOTEL DEL MAS, Santa Cam, Q-U or room -ft
Maze building. S. F. '
; : : "
TTOTEL VICTORIA. SONORA. CAL,. THE
-LI- gem of the mountains, famed for its eauabla
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
: health seekers' paradUe: the accommodations of
I the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
' order; rates $10 to $15 per week-JOHX C MOB-
■ RISON. lessee.
TT°- hunters fob SAXHEDRIN
mn Heights: cO miles from Ukiah; the sports-
man's Mecca ami ladies" real and delight; wild
| picturesque scenery: ice-cold water: over 4000-
toot altltnae: among the pines; saddle-horses,
glides, ecu; best of tables: good beds: hot, cold
and steam baths: city references and particular*
on application; room and board $1 per day. L. B.
FRASIER. manager; address Sanhedrin, Lake
"RIVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OP
J\ Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Jten-
docino County; round trip, S9 75 from San Fraa-
clgco. flshln^ aunlln _. fiithlns and boatlnean-
■nrpassed. -Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
J? lit. fruit, -*>_-tables raised on the ranch. T. J.
j GILLESPIE, Potter Valley. Mendoclno County.
i AT BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY
-"*• board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
I station; 1 hoar fm city. MRS. HANSEN.Betmonu
j tirookside FRUIT FARM; FINK shade:
I ■*-' plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit: good
! accommodations. Address Brookside. Napa.
I __„_.-,_,-. AND BEST Txr AMERICA-THB
; pHEAPE>TA> D BEsT IN AMERICA-THB
I VA\* EEKLY CALL, sent to any address In. tt«
»- -ited States or Canada one year for ?1 50, post-
j ace free. ■' • • ■-" ' ■
i __-M HALL'S R.EWHGORATOR
W\WmfS% """ H-HL MfcfiLli Wr«l-..1W1-
! KMpaSgEa THIS SECRET REMEDY stops
j ■§■ BH all losses in 24 hours. Restores
\ I, -" .• g Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
! U/mjl mM cures Emissions. Impotency, Varico-
j ■■I o *l*1* cele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Stric-
Will ll'l'l tnres,Blood Disease and all wasting
FoSa ■■effects of >-elf Abuse or Excesses.
&g^r&>^ j-eut sealed, $2 per bottle. THREE
BO^^^li:L.^"IDIciLYvSTfTUTE!*'
DB- ?« r^«.t OakJand CaL
| AllWviu'S^^nwg^eS:. Send Mr
-_-#B______lvi_i =»«« *<* non-po_««o-,
| *%£&%£?*&% Gleet $ne7mai'orVh_f£
J^l^^r^ Whites un Ta tur"l di^
| «||f H charges, or any inflammi-
j IR not to ,_ie_a». — tion, irritation or ulcera-
Jr •frunu.u r—l*'" tinn of mucous mem-
R»ITMEEI*S3CHEW!C4ICa cranes. . Son-astringent.
VfIAetMCiNSATio _■■ Sold by cru^siaic,
tr a. a -Hi or at in plain wrapper,
ASSwWT' J--f!_l br express, prepaid, ■ for
'^ShEffigwfc(:Q 11.00, or 3 bottles, CM*.
'^H_rl ■ Urcuiar tent or. - ..oeci.
I ' .
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
G.ain Bags lower and weak.
Wheat and Barley declining.
Fair demand for Oats.
C orn and Rye neglected.
liay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Brans as before.
potatoes and Onions about the same.
Vegetables. continue plentiful.
F.utter hardly as rlrm.
Large shipments of Eastern Eggs en route.
Poultry in large stock.
Fresh Fruits unchanged.
Prices for new Dried Peaches fixed.
Provisions as before.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount Of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lin'-s, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low
refer* to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompunled by cloudy .weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
.•uait. When the pressure is high in the interior
ami low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather mny be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER liUKE'AU REPORT.
United States Department of Agbicui>
TUBE. WEATHEB BDBEAD, SaN FRANCISCO, .'. Ug.
6, 1896. SP. it Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno 94, San Diego 72, Red Bluff
90, san Luis Obispo 74, Yuma 104, San Francisco
64. Los Angeles 78. BM
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 62, mean 58.
The pressure is generally below the normal
except in California. Cloudy weather prevails
from the vicinity of Red Bluff and Larson City
northward and eastward through Montana Light
showers have occurred in Washington.
Forecast made at .-an Franci-co for thirty hours
ending midnigat, August 6, 1896:
Northern California— Generally fair, except
cloudy and fogsy alons the coast Thursday morn-
Ing; fresh westerly winds.
Southern California-Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly winds.
.Nevada— rily cloudy in the north portion,
fair in the south portion Thursday.
Utah— Par- cloudy in the north portion, fair In
th • south portion Thursday.
Arizona— Generally fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
except partly cloudy and foggy Thursday morn
ing; brisk to high westerly winds.
W. H. Hammox, Forecast official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 6.— Stocks to-day
were dull and the movement as of late was con
trolled by the professional element which for the
moment is arrayed on the bull side of the account.
These operators nad the assistance of small buy
ing orders from London as well as higher cables
from that center, and In the early trading the
favorite issues under the leadership of sugar scored
advances of Vi@l% percent. The rise in sugar
v. as stimulated by the advance in all grades of re
lined y 8 c per pound. Manhattan sained a point at
this time on covering <f short contracts, and less
was heard of reductions in dividends and surface
road competition
The usually active list improved %@s/8 per
cent, but the trading v.as of a retail character.
Alter mid 'ay Burlington and Quincy was forced
down to 60V2 from 62 on sales by brokers con
nected with a leading broker. It was currently re
ported that the dividend on the stock will be re
duced, and this was the favorite argument of Ihe
bears. One broker bought the next dividend on
11,000 shares, paying ">/ e of 1 per cent. In the ab
sence of support the rumors had a depressing In
fluence, and the stock was sensitive throughout.
Late in the day the market improved on attempts
to cover by small bear operators.
A reduction in the demand rates for sterling
exchange has a tendency to check selling for the
short account, as it furnishes evidence, if any
were needed, that the syndicate has this market
well in hand, On the other band, money, except
on pledge of the very best collateral, is difficult to
obtain and rates on time are gradually working
higher. To-day 6@>.y 2 per cent was exacted and
paid and these rates are likely to rule until general
business improves. The Moore failure had no
effect on the local mar to-day. In the late
trading at the stock Exchange. Burlington and
Quincy developed renewed weakness and sold
within a fraction of the lowest of the day.
bugar, St. Paul, Manhattan and Rock Island
all scored fractional losses in sympathy, and the
market closed quiet. .Net changes show gains of
Vb(S>'/s' ; per cent. in the inactive shares St. Paul
preferred decline! 2% to 120%. Total sales
were 1,270 shares, including 25,700 fst. Paul,
24,300 su;.i and 22.800 Burlington and Quincy.
Bonds were quiet and lower. Total sales were
$510,000. Atchtson adjustment tours fell 1 to
3i; Denver and i.io Grande fours, 1 to 86;
Ann Arbor fours, 3 to 65; Jersey Central general
■ fives, ■_' to 112, and St. Louis Southwestern sec
onds, 1 Vi to 24.
In (government bonds $10,000 coupon fours
of 19-6 brought 112%, and $5000 coupon fours
of 1907, 107V4@1078/ .
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet. Winter wheat, low grades,
$1 7C@2 SO: do fair to fancy, $2 40©3 40:
do pa tits, $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear, $2 40
tu'i 30; do straights, $2 95C<S3 40: ao patents,s3 15
mi 20: low extras. $1 70<#2 5o; city mills, *3 90;
Co patents. $4 1U6Z.4 35: rye mixture, $2 400
3 90: superfine, $1 t>o@2l6; flue. $1 60(32. South
ern flour, dull and steady; common to fair extra
$2&2 80; good to choice do. $2 60®2 90. Rye
flour, dull, easy. $2 40@2 70.
CORNMEAL— Quiet; yellow Western, $2 OS®
2 10. ■ "
" RYE— Dull: Western. 37% cf. o. b.
BARLEY— Quiet; 49 pounds, 331, 2 c f. ab.
WHEAT— steady. Vie lower. No. 2 red
f. o. b.. 68y 2 ungraded red, &9@69c; No. 1 North
ern, 66Vfec_ - ■
Options moderately active and steady at Vie
decline, following the West, with trading only
local. September and December most active
August, 63y«c: September, 64c; October, 643,ic
! December, bee. '*
CORN Quiet; firm: No. 2, 31 Vie elevator
3'Aic afloat. '
Options were dull and firm ■ at unchanged prices
to Vie advance, without special . feature. Septem
ber most active; August. 30ygc; September, 31V6.C-
October. Si S/ie; May, 341/4 C. '
' OATS—
Options dull, easier. August, 23c; September
22V<jc: October, 22 Vic.
bfrOt prices: No. 'A 'JHyjc: No. 2 white. 26Vic;
No. 2 Chicago, 24c: No. 3. 22i/4c: No. 3 white,
25Vic; mixed Western, 23(£24y 2 c; white do
•J.1 4,32c; white State, 27c. .
Provisions.
LARD— Firmer, quiet. Western steam, $3 62%;
option sales none; September closed at $3 75;
refined, firmer: continent. $4 15: souui American,
$4 75: compound, 3%(gs4VsC.
PORK— Quiet, firmer. Old mess, $B<j£B 50: new
mess, $8 75®?9.
BCTTEK— Steady, quiet. Western dairy. 9<ai
12c: do creamery, liy a @lsc; do factory. 8®llc;
Elfins, 15c.
t HEEsK-Qulet, firm. Part skims, 2®&c; full
skims, l@iy 2 e.
FINANCIAL-
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
VV EELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St, TeL Main 1054.
' , . . BRANCH OFFICE ' ' .
C2S Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. I'IKDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
- tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F.
CSICAOO. TRIVA.TX Wlttii SMW YOBS!
jeGGS-Quiet.Western, fresh. ll@12J^o; do per
case. $1(32 80. . '"JWi^itWMWflMHi»iiißliiiMif»> htelj
1 ALLOW— DuII. City, 3c; country. 3@By B e.
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady. Crude, 19@'-'oc;
yellow. 22%@23c.
RlCK— Steady, quiet. Domestic, 3@5%c; Japan,
4@4i.4c.
.MOLASSES— Steady. New Orleans. 27®37c.
COFFEE— steady; 15 to 30 points up.
August, $10 50@10 65; September. 9JO@IO 15:
October, $9 75ra>990: December, $9 40@9 60: Jan
nary, $9 50: March, 99 30@9 46: May, 99 30@
9 35. Spot Rio, dull, steady; No. 7, 11 Vie-
SUGAR— Haw, firm; fairly active; fair refin
ing-, 3 l-16c: centrifugals, 3 7-16 c bid; refined, y 8
higher, quiet; No. 6, 4 716 c; .No. 7, 4 5-16 c: No.
8, 4V*c; No. 9, 4 3-16 c; -No. 10, 43/8?: No. 11,
4 1-16; No. 12, 4c; No. 13, 3 16-16o; off A. 4 7-16
@4%c: mold A, 6y 8 c: standard A, 4%c; con
fectioners' A, 4%c; cut loaf and crushed, sVic;
powdered, 6y 8 c; granulated, 4 %c; cubes, 6y
Fruit and Produce. ' }■.•-'
APRICOTS— New bags. S@9c.
PEACHKS— OId, peeled, 6V4@B%c; do tin
peeled, 13@14c. . '
PKUNEs- four sizes, 4%@5c.
RAISINS— two-crown loobe Muscatel, 3 S 4@
4c; do three-crown, B(SSV4c; do four-crown, 6Vj|C;
do London layers, 91@1 15; do clusters, $1 25
@1 40.
JIOPB— Dull, quiet; State, common to choice,
3@7V«tC: Pacific Coast, 3©tjy 2 c.
WOOL-Easy; domestic fleece. 16@SS2c; pulled,
15®33c; Texas, 7®l2c.
Merchandise.
Fin IRON— Steady, quiet; American. 910 25®
12 50.
COPPER — Easier: lake. $11 05.
J.KAJ'-Dull: domestic, * 2 85.
UN-Quiet; strait*. *13 40@13 45; plates,
quiet, steady. .
SPELTEK-Dull: domestic. 93 90.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., Aug. — Wheat opened this
morning with quite a fair business and at firmer
prices. Liverpool prices were quoted at slight ad
vances, and ligh:er receipts in the Northwest— 223
cars, against 336 last Wednesday ana 87 a year
ago— were partly instrumental in producing
strength, but the climbing properties of the pro
vision market seemed to exert the greater po
tency. After the expiration of the first hour busi
ness quieted down and trading: became slow and
unimportant. Chicago received 144 cars and in
spected out 101,068 bushels to-day.
Export clearances of wheat and flour aggregated
288.523 bushels. Closing Paris and Antwerp
cables were unchanged. Berlin was Vi , mark
lower. September wheat opened from 68 8 to
68TgC, sold between 6814 c and 59*4 c, closing at
683/ B e, i4@B/sc under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to morrow 240 cars.
CORN— Depended largely for its . motive on
what was doinc in other parts of the room. The
heat of the day had a very depressing effect on
traders, who for that reason displayed a lack of
energy and an inclination to neglect the market.
Receipts were large at 956 cars and 336,800 bush
els were withdrawn from store. .Liverpool cables
were firm and %<• higher. Export clearances
amounted to 226,739 bushels. Repor's of hot
winds In the corn producing States cause some
anxiety for the safety of the corn crop. Septem
ber corn opened from 258/gC to 26i.4c, sold be
tween 25V«|C and ?sc, closing at 26i»i<g)26S/gc, 1 - / c
higner than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 750 cars.
OATS— Business was principally of a local char
acter, shorts being very good buyers early in the
session, but withdrawing their support at the first
Indication of weakness. The tone of wheat and
corn was the regulating factor. Receipts were
246 cars, and 47.839 bushels ■ were taken from
store. There were practically no exports at the
seaboard. September oats closed a sbade higher.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 340 cars.
FLAX— Steady. Old Northwestern cash sold at
72Vic. which was the closing price: new North
western, spot and to arrive. 71c; September, 71®
7114 c; December, 74c. Receipts were 73 cars.
PROVISIONS— Here, as on yesterday, was
where the interest centered and where action was
to be seen. It differed greatly from that which
was noted yesterday in that the advance met with
a positive check before it had fully found its speed.
Shorts started in to cover at the lap of the bell at
the 'opening and for the first fifteen minutes it
looked as though another rise of material propor
tions was in store. There were, however, brokers
in the pit with selling orders in profusion, and
af er the initial advance of about 25c $ barrel in
pork had taken place, these orders came on the
market with irresistible force, carrying the price
for September down about $1 25. From this point
there was a steady recovery, but the snap bad dis
appeared and trade showed no excitement. Lard
and ribs advanced in sympathy with pork and he'd
the gain firmly. September pork closed 40c lower,
September lard 10(tj>r^-V<|C higher and September
ribs 6c higher.
BUTTER— A fair business was transacted In the
butter market to-day and the feeling was strong.
Creameries— Extras, 14^c; firsts, 12y2©lH%c:
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, fancy, 10@ilc.
Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, lO^c: seconds, 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9^(cl>loc; firsts, B@BV £ c; packing
stock, 7(d)7yjC. .
EG us— Receipts were free and the demand lim
ited. The feel ng was easy at prices last quoted.
.Fresh stock sold at 9%@10c V dozen.
MONK)— Was firm t(a-~% on lime loans. .New
York, exchange sold at $1 10 discount.
Cloning Prices.
WHEAT— August. 67% c: September, 68s/gc;
December, 60% c.
CORN— Aueust. 24» > 4@24%c: September. 25Vi@
26s/ 8 c; May, 28% c.
OATS— September. 18y 8 @18»4c; May, 203/ic.
PORK— September. #6«6; January, $7 35.
LA Kl>— September, S3 50; January, S3 Bv!y a .
lUitb— bepiemDer, 93 57%; January, S3 67%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Cut, August 5.—
The demand for cattle to-day was brisk. ; The sup
ply was only moderate and prices were firm.
Offerings of hogs were light. Everything was dis
posed of at strong to 10c higher prices. Sheep
and lambs were steady. rW|rW|
CATTLK— Receipts. 7500. Fancy beeves. 94 60
@4 65: choice 10 crime, 1300 to 1800 ft) steers,
94 35rd)4 66; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1700 tt>.
*4 10(0)1. 30; medium steers, 1100 to 350 &>. $3 90
to 4 05: common to fair steers. 950 to 1200 lbs.
$3 30® 3 85: rouxh Western steers, 92 90(q)
3 40: leeders, 900 to 1200 Jb, »3@3 76: stocker,,
500 to 875 tb. $2 60@3 60; bulls, choice to ex
tra, 9'J 80@3 26: bulls, poor to choice, 91 75
©2 75; cows and heifern, extra.- S3 Vs®4;
cows, fair to choice, 92 30@3 70: cows,
common to falrcanners. $1 *Jb@2 25: calves, good
to choice, $5 IC(5>5 40: calves, common to good,
$3 su@s 00: Texas grass steers. $2 40@3 10:
Texas cows and bulls, $1 5092 50; Western rang
ers, $2 65@)80.
UOUS— Receipts. 14,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, 93 0503 45: common to choice
mixed, 93 15@3 55: choice assorted, 93 66®
3 65: light, $3 30<§*3 65: pics, 92 9003 65.
BH KKP— Receipts. 12,000. interior to choice,
42(g8 26: lambs, $3 *6 70.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. ■'. V. t Aug. Porter Bros.
Company sold to-day at open auction: Pears—
BartleCts, $1 5&@2 05 9 box. Nectarines, 65c@
$1 75 * half crate. Grapes— Fontainbleau, 91 20@
160 "Q half crate. Prunes— Tragedy, $I@l 55 $
half crate. Plums— Duanes, $1 25@1 80 fk
half crate. Peaches— Orange Clings, $1 20 9 box;
Fosters, 60c@$l 10; Deckers, 76c@91 05; Clings,
95c@l: Crawfords, 60c@$l.
CHICAGO. 111., Aug. The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at the following prices
In the Union auction to-day: Prunes— Gros,
$1 25@1 40 * half crate; German. $1 25 $ half
crate; Robe de Sargent. 70c %& quarter crate.
Plums- Victoria, $110 V half crate: Columbia,
95c@t125; Purple Duane, $1; Washington, 70®
80c. '
NEW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been steady at 1 Vi@2y 3 v ; 7ast
loan at 2% and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercan
tile paper. 6%%. Bar silver, 68% c Mexican dol
lars, 53 9-18@&48 / 4a Sterling Kxcnan*e is dull but
firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 88
@4 88V* or sixty days and 91 89@4 8914 for de
mand. Posted rates, $4 88y @4 89%. Commercial
bills, $4 «7@4 87%. Government bonds easier;
State bonds dull, railroad bonds lower. silver at
the board was neglected. .
Closure stocks.
Am Tel & Cable.... 89 Norfolk A Westrn. 4%
Atchlson 10% Preferred. . 934
Preferred.... 16Vi Northern Pacific. 6
Adams Express.. ..l4s Preferred. ..11
Alton. Terre Haute 64 Northwestern...... . 92»/.
American Express)o6 Preferred ...... .148 *
AmerlcanTODacco. b7 . N. Y. Central..;.... 90i*
Preferred 88 N.Y.,Chicago<fcS.JL 10
Bay State Ga5...... 16' Ist preferred 66
Baltimore A. Ohio.. 15% *d preferred 211*
Brunswick Lands. . %N. Y.& N. H.... 161
Buffalo, Koch <& P. 10 N. Y. & New Eng. 35
Canada Pacific... 67 IN. V.. Susq <fe W... 714
Canada Southern.. 43% Preferred.....-....' 18
Canton Land....... 60% 0ntari0............. lli£
Central Pacific 13 Ontario <& Western 12
Ches. & 0hi0....... i 2% Oregon Improvmnt y.
Chicago Alton 14P,, Preferred.........—
Preferred ....J7O . Oregon Navigation .10
Chicago, B. Q.... 60% Oregon Short, Line. 10
Chicaeo&E. H1... 39% I'aciflcMall.. 17/Vfc
Preferred..'.. .... 95 Peorla, D. & Evan* lit
Chicago Gm. ......: 60Va Plttsbnr? <& W. pfd IS
Cleve<& Pittsbnrg..l64 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142
Consolidation Coal. 30 Quicksilver...;'...;, li',
Consolidated Ga5. .141 Preferred. . 18
C. C. C. <& St. Louis 22 Reading...... ' 10
Preferred..... 72 KloQrand'eiWes'tn 15
Colo. Fuel <& Iron.. 17 I Preferred. - 40
Preferred.... 80 Kock Island.. 54
Cotton Oil Cert .... 9 Rom«\Vat<feOgden.llo
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L.&B. W. - 8 :
Dei. Hudson.. 117% Preferred......... 7 it
Del.Lack&Westrn.l49 St. Paul ... ... 66%
Denver &B. G..... lOVi! Preferred. ;.:..;.. 12OVs
Preferred 40V* St. Paul & Duluth. 22
Distillers..... lOVi Preferred.;....... 87
General Electric... 23V4JSt. Paul & Omaha. 82W
Erie. .............. l 2*/4 Preferred ....... 115
Preferred 27% St. P. M. *M . 107
Fort Wayne 162 (Silver Certificates'. - 68%
Great Northern pfdlos ■« Southern Pacific... 17%
Green Bay % Southern B. 8..... 7
Harlem. ...........294 Preferred. ........ > 19%
Hock ng cow ,%6u(tar Refinery ....102a,i
Hocking Valley.... 14% Preferred...;:..;. 96 *
Homestake. 34 Term. Coal 4 Iron. 15%
H Texas Cent.;'. Preferred. .. 80
Illinois Central 89% Texas Pacific"" 6
Jowa Central....... 6 Tol.A.A.ds N.Mich.-
-Preierreo.......:. 22 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas & Texas... 9Vi Preferred........; 60
Preferred 18% Tol.St. Louis* 6
KinzsionA Pern... 3 Preferred. 6V
Lake Erie & Westn l4Vi|Onion Paclnc' :'.'. s*/.
Preferred.....;.... 61 .U. P. Den A doif!. I*£
Lake Shore ....... 139 .O. S. Coraace. 3$
National Lead 18»/ 4 Preferred. *; 6?!
Preferred......... tfl | Qutranteed ....;. 18^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM, THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 189 G.
Lone 151 and.'..'..:.. 68 ■ U. S. Express 40 ■
I Louisville & Nash.: 42«/ 4 i:.». Leather ..... 6Mi
j Louisville. Nads Cn 614 Preferred....-.....' 47y 8
Preferred......... 12V 2 U.S. Rubber.....;. 15%
Manhattan Consol. 86Vi Preferred......... 70
Memphis <& Charts. : 15 . TJtica &B. River.. 150 ■
Mexican Central... 28 ■ Wab. b. L. & Pac. 5■ .'
Michigan Central.. : 92 1 Preferred 18
Minn* a L.. ......—— Wells-Farg0........ 90
Preierred Western Union.... 77%
Minn & St. L com.. 12 Wisconsin Central. lV a
Ist preferred...... 60 . Wheeling &L. E.. 6y 8
preferred....;. 36 Preferred......... 23%
Missouri Pacific.. 18»/« Am Cotton Oil pKL 40
I Mobile Ohio 15 W. U. Beef 6%
Nashville <fe Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor ........ 6
National Linseed.. 14V 3 Preferred......... 19
N. J. Central....... 91% Brooklyn Traction. 19%
Nortn American... , 3% Erie 2d pfd.. 14
. '■', CLOSING BONDS.
V B4s,reelstered.\lo6V4lM KT2d5..... 60
Do 45.c0up0n....107 Do 45...... "' 77%
0 8 4s new, regstrdll2% Mutual Union 65.. .108
Do 4s, coupon.. N J Cent Gen 65... 112
Do ?5.... ........ 93 Northern Paolsts. 110%
i>oss .10984 D02d5...« 110
Jo 6s. coupon.... 109% Do lids .'..... 64
Cherokee 4a, 1898.100 Northwost Consols.l 39
Do 18»7......;...101) Do deb 65.... 106
Do 1898 10a O R N lsts. 106
Do 1899 ....100 StL<felronMtGen 5s 70
Pacific ris of "95.... St L.& S F Gen 6s. 108
DC 3-658 ......... 109% St Paul C0n5015. ...124
Ala Class A 45.... 100 St PCA Pa 15t5...11l
Do Class B 4, 55.. 100 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
La Consol 45....... 93 Southern RR 55... 81
Missouri funding. :■' Texas Pacific lsis. 77
N Carolina con 65.. 115 Texas Pacific 2ds. . 16
D 045.... ...95 Union I'ac lsts 96. 100
So Carolina 4%5... 95 West Shore 4b...... 100%
Term new 3s 77% Mobile <fc Ohio 45.. 55 ,
Va funding debt... 60 R Grande West lsis 88
Do registered — ' Ches 4 Ohio 5a... .103
. Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnison 45........ 72 '
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do2d» A......... 31%
Canada South 2ds.. 100 GH4 8 A 65. .....101
Cen Pac lsts of ' 96. 98 Do2d7s 98%
Den &R G Ist... 109 H * Tex Cent 65. . 102
Do4s 86 i Do con 65......... 102
Krleiids ....... 68% Reading 4s 71%
Kansas Pa Consols 67% Missouri o*. 100
Ka Pa lsts lien vll 0 'Alabama, class C. 95
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. En's., Aug. 6.— The spot market
Is firm at 6s sd@ss 6d. Cargoes steady at 26s lyid,
sellers, prompt shipment. ,
. FUTtTBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: - Aug
ust, 4s lid; September, 4s ll%d: October, 4s
ll%d; November. 6s; December, 6s %d.
■ SECURITIES.
LONDON, Ens., Aug. 6-— Consols, 113 6-16;
silver, 31% d; French Rente*. lOlf 47% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — nominal
Sterling Exchange, sight. — . nominal
Sterling Cables.. *. — nominal
New York Exchange, sight. — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic — nominal
Fine Silver, jounce...... — 68V.
Mexican Dollars — 64
WIIIH'IW'ID'iM 1 '! •
PEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— market is off again 'and very
weak at the decline. The shippers nave greatly re
duced purchases. No. 1. 938/ 4 t095c V ctl; choice,
9tiV*c; lower grades. 87V-3&U2V3C; extra choice
for milling, *l(a,l 10 ft cv.
CALL BUASD SALES).
Ijjfobmai. session— o'clock— December—
1000 tons 97% c.
second ion— 10:16 o'clock— December—
1600 tons, 'j71.0c. rtltesjw
Rkgclab MoKNisa Session— December— 6oo
tons, 97yac.
afternoon Session— iJecember — "200 tons,
97% c
BAULKY— Brewing continues to ' decline and
Feed is weak We quote .Feed, 62y a @67Vfec: Brew
ing, 7i!%@77fciC.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Skssiox — 10:16 o'clock— No sales.
liF.Gui.AK Mobkiks December— 2oo
tons, t-si-. .
Afternoon Session — No sales. •
OaTS— New Oats are selling at 72y s @80c: Old
milling, 85@90c '# ctl: iancy feed, 9O@92i<t,c
V ctl: eood to choice, 82%@90cj common to fair,
7-JV2@77i/ c; Gray, 80@8^^|C: surprise, 9Bc@
91 02%.
CORN— Is weak and very dull. Large Yellow,
87V 2 @95c ft cti: Small Bound do, 96(g,9BVic;
While, 77ii>@82y a c «> ctL
BYE— 7 -.i- (g.7 "f> ctl for old and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85@95e 9 CO.
FLOUR AND MILXSTUFF3.
FLOUR— -Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 60@3 70 $ bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40@8 50;
supernne, «2 75@3.
COKSMEAL ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 60@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 ft tqn.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, *- 10;
Rye Flour, 2 Vic; Rice Flour. 584 c: Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, 2%c: Oaimeal,92 90: Oat
Groats. 3%e: Hominy, %i 10(a,:< 30: Buckwheat
Flour, *3 lo@3 30; Cracked Wheat, - 23,4 c; Fa
rina, 3y 8 c: hole Wheat Flour, $2 30;, Rolled
Outs, 3V 2 c; Pearl Barley, SYaC; Split I'eas, $3 20;
Green do, Si 10. ■ ■
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— for the bast and $12@12 50 ft
ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $15@13 3) ton for lower grade*
and $17@18?. ton for the best.
FK.DHTUFFs Rolled Barley, $15: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, 821 ft ton: jobbing, $22.
HAY —No further change. Wheat, $7@10:
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $6 50($8; Barley,
$6@7 60; River Barley. $4 50@5: Alfalfa, $5 50$
6 50 for second and $4 60(g»."> for first cutting:
compressed, $6@S; stock, $4@6; Clover, «5 50®
7 60.
STRAW— 3O@4Oc ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Bayos, 90@97%c; Small Whites, $1®
1 15 * ctl; Pea, $I@l 20 * otl; Large Whites,
90c(fi,$l 07 Va ? ctl; Pink, 70@80c-.Keds, «1&)
•1 15: Blaclceye, $1 16@1 40: Red Kidney, 90c;
Limas, $2(<£2 40; Butters, $I@l 40.
SEEDS- Brown Mus ard, SI 60@l 75 "$ ctl;
Trieste, $2 25@v! 76 * ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 60@l 75; Flax, sl 70@l 80; Canary, 2«/ic
» Ib: Alfalfa. 7y2@9VaC * ii>; Rape, 2y c* it.;
Hemp, 3y 2 c $tb.
DRIED PEAS— 25@1 40 V ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 60 for Green. >
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Quiet and unchanged. Sweet
Potatoes are quotable at 2@3c f, Ib: Garnet
Chiles, 50@65 c $ ctl; Early Rose, 35@45c 9 ctl ;
Burbank Seedlings, 35@45c $ ctl for Rivers and
75@86c for Salinas.
ONIONS— 40@50c Ctl.
VEGETABLES— Hreen Com is lower. Pickles
are higher. Other kinds show little change. New
Marrowfat Squash, lc 9 U>; Green Corn. 25@85c
$ sack: Alameda Corn, $1 25@1 75 V crate;
Berkeley Corn, 50@75c $ box; summer squash,
15@25cfor Bay; Efcg Plant, 40@50c "$ large box:
Tomatoes, 40@60c tor Rivers and 10®25c for Va
caville; Alameda Cucumbers, 10@25c %i box;
Pickles, 1%« * Ib for No. 1 and 60@75 » ctl for
No. 3: Green Peppers. 26@35c large box for
Chile and 40@75c "$ box for Bell; Green Peas, 2@
2Vocf* Ib for Garden: String Beans. 60c@$l $
sack for common and 2@2y 2 for garden; 1.1 mas.
4@sc; Green Okra, 50@76c 9 box; Cabbage. 40c
%» ctl; Carrots, 25@30c %* sack ; Garlic, y 2 (0,2 c%i Ib.
. BUIXKR, tUI.ESK AND £GGS.
BUTTER— Some dealers are shading the quota
tions and the market is hardly as firm.
Ckeamkky— Fancy, a«c, with sales at an ad
vance*, seconds, 17@19c ?> In. -
Dairy— Fancy," 17V2@18c V, Ib: good to choice,
15Vi@16y s c: lower grades, 13@15c, .
Pickled— l7@lßc ¥ Ib for creamery and 15@17c
for dairy. '. -■ • . -■ H 'S*«lsSfiHHß
. Fikkin— l4@?6c $ Ib.
t'REAHEBY 1 ÜB— l7@2oc * ft. '... -
■. CHEESE— Fancy mild new is quotable at 8y 3 (3
9c 5* Ib; common to good, 6Vq@ic: Cream Ched
dar, 10@llc: Young America, 9@loc '$ tb; \\fcst
ern, H)(g 1 lc; Eastern, ll@l3c.
EGGS— There are said . to be large shipments of
Eastern en route, drawn hither by the marked ad
vance in prices. Eastern. lo@16c; store Eggs, 12
@15c for poor and 16©17yjc for good; ranch Eggs,
20@25c; cold-storage ranch, 17@18c; Duck Eggs,
16@17c. , .
POULTBY AND GAME,
POULTRY— is still considerable Eastern
on the market at 13@15c $ Ib for 'Turkeys, $3 for
Ducks, $5 2&@5 75 for Hens, $5@5 50 for young
and old Roosters and $2 50@3 for Broilers. .
Local stock continues dull i and weak. ; Live Tur
keys, 13©14 c $ Ib for Gobblers, 12@13c for Hens:
young Turkeys, ' 1 5@17c ■ ' ft' Ib; Geese,' 9r - pair,
; Goslings, $I@l 50; Ducks, $2 50(33 ft dozen
for old and $2 50@4 for young:: Hens. $3 50@
4 50: Roosters, young, $4@4 50: do, old. $4@4 60;
Fryers, $8 60@4; Broilers, $2 60@3 for large ana
$1 5032 tot small; Pigeons, $1 ' 26(31 50 $ dozen
for young and old.
GAM Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— .
Changes were Insignificant. , .
Red Nectarines, 60@75c; '• White. 25040 c $ box
and $20 "ft ton. - - i>iimiUfW»w>**iEiiHiioimnf >» I
Peaches, 15@36c $ box, 20@40c D basket; $10
017 ft ton for trees and $20 for clings. ,-■■■-■
Plums,' 30@40c ¥* box and 35@80c f, crate;
White in bulk, .$ lO@2O V- ton; colored are not want
ed b>- the canners; 'Japanese . Plums, 25@40c;
Prunes, 40@N0c. • . ' ■■■•'.■",.. .■-.■■".' . •
.'Apples, 7 sc@sl 9 box for choice and ■ 40@60c
for common. '- : ■"-*.'■ ' v% ' . ' '
- Crabapples, 2S@4oc 9 box.
Pears. 2Ufa>4oc ¥ box ; Bartletts, 20@50c « box
and $10@18 irt ton. ' :■■■■ ■".-.-.■ -- ■- :
Figs. 40@60c ft box for white and $1 25@2 for
black, double layers. -
BERRIES— '
Strawberries, $2@3 60 9 chest (or Long worths
and $1 60@2 for large berries.
Raspberries $3 60@5 9 chest.
Blackberries. $2@3 chest.
• GRAPES— Black- Grepes are' quotable at 50@
60c: MiiMCHts, 3:"i@«oc-. Sweet waters and Fontalne
bleaux, 25@50c box and 35@60c ft 1 rate. v '
MELONS— Watermelons," *B@l3 % 100; Canta
loupes, $1 25@3 9 crate; -Nutmegs, $1 25@1 60
%1 box. : - ->:■-■. -.--■- ;,-_>.-,:,■".■ .■•■ ■ ■_.■:,,:-—  .-.-.i-..
--» CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $3@3 50 "$> box for
Valenclas . and $2 50@3 f> box for Mediterranean
Sweets :*Lemons,^sl6o@2 60 $ box for common
and $3@4 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $8 50
* box: California Limes, 75c@$l: Bananas, $I@2
,* bunch; Pineapples, *2@3 50 %* dozen.
DRIED : FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— /.Ja''
;• Prices for new Peaches have been established.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
■ ■'. Carload Lots- Apricots, eya®* »» f.
o. b., coast. Old Prunes. 3c: new Prunes, 3y a c:
new Peaches, 4y a c f, mm the sweat-box and 6c I.
Joßßtsro Pricks— New Apricots, sVfe@6%c:old
evaporated Apples, 4yjC V Ib: old Prunes. 3c for
tour sizes; Figs, black. B&o: • White Figs, 3@sc «
tt>: Plums, 3V»<a4c for pitted and l@l%c for un
plttea- .Nectarines, 4@sc * Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno- • Four-crown, loose, none: S-crown,
loose, none- 2-crown, 2%c 3 H>; seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c 9 box: cluster*.'*! 36@1 60: Dehesaclus
ters. $2 10@2 25- Imperial clusters, $2 bO@2 75.
Jobbing Pbices— Four-crown, loose, 4Vic: > 3
crown, 3»4c- 2-crown, 33/ c $ Ib. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c % ft- Seedless Muscatels, 3c: 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters. $2 75.
i Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
lie lor No. 1 hard and ll@l3c Ib for paper-shell.
Jobbing lots; Almonds. 6®7y 2 c V Ib for ■ Lan
euedoc, 2V«®3c *! Ib for hardshell ana S@loc
* Ib : for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, ■ 6@«y a c
<P Ib for Eastern and for California: Tllcic
ory Nuts, s@6c- Pecaus, 6c for rough: and 8c for
polished; filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc 9 tb:
Cocoanuts, $4@6 * 100. . ._,
HONEY— Comb, 10@12y 2 for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s@sV2<-*:
light amber extracted, 4V4@4%< ! ; aark amber, 4@
*Vie; dark, 2@3c *$, Ib. -
BEESWAX^-25@27y * tb.
PROVISIONS. ,
CURED ME ATS— Bacon , Is . quotable at 6y»o
for heavy, 71/jjc V tb for light medium. 9@9V a o
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
curea; Eastern Suzar -cured Hams, 12®12y a c:
California Hams, jU@llc ■» Vb: Mess Beef, $7
@8; extra mess do. $8; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear, $13 f bbl;
mess. $11 50© 12 $ bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c ? tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 4V4c f. Ib
for compound and 6Vic for pure; palls, be V Ib;
Calirornia tierces, 4y a c or compound and syac for
pure: ha'.f.bbls, o*Ac; 10-tti tins, 6Vic; do 6-lt»,
6Vac * Ib. .
COTTOLENE— 6y«®S%c In tierces and 6Vi@
6%c %4 ib in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
. HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7 fa 7'• «<• 9 B>; culls and brands,
6@6y 3 c p. Ib: medium, 6@6VgC ?t Ib; culls and
brands, 5@5y 2 c ft Ib; light, sc; culls and brands,
•C: Cowhides, ,-i(a.{>ya<": culls and brands, 4(&4V 1! c-,
salted Kip, 5c > tb; salteaCalf, 7@Bc; salted Veal,
6c: dry Hides, ioy 2 @llc; culls and brands, 8@
By e: dry Kip and Veai, B@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf,
16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium, 15®
25c: winter, 7@loc; sheepskin.-,, shearlings,
each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40®
60c each; long wools, 50®60c each. Culls of ail
kinds about y a c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3V4c; No. 2,
2%c: refined, 6i/ 2 c: Grease. 2Vic Ib.
WOOL— Humboldt and Menuocino, 10@llc ii Ib:
Valley Oregon, 10@llc; do lower grades, B@loc 1i
Ib; Nevada, B@Bygc: San Joaquln and South
ern Coast, six months, 4®6c: ban Joaquin, foot
bill, good to choice, 6y2@7yac: San Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4@sy c; northern tree, 7fg»9c: do defec
tive, s®by 2 c *f> Ib.
HOPc>-Noniinal at 2@4c ¥ Ib for 1895 and 6@
7y a c for 1898. _______
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.'
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags are lower, dull and
weak $4 26; San Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y a
®26y a c. '
COAL— Wellington. $8 ton; New Wellington,
$8 :$ ton; south field Wellington, $7 60 ft ton;
Seattle, $o@5oO: Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $7; Scotch. $7 60; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $13 60 ft ton In bulk and $16 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 ft ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9: Can el, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coko,
$11(o;1j in bulk and $13 9 ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western nugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net' cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c:
Powdered, &3/ 8 c: Fine | Crushed, 6 %c; Dry Granu
lated,4%c; Confectioners' A. i%o; Magnolia A,
43/ c; Extra C, 4Vic; Golden C,' 4ysc: half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes V2O- more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: . '
BEEF— First quality. 4y 2 @f>c; second do, 4@
4Vic; third do. 3y a c * Ib.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, s@6c ft Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, 4y a ®sc: Ewes, 4@4y 2 c
¥ Ib. -
LAMB— s®syac IB St.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3c * Ib for large and 31/2 C
for email and medium: dressed do, 4Vi@5V£C >. Ib
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOTTRS.
Flour, sits. ... 86.656 8 utter, ctls 82
Oregon l,sl2K'heese. ct15.;.... 260
Wheat, ct15...... 2,517 Eggs, doz ....... 3,870
Barley.ctls 6,763 Hides, n0........ 250
Oats, ct15:.,..... 1,710 Pelts, bd15....... 30
Oregon 2,36!) Wine, gals. 85,000
Beans, 5k5.:..... , 3,768 Wool, bis. 14
Potatoes, sks..:. . 4,7c;0 0reg0n...... 3
Onions, 5k5...:.. 1,215 Lim**, bb15. ...... 240
Middlings, ska... 20 Tallow, 9
Bran, 5k5.;.;.... -1,178 Leather, r0115.... 20
Hay, tons. ..:.... ,• 680 Lumber, M feet- 20
Straw, t0n5...... 30 Chicory, k01a.;.. 50
":" : • — *> — • ■ '. ■ "■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph Maristany Jr. to Mary E. Edwards
(widow), lot on W line of Goush street, 103 -lw,
N of Post. N 16:10Viby W 137:6; also lot on W
line of (iongh street, 120 N of Post, N 17:6 by W
137 :»; 810.
D. C. and Margarette C. Bane to W. J. Whitney
and Mrs. May A. Haley (undivided one-half each),
lot on N line of Herman street, 197:6 E of Web
ster. B 25 by N 137:6: *10.
X'ehr F. and Lucy T. West to W. S. Upham, lot
on H line of I'lne street, 87:6 W of Pierce, W 42
by R 137:6; $10.
Letltla Rountree to Minnie L. Hatch (wlte of F.
A.), lot on W line of Central avenue (Lou), 100 S
of Hal-ht, 525b7 W 112:6: 810.
Thomas and Catherine Fanning to John W. But
ler, lot on s line of Oak streA, 131 ;3 E of Clayton,
E2sby S 137:6: $20.
Nellie B. and James W. Benchley to Mathilda
Anderson, lot on W line of Parker avenue, 150 S
of Point Lobo.i avenue, S 26 by W 136, lot 3, block
1, Johnson Tract: $10.
Kliza A Greer (administratrix of the estate of
Isaac Greer). to Frits Ilahn and F.l.ler Bohlmann,
lot on SE line of Park Lane north. 322 SW of sec
ond street, BW 33, E 97:6. NE 23, NW 97:6:
94000.
Henry William Knoll to Wallace E. Hyde, lot
on W line of Carolina street, 66:8 N of Yolo, N
33:4 by W 100; $10.
Joseph D. Flaherty to Charles Maglnnls, lot on
NE corner of Lake street and Tenth avenue, N 36
by E 120: $10.
Antoine aud Grade Borel to Anna Dlxon (wife
of Frank A.), lot on W line of Eleventh avenue,
125 S of Lake sireet, S 25 by W 120: $10.
San Francisco Land Company to Cornelia C.
Powers (wife of G. H.), lot on X line of California
street. 32:6 W of Thirteenth avenue, W 25 by N
100:.$10.
Harry W. Knoll to Frederick A. Lels»r, lot on E
lne of Eighteenth avenue, 204 Not California
street, N 81 by E 120; $10.
Same lo same, lot on W line of Twentieth ave
nue, 231 -N of California street, N 50 by W 120;
$10.
Brilsford P. and Gertrude Flint to Walter
Young, lot on W line of Twenty-fourth avenue,
215:4 N of B street, N 100 by W 120: $10
Walter Young to Bank of British Columbia,
same; $10.
Louis J. Trautman to Sarah Giles, lot 199, Gift
Map 3: $800.
John Drachbar to Ellen F. and Frank T. Barris,
lot o" Nf. line of Laidley street, 450 SE of Har
per, SE 26 by NE 100, block 20, Fairmount Tract;
»10.
ATjAMKDA COUNTY. ■ ' .
B. H. Madison and S. B. Peterson (trustees
estate William . F. Witzemaim) to Eniilie W. C.
Wltzemann, undivided one-eighth of lot 6, block
18, property of Berkeley Villa Association, Berke
ley; $5. •■■ ■ .( :•■- ■ ■ ■-•: ."■-■ -■■- ■ ■.•-. '.=:■■.. ' ■■■■■ ■ '
Nicholas F. P. Wltzemann .to same, undivided
one-eighth of same, two pieces, Berkeley; $1500.
Jacob W. Sperb to Charles Helmke and Joseph
R. Kaelin. lot on 8 line of Brown or Thirty-fourth
street, 369:614 E of Grove, H 50 by S 100.55, be
ing lot 34, Collins Tract; also lot on B line of
Brown or '1 hirty-fourth street, 619:614 E of
Grove, E 50 oy B 100.55, being lot 37, Collins
Tract, Oakland; $10. • ,'."'"
W. H. and Frances Macklnnon to L. A. Raleigh,
lot on se line of Thirteenth avenue, 75 NE of
Kast , Fifteenth street, NE 50 by SE 75, block 65,
Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
• Vivian G. Finch to Mabel E. Plummer, lot on
NE line of Fast Fifteenth street, 50 NW of
Twenty-second avenue, KW 25 by NE 140, being
lot 10, block 24 San Antonio, East Oakland; gift.
Joseph Schneider to : Mary T. Kirk (wife of Wil
liam), lot 2, map of Grand View Terrace, Oakland
Towiishlo, quitclaim deed: $300. „"„
Mountain View Cemetery Association ■to Emll
Hurtzlg. the £%»' lot 211, in plat 12, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $16.;.: :-*■ .:.
; : Pauline Poirson to Mary Buckley, lot on S cor
ner of Baker avenue and lot 29 of J. Levi Sr.
Tract; NE 150, SE 421.31, SW 150, NW 416.10 to
beginning, being lot 29 arid SW 30 feet of lot 30,
J. Levi Sr. Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10. l.;v
J. H. and L. s. N. Young to G. T. Selms, lot on
SE comer 1 of Buena Vista avenue ana Willow
street, E 33 by S 105:2, block 18, lands adjacent
to Enclnal. Alameda: $10. ■ ,
Frederick and Anna ;C. Bammann *to Ida C.
Johnson, lot on 8 line of Buena Vista avenue. 140
E of Willow street, E 30 by S 160:2. being the E
10 feet of lot 16 and W 20 feet of lot 16, block 18,'
lands adjacent to Encinal, subject to a mortgage
for $900, Alameda; $10. . «• ;* A
Charles D. and Ellen N. Pierce to A. H. Rogers,
lot on 8 line of Nolan or Thirty-third ; street,
319:614 E of Grove, E 50 by S 170, being lot 10,
Collins lract, Oakland; $10.
• Alice s.. Blake to i ßoberta* A. Bulkley. lot on 8
line of Albion street, 280 W of Telegraph • avenue,
W 60 by 8 142:2%. being the W 20 feet of lot 29
and E 30 feet of lot 30, Alden Tract. Oakland; $10.
' - J. A. and Cora H. Mackenzie to Thomas J. • and
Mary J. Walsh. . lot on W line of -Linden street,
56:8 N of Fony-fourth street. N 30 by W 90.
being portion of lot v, block 2106. Alden Tract, at
Teruescal, Oakland Township; i $10. , ' • ■ >
John H. and Arlanna WLltham to Jay V. Law
reno». lot on SW corner of Blake and Fulton
streets, W. 50 by 8 185. being portion of lot , 1,
SteeleTrac:. Berkeley:? $10. < .-■•-- »
■ J. C. Hol.oway to Thomas J. and Mary J. Walsh,
lot commencing at a point * In cenler of Temescal
Creek, , 165 r N from * North .. Forty-eighth . street,
thence up center of : Temescal Creek jso far as to
represent fifty feet : in a straight line parallel with
Shattuclc street, thence E to West Shattuck street,
60 w to beginning, being portion of . lot S, block
2121, Alaen Tract at Temescal; also lot on W line
of Sbattuck street, at tne intersection of line divid
ing lots 5 and 6,' block 2121, Alden Tract, thence
W i 22:3, S 25, X 130, N 26:2 to beginning, besne
portion of lot 6, block 21111. sa>»e: also lot on W
line of Cypress street, 32 S of Fiftee-nth, W 74 by
-S 33, belns portion Of block 582 B, Bagge Tract,
Ouk'and; $10.
Ora^e W. Pike to Mable R. Rose, lot beginning
at a point in N boundary line lot 14, V nlversity
Terrace, 50 NE from NW corner of said lot 14,
thence 160 to stake No. 25 in center line of 1 an
onimlc way. thence NW 100, NW ISO E \WO to
beginning, being portion of lots 12. 14, 15, in Uni
versity Terrace, Berkeley ; gift.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Rose^E. Has
son, lot on SE line of Viola street, 175 SW of
Allendale avenue, SW 25 by SE 100, being lo: Zs,
block 8, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $76.
Mary Knox to Mariana J. Tavares (undivided
half), Joseph G., Antonio G. and Ruflno B. la
vares (undivided one-sixth each), lots 8 and a.
map of L. Knox Trnct, bfirig portion of Rancho
San Leandro, Eden Township; $10.
Fred G. and Ella B. Weston to George W. Aus;
tin, lot on .\ line of Thirty-second street. 110:9 \v
of Linden. W 25 by N 100. being lot 31, fciock 676,
Glascock Tract. Oakland: SlO.
Joshua R. Mead (trustee, etc., et al.) to Dennis.
Holland, lot on S line of Mead avenue, 176 W of
I San Pablo avenue. W 50 by » 125.70, being lots 57
I and 58, Mead Park, Oakland; $10.
| Charles Toung to Paul D. Mowell, lots 2 and 3,
j blor-k 3, Saii Antonio, Rast Oakland; $10.
! Hetty T. Henshaw (wife of W. U., by attorney)
| and Jnne F. Martin (wife of J. W.) to Annie Bish
op, subdivision 7 in lot 28, Glen Echo Tract, -Map
! 3. being a res ubdi vision of lots 10, 16. 18, '^8, 29,
i 36 to 38. Glen Echo Tract, Map 1. Oakland Town
shp: fpl.
Dorothea Rosenberg to Jennie Mann, lot 4,
block B, State University Homestead Associa
tion, No. 3, Berkeley; $10.
Clara A. Cook (wife oi Jesse) to Felix Marcuse,
lot on SW corner of Broadway and Clement aye.,
S 100 by W 100:2, Alameda; $10.
John X and Annie Fischer to Joseph Branden
stein, lot on 8 line of Santa Clara aye., 116.04 E of
Caroline, E 7, S 28.25, W7, N 28.44, being the B
7 feet lot 2, block B, Vlscher Tract, Alameda: $10.
Jonathan L. White to Agnes M. Lawless, lot on
W line ot Second avenue or Fifth street, 138:6 S
of Santa Clara avenue, S 46:2 by W 141:6, t>elng
portion of plat 16a, Union in Park and Home
stead Association, Alameda: $10.
Joseph and Jane Brandensteln to John E.
Fischer, lot on E line of Caroline street, 81:63 8 of
Santa Clara avenue, S 6 by E 116, being portion
Of lot 3, block B, Visrher Tract, Alameda; $10-
Luther J. and Susan H. Ewell to Pauline Marsh,
lots 4, 6 and 6, block 51 , Northern Addition to
town of Llvermore, Murray Township; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
William H. Saunders with John B. Glunz. to
erect a two-story building on N line of Pine street,
171:10^2 W of Pierce, contractor architect;
$2950.
B. Huth with Henry Ernst, plumbing and gas
fitting for a three-story building on £ line of
Stockton street, 37:6 E of Union, De Prosse &
Meusdorffer architects: $640.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Wm Btrong, Robinson J T Camp, Sacramento]
Mrs J Bradley <fe eh, Cal Mrs I Donuels, Alameda
T G Schumacher, Cal Dr P N Trueworthy, Cal
C X Rohison <ft w, Cal Mrs A Stoll, Chicago
J E Pool & w. 111 C C Martin, Glenwood
T Conn, Sacramento E H Hart, >-acramecto
W G Cusflark, Cai A Bacon, Stockton
T Kenneay, Sacto B Fletcher, Cal
A Jackson, Cal C G Hightower, Cal
J A Lyons, Sacramento 11 L Ashmund. San Jose
Mrs Mason, sacto Miss Mason, Fresno
N Mason, Cal S H Smith, Sacramento
s W Gordan, Boston J X Sewall, Los Angeles
S P Grozler, Napa C A Dexter «fe w, Sedaiia
F B Raymond, San Jose M P Jackson, Fresno
W R Newton, Cal Mrs Reuquln, Vallejo
Miss Gillon, Vallejo F E Powers. Vallejo
Mrs E C Wooley, Cal L A Mclntosh, Chico
R T Jones, Chi. o J A Brent, Salt Lake City
V W Crysler, Detroit J R Patton & son, Cal
S B Tanner. Eureka T B Zain, Eureka
J A Anderson, (. al Miss Kate Forsyth, Cal
J F Gunery, Cal J M .Brigtts, Cal
Mrs N L ihurston, Cal Miss 51 Thuiston, Cal
|A D FlHeld <fe w, Cal P J Dubbee, New York
D W Burchard. Cal Marshall Pomeroy, (al
Mrs C Byrnes, Cal J R Hebbron, Salinas
U H Carlson, Wash Dr H S Uossage. Cal
A W Kee<:, Gardiner C Moltin, Point Reyes
H A Hellron, Sacramento F V > reenian, Petaluma
J Wolrlkl 1, Lob Angeles U r T Henn, Marysville
Mrs J Kethell, Sr.cto Miss McFeeney, Sacto
Mrs C Singleton, Sacto
BUSS HOUSE.
M Hammer, lone T Taylor, Utah
P W Keys, independence Mrs M M Wilbur, Chlo«go
C P Blodget. San Diego T P Peard. Virginia Ctt/
T H Cone. Eureke M T Martin, Montague
J \V Churchill, Yreka F H Long <S wf, Fresno
Major Pico, Oakland MrsWU Haskel&dr.Peta
M M Davis, Napa J Ivancovleh, Hanford
J T Bell, i oh Gatos Mrs A Butler, Humboldt
Miss M Holland, Sacto A E Beldpn, New York
Mr M Haney,SanMlc;uel J Miller & wf, San Jose
J W Scrojglns, Colusa A E Miller. St iielena
C E Weeks, St Helena C C Colombet, California
OL t. rane <fc wf, Ukiah DC McQultly&w.Nevada
JS McCleary.VlrginiaCy Mrs E sailer, Illinois
F X Ilobart,SacramentO A J Danelsen, Colorado
F Tate, Oroville J Tores & wf, Stockton
Miss A Dyer, uilroy T Diamond, Virginia City
A R Davis, Santa Rosa W H Mobby, Santa Rosa
Mrs C Goodwin, Lakeport A R Wright, Nevada
C J Hlldrette. Eureka H L Liavis, Salinas
HD\ewman<fcw.Mude*to W R Curtis, Si Helena
BFergusou<fcfy, Salt Lake U W Potter, Oregon
H A Moore, San Jose A H Fredsen, Tres Plnos
W J Calder, Tres Plnos J H Smitb, Sacramento
PALACE HOTEL,
Mrs C Aull, Folsom J J Guilck, New York
X Sebree, U 8 N J F Gilmore, London
Mrs M T S Robinson & Mrs R D Ruillns, Sulsun
son, Washington, D C Miss M i:ollinir,M ills Col
L M Rollins, Sulsun H J Detainer, Texas
E W Runyon, Red Bluff R Hone, Dublin
B s Radclifle, Dublin Dr H Graley, Austria
JSBobinsondtw, Hanford W X Townsend<tw,Conn
W T Townsend. Conn Miss Townsend. Conn
G Townsend, conn M Komi, Santa Clara
Mrs B Frankenheimer, Mrs L Kahn&fy.Uakdale
Stockton " P L Sherman. Chicago
S A Richmond, Illinois J B Singer, New \ ork
N S Mullln, St Barbara W G Higgins, Chicago
J M Daggatt, New York
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F Purlse, Sacramento W O'Rourke, Oakland
C Herman, Hay wards O Bersback, Chicago
X Ze^lner, Los Angeles C Bellcke <fi w, Loa Ang
Mrs F Young, Los Ang V Parke, N V
Mrs H McCaules-. C'hgo 8 Van Sycke), N V
Dr -Mcl.amauiugo & f,Mx V Ochoa, Mexico
C M Miller N V B Hobart, Chicago
11 Thurtell, Reno Miss James, Svattle
F C Mcrgan, Seattle Mrs B Scott, Portland
J Burns, Fresno H Lambert, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A A Gibson, Abbot Mine Patrick King, Ireland
H W Vims, Paso Kobles O B Northrup, N V
Mrs Pool, Port Townsend H Nathan, Los Anseles
R H White, Los Angeles J S Spra^ue, Laconea
J Mantle. d, Laconea C Dunbar, Victoria, B C
Henry Potter. Boston Mrs Gneafell dtd.Htocktn
J bchnieder.Vallejo Jctn Frank Cottole, San Jose
Manufactured Antiquities.
Wben it is remembered that during the
past half a century nearly every quarter of
Europe has been visited by hundreds and
thousands of tourists, all with the collect
ing instinct ncore or less strongly developed
it ought to occur to the man of average in
telligence that the stock of genuine relics
and antiquities has lons since been ex
hausted. It will interest many to know
that manufactured antiquities abound
wherever the traveler sets his foot.
In Italy, particularly at Kome,
this is especially the case. A few
years ago, when the Tiber was being
dredged for the recovery of certain works
of art which were supposfd to be buried in
the thicK strata of mud, a lot of vases,
fragments of statues and other "antique"
things were fished out and sold to tne con
riding tourist at fancy prices; the game
went on for a long time, until, indeed, an
extensive pottery for the manufacture of
ancient Roman and Grecian urns was dis
covered, and by this time the authorities
found out tnat the portions of statues were
the work of indigent sculptors. Three or
four years ago seventeen "Egyptian mum
mies" in the old Museum at Berlin proved
to be the bodies of fellows who, not so very
long apo. drank lager in the beer gardens
of the Fatherland.— Temple Bar.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1896.
8u. |Mo.|Tu. iW. Th. ft. Sa.j Moon's Phases
""■ * ■ J 1- /7*"\ Last Quarter.
j vi^v August 1. ,
2 345678/mj New Moon.
.?.; 10 11 12 13 14 16 Fta: Quarter
T— : . _ \JJ 'August 16-
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 — — .. M
_^_ __• <C^ - Full Moon.
__ — rr "~ ~ : — —r — — ss/ v August 22.
23 24 25 2«J 27 28 29 • _
l_i. _i. '-* __ _^ . /TMiBst Quarter. '
30 31 * > • •• •-• >: ; I >V :- Augnst 31
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Hydbosbafhic Officis, V. S. N., -»
Merchants' Kxchansk. V
San Franciaco. August 5. 1898. J
The time bail on Telegraph HIU was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly »i 0 r. v., Greenwich time,
A. F. i'KCHTKI.KR,
Llentenant U. s. N. in charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STKAMKR | DESTINATION-. 1 SAIL-*. | PIElt.
Colombia... Portland ...... Aug 6,10am Pier 24
JTarauon... laauloa Bay.. Auk. 6, 9am Pier 2
KnreK*.... N»WDOr. ...... Auk 7. tiiii Pier il
Araeo.v.'.... iao» Bar....... Ang,7.10Aii Pier 13 H
Walla Walla Vic * Una Aug 7. Oam Pier 9
San Bias.... Panama :...:: Aug 8,12 Ml P M S S
Beljflc*. ..::. China*; Japan A us '. 8, PM88
Iruclcee;::. coos Bay.'...:. Aug 8, Bpm '• Pier 8 '
Santa Rosa. ban Diego Auk 9 Ham Pier 11 .
Pomona..... uumboidtility Aug 9. liru Pier .*
State of CaL Portland.^.'.'.. A tig 11.10am Pier 21
•iPao:...... Nawoon -..„„ A us 11. Dam Pier 11
Hunoi. ....... Grays Harbor. Augll, 4pm Pier 2 :
Weeotc Eel Kiver .".... Augll. 6pm Pier IS
Cm»UUa. ... Vic db SnO Aug la. Sam Pier 9
Coiour..... Ban Diego ▲ualS.llAK pi«rll
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
mtkammr: I - KR'iM -|?jjr« •■:'.•
Alcatraz I Yaqulna Bay..... ..A.ug 6
Ciiv or Everett I Nanaimo ............ Au? 8
Crescent cur... Crescent City-.....;:... Aug 8
Trucke*. ;;...-.;. Coos Bay;... ...; Au * »
BantaKOMk. *an Ditto. .............. Aug 7
Cleone CrescentCity ..Aug 8
Umntllla.. ...... Victoria * Putret SoanU ..Aug »
State of Cal..... Portland.'....... ......... Aug 8
romona.. .:..... HnmOoiat Mar. ........ ..Aue 8
eunol.. .....;..„ Uravs Mnroor. Auk 8
StPaal..... Newport. ......~ ..Au< , 9
Peru China and Japan Ang 9
Weeott. ...... jfiet Kiver. .. "........... ..Auk 9
Ban Jose Central America.......: Auk 10
Newsboy.. Tillamook.". auk 10
Mackinaw ...... Xncoma. ..;.......... Aug 11
Corona.......... San Diego*. Aug 11
Empire M . Portland... ..Aug 11
North for*..... Humboldt Bay ......... ..Aust 12
Arago. •.:..;.;... Coos Bar...... Aug 12
ColumDla ....... Portland...... ........... ..Aug 13
Farallon.. Yaoulna Bay ........... ..Auk 13
Enrelca -.. Newport....... .Aug 13
l ltvof PueDla.. { Victoria & Fuse: Hounn ..Ans 13
City of Para.'. .. : Panama......:.......... ..Aug 13
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r P. COABT Al»t> GKODBTTO SnBVKT Ttt>!f)
BtrLXKTIW PPBLISHItD BY OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF THI StJPKRTSTKXDBST. * I
Thursd iv, August 6
ennrlSM ....... ... 5-161 loon rls«^ . ; . 2.03 am
Sunsets ....... .... ..7.14) nets... .
August— lß96.
2 Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet
« TT~W H W II- W H W
~2 o« — 1.2 7.47 ■ a.3 lo.vii 2.9 6.^« f|
3 l VJ4 0.8 9.30 - 8.« 11.28 3.5 B.1S 6.5
4 i.17 0.3 10.03 3.8 12.41 3.6 7.13 6.7
5 aO3 -0.2 10.44 4.0 1.56 3.6 8.09 5.9
6 £45 -0 5 11.17 4.4 3.00 3.6 -9.04 0.1
7 4 25 -0.8 11.45 4.6 &£»6 a3 9.57 62
I 05 -0.9 12.15 4.8 4.47 3.0 10.55 6.2
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlr*
from i br depth given by : he charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived. . . .
WEDNESDAY, August 5.
Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, 69 hours from Grays
Harbor: pass and lumber, • to E X Wood Lum
ber Co. Bjft'HftliflWßWlflllMlltW
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 6934 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and muse, to Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr San Eenlto, Smith, 80 hours from Tacoma;
4600 tons coal, to S P Co.' Oakland direct.
Br ship East Croft, Cormack, 50 days from Aca
jutla: ballast, to paster. -
Bark Kate DaVenport, Reynolds. 12 days from
Port BlaKeley : lumber, .to Kenton. Holmes & Co.
Bark Germania, Pearson, 12 days from New
What com ; 800 Mft lumoer and laths, to P B
Cornwall.
Bktn Fremont, Rowes, 16 days from Bering Sea:
codfish, etc, 10 Lynrte <t Hough. ! • •
Schr Mayflower, Ostlin, 17 days from Siuslaw
River: 125 M ft lumber, to A W Beadle & Co.
Vallejo direct.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 12 hours from
Phelps Landing: 90 eds wood, to Bender Bros
Schr Del None, Brows, 60 hours from Rogue
River; salmon, etc, to R D Hume <£• Co. •
Cleared. -.^t-'V
WEDNESDAY, August 5.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka;' Goodall, Perkins
Co. . .
Stmr . Corona, Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
& Co. . . :'--.■■-.-?, ;.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles i
Nelson.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland; N P 8
5 Co.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co.
Jik-n City of Papeete, Lnnn, Tahiti; J Pinet &
Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY. August 5.
Btmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Btmr Corona. Hall, San Diego and way ports.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle. .
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Dunham, Portland.
Bktn Monitor, TurloftV ' \;
. Sclir Newark. Beck. Bo wens Landing.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega. .
uchr Mary Etta, Wetzel, I versions Landing.
Teiecraphio.
POINT LOBOS. August 6—lo p. it— Weather
hazy: wind W; velocity, 28 .anas. •
Charter*.
The schr J B Leeds loads mdse for Central
America; bktn SO Wilder, mdse for Honolulu;
Nic brie Salvador, lumber at Portland for Callao;
schr Prosper, lumber on the Sound for Yokohama
or Kobe: bark Palmyra, lumber on the. Sound for
Port Pirle, 38a 9d— prior to arrival.
The Br ship Almora is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 36s 9d; Br snip Dltton, 26s 3d— ls 3d less
direct.
Spoken.
' July 28— No lat or long Br bark Elliot ■■ from
Lei tli, for San Francisco.
Domestic Port*.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug Stmr Empire, hnc
July 30, via Coos Bay.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Ang s— Stmr Alcazar,
hence Aug 4.
TACOMA— Arrived Ang 6— Nor bark Elise. from
Hongkong. •
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Aug 4— Schr Pros
per, from Shanghai.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug6— Schr Spokane
from Honolulu; bark Palmyra, from Newcastle,
Australia.
.-ailed Ang s— Schrs Hueneme and F S Redfleld,
for San Pedro: schr Golden Shore, for Sydney.
MENDOCINO— Aug 5-Schr Bobolink, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug 6— Schr Mon
terey, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed Aug s— Stmr South Coast.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 6— Schr Bertie Minor,
hence July 30.
SEATTLE— Adg 6— Br ship Dundee, fm
Victoria.
ALBlON— Arrived Aug 6-Stmr Scotia, hence
Aug 4.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Aug Stmr Whites
boro, hence Aug 4.
Foreign Port*.
ANTOFAGASTA— Arrived July 39— Br ship
Ballochmyle, from Oregon. -„,.,.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aug 2— Stmr City of Rio
de Janeiro, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 4— Br stmr Empress of China, from
Vancouver.
PANAMA— SaiIed Aug I— Stmr Acapulco, for
San Francisco. ■ _,
CARDIFF— SaiIed Aug 4— Br ship Sierra Blanca,
for Vancouver.
LIMERICK— Arrived Aug 4— Ger ship Arthur
Fit cor, hence April 12.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Aug B— Br bark
Vi lalta. for Royal Roads.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 4— Br bark Donna
Franclsca- for Liverpool. ■ >?MgggiP«»*wJSK
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug 3— stmr Miowera,
from Vancouver. ,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 3— Br stmr Braemar
from Victoria.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug s— Stmr Teutonic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; . stmr Werra,
from Genoa; stmr Havel, from Bremen and South
ampton. Aug 6— Stmr Bonn. ka from Bremen.
.Sailed Aug 8-Stmr Paris, for Southampton;
stmr Frleslanrt, for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Aug s— Stmr
New York. .
Sailed Aug s— ritrnr Trave, for New York.- •
GLASGOW— Arrived out Aui? 6— Simr Circassia.
BOULOGNE— Arrived out Aug s— Stmr Spaarn
dam.
COPENHAGEN— out Aug 6— Stmr
Island.
DEAL— Passed Aug 6— Stmr Halle, from Bre
men for New York. .
LlZAßD— Passed Aus s— Stmr Spree, from New
York for Southampton and Bremen,
Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 66 bxs lemons. --ii
Los Angeles via E San Pedro— 2 cs 1 crt hard
ware.
Hueneme— 2 cs cheese.
Ventura— Bl cs honey, 290 sks beans. 2 bxs 1
bbl glassware,* 1 cs mdse, 49 sks dried aprlcols, 2
bdls pelts, 'JO bxs oranges, 250 bxs lemons, 10
mats seaweed.
Gavio:a— l.bx butter, 26 sis crawfish, . 8 bdls 8
bxs fish.
, Santa Barbara— l3B bxs lemons, 10 sks crawfish
1 lot house ii old goods, 1 bx books, 1 bx Insulators'
■ ; Carpenteria— 2o sks crawfish. .
.: Pacific Coast railway stations— 9 ■ bxa batter, 11 >
cs eggs, 1 cs extracts, 2 bxs lemons.
■ San Luis Obispo— 4l9 sks barley.
■■' Steele-1311 sks barley.
- Nlpomo— l69s ski oats, 652 sks barley.
. Santa Maria— 2os sks oats.
■ Port Harford— 4o bxs fish.
Monterey-1 keg cut spikes. 1 bbl salmon.
Cayucos— l. tub 5 bxs butter. 4 bdls hides and
pelts, 2 coops fowl. 2 cs egsts. 5 dressed calves.
San Simeon— l 4 tubs 19 bx* butter, 12 bis sea
weed, 4 dressed calves 1 coop chickens, 1 sic aba
lone shells,"2 pkgs mdse, 1 bx tobacco. 1 bx seed
Ibx hardware. ?• ■ ; - . . '
GBA £! I I A^? OR Per Del Norte-lcs hard
ware. 335 Mft lumber, 2 cords bolts, 270 pkgs
snooks. - - . - . . ■
, ' - ' . '■;'.'■?■'. ' . Con*ic;ne*«.
Per Eureka_Brigham,Hoppe&Co: Hills Bros:
Hllmer, Bredboff & .-schulz: C E Whitney Co- J
M Spofford; Wellman, Peck <fcCc ; H Dutard; John
A Rooeli ng< sons <fc Co; Kowalsky &Co Larrlson
Consolidated 8 S Co; Porter Eros & Co; A Pallies;
Hulme & Hart J Ivancovich & lo; A Levy Co-
Wood, Curtis <fe Co; L Scatena A Co; A Paiadinl: F
Uri & Co; Redington & Co; Lev! Spiegel & Co; M
H Kant; American Union Fish Co: Milanl Co:
G CamUlonl Co:: Meyerfleld, Mitchell <fc Co; PC
i ish Co; Wheaton, Brton&Co; Dalton j Bros; : M
X Marks; Dodge, Sweeney <fc Co; CCarpy&Co; F
Uri &Co; Norton, Teller & Co: Sinsheimerßros-
Dairymen's Union ; O B Smith & Co: Sun Francisco
Ca cium Light Co: Blsslnger & Co: Werthelmer <fc
1 o: De Bernard! <ft Co; L D Stone <S Co: Augustine
Van Arx ; Baker & Hamilton : Standard Oil Co: M
! Himas Cox Seed and Plant Co; Laeb, Fleishman
6 Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co; Nolan <fc Co; Labor
Exchange; Uuss, Sanders <& Co: ' Klrcnmtn <t Co:
Western Meat Co; Goodall, Perkins & Co; • Singer
Mre; Co; Philadelphia Brewery; U almas; Chicago
Brewery. ; .■■■--.,■- :■; . •,-■ :■'■■-'- ■-■ .■■■■.■■ •■-.-.■
Per Del Norte— A mer Cam Acid Gas Co; E X
• Wood Lumber Co; Weiton Basket and iltg Co. r
NEW TO-DAY.'
DOCTOR SWEANY
The nblest and most successful snecialist
of the iip» in the treatment of nil Chronic
Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men
and Women. All diseases of the Eve
Ear, Head, Throat, Luncrs. Stomach Liver
and Bowels, Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
Trouble?, Rupture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczema
and Varicocele treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured. Loss or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in young, middle-aired or
old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and' pre-
mature death quickly and permanently
stopped. Private diseases of every name
and nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones and causes more
physical and mental suffering than any
other known disease thoroughly and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment.
HEART, BRAIN, NERVES AND
BLOOD. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent nnd feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease "of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
■W'i-lI'A'JJ
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, German,
French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and
Danish. .
' Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. ) Address
lIP F I QWPAMV 737 Market 9t.,
Ufl. I. L. OfILHIII, San Francisco, Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COJIPAJI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FKOM VlSlp
Broadway wharf, San . Francisco, aj£naE
follows: \ ,;•
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 A. M.. *ept. 11, 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma,' -Everett, Anacortfs and
New Wrauom (Bellincham . Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
Aug. 2, 7, 12, 17, "li, 27, and every fifth day there-
after. connecting at Vancouver with the C. I*. K.
X., atTaroma with N. Y. K. X., at Seattle with O.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ICureka, Area- a and Fields Landing (Hum-
hold Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. if., Auk. I, 6. 9, 13,
17. 21, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), uaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, :san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
I day thereafter.
I For san Diego, stopping- only at Port Harrord
I (San Luis Obispo), >-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
' celes, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
! a. m. August 1. 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every
j fourth day thereafter.
For Ensettiida. San Joje del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after. ..
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
ASTORIA IiPORTLAM
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH INCLUDED.
Columbia sails ..'....July 27, August 6, 16
Bute of California sails. .July 22, Angus 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. h.
UOODALL PERKINS <fe CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONJNOR, General Anent,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ DAYSTO,
HAWAII, SAMOA, Em. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Hi "
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MONOWAI sails via HONOLULU and
A UCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, August 20,
at 2p. if . . .
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, August 29, at 10 a, x. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLMTIQUB
. French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH Jkfft
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by t§&s>W
this line avoid both transit oy English railway naX
the discomfort or crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-ciass SI 60: second-class, $110. - -
I.A TOURAIN'E. Capu Santelll.. . .May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NOBMANDIE May 23, 8 A. K.
LA GASCOGNE ....' Ju • 20, 7 A. K.
LA NOK ANDIr ..July 4, 6a. U.
LA GASCOGNE.: July 25, 11 A, it
LA NORMASDIE.. .Atwnst 1,5 a. If.
LA BOURGOGNE. Capt. Leb«enf.-.June 6, 7 A. M.
tST 7or further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3 Bo.v.inu Green, New Yorfc
J. P. FUGAZI 4 CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
arjßPue, San Francisco. ■ m
FLIIfT & CO.'S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINB
For San Francisco and AH Pacific Coast
Ports.
FROM NEW YORK: „_
The Al Clipper Ship. WM, H. MACT
Amesbury, Master.
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The A 1 Clipper Ship A. J. FULLER
. Colcord, Master.
' - Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT 4 CO., 68 Broad
street. New York. _ __. , „
Consignees In Ban Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
6 CO., 22 California street.
ROYAL MAIL STEAI PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS ; LEAVE ASPIN'WALL J&i^
fortnightly for the West Indies f an^J^SL
Southampton, calling en route at cerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of ladin?, in connection *«*»«>•
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight ana treas-
ure to direct" ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class, «»7 5a P nr
ROB r-wli-ffirniast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At 0 P. M. Daily, ireigiii received up
to .i:3i> V. Jl.
j»- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
iZ?- . ST.EAM.EH->: ■
X C Walker '' • "• Peters,
Mary Garratt, C y of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Kay, and Impu Oo
U.S. BfAfYYARDJSARE ISLAM, VALLEJO,
I *Beniria. *P»rt Costa. *l'r<ifkett and * Valona -
Daily 10:30 a. m.,-4:00 p. M. (Saturdays •♦10:80
a. it.), S:3op. m. Sundays 8 P. M. only. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Blaclc
261. :■-, * HATCH RROd.
* 4 and 8 p. m. trips only. _ .
:** Excursion trip. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SAJJIbE, I.os Gifts & SASTACRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
at 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted) ; Alvlso dally at
7r. Jf. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between Ban Francisco nnd Alviso.
60c; to San Jose, 75c Clay sb, Pier 1. W«i
tonu rut > ihi c* n ™«- — *• ;> •- - : f- - c-^T- ■SUCCESSOR TO
CAMPBELL COYLE
Rev. Owen Jones, M.A.,
Elected by the First
Presbyterian.
WAS PERFECT HARMONY
He Entered on the Active Work
of His Assistant Pastorate
Yesterday.
A GRADUATE FEOM LONDON.
For Four Years He Has Been Pastor
of the Welsh Presbyterian
Church.
Oakland Office Sax Frakcisco Call,[
908 Broadway, Au«. 5. )
Ecv. Owen Jones, M.A., who has been
pastor of the Welsh Presbyterian Church
Rev. Owen Jones, MA., the >ew Assistant Pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church.
here for the past four years, was elected]
last night to succeed Rev. Campbell Coyle
as assistant pastor of the First Presby- |
terian Church. He assumed his new du
ties this morning, and participated in the
weekly prayer-meeting to-night.
The church has been under the spiritual
care of Rev. Robert F. Coyle. D.D., and
his brother for the past two years. Early
in 'he spring Rev. Campbell Coyle went
Ea>t on a visit. Upon his return in June
he received a call from one of the most
prominent churches in Toledo. He ac
cepte.'i and left about a month ago for his
new field. At the time of his departure
there was some talk of a rupture in the
church work between the two brothers,
but all of their friends deny the state
ment and unite in saying that there was
the utmost harmony. A prominent offi
cial of the church says:
'•It was the understanding when Camp
bell Coyle came to us from the Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church that he was at lib
erty to accept a call whenever he received
one he wanted to accept. He is an ambi
tious young man of great power and we
knew that he would not always be satis
lied to remain as a second man in any
c urch. As to his having any trouble
with his brother, it is all bosh. ;? '
Rev. Owen Jones came to this country
:n 1886 trom Wales, where he was born
about fifty years ago. He is a graduate of
the University of London, which institu
tion conferred the degree of master of
arts upon him in 1879. Just before leav
ing ins native land he published a book
entitled "Some of the Great Preachers of
Wales," which has had a large sale and
can be found in almost every Presbyterian
.Sr.nday-school library in the land.
His first pastorate in America was at
Escanaba, Mich., where he served an Eng
lish Presbyterian church for four years.
He came to Oakland four years ago to as
sume cuarge of the Welsh Presbyterian
Church. He made many friends who will
regret to have him sever his connection
with their church. He has been a promi
nent figure in all of the Eisteddfods held
since his advent into the work in Califor
h< mas C- Bin, Pr^d -t o t ; 'ctalß n , Ha Ju^t Let
a Contia^t for a Beautiful i.om; on Alice Street i <> M s ire. B wn it 31: cloaald. The
Picture is Sketched Frcm the Pla: s.
nia. Three years ago he began work in
the Y. M. C. A., and bas taught a class in
shorthand each season.
When seen at his home on Eleventh
street this evening Professor Jones said:
"Yes. I nave been selected assistant pastor
of the First Presbyterian Cnurch. I as
sumed my new charge this morning. The
duties will be parish visiting and riunday
•chool work. The salary matter was left
entirely with the official board. There
will be no trouble about that."
FUND CONSOLIDATION.
Several Important Proposed Amend
ments to the State School Lairs
It ec onime n ded.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aue. s.— The third
day of the County School Superintendents'
State Convention was marked by the pres
ence of ex-State Superintendent Ira G.
Hoitt, who was made an honorary mem
ber.
The special committee named yesterday
regarding the consolidation of funds pre
sented a report in which they recom
mended that the word "county" be
stricken out in the last line of section
1620, page 20, and to eliminate sec tion 1622
&o as to read :
"Boards of School District Trustees and
City Boards of Education may use the
school money received from State and
county apportionments during the school
year for any of the purposes authorized by
this chapter, but a sum equal to tue
amount received from State apportion
ments, and at least 60 per cent of county
apportionments, exclusive of the library
fund, must be applied to the payment of
teachers of primary and grammar graae
schools.'
The report was amended by changing
the 60 to 50 and adopted.
The section regulating the appointment
of members of the County Board of Edu
cation was so changed that the appointees
should be selected from a list of two names
submitted by the county superintendent
for each member to be appointed ; to have
two members appointed at the last meet
ing before the 2d of July each year; on
failure of Supervisors to appoint members
it shall be the duty of the county superin
tendents to appoint them.
THIRTY-SIX HOURS.
! The Shortest Time on Record for Get
ting Out a Great Reg
ister.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— County
; Clerk Jordan has pledged himself to a
task that seems impossible. He has prom
ised that he will hand to the County Com
mittee a certified copy of the new great
register for each of the 121 precincts of
this county thirty-six hours after registra
tion closes.
When the County Committee passed
the call for the primary it considered that
the old great register should be used if
the new one were not ready. The man
agers of Mr. Hilborn would not under any
circumstances consent that a primary be
held with '.he old great register, as the
County Clerk claims that out of the 21,000
names at least 10,000 are ineligible on ac
count of deaths, stuffing and removals.
Mr. Hilborn's friends will furnish the
help for the mammoth task and have
guaranteed the cost, as the County Com
mittee did not feel disposed to shoulder
the burden.
Pearson'* Position.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— Thomas
Pearson, the colored orator of the F ourth
Ward, has issued cards bearing his like
ness, announcing his candidacy "for the
Assembly for the Forty-eighth Assembly
District," on* which be says he "favors bi
metallism, woman suffrage, restriction of
foreign immigration, protection to life,
property and American industries," and
closes with this question: "How does
this strike you— are you with me?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
CHARITY DAY AT
THE EXPOSITION.
Thursday's Total Proceeds
for the Associated
Charities.
PROVIDING FOR WINTER
Special Reception Committees
Have Been Appointed by
the Ladies.
BIG CHORUS FOR CHILDREN.
They Will Come From the West Oak
land Home to Take Part in the
Programme.
Oakland Office Saw Frajtcisco Call,)
908 broadway, Aug. 5. J
To-morrow is Charity day at the expo
sition.
If ever there was a popular idea the di
rectors have found it in granting to the
Associated Charities of Oakland the net
receipts of the exposition next Thursday
for the benefit of the unemployed during
the coming winter. Indeed the snecess of
the plan is already so well assured that
the talk is broadening into an effort for
spring as well.
It is probable tbac much vacant land in
Alameda County will be offered rent free
and peed furnished the coming season to
such as need and desire such an oppor
tunity, i
The programme committee is working
quietly, but by the name of the committee
all are assured of first-class entertainment,
beth during afternoon and evening. One
hundred children from the West Oakland
Home will sing pathetic songs in the after
noon. The committee consists of Dr. E.
S. Chapman, JJ. Edward Collins and Mrs.
Paul Lohse.
The ladies' booth has charmed all be
holders by its unique and artistic arrange
ment under the skillful management of
Mesdames J. W. Shanklin, D. S. Hirsh
berg and P. H. Templeton and their as
sistants. ' The burlap ground, rope trim
ming, with Bmilax and palms, snow ex
quisite taste. The art gallery and litera
ture are also attractive. This committee
will be assisted in receiving Thursday by
lady directors— Mesdames C. H. Kedding
ton and E. C. Borland. Different socie
ties will entertain from day today by
turns. Monday the ladies of the First M.
E. Church, Tuesday the ladies of the First
Unitarian Church, etc.
The press committee have done admira
bly in their efforts to arouse an enthusi
asm. They are already sanguine. The
committee consists of H. M. McKnight,
Mrs. William McDonald, Mrs. H. Rief and
Miss Mollie Conner-?.
One of the most attractive corners in
the new building is The Call booth. A
register is kept there, and the news of the
world is given free to all who ask.
The programme for Thursday 13. as
follows:
- . AFTFRVOON.
March ...... ...". ..........Exposition Band
Overture.... ....Exposition Band
'•star Spangled Banner"
One hundred children from West Oakland
Home, with flags.
Selection... .Exposition Band
Statement of the Object of the Day ....
Patrol :..... Exposition Band
"Our Hero, Wa5hingt0n"............ •;
- one hundred children from West Oakland
Home.
Gavotte Exposition Band
KVESIXQ, 8 O'CLOCK.
March.... Exposition Band
Overture Exposition Band
"W here Would I Be" Zo;lner
Temple Quartet— Benj. Clare, first tenor;
E. E. Brangs, second tenor; Harry A. Mel
vin, first bass; George A. Carleton, second
bass.
Famasie..... Exposition Band
Guitar and Mandolin duet, '-Martha*. • Flotow
The Misses Theresa and Lily Sherwood.
An Oakland Fashionable Home in 1850. The Esperanza House Collapsed Fri
day Night Last With Old Age and th« Old Landmark Will Have to Be
Pulled Down.
"Monastery Bells"' Exposition Band
Addreaa, "The Pinsrree Movement"
Mayor John L. Davie
Patr01 .....' .". Exposition Band
IKTEBMISSIOJT.
"Absence- Dudley Buck
The Temple Quartet.
Guitar and Mandolin duet, "Southern Melo
d e-." ( B - v request)
The Misses Theresa ami Li;y Sherwoo.i.
Medley Exposition Band
Address, '-The Assoc.awJ Charities Wood: ard,"
Key. E. S. Chapman, .President of the Asso
ciated Charities.
"The Two Hoses" Vogel
The Temple Quartet.
TRUSTED A STRANGER.
Coroner Cnrrey of Martinez Is Minna
a Horse and BugRT us a Con
sequence.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 5. — Coroner
Currey of Contra Costa County was in this
city to-day malting inquiries regarding a
horse and buggy that he hired to a
stranger July 28, and of which he has not
heard anything since. The fellow gave
the name of J. L. Crowell, and said he
was an aeent of the Caiitornia Mutual
Benefit Society.
The man was given a bay horse with a
short tail ana one white foot, and a Stude
baker light-top s!de-bar buggy, painted
black with red stripes. He said he was
going to make a trip into the country and
might be gone several days. A well-known
woman of Martinez is said to have gone
with him.
The last heard of the fellow was at Wal
nut Creek, where he cashed a check for
$15 on the Woolworth-Crocker Bans,
which afterwards turned out to be worth
less, and he is now wanted there for ob
taining money under false pretenses.
Sheriff Vale of Contra Costra has offered a
reward for his arrest and tie recovery of
the rig. Crowell is about 43, weighs 160,
has a dark mustache anil wore a dark suit
of clothes, light overcoat and soft black
hat
INCREASED ATTENDANCE.
Much Interest Manifested at the Chris-
tian Alliance Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— There was a
very large attendance at tne Christian Al
liance Convention this evening at the
First Baptist Church the congregation of
the church and that of the First Christian
Church having united their midweek
prayer-meting with the visitors. The ad
dress was by Rev. C. H. Waddell, his sub
ject being "Divine Healing vs. Christian
Science."
He upheld the former as an ordinance
commanded by Christ when he told the
disciples to anoint with oil any that were
sick and to lav on hands. It was only a
full and complete acceptance of Christ's
promises. Christian science he had little
use for, as it did not recognize God, or alle
giance to him in any way. Following the
sermon there was an anointing service and
a number went forward to receive the
anointment and laying on of hands.
||The sessions begin at 6 a. m. with a
"The Call's" Booth of Red and White at the Exposition, Where All the News
of the World Is Given Free to Visitors.
prayer and praise service of one hour. At
9:30 begins the forenoon's work and at 2
the afternoon's, while 7 o'clock is the even
ing hour. There will be services all day
to-morrow and Friday.
HE MAY INFORM.
Belief That Robert McDonald Has an
Interesting Story to Toll
in Court.
OAKLAND, Cal., Axis. s.— The trial of
Robert McDonald, charged with attempt
ing to bribe Jason Peck in the trial of a
Chinese lottery dealer in tne Police Court,
is under way in the Superior Court before
Judge Greene. Deputy District Attorney
H. A. Melvin represent the people and
T. F. Garrity and Warren Heaton the de
fendant.
The name of Harry Inwall, who is serv
ing a rive days' term in jail and who is
under sentence to pay in addition a fine
of $100 for contempt of court in approach
ing E. M. Lipka regarding the Gordan
go!d-brick swindle, is mentioned in the
examination of all jurors in the case.
When arrested McDonald in an inter
view claimed that Inwall had something
to do with his troubles, and there is some
likelihood that at the right time in the
trial he may tell a story that will impli
cate a number of people who hang about
the courts of this city and oounty. It is
believed he could tell much if he chose,
and it ii expected that he will tell rather
j than to sufter alone.
_ • — #— •
Through the efforts of A. P. Swain and Cap
: tain Dood of the Alameda Cyclers, a road race
for a new record has been arranged to take
i place on August 30. It will be a fifteen-mile
| event over a new course to be laid out between
' here and Haywards.
FARMERS' HOPES
ARE REALIZED.
Their Experiment With a
General Creamery Is
a Success
ALTAMONT IS TAKEN IN
Need of Many More Dairies to
Supply the Demand for
Milk.
RESULTS OF FOUR MONTHS.
The Experiment Will Doubtless Re
Extended to Many Other Dis
tricts in the County.
Oakland Office Sas Fbawcisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Aug. 5. j
The farmers of Livermore Valley be
lieve they have solved the problem of how
to help themselves in regard to tbe man
ufacture of butter. On March 16 of this
year they met and incorporated for the
purpose of conducting a general creamery.
Nearly five months have passed and tne
returns show that tbe hopes of the dairy
men have been realized.
The first four months' output shows an
aggregate of 21,100 pounds of butter. The
figures are interesting. When the cream
ery started the butter market stood at 17
cents a pound. Later in the spring it fell
as low as 13% cents, and has now risen to
193-4 cents and still going up. At tbe aver
age price of 16 cents the Livermore Cream
ery has in the first four months' run re
turned to its dairymen $3500 in coin, be
sides the return of 525,000 pounds of sirim
milk with which to fatten hogs, chickens
and calves, which was worth about $800.
July is well passed, the fresh cows are
coming in, the quantity of milk is in
creasing, the per cent of butter fat has
raised and is still raising. The farmers
are feeding their cows better than ever,
stimulated to do so by the advancing price
of butter. The success of the craamery is
now no longer a matter of doubt. When
it concludes its first year's run it will show
an unbroken run of 365 days and a total
distribution of proceeds to stockholders
and milkmen that will not fall short of
$15,000.
Of the July output every pound of it was
taken by home merchants. The utmost
satisfaction has been given, and if the
facilities could be obtained it could dis
pose of four times the amount.
To help the farmers of the Altamont
region enjoy the benefits of the creamery,
a skimming station is to be established
near that place. The farmers will bring
their milk every morning, and the bvitter
fat will be extracted by the separator and
sent to the creamery. There are cows
enough in the hills around Altamont to
furnish 2500 pounds of milk a day, which
would bring about $600 to the farmers
every month. It is probable that other
districts may be taken in shortly.
WORKING FOR A PARK.
West Oakland Citizens Want a
Special Tax Levy for an
Improvement
The Only District in the City That Is
Absolutely Without a Public
Square.
Oaklaitd Oftice Baj* Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 5. )
The West Oakland Improvement Club
has prepared and is circulating, the follow
ing petition:
The West Oakland Improvement Clnb. com
posed of citizens of Oakland and the signers
of this petition, do most respectfully petition
to the Mayor aud City Council of Oakland for
an addition to the tax levy o: 1896-97, about
to be made, of 5 cents upon each $100 of as
sessment for the park and boulevard fund, to
be used hereafter for tlie purchase of ten acres
of suitable land and the laying out of the same
for a park in West Oakland.
And we most respectfully represent that the
sum asked for hereby is not exorbitant for the
purpose named.
That a public -park is greatly needed in West
Oakland for the good health of the residents
thereof; that there is neither park nor boule
vard in Oakland west of Grove street, while
every other section of the city is well venti
lated and supplied with open squares, towhieh
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
I residents of the vicinity can easily resort with
their families for fresh air, sunshine, rest and
recreation.
Thivt the population of West Oakland is
greater in proportion to the area than that of
i any other portion of the city, and for that
I reason there is ■ greater need tnere for a public
! park.
That the present era of low prices of land in
; West Oakland is more favorable for the pur
: chase oi a park than has been for a long series
of years.
■ That tne people of Oakland have already
I pronounced in favor of this petition by their
i votes for members of this Council who were
i nominated upou aplntiorm which demanded
a park for West Oakland, which demand has
not vet been considered by the Council,
although their term oi office has more thau
half expired.
That a bona fide effort to purchase land for
! such park inns' be initiated by nn addition to
i the annual tax levy, in order to obtain money
! for the purpose, otherwise the land could not
, be purchased or money expended to lay out
I or embellish a park.
We take this occasion to hand these resolu
! tions to Frank K. Mott, the councilman repre
| sentin? the First Ward, and request him to
present this petition to the Mayor and City
Council, with such resolution or order as
phall be found necessary to secure its object,
and that he ur?e the granting of this petition
with the beat of nis ability.
The petition is being very extensively
signed.
Notes of Sympathy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— The Young
Women's Christian Association held a
business meeting yesterday afternoon at
which notes of sympathy were extended
to a number of workers in the cause who
have recently suffered bereavement
through the loss of dear ones. Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Thomas and Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Cornell were thus remembered,
and the family of Miss Rose Wakefield.
The latter was a faithful worker in the
East End Sewing School and her death is
keenly felt.
The Divorce Docket. f*33S
OAKLAND, Cal., Ang. s.— Chief Dep
uty County Clerk Adams recorded three
new divorce suits in succession this morn
ing, all within live minute?. They were
E. S. Clark vs. A. Clark, Mamie C. Bayou
vs. Isaac W. Bayou and Lillie F. Rose vs.
Thomas S. Rose. The first is by the hus
band and the others by the wives.
Given More Time.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— The decision
in the case of Frank H. Robinson of the
defunct Observer, charged with felony in
selling mortgaged property, has been de
ferred until Friday. When the case was
The Livennore Creamery That Is Producing Splendid Results on Behalf of
the Farmers.
called to-day his attorney made the claim
that there had been no actual assignment
J of the mortgage plant by Robinson, as the
printers failed to get the paper out, as
it was understood they would. He was
given time to present authorities.
■\Vnnt a New Edifice.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— There is a
movement on foot among the members of
the F.rst Christian Church to have a new
edifice and have it nearer the center of the
city. The plan is not yet matured, but
| may in the near future.
Rev. James bmall is the pastor of the
j congregation, having come here from
! lowa early in the spring, but already he
has made his way to the hearts of many
people outside of his own congregation,
arid all will be glad to see the hopes of his
people accomplished.
An Oyster Story.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 5— G. Camol
iini, a fish-dealer, is in a dilemma. When
preparing for the exposition he filled sev
eral of his labeled oyster-cans with water
for the purpose of making an exhibit.
Somebody stole a dozen of them and after
ward sold them. Comollini next heard
that he was putting fake goods on the
market, and a San Francisco dealer wrote
to him that he was underselling the other
dealers. He now offers to substitute
filled cans for his dummies if only the
thief will bring them back.
Death of Sirs. Lee.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— Mrs. Minnie
Lee, wife of Timothy Lee, ex-Chief of
Police of Sacramento, died at Tayloi's
Sanitarium to-night. Mrs. Lee came here
to undergo an operation, which although
successful at the time ultimately proved
more than she could withstand on account
of the virulent nature of her ailments.
I Her husband was present when she died.
The deceased was 50 years of age and
leaves no children.
Who Will It Be?
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. s.— There is a
division of opinion among local Populists
regarding who shall have the Congres
sional nomination. The middle of the
road faction are out and out for Green
Majors, but the fusionists believe that
the Democrats wouid much easier be
brought, to indorse ex-Judge E. M. Gib
son, who is well known ana would be a
strong candidate anywhere.
Too Sick to Bide Fast.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 5.— G. W. Decker
of the Acme Athletic Club was to have
attempted to lower the world's five-mile
record this afternoon on a bicycle. Soon
after starting Decker was taken sick, and
although he finished the distance he made
but indifferent time.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda Connty Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call, >
908 Broadway, Aug. 5. i
Frederick Yfarde will give a lecture at the
First Congregational Church on Friday, Au
gust 14. His subject will be, "A Night With
Shakespeare."
There will be an important meeting of the
Fiith Ward Republican Club at Elite Hall on
Friday evening, August 7, at 8 o'clock. A lull
attendance is expected.
An attachment in the sum of $4000 in favor
of Bessia Markewiiz was levied this alternoon
on the Grove-street property of Rudolph
Franke, the pickle man.
The Oak'and Political Equality Clab will !
hold its annual meeting Tuesday afternoon in j
Odd Fellows' Hall for the purpose of electing j
officers for the ensuing year.
Arrangements have Deen completed for the j
coming race meet of the Alameda Driving As- ;
sociation, which will take place on the new j
track on Saturday, September 12.
The will of the late Councilman J. R. Capell I
has been filed for probate. He leaves an es- I
tate valued at $3000, which is left half; to the j
widow and half equally between the four '
children.
The Populist party will ratify the nomina- !
tion of Bryan and Watson at Germania Hull |
Saturday ulght, and arrangements are being j
made for a parade, music and able speakers, :
of which announcement will be made later.
"Tne executive committee of the Republican I
Alliance Club met last evening in tne Elite I
Hall rooms and completed arrangements for I
tne big ratification meeting to be held on ,
Saturday night at the Macdouough Theater.
A regular meeting of the Alameda County
Law Association will be held this evening in |
Judjre Frick's courtroom. Steps looking to
ward reorganization will be taken. A rousing
debate on the currency question is promised.
i Auction Sales
WILLIAM BITTERFIELD
! Real ; ESTATTB ani> hexkrjl AUCTIOS~B!KB.
Office, Crocker building. leL 1421! Main.
; . THIS DAY.
THURSDAY. August 6, 1896. at 11 o'clock a. v.
' on the premises, 6-1.: !■' I>OM STREET, between
.Second and Third, I wilt sell the Entire Furnish-
ing of Residence containing 15 rooms. Carpets and
Furniinrecompi'?!*". '
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD.
j - Auctioneer, Crocker Building.
ALL HAIL THE CHIEF,
Berkeley Firemen Rally Round
James Kenney, Their Elected
Leader.
| They Tender Him a Banquet and
Present Him With a
Badge.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 5. — James
Kenney, Berkeley's prospective new fire
i chief, was tendered a banquet by about
j seventy-five of his admirers to-night at the
headquarters of the Columbia Hose Com
pany and presented with a handsomely
wrought fireman's badge in token of their
esteem. The companies represented were
the North Berkeley Fire Company, the
Beacon and Posen, the Third Ward and
the Columbia. Though Kenney's nomina
tion by the majority of the fire companies
in Berkeley has not been confirmed by the
Board of Town Trustees yet, that he will be
so appointed is generally acknowledged.
In fact five of the seven fire companies in
Berkeley which have announced them
selves in favor of Kenney seem determined
to~put their man into the position, the
possible action of the |board to the con
trary notwithstanding.
Various protests against the appraise
ment of Kenney have been filed, but
they have been apparently ineffectual.
These things being so Kenney Is looked
upon as Berkeley's Fire Chief, and the
badse which was presented to him to
night served to seal the bond between
himself and the fire companies supporting
him.
The badge, which is a delicate creation
of gold and silver, was designed and manu
factured by R. A. Curry of Berkeley at the
instance of the local firemen. In present-
ing it to him speeches were made by
George Parker and James Ray, to which
Kenney made a happy response.
The Board of Town Trustees will finally
consider his appointment at the meeting
next Monday evening. Trouble is ex
pected from a few of Kenney's enemies at
that time.
Plenty of Freshmen.
BERKELEY, Cal., Au<r. s.— Freshmen
are arriving in Berkeley by the score. At
least seventy-five '00" men pitched their
tents in the classic precincts of Berkeley
to-day. Many have come with their
parents, who intend locating here.
Within the next three days it is expected
that at least 250 more "freshies" will ar
rive and make ready for the opening of
the term next Monday. The forecast that
the incoming class will reach the 500 mark
seems to be nearing a reality.
HEW TO-DAY.
No-To-Bac Mill! Nerves.
Lost Force Restored and
Shattered Nerve - Power :
Quickly Repaired.
The Tobacco Vice Undermines Vigor
and Vitality — Nervous Prostra-
tion, General Debility Mean
Tobacco Nerve-Poisoning.
Tobacco-using is a reckless waste of lift
force, money and manhood.
| It is a dirty, nasty, men-wrecking disease,
| and every tobacco-user knows it.
[ ■ The tobacco-user's nerve." are shattered and
broken, his life i« going out of him, he's losing
I his grip, but No-To-Bac, the strongest, quickest
j nerv<* tonic in the world, braces his brain,
i nourishes his nerves, kills nicotine, make*
I manhood. Summer smoking shortens life/ ■
. If you want to quit tobacco, gain strength,
' weight, vitality— --
It you vrant all the time to look, feel and act
like a man- - .-•■.- ; . : ■ -
Take No-To-Bac! Get a cure or your money
back. Over 400,000 have been cured, ana
millions use No-To-Bac to regulate tobacco-
using, or purely for its wonderful powers as ' •
nerve tonic and stimulant.
If your nerve and heart action . is weak, no
matter what the cause, take No-To-Bac.
Sold and guaranteed by druggists every-
where. Our famous booklet, ''Don't Tobacco
Spit and /Smoke Your Life. Away," written
guarantee and free sample mailed for the ask.
ing. , Address Tne Sterling Remedy Co., Cbi<
cago, Montreal or New York. :.'-, \- -
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
S 625 KEARXT ST. Established
A In 183 I for the treatment of Private
W Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
wk disease wearingon bodyaad mind and
m Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhett
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
■I CnreB guarantied. Callorwrit*.
. Sir. J. *'. WIBBO9T. JB»x l»o7. San Fmndio*
1314
VOTING BY PROXY
OR IN PERSON,
When May a Stockholder's
Own Stock Be Voted
Against Him?
NORTH PACIFIC CASE.
Arguments on Appeal Are Being
Heard in the Supreme
Court
LEGAL ASPECTS OF THE SUIT.
Force of an Agreement to Vote in a
Certain Way Seems to Be
the Main Issue.
No less than seven justices and rather
less than seventy times seven attorneys
were present at yesterday's proceedings in
the double appeal of A. W. Foster and
others against Sidney V. Smith and
others, and Sidney V. Smith and others
against the San Francisco and North Paci
fic Railway Company. Mr. Foster was
represented by Attorneys W. S. Goodfel
low and Jesse W. Lilientha), who, in con
n ction with Garret W. McEnerney, also
defended the railway company, Mr.
Smith's advocates being Messrs. Page, Mo-
Cutcheon and Eels.
The original action, from which the sub
sequent complications took their rise, was
a suit which Mr. Foster and others brought
before Judge Angelotti of Marin County to
enjoin Mr. Smith from voting his own
stock in the railway as he pleased. This
action was oased upon the theory that he
had bound himself by an agreement, ac
cording to the terms of which his stock
and the stock of Messrs. Foster and Mark
ham should be voted as a unit during five
years. The stock held by Messrs. Smith.
Markham and Foster amounted to 42,000
shares, whereof Mr. Smith owned 12,000.
J udge Angelotti refused to grant any in
junction and held the agreement void as
against public policy.
The annual election of directors of the
railway company came on shortly after
the rendering of Judge Angelotti's de
cision and tbe plaintiffs in that case, dis
regarding the decision, voted tne stock as
they claimed it ought to be voted— in
other words, Mr. Smith's stock at that
election was voted against Himself.
The Smith party forthwith commenced
a summary proceeding to have the elec
tion set aside under the provision of that
section of the Civil Code which, they con
teded, applied to the case. This proceed
ing came up before Judge Seawell of the
Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco. Judge Seawell, after near
ing both sides ably presented, rendered a
decision to the effect that the election was
invalid whether the agreement was void
or not, holding with Judge Angelotti that
it did not constitute a proxy.
The statute in reference to proxies re
quires that at corporate elections the
stock shall be voted either in person or by
proxy; and since the agreement, in the
conception of Judges Angelotti and Sea
well, whether valid or not did not consti
tute a proxy, the last-named Judge held
that Mr. Smith's votes ought to have
been counted for himself, and that the |
election was therefore invalid in law and
fact.
Judge Seawell's decision was not com
plied with. The parties disregarding it
were cited to appear in answer to charges
of contemp' of court, and were convicted,
being sentenced to pay nominal fines.
Thereupon the cases were brought belore
the Supreme Court on appeal trom the
decisions of Judges Angelotti and Seawell.
Yesterday's entire session was taken up
by the arguments, Mr. Lilienthal »peaK
ing in favor of the agreement as binding,
and Mr. Page, while not attacking its
validity in specific terms, holding that
compliance with its terms could not be
enforced by the courts. Mr. GoodfelJow
made a spirited argument in reply, and
all three attorneys cited cases without
number and rehashed the arguments pre
sented in the Superior Courts to their
hparts' content.
The case will proceed to-day, and will
probably develop some interesting legal
points, as the decision will indirectly
affect all agreements in|*which voting
stock by proxy in certain combinations
may be one of the stipulations.
PEDDLERS' ORDINANCE.
Tbe Police Have Received instructions
to See That It Is Strictly
Enforced.
Cnief Crowley yesterday morning sent
to Captains Wittman, Spillane, Giilen and
Dunlevy a copy of the ordinance reo«ntly
passed by the Board of Supervisors in re
gard to peddlers, with instructions to read
it to the men in their divisions and at the
same time notify them that its provisions
must be strictly enforced.
The ordinance makes it a misdemeanor
for a peddler to solicit custom from a
house where there is a sign on the steps
or on the side of the house with the noti
fication "No Peddlers. 1 ' It also makes it
a misdemeanor for a peddler to solicit
custom without having a badge with a
number on it on the fr nt of his hat,
which are supplied by the License Col
lector. The maximum penalty in either
case is a fine not exceeding $100 or six
months' imprisonment.
Policeman J. Flynn has the credit of
making the first arrest under the ordi
nance. Yesterday afternoon he arrested
L. Winestein, a peddler, on Ellis street
for peddling without a badge on his hat.
BOYS' TRAINING HOME.
Several New Departments to Be Added
Very Soon.
A meeting of the managers of the Boys'
Training Home was held at the home, 407
Taylor street, Tuesday evening. Those
present were Isaac Upham, Rev. M. B.
Boynton, Rev. E. R. Dilie. A. C. Stevens,
D. M. Carman, Mrs. George T. Gaden,
Mrs. S. A. Kelly. Mrs. A. C. Stevens, Mrs.
Martin-Jones and Mrs. Jackson. The
board of managers inspected the new
quarters and approved of what had been
done. Several expressed their surprise
that so much could have been accom
plished in a month.
The recent improvements consist of fix
ing up the two-story addition, 15x24 in
size, wnica is used for a dormitory, print
ing and photographing work and for a
dining-room. The printing department is
all ready for active work as soon as more
material can be obtained. The photo
graphing department has already made a
good showing.
The management reported having placed
three boys in eood positions, two of whom
live at the home. Two have been placed
in permanent homes. It was recom
mended that an upholstering aud matress
cleaning department be added, as they
womd yield good returns. It was decided
to take up this work if the means can be
sunplied for fitting up an adjoining build
int. Efforts will be made to arrange for
thif feature and have a competent work
man placed over the lads tc instruct them
in this useful occupation.
To-night the boys in the home and the
newsboys' club will be treated to a stere
opticon lecture on "A Trip Through Cali
fornia." After the lecture they will be
served with a bountiful repast.
BEAUTIFUL SPECIMENS.
Valuable Additions to the State Bo*rd
of Trade's £.ocal Exhibit.
Several valuable additions were made to
the collection in the State Board of
Trade's exhibit-rooms, at 16 Post street,
yesterday. J. D. Culp, the San Phillipe
tobacco-grower, sent two large potted to
bacco plants, each of which is over three
feet in height. Experts state that the
plants are perfect, and are of as tine ap
pearance as any seen in the Southern
States.
The specimens from the Gray— Madeira
Onyx Company's— property near Healds
burjr are indeed beautiful, and assist in
showing the varied resources of the State.
These specimens are of chrome iron, a
mixture in one piece of onyx, jasper and
serpentine; also onyx marble, meta'hc
paint rock, brown breccia marble and
"diamonite," a superior quality of sub
stance that can be used for polishing pur
poses.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Values settled again yesterday. The best price
tor Chollar was $2 55, against $2 75 on Tuesday,
and the other leading Blocks were off from Be to
10c Business was dull.
Belcher levied an assessment of 25c.
The current dividend of the Pacific Lighting
Company Is 35c per share, an Increase of 5c over
previous dividends.
The reports from the 300 . level of the Chollar
mine weep less favorable yesterday and a number
of orders to sell came from Virginia Ci(y.
At the annual meeting of the Merchants' Ex
change Bank (in liquidation) on Tuesday) the fol
lowing directors were elected: : Peter Dean. Ed
ward Coleman. John C. Coleman, Charles A. Latdn,
Jamea Simpson, Kdward Kruse, B. H. Patrldge,
Thomas V. O'Brien and John H. Wise. Peter
Dean wascnosen president, Edward Coleman vice
president and William a. M. Van Bokkelen secre
tary. The bank tins thus lar paid back $84 per
share to its stockholders.
In the Bodie Consolidated mine during the week
ending August 2 east crosscut 1 from the main
north drift 200 level was extended 14 feet, passing
through small seams of quartz. The face is in
soft porptury. Upraise from east crosscut 300
level was extended 30 feet. There is a small
scam of low-grade quartz about 10 inches wiae in
, the top of the raise. The winze below the 560
level was sunk five feet.
There Is a small seam of ore in the bottom of the
winze. Will start to drift north through the fault
from tne bottom of the winze to-day (August 2).
They have taken out and hoisted during the past
j week 6 cars of ore from the old fillings in the Gil
dea stope. 200 level, the estimated value of which
Is $20 per ion.
In the Bulwer Consolidated mine for the week
ending August 1, on the 200 level, stopes 8 and 0
above cast crosscut 2 show ore of good width but
of lower grade. On the tunnel level In raise 1 the
ore is about 2 Inches wide and not so good. In
raise 2, stope S, the seam is extremely small, but
will be followed a short distance south on the
chance of enlargement. In the south drift , from
the waste chute they are still moiling off the scale
from the old stope. In south drift on fourth floor
the seam from west crosscut 3 was followed 6. feet.
This is very uncer aln in size and value, but will
be followed some stance further us a prospecting
proposition. Extracted during the week 14 .tons
of ore, the assays of which range from $18 to $357
per ton, >
liOAl.1)
Following were thb sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
BFi-ruK HORNtyn HI" MTO- -~mrvrvrvci 9:30.
1000 Alpha. 100 Bulwer. .. BlllOO 0ccidt1.... 61
500 Alta 11!100Cha11ge...43 100 .....60
100 Cher... 38 1400 Choir. .2.50 SOU Potosi... 1.20
60 39 200 CC<_V...1.75 6005ava«.....73
350 8A8...... 90 400 H&N. .. 1.15 100 8eL..1l
100 8u11i0n.. .19 550 Mxcn . . . . 63 200 Uni0n.. ..49
200 8u1wer.... 32:200 .1.051100 YJa<jJt«i..4O
AFTKRNOOS BKSMO.V— I : II.
100 Alpha.. — 10i700 Ch0ir.. .2.45 100 0ph1r...1.05
200 Andes.... 3o 700 2.50 300 0vrmn....17
400 B * 8....8:> 100 CC&V..1.7U20U F0t0*1...1.15
400 Bodle 46200 G&C......69 Bay ...69
300 45 20» Mxcn.....59 100 Uni0n... 47
200 Bullion... lS 100 0cc1d.....69 300 ......... .46
200 17 _____ I
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
600 Aloha 091800 2.50:000 0ph1r...1.05
200 Alta. ...11 700 CCV lS/ 4 300 ....... 1.02%
300 Andes 31 150 Conn~..l.ou 1200 ....... 1.(10
•200 8e1cner... 35200 Con 1m... 02:200 P0:0j1..1.25
2100 31 300 Crwn Pi... 381950 1.20
400 B &8......87 100 Exchqr 06 »00 .......1.17%
500 ...86 600 G<_U.._..7o!t>oo 1.16
300 Bodle 50il200H<_N...]y 8 !600 9av 73
300 8u11i0n.... 19-200 Julia 07 500 Scorplon-05
300 8u1wer.... 32 800 Kentck....o7 800 58AM....10
200 CalPda.. -ltidOO L Wash.. .o4 600 B NT......62
250 Cbalng... 3411250 Mexn....61 1000 SU Hi 11. .02
900 Ch01r...._ 00 400 ...60 400 Union C.49
200 2.67% 300 Mono 17 iOO ....48
600 2.55400 Occd 60!3J0 Utah.... 10
200 2.52Vi1200 0vrmn....19 V JacKeC..3B
IJIFBVOOS SESSION— ?! IT.
300 Alt*. 10500 Ch0ir... 2. 501200 Overman. lß
400 Andes.... 3o 300 2.45100 P0t051.17%
100 Belcher. .34'tfOO _ 2.52 800 1.15
300 8&8......862000 C Imp . .0- 400 Save.... 73
200 85 300 C Point 38 500 58&M...1U
200 Bodie 50 300 G&C......70a00i5Nv......60
200 8u11i0n. ..18200 ....iy 8 200 Union... 48
100 8u1wer....31 1000 Alex bo 500 50
100 29 300 Mono 172U0 Utah. .....09
200 Challge.. .42 3oo Occd 60 300 V Jckt...Bß
200 CCV. 1.72% 201) 0ph1r1.02% 60 ............39
50 Conn.... 1.05;
CAUSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, August 5—4 *.',_ ;
£id.Asked. :I:< • - £ld.Atked.
Alpha Con. ... 10 11 Jackson 25 ■■ —
Alt*. 10 11 Julia. — 10
Andes. 30 31 Justice. 03 06
Belcher 34 35 Kentucfc.... 06 08
Best & Belcher 86 87 Lady Wash.... — Mb
Benton Con.. 15. —Mexican.;..... 69 61
Bodie *5 46 Mono — 19
Bullion 17 IS Nevada Queen.' 03 —
Bulwer. 30 32 North G <fe C. 07 —
Caledonia. — ' 13 Occidental. ... 59 60
Chollar... 2.60 2.5* Ophlr ....... 1.00 1.05
Cou.Cal<_Va..'.l.7o ' 1.75 Overman Its 17
Challenge Con. 41 43 Potosi 1.15-1.20
Con. Imperial. 02 t)3bavage ..;.... 70 71
Confidence 1.00 —5c0rpi0n....... 05 —
Con New York 04 —|Seg. Belcher... 10 12
Crown Point... 37 39 Syndicate ..... — .04
EastSierraNev — 04 silver, Hi 11.... 02 03
Eureka Con... — 25 sierra Nevada. 69 60
Kxcheauer — Ob LnionCon 47 48
Goula&Oarry. 69 70 Utah 09 10
Hale <_Norcrs. 1.10 1.1 5) Yellow Jacket. 40 42
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 6—3 F. K. {
tINITKD STATES BONUS.
Bid. Asked. Sid. Asked.
US 4s coup.. 106- — US 4s res... — 107%.
Do new issue! 12 — |
;■-;;::-. -isce-lankous bont*.
Cal-stCbleSs. 109 112 PacßoU MBl ._ • _
CalElecLßs — IVS3 Do 2d Is 65... — _
CntraCWss — 94 P*ORy6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp 94 99' P«_Chßy6s. — 112
EdsnL*P6sll7 119 Pwl-st RR6* — 116 V,
F«fcCHKR6s. - 105 Reno, WI4L - 106
Geary-stßss. — 107% Sacto P& L. — 102%
LosAngLOs. — 99 |HF<fcNPR6s. — 87*4
DoGuteed6j — ICO% SPRRAriz — —
Mkt-stCble6sl2o% — SPRRCaI 6s. — llOVa
DoßyConss-103 104 IsPRRCaI 6s. — —
NatVln6slst 96 — SPBrßCaie* — 99%
NevCNgß7s. 94 105 ;SV\Vater6s.. 119 119%
NP C KRtfi. - 108 SVWater4s.. 97% —
NByCai6s. — 101 BtktnG<tE6s — 100
NByCalss. — 100 SunsiT&Tfls. — - '
Oak Gas .102 - . Sntter-stßsa.lo9%i:o
Jjo is 65.. - 106 VisaliaWCti* — - ■
Omnibus os. 117 119%
WATKK STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 40 1 San Jose... — - _
Mann C 0.... 60 — |Sprng Valley 85% 96%
CAP BTOrK3-^jß^a& M
Capital....... — ■ SO Pacific Lleht - . 493/.
Central 95 — San Francsco — 90
OakUL&rl 51% 52% (Stockton..... — *0
PacGaalmp. - 83 j
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's 65 — . (Sun ...... ...2S 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. - — '-,' LondonP<feA. — 127
Anglo-CaJ.... — 58 ;London«tSF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 235 Merch Ex... 13 —
CaISDiTCo 63% - Nevada...... — —
FlrstNaiionL — 183 ' Saiher B Co. - .— '•",;;
SAVIN OS BANK STOCKS
RerS&LCo.l2oo '. 1800 savA Loan.. ■ — 100
HumbS&HlDO 1450 Security — 275
Mutual. - 40 Union Trust.76o ' —
BtsavUnlon — 485
STBKBT RAILROAD
California.. ..lo4 109 lOakSUtHar — 100
Geary-st. - 65 Presidio..... 7%' — '
Market-su... 40% 41%;sutter-5t.:... - T* -
1-OWUk.K STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCon... 17 18%
Eastern D... 70 75 Jodson U.^ - -^
Calltorma,... 70 -: ivijrorit.. ...... 96c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK*. TT
Alaska Piers. 90 .93 Nat Vln Co 1 — —
BlkncoalCo. - 10 Oceanic SSCo - 25
Cal Cot Mills — - PacAnxKA. 1 —
Edison Light — 114 PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Gascon Assn. — - Pac Roll Mill i --.
Ger Lead Co. 85 — Part PaintCo • 6«A 7iA
HawC&SCo_ 1«% 18%PacTr*nsCo: -^ 24^*
Hutch SPCo 20% 208/* Pac T<tT Co. - 90
JlerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset T<feT 41 — -
JI Elec Light — 4% United UCo. -25
BAI.JSB— MOK.N»N t BI3SIU*.
■ Board— : : "SSSaeefflsj?; ■■-:
15 Hawaiian Commercial... ■ 17 no
60 Htitchinson SPCo... -"- "" 20 75
■20 Market-st Railway.... " " 407s
j3oti V Water..;..............".";;"";; 86 75
i ::«' ■'.'■>'■ :.-.'BAiJts— siasro*.
Board— -
25 UutchlnsonS P Co. 20 75.\
1 25 do do , .............v.;..;.:::: . 20 H2V.
115 do do 20 60
20 Market-st flaUway......-...... r ....-. # i 41 00 * ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
KERB IS DISCHARGED,
The Keeper of San Andreas
Lake Deprived of His
Position.
He Was Twenty Years in the Ser
vice of the Water Com
pany.
The angling fraternity will be surprised
to learn that James Kerr, who has been
for twenty years in the service of the
Spring Valley Water Company as keeper
of San Andreas Lake, was discharged on
Saturday last. Mr. Kerr has not the re
motest idea why he waß discharged. In
fact, the company refused to inform him
what he had done to merit such severe
treatment. He thought that owing to his
long and faithful service for the company
ho was at least entitled to an explana
tion. The anglers of the City regret very
much the departure of Mr. Kerr from San
Andreas Lake, and a petition is now being
signed by many stockholders of the com
pany and business men of this City, who
have been treated in a most courteous
manner by Mr. Kerr when they had occa
sion to viait the lake in question, asking
the company to reconsider its order of
dismissal of an old and respected em
ploye.
The following letter has been received
from a member of the Sportsmen's Club
of Truckee, which should merit the atten
tion of the Fish Commissioners. The
writer says:
Yesterday I was fishing with a friend a few
miles below Boca, when three Indians ap
peared. They carried muzzle-loading shot
guns and each one had a sack on bis shoulder.
1 immediately suspectea that the natives were
returning from a hunt and I compelled them
to open one of the sacks, which contained thir
teen grouse. Now. as the grouse season will
not open here for a few week's yet, I think tnat
something should be done to teach those
Indians a lesson.
I understand that those same Indians have
teen killing grouse in this vicinity for some
weeks and the result of the slaughter will be
the cleaning out of the flocks before the
season will open when grouse can be lawfully
killed. I also understand that the Fish Com
missioners have n deputy stationed at White
Rock Lake to protect Mr. Emerlc's interests.
If the deputy paid Boca a visit and caused the
arrest of those who persist in killing game
out of season, the sportsmen of this place
could say a good word for the commission.
A jolly crowd of sportsmen left this City
yesterday for two wteks' outing near Dry
Creek, which place is about fifteen miles
northwest of Cloverdale. The pleasure
party was composed of Colonel P. Boland,
Thomas Shaw. W. Kerrigan. D. Hear
rieid, J. J. O'Farrell and three other sports
men whose names could not be ascer
tained.
Latest intelligence from Cloverdale is to
tne effect that deer are very plentiful in
the vicinity of where the sportsmen pro
pose pitchinecamp, and that trout-fishing
is also good.
There are several hunting parties camped
in Sonoma County now, and as the season
for shooting deer expired on the 4th inst.,
those who continue the pursuit of
deer may have to pay dearly for their
sport if arrested. In Sonoma County the
season opened on July 22 and closed Au
gust 4.
In Lake County the season opened on
August 1 and will close on October 1.
Al Newman and Colonel P. Molloy
bagged five deer last Sunday near Geyser
ville.
Lloyd Eaton, Frank Hoffling and Charles
Dietz returned yesterday from Mendocino
County, where they had three weeks' first
class sport. They came home with a buck
which dressed 142 pounds.
Mr. Crowell of the Breeder and Sports
man and a friend shot three fine bucks last
Sunday in the vicinity of Skaggs Springs.
BUCKLEY ATTACHES.
O. F. "Willoy's Old Friend Wants His
Debt Secured by Something Tangible.
The financial troubles of O. F. Willey,
the Montgomery-street carriage and har
ness dealer, were further complicated
yesterday, by the placing of an attachment
for $8000 on his property by Christo
pher A. Buckley, the political boss, with
whom Willey was on more than friendly
terms during his prosperous days.
The suit whica Buckley brings against
Willey is for money advanced.
. . » ♦ — .
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CAM/—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Olay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, ©pen
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICK OF MJiKTINGa.
»^ss=» CALIFORNIA LODGE, NO. 1, F. m
B-^ and A. M., will meet THIS (THURS- • A
DAY) EVENING, August 6, at 7::iO"«V
o'clock. Stated meeting. By order of the/x^*
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OSS» DORIC LODGE NO. 216. F. AND •
»-«' a. M. — Stated meeting THIS ffk
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 'X _f
By order of the W. M. /V>
: ADOLPH KRONBERO, Secretary.
■53- MEMBKKS OF POCAHU.NTAS
BESS' Tribe, No. 11, Imp. O. B. M., are^V,____.
requested to attend the funeral of our \ff>.
deceased brother, GEORGE M. P. VARY, from
his late residence, - 817 '■-'• Pout ' St., THIS - DAY
(Thursday), August 6. 1896, at 2 p.m. . :
>*&&s*£**§£&& J. J. Hit; GINS, Sacnem.
• Rat A. Hard, C. of R. •••'• - ■ ; •■■ •
WtsS* OFFICE OF THE GERMAN SAVINGS
B»-^ and Loan : society— The annual . meeting of
the stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society, No.
526 California street, In the City and County of
.San Francisco, State of California, on MONDAY,
the 10th day of August. 1896, at - : o'clock p. _:.,
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as shall legally come- be lore the
meeting. GKO. TOURNY. Secretary.
Ml t Hi '■; NOTICES.
rS> THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
m^' Asylum and Home Society hereby give
notice that they have admitted into theorpnanase
from January 1, 1896. to July 1. 1896, the follow-
ing half-orphan girl* and boys, viz.: 1 Ruth 'Adier,
age 5 years: i-arry Bernstein, age 3 years 10
months; Charles Bt-rusteln, age 7 years 3 months:
Fanny Bernstein, a-{c 11 years 8 months; Lottie
Jaffe, age 8 years 4 months; Esther Mayern, age
4 years 7 months; Lewis Marks, age 4 yean 7
months: Henry Lacomy, a&e 4 years 6 months:
Joseph Michaels, age 5 years 3 months:. Ben
Michaels. »ge 12 years 2 month*; Solomon Robin,
son, aged 4 years 11 months: Jacob Robinson,
age 6 years 6 months: David Hen warts, age 6
years 11 months: Bertha Schwartz, age 11 year*
1 month; Ellas Schwartz, age 11 years 11 months:
and Herbert G. Wiener, age 4 years 0 months.
CS 1 RHEUMATISM OF 6 YEARS CURED
Q^*^ In 8 weeks. Consultation free. 305 Eddy
street.
R^S* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
»«*'.■, collections made, : city or country.' ■> Paclflo
Collection Co.. 415 Mont«y St., room 8. Tel. 6580.
■prs=» dr. bayer kkmovku him office
"^•^ to 14 Grant aye : residt-nce 1703 Geary m.
SITUATIONS . HAMKU KKIIALK.
C; B. HANSKN~_~CO^ 110 OEARY .ST..
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mall ux your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. - v ;...
OMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES -A -. POSl-
tion as working housekeeper: j will .do | Ilcbt
housework: moderate wages: country preferred;
good references. . Call for % days 734 Howard st.
TEACHES OP PHYSICAL ■■-- AND : VOICE
X training would like to teach In boarding-school
In return. i or home and sniHli wages: references.
Address Teacher, tox 72. Call Office.';-; ,?*-:.:
YOUNG GIRL. WISHES SITUAUIO.V to DO
■• ' housework in - private family; experience In
cooking. Please call 1007 Natoma at., off Eleventh,
between Howard and Mission. ' :; •■.
TEADY,. RELIABLK GIRL DESIRES PO-
O altion: general honsework and cooking; waeea
$20 to $25. Cair until Friday evening, 168 Lcx-
lngton aye , near Nineteen at. '-;■'. - : ? ;. v
T) ELIA 0 1 IS L '*■ WANTS :, POSITION YIN
XV respectable family: light housework or second;
no objection to country: good reference. . Address
409 atevenson st., oft. Fifth. ■ . '. : '. .' . " .; '
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES A Si TUA-
O tlon in a private family. doing general house-
work;: city preferred. y Address or, apply 19 Clara.
WOMAN WANTS POSITION TO DO
. X second work Id boarding-house. Call 129 Perry.
FiTTTATIONS WANTED— ContlnneYi;
V AfcBRICAK WIDOW DKSIRES ■ A
X position as hots keeper; city or country.
Room 12, 995 Market su. ; -■'.''' • - '
pOMPETENT COLORED WOMAN WISHES
■V^ situation- general housework; good plain cook.
917 Powell st. ■■; •' .: ;■'• ' •-..:.-■'■- i
RELIABLE LADIES'.NURSE WANTS r EN-
X^ gagements: confinement or invalid: terms
moderate. Address MRS. STANLEY, 322 Fifth.
UIRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DKSIRES SIT-
X nation: reference; wages s3o. 1104 Larkin st.,
cor, butter. ■ ■ -.- ■>-..- ...--.', • ■ ' '
IV middle-aged woman wishes
* position to do housework in small ' family;
city, moderate wages. -apply 650 Mission. room 3.
ADY WISHES POSITION as CASHIER in
restaurant; city or country: .» references ex-
changed. j L. M., box 15, Call office.
\\ OMAN TO GO OUT BY THE DA I: WASH-
» ».. ing, ironing and housecleaning. Address HA)
Hayes st., near Fillmore. In basement. :■■■ - --
V OUNG GIKL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X secondwork or would take care of baby. Please
call at 32lVa Tehama, between fourth and Fifth.
1 ITTLE GIKL OF 15 YEARS WOULD LIKE
XJ a place to do light housework: wages not less
than $8: sleep home. Call at 621 Minna St., rear.
W r ANTED BY FIRST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS
" on dressmaking engagements by the day or
week. . : Apply 1 34 Bartlett st. .", : -'.■. '
pOMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION
\J to do housework : no objection to short distance-
.in country. Apply 26 Haight st. '
YOUNG LADY from THE EAST wishes a
X position, general housework. Call or address
226 Turk st. .: ; ■ .. ,
BY GERMAN WOMAN TO DO COOKING OR
housework : city or country. Call 1024 How-
ard st., room 20. ■ '.'■' -■ ■ ' ■ "' • ' ' -
OUNG GIRL WISHES TO -.-ASSIST , IN :
X light housework. Apply 212 Grove at.
ADY WISHES situation as HOUSE-
keeper; city or country. 28% Sixth, room 4- ,
"TVRESSMAKER, GOOD FITTER AND DRA-
AJ per, sews 50 cents a day. M. C, box 99, Call. ;
ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK AS
X laundress or any kind of housework, house-
cleaning or sewing. Call or address 2106 Golden
Gate, near Central avenue. .
YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
lap ace to do housework a few hours a day;
can furnish the best of city references. Please
call at 534 Second st. ' ■' ' '"■■ '- •-' ; ■
V OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AT SEO
X ond work or chamberwork, with privilege of
attending evening school. Please call 418 Post !
St., city. ' ■ • -
EXPKRIENCED RESTAURANT WAIT- |
XJ ress wants situation; small wages; no niters.
Call or address Waitress, 225 Fourth <t- ■
pERMAN GIR». WISHES SITUATION TO
VJ do housework and plain cooking. 818% Sara-
toga court, Geary st.. room 4. '
IF IN NEED OF DRESSMAKER, CUTTER OR
seamstress apply at MCDOWELL Dressmaking
School, 636 Market sU, opp. Palace Hotel.
YOUNG COLORED LADY WISHES ALL
X kinds of mending. 28% Hunt at, off Third,
near Howard.
C COMPETENT GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
) tion to do second work or general housework.
Please call 1008 Powell sl. " .
YOUN_~~"WOMAN WISHES PLACE AS
X housekeeper, city or country. ' Address House-
keeper, 1148 Sutter St., third floor, room 35.
VOONG GERMAN GIRL WISHEb SITUA-
A tlon to do housework and pjain cooking. Call
or write 31 Twenty-eighth, near Guerrero.
ERMAN GIRL (27) WISHES SITUATION
VT to do general housework in small family. Call
915 A Post St. ':■':■ -V. \
■YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO KEEP
1 house for gentleman; city or country. Ad-
dress, with references, A., box 150, Call Office.
WOMAN WANTS POSITION TO ASSIST IN
f> light housework with Christian or spiritual
amlly. Address Home, box 101, Call Office. ■-:■ - ;
OWISS-GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
O tlon for general housework and sewing. Please
call or address 711 Mission at. ' ]
ITUATION WANTED AS CHAMBERMAID
in rooming-house or hotel; no waiting. Apply
1065 a Howard st. ; ' ;-■•'■'•' ■ -'- - ■ ■■■ ■ -
VI IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS BITUA-
I'J ' tlon to ;do general housework: -low wages;
good cook. Address G. C, box 109, Call Office. .
1, R X N C H LADY, JUST FROM FRANCE,
X wishes position as cook, general houseworker '
Or nnrse. Apply MRS. MARTIN, 814 Jackson st. I
TTirFDOW WITH BEST OF REFERENCES
tt would care for an elderly coup'.e's house in ex-
change for two or three unfurnished rooms. Ad-
dress box 8, Call Office, Oakland. ;
•VTiiW~YORK DRESSMAKER, FIRST-CLASS
i." cutter and fitter, wishes a few more engage-
moms by the day; terms $2 50. Address N. V., '
I box 28, Call Office.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; plain sewer. 777 Market, room 18
PANISH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OF
Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper. '
Apply 105 Larkin st., room 2.
YV INCHES 1 EP. HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., MR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggatre 10 and from the ferry.
SITUATION.* \VANTJ_D— AIA_.J_.
CR. HANSEN & CO, 110 GEARY BT., FUR-
. nish haymakers, threshing crews, ; harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and . wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers,", mechanics, . cooks, • waiters, hotel
and restaurant and . laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed. ]
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V^ office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO.. 640 Clay.
■J7HRST-CLASS NORWEGIAN WISHES
X I ation as , coachman; understands tbe care of
fine horses; or will take gardening or general
worK, or porter and janitor work : sober, steady
and willing; handy In or out doors; first-class ref-
erences. Address 11. P., box 79, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED ;
0 man: practical orchardlst ; capable of taking
care of any kind of orchard or as working foreman;
wages moderate; references. Address A. 8., box
63, Call.
Vi,' ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN, POSITION AS
TT collector, grocery clerk or anything of respon-
sibility: can give references and bonds if required.
Adddress FRED BEHRENS, Y. M. C A., 208
Mason st.
RACTICAL CALIFORNIA POULTRYMAN
-I desires situation; expert -on '- incubators and
brooders; first-class references from largest farms
on coast. Address Practical, box 160, Call office.
VI AN AND : WIFE WITHOUT CHILDREN
Ii- want position on grain ranch; thoroughly un-
derstand the business. Call or address J. _;. W.,
324 Tenama st. .->""
AM ELL-KNOWN HOTEL MAN WANTS PO-
*f sltion in hotel or rooming-house: will buy if
satisfactory after trial. Address W., box 16, Call.
YOUNG MAN, GOOD BREAD BAKER,
X wants situation tln: a 1 bakery to • learn pastry-
baking. Address P. 8., box 114, Call Office. .-- •
BOY, 19, WOULD LIKE PLACE TO LEARN
carriage-blacksmithing; has some experience;
city or country. Address 459 Minna street. '
SITUATION WANTED AS; ENGINEER , OR
fireman by licensed young man; understands .
ice machinery and dynamos. Engineer, 17 Third.; j
THIRST -CLASS JAPANESE COOK WISHES
X position; with good references. ;; Address H. N.,
box 88, Call Oflice. ;
ENii ; . KI-.KS— POSITION BY* COMPETENT
man: familiar with electrical lights. Address
LOUIS B. GORDON, 17 Van Ness aye. ; ~ - ■
\\ ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN (GERMAN)
tt work: wash dishes, assist in cobkiug. wait on
table or other work; city 'or country . .Pleas* ! ad-
dress H. MILLER, 55 second St., room 4. t■. _ __
AN TED-SITUATION, BY REGISTERED
•T : druggist: speaks German and some Spanish;
tome work accepted; references. Address Drugs,
box 53, Call Office;; "- "
JURST-OLASS SHIRT FINISHER, MARKER
ami distributer want* situation In laundry. Ad-
dress 8. L., box 142, Call Office. . . . . ■"-. . .- .:
pitACI'ICAL PLUMBER WANTS POSITION
A or Is capable of managing: shop: can furnish
finite «ss references. Address P.. box 52, Call.
L IRST-CLASS CELLAR MAN (GERMAN)
1 wants situation; ciiy or country. Address A.
M.'. 838 Rush au-:y- '
pKUHAN COOK AND. BAKER WANTS A
" i situation in hotel or restaurant: city or coun-
try. Address li. P., 217 Second st. : '■
WANTED— POSITION AS foreman on
ff, ranch by mnrriod nmn; references.. Address
Foreman, box 19, all olilco. -<.■■-■■■■
"(JUNO MAN v 'WANTS A POSITION AS
clerk in a hotel or ro.itnurant: can give best of
reference. Address Clerlt. i»>\ .V.!, Call.
POSITION WANTED I>V A F"l s i CLASS XV-
X glneer + and olpolrtolnn to run electric light
plant; brut .if l«ter*nc«t. • Address K. OUK-N-
-THER, 1419 KverPUHt,, Alatncda.'-- __ _____
A T hi \i. MAN >v"ANTr« SITUATION ,IN
'X- eipctrlrnl bdslnexsi ! n««lori»|p wages. . C. B.
•s PALL, tetiet-l rtf lty^r.____y. -.-
\\'.v\mi. :i 1 1 « 1 t"\ Xl 1 HKH tSNIUHT
i»f: watchman pon« coUe.ctoror drive delivery
wagon: best of reference unit boi'd given. Address
CAMl'l'l, .: wilt I 1 t 1307 Doiorca aU
KiilMni sWKDtBtJ HAW WANTS SIT-
X\> UAtionl is |(tooil . Biiril«tiPi unit rn.'ichmaii; can
run RRRiillno ni,,;|i.»: prpferj ,» ' private plnce, city,
or count > sovhl rpfpipmes. Address •R. 8., •■ box
66, Call Oftlcp. ■■■■' ' -■'■"! :_'_■ : '■■ - '. :'"""'' '-•/■-.
\\- in lt>| ft HOUIS, *+ THIRD, NEAR
.f » MnrVot Klpctrld ii hi« lln *v*rjr room; 200
roomst 280 to #1 M i per u'Bnt: »1 60 to $6 per
_s_Wt fri>ebu»anit lm»»wio»»il from the ferry.
.VOUfJU MAN, «1 HNAN, WHO HAS BEEN :
I working It) dellcrtrlM »tid grocery builness
wants «pPnitlon."'AdHre»a A. LI KR.VNPA, 2163
M "in. tin nvi>,, A l«m«Hl a." -'■--' '- : ■-- . - . '-'■ : * ■-■■'■'
\V in. ill -it 1. n. .OK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Iff < Market-. Klpctrlo : lluttts In J . every room; 200
room*; i.T)o in .fl mi DX nlsht; $1 50 to $S per
w ••»•!£: tin.- 1 u« ami I'm ■■•»■ '' to anil from the I>iT'.- :
ll.i)IAi,K ; iu; li* wanted.;
c \\r a i r u i S3 AND ASsisT \VITH f CHAMBER-
'work: ateady; country hotel; $20. MURRAY
* HhaiiV, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
-638 Cay »v _ , , '
HEtP f. WANTED— Contlnrtert.^J^
SECOND GIBL AND I SEWING, JCITY, i $15 ;
girl or woman ;to ti.ke care I two children and
assist. $15; woman to a-slst In lodalng-honse and
do cooking. 915: German girl or woman to assist
In private boarding-house, dty, $15. V C. B. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st. .; ' V .'
OOD GEBMAN COOK, PRIVATE FAMILY,
VJT city. 925: second girl, same place, $15: good
cook, private family, city, $20; cook, boardinz-
house, city, 925. C. R. HANBEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st. .: -> : . ".--"' '.r '*.'■• - :
EXPERIENCED HANDS IN A STEAM
laundry, city, 910 a week: experienced hands
for steam laundry, near city, $35. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st. .
ANTED— NEAT GIRL FOR COOKING AND
housework in American family. $25 : 4 Ironers
in institution , and laundry. $26 and $10 per week;
cook, plain wash, ■. a short distance, $30: nurse.
$20: 4 cooks in German families.'s2s and $30:
cook for small board ing-house, $25; 3 chamber-
maids and waitresses, 8] 6, $18 and $5 a week,
and girls for cooking and housework in city and
country. J. F. CBOSETT <fc CO., 312 Sutter st. ,__
WANTED— AMERICAN COOK. $25: AMKRI-
enn second girl, $20: girls for honsework, $25
and $20;: German cook, $25; second girl, $15.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton at.
VOUNO NURSE GIKL, $10: HOUSEWORK
1 girl, $15; housework girls, Mill. Valley,' s2s;
Oakland $25, Berkeley $20: 10 housework girls,
city and country, $20 ■ and $25; 6 young girls, as-
sist, $10 to 915. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
FRENCH SEAMSTRESS, $20: GERMAN OR
French cook, $36; secona girl, $20: nurse, 915.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter at.
ANTED— A GIRL TO COOK. SUN LAUN-
dry, 764 Seventh st., Oakland.
COOK, CALAVERAS COUNTY; $25; MINING
town. MISB CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
SISTERS OR FRIENDS, 925 AND $20, AS
cook and second girl. MISS CULLEN, 328
Sntter St. _^ ■•■ , . ,
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20, ROOM,
etc: girl In family of three, $20, call early;
17 housework girls, 916 to $20 per month: 13
young girls,' $8, $10 and 912 per month, assist,
etc., nice families: 7 German, 9 Swedish and 3
Danish girls. MARTIN'S, 749 Market St.
pOLORED GIRL; HOUSEWORK; SANTA
\J Rosa: fare paid. MARTIN'S, 749 Market at.
pEKMAN, DANES AND SWEDISH GIRLS
VT can obtain places by applying at Oakland
Employment Bureau, 872 Broadway. J. P
JOHNSTON A CO. ,
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS MATRON FOR
French hospital; one speaking both English
and French preferred. Applications stating sal-
ary expected to be addressed to 318 Post st. before
5 P. M., Wednesday, August 12, 1896. ■ •; >^
T> EFINED PROTESTANT GIRL 14 YiSAB3
XV old to care for infant or young children ; com-
petent to Instruct, beginners on tbe piano; wages
$5 per month and a home. 1607 Mission st.
IBL for LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND
plain cooking; good home in San Rafael; state
wages expected. J. R. R., P. O. box 1876, city.
IRLS TO WAIT AT -TABLE IN COUNTRY
vJT, saloon. Boom 27, 1126 Market st,; call 12 to
3p. _"•■■■:".»■•■■ ■ . ' ■ ■
T ADY WITH SMALL CAPITAL IN CANDY
Xj store. . 8510 Twenty-fifth,' opposite Valencia-
at. depot. .
OOD FINISHER AND APPRENTICE ON
custom coats. 1044 Howard at.
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK WANTED AT 123
VJT Taylor st. :\
PKLIABLE LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
Xx business. Call r. 'Hi. 131 lost, 10 to 5 o'clock.
IRL WANTED TO WORK IN A Ri-.STAU-
rant. 722 Howard st.
V OUNQ GIRL: ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; wages $8 to $12. . 623b Natoma st.
TEADY GIRLS WHO UNDERSTAND
pants finishing. 307 Clementina st.
T?XPERIENCED 'CLOAK FINISHER. 16
XJ Turk st. ,~. ■'.-, : . - ■- -
WA.NTKD-roDXG LADY TO LEARN BAR-
" * ber trade. Address 8., box 14, this office. .
IRL; LIGHT HOUSEWORK; CARE 2 CHlL-
dren; small wage*. Call forenoon, 1625 Post.
"V OUNG GIRL TO HELP LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; good home; small wages. ■■: 1721% Hyde.
WOJIAN, NOT OVER 60, ASSIST AT HOUSE-
ff work: 910. 1021 Van Ness aye.
r\ IRL WANTED TO ASSIST WITH GENER-
VT al housework. 1920s Filbert.
T\RESBMAKER, $2 PER DAY. MISS CU._-
U. LEN, 323 Sutter at. .- j -...;
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
on fruit. Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Brannao su, between .Third
and Fourth. :
\Xf ANTED — OFFICE^GIRL, WHO IS A.
»f stenographer and typewriter; - hours short.
Address H. S. A., box 117, Call Office, stating sal-
ary expected.
"DEFINED, EDUCATED GERMAN GIRL TO
XV take care of - grown children and do sewing:
refereuce required. Inquire 1356 Post St., bet. 1
and 2 o'clock. -_ - ' - -• "- ■•" -*•' v
ANTED— OR 3 -YOUNG LADIES FOR
course of portrait-painting and photography;
good opportunity.' Address M., box 66, Call Office.
\ T O NO GIRL, ABOUT 16 YEARS. TO A*-
I slat; light housework and baby. Call 530 jer-
sey st. ■;,;:-»■
I>>.SPECTABLE GERMAN OIRL FOR GEN-
XV eneral housework. 212 San Jose aye., nr. 24th.
PUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
Vila week. FLYNN, 14 McAllister St.. r. 67.
AIRDRES.^ING. 250 AND 86c: MOKNINIi
and eve classes; 101essons,91 50. 1248 Mission.
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st., 1059 th.
EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
J Ing: $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market at.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market;
200 rooms; . 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
p«-r week": free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE UJ_Li' WA-NTEU. ~~
ookTs3oThe i ad WArr^RriisTwATTEß^
country hotel. $26: waiter-boy, $15 to $20:
dishwasher, $16 ', concentrator, 93 day: black-
smith, $30; sand teamster »nd ; take charge of
slab es. $26: 3 drillers, city. 91 50 day; 5 men to
dig ditches, $16: tie makers. MURRAY <&
BEADY. Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay st. -.' ■:--.:.•.. -/.s- •-,-/,..•- '-^. •■:■..■■■ v.. ■; -. -. ■
4 MINERS FOR AN ASPHALT MINE, 91 25
a day and board, see party here: farmer and
wife, '930: : 4 farmers, $15 to $20: man about
place, country, 20. C. R. HAN-EN & CO., 110
Geary at. "" ■; ■.'■'-"-■; .{-. ■■ .. . ■ - '■'.- \ ' :
SECOND ■:.- COOKS, COUNTRY • HOTELS
north. $60;' French or German second cook,
$60: pastry cook and baker, hotel, $60; all-round
laundry man for plain work in an Institution, $35:
broiler for restaurant, $66; second cook for hotel,
$35; second cook for a mining camp, $35; pantry-
man for springs, $20: cook: for a mining camp,
940. 4C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary at.
/-I EKM AN, ; ITALIAN ■OR • JAPANESE GAR-
VI dener can have the lease for a number of years
of 10 acres of grounds in 'flowers, with hothouses,
water supply, etc. : all in a huh state of cultiva-
tion: near the city. For particulars apply to C. R.
HAXSEN A CO., 110 Geary at. ■ .■■■-'
ANTED— YOUNG ■ WAITER FOB SMALL
country restaurant, $20 and found: waiter,
$25; young man for doctor's office, must be handy
with tools, $16 and found; dishwasher, 915; you
Frenchman to assist pastry cook, $20; French
boy. hotel, $10, etc. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
TED-FARMER AND , WIFE, 950; 2
minor*, $30 and found; old man | to care for
fruit ranch, tunnel men, laborers, restaurant cook,
$35; cook lor men, $20; waiters, etc. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT <fcCO., 628 Sacramento st. ■: . • :
WAN TED— FRUE-CONCENTRATOR „ MAN,
"-» » .-3 day; night foreman for electric-car house,
and others. Apply to J. F. CBOSETT; A CO., 628
Sacramento St. .*•.' ■-■ '
\\J ANTED— 2 MORE MINERS, SHORT DIS-
TT tance, $52 per month; blacksmith helper.
$20 and found; farmers, milkers, laborers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st. ;■■ "■ ' . .' ;..' ■: '. ' '
/I KRMAN " COOK. 945 AND ROOM. MAR-
VT TIN'S, 749 Market st. ■■.'..■. '-'.-.
pKKMAN WAITER, 925 AND ROOM. MAR-
VJT TIN'S, 749 Market st. - *
EAD WAITER, $25 AND > ROOM. MAR-
TIN'S. 749 Market at. .-:■
OY FOR A HARDWARE-STORK, $1 PER
XJ day. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. ■
IV" ANTED— STEADY MAN; FOR \ PERMA-
II : nent position: will be assured $75 per month,'
with an increase if I energetic; * no night or Sunday
work: must hare $150 cash. Apply at 777 Market
»t., room 7. - : . - : - '■"'.■ •■;<•■.-'■ ■■■.'•■ - ' :- -." ■■■
THONG YOUNG MAN OF PLEASANT AD-
dress to ' drive - delivery ■ wagon ■ in ; Oakland:
state quail lications a nd references;' rustler' pre-
ferred. *; Address J. R. DEAN, Berkeley. \ . '-
1/ I KSt-CLASS ; SOLICITORS '.'.■; ON '- ADVER-
X tlsements and subscriptions. Apply Illustrated
World, 623 Montgomery su .;. ; . .
T/IRST -CLASS TRIMMER ? AND . LACE
X* salesman. a Address O. A., box 73, Call Office. .;
PAINTERS WANTED~AT r 242BTGEA'BY' StT:
Xs2 per day. ;•'.'-; :. •;::
OY TO WORK IN BAKERY. 1045 VALEN.
cia st. '■ r""- ■--; :•'-".- :;>.:;■■:,;. '-::;-.-.•-„.: ,
OUNG PRESBMAN ON PANTS. 307 CLEM-
X r:i i:ia St., near Fourth. ..v • ; 1 % i
O\ v WANTED— I 2 TO 16 .YEARS OLD. - 767
Market st. , : 'i< i--j '. , -!->.:•? "'":.* ,
AILORS WANTED; GOOD PAY. 246CLEM-
entinast. „ -,-;* "» ' .. . < ■'
\\T ERRAND-BOYS. 14 McALLIS-
■■•»" terst., room 19. > ; : -'"• V i
PERA TORS AND COAT-MAKERS WANT-
ed, 106 Battery st. : ; v .
VI AN WITH SMALL i CAPITAL IN CANDY
JTJ store. 3510 ; 26th at., opp. Valencia-at. depot.
STEAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
X) 6c; 2 aide dishes free. 636 Clay st.
M.AN WANTED . IN. THE > COUNTRY TO
work In tbe house > and garden in return for
home and clothes; must be sober, trustworthy and
willing; ■• no others ' need apply; . references . re-
quired. IBy letter only to KITTO, Larkspur Sta-
tion, Marin County, Cal. --:.-/.'ftS^S3_ft^sSSßBi
'-;.-■-■. 1:' ': - :'■■ •■. "• ■■■-■■• ,-■:•.: •
HELP f-.W ANTED— Contlnned. '\'. __ .
TTT ANTED-BARBER, TAILOR <> OB MILLI-
;f f ncr to rent nice store cheap. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market at.; .-..-■ ■,;..: . . ' ■..-.
ANTED— A - RELIABLE MAN TO BUN
small steam launch; this side of bay ; short
hours. Address E., box 150. Call Office. .--. '■. '.
WANTED— PAIN TI G, - CARPENTERING,
part payment on house rent. ■■; Ability, box
109, Call. r / ■•--,-: ; ■ .■■..,.■■-
A' OUNG MAN TO ASSIST IN OFFICE WORK:
A ; duties light: experience not • necessary: .will
pay $75 per month: deposit required, $150. uEO.
BTEWAKT, 602 Market st. ;. ,;_: '.:,'■
Hf ANTED— FIRST-CLASS COAT OPERATOR^
*» L. M. WOOD & CO., cor. Powell and Eddy.
ABBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
IJAKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
Tir ANTED- . THE , UNITED STATES
if Marine Corps, U. . 8. -navy, able-bodied, an-
mtrrled men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less : thin 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate haoits; , able to read, j
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions :o becom ■ citizens will be
accepted: this . Important branch of the naval
service otters special Inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the word on board our
new cruisers. For further In form at ion apply at the
BecruMng Office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
TVTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET. j
1\ 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nisht 1 5c to
50c; week $1 to 92 50 ;readlng- room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
UNNY BOOMS j'ROM $1 TO $3 PEtt WEEK.
The New Grand, 245 Third at. . ■ •
_> ,i PANTS TO ORDER; LATEST STY £_"
$4 WERTHMAN Pants Co., 22% Geary at. -
ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY. DESIRES
business partner capital. 122 Post St., r.2.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c. : LADIES, 40&;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel branch 767 Market, opp. Will <fc Flnck'a,3.F'
ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand; shoes to order, 93 50; hand-sewea
shoes, 95. 726% Howard at., bet. Third and Fourth
\\T INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
TT Market; 200 rooms. 26 cents a night; reading-
room free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
TOURNEYMEN BARBEBS' LOCAL UNION,
v No. 27. J. B. I. U. Of A, Employment Bureau,
102 Seventh st. ; ' ■-' ' "--"'■'-■ '-' - ; .''
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOB SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission at., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, 92 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
\\T ANTED— EXPERIENCED NEWSPAPER
f> canvassers; salary and- commission: must
furnish bond or security. Apply after Ip. Jt. to
836 Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
BOY FOR A STORE: MUST SPEAK. GEB- .
man. 1008 Market st. .
T ODGINUS, 6c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacifi'. below Kearny.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
tt some simple thin; -to 1 patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & fO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize oiler
and list of 200 inventions wanted. .
WE HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES.
tt selling at less than one-fourth their value; case
off shoes bought or exchanged. v 562 Mission st.
A*/' ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 25c
■ ' f night: $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st. .
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night; $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-1 ' sts.; single tarnished rms 76c week, 16c night.
ES.-REM.OVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
Il\f\ MEN TO TAKE . LODGING AT lOC, 15c
-LV'l/ and 20c a night, Including cofiee and rolls,
624 Washington at., near Kearny. " '".
EST IN CITY--&ING' E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. 9i. $1 25. $1 60 per week.:
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. • . . "
.'\\ft£ ARK bHOls DOCTORS: WE REPAIR
»f your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your: work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
C 62 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
OOMS 15c TO 760 PER NIGHT: 600 TO »1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
ANTED— LABORERS AND s MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver . House, 217 Third st. : 160
large rooms: 26c per nigh:; 91 to $3 per week.
\\r ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY; 91
* " »'»efc: I rooms for two, 260 a day, 91 60 at week; -
reading-room: dally papers. ' 36 Clay ac i
LCJUO HOUSK, 883% MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c., 26c. to 60c. night; $1 to $2 week.
-\/l EN TO PEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
Ii all grocers keep it.
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ern < feclerl{s. > KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sotter
WANTED— MEN TO LKABN BARBER
tt trade; only 8 weeks reouired; tools given and
catalogue sent S. F. Barber School. 1510 Howard.
AGKKTd WANTJio.
ADY OANVASSERS WAN D: GOOD
commission. J., box 64, Call Office.
A GENTS-"BRYAN, BEWALL AND FREE
J\. Silver" covers the campaign ground; Bryan a
prodigy: will inspire more enthusiasm than nil the
other candidates. F. PERSON. Manager Sub-
scription Department. The Whltaker & Ray Com-
pany. 723 Market st.
T ADY AND GENTLEMAN AGENTS WAST-
A.I ed everywhere: large profits. - 104% Leaven-
worth su ' ' •
VIEW PROPOSITION FOR PICTURE
■If agents: call and investigate. 432 Sntter st.
; booms wanted.
OOM AND BO ARD IN ' PBI V ATE FAMILY
by young man.V. POPOFF, 637 California st.
PKOPJ_KTx' WANTED.
TT ments, a house »nd lot In this county; price
not to exceed $1200. Address Buyer, box 73. Call.
' \VA>TJiI>— JtXSiOiiLiAiAJNJEOUs.
WANTED— TO BUY A STEAM BOILER OF
26 horsepower, and also a steam engine of 8
or 10 horsepower. Apply 327 Montgomery aye.
ANTED— SECOND-HAND LETTER-COPY-
ing press; cheap.. Address P.O. box 2247.
ANTED — SECOND-HAND STORK FlX-
tures for dry goods. Z., box 65, this office.
IGHEST PRICE FOR CAST-OFF CLOTH-
ing and shoes. BERKOWITZ, 534 Pacific st.
TV" ANTED — SMALL DRUGSTORE; OAK- !
f f land or Frisco. Address 968 Twenty-seventh
at., Oakland.
•\\T ANTKD— A HARP IN EXCHANGE FOR
TT bicycle. H., box 113. Call. ■
JhLL YOU It boon. ». i.uOj'iilNlT AND JEW"-
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.- Kf nil po^saL
~" ~ BICYCLES. : ."'.
IC^c7)ET^NiS^AIS?)EIi^BiiL^W^COST
to close ont stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post st.
EN Hliß TANDEM. ALMOST NEW: TRlB-
une,sso; Cleveland, $40: Rambler. $40; Ben ,
Hur, ladies', $50. 'DAVIS BROS., 'i 6 Geary St.
TTOR SALE— NEW 1896 BICYCLE; $30. !
X DAVID N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st. |
_T-.. WINFIELDPEAKSON, 216 MCALLISTER. |
a . Headquarters Lu-mi-nnm and Thistle bicycles i
I.ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM: ALSO I
I > single wheels. 306 Post st. ~ :
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET:
X beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, ,Ho •
Ailiater and Powell st. car lines. ■• ' - - , ■ I■. :-■
tUU SALK-MIS(JKLLAMioU». i
V? A^G^~^tolHjETTE"^vl4KTKirrWST^iooo^:
XJ price $200. , UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant «ye.
ORDON SETTER DOG, 7 MONTHS OLD,
for sale. CHRIS REHER, 825 Vallejo st.
1 p: HIGH-GRADE JERSEY COWS COMING
JLtJ .in August and Sept. B. G. MORSE, Bolluas. .
■VfEW CLEVELAND '96 BICYCLE; BAR-
—.I gain. 1510 Octavia st.
"L^OR SALE— FINK GREYHOUND. INQUIRE
X at 231 Ash aye., near Franklin st. ,
1 H. P. RKGAN ENGINE, GOOD AS NEW;
1 $100. Apply 215 Bay at. - ...., . .
T)ICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN., ;
A 10c.; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c. ; 11x14 an.i 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, :<50.; 20x
24, 46c: 22x28 in., 60c. JONES, 647 Miss on St.
VOR SALE— COMPLETE SODA FOUNTAIN
X and outfit, including . milkshake and icecream '
boxes; almost new; installments or cash. Inquire
at New Creamerie, 725 Market st. • .. . .■.'....■■.' ;
T.IT.NE SODA-FOUNTAIN. FREEZER, GLASS- !
X holders: very cheap. 159 Second.
fit I 00 BUILDING ON LEASED LOT; SUlT-
<]p I \J\ '. able for grocery. W. CRANE, 324 Post.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COHNTKRrt, SHhLV-
;'JJ.Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission at. •"
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITER. ;
O $45: others from 920 up. REVALK, 309 Cat.
GOOD SECON d- Ha n iT "boiTjerTaxso'Lot
VJ pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. SAN FORD
415 Washington st. ■ . ■ ._' h-j '
"I>OILERS,KNGINKS,2D-UAND MACHINERY'
XJ waterpipea. , Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Bealal '
MUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
JJ them repaired; separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage MVg. Co.. 44J Sixth.
PACIFIC GAS i:ENOINE-2-H.P.:: PERFECT
X order; . Adams prtg presses: power 616 Mission
C OUNTERS.- SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th A Bta?
. \ UILDING.S BOUGHT; lumber. SAdH_T-
i doors, mantels, etc. far gale. : 1166 Mission. '. '
V\NEbMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
V/ fire and bqrxlar proof safe. 3 09. 11l Market »-_ '
I^IRE , AND BURGLAR SAFjS. LETTKtt-
J. press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 102 Clay.
N W KANOK* CHEAPER THAN 6ECONU-
-' tand. - \V. M. RAY Mf Co., 12 California a:. ~
. SEWING ■ MACHINES. . J I -;/ t -
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED, 5
f*~ rented, repaired; lowest rates. ; 205 Fourth st.
■\TEW FAMILY SINGERS for BKNT, 91 50
■4Y per month; V. S. Singers, 92. ; 1659 Markeu
personate. _. __
T?p~2^N^^pT2r^r77MAlßK^TT^o^M^
Xl • M.
;» DAM BROED r- W RITE TO Your
A brother, J. BKOKDKU; business of importance
for yon. J. BROEDER, 18 First st., S. F. Dee
AIR. H. VAN'jHOLK, WINE MERcTTanTat'
I\J Delft, Holland, wants agency to sell in Hoi
land wines and brandy, iv casks; voyage expenses.
etc., $100 a quarter. "•
T WANT A FEW .GOOD . MEN WITH —
A little money to join me In a mining ente^
i prise. F. 11.. box 73, Call Office. . fcep "
CKINLEY BUT lON SKNT FOR~ToS
iVI '(stamps). American Campaign Company
Sacramento. Cal. '
KING YOUR WATCHES, CLOCKS 73f^
jewelry to DUESS, expert, for repairs; only
half of store charges. s2i/% Geary, second floor.
OH ; >a'_lS— COS I' »70: LATEST Tm!
proved sewing machine, oak case: used only
few months. Address S. M.. box 105. Call Office.
' ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A 6>pl£
cialty; private; no charge unless successfnl; ail
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE.atty-at-law, ssoMarkPt
■ l> AO CARPETS WOVE toorder.fok~sa"l_t
Xi also chenille-wove rugs,ysllk-nig portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine In hank/r chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Wfth St.. Oakland. Cal.
mills CHILDREN'S CLASS AT lI I N M A V s
J. School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st., will open for
the season Saturday afternoon, August 1; th 9
I Juvenile class at the branch academy will open
Saturday morning. Augnst 8.
• A LL CASES TREATED AND MEDICINES
A. furnished for ONE DOLLAR at THK
PKOPLE'S ONE-DOLLAB MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, 1029 Market, bet. 6th-7th; call or write.
HE PIONEER, SAN JOSE, CAL.; ONLY $1
a year; a readable journal; devoted to pioneer
days, sketches, reminiscences, biographies; an ex-
cellent advertising vaedlum.
/"IATARRH - NEW SCIENTIFIC TREAT-"
\J ment; positively cures all cases. 8., box 3y
Call Oflice. ..;■-"- .
USBAND AND WIFE LAWS, EXPERl-
enced Lawyer, 1027 Market, above 31xt1),rm.6
18SM. JULANA ROLLINS, MENTAL MAG."
netic healer: teat medium. 860 Market, r. 30-31
EAR MB. LEDERER-H AYE HAD NO MORE
AJ trouble with falling hair or dandruff since I
commenced using your ••QUINONIA." Consider
It the best Hair Tonic I ever tried. 'QUINO.ma "
Is sold by G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton. Price 36c.
LL FACIAL BLEMISH IS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
PARISIAN MILLI N ER V SCHOOL, FULL
.1 course six weeks; competent graduates guaran-
teed positions; class forming. 8 Golden Gate aye.
Watch JEWiiLKY REPAIRING. STo37e
» » ' engraving, mono .-rams, crests : low prices;work
guaranteed.. J. N. BRITTAI.N, 20 Geary st.
• TJAZOR-FIXING OUR' i-PKCIALIY: FINE
Xtedgeputon razor,2sc. Razor Exchee,63oMarset
"\7ELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St., upstairs.
/CONSUMPTION TREATED ; NKWJIETIIoS
\J Dlt. AMERICAN, : .6y 2 Geary St.; 12 to 2:1-0.
OMEN'S ELF.CTRIC 1 SAN'FlAkll M,
rooms 53 Maze building— New and scientific
methods for promoting heal h, beauty. Con. free.
DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngtou, R. L. Parti ngton. Particulars 424 Fine.
MRS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AN FA-
clal artist; wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles.' 128 Kearny St., room 47.
"OIG OUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON SHOW i-.VBi-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. • Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN " EVERY ROOM |
XJ Winchester House, 44 Third at,, near Market:
200 rooms. 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 :o $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed " parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company, l ll7 Market St., bet 7th ami 8:h.
T IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND-*. J_vV-
XJ elry, etc. : .lowest. rates. 94» Market st.
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES*
Clothing bought. UOLMAN. 41 'in. cor. Jessie.
a "WEEK'S NEWS for 6 cents — TH_»
-tx WEEKLY CALL. in wraDDer. for mailing.
DKKSSMAKKKS.
DRESSES $2 UP: WKAPPERS a 5 CENTSUP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma St., above Sixth.
SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS SUITA-
bIe for dressmaking. 213 rant aye.
..-■. ; ..;. v . CLAIKVOYANTS.
ROF. M. L. OARNELLE. CLAIRVO yXnT
X and business medium, gives advice on business
speculations, investments. insurance, love, settles
lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and causes
a speedy and happy marriage with the one of your
choice; the earth reveals to him the treasure hid-
den In her bosom: be locates mines, interprets
dreams, tells of your friends and enemies, removes
evil influences and tells you where to go to be suc-
cessful: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su;
hours from 9 to 9. .
ITANA THE GYPSY. ' t . - - - ..-■' '-
This remarkable woman has last arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you 011 speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: sne reunite « the separated :
causes speedy and happy marriage wi;h the one
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turn st.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born v.-lth a douole veil and
second sigh:; Indies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ETURNKO, WORLD-RENOWNED M M
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
\/| M_ ARNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
ifx the world: 60c and $1. shows picture of tour
future husband or wire. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VT seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies scents 50c.
YPSY MEDIUM RETURNED; SITTINGS
dally; 25c up. 2401/2 Sixth st., rooms 6 and 7.
ISS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkin si., room 2.
VI ME. MOP.EAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
J»l past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard at.
ME. RAVKNA RE ADS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given :25c p. 5 Fourth.
MS. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yrs Kearny, now 9*29 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
RS. KNIGHT, ;CLAIRVOY ANT, CARD
reader; fee 50c; ladles only. 714 Leaven worth.
\JME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
■HI grave: Indies. 25c: gi»nts.6oc. 914 ■■'Kan-ell.
SPIKIXUAJL.ISM. ~^ ~ ~~
-V" VERITABLE QUEEN AaONti WOMEN IS
MBS. DR. A. D: HOWE.
FEE $1 * UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
; Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten yean past, is
again at her old office-;, 1320 Market .street. Kan
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought ' to the unlucky: love to the loveless: ma
separated are muted: the sick made strong ; the*
poor become rich; if you think your husband, who
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try to imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoea
not know what failure means! Her "Uevejilea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease . that human flesh is heir to. ami no
matter of how long standing. Write if you cau-
not call, for treatment Dy mall is always most suc-
cessful and aatlsfac.ory. Alt letters answered.
iv, -> Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEF. $1 <_ UPWARD!
MRS. UK. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. seventh.
• ■ Son Francisco.
ISHOP GARRISO.--.1370 MARKET: SEAN-
• > ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25.-; 10 to 4 dally.
KS. DR. MIRANDAS. THE CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLAT
■ writer. - 118 Haight st ; hours 9 until 6 P. M.
MRS. Kate hoskins, trance mkdium;
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak.
DDIE SWAIN. A-TRAL SKKH. 344~^"r>
Allister st.: aluiaga to ladies, 1 to 8 p. m.
rnEST CIRCLE TO-NIG HT: 10c: MME. YOUNGj
McAllister at.: all skeptics invited.
DR. RAVLIN LKCTURE-. T .1^ EVENING
at 326 McAllister St.: one dime; tests.
I IFE-BEADINGS'BY "REV. "MR. HOWLAND;
\-t $1. 1 Fifth St.. parlor 1.
ASTKOLOtiV. ~~
A STROLOGY AND MEDICINK NATIVITIES
XV or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde St., 10 to 3. %
Lost. ; ~
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
"XJ, Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, In
the name of KATE TROY. - The finder will pleaao
return to bank. .
LOST — BRINDLE AND WHIIK OREY-
hound bltcn. Return to 1613 Church St.; suit-
able reward. ', ■
I OVr— MASONIC DIAMOND PIN. MONDAY,
-1^ on Market St., Dear Montgomery.- Return to
605 Clay St., room 1; receive liberal reward.
.TOST— AUG. 4, 1896, ACCOUNT BOOK. RE-
XJ torn to 400 Waller St.: receive reward.
MALL SILVER PEN. S FLOWERS. RE-
turn to 114 First St., upstairs; reward
osi— on A. M. PIEDMONT BOAT FROM;
! XJ San Francisco, money wrapped In newspaper.
Return to Bth floor Mills building, rm. 17: reward.
pUG DOG; NAME NIP. RETURN TO 67 TE-
'X bama St.: reward. . ?;
OST— 2 PASSiiOOKf?|WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco In
the names of NORA BAGWELL (No. 163-14161
and PATRICK BAOWKLL (No. 184,865) The
tinder will please return to bank.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNI V
Savings and Loan I Society of San Francisco in
the name of HOB ART W. or 'FANNIE SLEEP-
SB, No. 117,236. The finder will please return to
bank.' : ■• ■ "....' .-' .-. ,-■ ■. ,■ .BI'WfWKSS CHAyrCTW.
*^4 SALOON ' _J6ING LARGE^USINES^
}&£ * JU • near Sansomc st. ; rent $50, including
narber shop; net rent $30: actual value $600;
treat bargain. WILKH & WOLF, 531 California
&4 0( ){\ JJOr " T ELEGANT COPwNEK SA-
'J'^ lv/V/V7 » loon, including 12 handsomely fitted
up clubrooms; choicest location; low rent: long
U T , e i- large ' (hoice stock; doing good business.
_____________OLF, 531 California st.
©9900 CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
•6 — — ''"• 5 blocks from Kean:y st., Western
Addition; large cash custom: daily receipts, $35;
low rent; bargain. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. . ,' • -
QQ(IA FIRST-CLASS SAMPLE-ROOM,
t-pvJUU. with large patronage, near Examiner
office; owner in business for last 3 ' years wants to
retire. WILKE _ V» OLF, 531 California sU
01* 7WO CORNER SALOON, WITH BUlLD-
rjp I O\J. ing, in Mission: lon, ground lease; do-
ing good business. 531 California sU, room 4. :
OJQPIA CORNER SALOON 'ON GEARY ST.;
rJpO«)U. rent ?40. WILKE, 531 California st.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSl-
pess. LUBELsKI <& CHASE. 7 City Hall aye
WE WANT A SMALL HARDWARE-STORE
♦» in good location. LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7
City Hail aye.
(SJQAAA ROOMING HOUSE ALL FURK-
jjOUUU, labed fine; paying 9'JOO to 5225 per
month; best town this side of Los Angeles; this is
a rare chance to get a money-making house.
LUBELSKI& CHASE. 7 City Hall aye. s '
©.Kirn GROCERY AND BAR: also CON-
f^_.'\;U. fectiouery and fruit; doing $1000
business month: In r.ne country town, 1 J ,2 hours'
ride trom city ; established 10 years: this is a rare
bargain; will stand fullest investigation. LUBEL-
S-Ki <te CHASE, 7 City Hall aye. 6
TF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X let as show you 'me line places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI 4 CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
ffIjQAA CANDY-STORE— ICECREAM SODA
<jpOUU. fountain; complete outfit for making
candy; finely fitted up: doing good business; No.
1 location; best reasons tor selling; fine place for
two ladies; candy can be made in the store: trial.
See BARRETT at 1125 Market St., cigar-stand.
QOrrk BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
i£)OOy'. and candy store: 4 living-rooms; low
rent: doing business of S8 to 81U per day: - same
party 3 years. "See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.,
at cigar-stand. , . ■; - - .''"--
-~<sjjl p. A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE Si ORB;
O-»- .«-'U • best location; receipts average $15 a
(lav, horse and wa_ou: low rent; living rooms.
see BARRETT, 1126 Market St. ;
£j« 1 ,-: rv BRANCH BAKERY' STATIONERY
<uDXcJV/. and candy store; north of Market St.;
low rent: doing fair business; living-rooms. bee
BARKETT. 1125 Market.
QJ 1 'A PART WANTED; SALOON';
«j? -'-«-' good corner location; big stock; fine
fixtures; cheap at $250: see to-day. GEO.
STEWART, 60-2 Market St.
&OAA COFFEE-SALOO.\ AND RESTAU-
<ipOV»\/. rant: partner wanted to act as cashier,
tnke charge of dining-room, etc.; will pay to each
$75 a month; a bargain. GEo. STEWART. 602
Market st. . ■
"oTf'fWl OLD - ESTABLISHED CORNER
1 OUU. saloon on prominent street: long
l«*ase; investigate this bargain. fcTENBERG CO.,
«32 Market-
•SI *->n<S PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING
<pXOUU. SEloon. 3TENBERO C 0. ,632 Market
"it^T "^ CORNER FRUiT STORE: OLD ES-
t!P_< I U. tabilsiiKii : living rooms: receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. - SfKNBERG CO., 632 Market.
TTOTEL TO LEASE FOR A i KM OF YEARS;
XX new 6-story and baaeruenr hriok. building, con-
taining £S rooms; also jrround-floor and well-
llahed basement; centrally located, half biocc N
of Murk*-: st. and 1 bock from Baldwin Hotel and
i-mporiunj building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms, For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILViiRBERG, 320
Sansome St.. room 39
>)X|||\ ROADSIDE HOUSE AND BUSI-
<P — O\'\f. ness, just outside a town of 8000 in-
habitants. 50 miles from this oily; lot 167x200;
pood house, well-furnished bar. etc. ; doing a splen-
did business; good tenant offers to rent it .for 5
years at $15 a month, which shows what the busi-
ness must be. Particulars from GAM AN &
LYON, 215 Kearny st.
CJ9AA AN D SERVICES TO INVEST IN A
«IP — UV» good business by a steady young man
■who is a general all round man. handy at most any
thing: or will loan the employer the above
amount for steady employment at a fair salary:
indoor work desired. Address with particulars.
McX . box 118, Call Office.
WANTED— partner IN a GOOD PAYING
*' grocery business: present owner will invest
. $15,000: want a ; etson willing to invest $25,000;
to a person of means who has a son they want to
establish in business this is a good opening; none
but principals and persons in earnest expected to
reply. Address C. f. J., box 25, Call Office. '
rOK SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST AND
-T best-known liquor-stores, in lie very heart of
the city, together with a fine stock . of wines,
liquors, etc; fixtures in first-class order: to those
looking for business this is the best stand in city;
sickness the cause of sale. Address for particu-
lars K. M.. box 100, Call.
"\\" ANTED— IO Mf..\, Lai ii »'> ii li s .Ovj, o .
»'. one man \vl h $4000; active or silent partners
in amau!ifacturiii2 business: wi 1 make in three
years #l_o.oW)and more: security in plant and
property. Inquire for 4 days at 239 -Chattanooga
street, city from 8 to 10 o'clock a., m., 2 to 4 p. _.
OR SALK— CHICKEN RANCH NEAR PET-
X: aluma: 5 acres of land; 5 rooms and basement
cottage; 2 brooder houses. 2 Incubators, horse and
wagon, tools, Implements. 1000 hens: water all
over the place: or will exchange fur city property.
For particulars inquire at 826 Geary st.
AN WiTH SIOO TO $200 CAN MAKE $15
tos3o per week: no fake; handle your own
money; will pay to iuvestigate. Address Chicago,
box 54, Call Ofiice.
T" O LET— COALY ARD IN RUNNING ORDER;
established 9 years; scales, screens, block, and
stalls: we want some one to take orders; no oppo-
sition: rent $16. 1915 McAllister st.
*5« Ji |A FOR SALE: SPLENDID, OPPORTU-
«U> IV/V». nitv: icecream parlor, ca::dy, station-
ery, cigar and tobacco sore: good location. Ad-
dress A. PILTZ, ban Rafael, Cal., opp. broad-
gauge pot.
"A Ui ! v ARTSER WANTED IN LIGHT.
V O\J\J. genteel business: will clear $150 to
$200 a mcntii: no experience required; no ex-
pense to invest r 917 Market si., room 1.
"PARTNER WANTED VF I TII $450 FOR A
X new established restaurant, coffee-bouse and
confectlont-ry: good chance for rood man: daily
receipts i'M to $25. Address P. P.. Call, Oaklaud.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY': SELLINW OUT TO
close estate; business pst. oca 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrange
can be made. Address ¥. D. . box 137, Call Office.
Q_Mnn FOR SALE: LEADING JEWELRY-
•iPttUUv/. ston>: established 4 years; good
trade: best location in city of T000: good reason
for selling at invoice. Address box 176. Petalnma.
L" I • RENT— iiAK-KY, iloAltDlNu AND
X lodging house: stable: 10 lod rooms: 6 liv-
ing rooms: central part of San Mateo. Further
particulars inquire T. HIPPEN, San Mateo.
/"I ENUINE BARGAIN; WILL SELL A RES-
VI taurunt and lodging-house in Hay wards for a
mere trifle; cause of selling, si.kness. Address F.
B. lIOOSUN^H ay wards. CuL__
0: BTA BLI-HED I CIGARETTE AND TO-
\J bacco route: horses and wagon: will stand
fullest investigation, FRANK C. McCANN, 122
Market st.
QQ?: AVERAGE WEEKLY JIBI' LN'COMK
<$OO with $250 Invested: «afe: conservative;
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293Bnlwy,NY
"^oTlfi SALOON OWN HI) BY BREWERY,
*ipOUU. actual value, $600; must be sold in
3 days. Inquire wine cellar, 541 California st.
C_-|A/wv HALF INTEREST IN A WELL-
fpIUUU. paying brewery; no experience re-
quired. Address Interest, box 89, Call Oflice.
INVESTMENTS ARE RKCEIVED FROM Bft
I up at 217 Sanaome si., room 7; interest per an-
num, 10 per cent: and share, 25 per cent.
ARGAIN: SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $15
to $18 daily: rent $20; near San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California st.
SALCON— A VK«Y GOOD CHANCE FOR
mnn and wife or woman: on the front. Inquire
NATIONAL BREWING COMPANY. - ■< . ■ :
TT<OR SALK-A GOOD PAYING SALOON AND
£ cigar sfa d, centrally looatt d. Inquire WICH-
MAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 818 Clwy St.
WANTED— PARTNER WITH $100 FO R EB-
-»» tablished candy and icecream parlors. 906
Seventh st., Market-st. stßtlon. - ■ •
ALOON FOR SALE Al" ONE OF THE BEST
corners in the city: doing a good business.
Room $8, Chronicle building.
(jjinr GREAT BARGAIN: CIGAR STORE:
3)1 I O. best transfer corner in city. Apply San
Jose aye. and Thirtieth si.
?TIHE ONLY MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
lof 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHKNI.USH. ' ■ ', ' .
T^OK SALE CHEAP- WELL PAYING TAILOR
£ shop, with good custom trade. 15 Monroe St.,
near Pine and Stockton. •
C_l -t\ BUYS ONE OF -THE BKST LITTLE
OlOu businesses in the city: no night or Sun-
day work. 110 Kills st. . " •-•-■■
AKLAND ROUTE" ON EVENING BUL-
letin for sale; clears $35; S2OOO. Apply 962
Broa-lway, Oakland. .
r\ OOD PAYING STATION AND CANDY
VT store; owner going East; cheap rent. X., box
66, Call pake.
<S!'\~f\ RKSTAURANT: A REAL BAH.
tJpluU. gain; good location. Apply D. McRAE,
829 Mission st. *
FOR SALK-CIG AB-STOKK.TRANSFEK COR-
ner; account of sickness. Apply Sixth and
Market sts.
1/OR SALE-BRANCH BAKERY AND NO-
£ tions; 3 rooms; rent $15: must be sold. Apply
Call Office.- ■■.•.■--■■•?■'' ■'■<■•- -" ■■..<.-
INTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FUR SALE;
1 will pay $160 per month; price $4000. Apply
thiß office.
'c-rjr BRANCH BAKERY AND VARIETY
tJT 40. store. 1024 Leavenworth, nr. California.
{jnr/| BON-TON DINING-ROOM; GOOD
*IbZOU. paying place. 2724 Sutter; no agents.
T?OR HALK-SALOON-RESTAURANT CLOSE
£to warehouse and factory. Apply 125 Bay st.
TTOTEL TO RKNT; KtJBNITUttE I- OB HALE.
XX 226 Michigan, opp. Union Iron,Workß,t»otrcro.
/GENTLEMAN partner 'Wanted by A
\JT. lady. Room 9, second floor, 122 Post st.
HARNESS SHOP FOB SALE CHEAP. APPLY
XX I* D. fcTOAii & CO., San .Francisco, C~U 1
_BUSJNES_!< 1 CHANCES- Continued.
pOOD-PAYING BAKKEY FOR SALE. IV-
y y qnlre C. bEIBT, U. B. Bakery, box 328,
Petaloma. * . • ' - . : -■ ■ ■ -? - • . ■*-.-■'. -.:.:'-.:
LD-ES I' A HLISHED CORNER GROCERY;
\J bar..; HILBERT BROS., 103 Powell »t. \ -■': •-.
Q:f»A(l MILK ROUTE: 12 CANS, 3 HORSES,
Wl / . wagon. Apply Bfi6 Mission-st.
5 SHARKS VALLEY' RAILROADSTOCK FOR
O sale; liberal discount. 7 City Hall aye.
OR SALE — DOWNTOWN SALOON, FOR
cash. Address B. 8., box 4. Call Office.
"Vf KWLY FITTED s UP LIQUOR-STORE.' IN-
-Li quire 732 Devlsadero St., cor. Fulton. X\ >
AIRY, . PRODUCE ' AND j' DELICACIES
store for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st. . •>
; LOUOITsti-HOUSE-i IOK SALE. :-
-9 C -room corn EiTEtou^ET7T?rrr~r?rrs 1 400
juO 9 rooms clearing $50 per m0nth........ 300
12 rooms on Van Ness: fine for doctor 6000
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing $."0 400
22 rooms, new (in payments), clearing $109 1200
30 rooms on Sutter, $500 casb.bal. payments 1800
9 rooms, only— — only. ....:.■. .7. ........... $225
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 600
20 rooms, corner, 0n1y...*..;..:-;...^.....'..^." 150')
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments..... 300
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 t0... .... 5000
I SELL AND/EXCHANGE • - v;
REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLACES.
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
STENBEBGCO ......632 MARKET ST.,
" OPP. PALACE HOTEL.
12 rooms, sunny corner, 1 floor ..? 450
23 rooms, corner, vicinity of .Baldwin * 801)
35 rooms, none better, clears $175 '. 1200
42 rooms, clears $125. trial given.. 801)
60 rooms, most prominent corner. 35 oCices per-
manently rented, 15 rooms pay rent. .: 3 . •;
I7IOR QUICK SALES IN LODGING-HOUSES
.' and real estate apply to PHELPS _ CO., 917
Larkin st. '■ ' '■■■■ ■ -. :'--t ( ■ ■' '-.;-.:• .' '■■
IN_ CORNER HOUSE, 82 SUNNY ROOMS;
uiceiy furnished; $1000. » Inquire 704 Howard.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ TfiU
-V- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper. for mailing.
WKSITViUt _■__. SALE.
"Tur^salkT^ ~~" ~"
J? prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ......;....;„....; .....;. $18 50
Bed lounges 00
Stoves 750.
Carpets, per yard....... ....~.. .".... .-...' - 55
.Linoleum, per yard...,,, 65
Matting, per yard : • 3 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such, time we are conducting business
at BE. corner Seventh, and Mission sis. J.
NOONAN.
___________________________________
(2*l QA FURNITURE 5 ROOMS COMPLETE
«D-LOU. for housekeeping; no dealers; flat to
let. 14 Erie st. . . ■• ■- . ....
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, > Fu«
lowest prices on household goods, new or goo.l
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
4/ » CARPETS; CHAMBER bETS, $14;
t\}yJ stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: foldln^-bedi
$10: h«-.<<. QHiigPi,. $7. T. IX MCCARTHY 11. 4th.
FVRXITUKE WANTED.
T-WANT™i ; URNITI_3^
X Hires of any kind: will pay good price** Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye.
T>CCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO. . PAYS
X) highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 860 Mission st. '
IGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUHNl-
ture. J. CURTIS. 1-39 Market; send postal.
rr«O SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERSTCIN,969 Howard st. :send postal
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
• est cash prices for furniture and mercliandlse-
1F YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
tnre and merchandise see KURD, 211 Larkln.,
NDIANa AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
~~ CAKPEX • CLEANING.
JONES CO. CA£t?Er - CL_ANIN(i AN'fJ
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
f^ARPET CLEANING, So.; LAYING. 3c. : RUG
V samples tree; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
RE AT WESTERN CA RP ET-B EATING
VJT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 'Jo*
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : teL So. 40.
/ ON KLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. S_J
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPET CLEANINU.RKNOVA-
V/ tine. 38 Bth. STEVENS, msr. T«L South 253.
7~ARPK~_ CLEANED AND renovated
\J like new. FERGUSON <fc CO.. -'3 Tenth; l-u.
N>uih 36. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO.. sucr-essori.
"j *.. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN IN U CO.. _', J
0 . 14th st. ; cleaning 3o a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND BEN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Ste-cnson: t«l. south -_.<
HOUSES.
o^e^ln^Tw-^o^T^u^salu-T^hear
6 19 Powell st. _-_.
J-VKAUOHT HORSES FOR SALE OR .Ex-
XJ change. Apply at 38 California st.
T-EIIIOLD HARNESS COMPANY-. 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, »or less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; Bend for catalogue, llu McAllister at., S. F.
I c A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X O\J ness, all kinds; wagons, ongples, surr«>ys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Minion a:
C AA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
_rockawav; 40 cheap horses, loth and Valencia.
A(\ HOUSES iroe. SALE; ALSO WAOONdi,
"U bugtrie^. carts, harness: Grand Arcade HorM
Market, 327 i-lx.h St.; auction sales every WeUiie*-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
UKsJfi.S PASTURED; SEND ioit CIRCU-
)Hr. Th-H'-i-'q Ranch. 6SO rnmmcrcial nt.
\VAliU>3' ANU CAKIUAUK.S.
OR SALE — CARRIAGE, HARNESS AND
matched team, chestnut horses; also horses,
busrgies, etc. New Yorif Stables, 607 Jessie si., near
hixth.
"L- OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
x carriages of every dose lptlon; cash, notes or
installments. Carvill Mfg Co..' 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
LIGIITL tf SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
sample* H. M, HEINKMAN, 109 Sansome st.
ATEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
X\ dry. milk and grocery wasons: aUo rockaway
and 'i fine boggles **28 Harrison St. - -'■-
SIEDICAL.
BLESSING TO : LAD IEs" SUFFERING
from Irregularities nnd diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well;
traveler* helped immediately; prices to suit tho
times: home In confinement. DR. & MRS.
Da VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $_;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. _. and 7 to 9 p. v.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in » few hours: cafe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without • delay, pri-
vate borne In confinement; regular irraduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; - you will save tlmn
and expense; consultation tree and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post st- near Larkin.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician tor all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
cxii be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny
T A DIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
J-i royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return mail;
at druggist's. Chichesl^rCnetn. Co.. Philadelphia.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
.TV ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
■pOR MEN— GREEN'S GUARANTEED CURE;
X greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned: trial free. Agent, KELLY, 102 Eddy st.
URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GW YER, 226 Turk St. •
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
clal.y; unexcelled in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions; home In confinement: best care:
low fees; pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st .■
p.s. drTwegener takes ladies BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. .
_CAA FOR EVERY FAILURE TO CUR:-;
_}OUU eye diseases successfully treated. Louies,
consult free MRS. DR. SCOTT, 216 Powell St.
R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STRKET, NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women and children. ...
\M R-. 4. A. ACHARU, i MIDWIF_-HOMB t IN
iVi confinement: 25 yra' experience. 655 Mission.
RS. M. K. RODGERS. PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY KKJIALB DI-EASE
see MRS. DX. I'UK'I "/, and be content. 3
T>RIVATK HOHKTN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth at.. Al»mi-d«.
* WEEK'S"" NEWS FOR 3 CENTS— TH 3
A WEEKLY CALL, In Tanoer. for mailing. :
. ATTOUNEYS-AT-LAVv.
'T^V^iTKKE^^IV^RCE^LAVVS A SPECt-
.2— aity; private; no charge unless successful; all
lew suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to, G. W. HOWE, att'yat-law. 850 Market.
i.EGAL BUSINESS .TRANSACTED • WITH-
Xj out publicity: advice free and confidential. - J.
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery St., room la
DVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON,' 927 Market 8:.
\\r, F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LA W.SBI PARROTT
i V . b!dg. Practices in all courts ;chargua moderate
Ti~\V~xrNG~rATTO UN AT- LA W~~CH RON-
It. i d ■' oldg: advice fr»e: moderate; open pvngs.
~ TYJfEWKITERS. ; ; ;
T>EMINGTON. «40.'1p36: SEN D FOR SAMPLE
It work. SCOTT _ B ANN an, 333 _ont£omery. |
§THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET.
/ ©To^l^^"oXTHr4 Jr ROOMS AND BASE-
ti>XZ mont: 4 Selina i place, oft* California St.,
b»lqw Stockton. GEORGE 1 XI. BUCKIis'GHAM,
I 415 Montgomery st. ' ■** ". " '" '' ' "" ' * ' ' -"1 i'■
Hll POST— IO-ROOM HOUSE TO RENT;
' 0 1 X carpets for sale.
■,T OWES PART, OF HOUSE; DOUBLE PAR-
i -M ion; kitchen; storeroom; nice garden; gas.
I 923 Shotwell st. :■ ; - >-; h " ' ■
I A NlC_~r66mS,.slo; LOWER a PART • OF
I "i' house. 6 Burgoyne place, off Pacific st-,
i near Leaven worth. - --
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. .' f'% ! :'i _ ...
1 707 JONES, NEAR BROADWAY— HOUSE
X I U.I of 4 looms; sun all day: $14. ■■
I «.»1 A 7 BUSH— HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
! £iX \J i rent reasonable. Call 10 to 4. on premises.
i 71 "I SUTTER ST.; near TAYLOR-VERY
: '111 choice; elegant: spacious; reasonable. •
A PPKECIATED IF SEEN; CHOICE FOR
x\. doctor or dressmaker. 829 Sutter., nr. Jones.
1 «l PAGE— HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE
X A stable. ••- ■' --^ -- , ■- --- .
OPLENDID 12-ROOM HOUSE. 3392 TWENTY -
0 first street, cor. 1 * Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence: very low rent Pee H.
'_.. ',___.  VUXt-NISHEJU^ HOUSES. -~'"~~"
NICELY FURNISH ED HOUSE, 7 ROOMS:
XI bath; garden: stable; rent reasonable:' to
small family; Protestant preferred; lady - and
child will board or not. A. N.. box 136 Call Office.
. f .COTTAGES TO LET. &:
qA/VELEa ant Tjo^ta^kbThouses^akd
OUU flats, Wester Addition, Sl2 up. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market 5t. , .. ;,i.~ ;.; . -.■■■
SUNNY COTTAGES, 4 ROOMS, YARD, $11
and $12; also 6-room flat $14. I 623 Second st.,
near Townsend. ■ \ ; ' .i : ;
MALL, NEW, BRIGHT— OR WILL SELL, $50
Cash, $10 mo. THE MCCARTHY C 0.,646 Mkt
HOICK, SUNNY 6-ROOM CO I TAG WITH
\J high basement; flower garden; large lot; 32
Bartleit st. J. A. ULRICH, room 41, Chrocker
bin. ding. .. ■- . . ...,,,,;. .v<, . . ,'
<J_ 1 A NICE SUNNY COTTAGE:' 4 ROOMS:
♦U) I U . 832 Green st. Apply DA VID STERN , 20
Montgomery st. •
JJjk)^ 310 NOE ST., 5 ROOMS, NEWLY
"V --•->. renovated ; bath. stable, basement.
OTTAGE. 4 AND 5 ROOMS; BATH: BASE-
\J nient and yard. Cor. Dolores and Flfieenth Bts.
FLATS TO LET.
T '(Trent" o-TLETs^TcrAnSE^p^NsiBLE
tenant, 5-acre farm lVa miles below San Mnteo;
house, ■ barn good water, well fenced. Address
134% Dorland at., near Church. : :
ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT,7 ROOMS, BATH;
XJ all modern improvements: with water includ-
ed, $42 60. 1633 Bush, bet. Franklin and Gough.
TVTEW MODERN SUNNY 4-ROOMED~KLAT.
-L\ 6 Tremont aye., near Waller St.. G. G. Park.
TVTEW MODERN UPPER FLAT ON COR. OF
AM Twenty-fifth and Folsom: choice and sunny.
J. A. ULRICH, room 41, Crocker building. ■--■-,
T?LAT, »16 HAIGHT— ROOMS. BATH AND
-T modern improvements; reasonable for small
family. ..:.-....
040 GROVE, NEAR FILLMORE— LOWER
Oti _. flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; ba;h; basement; > yard; $25. ■•■■
(_i;O ELEGANT FLAT; SUNNY SIDE: « 6
<J*ZZ. rooms: bath; new improvements. - 762
Folsom st. ■ ' ' - . ' -
1 iI'UA POST -3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
1 ( UP. flats; garden, bath: $13 and $16. \--"f "»
JU RAUSLH, NR. HOvvARD— NICE SUNNY
ID flat, 3 rooms: large yard; cheap rent.
A ROOMS AND BATH: $18; FINE VIEW.
X 6 Reed st.; key 1326 Washington, nr. Jones.
djiQ SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS, bath and
0 XO. yard. 12 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
L'NNY FLAT, CORNER OF POLK AND Mc-
Alllslersts.; a rooms: rent $16.
Q>t)Q FINE UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
tJI?-.0. bath". 519 gacond st. ' '
LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH, YARD. 25
J Lapidge St., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
_ 1 (') FLAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS. WITH
«J)IU. stable. 412 Eureka St., beL Twenty-first 1
and Twenty-second. ..
00 RINCON PLACE. RINCON HILL, off
_-O Harrison St., between First and Second— Half
of sunny house: fireplaces in parlors: view of bay.
THLAT3 TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X 1 money. at BALDWIN. & HAMMOND'S, 10
j .Montgomery St. ' . . '
j A (-VSSY, MODERN FLATS, 747, 749, 731,
I 1" 735 Capp St., bet. Mission. Howard, Twenty
second and Twenty-third: contain 6 and 7 rooms,
bath, mantle, fireplaces, separate yards, etc.; rent
$20 and $22 50; water free: key car. Twenty-
third at. Apply U'FARR-LL & CO.. 11 Montgy.
IT-LAI"; 6 ROOMS: BATH: GOOD MARINE
' view. 2106 Leavenworth _t., bet. Filbert and
Greenwich.
______________________________________'
n. 1/ • WATER' FREE; LOVELY UPPER
tj&XO.; modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
Cas.ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third st.: -key 4075.
'LEGANT NEW, FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
.Tj low Hrvani. 6 untl 6 room';, haih: $8 lei Sift. ■
hOUstKKlil'lMi KOO2I_. ■ .
Buchanan Street.
/)A9 BUCHANAN. COR. FELL — BUNNY,
UU-i front, bay-window: stove; bath; $6.
Devisadero .Street.
o^:7 DEVISADERO, COR. OAK-2 OR 3
Oi) 1 large sunny corner rooms, partly furnished,
for man and Wife; light housekeeping; references.
~~~~ Ellis Street. .
99' ELLIS — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
•J — t. ) parlor suite housekeeping room first floor.
7Arr- ELLIS — SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR OB
1 \J\) 3 rooms; other front suite complete for
housekeeping or single. . .
I'ell Street.
Ql FELL—2 PLEASANT FRONT ROUMS;
01 light housekeeping; no children: reasonable.
tilth Street.
Of )X FIFTH— CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
OZ.O keeping: 2 or 3, $10 to $13: single. $5.
1 I'Olsom Street. 'V-V^V.'^j'
-1 O°fi FOLSOM— LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
IZiaU rooms; running water; bath; garden; $9
and $10. --.:■-••
fourth street.
QOQ FOURTH — FUKNISHItD OR UNFUR-
OZ.<J nish"d rooms for hoiißkpg; cheapest in city.
! .1 Q= FOURTH— CORNER SUITE SUITABLE
I riOO for light housekeeping; reasonable. ,
i A(\rj FOUHTH-2 OK 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
I TTt/l for housekeeping; private family.
frail 1:1 in Street.
/11C FRANKLIN — LARGE : FURNISHED
*i 1 *J room; bath; gas; suitable for 2; rent $7.
OolUeu t>HT« .i.\t iiui'. . -
QAO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE ALCOVE
Out) ana kitchen, $20; large sunny room for
housekeeping, $10.
I C 1 7 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— COMPLETELY
XOX I furnished: every convenience: garden,
bath. etc. r ; • ■;.
Howard Street.
roc HOWARD — 2 ROOM s *: FURNISHED
<l)_-«J complete for housekeeping; reasonable. -
-7 ft A HOWARD, COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
-1 U _ nished front rooms; suite; housekeeping.
■ Jessie street. ,
AQQ JESSIE, NEAR MINT— 2 SUNNY PUR-
._GO Dished housekeeping rooms; also single;
cheap. ■ ,
-..i. Laguna Street.
QAA LAGUNA, COR. MCALLISTER—
t/UU housekeeping rooms with gas-stove.
ieavi'iiv.'urili street. ;
-1 HI Al LEAVENWORTH— LOWER FLOOR
-LUJ.U2 of 3 fine rooms; unfurnished: near
California. ■ . ■ , • -
Market Street. '
OfiQfi MARKET— ELEGANT FURNISHED
Zi\Jo\J front parlor suite: bath: gas; kitchen.'
. 31 so 11 Street.
C-I 1 MASON— 2 OP. 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
«->-Ll housekeeping rooms; yard; private family.
limit street... . .
r-A n MINNA— FURNISHED .. ROOMS, COM-
-1) _O piete for housekeeping: large yard. ■-.-■ - •
797 minna, nr. NINTH— 3 onfurnish-
IZI ed rooms: yard and woodshed; $8. v "-■■'.
Slogs Street. ! ' *'
.1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH— 3
JO famished rooms for housekeeping. -< •■ :■--"
>atoma Street. *''
OQ A NATOMA, NEAR FOURTH— 3 FUR-
"_. iOtt ■• nished housekeeping rooms; ■ very con-
_________________l_________________^
err NATOMA— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
000 housekeeping; complete; rent $8 a month.
Octs via Street. • :
"I A f\O OCTAVIA, Colt. GEARY — SUNNY,
JL'IUO partly furnished rooms; gas; stove; bath.
• ■".: Hirell Mice*. '.;;•;■ , ;
9991 O'FARRELL— S U NNY A FURNISHED
_j_w^S rooms and kitchen: complete for bousekpg
[ ..: v Pearl -, Street. - r ,-.; ■:.-_■ . ; ~~~~
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— B
cor. rooms, well furnished for housekeeper: $18.
lost tstreel. •"■
77 r POST-UNFURNISHED LOWER FLOOR,
: I 1 O whole or par., for housekeeping. .-.- ; • n r • ,
•:';.:■ Scott Street. -i.y'r .:>-:; :■■ ■' :■';
\ C*\ A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 > SUNNY ROOMS; TJN-
-10- laraisUed; bata; garden, etc Call r. v.
HOUSEKEEPING .BOOMS — Continued^ I
*.; second Street. ; , ..
A no SECOND-SUIT • SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
__j_w ing rooms, furnished; others, $4 up; bath;
laundry. ; .: : .. vr •■"-■■*■■'■'--. -. l': .<.:■
. ulrd Street. ... . .
GOLTON % HOUSE, 220 THIRD - SINGLE
\J suites; light housekeeping; $5 up; brick bldg.
. , ,r ;',..-., Twenty-sixtli Street. *"./:■'' "
ooro TWENTY SIXTH— HOUSEKEEPING";
0000 rooms, \ every convenience, $8 to $10!
single rooms, $4 atid $5. .•. : _^
; -:■■:; "Washington Avenue.
rnn WAS HING T O N - SUNNY UNFUR-
»>U_ nished honsekppp'g rooms: running water.
BOOMS TO LET.
- California street.
1 A OCA CALIFORNIA-FURNISHED ROOMS
X-i-jD $6 and $9 for gentlemen ; references. :* > -
• .<:..> Street. »
lion EDDY— LARGE, FURNISHED ROOM;
OoU grate: $7; single 75c per week. ■ ,
-.'._ ... . ; i-itflitli Stroe;.
QHERMAT* APARTMENT MOUSE. 2* BTH'
; 0 st., near Market: tarnished and unfurnished. ;
-'•'"■ ■ Eleventh Streeet. ■■
m ELEVENTH — SMALL FURNISHED
; room $4 month. ■ .-'■-.
:•/■• ■ ' Jt-iliK Street. - ' '. ■
THE RAMONA, 180 ELLIS', l MRS. KATE 3.
X HART, manager— A quiet bouse: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot _ cold water.
QOI ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
• )—. 1 lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
o.ury fireo,, -,- . ; :
OAT GEARY— FURNISHED ROOM;
OUI will lady who called for ; rooms yesterday
please call again?. • -
r>pTl GEARY-3 SUNNY ROOMS; KEY 217.
riIHE MARTINET; HANDSOME SUITES AND
1 single; $10 mo. up. 1101 Geary, cor. Van Ness.
:":.',- Hickory Avenue
TARGE FRONT BEDROOM WITH' HOME
XJ comforts: for one or two; $8. 11 Hick-
ory avenue. -■■.--'
. Howard Street.
f*. LOBE, 821 -• 1 : HOWARD — FURNISHED
Vjr rooms from $1 a week up; also housekeeping;
transient. . _^ ;
. Jonet Street. i
fjf\rr .'ONES — THE VAN WINKER: NEW
_iU I management: • elegant sunny suites < and
single: newly lnrnished: bam. etc.: *10 to SHU.
Q/il JONES— ROOMS ELEGANTLY
OvJL furnished: suite or single; board optional.
i. urnv strea..-
OfV KEARNY— FURNISHED FRONT . SUITE
O\J and single rooms; electric lights; tourists
solicited. . __^ . ■
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY — "
/l- Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
. - __rkin Street. . .
TARGE FRONT PLEASANT ROOM, OPP.
XJ City Hall, onLarkinst.; elevator all night.
Inquire 201 Larkin st. .
QA.) LARKIN-PLKASANT SUNNY ROOM
OU*± nicely furnished; $5.
mr-, LARKIN— HALL ROOM; *5 MONTH;
I references.
lUurket Street.
7Q7 M A R X E T — NICELY FURNISHED
10l front and single rooms; day, week or month.
777 MARKET— AMERICAN HOUSE; ELE-
III gantly furnished suites and single; cheap,
VO.-lOIITK HOUs-Jr;; 1045 MARKET— PER
I night, «5c to $1: week, $1 50 10 $5: famine,.
211iin:i Mreei.
QO . MINNA-SUNNY FRONT ROOM, SUIT- i
OOU able for tailor, dressmakei or 2 or 3 gentle-
men; chean. :
>»i»7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
.; \ -•linn, cm >treo..
QE.A MISSION — LARGE BRIGHT ROOM;
O •..)*:£ suit 2 friends; low rent: permanent tenant.
O'i'arroll Street.
097 O'FARRELL-2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS,
O-5 I $5 and $6 per month.
Post Street.
CA 7 POST— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
O\J I rooms; suites and single; terms reasonable. |
Second Street.
OAO SECOND— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
--v--' room; suitable for two: cheap.
■ uuer <:reo..
nJQ SETTER, CORNER POLK— LIGHT
IO housekeeping; , nicest > rooms; lowest
price: transients, •
_>AQ SUTTER— FURNISHED ROOMS OR !
'i\JO suites. $125 to $10 a week; night, 25c to j
$150; transients solicited, '.•■■ .
7fkO SUITE it, COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANTLY-. i
• yJO newly furnished sunny jm3.; or single. I
Taylor. Street.
1 f\ ( ) TAYLOR— DOUBLE PARLORS: REP-
-I'"' arate beds; all conveniences; single $1 60
a week. '
Tenth Street.
m TENTH. NEAR MARKET — LARGE
sunny rooms furutsned or unfurnished.
• ' JlKcellHiieonn. .
SUNNY SUITE .AT THE WINDEMERE. |
cor. Hn«h ami Van Ness aw., 2 nr 3 rooms: bath ■
j;OAKDI>'U. ANIJ KOO3IS.
\kT ANI-iS^-OENTI—M AN ANjS'^Vli'k J TO
"take nicely furnished sunny room with board,
very reasonable. 885 Ellis st. •
OAQ VAN NESS A YE.-DESIRABLE SUNNY
OvO rooms; firat-clnss table board.
IJOARD AND ROOMS; PRIVATE FAMILY;
■!-> best residence par; of city; couples preferred.
Address Private, box 69, Call.
_>4 QV SEVENTEENTH, NEAR GUERRERO
•J^Ol —Sunny furnished room In private fam-
ily, with use or bath, for 1 or 2 ladies, with or with-
out board. . j ... .-,./-.■' ,
UTr.t, BERTLI.NO. 714 iIUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; ail mod-
'■pi convenlenfg^. •
" CUILIJItEN UOAKO_I>. : .:--.,- .;-,
P^rman'^'wTd Tw^wTsh ejT '^hild~to
VX board: mother's care; reasonable. 4025
Twenty-fifth St. ' -..-.-,
STOKER TO _XT. "
VD^O: living rooms. = ASHTON & GARDINER
411 Montgomery st. ■
GOOD STAND, 1139 PACIFIC. FITTED UP
tor butcher shop: rent reasonable. - ;
STORE :.«041/_s, ELLIS: ■< SUITABLE FOR
plumber or tailor shop. Applg at grocer^.
■';•'■ -. STOKES j WASTED. ,-■ - . .- .
\\rANTED-CORN_R STORE WITH ROOMS
'" suitable for grocery; or will buy business if
reasonable. ■-■ Address H. 11., box 105 Call. - .-
:-.. OITJCHS TO LET. ; ~~
SPRECKELS ■ BUILDING, - 927 MARKET—
Elegant snnnv offices, $12 60 up; electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at buildlnz
or G. H. UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
; EDUCATIONAL.- .:
L"^DY^Fr?oSrTo>rDO~N^?FDnPA^Ts^TTSXc3P
JU es piano, singing, French: $3 mo. 10Q_ Polk.
MRS. MELVILLE. SNYDER, 715 PuST ST.;
vocnl music; piano: elocution; practical
Shakespearean and . general dramatic acting - a
specialty; vocal classes, Monday, 8 p.m. : $1 month.
LOCUTION AND DRAMA: DELSARTE
thoroughly tauzht; appearances arranged- 1 to
8 P.M. OLIVE HUFF-SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde St.
TIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 - MARKET ST.,
offers :: unsurpassed '■•• advantages and induce-
ments In shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting, . English : branches, languages, etc:
expenses less than at: any other college. ON
and LULA STIEHL, proprietors. , ... 
/t V RES'. THE LEADI.VI, SHORTHAND COL-
A lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, t bookkeeping, etc. ; ■ ilia
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month. *
OOKKPNG, WRUNG. ARITHMTO. GRAMH
day & night: nocla«ses: $5 month. 845 Mission
R. _ MRS. KOLaNL'ER. TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason
U ELASCO'o LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I ' Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed.
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CIiOO I, ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
chanlcal ' engineering, surveying, architecture-'
assay: estab. '64. VAN DER NAILIEN, 723 MKt,
NGLISH. FRENCH, « GERMAN. piano.
painting, palmistry, $2 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
PIANO LESSONS: PUPIL OF THE LKiPSIU
JL Conservatory; mcd. terms. J.lANGE, ll0 .Hyde.
Negative REIOU«'HIKH TAUGHf. MISS
■IM L. FUERSTNOW. 181 Post st.. fifth floor. :
ITRBaN SCHOOL AT 21-4 CALIFORNIA ST.;
J opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, PrIn.:-
A LMA E. IIYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17: bouraßtu 10 p. _.
/ 1 UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AN l>,s\'OCAli
VT lessons; $3 ma MARY WESTHaUS. 39 Fifth.
"PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
JL violin, guitar, mandolin. 1 nr.io. r . 1707 Mar |i
■v': : "•"'-•V.^Vj;-'-to^i.ease.- '^-..r : '■ : -^ ■
6X^KNT^OK~L^ATE^SO^vXRXI^r^IE^
cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: reut $50 per
month. Address J. B-i 427 Sansorue St., 6. £*._»_
CITY REAL ESTATE. j \ - , ':
MOST RESOLD— XEW HOUSK: 742 CASTRO
-»' J- St., near 20th, in the warm belt of ice Mission,
containing 8 rooms and all improvements: cost
$7000: - large lot; ;do not fail to see this bargain.
Apply next do r.
SOL GKTZ & BROTHER, "
'3 | REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL-
; Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our Installments are eas'er than rent.
<J>l AA TO $250— LOTS CAN BK BUILT ON
«35J-UU at once: near Mission am: San Ma.co
Electric Car lines: only «5 monthly p: *■ meats. ••:
_ SOL GETZ & It U . I i HR.
- © 7 X TO BEST LOCATED . OT.S NEA R
«4p < O electric lines, north, and south .• of v park:
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Alliliaitu Colk-t:e.j;
$5 and $10 monthly payments-
/- SOL GETZ & BROTHER. .
Call for maps and diagrams.
: SOL GE'l*Z & BROTHER," Owners, "■
• . Room A, First Floor, Crocker Bulding.
TIME To BUY! , ~" ' "
;-?.' A TIME TO SELL!
Now Is the time to buy real estate. Prices are
low. Don't wait for better times. When better
times come you will not be able to buy a fine
building lot for
,$350; $5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY, - 
with the street work done, graded, sewered and
macadamized; near an electric road : title perfect.
Take the Guerrero-su cars (Mission or Valencia
transfer at 14th) ■ and ride to Chenery and Castro
and see tne Castro-st. addition: agent here show
property daily; also at our branch offlce, 3207 22d
sU, cor. Mission, evenings after 7:3o o'clock.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
■ , ! ii'.>- f -V;*' --' ■■ - 10 Montgomery st. '
MALL HOMES, $10 MO. UP; LOW PRICES;
easy terms. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
C_l QA FRONT FOOT— BUSINESS PROP".
tIT-LOU erty; look at this: dead bargain; lot 40.x
117:6 to alley; Valencia st., nr.Valencia-st. depot;
must be bold; adjoining property cannot be bought
for less than $200 a front foot. J. F. FLUMBE,
1402 Valencia st. -
INTSTO REAL ESTATE ~~ ~~"
INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS.
You can make some money now buing land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport city.*
You can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than others. . -
i ■- You can make the most money if you select a
place naturally situated for a town, located in the
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements, easily accessible by cheap and - fre-
quent railway and water transportation lines to a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet. far enough
away from any 10 insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, self-supporting and independent community.
' FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED
As to combine all these advantages and many
others. It offers splendid Inducement to those
about to start business of any discrlption.
For suburban homes it r Yals any of the thickly
populated centers around the bay.
I It is only 45 minutes I from San Francisco and 2
minutes ironi Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight.
station on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad.
ELEGANT CHURCH EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS.
The streets are gravel pa and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen graves.
Mark these improvements. ■
NOTE THE ELEGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your Investment in a prospective business center
as compared .with the I many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market.
SEE FITCHBURO.
Invest Judiciously and the almighty , dollars
sure to come your way,. will do the rest. Lots
ready to bui'a on, size 25 and 60 feet front by 100
to 2UO feet deep.
PRICE ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments. - . : 
THAD. S. FITCH. Fltchb'ir?, San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
Ij*Oß SALE — ELEGANT - NEW- MODERN
residences: situated on Gough st., near Broad-
way: contain Bto 12 rooms and all modern con-
veniences: fine view, good neighborhood and com-
plete street work; these houses should be seen be-
fore purchasing elsewhere; terms easy: houses
open. •
PARGAIN-$5000; 11 SCOTT ST.; HOUSE OF
1> 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x118; part cash. Ap-
ply 2 to 5 P. m. -..-.' _______
r Q.I O^(\ COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: BKRKE-
••iDX__ OU. ley; lot 50x100: near station; $300
down. $16 monthly. "- -
$150— 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
OUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $-75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
ai « ..MtAli :•■»_*& _.■_:_!___!._» _•.•>. '
Qi.i() BARGAIN: NICE PIANO~FOR SALE
<4*)TtU.'ou easy installments. 221 Leavenworth.'
\\f ANTED— GOOD UPRIGHT PIANO CHEAP"
>T p. g., box 143, Call Office.
SPECIAL* INDUCEMENTS TO PROSPEC-
-0 live buyers before removal to my own building.
626 Hayes St.; now is your opportunity to buy or
exchange or rent ~ plAnos: musical instruments at
cost, J. HARRY hCOTT, 929 Market St.. .
A NO THii R. SP CI A _ I N 1) VCKME N T FOR
-»- purchasing from: Sherman. Clay _ Co.; ele-
cant new upright piano*, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month; only
$6 cash payment required: every Instrument
raaranteed. SHERMAN'. CLAY <fc CO., cor.
K earn v and Suiter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of ptelnway _ Sons' pianos. R
\ CTUALLY THE. BEST BARGAINS IN
—A. pianos, both new and. second-hand at. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO. 'B warerooms,933Market»t.
G. badger, SOLK agent ton HALLKT
.. ._ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac'to
Q UPRIGHTS, $100: -s-QUaRE; $75; NEW
0 pianos, $175: all musical goods cheap. MAU-
VA IS, 769 Market st.
<_ I l\l\ FINK HAIXES PIANO. SCHMITZ,
<$) 1 \J\). 16 McAllis er st., next Hibernla Bank.
EFORK BUYING SE _ HAINE BROS.', BUSH
& Gens' and Knnbe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A.I- BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st V
HICKEKIXU, KNAIIK. KTKCK.VOSK, STER-
ling pianos: see our n-vr piano lor $187; piano*
■or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ di SON. 16 O'JFarreli.
pLEARANCK SALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
up; every thins at cost. BRUENN, __8 Post.
V KON MAV'A V, 'MX POST ST.— SOUMKit,
.\ewbv <fe Kvam. I'.rlircH ;<n<l other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLO*NEW;
O H..M11 LLKR. maker. rmnlr<T. 2 l.tulinm pine*
- ..... TisTS^
rrito7)M^m?vi r AirASsociATioN, 759 makT
VJ ket st.. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 60
cents, with gas $1. . . , ___
ipiRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
.T prices; first-clasi results; painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 6375. -- W. C. HAR.
DIiNC. CM., M.D., 600 Sutter St.. corner Powell.
1 \H. LUDLUM HILL, 1413 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting whe.
plates are made; old plates made over Ilka new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given. -
R. GEORGE W. ; LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20o'Farrellst.
TT'ULL SET OF TEKTH, $7; WARRANTED
J? five years: extraction, 50c. r fillings, 60c.;
crowns, $3 60. . Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
R. i, 1. i RAN EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work end teeth without
plates a specialty. *■ 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ays.
C_rT A -SET FOR TEETH: • WARRANTED AS
tip i good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SlM._ld,
centlsu 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. -.;
IN LESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearj'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D,D.S.; «la« 4 Geary.
U. _UCKETT, 1703 fUaT. ST., NEAR BU-
cDasnn; gas given: crown and bridge work.
' A LL WORK- REASONABLE AND WAR-
__ ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
OPIRITUALISTCIRCLETO-NIGHTBYREV.
O MR. HOWLAND; 26c. 1 Fifth St.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT- -____. DR. __
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. ' •-.■■ ---■ ■ .. .
OLTUN DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80«J ___„•
ket«U DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
H. J. J. LEEK, l_oB MARKET, GOLDEN
<;atc live — open evpnlng^-. sundav-i till noon.
■:■; iv H; : .LEGAL NOTICES. '- v -'u~J _
PURSUANT TO A DECREE OP FORECLO-
XT sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of - the republic of . Hawaii May 12,
1896, ? notice Is hereby given that the property
hereunder described will i be sold at public auction
at tne Courthouse (Alilolunl Hale) .In Honolulu,
island of Oahu, H. L,' on Wednesday, August 28,
1.86, at 12 o'clock noon. v. il-; P. C. JONEs,
• Receiver of Lanai Ranch.
' This property is known as the Lanai Ranch. lo-
cated on the island of Lanai, comprising 11,500
acres more or less in fee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or : less of ' Government lands, the
most valuable 01 which do not expire until 1916;
the annual rentals are about $1800. ■ . ■ .
=> This estate Is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
i_s; ample houses . for all , purposes, all in good re-
pair, with < isterns, : wooisheu and • Dress, - and a
tio:k of 24,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. -•.
Ihe lan- Is are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and . 10,000 - head of : cattle. As sheep run it :is
the most valuable on trie islands. The lauds now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire island LanaL --:- c' ... ; - ?
- There are rich grasses suitable i for breeding and
fattening of . stock, and are entirely free»from lan-
tana; - there are no mongoose or wild dog* on the
island. ' -;■ ~- ■ *' - ■'■■■ .- -■ -■'-■■-'- '^ ,\ y
■ Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week, i^';' i ? - - l ,V ?l . ? w
A map showing all the lands controlled; by the
estate and a ■ detailed schedule •of the property to
De sold can be seen and further particulars can be
bad at the office of Messrs. Welch <_ Co., 220 Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco. ' 'r^ll-'J'-"^ I :"! ','■" ; " 1 "_ 7 -
v;. Terms of sale will De cash in United States ; gold
coin. ■■■-"■; - - ■■'■ "' ■"' V,' '■.: . . >■' - ■' i'■
' Honolulu, May 16, 1896. :~J~ -. UT '" ' " '. J
■ . ; . j\ C JONES. Receiver. ;■
; COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. , ;
A LARGE jf ELECTION : FINE HIGH LOTS
in South Pan ' Francisco offered In exchange
for good stock ranch or grain land.
n ACRE^ CHOICE LAND NEAR STATION:
\J Ross alley: on county road: i 8 mile from rail-
road; barn and sheds; all : fenced; well watered:
price $2UOi), and a great bargain.
TjiOUR HOUSF.S. AND LOTS IN SAN FRAN-
'X 1 Cisco, valued at from $3000 to $10,000 offered
in exchange for nicely improved farms.
WANTED— 2 FARMS NEaR SAN FRAN-
-»» Cisco, in Napa, Sonoma, Santa Clara or Ala-
meda counties, in exchange for . properties valued
at $IU,OOU each and clear.
EDWIN K. ALSIP CO.,
Room 29, Second floor. Mills Building. *
"ATTENTION, LAND BUYERS— I2O ACRES
-<r\. choice olive, vine and prune lands located in
Alameda Co., 87 mile 3 from San Francisco, will
be sold at a sacrifice; surrounding lands held at
*75 per acre; make an offer; will subdivide to
suit. 57 Chroricle building.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-tx est In the Slate; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, $35 per acre; adjoining lanas held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. £.7 Chronicle building.
HOMESTEAD ABANDONMENT. NAPA
Xl County; 1 mile railroad: some Improvements;
nice chicken or hog ranch locution; $250. 531
California St., 1;. 1. . .
17>OR SALE— S2OOO: 10Jy_ ACHES OF VALLEY
land; 5 acres In vineyard 4 jearsold; small
cottage, well of water, 9 eh cken-hou^es and yards
of 6-foot wire net; house .md brooders for 700
chicks: 2 new incubators, 250 blooded fowls, all
sizes: 2 horses, buirgy and harness: half a nil*)
from station; .4 miles from San Francisco; $700
down, balance in ten years at 7 percent. Address
B. W., box (35, Call Office :
190 ACRES^IN^LAKE COUNTY, NEAR
-L—l/ Lower Lake, for sale or trade. Apply
PBILBRICK, 2548 Folsom St., or room 310, Sale
Deposit. ■ .
QjQfJ PER ACRE: -RANCH. IV_ HOURS'
»IPOv' drive from city: suitable for dairy, chick-
ens or bees; well watered: 160 acres. FRANK
ASHTON; 411 Montgomery st. . . /
T?OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
X erty— 6o acres, two-thirds orchard in bearinpr,
one-third bare land: near San Jo^e: cash value
$21.0U0. Address 14. L. 8., San Jose, Cul.
Any ONE WANTING ; a ranch FOR
grazing purposes,, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES- M MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. : .
T ITT LE HOMES. CLOSE TO ■ TOWN, --I_-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market S. F.
E-VUfyBUUK L1S1" OF ORCHARD HO ALK3
lor gals. WoosTKR A WHITI'OX. San Jose.
pHEAPE&T AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 31 50, post*
age free. . ■ .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
'\, OAKLAND BE AL ESTATE.
<X 9ft KH --STOR Y • a ROOM S ; : NEW OR
<IP — VjOVJ. modern Improvements: lot 52x100;
Twenty-third st., near Twenty-fifth aye.. East
Oakland: terms to suit customer. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. , -
fliCAflfl WE AXE AUTHORIZED TO SELL,
OVfXJKJ. among other property, a fine 9-room
house, all modern and complete, with large corner
10t45x;03; NE. cor. Eighteenth and Castro
this property is worth *7t00: easy terms. Call or
address A. H. BLoW, 1010 Broadway. Oakland.
(JjOOCA IF YOU WISH A NEW 6-ROOM
<*]~>._j_jtJU. house, built to suit you, on a lot 40x
125, Grove St., nr. Russell, for 52250, call or ad-
dreas A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
(EjQftnn WILL BUY A FINK 6-ROOM COT-
«3SOUUU tage, all modern, lot 60x100. on Ninth
St., nr. Castro, worth $4500: must besoid to close
an estate: easy terms. Call or address A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
JJTTTnfV 4-ROOM COTTAGE; LOT 25x100:
UP -LXUU. worth $1700; must be sold to close
au estate. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oak-
land. :
G>t>-»P»n A FINE 8-ROOM RESIDENCE;
«3?O_-«Jl/. lot 25x100: Eleventh St., near Castro:
worth $4000; must b- sold to close an estate; this
is a bargain; easy terms. Call or address A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland. _^
C«"I ♦_»?;/ 1 . A FINE MODERN COTTAGE;
<D-LOiJv/.: bath and high basement; lot2axll4:
on Valdez St., near Parkave., East Oakland; .$lOO
cash, balance small monthly : payments. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
IV ILL IT PA\?~~YES!I SEE ALLEMDALE
■ * Tract at once. Buy a 75 lot or upward for a
home or paying investment: Fruitva:e,- adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland ; level
and choice site; streets graded; ■ some macadam-
ized; only a few left: fine school; 2 electric roads
. near 1y : conveyance free: 95 cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth st., Oakland, and 630 Markets  S. F.
11. Z JONES, owner.|
tf-1 rrrj, BARGAIN; CHICKEN RANCH:
,«_"> XOOKJ. new 4-room house to order and well;
terms to suit; 500 cash, 915 per month. WM. P.
TOPI), lO'.l- Broadway. Oaklanl.
ALAMEDi ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
mjOQAA'TO $5000— NEW AND MODERN
<Jp^£O\JU bouses on large lots In good locations;
convenient to trains; terms to suit the purchasers-
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY. 1384 Park
St.. Alamfdn. - *
It— KKELE-" IiKAI, ' _STAA_.
YEW MODERN 5-I* OOM COTTAGE, BATH,
— l sewered, fenced, $85); new 4-room cottage,
$650. F.BOEGLE, Go. den Gate station.
ffl» IOX FOR LOTS I N GOOD LOCATION:
tJpl-J«J must be sold come and see. W. C.
IiORAN, Lorin Station.
ood HOMES FOR RENT or FOR SALK
on easy terms. O. G. MAY * CO.. real estate
and building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
OSEPrt J. MASON. REaL ESTATE AND
insurance ngent, Rprkel(>v atatn, adjoining bank.
MONTEREY BEAL -ESTATE, fj ]
X^7^?C7)| NTATrmmCL^ET^IoNT^n~ON
«JJs_it7Ul/."alake: 2-story house, barn, chicken-
house: 12 lots, all in fruit and 5 kinds of .berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all year-round; must be
sold immediately. F. C. CALD WELL; owner,
325 Ninth St., Oakland. : ■■■■..'. '■
PKOPEKT...;I'O EXCHANGE.
9HH HOUSESj AND~IA)TS~FOR™^aXe~OR
--V/U exchange; all sizes and prices.
O(\f\ RANCHES FROM 5 TO 2000 ACRES,
iJ\J\J best location, for sale or exchange.
Crvn BUSINESS PLACES, $50 TO $5000, FOR
O\J\J sale or exchange. H.C. DECKER. Mkt
Ii >O I \ 'ACRES -TliiilKß-'LAND,- KERN CO.:
'J -iOU water: fine for cattlp-ralning. N..hx,l6.Caii
MONEY 'to LOAN. Jt'ly ■
iziP^TwnnnTolLo^^
tbX.V\J.\J\J\J land, at lowest rates; life Insur-
ance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
SHAINWALD BUCKBEK „ CO., 218-220 Mont-
gomery st. '■•*-■
• A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jtx. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest . rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY*
STORK, 948 Market st. j open evenings. • ■ ■
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER.
eat per month for each $1000; same, rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. - Coin, box 2, Call.
ONEY LOANED Us JKWIiiLRY AND
other valuables at th« Security » Loan Offlca
: 1106Marketst..nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Tur_
1 \IKECT ON YOUR i-'UttXITUKK OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: 1:0 commissions: low
interest.' Rm. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market sc
ANY AMOUNT: IST, V!i> or 3D MORTUAOKd:
J\. estates, undivided Interests, real estate la of*
tt.tc. • McC'OUiA.V 24 JMontKOrnerr. room 3. .;
©OA AnA ON IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
<_S«JV/ UUU sums not exceeding $1000. : Call at
room 629, Parrott Building.- i : .*» :
V6T <fc _D MORTGAOK.S: INTERESTS IN ES.
J-t«tes:lowest rates:no deIav.MURPHY.62aMrk-.
A DVaNCE.SO.V DIAMONDS.JKWKLHY, KTO
.-«. Columbia Lnaii A- ''ollateral r)11lri». 9'-r^r,- v
I'AWNBItOKEKS.
GRAND CENTRAL LOAN OFFICE. : I'JOO
\JT Markets!.; money loaned; watches: diamonds:
etc.: lowest rates: bargains in unredeemed pledges.
T 126 KEAKNY ST., ROOM ; MONEY
' loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; * low rates;
private room 1 ': elevator: pledge^ for gale cheap.' t,
.~~~~~~~ ' FINANCIAL.
VAIN TO I LOAN ON Montgomery, r. 214
VAINSArOMOyr. 328Montgomp-y. r. 214.
~~~ Pll SESSIONAL, CAKDi.
.pR.ASK^AYrA^RXE^AT-Liliv^ROOM
JC 421. four: floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
\k[ ILLS. t DEEDS. ■> ETC. L. BOKTaG, ATT V
TT and Notary, 116 Market: res.. 2128 Howard.
JOHN E. KICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. \ ROOMS
26 and : 27, Crocker • building; : telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. ?.■■:;.-. i , . : ; ■
,T*OHN R. AiTKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
0 attys at law, mis 515.516. Mi noor.Parrott bldg.
i - PHYSICIANS.
lß~~c^cTo^oy^Kh^YiM6rSLAßK^rr6oßi
Golden Gat aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
1 ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT « DR. JORDAN 'AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market St.: his 80 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
tee wont cases treated latUfacioriljr by mail. .■ .
STORAGE.
S~^TORA^KITotrE APK BtTnT HK^rFyTi ' Ir£
0 proof bniidlnc: advances made, j 211 Larking
IriURNITURk. PIANOS,* TRUNKS: ■ AD-
-1 vances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOH.2O4
AE. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low.rates: liie-proor building: , Hasten plan.
| .CHEAPEST AND EE3T"iN AMERICA—
V .WEEKLY CALL, sent to ivny address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
' "8° free
3;Aiiuj ; AOK LilCr^otls.
1 he following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday; - •
Patrick Meehan and M niii>- M. Grant, 21—18.
S. Sumuelson and Anna 1* Sing, 88—34.
B. Pauchan and Anna Bergeret. 36—18."
- A. D. Williams and E!:e» N. Erviu, 45— 4 a
Otto Carlson and Marr S. Bachmati, 32—52.
- E. P. Hulmeand Julia F. Cavar'.y, '24—
[
Til- —IVOKCE KiiCOUD.
j Complaints filed: "
, Annie Pay don against nenry Paydon.
I Anione Fritz against Lottie F. Fritz.
| Divorce granted:
I Marguerite Johnson from Thomas Wiseman
Johnson, for failure to provide; by Judge suck.
Custody of minor children awarded to plaintiff.
IiiUIiIS— iiAKUIAtiES— IWAiJUL
fßirth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
wilt not be in-erted. They mus ■ be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORJT. -
BAB.NETT— In this city. August 3, 1896. to th»
wife of i'.enno I. Barnett, a son.
HOEBER— In this city. August 4. 1898, to the
wife of E. G. L. Hoeber, a son. .
I JEIDE— In this city, August 4, 1896, to the wife of
j Conrad Jeide, a son.
PHILLIPS— in this city, Au.nst 1, 1896,- to the
wife of I. L. Piitillps. a daughter.
MARRIED.
GLEASON— HERMANN— this City, August 5,
1896. at St. Francis Church, by the Rev. T. Cara-
her. James P. Gleason of New York and Cather-
ine E. Hermann of Mission San Jose, Alameda
County.
SPENCER— HABRIE-In Oakland, August 3,
1895, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, William
•Freeman Spencar and Marguerite Habrie, both
of San Francisco. 1 • .. .... •-,
HMD.
Aceret, Arna B. Johnson, Martin
Arents, Helen Langan, Evelina
Behlmer, Frieda McCormick, Mary
Block, Simon McLanghlln. Jamev
Burke, Lizzie McMannis. Sophia
Curtln, George C. Moran, Mary
Donovan. Margaret E. Murphy, Mary
Dunn, Robert J. Sotaatb. Marie H.
Frahm, Marie Scott, Tames
Harrison, William H. " Sis-nvine, Simon
Haynes. Harriet P. Tboenges, Anna H. :
. ■ , Vary, George M. P.
ACERET— In this city. August 5. 1893, Arna Bar-
bara, loving wife of Jacob Aceie., and mother of
Emlle and Lulu Aceret, a native of Canton
Zurich, Switzerland, aged 49 years and 6 months.
- .*' DS~ Friends ana acquaintance.) ars rMMrv-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at . 2 o'clock p.m., from her law
residence, 425 Grove street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
ARKNTS-In this city. August S. 1896. Helen,
beloved wife of Albert Areois, mother of Bertba,
. Curt, Helen and Albert Art- nts Jr., and sister of
■ Curt Roemer, a native o.' Germany, axed 51
years 6 months and 22 days. .
jBt3"Frien(ls and Acquaintance* ar-' ra^nsi; 1 :."
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 :J'O o'clock p. m.. from ncr late
residence, . 561 Railroad avenue, Alameda,
thence to crematorium at 1. O. O. *'. Cemetery,
San Francisco, via 3 o'clock p. he. creek boat,
.. where services wilt be held at about 4:30 P. m.
BEHLMER— In this city. Aujjust 4. 1896, Frieda,
youngest and beloved daughter of John and Mar-
garet Behlmer, and sister of Margaret and Maria
.Hehlmer, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
' 2 months and 12 days.
BSS~ Friends : and . acquaintances -am respsij-.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
dence of her parents, 410 Arlington street, near
Sunnyside. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BLOCK— In this city, August 4. 189«. Simon
Block, a native of Germany, aged 70 years. ..
BURKE— In this city, August 5,1896. Lizzie, be-
loved daughter of Frank Joseph and Mary
Burke , and sister of Cora D., Frank, Edward,
Josephine ana Louis Burke, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years.
CURTIN— In San Jose, August 3, 1896, George C,
beloved son of C. and Jane Curtin, a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years.
' Kfg-Friends are invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.,
from the family residence. 318 Ellis street,
■ thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
requiem mass will b» celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock _ st.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DONOVAN— this city, August 5, 1896, Mar-
garet E., beloved wife of Michael H. Donovan,
and mother of A. I. and George F. Donovan,
I ' •■ a native of Boston. Mas*., aged 47 years.
I DUNN— In Sonoma, August 4.1898. Robert J.
Dunn, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. T. \V. Dunn
I of Sonoma. "'■'
FRAHM— In this city, August 4, 1898, Marie, be-
. loved wife of the late John Frahm. and mot of
Antonia and Louis Frahm. a native of Schles-
I wlg-Ho'.stein. Germany, aged 44 years.
jK7~Frleuas and acquaintances are r»noe<r-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 ■ o'clock p. — .. from her late
residence, 184 Noe street, between Fourteenth
aud Fifteenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARRISON— In this city. August 6, 1893. Wllllnm
. 11., beloved husband or Josephine F. Harrison,
and father of Chauticey Harr.son, a native of
Connecticut, aged 43 years.
HAYNES— In East Oakland. August 5, 1896,
: Harriet P., wire of Benjamin Hay a native of
New York State, aged 70 years.
JOHNSON -In the City and ■ County Hospital,
; August 5, 1896, Martin Johnson, aged 29 years.
LANGAN— In this city. August 2, 1896, Evelina
Langan, a native of California, aged 20 years 5
months and 12 days.
McCORMICK-In Santa Rosa, August 4. 1896,
Mary, beloved wlfd of the late Hugh McCormick,
and beloved mother of John A. and William Mo-
Cormick, Mrs. Mary Djylo «ni the late Nellie
McCormick. a native of Philadelphia, Pa.
[Philadelphia (Pa.) papers please copy.J
: dTFrlends ana acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence. a_4B Folsom street, thence 10 St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will oe
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a.m. Interment private.
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland..
Mclaughlin— in this city. August 4. 1896,
.lamps, infant son of -Edward and Lizzie Mc-
Laughlln. and brother of Eddie, Thomas, Re-
becca and Lizzie McLaughlin. a native or Baa
' Francisco, aged 7 months and 4 days.
. SS-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
" (Thursday), at 11 o'clock a.m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1361 Mlnaa street, inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McMaNNl>— ln Frultva'e. August 3. 1898.
Sophia, boloved mother of Thomas J. Mc.Mannla
ana Adolph Lorjbacb, a native of Germany,
aged 55 years and 4 months and IB days.
jßSgri''ricnd» and acquaintances- are respsc-
fnlly Invited to attend tho funeral THIS DAY"
(Thursday), at 10:45 o'clock a. m.. from the
1 family residence. 1460 Frnitvale avenue, Fruit-
vale. Interment LO. O. F. Cemetery. San Fran-
cisco. Will arrive in San FrancUco on the 1:45
o'clock p. m. creek boat.
MORA N— ln this ■ city, August 4. 1 896, Mary
Moran, a native of Ireland, aired 67 years.
MURPHY— In this city, August 4, 1898, Marr,
: - dearly beloved sister of Frank and William Mur-
phy and ' John, Andrew and Thomas McDevitt,
a native of «an . Francisco, aged 30 years 4
months and 21 1 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday*), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Valen.e. Marinl <fe Co., 1624 Stockton
street, near Union, thence by 11:30 o'clock a. _.
tram for Holy Cross Cemetery.
BCHATH— In Coima, August 8. 1898. Marie H.
.-chath, a native of Germany, aged 31 years 3
, months and 11 days. ;
SCOTT— In this city, August 5, 1898, Tames Scott,
' a native of England, aged 75 years. ■
VINE— In this city, August 5. 1898, 81mon,
beloved son of Rachel teisenvino, and brother of
L*vi, Sara, Moae, Coney, Leah and Ettle Slsen-
vine and ■ Mrs. A. Wolfe, a native of New York,
• aged 42 years and 1 month. < . ..
THOENGES— August 4,1896, Anna IT., beloved
- . wife of L. Tboenges, and . mother of Ernst L. F.
? Thoences. a native of Germany, aged 33 years
and 6 months. : '■ : '
VARY— this city. August 3, ISPS, at 817 Post
street. George M. P. Vary, M.D.. son of Mrs.
Vary and i the late George Vary, and brother of
the Misses Pond, a native of Inverness, Scotland,
in his 2rtth year.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday). at 2 o'clock p.m.. from 817 Post street.
. ; interment Masonic Cemetery. ; -
C. O. Officers and members of ' Bohemian
' Circe No. 134, C. O. F., are requested to attend
\ ■ the funeral of our late physician, Dr. George M.
I. Vary. ~By ord-r of
• •: •, . LUCILE CHRISTIANSEN, C. C.
• __.-_! BBIBGKWOQD, F.S.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING AS3O-
ciation— Tne regular monthly requiem high
E - maw for the deceased members of the abova
' association, ■ and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the .members, will be celebrated in
' St. Dominic's Church. Bosh and Steiner streets,
THIS DAY (Tnursday). at 9 o'clock „•__
■*■ Friends are Invited to httenfl. . . ■■' -
' rvtcAVOr & GALLAGHER, I
■ FUNKRAL DIEi'XTORS & E3IBALMKES,
r 20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
; t . . Telephone 3080.
JAS. MdM— S-O_t_SY!^^^^_A_rMcM__*oK*T.
-JAMES * McMENOMEY * SOX,
UNI>KKTAKJEKS AND KMIiALMIiKS,
1057 Mission Street, Near seventh.
'/.r. Telephone No. 3354. ' : 
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN « MATEO : COUNTY; , NEAREST CEME*
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 697 Market
street,' southeast corner of Sixth. ....
1516
MAY BE A
PUBLIC INSULT,
Rumor That Neagle Will
Be Asked to Go Out
of Town.
TALK OF A COMMITTEE.
Barry Declares That He Knows
Nothing About the
Matter.
POLICY WILL BE THE SAME.
He Will Not Try to Have Neagle
Arrested Because That Would
Be of No Effect
There may be some aftermath growing
from the hostile meeting between David
N eagle ana James H. Barry, editor of the
Star.
Certain of Barry's friends have given
out hints that they intend to make Neagle
leave town— constituting themselves, in
fact, a sort of "vigilance committee" to
cause Neagle to depart. When Mr. iJarry
was asked about this movement he said
tbat he knew nothing about it Never
theless the rumor was insistent. No one
could be found yesterday who would say
that he knew anything of the matter.
Barry's friends intimate that something
may develop within the next few days,
but how or when no one cared to pre
dict.
If there is any such movement on foot
it naturally would be kept as quiet as
possible, because no such proceeding
could be countenanced by the regularly
constituted authorities of the City.
Barry is known to have strong friends.
Neagle, on the other hand, is not sup
posed to be a man who could be easily
induced to quit the town.
Mr. Barry declares that he will continue
in the course which he has pursued in the
Star and intimates that on Saturday he
will have something severe to say about
Neagle and also about others. An article
in the Star was the cause which led to the
encounter between Neagle and Barry, and
tbe latter firmly believes that the former
intended to kill him if he (Barry) had
made any move. Barry had been informed
that Neagle was threatening him before
that meeting. He has since heard that
Neagle yesterday threatened to do him
harm to-day.
Last evening Mr. Barry was seen at his
home in the Western Addition. Tuesday
night and last night there were many
callers at the house. Concerning his plans
in reference to Neagle Mr. Barry spoke as
follows:
"So far as I am concerned I will do
nothing. I will await results and will be
prepared for results. I do not mean by
that statement that I will carry arm?, for
I will not. 1 nave never carried arms, do
not know how to use arms and have never
fired a pistol."
"Will you move to nave Neagle ar
rested?"
"I will not, because I find after consul
tation with my attorneys that I cannot
nave him arrested for an assault to commit
murder and could only have him arrested
for a minor offense. While I know that in
some of our courts justice can be obtained
I also know that in other courts justice
can be defeated. To have Neagle arrested
upon a minor cbaree would have no effect
whatever. He would simply be fined and
the Southern Pacific Company would pay
the fine, so that he would not feel it at all.
He would not be punished, in other words.
"His punishment, if any punishment he
shall have, must come in some other way.
So far as I am concerned the matter is out
of my hands. It is now before the highest
tribunal— tue people."
"What will you do in your paper?"
"The policy which 1 have pursued in
the Star will be continued in the future,
and threats of assassination will have no
effect upon me, as will appear by the next
issue of the paper."
"What do you know about an alleged
committee in process of formation, having
for its purpose giving notification to
Neagle to go away ?"
"I know nothing about it"
"Currency is given to such a report in an
evening paper, and it purports to come
from your friends."
"I know nothing about it I would like
to say that when the article which an
gered Neagle was written by myseif I had
no malice toward Neagle. In fact, I never
saw Neaele to know him until Tuesday."
John H. Burke, a writer on the Star,
having made a statement to the effect that
the Neagle episode will not make any dif
ference in policy, Mr. Barry was asked
about that. "Yes, that is true,|every word
of it," was the answer.
Tuesday nicht "Brick" McPherson, who
is well known about town, went to Barry's
bouse and offered to act as his bodyguard,
but Barry declined to accept his services,
and said that be did not desire a body
guard. He would continue to move about
as heretofore, unarmed and unguarded,
he said, the same as any other citizen.
EARP AND NEACLE.
The Well-Known Arizonlan Tells
About His Significant Relations
With Neasle.
The strangest thing in connection with
NEW TO-OAT.
i\??^%s^^essd NO REST
VM m no sleep
r^miiiEi DAY or N I GH I
My hands were completely covered with Ec-
zema, and between my.fingers' the skin was
perfectly raw. : I had to sit with both hands held
up, and away from the fire. ' My husband had to
dress and undress me like a baby. I tried the
best physicians, bnt their medicines gave me no
-" : relief, and drove me almost crazy. - I was ad-
vised to try Cuticcra Remedies, and did so,
although my husband had to go twenty mile* to
'get them.. As soon as he got back, I used the
Cuticuba, and in five minute* after the first
application I tea* > perfectly i easy,', and : slept
soundly all that night. ■■■• Before I commenced -
using the Cuticora Remedies I could get no
ease night or day." I could not bear to get warm,
It would put me in a rage of itching. I always
keep the CuTictmA Remedies in my house now,
and recommend them to everybody, because of
: their wonderful effect. - Yours gratefully, '■■' ■■:-•'• ?.
M. HARRIS, Push, Mecklenburg Co.
- - ». Spibdy Cuke Tkbathwct fob Tobtukh'o, Dis>
noL-Ki.io Rumors. — Warm batlu with Cuticdba Soap, .
" ' gentle application! of Cdtici'RA (ointment), the great
■kin cure, and mild doses of CciICOBA Kesolvxvt,
greatest of humor cure*. - ... . . -
' Sold throughout the world. Price, Ccticcka, 50c;
" Soap. 25c.; Rksqlte*t. Sic. and $1. ■ Porr«« D«lo
* AKi> Chum. Comr.. Bole Prop*., Boston. -- .-; •- ■ » -
. ; Hr u JEUw to Cut* Torturing DlMttMtt." iit*. :
the Neagle-Barry episode is tbat Dare
Neagle is in the City at this time.
Wyatt Earp is here also, and tbe general
suppositon has been that his presence
would cause Neagle to remove himself,
just as sunshine dispels darkness.
There is some friction between Earp and
Neagle. Earp, in particular, frets when
Neagie is around, because he does not like
him. Some years ago he told Neagle that
they must not remain in this City at the
same time, and it would be best for the
slayer of Terry to seek the stelter of the
woods whenever he saw fit to come
to town. On the other hand, while Neafile
does not like Earp, he has heretofore ob
served the latter' s desire, and, for seven
years he has never been seen in this City
while the well-known Arizonan has been
here.
"I don't like to court notoriety by speak
ing of this matter," said Mr. Earp yester
day. "It is past history, but it was very
displeasing to me at the time. In some
interview published in one of the City pa
pers Neagle was quoted as saying that he
had driven me out of Tombstone, Ariz.
"I did not like that and I wrote to Chris
Buckley, Neagie's friend ana who
put him in the position of Deputy United
States Marshal where he killed Terry, that
I must have Neagie's statement retracted.
I gave him three days In which to do it.
Neagle was in jail at the time and I did not
like to press him. I was in Napa, and on
the fourth day I gave an interview there,
telling tbe story as it really was and show
ing that Neagle had not told the truth.
"Subsequently I came to this City,
and one day I stood with my back
turned to the street, talking to some
friends, in front of the Elite saloon on
Kearny street.
"Suddenly I noticed my friends scatter
as if afraid of being in my company. No
one told me what was the matter, and as I
turned around- to see, there was Dave
Neade reaching out to shake my hand.
" 'You gave me a hard deal in that Napa
paper/ Neagle said to me. 'Of course I
did,' I told him, 'and I said nothing but
the truth.'
"Neagle agreed with me and denied ever
baring opened bis mouth to anybody in
regard to our affairs in Arizona.
"I am located in this City now and I
don't thins Neagle will come around
looking for me. I am engaged at the
present time doing some newspaper work
and will be on duty to-morrow."
Lecture by Rev. A. M. Clark.
Rev. Arthur M. Clare, C. S. P., will lecture
on "The Father of Modern Liberty" at Metro
politan Hall Friday evening for the benefit of
tbe uniform and armory fund of Company D,
First Regiment of tne League of the Cross
Cadets. Colonel James F. Smith, past grand
president of the Young Men's Institute and
president of the American Liberal League, will
preside. A select musical programme will be
rendered.
Sued for Stock Margins.
M. R. Williams has sued Benjamin F. Sides, a
stock broker doing business as B. F. Sides <fe
Co., for $3576 80, money advanced during the
past year for margins on mining stocks.
HOW THE MEN OF SOCK AND BUSKIN ARE TOILING FOR PHYSICAL IMPROVEMENT.
THE CITY VELODROME.
A Project to Erect a Big Struc
ture Near the Park Pan
handle.
It Will Be Devoted to Various Kinds
of Amusements and Will Cost
$40,000
It is the intention to establish in this
City a "Velodrome," named after the
Paris structure, to be devoted to various
classes of sports. Articles of incorpora
tion have been tiled by J. D. Gibbs, Cress
linger, J. Bruckman, E. Calisher and
William H. Chapman. The capital stock
is $50,000.
A seven years' lease has been secured of
the block of land bounded by Baker, Fell,
Lyon ana Hayes streets, and upon it the
corporation intends to put up a corrugated
iron building to cost $40,000. It will be
400x375 feet in dimensions, covering the
entire grounds. Details are as yet unde
cided, but it is generally understood that
within the inclosure there will be a six
lap bicycie track, a cinder path and a 100
--yard straightaway. There will also be a
lawn tennis and handball courts, a riding
academy, salt water baths, a cafe. etc.
Provisions will be made too for concerts,
chutes and scenic railroads.
The building will have an arched roof,
with outer walls 30 feet high. It will seat
21,000 persons and have stalls for 1100
horses. Bids are now being received from
contractors, and if ail goes well, work on
the vast building will be begun within a
month.
Died From Heart Disease.
Laurence Snrratt, a buggy-washer employed
by William E. Bridge, 423 Post street, died of
heart disease at the Lurline Baths l&st even
ing. Surratt, who had been ill lor several
weeks, was swimming around in the tank and
suddenly appeared to be taken with a cramp.
He was about to sink to the bottom, when one
of the swimming teachers employed at the
baths grasped him and swum with him to the
platform. A physician was summoned «but
when he arrived Surratt was dead. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
A Flag to Be Presented.
The ladies' of ; St. : Francis" parish will present
an American flag to Company M, League of the
Cross Cadets, in the. basement of the church
corner Montgomery avenue and Vallejo street!
on Friday evening. ' ," '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1896.
"SANICULT " IS
THE PROPER THING,
T. Daniel Frawley and
Jake Gottlob Have
Espoused It.
PUMMEL EACH OTHER.
They Work, Fight and Wrestle
to Try and Reduce in
Flesh.
BOTH AEE BADLT BRUISED.
Athletic Ralph Ross Has All He Can
Do to Handle the Two Theatrical
Managers.
"Sanicult" Is the new fad. .
To be right up in it, swimming in
smooth waters and looking back at the
tyros who are trying to get beyond the
breakers, you have to be kicked about,
tramped upon and beaten half to death.
You must know how to play handball,
football, wrestle, box and occasionally
kick at your nearest neighbor's shin.
You must never get mad, and at the most
aggravating and undue advantage taken
in any of these gentle pastimes by some
opponent, you must turn the other cheek
and say, "Slap again." By all means you
must not forget to smile as you limp away
from the scene of sport and tell your
fellow-sufferers about the great joy that
has been yours, and how much better you
feel for tbe exercise.
That is "Banicult," and its principal
votaries in this City are T. Daniel Fraw
ley, Jake Oottlob, Melville Marx, Douglas
Creighton and Eddie Kauffman.
On the same principle that a tight boot
is a good thine because it makes you ior
get all your other troubles, so is "sani
cult" in its early stages. It puts aches
and pains, black and blue spots all over
your body and you want to keep friends
or foes at a respectful distance until you
are again yourself. It is somewhat similar
to the case of the inmate of the asylum
at Stockton who believed himself to be
possessed of a glass head and who feared
the approach of any one likely to break it
That is the way T. Daniel Frawley,
Jake Gottlob and the other members of
the "Saniculf Club are feeling just now.
They are terribly sore physically, but
highly elated mentally over their new de
parture.
The fact is that both Gottlob and Fraw
ley have been taking on flesh at an unwar
rantable rate during these past few
months, and they have decided not ex
actly to lose it but rather to contract its
bulk and make it harder.
With this in view they recently fitted
up a private gymnasium in the cellar at
110 Powell street, where every afternoon
at 3 o'clock they meet.
No one who has ever seen these suave
gentlemen in their daily intercourse at the
Columbia Theater could be made to be
lieve the terrible things they do to each
other in that basement.
Yesterday, after stripping to the most
abbreviated costume that could be toler
ated at the least exacting seashore bathing
place, they started in at a game of hand
bail. Ralph Ross, the athletic tutor of the
school, refereed the game and was phys
ically able to pull Frawley off when be
had his heel on Gottlob's neck. Handball
developed enough cbolar between the con
testants to fit: them nicely fora four-round
bout with the gloves.
These four-round affairs are such in
name only.
Ross regularly announces: "It is time
now, gentlemen, for the four-round go."
Frawley and Gottlob pick their gloves
and co at it. Such swinging upper cuts,
counters and cross counters no one ever
saw. How on earth in such a small
gymnasium they can manage to fail hit
ting each other is astounding. But, if
they do not cripple or disfigure each other,
they do great work in reducing their
corpulence and keep the janitor busy
swabbing tbe floor.
DELEGATES HAY WITHDRAW
Serious Trouble Has Arisen in the
Building Trades Council.
There will probably be a stormy meet
ing of tbe Building Trades' Council to
night, and upon its proceedings depend
tbe continuance or withdrawal of the dele
gates of several of the largest unions in
the council. As a fact Carpenters and
Joiners' Union No. 22 has already voted
to withdraw its delegates and No. 483 will
probably follow aviv That No. 304, the
Amalgamated Carpenters' and the Italian
union will also draw out is also predicted.
Thi§ trouble has been brewing for some
time and the causes may be traced to
three sources. When the unions affiliated
six or eight months ago, it was decided
thateacb union should be represented by
three delegates, irrespective of the mem
bership of the unions.
As time passed the council found large
expenses had to be met in the shape of
wages for its two business agents, printed
matter, etc Each union was taxed at so
much per capita. Carpenters' Union No.
22 found that it was standing nearly 30
per cent of the expenses, and No. 483 about
18 per cent. Yet neither bad any more
voice in the proceedings of the council
than a small union that pays not over 2
per cent.
The next hitch was relative to admitting
the delegates of the Shinglers' Union, and
tlie decision was adverse to the shiuglers
mainly upon the demands of the car
penters.
The shingler question was not buried
but brought up again by other unions
favoring their admission, and* the matter
was again thrown into the council, much
to the annoyance of the carpenters, for
another consideration. It ia still unde
cided.
Tbe third cause was tha Lathers' Union.
Many non-union lathers have been com
ing to town who take work wherever they
can get it. As a result many (rood jobs
promising long work were struck on their
account and non-union carpenters filled
the vacated places.
At present there are probably twenty
five such "struck" jobs in this City, and
hundreds of union carpenters are walking
the streets while non-union men are doing
the work. To put it plainly, the carpen
ters came to the conclusion that the coun
cil could not carry the lathers, because
tbat union, they say, has caused more
trouble and strikes than all of the others.
Moreover, the lathers are upholding the
shinglers against the carpenters. In fact,
many lathers are also shinglers.
The trouble has now arrived at a crisis
and the carpenters have given the coun
cil the ultimatum that the Jonah must be
thrown overboard or they will abandon
the ship. It is this matter that in to be
decided to-night. Whether or not the
lathers will be thrown out remains to be
seen.
The District Council of. Carpenters and
Joiners too* the bull by the horns last
night and made a decisive move by ap
pointing C. W. Page as business agent for
tbe five carpenters unions.
At a recent meeting of Union No. 22 it
was decided that if the Building Trades
Council does not throw out the lathers the
District Council will ignore the working
card of the former body, and on Monday
next will issue working cards of its own.
This move also includes 483, 304, the Amal
gamated and the Italian unions. These
bodies stand together on all important
matters, and many express the hope that
all will withdraw their delegates so as to
avoid getting into other unions fight 3,
and as a matter of economy as well.
COMPANY OF TO CAMP.
Tbe Location Will Be Haywardi, and
the Name of It Camp
Currier.
As Company F, Fifth Infantry, N. G. C,
has decided to go into camp on Saturday
next, all members are ordered to
report at the armory on that day at 8 p. m.,
in service uniform with web belt, blanket
and haversack to proceed to Haywards
via the O. 8. L. and H. Electric Railway.
Every enlisted man must carry in his
haversack a towel and such other toilet
articles as may be needed. The quarter
master will furnish soap, blacking and
brushes.
The camp will be known as "Camp Cur
rier ' and the routine for camp duties will
be as follows:
6 a. m., reveille; 6:30 a. m., sick call; 7
a. m., breakfast; 8 a. m., inspection of
quarters; 8:15 A. m., guard mount; 8:30
a. M., extended order drill; 9:30 a. m., re
call; 12 m., lunch; Ip. m.. battalion drill;
1:45 p. m., recall; 2 p M., sham battle.
Sergeant J. McCrudden will act as com
missary and Privates W. E. Travers and
M. M. Unda will have charge of the cook
ing department.
The following, who are detailed on the
advance guard will report at the armory
on Friday, August 7, at 6:30 a. m. :
Privates P. F. Johnson, W. W. Rowe, I. J.
Swanson, E. P. Welle and E. O. Williams.
Lee Tie's Murder.
Ock Wah, the highbinder, was yesterday
held to answer betore the Superior Court by
Judge Joachims, >n on the charge of murder.
He was arrested for shooting and killing Lee
Tie on Sunday night, July 19, in Waverley
place. The evidence pointed conclusively to
Ode Wah as the murderer.
Want to Be Released.
The sureties on tne $10,000 bond of Agnes
Fried, administratrix of the estate of H. Fried,
yesterday applied to the Probate Court for
release. The sureties were Marcus Roseu thai
and William Franklin.
■' . bANBOKN, Vail & r Co. have . just added J two
new j printing i? presses "• to ] their stationery de
partment, and are now prepared to till orders
or > bill ' and i letter-head, statements, business
cards, < and r all 5^ other i commercial printing
promptly and ', at j the ■ lowest :, market i rales.
Their assortment of blank books, memoran
dums, type-writer paper, bill files and other
office supplies la complete and selling at pop
ular prices. " F •- '■ -'"■•■ +'V '■ "■•■•'
W~W TO-PAT— PRT GOODS. wj __ r _.
gP WE CLOSE EVERY EVENING AT 6 O'CLOCK, INCLUDING SATURDAY,
| A 3=Days' |
§; Only 3 Days More of Clearance Sale. E
§ Only 3 Days More of the Kraker Stock. g
1 Only 3 Days More to Buy Goods Without i!
I Profit. 1
S Are You Getting Your Share? §
j DRESS GOODS. DOMESTICS. OAKER STOCK. I
Such chances to buy Dress Big, busy Bargainapolis Purchased at 60c on the E
_• Goods elegance for little don't booms with business and dollar. Same ratio to you at £=
come many times in a decade, bargains. Enough said. first. Now for three days
3 Counters lined with Clearance ___ . regardless of values. We
£: Bargains. Priced to live three ginghams, 27-mch wide, 6v*o 030 will sell the rest.
—^ . kind, blue and bro-vn checks. »J4 ' »>-
-r^| days. • To c105e.. ......................... Yard
m^ . .. . . , -" — ""'••'"• : GENTS' MERINO SHIRTS, nat- one -^» ■
__ COLORED SATINB, a lot of odds and UNBLEACHED TURKISH TOW- . ural gray, silk-bound front, Zv Z_
S^ ends of our 25c line, sapphire, green, , TCO ELS, big size, 20x46 Inches, reg- lAC , French neck. Price to dose.... jiach
**r cardina:, navy, brown, etc.. 18-inch, XO nlar old water-absorbers. Take J-\.' • »—
buy this for linings. Lastweek price. : Yard • a look at them. To dose. Each CHILDREN . WHITE LAWN ==5
fe 76c TAFFETA^ILK, all silk. 18 1 InctaM 48° CANTON FLANNEL, unbleached, QIC ' l.wJraffl" fa'cTedge^^eafaV ICO
5 TutSt mn.f^J *'t!lS nri£ ?2d a flne > heaTy ' d e»' raDl ° * abric - fed ; wax. Sold at 35c. Price to 15 g
_• is left must go. Last week price Yard Was 12y a c. Toclose Yard close Each
__ BLACK BROCADED TAFFETA, our • '- '-r ■•«'„ ' • » /.'.—— Z^m
5^ 75C grade, 21 Inches wide, all large y« CO NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR- <B» 1 .35 LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, =^
-_■' - and small designs,' a great offer to - trU TAIN 3% yards long, the $2 t[D-L laundered collars and cuffs, yoke
=2 close. Last week price.........."...... Yard quality. To c105e...... .......... Pair back, big sleeves, sizes 8J to 40. a F^C S~
•_. : ____ • : _. Remember, the 75c kind. Well, 40 — •
S£= 44-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH SERGE, CROCHET SPREADS, 2 yards by to close they are...... £»eh r^
-_» a grand opportunity: summer shades; OQ C 214 yards. Don't - judge the AQO — — fc
_? ".iiLft r week price haVe " Yarn S u * 1H by the price. : About 4 " LADIES' CALICO WAISTS, the
*- ■ yard left. Last weekprice Yard 76c is right. To close ......... Each latest cuts, laundered collar and rS
S SWELL NOVELTY FRENCH SUIT- m^e %?%*£ W^bwdfeaS 35° "^
INGS-Sold by us as h.gh as 90c, a CHENILLE POPTIERES 3V4 _,d seU chef per. To c"os« . D . Each fc
2* grand assortment, all wool and silk CQC yards long. This lot by its pop- *" UK v *««»«• .caen — -
»— and wool, 38 to 42 inches. . Your op- OV - : ularity has been broken in as- ff1»0.50 - — r — •
_T portunity: our loss. Last week price Yard sortments. To close entire lot. iff) LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON __
:^5 ______ Different va1ue5......;.......... Pair VESTS, heavy quality, Jersey S^:
— « ■" — " " ribbed, H. IN. .L. S. aDd H. N. ore •"
§ CLEARANCE .II THE BAZAAR. — a'2S,. D =...» 0 ± 2
I a veH tab e c. h ,v. HEMSTITCHED PILLOWCASES! — §
3 i.o«rß. M « L y ». — CLEARANCE IN NOTIONS ! £
_ OUR CELEBRATED "ADDERLEY'S- 9 C «USlln Of acknowledged gOOd- _ g
;3 sponges— our Bazaar manager says & ness, dry Ironed, torn by hand, _ ■__-. ... .... St^
— • they can't be beat. From 19c t0...... Each .' _ i- V . Everything " clearanceable " «_;
S~ ■-■■- ■ - ■•' ■■-■--•■■■ ■-- ready for use. To close : »i, ih ♦ __ «i _•
•2" FRKNCH BRISTLE TOOTHBRUSHES, CC 4Bx „- i 2lAc each I 50x40M, 22iAc each mUSt bC 8 ° " """ thre ° days. _*
6styie. The price i. to close, aii..: 5 %ZU%.sffiti£l SSIS^.V.il® 2_h Here are some hints :
2? -"••■ •■•" "— J£flcn 64x36..-.20c each 5 ,x i 0 ¥a ..25c each _, , ■••_„. (30 yardg) 4 c spool S
E= ■-.-•.. ..■■■-: :■••'-.--■.; -..' , ' '■* Knitting Silk (SO yards). 4c spool
— — OUR WELL-KNOWN 4c TABLET, a'^ , Machine Thread (50 yards) 2iAcspool —
-*S boon to school children, 1 Inch thick, AC REMNANTS OF LINEJNS— A table full of Garter Elastic (% inch) 6c yard =r
*■— 200 pages, 6x9 inches. Our little ti them. Table Damask, Crash Towels. 25c Handkerchiefs...; 5c each »-
'.- price......................:..............; Each All half price. Etc Etc Etc Etc. — *
BB ®®®(SXs)®<s)®®®®^^ g
i HC-A-I-jIEj BROS. (Incorporated), |
2 937 to 945 lVEa,rls.et Street. §
OLYMPIC CLUB
AND ITS ANNEXES
Henry Crocker Is Strongly
in Favor of Abolishing
Them.
SALARIES MAY BE CUT.
Improvements in the Bathing
Department Will Be
Expensive.
SOME OF THE EMPLOYES TO 60
Professional Boxing Clubs Are Look
ing for Good Talent. Which Is
Hard to Find.
Members of the Olympic Club who take
an interest in club elections are still dis
cussing the nominations for directors and
the proposed opnosition ticket, which will
be made known in a few days.
The members who do not favor Newhall
for president say that be will certainly be
defeated on election day, as he proved
himself a poor financier during his term
as vice-president of the club. H. 8.
Crocker, whose name will figure on the
reeular ticket for the office of vice-presi
dent, is seemingly a favorite with all the
members and his election is consequently
certain. During a conversation on
Olympic Club affairs Mr. Crocker said he
was in favor of abolishing the annexes, as
they were, if anything, damaging to the
interest of the club. He thought that the
wheelmen of the club should be known as
the Olympic Wheelmen and that the club
should develop its own talent instead of
selecting first-class riders from outside
clubs and offering them inducements to
join the Olympics.
"The Gun Club has just as much right to
split up and form annexes as any other
body of men interested in any particular
department of sport," said Mr. Crocker,
"and furthermore if this annex system is
allowed to go on I should not be at all
surprised to see gun club annexes, swim
ming annexes, Dilliard annexes, handball
annexes, in fact everything will be an
nexed in the sweet by and by. But there
is good room for improvement and I think
that the Olympic Club can be made self
sustaining."
Mr. Crocker spoke very favorably of the
retiring president, Mr. _aton.
{superintendent W. J. Kennedy feels un
easy over the defeat of the Eaton ticket.
He is of the opinion that the change in
the administration will mean the curtail
ing of expenses and the discbarge of some
employes.
It is common talk around the club that
the new broom will make several clean
sweeps; that Billy Kennedy will be dis
charged; that Professor Tronchet, the
fencing instructor, will receive an indefinite
leave of absence ; that the salaries of the
boxing, wrestling and gymnastic instruc
tors will receive a trimming, and that
some of the colored employes will receive
a notice that their services will be no
longer required. Retrenchment will be
the war cry of the new board, and a new
system of government will be inaugura
ted.
It is a safe prediction that the next gov
erning board will find hard climbing at the
start. There are many improvements to
be made in the club, which will call for
quite an expenditure. In the first place
the bathing department must undergo re
pairs, which must necessarily be exten
sive. At a low estimate made by one of
the present board of officers, it will cost
the club $2500 to remove the timbers of
the bath-rooms, and also the leaden pipes
which have been greatly damaged by the
salt water.
Galvanized pipes will replace the pres
ent lead ones and the bathrooms must be
constructed of some material impervious
to the inroads of the salt water. In the
second place if a football team be or
ganized the club must dig into the treas
ury as uniforms, instructors, grounds,
training expenses, etc., will cause a fur
ther depletion.
The general opinion is that few enter
tainments will be given durine the next
year unless the present membership be
strengthened by an addition of several
hundred. What the next board will do to
attract new members is at the present time
a puzzle to the knowing ones.
Robert McArthur, the clever boxer who
met George Green at the recent Olympic
entertainment in a four-round bout, has
been suspended from the amateur ranks
by W. F. Humphrey, president of the Pa
cific Coast Amateur Athletic Association.
McArthur's case will be investigated next
Friday evening at a meeting of the asso
ciation.
Van Buskirk, the heavy-weight who
whipped poor old Jack Davis, has silently
stolen away from the City, and is now en
joying himself somewhere in the moun
tains. The National and Colma Athletic
clubs offered Van Buskirk a large purse
to meet Jeffries in a ten-round contest,
but when Van "sized up" the loose
jointed and strapping big representative
of the orange proves of Los Angeles he
wisely concluded that he had a hard con
tract Defore him, and rather than take any
chances of losing a great reputation, which
he gained by whipping Jack Davis, he said
not a word to club managers as he de
parted for parts unknown.
Young Mitchell of the Occidental Clnb
has signed a year's lease of Woodward's
Gardens, where he intends to hold boxing
matches. Tne first event will take place
on the evening of the 28th inst. It will
be a ten-round contest between Joe Mc-
Auliffe and Paddy Slavin, and a ten-round
bout between "Spider" Kelly and Gus
Herget. Slaven is on his journey from
the East.
McAuliffe is said to be in good condition
now, thanks to the close watch that has
been kept on him by Professor Barney
Farley, his manager.
Next Tuesday evening the Manhattan
Athletic Club will give a first-class enter
tainment at its gymnasium, 1749 Mission
street, when tbe feather-weight champion
ship will be decided.
The Columbia Amateur Athletic Club of
1108 Golden Gate avenue, elected the fol
lowing officers to serve for the ensuing
year: President, Bob Cook; secretary, M.
Mamlock; treasurer, Joe Michaels; ser
geaut-at-arms, I. Tuchler; leader, Cbarles
Petersen; captain, Joe Measles; in
structor, V. P. White; directors— Al
Brill, F. Tuchler, E. P. Bfean, J. L. Calla
han, Jesa Turner, J. Seyden, W. Beexman,
E. Liebe*
On the Run
To get a chance at those bargains we
are offering this week.
Won't these quotations tempt you?
PUREE DE FOIES GR AS, tins. . . . IHi
;-■■: Regularly 25c. JL 1 2O
ITALIAN VERMOUTH, Martini & £ A/»
Rossi, b0t............. DUC
Regularly 70c. '
IDEAL OY STERS, extra large. . . . OOl^
Mb tin, 12}£c; 2-lb., £Z2U
Regularly 20c and 30c.
FLETCHER'S CELEBRATED £K«
COCKTAILS, b0t. .............. 0 DC
Regularly $1.
RATHJEN BROS.,
21 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
Telephone Main 5522.
3253 FILLMORE ST., COR. LOMBARD.
Telephone West 158.
WRITE FOR AUGUST CATALOGUE.
School-
Shoes—
The kinci/3^\
that areU*jUl
easy on the^yt'
feet. Keep r"7 /^T^
the feet V^k fc '*\
comfortable \\ ■ (^'^9
and the head V^N^. A^Ui
cool; make S. jS&?\^
lessons a \yA
pleasure Is o- >* li 'Vv
and recess a Fa „r\ «
! time of de- Ia ° fe>^ 1
light. M " Vs>^
I ; Great sale £**-? _?3
I this week of I ""a '"
j school shoes A .-A (
for Misses, J\i \Vo\
■ Boys : and ..i wJ JJW 1
Children. nVWIMIKv
Also, un- M\] /^LA X
■ approach- >"■ LJ\ -.At?
able bar- A. i J^t
gains in Cm J w'
Ladies' Oxfords
And Southern Ties.
An opportunity like this comes td
you seldom enough ; when it does*
: grasp it. _______
The Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
■tarn r lam 6M P. M. Sft»-4«rr 10 P. At