VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 180.
STANFORD'S CARDINAL WAVES IN TRIUMPH O'ER CALIFORNIA'S BLUE AND GOLD
IN the presence of the greatest multitude
of spectators that ever assembled in the
far West to view an outdoor ati;'»:ic
• contest Stanford University yesterday de
feated the University of California at foot
ball. The score was 20 to 0.
' Hours before the game was called at 2:45
■o'clock people were blockading the imme
.- diate avenues of approach to the grounds,
.and those who had not secured tickets
• days te.ore were forced to take their place
in "an endless Jine stretching Mown Market
street from the- main entrance to the
grounds.
The day was perfect for football and for
•an unprpcedented crowd. The air was
crisp, and tnere was hardly a cloud in the
clear blue sky. A Jew scattered, gentle
raindrops floated down at the opening of
the game ;rom a solitary feathery cloud
that passed overhead through the clear
blue sky, but that was all.
Not another thinz occurred to mar the
perfection of circumstances attending the
match, the sixth annual meeting of the
two representative educational centers of
the great West.
Within »t><? incloaure the array of spec
tators was inspiring.
Everybody ihat is anybody in society,
in club life, in athletics was there mingled
with the more active partisans, the
alumni and students of both colleges.
Imagine a great amphitheater sur
rounded on its four sides by thousands
upon thousands of wildly enthusiastic
men and women rising t-.er beyond tier
from the very edges of a large, level arena,
down upon which the multitude ever
rivets an intense but nervous and ex
peciant gaze. There on that field twenty
two men, the best combined brawn and
nerve and physical skill and endurance !
and self-control from nearly three thou
sand youths at two treat rival universities
• of the same great S.ate.
. One is officially and by State support
the University of California; the otuer,
; just as much the property and pride of
the commonwealth, but freely endowed
. and maintained by the irrevocable public
gift oi one of the wealthiest of those hon
-. bred dead pioneers that did so much to
make the Golden State rich in more than
'.'gold. Stanford University and the Uni
versity of California, hoih striviug to
.perfect the young manhood and youn.
. 'womanhood of the State, and yet both, on
. an occasion o; this kind, eager almost to
\ frenzy for the attainment of glory won by
. a mighty public victory over the other.
: . .'Toe two elevens face each other down
"•"to the arena. An intense ca!m settles
.:■ upon the sloping hill-ides of humanity
,"tha£ stretch up and back almost 10 the
-.Burrounding housetops and wail in the so
called gridiron field, maiked off every five
yards by parallel whitewashed lit.es, by
'•which each team's progress toward the
•other's goal ncay always be accurately
■ •measured.
. ' An opportunity is seized by the men in
• blueand gold striped jerseys and stock
. ings I As though stirred by an electric
gust thousands of people jump to their feet
.. with one instantaneous impulse, and like
..frenzied maniacs wave arms and hats and
blue and gold flags and streamers and nb
. bons until it seems that a whirlwind has
scattered nothing but blue and gold over
all those peopled slopes; and the tumult,
"the volume ot the applause, is terrific,
■ thunderous, greater than the noise of
storm-driven waves on a rocky coast.
. • Suddenly as the^e thousands are sink
ing back to tbe;r seats a mighty roar goes
- up from every side and swee; & round the
berciers of the amphitheater, and like one
 man other thousands before silent spring
erect and a lashing, tossing storm ot cardi
■ nal bursts over the multitude.
The impact of the men in the contest is
'. terrific. Those timid spectators not yet
'; completely lost to other thoughts in a
savage partisan desire for tlie supremacy
' cf the team of their choice cannot look on
• with- evincing sympathetic fear at each
.furious crush of bodies and fail of men.
But as the excitement of the game in
" creases even these timid one* are carried
■ away by the contHgion and lose themselves
. i.n the wild spirit of the great mass o; peo
• pie.
Probably no two rival educational or
purely athletic institutions in the world
■vte're ever for so Jong a time so equally
.matched as Cali ornia's two universities.
-. For the rive annual foo ball contests
preceding this the teams were so n ariy
equal that three times the score of the
tame declared them precisely so, and
twice Staniord won by a margin too small
\.io in.iicate much superiority.
What wonder, then, that thousands of
partis-an- floclc to the support of each in a
great spectacular display o. muscle, nerve,
BKill and self-control; for it d<es require
•elf-coniroi to play clean, scien' fac foot
ball. Ti.e men that make football brutal
The San Francisco Call
GOVERNOR BUDD ON THE GAME.
In my judgment the California University was outclassed and outplaypd. A few
brilliant plays were made on their part, but, as a whole, the Stanfords played more
in unison than did the California University boys. But then they had the great
advantage of superior weights.
Their piays were very brilliant, as were also several plays of the Berkeiev boys;
but, all in all, the Stanfords outclassed our boys, outweighed them and were better
trained to work as one. They were entitled to the points they made. It was a very
exciting game, but the teams were not so equal as last year, and therefore the contest
was not so exciting as that of last year.
I anticipaied the Staofonis would win, because, for one thing, they were heavier.
Then you take young men living together, as at Stanford, they are of tener together,
and they play better. Berkeley students are oltener apart and in the City.
Berkeley had some very fine players, though, and made some remarkably fine
plays. I did not see sufficient of the game to judge of it critically in its different
points, but the-e are about my views. James H. Budd.
are the men that would come to blows,
per-aps, over a game of chess. The fault
is in them more than in the game.
During the long wait before the rival
teams were due to appear the immense
assemblage was most restless; it came
< ariy to see and hear the vellers, the
wildly partisan supporters of the cardinal
and of tne blue and gold. All eyes at first
were turned upon the two sul.d masses of
collegians seated side by side in the yell
ins sections-
There on the east side of the field were
the students ;iom Berkeley, gorgeous in
the profusion of their blue and gold rib
bons and decorated canes, and trained in
the rhythm and cadence of their peculiar
yells. Next to them, to the north, were
the Palo Aho student-, with faces flushed
with expectancy and the reflection oi the
flaming Stanford cardinal.
Presently there is a demonstration
among the Berkeiev throng, as they look
eagerly toward the Mission-street en
trance. Their college ban jis aporoacbing
in uniform. They come in a small pro
cession, two men abreast, and file along
before their admirers to a little biock of
seats kept vacant for them in the center of
the solid phalanx of the most enthusiastic
wearers of the b.ue and gold.
Then the California mascots are intro
duced upon the field and the band be. ins
playing, while all the blue-and-gold dec
orated canes, lifted overhead by their
owners, mark the time in a rhythmic
movement. It is a beautiful sight, aud
the thousands of other sympathizers a 1
round the great fiel i unite as the music
ceases in showing their common regard
for the old State University and for what
pertains to it.
The mascots amble along, one tugging
at a chain attached to the other's neck.
One is a very small hoy in a miniature
California football attire — nose-guard,
striped jersey and all ; the other, one of
the emblems of the Golden State, is a very
cute little brown bear, too young to be
ferocious and too small to be effective,
anyway.
The antics of California's mascots have
not yet wearied the good-natured multi
tude before another feature of the day ap
pears. The Stanford men roar their ap
proval as through the main entrance come
trooping their college baud, playing an
Cotton Bucking Low in Tandem Play Through California's Center, Where Stanford's Powerful Linesmen Repeatedly Tore
Openings for Their Giant Fullback*
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1596.
Glimpses at the Humorous Side of the Great Football Game.
inspiriting march as they skirt the grid
iron field and head for the seats reserved
for them wiih tne Stanford rooters.
There are over forty men in the band
and all are att red in bright cardinal
gowns reaching to their sboesand in card
inal mortarboard*, symbol c of student
life. Their appearance is the sensation so
far. It fcss eclipsed tue various wHtr
yells, i he jibes aud the chorusea cries of
botn sides.
Sume of the Stanford men suddenly
took a very maney looking small dog over
into the field. H- is much beribboued
with b.ue and gold even to his drooping
tail to which is attached a can. The cur
run-* in a wild-eyml frightened way for a
moment aud then halts. The joke on
California is not so great a success after
all and some Stanford man explains
"The poor dog can't feel say with such
colors."
At 2:37 the Stanford team comes tum
bling over the low fence into the field
where they are to fight to defend the
championship held for five years by their
predecessors. They are ablaze in great
cardinal sweaters and look big and strong.
In a moment more, and as the Stanford
men are running rapidly about in prelim
inary exercise, the California team comes
tumbling on the field, resplendent in
blaz.ng new blue and gold striped
sweaters.
The thron? gives vent with redoubled
energy to its intense enthusiasm.
The game begins. It soon becomes evi
dent that Stanford's is a powerful team.
Step by step they go steadily down the
field forcing the big California men be
fore them at nearly every attempt. One
touchdown is made and presently an
other. The first half ends with Stanford
10 points to California's nothing and an
impressive silence reigns over a great sea
of unsmiling face*. The Stanford line has
proved all that its enthusiasts claimed for
it and California is being outplayed at
every point.
The players troop on the field after the
intermission and then rub down ready for
the second half. California hopes for a
radical change that will bring a renewal of
form as in some previous years. But they
are disappointed.
Their team battles bravely but against
great odds in attempting to even the
score. Twice again the Stanford ; team
scores in its same irresistiole, over
whelming, piledriver mode of attack, and
the game ends as no other former match
has between these two rivals — in an over
whelming victory for one.
As the whistle sounds the end of play
pandemonium breaks loose in the Stan
ford sections." .' The men r swram on the
field and, headed by their bind, begin an
impromptu triumphal march round inside
the low fence. Hundreds join in : the
wildly jubilant throng, with hats in air
and canes and arms raised on high. -.
S. They grab the giant captain of ' the
team — the great, awkward, • honesi-looK
mg counterpart of sl.*s I .*. 1 Honest • O.d
Abe" — and bear him on their ■ shoulders
over to one side of the .; field; where
a large laurel wreath ■ thoughtfully pro
vided by confident admirers is placed over
bis broad shoulders; and the procession
goes on and on, round and round, yelling,
cheering and >: boosting up and carrying
the other players 'in \ the cardinal jerseys
begrimed with dirt . and soaked with per
spiration after ibe, , ; v tjien «i straggle of .
uear.y an h)iur.anfr~J'ifty~&^.^ijx. .. », : -.'Jv. v «
At one end oi tue lield, high above the
heads of all, has stood during the game a
great cloth score-board, on which • the
point* were recorded as made. Two Stan-
rd men detach it and lower It into the
field.
The California men have nearly all left
or are siill crowding out the several exits,
but Beveral have lingered to observe what
might have been their own conduct had
ti.e game gone as they wished. Two,
then three, then four of them dash
wildly at the great cloth screen
and tear in shreds the evidence that they
will not see paraded down Market street
at the bead of the great procession now
forming. A wild scuffle and some blows
ensue.
The California men do not aesist. Like
frenzied animals they throw themselves
at tha unoffending cloth-covered frame
and succeed in making it unfit for parade.
But down Market street the triumphant
Stanford students go yelling so that there
is no question as to which team won.
The scene at the P.easantou when the
victorious Stanford leveu arrived there
after the game was unique. The men
hugged each other in their glee, and Cap
tain Fickert was overwhelmed with the
embraces and congratclaiionsof his fellow
players and friends. Coach Cross grabbed
the big captain in his arms and gave him
a hearty embrace, with the remark : "Well,
old man, I told you how it would be. No
one could win against such a captain. I'm
proud of you and the whole outfit."
BY A STANFORD
ENTHUSIAST.
Stanford won from Berkeley yesterday
the most deeded victory in the history of
intercollegiate football on the Pacific
Coast Four touchdowns and two goals
is something that has been unknown here
tofore in the annual struggles between the
MEN WHO ADVANCED THE BALL,
STANFOBD&
Times Round Through
ran. ends. tackles.
Through Yarns Number Number
center., gained. pums. fumbles.
HBBKH teCPBKSS» SMBEBHk i fIBRHHSI
Points
scored.
Cotton, fullback.
Bearish i. left ha f......
Fisher, right ball
M urpuy. quarter. ......
Carle, right guard
t'lckert. lef. guard
nice, lets t:>C.v)e ;..':...
45
20
1«
5
2
2
1
•i
6
■ 5
10
14
36
'i
127
SI
38
74
7
6
i"
3
8
8*"
2
1
1
" "is""
4*"
. ■) .T0ta15......
- CAI.ITOBNIAS.
Hall, eft half
Urn some, lull back....
\h-rm» i. ri,M.t ball..'.
Kennedy. quirt«r.. .;...
Uasklil, quarter
91
U
15
5
8
11
a
S3
f"
2
38
""I"'
313
■;.J85.-:-
-106 .
24
18
....^. g ....
4
7
1
1
1
20
Totals.
: 5
13
a i B
l.s
10
two great universities of California and of
the whole West.
The Stanford team showed the benefit
of its outing in the foothills. The men in
cardinal sweaters that leaped : cross the
fence and jogged out into the lield showed
power and activity in their movements
almost entirely lacking two weeks ago.
Too much credit cannot b* given to Al
Lean, who has trained the Stanford men
for the last few weeks. He took a team
on which several of the men were crip
pled and one or two others "stale" from
overtraining, and in an incredibly short
time put them in the pink of condition.
"Al's" work was second only to that of
Coach Cross and his assistants.
During the absence of the team the
S'anford sympathizers could learn noth
ing of the condition of the players except
by hearsay, and although some were con
fident enough to expect a score of 20 to 0
in Stanford's favor, still, relying on the
showing of the Berkeley team in previous
games of the season, the great majority of
the wearers of the cardinal looked for a
close game. It is needless to say. however,
that the lesult was an agreeable disap
pointment. Stanford simply outplayed U.
C. at every point.
Ransome's punting was far behind Mur
phy's, especially in the first half, when it
seemed almost impossible for him to place
his punts.
The Berkeley backs were strong and
quick, but were given absolutely no pro
tection by the line. Stanford broke through
repeatedly and downed the runner before
he could get well started.
T c wearers of the blue and gold striped
stockings were guilty of a surprising
amount of fumbling. Ransome was
especially weak in handling Murphy's
punt-. In fact all of the U. C. backs, with
the possible exception of Hall, seemed to
find the ball decidedly slippery, while the
Pain Alto boys played a game noticeably
fr> c from fumbles.
Stanford's game was remarkably clean
as far as fouls were concerned, while
Berkeley was penalized several times.
No one will be able to find fault with
Stanford's touchdowns, for they were
made by hard, beady playing. The
second touchdown, although it was not
won by end running or line bucking, was
nevertheless made through the work of
the line men in following the ball and
thus showing their ability to carry out
the directions tnat have been drilled into
them for months. To Jack Rice belongs
the credit of the second touchdown and it
was very well done. "Johnny" played a
steady, conscientious game throughout.
His showing wasjeven more praiseworthy
when it is known now that the game is
over that he weighed but 151 pounds,
while his opponent was a man who tipped
the scales at 135.
Captain Fickert did some capital work
at interference and in opening up holes in
the line. The other center mi>n, Williams
and Carle, played very strong games and
easily outclassed their opponents. These
three center men heiped to gain the great
est number of yards in the game by forcing
the opposing center back to enable Cotton
to buck.
Cotton undoubtedly played the star
game of the day. He was given the ball
over twenty times for center- bucks and
seldom failed to gain hi-" distance. He
made two of the four touchdowns.
Murphy distinguished himself by his
clever generalship, his punting and his
running. He made the first touchdown
in the second half by a very clever run on
the quarter-back lake. He kicked two
goals out of the three at which he had a
chance.
Searight showed up especially strong on
defensive play. His «nd-running was also
very effective. Fisher was used consider
ably for bucking and made some good
gains.
Straight and Jeffs were to be relied on
in tackling. They broke up the interfer
ence well and got down the field fairly
well on punts. They were unable, some
times, to nail the catcher of a punt, but
this was often due to the fact that
Murphy's punts were exceedingly long.
Roy Smith, who took Jeffs' place in the
second half, played perhaps the best end
on the field.
"Chet" Thomas bad Berkeley's strong
est tackle to oppose and made a most
creditable showing.
Ransome and Sherman did not play the
game they did last year. In fact, their
play was of an inferior order. Hall's
work stands out with the greatest promi
nence among the Berkeley men. Simp
son and Craig made some capital plays.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
B rkeley's boasted surprises did not ma*
terialize to any great extent. They tried
one or two false lays, but with ill success.
They relied principally upon end runs,
while Stanford did a great deal of buck*
in* and showed great power in every style
of pi ay.
The beat team won and won handily.
Many enthusiastic Stanfordiles claimed
that the second team could have defeated
Berkeley, and these claims are not un
reasonable, for never before has Stan
ford bad a "scrub" eleven that conld play
as strong football as that of this year. To
the men who gave the Varsity so many
hard rubs in practice is due unlimited
credit in the brilliant victory that has
come to Stanford.
Walter M. Mclntosh, Stanford '97.
FROM BERKELEY'S
STANDPOINT.
The whole story of Berkeley's defeat
could be told in a single short sentence.
They were simply outplayed by the Stan
ford team in a fair, square and hard
fought game. It was evident within fire
minutes after the kickoff that Berkeley
was outclassed, and from the first touch
down the supporters of the blue and gold
played an uphill fame. The heavy line
driving qualities of the Palo Alto men
were too much for our team. They took
advantage of this from the very start and
made r peated gains through our center,
left guard and tackles. They resorted but
little to end running and to strategic
plays, but whenever a yard or two was
needed the ball was passed to Cotton and
through our center he would go like a
piledriver. It was remarkable in all these
plays how few fumbles were made by the
Palo Alto men, while the ball was lost by
Berkeley time and time again, even under
less trying circumstances.
One of the prime elements in Stanford's
qualifications ior playing good football
was the ability of her men to hoid the ball
and to get it from Berkeley on fumbles.
The game throughout was hard, snappy
and sportsmanlike on both sides, and
while it was almost entirely devoid of
brilliant individual plays, it was character
ized by superior team work, particularly
on the part of Stanford. Most of the Palo
Alto men having practiced together all
season in the positions they held to-day,
they were enabled to work together more
nearly in unison than was possible
in the case of the Berkeley men, who have
been shifted about from place to place in
an enieavor to strike the strongest com
biuation from the material at hand. Not
having sad men of the most desirable
build and strength for the positions of
center and lett $_uard, it became necessary
for the coach to try first one man and
then another at these places.
Carr, who played center in the Berkeley
team, did his first work in that position a
week ago. Not having had a desirable
left guard, Lmdlow was transferred from
tackle to this position, and than back to
his old place again, when Walithall, one
of last year's Varsity guards, appeared on
the scene only six days ago. With a cen
ter weighing only one hundred and
eighty-five pounds, aud having had only
seven days' practice at the position, and
wiih a guar.i who has had only six days'
actual training this season, what could we
expect but defeat against a center and
guards than whom there are perhaps
none superior in the State?
Without fear of con radiation, I will say
in ibis connection that the Berkeley team
put up one of the grittiest if not the most
gritty game that has been played on the
Pacific Coast within the last two seasons.
They real. zed soon after the play began
that they had strong odds to work
against, and instead oi merely trying to
stave off dire defeat they did their utmost
to overthrow the.r opponents. But all to
no purpose. If the team did lose th;
game, their one redeeming quality was
the grit they showe I.
In the first part of the game both of the
teams were slow to line up after each • 1 ty,
but in the second half a murned improve
ment was noted in this ] articular. The
qua ten acks on both sides disp.ayed good
judgment in handling their men and in
u-uiL- the slow and steady or the fast plays.
In M.-rpny Staniord has a remarkable
man for this position. Dp to the time
Kennedy broke bis nose he was doing very
c.ever work. Ha.-keli, who succeeded
him. worked the men almo-t too fast, and
the result was that the ball was put into
play before they were ready for it.
Berkeley's best gains were made
around the ends, while Stanford's ad
vances were made, of course, through the
center and by means of the revolving
wedge through tackles. Hail, Sherman
and Ransome all did distinguished work
at end plays, but they were prevented2
THE MEN WHO WON THE GAME.
from keepine up a succession of gains
by the breaking througn and tackling of
the Stafford players.
Punting was a feature on both sides. In
the first i.alf Ransome's kicks did not
avail much, because of an adverse wind,
but in the second half, with tbe wind with
the ball, they resulted in big gains for
Berkeley. The quarterback kicks of Mur
phy must receive special mention. They
were long and in most cases well placed,
and coming as surprises were Quite ef
fectual. '
It was a loss to Berkeley in the second
half when Arkley was substituted for
Wallthall, who had SDrained his back.
Arkiey was handicapped in not knowing
the style of play of Carle and consequently
was not as able to stand him off as if he
had played throughout the game.
Greisberg put up against Fickert a hard,
steady game. But lew gains were made
through his position. Though not a par
ticularly aggressive player, Greisberg is
strong on the defensive, and while he does
not hammer his opponent very hard h
eees to it that his own position is pro
tected.
Simpson's work was well up to his aver
age. It was marked by bard, aggressive
playing on the offensive and by quick,
accurate tackling. He got into every play
and always managed to do some good.
Of Ludlow more was expected. He did
not approximate the work he has been
doing in practice for some time past. Re
peated tains were made through his posi
tion and he did not seem to mix up his
opponent as be migfct have done. Though
his work was hard and savage at times he
did not play a steady game. At ends Doth
Craitf and McNott held their own in good
style. Because Stanford did not attempt
end-running to any extent these two men
had an opportunity to rest up and to get
ready lor the runners wben they should
happen to come their way.
Both raade good tackles, and both
played with equal skill in breaking up
the interference of the opponents.
While it is hard to brook defeat, es
pecially such an overwhelming one, there
is an element of satisfaction and consola
tion in tbe knowledge that the Berkeley
men did their very best, and that the loss
of tbe game was in no way due to un
sportsmanlike conduct, faintheartedness
nor lack of purpose.
Will C. Russell, U. Q, '98.
FROM FICKERT,
STANFORD'S CAPTAIN.
To the San Francisco Call: "We defeated
Berkeley simply because we were too
strong for her. No one man won for us;
it was all together for Stanford. Berkeley
should receive nothing but praise for her
uphill game. When those men knew they
were losi tfiey continued to play just as
hard as they did when they started in full
of confidence. I don't see what fault can
be found with the play of their team or
with the individuals, with the exception
of one man; that mas was Ludlow. All I
have to say of his play is that it was
brutal. He repeatedly slugged our men
and Jeffs' snoulder was fractured by his
" inexcusable roughness. Outside of that
all the men on both sides played clean,
hard football. I heartily admire Ransomo
and his wtole game; he is a clean, hard
player and did his very best. He man
aged his team admirably, considering how
much outclassed Berkeley really was. No
blame can attach to Berkeley's captain
for Ludlow's roughness.
For our men. Cotton's bucking was as
fine as I have ever seen, and he proved
just as effective back of the line as we
knew he wonld. Searipht's work was even
better than we had counted on and Fisher
bucked and tackled in bis best style.
For Murj>by'» play, no one who saw it,
or his arranaement of the signals, needs
to be told mat he played almost fault
lessly. His passing was accurate, his
punts long acd his tack. ing better than
usual. He used good judgment in his
sipnal-Riving.
The men played so veil in every place
that •it is bard to pick out who did the
best. Jeffs had two men to deal with,
which accounted for bis missing of tbe
runner on two or three occasions.
Kay Smith, when put in Jeffs' place a'ter
Jeffs' injury, made some ffective tackles,
but in my opinion it was Straight who
did the best end work of any man on tbe
field. I knew he would do reliable work,
but was even surprised at his tine game.
Botn Chester Thomas and Jack Rice
held their position in line in great shape.
There was a great resj onsibiiity on these
men, and they proved equal to every emer
gency. Rice's quick work in falling on a
fumbled ball and his ia<kling ware fea
tures of the fame. Thomas' breaking
through and following the bail cannot be
too highly praised.-
I knew they couldn't bridge our center
with "Old Heff" Williams and Carle.
Williams and Carle in my estimation
completely outplayed their men. I felt
confi lent of our center.
Through the wtole season the men
worked faithfully. The whole credit of
the victory belongs to these men who
stood by me through the whole year, and
Stanford owes her victory to them. I am
thanK.nl that it was my fortune to be cap
tain of such a lot of men.
We knew Berkeley would try several
tricks and so were anxious about the re
sult, though we were determined to win.
After five minutes' play I knew we had
the game, and I think Berkeley's team
realized it too, but the way they stayed
with it was great and 1 specially admire
Ransome's erit.
The fact that so few men were injured
shows the excellent condition of both
teams. I am soiry that Kennedy's nose
was so bad!y hurt. He has lots of sand.
The conditions were just as favorable for
Berkeley as she couid have asked and she
must own that she was f-quarely and com
pletely beaten. Cardinal is still on top.
C. M. Fickeet.
CAPTAIN RANSOME
ON THE GAME.
I have but little to say about the game,
fnrther than that we were fairly and thor
oughly defeated. Stanford's line was too
strong for us. They beat us at kicking,
tney beat us at line-bucking, In interfer
ence and in team wo k. We saw from the
start that we were not: their equals, so
what could we do but to work our very
best? It was merely a case of erit and
sand against a strong, heavy team. It
was hard lack, but it had to go. It was
my ambition to be on the team which
would defeat Stanford, bat now my last
hope has fl d, because my university foot
ball days are over.
I have been playing for four years on
the Varsity, which is the limit according
to tlie intercollegiate agreement. I am
bound to do something in athletics against
Stanford yet. Guess I will go down to the
track and try to win a second place In the
spring meet.
All the men did their very best. There
was not a quitter on the team. My cap,
taincy for the last, year has been a source
of great pleasure, because of the loyalty
and untiring energy of/the candidates for
places on the team. Our defeat is now a
matter of history, and so the only thing
we can do now is to get in and try to van
quish them next time.
A. W. Rajjsome, Captain TJ. C. Team.
RANSOME'S LETTER
TO FICKERT.
To show that nothing but friendly
rivalry exists between tne leaders of the
Berkeley and the Stanford football teams
the :ollowing courteous letter was cent to
Captain Fickert to-night by Captain Ean
some:
Baldwin Hotel, Nov. 26, 1896.
Lear Fickert: Allow me to congratulate you
upon the excellent game your team put up,
and to say that you beat us fairly and thor
oughly. I bad hoped to be the recipient of
congratulations, but my hopes were blasted by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
COLLEGE COLORS WAVE IN TWO THEATERS
Stanford's Dramatic Effort
After the Vic
tory.
A Crowded House Joins in the
Yells and the Ap
plause.
Speeches, Dances and Music Fill
Out a Varied Pro«
gramme.
Stanford's Thanksgiving theatricals
pacKed the California Theater last mght
from foyer to gallery. Most of the people
in the audience and a goodly number of
the performers wore the triumphant car
dinal color, and between tbe acts things
were kept pretty lively by facetious allu
sions to the victory and by calls upon the
football heroes for impromptu speeches.
The piece de resistance of the bill was a
vaudeville, "The Macbeths of Berke
ley," in the building of which Carolua
Acer had conferred upon the late William
Shakespeare the honor of collaboration.
The waits were long, however, and the
"turns" which preceded "The Macbeths
of Berkeley" so numerous that the cur
tain did not rise for it until 20 minutes
toll.
The first part of tbe programme was in
teresting, however, and kept people well
entertained. In the first place there was
a good orche-tra, directed by Harris Con
nick and composed of Stanford talent,
which played a number of popular selec
tions; tbe manColin and glee clubs did
some of their usual clever work and the
corps de ballet of Stanford and tbe baller
ina almost took the shine oat of La Loie
Fuller.
Charles Dillon, under the filmy norn de
theater of Signorita Ca r lotta Dilloni, did a
remarkable piece of skirt dancing, which
won such a warm encore that tbe signorita
responded with a negro song and dance, a
la May Irwin. Mile. Maccaroni, with tne
help of several electricians, gave a very
clever parody of a serpentine dance "a la
Loie," and wben the figures 20 to 0 were
thrown on the waving araperies, the
bouse yelled in delight.
The winter ballet brought out tbe full
ternsichorean resources of Stanford in a
brilliant manner, and when the premiere,
MJle. Henrietta Deuel, champion long
ills ance endurance danseuse of the cua-t,
joined her efforts to those of the cory
phees, tbe ballet was pronounced one of
the most complete successes ever seen on
the stage of the California Theater.
George Baldwin and Cuarlas Dillon gave
an amusing parody of a turn in "The
Babes in the Wood," in which they ap
peared as two weary wanderers and sang
"I Wonder Why?" with new and up-ib
date words that were full of allusions to
football.
During one of tbe waits speeches were
called for from the football men. In re
sponse to cries of "Cross," tne coach
stepped to tbe front of bis box and said?
"I want to tell you to-night that Berke
ley may do her best, but Stanford ha*
much better men, a much better team and
a much better spirit. I may not come
here again, but I want to say if you keep
the same spirit Berkeley men can never
beat Stanford."
'•The Macbeths of Berkeley," or "After
tbe Ball," was an amusing football bur
lesque, _in which Lady Macbeth wore
bloomers and ruled her husband, the cap
tain oi the Berkeley forces, with a rod of
iron.
Tne three witches were represented as
being co-eds, who foretold how the foot
bail battle was to be lost and won. All
ihe Berkeleyites were represented as liv
ing in tent.-, and the one aim of their
lives was ».o beat Stanford at football. All
the parts were cl vriy acted and sung.
The following is the full cast:
Duncan, captain of the Stanford forces,
Charles C. Perkins; Thnne of (<.') Ross, aid to
Macbeth, Leroy E. McChesney; Professor Mac
beth, captain of the Berkeley force-, Frank
Riley; But-a-worthless fiussco, aid io Mi.c
beth, John \V. Briscoe; Mrs. Macbeth, Caroius
Ager; Dig, Bone and Grind, ibree witching
Berkeley co-eds, Walter Mackintosh, Harry
Deuel and George W. Busii.
Stanford's excellent team p!ay. Yours In
friendly rivalry, A. W. Rahsome.
♦
BANQUETED AT
THE BALDWIN.
Tne Berkeley Varsity team, the second
eleven, tbe coach, the manager and a lew
invited students and friends of the uni
versity, numbering in all forty persons,
banqueted at the Baldwin last evening,
after the game. Though vanquished in
the great contest of the year the collegians
decided it was best to take the matter
cheerfully, and soon their sorrow wns
drowned in the flowing kowL Songs were
sung, speeches were made and words of
good cheer were exchanged. Toasts were
offered by Coach Butierwortb, Captain
Ransome, Manager Reinbardt, Walter
Henry. Professor W. E. Magee, Lieutenant
Hinckley (who was referee at the name).
Yellmaster Gooding, Bernard P. Miller,
W. C. Russell and yarious members of the
team.
Professor Magee proposed three cheers
for the members of the team, and as he
called out tbeir names, the cheers from
forty throats fairly shook the banquet
hall.
As a token of respect and esteem, Cap
tain Ransome was presented with a huge
bouquet of the choicest chrysanthemum*.
Af ler tbe feast the team went in a body
to tbe University of California Thanks
giving extravaganza, "In Kokopo," at
the Auditorium, wnere they occupied a
box. They remained for the night at the
Baldwin..
. -.■.■-• •- k . . ♦
The Games Played.
Matches '■■' :■',. '.Stanford. California.
March 10,1895......,1..14 1O
December 17. : 1892:. 1O ,A. '. 10
Thanksgiving, 1893.... 6 6
Thanksgiving, 1894.... 6 . O
Tlmiiksj-iving, 1895... 6 . ... 6
Tliaukßgiviug, 1896 20 ~V , O
THE SOWING REGATTA.
Exciting Boatrac*s at A. lamed a Hole
Yesterday Between Crack Crews. \
'. A'large crowd attended the rowing re
gatta held under the auspices of the Pa
cific Athletic  Association yesterday iat
Alameda , mole. -•> V. '-^ '":':'•': _ r
'x Owing to unavoidable delays the races
did not start until an hour after the time
set. '■■-..'.- , ••'iV'"--;.V'. : ' - : :*-V;V '"'/:.'}
';• The first' race was the intermediate barge
event between the University of '. Califor
nia, South Ends, Alameda and §tockton
Boating clubs. The race was a pretty and
exciting one, and was won by the Alanie
das by a length in 10:02, the Stocktons just
beating the university, tor second place.
X In the second race .McCaustaud defeated
A. G. Brown. of . (Stockton by two lengths
in the quick time of 11:26. Brown was
handicapped by not being used to rough
water. .
In returning to the pier his light shell
,was ; swamped : by heavy X seas. .He . was
thrown into the water, bat managed to
hold himself up by grasping his boat. The
Berkeley Boys Cause a Deal
of Fun at the Audi
torium.
The Extravaganza of "In Kc
kopo" Greeted by a
Packed House.
Some Original J.kes by Rosborough,
Cathcart am Dean Cause
Much Merriment
The Berkeley boys gave the extrava
ganza "In Kokot>o" last night at the
Auditorium to a crowded house. It is a
three-act burlesque, and the college boys
rendered it in such a way as to cause
much fun. Colonel George A. Knight
was there, and Frank Powers and a host
of people who taite a strong interest in the
doings of the young men of the uni
versity.
Yellow chrysanthemums and the "bints
and gold" colors were in evidence all over
the building, and ever and anon there
were loud cries and inquiries as to the
health of Ransome, Sherman, Hall, Simp
son and others, and to each the answer
always came back, "He's all right."
The caat was as follows: Queen Yoyo,
Joe Rosborough; Swaiera, lord of the
slipper, Fletcher McKutt; Cinchem, lord
of the cinch, Walter A. Starr; Rabbs,
lord of the leisure hour, Dudley Dean;
Gyp, the court jester, William Smith;
Ucie, secretary to the queen, H. B.
Quinan; Leonora, daughter of the queen,
.Fred Knigtit; Ethel, daughter of the
queen, Henry Brizard; Gertrude, daugh
ter of the queen, Cyril Wigmore; i)ix,
daughter of the queen, Ben Ba^ewell;
Troubadour, Otto Wedemeyer; the Legit,
Sterling Carr.
Besides these Alexander Rosboroush and
J. Cathcart represented tue 'castaway
comedians," and there were cnoruses of
suffragist?, boarding- school girls, football
men, troubadours and comedians.
The first act illustrated uiscontent in
Queen Yoyo's court. A vessel approaches
and there is joy. The second act opens
with a recess hour on the beach for four
williul maidens, members of the Queen's
court, who refuse to continue their c . uca
tion. A violent storm ensues. The vessel
lands and with the rrew a lot of black
barbarians, who, at the instance of the
Queen, qut-ll the discontent.
The uext act shows the condemnation
by Swatem. The Queen decides a petition
from tbe football team. "The Hero of tbe
Ball." Queen Yoyo yields. Tableaux. The
royal gardens of the* Queen.
There were many amusing interludes.
Fletcher McNutt as Swatem made a lot of
fun. but Dudley D j an as a tramp and
knowu as the lord of a leisure hour was
a constant caune of amusement to the
college boys and others of the audience.
The specialties were as follows: "Dark
ies' Patrol" (Lansing), by the U. 0. Banjo
CiUD; "La Tapica," by tLe U. C. Mandolin
Club; a few short remarks and inci
dentally a song by Alexander Rosborough
and Jack Cathcart; "Coins Chang," by
William Smith ; Professor Newton, elocu
tionist, in a few remarks relative to foot
ball; "it's Swagtrer," Mba Up-to-Daie;
Spanith dance, under the direction oi and
introducing a sole iy *- ison Remondi.
Some very goodf piesfwere given during
the evening. During th'd rioi m one of the
m.nstrt Is peered into tne sky and said;
'I see it."
"What? 1
"The airship."
To the inquiry, "What are the colors?"
came the answer "Blue and gold," and
tnen there was vociferous cheering again.
Another one ran :
"I met a lady who knows you weiL"
"Wuo?"
"Your wash lady. Do you know her?"
"No, but I know where she bangs out."
Yet another one ran: "Sorry to see
such a full h use here to-nigut, but boys
will be boys."
It was a night productive of great
hilarity for the boys, and, in fact, for
everybody wno was there.
Ariel quickly came to his aid and took
him a. oard.
In tbe excitement a rope was tnrown to
him and it was carried to the stern of the
buat, becoming entangled in the propeller.
Tbe launch would have drifted on the
rocks but for the timely assistance of the
Camanche.
The third race wa^s the junior scull be
tween T. R. Keenan and Joseph Foley.
Foley refused to row over the course, as
the water was too rough. Keenan, tin
daunted, weni over the course in 15:45,
winning the prize.
The race between the first and second
divisions of the >aval Reserve wa3 tne
best of the day.
The race wa's a close one until near the
ELIZABETH STRONG WORTHINGTON.
AS THE BALL MOVED, AND BY WHOM
The Opening play Is at the top of the diagram, which represents the Central Park gridiron as viewed
from the two university yelling sections on the easi side of the field. California has the first tick off
and RiMome opens the name by puntiig :o Stanford's 26-yard line toward the Market-street end of
th<> grounds. All ihe pays after thai are cnrcfuily recorded and may be followed by the aid of the key
to :he plays Indicated on the chart. California is trying to work to the right or to Stanford's goal In the
flrst half, while Stanford Is striving to advance on California's goal at tbe leftb and Hide uf the chart
In the second half tbe i earns reverse their posit loug and the goals they defend. Each move after a
azuall cross is a Btanfora play, and each on* alter a large dot la a California play. AUer a goal baa been
made tbe ball Is retained io the center of tbe field for another klckoff similar to the opening Diar.
x On Stanford plays C stands for Cotton, Se lor F for Fisher, M for Murphy, FU lor Fickert,
Rt for Rice, T for Thomas, Ca for Carle.
On California plays R stands for Ransome, H for Hall, Sh for Sherman.
Drawn Up in Battle Array.
finish, wben the second division made a
spurt and won by a length.
The first division is not satisfied with
the outcome of the race, and has chal
lenged the winners to another, which will
occur shortly.
W. O. Patch, Matt Breen and Henry
Bode started over the course in their light
SKifN.
Halt way down they encountered heavy
seas, and two of them were upset and had
to swim to the rocks.
On account of the roughness of the
water the other races were postponed un
til next Sunday at 10 a. m. at Lone Bridge.
The Stockton giants have siirnifiei tb* ir
intention of remaining over for the
event.
EMMANUEL CHURCH
BREAKS INTO SONG
Proposes to Give a Sps
cially Fine Concert
To-Nght.
Pastor Gibson Has Consented to
Give a Reading on "The
Love That Endures."
Frank Lincoln, Elizabeth Strong
Worthington and Other Special
Talent Will Assist.
Emmanuel Bapti.«tCburch will hold what
Will be one of the finest concerts that have
been given in the City during recent years,
this • veninjr.
The usual church concert made up of
volunteer talent has ceased to be a draw
ing card, and Robert N. Lynch, assistant
to the pastor of Emmanuel Church, was
given chnrge of a musicalo with instruc
tions to spare no expense in securing the
bpst available artists. In this he was
KEW TO-DAY
ifSTTOLIEiESt
Of many of our lady cus-
'% tomers who were unable
. "to make their purchases
' last Monday on account
of the rain, we Will renew
- \ OUR FREE
SOUVENIR OFFER
To-morrow (Saturday), Nor. 28.
A Souvenir to be given with vach purchase
of 25 cents or over.
WONDER CUT-RATE DRUG STORE
sowtm796. eo\ rrevnci^ca
singularly fortunate, and the programme
Drest-nted to ' the public is of unusuil
merit. •
Frank Lincoln, the popular imperso •
ator and melo-monolo^ue humorist, w»s
secured for the occasion and will occupy
forty minutes of the programme. Mi
Lincoln has appeared with great success
before society audiences in i is City. - (
Not satisfied even with this celebrated
artist, Mr. Lynch has gone further and
spcure.i the cervices of Elizabeth Strong
Worthington :of " Chicago, famed as an
anti.oresa and elocutionist. Mrs. Worth- \
uigton's father was the late Judge George
r. Strong oi this City, and this is her lirst
visit to the coast. She was under the in
struction of several prominent readers and
elocutionists for several years, and is now
one of the best in her line. She will not
appear in the City again except in a spe
cially requested lecture at the Emmanuel
Cnurcb on December 10.
Willis E. Bucheller' and William G.
Wood will be the tenors of the pro
pl -* m me ' ? nd they «well able to appear
W tk Mr - Lincoln ?nd Mrs. Worthington.
The other numbers of the 1 proeramme
will be supplied by Mrs. M. E. Gallahorn
soprano; Miss Cecelia Tiube, pianiste, and
Rev. J. George Gibson, reader. The ac
companists will be Wallace A Sabin R
G. Burness and C. M. T. Parker. , "' rs "
The following is the programme: j »v:» v :
Piano solo, "X0rma"...;.....: t«, h _
IS B Cecelia Tighe. • Us * b <«*
Solo, "A Soldier's .-ong" Maacheroni
• • ». j. c. Hughes. wai
Recitation, "Joe and He]" a Western love
5t0ry. ....'..... .....;'." Wonhlngion
- Mizabeth Mrouit WorthlDgton. 8
Solo fa) "Duncan Gray" (b) '-Bonnie l«slie"
Dedicated to and sung by W.llis E. Bachel-""
, ler before tbe Musk-lam*' Club of Ban J- ran- .
Cisco. . - .
• Willis E. Sacbeller.
(Accompanied by ihe corn oser, Wallace A. c abin.)
An original mon^lo^oe, "Is Music a Failure?" .
Frank Linco.n.
Solo, "for All Kterni y" :Mascheroni
. . Mrs M. E. Oallahorn.
Beading, "The love . hat leasts Forever".. Gibson
Key J. i eorge Gibson. :—;: — ; v
Solo (a) "Good >'i hi"., „. Frani
(b) "When Love Is Gone"... Hawlev
(c) "It Came With in • Mt-rry May". I ostl
Wlllam-U. Wood.
Recitation, "Anx Italiens"...... J. .Meredith
(urgan accompaniment b. C. M. I. barker.) i
KUzabeth Strong Worthiugton.
Solo, "Good-by". . xostl
Willis E. Bac eller. v
FIGHTERS OF THE NILE.
Trouble Ahead for the Expedition Up
the River.
There is trouble ahead for the expedi
tion np tbe Nile if the dervishes have be
come good riflemen, as a cable «iispatch
from London reports on tbe authority of a
correspondent of tne Army and Nary
Gazette. According to this correspondent
the dervishes can now deliver a deadly
ritle fire whicu will enable them to com
bine European tactics with lormidable
onsets of cavalry and spenrsmen in the old
style, say* the Boston Herald. He adds
that the British tactics oi forming squares
awaiting the shock of battle will not longer
answer against the Madhists and if per
sisted in will result in root and ruin.
In the stubborn light between the Brit
ish and the Mahdists during the expedi
tions of 1884 and 1885 the square was a
favorite formation with the British, who
met in this way the fiery charges of the
dervishes at Tamai and Abou Klea. Snch
tactics were sound enough under the mil
itary conditions then existing, as tbe
tribes had few rifles and little skill with
this weapon. Thus solid formations,
which would have crumbled to pieces un
der tire, offer, d the best means of meeting
the desperate rushes of the Soudanese
spearsnien. How formidable these
charges were was shown at tbe battle of
Tamai, where the Hadendowas crushed in
ihe face of a British square, captured sev
eral Gatling guns and forced the "Black
Watch," one of the toughest fighting regi
ments in the British service, to give
ground.
We said at the time that if the Arabs
ever attained skill as marksmen, so that
their rifle tire would match the excellence
of their spear work, the British would
have to give up the idea of lighting in
squares and face the charges of the tribes
men in open order. If, as the correspond
ent of the Army and Navy Gazette ai
serts, the dervishes are now able to com
bine firearms effectively with cola steel,
the Anplo-Egyvttian troops have a far
more formidable task before them in their
present invasion of the Soudan than Sir
Gerald Graham and Sir Herbert Stewart
had to deal with in the expedition oi 1884
and 1885.
PWBS.. CURE IT
Sore Throat CURE IT
Sore Monti. CURE IT
Enlarge! Lumps, CURE IT
Falling Hair. CURE IT
| Still ErnptiQDS. - CURE IT
I Qlanfinlar Imps, CURE IT
| Partial Loss of Eyebrow. CURE n
I MEANS BLODD DISEASE. I
30-DAY CURE IS SURE
30-DAY CIRCULARS FREE.
hudyan is tie certain
hudyan enre for
hudyan Failing Maßfioo^
hudyan Neirons Debility,
hudyan Bines, Losses,
hudyan Melancholia and
hudyan Diseases of Men.:
CIRCULARS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis
Streets.
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
JPH DESKS, CHAIRS
■^^^f^^^^^^^L And All Kinds of
i llgipif OFFICE FURNITURE
| "*" jEStf! ipß^ 638-640 Mission St.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
£8 A Pi.WKHKCL APH- ODtstAC •AND *
X specific tonic for the Mzoal and urinary orxaaa ■
of Loth' sexes, : nil »grea: remedy for diseases of !
me kidneys and bladder. A great Kesio.-mtiTe,
Invieorator and Nervine. I Sellt on its own Merits:
no long-winded testimonials ne-ce sary. - .
NABEK. ALF£ & BRISK, Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send (or Circular)
BRUSHES-" £K» *s
&■ Ife %Jf Vlllm %9 houses, billiard -tahi«T
brewers, bookbinders, -candy-makers, cannari
drew, ■ : flourmlils. foundries, laundries.
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stlhii
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. •<*«••
■* ■ i.iw BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufßcturer.. 60»SiM;r»meat«9t»FAST AND FURIOUS FOOTBALL GAMES PLAYED IN THE EAST
University of Chicago Wins
a Splendid Victory
Over Michigan.
Brilliancy of the First Collegiate
Game P ayed Under a
Roof.
Fu lback H rshberg c r's Drop Kick for
Goa Establishes a N w Mark
en Western Gri. irons.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 2&— The Univer
sity of Chicago won a splendid victory
over the strong eieven of the University of
Michigan to-day, the score being 7 to 6.
The game was flayed in the Coliseum,
and the 20.000 people who cheered the
: players congratulated themselves on being
■ present at the first collegiate game of foot
ball oiayed under roof. This is the first
time the Chicago eleven has defeated
Micuigan in three years, and a succes-ful
drop k.ck by Hershber^er and a dropped
punt and a safety were leaponsible for the
victory.
Michigan did not score until the second
hall, when the bail was worked down the
field and Henninner was pushed over the
line, Ferbert kicking an eauy goal.
Indoor looibail is an innovation, but it
promises 10 become a permanency fo.- latej
[games. While the other fields about Chft
cago were sloppy and the players were
floundering about in seas of mud, the ath
letes in the Coliseum played upon dry sur-
face and secure from the elements. A two-
inch layer of tanbark was placed over the
'hard earth, and there was no inconven
ience irom dust.
None of the punts touched the beams
overhead, and sp ctators and players were
captivated with the comfortable condi
tions under which the contest was waged.
"Darkness came on at 4:30 and the players
were scarcely distinguishable for a time,
* but electric lights soon rendered each play
distinct.
, The credit for Chicago's victory un
doubtedly belongs to Fullback Hersh
•berger, who played half on offensive work.
His drop kick for goal from about the
45-yard line establishes a mark in West
ern fo"tball. The sphere sailed squarely
between the goal-posts and the Michigan
footers were stupefied.
• Michigan, as expected, was stronger
than Chicago in the line, but Stage's men
heM well tor downs at critical poiuts.
Chicago was at least equal on the ends,
and her men uot down the field better on
punts. Coy was replaced by Gordon Clark
at halfback in the second half, Henry
Clark going into the game at quarterback.
Michigan moved Heroert from quarter to
half at the end of tiie first half, retiring
Pingree. Drumueller took FerOert's piace
at quarterback.
Hersnberger kicked off for Chicago at
1:35. Michigan defending the south goal.
Pingree was downed after carrying the
bail back ten yards. After several rapid
exchanges Hers;iberger tried a drop kick
from the twenty-yard line, but failed.
After two downs liogg puntei twenty
yards for Michigan. Hogg kicked out
and Cfeicsgo got the ltall on Michigan's
forty-five-yard line. Hersuberger imme
• diate.y punted to the opposing two-yard
line, Hogg attempting to punt out of
danger, but the bail was blocked by
Hamilt and bounded among the specta
tors, Hogg seeing it and giving Chicago a
safety. Score: Chicago 2, Michigan 0.
Ctiicato received the ball on the punt-
out at the forty-five-yard line and followed
it up with gains of two and seven yards
through Michigan's right tackle. Hersch
berger then dropped back three yards for
a kick, sending the oval prettily between
the goal posts for five points. Score:
•Chicago 7, Michigan 0. Th% game had
been in progress but fifteen minutes.
Hogg kicked off to Hershberger, who re-
turned the pigskin, Michigan securing it
on its 25-yard line. Soon after Michigan
■ began to hammer the line. Two short
gains were made against Chicago's left
side; then Pingree went through left
tackle and guard for ten yards, and Coley
-made seven more on a double pass. The
■ ball was tnen on Chicago's 22-yard line.
A tandem play yielded three mure and a
Beries of line plays took it to Chicago's
vine-yard line. A touchdown seemed im
minent, but Hershberger punted out of
danger. Michigan was unable to score
and t. c half ended 7 to 0 in favor of Chi
cago, the ball near the center of the field.
Hogg kicked off to Hershberger in the
. second half at 2:23. He carried the bail
' back ten yards and punted as he was about
to be tackled, completing a wonder. ul
play. Alter about fifteen minutes' play
Michigan was given the ball for holding at
Chicago's 37 yard line. It was getting
dark and a discussion arose as to continu
ing. Play was resumed after ten minutes,
and the lights were turned on after Michi
gan had scored a touchdown. Chicago
gained ten yards through the line on a re
volving wedge, and a series of short gains
carried the pigskin to the opposing two
yard line.
Chicago held for two downs, but on the
third Wenninger was pushed over the line
right by the goal posts. Ferbert kicked
an easy goal. Score: Chicago 7, Michigan
*6. There were twelve minutes yet to play
and Michigan bent every energy. A
short time after the kickoff the v.sitors
_got the ball and again began hammering
the left side of Chicago's line Tor gains
of three to seven yards. The ball wat
thus worked to Chicago's 30-yard line and
a revolving wedge given ten more. Chi
cago secured the ball on a fumble at its
20-yard line and the Michigans' chances
of victory were dashed. The second half
. ended with the bill in Ch caeo's hands on
M chiean's 35-yard line. Final score:
Chicago 7, Michigan 6. Herahberj?e'r's
goal from the field was pronounced by
Trainer Robinson of Michigan as the
greatest in the history of football. The
lineup:
Chicago. - Portion. Michigan.
Firth....'.' .....Lrttrnd.: ...:Faruh m
Mortimer.. .....Left ti.ck1e. ............. Villa
Webb..:.... .."...-. ...Left guard..... ... 7. .■.;.; Can-
Kavanaugb... Center ......... VV'amb c^er
looker. KirJi. cuard : ..V.B nnett
1.0 d.v /...Right tackle Ueuni.i.er
Hamlil Hlght end.... Oreenleaf
G. t lark. .........Quar i-rbacfc . Kerbert
■Hersbberger.Y... L'U ba fback .Pingree
Coy ........... . i.lgiit halfback. ....... cio c
Gardner :.........:.. Fullback .;...:... .....Hogg
Hi batiiutp s— H. Cltrke, quarterback; Michigan,
Drum ei.er.
I'-.r-re.'-t art Wiliiams.
Umpire — 1\ ii. (iomd
ALL RINTIG MR FOOT BALL.
Game* in Which the Kicker* -Fought
Bra rely for Victory.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Nov. 26.— The
Kansas University eleven de.eated the
Mis ou i University team this afternoon
by a score of 30 to 0. The day wus warm
and ail morning it rained. The gridiron
•was plastic with mud. The piayers were
half buried most of the time. Between
20,000 and 25.000 people saw the game.
Missouri was overmatched from start to
finish and the Kansans won almost as
they pleased. During the game Sinett,
Tucker, Cooley and Brannan ol the Mis
sonrians h«d to be carried from the field.
Dowdell, Perry, Corripa.i and McAllister
took their places Kansas made two
touchdowns and Hesser kicked two goals
in the first hnlf ana three in the Second.
The Indian (B:iin) did the lion's share of
the work for the Jayhawkers and Saaw
and Sinett f.jr th»» Missourians.
EVAN^TON, Ind , Nov. 26.— Wisconsin
and Northwestern Universi iea played a
tie game of football at Evanston to-day,
the score beinir 6to 6. The game was sup
po-ed to go a jjood ways in settling tne
Western championship, as the winner was
to play the winner of tho Michigan-
Chicago game. Ai though the score was a
tie, the Evanston learn clearly outplayed
the badgers Irom the s-tart. W. 8. Hotch
ki*s, a 13-year-oid 1 oy, was trampled nnder
foot during the iast half and had an arm
broken. The game v.as piayed in a hard
rain.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 26.— The Univer
sity of Bouideranl the Denver Athletic
Club football teams contested for su
premacy this afternoon on a gridiron cov
ered with sleet and snow and played
the game throughout in the teeth of a
driving sn. w and bitter northwest wind.
Score: First half— Denver 5, Boulder 0;
second half— Denver 0. Boulder 8.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov. 26.— The naval
cadets were defeated 10-day by Lafayette
by a score of 18 to 6. The middies scored
in the first half and their iriends thought
they would defeat the Easton boys, bu
better all-round work ip the second half
turned the tide of victory. The lineup
was as follows:
Naval Cadets. Position. Lafayette.
Bheat Eight end ..Spears
Laud is Klcht »i k'.p. .Wlprtfiinia.v; r
Fls'-ber. Kight guard P.lchardt
Tardy Center.. ...Jon?«
Hailtgan Left euard Rowland
Grab-tin l-cft tickle ..dales
McCarthy Left end... Herr
Asserscen Quarterback........ Best
Powell High ha fonc!c....Utibertln
Klchardson Left halfback.. .. Barclay
Henderson Fullback. Bray
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 26 — Ei-hteen
tbor.sand persons saw the cloven of Brown
University defeat the plucky Indians of
the Carlisle school at Manhattan Field
this afternoon, the final score being:
Brown 24, Carlisle Indian School 12.
Brown's victory, which was rather a
surprise, was mainly due to the magnifi
cent playing of Gammons and Futtz. It
was in Ibe second half that the two half
backs made sensational run 3 and won the
gamp. Gammons was the fi:st to score in
the last half with a grand run of eighty
yards, in which he walked clean away
from Cayou, the epeedy Indian halfback.
Futiz ran sixty yards for the next score
and the final touchdown was the result of
a beautiful concerted run in which Colby
interfered for Gammons, enabling the lat
ter to pass Metoxen and score after a
■^ixty-five yard sprint. It was the first
time during the season that the Indians
had such fast scoring backs opposed to
them and the redskins were completely
outclassed when it came to running.
As was expected, the Carlisle boys were
able to go through Brown's line for big
gains, and if it had not been for a couple
of fumbles at critical moments and a very
poor decision on the part of the time
keeper at the end of the first half the score
might have been a tie.
A feature of the Indians' play was the
cool, strong and well-timed kicKing oi
Captain Bemis Pierce. He outpunted
Hall and made good gains at every at
tempt. The redskins fought heroically
to the end and the crowd, which was en
thusiastically in favor of the "natives,"
cheered them heartily. The line-up was
as follows:
Brown. Position.*" Carlisle:
Murphy Left end Ko<lgen>
Caa*y -....]>fi tackle H. Pierce
Wheeler ...I>fl guard .\Vh-«?lock
i'yr Center ....... ..Lone Wolf
Combs ....Rii<tu guard.. B. Pierce (cap.)
Loose Kighi tacKle..........Prlntup
summerglU R , fa end , «Uler
t-liase / ** (..smith
">'»* (cap.)..... Quarterback. {^ueiafo
Gammons ....Left halfback {cVyou*"
Futz..... L*fi halfback Jemisou
Hall .............Fol.bac* {&££"*
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Nov. 26.—Univer
sity of Cincinnati 12, Center College of
Kentucky 12.
LAFAYETTE, Ind., Nov. 26.—Univer
sity of Kentucky. 0, University of Tennes
see 30.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 26.— University of
Georgia 12, Auburn 6.
FORT MONROE, Va... Nov. 26.—Hamp
ton 18, Baltim re City College 0.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 26.—
laudet 10, Columbian 8.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 26.— Lehigh 26,
Maryland Athletic Club 0.
MiDDLKTON, Cons., Nov. 26.—
Jersey Athletic Club 12. Wesleyan 0.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov 26.—Colum
bia Athletic Club 26, Army Officers Fort
Monroe 6.
GREEN CASTLE, Ind., Nov. 26.—Do
pau 12. Miami 6.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 28.— Virginia 46,
North Carolina 0.
ON THE HANT BE OESTEM.
/'resident JUpley Speahs of the Improve
ment* Unity Hade. :•
TOPE A, Kaks., Nov. 26.— President
E. P. Ripley oi the Atcbison. Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad Company, who has
been in TopeKa several days attending the
hearing of the receivership in the Federal
court, said in an interview to-night that
between this time and next July the com
pany would spend $1,500,000 for improve
ments. . .
"The road," he said, "has been greatly
improved durin ■ the past three or four
years, l.ut more especially during the past
year. In the past year nearly $1,000,000
has been expended for improvements. We
are practically putting the money into the
roa«i alone, rep;acmg wooden bridges by
suostantlal iron structures and layi'ignew
steel. About $4C0,000 worth of nut steel
has been contracted .or. whicn will be
laid in the spring. The majority of th.s
rail will be laid on the Chuago divis-ion,
but some will be laid in Kansas and Colo
rado."
Sale of a J'acr.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 26.-The pacer
Guinette, with a record of 2:08, was sold
for $7000, and was purchased by W. T.
Abbott of this ciiy yesterday. Guinette
U a bay gelding, foaled in 1889, by Gam
betta Wakes, dam Stella, by Mambrino
Startle, second dam Kate Lee, by Hero ot
Tborn .aie. He was breu by G. and C P
Cecil of Danville, Ky. He was raced th -
season in New Eingland exclusively, and
out of ten s arts won nine, and was on:y
rie<eated in the free-for-all race at Read
ville, when Robert J won the race.
Big Invoice of Har Material.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., Nov. 26. — The
Bethlehem Iron Company last night
shipped a bit? invoice ot war material to
Portsmouth, Vx., and to the Watervliet
Aisenal at West Troy, N. Y. The con
signment included armor plates and nun
material.
TO CURE A COL EX ONE DAY
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. 'All drug
gists refund the money II it toils to care. 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
Pennsylvania Defeats Cor
nell by an Unusually
Big Score.
But the Pncky Boys From
Ithaca Did Not Go Down
Tamely.
F.erce and at Time; M^ icious Tact c
Characterize th Game on the
Quakers' Grounds.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 26.—Penn
sylvania thin afternoon defeated Cornell
by a big score, but the plucky boys from
Ithaca succeeded in twice crossing the
Quakers' goal-line. Pennsylvania scored
six touchdowns for a total ot 30 and com
pelled Cornell to make a safety touch
down, making the total score Pennsyl
vania 32. Cornell 10.
Cornell lurnisned a surprise by the first
bard, plucky came she played. Cornell's
first touchdown was due to Beacham's
magnificent running. In two runs the
Cornell captain carried tiie ball around
Pennsylvania's end for a total of nearly
nf y yards and landed il benind the
Quaker goal-line. Thi 1 * was in the first
half, and in the second half Cornell got
tbe ball on Pennsylvania's twenty-yard
line and carried it directly up to and over
the goal-line of the red and blue, where
Ritchie scored the touchdown on a plunge
through fcbe center. Bea< ham's general,
all around play and running with the ball
was as tine an exhibition of halfback work
as has been seen here this year, and to his
great playing is mostly due the credit of
Co r neU's scoring.
While Cornell played fast, it was un
luckily overmatched, overweig ted by its
heavier and stronger adversaries, and
could offer only a stubborn but unavail
ing resistance to Pennsylvania's advances.
Pennsylvania's style ol play bears heavily
upon the opposing team, and the Cornell
players suffered severely. Cornell fre
quently had m«n hurt, and before the
game was over had reduced three players
by substitutes.
While Pennsylvania had a number of
men hurt, none were compelled to leave
the field.
While Pennsylvania won rather easily
to-day as was expected, the Quakers
lacked the fierce dash and energy which it
showed in the second half of the Harvard
game. The guards' back interference was
worker! effectively against Cornell's line,
and Gilbert frequently went around the
Cornell ends for good gains.
After a ciose, foggy morning the weather
cleared and by noon the sun was shining
brightly. The air was soft and the heat of
the sun made heavy wraps for the spec
tators too weighty and the players sut
fered considerably from the warnitn. A
crowd of 13,000 Deople was present when
the two teams, came upon the field. The
fo"lowers of Pennsylvania lost no time in
testing the capacity of their lungs, but a
small and valliant band of Itiiacans en
the stand replied to the Quakers' cheers,
and throughout the afternoon this little
contingent of Cornellians made their pres
ence Known by their constant cries. A
light breeze, that was of but little ad
vantage to either side, biew across the
field.
Captain Beacham won the toss and took
the ball. Fennell kicked off for Cornell
to Pennsylvania's twenty-yard line. Dur
ing the first ten minutes of piay both
teams played a kicking game and neither
side had much advantage. Captain
Wharton, for the first time in his life, did
the kicking at fullback for Pennsylvania.
He also outpunted Ritchie a few yards on
each kick. The Cornell man did very
pretty work in catching punts and got his
kicks off cleanly and quickly from close
up benind the line.
Pennsylvania gradually worked the ball
up to Cornell's five-yard line, where U. r
fenheimer broke through and blocked a
kick of Ritchie's. Ritchie fell upon the
ball behind his goat line for a safety
touchdown. Pennsylvania got the ball on
the kickoff and bucked Cornell's line Tor
forty-five yards to the ten-yard line. On
a fake pass Giloert went around the right
end for a touchdown. The kickout was a
failure and no goal resulted. In the first
scrimmage after his kick Reed was badly
hurt in tackling a man and was carried
from ttic field, Taylor taking his place.
After several interchanges of kicks Cor
nell got the ball in the center of the held.
Aided by fine interlerence Beacham went
around Pennsylvania's leu end, and
avoiding all the Pennsylvania tacklers,
scored a touchdown after a twenty-yard
run. The ball was directly in front of the
goal post, but Ritchie failed for the try
at goal, the ball striking the crossbar and
bounding back.
Pennsylvania woke up after this, and
gaining possession of the ball shortly after
the kickoff, rushed it from the center of
the field by nard line burking to Cornell's
two-yard line. Minds then went through
the center for a touchdown and Woodruff
kicked the goal. After the kickoff Penn
syvania without losing the ball smashed
through Cornell's line for sixty yarJs and
Uffenheimer went through a center for
another touchdown. Woodruff again
kicked goal. The ball had been in play
but a few moments when time for the first
half was called, the score standing: Penn
sylvania 18, Cornell 4.
After ten minutes' intermission play
was resumed. Pennsylvania tried to work
a i rick on Cornell on the kickoff. Instead
of kicking the ball hard Woodruff booted
it aiong the ground, and following closely
tried to fall upon it alter it had rolled
twenty yards, but a Cornell man was
ahead of him. After one down Ritchie
punted to the center of the field. Morlce
could make no gam, and on the >econd
down the ball was pa>sed to him again.
Morice made a eorgeous fumble and
Bea<ham snatched up the ball and rushed
to Pennsylvania's goal with a clear field.
Beacham had covered twenty yards with
Minds close at his heels before the Quaker
fullback caught him and threw him vi
ciously on Pennsylvania's thirty-yard line.
Cornell could not advance and Ritchie
punted to Minds on Pennsylvania's one
yard line. Taussig was on top of Minis
almost a? soon as be caught the ball and
nurled h:!,)«elf across the goal line.
The Quaker fullback, however, before
falling had caiitd "down" and so saved a
safety. Pennsylvania took the ball and
bucked through Cornell's line lor thirty
yards from their own one-yard line. Cornell
got the ball on a punt and Eeacbam made
another run for thirty yards around Penn
sylvania's left end to Pennsylvania* forty
five-yard line. Cornell could not advance
and punted to Pennsylvania's twenty-yard
line. I'eiuisylvania fumbied on tl:e first
down and Cornell got the ball on Penn
sylvania's twenty-five-yard line.
Ruchia and McKeever bucked the left
side of the line for fifteen yards. Be^cham
bucked t c left siie also for nine yards
and was only downed when one yard from
Pennsylvania's goal. On tbe next down
Riscbie was pushed over for a touchdown.
Ritchie easily kicked the goal, making
Cornell's score 10.
An exchange of kicks followed the kick
off and then Pennsylvania got the ball in
tiie middle ot the field and by a series of
hard, fierce rushes carried it up to Cor
nell's goal, where Woodruff went over for
a touchdown. Woodruff failed at ha try
at goal. The next touchdown made by
Pennsylvania was from a fumbled punt
by Ri'chie on Cornell's two-yard line,
Boyle faliing upon the ball for a touch
down. W T oodruff kicked the goal. As
soon as Pennsylvania regained possession
of the ball from the kickoff it again carried
it up the field by hard line buckine ami
Uffenheimer made a touchdown and
the lasi one scored. Woodruff iailed again
at his try for goal. But a few minutes
more of play after this remained and when
time was called P. nnsylvania had pos
session of the ball on Cornell's thirty-yard
line.
W r 'th to-day's game the football season
of 18c>6 for Pennsylvania and Cornel
closed. To-night the two teams attended
the theater and the students of Pennsyl
vania are celebrating upon the streets in
true collegiate style. The line-up for to
day's game follows:
"Cornell. Position. Pennsylvania.
l™ y \ 1>»end......... Boyle
Fitch/.:}- Left tackle. ....Uffenheimer
K uy!or..} left guard Woodruff
Kenmif Center.. ....-..^..f Overn>!d
Clar-. Rlibt guard.Wharton(. apt.)
Sw«etland RichtiacKle. ...... Karrar
TanH.sit; Kiehiend Dic~son
Basstort Quarterback Weeks
ilcK ever Left ha1fback...... ...G1 bert
Heacham (capt.) Ri<bt halfback.. Morlce
RI chte FulbacK - Minds
Touchdowns— Gilbert, Minds, rUt-nheimer (2),
Woodruff. IJovlp. Beucham and Ritchie.
S»fe:y touendowm— l:it«>hi«'.
Goals from tou iidown^— Woodruff (3), Ritchie.
Failed at poals- Woodruff (;.), Ritchie.
injured— Reid. White and Tracy.
Referee— Mills of Yale.
. Umpire— Dashi'-l of Yale.
Linesman- Condon of Dartmouth.
Time— Two 3i-iuinuie halves. ■ •
TRAFFIC IN THE SOUTHWEST.
Hates Agreed Upon by the Traffic Amo
elation.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 26.— A joint tariff
sheet has just been issued by the South
western Traffic Association. It covers
rates to tbe City of Mexico and Mexican
common points. The tariff bears a date
of November 21 and will go into effect
December 1. The readjustment was
brought about by a claim put in by the
Louisville and Njshville road for a differ
ential that would give that road a share
of the business. The rate Irom New York
is 75 cents anil all rail from St. Louis to
the City of Mexico is 83 cents. By the
new rating the Louisvilie and Nashville
can ship from St. Louis to ti-e City of
Mexico via Pensacola, Fla., at 74 cents — a
reduction of 8 cents in favor of thi9 city
and a gain of 1 cent a. ainst New York.
By the same differential tne St. Louis
rute to Mexico is lower by 6 cents than
from Chicago, Cincinnati, Louisville and
Piusburg.
TO PENNSYLVANIA SHOOPS.
Purvey of the Site* •>/ Monuments in the
Aationnl MHUnry lark.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., Nov. 26.—Gov
ernor Hastings and staff, accompanied by
the Pennsylvania National Park Commis
sioners, arrived last night. Tuey form the
official overseers of the erection of monu
ments to Peuns>ivania troop* in the
Chickamaufta-Chaltanooga National Mili
tary Park, and the present visit is solely
for tbe purpose of inspection and to expe
dite the working progress.
The bat tli ii -id-s comprised in the several
reservations forming the park will be gone
over at leisure in a two>days' survey, and
the State's fifteen monuments, on which
already $30,000 has been expended, passed
upon. Pennsylvania wi.l dedicate next
Mr.y in a manner befitting, the State rank
ing second in the number of troops en
gaged in the battle around Chattanooga.
DEATH ON ARHUCKLE.
L .So far the Chemical Analygi* Dot* Sot
A 7»otr I'oiaoningt
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 26.— A special
from New York Bays: Coroner Tuthill
said yesterday that the chemical analysis
being made by Professor Witthaus for the
purpose of ascertaining if the viscera of
Frank P. Arbuck c, who was found dead
at the corner of West One Hundred and
Fitty-third feteeet and Eighth avenue, con
tained poison was not yet completed. He
said that enough progress had been made
by Proiessor Witthaus, however, to prove
that "knockout" drops had not been given
him. It may be discovered that morphine
or some i-u«h drug was administered to
Arbutkle, he said, but no indications to
that effeci had yet been discovered. The
professor will not finish the analysis for
about two week*.
Ba* i-ost Ul* Memory.
BEDALIA, Mo., Nov. 26.— Three weeks
ago a man, 45 years of age, 6 feet tall, 200
pounds weight, sandy hair, mustache,
well dressed, applied to the police for
shelter. His name, residence and past
life were n perfect blank to him. The
man was aics, and was sent to the City
Hospital. He says he is William Fleming,
secretary of the Governor of California.
He cannot tell his father's name, but says
he was once superintendent of the Dcs
Moines (Iowa) public schooin and was a
high degree Mason. His condit on grows
worse daily and the authorities are anx
ious to solve the mystery which envelops
their strange charge.
JExten*ion of a Hailroad.
MONCLOVO. Mkx., Nov. 26.— After a
suspension of one year a large force of
men have been put to work constructing
the branch of the Mexican International
Railroad from Reata tation, on that line,
just south ol here, to Monterey. The road
will be completed and in operation in
about three months, and will give the
Southern Pacific and the Mexican Inter
national roads a direct line inio Monterey.
Ihe growth oi Monterey's Muei.ing, min
ing and manufacturing interests make ihe
building of this branch a necessity.
The Kail Trim* Vollapte.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 26.— 1t is
asserted ou authority that seems to be
official that there is an understanding
among the members of the nail trust that
the combination will be dissolved at the
conference which has been called to meet
iti New York on Tuesday. Efforts will be
made, however, it is said, to arrange an
agreement to fix a base price to govern
ihe trade, which will be sufficiently low
to be acceptable to the hardware men and
yet high enough to assure reasonable
profits to the manufacturers.
Den*e fog at .Sew YorK.
NEW YORK, N. V., N ov . 26— The
deni-e fog which bet in last night prevails
in the bay and off shore this morning.
No vessels are reported moving by Sandy
Hook or Quarantine since sighting the
North German Lloyd steamer Havel,
probably anchored off Sandy Hook.
Vote* Pleated to Hunter.
LOUISVILLE. Xy., Nov. 26.—Congress
man W. Godfrey Hunter, wuo is a candi
date for the Republican nomination for
United States Senatoe, has twenty-four
v*>tes pledged on the first caucus ballet,
and eight pledged as second choice. It
takes thirty-six to nominate.
Twenty - Two Exhausted
and Bruised Piayers
at the Close.
Boston Kickers Too Weak and
Slow ior the Athletes of
Ch cago.
By a Score cf 12 to 6 the Lake City
Team Defeats the Men From
the Hub.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 26 — Tweuty-two
exhausted and bruised football players,
decorated with mud from head to foot,
walked off tbe Chicago Athletic Associa
tion field at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The
Cnxcago team carried with it also the
honor of having won the fourth annual
contest on the gridiron against the Boston
Athletic eleven. The home team doubled
tha score made by the overmatched vis-
itors, the figures at the close of tbe game
being 12 to 6. Boston's players were too
weak and slow for the opposite aggrega
tion of inn-ile and running power. A
heavy rain fell most t>f the time, driven
by a bridle wind, which was in Chicago's
favor in the first half, when eight of their
twelve points were made. Three men
were disabled — Graham and Butler of
Boston and Choynard of Chicago. Graham
having the ligaments of his right leg
broken, but there was no dirty work done
except by the mud-laden field. The play
ers were:
Boston A. A. Position. Chicago A. A.
Hortoa Left end ..Thompson (capt.)
Bates Lett tackle.... Beach
Wilson.. ...... ......Left guard... ....... ....Myers
Kuss II (capt.).......i'enter... .....Paulman
X v it l z ' Bight guard Powers
Lemoyne . Kigbt tackle Rt-mingto.i
£oTa e m }:.....,:.;BI B li. end ............Baeder
Blunt" 1 }• Quarterback McDanlel
Builard... -Right halfback ..{ C^2«
Fennessy Left halfback Hater
Luriis Fu :1b «ck.. ............. Deaper
Umpire— Joe Upton of Harvard. Referee— Vic
tor Harding of Chicago. 1 oucbdowns— Draper for
Chicago 3, Bullard for Bos on 1.- Kicked goalH —
Curtis foe Boston, bcore— l2 to 6.
O N THE KANTERD TRACKS.
Winner* of Event* at Lexington, Xaah-
rfltr. A#>tc I>r It- an* ami Benxingit.
LEXINGTON, KY., Nov. 26.— Six furlongs,
Nnnce won, Hoffman second, Summercoon
third. Time, l:l«vv
Five furlongs, Waldorf won, Our Hope sec
ond, Let Fly third. Time. 1:03.
Five furlongs. Carrie F won, Lady Juliet
second, Turtle Dove third. Time, 1:03^.
One and a quarter miles, hurrilos, Partisan
won, Folly second. Time, 2:35%. Only two
stHiters.
Six furlonge, imp. Skate won, TJno second,
Rasper third. Time, 1:10*^.
NASHVILLE, Tens., Nov. 26.— Five and a
half furlongs, PntUore won. Lady Doleful sec
oiia, Clinton third. Time, 1:09.
Six furlong", Billy Fischer won. Daisy Maree
secnd. EUa T third. Time, X:\b%.
Fiv»! furlongs. Gus Straus won, Fischer sec
ond, Coranella third, 'lime, l:o3s£.
Fivo furlongs, F M B won, Thorn bush second,
Nover third. Tune, 1:023^
Five and a half furiongs, Eton Jacket won,
Mamie Callm second, Sim W third. Time,
I:<>7-V
OtfC and a quarter miles, hurdle, Grenada
won, E»rl of Moatrose second, Colonist third.
Tim°. 2:23.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Nov. 20.— Six furlongs,
Ozark Jr. won, M<>ntell second, Oid Dominion
ihird. Time. 1:17?^.
Five furioiws, Hazard II won, Ivory second,
Mnuritous third. Time, 1:06%.
One and a sixteenth mile.% Mirquise won,
Devauit seconii, Sandoval third. T me, I :s6}i.
Six :urlong», Laurecte won, O'Cnnnell &ec
oml, Clara liauer third. Time, 1:18J^.
Seven furlongs, Mr. Bun lap won, Cherry
Stone s»cond, Hu:bert thi d. Time, 1:35.
BEXNINGS, D. C. Nov. 26 —One and three
quarter miies, hurdle, Flushing won. Red
C.oud second. Time,3:2s. Only .wo flnisni'd.
Onn milo, Prisoner won, L B second, Azure
third. Time, 1:46 4:5.
Oae mile. Premier won, Septour second,
Marshall third. T.nie, 1 :44 1-5.
Five fur. ongs, Zaoone won, Wndsworth sec
ond, Harrington third. Time, 1:03.
One and a quirter miles, Maurice won, Vol
ley second, Kinjcstone third. Time, 2:11 2-5.
Steeplechase, Trillion won, De Uarnette sec
ond, Nadje third. Time, (i:3l 3-5.
LOS ANGELES FIELD DAY.
Winners of the Athletic Club** Thanks-
giving JE rents.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., Nov. 26.-The Los
Angeles Athletic Club neid its annual
Thanksgiving field day this afternoon. A
fair-sized crowd attended the sports. The
one-mile bicycle race, open, was the best
event of the day. two final heats being
necessary to decide the race, as ihe first
was a dead heat between three riders. The
summaries were:
One mile bicycle, novice, R. D. Rogers,
Pomona, won ; W. F. Clark, Pomona, sec
sond; Chailes Webster third. Time,
2:33 1-5.
One mile open, bicycle, H. B. Cromwell
won, W. R uss second, E. E. Sallady third.
Time, 2:38 3-5.
Three-mile bicycle handicap, W. Broth
erton (125 yard*-) won, W. F. Clark, Po
morua (75 yards), second, D. B. Cromwell
(75 yards) third. Time, 8:51.
Runt. ing, 100 yards, novice, H. L. Avery
won, Fred Bright second, H. L. Leland
third. Time, 10 3-5.
Running, 100 yards, handicap, H. L.
Avery yon, W. 0. Slwckler second, H. L.
Leland tLird. Time, 10 35.
Running high jump, E. R. Wright won,
F. Lw Mornll second, Harvey A. Upfell
third. Best record. 4 feet 10^ inches.
Four hundred nnd forty-yard run, O. C.
Mueler won, J. F. Sp ncer stcond, F. L.
Morrill third. Time, 55 3-5.
FOOTBALL AT SANT A CRUZ.
I
High School Bent* San J«*e.'* University
in an hxrltimj Game..
SANTA CRTTZ, Cal., Nov. 26.— The
Santa Cruz High School team beat the
University of the Pacfic team of San Jose
at Vue de I'Eau Park this afternoon in an
exciting game of football— l 2to 6. At tho
end of the fir.-t half the score was 12 to 0,
in favor of Santa Cruz, and the University
of the Pacific team made its six points in
the last half. The tackling of Faneut and
Stuart for Santa Cruz and hears' runs
were the features of the game. Sears
made two runs of thirty and thirty-rive
yards, scoring four points each. The
other four points were made on touch
downs. In the second haif the superior
weight of the U. P. team told against
Santa Cruz, and the U. P. was greatly as
sisted by the good judgment of their left
guard, Snyder. U. P. bucked between
the guards and tackled for gains of one to
ten yards, making a touchdown from
Santa Ciuz at the thirty-yard line, trying
for goal ana succeoding at 4:40 o'clock.
Between 2000 and 3000 people were pres
ent when ih" gnme opene I at 3 o'clock.
The weather was fine, rather cold and oc
casionally cloui y, but without rain.
The. Om'ihn Shooter Win*.
OMAHA, Nebb., Nov. 26.— Frank Par
melee ot this ci y won the 100 live-bird
contest this mornine from J. A. R. Eliott
of Kansas City, killing 92 out a possible
100 to Elliott's 9L Ih Omaha man was
in much the bpst form. El.iott was not
very familiar with the ground and inva
rab y v c i both gun barrels. There was
a large attendance.
Ttrg't- *h"oimff a Hiverside.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Nov. 26.— A trian
gular shoot between teams of ten men
each of National Guard companies here
to-day resulied in the following scores:
River-icte 392, Redlands 374, San Bernar
dino 372.
WaUonrillr, Bvatu SaUna*.
SALINAS, Cal., Nov. 26.— The football
game to-day between the WatßOnville
Hiph School and Salinas Hipta School
was won by Watsonville after a very
closely contested game. Score 4to 0.
Harry and Gaudaur.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 26.— The oarsman
Barry to-day signed articles for a match
with Jake Gaudaur for the sculling cham
pionship of the world and £250 a side, to
tate piace on the Thames in April next.
The agreement will now go to Canada for
Gaudaur's signature.
CROKER WILL NOT LEAD.
Prefer* Racing Boriei to Intricacies of
I<i turn it ii v Politic*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 26.— Richard
Croker said emphatically yesterday that
he did not intend to resume the personal
direction of t: c affairs of Tammany Hall.
Soon after tbe holidays he plans to return
to England to look after bis racing stable
there. The date of his coming back is un
certain, but it Is believed he will be here
some time in September of next year.
To a representative of the United Asso
ciated Presses, who called his attention to
a report that owine to business matters
John C. Sheehan, who has been the
executive head of Tammany Hall, was go
ing to retire, he said : "I hope this *s not
so; it would be unfortunate for the organi
zation. Mr. Sheehan has made a great
record for this year for Tammany. The
o r ganization wan practically without any
sufficient fund for its campaign expenses.
Yet Tammany Ha I polled lor the Demo
cratic National ticket over 135,000 votes.
To my mind it was a wonderful showing."
Mr. Croker said that since nis arrival in
this city be has lound no one who does
not believe that it will be in tbe inter
est of the city to elect a Democratic ticket
next year.
"I cannot see, 1 ' he said, "that the peo
ple oi the city have gained by electing the
so-called reform administration."
CREATES QUITE A STIR.
Secretary Francix 1 hroirm <i Homb Among
Gold-Standard Democrat*.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 26.— A special
from Kansas City, Mo., says: Something
of a stir was created among the gold
standard Democrats here last night by the
reading of a spirited letter irom D. R.
Francis, Secretary of the Interior, at a
banquet held in celebration of tha recent
defeat of tree silver.
Alter referring to the result of the re
cent election and declaring that, in his
opinion, it settled the financial question
at least until the existing standard shall
have been given a fair and thorough trial,
Secretary Francis said:
"While I agree with the advocates of
sound money'in the fight r cently made,
there are many principles advocated by
some of those who have been advocates of
tiiat cause to which I cannot subscribe. If
some legislation is not enacted to check
tue growing influence of wealth and cir
cumscribe the powers of the trusts and
monopolies there will be an uprising of
the people before the century closes which
will endanger our institutions."
VIRGINIA'S CLOSE VOTE.
Recount of the Canvnsner* Aid* the
l><-nii,cratic Candtdatea.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 26.— The State
Board oi Election Canvassers met again
last night and made a recount, which will
probably give to Charles M. Wallace Jr.
(D ) the certificate of elector for this dis
trict. The county, it was thought, would
exclude Mr. Watlace and give HcKinley
one elector.
H. D. Flood (D.), to whom the board de
cided to award tbe certificate of Congress
man from tho Tenth District, over Jacob
Yost, has written to the board declining
to accept the certificae. He says:
"While I believe I received a majority
of the legal votes cast in the Tenth Dis
trict on November 3, still upon the face of
the returns Mr. Yost, under his various
designations, has a majority of 147, and I
cannot accept an advantage from the re
versal of this majority, not on the ground.
of frauds, which 1 believe were committed
against me, but upon purely technical
grounds."
NILVER LEADERS CONFER.
Tact lon* in Congress Are Preparing
Their Programme*,
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov 26. -A Wash
ington special to the Tribune says: A
conference occurred yesterday at tha Cap
itol between a few of the silver leaders in
Congress. All of the three parties or fac
tions— Democrats, Populists and silver
Republicans — were present, although the
attendance was small. It was merely a
preliminary caucus, it is said, and is soon
to be followed by a number of other con
ferences. Some times the parties will meet
separately, at other times together. The
general plan, it is said on good authority,
will be to hoid separate caucuses. When
it is desired to consult as to the general
plan of campaign conferences will be
designated by each of the three compo
nents of the silver party, and they will act
in unison on all matters where concurrent
action is desired.
HHm NEW TO-DAY.
HOLIDAY CLOTHING
AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
New Goods, Latest Patterns, Novel Designs.
We manufacture all our Clothing in our
own factory, 6 and 8 Great Jones Street, New
York, and have been acknowledged for
twenty years as the
LARGEST MANUFACTURERS OF FINE CLOTHING
ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
"We Now Sell to Yon Direct,"
Thereby saving you the retailer's profit of
from $5 to $10 on any Suit or Overcoat
purchased from us.
*•€ IJft 1 ; I . MrWHOLESAUE I
1 * J *l\ A 1 flM|^y HANUf ACTUREgS. ]
Mcajf faf^r flea's, Boy*" iClMres-B ,
EjLjgr FINE clothing ;
ifflr RETAILED !
fflr At Wholesale Prices \
WJF 26-27 SAN SO ME STREET '
BLIZURIB RAGE
IN THE DAKOTAS
In Many Northern Sections
Business Is Entirely
Suspended.
Snowstorms Block All Steam
and Wagon Roads in the
Far North.
Throughout Co'orado the Cod Is In
tense and Telegraph Wires Are
Rendered Useless.
ST. PAUL., Minn., Nov. 26.— Reports
received to-night from the Dakotas indi
cate a bl zzard of tremendous intensity
raging throughout these States and it is
rat idly advancing eastward.
At Jamestown, N. D., business is wholly
suspended and only one train, a double
header, with four cars, has left in tbe past
twenty-four hours. At 9 o'clock to-night
the storm was increasing in severity and
the temperature had dropped to 5 degrees
below zero.
At Bismarck, N. D., steam and wagon
roads are blocked and no business can be
done umil the storm abate?.
At Aberdeen and Chamberlain, S. D.,
the storm is raging to-night with unabated
fury. A strong northwest wind is blow
ing, causing the snow to drift very "badly.
Uneasiness prevails as to the effect on tbe
stock west of the Missouri River which is
not in places of shelter. The ther
mometer registers a few degrees above
zero.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 26.— The great
snowstorm which for several days past
has been traveling eastward from the Pa
cific Northwest struck Denver last evening
in fhe shape of heavy sleet. About mid
night, however, snow began falling and
continued up to dark when the sky cleared.
The snow was light, and covered the
g round only to a depth of two inches, and
causing no great inconvenience to ra ll
roads o r teiegraph lines in Colorado. To
the east in Nebraska and Kansas, how
ever, the full force of t:e storm was feit.
Trains are delayed and telegraphic com
munication with Omaha. Kansas City and
the East is almost completely suspended,
| mile* of wires and poles between Denver
and Omaha and Denver and Katisas City
being completely prostrated by the enor
mous weight of the sleet suspended from
the wires. The thermometer registers 10
degrees above zero in Denver, being the
coldest of thp winter.
OMAHA, Nebr., Nov. 26.— The rain and
sleet of yesterday playeu havoc with the
telegraph wires and this morning but few
wires were working in the western and
northern parts of Nebraska. The rail
roads were experiencing a gread deal of
inconvenience as up to noon few of the
vast number of the daily reports had been
received at any of the headquarters. The
storm extended into lowa for 200 miles
and was spreading. The Union Pacific
sent out a special train at 11 o'ciock this
morning with linemen to repair damages.
Tbe Omaha road lias wires down. There
are about 310 poles down between Colum
bus and Kearney on tne Union Pacific and
the condition was reported growing worse
this afternoon. The overland messages
are coming via Kansas City.
WINNIPEG. Max., Nov. 86.— The
worst blizzard in years is now ragiug
throughout the Canadian provinces. Snow
driits eight to ten feet high are common.
The wind is blowing at the rate of fifty
miies an hour. All telephone and tele
graph wire 9 are down and railway traffic
will be seriously delayed.
Bit} Profit in Football.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 26.— As a re
sult of the big football game at Manhattan
Field on Saturday, Yale and Princeton
will each be enriched in their athletic de
partments to tbe extent of $14,282. That is
to say the net receipts of the game
amounted to $28,564. The gross receipts
footed up to $37,153, of which amount all
but $2500 was derived from the sale of
tickets. The $2500 came from the sale of
programmes and the adverti>ing therein.
The total expenses amounted to $8589.
Aorf/» Carolina Return*.
RALEIGH, N. C, Nov. 26.— Official re
turns of the vote for State officers from all
counties save Chowan, Pender and Polk,
are in hand at Republican headquarters
and show Russell R. to have received 151,
-008, Watson D. 142,605. The majorities
for Russell from the three above-named
counties are also in hand and show Rus
sell's majority over Watson to be 9019.
The State will to-day bagin a canvass of
the vote and this will doubtless occupy
two days.
34
OPERATIONS OF THE
WAR DEPARTMENT
Secretary Lamont's Reports
Show an Increased
Expenditure.
During the Fast V ar the Ex
penses Aggregated Just
$52,000,0c0
Important Work of Constructing
Needed Coast Defenses Goes
Actively oa.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 26.— Secre
tary Lamont's report of the operatiou3 of
' the War Department for 1596 shows total
expenditures aggregating nearly $52.
-000,000, and an unexpended balance of
nearly $2,000,000 turned back into the
treasury at the end of the fiscal year. For
tbe three years of Colonel Lament's ad
ministration the surplus has amounted to
more than $5,000,000.
On the Ist of Jnly, 1893, of our modern
defense but one nigh-power gun was
mounted. By the Ist of July next we will
have in position seventy high-power
breech-loading guns «nd ninety-five
breecb-loading mortars of modern design,
and by the following July, on completion
of work already under way or provided
for, 128 guns and 153 mortars. Tbe bat
tery of two or three of these guns takes
the place of t c former pretentious fort
atid is vastly more effective. An 8-inch
gun weighs 14V tons, is 23^ feet long, re
quires a powder charee of 1".'5 pounds and
tnrows a projectile weighing 300 pounds
about nine miles. A 10-inch gun weighs
SO tons, is 30Vi f?<>t long, requires a pow
der charee of 250 pounds and throws
a projectile of 585 pounds about
twelve miles. A 12-inch gun weighs 57
tons, is 40 feet long, requires a powder
charge of 520 pounds and throws a 1000
-pound projectile thirteen miles. A 12-inch
mortar weighs 29,120 pounds, is 13 feet
long, requires a powder charse of 105
pounds and throws a filled projectile
welshing 800 pounds over five miles.
The defenses now under consideration
are distributed among the ports of Port
land, Me., Portsmouth, N. H., Boston,
Narragansett Bay, eastern entrance to
Long island Sound, eas;ern end southern
entrances to New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Washington, Hampton Roads,
Wiiminctcn, Charles on, S.tyannah, Key
West, Pensacola. Mobiie, New Orleans,
Galveston, San Diego, San Francisco, the
mouth of the Columbia River and Puget
Sound. All of the emplacements have
Deen located with a view to carrying on
the project of the Eudicott board of for
tifications, organized under the act of
Congress of March 3, ISSS. as revised by
the permanent Board of Engineers.
The total amount appropriated for sea
coast, defenses, including cost of sites, for
tifications and armament, since the adop
tion of tbe present scheme is $25 457.000,
of which mor than one-third was earned
by the act passed at the last session of
Congress.
Before the end of the present year we
shall have eleven 12-inch, forty-two 10
-inch, eight 9-inch, six rapid-fire guns ana
112 mortar emplacements.
By next Ju*y there sdould be completed
fourteen 12-inrb, forty-six 10-inch, ten B
inch and twelve rapid-fire guns and 112
mortar emplacements. And by the close
of the coming year tbis will be increased
to twenty-one 12-incu, sixty-six 10-inch,
twenty-five 8-inch and sixteen rapid-fire
guns and 156 mortar emplacement*.
In the belief that the problem of satis
factory disappearing gun-carriages has
been solved, the Appropriations Commit
tee was informed at the previous session of
the present Congress that this department
f>roposetl to spend no more money for gnn
iit batteries, thus saving $20,000,000. T&e
construction of the carriages in as large
numbers as the appropriation wouKl ad
mit was immediately undertaken both at
the Government carriage-factory at Water
town Arsenal and under contract. A still
more difficult probem was the designing
of a disappearing aii-around-Gre carriage
for the 12-inch breech-loading rifle. How
difficult a problem it is will appear when
it 13 noted that such a carriage must en
dure without breaking or straioing any of
its parts the tremendous shock due to the
ballistic force necessary to propel s 1000
-pound projectile at a velocity of 2100 leet
per second, lowering its 52-ton gun lor a
distance of nearly eight feet to secure posi
tion for loading and returning it to its
firing position, and that it must do tbis
raoldiy, certainly and easily, and by
mechanism not liable to set out of order
and only to be operated by the average
soldier.
The technical difficulties involved may
perhaps be better appreciated when it is
considered that a similar case would b*
that of a rilty-ton locomotive and tender,
running at a speed of twenty miles an
hour, which is required to be brought to a
full stop from this speed within a distance
of sixteen feet or one-third of its length,
yet so easily and gently that at the end of
the motion there shall not be the slightest
jar. . ■ ;
. Both these problems, it is believed, have
bean satisfactorily solved. One twelve
inch all-around traverse disappearing ear
ring.: is now under construction, and
eight or ten such . carriage? ,of similar
design are about to be contracted. .
Secretary Laraont says his i redecessors
in office at the bead of the War Depart
ment bad during many years the difficult
task of arousing the public mind to a
realization of the National difficulties in
the matter of coast defense. The interest
which Las been awakened has grown
deeper each successive Congress and
appropriations for thY accomplishment of
the adopted scheme have become more
liberal.
' Therefore in submitting the estimates
for another year he feels that it is no
longer necessary to repeat the arguments
that have been reiterated so many times.
While earnestly inviting attention; to the
great work that yet remains to be done it
is also bis fortune to have the more grate
ful duty of exhibiting the important
results that have been actually accom
plished, as well as the splendid progress
which is now being made toward early'
completion of the work.
The armament of troops with the new
magazine arm was completed in May and
the armory is turning out 125 rifles or car
bines per day under the appropriation
made last year. All the ammunition for
small arms made are .supplied with smoke
less powder of American manufacture and
of a suoerioi quality. „ -, <■- '
The total expenditure for river and har
bor improvements ordered; by. Congress
during the year ending June "30, 1896. in
cluding those of ti.e Mississippi and Mis
souri River Commissions was $17,039,000.
Including the amounts" appropriated -by
the act of June 3, 1896, there was available
for expenditure for rivers and 7? harbors
July 1, $26,020,000. The Mississippi River
Commission has. decided to discontinue
tbe plan to improv- the river by bank pro
tection and to adopt the plan of dredging
channels in shoal places and maintaining
with State and local co-operation, an ex
tensive, levee system.
W.th this change of policy the minority;
believe the function of the commission is
ended, and the work should be * turned
OTer to the Secretary of . War. A3 on
water has yet been drawn for use in the
Chicago drainage op nal, no further facts
enn be given :is to the probable effect of
abtractiiiL' lo,ooo cubic feet of water p*>r
s-econd from Lake Michigan. Tbe impor
tance of inancurntinp a series of observa
tions and Ranjtingl which will provide re
liable data covering tbe lake levels and
the probable effect of the Cbicigo drain
age canal and the deepening of connecting
channels is again urg< d upon Contrress.
The army. consists of 25,246 officers and
men, or 254 below the legal maximum.
Thr effective Held strength on Oeiober 61
was 23.382.
The completion already of some coast
defenses and the anproacbiuj? completion
of other modern batteries render neces
sary a larger force of artillerists, but no
other increase of the army is asked for.
Tlie plan of Sta'e coast defense involves
100 distinct catteries in over twenty
harbors, and a force must gradually be
supplied to tate care of guns and fortifica
tions as they are conrpleied and maintain
ttiein in a slate of excellent uefense.
Secretary Lamont says in closing his last
annual report:
"I have satisfaction in placing on record
my high appreciation of the character,
ability and zeal of :he officers of our army
and the general spirit of loyalty and
patriotic inspiration which pervades its
ranks. To tuese officers and men and to
the heads of departments in the War
Office, all of whom have given faithful
support to tbe administration, this de
partment makes the acknowledgment
which is their due."
BERING SEA SEAL QUESTION.
It Is Not at All Considered Settled by
This Government and a Further Con
vention Must Be Secured.
WASHINGTON. P. C, Nov. 26.— An
indication that the Bering Sea seal ques
tion is not at all considered settled by
this Government and that some further
convention must be secured with Great
Britain to supplement the insufficient
regulations of the Paris tribunal is shown
from the publication of a report on the
subject made by Commander Brice of the
navy from observations made two years
ago. Commander Brice rinds that the
preservation of the Alaskan fur seal un
der existing conditions and regulations
rests on the very slender contingency of
the prevalence of tempestuous waves dur
ing the month of August. Two or three
weeks of good weather at this time by
permitting the sealers to operate without
interruption outside the sixty mile stone
and on the feeding grounds of the seals
means the ultimate and rapid destruction
of the seal herd on the Pribyloff Islands.
In conclnsion be writes:
"The Bering Sea Commission offers the
following definite alternatives of settle
ment:
"First, shall the Unit6d States Govern
ment effectually and forever terminate
tiiis international dispute by absolutely
ann : hilating the Alaskan seal herd as the
animals arrive on the seal islands, or,
second, shall the United States permit
the pelagic poachers of British Columbia
to destroy the seals on the way to trie
rookeries, and thus ultimately destroy
the le itiraate industry of killing selected
seals on the islands ? or third, will the
British Government enact laws to protect
an industry which is not generally con
ceded in America to have at the outside
ereaier commercial interest to Great
Britain than us?"
DFST RUCTION OF A PEORIA HOTEL
There Was Great Consternation Among
the Guests, but They Were Ail
Rescued.
PEORIA, 111., Nov. 26.— Fire, which
started near the roof at 9:30 this evening,
totally destroyed tne Peoria House.^caus
ing a loss of $40,000. An unknown man
was rescued from one of the rooms in an
v nconscious condition, due to smoke.
Immediately tbe alarm was given to the
cnests a panic ensued, and for a time it
seemed impossible to avoid great los* of
life, but throush the efforts of the Fire De
partment and aided by thecitiens this
was avoided, and as the flames worked
their way siowly throughout the entire
roof everybody in the building whs re
moved in sa ety in a short time. The
Fire Department, it was thought, had the
fire under control, but about two hours
after the flames again made (heir appear
ance and another alarm was sent in, fol
lowed soon aiier by a general call, and in
a short time the entire apparatus of tbe
city was workmc in an effort to stay the
flames.
At 12:30 the fire was yet bnrnine and the
building is practically ruined. The struc
ture was owned by Mrs. Barnard of Omaha.
Bryan Eat* Turkey at Borne.
LINCOLN, Nebr.,Nov. 2d— William Jen
nlns Bryan reached Lincoln from Denver
today in time to enjoy his Thanksgiving
dinner at home with his family and help
dispose of a twenty-five pound turkey,
which came with t he-compliments of the
Democratic Free-Silver Club of Chesan
lag, Mich. Tbe Bryan home is still quar
antined, and friends of the family were
unable to call. Rutn Bryan, who Is suf
fering from diphtheria, la mending slowly.
Aside from attending to his correspon
dence, which is laree and working some
on his book, Mr. Bryan has no plans for
the immediate luture. He dm not vet an
nounced the topic for his lecture series.
Chile* >evo Cabinet.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Not. 26.—To
day a telegram was r?ceived from the
Chilean legation at Paris which an
nounced tbat President Errazurie had
formed a Cabinet consi-tine of the follow
ing gentlemen: Minster of the Interior,
Cailos Antnnez; M nister of Foreign Re
lation?. Carlos Morla; Minister of Justice
and Public Instruction, Puga liirrie;
Minister of Finance, Sotoinayor; Minis
ter of War and Navy. Eiias Fornaudez
Albana; Minister of Puol>c "\\ orks and
industry. Francisco Borja Valdez Cuevas.
No mention was made iv the dispatch of
existing nor anticipated trouble, as would,
the legation officials say, have been made,
were such the fact.
To l-rtmine lortyth'i Condition.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. Db—Sec
retary Lamont yesterday appointed a
board to consist of Brieuder-General
George M. Sternbure, surgeon-general,
Lieutenant-Colonei William H Forwood,
deputy snrceon-eeneral, and Lieutenant
Colonel David L. Huntlneton, deputy
su geoc-gen ral, to meet in this city, as
soon as practicable to examine into and
report upon the mental condition of
Lieutenant-Colonel George A- Forsyth.
D. S. A. The report of the board will be
forwarded to the adjutant-general of the
army.
Hnwnburu's lioek Strike.
HAMBURG, Germany, Nov. 2H.— Tbe
total number of dock laborers on strifce
here is 8000. The-e have been joined by
the lighter men. Ships are arriving from
England and Sweden brngtn* rcen to re
place strikers. Ail port laborers in Bremen
are idie. The dock men at Kiel wiu strike
to-morrow.
Bit/ Worka l>**tri>i/rrt.
LONG ISLAND CITY, N. V., Nov. 26.
The Preston Piiiger works were comi
pletely destroyed by fire this morning
The loss is $200,000. Tbe worfcs covered
more than a biock.
Keane 1o innfrr Uith Oibbout.
BALTIMORE, Mr. Nov. 26.— 1t is of
ficially announced that Bishop Keane, on
his way to Rome, will stop over at Balti
more for a conference with Cardinal Gib
bons.
THE SAX FR A XQISCQ CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1596.
THIS MEANS AN
EXTRA SESSION
There Is No Chance for the
Passage of the Ding
ley Bill.
Republican Managers In'er
viewed Cleveland — Learned
He Wou d Veto It.
So Between the Fourth and Tenth
cf March McK.nley Will Call
Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 26.— Senator
Quay is quoted, as though it was some
thing n<3W, as favoring the passage of the
Dingley bill and tho consequent avoidance
of an extra session of Congress, which
view of tue Senator was announced in The
Call nearly three weeks ago when Mr.
Quay passed through Washington on his
way to Fiohda. Tbat view is now some
what modified, however, as the Senator
merely says that "if the Dinpley bill could
be resurrected from its burial-place in a
Senatorial committee and enacted into
law alter the necessary changes, tnat
course would be preferable to an extra
assembly of Congress." But it is now well
understood that tbe Dingley bill, even if
it pass the Senate and be acceptkl in its
amended form by the House, cannot se
cure tbe signature of the chief executive.
The correspondent of The Call has ex
clusive information of some very import
ant developments whicb have reached a
culmination within tbe last few days with
the Committee on Ways and Means,
whose Republican membership will re
main in me Fifty-fiftn Congress as it was
in the Fifty-fourth, and is vested with the
prerogative of the origination of all rev
enue measures. That committee is now
utterly opposed to the enactment of the
Dingley bill into a final law, as it was
oniy intended as an emergency measure
for revenue purposes.
Republican members of the committee
have not waited for a meeting face to face
before deciding upon a programme. They
have been in constant communication
since the election. They have reached a
conclusion that if the Dingley measure be
passed in an amended form by the Senate
it would be put to sleep in the House. But
there is an obstacle even more certain
than the opposition of the llouae man
agers in the way of the enactment of the
Dingley law. The late election brought
Republicans into intimate relations with
the President, and that intimacy has led
to a recent performance that is unique in
the history of the American administra
tion. By the exercise of tbe most de.icate
diplomacy the President has been com
municated with by Republicans of the
House upon the subject of the Dingley
bill and tue information given formally
and positively tnat tbe chief executive, to
maintain any show of consistency and of
devotion to a great principle which was
announced in "halcyon and vociferous"
language would be compelled to veto any
such measure as thai which passed the
House last session.
It anything had been lacking to decide
the Republican managers to make no at- i
t mi t to legislate upon revenue questions ;
during the coming session the want was
supplied by this explicit declaration which
Mr. Cleveland has kindly furnished
within tbe last few days to a diplomatic
agent of his friends, the enemy with
whom he established such cordial rela- '
tions during tbe campaign. Less formal
and more direct Has been tbe communi
cation between the Republican leaders
and President-elect McKinley.
A free expression of opinion has been
received within a day or two from tbat
incomparable exponent of the tariff, and .
it ia.in effect tbat no fragmentary or ill- j
considered legislation sbouid beaitempted >
or permitted, tbat an extra session should j
be called promptly after tbe 4ih of March, ;
and the tariff schedules shou.d be thor
oughly revised. The Republican pro
gramme, therefore, as arranged through
conferences of the leaders, is as follows:
Any attempt to revive the Dingley biil
will be discouraged by the persons who
were responsible for its creation and its !
passage through the House. Ii it should,
by means of any influence, be placed
again be:ore a Senate which once rejected
it, and i assed by the connivance of Dem
ocrats whose sole purpose would be to
confuse and disconcert those who are de
termined upon a thorough and intelligent :
legislation, the House will pigeonhole or j
defeat it when it is returned to that body ■■
in amended form. If by any unantici- !
pated combination it should pass both j
: House and Senate, it will be with lbs
knowledge that it will be vetoed by Preai
> dent Cleveland.
Between the 4th and 10th of March the
tben President— Me Kinky— will issue a
call for an extra session of Congress, to be
convened for the sole purpose o: enacting
revenue laws and possibly to cont.der
aad act upon tbe recommendation for the
creation of a commission to confer with
similar commissions of other grea; com
mercial countries upon tbe question of bi
metallism. Thirty days will be allowed
from the date of the issue of the procla
mation for Congress to prepare for tbe ex
tra session, and during that time and also
during the closing session of the present
Congress, which will convene a week from
next Monday, tbe Committee on Ways
and Means will hold daily sessions to be
devoted to consideration of the new tanfl
bill, revising rates, hearing suggestion^
listening to arguments of delegations aud
individuals.
It is not expected that tbe labor of re
vieal will be great, and it is thought that
a new bill may be almost completed before
the time when Congress shall convene in
exira session and organize for work. Or
ganization of the new Congress will be a
very simple affair. Vacancies on com
mittees will be easily filled, as most of
them will be iv the ranks of the minority.
The personnel of the c facial and clerical
force wiil remain practically as it is now
constituted. The chief labor of tbe revisal
of the tariff, as outlined to The Call cor
respondent this evening by a member of
the Ways and Means Committee, will be
in tbe transposition of dutiable articles
from ad valorem to specific. The perni
c:ous "ad valorem" system, which encour
sees false values and swindling of the
Government, v-i.l be practically wiped out
of existence. Wool and lumber wili, of
course, be replaced on the dutiable list.
An iniiiai duty will bo placed upon tin
plate, certain grades of glass and pottery,
and a few other of ti.e great articles of
American (manafactuer. Little change
will be made in the iron and steel sched
ule, as they were forced into an almost
satisfactory shapo before the Wilson bill
could be passed. ' Last but very import
ant, theagreenuMit MllOflfl the i Republican
managers is hut ton now hill shall not be
an extreme one, nntl Mi M< Kinley • him
self has encourne«<i this- determination;
while it will l»» nn.j.i.i protection. The
measure will probably' I" 1 given higher
importance from j» rffMtll ' point of view
than any law that* has v, r M#o enacted
or proposed by. a ' Kppublkmn Concress.
The Km ut>l mnrtn^erii do not antici
pate the least . d.tUoulty Hi pausing the
new bill through iin. now Senate. They
have the personal >-nsmir«nco of the assist
ance of n sufficient number of tho Sena
tors who have been ens, r.i as doubtful to
make a majority for h tariff Mil certain.
EARL RUSSELL ON THE STAND.
Denounces the Charge of a Most Pe
culiar Mature Against Him as
"Filthy Ljos."
LONDON, Enm., Nov. 2(s.— The trial or
Lady Scott was continued in the Conti
nental Criminal Court to-day with Earl
Russell on the witness-stand. Counsel
for Lady Scott received a letter written
by Lady Cardigan to Countess Russell, in
which the wnur asked. "Do you know
that Earl Russell was expelled from Ox
ford for malpractices, and are you also
aware that he was guilty of misconduct
with a Chinaman, who was afterward
shipped to China?" Earl Ru«s?ll said he
had employed a Chinese boy, but there
was not the slightest foundation for the
story of witness' misconduct with the lad.
Counselor Hull next examined Lord
Russell on behalf of the male defendants.
The Eaji said that lon Thynne, who slept
in his (witness') cabin on board the yacht,
could disprove Kast's story, but he had
gone to South America, having sailed
about six weeks ago. Thynne had been
aubpenaed as a witness in this case, but
he could not delay nis departure for South
America, as his child was ill, and it was
necessary tbat he should be taken away at
once.
In continuation of his cross-examina
tion the Earl admitted that Aylott had
s!ept in his cabin. Aylott was a notorious
liar, but witness had nevertheless given
him a good character when he left his ser
vice. The whole of Avlott's statement,
Earl Russell said, was one filthy lie. None
of the male defendants. Lord Russell ad
mitted, had ever attempted to blackmail
him.
Sir Frank Lockwood, Q. C, for the
prosecution, re-examined Earl Russell,
wnc, in answer to questions, said that
Lady Scott had not objected to the tone of
the letters which he bad written to her.
Counsel proceeded to read a number of
letters written to Earl Russell by Lady
Scott, all of which were couched in tbe
most affectionate terms, after which tho
trial waa adjourned until to-morrow.
SERIOUS MENACE TO PEACE.
President Saint' Policy Likely to Caute '
Another Kevolt.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 26.— Hayti j
seems doomed not to continue peace for j
any length of time.' Apparently well :
authenticated reports have reached the !
Haytien colony here of troubles brewing |
in political circles that . may break into
open hostilities at any mom The fact
is that the unpopularity which the Gov
ernment of President Simon Sams has al
ready achieved is beginning to develop !
into a serious menace. to the peace of his
administration.
•- i -';;*. V.
h'Tehanged llartnlr** Shots.
LONDON. Esq., Nov. 26— A dispatch to !
the Telegraph says that the Marquis '
de Montmort and an American named !
J. A. Hutchinson became involved in a
violent dispute a short time ago, wh.cn
resulted in a challenge to fight a duel he-!
ing sent and accepted. The duelists met 1
to-day at Maisons Lafitte. a short distance |
from Paris, and exchanged shots from pis- ,
tols at twenty-five paces. Neither of the
men was injured.
Fatal /■'<•€<« in dr»ec»
ATHENS, Greece, Nov. 26.— Heavy
rains have caused noods iv the Ilissus and
Cephissus. Much damage has been done
to houses and other property, especially
at the Pirania. The railways have been
submerged and traffic generally impeded.
HundreJs of persons have Deen impris
oned in factories by the rising waters. It
is known tbat thus far nine persons have
been drowned. Many are missing and it
is feared they cave t>erisheu.
In th- Hungarian Diet.
BUDA-PESTH, HrsoABT. Nov. 26.—
Emperor Francis Joseph, King of Hun
gary, in his speech opeutngthe Hungarian
Diet to-day, said the highly important
financial interest affecting the position of
Austro-Hungary in Europe renders it de
sirable l iat tbe economic and financial re
lations of the two divisions of tho
monarchy be settled without delay.
I'ariflc Cable Conference
LONDON. Esq., Nov. 26.— The Pacific !
cable conference which bas been in sessio"n ;
daily Eince Snnday adjourned to-day until !
December 13 The proceedings wer« pri- |
|~^iS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- f
S FOR^
•I* *3i&
I RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, I
% II Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and
# Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, #
4g Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stoniach, Backache, Burns, Swelling ft
# Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion! S
ii Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to %
% name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. • M
# Price; 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle- |
■ S* ; : For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, San FrancUco. %4ti&:
' w . L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cat, :;;
vate, and it is understood that ail the tes
timony thus far taken has been lavorable
to the project.
ftith a Blazing Cotton drgo.
HALIFAX, N. S., Nov. 28.— The British
steamer Wraegoe, from Wilming:on, N.
C., Novemot-r 7, for Liverpool loaded with
cotton, pnt in her last niiiht with her
cargo on tire She is anchored in the
stream. The Wratgoe is of 1838 tons
register and is commanded by Captain
Rowe.
I'lii'ippine Jnturjentt Routed.
MADRID, Spain, Nov. 26.— A dispatch
from Manilla says the Spanish troops
under Major Arego defeated a body of
Philippine insurgents, whose losses killed
and wounded were upward of 200 men.
■A Terrific >fon/» Prrrail*.
TRIESTE, Austria, Nov. 26.— A terrific
storm is prevailing here, preventing ves
sels from entering or leaving the harbor.
Many hou-es have been unroofed or
seriously damaged.
I>*ath of « French Statesman.
PARIS. jTrasck, Nov. 26— M. Francis
Victor Emmanuel Agro, the celebrated
advocate and politician, a member of the
French Senate, is dead.
Thirty Miner* Killed.
BRESLAU, Germany, Nov. 26.—News
papers publish an account of a colliery
disaster at Zengonzee. Russian- Poland, in
which thirty miners were killed.
Fire in a factory'
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 26.— The factory
and warehouse at Barrowe of Axteil and
Grass was damaged by fire to the extent of
£50,000 to-day.
A'r Frederick Broom* Head.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 26.— Sir Frederick
Naoier Broome, K. C, M. G., died at 4
o'clock this afternoon.
Hun Aeroat Country.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 26.— The
annual five-mile run across country team
run was run this afternoon and Pennsyl
vania scored 24 points to Cornell's 12.
Cornell won the race last year and Penn
sylvania won the year before. Come 1
was represented by Davidson, Torrente,
Schriver and Barrett and Pennsylvania by
Orton (the champion miie runner). Grant,
Leechling aad Coates. The result was
decided on Doints.
He Knew Better.
A rich man died, leaving his property to
be divided between his three sons, but
they were each to put £20. in the coffin to
be buried with him.
The first one put his twenty sovereigns
in and the second put in two £10 notes,
but the third knew a trick worth two, so
he wrote out a check for £60 and took the
other £40 for change.— Spare Moments.
HEW TO-DAT.
i"&£k"-\ Foul breath is
a discourager of
>£wSi?**HQa affection. There
/ft^WT 1 are more reasons
/ \\ t^ ian one for this.
&) MV^» •* Foul breath is
¥/ always an indica-
vi v^B^vV/ s tracea^^ e almost
Vs. TQtE&KB&J&ff all human ills. It
i X'fe^jtk. %^jyy is the starting
"^»^paa|i« point of many
*^f very serious mala-
dies. Upon the healthy action of the
; digestive organs, the blood depends for
| its richness and purity. If digestion
| stops, poisonous matter accumulates and
I is " forced into the blood — there is no
place else for it to go. Before this, the
.fermented, putrid - matter has indicated
, its presence by making the breath foul,
\ the complexion sallow and muddy, the
eyes dull and the head heavy. By and
by, the germ infected poisonous matter
! in the blood causes weakness or inflam-
mation in some part of the body. Then
comes rheumatism, scrofula, . consump-
! tion, liver complaint, kidney trouble and
a half a hundred other ills.
The bad breath a danger signal.
; Look out for it! If you have it, or
• any other symptom of indigestion,
\ take a bottle or two of Dr. Pierces
i Golden Medical Discovery. It will
straighten out the trouble, make your
blood pure and healthy and full of nu-
; triment for the tissues. It is a strong
statement, but a true one that the
| "Golden Medical Discovery" will cure
98 per cent, of all cases of consumption
!ifit is taken in the early stages. It will
relieve even the most obstinate cases of
! long standing.
* Send this notice and six cents to cover
! postage and you will receive from the
i World's Dispensary Medical Association,
j No. 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. V., a
i large book of 160 pages, telling all
i about the "Golden Medical Discovery"
and containing . portraits, testimonials
i and addresses of hundreds of those
cured by it. .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARM-.* H. PHILLIPS. ATTORXEY-ATW
V Law * nd Notary labile. 838 Market St., opp»i
•lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residauc* IoJO
F«il street. Telephone " Pisa ■ 2601.
DUFFY'S PURE
- FOR MEDICINACtjSE
NO FUSEL OIL
Endorsed by the Highest
Authorities. It is a
•'Household Remedy."
Take no other from your
Druggist or Grocer. Send
for pamphlet to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
. Rochester, N. Y.
II AT AUCTION
POSTPONED
ON ACCOUXT OF THE STORM, VXTZh
--TUESDAY—
TUESDAY DECEMBER 1, 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon,' '•»£';':.'
AT OCR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS
FROSTIXO OX
DETISADERO ST., Between Broadway
and Vallejo St.; TALLEJO ST..
West of Devisadcro St.
Location sanitarily perfect. Marine view unsur-
passed and sublime. Mirrouiidinire guaranteed
elegant and choice. Just the spot for a home.
Now is the time to purchase one or more lots, for
this property wil: surely double in value wl.hin
the i:«; few years. I Street «orlc complete on Do
vl^a<l*rosireet: corner curbed anil sewered. Take
Pacific avenue cabla cars to lievisadero street 10
1 examine this choice r>ff>r:- p. Fivf Devisaderc
street lots. B7:6xllO fee. each; two VaUejo street
lots, 25x137 :6 feet each.
Pace -Street Corner Residence, Neat
Golden Gate Park.
Southwest corner Paze and Cole streets— Hand-
some modern bay-window corner bouse of 9 room*,
bath, finished tasement, etc.: in peri ect condition
Only one block Irom Golden Uate Park. Ezamini
this tor a home, Face, oat and Halght streei
cars. Lot 30x106:3 f*ei.
| Howard-Street Residence-
East line 2107) of Howard. 75 fee; south
of --evt-niet-nth street— Large bay-wiutlow resi-
dence of ten rooos and bath: In elt-gant coadi-
lion; choice neighborhood: cement walk; basalt
rock In street. Howard-street car* Lot 2ixloo
feet. «
Western Addition Residence.
North line (Xo. 9-4) Page. 1U6:3 feet east of
Devls*dero street; modern bar-window residence
of 9 rooms, bath basement and conservatory »
newly painted and In t.O >d condition; brick foun-
dation: street acce. ted: artificial stone «ld«waJlc:
Devis idero, Uai jht and Pa^e street cars; lot 24 1
137 feet.
Castro Height* Residence.
West line (lO'.'O) Caairo str. et, 185 f et south ol
2Sd; modern 2-story bay-w(ndow lesidence of S
rooms and bat n; all in fine condition; Castro-su
cars put tht- door; 24th-at. cars one block.
Mission Coaljard and Cottage.
West line (No. 1310) of Church st, 89 feet
I south of 25th; cottage * rooms, with baiement for
office; lot pla iked for con. yard; street mscad^m-
lzfd and sewenHl: goodwill of busln-ss goes with
this property; just the place for ha*-, grain and
i coal business or contractor: lot >sxio2 feet.
Mission Cosy Residence.
South line (No. 449) of Jersey St.. 85 feet east ol
! Castro; 2-story bay-window residence of 8 rooms
aod bath; brick foundations; in floe coalition.
Mission Cottage.
Southeast line of Ari'neiort i., 4SS feet sootb-
westof Koauoke; No. 381 Arllnsion st; a pretty
bay-window cottage ol 4 rooms and bath; in fie«
condition. t - ! v,^"..
; EASTON, ELDUIDGK i CO..
Office and Salesrooms. 638 Market St.
faj^^i^W BRASS BET>s;
r f FOLDING BEDS'
I Wire and ilaXs -U »> j
tresses, Ke ot t n i a :
4 rtl Chairs, Wheei Cbaln.
TT" . Cuuuaodes. Back Hot;* '
I 'ii _, L fdfTfTf U ' •*-. SCHHOC4
1 i "■"«» »w MoutgomerT
I W **" I JS St., unil«r xrauj
I .** hotel.a. F. ,-. i
anew to-pat. ; \
When Others Fail Consult
DOCTOR SWEANY,
Whose reputation Is established by ten years
of successful practice at 737 Market st., & p.
Make So Mistake. When in Seed "
•' of Medical Treatment Be Sure Yea
Employ the Physician Most Skilled
and Experienced in Treating the
Diseases From Which Yod Suffer.
Doctor Sweany cures after other doc-
tors who did not understand the disease
Have failed to cure. He combines skill,
science, learnin/ and experience. His ex-
traordinary ability and remarkable cures
have maae for him an enduring name and
fame, and have gained for him the con-
fidence and esteem of every patient ha has
ever treated.
Thousands all over the land have volun-
tarily written to him thanking him for
being. cured and praising his wonderful
genius as a physician. ,
BEAD THIS LETTER.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 10. 1896. >
DR. F. L. SWEAN'Y— Dear Sir : I feel it Is
my duty to write and tell yon how grateful I
ieel toward yon for caring me of nervous de-
bility. I was almost a total wreck when I first
consulted you, and I was so despondent about
mv condition I was on the point of suicide. I
am now as changed as from the night to the
day. lam a new man, strong, vigorous and
healthy, and my nerves are as stead "as can
be. I feel full of energy and confidence and
can now wort hard all day and never get worn
out like I used to. You are truly a great doc-
tor, and I shall always bless the day I con-
sulted you, for you have really saved my life.
Gratefully and sincerely yours.
Every letter published guaranteed gen-
uine under forfeit of $1000. NO NAMES
or diseases of patients published or ex-
posed without request from patient. All
dealings and correspondence strictly coa-
fidential.
>ERVOI!< DEBILITY and all
disease* of men and women cured.
WRITE if Irvine away from the cltv.
Book. "Guide to Health." a • valuable
treatise on all organs and their diseases,
free on application. . ...
F. L. SWEATY. *I. ».,
737 Market: Street, San Francisco, Cat.
#ARHYSt
IS THS VKBY BEST (WE TO EXAMIItB
your eyes and fit them to Spectacles and Sra<
nla-»»es with instruments of his own inveclloiv
whose superiority has not been equaled. iiy so*
cess ha* bee due to the merit* af i»jr work.
Ode* Hours— l 2 uimc, . ■
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The fG RILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPt> C.MIL JUDSIOHI.
exjEctric vt^!» ( x k s
s\\* <*iUI, * l \\t . Ar " ooa tbla c» a proiv
D<> ""*** ** pa«-:a« & high
a^l^-gj^^T^m price for a paor «rnnle
K^-'^'i^V^ siEcplr becs.c»e soz&t &5-
SKtTa^csijssr -<?S9 vera»:sg ••sjnacs" de-
Jtr : r^\£23£ar<*'2^ maud* it. i>«y a* Beit
"V@«~Sf©^SS^ Uli you we -Uz. R«Wjl
-■ V 1^ «~ B°** *"»»• CaU or
\- <©V adaress I>K. PIB..CK
r XJt * Si», TO SarriwMia-
v T at, cor. Keara/, a. F.
Branch Office 610 Market sx., & F.
-
*P A ■■ An ■*• laxative rVfmMßt toe
TAS3AR: fruit loaea#e.
I n 111 nil verr agreeable to ;ake.
CON>TIFATIO3t
_. — . . _ .. hemorrhoids bile,
pi !i 1 C M loss of appetite, gastric and
H tv Sn M- r lv latest! nai troubles and -
1 II II I hs II headache arisins
~» from them.
Anil I All E. ur.ILI.OX.
fj'Ki i IN S3 Rue dcs Archives, Paria
milLLUll Sold by all Druggists.
COSMOPOXjITAN.
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth *t^ S«a
Krancisco, CaL— The most select famu> hotel la
the city. Board and room 1, 81 25 and $1 30 Mr
day, accordios to room. lleal«2jc. Kojulj 3i)a
and 750 a day. free coach to and from the hotel.
Zjooh for Uih ooaca bearing the name of the Oo*>
moooliiaa UomL WM. k'AMHIC, Xmjtcieu*.GOOD CHEER AT
BANQUET BOARDS
Americans Abroad Unite in
Giving Thanks for
Blessings.
Happy Sentiments Expressed by
. Englishmen at the London
Celebration.
In Berlin and Paris the Day is Suita
bly Observed by Just Tributes
to Old Glory.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 26.— The Thanks
.' giving dinner of the American Society in
London was given to-night in the great
hall of the Hotel Cecil. The decorations
: were American and British flags and the
coats«of-arms of the different States of the
Union. Behind the seat of the chairman
was a statue of Liberty. About 100 guests
were present, including Sir Frank Locfc
'.wood, Solicitor- General, Henry M.Stan
ley, M.P., Hiram Maxim, and their
.wives; Sir Richard Webster, Consul
• General Collins, Mounteney Jephson,
: Moncure Conway, B. F. Stevens and New
; ton Crane.
Embassador Bayard, who had been in
vited, was not present, he having gone to
, Windsor to visit the Queen. A letter of re
gret was read from him in which he said:
" # "It is a great disappointment that the
. royal summons to Windsor Castle de
; prives me of the pleasure I confidently an
ticipated of meeting my fellow-country
men. The disappointment is unavoid
able. I must bow to tbe inexorable laws
of etiquette of this land, which are para
, mount in such matters. Will you make
■„' known to my countrymen tbe causes that
" "suddenly intervened to deprive me of the
great pleasure of being in your midst?"
• 'The reading of the letter was greeted
•• with cheers.
'. -A telegram of patriotic felicitations was
• sent to Mr. Bayard. It also contained the
best wishes for his health and a God
speed for "the land we all love."
Later a re piy was received from Wind
■ sor acknowledging the receipt of the tele
• • gram and adding: "All who love the
United States and Great Britain will join
in mutual congratulations over the peace
■ ful relations which crown the anniversary
of gratitude lor numberless blessings that
surround the English-speaking people."
Sir Frank Lockwood, in proposing the
heaith of President Cleveland, referred to
his hospitable reception in the United
States on the occasion of his recent visit.
He said he was requested by Lord Russell,
Lord Chief Justice of En land, with whom
he went to the United States, to express
regret for his absence, which was caused
by the death of a relative. Continuing,
the speaker said his personal contact with
Mr. Cleveland bad convinced him that he
was a straightforward, honest, independ
ent and nobly courageous man. [Cheers.]
He asked his hearers to join him in drink
.ing to one who honestly and honorably
discharged tte duties of his responsible
position.
Sir Richard Webster responded to the
toast "The Community of English-Speak
ing Peoples." He said he had long ceased
to think that there was any real reason
for fear of there ever being such a horrible
disaster as war between the United States
and Gr at Britain. Sir Richard's remarks
were frequently interrupted by applause.
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. 26.—Thanks
giving day was observed by Americans
. here in the usual manner. In the evening
a grand banquet was given at the Kaiser
hof, at which 230 guests were present.
Embassador Uhl, who presided, made a
brief speech, in which he testified to the
• importance of the paTt German-Ameri
cans played in the history of the United
. States. He then called for three cheers
for Emperor William, which were given
with a hearty good-will. Proceeding Mr.
Uhl warmly eulogized President Cleve
land and pointed out what his adminis
tration had done to contribute to the
\ greatness of the United States. He called
for three cheers for Mr. Cleveland and tbe
guests responded with enthusiasm, the
cheering lasting for about two minutes.
• Finally the banqueters gave three cheers
• for President-elect MrKinley. whose name
was greeted with deafening applause.
William Carroll, American Consul-Gen
eral at Dresden, gave the toast "The Day
We Celebrate."
It was unanimously voted to send two
cabe dispatches — one to President Cleve
land and the other to Mr. McKiniey —
saying the Americans assembled at tbe
. Thanksgiving dinner in Berlin sent Datri
otic greetings to the President and Presi
dent-elect. Dancing commenced at 11
o'clock.
PARIG, Fbance, Nov. 26. -This has
been a day of banquets in the American
colony here. The younger element met
• at a gay dinner given by the students in
their association rooms in the Boulevard
Mount Parnasse. while the American
architects -tudying at the School of Fine
■• Arts celebrated their annual dinner at a
restaurant in the Latin Quarter. The
event of the day, however, was tbe inau
gural banquet at tbe Hotel Continental of
tbe new University Dinner Club. Em
■ bassador Bostts, Harvard Law School '54,
presided, while some thirty or forty gradu
ates of a series of the universities and col
leges of the United States were scattered
about the table. Mr. Eustis in welcoming
the guests dwelt upon the advantages
arising from an increase of university
education.
M. Ernst La Visse of the French Acad
emy and professor of history at the Sor
bonne responded to the fiißt toast, "Paris
University and the Welcome Which It
Gives to American Students." Austin
Lee replied to the toast, "The Sister Uni
versities of the United Kingdom," and
Professor Lorn bard to a toast to the Ger
i man universities. Professor Stone made
the chief speech of the evening on "The
Universities of the United States."
' M. Bartholdi, the welt-known sculptor,
replied to the toast, "International Art
and Its American Representatives in
Paris," lauding the American artists in
Paris.
Among the guests were Fred K. Lee,
George H. Monroe, Colonel Wheaton,
•Lieutenant-Commander Rodjrers, naval
attache of tbe American embassy; Drs.
Evans, Conway and Thurber and Messrs.
Theodore Stan ton, Morton and Fullerton.
Another meeting of the club is placed
»' for Washington's birthday.
IN T HE COUNTRY.
fretident and President- fleet Celebrate
With Their Families.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 26.— The
»re«ident ana Mrs. Cleveland occupied
their pew at the First Presbyterian Church
and listened to Dr. Talmage's sermon this
morning. They had no guests at the
White House Thanksgiving dinner, which
was altogether a family affair. All the
members of the Cabinet observed the holi
day in a similar manner at their resi
dences. In the afternoon the President
and Private Secretary Thurbei accom
plished considerable executive work. All
the departments were closed for the day.
The trades were generally suspended and
the line weather drew thousands to the
surrounding country, football fields and
the races.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 26.— Major Mc-
Kinley was up early this morning and at
about half-past 8 o'clock ex-Snator Wash
burn o Minnesota called upon him and
conversed for an hour. The President
elect took advantage of the brilliant sun
shine and balmy air to take a drive with
Mrs. McKiniey and later a short stroll
with one of his friends.
Major and Mrs. McKiniey ate their
Thanksgiving dinner with an old friend
and relative, Mrs. Mary Lester Reynolds.
There were twenty-live at table anil it was
a merry party. Mother McKiniey was the
guest of honor at Mrs. W. K. Miller's.
AT LOS A NGELES.
Services in the Churches and Substantial
J-'nod for the Poor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26. -Nearly
all the Evangelical churches observed
Thanksgiving day with appropriate ser
vices. At the Episcopal church the de
corations consisted principally of lilies.
A large collection was taken, the proceeds
going to the good Samaritans. Rev. John
Gray preached tbe sermon, taking as his
subject the ungrateful steward. This
evening the lad:es of this church open
their bazaar in the Muskegon block.
Rev. M. G. Solomon preached to the
B'nai B'rith congregation at the Jewish
synagogue, corner Ninth and Hope
streets. He took as his subject the sie
niticance of Thanksgiving, saying that the
Jews celebrate the day because it is a Na
tional day and non->ectarian, notwith
standing the (act that the proclamation is
issued to the Christians.
The First Presbyterian Church was sim
ply decorated with lilies and pampas.
The sermon was by Rev. Mr. Copas of the
Central Baptist Church. Those joining
in the services were the Central Christian
Church, Vincent Memorial, Third Presby
terian, United Brethren, Memorial Bap
tist and Plyniout., Baptists. The cathe iral
had been decorated, and at 9 o'clock sol
emn mass was celebrated by Rev. J.
Adams, Rev. John J. Clifford and Rev.
Joseph Dodge. The sermon was preached
by the Rev. Father Clark, C. S. P., of San
Francisco. Bishop Montgomery occupied a
position in the sanctuary. The music of
the mass was rendered by the juvenile
choir.
Simpson Tabernacle was crowded this
forenoon, where union services were con
ducted by Rev. Mr. Grant, pastor of the
First Baptist Church. The decorations
consisted of yellow chrysanthemums,
maidenhair ferns and banks of lilies, in
termixed with smilax and evergreen. The
music was by the new choir recently
formed by Professor S. C. Cornell.
St. Vincent's was the most beautifully
decorated church in the city. Chrys
anthemums—white and yellow, lilies and
whit.- and pink roses being used with nd
mirable effect. High mass was celebrated
at 9 o'cloct, and a sermon was preached
by Rev. Father Meyer, C. M.
SAN JOSE GIVES THINGS.
Business Houses i.loin and the nay Is
Sprnt in i'rayer and Feasting.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. Thanksgiv
ing day was generally observed in this
city to-day. All the public offices and
business houses were closed and religious
services were held in. a number of the
churches. Union meetings were held in
the northern and southern parts of the city.
In the former section of the city Dr. Lamar
of the Methodist Church South preached a
Thanksgiving sermon at 11 o'clock in the
English Lutheran Church, corner of sec
ond and Julian -streets. In the southern
end of the city special services were held
at the Second Presbyterian Church.
At Trinity Episcopal Church Thanks
giving services w re held at 10:30 o'clock.
Rev. Hobart Chetwood of San Francisco
delivered the sermon. The American Vol
unteers held special services both this aft
ernoon and evening.
The children in the Orphans' Home
were given a Thanksgiving least by the
members and friends of the Ladies' Benev
olent Society. There was an abundance of
turkey, fruit, candy anil nuts and the chil
dren ate to their hearts' content.
A large number »f the poor of the city
owe their Thanksgiving dinners to the
Cozzenian Lyceum of the Normal School.
This organization was formed several
years ago and its purpose is to furnish the
worthy poor with suitable dinners on this
day of blessing. It is the custom of the
iyceuai to hoid an entertaiument the day
before Thanksgiving and charge a small
admission, the proceeds of which is de
voted to carrying out its object. Yester
day afternoon the entertainment was fur
nished by the pupils of the training de
partment and a good sum was realized.
During the afternoon and evening a large
number of families were furnished with
good dinners.
"EVER-VICTORIOUS ARMY,"
A Foreign Legum Organized by an
American Sailor in China.
With a spirit of iiberaJiiy and quick dis
cernment little characteristic of his
countrymen, Li Hung Chang early recog
nized the fact that the methods and
weapons of Cnlnese warfare were an
tiauated and ill-suited to the worK in
hand and he welcomed the opportunity
afforded by his stay at Shanghai to
introduce into the campaign modern mil
itary appliances. A foreign legion, en
listed from the unemployed and adventur
ous Europeans who frequeuted that port,
was admitted into the Chinese army un
der the command of an American sailor
named Ward, and which, on account of
its brilliant successes, and following the
Chinese practice of adopting high
sounding titl-s, was called the "Ever-
Victorious Army." Ward, after a thor
ough organization of his foreign contin
gent and a series of triumphs over the
rebels, was killed in an assault upon the
enemy, and toe command of the corps
devolved upon Colonel Gordon, who was
detached from the British army for that
purpose.
This foreign contingent was the most
trustworthy ally of tbe Chinese general in
the suppression of the great rebellion, and
much fame has justly come to Gordon for
the part he bore in the contest. But
there is a general disposition on the part
of British writers >.o belittle the services
and smirch the reputation of the Ameri
can, Ward, who is always styied by them
an "adventurer." How he differed from
Gordon in that respect is not apparent:
but certain it is that he is entitled
to the credit of having displayed marked
military ability both in organizing his
forces and in leading them in baitle; and
he demonstrated the wisdom of the C i
nese commander in enlisting the corps
and its utility as a means of patting down
the rebellion. No greater indorsement of
his military genius could have been given
than by Gordon himself in adopting his
methods to the smallest details. — John W.
Foster in the August Century.
His .Motto.
A boy walked into a London merchant's
office in search of a situation. After
being put through a series o: questions by
tbe merchant he was asked: "Well, my
lad. what is your raotto?"
"Same as yours, sir," he replied; "same
as you iiave on your door — push."
He was engaged. — 6 pare Moments.
\ TO CUBE A (.OLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money a it laiU to curs. 25c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY; NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
The New Steamer Humboldt, Successfully Launched at Eureka*
WEYLER CULLS IN
THE GOLD BILLS
Will Order a New Issue of
Silver Certificates to
Replace Them.
Planters Are Not Permitted to
Resume the Grinding of
Sugar Cane.
While Generals Continue to Report
* Victories," Spain Is Hurrying
Over Additional Troops-
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov. 26.— The Official
G.izette will shortly publish a decree
issued by Captain-General Weyler order
ing the redemption of the present gold
bills in fifteen days, and a new issue of
$20,000,000 in silver bills ir. place of them.
A number of planters consulted General
Weyler to-day with regard to permission
to grind sugar cane at their own risk.
Their request was refused on the ground
that the order stopping grinding was of a
general character and would be enforced
without any exception being made.
Lopez Coloma, who, it was reported,
would be shot for the crime of rebellion,
was kfpt in the chapel of tbe condemned
for twenty-four hours. He was executed
this afternoon.
Trains on the Western railway were
fired upon yesterday by rebels in the
Pinar del Rio province. The conductor of
one of the trains was wounded.
An official dispatch has been received
here announcing that a body of troops un
der General Figura attacged and defeated
a band of rebels at San Jose in the
province of Matanzas. Nine of the rebels
were killed.
Official advices have also been received
of the defeat of a force of insurgents at
El Cano, in the province of Havana by a
body of troops commanded by Colonel
Durango, ten oi tbe former being killed.
The losses of the Spaniards in these en
gagements according to the official dis
patch were only six men wounded.
BARCELONA, Spain, Nov. 26.— Tbe
steamers Alicante and Buenos Avres
sailed hence to-uay for Havana, having on
board 2800 troops and a quantity of am
munition and arms.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 26.— A special
to the Times from Findiay, Ohio, says:
L eutenants Tillman and Laferty and
Timothy Shafer of Company A, Second
Regiment, Ohio National Guard, left yes
terday for Tampa. Fla., to join an expedi
tion for Cuba. It is understood that for
some time a Cuban agent has been enlist
ing members of the National Guard of this
State and that a few men will go from
each regimen;, ail of whom are under or
ders to report at Tampa. The two officers
from here are well supplied with money.
GREAT ALARM AT HAVANA.
Jtebcl Proximity Causes ths Garrisons to
Btl I'nub'rii.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 26.— A Jack
sonville (Fla.) special says: News came
from Havana last night that or
ders bave been issued doubling
tbe garrisons at tbe fortifications
around tbe city, and that news has
reacbe l tbe cKptain-penera! of large guer
rilla forces near tbe city. Tbe trocha was
forced twice tbis wrek, each time large
bodies of Cubans crossing and with slight
loss.
SLAUGHTER OF WEFLER'S MEN.
l\co Thousand Killed in Two Days and
Twice am Many Wounded.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 26.— A Sun.
Jacksonville (Fla.) special says:
Colonel Jose Reyes, aid -de - camp of
General Maceo, wounded and en
route for New York for medical
treatment, passed through here yesterday,
bringing news of a character which has
made all Cubans rejoice. There has been
fierce fighting in the Rubi Hills of Rio
del Pinar.
In fact the most sanguinary battle of the
war has been fought and though Weyler's
censor at, Havana has toned down there
ports into mere scrimmages, about 2000 of
Weyler's men were killed in two days and
twice as many wounded.
Weyler went into the field with 35,000
men in three columns— one of 15,000 under
himself, one of 10,000 under General
Ecbague and a third of 10,000 under Gen
eral Muj'.oz.
They found General Maceo intrenched
in a crepcent-shaped ranpre of bills, and to
General Munoz was assigned the duty of
routing him from this position, while
General Echaeue was to execute a flank
movement and cut off Maceo's retreat.
General Munoz led bis battalions and
gallantly went forth on the field, but
when at the foot of the bills the Spaniards
were met with a withering fire that cut
gaps in their ranks.
Maceo's men shot from behind rocks
and trees, and gradually cave way before
the Spaniards, who, encouraged by what
they thought to be victory, hotly pursued.
Suddenly a deafening explosion rent the
air and a scene followed somewhat like
the mine horror at .Petersburg during the
Civil War. Horses and men were blown
high in the air and fell to the earth dead
and mangled.
Tbe dynamite mine was touched off by
John Linn, formerly of this city, who is
M,aceo's electrician.
Alaceo then let loose his dynamite guns,
prepared by Linn, and more havoc was
wrojght.
From the mine explosion Colonel Reyes
says that Weyler lost 700 men killed and
500 more in the charge that followed, be
sides 1600 wounded.
Next day Maceo, knowing of the reserve
force under Weyler, retreated to even a
stronger position.
There he was attacked by a column
under Echague, who was roundly thrashed
and driven from the field, losing 800 men
ki.'led besides 1300 wounded.
In this fight Echague lost a leg, which
was torn off by a dynamite bomb. His
men became panic stricken.
They feared another mine and would
not respond a second time when urged to
attack.
The next day Maceo retreated again,
maneuvering all the while to entrap Wey
ler into a field that had been honey
combed with dynamite under the direc
tion of John Linn.
Meanwhile, however, Weyler heard that
there was danger of an uprising in Havana
because of his fail ire to crush Maceo, and
hastened back to tbat city.
Colonel Reyes brought a letter for
prominent Cubans here from Maceo, say
ing: "Have no fear. lam like a turtle in
his shelL If they get into my shell, God
help them."
ODD INSURANCE STORIES.
vases Which Strikingly Illustrate the
Perils of Life.
Tbe high importance of life insnrance
has become so generally realizsd of late
years, says Tid Bits, and policies are held
by so many thousands now that it is
scarcely strange that there are many won
derful stoiies in this connection.
A very remarkable thing occurred to a
Sheffield grocer a few months ago. Hav
ing a wife and three children dependent
upon him, ar.d not making an income
much more than sufficient for current ex
penses, he decided to take out an insur
ance upon his life lor the protection of his
family against destitution in the event of
their being suddenly robbed of his sup
port. He applied to a good company,
went through the usual formalities and
awaited the result.
A few days later, after having closed his
shop for the night, he was sitting in his
parlor over tbe shop, when he heard the
posiman's characteristic knock. He threw
down his paper and hurried downstairs.
When in the middle of a long, steep flight
his foot slipped and he was forcibly pre
cipitated down the remainder of the atairs
into the hall below, where he struck his
head heavily against a metal letter-box,
which caused concussion of the brain,
from which he died in the course of a few
days.
The extraordinary feature of this story,
which sounds like the daring fiction of a
penny-a-liner, is the fact that in the letter
box, at the time of tbe accident, was the
life insurance policy for which the grocer
had been negotiating. It had just been
delivered by the postman, to whose knook
he bad responded. In point of extraordi
nariness this story, which is placed with
out the pale of suspicion by its source,
would be bard to beac.
There are many similar cases of policies
being taken out at tbe eleventh hour, as it
has proved. Only last summer a gentle
man who was on the following day to
have started on a mountaineering tour
through Switzerland, went to a big London
insurance company to go through the final
formalities and get his policy. This was
done, and he left the office, which is situ
ated in a thoroughfare where the traffic is
6enous!y congested. Turning straight out
of tbe office without looking where he was
going, he ran into the horse of a hansom,
by which he w^s knocked down and fatally
injured.
A strange case, illustrative of tbe value
of newspaper insurance, which has be
come §o popular of recent years, was that
of a country carpenter. He had just
knocked off work near a station, and was
loitering about talkin? to the porters,
when a train came in and stopped.
From one of the compartments
directly opposite the carpenter a
gentleman alighted, leaving a paper
upon the seal. The man mentioned tbe
fact to him, and, being informed that it
was no longer wanted, he took possession
of it for himself to read over his evening
pipe. He slioped it into his pocket, and
after a few more remarks to the porters,
went off home, making his way along the
railway, which, in the country, is a much
more common thuijf than is supposed.
About halfway home he was overtaken
by a train, knocked down and killed in
stantly: His wife very promptly— it is re
markable how prompt people can be
under these circumstances — put in her
cla m for the insarance, of which the
paper the deceased carried was the policy,
and proved her Kinship.
There is a strong vein of the pathetic
running through the following story: A
commercial traveler who traded for a
London soft-goods firm, had, with wise
judgment, insured bis life on his mar
riage, and had kept up the payment for
twenty-three years in the hope of provid
ing for bis wife and five children against
his death.
After twenty-three years financial diffi
culties, which only changed to go from
bad to worse, prevented nis making one
of the nay ments, which, of course, caused
tbe policy to fall through.
Within a week of this the traveler was
seized in the street by a spasm of pain
and died of heart disease almost imme
diately, leaving his family in a state b»r.
dering on destitution, which he had for
so many year.* struggled to guard against.
The facts of this sad case were brought
before the insarance company, which
acted in a most generous manner by re
turning to the widow all tbe money pad
in premiums by her husband. Mill, the
irony of fate has a fine illustration in this
Btor *- • . . .
A fleet of 10U vessels is engaged from
January to August each year in the cap
ture of sharks near Iceland. Only the
livers are sought. That of each yields five
gallons of oil, which has medicinal virtues
reetfmbHng those of cod liver oil.
SAFE ONCE MORE
ON NATIVE SOIL
Return of the Castles on
the Steamer Havel
From Abroad.
The Unfortunate Woman Recov
ering From Her Imprison
ment at London.
Mr. Castle Explains the Illness of
His Wile and Expresses Grati
tude for Kind Acts
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 26.— Mrs.
Ella Castle, tbe wealthy California woman
whose recent unfortunate experience in
London, where she was convicted of
sbopli:ting, arrived here to-day on the
steamer HaveL Accompanying her were
her husband, Walter Michael Castle, and
their 10-year-old son Frederick.
Mrs. Castle, who was suffering severely
from nervous prostration and excitement
when she embarked on the Havel at
Southampton on November 18, was greatly
improved by the voyage. She nad not,
however, entirely recovered from the ef
fects of the terrible ordeal.
The Havel had a rough passage for sev
eral days, the wind an 1 waves being un
usually high. Notwithstanding this
Mrs. Castle was not pick. She appeared
for meals every dry, and during the lat
ter part of the voyage she spent consider
able time on deck.
Although it was stated in cables from
London that the Castles had sailed under
the name of "Michaels," as a matter of
fact tLeir real names appeared on the
passenger-list. Ie was explained that
wnile Mr. Castle had booked as "Mich
aels" be signed his right surname to his
ticket, and the steamship officials got it
in that way.
The presence of tbe unfortunate woman
on the steamer was known to the other
passengers, and those who met her per
sonally proffered their deepest sympathy.
Dr. Krotoszyner of San Francisco and his
wife happened to be aboard the steamer,
and the doctor attended on Mrs. Castle
when necessary during the voyage, and
Mrs. Krotoszynerwas with her constantly,
contorting her as much as possible.
Mrs. Castle's face plainly shows the
marks of the ordeal she has just under
gone. Her manner is naturally nervous
and there is evidence of a pained expres
sion on her once handsome face. She was
heavily veiled when she stepped from the
steamer. The only person to greet the
couple was Albert E. Castle, a brother of
Mr/Castle.
He had journeyed from San Francisco to
welcome them home to America. Mrs.
Castle with Mrs. Krotoszyner left the
steamer quietly and no one on the dock
recognized her. She hurried to a waiting
cab and was driven away, while her hus
band and his brother remained behind to
look after the baggage.
It is the intention of tbe Castles to re
main in this city a week or more wit"
friends, after which they expect to go to
their Pacific Coast home. Where they
will stay while here Mrs. Castle refused to
state. Mr. Castle himself, aside from a
slight nervousness, is none the worse for
his unpleasant experience.
He was met in the cabin of the Havel
when she arrived at quarantine by a rep
resentative of the United Associated
Presses. He was cordial in manner and
warmly expressed his appreciation of the
kind words which came from America
during bis hour of trouble.
"Indeed, 1 am very glad to get back to
this country," he declared. "It is a
good enough place for me. I think the
trip has benefited Mrs. Castle a great deal.
She is naturally very nervous, and does
not sleep very much. In fact, the great
trouble now is insomnia. She still suffers
some from hysteria, too."
"Have you made any preparations to
have your wife treated for kleptomania?"
was asked.
'I shall consult with my family before
making any arrangements," replied Mr.
Castle. "She was examined by the ablest
experts of England and we will now very
likely call in the experts of this county.
"My wife's trouble comes from certain
physical causes which were fully explained
to me by the London physicians. I think
the effect on her nervous system of rush
ing through in a trip of four months that
should have occupied four years was what
brought on her mental crisis. While we
were in Paris she was very iIL and later,
in Vienna, she was ill again.
"We i<»ft San Francisco last April and
went to England. After staying there
five weeks we made a Continental tour,
returning to England in September, and
then happened this unfortunate affair."
"How do you regard your treatment by
the English officials?"
"It has been good. I bave nothing to
pay against any of them. As soon as they
found out they had got hold of tbe wrong
people they treated as as courteously as
possible."
"Did you regard the $200,000 bail in
which yourself and wife were held as ex
cessive?"
"I do not wish to say anything about
that. I suppose it is their custom."
Mr. Castle said ibat Embassador Bayard
i.ad proven a good friend, as bad also
James Roosevelt, the first secretary of
the American legation in London.
"Will you go back to San Francisco
directly from New York?" asked the re
porter.
"Oh, yes," replied Mr. Castle, "that's
where I belong.
Continuing, he said: "But I shall keep
my wife very quiet for the present. The
English physician told me that it would
be months before she recovered from her
recent experience. She understands her
condi ion thoroughly. She knows she
must avoid ali excitement. Her nervous
system is in very bad shape, and unless
she gets perfect quietude another break
down might occur." •
GUNS LOADED WITH POOD.
The Novel Experiment Tried by a Con
federate Officer.
Major Thomas Q. Farquhar of Annis
ton, Ala., on a vist to Buffalo recently,
told a Buffalo Express reporter a humor
ous story of the war. During a siege of
Vicksburg he was in command of a Con
federate regiment outside of General
Grant's lines.
"We had plenty of food," he said. "It
was a fertile territory that we had to draw
from and there was no difficulty in get
ting enough to eat We intercepted a
poorly guarded supply train of the Yanks
and had enough to feed a regiment tor a
month stored right in our little camp.
In spite of Yankee vigilance spies would
now and then steal out of the city and we
saw and talked with several of them.
Each had a pitiful story to tell of how
the inhabitants of Vieksburg suffered for
food and we ransacked our brains to de
vise some means of sending them a por
tion of our plenty.
"An old negro who was acting as a eun
ner under me was the one to suggest what
looked like a feasible plan. His idea was
to load supplies into the four cannon
which we had and fire them boldly over
the heads of tbe Yankees into the city
itself. It was a great idea, and after some
study we decided that it was worth while
making the experiment. The supples
which we had cai>tur d consisted of hard
tack, in tins, that would go into tbe guns
like grape shot, and we calculated that by
giving them plenty of elevation we could
send the food directly into. the city, where
even such morsels would be welcome. I
was in command of the detachment and
gave my consent to what an older and
more experienced officer would probably
bave frowned upon as being contrary to all
rules of war.
"Next morning at sunrise we loaded the
guns. We put a plentilul charge of row
der in each and then rammed home as
many cans of hardtack as would equal in
weight an ordinary cannon ball, and that
was not a great many, 1 assure you. In
o»e of the guns we put four cans of toma
toes. This we considered an experiment,
as we had little hope that such fluid stuff
would survive the impact of falling in the
city, but it was worth trying. We pointed
the guns and just before the lanyard of
tbe first was pulled the old negro gunner
ran a few rods down the hill, where be
would be below the line of smoke aud able
to see where our novel shot struck.
"The first gun fired happened to be the
one we had loaded with tomatoes. The
gunner pulled the lanyard, there was a
roar and a puff of smoke that obscured
our sight for an instant; then it blew
away and we saw running up the hill
toward us our old negro, covered from
head to foot with what looked like blood,
while he waved his arms wiidly and
shrieked, 'I'm killed 1 I'm killed! O Lord,
have mercy upon my soul!' We were
alarmed and ran toward him. He still
screamed and shrieked and lell dowo in a
faint as he saw us. We rushed up to him,
and then every man of us burst into a
laugh that would have waked the dead.
"It roused old Tom, who opened his
eyes and shrieked the louder when he saw
our apparently inhuman levity. As soon
as we were able to speak or move we
picked the old negro up. stood him on his
feet to assure him that he was still alive,
and then ordered him to scrape the toma
toes off himseif. He was the most thor
oughly bedaubed specimen I ever saw.
You see, tbe heat of the discharge of the
cannon melted the solder in the tomato
cans and they had simply dropped to
pieces on leaving the gun, while their
contents bad been propelled just far
enough down the hill to spatter all over
the old negro." The major paused and
chuckled again.
"How did the hardtack work?" asked
the reporter.
"We didn't get a chance to try it." was
the reply. "The Yanks, thinking that we
were about to bomburd them from the rear,
started up the hill after us. and as there
would have been no use in making any re
sistance against so superior a force we
spiked the guns and retreated. What
they thought when they found the hard
tack in them I never learned, but I sup
pose it only confirmed their idea thai we
were going to attack them."
NEW TO-DAY.
Mothers,
Where are Your Boys
Come,
Let us show
You.
BROWN^^
:\Tholesale Manufacturers *
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
"lust TpII Thpm /AtLOEWEiWHAL'S
JUOI lull 1 IllSili / and l they will tell you
That You Saw Me" WE QUOTE BELOW A
: CHILDREN'S D. B. REEFERS at . . i*3.«.»
i LADIES' RAIN COATS, WITH ; CAPES, at . . . . . . . . ... .......:. $9.95 T
LADIES'. BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR SKIRTS at;... ...... .£3.25
LADIES', MELTON JACKETS, fur-trimmed, at... .......... :.. r #6.35
LADIES' JET-EMBROIDERED VELOUR CAPES at . : :. . : . $9.75 I
LADIES' BLUE, BLACK AND TAN TAILOR-MADE CHE-
VIOT, JACKET :; SUITS., latest style, : lined throughout
and trimmed with military cord, at....... $11.75 >■
1 1 1 ST APPIVPH A line OF fur COLLARETTF-5, IN the newest
J UOI nl\KI V C,U— EFFECI S. AT POPULAR PRICES. .
«
9i4Mfiiffi£T $T.
EUREKANS LAUNCH
THE HUMBOLDT
The Successful Event Made
the Occasion of a
Jubilee.
Vast Crowds Cheer as the Mag
n ficeat Vessel Slides Into
the Water.
C.mbines the Three Essential Quali«
ties of Speed, Strength and
Convenience.
EUREKA, Cal., Nov. 26.— T0-day waa
a gala-day in Eureka, the occasion being
the launching of the new steamer Hum
bold t, successor of the steamer of the same
name wrecked on Point Gorda in Septem
ber, 1895. Large delegations came to
Euieka from outside towns to see the new
steamer glide from her resting place in
the arms of mother earth into the embrace
of her future guardian, old Neptune.
M st of the owners are residents of this
county and naturally much interest is felt
here in the weitare of the new steamer.
Consequently there was an immense turn
out, aud by 1 o'clock tbe bay was covered
with steamers, launches, barges and sail
boats, headed for Bendixsen's shipyard
on the peninsula opposite the city.
Shortly before high water the wedges
were driven home, and at 2:45 p. v. the
last block that held her on the ways was
Knocked away, ana settling into her cradle
she started on her short run to her native
element, amid the booming of cannon, the
screeching of whistles and cheers from
hundreds of thri ats, while the shipping
all over the bay dipped their colors in sal
utation to Humboidt's new candidate for
marine favors. The steamer was chris
tened by Miss Lena G. Sweazy, daughter
of Richard Sweazy, the managing owner.
In building the Humboldt the owners
decided that she should possess three dis
tinctive qualities — speed, strength, and
convenience. The two latter are assured,
while experts predict that she will be a
very fast boat. Captain H. S. Ackley, late
commander of the steamer State of Cali
fornia, who is here on a v;sit to relatives,
has made a thorough inspection of the
steamer, and pronounces her a marvel of
strength and beauty, of which Humooldt
may well leel proud, and that if supplied
with proper machinery she will be one of
the fastest boats on the coast. The tium
boidt will be commanded by Captain.
Samuel Bonnifield, well known all over
the coast. She will be loaded with iumDer
and towed by the reastack tug Rescue to
San Francisco, where she will be fined
with machinery. She wiii leave this port
about next Tuesday.
More Than Expected.
An old man was breaking stones one
day on a country road in Wales, when a
! gentleman came riding along.
"Bother thete stones Take them out
of my way," he said.
"Wha.e can 1 take them to, your
honor?" -
"I don't care where; take them to hades
if you like."
"Don't you think, your honor," said the
old man, "that I'd better take 'em to
heaven? Ihey'll be less in your honor's
way there. "—Spare Moments.
» » •
The specie-room on ocean steamships is
usually 16 feet long, 10 feet wide and 8 feet
high. It is formed of steel plates a quarter
of an inch thick, with a steel door, which,
i has a burglar-proof combination lock.
buying their clothing? Do
they buy of retailers, and
thus make their clothing cost
twice what it would if bought
of us, the manufacturers, re-
tailing at the wholesale price ?
Boys' Reefer Suits, for ages
4 to 14 years, in Brown, Gray
and Mixed Cheviots. The
retail price is $5; our price,
only $3.
Cape Overcoats, for boys 4
to 14, in handsome Cheviots,
Brown, Gray and Mixed
colors, $5 in retail stores;
our price, $3.
Better grades, up to the
very finest, all at wholesale
prices, saving you about half
the retail price.
We own our Woolen Mills;
we sell direct; no middle-
man's profit for you to pay
here.
56
S3f£ CfoU
FRIDAY .........'.^..NOVEMBER 27. 1898
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. ■
SUBSCRIPTION RATCS-Postagp Fre*t
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .fO.IB
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 .... 6.00
Pally and Bund ay Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Pally and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail- .65
fcucday Calx., one year, by mail Ilfci 1 .50
uui Call, one year, by mall. ...TfPl.6o
BUSINESS OFFICE :
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8 :S0 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street: open nntn 9:30 o'dook.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner (sixteenth and Mission streets; open
en til 0 o'clock.
5.618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock* v -
167 *»u»u» street; open until 9 o'clock.
« Market street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE! /
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
r.ooms 31 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. . T~"
Rah! Rah! Stanford 1
It was a day to be thankful for.
The town was cardinal last night.
Christmas is the next thing to prepare
for. |
The weather certainly did tiie proper
thing.
We can now resume bragging on our
climate.
Send California dainties and novelties to
your Eastern friends.
Prospects are so bright now that every
cloud has a golden lining.
A Christmas gift from California should
be a product of California.
It is claimed that the farmers are over
taxed and we are prepared to admit it for
bo are we all.
May you find this morning that a good
digestion waited on your appetite and
nerved it well.
There was no part of the Union that had
a better Thanksgiving day than ours and
we can bet on it.
It is time to remind tbe Eastern folks
that California is the place to look for
winter sunshine.
The assessors' convention ably dis
cussed tax reform and now we shall see
what is to come of it.
We can renew our thankfulness to-day
in the remembrance that some turkeys
are left for Christmas.
If Bryan would only postpone further
speech-making until after the holidays
we would take it kindly.
The fellows who are trying to find a new
and appropriate name for the fusion party
might as well call it mud.
The Indianapolis currency convention
will be the next gathering of volunteer
Solons to amuse the country.
Every dollar that goes for lottery tickets
this month is just so much expended to
dampen your Christmas cheer.
A Republican tariff can be made to pro
tect the gold reserve as well as industry
and thus cure two evils with one remedy.
Arizona is not fretting over the defeat
of free silver. She has copper mines
enough to copper the result and intends
to do it.
The agitation for the appointment of a
Secretary of Mines is being taken up all
over the West and we may count on a
good fight being made for it.
Weyler's retnrn to Havana has been fol-
lowed by a report of a great Cuban victory,
bo be seems to have abandoned nis tele
graph wire when he left tbe field.
In his report to Congress Carlisle will
recommend the retirement of greenbacks,
and therefore his will be another Cabinet
message to go into tbe National waste
basket.
Congratulations are due to tbe news
papers of Vailejo for their successful fight
against the gamblers. A victory ol that
kind helps business and promotes in
dustry.
The people care very little what Cleve
land may say about the currency or the
tariff, but they wonjd like to hear from
himon Cuba, the Nicaragua canal and the
funding bill.
Cabinet making by the newspapers has
got far enough to bring to light several
distinguished citizens who declare they do
not wish the office, and that is something
accomplished.
Tbe fact that a football game in Chicago
had to be played inside a house shows tbe
kind of weather they have there. A
climate that is too rough for a football
game is pretty savage.
According to a recent report from "Wash
ington Justice Field is looking healthy,
hearty and happy, so Carlisle may as well
abandon his hope of a seat on tbe Su
preme bench and get ready to practice
law.
It is said that while tbe majority of
Senators do not know Mr. Pettus, who has
been elected to succeed Pugh from Ala
bama, they know as much as they desire
of Pugh and are pleased with the ex
change.
If every Californian would sand to bis
Eastern friends some novelty or dainty
produced in California the result would
be a big advertisement for oar home in
dustries and help to make a profitable
market for them.
Qeneral Sickles ia one gold Democrat
who is willing to • ccept an oflice under
the McKiniey administration, provided
hois permitted to name the office. He
wishes to be Governor of Cuba as a terri
tory of the United States.
Those who are discussing tbe currency
problem should direct their attention to
the fact that whatever reforms are under
taken will be made in accordance with the
principles laid down in the Republican
platform adopted at St. Louis and not in
the direction of the Cleveland policy in
dorsed at Indianapolis.
CLEVELAND'S MESSAGE.
As the time approaches for the assem
bling of Congress public interest increases
in the forthcoming message of the Presi
dent. Not much is expected of it, but the
people, with that sanguine hopefulness
which marks the American, do not de
spair that Mr. Cleveland may profit by
this occasion, and by taking bold and de
cided action on several topics of great
interest go far to redeem the blunders of
his administration in the past.
The country will care nothing for any
thing Mr. Cleveland may say concerning
the currency or;tarlff. These issues have
been appealed to the people and the popu
lar vote has been overwhelmingly against
bis policy on each of them. Anything
which he could say concerning them
would be therefore more idle than a twice
told tale and a matter fit only for prompt
relegation to the wastebasket.
There are issues, however, on which Mr.
Cleveland can say much that would be not
only of public interest, but if rightly dealt
with would add some prestige to his term
of office. These issues are the Nicaragua
canal, the funding bill and the Cuban
question. Tbe President ought to speak
out boldly concerning each and all of
them, and if he does so ail he says will
receive the attentive consideration not
only of Congress but of the Nation at
large.
The report of Secretary Smith of the
last Congress encourages the hope that the
administration is opposed to the funding
bill. If this should be so, Mr. Cleveland
ought to emphatically declare bis opinion
on the subject at once and put an end to
that question for the rest of his term of
office. It would be a great relief to Cali
fornia and indeed to the whole of tbe
greater West ft> know that danger of fund
ing was past and that tbe Government in
tended to enforce its right and protect the
people against spoliation by the mo
nopoly.
Equally beneficial would be a decided
declaration in favor of the Nicaragua
canal and in favor of some measures to
put an end to the prolonged war in Cuba.
It is the general uncertainty regarding the
attitude of the administration concerning
these questions which gives the public an
interest in the forthcoming message. It
is everywhere felt that Mr. Cleveland has
one more chance to redeem his adminis
tration and make it respectable in Ameri
can history, and, despite the disappoint
ments of the past, there is a widespread
popular hope that he may have the sa
gacity and the courage to do so.
THE HOLIDAY TRADE
We have celebrated our National
Thanksgiving, been duly grateful for ex
isting good and rejoiced in the promise of
better things to come. We turn this
morning to other things and begin to pre
pare for the great holiday of Christendom,
the celebration of Christmas. These
preparations will occupy us for nearly a
month, and will involve earnest thought
and the expenditure of considerable sums
of money.
It is an old and trite theme that of pro
moting home industries by our purchases.
Nevertheless The Call returns to it this
morning and urges a reconsideration of it.
California occupies a distinguished posi
tion in the United States in regard to its
natural products and its manufactures.
We are to this country what Italy is to
Europe. This fact, however, is not fully
understood, and it never will be until we
make the Eastern people' comprehend
what exquisite dainties and beautiful
novelties are produced here.
In that task every citizen should take
part. It will cost no man much to send a
small Quantity of California fruits, wines
or other delicacies to the East. If, how
ever, many should do so, the advantage
to the State would J>e worth thou
sands of dollars. The wide circulation of
our exquisite productions would create a
demand for them, and the result would
be the development Qf a market which
would yield large returns through ail
years to come.
We have repeatedly called the attention
of Californians to the number of articles
produced in the State which are suitable
for Christmas presents. These include
almost everything from delicacies for
the table to artistic novelties. Our home
productions do not make a great show in
the windows of our shops, but, neverthe
less, they are by no means inconsiderable.
Any intending purchaser who asks for
them can find them. We urpe Christmas
purchasers, therefore, to ask for them.
It will be easy to make a selection from
among them which will be far more plead
ing to Eastern people than anything
v;hich could be sent them of Eastern or
European production.
In setting about your holiday trade
make up your mind to do this much for
the industries of California. It will en
tail upon you no extra cost. In most
cases it will prove an absolute economy.
Products of California suitable for Christ
mas gifts can be purchased more cheaply
than products of an equal quality from
any other Jand. Help to make the prod
ucts of your State Known abroad. Help
your Eastern friends to understand that
California is the Italy of America and
rich in every dainty pleasing to tbe taste.
THE CUREENCY QUESTION.
One of the important issues of the day
j is tbe call made by the Indianapolis Board
of Trade upon similar bodies throughout
the country to assist in an agitation for
currency reform. It seems to be the in
tention of the promoters of this movement
to direct it toward the development of a
popular sentiment favoring the retire
ment of greenbacks, and the virtual adop
tion of Cleveland's monetary policy.
It will be well for the people to be on
their guard against tins movement. It
must b« remembered the victory in the
last election waa not gained by Palmer
and Buckner and the gold-standard men.
It was not a triumph for Cleveland's tinan
cial policy any more than for Cleveland's
tariff policy. It was a Republican victory,
and signified tbe popular indorsement of
Republican finance as well as of a Repub
lican tariff.
The people of this country are not in
lavor cf retiring greenbacks. At any rate
they have never voted for such a radical
change in our financial system. Mr. Cleve
land has done everything in his power to
discredit our treasury notes, but he has
not succeeded in inducing any large num
ber of people to believe that anything is
radically wrong with that monetary policy
which has prevailed among us ever since
the war, and which under Republican
administrations never failed to satisfy all
the needs of the people.
In considering the question it must be
borne fh mind that our financial system
operated beneficially so long aa there was
no deficit in tbe treasury. Mr. Cleveland
has attempted to prove that the green
backs were the sole cause of the recent bond
issues inasmuch as they constituted a
means for withdrawing gold from the
National treasury. He set before the public
his famous endless chain theory and has
sought to prove that we can never have a
sound system of finance as long as we
keep iv circulation any paper money
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
issued by the Government and which the
Government must be prepared at all limes
to redeem in gold.
This claim of the President is not
justified by the well-known facts of the
case. It has been clear to observing men
that the bond issues were largely for the
purpose of supplying the deficit in the
revenues. With a tariff yielding an in
come sufficient for the expenditures of
the Nation, there would be no such thing
as an endless chain to withdraw gold from
the reserve. Therefore it is by no means
proven that our system of National
treasury notes is injurious either to the
nation or to the people.
The currency reformers who are making
most noise are clearly determined to en
force the Cleveland policy of finance upon
the country if they can possibly do so. We
regret to observe that some stalwart Re
publican papers in the East show signs of
favoring the scheme. It is therefore im
portant to call attention at once to the
proposed end of the Indianapolis move
ment. Some plan oi, currency reform we
must have, but the reform must be on
Republican lines and in no sense an adop
tion of the policy of a discredited adminis
tration.
WINTER TOURISTS.
We are pleased to note the Philadelphia
Record haa called the attention of the
people of that section to tbe advantages
which their own country has over Europe
as a winter resort. As the Record says:
Millions upon millions of dollars are yearly
spent in finding warm nesting places along
the shores of the Mediterranean, where the
rigor of our Northern winters may be escaped.
Now, if "climate" of suitable character be the
thing which our birds of passage are seeking
they need not co to Europe or Africa to find it.
Our own blessed country furnishes every
needed variety.
The suggestion made by the Record is
timely. A very large number of people in
the colder States of the East are now pre
paring to seek a warmer climate as soon
as the Christmas holidays are over. It is
most opportune, therefore, to remind them
that far pleasanter resorts are to be found
within the limits of the United States
than any which Europe affords.
To persons of limited means Florida and
the Gulf coast constitute a formidable
rival to California, because of the greater
cost to reach this State. To any one, how
ever, who can afford the time and expense
California is so far superior to the South
ern States that they can scarcely be con
sidered in rivalry with its matchless
attractions.
While there are a few hotels in the
South equal to any we have in California,
they are costly in the extreme. The dif
ference in our rates and those of the big
fashionable resorts in Florida more than
compensates for the difference in fare to
reach them for any one who is able to
spend the entire season from January to
April in a pleasant climate. These facts
ought to be more fully made known in
order that we may receive our due share
of the winter travel from the colder Btates
of the East.
Whether the tourist contents himself
with Florida or comes to California matters
very little, however, to the main issue of
the problem. The essential point is to make
it clear to the people of the East that
they do not have to cross the ocean in
order to find a land of winter sunshine.
As the Record very truly «ays: "Why
should a stormy and uncomfortable flight
across tbe Atlantic be made year after
year in pursuit of delights lying in wait
for us at our very feet? Why go to
Europe for any good thing which we may
more easily and cheaply get at home?"
FLAG FACTORIES.
The Providence Journal has been inves
tigating the manufacture of our National
flags and claims to have discovered that
the greater number of them are the prod
ucts of sweatshop labor in New York;
The Journal says: "It is surely one of the
most curious anomalies that tbe sign and
symbol of liberty and equality should be
manufactured under conditions which as
an enlightened country we have tried to
forbid by law as a species of oppression."
The reporter of the Journal who investi
gated the subject says the girls who make
our flags are crowded a score or s© into
rooms in which there is only just space
enough for their sewing-machines and no
more air than each girl can consume and
live. The girls worK from twelve to four
teen hours a day for $5 a week, aud tbe
conditions of their toil are conducive to
anything rather than thoughts of liberty
and independence.
This condition of affairs is one which
appeals to patriotic sentiment as well as
to the instincts ol humanity. It is a sad
thought that tbe glorious banner which
we hail with such enthusiasm is the prod
uct of labor under conditions that would
be thought shameful even if found in
countries where the labor is that of heredi
tary slaves. Great efforts have been made
in many States to prevent the sweatshop
system of work, and this newly announced
fact should induce to new energy ia that
direction.
NATIONAL MINING DEPARTMENT.
Denver Times.
. The Ban Francisco Call has a very apropos
article upon tbe apDOlntment of a National
Secretary of Mines. It Is suggested that there
be a Cabinet officer or a head of the mining
department, and they suggest the following
resolution: ■ . .
"Rttolved, That the California Miners' As
sociation' strongly and urgently desires the
appointment of a Cabinet officer, to be known
as the Secretary of Mines and Mining."
. The mining industry as a whole has bad no
head in the United states Government. The
Commissioner: of Public Lands superintends
some part of the work, the Bureau of Miner
alogy another and the Geological Survey a
third. - ■ i ■.'■■.
The industry is divided up and scattered in
so many departments that the inevitable
result is confusion, and in many cases in
justice. '
There have been repeated memorials to Con
gress from miners - stating . specifically the
evils from which they suffer, and it has been
with groat difficulty that miners have ob
tained even th« most elementary and neces
sary legislation to secure their rights and ad
vance their interest*!: The mugnitude of the
mining industry Is in itself sufficient to justify
the establishment of a separate department in
the National Government. -
The great West is interested as much in min
ing as in agriculture. Bui mining is not con
fined to the Went. •• It is an industry carried
on in all sections of the Union from the Alle
ghanlcs to the Pacific Coast. It is, in- brief, a
great National industry, and should have Na
tional recognition. The mining industry has
too long been neglected by the Government of
the United States. It is too great an industry
to be left to subordinate officials |In • different
bureaus with the responsibility resting upon
no particular department. r The work of the
Interior Department iK too diverge for a single
Secretary to give proper attention to all its
various departments. Every, miner will rea
lize the benefit that would accrue if mines
and mining should be taken out of the In
terior Department and made a department of
itself.' - _ „ ■..•;.■ :.: . . -• ■;-;> . ,
Mining is peculiarly a business that involves
great expense. It is conducted under infinite
varieties and conditions, and is thoroughly a
scientific industry. The American miner is In
competition with all tne scientific methods of
mining of other , countries of the world. - ; He
must be kept posted on all newly discovered
processes and appliances if be is to bring out
the best results from his work.
. The Times heartily indorses the proposition
of the San Francisco Call for a mining depart
ment. "• ' By ; sufficient •"> agitation « It ■-. could be
brought about.. Let the matter be discunted
and arguments heard upon it. If the West
and. other mining'' sections, of the .Nation
should determinedly ask for a . Secretary of
Mining, or I for a bureau of mines or a mining
department at the National capital, It is very
aoubttul if it would meet with strong oppo
sition. - " rtr^
PERSONAL.
Jamet Heiford of Bolton. England, is In
town.
Herbert Foiger ot Portland, Or., is at the
Palace.
F. B. Chandler, a lumber-dealer of Elmira, is
in town.
George H. Crafts of Bakers field is at the Oc
cidental.
G. W. and J. H. Cunard of Fort Steele, B. C,
are at the Russ.
W. \V. Douglas, Assistant State Controller, of
Sacramento, is in the Cily.
Mrs. M. Parker and family of Portland, Or.,
are at the Cosmopolitan hotel.
F. W. Linscott, Superintendent of Schools
of Santa Cruz County, is at the Grand.
3. E. Higgins and wife of Modesto came
down yesterday for Thanksgiving day and are
registered at the Cosmopolitan hotel.
W. Bendy of Virginia City, superintendent
of one of the Comstock mines, is in the City.
John P. Hennessy, owner of a valuable gold
mine near Weaverville, is at the Russ. He
brought down consideraDle gold with him.
0. W. Waldron, one of the editors ar.d pro
prietors of the Santa Cru* Dally Surf, is at the
Occidental, accompanied by Mrs. Waldron.
R. S. Milburn of Edinburgh. Scotland, who
for several months past has been visiting In
dia, Australia, New Zealand and other coun
tries, is at the Russ.
E. Hunter, a wealthy mining man of Colo
rado, who has been examining California gold
properties with a view to purchasing, is
among the arrivals in the City.
Sheriff H. L. Borgwardt of Kern County la at
the Russ. He own« a large interest in an im
portant gold mine about fifty miles from Ba
kersfield in the desert. The Sheriff Is here on
official business.
8. G. Little, the Dizon banker, who lost sev
eral thousand dollars recently at the hands of
"Sleepy Dave," the gold-brick swindler, is in
town. The case, as will be remembered, was
tried in Oakland.
D. G. Shirk, the Nevada and Oregon cattle
king, whose livestock operations are very ex
teDsive over the Pacific Coast, is at the Russ.
He owns tens of thousands of head of cattle
and thousands of horses. He is a veteran in
the livestock business, and besides his cattle
owns vast areas of grazing land.
A number of County Assessors who have
been attending the meeting of the State Board
of Equalization are at the Grand Hotel.
Among them are the following: A. 8. Ken
dall, San Bernardino; Winfleld Scott, Kern;
J. T. Jarvis, Orange; J. A. Donlan, Ventura;
L. A. Bpitzer, Santa Clara; Frank Madison,
Santa Crnz; CD. Hayward, San Mateo; and
C. S. Dalby, Woodiide.
Frank Smith, chief cleric of tbe Occidental
Hotel, haa returned here after a week's vaca
tion at Los Angeles, San Diego and other
places. In tbe days of tbe San Diego boom
Mr. Smith was manager of the Horton House,
San Diego. He says it is pretty quiet there
now, the winter travel having not yet set in.
Los Angeles has a ipry look owing to the real
estate and building activity which began a
year or two ago.
Among the arrivals at tbe Palace Hotel is R.
A. Eddy, the railroad, lumber, mill and land
owner of Montana and Oregon, who Is of the
firm of Eauy, Hammond & Co. Mr. Eddy Is
several times a millionaire. Some time since
his firm purchased the Oregon Pacific Rail
road, which cost nearly $3,000,000, for about
$100,000. It was bought at forced sale. Mr.
Kddy is accompanied by his wife and by Dr.
and Mrs. W. P. Mills of Montana.
W. D. St. Clair, who many years ago was
connected with the press of this City and
who long since went to Chicago, where he
made a great deal of money by taking the en
tire advertising space of tbe Times and other
papers at reduced rates and selling it to the
advertisers, is in the City. Mr. St. Clair owns
valuable real estate In San Francisco and a
ranch at San Ramon. He came out to look
after bis interests and will return by way of
New Orleans.
LADY'S WAIST WITH DRAPED
FRONT AND FANCY SLEEVES.
Several striking new features are seen in the
waist pictured here. The draped frent is ex
tremely graceful. Tne sleeves are novel and
generally becoming. The design allows of
charming combinations. A gown seen was of
Dresden silk, with front of white moussellne
de sole. A frill of the same finished the folded
collar.
Another waist of woolen In black with a
figure in dull green had sleeve ruffles lined
with plain green silk to match. The draped
front was of green silk covered with black net,
the fitted sleeves also being of green overlaid
witn black net.
A dark green mohair had vest and fitted
sleeves of green and white foulard, the edges
of ruffles on sleeves and the waißt-front being
trimmed with a fancy galloon in green, white
and gold.
FOOTPRINTS OF TIME.
But yesterday, it seema to htm,
He waited underneath the dim
Light of the parlor chandelier
For her to come. Aud then her dear,
Bwmi voice called to Him from the stair,
And said, -Sweetheart, I'll soon be there!"
But yesterdar— years after, yes -
He stumbled home in va(;ue distress
And wearied to the very ami.
Again her voice a greeting aent
That tilled him with embarrassment
It said: "lirliig upapall of coal!"
But yesterday- how faat time flies-
It seems, he looked Into her evea,
And, dumb with love, reached for her band
To try to make her understand.
They lingered by the large frontdoor,
As they had often done before !
But ye gwrday— can he forget?—
ite climbed the steps, fatigued and wet,
And glad to leave tne muddy street.
And she stood on the front-door silt
An<i screamed in accents sharp and shrill :
"W hy uou't you wipe your dirty feet?"
—Chicago Kecord.
NOW COMES THE "TROLLEY
HEART"
Chicago Times- Herald.
Jnit as the "bicycle face" gives promise of
going outof style we are Informed by those
who keep posted on the anatomical eccentri
cities of the race that the "trolley heart" is to
be the correct vogue for the winter. For
awhile it looked as though the "carbolizea
kiss" would crowd every other fad off the
boards, but the advent of the "trolley heart"
will be a welcome relief to sootety from the
threatened embarrassments of medicated
osculation.
As soon ai the "trolley heart" has had its
ran It will doubtless be superseded by the
"typewriter liver" and the "duplicate whist
hump," all of which are expected to seriously
occupy the attention of the medical profes
sion, which has been kindly relieved of a good
portion of its dry and uninteresting family
practice by Mr. Kerr*s efficient health foundry,
and hence has more time to devote to science.
Several Chicago doctors declare they have
been called upon to treat the peculiar form of
electrified cardiac known as the "trolley
heart." It H aot the kind of heart which the
trolley corporation usually gives the property
owners along the ri?ht of way. It is also lock
ing in the cola frigidity which characterizes
the heart that is now being offered to the meek
and innocent trolley by many of the residents
of Indiana avenue.
It is a heart made warm and active by the
increased palpitations caused by the jolting
a.d rocking motion of an electric car. The
trolley is apparently the uncompromising foe
of cardiairophy. As an accellator of heart
motion it is said that the trolley has no equnl.
If this is true why not more "trolley parties"
in the churches? As Christmas approaches
wouldn't it be a good thing if all humanity
pot addicted to the trolley habit? Here's an
idea for the good women who are trying
to wipe out the debt on the Woman's Temple.
Many a man with a plethoric purse and a
shrinkage in the cardiac region will hereafter
avoid the trolley car as he would a pestilence.
The cautious man will want to take nochanccs
of a disturbance behind the visceral arches
that might induce him to give liberally to
some worthy cause.
It is just possible that the great need of so
ciety to-day is more "trolley hearts" and fewer
granite formations in the central organ of the
vascular system.
A SCAFFOLDING OF STRAW.
The Japanese have Imported a great number
of advanced methods they have seen among Eu
ropean peop!e,chiefly in military and naval art,
says La Nature. They are seeking also more
and more to imitate us In methods of construc
tion and iabrication. Nevertheless they some
times utilize processes that would seem re
markable to us, or from our point of view ; we
may cite as an example a lighthouse now bo
ing erected at Kagoshimn which is to have,
when completed, a height of 100 feet.
The lighthouse in question will consist of an
iron tower, which will carry at its summit an
The Scaffolding.
illuminating apparatus of the first order. The
reader will notice in the accompanying illus
tration the scnffolding, which is made entirely
of ropes cf braided straw. All these ropes are
interlaced ■with one another, crossing in all
directions to form a structure of great firm
ness. At the left, on the ground, is seen the
beginning of an inclined plane that rises
spirally around the outside of tiie scaffolding.
This inclined plane Is used for the transport of
materials. It is held firmly by ropes of
braided straw. It is certain, write our corre
spondent, that thi3 construction, thus made,
presents a very odd appearance, but we can
but admire the ingenious art that can make
such a structure cm: of straw rope.
CHICAGO SOCIETY PUZZLED.
Whether Dr. John Waison — "lan Mac
laren"—thinks well of the erudition of Chi
cago society or not may never be known. That
the members of the Twentieth Century Club
treated him well and that he was charmed by
their generous hospitality goes without say
ing. But it is perfectly safe to assert that
never before has tbe good doctor heard his
norn de gnerre pronounced in more different
ways than he did that night at the reception
which followed his lecture to the Twentieth
Century Club.
" 'Jaron' Maclaren's fame long preceded
your visit here, doctor," said a Prairie-avenue
matron.
"Let me introduce you to 'Van' Maclaren,"
said William Morton Payne.
" 'I-n' Maclaren is not a stringer to Chi
cago," is the way Franklin H. Head put it.
"What's his writing name?" asked a society
bud of a friend.
" 'Eon' Maclaren," he said.
"I've heard it pronounced 'Jan,' " corrected
a matured acquaintance.
"Yes, that's 'John' Maclaren," said a Michi
gan-avenue beau ideal.
"Permit me," said young Mr. Hisinbotham,
"he pronounces that name 'Van,' I believe."
And thus it went. Yon, Yaron, Jan. John,
Eron, lon, etc. And as the doctor never once
spoke the word, polite society is wondering
what in the Sam Hill is the right way of pro
nouncing the name.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Prince Mestchersky's newspaper, the Grazh
danin, has been suspended for a month by the
Russian authorities.
Harber, the great authority on fish, says
that every square mile of the sea is inhabited
by 120,000,000 finny creatures.
A boy born to Mr. and Mrs. Prescott during
the ringing of the curfew at Topeka, Kans.,
the other evening, lias been named Charles
Curfew Prescott.
Pillsbury, the brilliant young American
chess-player, will not challenge Showalter, al
though he would accept Showalter's chal
lenge for money to any amount over $1000.
The Prince of Savoy has been asked to name
one of the dolls for the bazaar to be held in the
parlors of the London Catholic Club for the
benefit of the Perpetual Adoration Society
and Work for Poor Churches.
Herbert Spencer's new work— volume 2 of
"The Principles of Sociology"— is nearly
through the press, and will be published in
this country as soon as the American edition
is ready for simultaneous publication.
The famous Kelmscott Press, at Hammer
smith, on which the late William Morris ex
pended such constant care and personal atten
tion, is about to be closed, no one having been
found to carry on his work. Wnen the few
books now on hand aro worked off no more
will be executed.
Fifty-six of the seventy-two British army
surgeons of Balaklava were entertained re
cently at the old Royal Hotel, Birmingham.
A prominent feature of the gathering was the
head, in a glass case, of Ronald, the iamous
charger upon which Lord Cardigan was
mounted in the daring charge.
Justice Hawkins has now completed
twenty years of service on the English bench,
he having been appointed a Judgo on Novem
ber 2, 1876, in succession to Justice Black
burn, who was madn a Lord of Appeal in
Ordinary. Sir Henry HawKlns ia over 73
years of age. He was admitted a student of
the Middle Temple as far back as April, 1839.
Caufobma glace uuits, 30c ib. XovrnseadV
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
♦ — ♦ — •
Husband's Calcined Magnesia— Four first-
premium medals awarded ; more agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other magne
sia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. *
Hundreds of factories idle during the siege
of free sliver measles have not only been
started up, but many are running day and
night. A mere mention of the fact suffices for
all prese&t purposes.— St. Louis Star.
"Mrs. Wldilow'« Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers fox' their children whlie Teething with per
fect success, it soothes the child, softens ihe gams,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates ibe Bowels
and Is the best remedy for Dlarrhceaa, whether aris
ing from teething or other causes. ior sale by drug
gists In every part or the world. Be sure and ante
ior Mrs. Winsiow's t-ootblug Syrup. iJ5c a botUe.
,■? That . time-honored preparation, Ay er'« Cherry
Pectoral, is still the medicine most in demand for
colds and congas. It always cures.
KENNA IS THE
CHAMPION
Outclasses His Field in the
Velodrome Cycling
Events.
He Won the Mile Handicap and
Made a New HaK-Mi!e
Record.
Wells and the Terrill Brothers Beaten
in the Professional Events.
Jon?s'Unpopulari ! y.
Tliat all the sport-loving public did not
attend the intercollegiate football • game
yesterday afternoon was evidenced by the
large crowd that was at the bicycle races
at the new Velodrome track. The stands
were all filled to overflowing and the
crowds yelled themselves hoarse over the
exciting racing and fast finishes. It was
a good day's sport, contested by all the
crack riders now here, and was well worth
seeing.
The appearance of Foster, Wells, Jones
and the Terrill brothers, when they came
oat for the events in which they were en
tered. Teas the signal for a liberal amount
of applause from the spectators, showing
1 heir popularity with the audiences, and
the same kindly reception was accorded
the amateur cracks, Kenna, Hamhn, Mott
and Birdsall.
The meet was handled by the same effi
cient corps of officials that managed tbe
previous meet, those officiating being:
Beferee, R. M. Welch ; Judares— H. 11. White,
E. B. Jerome, F. H. Kerrigan; timers— G. P.
Wetmore, G. H. Stratton, A. P. Swain; scor
ers—Sol Pelser, George Breuillet, H.D. Haden
feldt; umpires— Douglas White, J. 8. Egan, C.
E. Griffiths, R. S. Duncan; clerk of cour-e, R.
P. Aylward; assistants— Charles D. Petre,
David Marshall, A. W. Wehe; starter, R. C.
Lennie; announcer, George E. Dixon; mar-
Bhal, R. L. Long; handicapper, R. A. Smythe.
A couple of coast records were lowered
in speed trials, and the riders came dan
gerously near world's records. It is the in
tention of the Velodrome management to
roof the entire block at once, and then
with the wind shut off the world's recoids
will begin to fall and besides the comfort
of the audiences will be greater. The next
meet at tbe Velodrome will be on Satur
day afternoon, December 5.
The day's racing began with a two
thirds of a mile professional event, run in
three heats and a final, first two to qualify.
Arthur Boyden of the Reliance Club won
the first neat in clever style, beating Me-
Crea of Los Angeles, Dow of Seattle and
Edwards of the Olympic. Time, 1 :48 1-5.
Downing of San Jose beat Wells and
Harry Terrill, .Bay Cities, in the second in
1:37 35. Wells qualified by running sec
ond. Terrill, not entirely recovered from
his injuries of last Saturday, could do no
better than get third.
Jones, Olympic, Whitman of Los An
geles and "Bob" Terrill, Bay City, con
tested the third heat and finished in that
order in 1 :43 2-5. Terrill disappointed liis
admirers by not getting a place.
This brought six of the speediest "pros."
j into the final. The pace was none too fast
I until the last lap, when Boyden jumped
; to the front and secured a good lead, but
i the others were soon after and overtook
him. Downing ied at the tape, Wells
second, Me Crea third; time, 1:41.
Paced by a tandem manned by Dow of
San Jose and Byrne. Imperial, Walter F.
Foster, the professional champion, rode a
half-mile against time. They maae the
first lap in 18 3-5 seconds, two laps in 37
seconds, and tne half-mile in 56 2-5 sec
onds, a coast record. He could have
beaten this time several seconds had the
pacing been faster.
A match tandem race was then run, the
first of its kind ever held here, though
that style of racing prevails considerably
East. The contesting teams were S. B.
Vincent and C. A. Kraft, of the Bay City
[ Wheelmen, and Julius Smith and Gail
Hardenbrook, Garden City Cyclers. The
first-named team appeared dressed in
striped s-uits of old cold and crimson,
zebra-life but for the shades, and An
nounce George Dixon wittily remarked
they were worn because of the cold
weather. They did look "warm." The
other team was attired in somber black.
The race was run in two heats and a final.
The teams started at opposite ends of
the track. Before two laps had been rid
den in the first heat the chain on the San
Jose team's wheel broke, so a new start
had to be made. A new chain was secured
and another start made, but it again
broke. Later in the day a third trial was
made, when tbe chain on the Vincent-
Kraft wheel snapped, all of which amused
the people hugely. They got a new wheel
and on tbe fourth start all went well. The
teams went Hying around the track, first
one in the lead then the other, but the
Bay City boys gradually gained, winning
the heat by three seconds, their time be
ing 2:08 3-5.
Vincent and Kraft also won tbe second
heat, so no final was necessary, and they
were crowned the tandem kings of tbe
coast. The time of the second heat was
2:10. This is fast going for a standing
start unpaced.
The handicapper out Kenna, the ama
teur champion, on scratch, of course, in
the first heat of the mile amateur handi
cap, but it didn't take him a lap to over
take his field of four, and from then he
led to the tape. Hamlin of the San Fran
cisco Road Club gat second. Time
2:28 2-5.
The second heat went to the field. El
ford, Reliance, with 50 yards, winning in
2:29; Raynaud, Bay City, 6ft, second.
C. J. Birdsall, the California Club's
favorite, won the third heat from 40 yards
in 2:27 2-5; Norton, Bay City, second.
Kenna had the final well in hand be
fore two laps were ridden. He overtook
his field, played for position, set pace
took the lead at the right time and won
easily in 2:27 2-5. Birdsall was a good
second, Rnynaud third.
Never on a California racetrack has a
rider been hissed as roundly as was Allan
Jones of the Olympic Club Wheelmen in
the first heat of the two-mile handicap
professional, and he probably lost the bal
ance of his fast-disappearing DOtmlarky
by his unsportsmanlike conduct. "Bob"
Terrill was on scratch, Jones had 25 yards
and there was a field of five ahead oi
™ m> t i ie hrnit xnan being Metcalf with
JOO yards. Terrill soon caught Jones, and
the latter then purposely set a slow pace,
so as to ruin Terriil's chances of qualify
ing. When the latter realized this it was
too late to overcome the lead, though he
made a brave attempt to do so. Not satis
fied with this exhibition of meanness,
Jones let the limit men gain a lap on him,
and then paced them a way to Deat the
middle-mark men. The spectators were
not alow to see through it all, and every
time Jones passed the stand he was hissed
with n vehemence that left no doubt as to
the feelings ot the people toward him.
Boyden, with 140 yards, won the heat in
4:52 4-5; Dow, 60, second; Metcalf, 200,
third.
The second heat was a pretty ride,
though the people expressed some dis
pleasure because Harry Terrill did not set
pace. He is excusable, however, when his
serious injuries sustained last Saturday
aro considered. Terrill won from 40 yards
in 5:03; Whitman, 75, second; Wells,
scratch, third. Downing and Edwards did
not qualify. 4
The final was an exceptionally interest
ing ride. Long distance handicaps always
please the public, there is so much uncer
tainty and excitement attaching to them.
Wells and Harry TerriJl, the virtual
scratch men. exchanged pace and Whit
man, Dow, Boyden and Metcalf, the limit
men, did the tame for themselves. The
scratch men gave up what seemed a hope
less chase after the first mile. In the sprint
for home Whitman won, Metcalf second,
.Boyden third. Time. 4:50.
Walter F. Foster rode a mile against
time, living start, paced by Dow, Chap
man, Edwards and Byrne on the quad
ruplet machine. He made the mile in 1 :59
flat, which is remarkably fast but does not
touch the record.
Dixon, Kraft, Vincent and Loos, ama
teurs, tnen took the quad to pace K.enna,
the amateur champion, for a half mile. The
quad front tire exploded on the second
lap, bin Kenna went on alone, finishing
in 0/ 2-o seconds, which is a new coast
record. The following is the summary:
Two-thirds of a mile (scratch), prolessional:
Firs-heat-A. M. Boyden, Alameda, first ; 11.
£ McCrea, Bay Uty, second. Time, 1 :48 1-5.
Second heat— H. Downing. San Jose first-
C. S. Weils, Bay City, second Time? 37 3-5
Third heat— Allnn Jones, Olympic, first; D.
E. Whitman, Los Angeles, secoud. * Time!
Final heat— H. Downing, Garden City first-
C. S. Wells, Bay City, second; H. E McCreal
Bay City, third. Time, 1:41. -"-v-rea,
Two-mile handicap, professional • First
heat— A. M. Boyden, Alameda, first. 140vardst
C. E. Dow, Seattle, second, 60 yards- 1 : Met
calf. Imperial, third, 200 yards. Time
4 :52 4-5. '
Second heat— H. F. Terrill. Bay City, first
40 yards; D. E. Whitman, Los Angeles, second'
75 yards; C. S. Wells, Bay City, third, scratch'
Time, 5:03.
Final heat— D. E. Whitman, Los Angelec
first, 75 yards: P. Metcalf, Imperial, second,
200 yards; A. M. Boyden, Alameda, third, 140
yards. Time, 4:50.
One-mile handicap, amateur: First heat— J.
R. Kenna, Bay City, first, scratcti ; Georue M.
Hanilin, San Francisco Road Club, second, 25
yards. Time, 2 :28 2-5.
Second heat— B. H. Elford, Reliance, first, 50
yards; B. C. Raynaud, Bay City, second, Go
yards. Time, 2:29.
Third heat-C. J. Birdsall first, 40 yards; F.
L. Norton, Bay City, second, 65 yards. Time,
2:27 2-5.
Final heat— J. R. Kenna, Bay City, first,
scratch: C. J. Birdsall, California, second, 40
yards; B. C. Rnynuud, Bay City, third, 60
yards. Time, 2 :27 2-5.
Tandem match race, best two in three heats,
between Ju.ius Smith and Gail HardenbrooJt,
Garden City Cyclers, and Charles Kraft and S.
B. Vincent, Bay City Wheelmen— First heat
won by Kraft and Vincent. Time, 2:08 2-5.
Second heat won by Kraft and Vincent.
Time, 2:10.
One mile, exhibition — Walter F. Foster,
paced by the quad. Time. 1:59.
Half mile, exhibition — Waiter F. Foster,
paced by the quad. Time, :56 2-5.
Half mile, trial against time— J. R. Kenna,
paced by the quad. Time, :57 2-5.
Half mile tandem, trial against the Ameri
can amateur record, by George E. Dixon and
\V. L. Loos, unpaced. Time, :57 2-5.
NOT EVENLY DISTRIBUTED.
Things never evenly befall,
'Moogst men, though we are brothers.
Thannsglving was designed for all,
But some have more than others.
— Washington Star.
NO STAMP-STIKING.
New York Telegram.
A very good suggestion has been made anent
the postofflce and its methods. This sticking
stamps on letters is something simply dread
ful. If some one would devise a means of
avoiding it without cheating Uncle Sam out of
his 2 cents he would make an everlasting for
tune and have his graven image set up in
Central Park as a token of gratitude.
Women do not care to put their tongue* to
the stamps, so they moisten the envelope with
their tongues instead. The whole plan is
crude and disagreeable.
But suppose a man has 200 letters to send.
To put a stamp on each one requires time, and
time is money. You may possibly lose the
mail because you are compelled to go through
this "gum stick 'em" process.
Tbe suggestion is this: That we ought to
have the same privileges in this country
which prevail in England. We have a sort of
divine right to the best of everything, and
Congress ought not to deprive us of a single
jot or tittle. Over yonder a man may do up a
bundle of letters, send them to the office with
the postage money, and the clerk simply
stamps "Paid" on them, and the thing is
done.
That is a good idea, and if at the next ses
sion of Congress this matter of general comfort
can be taken up and considered, aa Byron
said, "all the world and his wife" will be
grateful. ______^_^_^_
The heavens are becoming clouded with the
smoke of the mills that have started ur> now
that McKiniey is elected, the honesty of our
money assured, and a protective tariff is about
to be enacted.— Springfield Union.
Alum # is properly a
dye stuff. Lime is
properly used in tan-
ning. Neither should
be used in bread. Yet
it is positively true that
most all the cheaply
made baking powders
contain these harmful
ingredients used simply
because they are cheap,
and utterly regardless
of their dangerous
character. The cheap
powders thereby be-
come the infamous
means whereby the un-
suspecting are deluded
and injured.
In all English coun-
tries and in some of out
States it is unlawful to
put alum in bread. The
ROYAL
BAKING
POWDER
is free from alum and
lime — it is absolutely
pure.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW-YORK.i 8%« .„,„ (fall
. t'1t1DAY........;..-.........50vji.v 27, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
: • ' lUldwix Theatre — "An American Citizen."
• California Theater.— La Lola Fuller, to
morrow night.
■ Columbia Thkatkk— •'Humanity." '.•
. >iOKoeco's Opfba-Housk— • Hearts of Oak."
.- . Oivoi.i Ci-kra Hocsk.— -Donna Jaanlla."
„ • ORPHKUM-High-Claaa Vaudeville.
.>• tteH^f;"™*" ™*»»— T. A. Kennedy,
■*. **•-*. *-*3 puuilSl*
° : "ii«£Si C , HUTKS aso Skatino Rixk.— Dally at
•.... 111 street, one block east of the Park.
.■• .. IkßWio BATHS-B«thtn? and performance*
. . .Oakland Rack Track.— Races to-day.
" .V AUCTION SALES.
Ft Cook & Co.— day, November 27. Chlna
• »re, at 123 Kearny st., ai 2 o'clock. :
• By Chas. JuKvy <t Co.— This day, November 27,
..• Furniture at ealesroom, 1136 aiarket street, at 10
• o'clock.
•. -« T . Rro * F. Lavson- This day, November 27,
. Furniture, at I*l7 Post street, at 11 o'clock.
. ... B . V Madiqax & Co.— This day, November 27,
• VV aeons, etc., at 1122 Mission street.
' • _ By ' c - *'• Kuvino— Saturday, November 28,
Furniture, rtt 802 Montgomery St.. at 1 o'clock.
• . By Kaston & Eldbimk.- Tuesday, December
..• 1. Beat K stale, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
• -12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
TUe Inmates oi the City Prison had & dinner
of yirkey aud pudding yesterday.
Mrs. Hartforth of 311 Waller street claims
to have been attacked by a burglar.
The late heavy rains did considerable dam
age to the highways of the Richmond district.
Tropical, Elmer F, Alma, J 0 C. Sa'isbury II
and Howard were the winners at Oakland yes
"_ terday.
The late raia has had the effect of choking
tlje sewers in the Richmond dlstricc with sand
and debrib.
' . T*he weather bureau predicts partly cloudy
jreataer, with fresh northwest wind and cold
air for to-.iay.
. . George D. Long, the popular young society
man, has written a four-act drama entitled "A
Mortal Ghost."
Several exciting and closely contested games
Tvere played in the San Francisco Handball
.Court yesterday.
Mrs. Sarah Owens Spencer, chief witness
against Yon Tiedemau f>>r perjury, is reported
■ to-be dying at the Lick House.
There was a iair attendance to -witness the
coursing events at Ingleside and Ocean View
yesterday, and the hares ran well.
George Iremaln is detained in the prison
. tanks >n connection vcith the death of an un
known woman who lies at the Morgue.
Miss Lucy Wiles and Frederick Yatos were
.-married last evening at the residence of Mr.
. and Mrs. Thomas K.lrkpatrick, 1013 Steiner
street.
.William Greer Harrison will start at G o'clock
this morning to walk to San Jos-, expecting to
.make the distance, fifty miles, in fourteen
■ hours.
An unknown man about! 35 years of age
committed suicide in Golden Gate Park yester
day morning by swallowing a dose of mor
phine.
Ti;e Volunteers of America gave a sump
tuous dinner yesterday at the old Y. M. C. A.
Hall, on Sutter street, to 1000 deserving boys
and girls.
The burlesque extravaganza, "In Kokopo,"
■ was presented last night at the Auditorium by
the Berkeley students to a crowded house. It
was well received.
Walter P. Hobart has received eighteen
•crack horses and ponies from the East and en
tered them for the show. Some of them are
sure prize-winnera.
A gymnastic exhibition was given by the
combined classes of the school of physical
culture of the San Francisco Turn-Verein in
Turner Hall last night.
A rather good crowd of sportsmen witnessed
the match shooting contest at Alameda Point
yesterday between four of the leading blue
rock shooters of the State.
, The Sisters of the Holy Family fed 600 chll
• oren yesterday afternoon at a Thanksgiving
dinner, which took place at the convent, cor
ner of Hayes and Fillmore streets.
Bishop .Newman preached an effective ser
mon yesterday at the Central M. E. Church on
"Tne Mission of Our Nation." All the Metho
dist churches in the City took part in the
services.
The winter exhibition of the San Francisco
; Art Association will be inaugurated at the
Mark Hopkins Institute next Tnursday even
ing. All work for display must be sent In by
November 28.
The bicycle races at tbe Wodrome track
yesterday drew large crowds. Kenna won the
I amateur event and Downing and Whitman the
professional races. Two new coast records
were established.
D. H. Patten, a salesman living on Polk and
O'Farrell streets, was discovered In the back
• yard of l>r. Albert Hiller's residence, 1011
Butter street, last night, and the police are In
vestigating the case.
The Board of Health will meet with the
committee of the Board of Education this
morning and the necessity of closing several
• schools in the Mission on account of diphtheria
will be determined upon.
• The Legislature will be asked to amend the
police pension acj, so as to cover the case of
Chief Crowley ana abolish the condition that
an officer must be sixty years of age before he"
can get a pension on retiring.
Burt Shephard and George Thatcher ex
changed a few blows in the lobby of the Or
pheum Wednesday night, over the fact that
bhephard had a papier mache bu3t of himself
made and Thatcher had none.
The battle-snij» Oregon will shortly go on the
great naval drydock at Port Orchard, wnere
she wi 1 be provided with bilge-keels, as the
Navy Department has ascertained that she
rolls too deeply without them.
Frank Knor, a boy 8 years of age, living at
ltfO/ Devisndero street, tad his right leg
, caught in the wheel oi a sand wagon last
evening and so badly crushed that it had to
be amputated at the Receiving Hospital.
The steamer l'oint Arena arrived yesterday
• -with thirty-seven survivors of the lost San
•.Uenito. First Officer Olsen and Seamen An
• derson. Lilleltnd and Axel Hennckson of
the l'oint Arena will be recommended for
"life-saving medals.
Rev. Dr. Sebbinsin his Thanksgivingsermon
yesterday, denounced the Board of School
Director*, trying they had applauded a
teacher who held clandestine relations with a
millionaire, iie said he felt no jealousy of
, the Roman Catholic Church and is surprised
to see the common schools and a powerful sa
loon element thrive side by side.
A large crowd was present at the Presidio
Athletic grounds to see an exciting and close
game of baseball between the Will <fe Finck
apd Presidio nine, the latter winning by a
score of 4to 2. The features of the game were
the battery work of Peddcord and Noyes and
. the home run of Vinyard of the Presidios.
They will play again next Sunday for $100 a
side.
The second annual dinner given by the
Bietermec of the Edison Light and Power
Company took place last evening at the Cafe
St. Germain. The dinner proved a most en
joyable affair, and the numerous songs and
speeches carried the hours along most hap
pily. Among those present were: Walter J.
Hyde, Cyril E. Holt (toaatmaster), Kmil Bey«r
G. W. Thompson, Ed A. Quinn, Charles Hen
ninjr, Joseph F. Guinee and Thomas Christie.
NEW TO-DAT.
Humors
TTVERY humor, - whether .* Itching, burning,
Jj bleeding, scaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
■whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from
Infancy to age, are now speedily cured by, ;
(Uiicura
Resolvent
A BKIX and ■ blood purifier of incomparable ;
-£*• purity and curative power.. Purely vegeta-
ble, safe, innocent, and palatable.. It appeals to;
all, and especially mothers, nurses, and children.'
Sold throughout the world. ' Price. CimctmA, «"e.'i
bOAr, 25e. t oLT«!rr. Me. «nd $1. Porr«« D«c«
*'JL<r"*" Coar., So'e Prop*.. Boston. ,-,- \ '.
. W" How to Cure Blood aa4 SUn Humor*,"
BISHOP NEWMAN TALKS ON
AMERICA'S NATIONAL IDEA
Mission of the Nation as Indicated by the Past
History and Present Condition
of the World
Foreigners Must Cease to Be
Such and Must Become
Americans.
REPUBLICS WILL BE TMPIEES.
i
Private Virtue and Pubic Morality
the S f. guards of the Nation
for All Time-
Many good Christians were grievously
disappointed yesterday because they could
noc get an opportunity of hearing Bishop
Newman speak.
The Central Methodist Church was too
small to bold them and they were oblijjpd
to leave by the hundreds. Those who
secured standing room considered that
they were fortunate. The aisles and lob
bies were packed with people and the nn
fortunate ones near the door were obliged
to content themseives with hearing one
word in five uttered by the reverend
speaker.
The occasiou was the annual services of
the united Methodist Episcopal churches
of San Francisco, under the direction of
Rev. John Coyle, D.D. Flowers and palms
in profusion on the pulpit platform and
the naileries lent to the interior a holiday
appearance. After Scripture reading and
other devotional exercises, in which Rev.
John Stevens. Key. Dr. Kummer, Rev. Dr.
F. F. Jeweli, Rev. Dr. J. W. Phelps and
Rev. 1)t. W. \\ . Case took part, Bishop
Newman faced the big audience and began
his sermon. His theme was "Our Coun
try's Mission" and his text Psalm
cxlvii:2o, "He hath not dealt so with any
nation."
The Bishop is a man of fine personal ap
pearance and enjoys the advantage of a
clear, sweet voice. Hia remarks were
effective and his most striking periods
were greeted with unrestrained hand
clapping.
He at once plunged into the subject.
They had assembled for the purpose of
rendering thanksgiving to Alrniehty God
for the racial blessings which He had
showered upon the American nation. By
the voice of one man this day has been
hushed into a national Sabbath, and the
prayer of praise was rising from ocean to
ocean ; from the prairies of the North to
the Savannahs on the South.
Then he went on to say that gratitude
is one of the noblest sentiments of the
human soul. It acknowledged the depen
dence of man on the Alraigaty. The Al
mighty could endure any sin against him
rather than that of the ingrate, and the
man who forgot to-day to render thanks
would be an object of pity. We should
not only acknowledge the blessings on the
nations, but on our families as well. ■
America is the great granary- of - the
world. ' While there was a widespread fa
mine in India there was plenty o! grain
in America, and our mission now is to
stand as the helper of the world. This
nation is so great within itself that we
could live in . sweet peace under our own
balmy skies aud under our own stars ana
stripes.
The Bishop next mentioned the politi
cal crisis through which the Nation has
just passed, and said that it was hard to
realize the precipice upon which we were
standing. But the people were tru? to
the voice of God and loyal to the old flag,
and they gave an expression of opinion
that has made the country safe to-day.
It was this sentence which evoked tne
first round of handclap ping received by
the speaker.
Continuing Bishop Newman said:
There is as much prophecy in history as there
is in the lamentations of Jeremiah. We.are
situated in a zone in the middle of which runs
the beaten track of civilization. There is some
thing in geography after all. - Rome gave law
to the world, Palestine gave a Savior to man
kind, and then going down the stream of time
to modern history Germany gave a Luther to
religion and Italy gave a Michael Angelo and
a Raphael to art.
From within this narrow zone Spain sent
Columbus to discover this continent. France
has added much to the intellectuality of the
world, and England— dear old England, grand
old England— controls the commerce of the
world. Here in this zone lies America. There
is no power to the right ot to the left or out
side o! the zone to the north or to the south
that she need fear. It is too far. south to be
bound in perpetual chains of the hoary frost
and too far north to sink under the enervat
ing beat. It is too far from the belligerent
powers of the Old World ever to fall an easy
victim to them. . .
' We have a river navigation that cannot be
excelled, a soil that produces everything that
man can desire, our mountains teem with
minerals and there is a waste of wealth be
neath our endless skies.
It is very easy to ask ourselves what is the
mission of this nation and then glance at the
great fact of' the founders of this Republic.
Our fathers began where other nations left off.
They stood on the eminence .of the ages. They
centered in themselves all the culture, all the
statesmanship, all the possibilities of national
life.' How different, indeed, 1% the origin of
other nations! Go to the valley of the Eu
phrates, where once stood Babylon and Nine
veh ; take Egypt, with its sculptured sphinxes,
its towering pyramids, its beautiful obelisks;
survey the ruins ol Karnac and of Thebes and
you will find that gran-1 old - Egypt contains
to-day a despised portion of the human race.
Pass Into Greece, which | has really given us
the curriculum ;of our -universities and* the
immortal Socrates, and we * find a people de
scended from a race of cannibals; pass along
the banks of the Tiber, where extended a vast
empire from the Euphrates to the Western
Ocean, and we find a nation descended from a
band of savages. The Englishman of to-day is
descended from a band of painted barbarians
that Julius Caesar found when he -invaded
Great Britain. ■ It : was reserved for us to com
mence the world where other nations ended.
Nowhere was gathered so much of conscience,
so much of intellect, of national possibilities,
as in the constitutional convention which
framed that great instrument, the Declaration
of Independence, the greatest and highest in
history..
Of the fifty-nine men who composed that
convention, twenty-nine were from the uni
versities of Glasgow, of Edinburgh, oi Oxford,
of Cambridge, of Harvard, ■of Yule and Old
Princeton, and of those who were not college
men . there ' was Washington, rising in superb
majesty above them all, and yet they were
men of imperial intellect. Never before was
seen, even yin ; Jewish Sanhedrim, such a
scholarship, such varied , accomplishments,
such splendid personal prowess to give direc
tion to all humanity. He who is sometimes
called "The Father of Our Constitution," the
great Madison; whose imagination borrowed
its light from the stars, was there, and by his
side sat Hamilton, who could write In lines of
light and speak in sentences of fire, whose
magnificent eloquence could raise rhetoric
into logic and metaphor into argumont.
Parallel it if you can ; find a correspondence
to it in history. Dare we not, therefore, say
that providence bad a part in the composition
of our political affairs?: These were men who
bad the robust courage In their souls, who
dared to lose their all if it should be necessary
in the cause of right.'- .HSS£S!ft?¥£ESBBBBnHK
I challenge you, scholars that you are in po
litical economy, to ' contradict : the > assertion
that since their day nothing has been added.
Circumstances * have : been ; modified. There
have been . charges here and there, but the
ultimate truth of human right expressed in
that magnificent declaration that ail men are
created free and equal, cannot be modified or
added to. Then .they gave us a constitution
which could be modified by -the exigency of
the times, while its organic frame remains in
tact In its efficiency and power.iaKSjßSßKMqtf
It was a revolution for the whole world, for
all men and all places. Never before was this
universal conception bo emphasized, that men
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1596.
are equal and that God Is the father of us all.
Thoee are the finger points, the indexes of
this great Nation. There is another sublime
indication that we have a mission worthy oi
our highest regard for fitting all the Notions
for tLeir fullest development and the individu
ality of man for the maintenance of his per
sonal rights, his property, his reputation, his
life, his liberty and his happiness.
This jvas the great dream of the fathers, and
it ought to be our dream to-day. It is true
that these men had the courage to do what no
other founders cf a nation presumed to do;
namely, to declare that our rights are not
grants from superiors to inferiors, but that
they grew out of the constitution it-elf. Take
tiie Magna Charter ot Knglatid. What was
that? It was a grant from a superior to an in
ferior—from old King John, wrested from him
by the force of thu barons; yet H was limited
and restricted for a class, and not applicable
for a whole people. Then come down to the
petition of right, the bulwark of English lib
erty, from CharUs the First. It was an exten
sion oi the Mugna Charter and a grant frum a
superior to an inferior.
But our rights come from no King John or
Charles the First, but from God Altnishiy,
who is God over all and blessed forever. They
said that the maintenance ol this peculiar
constitutional rifrhi was not in legislation nor
in commercial affairs, but In the conscience of
the people. So to-day whit a splendid exam
ple we are to the world for an exhibition of
this moral furco.
Here are 70,000.000 of people without a
standing army. Tho absolute safety of life,
limb and property in our preat cities— in your
own beautiful city, San Francisco, in Phila-
Bishop Newman Preaching to the Congregation of the First Methcd'st, Church.
delpia,' In Washington and in Chicago— ls a
miracle. What is the force that pro nets us ?
The police force? You can rarely find a po
liceman when you want him. Is it in a .--.mul
ing army of 25,000 men to protect 70,000,000
of people * No. It Is the fact that every
! American citizen ii a soldier, so that if an in
surrection occurs vie will put it down; if a re
bellion occurs we will suppress it: If a foreign
j foe invades our shore* we will protect our
! shores to the last man ; if the cry of war comes
| the Dattlu-cry of the Republic will be heard
j again: "We will rally round the flog boys,
I we'll rally once again." '
The founders of our Republic had the cour-
I age to say that intelligence is essential to the
j perpetuity of the Republic. Therefore, by
I the side of the church they planted the school
j bouse; alongside tne Bible the spelling-book.
The fathers knew that the Kepuolic required
intelligence. In the Republic likewise there
must be the highest intelligence. Every man,
woman and child must learn to read and write,
and especially the constitution of the United
States. They paid deference to intelligence
j and made early preparation for the develop
i ment of the young intellect. They were saga
clous and knew that knowledge is power.
All hail to those glorious men who had the
courage to say that there is a moral force that
is essential to the scientific colleges and that
this may be found in the holy Bible which
speaks its wisdom and love before the rising
generation. These men, went a step farther
and said that there must be recognition of in
dependence of conscience; that- it must be
free from dictation of prince or government;
that while the mosque of the Mohammedan,
the pagoda of the Buddhist and spires of the
Catholics with their Images and paintings of
the Virgin may be reared in the midst of us
no form of religion shall be allowed to work
Injury to the body politic and that no form of
religious ceremony shall be tolerated which
shah be contrary to the private virtue or the
public morality of the people.
Therefore, these men, rising head and
■boulders above their ace and above all the
past, anticipated the future by announcing
these great principles to us. • .
There are, however, two or , three dangers
that threaten us. One Is the tendency of some
of our statesmen who suppose that the essen
tial conservative' power of : government is in
the genius of government— in its form. Sec
ondly they say that our safety is in the re
publican iorm of government; but they fail to
recognize the fact that there are as many
ruined republics along the shores of time as
there are monarchies. :': '.
The fate of republics Is empire. The three
fatal sisters are always on our heels. The mis
take ; is .to suppose < that our republic is the
only one. , For 600 years the Hebrews lived
under a republican form of government. Then
came empire. The Greeks hud a republic once
then came the Persians. The happiest days of
old: Rome were those when Cornelia could
point to her sons and say: "These are mv
jewels." " In ■ the simplicity of , those ■: days— in
the republican simplicity there was a martial
prowess and a national courage that defied all
assaults. . Then came . the man that dared to
cross the Rubicon, and the fate of the republic
became empire. ; , /.. ■ ' .•;-. . .  .
Have you it In your power to reverse the ver
dict of history? The martyr of to-day be
comes the prophet of to-morrow. With our
cosmopolitan population, with the influence of
Europe upon us, with the dream of the anarch
ist in our midst, can we say that the ocean was
never = dug for America's grave, or the moun
tains reared for its tombstone, or the winds for
its winding sbect?flDSSßGHttMNsßMpier,
; Let us remember another great fact : that
1 seems 10 portend evil, and that is the coming
of the stranger. Our fathers attempted to
solve this most difficult of - all problems— the
fusion, of incesi I \ bare no : prejudice against
the stranger. The stranger ■la the benefactor
of mankind. ...... ■ . . ■ -.. ■
Ta' ° our own history in illustration of this
act. Montgomery, an Irishman, died lor us
at the gates of Quebec, Kosciuskoat Savannah,
and the great Hamilton was horn In the West
Indies. You and I should have no prejudices
against the stranger. : Washington was aided
by strangers -in organizing his ( patriot - army.
We should have no prejudices against the
stranger, but we : should" demand of .the
stranger one thing, nnd that is that he should
be an American [continued applause]; that ne
should difidrentlate himselt from all other
nations on the face of the earth. We demand
of the German that, though born In Germany,
he should cease to be a German and become an
American. We demand of the Irishman that,
though born In Ireland — dear old Ireland—
[laughter], the best country In the world to
emigrate from [laughter], he should cease to
be an Irishman and become an American. 'J be
same of the Italian and the Frenchman.
- I would have this fusion of races into one—
Americanism— and I would have only one flag;
under our sky if I had my way. [Applause.]
So you will not accuse me to-day of being a
Know-Nothing. [Laughter.] - I am simply an
American and I am proud ot that, and I want
all others to be Americans in their political
sentiments and in the manifestations or their
rights. • ■ •
We are in danger because of these human
tides that are pourin* in upon us. Let them
come, but while they do come they should be
reminded that they must •be , Americans.
Though I would not insist, that they should
stay here as long as I, au American born, was
compelled to stay here before I became a citi
zen, yet I would like to see that day come.
[Applause.]
How richly providence has ■ blessed us be
| yond other nations of the earth ! : It Is not pos
sible to consider this point in a decade or a
cycle. We must sweep through the majesty of
one hundred years. Take a century, and see
j how this Nation has been developed and how
, our influence has been controlling the nations
!of the world. Cathtrlne II of Russia put out
the light ot liberty in Poland and carried her
despotism into Turkey and Persia. Today
Russia is the most splendid European country,
largely so because she is not understood, ;but
if you examine her to-day, with her temples of
learning, her temples of justice and: her
ho'usesof mercy, with a Queen on the throne
with English blood in: her veins, ana if you
examine her uiagntScent army, you will agree
with me that Russia is a great power.
Pass to Germany, where aboutJlOO years ago
Frederick the Great was on the throne
as a soldier to be admired, but as a prince to
be despised— find the lower house of the
German Parliament composed of citizens
elected by the suffrages of the people; in other
words, recognition of the individual, while
upon the German throne is a prince young in
years and of much intelligence, who will not
be dictated to by others, a prince of con
science who has the courage to be his own
chaplain when the priest ir absent, and who
has a spouse who goes zrom house to house on
errandß of mercy.
Let us look at Austria, which has the most
liberal constitution of any government in Con
tineutal Europe outside of England — a coi>
htitutlou that was drawn by n Protestant
statesman which secures liberty of the press,
liberty of speech, of marriaee and of religion.
A Hapsbnrg is still on the throne. This PHme
Hnpsburg, Francis Joseph 11, had the cour
, age to say to tbe Poniift', "I cannot allow any
man to stand between my conscience ami my
God."
One hundred years ago France was governed
by n Louis without fame and without shame,
and to-day France is a republic. To-day the
French are content because the Frenchman
has had a change. Give tbe Frenchman,
whether in heaven or earth or hell, a change,
and he is satisfied. [Laughter.]
Pass over Into old England. Not long since
a man died there who had spent his life for
the ext&sion of the franchise in the recogni
tion oi individuality. That Quaker statesman
wits denied burial in Westminster Abbey.
When those who denied that honor to that
statesman are dead the name of John Bright
will Jive. [Applause.] To-day England and
America should Join hands for tiie conquest
of tne world and for the highest civilization.
While it is England's province to plant com
mercial colonies all around the globe, it is our
mission to oo something better, to give ideas
to Americans, to overthrow tyranny, and to
elevate the people to the highest civilization.
That is glory enough for one people. Ills
our mission to demonstrate the individuality
of man at the equator and at the poles— man
whether black, white or yellow— man created
in the image of God. Then shall come the
parliament of the world and the congress of
nations.
On the slopes of the Hudson a man dreamed
of & supreme court of last resort before whose
power the nations of the earth should bend,
and he dreamed of the glorious time foretold
when the sword should be beaten into plow
shares and the spear into pruning hooks This
man anticipated that the time should come
when this parliament shall be convened, when
representatives shall come from the Congo,
the Jordan, the Danube, the Rhine, the Seine ,
the Thames, the Hudsou and the Mississippi,
and shall resolve that war shall be no more,
for all men are brothers, and that the great
force ot humanity is private virtue and pub
lic morality.
Doxology, silent prayer, and a benediction
by Bishop Newman followed, and tbe large
congregation was dismissed.
Amputated His Leg.
. Frank Knor, a boy i eight ■• years .of ige,
living with his parents : at 1507 Devisadero
street, met with ; a sad accident last even
ing. • He and another boy were stealing a'
ride on a sand wagon, and when on Fulton
street, near Devisadero, Knor tin? pad off. ;
( In doing so nia^ right * foot caught in ; the
spokes of the wheel and was badly crushed
before the wagon was stopped.
> The ". boy •; was taken jto the :- Receiving
Hospital, where it ■ was found that ■ both
bones of the right leg near the ankle were
so badly crushed that Dr. Weil considered
amputation necessary. "Tne \ boy was put ■
untie- anesthetics and the operation per- 1
formed.
A CHARGE OF A
NEW SIX HUNDRED
An Army of Babies Make
an Attack Upon
Turkey.
The Annual Dinner Given by
the Sisters of the Holy
Family.
Children of tbe Poor Surround Tables
Burdened With Good
Things
Six hundred happy little ones, ranging
from 2 to 10 years, were assembled at the
Holy Family Convent, corner of Hayes
and Fillmore streets, yesterday afternoon
to eat and enjoy a Thanksgiving dinner
prepared for tnem by the sisters.
Exactly at 2 o'clock the little ones
marched to the refectories two by two,
their little toddling feet keeping good
time to the march played on tbe piano by
Mrs. A. B. Collins. The children were as
well drilled and orderly as an army of
soldiers, reflecting great credit upon the
good sisters. The latter had every reason
to be proud of their charges and more
tbfin deserved tbe manj compliments
heaped uponithem by the couple of hun
dred visitors. At a signal the children bat
at the table, but many of them were so
small that they had to be lilted and put in
hieh chairs, where they sat and gazed in
wonderment at the array of goodies placed
before them.
How silently they sat with lowered
head, and little clasped hands as Arch
bishop Riordan entered and said tbe
prayer of grace! Then came the moment
lor the children to indulge their appetites,
and such appetites as developed. Thirty
great, big, Jat turkeys graced the tables,
but soon thirty carcasses were visible,
stripped of the last shred of meat. The
turkeys didn't seem to mind b*ing de
voured by the little ones at all. But there
was lots else besides the turkeys, in fact
they became a minor consideration when
tbe great dishes of cranberry sauce, look
ing redder than usual — for the sauce
seemed to realize it was showing the Stan
ford color— loomed up before the youthful
eyes, and soon little faces from forehead
ITEW TO.PAT.
Pure baking
powder when
stirred in hot
water leaves
tHe water clear
and ■ without
sediment
Try yours-or
Trophy
just for fun. v
"^  ' • TiUxaanu ft Bcndc^Mfri. "\
to chin were smeared with red sauce. But
the little ones didn't let much of it get
away, for oh ! it tasted so good.
Then the hot buns, mixed fruits and the
pies— such great round pies— filled with
such good mince meat, and then the
squash pies. There was one little chap
with a huee piece of mince pie in one
hand and a piece of squash in the other, and
his mouth tilled with both, who inquired
of one of the sisters if there wasn't any
candy. There are some little boys very
hard to satisfy, and he was one of
those boys. But then he was such a hun
gry little boy, and the way he ate every
thing in sight proved that goodies weren't
an every-day diet with him.
Many a day, indeed, these children
would not get a dry crust were it not for
the generosity of the sisters— for the chil
dren come from the poorer classes, and
when they assemble each day at tbe
homes of Sacred Heart, St. Joseph and
St. Francis they are led and often clothed
by the sisters. As a rale the parents are
neglectful and in many cases both the
lather and mother are drunkards and the
only kind words the children ever bear
come from the lips ot the sisters. Days
ago the sisters told tbe children of the
good time they were to have on Thanks
giving day and many preparations had
been made for the feast that the little ones
enjoye<t yesterday.
One little eirl was in tears — her name
was Pearl Carter and sbe was as black as
the night — her curly black hair done up in
a dozen pigtails, tied with a St. Patrick
ribbon.
Pearl was inconsolable, for a little girl
who sat next to her and was as white as
Pearl was black bad taken Pearl's orange
and before Pearl could rescue it had taken
a big bite out of it. There were several
little black girls present, Marguerite
Snowden, a little lass of about 4 years,
being conceded by all to be the belle in
her particular circle.
Each child was decorated with a ribbon ;
these belonging to the Sacred Heart home
wore a red ribbon, those from St. Joseph's
wore pink, and the children of the Home
of St. Francis were designated by a blue
ribbon.
The priests present were Reverend Fath
ers Prendergast, Wynian, Santandreu,
Cullen, Quinn and Dempsey.
Prominent among the ladies who as
sisted the sisters in serving the children
were: Mrs. Richard Tobin, the Misses
Tobin, Mrs. James O'Brien, Mrs. Eaward
Uorrigan of Chicago, Mrs. J. F. Sullivan,
Mrs. Edward May, Harriet Skidmore,
Laura McKinstry, Mrs. and the Misses
Low, Laura Brer.nan, Mrs. Dr. Pescia,
Mrs. McMahon, Mrs. Montealegre and
many others.
The decorations were particularly beau
tiful, many boxes of flowers having been
received from San Jose and other interior
towns.
For the past twelve years the sisters
have given a dinner each Thanksgiving to
the children of their homes, and at each
succeeding year the children increase in
numbers. The first dinner the sisters at
tempted but sixteen children were pres
ent, and yesterday there were COO.
To tne charitably inclined the sisters
feel most grateful for the generous dona
tions received by them these last few
days.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
Tel. main 49. Furniture moved reasonably.*
Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, Santa Fe
route, will continue to run daily through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through rates to all
points in tbe United States, Canada, Mexico or
Europe. Kxcnrslons through Boston leave every
week. San Francisco ticket ollice, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone wain 1531
Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
♦ —♦ —*
Phillips' Rock Island Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Bio
Grande and Rock Island Railways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
«ger and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston- For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
Oeneral Agent nock Island Railway, 80 Mont
gomery street. Mm Francisoo.
■ — » — m
Through Car to St. Paul and Minneapolis
An elegantly upholstered tourist-cax leaves Oak
land every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock for all
points In Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No change of cars. Dtning-cars on all trains. Come
and get our rates if you expect to make a trip to
any Eastern poln:. T. K. B;ateler, General Agent
Northern Pacific By. Co., 638 Market street, B, F.
(ohokatio.— Atmosphere is perfuctly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon lurtlier north. Eonnd-trip t'.ckets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at the Hotat del
Coronado, ?«5: longer stay $2 SO per day. Apply
4 .New Montgomery St., San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. « o H i™Ii™-
EXTRA ! BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT !
Ixtra! Two Final Performances!
LA LOIE
LA LOIE Fuller.
LA LOIE
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:30. SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8:30.
These Are Positively the Farewell Performances. Seats Now R eady at Box Office
tMDLAnatR.OOTTU)D« g>- u»r3Anorvuvw«i--
THINK ' "~1 AND AT
OF IT ! I SUCH PRICES!
JOSEPH GRISSER-PHOK DAYIES.
The Greatest of Melodramas,
HUMANITY I
1 20 Horses— Foxhounds— so People— And '
All the Thrilling, Realistic and , Brilliant Scenes.
Monday— "THE NEW SOUTH."
At the Request of Hundreds.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOBOSCO... SoIe Lessee and Manager
' I . : — — ; . : . . .
DON'T FAIL TO SEE— —
HEENE'B Beautiful Domestic Drama, .
"HEARTS OF OAK!"
A Splendid Cast! Realistic Wreck Scene I
Grand Stage Pictures!
Fvrnlne Prices— lUo, 25c and SUo.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. .
' O'Farrell st, bet. Stockton and Powell. ' •
Belasco, Jordan A i a Faille, Lessees & Managers
A INANIMOIIS VERDICT,
"THEBfcUT PLAY IN VJEAKSI "
The Modern (Society. Drama. ' .'..
••THE END OF THE CENTURY t"
Night— 15c, 26c, 85c. 60c. "; : Matinees— 15c, 25c, 33;
Telephone Black 881. -..-•- ■
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
T. A. KENNEDY ; . ; ;. 1.....'. ;.. ; :;-. sole Proprietor
-I-;. ENGAGEMENT ' EXTRAORDINARY!*— -
. Another Startling Sensation ! :
TO-NIGHT,: NOVEMBER 87—
T. .A.. EELE3>ri^rjE333Tr,
.- ' • ' • Prince of Hypnotists.
: . ■: Will Introduce a Number or
HANDSOME LADY SUBJECTS !
Pr'.ces-10c, 15c-, < 25c, 50c. Mat. Sat. and Sun.—
;-' : 10c and 25c. y- Lon't Miss It.'VJjOM of >"un.
PHI IT PQ' °. nei Dally From Noon to Mid-
\* ■*. »-» ; I *— O . night. Adults lOc.Children 6c.
•'A"-ion," rirri. Animntoscope-KKEE !
.... Skating Kink Open Rain or Shino.
BIG MLLOOS AMHSIOI M SUM*!
vbw to-day;
Poor
Pilgarlic;
there is no need for you
to contemplate a wig
when you can enjoy the
pleasure of sitting again
under your own "thatch."
You can begin to get
your hair back as soon
as you begin to use
Ayer's
Hair Vigor.
SUICIDE IN THE PARK.
An Unknown Man Swallows a Dote of
' " ' Morphine.
An unknown man was found by Park
Policeman Dobbins yesterday morning
about 7 o'clock in a dying condition in a
toilet-room near the children's play
grounds. The man was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the patrol wagon and
Dr. Thompson, after an examination, ex
pressed tbe opinion that he nad swallowed
a dose of morphine. The man died in
about four hoars.
There were no papers in the man's
pockets that would lead to his identifica
tion. On the neckband of his shirt were
the initials "F. M.' # , and the band on his
coat had the name "T. W. Spring & Co.,
San Jose." He was about 3"> years of age,
bod a dark complexion and dark mus
tache, and was fairly well dressed. An
autopsy will be held at the Morgue.
■ •— « — • r
Lighted cigarettes were distributed the
other day among a lot of monkeys at tbe
Zoo in Paris by some mischievous urchins.
The animals puffed away at tne weed with
evident enjoyment until the advent of the
keeper, who put a stop to it.
row TO-PAT.
The most satisfactory tea
in the market is Schilling 's
Best.
The grocer returns your
money in full if you don't
like it
• /
A Schilling & Company
San Franr'ero " $r..\
j£k.TSTTI 3SrSEL^»XH. A.
m HE ONLY TREATMENT IN THE WORLD
X that removes the fetid oaorf rom the feet in so
short a time and positively without closing the
pores. For treatment apply or address DR. ELI
C. WILLIAMS, 1151 Market^., rooms 1-2.
XEW TO-DAY — AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlUavxan- & Co. (Incorporated) Propriacori
TO-NIGHT AT 8 SHARP.
And Saturday Matinee at 2— Last Times
■MR,. IST. O. GOODWIN
. And His Superb Company, beaded by MISS
. MAXI.NE ELLIOTT.
IN HIS NKW COMEDY
At! AMSRIO AIM CITIZEN
By Madeline Luceite Hy ley , Author of
• . . . : - "Christopher Jr. .
- Saturday Night — Only Tims
••XHci RIVALS."
Mr. Goodwin as Bob Acres (first time In America).
Next Week— MX. WILTON LACKAYE,
Supported by Marie Walnwrlght and a Strong Co.
In "Dr. BelgraftV' Seats Now Ready.
BALDWIN THEATER— EXTRA.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, NOV. 29.
ZEISLER
• GRAND POPULAR-
Orchostral Concert:
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD the World's
ureites- Piamste. Assisted by the
HINKICHS-B^EL ORCHESTRA.
A Great Programme, including Rubinstein's D
Minor and Chopin's F Minor Concertos.
Setts 91 50, 91 and 60c Seats now ready.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
MBS.KBKKSTIXK KEKi.ixfj. Proprietor & il*oaj»c
LAST mOHTS
OF THE MERRY COMIC OPERA,
SEATS NOW ON SALE
FOR NEXT WEEK,
THE FAVORITE OPERA COMIQTJE,
"THE LITTLE DUKE"
Popular Price5. ....... ..25c and 500.
. O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
A JOYOUS THANKSGIVING BILL!
The Bright Particular .Stars.
GEOIU.K THATCHEB&KU. DUKBLE,
The Far-Fam!>d UlnstreW and Comedians.
EDWARD HKFFKmNAN, the clever Irish Mon-
" . OlOtfUlst.'. THE HESOLEK SISTERS,
And a Great Vaudeville 1 Company.
Only Two Null is More of ■
QUAKER CITY QIARTEI. HOWARD
AND BLAND and
IAVATKR'S DOG ORCHESTRA.
Reserved seats. v:sc; Balcony, 10c; Upera-caalri
and box-seats. 50c,
RACIXd <os*t* MM
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING, 1896-'©7.
Beginning Monday, November 19,
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
.:-.- Ahursday, and Saturday.
.. .-■- Main or shine. ■
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. -
__Kaoea' Start at 2:15 P. M. Sharp-
Ferry | Boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1.00, 1:30 and 2:00 p. M.. connecting with
trains stepping at the entrance to track. . •
.' Buy yonr ferry tickets to Berkeley. '
. Returning— Train* leave the Track at 4:15 and
4:49 p. m. and immediately aster the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR. President.
. R. B. MILROY, secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. toll M.
Convert Jivery Afternoon and Saturday
■ ' and Sunday Evening!!).
Admission— Adults 10 v, Children sg« '
78
RAILROAD RUMORS
FROM LOS ANGELES
Southern Pacific Changes
That Are Looked For
Shortly.
Vice-President Stubbs May Be
Relieved of Some of H.s
Onerous Duties.
C F. Smurr and J. M. Crawley to
Advance a Peg in the Traffic
Department
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— 1t is
predicted in railroad circles that the first
of the year will be marked by a number of
important changes in the traffic depart
ment of the Southern Pacific. There has
been a growing need for an active traffic
manager and a number of changes may
take place whereby Vice-President J. C.
Stubbs, whose health has not been the
best of late, may be relieved of some of the
onerous duties which occupy all of his
time.
The title of general traffic manager, to
gether with tne duties and responsibilities
that were shouldered by Richard Gray
before his retirement from active service,
it is said, will be conferred upon C. F.
Smurr, general freight agent of the com
pany, and J. M. Crawley of this city, who
has the title of assistant freight and pass
enger agent, will be sent to San Francisco
and installed in the vacancy that will be
created by Smurr's promotion.
TO WAD AT TACOMA.
Mits Narah Libby Goes to Join Her
Lover Front the frozen -^orth.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— The
telegraph wires to-night will proba
bly report the happy union at Ta
coma, Wash., of M:ss Sarah Libby of
this city and a prosperous mining man of
Juneau, Alaska. Miss Libby was to have
been married in Los Angeles several days
ago and great preparations had been made
for the event. Tne match was in all re
spects one upon which Cupid should have
smiled with his most engaging smile; but
then began a series of unavoidable slips
and misunderstandings which have re
quired weeks to unravel and; in the end
liiia Miss Libby at Tacoma and the groom
hastening irom the frozen north to join
his fiancee ana get married. In the mean
time ihe telegraph companies have reaped
a rich harvest at tne expense of the father
of Miss Libby and the intending groom,
who is said to be amply able to stand the
outlay.
JURY STRIKES FOR TEES.
Peculiar Hitch in the Trial of a Civil
Suit at Corina.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— A pe
culiar hitch occurred at Covina yesterday
in the case of Kimball vs. Fairly and Mil
ler, a civil suit. After the case had been
tried the jury retired and soon returned
with a verdict. The court asked the fore
man if the jury was ready to report. He
Biiid that it was, but would not render a
verdict until the fees were forthcoming.
There was a general scramble for law
books and much law was read, but the
jury was obdurate and its verdict, now
under seal, is awaiting the fees to be put
up. Defendants say they do not want a
verdict, and the pia'intiff does not seem
disposed to come up with the funds.
SHIPPING BADLT DAMAGED.
Fierce Gale* Play Havoc in Southern
California Ports.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— The
seaport towns of Southern California have
experienced remarkably stiff gales from
tee northeast during the past forty-eight
hours, which in many instances have
caused great damage to local shipping in
terests. Nearly all the wharves south of
Point Conception have been more or less
injured, including tnose of Ventura,
Hueneme, Santa Monica, Redondo, New
port and San Diego. Redondo has prob
ably suffered the worst from the almost
constant gale.* The waves there have been
of almost unprecedented heignt. Two
hundred feet of the old wharf ha? been
wasned away, and other damage of a very
serious character bas been sustained.
ESTIMATING THE ORANGE CROP.
Indications That It Will Be the Largest
in the State* History.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— An esti
mate of the orange crop for the coming
season has been procured by the freight
departments of the Southern Pacific and
Southern California railroads, and it
would indicate that the shipments will
greatly exceed those of any preceding sea
son in the State's history. The estimate
is 8375 cars, of which 2700 are in River
side, 1800 in Los Angeles and vicinity, and
the remainder in the outlying districts.
It is stated that the crop will come fully
up to this estimate unless adverse climatic
conditions ensue. The crop last season
aggregated 7000 carloads. The estimate
for the coming season means 2,512,500
boxes.
End* Bis Troubles With Strychnine.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— This
afternoon L. F. Kraft, a mining man who
had his wife arrested a day or two ago,
charging her with adultery, made an end
to his life. He was discovered shortly
atter he had taken poison. A patrol
wagon rushed Kraft to the Receiving
Hospital and Dr. Bryant went to work on
him, but he died within five minutes.
The poison was strychnine and Kraft took
enough to kill sixty men.
Fell Thxrty Feet.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— While
working on a three-story building at
Eleventh street and Ocean View avenue
to-lay J. F. Johnson was thrown to the
ground by the breaking of the scaffolding,
a distance of thirty feet. His chin was
severely cut, necessitating the taking of
four stitches, and healso sustained sev re
internal injuries. He narrowly escaped
severing the jugular vein.
Narrowly Escaped ltrownino in Hut.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— 1t will
be weeks before the damage by Tuesday
night's storm will be removed at San
Pedro. Both Dr. Norman and E. Christ
had narrow escapes from .being drowned
in their beds. They were awakened by a
volume of water, sand and rocks striking
against their rooms and then bursting in
on them. They narrowly escaped with a
few clothes.
fountf Cromwrll Break* a Record.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— Young
D. B. Cromwell succeeded in breaking the
record for a quarter of a mile again on a
home trainer. His time was taken for the
distance by two split-second watches, the
distance being recorded by a cyclometer.
The watches showed he had pedaled the
quarter mile in nine seconds, two seconds
better than a record made yesterday.
Spokane's Fire Chief ttemored.
SPOKANE. Wash., Nov. 26.— The
charges of drunkenness, offensive parti
sanship, inefficiency ar.d improper be
havior were sustained by the Board of
City Commissioners at a meeting lasting
until after midnight last night against v.
B. Winebrenner, ciiief of the fire depart
ment. He was removed from office.
MURDER AT SAN JOSE.
Two Italians Revive a Feud and One Has
His Jugular Severed With a
Razor.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 26. — Vincero
Labello and Robina Grabiella, two Italian
laborers, became involved in a quarrel
about 9 o'clock this evening, and as the
result of the same the former now lies in
the City Receiving Hospital, and tbe lat
ter is in a prison cell. The windpipe of
Lobello was completely severed, and he is
not expected to live but a few hours.
The wounded man succeeded in giving
the name of his assailant after being
found in the street on Park avenue, near
tne Guadalupe River, and tne latter was
at once placed under arrest. When
brought before his victim he confessed his
crime and said that he used a razor to
inflict the wound and would be satisfied
with his work if his victim died.
The assault was the sequel to an old
feud wnich has existed between the parties
since last February, when Lobello cut
Grabitlto across the chin with a knife.
They had become somewhat rriendly
since that time, but re erence to tbe as
sault by Lobello this evening angered Gra
biella and caused him to cut the throat of
his former antagonist.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Nov. 27— Lobello, the
wounded Italian, died at I o'clock this
morning.
Festival of Living Books Clones.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 26.— The Festival
of Living Books and Exhibition of Art
Posters, under the auspices of the ladies
of the Unitarian Churcl), came to a suc
cessful end in Hale's Hal) to-night. There
was a good attendance both this after
noon and evening. Nearly two hundred
persons took part in the grand march. A
fine literary and mu-ical programme was
followed by a dance.
BILBORN AT SUISEN
The Congrenstnan Given an Oration Be
fore Lenring for Washington.
SUISUN, Cal., Nov. 26.— Congressman
S. G. Hilborn came from his home in Oak
land this morning and spent the day in
Suisun witn Mrs. E. P. Hiiborn and fam
ily prior to his departure for Washington.
He left on tbe overland express at 8:30
o'clock and was complimented by being
Did godspeed on his journey by a large
concourse of admiring friends who were
at the depot accompanied by a brass
band.
Several patriotic airs were rendered by
the band, and just before the departure of
the truin in & few well-chosen remarks
Mr. Hilborn thanked tne people of Suisun
for the compliment paid him. He said
Suisun was his first home in California,
and words could not express his apprecia
tion of the kindly feeling shown him.
He feelingly spoke of the high tribute of
respect which was paid to his departed
brother, Edward P. Hilborn, whose
funeral took place last Sunday, and wts
one of the largest and most impressive
ever held in Solano County. Mr. Hilborn
was quite overcome by the ovation ten
dered him, and bis remarks brought
tears to the eyes of many of the ladies
present.
WILL MANUFACTURE COKE.
Largest Plant on the Coast to Be tree ted
in >kagit County.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 26.— A syndi
cate including F. W. Carleton, local agent,
and others of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company about five years ago acquired
valuable coal properties five miles south
of Hamilton, in Skagit County. They
have been quietly developing the mines
since that time, intending to erect the
largest coke-niauing plant on tbe Pacific
Coast as soon as times improved. This
plan is soon to be carried out.
Arrangements are being made to build
a six-mile flnme from the mines to a point
on Skagit R.ver several miles below
Hamilton, where coke ovens will be con
structed. Running the coal through the
flume will thoroughly wash it, thus sav
ing expense for that process. The coal
croppings are at an elevation of 2000 to
2500 feet above the Skaeit River.
BURNED TO DEATH AT FALLEJO.
By the Upsettini of a Lamp Little Alfred
. Frye Loses His Life.
VALLEJO, Cal., Nov. 26— Alfred, the
four-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
Frye. living in Soutti Vallejo, received in
juries from the upsetting of a coal-oil
lamp last night whicli resulted in death a
few hours later. The lamp was accident
ally knocked from a table by an older
brother and the little fellow's clothing
saturated and ignited. The mother vainly
attempted to smother the flames with wet
sacks and then resorted to the water
faucet in her desperation, scattering the
fire and badlj bur. :ng herself. Mr. Frye,
who is employed at the Union Iron Works,
San Francisco, was away from home at
the time.
PETALU MANS CALLED TO ARMS.
Company C makes a Good Showing in an
Emergency Drill.
PETALUMA, Cal., Nov. 26.— The long
expected emergency drill was called last
evening and inside of half an hour almost
every member of Company C was on
hand completely equipped in service
uniform for march and bivouac. Ten
rounds of ammunition were given each
soldier, whereat the boys thought it meant
a long march and skirmish, but after a
brief inspection by Colonel Fairbanks the
company took a short march around the
streets and returned to the armory, where
the colonel complimented them, saying
it was doubtful if there was a better
equipped body of men in the State.
The Boat Cap it i zed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 26.— A party
consisting of William Peck, William Besse
and Mrs. Edna, had a narrow escape from
drowning this evening. They left the foot
of Broadway in a small boat to visit one
of the ships in the harbor a quarter of a
mile from the dock. Their boat capsized
and they managed to get hold of the boat
and the strong ebb tide canied them
rapidly down the harbor. Just belore
reaching the foot of Market street they
were rescued by George Laflecbe Jr.. who,
with several others, put off in small boats.
Santa Barbara's New Town Clock.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., Nov. 26.—
The finest town clock west of the Missis
sippi arrived here to-day for the main
tower of the Fithian building just com
pleted. It will strike by chime every fif
teen minutes, furnishing time and music
to tne residents for a radius of three miles.
This is the second town clock for Santa
Barbara, the other having been erected
twenty years ago.
There is a Delief current in all parts of
India that a certain snake called Shehs
Nag, when it attains the age of 1000 years,
has a precious jewel formed in its bead.
This jewel, it is affirmed, possesses the
quality of sucking up the poison of the
deadliest snake, if applied to the wounded
part.
•—• — * — ♦
Confectioners use a great number of
nuts, bat it is surprising to learn that in
France these are generally purchased al
ready cracked, the peasants in a village in
the Southwestern Department of the Lot
making it an actual business to shell nuts
with marvelous rapidity for the market.
TO CUhK A COLD IN ONE J>AY.
Take lucrative ßromoQuinine Tablets. Alldrup
gista reiuud the money it it iaiU to cure. 2oo*
THE SATC FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27. 1896.
HARES AND HOUNDS
AT SACRAMENTO
Great Sport for a Larga
Crowd at Agricultural
Park.
Weather Clear and Bracing and
Dogs and Game in Splendid
Form.
D. J. Healy's Moondyne Captures First
Money— The Other Prize.
Winners.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 26.— Great
sport was witnessed by the large crowd
that attended to-day's coursing at Agri
cultural Park. The weather was clear,
tbe air crisp, the ground sott, and the dogs
and hares were in fine fettle. James
Grace Jr. of San Francisco officiated as
judge, and the veteran slipper, James
Wren, manipulated the leash. The first
prize, $90, was won by D. J. Healy's Moon
dyne; second, $45, by J. F. Grace's Nellie
Conroy; third, $J2 50, by Cronin and Mc-
Donald's Lissak, and fourth, $22 50, by
Joseph Kelly's Jack. Many of the courses
were very exciting. Following are the re
sults of the running:
J. J. Edmonds' Olden W beat T. Kenny's
Airship; M. Welsh's Tipperary beat Devine
and Tevlin's Prlnrc Lief: J. F. Grace's Nellie
Conroy beat J. Maugan's Pansy; Cronin and
One of Walter S. Hobart's Horse Show Turnouts— Spot and Lightfoot, the Undefeated Pony Team. The
Picture Shows Them Attached to a Skeleton Phaeton and Driven by Fred Rockett, Hobart's Driver.
McDonald's Skyball beat Netnercott Bros.' Red
Cloud; J. F. Grace's Deceiver bent D. M. Han
rahan's Pluto; Xetliercott Brob.' Forest Queen
bent E Walsh's Fattf rewski; Joseph Kelly's
Jnck beat O'Brien and McDonald's De tender;
O'Brien and Steigler's Dynamite beat J. J. Sd
wards' Valley Queeu ; D. J. Healy's Moondyne
boat R. Hull's Electricity; Devine and Stout's
Straight Tip beat Barrett's Eclipse: Cronin and
McDonalds Lissak beat P. \V. Sheehan's Gov
ernor Markham: P. J. Rally's Rignt Bower
beat Tain O'Shanter; C. Galliher's Duke Or
lando beat Ryan and Ryans' E V D.
Second series — Tipperary beat Olden \V;
Nellie Conroy beat Skyball ; Forest Queen beat
Deceiver; Jacfc beat Dynamite; Moondyne
beat Straight Tip; Llssak beat Right Bower;
Duke Orlando hud a bye.
Third series— Nellie Conroy beat Tipperary;
Jack beat Forest Queen ; Moondyne beat Duke
Orlando; Lissak had a bye.
Fourth series — Nellie Conroy beat Jack;
Moondyne beat L'.ssak.
Final series— Moondyne beat Nellie Conroy.
SLATEK FUK TO SLEEP.
Knocked Out by Hilly Gallagher of Oak
land in Sine Hounds.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 26.— A large
crowd witnessed a one-aided match to
night in the gymnasium of the Los An
geles Athletic Club and saw Billy Galla
gher of Oakland put Harry Slater of New
Orleans to sleep in nine rounds. The
men were matched for fifteen rounds,
Gallagher tipping the scales at 147 and
Slater at 153 pounds. The Oakland man
was in splendid condition and outpointed
his opponent at every stage of the fight.
He also had the advantage of height and
reach.
The first two rounds were slow, the con
testants sizing each other up. Gallagher
led three times in this time, but failed to
damage Slater. From then on, however,
he went after bis man and forced the
fighting from start to finish,
In the fourth found he sent Slater to the
ground with a right-hand swing and once
more in the fifth. Both times Slater laid
down until nine seconds had been counted
before responding.
Slater realized that his only chance lay
in trying to avoid punishment in order to
stay the fifteen rounds, and this he did by
clinching at every opportunity. Gallagher
kept at him and did effective work with
his body blows. Slater landed several
times on the Oakland man, but his blows
lacked force, and he was plainly out of
his class.
The end came in tho ninth round. After
a scant minute of lighting Gallagher landed
a swine on the point of Slater's jaw, which
sent him to the ground and out.
There were four preliminary bouts of
four rounds each, the most lively being
between Jack _ Burkhart of Los Angeles
ana Billy Rupp of Santa Monica.: This
was fast, botn men being well matched.
Young Oscorado of Los Angeles succeeded
in putting E. Sargeant of Minneapolis out
in the second round. '■'.: .' '
HOBART'S EASTERN CRACKS
He Brings Home Eighteen Celebrated
Horses for the Coming
Show.
Since Walter S. Hobart returned from
the East last Monday his stock farm at
San rviateo has been all bustle and excite
ment. From daylight till dark, in two or
three places at once, expert horsemen
have been driving and jumping and ex
perimenting with the crack horses.
Yesterday the farm appeared like a horse
show all to itself, with the single excep
tion that there were no boxes full of
fashionaDle and admiring ladies and no
promenades with society youths or staid
men of affairs in white box overcoats and
horsey rigs.
The track was there — a magnicent race
course of three-quarters of a mile — the
hurdle enclosure with its tanbark, the
brakes, carts, stylish coaches, phaetons,
attendants, aristocratic coachmen, and ia
fact a complete caste of horseshow char
acters, with the enthusiastic young horse
man, Mr. Hobart, himself the ringmaster,
as it were.
And all tnis unusual display of interest
was caused by the arrival of eighteen se
lected ponies, hackneys, coach horses and
hunters, every one of them a high-stepper,
from the East. Among these prized dar
lings are steeds from which great things
are expected at the Ban Francisco horse
show.
Each one in his class may%be a winner,
but for description it would be enough to
say to people who know Mr. Hobart's
reputation for carrying off prize-ribbons
that this new acquisition contains even
some better material than he exhibited in
the horse show here. Many of them were
out on the race track for a spin and the
rarer beauties were tried yesterday by way
of comparison with the best of Mr. Ho
bart 8 old stock.
The verdict was unanimous. Mr. Ho
bart repeatedly gave expression to his joy
and satisfaciion: "Beautiful!" "How's
that for action?" "There's a high step
per."
And the experienced head man would
say: "Yea, sir; beautilul action. 'E's all
right; c's the finest of 'email. That's a
pretty 'orse!"
So the day passed fTom the cool morn
ing through long sunny hours when run
ning the horses was warm work, and till
evening shadows began to fall across the
racetrack. A dozen or more expert stable
men had no rest. It was ''saddle this
hunter," "get out the skeleton brake with
Sultan and Czar, Damrosch and Seldl—
Sultan and Czar wheelers, mind you."
"Get Paragon ready in the skeleton cart."
Tbe attendants were going like bees in a
hive, while outside the newly arrived
steeds were showing what they could do,
some jumping; others trotting and pre
senting their dandy stepping, and still
others competing with the cracks of tbe
Hobart farm.
Among the best is Paragon, a $7500
beauty that comes from the East. He is a
brown horse, 6 years old, and beautifully
conformed. His knee and hock action is
extravagant, to say the least, for Paragon
likes to paw tne air with as much grace as
he carries his lovely head and neck. He
is over 15 hands and 2 inches in height.
They drove him with Peacock, Mr.
Hobart's handsome gray horse that was
seen in tne last two shows in San Fran-
cisco. Peacock has carried off various
prizes and may be taken as a high class
specimen. Hitched with him in the
skeleton drag, Paragon was certainly not
at a disadvantage. The action of both
horses was very much alike, and as they
mated so well and matched as to size, it
was then and there determined to send
ibem to the .«how together.
Mr. Hobart selected a splendid animal
while in Canada from a corral of fifty
horses. This horse is Merry Boy, a erace
luily proportioned bay gelding, fifteen
bands three inches high, and five
years old. He was highly com
mended in the green-hunter class at
the New York show, but at that time he
was rick and of course out of form. Other
wise there is hardly any doubt but that he
would have left the ring with a ribbon
under his ear.
It is seldom that horsemen see such a
jumper — not a particularly high lunger,
but a sure-footed flyer that takes remark
ably long leaps. He will be exhibited to
advantage especially in the hurdle and
water jump. Though Merry Boy has good
blood and lots of nerve in him he is a very
kindly horse.
In the way of variety Mr. Hobart has
entered a small pony which arrived Mon
day with his proud equine companions.
The pony is suggestively named Tadpole,
because he is a slippery little fellow, full
of queer antics and capable of playing
funny pranks. Besides, Tadpole is for all
the world like an embryo of the equine
species. He reaches all the way up to a
man's hips, or, in horse lore, is ten hands
high, and is a sturdy chip of Welsh stock
of swell pedieree.
Tadpole has been entered in all the
j limning classes for the coming show
against large torses, but then he can take
a 3 feet and 6 inch hurdle with ease with
Bob, one of the exercise boys, up. With
Bob this little pony is still an unde
termined quantity, for Bob invariably
comes to the ground after the jump. Still
Tadpole stands until his rider scram Dies
from the. tanbark to his back. Yesterday
the pony's performance was watched with
much interest and it created considerable
merriment; but Tadpole proved that he
knew his business.
A pair that will attract attention is Sul
tan and Czar, two more new-comers at the
Hobart farm. They mace up a good type
of park wheelers, and are a better class of
horseß than Mr. Hobart had oefore— at
least so much was admitted by Mr. Hunn,
the manager, yesterday. Czar is a large
blood-bay horse very well conformed and
I possessed of excellent knee and hock
action.
In all points he is a good mate for Sal
tan. They wi-re driven as wheelers with
I Damrosch and Seidl as leaders yesterday,
and later were tried together in the skele
ton drag. In both places their perform
ance excited the admiration of those who
watched them. lbe four-in hand gave
general satisfaction and will likely be seen
in the show.
Frills, a chestnut hackney horse, im
ported from the East as a new crack, was
j driven by Rockett around the track to the
skeleton cart. Frills is fifteen hands high,
handsome in every line and curve, full of
action and as well as being a marvelou-s
goer is a blue-blooded high-stepper. With
him Mr. Hobart hopes to carry off a rib
bon in the hackney class.
Spot and Liehtfoot, the danuy $3000
driving pony team, was out with the skel
eton phaeton en the track. They will be
exhibited for the first time on the Pacific
Coast at the horse show. Bpot has the
extraordinary record of twenty-one first
prizes a 1 over the wor.d, and was never
beaten in England. The team has been
shown in New York. Boston, Philadelphia
and other Eestern cities and never lost a
ribbon.
So Spot and Ligbtwood are champions.
Spot is a thoroughbred hackney mare
stunted.
With one or two exceptions, the rest of
Mr. Ho ban's new stock is composed of
highly bred coach horses. As a rule the
horses at the Hobart farm are a better
looking lot than last year, which fact goes
to show that the enterprising owner ha«
worked conscientiously to improve still
further his famous stock.
MARRIED UNDER
HYPNOTIC SPELL
A Portland Youth Finds
Himself in a Sorry
Plight.
Lured Into Wedlock by a Charm
ing Adventuress From
Sunny Spain.
With Empty Pockets and in a Dis
tracted State He Seeks Legal
Advice.
PORTLAND. Oh., Nov. 26.— Burt Hill
yard, a well-to-do young man, late of
Montana, is tbe victim of Dr. Gaudin
Anconta and his sister Nina, Spanish
hypnotists, so he alleges. Almost dis
tracted Hillyard late yesterday afternoon
invoked the aid of a well-known lawyer in
the Mackay building, a lawyer famous for
successfully handling mysterious and
tangled-up cases. To this lawyer Hill
yard related that he has a dim recollec
tion of having at nome time the latter part
of last week gone to Vancouver, accom
panied by Dr. Anconta and Senorita Nina;
tnat he and the latter were married there,
and on that occasion he surrendered to
her all the available cash then on his per
son, amounting to $550 in currency.- He
claims to have struggled rebellious!}-
against the marriage, as well as the sur
render of his money, but he was com*
pletely devoid of will power.
"Did you enter a protest against the
minister performing the function?" asked
the lawyer.
"No, I did not; but en the contrary I
remember quite well that the preacher re
marked that I was an uncommonly happy
looking benedict," remarked Hillyard,
with a soughing sigh.
"Did you give her the money in the
presence of any one?" again inquired the
lawyer.
"Of course; 1 handed it to her in the
presence of the preacher at the solicita
tion of Dr. Anconta, who said it would be
safer in her keeping."
Hillyard and his lawyer subsequently
visited the bride in her old quarters, to
which she and her dupe returned after
their marriage. The lawyer's questions
did not in the least disconcert the daz
zlingly beautiful adventuress, who is about
27 years of age, and she capped the cli
max by showing a marriage certificate, to
which was attached the signature of a
Vancouver divine. When it was suggested
that Hillyard was married under hypnotic
influence the senorita laughed a musical
laugh, saying:
"Dear. I would not have married him so
fast if he had not been at my feet every
hour of the day beseeching m*. What?
Is he tired of me so soon? Bah!''
With that she shot a glance of disgust
at Hillyard. and, turning her Dack upon
both men, she retired to another room.
While there is no question that Hillyard
has been duped by a brace of adventurers,
yet they cannot be criminally proceeded
against. The worst of the affair is that
Hillyard is engaged to wed a San Diego
(Cal.) girl on Christmas day.
DUMB FOR OFFER A YEAR.
Murderer Tfeitter Stricken Speechless
. A fur Gaming at Hi* Scaffold.
PORTLAND, Ob., Nov. 26.— Detective
Welch, : who returned here from Grants
Pass to-day, in speaking of Charles Pfeis
ter, condemn d to death for brutally mur
dering his wife about fourteen months
ago, says: •
"About eleven months ago it was neces
sary to remodel and improve the security
of the "jail at ' Grants , Pass, and the au
thorities, not' deeming it safe to retain
Pfeister, In their custody during -the
progress of the work, he was sent to Jack
, ion County , for safe ; keeping. V> The time
for hi*, execution was drawing very near,
and .'on the morning 1 of his removal,
the sallows upon which he was to expiate
his crime had just been completed. . As
j Pfeister * passed it, be gave one horrible
shudder, and from that time to this he has
not uttered a solitary syllable. All the
nourishment he takes has to be fed to him
as if he were a helpless babe. If food is
placed into bis mouth he will r readily eat
it, otherwise he will not partake of it. -..';
"Without his knowledge this murderer
has closely been watched since be ceased
speaking, but no one has ever heard him
utter as much as a moan or a sigh. Eleven
months ago Pfeister weighed 180 pounds
and now. he doesn't tip the scales at 70."
Pfeister' lawyer is seeking a reversal of
judgment on the ground of insanity. -
FOR ATTEMPT TO KILL.
The Degenerate Son of a . Thrift Sire in
".*■'.. . " Serious . Trouble. ;-
• PORTLAND, Ob., Not. 26.— Jack Fahie,
a i well educated but cowardly 'ruffian,
who has several times narrowly escaped
the penitentiary, is under . arrest for' hav
ing attempted to kill H.K. Sargent, a re
spected young : man, in a saloon Tuesday
night. The Telegram says of. him :
■/.: "Fahie la i the son of an '©Id. irishman,
one of the early residents of Portland, who
amassed wealth by investing in real
estate. On dying he lef r his possessions
to the son, in trust, which are to be handed
overjto him on his arriving at the age of 40
years. In the meantime, however, he re
ceives rents and revenues from the estate
which amount to some hundreds of dollars
per month.
This money he spends among lewd
women, thugs, gamblers and pugilists, his
lavish expenditure enabling him to play
the king among that kind."
Fahie has a large number of ac
quaintances in San Francisco.
DUBUS' DRIVE.
The Famous Escape of Gambettat After
His Voyage In a Balloon.
M. Dabus, who was Maire of Epeneuse,
Oise, in 1870, has just died at Clermont,
aged 72. Who was ? Outside of our
small and respected French colony here,
we may safely say that few of us know.
And yet his name is bound to be recorded
in history and to remain ', thare until the
records of the "Terrible Year" are lost
and forgotten. He was the man who
saved Gambetta from falling into the
hands of the Prussians during the Franco-
German war.
The story is simple enough, but its very
simplicity serves to teach sound citizens
of every country the priceless value of pa
triotism. On the Bth of October, 1870, tak
ing advantage of a favorable wind, Gam
betta, accompanied by Spuller, left Paris
in a balloon, intending to reach Tours.
After sailing in the air at a comparatively
slow rate the balloon, drifted toward the
north. The Prussians noticed it, cave
chase, and tired at it furiously. It was bit
several times, but the holes made in it by
the bullets caused only a slight escape of
gas. After some little time, however, the
leaks began to tell, and the balloon began
to descend . slowly. The famous travelers
distinctly heard the hoarse cheers of the
enemy, who imagined that their long
chase was coming to an end, and that they
were about to congratulate themselves on
their capture. But just then all 1 the re
maining sandbags, together with every
thing that could be dispensed with in the
car, were thrown out, and once more the
airship pointed toward the clouds. I
The fusillade became more furious, but
the bullets were - harmless. A slight in
crease in the wind also favored the fugi
tives. The enemy was left behind, but he
was still in hot pursuit. The balloon, be
coming weaker and weaker in buoyancy,
at last began to descend gradually.
It landed in the woods of Favieres,
eleven kilometers from Clermont. The
Prussians were coming on rapidly. The
Maire of Clermont, M. Dubus, who
watched the balloon and saw the danger
of the fugitives, hitched up his two strong
est and fastest horses to a light wagon,
and a few moments after their landing he
was driving them at full speed on the road
to Montdidier. .In that drive he beat the
record and brought Gambetta and Spuller
into the little town in safety. Of course
the Prussians found the balloon, but no
trace of the men who ware in the car.
Such is the simple story of Dubus'
drive, for which he received the cross of
the Legion of Honor and an appointment
to a judgesbip in the Canton of Mouy.
Four years ago a monument was erected to
Gambetta near the spot where his balloon
descended, and the tree in which the air
ship got fastened was named "Gambetta's
Oak." The owner of the land on which it
stood has lately cut it down, because he
did not like to have patriotic pilgrims and
picknickers on his property.
This goes to prove that there are hogs
even in France, but, fortunately they are
among the sans patrie.— New York Sun.
* — ♦ »
A SUBSTITUTE FOR AMPUTATION.
A French Surgeon Treats Injuries by
Embalming the Wounded Limb.
A new and simple mode of treatment
has been introduced in France, by which,
it is claimed, a large proportion of injured
limbs now usually amputated can be
caved. The method, which is due to Dr.
Reclus, was recently described before the
French Congress of Surgery, and is thus
explained:
"Whatever the extent or gravity of the
lesions, he (Dr. Reclus) never, under any
circumstances, amputates the injured
limb, but merely wraps It in antiseptic
substances by a veritable embalming
process, leaving nature to separate the
dead from the living tissues. This
method of treatment possesses the double
advantage of being much less fatal than
surgical exaresis, and of preserving for
the use of the patient, if not the entire
limb, at any rate a much larger part than
would be left after amputation.
"He advocates this very conservative
treatment on account of" the excellent
effects of hot water, wbicn he uses freely.
After the skin has been shaved and
cleansed from all fatty substances by
ether, etc.. In the usual way a jet of hot
water 60 to 62 degrees C. (140 to 144 degrees),
but not higher, is made to irrigate ail the
injured surfaces and to penetrate into all
the hollows and under all the detached
parts of the wound without exception.
This is tne only way of removing all clots
and to wash away all foreign bod
ies, together with the micro-organisms
they may contain. The advantages of hot
water at this high temperature are three
fold: First, hot water at this temperature
is antiseptic, heat greatly increases the
potency of antiseptic substances; second,
it is hemostatic (that is, staunches tne
flow of blood); third, it helps to compen
sate for the loss of heat resulting from the
bleeding, and especially from the trau
matic shock. After the 'embalming' pro
cess, and the dead tissue has been sepa
rated from the living, the surgeon has
nothing to do except to divide the bone at
a suitable spot. According to Reclus the
results attained are remarkable.''
A feature of the population statistics of
Western Australia is the large proportion
of males to females. The disparity is
maintained in the arrivals by sea. At
present there are 45 females to every 100
males.
■ ■_ ' ' HEW TO-DAY.
gffek A YOUNG MAN
fßgr],,, -^T Enters the most dangerous pc«
St: *8& ravf riod of his life when he "learns;
T. TT-j the: ropes" of social excesses and!
J$%J. dissipation. The frivolous ha-
L -^aws^j- "bits of the young men of to-day
fi|^|^--^' . cause the wreck of many a
promising young life. There
/T*7^Jr\>^*-^Ji \\ S. are too many temptations and
■ \ i' 5^ -O too many young men fall into.
I /» ' :■' i them. Health, mental and
XT ;*;:•■ ;.-• physical power are .sacrificed.
Nerve force is wasted and the physical body is made tired and
weary. Life loses its joys and brightness leaves the eye.
But all this can be remedied in the proper way. Nature gives us
electricity with which to replace nerve power that has been lost.
DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is a grand remedy for weak men. It makes people strong.
"Your Sanden Belt" is giving the greatest satisfaction. I am
really sorry I did not use it years ago instead of all the medicine
I took," ; says G. Olsen, 11 Telegraph place, San Francisco.
Dr. Sanden's Belt is made especially for weak men, but it
cures all forms of nervous debility, kidney and organic troubles,
lame back, rheumatism and many other forms of muscular and
nervous troubles. . If you are not healthy send : for Dr. Sanden'3
book, "Three ' Classes of Men." It has full information and
price-list. Consultation free and invited. • .< ■■■
s.£L.3Nrx>xnxr xixj^otziio 00..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAtN
Office hours BA. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays 10 to 1. "■[ Offices at Los Antral«« - r>«i «in*.
So. Broad-ray; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street. . . Aagaie*. Cal., 304
HOTS.— Make no aiiitak* In "ho number— 633 Market itio«S.
■' : ' • ■ : •• . ;
LEAVENWORTH IS
SWEPT BY FUMES
Half the Town Consumed
at an Early Morning
Hour.
Fire Starts in the Bjork Hotel
and Causes a Panic Among
the Guests.
All More or Less Burned, but No
Lives Are Lost — Property
Loss Is $50,000.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 26.— More than
half of the business portion of the town
of Leavenworth, situated on the Great
Northern road, in Okanogan County, this
State, is in ashes to-day from a fire which
originated early this morning in a pile of
overheated pitchwood in the office of the
Bjork Hotel. There were several narrow
escapes among the hotel gueats, but no
loss of life resulted. Those sustaining
losses of property, which, in the majority
of cases was completely destroyed, are:
John Bjork, hotel and stock of general
merchandise; W. M. Crosa, fruits; P. M.
Donahue, saloon; Mrs. H. A. Anderson,
restaurant; S. Silverton, saloon; Frank;
Posey, barber-shop; M. Mellville, frame
store building; J. M. Duffy, saloon;
Charles Metzdorf, brakeman; J. Murray,
laborer.
D. X. Silverthorn, the cook, and all of
the inmates of the hotel were more or less
burned about the hands and face. Mrs.
Anderson saved nearly all of her restau
rant fixtures and some fixtures from Don*
ahue's and Duffy's saloons were likewise
rescued. John Bjork, proprietor of the
hotel, is reported to nave lost several hun«
dred dollars in cash and five or six in
mates of the house sustained serious
losses in the way of personal effects.
Practically no insurance was carried on
tbe buildings destroyed, all being frame
structures. Tbe total loss will probably
not exceed $50,000. Leavenworth is a di
visional railroad town of about 500 inhab
itants. It is situated on a beautiful
plateau at tbe mouth of Tumwater Can
yon and is in the midst of a good mining
district. While tbe mines supply some
business its chief trade is derived from
the railroad.
CLAUDE DUVAL.
The Gallant High way man Was of French
Extraction.
This gallant robber of men's purses and
ladies' hearts was of French extraction.
He was born at Domfront, in Normandy,
where his father was a miller. In his
youth he was for some time page to
the Duice of Richmond, and then
turned highwayman, a calling which
be lound remarkably profitable. On
one occasion he met the Master
ol the Buckhounds to Charles 11, one
Squire Roper, as he was pursuing a soli
tary hunt in Windsor Forest. But the
hunter became the hunted; the sport was
changed; Claude Duval quietly demanded
the master's purse, pocketed 50 guineas
and left him bound hand and foot to be
wail his fate until he was released by the
foresters. The life of this notorious crim
inal furnishes us with an example of the
peculiar fascination which the "sport" af
forded to its votaries. Duval became so
rich with his ill-gotten gains that he was
enabled to retire from the profession and
return to France. But a qu;et life, free
trom the excitement of his old career, dii
not agree with his adventurous spirit. He
returned again to England and resumed
his avocations. At length he was cap
tured at the "Hole in the Wall,' 1 in Chan
dos street. While in prison awaiting his
doom many ladies of position visited nim
and endeavored to obtain his release, but
justice was inexorable and he was hanged
at Tyburn in January, 1670. His epitaph,
in St. Paul's Church, Covent Garden,
speaks of him as "Old Tyburn's glory,
England's illustrious thief," and tells us:
Here lies Dnval— reader, M male thou art,
Look to thy purse: if female, to itay heart.
Mucb liavoc bas lie made of both.
Just Leyoiid the borders of our county
about a mile from the village of Bagshot',
stands a solitary, picturesque, reed
thatched farmhouse, once the residence of
Claude Duval. The late M. G. M. Hughes,
the historian of Windsor Forest, describes
in his work trie interior of this haunt, and
tells of the old fireside and chimuev, in
which a hiding place was so contrivedthat
its only ace ss was through a trap door in
the back, which, when closed, was con
cealed by the smoke. H^re Duvai often
lay concealed when the soldiers searched
his dwelling.— TheGentleraan's Magazine.
In Persia, amou? the aristocracy, a
visitor sends notice an hour or two before
calling, and gives a day's notice if the
visit is one of great importance. He is
met by servants before he reaches the
house, and other considerations are shown,
nim, according to relative rank. The left
and not the right is considered the posi
tion of honor.ONE THOUSAND
BOYS AND GIRLS
\Hungry and Worthy Guests
; • bf the Volunteers of
..;•'•" . America.
The Tables Were Spread Thrice
and No Applicant Was
;•..• Turned Away.
; The Deportment of the Children Was
. '• Excellent and Many Adults
' •• .. Were Admitted.
■. One of the happiest events of Thanks
giving day was a free dinner given by the
. Volunteers of America to 1000 boys and
.' _ girls and quite a number of destitute men
• -at' the old Y. M. C. A. Hall on Sutter
" street.
. The tables for the first relay were spread
• at 12 o'clock and speedily as many little
b^oys and girls as could Le seated were ad
. 'mitted to the hall. While the "ins" were
• dining sumptuously on turkey, ham,
' cranberry sauce, fruit, vegetables, coffee
and pies, there was an eager throng on
'the sidewaik waiting for the second relay.
The tables were cleared and spread
1 again at 1 o'clock for the tecond install
f nient of hungry urchins, and at 2 o'clock
•another feast was laid out for the third
. relay. The third or last division of the
applicants for a square meal included
"many adults. In fact every Applicant was
welcomed and no one went away hungry.
• Upon leaving tne hall every one oi the
little foifcs received a bag of candy.
The Volunteers of America are com
manded by Btillhigton Booth. The organ
ization is American in membership and is
conducted according to progressive Amer
ican -method 8. Major Washington Biack
hurst, commander of the Pacihc Coast B.it
. talion, was master of ceremonies at the
• free dinner yesterday. He was ably as
sisted by Captain Robert Gardiner, thief
\ of staff, Captains Brundage, Mills and
Williamson and Mr. Carmany and a de
tachment of police officers.
Mrs. Coon and pupus of her day school,
•. Mrs. Hodgkins and her work rs and vol
unteers from the Christian Endeavor as
sisted in waiting at the tabies. The
■ • crowds of delighted youngsters were full
. <o' life and animation, but good order was
.maintain- d.
When Major Blackharst announced that
there would be 4 a stereopticon exhibition in
the evening to which all were invitea he
asked how many were coming. The num
ber oi hands that went up as the ooys
shouted approval indicated unanimous
acceptance.
Every plate on tha table was abundant
ly stocked with fooa. Many of th.3 little
feilows were voracious eaters. The major
in command was astonished at the quun
.tity of food that the small boys were ab:e
to s.ow away. In this kind of charitable
work Major Blackhurst has had wide ex
perience. He was with General Fielding
in" Chicago last Christmas, when a dinner
. was given to 3000 men and 1000 women
and children. He regards California boys
as bright, interesting and easily man
aged.
Tne Volunteers of America make a
special study oi the deserving poor. In
this iine of wcric in San Francisco Cap
tain P. M. Biundage is remarkably effi
cient. Four years devoted to investiga
tion in this particular field enables him to
judge the situation wuh accuracy. He
Bays there are many deserving families in
v destitute condition. Tbe Vo unteers
distribute ail the provisions and clothing
which can be obtained, yet Captain Brun
da^e has been compelled recently to turn
away without help women with children
who really should have had assistance.
This would not be so if the people of San
Francisco were familiar with tbe facts.
In giving the iree dinner yesterday,
special care was taken in the distribution
of tickets to reach the worthy poor. Many
of tde children who were served were
. fairly well dres.-ed aud tidy, and exceed
in uly well bthaved. The composition of
the throng, and especially the deport
meat.of the little girls, indicated clearlr
• that the tickets had not been promis
cuously given out on the streets. No
doubt many a home, where destitution is
in a sense concealed, sent children to the
dinner spread by the Volunteers.
Major Blackhurst says tue organization
..of American! Volunteer? is increasing
'rapidly on the Pacific Coast. The fean
- • Jjose post has sixty active members, rep
_. -a-.esenting the best material. The San
• Francisco post has a membership of tiny.
• '-'J he majur has just returned from a sue-
Vessiul recruiting expediiion to Los An
• peies and ban Diego, and will leave
fchortly for the nortu to continue the work
Of organization. "
HIT WITH A SANDBAG.
'.' Mis, Hart forth and Her Babe if are a
. •' Sad -t-zperience oa "Waller
•J' (' ■': j Street.
• . Harry Reynolds, the police patrolman,
•: has been, moving about for the past two
days with an old stocking the fo^t of
•which is stuffed with moist sand. It is
••not that he is particularly attracted to
# . that kind of apparel, but Reynolds ex
'■ "pecta to make a particularly important
.discovery valuable to the department and
the public.
On Wednesday last Sergeant Colby was
informed by policeman Kiordaa that there
.lad been a terrible commotion on his beat,
arQund Waller and Fillmore streets. A
.- v.Oman was screaming and gave other cvi- '
dence of being in pain and danger. It
.was about 10 o'clock in the morning and
t Riordan got to the scene too late to do
thing but hear from the woman that a
' burglar, sand bagger and would-be mur
derer had passed him on the road, leaving
The house shortly before trio guardian of
. the peace put in an appearance.
• . Mra. Susie Hartforth of 311 Waller was
>' * the victim, She was quite hysterical and
showed a blackened eye, saying that the
man, who bad been a frequent caller at
, the bouse, had hit her with the stuffed
'stocking and taken from her a nickel
* which she kept in the rear of her cottage.
# ' "Ho came here last Monday," she sad
yesterday. "He was. looking for some
. woman who has never lived here, and I
told him so. Subsequently he called
again and spoke about taking a room in
the house. He went into his pocket as
though to get the money to pay fur the
room. ', Suddenly he turned and begged
that 1 get him some hot' water as he was
.suffering from toothache. 1 had my little ;
, baby in my arms, and before I realized
what was coming he struck me with that
stuffed stocking."
' The lady's story, given in her present
hysterical condition, is not accepted by
the police as a correct account of the case.
Captain Jbeea and Policeman Reynolds
are looking for the alleged culprit, who,
the woman . says. > bad two pneumatic
bicycle tire-", which he left outside of the
«. bouse when he entersd. \ln speaking of
"Wi^s. alleged sandbai/eer the woman de
bribed him as follows:
\' As nearly an I can state the, man was
23 years old. His hair was darK and ,he
wa3 smooth-face j.; He wore ; a dark '._ blue
sack coat and gray '■ trou-ers with a some
what lighter stripe. His bat was a Fedora
of brown color. I remember best his
shoes. They were black and pointed, one
of them, the right, I think," being cracked
on the side. He was probably about 5
feet 7 inches high and baa a very long
nose."
A Light Blaze.
An alarm of tire was turned in from box t>7,
Hawthorne and Harrison streets, yesterday
evening. The bUze, which proved to be
at 618 Harrison street, a email building
occupiei by William Smith and a part ol the
Kettle estate, was speedily extinguished. It
was caused by the explosion of a eoaloil lump,
and the damage will aggregate $200.
The Japanese are a co-ahead people in
almost everything but railway speed. Of
all the twenty-three lines in Japan, state
and private, the Tokio-Yokohama has the
honor of the best time — an average speed
of 19 miles 76 chains per hour. Next
ranks the Ofuna Yokosuka road, with an
average ?peed of 19 miles 18 chains.
The Dinner Given to the Poor by the Volunteers of America at the Old Hall of the Y. 3VL C A. on Sutter Street.
TOO MUCH ROLL
TO THE OREGON
Bilge Keels Are to Be
Riveted to Her Round
Hull.
Medals for the Four Heroes of
the San Benito Dis
aster.
Arrival of tbe Brig Geneva From
Alaska Disabled— An Exciting
Launch Race.
Thanksgiving along the docks was a day
of rest, as all the offices and warehouses
were closed and not a pound of cargo was
moved. All the vessels at the wharves
flew their ensigns and several were dressed
in buntinr. The rowing clubs being at
the regatta over the bay, there was only
one race on the City front.
It wns a contest started at a word, and
was fiercely fought for lill tae end. For
months — in fact, ever since they were
built — ther« has been rivalry between
George Knight'slaunch Athlete and Henry
i'eterson's launch Amy. The two pretty
gasoline craft are always moored side by
jide in a slip near Foleoru street, ap
parently on the best of terms, but these
two aquatic brother and sister are not a
happy family.
Tbe Athlete, which is run by Henry
Peterson's brother, Cnirley, has been in
tne habit of skimming by me more mod
est Amy and cnallenging her to a rac«.
As the two launches were returnine from
the regatta yesterday Charley Peterson
again flung detiance in the face of his
brother Henry, and as tne spirit of racing
was in the air a match was made. The
course was from Folaorh-street wharf
around Goat Island and return, and $20
was put up a? a prize. Captain John
Silovich started the littie vessels from the
outer end of the landing float, and at the
word the electric sparks of two engines
struck together and the two boats bounded
away.
For a mile they went nose and nose,
when the Amy slowly drew ahead of her
fister competitor. The bay was quite
rough and Henry Peterson's craft was
makinu better weather of the run. He
continued to widen the distance between
the launches and crossed the line ten
lengths in the lead.
There will probably be another test of
the speed of these two launches, as George
A. Knight will never permit any craft of
her inches to get away with his beloved
Athlete.
The battle ship Oregon, which went to
sea for a short cruise last Saturday, re
turned yesterday morning and anchored
in her old berth off Bausalito. During
the trip, which was extended as far south
at. Monterey, all of the guns of her battery
were tested with full service charges, the
great pieces working beautifully. There
were eight IS-incb c arses, sixteen of the
8-inch, eight of the 6-inch, thirty-two of
the 6-pounder and eleven 1-rounder fired
during the trial. As the 1100 pounds of
si eel projectile driven by 550 pounds of
powder woii'd sprin* from the muzzles
Of the great 13-inch rifles they would Phde
back in the recoil and return to their
original positions without a jar.
The life of one of those uuns is some
thing like 100 full-service charges, and the
pieces being valued at about $100,000, each
discharge injures the gun $1000. This,
added to the about $600 cost oi the powder
and shell, makes tue necessary tes', of the
rifles rather costly.
The next trip of the battle-ship will be
to Port Orchard, in Puget Sound, where
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
she will go on the great naval drydock for
the purpose of having bilge-keels or roll
ing-chocks put in her hull. These are
two great slabs of steel riveted to the
bilges at rieht angles with tbe wall of the
hull and extending from near the bow aft
to the counter.
Their office is to prevent the excessive
rolling of the round-bottomed hull in a
heavy beam sea. They catch the water
like tans as she wallows from bide to side,
thereby reducing her roll to a minimum.
The last two trips of tbe Oreson at sea in
rough weather, on one of which she rolled
as much at 29 degree*, have shown the
Navy Department that the bilge keels are
absolutely necessary. She will go to Port
Orchard, as neither the drydocks at Mare
Island nor at Hunters Point are large
enough to hold the big battle-ship.
First Officer L. E. Olsen and Seaman
Peter And rson, Axel Hendrick-on and
Andrew Lilleland of the steamer Point
Arena, which brought down the thirty
seven survivors of the lost San Benito yes
terday, are the heroes of the disaster.
The story of their noble efforts to board
the wreck through the heavy seas in their
little tun of a boat has le^n faithfully told
in Thx Call. It was by tbeir courage ana
ekill in tbe face of great peril that thirty
one persons were taken from the lore rig
ging of the crumbling San Benif
The four men will be recommended to
Congress for live-saving medal-, and tbeir
brave act will thus be officially recognized.
Tiis brig Geneva arrived from Saitta
Cruz yesterday towed b/ the tug Rescue.
She le tShuinagin I-land, Alaska, Novem
ber 4. with a careo of concentrates «nd
two boxes of bullion for the Apollo Min
ing Company in this City. Amo imme
diately sd* ran into heavy weather and
for fourteen days bad a succession of
gales. On the 23d and 24th the vessel
labored heavily, the necks being con
s'antly full of water from the great waves
wa hing over her.
The rails and upper works of the hull
| Part of the Crew of the Point Arena Who Saved the Lives of the
Crew of the San Benito*
; AXEL liEHSRI6K 5 C N
PETE* AN&er\s°ff.
■*--. .. . - -
were badly damaged by the seas and a
number of sails were blown away. She
was unable to enter this port and was
driven -out . to Santa Cruz, from which
place she was towed here.
The steamer Point Arena, with the
thiriy-sevcn surviving members of the ill
fated collier San Benito. which went
ashore last Sunday morning near Point
Aiena, arrived here at 3 o'clock yesterday
morning. Captain Smith was still weak
from the long exposure, and there
was hardly a man among the lot
who bad on a whole suit of clothes.
About half of the crew turned out
naif-dressed and rushed on deck when
the ship struck. About a dozen
of them clung to the rigging from shortly
after midnight of Saturday till Monday
morning with only a shirt "or a shirt and
drawers to protE-ct them from the sea and
cold. On tne trip down on the steamer
Captain Smitn would talk but little about
the wreck. He said: "I have not made
any statement to anybody about the
vessel iroing ashore. Wnat I nave to say
I will say at the proper time before the
underwriters and elsewhpre. According
to our log we had passed Point Arena."
In leaving the li. tie steamer at dawn
yesterday morning the crew got together
in a cluster on the wuarf and gave three
che* n lorihe steamer and her captain,
for Mate Olson and th* three seamen who
bravely took them off the wreck and for
the impromptu life-saving crew of Point
Arena volunteers who tried to save them
in one uf the San Benito's boats which
went ashore.
Jim MoKeon was the member of the
crew with whom the idea of cutting
ttirougn the deck into »he storeroom for
something to eat originated, and, rinding
an ax, he proceeded to do the job. This
is what gave the crew renewc-l strength to
hold out till tbe rescuers came. McKeon
says the crew was waiting for calmer
water before jumping into the sea and
swimming ashore. Th 6 men who re
niaiuedjin the rigging all the time were
L.E.OLSEh
U- T MA7£
AN&ftfiW 111 1 STANK
afraid the pilot-honse would be washed
away and Trould not go into it wittx the
others, who nad plenty to eat and were
able to Keep warm.
A Purse for Indian BtM.
POINT ARENA, Cal., Nov. 26.— The
citizens of this place raised a purse of $4
for Indian Bill, one of the crew of v. Jun
teers wno seemed to think no more of
risking his life lor the shipwrecked sailors
of the San Benito than i of eating a square
meal at somebody's invitation. Indian
Bill was very proud of the money, and
proceeded to burn it in pood Indian style.
There have been in all eight steamers
wrecked at-Point Arena and vicinity, and
hundreds of lives lost. The wreck of the
San Benito is only one instance and illus
trates the great need of a life-saving
station here, or at least a lifeboat and
some rockets and lines.
If there had been either a suitable boat
or a gun with which to fire a line across
the San Benito the crew would have been
saved on Sunday instead of the next day
by a steamer. There is a movement here
to call the attention of members of Con
gress to the necessity of the Government
tK.ng some acti >n to save life around this
d .ngeroQs point.
SEVERAL MORE
SCHOOLS TO CLOSE
Members of the Board of
Health Say It Is
Necessary.
Dread Diptheria Is Spreading in
Certain Pirts of the
Mission.
The Board of Health Wi 1 Meet With
tbe Committee of the Board of
Education To-Day.
The Board of Health is very much alive
to the tact that diphtheria has become
epidemic in certain parts of the City.
Despite tbe attitude of hostility assumed
toward the board by the Board of Educa
tion the doctors composing the Board of
Health declare an intention of closing all
schools wh<-re there is any reason to be
lieve the health oi the children ia endan
gered.
"The disease is epidemic in some parts
of the Ciiy," said Dr. J. F. Morse last
evening, in answer to questioning. "We
do not wish to alarm anybody, but the
Board of Health thinks proper to take
every precaution against the spread of the
disease. The boaid will meet the commit
tee ol the Board of Education to-morrow,
Friday morning, aud wilt discuss the situ
ation, but the Board of Health has not
acted without a full knowledge of the
premises, :.m! it is not likely that it
Will change its programme. The
schools mentioned in the notb to
the Board of Education as being
in an unsanitary condition, insomuch as
to endanger the bealtn of the children,
will have to be closed. The Board of Edn
cati on was given due notice of the action
of the Board of Jlealt . There may have
been some misunderstanding as to time.
I think it is likely there was."
The doctor was asked as to tbe effect of
the use of antitoxine in diphtheria cases.
He said: "There is no doubt that anti
toxine is an excellent remedy, but it is by
no means infallible. It should not be re
lied upon entirely."
Dr. Fitzgibbon of the Board of Health
was also seen yesterday in regard to the
prevalence of dread diphtheria and the
proposed closing of certain schools by the
board. He said: "The Board of Health
made a careful examination of the schools
in the Mission where the disease seems to
be central and found them in bad
condition. The district chiefly affect
ed lies In the vicinity of San
chez, Noe and Seventeenth streets.
The schools in that neighborhood
are tbe Everett, the St. Francis, the Doug
las, the Mission Grammar and the Mar
shall. The planking in the yard of the
Everett is decayed and moldy and is a
dangerous breeder of di-ease. These
schools will be ordered closed no doubt at
the meeting to be held to-morrow (Friday)
rooming, at which time the board will
meet the committee of the Board of Edu
cation, Drs. Clintoi: and Sor>er."
As to antl-tox ne Dr. Firzgibbon said:
"1 find it an excellent remedy, but I do
not rely npon it, as I am not given much
to experimenting. I use the old and tried
remedies \rith it. There are some cases —
chiefly of adults — where it does not bring
the best results. However, diphtheria
does not often attack adults. Where
promptly applied in the cases of children
anti-toz:ne seems an excellent remedy
and should reduce the death rate from
this disease very materially."
THE POLICE
PENSION ACT
Amendments to Be Sub
mitted to the Legis
lature.
To Cover the Case of Chief
Crowley and Abolish the
Age Condition.
Proposition to Amend the Consolida
tion Act by Increasing tbe
Pay of Captains.
When Chief Crowley tendered his resig
nation in February last under the mistaken
impression that he was eligible for retire
ment on the pension list it was under
stood after the resignation was with
drawn that an amendment would be pre
pared to the pension act and intro
duced at the next session of the State
Legislature covering his case, so that he
can retire if he should so decide as soon
as the amendment is passed.
The Chief has actually served twenty
three years, but six were by election, and
there was an interval of some years be
tween his last year's service by election
and his first by appointment under the
Board o* Police Commissioners. The pro
posed amendment to tbe act is to make
the term twenty years uy elec ion or ap
pointment, and not by appointment only
as the act reads at present.
There is also a proposition on foot to
furtner amend the act so as to entitle an
officer to retire from the force after serv
ing twenty years without the condition
that he must be sixty years of age or over.
This rule applies in New York and some
other cities in the East, and it is con
tended that it should in justice apply here
also.
The alleged injustice of the existing or
der of things is pointed out in this way:
A man 25 years of age joins the force and
be woula have to serve thirtv-tive years be
iore being eligible to be placed on the pen
sion list, but if a man who is 35 years of
age joins the force he has only to serve
twenty-rive years, ten years less than tha
other man. Apart from this it is argued
that a continuous service of twenty years
should entitle an officer to a pension.
Another matter in connection with the
department may also be brought to the at
tention of the Legislature at the saoie
time and that is to provide for an increase
in the pay of captains. They »re at pres
ent in receipt ol $150 a month. Patrolmen
receive $100 a month, corporals $115, ser
geants $125, and iieutenantssl4o.
Tbe difference in lavor of the captains
is to small that an attempt will be made to
amend the consolidation act so as to in
crease the pay of captains and probably
lieutenants to an amount commensurate
with the responsibilites attached to the
office.
In the Eastern cities captains receive, as
a role, much larger salaries than those
here. In New York they receive $2750 a
year; in Brooklyn $2700, and in other
cities with possibly one or two exceptions
the salaries are much larger than in this
City.
Since the passing of the consolidation
act the City has very materially increased
in population with a corresponding in
crease in crime and responsibility for the
heads of the departments, and it is now
urg»d that tho time has come when a cor
responding increase in the salaries should
be made.
SCALED THE PENCE.
The Peculiar Conduct of D. H. Patten,
a Salesman, Being Investigated '
by the Police. ' .. ',
D. H. Patten, a salesman in Noonan's
furniture-store on Mission street near
Sixth, imbibed rather freely yesterday
afternoon, and now he is in the City
Prison, awaiting an investigation into his
peculiar conduct. •
About 9 o'clock last night Dr. Albert
Hiller of. 1011 Butter street bad, his at ten
tion attracted to the rear of bis residence
by the loud barking of his dog. He
looked out and saw a man in hi 3 shirt
sleeves in the yard. The doctor seized his
revolver and. went into the yard, when the
man ran and climbed over the fence into
the yard of a house on Post street.
The doctor telephoned to the North End
police station and Policeman Harrington
was sent to investigate. He found the
man, who proved to be Patten, lying on 'his
back in the yard of the Post-street house.
Harrington thought at first he was dead,
but after shaking h'm for a while discov
ered that the man was intoxicated. Har
rington asked him how he got into the
doctor's yard, and Patten said he did not
know.
Patten was taken to the North End
station, where he was held for being
drunk. He was then taken to the City
Prison and Detectives Egan and Silvey
will endeavor to find out wbat «a^ his in
tention in climbing into Dr. Hiller's yard.
Patten had ciirnDed over the doctor's
fence from an alley that runs off Hyde
street. Tne fence is about eighteen feet
high, and how he managed to get over it
is a mystery. He lives on Polk and
O'Farreli streets.
AT THE CITY PRISON,
The Inmates Enjoy a Repast of Tur-
key and Puddlngr.
The inmates of the City Prison, through
the kindness of Captain Robinson and
Sergeant .Lindheimer, enjoyed a plentiful
supply of turkey and pudding yesterday.
Eight fat tnrkeys were supplied and each
prisoner was able to partake of the luxury,
the "drunks" having been discharged in
the morning.
The deaconesses of the Methodist Epis
copal church held an interesting and im
pressive service in the prison in the morn
ing. They were assisted by the Moody
and bankey quartet from Chicago ana
their singineof several well-known hymns
was deli htful.
TO-OAT.
I^^^^^k Natural ;f
© §«of>l|fyg JKrSI without that scalded- a
-2l§n&££raSff miik^« c -
t\^^G&Warjs' A durable result©
O vVwtSjK^^t& I never belbre obtained A
$W%reM&* bycthers ' 1
I New York Condensed §
fillfs Mai YfflMs Pills
Are acknowledged; by thousands of persons who
S?^ US Ai.: l A h |>A^rM O I> r i> y i^^C C oSsTIPA.
uiyDDilldllb oildLlilU; iitirj
With this remedy persons can cure themsalyei
Muhout Ith"1 th " least expoaur* chance •of • diet, or
change in application to ; business. The medlcin*
contains nothing that U of tna leait Injury to to*
eaoautuuuik j **k v«iu Atumu toru. at* «1 «
i*Mm . - _ ... -, , .
SEW TO-DAT.
Mn JIL/^
SAMPLE FREE
1 5c to 25c SAVED
On Each Pound You Buy -
DIRECT AT OUR STORES
WE BOS 180 STORES, THAT'S WHY
WE
BUY CHEAPER, SELL CHEAPER
YOU SAVE
Peddlers' yv : *' ; /"% .
s cr Profits
Middlemen's * X X/AllLiU
TEST THIS STATEMENT
By Calling at any of our stores and
getting a
SAMPLE OF TEA FREE!
We X.<-t V Every Kind of Tea That Grow*
HANDSOME PRESENTS GIVES.
Great Americanlmportifla Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
'344 Market st. 4 6 Ninth ~Hs&
2510 Mission st. 318 Third st.
U* Sixth st. 2008 FlUmore «t.
617 k « rn •*• 963 Market st.
1419 Polk at. 3006 Sixteenth st*
.cat Montgomery mr*. so* Second st.
1&3 Hayes st. . , 3285 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. *
*083 Washington it. 616 E. Twelfth st. ,
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, OakJaai
v - 1355 Park St., Alameda.
(Philadelphia
Sboe CO. Ho. ID Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
prettler SHOES
PRETTIER UIIVLIU
AT BEDROCK PRICES CAN BE FOUND IN
our ore than anywhere else in this city.
Shoes made after our own ideas, made to wear
wed. loo* well and fit well. We are making a
specialty of Ladles' $2 Shoes this week. Wo are
blockaded by the Spreckels fence and are com-
pelled to sell ch*-ap. You may have heard us say-
so before. But did you ever compare onr shoes
and prices with those bought from other dealers T
1 here U no retailer in this city giving the values
w» are tor $2. .Ladles' K>,:i;i>n'u, Calf button,
straight foxed, new coin toe, double soles, reversed,
button fl .*, a fine winter shoe, reduced to $2; Bold
elsewhere for $3.
•■■■^■■^■■■iMß - Ladles' " Twentieth,
«a Jlhl'' Century Lace shoes,
m an laEaJl with kid or cloth tops,
V &' l^^l ■' durable soles, straight
<&. 1.1 foxed, with kid tops
fi " ' l A I or circular vamps and
jf "a. ■ vflf ' cloth tops, pointed toe*
««*»,_ iw ' aDd pntent leather
■^^^^««^J|^^ - V tips: every pair guar-
\JJiJ{ ll " | '^ te ~^^VtJft anteed. The very lat-
»»■■— «i*SlaßßHß^Ei es:, swelPSt styles.
52.00. Reduced 10*2.
Ladles' Extra Fine llM rt^i M " > "^""
Viet Eld Button, with Vra£9 * TiT 1
either cloth or kid tops. h|H& . vjjffik
pointed or narrow square IrS^^Sk llri
toes an i patent leather 4hP W^. *mJ
tips, pliable soles. For f^ «Bk W '
one weeK reduced to 52.
&2.00.
SPECIAL- LADIES' EXTRA
QUALITY FINE RUBtERS,
extra light, reduced to 25c.
JKT Country orders solicited. '
jfgr Send for New illustrated Catalogue \
Address '.
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Franolsoo.
DR. COOK
Makes X-RAY examinations, and guarantees
a perfect cure of every case he undertakes.',:;,;
LOST MANHOOD, weakness of sexual or.
gans, nervous debility, night emissions, . ex-
hausting drains which impair both body and
brain and absolutely unfit on-> for study, busi-
ness or marriage, treated with never failing
success. Get cured and be a nan. ■ > •
PRIVATE, Urinary and „ kidney ailments,
female complaints, blood and skin diseases,
constitutional and internal troubles, rupture,
piles, varicocele and hydrocele quickly cured
without pain or detention from business.
■ WRI i X at once if living away from the city.
Thousands cured at home. Office hours — 9 to
12 a. m. mid •_• to 5 aad 7 to BP. M.' Sunday, 10
.to 12 a. M. only. • Address -
nnPTRR PR Ilf-"' 865 market street.
UUuIUn IUJIV, San Francisco, Cat.
1896 TAXES 1898
OFFICE OF ITn X TAX COLLECTOR, CITY
and County of San Francisco. •
'" XOTICE ; TO TAXP.WERa
Notice Is hereby given. In accordance with th*
requirements of the Political Code. Suction 3746.
" 1 hat the taxes ■ on a 1 personal property secured
by real proper. and one-half of he taxes on all
real property, will be due aud payable on the first
Monday in October, and will be delinquent on tbn
last .< onday in November next thereafter, at 6
o'clock v. m.. and that unless paid prior thereto 15
cent will be a ided to the amount (hereof, and
that If said one-half be nor paid before the lose
Monday in Ai ril next, at 6 o'clock p. m., au addi-
tion il 5 per cent will be add. d thereto.../- 1 ..
■ •'That the remaining one-bajf. or th<»" taxes on
all real proper: v will be payable, on and »f.er th»
first M rid;i>- in January . uexi, and will ;be delin-
quent on the!»/* Mocdav in April next thereafter
■ft -B - o'clock - ;. M., : and that, unless paid prior
th-reto 5 per cent will be added to the amount
thereof. . • ■ .■■■■■
• "That all taxes may be paid at the time the first •
Installment, as therein provided, ' is due and pay-
able." ... .. ■■••-■• ..:.• . .
■-. 'luxes paj-aWe at the office of the Collector,
floor, new City Hall. .»• • •. • .. 1
. rupont-s leet .Widening Assessment now doe
»- d payable. - ■■■ , . ; :
Office open daily from 9 a. m. to 4 p. ii. *-iiiWs
•■■'■- ' '•« •> '•■ : -■'■.■■■'• ■•' - "JAMKSJ N. BLOCK
Tax Collector of the: City, and County of San
Francisco. ■.'*:?■ , _ ... -
Dated Sun Frauds co,: October 16, 1893.
910
SCHOOL DIRECTORS
Rsv. Dr. Stebb nY Bitter
Words in a Thanks
givirg Sermon.
He Does Not Share in the Feel
ing Against the Roman
Catholic Church.
Surprised B cause Public Schoo's an^
the Sao. n 1. flu nee Thrive Side
by Side.
Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebbins preached a
Thanksgiving sermon at the First Uni
tarian Church yesterday morning at 11
o'clock. His text was from the Apocalypse,
where the hero ol Patmos beheld the
hosts of heaven as they poured forth their
praises, saying: "31e>-s;ng and «lory and
wisdom and thanksgiving and power and
mi. ht be unto God :orever ana ever."
The church was appropriately decorated
with evergreens, and rtd holly-berries
gleamed amid tbe smilax and ferns. Rev.
Dr. Wells oi the Second Unitarian Church
of th>s City read the opening lesson, which
was chosen out of the one hundred and
seventh psalm.
In his invocation Dr. Stebbins returned
thanks to the Almighty One for the great
good that has come to this land ot ours,
and that where once only savage men and
savate beasts held sway, now the acts of
civilization are enjoyed with plenty and
peace. From the book of common prayer
was read the canate don:i:io (psalm
X(_VI), beginning "0! sing with the Lord
anew song; sing unto the Lord all trie
earth." The revertn'l gentleman laid
tDeeial stre-s on tbe admonition: "Gve
unto the Lord the g ory due unto his
name; brine; an offering and come into
his courts."
"Among the beautiful attributes of the
heart, gratitude is the most lovely," said
Dr. Stebbins in beginning his discourse,
and he drew attention to the truth that in«
gratitude 13 regarded by all mankind as
one of the ugliest o: all the proclivities of
a depraved nature; a sort of of
the brute; a nl.mp>e of the unhuman, thai
belongs to the wud and untamed nature
of reckless and graceless persons.
Touching on tbe causes winch should
call the people to give thanks on the
occasion set aside by tije Pres.aent of the
United States and the Governor of Cali
fornia, Dr. Stebtins ren arked that we
may say without boasting that our country
holds within its confines as much of the
health and wealth and prosperity and
civilization of mankind as does any otuer
nation.
Thanks ought to be Ki*«>n, he said, for
the manner in which the recent campaign
was conducted and the way in whicti its
result was accepted by the people, it
was a proof of the advent of true patriot
ism and reason in the Government ol this
country, showing the power of God in
transforming the mimls of men.
"The campaign just ended may be com
pared to a campaign of a generation ago."
Baid Dr. Stebbins, "as the orderly pro
ceedings of a judicial tribunal are com
pared to a prize fight. In the time of
Andrew Jackson men frothed at tbe
month as they contended with one an
other for political preferment. In 1840,
during what was known as the hard-cider
campaign, there was still greater frenzy
among the opposing forces; but the cam
paign of 189t3 was carried on as if all the
men of the country were reasoning
human beings. Men of opposite parties
stood on the same platform and calmly
argued touching the vital points at issue
between the great parlies. For this re
turn to rational methods thanks ought to
be leturned to thai Power which guides
and determines the des.iny of nations.
"Yet beware, ye br .od of smaL politi
cian«," cried the reverend speaker, "lest
ye fail to give the people those reforms
and 1 hat relief that was promised in the
name of your parties."
The victory was won. Dr. Stebbina said,
by men wl>o in great part do not strive tor
office. Smb. men and the gr c at body of
the people are solicitors for the welfare of
the Nation and they are not to bd trifled
with.
The amelioration ol political animosi
ties was not the oniy thing for whicn to be
thankml. AH snould be grateful for the
growh 01 relaious tolerance, w ich be
tokena an advance irom crude and un
reasoning provincialism. Tne Roman
Catholic Church, with its increasing ec
clesiastical power, he said, is regarded by
borne with jt-alousy. He did not share
in ihat jealousy, but rather felt inclined
to encouraae ail works that are for the
good ol mankind. He was happy to note
that Archb shup Ireland had chosen to
show the world that his duties as a cuurch
man are not inconsistent with his duties
and privi/eges as an American ci zen.
"Asper.ties growing out of differences of
opinion are indicative ot a pr vm-ialism
that some communities find a difficulty in
overcoming, 1 ' he continued. "Our City is
advancing rapidly in this resp<-ct and is
being benefited. It is true that we live
far from the j.reat outs:de world an . that
we are shut out from many of the tnouKhts
and aspirations of tn<» nations, so that in
tliis respect we are still condemned to Have
village minds, yet we are advancing. We
have learned to realize thai N'-w York is a
bigger city than the one in wh-ch we live,
and sailor boys from Encli-h ships will
tell us thai t ey can have more fun in
London for a quarter of a dullar than they
can have in Ban Jbruncisco for a dollarand
a quarter. So as we learn of the world w^
become more charitable; more tolerant."
The speaker thought that there are
some things for which we ought not to b'
thankful. The startling irregularity with
which society in Call orn.a advances, he
sa.d, is a surprise to all who regard the
situation. San Francisco h.a the largest
and most admirab c provision for the
maintenance of tbe public schools, vet we
have probabiy a more powerful saloon in
fluence than any other c:ty of equal s:ze
in the world.
Dr. Stebbins said he deemed it his duty
to comment on the approval and appliuse
which the School Board of San Francisco
bestowed on a teacher who had sustained
clandestine relations with a millionaire.
This, he <iec ared, was not a cause f<>r
thanksgiving, bat for tbe deepest con
demnation. It was an aspect from winch
he turned with loathing and disgust. He
might s and alone in this opinion, yet lie
felt that one man at least should lift his
voice to express the s ntiments of tho-e
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YOAK STOuKS.
vvnfctLuCK & co.,
4 Leideadorff St. TeL Main 1954.
■___ -■■•■• CKNTBA I, OFFICK ." -
688 Mark St., Palace Hotel. TeL Main 6828.
Uptown Office— Bali win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Hoom) Tel Main 339.
PUBDY & ATKINSON Managers. 7
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
stations. Reference Ist National Ban*, .-,. F.
C3UCAOU. . g J tULVA,rj£_WJ-tuc Aj^aLYUttg.
W.A.CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS. JEW YORK STOCK*
Fast Wire X i«t. Unrqnaleci Service
STKICTLY COMMISSION.
Private and Bunk referenced quoted on application
Office. 3^B Montgomery St.; state o it Bid
\U. HmLuHIH. . frlvata bailor lor Ladiet
who live cli>an lives and are in favor of
rescuing innocnt children from associa
tion with s>uch i hough ts and acts.
That our Nation has bteti able to pre
vent war between England anil Venezuela
over a disputed boundary line tue doctor
hou^hi oußnt to draw forth devout
thanks. It is % proud position which has
thus been attained by our country, he
said, and the incident here referred to will
lie a lesson for the sreat powers of the
world.
"Though (fulness and care for others,"
Dr. Stebbins continued, "is the trufst
thanksgiving service. Think ot ail the
world and btrive to do good in every pos
sibie way. Think of the happy and the
sad, of the goo<J and the tad, of the strong
and the weak, of those affl cted and those
in health. Think ol your-elf and let
yourself alone, for selfishness will not
brine happiness. Think of the lonely
orphan in' the asylum, weeping bis moth
erless heart to sleep, and if you can shed
a ray of light and happiness into 'his life
do so. View the world at large, enter into
its life, is joys and its sorrows and you
will find that the highest happiness will
come from sharing the woes and happi
nesses ot the world."
'I here was a liberal contribution by the
congrei/a'iou to the fund to be ÜBed by
Dr. Stecbins and Dr. Welis for the purpose
of relieving sucn cases of want as were in
their knowledge in the effort to make the
Thanksgiving season more bright lor the
poor of the community.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,
May E Wade, Ft Helena W Mnlenney, Sacto
J O Miller, Sacramento G it McKenzle, -Napa
(t Nichols, cotch Mat A .Nichols, Scotch Flat
C B L.tkeman. Gross Val J W Bailey, Stanford
G H Hazzard, Stan tor s C Ager, Mao ford
L X Mcchesn.y. Stanfd WI 1 Harrington, tanfrd
<; F Mr.Nobie. Stockton J R I'arrott, Wood bridge
W J LJvesiy&w, Seattle Miss M Miiith, Ta<oma
a Lalurup, Seattle J '1 J n s, Kiverside
J a Donlon, Ventura . Al* Hunt, sia.jio.il
C A Green, Stau.oid Miaa A Hunt, Stanford
P L Wilbur, Stanford R H spencer, Stanford
Mrs a. H Fei ry- M ayfleld Mis* B Jerry, > ay field
Miss H I'-rry, Mr field MlssArms.rong.Mayfield
Miss Weaver, May tit-Id Miss J J 1* rry. Maytield
)i i'erry, -an Diego J 11 Tlmmons, (Hanford
L H Vaven lac, l osAng W H \\ lillamson & w,
t. J Mnsio, .-an'.n Kosa Palo Al.o
X W Hilton. Tacoma .R L Beardslee, Cal
J H Browne. Salinas W H \Ws , Lai
0 W AicLouih, .NY B J Kandall it w, Cal
Fli Meyers. Cincinnati J Wade. Stanford
i- Mnttison. Santa Cruz May Wade, do
C D Hay wood, Cal C P Kaetzel. do
<- S Dalbt*, Woods tie H L 11 us; in, do
L A .-pitzer, San Jose J H Lewis, do
L B iOvei-Bii.ni. Cal A G Kendall, Cal
\V t-cott. BaKeiHfleld WO vl'u.ker, Cal
F 8 black, .-au Jose W \V Dou< ass, Sacto
J Keitn Jr, sacio J J Vorp«-, Ohio
P Ballantyoe. i'blo Alto J B Lark In A w, Cal
0 c l^e.ter. tanfurd X A Letter,
T W Liuscott Aw, Cal Miss Linscott, Cul \
Miss WyckOlt, Cal W 'J' Itnea, >-;oc»:ton '
Miss Khea. Stockton J Khe^i. Stockton
J A Andeisun, Cal 0 X Hughes, Berkeley
W.W Black, Ho lister HMI chell, V .salia
W H Hammond, Cal G X Baker, Stockton
W C 1 uutlit, Stanford T W Miles. Stanford
C H King, Stanford W Durssen, Sacto
1) 1£ Durssen.. Sacto C . cm. on A w, Ventura
1 P Good, St Louis . J Mailers. .-an. a Rosa
-Mrs >~ coon, Hocklln J S 1/ixon, .-tanford
D B .-pooner, Stanford C A Sp<rry. >tauford
G ii Voat. Stanford B Bovd, ilr.rysvliic
F i i.erniHij, Oroville O » oout r, Be luoot .
W l'riichard, £>acto W Mul:enney. acto
Mrs J Bit>by, Berkeley Miss Blsby, Berkeley
Mrs X itoss, Hauford MUs 8 .-imons. Hanford
O s Me. one. Stockton B C Bolt, Stockton
D A Henderson, sacto H Kosi j r. -->iw:io
J McConby, Colusa D H Free, Cayucos
P Fox. San lord J Rummuiburg, Winters
a F scoit, Mapa
PALACE HOTEL.
J F Lanaftan, Stanford J W fiu-ne't, Stanford
E H Morey, do Miss >iurber, do
WM La lor Jr, uo F A Bchnelder, do
H C Turner, do Miss F Bell, do
J 8 Daggett. do Miss r. J Kuss, do
H Pomeroy. do Miss C Kuss, do
J s-ilick.s -ilick. do Mi«s Cressier, do
V H . OKt-rs, do X U Connor A w, Cal
J W Curhan, do G L I'roctor, Cal
KZ Saver, do D D Kobyln* & w, Cal
Mrs i Z Jones, do V J McCaffrey. N V
».i-s!Usiie:i, do S X Winbhip, Boston
Mis J Haskell, do J Arms- «n,- & w Boston
*liss Ferry, do P lit-.bz- 1. I'hli delphla
Miss Dudley, do I'M Hai.zell, fhfla
P a .»yres, do G Kdmon s. Palo Alto
H P Pearson, do E P Mtenson, N V
M ss H Wlnslow, do E X Dickinson, N y
GKriebn, do N L F. rry. . us Angeles
MissWehner, do BC Kmgsbury, Hpokane
Miss Martin, do Miss E b i-iall, >pokane
C H Jordan, do R E Burbauk, Spokane
H X I ■;.!••, do Ll'. Spencer, Spokane
H M Bone. do J W >wiizer. • pokane
R t Walker, do Dr W P Mills <& w, Mont
E B Willliima, do H Foliter, Portland
X Mackintosh, do Mm Je-.veii, Hi. jrliamton
Miss Dickinson, oo Mrs abm, Blnghtuiton
Miss Moody, do J Tobln <S w, BUme
MUs Fie der, do M!-s X X< idhuit, Mottton
C v >n: der, do Miss KCooper, L'kiah
F L Dudley, do W D shea. New York
W L Bell. do P V Mohum. D S N
C B Whittier, do W B Wiljjon. Chl> ago
M T Fra t, do M Harrnlamb. Paris
31rs C B Whittier, do T E uibbon. Los Ang
X G Muthi-son, do 6 vternberg. New York
J H Crlppeu, do W 1. Woociruw. San Josa
A }{ X f-phens, do B Stein man. Sacramento
G L Proc or, do Master Meinmau, Sucto
C a i.oberts, do Ktta Steinman, - ac to
R A Eddy & w, Mo.it Mrs >teinma>j, bacrmnto
■ BALDWIN HOTEL.
o W Taylor, Stockton HJi on Is, Stockton
H D Little, san Jose J J Horun, St Louis
J i. ReacK, ludiunapolls A Gret-nberg. San Jose
»_ B Hash, Stockton J Parrott Jr, St >ckton
T Winders, Ariz Is' A Bennett, Stockton
G F < dart, Berkeley Ransume, Cal Footba i
Kt-nnedy, Cal Football Carr, do
Birdsall, do Galnsberg, do
Hopper, do Walitball, do
Craig, go ' L'i'l.ow. do
Ha 1, do Simpson, do
Has.ell, do . Mc.Nutt, do ';•.:. •'..■
Avery, do Sherman. do
B uaer, do Anderson. do
Whip 1", do C»stl*ham, do
Mc.saacs. do . A V Kelly, do
b N Uickinbo hem, Cal F U Cobb <t w, Stockton
-Miss < obb -Mockton Mrs J 11 Oak, Stockton
Dr J J Eugan, Vail jo W B Burke Jr. Vacavltle
C Jiviinsi'n. Indiana J C Crooks. Hay wards
II Sebach, .-an Jose II Chase. San Jose
D P Mitchell. Palo Alto Mrs H Mitche.l, Palo A
A B Coleman, Martinez W S Coieman. Ma tines
E Levy, i hico H A Whiting, i al
C R Morse, Berkeley C W Waldron, H Cruz
A Aker»,-aii Bernardino C >■. McKeniii>, pokane
MX i erf, Berkeley C Sen 1.1. t aklund
J is Fra>er. l.lmiia J S Spencer, Saito
ii Boyu, Sactn G LVe..i> h, i hlcago
Goo li g, Berkeley B Sihwi.b. Ariz
F B fhillip-, NY. , P Metscham Jr, Stanford
U1- Mc.Natiy, tanford S E Baker &w, Chicago
It M Bonet, La E F Ha i born, La
VV li Hammond, Sacto It Edmou«ib&w, Berkeley
J R Low den. NY
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
C P Jensen. Tort Coi:a J Sawlle, Tulare
Jlii ravei c & wf, Cat Mistt i.onz.iiw, Vallejo
J W Mwyei <fe w, Vallejo W 1 Kenny, \ ullij ,
J J-ergusou &f,Me no J M Ueffreu, Wash
J C Young, Alaska V Kramer. ash
C W i oxen berg Fresno Mrs C»lkins,Sotter Creek
W Klimore, San Jo c H .-ilv' r, -ie.rH Co
J W 111. » ft, Chicago C J H>arue, Col inaville
WHi m«-is, Paso nobles D Kooke, -Nevada City
J UuiMZer, Illinois JT Bucln, an I »fa"-l
G W Jtigey, J»])ar. J W KoudUoCK, S Uafael
KHaiilns.Ti>K.lo l. C Bu<lj. Oregon
L Buslash &w, Alameda C Chriat'nso .Af. Or .
Air and Mrs Keller, Or Mist \\ Itisioiv, a i-afi>el
Miss J Magterson. -lisud Ml*s H Martin, Suisun
M Parser &f, P rtland Mrs H Walk, Portland
U X You stock on C W Cxmsiocit. PortlaDd
W > Blo<lget., tockton W Kllloti, San Jose
R Jones. San Jose - If Curran, ban-yen Bar
t Bgelow. >awyers Bur E 11 Con.ier, dlisioga
U W smith A w,Oakland J b. Higgins<&w.MoJes-o
J UCalklus,SuiterCr ek Jo oung & son.Beuicia
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T J Qulgley, >an a itosa X M Mar in. Ant och
W J Quigley, Val.ej / G Lewis. Antioch
W G ..err.tk. Puna BF«i iiyen. l.oieo
X II Houat-, Rode • JRoiman lmore
D AlcGuire, UN C a BU«. L" ■ ■
J B Robeßon, Stockton X Henry & «f, Chicago
Miss Brown, tanta Cruz J W Ellsworth. .~ta Cros
W Gaidner, Santa i ruz J P Coglan, J.iTKCley
H .N'eisou, . erkel^y g W i.obart -an Jose
J 8 j-.dwiirds, «. aKland G Sender, UtsN
L Fay. Vallejo J H Williams, VaUeJo
WC -Moore, v ailejo U J L ulllvau, N V -
Gil Wes. Portland W Hankey, wf <fc eh. 111
O B JLeburgv <fe wf, Colo JE « haney, a.i Lake
J> .1 .Vorrson, NY R Duncan. Sidney, Wash
H O Graves, Wls L M Buckley «S wf. Phiia
Mrs J LLa diaw, Phlla D McGuire, 1-ti la
H F Buck Phila X Hade, Alc»;r*z
H somme», Alcatiaz J Jooes. Alcatraz
J W ir.ajstu.an, 1.01 Ang • to Fay, Lot Aii^elea
LICK HOUSE.
T S Archer, San RaUel J li Dorety, Oakland
Kl.u-lttw, t Louis O Orr, Ventura
G ChrUmau. Ventura J Dougherty, San Jose
.Miss Eberhkrd.sKiiLlara MlssC' . berhard.sn Clara
M»s L James, San Jose MissK Eberha.d.bnClara
L s Hlg«ma, Bangor S Langdon Jr, ~iocktoa
H Berg, baa Jose . Henry Berg. :»an Jose
-Miss A »rr, Alary svllle W Downing <fe w, bulsun
J Gills. Tuttleton : T bummerland <t w, Cal
F. Hoy t, Oak, and W Lewis, Oakland •>■
C H Benlly, >aoto R i . Wertz. .NY
J T York, Napa E WlUon -i Mat«o
C Ray, Gall J Fife Jr, Stockton -
w Bernard A w,««eattle F *" Uddike. Central^
X Casper, V«lle]o - G Clears, stock tou -
M Ceary. Mock ton . •W M Mlrrlli, Belmont
J.I hoiupson, Stockton ■F E Johnson, Naaa
B F chandler, Eliutra . .*•»*»
Born Lucky.
"Be jabers, I was born lucky," said Pat
to a crowd of iriends the other evening.
"Just alter leaving th' house this mornin*
Oi wor knocked down by a cab. Wan
strate beyant that Oi fell down a coal cel
lar. Anotner strate beyant agin Oi were
lock fora thafe and takin' off boi a polace
man, an' when Oi got to worhk a bi^sione
irom the buiidin' fell and cracked my
shou.der."
"Where does the luck come in ?" asked a
bystander.
"Faith, ain't Oi aloive yet?" said P»t.—
Spare Moments.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
CHIEF WITNESS
IS NOW DYING
Mrs. Sarah 0. Spencer Gives
Up Her Life to Punish
Her Defamer.
She Secured the Indictment
Against Yon Tiedemann, but
Delays Were Too Many.
Was Injured in a Railroad Acciden
and the D t ■ ctives Did Their
Worst.
Mrs. Sarah Owens is dying at the Lick
House. She is the principal witness
againbtVon Tiedemann in the charge of
perjury against him. Being advised by
her physician, Dr. W. S. Thorne, of her
critical condition, she last evening sum
moned a reporter of The Call to her bed
side in order that before she died publicity
might be given to her rather remarkable
story.
6he made her statement asrainst the
wishes of her physician, bat insisted upon
MRS. SARAH OWEN SPENCER.
making it, saving that she could not die ■
without telling all the circumstances
connected with .ne suit against Yon
Tiedemann, which i« founded, she says,
upon an attempt made by him under oath
to biacKen her. character.
Mrs. Spencer resides with her husband
about 250 miles north of Sacramento. She
is in the City now as a witness in the
pending suit.
Mrs. Spencer was injured in a railway
accident near Texarcaua, Tax., on the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain Ruilroad, and it
is from the effects of that injury she is
now suffering. She was treated there by
the railroad physician. A stride taking
place about that time among the railroad
men she was unable to leave tbe place lor
some time. Upon finally reaching Chi
cago she went to the Palmer House ana
placed herself under the care of special
ists, but without avail.
She entered suit against the railroa i
company and secured a verdict for $20,000
damaged. The higher court to whicti the
case was appeal d affirmed the judguiem-
In the mean time the railroad a ompany,
according to its long estab ished custom,
bad had detect yes at work hunting up the
history of Mrs. Spencer with instructions
to discover something damaging against
her at all hazards.
Depositions were taken in this City be
fore Lee D. Craig.acting as conimis-ioner,
both on behalf of tbe railroad com' any
and Mrs. Spencer. A photograph of Mrs.
Spencer was introduced and shown to Yon
Tiedemann, who swore that it was the
likeness of ti.e woman who impersonated
Mrs. Cristy in the famous Yon Tiede
n»ann-Cri;-ty forgery, which was the sensa
tion of. the counts in 1891.
This testimony so Ca. ciliated to damage
Ler case in Arkansas was ruled out by tbe
courts as b- inj? inadraissib c.
Immediately upon judgment bMng ren
oered finally, Mrs. Spencer came to San
Francis o and brought the matter before
the attention of the Grand Jury here.
She had no d.ffieulty in making it cie^r
that she was n <i in this Ci.y at the time
of the Yon Tiedemann forgery and an in
dictment was, therefore, found i gainst
Yon Tiedemann lor perjury, under which
charge be is nuw in jail awaiting trial. In
the course ol her statement last evening
Mrs. Spi-ncer said :
"About three weeks before I appeared
before the Grand Jury Yon Tiedemann
called at mv home, r where I was sop-
Din,:, at 2724 Howard street. He came
into he hou-e under the guise of a doctor.
The card was sent ud. It was written in
pencil, in suuh a way that you could only
make out the word 'doctor.' My house
keeper showed him to the sitting-room.
There were oaly three others besiues nlru
in the room. My husband carried me into
the s tt.ng-room. I astte.i him w.at bis
business wa<. He answered tha; wh the
had to say to me could only be -aid alone.
I said to him that I knew of no reason
why I should grant him a private inter
view.
"He hesitated a moment and rose to his
feet, and said: 'I can make you a great
deal of trouble or can save you a great
oeal of trouoie, but to do "o my interview
must be with you alone.' I asked then
who be wa~, and he umvrereil that his
name was Yon Tiedemann. Well, in pretty
strong language I asked him 10 leave the
house. I considered him a villain. He
did so with the aisinance of my husband,
and it was only my condition that saved
him from even worse treatment.
"The Grand Jury went before Judge
Slack after listening t mv story, and in
dicted him two days later. They also
indicted Wiltins, who was his alleged
clerk.
"They were arrested and, not being
sble to g"/e bond-, are still in jail. My
home is 2M) miles north of Sacramento.
I have made two trips to testify in the
ca>e. It has been postponed from the 22d
of October to the 2.i of November, and on
t h* 12th of Novemb rit was put off to the
23d of November. I was notified by Ds
met Attorney Black to he here for the
trial. It occur* io me a very unnecessary
de.'ay, but, above all things, why they
should drag a person in the condition I
am in ana ihen not go to trial, I don't
know.
"I bave paid my own expenses out of
my own pocket, amounting to $250. 1
wrote to Jud^e Waliace asking about the
oelay and he handed it over to District
Aiiorney Black, wlio answered tbat the
Martin mu.-der case was on trial and they
decided then to put the case over to tbe
12th of November. I came down here
Monday. The train wa B late. I tele
prnphed of my coming nt D;xon. It was
then postponed io December 15. I cannot
understand the cause of that delay."
THE RAINS IN RICHMOND.
They Did Considerable Damage, Espe
cially Along Point Liboi ..venue.
The heavy rains which fell in this City
a few days ago did considerable damage
in the Richmond district by washing the
loose sand and debris into the sewers. The
resuit is that smaller sewers are com
pletely choked, and there is no outlet io
tbe main one on Point Lobos avenue.
This danger ha- to a certain extent been
foreseen by the members of the Richmond
Improvement Club, who have frequently
appealed to the Street Superintendent to
do something by which the streets and
sidewalks might be kept in toleraniy good
condition during the winter months. But
these appeals have been met with a deaf
ear, so far as this official's office was con
cerned.
At the last meeting of the improvement
club a few days since the que-tion was
brought up for renewed discussion, but in
con>equence of the reception which had
beenjj.ven previous committees from the
club who had waited on the City Hali
officials it was deemed best to live and
suffer in tbe jirespnt condition until the
nevly elected officers lake their places in
January, when a determned effort will be
made to have the Richmond district prop
erly recogn zed.
The condition of Point Lobos avenne at
the present time is nn eyesore to the Rich
mond property-owners andj residents as it
is a bed of red mud with car track rails
raised several inches above the grade, a
menace to the lives of persons who drive
o vent, especially in the night time. Those
rails are tlie property of the Market-street
railroad company and were placed there
over twenty years ago for the purpose ol
holding the franchise jand to prevent any
other company from using the avenue for
a railroad.
This condition of affairs will be rectified
in the near future if the improvement clnb
finds it at all possible.
» ♦ «
Famous Bowl*.
Though all attempts to trace the prow
of the Mayflower, whicti is said to he still
bidden in Devonshire, have been unsuc
cessful, it is in:ere«ting to find that the
Corporation of Torquay possess tbe his
toric bowls witn which Drake, Hawkins
and Lord Howard of Ethngnaro are said
to have been playinc on Plymouth Hoe
when the first news of the Spanish Ar
mada arrived. They were presented to
Torquay by Dr. Paj?et Blake, K. N.—West
minster Gazette.
'
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indica c maximum tempera:ur-- tor the
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huiidredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air procure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. , The
word "hiith" means hUh laromeiric . pressure and
Is usually accompanied' by fair weather: "low"
niers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When he pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain In probable;
but when : the "1,." Is Inclosed with ■ isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Improb
able. With a "high". in ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather .may be expected'in summer and colder
weather In winter. •-.. The reverse of, these conditions
will produce an opposite result..
WEATHER liUiiKAU RKPOBI,
United States ■ Department of Agbtcui/-
TtTBK, W'KATHKB BDBKAD, >AS FRANCISCO, I. at..
Nov. 2«. 1896. 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast '•■iy&BB&SBl
The fo lowing maximum tempera: ur«>s are re
port, d from at ions 1 i California to-day:
• Eureka 46. Fr-sno62, Man D!e*o 63,. Ked Bluff
48. San Luisi Ob spo SK, Varna 66, San Francis o
61. Los Ange.es 60. 7; :■"> .
. *-an Francisco da; a—Maximum temperature 81,'
minimum 43, mean 47. ,*,
■ An area of high pressure Is central to-nl«ht over
the upper Missouri valley. The pressure is nearly
81.0 inches. Over North Dakota the pressure Is
.90 i Inches above ; the normal.' snow and very
cold weather prevail over the country east: of the
, Rocky Mountains and to the Mississippi.:: Light
snow Is falling at Carson City. Rain has fallen at
> ureka with high northwesterly winds.
The temperature h s fallen over the entire west
ern hi.lf of the country. ■- Over Utah there has b- en
a fall of IS degrees In the las went -four I. oars.
Conditions are favorable lor heavy frosts Friday
morning hroughout ; California. .If the we ther
renmins clear t mp-ra u res near the fr«-ezlne point
wll be reached by Friday morning, Th«> following
maximum w| d-veo iiles are reported: ture^a
and V 28 nor It west.
1 Conditions are sucn that a low may come upon
the central or southern coas sof California. It the
low does not come very cold weather will be ex
perienced Friday iv > hlsSt.te.
Forecast male at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending inidnlp n November -". 18510:
Northern California— Uor.dy triday; continued
co d wea:her, with heavy frosts Friday morning:
ltgh . northerly winds. . ••■ * ;
■- outhern Callforn. a— Partly cloudy Friday; con
tinued co weather, with frosts • Friday morning;
light northerly winds.
New da— Fair Friday: continned cold weather.
U:ah — Fair Friday: continued cold weatli<-r.
Arizona— Fair : 1 rlday: continued cold weather
and possibly light fronts in the southern portion;
heavy frosts In northern portion. \ ■
' San * rend sco and v cinity — Partly < loudy
weather;, fresh northwesterly wl d. continued
cool with heavy frosts Friday morning.
'.-;-■ " ALEXANDER U. MCA DIE,
Ba*lt&< Local l-orfoa-t fflclal.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
NOVKMBEB, 1898.
IKu.
Mo.
|Tu.
I W "
|Th.
IFr.
I St.
—
Moon's PhMei
i
—
2
3
[«
I 5
6
7
©' New Mooii
%£f i Nov. 4.
—
~
—
9
10
11
12
13
14
■
~~~
3 Firs. Quart
"JJ iSov. 11.
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
~?\ Fall Moon.
'■•£/ Nov. 20.
2-J
28
24
26
24
27
28
— -
—
I
— .
• >*■ Last Quarter
.not. 27. I
29
30 I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Datrs of Departure From San FrancUoo.
STEAMER
DESTINATION. |
SAILS.
I PIEB.
Kurt-Ka.....
ArrtK
Costa Rica. .
lruck«« ....
Mm..* Ol ».'al.
tents Rosa.
Pomona....
City Puebia
Empire
Coos 8av.. . .
City Pelciniz
City Sydney
buiiol
I'orooa :
Farallon....
Columbia ..
Newport
Coos Bay
Panama ...
Coos 8ay.....
Portland
Han Diego.....
Humboldtßat
V 1c A P«t Hod
(Jreaon ports. .
N»-wpor .....;
China A Japan
Cent America
Uraya Harbor
>an Diego.....
V BQiitnit Bay.
I'nrilan I ..
."vov'27, liii
Nov'JS 10 4*
' OVJB, I.m
N'ov2B. spm
\ov29.lUau
Nov. 0,11 AM
.\ov!29. •. m
NovSO, Cam
Nov 3 . 6PM
Dec . 1. t-AU
Deo 1. Iph
Dec 1,12 if
Dec '£, 12m
Deo S.llaw
Deo a Sfm
D»C 41< am
I'tt .•:■ t
Pier IS
PM US
f ler 2
Pier 1 1
Pier 11 •
I'.urtf
Pier 9
Pier 13
Htrr II
FM 88
pass
Ptor i
Pier It
Pier 2
I*ip» !t
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Hi AMKK
From
DDK
bama Horn
Mackinaw
I'rotcreso
Trncltee
Pomona
Australia
Empire _..
Com Bay
Doric
1-arallon
Crescent City...
Costa Rica.
Corona.
Columbia
Walla Walla...
Homer
sun Jose
bunoi.....
Hare lea. .......
WefOtt
s*au Dleso. ....._ „
'rwoma...
Seattle....... ;
Coos Bay
Mum hold: Bay. ....;..„
Honolulu .".
Portland.
Newp0rt........... 4
China and Japan
Yaqmua Mair
Crescent Cltv
Departure 8ay....'......
>an Diego.
l'ortland. .........1.-....;
Victoria * Paget Bound
Coo» Fay;........
Panama ............
Newport.
Newport.
Q-e.gon por'g.. .
..Nov 27
..Nov 27
..Nov .7
..Nov VS7
..NOV 2X
. Nov 28
..Nov .8
..Nov *9
..Nov 29
..Nov 29
..No-7 30
..Nov 30
.. Dec 1
. Dec 1
..Dec 1
..Dec 1
..Deo 1
..Dec 2
. Dec 3
Dec 3
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. S. Coast and Geodetic Subvky Tide")
Bulletin Published by official V
AUTHORITY THE BCPEBINTENDKNT. )
Fri v , November 27.
BnnYises 7 .04 i Moon rises 11.61pm
bun sets 4 63] Moon seta.
November— lß96.
* -LI2 Fee: Kef. I I Fee ' ' "
»I H W| , L W| ! H v I 11.1 1. W
F««
27 1 6.4 1 1
28 •>.-!'
L. VV
29 0.(8
SO 1.00
1 .''4
2 2.47
3 334
6. a 10. lo Y.i ; 4.40 a f»:11.i4 ITS
6.8 12.11) 1.6 607 3.9 ......
H W 1. " U w
1.8 700 6.6 1.19 0.8 7.85 4.0
D.'J 7.58 5.8 2.17—0.2 8 f.S 4.2
2 6 8.16 6.1 315-00 10.06 4.4
V.'.< H.6H 6.1 4 Ufa -1 4 11.10 4.4
3.1| 8.40 6.2 4.56 —1.0 ..
Note— ln the at>ove exposition of the tides ths
early morning tides art) given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tbe
or-ier of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives thn second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the \bm tide of tbe day, except
when mere an? but three tides, as sometimes
sccura. The heights elveu are additions to the
soundings on the United State* Coast Survey
charts, except when a mluas sign (—)( — ) precedes the
height, and tu«-n the number given is subtractlvs
from the depth given by ihe char-.s.
NOTICE TO MARKETS.
' A branch of th« TJnlied States Hvdroirraphle
Offlre located In the Merchants' Etchtnico la
maintained In Saa Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and fre« 01
exi^me. .
Navigators are cordially ' Invited to vlMt th*
ode*, where complete se.s of charts and sailing
dlr<*c to is of the world are kept on baa I for com
par sou and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or Interest to ocean
commerce. ■ .-. ■ ■ ■■.-■■
The time ball on top of the batldng on ret
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minutes befogs
noon, and li dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United states Naval Ob erva.ory a- Mare Island,
Cat. .
A notice stating whether the rims bail was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day or the afternoon paper*,
and by the morning papers the following ;»v.
W. a liI'OHCI,
-.':■'• "- ■ Lieutenant U. R. N.. in charge. '
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived. , •
THURSDAY November ?a
r 8 stmr Oregon. Howison. 'Rom Santa Cruz.
Btror Yaquina. Hall. - hours from Moss Land-
Ine: produce, to Oooda-l. Perkins * Co.
- Stmr State of California. Green, bn hours from
Portland, via Astoria 42 hours: pass and mdse.
to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Point Arena, -trand, 16 hours from
Mendocino and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
docino Lumber Co.
Stmr City of Pnebla, Debney, 67 hours from
Victoria and Pußet Sound ports; pass and mdse. to
Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen. 19 hours from Caspar:
i!.V> M ft lumber o C ni>ar Lumbe Co.
St mr Arcata. Cousins, 6 . hours from < oos Bar,
via Port Orford — hours; ■ pass and mdse, to O C
A N Co. .
irgO neva, Dowlnr, 22 days from Shumatclm
Island; 6U ons concectra es, 2 bxs bullion to
A ppOlO CO i M 11. ll|{ 1 O.
B ig Pitca m. Graham. 43 days from Marshall
Isiamis; ballast, to I'anflc Press Publishing Co.
Schr Albion. The 8 n, .i daya from S.uslaw
River: iu.ll b.-r to B»ad * A C".
Bchr Neptune, Estvold. 4 days from Gra
Haibor: M ft lumber, to 8 E Made Lumber Co
srhr Mary Dod c. Hans n, bU, days irom
Kahumi; 881 bags sugar, to Alexander <fc i aid
wni.
Hchr Beulah, Johnson, 61 hours from Coos Bay:
lumber, 10 .inpson Lumber Co. Iv ,ow of .nmr
Area a. .'
, Bchr Thermae. »cbra/»llng. - days from Nehalem
River; inmber, to order.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. November 28.
Btmr Newsboy, Fosen.
Slmrßonlta. ifet-d. Coo* Bay.
Mtur Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen.
Mnp Co. iimuia. >c son. Departure Bay.
Haw bark antiago, Johnsou, HUo.
Telegraphic
rOINT 1.0808. Nov. 26.— 10 P. ic— Weather
clear; wind NW; vt-.oci y '.4 miles.
linkni.
Per State of California— L«t 45 05 N, long SB W
bktn UardlnerClty, irom Santa Hosall 1 for Ore
gon. Reported all well.
Miacettaneon*.
EDREKA. Nov 26 -The stair Humbosdt «v
launched this afiernoon.
Uiirii.-,tic Pin
FORT A DLOCK- Arrive.) NOT 26— Schr I«y
-man D Foster, troin Port Blaicoley.
TACOJiA— Arrived Not 20-bobr Azalea, from
Man Diego. ■ ■ ; ■ .
YAQUINA BAY-Arrived Novi!B-Hlmr Farul
lon. lienci' Nov 22.
SEATTLE- a led Nov 26— Br ship Ilollvrood.
foruuppnstown; itmr Signal for Astoria; schr W
F \Y It reman, lor ■ an Jose d« Ciuat«m ila.
Ci QCILLK I IVK,.- .allrd Nuv 2d-Sohr
Mor .10 Al tea River.
TATOOBH- '•-.«»! NoT26-Bark Rlobant Hi.
from Departure Bay. for Han Kranciaco.
SAN PEDRO— oaIUd .\ov 94-bour Louise, for
Umpqua.
NAVARRO— Arrived Not 28-atmr Alcasar.
bem N.v 26. •"; : ■ ■■■■ '■•-•'■■ • ■'-..-. '
ALBlON— Arrived Nov9«t-simr Alice Blanch
am, ticnc- Xov 14, i' nd -a led for Portland.'
MENDOCINO— hailed Nov .6— ocur tloboliuk
for San Francisco. . .7*
• BOWENB LA VlM.Ntl-Hallid Not 2a-Schr
Newark, for Han Kraucltco.
POINT ARKNA- Arr,r«d Nov 2e-Btmr
Whlienboro. ii.-n. « Nov 25. . r
VENIUIIA— .Nov JB-iunr Geo I^omlm.
for "4an Kranciaoo. ■"
Arrived Not -JH-HoUc John V Miller, from Port
Bla-cpey.' . . ■-, . r *
ORr y LOSANOELEB-ArrlTe4 Nov att-Bonr
Ethel Zam-. from Pun «Uwbl« ocnr
SAN HKUIUI Arr.ve.l Nuv 2H-Behr Klnurah
fro'i. i-uroKB! sahr Haul*, \ torn Umpqua. luuriMI '
FORT i»llA«lc. .Nov ta-a ut 7 M. v m
for •»■» c rancUco, . «»Vttrro,
Nov aa AIl - Ar " Nov aOr»ohr : Abbie. hence
NoV UU 2 UU SEKA5 EKA " Arr " red NN ° V aB -* ln » i'omona. hce
tFitrflfgn J'if'i,
SANJOSKDK OUATKMAIi\— Sailed Nov 26
— SblM Wachus'U. ior San Francisco.
FRKKMAXTL.K— Ai-riVL-.t .4— Bktn News
boy, for I'ort Townsend.
lUovenienU of Trans- Atlantic Steamart-
M- \\ — Arrived Xov 26-SLmr Kthiopla
from (ilas«;ow.
.'-a Nov 28— ■* ir H H Meier, from Bremen.
BRKMERHAVEN-Arnvft. out Nuv 26—* jx
Aller.
NAPL.KS— Arrived ont Nov 2-(-.Stmr bms.
OHEi.NOCK— Arrive . out Nov 26-S.:a Glr
ca«sia.
OENOA- Sailed No/ 26— simr Fulda, for New
Yoric.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr Mississippi, for
Si-w York.
T m nor foil.
MENDOCINO-Per Point Arena-168 M ft lum
ber. 3 coons chickens.
" L'ttle .!v.-r— 1 pkg spice. ■•
■ Point Arena— l keg Ibb 24 bxs butter. B cs eggs,
19 iiks noil, 6 pk-'S sundries 17 bales wool. ,
VICTi>R A-ferC.iy of Pu- Dla— l pkg mails
S"I s etc yacht and fit. In s. j .- s silk goods. 3? cs
curios. 2 bales ru*s, 30 roil* m-u: lnc. . 2 bxs fruit.
•£ pk*s mi's-, 1 sk coin. . lot. jtins, 96 ska wool, 5
Ci bailout. 106 W s hides and p.-. i*.
Vancouv-r — 09 b-I's hides 4 raise.
Sea t — 1 ess: a i»nerr. 4rs syrup 4 tubs sugar.
1 saw, 1 nkg macbiner-. 85 *ks lue-uocK, 1 bx
dru s, IS3 brtis trreen hides. 30Usksoa*, 1119 c»
2 bb s -aim n. 707 bdis bld<«s. Isk wool. 81 pka
junk 2 *ks coin. 1: cs shoes 30 p*-s lumber. 1000
bb!s lim , 10 pk;s mdse, 1 lot household goods, 2
Pk' spring*.
• Everett-«98 bdls paper. 25 kess nails, 700 bars
bullion. v
aroma— l 4 pkgs mdse, ' 31 sks oats. 4UO bars
bu in. ■ ■ •
Pon Townsend— ll cs pickets. 7 pkgs mdse, Isk
coin.
A nacortes. 18,-76 sks oats.
New Wb-.tcom— cs dry good*. 3cs cracker.
West of Fargo via Tacoma— 4473 sks wheat, 700
bf-SUs 600 qr-sKS 10. 6 sks flour, 2 pkgs uidse. 1 CS
dry goods. • ■ ■
P ■': Ti AND— Per Pta 1*"1 *" of California— 496o sks
1-08 hf-sks 11 til qr-nks flour, 3300 sis ora:i. 67P8
sks wheat. ml sks wool," i 9 sks po.ato»s, 11*0 cs
sa mon, 12.' 9 nkes paper. 081x11- sbooks.
Astoria— Bl b->l3 oranb<>rries, 11 bxs butter, 29.'2
sks oysters. 1 950 cs salmo 1, 6 bxj cheese, 12 crts
moss, 5 pices express
MOSS LANDING— Per Yaquins— 2% bxs but-
Santa Cruz - 2 bxs butter. 1 cs esgs, 30 bxs ap
plfs, 1 keg sardines. 10 0 bb's lm-.
Monterey— 3 I empty barrels, la sks bones
COOSBAY-Per \rc.ta— 35J cssaimon. 6fA
bbls salmon, 11 bales flan ieU. 1 pks lurniiure f
bz cbe se, 1 sk walnuts, 27 sks potatoes, 460 tons
coal.
Port Orford— s bxs butter.
* • n«l ~-*-*<»«
Per Yaquina— Herman Joost: Dairymen's Union:
A W Fin* A Co; Norton, 'lVUer A Co; T Grace:
Hammond A Brol: McDonouc;h it Kunyon: Arctic
1 '11 v\ or«»; standard ull Co: hi CoweU A Co; Wll
man «fc Co; C Carpy A Co: N OhUudt A Co ■ :
Per ~tate of California— Allen A Lewis: Crombie
A Co: C J Leist <fe Co: 31 P Detels: J P Thomas : G
Abbo: t: Moore. Ferguson Co: P Hlllens<& «. o: F
Lee: Willamette Pulp A Paper Co: Flint A Wise:
J H NeivDauer A Co; . Dod^e, -weenev A CO; G F
Laws: Wells. Fargo * Co; M E A Waaner: Crown
Paper Co: H Duatiam: Crown Paper Co; Hunt
Bro« Packing Co; H tils Bros; Morgan Oyster Co;
D D Whitney: F Lndmnn.
P»-rCity of Pueb a— role aw Bros: San Francisco
Chemical Works: Palm r Milling Co; V Anropos:
J Q Adams: Dunham, Carrigan & Co: Hilderbrandt
A rosener; Wells, tarzo it Co : i C Bauer Co; W
G Ricnardson: Our Mothers Milling Co: Adams
Bros; Blake, MoOU" A Towne:Tlllmann<&Bendel;
BaterA Hamilton: Belby Smelting and Lead Co;
H Cow-Il <fcCo: American Klscul Co: G A Hill; J
W McOeoch; Cahn, Nlckelsburg & Co; H Dutard:
G W McNear; American Biscuit Co: G Howard:
Adams Bros: Kverett, Fenton«t Co; G A Hi.l; E
|T >weeney A » o; Sterett P inUne Co: L W Buck
ley: Blsninjrer&Oo: Burns 'in Bros: G W Ko»e;
J K. Aroisby A Co: Dickens A Co: Getz Br s & Co;
Thomas Lougbra'i: W B Sumner<ft Co: Macondry
&Co; American Union Fish Co: E p AIII3 Co;
Chas Harley <fc Co; X F Sweeney A Co; • it E Low;
H W Craig; \V P heeler. . ■ .
Per Point Areni— Rubs. Sanders A Co: M New-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEO.R.4N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
T? A PT?/»13 first-class 1 Including
X! x\.LLJU\Btf Second-class /berth & meals
SCIiEDUHS OF SAILINGS:
State of California ..Nov. 29, Dec. 9,19, 29
Columbia Dec. 4, 14, 24*
TLrougu tickets and through baggage to all
Easiern points. - Kates and f olden uiion apiillca-
tion to •
F. F. CONNOR. Gene Agent,
630 Market, street.
GOODALL. PERKINB <fc CO.. j fcnpertntendenH
PACIFIC COAS^JTEAMSni? CO.
STEAMERS LEAVS BROADWAY Js?&.
wharf, Baa Francisco,- as follows: ■ J * i v' i .
For Mar- Island, Loring, Wrangel.' Joneau, KII- '
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., .Nov. 10, 25. ■
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port '1 own- i
send, 8«aitl«, ■ Taro ma, Everett.- A nacortes and !
New W au-om (BeMlnTham Bay, Wash.), 9a. M.
Nov. 5, 10, 15. 20, 25, 30. and every tint) lay there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
It., fit. Tat out wl.h N. P. B. ft., at Seattle with i.
N. Ky.. it. Port Townsend with Alaska si eainrrx
For I'urekH, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), str.' Pomona 2 p. m.. Nov. 1,5,9,13, >
17. 21, 23, V 9. and every four, day thereafter.
■ For Santa Cruz. Jiont^>rey. San Simeon, Cayucos, i
Port Harford (»an i vii Oblspo), Onvlota. Banta
Burbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro. East sai
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Nov. 3. 7. 11, 15, .19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
• For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hartord
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, 1 or. Los An-
feles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Nov.l, 5. 9, 13, 17, ill, 25, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter. " . . . , . .
For i-nseiiada, San Jote del Cabo. Mazallan, La
Pa» and Quaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A., v. 25tb of each month. ' -
'l he Company reserves right to change steamers i
or selling dates. Ticket — Palace Hotel, 4 j
New Montgomery street.
ttOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market m.. b<vn Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. days tc
HAWAII. SAMOA, ft«. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ID »v
AUSTRALIA. \/s.S. AUSTRALIA. \
■S. AUSiKALIA forHONUi-ULUon.y, «atui>-
day, December 5. at 10 a. m. Special party rates, !
s. 8. ALjAMKDA sails via UO -OI.LL.U and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, December
.10, at 2 p. m. awmiiMi'.iuiniii
Line to < OOLGARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. . - .. -
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO- Agents.
*• ' 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st. .-an Francisco.
COIPAGSIE GESERAL TR.I\SATLUri(|L"j |
FrencU Un? to Havri.
nOMPANY'BPIER(NKW).42 NORTH A*B
\J Rlv?r, foot of Morton st. Travelers by Qjijl J£ j
this line avoid both transit hy English railway an ; I
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a am.*i,
boat. New York to Alexandria, K&ypi, via t\»ru
tirsi-cUss •: sec-ona-oaaa. *Xlt»,
LA BRKTAGNu! Dec. 5, Noon
LA l'H ' Ml' O\K Dec. 12. sa. it
LA TOURAINK Dec. 19. 9 a. m.
LA (jAM.uu>£ m D*C Sid. 5 a. H.
LANOKMaNDIE Jan. 2
Am ruiiunuec particular* npntv to
A. FOKOKT. A gnat,
- No. S. Bowling Ureen, New York.
j. r. ruGAZI A cOh AKttHkk o Moauomerr
•venue, Han >iaucisco. _^_^^
WHITE JSTAR USE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
BKTWSKS
New York, Queenstown Si Liverpool,
>Ai1..:.» Is.* Mum \\^.iiti..
CABIN. $M> ANDtTPW^AKDI ACCORD-
Ing to etemner and accommodations CH9I
selected; second cabin, ♦ 250 and *1 . 50; MaJ.-s "o |
mi i Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from Kngland, Ire- I
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark I
through to Saa Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets, '
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured I
from W. 11. A VERY, I'ucitic Mall Docs, or at th»
Ueneral utllce of the Company, Si 3 Market street,
Uniid llotol. - U. W. KI.KTI'HEK,
Uoneral Agent Jor Pacino Coaat.
STOCKTOI STEAMERS
"-•* v Ji f. Ie r . N >°- 3 ' Washington St^
At U V. M.. f > »\J>«yjy»^n* A-ceiveii £p
mr Aooommoaauons Reserved by Telephone.
Iload'f^lglu."* m^ U " 1 l ' iroulU "we* on v<lU< »
, STEAMEKv
T. C. Walktir, J. D. Pet.r.
Umrr O»rr»tt. C'lt, of took ton.
•i<n»i>ixou<t jliun 805. Cat. Mt>. v.vi i moi . O«
lALLEJO ASD U. S.JfAYY,YARD.
hU.AMKU ''MONTICKLLO."
P*UT*t- •lbtSOA.ic. 4 and 9:30 PH.
•Saturdays „ »10:30 A. M., 4 p. *.
Banuays,.... ..'.,..:.■..... .....8 p. m.
Landing Mlssloii-stree Dock. Pier 3.
• m _ Tel. phone Black 281.
»Excnrslon trip, »jtvtu« a hours at Navy-Yard.
FOR JOSE, LOS GATOS A CRUZ
C In. AM XX ALVISO LKAVK- PIEK 1 DA L T
K> at 10 a. m. (Sundays exrepted); Alviso dully at
oP. m (SAiunluys ex -epied). Freight and Pas-
•riiner. rare between san KrancNco and AlvUo.
600! to S*n Jose. 75c. Civ su, Pisr 1 20 W.
banu Clara »v. .-Mtn Jaia. ; .■■'"■--■
RATX.ROA.O TlariU
MfsTTpIPAIS.
Trains connect with North PaolOs
: Coast Railroad. ■" " . •■'•• "-:-'.-''
WEKK DaY& »ye F. 9:11 *. M ls4N r. M.
RemrnlriK— Ar ivc M. K. 3:25 r'M.: S:VO p «■
6UNDA YH— Leave S.F. Ba. M 11:<0a m. 1 ::*,) r v.
Betnrntnx— Arrive M.K. 1:19 p. u 4:20 f.m. 7:.*5 n»> j
- Tickets for sale la Mill -Val ey or .. -
TIIO-. » O«)K * O.NH, 821 Market it., 8. F.
MIU vaUa/ and Jduaui laaiaipait *ctnic haliwajk '
Held: Mendocino Lumber <o: C X Whitney A Co:
Koss A Hewlett: Thos Denlgan, Son & Co; Dennl
sun iK tt ilgon: Martin Keusierifc Co: LL, timer;
OB smith* Co: Kohlffs &«erda-i; H . evl A Co;
Ma ,'iew tiros: Schweitzer & Co: Bunder Bro
i'er A Tata — Getz Hro.-i ■£ Co: .standard Oil Co:
Miller, Slos3 & Scott; Handon 'Woolen-mills. O K**^
N Co; Coshill « Kolin Wells, Fargo & Co ; C HenJ-
rlckson: notice. Sw^ne <fc '•>: Tntinma boughrau.
RAILROAD TRAVEL --
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN
NOVEMBER 4. 9, 14, 19. 24. 29.
Am! Kvery Fifth Da Thereafter.
Leave irom & p. C a's Ferrr Landing, too; ,•
MarKet -*t., t»t 8:00 p. m.
CD^Plft' } 01 fl mcludln* «"rth.
1 r ll A ' CI U Tourist aliens.
DAT CO \ ©1 o Flwt-claes. Incladlaf
KA ICO ' 519' e Standard '
For further In 'or ma. Uo apply a,t 613 Marlcai •
street (Grand Hotel ticuet office). £ F *»nm
B £ HA r Kl i,":^ V'Y ' * M. '.OOUM \N.
Gen. Traffic Mgc, . ■ Gen. Pass. Agt.
BOFTIIKR.Y I*A« iv ic CO3IPAITT.
(PACiriO HYNTESI.)
Tr»ln« lfiin- it nil »■•,. «!■■«• lo ,r ITO at
«AN IKAN'ISIO.
LEAVE-FltOM NovEMBEa 7. 1.00 p. M., ABJtlVj-
i *5 ! A ? U , tat ? a ?,Jo8o aud Way .St.t.ons . . »143 a
7»«0a Atlantic Express, Ogilcn a<id l'.:u»t S: »3p
7:00 a Benicia. VacaviMe. Rums y. Sacra-
mento. Orovillo and Redding via
. Davia 6549r
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vcllejo, Napa,
CaiLitoga and Santa Rosa ' 6:1
•j»Oa Nik'?, San Joru. .Stockton. lone. '
Sacramento, Mar}'B*iliu and llo.i
Blnfl > I :!.•%[•
i *SiSOa Peters and Milton *7tlSp
I SiUUa New Orleans KlliriM. Bayaond tfor
' Yoscmito), Fresno, Bakerslleld,
.Santa Ilitrliara. 1. Os Aiifc'i-s, Dem-
lug, El Paso, New Orleans and
East.... 4 1 45 r
9:«Oa Martinez and Stockton 4 :43
9:00 a Va11ej0...... 6:13r
....... Nile, San Jose, Liverworts and
Stockton...... 7:1Bp
•l:OOp Sacramento iyverSteiiniers... ...;.. *9:00p
• fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43p
OOp Martinez, San Itaniou, Vullcjo,
Napa, Calistoga, 101 Verano and .',.
Sautallosa otlS4
4iOOp Benicia, Vacorille, Woodland.
Knights landing, MarysTiile, Oro-
villo and Sacntmentn 1 1:1.1*
4sBop Niles, San Jose and I.iyennoro.... B:4SA
4:3«>pLos Angeles Express, Stockton, V
Fresno, Santa. Barbara and Los J
Angeles 10i49a 1
4i3op Santa Fo Ucmte. Atlantic I'.siiress I
for Mojav« ami Kast 1Os«a
8:O«p Kuro;ieun Mail, OjjiTen and l^ast.... 9:l^a
C:<»Oi> Ilayivartl*. Nile* ami ,San Jose 7:43 a.
17:00 !• Valley I~i-l3r
7iOOp Oregoti Kxitob?, Sacramento, Murjs-
. vilie, Redding, l'ortiaml, Tugct
Sound anil. l':ust 11:10 a
*JlO:O3p "Susstt Limited." Frei-no, Los .
■ Aagelcs, El- Paso, New Orleans
anaEaat §lg;4S»
■SANTA <ltl'/ VISION (Narrow Kaiigoj.-
■tlliA Ne«itr!(,L'<tnleivjllo,Saii.lose,l''elton,
Boulder Creek, San ta Cruz and Way
Stations .....' 5»50p
'3ilsp Newark, Centerviile, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa . Cruz ' and Principal Way
Stations MIiaOA.
4:13p Newark, Han Jose and Los (,'atos.... j 0:30 a
111i45p Hu'.ters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7:BOp
COAST IUV IMPS (third A lonnspinl Ms.)
6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y).....,. l:3Op
S:lsa San JaSO, Tres l'iuos, Suuta Cruz,
Pacltic <Ir.).f. Paso Rubles, Sun
LIII 3 Obispn. Guadalupc, .Surf ami
Principal Way Stations ........:. 7:05p
IO:4Oa San. UiKuitiulW.iy Stations »:OBp
I1:3O.\ Palo Alto and Way Stations a:UOp
*2:3opSan Mateo, Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy, Tres I'inos, Santa Cruz, !
BaUnas-MontereyiuwiraclficGrove »1O:4Oa
•3:« OP San .lost and Way Stations »:sOa.
•4:3opSan Jose ami Way Stations »«:lOa
3:30p San lose ami Principal Way Stations "S:.3ua
O::iOp San Jose end Way Stations. C::t3\
t11:45i- San .)of- bv.i' Way Stations t~:4Bp
SAN M.A.NUKO AM* ■HAHVAKU.S LOCAL.
" t*6:OOA .., ( 7:15 a
8:OOa . < «9:43 a
io uoa I Melrose, Seminary. Park, " hhSa
"sloop Fitchburg, San Leandro
3:OOp , nd ' 4:43p
4:OOp na •« 5:40p
S:OOp H>«Twiiril«. ' 6:15p
5:30p Haywards, . 7:43p
7:«0p . , . S:43p
8:OOp . _  . . _ 9:4»p
9:00p ' Rnns through to Niles. 10:30p
ttll:l3p^ From Niles. , . ■• [ ttl2:O4n-
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From fRINCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
* *7:15 9:00 11 :00a. M. J1:00 *2:30 J3:00
' *4:00 -'- 4 5.-00 *6:Cop.m.
' From OAJUHD— Foot "of BroadwiT.— *6:00 8.-00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 t3:00 »S:00 U:CO
*5:03 p.m. I '
A for Moniing. V for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays only.
I Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nifthtn only. i ■
I TTuesdajF and Saturdays. S > und» y e am. Thursday*
FRASCISCO & i\ORTH PA- '
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13-3 V
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. U. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:80 p. K. Saturdays— Kxtra, tripe at 1:M
and 11:30 p. v. *» * .••
SUNDAYS— :00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30 L
6:00. (5:20 P. *. .
i San KaTiiel to «an Fmnclaeo.
WEEK DAYS— B:IS, 7:50, 9:20. 1110 a: it«
a?^5 3 P^ln 1 d 0 6^P 8 r rdayS - Extr » tr '"
i B^' U:IU " "-' l!4ft 35 *»
j Between San Francisco and Schaetsea Park sama
schedule as above. • ■ . .
i«ave 1 Tn -ft M-t ~ Arrive ~"
«m Franclsca I oct 14. 6an Franclsca
Wikk j Sun- ue^J^jon. Bun- its"
Pays. [ days. | " eI " BMM " L n A Vs. | Days.
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 v](
8:80 pm!9:3o am I'etaluma, b:10 10:25 ah
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm ] Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1 6:22 PM
~ • Fulton, r^~"
| liSQam Windsor, 10:25 am
• Healdsburg,
1 ytton,
GeyservUle,
; 8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:"spm| 6:22 pm
I : •■•;-- Pleta, ~ " ~~~"
Hqpland &
I 7:80 AM 8:00 AM Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:28 pm
I 7:80 am ] j ~ 10:25 AM
8:00 am GuerneTllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm _J 6:22 p*
7:80 am 8. 00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4o am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7:30 am|B 0) AMI KehMt/mn! 110:40 aM|lO:2 AM
B:3opm|6:uopm| SeDa »topol. | b.lQpMi 6:2SpM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; a Ueyservllle {or ska^ifs Springs; at
Clovenlal* for the Geysers; at Pleta for Ulcnlaud
bprings, Kelse.rvtlle, Soda Bay and i-akepon; ac
Hopl»nd for Lakeport and Bart ett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy curings. Saratoga Springs, Blai £
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Homo, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Uerley's, Buck-
nell's, sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe. Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr 1 * Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bra*g, Westport, Csa!, Willets. Cahto, Co-
velo, LaytonvlllA, Harris, Scotia nod Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roand-trtp tickets at reduced
, ratea.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points '■ b>s>
' youd San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Markot st,, Chronicle trandlnfr
WHITING. 8.18U3,
•Uea. Manages. Gen. Pass. Agaofc
Atlantic "^^^^
EAILKOAD |l§"Lt?3^xP&!l
Trains leave an 1 ctrrlva *tm>Tr2rt?ii2iC^gff\
ilarket-Streei Ferry. wSwT^yinlS
sihta FE EXPRFSS. W&m
To Chicago via A. & I' . %sgSggQUTir|
leaves da M.,caiTvlne Pullman Palac*
Drawing-room and .Modern U.p>iolst**r.-d.Tourlit
bleeplng-cars, whlc.i run daily throu h .0 Chiciijo
via .Kansas City. AnntX car* for Denver aad St.
Bus on 1 xcuwl>as, v a Kansas City. Chicago,
Montreal and the White .Mountains leave every
' I'he'begt rallwav from California to the East.
New rails, new lei: no dust: In erestln* scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dlntug-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St Curonlcle 1 uildlig. Telephone
1531. . Oaklaud. UlUttroadway.
SORTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sausalito Ferry;.
. from Ban Francisco, ( omßlfrfiMg .SepL 13. IS3I
WSKKDAIfA,
for Mill Valley Ml t«Rti '.l«aia«t— •7i2s,*9jii
11: .0 a. M. *1:45. 3:4). *6 : . S •> :4j. »:30 puM
; Extra trips <o *»• :i»t»-lon Mo iiUy», ; NVedae*
days and aaturdava a. 11 (SO p. M. r
',:■;■ . SU.NDAVS.
For Mill Valley »nd s ; n ! al«ol— *8:00, •10-Ot
•iI:3J /. M. : *1 : 0, 3:00. *4:;0. 8: iBF. It.
Trains marKed • run to tea Viueiitlu.
■ HHi'liill IHAINs. -V-
For Point R"\ »■« «t.a \v;iy stat'otla— 7i2S a. m.
, AVe^kdiys, SiOO*. U Mindaye, lUi p» ii. satui*
1 • Cns'df ro -in, i «» station*— 7iaa a. m. ua«a>
4aj«i 1:45 v, M.s-aiuiJAja,. *•.*.»••»GEORGE LOWRY
HAS ONE WISH
Alameda County's Oldest
Voter Wants to See the
Century Close.
With the End of McKinley's
Term the Veteran Republican
; Will Be a Hundred.
•Anxious to See the Result of His
Prophecies Regarding the So'
dier Statesman of Ohio
Oakland Orrics Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. '26, 1896. j
. •George Lowry, the oldest voter in Ala
meda County, has one ambition. He was
born with this century and is very anxious
to Bee it close, so that he will have the
satisfaction of Deing able to prove that his
boast -regarding the successful career of
William McKinley as President was based
GEORGE LOWRY, the Oldest Voter in Alameda County, Who Was
Born With the Century and Wants to See Four More Thanks
givings so That He Can Prove He Did Right in Supporting
McKinley. He Is Willing to Depart With the Century.
on a Bure foundation. For over eleven
years Lowry has lived at Ean Lorenzo
with his daughter. Mrs. Branin.
On August 4, 1800, Lowry was born in
Fifethire, Scotland, and came to this
country in 1847. He came here with the
intention of becoming a citizen and man
ing this country his permanent home. He
took out his first papers on arrival and
was naturalized in 1852, just five yearD later.
Be cast his first vote in Endneld Town
ship, Hartford County, Conn. He voted
lor Frauklin Pierce in 1853.
• He came to California in 1872 and en
gaged in farming. Ten years later he
went East, but did not remain away from
the State very long, and on his relurn took
up his residence at San Lorenzo.
"I have just one ambition now," said
.Mr. Lowry, recently. "1 desire to live till
1900. 1 was born with this century, and
now that I have lived so long I want to
•keep it company to the end. 1 have
never cast a vot« for anybody but a Re
publican candidate, and on no occasion
uid I derive more gratification from the
result than from this last election. I pro
phesied great things if McKinley were
elected, and I am anxious lor 1000 to bs
able to see for myself that my faith was
not misplaced. If lam spared four years
longer, 1 shall be happy and ready
for the pnd."
Lowry is very bright and lively and
well informed on current tonics, and has
a good argument to advance in support of
every opinion he holds regarding the is
sues of the day.
ACME ANNUAL BENEFIT.
The Olympic Club Will Assist at the
Macdonough.
• OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 26.— The annual
benefit entertainment of the Acme Ath
.'letic Club will take place at the Macdon
• ough Theater on the first Monday evening
of next month. The Olympic Club Min
strel Company will assist, and a large
number of attractive numbers have been
arranged.
Every year the Acme Club gives an en
tertainment, but tbe programme for the
coming show is more elaborate than usual.
' There are many clever musicians in the
club and these will be on hand together
with the Press Club Quartet.
The club has evidently developed a new
press agent who is somewhat of an acro
■batic poster writer. He declares that "tbe
Acme Athletic Club, with its army of ac
.robats, gymnasts and athletes, will be seen
in thrilling and bewildering feata of every
athletic description, entirely new and
.' novel."
Mrs. Car© True Boardman will superin
tend "a grand pantomimic spectacle of
thirty of Oakland's most beautiful and ac
.complisned young ladies in songs, dances
aud specialties" ; and ac if this were not
enough for one evening, there is promised
"the greatest array of amateur talent ever
appearing at any performance."
A HOLE IN HIS SKULL
James Quintroll Dies From m Fall Off a
. Train.:
v OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 26.— James
Yhintrell, a San Francisco printer who fell
iVom the racetrack special train last even
ing, died this morning. He was a mem
ber of Typographical Union No. 2L
Quintrell and a friend had been to the
races together. They were returning to
San Francisco at the time of the accident.
Both men were standing on the rear plat
form of the third car; Quintreli'a hat blew
off and he attempted to catch it. Shage
saw he was going to fall and grabbed to
save his companion, but was unable to
do so.
When Quintrell iell he struck against a
rail and cut a horrible gash in the left side
of his head and, as was afterward ascer
tained, received a compound fracture of
the wkull. A round wound in his fore
head indicates that he struck against a
projecting spike.
The irain men saw the accident and
caused the train to be brought to a stand
still. The injured man whs at once re
moved to the Keceiving Hospital, where
he died.
Delln Fox and Ellen Yaw.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 26.— Delia Fox
and her opera company opened to a large
house at the toacdoriough Theater to
night. She will finish the week and give
a matinee Saturday.
Ellen Beach Yaw, who appears shortly
at tlie Macdonough Theater, has a fine
voice. The most remarkable point about
her singing is that she sings in her lower
register with the breadth of a contralto.
The Oakland Theater opened last night
with tha Pearson Company in "Land of
the Midnight Sun." The piece is good,
the people are clever anrt the scenery is
all new. The house was packed to-night.
(apt.iin Hadger's Plaint.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 26.— Captain
Badger of East Oakland wanted to pay
taxes yesterday on a piece oi water-front
property. When he asked for his bill he
found there was none. Assessor Dalton
does not Delieve tnat any private parties
own the water front, and pending a final
decision regarding the title he refuses to
assess it. Captain Badger desires to pay
the taxes to strengt en his title.
The IVitneft* Brought Back.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 26.— 8heriff
White has returned from Cloyerdale with
Mrs. Burgans, the missing witness in the
Devencenzi murder trial. He also
brought back the gun, wbirh is an im
portant exhibit in the case and which was
thought to be lost
THOUGHTFUL OF OTHERS
Four Little Girls Who "Were Happy
Because They Hud Made Others
Thankful.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 26.— The mem
bers of tbe Morning Glory Vine Club were
among the happiest people in this city to
day. Not that they had more turkey than
others, for tney do not belong to the
wealthy class, but becausa they had
learned by experience that "it is more
blessed to give than to receive."
The club was only organized a few
weeks aj;o, and consists of four members.
Miss Hattie Tabor is the oldest, but she is
only about eleven year.* of age. The others
are" Hel n and Flora Volmer and Alma
Strom. All live within a block of one
unother.
During their last vnoation, while their
teachers were in attendance upon the
County institute, they planned and gave
an entertainment, the proceeds ot which
were turned over yesterday to T. L.
Hierhhy for the poor. They told bow
they had raised the money and desired it
to be us-ea to make other children happy
on Thanksgiving day.
Hattie was dressed in white and yellow,
Helen in pink and white. Flora in blue
and white and Alama in red. There were
speaking, singing and tableaux, after
which the audience was treated to pop
corn-balls. The entertainment was given
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Volmer, 1183
Regent street.
Thanksgiving Service.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 26. — The
! Thanksgiving service at the Santa Clara
I avenue If. E. Church this morning was
I largely attended, the house being
crowaed. Key. T. 8. Brush preached the
! fJfrmon, which was attentively listened to.
The collection was uiven to the City
Christian Endeavor Union committee to
i assist the needy. The union gave fool,
clothing and fuel to over sixty families
last night and to-day, but still huve nearly
f'Vi h . and to U9 ° lor any who were over
looked in the distribution. Never before
has tbe work been done bo systematically
and with such unity of purpose.
1 nlkfnham Growing Worse.
ALAMEDA Cal., Nov. 26. -Joseph
*alkinham, who has resided here for the
past eighteen years, has been between life
and death for the past two weeks. His
married daughter arrived irom the East
last week to be at his bedside. He was
greatly improved early in the week, but
to-day suddenly grew worse. He is suf.
ienng from brain fever, and it is not likely
that be will live through the night.
Cricketer*' Entertainment.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 26.— The Ala
meda Cricket Club will K ive an entertain
ment, which will be an event of the season.
They have among their members such men
as Edward Brown, president; R. B.
Hogue and H. Ward, vice-presidents • I
C. Allen, D. Anderson, C. H. Brogg, E. H.
Bryan, Harry Bird, G. B. Brunei I. G. M.*
Brown, A. 8. Burr, P. F. Chambers, T.*
Collie, H. J. Cronin, J. Croll, F. C. brif
field, A. D. Hanson, Edward Hood, John
Halton. George Ireland, T. Kent, G. C.
Lewis, William Lewis, C. V. Lawrence,
Percy Levy, J. J. Moriarty, R. Morris, P.
McKerrow, J. J. R. Peel, F. 8. Price, W. E.
Pedley, Captain Rodgers, E. T. Randall,
Harold Richardson, William Snephard,
John Shephard, I. Spiro, H. Bcott, \V. A.
Sabin, C. C. Volbere, H. J. Wiffgins, A.
Waterman, Harold Ward, F. Woodrum,
John Bird, Cecil Gardner. W. H. Howard,
George Lamb, George Hell man. E. G.
Sloman, J. A. Addison, T. J. Barber.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
GOLDEN GATE
SWAINS TO MEET
A Lady Society Leader
Turns Journalist for
a Purpose.
Objects to Having Her Name
Coupled With That of a
Young Man.
Miss Riley Says That Mrs. Dilling
ham's Lack o; Fifty Cents Started
the Trouble.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 26. j
If some mutual friend be not speedily
found it is feared that the code duello will
be resorted to by two ladies of Golden
Gate. These ladies were friends, but have
quarreled, and the casus belli, as all tbe
world knows, was a masquerade ball dress.
The ladies are Mrs. Diliingham and Miss
Minnie Riley, and each is a leader of one
of the exclusive sets of North Oakland
society. Mrs. Diliingham was the first to
rush into print with her story, and Miss
Riley does not intend to be snowed under.
Tbe story in its origin was trivial, but the
developments are appalling.
Mrs. Diliingham has now declared that
Miss Riley's lover figures in the case, and
her story has so aggravated Misa Riley
that she has turned journalist and has
prepared her side of the cuse.
The following article, even including the
head, which is a little shy of the schedule,
was prepared by Miss Minnie Riley:
MORE NEWS ABOUT THE WATCH.
JUSTLY AND FAIRLY WON AT A MASQUE
BALL BY MlfcS MINME RILEY.
NOW MRS. DILLINtiHAM CLAIMS THE
PRIZE.
The friends of Miss Riley were doubtless
much surprised to reed In Wednesday's paper
so many false, absurd and one-sided state
ments concerning tbe watch won as a prise at
a masque ball on Saturday evening.
The Ureas which took tbe prize is one that
has been in Mrs. Dlillngham's possession
about two years, and one that she has worn at
many masquerades without tuc cess la win
ning raizes. She persuaded a young man that
lives at her house to ask Miss Riley to wear
the gown as she could not afford 50 cents to
attend the ball. She offered the dress as a
friend, ana of her own free wlli. There were
lour friends of Mlsg Riley preßent at the time,
and to none of them did he mention that the
prize if wou went to the owner of the dress.
Miss Riley was urged and persuaded to go to
the blllingham residence and don the dress.
Mrs. Diliingham was r.ever in better hualtb ia
her life, and not violently ill as stated. She
told Miss Minnie Riley that she could not
afford 50 cents to attend the ball, aud seemed
pleased to have her friend wear the dress, but
not once did slie mention the prize until she
had robed the young lady for the ball, feud
then she said she would expect the prize if
won. and Miss Riley said that she would di
vide with her.
Miss Riley asked if she should return the
dress that evening and Mrs. Jii.liugliam said:
"That's all right. There is no hurry at all
about Uringir.g i,ack tao dress." Miss Riley
says: "I thii k it presumptive, unju.-t, unfair
and seilish in Mrs. Pilliugham to want the
whole prize when the dress would have re
mained at home :f I had not worn It to thu
ball. She acted very shrewdiy in the manner
lv which the schemed to get me to wear the
dress, and in not mentioning the prize until I
was nearly ready for the tall. I thought it
fair to (iivide it, and each taKe half, as I told
her I would do, at:d Mrs. Diliingham knew
very well tuat by recoiirse to iaw she would
gain nothing, and she was g.ad to pay me half
iha vaiuo 01 the watch, whereupon, I gur
renderod It to her."
The $5 the young man offered Mrs. Diliing
ham on his return from the bali was not for
the watch. whlob was r.ever at any time In
Mrs. Dililngham's possession. The money was
offered as rent for ihu u>.e of the suit that even
ing. Miss Riley emphatically denies that she
ever said she would turn over the whole prize
if won to Mrs. Diliingham. "It sounds absurd
to me, " says Miss Riley, "for Mrs. Dilllneham
to say that I have taken her property and talk
about it being returned to her, and getting it
back aud so on when she never at any time
had the watch in her possession. Mrs. Dili
ingham is misrepresenting facis in saying
that 1 am betrothed and engaged to the young
man in the case. That is all her own conjec
ture and does not relate to this case at all."
Miss Minnie Riley.
It is now stated that Mrs. Diliingham
and Miss Riley's lover will "meet, " and
when they do there will probably be a
tragedy. _____________
CHURCH FAIRS NECESSARY
Berkeley Episcopalians Discuss
ing Means of Raising
Money.
R' v. G. £. Swan Thinks Ladies and
Their Work Are the Main
Support of Religion.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 26.— The pre
paration of members of St. Mark's Church
to give a bazaar have caused general dis
cussion of the recent strong denunciation
of such methods of raising money for re
ligious work. Rev. GeorKe E. Swan, rec
tor of the church, announces himself as
unalterably opposed to lotteries or any
games of chance being pressed into ser
vice for the church, but under present
conditions he does not object to fairs, etc.
The Rev. Mr. Swan is taking an active
part in tbe preparations for the coming
Episcopalian bazaar.
"If the people would follow the Biblical
injunction to give a tithe of their property
to God there would be no excuse lor fair?, "
said Mr. Swan. "There would be sufficient
funds without bazaars for tbe support of
local churches and of missionary work as
well.
"As matters stand now tbe cause of
Christianity Is mainly served by the
women. Our marriage service makes the
bridegroom to say, 'With all my worldly
goods I thee endow,' but every one knows
that as a rule tbe wife has not full acce-s
to her husband's purse, and thus she is not
wholly at liberty to give to the church as
she might wish to.
"Bat tbe women have their time and
talents, which they may rightly devote
to arranging legitimate enterprises for the
raising of funds."
The Carnot Medal.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 26.— The close
of the football season turns student atten
tion to the coming intercollegiate debate
for the Carnot medal. A series of three
debates on subjects connected with
French eduoational systems has already
been arranged by the students' congress
and Professor Gayley's ciass in argu
mentation. One of the conditions of the
Carnot debate is that it must be upon a
subject connected with tbe French Gov
ernment, hence tbe commencement of
discussion of possible lines of argument in
the final contest.
Plant for a Dam.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 28.— Professor
Soule's class in civil engineering is prepar
ing plans for the construction of a dam
with which to turn the waters of Straw
berry Creek into a reservoir to supply all
the university buildings. The reservoir is
a project of the fiuard of Regents, and the
result of the labors of Professor Soula and
his students will be at the disposal of the
board. The dam will probably be built in
Strawberry Canyon, east ot President
Kellogg's residence.
Death of Dr. Bonte.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 28.— The Asso
ciated Students have decided to pass reso
lutions expressing their respect for the
late Dr. J. H. C. Bonte and their regret at
bis death. The following committee will
prepare the resolutions: Messrs. Thayer,
Hirshfelder and Dickie.
Thanksgiving Services.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 26.— Union
Thanks.iving services were held this
morning in the First Presbyterian Church,
members of all the iocal ohurchns except
the Episcopalians participatinp. Episcopal
services were held in St. Mark's Church.
STOLE HIS THUNDER
How a Fellow- Campaigner Knocked
Out Governor Morton.
It is customary for campaign orators to
make the same speech everywhere. I
have followed Oliver P. Morton and John
Sherman, General Loqan and other famous
campaigners week alter week, and heard
the s::ine speeches over and over again
until 1 could almost repeat them. Back
in the campaign of 1876 I was making a
tour in the Wet with Oliver P. Morton
and George Sheridan, one of the brightest
speakers the American platform has ever
known, who accompanied him to do the
"funny business." Senator Morton
would" usually talk for an hour — a dull,
The American Ship Occidental, Now in Oakland Creek. Captain
Williams Was Murdered on Her Many Years Ago and the
Crew That Have Since Worked on Her Assert 1 hat Every
Thanksgiving Eve the Captain Appears on the Forward
Deck and the Murder Scene Is Again Enacted*
turgid, heavy discussion of the financial
problem, followed by an attack upon tl:e
Democrats of the South for their inhu
man treatment of the neero. By the
time be had finished tne audience would
be soaked with wise advise and valuable
information, but every >park of enthusi
asm would be quenched. Then George
Sheridan would take the platform and
wake :hem up. For an hour they would
roar with laughter or sit with their mouthg
open, fascinated by his flights of lancy.
It was a rare combination.
One night, after we had been out for a
couple oi weeks, I think at Fort Wayne,
Sheridan said : "Senator, 1 wish you
would let me speak first to-riight 1 want
to go out into the country with some
friends."
"All right," replied Senator Morton,
cheerfully, "you arrange it with the chair
man of tbe meeting."
But when Sheridan took the platform
and began to deliver Morton's Bpeech,
word for word as the latter had delivered
it every night for a fortnight, the Senator
became very uneasy. He gave all Mor
ton's arguments against inflation of the
currency and in favor of the resumption of
specie payments; he recited all the state
ments concerning the outrages in the
South; he repeated all the personal rem
iniscences of his experiences as Governor
of Indiana during tbe war, which the
Senator was accustomed to work in, until
the latter was almost paralyzed with
chagrin and amazement, and finally, when
he reached a point in the discussion of the
financial problem where Morton was accus
tomed to compare a Pompeiian gold coin
with a United States greenback, he turned
to the astonished victim of this practical
joke and said in an undertone : "Let's have
that coin." The Senator handed it over
without a murmur, and when Sheridan
had recited the eloquent peroration which
he always used at the close of his speech
and had taken his seat Senator Morton
hobbled over to the desk on his two canes
and said :
"Ladies and Gentlemen: I am the vic
tim of a practical joke. Realizing the
gravity of the issues before the American
people, I came into this campaign with a
carefully prepared speech, which I have
delivered in General Sheridan's hearing
so often that he has committed it to
memory, and he has delivered it here to
night much better than I could have de
livered it. He also is in tbe habit of
making the same speech, and I have
heard it many time?, but I lack his mem
ory, and could not repeat it to save my
life. I will therefore appeal to him not
to punish you as he has punished me, but
to give us some of his stories."
Then the great statesman sat down,
thoroughly knocked out. Sheridan re
sponded and spoke half an hour longer,
with his joke as his text, and after that if
any one suggested the idea of .his speak
ing first. Benator Morton would tell this
story. — Chicago Record.
Scotland claims tbe credit of haying the
smallest burial ground in the world. It is
situated in the town of Galashiels, between
Bndpe and High streets. It measures
only 22)4x1414 feet, and is surrounded by a
rickety wall about seven feet high. It has
been closed as a burial ground for many
years.
WAS MURDERED
MANY YEARS AGO
It Took Place in the Ameri
can, Ship Occi
dental.
Captain Williams Was t-e Vic
tim of a Sailor's Venge
"aces. V
Now the Crew Asserts That His
Ghost Haunts the Ship Thanks
giving Day.
There is a haunted vessel in Oakland
Creek. The watchman asserts that tbe
chost is harmless, but those who have
been on the vessei for several trips say
that the "spook" comes along as regu
larly as Thanksgiving.
Some years ago the vessel was in Hono
lulu, and at that time the Hawaiian Star
said: "The men in the forecastle see the
ghost of Captain Williams frequently. Off
Molokai the night before the Occidental
was towed to the Pacific Mail dock there
was a great commotion forward. The man
on watch and two other 3 who hurried
above when he called declare they saw
Captain Williams on deck. They give a
perfect description of the dead man. They
say he looked ahead intently for several
seconds, turned as if to give orders, uttered
a short agonizing groan, staggered amid
ships and disappeared. Every man for
ward corroborates this account."
Captain Williams is the restless spirit
and he was murdered on tbe forward deck
of the Occidental nearly nine years ago.
The vessel was on her way from Liverpool
to a South American port with a mixed
crew. There was trouble almost from the
start and the captain Had to be constantly
on tne watch.
One moonlight night when everybody
was below, or supposed to be, Captain
Williams went forward to see if every
thing was snug for the night One of trip
men who thought tie had been abused
thrust a knife into his back as the captain
turned to go forward. The blade pierced
his heart, and Williams, after casting an
agonizing glance around, dropped dead.
His murderer is now serving a life sen
tence in San Quentin. He and some of
bis accomplices were turned over to the
American Consul at Callao and sent to
San Francisco. Their trial resulted in the
acquittal of all except the man who is now
in the State prison.
In spite of the ghost the Occidental has
been one of the most successful vessels
trading in and out of the Golden Gate.
Latterly there have been no charters in
sight and she has been tied up in Oakland
Creek.
Watchmen pooh-pooh the idea of a
ghost, but, nevertheless, those who know
assert that about Thanksgiving time the
ghost of Captain Williams appears on the
forward deck and the scene of the killing
is again enacted.
The Occidental is one of the stanchest
vessels in the American marine. She has
been for years on U,e coast. Many of the
old pilots and sea captain^ remember Cap
tain Williams as one of the brightest and
beat of the old-time skippers.
Fifty bicycles were impounded in one
day in Paris recently Decause they had no
plates beariug the owners' name and resi
dence soldered to them, as the new law
requires.
CASTORIA
■ ' For Infants and Children.
tk« f»0- s*ljf ■ ::>>**■., ' ._. • ; It a *■■
8&lc§
GEO. F. LAB*, AUCTIOMR.
"■- Office— lO Kiarny Street.
IMMENSE AUCTION SALE THIS DAT.
Frld»v November 27, 1890.
'. -" .At 11. o'clock a. m., on the premises.- :
12 17 POST STREET.
By Catalogue: Magnificent Grand oprlgnt Fischer
Piano, splendid Upholstery, Bare Works of Art,
Valuable Pulutings, Koyai Hand- Painted China.
Finest Table Linen. Satin Wood Folding Bed, Fine
Library and Handsome Carpets. .,.:.
Great Variety Lovely Christmas Presents.
■ '■--■■ ■-. . GEO. F. LASISON. Auctioneer.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., ACCTIOIEEKS.
 S»legro<^ng— 1135 Market Street. ,
THIS DAY.
Friday ........... November 27, 1896.
At 10 o'clock a. X., at Salesroom. *
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WK WILL SELL .
AN EI, I" G ANT LINE OK FURNITURE.
Carpets, Beat of Bedding, Crockery, Glassware,.
Stoves and Kangea. .
CIIAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
1 • . — .
PXJR.NITUR.E.
I shall sell by order of Court,
The Furniture of 20 Rooms of Lodging
Mouse, 802 Montgomery St., .
...... including:
Beds, Folding Bods. Tables. Chairs,
Carpets, Ktc.
A splendid chance for good bargains. -
bale takes place at 802 Montgomery street, at 1
o'clock p. v. Saturday. November 28, 1896.
C. W. ELFVING, Commissioner*.
.'.■-' ■ 217 >-ansome »t.. 8. F.
COAST STUDIO PICTURES.
Sixty Examples of Work Already Re
ceived at the Mark Hopkins
Institute.
The local artists are now ready to wel
come a season of prosperity. They bave
painted pictures and produced sketches
which will be displayed throughout the
holiday times at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art. These pictures are to com
pose the winter exhibition of the San
Francisco Art Association. The exhibi
tion will be inaugurated Thursday even
ing next with a reception for members
only, but thereafter for five weeks the
doors of the institute will be open daily
between the hours of 9a. m. and 5 p. m.
Every Tuesday evening there will be a
musical entertainment.
The main purpose of tbe exhibition is to
promote the prosperity of Pacific Coast
artists. Should the patrons of art in San
Francisco purchase a good many of the
sketches and pictures produced for this
special occasion the painters would put
the money in circulation again. They
would not invest the coin in foreign secur
ities or lock it up in safe deposit vaults.
The artists themselves suggested many
of the leatures of this year's exhibition.
All artists dwelling on the Pacific Coast
are entitled to send pictures for display.
Membership in the association is not a re
quired condition. All artists, however,
must abide by the judgment of the jury
respecting the merits of work presented
for exhibition and no pictures will be re
ceived after November 28. The jurors
are elected by artists belonging to the as
sociation. Twelve nominations are made
and from this number the five receiving
the highest number of votes will consti
tute the committee or jury. Ballots will
be sent to artists, so that each will have
an opportunity to vote. When a picture
is rejected by the^ury that is an end of it.
There is no court of appeal.
Workmen are busy putting the interior
of tt.e mansion on the hill in good shape
for the exhibition. The conservatory at
the head of the stairway has been re
painted to get the shades desired.
Last evening the secretary, Mr. Martin,
reported that sixty pictures had been sent
in. Tne artists represented are: Sarah E.
Bender, Martha Patterson, J. R. Dickin
son, Eva Withrow, A.W. Best, H. C. Beßt,
Nellie F. Binckley, H. R. Bloomer, Char
lotte E. Bodwell, Henry J. Brewer, Anna
F. Biggs, G. Cadenasso, Louise M. Carpen
ter, Mrs. Alice B. Chittendeu, Mrs. Clark
Curtis, M. L. Dixon, Otto Dobbertin
(sculpture), Pauline Dworzek, G. Dietz,
Eva McCormick, H. Blatchley, H. b.
Fonda, Charleß R. Peters, J. D". Strong,
John A. Stanton, Aniedee Joull.n, J. M.
Gamble, H. Hammerstrorn, Annie Har
mon, Carlos J. Hittell, William Hubacek,
Mollie G. Hutchinson, Helen Hyde, Wil
liam Keith, Thomas Hill, Oscar Kunath,
L. P. Latimer, Ottilie Ljhnhan.it, Blanche
Lechter, J. Martinez, Miss de Neale Mor
gan, Chris Jorgenson, O. W. Jackson, T.
Reichard, Mabel J. Williams, J. M. Grif
fin, A. P. Niles, E. M. Pissis, Henry
Kaschen, Elizabeth Strong, Rupert
Schmid (sculpture), Mrs. Mary Curtis
Richardson, Caroline E. Rixford, C. D.
Robinson, Annie Stewart Root, Mrs. M.
Herrick Ross, Mrs. Eda Smitten, Kate
C. Thompson, Sidney Yard, R. D. Yei
land.
Many of the artists have each three or
lour examples of work. Joulliu has four,
Keith three, Hill four, Stanton five,
Elizabeth Strong four, Yelland two,
Kunath four, Helen Hyde five, Miss Mor
gan four, Mrs. Curtis four, Charles Koilo
Peters four and Latimer five.
Horace G. Platt, president of the asso
ciation, ollicially announces that Donald
de V. Graham will give a concert in the
Maple Room of the Palace Hotel on the
evening oi December 5. Mr. Graham's
generosity in assisting tne Art Association
in public entertainments is acknowledged
by Mr. Platt.
The artists desire the public to under
stand thai the pictures to De exhibited at
the institute are for sale. The painters
do not blush to say that money for Christ
mas would be acceptable. Visitors to the
institute will see a new lot of pictures this
time. The old masterly "chtstnuts" of
former loan exhibitions will not be
brought to the front.
MYSTERY OF A DEATH.
George Tremain in the Prison "Tanks"
Fending an Investigation by
the Police.
Captain Lees has a lodger in thn "tanks.'
In this particular case George Tremain is
the prisoner — a rough longshoreman, who
sometimes works in fruit orchards during
the summer months. i
"I have lived at 411 Pacific street," said
Tremain yesterday. "I occupied my room
ns often as I fell in there, and sometimes
I slept away or did not sleep at all. At 4
o'clock in the morning of Tuesday 1
dropped into the Knickerbocker saloon on
Kearny street, near Pacific. I met a woman
there. Sue was not drinking, and she said
she was very sick. She claimed to bave
no place to bleep, and I told her to go to
my room at 411 Pacific street.
"At 2 o'clock yesterday the woman fell
down the stairs, and her injuries as well
as the fact she was dying anyhow from
dropsy, resulted in her death.
"1 don't know anything further about
the affair. Who the woman is, or what I
am held here for, I know nothing."
Tremain's statement is only part of the
story that goes with the unaccounted for
death of an unknown woman whose body
is lying at the Morgue.
IjjS jlft MANHOOD RESTOREDS—
W. ,<^r Y\ W7* ,' XT £8 Won or a famous French physician, will quickly euro you of all ner.
\S\ xAJ V> A i/*\T yous or diseases of the generative organ«, such as Lost Manhood.
■^X^Mw' V > J'jlXX Insomnia, l'alns in the Back, Seminal Emissions, Kerrons Debl'lty
VT^ T f "aples. UnQtnßsa to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicooele ni?a
>T r \^^T Constipation, It stops all losses by day or night Prevents oolck.
■ ■■■::>S ■'• : ,;>*»**/ nfSßof discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea Tand
B FO £ and AFT R 1 . 018 horrors of Impotency. crPIDEJIE cleanses the liver, th«
• *.irr«.»»»L, V _Tv- > kidneys and th» urinary organs all Impurities. • '^
■- ■ jci. PIDESK strengthens and restores small weak organs. *- - .. -
Ihe reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are trembled with
*«»**««««■. CDPIDENEIstheonly kno^p remedy to cure without an operation MOOteeMmonC
Rla. A written suarantre given and money returned If sis boxes docs not effect a permanent curia
fl.oo a box, six for $5.00. by mall. Send for fbke circular and testimonial* •i«»«i l .un M ,
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale br
BROOKS' PHARMACY. 119 Powell street.
COOK & CO.
123 KeArny Street.
GORGEOUS CHINA WARE.'
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
- Beautiful Dinner Sets,
-A-*P AUCTIOMT.
The Greatest Auction Sale in History. ■
Daily at 2 o'clock p. k. and Saturday
Night at 8 o'clock.
. P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
SELLING OUT
AT HALF COST-WAGOXS, BUGGIES, CARTS
AND HARNESS OF KVhHY DE-
SCRIPTION, both New »ni
, Second-hand.
NO OFFER REFUSED
112? 1128 MISSION STREET.
MAi)K:,y\ <*■ CC.
/ >^~lsk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^W -'"* Xi ' AR:silrsT - Established
aril** in 1854 for the treatment of Private
gP jjh.wfm Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Cispu™»:*igf<* <l isease wearing on bodyand mind and
Mb wB Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcnreswhen
OBMPwHB others fall. Try him. Charges low.
J^MIIHHH <:nrp»icaar«Di<><>d. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. 1". «*f Box 19S7. San Francisco.
THOUSANDS OF MEN
SET TO WORK
What Ex ■ Corgressman
Louttit Saw in Colorado
After the Election.
The Silver Men Now Encour
aged by Seeing Business
Increase.
A Belief Growing Among Them That
McKinley Will Care for All
the Western Interests
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttit of
Stockton returned here yesterday after
several weeks in Colorado. Mr. Louttit
was in Denver at the time of the election.
He says tbe Colorado people looked upon
the result very seriously, thinking that it
would mean a retarding of the principal
industries.
The next day after the election, how
ever, men who had previously been dis
charged from the steel works and other
manufactories in Pueblo were re-employed
and in two or three days fully 1200 men
were at work in that town who hitherto
were idle. In other parts of the State
much the same thing occurred, till now at
least 3000 men are doing regular work who
before coul'l get nothing to do.
"The result is that the people are look
ing upon the election with far more
favor," aaid Mr. Louttit. "There is a better
appearance there. Colorado Springs is
probably the best business town in the
State. Thincs are humming there.
"I have rarely seen a more active
Western town. Crippie Creek was very
lively too, so I was told. I did not go up
to see it, though I have some interests
there. Pueblo is quite active now, owing
to the starting up of the various indus
tries. Leadville. which I visited, was
very quiet, owing to the strike. The
people there do not know what to expect.
"It was the opinion among the support
ers of McKinley in Colorado, and is my
own opinion, that when McKinley takes
his office he will neglect no part of the
country. He will turn his attention to
tbe West. The manufacturers and mer
chants are protected, and it is believed he
will give attention to butiding up the
merchant marine and looking after the
interests of silver. It is believed that a
high duty will be put on all foreign silver,
and that then we will buy and coin say
about $50,000,000 of our own silver each
year. This would satisfy everybody and
bring prosperity to the entire country."
Mr. Louttit says there is great interest
in the gold of the Gunnison country, and
that a good many people are now going
there to mine. There is quite a rush of
people to other gold districts. The people
coming are largely from the prairie States
and from the East.
SEW TO-DAY.
M k k k k k
Health
at
Home.
. i :. . .
". Health begins at the break-
fast table. The first meal of
the day, usually a light one,
is a very important one. Begin
right; drink
Qhirardelli's
1 Ground
Chocolate
a health food in liquid form, .
without any ■ stimulating ef-
fects.' Made Always
fresh. Absolutely pure. , Made
instantly. . •
30c a Ib. All Grocers, >
fff f f f
1112
GEORGE DE LONG WRITES
A PLAY BETWEEN DANCES
The Popular Young Society Beau Confesses to the
Authorship of " A Mortal Ghost," a Melo
drama in Four Acts.
A Psycho'ogical Study to Be
Submitted to Richard
Mansfield.
DR. HARRY TEVIS READ IT.
Stirring Scenes in Which Thunder,
Lightning and a Banshee Vie
for Supremacy.
George de Lone, the popular young
society bean, beloved of the "buds" and
approved of by the cbaperonea, has con
fessed to the authorship of a stirring
drama enioying the somewhat paradox
ical title "A Mortal Ghost."
The play was written, as it were, be
tween dances. The unusual quiet that
has prevailed in social circles during the
pa-t few weeks afforded the dramatist the
necessary time to accomplish his purpose.
Mr. de Long's idea to write a play was
born of bis desire to do better things.
After attendine a performance of the
Frawley Company In the "Matrimonial
Maze" the young man concluded that the
playwright in general was responsible for
many penalties inflicted upon a long
sufferine public, and took it upon himself
to recompense this affliction by offering a
play from his own pen. That the thought
is parent to the deed never was more
quickly and conclusively proven. As if
summoned by magic, dramatic incidents
and situations, especially situations, came
knocking at the playwright's brain, ile
manding, insisting that he give them
utterance.
It was an inspiration. De Loner's pen
could scarcely keep pace with his flow of
thought. And in less than a week the
play was completed. Of course, the term
completed is but a figurative expression.
There are many scenes that the dramatist
wants to touch a bit. Here and there an
emrance is to be thrown in, or a streak of
Jk-htning, or a thunder-burst, or a rain
cloud, or a heroic altitude. But these fin
ishing touches am not to be added until
the young author decides upon who is to
produce this offspring of his brain.
If it goes to a man star Jean's (the hero's)
part is to be comfortabiy padded; and if,
on the contrary, an actress is to shine in
it as Tola Vaseleski, a Rus-ian adven
turess, then to her go the applause-com
pel ling lines.
De Long's method of constructing a
play is not unlike that of some of our
great dramatic lights. "I write back
ward," he said to a Call representative
after he had obligingly given a hurried
synopsis of the plot of "The Mortal
Ghost" "That last act, which takes
place in a beer saloon, in which the hero
and heroine meet and embrace only to be
torn asunder by the stroi-g arm of tbe
law, wus the first scene that presented
itself to me. Her pathetic lines, 'Am I
awafce or am I dreaming?' are tue keynote
to the whole play.
"While writing the play I imagined
Richard Mansfield in the role of my hero,
Jean Dux, and I shall probably shortly
submit the play to this eminent actor.
"Of cour-e I want to see 'A Mortal Ghost'
produced," enthusiastically admitted the
playwright. "I feel confident there is
much of merit in the play, else I would
not make a fool of myself by reading it to
my friends.
"I gave the play to Dr. Harry Tevis to
read, as He is interested in all things dra
matic. He liked it immensely, especially
the scene in the beer saloon, where the
heroine is vending the liquid on percent
The Last Few Lines of De Long's New Play.
age, and although her heart is breaking,
yet she strives to be merry and do as the
others she -ees about her.
"Yes, the doctor lilted this act im
mensely and recommended me to go on
writing, and I am following his advice."
De Long has none of that suspicions
fear the well-seasoned dramatist possesses
of disclosing, before production, the na
ture and plot of bis play.
"A Mortal Ghost" tells a story of love,
intrigue and the ultimate triumph of the
law and religion over dissoluteness and
unbelief. Jean Dux loses bis fortune and
the girl whom he loves gives him up to
wed a wealthier man. Disgusted with life
he resolves to end it in an unusual fashion,
whence is derived tbe strange title. Thns
he explains his resolution in the first act:
There was a time when the world looked
bright, when love and life entwined to
gether made me forget all else. And what
maae It? Ah, it was money, money did It,
and when that was gone the world darkened,
love fled, and in tearing itself from life it has
so crippled it that it is not wenh living.
Allen— Come now. Jean, you don't mean half
you are saying.
Jean— Don't misjudge! Kvery word I sr>eak
to-night comes from a bleeding heart and a
soul whose spartt of life ia now quite dim.
'Ti* true, Henry, 1 hate the world. The
tongues with which we meet it seems will
•omo day drive m« mad. aud sometimes I atop
and wonder if lam not mad. Ah, Henry, ever
sine ■ Al left me and wove herself into another
life my hope has been extinguished. My God,
how 1 love her! Wiiat would I not do
for her, what not sacrifice for her!
When she promised herself to me
it seemed as if the whole world blazed in
glory, and whatever she touched looked
brignt and pure; but when she left me it
seemed as though the world was flooded with
darkness. Since then 1 have groped about
seekiue some place where life dwells, but in
vain. For all my life I have held all my trou
bles for myself, and not inflicted them on any
other, but now, Henry, it seems unless I
speak to some one my life bombs will burst.
Yesterday my mind was made up; I decided
to end my life. Ah, this may seem cowardly
to you. but you do not know my life. Look at
me as I am; I have nothing. Nothing to look
forward to. To be sure now for a few years I
can make my living with my hands. But
after awhile, when old age comes upon me,
what am I to do? Am I to beg from door to
door, or am Xto live on charity? Others have
GEORGE BOWEN DE LONG.
had hope and ambition to urge them on, both i
of which have been scorched in me by a
b.ighted love. Understand me, Henry, I «m
not speaking to you to-night to be persuaded
I am wrong, as what I have decided on
nothing in hell can change. What I
am telling you to-night I charge you.
Harry, is told in the most sacred
confidence. And now I shall tell you how I
shall end. It shall not be suicide; it shall be
a lingering death. I snail seek joy. You know
I have no religion — that I am an unbeliever.
To me there is no hereafter. What we do on
earth we pay for here. I have yearned often
to lead such a life as the common ruffi ins we
meet on the street who have no principles and
live by ciime. For their life I nave longed
even when I have had everytning I could
wish for, but I thought it was not for such as
me to enjoy. And when I met her I forjrot it.
Now, however, she and fortune have flown,
and I am free to try this life; if I did not I
shonld soon fill a suicide's grave, and so from
now on I can regard myself a dead ghost risen
from the dead to die Bgain. I shall take from
this life all I can, ana when death eonus it
can take nothing from jie. as I give everytning
up now. Ah, Henry, forgive me. You will
understand me some day. [Fills glass Irom de
canter on the table.] Now here is to hell and
crime ! [Drinks and dashes glass on floor.]
In his new state of a mortal ghost Jean
mingles with cutthroats ana thieves,
whom tbe author delicately refers to as
"common people." His one true love,
Allie Dutard, has married a man who beat
her brutally. By an incident only possi
ble in a play, Jean's confederate in his
mortal ghost state. Tola Vaseleski, and
his old sweetheart meet. Allie, unaware
of the sort of woman Tola is, leaves her
husband and braves the world's criticism
to make her home with her new-found
friend, and the result is her degradation.
She is branded, unjustly, as a social out
cast When Tola, out of revenge— the man
she loves lavishes his affections upon
Allie— turns the heroine into the street,
where she wanders about in the storm un
til, weak and starving, she is rescued by a
tender-hearted divekeeper. He gives her
employment, and it is in her attempt to
be merry at this work, though ail the time
her heart is breaking, that tbe author
hopes to realize his greatest triumph.
In the first act is afforded a glimpse of
society life, and De Long's description ot
an after-theater supper in a swell bache
lor's apartments is interesting.
Bays Henry Allen to his self-invited
guest: "1 think you will have to satisfy
yourself with a plain Dutch supper, and
fill up on Welsh rarebit, pickles, crackers
and beer. But yon must not blame me,
and if yon all starve it's your own fault."
Tola, the adventuress, makes her first
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1800.
entrance with a demand for a loan of £10
from Henry Allen, her former lover. A -
len is a swell, and shows bis knowledge of
the ways of the world by his speech.
"Lend, it to you, madam. When did
you ever know tbe meaning of tbe word
'lend'? Say 'give' and I will answer you
as I do now: that not one farthing of my
money shall <>ver come to you again. And
now will you let me show you out?"
The adventuress, aroused, responds:
"Hold, sir! Though you may think you
have shaken yourself iree from me, I still
hold you by one sirand. You love — you
need not turn like that — you love a mar
ried woman, a married woman, who,
thank Heaven, it snail never be your joy
to marry. I will tell you her name— it is
Mrs. Allie Dutard."
But it is in the third act that occur the
most inspiring and exciting scenes. Tola
is followed about by a banshee, that
shrieks and moans and predicts, truth
fully, the approaching end of the unfor
tunate woman. Tbe third act closes with
this won lerful speech:
You hear that scream. It is the banshee, as
you said. The evil spirit of the other world
comes back to dwell near tuis. It must be kin
to you. You are a human banshee, walking
on earth and uyer crimes you sit and gloat,
but you shall gioat no more. (Another shriek.)
Your sister calls you again. Speak! Answer
me my questions or I shall send you to her.
(shakes Tola violently; her head is hanging
and she is very still.) Bpeak ! (As he says this
he turns her head toward him and then darts
back in horror.) Deadl (Approaches her
again and places his hand upon her heart.)
Deadl (He looks at her neck and then at bis
hands— rises frantically.) Oh, mv God. sin is
terrible. What have I done ? (Approaches
her again and looks at her.) Murdered 1
(Another cry.) I had not looked lor
this; my passion must have overrun
me. Where I but thought to foster
fear I nourished death. And what will follow
now they found her here. I shall pay my life
for this crime. No! No! that must not be yet
1 must find her first. (He looks about room
and starts as his eyes rest upon a huge chest
under the window ) Ah, why not. (Rushing
forward and taking hold of her.) Come, come
over here. (Drugs her across the room and
with some effort places her in the chest.)
There, rest there. (Shuts the case and locks it.
Puts on hat and staggers to door.) No oi.e
must know I wa* here to-night. (Goes to the
table and blows out candle. As he does so the
banshee "cries, and thunder and lightning very
severe. He turns and staggers from the room.)
Curtain.
De Long's manuscript is neat and clear
and shows no erasures. It is written in a
flowing hand, a hand that trembled not
under the inspiration that gave to an
expectant world "A Mortal Gnost."
Like the tiger or lion that has once
tasted blood De Long now sleeps with his
pen in his band. "I would rather write,"
declares the dramatist, "than do anything
el^e, dancing, of course, excepted."
If ail the cabs in London were put in a
line there wou d be a total length of forty
lour miles. Yet in London there is only
standing room lor twenty-three miles of
them.
The smallest e^g in the world is said to
be that of the tiny Mexican humming-bird.
It is scarcely larger ;ban a pin's head.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
QAKLAND RACETRACK. Thursday, November a 6. 1896. Thirteenth day of the winter
v meeting. Weather fine. Track good.
148 lIRST KACi; — F| ve furlongs; two-year-old maidens: purse *iOO.
Jndex.j Horse, weight. «. 14 % »/ A str.
127 |rropl«l 113 5 ~TI il 2y.
146 Jay Wheeler 110 4 63 62 4b
132 'Xl .ad rone H3! 2 7
182 Vados 105 1 2h lh lh
127 Ur Martiu 108 7 4h By, 6V,
17 Chenda-i 110 6 6Vi 5 1 36
127 |Mans»nillo 106 3 3h 4n 7
144 j Catherine 0re«t,.106 8 8 8 8
Fin.
1%
2 4
3 ns
42
51
64
7
8
H. Martin....... 11-6
Freeman 6-5
J. Pratt 20
Joe Weber 15
Shaw.. 16
Lane 50
E. Tones 4
H. 8r0wn.....;. 30
Jockey.
Betting.
op. ci.
2
7-5
15
IS
30
15 J
9-2
£0
Pt-rfect mart.
Won handily.
Winner, E. F. Smith's b c, by imp. Maxlm-Nodaway.
Time, 1:04.
l j(j SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; purse #300.
I
Index, Howe, age, weight. i St. 14 % % St'r. Fin. Jockey.
146 Elmer F, 5 107 b .......'. 2^ 214 11 IT"" Shaw
119 ;i^Rsi Chanc-, 6...11^ 2.. '31 34 32 2^H Martin
106 Allahabad. 4...,..104 5 6 4 5Vi 4 4 38^ MltcheU ..Wr.".
13; Banjo. 6.. ll» 1 1^ IVa 11 44 Freeman
18 Don l ' l ? Pico, 3. .102 3 l* *£ 6 3 610 Joe Weber
138 SkalKaho. 3 11l 8 7ft 8? 61 10 H. Brown /.r.
138 A ltato,s 104 7 ........ 8 6 . 7V a 710 J Murphy ..
16 tiondolo, a...... 104 4 68 72 8 8 • Boremau
133 Jack Atkins, 3... 105 9 Pulled up. Heun^i
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
5-2
3
la
5
10
12
5
30
10
.3
11-5
10
10
25
60
7-2
3 ii
20
Good start.
Won driving
Winner. N. S. Hall's b g. by Portland-Fantasia. Time, 1 :17s / 4 -
-150.
THIRD Five and a half farlongs; two-year-old fillies: purse *350.
Tnd. I
Horse, weight. St^ '% Va % -. Btr. Fin. j Jocker."
A1ma...... ........105 3 ........ .31% 21 2?" 17" E. J0ne5..:.....
"7 IJ>B f 18 11 11 23 H. Murtln
""•a,--- 100 1 4h 4 1 3h 34 T. Murphy
(irandezia. 16 2 2h 31 4% 43 Heimessy
Cordova.... 96 5 58 6 4 6^ 66 MCI ntvre.' :"•;:.
\Ve:i0ma..........107 7 ........ 7 6 514 «1 „ , iiheii
"•y 8 t... ...... .....104 6 ...■■... 68 7 7 % 7* BuSame::":
Home, weight
St.
Belting.
Op. 1.
Jocke^
131
6-5
30
1 ■
8
20
80 .
25
6-5
100
11-10
25
20
500
250
123
123
1-3
'"132
Good start.
Time, 1:10.
Won driving.
Winnei, Burna <&
ateruuuse's b. f., by Take Aonce-Pionic.
1 c-i *OUKTH RACK— One and a quarter miles; purse »400.
Index.
Index. Hone, age, weight. St. Std. 14 lfr Str. Fin.
99 JOC.4 119 9 51. 61^ 41 11 Th" "77*
141 Navy Blue. 4 119 4 81 7U 7h 7U. 214 2 2
(65) Baby Bill, 6. 119 2 4% 62 3b 2? 3n '18
141 Hay market, a.... 119 810 10 618 4v. 4 A
........ He 4..;: 119 10 9 8 6% 5% B n 66
44 Long Lady,3 11(1 6 6% 4h 2h 3Vi 63 61
122 Nabopolasser. 3..110 371 9 8 -if V 78
- 14* Zaragoza. a. 119 7 21 1y 2 11 66 8 810
;....... Jim Corbm, 6... .119 6 81 34 9 9 9 -2
135 jVernon. 4 ..... 119 1 In 21 10 10 10 10
Horse, age, weight.
«t.
std.
Str.
Fin.
Moyd 15
Freeman 2
J. Narvaes. 3
shaw 15
Peters 15
W. .Martin 8-5
H. Brown 10
J. 8n llvan 15
T. Griffin 60
Boeeman 60
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. CL
30
5-2
5-2
40
30
8-5
16
12
1 0
100
Good staru Won easily. Winner, H. J. Jones' eh g., by Apache-Irene. Time, 2:121*.
1" > ) FIFTH KaCE— One mile; handicap; purse f5 ,0.
Index.
(139) Salisbury 11, 3. ...95
130 Peter 11, 4 95
140 Toralna, 3 108
(13J) Semper Lex, a. ..110
(134) The. mm, 6 10)
J4l {Little Cripple, 5. 97
Horse, age, weight.
Bfc
1
5
8
2
6
4
16
■» Mi
3Vi
5 ii
2h
6
V*
V* % Str. . Fin. Jockey. .
11° >1 ? 18 16 E. Jones.^....
4 3 3i* 22 23 H. 8r0wn.......
2h 2h Sb 84 Freeman.......;
Sk ?,, 4J^ 4% W.Martin
*?/ 4 ft 63 * 51 r. Murpny
6Vt f> Va 6 c „ R.150m...
Jockey.
I Betting.
Op. CL
2
10
3
3-2
5
10
5-2
30
9-6
V_Q
16
12
Perfect staru Won easily. Winner, Kurn>i & Watorhonse'a b. c, by Racine-Flirt. Time, 1 :43.
I ~o SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs; selling; purse «3uO.
Index.
134 I
1»9
12'
139
Howard, 6 113 2
Charles a. 6 IC4 3
KarlCochran, 3..i05 4
Candor, 5 113 1
Fly, 6 113 6
Paloierston. 8 105 6
Tuxedo. 6 107 7
Peril, a. 107|left
Horse, age, weight.
SL
V*
H 1 b
41 4 y.
5h 5 1
31 3 1
2h 2 2
7 6h
6 7
12
In-
S2*
7..
62
Str. 1
1 3 • 5haw.:..*......:
2y a H. Martin......
3 2 Mclntyre.......
410 T. Murphy
5 8.-^ Snlnlda.. .;.
6 1 '■* J. Gardner. .....
7 J.Grtff1n........
........ E Jones. ... . .'.. .
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. CU
6
6
3
5-3
6
6
20
3-2.
8
5
6
12
6
100
8-2
-(133,
142
Xai 300 * "**" for * 11 bat PerU; on e ** Ujr * Winner, B. K. Dolan'. eh. f., by r T* rant-May.tta. ' Time,
MORE OUTSIDERS
SCAMPER HOME
J 0 C at Odds of 50 to 1
Captured the Dis
tance Event.
The Holiday Crowd at Oakland
Track Picked Winners
and Losers.
Form Vividly U v trated— One Favor
ite Stepped Over tbe Line.
Salisbury II Got a G ft.
A biting northerly wind that savored
strongly of the merry jingle of sleigh bells
and fallen snow blew over Oakland race
course yesterday and kept people moving
about to keep warm. A gay holiday
throng of fully 5000 persons filled the
spacious grand stand ana betting ring.
To see the bundles of money being
wagered in the ring it would seem as
though the cry "hard times" was foreign
to our glorious climate. Pretty maidens
with luscious red cheeks all wrapped up
in their winter finery with dapper-looking
young men filled the front seats oi tbe
stand, and scattered here' and there were
sedate, motherly looking matron?, who
grew quite as enthusiastic over the finishes
as the younger generation. The different
races on the card were speckled with here
and tnere a good horse, but they were in
the hopeless minority, tbe cheap selling
platers predominating. •
The snort was again of the explosive
sort with startling and varied results.
One good, weary looking favorite scam
pered home first, and almost looked
ashamed of the fact First among the
surprise bonbons was Sly, who at odd? of
100 to 1 ran the favorite Alma to a head in
the third event decided. Then came J0 C,
the jumper, who aunexea the mile and a
quarter run on the flat with the very
spicy price of 50 to 1 about him. Both
long shots commanded substantial sup
port and caused the bookies to wince.
The track was well dried up, greatly to
Superintendent Allen's delight, and fairly
good time was tbe rule.
Mr. Ferguson's "i.oodoo" still lingers
about, for he left the 8 to 5 favorite, Peril,
at the post in tbe last race, and it is sug
gested that he immediately possess him
self of the lete t hind foot of a big Fresno
County jacKrabbit.
After a while it will dawn on somebody
thai Salisbury 11, the son of Racine and
imp. Flirt, is something more than a
plater. Ev dently handicapped on his
losing instead of his winning races, he
picked up his 95 pounds in the mile handi
cap and spreadeagled the field, winning,
pulled up, from Peter the Second in 1:43.
Semper Lei, the 3 to 2 favorite, ridden by
Willie Martin, run very much as though
be bad partaken of a turtey dinner pre
vious to bis attempt, showing no speed at
any part of t c journey. The winner, who
was quoted at 12 to 5, runs in the colors of
Burns & Waterhouse.
George Kose's youngster, Jay Wheeler,
was picked to win the opening five-fur
long dash for maiden two-year-olds, but
only succeeded in finishing second to
Tropical, the second choice. Valdos was
clearly the best horse in the race, but his
lightweight rider could not do him justice
at tiie end.
Left at the post on Wednesday Nick
Hall's gelding Elmer F was backed down
to 5 to 2 to win the siz-furiong sprint that
followed, and In a drive withstood the
challenge of tbe peculiarly ridden 2to 1
favorite Last Chance, and won by half a
length. Allahabad showed improved
form, finishing up third.
A miscellaneous band of platers started
in the mile and a quarter purse affair.
Long Lady, with W. Martin up, was a 6
to 5 favorite, reaching later to 9to 5. She
proved lamentably weak, showing away
behind the money at the end. Taking the
lead on the far turn, J O C, ridden by
L oyd and carrying 119 pounds, took up
the running and led to tbe end, pressing
the tape two lengths before Navy Blue in
2:l2J^* a very good performance. The
latter horse mom judiciously ridden
should bavo won. Baby Kill wiin third.
The last event of the day, at »>« fur
longs, was captured by Howard, nn H lv 1
shot, ridden by AI Shaw, who won pallop
ing from Charles A. Peril, tha favorite,
was left at the post.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, tive eighths of a mile, til ages,
maidens— lda P 87, 118 Lupula H7, MH i 1
LadroneOO, 148 V* dos. 87, 127 Kt:a 11 H7,
136 Marcie A 87, 144 Argestes 87, 132 Mima
O«ens 87, Soniroß7. 77 Dlamluuundo 87, 143
Rejected 102, 143 R.ipld» 107, Terraben 10^,
Iron Jacket 107, 109 Flush Ban 107.
Second roce, one mil.-, selling— ll4 Paloma
clta 98, 153 Candor 101. 141 Codu 92, 135
Modei 99, 116 Fre<t Gardner 107, 153 Tuxe.io
96, 135 Joe Htll 104, 121 Scnniiz 105. 141
Arti,:us 102, 121. Me >dow Lark 96, Nevert- 02.
T^ilrd race, one mile, two-v ear-olds— l4s In
flaminator 105, (150) Alma 102,(145) Principle
102. 144 Bernardiilo 97, (144) BiUy Vice I<js,
146 Draught 100.
Fourth race, three-quarters mile, heavy
weight, pur*. — 120 Derfarci.la 121. (118) Tea
Rose 111. 141 Flashlight 124, 93 Bellicose 132,
Moutalvo 132, America 129.
Fifth race, elevt-n-sixteenths mile, tbre«
year-olds—l4l Excuse 107, 119 Cadenza 103.
133 Isabel le 103, 73 La Flecha 103. 13ft
Petrarch 106. 117 Don Gara 106. 137 Jim Boze
man 107. 149 Jack A kins 107, (143) Sir Phi. p
106, (113) Sylvia 103, 139 Eucino 106, 138
Virgie A 107. 95 Veragua 107.
COURSING EVENTS.
A Fair Attendance at Ipglegide and
Ocean View.
The coursing events at Ingleside and
Ocean View were well attended yesterday.
The weather was cold and tha hares ran
welL
At Ingleside the events were as follows:
M. Traynor's Whip beat D. Tweedie's Dublin
Siout.
W. Peyton's Red Rover beat B. L. Connell'g
Ban Pedro.
J. Grace's Lass o'Gowrie beat M. Traynor's
Flash, lght.
M. Traynor's Valley Maid beat J. R. Diqon's
Camilla.
J. Haanor't Foxhall beat T. Brennan's Gold
King.
George Smart's Seminole beat W. Perry's
Coomassie.
J. KtL-uan's Ttssie Fair beat J. Keenan's Gas
lignt.
W. Dalton's Sally McClelland beat J. Rossit
er's Venture.
W. Dalion's Lawrence Belle beat W. Dalton's
Lijthiw ipht.
George Parkinson's Fireman oeat Cronin &
McDonald's Reliance.
Cronin <fc McDonald's Dottie Dimple beat J.
Rossiter's Kittie Scott.
J. Larkey's ispinnaway beat T. Hayes' Tuila
more.
FIKST TIES.
Whip beat Red Rover.
Valley Maid beat Lass o'Gowrle.
Seminole beat Foxnall.
Tt/ssie Fair beat S*lly McClelland.
Fireman beat Lawrence Belle.
bpinnaway beat Dottle Dimple.
SECOND TIES.
Seminole beat Whip.
Valley Mala beatTtssie Fair.
Fireman beat Spinnaway.
FINAL TIES.
Valley Maid beat Seminole.
Fireman ran a bye.
FINAL.
M. Traynor's Valley Maid beat George Park
inson's Fireman, taking first prize $30, Fire
man $20, Seminole $10, Tessie Fair, Spiuaway
and Whip Jr. $ti eacn.
Th.- match race between M. Traynor's Whip
Jr. and Cronin & McDonald's Beliauce was
postponed.
At Ocean View the events were as follows:
J. Lennon's Emsport beat E. Casserly'i
Peach.
J. C. Talbot's Lady Blarney beat E. Casserly's
Mission Boy.
J. Walton's Bobolink beat £. Tweeaie's Dub
lin Slout.
D. B. Roche's Gold Dust beat W. Flynn's Ap
plause.
J. Segenson's White Chief beat Cronin & Mo
Oonnlu'B Best Trump.
D. Toiand's Torcnlight beat J. Trade's Bel
mont.
J. Lennon's Tempest beat W. .D. Murphy's
Cliffette.
E. Geary's Electric beat E. Casserly's Califor
nia Violet. 1
FIRST TIES.
Emsport beat Lady B arney.
Bobolink b.-at Gold Dust.
White Chief beat Twilight.
Tempest beat Electric.
SECOND TIES.
Bobolink beat Emsport.
Tempest beat White Chief.
.. • . FINAL. -.--.■■":■ -t i
Bobolink beat Tempest, winning $25, Tem
pest $14, White C ief and Emsport $5 each.
•—• — • — •
The Emperor Nicholas of Russia is a
man. of moderate habits in eating. To
provide for his simple wants be has a
French chef, wno ranks as colonel in the
army. This lunctionary is profusely dec
orated, and has under his command at
court about 120 subordinates.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caia—
TIO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery «tree«,
•omerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
880 Hayea street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner 81xt«enth and Misaiou street*, ope»
Bcttl 9 o'clock.
2818 Mission streot, open untn 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. open until 9:30 o'clock.
Noxicii Oil' &ijt.i!:'ijjsGs.
ftSS* YERBA BCENA CHAP- fl
»=*' ler No. 1, Knights Rose /—^f — 1
C roix— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- — «ft— *
DAY) EVENING, November 27, at RJ
80 dock. D. 18. GEO.J.HOBE, - I/I
Secretary. In I
|3" ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
w>^ . annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Mutual H'Ctric Light Company will be held
at the office of the company, 617 Howard
street. San Francisco, California, on MONDAY
the 7th day of December, 1896, at the hour of
10:30 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of elt-ctiug a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as ma-
come before the. meeting. . ransfer- books will
close on Thursday, December 3, 1896, at 3 o'cloctc
r. M. JAMES FIBHKR. Secretary.
R^gf* MASO IC HALL ASSOCIATION —
•*•" Stockholders' meeting. Notice Is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Masonic Hall ■ Association of
the City of San Francisco, for ■ the elec-
tion of nine trustees and a treasurer, will be
held in - the Masonic ■'1 emple, in the city of fan
Francisco, on . Mo.s DAY, the 7ih day of 1 Decem-
ber, 1896. Polls will be open from 12 it until 3
p ■ M . OKU. JuHNSON. Secretary.
- &V±.CIAL. 'MiTlCLIsj.
B£S?» GAS KIXTURKS MADE To OKDKB;
»~*^ cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
BCHMIDT. 623 Golden Uate aye.
fcSjijF* BAD TENANT.-* KJECTKD FOR $4:
•***. collections made, city or country. Paclfla
tollerilon Co.. 415 jJontgv gu. room 6. Tel. 6580.
WIIATiONs >> AMJiIJ— t'LMALJt. -
LMRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
1 situation: 3 years last place; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter st. : f
GERMAN EMPL YMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VJ son St., furnishes best help of all nationalities.
VY r ANTED— AN ELDi-RI.Y AMERICAN
" woman, to do light housework or wash dishes
in a res:aurant. Inquire or address a. M., 6u2
Washlnitton St., room 59. r . . ■.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD WOULD LIKE
housework in small private family: no objec-
tion to -.mall distance in country. D. k., box 149.
this office.
COMPETENT *MKRICAN COOK AND GOOD
\J laundress will work in a neat family; city or
country; Is kind to children; wages $15 to $20.
1024 Howard St.. room 11. *.-.- ,
eat, competent woman, GOOD COOK
i.l and laundress, deMres a place in an American
family; city or country ; city references. 777 Mar-
ket st.. room 25. ■ .-■..-. : •
pERMAN WOMAN, WISHES, A SITUATION
VT as cook in a lunch or boarding house. 803
Bryant st , cor. Sixth. ; : •
U. ANTF.D-PLACE BY A YOUNG NURSE-
" irl '• of 17; can speak German. 'Adorers
1642^ Mission ->t. . . . .
SITUATION-WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
O woman, who understands I all I kinds I of cook-
ing and housework: wages moderate, "646 Minna.
ERMAN GIRL WANT-. A PLACE TO DO
r housework ad plain '- cooking. - Call -'at 71s
Valencia, bet. Mghieenth and Nineteenth.::.
'OUNG GKRMAN , LADY WOULD LIKE A
X place forgent-ral housework; $12; with refer-
ence. 1521 Webster ■"'.'-". ,r .'■
"POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG WOJAN :
•X good seamstress; assist at upstairs work; city
or country. Apply S3 Rtncon pluce. . ,*•;
tHMAN GIRL WIsHEn SIIUATION AS
i lady's maid or upstairs work and sewing- ref-
erence; first-class family only. • Address -L.'• M.
box 102, ail Office.' ■ -.-; : - 77*.
GIIRL W »NTS . GENEKA HOUSEWORK
r aud cooking in a small family;. Oakland or
AUmeda. - call or address 537 Pacific aye. Ala-
meda. : ■"•• ■ :..' ••■ ,:..-■ ■--.., ;_j -.. . . ,-
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL: GENERAL HOUSE.
U work or Janitor work from 7to 2 dally. Apply
442% Jessie st. - . , ,f*,T
RKril'K' TAIiTL " w6m\> Wi li'ti'trr LJ Xi {',
car* for an Invalid during daytime for $10 a
month. MUM, M. H., box 137. this office.
GERMAN WOMAN WITH BOY WISH Kb
I situation to do cooking and housework. 9401/3
Harrison.
pHAMBEBWORK, DINING-ROOM OR SEC-
\J ood work by experieucea girl ; city or country.
Address 813 Mission St..
ptHITiON~~WANTED BY COMPETENT
.. rook arrived from the East: best reference; no
portal*. Apply 1222 Folsom su ....
EASTERN AMERICAN LADY OF REFINE-
iniMit wishes a position an housekeeper for wi l-
ower* understands housislio d duties and managing
children; city orcoun r*f<irences given. Webb
House, room 23, 37 8. .and St. ■ . • ■
I. R NCH "L.\DY. FlltHT>t LABS LA UN -
I dress, wants work by th« day or home. 3604
Mlxteenth st. -
HI lidWOFEXPr Itll'MK HKMI RES PLACE
to take ca eoi renlden n: no objection to chil-
dren. 865^ Market St.. room IM.
ADV WOULDLTKK BIT ATI ON AnJHOUSE-
keeper; city or country. Apply 117 Eddy, r. 1.
POSITION As LA DY'S CoMPAN-
i lon or housekeeper; rood home principal ob-
ject; best references. 1 all or address 916 Fourth
aye.. East Oakland. ■ -. '- •
STR.'N(4 MIDDLE-AGED . KKMAN WIDOW
wishes situation: good cook and laundress.
Address 808 Sixteenth St.. Oakland.
L RKNCH LADY OF MIDDLE-AGE WOULD
■L like a position as chambermaid In private
family: city or country. Address X., box 98, Call.
/ ' OOD INi»USTtUOC-> GKi.MaN WOMAN
\J wp.nts place to do chamberwork and help In
the kitchen; boarding-bouse or hotel; 677 Va Mis-
sion st. .
yoCXG WOMAN DESIRES PLACE I O AS-
X slst with llgn; work and do dressmaking; un-
derstands all cutting, fitting, draping and design-
ing; 93 per week. Call Mondar at 512 Larkin st.
pOMPIi.TE.NT WOMAN WISH, a A PLACE
\J as first-class cook in a private family or first-
class boarding boose. Address D. V., 91 Ninth su
V* INCuKo . b.K HOL&K. 44 IHIKJJ M.,.\«,
» ' Market: 200 rooms: 250 to $1 60 per night:
fl 60 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable;
live bus and baggage to and from the terrr.
MIIAIIU.\3 \lAMtli-51ALii.
UNTER^&^Co! C^i^KSE^^A^TB^JAPAT
nese employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
pHINKSB AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414^ O'Farrell. Tel. E 426.
f^MINE.Sr. <£ JAPANESE: KS 1 'D. 20 YKARS:
help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 64O CIay.
JAPANESE INTELLIUKNCK AGKNCY. K. 73,
St. Ann's bldg., 6 Kd.lv st. : tel. Main 5234.
"yoUNG MAN WISIIKS POSITION WHERE
X there is no Sunday work; best of habl's and
references: with wholesale house preferred. J.
F., box 163, this office.
■yOINGM N, 27, WELL EDUCATED, HON.
X est and sober, would like position of trust;
bond and reterences given. Ad-iress T. RUP-
PERT. 631 Sacramento st.
pERMAN BUY. 16 YEARS, DESIRES AN
VJ opportunity to learn grocery business. Ad-
dress M.. box 163, this office. >
, ARBKR DESIKKS SITUATION; CITY OB
1 country; moderate wages or percentage. Ad-
dress Barber, box 9, Call Office.
WHO UNDERSTANDS HOW
\J to mate himself useful wants situation; good
references, c. box 73, CalL
AI.BEK DESIRES SATURDAY AND SUN-
day job steady. > ddre~s Barber, box 14, Call.
AN AND WIFE, GKhMA.N DESCE sr,
no children, want work on orchard or vine-
yard: man has 15 years' experience: la competent
to take charge; woman will do plain cooking; good
references. F. A. 8., box 80, onoma, Cal.
VI AN AND WIl'K (KAsTKKN PEOPLE).
i« private place; man understands care horses,
catt c and grounds: wife competent cook and
housekeeper or second work. Address A, 8., box
39, Ca 1.
Y^ YOUNG SWEDE, SITUATION AS
coachman or man about place: first-class
horseman and good gardener: best of references.
Address J. H., 1380 Twelfth St., Oakland. -
l/IRsr-CLASS BOOKKEEPER AND OFFICE
-I man will work for $50 p-r month: references
given. Addie.s LUKE H. PIKK. 667 Minna st.
v AN AND WIFE D SIRE WORK OF
■I' l any kind; will take place on ranch: man very
handy. Call or address M. \v  box 154, Call.
OUNG Gi.KMAN WA TS POSITION AS
± lunch man or any restaurant work. Address
P., box 123, this office.
V YOUNG iiAN AS NURSE OR VALET
to invalid eentleman: best of references. Call
or address K. H. LX ROY, 3 Delaware court, bet.
Powell and Mason, off sutler. ■
WEDISU MAN AND WIFK WISH TO TAKE
O charge of lodging-house or work of some kii.d:
wife good chambermaid and seamstress. P. A.
P., box 98, CalL ■-....
OUNG MAN (GERMAN) WANTS STEADY '
work: used to Hotel, restaurant, saloon or
kitchen wort:- city or country. a: dress H.
MILLER, 631 Sacramento St., room 85.
ITUATION AS IOKTEn OR BOOTBLACK
br a young colo ed man: industrious and re-
liable. W. H., box 11, Ca 1 Office, Oakland.
IV ANTE.. -BY YOUNG ...AM OF..OODHAB-
" i,s and abilities, care of a place: good refer-
ences. Address A. J. P., Eld ridge, Sonoma
County. 1 al. .
COMPETENT MAN AND WIFE FOR LAUN-
v-' dry-work; wife first-class on fancy-worK; man
can take any job in the laundry: wages moderate.
Address M. W.. box 84. this office.
OSITION ON RANCH BY YOUNG MAN;
• ompetent to lake charge; good ranch black-
smith and carpenter: understands orchard and
vineyard work in all its branches; references. C
M., 681 M 88 on st.
SITUATION WANTED AS COACHMAN;
Swedish; first-class horseman: understands
care of cows, 'i-arrieuinx, etc.; best references.
Address C. X., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
QITUVTION WANTED' BY A MECHANIC,
0 capab.e of doing most all repairs fora building;
will do most 1 anything; reference. M., box 84,
Call Office.
WANTED— A POSITION~IN WHOLESALE
tt bouse by industrious young man; willing to
start from -the bottom and work up; best of refer-
ences from last employer: will give any one 9&0
in gold coin for steady place. Address D. C, box
118, all Office.
"PitE.NCHMAN, GOOD GARDENER. WANTS
X I situation; understand to drive and take care of
horses- Address K. H., 231 Montgomery aye.,
city.
1 ICENSED ENGINEER DESIRES 81TUA-
X-J tlon: tner city or country. Address P. O.
box 2432, -San Francisco, Ca'.
\\' l-NUHESTKR HOU>H 44 THIRD. NEAR
• I Market Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to 98 per
w«H>k: fivi- bus anrl b&trensre to anil from itae Jerry.
*.KJIALIi kik.L.t' \\ ANTED.
/-VERMIN OR" SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
\JT girl, Oakland. $30; Pa o Alto, 925; Vacaville,
$16, and o.her towns. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st.
OOK, $40: NURSE, $15: 10 HOUSEWORK
\J gir s, city and country, $20 ond $25; 8 young
girls assist, 910 to $15. MIsS CULLKN, 323 Sut-
ter st. ■
■VTURSEOIRL, SLEEP HOME, $16. MISS
i li CULLKN. 323 Kntte St. ■
1 ArNDKKSS, 930; GERMAN OK FRENCH
I- second girl, $20. Miss CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
USEKEKPER, 910. MISS CULLEN, 328
sutter st. ■ ■ -. ■ ■' '
EFINED WOMAN AND CHILD AS WORK-
XV Ing housekeeper, $12. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
GIIRL FOR KITCHEN-WORK. $20. ROOM"
r etc.: head waitress: waitress. $2O and room;
waitress, $16 and room; waitress. $20: chamber-
maid and wait some, $15. room. etc. : girl fur San
Lornnzo. $20. see party here*, girl, O'Farrell st.
$20: girl. Gough st., $20: girl: Broadway, $20: girL
Octavia St.. 920; 13 gins. $16; 9 gins, $20; 23
young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month, »ss!st.
etc., nice families; housekeeper, $15; girl. Laicuna
s., 9-0: girl, Modesto, CaL. $20. MARTIN'S 749
Market st.
<-. COOKS AND GENERA . HOUSEWORK
*- girls. Pinole, see lady here at 10 a. m , 9 's-
cook, - Alameda, »-0: : waltres , hotel, country."
* 20: waitress and chambermaid $16: 2 second
tlrls. $16. C. R. HANSEN & CO.? 110 Geary s°
GOOD COOK AND HOUSE W.I UK; SMALL
, „ family: *1 5, $20; li«ht washing: fee paid by
lady. C R. HANSEN & 110 Geary st '
pHAMBKRMAID AND WAIT, COUNTRY
\J hotel. J25; girl for chamberwork and walTlnl
plain hote near city. $15; girl to attend counter
kV^'^A H ry> 20 * nd fonnd: second girl!:
$20 and $15; housework, etc MURRAY A
63^ J C?ay'st! BadlnB Employment Agents, 634 and
boo Clay st.
i A^ Y ' 6^ MAID, $25; 3 COOKS, German;
'' $25 and «30: 1 girl, 920; nurse, 920; 2 girls
for country, $25; uo:el waiters, 92 J. ■A. T.
CROSSETT, 316 Sntter st. '
W ANTKD - GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL
ice.° U n. r EWEB k ar cb* 2 ° PermODtn: S«x«
MEMBER Of GIRLsTaLL NATIONALITIES,
X' awaiting situations at MRS. BIRD'S, 721
Ellis at. v .
W OMAN COOK, * 920. HOTEL , GAZETTE,
'* 420 Keaniy st. • .
LADY TO TAKK. POSITION IN . A CHlLD-
ren's home. Apply this morning at United
Slates Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker
bu idlng. ,-
1, XP" KIKNrED SCANDINAVIAN GIRL
-i wa its 10 do general home work :In small fam-
Ily; gooo cook; best reference; city. 929 Pine at.
GIRL - FOR UPSTAIRS WORK, 915 COM-
panion for elderly lady, $20; 2 cooks, $25 and
$30; I* girls for housework. ~ ■ -
SPANISH WOMAN WISHES SITUATION IN
O American family to do cooking and house-
work. 718 Broadway. V
COOK WANTED FOR SMALL BOAKDING-
honse. 210 -teuart st. ; ■ : ;
TRONIi WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day. Room i:4, 146 a Fifth St. ■ ■
A PPRENTICK AT MAKING. 4a AN-
A tonlosu. off Jones, near Ellis. ■< . ;
GOOD- FINI.-HKB ON PANTS; - MUST BE
good. 417 Geary au
>^i^(r^n7nr^nr o^r»»wT with light
i, „.,,.- Ktt4 1; [. *<■>, ".ting: uitm sleep
a' Ui. 1- 4 •-«•- ****** «•■ - - ■ ■
|«OW» OtHU TO V© «K»KBAI. BOUSE-
Ijr wwflt{«»flftllf«wj>y> If}',Mt/,Tnr>{ tt.
/illll,,JKWlH,i ixktKitUH n». maktLv^
w_749 M*rk*t at> • _: _ : -' -
rVriQBI 1 HOOt. SOW OPKJf. FLYNN'B
1> Dies Hti/i Mukinx tiehooU 14McAl Uter
7 EARN . HK*HcCTrT*~<i A.YD IT TING:
lJBkirtpatieni».2.c. HcItOWKLL'H. t>3tf Market
OSi-.DAI.K HOUUK. Sal KLLIM, HO. TAY-
lor— loo fnmi»ii»d room«; 26c night; 91 w>»lc
AIKDKfcssjSINO, Xflic A."V./ »6c: AITEI>
noon rtauna. 10 l<-Mon«. »1 50. 1248 Mission.
WANTEIJ-MEN ND WOMKN TO LtAit.V
»» barber trade: only H week* required: tools
given and catalogue aviv o. tr. buXoiee bchool,
1615 Howard st. |
VI OST CONVENIENT AND KKSI'ECTABLE;
'M. Winchester Houm, 44 Third St.. near Market:
I.OJ rooms: 26c 10 91 60 per night; $1 50 to 91
l" r ' Hl 1. " frp"'uo» and | iairl ,» .„ ■„ Hr ,.| from ti-rrr.
-
, JlAi.u »-i.L» »,A>AJK.J>.
TTb^ILErTS4TaND~r6oM : SECOND COOkT
, 835 *5 d foond : 3 cooks, $30. $40 and 950: 3
waif $30: farmer and wife, south; 6 farmers;
2o tlem.<Kers, 8c each: cabloei-maker. city: 5
wire nail operators, and other places, etc. MUR-
63iand63 t 6C?ay's^ adlDg E«n P .o y mentAg^
KLLBOY WITH GOOD REFI-RENCEs. $25
. C. R. HANSE -. & CO.. 110 Oeary su'
P HIEF COOK. HOTEL, $80. C. R. HANSEN
V. A CO.. 110 Geary st.
POOR, $9 A WEEK; COOK. 75 CENTS A DAY:
\J 3 dishwashers. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st. '
IVJURSK. $S0 AND ROOM, CALL EARLY.
1\ MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
pOOK. COUNTRY $40 AND ROOM.
\J MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. wia.
AN AND WIFE AS COOK AND HELPER
$35. room, etc. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
ERMA.NOIHIWA.NTB AN INDUSTRIOUS
VT man as partner, with $ 60 capital. in first-class
delicacies, bakery, notions store and milk depo ;
good locution; no opposition; will guarantee $45
and board by doing our own work. Apply 114.
Second -it.
ANTED — COMPANION WITH >-OME
means to go south camping; best outfit in the
Stare furnished; rare opportunity. Call at 222
Ninth at. before 11 a. m. .
\V ANTKD— A V iUNG MAN TO ATTEND
'» store In manufacturing business: an oppor-
tunity .0 Ie: m a ijood trade; must have $125. Ap-
ply room 10, .3 Kearny st. . . -
\A[ ANTED — AN ACTIVE AND I.NTELLI"
»» gent young man as salesman and driver for a I
wholesale liquor-house Address S., box 115, Call. 1
\\? ANTED— IN JKWELKY-STORK, A BOV^
» » about 16 years d: good references. Address
B. R., ox 151. this i-fflce.
WANTED— ALL-BOUND MAN -ON BMAIL
country place: small wages. Address B. M M
Mercury office, ' van Jose, Cal. ;' r
i. OY 10 OK 12 YEARS OLD TO GO IN THE
I> country. Address P., box 88, Call Office.
AN ■ ED— DISHWASHER AT 43 SECOND
street.
ANTED— YOUNG MAN TO DO CHOBEts
' T on a farm: wages $10. Call at 501 Harrison.
ood KK&TAURaaT cook. 1807 haight
St.: call early. '
PIANIST AND SONG-AND-DANCE ARTIST.
X Cail 10 o'clock, at. George Hotel, 812 Kearny.
"youNG BOY AT 318 BUSH (STREET. '
U AX - THRKAD OPERATOR. - PORTER,
'' SCLEssiNGER & C. > 7 and 9 Battery st.
MAN WITH;SOME balloon experience
who makes nyorogeu g 13. 1.7 Page st. .
AN lED MAN ANIt WIFE; T. 1 c MAN TO
work in and understand raisin vineyard, wife
to cook for men; must have references. Address
2., box 100, Call. .
W ANT..D— 2 OR 3 SOBER SHOEMAKERS
'» on repair ng, at once. 749 Mission St.
\\r ANTED— MEN TO-DAY TO EAT BEST
» » 6c and 10c meals, old Economy, 410 Kearny.
XMKSST-CLAS^ CABINkT-MAKKB WANTED.'
J FINCK <fc SCHINDLKR, 1309 Market sU
| < AKit«,K.Vi' r l l>l', LNIVJ.N j..il»*lA>lf-
i ' ment secr»iary. CONRAD IROKLL. 657ciar.
ARBKK-_F(IH EMPLOYMENT CALL SEa
XJ P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCH3, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary. H. BERNARD, 102 r-eventh sL
AKBERS-2-CHAIR SHOP: CHEAP; GOOD
location. DECKKLMAN BROS.. 108 Ellis St.
\\i ANTED, 10 COLLECT WAUJu I>UU.
'» ers&clertca. KNOX Collection A gey. 110 Sutler
OCHOOLTEACHERS (COUNTRY) DESIRING
0 remunerative employment; odd hours or all
time. B. W. McGAKVIE. 636 Mission st.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order; $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. blxtb.
J ■'OR FULL AND CLEAN 10c .uKAL OB
X coffee and cakes 5c go to 13y a Grant aye.
LCHO HOU-K, 8631^ MARKET ST.— ROOMS
20c, 2oc to 600 night; $1 to »3 wage -- . >  ..
ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITEU
tales Marine Corps. United States Navy;
able-bodied unmarried men, between the aces of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legal. y d dared their Intention
to become citizens; must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read and write Sngllstn
and between 6 fe ■ t 6 Inches and 6 feet in height.' '
For further Information apply at the Recrnltlnz
Office. 20 Ellis su. San Francisco, Cal.
OOMS Pa P RED, 92 50: WHITENED. $lj
stains or blemishes removed; painti g by day
or contract; 1200 Webster st., tel. Stein er 235.
i.-Yd HALK-SOLINU, 60c.: LADIES, 400.:
done while you wait. 838 Market, opp. Palaca
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will <fe Finck'a,S.P-
'ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»' to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.- 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
wanted— an IDEA: who can think op
»» some simple thing to paten tr Protect you*
Ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHH
WEDDERBURN & Co., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their 91800 uruw
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
"VTKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BUT.
■i-% 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15a
to 50c. week $1 to 92 60 reading-room; strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean: quiet; open all night.
VVT INCUESTKK HOUSE, 44 THIKD ST.. NR."
'» MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading.
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
S~ HOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDKR-"
any style, 98 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bough, or exchanged; large stock of second-hand
shoes; first-class repairing; work guaranteed.
749 Mission st., near Grand opera-house.
rTIHE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING^
X aonse In town, Lindell House. 6th and Howard.
E-«T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, 91 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff sta.
1 00 MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 100, ISO*
-i \j\j and 20c a night. including coffee and roils.
b24 Washington St., near Kearny.
rpRY ACME HoUSK. 857 MARKET ST.. Bit-'
■ X low Sixth, for a room: '2S>c a night; $1 a week.
\\ ANTED-SINGLh, ROOMS, A DAY: 91
; »» week ; rooms for 2. 25c a day. 91 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
SIMON WANTS 100 Mt.N TO i.ET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PKR NIGHT; 600 TO $1 50
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm su
TVJEW GRAND, 246 THIRD-SUNNY ROOMS
-Li from $1 to 93 per week; reading-room.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS. NKARTAY-
Ior; 200 rooms; 25c night; reading-room.
ANTED.. YOUR SHOES —WK KEPAIK "
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladles' soling, Abe; men's
soling, 60c; fine shoes made to order from 92 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their -value, from 25c up t» .
9* 50. ■ 6-' Mission *:.. bet. Firs- s - . end S«»rond ■M.
At.KM 4 & WA-NXiiD.
X HOLIDAY BOOKS: 4 BOOKsTrKP-
-cl. resented by one prospectus: first agent re-
ports S-.2 orders in 4 days. F. PEHt-OX, manager
subscription depar mont THE vVHITAKER &
KAY COMPANY, 7-5 Market St.
\TO MAGAZINE OFFERS SUCH LIBERAL
i.l inducements to acents as The Family Journal.
Write for particulars, 14 sansome St.. S. F. .
OME 1 O.'D IKRRITOKY LEFT; SEEDS,
O water-filters; other novelties. BROCK. A CO.,
777 Market st. '
~ HOUSK3 WAJJTKD.
ANTEDr^^I 1 HER UPPER FLAT OF
modern house or flat of 5 rooms, unfurnished;
Western Addition; 920. Address Immediate, box
32, C 11.
noons WASTED. ~~
R~~OOjT AND BOA RD WANTED BY 2 GEN-
tlemen: central location: moderate terms.
Write full particulars X, box 9, Call Office.
i iiUM ITIiiUC A.M'Ko.
wanted— oak bedroom set, bedding
T» and carpet. O. !■'.. box 73, Call Office.
IUIiKH t'KIC.'. I HAN ANYWUKKK PAID
by luuiaiiM Auction Co. 1057 Market.opp.Jonej
ANH PAID ■ ioK K.yTItUJ HOUSES Urf
smaller lots of : furniture.' carpets, vie -j
BOW* ':. 22-' '-"" k;«Ti: s>-n»1 ntmta'.
.' - »» AA A Cxi— sll!iVt±L.LA.&KO\J&.
Pa"mT^aT^s"x7. ~pkemo. in "goo u coxdT
tion; cheap, price particulars, E. G., box 9,VaIL
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A RCLL; PAPER HA\?ir
T» ing, pali.tiug. etc.. by contract or day's wort
at your own price: work must be had. k if j
-\iEKIGAN. 1302 Webster st. V* ' N - W
achinery Wanted -iN-BxiiWAKva?
for Stockton lot,. White. 518 Mission $£$*
r\LD G. ■LDAXDMLVKU BOUgTTt^Jh -wif', "
KJ ry. watches repaired. MUND. 1133J4 Mu.^"' OFj?I CE Bi^>TKs^"'airoo~brLt>
ii. nv\'. gant office turniture goes with the I
place; tnere Is a: read- *i6OO invested in the busl- i
nets and this saotttlce Is a chance of a lifetime, and !
iau«t be sold by the Ist: or will rent the bn^i ess !
as It ,is the own»r must East imme.iaely. j
. tais piace Is worih four times rii- amount a*ked, i
\&ffi- Mil sati»fy an. one that the busings is at I
«jv»<-nt clearing $160 t0520.. per month above a I '
ff*.iP' nses, and on investigation any one will rind
ft his business Just a* represented; th« balance;
1 1 3ou, can remain in the business tor Ion? time: no
«xp«rt><RC« required, and the business is suitable
. foreigner* lady or gentleman; rent is cheap and
: location the finest. For full particulars see at.
o°' «T. LUBELSKI. the Business Broker, 7 Ci.y
• Hall aye.
<2i 4XA STATIONERY, NEWS AND PIC-
V^f* v '« ture-frame store; at a .-acnflce: this
isa fine place for the money: part can remain 0.1
• the place. T LU..ELsKI,7 City Hall aye.
•'SR^nO SaI OON ANDFURNISH. D KOOMS
Ka>*J\J\J. in conuectiou: near water-front; doing
• good business, and the only object in selling this
flne-paylng place, must leave the city. T. LIBEL-
SKI. 7 City Hall aye. .
NAP— ACKANT DOING GOOD BUSI-
t ne"«s: well !ocm*d; a sacrifice Immediate sale,
or fixtures sold. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. .
Qj - SALOON AND ;FUR NISHED
*3)"ltJ". rooms in connection: doing good busi-
ness and lo a. 10 1 the finest, near water f oni;
this will interest you If li.vestlKa ed, as it actually
' Is a bargain. T. LChELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
•C; r l(U\ BUSINESS— A CHANCE UFA I.IF. -
tJVI \J\>. time; clearing $100 to $200 a month-;
. -bo experience required; aetually'slooo made the
■ day you buy trial given If desired. T.LUBELSKI,
7 city Hall aye.
' 4t': (\(\ FINE SALOON,, DUlNli A GOOD
• \J\J. business, w tb good flxiurest large
stock; pool-table; the location is fine and cheap
.-•rent: It will pay yon to inve-tigaie this Hue buy.
■T. LU-BELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. .
■ '0.1 r -\(\ COAL AND WOOD YARD; ALSO
•<J'iuU. hay and grain: doing fine business;
location the finest for any one wanting a business
' of this kind: it will pay you to investigate this
'.place. T. LCBrLSKI. 7 City Hall nve.
' fi-^H, (\ GROCERY AND BAR, OR WILL
*. . sPOV/ 1 "• take partner: fine corner stand; long
... lease and'eheap rent: taking in $100 perdav call;
:the finest business of Its kind I (■ v- ever offered
• for bale:- T. I.VBKL.-KI, 7 City Hall aye.
' : 5:J.l (I RESTAURANT THAT IS A BaR-
• ,<T j* "• pain: the placets doing good and the
rent Is cheap; location the finest: the place must
■be sold at once; see it to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7
. City Hall aye.
' <sJ "*> 7 PARTNER WANTED IN ONK OF
" O— I *J . I. c nicest and best equipped butcher-
chops In'tbe city; fine horse and wa*on: splendid
location and strictly first-class family trade which
wi' average 9*o per day ; need not be a butcher,
i> will teach incoming man tba business. GEO.
•aiBWAK't, 602 Market 3 .
. • JfIHANCK FOR BUSINESS MAN WITH *500
• y. 10 Invest to make big money; this is an oppor-
tunity »v>rh looking after. Address M. W., box
.- £8, Call office. .
• Saloon! BUSY corner; DAIRY . AT-
' -O inched; doing good business; poor health the
• reason for selling. Inquire 45 Third st. • "'.•■-■*'
■„■«_) ROOMS: SUITABLE FOX A SALOON. 829
. *J Howard St., between I'ourth and Fifth.
BARBr.K- HOP FOR SALE— 3 CHAIRS;
'. XJ "go(Vi business. Apply this oitice.
■jpORNER GKOCiCKY ANO BAR: GOOD LO-
• c*ation; doing gooa business; uo agents.
Q*\fin FOR HALE— A NEAT GENTEEL
1 ; «Jp«JUV/. office business; paying from $50 to $75
i .profit above expenses; can be increased; splen-
; did chance for lady or gentlemau; owner eel.ln?
1 bis other business demanding bis attention. Ad-
• 'dr.ei3 J. *F. C, box 88, this office. ;
GOOD I N V E STM K N T — FO X SALE— FINE
paying business; heart of Oakland: Investors
with small capital look Into this: party leaving
• town, I . >„ box 9, Call Office, Oakland. ■
: •*T>KSTAURANT FOX SALE: WELL LO-
• ■ - cat-ed, near new Caxx, building; doing gooJ
- business: other business reason for selling, Ad-
• s dress A. D., box 148. this office.
■ : • \\: ILL SALARY AND 30 PEK CENT PROFIT
. • V satisfy you? Business .established 8 years;
rbure help necessary; partner preferred. Address
" W. s., box 140, CalL ;
. TALEGANTLY FURNISHED HAIRDRESSING
■ . . Xi aud manicuring parlor; paying; old establish-
ed ;_jowi.er retiring; luvrstigatlun. W., box ss, CalL
' '/GROCERY AND BAt FOR SALI-. CHEAP.
VJ Apply to-day 5 Oak wood. nr.Uoerreroand 18th
QiOr\(\ SALOON; FINK LOCA III »-., 2 LlV-
t?iUu. Ing-rooms .-cheap rent. Call 235 Third st
ENTAL PRACTICE, CITY, FuR SALE FOR
XJ less than invoice: , established 15 years; ill
health cause of selling. Dentist, box 13.">. Vail.
<C«4i"f\ FINK RESTAURANT DOING GOOD
»_ — tV/. butiiaes-j; cause sickness. Inquire 104
>ddy •■-.:. -. ' . -.:
' Z\(\ P RTNj-.r k«jk bottling fctEK
. «3>JLc>U. business or exchange. .712 Fourteenth
airee . near Market.
ANDY,, NOTIONS, Bakery;. 2 living-
rooms; very reasonable. 1307 Bu- hanan st.
.'( 'IGAR-BiORE: 2 LIVING-ROOM : KE.>T
•v> $14; Invoice: sickness. . 1127 M. salon st.
A SNAP — RESTAURANT DOING GOOD
. business: iovestl^a c; bargain. 45 Third st.
Q. 'HiA i I>AXU' <X AND KIXTCKES, INCLUD-
t^Ouyj, ing lurnlture of 8 rooms: r-nt low:
■good business ; near Colma. PATTERSON <&
CO.. 2 Va encla st. .
LD- STABLISHED CORNER SALOON. .4
living-rooms; will sell whole or lake partner.
itl at 31 Ninth St., liquor-store. ■ • - ■
Aj/t-RSALti— HOLMC 11 ROOMS, ALL OC-
-1 copied: owner will take half payment in
boara. Aaaress P. N.. box 24, this office. .
"LOR SALE — HORSKCAR SHOLSHOF ON
X Frui.va'e aye., near School st. ; ■ ;
tFOKb BUYI >G OR CELLING YOURBUSI-
ness see UNDERWOOD A CO., 765 Market su
• I^OTOGKAPHGALIjERY,- ESTABLISHED 10
T years; good family location; 10,000 negatives:
pood living-rooms; *iiso. Address i-'. G. M., box
6-7, Call Offlte. . '..•■■' ■
. CALOON UIIH CIGAR-STAND FuR SALE;
10 account of sickness. 817 Kearny st-
O A PKK.^ON OF MEANS, OK ONE WHO
has a son they t!i sir- 10 establish in business,
an opportuaity can be bad with the undersigned in
11 pleasant, safe fad paying business; the best of
.r. ft-rencts turnished and .ne same required. M.
• 11.. box 118, Call Office. .
• »Ej7A/v A BONANZA; THAT ELEGANTLY
- r* 1 \J\J. fitted up and stocked Ealooncoroer of
' Leldesdorff and Hal. eck; no agents.
• T\R4N KING SALOON CHEAP; DWKLLLXG-
. XJ rooms. 650 Sacramento St., near Kt-arny. .
• LAKLKV, CANDY. NOT.ONS, CIGARS.
.• J > launJrv; 5 sunny rooms; leaving city; bar-
• gain. 1151 Mission st. '_"...-
-••• tje^taurant— half interest CHKAP:
XX established 15 years; remaining partner 7
•••years. 1241 MtirKe st. . ',
*. L>l« CHaNCK TO INVESTORS OFMODUK-
Xi ate means: guaranteed. Add. C. E. C 0. ,221 Davis
• / ■"•ROCEIVV AND BAR; REASONABLE;
xJ sictnegs account of sale. 122 • angton at. '
• ""77VAIRY PRODUCE; OLD ESTABLISHED !
X/ stand- 12 years: a bargain. Call 146. Seventh.
E'ake opportunity .O PUKCHASh.;
XX old-estabilsbeJ furniture, carp.-: and under-
.(i.k.nif businps«; : clears over $ht)(,o a year; slock
$10,000. <iEO. L. BIKKMAIER, Wtlls-Furgo
_} xi.r^ss boilJlng. . -
; "L""OR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED POULTRY
(T arid produce /itand in one of the best markets
In the state: . owner going away. Apply 916
Washington St., Oakland.
• "Cjvinnil BUSINFSHT PORTLAND, 'Olt.;
VTT*lW< '. faying $175 per month: good chance
to increase. Inquire C E. NaYLoR, room 8,
'floor 8, Mills building.
"I A DING RESTAURANT IN LEADING
Xj seaside resort of Pacific Coast: owner retiring
from business. Ad<ir«-ss s., box 138, Call Oflice. .
rI)AKKRY, CANDY, CIGAR AND NOTION' ;
I' store; sonny llving-roojis; good location.
jOI Bush su -'--.-■ •■'-•■■• - -■ ■
• /"I ROCK KY AND BAR: NO OI POSITION;
" I will sell cheap; good reason. Apply Call. * .
C-n(\f\ .MAX AGING PARTNKR IN LIGHT
■'j'—\J\J. manufacturing business: $1000 clear
first year In signt' 215 >ansome. room 12. '
' 1~l ORS HE?Ii,ISG TO feEcUKK OR
-L Sell patents or Inventions, call at Hall of In-
• ventlons. 215 sansimo St., 100 m 12 '
: . -ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000 IN A
*' grocery and liquor home estabiisheJ since'
•1&63. Address A. V.. box 39. Call Office. ■
; VKvVSPAPKR ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
.•1\ close to &aa FraiicUca I've particulars appiy :
Ibis o:l,c»>.
• 1 ) OU I X FOR hA L l.u-,3 IUK U A V. . IN-
,XX quire at all <Mlic«'.
. i-««JL»CiJJiCi-UOIISJ':s >OK SALE.
•«}/'-ROOMCoirNERH J
j-\J M rooms: fine sunny corner. 400
50 rooms, clearing $.00: in payments..:... - 2500
!; 8-room house; rooms all rented - 600
8 rooms: near Ci.y Hall: 1 cv.- ............. ■ 250
• 14 rooms on Folsom st , near Third HSU
£t)-room hojist*,' clear. $500..'. :..... 4000
66-rooni corner house, new furniture. 8000
*20 rooms, on 4th si., clearing $80. 0n1F..... 400
••1 -.looms on Market *■ offer wanted........ :86<)
12 rooms, central, good furniture...... ..... 250
H. C DECKER, 1020 Marxet su. opp. Fifth. <
U,rr LODGING-HOUSES^ ALL PRICES:
•5* k i) . money loaned, low Interest. IHELPB
<t CO.. 917 Laeitln St. ••• . ' ■ ' -
A K'l NER WANTED IN GOOD PAYING
A'lodglng-housa with $300 cash; further partiru-
lars B. v.. box 88. Call.
■VTKWLY-FOKNi-HKD-HOUSK-S^ KUOM-^;.
.IN fn lof p°rtnati"Tt' roomer-: flO '. -40 Minna.-
-'. . '.''.' ; 'A X VV I'i.itS. ,
tTaVK~YOU £KEN THE-KKW PKERLESS
•Jl typewriter ana notary Duplicator? They stand
at the bead: R.E. RE VO t-K & C 0.,409 Calif urula.
C2T«iE.\;B SMITH PKJKMIKR: "i AL&O "KENT,
W and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. «t M. AL-
■ AXUEit «fe CO., 110 ) Montgomery St., write for
.clrV;u:ar. -' - . - - - ■ -.---.--' ' --•"
I'KOFESSIO>'At : lAKDS. '/, :':/; "
TOHn'e. iICHARb^ LA W OFFICES. BOOM;*
ci '.23 and : 27, Crocker ; buiioiii^i i«iepuon« ilaiu
75, ban Francisco. CaL..:.. . T ,': .
.fali.N K. A.ITKKN AND MAURICE L. AS H Kit.
v aityis at law, nus 615,610, 6tH Jloor.Parronuia* ' j
jj ttottst;^ to r.FT.
PL 9 P. GOLDKN GAT^TveT^ NEAR VAN
<J — "'Ness— Modern built house of 9 rooms:
suitable lor a <ioc or: rent rea*ouable.
QOA WHOLE i.OUsK: 6 ROOMS, BATH.
<D~V/; -814 Lacuna s .. near. Union. ■
*;O OAK. NEAR MARKKT— I2 VO(JMS 3
*-*' floors, each separate lor housekeeplne; newly
Faperei;: palmed: sanitary pluiuuing: fine loca-
tion for ting room? • 'heap rent; go and see it.
UI"S,-> Tv J.r-Nl Foil VKKY Hi" ILK
money at BALDWIN *. HaMMONDTA I<J
Vrp'-omprv -? . ' ■ ' . ; " ' ■
JrLKNISHKU HOUSES.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOM-; COMPLETELY tUR-
JJ. nlgtn»d: $100; rent $25 937 Mission «'■
CO'I'TAOKS 'lo L.iiT.
% ffi^T^/VAN ; D" V $9 — COTTAgTs^ 3" AND 4
<J> I .i)U moms; good order: water free. Apply
premises, 945 Bryant St., or UMBSKN «fc CO., 14
Montgomery st %•_/• ___^
pOTTAGr; 4 ROOMS AND STABLE; 870
\J Walnut avM ten: reasonable. MADISON «
BUBKK, 626 Market gt -
MODERN BAY- WINDOW COTTAGE; 6
rooos and bath. 737 Treat aye. -
A LAMEIIA. IB2BMACPHKHSON ST., NEAR
J\. Mastick station, cottage 6 rooms, bath and
pas; concrete walks, lawn, standard ros s, orchard;
tine neighborhood; rent $18: water free: grounds
cared for. ■: .
MAKE YOUR X NT PAY FOR A NKW COT-
lace in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel: $100 cash, balance month y. K. M. LONG.
.Hi;o7 !■■■ pntv-SPcnnrl nt. : office on"'! evenings.
iLAis it) l-lt-T.
TTTNCONr"HiIL FLAT^6~ BOOMbT BATH ;
XV $22 50: including water, care of halls and en-
trance. 601 Harrison. ' •
rpo REN FTNE~I UK N I S .• E D FLATS AND
1 cottages as cheap as unfurnished places. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
T?OR SALE— NICELY~FURNISHED FLAT OF
X; 6 rooms; very cheap: 3 room* pay rent; suit-
able for dressmaker. 514y<i Jones st. ■ : ;V-
-•ffljl I FLAT OF- 4 KOUMS; BATH AND
<?H.yard. 8b Shot well, near Fourteenth.
71 (i NATuMA — FLAT, 4 ROOMS-, $10;
4 1 D water and ashes paid. _.
J^LAT OF 3 KOi- MS. 16 ANTONIA ST., OFF
' Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
TfTPEK FLAT — TW'NIY-IHIKD AND
U Guerrero: sunny side; 7 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs, etc
rpo LET-MODERN SUNNY FL»T: 5 ROOMS;
X w arm bel t. 84 1 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
IfLAT— 3654 TWEN 1 Y-THIiD NR. GUtiR-
J rero: 4 room-, bath, giatlonary tubs. ■ ' .
UPr-KR SUNNY M' DrRN 1 L »T; 7 ROOMS
J and bath. 1168 Go:den Gate aye.
ELEGANT SUNNY TOP FLAT; 4 ROOMS,
Hi bath; all latest lmprovemen a. Key 713 Grove.
QOUTHWE-T LXJK. FOLSoM AND THIR-
-0 te»[;t:i sts.— per flats, 6 rooms and bath:
1 cottage, 6 rooms and bath, and stab.- for 1 horse
and wagon: rent reasonable, Apply MADISON <&
BURKE, 6-6 Market st.
LINK *LAT, 5 ROOMS A.HV BATH, ltf
J 1 Guy St., off Firs;, near Folsom. .
AND 5 HnOMS; KENT $10, $12 AND
r $13. 4695 Kightf entn su. near Haul-. . .
*jl - GKAKY — 4 UNFURNISEU ROOMS
—I • ) suitable for business. Key at 217 Geary su
J.ll AN'u $13-Bfc.ST INCH V: 6 ROOMS;
tjpXl bath and gat. 608k Miotwell st. '.
CHEAP MODERN >LATS, 6 AND 6 KOOMS,
V 7 $8 to $16: S"e them. o-'Sa seveuthsU.
mWO LOVELY Flats; 4 and 6 rooms;
t X bach and cas: fine yard: $12 and $14; water
free. .8-H9U Nineteenth su, near Noe; cheap-
est flats in the city. . ■
L Lais iv ; .ji . i tuX VKKY LTFTIk
r money at BALDWIN & HAMMONI/^ 10
a: out (romerv st. ■
i.o». ti.KLLfi>ii i.OUJI.I.
l'Uhh Mi-cut
Qorw BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— U gas. bath: reasonable.
a uuy".» . mo..
THK LEXINGTON, 212 EDDY — NEWLY
J. furnished housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites . ' \
/•"I A EDDV— LARGK SUNNY FRONT BASE-
UXti ment; newiy furnished: $10.
U 1 7 KUDY — LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
i.M sunny connecting housekeeping rooms:
good gas stove. . .
i-levtiitli Street.
mA ELEVENTH- 2 NKWLY FURNISHED
I — "1 connecting - front parlors; housekeeping:
$3 50 week. - -4
Kills Street.
OI ft ELLIS — A PARLOR SUITE, WITH
Z.X\) kitchen. ~ :-
990 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
(iti housekeeping rooms ; also suites and single.
1 mil street.
.QHQ FIFTH— SEW H<:USE: NEWLY FUR-
• »V.1»7 nished parlor, bedroom, kitchen, $20; also
others. $14 - - - .
C«Q SUNNY BEDROOM, KITCHEN, BATH,
•IpO. water: no children: private. 314 Fifth st.
t>«>~ FIFTH— CLEAN. FURNISHED HOUoE-
— O keeping; '2, $10; 3, $13; single. $5. .
% *.avy ■- 1 re« .
O1 71 GEARY— 3 UNFURNISHED HOCSE-
— 1 19 keeping rooms. Key 217.
i-owt-nl tueo..
-1 -I OCA HOWARD— 2 NICELY. FURNISHED
XX —(j rooms for housekeeping; good stove, large
closets, bath; $10 per monta; in an American i
family: no children; none but sob^r, quiet people
need apply. 1 •
1 I A.") HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
X xtr-^. keeping rooms: range, water; $10 to $12.
he*rny street.
EARNY. NR. BUTTER— S ROOM 3 OR LESS;
JV. gas and water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
1 ...km street.
r.Afk LARKIN, COR. TURK— SUNNY FUR.
O\)\J nlsbed housekeeping rooms.
l.va venivort.il ktreet.
1 AT Q LEAVEN WORTH- 1 OR 2 SUNNY
1 \J 1 O unfurnished rms, housekplng: carpeted.
Mason street.
onCi MASON— 3 ELKGANT SUNNY FRONT
• J—.L) housekeeping rooms: bath; references.
iiC.liliflcr Street.
t)C)r\\ MCALLISTER - V NFURNISHED
>-_' ''£ rooms fir offices; furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single. ..; :. '. '
J.iun>iMr«e>.
E\AR MINNA — FL'K.VISHKI) ROOMS FOR
OID housekeeping: sunny: large yard.
. — .Micin . . ««.'.*;
OA7 MISSION — FRONT ROOM 3 WITH
• .'4 I kitchen: alss> other rooms. -
19-1 MISSION, COR. NINTH— TWO COR-
XJiOI. ner housekeeping rooms: furnished.
3loiugoinery street. ■
<m Q 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING RMS.;
«JpO. separate entrance. 1402 Montgomery st.
t li.ll> T-* .
901 IXTH— MCE SUNNY FRONT . AND
»^<Jg housekeeping rooms. ■ ■
ee\en.n. stroe.. :
(2»7 TWO FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
<$ i rooms In cottage. b23 Seventh st.
bl«vcu»on Street..
CnO STEVENSON, NEAR SIXTH— a iOR 3
O\J±j sunny furnished or unfurnished rooms:
housekeeping: reasonable.
- t ULier Mree.,
769 SUTTEII ST., NR.' JONES — NICELY
I O-j furnished housekeeping rooms; batn; 1
cheap.
'Iwenty-Blxth Street.
33Pi7 TWENTY-SIX 1 H, NEAR MISSIOX-
OUKJ I Desirable furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard: low renu\, . .
\ jui Ne»« Aveuuo.
AO VAN NF.«S NEWLY FURNISHED
no Housekeeping ro nn; also single.
■ • I.OOJIj 'IU Lti. :
IT-HK KAMfWA, n» J..LI.T*: Wn% »AT^.
1 W ART. manacnr— A quiet liou^; rentr«llr'lo-
r»ted; newly furnished: elevator: cot<t cold wa^er.
7411 ELLIS-SUNNY BINOLE ROOM; USIS
< &X. of bath; rent $5. •
—- -4,.. 1h ! li««:.
1 ni EIGHTH— FOR RENT. 2 FURNISHED
J yJt rooms for light housekeeping.:. '
SHERMAN A PARTMKNT HOUSE. *J8 BTH
O St., near Varket; furnished ; and unfurnished.
■ i uimin Mree.. '
QQA FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— PUKNISH-'
O— \J ed single rooms.' $1 per week. -
I' uiton otre»c;
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites; singles; transients. ■-
: . % . .'v.\t»eary. ! Street. : ■'.- . - - "
AflZ. GEARY (THE NAVARRE)-FURNISH-
r±\JO ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed. - •:
ARTINETTI, 1101 GE - RY, SW. C R. VAN
'Ness— Suites aud singles; newly furnished.
t)ea>Mio  « vi e«c. : ..- • .
JEB«IE, CORNER; FOURTH— 2 FUR-
D\Jo nish. (i rooms for man and wife or 2 gentle-
men; $10 and 812 month; no children. ;- ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, RFIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
'.ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
. uo,, e » sires..
OH 7 JONES— TH£|IVAN WINKLE: . NEW
- \f I mar.njimon:; elegant ■ sunny suites and
single: n- >vly furnished; ba;h, etc.; $10 to s3o. .
'.:.'-• :■■ • *- ■ 1:i r sir»».;
\ BLINOTON. HOUBK, ia7 - KEARWY -
XA Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and stnglw; nrst
ilp is in ►vtrv re»p<»ct: terms rea«onatn>-  •
/. i-ttt-Kiii i> ree..'- ;. ' " ■.
097 LARKIN, COR. GOLDEN GATE AV.E.—
Oil I Furnished or unfurntsh-d rooms. ....
Lenveuwori street. -;.
Of\(- LEAVENWORTH — UNFURNISH D
OVJ 1 1 sunny room tor housekeeping: furnished
parlor suite.
71 "I LEAVEN NEAR r— 1 WO
•"• XX sunny rooms, gentlemen: pleasant outlook.
Call on owner, 22 Geary st., room 33. ■
V OSKMITK HOCSK' 1043 MARKKT — PER
I merit. Hftc to *1 : »i»|[, *1 50 to $5: fnmill-t
I *-i 7 1\ MARKET— UNFURNISHKD SUNNY
IOIU front rooms; 1 3 .Ue carpeted; first floor.
. Aiason Street. -
99-L MASON — 2 SUNNY BAY - WINDOW
4—kJ rooms, sultabie for agents; $15; gas.
' '*>** arrell Rireos..
J9' O'FARRKLL — 2 FRONT PARLORS:
t*-ic» with side room connecting: light house-
keeping permitted.
Pine Street.
COI PINE— ROOMS, *6 UP; RUNNING WA-
U-jI ter; gas; sunny; quiet; gentlemen only.
MXth S treat. '
"PIEDMONT," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA-
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod. conveniences.'
bievenaon sireet.
ml STEVENSON. OFF NINTH— FUR-
* ~^t;f nished rooms, 5.
1 «...er tree..
7AO SUTTER (SAN REMI) — ELEGANT
I V/O newly furnished rooms, suite or single.
(j-J '> SOTTKR— FUR WISHED OR UN FUR-
'i'> nlsbed sunny room: hot, cold water: cloteu
1017 SI T TER— HANDSOMELY FURNISU-
-IUI 1 ed parlor floor, 3 rooms, lor doctor or den-
tist; also furnished rooms, with or without board;
private family.
ill SETTER— NICELY FURNISHED
1 XXX rooms; suites and single; reasonable.
Taylor Screes.
10l TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN
XO ! ny rooms: low rent. . .■ .
!>UAltlJi.\o ANii KOOMS.
A^WINDOwItOO^f ; WITH OR^OTHOUT
board: convenient to Hayes and Fill more sts.
cars: private family. . Aduresa D M., box 126
Call Omce. - . ' ,^
SUITER, 761, NEAR PLEASANTON— FUR.
niched room first-clas- bo»rd: private family;
use parlors; piano; bath; gas; $50 a couple.
UOCi POST — 2 LARGE ROOMS; CHEAP;
U«-i/ central: with board or without; private.
9 NICELY FURNISH' D FRONT KOOMS AND
+* board in private family. 619 Geary st.
7J'-J PINE— r.XCELLENT BOARD
i rxD f'2O rer mouth; nanny suit**: reasonable.
cno van ness— NEW! V furnished&un.
Ov/O ny rooms: good board: reasonable.
OTr.L BKKTLI.NG, 714 ±JUSH ST.— A FAM-
lly hotel; references given aud required: all
m'>'ern ronvpn|pnr»»<. • l_ii_l_
ClilLiJlib:\ I.O.Vi.DtO.
T ONE WIDOW wlmhes a child"to
J' bowrd; ■ motlier'o care. 172 -llv-r «•.. city.
Mlllifti 'i\J Llil.
T^RTCT^VENTy^THTKD^A^D^G^H^ftR^R^
cement basement; built and suuab.e lor drug-
gist^
yTUKK, 3552 TWENTY-THIRD &T.: *"JX-
O tures: 2 living-rooms, cellar, etc.
SJARBKRS~6 It BUTCHERS, ATTENTION!
•' Large sore on Hunt, st.; MO ft east Third;
cheap rent. NICOL. 534% California st.
Of It\ STORE AT 321 NoB ST., NEAR MAR-
n?i V. ket.
\ T LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
■ \ ba cm-lit. 324 fo*- St.
OliltfcS xo i,KT.
"i/citNTsiTK^xjir^rNrHrß^^iTE^ bT?t
r location; 850 Market st.,. NE cor. Stockton;
sun all day; suite of 4 rooms, ope:; In. o each
other; well adapted for professional man; rent
reaso .able. .
01-tICES FOR. DOCTORS OK DKNTJ-T»:
very elt-gant y furnished odices:one entire floor;
otftceg en anl -. 901 -utter »v. co . L»';ive nwon t\.
JILaiCAL l.\slUl.ili.Ais.
\ GAIN WK CALL ATTENTION TO THK
XV. fact that we ar» selling toned second-
hand pin «os for 113, $4 and $5 per month; beauti-
ful new uprights for $6, ST. fB, 99 and 910 per
month; no casn pa. meut required larger than th«
above amounts: all purchasers of upright planoi
fr. m us have the privilege of exebancin same for
a Stein way anytime within » rears from date
without sacrifice. SHKRMAN, CLAY A CO.
representatives of stein way <t Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Sutter sts.. Sun Francisco; also Oat-
land, CaL; Portland, Or.; Seattle. Wash.
BtsOLUTKLY THK OLUr.sT AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLKU A
CHASK'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms eisy: prices lowest;
everything po sibia done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
A tl'l'AUV TUB BKHT BAKOAINS IN PI-
-> anos; see onr list for this week; pianos on St
4. *5, f6, 97, 98, 99, $10. $15. S.'O monthly pay^
ments; line stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywli«>r» In tr.» city and kept tuned by «x-
-pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPKNUEU CO..
balesfooiiis 91S Market su. opp, Mason.'
■VTOTICE TO DRUM CORPS— THIN SNARE
-*-^l heads for sale at very low prices: factory b\'» .
cor. 'I wemy-fourth and Ithode lslaud sis. P.
STOLBEHG.
HA 1 BROS., BUSH & OF.RTS AND
Knabe pianos at closing out prices. WILLIAM
C. HAMILTON, successor to A. L. BANCROFT
A CO., 324 Post si. '■■■■-. .- .;■;■■;. ■ i
lAN OS SOLD, RENTED, TUNED, RK-
PHlred, pottshe.i, shipped and stored for lower
rates than Iny other firm In the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes St.
BEAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
just received and for sale cheap. Z. MAC-
VAIS Music Ci mnan , 769 Market st. , ' -
GOOD -UPRIGHT, Ci.KAr; tiRr,AT BAR-
gain. SCHMITZ, 10 Mo.vUUter, next Hiber-
nla Bank. / ( _
VINE UPRIGHT PIANO, $120; COST »403.
■*- Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
OTKIN'WAY SACTrTfTcED: A GRAND IN-
»J atniment. Room 12, Flood bnlldlnc.
V*, ANTED. , FOR CASH, 5 SECOND-HAND
" uprights. BRUEN.V, 228 Post su
\\ AGNi STEIN W A V UPRIGHT AND
XTJ. Schubert: little used; sacriflce. 1019 Van New
\\r (>. BADGER, SOi.E A ENTFORHALLET
'»■'.& Davlsand Francis Bacon pianos. 406 ttmeUK
YBOJT MAI ZY. 808 PoST ST.—^OHMKrT
N ewby A Kvans. brim and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOi.INS,ZITHKKS, OLD* NEW
0 H." MUI.LER. maker. rep Hirer/2 i.a ham place.'
ELEG ANT EMKRSON, FIRsT-t LASS COX-
d.tion, at aacriflce. E. W.L CX.I 16 McAllister.
' tNE UPRIGHT PIANO. $110: SQUAIIt, 930
■T 1 HAM A CO., 106 Me .l.iMersU y ..
DOLLAR A WtltK OX RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. 1.<6 Ellis sU' - - ' :: -•. ■••'.
;ioi;,.bALii-iiiao±.i>i.A.MiOua. <
ASK FOR THAT SOLITAIRE DIAMOND
ring: $30: worth $60. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant.
BUY YOUR RATT..M CHAIRS, ROCKERS,
tables, stands, etc, 'at the factor.- and save re-
toilers profit: gee our ho.lday goo -is; ' it costs noth-
ing. California Rattan Ca; til First si., near Mls-
alon. ..:-' ■ ■■■.-.-. ,
*) BUILDINGS FOR sale, to be removed.
1. Apply to J. F. HILLS. 813 St..ckto 1 st
tOR SALE— AT 213 VICKSBUKG ST.. FRESH
1 family, cow. r v . . ..---.- . -■■ .<„ .-.■■- -j
1 ADIKSHAIR PAKLOR; GOOD ' LOCATION^
\j good trade: must sell ; bargain: o a ncr ' going
south. L. H., box 8. Call Office, Oakland. .
VTATIONAL CASH- REt-Ivi'Kß, GOOD OR-
ii der; also Urge folding-door safe. 8 .Mission at.
8-H'RSi;, SfcCOXD-H %ND GAbOLI Vr; KN-
O glne, A 1 for mine. , X., box 22, Call Office.
-j HORShPOWER OT'IO LA- EN.-I.NX, SKO
— ond-hand: In perfect order: for sols cheap; can
be seen runolmr at 607 Market st. . • - ■
COt>EE MILL. 'SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J aland desic. money tl I, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
ONaRCU BLLK FLAMK HKATKRs ARE
toe b.-st. W. a RAY MFG. C ... 12 California
. ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. . HUELV-
( I Ing, «•!(•., 1 ought and !>old. 1068 Mission, nr.7th.
|/OILER-«,ENGINES,-'D-HANi< MACHINERY
'> water- pi peg. Mcintcsh AWolpman.- 137 Beal»-
NE SMALL MKUJUM AND LA ..'. E-slZli
fire and burglar proof safe.';lo9-11l Market su
" hi.\» lA« >iACHAJN
"0. 9 £ ITE :KS WIN (/• M aT-H INK, : NEW
*®~0. m yle; 6 dra«er»: cak. . 1915 Mission st.
4 LL KIND" li«.liOHi,t>OLD. tXI'HA M...11.
\ rpni«*d T<'n»lr»fl;..f>wf!tt re'"*. L'l's Krvnr h i. *
i' ■■:. ..';, .;..1»»5it., : ,:.;.,
LADY'S GOLD watch" VnOVEMBER , 23
heturu to 1221 O'Farrttl St.: > reward.
LOST-PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and L an Society or San Francisco
in the name of ffi < ohn, No. 108672. The finder
will please re urn jo bank :.: :■• ,■ -.: v ■ --•; '...■: ;;.-.. r..
LOS I— ON. THE WAY HoMJE FROM THE
Columbia - Theater, ? one ■■ Ea tern , Mar • pin,*
Please return to this office and receive reward.
_'j__' VTTTSO'*' * r <«.
P ARTY HOLDING NO. 158 WILL CALL ON
X J. w iLFF, 308 Market St., and obtain order
tor piano swarded ai annual carnival held at Me-
ch:ii.lp 8 ' Pavilion last Wodnwluv. ; - . ■■■■■
AitTl.OToN'd. SCHOOL .-OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper i lllustration: fiav a. d evening
causes: Instructors, J. H.E. Parllneton, Gertrude
Partington. R. L. P .rtlngioa. Particulars 424 Ptue.
1 A DIES' AIRDRhSbEK-MKS. HUBBARD,
Xi removed to the Vei<dome." 1104 Market st.,
i will be pleased to see her old patrons; hairdress-
ing, 25c; hair coloring: : ace treatment.
A DVICK. yRKK;. DIVOKCK LAWS A SPK-
xV cialty; private; nocbarge unless successful; all :
Isw suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended jo. v. W. HOWK.atty-at-law. »50 -Market »-«
PHEUMATiaM Positively Cured: - . .•
It ALSONEUKALGIA,
all nervous diseases, chronic catarrh and dys-
pepsia: patients a treated; successfully by mail;
urn .11 expense : write for particulars: sunny rooms
and board if 'desired. DH.HIU.Ttn Hy.ienic
Sanitarium. 1513 Buchanan st.: tree couaulta.lon.
ARE YOUGETTINO BALDT ' • .-• , .-, ■
■A My • private remedy sure cure for baldness-
guaranteed an absolute preventive for loss of hair:
starts new growth Id SO days:eradicator of dandruff
Testimonials ana circulars at 424 Folsom St.. 1 ear
First. J. W. O'HOK'K. Kept by all druggists.
EXPERTS. MY ARTISTS. EVERY ONE OF
Xjl th« m, and tney do auy kind of hulrdress ng
for 26c; strictly one price: switches $1: -Qaini>-
nia" hair tonic 35c a boitle. O. LEDEREP., 111
Stockton st. ■ . .. -
1 iR. NETABRUNDAGE RETURNED, CHIR-
±> opodigi; corns cured. - 14 Uearv st., room 11.
KALEMOFF CURES DANDRUFF, ITCHiNO
scalp, Atop* hair irom falling out. - Agents
wanted, 113 Turk st.
CIONSLi-T. FREE. THE MEXICAN REMEDY
\J I'c.'s physician: positive cure neuralgia, kid-
ney trouble, rheumatism. 204V3 Leavenworth st.
ELEGANT MAteCiUERADE *-ObTCMES, AX-
Xli PERSON'S. 121 StocKton St.: country orders.
UIT.«» CLKANED. xUIEKSKD. »1: RKI'AIKS
dyeing done. 26 Montgomery, r. 14; tel. red 2374,
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
ri.ige; terms 01 payment obltglnc; legal every-
where. Address loc ; nox F., 9U6 Market sL, S. F.
1 HUH CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARD-s, tIC.
IUUU Tel. Klat;lE 141. HILL, 221^ Ueary st.
GO TO 608 'IHitiD; CHEAP PaINTINO.
papering, whitening and plustrrlng: estimates
given tor all klnd>of work. A. HOFFMAN.; -- ;
fl>l A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WIL-
«Ipl 8ON'» uallery, 10.'8 Market.
QUPKRFLUOUj HAIR PERMANENTLY Rl<>
0 moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2115 Bush, below Fillmore: hrn, a to 3, ex. Th A Ka.
T^ITS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DI.->EA k.B OF
X women. DR. SPI'IZY. 413y^ Kearny, 1 to 4 p.m.
AZOR KXCHANUE. 630 MARKET— BASH-
ment: fine edge pot on razor for Siscents.
1 THIS PEOPLE'S O.>li DuLLAIt MKUiUAI*
Institute, all cases trea.eU and medicine* fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 10i.'9Va Mari*t a.,
bet. six t a and Seventh, Ban Francisco, Cal.
AGNISCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chln-; uses the klnetoscope films; price u&u.
BACIGALrjPI. 946 Market BU . -
\\r ATCHE>, DIAMON .'=s JEWELRY OF ALL
'» kinds at reduced prices: mail move; building
to be torn down. 6 and 7 Third su
RUPTURE AND PILES CURED: No PAY
nntil cured: send for book. DRS. MANS*
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. »38 Market St.
CILOAKn, FURS ANU SUITS RETAILED AT
J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
URNKTI'S CORN CURE— CLKc FOX
corns, bunions, warts: 25c. o"^7 Munteomery.
LL FACIAL BLEMIsH r-.-S, SUPERFLUOUS
bafr,' moles. freckles, srpr% etc.. removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co.. Tit Tone, nr. Leavenwortn.
BIU OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW liV«.
ry night cor. Market and sixth sts. ; artistic »i-
-v«r'.lsement« In living light; promoters of ban-
| ness. Consult oWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Mark*.
LECTKIO LIGHTS IN KVKKV ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third at., near Market
JXO rooms, 25c to 91 60 per night: *1 60 to fa pee
ween: free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
"I IBKitAl. AI>VA.NCt3 OA IIAMU.MJ> a*V
J • ♦■lrv. etc.:, low#st -m m US Market st. '
L.D GOLD, HI LVKR, UKSTH' AND LADIK-t !
clothtne bough; niI.MAN, 41 »i cor. J«»«n
— — —— . —^— — .^— -— »— — — — —
UKJiSSJIAii.Jfc.K-*.
D"~RKSSES^Ta NI) UP: W RAPPERS JSOc AND
up; lawns tl and up. 505% Natoma st.
\f"RS AGNES KKLTKK- FASHIONABLE
iM dressmaker; 514 Geary st,. near Taylor; ityl-
| isb dre^-es from $4 up; latest style skirts, 81 50:
! perfect fit guarant- vi. ■■ ■
; U IT*. 31 ADC Fi.OM *3 UP: SKIRTS. 75c:
J c»r>« > «. fl: fl ■•ii!ir«nt".<l. 669 ~teven«on st.
tUCCAXIOSAL. '~
j tTuscok l. k am Ksi a T^oTrTTK^LIGHT^
I -It line Shun. .and." teacher of shorthand, type-
writing, bookkeeping and languages, will receive
: pupils fur private Instruction day «nu evening;
sy terns taught: Kam Isaac Pitman, Benn Pit-
man. Graham, Munson and Marsh; dictation for
! speed. Koom 70, Flood building.
BALD'S. BUSINESS VoLLKGE, '24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages,: KnglUh branches,
electrical eigtueering: 20 teachers: 15.0U0 gradu-
j ates; day Mod evening sessions; catalogue.
| \ VKKS'.-'IHB LEADING • COLLUU K. •- 324
Montgomery st. : Individual instruction -la
shorthand, irpin*. bookkeeping, telegrapMy, etc.:
)li<- scholarship f 50: ■ !< w rate» , per we«-k and ruo.
NO.NEEI'.INO . SCHOOL; MECH.. ELKC,
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlu. X ray
UinKhf.es. 1864. A. VAN DERNAILLr.N.723 Mitt
OOKKKKPINU THOROUGHLY IN »i WEEKS
or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 672, Purrott Emporium building.
STIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINKsT
* oliege, 723 Market st ; expenses less ani
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
tLAsCU'.i LYCI.LTM SCHOOL OK ACTING—
* Private theatricals arranged: pupils ieli«-ar.<i}l
<•■" *tag«». R. 6 and 12. I. O. t>. F. block. 7th and Met
OSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
move.l to Dono ioebldg,cor Ma Vu-t.feTaylOr sti.
I^OOKKPNG. WKITNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
J-> day night; nocla<se*: $5 month. 845 Mission.
V*IGHTSCHOOL;HKAI.D'SBUS.COLLEGK: f
Xi Post ;commerclal, shorthand, Knglish low rates.
KOF. I.OUIS MKRKI: VIOLIN. mTnD.-iLiN,
- guitar, cornet: reasonab'e. 225 nr. Powell.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, i'IA.N'U A.MI VuCAX.
Irs&oua, $3 mo. Mary Westhaus, 39 Fifth.
SI N (UN PIANO: PARIS OIiAHI'ATK;
French. German languages .si mo. 10gTaylor,r7.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — Tiitt
- V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for m all i ■
. IXAIKVUIAMS.
MRS. DR. F. CL UK. 1 ' -""""" - '
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
4-0 GKARY STREET.
The world's most famous medium of modern
times: if.you are in doubt that *ne can and will
per.orrn all she claims, teel yourself invited to
can and she will give you more substantial proof
of her rtmrveloua power than you have ever be-
fore received from mortal; don't fall to s c her
if you are Interettcd in the affairs of lite; If mar-
riage, si, knens, drain's changes, nave s. dlvor
separations, lawsuits, business transactions, wills,
deeds and mortgages, lost or stole.i proper y. lost
or absent iriendi interest you; if you car*- to know
what you should do to be succsstul, where yon
shou d go and .whom to avoid, when to. buy and
sell sloe*, c c — in a word, whatever may 1 c your
trouble, suspicions or desires.- call on this gifted
I woman and she will se d you an ay happier, w'ser
and bolder thm ever before. Hours. 9a. if. to 8
f. m. strict. Fee 91 and 92. send stamp for illus-
trated circular with special terms. ■ ■
-MRS. lI K. F. CLARK. 420 Geary st.
p ITANA, GIPSY. Q" KKN, 8 TURK ST.;
' ' truthful predictions; reliable advice; no mat-
ter what : troubles yon have, com*, : and aha will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
ME. s-CHMIDT, I'LAIftViiVA.NT, TELLS
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tnnea by mall: l6w prices. 806 Mission sL '
X 1 MK..KAVKNA READB LIFE FLUENTLY:
-*' basin. advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
\\ MX. MO .EaUTbEST FOR . UNK-T- ILKR
n.\\ and medium In city: fee 25c op. 764 Howard.
RAYS E N N ETT, CLAIRVOYANT AND
mind-reader. 122 Pose, rs. 10 aud 11, 3d floor.
\\ AB L X WOOD" CLAIRVOYANT. AND
lti card-reader. 207 Cost, room 8..
GYPSY LIFE READER- REMOVED TO 3
seventh St., nr. Market: ladles "<:sc; gents 50a
\l ME. I.E'INA. CARD-KF. TdKRAND MAG-
Wl netic healer: pa lor 12, 865 V 2 Market, 2d Ci .r.
MMX. PEAK LUCKY, CARD-RE A DKR'AND
magnetic beaer: chirms. Koom 2, 223 Post. !
ME. FANNIE DAVIS, MAGNETIC HEAL-
er and card-reader. . Hoom 2, 122 Post st.
MX. W ALTK~R -, THK C A D- R A L)KR.,RI;-
-turned; ladles, 25c; gents. 60c. 951 Mission.
\IMK. (SYBILLK IKLL- FKOM URaDU TO
■i* grave; pictures Klveu:Udles *^sc: V<l4 o'Fnrreli.
"I ME! Li O ETTK— PK KSK NT" PAST AND
'* fu urP: 25c: on» price. 311 Tehamawt.. rr.4th
• ' '- a' tl ALis.u. -" -' -J •J : .
MME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDl-
urn. re urned; life reading*, love affairs, busi-
ness investments, miniug speculations a specialty.
838 Mission st. -
\ I RS. MAYO STKKR.S 112 Vi OAK:READ-
■»'» ings da.ly. $1: circus, 25c: >untay, Tuesday
and Fri.lav, 8 o'clock; ladies' circle. 1 nurs. * r. v.
ADlErs' AID SOCIAL MKEIS TO-NIGHT.
J 326 McAllister: admission 10c. ■■
MX. UAHN. SPIRITUAL TEST MKDIUM,
iH alttlugs, 1 to 6 p. v. 1705 Market st.
M. - FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT NLAT"'
.writer. ■ 118 Hnlzhtst. : hours 9 until 9p. w ■
MRS. ELLI^. MEDIUM, si rilNi».s,9To B,*i-
circles Tups., Frl., •! P. M., 25c. 1824 Market st <
: . RS.' ~sHRI> > K. TRANCE MEDIUM: SIT '
llnrsoal v. f I • rlrrle ~U'i. >v>- :<I \ Van Vm",
- j_»:^ • ;" ■ -■"_ ASXKOLUUk. -.■-.•- : . . ~
ASTRAL' SEKR— PKOF. holme <, I FIFTH,
roo;iis 12-T3: ho oscopev q.ip-. lons »d- let-. 1
'~. ....... b'l'OlUliK,' , .•:.■:.-.. -...-...
TuHTmUKK r Vi I OS/ TR UN KS;" •' '^AIT
X I vaucas. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4Po^ >
QTORAGE— LITY; FIRK- f
, O proof building j ; advances made." SIX Larltin. ■ .
- CITY REAL ESTATE.
U^iTTcK^RuTHMtiN D LOT: CHKAP; 22 D
aye., near California. ; J, H. ORADY, 18 Post.
JUST COMPLETED— •"
Choice modern bay-window coUaceon.the SW,
cor. of 22.1 and Sanchez sts. For terms, etc., apply
cf TOBI.N <t McX ALLY. 630 Marltet St. ■-. >*■■
L'BSIANTIAL MOUEItN, HOlisrS BUILT;
$150 to" $275 a room: parties contemplating
building invited tocall an -i sreplans. 1 149 Mission.
«i |i| (l A Coir A fc. ~S ROOMS IN BER-
J vUu. keler: Iot40xl:->0: Jl5 monthly.
tlOOO— Corner 100x100; *50 down: ?16 mouthly-
S4oo— Lot 40x12u: down: $25 monthly.
♦iOO— Half acre hill land "*lO monthly
<'HA«i A. HAl XV >tnn-irom«rr <>.
tOUMB?; KEAL KSTATK.
» ARMEKS— WE hay" A FEW FARMS
• taken in on mortgage for sale. tor am tint of
mortgage claim: sume Improved, some ..ot; if you
want a farm 0.1 easy terms *nd quarter value 10. k
into this n a it. Address WAuNER & CO., 465
Ninth si., Oakland, Cal. .. N
rpiO liKAS£^2OU ACRES GOOD LEVEL LAND,
X Woodside, .our miles from Pt-dwood City: new
house. Apply L. AI.TSCHUL. 320 Clay, 8. F.
ALE nil EXCHA-nGH.-BELMO.VT LOIS 50x
'-00: near station: .2 '• frontages; fruit trees,
water, electric lights; half hour from >an Frau-
c.sco; easy paymeuts. M. C BRoPiIY, IU7 10th-
fcRY <ABLK LITTLE HOME OF 18
acres: one mile from town: bouse of 7 rooms:
barn, and fruit house: 800 French prunes; 100
trees of family orchard 100 White Adriatic tigs;
6 acres To*ay snip a; all in bearing; A i cree*
bottom soil: some personal property; s3'_'oo; easy
terms D. H. TWINO, Sonoma, v a!. ■ :
00 ACRE ORCHARD; HIGHLY IMPROVKD;
splendid buildings and equipments : make an
offer. W. R. CoLE, .Newark.
fIUKKISN RANCH 1O LET; 4 , ACRES;
\J nicely Improve 1 : ' inside city limits; $150 per
year. U. C. YOUNG, Petaluma. . .
MARIN CO.; aoOO acres: 26 miles from city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable laud; rail
or water transit; $40 to $<~5 per acre: emu to
suit- SYNDICATE. IN V'T CO ,65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMEDA LAND CO I'ANY 18 SELLING
ibe cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered In Alameda I'ouuty In small tries, 1
mile from Pie asamon, 1 1/2 hours from San ran-
cisco; price fZO to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
mustsel: title perfect; Investigate. ~ i>7 Chroni-
cle building. -
KND FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
' pamphlet of California lands for sale by H.
FRANUIS,' rooms 69-70-71, Chronicle ' building,
Han Francisco. CaL ■ ' .
I 11TLK Homes. CLO^K TO TOWN. JIT
J■i proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINU,
City: >very .Monday a" fl^'i Mnr<i^: St.. S. F. • - '
I'KOPiiKTV 'lo tXCHAXGE., '
97^ACRK RANCH, SANTA CRUz'cijT7~s3,sOO
6 I 10-acre ranch near San Jose 5.000
8-n om house ana lot San J05e.....: 3 500
900-a re ranch lv Santa Clara Co 4'sOUO
8-room house In Belmonr, San .Ma co C 0... 3,000
20 houses iv Oakland from 500 t0......... 8 000
15 houses In Berkeley from $200 to 10.0U0
I HAVE LL KINDS OK PROPERTY,
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OPFKR?
H. C. DECKEK, 10:0 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
\\r ANTKD— IMPROVED PROPERTY IN SAN
' » Francisco, Oak-lurid, Berkeley or-AlameoatO
exchange for fine ouilding lots in a fine growing
sect on: . will assume mortgage, - 468 Ninth st.,
Oakland. . ...
"L OR HOUSE IN OAKLAND OR ALAMKDA—
1 A modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath In San
Jose; lot. 42x140: value $3000; clear. WM. J.
DINi.KK, Kighih St., Oakland. - ■>
UMIEKWi OD & C»i., 765 MARKKT ST., CAN
■ exchange your property: try them. f -'
CEND rOK OUK LIST OK ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOQSTEK A WHIT TON', San Jose.
rpiMBKR— IVBOACKKS; KKRN CO.; PLENTY
J w»tpr: 11 ii'iii sik-k n»n>-h. N. box lfi. 1 .
Jt\>*L.L 'x<J LOAN., ■
J fin (\Ct(\ TO 6^ PER CENT;
tjp%>\J\/.\>\J\J city realty, also Oakland: bank
rates; life Insurance, undivided estates. SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 218 Montgomery st.
I)VA>CKS ( N DIAMONDS,! WATCHES,
Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest -rates. B-LDWI.n JKWELRi
STOKE, 948 Market st. : open evenings. '
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR 3DMOHTGAGES,
estates, undlvMe I :n, r. -,13. real estate In pro-
bate; fur lture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 -Montgomery St.. room 3. .
>£• <■')! \ r\f\i\ ' LOAN IN SUMS TO SUIT ON
»JT .\J\J\J city real estate. M. B. LEVY, 11
Montgomery st.
(^^TJAfjTN TRUST AT 8 X »>N HEAL ES-
Ui- Vitl.»'Vv/ tate 2d mortgage, on pianos* furni-
ture; no attorney's fee. ISAACS. 240 Mon gomery.
ONI-.Y LOANED ON JKWELKY AND
other valußb a the Security Loan Office,
HC6Market St., nr.Mason -.private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECTON YOUR FURNITURE OR Pi A O,
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, lionohue bdg. 1170 Market st.
ALWAYS ON TOP .FOR LIBErtAL A~i>
vances at lov Interest; call and be convinced.
Cot-rate Loan Ufiire. rm. 7, Flood bldg, 609 Market
ffljOO^ I\(U\ AT BANK KATE-*: IST AND
<?«-*— *J.\J\J\J 'id morteaces. estates, rents, etc ;
lend as low as $50. H. MUR PHV. 628 .Market at.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKWELRy.K.TO-
Colombia Loan 4 1 ollateral Oflice, 9 1 rant aye.
RIVATE P.^KTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security, low interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
♦ NY AMOUNT: LOWKST KATE: IST A2D
S\ mortgage: flat or installment. Prvden.63s CaL
r-AW.NBKOKtKS.
HIOHKST PRICE PAID FOR " CAST OF?
clothing.- «-osrriopo linn I own <Iftir-, 49 Third.
ti>AAXIAL.
ffiji (\(\ (\(\l\ TO LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
«lTXlMy.lny\> Ann'vrm S"2. <»l.^af*> "«»p.BI<U.
UOKsii.'j.
JAHUUSES FOB SALE; ALSO " WAGON -I
11/ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Uuru
Market, 827 Stx.b St.; aacUon Bales every W MUl>r
cay. SULLIVAN it Do VLB. Auctioneers.
'I 111. EMPORIUM &ALiiS -YARDS. WJVA.
-I lencla St., is the place to golf you 'wan; to buy,
•ell or exchange horses, bugcles. wagons or hair-
Pfas: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock
tiWk SET NEW AND SECON U-11A.V v ii AA-
O\J\J i.«w; all kinds: bugey.wason^ carts, surrar
A- rockaway; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
"I t/k SKIS NEW AND bKCONU HAND HAL*-
X U\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, snrruyt.
rockawars. carts: must he sold. ; ITU lUaaioa 1.
• H LECTRIC HO LIPPING: CALLED FOR
' ' and returned. 640 Valcnca: tel. Mission.' 2i.7.
C/\ in-, v DKlViNti A.vDWo.. . HUKSm;
tJI/. wflfl.t Oil') to 70') 'M. H>-'» HftyuM V;- ■
\» AliUAi ANIJ CAxiiilAUJiS.
"VT E WAN D S IiCOND^H AN D B A K ERS', LA UN^
i.l dry, milk and grocery wagons: - also rockaway
and 2 fine buggiet. 828 Harris .:i st.
C-GLA^S LANDAU HACK. IN PRIVATE USE
«■> 1 year, at WAi COM HKOs'.. 217 Kills St. -
* 1 UKMTUKK >oii t.AUC.
/••>•> i li.is— lo rooms ojs elegant ilk-
• >t) niturelor sale cheap. .
ArcTl >N I1«IUSE, 827 MISSION ST.— ASH
chamber suits. $13 50: folding-beds. $10.
Has. M. I'LUJi if CO.. L I'HOL.-"tki;Y ca
. 1301 MARKS I ST., COR. NINTH. :
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
\(\l\ CArtPr.TS: CHAMBKK oTTTTT $1 \ '
*iv/l' stoves, $5: varlor tets, $20;- foldinz-bedi.
«1(): bar outfits. T. D. 31CC\RTHY. 764 M issioa.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or gjod
vs new: cus or on time: open evenings.
IT ING FURN 11 URE .1 1 11 MARKKT,
IV furnUh' 4 rooms, *-» to*so; best bargains la
city. ■."■ -,- - - '•■■ ■;-"■ : •' -. _•-! -.-. > .::..•: . :
jj uckin«;ham flrnituke CO.— LOWEST
. I > prices; furniture,' carpets; all grades. 888 Mi*
uon in i"yrim>«iiiWT>hi '*)* nii< i"MVi*n>*ti 1 1 *My»m^w.l
T,U"R.\ITI'RK, BTOVKB, ' V AHI'KTS, COUX- .
J. l»rs. showcases. ANDKRSOV. 1121 Marke^st.
CAia'i. r tLDA-NLNO. ;
C"^TTT^ r i^M^ARTET^XEA"^rN7r^v7TK"K^
Cleans, moves, lays carpets, (i. 11. M EVENS,
M.r. 88 and 40 . igbih si.; telephone South 250.. (
nAKI'KTSCLKA.NEU ANI» HEXOVATKD
Aj.llke new.. FKRi.USON <fe CO.", 28 Tenth; teL
South 3d. D. MACKINTOSH <fc C )., successors.;
.\\t IMS v v BSCuxk DISGUSTED: WITH
I ',» poor work tosPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pot-lit-a.lni; VV. rka, 353-57 1 ehania St.; tel. So. 41).'
DVA N Y cAii PE I '-I LE A N ING CO.. 40J
sutter. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALOOM, I'rop..- .
. E. MIILHKIX, CAIU'I'.T-i 'LKASI.N'i. CO.,
.240 14th su : cleaning So a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
pARPET-ULEANING. 3c; LA YIN&. 3c: RUG
\J sampler free; tel.'jessla944. Stratton, 198th su
pONKI.IVS . CAKP.-T- Bi-.ATING WOKKs
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1.6.
•_C A A«D Al' UREA WKhTEKN L'ARPi^T-
O cleaning Worker 11 Eighth su / ■
f~ONES A CO.: "MAIN :.": OFKICK~2S AND 27
*' Hghih at. Tel, phone J' ss i» lOtfl.'
■ Al 1 OAtA^l s-A 1 -L.A »V.
S'^Xfi A^RS^ANtT^IEC H A^TTc^^AlSTs^ctTl^
lected; esta;es probated: deeds, wills, contracts
drawn: advice ire. J. G. J^FiKEaS, la* office,
632 Market -t., room 23. . ' f . ■ ..-'. .>„ ,; ;... ;-■•.,-
-• = A DVICK 'X KE— LAWS A SPECI-
x\ a ty: , Pirate; no charge unless Kuccessfui; all
law suits, ci^lms. col <-ctloc«, wMi, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. . HOWK, atl'y-at-law, 850 Mwrkeu
P W. KING. CHRONICLE tONsULr
; JV. Ution free: probate; all ca-ps: fees low. - r :
INUOKIi .A: JiAUi'lJl, ATTORNEY?. A
■ law. room . 431 Parrott bulldin • (Emporium).
DVIUK I'Rc.K: NOCiIARGIi L'NLKSi .>to-
rfS-Sful. W. W. DaVHW.».V. ft-T -Mar.ets-.. ■
: PHOTOGKAPHEBS SUPPLIES. -i :; '
Cat at 1::4 Ueary California Camera
Cit at 124 Geary st, . California camera Co. : _ ..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS ■
OFFICE— gO» t. ROAD WAY. 1
OAKLAND' REAt ESTATE. -
$7- LOTS AND UPWARD; BUY NOW
W I«J when you can-, but few lots -left In the
Ailendale tract, situate In Fruitvale, adjolnln; ;
tast Oakland; this is tbe only choice property
cow being offered in this tat>.' at Mica low prices;
near a flue school: ; twoelec.ric roads near by and
one. will shortly, go ; t >rousn this tract; grand
view: rare site for a horn*: drainage, perfect;
street all graded; some macadamized; homes
now here and others being built; 1. rmi, (5 casD,
45 moutlily. »tia Ninth St., Oakland. U. Z.
JONKS, owner.' . • •
pro: for rrrcKßuilTr
■10-DAY TAKR YOUR FAMTLT ANO
FRIENDS OUT ON THK * FITCH.-
-• iiURG, SAN LEANDRO AND
Hay wards local.
F»>» Southern Pacific Time-Car^.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT SI OP EAST OF
FRUITVALK IS THK FLACS. FAST-
K&T SUBURBAN TRAIN 1 ON.
THE PACIFIC CO A ST. S-G
DIRECT BOATS AND 1 BAINS FROM" FERRY.
iOOT OF. MARKET . STREET, TO
11TCHBURG STATION IN
JfOKT.Y-FIVK MINUTES..
AtMßert*, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
by the Fucbbursr scorcher. HaywanU electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of Ufa and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cuccriul, combined aud prosi<erou4 in t'l.ca-
burg.:./,, •■ ... .;.-•- ■ . . -.;..
Fitchbnr? t% the most r>rom!.«nc snbnrh on tha
olrect line of up-to-daie public and private im-
provements in the. vicinity, of Oakland. It is si
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines cow operating, deep-water transportation for
irelght by Damon's line of ' fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county ruaJi
lending to it. are lncon:estlble proof*. It Is regu-
larly laid out Into blocks and lots bounded by wlda
streets, graded and traveled, and ornamented with
aveuuu trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
NOW IS THE TlMii TO BUY. r-
For a home while cheap; for speculation on 1
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
Dow, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvement) to make. Water supply from i
companies at your doors. " Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates ana 00 easier payments than
can be bought in many of We uiie-sirevt uracu m
an inaccessible bayfield.
Lots 25 and 60 leet front by 100 to 200 feet de*p
to parallel street : double frontage.- Terms, 10 per
cent rash: deterred payments in easy iiutuXlmeuu;
UUe perfect. • - > '
W. F. McCLURR, IP Montgomery st, S. b\
THAD. S. FITCH. Fitchbnnt. - ' '
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
V/- WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, posir
ace free. _^__^_
OAKLAND iCURMTUKK FOR SALE.
\\r EdK DIAMON 1J& U\ k*A i KUNJZINO H
'' st H KI.LH A AS. tnrnitnrf 1 Uh.OakM
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENfi
'"' . AtABrETJA HEAL ESTATE. .
•Jt^^^n hanhbome new cottage of
*jp*Ji~O\J. 1 rooms': .la* ost design; choice cor-
ner lot, 50x11)0; easy crms. ' ' :
$2400—950 cash; $.5 monthly; cottage 5 rooms
and bath: lot 50x125; close 10 station.
$2l>Uo— s 00 cash; elegant new colonial cottage;
5 rooms, reception-hall a d bath. : °: '
i WABCUSE & REMMEL,
-street station '(broad gauge), Alameda; 628
Market «v, San Fraucisco. Oilice open Sundays
and Holidays. '-- •• ~ : '■ ' ■ -■ -
N E.XCKIMIO.NAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
investment of a small capital lv Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new fi-room cottages in a first-class locality; mid-
way between narrow anJ broad gauge stations and
within half block' of business street and electtic '<
railway: artesian well : gas-engine an I mill; post- '
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused. For
further particulars address A. R. DEN 1503
Seventh st . .M»mprln. Cat. -i
* lii.liivijj-,lil' BIiAL IiSTATB.
(Si 1 7^fT r BARGAIN OF THE SeX
tip I I «JU. son; nouse of 6 rooms; large lot:
stable, chicken-house; street work done; near sta-
li .n Jos. J. M > -nX, Berkeley 31 at on.
iiiUiCAL.
ABI.EbBING TO LADIES SUFFEKIX9
from 1 and diseases peculiar to their sex;
latest improved method of ■ treatment ; . never
fails: perfectly harmless: free Irom any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them
well ; travelers helped mime iiateiy; prices to suit
tho times: home lv couh'nemenu DX. A MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister su. next Hibernla . Bank;
consult fr-e: French regulating pink pills, *J;
hours trorn 9 a. li. to 5 p. M. and 7 to 9 p. M. -
PROCESS THAT NEVi-.R FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; , no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
I advice free: tetms reasonable; first-class private'
home for confinement. MRS. Di . DALEY, 1128
Market St., over the Owl Drug store. ■ - -
R. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES.- A
guaranteed ab-olute cure tor all female irregu-
larities (do matter what cause); positively safe*
and sure; no danger or after effects; taken in time,
It also acts as a preventive; ■ price $1 60 1 er box:
tent tree by mail on receipt of price. .. WALLKU
BROTHERS,3 3 Grant aye.. ban rrancisco.
ANEW PROCESS— NO M E D I C I N E, I NSTRU-
A roent or worthless pills used; evfry woman
herown physic an for all female troubles no matter
from what, cause; restores always in one day; can
be sent and used at home; a 1 cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, alB Kearny.
RS. GOODWIN, SPKCIALIsT; LADIES,
near or far. safe, quick cur« guaranteed, any
dl^eas- or complaint: home for patients: best
skill: free diagnosis: low fees; self cure. 904 Mc-
Allister st.
LPKAi FRENCH P'LLS— A BOON TO
It-dies with female troubles: no danger: safe
and sure. $2 50 . ipress C. v D ; don't delay until
tt'Olaie. OSG«»OD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
SUKK I lllfc FoX ALL. Fl-.MALK DtS-
eases, from whatever cause: home in confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 2'_'6 Turk b.
on't FAIL TO CONSULT d«. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a Kunrantee of fair treatment
the worst cases treated salisfac orily by mail.
DU PRAF.'> FKMALK KKGULATING PILL.--;
safe and efficient emmenafogue: $1 per box.
RICH ARDs & CO.,drnggi»ta, 406 Clay su.sole agts.
C- " 1 \nl*A ID FOR A CASE 1 FAILTO CU RE OF
k^O\'\J feu ale complaints or diseases of the eye;
lonsuitatioti free. MRS. DR. .-COrT. M 3 Jones SU
KTROPOLITAN DISPKNSAKY. '10731^
Market st.: 20 years' experience in nervous
ual sexual diseases: both sexes: consultation free.
OME, A tRIE N D AND MOT H ER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Ktghth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OKA.NY FK.HALK Dl EASE
■lye MKS.DK. and be content. JJ54% 4th.
| ,R. HALL, 14 McALLi BI ER STREET. NiiAlt !
-I' Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
\ * RS. p:;s. Donovan, 1306 FOLSOM ST.;
i'»- copfi-ement: terms r.asouable. •
piIF.APF.ST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ace free. -
— — — — — —^
nHAHANT & chalfantTmoved^from
\J 8 Mason bu to 119 Powell; Uridge work spe-
cialty. ' .;. . . ... ;
1 R. L. T. CRANZ-hXTRACTiON PAINLESS;
XJ crown work, bridge worse and teeth without
patea a specialty. 33tf Suiter. NE. cor. Stockton.
U>7 FULL.SKT OF IKKTU-WOKTH $16;
*S> • . warranted 6 »rs: extraction free; filliugs
50c Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
L ULL SET OF .'J'EETH,' S7, WARRANTED:
X filling 60c. crowns $3. -DR. BROWN. 21 Va 3d.
C01.10.S iit.\'lAL ASSOULu'iOX, 806 MAR-
I ketst. DR. CHAKLE \V. DECKER. .
D- E. W. PRATT— TEETH ON. ALUMINUM
I lates same price as rubber. 14 Grant aye.
C; 7 A "BET i-OK 'li-.rJiH-WA Ad
tiP • good as can be made: filling $1 DX.
dentist, 930 Market st.. next iJa.cwio j heater.
AINLJ-.f-.-4 h.XTKACI lON, . MJc: ■ CRoWN
bridge work a specialty: plates 95 up: IS vearV
experience. K. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 816% Geary.
K. LUDLUM iIILU 1443 UARKKT ST., Nit
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates ar^ made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gait mven.
: S_XT Or TEKiil WlTnuUl" A fUli. JUJi
0 H. O. Yoonir. 18 41. y01k su '•'■■'
D... J. J. Lfc.Jj.-n.. -IiUB MAKKET.i'UIt. GULLiE.V
XJ Gate avK: open «-ven in Sundays' till noon.
CRUOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION".- 759 M-VR-
\\J ket. bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
♦xtractlns, with gas. »1 ; plates. $5 up: fill. 81 up. |
DR.' UtOilUiS W. LEEK. TilK • GJI.NUINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved ■ bridge work or teeth
' without anr plate, moved from 6 to liOO^FarrelUt.
A LL WOilK TO SUITT.MKS'.WAKRANTJSix"
X\. DR. KK.\. 1870 Market si , Iror.t City Hall.
ALL . WORK IIKASON'ABLK AND WAS-
- ranted. . DR. .1 \\ . KKY.-.liaa Market su
pHCAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THK
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or ' Canada one year for $1 60, post-
ae free. ■■"- -.•.'..-•.'.!.--;,.-. ■-,-.,,....•'
.." >*AiVaiICIA_NS. '-~ ■ . .
'^ crci6'DONNELL."i'id3~»IARkET? COR.
Gol.ien » :;>:<• ay. : din- ase- of women ■-■ upeclattv.
i flight Have Averted the Civil/War. : ?
- Ex-President Harrison, > in ?, writing of
the : "Interior Department": and th« dis-
tribution of .public land in October; La-,
dies' Home ■ Journal, ; says: .; "In 1£62 the
'policy of giving to acmal settlers thereon
a quarter section (160 acres) of the public
lan. l. .where the lands;, were, rated -at $1 25
per acre, or 80 acres, where, the lands were
rated . at $2 50 per : acre, was h adopted by
Congress. The settler is required to make
affidavit that the land is entered for his
own use as a. homestead, and the patent
does not issue to him until .'he' naa resided
upon and cultivated the land for five year 3.
In the case of soldiers and sailors the time
served in the army or navy, and in the
case of those aicharged for wounds ordis-
ability the whole term of enlistment, may-
be deducted from the five years' residence
required, but at least one year's residence
is required in such cases*. It i was a wise
and beneficent law, and if it had come
twenty years before would probably have
settled "the question of the : extension of
slavery wiihout any further help from our
statesmen."
; *~ — ~ ■
LIRIIIS--MAKRIMS-- bEATHS.
fßirth, marr'atrp and death notlc«» sent hv mall
will not be Inserted. The? mus be banded In a',
either of the publication oillces and be iniorsel
wituiUct name and residence Of persons autaorlzsi
to uave Uie baino published. J
BOKX.
FISK— In this city. November 21,1898. to the
wife of G. M. Flsk, a son.
MORRIS— In th 's city. November 25, 1998, to
the wife of A. T. Morris, a son.
WILSON— in this city, November 24, 1896, to
1 be wife of John Wilson, asm
Jl.ViiKiliU.
CALDWELL— KRONE— In this city, November
25, 1896, at the Kmmanuel Church, by the Rev.
F. W. Fischer. Howard W. Caldwell and Chris-
tina L. Krone, both or San Francisco.
COX— MACK— In this city. NovemDer 25. 189 1 ?.
by the Key. " K. J. Lion, Levitt' H. Cox of San
1 Cisco and Willie L. MacK of Berkeley. . <r
DILGES— SCHRACKKART— In this city. No-
vember £5, 1896, by the Rev. "J. Fuendeling.
Henry 11. DiUes and Rosa Schrackkarc
EICHEL— MULL.KR— this city, November 25.
J 181 5. by the Rev. J. Fueudeilng, Martin Conrad
Kichel and Ida .Mm r.
■ HART— KRAUSE— In this city, November 25,
is.' by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, George D. Hart
aud Wanda Kiatne.
NICHOLS— BURTSCHELL— November 25.1893,
Henry G. Nichols and Mary E. Burischell.
ROHRs— BONKK— In this city, November 19.
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendefing, John Henry
Hours aud Anna O. Bonne.
STUN MANN— GREEN— In this city. November
26, by. the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Frank steln-
mann and Elizabeth Green.
SKIFF— MacDON ALD— In this cltv, November
26. 189 i, by the Rev. Father Jones of the Do-
minican churca , Albert K. bkin* and Jennie K.
MacDona'd.
Ahlr. Annie Latiirop, Isabel S.
.a lire us. Mrs. Grace Meyers, Johanna
Bloomer, John U. Morris. Abe
Bradle -, Anita Ricnardson. Horace
Burgess, Sarah St. Deuis, Georva
Fl.iher. -arnuel Sterrett, George \V.
Hau.ey, ames H. Tomlin, George W.
iia.if (mtant) Verdeubalven, Joan
Hanamney, Airs. M Virnere. Elaro
Harris diaries L. Walvcer, Kobert S.
Hltcncock, W. *'. Williams, Henry A.
Kingsley, Bernard Walte, Delia A.
AHLP- tn this city, November 28, 1893, Annie,
beloved daughter of Henry and Margaret Ahlr.
a native of south -an FraucUco, ag«a 9 months
and ib days.
i^yt'rlends and acquaintances ar^ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 1 :80 o'clock p. v.. irom the
r. sideuce of i:er patents tsixth avenue and X
street. South San Francisco. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
AHRKNS— In Waldport, Or.. November '-'0,1896.
Mrs. Grace Ahreus (nee Darling), a o 'ed 2U yeari
3 months and 25 days.
BLOOM KR— lu this city, November 26, 189S,
John Q. Bloomer, a native 01 Wunemberg, uer-
man ■-.
IS" Notice of funeral hereafter
BRADLEY— In this city. November 25, 1898,
A lilt a Bradley, a native of Valltjo, Cat, aged '41
years. •
BURGESS— In this city, November 24. 1898.
' i^arati Burgess, a native of Kingston, Canada,
aged 63 years. • '
jay Friends and acanalntanci are respect-.
. (v.... invited to attend the funeral Tills U.VY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence. 3-3 Cai.ro street, inu-iiueu. Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers. . .
FISiIER— Ia this cl v. November 25. 189 G.
Samuel, beloved husband of Mary Fisher, and
, fatuerof boiomon, Michael, Moses aud Becky
Fisher, a native 01 Konln. Poland, aged 62 years.'
Hartiord (Conn ). bacr<tmen.o and Los Angeles
paoers please copy.J .
JOPFrientis and araualntanci*^ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY-
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from his late resi-
dence, 825 ltoward e»ireu;. Interment Salem
Cemetery.
HANLEY— In this city, November 2*5, 1833, at
his late residence, KJ»3 Treat avenue, James IL,
beloved husband of Eliza Han ey, a native of
Cain Jen, Me., a,'ei 66 years.
HAAF— In West Berkeley, November 26, 1896.
iuia.it son of Charles aud Hattie Huaf, a native
of West Berkeley. ' • ',
HANAMNEY— In this cltr, November 25,1^98.
Mrs. Monica Hanamney, a na;iva of • Ireland,
aged 40 yearj.
HA KRIS— In this city, November 26, 1896,
Charier Lewes Harris, a native of Philadelphia,'
Pa.. :i«e i 40 yean.
HITCHCOCK— In Yreka, Novambsr 26, 1393,
W. '•-.Hitchcock.'
Iff Notice of tuneral hereafter. -
KINGSLKY— In this city, November 23, 1893,
BernarJ, beloved and only son of T&otnas H.
and Elisabeth Kings. and brother of Mamie
Klngsley. and grandchild of Michael and Mary
Hennessey, a native or San Francisco, aged 3
I years 4 months and 19 days-
LaTHßop— ln Virginia city. Nev.. November.
21. 1:493, Isabel Stevens Lathrop, . ag<s\i 9
months and 1 : days.
MK\ ER — In this cltv. November 24, 1895. Jo-
hanna, dear y beloved wife of J. 11. W. F. Meyers,
and mother of Fred and George Meyers. Mrs. J.
A. Kennedy an 1 M. T. Costeilo, a native oi
.County Clare. Ireland, aged too years.
Friends and acquaintances are r»speict-
fuily invited to attend the funeral THIS DA If
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m.. from Her latj
readeuce. 425 Twenty-ninth ht^^., thence to
: Su Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem man
.will be celebrated for tbe repose or her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock, a. h. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORRIS— In this city, November 25, 1396. Abe
- j Morris, a native or Saata Rosa, aged 37 years.
RICHARDSON— In this city. November 2 ,IH9?.
Horace, belove 1 Drother of element Richard--
sou. and uncle of Lawrence C, George T. and
Albert J. Rir-hiird-ion and Mrs. John F. Milll-
rick, a native of Sussex, England, ageo 43 years.
ST. DENIS— In this city, November: *5, 1*96.
Georze Su Dent*, b«lovei son of the late Amelia
St. Denis, and brother of the late John and
Joseph at. Denis, a native of Marysville, Cal.,
aged 33 years and 3d ay , ■
0-3rFnen<t3 and acquaintances are respect*
1 fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter &Co 122 r-ddy street.
thence to. St. Mary's Church, corner of Califor-
nia and Dupjnt. streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the r^poje of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. snarp.
i .1. .-.■ vi -a. Mount Calvary Cemetery. . 
6TERRE IT— ln this city. Novembar 26, 1896,
George W. Sterrett, aged 52 years.
Toil LIN— In this city, November 28, 1893,
■ G«or?e \V.. beloved son or fie late George and
Elizabeth J. Tomlln, and brother of James Tom-
lin. a native of nan Francisco, aged -7 years 5
.- months and 16 days. ' ■
Y. M. I.— Officers and members of Mission Coun-
cil No. 3. Y. M. 1., are hereby notified to attend
the funeril or our deceased brii,ner, George
Tomlin, TO-MORHOW (Saturday), at 2 o'clock
"p.m., irom iiia late residence, 903 V 2 Bryant
street. ■» lIS P. HENRY. President.
John E. Richards Jr. Cor. Sec
VERDKNHALVEN— In this cltv. November 24,
1898, John,' beloved husband of Chris. Ver-
denhalven. and lather of Mrs. Janiei F. Swift,
Mr* Henry E. Bestliorn. Ernest U. and Heury
-' A. Wuhrmann. a native of . scharmbeck, Ger-
many, n-,-eJ ,56 years '£ mont&s and Sir days.
A member of Alemanla Lod?e No. 8, X- of P.
' (New York paper* please copy.] » ' ■
Friend* an;l acquaintance ar» ■■ nssaea'.- •'.
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Friday), at . 2 o'clock ■P. m.. from ' his late rest-
deuce. 403 -ixth street, corner of Harrison.'.
lntermen: Masonic Cemetery. ..,."*
ViRNKTK— In this city, November 24. IS9T
Euro Virnate, a native of : Mexico, aged 25
.years. . ....'
WALKER— In this city, November 23, 1895. :nt
his rejid.-nee. 1530 Dolores street,' Robert
s., dearly belovel husband or Kate Walter, and
■ son of David J. WaUer, a native or New Bruns-
wick. aged 31 year* 1 moutu anl 15 days. ■ ■
. ; . JlSThT'endi < and acanalntanc«i^ »>r« . respect-
fully invite 1 to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (?aturJay), at 1 o'clock p. n.. from the
"Advent i Christian •' Church. Church | aree;, be-
tween Twenty- ninth and Thirtieth.
WILLIAMS— In this city, November 25. 189 J.
.. Heury Alston Williams. beloved son 0? Harry
Alston ana Florence Williams, a native or San
Francisco, a<e.l 1 year 4 month* un.l 13 days. . ■
'•-■ 4S*Frlendi are rcsDeotfHlly inviel f> at end'
the funeral , services THIS DAY (Friday), at ;
ll o CIOC£ A. m, at 2218 UevlsaJero s.a-L'.. In-
' ter, neu. private. ■ Plfcjistf omit flowers. ■ '.<". '-■? ■*
WHITE— In Menlo PJirk, November 25, 1895. ■
■ Delia A.AVntte, a native of Boston, Masa, aged
- .70 years and 2 month ' . ..
' : ■■' tS" Friend* ■ ana - acaualntanc»^ are : respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY .
(Friday), w. 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-' '
lors of 'Halsted A Co.. 946 Mission -. street.
Interment 1. O. O. K. Cemeter/. . ,«.-,;. . .
' WicAVOr A GALLAGHER, j
. FONRRAL DIBKCTORS 4 EMBAF.MKKS,
SO *" Utb. St., Opp. Lincoln School. - -
■ -.. '.-' . ;. ; ' ■ Telephone 3080. ,_■ '-.■-•
F. U QUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER. "
GAN I NHR & GUNTZ, r
Funeral Directors a <d Embalmers.
' "-.'-8 and 1O CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432. .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: .NEAREST iKMH.
tery^to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sen** ex-
dative: location, unexcelled. Office i»W Simm -
•Uevd aouuieaiv wnatt oi autu*
1314
AS LARGE AS
A BIG WHALE
W. H. H. Hart Tells of
the Lergth of the
Airship.
ANOTHER WILL BE BUILT
It Is to Be Used to Destroy the
City oi Havana lor the
Junta.
TIN MILLIONS IS DEMANDED.
No Troob c to Navigate the Sky Now
That a Perfect S:orag> Battery
Is Invented.
The subject of the airship and lights
seen by the people of half a dozen counties
has not lost any of the interest in the
public mind. Notwithstanding the fact
that the weather was very cold last even
ing hundreds of people on both sides of
the bay spent considerable time out of
doors looking for the mysterious lights to
reappear and skip across the bky.
Dp to a late hour no lights were seen,
and the impression was that the inventor
and his assistants were taking a night off
and enjoying a Thanksgiving dinner and
a little rest.
Tne iegal representative, nowever, says
that the men never rest, but are hard a:
work improving and perfecting defective
parts oi the machinery. He promises that
ere long the public will have positive
proof that the ship exists.
Attorney W. H. H. Hart is as enthusi
astic over the airship in whicn he is inter
ested as though the matter were that of
praise instead of ridicule on the part of
the unbelieving. He seems to be thor
oughly convinced that he has a good
thing, and if there are those who regard
tne whole affair as a hoax or a fake Mr.
Hart says they will have to remain in
ignorance so much longer.
That it exists and has made successful
flights be has no doubt, although he has
not teen it.
Of those who are convinced that there is
such a thing as an airship Mr. Hart said:
'"It will be a matter of only a very short
time before they can say, '1 told you so.'
Even if 1 had not personal knowledge I
would be very careful about branding tbe
thing as a fase. The position of The ("all
has been fair and impartial. Ii has sim
ply published the statements of those who
saw that which they believed to be an air
ship, and has made no attempt to con
vince the general public that these people
were either fools or had wheels in their
heads."
The attorney, in the course of a long
conversation upon this all-important sub
ject, explained a number of features that
heretolore have not been made public In
the first piace he gave the length of the
airsbip as about 125 feet and of a
widih in proportion to its length. This
corresponds to the statement of W. J.
Taylor of East Oakland, who said the air
ship he saw on Wednesday evening
looked like a large whale. Another im
portant disclosure was that the inventor
and Mr. Hurt nave already discussed a
proposition to construct another airship
of not over fifty feet in length, to be used
for war purposes principally.
"The one the inventor has now," said
Mr. Hart, "is too large and uses up too
much power in running against the wind
— that is, it piesents too much surface to
the wind — and t.e one we are thinking of
constructing will carry the same aparatus
and power. The amount of power now
used to operate the big airship will last
twice as long and do much more service if
applied to a smaller ship."
"Do you seriously consider the build
ing of another airship?" was asked.
"Yes, if there is any inducement. I see
in to-day's paper that the Cuban Junta
wants to purchase Cuba's liberty from
Spain for a hundred million dollars.
Now our sbip would secure the same re
sults at a much less figure. I talked with
the inventor yesterday morning and he
said that if the Cubans would give him
$10,000,000 be would wipe out the Spanish
stronghold of Cuba."
"Would he demand the cash in ad
vance or its equivalent in secur.ties?"
"Oh, no. The new Cuban Government
would be good for such a debt. Ail he
would want would be the dynamite. He
would furnish the rest and do the job."
The attorney spoke of now the inven
tor with his airsbip and deadly explosive
would do the job with as little emotion as
though it was a nest of rats instead of a
city of wealth, power and beauty. Re
suming, he said:
"If such an agreement or contract is
made the airship can be taken to New
York and shipped by steamer to Cuba.
My suggestion is that it be landed not far
from the scene of operations. I advised
that a balloon be used to raise the airsbip
to the desired height, so as to save the
power stored in the storage battery. When
the ship is raised to the desired height the
balloon can be cut loose and the airship go
about its business. When it gets through
dropping dynamite into Havana it would
still have plenty of power left to get back
to where it started from."
"And the inventor will do this job for
110,000,000?"
"So he says. He asserts that he is not
in need of money and that it wili only
take about thirty days to build a smaller
airship. The material would cost consid
erable, as aluminum comes high. He
could put the smaller s- hip into perfect
working order for about $25,000 or $30,0u0,
and I believe that he will construct such
an airship before long."
The attorney was led off to the subject
of the power need on tbe airsbip and, as
before, he said that it is electricity stored
in a storage battery. He has an interest,
he said — a part interest — in a new storage
battery so light that it practically over
cornea one of the greatest obstacles of
aerial navigation. Mr. Hart continued,
tayine:
"For a long time scientists puzzled their
beads over the question how they could
secure a large amount of power without
carrying a large amount of weight. This
has been accomplished in the Fargo
storage battery in which I am interested.
I can put in an airship a twenty horse
power battery that will not weigh over
100 pounds that will run continuously tor
ten hoars. It does not require Any more
power to run the aiisbip that my client
has operated lately."
"Has tie a Fargo storage battery in his
ship?'
'Well, I am not at liberty to state at
present. The inventor of ihe Fargo stor
age battery and the inventor of the airsbip
are personal friends, and as I was inter
ested in the new battery it may account
lor my being called into the airship
scheraft. I do know that this battery
wouid give all the power such an airship
would require, and it can be easily charged
from any common motor."
The destruction of Havana by an air
ship came once more before the eye- 1 of
Mr. Hart, and he said that the charging
of the etorage batteries might be a matter
of difficulty in the neighborhood of Ha
vana. The aestroyer would not dare to
go too near to the Spanish fortifications,
as it is not bullet-proof. It might be diffi
cult to secure electricity in the little tropi
cal island. The battery might possibly be
charged on the deck of the steamer from
a dvnarao run by the steamer's engines,
but even that would be attended by great
risk considering ths vigilance of ihe Span
ish 'rusers.
"Would not international complications
arise < v of an aerial warship leaving the
United States to destroy a Spanish city in
Cuba?"
"Oh, no, not at all. The parties could
go outside of the jurisdiction on a char
tered or purchased steamer and si_'n the
contract and make all of the arrange
ments necessary. No. the United States
would not become involved in any annoy
ance with Spain. At any rate, the in
ventor is ready to take the risk and send
an airsbip to Cuba for war purposes as
soon as the Junta is ready to talk busi
ness."
While much of this conversation was
taking plare Mr. Hart was at the Chutes
showing bis little boy the hot air balloon.
After the huge smoke-filled ban had shot
into the air with the daring athlete
dangling to the end of the parachute
crossbar, and the excitement was over,
the attorney started for home. Just be
fore entering the house he said: "You
can tell the public that in a very short
time it w 11 have positive proof that the
airship is a reality ami not a hoax. I as
sert this, a. though 1 have not vet seen
my client's airsnip. I am convinced that
it exists, for I know that the main obsta
cle, sufficient power, has been overcome,
and thai was all that has stood in the way
ot aerial navigation tor years past."
♦
GLEAMED OV R SAN JOSE.
Several Peope Saw Lights Moving
In the Air Above the City.
SAN JOSE, Caiu, Nov. 26.— The mys
terious airship, according to the state
ments of many persons of good standing,
passed over tnis city again ihis> evening
about 7 o'clock. The nghts of the ma
chine alone a:e alleged to have been seen,
but all of the parties who saw these from
different quarters agree as to tho char
acter and course pursued by the supposed
airship.
Robert Shiels, an employe of the San
Joe Art Emporium, was on San Carlo
street, near Eighth, in the company < f
two young ladies, when his attention was
called to the moving ight by persona re
siding in the neighborhood. Mr. Shiels
claims to have previous y been skeptical
in regard to the airship, but stated ros-i
-t vely that he is now satisfied he saw the
lights of the machine.
He said he at first saw one light about
the size of an ordinary arc electric lamp.
He stood still and watched the light
moving westerly. It be. hii to lower and
then two lights were visible. When it
arose again only one light could be seen.
JJThe mj-chme, he said, eventually took a
southerly course, again displaying two
lights which were visible for some time
and then disappeared in the distance.
George Brasted said he ?aw the light from
the Julian-street road about three miles
from this city. His description of its size
and cour c agreed with that given by
Sbieis.
S. 8. Farley, proprietor of the Mayverne
Creamery, saw one large light movi >g
rai idly westward. A turn south was made
when two lights were visible. Mr. Farl y's
wife, Percy Steevesand a Miss Harris, who
are neighbors, were with him at the time
the snpposed airship and substantiate his
statement.
Mrs. B. P. Young, who resides at 328
East San Carlos street, stated that her at
tention was ca i-d to the supposed airship
by the son of Mrs. Parkinson, who resides
opposite, and who was sent to her house
to tell her the airship was passing over the
city. She went to the door in company
with her daughter and a young lady, a
Normal student, and they saw the moving
light as stated. Each of these persons
is satisfied that the lights they saw were
attached to an airship.
LIGHTS IN THE SOUTH.
Several Balleve That the Airship
Was Over Los Angeles,
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Nov. 26. — The
now thoroughly famous airship, which
has interested so many people in Central
California for many days and nL'hts, has
apparently passed over the Tehacbupi
range, and was seen in Southern Califor
nia last night by at least three persons of
excelient reputation fortrath and veracity.
One of these is George Smith, the book
dealer otf Second and Main streets, who
insists that be saw the aerial navigator
and its lights while on a Pasadena car last
night. Others of the passengers, Smith
believe", also beheld the remarkable sight.
Walter F. Parker, secretary of Mayor Ra
der, insists that he saw the airship while
star-gazing last night, and Robert Kern,
tne well-known boniface, also adds his
testimonial to the general credence of the
reports made. None of these gentlemen
ever gaze on the wine when it's red, hence
their story does not need an affidavit.
It is also reported that Frank Smith, a
brakeman on the Santa Barbara local
train, saw mysterious lights in the San
Fernando Valley last evening. The brake
man concluded that the overhead lights
were meteors, and therefore did not com
municate with any one on th' train about
the matter, but the proximity of at least
three lights at the same time, moving on
parallel lines, impressed him with the idea
that the sight was a remarkable one. On
relating his observations to a fellow
railroader here to-day, he was reminded of
the airship of the bay region. He after
ward secured copies of Ths Call, read up
the whole story for the first time, and is
now confident that the aerial navigator is
what he saw.
A remarkable feature of all the stories is
that the lights were all seen at the same
time and each individual describes exactly
what the others paw, viz.: triple lights
dancin in a zigzag way and moving on
parallel lines from northwest to southeast
and passing over the mountains toward
Riverside.
Saw a Bright Light.
PETALUMA. Cal.. Nov. 26.— Almost
the entire population of Petaluma was on
the streets last evening about 7:30 o'clock,
watching a distant twinkling, brilliant
light moving horizontally and southward
as well, which, under tele copic scrutiny,
further showed what was apparently a
dark cigar--hape 1 body, which evidently
carried the light, so, though skeptics are
numerous no doubt Petaluma was treated
to a far-away view of the much-talked-of
airship.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1896.
LAID ASIDE THEIR
HARPS AID FOUGHT
Minstrels Who Could Not
Agree on a Question
of Art.
Ihephard's Likeness Causes
Trouble B.tw.'en Him and
Thatcher.
One Had a Bast and the O'lier Had
None, Which Caused 111 Feeling
and Blows.
Burt Shephard and George Thatcher,
the far-fiim<u minstrels, have not spoken
us they passed by since they appeared this
week as rival stars at the Orpbeum. Burt
had held the fori for a week before GorgeG 'orge
came to gladden the Tbanksg ving bill,
tana from the moment that Burt stood in
he w/ngs and was ooserved to snort with
scorn as George's jokes aroused roars of
laughter the employes of the Orpheum
realized that things were strained be
tween the black-faced stars. Tney nave
grown more strained every day, and last
night they broke. If the accomp isbed
and far-famed gentlemen did not wear
coatings of burnt cork over their expres
sive features the fact that they both sport
tine black eyes would be apparent to the
entire audience for a week to come at least.
When two rival minstrels, who enter
tain a tine s orn for each other, are play
ing in the same house, a cause for blows
is not fur to find.
The rivalry between Burt Shephard and
George Thatcher came to a head last
night, however, in a totally unexpected
way. It all centered round a beautiiul
black-faced bust of Bhepard, which has
just been added to t; c art collection of
vaudeville celebrities that adorns the en
trance to the Orjiheum behind the box
office, genera known as the lobby.
A few months ago Thatcher and
Shephard were playing as rival stars
at rival houses in Milwaukee. Both
gentlemen were visited by the agent
of a papier macbe bust manu
factory, who represented the great advan
tage and glorification that would accrue if
the minstrels had themselves duplicated
in papier mache for the adornment of the
theaters who-e audiences they were glad
denir.g with ih • light of their presence. .
These blandishments did not fall on
deaf ears; both Shephard and Thatcher
consented to pose. They paid the agent
of the factory his price, and received as
surances in return that the si tings had
been such a complete success hat cold
marble bust" would not be a patch on the
teautiful thing in pressed pai>er that
they were presently to receive.
Months went by, and t»e minstrels
toured different routes through the
length and breadth of the land, but the
pai er busts tarried so long thai Shephard
and Thatcher both begun to fear that the
smooth- ton sued agent had beat, them.
A couple of days ago Shephard c auged
is opinion, for he receive i from Mil w«u
hee per freight train a speakingly life ike
kust. of himself, black face and all, in
Dressed paper. Knowing his duty to an
pd miring public, febephard at once bad
ahe art treasure denos.ted in the lobby of
the Orpheum. where last nignt it caught
t he jealous eye of Thatcher. It Happened
at that moment thai Shej Laid was loung
n? in the lobby, ana could overbear
remarks.
"Pretty poor sor; of a bust," observed
Thatcher, soliloquizing to himself.
"Pretty si w work never to get a bust at
all," observed Shephard, in a counter
soliloquy. "Some people are so slow that
Ihev never get there at a.1."
"Do you mean me, sir?" asked Thatcher.
"Oh! I was just remarking upon your
slowness, even in getting your bust. You
posed at the same time I did," replied
Shephard.
"1 may be slow in getting my bust, but
I'm all right when it comes to Hunting,"
replied Thatcher, and the next thing the
spectators heard was the dull, sickening
thud of a blow on Shephard's ample
cheek. After that things were pretty
lively for a second or two and people in
the rear of the audience crowded into the
lobby to see the fight. The combatants
were finally separated and being good fel
lows at heart they shook hands in sports
manlike style and the last thing heard of
them was in the annex, where Shephard
was overheard remarking. "Never mind
old fellow, your bust will be here la a few
days." ; .; .-,, ■
BLUEROCK SHOOTERS.
A Contest Between Four Celebrated
Mai ksmen That Was Won by
One Bird.
Notwithstanding the many counter
attractions of yesterday there was a toler
ably good crowd of sportsmen at Alameda
Point to witness a sp.cial match race be
tween four of the crack trapshooters of
the State, and also special shoots tor those
who desired to test their skill on artificial
birds.
The sharp, cold wind which swept
across the range did not seemingly affect
the shooting in the least, as the scores
will attest.
The sport commenced at 10 o'clock and
continued uninterruptedly until 3 p. m.,
when the target-punchers left for their re
spec ive homes to enjoy a tnrkiy dinner.
The ivent** consisted of two ten-bird
races, one fifteen-bird race, one twenty
bird race, "tie twenty-five-bird race, one
fifteen-bird race, six pairs of doubles and
a California freeze-out. All prizes were
divided into 50, 30 and 20 per c-nt. Class
shooting under the Rose system gov
erne i, with high guns winners.
The following are the results of the con
tests:
Event 1, ten-bird r&ce — Carr 4, O. Feudner
10, F. Feudner 8, Fanning 10, Mnrdock 9.
Webb 9. H. Vernon 8, Nnuman 9, Slade 10,
Owens 5. F. Vernon 6, Barney 7, Wneeler tJ,
Clabrougns.
Event 2 ten-bird race— O. Feudner 9, Fan
ning 9, Webb 10, Nauman 9, L.Owens 5, F.
F«udner7, Orr6, H. Vernon 7, felade 6, Day
7, F. Vernon 8. Murdock 9.
Event 3. flfieen-bl <l race— O. Feudner 14,
Fannin 14, Webb 12, Naurna . 12. H. Vernon
11, F. Femtner 14, Owens 13. S.ade 11, t*ars
11, Muido. k 8. Carr 13, Day 9, Barney 11, F.
Vernou 12, Cumin ings 8, Clabrougb 8,
Wheeler 7.
Event 4, match race at twenty-five birds,
825 a side— Webb 21, Naummi 21— total 42;
Fanning 22, Feudner 21— total 43.
There was great rejoicing when the ref
eree announced thesucce-sful team, which
w n the coin by the smallest margin. The
losing team challenged its opponents to a
return match, which doubtless will be ac
cepted.
Event 5, twenty-bird race— KerrißOn 15,
Carr 18, H. Vernon 12, Pickett 18, Sears 18,
F. Vernon 12, O. fender 11, Funning 14, Webb
19, Kaumnu 14, F. Keudner 15, Owens 15,
Day 12, Barney 17, Wheeler 9, Murnock 17.
Event 6, twenty-fly bird race— O Feudner
21, Fanning 24, Web. 23, Nauman 22, H. Ver
noo 18, F. Feudner 18, Smae 18, F. Vernon 19,
Sears 22, Haight 17, C»rr 17, keirtson 18.
Event 7, fi:ieeii-bird rac>.— Funning 12, O.
Feudner 10, Webb 14, Nauman 13, F. Veruon
8. SUdi- 7, Sears 11, Forster 9, Bellingtoa 14,
F. Vernon 6.
. It is said that whales can remain under
the surface of the ocean for an hour ana a
half. -■.-■- , :- . , ' , ,:.-. ■.
■ ..-, .. - ... ' - _ » ♦ « ,:
Watches, DUmonds.Jeweiry, at greatly red need
prices: buLdlng 10 be removed. 6 and 7 Third si.
_„__ >'TW TO-DAT-DRT Gnnn^ -^-
?*SO«H: :
As usual we close the week with a SPECIAL OFFERING OF NEW
AND SEASONABLE MERCHANDISE at #
PRICES THAT MAKE EACH ITEM AN UNMISTAKABLE BARGAIN!
HANDKERCHIEFS.
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
At (EMBROIDERKD SHEER L.*WN
lAa regular value
lvt ($2 per dozen, on special sale at 10c
each.
LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCH-
At (ED EMBROIDERED SHEER
\Ka -{LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regu-
lv\i (i ar value $3 per dozen, on special
sale at 15c each.
LADIEB' WrilTE BCALLOPED
At (EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
<)?: , I Handkerchiefs, regular value
■ w (*6 per dozen, on special sale at 25c
eacn.
VEILING! VEILING!
ftC* CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO
uo\j VEILING, three-quarter widths,
jq jnew designs, a large variety of
1 a'terns, on special sale at 25c.
il AA 135 c,l 35c, 50c, 75c, $1, $1 35 and $150
«PI«UV per yard.
CA P BRUSSELS NET AND TUX-
OvZ \ EDO DOTTED and BORDERED
TO > VEILS, late-t novelties, on spe-
AC ) ciul Bale at 50c, 75c, $1 and $1 25
«slt«u each.
NECKWEAR.
Special Sale of Luc-, Chiffon and Mons«
•elinedeSoie Fronts. Coliareites, Ruffles
and Jabots, at very low prices.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
103 dozen 4-BUTTON DNDRESBED
At (KID GLOVES, iarire bu toas, colors
T Q. - in.. <Ie, tan. state and brown, ail sizes,
vvli (regular price $1, on special tale at
59c a pair.
102 dozen 4- BUT TON KID
At l GLOVES, large buttons darK and
£A~^ medium tan hade-, sizes 6, 6^ and
Vv\j ($%, regular pr.ee $1, on special sale
at ida a pair.
(f {J Murphy Building, J
Market and Jon Streets.
GREER HARRISON'S
WALK TO SAN JOSE
The Author and Savant
Begins a Fifty-Mile
. Tramp.
Expects to Make the Distance
Over Rough Roads in
Fourt en Hours.
Ha Will Be Accompanied for the
First F w Mi ps by General
W. H L. Barnes.
Promptly at 6 o'clock this morning
William Greer Harrison, in sweater and
knickerbockers, peaked yachting cap and
walking shoes, will start from the corner
ot Tenth and Howard streets upon a tramp
to San Jose, fifty miles away.
It is Mr. Harrison's sixtieth birrnday
and he undertakes the journey to prove to
bis friends in and out of the Bohemian
Club that he is a* good as new. He ban
said that he can walk the distance in
fourteen hour*, which means that be can
cover a little more than three miles and
a half an hour for fourteen consecutive
hours, which is very good walking, in
deed, especially taking into account the
state of the roads.
There is no wager on the result, but if
Mr. Harriion keeps his word — and bis
friends believe he will do it — no other man
in the Bohemian Club will question his
claim to the championship of that merry
organization in the matter of pede.s
trianism.
John B. Lewis, the seventy-year athlete
of the Olympic Club, made the open
declaration a few days ago that he could
give Mr. Harrison an hour's start and
beat him to San Jose, but since Harrison
bought his sweater and shoes and peaked
cap and showed his determination to take
the walk, Mr. Lewis has fallen out of the
contest. He says he has not had time to
get ready for thn trip. Beside*, Mr. Lewis
wanted to muke a snorting ev-nt of the
trip, to have judges follow the pedestrians
and to arrange for resting stations.
Considerabe re ret was expressed
among the members of the two clubs, es
pecially those who can count three score
years in their lives, that this f ature of
ih* contpst is to be lost.
However, tlure is still a lively interest
in Mr. Harrison's undertaking, and there
will be a number of his friends wno will
brave the early morning mists to see
him off.
General W. H. L. Barnes will not only
be amoni! these, but he will keep step with
the pedestrian for the first few miles of his
undertaking. Perhaps at the last minu.e
some other of the c uomen wili undertake
.to go the whole distance with him.
Upon arrival at San Jose Mr. Harrison
will go direitly to the Hotel Vendome
and from there telegraph to the Bohemian
Club the announcement of Lis arr val.
And while he sita down and enjoys the
refreshments tnat will be awaiting h m
there, he will receive the congratulations
of his friends of the club by return wire.
There arc few expression-! of doubt as to
the poet's ability to make the walk within
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
450 dozen MEN'S FANCY BOR-
At (DERED HEMSTITCHED HAND-
fv* -(KERCHIEFS, large siz- and in
wv (n.-at designs of fast color prints,
regular price $1 dozen, on special
sale at 5c each.
125 dozen MF.N'S AND BOYS' UN-
LAUNDRIED WHITE SHIRTS,
At (made of Uiica Nonpareil cloth, with
lAl» ) c'ene ' en f OlVe d nne linen inserted bo-
Ovli (soms, felled seams and double backs,
wonh9oc, on special sale al 50c each.
96dozen MEN'S FULL- FINISHED
At (HEAVY MERINO feOCKS, in un-
-I<j)layiyed sanitary colors, good valu^
l*:iv (for isc, on special sale at 12> a c a
pair.
76 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANI-
At (TARY WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
-(and DRAWERS, warrant, d snrunk,
I WO (regular price $1 25, on special sale
at 75c each.
58doz«n MEN'S AUSTRALIAN
At (LAMB'S-WOOLand CAMEL" a-
tl AA IHAIR MIXED UNDERSHIRTS
$I.VV (and DKAW ERS, warranted tnor-
oughiy shrunk, re ular value for
$1 50, on special sale at $1 each.
RIBBONS. RIBBONS.
At (3 INCH ALL-SILK SHADED TAF-
ar:. MOIRE RIBBON, value 3oc,
uwv (will be offered at 25c a yard.
At (3^-INrH ALL-SILK SHADED
o^* •< I AFFETA MOIRE RIBBON, va.ue
O»JC (50c, wlh be offered ai 35c a yard.
At p-INCH ALL SILK SHADEDTA* 1 -
9?:* MOIRE RIPBON value 5Cc,
Otlv (wil. be offeieJ at 35c a yard.
mir Murphy Euildlng, J
JlarM and Jones Streets.
the time he has given himself, although
most men much younger would consider
it a big undertaking.
GYMNASTIC EXHIBITION.
Enjoyable Entemaiument by the Com
bined Classes of 1 liy-»ic«l Culture
of the San Francisco Turn Verein.
A gymnastic exhibition was given last
night in Turner Hall. Turk street, by the
combined classes of the School of Physi
cal Culture of the San Francisco Turn
Verein under the supervision of Robert
Barth. instructor. The hall was crowded
in every part and the exhibition was
thoroughly enjoyed.
A ter an overture by an orchestra there
was a grand entree by the combined
classes, followed by a fancy march and
calisthenics by the second boys' cl.-.ss, a
class lesson in foil fencing by the junior
class, rnnning game — cat and mouse — by
the second girls' class and roundel with
song a»id flags by the first girls' class.
The si rotia part included school tactics
and dumbbfil exercises by the first boys'
class, t-xercises on the balance swingby
the first girls' c!as9, parallel bar perlorm
ance by the juniors, running high jump
by a mixed clas* of boys and girls and ex
ercises on the horizontal bar by the boys'
first grade.
A ball f.>! owed the exhibition, and
dancing was kept up till an early hour
this morning.
AN EVENING WEDDING.
Ml§s Wiles and Mr Yates Mirried at
Mr. Kirkpatrick's Rpsidence.
Last evening Miss Lucy Wiles, sister of
Mrs. Thomas Kirkpatrlck, and Fred Yates,
an attorney of Corvallis, Or., were married
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Kirkpat
rick, 1013 bteiner street. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Thompson
of Corvallis. The young couple stood
under a lovely floral bell in the from
drawing-room while the ceremony pro
gres^ed.
The parlors were elaborately decorated
with pink and white flowers, evergreens
and potted plants. A string band added
to the charms of an occasion always im
pressive. The presents received by Mr.
and Mrs. Yates were beautiful as well as
numerous.
D.nner was served while the band fur
nished music. Vocal selections were ren
dered by Mrs. E. Brown and William
O'Brien. The guesis were:
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Kirkpatriek, Mr. and
Mrs. Dan T. Cole, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. North
Mr. and Mrs. F. Maroney, Mr. and Mrs. g
Straw t, Mr. and Mrs. B. Lucke, Mr. and Mrs o"
J. Koon, Mr. and Mrs. H. Su yens, Mr. and Mrs!
T. Tobin, Mr. aid Mrs. R. White, Mrs. £ W
Brown, the Misses Tobin, the Misses Taggart,
Miss Haule Kirkpatriek, Mi>s North, Messrs
Charles H. Murpny, Wither Cline. B. Winn
William O'Br.en, R. Mead, George Kirkpatrick'
E. W. Taggart and Mr. Gompertz.
Viewed the Airship.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 2a— During the
excitement of the past three evenings over
the reported airship the wags bava runde
life miserable for many oftbe Alamedans.
Monday night JVlax Gundlach and J. A.
Ri ey, two well-known business men, were
upon the 3treet corner with a section of
tin-conductor of a gutter-pipe, looking
through it and insisting that they had a
teie>cope and could see the outline of the
aerial monster. They refused to allow any
one to look into it unhl they had been
paid. Beintr so well known no oue hesi
tated to pay the price asked. The people
taken in refused to divu.ge the sell t«>
others and so the joke went on indefi
nitely.
Ihe Very Spot.
Orator— Wher • else but in the great
country of wbich I speak will yon find in
one spot such products as "iron, clay
chalk, copper, lead, slate, glucose', lruits
of all kinds, flax, hemp and ah manner of
grains?"
Man in the Audience — In my boy'?
pockets.— Spare Moments.
HOSIERY AND UNDER-
WEAR.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
At (BLAt X MACO COTTON HOSE,
9f\« yionbie knees, heels, soles and tt>es,
uvv (Hi-rmsdorf dye. worth 40c, on spe-
cial sale ai 25c a pa.r.
LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
At (TON HOSE, extra bieh-spliced
991« -(heels, douole soe- and toes, H« rms-
wOov (.iorf dye, .worth 50c, on special sale
at 3 pairs for $1.
LADIES' IMPORTED CASH-
At (MERE WOOL HOSE, high-spliced
CAfl -(heels, double soles and toes, black
vvv (and natural gray, worth 75c, on
special sale at 50c a pair.
Af .BOYS" NATURAL GRAY SANI-
pTT JTARY WOOL SHIRTS AND
j)"g jDRAWERS, worth 75c, on special
*sa.e at 50c each.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
At (EGYPTIAN COT'ION VESTS, high
2" a•< neck, iong s eeves, Drawers to
'j\j (match, worth 4Uc, on special sale at
2oc each.
LADIES' WOOL WAISTS
AND
CHILDREN'S COATS.
LADIES' WOOL "WAISTS, In
At (fancy plaids, latest s;yle aleeves,
tri •)£ -<yoke oa<k. laundered collar, reg-
sl.-V (ular nrice $175, on special sale
at $1 25.
At ALL-WOOL WAISTB,
$£l AA -) n fanc >' colors of r d, navy and
$-.0v | blaclJ . iai est sleeve, on special
at $2.
CHILDREN'S NIGGERHEAD
At . COATS, in red. green and navy
$9 KAX blue, finished with collar trim-
«pw«UV (mcd with black angora fur, regu-
lar i rice *3 50, on special sale at
$2 50.
[Gif IVturphy Building, J
fflarfat ani Jonas SWs.
HANDBALL COURTS.
Several Closely Contested Garnet
Played at ihe San Ira cisco.
Th?re was a good attendance at the San
Francisco Handball Court yesterday, and
several exciting and closely contested
games were played as follows:
W. Hamilton and J. Collins defeated E.
Curley ana A. Heidy, 21— 14, 17— 21, 21— 20.
L. Hinze and J. McDounell defeated J. Hinze
andJ. A. Vogelsang, 21— 13, 15— 21,21— 18. R.
Shay and Doc Molm. defeated T. Su iva.^ and
H. Mr nan, 21—14, 16—21, 21—15. D.
; Rogers and P. Ryan defeated M. McNeil
j and G. McDonald, 21—15, 13—21, 21—19.
I J. Harlow and J. Lawless <i pleated G. Hutch
inson and Al Pennoyer, 21—15, 17—21, 21—
19. R. Murphy and Ed Toy d f.-a.ed J. White
and W. Stansbury, 21—14, 16-21, 21—19. M.
M.iguire ana J. Hu»sev deieatfd G. Moguire
and T. Regan, 21—15, 13—21, 21—20- George
Huivh.nson aud .tl Pennoyer defeated P. T.
Donnelly, amateur champion, aud P. Hutch
inson, 21—18, 21—17. 21—20.
The longest span of wire in the world is
used for a telegraph in India, over the
river Ristuan. It is over 6000 feet, and is
stretched between two hills 1200 fe»t high.
WEW TO-DAY
Reading and writing are
twins.
A happier combination
than a bookcase and writing- ■
desk is hard to find.
But it's been abused. !
1 ' Cheap " furniture-makers j
have taken it up.
Result: gaudy shapes,
gingerbread work and rif-raf!
carving.
This is the rule — but how j
the neatly designed and ar- j
tistic exception stands out
from among such a lot !
It's pictured above. Every line an art line;
a few touches of hand carving; bric-a-brac j
sheives, two daintily swell front drawers, and j
an ova beveled mirr<r.
Quite plain — but the quar-
ter-sawed oak gives it rich-
ness enough.
You're welcome to see our
show of Christmas furniture. \
Come; bring your friends j
along.
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) ' U"P«»
117 Geary Street Mat& j
JACKETS, CAPES
AND SKIRTS.
' LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH
At (JACKETS, new sleevps and lap
A A ocketn, colors black aud navy,
«MtVV (regular price $7 50, on speoial
sale at $5 each.
LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH
At (CAPES, handsomely trimmed in
£9 Q£ •< braid, storm collar trimmed to
$otwtl (match, colors black ana navy-
regular price $6 50, on special
sale at $3 95 each.
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH
At (JACKETS, lap pockets, new
dC AA -(slt-eye;,, regular price $7 63, on
tpcltVV (special sale at $5 each. i
LADIES' ENGLISH SEAL-
At (ETTE RIPPLE CAPES, lined
$X Aft -(with silk, storm collar and fronts
<pV«"v ( tiim med with fur, regular price
$7 50, on special sale at $5 each.
LADIEB' PLUSH CAPE, hand-
At (somely beaded and lined with
*7 fTA -{-ilk, fronts and collar trimmed
$l»Wv (with Thibet fur, regular price
$12 50, on special sale at $7 50
each.
LADIES' GORED DRESS
At (SKIRTS, made of figured Bril-
s9 AA -> .iam-.ne, lined throughout with
$diVV (percaline, re. alar price $5, on
special sale at $3 each.
LADIES' FIGURED SILK
At (DRESS SKIRTS, extra wile,
*n CA :ned with p'-rcahne and velvet
ttlv (binding, regular prire $12 60, on
;;■'•- I: special sale at $7 50 each.
i/ij Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
FINE FURS AND SEAL-
SKIN GARMENTS
To order. Reinoaeluig an i repairing at prices far
below those of »ny o.ber farrier on the Pacifla
Coast. JII.L WOKKGDARANTEKD. JrKlaa
AD. KOCOUR, Eur"!er, ablb
B% Elearny Street,
Upstairs— Opposite Chronicle.
Formerly cutter wltn KevlUon Frerea, Parla.
London and New York.
THE
WEEKLY
G^LL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of the
o/ News of the Week and
<=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©< ORIGINAL FEATURES. - _
_j ~^^
°) IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY f
C* PAPER ON.THE
J PACIFIC COAST
©C Always Republican, but Always
©< Fair and Impartial in Its
o/ Rendering of the Po-
I •^j litical News.
j cJ It's the Paper to Send East if
! ex You Want to Advertise
icJ California. -
3 The Best \ /Mining
! 2 Telegraphic \/ News That
*j Service on /\ Is Accurate
°) The Coast / up to date
°) Not a Line of it Sensational
°S or Faky, and Not a Line of
©< it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
r-J Bright, Clean, A Champ on of
Ti\ ;■■-';- Thoughtful. : 'I ruth.
Q A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER . >
3 ALL THE TIME. J
3IT ADVOCATES ' SENT BY
~J : HOME MAIL, $1.50-
-oj ; INDUSTRIES ; A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL