VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 83.
FESTIVITIES ON
ADMISSION DAY,
Preparations for the Great
Celebration at
Stockton.
THE MAGNIFICENT ARCH
Parades on Land and Water
That Will Be Things to
Wonder At
DECORATIONS ON THE BANKS.
How the Vast Throngs at the Mill
Cty on September 9 Are to
Be Fed.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 21.— The gen
eral committee of the Native Sons held an
important meeting to-night, at which Otto
Grunsky of the entertainment committee
presided.
Chairman Gus G. Grant of the carnival
-ommittee reported that the principal
floats are now in course of construction.
A large storeroom has been secured in the
Yosemite Theater building and here the
materials to be used in the construction of
the barges and floats has been placed.
A line of lanterns will extend about Mc-
Leod's Lake for nearly a mile to the end
of the warehouse. Here a lightship, or
lighthouse will be stationed, and the pro
ces-ion on the water will turn at this
place. It will start in the lake, then move
west to the channel and down that to the
lightship. Along the banks lanterns will
be suspended every three feet, and eleven
large arc lights, with reflectors, and a
number of calcium lights will make the
water scene as bright as day. The largest
floats are now in process of construction
and the smaller ones will be completed
within a few days.
At intervals along the bank stations will
be placed, where, at a given signal, red
fire will be burned. The plans of the car
nival committee were approved to-night,
and it was tola to go ahead with itß work
on the lines mapped out.
Grand Marshal Nutter announced that
California Parlor would lead one of the
divisions and that W. D. Shea would De
the marshal in charge. Yosemite Parlor
will lead another division and George W.
Conway will be the marshal in charge.
Additional members were added to the
press committee to assist Chairman Henry
E. Adams, wno has thus far been very suc
cessful in the arrangements he has been
making for the newspaper men. Through
his efforts, George West <fc Co. of £l Pinal
vineyard, donated fifty cases of wine for
the represensatives of the press and has
besides promised, with others, a bountiiul
supply of vineyard products for the scribes
who will come here on Admission day.
The additional members of the committee
are: George Becker, J. J. Nunan, J. L.
Phelps, Irving Martin and R. B. Cullahan.
•The splendid arch across Hunter square
is rapidly assuming form, and its impos
ing appearance will add much to the deco
rations. Under it the Native Sons and
Daughters will pass in the parade, and
from its highest point the National colors
and the Bear flag will float, to be saluted
by the thousands who march in the great
parade.
On the south side of the arch stands the
figure of California in heroic size, holding
in one hand the furled colors and in the
other the wreath. The passageways are to
tbe right ana left ol the statue, and are
broad enough to allow fifteen men to walK
abreast. The height of the passageways
is forty feet, allowing ample room for the
floats.
The grand arch across Hunter Square, Stockton, as it will appear when completed. The view of the arch is taken
from the south side. The small picture in the upper right-hand corner, shows the bandstand on the north
side of the arch, which is under a monster shell to protect the musicians from the sun.
[Sepr educed from the drawing made by the architect.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
The Last of the American Clipper Ship Willie Rosenfeld. "When 400 Miles Off the Coast of Brazil She Went Down Stern First in a Gale, and Fourteen of He?
Crew Are Missing. Shipping Men Think the Rosenfeld Sprang a Leak Off the Horn and That Captain Dunphy Was on His. Way Back , to. Rio de. Janeiro for
Repairs When the Catastrophe Happened* The Willie Rosenfeld Was Named After the Youngest Son of John Rosenfeld, the Park Commissioner of This City.
The Young Man Died a Few Days Before the Vessel Was Launched. In J894 the Ship Nearly Foundered When Rounding the Horn, and the Above Picture
Is From a Sketch Made at the Time.
On the north side of the arch is the band
stand, under a monster shell to protect the
musicians from the sun. On pedestals to
the side are three figures of California
grizzlies, with raised forepaws. As the
work now stands, it is but the skeleton of
what will be a great structure representing
mountain crags, dashing waterfalls, the
sheathed grain of the valleys and nuggets
of gold from the mountains. The main
structure alone stands over 100 feet from
the foundation and 150 feet in breadth.
The artist will find ample room on the
vast surface to fashion all the representa
tions of California wealth and types he
may desire.
All of the boathouses on McLeods Lake
and the channel were visited to-day by a
committee to see how many rowboats
were available for the night of the water
carnival. Last 3*ear there was difficulty
in engaging sufficient boats by those who
THE COMING FETE AT STOCKTON, CAL.
SAN FRANCISCO, S\TURDAY MORNING, AUGUST 22, 1896.
ANOTHER AMERICAN VESSEL FOUNDERED AT SEA.
wished to view the carnival from the
water, but this year all this will be ob
viated, as hundreds of new boats have
been built since then and will be ready to
accommodate visitors on the night of the
water parade* Four extra barges have
been ordered for the singers and bands
that will take part in the water carnival.
All along the line of the parade on the
water? of the lake and channel the chor
uses of male singers will render the songa
they are now rehearsing. There will be
fully fifty bands here on Admission day to
take part in the parade, and all of these
will take position in the procession on the
water and lend their efforts to make the
affair the great success it now promises
to be.
It was suggested to-night that as Stock
ton had been advertised far and wide as
the coming railroad center on account of
being the terminal of the Valley road and
also of the road that connects this city
with the coal mine at Corral Hollow,
it would be well to see that both of these
roads, and more especially the Valley
road, assist in keeping up this idea by hav
ing a number of engines and trains on
hand during the celebration. It was sug
gested that as* the Valley road is to be so
great a factor in the future progress of
Stockton it have eight or more of its
locomotives steamed up and in running
order while che Natives are here, in order
that they may have some ocular demon
stration of the work done thus far'by the
Vallpy road officials. A committee con
sisting of Gus G. Grant, M. D. Eaton and
E. C. Wagner was appointed to see that
the representatives of both roads were in
terviewed on this subject.
The question of providing food for the
thousands who will be here was also dis
cussed. The committee on accommoda
tions reported that the churches of Stock
ton had promised to assist in feeding the
crowd of natives who will come here for
the festivities. The Central Methodist
Church has agreed to feed 500 visiting na
tives ior one day, the First Baptist Church
will provide for 100, the Congregational
church for 200, and St. John's Episcopal
Church 200 — making a thousand in all who
will be fed gratis by the churches.
To-morrow Gus G. Grant of the carni
val committee and Secretary Willy of the
general committee will visit San Fran
cisco for the purpose of conferring with
the general committee in San Francisco.
EMPLOYES ARE DETERMINED.
Unless Grievances Are Adjusted the Adams
Express Strike Will Extend Through
out the Country.
NEW YORK; N. V., Aug. 21.— A com
mittee representing the striking em
ployes of the 'Adams Express Company
has issued a statement regarding their
difficulties with the company. In it they
say the men are not striking for more
wages or less hours, but for a recognition
of their order, and to stop the indiscrimi
nate discharge of the employes of the
company without apparent reason. The
company, the statement goes on to say,
previous to the strike, discharged old
hand* as soon as the new ones were made
familiar with the work, paying them $50
per month, or $25 less than the amount
paid the old hands. The statement fur
ther says the president of the company
will again be requested by the strikers to
make tbe concession asked for, and if he
refuses, a general strike of Adams Ex
press employes throughout the country
will be ordered.
LOSS OF A. WOODEN SHIP.
The Governor Goodwin Goes Athore on
Princva Island.
BATA VIA, Java, Aug. 21.— The Ameri
can ship Governor Goodwin, Captain
Oakes, from New York April 29 for Chefoo,
is ashore on Princes Island, and is a total
wreck. The crew were all saved. The
Governor Goodwin was a wooden ship of
1459 tons, built in Boston, Mass., in 1877,
and owned by Foster & Pray oi Boston.
Eelip.ie of the Sun.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 21.— Norman
Lockyer, the well-known astronomer and
editor of Nature, has written a letter to
the Times, in which he says the most ex
cellent observations of the recent total
eclipse of the sun we re obtained by Mr.
Shackelton. an astronomer who was con
veyed on Sir General Baden-Powell's
yacht, the Otaria, to Nova Zernbla. He
obtained a number of photographs whica
will go far to neutralize the failure of the
astronomical expeditions to Norway and
Japan.
Fatal Error of Judgment.
LONDON, Esq., Aug. 21.— The Field, in
its issue to-morrow will criticize what it
terms the hurried and inadequate inquest
into the death of Baron yon Zedwitz,
owner of the yacht Isolde, who was killed
on Tuesday "in a collision between that
boat and the German Emperor's yacht,
the Meteor. The paper ascribes the dis
aster to an error of judgment on the part
of those handling the Meteor.
ONE CAMPAIGN
YARN REFUTED,
McKinley 's Strength in Ohio
Can No Longer Be
Doubted.
LIES TOLD IN A LETTER
Membership in a Silver Club at
Canton Is Peculiarly
Magnified.
FALSE REPORTS SCATTERED.
But Facts and Figures Show the
Popularity of the Repub lean
Standard-Bearer.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 21.— A dispatch
is being widely circulated in the Western,
Central and Southern States which con
tains an alleged letter from Canton, pur
porting to have been written in answer to
soru one who asks if it is true that Can.
ton Democrats have formed a large Bryan
silver club which contains many Repub
lican members. The letter in question
says:
•'lt is true we have in Canton a central
silver club with a membership of over
600, and three ward siiver clubs with a
large membership, blit just what it is I
am unable to say; and also in tne other
wards there will be organized silver
clubs. The central club has just been or
ganized ; it has an eminent Republican
for president and four vice-presidents, one
a Democrat, one a Republican, one a Pop
ulist and one a Prohibitionist, and the
club includes a large element of Repub
licans. Unless the tide turns McKinley
will not carry his ward, nor his city, nor
his Congressional district, and even there
is great probability of McKinley losing
the State."
This letter, which has been given wide
currency, has caused more than 200 letters
to be sent to the Republican committee
here, asking if the statements made in it
are tru9. Some of these letters have come
to Major McKinley. To-night one of the
leading Republicans of the county, Hon.
Hiram Doll, made a statement which is
officially approved and indorsed Dy the
chairman of the Republican County Com
mittee. Mr. Doll says:
"The silver club in Canton is composed
Continued on Second fage.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SHE WENT DOWN
IN A HURRICANE.
The American Ship Willie
Rosenfeld Founders
at Sea.
FOURTEEN MEN MISSING
They Escaped in Two Boats, but
Have Not Been Heard
From Since.
THE HULL AND CARGO INSURED
Captain Dunphy Was Probably on His
Way Back to Rio When the
Ship Went Down.
Another marine disaster has to be re
corded. The American ship Willie Rosen*
feld foundered at sea some time this
month and fourteen of her crew are miss*
ing. The following telegrams announced
the news in this City:
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 21.— The American
ship Willie Rosenfeld, from Mew York for Saa
Francisco, is reported as having foundered 400
miles off Santa Catharina. Fourteen people
are missing.
LONDON, E.vo., Aug. 21.— A cablegram from
Santa Catbarina says that the American ship
Willie Rosenfeld, from New York for San Fran*
Cisco, foundered 400 miles off the coast. Part
of the crew was saved and landed. Two boats,
containing fourteen persons, are missing.
The first news of the loss of the ship
was received here by Williams, Dimond <fc
Co., to whom the vessel was consigned.
They received the information from Dear*
born £ Co. of New York*, and at once no
tified the underwriters. The loss on ves
sel and cargo will probably amount to
$750,000, and the insurance is in the neigh
borhood of $500,000. The Willie Rosenfeid
was a home ship, and nearly all the risks
on her were held in San Francisco. This
makes the fifth Al vessel that insurance
has been paid on within the past five
weeks. The City of Philadelphia was lost
when rounding the Horn; the Colombia
went ashore at Pigeon Point and the St.
Paul at Point Pinos; a British ship with a
cargo for San Francisco is posted at Lloyds
as missing, and now comes the foundering
of the Willie Rosenfeld. In the short
space of time mentioned the insurancs
companies must have lost over a million
and a half.
The Willie Rosenfeld was well known in
San Francisco. She was named after the
youngest son of John Rosenfeld, but the
young man died before the vessel was
launched. Captain William H. Dunphy,
who was in command of her, is the father
in-law of Henry Rosenfeld, and during
her eleven years of Jife the vessel has al
most always traded between New York
and San Francisco, She left here last
year and made a quick run to New York,
but there was considerable delay in get
ting away again, as the sailors had the
captain and officers arrested for cruelty on
the high seas. Dunphy was exonerated,
but the mates were held to answer.
This delayed the sailing, and it was not
until April 23 last that the vessel got
away. John Rosenfeld was at that time
in New York, and he went all over the
ship. He reports that she was well found
and as sound as the day she was launched.
The opinion of seafaring men is that the
Rosenfeld made a fast run to the Horn and
there was caught in a hurricane, rier
sails were blown from the bolt ropes, top
masts went by the board, the bowsprit
snapped off short and the hull began to
leak. Finding that the water was gaining
in the hold Captain Dunphy probably put
about and ran back for Rio de Janeiro.
Another storm must have caught tha ill
fated ship and, her seams opening up, she
went down stern first.
"Captain Dunphy must have been on
his way back to Rio," said Captain James
F. Chapman yesterday. "If he had been
making for the Horn he would have been
much closer inshore, but if he was run
ning for a port in which to repair he was
on his course when the vessel foundered.
Judging from the meager details she was
in latitude 37.30 south, longitude 48.30
west, an 1 would therefore be between
Montevideo and Rio de Janeiro. At the
former place there is not good anchorage
for a vessel the size of the Rosenfeld, and
at the latter there are facilities for repairs
of all kind. Of course no one can tell
how the thing happened, but when full
particulars arrive I think you will find
that the Willie Rosenfeld was on her way
to Rio in distress."
This is not the first occasion on which
the ship in question was in distress. She
left here on December 25, 1894, and very
nearly foundered off the Horn. On .that
occasion she lost nearly a suit of sails and
the vessel was practically a wreck. Two
of the crew were killed and eight were in
jured while attemptine to clear away the
wreckage. Captain Dunphy had his leg
broken and the first mate was injured.
On that occasion she nearly went down
stern first, and the accompanying cut is
reproduced from a sketch made by one of
the sailors. Twice was the Willie Rosen
feld in jeopardy at the Horn and on both
occasions she settled aft. The third time
was fatal and she went down stern first.
The Willie Rosenfeld was built in Bath,
Me., in 1885, and was one of the stoutest
ships ever turned out by Arthur Sewall <fc
Co. She was 2455 tons gross burden, 268
feet 5 inches long, 44 feet 8 inches broad
and 19 feet 1 inch deep. Captain Dunphy
had been in command of her from the
time she went into commission.
As to the missing members of the crew
no one seems to know anything. The
supposition is that Captain Dunphy and
tourteen or fifteen men have got ashore at
Santa Catbarina in a lifeboat, and that the
other boats with seven men in each made
a landing farther south. Very few of the
men were from San Francisco, as nearly
all who joined her here left her in New
YorK. The Rosenfeld was known as a
"bard ship," and sailors as a rule are hot
sorry that she is gone so long as they art
satisfied no lives were lost.2
LAWYERS FINISH
THEIR SESSION,
Men Who Will Serve as
Officers of the Bar
Asscciation.
WOOLWORTH PRESIDENT
Hasty Laws of the Land and Slip
shod Legislation Vigorously
Denounced.
LORD EtJSSELL SPEAKS AGAIN.
Tells of the Hi;h Esteem Held for H s
Professional Brothers in
America.
SARATOGA, IS. V., Aug. 21.— When tne
American Bar Association convened at
10:30 o'clock this morning on their con
cluding day's session, the first business
taken ud was the election of officers for the
ensuing year. The officers elected were as
follows: President, James M. Woolworth
of Omaha, Xebr. ; secretary, John Hinkley
of Baltimore; treasurer, Francis Rawle of
Philadelphia; executive committee — Al
fred Hemenway, Boston; Charles Clattin
Allen, St. Louis; William W. Howe, New
OrJeans.
A vice-president for every State in the
Union, and members composing the local
council in each State, were also elected.
The report of the executive committee
relative to the establishment of a section
on insurance, as proposed by Judge Howe
of New Orleans, which was passed over
yesterday, was taken up. It was lost by a
vote of 85 to 23.
General E. F. Bullard of N,ew York
moved the following:
Fesolved, That It be referred to the commit
tee on jurisprudence and law reform the ques
tion whether the law in regard to fellow
servants should not be so amended as to
further protect laboring men from the result
of negligence caused by persons untcnown to
them and over whom they have no control.
Carried by a vote of 81 to 27.
A resolution was adopted providing that
the committee on jurisprudence and law
reform be requested to report to the as
t-embJy the best method of preventing the
enactment of hasty and slipshod legisla
tion in general and has laws.
Emil McClain of lowa City moved "that
the American Bar Association approve
the lengthening of a course of instruction
in law schools to a period of three years,
and that it express the hope that as soon
as practicable a rule be adopted in each
State whicn will require candidates for
admission to the bar to study law for three
years before applying for examination."
This was adopted without debate.
Invitations were received from Saratoga,
Indianopolis and Denver for the associa
tion to meet in 1897. Referred to the
executive committee.
The association finished its labors at
11 :45 o'clock and adjourned sine die.
At 3:30 o'clock this afternoon the clos
ing session on the section of legal educa
tion was held, Emil McClain of lowa pre
siding. Austin G. Fox of New York read
v paper on "Two Years' Experience of
the New York State Board of Law Ex
aminers."
J. W. Powell of Washington presented
a paper on "Study of Primitive Institu
tions."
At the conclusion of the papers and
during the discussion which followed Lord
Russell, who occupied a seat on the plat
form, arose, and after referring to the
paper of Major Powell, said with reference
to the paper of Mr. Fox of New York:
"I, perhaps, am better able to offer some
observations upon the paper of my friend,
Air. Fox. I think it cannot be donbted
that as justice and its administration are
among the prime needs and business of
life so is it important that those charged
with the administration of the law, which
is devoted to doing justice, should come
to tne important duties that they have to
discharge adequately equipped for the
purpose. As you are aware there exists in
Great Britain a distinction which does not
exist here. Each member of the bar is, I
think, properly de3crit>ed in this country
as counselor and attorney. In Great Brit
ain there is the most marked line of dis
tinction drawn. The attorney is not a mem
ber of the bar; a member of the bar is not
an attorney, and the great feature of dis
tinction is this, that the attorney is
the person who sees the client,
who in the first instance advises the client,
who prepares the statements of facts and
arranges for the evidence necessary to
support the facts which are to establish a
particular right, or which affords an an
swer to the adverse assertion of some
right.
"I would like, before 1 sit down, to be
allowed to express the admiration I feel,
not for the constitution of this congress of
United States lawyers, but for the scheme
of its operation and the wise purpose to
which ft devotes its efforts. Its work is
not new to me. I have had the pleasure
of seeing now for some years tne record of
its proceedings, ana it is to me as it was
on hearing the admirable presidential ad
dress which was delivered on Wednesday
in # the highest degree refreshing
to hod that the profession of the law in
this country is so earnestly alive to the re
sponsibilities of its position, ie so keen to
observe, to weigh, to judge, discriminate,
to test the current of judgment and of
legislation, and above all it keeps before
Useif steadfastly and unceasingly a high
Ideal, not merely of what ought to be the
mental equipments ana the acquirement
in learning, but the high moral character
of the profession to which they belong."
Lord Russell and party sat for their
pnotographs at the United States Hotel
to-day. Afterward they were photo
graphed at the studio of a prominent
firm.
CLOSED; HIM ' A. BAXQVET.
Chauncey 31. Depew Presides ■ and , Witty
,V-"..-  Speech Are Made. .':■'■'■
S A.RATOGA, N. V., Aug. 21.— The social
side of the annual conference of the
American Bar Association found a most
auspicious close in the nineteenth annual
banquet held this evening in the ballroom
of the Grand Union Hotel, and which was
attended by 260 members of the legal fra
ternity. From 7 until 8 o'clock a recep
tion was held in the reception-room of the
hotel where Lord Russell of Killoween,
i-ord Chief Justice of England; Sir Frank
Lockwood and Montague Crackanthorpe
»•'•« th« a-uests of the evening. At 8
o'clock Lord Russell and Chauncey M.
Depew, under the leadership of Francis
Rawley of Philadelphia, treasurer of the
Bar Association, proceeded to the ball
room of the hotel, where the banquet was
served. At the guests' table were seated
Chaunney M. Depew, who presided. At
his right sat Lord Russell, and at his left
United States Supreme Court Judge Rufus
Peckham and President of the Bar Asso
ciation, James M. Woolworth of Omaha.
At the close of the dinner Mr. Depew in
in a few well-chosen words introduced
Lord Russell as the guest of the evening
and his Lordship in a brief address proved
that he was equally as well at home as an
after-dinner speaker as on the bench.
The toast "The Bar Association" was
responded to by President James W.
Woolworth of Omaha) in an able manner.
Sir Frank Lockwood" of England, the peer
of after-dinner speakers of that country,
was next introduced and in an address
which abounded with humor and wit
captivated his guests. His toast was con
fined to the English bar and most ably did
the distinguished jurist respond for it.
Morefield Storey of Boston then spoke as
the retiring president. To James Beck of
Philadelphia was accorded the honor of
speaking for the junior bar. The last
speaker of the evening was Bourke
Cockran.
CAMPAIGN YARD REFUTED
[Continued from First Page.\
of Populists and Democrats, and the lead
ing Democrats of the city are not in it.
The ex-Republican mentioned as presi
dent, Colonel Holloway, was one of the
most enthusiastic McKinley men in the
city, and during the greatest jollification
meetings here after the St. Louis conven
tion, rode at the head of each procession
escorting the various delegations to Gov
ernor McKinley' s. He was an aspirant
for chief marshal of the Escort Club, but
faiied of election. Immediately after that
he turned over to the opposition.
•'The Silver Club at its organization was
only claimed to have a membership of 200
to 250 upon the statements of its officials
to the press associations. When it is re
membered that Stark County has a popu
lation of nearly 100,000 and this city nearJy
40,000, the magnitude of the club does not
appear very great, comparatively speak
ing. A sound-money, non-partisan rail
road club In this city, composed largely of
Democrats as well as Republicans, signed
300 members the night of organization.
The same night the McKinley Marching
Club was organized with 1000 members.
A poll of the precinct that Major McKin
ley has lived in since his return from
Columbuß.which has always been a Demo
cratic precinct, out of 340 voters polled,
shows McKinley 190, Bryan 150, a Repub
lican gain over tha combined Bryan vote,
including Populists and Democrats, of
seventy-four in a single precinct. Tne
precinct in which Major McKinley lived
before be went to Columbus is 2 to 1 for
McKinley."
Major McKinley looked over some of the
revised sheets of his letter of acceptance
to-day and spent several hours in work
upon speeches which he is to make Satur
day ana Monday.
AT REPUBLICAN HEADQUARTERS
Hubbard Reports the Silver lide Re-
ceding in Minnesota.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 21.— 1t was a
quiet day at National headquarters so far
as it related to news for tne public and
distinguished visitors. National Com
mitteeman Hubbard came in from his
State (Minnesota) and reported the silver
tide receding before the avalanche of gold
literature and the argument of abie
speakers.
The colored Republican headquarters
was opened for business to-aay. Profes
sor R. C. Greener, ex-secretary of the
Grant Memorial Association, is one of the
officials in charge. Their quarters are on
the thirteenth floor of the Auditorium
building, and Professor Greener smilingly
remarked to-day, by way of explanation of
the altitudious offices, that importunate
colored gentlemen had been so numerous
outside of Mr. Hanna's office when the
chairman came to town the location of the
bureau would draw them away ana break
their fall.
The wheelmen's organization ha 3 also
been moved to the floor with the unlucky
number, alongside the colored workers in
the cause, and their isolation was variously
commented on.
The Railway Age continues to report
the daily organization of railwaymen's
sound-money clubs throughout the South
and West with large memberships.
Senator Burrows was assigned to-day to
speak "in St. Louis September 7 ' and in
Kansas City the next day.
• —
WIZZ VISIT MAJOR McKINLEY
Arrangements Bring Made by the Na
tional Republican League.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 21.— The National
Republican League will visit Major Mc-
Kinly at his home a week from to-day,
after the Milwaukee convention. Ar
rangements have been made with the
Pennsylvania road for a special train,
which will leave Chicago Thursday even
ing and return from Canton Saturday
morning. The wives of members are in
vited to join the party, which is expected
to number at least 1000 men.
The Maine Campaign and the New York
State convention next week have operated
to deprive the Milwaukee convention of
the league of some big guns in the speak
ing line, among them Thomas B. Reed,
Senator Thurston, Chauncey M. Dspew,
Governor Hastings, General Poweh Clay
ton and Major Warner of Missouri. Sen
ators Sherman and Cushman K. Davis
have also sent their regrets. On this ac
count the proposed banquet has been can
celed.
OPPOSE AZJGELD'S NULE.
Illinois Straight-Out Populists to Fight
Against Fusion.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 21.— The middle
of-the-road Populists in Illinois, headed
by the Burns faction in Cook County,
which was ignored ' in the recent State
Populist Convention, are organizing and
arranging for another State convention to
nominate a State ticket opposed to fusion
and put up Presidential electors who will
stick for Bryan and Watson only. It is
said that twenty-eight counties have pro
tested against the Altgeld fusion scheme
of the regular State Convention, and that
only two of these counties were repre
sented in the convention, one of which
boited.
Bitter Congressional Struggle.
LOUISVILLE. Xt m Aug. 21.— The con
test for the Republican nomination for
Congress in the Eleventh District has as
sumed a serious shape. The primary was
held Saturday a week ago, and bonh ex-
Congressman John D. White ana Con
gressmaa D. Colson claim the victory.
Both sides are gathering their forces at
Williamsburp, where the committee meets
to-morrow. It is said that while he has
papers ready to enjoin Chairman Hill
from issuing a certificate should Colson be
counted in some fear that bloodshed may
follow the committee's decision, as both
sides are thoroughly worked up.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
BRYAN TO MAKE
A LONG SPEECH,
Will Open the Campaign in
Earnest at Tivoli
Town.
IT IS WELL ADVERTISED
So a Big Crowd Is Expected
to Turn Out at the
Meeting.
GOING TO WINNISOOK LODGE.
Senator Hill Said to Have Some Con
nection With the Visit to M jor
Hinkley.
UPPER RED HOOK, N. V., Aug. 21.—
The Bryan and Sewall campaign will be
opened in earnest to-morrow at Tivoli,
this county, by Mr. Bryan. With the ex
ception of his Madison-square address,
the speech he will deliver, it is said, will
be the most important of his utterances
since his nomination. For tbe first time
he will deal directly with the issues of the
campaign. The meeting has been largely
advertised and a big crowd is expected.
Mr. Bryan's visit to Major James W.
Hinkley, chairman of the New York State
Democratic Committee, will be made on
Monday. As to the import 01 the meeting
between Major Hinkley and himself Mr.
Bryan is uncommunicative.
It is likely that Mr. Bryan will spend
Monday night at Winnisook Lodge in the
Catskills, where Major Hinkley is sum
mering, and tbe two will have every op
portunity to discuss the situation in
detail. Major Hinkley, wbiie one of the
gold leaders at the Chicago convention,
has been non-committal since Bryan's
nomination, and his invitation to tbe can
didate is looked on as positive proof that
he will support the ticket. The signifi
cant part of Mr. Bryan's visit to Winni
sook Lodge lies in the belief that Major
Hinkley is acting for Senator Hill, and
tbe claim is made that it foreshadows the
Senator's action at the Buffalo conven
tion.
A rumor was brought here to-day that
Senator Hill would attend the Bryan
meeting in Albany Tuesday night, where
the candidate will make a speech, but it
could not be confirmed through Mr. Bryan
or any other source.
A fishing fever took possession of Mr.
Bryan again to-day. With Mr. and Mrs.
Perrine, their daughter and some friends,
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan drove out to Spring
Lake, a couple of miles from Upper Red
Hook, to try their luck with the rod. Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan rowed off to a secluded
part of the lake, and while Mrs. Bryan
fished, her husband produced paper and
pencil and devoted himself to writing.
Neither he nor Mrs. Bryan would say what
he was composing, but everybody knew it
was his letter of acceptance.
The party reached Upper Red Hook at
dark, tired and Hungry. Mr. Bryan found
Congressman William Sulzer from New
York awaiting him. With Mr. Sulzer was
Professor Van Burr Dinslow, who formerly
occupied tbe chair of political economy at
Chicago University, and is now a writer
on economics generally. Mr. Sulzer and
Professor Dinslow spent an hour at Mr.
Perrine's house with Mr. Bryan.
WAST BRYAN TO TALK.
Chairman Jones Receives Applications
for a J.oan of the Orator,
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 21. — Chairman
Jones of the Democratic National Com
mittee was busy all day to-day receiving
visitors from outside Chicago, most of
whom wanted to get Mr. Bryan to speak
in their States, and home talent was fre
quently offered in exchange, but the Sen
ator would make no definite promises or
fix dates until the nominee arrives in
Chicago September 4. Charles A. Walsh,
secretary of the National Committee, was
in Ottumwa, lowa, to-day, but he wired
Committeeman Johnson that he would be
in Chicago to-morrow.
Senator Jones said Major Towles would
probably be appointed chairman of
the campaign committee. He also an
nounced that Messrs. Campau, Johnson,
Gahan, Walsh and nimsetf would manage
tbe campaign from Chicago headquarters,
and Messr?. McLean, Howell and Smalley
from the Washington headquarters.
Dan McConville of Ohio, who will have
charee of the speaker's bureau, will arrive
to-morrow to begin worK. Mr. Campau
returned to*night to his Michigan home,
as his presence is required at tbe State
convention in Bay City next Tuesday.
After that event he will return
to headquarters to remain until the
votes have decided the battle. He said the
people of Michigan were waiting for the
promised letter of Mr. Pingree on the
money question.
"SILVER DICK" ON DECK,
Given a Big Reception During a Visit to
Maryland.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 21.— "Silver
Dick" Bland was given a big reception at
Laurel this evening, and the meeting
which he subsequently addressed was the
largest in numbers held there in recent
years. Mr. and Mrs. Bland arrived from
Washington at 5 o'clock as the guests of
Ernest P. Baldwin, Auditor of the Treas
ury. A public reception followed a din
ner, and afterward a torchlight procession
was formed and marched through the
streets of Laurel to Laurel Grove, where a
great crowd had preceded the marchers.
President Baldwin of the Laurel Demo
cratic Club called the meetine to order,
and Mayor Phelps introduced Mr. Bland.
He discussed unlimited coinage, eulogized
Messrs. Bryan and Bewail and the Chi
cago platform, and admonished his hear
ers to beware of goldbue influence.
AIXJBTI COUNTIES REPRESENTED.
Illinois to Send Zarge Delegations to the
State Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 21.— Reports re
ceived at Illinois gold Democratic head
quarters from the counties of the State
indicate, according to the statement made
to-day by Secretary Spangler, that ninety
counties of the 102 3re sure of being repre
sented at the State convention here next
Tuesday, and conventions in the other
counties have been called to Choose dele
gates. Mr. Spangler estimates the num
ber of delegates who will be in the con
vention at 1000.
Comptroller Eckels telegraphed from
Ottumwa that tbe county convention held
there to-day was a great success, and there
would be a complete delegation to the
convention.
Ex-National Committeeman Cable tele
graphed that he would head the Kock
Ibland County delegation to-day, thus
disproving the reports that he bad backed
out of tne movement.
FLOWER SCORES BRYAN.
■Inconsistencies in the JS'eto Xorh Speech
forcibly Pointed Out.
WATERTOWN, N. V., Aug. 21.— Ex-
Governor Flower was elected president of
the Sound Money Democratic Club at its
meeting to-night. The organization has
over 150 members. In his speech of ac
ceptance Governor Flower discussed a
point in Mr. Bryan's recent deliverance
which has not been touched upon by
others. He said :
"I want to cail your attention to a part
of Mr. Bryan's recent speech in New York
in which he unconsciously discloses his
character. To allay apprehensions of the
debtor that free-silver legislation might
not be enacted before the creditor could
call in his loan or foreclose his mortgage,
Mr. Bryan says: 'If in November the
people declare themselves in favor of the
immediate restoration of bimetallism, the
system can be inaugurated within a few
mouths.' This, he says, fan be done by
virtue of the President's power to conveno
Congress in extraordinary session. The
debt-payer said: 'How shall I be able to
pay my debts at the rate of 53 cents on the
dollar, since it will take thirteen months
at least to enact the necessary legislation,
and in that time my creditor will have
been able to cail in my loan or foreclose
his mortgage?'
"Mr. Bryan reassures him and next ap
peals to his dishonesty by saying: 'Just
as soon as I am President I will rush the
system through before the creditor has a
chance to call in his loan or foreclose his
mortgage.' Why this hurry, Mr. Bryan?
Obviously you believe in the debasement
of the dollar which will allow the dis
honest debtor to repudiate his debts, And
how does Mr. Bryan reconcile this with
the assertion in a prior part of his speech
that free coinage will raise the
price of silver bullion to $1 29
per ounce, measured by gold? He
cannot reconcile tbe two statements, be
cause if the former is true then there would
be no need for hurrying, because the
debtor would not be benefited if silver goes
to a par with gold. But that Mr. Bryan
knows that nis previous assertion is false
and that silver will not advance is shown
by his latter assurance that the system
will be inaugurated before the creditor has
a chance to collect what is owing to him.
I should think this man would fear to ex
pose himself to a people whose honor he
so grossly insults by offering them a bribe
of 47 cents on each dollar of their indebt
edness."
ADDRESSED BY BINUM.
Gold Standard Democrats Rally in
Force at Peoria.
PEORIA, 111., Aug.2L— The gold-stand
ard Democrats of Peoria met this evening
in one ot tbe largest and most enthusiastic
gatherings ever held in this city. Ex-
Congressman Bynuru of Indiana was the
speaker of the evening and he delivered a
strong argument in advocacy of gold as
the basis of tbe country's financial sys
tem.
At the conclusion of his speech resolu
tions were adopted condemning the action
of tbe Chicago convention on the money
question; approving the action of leading
Democrats in calling another convention
to place another ticket in the field; de
claring the success of the Chicago nomi
nees would sound the death-knell of the
Democratic party; denouncing the refusal
to commend the administration of Presi
dent Cleveland and the attack on civil
service and the Federal judiciary, and de
claring for a sound and stable currency.
Delegates were then chosen to attend
the State convention at Chicago and tbe
meeting adjourned. Several other speak
ers booked to make addresses failed to ap
pear.
Many Zetters for Bryan.
LINCOLN, Nebb., Aug. 21.— When Mr.
Bryan returns home he will find a stacK
of letters several feet high awaiting him.
Private Secretary Schwind % is disposing of
these missives, which come from every
part of the globe, as fast as they arrive.
Many of them are from reputable business
men, bankers and lawyers, but a good
share are of the cranky variety, offering
absurq* suggestions as to the management
of the campaign. Not a few of the letters
naively suggest that when the victory is
won the writer wishes the nominee to re
member that he is a candidate for such
and such an office.
Bryan's Silver Notification,
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 21.— Hon.
Georee E. Groot, chairman of the silver
notification committee, has sent out the
following notice:
The notification committee appointed by the
Silver Convention, which assembled at St.
Louia, Mo., on July 22, 1896, to notify Hon.
■\V. J. Bryan of bis nomination by that con
vention as the candidate of the Silver party
for the office of President of the United States
will meet at Lincoln, Nebr., for the purpose of
notifying him on that date of the action of
the convention. Mr. Sewall will be there on
that date to receive notice of his nomination
as the candidate of tne Silver party for Vice-
President.
Federal Officials to Attend.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ikd., Aug. 21.—Comp
troller Eckels to-day engaged quarters at
the Bates House and will attend the Na
tional Democratic Convention. Secretary
Carlisle is expected to attend, as is also
Secretary Morton, but neither has as yet
given any indication as to whether he will
be here.
Mississippi dominations.
MEMPHIS, Tekn., Aug. 21.— 1n the
First Congressional District of Mississippi
Congressman John M. Allen was nomina
ted by the Democrats as his own successor,
and in the Second District W. V. Sullivan
of Oxford was nominated by a convention
to-day to succeed J. C. Kyle.
Brown for Governor.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Aug. 21.—TheFree
siiver Democratic Congressional Conven
tion this afternoon declared ex-Governor
John Young Brown of this city the party's
nominee for Congressman from the Fifth
District.
MILLION ARES ACCUSED.
Breach of Trust of National Cordage
Company Directors.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 21.-Edward
F. G. Young, as receiver for the Nationa'
Cordage Company, began suit in the
United States Circuit Court to-day against
James M. Waterbury, Caleb P. Marsh,
Chauncey Marshall, Frank T. Wall, Elisha
M. Fulton and Willard P. Whitlock, al
leging a breach of trust and misconduct
upon the part of the defendants as officers
and directors of the company. It is
prayed that they be made to account for
the management of its affairs.
Heeds of a Crazed Saloon- Keeper.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. 2L-Fred
Graef, a saloon-keeper at 1582 Central ave
nue, in a fit of Insanity to-day shot his
wife and theu fired a bullet into his own
brain. The woman is in a critical condi
tion.
CLEVELAND FAVORS
A THIRD TICKET,
General Palmer His Choice
for the Presidential
Nominee.
PBEFERENCE TOO LATE.
Eckels Also Mentioned, but His
Callow Youth Appearance
Shuts Him Out.
BOtJRKE COCERAN INELIGIBLE.
Silver Democratic Leaders Make Pe*
culiar Admissions Regarding
the S-ntiment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 2L-Sena
tor Bacon of Georgia, having just returned
from an extended trip through the West,
visited the headquarters of the Democratic
Congressional Committee this morning
and reported to his fellow Democrats that
the tide of the silver sentiment on the Pa
cific Coast did not appear to recede. Sen
ator Bacon's opinions were eiven before a
company of press correspondents, and it
was easy enough to perceive that, despite
his professions of confidence that "the
coast is all right," he was apprehensive
that all was not well.
"The great danger," said he, "is that
Republicans, by their liberal use of cam
paign funds, may be able to accomplish a
widespread and generous distribution of
literature bearing on the money question.
A great many people on the silver side of
this controversy ara not very well in
formed."
This very frank admission of the ig
norance of free-silver Democrats was re
freshing. Senator Bacon's statement can
only be construed as an admission of fear
that when the masses are educated by
means of the sound-money literature now
being sent into every voting precinct of
the country they may cast their votes for
the Republican ticket.
Senator Bacon declares that a great pro
portion of the masses are free silver men
"by instinct" and not always able to put
tip an argument in support of their politi
cal affiliations. Mr. Bacon said he had
seen "clumps" of men, in the streets, hotel
lobbies and other public places, wherever
he went, all deeply absorbed in the dis
cussion of the money question. Bacon
further said:
"Now, sometimes a pretty good silver
man will undertake to argue his case,
when, by reason of not being supplied
with literature, he is not able to sustain
his siae of the argument as well as some
fellow on the other side who has been
supplied with ammunition by Republican
document agencies and newspapers. The
latter is likely to make the best impression
on the street-corner audience. It is very
apparent to me that Republicans, through
their abundant campaign funds, will be
able to accomplish a vast deal of good in
the gold money cause by the dissemina
tion of gold money literature."
The convention of the sound-money
Democrats, or "Mr. Bynum's convention"
as it is familiarly known, to be held at
Indianapolis on September 2, is beginning
to attract some attention in Washington.
Senator Palmer's interview, telegraphed
from Springfield, expressing belief that
the convention would not put a new ticket
in the field, hut wouid adjourn after
adopting a platform, excited a good deal
of comment to-day and created surprise,
for it has been the general understanding
that a third ticket would be nominated,
with the probability that General Palmer
would be the Presidential nominee. The
interview is calculated to discourage ad
vocates of a thfrd ticket, especially those
who have been advising the nomination
of Palmer. It is suspected by some shrewd
polititians, however, that General Palmer,
in order to avoid the accusation of selfish
interest in the bolt of gold men, is playing
the part of a coy maiden who must be
persuaded.
Singularly enough, and notwithstand
ing the general impression that the In
dianapolis convention would seek to nom
inate a Western man for President, the
name of Bourke Cockran has been con
jured with since his great speech at
Madison-square Garden. But this talk
was only indulged in by the street-corner
politicians, who did not appear to know
that Bourke is an alien. He was born in
Ireland and is therefore ineligible.
One of the amusing suggestions is Eckels,
the Comptroller, for the third party nomi
nation. He hails from the right geographi
cal section of the country — Illinois — and is
one of President Cleveland's favorite little
sons. Eckels has a glib sound-money
tongue and is regarded as a wonderful
stump speaker. It would, indeed, be a
strange spectacle— that of two boy orators
running for the Presidency. This sugges
tion of Eckels' nomination is, of course,
not to be taken seriously. Though un
doubtedly a young man of splendid char
acter and ability, his physical appearance,
if nothing else, would preclude his nomi
nation. He looks like a callow youth of 20.
A close friend of Mr. Cleveland said to
The Call correspondent to-night that the
President favored the nomination of a
third ticket and that he preferred General
Palmer of Illinois as the nominee.
RAILROADS REDUCING FORCES.
Men in the Freight-Handling Departments
Laid Off Because of Dull
Business.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Aug. 21,-The Her
ald says :
Following closely upon the action of the
Pennsylvania Railroad in making reduc
tions in its fcrces, aa well as in the hours
of work, several of the other big railroads
leading out of New York have issued no
tices to mate retrenchments. This action
is chiefly due to the falling off in freight
brought about by the uncertainties of the
business situation. Officials say that ship
pers appear to be limiting themselves to
the necessities of the next three months,
and are apparently awaiting the outcome
of the election.
The New York Central, while not laying
off men to so great an extent as the Penn
ey lvania, nas dispensed with many men
in the freight-train service as well as some
of the handlers in the principal yards be
tween here and Buffalo. A large number
of the freight trains are made up only as
they are wanted, and hence there are nat
urally many idle crews when the freight
movement slackens much, as is the case at
present. Tiie chief engineer's force, both
in the office and in the field, has been re
duced 20 to 25 per cent.
Third Vice-president Webb denied yes
terday that there would be any general
reduction in forces. "There is no inten
tion," he said, "of making retrenchments
apply to all departments. Strict economy
has been practiced for some time in every
department, but the present reductions
apDly mainly to the fr,eighj-train service,
where men are employed only as they are
needed to handle the traffic. * When busi
ness is light, as is the case at the present
time, some of the men are laid off."
Vice-President Mellen of the New York,
;«ew Haven and Hartford Railroad issued
an order to make all possible retrench
ments in every branch of the operating
department consistent with the efficient
handling of business. Scores of men are
thrown out of work. The reduction in
expenses was due to the falling off in
freight.
The New Jersey Central has reduced its
freight-train force slightly to conform to
the smaller volume of business, but it will
not make any general cut in other depart*
meats.
I (Second Vice-President Merrill of the
Erie said yesterday tiiat his company will
not make any so-called retrenchments,
after the fashion of some roads. The road
is always run as economically as possible,
regardless of whether business is dull or
flourishing.
• The same principle applies to the Dela
ware, Lackawanna and Western and West
Shore as to the Erie, and few discharges
are expected. Expenses on these roads
have been kept down to the lowest limit
since the panic of 1893.
All railroad officials who expressed an
opinion about the matter agreed that the
present financial agitation was wholly re
sponsible for the falling off in business.
HIS DESPERATE RESOLVE
A Young Man Drowns Himself
by Clinging to a Sub
merged Root.
The Comb n d Strength of Five Men
R quired to Loosen His Death
Grip.
DE FUNIAK, Fla., Aug. 21.-One of
the most tragic sucides on record in this
part of the country was that of Frederick
Higeinbotham, a young Englishman,
which took place last Wednesday after
noon.
Higginbotham was boating with a party
of friends on the Yellow Kiver. They had
stopped at a raft and, as the day was
warm, had gone in bathing. The party
was a lively one and Higcinbotham was
in high spirits. Suddenly, in the midst
of the fun, he sprang on the raft and turn
ing to his companions shouted: "Good
by, boys; I am going to hell!" Then he
dived into the water.
At first it was thought that he was in
fun and no attention was paid to him.
But when he did not come to the surface
tbe others peered down into the water and
saw him clinging to a root and
deliberately drowning himself. His
companions jumped into the water and
tried to loosen hi 3 hold, but in vain.
Then after some delay a rope was pro
cured, was fastened around his legs, and
an effort made to tear him free, but so
desperate was the grip that it took the
strength of five men to pull him up. He
was unconscious at that time, and
although a doctor was at once summoned,
it was found to be impossible to resusci
tate him.
Higginbotham was about 25 years of
age, but bad led a fa3t life. He was tbe
son of wealthy parents in England, and
had been sent to the United States several
years ago in the hope o: breaking up his
associations with evil characters. He re
ceived a handsome remittance from Lon
don every month. The attempt to reform
him had been vain. He had merely trans
ferred the scene of his dissipations from
one side of tbe Atlantic to the other: and
his tragio death was undoubtedly the re
salt of his excesses.
DACING BASK ROBBERT.
Zarge Sum of Money Taken in Broad
T> ay light,
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 21.— The
stockyards branch of tbe American Na
tional Bank, located on the second floor
of the Livestock Exchange, was robbed of
$3000 in cash this morning. Cashier Bos
well, in charge of the bank, secured $2000
from the main institution this morning
and going to the Exchange building placed
the money in a drawer under tbe counter,
as is his custom. Having a letter to de
liver on the floor below he went down
stairs, leaving the door of the banking
room open.
When he returned he found tbe money-*
drawer open, a jimmy having been used,
and tbe bills all taken. The marks of the
nails in the shoes of the thief were seen
where he jumped the counter in making
his escape. There were hundreds of men
on the floor below when the robbery oc
curred, but the hallways of the second
floor were practically deserted.
Moonshiners Captured,
BRISTOL, Term., Aug. 21.— A party
of twenty-six revenue officers, repre
senting all sections of Virginia, went to
Franklin County yesterday to break up
the most noted band of outlaws and
illicit distillers in that State. By artifice
they succeeded in capturing twelve of the
outlaws without bloodshed and destroy
ing several stills. Among the captured
were Calvin Moore, tbe Martin brothers
and tbe Atkins brothers, the leading
spirits of the gang.
While coming out of the mountains
the officers were fired on at different
points, and in one instance waged a tierce
fight on the would-be ambushers, driving
them back.
A« Loan Certificates,
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 2L-F. B.
Gallatin, secretary of the clearing-house,
denies positively that any steps have been'
taken loosing to an issue of loan certifi
cates, and sub-treasury officials are equally
positive in their assertions that Mr. Car
lisle was here to attend to a matter of a
personal nature.
fTiU Close the Works.
WALTHAM, Mass., Aug. 2L — The
O'Hara Waltham Dial Company has noti
fied its employes that after August 29 the
dial works will be closed indefinitely
pending the advent of better times. '
Keep
Tip, your appetite, assist digestion,
strengthen your nerves by making your
blood pure, rich and nourishing with 4 . C
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True ;■ Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1* ;
Hood'«? PiM« cure Liver Ills; cast- to
lIWU S lIIS ake,ea«y to opera te,2»0.!
TILLMAN TALKS
FOR FREE SILVER,
Makes an Address to the
Farmers at Mount
Gretna.
SCOLDS HIS OPPONENTS
Grover Cleveland Classed as a
Bag of Beef Afraid to Do
Anything.
BOURKE COCKRAN ANSWERED
The South Carolina Senator Runs
Rampant While on the Money
Question.
MOUNT GRETNA, Pa., Aug. 21.-Sena
tor Benjamin Tillman of South Carolina
made an address here to-day for free sil
ver to the farmers gathered around the
Mount Gretna Agricultural Fair. About
500 people, mostly farmers, made up Sena
tor Tillman's audience. The speaker was
given respectful attention and was fre
quently applauded. Senator Tillman said:
We are face to face with a crisis. We passed
through two or three other crises in our Gov
ernment. One was in 1832, when Jackson
throttled the same money devil. He took it
by the throat and stood there, a bulwark be
tween the masses and the classes. He vetoed
the United States bank act [applause], and
there was your Democrat; not like the bag of
beef now in the White House, whose only ve
toes have been that of the seigniorage bill for
the relief of the people and some tour pension
bills to get a lew dollars out of tne treasury.
To-day there is not an article which enters
into every-day consumption in any consider
able amount througn which tribute is not
levied on you by some corporation, or trust,
or monopoly; making the rich man richer and
the poor man poorer. We have laws on our
statute-books prohibiting combinations and
.monopolies and trusts, but Secretary Olney,
who was himself a corporation attorney, can
not find one to bring a lawsuit tinder, and his
predecessor under Harrison did not do any
better.
I have tbe greatest admiration and respect
for Mr. McKinley— that is, I have as much ad
miration for him as I can have lor any man
who is badly off, who is wrong, so benighted,
so lost in the wilderness of ignorance. Mc-
Kinley will not utter anything unless it has
been submitted to Hanna or to some other
boss. That's what they say aoout it, yet I may
be mistaken, but Isay circumstantial evidence
would indicate that Bryan speaks right out.
I believe Bryan is honest and true, and
being honest and true, he is not going to say
or do anything that is going to hurt him or
his case. We have these two men before us in
that public attitude. One is to-day before the
people, not too great a man to shako hands
even with a coal heaver, and the other is too
high, like Grover Cleveland, who surrounds
himself by detectives to protect himself from
assassination.
Senator Tillman then went into an elab
orate discussion and exposition of the
money question. He then proceeded to
answer the recent address by Bourke Cock
ran, which he pronounced to be an effort
to array the wage-workers against the
farmers. The Senator was very emphntic
that sectionalism did not enter into the
money question. He continued:
Will you submit to English domination?
We whipped England in 1776, we whipped
her in 1812, and we can whip her to-day with
one hand tied. Think whether you will again
have Pierpont Morgan and his gang of ghouls
In Wall street to govern and have dominion
over our President and Congress, or whether
you will free us and restore our majesty as
American free men. Tell your party to go to
the devil unless it is going to do what is right.
With this blunt ending the Senator con
cluded his speech and sat down. Con
gressman Turner of New York also made
a silver speech.
T sew TO- DAT.
PAYS M
■mKvFav
VMI ! Good Tea CAR
TUU Qood Coffee rUfl .
GET Qood Spices YOUR
nun DC Good Crockery uni'Ct/
MORE Qood^uality MONEY
BIG PRESENT FREE.
Profits Divided
wlth Customers who
1 COME DIRECT TO—
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Filimore st.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st. ■
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
.mi Montgomery mvn. 10^ Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
Oi San PaWo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
'" i3sS Park st., Alameda. _
PERMANENT ORBANIZATION
REPUBLICAN PARTY
TO-NIGHT, 8 O'CLOCK.
-niSTKICT CLUBS WILL MEET IN. THEIR
U respective Assembly Districts at halls hereto-
fore designated by temporary chairman.
CHAKLES ;8. LAUMKISTEH,
Chairman Joint Republican Fourtn and Fifth
Congressional District committees.
August 21, 1896. . .
m RUPTURE. 1
Bf If ruptured, too natnrally hope looblnln «'••'■
B# from pain; wcaritr from Strangulated Btniia and » JSJ
9B r <-rm»i»-ntciir<iU possible. Please inve.ug»ie ? r -M
Mm Pierce. Pat. Magnetic Elastic Trus.. D . -" "'.'SS
8a be mrprlied as what you will learn. ThuTru.. Igai
■If positively doe,a.«ork .ad U worth $1 AM to any^
W riiDtared man or womin. If .ma wnni the I ' Kh 'f fiaja
H Itcontaln. full information. W "?,f lr le 5 l t ]s" ™" MM S
If i,,, m nii nf trnssr« utodroWce aspecialtr. Adartnj I-Sga
f JIACNFTIO KI.ASTIf TRIPS CO.. No.7p4.VW fl
I cor. Saoraaieato b Kearny S«.. SaairancUco, Cal. £^|
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
- Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tbnto for ttil
'< ■ sexual and nrinarr orgaas of both ; sexes, and »
' exeat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and bla-l-
-i Ser A Breat Ke«torative, Invigoratorand Nervtna,^
■ Sells on . its own Meriis-uo loug-wiad** t«*tt< '
moniAls Decennary. * BKUNE, r Agents,'
>Ali*.K, aJLFS * BRU-SK, Agents,
833 Market tit.. Si. 1.-tciend tot circoUt)RIFLES SANG, BUT
NOT A DEATH SONG
Bloodless Battle on the
Hillsides Near Los
Gatos.
NO HORSE OR HERO FELL
Members of Company B of the
State Guard Engage in
Mimic War.
GRAND BAIL IN THE EVENING
Gallant Soldiers Dance the Night
Away After a Day on the
Field of Glory.
Camp City Gtjakd, )
Co. B, First Reg. Infantry, N. G. C.,V
Los Gatos, Cal., Aug. 2L J
About 1000 people visited the field of
■ham battle nere this morning. Spectators
perched on the tops of houses and sur
rounding hills, just as they did at the battle
of Bunker Hill, one day long years ago.
There was, however, no General Putnam
to leave his plow and come to the rescue
of his countrymen, but in the battle of
Los Gatos Captain Filmer did his best to
emulate the patriot of old.
The battle, though sham, was eearnestt t
and many a guardsman's heart leaped
with excitement as he paused at the first
discharge of guns. The boys went into
action with a dash and vim that promise
well for more serious ene.ieements. The
wounded and dead did i»ot strew the
ground as thick as autumn leaves in a
hardwood country. Both the dead and
the wonnded were quickly resuscitated
with a swig of water from a canteen and a
palm-leaf fan in the hands of Surgeon Mc-
Culloch.
The battle took place in a stubble-field
at the side of the San Jose road, on the
outskirts of Los Gatos. It afforded natural
advantages for a sham battle. There was
a broad, open, level stretch of ground, and
at the south end of the field rose a knoll of
considerable size. Beyond was a little
valley, and then the field rose toward the
mountains in a gentle slope, covered with
grapevines.
The company was divided into two
platoons, the reds and the blues. One
platoon lay on their shirtfronts in the
level field, while the other was prone in
the same position on the farther slop© of
the hill. Their hats and eyebrows could
be seen just over the summit, and their
long rifles, which belched flame 'and
smoke, were pointed over the brow of the
hill at the enemy.
A shrill whistle by Captain Filmer was
the signal for the battle to begin. The
object of tne engagement was to dislodge
tiie section th3t was supposed to be pick
ins off the men in the field. The larger
body of troops was that in the open. Their
work was admirable. They ran forward
in sections, dropped to their knees and
discharged their pieces at the hats peeping
over the top of the hill. Another squad
would be ordered forward, and while it
was running to a position about fifteen
yards in front the section that had jnst
fired would reload and, in turn, run for
ward and fire again. There were three of
such sections. Sometimes they advanced
together and, at command, fired simul
taneously.
Captain Filmer, First Lieutenant Stur
devant and Second Lieutenant Baumm
were much in evidence on the field, their
ewords glittering in the sun. Corporal
Kelly ano Corporal Taylor and Corporal
Sullivan and the entire company fought
nobly.
"Charge !" cried Captain Filmer.
Swinging their guns in the air and
yelling liKe a lot of Comanches, the troops
made a dash for the top of the hill. They
were met with volley aftex volley from the
guns of the little force entrenched there,
and in the face of such a fire they were
compelled to turn and retreat. Some of
the boys made it more realistic by jump
ing over a fence which stood in their path
of retreat.
Three eeparate times did the main body
of troops charge the hill, but were com
pelled to fail back by the severe fire of
musketry.
The fourth and last assault was irre
sistible. With bayonets gleaming and
voices raised in gallant shouts the troops
ran rapidly ap the I: 111 and carried the
position. The enemy retreated on the
double quick, every man for himself down
the other slope, across the valley and took
refuge in the clumps of grapevines, and
from this cover kept up a scattering fire.
The position and the victory were not
won witnout loss, however. The first
noble soldier to bite the dust and permit
his Springfield to fall to earth was Van
Eieberst.
He did not stop at falling. He rolled
over until he reached the bottom of the
hill, where he lay for about thirty seconds
before the surgeon arrived with his palm
leaf fan and a canteen of warm water. He
was revived with great difficulty and pro
crastination, the mason being that the
wounded man insisted on arguing that
tepid water was not the proper drink to
bring a man to life with. He was finally
borne off the field supported by a rifle and
tne sho ulders of two of his weeping com
rades.
Another gallant soldier who fell at the
top of the hill and rolled until his progress
was stopped by a pebble was Guardsman
Ostboff. He and another man complete
ihe tint of maimed and wounded. Both
rerolutely showed not a sign of life till
the surgoon arrived with that canteen in
which ttiey expected to find — anything
but water.
At the top of the hill the platoon that
won it waved their hats and cheered.
There were a few answering shots from the
erapevines on the hill. Then all was still,
and the shnm battle of Los Gatos, August
21, 1896, A. D., had passed into history.
To-night the grand ball tendered by the
citizens of Los Gatos and managed by the
Board of Trade, took place at Masonic
Hall. The hall was attractive!}' decorated
in red, white and blue, at one end were
these words in letters of the National
colors: "Welcome Company B." Cut
flowers, potted plants, palms and ferns
ornamented the piatform and ends of the
hall. There were nineteen numbers on
the dancing programme. The grand
march was led by Captain and Mrs. Fil
mer. All the members of Company B
were relieved from duty this evening that i
they might attend the ball, except one
man, who was left on guard.
T. E. Johns was floor manager and the
committee of arrangements comprised R.
F. Kobertson, William A. Pepper, J. D.
Beggs, George H. Adams and T. E. Johns.
There was a large attendance. President
£ R. Bell of the Board of Trade made an
audress of welcome. He said:
'•We are assembled here this evening for
the purpose of entertaining our honored
quests, Company B, National Guard of
California, and now, in the name of the
Board of Trade and the citizens of Los
Gatos, I extend to you a most cordial wel
come, officers and members of Company
B. I trust that during your brief sojourn
in our midst you will enjoy to the fullest
extent aii the pleasures and attractions our
city affords. Gentlemen, I congratulate
you on the very favorable impression you
have made in our people. Your gentle
manly deportment, your parades, drills,
reviews and other interesting military ex
ercises have elicited from them the very
highest commendation.
"A few days ago while you were drilling
on the plaza, I stood within hearing of
several old soldiers, and gathered from
their remarks and the expression on their
faces that they considered you efficient in
your chosen calling, and possessed in a
marked degree of all the requisites of a
soldier. No doubt the ladies will concede
that you are also all handsome. Your
services to your country and your fellow
man cannot be easily overestimated. You
surrender your own personal interests in
order that you may become duly qualified
for your calling, and a soldier, be he old or
young, I believe merits the honor and ad
miration of every good citizen. I notice
present with us this evening several mem
bers of Company B, Fifth lnfanty Regi
ment of San Jose, and I also accord to
them a cordial welcome."
Hearty applause followed President
Bell's address, the signal was given, the
grand march began and the dance was on.
Among those present wera: Mr. and
Mrs. R. F. Robertson, Dr. and Mrs. J. A.
Rice, Dr. and Mrs. J. J. King, Mr. and
Mrs. George Henry, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
McCoy, Mr. and Mrs. Will Baker, Mr. and
Mrs. T. H. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. John
Koppitz, Mr. and Mrs. W. Mullen, Mr.
and Mrs. E. J. McCormack, Mr. and Mrs.
A. L. Fletcher, Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Finley,
Mrs. Moody and Mrs. A. L-
McPherson of Oakland, Mrs. W. H.
Sieberst of San Francisco, Mrs.
E. B. Peppin, Mrs. W r . J. Kelly and
Mr?. Osthoff of San Francisco, Miss Belle
McMurtry, Miss Ethel Ayer, the Misses
Malpas, the Misses Darneal, the Misses
Cilker, Miss Howes, Miss Mamie
McMurtry, Miss Lulu Begrgs, the
Misses Ralston, the Misses Gray, Miss
Mabel Rankin, Mrs. Emily Sieberst, Miss
Sadie Gould, Miss Mills. Miss Sadie Mc-
Dermott, Miss Sturdivant Miss Hosmer
of San Francisco, the Misses McMillan of
San Jose, Messrs. W. B. Rankin, George
S. McMurtry, Archie Cilker. J. W. Rupert,
Will Johnson, George Walker, B. Cos
grove, A. M. Smith, Lee Darneal, Ed J.
Howes, Will M. Beggs,
The members of Company B, Fifth In
fantry, of San Jose, who were present
were: Captain and Mrs. H. I. Partridge,
Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Johnson, First Lieu
tenant J. J. Adel, Second Lieutenant G.
W. Searle, Sergeant H. W. McComas, Ser
geant T. H. Derby, Sergeant C. E. Hub
bacK, Quartermaster Sergeant L. B. Wood,
Corporal A. E. Halsey, Musician J. T
Beach, privates A. O. Roseveare, R. G.
Roseveare, R. C. de Yoe, L. G. Brayton,
W. D. Gary, F. E. Gilman, W. K. Jami
son, E. M. White, R. G. Wight, E. E.
Frost, J. F. Ward, A. Griffith, G. Kelley,
W. M. Bollinger, T. C. Sherritt, G. D. Ab-'
bott, C. C. Peppin, E. Ralston, C. H.
Wood, F. M. Kesling; also Commissary
Sergeant L. L. Riley and Sergeant-Major
F. D. Watkins ot the colonel's staff.
General James and staff and Colonel
McDonald and staff will be down from the
city to-morrow. In the evening the mem
bers of Company B will hold a "high
]inks."
SAN DIEGO IS CONFIDENT
Little Doubt About Securing the
Japanese Steamship
Terminus.
Manager Iwanaga Makes an Exten
sive Trip of Observation
Around the Bay.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 21.— News has
been received here that S. Tomioka, who
was here a few weeks ago as private secre
tary to President Asano of the Toyo Kisen
Steamship Company, has been in the City
of Mexico for a week getting information
as to the running of steamers along the
Mexican coast as far south as San Benito.
Tomioka was supposed to have gone to
Chicago with Asano, but went directly to
Mexico. He was empowered by Asano to
enter into negotiations with the Govern
ment for the estabiisnment of a steamship
line to touch at all the principal ports, in
cluding Mazatlan, San Bias, Manzanillo,
Acapulco, Salina Cruz and San Benito.
While in Mexico Mr. Tomioka inter
viewed Sir Whetman Pearson, lessee of
the Tehuantepec Railway, and is believed
to have reached some agreement with that
road for handling through freight.
The Japanese Minister of Commerce,
the Viscount Enomoto, has signified a
; desire to establish connection with the
I Tehuantepec road| and a suggestion from
him is equivalent to an order, as he con
trols the Government subsidy to steam
ship companies. When Shonemoto, Com
missioner of Commerce and Industry, was
in San Diego he stated positively that the
Toyo Kisen Kaisha would make traffic ar
rangements with the Tehuantepec Rail
way if possible. He was in Mexico some
weeks before Toraioka arrived, and also
interviewed Sir Wnetman Pearson.
The significance of this move on the
part of the Toyo Kisen Kaisha is impor
tant to San Diego, and tends to confirm
the assurance that the steamers will make
San Diego their California port. If the
Toyo Kisen Kaisha enters into a compact
with ttie Tehauntepec Railway, its nearest
and most direct American connection will
be San Diego.
Sei i Ich Iwanaga, manaeer of the Nip
pon Yusen Kaisha Steamship Company,
made an extensive trip on the bay to-day
d c-^ oualness m en of the city and W.
B. Liddle, freight traffic manager of the
faanta Fe system, besides Pilot Dill. He
expressed the belief that the Tpyo Kisen
Kaisha has selected this port for a termi
nus, but at the same time sought all the
information possible concerning the har
bor and us terminal facilities. Mr.
Iwanaga s private secretary, who is jot
ting down all information obtained was
reticent as to the intention of his company
i^arding San Diego, but said the direc
tors in Japan uesired a full knowledge of
this port. The Japanese were taken to
various points on the bay tins afternoon
and leave in the morning for San Fran-
CISCO.
> -♦
Whittier Boys Heturn to School.
AVALON, Cat.u.ina Island, Aug. 21.—
The boys from the Whittier State"School,
who have been in camp for the past two
weeks at Camp Banning, returned home
ill is morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
DR. SHORB'S CASE
AT LOS ANGELES,
Senator Stephen M. White
Is Attorney for the
Defense.
SEQUEL TO A TRAGEDY
The Physician Is Charged With
Causing the Death of -
Mrs. Snyder.
EVIDENCE OF MEDICAL MEN.
Case Continued Until To-Day, When
a Motion to Dismiss Will
Be Argued.
LOS ANGELEB OFFICE OF THE CAXL,)
328 South Broadway, >• v
Los Asgeles, (Jal.. Auz. 2L )
Senator Stephen M. White appeared in
Police Judge Owens' court to-day as attor
ney for Dr. A. S. Shorb, charged with be
ing the cause of Mrs. Jennie Snyder's
death, on August 5, in this city. The par
ticulars of Mrs. Snyder's death and the
suicide of her lover are still fresh in the'
minds of the readers of The Call. Dr.
Sborb, the defendant, is an old man and
has been a resident of Los Angeles for
many,years. He is fortunate in securing
the services of Senator White, but, judg
ing from the expert testimony introduced
tbis morning, will undoubtedly be heid to
answer.
The prosecution will introduce nothing
but expert testimony. The testimony
taken at the Coroner's inquest was ruled
out and the morning session was taken up
in the examination of Drs. Salisbury and
Carson and Health Officer Steddom. The
evidence w«nt to show that instruments
had been used in a careless manner.
Dr. Carson was free to admit that after
his examination of the deceased at the
autopsy he had remarked that the wound
as it appeared could have been inflicted
with a butcher-knife, but that he did not
wish the impression to prevail that such
an instrument was used upon the dead
woman.
District Attorney James, who is prose
cuting the case, says that after hearing
some expert testimony the people will
rest- He is confident that Shorb will be
held to answer to the Superior Court.
The case was finally continued to 11 A. M.
to-morrow, when Senator White will argue '
a motion to dismiss.
YACANCIEN AT UHITTIER.
The Recent Investigation JKnulted in
Several Resignations.
LOS ANGLES, Cal., Aug. 21.— The State
School at Whittier, according to current
rumor here to-day, has been left in the
lurch and indignantly deserted by three
very important officials, viz.: the matron
of the institution, a lady relief officer and
Miss Vesta Omstead, the lately deposed
principal who on sundry occasions in
months agone made vigorous use of a
leather "'cat" on the bare backs of refrac
torry girls.
Miss Omstead "resigned." the other two ]
have been deposed, but were to remain in
the institution until Trustee Keyes had,
with the consent of his associates on the
board, selected three competent successors.
Miss Omstead, it seems, organized a re
volt and leading the way made her dress
skirts fairly crack in her haste to quit the
institution. The other two, equally deter
mined to create a vacuum, followed Miss j
Omstead. The resolution abolishing cor
paral punishment was passed at a late |
meetinsr. Just what wiii be dons next j
Professor Keyes has not indicated, but it
is fair to presume that the places will be
easy enough to fill. Mrs. Mary R. Threl
keld, a philanthropist, builder of the
Newsboys' Home here and a splendidly
equipped lady for Miss Omstead 'a place,
was rejected by a majority of the board,
although championed by Trustee Adina
Mitchell and indorsed by Governor Budd.
NEGRO LABORER SUFFOCATED.
While Excavating for a Sewer a Cave of
Earth Occurs.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Aug. 21.— While
excavating at Fourteenth and Piru streets
this afternoon a cave-in occurred in the
sandy soil, burying one of the workmen,
a colored man named Albert Williams,
under five feet of earth. Tne excavation
was nearly fifteen feet deep, and before
the dirt could be removed, an operation
which took three-quarters of an hour, the
negro had died from suffocation. The
permit to connect at the sewer was ap
plied for by Roeder Brothers. No attempt
bad been made to plank the sides of the
hole to keep it from caving.
EQUALIZERS AT SACRAMENTO.
Sclano Officials Appear Before the Board
and Recite a Number of
Grievances.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 21. —Super
visors Clark and Buckingham and Assessor
Charles Schirmer, of Solano County, ap
JOE PATCHEN LOWERS THE PACING RECORD.
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 21.— The stallion Joe Patchen lowered the world's stal
lion pacing record, held by John R. Gentry, at Rigby by a quarter of a second in a
fresh wind, making the mile in 2:03. His quarters were: :30^— :29}£— :30»4-:325£.
peared before the Board of Equalization
during the afternoon session and related
their grievances. They told how the rate
on improvements alone in Valleio had in
creased $86,287, and stated that there had
been a slight increase in valuation both in
Vaca ville and Suisun. There had formerly
been a drydocfc in Vallejo which had
helped to swell the roll |37,500, but that
had ceased to exist.
Then Equalizer Beamer quietly called
the Assessor's attention to the fact that
there existed a decrease of $1,500,000 in
outside property values, and he began ex
plaining matters. He told how orchards
were assessed at $150 an acre, trees being
considered to be worth |50 per acre.
President Morehouse thought that the
assessment on trees should be raised, as, In
his opinion, they doubled the value of the
land, but Schi.-mer retorted by saying that
many of the property-owners would prefer
the land without the trees.
Schirmer also stated that he assessed all
marsh lands, worthless for any purpose
save hunting-grounds, for from $4 to $5
per acre, and presented numerous in
stances in which land had been sold for
less than its assessed value.
Tnen Arnold took a bowl at the As
sessor by inquiring into the system of as
sessing banks, and Schirmer Baia he had
taken the statement of the banks as a
basis upon which to assess them, and de
clared that he did not know what else
to do.
The statements to the Bank Commis
sioners were then compared with the as
sessment of banks, and the comparison
showed that the banks had escaped assess
ment on an immense amount of property.
IOLO'S BAD SHOWING.
The Assessment- H..V Falls Off >early
9500,000.
SACRAMENTO, C/I-, Aug. 21.— Mark
Chamberlain and se^aral of the Super
visors of Yolo County made their excuses
for the small assessment-roll before the
Board of Equalization this morning. The
assessment-roll shows a falling off of nearly
half a million dollars, the greater part be
ing personal property and solvent credits.
In explanation of the falling off in per
sonal property Assessor Chamberlain
stated that there were $52,000 worth of
wheat. $17,000 «f meichandise, 7000 sheep
and 2000 horses less returned this year
than last. There were formerly a great
many sheep raised in Yolo for wool, but
not a pound of wool was produced last
year.
The farmers are in such a financial con
dition that they cannot even repair build
ings, make improvements or purchase
farming utensils. Several buildings have
been destroyed by fire, and have not been
replaced, levees have not been repaired
and hundreds of acres of laud overflowed
made worthless.
GOVERNOR BUDD AT TAHOE
Arrives on Horseback After In
specting the Old Placer
ville Road.
Delighted With His Trip and Is
Making Good Catches at
the Lake.
TALLAC, Lake Tahoe, Cal., Aug. 21.—
Governor Budd arrived this morning. H«
came on horseback, accompanied by a
valet and C. E. Hobridge, Road Commis
sioner of Sacramento. Immediately upon
their arrival the Governor lunched with
Joseph Austin, appraiser of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, and John Mc-
Laren, superintendent of Golden Gate
Park, together with tneir wives, and spent
the afternoon resting. His route was
taken from Sacramento over the old Placer
ville road, recently purchased by the State,
which he personally inspected, and it is
ibe first occurrence in a long while that a
Governor ever came on horseback in per
son to oversee work on State property.
With regard to the road'he said:
"I have never seen a better road in my
life. It must have been of wonderful con
struction when new. Every three miles
are ruins of old watering-places where the
road was kept wetted down and in good
condition. At present, however, and be
fore the State purchased the road, these
I places have been aoolished and placed
over ten miles apart. Even then some are
not u?ed. The culverts are in bad condi
tion and in many places dangerous to
public safety. 1 came over the road and
personally supervised its reconstruction,
stopping here and there as the work pro
gressed, and when finished I think we
shall restore it to its original condition."
Mr. Hobridge was also interviewed and
expressed the same opinion. The Placer
ville road was the old pioneer road from
Sacramento to Nevada over which all the
business was done in the early days of
silver-mining In Nevada. It was built
substantially in 1862 and to serve its pur
pose, which it has done until within the
last lew years, when the toll was discon
tinued. The Governor arrived at Straw
berry, on the road twenty miles from Tal
lac, August 9, where he has remained
since, visiting the mountains and taking
trips to the little lakes in the vicinity,
among them Echo Lake, twelve miles
southwest of Tallac, on the summit to
Placerville, which was restocfced with
15,000 sal mo-my kiss nnder his supervision
by E. W. Hunt, superintendent of the
Tahoe hsh station. Among the places vis
ited were the American River and Silver
Lake, situated near here, and where the
fishing is excellent.
The Governor reported fine luck, and is
weil satisfied with his catches. Of Lake
Tahoe the Governor said: "It is a grand
place, and should be the resort of the
coast. Tallac is the prettiest resort 1 have
seen."
How long he will be at the lake is not
known, but be expects to remain at least a
couple of days. To-morrow a special
steamer will be chartered, and In company
with Mr. Lawrence, Dr. Hall and Karl
Hermann of San Francisco, the party will
have a fishing trip around the lake.
CHILD MURDER
AT OROVILLE.
A Halfbreed Indian Mother
Strangles Her Newly-
Born Babe.
SHE FEARED DISGRACE.
Vainly Implored the Physician
to Kill the Baby at Its
Birth.
A CORONER'S INQUEST IS HELD.
The Woman Will Be Arraigned for the
Crime as Soon as Her Condition
Will Permit.
OROVILLE, Cal., Aug. 21.— The rumor
on the street this morning that a mother
had strangled her new-born baby on in
vestigation proved true. Miss Mary Ab
bott, a half-breed Indian seamstress, who
occupies two rooms of a house owned by
B. Russell on Montgomery street, called
a physician on Wednesday evening and
informed him she would soon give birth to
a child and desired his services. She
stated that no nurse would be needed, as
she did not wish the public to know her
condition. The doctor refused to have
anything to do with her unless a nurse
was secured. She refused, and he left.
Thursday evening Dr. Wilson was sent
for. To him the woman made the same
statement, adding that her sister was
coming from the mountains and would
arrive that evening. The doctor called
twice during the night. Early this morn
ing a heavy ten-pound boy wa3 delivered
all right.
While the doctor was removing the
mucus membrane from the baby's mouth
and nostrils the mother said: "Do not do
that, but let the child die." He refused
to be connected with any such crime, and
carefully wrapped the baby in a sheet and
placed it at the foot of the bed. A few
minutes later the baby cried, when the
mother t ried to kill it witn her foot. The
doctor interfered, when she raised up in
bed, caught the child by the head and
shoulders, and tried to wring its necK-
The doctor seized her by the throat, com
pelling her to release her hold of the baby,
threatening her with arrest if any harm
happened to the child.
After completing his work and having
her assurance that no further attempt
would be made to take the child's life he
left, thinking that she would keep her
promise. Later he called and found the
mother doing well. On inquiry for the
child she replied: "The baby went to
sleep and I placed it under the bed." .
Her appearance indicated that all was
not right, aud the doctor hurriedly pushed
the bed aside, finding the baby wrapped
in a sheet and lying on a quilt. On closer
examination he found the mother had tied
a towel around the child's neck and stran
gled him to death.
The doctor asked if she had murdered
the child and she replied: "Yes and it is
none of your business. You had no right
to remove the membrane from the nostrils
so the child could breathe; you ought to
have let it die."
Dr. Wilson informed the Coroner, Sher
iff and District Attorney. They visited
the sicE woman and found the child as
above stated. The Coroner's jury brought
in a verdict charging Miss Mary Abbott
with having murdered her infant. A war
rant was sworn to before Judge Leonard
charging her with murder. A watch will
be kept on her until her condition is such
as to permit a trial.
LOS ANGELES BALLY.
Interesting Republican Addreaaes to a
I.ttrar Guthering.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 21. — A
great Republican gathering took place
under the auspices of the Young Men's
Republican League in the Stowell block
here tnis evening, which was addressed
by Hon. James McLachlan, Republican
candidate for Congress, and E. Li. McKin
ley of Santa Rosa. Mr. McKinley made
the principal speech of the evening. He
reviewed silver legislation in Europe and
America, showing conclusively that at
tempts to raise tho bullion price of silver
by legislation in this country had utterly
failed, as in the case of the Bland-Allison
act and the Sherman purchasing law.
The conclusion waa that the Republican
party, according to its platform, is the
only true bimetallic political organization
in the country, as bimetallism by treaty
stipulation among the great powers of the
earth alone can raise the intrinsic value of
silver and thus add its volume to the
money of the country and put it on a
parity with gold.
The speaker paid a high tribute lo the
National standard-bearer of the party
and his illustrious and splendid record
both in war and peace.
Quoting the words of Congressman Bar
ham of the First District, the speaker
said: "Our Congressman, who knows
your representative in tne lower house far
better than I do, says that the people of
the Los Angeles district should re-elect
McLachlan almost unanimously, owing to
his sterling qualities of nead and heart,
his ability, and. above all, his untiring in
dustry in behalf of nis constituents."
DEMOCRATS A ND POPULISTS.
The Ticket Xamed, by the Two Idaho
Conrentions.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. 21.— A special
to the Herald from Boise, Idaho, says:
Frank Steunenberg was nominated for
Governor by the Democrats to-day, ft. E.
McFarland for Attorney-General, George
8. Stoner for Treasurer and B. F. Hastings
for Mine Inspector. It is not believed the
Populists will make any nominations to
night. The Democratic piatform adopted
reaffirms allegiance to Democratic princi
ples and the Chicago platform, and de
mands the free and unlimited coinage of
gold and silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
The Populist platform favors woman
suffrage, indorses the St. Louis platform
and demands several things of local in-
The following is the ticket nominated
by the Populists: Congressman, Gunn ot
Ada; Lieutenant-Governor, C. C. Fuller of
Snoshone; Secretary of State. George J.
Lewis of Blame; State Aacl -tor, James H.
Anderson of Washington; Superintendent
ot Public Instruction, Lewis Anderson of
Latal.
Scheming to Defeat McLichlan.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 21. — A
number of the delegation to the last Re
publican Congressional Convention of the
Sixth District have issued an invitation
to 100 representative silver Republicans,
asking them to attend a meeting Tuesday
i
evening next to consider ways and means
to defeat Congressman James McLachlan,
wno bolted the district platform, which
was for free silver, and has come out on a
gold plank.
LOS ANGELES CAMPAIGN
Tet Another Congressional Candidate to
Be dominated.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 21.— Another
candidate, it seems, is to be injected into
the political fight in the Sixth Congres
sional District. The outcome of the Dem
ocratic convention ot yesterday did not
please the Silverites a little bit and in
consequence, a conference has been under
way here to-day with a view of arranging
for a mass-convention of free-silver men
to nominate one of their number for Con
gress.
Several notable silver leaders, including
Alva Udell, secretary of the Bimetallic
League for California, Enoch Pepper, H.
H. Savage, Colonel I. E. Messmore, J. C.
Conners, John R. Berry and others at
tended the caucus to-day. The talk is
now, that Colonel Messmore, who came
within two votes of defeating George S.
Patton for the nomination two years ago,
will be the latest candidate. Charles Bar
low's nomination at San Luis Obispo, it
has been asserted, has satisfied the silver
men of the district, but the gentlemen
named say they want no Barlow in theirs.
Tehama Indorses Monteith.
RED BLUFF, Cal., Ang. 21.— At a
meeting of the Democratic Central Com
mittee last night, the members present
unanimously adopted a resolution re
questing the Tehama County delegates to
the Napa convention to vote for the in
dorsement of the Populist candidat e for
Congress in the First District. Four of the
delegates were present and expressed no
dissent. It is hinted though that neither
the committee nor the delegation are
favorable to George W. Monteith, but they
take this step to get out of a bad predica
ment.
Santa Monica's McKinley Club.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Aug. 21.— The
McKinley and Hobart Club of Santa
Monica has passed beyond the organiza
tion stage, and has reached a point where
they are a power. They are doing valiant
work for the ticket, sound money and pro
tection. They have club rallies every
Saturday evening, with rallies about every
two weeks in the opera-house, and expect
to carry Santa Monica for the Republican
party.
Santa Barbara Convention.
SaNTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 21.—
The Republican Central Committee of
this county will meet at 8 o'clock next
Tuesday evening to issue a call for a
county convention and to arrange for
primaries, etc. Political feeling is run
ning high and the McKinley men present
a solid front of enthusiasts, who intend to
sweep the county in the coming cam
paign.
For Women's Suffrage.
LOS OLIVOS, Cal., Aug. 21.— The
Womeu's Suffrage campaign was opened
here last night by Miss Harriet May Mills
of New York. Miss Mills spoke convinc
ingly to a large audience. Committees
for campaign work were appointed and
Santa Y'nez Valley is believed to be in
favor of the movement. •
Populist Club Organized.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Aug. 21.— The
Populists organized a club here about two
weeks ago with sixty members and are
erowir.g. They expect to raise the num
ber to 100 before the ides of November roll
round.
Xo Sautatito Club.
SAUSALITO, Cal.. Aug. 21.— A Demo
cratic meeting was convened here for the
purpose of forming a Bryan and Sewall
club, but the Central Committee being un
able to attend it, was adjourned to the
first week in September.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Emile Sanford, a Jilted Lover,
Cuts His Throat With
a Razor.
The Woman for Whom He Bled Has
a Record as a Road
Agent
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aur. 21.— Emile San
ford, a discarded lover, made an attempt
to end his life this afternoon by cutting
his throat with a razor, at a disreputable
house occupied by Nora Bilderain, at the
corner of San Augustin and San Pedro
streets. Sanford lived with the woman for
several years, but on July 25 he was sent
to jail for twenty-five days for beating her.
He was released from jail Wednesday, but
the Bilderain woman refused to have any
thing further to do with him. He an
nounced nis intention of committing sui
cide this morning with a pocket-knife, but
the weapon was taken from him. He will
recover. Nora Bilderain is the woman
who was arrested a year ago for holding
up a man on the road near Los Gatos and
relieving him of 35 cents.
DEATH OF A. UNIOS VETERAN.
J. Butler Stevens* a Sephexe of General
' 4 Butler, Passes Away.'
; SAN JOSE, Cal., ) Aug. 21.— J. Boiler
Stevens, a veteran of 'the' Civil War and
an old resident of this county, died at his
home in th "! city last night. Deceased
was a native of New Hampshire, aged 59
years. He was a nephew of the late Gen
eral r Benjamin ■F. Butler, and his grand
father was ; a general ■in the war of .1812.
He came Ito this State in ; 1857, but at the
breaking out of ; the war returned to New
Hampshire ; and served throughout - the
war in the Second New Hampsnire Regi
ment. A widow and child; survive him.
Fruit Warehouse Burned.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 21-— A large
fruit warehouse belonging to S. Zicovicb,
near the corner of Lincoln avenue and
San Carlos street, was destroyed by fire
about 3 o'clock this morning. The ware
house contained nine tons of dried apri
cots and a quantity of boxes. A horse and
wagon in an adjoining shed was burned.
The loss on the warehouse and fruit wilt
amount to $2300, partly insured. An ad
joining cottage was also destroyed. The
origin of the fire is unknown.
Harvey Allender'a Trial Set.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 21.— Harvey Al
lender was arraigned bexore Judge Lori
gan this morning on charges cf murder
ing Venanz Crosetti and Walburga Feil
ner on August 9. He entered a plea of
not guilty. A motion on his behalf, by
his attorney, for a dismissal of the inform
ation filed, on the ground that the pris
oner had never been properly committed
by a magistrate, was denied. The trial of
both charges was set for September 14.
Committed to A.gnews.
SAN JOSE, Cal., A,ug. 21.— Annie Tui
gatus, a young Portuguese woman of
Santa Clara, was committed to Agnews
Insane Asylum to-day. The girl has been
desperately in love with John Enos, an
employe of the San Jose Brick Company,
but her folks objected to Enos, and this
preyed upon her mind until she became
insane. She is 21 years old.
SHOT BY FOOTPADS
AT SANTA MONICA,
W. R. H. Sulliger Waylaid
at Night and Badly
Wounded.
WAS TAKING A STROLL.
Held Up and Felled With a
Club, He Tried to Reach
His Gun.
TWO OLD SOLDIERS ROBBED.
Citizens Call a Meeting to Rid the
Town of Questionable Char*
acters. I
SANTA MONICA, Cax., Aug. 21.— W.
R. H. Sulliger, a prominent merchant of
Santa Monica, was held up last night by
two thugs on Ocean avenue, within a
stone's throw of Senator Jones' residence,
and received two pistol shot wounds. Mr.
Sulliger, who has been in the drug busi
ness here for four year?, has been in the
habit of taking a walk every evening
after closing his place of business. Last
night, shortly after 9 o'clock, he closed
his store, and when on his walk he reached
a point on Ocean avenue opposite the resi
dence of Mr. Abbott Kinney he was ac
costed by two men who tcld him to hold
up his hands.
Thinking it was a couple of friends in
tending to play a practical joke he poked
nis cane at them, when one of the thugs
nit him on the head with a club which,
felled him to the ground. Sulliger then
reached for nis gun, when the highway
men fired al him twice. The first ball
entered the left shoulder and lodged in
the neck, the other ball entering the left
leg.
He immediately cried for help, when a
number of ladies and gentlemen came out
and a search was at once instituted for the
murderers. They were both men of me
dium height, one wearing dark clothes
and the other light. The hat of the darkly
clothed one having fallen from his head,
is in the possession of the police. The
doctor who is attending Mr. Sulliger does
not consider the wounds dangerous, and
he is doing as nicely as could be ex
pected.
Word reached town this evening that •
man answering the description of one of
the men, without a hat, had been arrested
in Los Angeles. The Board of Trustees
met this afternoon and offered a reward of
$300 for the capture of the fugitives. A
citizens' meeting bas been called to rid the
town of a lot of tinhorn gamblers who re
cently have put in an appearance.
Two veterans, members of the Soldiers'
Home here, were held up late last night
by a gang of highway men on the Southern
Pacific Railroad track, between the home
and the crossing of the Pasadena and
Pacific Electric track. From one they se
cured $1 60 and $30 from the other.
UNIFORMED PXXHIAMt.
Uneventful J>ay in ■ Camp at - Santa
" Jlonirn. ■ . -^^
'SANTA MONICA, Cal., Aug. 21.—To
day has been an uneventful one at the
Knights of Pythias ; camp, the guard
mount at 9a. m , practice drill at 10 a. m.
and the dress parade at 5 :30 in the after
noon drawing crowds as usual. There
was quite a number of new arrivals from
San Diego and Pasadena of members of
the uniform rank. -Chancellor McGlashan
of Reno arrived to-day, made an inspec
tion of the camp and received the Sir
Knights at dress: parade. To-morrow the
subordinate lodges of Southern California
will enjoy their annual picnic, at which
Congressman James McLachlan and Chan
cellor McGlashan will speak. On Sunday
services will . be * held at camp, and on
Monday work in the third degree at the
local lodge will be exemplified, Meriden
Lodge of Los Aneeles furnishing the can
didate, and on Tuesday evening a grand
ball will be given at Eickert & Hopf's pa
vilion. ; •_ ..•.-■..-: •;•.,
JUniitevv'* Interest in Sugar Beet*.
MONTEREY, Cal., Aug. 21.— The farm
ers of the county have come forward in
their efforts to secure a big sugar-beet fac
tor y. Up to date nearly 2000 acres have
been pledged. To-morrow a big mass
meeting will be held at the county seat,
and vigorous steP3 taken to secure a fac
tory, which will "be a 3000-ton one, the
largest of the kind in the Inited States.
I 5 I B^l l n ° snDst e ' or Joy's
mm § dm U Vegetable Sarsapa-
This herb remedy is
J~: |w ""- home product, and it
Pii ii nmr . is at the same time
the best produced in the world's market.
Joy's Sarsaparilla has been indorsed by
the leading ladies in' the country.
; Brings no pimples. •_
i" Cures habitual constipation. -
HONORED
PIONEERS.
TO-ID-A-Y'S
S. F. LETTER
' CONTAINS A
DOUBLE PAGE PICTURE
Of Honored Pioneers and the
Lick Monument, Printed on
• Plate Paper, . '
SUITABLE FOR FRAMING.
_-.-■-..' -^—aLso^-- ' ;■ -'■
/ PLATE No. 27 OF ;>::>'
PICTURESQUE m FRANCISCO.
View of San Francisco from AlcaUaz Island
34
STANFORD FULL
TO OVERFLOWING.
More Students Than the
University Can Care
For.
MANY IROM TEE EAST.
Standard of Preparation Among
Applicants Raised by the
Rush.
POLITICS AT THE COLLEGE.
Arrangements Being Made for a Re
publican Celebration in the
Quadrangle.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Aug.
21. — Present indications go to show that
the incoming freshman class will be the
largest ever received at Stanford. Appli
cations for attendance have been pouring
in from all sections of the country, from
the East especially, and it is liK.ely that
the whole number of applicants will reach
1500. It is certain that the present re
sources of the university cannot be
stretched to accommodate so large a num
ber, and it is practically certain that almost
half the new students will be refused ad
mission. In all cases persons coming with
full standing will be preferred to specials,
so the outlook for prospective specials is
not encouraging. This choosing among
applicants will undoubtedly benefit the
university, as it will greatly raise the
standard of preparation among the mem
bers of the freshman class. President Jor
dan is now in Alaska, and the exact limit
of attendance will not be set until hi 3 re
turn.
Encina and Roble halls will this year
be under the charge of two graduate
students, O. N. Eaton, '95, and G. B. Wil
son, '96. Formerly the halis were managed
on the co-operative plan by a committee
chosen by the occupants and by a steward
acting under them, This year the univer
sity will have entire charge of the affairs,
with Eaton and Wilsoo as their agents.
Roble Hall will be lull, with a number of
applications left over, and Encina, for the
lirst time in' its history, will be nearly if
not Quite full.
If indications count for anything, there
is going to be a great deal of political ex
citement at Stanford this year. The uni
versity is largely Republican. The Re
publican club organized last spring began
its career with a membership of 250.
John M. Switzer and W. H. Irwin, re
spectively president and vice-president,
are arranging for a mammoth Republican
rally to be held in the quadrangle shortly
after the opening of the university, when
Senator Perkins, Irving M. Scott and other
prominent sound- money advocates will
address the students on the issue? of the
campaign. The Republican clubs of May
field and of Palo Alto are expected to par
ticipate. Almost all the students will this
fall be ranged actively with one party or
the other, but the Republicans outnumber
the Democrats at least three to one.
Registration commences August 31, and
active business will begin with the open
ing of instruction on September 4.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs. Won. i Lost. ! J^ r t
Baltimore j 70 j 31 .693
Cincinnati. *9 3* I .683
Cleveland 62 38 .620
Chicago. 59 45 ; .567
Plttsburg. 55 44 j .655
Boston 65 46 \ .550
Brooklyn 46 52 | .469
rblladelpbla..,. 46 , 56 i .460
New York 46 56 I .450
Washington; 87 62 j .373
Hi. Louis. 31 68 .813
Louisville 25 76 j .247
CLrss.
BOSTON. Mass., Aug. 21.— With the score
5 to 0 in favor of Cincinnati in the third inning
of to-d«y's game, Nichols replaced Sullivan
and was more effective. Dwyer was replaced
by Rhines in the fourth. Gray's work at short
was very ragged, balls going as hits tbat would
have been easy for Smith, who is still unable
to play. Score: Bostons— lo, ls,7; Cincinnatis
—9, 13, 6. Batteries— Sullivan and Bergen;
Dwyer and Peitz. Umpire— Lynch.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 21.— Mercer and
Wilson were in fine fettle this afternoon, and
gave a good exhibition of scientific pitching,
Mercer being tne steadier. The home team
was unable to score until the eighth inning,
when a single, Fassei's triple and a muff" of a
thrown ball by Zimmer gave them two runs.
Wallace then took Wilson's place, and no more
scores were -made. Attendance 2300. Score:
Washingtons— 2, 5, 3; Clevelands— l, 5, 2.
Batteries— Mercer and Farrell; Wilson and
Zimmer. Umpire— Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa, Aug. 21. — Philadel
phia bad no trouble in batting oat a victory
to-day from Louisville. The feature of the
gams was Keene's pitching, Louisville mak
ing but three hits off him during the game.
Weather cloudy and cool. Attendance 1300.
Score: Phtladelphias— l3, l4,l; Louisvelles— 3,
3, 4. Batteries— Keene and Grady ; Frazer and
Dexter. Umpire— Conahan.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 21.— The champions
wound up the season with St. Louis to-day
with a .shut out. They played fast winning
ball at all points, and won as they pleased.
The fielding of the visitors was slow and xnnr.h
worse than the error column indicates. Um
pire LaUy favored Baltimore on several close
decisions. Attendance' l74o. Score: Balti
mores—7, 9, 1 ; St. Louis— o, 6. 2. Batteries—
Pong and Clark; Kissinger and Douglas. Um
pire—ially.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug., 21.— The New
Yorks made another remarkable brace with
tneir bats in the eighth inning to-day, and, as
on yesterday, they won the frame in the last
inning. Singles by Clark, Tiernan and Glea
sod, Joyce's base on bails and a home run by
Davis rolled up five runs and passed the vis
itors' score. Clark was hit freely in the early
part of the game, but steadied down and with
tine support blanked the Chicagos in the la«t
four innings. Score: New Yorks— 8 10, 3;
Chicagos— 6. 9, 3. Batteries— Clark and Zear
fosi; Friend and Anson. Umpire — Emrfie.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 21. -With the score
a tie and fifty minutes Jacking oi sunset Um
pire Sheridan called the game to-day at the
close of the ninth inning. The Brooklyns had
three men on the bases in the last inning and
only one out, but failed to genre. All of the
visitors' hits were scratches. Davis' catch was
the feature of the game. Score: Brooklyns—
2, 9, 4; Pittsburgs— 2, 2, 2. Batteries— Payne
and Burnli; Hawley and Merritt. Umpire—
Sheridan.
SAHULE ASI* SUZKI.
Record of a Day With the Horsemen of
the East.
INDEPENDENCE, lowa, Aug. 21.— The
Independence Driving Club closed a most
successful meeting to-day. Three races
were on the card and the track was fast.
The 2:22 trot, purse $1000, was won by
Bonnie, Red Oamaleon second and Gay
ton third. Best time, 2:16%.
The 2:45 trot, purse $10Ci0, was won H>y
Vipeania, Black Seth second and Whisper
third. Best time, 2:14^.
The 3;00 pace, purse $1000, was won by
Caßtleton, with "Wentworth second and
Frank M third. Best time, 2:12%.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 21. — A
threatening sky interfered with the at
tendance at the Grand Circuit races to
day. The track was in a fine condition
notwithstanding the rain of the morning,
and there was some good racing. Sum
inar>es:
2:35 trot, purse $500, Exploit won, Surpal
second, Greenfield third. Best time, 2:l6V£.
2:28 troi, purse $1000, Emma Oftut won.
Newberger second, Pholonides third. Best
time, '2:1214.
2:25 trot, purse $1000, Minuet won. Red Star
second, Mary L third. Best time, 2:13^.
BUFFALO, N. V., Aug. 21.-Despite
threatening weather the attendance was
good at the third day's Grand Circuit races
here to-day, the card being an attractive
one. A stfff wind up the track prevented
any fast time being made:
First race, 2:10 clsss, pacing, unfinished
from yesterday, purse $2000, was won by
Sphynxetta. Miss Rita second, Heir-at-Law
third. Best time, 2 :lo*£
Second race, 2 :14 class, trotting, purse $2000,
was won by Pilot, Boy. Rifle second, Bea B
third. Best time, 2:l3>i.
Third race, free ior all, trotting, purse $2000,
won by Fantasy, Beusetta second, Ouoqua
third. Best time, 2:o9>a.
2:11 class, trottiug, purse $2000, Bouncer
won, Cephas second, James L third. Best
time, 2:121£.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 21.— Mile, Brahma
won, Siddubia second, Chiswell third. Time,
1:44
Six furlongs, Airtight won, St. Augustine
second, Queen Safie third. Time, 1:15^.
Five Furlongs, Fig Leaf won, Juanita. second,
Lady Hamilton third. Time, 1:02%.
Mile, Hot Stuff won, Bridgeton second, Helen
H. Gardner third. Time, 1 :43.'4.
Six furlongs, Parthemax won, Belvadell sec
ond, Forsythe third. Time, I:lsJ^.
VIREMEN RACE AT ANTORIA.
Great Sport at the Opening of the State
Tournament.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 21.— The fourth
annual tournament of the Oregon State
Firemen's Association was opened here
to-day and resulted in some of the closest
contests cv jt witnessed between rival hose
teams. Portland, Oregon City, The Dalles,
Vancouver Barracks and Astoria had rep
resentative teams in the field and all were
evenly matched.
In the first event, a wet test race, Van
couver, Liberty of Portland and the local
team tied, the time being 49 seconds.
The Dalles got water before the nozzle
could be adjusted and was out of the con
test, while the Oregon City boys could not
do better than 52% seconds. In the run
off Astoria won in 48 2-5, Vancouver sec
ond in 49 2-5, Liberty third in 52 seconds
In the imb-and-hub speed contest the
first heat was contested Dy The Dalles and
Vancouver teams. The latter won easily
in 31 1-5 seconds.
The second heat brought out Liberty of
Portland, Oregon City and Astoria. The
local men took the lead at the start and
held it throughout.
The final heat between the Vancouver
men and the Astorians was the most ex
citing of the day, the hose carts traveling
almost the entire course a scant yard
apart. Vancouver took the lead at the
start and after a desperate struggle reached
the tape four inches in advance of the
Astorians. The tournament will be con
tinned to-morrow.
The best of feeling prevailed between
the rival teams and the visitors were
happy in the knowledge that the sym
pathies of Astorians generally were with
them.
TENNIS AT OMAHA.
Rain Interfered and but Few Games
Here Flayed.
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 21.— The Inter
state Tennis Tournament was slightly
marred by rain this morning and only a
couple of games were decided. W. 8.
Bond of Chicago easily beat R. H. Spencer
of Council Bluffs; 6—l, 6—3.
The match between W. Carver and L.
H. Waidner, both of Chicago, was the
best exhibition of singles ever seen here,
resulting in favor of the former; 6 — 4,
2-6, 6-4.
In the afternoon Carver and Waidner
met and defeated Bond and Hardy of (Jhi
cago in a magnificent and most exciting
contest for the doubles championship;
6-4. 6-4, 6—2.
Roy Austin of Omaha defeated Mr. Hop
kins of Omaha, 7—2, 2—6, 6—2, in the final
round for tne Nebraska singles. Austin
will meet State Champion Cullingham to
decide the State championship.
NEWPORT TENNIS SUMMARIEN.
Winners in the y'ntionnl Xournnment by
the Sea.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Aug. 21.— Tennis sum
maries: Second round— Lamed beat Whitman,
6-4, 6—1, «— 2.
G. D. Wrenn beat G. L. Wrenn, 2—6, B—6,
7—5, 9—7.
Fischer beat Sheldon, 6—4, 7—5, 2—6, B—6.
Consolation, preliminary round— Talmadge
beat Davidson, ti — 4, 6—2.
Turner beat Post by default.
Walton beat B. B. Stevens Jr. by default.
Lrman beat Reese by default.
W. G. Grant beat Miller by default.
First round— Talmadge beat Carpenter, 3—6,
6—3, 6—2.
Fincke beat Horton, 6—3, 4—6, 9—7.
Carleton beat T. J. Grant, 6 — 4, 6—4.
Interschoolastic preliminary round — Walton
(Columbia) beat Beggs (Princeton) by default.
Neal beat R. Stevens, 6—4, 6—o, 7—9, 9—7.
TANDER ROAD RECORD.
Broken by Garden City Cyclers in a Spin
From Gllroy to San Jote.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 21.— The tandem
road record between this city and Gilroy
was broken to-day by Gail Hardenbrook
and Julius Smith of the Garden City Cy
ciers. The road was not good in places,
and yet the distance, thirty miles, was
covered in the remarkable time of 1 hour 7
minutes and 30 seconds. This was at a
2:15 clip, which is better time than could
possibly be made for such a long stretch
by the best team of road horses. In fact
few road teams couid make a mile in 2i15,
not to speak of keeping up that pace for
thirty consecutive miles. The best tan
dem time formerly made between this city
and Gilroy was 1 hour and 27 minutes.
Racing at Nottingham.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 21.— At Notting
ham to-day the little John plate of 200
sovereigns, five furlongs straight, was
won by P. Lorillard's Sandia, Mr. Jersey's
(Mrs. "Langtry) Farouche second and
Dancing Jew third.
The Walbeck Abbey stakes, handicap,
of 350 sovereigns for "three-year-olds and
upward, five furlongs straight, was won
by Quilla, Pickleberry second and Whit
tlebury tbird. P. Lorillard's Diakka was
one of the starters, but was not placed.
For the Rnfford Abbpy plate of 106
sovereigns, for horses of all ages, five fur
longs straight, P. Lorillard's Dolabra beat
Huelva.
Barrett'* hong Side.
BELVIDERE, 111., Aug. 21.— Burt Bar
rett has just arrived from Oakland, Cal.,
on his bicycle, making the trip of 2500
miles in thirty-five days. Barrett says he
averaged sixty miles a day on the start
and alter leaving Omaha made an average
of seventy-five miles daily. Much of the
distance throuah California, Nevada and
Utah was made walking, as the roads
would not permit riding of the wheel.
The railroad track was used a great deal of
the time.
Hesperian College Property Transferred.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— At a
meeting of the trustees of the Hesperian
College, which closed its doors to the pub
lic about a year ago, held this afternoon,
it was decided to turn its endowment
fund, nmonnting to $22,400, over to the
Berkeley Bible Seminary. The large
three-story building' and grounds will be
presented to the Woodland High School.
Hesperian College was one of the oldest
institutions of its kind in the State. It
waa run successfully from 186b to i 895
when it closed its doors for lack of
patronage. «
Red hot affidavits in to-day's Star.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, lStm.
HE PASSED THE
CUP OF DEATH.
Fatal Mistake of a Patient
in the County-
Hospital.
ONE DEAD, ONE DYING,
Instead of a Black Draught He
Administers a Deadly
Poison.
THE NURSE WAS ABSENT
Important Duties Left to Ignorant
Hands — A Horrible
Result.
Richard Sherlock, nurse in charge of
ward B in the City and County Hospital,
caused a fatal accident by his trip down
town yesterday afternoon. He left his
duties in the hands of a willing but igno
rant patient, and as a result one man lies
dead in his hospital cot and another
writhes in all the agonies caused by acute
poisoning.
The two patients, David Netcher and
Thomas Murphy, were to have undergone
a delicate operation to-day, and to prepare
them for the ordeal Dr. Waller, physician
in charge of the ward, ordered that at
frequent intervals physic be given to
them. His orders were delivered to Sher
lock, the ward nurse.
About half-past 1 o'clock yesterday after
noon Sherlock went to Dr. Dudley, then
in charge, and stated that every
thing was all right in his ward and that
he bad left another nurse in charge.
Instead of doing this he had giv
en his medciine closet keys to George
Mallaber, a half-blind patient, with
instructions to give certain doses to
several of the inmates of the ward.
Among these were Murphy and Netcher,
who were to be given a black draught.
When the time came to administer the
medicine to Mallaber the two men went
to the drug closet and blunderingly
picked up a bottle containing the tincture
of cocculus indicus, a pbison externally
used as a linament upon some other pa
tient.
In a few minutes Netcher and Murphy
were taken directly ill and were soon in
convulsions. The physicians were called
and every effort put forth to repair the
fatal mistake. Netcher died about 5
o'clock, but Murphy revived under the
treatment and has a fighting chance for
life.
Shirlock returned about 6 o'clock to the
hospital and was confronted with the re
sult of his negligence. He had no excuse
to make, and seemed to be stupefied by
the occurrence.
Superintendent Stable notified the Sev
enteenth-street police station shortly after
midnight and Sherlock was placed under
arrest.
Sherlock's statement of the sad affair
was thr.t the two patients, Daniel Netcher,
who is dead, and Thomas Murpby, who i&
dying, were to undergo a delicate opera
tion this jnorning. He was instructed by
the doctor to give them each a black
draught during the afternoon.
He had occasion to go downtown, and
he instructed George Mallabar, another
patient in the ward, to give them the
black draught, which was in a bottle in
his locker. He gave Mallabar the keys of
his locfcer when he left to go downtown,
and that was all be knew about it.
Netcher was a native of Massachusetts,
aged 60 years, single and admitted to the
hospital August 15 suffering from cataract.
He formerly resided at 5 Enterprise alley.
"I consider it in the highest degree re
maikable." said Dr. Stable, "that after
eight years of faithful and efficient service
Sherlock should have been so neglectful
of his duty.
"I have always found him diligent and
prudent. How he could bring himself to
turn over the keys of his medicine chest
to the half-blind patient, Malabar, is
more than I can conceive.
N "His negligence, to my mind, is plainly
criminal, though I am most surprised at
it. It looks as though no one could be
trusted when a man considered so reliable
as was Sherlock, allows himself to commit
so grave an imprudence."
Richard Shirlock has been a nurse at
the institution for the past eight years and
is a sober and experienced man.
Thomas Murphy, the man for whose life
the doctors are battling, is a native of
Ireland, aged about 76 years. He lived at
114 Twelfth street.
SUICIDE AT NAPA.
F. £. Mielinz, Distracted Over Financial
Losses, Sends a Bullet Through
His Brain.
NAPA, Cal., Aug. 21. — Another case has
been added to the Iocs; list of suicides
committed in Napa during the past two
• months. This morning at 5:30 o'clock, F. E.
Mielinz committed suicide by firing a bul
let through his brain, the ball entering the
right side of his head.
The son, William Mielinz, was awakened
by the report, and sprang out of bed. • He
hastened from his room, and entering the
sitting-room found his father lying on the
couch, blood oozing from a wound on the
right side of the head, and a 38-caiiber
pistol lying on the floor near the couch.
They young man hastily summoned a
physician, but before he could arrive his
father had breathed his last.
Coroner R. M. Kyser summoned a jury
composed of the following-named persons:
Thomas Cuff, A. H. Conkling, Peter Han
sen, Charles Howe, Harry Brown and G.
M. Francis, who rendered a verdict in ac
cordance with the nbove facts.
Mr. Mielinz was well acquainted through
out Napa Valley, having been employed
here for many year*. A few years ago he
was a large owner of real estate in Napa,
but suffered many financial losses. He
worried over his troubles and became de
spondent. While in such a frame of mind
be took his own life. A few days ago he
said to his son, Will: "This worry about
financial matters is enough to make any
man blow his brains out. 1 '
He leaves a wife and four children;
three sons, William, Edward and Stanley,
and one daughter, Constance.
The funeral will be held to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock from the family resi
dence on Fourth street.
SANTA ROSANS ALARMED.
An Unknown Young Man With a Mania
for Suicide Scares the Wits Out
of Them.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 21.— An un
known young man with a suicidal mania
has succeeded in frightening several! Santa
Rosa people almost out of their senses.
At times the unfortunate youth is per
fectly sane and the fits of temporary in
sanity come upon him suddenly and with
out warning.
This afternoon be called at the residence
of John Doaohuej and asked for sorue
thing to eat. Mrs. Donohue gave
him his dinner and asked him to assist
her in putting some wheat in a bin. The
wheat sacks were tied up with a stout
cord, requiring tne use of a knife to open
them. The stranger arP eare^ Bane enough
until the knife was placed in his hands,
then with set face and rolling eyes he be
gan to race around tlie premises to the
great dismay of Mrs. Donohue. He at
length rushed at the now badly frightened
woman brandishing the knife on hiuh and
within about three feet of her suddenly
tore oDen his shirt and plunged the knife
full 111 his breast Mrs. Donohue ran into
the honse and gave the alarm, but before
assistance could arrive tbe maniac had
fled. The police are keeping a Bharp look
out and many maiaen ladies will look
carefully under their beds before retiring
to-night in Santa Rosa.
IMPORTANT MEETING AT FRESNO.
Valley Road Officers Have a Highly Satis-
factory Conference With Many
Property-Owners.
FRESNO, Ual. Aug. 21.— Several officials
of the Valley Road, accompanied by mem
bers of engineering corps, arrived in
Fresno to-day and to-night held a meet
ing with between forty and fifty owners of
property on Q and Diana streets who are
objecting to the entry of the road into the
city until they are paid damages to their
property. Vice-President Watt on behalf
of the Valley Road assured them that tne
road would not run over or injure their
property without just compensation.
He said the road wanted to come in
without making a single enemy and had
no purpose of going to law wit anybody.
He stated further that the Valley road* is
willing to leave the question of damages to
any local committee that is satisfactory to
the people of Fresno, this committee to
agree with the property-owners, and such
agreement, if at all reasonable, will be ac
cepted by the Valley road. Mr. Watt's
freindly speech had a decidedly good effect
and the prospect now is that a speedy settle
ment will be reached. The owners oi about
forty lots have already signed an agree
ment waiving all claims to damages.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 21.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $103,258,617. The
day's withdrawals at New York were $91,
--700. During the past ten days the
treasury has Tost more than $2,000,000 in
gold at San Francisco by redemption of
legal tenders.
TRAGEDY IN A MADHOUSE
Owen Clements Gets His Death
Blow at the Hands of
Carl Gustafsen.
His Skull Fractured With a Mop Be
cause He Didn't Get Out of
the Way.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 21.— 1n the
morgue at the State Asylum awaiting in
terment this evening lies the body of a
patient who was dealt his death blow day
before yesterday by another patient while
the two were in one of the wards of tbe
big building in which male lunatics are
confined. Tne particulars of tbe affair are
meager because the attendant of tbe ward
was at the further end of tbe long hallway
between the two rows of cells when the
blow was struck which sent the victim to
his death.
Tbe name of the dead man is Owen
Clements, and he was committed from
San Francisco six or eight months ago.
His slayer is Carl Gustafsen, a strapping
big fellow, who had been an inmate of the
madhouse for a year and a half.
Gustafsen was rubbing down the floor
with an implement made of a piece of a
board on a long handle, the crosspiece
beins covered with carpeting and having
on its under aide a section of rubber.
C-lements was in the habit of approaching
persons and kicking them on the shins,
and it is supposed that he did this to
Gustafsen. The latter raised the imple
ment and dealt Clements a blow on the
head which felled him unconscious to the
floor. The attendant, hearing him fall,
ran up and Gustafsen was taken into cus
tody.
An examination of the injoied man
failed to discloae the severity of the
wound, because no indentation could be
detected in the skull. Yesterday fore
noon, however, he died, and an autopsy
was held. It snowed that the skull bad
been fractured. Coroner Clark was in
formed immediately after the man's
death.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon an inquest
was held at tbe asylum in the board of
directors' room. The testimony showed
that the deceased was 43 years old and
was a native of Ireland. Both he and his
slayer were quite crazy.
E. L. Ballou, the attendant who first
discovered what had happened, testified
that he asked Gustafsen why he struck
Clements, and tbe reply was,""rie ought
to have got out of my way."
DEATH BEFORE DISGRACE
Stanley Williams Took His Em
ployer's Money and Ended
His Own Life.
Sickness and Expenses Caused Him to
Do That Which Made Him
Anxious to Die.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway, Aug. 21. )
Despondent from financial reverses and
ill health Stanley Williams took his life
early this morning.
He had suffered from Bright's disease
for five years, and with the illness of his
wife, the expense was more than he could
stand, and in a moment of weakness he
used the money that belonged to his em
ployers, and seeing that the fact must be
discovered and knowing it was impossible
40 repay the amount, he placed a revolver
to his right temple and ended his life.
Williams was a solicitor for Mau, Sadler
& Co. of San Fraucisco, having been with
them for seven years, but he had never
mentioned his troubles to any one there,
fie was an Englishman, 46 years of age,
and came to this country about ten years
ago with his wife and three children. He
was formerly in business, but reverses
came and hewent to work on commission.
The deed was committed after the fam
ily had retired for the night in the newly
built home on Leise avenue, near Hi h
street, in Fruitvale. He went to his room
and fired the fatal shot. The report and
the sound of the body falling on the floor
awakened the boys and their mother. An
investigation showed that the shot had
caused almost instant death.
F. W. Spiars of this city says Williams
came to him yesterday to get $450 to
square his accounts with the firm, and on
being told that he did not have it at hand
Williams threatened to take his life. Mr.
Spiars advised him lo go to the tirm and
explain matters, and he felt that they
would give him time to square himself.
When told that the man haa killed him
self Mr. Bpiars was greatly shocked.
Deceased carried life insurance to the
extent of ?8000, so that tne family will be
I well provided for.
WATSON'S FREEZE
DOES NOT THAW,
Democrats Masticating the
Remains of the People's
Party.
AN UNPOPULAR FUSION.
The Populist Vice-Presidential
Candidate Sacrificed to
Sewall.
VOICE OF THE PARTY PRESS.
Democracy Now Proceeding to Euchre
Its Ally on Congressmen Helped
by the S P. Co.
The sub-committee appointed by the
conference committee of the Democratic,
People's and Silver parties resumed their
session at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon in
the California Hotel. E. M. Wardall,
chairman of the People's party State Com
mittee, and John S. Dore, National Com
mitteeman, represented the Populists, M.
C. Hassett and A. Caminetti the Demo
crats and G. Cohn and W. P. Lawlor the
Silver men.
The chairman stated that the object of
the joint meeting of the above sub
committee was to make such recommenda
tions concerning the First and Third Con
gressional districts as would produce a
union of the People's and Democratic
parties in presenting a candidate for Con
gress in each of the said districts.
Mr. Wardall moved as to the Third Con
gressional District that the iollowing reso
lution be adopted:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this commit
tee that the meeting of the People's party
convention of the Third Congressional District
ought to be postponed from the 25th of August
to the 4th of September, 1896, and tbat said
convention be held that day in the city of
Vallejo; also, that the Democratic Congres
sional cons-ention of the Third District should
be held at the same time and place, in order, if
possible, that a union be effected between said
conventions in the selection of a candidate for
Congress mutually agreeable to both the
People's party and the Democratic party con
ventions. And be it further
Resolved, That a copy oi this resolution be
forwarded immediately to E. M. Wardall and
William H. Alford, chairmen respectively of
the People's party and Democratic party Sfate
Central committees, with the request that they
immediately institute such proceedings as
they may deem necessary to effect the objects
herein set iorth.
The resolutions were carried.
Mr. Dore rnoyed as to the First Con
gressional District that no action be taken
until a general plan of union on Congres
sional candidates applicable to all dis
tricts is adopted by a conference commit
tee of the Democratic, People's and Silver
parties. Carried.
Mr. Dore moved that this sub-committee
recommend to the conference committee
that provision be made for the appoint
ment of a joint committee to formulate a
plan of action providing for a union on
candidates for Congress in all the districts
of the State. Carried.
John S. Dore, A. Caminetti and W. P.
Lawlor were appointed the joint commit
tee and will meet at 10 o'clock Tuesday
morning.
The State executive committee of the
People's party will meet on Monday at
2 f. m. to consider the proposal to fuse on
electors.
John S. Dore, the People's party Na
tional committeeman who refused to ac
quiesce in the Demo-Populist fusion,
received several dispatches yesterday
from influential Populists in the San Joa
quin Valley commending him for the
stand he has taken, namely, that Bryan
and Watson are the nominees of the Peo
ple's party National Convention at St.
Louis, and that any combination with
Democrats or others that will cast the
majority of the Populist vote in any State
for gewall for Vice-President is treason to
the party.
The terms of the fusion proposed by the
Democrats last Thursday provides that
when a Populist casts bis ballot at the
polls he will give Sewall five votes and
Watson only four votes. Fortunately for
the integrity of the People's party the
fusion has not been accepted by the State
Central Committee of that organization.
It will be considered at a meeting to be
held next Monday morning, on which oc
casion Mr. Dore will file his minority re
port, which will fully set forth the reasons
which have actuated him in votins: against
a fusion which would have the effect of
depriving Thomas Watson of five out of
every nine votes.
The State Committee will hays plenty
of light on the subject before they meet,
and if they ratify the unholy marriage
they will do so with open eyes and with
full knowledge of the sentiment of the
masses of the People's party, not only in
California, but all over the rest of the
United States.
Three-fourths of the Populist organs
published in this State have protested
against the sacrifice of Thomas Watson
UDon the aitar of the ambition of National
Banker Sewall, and those newspapers are
the most influential of their class, as a
glance at the list will show :
The New Charter, San Jose, M. W. Wilkins.
Merced Daily Sun, J. Radcliffe.
Visalia News and Tulare Citizen, W. H. Gil
strop and G. P. Manchester.
Equity, Santa Barbara, Melvin Snow.
Industry, Oakland, J. C. Buttner.
Civic Review, Los Angeles, Pv. E. Curran.
Redding Searchlight, M. E. Dittmar.
The Keystoue, Fresno, George H. Malter.
Mr. Malter has left the name of the can
didate for President blank, with an inter
rogation mark at the end, and prints the
name "Thomas Watson" in big letters.
Ex-Congressman Caminetti is fearful
lest some reader of The Call might sus
pect that he said he was in favor of kicking
out Grover Cleveland and the rest of the
Democratic gang and kicking in W. J.
Bryan and the rest of the Democratic
gang. Nobody has accused Mr. Caminetti
of saying so, but he is assisting in the
work just as hard.
Advices are pouring in from all parts of
the State to the effect that Popolists and
many Democrats are declaring that they
will vote only for the four Bryan and
Watson electors, and that they will not
crucify Bryan and Sewali on their Austra
lian ballots with the red rubber stamp.
The County executive committee of the
People's party held a meeting last night
in Dr. G. W. Daywalt's office in the
Murphy building, eleven of the fifteen
memoers being present T. V. Cator,
Joseph Asbury Johnson and Dr. Day waldt
were appointed a committee on ways and
means for the campaign.
The next meeting will be held next
Monday evening.
The County Committee will meet this
evening in Mozart Hall.
It will be remembered that shortly after
the return of the Californian delegation
from St. Louis the executive committee
of the State Central Committee issued an
address to the People's party of California
in which the following occur:
It is beyond question that our convention
was almost a unit in its determination not 10
accept the Democratic Candida c for Vice-
President as our nominee. Mr. Sewall, in our
judgment, was a misfit as a candidate upon
the Chicago platform. The Chicago conven
tion undertook, by its expulsion of tne gold
ring and its nomination of Mr. Bryan, whose
sincenty seems to be estaDlished, to satisfy the
country that the record of the Democratic
party for breaking platform pledges was
ended and that hereafter it meant what it
said. The selection of Mr. Sewall does not aid
this purpose. He is president of a National
bank and has been largely connected with
corporations. Is a National banker a con
sistent candidate upon the Chicago platform,
which declares for abolishing the issue of Na
tional Dank notes?
It is said by some that Mr. Sewall may be as
thoroughly in favnr of this policy as anyone.
If this maybe so, the masses, so otten deceived
by political professions, cannot be expected to
believe it. Men are not usually opposed to
their own business, or their own interests; the
public cannot be expected to believe that they
are. If Mr. Bryan were a National banker, no
one can doubt "that he would be unable to con
vince the public that he was the man for this
time and for this platform; ought not Mr.
Sewall to come up to the same standard as Mr.
Bryan? Our convention thought so, and we
believe that the great mass of voters who are
aßked to etect the Chicago ticket think so. Our
convention wisely declined to accept Mr.
Sewall and selected a man who is a consistent
mate for Mr. Bryan and also chose as a Na
tional committee a body which is absolutely
loyal to Mr Watson and in which every .popu
list may repose full centideuce in the great
contest to be waged in this campaign.
This address was signed by the follow
ing named:
Douglass T. Fowler (chairman), M. E. Ditt
I HOW'S YOUR LIVEB? f
C? LIVEB When your liver is disordered
C you will notice the following
jr LIVER symptoms:
C "Are you irritabler'
C LIVEK "Are you nervous?"
C "Do you get dizzy?"
(I LIVEB "Have you no energy?"
C. "Is your memory poor?"
U LIVEB "Do you feel miserable?"
(T "Do you have cold feet?"
U LIVEB "Do you get tired easily?"
IZ "Do you have hot flushes?"
U LIVER "Is your eyesight blurred?"
C "Can't you explain where?"
C LIVEB "Have you pain in the back?"
C "Is your ' flesh soft and
C LIVEB flabby?"
U "Are your spirits low at
£ LIVEB times?"
U "Is there a bloating after eat-
C LIVEB ing?"
t Z "Have you pains around the
C. LIVEB loins?"
U "Do you have gurgling in
U LIVEB bowels?"
U "Do you have rumbling in
C LIVEB bowels?"
C 1 "Is there throbbing In the
U LIV.EB stomach?"
C "Do you suffer from pains in
C LIVEB temples?"
v "Do you have sense of heat in
o LIVEB bowels?"
l o "Do you have palpitation oi
l o LIVEB the heart?"
l o "Is there a general feeling of
C LIVEB lassitude?"
I "Do th<>se feelings affect your
LIVEB memory?"
ITIDYAN Cores Liver Debility.
When you are suffering from a Liver
Trouble you should use the Kemedy-
Treatment—
Hudyan.
Call or Write for Circulars.
Oirovilars J^ree — Oa.ll or "Write
| HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE §
G STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS,
Co 0 0 o Q Q HO SLQ fi & JLiLfIJULSLOJLgJLS-g. SLSLSUISLSLSLSIBJLSL2JL2. 9.g,^9.9.^JLfiJLgJLaJ
TJiE SU.NDJIY GILL;
W-^iy-
THE GREAT FAMILY NEWSPAPER.
AUGUST 33, 1886.
A Brilliant Story by a New California Writer,
"WHERE IS THE EARL OF GASKET?"
FLAMMARION, THE GREAT ASTRONOMER,
"Writes a Splendid Paper on the Companionship of the
Earth and the Planet Mars.
A HISTORY OF GENUINE BOHEMIANS IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
DISQUISITION UPON THE ART OF . THE
PRE-RAPHAELITES.
THE PSYCHIC EFFECTS OF CAMPAIGN
ORATORY.
A LIVING INDIAN WHO REMEMBERS FATHER
JUNIPERO SERRA. .
And Numberless Other Thoroughly Interesting and
Valuable Articles and Sketches ,
Profusely Illustrated.
THE SUNDAY NEWSPAPER.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
mar (secretary), Burdette Cornell, Tnomas V.
Cator, H. A. Mason, committee on addres?.
Adopted by the executive committee of the
State Central Committee of the People's party
of California this sth day of Aueust, 1896. J.
E Camp C. H. Castle. M. E. Dittmar, E. M.
Wardall. J. V. Webster, J. M. Moore, F. Hough
ton R E. Bush, A. B. Kinne, J. C. Gore, George
D Gillesnie, Carleton H. Johnson, John 8.
Dore, H. A. Mason, J. W. Keegan, members of
said executive committee. Attest: R. E. Bush,
secretary.
The question now arises: Will the
signers 01 that address indorse the fusion
attempted to be consummated whereby
the entire Populist vote of this State will
be pledged to Sewall in the proportion of
five to four for Watson ?
Will they dare to ao misrepresent their
constituents?
Resolutions were adopted indorsing
the candidacy for re-election of Police
Judge Campbel.
Sent to the Asylum.
Mrs. Lena Levin was yesterday committed
to Agnews. She is the young woman who be
came demented because of her husband de
serting her. It was the intention to hold her
waiting word from New York, where her
brother resides, but she yesterday became vio
lent in the cou troom and had to be com
mitted.
HUOYAN CURES •
lervous Debility Lost Manhood* £
Circulars Explain. o
CALL OR WRITE. °
TAINTED BLOOD. I
TAINTED BLOOD First, secondary ©
and tertiary forms «
TAINTED BLOOD of blood disorders «
are manifested by ex
TAINTED BLOOD copper-colored »J
Spots, Itching °s
TAINTED BLOOD Skin, Irritated, 3
Dry, Parched °s
TAINTED BLOOD Throat, Ulcers in «*
the Month, Fall- «>
TAINTED BLOOD in? Hair ana Bad «
Blood. When in 0
TAINTED BLOOD this condition you «
must act prompt- °
TAINTED BLOOD ly. The best to do °
is the sure 30-day o
TAINTED BLOOD cure. Call or write «
lor the <*
i 30-DAY CURE CIRCULARS, j £
HyBSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE^ |
Cor. Market and Ellis SU.
HUDYAN Is the first-known °j
specific for 3
o
Hudyan Cures i
LOST MANHOOD, o
KIDNEY DEBILITY,
NERVOUS DEBILITY, o)
LIVER DEBILITY «<
AND DISABILITIES OF MEN. 3ENDEAVORERS IN
NEW ENTHUSIASM
Well-Attended Mass-Meet
ing at the Plymouth
Congregational.
SONG AND GOOD CHEER.
Rolla V. Watt Writes of the
Vast Amount of Work to
Be Done.
ADDRESS B7 DR. £. E. KELLY.
Tel is of the Impressions Obtained by
Him While at the Last Con".
vention.
The second Christian Endeavor rally to
arouse enthusiasm in the ranks of the
Endeavorers of this City for the National
convention, to be held in tnis City in
was held last evening in the
Plymouth Congregational Church.
Every seat in the church was filled and
much interest was manifested in the ex
ercise* and the excellent addresses made.
The interior was handsomely decorated
wiih ferns aud flowers. Directly above the
altar was suspended a banner of red velvet,
on which was inscribed in letters of
white, "For Christ and His Church." The
artistic poster for the convention of '97
held a conspicuous position near the pul
pit.
The meeting was opened by a praise
service, led by J. J. Morris. This was
followed by a Scripture reading and
prayer led by J. A. Wiles.
After the singing of "Scatter the Sun
shine" by the choir. Chairman Lester B.
Smitii read the following dispatch from
Boston, signed by the treasurer and secre
tary of the United Society o; the Christian
Endeavorers:
August 21, 1896.
Letter B. Smith, San Francisco: Personal
cr etings. Under God's guidance, we are
planning great things ior next July. Hurrah
for California '97. John Willis Baer.
William Shaw.
He read also the following letter from
Holla V. Watt, chairman of the '97 com
mittee:
Helena, Mont.
Mr. Letter B. Smith, Chairman: There will be
an immense amount of work to do, and all
Endeavorers should stand ready to take a
share of it.
.\~o doubt the "Committee of '97" is already
laying deep and wide plans which will re
quire the help of all ot God's children in their
perfection.
May the Master come into every meeting to
blebs' and help, and the Holy Spirit to give
wisdom and inspiration.
"Faith without works is dead." "Show me
thy faith by thy works."
Let us be humble yet ever ready for the
duty that ialis to us. In his nttrne,
Rolla V. Watt.
Also the following communication from
Guy W. Campbell, the State president:
San Jose, Aug. 20, 1896.
Lrster Ji. Smith— Dear Brother: Permit me
to thank you for the kind invitation of Plym
outh Endeavorers.
I am receiving invitations to attend meet
ings and speak by almost every mail, and am
compelled to forego the pleasure in many in
stances. It was my great pleasure to speak to
the Golden Gate Union in Dr. Dille's church
but tjeo weeKs ago, and since the two meltings
will De compoßed very largely ot the same
young people, and there will doubtless be a
great amount ot information to be imparted
by the members of your committee of '95,
and business to be transacted of local impor
tance. I will not impose upon the good nature
ot your people by accepting your invitation to
be present and speak.
I am sure that all who are acquainted with
your committee of '97 and with the earnest
ness and enthusiasm of the Endeavorers of
San Francisco have perfect faith in the out
come of your preparations for the interna
tional convention, and it will be the aim and
purpose of the State officers to contribute ail
in their power to the success of the conven
tion by awakening such an interest among the
Endeavorers of the State that will insure their
presence in San Francisco next July.
Read i'hilippians, first chapter, verses 3,4,
5 and 6. Faithfully yours,
Gut W. Campbell.
Dr. E. E. Kelly spoke interestingly and
to some length on "Washington Impres
sions." obtained by him while attending
the Christian Endeavor convention in
that city of tbe present year.
He described the wonderful progress
made by the Christian Endeavor move
ment and said: "We believe tue great in
fluence sent out to all classes will be of
nearly as much avail for good as the ef
fort* of the church itself.
"We hope that the benefits of this con
vention will be greater than the benefits
ever received by any city in the past."
Succeeding an anthem sung by the Ply
mouth choir. J. S. Webster spoke on
"San Francisco '97."
He spoke of the correspondence Deing
received on the approaching convention
and said that many States are already
making arrangements for this event.
He shadowed forth the great benefits
that would accrue from the convention,
not only to California in general, but more
especially to San Francisco and its vicinity.
"Here, though, lies the danger. The
elevating and stimulating influences of
this great gathering are the prizes to be
looked foi ward to, not merely the mate
rial. The former will be everlasting.
"An event of this kind comes only once
in a lifetime.
"This great army of young peocle in our
State should be sowers for this great har
vest that is in fact only a time of planting
send."
This was followed by a soprano solo,
"Hosanna," sung by Miss Millie Flynn,
with violin obligato by A. Harold Kayton.
The address on "Washington Sparks"
by Rev. William Rader was omitted, ow
ing to the fact of Mr. Rader's absence in
San Jose.
The consecration address was made by
the Rev. W. D. Williams. The music by
the double choir was excellent. The mem
bers of the choir are as follows: Tenors —
H. C. Waits, T. W. Reid; baosos— J. M.
Garfield, T. E. Brooks; sopranoa— Miss N.
H. Cole, Miss Grace Cole; altos — Miss
Grace Saunders, Miss Myrtle Brooks. En
deavor choir — Tenor, George Getting;
bass, Charles J. ±*arent Jr.; soprano, Miss
Millie Flynn; alto, Mrs. J. W. Madden.
• live Inquests Held.
Coroner Haw Kins held five inquests at the
Morgue yesterday. The jury returned a ver
dict of suicide in the cases of Peter Lenno, R.
A. Dickerson and Miunie Waackhusen. The
jury was unable to determine how Arthur
Walley came to his death. Joseph Brady's
body was found in the bay August 18, but
whether his death was due to accident or de
sign the jury was unable to determine. Mrs.
liullwinkel, sister of the deceased Minnie
\Vaackhusen, wishes to state that she nolds H.
F. Lilkendey responsible for her stater's un
timely end. She says that he broke off the
engagement after a betrothal of about five
years, during which her sister asked for re
lease and had several offers of marriage.
Scottish Clans' ricnic and Games.
The committee in charce of arrangements
for the sixth annual picnic and games of the
Order of Scottish Clans met at 32 O'Farrell
street last evening. Satisfactory reports were
received from the various sub-committees. A
programme of 32 events was a iopted, for
which cash prizes amounting to $300 will be
offered. In addition to the usual athletic
sports and dancing there will be a grand con
cert oi Scotch music by Fairgreea'a band. In
vitations have been sent to all the fraternal
and social societies in this City and Oakland,
and from the sale of tickets already reported
it will be one of the biggest picnics of the
season.
THE BAPTISTS' CONVENTION.
It Is to Be Held Next Tuesday at Twin
Lakes, Santa Cruz.
The Baptists of Northern and Central
California are to meet in convention next
Tuesday afternoon at Twin Lakes, Santa
Cruz County. The convention will con
tinue until the end erf the month.
Rev. C. M. Hili of the Tenth-avenue
Church, Oakland, has been elected chair
man of the convention, and O. C. Pope oi
this City secretary.
Sessions will be held afternoon and
evening, when reports will be received
from the theological seminary, the 15. V .
P. U. and from the Women's Foreign
Mission. ,
During this convention tne Women s
Baptist Home Mission Society will hold
its annual meeting.
Last evening the members of the.tirst
Baptist Church gave a reception in this
Cnv, at their church on Eddy street, to
Rev. Mr. Brown on of Oregon, the new
president of the California College of
Highland Park.
Bogus Lottery Tickets.
For two months the police in the Western
Addition have been on the lookout tor a young
colored man who was selling bogus lottery
tickets. He was arrested last night on Larkin
and Eddy streets by Policeman Sawyer and
taken to the City Prison, where he gave the
nnme of A. K. Moore. He had just disposed of
four of. the tickets when caught. He had a
book in his possession that showed he had
disposed of over 2000 tickets.
The BloudeauM Disagree.
The wife of Frederick Blondeau of the Gail
hard Hotel has sued for divorce, alleging that
her husband has treated her cruelly and been
unfaithful. She asks for alimony and the cus
tody of their live -year-old child.
READY FOR THE RUSH,
Berkeley Juniors Give the "oo"
Men the Usual Amount of
Good Advice.
Bids on College Buildings— Libraria
Rowell's Annual Report— Protest
Against a School.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 21— The fresh
men at the university met this afternoon
for the first time since they matriculated,
effected a temporary organization and de
cided to "rash" the sop homores on next
Tuesday night. This first formal meeting
of the 00 men was full of excitement and
noteworthy incidents.
They were called together, 450 strong,
at Harmon Gymnasium by the juniors,
their traditional college friends in the
activity of college life, who gave them
sage advice as to the ways they should go,
aud what it would mean to them if they
should come out victors in the coming
rush.
P. N. Newhall, who served as chair man
of the junior ciass in the absence of Presi
dent Dorn, calleil the freshmen together.
After he had finished his introductory
speech James Oliver took the platform
and dealt out a good portion of wisdom,
such as freshmen need. He was fol
lowed by Track Captain Brown, who
talked for twenty minutes on athlet
ics and debating. Philip Thayor ad
vised the 00 men not to paint the
fences, and J, A. Young admonished them
to rusn hard wnen they ran against the
sophomores.
The election of temporary officers and
the fixing of a date for the interclass battle
followed.
W. Boutwell Dunlap of Sacramento, a
freshman of more than ordinary avoirdu-
I pois and with a stentorian voice, was
elected chairman. He walked on tsis
crutches to the platform and proceeded
to handle the audience, which by this
time had become much worked up, in
true California State Legislature style.
When the crowd became too noisy ho
rapped on the railing with his crutch or
pounded it on the floor.
W. M. Davis of Belmont was chosen
temporary secretary.
The class decided upon next Tuesday
evening, when the moon is full, as the
time for their big rush. Throughout the
meeting excitement was at a high pitch.
Cheers were frequent and prolonged,
j and when the meeting was over the largest
class that ever entered the State Uni
versity went out with full confidence of
beating the sophomores on Tuesday night
and thus emulate the glory of the class
of 98.
Affiliated Colleges.
Bids for work on the proposed new
Affiliated Colleges buildings were received
today at Berkeley by the committee on
buildings and grounds, consisting of Re
gents J. West Martin, John E. Budd and
J. B. Reinstein, in whose hands lies the
award of contracts lor labor. Seventy
seven bids were received for the seven
kinds of work indicated in the proposal
issued by the board.
Following are the kinds of work to be
done, for which sealed bids were called:
First — For the masonry work, including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work,
and all necessary excavations and fillings.
Second— For the iron work.
Third— For the carpenter, plastering, elec
tric and glazing work. .
Fourth— For the plumbing and gasfitting
work.
Fifth— For the heating work.
Sixth— For the tinning, galvanized iron and
slating work.
Seventh— For the paint and graining work.
About fifty contractors representing the
different house-building trades from dif
ferent parts of the State were present at
the call ior estimates. The bids were so
numerous that it was quite impossible to
tell accurately whether the sum total of
the lowest ones came under the $250,000
appropriation, but it is believed that they
•will fall considerably under that mark.
The committee of the board will take
several days in which to decide upon the
awards.
■Librarian's Annual Report.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 21.— Librarian
Rowell of the State University completed
his annual report to-day, and sent it to
President Keilo.'g, who will pass upon it
prior to its publication in the annual re
port of Secretary Bonte. The report
shows that at the present time official rec
ord is made of 63,475 books, 3023 of which
have been received since June, 1895.
During the year of 1895-98 3629 visitors
were received in the Bacon Art Gallery,
and since its establishment in 1882 53,507
visitors have entered it.
The librarian makes a strong plea for
donations of books and tbe increasing of
the endowment, stating that the income
of the Reese fund is only large enough to
supply books for a village library. Not
more than one-tenth of the desirable
books issued from the press can be bought
because of lack of funds.
Don't Want the Building.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 2L— The resi
dents of South Berkeley have sent forth
loud protests in the last few days against
the selection by the Board of Education of
a buiiding on Ashlev avenue, formerly
occupied as a plumbing-shop, to be used
as a schoolroom. Their protests are based
on what they claim the insanitary con
dition of the building, its thin walls and
its uninviting appearance in general. Tae
matter will probably be brought betore the
board at their next meeting.
Co- Eds Received.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 21.— The young
lady members of the class of 00 at the
State University were tendered an in
formal reception this afternoon at Stiles
Hall by the members of the college Y. M.
C. A. About 150 were present.
Fob the latest political news read Barry's
Star. * |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
A CHRISTIAN HOME
FOR PAGAN MAIDS,
Two Rescued Chinese Girls
in the Methodist
Mission.
ONE AN ATLANTA ESCAPE
At First They Feared They
Would Be Poisoned and So
Refused to Eat.
A LEGAL FIGHT PROBABLE.
Mrs. Hull Will Meet Opposition in Her
Endeavor to Secure Guardian
ship Letters.
Two of the three young and pretty Chi
nese maids, Tsoi Yee and Yuit Heung,
who were rescued from a Bartlett-street
den of vice Thursday evening are still
Toy Gum, Alias Tsoi Yee, and Yuit Hcung, Who Were Rescued From a
Bartlett-Allcy Den Last Thur-day Evening.
sheltered by the Methodist Chinese Mis
sion. The third, Yee Sing, has returned
to her life cl shame, the slave of Wong
Fook.
Immediately after the girls were taken
from the den by F. H. Holbrook and his
assistants they were removed to the mis
sion-bouse. It was evident that Yee Sing
was of age and her own guardian, conse
quently she could not be detained against
her wish.
The Christian converts of the mission
determined, however, that they would
coax her to remain with them. They
labored and petted her for half an hour,
but without result, and she wa3 finally al
lowed to go back to her old life.
"Yee Sing had no faith in me," said
Mrs. Hull last evening, "and even after I
had taken her out into the street she asked
me over and over again whether I was go
ing to cheat her and take her to the wrong
place. We took her to the mission home,
but were unable to allay her fears. I knew
it would not do to restrain her by force so
I took her back to Bartlett alley."
Tsoi Yee or, as Mr. Holbrook believes
h* to be, Toy Gum, one of the Atlanta
Exposition escapes, is, from an Oriental
standpoint, a beamy. She is a mere child
in years, and, although her owner alleges
that she is of age, the peculiar fashion she
uses in arranging her hair in a coil over
her right ear, the Chinese emblem of
youth, disproves this statement.
Both Tsoi Yee and Yuit Houng are be
coming accustomed to their new home. At
first they cried a good deal, but they soon
became contented. Chinese girls have
been taught for years by their owners that
they would be tortured if captured.
They expect to be poisoned or beaten
and otherwise abused, consequently it is
not to be wondered at when they cry and
fight on their arrival at the mission.
The young girls appeared to be satisfied
with their surroundings, and ate the food
placed before them last evening. During
the day they refused to eat, but as they
were tieated with the utmost kindness
and were not beaten or abused as they ex
pected to be, their fears departed by de.
greea, and they accepted the food offered
them.
Tsoi Yee is said to be valued at $2000,
and it is expected that her owners will
make strenuous efforts to recover her.
S^e still wears her rich silken and em
broidered garments, her golden rings and
bracelets and her dainty golden slippers.
If Mrs. Hull succeeds in obtaining letters
of guardianship her barbarous garments
will be taken from ncr and she will be
clothed in a gown becoming a Christian
girl. _ _________^__^
No Moi-p Late Cars.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.—Consterna
tion reigns in East OaKland among those
who have occasion to visit San Francisco
and return on the last train at night.
One after another ot the electric-car
lines have dropped off a car or two during
the late hours, and now notices have been
published that none of the companies will
run cars to connect with the last train
from the city. This rule will go into effect
on September 1 and will cause no end ot
inconvenience to theater-goers and others
who come home on that train.
Permanent Quarters.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— The Ex
empt firemen's Association of this city
has" leased the first floor of the Lafferty
building, at Clay and Sixth streets, and
will hereafter occupy it as permanent
headquarters. The old hand engine Vigi
lant was moved there to-night and a formal
housewarming will be given in tne near
future.
Died at Dutch Flat.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 2L— Mrs. Flor
ence E. £doff, wife of James P. Edoff,
president of the California Protective Asso
ciation, died this morning at Dutch Flat,
Placer County, whither she had gone with
her husband in the hope that it would
benefit her health. She leaves a family of
three children. The funeral will be held
Sunday at 2 p. M. from the residence, 913
Grove street, in this city.
Henry Kroll'i Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— Henry
Kroll, one ot the best known and mo>t
highly respected German citizens of this
city, died this morning at his home, 1301
Eighth street. He was 89 years of age, and
had resided in this city fifteen years. The
funeral will be held Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock from the German Church.
Offers a Reward.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— J. Q. Poor
man brands the writer of the postal card
to Judge Greene, wherein he is charged
with evading jury duty by perjuring him
self, as an "infamous liar," and offers a re
ward of $50 to any one that will give in
formation as to the writer's identity.
Bernal Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— John Ber
nai. charged with shooting Richard Foley
at the residence of Mrs. fearah Alviso, in
Pleasanton, on the morning of November
18 last, was acquitted in the Superior
Court to-day. The shooting was not de
nied, but it was claimed Foley was mis
takenfor a tramp.
Republican Rally.
LIVER MO RE, Cal., Aug. 21. — The
grand Republican ratification meeting
and opening of the campaign ia this sec
tion of the county is to be held in the
Farmers' Union Theater on Saturday
evening, September 5. The event will be
quite an affair, as the best speakers to be
obtained will be in attendance.
SEQUEL TO A LIBEL SUIT.
Board of Trade Ccmmiltes Will
Visit Elitor High of the
Times-Item.
Will Try to Persuade Him to Cease
His Present Methods of Express
ing His Opinions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 21. j
The regular monthly meeting of the
board of directors of the Board of Trade
was held in the exposition building this
afternoon.
Some routine business was transacted,
and tben the following resolution was
read:
The undersigned memßers of the board-of
directors of the Oakland Board of Trade call
attention to the lollowins; facts, to wit:
That one Gavin Dhu High, publisher of what
is known as the Oakland Times and Evening
Item, appears upon the roll of membership of
the aforesaid Oakland Board of Trade.
That the said Gavin Dhu High has been con
victed by a jury of the crime of libel, and duly
sentenced therefor.
That the victim of High's crime is William
J. Dingee. one of Oakland's best and most pro
gressive citizens, who is now being personally
villifltfd in the said publications, and who
does not deserve the untrue and vicious at
tacks, and we believe that the time has ar
rived to place the stamp of our disapproval
upon the said Hiph's conduct, and we ask that
a meeting of the directors of the Board of
Trade be had at once to expel from the associ
ation the said Gavin Dhu High.
A. H. Breed said he did not believe in
such attacks upon Oakland interests, but
so far as the personal matter between High
and Dincee was concerned he was not in
favor of taking any action. He was will
ing to be one of a committee to ask High
to desist from publishing anything detri
mental to the interests! of Oakland.
Mr. Keller said he did not care to enter
into a personal matter between High and
Dingee, but he was willing to atand up for
Oakland against ah comers.
On motion of A. D. Pr.yal a committee
of three was appointed to see Mr. High
and request him, as a member of the
board, to desist from attacks upon Oak
land's interests. The committee consists
of President James P. Taylor, A. D. Pryal
and A. H. Breed. The committee will ap
peal to the Merchants' Exchan c to unite
with them to stop Mr. High's methods.
A letter from Congressman Grove L.
Johnson was read, in which he promised
his support to any measure presented by
Congressman Hilborn looking to the im
provement of the Oakland harbor.
Students' Congress Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 21.— The Stu
dents' Congress at the State University
held a meeting to-day, at which the fol
lowing new officers tor the year were
elected: Speaker, E. H. Rubottom; clerk,
J. W. Leegett; treasurer, F. Poehe.
A committee was appointed to draft a
set of resolutions to be presented to James
D. Phelan, thankins him for his gener
osity in presenting $500 to the department
of argumentation at the State University.
Scotland has an area of 29,820 square
miles.
WAR AGAINST
THE NEWSBOY.
Not to Get On or Off Street
cars While They Are
in Motion.
TRADE CHANNEL CLOSED
Market-Street Railway Company
Has Issued Thousands
of Copies.
THEY BITTERLY COMPLAIN
Youthful Bread-Makers Assert That
the New Law Has Diminished
Their Receipts.
The useful newsboy, the youngster who
sells his papers on the street and who is
often the only support of infirm or aged
parents, is again the victim of adverse leg
islation.
This time It is the Board of Supervisors
which, presumably at the instance of the
Market-street Railway Company, recently
passed an ordinance prohibiting boys from
getting on or off streetcars while in mo
tion. That great corporation has evi
dently determined to crush the young
bread-makers who took such a prominent
part in the transfer war.
It would not be quite as severe on the
newsboys if they were only prohibited
from getting on the car while it was in
motion, but many of them complain that
the conductors, on the strength of this
ordinance, even refuse to give them an
opportunity to enter the car when it is at
a standstill.
In consequence one of th c channels of
newsboys' trade is completely closed.
Their income is reduced, and meager as it
was prior to the passage of the ordinance,
it is now considerably less.
The ordinance which Is causing the
complaint among the news-sellers is as
follows:
: MAKKET-SREET RAILWAY COMPANY. :
Notice is hereby given that Order No. 1694 :
: of the Board of Supervisors of San Francisco ;
: makes it unlawful for boys to get on or off :
: streetcars wt. lie in motion. ;
: Any boy violating said order la liable to :
: arrest, tine and imprisonment.
The Market-street Railway Company
has issued thousands of copies of the or
dinance, printed on small slips of card
board, to the streetcar conductors. In
turn the conductors distribute them to
the newsboys. A boy with a bundle of
papers will swing ou a passing car for the
purpose of gathering in, it possible, a
stray nickel. Before he has time to thor
oughly brace himself on the car, however,
he is banded a copy of the ordinance.
The car is either stopped to allow him
to get off or he swings off while it is in
motion. He therefore loses in all proba
bility a n.ckel or so, and in addition
plainly violates one of the clauses in tbe
ordinance. He has jumped from a car, as
he has been used to do for years, and is a
transgressor of the law liable to fine and
imprisonment.
A prison is a miserable place in the
newsboy's mind, and in case of arrest but
few can .pay a tine, and consequently the
cell is the only alternative.
The youngsters are very bitter against
tbe new ordinance, or at least against its
new phase, which results in his having a
printed card placed in his hand instead of
a nickel in exchange for nis paper. But
they are powerless to prevent it; they are
all poor and young and incapable of com
batting the millions of a railroad corpora
tion.
DEWEY QUICKLY GOBBLED.
From tbe Fourth Kstate, August 13.
The Fourth Estate exclusively an
nounced in its last issue the resignation of
John C. Dawey, for nearly fourteen years
identified with J. H. Bates' and Lyman D.
Morse's advertising agencies.
Mr. Dewey's valuable services have been
quickly secured under a liberal offer mnde
by the Bates-Whitman Company, adver
tising specialists, whose business already
requires the entire fourteenth floor space
of the Vanderbilt building. Both parties
are receiving congratulations on the for
mation of the new relations.
John C. Dewey was born "in the fifties"
in New Haven. In 1878 he entered the ad-
John C. Dewey.
vertising business and quickly found a
place near the "top," which he has since
maintained, being most of the time with
J. H. Bates ana his successor, Lyman D.
Morso. Last week he resigned with the
intention of entering the general advertis
ing agency field on his own account, as
stated in this paper.
Probably J. C. Dewey has placed to ad
vantage of the advertiser contracts to as
large an amount and has made as many
friends and as few enemies as any
other person in the business. "J.
C., as many advertising men term
him, is said to have possessed ■ the
happy faculty of "turning down" a so
licitor and yet permitting the latter to
leave with a feeling in his mind as though
he had parted with his best friend.
Mr. Dewey intends to open his desk
with the Bates-Whitman Company in the
near future, as soon as Mr. Morse can
spare hiM. .__*«. ,
Irving Bf. Dewey, a youneer brother of
John P., ;md another old-timer, will con
linue to "manipulate the rate market" ior
Mr. Morse.
T hare are 2388 different kinds of veloci
pedes.
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
Grand Concert at 8 O* Clock To-Night.
The Emporium.
San Francisco, August 21, 1896. (8
Unparalleled Price-Cutting |
on Men's Fine Suits. |
— V r~7**j / \ \ '
$8.45. $8.45. $8.45.
Gentlemen's 7 J B Gentlemen's Sack and Frock Suits — all that
Clothing. remain of the great stock that we opened up 3
with three months ago — in values up to $15 — (S
have been marked to close out within the next week at (ffl
$8.45 Suit.
Others offer suits as low as $5, but not suits that I
Gentlemen like to wear. These suits at $8.4^ are «
made of all-wool fabrics, handsomely lined and I
trimmed, cut in the prevailing style. There are pretty /
overplaids and mixtures and solid color effects — |
Grays, Tans, Browns, Blue and Black. We have sold |
hundreds of these suits at $is, and the buyers got
their moneys worth. Yours now to close at $8.45. J
Sale ends Saturday evening, August 29th. |
I
Men's $1.25 Gloves— 9sc.
Men's Fine Dog Skin Gloves,
one of the best-known makes,
in the newest shades of Tan,
Brown, Brick and Ox-Blood
Reds ; also, Black ; handsomely
stitched backs in contrasting
colors, NOW on Special Sale at
95c a Pair.
See Window Displays.
SAYS SUTER IS IN ERROR
Street Superintendent Denies the
Sewerage System Is Depend
ent on Oakland Harbor.
Chairman Forderer Wants the Tax
Levy to Be $i—This Will Require
the Pruning-Knife.
AL,AMEDA, Cal., Aug. 21.— Street
Superintendent Frodden says that Colonel
Suter is in error when he says the sewage
from Alameda contaminates the tidal
canal, and that it is dependent on the
tidal canal and tbe Oakland harbor.
"The sewage of Alameda," he said,
"does not approach the canal within a
mile, and the system is not at all depend
ent on the harbor of Oakland. It ie only
a question of diverting the outlet of two
sewers in this city and to carry them to
the channel south of the city, or beyond
the marsh at the West End into deep
water.
"The system of the city is in no way de
pendent on the harbor of Oakland, nor
does the sewage contaminate the water in
the canal. The tanneries in East Oakland
are th^ cause of the stench on both sides
of the Park-street bridge, as I have always
maintained. There is no way of flushing
the harbor or the canal save by cutting
tin- canal through to San Leandro Bay, as
originally devised."
The Next Tax Levy.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 21.— A good deal
of speculation is being indulged in by in
terested parties as to what the next levy
will be fixed at by the City Trustees. All
the members are anxious to keep it as low
as possible, but they are met with a con
siderable reduction of nearly a million
dollars in the assessment, and the fact that
municipal bonds amounting to over $6000
have to be paid off this year. The present
outlook is for the levy to be fixed at $1 10.
Chairman Forderer holds, however, that
the tax should not be over $1 and is work
ing towarrt that end.
If the $1 limit be determined on the
pruning-knife will be applied to all de
partments in the city government with a
possible shrinkage in salaries as a conse
quence.
Preparing for Admission Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 21.— The Native
Sons belonging to Halcyon Parlor have
adopted the uniform and style of badge
they will wear at the celebration of Ad
mission day in Stockton. '
The badge will be a white ribbon on a
purple baud of silk, edtred with silver bul
lion fastened by a silver bear pin. The
uniform is to consist of alight tennis coat,
neglige shirt, dark trousers, straw hat and
necktie-bow with flowing ends. Every
member is to carry an umbrella.
The headquarters of the parlor will be at
tiie Monterey House, corner of Butter and
Main streets.
The Health Officer's Cow.
ALAMEDA, Cal, Aug. 21.— The Health
Special Sale Men's Cash-
mere Underwear — 75c. J
500 dozen Men's Vicuna (p
Cashmere SHIRTS and DRAW- ji
ERS, full finished, medium fcl
weight. Regular $1.25 gar- |J
ments. On sale THIS WEEK at £
75c Each. %
Officer, Dr. McLean, has had a complaint
filed against him in tbe City Trustees' of*
tice charging him with keeping a cow that
is a nuisance to all the neighbors around.
The said cow starts in to bellow at th 9
setting of the sun and keeps it up contin
uously to the rising of the same, prevent
ing the neighbors from sleeping.
The complaint is signed by Carl
Bruntsch, Emil Meyer, Addison Barrett,
E. A. Vining and 0. E. Peck, who claim
they have repeatedly requested Dr. Mc-
Lean to afford them some relief.
Brief News Items.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 2L— The Hil
born delegation elected from Alameda
Township will leave for Vallejo to-morrow
by the 7 o'clock boat, and expects to re
turn home the same evening.
Mrs. May Fink of Alameda has peti
tioned to be appointed guardian of her
nephew, Sydney Kelley, an orphan, aged
14 years, wno has $1100 due him from the
Widows' and Orphans' Aiu Association of
the San Francisco Police Department.
The tug of war between tbe married and
single members of the Verein Germania
will be the great attraction at its midsum
mer night festival next Sunday.
PRISON GATE HOME FARM
The Salvation Army Likely to
Receive a Donation of
Land.
The Balvation Army is in a fair way to
receive a donation which will aid it ma
terially in its rescue work. A wealthy
friend of the army holds a mortgage upon
300 acres of farm land under high cultiva
tion and provided with a number of dwell
ing-houses, barns and outbuildings. The
property is locatea near Lafayette, in the
San Ramon Valley, above Martinez. The
mortgage will run out on the Ist of 'Octo
ber, ana if the land is not redeemed by
that date a foreclosure will be taken and
tbe property donated to the army for a
prison-gate home.
Adjutant McFee, who has charge of the
prison work of the army, is jubilant at the
prospect of getting a place in which to
receive discharged prisoners and prepare
them for re-entry into the world of work
ingmen. At the same time ne is not
counting his chickens before they are
hatched.
"I don't feel like making any plans,"
he said last night," until i know for cer
tain that tbe farm is going to come into
our possession. Once it is ours, we shall
get to work without delay and I hope
make the institution self-supporting.
"We have several capable farmers in our
ranks, notably one man from Kentucky,
who is a perfect encyclopedia of practical
and theoretical knowledge on the subject.
These men will have tbe place in charge,
and if they do not make a success of it
nobody can. Bat we must get the place
before we can make plans for its manage
ment. The coming Ist ot October will
settle the business one way or the other,
I hope and trust, in our favor."
56
Wilt '. WSI
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION ' RATES-Po»t«r« Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, fix months, by mall.. 8.00
Cany and Bunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Pally and Sunday Cam, on* month, by mall.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by it«'.l J.BO
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you ROlng to the country on a vacation? If
*•. It is no trouble for m to forward THE CALL to
your addresi. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Ma!n-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone M»ln-1574
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open nntQ
t:SO o'clock.
850 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark in street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
fe\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open ,
entll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
US Mmh street; open until B o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE^
£08 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE
ftootns 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOI/TZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY AUGUST 22, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOX PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or OHIO
FOR TICF-PREBIDENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
Et-KCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Bryan can only say of his invasion of
the East: "I came, I saw and I decided to
quit."
It seems Bryan ha decided to let Sewall
and Watson light i. out between them
selves.
There is no longer a Solid South, and
Bryan hasn't even that much of a base to
build on.
You never hear of a Business Man's
Bryan Club nor of a Workingman's Free
trade Ciub.
The Democrats will never dodge the
tariff issue until they succeed in dodging
the country.
Paying wages in 50-cent dollars may
suit the free-traders, but it won't suit the
workingmen.
Since the action taken by the gold Dem
ocrats of Kentucky we may count that
State for McKinley.
If there were nothing else to drive Popu
lists from the Bryan camp. Democratic
trickery would do it.
There is really no chance for Democrats
this year. The people are not going to
vote for another panic.
The gold Democrats of Kentucky have
not put up much of a platform, but it will
do as a roost for Carlisle.'
The unemployed men of this country
demand work and wages, and Democracy
tells them that isn't an issue.
After three years of Democratic condi
tions, what tbe average man needs most is
a cbance to earn some money.
Sewall's son has come out for McKinley,
and it seems the old man cannot carry
his family, much less his State.
The best campaign literature of the can
vass has been furnished by McKinley in
his short speeches to workingmen.
The So-day Call of to-morrow will be
full of good things, and the way to make
sure of getting it is to leave orders for it
to-day.
So far from talking this year about
"opening the world's market," the aver
age Democrat would wait around a block
to avoid hearing of it.
The Democrats were as enthusiastic for
Cleveland four years ago as they are now
for Bryan, and in four years more they
will be denouncing Bryan as they now
denounce Cleveland.
The plan of fusion devised between the
Democrats and the Populisti of this State
puts a very thin coating on the Sewall
pill, and it will take a very tough-throated
Populist to swallow it.
When the Democrats enacted the Wil
son tariff they put a tariff issue before this
country that will stay there as long as
that mill-closing, deiicit-making measure
remains on the statute- books.
There never was a statesman in this
country in closer touch with workingmen
than William McKinley, nor one more
keenly interested in advancing their work,
their wages and their welfare.
The difficulty in the way of fusion be
tween Democrats and Populists is that the
Democrats wish to be trusted in every
thing and the Populists know them too
well to trust them in anything.
The veterans of the Grand Army may be
relied upon to know what is the best for
the Republic they fought to save, and
nearly every one of them is a supporter of
McKinley and the Republican party.
As Boston papers are noted for the
classic accuracy of their epithets, it is
worth while calling attention to the state
ment of the Herald of that city that
Bryan's New York speech was "a fizzle."
Four years ago the Democrats promised'
that if Cleveland were elected wheat would
rise to $1 25 per bushel, and as it is now
worth 50 cents the farmers can very easily
figure out just what a Democratic promise
is worth.
From all parts of tbe West and South
come reports of thi unwillingness of Dem
ocrats to deal fairly with the Populists
and the Teller Republicans, and an a con
sequence the chances of fusion grow
weaker every day.
A new weekly. The Linguist, has just
been launched in this City, and is to be
published in English, Spanish, Italian
ana Slavonian. The initial number, which
has just been issued, presents a good ap
pearance and gives promise of developing
into an important and useful periodical to
» large number of readers.
THE PLAN OF FUSION.
The plan of fusion by which the Demo
cratic leaders of this State hope to capture
the Populist vote for Bryan has at last
been made public. It proposes an elect
oral ticket on which there are to be five
Democrats pledged to Bryan and Sewall
and four Populists pledged to Bryan and
Watson. The Populist who votes the
ticket will therefore give five votes for
Sewall to four for Watson, and will help
to put the millionaire banker above the
farmer in the vote of the Electoral College.
Whether this form of fusion will be sat
isfactory to *ny large number of Popu
lists remains to be seen. Certainly it will
not be pleasing to those earnest men who
have made the party what it is and who
care more for principle- than for the spoils
of office. This was made manifest by the
action of John S. Dore, one of the Popu
list members of the conference committee,
who positively refused to approve tbe pro
posed plan of fusion and stood out with
unshaken loyalty for the ticket which the
Populists at the St. Louis convention had
offered to the country.
There can be no question that the Popu
lists at the St. Louis convention went as
far as self-respecting men could do toward
establishing a system of co-operation with
Democracy during the campaign. They
placed at the head of their ticket the head
of the Democratic ticket. They fashioned
their platform as near to that of the
Democrats as could be done without
making it a travesty on Populism. In re
turn for this they asked only that the
Vice-Presidency should be given to the
Populists. They named as their candi
date for that oilice a man who, to say the
least of it, is more eminent in politics
than Sewall, and has cut a far greater fig
ure in National affairs. No breath of
scandal or suspicion assails the character
of Watson or nis reputation for honesty
and honor either in public or private life,
and no objection therefore on the score of
personal fitness can be urged by the sup
porters of Bryan against the acceptance
of the Populist candidate for the second
place on the ticket.
If it had been the intention of the Demo
cratic leaders to deal in any way fairly
with the Populists and the Teller Repub
licans they would long ere this have
shown some willingness to accept tbe
generous terms of co-operation offered
them at St. Louis. If Sewall cared for the
cause more than for bis own prestige and
for the notoriety the campaign will bring
him he would at once have stepped aside
gracefully and made way for the leaders
of his party to accept the St. Louis plan of
fusion. This would have brought about a
co-operation of the two parties in a spirit
of temporary harmony, and might have
given tbe combination a chance of success
at the polls.
Trder no circumstances is a permanent
alliance between Democracy and Populism
possible. They might combine for a cam
paign, but they could not unite to conduct
a government. Even on the silver ques
tion the views of the two parties are only
seemingly in agreement. This fact Has
been well known to the abler leaders of
both parties, and has made them half
hearted in their efforts at fusion. No true
union can be brought about, and the best
thing the Populists can do is. to put up a
ticket of their own and make a straight
fight for the principles they believe in.
HOW TO MAKE $100,000,000.
There is a plank in the platform of the
Republican party which should be of deep
interest to the farmers. It says: "Tbe
Republican party favors such protection
as will lead to the production on Ameri
can soil of all the sugar which tbe American
people use, and for which we are sending
abroad annually more than ?100,000,000 to
foreign countries."
The meaning of this declaration is that
the $100,000,000 which we send abroad
every year to pay for sugar should go into
the pockets of American farmers. There
are localities that are not favorable to the
growing of sugar material, but they are
not many; besides, if localities which are
so adapted were encouraged to raise sugar
beets more especially the regions in which
grain is more indigenous to the soil would
have less competition, and hence all agri
culturists would be materially benefited.
The soil of California is well adapted to
sugar beets, and were the industry ex
tended to the utmost a very large percent
age of the 5100,000,000 now going abroad
annually to pay for sugar would be dis
tributed among the farmers of this State.
Moreover large production of sugar in Cal
ifornia would stimulate all manufacturing
enterprises in which sugar enters as one of
the materials, such as in fruit preserving.
And, again, the tendency of sugar-beet
culture would be to cut large tracts of land
into small farms, which would add very
materially to the population by immigra
tion.
With so much additional money thrown
into Ibe avenues of business there would
be increased activity in every line of trade,
and it would be permanent. That is to
say, if the sugar-beet industry in this State
were developed to its uttermost, not only
would the annual volume of general busi
ness be greatly increased, but it would be
a permanent eain. However, all this is
contingent upon a system of protection
and bounty laws, such as is promised by
tbe Republican party, and, it may be said,
the only way to make California a great
sugar-producing country is for the people
to approve the St. Louis platform by elect
ing Major McKinley, for Mr. Bryan is on
record as saying that he reparda the en
couragement of sugar-beet culture by pro
tection and bounty as little better than
highway robbery.
THE REVOLT.
The so-called gourd-money wing of the
Democratic party is developing surprising
numerical strength in all the States. It
is now claimed that at least forty-two of
the States will be represented in the
Indianapolis convention, but it is not
cerUin that a ticket will be nominated.
The sentiment appears to be growing that
the convention should declare the plat
form and candidates of the Chicago con
vention are anti - Democratic, and then
call upon Democrats everywhere to give
their support to McKinley as the safest
and surest way to release their own party
from the grasp of the Altgelds. It is
claimed by some of the leaders that every
true Democrat could better afford to sup
port their old enemy, the Republican
party, for this one time than to let the
Altgelds get permanent control of the
machinery of the party, which Bryan's
election would give them.
Colonel Breckinridge voiced the senti
ments of the anti- Bryan Democracy in his
Louisville speech last Thursday when he
said "the duty of the Democratic party is
to defeat Bryan." It is a curious state of
things when a party sets out to defeat it
self, but there is lo doubt at ail that the
Chicago convention tried to turn the
party 'B back upon the principles and tra
ditions of the party and depart as far as
possible from all former declarations.
The strongest argument that is made
against Democrats supporting Bryan is
the admission of the regularity oi the Chi
cago convention coupled with the denial
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
of the right of the convention to pledge
the members of the party to principles
which the Democracy came into existence
to battle against. k
The Louisville gatherine was made up
of "the old wheel horses" of the party,
and its action is the equivalent of an ad
mission that Kentucky will give her elec
toral vote to McKinley. But tbe same
determination of the old-line Democrats
xn Kentucky to defeat Bryan not only pre
vails among the old leaders of tbe party in
all the States, but it is growing stronger
among the rank and file everywhere. A
fortnight ago even those who were the bit
terest in their opposition to the nominees
of the Chicago convention were not very
outspoken, but the fashion now is for one
to go out of his way to denounce plattorm,
candidates and all the other work of the
convention. If the sentiment against
Bryan in his own party keeps growing he
will scarcely get 20 per cent of the elec
toral vote. It is noticeable that very few
of the distinguished and influential men
of the party are favorable to his election.
CHAIRMAN JONES ANGRY.
Chairman Jones of .Bryan's managing
committee says he has made the discovery
that the Chicago newspapers under favor
able circumstances can print falsehoods.
The trouble with Jones is nearly all the
great Democratic dailies are urging the
people to defeat Bryan. Had only a few
bolted the nomination it would be differ
ent, but when BUDstantially the party's
entire press insists that the election of the
party's candidate would be the greatest
calamity that could happen the people
there must be something very rotten and
very dangerous in such candidacy.
Jones, by command of the Bryan family
and contrary to his own best judgment,
has removed the National Committee's
headquarters to Chicago, where every
newspaper of consequence is opposing his
candidate's election. Naturally he is not
quite as happy as he would like to be, but
what is more distressing is the admission
the removal makes that the entire East is
sure for Major McKinley and that Bryan's
only hope lies in carrying the West and
South. "Claim everything" was Jones'
original programme, and with such a dec
laration for the rallying and booming cry
Washington would be tbe natural head
quarters, but he had to yield to the "un
developed and emotional young man,'
and in his wrath he pilches into the news
papers. .
But the anti-Bryan newspapers do not
need to lie, nor do they need to tell more
than half of the calamities that would
fall upon the country were Bryan elected,
to give the people enough eye-openers to
let them pee for themselves that Mr.
Bryan is trying to bring about a collision
between labor and capital. One-half the
opposition of the man to everything
that is calculated to protect farmer, wage
earner, mill, factory, ahop and society
against hostile invasion of their rights is
ail that need be told to make all true
Americans take up arms (the ballot)
against him. It is the truth and not the
falsehoods which the Chicago newspapers
are telling that hurts Chairman Jones'
feelings. Mr. Jones was a proud, stiff
necked Southern Bourbon Democrat until
he fell in with Tillman, Bryan and Alt
geld, and he is making tne mistake of
running a Popocratic campaign on lines
he used to employ when he was shouting
for John C. Breckinridge.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
There will be plenty of good reading in
to-morrow's edition of The Call to please
everybody. It will cover Bnbjects in which
all are interested in tbe most attractive
and pleasing manner and be profusely
illustrated.
"Where is the Earl of Gasket?" is the
title of a brilliant story by a new Califor
nia writer. It is amusing in tone and
every line is interesting.
"The Companionship of the Harth and
the Planet Mars" is the translation of a
highly interesting paper from the pen of
the great French astronomer, Flammarion.
"A History of Genuine Bohemians in
San Francisco" is a story about people
you are sure to know.
A living Indian who saw Father Juni
pero Serra is tbe story of one of the oldest
men in California and who, when over 70
years of age, acted as General Vallejo's
body servant.
"The Art of the Pre-Raphaelites" is an
account of the greatest art movement that
ever took place in England.
"The Psychic Effects of Campaign Ora
tory" must be read to be appreciated.
All the departments that have added so
much to the interest of The Sunday Call
will be fully up to tbe high standard al
ready established. Remember that noth
ing; will please your Eastern friends better
than a copy of The Sunday Call.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THOSE JAPANESE STEAMSHIP LINES
Why Not Deal as Liberallly With Oub
Own Citizens as With Foreigners?
To tlie Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear
Sir: The officials of the various Japanese
steamship lines which are about to absorb the
trade of the Pacific Ocean must feel inwardly
a contempt for the business acumen and pat
riotism of the people of this country when
every seaDort on this coast has bowed down
before them and impiored them with cringiug
mien to make it a terminal point.
They came, no doubt, prepared to find our
people antagonistic to foreign invasion. In
stead, they ti mi that they have only to ask— or
rather, demand — what they want and boards
of trade, chambers of commerce, etc. . tumble
over one another in their haste to outdo each
other lv their offers.
Is it possible that we cannot see the danger
when its presence is thrust before our eyes in
such an unmistakable fashion? Are we so
blind to our own future as to supplement the
efforts of the Japanese to control the trade of
the Pacific Ocean by welcoming them without
stretched hands? Yet we are crying for pro
tection against their industries; we are trying
to blow hot and cold in the same breath. Can
not we realize that w« ere, by our present at
titude toward thess steamship companies
hammering nails into a coflin to bury the last
vestige of American merchant marine on the
Pacific Ocean? For God's sake, let us get off our
knees and stan3 up like men. If we.have any
bonuses to pay or cargo to guarantee or free
docks or lrtie anything to offer— offer it to
American owners. Plead with our own Gov
ernment to counteract the action of tbe Jap
anese empire by dealing as liberally with our
own citizens in the matter of subsidies. Give
our sailors a chance to live, or our boys a
chance to live as sailors. Keep the freight
money to spend in this country: srlve our ship
yards a show, and don't let this century go out
with the Japanese flag flying over ail the
steamships trading in the Pacific Ocean.
We invited the Chinese to our shores and
then made it a National issue to drive them
away. Do we want this history repeated?
Frederick S. Samuels.
San Francisco, August 21, 1896.
LITTLE THINGS.
The preacher spoke of little things,
Their influence and power.
And how the little pitted speck
Made all the apple tour.
Be tola how great big. sturdy oaks
From little acorns grew.
And now the liny little stone
The burly giant slew.
Bat the cyclist sat there unimpressed
By all the speaker's fire.
Until he went outside and found
A pin had pierced his tire.
— Wilkesbarre News-Dealer.
HE CAN'T HELP IT.
New York Press.
We don't see how the boy orator can help
be\ng » eilverite, since silence Is golden.
PERSONAL.
John M. Fulweiler, the attorney, of Aubufn,
is in town.
The Rev. C. C. Herriott of Minneapolis is at
the Ramona.
Professor E. H. Grtggs of Stanford University
is on a visit here.
G. YV. Smith, a business man of Fresno, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
T. S. Grider, a wealthy rancher of Tulftre, is
at the Cosmopolitan.
J. P. Da Quesne, a business man of Culiacan,
Mexico, is at the Lick.
N. W. Kibler. a druggist of Viwlia, and Mrs.
Kibler are at the Ramona.
H. A. Heilbron, the wealthy cattleman, of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
W. L. Long and Sherman M. Bell of Cripple
Creek, Col., arrived here yesterday, and are at
the Lick.
D. P. Simons of Los Gatos, who has extensive
lumber interests in that vicinity, is at the
Ramona.
Dr. S. V. Hinckling of Washington, D. C, ac
companied by Miss Hinckling, is at the
Baldwin.
J. E. Rigard and M. Trenchant of Paris, who
are interested in Western gold mines, are at
the Grand.
W. W. Phillips, a prominent resident of
Fresno and formerly a banker of that city, is
at the Cosmopolitan.
James 11. Wadsworth, a pioneer mining and
business man of Yreka, is at the Lick, accom
panied by Mrs. Wadsworth.
Charles L. Hayes of Bridgeport, Mono
County, where he is interested in mining, is
among recent arrivals here.
Ira G. Hoitt, formerly State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, came ud from his
home at Burlingame yesterday, and is at the
Baldwin.
Lieutenant Paul Kolbe and Mrs. Kolbe, a
Princess of Samoa, sailed by the Monowai for
their home in the Bismarck Islands of German
New Guinea.
D. W. Hitchcock, general passenger agent of
the Union Pacific, who, with Mrs. Hitchcock,
has been for some time at Lake Tahoe, has re
turned to the City.
Henry Borgwergt, Sheriff of Kern County
and owner of a sixth interest in the rich El
Campo gold mine, in the mountains on the
line between Kern and San Bernardino coun
ties, is at the Russ. He brought up a large
number of specimens from the mine, all of
which are bespangled with gold.
C W. Townsend, representing one of the
largest manufacturing-house* of Louisville,
Ky., is at the Baldwin Hotel. He says that all
through the South there is enormous interest
in the pending campaign and that everywhere
he went, from the Ohio River to Texas, men
were energetically discussing the issues of the
campaign, and business, he said, was rather
better than he could, nnder the circumstances,
have expected.
Thomas R. Bard, the banker of Hueneme,
who is heavily Interested in the important
petroleum oil wells of Santa Paula, Ventura
County, is at the Occidental. Mr. Bard is one
of the early residents of Ventura, and is one of
the wealthiest me n In that section of the coast.
His name, as will be recalled, has several times
hitherto been mentioned in connection with
the Republican nomination for the Governor
ship. Hueneme, where be lives, though a
small place, is one of the busiest shipping
points in California, owing to the oil, heavy
bean crop and other products.
General Manager J. A. Fillmore of the South
ern Pacific, Mrs. Fillmore and Miss Fillmore;
W. S. Booth, Mm. Booth and their son and
daughter; R. McMurray, Mrs. McMurray; Miss
Marie McKenna, daughter of United States
Judge McKenna; Miss Ella Birdsell of Sacra
mento, and Congressman J. F*. Aldrich of Chi
cago, returned here yesterday on the steamer
Queen after nearly four weeks in Alaska. At
Sitka they were entertained by Governor
Sheakley. Congressman Aldrich is a Repub
lican and represents the First District in his
State. He is a civil engineer by profession
and formerly one of the Commissioners of
Public Works of Chicago.
EDITORIAL PLEASANTRY.
Old depositor— Have ygu change for a $30
bill?
Bank cashier— Yei. How will you have It—
Republican or Democratic?
Proficient bicyclist— Well, old chap, how are
you getting on?
Commencing bicyclist — Thank yon, not
badly; but 1 lind I can get off better,— From
Punch.
Gablow— You ought to attend the special ser
vice for bicyclists at our church to-morrow.
Holrey— Why?
Gablow— Rev, Mr. Wheelaway is going to de
liver a sermon on the evils of walking.
"I'm the machine that can get a head of
human being!!," boasted the guillotine.
"Well, I sometimes take a hand myself," re
plied the buzz-saw, modestly. — New York
World.
"Henpeck hes bought his wife a bicycle.
Shrewd fellow, that Henpeck."
"Yes, she blows up her tire."— Town Topics.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Mint— E. A. 8., City. The United States
Branch Mint is open daily except Sundays and
the days when it is closed for annual settle
ment.
To Visit the Islands— E.- A. 8., City. In or
der to visit Alcatraz or Angel Island a permit
must be obtained at army headquarters in the
I'helau building.
Lady Wolseley— A. O. 8., City. Sir Garnet
Joseph Woheley v the field marshal of the
British army. Miss Anita Theresa Murphy of
this City married Sir Charles M. Wolseley.
Miss Collins— M. M., Oakland, Cal. This de
partment is unable to state whether Miss Edith
Collins, a wealthy young society lady of New
York City, is a member of any of the many
charitable Institutions of the Empire City. A
letter addressed to her in New York City will
reach her.
"SPCD"— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. "Spud" is
provincial for anything that is short and
thick ana is usually used in contempt, and it is
because potatoes are as a rule short and rather
thick for their length that the term "spud" in
applied to them, A seller of poor potatoes is
called a "spuddy."
Bullion and Coinage— W. 1., Stockton, Cal.
All denominations of silver coins are coined
at the mints at this time with the exception of
the trade dollar and the twenty-cent piece.
Bullion owned by the Government and minted
into standard dollars find* its way to the
various avenues of trade through the United
States Treasury and the Bub-treasuries. If a
person takes silver to the mints it will be run
into bars for a mall charge, but the mint can
not convert it into coin for the individual, nor
can the individual have the bullion exchanged
for coin. The silver which there is in gold
deposits is taken at the mint and paid for by
the Government at a price fixed from time to
time by the director, according to the market
value.
Platform of 1892— Subscriber. In the »ev
enth plank of the platform of the Democratic
National Convention, held in Chicago in June,
1892, was the following in regard to gold and
silver:
We hold to the use of both gold and sliver as the
standard money of thp country, and to the coinage
of botli gold and silver, without discriminating
against either metal or charge for mintage, but
the dollar unit of coiuag« of both metals must
k ot . ca - ual intrinsic value, or be adjusted
through international agreement or by such
safeguard* of legislation as shall insure the main
tenance of the parity of the two metals and the
equal power of every dollrr at all times in the
markets and In the cayment of debts, and we de -
mand that all paper currency shall be Kept at par
with and redeemable in such currency.
District of Columbia— E. A. 8., City. Arti
cle I, section 8, of the constitution provides
that Congress shall have power "to exercise
exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever
over such district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may be by cession of particular
States and the acceptance of Congress become
the seat of general government of the Unitea
States." This confers upon Congress the ex
clußive legislative control over the District of
Columbia, and as it has not made any provi
sion to allow the inhabitants the right to vote,
they cannot vote for Presidential electors. In
1801 Congress took complete control of the
district, and the inhabitants had no represen
tation in that body until 1871. when it was
organized like the other Territories of the
United States. By the act of June 30, 1874, a
government by three commissioners appointed
by the President was established, and since the
district has been without a delegate in Con
gress,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Among the arrivale at the? Lick Bouse a day
or two ago was Dr. A. Milliken of Susanville,
Lassen County, who years ago was located at
Halfmoon Bay. Dr. Milliken has been at Su
sanville for the last eight years. He has come
down now for quite a stay, as he needs a
change alter his long residence on the plains
of Lassen.
The doctor says that things are not active in
that part of tbe State.
"If we had a railroad," said he, "we would
have the liveliest kind of a country, but we
have to go by wagon for a long distance before
we get to a railroad.
"We have got a county there 60 miles wide
Dy about 240 long and in the whole of it there
are 3000 people. Eight huudred of these iive
in Susanville.
"There is a lot of good grain and fruit land
there, but prices for products are low. Some
Dr. A. Milliken, Who Has Arrived From tbe Plains of Lassen After a Long
Absence.
[Sketched from life by a "Call 1 ' artist.]
farmers have to drive their stock and haul
their grain 100 miles. That is a great deal of a
hardship.
"If we had a system of irrigation such as the
rich plains require it would be a great thing.
But it would cost a very large sum. The Ep.gle
Lake irrigation enterprise that has been be
lore the people was not pushed through for
I want of sufficient funds, and it wiU be a long
I time probably before it is put through.
"I think it is safe to say that it would take
$150,000 to do it, The lake is 1000 feet above
Susanville, and unless the water was tapped
and controlled just right it would flood all of
Honey Lake and prove another Jamestown
affair.
"It is lucky that the work has not been at
tempted if it could not be well done. The
water has such a prodigious fall and there is
so much of it that there is a good deal of
science in the problem of the best means of
handling it.
"No, just now the population of Lassen is
not increasing. It's a good country, with not
only a rich soil, but there are enormous areas
of magnificent sugar pine, fir and other
timber." ___^___^^___
PARTIAL ECLIPSE OF THE MOON
TO-NIGHT.
It frequently happens that when a total
eclipse of the sun is not of long duration it is
preceded or lollowed by a partial lunar eclipse.
Two weeks ago, when the moon's shadow,
within a few degrees of its descending node,
swept over the northern hemisphere, the
earth's shadow was directed to within a few
degrees of the opposite or ascending node of
its satellite's 01 bit, and as it has a compar
atively slow angular motion, it has not yet
gone very far beyond the node and is within
the ecliptic limits. The moon in the mean
time having traveled half-wav round the
ecliptic passes the ascending node at noon to
day and before midnight will have overtaken
the shadow of its primary, the earth, thus re
verting the positions they held with regard to
the sun on the Bth of this month, when the
solar eclipse occurred.
To terrestrial observers these counter
changes produce entirely different results. In
the opposition from the sun the cone-shaped
sfTadow of the earth projects into space to a
distance of 857,000 miles, or nearly four times
the distance of the moon. At night wo are at
the base of this shadow, but of the iurther por
tion would know noihine except from theory
if the moon never invaded its ploom. At 8:OC
this evening when the full moon is far to the
east, near the boundaries of the constellations
of Aquarius and Capricornus it will enter the
penumbra or region of partial sunlight, and
before an hour has passed those familiar with
its aspect will readily detect a change in its
radiance.
As the diagram explains first contact with
the darker umbra takes place at 9:24 and
shortly afterwards it will be evident to any ob
server that the east edge of the lunar disk 101
degrees from its north point is assuming the
gibbous phase usually seen two nights before
lull moon.
Even with low magnifying power it may be
seen that the dark crater Grimadi is lost to
The Umbra and Penumbra of the Earth's Shadow and the Position
of the Moon at First Contact, Middle of Eclipse and Last Contact.
view, while soon the dark rays of Copernicus
and the brilliantly white crater of Aristarchus
assume a somber tint and finally disappear in
the encroaching shadow which advances over
the central plains and mountains and before
11 p. m. reaches the western lunar limb. One
fourth of the disk on the north side escapes
the umbra and shines crescent-shaped with
the scarcely noticeable dimness caused by the
penumbra.
If in imagination we place ourselves on
some of the lunar hills we will find that the
earth's disk, four times the diameter of the
moon, is obstructing sunlight partly from the
crescent and completely from the darkened
section. . .
To return to an earthly standpoint, it is
found that even in a partial lunar eclipse the
sunlight refracted through tbe earth's atmos
phere faintly illumines the shadowed part of
the moon's disk, as was noticeable in the par
tial eclipse of January 15, 1889.
This affords an opportunity of studying
light when it has passed through redoubled
layers of terrestr al atmosphere and thus ob
taining of it an effective spectrum.
At the central phase, the occultation of
small stars may be discerned and an exact ob
servation of this kind is an aid in the determi
nation of the moon's true position.
Half Hn hour past midnight our satellite
will emerge from the umbra, the last contact
occurring 27 dest. west of the south point, and
before 2 o'clock it will shine in the western
heavens with its usual radiance, having left
the earth's shadow completely behind. Even
without magnifying 1 power these phases can
be distinctly seen if the night be clear; and
though these interesting phenomena have not
the scientific value of a total solar eclipse,
they are always worthy of attention and ob
servation. Rose O'Halloran.
A GIRL'S GOWN.
This design is destined to be popular for
wash gowns, as when made without a lining it
launders easily. For dresses of woolen fabrics
a fitting lining is used. It fastens in theback.
The yoke may be made seamless and hooked at
the shoulder or buttoned in the center.
A figured mohair of brown had a blue silk
yoke with embroidered grass-linen in the
natural color over it. Blue velvet formed a
belt The collar was of embroidery.
A dress of woolen novelty Roods of brown
and green had a plain green cloth yoke and
flat belt.
Plain natural colored linen with yoke of
embroidered linen with turquoise blue satin or
olive green ribbons makes a charming com
bination.
The new gayly colored ginghams are pretty
combined with yoke and lawn sleeves of a
plain color.
Colored piquet with white yoke edged with a
ruffle of white embroidery makes a dressy
combination.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has been a
bishop for nineteen years. He in 67 years old.
Ouida never shakes hands. She declares it
to be the most vulgar form of salutation.
Queen Victoria, it is said, has taken quite a
fancy to the young Duchess of Marlborough.
The Commander-in-chief of the Sultan of
Morocco's army is a Scotchman, McLean by
name.
A lady, Dr. Winifred Dickson, has been ap
pointed examiner in surgery in the College of
Dublin.
The masters of Eton College have placed a
brass tablet in memory of Sir Jo6eph Barnby
in the chapel oi the college.
Sims Reeves is about to make a tour through
the British colonies, including Australia,
where he gave a series of farewell concerts a
few years ago.
The Marquis of Salisbury keeps about seventy
indoor servants, exclusive of dependents of a
higher class, such as private secretaries, libra
rians and chaplains.
The Empress of Japan and her ladies have
taken to the st<;el horse and cycle on a maze
of walks made "on purpose for them in a se
cluded part of the imperial gardens.
The Khedive of Egypt will not be in a posi
tion to visit England this year, but desires to
accept the invitation for «ext year. There is
no doubt that the Khedive has been less sus
ceptible of late in the attempts to capture his
sympathies and influence on behalf of the
French and other Continental interests. Grad
ually a distinct English bias has made itself
felt in his entourage.
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 Ibs2dc*
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb, Townsend's. •
A nice present— Townsend's California Glace
fruit, 50c lb., in Jap baskets. 027 Market. •
Buy your underwear, hosiery, etc., cheap
at Pioneer Drj-goods Store, 105 Fifth street. *
I? you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring aplßda I'ac. Carriage Co,'
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Ashamed of the Old War Crj.
Healdsburg Tribune.
No Democrat now dares to renew those laud
ations of free trade and those denunciations oi
protection that he utterei so glibly in 1892.
ft is a new nostrum that the Democrats now
offer to the country. Free coinage is the Dem
ocratic cry in 1896 as free trade was in 1892.
But the Democratic leaders still are adverse to
protective tariffs, and uutil taritfs again pro
tect industry and again create a demand for
American labor money will not be plentiful
with the people, even though it be coined at
the rate of a billion a day.
Gold or Silver?
One of tbe best publications on the great
question which is now absorbing the attention
of the people is the production of M. A. Miller,
entitled, "Gold or Silver?" It is the most
logical and clearest exposition on the subject
yet to hand, and should *be read by every man
who has the welfare of the nation at heart.
Price 15 cents. For sale by The Bulletin, 622
Montgomery street. •
Silver Is all Kichl.
Redding Free Press.
Since 1873 there has been coined $400,293,
--401 90 more silver than prior to 1873. And
mind you, every silver dollar of this amount is
a legal tender for all debts where not otherwise
stipulated by private contract. All this goes
to show that this talk about degrading silver is
all rot.
• If You Play Whist
You will be interested to know that Town
Talk of this week publishes a comprehensive
article on that popular game and its San
Francisco devotees, together with portraits in
half tone of leaders in local whist clubs and a
copy of the caricature (by Bush), "The Long
and Short Suit." There is a vast amount of
original and well-written matter in Town Talk
this week, affording the reader as entertain
ing and instructive a journal for a dime as can
be found anywhere. Upon the front cover ap
pears a fine portrait of Mrs. George Crocker.
John P. Irish answers the timely question,
"Hard Times— Why?" and Marie Corelle is ac
cused of plagiarism by a contributor. Read
Town TalK if you would keep informed
about matters uppermost in the world you
live in. •
An Embarrassing Invitation.
San Bernardino Sun.
Will some one please rise and explain Presi
dent Cleveland's position in the present cam*
paign?
Red Star the Trademark.
Everhard's old English 'alf aud 'alf and
Canada malt lager beer can be known by the
trademark, which is a red star, on each bottle.
These beverages are 6old at every first-class
buffet in town. Goldberg, BoweD & Co.,whole
■ale agents. •
Molasses to Catch Flies.
Tulare Register.
"Free" this or "free" that catches a good
many people who never stop to consider what
it means. It seems like getting something for
nothing, which is satisfactory.
Cheap *.xcui\sio,n to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected a's the olßciai route to \V
tend the National Encampment of the U. A. B. v.
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. Th»
excursion will leave >an Francisco acd Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p.m. Kates $ 87 90 for tfi )
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wis i
to make the trip East. Send your name and ai
dress to T. K. Btateler, general agent, 638 Marks;
ireet, ban Francisco, for sleeping-car, reservauoa*
Are You Going East.'
Th# Atlantic and Facific Railroad— Santa. •*•»
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its [ elevation and absencs >!
alkali dust. Particularly adapted .'or the trans
portation of families because ' of . its ■ palace draw
ing-room and moaern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally . through i from Oakland a
Chicago, : leaving " at a seasonable hour and ii
charge of attentive conductors and porters. '. Ttcc
et office, . 644 Market ■ tucei., C'bronlclti uuliaia^
Telephone, Main 1531. ;
Use Dr. Siegert s Angostura, Bitters, the world
renowned South American appetizer and invigor*
tor of exquisite flavor.
"Hkb hair always looks so perfectly lovely."
Why? Because she uses Ayer's Hair Vigor.
That's the secret of its lnstre.
Bryan's Comuliment.
Pasadena News.
Mr. Bryan told the people of Mansfield, Ohio,
while on bis great tour, that John Sherman,
their own townsman, was responsible more
than any other man for the present financial
system of this country. Mr. Bryan did not
seem to understand that he was bestowing a
great compliment upon Ohio's greatly honored
Senator.
KEVT ' TO-PAT. -. _
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
, A creamiof i tartar baking s « y i H £? l^,£t
•11 : in leavening * stren?th.-i«rf«< United- State*
Government Food Report. ■ ■ _„_,_ '
,-; ; Botax. Bakusg Powder Co., >ew Tors.fife* *„ <2(^U
SATURDAY.... .......; AUGUST 22, 1806
AMUSEMENTS.
BA-LDvrrs THJEATKK—"The Gay Parisians."
California THKATKB.-"The Minstrel of Clartf 1
Columbia Thkateb-" The Great Unknown..
!Voko6Co'9 Ijl-kka-Houbjc— "The Ensign."
Tivou OpFRA-Hotj^ic- > 'n Trovatore."
Orphefm- High-Class Vaudevllla.
The EMpoßiuM.-Concert to-night, by the Em-
porium Orchestra.
Sldtro BATHS-Bathtng and performance*.
>-hcot the Chutes- Dally at Haight street,
one block east of the Park.
California State Faib -At Sacramento,
September 1 to September 19.
picnics amTexcursions. _
Kxctmion-To the Big o Trees, Sanu Cru»
Mountains, Sunday, Augnst 2i. n
ExcoßßiOK-ToCazadero, Sunday, August 23.
AUCTION SALHS.
By Eastos &Ei.nßiD€X.-Thls a»v (Saturday),
Real Estate, at Mountain View, Santa Clara
Co., at 1 o'clock.
By Wm Bt-TTERFiELD-This day (Saturday),
Furniture, at 507 Baker street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. B*scH-This day (Saturday), Restaurant,
at 102 McAllister street, at 11 o clock.
BY Biavchakd Bros. & Lane— Thursday,
August 27-Horses. Wagons, Bicycles, etc., at 213
Market street, at 10 o'clock. ■
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Rev. Anna Shaw arrived from the East
last night.
The irtal of O. W. Winthrop has been set for
September 1.
St. Joseph's parish will hold a picnic to-day
at Snell Mound Park.
Generally fa*r to-day Is the weather predic
tion from the forecast official.
More than $1200 has already been subscribed
to the funds of the Charter Association.
Concluding studies of the industries of the
country reveal many Dad effects of the Wilson
bill.
The Fourth-street Improvement Club held an
enthusiastic meeting last night at Pioneer
Hall.
The Caledonian Club had a stag party in
ID Hall last night which was a great
successs.
Professor W. W. Stone lectured on the X ray
at a Lincoln Post social in N. S. G. W. Hall last
evening.
Few Californians visit the Yellowstone Na
tional Park, but larpe numbers of Eastern tour
ists arrive there daily.
The union painters propose to issue circulars
to the public exposing the frauds practiced by
unprincipled contractors.
A valnable setter belonging to Michael Kelly
was run over on Thursday night by car 1020
of the Missiou-streot line.
Hugh O'Neill, a butcher of Bouth San Fran
cisco was convicted yesterday in the Police
Court of selling diseased meat.
Ingleside Track will reopen on August 28.
Captain J. H. Rees and J. W. Wilson will
officiate in the judges' stand.
The Salvation Army has prospects of a fine
donation in the shape of a Contra Costa ranch
for its prison gate home work.
Secretary of State Loui? H. Brown was yes
terday appointed district deputy grand ex
alted ruler of the Order of Elks.
George Stlerlen was yesterday indicted by
the Cnited States Grand Jury for sending ob
scene matter throngh the mails.
Hugh O'Neil, the horse-butcher, was con
victed yesterday by Judpe Kerrigan of bring
ing diseased meat into this county.
At the comiac Mechanics' Fair a prize of $25
will be awarded to the native daughter writ
ing the best poem on "Admission Day."
Resolutions of respect to the memory of
James Dwyer were yesterday adopted by the
teachers in the Horace Mann Evening School.
\Health Officer Lovelece has decided to rec
ommend that A. E. Buckman be allowed to
maintain his grading camp in its present lo
cation.
Congressman Loud and Colonel John Robin
son addressed a political meeting last night in
the new Republican Wigwam on Presidio
Heights.
A burglar entered Justice Field's room in the
Palace Hotel Monday morning, but was scared
away before taking anything but a purse con
taining $6.-  i.
Kate Field's remains are to be removed from
Honolulu, and are to be interred in the same
plat in which lies the body of John Brown of
Ossawatomie. :
The Grand Jury yesterday failed to get a
quorum. The jury's expert has been directed
to examine the books of the Edison Light and
Power Company. '
In the trial of ex-Chinese Inspector Richard
S. Williams yesterday testimony was given to
the effect that Williams landed a third Chinese
lust November for $85.
It is probable that the United States Grand
Jury will rerurn an indictment against Dick
Williams and Louie Quong on a charge of
subornation of perjury.
At a meeting of the Continental League last
night a uniform was adopted for two bat
talions of the drill corps and twenty-two new
members were received.
Frank Winn, an ex-convict, and Joe Vois
netli were arrested yesterday afternoon by
Detective Graham and Policeman Jerry Dinan
on the charge of burglary.
Through a change in the programme of the
Woodland race meet that opens on August 24
there will be a mixed programme of trotting
and running races on each day.
The Retail Dry-goods Clerks' Association
last night decided to ask for support from
friendly organizations and admitted the sales
women to membership on half dues.
The "Social Trust" is the title of a new play
written by Hillary Bell and Ramsey Morris.
It will be produced for the first time at the Co
lumbia Theater nexf Monday evening.
The Fire Association of Philadelphia with
drew its general Pacific Coast office yesterday
from San Francisco, making its general man
ager, Csesar Berthean, agent for the City.
A. B. Wood, who named Leadville and dis
covered the iron, silver and other mines there,
is iiere from his home in Detroit. He says he
thinks Michigan will surely co for McKinley.
Susan C. Baker and her ex-husband, M. C.
Bak'-T, are engaged in a contest in Judge
Slack's court over the custody of their child,
Grace Baker. The case will be concluded to
day.
The wife of Rear-Admiral Thomas O. Self
ridge Sr. ot the United States navy died in this
City yesterday. She leaves four sons, one of
whom is a rear-admiral, and two live in this
City.
Arrangements are being made to bring Sena
tors Foraker and Teller to California to speak
on the Issues of the campaign, the former on
tariff protection and the latter on free silver
coinage.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion held a special meeting yesterday to dla
cuss what action should be taken with regard
to the sign on the Pavilion reading "Mechan
ics' Fair."
Two of the three Chinese girls who were
rescued from a den on Bartlett alley last
Thursday evening are still In the Methodist
Mission Home, the third having been allowed
her liberty.
Prescott B. Glidden, the young attorney who
was indicted by the Grand Jury last Tuesday
for sending obscene matter through the mails,
was arrested yesterday. He gave bond in the
6um of $500.
Otto Dobbertin has in his studio a recent
work called "Degeneration." It is the face of
a woman distorted by a life of vice. It is sin
gularly correct in its interpretation of idiocy
and depravity.
D F. McPhail, Assessor of San Benito
County, is in the City, and reports heavy
yields of beets, wheat, barley and other crops.
Beets are worth $4 a ton, and the growers are
making much money.
George Hansen, an ex-convict, wanted on a
charge of burglary, attempted to escape Friday
night by jumping into the bay, but after three
frhots were fired at him he concluded to swim
back, and was arrestei.
\t a large gathering of the main Young
Men's Christian Association held last night a
chaUenge was issued to the Mission branch of
the Young Men's Christian Association, which
defeated the main body in a field day held last
Saturday.
Populists all over the State are Doillng with
indigation over the proposition to pledge them
io cast five votes for Sewall and only four for
Watson. Seven-eighths of the People's party
organs are protesting against what they term
an outrage.
Louis P Devot of Paris, who is owner of
mines at Baker City, Or., is here, having been
on a visit to the mines. He says he expects
more French capital to be invested in coast
mines as the excellent chances for investment
become known.
The State Board of Equalization sent a report
to Auditor Broderick yesterday signed by
•'iinirinan Morehouse alone, showing that the
Southern Pacilic had been assessed at $9358 44
rer miu'. while the Central Pacific, with its
P< or equipment and roadbed, had been valued
« 817,408 53 per mile.
HER LAST WISH
TO BE GRATIFIED.
Kate Field's Remains to
Rest With Those of
John Brown.
PLANNED BY A FRIEND
Free Transportation to Be Fur
nished From Honolulu
for the Body.
PREPARATIONS BEING MADE:
Railroad and Steamship Lines ana
Wells, Fargo & Co. to Contrib
ute to the Object
Kate Field's remains are to find their
final resting place next to those of John
KATE FIELD.
{From a photograph taken several years ago.]
Brown of Osawatomie, "whose soul goes
marching on."
It is true that Lilian Whiting of Boston
has abandoned the idea of bringing her
friend's body to this country for inter
ment, but another and equally dear and
devoted admirer of the noble woman, who
was always active in some good cause, has
taken up the matter, and the indications
are that the expressed wish of Miss Field
will be fulfilled.
Mary Btuart Armstrong of Chicago is
behind the new movement, and has taken
a most practical way to carry out her de
& ign. She has written to the general
passenger agents of the Southern Pacific,
the Union Pacific and the Chicago and
Northwestern railroads, requesting them
to aid her in her plan by undertaking the
transportation of the remains.
John Brown's Burial Plat, in Which the Remains of Kate Field
Are to Be Interred.
[From a photograph.]
When the letter was received by the
local representative of the Southern Pa
cific Company it was referred to WelU,
Fargo & Co. President Valentine was
absent at the time, but Assistant Manager
Rowell forwarded the communication to
his superior. A prompt answer came
from Mr. Valentine to the effect that the
express company would be pleased to
transport the remains of Kate Field from
San Francisco to any point in the United
States which the company reached.
It now remained "only to arrange for
transportation from Honolulu to this City,
and this matter was referred by tne South
ern Pacific officials, who had the affair in
hand, to the proper representative of the
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany, and a favorable reply is confidently
expected from the latter company in a day
or two at the farthest.
To the story of why these two charac
ters, ao widely different in many respects,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
should be interred in one plot attaches a
sad romance.
It is history that the famou a liberator,
who hailed from the forests and mountains
of the Adirondacks, expressed the wish
during his lifetime that he should be bur
ied in the grounds on which stood his
home, built by his own hands from tim
ber felled and prepared by him.
This tract of land was purchased in 1870
by a company for the purpose of perpetu
ating the memory of the martyr, and Kate
Field, Henry Clews, Le Grand B. Cannon,
Hon. Thomas Murphy, Hon. Salem H.
Wales, Isaac H. Bailey, Charles Stewart
Smith and George Cabot Wood were con
tributors to the fund. This property stood
in tbe name of Henry Clews as trustee
until the 21st of July, when it was for
mally transferred to the State of New
York. At the same time the monument
erected to the memory of John Brown,
and which bears the names of those who
donated the land to the State, was un
veiled amid impressive ceremonies.
Writing of this event to the Elite, a soci
ety journal of Chicago, Mary Stuart Arm
strong says:
"John Brown is not the only hero to be
laid at rest upon the North Elba Hill. It
is the purpose of some of Kate Field's
friends to carry with tenderness the mor
tal remains of this gifted woman to the
park and to have them repose there ac
cording to her oft-expressed wish. It is
touching to see how many of the veterans
of the Adirondacks loved Kate Field.
They tell incidents of her visits there
which evidence her remarkable kindness
and justness, while tears fill their eyes or
fall from off their ruddy cheeks. It was
she who made John Brown's desire to be
buried there a fact. We shall see to it
that her wish is likewise fulfilled."
Near the spot where John Brown's body
lies stands the Dig bowlder upon which he
had cut his initials when endeavoring to
establish a colony for fugitive slaves there,
who were to arrive by the underground
railway. The same writer and friend of
/
Kate Field mentioned previously lays of
the locality and of the idea she is now
endeavoring to carry out:
"The soot is a picturesque one — at the
foot of the steeper side the turbulent
waters of the Au Sable flow. No more
suitable resting place could be chosen for
all that is mortal of Miss Field. To be laid
there will help to preserve her name and
keep alive her memory."
It is expected that all the arrangements
for the removal of the body from its rest
ing place in Honolulu and its transporta
tion to the Adirondacks will be completed
by the time the next steamer sails for that
port. ____________
Will Aid the Socialists.
The Pacific Coast Fresco Painters' Union
last evening passed resolutions indorsing
the actions of the Socialist Labor party,
extending to the socialists its sympathy
and offering them both moral and finan
cial aid. Fol lowing are the resolutions:
Whereas, The Socialist Labor party of San
Francisco is engaged in a war against capital
ism in behalf of the workers of the Nation,
and has by its fearless speech and acts aroused
the hostility of the fleecers of labor who are
endeavoring through their paid tools, the po
lice of San Francisco, to stifle socialist agita
tion by depriving Socialists of the right of free
speech, arresting their speakers and breaking
up their street meetings, we, the Pacific Coast
Fresco Painters' Union, do view with alarm
the unmasked tyranny of this attempt to over
throw the fundamental law of our country;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That we do hereby offer to the
Socialist Labor party our heartfelt sympathy,
and tender them our support, both moral and
financial; be it further
Resolved, That we uphold the Socialist Labor
party in its honest endeavor to educate the
masses for the common good, and will do all
in our nower, morally and financially, for the
cause of socialism.
FAVORING THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC,
Curious Figures From the
State Board of Equal
ization.
IN MOREHOUSFS NAME.
How Its Assessment Per Mile
Compares With the Central
Pacific.
A STAETLING DISCREPANCY.
The Reports to the Auditor Are Signed
by Chairman Morehouse
Alone.
Auditor Broderick received a communi
cation from the State Board of Equalisa
tion yesterday that will prove very
interesting to those who are familiar with
the history and inside workings of the
Southern and Central Pacific railroads and
may be the cause of some very searching
questions being asked the board and par
ticularly Chairman Morehouse.
Brief dispatches from Sacramento pub
lished in the San Francisco papers on the
4th inst. announced that the valuation of
the Southern Pacific Company's property
for assessment purposes had been in
creased by several hundred thousand
dollars, and that the valuation of other
roads had been slightly decreased. No
mention was made of the most interesting
portion of the board's action relating to
the assessments of valuation of the various
roads per mile or of the startling dis
crepancy between the valuation plafeed on
the Southern and Central Pacific com
panies' property per mile.
The document received by the Auditor
stated that on August 3 the board had
considered the railroad assessments and
had fixed that of the Southern Pacific at
$16,573,334 on 1770.95 miles within the
State, oi which 7.36 miles are within the
City and County of San Francisco. The
report on this company concludes as fol
lows:
The assessed value per mile of said railway,
as fixed by a pro rata distribution per mile of
the assessed value of the whole franchise, rail
way roadbed, rails and rolling stock of such
railway of the said company within this State
is $9358 44.
The portion of the road within this City
and county must pay taxes on $38,878.
In reference to the Central Pacific the
board reports that it has placed tbe total
valuation at $13,000,000 on 746.76 miles of
road within the State of California, of
which 2.46 miles are within the City and
County of San Francisco, and on which
taxes must be paid on $42,825. The valua
tion per mile is placed at $17,408 53.
The figures which stand out conspicu
ously in the report are those relating to
the valuation per mile, the difference be
ing $8050 09 per mile in favor of the South
ern Pacific.
In view of the well-known fact that the
Southern Pacific is far better built and
equipped than the Central Pacific these
figures are looked upon as very remark
able, particularly in view of the fact that
the San Francisco and San Mateo road,
with its simple equipment and inexpensive
roadbed, is assessed at $5788 99 per mile.
Perhaps the queerest thine about the
report is the manner in which it is signed.
The pages relating to the Southern and
Central 'Pacific companies have spaces at
the Uottom for the signatures of all of the
members of the board, but in each instance
the only name that appears is that of
Chairman Morehouse, apparently showing
that Messrs. Arnold, Beamer and Chese
brough, the other members, eitherbad no
hand in the making up of the figures or
did not approve of them.
The law requires that the State Board of
Equalization must assess the railroads and
transmit the results of their deliberations
to the Auditor so that the necessary por
tions can be inserted in the Assessor's
books before they leave his hands.
APPEAL OF THE CLERKS,
Dry-Good^ Salesmen Look for
Support From Various
Organizations.
They Repudiate a Spurious Circular
That Injures Friendly Houses.
Ladies May Be Members.
The Retail Dry-goods Clerks Association
held a meeting last night in K. R. B. Hall
and showed that they were deeply inter
ested in the early closing movement.
Jerome Donovan occupied the chair, and
the hall was well filled with members of
the association.
Tne executive committee in a report
submitted to the meeting stated that it
had decided to ask the Women's Federa
tion and the Women's Christian Temper
ance Union to appoint a committee to
visit the principal dry-goods houses and
secure, i f possible, the signatures of the
proprietors to an agreement to close their
stores at 6 r. m. every night in the week.
The following form of agreement was
recommended :
We the undersigned, agree to close our
stores on Saturday at 6 p.m., provided other
principal dry-goods houses do likewise.
Mrs. Clarkson was appointed to wait on
the ladies.
A form of petition was also drafted to
be distributed among fraternal and labor
organizations asking their co-operation:
We, the undersigned, desiring to aid the
Retail Clerks in their endeavor to secure the
closing of nil dry-goods stores at G o'clock
Saturday evenings, do agree to use all honor
able means to influence our friends and the
public in general to do their trading before
6 o'clock.
The report was unanimously adopted as
progressive.
The question of admitting the sales
women to membership was discussed at
considerable length. A motion that was
laid over from the former meeting, to the
effect that the ladies be admitted as mem
bers with obligations to the society simi
lar to those of the men regarding dues,
was amended variously. The original
motion was withdrawn in favor of an
amendment that the ladies be admitted to
membership, with dues fixed at half the
regular rate. This was carried without a
single dissenting vote.
A committee of five on membership to
visit the various dry-goods stores and
urge salesmen to attend the meetings and
work in behalf of the movement was
appointed. T. Quinlan, D. J. Costello, A.
Lowenstein, D. McGarrity and George R.
Sullivan were selected for this duty.
A circular purporting to come from the
saleswomen of San Francisco and contain
ing resolutions on the early closing ot
dry-goods stores was read. It created
considerable excitement, as it included
J. J. O'Brien and Kohlberg, Strauss &
Frohman among the stores that kept open
after 6 p. sr.
Tne fact is those houses close early and
are the strongest friends of the clerks in
their fieht for early closing. The associ
tion consequently repudiated the circular
as a spurious and hurtful document.
• — * — •
MISSION BRANCH CHALLENGED.
The Main You^g Men's Christian Asso
ciation Wants Another Trial.
A larce gathering of the main Young
Men's Christian Association athletes was
held in Physical Instructor Dr. H. L.
Diets' office last nignt. The meeting was
called to see if the athletes would chal
lenge the Mission San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association athletes for a
field day contest. The Mission San Fran
cisco Young Men's Christian Association
athletes easily defeated the main Associa
tion athletes in last Saturday's field day
at the Mission Athletic grounds. Ail
present certified their willingness to chal
lenge the Mission San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association athletes, and
a challenge was thereiore issued.
Dr. H. L. Diets, physical instructor of
the main association, was elected secre
tary and treasurer, and George Klaarmann
was elected captain of the athletic team.
Part of the new athletic team of the
mum association is composed of Titus,
Wilson, Drumm, Leilack, Kammiter, Guit
tard, Wolfsohn, Fleiaher and Harder for
sprints; Klaarmatm, Manning, Johnson,
Peterson and Zisßa for the distance runs ;
Spacher, Klaarmann, Leilack, McDougal,
Ziska, Drumm, Wilson and Schroder for
broad jumping and high jumping;
Spacher, McDougal, Schroder and Lawton
for pole-vaulting; Peterson, McDougal,
Kammitter and Leilack for walking; and
Spacher, Leilack, Ziska, Fleisher.Titus and
Mitchell for shot-putting and hammer
throwing. _____________
WINTHROP'S TRIAL SET,
On September I He Will Be
Brought to Bar on a
Charge of Robbery.
Granted a Stay of Ten Days in Con
formity With a Supreme
Court Decision.
Judge Wallace yesterday gave O. W.
Winthrop until September 1 in which to
prepare for trial. District Attorney
Barnes desired to have the case set for
Tuesday next, but the attorneys for the
defense opposed it. They presented an
affidavit signed by the prisoner in which
the history of the casß was reviewed, and
it was set forth that undue haste had been
employed in bringing him to trial.
It was also complained that Winthrop
is absolutely unprepared for trial. He
says he has been kept in close confine
ment and few persons allowed to see him.
Winthrop also charged that the police
have given out untrue stories about him
in order to prejudice the people against
him. He alleged that this would make it
impossible to secure a jury that would try
him fairly.
Besides the general complaint against
the police force the matter of bail was re
ferred to. The fact that Wintlirop is a
poor man was cited and the amount of
bail set by the court, $30,000, was alleged
to be out of all proportion and impossible
of procurement. A stay of thirty days
was asked.
Mr. Barnes quoted the Bupreme Court
decision in the Fredericks case, which
held that ten days is sufficient time in
which to prepare for trial, and pointed out
tne fact that Winthrop has already had
eleven days.
Judge Wallace in deciding upon the
question said that there were no specific
charges in the defendant's affidavit and no
reason advanced why thirty days should
be allowed. He would follow the rule laid
down by the Supreme Court, he said, and
grant a continuance of ten days.
Winthrop was placed in the custody of
the Sheriff until Tuesday, September 1.
Becker and Creegan, the notorious
forgers, were up for sentence Defore the
Winthrop case was called, but the matter
went over until August 28.
Daniel Linenan, an old man, wTTo has
six prior convictions against him, was
sent to San Quentin for riiteen years for
stealing a dirty shirt and an old pair of
shoes. The jury recommended him to the
mercy of the court, but the prior convic
tions rendered the recommendation in
effective. Linphan's request that he be
sent to San Quentin was granted.
Georee Brighton, the diminutive house
breaker, who recently tried to escape from
Judge Wallace's courtroom, was sent to
San Quentin for two and a half years for
attempted burglary. Frank Ballard was
given a similar sentence for a similar
offense.
The trial of Mrs. Susie B. Martin for
murder was set for October 5.
WOMEN SUFFRAGISTS.
They Held Their First Informal Recep
tion Last Evening.
The first informal reception by the
Woman's Suffrage Association was held
last evening in the Parrott building. The
State Central Committee acted as a recep
tion committee, and prominent among
them were Mrs. A. A. Sargent, Mrs. Nel
lie Holbrook-Blinn, Mrs. Austin Sperry
and Miss May G. Hay.
The object of these gatherings is to give
all those interested in the movement an
opportunity to meet the leaders thereof
and exchange ideas. As many are unable
to attend gatherings held in the daytime
the time was set from 8 to 10 o'clock on
the first and third Thursday evenings of
the month nntil the election is held.
The gathering last evening was a suc
cess in every respect, for many visitors of
both sexes were present, although no ad
dresses or lectures had been prepared.
The three rooms, which are on the fifth
floor, were beautifully decorated with flags
and flowers.
Among the visitors were Mrs. Johnson
and Mrs. Bram. These ladies gave good
reports of the movement in the southern
part of the State and said that in their
section they expect there will be a
goodly majority in favor of the much-de
sired constitutional amendment.
CUM YE TONG SOCIETY.
Their President, Long Hit, Sayg the
Charges Are False.
The Cnm Ye Tong Society claim the
charges brought against them are all
false; that they are a peaceful company,
having no ill-feeling toward Chun Man or
any one else ; no price upon his head and
no connection whatever with incendiar
ism. They are greatly agitated over ugly
rumors which have been circulated about
them and Long Li wishes it understood
that they are a law-abiding society. *
Fair Will Caae.
Judge Slack yesterday declined to proceed
with the trial of the case of Angus et al.
against Craven. This suit is the one filed to
test the validity of the pencil deeds to the
Pine and Sansome and Guerrero streets prop
erty. A continuance of the case was asked
because oi the absence of Attorney Garret
McEnerney, who is on his wedding trip.
Judee Slack announced, however, that he
would not hear the case at all until the con
test of the pencil will is disposed of. The mat
ter therefore went over for two weeks.
Famous and Peerless.
■: -To acquire fame an 'article must possess
merit. To be ; known as a peerless article
is > sufficient guarantee of s fame well de
served. \-rln" the [ matter of whisky the
Jesse Moore brand is recognized! as peer
less in & its ',; purity and i excellence. The
Jesse Moore, Hunt ; Company, - San Fran
cisco and 'Louisville. • .
y
GAVE HER SONS
TO THE SERVICE.
Death of the Wife of Rear-
Admiral Thomas 0.
Selfridge.
WAS AN OCTOGENARIAN.
Her Husband the Oldest Pear-
Admiral in the United
States Navy.
PASSED AWAY IN THIS CITY.
One of Her Sons Is a Rear-Admiral
and Two Sons Are Residing in
San Francisco.
Mrs. Thomas O. Selfridge Sr. died in this
City yesterday at the home of her son,
Edward Selfridge, at 2615 California street,
at the advanced age of 86 years. Her
maiden name was Louisa Carey Soley, and
she was the daughter of Squire John Soley
of Charlestown, Mass., thus coming from
an old New England family.
She came to California recently on a
visit to her two sons in this City, Frank C.
Selfridge and Edward A. Selfridge, the
last named being the president of the
George W. Gibbs Company of this City.
She was not ill long. The immediate
cause of death was old age. Dispatches
were sent East last night carrying the
news of her demise so other sons living in
the "East.
Mrs. Selfridge was the wife of the old*
est rear-admiral in the United States
navy. He was appointed a midshipman
from Massachusetts in 1818, and was re
tired in 1866 after over forty-five years of
continuous service. Two of her sons are
in the United States navy now. One of
these, Thomas O. Selfridge Jr., is also a
rear-admiral. Another son is Lieutenant-
Commander James R. Selfridge.
From this it will be seen that the
Selfridges have been prominently con
nected with the naval branch of the
United States service. Rear Admiral
Thomas O. Selfridge Sr., who survives his
wife, is 91 years old. For many years
Rear-Admiral and Mrs. Selfridge have re
sided at Washington, D. C, which is still
the home of Rear- Admiral Selfridge.
Distinguished services and the seniority
of ranks have made them well known to
SEW & TO-DAY.
You have not yet tried
Schilling Best. You think
there may be somewhere
or somehow some mistake.
\ If we have made a mis-
take in making it, if you
have made a mistake in
buying it, if any sort of a
mistake has been made by
anybody, you are protected
against that mistake.
Your money back if you
don't like Schillings Best
expresses in the strongest
way our judgment that it
is the best money's-worth
for you.
A Schilling: & Company "
San Francisco vI'^^SSwBBBBBI 868
| k NEW TO-I»AY— AMUSEMENTS.
POSTPONEMENT
OF
QUEEN'S
WHALING CRUISE!
'.: Owing to delay in arrival of Queen from
her Alaska excursions, her departure on
the whaling; cruise has been postponed
until 9:30 a. m. Sunday, the 23d inst., from
Broadway Wharf, returning i Sunday
nisiht. ■•'•■; The cruise will include .the whal-
ing feature and also a run to . the Faral-
lones, and, unless the whaling prevents, a
view -of the :. wreck Colombia at Pigeon
Poini.'g^fll^jHffii^iyWl | iWWi WOfl [ I i'IHI
!,'•■-.: Fare -. for the . round trip, two dollars.
Meals can be obtained on board.
! " NOTICE.— No one but the undersigned
is authorized to make any contracts bind-
ing the P. G. 8. S. Co. or the steamer
Queen. ' ;- •
v;. Ticket : office— No. 4 New Montgomery
street.
:..■... GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.
■fGftANI>T>A\fILION
rELECTBicMoTive Power
fc Transmitted ffioii fbLSOM
iFfFAiL'S'ivS
UUll-limlk TO ATVTEND
EXCURSION BATES.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7a. m. Until 11 r. it , 7iL •
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening,
. General Admission- Adults 10c, Children sc.
■■•■-■:;■.• ■-;:; '.■■.■■;■ "^■"•<...: '."".' ■''""■■'■' '■' -' : ■ ■'■ '' '■'-':'■ ■', ■ '''!'■: :'..'". ''.':-?■ ."'■'
sew to-day:
\ Smouldering fires
of old disease j
!') lurk in the blood of many a [
( iS man, who fancies himself in [
<|( good health. I^et a slight i
J 1 ) sickness seize him, and the 9»
!» old enemy breaks out anew. [
<| The fault is the taking of j
a medicines that suppress, in- >
J>) stead of curing disease. You (j,
( iS can eradicate disease and ?(|
<| purify your blood, if you use |>
\» the standard remedy of the <j!
'I -world, \\
I Ayer's
Sarsaparilla.
many officers, who will greatly regret to
hear the news of Mrs. Selfridge's death.
The news was generally known in this
City last evening and brought sympathy
to the families of the two sons, who reside
in this City and who are prominently iden
tified in business here.
The plans of the family were not settled
last evening, but it is probable that the
remains of.Mrs. Selfridge will be taken East
for interment. The blow fell heavily npon
the aged husband, for they had been mar
ried many years.
Henry Meyer Is Agent.
At a Joint meeting of tae District Council of
the Carpenters' Union, held at the head
quarters of Council No. 22 last night, Harry
Meyer was elected business agent of the or
ganization.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S TH EATERS.'
I at the jl Ma tine6 To-day.
Baldwin : Every EvcDin ° ;
*, - - ... in ' • Including Sunday.
NEXT SUNDAY. NIGHT-Gala Performance
TLJ E" "■ "Uproarionsly Funny."—
J TIC —Chronicle.
(~< A V "New and Piquant."
Vjr\-I-. —Examiner.
PARISIANS!
Management Charles \Kbohmak.
SEATS - NOW SELLING FOB l
SUNDAY NIGHT, AUGUST 23.
j - I "IiAST
I California perlmmams
CHAUNCEY OLCOTT
In His Most Beautiful of All Irish Comedy-Dramas
"THE MINSTREL OF CLARE"
■ : -{i ..'? By Fred Marsden. V
Hear Olcott sing ■ "Kory Darling," "Olcott's
Home Song," "Love Remains the Same," "Th«
Young Rose" and "The Minstrel Boy."
Next Attraction— "ON THE BOWERY."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MB& tEMisiiNE Khelixd, Proprietor Jt Ai.»u*< i;
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. Odstav Hixßtcai. '
' LAST CTXG-XX'X'ja :
VERDI'S POPULAR OPERA,
"Ii: TROVATORE."
GREAT CAST— —
Superb Scenery. Correct Costumes.
;■ * ' NEXT WEEK—
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
"DA TRAVIATA. 11
... - Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday,
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And Balcony and Marriage Scenes from
"ROMEO AND JULIET." .
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
'rRiCDLATiDtfIOOTTIOD* a>- UJitJAnBMArACtltt-"
ONLY TO-DAY—
Last Matinee Performance of
"THE GREAT UNKNOWN'
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
- Secure Your Seats Quick .
Monday Next— "THE SOCIAL TRUST"— Pint
time on any stage— the Flay of the Centnry. " " ■
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE:
WALTER MOKOSCO, , Sola Lessee aad Mjuuzte
; : PEOPLE TtKNED AWAY !
EVERYBODY /WANTS TO SEE .
The Glorious Naval Drama, .
"THE ; 3ES3XTSIC3-3NT I"
An American Play That stirs American Hearts.
' - - Last Week of California's Favorite,
JAMES M.. BBOPHY,
Who Has Starred as ; "The Ensign" - Throughout
the East for the Past Two Tears.
Evening Prices— 2sc and 500.
. ; y»mJlv Circle and Gallery. 10c.
, O'Farrell Street, ween Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), August 93.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children; 10c, any part. ■•■ '
4— i— ©BEAT NEW STARS -4
EDWARD FAVOR and EDITH SINCLAIR, ,
SYDNEY DE GRAY and MILDRED HOWARD,
•: L,agt Appearance of
T. A. KENNEDY
Prior to His Departure tor Europe.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Rail way on Earth:
Matinee This Afternoon at 2 O'clock,
LAST TWO DAYS OF
JOB,
The Orang-Outang, Who Does Not Talk, bat
Woula if He Wanted To.
; SPECIAL! SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
? Monster New Balloon Ascension by
EMIL
MARKEBERQ!
THE MOST DARINO MAN ON EARTH!
I ADMISSION, — 10 CENTS.
Children. including Morrv-Go-l'.onnd Klde. 5 centy
3 ; r PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
BY SPECIAL REQUEST
_____
FAMILY EXCURSION TO
BIG- TREES
: (Santa Cruz Mountains).
•« 'SUNSET PARK ;to Leave or :
, : Take on Passengers. . • . .
SUNDAY - - -- AUGUST 23,
From S. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing
;•; (Narrow Gauge)
;' - — -AT 8:45 A. M.j— —
4*l OK Five Hours' at the Big Trees. tf*l OX
$1.69 ROUND TRIP TICKET , . $1.u9
The Excursion will be in charge of MB. WM.
H. M.EJNTON, Excursion Pass. Agent S. P. Co. ; - ;
Returning, arrive in San Francisco at 8:05 p. M.
For further information apply at . Grand ' Hotel
Ticket Office, 613 Market street. -
RICHARD GRAY, x> T. H. GOODMAN,
• Gea'l Traffic Mgr. Qaa'lPau. Agt. "
78
HOW THE WILSON BILL HURT AGRICULTURE.
The more carefully the tariff question
is studied in all its bearings the plainer
and more forcible is the conclusion that
one with strong protecti%'e characteristics
is of benefit to the country at large and to
tbe Pacific Coast in particular.
In a.nswer to the common cry that the
tariff benefits the rich manufacturing
classes alone it may be stated on good
authority that it benefits the agricul
turists more extensively than any one
class. When it is remembered that farm
ers constitute about half ot the business
population of the country the significance
ol this statement becomes clear. It was
Bryan, the apostle of free trade and
champion of the Wilson bill, who made
the statement in his Chicago convention
speech that the prosperity of the country
at large depends primarily on the welfare
of the farmers, yet his free-trade measures
work grave harm on the country at large
by striking the farmers a direct blow.
Speaking of one phase of the question
Joseph Nimmo Jr., the statistician, has
said:
"In the entire list of agricultural prod
ucts there are none more exposed to Cana
dian competition than poultry and eggs.
It is estimated that the total value of the
poultry produced annually in the State of
New York is about $2,100,000. and of eges
$5,200,000, the total poultry and egg prod
uct amounting in value to $7,300,000. New
York farmers from Buffalo to Montauk
Point, and especially farmers of Suffolk
County, through J. Eugene Parker of
Shelter Island, asked for protection on
these products, and it was granted in the
McKinley bill. Eggs, before free, were
made dutiable at the rate of 5 cents per
<iozen, the exact duty mentioned by Mr.
Parker, and the duties on poultry were
raised from 10 per centum (equal to about
1 cent a pound), to 3 cents a pound on live
and 5 ceuts a pound on dressed poultry.
That conferred upon the farmers of the
State a benefit than which none other is
more highly appreciated, especially on
Long Island. Now, I respectfully chal-
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION AND PROSPERITY.
IN THE WIGWAM
THIS EVENING,
Republican Mass - Meeting,
With the Spellbinders
on Deck.
ALL CITIZENS INVITED.
Each Speaker Will Treat of a
Special Subject of Wide
Interest.
UNIFORMS FOR CONTINENTALS
Preparations Made by the League for
a Lady's Night Next Friday
Evening.
There is every indication that the big- j
gest meeting of the campaign thus far will |
be that to be held this evening at the j
Wigwam, corner of Jones and Eddy j
streets, under the auspices of the Republi
can State Central Committee.
Seats will be specially reserved for ladies
and their escorts, and they, as well as the
rest of the large audience, will be as com
fortably seated as the audiences in the
theaters of this City, because the Wigwam j
auditorium is furnished with elegant !
opera chairs.
The committee intrusted with the prep- I
arations for the meeting have been more
than successful in getting up a good pro
gramme. The speeches will not be long
and rambling and covering the same
ground, but each speaker has a special I
subject assigned him, and the speakers i
selected are the best on the Pacific Coast, i
At 8 o'clock sharp Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin of the State Central Committee
will introduce George A. Knight, the chair
man of the meeting.
Mr. Knight will deliver a brief address, j
after, which the glee club will sing
"America."
Judge R. B. Carpenter will speak on i
"That Crime of 1873 and 16 to 1."
Hon. John P. Jackson's topic will be
"Attitude of the Republican party toward
silver at the present time."
United States Senator George C. Perkins
will show that "the Democratic party is
not to be relied upon to ( restore pros
perity." ;
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge will discuss
"the record of the Republican party, and
reasons why it can be trusted to carry out
its promises. "
Tirey. L. Ford will pay a tribute to
"William McKinley, soldier, statesman,
man and leader."
Rev. Anna Shaw will talk on politics,
and Chairman Knight will pronounce the
'•au revoir."
The speeches will be interspersed with
music by the glee club and by the Cali
fornia Quartet.
♦
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE.
A Well- Attended and Enjoyable •
Meeting In Saratoga
Hall.
The Continental League held one of the !
most largely attended meetings in its his- !
tory last evening. Frank D. Worth was in |
the chair and Maurice L. Asher acted as
secretary.
Amos Currier, chairman of the execu- '
tive committee, reported that the com
mittee had about perfected the arrange
ments for the open meeting and ladies'
night to be held under the auspices of tjje
league next Friday evening at Saratoga j
Hall. The committee had succeded in se- j
curing Senator Georee C. Perkins, Congress- I
man Loud, Robert Tibbetts and H. C. Dib
ble as speakers. An entertaining musical
and literary programme had been arranged.
In addition to those interestine features
dancine would be begun at 10:30 o'clock.
George Lewis of the brigade committee
reported that two battalions of the league
hod been organized into a drill corps. He
asked what the league proposed to do \
about uniforming the battalions. The |
subject was deferred until a later stage of
the proceedings.
Secretary Asher reported twenty -two
**«w members on the roll.
Bryan's Free-Trade Panacea Was a Blight
to the American Farming
Classes*
lenge the editors of the Democratic news
papers of the State of New York to come
out squarely and tell our farmers whether
they, the editors referred to, are or are not
in favor of abolishing these protective
duties on poultry and eggs.
"There are several other important pro
tected products of agriculture in the State
of New York, amone them the pepper
mint industry of Wayne County, which
affords an extensive employment to men,
women, girls and boys. The total value
of the peppermint crop to the farmers is
about $160,000 annually. The duty on
peppermint oil was raised from 25 per
cent— about 37 cents a pound — to 80 cents
a pound in the McKiniey act. This
proved beneficial to both farmer and
j manufacturer. It is, however, imprac
j ticable in this connection to present state
ments similar to the foregoing in repard
to all the tariff-protected products of New
York agriculture. The facts already
J stated clearly indicate the manner and
the extent to which New York agricul
tural interests are affected by foreign com
petition ; aliso, the justice of adequate pro
tection to those interests.
"Tne Democratic policy places wool on
the free list for the reason that it is re
garded as a 'raw material.' Hay, beans,
potatoes, hops, tobacco-leaf, poultry and
eggs are also placed in the same category.
When this insulting and ruinous Demo
cratic policy shall have carved all the
I benefits of protection out of the agricul
; tural interests of the State of New York
j those interests will be not only 'raw,' but
bleeding."
If these are peculiar instances wherein
I the tariff has proved a benefit to New
• York there are, also, samples of its bene
H. P. Goldstein of the committee on
campaign buttons received 348 buttons
from the factory. They are of brass,
gilded, and on each is embossed the three
figures constituting the vignette of the
league — the old Revolutionary tifer and
the two drummer boys, copied from the
celebrated oil painting. The buttons cosi
10 cents each for the first 500, and wnen
the question of price came to be consid
ered an animated debate ensued. Will E.
Fisher moved that the buttons be sold to
members at 15 cents each. Amos Currier i
moved that they be sold for 15 cents each
or two for 25 cents. Another member
moved that they be distributed without
any charge.
After a spirited discussion the price was
fixed at 15 cents each.
Under the bead of new business Frank
Roney moved that the membera of the
Municipal Reform League be invited to
address the league on the proposed new
charter.
M. Rosenthal suggested that as the Con
tinental League was a National body, and
not a local one, it would be highly im
proper for the league to dabble in munici
pal politics.
Chairman Worth said that on a former |
occasion the league had listened to an ad
dress from R. Freud on the same subject,
and it would be no more than justice to
allow the other side to speak.
Mr. Roney's motion was laid on the
table.
Will E. Fisher made -a little speech in
which he regretted that any one bhould
oppose the new charter.
George Lewis, on behalf of the brigade
committee, reported that the committee
had selected a uniform, and he wanted to
know how the unilorms were to be paid
for. The selection of the uniforms was
approved and the brigade committee was
given full power to act with regard to the
purchase of uniforms.
Professor Sichel played a piano solo very
acceptably, and tne Mohr brothers sang
several campaign quartets.
Captain W. H. Batchelder sang a comi
cal topical song which brought on an
encore.
Professor P. P. Ritter displayed a fine
voice in "I Love But Thee." For an en
core he sang ''In Old Madrid."
S. P. Salinsky recited "Dorkins' Night."
The meeting then adjourned.
«.
IN THE WEST END.
Enthusiastic Meeting of the Thtrty-
Seventh Assembly District
Republicans.
The West End Republican Club of the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District met
last evening in their new hall at the cor
ner of Haight and Stanyan streets, with
B. I. Solomon, the president, in the chair.
The other newly elected officers, which
were all present, are as follows:
First vice-president, John R. Aitkens;
second vice-president, W. G. Long; secre
tary, John Bennett; treasurer, James
Cairnes; sergeant-at-arms, John Sparks.
President Solomon announced that he
had appointed C. O. Burton, M. M. Stern,
James Alva Watt, Lyman I. Mowry,
Charles D. McGown, A. B. Maynard and
E. A. Tuttle an executive committee.
By a unanimous vote of the club the
action of the Republican County Com
mittee in appointing Lyman 1. Mowry as
president and Joseph Goddard as secre
tary of the new central club recently
organized under the auspices of the com
mittee was indorsed.
Prominent speakers present were called
upon for short addresses and among those
who responded was Judge W. W. AHen.
The Judge began with a "few remarks"
and ended witn a rousing Republican
gpeeeh.
"I began to labor in the ranks of the
grand old party forty years ago," said he,
"ami I hope to work on in that illustrions
company for many, even forty years more.
T.iat party has made the greatest country
on the face of the earth. Its whole object
is to learn the wants of the people and
then meet those wants and the people
have prospered until the cold, chilly hand
of Democracy has been laid upon them.
Under the dominion of the Republican
parly our National credit was good and
our checks were cashed all over the globe.
But it is not so now.
"When Harrison turned over the ad
ministration to the Democrats we had
just concluded an appropriation of $33,
--000,000 for a World's Fair. Now we could
not give 33 cents for such an object. It is
hard to convince people who won't investi
gate. The Democratic leaders say, 'Vote
your party ticket; never mind facts and
figures. ! That is excellent advice ior their
followers when tacts and figures are con
demning. They want silver. Why, down
in the Mint there are millions of* it, and
yet you cannot get a dollar of that heap
till you have earned it.
"If it were freely given to you it would
have no value. To earn it the Repub
lican party provides a way by protecting
labor. It is easy to coin money, but if it
has nothing behind it it has no value.
Down on Townsend street there has been
for three years wool stored away. We
have no factories and the raw material
lies in the warehouse valueless. Wool
that we bought in Australia has been sent
back to that country and sold.
"The most foolish thing on earth is the
fi^ht against the aggregation of capital.
What could we do without capital?
Whence would come our factories, our
shipping, our railroads and every great
moneyed tning that has been a prime fac
tor in the development of the country?
•'I must return to the money question
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
fits to the Pacific Coast. These have often
been dwelt upon by writers and speakers,
but they were recently made plain by
I Senator J. N. Doiph of Oregon, who said:
"The ceople of the Pacific Coast have an
object-lesson upon the tariff in the Chi
nese population. The characteristics of
the Chinese rnce are such that Chinese la
borers in the United States, no matter how
limited their numbers, necessarily come
into serious competition with white labor.
A Chinaman works for one-half the wages
required to support an American laborer.
He neither becomes a citizen identified
with business enterprises'nor to any con
siderable extent a consumer of American
products. He hoards his earnings to send
them abroad, while he supplants white la
bor, the wages of whicn would go to de
velop and enrich this country.
"Reasoning from the effect of the com
petition of a few Chinese laborers, who re
ceive for tbeir services probably ten times
the amount received at home for the same
labor, it is easy to understand the effect of
a policy which would cause many of our
industries to be transferred beyond the
sea, and would open our ports to the free
admission of the products of half-paid En
glish labor and the labor of India, China
and Japan.
"As a great section of the Union, the Pa
cific Coast shares in the general benefit of
a tariff which protects home industries,
stimulates enterprises, gives employment
to labor and promotes national prosperity.
Although, as manufacturing communities,
the Pacific Coast States do not as yet fa
vorably compare with many of the older
sections of the Union, their people have
for that reason probably a keener appre
ciation of the value of manufacturing in
again, for that is the issue of the cam
paign. I have had experience with fiat
money — Democratic money; have re
ceived it for my labor when a young man
in the Western States— a dollar of it worth
50 cents to-morrow and 2o cents the day
after — and I want no more of it. I want
only the sound money of the Republican
party."
Upon motion of General Salomon asvs
tem of "missionary work" was adopted.
One man was detailed to canvass cacti
I block of the district for new club mem-
I bers. The idea was received enthusias
tically, and all present promised to labor
in the good cause. The club adjourned,
j with three cheers for the Republican nom
inees, to meet next Tuesday evening.
MR. LOUD SPOKE.
New Republican Wigwam on Pre
sidio Heights Warmed With
Eloquence.
Congressman Loud and Colonel John H.
Robinson addressed a political meeting
last night on tbe summit of Presidio
Heights in the new Republican wigwam
on M yrtle street near Washington.
Judge Dibble, who was present as an
auditor, was called upon to speak, but
apologized and promised to avail him
self of another opportunity should one be
offered, when he would be prepared to say
something thoughtful and calculated to
aid in rolling up what he predicted will
be the greatest Republican vote ever
polled in the district.
Chairman George R. Sanderson ap
pointed the following committee to ar
j range the dates of future meetings in the
I wigwam and to engage speakers: Oscar
Lewis, Wallace Bradford, O. D. Baldwin,
H. C. Firebaugh and B. Severus.
The fallacy of the free coinage of silver
furnished Mr. Loud with a theme, during
the discussion of which he contradicted
many Democratic campaign statements,
and went further back than tbe so-called
"crime of '73" to Bhow that the Populist-
Democratic party is not telling the whole
truth in regard to demonetization and
prices of staple products.
Colonel Robinson discussed tbe tariff,
the money question, the party candidates,
political history and statistics and struc k
a responsive chord when he remarked,
"Come and take our silver coated papsr
pills; all your pockets it will fill. If per
chance it should kiil, tbe Republicans wil
foot the bill, for they alone have the skill."
He also told a story of one man after
another buying a lot at an increasing and
fancy price, paying a little cash and giv
ing a mortgage for the rest. As the sale
progressed each man got his money back
by the cash paid on account, and each
time the price and the mortgage increased.
Finally tne last man was ''stuck." He
couldn't hud a purchaser. Then he com
plained that there wasn't enough money
in circulation— more ought to be coined.
Some one asKed him why, and he replied,
"Why, to make more fools, of course."
Colored McKinley Clnb,
The Colored McKinley Club held a well
attended meeting in California Hall last
night, Chairman Sauiiders and Secretary
Butler being in their places. Speeches
were made by Rev. J. C. Pegram, Rev, J.
Callas and Rev. G. H. W. Smith.
Mr. Smith made a telling speech on the
evils brought about by the unwise re
vision of the tariff. In the course of his
remarks he said:
What a rosy picture we had painted for us
in 1892; what millions we were to expect. We
were to sell dearest and buy in the cheapest
markets. We took their worn for it and here
we are now. The least credible part of these
same gentlemen smearing tbe canvass with an
other picture for which they want us to pay
another four years or perhaps ten of this Na
tion's life.
Men deceived once are human; men deceived
twice by the same men are fools. lam bound
to say that the evil which has come to us by
mi unwise revision of tbe tariff has been greatly
aggravated by one of its consequences our loss
of revenue.
Whenever gold and silver have stood to
gether it has Deen at the market value. When
we tried to make gold and silver circulate to
gether we hf»ve married them according to the
market value. To-day we find them not 16 to
1, but 30 to 1, and we are going, they say, to
lift sliver to twice its value — not by the univer
sal sense of mankind which alone makes
value, bnt by the statutes of the United States,
single-handed against the civiltz-jd world.
Italian -Americana.
At a meeting of the Italian- American
Republican Club, corner of Powell and
Union streets, last night a uniform corps
was formed. It will be known as the
Italian Cadet Club of the Forty-fourth As
sembly District. One hundred uniforms
were ordered. The club will give a picnic
at Harbor View Park, Presidio, as soon as
the uniforms are ready.
The following were the officers elected:
Joseph Merani, captain; Leo Ratto, first
lieutenant; Eugene Cadenasso, second
lieutenant; Joseph Demartini, third lien
tenant.
A vote of thanks was tendered the
president, Ex-Senator E. C. Palmieri, for
his generous assistance.
Mi-k. Coleman'g Estate.
The Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Cairie M. P. Coleman, widow ctf Wil
liam T. Coleman of old-time Vigilance Com
mittee fame, was yesterday filed in the Pro
bate Court.
Mrs. Coleman left property valued at $302,
--654 88, most of which Is country real estate.
Her personal property is valued at $137,
--599 38, consisting of money in bank, stocks,
bonds and notes.
dustries, as is evidenced by their efforts
to secure manufacturing establishments.
They know that the removal of protection
from manufacturing industries always
makes their maintenance impossible, and
they look to a restoration of the principles
of protection as the one thing that will in
sure the future development of those vast
manufacturing industries which, on ac
count of their commercial and geograph
ical situation, and the abundance of
material and facilities for manufacturing,
they have every assurance to reauably
expect.
"The growth and prosperity of the com
merce of the Pacific Coast is dependent
largely upon the protection policy. It is
protection which builds up commerce be
tween the States: which directs trade into
domestic channels; which creates a variety
of industries within the Nation ; promotes
the rapid and constant interchange of
services between persons employed in
different industries and the exchange of
domestic products between the different
sections of the Union. The most wonder
ful and valuable commerce of the world is
that between 65.000,000 of people protected
by the American tariff system. The in
crease of our foreign imports would mean
not alone loss to our domestic industries
and of labor to our workingmen, but loss
to our internal and interstate commerce
as well.
"The people of the Pacific Coast under
stand what is meant by a tariff for revenue
only. The Mills bill, as an educational
document was a success. They have been
taught that a tariff forrevenue only would
put on the free list nearly everything they
produce, grain, vegetables, wool, fruit,
lumber, coal and lead, and that thu leaves
IS OPPOSED TO
FREE SILVER,
A. B. Wood, the Founder of
Leadville, Says That It
Would Cause Ruin.
IS TOO MUCH TO COIN.
The Dollar Would Be Debased
to the Value of the
Bullion.
MICHIGAN SAFE FOR M'KItfLEY
Pingree's Interesting Campaign— A
Copper King on the Mines
of Superior.
A. B. Wood of Michigan, the world
famous mining man, who discovered tbe
first silver and lead carbonates at Lead-
A. B. Wood, the Famous Mining Man. Who Discovered the Carbonate Ores at
Leadville, and Who Is Opposed to free Silver.
[Sketched from life by a "Cali* artist.)
ville, named that celebrated camp, and
got the first postofiice established there, is
at the Palace.
Mr. Wood discovered the pay chute of
the renowned Iron Silver mine, and for a
number of years was the manager and a
large owner in that and other properties.
He had much to do with the development
of the wonderful ore deposits in the Rob
ert E. Lee mine, and was a pathfinder in
that great csmp in hitting on ways and
means of treating the ores.
Since Mr. Wood left Leadville he has
become heavily interested in silver and
gold mining elsewhere. He is also ex
tensively interested in copper mining.
For years he has been a large owner in the
Calumet and Hecla, adjudged for a long
time to be the greatest copper mine on the
globe.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
them at a great disadvantage with the
world."
It is beginning to dawn on students of
recent tariff legislation more plainly each
day that tne predictions of Bryan were all
wrong as to the effects that would follow
the adoption of the Wilson bill. His
theories were all totally wrong, and his
reasoning vicious; for he beheld general
prosperity and everywhere foretold re
newed activity of factories and a general
revival of business. The most casual
study of the question disabuses the mind
of the idea that there has been tne faintest
semblance of prosperity under the Wilson
bill.
Take wool as a striking instance. No
one will pretend that the business did not
meet its death blow in free trade.
Another leading industry of the coast
} which the McKinley act protected was
| lumber, a most important enterprise. It
is said that there is invested in the lum
bering business of this country $300,000,
--000; that it cives employment to 1,000,000
people. In Washington, west of the Cas
oade Mountains, there are 20.000.000 acres
of timber lands, and there are also large
and valuable tracts, scarcely less in extent
and value, in Western Oregon. The red
wood lumber of California is a valuable
article of commerce. The Pueet Sound
mills have a capacity of over 900,000,000
feet of lumber annually, and the manu
facture of lumber upon the Sound in a
sinele year has reached 800,000,000 feet.
| The Democratic party proposes free trade
! in lumber.
Timber and labor are so much cheaper
in British Columbia, and the manufac
turers are enabled to obtain so much
cheaper machinery there, that when the
duty was removed from lumber the in-
I dustry was greatly crippled upon the
I Pacific Coast and elsewhere in the United
States.
The farmers of the country have not
been slow to note the evi^ effects of the
Wilson bill, nor are they unmindful of the
benefits they have felt as a result of pro
tection in the past.
It is not likely that so many deeply
affected classes will forget the benefits of
a thorough-going Republican policy or
ignore the injuries that have accrued to
them under a few years of what Mr. Bryan
called "a panacea for hard times."
The gentleman has been on a visit to the
IJ.acK Hills, Colorado, Arizona and Or
egon, in all of which be has been examin
ing mine-.
"1 have lone since quit managing
mines," said he, "as I do not care for the
responsibility. I think twenty years ex
perience in that way is enough. But if I
could tiiui a mine that I want I would buy
it. This has been the caus6 of my trip.
But I want to be careful what I get, for
while a good mine is the nicest thing a
man can own, a poor one is the very worst.
It is said that it costs $500,000 on the aver
age to make a good miner; that is, it takes
that much in tbe way of failures to make
him a good judge.
"As a rule I have found that good mines
declare their intentions very early in their
history. Relative to Leadville, while I
could not foresee the entire importance of
that place I J^new it was going to be a great
lead camp. I named the town and wrote
myself an application to Washington dur
ing Grant's administration in the seven
ties, asking for a postofhee and the ap
pointment of H. A. W. Tabor as post
master.
"The great coDper mines of Lake Supe
rior, from which I have come oy easy
stages, are in a prosperous condition.
There is 118 miles along the portage that
is devoted to mining.
"The Calumet and Hecla last year pro
duced about 42,000 tons of ore. TheQuincy,
which is next in importance to it, pro
duced from 800 to 1000 tons a month.
These are the two principal mines.
"We have gone through the period of
working unprofitable mines there, and
have settled down to the good ones. In
fact I don't think there is as much pros
pecting as there ought to be, for there is
yet a large amount ol country that has not
been properly tested.
"Lake copper is worth about 11 cents
now, the price still being high.
"The sapphire and ruby mines at Hel
ena, Mont., of which I for a time had the
management, are not being worked now.
We got out a lot of tbe stones, and then as
the market was well supplied it was con 9
eluded best to hold off awhile. It wwea c
right after the Baring failure, and ther r
was not as much of a demand as usual fo
je wels.
1 'The sapphires at Helena are what are
known as fancy sapphires. They are not
exactly the cornflower blue. The rubies
are pinks and reds, while, as in most
mines, few were of a really pigeon-blood
color. These mines are, as you know,
iargely Owned by English capitalists.
"As to silver, which is now an issue in
the campaign, with the proposition to
coin it without restriction, I muse say I
think it would be a bad thing for the
country. In place of its helping business
and making times prosperous it would, in
my judgment, cause very hard times.
"I am in favor of gold and of the finan
cial policy adopted by the Republicans in
their National platform, because it is the
only course that is destined to bring pros
perity here
"If we com all the silver that comes to our
mints you will simply see the value of the
silver dollar reduced to its bullion value.
That is the ultimate end. Nothing can
prevent it
"At the same time the gold will dis
appear. If you have gold and silver in
your pocket and have a bill to pay you
wont pay the bill with gold. You will
hold on to that. But you will pay the
bill with the silver. The jrolcl will dis
appear from the country as it has in Mex
ico. They have, indeed, had both kinds of
money there, but you can go from one
end of the country now to the other and
you won't see any gold.
"I confidently hope for the election of
Mr. McKinley, for that will bring Rood
times, while the election of Mr. Bryan
would undoubtedly make times infinitely
worse. As to Michigan, my own State, I
will say I do not consider there is any
doubt about that going Republican. It is
a certain Republican State.
"The nomination of Mayor Pingree of
Detroit for Governor has materially added
to the strength of the Republican cause.
Mayor Pingree has hitherto interested
himself a great deal in the cause of the
people and they believe in him. He fought
the gas company and the streetcar com
pany and beat tnem, and he also, as will
be remembered, planted the vacant lots in
the city in potatoes to aid the poor. He
will poll a heavy majority.
"The Lake Superior basin last year pro
duced over 9,000,000 tons of 6per cent stan
dard iron. A great deal of salt, lumber
and similar interests are at stake there.
Michigan is r tariff State.
"Now, in Colorado if you oppose free sil
ver they hoot you, but that isn't argument.
As a man whose life has been devoted to
the study of tbe precious metals I must
say I can see only far worse times by
throwing open our mints to the white
metal."
DIED NEAR HIS HOUSE.
William Scott, an Aged Merchant, Sud
denly expires.
William Scott, 72 years of age, residing
at 1339 Pine street, was found dead in a
vacant lot on Bush and Martin streets at
1:30 o'clock Thursday morning.
He left home at 10 o'clock Thursday
morning, and his relatives hunted for him
since noon, as he was in feeble health and
not accustomed to being away from the
house long at a time.
Scott's body was sent to the Receiving
Hospital in the patrol wagon. The doctor
said he had been dead several hours.
Mr. Scott was a merchandise broker.
He was a member of Hercules Lodee, A.
O. U. W.
' — — ■'■ •"■..'
Special Sunday Afternoon Programme
at Sutro Baths.
The following interesting programme has
been arranged for Sutro Bath* Sunday after
noon, August 23: I— Fifty-yard race for boys.
2— lOO-yard race, open to al). 3— Cornell and
Empey, fancy and burlesque aerial kings. 4—
Tub race, fifty yards. 5— A game of water polo
by the California Swimming Club vs. Del
Monte Water Polo Club. 6— Three-round bur- i
lesque glove contests on a raft between A. Katin |
and A. McKillop. 7— Doughnut race, fifty
yards. B— High and fancy diviug by California
Swimming Cub, together with a grand con
cert by Gauloise band.
Labor Day still in Abeyance.
The San Francisco Council of Labor at its
meeting last night referred the question of
Labor day to a committee for further con
sideration. A like action was taken on the
dispute between the local tailors' union and
that of the National organization, over which
there has been so much dispute before the
local body. A report from both committees is
expected at the next meeting of the council.
NEW TO-DAT.
Take No Substitute..
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
jm— CONDENSED* HILK
Has always stood FIRST in the estima-
; tion of the American People. No other is
"just as good." Best Infant Food.
■ IfHI ||i twill ■■■!>! II i Mi
45 SBOTWELL ST. JEAR FOURTEENTH.
MODERN HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND BATH. IN
first-class orJer, \vi;h stable; suitable for Phy-
sician. Apply to O. H. I MBSK.N & CO.,
14 llontg ornery street.
S Tobacco Dealers say, that©.
S "BATTLE AX" is a "scorcher" J
g because it sells so fast Tobacco <
S Chewers say, it is a "scorcher" be- a
Scathe Jocents f worth goes so far* It's ®
g as good as can be made regardless of S
S cost For 10 cents you get almost j
S twice as much as you do of other ®
S fegji grade brands.
COSMOPOIjIT A.IV.
Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., B*n
irancisco, Cal — The most select family hotel In
the city. Board and room fl, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meala 25c. Booms 50c
aud <5c a day. Free coach to *nd from the hoceL
uwk. tor tfu- coacb bearing the name of the Co«-
-mopolitaD Hotel. WM. FAHEV, Proprietor.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE VILE!
A, P« A, Grand President.
His Life Laid Bare By
Sworn Affidavits
j-*j * |
THESTAR
Edited by JAMES H. BARRY.
Subscription - - - $1.50 per Year.
5 Cents a Copy.
! L. W, LOYEY, Manager, 429 Montgomery St.
DOCTOR COOK
The greatest of modern specialists, re-
stores Lost Manhood and cares in men of
all ages Nervous Debility, Impotency,
Weakening Dreams, Sleeplessness, Ex-
hausting Drains, Vital Losses, Despon-
dency, Stupidity, Bashfulness, Pimples,
Gonorrhea, Stricture. Syphilis, Varicocele,
Hydroceie, Shrunken Organs and every
form of sexual disease, deformity or disa-
bility. Piles, Fistula, Rupture and
Catarrh. a specialty.. Careful attention
given to female complaints and to Heart,
Lung, Liver, Stomach, Kidney, Bladder
and urinary ailments of both sexes. The
worst cases solicited and positive cures
guaranteed. Write if you cannot call, as
the doctor's system of home treatment by
mail is perfect. Office hours, 9t012 a. m.,
2to 5 and 7 to Bp. m. Sundays from 10 to
12 a. M. only. . Address
nnPTnB nnnif 860 market street,
UUU I Ult bUlm, Qpp. Powell, 8. F., Cal.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
— — oi' THE—
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI
• OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEABXY AND WASHINGTON BTS.-RB-
modeled anil renovated. KINO, WARD & COt
European plan. Kooms 500 to 91 50 per day, $1
to $8 per weelb $8 to $30 per montti: free bat In.
hot and cold water every room; lira grate* 14
every room; elevator ran* all night,
Si OPIUM
'iiiw i n ■ is v* '" * JSS wsr?^~ cm ' m Ju OS ■&&< ffe»
The pur« essential extract from the natlTe drag. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
wiiJiout ?ts noxious elements. ■■ No sickness cf «tomach|
no Tumit.ug ;no costtveneps , no hcadadie. All Druggist*.WANTS TO LIVE
WITH HER FATHER,
Grace Baker Does Not Care
for Her Female
Relatives.
RUNS AWAY FROM HOME.
Prefers Her Mother to Her
Grandmother, but Doesn't
Like Either.
HER PARENTS ARE DIVORCED.
A Fourteen-Year-Old Girl Who Has
Studied the Law Regarding
Her Position.
A little girl has been found who don't
like her grandmother. She don't like
her mother either, but sne confided to
Judge Slack yesterday that she bad a
hundred times rather live with her mother
than with her grandmother. She is a
bright-faced pretty little miss, and she
lioesn't seem to be such a very, very bad
girl, but she told unblushingly how she
ran away from home ever so many times.
The little girl's name is Grace Baker,
and her father and mother have not lived
together for almost ever since she can
remember. Her mother, Mrs. Susan Baker,
who is a school-teacher, got a divorce away
back in 1887, and was by the court given
the custody of Gracie. Grade has a mind
of her own, and for some time has been
deeply thinking about the action of the
severe old Judge, who said her mother
might have charge of her.
Papa Baker has been in the habit of
coming to see his little daughter once or
twice a month for a long time, and during
these occasional interviews she formed
quite a liking for her father. He took her
to Oakland with him and the two wan
dered about together in Blairis Park and
almost forgot to come home, so happy
were they in each other's company. When
they finally did get back Mrs. Baker met
them at the door and gave them both a
raking over for staying out so late.
The happy hours Miss Grace spent with
her father caused her to long for his com
ing and made her restless at home. Her
mother was unable to control her effectu
ally and they had bitter quarrels, and
then Gracie would run away. She was
sent to live with her grandmother, but
she ran away from there, too. It was in
describing her levanting from her crand
r>arent3 that she used the remark quoted
in the first pan^'raph of this story. She
said when >he left there she went to her
Aunt Lucinda, "who," she naively added,
"doesn't like grandmother very well,
either."
Tne result of all the runnings away was
that Gracie finally ran to her father. She
one day, so she testified, was in a library
looking over some volumes when she
found a musty old law book. She glanred
through it and saw a passage, "ail in lit-
KATHRYN KIDDER AS MME. SANS GENE.
tie, fine print," which said that a minor of
the age of 14 years might choose her own
guardian. She thought she saw a way
out of all her troubles and so consulted
her father about it. Then shyrent to a
lawyer. But alas, she found tffat the Jaw
didn't apply to her case.
Yesterday the Bakers were in Judge |
Slack's court, represented by a number of j
attorneys, fightiner for the possession of 1
the child. Mrs. Baker, with tears in her 1
eyes, declared that she has only her off
spring to live fo» Gracie stoutly main
tains that she will not reside with her
mother and that she wants to spend her
days with her father, who ha 3 placed her
in a young ladies's school on Pacific
avenue, where she is beine taught French
and Latin and other polite accomplish- |
ments.
Mrs. JJaker, however, says that her ex- j
husband is not a proper person to have
charge of an innocent child. Bhe claims 1
that he is a "bad man" in the truest sense
of the word; that he was unfaithful to her
during their married life; that he is un
truthful, unreliable and dishonest. She
cites an instance in which she declares
that Baker stabbed a man at Los Angeles,
and also says that he has on several oc- |
casions appropriated property belonging j
to other people, all the while being osten- |
sibly a pillar of the church to which he |
belonged.
There was not time to finish the argu
ment yesterday, so the matter went over
until to-day.
Gracie is a very intelligent, lovable, lit
tle girl, and no matter to whom the court
may see fit to award her, one thing is cer
tain she will lead any one wno tries to
keep her from her father a dog's life.
Uefaulting Messenger- Boy.
henry Chester, a messenger in the employ-
raent of the American District Company, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on the
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement. On
August 15 he got $46 from L. Heath of the
Liverpool, London and Globe Insurance Com
pany to deliver, but he tailed to do so, and
went to Santa Rosa, where he was arrested.
HUGH O'NEIL CONVICTED
Will Ec Sentenced for Bringing Tuber
culous Meat Into Thig County
for Sale.
Hugh O'Neil, the San Mateo County
butcher, who for several years carried on
the business of slaughtering decrepit
horses in this City and sending tnem to
Chinatown lor sale, was convicted by act
ing Police Judge Kerrigan yesterday of
sending into this county tuberculous
beef.
Thomas Mahoney and Patrick Harring
ton, who were driving tne wagon contain
ing the beef when captured by Market In
spector Ben Davis and a squad of police,
testified thai O'Neil had instructed them
to convey the meat to a butcher-shop in
Chinatown. They were corroborated by
other witnesses. O'Neil claimed that he
had given the beef to the young men to
carry to the fertilizing works, but as he
could bring no evidence to support his
statement his story failed to impress the
court, particularly as Inspector Davis tes
tified that attempts had been made to re
move the tubercules from the ribs of tha
carcass by scraping them.
Judge Kerrigan found O'Neil guilty un
der the section of the law that prohibits
the transporting into the County, selling
or exposing for sale diseased meat, and
ordered him to appear for sentence to-day,
intimating tnat in bis judgment the of
fense merited a severe penalty.
MISS KATHRYH KIDDED,
The Star of the Mme. Sans Gene
Company Expected To-
Day.
Impersonator of the French Laundress
Who Fascinates Napoleon Bona
parte in the Play.
] Miss Kathryn Kidder, who assumes the
i role of Catherine Hubscher, the washer-
I woman of the Rue St. Roch in Sardou's
Mme. Sans Gene, will arrive in this City,
overland, this evening. She will make
her first appearance in this character at
the Baldwin Theater Monday evening,
August 31. Miss Kidder is a lady of
marked personality who has made an en
viable place for herself in the dramatic
profession. Sardou, when she was abroad,
sent for her to visit him in his study.
Sardou said to her that he "had made
Mme. Sans Gene a vulgar woman and as
such she must be played."
Some light is thrown upon Miss Kid
der's characteristics by her response to the
great playwright. "Pardon me, sir," she
said, with emphasis, "you do not know
American audiences as well as I do. I
shall p!ay her as an ignorant woman, but
not a vulgar woman."
It is related of Miss Kidder that she has
fads. One of these is a fondness for lace
handkerchiefs, of which she has made a
very large collection. She has gathered
them from all parts of the country, North,
South, East and West, and sbe never fails
to purchase one in every city she visits as
a memorial. She is noted for her love of
pretty things, and perhaps her handker
chief collection illustrates this.
Another trait is illustrated by her ac
count of her personal impressions concern
ing Sardou. She has sent an account of
this to a friend in this City. She was in
Sardou's studio only a comparatively
short time, but she took in her surround
ines with the fidelity of a camera.
"It is not the studio," she writes, "that
one would have expected to find in the
home of a writer, but had more the ap
pearance of an artist's sanctum. There
were very few draperies, but the walls
were hung with etchings and exquisite
pictures of every description, while the
furnishings of the room were of the rich
est character, and everything, even to the
writing-desk at which the playwright was
seated, was arranged with the exacting
neatness that betrayed the hand of a care
ful woman."
During the interval preceding the first
production here of "Mme. Sans Gene"
Miss Kidder will devote some time to see
ing the sights of the City.
» — ♦ — •
The Unknown Dead.
Yesterday morning the body of an unknown
man was found in an empty freightcar on
Towns>end street, between Fourth and Fifth.
Near the body was found a half empty box of
rough-on-rats, indicating that the man had
committed suicide. Nothing was found on
the remains by which he could be Identified.
He was about six feet tall, weighed about 170
pounds, was of a dark complexion, with long,
brown hair, smooth face, and had a very prom
inent nose. He wore a dark diagonal cuta
way cout and vest. He was aged about 30
years. A cord from the Capitol House, Stock
ton, was found in his pocket.
An unknown man, thought to be an opium
fiend, died at the Receiving Hospital yester
day morning. He was found in Plaza square,
on Kearny street, Thursday night, by Officer
Barnes, v.-ho had him taken to the hospital in
the patrol wagon. The deceased was about 45
years old. wore black clothes, and bad a
smooth face and red, curly hair.
Barry's Stab lay« bare the A. P. A. President
Hudelbon's life. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
GREAT CARNIVAL
OF ELOQUENCE,
Foraker and Teller to Speak
at the Sacramento
Fair.
atTESTIONS OF THE DAY.
They Will Be Discussed by
Orators of the East and of
California.
RESTRICTIONS TO BE IMPOSED.
Neither Parties Nor Candidates for
Office to Be Mentioned by the
Plans have been prepared and are under
consideration which, if carried out, will
give to the people of the State of California
one of the greatest intellectual festivals it
has ever been the privilege of any State in
the Union to enjoy.
Sacramento will be the scene of the ora
torical innovation, and it will be under the
auspices of the State Board of Agriculture,
and will be provided during the continu
ance of the annual fair of the board during
the latter part of September.
Not only will the best talent of the ros
trum of California be called upon to par
ticipate in the carnival of eloquence but
such speakers as Senators Foraker and
Teller are to be invited to address the peo
ple of California on the great and burning
politico-economic questions that are at
present agitating the public mind of the
United States.
But a few days ago John Boggs, a promi
nent member of the State Board of Agri
culture, approached W. H. Mills, who has
a remarkable fund of new ideas always on
tap, and asked him if he could not sug
gest something that would lend a new at
traction to the annual fair of the board to
be held at Sacramento — something that
would break up the monotony of the exhi
bition and display's.
Mr. Mills suggested as a very appropri
ate thing the discussion in public of the
question of markets for the products
of the agriculturists. • This naturally
brought up the question of the tariff, ow
ing to the important bearing that matter
has upon markets for American products,
and this in turn brought up the various
issues of the approaching efection. The
problem was to divest these discussions of
any partisan character.
The further the matter was discussed be
tween the two gentlemen the more impor
tance and fascination it assumed. In
view of the purity-of-e!ection law, it was
argued, it was impossible for any of the
parties to spend any considerable money
in the way of educating the people, and
this would be a cheap way of doing so.
As the result of tins interview Director
Boggs requested Mr. Mills to write out his
ideas, so that they would be clearly out
lined. Mr. Mills did so and they were
promptly placed before the board. They
met with favor, and Mr. Mills was then
asked to formulate a complete programme
embracing his full plan of education. This
he has done and the result of his labors is
now in the hands of the board, who will
act finally upon the matter to-day at Sac
ramento. Mr. Mills' communication,
which it is expected the Board of Agricul
ture will adopt as a whole, embraces not
only the proposed programme, but the
purposes of the project. It is as follows:
The State Board of Agriculture, believing
the future welfare of the people of the State
of California to be Inseparable from the estab
lishment of sound political and economic doc
trines, recognizes the presence oi State and
National problems, the solution of which
challenges the earnest, thoughtful and con
servative attention of our people. It has there
fore decided to promote the non-partisan con
sideration of the political and economic
questions of the day, and to tnat end has
determined to invite the proponents of vari
ous political and economic theories to diseu«s
these theories before the assembled multi
tudes of our citizens at Sacramento during the
coming annual exhibition of the board.
In the execution of this purpose the board is
prompted solely by a desire to promote the
education of the people, to direct public
thought into reasoning and conservative
channela, and to inspire patriotic devotion to
the highest good of the country, and especially
to the future welfare of the people of the State
of California. To the end that the considera
tion of the questions to be discussed FhaU not
degenerate into partisan disputation, it is
hereby resolved that the following rules be
and are hereby adopted for the direction and
government of the disoussiqns.
1. The discussion of public questions before
the board shall not at any time take the form
oi' a debate.
2. The discussion of any subject by any
speaker shall be limited to the effect of the
policy advocated upon the people of the State
of Ca ifoinia.
3. The following shall constitute the ques
tions which shall be discussed, one address to
be delivered on each day, except as otherwise
nrovided :
How would the policy of high protection af
fect the welfare of the people of California ?
How would the policy of a tariff for revenue
only affect the welfare of the people of Cali
fornia ?
How would the policy of a modified tariff
supplemented by an income tax for the pur
pose of raising Federal revenue affect the wel
fare of the people of California ?
How will the free coinage of legal tender
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 without the con
currence of other nations affect the welfare of
the people of California?
How will the free and unlimited coinage of
legal-tender silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 by
international agreement affect the welfare of
the people of California ?
How will the permanent establishment of
the single gold standard affect the welfare of
the people of the State 0/ California ?
How will the construction of the Nicaragua
canal promote the welfare of the people of the
State of California?
How may California secure a re-enforcement
of her capital and population ?
fNote.— The two last-mentioned subjects will
be discussed on the same date.]
How will the proposed amendment to the
State constitution abolishing the tax on mort
gages affect the welfare of the people of Cali
fornia?
How will the defeat of the proposed amend
ment abolishing the tax on mortgages and the
maintenance of the constitution in its present
form affect the welfare of the people of Cali
fornia?
How will the proposed amendment to the
constitution of California relating to woman
suffrage affect the people of California?
How will the defeat df the proposed amend
ment and the maintenance of the provisions
of the constitution of this State, limiting the
exercise of suffrage to male citizens only,
affect the interests of the people of California?
[Note.— The amendments to the constitution
being Btate issues, the discussion of each has
been assigned to a single day.]
What adjustment of the debt owed by the
Pacific railroads to the Government of the
United States would best promote the welfare
of the people of California?
[Note.— Two addresses to be delivered in
answer to the last-named question.]
4. The addresses shall be delivered in the
State Agricultural Pavilion at Sacramento,
commencing at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, and
the admission shall be the same as ordinary
admission to the pavilion— 2s cents.
5. During the delivery of the addresses the
exhibits shall be deemed to be closed to
visitors, and the audience will not be per
mitted to disturb the addresses by walking
through the pavilion; but it is expected that
auditors will be seated.
6. The audience will be permitted to mani
fest approval by decorous applause, but in no
case will any manifestation of disapproval be
countenanced.
7. No political banner or device relating to
the political campaign will be permitted to be
carried or displayed r>y any member of the au
dience.
8. The names of, candidates before the pco
pie for electionCfo efflce shall not be men
tioned, and cheers or demonstrations of favor
itism will not be permitted.
Auditors are earnestly solicited to heartily
second the effort of the State Board of Asrricul
ture to have the discussion of these important
questions before them as a jury of American
citizens, conducted with Don-partisan de
corum.
The Doard will confer with political commit
tees upon the question of the personality of
those wno will address the people upon these
political and economic topics, but it reserves
to itself the right of final selection.
The board will appoint a presiding officer
for the proposed meetings, who will be vested
with authority to call any speaker to order
who transgresses ibe rules hereby established
and enforce upon the audience a courteous
and decorous attention.
As a rule, there is nothing of interest
going on during the mornings at the
State Fair, and it is for this reason that
the morning hours, 10 and 12,
have been selected. The pavilion is to be
arranged so that it will be possible to seat
5000 people within easy range of the
speaker's voice.
Arrangements have already been made
which will insure the presence of Senator
Henry M. Teller at the fair. He will speak
on behalf of the free coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. He is expected to ar
rive in San Francisco next month.
Efforts are being made by the Republi
can State Central Committee to bring Sen
ator Foraker to the coast, and should
these negotiations prove successful he will
be asked to speak at Sacramento on the*
subject of tariff protection.
General W. H. L. Barnes will also be
asked to speak to a subject that is an
issue with the Republican party, and its
selection will probably be left to him.
M. M. Estee is mentioned in connection
with silver from a Republican stand
point.
Senator Stephen M. White will explain
the beauties, as be sees them, of a tariff
for revenue.
Captain William L. Merry will be given
the opportunity of talking to the masses
of the benefits that will accrue to the
people of the State when the Nicaragua
Canal is a fait accompli.
General N. P. Chipman, president of the
State Board of Trade, will tell what in his
opinion is the best way to attract immi
gration to California.
John P. Irish, the enthusiastic gold
Democrat in season and out, will be in
vited to expound the benefits of a single
gold standard to the people of California.
Witty and eloquent Anna Shaw, if the
wishes of -the local Woman's Suffrage
Association are heeded, will dilate upon
the effect of the defeat of the woman's
suffrage amendment on the people of
California.
No speakers have yet been mentioned in
connection with the other subjects on the
programme, but they will be selected with
particular reference to their knowledge of
the subject allotted to them and their
ability to speak in public. It is the pur
pose to make this course of education in
political economy not only satisfyingly
informative but thoroughly enjoyable.
GOT MANY SPECIMENS,
Return of University Men
From a Tour in Lower
California.
An Ex-Convict Crushed to Death
Under a Keg of Butter on
the Queen.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Queen, from Alaska, and the Orizaba from
Mexico. Among the passengers on the
former was J. A. Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific. At Sitka the Queen took on about
twenty miners who were tired of prospect
ing for gold. Their story does not vary
from that of the hundreds who have
reached home before them. An ex-con
vict named Patton lost his life alongside
the steamer at Sitka. He and a compan
ion were attempting to steal a keg of
butter from the vessel. It slipped when
the tnief was passing it over the side, and
and taking Patton along, both butter and
man went throuah the bottom of the boat
that was alongside, and disappeared.
Patton never came up again.
Among the passengers on the Orizaba
were: D. Coolidge of Stanford University,
L. H. Miller of the University of Califor
nia and J. J. Abbott, also of Stanford.
They have been in Lower California for
three months, and during that time nave
cellected 1300 specimens of birds, 700 of
animals, a large assortment of reptiles and
insects and over 1300 eggs. They bring a
larse assortment of bats, a large colony of
which Coolidjje discovered by tumbling
into the hole. They say the only deadly
animal they encountered down south was
the skunk. Anything that the filthy beast
bites gets hydrophobia and dies. One of
the guides employed by the party was
bitten by one of the animals and died two
days Jater.
The Maie Island and Vallejo steamer
Monticello has not been running this week.
I Some necessary repairs to her machinery
had to be made, so she was laid up.
Although the Sunol has practically had
the route to herself in consequence the
fare of 10 cents to Vallejo has not been
increased, so the traveling public has no
cause of complaint.
The bark Theobald will return to Coal
Bay, Alaska^ next week with miners,
miners' supplies and machinery. The
sample coal cargo she brought down has
turned out so weli that work on the mine
will be pushed and a regular line of colliers
put on.
The German bark H. Hackfeld, now at
Honolulu, has been chartered to load
wheat here for Europe at £1 71 6d Jess
1 shilling and 3 pence direct. The bark is
expected here in a couple of weeks.
Andrew Jacobson, a sailor on the
steamer Mackinaw, had a narrow escape
yesterday. Had it not been for James
Black, one of the Merchants' Exchange
reporters, the chances are that he would
have lost his life. Captain Littlefield
always sends a boat ashore for his wife
when he is off Meiggs wharf, and yester
day Jacobson was detailed for the job.
The backwash of the steamer capsized his
boat and ho got tangled in the towing
line. Black went to his assistance or tie
would surely have been drowned. This
makes half a dozen lives that the daring
boatman has saved during the last year.
LINCOLN POST SOCIAL.
Profes.ior W. W. Stone Gives His Old
Comrades an X-Kay
Lecture.
Principal W. W. Stone of South San
Francisco Primary School lectured on the
X-ray in N. S. G. W. Hall last evening. It
was the occasion of the regular social of
Lincoln Post, G. A. A., of which Professor
Stone is a member, and he was invited to
talk electricity to the comrades.
The lecturer stating in the outset that
the way to build a house was to begin at
the base, commenced with the "wave
theory" and explaining the forward move
ment that was sound, the vibratory that
was light, and the spiral that was elec
tricity. He spoke of the beautiful solar
spectrum, then the far-reaching ray. With a
number of chemicals and several electrical
appliances, Professor Stone illustrated his
entertaining lecture. After the scientific
repast, refreshments were served and the
rest of the evening was passed socially.
Sunday Baseball.
The Imperials will try conclusions with the
San Franciscos next Sunday at the California
Baseball League grounds at Sixteenth and
Folsora streets at 2:30 P. M. The line-up is as
follows:
Imp»rißls. Position. San Franclgcos.
John McCarthy Left flold B. i.evy
D. Crowley Kignt field j. Leonard
C. Muller renter field m. Zann
J. Nealon First baie m. Murpny
D. Creamer. Second base JF. Monohan
X Smith Third bn.se p. Swe. ney
M. Green Catcher \v. Scon
T. Kelly Pitcher J. Cooney
H. Beckett, BhortstOD 11. Kins
GEORGE STOLEN
ACCUSED OF CRIME
Indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury on a Seri
ous Charge.
SENT OBSCENE LETTERS
Ex-Inspector Williams and Louie
Quong Again Under In
vestigation.
WILL PROBABLY BE INDICTED
Attorney P. B. Glidden Arrested for
Sending Improper Matter Through
the Mails.
It is probable that the United States
Grand Jury will on Tuesday next return
an indictment against Dick Williams and
Louis Quong on a charge of subornation
of perjury.
The Grand Jury yesterday considered a
portion of the evidence in the new case,
and in Federal circles it is whispered tnat
there is no question as to the final out
come. The principal witness examined
was Dong Sing Yit, a demure Chinese
maiden who claims to have seen but 17
summers.
It seems that Dong Sing was brought
into tbis country illegally, though through
whose connivance is not definitely shown.
In any event, it appears that Williams
and Quong were brought into the case,
and it is now claimed prevented Dong
Sing from testifying to the truth. Com
missioner Heacock was before the jury
and gave evidence of a most important
character, and Assistant Attorney Schles
singe'r will appear before the jury next
Tuesday and give testimony corroborating
all that has gone before. When this is
done it is generally believed that an in
dictment on the charges above named will
be returned.
An indictment to be placed on the se
cret file was returned against George Stier
len, the well-known architect and builder,
and bond fixed at $2500. The charge is send
ing obscene letters to Mrs. Alfred Is?on,
now deceased, and who, it may be re
marked, was the wife of his brother-in
law. The damaging letters were in the
po3sessionol Jud#e Sanderson, who turned
them over to the Grand Jury at the urgent
request of that body.
Isson is a jeweler doing business at 11C
Pacific street. Three years ago he lived
in Mexico, and it is claimed that while
Mrs. Issou was on a visit to this City she
became enamored of Stierleu. The hus
band heard of this and requested the im
mediate return home of his wife. The
woman started on the ill-fated Colima and
lost her life in the wreck. Subsequently
Isson found certain letters written to his
wife by the accused man. He opened them
and found that they were of an extremely
obscene nature.
Tne husband, angry beyond measure,
returned to the City and instituted suit
j against Stierlen for alienating his wife's
; affections. The letters were never allowed
1 to go to tne jury, and pending an appeal
lof Isson's cause, Judge Sanderson re
tained them in his possession. Isson ap
plied to the Federal authorities for re
dress, but nothing could be done in the
matter at that time, because Judge Mor
row had held there no was crime in send
ing obscene letters, provided they were
sealed. Since then Judge Ross has held
otherwise and been sustained by the Su
preme Court. With these facts well be
fore the jury it was only a matter of a few
moments to return the indictment above
referred to.
Prescott B. Glidden, the young attorney
who was indicted by the Grand Jury last
Tuesday on a charge of sending obscene
matter through the mails, was arrested
yesterday. Glidden is accused of making
life generally miserable for Miss Jennie
Ryan, the pretty stenographer of Attor
ney Firebaugh. Some months ago the
youns> lady secured a temporary revenue
by publicly horsewhipping the attorney.
The affair created considerable excitement
at the time, but was finally hushed up.
For a time Glidden ceased his attentions
to Miss Ryan, but a few weeks ago he com
menced again, this time resorting to the
mails, with ihe result that he is now in
dicted on a most serious charge.
A TRIBUTE OF RESPECT.
Excellent Qualities of the Late
James Dwyer, School
Principal.
Resolutions Adopted by the Teachers
of the Horace Mann
School.
At a meeting of the teachers of the
Horace Mann Evening School, held last
evening, the following resolutions were
adopted :
Whereas, The mystic summons of death has
suddenly called from us and from his sphere
of active usefulness our honored and esteemed
associate and director, James Dwyer; and
whereas, it seems but fitting that we, so re
cently his collaborators, should express in
some public way our recognition of the loss
sustained by the teaoning, profession to which
he had devoted so much of his active life, and
particularly by this school, with whi ch he has
been identified since its organization, in the
untimely closing of a career tuat had given
promise of years of devoted and efficient work
in the full maturity of power, therefore, be it
Resolved, That it is the sense of the academic
staff of the Horace Mann Evening School that
in the loss of its principal the school has lost
the services of one whose high sense of duty
impelled every effort of a mind ripened and
broadened by Dative talent ana extended ex
perience to its advancement and success; that
every member of the school Has lost a wise di
rector and prudent counselor, thoroughly im
bued with a personality that made itself felt
in the most casual Intercourse witn the
humblest pupil, yet balanced by an irapersou
ality that could always look above and beyond
the individual, to the moral and intellectual
elevation of the %vhole; that every teacher hns
lost a warm-hearted personal friend, whose
rare and admirable qualities won the respect
and esteem of his professional associates, as
his unassuming character and genial frank
ness commanded their affectionate regard.
Besolved, That while we may not intrude on
the sacred privacy of the family circle where a
vacancy has been left that can never be filled ;
while no words of ours can avail to assuage the
pangs of irreparable loss, we still ieel that we
may ask the family of our departed associate,
director and friend to accept this tender of our
heartfelt sympathy in their deep affliction,
and this expression, though imperiect, of our
sense of the bereavement that they have sus
tained by the sudden call that haa taken troin
them ' the husband and father whom they
mourn. C. H. Crowell.
Daisy m. Wilson,
Ella Castelhun,
J. Clarke,
W. J. Gorman,
George bates.
Mr. Lemon Squeezed.
A. J. Pommer seems to have squeezed $400
out of O. T. Lemon. At any rate Lemon is
minus just that much juice and has brought
•uit aeainst Pommer to recover it.
'. NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. :
fSATURDAYf
I SPECIALS! I
v On Saturday we'll show you some desir- #
V able goods at extraordinary; in fact, sensa- V
| X tionally low prices — prices that certainly defy X
0 competition — lowest of low prices— prices that 6
V will make room for our New Fall Goods. Q
| SPECIALS f
| For TO=DAY ! I
1 MORNING, BTO 12 O'CLOCK. §
X . FOR 5C,. WASH GOODS. $
A 40 pieces Wash Goods, Dimities, Grass Linens, Organdies i and Lawns, JL
jT , pretty new designs and colorings, worth from 10c to 15c. V
6 FOR 10c, WOOL CHALLIE. X
O 15 pieces Silk-striped Chaliies, lovely designs, in light and dark colorings; ; A'
JL 1- last of the lot we sold at 25c a yard. Not over 10 yards to one pur- V
O chaser. . f ________ O
X FOR 49c, BLACK SILK. 9
>k Figured Black Gros Grain Silks, 20 inches wide, in neat patterns, specially V
O -adapted for separate skirts or waists; regular 85c quality for 49c. Not Q
A over 15 yards to one purchaser. ; I
9 FOR 1 5c, A BOLT OF RIBBON. O
V Satin and Gros Grain Ribbon No. 2, 3 and 4, leading dress shades, just the Q
'A thing .for trimmings, 10 yards in a bolt; former .price 45c, 55c and 65c. JL
V Not over 3 bolts to a purchaser. Sr
I 6 FOR 15c, LACE. %
! Q 12 yards of White Valenciennes Lace, }4 inch wide, regular value 25c a A
j X dozen, for 15c. Not more than 1 dozen to each purchaser. '•■■_' V
0 FOR 6\c TOWELS. 6
Q Bleached Cotton Towels, fringed, size 36x17 inches; 75c a dozen. Not Q
A . more than 2 dozen to each purchaser. ■ ' T
9 FOR 10c, BOYS} HOSE. 0
Q Boys' Heavy Black Cotton Fine Ribbed Hose, guaranteed fast black, full O
O . finished, seamless, high-spliced heels and toes, sizes s}£ to 9}£; 10c a A
jr pair. Not over 5 pairs to each purchaser. V
I SPECIALS |
For TO-DAY!
I EVENING, 7TO 10 O'CLOCK. |
X FOR GENTS' TIES. X
I A 50 dozen Gents' Teck Scarfs, light, medium and dark colors, regular 25c ¥
V value. Not over 4 to a purchaser. \J
6 FOR 61c, HANDKERCHIEFS. $
O Swiss embroidered, elaborate Irish Point and solid scallop work edge, regu- A
jT . lar value 10c each ; special for 6%c. Not over 4to a purchaser. • V
6 FOR i2ic, HOSE SUPPORTERS. A
0 Ladies' Black Satin Hose Supporters, gored belts, all sizes; regular value Q
1: . 25c, for 12}£c a pair. Only 2 pairs to each purchaser. T
0 \ FOR 8 3 c, TiOI LET SOAP. S
X 3 cakes to a box, a pure, fragrant soap, a combination of buttermilk and _£
V Witch Hazel; special at 8 / c a box. Not over 3 boxes to each pur- %M
0 FOR 19c, SHIRT WAISTS. - O
%r Ladies' Laundried Shirt Waists, new style attached collars and cuffs, full Cr
A - sleeves, yoke backs; regular 50c value; sizes, 32, 34,36 only, for 19c £%
j£ each. Not over 2to each customer. %#
§ FOR 25c, LISLE VESTS. X
A Ladies' Lisle-thread Vests, low neck, in ecru, pink, white or blue; regular #\
X value 50c, for 25c each. _______*. _C
6 FOR sc, REMNANTS. X
A 500 Remnants of Wash Goods of all kinds, in lengths of from 2to 10 yards, A
2£ worth from 10c to 20c, for 5c a yard. „ ; ; .• ' jfL
* *Prqp™ i Q*3fec,Wcuxc'?^
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
THE YELLOWSTONE PARK,
Many Eastern Tourists, but
Few Californians Go
There.
High Praise for Government Man
agement of the Park
Affairs.
James Gibb has just returned from an
interesting trip through the Yellowstone
Park. Speaking of the visit yesterday he
said: "It is surprising how few Califor
nians and how many Eastern tourists
visit this wonderful reservation. I was
told that some two hundred tourists arrive
daily from the East. The Californians in
the park when I was there were Mr. Sachs,
two young lady schoolteachers, myself,
wife and daughter. Six of us from this
State were assigned to one coach and we
made the journey together, stopping at
each hotel in the chain.
"It was my observation," said Mr. Gibb,
"that the management of the park, under
the immediate direction of the United
States Government, was almost perfect.
The hotels, in point of modern equipment
and service rendered to guests, are first
class, and each is supplied with its own
electric plant. The horses p.re fine, the
Concord coaches are new, and all the at
tendants seem to understand that their
duty is to look out for the comfort and
convenience of passengers.
"I was particularly impressed with the
intelligence and courtesy displayed by the
officers and enlisted men of the United
States army who are on duty in the Yel
lowstone i'ark. I was informed that the
finest soUiiers in the service are detailed
for this special duty. Surely one could
not expect more kindness and civility
than they bestowed. The enlisted men
private soldiers — seemed to be quite as
well informed as the officers.
"In ordinary sight-seeing one can doth*
park in five and a half days. The excur
sion tickets make this allotment of time,
allowing travelers to remain one night at
each one of the five hotels in the chain.
Our party extended the tour to seven days
and a half, which gave us an extra day at
Mammoth Springs arid an extra day at the
grand canyon of the Yellowstone.
"In reserving this vast area of moun
tain forest and natural wonders for the
whole people the Government did a wise
thing, and in my judgment Government
supervision is an excellent feature. When
it comes to sublime scenery and wonder
ful worts of nature I know that no land in
the world surpasses tbe Sierras in Califor
nia, but somehow we have not acquired
the art of getting the people of the world
to visit tbe sights in this State."
THE FUNE GROWING.
Over Twelve Hundred Dollars Sub
scribed for the Charter Campaign.
The first contribution to the Charter As
sociation funds have been made. The
Merchants' Association has generously
contributed $1000 and James D. Phelan,
president of the Charter Association, has
contributed $250 to the funds necessary to
carrying on the campaign in favor of the
adoption of the new charter. A number
of banks, insurance companies, capitalists
and property-owners have already signi
fied their intentions of making suitable
appropriations to this fund. There is
every indication that sufficient money
will be contributed for all the necessary
expenses of the Citizens' Charter Associa
tion. Every public-spirited citizen in the
community who desires to make a contri
bution will kindly send the same to the
chairman of the finance committee, Colonel
M. H. Hecht, or to the officers of the
Charter Association.
The Divorce Court.
Judge Slack yesterday granted Marie D.
Wood a divorce from \V. Roy Wood because of
the latter's failure to provide and willful de
aertion and neglect. The custody of the minor
child was awarded to plaintiff.
910
THE FIELD
OF SPORT
Sporting circles are at present in a very
lively state of anticipation owing to the
various events planned for the near future,
the occurrence ol which will mean so
much to those most vitally interested.
In the pugilistic arena there are going to
be two great contests, one between Choyn
ski and McAuliffe, the other between Van
Buskirfe and Stelzner.
The attention of owners and breeders of
dogs is drawn to the grand bench show of
the San Jonquin Valley Agricultural As
sociation, which will begin September 23.
Riilemen are elated over the opening of
si x new targets by the San Jose Turners,
and hunters and fishermen are sending in
reports of their success from all over the
State.
Among wheelmen great interest is ex
hibited in the race between Terrill and
Johnson.
The election of big Pete Smith as cap
tain of the Olympic football team marks
an era in the history of the club.
In all other lines of sport events of in
terest are scheduled.
THE WHEELMEN.
Great Interest Being Taken In the
Race Between Terrill and Jones.
More interest is being taken in the
race meet to be held this afternoon at the
Central Park track, Eiehth and Market
streets, than in any other meet held here
for a long time past. Tnis can be ac
counted for by two reasons, first because
the meet is being handled directly by the
clubs and the Cycle Board of Trade, and
second because tnere is a good programme
of events and a special match race be
tween two of the fastest and most popular
professional riders on the coast to-day.
The open events will consist of one- third
of a mile scratch, one mile handicap, ama
teur, and one mile handicap, professional.
There is a large entry-list for these races,
and the names of the starters, their heats
and handicaps have already appeared in
The Cai>l.
But it is the match race which will create
the most enthusiasm. Opinion seems to be
about equally divided as to the relative
merits of the two riders except around the
clubs to which they belong. Btroll into
the Bay City Wheelmen's clubhouse on
Golden Gate avenue and listen to the talk
there and you would think the race was
over and * Terrill had the purse in his
pocket Drop into the big building on
Post street and chat with the Olympic
Club Wheelmen and you would wonder
why Terrill ever made a match with a
man so much his superior in riding ability
as Jones. Of course, this partisanship is
more than pardonable, for without club
feeling the cycling clubs would lack life
and activity. And it is just such differ
ences of opinion that make match races,
as this one was arranged.
The members of the two clubs in ques
tion have indulged in a great deal of quiet
betting on the side, and even from this
one cannot get an inkling as to which
rider's chances are looked upon as the
best. There are as many backers of one
man as of the other, and no odds are
given or taken. To be sure, the Olympics
did want the Bay Citys to give them 2 to
1 or 8 to 5, and assured Ten-ill's supporters
that he was the better man, but this was
just a little friendly "jolly" to get the
best of the odds, and the Bay Citys soon
saw through the game. They had been
trying to make a similar play in other
quarters themselves.
The race is to be at one mile, best two in
three heats, for a purse of $300, which has
been put 'pp in the hands cf W. B. Faw
cett, who is conducting the meet for the
clubs and the Board of Trade. In order
that the meet may be conducted without
loss, no complimentary tickets have been
issued. The individual club members
have bought reserved seats liberally, and
Irom the advance sales a large crowd is
assured. ,
T. G. Spillane, acting captain of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen, has arranged
the second annual watermelon run of his
club for to-night and to-morrow to Stock
ton. The members will take the steamer
Mary Gar/att, leaving Washington-street
wharf at 6 o'clock to-night. Arriving in
Stockton in the morning, they will be
taken in hand by the wheeling annex of
the Stockton Athletic Club, and a ride to
Lodi for lunch will be in order, after which
the attack on the watermelons will begin.
The return will be made by boat Sunday
night.
The four-mile handicap road race of the
Santa Rosa Wheelmen last Sunday was
won by F. Mead from the thirty-second
mark, with Henry and Ben Noonan
(scratch) tie for second place. There were
twelve entrants. In the two-mile scratch
road race the Noonan brothers again fin
ished in a dead heat for first, George
Felix being second. Last Thursday even
ing about foity of the members formed a
theater party under Lieutenant Poat and
attended the Athenaeum. Friday evening
they had a watermelon social at the club
house, followed by vocal and instrumental
music To-morrow there will be a run to
the" redwoods beyond Guerneville and
Sunday week some more road races.
The members of the Pacific Cycling Club
made an enjoyable trip last Saturday and
Sunday. They took the steamer Zinfandei
at 7 o'clock for Cuttings Landing, in Napa
County, which was reached at 10:30 p.m.
After an hour's ride they reached the
Monte Vista ranch, where they stopped
over night as the guests of Judge and
Mrs. Milton Withers. Sunday morning
they continued to Napa City, and a visit
was made to the insane asylum. In the
afternoon they wheeled to Sonoma, tak
ing the train from there to Tiburon,
thence by boat to this City, arriving
home at 6:30 p. it. To-morrow's run will
be to San Jose, riding down on the other
side of the bay.
The Drobable price of bicycles for next
year is a subject much discussed these
days. Many so-called high-class wheels
marketed last spring and listed at $100
have been selling for almost any price. It
is generally known in the trade that these
wheels, in a majority of cases, are far from
being as good as they are cracked up to
be, and, this being the case, it should re
sult in profit to the old-established houses
■which have made a reputation with really
meritorious machines. The most con
servative men in tne trade base their cal
culations in estimating the probable price
next year on the business credited to the
older and most successful houses. The
mushroom concerns and the companies I
which turn out wheels simply for a quick
profit, so to speak, are sharp, ragged rocks
m the channel of successful trade and are
given a wide berth by careful pilots.
They have a bearing on next year's trade
in the sense of indicating the general
price for fine wheels. A consensus of
opinion from observing students in the
bicycle industry tends to show that $75
will be the erica next year for bicycles
which have Heretofore sold for $100.
The degree of hardness to which tires
should be inflated is largely a matter of
personal preference. They should never
be left soft enough to flatten out much be
yond the edges of the rim when support
ing the weight of the rider.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen of Oak
land will have a theater party at the Mac
donough next Monday evening, Chauncey
Olcott being the attraction.
Edwin E. Stoddard of t the Bay City
Wheelmen will leave this morning by
steamer for Central America on business.
From there he will go to South America,
and will be absent about half a year.
Cycling is often recommended as a
means of making stout people thinner,
but it should not be forgotten that it will
also add flesh to those whose bones are
unpleasantly prominent. The explana
tion is simple. Good sound muscle is put
where formerly only unhealthy fat ex
isted, or perhaps nothing at all.
Harry Wheeler, Charles M. Murphy and
Earl H. Kiser, the three Americans who
went to Europe to race this spring and
met with considerable success, will return
s hortly and make their way to Australia,
via San Francisco. We have already seen
Murphy and Kiser ride here, and know
they "are top-notchers. Wheeler is' the
man whose reputation was made in a day
by defeating the mighty Zimmerman.
He has,, never repeated the trick, but has
been a remarkably consistent performer,
a nd has won a jrreat many big purses as a
professional in Europe and this country.
The annual meeting of the members of
the Bay City Wheelmen will be held Tues
day evening, August 1. Reports of officers
will be received and a nominating com
mittee elected to select a board of directors
for the ensuing term. It is expected that,
with a couple of exceptions, the present
board will be re-elected. Their work has
been well done, and as a result of their
management the club was never in a more
I healthy condition. The membership roll
is 'constantly increasing, extensive im
provements have been made at the club
house, and altogether the Bay City Wheel
men are a well-satisfied lot of cyclers.
R. M. Welch, representative of the Na
tional racing board, has issued his usual
weekly bulletin, and it is cf more than
ordinary interest. It will bring joy to
some riders whose suspensions have been
terminated and sorrow to others who have
been suspended. Here is the bulletin :
Bulletin 22. August 21, 1896.
Sanctions granted— Aug. 21, Electric City
Bicycle Club, Great Falls. Mont. ; Aug. 22, San
Francisco Cycle Racing Association, San Fran
cisto, Cal.; Aug. 25, 26 and 27, Helena Road
Club, Heiena, Mont.; Aug. 29, Cedterville Ath
letic Club, Ceuterville, Cal. ; Sept. 9, Arcata
Cycling Club, Arcata, Cal.
Pacific Coast records accepted— Flying start
unpaced tandem, professional:
Three-fourths of a mile, William Evans and
William Hatton, San Jose, Cal., May 26, 1896,
1:25%.
One mile, William Evans and William Hat
ton, San Jose, Cal.. May 29, 1896, 1:54 2-5.
Two miles, William Evans and William Hat
ton, San Jose. Cal., May 26, 1896, 4:04 2-5.
Three miles, William Evans and William
Hatton, San Jose, Cal.. May 26, 1896, 6 :17 1-5.
ALLAN N. JONES, O. C W., and W. A. TERRILL, B. C W., the
Professionals Who Are Matched to Race To-Day.
Four miles, William Evann and William Hat
ton, San Jose, Cal., May 28, 1896, 8 :26.
Five miles, William Evans and William Hat
ton, San Jose, Cal., May 28, 1896, 10:53 3-5.
Ten miles, William Evans and William Hat
ton, San Jose, Cal., May 28, 1896, 22:17.
Transferred to professional class — Nicholas
Codd and Edward Ewart, Colfax, Wash.;
Arthur Griffin, F. W. Holbrook, W. J. Hutton
and J. L. Standeler, Los Angeles, Cal., under
clause B.
Suspended for competing In un»anctioned
races at Santa Monica, Cal., Sundny, August
16— William Aldridge, Arthur Griffin, W. H.
Hatton, F. W. Holbrook, W. J. Hutton, Charles
Miller, J. L. Standefer, W. A. Taylor, Emil
Ulbricht, Clyde Washburn, for ope year, to
August 16, 1897.
For competing in unsanctloned races at
Grants Pass, Or., July 4— W. P. Tottcn, until
September 1, 1896.
For officiating at unsanctioned races at
Santa Monica, Cal., Sunday, August 16— J.
Philip Percival, Thomas McAleer, James Ryan,
Fay Stephenson, for one year, to August 16,
1897.
Suspensions terminated— Joseph ISternberg
and Walter Bidaie, Albany, Or., and Alfred G.
Clark, Grants Pass, Or., immediately; CM.
Smith, Gail Hardenbrook, F. Linn, W. Halli
day, L. A. Folsom, C. Hellar. Ban Jose, Cal.,
September 1 next.
Riders are warned that unless their entriesi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
are withdrawn not later than one week before
the date of a meeting they are obligated to ride,
and in the absence of a good and sufficient ex
cuse for keeping such engagements they be
come liable to suspension. Entry at another
meeting will not be acceDted as an excuse. A
rider must not enter for the same day at more
meetings than he can atteud. The referee of a
meeting may excuse a rider from starting in
any event.
The racing board has decided that amateurs
shall not be allowed to accept compensation
for services or expenses in connection with
the projected transcontinental relay from San
Francisco to New York. R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
It will be noticed that all the riders who
competed at the meet held at Santa
Monica last Sunday, and all the officials
who acted at that meet, have been sus
pended for one year. This punishment is
well merited. These men knew the league
does not sanction Sunday racing, and yet
they went to work and arranged a Sunday
meet, charged an admission and gave
prizes, under the name of the Wheelmen's
Training League. It would not have been
a breach of the rules if they had not
charged admission nor given prizes, but as
it was they flew directly in the face of the
racing board, and Chairman Welch's
prompt and severe punishment by a year's
suspension is the result.
Eastern cycle publications are unani
mous in their opinions that Bald and
Cooper should be suspended indefinitely
for their foul riding at Louisville last
week, and tae United Press reports of
yesterday say that Chairman Gideon of
the National racing board is investigating
the matter and will probably rule them
off for a year or more. This would deprive
the circuit of its two brightest stars, but
with such fair riders as the Butlers,
Ziegler, Gardiner, Sanger, Coulter, Mc-
Farland, Wells and others left they would
hardly be missed, and certainly not
mourned.
If any one thinks the Olympic Cyclers
are not going to have a jolly time to-mor
row their doubts should be set at rest after
a perusal of the following notice to mem
bers:
OLYMPIC CYCLERS.
San Francisco, Aug. 18, 1896.
The club will hold a run to Escalle's, Marin
County, on Sunday, August 23, 1896, leaving
the club at 8:30 a. m., taking the 9 o'clock
boat. On this occasion a jinks will be given,
which is expected to be a treat. It is the in
tention to make this an annual event, and the
fact of the cyclers inaugurating it is a suf
ficient guarantee of a hoopla-merry-go-round
time. As a result of our recent minstrel enter
tainment our treasury is in a large, fat and
plethoric condition, Treasurer Blake's pockets
bulging to such an extent that the organiza
tion has magnanimously agreed to lift the
strain by expending the remarkable sum of
$125 on lunching and entertaining our mem
bers. At great expense a siring orchestra will
be on the ground?, with such Tootlight favor
ites as Hallett & Cathcart, Bob Mitchell; Fer
ris Hart man (who will sing Pearl Andrews'
latest success, "Reel, Reel, Reel O'Reel"), Ben
Tarbox. Willie Fiunie, little Jimmie Swinner
ton, Alex Rotiborough, Williams <fe Orndorff
(knockabout team), C. F. Morel, Billy Hynes,
Billy O'Brien, Fred Bushnell, CharlieKreling,
and last but not least our dear brother and
organist, Jack Couney, will be with us.
Sports on land and water will be held,
trophies being given for flrstß and seconds in
each event, which will be as follows:
One-mile handicap bicycle race; 100-yard
dash ; sack race ; three-legged race ; partnership
race ; leap-frog race, teams of ten men : cigarette
race; fat men's race, 200 pounds and over; 50
--yard swimming race; 50-yard swimming race
(breast stroke); tug-of-war in boats; one-mile
boatrace.
This will be essentially a picnic run, and no
member should be deterred from attending
through fear of a long journey. The ride will
be short and pleasant, about five miles from
San Rafael. The cluh has gone to considerable
trouble and expense, and each member should
contribute to the success of the run by attend
ing. Fred R. Butz, Captain.
George W° Coon'ey J Li eutenanU.
Thomas B. McGinnis, Secretary.
Th*> Acme Club Wheelmen of Oakland
and the Alameda Cyclers of Alameda will
have a joint run to Haywards to-night,
and there indulge in a feast upon water
melons. As the roads are good, the dis
tance short, and there will be a full moon,
the ride snould be delightful.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen packed
the California with themselves and their
friends last Tuesday evening, the occasion
being the club's theater benefit. About a
dozen small theater parties were made
up by different members, one by Frank
W. Fuller, another by Lewis C. Hunter,
the largest being that of President and
Mrs. Charles Albert Adams, whose euestg
were Mr. and Mrs. McFarland, Mr. and
Mrs. Zeille, Miss Daisy Wnitelaw, Miss
Mey Netterviile, Walter N. Brunt and
H. W. Spalding.
Emil Languetin of the Bay City Wheel
men is training hard for his attempt upen
the world'? five-mile road record Bunday
week, and many think he has as good as
got the record, barring accidents.
It is not generally known that the Bay
City Wheelmen have a member who once
defeated Chftrapion Zimmerman in a mile
race. He is Fred Chandler, who has been
absent in Australia for the past two
months and is expected home in a few
days. The race occurred at a town in
Ohio some three years ago, when Zimmer
man was at his very best. It was a mile
handicap, and Chandler's first and only
race. The official handicapper gave him
an immense handicap, some say it was
500 yards, but at any rate be was so far in
the lead Zimmerman did not notice him.
After "Ziinmy" had overtaken his field in
his usual clever style he saw Chandler a
short way ahead, pegging away for dear
life. Thinking it was some fellow he had
lready passed once he did not try to
catch him, though he afterward said he
wondered why the boy was working so
hard when he was a lap bo bind. But it
was Chandler.whose big handicap won him
the race and a victory over the world's
champion. It was the race of his life and
be has never cared to ride anotner, being
content to rest on his laurels. Incident
ally, Mr. Chandler is one of the most
popular members of the Bay City Wheel
men and of the cycle trade in this City.
The latest membership list of the League
of American Wheelmen shows a roll of
62,464 names. Twenty-four new names
went in from this division last week.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club will have
another sunrise run to the beach to-mor
row, leaving the club at daybreak. There
will be a moonlight run to the beach next
Wednesday evening. J. Mclntire, M.
Sampson, David Franklin, A. Allen, Hub
ert Black, Lieutenant Hewelcke, P. J.
Hyde and others will go to Livermore
Monday to help their captain, W. J. Black,
over his twelve miies of hills in tne trans
continental relay race. Spalding.
PUGILISTIC ITEMS.
Van Buskirk and Steizner Are
Intaglioed on Attention's
Wall.
Puerilism at present reigns supreme, all
other sports paling into insignificance in
comparison as the mellow beam of the
morning star is shadowed by the ap
proach of jocund day. San Francisco is
one of the liveliest sporting cities in the
country at all times, and at present is in
the heyday of her splendor.
The lively competition of the National
and New Occidental clubs has much to do
with this; in fact there was no real rivalry
until the energetic "Young Mitchell" en
tered the field. Bince that time Managers
Gibbs and Groom have hustled around
pretty briskly. Their efforts have con
vinced the admirers of both the clubs that
as defuncts they are a flat failure.
It was pretty generally conceded in
sporting circles when Jeffries was stricken
with pneumonia that the National Club
was in hard luck. This turns out to have
been the same kind of prophecy as that
inaugurated by the priests of Baal. Not
only was a man found to supply Jeffries'
place, but one on whom considerable in
terest is centered just now from the fact
that, although little or really nothing is
known of his exploits here, he turns out to
have been a sparring partner of Bob Fitz
simmons for about ten months. This in
itself is ample demonstration that he
THEO. VAN BUSKIRK.
ought to understand several of the finer
points of pugilism.
When Steizner took to training and
sparred with Choynski at the Olympic
Club the few favored sight-seers at once
went out and hunted for a chance to put
up some of their cash against Van Bus
kirk money.
Van Buskiric's record is, of course, well
known, as he has met only a few men, but
has been uniformly successful heretofore.
Of Steizner it may be said that he has met
many good men, mostly very heavy fight
ers, though none have been men of Na
tional repute, and has succeeded in send
ing them into the land of Nod in short
order.
Among those he has met may be men
tioned the following:
April 17, 1893, defeated Ed Jones at St.
Louis in three rounds; August 25, 1893,
fought a draw with Willis Kennedy of
New Orleans; October 29, 1893, knocked
Billy Butts, weight 220 pounds, out at St.
Louis in one round ; November 14, 1893,
defeated Tom Fitzpatrick before the
Mound City Club at St. Louis in two
rounds; March 9, 1893, stopped Jones,
the champion middle-weight of Arkansas,
at Hot Springs in four rounds ; April 22,
1894, bested F. M. Kahn of Boston at the
Olympic Theater in St. Louis in three
rounds; July 13, 1894, knocked out Billy
Zashritz, weight 218 pounds, in six rounds;
December 19, 1894, defeated Billy Dooley,
weight 170 pounds, before the Pastime
Club at Memphis, Term., in twenty-two
rounds; February 3, 1895, defeated A. E.
Allen of Wisconsin at Hot Springs in
thirteen rounds; April 1, 1895, knocked P.
J. Nolan out at St. Louis in two rounds;
July 6, 1895, bested Mike Queenan, the
"Stockyards Giant" of Chicago, weight
228 pounds, in four rounds ; July 25, 1895,
defeated Jim Johnson, the colored heavy
weight of Texas, at Tyler in five rounds;
July 26, 1895, put Jim Fogarty to sleep at
Tyler, Tex., in six rounds; was with Fitz
for ten rounds and re-entered the ring
June 23, 1896, to best Jim SulHvan, weight
210 pounds, at Park City, Utah, in four
teen rounds.
From the number of heavy-weights
Steizner has met and the quick time in
which ne has defeated them, together
with the cleverness he exhibits in boxing
Cboynski, it is evident that those who at
tend his battle with Van Buskirk next
Tuesday evening at the Grove-street
Theater will, in all probability, see a
rattling good contest.
Joe Choynski and Joe McAuliffe are
both busily at work getting into first-class
shape for their contest before the Occi
dental Club at Woodward's Pavilion the
evening of the 28th inst. Like Corbett,
Choynski likes nothing better than to
have a squad of Olympic Club members
congregate and watch him punch the bag,
twirl the wrist machines, exercise on the
bars, plunge in the tanks, and box with
Green, Steizner and Peppers. The "chrys
anthemum" is in first-class condition
and his flesh has a ruddy color, but he
seems a trifle low in weight. But he
never takes on flesh even when out of
training.
McAuliffe has relaxed work a slight bit
out at Barney Farley's, as he is now at a
good weight, 225 pounds. Joe's efforts up
JACK STELZNER.
til] the day of the fight will be for strength
and cleverness.
Henry Peppers is in Oakland putting on
the finishing touches for his bout with
Purceil. Peppers has the reputation of
being one of that class of ringsters denom
inated as "foxy," and will make the New
York rusher know that he is in front of a
small cyclone himself.
Gus Herget is in Alameda rapidly set
ting into form for his "go" with '"Spider"
Kelly. This ought to turn out one of the
cleverest contests witnessed here in a long
time.
The last and most authentic reports are
that-Gallagher has no intention whatever
of avoiding his scheduled meeting witn
George Green, but will be here the day
before the event.
The National Club's offer of $20,000 for
the Sharkey-Corbett contest is not likely
to be duplicated by another organization,
so far as can be learned. That is a large
sum to offer for a boxing contest in these
uncertain times, and a great deal of pluck
was requited to offer it.
A rnmor is afloat to the effect that an
attempt will be made to pull this fight off
at West Baden Springs, but its authen
ticity is very doubtful, as the State author
ities have made several bitter fights
against ring contests there with the event
ual result of a triumph. Since then the
laws have been made so strict as regards
prizefighting that any chance of a meeting
seems utterly beyond the bounds of pos
sibility.
If Corbett and Sharkey are really
anxious to fight, and the latter' s eagerness
is unquestioned, it would be a very easy
matter to evade the peace officers. This
has been proved time and again. The
case of Maher and Fitzsimmons might be
mentioned in this connection, as well as
that of Sullivan and Kilrain. who fought
witn bare Knuckles at Richburg, Miss.,
July 8, 1889, giving the authorities of two
States the slip.
It has been given out that Jimmy An
thony, the bantam-weight champion of
Australia, is willing to tneet Frank Smith
of the Olympic Club and Dan Mahoney
the same evening for eight rounds each,
providing he be permitted a half hour be
tween the contests in which to rest. Smith
agrees to this if Anthony will sign articles
to defeat him in the eight rounds. As
Smith fights in the feather-weight class
nis offer is magnanimity personified.
Anthony, next to Joe McAuliffe, is the
apple* of old Barney Farley's eye.
The Crescent Athletic Club of Berkeley
has decided to postpone the date of its
boxing tournament until Augnst 29, in
order to give the committee on arrange
ments more time in which to make
matches. Two are already settled.
This month will also see a contest be
tween Cleveland Johnny La vac k and Aus
tralian Billy Murphy, who will box fifteen
rounds, with rive more optional.
The New York News, bearing date of
August 14, is authority for the statement
that "Young" Griffo, who was sentenced
to one year's penal servitude by Judge
Aspinwall of the Brooklyn County Court
for maltreating a boy while the fighter
was intoxicated, stands a fair chance of
being freed shortly.
Lawyers generally are of the opinion
that GrirTo's sentence was illegal, as the
County Court was not in session, being
adjourned by law until October, and con
sequently that Griffo was practically tried
out of court. Friends are now endeavor
ing to have him released on a writ of
habeas corpus.
GUN AND ROD.
Shooting and Fishing Parties Daily
Come and Co.
Now is the time when the disciple of
Izaak Walton is in the height of bis glory.
From all over the State comes the news of
good catches made by parties early in the
field, while others are shakina the metro
politan dust from their feet every day and
departing for the various streams cele
brated for the fish they contain and as the
scenes of the most remarkable exploits of
local fly-casters.
Good catches of trout are reported from
tee lower Truckee. In fact, this seems to
be the favorite fishing ground. They are
mostly taken with the spoon, as the moss
in the river interferes somewhat with fly
fishing. The coming week, however, will
be fine fishing on the Truckee.
A pleasure-seeking company, composed
of fl. E. Skinner, A. G. Wieland, John F.
Siebe, Baldwin Wood and Colonel Green
leaf, will leave for the Truckee fishing
grounds late this evening. Mr. Skinner
will be accompanied on tne excursion b y
his wife, who thinks she stands as good a
chance as the gentlemen of the party in
hooking the speckled beauties.
Many parties have recently be9n to San
Andreas Lake in search of salmon-trout,
with which these waters abound. Many
good catches are reported of late, as the
coolness of the weather has been condu
cive to the trout taking the bait. Several
have been lucky enough to secure a few
black bass, but these catches are compara
tively few.
Dr. James F. Stanton and M. J. Geary
are still engaged in wooing the finny tribe
from its haunts among the pools and
bowlders of the Truckee River. If the
length of time of their excursion can be
considered as proper evidence they must
be in need of stronger fish baskets now.
The San Francisco Fly-casting Club will
have their semi-monthly tournament, in
which a competition will be had for med
als, at Stow Lake this afternoon at 2
o'clock.
A. L. Langerson and Al Cummings went
for a pleasure trip on the Truckee River
last Thursday. So far, their friends have
received no fabulous tales and it is
shrewdly suspected that they are waiting
to make a reputation on their return.
The season for the mountain quails and
giouse opened the 15th inst. Good shoot
ing is reported in Mendocino, Lake and
Humboldt counties and in the vicinity of
Boca. The birds are not so well grown as
is usual at this season.
Last Sunday Joseph Cresta and about
five companions killed two magnificent
bucks in the region of Fairfax. Just back
of that city thtre is a vast canyon known
as Fairfax Gulch, which the party reports
as teeming with deer of all sizes.
Mr. Harvey of the Pope Manufacturing
Company, in company with two of his
friends, had a very pleasant hunting ex
cursion in the region of the San Pedro
Canyon last Sunday. Three deer were
run from cover, and they succeeded in
crippling one of them, but the wounded
animal in its flight got onto the property
of the Spring Valley Water Company,
where none of the hunters dared trespass.
The following characteristic letter from
the sporting editor of the Call speaks
very loudly for itself:
Boca, Aug. 17.
Among the heavy • weight anglers and
grouse hunters who are now rusticating at
Boca, the great ice center of the Sierra, are:
Thomas Casey, "the humorous politician of
the water front"; Dr. James Stanton, who is
taking incidentally observations of the South
ern Pacific bridges and steel tracks; John
Bourdette, a famous authority on Blackstone
and soapstone ; Sam Newman, whose reputation
for ease in solitary nooks is without question ;
W. F. Bogart, the picturesque angler, who dis
dains to use anything but "a fly" to catch fish ;
A. R. Crowell, a man who never gets excited
when grouse shooting; Alex Ireland, an artis
tic angler, who has the utmost confidence in
the Watt spoon for catching minnows; "John
Bugg" Walker, a lover of nature and good eat
ing; Mr. Cooper, the champion spoon caster
and several other disciples of the rod ana gun
who are having good sport in the high alti
tudes.
Casey caught a well-conditioned log on Mon
day last while casting for rainbows and sun
fish in the Truckee River; Dr. Btanton caught
a cold; Sam Newman caught a beautiful ap
petite; Bourdette 'caught on" to-day, but he
has not yet succeeded In landing his game-
Crowell caught a good ducking through a slip
on a smooth rock; Bogart expects to catch a
train this evening. In fact it seems to be a
case of catcn-as-catch-can with the disciples of
Walton who are at present rusticating in the
mountains. Fishing on the Truckee is not
good now, as the water is still too high and
tons of moss are floating down the river
Grouse-shooting Is good. The birds are plenti
ful. b«t very small this ysar. A thunder
storm is daily expected. M. J. Geary.
The results of last Sunday's shoots of
the Lincoln Club at Alameda Point were
as follows:
First class— Daniels first money, Nau
man and Webb divided second money
Second class— Murdocfc won first money-
Winzel, Halght and Andrus divided seel
ond. Third class— Foster was first, Alder
ton and Wagner second. Fourth class—
Prica and Ostrander divided first and
second.
August 30 the Pacific Tournament Asso
ciation will hold a shoot at Alameda Junc
tion. Tne first event will be 100 birds
from unKnown traps and angles, squad
shooting, entrance $3, birds included.
Iwenty dollars will be added to the purse
and the money divided into 50, 80 and 20
per cent, class shooting.
The second event will be a club team
contest, six men to a team, and twenty
five pairs doubles to a man. Entrance $9
a team, $15 added, winning team to take
all.
The third will be the gold medal novice
event, fifty birds, all straightway, entrance
$1. Tnis contest will be open to all per
sons who pledge themselves by a state
ment that" they have never broken ten
consecutive bluerocks. The medal whl
become the property of the contestant
winning the same twice.
The ifincinal Gun Club will hold their
practice shoot at Bird's point to-morrow
at 10 a. M. This club has only been in ex
istence about three months, but has in
that time given many excellent shoots,
and a fine programme has been planned,
for to-morrow.
The Olympic Gun Club will give an in
vitation shoot and outing at the San
Bruno grounds Augnst 23. No event 3
have been scheduled, but the price of birds
will be f2 a dozen straight. The party
will leave on the 8:15 train from Third
and Townsend streets.
Empire Gun Club will hold its final
shoot for classification August 23, the race
being a 30-Dird one. Three late acquisi
tions to the club have been in tne persons
of L. T. Hauxhurst, H. J. Weise and E.
Morgan.
The Empire Gun Club will hold a chal
lenge team shoot of twelve men with the
Garden City Cyclers, Gun Club.September
20, at San Jose. The shoot will be at
twenty -five birds ocr man for a trophy of
*25.
Late yesterday evening F. M. Haight of
the firm of Clabroueh & Golcher arrived
from a pleasant trip in the mountains of
Humboldt County. The party consisted
of Haight and wife and G. E. Bacon and
wife.
They left for Eureka on the Ist
insr., and from there went to Orick on
Redwood Creek. The first day they
caught seventy-nine fish, ranging from six
to fourteen inches in length. During their
outing five deer were killed, but they
were not prepared to brine any of them
home. On one occasion^ajdeer approached
NEW TO-DAY.
©lire
Consumption
and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec- .
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of • Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its ; usefulness and maka
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. Slocum, M.C., 183 Pearl St., New York.
We publish the Doctor's letter In full for the benefit of
our readers. There will be no mistake In sending— thi -
mistake will be in overlooking the generous offer— Ed. j
DOCTOR SWEANY
The .ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men,
and Women. .
Diseases .of young 1 , middle-
aged and old men which weaken
ttie body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in . all its, distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and ■, diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicoceie, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany witn his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and.
Blood. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and . fear of
impending danger! or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy > and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of* .Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
j THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free. •■ ;
Yon can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, -Norwegian and Danish.
Correspon strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent fres on ap-
plication. Address
nR F I QU/PANV 737 Market St..
Ull. I. L. OWLHUI, Ban Francisco,
18 THE VERY BEST ONE TO JEXAMtNa
1 J- your eyes »nd fit tnem to ■ spectacle* and .By*.
; gluaea with I lnstrumtau of bla own inveau jj.
WBCMaaperiorUy taa not beaa : equal*! My 444?
• Cluluta been due to UlO menu w toy wa(&
tttticw Hours— li w 4 p. v. - ,
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY,
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Are., S. F. -
POhteh'eatcr's English OUatraa Hnn4
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<X""V": * : Original vnd Only Brnnlne. -j.jb^
- /"//7K.V«»"' always reliable. LAOies ma^V
frJ\JF£!» Drnfgiit for ChichMtere Knqli'h Dia /fIA
g^yßßCvmond Brand in Ucd »nd Cold xetaUicVUV
.Si — «T>6S9b©x«. ifaloJ with bins ribbon. : Ti»k« \W I
1?1 •* CWau other. Refute dangsrout suittitw ▼
I / ~ Or ti »*» <™* imitatiam. At Dru«int, «r
I<• Jf In «timp» lit p»rfic»l»if, lMtine»i»li »»<«
\»• .IS "Relief for Ladlmt." *» letter, ** r«tara
-\ > ■■ "Mr "■ HalL .1 10,000 T««tliaonlal«. Same Paper.
V-.TtT'"/ <*lclierterCaemloalO»Jt»|;»oß»«ii»f2j
W« to Miami DrujfUu. ...-.-'-■■■ ?Mll*d-^.ya»
HlH»g^i7ll^r^Tnroatrf'ipP' eB ;.. Copper-JH
HiflAYfc YUU colored Spots, Aches. f Old Sores, *J
■Ulcers In Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOK, m
■REMEDY CO., 807 Masonic Temple JW
■Chicago, 111., for proofs of curee. Capl- (a
■tul, 8500,000. Worst cases cured in lln
gjgto 35 days. 100-page boolL .TTf^. .„ Jothe camp and was shot at by Haight,
who admits that despite his Rocky Moun
tain training he overshot the deer "twice.
A great deal of merriment was afforded
the ladies by Bacon, who had never slept
out of doors in his life, and exhibited great
alarm at the proximity of a bat or bug.
One night Haight shot at a tame cat,
thinking it to be a skunk, and at the re
port, Bacon kicked a hole in the canvas
tent. On learning what had happened, it
may be stated on the authority of Haight,
the reaction on Bacon's nervous system
was so great that he nearly fainted. Later
on he emphatically insisted .-' that before
any more nocturnal shooting was done he
be awakened.
During the trip many wild pigeons and
several grouse were bagged.
A shoot at live birds and bluerocks is to
beheld at Shel ton's Grove, near Marys
ville, Sunday. August 23. under the aus
pices of theYuba and Sutter Gun Club
for the Appeal diamond medal. This
=iedal is now held by Ned Fay of the
Grand Hotel, he having won it for the
first time under the terms in May, 1895.
A few days ago Fay was formally noti
fied of the shooting contest and invited to
be present, with the instruction to express I
the medal to E. B. Hornung, chairman of
the committee.
George Crocker and a number of com
panions departed for Boca Thursday even
ing to despoil the Truckee of its sala
manders. Their reputation as sportsmen
insures a good yarn, at least. j
• .. •'. i
RIFLE AND RANGE.
San Jose Turners Will Open Six
New Targets.
The third annual prize shooting festival
of the San Jose Turn Verein Shooting Sec
tion will be held on the 30th and 31st inst.
This marks an important event in the
history of the Verein, the opening of its
new park near the Garden. City. The new
park is one of the finest on the coast, and
the shooting-range has been fitted with all
the modern appliances. Tnere are six
targets in all.
The rules governing the opening event
are, that all shooting shall be off-hand at
200 yards, and all rifles shall be allowed,
excepting those using the steel-covered
bullets.
On the first day tbe shooting will begin
at 10:30 a. m. and close at 6 p. m., with an
intermission at noon for lunch. On the
second day the shooting will begin at 9
A. M. and close at 5 p. m.
On the point targets the black will be
divided into three points — tickets eight
shots for $1. The best centers will be i
measured after the shoot.
There will be fifteen prizes for the best
centers, consisting of three cash prizes to
the amount of $50 and twelve elegant
prizes valued at $175. For the most points
there will be fifteen prizes — three of cash !
to the amount of $50 and twelve merchan- |
disc trophies worth $200. A silver enam- J
eled medal will be given to all marksmen j
Ehooting over 50 points, $2 50 for 100 points, !
$2 50 for 200 points and $5 for 250 points.
The San Jose Mercury has offered a
beautiful gold medal which will be pre
sented to the maricsman who scores the I
most points in both days' shooting.
Seventy-five prizes, valued at $750, con- j
Bisting of silverware, jewelry, etc., will be j
presented to those who make the best |
scores on the honorary targets. Cash
prizes of $2 50 and $1 will be given for the
first and last bullseyes in the forenoon and
afternoon.
Sunday morning the Turners will be at
the depot to meet the guests from San
Francisco and the other large cities of the
State. The Sau Francisco Turners will
attend the festival in full uniform. Rep
resentatives of nearly every rifle club in |
the northern part of "the State will partici- j
pate. The guests will be escorted from ;
the depot through the principal streets of j
Pan Jose by the Turners and the Turner
t-chuetzen in uniform, and afterward all
will repair tothe park.
Round- trip tickets from this City to
San Jose, including admittance to the
parK, can be obtained for $1 85 at the busi
ness places of all the well-known local
marksmen. Monday night the Turners j
and their guests will bold a grand ball and j
distribution of prizes.
The officers and directors of the Turners
are: Captain, Fred Schumacher; first
lieutenant) L. Henning; second lieuten- ]
ant, L. Ziegeler; treasurer, F. PosKy. K. \
Klein and George Keffel have both served
as captains.
The second day's shoot of the Califor
nia Schuetzen Club's annual festival will
be held to-morrow at Schuetzen Park, i
near San Rafael. All twenty targets will
be in use during the entire day, and it is
believed that there will be many good rec
ords made. The shooting will be on the
man ana German 25-ring targets. The j
events will be shooting for the honors of
shooting king, for the highest honors, and j
special cash prizes, ranging from $8 to fl. j
The highest score on the king target will j
entitle the marksman to tne king's crown j
and a diamond medal.
The shootinc on the honorary and man
targets will also be resumed. Forty casn
prizes are offered for the best scores on
the man target. These range from $30 to
$1. Several very good tickets were shot at
the honorary target last Sunday, but bet
ter scores will be made at to-morrow's
shoot. On this event seventy-five mer
chandise prizes will be given away. A
champion silver goblet will be presented
by A. L. Ott to the marksman making the
best average on all the targets. In addi
tion to the foregoing, the members of the
club will shoot for prizes.
The prizes will be distributed on Thurs
day evening, August 27, at Eintracht Hall,
Twelfth and Folsom streets, and the dis
tribution will be followed by a social.
The attendance at the Shell Mound
range to-morrow will be large, as there are
several clubs and a number of military
companies there holding their monthly
medal contests. Among them will be the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, the Nord
deutschers and the San Francisco Schuet
zen Club. The Columbia Club has decided
to move from tbe east end of the shooting
ehed to the extreme west end, and Captain
tnebe will put in the marking-wheels at
once. The reason for this is that the pis
tol and rifle ranges may be together. A
aoor will be cut through the wall so as to
connect the two shooting stands. A little
later a partition will be run through the
big room so as to shut off tbe draught.
Wardrobes, closets and rifle racks will also
be constructed.
It was feared for a time that the two
west targets, A and B, would be too badly
exposed to the wind for fine shooting, but
the members decided to change and make
more use of their wind-gauges.
A ladies' auxiliary to the Columbia
Pistol and Riflle Club is about to be
formed. The wives and daughters of a
number of the member? are already very
expert in handling the 22-caliber rifle and
pistol. A number nave entered the lists
for prizes and have proved themselves to
be fairly accurate shots. From all ac
counts the ladies will form a club the early
part of next month and make use of the
third target on the fifty-yard range.
M. J. White.
— : ♦
FOOTBALL.
Preparations for the New Season
. in Active Progress.
After the big Thanksgiving game it is
very probable that the Olympic football
team will have a game with the Mult
nomahs of Portland and the Butte, Mont.,
team. . . ' • ' ' ' _ ■' "
As there will probably be no Reliance
eleven this year the Olympics intend to
pet in the best possible form to meet these,
t<5 The'chances are that the Peerless Foot
ball Club of the Mission 'Till make an
active display this year. They have an
athletic club of their own and the players
are working hard to bring themselves into
proper form to take their place near the
head for the season. v . . ,
Several of the Siamord graduates in and
about the City wife are interested in foot
ball are expected to play with the Olympics
1 The ca oiympic Club football men have
The Olympic Clnb football men have
elected as captain of I this season s team
Pete Smith, the big guard who captained
the eleven last • year. ■ Smith ■is nearly 6
feet 2 inches in height and weigha : in his >
football clothes over 200 pounds. He has
played witb the Olympics for the last
three seasons, first as center and then as
guard. During tbe season of ' 93, while a
freshman at trie University of California,
he played guard on the Varsity, but in the
Thanksgiving game of that year he filled
left tackle's position, relieving Loren
Hunt, who was early retired from the field
because of au additional injury to a lame
leg. Before that one year at Berkeley
Smith had played football for some time
at Cogswell College, in this City.
Trained in '93 by the giant Heffelfinger
of Yolo, said to be the greatest guard that
ever lived, Smith has since developed his
play along the lines suggested by his
teacher, whose physical proportions he
approaches more nearly than any other
football-player in California.
With respect to veteran players from
which to reconstruct an eleven, the Olym
pics are better off than either of the uni
versities. Stanford has lost six of her old
team by graduation and Berkeley has lost
one by graduation and five through other
causes. The Olympics have Kingdon, 192
pounds, center; Middlemas, 178 pounds,
guard; Smith, 195 pounds, guard; Sexton,
176 pounds, tackle; Porter, 192 pounds,
tackle; Nahl, 140 pouuds, quarter, and
Percy Morse, 160 pounds, halfback.
They have lost both ends, a halfback
and a fullback. But for new men they
practically have Weldon, sub-fullback for
Stanford last year and a, player of four or
five years' experience at Belmont School
and at Stanford University, and Tommy
Code, quarterback: of the Stanford Varsity
for four seasons. Both men have been
members of the Olympic Club for several
years, Code having at one time been a
well-known lightweight wrestler. In ad
dition to these men, Captain Smith has
his eye on Harrelson, Stanford's star
quarterback; Lewis, formerly an end rush
on the Stanford Varsity ; Downing, cap
tain of the Stanford Varsity in 1894;
Frankenheimer, Stanford's veteran ena
rush and halfback, and Wilson, for sev
eral years end rush of the Berkeley Var
sity. These men have been graduates
from college, and are now in business in
or near this City.
Of the veteran Olym Die players, Sexton
first played with the Olympics in 1892 and
then in 1593. Kingdon, known as a
promising young wrestler in his ciub,
made his initial appearance on tbe grid
iron field last season. And here it may be
appropriate to say that Captain Smith
laughs at the suggestion that Kingdon
may, as a student in the college of phar
macy, play with Berkeley this year. He
declares that Kingdon will stay with the
Olympics exclusively, as he did last year.
Middlemas has played but one season,
though he had experience previous to last
year while a student in Anderson's acad
emy, Alameda. Percy Morse is a veteran
football-player in tne broadest sense of
the term. He has played both the asso- I.
ciation and the intercollegiate game off !
and on for the last five years. "Porter," J
as they soy at the Olympic Club, "has i
been playing football since the year 1." I
He played at Amherst College years ago;
then, in 1892, helped coach Stanford while
he was a teacher and a coach at a San
M a teo preparatory school, where he played
the game for several years.
Then he played with the Olympics, and
in '94 played on the Berkeley Varsity,
having qualified for the team by entering
the medical college of this City. Last year
he returned to the Olympics.
The Olympics will not begin training
before the middle of September, a time
when the two universities will also set tbe
ball rolling. The individual players and
the club have enough suits to tit out a team
at very small expense.
Pringle, last year's manager of the
Reliance Club eleven, has not been re
elected to that position, which is still
vacant. Fred Frict, captain of the team j
last year, is now deep in Oakland politics.
Tue club itself is making no active
preparations for a team this season, though
one may yet be organized, much of tne
old material beiiig available.
It is said that big Bert Oliver, guard and
tackle on the Reliance eleven for the last i
two seasons, will enter Stanford this year.
He aas been a college possibility for sev
eral years. Now it eeems he has decided
to go at the request of Manager Brown of
the Paio Alto team, who is also an Oak
land boy and an old schoolmate of Oliver.
Brown soon after his election to the man- |
agership, set about with Captain Fickert :
of the Stanford team to engage a coach j
for mis season. Walter Camp could not
return, but he had done everything pos
sible while he was out here to lay the
foundation for a good team this fall. One
of Manager Brown's first thoughts was to
engage Butterworth, thereby not only de
priving Berkeley of his services but secur
ing for the Stanford players the advantage
of his intimate knowledge of the Berkeley
men he had trained last seaso'-.
But the idea was soon abandoned as
savoring of a tricky advantage. After
considerable correspondence Cross, Yale's
center of last season, was engaged to come !
to Palo Alto on October 1 ana coach j
Camp's old pupils for two months. Cross j
is not a star player, neither is Captain j
Fickert of the Stanford team. But both
are big, determined, conscientious men,
wiio tfive backbone to a team by adding
strength and firmness to the line. Cross !
played on the Varsity only in his senior
year at Yale. Previous to that he had
been on the second eleven — a most excel
lent place to observe and learn the whole
game. The one place for whic.i he was
peculiarly fitted happened to be filled by
the great Stillman, a phenomenal center,
who as such was a little better man for the
place than Cross. But Palo Alto's new
couch is fresh from the gridiron field; he
has Camp's trained men to work with,
and he will himself be thoroughly in
touch with the Stanford captain in mak
ing the line, already composed of veterans,
a stone wall for Berkeley to oppose with
practically new men.
THE OARSMEN.
How/ the Rowers Train for the
Big Regatta.
Interest in the great Stockton regatta on i
Admission day is rapidly increasing;, and j
each evening the wharves in the vicinity j
of Long Bridge, tbe present training quar
ters of all the local clubs, are crowded
with enthusiastic admirers of the speedy
oarsmen, criticizing their work during
their practice spins.
The scene along the old bridge during
the training hours of the respective clubs,
which are from 6 to 8 p. m., is an animated
one, and one can feast bit optic organs on
some remarkably fine rowing.
The course at these hours is always
crowded with all manner and description
of racing craft, and some wily single
sculler with an ambition to be a future
Peterson can he seen trying the mettle of
some crack skiff rower, or else trying con
clusions with «ome crack four-oared crew
as they po skimming down the course,
each man rowing with a clocklike move
ment, and the little cockswain ever and
anon bobbing up and down in the stern of
the boat like a veritable automaton.
Very often some exciting racing is in
dulged in, much to the amusement of the
spectators, and, all in all, a trip down to
tiong Bridge in the evening while the oars
men are in training for the f.ventful day
of September 9 would prove interesting to
any one interested in the sport of rowing.
The methods of training now in vogue
by the different clubs are almost identical.
They consist of a three-mile spin each
evening from the foot of Third street,
along Long Bridge, past the Union Works,
around the sugar-house buoy and return,
when a refreshing dip in the brine is taken
as the conclusion of the night's work.
The prettiest race of tbe Stockton re
gatta will be the senior four-oared barge
event, in which will be entered the Pi
oneers, the South Ends, Stockton Athletic
Association, and, possibly, the Ariel Cluo.
The latter club is trying hard to organize
a crew, and has got together three
good men— Henry *'rank. a crack athlete
of the Acme Club of Oakland; George
Phelan, the coming champion skiff-rower,
and Frank Wilson, a comparatively new
man at the oars, but the makings of a
great oarsman. A fourth man is anxious
ly being sought for, and when he is
found the crew will go into training im
mediately.
The Pioneer and South End crews, who
are the best of friends, both in a race and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
out of it, are working tooth and nail to
get in the oest possible condition, and as
this will be each crew's last race the bitter
antagonism that is extant among them as
to which is the better crew will be wiped
out in a royal battle of the oars for blood.
The Stocktonian crew are smashing
away at the oars night and morning, and
as they are more than anxious to have a
crack at the local crew the most exhilar
ating four-oared race ever rowed will be a
feature of the day's sport.
Jim Foley, the entry in the junior shell
from the Bouth End Club, is fast reducing
bis avoirdupois, and looks to have a good
chance to win. He will have a strong
backing from his club members, and his
magnificent stroke and gorgeous costume
never fail to catch the ladies' eyes, as he
plies bis frail craft along the bridge, with
his Amazonian chest protruded ana head
high in tbe air. The ladies are often
heard to remark as he passes by, "Is that
Peterson?"
Knowing ones who have seen the South
End junior crew perform claim that their
chances of defeating tbe Stocktonian crew
are not of the brigntest.
The boys are good rowers, but their in
experience in rowing a barge against such
a crack crew as the Stocktonian one will
prove disastrous to them, thereby lessen
ing the South Ends' chances of winnine
every event on the programme, which
they are out to do.
The club is getting rather anxious over
the completion of their skiffs in time for
the races. Certain material to be used in
their construction had to be ordered from
the East, but as yet has not arrived and
when it does the boat-builder will put on
an extra force to have them completed by
September 9.
It is being rumored about that the Ala
meda junior crew is going to disband.
There seems to be some dissension among
its members. This crew and the Stock
tonian crew were looked upon as the win
ners of the junior four-oared race at the
Stockton regatta.
McCausland, the Ariel entry in the
senior single-scull event of the regatta, is
now rowing in great form. His now shell
is conceded to be much faster than his old
one, and with it he intends to give Du
plissea the race of his life.
It has been agreed upon by the mem
bers of the Ariel Club that Jim Wilson
and George Phelan shall both represent
the club in the senior outrigger event, and
that Frank Wilson and J. It. Bockman
shall row in the junior event. They also
have intentions of entering a junior crew
in the coming regatta.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
The Cricket Movement In France.
Grace's Monster Score.
The Frenchman will never make a
cricketer. Strenuous efforts were recently
made in the game's behalf at a college sit
uated just outside Paris. The movement
was, in a measure successful, and a month
ago "une grand match" was announced
with a flourish of trumpets. It is mel
ancholy to have to state that the issue of
the movement was tragical. A fiercely
delivered, full pitched ball struck an en
thusiastic batsman between the eyes. The
victim felt that not his head alone, but his
honor, had suffered. He demanded satis
faction of the erratic bowler, and a fear
ful, though bloodless duel ensued. While
the combatants are satisfied, the game has
been generally denounced by the nation
as barbarous.
As the English season nears its close
the inter-county matches attract more
and more interest. An important bearing
on tbe championship took place at Ken
nington Oval two weeks ago. It was tho
Surry and Yorkshire match, and resulted
in a victory for the former team by an in
nings and 61 runs. The fixture was made
for Lohmann's benefit, and there accrued
to that popular player the admission fees
of 52,000 spectators— a record beater in the
wav of benefits.
The Australians beat Warwickshire by
an innings and 60 runs, and were defeated
by Earl de La Ware's eleven at Bexhill
on-Sea by 4 wickets.
Lancashire beat Gloucestershire by 4
wickets. Notts and Sussex had a draw.
The following team will represent Eng
land in their third contest with Australia,
to be played at the Oval: W. G. Grace, A.
E. Stoddart. K. S. Raniitsinhji, F. 8. Jack
son, Richardson, Gunn, Hayward, Abel
ana Lilley.
The last two places rest between Loh
man, Feel, J. T. Hearne and Captain
Wynward.
Surrey defeated Notts by 424 to 240, the
victor's score including five innings over
40.
Playing for Somerset against Middlesex
in a drawn match W. N. Roe, ex-greatest
scorer of the world, made 106 without
giving a chance.
In the Gloucestershire-Sussex match
Champion W. G. Grace made 301 of the
551, which gave the decision to Gloucester
shire.
The Canterbury week opened with a
match between Kent and Lancashire,
which resulted in a draw. Maclareu's
226 not out for Lancashire was the feature
of the event.
The scheduled cup match for to-morrow
is between the Alameda and Bohemian
Clubs at Golden Gate. . Umpibe.
— j — »
KENNEL.
Grand Bench Show of the San Joa
quln Agricultural Association.
The interest oi all owners and breeders
of fine dogs is at present focused in the
bench show of the San Joaquin Valley Ag
ricultural Association, to be held at Stock
ton September 23, 24, 25 and 26.
The American Kennel Club rules will
prevail, with the following additions:
I. No dogs will be received before 8 a. m.
Wednesday, September 23, or after 12 m. on
the same day.
11. Trie managers or superintendent will use
due diligence for the care and safety of all
do<rs exhibited. Watchmen will be kept on
auty day and night, but it must be
distinctly understood by all exhibitors that
the management will not be responsible for
loss or damage to any dog exhibited, whether
the result of accident or other cause.
111. It is desired that with each entry the ex
hibitor will state the price for which he will
sell his dog. A prohibitory price will be per
mitted. All transactions must be between the
owner or his representative and the purchaser.
The managers or superintendent, unless re
quested, will not interfere or assume any re
sponsibility in the matter.
IV. An entry fee of $5 will be charged (or
each dog entered, which includes listing. The
entry fee must in all cases accompany the
entry, which includes cpre and feed oi dogs
during the exhibition.
V. All entries must be made on blanks fur
nished by the secretary, and can be had on
application at the office, Stockton, Cal.
VI. The entries close on Tuesday, September
15, aud as soon thereafter as practicable each
exhibitor will receive a ticket of identification
aud a number tag corresponding with the stall
number of his dog. When the dog is brought
to the exhibition hah the tag must be attached
to the collar, and the person accompanying
the dog must show his ticket of identification
before the animal will be received. Therefore
exhibitors are requested not to lose their tags
nor to put them on thedogs, when practicable
until just before presenting them at the door!
In case of dogs coming by express the tags
must be firmly nailed to the crates, and where
there are more than one of the same breed in
the crate, duplicate tags should be made out
and attached to their collars.
VII. Each exhibitor shall receive one ticket
of identification for all dogs entered, which
must be carefully preserved, as no dogs will be
permitted to pass out of the building at night
until its owner shall deposit $5 ana surrender
the ticket to the check-clerk, both of which
will be returned on the return of the dog next
morning before 10 o'clock. If prize-winners
are taken out and not returned, the prizes
awarded them will be forfeited. A season
ticket will be issued to each exhibitor free,
and will be for his or her individual use only
The ticket will be forfeited if transierred.
VIII. No dog will be received unless supplied
with a suitable collar and chain.
IX. The show will be opeii from 10 a. m. to
10 p. m. each day.
X. The judging will commence promptly
Wednesday, September 23, at 1 p.m. During
the hours of judging no dog shall be taken
from its stall, not even by its owner; and if
any dog is not found in its stall when called
for by the judge, the judee will proceed witn
out it. This rule will be rigidlr enfo-ced,
that the judging may not be retarded. Own
ers are requested to be near their dogs, end
when the ciass is called to bring their animals
into the judging-ring. In the absence of the
owner, attendants will take ihe dog into the
ring.
XI. No dog shall be permanently removed
from the building until 10 o'clock on Satur- [
day night, September 26, except by consent of
the managers or superintendent.
XII. A deposit of $5 (to be made with the
secretary) must accompany all protests, the
money to be forfeited in the event ot the pro
tests being held frivolous.
XIII. All dogs must be removed and returned
by the Hunter-street entrance.
XIV. The bench-show committee shall have
the right to exclude or remove any dog from
the show for any cause appearing to them
sufficient.
XV. Exhibitors will be allowed to exercise
their dogs only from 7 to 9 a. m. and 5 to 6 :30
p. m.. and no dog will be permitted off the |
bench except during those hours. Otherwise!
the superintendent will see that they are ex
ercised. Thi3 rule will be rigidly enioreed.
XVI. Attention is directed to Rule II of the j
American Kennel Club regarding registration. !
but it should be understood that dogs need i
not necessarily have a pedigree to eutitle them !
to entry.
Note— All exhibitors will be careful to enter
their dogs in the right class, as under the late
rules of the American Kennel Club no dog can
be transferred to another class.
The officers of the association are as fol
lows: Directors — F. D. Cobb, president;
C. E. Doan, secretary; Louis Gerlach, C.
E. Needham, J. A. Shephard, Senator
Lanpford, R. W. Russell, John E. Budd
i and David Young.
The bench-show committee is composed
of James H. Budd, E. L. Colnon, D. Win
ders, John E. Doak, John Heffernan (sec- |
retary) and D. J. Sinclair (clerk).
Dr. J. H. Eddy will act as veterinarian
and J* Otis Fellows of Hornellsville, N.
V., as judge of ail classes.
YACHTING.
Everybody Away on the Cruise Up
the Sacramento.
• i The expected cruise up the Sacramento
River, mentioned last week, materialized
and, accordingly, there is little excitement
in the yachting world.
Most of those who take an active inter
est in sailing over the briny deep in their
swift little vessels have left their desks
and account-book 3 behind for the / exhil
arating sport of visiting the various towns
and cities on the line of the cruise and
taking life easy in hammocks the rest of
the time.
As soon as the yachts return with the
sun-tanned i pleasure-seekers > news of in
terest in yachting may be expected.
A watermelon cruise will be taken to
Goat Island to-day by the Oakland Navy.
The fleet will depart from Sessions Basin,
on the estuary, at 4 p. m. The following
yachts will spread their sails for the
cruise: The shipjack Surprise, Captain
Hinckley; sloop Mascotte, Captain Juies
Hartman; sloop Mirth, Dr. Mervey: sloop
Flash, Captain Chapman; sloop Annie,
Captain William Banks; sloop : Ralph B,
Captain Peter Brock, and the canoe JEolus,
Captain Clans Isaksen.
■ ■■ w -
SWIMMING.
Benefit for the California Swim
ming Club Next Month.
On the evening of September 2 a benefit
will be given the California Swimming
Club at Sutro's baths. The features of the
programme are varied, including club
swinging, bar work and several glove and
wrestling contests. The programme of
' the swimming is as follows:
100-yard race, for the championship of the
Pacific Coast, open. to all; prize, a gold medal.
220-yard race, fOT the championship of the i
Pacific Coast, open to all; prize, a gold medal. |
Quarter and half mile championship race,
for the coast championship.
Obstacle race, lor members of the California
Swimming Club.
Feats of high and fancy diving, by A. Kahn,
R. B. Cornell, J. Hobbs, L. Hasshagen, Hanseii
and Empy.
Trapeze work, by members of the California
j Swimming Club.
100-yard race for girls, open to all; prize, a
silver medaU
.-..-. ... *- ■
[ .... * -. Coursing.
Thirty-six first-class dogs, among them
being some of the best of the local flyers,
will meet in the slips at Ocean View cours
ing park to-morrow, and with the fast
hares that are now in the paddocks good
sport should result.
The management of this park is con
templating a lot of improvements that
will make Ocean View as attractive to
leashmen as any ground in the State. Fol- I
lowing is the result of the drawing that
took place at Delta Hall last evening:
P. Kerrican'B Bandalon vs. W« F. Rally's
Evening Star, S. Newman's Charlie Boy vs.'P.
Gorman's Domino, S. Newman's Bob Ingersoll
vs. A. Marrill's Handspring, Cronin & McDon
ald's Reliance v=. Portrell & Hagerty's Eld
ridge, Cronin & McDonald's Rosa B vs. Casser- j
ley & Leehman's Mission Boy, Larkay <&O'Con
nor's Spinaway vs. T. Cooney's Eclipse. Casser
ley & Lehman's Bobolink vs. D. Toland's
Dread Not, D. Tweedey's White Rushie vs.
P. Gorman's Kingston, T. Butler's Susie vs.
J. Dillon's Bill Nye, P. Kerrigan's
Lady Wheelan vs. H. Murray's Fairy,
A^, Merrill's Ben Brush vs. J. Lennon's St.
Cloud, P. Rellly's Sam vs. J. Seggertson's
White Chief, J. Dunlee's Sweeper vs. Casserley
I &Leahman's California Violet, T. Cochrane's
i Marguerite vs. T. Cooney's Right Bower, Cas
| serley & Leahman's Nelly C vs. T. Traut's Lit
tle Beauty, J. Sewell's Gold Dust vs. J. Dean's
Ivy, Portall & Hagerty's Magnet vs. M. Kerri
gan's Lord Clifton, J. Lennou's Maud S vs. T.
Neenan's Regent.
Prizes are: $25, $15, $8, $4, $4.
An attractive card is presented for Ingle
side Coursing Park for to-morrow in a
puppy stake in addition to the regular old
dog stake. In the former event a number
of youngsters, that are believed by their
I owners to be coming champions, will
I appear for the first time, and their debut
i is looked for with interest. Following is the
! result of the drawing that took place at
Delta Hall on Thursday evening:
Ail-aged stake— M. Traynor's Climax vs. C.
Griswold's Belmont, J. Hhea's Fearless vs. M.
Traynor's Whip Jr., J. Field's Nellie F vs.
Cronin & McDonald's Li»6ak, Valley kennel's
Lillian Russell vs. J. Wood's Mohawk, O'Con
nor & Larkey's True Blue vs. T. Brennan's
Gold King, S. Cumming's Foxhall vs. Rich
mond kennel's Uncle Sam, C. Griswold's Emm
Pasha vs. M. Kerrigan's White Cloud, S. Leh
man's Nellie C vs. O'Connor & Larkey's Gal
loping, M. Trainor's Flashlight vs. J. Rivers'
Brighteyes, Phil Ryan's Royal Stag vs. D.
Chilla's'Happy Day, Valley kennel's Skylark
vs. D. Leonard's Will o' the Wisp, D. Burfield's
Trix vs. Bay Farm kennel's Snowbird, Rich
mond kennel's Richmond Boy vs. J. Wren's
Rapid, Portal & Haggerty's Laurelwood vs,*r
Quane's See Boy.
Puppy stakes— Ford & Mahoney's Nellie Gray
vs. J. O'Brien's Mayday; M. O'Connor's Lady
Clifton vs. J. McGlruey's Yellow Girl; Arcade
Kennel's Miss Murphy vs. Portal & Haggerty's
Babe Murphy; W. D. Murphy's Queenston vs.
J. McCormack's White Lily; J. I. Cohen's
Highland Mary vs. W. Greeley's Dan; W. D.
Murphy's Clifette vs. J. F. Grace's Deceiver.
Prizes for all aged stake, $22, $12, $7, $7;
for puppies, $12, $6, $4.
Handball.
Several interesting games have been ar
ranged for the handball courts to-mor
row. At the San Francisco court the sin
gle-hand tournament among the juvenile
players for the gold and silver medals pre
sented by Phil Byan, the proprietor of the
court, will be commenced. Each rub will
consist ot fifty-one straight aces. Eight
competitors have entered and some of
them are. expert players. The other games
at this court will be:
D. Regan and W. Stansbury against T. Fay
and G. Maguire, G. Hutchinson and D. Con
nolly against J. Lawless and P. Hutchinson,
J. McEvely and P. Keily against J. Slattery
and C. Sullivan, Al Collina and W. Jacobs
against L. Kenny and W. Cunningham, M. J.
Kii gallon and J. C. Nealon against P. Donnelly
aud K. L3nihan.
At the Union court Terry McManus, the
heavy-weight champion, has prepared the
following programme:
F. G. Doran and W. Gallagher will play J.
Gilleran and C.Fischer. K. Patterson and J.
C. Johnson will play J. Freeman and J. Sutton.
F. Dougherty and J. Flynn will play W. Dran
ion and J. Sullivan. Ed Toy and James O'Don
nell will play T. Sullivan and George McGuire.
Tom Willey and M. Tlerney will play R.
Murphy and M. M, Duffey. The event of the
day will be between R. Lenlhan and J. Nelson
and J. J. Feeney and Terry McMauus.
LOVELACE IS SATISFIED.
Contractor A. K. Buckman Will Not Be
Compelled to More His Camp.
Health Officer Lovelace, to whom was j
left by the Board of Health the duty of de- j
ciding whether or not A. E. Buckman's i
grading camp is a menace to the public j
health visited the caniD yesterday and
gave it a thorough inspection.
After noting the improvements that
have been made since it was condemned
by the Board of Health and the evident
efforts that have been made to put the
place in a thoroughly sanitary condition,
*be Health Officer decided to recommend
that tne resolution of condemnation be re
ceived and that Buckman be allowed to
maintain his camp as long as it is kept
clean.
TRIED TO ESCAPE.
A Burglar Jumps Into the Bay, but
Three Shots Fired at Him Makes
Him Return.
George Hansen, an ex-convict, has been
wanted by the police for the past two weeks
on the charge of burglary. He is accused
of breaking into the house of Albert Beck,
816 lowa street, on the night of August 4,
and stealing a lot of silverware.
Detectives Bee and Harper were detailed
on the case, and two days later they re
covered the stolen property in a pawnshop,
and from the description of the man who
pawned it they came to the conclusion he
was Hansen.
A description of Hansen was sent to the
different police stations, and Friday night
Lieutenant Bennett of the Potrero met
him on one of the wharves there. He
placed him under arrest, Dut he broke
away and jumped into the bay. He started
to swim away, and Bennett whipped out
his revolver and fired three shots at him.
The third shot scared him, and he swam
back. The lieutenant hauled him Dut of
the water and sent him to the City Prison,
where he was locked up in the tanks.
Yesterday afternoon the pawnbroker iden
tified him.
Hansen is a well-known petty thief, and
in August, 1893, he was sentenced to two
years in San Quentin for burglary.
; — #~ . . . _■- : '
Ashwortb Will Not Ban;
Superintendent oi Streets Ashworth. who
has been mentioned as a candidate for State
Senator from the Twenty-eighth District, an
nounced yesterday that he is not and will not
be a candidate for the place. . .
NEW TO-DAY.
STRIP PROOF
Can You Possibly Doubt This Evi-
dence From Honorable Men
• Who Have ■.■Been Cured by
. Dr. Sanden'3 Electric
Belt.
*V, -V;
Its merit Vl. It ha. the
In the Power- j^*^*/*v^* late jo Im-
, i VI * i AsJr^VS- proved Screw
......
W HEN YOU READ EVERY DAY OF THE
cures Dr. Sanden's Electric Belts are per-
forming you cannot help being convinced, for
these men are well known; they ' are honest,
and their words are respected by those who
know them. Then you MUST be convinced,
for the proof is too: plain to doubt it. True,
there is a great deal of humbug 'in the world
of medicine, but a remedy which bears such a
record as this one has is worth trying. It is
different from all others. . - ■
Read This Letter.
: Sax Fbancisco, June 7, 1896.
To Whom It May Concern: In June, 1832, I be-
came" afflicted with kidney and other .troubles,
which seemed to affect the nerve centers of my
spine, which became so paralyzed that there was
no feeling there. ; I was confined to my bed most
of the time for sixteen months, and was ; treated
by three eminent physicians without success, and
after a i consultation they . informed ; me . that my
case was Incurable; but, as 1 was in no hurry
about dying, . I ; concluded to , try . Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt, so I purchased one and began using
it In two months I was able to work and was
soon entirely well and happy and gained fifteen
pounds. My health has since that time been good.
I am in no way : Interested in the sale of Dr.
Sanden's Electric " Belts, but ; I do ■ cheerfully
recommend them to the afflicted. I would further
add that I have had this Belt since .November.
1893, and it still gives a good current. xptmosamauL
Y. B. PARKS.
209 Fourth street, San Francisco.
Many Like It.
There are many other letters like this, show-
ins that Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is a certain
cure for all Kidney and related troubles. Lame
Back, : Nervous ) Debility . and . all . weakness of
the nerves, muscles and vital organs of the
body. It gives life and powes wherever it is
lacking. Send for the book, "Three Classes of
Men," with full information and price list
free, sealed, by mail. . .
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
830 Market street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; a a. m. to
8:30 v. M.- (Sundays, 10 to 1.
: Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
JX)B ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR.,
. 204 bouth Broadway. , | 253 Washington street .
OCEAN .TRAVEL. _
CEANIC S.S.CO^n»^DAYS to;
HAWAII, SAMOA, /Uv HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, (B ' BY
--' AUSTRALIA. \Jts.S. AUSTRALIA.
is. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day, August 29. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
" S. S. AUMED A sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at '2 p.m. •. ;.-■:. ■ v ■. •. , - . '.'  . -. . . \-,-. % ■
" Line to COOLOARDIE, Aust, and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. . . - r
J. D. SSPRECKELS & BROa CO., Agents, ;
. 114 Montgomery street.
: Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco. -
ASTORIA iIioBTLANII
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails ...... ...Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 16, 25
bate of California 5ai15...'..... ."..;........'...:
. Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, 30
From Spear-st Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. jc ;
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Genl.'Supts.
i". *". CuN.mjk. General Agea*.
630 Market street
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FjROM A^,
roadway wharf, - San Francisco, . a|.fi»aX
follows: ■■ ■ -■'""-'' • •■' ■■•: ' - -':- -" .-.-. .:v -;
: For Man- Island, Lorln?, Wrangel, Juneau, Kil.
llsnoo aud Sitlca (Alaska), at 9 a. m.. Sept.. 11, 26.
; For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- ;
: send, ; Seattle, Tacoma,' Everett, Anacortes and
i New Wratcom (Belllniham . Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
; Auir. 2, 7, 1 2, 17. 22, 27," and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
. R., atTacoma with N. P. R. X., • at Seattle with U.
N. By.; at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ICurelca, Area: a and Fields Landing (Hum.
ooldtBay) sir. ■ Pomona .2>. r. m.. Auk. 1, 5. 9, 13,
17, 21, a 5, 29. and every fourth day thereafter. r.
H For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San SlmeOD, Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, Han Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport at 9 a. m. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every - fourth
day thereafter. j .-<:-" "■ .;.■■'•
•■*. For Han Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), banta Barbara, Port Lot An-
Veles, Redondo ■■ (Los Angeles) : and Newport. 11
a. K. Auitust 1,6, 9, 13, 17, 21; 25, -29 and every
fourth day thereafter.,- V,. . ; • :
' For Knseiiada. Han Jose del Cabo. Mazallan, La
Paz and | Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. Augus. 27, and 25th of each month ; there-
after. .'-,-.: - •••".:■ .■ ■ '-' "-;• ■ - : i: - . - v -
; Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 ; New : Montgomery
"gOODALLJ PERKINS «6; CO., Gen'l Agents, '
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agenw,
; . " : 10 Market st., San Francisco.:-.,
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GAIOS& SAKTACRIZ
STKAMER ALVISO LEAVER PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10a.' m. (Sundays excepted): Alviso daily at
7p. m. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and • Pas- „;
aenfer. Fare between Han l'r»jcl»co and Alviso,
00c; to Ban Jose, 75c. Clay St., Pier 1. HO W.
tliflt* r '*r>ltn C^iP ■ Ta **- - — . . ' •- :'- ~~~r~;
"NEW °- DA^____ ____
lAliiiliDTlfllsLEr
THIS DAY
I HBfaWß9g*<MMM3y^|l*T ,*sr Satnrdav °' clock vH- on Augusts?, 1898,
: Ml#ilM§k MARTIN 0 MURPHY'S HOME-
-1 ISiy3^____M^^ ' STEAD TRACT,
„ __ Subdivision No. 6,
|| J\ J AUC jTION Half Mile South of the Pleasant Town Of
MOUNTAIN VIEW,
350 ACRES Santa Clara County.
Of the Choicest and Richest Land on the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY'S
Historical Homestead Tract
Which is acknowledged as the selected portion for residences, as well as containing the
richest, deepest and most fertile soil in this world-beater for fruit— Santa Clara Valley.
Here are grown to perfection, not only tor coloring and flavor but as to size, and is
beyond question the literal home of the Apricot, Pear. Prune, Peach and every variety
of deciduous fruits. Berries thrive to an astonishing degree of perfection, ami Grapes
in every variety grow and flourish beyond the most sanguine hopes of the grower, and
for which the extreme highest prices are obtained. This section of the great Santa
Clara Valley is appropriate for any variety of fancy farming or hobby of the fruiterer,
_A.j\r:D wiijlj be sold in
35 io=ACRE up a d R d TRACTS.
UiUTDC IT 10 ALin U/UAT IT 10 About six mi!e3 from the Stanford University
nnLllC II .' 10 ftHU film I 1 1 10. fronts the Southern Pacific railroad, nine
miles from San Jose, six miles from Palo Alto, forty miles from San Francisco, about
half a mile from railroad station at Mountain View, and about one hour by rail from
San Francisco. This tract fronts on the main San Jose and San Francisco Boulevard,
or County road, road, Evelyn avenue, Mountain View and Alviso road
(which are main thoroughfares), and is covered with a dense growth of large, stately
oaks.
A SPECIAL FIRST-CLASS
K^j_^MJ|^^^_rjijjprnra^ : To Martin Murphy's Homestead Tract,
Subdivision No. (3,
Half Mile from the Town of Mountain
- - -^a^fSSEBaEr;. ..—^..u^-^.j _ ... View, -.
On Account of This IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE,
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock a. m. SATUR-
DAY, August 22,' 1896. stopping at Valencia-street Station, San Mateo, Ked wood and Menlo Park, re-
turning leave Murphy Ranch at 3:30 o'clock p. m. same day.
81. 00 ROUND-TRIP TICKETS 81.00. Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
August 21, 1896, all day, and on Saturday/August 22, day of the excursion, ud to 9:30 o'clock a. m.,
and at the depot, Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock
a. M., from our representative and ticket office at depot. From other stations on the train, from San
Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds.
TERMS— One-Fourth Cash, balance in 1, 2 and 3 years, in-
terest per cent per annum.
EASTOS, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, 638 Market St.,
WOOSTER & WHITTON, Real Estate Agents, 7 West Santa Clara Street,
San Jose,
Or WALTER A. CLARK, Mountain View.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COJPICSIE GENERAL TRAISATLOTIQUE
French L.in«» to ; Ha,vr<*. ;..-'-..'
PANY'S \V),42 NORTH AjM
\J River, foot of Mortou st. Travelers by -gEbsStC
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aaj
the discomfort of . crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorJt to Alexandria, Kjjypt, via Kir;*
lirst-ciass $160; second-class, #116. -.... ■
LA BRKTA(;<F...... ... August 29, 3A. M.
LA BOURGOGXE .........Sept. 5, 9 a. SC,
LA NOBMANDIK..... Sept. 12 6a. it
LATOURAINE..... ...Sept. 19, 7 a. Sfc
LA GA5C0UXK. ............ ...Sept. 26, 3 a. M.
- . 49- for further particulars apply to
. A.FOKGET, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <& CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
■venue, San Francisco. •
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LKAVE ASPIXWALL >wg|-
fortnightly for tho West ' Indies and ■SSSSm
■Southampton, calling en . route at ■ cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers." '
Through bills of lading,, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. oJfeßMaj
- Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $105: third
class, $97 60. 'For further particulars 'apply to
. PABKOTT A CO., Agents,
: 3n« California St.
U.S. SIVY-YARD. MARE ISLAND, VALLEJO,
*Brnida,*PBrt Co»ta. 'Crockett and *Valona. ;
STK. BIOKTICEI.I.O, i
Dally 10:30 a. if., 4:00 p. m. " (Saturdays **lO:30
a. M.), 3:30 p. if. Sundays 8 p. H. only. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. f Telephone BlacH
' i6 }\ Jo  HATCH BROS.
* 4 and 8 r. it. trips only. ■-. : . ■ . •
*» Excursion trip. . Gives 5 hours at .Navy-yard.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 F. M, Daily. Freight received up
t05:30 P. j»L : ...
Kg- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
STEAMKKs:
T. C. Walker, J.D.Peters,
Mary Garratt, -— City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. DV. Xav.'and Impt. Co
—■ f I
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
saFflSSoSrthpa.
Cmc RAILWAY CO.
Yiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 0:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:3JL
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 T. M Thursdays— Extra trip
' st 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. k. ■ • > --•-
BUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. x.; 1:30, 3:3*
.6:00, 6:20 P. X. • ; -•- ;. ■ ■■, .
■San Rafael to San Francisco.'
WEEK DAYS-6:15, l 7:50; 9:10, 11:10 a. it.'
' : 12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. M. Saturdays— trips
" at 1:55 p.m. and 6:35 p. J£. - -, ..z7- j
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:36, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:4 ft :
- 6:00,6:25 p.m. " - . I
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park ■»«
■ • schedule as above. ■ ■
Leave . '. T „«.--! I-' Arrive
Ban Francisco. A pril ?; " San Franclsca
Wefs 1 Sun- u,3?n^i_J SUV- I ffm -
Dayb. I DAYS. ■ UCaUnatl<>l ;. PAYS. | AY<L
7:30 am! 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 am
8:30 PM;9:3O am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 6:00 par Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
i Fulton, ■ ■ --■■ ■■":
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
 lHealdsburg,
' I Geyser ville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am| Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
...... ~~~ "" Pleta, ■•■■■• — T~ .
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 AM
8 :30pm I 7:30 am Ulciah. 7:80 6:15
7:30 am ~~~~~ 10:10 am
- -. t 7 :30 am Guerneville. 7:30 psj
3:80 PM ■-•■■;■ 6:15 PM
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 1 10 :40 am 8:40 am i
'.;.■,•---. .-.-■,: •■.•■:.■-, and . ■
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm \ 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7 :30 am I sebastotioL 110:40 am 1 10:10 AM i
8:80 5:00 pm| .°«°Mtopo»- | 6:oft fm| 6:15 pm '
' Stages connect at sanja ! Rosa for MarK West !
Springs; at Geyservtlle for . Skates Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kolsey ville. Soda liar and Lakeport; at j
Hopland for • Lakeport and Harriett > Springs; at I
Ukiah for Vichy .Spring!!, Saratoga Springs, i Bins ;
Lakes, Laurel Bell Lake, Upper Laxe, Porno, Patter j
Valley." John ■ Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, . Buck-
Bell's,. San hedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
{Greenwood, 017*3 Hot Springs.' Mendoclno City,
{Ton Brag?, Wsstport, > TJsal. Wit lets, Cahto, C«-
Talo, i.ayion Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
Met v "; -:- 1 - ■ ■ '■■' ■ . ■ ■■: ■'-- ;■ ■'. ■■■■' ■■ -
i On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. . '
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle rmlldtoa,
H. a WHITING, , R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pas?. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sangalito Ferry). . :
From San Francisco," commencing June 15, 1895.
: ; >•: . /WEEKDAYS. ■-,;. / -.- • ! :■
For Mill Valley and; San Rafael — 7:00, *B^oo
*9:15 10:16, 11:15. a. m.; *1:15, 3:20, 4:15,
' 6:15, *b:00. d:35 p.m. .
Extra trips ■ ior San : Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
; days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. m. V J JtumQiElil
v. •-. ;•:.,.:- SUNDAYS. - ••: . ■ -
For Mill Valley , and San Rafael -*8:00, ■ »9:00,
•10:00. 11:31) a. M.; »*IJ:3J. *1 :30, *2:15, *4:00,
; 6:30, 6:45, 8:30 P. m. ' Extra trip to Sausalito at
!; 11:00 A. m.-, .
Trains ' marked • run to San ' Qaentln. . **12
' p.m. does not run to Mill Valley. ,
. : THROUGH TRAINS.
' For Point : Reyes ana ." way stations— 9 a. m.
Sunday*. r-' ■:. . . ■ :'■'■.. ■'.•. , Hi
•> For Point , Reyes, . Cazadero and way station*— .
8:00 a, m. Sundays; 1:16 r. m. weekdays.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
. (PACJfIO HVRTK4C.> .
' Trains leave mill nre <luo In arrive at
BAN I'iiIXCISCO.
HAT* — F«om Jdxe 7. 189 C. — AUIUTI
'•6:00 a Niles, San Jose aud Way Stations . . . 8:45 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Ifost.v *-*5»
7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe, Rumsey. Sacra*
mento, Oroville and Redding via
Davis 6:45
7:*oa Martinez, Sun Ramon, Naps, Calls-
toga and Santa 805 a......... 6:15r
■:30a Nilcs, Kan Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvilla and Rec
Bluff ««isr
•S:80a Peters an.l Mi1t0n............ «7:18p
•:UOa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Loo Angeles 4:4!>p
•:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
»:OOa Vallejo 6:15r
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and LivurMore. ..... 8:45 a
•I:OOp Sacramento Eivcr Steamers. - "OtOOr
tl:80p Port Costa and Way Stations f?:4&p
4i l>Op Martinez, San Itatnon, Vallejo, '
Napa, Oalistoga, lA Verauo i.nc
SautalCosa....... »«13a
%—r Benicia, Vaa*?l]le. Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrill^
OroTille and Sacramento 18:45 a
4<Mr Niles, San Jose, Lirermore and
Stockton :.. 7:13p
«:3»p Merced, Bereada, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fre5n0....... 11:45*
•iMf New Orleans Fresno, Bakers*
. «ield, Kar.ta lSarbara.Los Angeles
■ Iteming, £1 Paso, New Oilcans and
Sast lOiISa
Bi9OT Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
' for Mojato aud East IC:l3a
B:OOpVaneJo..... ............:.... Hj4sa
«:OOi- Kurupean Ma.l, Ogden and East.... 9:45 a
«:OOplla>narilB, Hilts and Han Jose 7:45 a
|7:0«p Vallejo f7'.43p
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portlaud, Piiget
: Bound and Kast 10:45 a
BAWTA <:itl Z DIVISION (.Wro* «»npej. ~*
$7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, bnU Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB»o3p
5a Newark, Ccii tervi 1 lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way
Stations... .;........ :... 8 15«
•S:lBr> Newark, Ce-irerville, Sau Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Station ;.......-. .....MIJ2OA
<I:1Bf Newark. San .logo and I,os (iatos.... 1f9:50A
' COAST IHVISIOS (Thir.l A ionmsend St*.)
u "»6:45a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....,,. 9:47 a
t7i3#A Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore, ana
Principal Way Stations }fi3OF
•ildASftu Jose, Tres l'iuos, Kmita Crux,
yacilio Grove. Pano Robles, Sao
JiUis Obispo, Guadalttpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7tOsp
39:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations'. ....... f 1 «30p
■ «j4O a Sau Jo-" Way 5tati0n5......... 5:0«p
HiSOa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
■2:30p San Maten, Menlo Park, Haa Jog*
Cilroy, Tires Pinos, Santa Cms,
. Balinas,MontereyaiidP(M;iDcGrore *IQ:4Oa ,
•8:30p Ban Jose, Pacino Grove and Way ■
. 5tati0n5.... ...........r.... ...... *l; 30*
•4:30r San Jo*e«iud Way 5tati0n5......... *»:»<>a
S:3op San Jose and Principal Way Stations »H:4Ma
6::iop San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... «::53a
Ml:4sp San Jose an.l Way Stations <7:4-^p
'SAX LKANOBO AM) H.4YWABDS MM AL.
4»6:00aV \ . - ' ( 7:15 a
8:00 a . I rO:43A
io : B2i '■»!»», BemiH»ry Park, \y.\l\
'":«•& Fit«hbßr I ,ndro »f{Jsj
« « d ; | SUE
gjoop lUjrwra.. ; «;J*J
7:<>op S:4r»f
Sloop i Rons through to Niles. 10-30f
ttll':lsp; tFromNUes. ttl2:Qof
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from SIR mH2ISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)— -
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:flO *2:00 t3:CI
. •4:00 V 16:00 *6:OOPJi. .'
From OiEUHR-Foot of Broad »•/.— , ~-<>:00 8:04
10:00 a.m. J12:00 •1.03 \ $8:00 *3:00 tt:M
m «S:OQP.M. '-*- . .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. - t Saturdays odJj,
'- . ■ ' .- •'-■ \-. } Sundays only.
. ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
6 Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz. '
\ Sundays and Mondays from Santa- Crua. '
AND "W^
KAILKOAD JSft*~7SEWv!^jXCj
Trains leave and arrive at RyC§|§|spgg||jy
Market-Street Ferry-
SASTA FE. EXPRESS. W?SBm
To Chicago via A. & r -\|£ziggwJQHS|l
Direct JL.ine ■^■'^►■■•'"^•ip
I/eaves erery day at 5 p. m., carryiu^lfulinista
Palace .» Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up-
holstered Tonrlst Sleeping-cars, ; with . clean linen
«nd bedding and in charge of a porter,' run dally
through I* Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and Si. .Louis. ;. . :.. •
- Personally conducted Boston Excursions ■ tla
E«Dsas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit* '
Mountains leave every Wednesday. ..
' • The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; interesting scenery)
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
~ Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
:^; - v p'-V Chronicle Building,
Telephone Mail 1531.
»'^l^^Siml Bi * *" i 3 a -poisonous
./^Hpi^a^H remedy - for * Gonorrhoea, '
J^^^CVRKb^^M Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/wZS/inl tosd»j§.^H Whites, unnatural dig-
fiSpSf . Onannteed Kg charges, or any inflamma-
ffSv not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
ir» TfPrrrtau contagion. tion of mucous mem-
iySlmE»AHSCH£MiC>iCo. ,* >ranc * ; • Non-astringent. \ : :
Wiflrok CINCINNATI, O .iBSSB Sold by »rnjf»Utc,
*i£l£&L TJ o^A'ijßF 0V Bent ' n Plain wr-.pper,
J^^^^J * JJ&ffSl by express, prepaid. fvC
V&BSGklßMiSrZzlai $1.00. or 3 bottles, ?J.7\
"•^mjJjjjgP'V' ■ Circular teat or, .*; iisast»
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAKKKI'S.
Silver rapl recovering.
Wheat advanced a fraction.
Barley weaker.
By» slightly off.
Corn dull and weak. Oats quiet.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Very little trade in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. ,
Vegetables steadier.
Fruit Market in better shape.
reaches advancing.
Grapes lower.
Dried Apricots rather firm.
Provisions unchanged.
Seneral decline In Hides.
Meat Market unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmef
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
•■ill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United Statks Department of AGmcrjir
TCRE, WKATHEB lICBEAU, SaS FRANCISCO,
Aug. 21, 1896, 5 p. m. Weather conditions and
general forecast;
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day :
Eureka 62, Fresno 98, .-an Diego 82, Red duff
96, San Luis ispo 78, Ynma 104, San Francisco
03, Los Angeles 78.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 63,
minimum 54, mean 58.
An area of high pressure is central this evening
in Northwestern Montana and the lowest pressure
is reported from Arizona. Fair weather prevails
throughout the Pacific Coast States, but condi
tions remain showery in Utah and Idaho. Unusu
ally cool weather prevails in Montana, Idaho
and Wyoming and still cooler weather is antici
pated in Utah. Conditions will become more
c.oudy in Southern California and Arizona.
■- Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight August 22, 1896.
Northern California — Fair Saturday; fresh
northwest winds,
. southern California— Fair but with Increasing
cloudiness in south portion Saturday; fresh north
west winds.
' Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Showers to-nieht and probably Saturday
in the north portion ; generally fair in the south por
tion.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday; cooler in south
portion.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair Sat
urday; brisk to high westerly winds.
W. H. Jlammox, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V. , Aug. 21. -The market for
securities was feverish to-day, but business was on
a light scale. Transactions in stocks footed up
only 156,214 shares, the smallest total for any day
of the week. Speculation was feverish through
out and under the control \of several operators,
who are still working for lower prices. The street
was flooded with rumors of an unfavorable char
acter, but on investigation it was found that the
reports had no foundation in fact. Some of the
renorts were of a highly sensational character and
undoubtedly had something to do with the low
range of prices which prevailed during the after
noon session.
1 lie special feature of the trading was the heavi
ness of Western Union. The stock sold down 3
per cent to 73JygC and lacked support, throughout.
The heaviness of Western Union offset the good
effect of the gold importations, and this, with the
selling for foreign account, explains the downward
tendency of the market. . Reports of late-cutiing
at the West assisted the shorts in their work of
depressing prices. Railway earnings to hand for
the second week of the current month generally
showed decreases as compared with the previous
year, and were not without their influence. -
speculation left off weak in tone with prices 14®
3 per cent below yesterday's closing, Western Union
leading. In the inactive list Pullman Palace de
clined 2 to 140. Bonds were weak. ■ Total sales
footed up 510,000. Atchtson general fours fell
214 to 71 14: do adjustment, 1% to 29i/i; Hock
ing Valley consolidated fives, 1 to 70: Missouri
Pacific consolidated sixes, 3 to 79: 6t. Louis South
western firsts, 1% to 65%; Southern Railway con
solidated fives, 1 to 81, and Texas Pacific firsts, 1
to 76. Louisville and New Albany and Chicago
general fives droppeJ 1 to 45. with a subsequent
rally to 48. The last sales were on Tuesday.
In Government bonds $20,000 registered fours of
1907 sold at 105y 8 @105; 88000 do coupons at
lOUVi and $3500 registered fives at 109.
Train.
FLOUR— Steady, quiet, unchanged. Winter
wheat, low grades, $1 7t'@2 50; do fair to fancy,
$2 40(53 40; do patents. $3 45@3 75: Minnesota
clear. $23061.2 70: do straights, $2 85fi£3 30: no
patents, 8 3 15fe3 95: low extras, SI 40@l 85: city
mills. f3 90; do patents. $4(a4 25: rye mixture,
$2 40<<*2 90; superfine, $1 60@215: fine, 81 60fii,J.
By c flour, steady. $2 25@2 75.
CORNMEAL— Quiet. Western Yellow, «2 ol@
, 2 10. **
HYE— Dull, steady. No. 1 Western. 38c f. o. b.
BARLEY— Quiet and steady; 49-pound, 31c
f. a. b. • , .
BARLEY MALT— DuII, steady. Western, 48®
56c.
WHEAT— DuII, firmer. F. o. b., 67V8C; un
graded red, 68@68c; No. 1 Northern, 66% -
- Options were less active - and irregular, closing
steady at 14@ 3 /8 C advance on firmer cables, for
eign buying, better West and local coverings.
Heptemher and i)ecember most active. No. 2 red
ay. 6934 c: August, 631/2 c: September, 643/ c;'
October. tt4S/»c; November, 65% c: December, 6tsc.
CORN— Spot, (lull, firm. No. 2, 28% c elevator
2S^4c afloat.
Options were doll and steady at %@V4c decline
on local • realizing and easier W. si. September
and in cember most active. August and ' Septem
ber. 28% c; October, :;9s/ c; December, SOVvc-
May, 32V2C
OATS— DuU, firm.
1 ions easier. August, 22c: September, 21% -
October, 27y 8 c: No. if. i2»4c: No. I white
26c: No. 2 Luicago, 23U£C: .No. 3 do. We; No. 3
white. 24V*c; mixed estern. 19@24c; white
State and Western, 23@30c.
?rovl*loni.
I,ABD— Quiet and steady. Western steam,
»3 82%: city, S3 M); September, $3 76: refined,
dull; continent. $4 25: south American, $4 70:
compound, g @4VsC.
. PORK-Quiet; steady. Old mess, 88©8 25; new
mess, $8 50fg.8 75.
lH'TTEH— Steady and dull.. Western dairy.
9@>l2c: do creamery, 11@1 6c;- do factory, 7Va
@llc: Kigins, 16c. . •>• .•-»
CHEESK— Dull, unsettled Part skims, 2@6c
JCGGS— Quiet, firm. Western fresh, 12@14c:
do, % case. $2@2 50. ■ . t . . - :
. TALLOW-Sieady. City, 3 l-16c: country, 3VBC
COTTonsked Oll^-Dull. Crude, 19©ioc- yel
low. 23ia'2:->l / ic. '
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1834.
■ BKANCH OFFICE ::.'.: .
128 Market sl, Palace Hotel. Tel Main 6828
: J. 8. PURIiY,- Manager. ■
Orders instantly executed on • latest market quo
• tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F.
uucAoa nuVAiJb. wikk. **w y«ml
HlCK— Steady, quiet. Domestic, 3@5%c: Japan,
4<3414C
. MOLASSES— Steady, quiet. New Orleans, 27
@37c. 
COFFEE— 10 to 16 points down; August,
$10 10; September, 59 70: October, $9 40: De
cember, $9 10@9 15; March, $9 15: May. $9 15.
Spot Kio dull, steady: No. 7, 10% c. . ' . ;{" '•■••
SUGAR— Kaw.-firm: quiet, Fair refining. 3c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3S/ 8 c: refined, fairly active,
firm, unchanged.
'■ Fruit and Produce. ■ ■'
ARICOTS— Bags, B@9c.
PEACHES — Peeled, 12@14c; unpeeled, 6y 2
B%c.
■ PRUNES— sizes, 4(a)se.
RAISINS— ;Two-crowß,3%@4c: do three-crown,
5@5%c; do lour-crowu. sVoc: do London layers,
$I@l 15; do clusters, $1 2i@l 40.
, HOPS— DuII, steady. Pacific Coast, 3@6%c.
London market unchanged.
. WOOL-steady, quiet; domestic fleece, 16@23c;
pulled, 18(»31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
• Merchandise.
net IRON— DuII, steady; American. $10 25®
12 10.
» COPPER— DuII; lake. *10 S>6<sll.
LEAD— Quiet: domestic, $2 65^2 67%.
1 1N -Firmer; straits, $13 35®13 40; plates,
dull, steady.
bPKLTEK-Dull, ; domcitlc 8370@3 75.
■ CHICAGO .M.VItKKIS
CHICAGO, In,. Aug. 21 — Better prices were
obtainable for wheat this morning and the open
trading gave indications of an interesting session,
but appearances were deceptive, the subsequent
market differing but Immaterially from the ordi
nary and on occasions showing decided, dullness.
The strength Incident to the opening was ascribed
to a firm tone in New York stocks, which followed
a rather weak start. Later prices of wheat were
sustained principally by reported export sales at
New York and moderately good cash transactions
at this place. local operators were the best
traders, the outside being absent and showing no
evidence of taking even a slight interest
Receipts at Chicago were 106 cars, and 63,835
bushe were taken from store. The Northwest
had 478 cars, against 420 last Friday and 472 a
year a so. Liverpool cables were quiet and steady. '
Toward the cosnj? the firmness which bad pre
viously prevailed began to ooze out of the market
and prices receded gradually. Closing Paris
cables were unchanged to 20 centimes higher for
Hour and unchanged for wheat. Antwerp was
unchanged and Berlin %@% of a mark lower.
Export clearances were 247,058 bushels. Sep
tember wheat opened at from 65% cto 65% c, ad
vanced to 66i4@563/gc, closing at 66% c. S/gC
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow, 140 cars. • *,'... :'.'•. •
CORN— Was almost a dead issue, with the ex
tremely moderate fluctuations taking place merely
in token of recognition of the action of wheat. No
news of any Importance was received, and trad
ers were apparently Indifferent to the usual statis
tics Receipts we're 442 cars, 28 less than esti
mated, and 543,495 bushels were taken from
store. Liverpool cables were %d lower for fu
tures and %d higher for spot. neat clearances
amounted to 13t*,722 bushels. May corn opened
at 27c, sold at 26%@26%c. closing at 26% c, a
shade under yesterday. .Estimated receipts lor to
morrow 640 cars. "* > ■ -
OATS— Opened strong, but were rather Inclined
to drag later. The desire of September shorts to
cover with the strength derived from wheat was
the principal sustaining factor. Receipts were 203
cars and 73,540 bushels were taken from store.
The tone of the market later accorded with the
easier feeling in wheat. May oats closed l/gc lower.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 283 cars.
FLAX— Was steady; casn Northwestern and
Southwestern. 66®66%c: September, 66@66%c;
December, 69% c. Receipts were 72 cars.
PROVISION 8- With a slight recovery in prices
at the yards there was an equally fair improve
ment in product values. Trading was of a listless
and insignificant sort, however, and no feature de
veloped. January pork closed unchanged, January
lard 2%c higher and January ribs a shade lower.
BUTTER— Was firm to-day. There was no in
crease in the quantity of fine stock while the de
mand continued urgent.
Creameries-Extras, 16% c: firsts, 14%@15%c;
seconds, ll@13c; imitations, fancy, . . 12@i.ic.
Dairies— Extras, 14c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c
Ladles— Extras, 9%@lUc: firsts, B@B%c; packing
stock, 6®7c; grease, 4@sc
EuGS^-Were firm. Fine stock was in light sup
ply and good demand. Fresh stock, ll@ll%c per
doz.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT — August. 55c: September, 66840;
December, 59y*c.
CORN— August. 22% c: September. 22% c: May,
26 %c.
OATS— September. 17%@m.4c: May. 19% c.
PORK— September. «6 95: January, 86 97%.
i.AKL— September, *3 fJVi- January, S3 80.
klx&— SeptemDer, 53 30; January, S3 50. -
Livestock. '-'■'■'.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. Aug. 21.— There
was a moderate supply of cattle on sale to-day,
and a fair active demand was noted. Prices were
firm. The supply Of hogs was light. The demand
was fair and prices advanced sc. The sheep and
lamb markets were steady.
CATTLK— KeceiDts. 3500. Fancy beeves, 84 80
fi4*n: choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 Ib steers,
$4 ilKoii HO: good to choice steers. 1300 to ltsOO !t>,
*4 20.0,4 35; medium steers. 1100 to 1300 St. S3 90
@4 15: common to fair steers. 950 to 1200 lbs,
$3 15 @ 3 86: rough Western steers, 82 90®
3 40: feeders. 900 to 1200 ft., $3 00@3 85: stockers,
500 to 875 It). $2 40®3 60; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 80®3 25; bulls, poor to cnoice, SI 76
fa 75: cows ana heifern. choice to extra. $3 50@
90: cows, fair to choice, $2 25@3 40: cows,
common to fair canners. $1 20@2 10: calves, good
to choice. $5 50faJ> 85: calves, common to good,
S3 00@5 *5; Texas grass steers. $a 40@3 35:
Texas cows and bulls, $1 75@2 50; Western can
ning steers, $2 65(a>4; Western range cows and heif
ers, $2 00@3 50 : milkers and springers, ft head,
820®40: Western range steers, $2 75®3 85.
HOGS— Receipts. 17.000. Heavy packlne and
shipping lots. $2 95&3 35: common to choice
mixed, 82 95@3 45: choice assorted, S3 56®
3 65: light, «3 25@3 65: pigs. «*2 50*8/3 6U
bU Receipts. 11,000. interior to choice,
'J ia.3 60; lambs, $330 0.
CALIFORNIA rBUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 21.— Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Urapes— SI 60@2 06 per half-crate: Thomp
son's seedless, SI 05@l 20. Pears— Bartletts. 95c
(asl 70 per box and 40@70c per halt-box; Souve
nir de Congress, $1 25 per box; Clapp's Favorite,
] $120. Plums— Japan, 65cQ$2 35 per half-crate:
I Quackenbc-s, SI 20; other varieties, 60c@$l 05.
Prunes— Fallenberg, $ 1 25<g>l 30 per half-crate;
German, 85c@$l 10; other varieties, 75c@$l 03.
Peaches— 3s@9sc per box. Nectarines— Ked, 70c
per half-crate.
CHICAGO, 111., Ang. 21.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany . sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears — Bartletu $1 05@l 20. Plums — Purple
Duane, SI 45. Prunes— ltalian, $1 25; Gros, 76c@
SI 05; Robe de p argent, 90c@$l. Nectarines,
SI 15. ______
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. . V., Aug. 21.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
August 20, with comparisons, as telegrapned to
I Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York... $450,650,754 96
Boston 71,102.132 ...... 17.1
Chicag0................. 70,819,592 ...... 12.7
Philadelphia 63,173,355 13.9
St. Louis . 20.814.561 1.9 .
Plttsburg 13.071,271 2.2
Cincinnati 8,940,100 ...... 11.6
Baltimore..... 11,516,695 3.3
San Francisco 13,133,180 11.0 ......
KansasClty...... 9,048,394 12.9
New Orleans... ... 6,7ii8,308 29.6 ...
L0ui5vi11e........-....:.. 4,276,557 ...... 1&8
Detroit . 6.127,345 10.3
Minneapolis....... 6,226,017 ...... 9.6
Cleveland...... .".... 5,496,817 ...... 10.4
•Providence. 4,129.800 ...... 10.2
MilwauKee ...-...."..— 3,724,834 11.2
I indlanaDOlia..... 3,167,799 27.9 .....
Buffalo 3,706,106 ...... 3.8
St. Paul.. .. . 3,637,845 4.9 ......
Omaha.... 3.622.567 8.3!......
Denver _ 1,5»36.754 28.7
Salt Lake..... 1,019,065 .;...., 16.5
Los Angeles... 787,792 30.1
Portland, Or 83M86 7.1
Tacoma 442,001 24.5
Seattle 52t3,704' ....;.* ......
Spokane 418.2a6 19.0 ......
Totals U. 5......... 8812,957,866 9.8
Outside of New York
City. - 362,307,112 ...... 103
■ DOMINION" OF CANADA.
M0ntrea1............'.... $9,609,619 ...... 10.6
Toronto.. 6,355.973 30.1 ......
Halifax ; .• 1.124,424 IK.B
Winnipeg....... 868,541 ...... 1*2.3
Hamilton _ 543,985 ...... 1.4
Totals 818,652,619 ...... ....;.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 21.— R. G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
Failures for the week have been 28 in the United
States, against 222 last year, and 47 in Canada,
against 43 last year. . :
Poll: leal events of the week had no . definite in
fluence I upon business prospects, for the phenom
enal variations in sterling exchange and the begin
ning of _ imports of ; gold, a! though > following 1 the
great meeting in Madison-square Garden on Tues
day, may be fairly I attributed to the accumulating
excess of - mercbandis • exports ■ over imports, to
which attention lias been repeatedly called.
--■' Ivxpor s from New York for the past two weeks
have been 20 per cent larger and Imports 21
per cent smaller than last year. The rapid move
ment of grain and the unusually early market for
cotton tends strongly to aid the banking s-yndicate,
which : has undertaken *-, to • regulate foreign ex
change. . .» •-"":■ . ■• ' - '
Withdrawals of money to the interior are rather
large and commercial loans are bard to place, and
this difficulty checks many new enterprises and
basin- ss . in many departments, i Bank > c.earings
are small for the week, 15 per: cent less than last
year ' Railroad earnings are not as good as might
be ected for the first half of August, exceeding
those of last year by only % per cent. .. '•,•■•
■ Specn'ation had , advanced wheat over lc during
the week, corn a small fraction- and 'cot ton a c,
the principal motive power being reports of injury
lo ■ growing crops. The > boot and shoe industry is
rapid ncarint: the end of past orders, excepting
in women's grain and buff shoes,' where there are
still I orders I for | some weeks to come, whi c others
are constantly received, but In other branches the
new business is light. : Prices' are a shade lower.'
Leather Is weaker, with a small demand," although
restricted supplies have caused a share of ad vane*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
ing in some kinds.' Hides at Chicago averaged
more than 3 per cent lower for the week, against
the fall in the \ past five weeks having averaeed
about 25 per cent. r • • :..'-. " ' •■ • •'.':■: -;•- -
1 The iron and steel manufacture has continued
depressed and Bessemer pig has sold at $10 40 at
Pittsburg, while southern No. 1 Is offers at prices
equivalent to $10 at ; New York, and 'nearly ail
finished products are being sod below the current
quo. at ions. There is rapid curtailment of pro
duction, but in spite, of this the supply of . finished
product appears to greatly exceed the ; demand
, for that. : The only bright spot is a sale of 9000
" tons of steel rails to Japan for refitting railways in
that country, which makes an aggregate of 46,000
tons exported during the year. ■ ■■■ >: , ■
i Nothing encouraging can yet be said regarding
the woolen manufacture, and the demand for
I goods, even at recent reductions, , is still disap
! pointingly small. A heavy auction sale of. cotton
goods brought prices which were counted quite en
couraging, and the current demand is fairly main- 1
tamed, although the mills are not inclined to make |
I large contracts for the future in view of the rise in
the raw material. In general the working force in j
the textile branches does not appear to have in- |
creased. - * ■ ■
NEW AUitK. STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. .
Money on call fairly active at 3@6¥; last loan at
4% and closing offered at 4%. Prime * mercantile
paper, 8@9%. Bar silver, G6%c. Mexican dollars,
6134@5y54c. Sterling Exchange easier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 84%@4 84% for 60
aays and $4 8534@* 80 tor demand. Posted
rates, $4 85@4 86%. Commercial bills, $4 tiSVi®
4 83%. Government bonds lower; ; State bonds
dull: railroad bonds weaker. Silver, at the board
was stronger.
CXOBINS STOCK*
Am Tel A Cable.. . . 78 Norfolk <ft Westrn. 7%
Atcblson lOVs Preferred......... 12
Preferred 11 Northern Pacific... 8%
Adams Express. ...l3s Preferred.... 16
Alton. Terre Haute 63 Northwestern 92%
American ExpressJOS Preferred.; 144%
AmerlcanToDacco. 06% N. Y. Central...... B)y±
Preferred 93 . N.Y.,Chlcago<fca.l* 9
BayStateGas...... 16 Ist preferred 6%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 ad preferred 24
1 Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.& N. H.......16484
! buffalo, Roch AP. 10% N. Y. A New Eng. 20
i Canada Pacific... 67 N. V., Susq & W... , 6%
i Canada Southern.. 47 Preferred. 17
i Canton Land....... 50% Ontario .';....'. 11%
1 Central Pacific : 13 ■ Ontario <fc Western : 11%
i Ches. & 0hi0....'... 12% Oregon Improvmnt %
I Chicago Alton. 160% - Preferred.........-— .
Preferred. ......170 Oregon Navigation 10
Chicago. B. & ft.... 6HS/ Oregon Short Line. 10
Cbicaso<fc E. 111... 37%: Pacific Mail...: 18s/ 8
Preferred .'... 90 I'eorla, D. & Evans 1%
ChlcagoGas.. 61% Plttsburg A W. pfd 16
Cleve'ct Pittsburgh 166 Pullman Pa1ace....139
--! Consolidation CoaL 31 Quicksilver......... 1%
i Consolidated Ga5. .140 I Preferred.. 15
C. C. C. A St. Louis 22V*IReading ........ 7
Preferred.....:... 72 rßloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 16% Preferred......... 40
Preferred 80 Hock 151 and........ 63%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 8% Rome WatAOgden.lo9
i Commercial Cable. 126 St. L. AS. W...... 8
I Dei. Hudson. 116% Preferred.. 7
Del. Lack& Westrn. St. Pau1............ 63%
Denver AR. Q 10 1 Preferred. 121%
Preferred 38%18t. Paul «fc Duluth. 20
Distillers — I Preferred......... 85
' General Electric. 231415t. Paul A Omaha. 34
! Erie ;....... 11% Preferred.. ....... 123
Preferred ..27 St. P. M. <fe M.....: 103
! Fort Wayne ; 146 Silver Certificates. 66%
1 Great Northern 106 Southern Pacific:.. 16
! Green 8ay.......... % Southern R. R 7%
Harlem. 294 Preferred......... 18%
; Hocking Coal Sugar Refinery .... 103%
i Hocking Valley.... 14 Preferred. 9tJ%
! Homestake. 34 Term. Coal A Iron. 16
H. & Texas Cent... i Preferred.:....... 90
I Illinois Central..... 86% Texas Pacific 514
I lowa Central 5% Tol.A.A.<fc N.Mich.— —
Preferreo. 22 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 20
, Kansas A Texas... 9% Preferred......... 60
! Preferred......... 20 Tol.St. Louis* 6
! Kingston & Pern... 8 Preferred 5
I Lake Erie A Westn 14 Onion Paclno 4%
Preferred. ".. 61% U. P. Den A Golf.- 1% I
Lake 5h0re.. ...... 140 U. 8. Cordage 3S/ 8
National Lead..... 17% Preferred. 6% I
Preferred......... 78% Guaranteed ...... 12%
Long 151 and........ 65 V. 8. Express 35
Louisville & Nash. 38 V* U. S. Leather. 0%
Louisville. Na&Ch 3 Preferred 44
Preferred 6% U. S. Rubber 15% |
Manhattan Con sol. 15% Preferred. 69
Memphis & Char is. 15 Utlca AB. : River.. 160
Mexican Central... 7 Wab. s. L, A Pac.. &3/
Michigan Central.. 85 Preferred 12% i
Minn&S.L. — ■ Wells-Fargo. .80 ,
Preferred . — • Western Union.... 73% |
Minn <fe St. L com. 11 Wisconsin Central. is/g
Ist preferred-.... 68 Wheeling &L. IS.. 6%
2dpreferred 34 Preferred. 20
Missouri Pacific... 16 Am Cotton OU pfd. 41
Mobile* 0hi0..... 16 W. V. 8eef....;.... 6
Nashville A Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 6
National Linseed.. 13 Preferred. .15
N. J. Central 91 3 Brooklyn Traction. 19
North American... 2% Erie 2d pfd,......- 16%
CO-OKI NQ bonds.
V B registered.. 104% MX T 2ds ....... 50
Do 48. coupon.... 106 Do 45...... 80
U 8 new, regstrdll2% Mutual Union «5.. .105
Do 4s, coupon .112% N J Cent Gen 55. ..11 l
Do 25............ 91 NortbernPaolsts.llo
D 055... 108% i .. D0 2d5..... ...... .105
. Lobs, coupon 108% I Do3ds .......;. 59%
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 130
Do 1887 ....;lOU ' Do deb 5s ....... 104%
Do 1898.. ........ 10J OR&N 15t5....... 105
Do 1899. ...... 100 StLAlronMtGen 6s 69
Pacific -is of '95.... St LA 8 F Gen 6s. 98 *
DC3-65s ...109V4St Paul Consols....
Ala Class A 45..... 100 St PCA Pa 15t5. ..110
Do Class B 4, 65.. 100 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 110
ILa Consol 45....... 90 Southern RR 55... 81
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsis. 76
N Carolina con 65.. 110 Texas Pacific 2ds. . ] 5
Do 4s 95 Union Pac lsts 96. 99
I Bo Carolina 4%5... 97% West Shore 4a..;. 102
I Tennnew3s 76 Mobile <Sc Ohio 45.. 69
V a funding debt... 64% R Grande West lsis 06
Do registered... Ches 4 Ohio 55.. ..102
Do deferred 65..., 5 Atcnlson 45........ 7iy*
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do A... ..;... 29%
Canada Sou th2ds.. 100 GH&SA6a. 101
Cen Pac lsta of '95.101 Do2d 75.......... 95
Den 4KB 15t..... 109% H 4 Tex Cent 65.. 102
D 045.............. 83 Doconßa... 102
Erie M 5 ............ 66 Reading 4s 70%
Kansas Pa Consols 65 Missouri tta. 100
Kb l'» ibis Den dl vlOß Alabama, * class C. 90
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL. Ens., Aug. 21.— spot market
is firm at As 4%d@Ss 5%d. Cargoes firmer at 26s
3d prompt shipment. ; -
FUTURES.
1 The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Aug
ust, 4s liy 4 d: September, 4s ll%d:. October, 4a
ll%d; November. ss; December, 5s Vid. .
securities. ;' : : [ 2-,-',
LONDON. Ens, Aug. 21.'— Consols. '113-%;
silver, 30 13-lHd; French Rentes. 102f 76c.
teiftt iyyBDBCDS>ii s ■ s • ■*■ ■ " '
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
j Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5........ ''_'.' 84 86
Sterling Exchange, eight..-....;..., _ ' 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight.'.: — ' nominal'
New York Exchange, telegraphic. : — nominal
Fine Silver. %1 0unce........;...;... — • 66%
Mexican Dollars .....;„... ....;..— 63%
PRODUCE MARKET.
■ *■•-.••■.' •)■ : — : — . ■ •
WHEAT AND OTHER .GRAINS.
WHEAT— Higher prices abroad have created an
1 improvement here and the demand ' s also better
! No. 1, 933,4(5(960 $ ctl ; choice, 9614 c; lower grades,
: 87%@92%c; extra choice for milling, $l@l 07%
j * cv. I : - ■ :•.■ . ;*■ -■ ...- ' - ,-■; ■ va
I CAM. BOARD BA-LKS. i . .* ■ '
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
: 4000 ctls, 966/gc: 2000, 963/ c; 26,000,97:: 28,000.
9Vy 8 c: 4000, t»7V4c. - • : . ;,
bKCOKD < Session— lo:ls o'clock— December—
I 30.000 ctls,' 97y*c; 12,000, 973/ . ..
I ■■■- RKoriiAß ' Morning session — December—
i 2000 ctls, 978/ 8 12.U00, 87% c. • ■ :
Aftkrnoox  Session— December— ctls.
97% c; 3^,oi>O,'9Sy 8 c; 40,000, 98c. May— 2ooo.
$1 028/,; 16,000, $1. 02%- - > -
BA'.i^EY— of 67,023 ctls Chevalier
valued at $57,846, to Cork. .•• '• -• •"■■•.";.
The market continues inactive, with still lower
prices for Feed. We quote. Feed, 67%®63»ic
; Brewing, 2 ®Boc * ctl; Chevalier, So@9oc for
Na l. •_. i ; - •.;- '.;-'...■:::■ .•;.'.. .-■
. , . . CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
j Second Session— lo:ls o'clock— No sales. I
Kkopi.ar Morning Session— No sales.
I Afternoon-- Session — December— 2ooo CU8 '
67% c; 2000, 68c. ■ "•
OATS - The old quotations still rule." New 1
Oats are quotable at 72V 2 @Boc: old milling, 85®
90c: iancy feed, 90@92%c; good to choice, 82%
i @90c; common to fair, 72%®77%c: Gray. 80« a
; »2y»c; surprise, 95c@$l oi:%. . ™
• COUN— The tendency is downward and sellers
make concessions. Large Yellow is quotable at
i 87V?@92y a c -I-, ctl: SmaU Bound do, 90@92%c %
ctl: White, 72%@76y 4 c. »w«i»»-w- p
RYE-Weakat 72y 3 c *$ ctl for old and 66c for
new. llTTtUWffi^ijni jTjTWMillrif "lpriimiJi iiyi|i
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal at 85@95c ?» cU.
FLOUR AND MIL.LSTUFFS.
; FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 ~f, bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@3 50; superfine, 82 75®3.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 19 50@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 Xi ton. w
MILLSTUFFS— prices in sacks are as follows.
usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour $2 10 •
Rye Flour, 8-' 60; Rice Flour. 76; Cornmeal'
82 10; eztracream do, $2 75: Oatmeal, $2 90: Oat
Groats, $3 50: Hominy, 83 10@3 30: Buckwheat
Flour. 83 10@3 30; Cracked Wheat. 82 76; Fa
rina, $3 60: Whole Wheat Flour, 82 30; Rolled
Oats, $3 50; Pearl Barley, $3 50; Split Peas, $3 20:
Green do, $4 10 ft 100 tos. ■
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
- BRAN-sl2 50@13 for the best and $11 50512
9 ton for outside ; brands. '
:-i : MIDDLINGS— 815@16 ; » ■ ton for lower grades
and $ 17@18"# ton for the best. >-v
FE DSTUFFs — Holled Barley, 1 $14 60: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, *21 * ton; jobbing $22:
clipped Oats. 97%c@$l 06 * ctl. ■■' ; -*.- .. ; : : ,
HAY— No change 10 report. :: Wheat quota bio at
87@10 ft ton; Wheat and Oat, $6 So@9; Oat. 85®
7; Barley, $6@7;Kiver Barley. $4 50@5: Alfalfa,
$5 60@6 50 for second and 84 60©5 tor first cut
tins: - compressed, 86@9; ' stock, $4@5; Clover,
$5 50(si7 60. • ;: ■ • :--.-- ' •'
r STKAW-30@40c $ bale. -
BEANS AND '■; SEEDS. :-- '
*. BEANS-Bayos, V ctl; . Small Whites,
fl®l 10 9 ctl: Pea, $I@H2O * ctl; Large Whites,
90c@Sl : 9 ctl; ; Fink, - 6&&75 c « cU; Reds, «1©
1 15: Blackeve, $1 15@1 40: Red Kidney,' nomi
nal; Limas, $2@2 35; Butters, $I@l 26. .
■ SEEDS-Brown Mustard. • SI 60@l 75 V ctl;
Trieste, 82 25®2 75 IS ctl: Yellow Mustard. 81 60
@1 76; Flaxrsi 60; Canary, 2i.4@2s/ A c V tb;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rupe. 2V 3 c *, fit: Hemp, B%c.
DRIKD as-$i io@i 40 *cU for Nlles ana
•1 25®1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
.POTATOES— No material change.. Sweet Pota
toes, l%@2c $ ft,- Garnet | Chiles, 55®65c * ctl:
Early Lose, 25@S5c- Burbank . Seedlings, 25@40c
for Rivers and 76(a90c for Salinas. '..-• - --
ONIONS-Quoted at 30@37%c: > Pickles, !u 60@
60c •# ctl. .-,■■;■: .._■■
VEGETABLES— Stocks of Tomatoes are lighter
and the market Is * firmer. Marrowfat Squash is
quotable at $8(3)10 a ton; Green Corn. 2." @65c
■» sack Alameda I Corn,sl®l 50 * crate: Ber
ley Corn, 75c@$l "a box; ■ Summer Squash, 16 i
@25c for Bay; E kß Plant, '-'s@4oc: Tomatoes, 15®
30c for Rivers and 25®35c for Bay: Alameda Cu
cumbers, 15@25c ■» box; Pickles, l@l%c * for
No. 1 and 40®50c%t ctl for No. a; Green Peppers, 25
@35c ft large box for Chile and 25@30c for Bell;
Green Peas, 50c 38 sack for common and 2@2V 3 c
•91b for Garden: String Beans, 40@50c Ifl sack for
common and 2@2%c « ib for garden; Llmas, 2®
2%c: Green OkraT4o@7sc * bx; Cabbage.- 40c *
ctl; Carrots, 25®30c 1* sack; Garlic, %@2c * to.
POULTKY AND GAME.
POULTRy— No change to : report.: Live Tur
keys quotable at 13®14cfor Gobblers, 12@13c for
Hens: young Turkeys, 1 6@1 8c: Geese. %* pair, $1
1 25; Goslln?s, $1 25(5l 50; Ducks, 82 50®3 * doz
for old and $2 50@4 for young: Hens. $3 50@4 60:
Roosters, young $4(3)5 • do, old. $4@4 oO: Fryers,
$3@3 50 $ dozen; Broilers, *2 60@3 for large and
$1 50®2 fot small: Pigeons, $1 60 %> dozen for
young and old. ;
Nominal. . •. •
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— There is less weakness and the mar
ket seems to be working into better shape. . - -
Cbeamkry— Fancy, 18@19c; seconds, 17@17%c
V Id- '.■-.., -
Dairy— 17@17%c * n>: good to choice,
16%@16%c: lower grades, 13@16c. - '
Pickled— ie@l7c %t ft. ' , '
FIRKIN-14@15c » It*.
I CHEESE— aw 1 unchanged. Fancy mild
new, B%@9c *& ib; common to good, 6%®Sc;
Cream Cheddar, 10@llc: Young America, 9@loc;
\Vfestern, 10@llc; Eastern. ll@l3c'ii ».*>;•-: ...
EGGS— Prices are no higher, but stocks are mov
ing off well 1 and the market has a better appear
ance. „ Oregon are quotable at 13® 14c 3£ dozen:
Eastern, 14@15c V dozen; store Eggs, 12@14c for
ordinary and 16@16c for good; ranch Eggs, 18®
21c; Duck Eggs, 16@17c * doz
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Receipts are lighter and the . market is in much
better shape. - Peaches have advanced. Nectarines
and Crabapples are scarce and Wanted.. Pears and
Plums are still dull. U$ « • •$1
Quinces, 40@50c box.
Red Nectarines, «o®76c: White. <& box.
Reaches, 20@50c %i box, 20@40c ft basket; $15
©20 *$ ton for frees and $17 r>o®2s for clings.
Plums, 15@30c 1? box and 36@50c "t* crate;
White In bulk, $10@12 ft ton; Japanese Plums, 20
@40c: Prunes, 35@40c It box.
Apples, 7 sc@sl $ box for choice and;4o@6oc
for common. - •
' Crabapples, 40@60c ft box.
Pears, 20(3400 9 box; Bartletts, 15© 40 c 9 box
and $7 60@10 ft ton.
Figs, 25®50c ft box for white and 40@75c for
black, double layers. ...*.... .
BERRlES— Raspberries are cheaper.
Strawberries, $3@4 it chest for Longworths and
$2@3 for large berries. "
Raspberries, $2 50@4 it chest.
- Blackberries. $2@3 50 it chest.
Huckleberries, 7c ft lb.
GRAPES— stocks are much heavier and the
market is weaker in consequence. Seedless, 40® j
50c $ box; Isabellas, $2@2 25 %* crate; Tokays.
60@tS5c "a box and 75@85c crate; Black Grapes, I
40060 cit box and 65c ft crate: Muscats, 1 40@60c j
3j* box and 60@65c %* crate: Sweet waters and Fon
talnebleaux, 25@50c *$ box and 40@60c 9 crate.
MKLOXS— Not much change. . Watermelons, 84
@12 60% 100: Cantaloupes, 40c@$l 25 crate;
Nutmegs, -Jo@soc it box. ,
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges are quotable at $2
@3 for Valeuclas and $1 50®2 it bx for Mediterra
nean Sweets: Lemons, $I@2 '$ box for. common
and $2 So@3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$5 60@6 V- box: California Limes, 75c(&$l 50: Ba
nanas, 81®2 %4 bunch; Pineapples, $2@3 50 *?> doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Whatever feeling there is is steadier, but trade
continues at a standstill. Apricots are firm. -
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Cabload iiOTS— New Apricots, 6@6V^c In sweat
box, 6@7c TH lh f. o. b. coast and B@9c ; for . fancy
MoorparKs. Old Prunes, 8c; new Prunes, 314®
3%c; new Peaches, 3%c ft Ib in the sweat-box and
4@4%c f. a b. coast.
JOBBiNe Pricks— Peaches, 4%®5c; new
Apricots, sy^@63^c: old evaporated Apples, 4%c
ft Ib: old Prunes, 3c for four sizes; new Figs, black,
2%@3c for unpressed and 3@3%c for pressed:
Plums, 3%@4c for pitted and l@l%c for un pit
tea: new Nectarines, 4@sc "$ ft, for prime to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots. f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, 3%@4c: 3-crown,
loose, 3V*c; 2-crown, 23/ic •$ Ib: seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, r%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c ft hex; clusters, $1 36@1 50: Dehesaclus
ters, 82 10®2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75.
. Jobbing — Four-crown. ■ loose, 41/ i.c: 3
crown, 334 c; 2-crown, * 38/ eft lb. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c it Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: : clusters, $1 50®l 75;
Deb clusters.' 82 60: Imperial clusters. 82 75.
NUTS — Quotations are as ' follows: Wainuts,
nominal; new Almonds, 7c ft Ib for Languedoc,
it lb for hardshell and9@loc 1* Ib for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@6%c it lb for Eastern
and for California; Hickory Nuts, s@6c it tb:
Pecans, 7%®Bc: Filberts, 7 %@Bc: Brazil Nuts,
7V 2 ®Bc -»» Ib; Cocoanuts, 84@5 ¥ 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12i/2C for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6®6%c;
light amber extracted, 4%@4%c: dark amber, 46}
41/40; dark, 2@3c^lb. '
BEKSWAX-25®27%c it ft.
PROVISIONS.
CT7RED ME ATS— Bacon :Is quotable at 6%0
for heavy, 7%c %>, ft for light medium. . 9@9%c
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern Su^ar-cured Hams, 12®12%c:
California Hams,' jU@llc ft m: Mess Beef,. $7
@8; extra mess do, $8; family do, $10; • extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear, ¥13 it bbl;
mess. $11 50@12 "c bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c $ ft.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 4\4c %'. ft
- for compound and s Vic for pure; palls, tic it ft;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6%c for
pure: half-bbls, 6*40; 10-lb tins, 6V4C: do 6-tb,
6y citft. "
COTTOLENE— 6VfI@6%c in half-bbls and es^-a
7VBC »n> in 10-ft tins. '
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
.HIDES AND SKlNS— Prices have undergone
another genera Idecline. Heavy salted steers are
quotable at ec ft Ib; culls and brands, 5®5%c it
tb;. medium, 6c; culls and brands, 4@4%c: light,
4c: culls and brand*, 3@3%c: Cow-hides, 4®4%c;
culls and brands, 3®4c; salted Kip, 4c; salted Calf,
6c it Ib; sailed Veal, sc: dry Hides, 9@9%c; culls
and brands, 7c: dry Kip and Veal, 7@Bc; culls.
6c; dry Calf. 12®14c; culls, B®9c; Goatskins, 20®
35c each; Kids, 6c; I Deerskins, good summer, 25®
27% c: medium. 15®2*<%c; winter, 7@loc: sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@16c each; short wool, 20®
36c each: medium," 40® 50c each: ion;,' wools, 60
@60c each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 2%@3c;> No., 2,
2V*c: refined; 43/;®6c: Grease. 2c * ft.
•WOOL— Humboldt and Mendocino Quotable at
10®llc it Ib; Valley Oregon, 10@llc; do lower
grades, 8@10c; Nevada, 6®B%c: San Joaquln and
Southern coast, six months, 4®6c: San Joaquin,
foothill, good to choice, 6%@7%c; San Joaquin,
year's fleece, 4®5%c; northern free, 7®9c; do de
fective. 6@6y 2 cit ft. : _■•■■• '.■■■■;■. ■-• '
HOPS-Noniioal at 2@4c » Ib for 1896 and 60
for 1806. •:■ ■■■'■ : : •'.
, GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, weak at $4 20
©1 25: San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24 Vis®
26V2C. - P ?" ; . . .-'.'■ ■. r
COAL— Wellington, 88 9 ton: New Wellington,
$8 it ton: South field Wellington, : $7 50 V ton;
Seattle, $o@s 00 : Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, :84 60;
Wallsend,- $7: scotch. $7 50; ■ Brvmbo.-$7 50;
Cumberland, $13 50 $ ton in bulk and 815 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg?,' sll it ton: Welsh
Anthracite, 89; Cannel., $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant 1 Valley. -$7 60; - Cone,
$ll@la in bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.i ■•" .. n
Kl< E-Chinese mixed, $3 05@3 SOl No. 1, 83 90 I
®4 V. cil; extra No. 1, $4 @4 40; Hawaiian, j
•8 60@3 62V 2 ; Japan. 83 86@i 26; Rangoon, in
100- Ib baes, $3 10. . , . ■ : ° '
SUGAR— Western sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, s %c;
Powdered, 63/ sC: . Fine Crushed, 6V 8 c; Dry Grauu-
Jated, 4*40; Confectioners' A. 4%c; Magnolia A,
48/ 8 c; Extra c, 41,4 c; Golden C,4y 8 c: half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices remain undisturbed. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
-BEEF— First quality, 4%@5c; second do, 4®
414 c; third do. 3%c %4 ft. - -. ' - - .. ■■••' --T.
VEAL-Large, 4®6c; small, 6@6c ft ft. .
MUTTON - Wethers, 4y a @sc; Ewe* 4@4%c
. V Ib. ' ■";■'■- -' ■' ■'■■■■■ ,-- "•■ -' ■ ■■■ ' ' ■;■ J
LAMB— s@6c 9lb :■'■ ■>■'• . - -:}'■. ■• :'-* ■ ■
' PORK-Live Hogs, 3c « t Ib for large and Byic
for small and medium: dressed do, 4J4@6y4C %i ax
, RECEIPTS OF PItODUCJS.
■*"•■-' * FOR 24 HOtTRS. ';"■ ;■ : ■
Flour. qr sks .... 28.0?0 Eggs. d0z........ 6,870
\\heat,ctls...... 8,675 Hides, n0........: - 906
Barley, ctls ..... 71,316 Pelts, bd15....;.. "3,922
Oats, ct15.....;.. 96.'- Wine, ga15....;.., 60,750
Beans, 5k5.:..... 1,290 Leather, r0115.... 133
Potatoes, sks.... ,4,008 Wool, bi5:....... \ 60
Onions, 5k5...... .360 -0reg0n.....:.... 4
Bran, 5k5..;.;:.. I,loo Quicksilver, Halts 60
Middlings, sks... - 60 Lime, bbls.... 1 ... ' ; - ; hi
Hay, tons... 744 Lumber. M feet- ' 35
Straw, t0n5...... st- Sugar, bb15.;.... r: 8,425
Butter, ct15....... 100 Tallow, ' '25
Cheese, ct15...... .89' ;-■ ■
FAMILY RETAIL 'MARKET.
:-. There are very few quotations this week~ Dairy
produce, Meats and ■ Poultry ; sell 'at last week's
prices. J": ,7. :';•', j "'■'*:.;,:" :";./;,- ::.. ■ , '.'.'■■' ■',"■■ '.'/'■.,' '
Fruits and Vegetables are about as they have
been, although the ,-lut in Fruit is about over. ,!'i -
oiiowmg is TH Call ' B regular weekly retail
price list: * . i. . .•' - ' '-
-■':'- ' i OOAL—PKB TOJT. ■ - -
V* 11 " 61 , -@ 960 Pleasant Val ' 9 60910 00
Welllneton. : _@io 00 Southfield ;;
New Wei- -'.-i *, Wellington' — ® =9 50
■■< lington.... — @io 00 Scotch ...■- — <S s9 50
Seattle ..-;.. i 7 oo@ = 7 501 Coos Bay... ' 650® ' —
Cutle Gate. 9 60®10 00 ,
*■ * -."2 . DAIRY PRODUCT!, , ETC. . r .
Butter, fancy, 'fy '■'.''■ '<"■ I Cheese, Eastern... 16@20
square 40ra45 Cheese, Swiss... .20(230
do, -""3 r011. ...... .87ftf140 Common Eggs
' do. choice.- — (<S3S RanchK«rgslfidz...2sftd —
Ordlnaryao..-...-... —©SO Honey.comb, *"^lb.l2(q>ls
Cheese, cai....:...10@12 do, extracted.... B®l2
. . . MEATS — PKB POUNP. ■'. :
Bacon . . ............12®17 1 Pork, fresh ...... 12@15
Beef, ch0ice...... .12@15 Pork, salt-... 10@12
, do, good ..;... Sfa>lo| Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef..:.'.;. B@— | Round Steak:.;...' B@lo
Ham, Ca1......:.12y2@15 Sirloin Steak .7. 12%© —
do, Eastern. 15(ajt>0 Porterhouse, do. . 17@20
Lard ........ .....12fa)15 Smoked 8eef....".. — @15
Mutton .:.. B(3>lC Pork Sausages. ... — <jji2o
Lamb.-..'.:.;.-.;.;..10@— yea1.....:;........10@16
. ' '' POULTRY AND GAMIE.
Hens, each..... 60 Turkeys, * B>.. 15® 20
■ Young : 1 Roost- . - -I < ; Ducks, each... ■ 350 60
. ers, eacn...v. 1 50® 60 Geese, each.... 75(^100
Old Roosters, •' Pigeons, $ pr.. 40@ 50
each:..../....; 60® 60 ' Rabbits, * pr.. 85® 40
Fryers, each... 40(§) 5'- Hare, each..... . 16® 20
Broilers, each.. 25® 351 ; ; ;
i /-.i/t V' ,' FRUITS ANT) .NUTS. ■..••.
Almonds, V 1b.... .12(315 Oranges, ft ...1B(S!35
Apples. 1b. .;.... 4(§) 5 Pears, ii-1b. ....... 4& 5
Bananas, $ doz... 15@20 Peaches, %i tb 4(<z> 6
Blackberries, drwr2o@2s Plums, f> fb:::.... 4® 5
Cantaloupes, each.lO@ls Raisins, $ lb.. 6®15
Cocoanuts, each... Raspberries. drwr.26@3s
Figs. * 1b.......... Straw oerrles, v; ■- -
Grapes, •$ ft..:.... 4@ 6 ifj drawer........ 20@35
Lemons, * d0z.... 25@30 Walnuts, * Ib 16@ —
Limes, f* d0z...... 15® — j Watermelons, echlO@2O
Nectarines, %i 1b... 6@ 8 * .•
l'/;:^../};., '._,"' VEGKTABLRS. . ... i :
Asparagus, $! tb.«lo@l s Lentils, ft Ib ...... 6@ 8
Artichokes.^doz.. 40 Lettuce, ~$ d0z....15®20
Beets, ■$ d0z.......12®15Mr I fatSqua3h.fl It 6@lo
Beans, white fitt>.2%® 5 Green Okra, f> tt>.. 6® 8
Colored. » 1b.. .2%® 6 Onions, $ Ib . .". .". . 4@ f>
Lima, f* & "... 4® 6 Peppers, green, 6® 8
Cabbage, each..*...: 6®lo Parsnips, ft ...15(5&2O
Cauliflowers, each. 6(2; 8 Potatoes, ft tt>.."... ' 2(5 3
Celery, $t bunch... 5® — ! Radishes. 10@l 2
Cree3.^dzbunchs.2o-&26 Sage, I* 1b..........26@35
Cucumber, %i doz. B®} OSruer squash, V !b 4® 5
Eke: Plant, %» 1b... f>ufl 8 String Beans, V fit. 4 (a) »
Garlic, ft n>....:...6<a — Thyme, "9, Ib 20@30
Green Peas, 9 lb.. 4® o Turnips, 1* d0z. ...15(a)20
Green Corn, % dozlb®3O Tomatoes, V Ib-... 3® 6
FISH— PER POUND.
Barracuda.. . .„.;.. 10®12 Shad..-. ....../..... — ® —
Carp...;..'. — @ — Sea Bass., ...;.....■ B®lo
C0dfi5h:............ ©16 Smelts....:.-...... IB® —
Flounders :...10(Ja — 501e5... ............ 10®12
Ha1ibut.'.......;... 7® B,Skates. each 10@12
Herring.;..; — @—isturgeon... ...... — ® —
Kiugflsn .-..'.*.„.-... — (a) — iT0mc0a.":;.*.. .;.... 12® —
Mackerel 10®12iClams, f> ga1.....:. @15
■■ do, Horse... 10@ - Do. hardshell, V '
Perch.'......-...... 10®—: 100.. ............ 60® —
Pompano . ... . . ... . 85<a60 Crabs, each ... . . . . ; 12@15
R0ckf15h. .....;.... 10® — Do. so ft shell, 91 dz. 256835
Salmon, smoked. ..20® — Mussels, "$ qrt 10@15
Salmon, fresh . .*. 12®3 5 Oysters, Cal,s 100.40® —
5hrimp5.......:.:.. 8(g)10iDo, Eastern, $dz.26(g>4o
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Bodies were very firm yesterday, as will be
seen by the advanced quotations. The Comstocks
also sole" up a little in the morning, but fell back
considerably in the ■ afternoon. The close t was
weak.
At the annual meeting of the Alta the old direc
tors and officers were elected as follows: John
Landers, president: H. Zadig, vice-president; G.
C. Snieder, W. Mcßoyle and Werner Stauf. direc
tors; E. D.Boyle, superintendent; J. E. Jacobus,
secretary, and Nevada Bank, treasurer. ' The com
pany has $3450 in Its treasury, with all obligations
paid in I full to date. | Superintendent Boyle's an
nual report shows that much work - has been done
during the pact ; year, and locations . of very im
portant mining ground east of the Alta were re
cently made and < deeded to the company. Two
months J ago an : east drift was ' started from
the 725 level of the Alta shaft to prospect the Alia
vein, which lies about 160 feet east at . that depth.
Superintendent Boyle hopes to cut the vein in ten
or twelve days
The Bullion-Beck and Champion mine of Utah
paid a dividend of f 15,000 on the 6th, making
1*125,000 this year, and *52.075,000 to date.
The Galena mine of . Utah paid a dividend of
$5000 on the 10th, making $25,000 this year and
$45,000 to date. .
1 he Gold Coins mine of Colorado paid a dividend
of $20,000 on the 10th, making $60,000 this year
and $80,000 to date. :
The Homestake dividend of $31,250. to be paid
on the 25th, will make $251,000 this year and
$5,962,500 to that date.
. The Isabella mine of Colorado will pay a divi
dend of $23,500 on the 25th, making $157,&00 this
year and $180,000 In all. '
: The Mammoth mine of Utah paid a dividend of
$20,000 on the Ist, maKing 81,090,000 to date. ..-.-
The Ontario mine of Utah has declared a divi
dend of 10 cents per share, or $15,000, payable on
the 31st. This will . make $120,000 for the year
and $13,295,000 since the start.
The Silver King mine of Utah paid a dividend of
$37,500 on the 7th, making $300,000 this year
and $760,000 to date.
The Slocan Star mine will pay Its second divi
dend of $100,000 on September 1.
The Utah mine of Utah paid a dividend of $2000
on the 10th, making $17,000 this year and $149,
--600 to date. . ■ ■■
BOARD SALES.
: Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday; :: ;,. ...;.,/ .■■.;,. .:.-■
REGULAR MORNING SESSION, COMMF.NCINO} 9:30.
ISO Andes... 30 500 8u11i0n... .09] 60 0ccidt1....65
100 Belcher. ..281 50CCAV..1.95 100 5av........67
200 B A 8... 1.15 400 ;...... 2.00 50 SNv ...—44
800 :......... 1.20 100 Mxcn.....65 700 V Jackt...36
200 Bodie «2 :
.. AFTEBSOOS SESSION— 2:3O.
600 Alnha ... 061200 CC*V... 1.85100 Mxcn.....65
200 Andes 31 500 C Imp ....O-'.IOO Occld 56
150 81cher....25 250 Conn 86 200 0ph1r.....9S
750 8AR...1.10;300 C Point. ..26 200 Savac ...53
200 1.05 500 ti&C...... 66-100 s Nev....44
200 80die.....65 .......... 57 1 ') Byndcate.O3
300 8u11i0n... .07 200 HAN . .1.2&! oO x J«0Jt«i...34
200 Ch0ir. ..1.96 I
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
; REGULAR SESSION— IO:3O. .
300 Alpha:.... 07 200 CCV .1.97V 2 350 Occd 57
400 A1ta....... 08 400 2.00 200 .......... .55
800 Andes 32 400 .....r. .1.95 1200 0ph1r..1.00
300 .....V......31-200 ........ 1.90 600 : .V..-. 1.021/
--"200 Belcner...2B 1000 Con 1m..01 450 ..........1.05
800 b <fcis...i.io 1000 v.r...:...02 200 ...99
300 ...........iy 8 400 C V.....03 1200 ..........98
800 1.17% 400 CrwnPt...27 200 0vrmn....15
200 .........1.16 400 Exchqr....o3 300 Potosi 93
400 ......;.. 1.10 600 U&C. 400 ...........91
100 80d1e.....60 200. ..:..... 67 300 ............90
100 ............66 300 .. ■......;. 55 500 8av.......65
200 ...........70 150 HAN 1.27% 500 Scorplon..os
300 8u11i0n... 08 100 ....... 1.25 200 S 8AM.. .1n
300 ............09 50 Ju1ia...... .06 300 8KT......47
500 8u1wer... . 40 300 Justice. ...05 300 ....45
200 Caleda.. ..12 500 Kentck....o« 400 ...... .....44
400 Cnalng...SSi 300 L Wash... o4 10U0 Sil Hi 11. .02
200......... ....37 400 Mexn 66 800 Union C...40
600 Choir... lo 500 .:....^....57 200 ............. 38
700 ...... 2.05 900 55 300 Utah 08
100 2.00 500 M0n0. ....21 550 X Jac*«l..!ss
150 C0nn...... 90
. ' ' -■' . ' AFTKRNOOX SESSIOX— :30.
200 Alpha.. .-06 450 Ch0ir... 2.00600 0ph!r.....98
300 Alta. OS 100 ...... 1.97% 300 ...... ...;..98
100 Andes.... 80 600 .. ...... 1.95 250 Overman 14
200 Belcher ..25 60 Conli . . . . 87 600 Potosi 90
4 10 8A8. ...1.10 .50...... ......80 300 ;..... .....88
200 1.07% 1000 Con Im. 01 500 Save..... 54
200 ....... .1.00 1000 .. ..:..;. .02 100 .. ....-:.: 62
200 Bodle.-.. 68 300 C P0int»..26 200 ..".:.. .....51
200 ...... .....ttti 300 U&C... . 66 700 Scorpion..o6
200 ■.:..........69 300 ............54 200 58A81....09
300 8u11i0n. ..08 100 H<ttJNl.22% 300 5NV......43
100 8u1wer...39 200 Julia 07,200 .*.«.".....:. 42
100 .....36 300 iHex...:«.551200 Uni0n..... 39
600 Cha11ge...35 500 ...... .....64|60U V Jckt....34
300 CCV. ...1.85 100 Mono ...20 200 ...........83
400 ....:.....iy 8 2000ccd......64|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. August 21-4 p., t.
■ ■ £id.Atked. '■ -' . -■>»": JIM. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 06 07 Jackson 25 —
Alta. 07 08 Ju1ia......;  — 08
Ande5.......... 30 81 Justice. 04 06
Belcher 24 25 Keuluck....... 04 05
Best A Belcher 1.05 1.10 Lady Wash.... — 04
Benton Con 10 . —Mexican , 54 65
80die... .:..... 69 —Mono .......... 20 ;.- —
8u11i0n........ 07 08 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. ... 85 — Occidental..... '-' 55 56
Caledonia. 10 11 Ophir .'.:.;.... 97 98
Chollar ........ 1.90 2.00 Overman...... 13 15
Con. Cal AVa... 1.85 I.9olPotosl ....... 87 89
Challenge Con. 85 " 37 5avage......... 51 62
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Scorpion...;... ■— : 08
Confidence.... .85 *90 Seg. Belcher...* 09 10
Con New York :04 —Syndicate ..... — 04
Crown Point... 28 27 silver Hi 11.... — 03
EnstSlerra Nev — 04 Sierra Nevada. 42 . . 43
Eureka Con... 25 — Union C0n..'...* 37 40
Excbeauer .... 03 04 Utah..*......... 06 '08
Goula & Curry. 54 55 Yellow Jack-**. :33 34
Hale diNorcrs. 1.25 1.30
■ GOLD illMNti .EXCHANGE. ;
Champion Asked Princess 70
8id:.....'........'.... 20 00 .Savannah......
Asked 25 00 A5ked......... 49
1 ..Edna:. ......... 400 Sebasiopol...... 36
Asked..:;.. ;S5 100 :..V........ 36
- "Grant.....-;...... '■ Thorpe ..........
Bid .-.-:........;..-... so 8id;:..::...;....:... 50
A5ked.......... ..... 40 A5ked...: ........... : 80
Keystone. . ..... . • .WO Best A Belcher 120
81d:.V... ;;.;.. :....: 65 00 250 80die....... 66
. .Kennedy....... '-'00 ....:...;.'......„: 67
Bid .-..:.. .............9 100 Con Virginia... 200
A5ked...............; 9 60 100 Hale A Norcrs. 125
100 Lockwood Con.. 29 150 Occidental 56
100 .................. . 30 200 Savage:.......- 64
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. FRIDAY. Aug. 21-2 p. it
UNITED STATES BONDS.
- . Bid. 'Asked. '; ';■> v . Bid. Asked.
U8 45 c0up.. 105 —,; US4areg... — 107*54
Do new tssuell2%ll3% • - ■
. : : MISCELLANEOUS POVTy*. •
Cal-stCbleSs.V — >.Hl'- Pacßoll — _
Cal Elec L6s ; — 119 -: Co 2d Is 6j. . _ _
CntraCWss — 95 P*ORy6s.' — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp — 98 P&Ch Ry6s. — ' 107Vj
EdsnL4P6s — ÜB% Pwl-st RR6.I. — 116%
F&CHKR63. — 106% Reno, WlAIi — '■'-:. 105
Geary-stRSs. *, — 107% Sacto PAL. — ' 102%
LosAng Lds. — 99 si- AN PR ss. — '98
DoGateedas — - 100- BPRRArI-e 7 — '.-.. '•■—'■.'■
Mkt-stCbleßs • — ' 121 SPRRCaI 6s. j —"■■ 110%
DoßyConsr..lo2B/i . — SPRRCaI ss. i — —
NatVln6s Ist 96 s . — s sl'BrßCalS* — . 991 A
NevCNgß7s. I*6 105 SVWater6s..llß 119
NP C RR6s. — 108 - SV\Vater4s.. — 98
NRyCal6s. ': —. : 100% StktnGifeE 64 — 100
IS Ry Calss. — 100 •; SunstTATßs. — —
Oak Gas 55.. 102 -\.: : , - ;.. Suiter-stßss. ' — HI
Lo2d is 6a..10iy 2 10ft34 VlsailaWC«>4 — . —
Oniuibus on. 116 118 ' ' ;'...■>:
4 ../;':;,.:::■-. :/ WATKR BTOCTCI. ■* ■ ' '
Contra Costa — "40 (San Jose. .-. —•' _ -
Maria Co. ,„ 60 , .— laprnx Vallar 8444 95 '
.'•.'■• STOCKS.
Capital....,,, 17% 30 [Pacific Liaht — 491,4
Central.. .. 95 — San Francsco • 84% 86
OakOLAH 605/8 51%' Stockton..... — . iiO
Pac Uaaimp. 80% »2%j
:.'.':: JKSI.-RAJ.CE STOCKS.
Fireman'sFdlßO 169 |5nn. ....... ..25 50
' COMHEKCI BANK STOCK!
AmerBATC. _ — LondonPAA.l33 126%
] Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 LondonASF. — 27%
| BankofCal.. — 234 . ■ Merch Ex... 13 —
Cal 8 D&TCo , — 120 Nevada. ..... — ■ —
: FlrstNationl. ',;—.' lbO ' SatherßCo. -*""' —
. : . '■'. PAVIKGS BANK STOCKS.
I OerS&LCo.l2so ' — . ISavALoan. — 100 '
numb 100 1450 Security .235 276
Mutual ..... — ;. 40 Union Trust.7so . ". — -
. BFSayUnlon — 480
STREET BAItBOADBTOCK*
California.... — 108 Oak SLAHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 55 . Presidio 7 —
Market-su... »0% — - Sutter-5t,...,. — —
POWDER STOCKS. T
Atlantic D... 15 — ■ ■jGiantCon.... 16% —
■ Eastern D... 70 — JudsonD.... , — —
California.... 70 .. — . Ivigorit. — 90c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 92 NatVlnCo.. — ■'■'"— V\
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic — 20
Cal Cot Mills — — Pac Aux A I —
Edison Light 108 y a 109i4 PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill , — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 ' 100 Part PalntCo 6% 7%
HawCASCa. 14% 15 PacTrausCo. — 24 .
xiutchSPCo 18^«. 19 Pac TAT Co. 70 80
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -
M Elec Light — 484 United C Co. — 25
BALKS— UO K.M-S* ntBIO.I.
Board— .
10 Market-st Railway 40 62%
10 8 V Water 95 00
■ BALKS— AXTKKKOOX SXMIOX.
-Street— .-•': ■
75 Edison Light & Power Co. ......... 108 75
40 Market-st Rai1way........... 40 62%
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H A Bell. Sacto W H Martin.NevadaCity
J E Pringdestre.NevCity J Reynolds. San Jose
Miss White, Honolulu Miss Cottrell, Honolulu
G L Samuel, NY G Malnhart.Grass Valley
!F« English, Kedondo J Rock, Niles
IJ G Sinclair. Nashville E E Harlow, Stockton
j E R 9 hunk, Sacto W H Currand, Cal
IF A Boole, Red Bluff W H Davis, Cal
I Mrs 11 F Taylor. Napa J A Andrews, Los Anr
Mrs L F, Doati, Los Ang L Gedach A w. Stocktou
O F Atwood, Stockton J T Aldrich. Chicago
Mrs Aldrich, Chicago Miss E Aldrich, Chicago
I Miss M Aldrich, Chicago Master Aldrich. Chicago
i Mrs L P St Clair, Cal G H Thomas. Detroit
E H Griggs, Stanford J E Rigard, Paris
M Frauchaset. P«*ris W Mullanney, Sacto
Mrs I M Lozelle, Valiejo Mrs W J skinner, Vallejo
H A Heilbron, sacto F E Holder, Hanford
N E Bunker, Newman Mrs E W Drysdale, Cal
Miss Z A Duel, Oroville F J Leggart, Stanford Un
A P Merritt A w, Cal G A Beam A w, Cal
F Nassanuk, Ohio F X Harris. Ashland
J C Hall, Rediands Mrs J Bethell, Sacto
Mrs E Feeney, sacto Mrs J Wittinger, Napa
J Ross Jr, Petaluma J R Patton. SaD Jose
J Johnston, Santa Cms G V Vandever, Tulare
E Swinford, Co'.usa J H Trayner, Marysville
F D Clark, Marysville
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R H Whlpple, Los Ang T H Jackson, Wash
A F Fraser. Eureka H McCutcheon. Eureka
8 Kowe, Walla Walla F R Cnrch, Selma
H Bristol, Stockton W W Fodian, Ark
W Feneen. Ark J Ramsch, Modesto
W Ramsch, Modesto J Quill, U S N
B L Fisher, Ala J Jones, 'Boston
J D Boyd, Boston A N Brown. Tacoma
J E Eddy, Tacoma' C Devine A w, Seattle
W Henderson, Tacoma G L Parsons, Seattle
A Arnold, Seattle H Donovan, Stlllwaier
G L Smith, Seattle J Beamish, Modesto
W V Ranch, Modesto H Rhodes, Stockton
H Smith, Point Reyes B Burton, Los Ang
W R McDonald, Los An G E Lindo, Los Ang
L A Lindo, Los Ang J P Barlow, Stockton
W J Anderson, Stockton G E Finke, Sunol
J F Carroll, Su-nol
PALACE HOTEL.
Frederick Thomas, Dnvr Reginald Thomas, Denvr
Robt Davenport Aw. Eng E Davenport, England
: Mrs I A Kennedy A son, H 8 Duke, Salt Lake
England J B Walker, Salt Lake
I M Small, Woodland Francis Boughter, U S N
I F Schneider, Stanford H S Porter, Los Angeles
I C P Bragg, HSN C Black A w.Birmingham
MCi Eshman, Los Ang E H Schell Aw, N V
Mrs R Morrow A daugh, H R Shirley. N V
Dutch Flat Mrs W H
jW A Stowell, Duluth A C Mather A w, Chicago
Miss Mather, Chicago M D Hull Aw, Chicago
I C A Lukenbach, LosAng E Cowen, N V
j T B Cowen, NY G W Davis, ColoradoSpg*
T M Robinson, Colo Spgs F Kisseng<r, Milwaukee
S Long, Chicago WGKerckhoff A w, LosA
Miss Schell, N V
LICK HOUSE.
J M Fulweller. Auburn O L Alexander, Cal
j P F Fay. Cal J L Whitney A w, Cal
i S B Wilbur, Cal J B Wood bury A w, Cal
J P Eisenbach.N York C W Mack, Sacramento
J S Bernard, bos Gatos H J Russell A ty, S Jose
J B Harrison Aw, S Barb J J Mooney. Visalia
Mrs Powell, Elmira Miss Walsh, Paso Kobles
Miss V Burke. Oakland J B Freeman, Sta Rosa
j W G Long, Cripple Creek H M Bell, Colo Springs
F A Coe, s>an Jose J P dv Fresne, Mexico
E Hoyer, Mazallan T E Ward A w, L Banos
O Dunton. l'etaiuma S M Boyer, Santa Clara
J J Fiannagan, St Louis W C Gardner, St Louis
T Brown, New York
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G W Jones, Fresno J C Hoffman, IT 8 N
F L Sweeney, Phila WHI ouner, Chicago
Miss Lauff Bolinas M E Harnes, Oakland
W W Wells, Chicago 8 W Van Syckel. N V
D PHinckliug&w, Wash T Juraine, New Jersey
W Mecklenburg. Denver O G Jursch, St Helena
| G Rennfendabl.stHelena S M Martin, Chicago
IJ G Hoiit, Burllngame W E Clarke, Phila
iC W Doyle, Santa Cruz Mrs Young, Highlands
E C Heard, Eureka
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1896.
in.
Mo.
Tu.
W.
Th.
ir.
Sa.l
Moon's Phases!
2
s
4
6
I
7
1 /J*\Last Quarter.
'■■ _ August 1.
8 xSk ' New Moon.
i __ I (55 ;\ August a
!
9
10
11
12
18
14
15 i /^First Quart ed
K.i August 15-
--16
17
18
19
20
21
23
,<Ss Full Moon.
— - V&> August 22.
29 — :
■■'- -?»> Last Quarter.
. • *>> Augnst 31
23
24
25
2tJ
27
28
30
31
OCEAN STEAMERS
| Dated of Departure From San Francisco.
- STEAM {
Bunol .......
AItJCO ......
ABlancharu
City of Para
Wills Wills
Bmr«ra ....
Weeott......
Taralioa...
Santa Rosa.
Pomona....'.
Truckeo :...
Colombia...
Comic
Coos 8ay.. . .
UmatUla....
Orizaba.
Acapulco. ...
Corona
Auntraila... .
State or Ual.
destination: |
Grays Harbor, i
coo* uar....;j i
Oregon ports.. ( i
Panama L
Vie * P^t Sna ! .
N«wDorc '.....: L
Eel KiT«r i
i aauln* Bar., i
San Diego . .
anmboidtiiar i
Coos 8ay..:..; i
Portland ....:. t
China & Japan \ i
.Newcor. .'....'. |j
Vie <fc Pet Bnd i
Mexic0...'..... i
Panama. ...... i
San Diego..... j
H0n01u1u...... li
Portland '.: li
Aug 22.12 li
A us 22.10 am
An.' 22. spm
Auk '-'2,12 m
Aug '-"-'. 9am
Aug 23. Bam
Aug 25. spm
Aug 25. 9am
Aiie 25.11 am
Auk 25. 2pm
Aug 25,12 M
A us 26.10 am
Aug 26, 3PM
Aue 27. Sam
Aug 27. 9am
Aug 27,10 am
Aug 28,12 II
Aug29.llAM
Auk 29.10 am
AUS 81.1OAM
BAIIA
| PIKB.
Pier 2 -
Pier 13
Pier 13
P MSS
Pier 9 ■
Pier 11
Pier IS
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 8
Pier 2*
P MSS
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
I'M SS
Pier 11.
Oceania
Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Stkamkk I
From
I Dub
Australia........
lima koi». ....
£ mat ilia ......
C01nmD1a. ......
fara110n ........
P0m0na.........
; Wecott. .......
Trucke«
Zealand
Acapulco
Mineola :..;... '
Coos 8ay.. ".:..~
Nona f0nt.....
tan Bent t0......
C0r0na.'.;.;.....
Alarueda........
State of Ca' — .
Rio ac Janeiro. .
City of PueDla..
Arait0...........
Eureica .........
Cr»»c«nt City. /.
Honolulu ........... ...;.
(•an Miaeo.. ......:.;...•...
Victoria Jt Puset Soand
Portland ..;'.;. :....■..."....
V aauln* t>»T...... ,„,;
Hnmboia; Mr. ........
riel Klver ...........
Coos 8ay.. ..... ..;...;..-
Acapulco... „;■...;....;.
Panama
Departure Bay ......
Newport ;.... ,
Humboidt 8ay...;......
Tacoma. 1....'......'......
Ban Diego- ..;.....:....
Austral ia ............. ...
P0rt1and..: ..... .........
China and Japan. .. ."..
Victoria & Pases tkmaa
Coos Bar .. .v. ....;.-... . .
Newport. ..;...'... ...;...
Crncenc tntr_ :.;.:..-.-..'
..Auk 22
..A US? 28
..Aug as
..Aug '23
..Aug 23
..Auk 24
..AUK 24
..Ane 24
..Aug 24
..All- •_';>
..Aug 25
..Aim 25
..Aug 25
..Aug '26
..Aus27'
..Aug 22
..Aug 2*
..Aug 28
..Auk 28
. .Aug 28
..Aug 29
..Aue 29
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. p. Coast axd gbodktio sitbvkt Ttdsi
BrTLLKTisr Published by Official v
.Authority of THK Supkriktkn-dkxt. )
Saturday, August 22.
Son rises 5.301 .Moon rises
Sou sets... 6 62)i100n sets '.'.'. 4.42 ax
August— lß96.
% ™Z» Feet H^i Feet I^l Feet Tlnj « f.
S b-W H W L-W |T7~W
*2 6.14 — 0.6 la.lli 6.4 619 -t.i j li.is —
23 6.48 -0.1 12.40 .6.4 aO2 2.4 - —
H \V L W ("h H \V l"w'"*'
24 0.01 ft.6 6.20 0.4 ; 1.04 i 6.4 6.42 2. 1
25 0.48 6.2 6.52 0.9 1.27 5.4 7.24 1!
26 1.32 4.7 7.15 1.5 1.49 5.2 8.02 1.
27 ,2.09 4.4 7.38 2.0 2.07 8.3 841 -]!
28 5.02 4.0 8.03 2.4 2.30 5.3 927 %£\
NoTK-In the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides t>f the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or righi
hand columu gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on tha United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
from thp dopth elven by < he charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
. Branch Htoroobaprio Offtc*. U. S. N., •)
. • Mkbckants'. Kichaxos. . .'. . - , V
. . San- Fka.ncisco. August 21. 1899. . )
I: The time ' ball ■ 00 ; Telegrapn * Hu. ' was dropped '
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. it, Greenwich time. ■„• ; ;r
jHJBBSSSi^^!* 3 ? 3^^- - A. F. Fkchtki.br, - ■ ;'■■
' : - Lieutenant U. S. In. in chare*.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
' .... ■.':....•-■.- Arrived. ■..'.•• -
; > FRIDAY, August 21.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. 38 hours from Ven
tura; oil. to Pacific Coast Oil Co. ■ Up river direct.
- Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 14 hours from Albion;
76 M. ft lumDer, to Albion Lumber Co: 190 eds
bark, to Beadle & Co. •• ■■■•?',
Stmr Arago. Heed, 40 hours from Coos Bay. via
Port Orford 36 hours; pass and mdse, to Oregon
Coal and Nay CO. '
■ Stmr Queen, ; Carroll, 61 hours from Departure
Bay: pass and coal, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
' Stmr .Eureka, ' Jepsen, 69 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
&Co. .
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 62 hours from Baa
Ppdro: ballast. to i aspir Lumber Co.
- Btmr Caspar, ■ Anflndsen. ■■ 47 ho irs • from Re«
dondo; ballast, to Caspar Lumber Co.
'Stmr Mackinaw.' Littlefleld, 85 hrs fnn Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. ; Port Costa direct.
' Stmr Navarro,' Miller, 45 " hour« from Cres
cent City, via Trinidad •31 hours; pass and mdse,
to Gray & Mitchell. < ■
'-■ Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, • 10 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada 49 hours: , pass and ; mdse, to
Goodall, Perkins & Co. . ■
Haw stmr San' Mateo. Fletcher. 11 days from
Comox, via Port Hadlock 73 hours, bound for San
1 Jose de Guatemala. Put In tor balance of cargo.
Schr Emma ; Claudlna,' Nielsen, 8 days from
Grays Harbor; 200 M. ft lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co; 90 M ft lumber, to Chas Nelson.
Schr Bobolink. Nelson. 24 hours trom Mendo.
cino: 200 M ft lumber, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
- Schr Etta B. Madseu, 1 - hours from Fort Koss;
25 bxs butter, 25 eds wood, to Ross & Hewlett.
! : Cleared.
FRIDAY. August 21.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego; Goodall. Perkins
4 Co. • * •"-■ " '
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
&Co. .
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend : Goodall. Perkins <& Co.
Brship Loch Broom, Radford, Leith; Balfour,
Gnthrle & Co. . *
Br ship Sir Robert Fernle, Cannon, Hull ; Eppln,
ger <& Co. f
. BarK Carondelet, Stetson, Adelaide ; J J Moors
A Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, August 21,
' * Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cms.
Stmr Cleone, Johnson, Needle Rock.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego and way ports.
Stmr State of California. Green, Astoria.
Bark Carondelet, Stetson, Adelaide.
- Schr Free Trade. Hansen. Waldoort.
Schr Eureka, Erickson, Nehalem River,
Schr John A, Hellquist, Eureka.
Schr Antelope. Anderson, Coquille River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega, ■
. Xeieitraohio.
POINT LOBOS. August 21—10 p. it— WeathH
hazy ; wind NW; velocity, 20 inuai
Charters.
The Mar; ha Davis and W G Irwfn load mdse for
Honolulu; Chil ship Ema Lulsa, lumber on the
Sound for Valparaiso, owners' account; Br shin
Liverpool, wheat at Tacoma for Europe, prior to
arrival, 28s 9d.
The Br ships Port Douglas and CambuskenneUi
are chartered for wheat to Europe, 26s 3d net.
Spoken.
Aug 16— Lat 49 N, lone 14 W. Br ship Osborne,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Domestic Port*.
BAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 21-Stmr Rival, fm
Fort Bragg.
Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Excelsior, for San Fran
cisco. •-' .
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Aug 21-Stmr Alcazar,
for Newport. . .
, PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 21— Bark Fresno,
for Kobe.
EUREKA— Arrived Ang Stmr Arcata, he«
Aug 20; schr Laura Pike, hence Aug 11.
Sailed An? 21 — >tmr Tillamook.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Aug Bark C*.
your, from Callao.
HEARNS LANDING— Aug Schr
Corinthian, hence Aug 18.
USAL— sailed Aug 21— Schr Rio Rey, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug 21-schr
Monterev, for San Francisco.
WEST PORT— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Lagnna, for
San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Aug 21— 8tmr Point
Arena, hence Aug UO. ■'
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Truckee,
hence Aug 18. ' . '
ASTORlA— Arrived Ang 21— bark Meinwen,
from Melbourne.
Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
el SCO.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug Bark Vldette, fm
Portland.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 15-Scar C T
Hill, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 21 — Schr Jennie Stella, hence
Aug 6. .
TATOOSH-Sailed 21— Schr Jennle*Wand,
for San Francisco.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Aug 21— Scar
Archie and Fontie, hence Aug 19.
Eastern Port*,
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Alllanca,
for Colon.
Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Advance, from Colon.
Foreign Port*.
:• BRlSTOL— Arrived Aug 20— Br ship Godlva,hce
April 4.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 80— Br stmr Asloun
from Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 20— Br ship Moel
Try van, hence April 3.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 20— Br ship Pass of
Balmaha, from Tacoma; Nor ship Prince Albert,
from Vancouver. ■ . :
SYDNEY— Aug 20— Br shlpßoby, from
Tacoma: Br ship Falls of Halladale. hence May
24.
SWANSEA— SaiIed Aug 19— Ital ship Franceses
Ciampa. for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Aug 16— Fr bark
Jeanne d'Arc, for an Francisco.
PRAWLE POINT-Passed Aug 19— Ger shlD I
D Bischoff. from Vancouver, for London.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Aug 20— Schr Carrier
Dove, from Chemalnus.
. Sailed Aug 20— Bark Carrollton. for Puget
Sound. . .
*lovement« or Train- Atlantic Stn»no-«.
. NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Paris, frra
Southampton: stmr Lucanla. from Liverpool and
Queenstown: stmr Columbia, from Hamburg; stra
Persia, from Hamburg: stmr Sorrento, from Ham
burs and Havre. '
Sailed : Aug 21— Stmr State of Nebraska, for
Glasgow. . •■ • ■ -
. QUEENSTOWN— out Aug Stmr
Campania.
• GLASGOW— SaiIed Aug 20— Stmr City of Rome,
for New York. :;, .. •
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Ang 21-Stmr Nor«
mannia, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Aug 21— Stmr Kensington, fra
New York, for Antwerp.
. Importation*. .
- GUAYMAB. ETC.— Per Orlzaba-431 hides, 30
live turtles, 1 ox feathers,' 48 bars silver bullion,
20 bags precipitates of silver, 9 bars silver and
gold bullion. 1 pkg Mexican silver, 1 cs brandy,
98 sks silver ore, 766 sks gold and stiver ore, 19
ca lemons, 3 sks 10 crts 1 bx shells, 46 sks horns,
1 pkg 2 bars cold bullion. 1 sk dollars, 66 cs salt
fish, 1 cs limes, 52 sks metal. 365 pcs wood, 2*
sks minerals,' 1 sk silver, 1 bdl 469 sealskins. 293
sks tortoise shells, 5 bdls fish fins, 1 bdl dry fish, 1
bx 26 sks ore, 68 cs sulphates, 1 bdl calfskins, 20
sks dry peas, 7 bis deerskins, 173 tons salt, 1 bxd
typewrit ter. .
PORT ORFORD-Per Arago— l sk bark, 1 bdX
pelts, 1 pkg mdse, 5 kegs 35 bxs butter, 1 sk coin,
1 cbst express, 1 sk coin.
Coos Bay— ss sks bark, 65 bdls bides and skins,
46 bxs butter, 24 cs cheese, 4 sks wool, 5 bxs type,
2 pkgs mdse, 1 pkg shoes. ' 1 hose reel. 1 bdl saw
1 bale carpet, 7 bales . flannels, 65 hogs, 40 piles, 4
pkgs express, 500 tons coal, 103 M ft lumber, 12
eds wood. : ' '."
.- NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 3 bbls 1 keg wine, 21
bxs lemons, 71 sks peanuts, 1 sk walnuts.
East San Pedro— 1 ' bx seed, 38 cs canned fish, 8
bxs condensed vegetables.
': Los Angeles via East San Pedro— 4 sections of
harrows. 2 dressed bears. 1 drum cheese.
■ - Ventura— l bx crockery. 1 pkg castings, 37 bdls
pelts, 60 . sks beans, 57 bxs lemons, 1 cs cigars. 1
ca schmierkase. -;".-'
Hueneme— 4lo sks beans. '
Carpinterla— 2o sks crawfish.
• Santa Barbara— 24 s<s crawfish, Ibx fish.
I i*aviota— 33 sks crawfish, 7 bxs fish, 19 bdls dry
fish; 1 coil rope. • \ '• .
I - Port. Harford— 42 ox's fish. 5 sks clams.
.■ P C.Ry stations — 1 keg 6 bxs butter, 2cs cheese,
13 cseggs, 2 coops chickens. 150 sks oats, . 4034
sks barley.
\»; Cayucos— l bdl dry goods, Ibx groceries, 5 bales
seaweed, 1 bdl hides. 2 kegs 5 bxs butter, 6 cs eggs,
1 coop chickens, 6 dressed calves. ... v
.San Simeon— l pkg castings, 7 tubs •12 bbls 6
bxs butter. 5 cs esgs.
■ Monterey— l bdl twine.
- CRESCENT CITY- Per Navarro-62 sks wool.
58 bxs butter, 1 bx seed, 2 pkgs forks, 11 hides, 45
pkgs mdse, 600 M shingles.
Con»ieiie»».
Per Orizaba—A Paladin!: Thledeman A Deltas;
F Toplltz & Co; Candelaria Con Mining Co; Sa
Vicente -Mining Co:" B Hart: Anglo-California
Bank: Thannhauser &CO; A X sevens Cbas
Tetzen: Gardiner & TUornley; Garcia <&Magginl:
Baker & Hamilton: " P C s S Co: : W Loaiza A Co:
G Staacke: F Ruther & Co; H M Newnall it Co; I
Untie; H Lev! & Co.
■'•■■" Per Arago— Dodce. Sweenev A Co: Win London;
Getz Bros & Co: Wells, Fargo & Co; F B Halxht;
Ross Hewlett; C E Whitney A Co: H H battler
<fcCo: Kilmer. Bredhoft & Schulz: Hulme * Hart:
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association;
South San Francisco Packing »nd Provision Co:
Marshall, Teggart cfc Co; Dunham. Carrigan &Co;
De Bernard! A, Co : • Langley & Michaels : , Frank
•Bros Co; -DN & E Walters: Amer Press Assn;
Bryan Shoe Co: 'W B Sumnertt Co; B U Dean &
Co; Batidon Woolen-mills: O C & N Co: Goodyear
Rubber Co; Simpson Lumber Co: W H braluard.
Per Eureka— D Biagi <fe Co: W C Price & Co: JM!
Fayard; Sunset Seed and Plant Co; A Paladini: D
M Osborn; Kowalsky & Co: C C Pennell A Co; Wna
Cluff&Co; Brigham. Itopne A Co : Hills Bros; A
B. Wallace A; Co: Nathan, Dohrmann A Co : Pacific
Coast Fish Co: G Camilloni & Co; Woodin A Lit
tle; Russ, Sanders <fc Co: American Union Fish Co;
Murphy, Grant Co: C Carpy A Co: Dal ton Bros:
Moore, Ferguson A Co; " L Scatena A Co: National
Brewery: Milan! A Co; M T Freitas A Co: Geary A
Co; Porter Bros A Co; Hiimer. BredhotT &Schulz;
H. Kirchmann je Co; Chas Montgomery A Co: Yon
Voss A Co; Norton, Teller A Co: L D Stone A Co:
Slnshelmer Bros Murphy, Grant A Co; Marshall
A R imers: : Standard oil C«; H Dutard; F Url
Co; D Cheshlni: Labor Exchange: V Url A Co: A
H Lachlan : I Chicago Brewery: • Migliavacca Win*
Co: A Doyle: Marshall, Tegicart A Co. :" '
■■v Per Navarro— Dodge. ; Sweenev A Co ' Hegler
Bros: Witzel A Baker: C E Whitney A Co: Cox
Seed and Plant Co: Norton, Teller A Co; Cleveland
Wheel Co; Hilmer, Bredhoff* wchulz; C A Hitch
cock; F B Halght: Thomas Loughran; R D Hume
A Co; Thos Denigan, Son A Co: Gray A Mitchell:
Baker A Hamilton; l- S II Frank A Co; _ ; Heller <fc
Bachmaa, ; :-~im8BK&SBSSBHBBBBBXSBBKAThe Diploma Which Will Be Given by the Oakland Exposition Management to Persons Who Have Made Meritorious
Exhibits at the Great Fair.
[The design was drawn by S. Longford, a student of California College, Highland Park.]
WILL CLOSE ITS
DOORS TO-NIGHT
The Oakland Exposition
Has Been a Great
Success.
AWAKDS OF PRIZES.
A Children's Opera by Local
Talent to Be the Closing
Programme.
DEBUT OF MRS. GRACE DODGE
Y. M. C. A , Mandolin Clubs and
Others Will Assist in the
Evening.
Oaklaxd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 21. j
To-morrow night the exposition will
close, and it can now be said that the ex
pectations of the directors, both as re-
Miss Elizabeth M. Sherman, Who inaugurated and Who Has Maintained the
Oldest Successful Vested Boy Choir in the State-
gards attendance and finance, have been
more than realized.
This afternoon the directors held a meet
ing and accepted the form of design for
the diplomas that will be presented to the
exhibitors to-morrow.
The following special awards have been
made: M. J. Keller Company, shirt man
ufacturers; Bay City Fiourmills: Pacific
Press Publishing Company; K. Kurzel;
Judson Manufacturing Company; Booth
& Johnson, electric-platers; German
Printing Company ; C Alathews, rug man
ufacturing; Wiiliam IJiiton, California
Silkniiil; American Gas-machine Manu
facturing Company; Pacific Wire Works;
redwood carpenter-shop; California Stove
Works; Best Manufacturing Company,
£an Leandro; California Cotton-mills;
Oakland Gas, Ligbt and Heat Company ;
Pacific Borax Company; Oakland Iron
Works.
The committee on art awards, consist
ing of T. L. Bromley, F. E. Evans and
Miss Margaret Herrick, has reported as
follows:
First prize, $25— R. D. Yelland, |No. 131;
"Twilight on the Alameda Marsh."
Second prize, ?15— 0. Chapel Judson,
No. 90.
Tnird prize, $10— Miss Lou Wall.
Prizes or $5 each were adjudged to the
following: Miss Isabel Hunter, No. 71; G.
M. Bowles, No. 94; Alicia Mooney, No.
-106; R. L. Partington, pen portrait, No.
126; Annie Briggs. No. 56.
A "ceneral" award has been made to
every exhibitor.
This afternoon the children from St.
Mary's and the parochial schools and from
the Grant, Ciawson and Durant schools
; were admitted free, aud in every sense of
the word they enjoyed "the liberty" of the
exposition, and a more happy and inter
ested crowd has never beeii seen within
its walls.
To-night the talent was supplied by East
Oakland. Assemblyman C. G. Dodge de
livered a short ocening address, and
Eugene Colby, James T. Preston and H.
A. Melvin rendered vocal solos. Miss
Minnie Hoppe gave a recitation.
Mrs. Grace E. Dodge, wife of the presi
dent of the evening, sang "Summer
Night" beautifully. She was heartly ap
plauded;
Ii was not generally known that thelady
was a vocalist, but her appearance on tbe
platform for the purpose of rendering a
vocal number was a surprise to a large
number of Oaklanders. The success wnich
| Mrs. Dodge achieved was nee less pro
! nounced than the surprise which her ap
pearance created. She possesses a rich
mezzo-soprano voice, and she sings with
intelligence and dramatic fervor.
The evening programme to-morrow will
be under the auspices of Clan Mac Donald
of Oakland, Order of Scottish Clans. It is
as follows:
Children's opera, a historical kinderspiel
entitled "The Happy Family." Accompanist,
Miss Esta Marvin ; instructor and leader, Chief
Rattray of Clan Mac Donald. Grand chorus of
seventy-five children. The Oakland Y. M. C.
A. and'Symphonious Mandolin Clubs, twenty
fi-ve members, Professor W. A. Eames, instruc
tor and director, "The Nutmeg Dance," ar
ranged by W. A. Eames.
Opereta, "The Happy Family"— The Old
Woman Who Lived in a Shoe, Jessie K. Har
rower. Her sons— Ali Baba, Ernest Aitken;
Robinson Crusoe, Leland McVey; Bluebeard,
Mina Dickie. Her daughters — Goody Two
Shoes, Maggie Cooper; Cinderella, Bella G.
Bruce. Cinierella's sisters — Grace, Maggie
Dickie; Patience, Jessie Howe; Dorothy Drag-
Kletail, L.llie Cooper; Marjorie Daw, Maggie
Cooper; Miss Muffet, Charlotte Rattray. Sin-
I bid— Robert Bruce. Aladdin — Heury Har-
— . „_ !
rower. Her adopted sons— Friday, Robinson !
Crusoe's black man; Tom Bowline, Harry i
Bluff, Ben Bolt, Will Watch, The Midshipman,
the crew of the Nancy Lee; Dalas, Niffarap. !
Rotsnc, Rivildoc, four of the Forty Thieves.
Chorus ; composed of other members of the
'. old woman's- family uot mentioned in his
', tory. •
The music will be as follows:
Symphony Miss Esta Marvin
"A Happy Family" Chorus
I Solo, "A Lop Time Ago' 1 .. Old Woman
i 'That O!d- fashioned 5h0e..:....: , Choru«
Sou), "Tilts, My Children, Is My Birthday*.. ..
■ . ....TTT7r.'*...Vrrr^TT.-.::.7 1 :^;.:T7r.".0W Woman
"A Rirßiis^r, a Stranger".. .'.;■..-;.'.>.. ;..:.. Chorus
Solo, '-When Bent on Adventure". :..... .'.Aladdin
"-»l«ddln, Alas!" .".:.■... •...•.....;.-.■ ...Chorus
Duet, 'I Am Your Sister, Miss Muffett"...:
■; •■-- .............. — Hiss .Muffett and Aladdin
••Captive Maiden" :..... ....Game, with Chorus
"Binbad Sin !>«<:" ......;..... .............. Chorus
Solo, "Since 1 irst I Left My Early Hom*".Sinbad
•■Oh, We Are the Crew of the Nancy I cc" .:.. : ; \ ,
.;........'........'..."....■... .".:„. ..Sailors' Chorus
."The Sailor Leadeth a Joyful Life" .Girls' Chorus
Solo, "For Many Years My Life Was Speni'V: ."..*- ■,
.-■ Murjoria Daw
"Don't Let Me Causa You Any Alarm". Bluebeard
"Are You My Bister Dorohy?".... ....... •.-....•^~i
• ''.-.-: ......;...*. .-.'.... Dorothy and Bin "beard
i?Olo, -'When the Heart Is >ad and Sore". Dorothy
••New trends May Be Fa'se Friends". : ...Chorus
"Welcome! Welcome! Welcome Robinson". ; /
.'..........;.■ .....'.......:... ...... :...:. Chorus
Solo, -1 Han Off to 5ea"..;... .....Robinson Crusoe i
Solo, "I Was a Black- Ravage". ............ ..Friday
Trio, "Children Should All Agree"./  ..:
'...,:.-•• . ......Cinderella with her two sisters
solo, "My Name Is All Baba 801 d".'...... Alt Baba
. bolo, "Honesty Is the Best Policy " . . . . . . : . ; . . . . , i j
'; - ,-......;.- ........ ..............Goody Two Shoes :
"A Tug of War"."..'...".'.. ......;.. Chorus |
Finale, "A Sweet G00dnight". ......... Cborui
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
TARPEY'S PLUMES
SMOOTHED DOWN
They Were Ruffled by Mr.
Daggett a Few Months
Ago.
ENGLISH IN THE FIELD.
He Claims a Majority of Dele
gates in the Third
District.
GAKRITY BADLY TREATED.
His Friend, tbe Labor Commissioner,
Said to Have Forgotten a Little
Promise.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, August 21. )
Some very curious and highly interest
ing Democratic history is being brought
to the surface in the tight between M. F.
Tarpey and Warren B. English for the
Congressional nomination from the Third
District. This city being the logical center
of the district, the various elements in
the contest are naturally more in evidence
here than elsewhere.
Tarpey, as is well known, was a candi
date as delegate to the Democratic Na
tional Convention, and was also very
friendly with Robert Fitzgerald, who is
the recognized leader of the Daegett wing
in this county. As Mr. Dageett was not
anxious for Tarpey to go to Chicago, Dag
gett's friend, Fitzgerald, could not work
for him, and, as a result, Tarpey felt that
he had been thrown down and that his
Alameda friends had acted tbe part of
semi-traitors. As a result, Tarpey was
beaten, and received but a few votes. A
neat little scheme, it is said, has now been
outlined to salve the feeiings of Mr.
Tarpey.
Tbe plan is, as has been known for sev
eral days, to put up Tarpey for the sole
purpose of beating Warren English, and
Tarpey being tue most available man, is
being used by Daggett for that purpose.
When the matter was rirst broacned to
Tarpey he declined to be the candidate of
any faction and refused to enter the con
test except Warren English would support
him and he could also get the Populist in
dorse m en t.
As Daggett controls the State Central
i Committee he was in a position to instruct
Mr. Alford to place Tarpey, as chairman,
on the committee which has charge of
the task of looking toward tne fusion of
the Populists and Democrats.
Tarpey was then in a position where he
! could dictate and make terms.
At yesterday's conference the Populists
demanded that they be given four of the
Presidential electors. Tarpey made a
speech, saying that he was in favor of
giving them everything they wanted. He
stated thai the Populists had been advo
cates of silver longer than the Democrats,
j and that as silver is the predominating
question at the coming election it would
| do no harm to give the Popuiists all they
! ask for. The plan was then proposed that
I the Populists indorse Tarpey for the Third I
! D istrict in return for the Democratic in
| dorsement of the Populist candidate in
the First.
Tarpey believes that he can now get the
Populist nomination. Warren Engiish,
who has recently gone all over the dis
trict, declares that he has more than a
majority of all the Democratic delegates.
Green Majors ar.d Judge Gibson are both
anxious for the Populist indorsement and
are not particularly anxious that the Dem
ocratic State Central Committee should
have anything to say in the matter, and
it is regarded as certain that the fusion
proposition will lail and that both Podu
lists and Democrats will nominate in the
Third District.
Warren English and Tarpey had a con
ference to-day and it is hinted as among
the possibilities that Tarpey will with
draw and that Warren English will not
j make any strong overtures to the Popu
! lists, but will run on a straight Democratic
j ticket, in which he will have the support
of most of the local silver party.
This afternoon another development
came to life, and it is not altogether un
likely that Tom Garrity may apper in the
I field against English. In the last fight
Garrity worked for the Daggett wing, an
while doing so was told by Labor Com
missioner Ed Fitzgerald that he (Fitz
gerald) would support Garrity if he ran
for Congress. Yesterday Garrity, it is re
ported, received a letter from his friend
Tom McMahon of the Contra Costa Demo
cratic Committee, in which McMahon
states that Fitzgerald had asked his sup
port on behalf of Tarpey. Garrity re
proached Fitzgerald and the Labor Com
missioner at once replied that he was still
for Garritv, whereupon Garrity produced
McMahon's letter and what followed ia
not reported.
In view of these developments it is con
sidered improbable that the Populists will
change the date and place of their con
vention to suit the Democrats. The Popu
list Convention was originally set to be held
at Benicia on the 25th of August, and it
was proposed, while fusion was thought to
be possible, to transfer it to Vallejo and
postpone the date till September 4, at
which place and time the Democratic Con
vention will be held. It is now more than
likely that this deal will be declared off —
in fact, that it has already been declared
off, and that the Populists will hold their
convention at the place and time origin
ally proposed and will make their own
nominations, leaving English, Tarpey and
Garrity to snarl according to their tastes
for the Democratic bone.
As it is impossible for either the Demo
cratic or Populist candidate to be elected
in this district, and as the Republican ele
ments are fa«t harmonizing, it is certain
tliat Hilborn's majority will be very large.
MISSING MILCOVICH.
Charged by Hi» Brother With Making
Away With Four Hundred
Dollars.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— John Milco
vich has been reported to the police as
missing. His brother, P. N. Milcovich,
charges him with having taken $400 of the
j iatter's money and desires that lie be ar-
Republican Committecman A. H. Breed, Who Believes Alameda County is
Worthy the Prcmincnce Given It by "The Call."
rested, ana promises to prosecute him if
caught.
The restuarant man has been ill for some
time and he charges that his brother came
into his place of business, on Fourteenth
street, and at the point of a revolver com
pelled the man in charge to let him empty
the cash register.
Laid to Rest.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— The funeral
of the late M^s. Margaret P. McCourtney
was held this morning at the Church of the
Sacred Heart, Temescal. A solemn re
quiem high mass was celebrated at 9:30 by
Father Serda, assisted by Father Scanlan
and Father Cranwell. The ma^s selected
was "Schmidt's Requiem," and was ren
dered by a quartet consisting of Mrs. 8. R.
O'Keefe, Miss Tillie Valerga, Frank Va
lerga and C. G. Hallmeyer. The nail
bearers were J. J. Cadogan, J. J. White,
Thomas Moran, Martin Dunn, C. Purcel,
A. D. Pryal, P. Flynn, C. F. Weber, J. J.
O'Rourke aod J. P. Hayes.
Oakland Exposition Souvenir
Edition-
OAKLAND SHOULD
NOT BE IGNORED.
Board of Trade Directors
Discuss Newspaper
Methods.
"THE CALL" COMMENDED
Only Great Daily That Adver
tises Alameda County to
the World.
OTHER PAPERS MUST EXPLAIN.
Their Practice of Issuing Small Local
Editions Is Unanimously
Condemned.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,?
908 Broadway, Aug. 21. |
Albert Kayser, proprietor of the Oak
land Journal, and a director of the Board
of Trade, caused a great surprise at to
day's meeting of that body. He stated
that the San Francisco daily papers, with
the exception of The Call, ignored this
county's interest by only publishing the
news of Alameda County in the local
edition, and not even in the San Francisco
edition.
A. H. Breed, a real-estate dealer and a
member of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee, said:
"This is a matter of vast importance to
Oakland, that should receive the attention
of this board. We have this exposition
here to advertise and recommend Oakland
to the world as a city of enterprise and
suitable place to invest capital. The
papers of San Francisco, excepting The
Call, report the event in their Oakland
editions, and then omit it altogether in
their general edition, which reachet the
people we are trying to reach.
•'I v nderstand that The Call is the only
paper that does not countenance this kind
of work and I am in favor of passing a mo
tion requesting all of our members and
the public generally to discontinue their
subscriptions to the Examiner and Chron
icle until such a time as the management
of these papers feel that Oakland and Ala
meda County news is of enough im
portance to publish in their general edition.
If one of you were out in the State and
looked into the Examiner or Chronicle
you would never know that we were hav
ing an exposition here. I claim that it is
an outrage to treat us in such a manner."
Secretary Cragie Sharp said: "I know
that this statement is true and am in
favor of giving the papers due notice and
then passing such a resolution if they fail
to do the proper thing. Our people away
from home want to know the news when
they purchase a paper."
A. Kayser of the Oakland Journal ex
pressed surprise that such a charge was
possible. He said: "I never heard of such
a thing being done anywhere else. I un
derstand that the Examiner has four dif
ferent editions for four different sections
of the country."
A. D. Pryal favored the suggestions
made, as did C. A. Booth of the Oakland
Iron Works. The latter stated that he
never heard that the two papers were
doing sucb worK.
M. J. Keller moved that the t»vo papers
in question be corresponded with and
their answers presented to the opening
meeting of the board to be held in the
near future. If the facts were as stated
he said the secretary should have a reso
lution prepared calling upon all members
and their friends to discontinue their sub
scriptions to the Examiner and Chronicle.
The motion was unanimously carried.
After the meetine Mr. Keller said:
"If it is really true that some of the
daily papers of San Francisco omit all the
Oakland news from their general edition
outside of that which is circulated in Oak
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Mrs. Grace E. Dodge, the East Oakland Mezzo* Contralto, Who Appeared at th»
Exposition Last Night.
land, it ought to be known by tbe people
at large.
"Very likely it is true, or Mr. Kayser,
himself a newspaper man, would not have
brought it up at the Board of Trade meet
ing to-day. I remember noticing such an
omission when away on a camping trip
some years ago. In looking for Oakland
news in the Examiner I could not find it.
"Mr. Kayser and others of the board be
lieve that the Chronicle also omits the
Oakland news from its general edition.
There is no charge that The Call treats us
in this way.
"The omission of the Oakland news
from the regular edition by any of the San
Francisco papers seems to me a business
blunder, to say tbe least. It is bound to
be found out and, of course, the paper will
be judged accordingly.
"The Oakland people frequently furnish
news to the San Francisco dailies with
the expectation of getting the benefit of
the general circulation; not only that, but
advertising is given for the Oakland pages
of those publications with the same view.
"Certainly Oakland is important enough
to be recognized in such a way. It is, so
far as news is concerned, a part of San
Francisco, and tbe news from all parts
round the bay should travel together
hand in hand. The idea that a great
daily published in one of the great cities
of the country, read all over the United
States and in other countries, should be
devoid of any news pertaining to its legit
imate territory seems unreasonable.
"It is hardly just to 100,000 people that
such an omission should be practiced."
THEY SING NOW
IN DEEPER KEY.
Reunion of St. John's Epis
copal Boys' Vested
Choir.
OLDEST ON THE COAST.
Formed by Miss E. M. Sherman
Ten Years Ago, Who Still
Directs It.
PURELY A LABOR OF LOVE.
Next Monday All Members and Ex-
Members Will Be Tendered
a Banquet.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway, Aug. 21. )
The tonth anniversary of what is said to
be the oldest continuous vested choir in
tbe State will be held at St. John's Episco
pal Church next Monday evening.
Ten years ago Miss Elizabeth M. Sher
man in the face of great opposition organ
ized a vested boy choir. As boys do not
remain in that stage of life for a decade
after they are old enough to cinq in a
church choir the reunion will be a very
interesting gathering.
Every little opposition had to be met
ten years ago, and worshipers who are
now accustomed to hear tbe exquisite
singing of the boys wonder how6verany
objection could have been raised. Miss
Sherman has worked very persistently,
and it has been a labor of love throughout
as she has worked as trainer and teacher
all the time without any salary whatever.
She has visited the public schools and has
kept the choir up to a high standard, and
her success has been the means oi en
couraging many others, and now vested
choirs are to be found everywhere.
Owing to the need of procuring new ma
terial every few years vested boy choirs
that had been started in other places were
abandoned, but St. John's has never been
without an able choir since the innova
tion was first made.
The members of the original choir were:
Roland Oliver, Arthur Agard, jack Nichol
son. John Petty. N. H. Barry, Mr. Finch,
Arthur Petty, Ellsworth Alden Akerly,
George Harris, Mason Bowen, George
Parry Akeny, Joseph Petty, Arthur
Kniver, James Ely ana Mr. Foster.
In the current number of the church
magazine Rev. F. J. Mynard says regard
ing tne reunion :
This date is worthy of special note for many
reasons. St. John's choir was almost the pio
neer choir of Its kind on this coast, and proba
bly is the only one which, being a success from
the start, can claim ten years of uninterrupted
work. It certainly is the only one which has
had no change in leadership for ten year.<=.
Miss Elizabeth M. Sherman, who organized
our first cr.oir, is still ■ rectress, and has fully
j shown that in this capacity she has no superior
on the Pacific Coast. In this connection ona
feels llk'e attempting some description of the
unflagging zeal, the persistent purpose, the
almost unlimited energy and the rare devotion
which has held this one person to such work
and labor these ten years past; but no one
could do justice to the arduous service exacted
by the position and its duties tbrough all these
years save the one who hes performed them.
The plans for the day provide for a service
in the church at 8 o'clock p. ac. The present
choir will sing, and all ex-members of the
choir in good standing are invited to occupy
seats reserved for them near the chancel. We
hope to have an address by the Bishop at this
service. After the service, members and ex
members will adjourn to the "banquet hall,"
where, after refreshments are served, short ad
dresses will be delivered. We hope to have
the church filled to its utmost capacity with
enthusiastic parishioners who will be prepared
to make a special offering, in recognition of
the event, to the choir fund.
COUNTY POLITICS.
Doings of the Local Clubs of all the
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— Ex-Mayor
W. R. Davie expects to be chosen per
manent chairman of the Congressional
convention at Vallejo to-morrow.
Hon. F. S. Stratton spoke to a crowded
house to-night at the Army and Navy
League headquarters on "Young Man in
Politics."
The Alameda Republican Club has
rented four rooms in the Peterson block
for headquarters. They will take an active
part in the campaign.
The Populists of the Fiftieth District
were addressed to-night in Milton Hall
by Judge E. M. Gibson, Green Majors and
B. G. Haskel.
The Populist Zouave League turned out
to-night for the second time, and marched
to North Oakland to attend the Fiftieth
Assembly meeting.
There will be a meeting held of the
Young Men's Democratic Club of Ala
meda County Monday evening, August 24,
in its rooms, 418 Eighth street, between
Broadway and Franklin street, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a meeting of the Bryan
Democratic Club to-morrow evening at 8
o'clock at tbe hal! on the southeast corner
of Twelfth and Washington streets.
Thirty-five members signed the rolls of
the "Levering Prohibition Club of Ala
meda County" last evening at the or^anK
tion in Hamilton Hall.
The campaign committee of the Ala
meda County Political Equality Associa
tion elected officers last night as follows:
President, Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott; secre
tary, Mrs. W. M. Keith; treasurer, Mrs. T.
C. Walker. The president will appoint va
rious sub-committees.
For Your Friends.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 21.— Visitors
to the exposition on the cloning day
(Saturday) will be given a paper to send
to their friends and also a neat little
souvenir at "The Call" booth In the
exposition.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Movements of Trsni- Atlantic Steamer*.
PHILADELPHLA— CIeared Aug 21— Stmr Bei
ge iland, for Liverpool.
Auction Sales
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD
Real Estate and Oknebai. Auctioneer.
Office, Crocker building. 1 el. 1422 Main.
\ THIS DAY.
Saturday....... August 83. 1898,
' At 11 o clock a. m., on the premises,
507- BAKER ST., NEAK HAVES,
I will sell trie Entire Elegant Furnishings of Resi-
dence: Parlor, Chamber, Dining-room and Kitchen
Furniture complete, etc. : ■ ■■■
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer, Crocker Building.
S. BASCM,
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant.
Office 1043 Market sU Tel. 371 South.
I WILL SELL THIS DAY,
: Saturday . ....... August 33. 1896.
THE WELL-KNOWN KESTAURAUT,
.-•,- . -. On premises,
:' ' - 102 McAllister STREET,
At 11 a. m., consisnn? of Oak Tables, Chairs,
Counter, Mirror, Cutlery, Range, Linens, etc., etc.
Note — This place will be sold as a' whole: If not
sold as such will be sold to suit small purchasers.
■ : \ S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
; The Undersigned Will Offer for Sale
AT ■ ■— ■ -
PUBLIC AUCTION
; v ; WITHOUT RESERVE FOR CASH .' .
.. .  . ,At Our Warerooms, .
Kos. 213-216 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
THURSDAY. ......:.... AUGUST 27, 1890,
' COMMENCING AT 10 A. M.,
■ ~: : 7 — — -AND AT-f-— , ■.■
Our Warerobms at Nos. 362-366 Twelfth Street,
Oakland; Alameda County, CaL,
——OS——
FRIDAY. .......AUGUST 38, 1896,
Commencing at 10 a. m., . .
The stock of Vehicles, Bicycles, i Horses, Harness,
Robes, Whips, etc.,. formerly of the ■ Columbus
Buck y Company, ? including about 600 Vehicles,
comprising Carriages, Surreys,* Phaetons, Traps,
JJue-'ies. Spring Wagons, Business Wagons, Road
Wagons, Road Carts, Villace Carts, >-peed Carts of
various styles .112 bets of single and Double Har-
ness 8 Horses, 40 Bicycles. Office •• Furniture,
safe, Desks. Typewriter, 640 Dashes, large stock
of Robes. Whips, Blankets and other miscellaneous
assortment of Buegy ■• Tops, Poles, Shafts, Lamns,
etc. . BLAN'CHARD BRO. & LANK,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-fc^^B 625 HEAKXT Established *
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. - Debility or
sSUBBMa disease wearing on body and mind and
OH ' Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
JBB| others fall. * Try him. Charges low. '
! Cnre* sndranirfd. Callorwrite. I
Dr. 4. r« wIBBOH. Box 1937. San Franc!**.
1314
CHINESE TESTIFY
AGAINST WILLIAMS
They Swear That Money
Was Paid the Ex-
t lnspector
FOR LANDING FRIENDS.
Evidence of Bold Methods of
Extortion and Bribery
Produced.
THE THIRD INDICTMENT NOW.
Story of the Landing of Chin Cbay
Hnng* for $85 Last No
vember.
Charley Ah Him, who left Los Angeles
when the police objected to his presence
there, and since then maintained his rep
tation in connection with Chinese cases
and highbinder wars, sat between Attor
neys Coogan and Mowry yesterday dur
ing the third day's trial of Richard S.
Williams, ex-Customs' Inspector, charged
with extortion and corruption in office.
Charley wore an immense diamond ring,
and likewise the peculiarities of a Chinese
man about town, and he never once
allowed his interest in the proceedings to
drop. In this regard he was equally eager
with Williams to advibe the attorneys.
Chin Deck, the brother of one of the
Chinese alleged to have been landed by
"Williams, was recalled in the morning.
His testimony was a repetition of that
given Thursday, relating how his brother
had been landed by Williams upon the
payment of $100. Mowry took up Deck's
testimony that Wong Chong, the Chinese
landed, was a brotner of Chine Deck.
The point made was that of a Wong and a
Chin being of different families, but the
witness was equal to tbe occasion by ex
plaining he was only a half brother. >
Juryman Henry J. Crocker stated he
wanted to be clear on the point if Wil
liams, Wong Sam and Chin Deck were to
gether in Sam's room twice. Lyman
Mowry said that the witness had so testi
fied and he read'in the testimony of Thurs
day that Deck gave direct testimony to
that effect. The shorthand reporter read
his notes of Deck's cross-examination, in
which it was stated that Deck had not
been in Sam's private room twice. Count
ing the time the money was paid made the
secdnd time he saw Williams there.
J. J. Tobin, Deputy Collector, in reply
to questions regarding the assignment of
Williams to certain cases, said that he had
assigned Williams to some cases. The de
fense took exception to this line of testi
mony and the Deputy Collector was ex
cused.
The third indictment against Williams,
which was found on the landing of Ching
Chay Hung, November 13, was next
taken up.
The first witness on this count was
Ching Ying, a fruit-picker and laborer
now living in Chinatown. His brother,
Hung, he said, went to China in 1894 and
returned to the United States October 15,
1895.
The witness was acquainted with Wil
liams and saw him in connection with
the landing of Hunsr.
"Where did you meet him?"
"In front of tne Chinese theater and I
asked him why my brother nad not been
landed. He said, 'Go up to Wong Sam's
room and talk.' "
"Well, what did ne say then? :i
"He told me he wanted $100, as the case
was a. bad one. I told him I could not get
so mucti money, I was too poor, but if he
could get my brother landed I would
give ?35 or $50. Wong Sam was there at
the time. He said, "Yes, Ching Ying is
poor; if he can give $60 I will do some
thing for him. We can get his brother
landed.' Two eveninsrs later I met Wil
liams and he said, 'Don't let Wong Sam
attend to this case.' I told Williams I
had given $60 to Wong Sam and he said,
'Don't have him attend to it; you hurry
and get the money back from him.' "
"Did you have a conversation with Wil
liams about the money?"
"I said to him I couldn't give $100. but
if he would have my brother landed I
would give him $85.
"My brother was landed November 13,
and I saw Williams that night over the
theater on Washington street. I got the
money back from Sam and gave Williams
$60. He said: 'There is only $60 here; it
should be $85. If you don't get the rest
I'll have your brother arrested.' I went to
a friend and borrowed $25. My friend and
I sat together smokine, and Williams
came along and I paid him the $25. Wong
Kew Gim, my friend, was present when I
paid this money in the basement barber
shop at 806 Washington street."
Under cross-examination Ying statpd
that he was at San Jose when his brother
arrived. Two days later he received a
letter telling him to come to San Fran
cisco, and shortly after arriving here he
met Williams and Wong Sam. The wit
ness said to Sam that his family name was
Wong, and Lyman Mowry, for tbe de
fense, caught Ching on this statement, bnt
Ching, smiling blandly, replied, "I said
my family name is Cbing."
Wong Sam asked Ching why he had
come from San Jose, and what did Wil
liams want with him. Ching remarked it
was to land his brother. He repeated the
conversations he had with Williams re
garding the landing of Hung. Williams
cautioned him against having Wong Sam
in the case, and Ching replied he had
given Sam the money. Later, on Novem
ber 12, he offered William? $60 in the bar
ber-shop in the presence of Ah Fat, the
barber, but Williams refused it, and
threatened to arrest Ching's brother,
Hung. According to the witness, this
threat brought him to time, and lie bor
rowed the balance and paid Williams $85.
"Who took you to Major Moore's office
to make an affidavit?" Mr. Mowry asked.
"Wong Sam. I did not know the way,
and asked him to show me the office."
The witness stated that Wong Sam was
the official interpreter before Major
Moore. Ching also testified before the
Grand Jury, but he said it was not at the
request of Wong Sam, only his direction.
Mr. Mowry asked if the witness had not
been paid by Wong Sam to testify and
been instructed by Sam as to how he
should testify on cross-examination, but
got only exasperatingly evasive or nega
tive replies.
Barclay Henley for the prosecution
wanted to know wbat was the drift of this
course of questions.
"To shew tnat Wong Sam is at the head
and front of all these cases," said Attorney
Coogan of counsel for the defense, "we are
showing it slowly and surely all through
this case."
Wong Kew Gim testified that he loaned
$25 to Ching Ying in November in the bar
ber-shop. He saw Ying pay it to Wil
liams. The witness next swore that the
money was paid to an "American boy."
He failed to identify Williams in court.
The case was continued until Monday
morning.
Mystic Argonauts.
The Mystic Argonauts of Hesperian Parlor
No. 137, N. S. G. W.. will give an entertainment
and dance at Mission Parlor Hall, on Seven
teenth street, this evening.
An excellent programme has been arranged
and an enioyabie time Is assured. A special
feature of the entertainment will be the pres
entation of the banner by the Argonauts to the
parlor.
The programme of the evening Is as follows :
Overture, orchestra; vocal solo, Miss Lottie
Crawford; specialties, Miss laa Wyatt; vocal
solo, Carl Seely; mandolin and guitar selec
tions, Professor Joe Moore and pupils; trio
from the opera "Atilla" by Verdi; German
specialties, Frank and Roberts; presentation
oi banner from Mystic Argonauts to Hesperian
Parlor by Brother John Schroth of Yerba
Buena Parlor; dancing.
A CLEVER CAPTURE.
Two Burglars Seen Leaving a House on
Eddy Street Are Followed
and Arrested.
Two burglars, who are snspected of be
ing the men who have been working hotels
and lodging-houses recently, were cleverly
captured yesterday afternoon by Detective
Graham and Policeman Jerry Dinan.
They are Frank Winn, an ex-convict, and
Joe Voisuett, who was one of the sur
vivors of the sealing schooner C. G. White,
which was wrecked in the Arctic Ocean
about a year ago.
Graham was standing on Eddy street,
between Mason and Powell, yesterday
afternoon, when he noticed Winn and
Voisne,tt acting in a suspicious manner.
He saw Winn enter the lodging-house, 11
Eddy street, and return in a few minutes
with a bundle under his arm.
They walked to Powell street and north
on Powell, followed by Graham, as far as
California street, when he tackled Winn,
who is the taller of the two. Dinan was
close at hand and soon the two burglars
were overpowered and the handcuffs put
on them.
When searched at the City Prison a
number of skeleton keys and apiece of
candle were found in Winn's pockets.
The bundle contained a suit of clothes.
PEDDLERS ORGANIZE.
They Intend Devising Means by Which
They Cannot Be Harassed by
the Police.
Meyer Bloom presided at a meeting of
the Peddlers' Protective Association last
evening at Irish-American Hall. A. Bloom
officiated as secretary.
A couple of hundred itinerant merchants
were in attendance to devise ways and
means to secure better legislation in the
interest of their calling.
Fred McGregor and John Kenney, the
two police court attorneys who have de
fended the peddlers recently when ar
rested for selling their wares without
license, directed the motions and resolu
tions of the erening.
A committee, consisting of Louis He
roia, John Kramer and Thomas Gibbens,
was appointed to secure donations of
funds from downtown merchants to assist
in the cause.
H. Munter, John Kramer and Michael
Nealon were appointed a committee on
headquarters.
The following were appointed on tne
advisory committee: H. Munter, J. O'Con
nor and Ernest Lang.
Arbitration and grievance committee —
E. Lang, John Nellman, John Reardon,
Louis Herola and H. Harris.
• — ♦ — ♦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Andrew B. McCreery to Walter A. McCreery. lot |
on N line of McAllister street, 96:10 Vi W of
Baker, W 25 by N 87:6; $10.
Ann Murrin to Catherine Bargaden, lot on W :
line of Fair Oaks street, 246 Sof Twenty-third, S 1
30 by W 117-.6; girt.
Emil Gunzburger to Columbia Building and |
Loan Association, lot on E line of Diamond street,
35 N of Elizabeth, N 20 by E 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Twenty-third
street, 100 E of Diamond, E 26 by S 114: £iO.
Jean A. Or Adrian Larrioaud to Kdward J. Le '
Breton, 10l on N line of Pacific street, 109:10 E of j
Dupont, B 20 by N 137:6: $10.
George A. and Mary A. Brown to James S. j
Cowan, lot on S line of Green street, 137:6 W of
Jo:ies, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Frederick and Caroline Z. Ruhland to Emily E.
Barstow, lot on SE lin a of Park Lane North street,
282 sW of Second. SW 44, SE 97:6, NE 20, SE 6
Inches, NE 24, NW 9fi; *10.
Peter McNamara to Solomon Getz. lot on E line
of Ninth avenue, 276 N of Point Lobos, N 25 by
E 120: «10.
Delos and Harriet A. Pratt to M. J. Chapln, lot
38. block 2s, Lakevlew: $10.
John W. Smitli to Salomon Ducas, lots 575 and
677, Gift Map 1; $10.
Miguel, Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
Splivaio to David H. Wiison, undivided ifa of lot
17, block 1, and lot 42, block 52, City Land Asso
ciation; $10.
Patrick and Hannah Dcnlon to George M. WMlson,
lot on N line of Merritt street, 25.06 W of Hattie.
W 2508. N 70.31, E 25.18, S 69. being lot 2, block
C, Park Lane lract: $10.
Thomas and 4nn Breeu to Frederick R. Webster,
loi on N corner of Ocean House road and Delaware
avenue, NE 38:6, NW 255, SW 40:3, SE 259. E
to Deginning, being SW half of lot 10, block 33,
West End Map 1; $10.
Henry J. and Cat-he A. Collins to Mark L. Me-
Cord, lot 58, bloak 3, as per map of "subdivision
No. 1, Castro-street Addition," recorded October
29, 1895, book 1 of maps, page 198; $10.
ai.ameda county.
Joseph and Jane Brandenstein to Ricardo Do
minquez, lot on S line of Santa Clara avenue,
116.U4 E of Caroline street, E 37.85, s 123:314.
W 30.30. N 46, W 7. N 78.07 to Deginning, being
lot 1, the E 7 feet lots 2 and 3 and E 7 feet of N
18 feet of lot 4, block B, Map of a portion of the
orijinftl Vischer Tract, Alameda: $10.
Joseph and Harriet Northey to Leela B. Davis
and Lizzie M. Bryan, lot on S line of Ninth street,
75 E of Brush. E 60 by S 100, being lots 9 and 10,
block 94, quitclaim deed, Oakland ; $10.
Leela B. Davis and Lizzie M. Bryan to Joseph
and Harriet Norther, lot on N line of SiE>ps.on
avenue. B'A'S W of Telegraph, W 36, N 112.66, E
315 S 112.65 to beginning, being portion of lots 24 ]
and 25, Simpson Tract, quitclaim de*d, Oakland; 1
«10.
John A. and Clara E. Jones to Paul Goldsmith,
lot on W lino of Park street, lOl.l&'N of Valdez,
N 25. 9,W 94.53, S '25, E 9068 tobeginnine, being
lot 26, block 25, North Alameda Tract, to correct
former deed of August 7, 1896, East Oakland;
$10.
Pacific Coast Porax Company to Pacific Borax
and Redwoods and Chemical Works (Limited) of
London. England, lot on SW corner of Manzanlta
and Hay streets. B 200, W 210 to Bay of San Fran
cisco, thence N 210 to South Manzanita street,
thence E '250 to beginning, Alameda: $1000.
G. W. and Alice D. Carrick to otto F. yon Rboln.
lot on W !inp of Spruce street, 180 S of Rose, W
134:7 by S 90. b-ing lot 8 and N half of lot 9, T. M.
Antisell's Map of Villa lots, Berkeley; $10.
William J. Laymance to Bradford Webster, lots
10, Hand 12, block 4, Warner Tract, Berkeley
Township; $10.
William M. and Mary E. de Wolf to George L.
ltolaud, lot 12, block|F, corrected map Nicol Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mollie C. and J. H. Kobinson to William J. Lay
mapce, lot on NW corner of Mountain View ave
nue and Walnut street, W 150 by N 140, being
lots 7, 8 and 9, block 8, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Annie and John Brommer to James S. Barmore,
lot on N line of St. .Mary street. 62:3 W from SW
corner of block I, and in Haight street W 62:3, N
360, E 62:3, S 350 to beginning, being portion of
Haight street and 44:6 feet of lots 3, 4, 7 and 8,
block H, J W. Kottlnger's plan of town of
Pleasanton, Murray Township; $2100.
James 8. Barmore to Nancy W. Barmore, same,
Murray Township; sifl.
Julius J»uf it to Edward J. Vogel, beginning 100 |
8 from B line of East Twenty-first street and
151.92 W from West Twenty-third avenue. E
151.92, S 52.65. W 16a60. N 50 to beginning, being
portion of lot 5, block D, subd Ivislon of 50 Asso
ciases' Jract, East Onkland; $10.
E. L. and vmy L. Hotchkiss to L. M. Adams,
lots 12 and 13, block D, Broadway Terrace Tract
(quitclaim deed), Oakland Township; $10.
Annie M. Whitney to Abbott L. Whitney, be
ginning at NW corner lands or Bechtel, thence 8
along E line of Fruitvale avenue 100, SE 380 to E
line of lands of Brassy, thence NE 100 to 8 line of
lands of Redmans, thence NW 380 to beginning
(quitclaim deed), Brooklyn Township: 91200.
Builders' Contracts.
Sarah Snow with s. T. Crawford, to erect a
frame building on N line of Haye* street, 212:6 W
of Lyon, i>33i; J. G. Hull, architect.
Edward McLaughlin with D. B. Munroe, wood
worK, millwork, etc., for a building on S line of
Mission street, 350 E of Eighth, $2670: Charles
Geddes, architect.
Edward Bartnett with John 'Hood, to erect a
two-story frame building on N line of Page street,
81:3 S of Cole, $3620; K. S. McNally, architect.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
■ight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock. I*
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
:-. : .. NOTICE OF MEETINGS. ;
f^S» "• EXCELSIOR DE7ißEE~~^_iSar~
EE^e'; Lodge No. 2, 1. O. O. F.-Regu- i^^Sg^.
lar meeting THIS EVENING. ; Third "^"<S?S»
degree will be conferred. v ; v '^y/n\ <^~ --■:
•-.-.•" ■:.■— '.' A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M. ; i
err^s= ■■- EIGHTEENTH ANa UAL TAR-v-J^TI
wr*-£r i get shooting and picnic ■ of the Aus-f&Sj&is !
trian Military and Benevolent Association J&'T^gf
at Shell Mound Park, BerkeIey, SUNDAY," VT^5 T
August 23, 18H6. Tickets 6<:c: ladies free. *
ft - • 3 THE COMMITTEE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896^
CHURCH NOTICES.
B_S= SIM^SOnIt—EMOKI AirrMETHODIST
t-*^ " Episcopal Church. : corner .' Hayes and :■ Bu-
chanan < Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 1 Haight ! street.'. Preaching at : 11 a. m.
and 7 :45 p' M. The % pastor s will i preach '•• at both
services. Subject," at 11 a. m.,' ''Christian Prayer";
at 7:45 p. m., "A Fatal ' Deficiency." .' "Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. M..C. B. Perkins superintendent:
Epworth League service at 6:45 p. m. „ The public
cordially invited to I all the services of this church.
Seats free. ' Ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. : '-."> '.'■ .-
«£— < HOWARD-ST. M. E. -. CHURCH, BE-
iw--^ tween * Second and ' Third -streets,' two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
pastor; Martin Sch'ultz, « musical: director: W. F.
Gibson. Sunday-school superintendent. Hours of
public services: ill a. m. and 7:45 p.m. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
ing. Epworth League 6:46 Sunday even! Morn-
Ing sermon by tne \ pastor. Evening sermon by
Rev. Dr. Birch,' late "supply at Calvary i Presbyte-
rian Church. Church telephone black 96L .*.-;.,• - .
aK®=« . CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
BE— ' Church, Mission • St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth—The ' pastor. . Dr. E. ;R. Dille, will : preach
morning and evening.- Morning subject, "I Know
That My Redeemer Lives." Evening subject, '-Sold
Out— a Solemn Warning to Young Men." Sunday-
school (R. •V. : Watt, superintendent) at 1 p. m.
Young People's Society of Christian : Endeavor
(two meetings), 6:30 p.m. Midweek prayer-meet-
ing Wednesday evening. All welcome. •■ Pastor's
residence, 1210 Mission st. ' ■;"" '""'■■
Bt_g- : HOWARD PKESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
W~£f corner of Oak and - Baker sts. ' (entrance to
panhandle of Golden Gate Park)— Rev. F. R. Far-
rand pastor Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.m.
Sabbath-school at 9:30 a. m. Y.P. &C. E at 6:30
p. m. ' Prayer-meeting ; Wednesday at 7:45 p. m.
Miss Pear; Noble leadt-r of s. S. orchestra. Choir:
Mme.de Seminario, Mrs- Maud Chappelle Henley,
J. H. Toler. C. H. Hoeg. William J?. Hooke or-
ganist and musical director.' ; Strangers cordially
welcomed. To-morrow and Monday evenings,
August 23 and 24, Professor J. W. Kelchner will
exhibit his beautiful model of the Tabernacle of
Israel, whtch cost $15,000, and explain its various
parts. ■'■ '■ ■■--■' . ,".■-■ - ■- -.. : , '-.- '■-': . --" " ■'"" : ■
*^S= FIRST <'- UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
**■&. Church (Tabernacle), Golden Gate aye. and
Polk St.— Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., pastor. Ser-
vices 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Young People's ser-
vice at 6:45 P. m. The pastor will preach at both
services. Subject for ' the evening, "The Sunday
Newspaper." Cordial Invitation to all. , Seats free.
Wpgs" FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
Ib—* cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor; Rev. Kdwin Hart
Jenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. m. Rev. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:45 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. M. "? Young People's
Society j of ; Christian .=; Endeavor at : 6:30 p. ,m.
Prayer-meeting .Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
All are welcome to these services. -./...■ >
JP_S= > FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST.,
tS-JC. near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. August 1896. Preaching
by President T. G. Bronson at 11 a. m., and at
7:30 p. m. by the pastor; subject, "The Enfran-
chised SouL" Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m. Y. P.
S. of C. E. at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-meeting, Wednes-
day evening. All these services are open to the
public. Strangers are welcome.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I^^^^rTgT^Ts^s^orTf^aTr^moved
m~*r his offices to 22ya Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
tt_ss=> BAD TENANTS* EJECTED FOR $4;
•S^ 6^ collections • made, city 'or country. - Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Monteiy st.: room 6. Tel. 5580.
■ESS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
OrJ? Law and Collection Office, 1023 Markets-
g_^~" DR. BAYER REMOVED HIS OFFICE
BF-*^ to 14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
R. HANSEN &:CO , 110 GEARY ,
. furnish the best : family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed : telephone Grant 185. 5 '. ■'
TDOOKKEEPER— YOUNG LADY WITH SOME
Xt experience desires situation; also correct
stenographer and typewriter: city or country; po-
sition respectfully solicited: salary $6 per week;
best references. Address L. D , box 89, call Office.
■pELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
x\- the day; washing, ironing or cleaning: bring
up infant on the bottle or take cure of I sick I per-
son: terms $1 a day. Call or address 100 Jones st.
TNTELLIGENT, REFINED LADY WISHES
J. position care Invalid or superintend bouse,
Call of address 27b Pearl st., off Market. •,•'.'
Air ANTED — BY ELDERLY GERMAN
»T woman, position as working housekeeper; city
or country. -13 Langton St.. below Harrison.
IDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES A POSITION
lil as working housekeeper; good cook and
seamstress. Address A. M., Oakland Office Call,
903 Broadway. . , . ,- . -
POSITION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
person as infant's nurse; is a fine se&mstress;
city or country. Adaress C. M., 1106 Mason at. : ;
IRST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS WOULD LIKE
work to do at home; tailor system; terms rea-
sonable. 1113% Howard St., between 7th and Bth.
r\ ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION IN
VJT German family to do general housework. - Ad-
dress H. 8., box 18. Call Office.
A' OUNG GERMAN. WOMAN WISHES POSI-
-1 tion to do general housework in small family.
Address G. G., box 127, Call Office. - : .. -. ■■.-. ■•-.- <■■.
T ADY WOULD LIKE PLAIN SEWING AND
xJ mending. Call at 821 Mission st,. roo :> 3.
I*7 OMAN WANTS SEWING OF ANY- KIND;
ii also cleans and presses clothes, 114 Fourth
St., room 15. 3XBf&BKB£BSf£RS&SXIB§b
~l>Y FIRST-CLASS .SWEDISH COOK IN PRI-
X) vate family. .Address 1339 Pine st.
AT OUNG GERMAN GIR_ ; WISHES TO DO
*1 ' general housework and cooking. Writ* 1 Ato
LENA MILLER, 136 Flooi aye.. Sunnyside, city.
V'OUNG CREOLE WIDOW WITH A CHILD
1 wishes a position as housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Call or address 917 Market, r. 19, second floor.
ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
the day washing, ironing, : bouseclean'ng.
Address 380 Lexington aye., nr."Twenty-flrst st. i
WANTED— RELIABLE WOMAN : WISHES
"» position as janitress in a lodging-house; wages
low. Address S. D., box 93, Call Office. •
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
vT day to do washing, ironing or housecleaning.
12 Tehania St., rear. • .
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
ii washing or cleaning house. 409 Lou st.
yOtJNO FRENCH WIDOW WISHES~SITUA-
X tion as cook; French or German preferred."
110 Sixth st., room 10. :"•''>»*'■■':■"- '.-■'
WEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
O housework. Apply 1135 Florida st. :
"VT OUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
x housekeeper In lodging-house or hotel: city or
country. Address ' Housekeeper, 1148 Sutter st.,
third floor, room 85. : .. / v -• ■: .'"■;
EXPERIENCED WIDOW DESIRES A POSI-
X\i tion as housekeeper • in widower's family . or
hotel. Apply 10 to 5 only, 1007 Market st.
OUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
J. typewriter. Room 9, 122 Post st., second floor.
OMAN wants work BY THE DAY:
• washing or housecleaning. Address 259
Stevenson st. :.. ; . :'.. :• v .• " - • ' -- : ■;;-■.-,
ITUATION ; WANTED BY A YOUNG GIRL
to assist in housework; .willing; and able to
work. - Call 1031 Minna st. : •= . :;:;:v,v
L'NGLISH PROTESTANT WOMAN DESIRES
Xv work by the day or week; can fill place of any
servant who may be leaving in a hurry: under-
stands . all j kinds of | housework: has I worked | for
some of the best families in - this city: can furnish
good references. Address Woman, box 17, Call. ;■■;.
\\! INCHES iER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
ii Market: 200 rooms: 25c to; $160 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the frrrv. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
HUNTER <sT~CcC~CH : INESB~AN rJ~JA PA^
nese employment office, 17 •'- Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sutter st. ; ; tel. Grant 3O."V :; ;.?i'V-:'
/CHINESE 'AND -T JAPANESE , RELIABLE
Vhelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEYACO., 640 Clay.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
XJ office; best heln. 414y 3 O'Farrell: tel. K. 4S&
"VTERY ;; RELIABLE AND , STEADY MAN
: V wishes situation in private family in this city;
understands the care and driving . of i horses and Is
also a cood gardener; and ; handy; man generally;
best of references. >• Address L. A., box 87, Call. * ..
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MA-
chlnist ' ; (Swiss) in > machine ; or : repair ', shop;
country .-; town : preferred: i speaks '■ and writes Eng-
lish fluently. Address T. E., box 94, this office.*,;,
INGLE ENGLISHMAN WANTS SITUATION
O as milker and : butter-maker; understands the
care of thoroughbred cattle. Address C. HEWITT,
679 Third St., Oakland. ;;
T^NGINEER, COMPETENT MECHANIC,
Xli wants position; experienced on air compressor,
hoisting, traction and - pumps: ■ references. Ad-
dress I. B.KILGORE, Concord, CaL. ' O!
ANTED— EXPERIENCED BARKEEPER,
who : speaks :■ English, - French' and ■ German,
wants situation: ? good , city reference. C. BACK-
OFF, 308 Andover aye. - . .. , ,-\.: ,
A RTKNDER-P. iSITION AS ABSI>TANT
bartender in first-class saloon : wages no object
to start with. Address B. T., box 98, Call Ofhce. y
OOK— SOBER YOUNG MAN (DANE) WITH
experience, • wishes a > situation. Address -C,
box 94. Call Office. '/._.; , ■..'.;-'■ ..'.:-:-■,■; '■;-:■■, --;.'-.;„
JAPANESE .BOY WISHES POSITION AS
O i cook, v light > housework ; ' best ? references. 63
Minna St., in rear. t':^.: ..,/;.;: ; ,: -,. .; ■;£ ■;.;: ■',.'; ";
PESPECTAISLK, * HONEST, - SOBER, R--
IV sponsible middle-aged German wishes to travel
with gentleman or private family as a faithful ser-
. van ; see more of good treatment than of much
wages. Address FRED iISCHER. 611 Pine st.
At home every day i from : 4 ' .'to 6 1 o'clock evenings
and at 8:30 o'clock at night. fr; 4 ':" :•:;■;. ■;;».;:.::
L'TLER AND VALET— YOUNG IRISHMAN,
XJ just arrived; from, the ? East: can furnish first-
class - references : '- age <20 i years; ■ height r6 * feet 7
Inches; wages moderate to obtain a situation. Ad-
dress Butler, 1 810 Harrison st. a :; .': . V. . '-':"- -.;
AN AND ,r; WIFE, ; GOOD ; COOKS, 7AVISH
work lit hotel, ". restaurant* or > boarding-house;
understand French, German itnd American cook-
Ing. Address 309 Sutler: si., room lO.f;*; V.\r- ,: £
X OUNGs MANS (I9 iYEARS),! RESIDING AT
5 • - home, wishes situation of any kind in the city.
Call or address ; 124 * Wildey st (upstairs), off Fill-
more, bet. Bush and Pine. -- :■'■■, ;■ .; ••■.
•y OUNG MAN, 24. WISHES POSITION IN IN-
r x stituiion or ', private family.; -Address W. ? P.,
box 95, Call Office. -, v
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continued.
: y^OV^GiTARRtEO^^WISEiES > A^ : ?^mD
X of ? work; night watchman or drive delivery
wagon -i preferred. Address T. S., box 80, this
■ office. ?.-,-,.:' •:'.:■:.-.•:-. -y~y :; : • ■■•■/■■ v, _:.-.-: M- .~\? r i : i}
ELIABLK YOUNG : GERMAN WANTS
work to drive delivery wagon, porter, waiter or
1 any other kind lof work; good references. .-Ad-
dress It. H., box 98, Ca11. , : ' '■>, ". O?  :.'■
iV, SCANDINAVIAN YOUNG MAN TO :DO
S'.',' general -york ? .with- private <■ family; - care for
horses, cows, do gardening, etc. } Scandinavian and '
German ? Employment ", Bureau, 921 •% Broadway,
room 17, Oakland.;' > ..'■'-■;^■/■';.;; ; ;.\V.. 1 ;:■-' ';■■■-:.;
MAN AND WIFE AS FIRST-CLASS BUTLER
or valet; wife first-class housekeeper or maid ; ,
dity or . country; : best of references. ■> Address G., ■
box 74, Call Office, c ;/
ANI«H YOUNG MAN WANTS A POSITION
as ; asslstan. - in store or office: % understands
bookkeeping and is a good penman; wages no ob-
ject. AUdress S. M., box 102, Call Office. V;:, :T,
ITUATION WANTED BY? EXPERIENCED
baker; - : cake and ornamentor. Coll G. F., 921
. Mission 5t. .. ;- ; ;;: r,.: : >-; 1 :' /- -r *'.-:•;;;.- ; '''-7" .;;■".
BY GENERAL BLACKSMITH, WORK, ANY
kind: also sharpen drill. "•' Address 831 Jacx-
son St.. G.R. GIRRARD. ..' :T- ".:••■"-: it'U 5 !
TAPANESE BUTLER WANTS SITUATION
O In private family; : has . dress coat; long experi-
ence; can also do flrst-ciass French cooking. Please
address H. S. M., box 49, Call Office. , ■ ;: :
/COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
XJ engineer and machinist desires position. r Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Marketst., S. F., Cal.:: :.
SITUATION: AS VALET v AND
handy man around the house: references In
city. = Address 1909 Polk St., J. B. HIRST. ..■.-•>:
URSE OR VALET TO INVALID GENTLE-
1> man: gives massage - treatment; - well recom-
mended.v; Address J.K , box 116, Call Office. ..
\\i INCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
ii. Market— lights ■In every « room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every ■ room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and bacgage to and from the ferry.
yODNO BARBER WOULD LIKiS A STEADY
1 job at once. Address 1122 Turk st. .
female help wanted.
aTjt^d^Tr^tXl^^~^R^nljh~ir6n-
er. $2 a day; German or French nurse and
seamstress, $20; French nurseglrl, $16; cook and
downstairs • work, $25 ; chambermaid and wait-
ress, 7 private i boarding house, $20; first-class
American cook, country, $20. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton st. --; . . '-^ :".:..
TJTANTED-GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
ii, cook, :no wash, $30; 5 Irish, German • and
Scandinavian second girls, in city and country,
$20 and $25: 2 nurses, $20; 4 ironers in laundry:
Protestant cook and laundress, $25; 4 cooks, Ger-
man style, $25 and; $30: 2 colored girls for cook-
ing and housework, $20 and $25t waitress, $5
week; 2 cooks in restaurant; and others. J. F.
CROKETT & CO., 312 Sutter st. :
2 HOTEL WAITRESSES, COUNTRY, $20; 2
waitresses, springs, open all winter, $20; laun-
dresses, country hotels, $25; waitress, st. Helena,
$15. C. R. HANSEX & CO., 110 Geary st. .;
i) SHAMPOOERS. OR WOMEN WILLING TO
: & leara for , body-rubbing in ladies' department,
Turkish baths. C. R. " HA>SEN & CO., 110 Geary.
Q NEAT GIRLS' FOR HOUSEWORK, CITY,
*-> cal' eaily, $20; 7 German and Scandinavian
girls, $20 aDd $25 : • good girl I for housework, Ari-
zona, no washing, 2 in family, $25, see party here:
young girls, $10 and $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. : '■'■■* --:. .'.,' '.••.-- ■ -■■'■'■>-■'-■.■- T'.' \'' : '■ ■. -.y
"MEAT REFINED YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
1> housework; $15; 2 in family. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
pi ERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, $25.
VT MISS CULLEN', 323 Sntter St. ■
/IIRLFOR A RANCH, $20. MISS CULLEN,
XX 323 Sutter at. . ■■ : ,
IRISH KITCHENMAID, $-0. MISS CULLEN,
fc23 Sntter st. "'-'.-.'
/I ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK, $80. MISS
VT CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. • '- '■■ - - - ■
WAITRESS AND PARLORMAID, $25. MISS
™» CULLEN, 3-3 Sntter St.
DEFINED NURSE: ONE CHILD; $16. MISS
XX CULLEN, 323 Slitter st. .
WAITRESS, SMALL COUNTRY HOTEL, $i'o;
11, middle-aged r woman for chamberwo'k and
care of children. $16? 4 waitresses, different coun-
try hotels, $_0 each. MURRAY. & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SWEDISH COOK FOR MILL VALLEY, $15
0 to $20 and room; cook for small hotel, $20
and room: laundress, small hotel, $25 . and room, :
see party here; wai.ress, $-0 and room; cook and
laundress, $45 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket st. ;- : ;. -....., . ." -..:'-■:/'-
-yy' ANTED— PARTIES seeking employ-
ment, who can furnish good references, to call at
The Evening Post's People's Exchange, 659 Mar-
ket st , and learn our method of aiding them in
securing positions. * ; ' ;
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
X who understands Gorman cooking; family of 9;
good opportunity to learn dressmaking. 980 Post.
"\r OUNG LADY OF~GOOD ADDRKSS TO AS-
X slsr in housework : good - home to right party.
Address A. 8., box 88. this Office.
YOUNG GIRL* ABOUT 16 TO DO LIGHT
X housework; ,: $8 and a good home. 171 San
Carlos aye.
he McDowell, largest and best, in
fact the only first-class, dressmaking school on
tne coast. Patterns 25c up. ■;. 636 Market st. ■_;
p ERMAN COOK FOR -JEWISH REsTAU-
VX rant; no others need apply. 916 Howard st. ;
T EAT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
-L I housework; wages $10. 914 a Larkin s:.
IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
positions. Employment Office, 306 Mason st. - 1
WANTED— GIRL 12 TO 14 YEARS OLD:
ii. good permanent home; : orchard near Santa
Clara; will be treatea as a member of family; want-
ed for company and lijfht work; fare paid. Address
M-RS. H. HEN TON, San Jose, Williams road.
WANTED— BY A BUSINESS HOUSE, A
woman that has filled position as forelaQy for
wholesale house.^Address C. F., box 47, Call.
TTOUSEKEEPER— WIDOW PREFERRED, TO
'■ XX care for invalid. M. *. MEtHAN, 830
Campbell st., Oakland.. :' :• ;■; .
I TRUNG YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, GEN-
kJ eral housework; good - home; $10 to $12. 1 522
■ Cappst.-;-' ■■■;■ ' : i* • - ':■.: '
• 1 A DIES TO LEARN HAIRDRKSSINO, MAN-
'XJ icuring, face treatment, etc. 131 Post st.
BUSINESS WOMEN', SOME CAPITAL, CAN
make money rapidly. ; Call 131 Post, room 21.
, "yOUNG LADY WANTED AS . COMPANION:
1 X must : speak Parisian French; good .musician;
, good references. Call for ' three days, room 70,
Palace Hotel, 4th floor, 9 to 1 2. ;' '-'■■■■-:■-. .■ ".■'.;. :-.•';-'■
WASTED-GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
work; care of 1 child ; wages $8. 13 ; Hyde.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
on fruit. Apply immedlately.CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES C 0.,; Brannan Bt., between Third
and Fourth.
IfiLYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS
;and underwear. 1 LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32y_
Fremoutst. .■ ' • .:.'.-:;, vl' : . . ;
AIRDRESSING. 250 - AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lee*ons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
TTAIR-D MESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
XX given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St., 105 9th.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLK;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
-00 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $8
' p"r '""k : frep 'hns and haggn-" to and from forrv. :
MALE - : HELP "WANTED. v
; MIDDLfT- ■ac'ed'cTaßDEN ErTnF UTUJTY
• lii man, country, $25 and found; blacksmith and
shoer, $40 and found: chore boy on ranch, $15;
, coal miners for Alaska; chore man, $10; second
1 cook. $8 60 a week. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and
■ 610 Clay st. f ; ;'-i'r^^.v-s.,c-;.:=y. ; <; ->f :;;.::;:?;.^;::.v
XT EAD WAITER FOR AN INSTITUTION. $40
XX to $45; 5 waiters for. an institution; butcher
for an institution;, pastry cook and baker,' hotel,
. $40. ; C. R. Ha N N & CO., 110 Geary st___£,
2 EXTRA HOSTLERS™ $I~A~ DAY AND
found ; t extra buggy-washer, $1 50 a ' day and
found:, free fare s both ways, for 1 first-class stable,
country. ;C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. ;
T ON FOR~ HOTEL LAUNDRY, COUNTRY,
x * $45 and found and free fare; marker,' country
laundry, aC. R. HAN S EN _ CO.; 10 Geary St. .
9A MORE RAILROAD LABORERS FOR THE
: -JV north: ■we ship to-day; ! no fee; I reduced rate.
C. R. HANBKN & C 0..110 Geary st.
■ \TEAT YOUNG MAN, CLEAN SHAVEN, AS
■ -L' second barkeeper; $40 and -board. C. R.
HANSKN _ CO.. 110 Geary st. : :
■ D EXTRA BARKEEPERS; ■ COUNTRY HO-
j <-> tel; ■ free fare $3 a day and fonnd. C. R. AN-
: SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.;;:;, ": : ; ;. :, - —;
i T?IRST-CLAS3iHEAD WAITER : COUNTRY
I JL' hotel. $50. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary.
aD S JOHNSON, TIIETBUTCHER, ■- PLEASE
r call. rC. R. HANSEN, 110 Geary st. ;:: 
: O£A v MORE MEN, BOYS, WOMEN AND
. OO\J, children to i pick hops; swe ship daily. For
full particulars and reduced railroad' fares call on
j MURRAY -. & v READY, Leading * Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. '.- ' ' ■-- '■:■-.
BLACKSMITH FORA SAWMILL, $35 : AND
found: paper-hanger, city job; gardener private
! family, $20: screwturner; circular-sawyer: hostler
and drive hack, $20 and found; farmer's; chore-
• man; 5 : ranch teamsters, $30 :> 20 tiemakers, 8c
. each; 10 laborers, $1 60 a day. MURRAY &
R. ADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
.; 636 Clay st- ..
5 IAKER, SECOND HAND, : CITY, . $26 AND
I* found: camp waiter, $25 ;> dishwasher, $25; 4
cooks. $30 to $b0; "3 : waiters, ; $30. MURRAY
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
■ 635 Clay st. -V: ..:•; :-";-'»; .-'.: ."-'-V' "■■ 'v-- i-VX.v'f:;
aV ANTED— COOK FOR HOTEL,. S4S: COOK,
■ t .l i.i plain,"* restaurant.l $10 ia\ week; i waiter, \ $30:
I dishwasher, $20: man to take care of horses, etc.,
; $15. etc. L. ANDRK, 316 Stockton at. ;.
H. J. LEWIS-PLEASE:CALL,«_OTEL\GA-
.;ZEITE office.;-;; v?-;: :' "",• .;..-:■;.:.--■;:>
f ■'; HELP WANTED— Continued^^^^
-nr iVTKn st TT T NNEL MEN.-$1 50"A' DA
_d boTrd; 3 coal miners, $1 0 "*?.
for country: wine-cellar man, $1 h d y *" 10 l^bor-
first-das, vineyard man. $35 and board: 10 labor
era for city, $1 75 ; day : * blacksmith wd w»m
wor er, $40 and found: hotel cook and^baker^ m
meat cook, $40; ranch cook. $15 ;_pantry man and
others. : Apply to J. sF. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. _____————— -
\\T ANTED-GOOD ' STRONG i 5°. V ' ( ,. Li y, 1 „£
■i W; with his parents, to learn " od trad«V $3 per
week at first. Apply to W. D. EWER <t CO., ()26
Clay st. r ,rj ■■'".'■ ■%..■:':. ~"~- r ~- .'■'■'■'■ ____—
-TVISHWASHER, $25 - AND ROOM, CALL
XJ early; y waiter, $6 a. week; young man for
kitchen work, $10 and room; young man for tauor-
shop, $5 a .week; cook, $40 and room, " mak-
■ TIN'S, 749 Market St. ':'■;■-".. -:,■.-'-".:.-"■ '"■-' . - ,
V(J ANTED— PARTIES SEEKING EMPLOY-
ment who can furnish good references 'to call at
The Evening Post's People's Exchange Bureau,
Market st., and learn our method of aiding
them In securing positions. ;./ ;.• ... '
: WANTED— IO : SCHOOLBOYS TO WORK
• i after school hours. - GOODFRIEND'S Retail
Pants Factory, 516 and 618 Market st.
ANTED — A THOROUGH CHILDREN'S
clothing salesman. Apply, with reference
only, at RAPHAEL'S. ; « X" ■:-" -;■ ' :\ ■ "- -'■'■'_
)\l\ ALE STENOGRAPHER TO GO INTO
111 country: state wages required. Address E..
box 69, this office. , '...'■,- ."'::.■■.-■■ ,
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
V^ shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 959
Howard st. • ; ;': „; ••.'•', -""--. ; : : ; s',
ANTED — RELIABLE ' MAN TO PUSH
»» quick selling grocery goods. Address A., box
4, Call Office. . -
AKBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
, 402 Brannan st. : ,; * . , - ; .
t> ARBER WANTED $dif SATURDAY; $8.
'.XJ 625 y 8 fourth st.
ARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
1630 Mission st. ; j - ■
13 ARBER .' FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY.
1211 Market st. : : , :
OOD ; BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 1481 Fifth st. , : ,: .
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS • BARBER FOR
Sunday morning. 1737^. Market st.
WANTED — FIRST - CLASS BARBERS;
work, y 207 Fourth st. . j
ANTED — GOOD BARBER FOR BATUR- I
day and Sunday. : 443 Broadway. — ■ - . - ...-^
0 BARBERS. 34 FOURTH STREET.
ANTED— SECOND COOK AT BER-
lln Restaurant, 249 Fourth st. ■ , c- ; . :.;
OUNG MAN T\> TRAVEL: MUST HAVE
$1:50 cash. Address L. 8., box 146, Call Office.
(JOY AGED 15, RESIDING WITH PARENTS;
Xi references. 114 Powell st. ;
OOD V AND SOBER: RESTAURANT COOK,
$23 and room per month. 8 Jackson st. :
WANTED- WAfTERT~YOCNG MAN WITH
some experience. ~ 202 Townsend st. - ■/ .
IP.ST - CLASS •-, FOREMAN ON BREAD;
r state experience references. S.. box 91, Call.
IS? ANTED— WAITER, 642 CLAY ST. ; CALL
.'I before 6a. m. : -^ r '
ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
TO ' GET A FIRST- RATE 16c MEAL FOR
only ■ 10c, many ladies ■ and gents go to the
Seattle; old patrons returning and others added.
137 Fourth st.
_________________________
\\r ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO WORK
■ ii for us day or evening at their homes; nice,
pleasant work; no canvassing: experience not
necessary. We pay salary. Send us your address.
STANDARD MANF'G CO., 142 W.23d, New York.
ffljOAA PARTNER WANTED; $65 MONTH
tJpOUU. and board. Business, box 60, Call. :
\\l ANTED — FAITHFUL PKRSON TO
ii travel: salary $780 and expenses: reference.
Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope, Presi-
dent, box P. Chicago. ■"-..'.<' • ' rj :
OARBER-SHOP, TWO CHAIRS, FOR SALE;
-D good location.*: 415 Hayes st. " v "
I \\t ANTED— TRAVELERS TO handle ON
j I' commission excellent specialties in men's fur-
i nishing goods In Montana, Utah, Colorado and
! New Mexico. ' ■;. Address J., box 89, this office. .
IJOOKKEEPER AND SHIPPING CLERK;
Xi must have $1000: good salary ; reference. Ad-
dress B. X., box 45, Call. - .< . ; . ,
\\r ANTED— AI CANVASSERS FOR LOS AN-
ii geles installment -business. Apply 1310
I Stockton st. ■ , ■ - :
NERGETIC MAN CAN EASILY MAKE SIOO
XU a month; $50 required. Apply 6 Eddy st-.'r. 31,
TEADY. RELIABLE MAN AS PARTNER IN
butcher-shop to attend cash * accounts : and de-
liver orders: $75 required. "._ 1018 Alabama st. ■
iiST 5c MEALS, WITH COFFKE, VEGETA-
bIes, potatoes, etc. 685 Clay st. -. \ ----- , .
j \jir ANTED— FOR THE UNITED : STATES
: ii Marine Corps, :U. S. . navy, able-bodied, un-
: married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years; .
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character : and ■ temperate habits; ' able -to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United (States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to -become ■ citizens will be
accepted: this important '-. branch \of the naval
service offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. CaL
ARBERs.' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
OAKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X) p. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
"lOUJKNKYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION.
•J So. 27. J. 8.U.A.. Emplmt Bureau, 102 Seventh'
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
_> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nl^ht 15c to
50c;wrek $1 to $2 60 ; read Ing- room -.strictest, atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
KN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: v LADIES, 40a ;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will _ Finck's.S.F-
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY. FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st.," near Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our mute, $2 50
and • $3: ladles', : gents' and children's nils— t and
cast-oft shoes bought or exchanged. :;,-.
• T ARGJKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand ; shoes to order, 93 50; hand-sewed
shoes, $5. 726% Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
it Market: 200 rooms. 26 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and lrora the ferry.
"U, r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
:-; 1 1 . some simple \ thine; ;to paten- ? } Protect your
ideas; - they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ CO.; D«>pt. L, Patent Attor-
. neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize otter
and list of 200 inventions wanted. , ...  • ■ <-,;
WANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 250
»' . night; $1 week. ; Rosedale, 321 Ellis st. : '■"•. "-:■
RY ACME "HOUSE, 957 ; MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a . night: $1 a week.
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
X i sts. ; single furnished rms 7 fie week, 16c ni^lit.
a— OVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
»':CJay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
1 / \f\ MEN TO TAKE = LODGING AT 10c, 15c
JA'U and 200 a night, including coHea ana rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny-. : i ... - c .
EST IN CITY- -SING < E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and'Leldesdorff sts. : _
ANTED— LABORERS , AND " MECHANICS
' to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno : House proprie-
tor," still, runs ' Denver :. House, 217 « Third st. ; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. : -
\\T ANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
v If - ~«ek; < rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. : 36 Clay st. , .: :„.
T3OOMS isc TO 76c PER NIGHT; 600 TO $1 50
:X\> per week. % Oriental, 225 Drumm st. ■ v . .: j
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keen it.'..-;'— **. ' - :: , ;
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers.tclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
ANTED— MEN .TO * LKARN BARBER
"I trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and |
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
"Mr E ARK : SHOE . DOCTORS; *■> WE 'i REPAIR
ii your od shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait; ladies' soleiug, nailed 85c; men's
soleing,' nailed 50c. ;?: machine-sewed 75c.; • hand-
sewed 65c: * fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth | their value, from 25c. up to
! $2 60. i 662 Mission at., bet. First and Second. ■
• AGENTS WANTED. pj:\:
S'^AL^f^A!f{oF,ao6D''AVOßKtia^6?HAS^
die j first-class J article. 23 ' Davis at.; room 1 32.
"EXPERIENCED SOLICITORS, MALE OR FE-
J_ male, s3 a day easy. 621 '-an Pablo ay. .Oakland
iir c WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
»t and women to represent the ; "Ladies' Home
JournaL" Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., ». F.
A GENTS! BRYAN, : WALL; AND t FREE
1 :'2\. silver; S McKlnley, i Hobart ? and ;> protection ; ;
every voter will buy one or the other; do you want
the profit? ; ; T. PERSON.'; Manager , Subscription
Department The Wbitaker & Ray C 0.,723 Market.
\;.-; : : ; ; -;;T. HOUSES "WANTED. '.--;/.. --:,;'
i TIJTANTED— AV^VrYT^frAQE^OB^ISw^B.
i » . flat, 4or 5 rooms and bath * and yard," north of
; Market . st. ; ? rent t not- exceeding < $15. Address
Cot-age, box 97, Call '-fflce.' •" ..'■.» : " ':: -■■■'■'■ *,
% -/-.,; 'fy. ROOMS WANTED. '; [
yva^elTs^erlTmTnTslt^r^a^tlstTa
room in private family in exchange I for paint-
ing; j best of references •■ required and given. ■; Ad-
dress C. R., box 74, Call Office. »:v- ;:; v-: , •
ANTED-2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
L.»ii«bet. Eighteenth and Twenty-second, Howard
and Guerrero sts. ;* state j terms ; and particulars.
'H. H., box 95. ' Call Office. 'i-;. i^: : vv ; ..-..•:..
ANTED-2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
»» i light housekeeping, between Post and Market,'
Larkln and Mason stg. H. H. H.; box: 7; Call Office.
MONEX WANTED.
TtTIDOW, TEMPORARILY EMBARRASS IS D,'
ii,. wishes ! a " loan : will : pay good , : interest ; good
security. W. T., box 42, Call. ; : *
I WANTEI>-BnSCEIiI,ANEOUS.
T^ARGE^SIZED TRU^KT^USTTBirKTooOD
XJ condition; cheap." Address Trunk, box 97, Call.
\\T ANTED— MEDIUM-SIZED SAFE ; STATE
'1 1 price and make. Adaress Safe, box 34," Call.
mo EXCHANGE — HIGH-GRADE , BICYCi-E
X for double lense camera or high-power micro-
scope. '. ..Address S. 8,, box 87 Call Office. ,: : :,>'<;;
Y^LD 1 GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-
\J ry. watches repaired. MUND, 1133^_ Mission.
_LL YOUR; BOOKS. 'i:U)I'UIK« AND JKW -:
elrv to A.'KLKIN: 109 six-'- ■»:.:; send post—'
~~~~ bicycles.
F" /^wljer~a^d^e*^7b7^soT^en^ur
tandem. Tribune t#idem, gcod as new, $100;
all above '96. ; DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
L-'OR : SALE-NEW 1896 BIC /CLE; $30.
J DAVID N. HA WLEY, 318 Market st.
U AROAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
I > single wheels. 306 Po3tst. ;
'DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO l_T;
X best accommodations. Terminus , Geary, Mo-
Aliister and Powell st. car lines. ■■ ■ ■ ■:*'-■--■■ r~ :
FOB < SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
O~~LD FA^SfION BICYCLE7~SEIfi ' OWNER",
C. P. Lodging-house, 6 Market St., 6 to S p. _. I
OILERS.ENGINEb,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
waterpipes. Mclntosh <fc Wolpman. 137 Beale.
A' LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. ' j 8. -V Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
LEG ANT BAR, COUNTER AND FIXTURES,
plate glass, panels, etc.; cheap. 525 Valencia.
LEG ANT $175' SEALSKIN CAPE FOR $80
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OKA AAA SECOND-HAND BRICKS,
_jOU. UUU cleaned or unclean, In any size lots;
also second-hand lumber, good as new. large or
small timbers. Apply lot NW. corner Eighth and
Harrison sts. .. *
OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER: ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. 6ANFORD,
415 Washington si. ; ■'' . ': . -,.■■-■■-■■■ -*.-:'-■' ■
HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINK EN-
glne: good as new; $90. Apply 216 Bay st. ;
OARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
XJ ing, eta, bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 809 C—
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th — Btn.
. UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHE3
' > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE isMALL MEDIUM. AND LARGE SIZH
fire and bnrglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market si.
IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER 7
press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
7VT EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1> hand. W. & RAY Mfg Ca, 12 California st.
SEWING MACHINES.
QEWING-MACHINES RENTED; $1 60 PER
0 month; sola on tempting terms to suit times.
New Home sewing-Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. ■ -06 Fourth St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
RA^G^TN7^T_INwTY~?rANoTSx^
ijplO. eel lent order, on easy terms. 221 Leaven-
worth st. - ' '
/CLEARANCE SALE-HAINEB, KNABE AND
XJ Bush and Gert's pianos; clearing-out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Pos: St.
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN. MY
piano business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 526 Hayes st., between
Octavia and Lacuna, where ' I can now : display
over four times the amount of . instruments I than
formerly; as I buy lor . cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house In San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
A NOTHER; SPECIAL INDUCEMENT FOR
A purchasing from Sherman, Clay & Ca ; ele-
gant new upright | pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month; only
$6 cash ' payment required ; every Instrument .
Guaranteed. > SHERMAN. CLAY- & CO., cor.
Kearnv and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway & Sons' pianos.
I) ARGAIN— DECKER & SON UPRIGHT, $250.
D MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
<J> 1 = n BURLED walnut upright bos-
«JP XO\J. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
VjARGAIN— S7O, GOOD UPRIGHT. SCHMITZ,
X> 16 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank. ;, .„ .
A CTUALLY THE : BKST; BARGAINS IN
A pianos, both new and second-hand at THE
F. W. SPENCER CO. 'B warerooms, 933Marketst.
G. BADGER, SOLIC AGENT FOR HALLET
j .<& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 sac' to
/~tHICKEKINO, K.NABK, STKCK, VOSE, BTER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187: pianos
for rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, 18 O'Farrali.
YilON MA L'ZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMKB,
Newbr «fe Kvanv Kriees nnd other pianos. - --'- - ;
"PRIVATE PARTY FORCED TO SELL STEIN-
X way at once. Room 21, 809 Market st. ;.;:
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHER!*, OLD ANEW
kj H. MI) LLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham niace.
\ WEEK'S '- NEWS FOR . 5 CENTS — T_s
A WEEKLY CALL. la wrapper, for mailing.
FURNITURE - FOR SALE.
I~*pnuTSAT_rn~' : *'~T ''
!, Prices stand till goods axe completely dis-
posed of. : .
Oak bed sets.  .•>.....••• $W 50
Bed lounges 800
Stoves ..;..... 750
Carpets, per yard. •• .55
Linoleum, per yard...,,,,...'..'..;............ 55
Matting, per yard......; .."...:..;...".........; 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner ' Seventh and Mission sts. X
NOONAN.
TTIURNITUREOF4 ROOMS FOR SALE. 720
JH Natoma st. - ; / '* ■'•■''■. :: :-:
OWER FLAT, 4 ROOMS: . KITCHEN COM-
I ' pletely furnished, for sale ; reasonable. Call
819 Vallejo or 1200 Stockton st- \ ; • •" >
I^URNIiSHED FLAT ON A VaLENCIA-ST.
J: coruer for sale at a great sacrifice if sold this
week; ' 6 rooms and bath ' completely and newly,
furnished for housekeeping: must be sold on ac-
count of departure; no agents- Address D. N. E.,
box 112, Call Office, ; ■■■■■■ i ~' . -'
AT L.J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
A(\li CAKP-.TS; CHAMBER BETS, $14:
rtl/l/ stoves. $5: parlor sets, 820: folding-bed* -
$10; bed-ounces. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY lli4th.
furniture wanted.
rVFFIcIHafRIiTTTjR^ pay highest
\J price* for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO., 638 and 640 Mission st.
T> UCKING AM FUK;N ITUItE CO. PAYS
XJ highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st. v • - '<-' ' :
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNl-
ture. : J. CURTIS. 1239 Market; send postal.
mo SELL FURNITURE TO AD VANTAGE TRY
' 1 M. SILVERSTi-;iN,969 Howard st. ;send postal
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
• est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FL'RN I-
ture and merchandise see KURD, -11' Larkin.
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
lj. SIMMONS' Auc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
__ _ __________ —^
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities .; and diseases i peculiar . to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers I helped I immediately; I prices to suit the
times; home «in confinement. DR. ; & : MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult ' free; ,: French i regulating . pink pills ; $2; ■
hours from 9 a." m. to sp. M. and 7t09 r. _ . .
Ll< CASES OF IRREGULARITIES .RE-
■ stored in a few hours ; i safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers; helped without delay; pri-
vate home in con flnem»iit: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us»d; ladies, consult : the i doctor
before going ; elsewhere ; you - will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential.'"'..'.-:-'-.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own I physician I for all : female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores -always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you , want to .be I treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
. A LPKAU'S : FRENCH >;. PILLS— A ; BOON TO
:J\. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. £ OSGOOD BKOS., Oakland; Cal. - :-;
OK MEN-GREEN'S GUARANTEED CUKE-
greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for. all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial tree. Agent, KELLY. 102 Kddy st.
SURE CURIs FOR ALLFEMALE DISEASES,"
O ; from < whatever cause; a home in con men'
with" every, comfort: satisfaction ; guaranteed hi ■
MRS. DR. : G W YER, 226 Turk Xr " ;^ ?> " -
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SP&
,'claliy: unaxcelied in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement- best care-
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
M Ra DH ; ; AVEGENER TAKES ' LADIES • BE-
.no JZS D $ Ur " conflaen >ent: infants adopted
nto good homes; j treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. ■- 419 Eddy su^ !^ lßor
VI RS. M. E. RODGERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
■nx ; confinement; terms reduced. : 929 Howard st.
T) R -. DORA ■ ; GRAY-ALL •- FEMALE COM.I
XJ plaints restored ; ; cure guaranteed. 327 Eddy.
HALL 14 MCALLISTER STREET.NEAR
XJ Jones. Pleases of .women and children.
M R>. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFK-HOMK IN
ITI confinement: 25 yrs' ; experience. 555 Mlssion.-
IV IRREGULAR OR ANY. FEMALE DISEASE
| MRS-PR. PUETZ and be content. g&illffig-
Pl>it V £?vi"«rW..P C °NFI.NEMENT. MRS.
J- DR. tDNC'Kh; 1416 Eighth »t.. .Alameda.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES. :?.
N , w , OP£T?E^ri24^GE_RYI
free rti™ ne ' test aDd 3 best: ;: c » m eral repaired
free dark room; send for catalog. Cal. Camera Co.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ffiRAA"~CORNER CROCERY ~AND BAR;
«Ip«J\Jl/. living-rooina; ! rent $30; doing good
business: choice location." WILKIE _ WOLF, 531
fora last. ';..::--'- ; ; L .--..',--'- %•'-:.>.■"»:'..-
->o_*JOAr» CA»H; 10 -YEARS ESTABLISHED
<Jp__UU shoe store. WILKE & WOLFE, 531
California at. :-■,';.-
flTjrrv A CORNER, SALOON :ON WATER
O\J\J. front, doing large business: stock worth
the money. WILKE & WOLFE, 631 California.
VV ELL-DEVELOPED QUARTZ MINE ON
ii the mother lode. - Sample of rock can be seen
at WILKE <&. WOLF'S, 531 California st.
©1 OCA WINE-CELLAR IN CHOICEST
«Jp J. _«_)U. downtown location, with large retail
bar trade; low rent; large stock of fine whiskies
and wines; " first-class investment. WILKE _
WOLF, 531 California st. - :
QA f\ , RESTAURANT ON TRANSFER
OUv/.*: point; average daily receipts $12: rare
chance for man and wife. WILKE. 531 California.
QKft'-" CORNER CIGAR STORE. ESTAB-
*S)Oo\J. lished rears: doing good business; low
rent. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
CAA RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
<Jt o\)\J . business: rent $27 50; Western Addi-
tion; owner kept place for years: ; must sacrifice;
investigate at once: .very rare chance. WILKE
& WOLF, 531 California st. ■;'■•-
-ffIJSCAA TRANSFER AND EXPRESS; AN
qpOO\J\J, old-established firm; valuable horses
and teams; No. 1 storage accommodation; business
in first-class running order and will speak for
itself Apply STENBERG «fc CO., 632 Market st.
ajjl qp. BUTCHER - SHOP: GOOD LOCA-
C 1! ft/, tlon; first-class running order; sells
account of order •business. STENBLRG <& CO.,
632 Market st. >
fi»"l Kf\(\ RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
tjp_.UuU. house; bent location; nicely fitted
up: 5 private rooms; genuine bargain to cash
buyer: see for yourself. STENBERG _s CO., «32
Market st.
*ft^nnn wholesale and retail
_lpt»UV/v/. liquor-store; stock and fixtures worth
$2700; splendid business location: sells. only on
account of disagreement in partnership. STEN-
BERG _ CO., 632 Market St.
©Jflf) COFFEE SALOON, CHOPHOUBE;
*p-x\j\j. first-class location: good running order;
business speaks for itself; most sell; disagreement
partnership: sacrifice to cash buyer. BTENBERO.
CO.. 632 Market at., room a '
o*7oo RESTAURANT NEAR MARKET
«IPH'U. St.; dally receipts of $35; large num-
ber of regular boarders; cheap rent; established
for years; fortune to right men; Investigate. Apply
STENBERG CO., 632 Market at., room 8.
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
Bansome St., room 39.
fflJftAA FOR SALE-CANDY-STORE, ICE-
tJDU W. cream parlors and factory; clears $100
a month; buyer can also manufacture for the out-
side trade; other well-paying articles which will
clear $100 a month easy: to manufacture can be
easily learned: trial given to satisfy buyer. Ad-
dress E., box 91, this office.
OR SALE— OF THE OLDEST .AND
best-known liquor-stores, in the very heart of
the city, together with a fine stock of wines,
liquors, etc. ; fixtures in first-class order; to those
looking for business this Is the best stand in city;
sickness : the . cause of sale. Address for particu-
lars K. M.. box 100, Call.
/~1 REAT BARGAIN IN CIGAR, STATIONERY
VJT and laundry office. BARRETT, 1125 Market.
©1 rr\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE SI ORE;
tip It) V. best location: receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon: low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT. 1125 Market st.
<n»-i nnn, bakery ; BAKKS 3 barrels A
«JP-L^-v/l/. day; brick oven: daily receipts aver-
age $22: 2 horses: wagon. See SKIFF, ,921
Markets-. Vv . *__
©I A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
<jP~iU. rent $12; snap. SKIFF, 921- Market st.
GJ» Q ~.r\ BAKERY; ELEGANT PLACE;
«IDO«JU. thoroughly equipped in every respect:
has fine store trade and large outside route: fine
horse and wagon; best location in town; rent only
$20:' 5 years' lease; 4 living-rooms: selling on ac-
couut of sickness. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market.
"VTOTICE— DO YOU WANT TO BELL YOUR
-Ll business promptly? HEALY, 23 Kearny St.
<mr/\/\ PATTERN MAKING AND MANU-
«JPUUv/. facturing business: steady class of cus-
tom; clearing $150 per mo. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
fl_/IAA RESTAURANT OF LARGE CAP AO
«JpT;v/v/. lty; centrally located; ■ well known;
cash receipts in season $75' to $100 a day; half
cash, balance good trade; offer limited to 27th lnst.;
no commissions. Room 13, third floor, Mills bldg.
ffl>QE A GROCERY AND BAR ON CITY
<jpOU\J!' front: kept by the present owner over
20 years; good reason for selling; good stock of
goods. CUMMINS & CO., wholesale liquor mer-
chants, 5 Pine st.
TT-OR SALE— FINE STATIONERY, NOTION
X- and confectionery store; day and night school
trade; line • soda stand: bargain; owner going
away. For particulars address--;. N., box 99, Call.
djjqnn BUTCHER - SHOI'. WITH Dices'
«qpOUU. large room, or more rooms if desired;
hone and two carts ; ■ present owner -there i for the
last 6 years; rent only $10. Apply at ibis office. *
pOALYARD IN RUNNING' ESTAB-
\J lished 9 years; we want some one to take
orders; Just vacated 'to-day; scales, screens and
blocks; 5 stalls: rent $13. 1915 McAllister st.
T ARGE STORE TO LET IN THE VICTORIA
JLJ hotel, Sonora, Tuolumne County; prosperous
mining town; suitable for hanking or any busi-
ness. Address S., box 75, Call Office.
djj-l/rrr RARE BARGAIN; CONFECTION-
ijpX • O. cry, branch bakery, groceries, station-
ery, notions, cigars, coffee par. or: 4 living-rooms;
must be sold this week. 450 Sixth st. .
ICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP:
well established; good location; full line of
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanlzer; opening
for a macninist. 1113 Market st. :
ELICACIES STORE, OLD STAND. OX
Market st.;, surrounded by largest hotels and
boarding-houses: also doing a good transient busi-
ness. '; Apply Call Office.
OR SALE— A BARGAIN: GOOD BAKERY;
I r bakes 3 barrels a day: horse and wagon; low
rent; has 2 bakeries; sells one. Apply Clay and
Mason sts., bakery. , .
PACIFIC COAST FOR SALE, WHOLE OR
J part, on patent; will trade for furniture or stock
goods, city or country.' HARVEY, 779 Mission.
A T. AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. COWAN BUYS
A stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
sells on commission. Room 15, 26 Montgomery.
flT»£-A, FINE CORNER GROCERY WITH.
<$\JtJ\J. bar; good location; cheap rent; value
in sight; a big bargain.:.! Apply Call Office.
OR SALE-FIRST-CLASS GROCKRY BTJSI-
JP ness; established 19 years, j For particulars ad-
kress H. SCHAW. 40 Third st.
ALOON FOR SALK WITH A GOOD BASE-
O ment; rent $20; must be sold this week. In-
quire 507 Minna at., nr. Sixth.
"PARTNER WANTED IN A GOOD MANU-
X factoring business: call to-day. PROLL <&
TYRRELL, 719 Market st. ■-
QlAPifl FIRST-CLASS OYSTER AND CHOP-
rJptIUI/. house: best location In city: 'owner
leaving city. 216 Sixth st. .
OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF RETIRING
from i business, a tailor-shop. Apply to JOHN
DAWSON. Vallejo, Cal.
OA-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; GOOD LOCAL*
— 1/ ity: cheap; must sell immediately. Address
D., box 122. this office.
AKLAND ROUTE ON EVENING -BUL-
letin for sale; clears $95; $2000. Apply 963
Broadway, Oakland. ■
/INTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
X will pay $150 per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. :
AY, GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL YARD
• for sale ; rent Cheap. 191 5 Mission st.
ESTAURANT, TO :- LET; FIXTURES FOR
' -TV sale : half n block from Sutter. Apply 1212 Polk.
AIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS (< LIV-
i ing-rooms) for sate cheap. . 1008 Hyde st.
ARNESS SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP. APPLY
L. D. STONE & CO., San Francisco, CaL
LOR SALE-CANDY MANUFACTORY. AP-
•T ply 1136 Market st.: must sell at once.
U RANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS; RENT
*■-> $15; 3 rooms. Stake offer.
MILLINERY-STOKE; CHEAP. | INQUIRH
owner. 311 Bush st.
IGAR-STAND; CHEAP. INQUIRE OWNER,
XJ 311 Bush st.
SALE.
OC-ROOM CORNER H0U5E....... ....$l4OO
-JO 9 rooms clearing $50 per month 300
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing $50... 400
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments . 300
50 houses. 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to 5000
DECKER. 1020 Marker St., opposite Fifth.
$J 1 f\f\f\ LODGING- HOUSE, 88 KOOMS:
«lpJ-\JVU. first- class condition: clears $75
monthly; . rare bargain. STENBERG COM-
PAN\ , 632 Market st. - ■ ._
P. A A SIXTH— LODGING HOUSE FORSALEj
Ott^ir 16 rooms: best part of cityforworkiogmen;
rent $25; water free.: _: .'"•-•
Of\ HOUSES; $300 TO $8000. PHELPS —
O v CO., 917 Larkin st. ____——
LODGING-HOUSE: 704 HOWARD ST., COR
3d; '3- rooms: nicely furnlshedjjchfapbargain^
* 1 t\(\ 7 furnTshWro MS; all kknt.
_fii> X U\J. cd. 403 Stevenson St., cor, -inn-
-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE. CHJSAF, FOR
-^ ImmediHiesale. F- box 48. omce. ___
CARPET CLJ-i A>' I >^~~~— ■
TONES & CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
v Eighth st. ; teL Jessie IQoI. ,
c Sii«3Sj______;
iWH-N,YOll,B S |n«^^S^_g-.
c_s_-^?s_S_____
V r^fiMr~TNIPKENOVATiS_
" ' — r A - K wn AND RENOVATKO
• p ARPKTa £ Jj.«usov A CO.. 23 Tenth: tat.
LikWi _gg_gog___- "*»-*'• .
X.-. T . ■ a vTF T CLEAN INU CO..HOUSES TO LET.
8 BOOMS. BATH, TaUNDUY AND YNFIN
0 ished basement; front and rear yard for flowers;
on qniet, delightful street: opposite private park;
?32 50. DKMPster, 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th.
(VCR PRINTED LI>V MAKES HOUSE-
/ hunting a pleasure: call or send for one.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218 and 220
Montgomery st.
HAND SOME: NEW rB ROOMS; PORCELAIN
bath: sunny belt: cheap rent. 512 Guerrero.
Pi U ,£ P ELE °AKT RESIDENCE: SW. COB.
\J California and Laguna sts. Go see it.
SPLKNDID HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS, OR 2
flats of « rooms: rent reduced. 325 Tehama.
oil *S HOUSE. 5 SUNNY / ROOMS, BATH,
<„ -.O. basement. 624 I^ocnst aye.. off Laguna.
ii« 'J I I WARM BELT MISSION NOB HILL,
'^'ty. corner Liberty and Dolores: handsome
l-astlake house: ten fine rooms, bath, back and
front nail: garden; tine view: perfect order.
VJPLENDID HOUSK OF 12 KOOMs, oK 2
Hats of 6 rooms: rent reduced. 325 Tehama. .
AY-WINDOW HOUSE: 4 ROOMS: 212%
Perry st., off Fourth; $12 60: water free. Ap-
ply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. -
SPLENDID 12- ROOM HOUSE. 3392 TWENTY-
U first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence: very low rent. See it. •
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-TUB
tVr, Fa LV CALL sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 CO, post-
COTTAGES TO LET.
<SiQ PL A COTTAGE siROOMsTi^PR?OBPECT
<UJ»-'« «JV/.' ay*., between Twenty -seventh and
nth-eighth sis.. off Mission.
■\TICELY FURNISHED COTTAGE 4 SUNNY
■-^ rooms; kitchen; large garden. 620 Fell st.
POTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; BATH; HOT AND
\J cold water: yard: r>-ntsl'». 2283 Fifteenth st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED FLAtT~6~ROOM?7baTH f J RE^
dnced rent. 2329 Fillmore st.. nr. Washington.
FLATS to LET.
ttpper fXat7Tr6oms,^\th7~laxtndry
*J tub, tiled sink, door opener, electric beHs, etc.,
overlorking private park, $20: lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, large yard for flowers, $25; all in
perfect condition: on Twelfth st. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye.
»_; SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH: SECOND
rl floor: clean: delightful private street, $15.
I»KMPSTER, 36 Glen Pur* aye., off Twelfth.
CTAVIA, BET. WALLER AND HaFgHT,
opp. Valencia, rent greatly reduced, the
cheapest flats In the city; sun all day; will be put
in first-class order, 6 and 7 rooms and bath: $-0
and $25. MADiSON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
QOr 607 vallejo, nkar dlpont. 16
«3?OU. rooms. ASUTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
1 _1 ft DEVISADERO ST., NEAR GKABY;
XIX\J sonny upper flat, 7 rooms and bath.
GET OUR PRINTED LIST OF PLACES TO
let; will save you lots of time. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCK BEE CO.. 218-220 Montgomery.
"I 7f\« POST — 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X I \J\J flats; garden: bath: 813 and $16.
_9P» FULTON-SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGK
Tt^iU rooms; rent $10.
"VfEW MODERN SUNNY FLAT; 25TH AND
x> Folsom. J. A. ULRICH. 41 Crocker building.
■V-ICE UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS; NEWLY
_.' renovated; rent reasonable. 327 Halght st.
<2« 1 x 5 ROOMS: Sinn y BAY-WINDOW.
t£>XO. 28 Va West Missioti st., near Twelfth.
ANTF.D— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
"» from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK <&
CO., 602 Market st. ■ • ' .'
OQ OAK GROVE AYE.— LARGE. SUNNY
00 unfurnished rooms: bath aud all conven-
iences for housekeeping; private family.
©TO . ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
OXO. 6 rooms, bath. 135 San Jose aye.. nr. 24th.
T?LJiGANT SUNNY UPPER CORNER FLAT;
XJ 6 rooms; bath; stable. 4600 Eighteenth.
Ql QA DORE — NICE SUNNY FLAT OF 4
OLO rooms: $9.
ffl*99 CM 8 sUNNY ROOMS: BATH; 2
<3>_j_-. OU. sets double parlors. 1775 Mission
St., near Fourteenth.
Q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris n, opp. 18th.
/CHOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
\J bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
t> A 9 GROVE, NEAR FILLMORE— LOWER
C "i— flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; basement; yard; $25.
LATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
-Montgomery st.
LAT; 6 ROOMS: BATH; GOOD MARINE
view. 21U6 Leaven worth A, bet. Filbert and
Greenwich.
T/LJ-UA.NT SEW FLATS. IjKVBNTH WT., BE-
Xi low Urvarit. 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16. .
•pHEAPEST AND EEST IX AMERICA— THE
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
"se free - .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
.Bush. Street.
9QI Ql BUSH— NEWLY FURNISHED BAY-
~r'lO2 window room; also housekeeping
rooms: no children. h *
Dore Street.
OAQ DORE— FOUR LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
O'tO rent $10. ,
iiiuy street.
7"! Q EDDY— FURNISHED ROOM; RUNNING
1 X V water; lower floor; $6 a montn; $10 to 2.
Elgin Park.
AH ELGIN PARK, OFF RIDLEY— 2 FUR-
tfc I nished housekeeping rooms; bath: gas.
lillinore Street.
©in 3 UNFrBNISHKD ROOMS: ALSO 2
tIpXU. fnrnished, $8. 2208 V* Fillmore, nr. Clay.
i oltom Street.
7Qr FOLSOM— 2 SUNNY ROOMS; FUR-
I DO nished for housekeeping: $8.
7 Aft FOLSOM— 2 SUNNY UNFUKNSIHED
i "v/ rooms: rent reasonable. .'.
; .;; Harrison Street. '
79A HARRISON— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
• -1 U sunny front rooms: complete for housekpg.
no ward Street.
n(\A HOWARD, COB. THIRD — NICELY
Ivi furnished; en suite or single; also house-
keeping.
1 1 zl*> HOWARD— 2 BUNNY FURNISHED
JL It:— housekeeping rooms: range; rent $10.
.''.-. tieasle street.
Q7"I JESSIE. NEAR FIFTH— 2 SUNN CON-
i) I X nectln; rooms furnished for housekeeping,
$19: single front room, $5.
Laguna Street.
Qftft LAGUNA, COR. MCALLISTER— SUNNY
tJ\J\J housekeeping parlors, with gas stove. ■
l.nrkin Street.
Q(\A LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
OUtt with connecting . room, neatly furnished,
$10; housekeeping.
Lewis Street.
-I Q LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST—
XO or 4 unfurnished rooms; $12. '
31 Hum Street.
C A C MINNA— TWO LARGE SUNNY BOOMS,
D 1O quiet family, light housekeeping. .
rA Q MINNA— 2 NICELY FURNISHED SUiV-
•jTtO ny housekeeping rooms.
HO A MINNA— 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
i Otr ing rooms: no children. . '.1 ■ ' ' ■ ;
. jilta.on Mceoi.
Ql r MISSION— LARGE FURNISHED FRONT
OX 9 room, first floor, suitable for housekeeping.
OO" 1 COMPLETELY FURNISH-
\jZiO% ed sunny housekpg rooms; bath: porch.
Tho/< MISSION — SUNNY -WINDOW
\\)&rx alcove room; also rooms for $5 up; bath.
>atonia Stree;.
m NATOMA, COR. SIXTH-NICE SUNNY
i\JX front room and kitchen for housekeeping.
> 111 tli Street.
Ol FURNISHKD FRONT BAY-WIN-
Zldowroom: light housekeeping: al«- "'_____
Norfolk Street. *V«^'^'
C 9 NORFOLK. OFF HARBISON. SEAR
O_j Eleventh— Sunny separate building of bed-
room and kitchen; furnished for housekeeping;
running water: yard. Call upwtalra, ■-.
Pearl Street.
0 PEA BL, COB. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA-S
, > rooms, well furnished for housekeeping: $18.
lost Street.
<-l r POST - UNFURNISHED BASEMENT
• 1 0 to let; suitable for business or housekeep-
Ing: kitchen. ■ ' '-'--
i liird Street. *
1 KQI THIRD-NICELY FURNISHED RMS
j 002 for housekeeping: also single: reasonable.
lurk street."
F;i C TURK-3 - BOOMS H COMPLETE FOB
OxO housekeeping; also single room.
■ ; V»n l>es» Avenue. X
71 ft VAN ness"ave;-sunny- suite,
' IU completely furnished for hoiisekeeping,s2o.
IV aa liington . street. -.
P,A9 WASHINGTON VNN V ) UNFUR-
«Jv._. nisbed housekeep-ng rooms; running water, j
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS Continued.
~ welahi Street. "
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OB 3 NICE-
Iy furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Miscellaneous. : .. '■
p ARTIES IN QUEST OF DESIRABLE ROOMS
I in private families , or boarding-houses can find *
precisely, what thry want free of charge by colling
at the Evening Post's branch office." 659 Market st.
■ f "— — - — — — — — — ■
' ROOMS TO ; LET.
Clay Street.
1711 CLAY — PLEASANT FURNISHKD
1 I 11 room 1 nice locality.
-. JtUdv Street. . » ■
91 A EDDY — FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
_jXU use of bath: one or two gentlemen. ■<•■*• -. ;
TfURNISHED ROOMS AND OFFICES. COR-
-T ncr Eddy and Market sts.; entrance 1 Eddy.
'...,- ..' . . i-i£Uth S>tl-«J«»i. . - • •- •• ■
"1 C\\ EIGHTH, NEAR MARKET -SUNNY
X\}'£ furnished bay-window from room.
CMKRMAN AI'AKTMEA r MOL>K. 2* «TH
0 su. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i.ilis Street.
THE BAMOSA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATES.
ART. manager— A quiet bouse: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot «fc cold water.
QOl ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR- FOR BEST
0— 1 lodging we recommend theKosedale House.
l-'iith street.
1 AQ FIFTH— SINGLE AND DOUBLE BOOMS
X\JO $1 50 to $3 per week.
ICO FIFTH — 3 NEWLY * FURNISHED
_ OJj front rooms, $8 up; and others.
I ot._ry ,->ir«o..
I A A GEARY. NEABKEARNY-FUBNISHED
II rooms; day, week or month; country trade
solicited. : . . -
QOrGEABY— ROOM AND HOUSE RENTING
i £-.'> agency; no fee for registering.
<>1 71 GEARY-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
. &X I 2 rooms; key 217. ■-■.■■■■■
■ Gough Street.
I |/>n" GOLGH— LARGE FRONT BUNNY
InUi) alcove room and large sunny room con-
' necting; furnished or unfurnished; board op-
■ tional: private family: reference.
1 . ____^___^__
Grant Avenue.
■ Q1 Q GRANT AYE.— 3 UNFURNISHED SUN-
-1 -jJ-O ny rooms. $20, suitable for dressmaking.
Harrison Street.
Qn- HARRISON — NEATLY FURNISHED
: XfZiO room In a German family; suitable for a
' young roan- .
Hubbard Street.
Q/f HUBBABD. BET. SECOND AND THIRD.
d off Howard— Sunny ouuide rooms, $1 a week
i and upward; quiet house.
Jones Street.
OfiT ."•ONES -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
_jU 1 management: e'eirani canny suites and
; tingle; newly iurnished : bath, etc. : *1U to *•*"■
' qa 1 JONES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
■ OUI sunny rooms: hot and cold water; private
' family. * : - -'
« earn y street.
QOQ KEARNY— SUIT OF ROOMS SUITABLE
' ._,_£/ for housekeeping. " ' . -'
1 KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY -
' /V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first
; class In every respect; terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
■ OA QQ LARKIN — 1 OR 2 NICELY FCR-
_Sr_Ot/ nished rooms toilet. ■
; ■ Lewis Street.
• ft A LEWIS, COR. JONES, BET. POST AND
Oi sutler— Large room, suitable for 2 young
men: private family; entrance private.
\ j.aikc suet}..
I THE ALBEMARLE, COR. MASON* ANDMAR-
-1 ket— Nice sunny suite facing Market st. suit-
able tor professionals: all conveniences. : - - -
; 7Q.7 MARKET, OPT! EXAMINER— NEW,
101 elegant furnished rooms; cheap.
VO-UJIITK HOUSK, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night,' 350 to $1 : week. $1 60 to $6: families.
' Mason Street.
n MASON— SUNNY BOOM, NICELY FUR-
nished. $1 a week. „■.-.. ■
i Af\Q MASON— NEWLY FURNISHED AL-
j 'ix'O cove: hot, cold water; bath: single: gents.
Minna Street.
■VfICK SUNNY- FURNISHED ' ROOMS TO
i-l let at reasonable rent. 540 Minna st. .
j 7QQ MINNA— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
' I O'J room, suitable for one gentleman; private.
lic-Allifur Street.
Q99 MCALLISTER— FURNISHED AND TjN-
O ._/,_, furnished, or suites suitable for an office.
-■- i&alun >i tee..
I f*-\ QMISS I O N — NICELY FURNISHED
! ulO rooms, 15c to 60c per night; $1 to $2 week.
i O1 *: MISSION— FURNISHED FRONT SIN~-
| Oil) gle rooms, suitable for lor 2 persons, $5.
I 079 MISSION. COR. FIFTH — ELEGANT
01- front suite, well established as doctor's
I offices: also other sunny rooms; reasonable.
! 1 .190 MiSSIO.N-A SUNNY FURNISHED
j XXjZAJ front room with board: suitable for two.
J O'^arrell »tree(.
! KOQ O'FARRELL— ROOM FOR GEN-
i)*O tlemen in private small family: good home.
Page Street.
•I Q99 PAGE— 3 UNFURNISHED BOOMS
lO__ for light housekeeping.
Post Street.
707 POST— FURNISHED FRONT PARLOR
IUI and front alcove room.
Second Street.
/"IENTRA T , LODGING-HOUSE, 52 SECOND— ;
\J Entirely renovated; convenient and respect-
able. • - _ '. ■ __; _; .' __; ___ ' _ •
fcl_thH>reei. .
"I 9fk SIXTH (CHANGED HANDS)— NICE
I— "' front rooms; suites and single; everything
new. '. ! .-■-'- • . . . i
SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN CITY; FUR-
nlsned double and single rooms.
.Seventh. Street.
1 Qfi SEVENTH — NIC E SUNNY FUR-
XOO nlshed room: $1 25 a week. .■
Stevenson Street. ■■
pO-OPEBATiVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON—
\J Rooms clean and cheap; reading-room.
Stockton Street.
"•■"■ ■/ j... . ■
■VTEW PYRNEE HOUSE, 1 1314 STOCKTON—
i-> Front suites; single rooms; bou.sekping;cheap.
t uiter iireei.
CAQ BUTTER, CORTTAYLOR -ELEGANTLY
I V/O newly furnished sunny rms. ; suite or single.
lay lor Street.
Cl f> TAYLOR— F^RWISHED SUN-
') 1 O ny single and double rooms; private family.
Third Street.
-17 THIRD— NEWLY FURNISHED HOTJBE-
XI keeping rooms: transient: tourists especially.
~ Twenty-sixth Street. •
QQ£»7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MIBSION—
ODD I Nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard ; low rent. :."
Miscellaneous.
TF YOU HAVE BOOMS TO LET SEE OUR
methods of assisting you In securing desirable
tenants. Call at the Evening Post's People's Ex-
change Bureau. 659 Market st
ULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL— FUR-
nlshed rooms: single or en suite; >8 and $16 up.
BOARDING AND ; ROOMS.
q7jO^VAiTneSs~AVK.-^^DESIB^i^LEmjNN'Y
OUO rooms; first-class table board: reasonable.
_QQ GEARY— ANT ITE !OF PAR-
TtOt/ lors, with fir=t-class board. '
HUTI-..L BKRT—.AU.-714 -.UBH— A FAMILY
1 hotel: references veil _ud required: ■ all mod-
ern cnnvenion<-("«. ; ' • :
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ADY LIVING ON SMALL BANCH IN THE'
country would board one or two children very
reasonable, or take a young baby; | every comfort.
Address M. D., Mountain View PostofUce, Santa
Clara County. »•;*.- • . ■
ANTED— EXPERIENCED MARRIED
'» lady infant or child 2 to 3 years to board;
parent's care: j terms reasonable. * 1601 *,_! Geary.
PLEASANT HOME, 1727 MCALLISTER BT.,
X for child; good care: terms moderate.. ■-■ . ■ - : -.. -
offices to let.
T^ o^St^oTfTce~XnTd~u&e~oT~sTFtTn7P
room: suitable for dentist. 631 Sutler St., up*
i stairs; Inquire from 1 to 3 or 7 to 8 p. m.
PRECKELS-.BUILDiJSG.' 927: MARKET—
Elegant si'nnv offices. $12 60 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. I'MRSKX & CO.. 14 Montcomery st. ;
TO LEASE.
F"n^~^KN^^nr7^AS~E^s^KvXß^LOT^R
co*. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent $50 per
monto. ' Address J. 8., 427 Sansome St., S. F.
A ft ACRES ON COUNTY ROAD, BELOW BAN
4.U Mateo. Apply 107 Tenth st. v -: -;
THE SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1896.
PERSONALS. -
TNFORM~ATIOJf REQIfIRED AS~TO~THE
X whereabouts of GEOIIGt; t>HE a . formerly of
Hamilton, Canada, son of MAKY SHEA, widow,
and: who is now supposed to be ■in California.
Dated July 26, 1896. .^TAUXTON <_ O'HEIR,
Barrisers, 24 James st. S., Hamilton; Canada, v.
rmiE FINEST LINE OF t REMNANTS:
•1 suit to order, $10; pants, $3. Cut Bate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
/CONFINEMENTS ATTENDED BY KEGTJ-
\J lar physician; $1 5 upward. A., box 98, Call.
LADY, RANGER, DESIRES A GENTL
man partner; $23 capital. Room 2, 122 Post.
"VfEW DECORA lIVE ART SCHOOL; 2-HOUR
Xi ■ lessons in embroidery or Battenberg lace, 60c;
lessons free 9t012a. m. 223/fe Geary, room 36. '
OUSE AND LOT— s6oo; C. O. D. PKENTIB
and Old Hickory aye. ? 5 . : :r z.^'T-
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty, private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st.
ORRIS BERRY, FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store; has gone into busi-
ness with H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Kins. 46-40: ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order guaranteed ;low prices
"LM3R MOST ARTISTIC HAIRDRESSING GO
X to Up To Date parlors, 850 Market St., room 14;
hairdressing and manicuring free to all, VVednes-
day, 10 to 2. ..;-.....
rpRUNKS DKLIVEIIKD 25C. BAY . CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutler; tel. Grant 57.
RsT^THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST^ : 101^
Grant aye., room 10. . .:-■■-.-,
C__ PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
«E7 t: WERTHMAN Pants Company; local agents
wanted everywhere. , 22Va Geary street. '
: \TR^ DR. MIRANDA HAS RETURNED
-i-'l and located at 17 Grant aye.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR REMOVED PER-
-0 manently and 1 absolutely by an entirely new
aud harmless self-treatment: total destruction
Guaranteed; particulars FREE, lii Phelan build-
ing. 1 to 5. ■ - .■ - _
T ARGER QUARTERS FOR AN INCREASED
Xj business: I am making more room and rm
prepared to give better service than ever before;
hairdresslng 25c; switches $1: "QCINONIA"
Hair Tonic is still going lor 35c a bottle. G. LK-
DKRER, 111 Stockton St.
IF YOU WANT YOUR WALLPAPER HUNG
cheap call on L LARSON, 1238 Market st, r. 75.
\ DVICE FREE ALL PRIVATE LAW MAT-
-nL ters: mod. lees. Atty. McCABE, 1027 Market.
DAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. I'anineton, Gertrude
Partington, K. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
A T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
J\. Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029^ Market st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal. '
1 OH A BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED »1 50;
1 \J\J\J show cards, etc. HILL, 22% Geary st.
A LL FACIAL BLKMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
jTV. hair, moles, freckles, scars, eta, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leaven worth.
■ WATCH & JEWELRY REPAIRING. STONE
'» engraving, monograms, crests: low prices; work
guaranteed. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20Geary st.
AZoK-FiXING OUR bPKCIAL'I V: FINE
edgepnt on razor,2sc. Razor Exch_e,63oMar-et
"\7 ELVKT AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St., upstairs.
\ \[ OMEN'S ELKCTRIC SANITARIUM,
»» rooms 53 Maze building— New and scientific
methods for promoting heaUh, beauty. Con. free.
IJIG OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOW KVK-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistto ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters or holi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T IBKIIAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, J_IW-
X- Plry, etc. : lowest rates. 848 Market st. --V-
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. , COLM AN. 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — THJi
-ci. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP: WKAPPERS 3 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 no. ' 505»4. Natoma gt.. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ITAN A THE 6 VPS " ~~ ~7^~^"
This remarkable woman has lost arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love^
courtship, matrimony: sue reunites the separated;
causes speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk su
MX. PORTER. WONDERFUL' CLAIP.VOY-
ant, card- reader, born with a douole veil an 1
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jonas.
MX. AKNDT. BKSI' FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 50c and I $1. shows picture of I i-om
future husband or wire. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
Al past, present and ' future: success to all for-
tunes by mall: low prices.* 856 Mission st. '
f~i YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
vJ. seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c: gents 50c.
•T_ me. SYBTLLE SHOWS PicTUR~EF"tJTUB~B
IU husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c, 914 O'Farrel!.
I|M_ MoKF.AU, BKHT MEDIUM: KEVEAI3
i'l past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard st.
RS. C.CORNELIUS, CLAIRVOYANT AND
business medium; sittings. 1346 Market st.
ME. KAVK.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given ;25c up. 6 Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1: letter $2.
MM E. SYBILLK TELLS F ROM " CR~ADLE TO
grave: ladies, 25c; gents, 50c 914 O'FarrelL
MRS EHHOBN, CLAIRVOYANT: :25o"up
228 Harriet st., off Harrison, near Sixth.
DROFESSOR CARNELLE LEFT CITY FOR A
X vacation: watch The Call for his return.
ISS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 1"5 Larkin si.. ro>m 2.
SPIRITUALISM.
VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. d! HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look Of sadness? -Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
lead this and learn that lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years pant, is
again at her old office^, 1320 Market street, Saa
Francisco, and ;is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tna
separated . are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wire
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortal!
who try to Imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She doe*
not know what ; failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) - cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to, and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mall Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWARD!
AlttS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh.
• San Francisco. '- l .^ ?*•■•
WONDERFUL CONVINCING PROOF OF
SPIRITUAL POWER. .
WRITE AND BE CONVINCED.
$1 $1 $1 $1 *1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $Isl $1
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 Market St., S. F.,
Diagnoses disease, with full life reading, from
lock of hair: this week only for $1; take advan-
tage of this rare opportunity if you are in trouble:
her revealed- medicines work wonders with the
sick and afflicted. Write address plainly and in-
, close lock of hair.
$1 SI $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $l.si
MMX DR.: ATLANTA, MEDIUM, TELLS
your entire life from cradle to the grave: gives
advice -on all affairs; removes evil Influence-
brings back lost luck and love; speedy marriage
with your choice; has no equal. 917 Howard st. :
RET ORNED-M Xt«. MAYO bTIvEKS; CIRCLE
Sun., -rues., Frl. evenings: Ladies' circle
Thurs. 2 P. M.: readings daily. 1015 Market; r. 19.
FRIENDSHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER—
Tests : this evenlne; 10c. MRS. C. J. MYER,
Sittings. ■ ..■ ..- ',' " : ■ ■ -:'■ ..VJ.-i...;,;;,!.
SPIRITUALISTIC CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY
0 Rev. Mr. Howlat'd, 25c. 1 Fifth St., parlor 1.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT -SLaTK-
. writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 p.m.
BISHOP GABRISO , 1370 MARKET SEAN-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 10 to 4 dally.
MRS. KATE HOSKINB, TRANCE MEDlUM-
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak. .
rpEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10& MME. YOUNG
X 605 McAllister: Jail skeptics invited.
1 IKE-READINGS BY REV. MR. HOWLAND;
\j $1. 1 Fifth St.. parlor I;-"-. - . , : '
HYPNOTISM. '..'■;' .■>•.
XX practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a so how to hypnotize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the • Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute
6 o'Farrell st. ■■ ' ■.■■---. . , -.-. .'.
PHYSICIANS^ -, : '. '•.■
DR. C. C O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, COR.
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
I \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his - museum, ■ 1051 ■ Market 1 st. : his 30 years' -
•ncceuful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment*
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. ■
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES. ,
PUBLIC NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
-I the 1 ' partnership heretofore exlstlnc s between
WILLIAM -SCHULZ and HENRY MEYER in
the conduct of a grocery and liquor Lore at 718
Douglas : St., City and > County of San Francisco,
was dissolved ou the 18th day of August,' 1896. by
mutual consent. The ' business will •be conducted
ac the same place by HEN MEYER, 10 whom
all the payments for .' moneys due said firm should
be made. - , WILLIAM SOHUL2,
i August 18, 1898. ; - ' V '-■ HEN BY MEYER.
EDUCATIONAL.
RXTivirvrLl^^s^rv^E^r^nT^lpo^'sT?;
vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic ; acting a specialty;
vocal classes, Monday, Bp. m.; $1 month. / ;
TTOICE CULTUR K» ELOCUTION, AND DX L-
'i:X: sarte taught thoroughly; s; 25" lesson. '749 Fol-
som st. -.-■■'-:, '.'.■;' ■ f' '.': " ! '" : "--■:"■ '^V ', v^.i, -. t ■■;-
STIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 < Market st ; - expenses ■■ less and
scholarship better, than elsewhere; day and night.
V HKS', THK LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery at.; : individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, > bookkeeping, etc.: Ufa
tcholarshlp $50: low rates per week and month.
PANISH TAUGHT BY SPANISH LADY;
terms very reasonable. 230 Page st.
■vA LMA K. HYEK, PIANO, MANDOLIN. BA.V
xi.' Jo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough Instruction
OOKKPNG, WKITNG, ARITH3ITC. GKA.Utt"
X> day <ft nk-bt ; noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
KOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
/I UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL.
AT lessons: $3 ma MARY WEsTHAUS. 89 Fifth.
T ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TKACH-
XJes piano,Blnglng,French:s3mo. R. 14. 1002 Polk
R. & M KS. KOLA NL'EB, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason
I 'ELASCO'sLYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
II Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1. aU. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanical I engineering, surveying,' architecture-
assay : estilb. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
NGLISH. -^ FRENCH. .. GERMAN. PIANO. .
XJ painting, palmistry. $2 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
lANO LESSONS: PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIC
Conservatory. mod.terms.J.i ANOE,llo Hyde.
"PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
X violin .guitar, mandolin, hacio. ' 1707 Market.
-.-"■; DENTISTS.
rTRoTSMIc^JKN^TATAIiS^^
\J ketst.. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialism;
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artlll-
cla: teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
s__<__________ ________ ___________________
I _X.. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get: Extracting 50c; gas given. v
DR. GtORUK W. LEEK, ..THK • GENUINE
. - Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of t improved ■ bridge | work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
If ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X five years; extraction, 60c.; fillings, 60c.;
crowns. $3 60. *. Chicago Dental Parlors, . 24 sixth.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D-, 600 Sutler
T\K. L. T. 1 RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS
XJ crown work, bridge ■ work > and . teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ava.
■ Q*rj A .SET FOR TKETH: WaKKANTED A-*
*$ I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentlsu 630 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION.-' 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13vearj'
experience. B. L. WALaiH. D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
K. ■'if.UCKKTT, lloa PO-Vr hT.. NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given: crown and brideo worn.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OF TJiETH WITHOUT .__\_AT__ _il_ H.
G. YOUNG. 1811 Polk St. ; .
i IOLTO-V DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80 d MAit-
ket St.' DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. '
K. J. J. LEEK,' 1208 MARKET, COR. GOLDKN
iinte aw — Open eveninev sunilars till noon.
LEGAL NOTICES.
I^N^lttE^^uTH^o'lTK^~O^'Tus~frrß~^\
X Ireland: Probate and Matrimonial Division.
The principal legistry, Dublin. > ■•• ■ ■ ■) ,
In the goods Of JOSEPH PATRICK MASTER-
SON, otherwise JOHNSON, supposed to be de-
ceased. To the said JOSEPH PATRICK MASTER.
SON, otherwise JOHNSON, If living; or, if dead, to
. his wife, child, executor, administrator or assign,
Take notice that ISABELLA BOSANNA DALY.
, a lawful sister of the said JOSEPH PATRICK
' MASTKRSON, otherwise JOHNSON, has applied
to the Probate and | Matrimonial ■ Division of the
' High Court of Justice in Ireland for letters of ad-
ministration of the goods of the said JOSEPH
, PATRICK m asterson, otherwise JOHNSON.
- as of a person who has died intestate, and unless
you, or one of you, communicate with Messrs.
. WILLIAM MOONEY & SON, the solicitors for
the said ISABELLA ROSANNa DALY, within
one month after the last Insertion of this ad Ver-
mont such letters of administration may be issued.
The said? JOSEPH ; PATRICK' MASTEKSON,
went from Ireland to Canada in 1859. He mar-
ried as JOHNSON in 1878 in Montreal to one
SARAH O'CONNOR and went with his wife and
child In 1881 to : San Francisco. He has not been
! heard of since 1884. ' '
Dated 29th July. 1896. >■
HfcNRY C. WARREN, Registrar.
WM. MOONEY. & * SON, .Solicitors - for said
• ISABELLA BOSANNjj. DALY, 16 Fleet St.,
Dublin.
EPaBTMENT NO. 9, PROBATE-. THE
XJ Superior court In and for the City - and County
of San Francisco, State of California, in the mat-
ter of the estate of MA RiON O_J RO, deceased. . - '
Notice is hereby given, that FRIDAY the 4th
' day of September, A. D. 1896, at 10 : o'clock a. m.
of said day, and the courtroom of Department No.
> 9of said court, at . the new City Hall, in tbe City
and County of San Francisco, S:ate of California,'
have been appointed as the time and place for
I proving, the will: of said MARION DE RO, de-
ceased, and for hearing the application of I Andrew
- J. Binney for the issuance to ; him of letters
1 testamentary thereon. *
Dated August 21, A. D. 1896.
[seal.] C. F. CURRY, Clerk. .
. - By F. B. HOUGHTON. Deputy Clerk.
I RICHARD - BELCHER, Belcher building,
Marysville, Cal.. Attorney for Petitioner. :.:-.
I PURSUANT TO A DECREE OF FORECLO-
I X sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit "of : the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice Is ' hereby given that the property
hereunder described will be sold at public auction
• at the Courthouse (Aliloiani Hale) in Honolulu.
Island of Oahu, H. _. on Wednesday, August 26,
18«6, at 12 o'clock noon. P. C JONKs, .
Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanal Ranch, lo- j
• cated 011 the Island of \ Lanai, comprising: 11,500 j
I acres more or less in tee simple, and leases of 48,-
-! 640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable ot which do not 1 expire until 1916-
-the annual rentals are about $1800.
This estate is well fitted for a sheep* ranch, hav-
-1 veg ample houses for all purposes, all .in good re-
pair, with cisterns, ■■ wooished • and press, > and a
j flosk of 24,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. ;. : .
'1 he lands are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle. -•: As a sheep run It is
the most valuable on tu* islands. The lands ■ now |
owned and controlled by present owners virtually ,'
t control the entire Island of LanaL
i There are rich graeses suitable for breed In; and
i fattening . of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
' tana; r there are no mongoose or wild dogs on \ the
I island.'. ;■■■. .■._-' /: -■■ ■■ .■ ■■:■'■.-' ■• ■ ••"■•'
■ Steam communication between Lanal and Hon-
! olulu every week. . ' ~ >■ ' • • ■ •' ' ■'.-•--
A map showing all the lands controlled by the
! estate and a detailed schedule, of the property to
I De sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. Welch & Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco. •
r . Terms of sale will be cash In United State* gold
coin. •■ ,-■ •-.:- '-■ .'■ •-
Honolulu, May 15, 1896.
P. C. JONES. Receiver.
V OTICE OF SALE OF REAL KSTATK.
li .. In the Superior Court, in and for the City and
County of : San ; : Francisco, j Slate : of : California,
Dept; 9, Probate, .' : In : the matter of the estate •of
LEWIS SOU deceased.
Notice Is hereby given, that In pursuance of an
order of the : Superior- Court of tne City and
County of San < Francisco, "State of California,
made on the Bth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHER, deceased. 1 the
undersigned administrator with 1 the will annexed
of the estate |of I LEWIS SOHEK, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
cash and subject to 'confirmation by said Superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 1 3 o'clock M., at auction salesrooms
of G. H. : Umbsen v& •- Co., :: No. 14 ! Montgomery
street, in the city and ' County of • san : Francisco,
all the ' right, ' title, interest . and estate of •• tne
said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his death,
and all . the right, title ; and ; interest that ■ the
said estate has, by operation of . law or other-
wise. 1 acquired other than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, ac the lime of bis
death, In and to all > those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land and I being : in th ■ City and
County •• of ' san Francisco; State of California,
bounded and described as follows: .
v First — Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six inch', easterly ■■ from
the easterly line of Larkin 1 street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Busu street
thirty feet, thence at '» right angles southerly one
hundred 1 and ■ thirty-seven feet and six Inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty ' feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said: southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment. - Being part of 50-v»ra lot No. 1367 as - laid
own on the ofU.lal Map of the City of San ' Fre'n-
Cisco. -' ' ..V'-". .v,V-"'---v "--" -.r ■ ' - ■; - . ■.■-.:;■'
'■-"■ S»cond— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of : o'Farreli ■ street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and r six Inches easterly
from the. easterly, line, of .Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
reli street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos :; place, | thence I ac | right | angles I southerly
along said -westerly line Of Carlos place ninety-'
seven feet and! six. inches, thence at right angles
westerly flfty-eieht I feet, ■{ and -m hence rat bright
angles northerly ' ninety-seven feet ana six inches
to said southerly line of O'Farreli street and to the
point of commencement, being part of 50-vara lot
No. 954 on , the ; official , map of the . City of San
Francisco. -:.: "*: .'- -: ■■* "-- '•-'!.*■■ -":•>>"";"'■■ '".'•. : ; '- " .?»;. :-: ■• - - T ,
■ Terms and . conditions .= of : sale: : Cash, lawful
money of the: United states, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid. to the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance < on confirmation of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser. ■ ' — "
■-■ E.MILE SOHER, Administrator : with - the - will
annexed !of , . the . estate of Lewis : Sokeb, de-
ceased. '..'■■'.-'.'•■■■'•■■-.-■■ " : -:-■'•...'•.■-.■■"••■■ >■ ■ :
'••t Dated August 18, 1896.
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
■ •::-:■■:■■'■: v ; v^ Mills building. ■■ .-_:,
: -\r OTICE— NOTICE IS HEREBY.: GIVEN TO
-IA I the District Attorney of San Francisco County
that I. ■ th« undersigned, intend to apply to the
honor; Mate Board of Prison Directors for the
privilege of being paroled, at a meeting of the said
board, to j lie : held lat s San ; Quentin Prison on the
' 12th day of September, 1896. --BCBERT BEN-
'NKTT. <•■ -■ ■:' '---■■-• J'-'- ■■■■ ?-••'-' -- ■-. '-.■■■■ -■ ■ -■■ -. ■■..-,
" -. : ; v . -" ■ • TYPEWRITERS. :--.'■
r\ A LIQ rXpH. $1 5 : REMINGTON, $35?nsCOTT
. \J & SANS AN, 333 Montgomery st. v ..
CITY REAL ESTATE.
TTOUSES AND LOIS. /
SOME BARGAINS. ■;.
Octaviast.,bet. Broadway and Vallejo, 25x112:6
and 2-story in good order; 8 rooms, bath, etc. ; fine
view; $6000: easy terms. •* . .<-<:* " "^
Pine, near Stockton, 34:6x77:6 and 2-story Of
12 rooms In good order: $bUQ just spent on the
house; rents $35:56000. .♦ ■ '
$3600— Reduced Drlce: Libert y s'., bet. Valen-
cia and Guerrero, 26x115 aud comfortable 2-story;
Liberty is a fine residence street.' ' ' "' ■■- ~~ '• -•;'.
85350— Very fine house and lot, 25x100, McAl-
lister, near Baker; very easy terms; - only $1500
cash required. "--■'■ \ : v
Reduced to $7000: California st; north side, near
Webster; • 25x132 :6, and good 2-stOiy in flrst-ciass
order.'-- :'':-•■■■ ■ ■■-;":■ ■ ? • '.■■- 'i :
$3750— Reduced: . Stevenson st., 78 feet from
Sixth ; 24x75; 2-story and basement house in two
flats; rent $30. ; - . . ■:''■■ '■: : ■ ,
$9000— Van : Ness aye., bet. Pacific and : Broad-
way; 35x100 and two double houses. -- .'.'--.
$9000— Washington" St., , bet.' Scott and ; Devlsa-
dero: 27:6x127:8 and new residence, 2-story. base-
ment - and' attic; a very fine, home and excellent
neighborhood. .: . -'■ .-:>. -
< California St.; corner residence; bet.
Webster ana Fillmore.
— itreen st., N. side, bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan; fine modern residence; elegant view of
bay. - " - ■'■ -:-- . - ' :■•■■ : ' ■-, ■■■ - - '
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, 4 Montgomery st.
"<_-| rA A A SNAP; MUST BE SOLD; DTA-
«JPXOUU.'mond St.; cottage of 4 rooms, bath
and modern Improvements; large lot; street work
done. BALDWIN <& HAMMOND, 10 Montgom-
ery st. "_'.._ ■ ... \ . .
Si)Af\f\ HAMPSHIRE ST.. NR.2IST; NEW
tj) \J\J, cottage of 5 rooms; bath and modern
Improvements;, lot 25x100: very cheap; easy
terms can be arranged. BALDWIN ds HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
EADTH.IB! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
the San Leandro 'road and main. street to
Fitchburg station;; size-. 100x100; cheap -at $20
per front foot. ___ '
T> ESIDENCE CORN 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500.
BUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCHBURO STA-
Jj tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600; WILL SUB-
dlvide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to borne-seekers. >
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers.
fruits and t vegetables to perfection; -'- splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers ' for
the market.-
ATHER BARGA INS OX THE BEST STREETS
\J in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
-, THaD. 8. FITCH. Fitchburg. -
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., B.P.
TNGLESIDE— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
X near the racetrack, on Flax ton and Graf ton
sts.: 11 rooms and bath, wooden mantels and all
modern Improvements: lot 62:8x125; will be sold
at a great sacrifice. ' G. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
2 Valencia st. . . . ■ . ■■ .;-: ; . ., • ■■:.. ■> ■-
C. BEMIS, ~~~~~~~~~~ •■ ••■■■■ . : .
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR BALK.
- $2600— E. side •of ; Btanyaa st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.- . .
$460— Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet. ■
$6700— 50x127 :6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. ■: -
. $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms ■ each, at
park: 25x137 :tj feet; ; electric ■ road passes houses;
make offer. '.:' '- ; ' :
$8600— Elegant N W. comer of Cole and Carl sts.
' 3Soo— Choice building lots north otparlf.
. Bargain— ssW. cor. Fifth ay. and C St.: 109x96 ft.
übl7bs. NEW cottage home-- -"."
— —$350 CASH— BALANCE $10 PER MONTH.
Cottage of 5 i rooms * and , bath, large basement,
chicken-yard, etc.; good location in Mission, close
to Mission" St.; corner lot, 26x100. Apply G. H.
UAIBSKN& CO., 14 Montgomery St.
DARE OPPORTUNITY TO SECURE A
11 choice cottage In the Western Addition; $4200 ;
$500 down, balance $35 per month, will secure an
elaborate 7-room cottage on Golden Gate aye., bet.
Baker and_Lyon sts.: lot .5x137:6; nearly com-
pleted. TO BIN & McX ALLY. 630 Market St.
<Bi./l"n ABSOLUTELY GIVKN AWAY, LOT
*JC*OU. 25x120, on vv.line of 16th.ave.. near H
St.; 2-story residence adjoining; lot ready to build
on: carlineon H st.: this is a genuine • sacrifice.
Call on owner, room 12, 43 6th St., 1 to 5 p. M. -.
(BjOjlA CORNER LOT- 116x100; NEAR
tJp_jWV7. electric cars, Col ma station. 107 10th.
U>T. COMPLETED; HOUSK; 14 „ ROOMS;
cJ finish natural woods: quartered oak, blrdsere
tnaple, : mahegany,- curly redwood; ■". gas and ? in-
candescent lighting; tiled sinks and baths; marine
view. j cor. Clay and Laurel; owner on premises. ;
Qt~\ * r >^.(\ COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS: BEkKE-
:C 1 X_OU. ley I lot 50x100: 1 near station: $300
down-, $16 monthly. . . ■ . ■ '
$160— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $.76 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
PROPERTY ;TO EXCHANGE.
TIToI^E^EIrrNEARHOTETD^L^ro^fTErON
jjl a lake: 2-story bouse,' barn, chicken-house;
12 lots. mil in ; fruit and 6 kinds of berries;
vegetables crow thriftily all year round. F. • C.
CALDWELL, owner, 325 Ninth St.. Oakland. U
mo KX(;HANGK— LOT IN SAN FRANCISC6,
X clear of incumbrance, for ' upright , piano. Call
or address 1130 East Twenty-second St., Oakland.
TTALE'SKCTIONOFGOODLAND IN TULARE
-HI County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or San Francisco. .- Address A, box 87
Call Oince. - ' ;v ..: :■.-.■'- .. /,
1 '>S!M ACRES TIAIBKR LAND, KEHX CO.;
I Z.Q\t wwn-r: tlnefnrrafo-r--N'Tig. y..hx.l6.Catl
.__.-_ . . MONEY ,TO ; LOAy. : .-:,:.•
A NY AMOUNT ON BONDS/DIAMONDS.
-.' \. watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; Interest low; private entrance;
private rooms: discreet attendants, -at UNCLE
.HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. m •■■-■• : . ■ ■.
'ffil fU\ f\f\f\ AT lowest "RATES;: CITY
IUU.UUU and Oakland: life ■ insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates: any sum.
BHAINWALD.BUCKBKK&CO., 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCKS :.-'■ ON - DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
x\. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without, - re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN .JEWKUtr
• STORE, 948 Market st.: open evening*. ' .' ■ /- .
©/in f\Hf\ °.N FIRST mortgage, IN
tJJ^U.UUvJ sums from $100 to $10,000, at cur-
rent rates. ' KOKNIG <& KROLL, 1006 Broadway,
Oakland.;:; ■.-■■ -:'.^.i- %'..- : -.■.-. : ' '..--■'.'..-
ONKY LYING IDLE; TAKK AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONE Y LOAN UN jKW.ta.LKV AND
l'l other valuables 'at the ' Fecurity Loan Offica *
llO6Marketst..nr. Mason: private »ntranc«7 Turf
,1 \IRECT ON YOUK J-'UKNITURK OR PIANO;
XJ no removal ; no delays; no commissions: lo.v
Interest. - Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market as.'-;
. \ » V AMOUNT: IST. "l\> or 3D MORTGAGKd: ?
xi. estates, undivided Interests, real estate In era.
bate. M cCOLG AN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. |
© Oft f\f\f\ ON IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
t±i)O\J UUU sums not exceeding $1000. : Call at
room 629, Parrott Building. ' : ■•; ■■ .- •■•-■.■ ':.- ■■. -
fltt -rTYUPf NOTDELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
O\J gages: Int. in estates. MURPHY, 62B airkt
-A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWKLKY. KTO
/\ Colnmbia Loan * c;oll«it»r_l OfHr«. 9 Hrun- <«r«.
PAWNBROKERS. n -j':l'-~i^7 : :
i;ORROWERB, ATTENTION — INTEREST
•' saved at the Cut Rate Loan Offlce, room 7,
Flood building, ' 809 Market iv; strictly private;
open evenings; elevator. . . » ■.'/. ■■■' ■.-■. :■ ".. -.*-::
T 126 - KEARN V ST., : ROOM 9— MONEY
' loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. low rates;
private rooms: elevator': pledges for sale cheap.
■ - : ::- : :;^^iH^^:;---- : -- ; - '--'
one y"- to^ l^oan""onTsecuret y. s y l-
VAIN SALOMON. 328 Montgomery, r. , 214.
' ■; . ■ / r . ■•_■_-- . ' i HORSES. V- . . ;' ._^.._ ~~r
9^JKG^Y^U^G^R^FTiSoR^E^rHALTER
'XJ broken; • cheap; - the Hyde ranch. . 630 Com-
mercial st. -■■- - ; -*- -..■- •.••■•■'.•■■■•.' :•■■: ■■; .•.".:-•-•■.'■■'■
ARGAIN— DARK BAY HORsE,I6y a HANDS
high ; r . stylish; new harness and carryall near-
ly new. Apply to E. BROWN, at Otis & Ca's, 318
Montgomery st. ':-;■ ■'--. ' :,'r.-s •:■ :■".■:".•; *,•_■'. ■-•■■■-.
C/\ HEAD DRIVING AaDWOKK HORSES;
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st. ; ,
T EIBOLD HARNESS* COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good '. harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can bay Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st.,S. F. .
1 tA SETS N"KW AND SECOND HAND HAK-
X O\) ness, all : kinds; I wagons, - Doggies," surreys,
rockaways, carts: | must be sold. 1128 Mission »: -
c (\(\ SET NEW, AND; SECOND-HAND HAR-
OKJV ness; all kinds; bnggy.waaon, carts, surrey
& rockaway ; ■40 cheap ' horses. 16th and Valencia.
Aft HOKBK-3 '>'Ott; SALt; ALSO :x WAGONS,
"1/ bnggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor»
Market, 327 Plx-h st. ; auction sales every Wedne*- •.
flay. MULI.IV 'N* it D»YTiK.*'A«ctloti>i»r!i.v..-.-- ■
■ WAGONS f AND CARRIAGES^ ; -
4"^ WAGONS, 7 SUITABLE i FOR : M I LX, " G RO-"
eery and butcher, for sale: cheap. 1835 Mission.
"ADMINISTRATOR'S r SALE— 2 . NEW MILK
A, wagons; 1 new delivery wagon: 1 second-hand
laundry wagon: 1 good top buggy; 6 second-band
buggies:' must be sold at once. Inquire RASMUS-
SEN. 295 Linden aye. :■'- : . : ,;
T?IOR SALE— A (JROCKRY WAGON, NEARLY
J new; cheap. ; 4035 Eighteenth st. v ■
VTEVV AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
i.I ' dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. t ..; ■."-;.• : y.-,-y
LOR « SALE, AT E EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X carriages ;of ■ every description; cash, notes or
installments. • CarvlU Mfg Co., 46-48 Bih St., & F.
. COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. . ___"
LAND TO LEASE— I6SS ACRES. LOCATED
in Sonoma County, 60 miles from • this city; !
station at the place; finest dairy and genera: farm-
ing land in the county: 250 acres fine hay and grain
land, remainder finest grass land, all under good !
fence: finely watered by never-tailing streams: good ■
bouse, barn and outbuildings; all wood necessary, |
for tenan 's use; also 2tO acres nearly all lt-val
land and fine soil: 150 acres now ready to be
seeded: ■' small ' orchard : -- good ■ houses, barns ■ and
outbuildings: finely watered »nd plenty of timber;
th« S. P. station la on the place: IVs miles from
terminus of the S. F. & N. P. R. R.; both of these
places will be teased to reliable tenants at a very
low money rent. Fall particulars of J. T. PETERS
room 3, second floor, Alills building. ;. .
ITTLE HOMES,, CLOSK-TU, .TOWiN r . JM-
proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre places
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H". TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st., Sc F. . •:■ ".-;
OMESTEAD' CLAIM 160 A.; GOOD PROP-
erty; near S. P. R. R. : $250. 330 Pine, r. 22.
QAfl TO 9 100 PER ACRE.
THE MOST CHARMING SPOT %,
IN SANTA CLARA VALLEY,
THE HALE ESTATE TRACT,"
NEAR MOUNTAIN VIEW.
IN SUBDIVISIONS.
• ; BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, _
19 Montgomery St., San Franc
. Or WALTER A. CLARK.
Mountain View.
1 nnn-ACRE stock, grain and fruit
-LV/CU ranch, improved and conveniently lo-
cated ; for sale, exchange or lease. Address box 6,
Santa Rosa.
6 ACRES IN FRUIT, HOUSE, BARN, AT HA
wards: cheap. 872 Washington s., Oakland.
AN TED— TO LEASE 100 TO 500 ACRES:
" Santa Clara Valley preferred; '■ partly im-
proved; water; no fancy prices. Address, full
particulars, Responsible, box 42, Call Office.
rpHE FINEST HOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the rleht
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as the present owner Is not able to
give it the attention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of ho?« the year round.
For particulars address X. V., box G'J, Call Office.
CHICKEN KANCrt FOR SALE— IOOO LAY-
\J ing hens, low rent. C. KNUDSEN, Petalurua.
TO DAIRYMEN— 2SOO ACRES OF LAND AT
san Carlos, San Mateo County, for lease on very
easy terms for a milk dairy: plenty of water and
barn room. Inquire of W. G. WETTER, room 17,
7th floor, Mills building, or T. O. PHELPS, San
Carlos.
ANTED— TO EXCHANGE 12 ACRES AT
"" Greenwood. '. Meudoclno County, for larger
place, suitable cor farming; price not over $3500:
will pay difference. Write, with particulars. G. \VV
ROBINSON, Elk, Mendociuo County.
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes,' or .an orchard | already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
MARIN COUNTY— BOOO ACRES _6 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 10 $75 per
•ere; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment -, Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. : >
\ LA MED A COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
A est in th* Slate: selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, 35 per acre: adjoining latms held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; IVi hours from S.F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
KM^J'UKUUK Liar of ORCHARD HO-MtS
tornlo. WOOSTKK <♦ WH ITTON'. «<i .ln*».
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
<SiOf\f\ CASH; BALANCE $10 PER MONTH:
»!pi.»u house of 5 rooms, bath; lot 50x100;
well, barn, etc.; a bargain. . WILLIAM P. TuDD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. '
7^ HEAT BARGAIN; 5-RoOM COTTAGE AND
VJT bath: own water: stable: lot 60xlC0: between
2 car lines. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway,
Oakland. .. ■ ; .- ■
Vi ILL IT PA\ ? YES!! SEE ALLENDALE
*' Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward fora
home or paying Investment: | Fruitvae, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland level
and choice site; I streets ■ graded; some macadam-
ized: only a few left; fine school; 2 electric roads
near by: conveyance free; $5 cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market s:., S. F.
H. Z JONES, owner-!
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
t^lWy^u^vlJr^ollarTvvill secure a
X lovely : new cottage of 6 rooms: all Improve-
ments. Owner, J.H. YOUNG, 1243 Park at.
C_O'>fJA TO S5OOO-NEW AND MODERN
<J)jiOUv houses on large lots In good locations;
convenient to trains; terms to suit the purchasers.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY. 1364 ■ Park
St.. A lambda. ■ ■■.'■-.■■.-■■ ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. *
<tl T~z7\ ASHBY AYE.,' BERKELEY; LOT
<£)JLXOIs. 50x135: choice location: part cash.
J. SHIELD^, owner, 119 Cumberland St., ■or
O'NEIL <fc CO., Ashby station, Berkeley.
\\[ ILL BUILD A MODERN 5-ROOM . COT-
" tage, with mantel, bath, laundry, basement,
hot and cold water: sewered; lot 40x100; for$1500:
$300 CHBh. $15 per month. . F. BOEGLE, Golden
Gate station. _. , ... ' '-.-
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. O. MAY & CO., real eataM,
buildine and loans. 2123 Center Rt.. Berkeley.
JOSEPH J. MASON. KEaL ESTATE and
O Insurance * i^nt, lerkelev gtatn. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES. ,
F"^^RTRiErrrrnNE^WXY ~Fiaß^flSH^D~icOT^
tage 6 : rooms, Lath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way, East Berkeley. . ■
OR RENT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
on reasonable terms — A completely furnished
home of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; stable,
cuickenhouse; roses, etc.: convenient to railway,
school and university. Address House, box 63,
Call 'ill c. : ■•■','■.' ■
PROPOSALS.
TDROPOSALSFOR^ THIS E RECTION^OP^X
X frame school building and for replanking and
bltuminlzlng schoolyards— Sealed proposals will
be received by the Superintendent of Common
Schools in open session of the Board of Education,
new City Hall, on WEDNESDAY. August 26,
1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for the construction of
a four-classroom frame school building at Sunny-
side, in tbe City and County of San Francisco. -
• Proposals will also be received by said board at
the time 'stated lor replanting I and bltnminizing
certain public school yards. .
: All work to be done . in . accordance with plans
and specifications (and the condition* mentioned
therein) to be seen at the office of CHARLES I.
HAVENS, architect of said board, room 55. Flood
building, corner Fourth and Market streets. Union
labor only to be employed on said work. *
■ . The board reserves the right .to reject any or all
bids, as the public good may require. -
GEORGE BEAXaTON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS < FOR PAINTING SCHOOL-
X houses— Sealed i proposals will be received by
the Superintendent of Common Schools In open
session of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
on -. WEDNESDAY, August 26. 1890, at ' 8:30
o'clock p. it, for painting the interior and exterior
of certain schoolbouses In tbe City and County of
San Francisco : in accordance • with specifications
(and the conditions mentioned therein) to be seen
at tne office of CHaRLKS I. HAVEN «, archl tect
of said board, room 55, ; Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market streets. Bids will be consid-
ered only from " parries actually : engaged In the'
business of house painting. Union labor only to
be employed on this work. ■■•: -«^M9NpHnnM*4
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as the public good may require.
OKOKOK B" A\sl 11N. Secretary. ■'
; ATTORNEYS-
_ DVICE FREE^dxv^R^B^AWS^aTspEC?
Sx. alty: private;? no charge unless successful: all
law Baits, claims, i collection*, wills, deeds, eta, as»
tended to. U. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, BSU .Mar Vet.
J^OAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 636 PARROTT
-Li I bulldins: . consultations , free; i moderate fees\
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH- "
out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFRKSS, 402 Montgomery St., room 18. ■•■■■
DVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SCO
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON,- 927 Market st. •
F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW.SBIPARiCOTT
i « bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
W. KING, ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW CHRON-
. icle olds: advice free: moderate: open evngs.
::.■-.■■;» :{[■:; -STORAGE.""/-:":..,;:;
STORAGK— CHEAPEST IN^rH^TTr^r^FlßK-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin..
J FURNITURE.- PIANOS, . TRUNKS: '■■■.■ AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
AB. SMITH FURNIT ORE : CO., - 132 ELLIS;
-CV. low rates: I fire- proof building: Kaaiern plat-- .
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
FRANK SHAY, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.' ROOM
421. fourth floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
JOHN E. rtICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. BOOMS
i 'ii and -, 27, Crocker . building; telephone Main
75, Kan Francisco, Cal. •--■''•.: . :r
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
O attys at law, nua 516,516, sth floor, Parrott oldg.
. LOST.
QMALL "DAYBOOK OF WINE DBALEr]
0 August 20. v Return to Santa Cru% Wine Depot,
corner ;■. Minna and Lafayette . streets, and get re-
ward. -"; . ','_.■ ''.-f-- : ~ : .i-'.'- -•-•'•,--:■!
G" OLLECTOR i LOST HIS UOOK WITH ALL
\J ■ the bills therein. Whoever brings it to this
ottice wilrbe rewarded., -.' ; ; ;
LOST— Al GUST 11, ONE RED AND WHITE
greyhound bitch. > Return to 456 Stevensou
St.: reward. ; ;, ; '
OST-BIG SPITZ DOG: MALE. RETURN
to 838 Mission si. and receive reward.
7 os i— AT TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE, SATUR-
J J day, July 25, iv ry opera-glasses." Return 10
2015% Kills st: $10 reward.
OST — SUNDAY AtTKRNOON.. l l6Tir;
small black silk uara?o!, carved -Ivory handle.
Return to 2614 Laguna st. and receive reward.
OST— UPPKR SET OF TEETH. Rt-TURN
J ■I to Bookstore, 530 Montgomery St., and receive
reward of $2. : ■;. ' ■'
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
nIa Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
in the name of JOSKPH A. B. HULL, No. 192-
-1406. The finder will return to bank. -.' .
\ vVEiiKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
.-\ WEEKLY CALL. In* wrapper, for mailing.
THE DIVORCE RECORD. T
Comnialnt filed: . ,~~
Bichette Dlni against Attilio Dini. ■ ■ -
Divorce granted:
Marie D. Wood from W. Rey Wood, for negleot;
by Judge Slack. Custody of minor child awarded
to plaintiff. •
BiiLTHS— MARRIAGES— DMiti
BORN. '
ANDERSON— In this city, August 21, 1896, to the
wife o; R.. Anderson, a daughter. >' ' ' v
MARRIED.
BUf.LITT— RALSTON— In Oakland. August 19,
1896, at St. Paul's Church, by the Right Rev.
William Ford Nichols, assisted by the Rev. Rob-
ert Ritchie, Dr. James Bell Bullitt of Louisville,
Ky., and Clare Selby Ralston, daughter of An-
drew J. Ralston.
ELLIOT— SMITH— In Alameda, Cal., August 20.
1*96, by the Rev. W. M. Lane, George H. Elliot
of Alameda and Edith Smith of Crawleydown,
" Sussex, England. ' N ... .
HYMAN— RAPHAEL-In this city. August 16.
1896. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Max Hyman and
Gussie Raphael. : ■
MEYER-RAPHAEL-In this city,. August 16,
1893, ' by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Jacob Meyer and
Minnie Raphael. - i
GENSLER— In this city, August 16.
1896. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Max Moses and
Cebella Gensler.
SCHLANKKR— BLITZ-In this city, August 9,
1895. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Ben SchlanKer
and Eva Blitz. ■ : "- :
SCHNEIDER— San Rafael, An-
gust 5. 1896. George Schneider and Annie Tray-
ers (nee Badger both or San i-'ranclsco.
6ir,BKBSTINE-COONEY— In this city, August
9, 1833. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Julius C. Silber-
. silne of St. Helena and Gertrude F. Cooney. '
AN-MATHEWS-In this city, August 18,
1H96. T. W. B. Swan and Charlotte W. Mathews.
DIED. ,
Bendt, Henry A. McSweeney, H.
Classon. Andrew S. Murray, William
Dubose. Krnest Powers, Peter ■
Forsyth. Elizabeth Rowland, Leota F.
George, Frel J. .-- Scalmanlnl, Venuta
Hancock. Esther Scott. William
Judd, Lenora ' scovllle, Jaruas A.
Kroll. Henry Stoney, Mrs. Anna M.
MacGunlgal, Michael Strahle. Annie E.
Mcßean, Mr*. C V. Wlckham, Catherine T.
Worth, Samuel J.
ANDERSON— In this city, August 21. 1896, Gua-
tav Martin Kaiser Anderson, dearly beloved
son of Gene vie ye Anderson, stepson of Andrew
Anderson, and brother of Emma Anderson,' a
native of California, aged 20 years and 10 months.
BENDT-In Ponora. Mexico, Henrjr A. B»ndt,
beloved husband of Mrs. H. A. Bendt of Ala-
meda, and brother of William Bendt of San Fran-
cisco and Mrs. Doro.hy Perkins of Sonoma
County, Cal.
CLASSON— In this city, August 20, 1896, Andrew
S. Classon, stepfather of Mrs. T. Thompson, a
native of Russia, aged 47 years 1 month and 23
davH. ■ ■ ...■-■■ ■-. i ■ .■■ ■
: t£g- Friends and acquaintances and officers and
members of Court san Francisco No. 7, F. of A.,
»re respectfully invited to attend the funeral
TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. *.. from
. Alcazar building, under the auspices of Court
San' Francisco No. 7, -. F. of A. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DUBOSE— In this city. August 19, 1896, Ernest
Dubo<e. a native of France, aged 28 years.
FORSYTH-In this city, Elizabeth Forsyth. be-
loved mother of George W . Forsyth, a native of
Ireland, aged 44 years.*
a3f-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), from the parlors of H. P. Ptterson
<X Co. Interment private.
GEORGE— In Salt Lake City, Utah, August 21,
1898, Fred J. George, late of San Francisco, be-
loved «on ot : Mary George, a native of Sacra-
mento, Cal., aged ,23 years 11 months and 15
days. ■-. .".. ;;'■ ; . • '.-• ■/■■'' ••--».'.«
HANCOCK— In this city. August 20, 1896. Ember
; Hancock, beloved mother of Mrs- Charles Green
- and Lizzie Hancock, a native of County Antrim,
" Ireland, aged 68 years. '
£s" Friend* are respectfully invited to attend
: the funeral services TO-MORROW (Sunday), at
- 2 o'clock p. m., at her late residence, 630 Florida
street, corner > Nineteenth. Interment private,
. | Masonic Cemetery.
JUDD— In this city. August 20, 1896. * Lenora, be.
loved wife of : Edward Judd, a native of Mln-
ueiska. Minn., aged 22 years.
- 49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 1835 Howard street,' between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
: ;KOLL— In Oakland, August 21, 1896. Henry
Kroll. father of W. F. and Louis Kroll, a native
of Germany, aged 89 . years 4 months and 22
days. : ' ■ - '-'■■ '-■:■-'■
Friends ' and acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. m.. from the German
Methodist Church. Seventeenth street, between
San Pablo and Telegraph avenues. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
McBEAN— In Oakland. August 29, 1896. Mrs.
Coraline V. Mcßean, a native of New York, aged
65 years 1 month and 1 day.
MacGUNIGAL— this city, August 19, 1896.
- Michael 'MacGunigal, an e*-Unton soldier, a na-
tive of New York, aged 64 years. • ■ .
X^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock P. m., from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
McSWEENEY— In this cltv. August 17, 1896, H.
McSweeney, a native of Ireland, aged 35 years.
MURRAY— In this city. August 19, 1896, Wil-
liam, beloved son of John and Catherine Mur-
ray, and brother of Joseph,' Kittle. Hattle and
Sadie Murray. Mrs. P. Ferdinandsen and Mrs.
N. Spinks, a native of San Francisco.
flrS-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his lat«
residence, 1502 Leavenworth street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
. way. where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the - repose ;of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. ' Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, at St. Mary's Hospital.
Peter Powers, a native of Ireland, aged 38 years.
' ' sa~Friends . and acqulantances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOtIROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of James McManus, Seventh and Castro
street, thence to the Church of the Immaculate
Conception, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. k. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. ■ :|^_Q|JJJ_PBB
ST. P. A. of A.— Officers and members of Oakland
Alliance No. 5. St. Patrick's Alliance of America,
' are notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Peter Powers, TO-MORROW (Sunday),
' at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from ' the parlors of James
Me Manns. Seventh and Castro streets, Oakland.
By order of > A r T. J. DESMOND, President.
ROWLAND— this city, August 20, 1893. Leota
Frances, beloved daughter of Manning and Mary
Rowland, a native of san Francisco, aged 1 year
6 months and 23 days. .'^SSMMMBMtadSBfIHRX
tST Friends ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of the parents. 228 Va Perry street. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery. " ■
SC ALMANINI— In Agnews. August 20. 1898,
Venuta « Scalmanlnl. beloved wife of Giovanni
ecalrnsiiiini. and mother of Manllo, Fannie and
Clella Scalmanlnl. a native of Switzerland, aged
29 years and 10 months. V-:
XirNotice of funeral hereafter. .
SCOTT— In this city, August 21, 1896. William
Scot:, husband of Hessle McK. Scott, a native of
Carlisle, Pa., aged 60 years.
BCOVILLE— Iu Temescal. August 20, 1898, James
A. Scovllle, a native of New York; aged 74 years
5 months and 24 days.
STONEY— In Pinopolis, S. C, August 14, 1896,
Mrs. Anna M. Stoney, mother of the lats Thomas
P. Stoney of San Francisco, aged 86 years. 'SSg^jj
STRAHLE— In this city, August VI, 1896. Annie
Emtlle. loving wire of Robert Strahle, and daugh-
ter of Fredrick and Llsette Fischer, and sister of
Kddle Fischer, a native of ■ Ban Francisco, aged
21 years 3 months and 1 1 days. . ;
■ . XT-Friends and ' acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at -2 . o'clock ,p. m.. at her . late real-
v dence,' 1244 ; Sanchez : street, near Twenty-sixth.
WICKHAM- In this city. August 21. 1896, Cath-
erine T.. beloved wife of Jam -s H. .Wlckham,
a hatlve of : Ireland, aged 82 years 5 months and
■■■ 3d>ys. ■:;■: ; . .:;"■: :•.: -■ --- ■■ ■>■■.'
WOHTH-In San Rafael, August 21, 1898, Samuel
judk Worth, beloved husband of i Nellie Worth,
' an. l father of Judd. ;, Samuel and : Raymond
Worth, a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years
'10 months and 2«5 days. - .„ . . . . .
'■'■ 4EBT Friends are rspecttullv' Invited to atteni
V the fiineral services TO-MORROW (Sunday), at
2 o'clock p. x., at ; the rooms of N. Gray <& Co.,
611 Sacramento street. Interment - Laurel Hill
- Cemetery. ■:
I NIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
1 FONERAL DIiECTORS * EMBALMKBS,
j 80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
; Telephone 3080. ■■}
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO i COUNTY; NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 997 ' Market
street, southeast corner of sixth.
1516
FORAKER AND
TELLER COMING,
Efforts Being Made to Have
" Them Speak in This
State. .
STARS OF THE FORUM.
One Will Speak for Tariff Pro
tection and the Other
for Silver.
PLANS OF THEIR PARTISANS.
McLaughlin in Correspondence With
Foraker— Teller May Speak in
Five Cities.
Foraker and Teller, two of the greatest
orators of the tnited States, will in all
probability be heard by the people of Cali
fornia during the coming campaign.
Chairman McLaughlin of the Republi
can State Central Committee is now in
correspondence with the Republican Na
tional Committee with the object of hav
ing the eloquent Senator from Ohio come
out here, and George W. Baker, the chair-
SENATOR HENRY M. TELLER of Colorado, Who Is Expected to
Arrive on This Coast Shortly to Lecture.
man of the Silver party of California, is
endeavoring to make arrangements to have
the great silver advocate of Colorado open
the silver campaign in this State.
"I have written to the National Com
mittee," said Chairman McLaughlin, when
asked about the matter yesterday, "asking
that Senator Foraker be sent to California
to aid the party in the coming campaign.
But the Senator was preparing to go to
Europe when the matter was submitted to
him and was unable to give a positive an
swer, as he did not know when be would
be back from his contemplated trip. He
stated, however, that he would very much
like to come to this State to speak for the
party, and added that if it was at ail pos
sible for him to find tne time when he re
turned he would certainly mate the trip.
"That is the wav the matter now stands,
but we shall allow no etiance to go by
which will aid us to carry out this idea of
bringing so able and so well-known a man
to the assistance of the party in California.
As soon as he returns from Europe the
subject will again be called to nis atten
tion and to that of the National Commit
tee."
Little more than a week ago George W.
BaKer wrote a letter to Senator Henry M.
Teller requesting him to come 10 Califor
nia to open the campaign for the freecoin
age of silver some time between the 25th
and 30th of the current month. Senator
Teller was away at the time the letter
reached his home and it was opened by
his private secretary, who replied to Mr.
Baker, informing him of the fact that the
Senator was away in the interior and add
ing that immediately upon his return the
communication of Mr. Baker would be
submitted to him and his determination
telegraphed to Mr. Baker.
In speaking of the matter last night Mr.
Baker said :
"It was our wish to have Senator Teller
with us this month, but that I find is now
impossible, as he has Eastern engage
ments which will keep him there tor some
Jittle time yet. I am confident, however,
that he will corue to California, and his
first appearance will be the occasion of the
SEW TO-DAT.
TACpiTw
AND
BLEEDING
My little boy tv afflicted with Eczema In
acute form for a year, during which we tried
: ■without success every known remedy. The dig- v
order appeared on the right cheek and was of a '
, blietery and bloody form. Hit pillow, morning*,
would bear the bloody imprint of the side of his '
face, while it was impossible to prevent him
from scratching his face owing to the itching.
Advised to try Cuncciu, I bought a box. Tho •
first application was made at night, and it is a
fact, that the appearance of the affected parti*
showed a noticeable improvement thenexlmorn-
ing, and, continuing the treatment, as a result,
my child ha* as fair and smooth skin as can be ",'
found anywhere.
■.■;......■. W. 8. NEEDHAM, Pataskala, O.
Bp«edt Curb Treatment. - W«rm baths; with
Cotichra Soap, frentl«! application of Cuticd«a (oint- ■ '
. menu, the (treat »kin cure, and mild dotu of Cuticuea
< Eesolvest, irreateit of humor cur«. : r --•• .■-.:•
Sold throaphmit the world. ; Price, Ccttccba. Mci :
.Soap. 2.V.; K«soltemt, Me and »1. Pott** Drcq
>kd Chkm. Corp.. Sole Prom, Boston. --•/*- - . '
* . mr " Ho w to Cure Erttj Skin CUeut." ailed Am. 4 [
-- - . ..-■•■: '■.-.-,. ■ * '
greatest gathering of silver people that
this State has ever seen. A telegram is ex
pected from him any day informing us
whether he will be able to come to the
coast, and fixing the date of his depar
ture.
"It is our purpose to have him sp^ak in
five of the cities of the State. These cities
will be San Francisco, Los Angeles, Oak
land, San Jose and Sacramento."
It is known that the idea of having Sena
tor Teller come to California was inspired
by the p!an of having the great economic
issues of the campaign discussed at the
Sacramento State Fair. When the mat
ter was mentioned to Mr. Baker he imme
diately offered to furnish the speaker on
the silver question, and said that he would
pledge himself to bring the Colorado
orator to California and to have him dis
cuss the benefits of the free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to lat the great
State Fair symposium.
HEARTLESS CRUELTY.
A Gripman Allows a Mission - Street
Car to Run Cver a Valuable
Gordon Setter.
Michael Kelly of the City Corporation
Yard reports the loss of a valuable wnite
Gordon setter under peculiarly aggra
vated circumstances of cruelty. On Thurs
day evening shortly after 8 o'clock the
animal was run over by car 1020 of the
Mission-street line, being so severely in
jured that policeman 68, who happened
to be near by, in mercy ended its suffer
ings by shooting it through the head.
The howls of the suffering brute and the
report of the pistol attracted quite a
crowd and execrations of the gripman's
heartlessness were many and unsparing;.
"Confound you!" exclaimed J. L. Fer
ren of 1011 Mission street, shaking his fist
at the gripman, "If that dog were mine I
would shoot you dead."
"Ta, ta!" was the gripman's airy re
sponse as the cai sped off, leaving naught
but a pool of blood and- the echo of a
mocking laugh in its wake.
Instances of a similar sort have been re
ported with some frequency at the office
of the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals, four having been sent in
during the present week. Complaints of
the reckless brutality evinced by certain
gripmen of the road will, it is said, soon
be presented in court.
» ■♦ — •
ON ACCOUNT OF A SIGN.
Manufacturers and Producers Hold a
Special Meeting.
A special meeting of the Manufacturers'
Association was held yesterday afternoon,
called by President Julian Sonntag for
the purpose of discussing the action to be
taken in the matter of the large sign
placed across the Pavilion reading, "The
Mechanics' Fair."
It was decided on motion of Director
Bowers to postpone action until after the
meeting of the Mechanics'* Institute direc
tors on Tuesday evening next.
A committee of four was appointed by
the president to attend that meeting and
report to the president. The committee
consists of Directors Bowers, Kerr, Sbar
boro and Currier.
The manufacturers desire the fact of the
exposition being one of home industries
brought out clearly.
BURGLAR SCARED AWAY,
He Stole From the Room of Jus
tice Field in the Palace
Hotel.
A Man Arrested, but Mrs. Field Cou'd
Not Identify Him — The St.
Nicholas R bbery.
A strange man was discovered in Jus
tice Field's room in the Palace Hotel on
Monday last by Mrs. Field. The man
made a rush to get away, but was stopped
by Mrs. Field and asked what he was do
ing there.
The man hesitated and stammered,
finally saying that he was a messenger
from the White House, and had been sent
with a bundle of goods. He was asked to
explain, as no , goods 5 had been ordered,
but the man took his departure before he
! made an explanation. Shortly afterward
a . purse containg $6. belonging fto ? the
maid, was missed, v,— -' •
Police - headquarters was notified and
detectives } were * detailed rto investigate.
Detectives Gibson and Wren arrested a
man yesterday afternoon and took him to
Justine Field's room, Mrs. Field on see
ing him said • she would ■ not Ibe positive
that he was the man, so the prisoner was
discharged. The police are still hunting
for the thief and expect to have ' him", in
custody soon. ' ,::: ; ; r :
: The St. Nicholas Hotel was a day or two
ago robbed by a skillful sneakthief, and it
is thought the same man may be the one
who visited the rooms of the distinguished
jurist. . The 'I thief . is described ' as a small
man j with ? ; a round ft face and a small
light-colored mustache.
,r The police are very reticent on the mat
ter and positively refuse to give any par
ticulars. . ■•-.••: ■■•.'.; :.; ; ; : ;»,':;T : V:?:^
■ ■ .. .. — — . — » » ♦ _ - ; :■
( (One ; million \ will ~f, read f "Mechanics' Fair
Daily." Advertise now. Mjrsell EollinsJM £»•- *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1890.
*NEW GOODS AND SACRIFICE PRICES S
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 10 Cents.
110 dozen LARGE-SIZE COLORED BOR-
DER HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, warranted fast colors, regu-
lar price $1 80 a dozen, will be offered
at 10c each.
At 15 Cents.
65 dozen SUPER WEIGHT SEAMLESS
NATURAL GRAY WOOL HAL/
HOSE, regular price $3 a dozen, will
be offered at 15c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
250 dozen CONSUELO TECKS, BRYN-
MAWR, HAND-COVERED, STOCK-
SHIELD BOWS, in black satins, silks
and failles, especially designed for high
turned-down collars, adjustable bows,
De Joinville scarte and clubhouse ties,
regular price 50c, will be closed out at
25c each.
At 25 Cents.
120 dozen FAST-COLOR MEDIUM
WEIGHT OXFORD PRINT, MAD-
RAS AND CHEVIOT WAISTS, made
with three box-pleats in front, two on
back, nickel-plated buttons on waist-
band, regular price 35c, will be offered
at 25c each.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR.
At 12^ Cents.
150 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED
SEAMLESS COTTON HOSE, spliced
heels and toes, fast Dlack, worth 20c,
will be closed out at 12^c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
125 dozen MISSES' FINE RIBBED
BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE,
double knees, heels and toes, Herms-
dort black, regular vaiue $4 80a dozen,
will be closed out at 25c a pair, all sizes.
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' FINE GAUGE
BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, extra
high-spliced heels and toes. Hermsdorf
black, retrular vaiue $4 20 a dozen, will
be closed out at 25c a pair.
At 33 l A Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' INGRAIN BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, unbleached
feet, double heels and toes, regular
price 50c, will be closed out at 33}^c a
pair.
At 25 Cents Each.
50dnzen BOYS' CAMELS-HAIR
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS will be
closed out at 25c eacn.
At 25 Cents Each.
75 dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIB-
BED EGYPTIAN VESTS and PANTS,
regular price 40c, will be closed out at
25c each.
STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.^
l/Jf Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets.
WOODLAND PROGRAMME
Rich Purses and All of the Best
Horses in Training En
tered.
The Trotters, Pacers and Runners to
Have a Chance Each Cay of
the Meet.
The management of the Woodland race
meet has deemed it advisable to mix the
trottine, pacing and running events up
and not have three days of trotting and
three of running, as originally intended.
This looks like a very wise move and will
no doubt result in a more uniform at
tendance throughout the meeting.
The programme aa arranged is as fol
lows:
First day— Monday, August 34.
First race— No. 2. Class 2:20, trottine. Purse
$500.
Second race — Running event — No. 2. Purse
$250, selling. For three-year-olds and up
ward; top price, $600; 3 pounds allowed
for each $100 to $100. Half-mile heaU.
Third race— Running event— No. 4.BlPurse
$250. For horses of all ages, 15 pounds be
low the scale. Winners penalized 2 pounds
for every victory since January 1, 1896, in a
purse or selling race, but shall carry 3 pounds
in addition for every stake with maidens,
three years old or upward, allowed 7 pounds
when they have started three or more time*
Otherwise allowed but three pounds. Six fur
longs.
Second day — August 25.
First race— No. 4. Class 2 :17, trotting. Purse
$500.
Second race— No. 12. Class 2:20, pacing.
Purse $500.
Third raoe— Running event— No. 3. Purse
$300, handicap. For three-year-olds and up
ward. One mile.
Third d;.y— Wednesday, August 26.
First race— No. 6. Class 2:25, pacing. Purse
$500.
Second race— Running event— No. 1. Purse
$200. For horses of all ages, non-winners in
1896. Weights 10 pounds below the scale.
Five-eighths of a mile.
Tnird race— Running event— No. 5. Purse
$200, selling. All ages; top price $700; 2
pounds allowed for each $100 to $100. Thir
teen-sixteenths of a mile.
Fourth — race — Running event— No. 8. Purse
$250. for horses three years old or upward.
Ten pounds below the scale. Winners of a
race in 1896 worth $500 to the winner penal
ized 3 pounds; one worth $1000 or more to
the winner in 1896 penalized 7 pounds; win
ners of four races of any sort in 1896 to carry
7 pounds additional; maidens beaten two or
more times this season allowed 5 pounds. Six
furlongs.
Fourth day — Thursday, August 27.
First race— No. 7. Class 2:12 pacing. Purse
$500.
Second race— No. 10. Class 2:11 trotting.
Purse $600.
Third race— Running event — No. 6. Purse
$250. Weights 12 pounds below the scale.
Winners of one race since January 1, 1896,
penalized 2 pounds; of two races, 5 pounds; of
three or more races since January 1, 1896, 8
pounds. Maidens, three years old or upward,
allowed 7 pounds. Five furlongs.
Fourth race— Running event— No. 7. Purse
$300. Handicap. For three-year-olds and up
ward. One and a sixteenth miles.
Fifth day— Friday, Augst 28.
First race— No. 11. Class 2:24 trotting, purse
$500.
Second race— running event— No. 9. Purse,
$200. Selling. Top price, $800; two pounds
allowed foreachsloo tosloo. Fire-eighths of
a mile.
'1 hird race — running event — No. 10. Purse,
$250. For two-year-olds. Winners of two or
more races in 1896 penalized five pounds;
maidens that have startea three or more times
allowed five pounds; maidens unplaced 1-2-3
in three or more starts allowed eight pounds.
Four and a half furlongs.
Sixth day— Saturday, August 29.
First race— No. 8. Class 2:15 trotting, purse
$500.
Second race— No. 3. Class 2:15 pacing, purse
$500.
Tnird race— Running "event— No. 12. Purse
$250. For horses of all ages, fifteen pounds
below the scale; two pounds penalty for every
winner in 1896. Horses starting three or more
times in 1896, and iieing unplaced 1-2-3, al
lowed five pouuds additional. Seven furlongs.
ArmbuHten Gains a Victory.
* i>... »~ th. rjnitMi Siß.ua Circuit Court r«-
Our SUPERB DISPLAY of advance styles and novelties in Fall
goods and the CROWD-BRINGING BARGAINS offered to clear out
all Spring and Summer goods are strongly re-enforced as attractions
by the appended and many other
Specially Heavy Reductions Made to
Close a Great Week's Business.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS,
laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy
checks and stripes, worth 75c, will be
closed out at 25c each.
At 60 Cents.
120 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED
SHIRT WAISTS, in black and white,
navy and red stripes, regular price $1,
will be closed out at 60c each.
At 75 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in fancy tan and black
stripes, yoke corded with black, regu-
lar price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c
each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, made of
heavy muslin, yoke band finished with
ruffle of embroidery, extra good vaiue
at 50c.
At 75 Cents.
LADIEB'LAWN DRAWERS, "umbrella"
finished, with insertion and ruffle of
Jace, regular price $1 25, will be offered
at 75c.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISES, yoke of
embroidery, regular price 75c, will be
offered at 50c.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, made of
heavy muslin, sailor collar, large
sleeves, regular price $1, will be closed
out at 75c each.
ml/ Murphy Building,
Market an Jones Streets.
turned a verdict yesterday in favor of Charles
J. Armbusten against the Fort Wayne Electric
Company for $750. This was a suit bronght
by Armbusten to recover $2000 on an assigned
claim of Attorney Boone who represented the
defendants in the recent litigation in this City,
in which the Freemans figured so prominently.
The Fort Wayne people disputed the claim,
whereupon Boone sold it to Armbusten.
PICNIC AND REUNION.
St. Joseph's Parish to Take an Outing
In Shell Mound Park.
To-morrow in Shell Mound Park St.
Joseph's Parish will hold a picnic, this
being the first given by the parish in ten
years.
The committee of arrangements has
completed all preparations, and a genuine
good time and reunion are anticipated.
The committee has secured a promise
from the railroad company that trains will
be run on the Berkeley route every half
hour and all through the day.
8. 8. Thompson, the well-known piper,
will play for the Irish jig and reel con
tests.
The following have contributed prizes to
be won in the tames and contests: Dr. E.
P. Driscoll, the Rev. F. P. Scanlan, Cen
tral Lumber Company, W. J. Hawkins,
M.D., A. A. Andrews, Sheriff R. L
Whelan, Mrs. Forsythe, Irvine Bros.,
Mr. Cavagnaro, Hayden's market, Young
& Lyon and Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.
THE INGLESIDE OFFICIALS
Captain J. H. Rees and J. W.
Wilson to Occupy the
Judges' Stand.
A Splendid Outlook for the Coming
Season— October 28 to Be the
Opening Day.
When the Ingleside track reopens the
face of Joe Murphy, the St. Louis ex
newspaper man and turfman, will be
missed from the stand. The position of
presiding and associate judges of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club have been offered
and accepted by Captain James H. Reea
of Memphis, Term., and J. W. Wilson of
Sacramento. Captain Rees is, without
doubt, one of the most popular turfmen
that ever paid this part of the country a
visit, and Mr. Wilson will be remembered
as the gentleman who created such a fa
vorable impression b7 his rulings while
tilling the position of presiding judge
during the latter part of the past racing;
season at Ingleside after the departure of
Captain Rees for tne East.
Touching on the coming racing season
Secretary Leake of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club is in receipt of a letter from
Captain Rees in which the genial Southern
turfman says:
"If all the horsemen go to San Fran
cisco this winter that say they are going
you will have to have a line of *Übles to
the ocean."
This is certainly good news for the local
racegoers.
President A. B. Bpreckels of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club and President Williams
of the California Jockey Club held a con
sultation yesterday, at which it was de
cided that the California Jockey Club
would open the racing season this fall on
October 19 and continue until and in
cluding October 27.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club will com
mence its meeting on October 28 and con
tinue two weeks, alternating every two
weeks thereafter with the California
Jockey Club until March 28, 1897, the date
of the expiration of the agreement exist
ing between the two associations.
The change of the date of the opening of
the meeting was necessary in order not to
conflict with the race meeting at Los
Anwales. which closes October 17.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
At 5 Cents Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEM-
STITCHED FINE LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, %, }4 and 1 inch hem.
regular price $1 20 a dozen, reduced to
5c each.
At 5 Cents Each.
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEM-
STITCHED LAWN HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with open work corners and
initial, regular price $1 20 a dozen, will
be closed out at 5c each.
VEILING ! VEILING !
At 25 Cents a Yard.
DOUBLE AND THREE-QUARTER
WIDTH CHENILLE DOTTED TUX-
EDO VEILING, regular price 50c, will
be offered at 25c a yard.
At 50 Cents a Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CREAM
CHANTILLY BORDERED VEIL-
ING, dotted and figured, regular price
75c and $1, reduced to 50c each.
NECKWEAR ! NECKWEAR !
At 65 Cents Each.
BUTTER ORIENTAL LACE COLLARS,
LINEN BATISTE COLLARS, regu-
lar price $1, $1 25 and $1 50, reduced to
65c each.
At $2.00 and $2.50 Each.
CHIFFON FRONTS, trimmed with In-
sertion, regular price $4 and $4 50, re-
duced to $2 and $2 50 each.
yilf Murphy Building, j
Market aid Jones SMi
DISTRICT RULER OF ELKS
Louis H. Brown Appointed Head
of the Order en the
Coast.
General R' organization in Progress
and New Local Lodge to Be
Installed.
Hon. Louis H. Brown, Secretary of State,
was yesterday appointed district deputy
grand exalted ruler of the Elks by Grand
Exalted Ruler Meade D. Detweiler, head of
Secretary of State Louis H. Brown,
Yesterday Appointed District Deputy
Grand Exalted Kuler of the Elks.
the order in the United States, who is now
in this City reors/anizins: the local lodge.
This appointment is but one of the fea
tures of the reorganization of Elks now in
progress here.
A new lodge is to be instituted early
next week, founded upon the best mem
bers of the former lodge, with the addi
tion of men of prominence in professional
and society circles in this City.
In fact the Eiks are to make a fresh start
with a membership that in itself will com
mend the order. Mr. Brown at once ac
cepted the appointment tendered him
yesterday. Other changes ot an official
nature will be made in the next tew days.
It will be remembered that Mr. Det
weiler came out here a few days ago from
Honisburg, Pa., for the express purpose of
investigating the dissension that had been
known to exist for some time in the lodge
of Elks in San Francisco. He found that
there had been two factions and that each
had blackballed the names Droposed by
the others until it was not possible to in
crease the membership.
There was also something said in regard
to the Elks' annual carnival ball in the
Mechanics' Pavilion, having been one of
the subjects in dispute. Mr. Detweiler,
after making a careful examination of the
situation, revoked the charter, declared
against carnivals and prepared to reor
ganize with the material best calculated
to insure an amicable and successful
future.
MISSION BURGLARIES,
The Police Unable to Put a Stop to
1 1 ii use break in p.
Thursday afternoon, between the hours
of 3 and 5, P. Holland's hous«, 228 Capp
street, was entered. Several of the doors
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
LADIES' KID QLOVES.
At 50 Cents.
300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
biack. regular value $1, will be closed
out at 50c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
400 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
white and black, fancy colored em-
broidered backs, regular vaiue $1 25,
will be closed out at 75c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
300 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs, colors navy, red, brown, tan and
mode, also black, regular value $1 25,
will be closed out at 75c a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 15 Cents.
FANCY AND SHADED RIBBONS, 3
inches wide, all silk, value 35c, will be
closed out at 15c a yard.
At 15 Cents.
No. 7 EXTRA QUALITY DOUBLE
FACED SATIN RIBBONS, in biack,
value 25c, will be closed out at 15c a
yard. %
PARASOLS ! PARASOLS !
At $1.00.
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in satin
(lined), will be closed out at $1 each.
At $1.50.
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gros-
grain silk, with ruffles, will be closed
out at $1 50 each.
IrC/ Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Street!
were broken open and much valuable
property, including a gold watch and two
chains, was stolen. * Silver and plated
ware, together with a lot of small gold and
silver trinkets, also fell into the hands of
the thieves. There is no clew to the
burglars.
» ♦ »
FRNCH CAPITAL IN MINES.
LouU P. Devot and His Investments in
Coast Gold Properties.
Louis P. Devot of Paris, who is with
other French capitalists the owner of the
Flagstaff quartz mine ana the Clark Creek
placer mine, near Baker City, Or., is at the
Occidental. Mr. Devot is a military officer
and has for some time been stationed at
Versailles. This is the first time he has
ever visited America.
Physically and in voice and manner be
greatly resembles Max O'Rell. He is
greatly interested in the campaign that is
being waged in the United States.
"I found much activity in the mines of
Baker City," said Mr. Devot, "and I was
assured that were it not for politics it
would be much livelier. lam doing con
siderable work on the claims which we
own there. They promise to become very
rich properties. This country looks very
new to me, but it has great resources. I
hope I shall be able to become interested
in other large properties in Oregon and
elsewhere on the coast."
DID NOT GET A QUORUM
The Grand Jury Thereupon Ad
journed for One
Week.
Expert Dunn to Examine the Books
of the Edison Light and Power
Company.
The regular weekly session of the Grand
Jury was not held yesterday because a
quorum could not De obtained. This is the
first time since the jury was organized last
December that an adjournment has been
taken on account of the absence ol mem
bers.
The expert of thegury, Horace D. Dunn,
was on the sick list for several days. He
reported for duty last Thursday. He has
been instructed to examine the books and
accounts of the Edison Light and Power
Company in order to ascertain if any
money has been expended by this corpora
tion to obtain favor from the Board of
Supervisors.
The foreman and secretary of the Grand
Jury have not received any intimation
that the company will place obstacles in
the path of this examination. It is ex
pected that the expert will begin the in
spection next Monday.
Yesterday A. P. Black, Assistant Dis
trict Attorney, communicated with Regis
trar Hinton to ascertain if the latter had
some case 3of illegal registration which
ought to be investigated by the Grand
Jury. It was agreed that the Registrar
should place in the hands of the District
Attorney all the important facts de
veloped by the examination of the Regis
trar's lists, and the Grand Jury at the ses
sion to beheld Friday will get the facts
from the District Attorney.
Registrar Hinton has positive proof that
one applicant for a place on the precinct
board gave a talse return of his residence
in order to secure the appointment.
The Registrar does not regard the en
rollment of 73,000 names as indicative of
bogus registration. He fi nred that 74,000
voters would be registered, hence the
number enrolled falls 1000 short of his cal
culations.
LADIES' SUITS.
At $4.90.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED REEF-
ER SUITS, in gray, tim and brown
mottled effects, lined throughout; also
Navy and Black Cheviot Suits, with
skirts lined; worth $10, will be closed
out at $4 90 each.
LADIES' JACKETS.
At $1.85.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED JACK-
ETS. in a variety of shades and styles,
very good materials, worth $6 and $750,
will be closed out at $1 85 each.
LADIES' CAPES.
At ~$T45.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, in
dark and medium shades, braided and
embroidered; also Double Capes, blact
and colored: both capes neatly braid-
ed, worth $5, will be closed out at $1 45
each.
At $2.95.
LADIES' DOUBLE RIPPLE CAPES of
plain cheviot, in shades of tan, black
and navy, both capes and roiling col-
lar trimmed with soutache braid, up-
per cape trimmed with stitched bands
of cloth and small pearl buttons, worth
$7 50, will be closed out at $2 95 each.
CHfLDREtVS JACKETS.
At $1.45.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, ranging in size
from 4 to 12 years, in gray and brown
checks and mottled effects, also solid
colors, made with sailor collars of same
and contrasting shades, worth $3, will
be closed out at $1 45 each,
LADIES' SUITS.
A full line of REEFER SUITS, made of
fancy mixed materials, in light and
medium shades, handsomely finished,
will be closed out at one-haif regular
price.
LADIES' VELVET CAPES.
At~s3T4s.
LADIES' RIPPLE SINGLE CAPES of
black velvet, lined with twilled silk
and trimmed with ribbon and narrow
passementerie; also Ripple Capes of
black velvet, neatly jetted and neck
finished with ribbon and lace, worth
$8 50, will be closed out at $3 45 each.
IJ/ij Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
THE MUSE'S FAVORITE.
She Will Receive a Prize for a Poem on
Admission Day.
At the com in X fair under the aus
pices of the Mechanics' Institute and the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion for the special exercises for Admission
Day, September 9, a prize of $25 will be
offered for the best poem of from fifty to
150 lines in length, on the subject of Ad
mission Day, written by a Native Daugh
ter.
All poems are to be delivered to Joseph
M. Cumming, secretary of the Mechanics'
Institute, at the Mechanics' Pavilion, not
later than September 1. The poem will
be read at the Admission Day celebration
exercises on September 9.
SEW TO-DAY.
■■;'■.• ' AT THE ■:'-
No- Percentage Pharmacy.
953 Market Street.
We have secured the services of an emi-
nent Physician and Surgeon, a reliable,
honest man, who will hereafter treat all
patients applying to us at a very small
charge.
CONSULTATION FREE
Including chemical and microscopical
analysis of the urine.
The poor treated
FREE OF CHARGE
Between 9 and 10 in the morning.
We will guarantee an absolute cure In
every case we undertake. None but cura-
ble ".,■ cases - treated. We especially urge
those who have received ' no benefit from
other physicians to call or write to the
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 Market Street,
;.-'..•:• South side. bet. Fifth and Sixth. '
P^^^^g He does wear
HnP^fl "STANDARD"
li^lsP' ' "ffl Shirts, and I
P^pK^^jJpL told him to. I
■^^VS^^f^like them be-
M j^i^lvlv^ cause they are
If l\i I W economical, and
|j\ \)i he likes them
/ W^J ilk because they're
PV ' //lM Californian.
A 1 :S v '
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOHNEY-AT.
\J l»w »nd Notary Public, (iii Market ; at, opp».
i Hie P»J»ce HotaL : Telephone 670. ' it«itd«ao« l*it