VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 11.
CROOKED WORK WAS DONE
BY LONG GREEN'S PROTECTOR
Allen and Abbott Swore That the Alleged Foul Blow
Was on the Pit of Sharkey's
Stomach.
Long Green and the "Examiner"
in a Very Disreputable
Transaction.
THE JOB IN SHARKEV3 ROOM. |
■•.fiiram Cook Was a Fair Referep,and
Therefore Andy Lawn nee Did
Not Recommend Kirn.
Long Green Lawrence, the Examiner's
managing editor, did not recommend
IJiram Ccok as referee, because Mr. Cook
bad quietly given Dan Lynch to under
stand that he would decide in tavor of
tha winner, no matter who he might oe.
According lo the testimony of Trainer
Allen, Lynch and Sharkey did not wane
a fair referee. "That won't do for
v?," said Sharkey. Siiarkey had Wyatt I
Earp of the Examiner in his eye.
The fact that Long Green induced Gibbs |
and Groom to write a letter to The Call
. with the object of showing that Mr. BuS
ker of the Report and Mr. Simpson of
the Chronicle had also recommended Earp
for the position of referee is regarded as
a confession of guilt on Long Green's J
part, for both thesa gentlemen have;
branded the statement as a lie and placed
the burden where it belongs, upon the
shoulders of Lawrence and the Examiner, i
As an illustration of the low trickery j
resorted to by Long Green in order to |
niaice it appear that other newspapers i
besides the Examiner had given Wyatt j
Earp the glad hand, the reader is reminded j
of the visit to the Chronicle office of Earp !
and Police Lieutenant Esoia, the latter a i
relative of Long Green Lawrence, and '
whose position in the Police Department ;
was obtained through Long Green's influ
ence as one of the powers that be on the j
Examiner. It will be remembered that ;
Esola asked City Editor Simpson for a !
complimentary ticket to admit Wyatt
Earp to the hall in which the Sharkey- j
Fitzsimmons ri^ht was to take place. Earp
oould have got a ticket from bis ward,
Lone Green, bat it would be better that tne j
ticket sftould have come from the Cnroni- ■
cie,-so 'hat the Examiner could have said ,
' 'frhat the Chronicle had approved of the
selection of Earp.
r- Every day's developments clinch the
fact that the whole affair was a fake and a
I conspiracy on the part of the Sharkey
crowd and that Managing Editor Law
jence of the Examiner assisted in tne plot
by recommending and procuring the se
lection of Wyatt Earp, his bosom friend,
as referee.
Wyatt Earp has resumed his position as
bodyguard and special writer for the Ex
aminer, for that paper contained yester
day a signed article by Earp.
George Allen and William Abbott went
on the stand in Judge Sanderson's court
yesterday morning and corroborated the
• s atement made the day before by Billy
Smith te the effect that Sharkey's injury
on which the foul was declared was a fake.
Both the witnesses saw the knockout
blows delivered and both were positive
that the alleged foul blow was landed on
the pit of Sharkey's stomacn and not be
low the belt, as claimed.
They told of the visit of Dr. B. B. Lee to
Sharkey's room and of Lynch ordering
tliem out while the doctor was there — a
proceeding which Allen regarded as un- j
called for and unusual in his case, seeing
that he was one of Sharkey's trainers and
tbat there was no occasion for secrecy if
everything was fair and above board.
Sharkey returned to this City from Val- j
lejo yesterday afternoon, and was followed i
up Market street from the Baldwin Hotel !
to the Windsor by a crowd of small Doys, j
guzing in open-mouthed wonder at the
sturdy sailor who almost whipped that
fine elocutionist, Mr. Corbett, and who
had the honor of being knocked out by
Fitzsiramons.
The sailor looked as though he had been
encaged in a battle with a bulldog and bad
£0t the worse of the encounter. His left
ear was bandaged and poulticed, he had a
freshly healed scar on his mouth, and^was
pale and interesting enough to be the hero
of one of Pierce Egan's novel?. People
stopped on the sidewalk and turned
around to look after him as he walked
along with a slight limp and wearing a
gratified smile on his face.
Similarly, when Mr. Fitzsimmons, in a
long black overcoat and shining silk hat,
left ihe City Hall and walked down the
street with Julian and Lynch, he. too,
was followed by a crowd of admiring men
nnd boys.
All tne people accused of being in the
conspiracy are vehemently denying the
statements made by Sharkey's trainer.
POWERS FORCING THE REFUNDING BILL.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 10.— The Republican members of the House Committee on Rules to-day held a confer
ence and decided to report the Powers resolution favorably to the House, setting January 5 for consideration of the Pacific
roads refunding bill, debate to continue four days.
Representatives Barham and Hilborn appeared before the commutes and protested against allowing a consideration
of the bill.
Tbe following is a literal quotation from that part of Attorney-General Harmon's report in which he speaks of
Pacific railroads:
"I have grave doubts as to the ability of the Government to preserve the present situation much longer. lam
advised that one attempt will be made to enforce the Government's appearance in tha foreclosure case, with a view of giv
ing a complete title to the purchaser at the foreclosure sale. While I believe the position heretofore taken and still main
tained f< r the Government is the true one — namely: that its appearance cannot be compelled — it must be confessed.
» that the contention of those opposing is at least debatable, viz.: that, while the Government cannot be sued with a view
1 to recovery against it, it may properly be made a pany to a suit in equity brought by tne holders of bonds issued by its
express consent upon property which it has itself reserved as a lien. As ihe only object of steadfastly keeping the Govern
ment out of the cases thus far has been to secure some favorable solution of the difficult problem prssented by its owner
ship of a subordinate security upon property whose value is generally believed to be insufficient to pay in full any but the
first-mortgage liens, I think that, unless the pending bill be passed and accepted, the Government should endeavor to
secure terms for its appearance in court in the way of an assurance of such bid on the property, in case of judicial sale, as
will secure to it a fair realization of the value of its lien, if this is not done and the Government shoulrt be compelled to
sue to protect its own interest, or required to appear and set up its claim in the pending cases, the benefit of the position
so long maintained may be largely lost."
The San Francisco Call.
Billy Smith. Hiram Cook corroborates
Smith's testimony as to Lynch having
called upon him, but says that Lynch did
not make any crooked proposition to him.
He told Lynch, in explanation of his state
of mind as a referee, that if Cook's own
brother were engaged in a boxing conte-t
with a Chinaman, and tne Chinaman dis
played more scientific points than his op
ponent, he (Cook) would decide in favor
of the Chinaman. Lynch remarked that
he wanted a fair referee, and that is prob
ably the reason why ha selected a horse
racer and gambler instead of Mr. Cook,
who has been honestly identified with
boxing contests in this City for more
than twenty years past.
On the opening of court it was agreed
by the counsel ihat all depositions on
both sides be taken on this occasion, "in
order," added General Barnes, "that the
fullest investigation may be made of this
fraud, if there be a fraud."
George Allen, the assistant trainer of
Sharkey, took the stand to tell about the
great sporting conspiracy. His story was
to the effect that he relieved Billy Smith
when Billy was tiled, and boxed with
Sharkey every other day, after which he
rubbed the pugilist down.
Sbarkey never took him into his confi
dence regarding the light, hence the state
ment of the witness was confined to what
occurred in the prize ring. When he saw
Sharkey knocked down in the eighth
round he ran upon the stage and waved a
towel, but a policeman caught hold of
him and pushed him down. After the
gong struck the sixth second he threw up
a towel, thinking that Sharkey had been
knocked out and that he could no longer
continue the fight.
The witness illustrated to the court the
manner in which Fitzsimmons delivered
the knockout blows. Alter making a
couple of feints Sharkey led forFitz, but
his blow fell short, whereupon Fitzsim
nions came down with what is called a
left-hand shift, and the blow landed di
rectly in the pit of Sharkey's stomach.
This was followed with an uppercuton
the jaw, knocking charliey into a sitting
position, after which he fell back on the j
Hat of his back.
At the time these blows were delivered
Allen was facing Sharkey, with Fitzsim
mons' back toward him, and he saw the
fist of the Cornißhman land on the pit or
Sbarkey's stomach, a part of the body
winch is above the belt. Smith grabbed
Sharkey around the waist and with the
assistance of Allen, Needham and others
packed the fighter into the dressinc-room. ',
He was not knocked out or unconscious, j
but he was as limp as a wet rag and
groaned. They handled him rather
roughly, but he did not complain. Allen
and Smith proceeded to unlace Sbarsey's
shoes and were about to take off his
trunks when Lynch perempiorily forbade
any disrobing of the beaten fighter until
they bad got to tie hotel.
When they brought the fighter to his
room and put him to bed the witness had
a good view of Sharkey's person and saw
no signs of injury on any part of the body
except the head. Sharkey made no com
plaint of the supposed injury, nor did he
say a word about having been struck a
foul blow.
While they were attending Sharkey in
the dressing-room Gibbs hnmmered on
the door and demanded admission. Gibbs
said that he had Dr. Lustis; with him and
that tha doctor wanted to examine Sbar
key's injuries. Lynch replied that he
would admit only Gibbs "and no other
"; that no doctor would be allowed
to see his principal until they got to the
hotel.
Allen described the manner in which
Sharkey was bundled into a hack and
taken to room 15 in the Windsor House.
Although not treated with that care which
would be required if be were injured in
the manner claimed by his friends, Shar-
Key made no complaint of pain except in
his swollen ear. A man who declared that
he was a doctor came in after the fighter
had been put to bed, and Lynch made
Alien and Smith go out of the room into
the hall, while Iseedham, Lynch and the
ooctor remained in the bedroom. Allen
heard Sharkey "sing out," and explained
tho expression by saying that the fighter
yelled with pain.
The witness thought that it was very
strange that he and Smith should have
been ordered out of the room. They were
yet his trainers, they had not been dis
charged and their duty was to attend to
their principal so lons as there was any
reason to suppose that he was injured.
Allen relieved Madden the next morn
ing, and by Maddens instructions re
newed the bandage on Sharkey's cauli
flower ear every half hour and changed Ihe
bandaees on another part of the body.
Lynch came in during the forenoon and
gave Allen five $20 pieces. The witness
supposed that this sum was merely on ac
count of his services as trainer, to do him
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
j while knocking around town for a day or
two, but when he was informed by Shar
key that that was his full pay he told Shar
key that he must be a pretty chean fellow.
Allen expected to receive $50 out of every
$1000 in the purso, or $500. Lynch after
ward gave him $i>o a~d NeeJham raitdo
him a present of $50 more. Allen *as not
the chief second of Sharkey in the fight.
| He was the bottle-holder, and had charge
j of the buckets of water, the towels, etc.,
i his pnrticular core being to see that no
; body drugsed the water which Sharkey
drank or with which he was washed.
General Barnes put Allen through a
vigorous cross-examination, but failed to
shake his testimony in the least. The wit
j ness did not give a satisfactory explana
tion of the reason why he threw up the
towel at the end of seconds without
waiting until the gong struck ten seconds.
I His statemont was that he saw that
I Sharkey was out of the fight, and that it
| was the duty of any second to throw up
I the sponge when he believed his man
could no longer continue in the fight.
The general got his fincers in the trap a
few minutes later when he asked the wit
ness whether he had ever attended a man
injured in the manner in which Sharkey
was believed to be. Allen replied promptly
i that he once attended a prize- fighter who
had received just such an injury in Balla
j rat, Australia. It was a foul blow and im
: mediately after the man fell he was so
swollen that it was found necessary to cut
off his trunks".
William Abbott was the next witness.
He is a good-looking man with a rakish
j bang over his forehead. His business is
| thai of a saloon-keeper at lilO Grant ave
nue. He described the knockout of
Sharkey and bow he assisted in packing
! Sharkey from the ring to the dressing
room.
With regard to what happened in the
dreasing-room the witness corroborated
the testimony of Smith and Allen and
added that when Lynch gave orders not
to admit any doctors Lynch added that
he had a friend of fcfia own who was a doc
tor and for whom he had sent.
Abbott described now Lynch ordered
him and Alien and Smith outof Sharkey's
bedroom in the Windsor Hotel when Dr.
Lee came in, how he saw Sharkey when
stripped and put to bed, and failed to dis
cover any blood, bruises or discoloration s
below the belt.
His description of the knockout blows
was the same as that given by Allen. One
blow was on thfe pit of the stomach, which
made Sharkey double up, nnd the next
blow was a left upper hook in the face.
Abbott explained his interest in the
matter by saying that he was not em ployed
to attend Sharkey, but he was a friend of
Allen and was helping him out. He was
Continual on Fifth I'uge.
LIFE.
HEARST JOURNALISM— Sketched from life.
LILIUOKALANI TO
SEE McKINLEY
His Brother Was Her
Friend aDd Kalakaua's
Trusted Adviser.
NOT TO SEE CLEVELAND
She May Visit England and
P.ace the Cause of Hawaii
Bsiore Men of Power.
NO BELLIGERENT DESIRES.
The Ex-Queen of the Rainbow Islands
Sees Reporters, but Declines to
Discuss Her Affairs.
The most distinguished passenger on
the steamer China yesterday was ex-Queen
Liliuokalani o- Hawaii, who came unan
nounced and as modestly as Oiin of old,
though bent on a mission of great import
to her people, whose cause she will advo
cate in this country and England. She
will see President-elect McKinley while
here, but will not visit President Cleve
land.
The first intimation of the coming of the
ex-Queen was received by Colonel George
Macfarlane of the Hawaiian Commercial
Company, who has been sojourning here
for some weeks. He received a message
as soon as the steamer came to meet the
ex sovereign at the wharf at once. As the
olonel had been chamberlain to the late
King Kalakaua, Liliuokalani's brother, he
hastened to meet the dethroned ruler.
The ex- Queen aud her party. consisting
of a maid and companion, were hastily
driven to the California Hotel, where phe
is now at home to her old friends and ac
cessible to the press.
Though freely granting an interview,
the late reigning Queen had little of im
portance to say.
Courteous and easy in manner, with evi
dences of refinement, Lilioukulani is sus
picious of nev.-spaper men, for which rea
son she gracefully declines to answer
questions that might divulge her plans. A
bitter experience has sharpened her wits
and taught her great caution.
"I have scarcely formulated my plans
yet," said the iate Queen, "and 1 cannot
even say whether I shall go East or to
London. Matters may arise at any mo
ment to change any plans I might make,"
The chief topic of the distinguished
Hawaiian woman's conversation was the
voyage and the wonders of her native
land. She speaks eloquently of Hnle
maumau's awfnl fires, t< 11s of Pele's hair
and of Kilauea's thundering billows of
flame, but knows little of politics or of her
own plans.
No public character more deftly parries
the interviewer or more successfully dis
tracts attention from the subject at hand,
but in spite of her care the general pur
pose of tlie visit is known.
The ex-Queen, so those closest to her
say, comes to America for the purpose of
having a long and detailed interview with
President-elect McKinley on matters per
taining to the Hawaiian people and the
political affairs of the island.
. The natives still look upon her as their
leader, and while they abandon the idea j
of monarchy they will largely follow her j
advice on annexation and like questions.
There are many reasons why the ex
ruler of Hawaii expects courteous treat
ment and a sympathetic hearing from the
coming ruler of the United States. David
McKiniey was a brother of the President
elect. He loved Hawaii and the Hawaiians
and was for many years the trusted con- j
Bill-general of little Hawaii, in this coun
try.
Ho was tne personal friend of Liliuo- ]
kalani and her brother, King Kalakaua,
and the adviser and trusted representative |
of King Kalakaua. It is for these reasons, j
among others, that the ex-Queen will call j
upon Major McKinley, having already re- !
ceived quite direct assurances that she will
be given a thorough hearing.
"It is absolutely unknown," said Col
onel Macfirlane last night, "what view
Liliuokalani takes of the complicated
question of annexation, and the rumor
that she will seek to hurt the cause of an
nexation is a mere guess."
That the distinguished visitor will not
seek an audience with President Cleve
land is as certain as that she will try to see
Major McKinley. It is understood irom
authentic sources that LiliuoKalani, while
thankful to President Cleveland for what
he first undertook in her behalf, is dis
gusted with the result.
It is said she believes he backed down
in the Hawaiian question, being afraiu to
confront the current of public opinion.
It is almost certain that Liliuokalani
will visit London before the returns to the
sunny isles of the semi-tropic seas, and
that while there she will confer with Prin
cess Kaiulani and her father, Hon. H. S.
Cleghorn.
This belief is current among well-in
formed royalists here, who believe that
the ex-Queen's coming has long been
known to the elect few.
There are few so rash as to tl.ink that
the Hawaiians are plotting another revo
EX-QUEEN LILIUOKALANI of the Hawaiian Islands, Who Is
Now in San Francisco*
lution, though thoughtful and well-in
lornied people believe that the ex-Queen's
coming to America has great political
significance.
It is thought to mean, at least, that she
coiiiP3 as a special pleader and distin
guished leader for thos^ who are making
an effort to gain more civil liberties in the
islands. They demand a broader govern
ment than they have to-day. They do not
seek to become hostile, yet they think they
have too little to say to-day.
There were many callers on the ex-
Queen last night, among the first being
Frederick Wundenberg, formerly a mem
ber of her Cabinet, and Henry Crocker,
who offered her a box at the horse show
to-night, which, it is understood, she will
accept.
Colonel Macfarlane denies that he ia
familiar with the ex-Queen's plans in de
tail, yet he would not deny that her mis
sion is partly of a political character. He
even thought it highly probable that she
would call on the President-elect before
her departure from the United States.
The fact that her plans embrace visits
to men in high pieces in this country and
Ensland is not denied by any who are
close to the inner circle that has at heart
the welfare of the old royalist faction.
The ex-Queen does not seem to have aged
much during the terrible misfortunes that
have befallen her and her people in the
past three 3 r ears. Her voice is soft, her
conversation is easy and she does not strike
one as suffering from deep melancholy.
She dresses and demeans herself with
grent modesty and her manner is dignified
and reserved. Her old friends still address
her as "Your Majesty."
Jtebrlm Loot <t Town
PARIS, Fbance, Dec. 10.— Advices from
Antananarivo, Madagascar, say that on
the night of November 18 the rebels
looted the town of Ambohimunga, ten
miles from the capital, capturing forty
prisoners and all the cattle. The English
residents made their escape.
PmCJ/FIYE CENTS.
CUBA LOST
TO SPAIN
Senator Cullom Says That
This Country Must Stop
the War.
HUMANITY CRIES FOR
INTERVENTION.
The Present Situation on the
Island Cannot Continue
Much Longer.
PATRIOTS' BLOOD CONSECRATED
TO LIBERIY.
It Is Tims for Uncle Sam to Say That
No Charnel-House of Ruin
Shall Ec Continued.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 10. -The
independence of Cuba and the recognition
of the insurgents as a regularly organized,
government had two advocates in th* Sen
ate to-day in the person of Cullom (R.) of
Illinois and Call (D.) of Florida. Lullora
delivered a carefully prepared speech in
support of his views, while Call contented
himself with a brief, decisive statement.
The bill to restrict immigration was
taken up as unfinished business — a motion
by Gibson (D.) of Maryland to postpone
its consideration until the first Monday in
January had been defeated by a vote of 13
to 57. A number of amendments to the
text of the bill were offered or suggested,
but no action was taken on any of them,
although they were discussed a couple of^
hours, and at 3:55 P. M. the Senate ad
journed till Monday.
On motion of Aldrich (R.) of Rhode
Island it was agreed that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be until Monday.
A bill to authorize the Judges of tha
United States District Court to appoint
stenographers was introduced by Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska, and was referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
A resolution was offered Dy Mitchell
(R.) of Ohio, and was adopted, for the
appointment of three Senators 10 make
the necessary arrangements for the in
auguration of the President-elect on the
4th of March next. At the close of tho
morning hour Cullom addressed the Sen
ate on the subject of Cuban independence.
He prefaced his speecn with the introduc
tion of a joint resolution declaring "that
the extinction ol Spanish title and ter
mination of Spanish control in the islands
at the gateway of the Gulf of Mexico are
necessary to the welfare of those islands
and of the peopls of the United States."
Mr. Cullom, after a brief reference to
the President's message in regard to the
issue of Cuba, said:
We are already placed in such position that
some certain course of action must be adopted.
Whatever course It may be it must be such as
shall give proper recognition to the rights,
under existing conditions, belonging re
spectively to Spain and Cuba. It must also
recognize the rights and prerogatives of the
world at large — of the nations and the people
who stand aloof aud watch with deepest in
terest this struggle for independence and for
liberty against absolutism. Among the re
sponsibilities imposed upon us as a nation ia
the conservation of our own rights and in
terests. In fact, this latter is the cetermining
factor which must control our course.
While I am indisposed to criticize Presi
dent Cleveland, I may properly sny that I had
hoped he would find occasion to give more
positive or emphatic expression of the true
American continental policy, which ought to
be invoked in all cases whero the liberty and in
dependence of the peoples of the American con
tinent are involved. And further, I think we
ought never to hesitate or delay when the
lines of this policy run parallel and coinci
dent with those of common humanity. There
may be no warrant or international law for
interference between a government and its
subject?, provided that government belongs to
the family of nations or is recognized as one of
the powers of the earth. Still, does not the
great henrt of humanity beat in sympathy
with the poor souls apparently forgotten by
the Master and left to bear the burdens of
cruel and relentless oppression? Is there no
way, no light, no hope? Must the brutality of
might alone define the offense and. mete out
the pena'.ty with no human power to whom
Intercession may be made?
Having sketched the career of tha
former Spanish-American colonies, Mr.
Cullom went on:
While all the provinces which have rebelled
and separated Irom Spain have become pro&
perous and fairly well-conditioned independ
ent countries, the feeble motner count r y has
gradually fuilen into lower and lower estate,
depending and almost relying for existence
upon the stolen gold levied upon Cuba, Puerto
Rico and tne Philippine Islands. Spain con
tinues to be what sue has always been— a
robber nation. I speak now of tne nation and
not of her people.
We violated every precedent by the declara
tion of our own independence on July 4,
1776. We had no precedent, nor did we even
ask for advice as to the change in 1789 from a
confederation to a union of States. When we
announced the Monroe doctrine in 1823 it
was in defiance of precedent and was the de
termination of a rule which has become a law
and will never be gainsaid.
When we announced not many months ago
that we should intervene In the matter of the
Venezuela boundary and see for ourselves if
our rights were to be concluded by foreign
dictation we followed no precedent but that
of good American common-sense. And com
mon-sense has won. We now have reached
the time to take another step in advance. We
have already proclaimed that the United
States wi'.l have something to say regarding
mattprs affecting the American continent and
we should now announce that the speedy ter
mination of Spanish control of the islands
at the gateway of the Mexican gulf is neces
sary alike to the welfare of those islands and
to the people of the United Str.tes.
The present situation cannot continue. A
population of 950,000 white Cubans and 500,
--000 colored Cubans, aggregating 1,450,000
persons, will never yield and ought never to
submit to the bloodr military rule oi 160,000
Spanish residents. The Spanish element which
has always controlled and dominated Cuba
since Its discovery numbers only about one
tenth of its population. Columbus declared
"this is the most beautiful land ever beheld2
by human eyes ' in October, 1492. Now, in
1896, it is given over to devastation aud de
struction. Within its borders rnges a war
which on both sides is declared to be a
war of extermination on tne one hand, or
liberty and Spanish exclusion on the other.
This condition must cease. The Spanish after
two years' war have lai led to establish peace
and the insurgents have failed to reach their
hoped-for independence.
This war of extermination must stop. This
Congress of the UDited States has already
recognized by tolemn resolution the belliger
ent rights of Cuba, but bo long as it has not
received the executive approval it has no
force. And if it had it is conceded that some
other course must be taken. The questiou to
be determined Is not fully clear except that
the war must cease. To the average Spanish
gentleman, Spain is the object of adoration,
but Spain without Cuba is to him the world
without the sun. The revenue from Cuba has
been the chief joy of Spain for mauy years,
and if Cuba should now be separated from the
Spanish throne the situation would cease to
siiine upon the Alhambra.
Cuba to-day is lost to Spain. The public
proclamation of Spanish defeat may not have
teen officially and definitely announced, but
in truth and fact the submission of Cuba will
never again be yielded as of old. The tribute
of $25,000,000 to if 40,000,000 annually so
long exacted will never again replenish the
treasury of Spain. The struggles of 1895 and
1896" muy sadly cripple Cuba, but they will
ruin Spain. Cuba, with rts wonderful soil
and climate and its unparalleled capabilities,
will regain in material wealth and growth
under Denign influences far more than she
lias lost. The blood of her people spilled upon
her soil will yield a growth of independent
citizenship consecrated to liberty. This age
is not an age of retrogression.
Whatever may be stud regarding our duty
as a Nation toward a friendly power which is
striving to supuress au insurrection in Cuba,
still no one, either in America or Europe, mis
understands the situation. Every humane
heart, American or foreign, sympa hizes
deeply and sincerely, not with the rapine aud
pillage by which the insurgents in Cuba seen
to weaken their enemies, but with the spirit
which leads them to look constantly and with
hope toward that star of liberty which they
believe will lead them to Cuba libre.
The American people are coming to the con
sideration of the Cuban situation, as they al
rendy have in certain ether case.", as a great
political question— a continental question, if
you please. And as a political and continental
question tt will be decided ultimately by the
continent whose interests are most clearly in
volved. Geographically considered Cuba can
no: belong to Spain. Geographically Cuba is
in American waters and politically ii is en
titlea to Statehood in the continent of Ameri
can republics. This great continental ques
tion, therefore, when stripped of all complica
tions, becomes in plainer, simple language,
"Shall Cuba be free?"
This country will never consent to the trans
lormation of Cuba into a slave-pen for the
holding in servitude of the captured patriots
and insurgents who are fighting for the barest
rights of men. We will not permit that island,
a land which has the brightest possibilities
for a people of intelligence and enterprise, to
be tnadu the abiding-place of death and de
struction. This war now being waged is
avowedly a war oi extermination or utter
crubhiug out of liberty on Cubu's 50,000
square miles of territory. Think of ltl An
island which in ordinary years exports more
than a million tons of sugar and many mil
lions of dollars in value of • other products.
Hag the United States no interest in our own
trade and commerce with an island from
which we receive lui;y 90 per cent of the vast
sugar product and much the larger part of ah
her other productions? The interest of the
United States, counting all thlr.gs passing be
tween the two countries, reaches perhaps
$100,000,000 annually, and already this trade
ha^ been practically wiped out.
I believe it to be the duty of the United
States to use the great power attaching to the
Nation to declare and maintain a prerogative
ot rieht belonging generally to repu'tilicnn
i'-m and specifically to this Republic, that no
charnel-house of ruin shall be continued in
the West Indian waters, whose waves break at
our very front gate, any longer than the time
it shuil require to break it up. And if the duty
of suppressing tbis damning blot and erasing
it forever from sight shall fall upon the United
States, so be it. Have we fallen so low as to
have forgotten the sacrifices which men ol
genius and character and honor made in be
half of this country in its days pf trouble?
We shall not stand alone in the warfare which
may follow in behalf of common humanity.
Nation after nation will make joint cause with
us in sucn a struggle, and when we have suc
ceeded and shall have made into law the prin
ciple, and made into history the fact, every
other country worth naming will regret its
mistake in not participating in the humane
work.
The effort cannot fail* We shall not wage
any warfare for the acquisition of territory for
ourselves. We shall not claim Cuba as a re
ward for saving her from the slaugnter, but we
will not see that fair island turned again to
the mercies of wild beasts and vultures of war
whose only stimulus is gain. Cuba libre— free
Cuba — is the reward, and what a glorious re
ward that will be! Every citizen of the United
States will feel that his American birthright
an as American freeman will mean something.
A settlement must be made. The account
has been open and running long enough. To
its settlement we may properly invite the co
operation of all the republics of the American
continent. If other means fail we may con
sider the propriety of a fair purchase of Cuba.
That method has had its share of considera
tion by Americans. Not that we want the ter
ritory, but we mean that the trouble shall
meet a just settlement and construction.
The wisdom and discretion of an American
President and Cabinet can safely find a way
to determine the trouble without imperiling
the interest of our country or our people I
have little choice or preference as to the par
ticular method, but I do want, and I know the
public expects, a settlement on a humane and
just basis. The United States can do no less
vhan to initiate this effort for humanity and
liberty.
At the conclusion of Cullom's SDeech
Call (D.) of Florida then took the floor
and epoke on the CuDan question. Call's
joint resolution was at the close of his
speech referred to the Committee on For
eign Relations.
The bill to amend the immigration
laws was then taken up as unfinished
business.
Gibson (D.) of Maryland favored the
postponement of the consideration of the
bill till after the holidays.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts, in charge
of the bill, opposed any postponement.
Gibson made the formal motion that the
bill be postponed until the first Monday
in January.
The Senate by a. vote of 13 ayes and 37
noes resolved to postpone consideration of
the bill.
The Senate substitute for the House bill
was agreed to and then the substitute was
open for independent amendments.
Sewell (R.) of New Jersey moved to
amend the first paragraph so as to make it
exclude "all persons over 14 years of age
who cannot read and write the language
of their native country, or some other lan
guage, except that an aged or minor per
son not so able to read or write, who is
the parent, grandparent, child or wife of
an admissible immigrant, may accom
pany or be seat by ouch immigrant."
Vest (D. ) of Missouri protested against
the application of the test of illiteracy to
women and girls. He said that really at
the bottom of t c whole question was the
restriction of the immigrant Totes. He
did not see now the workmanship or
labor of a man who could not read or
writo debarred the labor or workmanship
of anybody else. But certainly the argu
ment against illiterate immigration could
not apply to domestic servants.
Lodge replied to Ve3t's comments, and
sa>d the amendment offered by the Sena
tor from Missouri should not be adopted,
as it takes away from the force and scope
of the bill, none too great.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire also
opposed Vest's amendment. He reminded
the Senate that tne National Conventions
of both parties hod declared in favor of
the restriction of iniraiEration. If he was
wrong in that statement no one was more,
competent to correct him than the present
occupant of the chair (Hill D. of New
York), who was thoroughly familiar with
these piatforms. [Laughter.]
Without action on either of the pending
amendments tbe Senate proceeded to the
consideration of executive business, and
at 3:55 adjourned until Monday.
QUEBEC'S INCREASING DEBT.
Has a Bonded Indebtedness of $32,000,
-000 Which Means $16 for Every
Man. Woman and Child.
NEW YoRK. N. V., Dec. 10.— A Sun
special from Quebec says: Treasurer At
water yesterday delivered the budget
speech of the Government, dealing with
the provincial finances, in the House of
Assembly. In addition to its share of the
enormous public debt of the Dominion of
Caaada, his statement shows that the pro
vince of Quebec has a bonded debt of over
$32,000,000, which is at the rate of $16 per
head for every man, woman and child.
This debt has all been piled up since the
commencement of the Confederation in
1867, and $9,0C0,C00 of it was added during
the five years of the Mercier regime.
For ten years past there has been a large
annual deficit in the public accounts.
This has been wiped out by the Imposi
tion of new taxes aud some economies un
der tbe Governments that succeeded to
that of Mr. Mercier, and now tne direct
taxes are to be repealed with the excep
tion of those upon successions of property.
The last to be abolished this year is that
on transfers of reel estate. ■
For Ihe past fiscal year the Treasurer re
ports a surplus of revenue over expendi
tures of $'_'H6,888. The actual receipts
were $4,331,196. The province receives a
subsidy trom the Dominion of about
$1,000,000 a year to keep it going, and its
next largest source of revenue is ihe crown
lands, which last year yielded $1,045,000,
though ten years ago the amount was
only $700,000." The Treasurer asks for
power to convert the public debt and
promises by so doing to save $200,000 a
year in interest charges.
Several of the provisional loans bear in
terest at 4to 5 per cent. It is proposed to
issue for tnese forty-year bonds, bearing
interest at 3 per cent, and a sinking fund
will be established to provide for extin
guishing the excess of the public debt cap
ital when it becomes due, which if created
by the additional amount of bonds to be
issued to realize by their sale a sufficient
amount to buy in outstanding debentures
at the premium at which they are quoted
in consequence of their high rate of inter
est. The Liberal opposition in the Legis
lature will propose a number oi motions
of non-confidence in the Government,
based upon its management of the
finances.
FOUL CRIME OF A PREACHER.
An Evangelist Arrested on a Charge of
Murdering His Wile Whose Body
Is Found in a Pond.
WESTCHESTER, Pa., Dec. 10.— School
children to-day found the body of a woman
in tbe rond in this town. They gave the
alarm, and the body was taken from the
water and identified as the wife of Rev.
Samuel Bailey, an evangelist, who has
been living here since last spring. In
quiries made by the police have placed
the preacher in a delicate position, and
he was arrested and held to await the re
sult of the Coroner's inquest, which will
be held late this evening. The woman, it
is generally believed, was murdered. For
some time there has b<?en trouble between
the couple. Last week Mrs. Bailey ran to
a neighbor's house, and told how her hus
band had attacked her with a butcber
tnile. Siie had escaped him after a aes
perate struggle. Liter he had asked her
Jor forgiveness and she returned to her
home.
The accuser! preacher acknowledged
that he and his wife had been Jiving un
happily, and said that she frequently
threatened to commit suicide. He declares
that she arose about 4 o'clock Saturday
morning and lete t the house. He did not
see her again, but on Tuesday nisht he
received a letter, which was mailed at
Media, in which she stated she was going
to kill herself.
TO ESCAPE INDICIMENTS.
Standard Oil Vffi~i<ilM Mafce a Test Case
in Texas.
WACO, Tex., Dec. 10.— The Grand Jury
two years ago indicted the officers and
incorporators of the Standard Oil Com
pany, including John D. Rockefeller,
Henry M. Flagler and H. Clay Pierce,
charging them with violating the Texas
trus'. law. No arrests were made except
the Texas agents, as the Governors ot the
States in which the most prominent de
fendants resided refused to sign writs of
renuhition.
In order to get the case into the Federal
courts to obtain an opinion as to the
constitutionality of the trust law, F. A,
Austin and Wiliiam Grace, two Slate
agents who were included in the indict
ment, were surrendered by their sureties
yesterday and afterward brought into tne
Federal court on a writ of habeas corpus.
The hearing will tntce t lace in a few
days. In this way Mr. Rockefeller hopes
to get rid of the indictments in which he
is involved, together with his associates
a iid agents.
NOT YET READY TO FLOHT.
Defect* in the nixnppearino Guns That
Mint tie Jteniedied.
WILLETB POINT, N. V., Dec. 10.— To
any foreign ships of war contemplating a
voyage into Long Island Sound with hos
tile intent. Uncle Sam might at this time
say, "Please wait awhile." It has been
discovered that one of the pair of big dis
appearing guns which have just been put
up here will have to be taken down and
remounted, which will require several
weeks.
It has been found that the gun carriage
is not set plumb, and in consequence the
gun cannot be accurately aimed. This
gun was the first one mounted. The
foundation upon which it stands is made
of concrete several feet in depth. The
gun and carriage wei^h together over
seventy tons, and it is supposed that the
immense weight caused the foundation to
settle.
NEW MEN PREFERENCE.
So Ex- Ufflot- Bolder » Will Be Appointed
by lUcKinley.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 10. -A Wash
ington special to the Times says: The
report is given out that no ex-office-hold
ers wili be appointed to the few offices
which it will be in the power of the next
administration to fill. This rule will be
adopted and made inviolable as far as
President McKtnley can make it so.
Many district attorneys, internal revenue
collectors, Indian and land agents under
President Harrison are applying for old
positions under the new administration.
New men have come into politics the
last four years, and many old ones have
never received any recompense for their
work done in the past. For this reason,
as far as possible, the offices will cc dis
tributed among the new men, or those
who have not been honored in the past.
Iran*- Miiaimiippi Congreti.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 10.— The secretary
of the Trans-Mississippi congress at Salt
Lake City, writes that after correspond
ence with the officers of the congress and
consultation with the people in Salt Lake
it has been deemed best to postpone the
next session of the congress until spring,
as they feel that it will be impossible to
get a good attendance of delegates if the
meeting be held in the winter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
ALIEN OWNERSHIP
OF PUBLIC LANDS
Sharp Discussion of an
Amendment to the
Law.
With Mirth and Sarcasm the
Lawmakers Talk About
Populism.
Delegates From the Territories Are
Very Much in Evidence and
Havj Their Say.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 10.— The
House to-day indulged in its first political
discussion, sarcastic and humorous in its
nature. It was provoked by the consider
ation of a bill amending the law prohibit
ing .the alien ownership of lands in the
Territories so as to permit aliens to ac
quire nossession under foreclosure of
mortgage and hold the land for ten years,
within which period they must dispose
o; it.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa asked by what
right a Delegate from the Territories
sought to change a law now in accordance
with the platform the inhabitants had
approved by their votes at the last elec
tion. A breezy discussion ensued, in
which the ethics of Populism were consid
ered, taking a wide range and so conducted
as to afford considerable amusement to
the members. The Territorial Delegates
urged the passage of the bill as a matter
of justice to their people, who ware now
deprived of the power to receive invest
ments of foreign capital, but the House —
60 to 73— refused to pass the bill to a third
reading.
Under call of committees bills were
passed prohibiting the sale of liquors in
the Capitol building and protecting the
rights of dramatic authors and musical
composers in their productions.
The bill to define the rights of purchas
ers of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad,
under foreclosure oi the mortgage author
iced by the act of April '2o, 1871, was laid
over until Monday next, after naving been
amended as to forbid the issue of capi
tal stock by the now corporation, except
for full value at par on account of money
paid in or labor or material furnished, un
til approved by the Secretary of the In
terior.
Hon. C. J. Boatner, elected from the
Fifth District of Louisiana to fill the va
cancy occasioned by the action of the
House at the last session declaring his
seat vacant, appeared and took the oath
of office.
Under the call of committees Scranton
(R.) oi Pennsylvania, from the Committee
ou Territories, calied up the bill to restrict
ownership of lands in the Territories to
American citizens, holders of present ti
tles to be protected.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa good humoredly
called attention to the fact that whereas
the Populist p:irty had for several years
inserted in their platforms a declaration
that alien land ownership was the most
dangerous menace threatening the peace
and prosperity of the country, yet
the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Bell)
sat there and was silent while the bill was
under consideration, which, he would un
dertake to say, uuuer specious guile, *as
intended to undo all that had been done
by operating under foredosurj of mort
gage to prevent alien ownership of land.
Catron (R.) of New Mexico replied that
the gentleman was mistaken. Every
party in New Mexico. Republican with
the others, had indorsed and approved
the bill under discussion. It was intended
to secure to the Territories the benefits of
ioreign capital, which, under the present
conditions, could not be secured. The bill
would not change the alien ownership.
It only permitted foreigners to invest
money on mortgages, and if conirelled to
buy in the security they might hold it ten
years and no longer in which to dispose
of it.
Hynn (P^.) of Oklahoma drifted into a
discussion of what Populism was, speak
ing, he said, as an expert, having recently
had considerably experience with Popu
lists. [Laughter.]
Bell (Pop.) of Colorado propounded a
series of questions to f'lynn, much to the
amusement of the House.
Grosvenor (It.) of Ohio— Tnere seems to
be considerable debate here as to what
Populism reaily means. I ask the gentle
man from Oklahoma if hewiil kindly give
way to the gentleman from Georgia (Liv
ingston) to explain to the House just what
Populism does mean.
Flynn did not surprise Grosvenor by ac
cedin: to his request, but sent to the
clerk 8 desK to have read as further evi
dence Watson's last letter to Senator But
ler, denouncing him for his conduct of the
campai n as chairman of the National
Committee. This was interrupted by
Johnson (R.) of California, who made the
point of older that under the rules the
reading of the article was out of order. It
was au atiack. he said, upon a member of
the Senate, who could not defend himself,
and it seemed to him very poor ta-te to
read it ftere.
Speaker Reed sustained the point of
crder.
The previous question was asked on the
engrossment and third reading of the bill,
but was refused— 6o to 73.
Morse ill.) of Massachusetts then called
up the bill reported from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, .pro
hibiting the sale of liquors in t lie Capitol
building. He denounced the bar in the
Capitol building as a National disgrace
and an insult to the great body of citizens.
The bill was passed — 104 to 7.
The Senate bill defining me purchasers
of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad under
foreclosure of mortgages authorized by
act of Congress, approved- April '20, 1871,
was called up, out went over without
action until Monday next.
Senate bill to prevent piratical perform
ances of musical or dramatic productions
was taken up. It authorizes injunctions
by any Federal Circuit Court, to be en
forced in any other circuit.
The legal features of the bill were criti
cized by Hopkins (R.) of Illinois and Hu
lick (R.) of Ohio, and Cummings (D.) of
New York advocated the passage of the
bill as a measure of protection to Ameri
can authors.
Hulick moved an amendment excepting
reproductions for charitable or benevolent
purposes from tne provisions of the act.
The amendment was lost.
An amendment proposed by Licey (R.)
of lowa, relieving the bill of its criminal
feature and making the offering for sale
of the product'on a sufficient public dedi
cation to warrant its reproduction, led to
a lons argument of the legal, proposition
included, but it was finally rejected.
The bill then passed without division.
From the Committee on the A'coholic
Liquor Traffic, Morse (R.) of Massachu
setts called up the bill to amend the law
reuulatiug the issue of liquor licenses in
the District of Columbia, making the reg
ulations regarding saloons more siringent.
Powers (R.) of Vermont offered an
amendment prohibiting the sale of liquor
in the district by any person, bis clerk or
agent, except at his private residence.
Lost— 11 to 66.
On the engrossment of the bill the vote
was ayea 95, noes 15, and Mahany (R.) of
New York made the point of no quorum.
The Speaker counted 157 members pres
ent—not a quorum— and the House at
4:10 p. m. adjourned until to-morrow.
REV. DR. SMITH RELEANED.
Inaanity Cauied Him to Wrtte_the_Seu^
filout Postal Card*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 10.— Rev.
Frank Hyatt Smith of Cambridge, Mass.,
who has been confined at St. Elizabeth's
Hospital for the last year, was released to
day by order of Chief Justice Bingham of
the District Supreme Court.
Smith was indicted on a charge of send
ing scurrilous postal cards through the
mails Before the trial; however, he was
adjudged to be insane, and upon the ap
plication of his counsel was sent to the
Government Hospital for the Insane.
This morning Stanley B. Smith of De
troit, Mich., a brothel- of Dr. Smith, ap
peared betore Chief Justice Bingham, ac
companied by Henry Russell, also of De
troit. A petition was read, setting forth
the facts leading to Dr. Smith's confine
ment at the asylum upon order of the
Attorney-General and stating that there
was no etiarge now pending against him,
and his present condition was such that
he might properly be released.
The court accepted a bond in the sum of
$5000 and a formal order for Smith's re
lease was made out. This was delivered
to the petitioners, and Mr. Smith and Mr.
Russell departed for the asylum to take
into custody tne erring man.
JOHNSON AND PICKLER
They Interrupt Loud and Receive a
'hliarp Jietort.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 10.— During
the discussion of the free rural delivery
bill reported to the House by Loud of
California, chairman of the Committee on
.Postoffices and Post Roads, Representa
tives Grove Johnson of California and
Pickler of South Dakota criticized certain
members from the large cities for oppos
ing free postai delivery in the rural dis
tricts. Johnson and Pickler contended
that the country people had as much right
to free delivery a-> the inhabitants of San
Francisco or any otiier city. These inter
ruptions provoked Loud to retort and
congratulate the House that it would not
he bothered with Johnson and Pickler
after the4ihof next March. Johnson is
now "laying for his California colleague
and at the first opportunity will give him
a "dressing." The exchange of repartee
between the trio created much merriment
in the House.
Of Intemt to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 10.— C. A.
Hall was to-day appointed postmaster at
Athlone, Merced County, Cal., vice W. H.
Bowden, removed. A postoffice was to
day established at Geneva, Merced Coun
ty, Cal., and William A. Grade was ap
pointed postmaster; also at Jessee, San
Diego County, with Harriet L. Jessee as
postmistress; also at La Grand, Merced
County, with Mary J. Pettigrove as post
mistress; also at Sheldon, Sacramento
County, and Charles A. Chirmer was ap
pointed postmaster. A. McCrimmon was
to-day commissioned postmaster at Pico
Heights, Cal.; Achille Bonaiti at Valley
Ford ; Francis O. Strong at Calpella ; John
Nicholson at Ko-ena.
By the direction of the Assistant Secre
tary of War Sergeant Edward L. Lang
acre, now at San Diego Barracks, will be
discharged from the services of the United
States on receipt of this order by the
commanding officer of his station.
Private Daniel Honan, now at the Pre
sid'o, is, upon his own application, trans
ferred to Vancouver Barracks, Wash., for
assignment to a company.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Lionel B. Hart,
Hunters; John Watson, San Francisco;
Thomas J. Anthony. Los Gatos; Daniel
Mishler, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Original widows, etc. — Amanda Farhner,
Oakland.
Oregon : Original—Thomas Roach, Har
risburg. Original widows, etc. — Mary J.
Kelly, Albany.
J'or Monetary Reform.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 10.— In ac
cordance with the instructions of the Re
publican Congressional Committee Sen
ator Sherman this morning named the
following Senators as a committee to de
vise legislation for action by this session
of Congress looking to monetary reform:
Senator Wolcott of Colorado, chairman ;
Hoar of Massachusetts, Chandler of New
Hampshire. Carter pf Montana and Gear
of lowa. This is considered as a con
st rvative committee, with a majority
friendly to international bimetallism. A
canvass has been made among the Demo
crats and Republicans, who say they have
enou.h votes in sight to pass a bill in the
interest ol international bimetallism.
Spnlding'a Cable Vrojret.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 10.— Colonel
Soaiding of Honolulu, who is seeking aid
from Congress in his Hawaiian cable pro
ject, had a talk with Senator Perkins
about it this morning. His company pro
poses to make a hard right before Congress
this winter. It is hardly probable that
such a bill will pass Congress. President
Cleveland is opposed to subsidies, but
when the new administration is installed
the bill will probably be passed and signed
by McKinley.
Moininntrd by Cleveland.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 10.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: John W. Ostran
der of Alaska, to be Commissioner for
the District of Alaska, to reside at Juneuu,
and Benjamin Kiruberly Receiver of
Public Moneys, Denver, Colo.
NEW TO-DAY.
for
Santa
Claus
We can help make this a
happy, Merry Christmas. We
can help you by dressing the
boys in the finest attire at half
what other dealers charge you,
so you may have their profits to
buy other presents with.
Holiday clothing for boys and
children a specialty.
Wholesale manufacturer's
prices ; the middleman and his
profits left out.
Open until 10 o'clock Saturday
night.
MRS, CAREW HELD
FOR THE MURDER
To Be Tried by the Tokio
Authorities for Poisoning
Her Husband.
Peculiar Documentary Evidence
That the Accused Tried
to Conceal.
Torn Love Letters From a Bank Clerk
Put Together by a Maid and
Presented in Ccurt.
TOKIO, Japan, Nov. 24.— The prelimi
nary examination in the Carew poisoning
case has ended in the committal of Mrs.
Carew on the charge of willful murder.
Two sensational incidents marked the
course of the inquiry. One was the ac
cused's attempt to secrete and carry away
a portion of the documentary evidence.
She appears to have totally overlooked
the contingency that she mieht be de
tained and searched. Had she been so
minded she might have left the court be
fore the loss of the paper had been dis
covered. But she remained, made a great
show of assisting to iook for the document,
and was finally discov.red to have hidden
it in her own sleeve.
The second incident was the production
of a number of letters forming part of a
correspondence between herself and H.
V. Dickinson, a ciert in the Hongkong
and Shanghai Bank. From this cor
respondence it appears that the relations
between Mrs. Carew and Mr. Dickinson
had been very intimate, and that, accord
ing to Dickinson's idea, the lady was re
ceiving brutal treatment at her husband's
hands. But if she wns indeed ill-treated
by him it i? singular that no evidence of
such a Bate of affairs could be obtained
either from the people living in ttie house
with them or from outsiders. The
strangest point, however, is the manner
in which these letters were preserved.
They had been torn up by Mrs. Carew
and thrown into her waste-paper basket.
But her English maid, fearing, as she
alleges, that her own reputation might be
imperiled by her mistress' doings, gath
ered the fragments of the letters from the
basket and then got a friend to sew them
together.
The new Japanese Cabinet's tenure of
power ha* been much weakened by a col
lision with the press. When the Ministry
came into office the Premier, in a speecn
delivered before tne local Governors, gave
an indirect pledge to effect a radical
change in the position of the press. At
present the administration is competent
to suspend or suppress a publication with
out any legal process and without indi
cating the objectionable matter. An edi
tor cannot be fined or imprisoned with
out recourse to a law court, but his news
paper imiy be suspended for an indefinite
time or suppressed altogether by order of
tbe Minister of fcftate for Home Affairs.
Against that arbitrary power all political
panics have hitherto struggled in vnin
for, though the Lower House of the Diet
passed bill after bill rescinding the un
popular clauses of the press regulations,
the Upper House insisted on a com
promise, and, as neither would yield,
progress proved impossible.
It was felt, however, that if the Govern
ment took up the matter resolutely the de
sired object could be attained, and in view
of the present Premier's language the Gov
vernment's co-operation was fully antici
pated. But suddenly the Chauvinist sec
tion of the press commenced a most vio
lent and slanderous attack upon the
Minister of the Imperial Household De
partment and upon the department
itself, the object of these journalistic agi
tators and their political wire-pullers
being to compel the resignation of that
official, whose presence at the nead of the
Household Department, according to their
notion, tended to render the sovereign
always accessible to Marquis I to, the late
Premier. Evidently these violent editors
and their instigators believed themselves
to be working in the interests of the pres
ent Cabinet, but sucn excitement was
caused by their action that the Govern
ment's hands were forced and it became
necessary to suppress two periodicals and
suspend five newspapers.
It is alleged that i-ii Hung Chang's so
called "offense" in entering the palace
grounds in PeKin was not dne to any care
iessness on ii is own part. Indeed, every
body had difficulty in comprehendim;
how an old official of such long experience
could have perpetrated a blunder of the
kind. The story now told is that, at the
close of his fir.it audience with the Em
press-Dowager on his return from the Oc
cident, the imperial lady suggested that
Li should examine the improvements and
changes made in the grounds during his
absence. He proceeded to do so, encoun
tered a eunich, Jailed to give the man a
sufficient douceur, and was reported to
the Emperor, who, being at daggers
drawn with the Empress-Dowager, gladly
seized the occasion to slight tier. The
Board of Punishments sentenced Li to be
deprived of all his offices, but the Em
peror commuted tbe penalty into the loss
of a year's salary.
3ROWN bros&co
Wholrsale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon C:?? Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush, and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
TOW TO-XJAT. — -v^v-
EXTRA >
GiftS—Free! Free!
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
EXTRA BIG OFFER FOR CHRISTMAS.
YOUR. CaOICS PBBB:
1 Fauce Boat, decorated. 3 Hold Band Hates. * Wliisky Tumblers, pround i ottom.
3 Ten cups and Sa users. 1 Majolica Cuspidor. 1 Fancy Mustache Cup and saucer.
1 .barge Majolica Pitcner. 6 Toothpick Holders. 4 Table Tumblers, engraved.
1 Fancy ice Cream Dish. 1 Meat Dish, 10-Inch. - £> Handled Lemonade Lilacs.
3 Water Goblets, banded. . 1 Fancy balad Dish.' 1 Half-gallon Water Pitcher
1 Cake Sand, crystal. 2 Plates, festooned. 1 Chocolate Cup and Saucer.
1 Cheese Dish crystal. 6 Lemonade Mua 1 Cake Plate, fancy china.
5 v ater Goblets, plMo. 4 Bouquet Holders. 1 Berry Dlsii. crysta, lar e.
1 Buiter Dish, crystal. 1 Kebecca Tea Pot. 9 Fancy Cups an 1 i-aucrrs, A. O.
5 Claret Glasses, plain. 1 Decanter. 1 CandlestlcK. bisque.
5 Commons, Individual. 1 Oat Meal Set. 1 Bisque Mnure Dancer.
4 Ale or Beer Glasses. 1 Milk set. , 1 Vase, fancy Bohemian.
1 Cake Basket, saucy. ' 1 Syrup Pitcher. 1 Scollop, 7-Inch, decorated.
1 Rose Bal. 6 Beir- Dishes. 3 fcoup Plates, decorated.
4 Champagne Glasses. 1 Celery Tray. . 6hat or .-ha* era. - ,
1 Bread and Milk set. 3 Dinner Plates. 1 Vee»t»ble Dish, decora ted. _
2 Fancy Fruit, Plates. 3 Oyster Bowls. A ihousaud other iaucy Dishes or every
1 Pitcher, decorated. 5 Fruit saucer*. degcrlptlon.*^*ggg^jjßgte
OJXTE! FR.ESE "XTVITJEai BAlOja
£Sl/^ct s Teas, Spices
€LgJP Baking Powders
Extra Double f resects | Extra Double Tickets
THIS OFFER HOLDS GOOD UNTIL NEW YEAR.
WE "\7VIILiI_i SBLXj
Chiiahre, Crockery, Glassware
Big Cut Prices!
Fancy Chinaware and Glassware
Tea, Chocolate, Coffee Cups, Fancy Plates, Berry Dishes ■
10, 12 A, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 75c each.
Chocolate, Ice Cream, Berry, Lemonade and Water Sets
50, 65, 75, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 1.55, 1.95, 2.25, 2.50 per set.
China, Bisque, Fancy Vases, Figures and Ornaments
10, 12%, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 60, 75, 1.00, 1.25 each.
Cuspidor 20, 25, 35, 40. 50, 75c each.
Genuine Delft China
Trays, Olives, Butter Hates, Cups, Cream Pitchers, Salads, Plaques
15, 20, 25, 35, 40, 50, 60, 55, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50 each.
Tea Sets, complete for 12 persons
fee 25 BS* 2- 75 SSLi-r.*3 : ®0' 55f-2!S &25
" ■ Decoration *"* .
Dinner Sets complete for 6 persons 4
Pure ORO Pretty A 75 Gold -C± OO Superior AKQ f
White V "V Gra ** " /O Handle O China \3 \
Colors Trimmings Heliotrope .
Dinner Sets complete 100 pieces
BS.B- 75 Bi'r 7- 75 SJSLr 9.25 zszr a 17.50
Colors " Gold Handles w «gem -* " '
Quality Best, Made by Best English Makers, Newest Shapes and Designs.
iprices -a.way tljnder.
Stores, 100 in IN"umber.
Great American I mportingTeaCo,
140 Ssi3itlx St. 146 3XT±M.tll St.
1344 Marltot St. 218 THird. St.
2 V IO Mission St. . 2008 Fillmoro St.
617 Seamy St. 965 Market SI. ■■
1-419 ?ollx. St. 3OOe SizteaxitliSt.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second St.
333 Hayes St. . 3286 Mission St.
OAKL STORES:
1033 "Washinston St. 616 Kast Txvrolftlx St.
13 San Fal>lo u&-Are. 917 Broadway.
1333 Fork St., Alnincda.
HEADQUARTERS 52 MARKET STREET, S AN FRANCISCO.
FINE FURS AND SEAL-
SKIN GARMENTS ' rmm '
To order. Kemodeliiisc an t repairing at prices far '
below those of any o:her furrier on the Pacific
Coast.; ---1-L WORK GUARANTEED.: '
AD. KOCOUR, FASHIONABLE
eVa Koarny Street,
Upstairs— Oppo-me Chronicle.
Formerly' cutter wltn Re villou Freres, Paris,
London and New York. . ■ ■ .
• ..,.. . . :_ ' .-. .■ -.- -.■ .*. TI'O'W.B'ETJ^, -
fcG2p>* " BRASS BEDS:
< f FOLDING BEDS 1
Wire , and . Hair M\:-
tresses, Keen n I a:
...... Chairs. V.'heel Chair j. ■
T '"■ commodes, iiaoic Kd«: i
I j < ff'lfflf : V *: A. SCHHOCH.
"<j***L V I 21
%gf .;•-;■ **" V " -A '■■ St., under >.iau4 .
DDIICUCC FOR BARBERS* BAK-
IfKIINIIHS ers ' b"Ot blacks. bath-
VliUvllbv houses, billiard • tables, '•
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners, '
dyers, . flourmills, . foundries, laundries, paper- '
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, staol*-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
-, .• BUCHANAN JBKOS.,
«*ru«h3lanufHcturers.6oi)Sucrainentoau
REMOVAL NOTICE.
piKRCE & ".i CO..V yEXERAL WKSTKRN
A Agents : National . Cash Register Co.. have re-
moved -t heir J offices from iha *. hronlcle bM|{. to
ropms 3ia and SIS. Parrott bide., oi>p. awm
Hotel. Tel.^outh 103. ■
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLKS H. PHILLIPS. AT roi'.XEY-ATt
AJ law am L Notary I'ublic, 638 Market st.. opp*
•it* Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residue* Itf2l
f*a street. TelepHww - pia, » «8i f ,
*.;.'«■, •!•..-■ ,■--.-■.■•■ -, ■-..-... .' ....... . ' ■ ,■■•:'
lAT AUCTION )
AT
GOLDEN GATE HALL,
625 SLITTER STREET,
Monday, Dee. 14. at 2:30 and 7:30 P. M.
Tuesday, Dec. 15. at 2:30 and 7:30 P. M.
Wednesday, Dec. 16, 2:30 and 7:30 P. M.
Thursday, Dec. 17, 2:30 and 7:30 P. M.
FREE EXHIBITION
Friday and Saturday, Dec. II and 19,
From 9:30 a. m. to 9:30 p. m
RARE -m ANTIQUE
ORIENTAL RUGS!
RICH EMBROIDERIES,
DAMASCUS BRASS WARE,
CARVED FURNITURE, Etc.
This entire stock is from the ro' ectionf
and late importations of H. EPHRAIJiI
BENQUIAT & SON, Successors to Ha.ij/
Ephraim Benquiat, the great connoisseur
of Oriental Rugs. -
'These runs were used in decora* yip the
Mark Hopkins Art Institute fortheMardi
Gras Ball and the Borosis,Club this year.
\ i Catalogue at our office and at the Hall.
K ASTON'. KLDKIDOK 4 A CO.
638 Market st. Auctioueew.ANTONIO MACED
IS YET ALIVE
At Least the Cubans Deny
the Report of the
Spanish.
Said to Be Safe in Pinar del
Rio and Worrying General
Weyler.
Advices That Escape Censorship Show
Clearly That the Insurgents Gain
Ground Daily.
DALLAS, Tex., Dec 10.— The head of
the local Cuban committee to-day received
dispatches from Key West, Fla., contain
ing an absolute denial of the Spanish re
port from Havana of the alleged death of
Antonio Maceo. The dispatch states that
at 10 o'ciocfc lust night Maceo was safe in
Pinar del Rio Province, and his army was
making successful operations against
Captain-General Weyler; that by the turn
ing of Weylf r's left flank, on December 1,
Maceo had captured more than 12,000
stands of arms and an immense quantity
of ammunition, medicines and commissary
supplies.
The dispatch also states that within the
next three days the Cubans are likely to
turn Weyler's other Hank and win a de
cisive victory. Francisco Gomez has not
been v.ith Maceo in any of his recent
movements and is safe in Matanzas
province. The head of the local commit
tee s<aid:
"We know positively that the most sen
sational and glorious news for the patriots
will come from Cuba on or about Decem
ber 15. Texas is doing more to help the
patriots than any other State just now and
is favorably located for effective aid. Gal
veston will be in closer connection with
Key West than any other city iv the East
for some time to come."
Colonei J. C. Tezeveant, president of the
T.xas State Fair and Dallas Exposition,
ana a Confederate officer of prominence,
has consented to preside over a meeting in
aid of the Cubans to be held next Sunday.
An effort will be made to have a number
of ex-Confederate and ex- Union soldiers
at the meeting. The object oi the meet
ing is to give a moral support to Senator
Mills in pressing his Cuban bill in Con
gres=. Luis I'er.ez, the head of the
Texas Cuban Junta, and other prominent
Cuban leaders in Texas have been invited
to be present.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 10,-Cubansin
New York do not believe that Maceo is
dead. As soon as General Tomas An
drarle Palnia heard the report he tele
graphed to his private informant at Key
West, and this afternoon he received a
reply which came to Key West from
Cuban sources at Havana, absolutely de
nying ihat Maceo was dead. Ths dispatch
read a3 follows:
"Maceo passed the trocha Dsceniber 4.
Keport of his death absolutely false. Con
iraciict it on my authority."
General Palma said that the dispatch
came from a source in which he had en
tire confidence.
Of Dr. Zertuche, who is said to have been
Maceo'? physician and conlirmed the re
port of tiie Cuban general's death, notn
ing is known at thejJunia,
HAVANA, Cuba, Dec. 10.— Up to the
t me of sending this dispatch this evening
notbine hss been heard of the where
abouts of Maceo's body, and nothing fur
ther has transpired to confirm the reports
of his death.
La Lucha, the Government organ, is the
first paper here to speak editorially of
President Cleveland's message. It pub
lishes a long leader, in wbich it examines
all the points of the Cuban paragraph of
the message and makes severe criticisms
of the whole. The paper makes a vigor
ous protest aeainst the aggressive parts of
the message. It says among other things :
"The message is no more nor no less than
a series of hypotheses. It cannot please
Spain, but it does not wrong her."
It adds that Spaniards cannot admit
intervention in the crown affairs. They
have spirit enough to repulse impositions
and will accept nothinz degrading to con
duct their own affairs. When their honor
is concerned they are of the same ranks as
the people of the most powerful and
colossal nation.
La Union Constitucional says the lec
ture is unpleasant to Spain, but admits
that Mr. Cleveland's language lacks
haughtiness when compared witn that
which he has used toward other powers.
It adds that it expects that the message
will result more favorably to Spain. The
tone of the article throughout is rather
mild.
The Diario de la Marina, La Pais and
El Coraercio make no editorial comment
on the me^sape.
SEVENTY-EIGHT PERSONS PERISH.
Loss of the North German Lloyd Steamer
Sa'/ere During a Gale Off Villa
Gratia.
EREMEN, Germasy, Dec. 10.— A dis
patch from Corunna, coast of Bpain, says:
The North German Lloyd steamer Saiiere
from Bremen for Buenos Ayres is reported
loundered off Villa Gracia. The fate of
(hose on board is not known.
LONDON, Eng., Dec 11.— L!oyd"s agent
at Vii-'o telegraphs that the bal'ere has
been totally lost on the Coronas Corrubeda
shoals. Not a single person on board the
steamer was saved. It is believed In Lon
don that the disaster occurred on Tues
day, wnen a terrible gale along the Eu
ropean Atlantic coasts did extensive
d.ißi.ige to shipping.
.' VIGO. irPAi-v, Dec. 10.— It 13 reported
' here that the Salicre carried a crew num
bering =eventy-eij;h.t persons.
' BERLIN, Germany. Dec. 10— Persistent
report* reach here from Madrid that more
than 200 emu-rants took passage on the
fcalier at Corunna and that all of them
were lost.
I ON DON, Eng., Djc. 10.— Lloyds agents
here discredit the report that a large num
ber of f>micrants were on boari the Baiter,
but tl cy do not deny it. A di-patch from
•Uremen assens that there were 210 pas
seiiL-ers on the steamer, incu.lini: 1 Ger
man, 135 Russians, 35 Galicians and 61
Spaniards, and adds that it is feared tnat
ail of them were lost.
The loss at the Sa'ier is another of the
sorics of disasters tnat have atUnded the
fortunes of the North German Lloyd
Steamship Company. It calls to mind
the frightful Joss of life that occurred
early in the morning of January 30, 1895,
when the steamer Elbe, belonging to that
MUSIC MAY REPLACE MEDICINE
KEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 10.— Preparalions are under way in this city for an important experiment in medical
treatment by sound vibrations. The power of music to heal has been scientifically determined. Several years ago the St.
Cecilia Society was organized in London for a practical test of the effect of music upon certain forms of nervous diseases.
Its membership was made up of prominent physicians and skilled musicians— the former to direct and the latter to exe
cute. The success of the experiment is a matter of history.
Gradually the idea has been developed among medical men here that a similar aid to the treatment of nervous troubles
was possible. Several prominent physicians have taken the matter up, and plans are under discussion which promise the
speedy organization of an American St. Cecilia Society. Recent remarkablyjsuccessful experiments by Professors Tarcha
noff of St. Petersburg, Masso of Turin and Tere of Paris have rekindled interest in sound vibrations as a medical agent,
and a practical application of the science as now proposed has met with cordial approval here. Active among the scienti
fic men interested in this movement is Dr. Fredenck Peterson, a neurologist, who explained the principles of the new
treatment to-day.
"I am not as yet in a position to announcfl the actual organization of the medico-musical society." said he, "but there
is every prospect the coming year will see it in operation. Sound vibrations in music certainly act in a marked way upon
certain forms of disen?es. For example, cases of insomnia, no matter how severe, are invariably relieved. Music also
nets with surprising effect upon mild forms of insanity, particularly in that form known as melancholia. In short, there
are great forces in music which can be utilized for the relief of disease and human suffering. Tarchanoff clearly dem
onstrates a lively melody touches excito-motor nerves, increasing the vitality of the hearer. Melancholy music, on the
contrary, acts upon the inhibitory nerves, decreasing vitality and engendering mental depression. There in a nutshell
you have the science of sound vibration as applied to medical treatment. I regard music not as a curative, but as a
remedial agent. Its scientific application will assist medicine— not take its place. lam in favor of organizing a musical
mission and of confining our work to the hospitals."
Dr. (ieorpe W. Jacoby, a well-known alienist, and Orton Bradley, a pianist, expressed themselves much in favor of the
idea. Several years ago two or three physicians tested the medical efficacy of music by experiments among the insane
patients on Randalls Island. Four hundred women were congregated in the main hall of the asyjum and subjected to a
single strain of piano music for half an hour. The general effect was to raise the pulse ana create restlessness. Individual
tastes showed odd results. In the case of a patient afflicted with melancholia the playing of "Home, Sweet Home" in
variebly brought her to her knees in an ecstacy of devotion. The records show that the results of these experiments were
beneficial in every case. It is understood that several well-known societies have promised co-operation with the plan for
a medico musical mission and another week will find the project well advancod.
company, was run into in the North Sea
and sunk by the British steamship
CraiKonie. Of the 373 passengers on board
the Elbe, all were lost except twenty-two,
most of wbom were members of the crew.
CLAIMS OF VENEZUELA.
Senor Thomas Declares That "the South-
em Republic Is Not Fairly Treated
in the Niw Treaty.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 10.— A special
cable to the Herald from Caracas, Vene
zuela, says: Senor Andrade, Minister to
the United States, and Mr. Storrow, coun
ssl for t>e Government in the boundary
controversy, will remain here for the
present.
The official reason for this change of
programme is that the documents relat
ing to the question, including the memo
randa upon which a treaty between this
country and Great Britain will be based,
are in an incomplete state. This reason,
however, is regarded by the public as ex
plaining only half the situation.
It is said that the Minister tothe United
States and the Venezuelan Consul are to
await papers of a very important char
acter.
There is, in fact, a strong feeling in the
popular mind against excludlnc Vene
zuela from direct representation on the
arbtration tribunal whicn will be formed
to adjust the boundary between Venezuela
and British Guiana.
This sentiment has been mentioned in a
letter to Senor Tholma=, formeily Minis
ter to Great Britain. The words of Senor
Tholmas have created a sensation. He
snys the solution of the Anglo-Venezuelan
imbroKlio proposed by the United States
is entirely inadequate to meet th* main
points at is«ue and does not fulfill the
promises originally made to the Govern
ment of Venezuela.
Senor Tholmas says further that the
heads of the proposed treaty show ex
clusively that it is constructed wholly
upon a" combination of Anglo-American
interests. In not recognzing Venezuela
as a sovereign state, Senor Tholnias de
clares, the United States and Great Britain
insult the southern republic, and ho con
cludes with the statement that it would be
far better for Venezuela to lose all forcibly
than to agree to the present terms of tlie
protocol.
PEANTIC ITALIAN DEPUTIES.
Wild Scenes in the Chamber Searly Lead
to a Battle.
HOME, Italy, Dec. 10.— There was a
violent scene in the Chamber of Deputies
growing out of an attack made upon Gen
eral Mocenna, ex-Minister of War, in the
conferring of decorations upon olficersand
others who took part in the recent disas
trous Abyssinian campaign.
General Mocenna attempted to defend!
his action, but nis voice was drowned in a i
flood of yells and hoois and epithets. The j
Socialist members were particularly vio
lent against the ex-Minister of War. The
President of the Chamber, assisted by the
other officials, had the preatest difficulty
in preventing an exhibition of fisticuffs.
The uproar became so great that the
President concluded that the only way to
restore orier was to suspend the sitting,
which he pccordingly did.
LONDON. Eng., "Dec. 10.— The Rome !
correspondent of the Telegraph explains
to-day's proceedings in the Chamber of
Deputies.
He says the anger aroused by the un
earthinp, by a special committee, of crave
financial abuses in several of the bureaus
during the Crispi regime still ?mol(iers,
and requires littia to fan it into a flame.
He adds that even the funds that were
subscribe:! for the benefit of the earth
quake sufferers in Calabria were largely j
diverted from the use to which the sub- j
scribers intended it should be put and
ased for political purposes.
An instance of crooked accounts is given
in the Ministry of Commerce, which
passed ite:ns of 5000 lire for pins and
10,000 lire for carpet*. It seems to be the
policy of Prime Minister di Rudini to
temporarily suppress the scandals while
legislative business is forwarded.
HAWIIAN ISLAND AFFAIRE.
United Hal** Minittrr Willia la Suffer-
ing From Malarial Fevr.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Dec. 4.— United
States Minister Willis is in a very pros
trated condition, the result of malarial
fever for several weeks. His present
symptoms are more favorable.
About 480 half-pound tins of opium were
captured by the' Custom-house authorities
on December 1. They were found con
cealed in tins of soda crackers in a ship
ment of 174 cases per Mount Lebanon r>y
the Portland Cracker Company to thp
Washington Feed Company. Morris <fc
Lowden of the latier company are under
arrest. They probably did not know they
were contraband goods.
The ex- Queen is charged by Bob Wilcox
witli having caused his failure to be elected
president of the Hui Aloha Aina, or patri
otic association of natives. Wilcox has
organized a rival society and is publishing
a paper.
Interest in annexation is being actively
revived.
/iifui on the. linmpage.
CAPE TOWN, South Afeica, Dec. 10.—
A dispatch from Blaniire, British South
Africa, date 1 OctoDer £5, says that three
British columns have been sent against
the A nconi Zulu«, who have invaded the
southwest ot Nyassaland, burned a British
mission station and Killed the inhabitants
of a number of villages. When the ad
vices lelt Blantire they were informed the
town would be attacked by the Zulus,
who overwhelmingly outnumbered the
British. The Portuguese at Tete, Portu
guese East Africa, have invited the co
operation of the British.
JBu' Zola If bhut Out.
PARIS, France, Dec. 10.— M. Andree
Theunet, the French litterateur, was to
day elected a member of the French Aca
deiuy, receiving 18 votes to 4 for Kmiie
Zola. Van;lai was also elected, receiving
20 voles to Zola's 2.
Timth of a French Governor.
PARIS, France, Dec. 10.— The Colonial
Office has received information of the
death of T. Rousseau, Governor of French
Indo, China, at Hanoi.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
WATTERSON TALKS
ABOUT MOBOCRACY
Declares That the National
Democrats Must Act
Independently.
Can Neither Join the Republicans
Nor Swallow the Dcctrine
of Bryanism.
Predicts That Many Who Voted for
the Nebraskan Will Return to
the Old Party.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 10.— The
National Executive Committee of the Na
tional Democratic party held its first
meeting since the election at the Bates
House in this city to.day and in the even
ing enjoyed a dinner, with Henry Wat
terson as the guest of honor. The busi
ness of the afternoon was reading of the
accounts of the committee and discussing
the question of organization during the
next four years. The accounts were found
correct, with a balance left in the treas
ury — not a large one, but enough to send
out a good deal of literature before the
next Presidential campaign come on.
Those present were: W. D. Bynum,
chairman; John P. Frenzel, treasurer, and
John R. Wilson of tnis city, the latter
holding the proxy of L. C. Krauth of Kan
sas City; Henry Watterson. W. B. Halde
man and George M. Dance, all of Louis
ville; Thomas H. Clark of Montgomery,
Aia., holding the proxy of J. M. Faulk
ner; A. It. Sp°llman of New Orleans. G.
Foster Peabody of Brooklyn, John P.
Hopkins of Chicago. C. Vey Holman of
Rockland, Me. ; F. W. McCutcheon of St.
Paul and William B. Given of Columbia,
Pa., holding the proxy of John C. Bullitt
ot Philadelphia.
It was decided to hold the organization
intact and to make an effort to extend it
into the States where it had no footing in
the last campaign, as well as to make it
thorough in the States where it now exists.
Resolutions were adopted on the death
of John R. Fe'lows of New York and C. A.
Ewing of Illinois.
At 8:30 p. m. the members of the com
mittee sat down toa dinner in the ordinary
of the Bates House, which resolved itself
into a discussion of the future of the
National Democratic party. Chairman
Bynum introduced the speech-making j
with a few congratulatory remarks. Mr. I
Watterson was received with applause I
upon arising, and said in part:
I am in entire sympathy with the movement
wnich has brought you together fiere. Of
course there are two courses o|ien to those of
us who are in the movement inaugurated
here at Jndinnapolis. One Is allying our
selves with the Republican party which
elected the President— the other Is to main
tain our own organization and use it to dis
band both of these party extremes on the one
side and the other. Manifestly we cannot
identify ourselves with the Republican party
because the Republican party is committed
to a policy the results of which we can have
no Jaith in. Mr. JfcKinley himself, if he is an
honest and sincere man, atid I take it for
granted he is, is also committed to that policy.
In that event we can have nothing In common
with him.
Our movement in the beginning had for its
aim the preservntion of the Democratic party
pure and undenled. Incidentally the result
of our action assisted in the election of Mr.
McKinleyand the defeat ot Mr. Bryan. But
In our recent position we are to fol'ow one of
two lines, either to act with the Republican
party or to reorganize our own party. If we
are to have a Democratic p&rty it must be
organized upon the lines laid "down by you
gentlemen at yoor convention in this city
anrt upon no other. I believe if we adhere to
this organization that in the next eighteen
months perhaps a million and a half or two
million of men who voted""for Mr. Bryan will
have no other place logo.
I see no reason why In 1900 this organiza
tion will not be able to dictate terms to the
country. I agree most heartily with this
movement, because if the country is to go year
in and year out between these two extremes
of seesaw, first up and then down, it is only a
question of time when this mobocracy will' be
in the saddle and get hold of the country. In
thai case I see the peril which some of us
prophesied during the last campaign. We
cannot stand with the Republican party and
protection, and without protection the Repub
lican party cannot stand with us.
It hn» no great leader who can combine
two forces as Sir Robert Peel did in English
politics fifty years ago, when the Liberal-
Unionists formed tneir coalition with the Con
servatives. It is only a question of time when
defeat will overtake the Republican party.
Paternalism is the father of protection. We
cannot follow the Republican party on those
lines, and, therefore, I can sec no way in which
we can co-operate with the Republicans as the
Liberal-Unionists did with the Conservatives,
and I wholly agree with this organization
whlcb we have met here to-day to perfect. It
shr>u.d be perfected.
We should stund by our guns. We must
work along these lines as long as we are the
men we are. I believe our strength will in
crease from day to day.
I have just returned from a lorjg absence
and have not yet arranged in my own mind
any details of the work, but you gentlemen
have already done so. But I snail throw mr
sclf into this work as -varmly and as heartily
as I ever did iv any fight in my life.
After a little more general taltt, the
committee went into executive session
and the sub-committees reported.
FOR A. PL ACE IS THE CABINET
Judge XeKenna of the Circuit Court
Aftrr a Portfolio.
CANTON, Ohio, Dec. 10.— A new name
has swung into prominence here to-day
as a Cabinet possibility from California,
and for the moment is more eagerly dis
cussed than were the names of Judge* De
Haven and Waymire in their turn. The
man of the people's choice, according to
the unofficial makers of the Cabinet, is
Judge Joseph McKenna, who was ap
pointed to the United States Circuit
bench by President Harrison. Judge Mc-
Kenna was an industrious and able mem
ber of Congress and served during a por
tion of Major McKinley's term in the Na
tional Legislature. He is^well known by
the President-sleet.
Mrs. McKinley left to-night for Chicago
for a visit with her cousins, Mr. and Mrs.
Lafayette McWilliama of that city, who
have been guests at the McKinley resi
dence for a few days past. The pa.rty was
composed of Mrs. McKinley and maid.
Mr. and Mrs. McWilliams and Mr. ana
Mr*. Morse of San Francisco, who havo
been guests of the McKinleys. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley will probably be away for a week,
and while she goes to rest mid get n
chance of scene, the first time for several
months, it is also understood that the
matter of an inaugural wardrobe will also
receive some attention.
NATIONAL CIVIL SERVICE.
Carl Schurz, President of the League,
Tells of Reforms in His Annual
Address.
PHILADELPHIA. Fa., Dec 10.— The
annual meeting of the National Civil Ser
vice Reform League began here to-day in
the Hotel Walton, and will conclude to
morrow night, when a banquet will be
tendered the visiting delegates by the
Pennsylvania Association. Prominent
representatives from various parts of the
country are present.
The members of the executive commit
tee met in secret session and outlined the
proceedings of the session. The session
will be continued to-morrow, when vice
presidents will be elected and various re
ports be read.
A public meeting was held at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon. The papers read
were: "The Postcffices as Party
Spoils." by Richard Henry Dana of
Boston"; >; Civil Service Reform in
Philadelphia," by Charles Richardson,
vice-prpsident of the Municipal League of
Philadelphia: "The New System in New
Yo>-k," by Hon. Silas W. Burt of New
York; "The Self-organization Power cf
the American People," by R. R. Bowker,
Civil Sfrvice Commissioner of N»w York,
nnd "Results of Reform in the New York
Police Department." by Hon. Theodore
Roosevelt, president of the New York Po
lice Commission : "Tbe Poor Spoilsman;
His Days Are Numbered in the Indian
Service," by Francis E. Lupp of Washing
ington. D. C.
The general committee of the league at
the executive meeting elected these officers
of the organization : Secretary, George E.
McAney; treasurer. D. E. Frieset; ex»cu
tive committee— Carl Schurz. ch»irman ;
Alorefield Storey, Boston; Sherman D.
Rogers, Buffalo; William A. McKean,
Norwich, Conn.; Edward M. Spard,
Brooklyn, N. V. ; William G. Low,
Brooklyn. N. V. ; Cbnrles G. Bonaparte,
Boston; Everett P. Wheeler, New York-
Silas W. Burt. New York; D. B.Eaton,'
New York; Edward Carey, New York;
Richard W. GUderman, New York; A. A.
Potts. New York; Merrill Wyman Jr.,
Cambridge, Mass.; Wiiliam D. Foulke,'
Richmond, Ind.: Richard H. Daha, Bos
ton; Lewis S. Swift, Indianapolis; Her
bert Welsh, Philadelphia; Charles Rich
ardson, Philadelphia, and John W. Ela,
Chicago.
This evening Hon. Carl Schurz, presi
dent of the league, delivered his annual
address at Music Hall to a large and in
terested audience. Mr. Schurz spoke as
follows:
The last year has been one of extraordinary
prosperity to the cause of civil service reform
in various ways. The recent electiou cam
paign served to exhibit in a singularly c. ear
light some of the remnrkablc and beneficial
changes which the merit system has wrought
in the American political lite and to expose in
their whole futility many of the fallacies, de
ceptions And superstitions which the reform
movement had to overcome.
Sureiv the cus om-houses, postoffices, reve
nue offices, navy-yards and s>o on have thor
oughly ceased to te mere tarracks lor the
housing and feeding of the janissaries of the
ruling political pnrty, who are to be let loose
on the community as the exigencies of pprty
interest might require. This we owe alto
gether to me introduction of the merit sys
tem. In making these offices what they now
are— business propositions und conducted on
business principles aro the ruling motive
power— it has not oi.ly given the people a
more honest and more efficient service, but it
has also made a vigorous beginning of moral
reform in political life, which is Its ultimate
and its most important object.
It is a significant fact those whose zeal in
the late campaign was most conspicuously
unselfish put forih the most emphatic pro
nouncement in favor of civil service reform,
while the party whose cause was condemned
by the American people was the on.y one
which sought to inspire the efforts of us ad
herents by opening to them the prospect of
unlimited plunder. Spoils politics suffered a
double defeat in the election.
The hope expressed a year ago that Presi
dent Cleveland would, as to the extension
of the classified service, so far as it could be
effected by executive action alone, leave to
his snecessors but little to do, has been fully
justified. The executive order promulgated
by him on M«v 6, 1896. marks one ot the
greatest and most important onward strides in
the history of the reform movement. The
merit system is unequivocally recognized as
the general rule. The establishment and
maintenance of the merit system in the vari
ous municipal and State governments is nm7
in progress.
One of the arguments against civil service
reform has largely Ceased. The Mange™ to
civil service reform come no longer from on. n
assault upon the merit system but fro. in
sidious attempts to destroy Its substance while
preserving its form. There are some public
men who will never propose anybody for office
of whose worthiness they are not personally
convinced, but, alas! they are in the minority
The competition principle Is the very soul of
civil service reform.
At tli' Great Wheel Hoc.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 10. -Fully
8000 persons were present at Madison
Square Garden to-night, and the enthu
siasm and interest in the bicycle riders
were raised to a high pitch. "Teddy"
Hale kept up bis position in the van and
continues hourly to burn records. He was
the idol of the crowd. With the exception
of the change in second place about the
same order has been maintained all day.
The score at 12 o'clock, 96 hours was-
Hale 1361. Forster 1316. Rice 1314 Read
ing 1289. Taylor 1260, Moore 1235, Smith
1241, Schock 1258 Pierce 1229, Maddox
1170, Ashinger 1168. Cas«idy 1131, Gannon
1024, Glick 960, McLeod 896.
' " _ . NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
j3^Si^ f AU\ffi^»n»"lN THE
\ */^ !t^ i^%mL i ■"■■ C&A /■ I «■ llwl»
A 'J ' ' at 8:30 o'clock* ■ • war
I Ifl r^jrl T ll fTfl^l V The distribution will be under the direction —^ _ "
*■*■ *><**»*•*** iV»fc*.^y nm i i inme diate supervision of Little Red M 1 *-% Wof til *•/"! <3 "U r
. • .' n Fading Jlood, Santa Clans and representa- V^rH AZydLUI Vl d V
#'"\ «T\Tl4fl4 lives or th* press. - •*
if . -A /vivJ|i Distributions wilt be made Christmas morn- & "'"^^3 -_
i >fV ' /* 1 ma, between the hours of 10 and 12. |KV>"*^m rJ-5! ITlVix
" |^{l w ClMrJt- Same Soo pairs oe Jf,^jpjC ' TURPS *
KM I a i\nF P of Blue Trans- R9AIQOVwK C T HRE£^
jP| 1 IADDLK. ers for little f el- V l\ 4\Toß^C^
fKJSr ■■ ti ■ ; :i. fjr V''~ Sa>3 lows between the . / i \\
: 0-''' -AV/TlJliy : "" =^^ 1 o>Mesof 3 andB; / j \ \
&>"s 7 -T- , " clever goods; $1 i / ■> f U\^
t •"*! i=* /■=: -^ all over town; JM*. ■& ! U A^
1«» CLIVLK ' wade with W \S&jstiMkM&^
ffJiy k~ h j buckle on side. °^W^^^^^^^§^^^
i A_Jf — — — — i i y -
Tf^ iVPhI il\ I Saturday in our BaTSrrS^&^ISS-^sis s^^
fef E LJW Big Juvenile
J& FPFF , Department at With clothing PJßCHASe
JOafc f &■ fl^ fSi^L fcP%M < : - With every Suit or Overcoat
'■''" Opg "'-' O-' "*V- V ! <rl^' ' r /v\''/f^ r l* X purchase on our second floor
v< iMk 0110 uAtP £ct£slsv A^J( Saturday we will give one of
y^> pUr\CnAsu. / r\ s|3ml\ s*^Snfah-\ those clever Torpedo Boats, as
'■''',' ' ++ ' V; j" / J/boIV Ml \fl\ \ shown in illustration above,
">T- SAT JDhAY / / I -■•/• ///// l\\\ \ which fires off three torpedoes.
vy&.'. 1-LM 0 - o J s JJ I \\\\^: It's a high-class, clever toy. We
'•'-&' ' '■ ' |ri {^JL¥ T^i I WrT^a* w^ c your Santa Clans. .
With every Suit or Overcoat purchase on Our picture above shoivs^you 1 If ' [T^T
our second 'floor Saturday, we will g.ve that two very fashionable Winter . TTUii. 1 O o ~7m
highly amusing game, "Mother Goose Lad- 6 arments for little folks. nil «»/
der.'\ you have no toys to buy for Christ- -^ rp hnoo T '^ TTj n ft; .- ,••*!, /J P or% 111
mas; we will be your Santa Claus. . nose Long Ulsters IVlth deep L J I
" .' : ~*g3 , ;.. — storm collar and a very swell U]\ X I L
- ./^A^v^— l Cape Overcoat ivith a .double- /ifluji I Ml i i »_^C\
/i\-l^\ cape effect. ,, . ,>. /|M |U i'/^A
IV ,a T^n\ The Cape Overcoat comes in \ Z)J Bta fie •+ i
J?&J/nL^x\ blues, grays and pretty mix- *^ \^S
/m^Ht^wX \i tures, handsomely braided, for Wj 13
<r->w jS : ''\ti£o'\'x)l little fellows between the ages of fB «
I ' £*jS\ V 3 and 10. Friday andSatur- jjl R
y\ * °^l\ V^ day they'll be on sale on our sec- J/\ In ' •
@ hi M p)l ond floor at I*
IllliliP ° °4J| ; $2.50, Reefer Suits
!ilflilSr L T = 01 Those long, warm Ulsters of With An Extra Pair of Pants
IJLu R 1 A (ifT^ ours, in fine Scotches, in rich Some 500 swell Reefer Suits,
I 1 Will II 1 m CUV J colorings, cut extra long, reach- ™ blue, richly braided, made
X^jr. y-filLJ&&*i/ i a way down to the little f el- with deep sailor collar ; Suits
\T* )KfH'-' ' lows ' ankles, with high storm that are alone worth $5, inched -
V-^^JganlßJa ' ■••' ; collar, goods that you can't ing an extra pair of blue pants,
— <*/ m - ', touch in other stores under $6. made with buckle on the side.
m fjf i • Friday and* Saturday they'll be The two, the Suit and the, ex-
"-■'•■■■• JM : - BY ' on sale at ' tra Pants. Friday and Satur-
J§o KA C^Q CA day, and on these two days only,
' Some 600 swell Scotch: Cheviot: Suits with extra vpO«Ov/« at -*-»,-,=,
Pants. 'J he Suit and extra pants are worth $6.50. ' — - ' ~- «Ma.YO—
The colorings are all brand new, and crca'ed espe- jgn, . ■ /-> • • ■ : ~ '
daily for our Holiday trade. For short-trouper- 4*\l«£W UUr picture On S~~\ Onthesidewe
wear ing lads between the ages of 5 and 15. o<^JHfi Dtt£#* t"h p rl 0 o7i/i;/.<. r^ZE3? • , ,
Ihe fabrics are wear-resisting ; the colorings are WJKm *">'' SnOWS nf^^ picture to you a
all new. Friday and Saturday, the Suit,, includ- iFj: I VOW the back X. jU 7/ Pr 7/ CIP V P r
ing an extra pair of Pants, at , ->* 'V ; • j? X \ZJ VCryCUever
_53.7Q-_ ;, ff f»i view of the --fiwZifW double-breasted
''■"■ - -'■■-^■^ ■■ ■■ '- — r\ "i 7~ — • 7 II •'" Ifflji/i Mariner, one of ' /T^vX^\ Suit for young
■m, / (£^M^^sidew6 M \\\m our newest /\Y^\ me// between
rt^jW snotr nnu a rrni ifln m 1 tiff f P] • , . / tr • \+i „ ,• 1 >
>>JW sivell little Suit W:±~^*ly Mcasin sailors. /J f a made FrTm
Af P%T\ ctlledthc En- \J /ij sweii affair m \jfl \ • hiah rlaU Chr-
J;^ which we have fIT TIT lawfully <lf, TL/c from
' Wfc\ c did the. "En- \j)n swell affair in \P J 1
,• &%S sign," gotten up V 1 1" "if blue. • ' J vi!"'i^ bits'
JffrP 8 ? especially for WV The suit is V blacks,- also
■^/aS^^M^i^?^^ \l\ made from LL — F those very clever
. > for lads between W W heavy Winter "A ~ and dressy Clay
■•'o*B Tr $ the a i es °f 3 Hi weight Chev- ■ \ Worsteds in
CQCi A' >r and 10; { aver y W 1 lots - $ 6 - 9 5icas I / A black; dress-up
On/ :^V ; y- sweet little af- m y v^: to be the price; // I Garments for
:- : V ;; ' V i: 'II \ fair in blue, a • '^ for-Uttleladsbe- I / \ young men,
IB I suit we intend- tween the ages of 3 and 10 years, II -W 'Suits that you
f W ed to sell for including a lanyard and whis- H / \JJ " can't duplicate
■Mr "•'•' $7.50. tie. Saturday on our big second <£& ,0 in this town un-
Friday and Saturday on sale fl° or at - - der $12. Friday and Saturday
on our bid < second, floor at ttsQ Q £> on our big second floor at
■ ,:.^j s :oo^ : - /•■■•;■.; h^ olo *-'- — : $7.45—
£2*s -PADUAUT'Q PADUA FT 'Q™*^
Riding Hood. {■';:> ;*, , CLAUS
They're on the '.(Incorporated), • (Incorporated), want to see the
•SSSMfa ™**ii CO * Ora - c . That Bi^ Keamy-St. Store • | %s%*
little ones. V, ±1, 10, 15 Ke-amy St. With the Tiny Prices. 10-DdY.
34
CONVICTION OF
THE KANSAS KID
Most Notorious Counter
feiter Ever in the
Northwest.
Has Served a Term Before, and
Few Cities Have Escaped
His Money.
Even Trial Jurors Were Unable to
Distinguish His Coin From the
Genuine.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 10. — Gay
Harshman, alias "the Kansas Kid," the
most notorious counterfeiter that ever
struck the Northwest, was convicted this
afternoon in the Federal court and the
Government authorities hope to see him
go to McNeils Island for a long time.
That he has caused them much tronble in
the Northwest there is no doubt, and
thero are few cities in the Northwest that
has not had some of his money. He was
sent up one year ago for counterfeiting.
At that time nothing was known of his
career, but after he went to jail it was
learned that he was at the head of a gang
that operated in this State and in Oregon
and California. Whon lie got out of jail,
two months a^o, the officers tried to keep
track of him. They heard that he was in
Eastern Washington and went there in
search of him.
While there they arrested a man named
George Conkline for passing counterfeit
$5 pold pieces. It was learned that Conk
iing's home was in this county. The offi
cers found it and searched it and the first
thine they came across was a photograph
of the Kansas Kid and a letter giving his
whereabouts. Tuey located him in a log
ging camp near by. Conkling turned
State's evidence after receiving a slight
sentence.
The United States District Attorney
made a statement to-day that Harshman
lias passed over $10,000 of fane money that
is known to the Government, and how
much that is not known cannot be esti
mated. While the case was being tried
the jury tried to distinguish Harsnnian's
money from the genuine, but confessed in
the end ttieir inathlity to do so. The local
Government officers say he is the worst
man at the business they have encoun
tered in recei t years.
SAN JOAQUIN'S EXHIBIT.
ifi/l Make a Fine Display of Oranges,
Oi/ves and Nuts at Fresno's
Citrus hair.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec 10.— This after
noon the exhibit that is to be placed in
the Fresno County Citrus Fair, to be held
in the raisin center next week, was shipped
from here. The exhibit is in charge of
Colonel Henry G. Shaw, an old-time news
paper man, and tie has been making every
effort to have a creditable display of all
the products of this county. The Stock
ton Commercial Association is back of the
plan to make an exhibit at Fresno, and
has done much to create interest in the
affair here. While this is not the season
of the year when San Joaquin County can
make her best showine, her booth in the
Fresno pavilion will not be to her dis
credit. A quantity of oranges formed part i
of the display that went from here, and
the display of olives and nuts will be hard
to equal anywhere.
During the week of lhe fair at Fresno
the Valley road will run excursion trains
from here regularly. The company has
made a one and oae-ihird rate for the
occasion, and will maintain thi- ail during
next week. It is the intention of the
company to make it as easy as possible
for Stockton people to see the coming dis
play in the raisin center, and this is one
of the reasons that has led it to cut lates.
There will probably be a large crowd to go
irom here to Fresno some time during
next week to witness the exhibition.
CAPTAIN JENSEN'S PROTEST.
Imprisoned at Ensenada for Guano Smug-
glmg — He Sends a Strong Case
to Washington.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec 10.— Captain
Jensen and his two sailors, Anderson and
McAllister, who were captured on the
schooner Ellen at Elida Island, Lower
California, November 7, and who are now i
in the Ensenada prison awaiting trial for
smuggling guano, have sent a strong case
to the State Department at Washington.
Captain Jensen, who is handling the case
for the sailor^ as well as himself, claims
that his capture was effected by the
steamer Carlos Pacheco on the high seas,
and not within the three-mile limit, as
was at first supposed.
In response to Captain Jensen's appeal.
Secretary Olney has directed Vice-Consul
Godbo at Ensenada to investigate the
case thoroughly and ascertain if possible
from reliable witnesses whether Captain
Jensen's claims are true. If so, a serious
question will at once arise unless the
prisoners are immediately released.
Captain Jenson claims to have plenty
of witnesses to prove his allegations, and
Vice-Consul Godbe has admitted to an
American visitor to Ensenada that he re
eards the claim a strong one. Whatever
the outcome of the Jensen case, it is set
tled that the steamer Pacheco will not go
on any more cruises in pursuit of guano
poachers.
Colonel O. J. Crewe-Read, manager of
the Mcx can Land and Colonization Com
pany, is quoted as saying that he will not
permit tfie company to be used in any
business that will endanger the present
friendly relations between his company
and the Mexican or American Govern
ments. The fact that Ms company is a
British corporation and the further fact
that the steamer flies the Nicaraguan flag
further, complicate matters and call for
cuuuon.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
DEVOURED BY HOGS.
Awful .Fate of an Infant During the
Absence of lit Parent*.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Dec. 10.— A baby boy.
the son of Gregorio Chavez of Seris, So
nora, was killed in a horrible manner last
week. The parents of the child were
forced to make a journey, and left the
child in care of .an ignorant servant girl.
She left the child as soon as the parents'
backs were turned and flirted with a
soldier from Torin. In an hour or so she
returned with the soldier to the spot and
found a drove of hogs going in and out of
tbe door. Running iorward the truant
servant was horrified to find pieces of the
baby's flesh being eaten hy the animals.
The child bad been dragged from its crib
to the floor, and there the ravenous swine
fought over it, tearing it to pieces and
covering the floor with its blooa.
Acquitted at Red Bivff.
RED BLUFF. Cal., Dec. 10.— The pre
liminary examination of Conductor E. F.
Chase, Engineer F. A. Tolman and Fire
man Thomas Qnentin was held to-day be
fore Justice Gill. Tnese are the persons
who were arrested for the killing of Mr.
Vandergriff at Vina by a light engine on
the evening of November 3. District
Attorney Andrews represented the people,
and General N. P. Chipman appeared for
the defendants. Th? examination took
the entire day. and at 5 o'clock the matter
was submitted to the court. He gave a
short opinion, in which he dismissed the
defendants. General satisfaction is felt
here at the result.
BASEBALL AT STANFORD.
Talk of Again Securing Bill Lange as
Coach— Lecture on "Ethics of
Engineering. "
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Dec.
10. — The baseball men have no intention
of losing their grip this year on the cham
pionship pennant and University Club
trophy cup, if taking time by the forelock
will help to retain them. Last year the
players had the benefit of training under
a professional ball-player, Bill Lange, and
the men think they were sufficiently bene
fited by it to warrant his engagement
this year. The executive committee has
been requested to grant the engagement
of a coach, but owing to the unsettled
state of the student body finance, nothing
can be granted until after January 1. It
is not improbable, However, that the re
quest of the ballmon will be favored.
Captain Thompson doesn't believe in
prolonged training, so he has not called
out his men yet, tor does he intend to do
so until along in January. The diamond
will reauire very slight repairs or altera
tions and can be got ready at a day's
notice. '
Last evening, the well-known engineer,
Randall Hunt, delivered a lecture here
under the auspices of the Civil Engineer
ing Club, on "Ethics of Engineering."
The speaker was introduced by President
H. Z. Osborne Jr. of the Civil Engineering
Club. The speaker retained the interested
attention of his large audience for over an
hour. It is the intention of the engineer
ing clubs to have several speakers here in
the future.
SUICIDE AT SAN JOSE.
i James L. Reedy, Janitor of the City Hall
and a Pioneer, Ends His Life
With Strychnine.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec 10.— James L.
Reedy, janitor of the City Hall, committed
suicide about 8 o'clock this morning in a
room adjoining the Public Library by tak
ing strychnine. His groans attracted the
attention of people on the second floor.
The door of the room was locked, and in
order to enter the room it was necessary
to climb through a window. Reedy was
lying on his back on the floor, and to Offi
cer Monroe he stated he had taken strych
nine. City Physician Harris was sum
i moned, but when he arrived life was ex
tinct. Reedy said he did not want a
doctor and wanted to die.
Under a stationary washstand in the
room was found a two-ounce vial of strych
nine, and a glass containing some of the
poison was standing near the drinking
tank in the Horary.
Reedy was a pioneer of the State and
had redded in this valley for forty-two
year?. He was the father of fifteen chil
dren, twelve of whom are still alive. He
also leaves a widow. For some time he
has been despondent, and a few days ago
he told Constable Haley that he intended
to end his life. He was a native of Michi
gan, aged 6a years.
An inquest was held this afternoon and
a verdict of suicide, caused by financial
troubles, was rendered.
THE KIRMENN OF NATIONE.
Ladies of the Oi rental Booth Direct Last
Evening's Programme.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Dec. 10.— The kirmess
of nations at Turn Verein Hall for the
benefit of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
is attracting large attendances. The pro
gramme this evening was in charge of the
Oriental booth, under the direction of
I Mrs. L. Finigan and Mrs. B. C. Longdon.
A grand march of the characters was fol
lowed by the following tableaux on the
stage:
Assyriß— Queen of Slieba, Mrs. H. M. N.
Sp-ing; Solomon, Mr. Jennison.
Egypt— "The Return of Kadames From the
Wars" — Ammeris, Mrs. William Fowler ; Aida,
Miss Longdon ; Radames, Roman General.
"Aida Pleads for fiiy."
"Cleopatra Welcomes Marc Anthony"— Mrs.
Finigan. Miss Pearl Hall, Miss Katie Wright,
Miss Aitken, Dr. S. C. Maynard, the Misses
Jamison, Dr. Pleper, attendants and servants.
"Cleopatra Pleading With Octavus Qea&i,"
Mrs. Finigan and Henry McComa*.
I'ersia— "On the Journey to the Vale of Cash
mere," Miss Juliet Finigan, Miss A. C. Young,
Miss ivy Johnson and Miss Knickerbocker;
attendants— Messrs. Uibson. Percy Grey,
Aitken, Finigan and Jennison.
"The Li?ht of the Harem," Miss Finigan and
Miss Young.
Friday night wi'l he Spanish ni?ht at the
Kirmess; Saturday, Grecian night, and Satur
day matinee, all nations.
Saloon District Ordinance Sustained.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 10.— Judge Lori
gau of the Superior Court has rendered a
decision sustaining the saloon district or
dinance passed by the City Council, fixing
a limit within whicli only retail liquor
licenses shall ba granted. The ruling is
upon the case of John Dougherty, who
was fined $60 by Justice Glass for vio
lating the ordinance by selling liquor at
his place of business at 750 Orcharu street,
which is outside the prescribed lines.
Death of J-Jdtcard L. Auzerais.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 10.— Edward L.
Auzerais of the firm of Brassy & Co. died
at his residence on Aium Rock avenue,
thia morning. He was a native of France,
and 38 years of age. The deceased cam" to
San Jose when 12 years oM. After residing
here ei«ht years be returned to France, but
in 1884 he came back to make his home here.
He was a nephew of Eiward and John
Auzerais, well-known pioneers of this val
ley. A widow survives him.
FOR FATHER LAG AN'S SOUL.
impressive Ceremony at Jielivood City's
Catholic Church.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal, Dec. 10.— A
most solemn and impressive requiem
mass was performed at the Catholic
church this morning in honor of the late
Father La era n, who died suddenly in San
t rancisco a week ago last Friday. Father
Lagan had been living at this place a few
months prior to his death. The services
were conducted by Fatner Foley, Father
Brennan, Father Cooper and Father
Cullen, all of San Francisco. Father
Collahan of San Mateo, Father Riordan
of Menlo Park, Father Lagan, a brother
of the deceased, of San Rafael, and Father
Conlan of this place were present, but
did not taK6 part on tbe altar. The
requiem was sung by a choir specially
selected from San Francisco composed of !
Miss Broderick, Miss Mallon, the two j
Misses Devlin, Mr. Hilliard and Mr. 1
G'Brien. Miss Morgan officiated at the
organ.
» ■ -
Jierada's Attorney- General Dead,
CARSON, Nev., Dec. 10.— Robert Muir j
Beatty, Attorney-General of Nevada, died 1
at noon to-day in Carson City of heart !
failure. He was elected to ; his office two j
years ago on the Silver party ticket. He i
was 47 years of age. The Capitol flag is at I
half-mast. The Governor has the duty of
appointing his successor. •:
'::'*':£ . ." i : '.. " ♦ — "" " ■
Hirertide's Big Orange Shipment.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Dec. 10.—Thirty
one cars of oranges were, shipped from
here yesterday — the heaviest day's ship
j ment ever made this early in the Reason. -
■ , ■ ■'■ ■ — — — •—• — • — «^ — - ■ ,
TO CURE A COLD IS ONE DAY.
I Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drag- j
1 gists refund the money Uit tails to cure. 25c. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
MARSHALL MILLER
WILL HANG-TO-DAY
His Crime the Murder of a
Marysville Pawn
broker.
Vainly Sought to Escape the
Gallows by Pleading
Guilty.
Now Protests Innccence and Blames
His Partner, His Lawyers
and tbe Court.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Dec 10.— The ex
ecution of Marshall J. Miller will take
place at San Quentin at 10 a. m. to-mor
row for the murder of an old pawnbroker
in Marysville on May 1, 1895. He had a
partner in the crime, Stewart A. Green,
who with better luck received a life sen
tence by stipulation of the jury. Green
was tried first; then Miller, by advice of
counsel and hoping to get the same sen
tence, pleaded guilty, but the Judgelsen
tenced him to death. He secured a stay
on appeal, but was refused a new trial.
He has felt sanguine that the Governor
would commute Ms sentence, but was to
day, informed by his lawyers that the Gov
ernor refused. He requested this morning
that no newspaper men nor anybody else
should be admitted to see him except the
priest. The Warden complied with his
request. Father Conley has been witn
him to-day, and after a long interview
Miller desired to see a reporter, so permis
sion was given to a Call reporter to inter
view him; but he had changed hia mind,
he said, and Father Conley would give
out to-morrow what he had to say.
Miller is a free talker, however, and
made it apparent that his only statement
was a tirade against Green, his partner in
crime, of whom he spoKe with much bit
terness. He denies that he is guilty, and
will doubtless po to the gallows asserting
his innocence. He says that his convic
tion was al! jobbery; that he has never
committed any crime or ever been ar
rested before. He was convicted, he says,
on the testimony of two ex-convicts. He
claims that he was given drugged liquor
and taken into the murdered man's store,
and that was all he knew about it. He
blames his lawyers and the court and is
particularly bitter agaiiut Green, whom
he charges with various crimes If he
does not change very much to-night he
will go to the gallows claiming that his
execution is a miscarriage of justice and
the murder of an innocent man.
Miller talked in a iree and easy, indif
ferent manner, with much profanity in
termixed and with perlect coolness and
nerve. He said he was a widower and
that his parents were dead. He is about
50 years of age, a native of Ohio, and so
far as known has no family nor relatives
on this coast. He had a barber-shop in
Marysville, but had been there only a
short time, ha. ling from Arizona and be
fore that from Mexico. The old man for
whose murder he will be hanged was
named Julius Pier.
FIGHT WITH A BUFFALO BULL.
Two Hunters Have Exciting Sport' on
Ante/ope Island, in Great
Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 10.— One of
the last members of the buffalo family was
killed on Antelope Island, in Great Salt
Late, Tuesday, the hunting party killing
it'arnving in thi3 city to-day. Tbe snimal
was an old bull, who has for some years
lived on the island undisturbed, but re
cently on account of his becoming sav&ge
it was decided to shoot him. He showed
fight, and Colonel Shaughr.essy and Man
ager Brown of the Western Unioh Tele
graph Company, who did the siiooting,
narrowly escaped injury.
The buffalo was found in one of the
canyons up the island, and when driven
out by horsemen became very belligerent,
going through barbed-wire fences without
ceremony; attacking men and horses and
causing general consternation. Colonel
Sheughnessy fired the first shot, which
did not penetrate a vit3l point, and for a
time it looked as though some one would
be killed, but Brown got action with a
Winchester at 200 yards and fired a bullet
through the bison's heart, killing him in
stantly. He was brought to this city to
day and is now on exhibition. He weighed
2345 rounds. This is one of the largest
buffaloes ever seen in the city.
SEEKS A BETTER LIFE.
Forlorn Condition of a White Woman
Who Eloped With a Chinaman.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. : 10.— A white
woman, aged 21 years, giving the name of
Mrs. Charley Tom, was arrested here
Tuesday for drunkenness and she was sent
to the Open Door Reformatory. Since
then disclosures have been made tnat her
name was Amelia bt:atton, and less than
four years ago she was one of three
daughters in a well-to-do 'family in Pres
cott, Ariz. Charley Tom was a domestic
in that family, and on one occasion he
surreptitiously gratified Amelia's cariosity
by allowing her to take a number of whiffs
from his opium pipe. i Commonly the in
troductory inhalations are anything but
agreeable, but in the case of the girl she at
once became fascinated with the ' effect.
Her natural refinement within a year's
time thereafter vanished, and one summer
night in 1894 she and the Chinaman
eloped. They went to Phoenix before
Amelia's people fcnew whither she had
gone, else Charley would long since have
taken his departure from this globe. They
were married in Phoenix. Since then, it
is claimed, there has been no communi
cation between the outcast and her family.
The woman , expresses a wish ; to lead a
better life, but toe authorities are in a
quandary what to do with her. V
....■ ♦ " *"'" ' ■ '■-■-[. ■
FELT DE AD AT PORTLAND.
George W. Starer, a Prominent Mer
chnnt, Succumb* to Apoplexy.
PORTLAND, OR., Dec. 10.— George W.
Stayer, head of the widely known agricul
tural-implement house of G. W. Stayer &
Co., fell dead in his office this morning
from a stroKo of apoplexy. Mr. 6taver had
just finished looking over his morning
mail and had been consulting M. B. Me-
Fau!, the bookkeeper, about the day's
bu-iness when his untimely end came.
Deceased was 65 years old and had been
a leading spirit in Portland mercantile
life since the firm of Stayer <fc Walker
commenced business here in lhe early
'80s . He leaves a wife, two daughters and
a son, John Stayer, who is engaged in
business in San Francisco. Miss Nellie
Stayer Jives at home. The other daughter,
Ida, is now Mrs. Molding of Chicago.
♦
Officer* of Santa Cruz Kndeararer*.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 10.— The
Christian Endeavor Society of the Metho
dist church has elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing six months: Miss
Lottie Grant, president; Carlton Ames,
vice-president; Miss Sophie Shirley, tecre
tary; Bert Izant, treasurer. The society
has ninety-eight active, twenty-six associ
ate and sixteen honorary member?.
Christmas morning the society will hold
a sunrise prayer meeting.
GRIEF AT SANT A CRUZ.
Tfte Community Shocked by Mrs. J. A.
Young's Bad Accident.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 10.— Mrs. J.
S. Yonug, the victim of a supposed rail
road accident at Berkeley, but which
accident more probably was the result of
cerebral troubles, used to reside at Hazel
Glen, Branciforte avenue, East Santa
Cruz, one of tbe finest residences in this
section. She suffered very severely from
neuralgic pains in the head, often result
ing in mental aberration and strange diz
ziness. She was a lady of exceptional
amiability and was related to W. P. and
C. H. Young of this city. Some nine
years ago she lost her son, Cory L. Young,
in a mysterious gun accident. This caused
her much pain, and the true facts of his
death have never been cleared up. Some
three months ago the family moved to
Dw'ght way, Berkeley, and it is the opin
ion of relatives here that the contusion on
the back of her head was the result of fall
ing across the track while momentarily
afflicted with one of her dizzy attacks, su
perinduced probably by heat caused by
exertions to catch the 6 p. M. train at
Berkeley. Sincere and deep regret is ex
pressed on all sides at the accident.
The Sheriff Still in Possession.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 10.— The in
tended vacating of the Pacific Ocean
House by Sheriff Bess to-day did not oc
cur, for the reason that last night the F.
A. Hihn Company, owner of the building,
withdrew the notice it had served on the
Sheriff to vacate the premises. The con
templated changes will not occur before
next Monday.
■Saval Reserves to Give a Ball.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 10.— The
Fourth Gun Division, Naval Battalion, N.
G. C, will give a ball New Year's eve at
their armory. Lieutenant A. A. Morey
last night, for the first time since the
organization of the Naval Reserve, in
structed the men in guard mount.
CASE OF THE CAROLENA.
Progress of the Investigation Before the
Bering Sea Claims Commission
at Victoria.
VICTORIA B. C, Dec 10.— The British
case in behalf of tbe schooner Carolena's
claims having been practically completed
before the Bering Sea Claims Commission
this morning, Hon. Mr. Dickinson ob
tained a postponement of the hearing of
evidence till to-morrow so that he and his
colleagues might have time to look over
the British evidence. He, however, put
in some preliminary evidence so as to save
as much time as possible.
Upon Mr. Dickinson starting to read ex
tracts from the United States case pre
sented at Paris, Mr. Peters raised the ob
jection that while it was quite competent
for the United States to use any of the
British cases at Paris against the British
side now, it was not permissible to again
use statements made by tbe United States
at Paris unless simply qualifying the ex
tracts from the United States case used by
the British before the present commission.
Mr. Dickinson replied that the extracts
were simply for qualifying the extracts
read by the British side. Mr. Peters
bad read extracts from the United Stales
case to show that the seals had been nu
merous in Bering Sea in 1886, and the ex
tracts the United States now wanted read
were to show that even it they were there
was no proof that the schooner could have
caught them.
PGters said that the extracts were not
aualifying but distinctly different. The
commissioners, however, decided that
Dickinson could read his extracts and that
gentleman proceeded to do so. They were
from tbe affidavits of witnesses of the
United States statins that two-thirds or
even more of the seals were lost to the
hunters.
Dickinson next wanted to put in the
naturalization papers of A. F. Bechtel for
the purpose of showing that Bechtel had 1
been a United States citizen before ho be
came a British subject. Bechtel, it will
remembered, had a mortgage on the Car
olena when seized and only became a Brit
ish subject some years later.
Pe;ers objected to the naturalization
papers going in as entirely irrelevant.
He objected to the citizenship of Bechtel
coming up at all. However, that was a
question which would no doubt come up
on final argument.
As Justice King pointed out that the
documents did not prove Bechtel was au
American before he became a British sub
ject and that the document would incum
ber the report of the proceedings, Dickin
son withdrew tbe papers, and after the
United States had put in a lett?r from the
Department of Fisheries of Canada, dated
July 26,1887, to show that Mr. Munsie
had been informed from Ottawa of the de
cision ot the United States Government in
April of that year to give back the
schooner Carolena, the commission ad
journed.
STATE PRISON AFFAIRS.
Biennial Report of the Directors Showing
the Condition and Needs of the
Institutions.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 10.— The
biennial report of tne State Board of
Prison Directors has been submitted to
Governor Budd. Tbe report points out
that the question how to employ the large
number of prisoners at Folsom and San
Quentin at some occupation which would
prove profitable is a question full cf diffi
culties and one which the board has not
yet solved.
It is apparent, says the report, that the
jute mill is not and never will be, in the
opinion of the directors, a money-making
institution for the State. It has been run
at a loss, altuough it must not be for.
gotten that it has been of untold
beneht to the farmers of the State. It
has been a benefit, says the report, to a
class of people who deserve ail they can
get. The report further declares:
After very careful consideration and investi
gation we are strongly of the opinion that
much benefit would result were the prisoners
consolidated at Folsom. The iree power there
means the saving of a great deal of money each
year, and beside the per ca 'ita for maintain
ance would be much lower were the number
of prisoners greater.
We believe it would be of untold benefit to
have constructed at Folsom additional prison
room on the most approved and modern plan.
This need not be done immediately, but suffi
cient appropriation could be made so that
during the next two years it could be com
menced and some of it completed, and then an
additional anpropriation made afterward to
complete it with.
With the prison labor and free power and
the granite on the gruund, a model prison
could be constructed at a nominal cost. The
cost uf the change would not be great, and we
reiterate all that was said on the subject in
our report two years ago.
The report states that the parole law
has tbus far worked well and done much
to reform those who have been accorded
its privileges. The rock-crusher has been
a decided success and has materially re
duced tbe price of road material in all
places where distance ha 3 not made the
cost of transportation too great. The re
port embraces these recommendations
from the board :
First— That some appropriation be made
looking 10 the enlargement of the Folsom
Prison, with the idea of future consolidation.
Second— That the Legislature take some
action with reference to the employment of
prisoners at industries other than the manu
iacture of iute fabric.
Third— That the provisions of the Ostrom
law governing the sale of jute bags at San
Quentin be repealed and the board be left
free to act in the matter of the disposal of the
same.
Fourth— That appropriations be made for
the construction of an insane ward at one of
the prisons; also, for the building of a wharf
at San Quentin, and for the purpose of secur
ing for the Folsom prison a system of sewerage
win ba ap Droved of by the State Board of
Health.
The report of Warden Aull to the Board
of Prison Directors is incorporated in the
report to the Governor. It shows that the
prison at Folsom is deriving benefits from
the improvements made by years of hard
labor about the prison, including free
power, free ice and practically free light.
The cultivation of the prison farm has
also done much to reduce the cost of
maintenance. The Warden urges the pur
chase of additional land to meet tbe re
quirements of the prison. The health of
the prisoners is good, the death rate Deine
lower than in any institution of the sort
within the Warden's knowledge, showing
the effect of absolute cleanliness.
SANTA BARBARA DEDICATION..
Opening of the Meu> Masonic Hall Is a
Pleasant Event,
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Dec. 10.—
The dedication of the new Masonic Hall
Diseases stxid
Disabilities of Men.
RESTORES THE NATURAL HEART'S ACTION. (
HUDYAN Causes the Blood to Flow to and Through the
Heart in a Healthy Condition and Gives New
Life to the Nerves of the Body.
HUDYAN IS THE GREATEST KNOWN REMEDIO-TREATMENT.
Diseases and
Disabilities
of Men.
PALPITATION OF THE HEART, A
Clutching Sensation of the Heart,
Sense of . Fullness of toe . Heart, - Feeble
Pulsations.
Cold, Clammy Hands and Feet.
Melancholy Spells.
Blues. _ ;
Inability to concentrate the Mind.
'Wake Tired.
. Go to Bed Languid, Weary. _
When you are in this condition you
really feel unfit "for. business or society,
you feel shy, desire "to be alone, des-
pondent.
You are suffering 1 from Nervous De-
bility. ,
You should use the great remedio-treat-
ment, Hudyan. t v  . 7>
You are not so vigorous; you have not
the energy, vim, vitality you have had. '
Why? ; , rx . .
I You are losing your grip. Stop and ]
think. Remember, if you take the matter
in time you can be restored.
HUDYAN CURES.
The great Hudyan is the marvel of the
nineteenth century. "It- always cures.
1000 people know so; , 1000 people foel so ;
1000 people say so. We will send you 1000
testimonials. Write for 1000 testimonials.
CIRCULiAB.B 3E*ZI.Z2£S
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FBANCISCO, CAL.
here to-day marks a new era in the fra
ternal history of Santa Barbara by brine
ing the uninitiated into closer touch with
members of the order. The committee of
arrangements having finished its labors
gave way to the committee of reception,
which from 2 to 5 o'clock p. m. left noth
ing undone to make things pleasant for
the assembled hundreds that thronged
their new hail to view its spacious inte
rior, which looked like a veritable flower
garden, and partake of a bounteous re
past, so well arranged and served by the
ladies of the Eastern Star. There was a
reception to-night exclusively for mem
bers of the order and their families.
STATE INSANE ASYLUM.
Board of Dirrctora Meet, but Transact
Little Business.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 10.— The board
of directors of the State Insane Asylum
met to-day, but did little save to transact
routine business.
Attorney Louttit appeared before the
Bad Blood.
DIMPLES,
* Copper-colored Spots,
Sore Mouth,
Sore Throat,
Falling Hair,
Enlarged Lumps,
Glandular Lumps,
Skin Eruptions,
Partial Loss of Eyebrow,
Sore Eyes,
Mucous Patches in Mouth.
These are a few of the chief symptoms
of that dreadful disease, Syphilis. If you
are suffering from this disorder in the
primary, . secondary or tertiary states
don't lose any time in endeavoring to be
cured. The great 30-day cure of the old
Hudsonian doctors is now famous.
Many bad - cases have been cured in
thirty days. People Bay so, and it is cured
people who do say so.
If you wish to know more about the
30- Day Cure
Write for "Blood Book." It : will be sent
10 you iree. "  '
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills St«. : ' '
Private Diseases.
Varicocele, Stricture. Scalding, Burning,
Smarting, Frequent Urination, Premature
Discharges, s Gleet, 5 cured by the famous
remedy, ( Hudyan. Write for '
3BEtx'<aLy;a,xi. Circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute
■'-. Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FEANCIBCO, CAL.*
board with reference to settlement of th«
case against the estate of Uriah Martin,
which he had won for the asylum, but in
which a new trial nad been granted by
"HtTwanted'to know whether the asylum
directors were willing to accept a com
promise or desired to go ahead with •
new trial. The directors were of opinion
that they preferred a new trial, but as th«
directors have no power to engage tne ser
vices of an attorney the matter will be re
ferred to Attorney-General Fitzgerald.
A resolution authorizing the board to
employ a collector to collect outstanding
claims" due the asylum on a basis of a 1C
per cent commission, af er first obtaining
consent of the Attorney-General. wa»
passed.
Whole' a'e Dlscharo** at Mnre Inland
VALLEJO, Cal., Dec. 10.— Ninety-foui
men have bsen discharged from the con
struction department at the navy-yard
since Wednesday morning, owing to lack
of money. Other discharges will take
place in a day or two.
WASTED KIDNEYS
WILL SHOW SOME OF THE FOL-
lowing symptoms:
Great weakness,
Thirst,
Excessive quantity of water passed,
Emaciation,
Specific gravity high,
Bilious attacks,
Cramp.
Sudden sweats,
Loss of sexual power,
Loss of appetite,
Boils,
Carbuncles,
Eczema,
Itching,
Swelling around the eyes.
Loss of flesh.
When you notice any or all of thase
symptoms don't hesitate to do something
for yourself. If you are in doubt get a
knowledge of kidneys. Send for
"KNOWLEDGE OF KIDNEYS.' 1
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.,
Ban > rancisco, Cal.
yourTliver.
These are & few of the Liver Symptoms:
Furred tongue,
Drowsy feelin ,
Hacking couch,
Pain in right side, region of liver,
Headaches,
Loss of appetite,
Jaundice,
Yellow skin,
Spots before the eyes.
If you are suffering from liver troubles
and want to be cured write for
"BOOK ONLIVER" >
This valuable book will be sent free to
any one.
Hudson Medicallnstitute
Stockton, Hirket and Ellis Sts.,
I SAN FKAJSCISCO, CAL.MURDER IN THE
MEXICAN ARMY
Major Alvarado Is Slain
by a Subordinate
Officer.
The Deed Committed While the
Latter Is Being Court-
Martialed.
Great Excitement Among the Soldiers
and an Outbreak Is Narrowly
Averted.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 10.— By the
steamer Pacheco, which arrived from the
south to-day, news wa3 received of the
murder of Major Toraas Alvarado of
the Twelfth Infantry, stationed at Torin.
His slayer was Captain Vicente Cota, a de
scendant of a famous family in Mexico.
Captain Cota had been undergoing a
court-martial for allezed insubordination,
the charges being preferred by Major Alva
rado.
The superior officer alleged that on a
short campaign against the Yaquis Cap
(;in Cota was insubordinate on seveial
cessions, refusing to go over a certain
■ute on_4he way to the Sierra Bocatete,
ling to detail certain men as ordered
Jot special duty, and using language
toward his superior both in defiance of
orders and in an insulting manner.
Cota was furious when he learned of
these charges. He was Kept closely
guarded during the progress of the court
martial with two soldiers at either
hand and his own weapons taken
from ■ him. But after several days
of such vigilance th« guards be
came careless, and Cota, seizing a favor
able moment, snatched one of the car
bines and leveled it at Mnjor Alvarado,
who was not ten feet distance.
The shot took effect in the breast and
neck, Killing the victim instantly. The
guards pounced upon Cota and clubbed
him upon the head with their bines,
injuring him severely. Great excitement
was caused in the cuartel among the
soldiers, and it was with great difficulty
that an outbreak was avoided, as Cota is
very popular among the soldiers.
The captain, who now faces execution
by shooting, is a son of the famous Don
Clodomiro Cota, a lieutenant of General
Marquez in many battles during the
FYpnp.h nomination.
THE FIXDAN TRAGEDY
Bishop King Acquitted of the Killing of
(T. C Vila on.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 10.— Bishop
Kin?, the American civil engineer who
killed his countryman, W. C. Wilson, at
Tuxpam, Mexico, last week, has been re
leased by the authorities. He was in jail
at Pateo, where he escaped from Tuxpam,
= making his way through an unsettled por
tion of tne country and avoiding railroads.
King proceeded to the City of Mexico on
.Ill's way to Guadalajara. *', >-•"•?'
He said "Wilson, who was chief engineer j
of the Michoacan and Pacilic, which is i
building south from Ocampo, was a man
i ungovernable temper and frequently
j intoxicated. It v.as in a moo.i hko this
1 that he found fault with King for alleged
negligence, and when King replied in kind
he drew » revolver. King secured the
weapon and struck Wilson with the butt
end, rendering him unconscious. King
claims, however, that he did not know he
had killed Wilson.
King was in jail only a short time when
the Governor of Michoacan wired to the
• Jefe Politico ordering his release, stating
that an investigation revealed that King
had acted in self-defense. King lives at
Guadalajara and bears a good reputation.
• ' ;*sSsss3; *sSsss3
PERILS OF AN AMERICAN.
'Claim* That Bis Life Is Threatened, by
Mexican Officials.
SAN DIEGO. Cal.. Dec. 10.— Another
American citizen is in trouble in Mexico,
and the State Department will be called ■
upon to assist him. So far as can be ascer- j
tamed, it is a grave case, indicating a con- I
spiracy to do away with Carlos Miller, a j
' prosperous merchant of Cuanipilapara, in
the State of Guerrero. Miller is an
• . American citizen, though he has lived in
I ' Mexico for twenty-five years.
He was arrested on December 4 in the
City of Mexico and was held in Belem !
prison until released on habeas corpus i
proceedings, which it is said were favor- ;
ably decided through the intervention of
•• 1 toe Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs,
Hon. Ignacio Mariscal. Miller is charged j
with the murder of Engineer Eduardo j
Zepeda at Ometepec, Guerrero. The au- '■
thorities of Ometepec had demanded Mil
ler from the authorities of the capital city i
and meantime application had been made ■
* to Minister .Ransom for interference on
the part of the American Government.
Miller says a number of his enemies in
. • the State of Guerrero have banded to
/ pether to do away with him. He claims .
1 that a number of assassins were hired to j
j jay in wait for him at Putla, a village of
' Oaxaca, on .the road to Ometepec. with
orders to kill him when he passed by, and
to tell the story that he had tried to escape
from the officers.
IMPORTANT MI NING HEALS.
Great Activity at San Virgo and in Lower I
California. . - -
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 10.— Important
mining deals are in progress in Lower j
California. G. J. Maston or Chicago is |
now in this city negotiating for the Sueno j
and Lizalda mines, below the line, and if j
he buys them will erect a smelter in this i
city, with fifty tons capacity at first, but
capable of enlargement. . ,
The smelter will render possible the de
velopment of many mines now lying idle i
in this county and in Lower California.
A schooner, is to load in San Francisco
next week with machinery for the develop
ment of mines at San Franc^qnito. on the
gulf recently purchased by Percy Ailsopp
of London. * .  . .
The yacht Penelope is being altered at
San Pedro to carry more freight, and will
then sail for Einenada to get a cargo of
machinery to be taken irom San Jrancisco
on th* steamer Orizaba; This, will go to
Lacy Bros.' mines at San Francisquito.
•• -.- ■ - •' ....,.■■'. ■• -
CLAMOR 18LAJ0D TROUBLE.
Said to Bar* Been Seized by the British
for a Coaling station.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Dec. 10.— Clarion
Island, off the west coast of Mexico, is the
cause of considerable trouble on the part
lof the Federal Government,; according to
1: .ners receives from the south to-day.
\ Reports have been received at Mazatlan
aW the City of Mexico that the Mind
has been occupied. by the British and that
steps are now being taKen to convert it
into a coaling station, without askinp
Mexico's permission, and on an old claim
thai; the island was ceded to the British,
a forgotten treaty. The Mexican Govern
ment has ordered the transport Oaxaca to
proceed to the island at once, and if the
British are found there, as suspected, an
explanation will be in order without delay.
MINE DISASTER AT HEDGES.
Four Ken Reported Kill:d and From
Three to Twenty Injured by
Explosion or Cava.
YUMA, Ariz , Dec. 10.— Rumors of a
terrible disaster in the mines of the Golden
Cross Mining and Milling Company at
Hedge?, fifteen miles from here in San
Diego County, California, have reached
this town, and physicians have been sum
moned to attend the injured.
Reports are conflicting and nothing very
definite can be learned, but the most con
servative reports place the number of dead
at four and the iujured at from three to
twenty. It is said that four miners are
entombed in the bottom of the Queen, the
principal mine of the group, and there is
no hope for their escape.
Two or three men carae in from the
mines at a late hour to-night, but even
their reports conflict and the true state of
affairs wiil not be known before to-iaor
row. It seems certain, however, that a
deplorable disaster has occurred and the
only thing that remains in doubt is its
extent.
Several frame buildings standing close
to the Queen mine are known to have
burned, which would seem to indicate an
explosion, but that ia merely a theory,
and as it has been known for some time
that tnis mine was ia a dangerous condi
tion and liable to cave at any moment it
is more than likely that the accident oc
curred by too large a body of or« being
taken away from some un timbered por
tion of the shaft.
LOS ANGELES PARKHURSTS.
Meet Defeat in a Case Where Members of
the Society Appsar for the
Prosecution.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 10.— The
opponents of the Parkhurst Society had
their inning in Justice Morrison's court
here to-day. Judge Rush, the defendant's
attorney in the case before the court
wherein members of the society were wit
nesses, employed almost every epithet
known to the English language in his de
nunciation of ihe methods u?ed to entrap
unwary violators of the law by Rev. Mr.
McLean and his associates, and nnaliy
won his case on a motion to dismiss.
The little courtroom was crowded with
people when the argument was com
menced this morning on the defendant's
motion to nonsuit in the case of Florence
Laddv, keeper of a notorious house on* San
Pedro street, and charged with selling
liquor witiiout a retailer's license. The
non-suit was asKedfor on the eround that
the selling of one bottle of beer did not
constitute retailing in the eyes of the law.
IS THE RY AN TO GRIND ?
Project to Wine and Dine- Member* of
the Legislature. -
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 10.— A gen
tleman of prominence, high in the coun
cils of the Republican party, informs a j
Call correspondent that there is a large
sized darky concealed in the Legislaturs
banquet scheme to wine and dine mem
bers-elect to the California Legislature
! booked for the 14th inst. • :■■■■
"The foxy gentlemen who of their own
I motion planned these extraordinary pro
ceedings are likely to meet with a big set
| back when they* trot out their little
! joker." ;<aid the gentleman this afternoon.
Whether those word* refer to a ' harbor |
resolution or a plan for a whitewashing
legislative investigation into the manage
ment of the Whittier Reform School could 1
not be ascertained. . , ,' • _ .. ",
Both propositions, it is said, are on the j
programme, but the members-elect, being !
level-headed gentlemen, are not liable to ■
be caucht napping in behalf of any sort of !
j ax-griuding.
COUNTERFEATURS CAPTURER.
Tteo Important Arrnnts by Los Angeles
Itetectires.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 10— Two
wily counterfeiter.", named John Clark
and Frank Heniman, were lodged in the
city jail last night by Detectives Hawiey
and Auble after a long, weary chase.
About six weeks aeo several complaints
were lodged at police headquarters to
the effect that counterfeit half dollars
were being passed npon small *hop^
keeper*, whose places of business are out
side of the central portion of the city.
The matter was turned over to the two
detectives named, and by hard work night
and day tiny not only succeeded in cap
turing the criminals, but secured their
plant, consisting of metals, dies, tools and
quite a large sum of counterfeit coin.
TRALEN MUDDLED AETAINS.
Went the Pace That Kills and Left
Many Creditors.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 10.— City
Auditor Fred Teale ha«, it seems, not only
deserted his office, his home and his friends
(many of whom are his creditors), but
also the National Guard of California.
When he left here he was on his way to
win fame and fortune, as a soldier on the
insnrijent side in Cuba.
His private affairs are very much mud
dled and the total amount of his debts of
honor and otherwise are said to aggre.-ate
several thousand dollars. He went into
insolvency last summer and then began
"going the pace that kills." Mrs. Teale is
still in the city. Tnere is a general dispo
sition among members of the Council to
take no official action in the matter, as
Teale's term of office will soon expire.
Sent to Los Angeles to X>le.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 10.— An in
quest was held over the remains of a Mexi
can woman here to-oay, who, it is said, has
been sent to this city in a dyin^ condition
by the San Diego County authorities.
The verdict of the Coroner's jury was
"That the woman came to her death on
the 9th day of December from \alvular
disease of thre heart." The jury severely
condemns the acts of the San Diego Hos
pital authorities for sending the woman
in a destitute and dying condition to the
county of Los Angefes.
Judge Shaw Fixes Attorneys' Tees.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 10.— Judge
Shaw this afternoon fixed the attorneys'
fees in the Annie Pratt-Goodspeed will
case at $3000. The lawyers asked for
$12,0D0. Charles Hanlon and Patrick
Keddv of iran Francisco are of the attor
neys interested.
HOGGS' CENTENCE AFFIRMED.
Taeoma's . Thieving Treasurer.- Mutt
Languish tHae Long tears.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Dec 10.— The Su
preme Court to-day ailirmed the judg
ment of the Superior Court of Pierce
County sentencing George W. Bogcs, ex-
City Treasurer of Tacoma to six years in
the penitentiary.
Bogcs was sentenced last spring, after
one of the most sensational trials in the
history of Washington, for misusing the
city funds while Treasurer from 1890 to
"1894.- '
He was held in the County Jail until
July, when he was released on $10,000 bail,'
pending action by the Supreme Court.
: Boggs was in Spokane when last heard
from a few weeks ago. It is generally sup
posed by his friends that he will give him
self up and take his sentence peaceably.
TO CUBE A GOLD IN ONE DAY.
Take lawtiveßromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it hula to cure, 25e.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
SAID SHE HEARD
THE JUDGE DANCE
And Marie Viola Keller
Then Became Very,
Very Angry.
Because a Man 0:d Enough to
Be Her Father Had
Deserted Her.
She Is Smart and Knows I*, She Says,
and Her Ancestors Reach Back
to tbe Fifteenth Century.
Marie Viola Late Marchener Keller-
Hastings (?) added a spicy chapter to the
literature of her contest of the late Judge
Hastings' will yesterday. She was testi
fying all the afternoon in the office of
S. M. Shortridge, rattling on in her vol
uble and irrepressible way, every question
suggesting to her a battery of incidents
and side issues that she undertook to ex
plain.
She went into the story of her very re
markable career with evident relish, point
ing with pride to a "pedigree" that ran
back to the fifteenth century with "bisb
ops and courtiers" on ohe hand and
"knights and warriors" on the other, em
bracing no less than ''live coats of arms."
Her own nativity! "I claim French,
German and Scotch blood" was the quick
reply. "I am French first, as smart and
I know it. The trouble with you, who
have Irish blood in you"— referring to her
own counsel. Matt I. Sullivan — "is that
' you are smart and don't know it. lam
as pood a lawyer as though I wore trousers.
I'm as good a lawyer as any one. I know,
for instance, that a woman cannot sue her
husband for alimony while she has money
! in bank of her own, and as 1 always had
a lot of money and have some still, I
couldn't bring a suit of that kind. The
fact is, I was a money maker, I was born
that way. I have been an insurance
aeent, a lecturer, stock gambler and other
things besides, having kept a lodging
j house. Why I put $20,000 in one specula
tion in cotton down South. I made $18,000
in a gold speculation, buying in Tennes
see and selling in New York, and didn't
have a seat in the exchange either.
"When did I lecture? Oh, I studied
elocution in New York. Booth told me I
was one of the be3t he ever heard and that
1 would make a success if I tried the
atricals. But I hadn't time. I was always
bo busy. Preferred to work as an insur
ance agent? Oh, that was after my hus
band deserted me and not wishing to live
on the money I had saved I went to work
again. The "lecture? O.i! I lectured on j
! hygiene to 'women only.' I traveled all j
over the coast doing that and was very ;
successful. You old bachelors were not
permitted to hear but had to learn from
others what I saia."
It was in this style that the witness un
dertook to "depose" before Notary Levy in
the matter of the contest of Judge Hast
injrs' v ill.
Mr. Shortridge remonstrated, but with
little effect. Tiie notary warned the wit
ness to stick to the text, but her counsel
smiled and insisted tliat all the lady's
ramblinxs should go into the record.
Getting down to the case in point she
said thit she wrote letters to Judge Hast- I
ings right along until 1884, when "things i
bejian to become unpleasant." She tiis- ;
covered that th«* Judte was then traveling j
p round in the East in company with "this '
Knust girl." She wrote to him to know if j
he was goint{ to desert her for an ignorant
fprvant girl. She advised him that he j
had better set the girl's real lover up in
business and be done with them, for the j
iover would probably kill him.
"I Knew nothing about this Knust girl
till I heard the Judge remark to Mr.
Giselman that she had followed him t>
town. 1 was then aroused and went look
ing for her. I found wh«re ihe was stop
ring, and more than that, I found the
Judge there. I Mstened at the door and I \
heard the Judge doing a dance that was
peculiar to him." The witness looked
round at her smiling intelli
gently.
"I never had anything to do with h ; m
after that — never except once or twice,
when he was feeling penitent and sorry."
"What did you do when you found that
your husband had given himself to an
other?" asked Mr. Shortridge.
"1 was wild with chagrin to think thata
man old enough to be my father should
desert me."
"How did you subscribe yourself when
you wrote to him?"
"Oh. as "Your Loving Mary,' or 'Your
Devoted Mary.' Sometimes 'Your Heart
stricken Mary' when he was not behaving
himself."
"Whpn you heard that he had married
this other young woman — what did you
do then?"
"I don't admit that it was a marriage.
It was a bigamy. l)o you suppose Judge
Hastings would have committed a peni
tentiary offenso unless he had softening of
the brain? I brought this thing to the
Supreme Court, and in my answer there I
said I was his wife. He thought I would
sue for divorce, but I fooled him. He nrst
beggared himself by putting all bis prop
erty out of his name ana then committed
bignmv. Why, when I first heard of his
relations with this girl I went to see her.
I asked her it my husband had betrayed
her and »be said 'He ought to know,'
which I think was a very clever answer.
I told her I would give her $50 a month if
she would not fo.low him any more. I
offered also to send her to school, for she
hail no education."
The witness explained in answer to
close questioning how she came by the
name of Keller. Her maiden name was
Lake, wliich she sometimes used even in
these later days on visiting cards. Her
married name was Marchener, but it was
a foreign name and she didn't like it and
sn asked the Legislature of Illinois to
change her name to Keller. She had rela
tives of that nrnne, she said. She also
gained something of an inheritance in
that name. Did she have any other rea
son? Sh« might havp, she said, but these
were good enough and she would have to
"meditate" a long time to tell about the
"other reasons."
Mr. Shortridge told her to meditate, but
she would go no further in this line.
Those letters which were required to be
produced by the order of court were not
forthcoming. She aaid that she had b»?n
to her attorney's office that very morning.
They had been in the safe, but the tirm
had been moving, and they seemed to be
mislaid— they could not be found.
Mr. Sullivan slated that he had had two
papers supposed to be signed by Judge
Hastings, but he could not lay his hands
upon them. He wo ild make a search,
however. The hearing was then ad
journed. _____________
CROOKED WORK
WAS DONE,
Continued from First Page.
not acquainted with Fitzsimmons or with
Julian.
General Barnes bad no better luck with
this witness on the cross-examination than
he had with George Allen, but he did not
get caught in any of the trap holes that
Kowalsky and Freidenrich kindly left
open for him.
The examination of 'Abbott lasted till
after noon, and it was agreed to proceed
with the taking of further depositions,
beginnin<* next Monday morning at 10
o'clock. The counsel for Fitzsimmons said
that they had several other witnesses to ex
amine, and the attorneys for Sharkpy an
nounced that they desired to put Earp,
Sharkey, Gibbs, Groom and others on the
stand.
Judge Sanderson remarked that as the
matter was simply tbe taking of the de
positions of witnesses who were non-resi
dent and about to leave this City he would
not allow Messrs. Gibbs and Groom to be
placed on the stand. Tuey were old resi
dents of San Francisco, had no intention
of going away, and could not be driven
out of the City, he said.
"I am not trying this case now," added
♦ha court, % 'end I don't know whether it
ever can be tried."
"Are your witnesses residents here or
fugitives from somewhere else?" asked
Barnes of Kowalsky.
'•They are tbe snms kind as yours, gen
eral," responded Mr. Freidenrich.
After this exchange of courtesies the
court adjourned until Monday.
EARP'S STRAIGHT TIP.
How He Tried to Fix a Horse Race
and Throw Down His
Friends.
The following incident in which Wyatt
Earn, the referee of the recent Sharkey-
Fitzsimmons fight, figures, and which by
no means redounds to hi* credit, is well
remembered by many San Diegans.
The Fifth of May is a day religiously
observed by all patriotic Mexicans and
one gleefully celebrated, because it is the
anniversary of the battle of Saragoasa,
when, in their struggle for independence,
they overthrew the French forces and
gained liberty and equality.
It is the custom of the country to hold
horse races and athletic sports of all kinds
on this day. together with feasts and
dances. In the year 1890, when the anni
versary of the battle of Saragossa ap
proached, the Mex?cans and Americans
who lived in the neighborhood of Sempre
viva, which is on the border, about ten
miles east of Tia Juana, made great prep
arations for its observance.
One of the American residents of the
place, Harvey McCarthy, had a fine bay
horse, whose beauty and speed were the
pride of the border. This animal was es
pecially admired by the Mexican?, who
claimed that it coald outdistance any
other beast around the neighborhood in a
straight-away race.
One of the neighboring American ranch
ers, however, owned a handsome roan
horse, which he claimed could show a
clean pair of heels to the bay whenever
and wherever desired.
The feeling of rivalry between the two
men at last became so dtrong that it wa*
decided to have a fair trial of their horses'
speed, and this trial, it was arranged,
should be tbe principal event taking
place on the Mexican anniversary.
Both horses were matched in a half-mile
dash for a purse of $500.
As the day for the race approached the
excitement on both sides ran high, and
the Mexicans, when their money gave
out, brought their horses and cattle and
pledged them on the bay animal against
the gold of the Americans
Wyatt Earp was in the neighborhood at
the time and took a great interest in the
coming race. He went among his Ameri
can lr.ends and told them to bet all their
money on the roan horse, saying he had
arranged with the owner of the bay to
pull his animal, and that they would all
win big money by taking his advice.
The Americans almost to a man fol
lowed Earp's advice and took up every
bet^they could obtain, in many instances
giving big odd?.
On the day of the race just before it was
called Earp went to McCarthy, the owner
of .the bay horse, asked him to have it
pulled and offered him half the stakes if
he would throw the race in favor of the
Americans.
This McCarthy refused to do point blan*.
and then, fearing that his jockey bad been
tampered with, went out to where the
horses were on the track and discharged
him. He put another man in the saddle,
and remained with the horse until the
race was called.
At the start the roan bad a slight advan
tage, but the bay crept slowly up, and at
the quarter both horses were neck and
neck. Then tbe bay began to draw ahead
NEW TO-DAT.
{breaking up house. l
A REAL REMOVAL SALE
IN FULL BLAST, INVOLVING
$100,000 WORTH
; op 1 —
CLOTIMG, FURNISHING GOODS,
HATS, ETC.
H We've got to get out by February 1, and H
E that ends it. £
j Our anxiety to get out on time is shown j
~ by the greatest butchery of prices ever t
" known. P
v A HEAVY LOSS v
Is bound to fall upon us. Our losses will "~
result from sacrifices— not from lack of
M patronage during this sale. If you have IVI
O never seen Q
v A BIG FORCED SALE g
Of truly hieh-grade and latest fashioned Clothing:,
mm^J Furnlshinar Goods, Etc., look in on us. It's an
opportunity seldom presented— wa might say never "*-^ ■•■
before on so b\g a scale.
Our goods are worth only what they will bring
1 — and bring quickly.
Be businesslike and profit by making: your
holiday purchases partly at our expense. •
STORE OPEN TILL 10 P. M. \
h. soiierfTeld & co.,
Clothiers, Hatters and Gents' Furnishers,
924-930 MARKET STREET.
I BREAKING UP HOUSE. I
and flashed under the wire a winner by a
good length.
Immense excitement followed, and the
Americans, who quicKly discovered that
Earp had never had any tip on the result
and had deliberately thrown his friends,
became crazy wiih rage. Knives aud pis
tols quickly made their appearance, and
but for the fact that McCarthy, who was a
deputy sheriff, stepped in and protected
Earp, he would have lost his li c then and
there.
The matter was eventually arranged,
and the Americans settled their bets like
men, but they still remained very sore at
Earp, who, finding things decidedly too
warm for him, disappeared that night,
and has never been eeen in that part of
the country since.
This is a slight and fully authentic sam
ple of Wyatt Earp' 8 squareness from a
sporting point of view.
EARP AND HIS HOWITZER.
Judge Low Sentences Him to Pay a
Fine cf Fifty Dollars.
Wyatt Earp, the gun-fighter, was fined
$50 by Judge Low yesterday for carrying
a concealed weapon, the alternative being
twenty-five days in the County Jail. The
case attracted a large crowd, standing
room in the courtroom being at a
premium.
Captain Wittman testified to taking the
revolver from Earp while he was in the
priza ring at the Pavilion. He knew that
Earp was not an officer of the law and did
not have a permit to carry a revolver. He
also knew that Earp had been residing in
the City for the past four years.
Earp said he lived at 1004 Golden Gate
avenue and had been a resident of this
City for four years. He was a horseman.
Previous to that he was a sporting man,
and previous to that he was a United
States Marshal In Arizona, New Mexico
and Colorado.
"I have no permit," said Earp, "and
the reason I always carry a revolver is te
cause my life is constantly in danger from
people I have sent to the State's prison
from Arizona, New Mexico and Colorado,
who have threatened to kill me when their
terms expire, and some are expiring now.
If these men knew I had no weapon with
ruo then* would be a general onslaught
upon me."
Attorney Hardesty testified that he had
known Earp for fifteen or sixteen years,
when he was an officer of the law in
Arizona. He was a quiet, inoffensive man
and a first-class officer.
Judge Low said there was no doubt Earp
had violated the law, and he had no alter
native but to impose sentence upon him.
He deprecated the fact that tbe law should
leave no discretionary power in the hands
of the Judjre. He woaM inflict the lowest
penalty, $50, with tbe alternative of
twenty-five days in the County Jail.
E.irp had $50 bail money up a-ud he told
thft clerk of the court to keep it in pay
ment of his fine. He then walked out of
the courtroom with his attorney.
ANOTHER OF ITS FAKES.
An " Examiner" Story Calculated to
Injure the Prospects and Pros
perity of Fresno.
Faking can no more be renounced by the j
monarch of that style of journalism than ,
the use of morphine by the confirmed j
"dope fiend." With fakes — the foundn- I
tion of its claims to enterprise — eliminated |
from its columns it would Jose its reputa- ,
tion (so dear to its proprietor) for viciom i
sensationalism. So the fakinz must go
on. Whether individuals or communities
suffer matters not. Its latest effort is di
rected against the welfare of Fresno.
In yesterday's issue of the Examiner
was published a dispatch which purported [
to have come from Fresno stating that '
Fresno was to be abolished as a division '
terminus, and that the Baker^field divi
sion, in charge of Superintendent Burk- ,
halter, was to be consolidated out of exist- j
ence on January 1. This Jake dispatch I
stated that the northern half ol the divi |
slon was to be placed under the jurisdic- ;
tion ot Superintendent Wilder, whose
headquarters are at Oakland, and that the
southern half was to be merged into the j
division under Superintendent Muir, who
has headquarters at Los Angeles.
When the attention of General Manager
Julius Kruttschnit ot the Southern Pa
cific Company was called to the alleged
dispatch in the Examiner he remarked:
"Oh, that's simply another Examiner
fake, made out of whole cloth. No such
change is in contemplation and no such
change will be made. Both Mr. Wilder
and Mr. Muir have all they can now
attend to, and it would not be possible to
make the consolidation mentioned."
'. . . SETT TO-DAT-DPT ; r,OOT»<!
OUR
1O TO 12 SUE.
The merchandise offered at this sale is the
most seasonable and stupendous in value yet
offered at any of this series. We expect an im-
mense attendance. If we are disappointed it will
only be because your appetite for bargains is
satiated.
BRING THE KIDS ALONG TO SEE SANTA. '
EMBROIDERIES, 125 c a Yard. '
These are Irish points, of the finest needlework and design, not a, yard
worth less than 25c and many as high as 50c. They speak their own
praises. After 12 o'clock you can't buy them for double.
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, $6.
■ : . The talk of the town," silk-lined jacket?, rtistle percaline lined skirt,
made of Irish Frieze and cheviot serge. This serare sells over the coun-
ter for 75c a yard ; would not make the suit without material under $12.
O ur stock urice was $12 50 on these suits.
BIZARRE CLOTH, 6\c.
This is a new Eiderdown Flannelette, was put on the market to sell at
i2J^c. It is the greatest value in wrapper flannels ever sold in the
world. Get in early. We have 50 pieces in the sale, but we doubt if
they will last the two hours. They are on display in the big window.
- Come out. They are great value for 6J^c. ;•
LADIES' WHITE MERINO VESTS 2Sc.
Silk-stitched and bound, the best 50c vest to be found in this city.
That's our price, and the only one we ever had. For two hours I'oc.
CHEVIOT WEAVE SERGES, 49c.
Blue and black. 54 inches wide, the great 85c quality ; last year the same
goods sold at $1 ; the celebrated Arlington Mills make. For two hours
49c. If you will want a blue or black dress in the next six months get
in now. ; :., %*;; ,
"BLOCKED," a Game Like -Parches j 9 50c
A new game. This is a special price for two hour?, to bring crowds
down to the Toy Department, where everything is sold very, very close.
LA BELLE PERFUMES, all odors, 39c size for 2 hours 25c.
NEW , VEILINGS, fancies and plains, 12|c. Regular after-
noon prices 25c to 35c.
& *Prqp™ otstaHojxc?^
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
• j"____^ .iiiiiiian., i"iL_l_._. '._ '!_ ' '
I Philadelphia i
1 1 Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
i ——.— .
Hj STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
A Better Selection
Of holiday goods can be found in our store than In
! any retail shoestore In tht^ city. We nave ju»t !
! received our s:ock. Kverythtug Is new. nobby and j
stylish, and at such low prices. So take advantage '
and buy befor: the assortment Is broken. Ladies' j
Fur-Trim meet Faustn, warm lined and In different '
color*, sol.-l cheaper than ever. . .
Indies' Felt Fur-Trimmed Fausls, flannel
lined ;.....:.............:.......;....... 81. 25 !
Indies' Quilted Fur-Trimmed Fausts, j
"- flannel lined .........81.50 ;
Indies' Kfd Felt Fur-Trimmed Fausts. •
'■■■- flannel : 81. 75 ;
ladies' Fur-Trim mi»dVlci Kid Fausts,
patent lea- her tip«, flannel lined ....51. 75
: Men's Felt Faaata, flannel lined ..0i1. 50 ,
I Don't, waste your tune working I whet Hipper* \
when you can bur them In -pink, red. b.ue or .
j black, with fleec. -lined soles, for SI a pair. Your !
i material would cost you more money.
:. Compare our prices of .wen.* i moioidered Slip- i
I pei s with the prices -of; cur competitors We are I
! much cheaper and give a better artlcl p. ■ - • • •
! Men's Embroidered Velvet Slippers, .
patent-leather trimmed ' 750 '
'■ Men's : Hand-!- mbroidered Velvet Slip- ' ■ ■■■—■
\ ■ . pers, paten -leather ttlmme I 81.00 ,
■ Sign's Chenille Worked Kmbroldered
Velvet clippers, patent-leath?rtrimmed.Bl.)Js j
Men's Leather Slippers at prices to suit the times: !
- - Men's Knsse: or Wine-Colored Grain Alii- .
i ;.■■ gator Clippers, paieni-lca'.rier trimmed. Sl. 2s :
• Mt-n'-j Vici Kid -lippfrs. in black, brown
or wine-color, chamois 1ined....... ......85.50
The above Leather or hibrolde.-ed clippers in '
. either up^ra or veroit Cuts.
t(g- Country orders solicitei. ■
JO" Send for >e«r ii.us el Catalog
;',- • Address -,/»-' .
B. KATCHINSKI. '
PHILADELPHIA SHOE ; CO..
i 1O Third Street. San li'ritnol«t?i.I i 'ritnol«t?i.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The t GRILL !
FTHE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL |
Direct Entrance from Market St. j
WKJT VMU UIUMUUT. /
I
QEORQE H. FULLER DESK CO.
j^^C^fJr^f^ Is the Place to Buy
jjISl DESKS, CHAIRS
\ ?^r»«|Kta>T«°- *tSH&^' And All Kicds of
fl§3^ OFFICE FURNITURE
ff"" i&Bfigli_JfflSr 638-040 Mission St.
. THE
WEEKLY
C^LL
c£ It Publishes the Cream of tht
al News of the Week and
°l MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<=* ORIGINAL FEATURES.
'o ■ .... '- '
°N IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
01 PAPER ON THE
(J PACIFIC COAST
: & ' ■- Always Republican, Always
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
q) Fair and Impartial in Its
q) Rendering of the Po-
litical News.
<J It's the Paper to Send East if
ocf You Want to Advertise
©) California.
\ . /
°\ The Best \ Mining
O< Telegraphic \/ News That
©I Service on /\ Is Accurate
c^ The Coast / \& up to data
°{ . . Not a Line of it Sensational .
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of •
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
Pi 4 PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
J B'lffht, Clean. A Champ' on of
CX Thoughtful.. Truth.
©) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ; ALL THE TIME.
PS IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
O< HOME MAIL, 51.30
INDUSTRIES v A YEAR.
oj THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
COSMOPOIjIT AIV,
Opposite U. 8.; Mint, 103 and 102 Fifth St., H\\
Francisco, Cal.— l'bo most delect lamllr hotel li
the city. . Board and room ? I, *1 S3 and 81 50 p>r
day, according -to room. Meals 25& . r Rooms 50 j
and 76c a day. ■' free coach to and from the ■ ao.ai.
liOOlc lor in.- coach j bearing the nama of. tna Coo*
Muuoiiiau Uoi-oi. Wat. fALUii, froiWivMl.
56
FRIDAY..'. ...... DECEMBER 11, 1896
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. \
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postagre Free:
Pally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally end Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
V _lv Call, one year, by mall ...... ...... 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
an Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone 1:.^....:.. Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
r?7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
I :f 0 o'clock.
£19 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
71 S Lsrkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\\ .corner Sixteenth and .Mission streeu: open
i Mil 9 o'clock.
IMb iiiEßlon street: open until 9 o'clock.
Ib 7 £.uuii street; open until 9 o'clock
v mantel street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
i US Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
F.ooms PI and 82, 34 Park Row, New Torlc City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ,. Eastern Manager.
1HI: CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The horse show still claims you.
Look for yonr friends and you will find
them at the Paviiion.
What will it profit Willie Hearnt to
throw down his referee to save his Long
Green?
Since there is so much talk about Cuba,
somebody should put in a good word for
the Philippines.
There is a prospect that the Sultan may
fi:.d out this Christmas that Christianity
means something.
McKinley says nothing of his Cabinet
making, but he is sawing wood for the job
with great diligence.
The Pavilion has given the horse a pood
show, but improved street-paving would
give him a better one.
It is sa:d that Cleveland will leave office
a millionaire, and perhaps that is the
reason the deficit doesn't trouble him.
The Examiner can hardly hope to win in
the fight against public indignation by
fixing the referee. Tnat game is played
cut.
Decadent journalism is dying of its own
corruption; but it should not be allowed
to lie around the homes of decent people
while doing it.
Long Green Lawrence speaks of people
who go to Sar Tose with all the bitterness
of a fellow uo regards San Queiitin as
more congenial.
The Cuban resolutions in the Senate
may possibly mean war, but the chances
are they are intended more to scare Spain
than to hurt her.
Just enough is foreseen of the probable
action of this session of Congress to make
it certain that an extra session will be
necessary eariy in the spring.
Having compelled a woman on its staff
to report a prize-fiiht, the Examiner now
denounces other women for going to such
exhibitions. How :s that ior decency?
In the prevalent talk abont the "great
fonl" a few people mean Fitzsimmons'
blow, many people mean Earp's decision,
but the vast majority mean the Examiner.
About the only real satisfaction the
country has received from Cleveland's
long-irawn-out address to Congress is the
fact that it is the last one he is likely to
send in.
It is asserted that three new magazines
are to be started in New YorK w'.th the
beginning of the year; so it seems that
either literature or advertising must be
looking up.
If Europe really seta to work to stop the
outrages in Armenia we ought to stop
those in Cuba and make a clean victory
in both hemispheres for humanity and
civilization.
Unless something unforeseen happens
the Secretary of the Treasury will be a
bicger man than the Secretary of State m
this country for the next four years.
Money is the issue now.
As Bryan has arranged to make two
speeches on Jackson's day conservative
Democrats may as well prepare to take
Wattcr-on's advice and make it an occa
sion for lasting and prayer.
Senator Peffer claims to have delivered
437 speeches during his term in the Senate,
and there are exactly that many reasons
why he should now be turned down and
borne one else allowed to talk.
If the French scientist who is reported
to have asserted that laughing is a dis
ease had really believed it he would never
have said it, for his words have a tendency
to cause it in every household.
Ihe reported agreement cf France, Rus
sia and England to settle the Turkish
question is the more credible because it
nas been less than a month since the states
men of all three powers declared they
were opposed to alliances and intended
to maintain an independent isolation.
There will be a great demand for ap
propriations for public improvements on
the next Congress. Every section of the
Union has some large plan under way,
and it will behoove the Pacific Coast dele
gates to work together if they expect to
uphold our interests when the struggle
for precedence comes.
According to the report of the New York
Superintendent of Buildings there are in
that city over 3000 structures absolutely
unsafe, and some of them are among the
largest buildings in the city. It appears,
therefore, that in all her many strictures
on the flimsy architecture of Chicago,
New York spoke as an expert having large
experience.
Long Green Lawrence has been unfortu
nate of late in doin ■ the lying for Willie
Hearst. His declaration that the airship
story is a lake came out in the Examiner
on the same morning that The Call re
produced from Hearst's New York Journal
a picture of the ship and the statement
that it was true. Yesterday Long Green
asserted The Call to be losing ground, and
behold on that very morning The Call
bad more space, more news and more ad
vertising than the Examiner. There would
be money in It for Hearst, to kick Long
Green out and hire Tom Sharkey as man
aging liar.
THE INDECENCIES OF THE " EXAMINER."
Although "Satan rebuking sin" has long been the mocking proverb of man
kind, he occasionally does so even in these days. It was done yesterday in
the editorial columns of the Examiner with a degree of effrontery which coald not
have been surpassed by the father of lies himself. Frightened by the growth of
public sentiment against the indecencies and vileness which have been perpetrated
in the Examiner, its manager, "Long Green" Lawrence, souerht to hide its mis
deeds by posing as the champion of morality and decency. Naturally enough he
set about rebuking his own offenses.
Th 9 incident which furnished the occasion for this extraordinary posing was
the appearance of a number of women at the contest between Fitzsimmons and
Sharkey. The Examiner declared : "To us the spectacle appears to have been not
only improper but indecent. It was the one thing needed to complete the dis
repute of the ring. It is an experiment whose repetition should never be per
mitted in San Francisco. There is no place for either good women or bad ones at
a prize-fight."
The hypocrisy of this denunciation will be apparent when it is remembered
that the Examiner deliberately enticed womeu to attend the match and wit
ness the contest. It detailed a woman to report a prize-fight, and under the
direction of the management of the paper she wrote it up in a way to induce
other women to believe that they might without disgrace attend similar
exhibitions. It was doubtless by this report that the women who attended the
Fitzsimmons and Sharkey match were induced to do so. They were unaware
of the character of the Examiner and its editor. They did not foresee that
after having sent a woman to report a prize-fight it would be vile enough to then
denounce and insuit them by declaring that such exhibitions were improper,
not only for good women, but even for bad ones.
To send a woman to report such an exhibition was thought at the time to be a
low depth of journalistic depravity. It was not believed that a newspaper
could go much further in degrading its staff or polluting the public. It was felt
everywhere to be an offense to womanhood, a wrong to those women who are en
gaged in the profession of journalism and a deliberate attempt to lower the stand
ard of morality and decency among the people who read that paper. No one
dreamed that a lower depth of depravity was yet to be reached. "Long Gieen"
Lawrence, therefore, may justly boast to his employer that he has eclipsed all
heretofore done by decadent journalism in his latest sensation of denouncing his
own foulness and asserting his own enterprise to have been not only improper
but indecent
The public indignation aroused in New York by Mr. Hearst's journal has not
been a surprise to the people of San Francisco. It is not regarded here as strange
that the leading newspapers of that city, with the great weeklies and not a few
magazines, have united with the pulpit in denouncing the foul and pernicious
emanation from Mr. Hearst's press. We have had in the Examiner of this City
proofs enough of the depravity of which Mr. Hearst and those to whom he
intrusts the management of his paper are capable. In this last instance, how
ever, we have had more than we dreamed of. Satan rebuking sin is after all a
dignified figure when compared with Willie Hearst and "Long Gre^n" Law
rence sending a woman dependent upon her position for her livelihood to
report a prize-fight, compelling her to make a report which would entice other
women to attend such exhibitions, and then denouncing them for indecency
because they were misled into doing so.
Men who are capable of this decree of vileness and degradation are capable of
still lower degrees when it comes to their final fight for a living. They have now
appealed from sensation mongers to virtue for support, and there is no telling in
what direction they will turn next. This decadent journal, which has pandered
to depravity in every form and elevated men to hien positions on its staff for ex
tortion and blackmail, has not yet reached the full limit of its reckless and vicious
course. Before it perishes of its own corruption it may yet be suppressed as a
public nuisance and its managers sent to prison, as was one of its Chicago rivals
last year.
A SAMPLE LIE.
The Examiner of yesterday, under the
management of Long Green Lawrence,
who in the absence of the boss faker
Hearst acts as managing liar for his dis
reputable paper in this City, asserted that
The Call is not a business success, and
went on to elaborate the lie by the state
ment that it has been reduced in size and
its news reports curtailed. The falseness
of these assertions was made evident by ;
the appearance of The Call tbe same day
surpassing the Examiner in every respect.
Consider the contrast. The Call of
yesterday contained sixteen pages as did
the Examiner, but the pages of The Call,
by reason of their JargT size and tbe
greater compactness of its new?, was equal j
to eighteen pages of the Examiner. It !
was, therefore, the larger as well as the j
better pnper. The amount of business
done by The Call was shown by the fact
that it contained thirty-six columns of ad
vertising, while the Examiner contained
but twenty-six. The Call, moreover,
was well tilled with good, live news, while
the Examiner, as usual, was stuffed with
trash, spread out thinly so as to make a
flashy showing. Thus, on every point, the
; Examiner was proved to be a liar by the
acti made evident in the appearance of
the two papers.
This is not the first time that Long
Green Lawrence has shown himseif un- !
j fortunate in the occasion of his lying, j
Only a few days ago he announced in the j
Examiner that the airship story was a
faKe; that the citizens who claimed to
! have seen the strango lights were either
drunk or imbeciles incapable of distin
guishing the difference between an electric
light and the lantern of a toy balloon. On
the very morning when the Examiner pub
lishe.i this assertion The Call reproduced
from the New York Journal a picture of
the airship and extracts from a dispatch
sent to the Journal from this City stating
the story to be true, and declaring that
the men who saw the lights were reputable
and reliable citizens. Thus was it made
evident that Long Green Lawrence had
swindle I his employer, Mr. Hearst, by
tending to his Journal a faked story from
the Examiner and then denouncing him in
the Examiner for publishing it.
The-e two self-exposed lies, so quickly
following one another, show to what des
perate straits Long Green Lawrence has
been reduced in his efforts to please his
employer in New York, and at the same
time withstand the growing indignation
in ban Francisco against the foul tactics
of the decadent journalism which the
two worthier are engaged in exploiting.
That The Call is not decaying is made
evident by every feature in it, from news
to advertisements. That the Examiner is
decadent is made evident by every feature
i n it from the foul slush of its news to the
fu tile lying of its editorials.
THE PENDING BILL.
According to all reports from Washing
ton we have reached the crisis in the right
aeiunst the scheme for funding the Pacific
railroads debt and confirming the cinch of
the Southern Pacific monopoly upon Cali
fornia for fifty years to come. It is cer
tain an effort will be made to rush the
in quitous bill through this session of Con
gress, and it will require most strenuous
efforts on our part to defeat it.
From the toneol Cleveland's message to
Congress it appears he will approve the
funding bill if it should be passed. He
warns Congress that the Government can
not delay action alter the Ist of January
unless Congress provides some measure of
settling the indebtedness of the road.
This on its face is a recommendation for
the speedy adoption of a funding bill of
some kind. We are there:ore deprived of
any Reliance upon the President to defeat
the measure. If we are to save California
from the monopoly it must be done by
our own exertions.
It is to be regretted that at this crisis
one of the Senators from this State, Mr.
White, is not in Washington fighting the
battle of the people, .for reasons which
appear sufficient to himself he has pre
ferred to remain at home and leave the
contest to others. This defection instead
of discouraging the California delegation
in Congress should nprve them to new
efforts. The triumph for them will be al!
the greater if they achieve success without
tbe aid of their Democratic colleague.
If the plans of the advocates of the bill
are carried through the measure will be
brought up early in January, and but a
limited time will be allowed in the House
for discussing it. That means of course
that the battle for and against it must be
conducted between now and the holidays.
If before January we have not organized
a resolute opposition to the measure, the
chances are it will pass the House with a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
rush and then the monopolists and their
friends will have a long time in which to
carry it through the Senate. This will
give them advantage over a resort to dila
tory tactic-, and the chances of its final
success will be in their favor.
It should not be necessary to advance
further argument to the people of Califor
nia. They have had the subject under
consideration for several years. They are
familiar with every phase of the question
on both sides. They know exactly what
the success of the bill would mean to all
the industries of the State. They are
aware that such a surrender on the part
of the Government to a powerful corpora
tion would produce widespread dissatis
faction throughout the Union and that
the evil effects of it would be felt for years
to come. They should therefore be earn
est, vigorous and aggressive in making the
fight acuinst the bill at this time. Delay
in the expression of public opinion will be
disastrous. Let the people speak out.
CUREENCY PROBLEMS.
The Republican Senatorial caucus has
unanimously adopted a resolution of Sen
ator Wolcott calling for the appointment
of a committee of five Senators to devise
legislation for securing an early call on
the part of our Government for an inter
national monetary conference. This is
the first step in the direction oi fulfilling
the Republican pled, c for a restoration of
tht free coinage of silver by international
agreement, and the promptness with
which it has been taken is an assurance
to the people that the pledge will be car
ried out in good faith and to the letter.
The calling of such a conference by the
incoming Republican administration will
effectually put an end to tbe monetary
agitation which Mr. Bryan seems deter
mined to carry on. It will assure the
people that the contest is not between the
single gold standard and bimetallism, as
the Bryanites have asserted, but between
international bimetallism and silver
monometallism on the part of this country.
When that fact is fully understood the
appeals of the agitators will be in vain,
and the people will turn from that issue
long bei'ore the next Presidential election
takes place.
In this connection it will be noted as a
good omen that the House Committee on
Banking and Currency will make no at
tempt to secure legislation on those sub
jects this winter. They will report no
measure to this Congress, but will await
the assembling of the next, which will be
under Republican control in both houses,
and moreover, will have the co-operation
of a Republican administration. This
policy means of course tnat no attention
is to be paid to Mr. Cleveland's recommen
dation, but that the whole monetary ques
tion, including a reform in the banking
system as well as the standard of value,
will be solved in accordance with Repub
lican principles.
It is of course impossible to foresee what
will be the result of the proposed inter
national conference. With the growth of
the public sentiment in favor of bimetal
lism in England, France and Germany,
whtch has been amply manifested since
the election of McKinley, it seems fair,
however, to assume that good results may
be expected. Europe is now aware that
the people of the United Btates do not in
tend to undertake tlie experiment of free
silver coinage alone. The nations of that
continent are as much in need of a return
to bimetallism as we are, and they must
bear their share of the work.
Taken altogether, the outlook for a sat
isfactory solution of all our currency
problems is encouraging. The manage
ment of them is at last in safe hands. We
are rid of the Dungiing Democratic Con
press and will soon be rid of a dogmatic
Democratic President. The right men are
in charge of the work of legislation and
the right results are therefore to be ex
pected.
The House Committee on Banking and
Currency has invited communications on
the subject of finance, and no doubt the
janitor has been notified to increase the
number of wasiebaskets in the committee
loom.
Tne Canadians are making preparations
for celebrating, on the 17th of this month,
the anniversary of the birth of Judge
Haliburton, the author of "Sam Slick,"
and they will have plenty of New England
sympathy in doing it. Although drawn
by an alien Sam Slick is one of the types
of character which we are pleased to rec
ognize as American.
The Senatorial contest in Kentucky is
peculiar. The Republicans have the
Leg. slature on a joint ballot, but by a very
narrow and insecure majority. They are
vided between gold men, who support
Bradley, and silver men, who support
Hunter, while the Democrats are also
divided between the supporters of Carlisle
and those of Blackburn. It is impossible
to predict which will win. but the chancos
are that the State will go without a Sen
ator for a lon« time to come.
PERSONAL
Dr. C. L. McCracken of Pescadero in in the
City.
J. A. Webster of Vacaville is here on a busi
ness trip.
James Dempster, a business man of Glasgow,
is in town.
J. M. Lathrop, a business man of Newman, is
at the Lick.
C. B. Lewis of the City of Mexico arrived
here yesterday.
C. T. Bliss, the capitalist, of Carson, Nev.. is
a late arrival here.
A. C. Smith of Fresno arrived here yesterday,
and Is at the Palace.
James Hadden, a lumberman of Millwood, is
a recent arrival here.
J. E. Earnest, a wealthy merchant of New
York, is nt the Palace.
Miguel Lake of Magdalena, Lower California
is a recent arrival here.
M. Erabree, a cattleman of Dayton, Wash.,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
W. F. Jack, cashier of the Bank of Paso
Robles, is here on a brief visit.
Dr. Henry Gordon McGiil has returned from
the East, after an absence of six months.
I. W. Fraser, a storekeeper of Dinuba, accom
panied by his wife, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Ex-Congressman Louttit of Stockton came
down to the City last night and is at the Lick.
C. B. Powers and J. S. Goodwin ot You Bet
are on a visit here from that picturesque camp.
John McCarthy, a wealthy ranch-owner of
Washington, Nevada County, is at the Cosmo
politan.
Attorney Henry Eickoff of San Rafael is at
the Lick.
J. F. Chiles, a wealthy rancher ot Davisville,
is in town.
George E. Goodman, a banker of Napa, ar
rived here last night.
J. W. Kline, a piano manufacturer of Phila
delphia, Is at the Palace.
Among the arrivals at the Cosmopolitan is
James Campbell, a large real estate owner of
Woodside.
P. Crossen has returned from Juneau, Alaska,
after an absence of a year, and is at the Cos
mopolitan.
Sheriff George S. McKenzie of Napa County
came down to the City yesterday. He is at
the Grand.
\V. M. Wallace, the noted horse-breeder of
Lexing'.on, Ky., arrived here last night and is
at the Palace.
S. Apar of London is at the Palace, accom
panied by Mrs. Apar. They arrived on the
China yesterday.
W. W. Booh'T, editor and owner of the Inde
pendent, oi Elko, NtfV., is among the arrivals
at the California.
Ernesto Theodore, a coffee-grower, business
man and mining-claim owner of Quezalte
naugo, is in the City.
E. S. BaUcock, proprietor of the Hotel del
i Coronado, a' Coronado Beach, in visiting the
! Buy City, and is at the Palace.
H. Sh urges and S. Yaruba of Japan were
among the arrivals on tiie steamer China yes
| terday. and arc at the Occidental.
E. A. Fitzgerald, who owns large mining in
terests at Jamestown, is in town, closing a
large mining deal. He is at the Cosmopolitan.
P. A. Buell, the manuiactnrer, of Stockton,
who is interested in a railway irom Stockton
to Jacksou, in Amador County, is at the
Grand.
S. Ishida and J. Robori, wealthy business
meu of Yokohama, who have for some time
been dealing in tea and other products, are in
the City.
H. W. Child, the wealthy Montana mine
owner, whose home is at Helena, is in the
City, accompanied by Mrs. Child. They are at
the Pa ace.
John M. Vance, principal owner of the Eel
River Railmud, the Vance Hotel in Eureka,
and of large lumbering and milling interests,
is at the Uraud, accompanied by Mrs. Vance.
Senator Thomas Flint and his bride arrived
here yesterday from Woodstock. Vt, the for
mer home of the bride, and ere at the Grand.
After seeing this Ciiy they will go to San Juan.
W. W. Parker and wife and C. EL Edwards
and wife of Alta, lowa, arrived on the over
land yesterday, and will remain on the Pacific
Coast during the winter. They are at the Cos
mopolitan.
Samuel G. Wilder, thewealthy steamshipand
railway owner of Hawaii, was among the ar
rivals from the East yesterday, where he has
been for some months. Mrs. Wilder accompa
nies him. They are at the Occidental.
J. C. Bull of Arcata, one of the contractors
who lirs been at work for some years on the
Government breakwater at the entrance to the
harbor of Eureka, is on a visit here. He is one
of the best known residents of Humboldt Bay.
Colonel H. C. Shaw, the newspaper man, of
Stockton, who stumped California for McKin
ley in the last campaign, making the canvass
in remote mountain districts by wagon, is at
the Lick. Colonel Shaw is an applicant for a
promiuent appointive p ace In the next Legis
lature. He has been engaged for many years
in ( alifornia journalism, and was formerly au
attache of the New York Sun.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V.. Dec. 10.— At the Plaza,
Mrs. J. Gray; Amsterdam, F. H.Ames; Hol
land, C. F. ana R. B. Huffman.
PHOTO GRAPHING THE EYE.
Amer can Journal of Photography.
At a meeting of the Paris Academy of Medi
cine M. Guinkoff stated that he had success
ful,y photographed the interior of the eye.
The advantages of this method are important,
since H enables actual pictures of the disease
of the retina to be secured and compared from
time to time to determine whether disease
processes of the eye progress or not.
The picture is miide in two seconds. The
apparatus can thus serve as an ophthalmo
scope, and any number of persons enn thus
observe the results.
THE NEW MAN MUST HUSTLE.
Baltimore American.
The colleges for women are said to be be
sieged with applicants for the higher educa
tion, with the number constantly increasing.
This suggests two facts— the possibilities of
tne race lor intelleciual development when
the women are »o eager for knowledge, and
the absolute necessity for the new man to dv
up and doing to keep pace with the feminine
procession.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Teacher— How old are you, Willie?
Willie— l'm five at home, six at school and
four in the cars.— Washington Times.
He— l mean to give you an elegant engage
ment ring, and we'll call it your Christmas
present.
She— l'm not to be outdone in generosity.
I'll give it right back again.— Detroit Free
Press.
Teacher (severely)— Tommy Smith, rcome
here. Why haven't you learnd your geography
lesson?
Tommy— 'Cause the papers say there's going
to be a change in the map of Europe.-Chicago
Dispatch.
"This prosperity yawp in all the newspapers
is making all kinds of trouble for me."
"How so?"
"Well, Id like to know what kind of a song
and dance I can give my landlady this
month."— Detroit News.
Mrs. Wigbald— No, my husband hasn't done
much for twenty-five years.
Mrs. Oldbrain— Has he been an invalid all
thai time?
Mrs. Wigbald— No, he's been a Government
employe.— Pearson's Weekly.
"I've quit selling bicycleson the Installment
plan," said the dealer to an applicant.
"Why's that?"
"Our machine is of such a superior quality
that we are never ablo to catch the fellows that
owe us."— Detroit Free Press
AIMS TO MAKE IT A GILDED VICE
What Mr, Hearst Is Attempting to Accomplish
in Sensational Journalism.
An Eastern Magazine Thinks That His Name May Possibly
Be Changed From Hearst to "N0. 743."
[From the Nickell Magazine.]
When William Waldorf Astor moved over to London and went into the news
paper business he was harshly criticized by many Americans, who regarded his
course as but little less heinous than that which brought the late Benedict Arnold
into prominence. We think these critics ought to be thankful instead that Mr.
Astor took the fever in a way that does ?o little real harm to this country. Sup
pose that instead of deciding to help London alone with his Pall Mall Gazette he
had concluded to establish an up-to-date paper in New York. You can't tell what
these men with nothing but money may do; and think what a spicy, sensational,
live, fin-de-siecls journal those Astor millions might. Lave produced! We are
moved to these reflections by the example of Mr. William R. Hearst of San Fran
cisco and New York. Mr. Hearst is very rich, as are all Caiiiornians, we believe.
He is spending the millions his father amassed and he has unique ideas about
dissipation. The perils that beset the path of the rich man's son have long been a
theme favored of the moralist— wine, women, the gaming.table and the racetrack,
ail thesv have been properly hung with the red light of danger so that the son of
money miuht see the true character of that which was meant to lure him to ruin.
But to this ancient catalogue of vices must be added another of awful potency for
evil to the victim. In a way it is more to be dreaded than any of the oiher vices,
for by the others a man may ruin himself alone and quietly. la tne case of the
new vice his indulgence must include the debauching of many thousands besides
himself.
Young Mr. Hearst is a pioneer in the movement to make sensational journal
ism a gilded vice. Mr. Joseph Pulitzer publishes the nastiest paper he knows
how in order to "maig der monish." But .Mr. Hearst has no such excuse. He is
credited with spending nis lather's money royally in his efforts to out-Pulitzer
Pulitzer. Experts say that his San Francisco paper, the Examiner, is almost as
nasty as the New York World. Thus, the ruurder of a degraded woman there,
some weeks ago, incited the Examiner to print the street numbers and detailed
descriptions of the lowest haunts of evil in the City. But in New York Mr. Hearst
has not yet brought his paper up to what he would doubtless call the high pitch
of foulness that the World easily maintains. But he is bending all his energies to
the task, and is prodigal with his dollars where printabie filth is tv be had. So
there is good reason to believe that he may eventually earn the distinction he
seems to crave, that of printing the nastiest paper in the world — umess he is
shunted off to a rock-walled building in a busy little town up the Hudson, where
he will change his name from Hearst to **3fo. 743," or something like that.
There was an editor in Chicago not long ago who thought he was a right smart
man in the way of all newspaper uncleanliness. His name was Joseph R. Dunlop,
and his paper was the Daily Dispatch. He nas been fined $12000 and sentenced to
two years in the penitentiary for sending obscene matter through the mails. We
imagine that when he has served bis time he will take to printing tax lists or
city directories, or something equally blameless. His attorney protested that it
was an outrage to single out one publisher, when the other publishers of the city
were equally guilty. The plea did not suffice, and we adv-se Mr. Hearst and Mr.
Pulitzer and the other editors in the Uniied States who are striving so earnestly
for pre-eminence in obscenity to note the fact. "Theso newspapers were indecent
and obscene," said the Judge; "they were ifot simply insufferable to good taste
and good morals, they were clearly and vilely criminal." Before him the once ar
rogant sensational editor was a trembling, abject, weeping wretch. Take notice,
all Hearsts and Pulitzers!
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The German Emperor is fond of light and
bright colors, and has a particular dislike to
seeing the Empress iv black.
The Saturday Review of London speaks of
"Dick Olney sitting at ease somewhere be
iween Washington and Monroe."
The Hungarian caricaturist Janko, who died
a few weeks ago, made more than 80.000 draw
ings in the sixty-three years of his life.
Queen Victoria is to have a large kitchen
garden laid out at Osborne, and conserva
tories and iorciug-houses are to be built.
William R. Nelson, proprietor of the Kansas
City Star, who has been spending two years
in Paris, has just presented to Kansas City a
Urge collection ol works of art
Captain John Marriott of the Norfolk Regi
ment of England, who was captured by
brigands a few days ago wnile out shooting
near Smyrna, has been released. The brigands
demanded £10,000 ransom for his surrender,
but it is not stated wnether the money was
paid or not.
AGerman recently asked Judge Craig Bid
die of Philadelphia to excuse him from serv
ing on the jury. "Why?" asked the Judge.
"Well, your Honor, I don't understand good
English." "Oh, you will do," replied the
Judge. "You won't hear much good English
here anyhow." Amid a general laugh the
juryman sat down.
James R. Young, who has been elected to
Congress in Philadelphia, was given a dinner
by his associates In newspaper work in
that city. One hundred and fifty men con
nected with journalism sat at the dinner, and
each guest received a copy of the Congres
sional Record, containing a list of all his
triends who expect to apply to him for j jds.
The barroom on the northwest corner of
Third avenue and Sixteenth street, New York,
known as "Dr. Rainsford's saloon." has been
sold at auction. When two men, three years
ago, wanted a license for the place, Dr. Rains
ford, whose church mission house was within
200 feet of the saloon, agreed to make no pro
test if the owner 3 would promise to close at
midnight, to sell no liquor to women or
minors, to rent no furnished rooms and to
keep closed on Sundays. A $1000 bond was
given by the saloon men in support of this
promise. __________^_
TARIFF AS A BUSINES QUE STION.
St. Louii G ulii'-Democrat.
The favor which the proposition for a tariff
commission is gaining among Republicans
shows that the time when the tariff will be
"taken out of politics" may be much nearer
than anybody a year or two ago supposed it to
be. The necessity for framing a tariff bill
acceptable enough to the country to have a
reasonable chance to stand for a long time
with only minor changes is more obvious and
urgent now than it was a dozen or a score of
years ago, for the country has seen a good deal
of the injurious effects of frequent tariff
tinkering in recent years. The necessity will
give the proposition fora board of tariff ex
perts considerable strength with the people.
French nougat & fruit glace. 905 Larkin. •
California glacis iruits, 50c lb. Townsendi*
Best glasses 15c up. Sundays, 74o Market(Kast
shoestore); weeK days 65 4th st., next bakery.*
' .;••.■. ■.'"". .. , — ♦ — ♦ - — :'•' •'•-■. i ■':
-■•' Fpeciai, Information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery, '
'■' : " : — — — '*".♦'..*"■ ' -'-• ■
He— have trouble in killing time.
She— Why don't you r just, talk to Town
Topics. r '
ChrUtmag Presents.
"Picture Frames," "Framed Pictures." "Sta
tionery," "Gold and Fountain Pens," "Artists'
Materials," "Leather Goods," "Lamps, Clocks
and Tables," "Christmas Cards, Calendars and
Celluloid Art Novelties," "Bohemian Glass
ware and Decorated China," "Children's Books
and Games," "Tissue Paper and Paper Flow
ers," "Celluloid Albums, Toilet Cases and
Manicure Sets," "California Souvenirs and
Views of tbe City, Park and Cliff House."
Each of tb.9 abuve departments is a com
plete store In itself and not equaled by
any other store of its kind in San Francisco.
Perfect goods and correct prices. Everybody
welcome. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. Open evenings. *
Oxford University nas conferred the degree
of Doctor of Music on Rajah Sir Sourindro
Mohun Tagore of Calcutta in recognition of
his talents as a musician and of hit efforts to
promote the cultivation of music in India.
"Mm. "Winalow'B Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flf.y years by nil! lions of
mothers for their children whl:e Teething with per
fect success, it Eooihes tbe child, softens; he go ins,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates he Bow^li
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing irom tee. h Ing or other causes, i- or Bale by drug
gists in every part of the world. B • sura and ask
lor Mr?. Wiuslow's soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
"Cubed my cough like magic" Is the frequent
expression of those who testify to the merits of
Ayer 1 * Cherry Pectoral.
LITTLE GIRLS DRESS WITH
GREECHEN WAIST.
A graceiul little gown for girls of one to six
years is shown here. It has a short waist of
the Gretchen type and may be trimmed with
flat bands on the shoulders or with epau
lettes, and may further be varied by being
made low in the neck for evening wear or to
be worn with guimpes.
A dainty evening frock was of white taffetas
with a thin stripe. Narrow thin ribbon
joined by white beading trimmed the waist,
being turned at the corners to simulate a yoke.
The sleeves were finished with a ruffle of the
silk.
The other gown shown was of white lawn,
tucked material being used tor the body of
the waist. It had bands of embroidery on
tbe fitted lawn sleeves, collar and on the
shoulders.
A dress of old blue novelty wool with a white
figure had white lace bauds on shoulder,
sleeve and collar.
A dress ol mixed woolen goods of a greenish
tone had flat bands of green silk with lawn
laid over them.
A DOUB DING MEMBER.
Be dog, be rule de 'possum tree,
He snake he feed on fro;; '
De 'possum, lie "hip out de coon— •
De coon tear up de dog!
Oh. believers, -
What you xwtne ter say?
Howyergwlne tec rekondle
Date things on Judgment day
De big fish swaller up de small —
Dcs ea: em head en tall:
De wnale come long en Kibble all— ''■'■■ *
De man, he kill de whale 1
Oh, believers, " .
What you gwine ter say T
How you gwine tpr rekonclle
Dese things on Judgment day?
re preacher preach en pass de cup,
En seek de hea hen do';
De heat. .en eat de preacher up,
, En he duan preach no mo' ! .
Oh, believers,
■ "What you gwlne ter say?
Ho* you gwlne ter rekoncile
. Bese things on Judgment day?
—Atlanta Constitution.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Divided Vote— A. \V., San Diego, Cal. An
American citizen who is entitled to vote has a
right to vote for whomever he pleases, and in
the case of Presidential electors in the State
of California at tne la^t held election he could
have voted for Presidential electors of every
party provided he did not vote for more thau
nine in the aggregate, and his vote would be
perfectly legal. A voter can divide his vote in
any State for Presidential electors, but he
mus,t not in the acgregate vote for a greater
number than the State is entitled to.
Boxer's Rf.cords— "D. D. C." and "An Old
Subscriber." This department has not the
time to hunt ud the records for correspondents
who conceal their identity behind "An Old
Subscriber" and "D. C. C." In this Instance
both communications are in the same hand
writing. Correspondents who expect answers
should comply with the rules that require
correct name and address. Neither is ever
used in giving answers, but are desired as an
evidence of good lailh on the part of the
writer.
Manchester Riot— J. c. b., City. "The Man
Chester Horror" is the somewhat extravagant
phrase that has been used to express the In
juries that were received by the crowd at St.
Peter's Field, in Manchester August 16, 1819.
Thii field, which is in front of St. Peter's
Church, is also known as "Peterloo." Shortly be.
fore tne date mentioned there was considerable
agitation in Manchester on account of certain
proposed Parliamentary reiorms and a man
known as "Orator Hum" announced that he
would address a meeting of the people on the
field. The magistrate forbid the meeting, still
80,000 met there. Hardly bad Hunt com
menced tv speak when 400 special constables
and the Cheshire and Manchester Yeomanry
appeared and charged on the crowd. The sol
diers used the flnt of their sabers and the con
■tabiea their maces, with the result that about
100 ersoiiH were iiijtir d. either by being
knocked down in their tllorts to escape or by
being ace dentally cut. It wns said that six
died of injuries received. Nine persons were
arrested, and Hunt, the leader, was sent t>
prison for three years for treasonable conspirm
acy. The field was called Peterloo, iroin the"!
words of Hunt, who said the magistrates de- 1
sireri nothing so much ss an opportunity of '
letting louse the bloody butchers of Waterloo
upon the assembled people.
Cliff Dwellers— •WiUUvood," Cal. Cliff
dwellers In American archaeology are the race
which built and inhabited certain remarkable
structures discovered in Southwest Colorado
and the neighboring portions of the adjoining
Territories. These structures are situated in
the valleys or canyons of the Mancos, McElmo
and San Juan rivers, and were first di-covercd
by a smail party ot explorers connected with
the United States geological and geographical
survey, nndr command of \V. H. Jackson.
Tri<> cliffs along these rivers are of sandstone,
having almost perpendicular walls marked by
narrow I orlzonul c.rf ts aiut ledge* at various
elevations. Upon these ledges in almost inac
cessible sitUHt.ons often at a height of several
hundred feet iibove the base of the c iff small
stone houses of superior workmanship were
found, which had evidently bten the homes
and refuges 01 a someu lint advanced race long
vanished from the n-Kion. Subsequent explora
tions have brought to view a lar^u number of
these nest-like dwellings, together with wntch
towers and ruins of other structures. It is
supposed that the cliff dwellers were 'he an
cestors of the t-.eseni Moquia tribe of Indians
in the northwest corner of Arizona, on the
Little Colorado and San Jiii:n rivers, discovered
in 1540 by European explorers.
BAGPIPES IN THE FRENCH ARMY.
Admitting imitation to be the sincerest kind
of flattery, says the London Graphic, our
Highland resiments should feel, perhaps,
greatly complimented by the attempt which
is just now being made to Introduce the Scot
tish national instrument into a French in
fantry battalion. The enterprising French
man who has inaugurated this remarkable
departure in the military music of our neljh
bors is Commandant Dumas of the Nineteenth
A Gallic Pibroch.
Chasseurs-a-pied, who, through an agent in
London, procured a chanter and a bagpipe
"tutor" from & well-known bagpipe-maKer In
Edinburgh. His bandsmen having made
satisiectory progress in their novel study, he
has now procured a. set of pipes from the
same source, with a view, a-* he says, of
eventual. y establishing a complete pipe band.
Nor do his Scottish aspirations stop even h re,
as he nas also made inquiries as to be price of
"good claymores." Tne accompanying sketch
is an attempt to portray tlie French "piou
piou" of the immediute luture, arrayed in all
tbe glory of his new and unwonted militHry
equipment. However, as the Highland <ln--!
is not unfrequentiy described a* 'he "garb of
old Gaul." perhaps it is not vi fitting tha: the
modern Gaul should, if he pleases, rig himself
out in Highland paraphernalia, though ho
can riever hope 10 buy, L»eg, borrow or' -te«l
the thorough piper's "swnsreer." The Ghl.>
cock can crow and '■trut in his own way, an 1
will possibly, in time, evo.ve a home-growu
variety.
SEW TO-DAY. y
Wise and prudent
housekeepers will not
be persuaded into pur-
chasing the low-grade,
unreliable baking pow-
ders which some deal-'
ers wish to sell for the
sake of the additional
profit derived there-
from. Crudely mixed
from low-grade, im-
pure ingredients, such
powders cost to make
but a fractional part of
the cost of the highly v
refined, absolutely pure \
Royal Baking Powder,
although frequently re-
tailed at the same price.
They contain lime and
alum and are unwhole-
some and lacking in
leavening strength.
Royal Baking Powder
gives the greatest value
for its cost, and there
is no other powder or
preparation that will
give such satisfaction,
or make such pure,
wholesome and deli- /
cious food, or which in
practical use will be
found so economical.
80YAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW-YOWt©foe $Ml
FRIDAY DECEMBER 11, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
j I l A ,V r ' w ' IN * THEATKa -"iloliere" and "Captain
Coluubia Thkatxs— -The Cotton Kin?.
_ * orobco's OFEBA-HoubK - The x Promised
Land."
Alcazar Theater -"Alabama
livoii Opkka Horsic The Brigands."'
CBPHEUM-High-C ass Vaudeville.
California Theater.— "Rival Queens," Sat-
urday afternoon.
''*+ I HITTKS ANT. PRATING Rink.— Dall/ at
Height street, one block east of the Park.
Sctbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
Pacific Coast Jo. kky cm™.— Ka. «to-dar.
Mechanics* Pavilion- Ansoa Horse Show.
, Hopkins' INSTITCTE-Winter exhibition.
ALUIO,< : A.- S.
T\ Chas. Ucvy & Co.— This day, December 11,
rnrnlturo at Eaiesrooui, 11S6 aiarkei sueei, at 10
c clock.
By Madigax <t Co-— This dar, December 11,
w BKons, etc., ut 1122 Mission street.
Ey Indiana A rcnoN Co.— ThU day. December
11, Millinery, at 1211 Stockton st., at '2 o clock.
Ett F. S. Spkar 4 Co. -'I his day. December 11.
Flass. Banners, etc., at 31-33 butter street, at 11
o'clock. '
1 v F.A6TON A ErnßinoE.— Monday, December
14. Oriental Rugs, at <-oldeu Gate i.all, 625 Sutter
street, at '2:30 and 7 :30 P. M.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Health Officer Lovelace says that diphtheria
1b epidemic in this City.
Palmer Cox, author and artist, the creater of
the ''Brownies," is in the City.
Wyatt tarp whs yesterday fined $50 by
Judge Low for carrying a concealed weapon.
Deputy Bherifla Thomas (iibney and Edward
Riley have beeu suspended by Sheriff Whelan.
Sig. H. Aokermun. a promisine young mer
chant, died of consumption in Oakland yester
day.
Gutta Perchs, Frank TC, Zflmar TI, Alvarado,
Salvab c and llormanlta were the winners at
Ingleside yesterday.
Generally cioudy Friday, with brisk winds,
but probubly not rnin, is Forecaster Ham
-1 Dion's prediction for to-day.
Judpe Slack has filed an order allowing the
Interest coupons to be cut from the bonds
qwned by the James G. Fair estate.
Frank L. Stocking, chareed with perjury,
■pleaded gniity in Judge Wallace's court yes
terday and will be sentenced on tne 16th iiist.
Juan Goldman, who is interested with ex-
Consul-Gei:eral Rathbone in gold properties at
Zacatecas, Mex. , is here for a two weeks' slay.
Mrs. Laura Miln James is contesting for the
property of the late Dr. Chanes A. James,
claiming that she was married to him by con
tract.
Rev. P. C. Yorke lectured last night to a
crowded house at Metropolitan Temple on
"rigs of Tnistles, or the Preachers in the
Pacinc. "
The lsst meeting of the present Republican
County Committee was held las', evening, and
tbe arfdirs of the late campaign were
rounded up.
LiLMitenant-Coionei Fred F. Follls, an officer
on the staff of Major-General James, died at
the Follis lamily residence in this City yester
day morning.
The wave of progress and improvement has
become general with the retail merchants on
streets Heretofore not generally known lo
trades peoji.e.
Rev. B. A. Ifoffett and Rev. D. L. Gifford,
missionaries of Korea, arrived here yesterday.
They suy ereat progress is being made in mis
sion work liiere.
Gans and Rochette and Ward and Anthony
Will meet in spurring contests under the
auspices of the New Occidental Club next
Monday evening.
There was a fire in the W. P. Fuller Com
pni.y's paint and oil establishment on Pine
street last evening that caused about $10,000
loss and damage.
A r«id Dy Health Department employes yes
terday morning developed the fact that milk Is
adulterated after having beeu passed by the
inspection stations.
This evening the Knights of the Fore'stwlll
hod their ninth insta.lation of officers. The
affair wi.l be held at Scottish Hall and will be
followed by a ba:;i}Uut.
The examination of Benjamin F. Hudelson
in tte libei suit brought by D. B. Woodworth
acainst him was continued before Judge Camp
bell yesterday jf.ernoon.
The consolidated gas p.nd electric companies
. Kra Cisco have been incorporated for
■ "Umjo under me name of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company.
The Hispital Committee of the Board of
Health hiis imposed light sentences on the
nurses and internes wiio were concerned in
the recent frolic at the City and County Hos
pital.
John E. Xash's two suits against Mrs. Ernes
tine Krehng will not be tried again, Judge
Hunt having decided that the juries knew
wnat they were doing when the verdicts were
rendered.
The "Rival Queens," a fairy production of
surpassing beauty, will b- given at the Cali
fornia Theater, December 12, under the direc
tion of Alameda Women's Exchange and Re
lief Society.
Marie Viola Keller continued her deposition
in the matter of the contest of Judge Hustings'
will yesterday in s. M. Stiortridge's office. The
letter! required by the order of the Court were
not produced.
Patrick O'Malley, Clementina street, who
wounded Po. iceman Greenan in a fight on
November 1, was yesterday held for assault
with a deadly weapon, and his wif j was con
victtd of battery.
A reception was tendered Dr. Adams, the
new pastor of the First Congregational
Cbnrcn, ln<: night, st which representatives
of nearly every denomination in San Francisco
delivered addresses of welcome.
The South San Francisco Gun Club will
shoot at the Five-mile House again next Sun
day. Secretary Holbrook hears tlmt the gun
ners have been advised to shoot him if he in
bists upon interiering with them.
Queen Liliuokaloni. who arrived on the
China yesterday, will visit President-elect
Mckiniey, but will probably not see President
Cleveland. Sho is mill regarded as the Queen
of the Hawakuns in matters political.
D. V. Ivanov and Peter Ku'm'ouhof of the
Russian Geological Survey, who have been ex
an.ining the mineral resources along tne
Siberian Railway, are here, en route to St.
Petersburg. They say the country is rich.
George Stierlen was fined $500 yesterday by
District Judge Morrow for sending indecent
letters through tue mail, and following the
sentence a scene that threatened to be a
tragedy was enacted outside of the courtroom.
There is another shake up in Federal circles.
Immigrtitlon Commissioner W. P. Stradley is
under investigation, his two deputies, Kline
and De Las Casas, dismissed from service, and
A. "H. Geffeney reinstated as inspector and
interpreier.
The Merchants' Association has forwarded a
reques. to Secretary of Btat" Oiney to have the
United States Consuls in the iarge European
cities secure copies of their respective muni
cipal laws for the association to aid in framing
a charter for this City. Mayor Sutro sends au
indorsement of the association.
United States District Attorney Foote yes
terday filed an information in the District
Court, in which he asks for the forfeiture to
the Government of a quantity of Turkish rugs
imported to this country by M. B. Mihran.
lie claiini that in order to defraud the Govern
ment out of its just dues in revenue Mihran
made a Mse invoice, and that the goods are
worth $500 Instead of $233 as per Invoice.
sew TO-DAT.
OffiYClE
FOR
PIMPLES
fifflcnia
V fa go because it strikes at the cause on
ih*"logt]td, Irritated, Inflamed, Sluggish, Ot
Overworked POKE. ' "
So* Vourhont the world. PoiTM Dfuo at ß Chek-
lex l/< -oration, Sole Proprietor!, Boston.
*** t *- wto Prerent ttmple»," 64 p»je§, vi i tret.
J 7 X ■■ ■ ■ - • : :
MOTHER COLLIER
NOW IN SERVICE
She Will Run Between
Here and the Beaver
Hill Mines.
The Newly Fitted Out Ver.se: Is
One of the Best of Her
Class.
Arrival of the Steamer China and
Departure of the Doric anl
Alameda-
The steam collier Czarina will have her
trial trip tnis afternoon. Since her arrival
here from Pen^acola she has been thor
oughly overhauled, ami is now as good as
new. She was purchased by John D.
Spreckels for the Beaver Hill coal trade,
but on her way i.ere the boilers gave out,
and a tutr had to be sent to San Diego to
bring the steamer here. On her arrival
she was docked at Foisom-street wharf
and has been there ever since. Wnen it
came to a question of replacing the boilers
H. C. Tabrett, marine superintendent of
the Risdon Iron Works, found that the
engines were out of place and that every
thing required a thorough overhauling.
This Mr. Spreckels at once ordered, and
the Czarina, as a result, is the most per
fectly equipped vessel of her class on the
Pacinc Coast. She will start on her maiden
trip to 'he coal mines to-morrow, and Cap
tain Drisko asserts that he is going to
make a record.
John Jurss of 605 Davis street will pay
any one $30 who will teil him the name of
the miscreant who maimed his dog. The
animal was born twenty-five years ago on
i tbe same day as his favorite son, and the
old man takes a great deal of pride in him.
Nearly all bis trade is with men employed
on the water front, and latterly he has in
curred the enmity of several of them.
j Last Monday the dog was missing, and
when next Jurss saw him again one of tne
eyes had been gouged out. Tha old man
w"as furious and had all the Harbor police
!on the case. No trace of the man who
maimsd the dog could be found, but now
that a reward of $50 is offered, Jurss is
conudent that some one will "let the cat
out of the bug."
The contemplated race between the Oc
cidental and Oriental Sieamsiiip Com
j pany's Doric and ttie Oceanic Steacibhip
I Company's Alameda is off. The Doric
loft on time, but owing to English mails
being late it was midnight before ttie Ala
meda got away. The former thus had a
twelve hours' start, but nevertheless Chief
Engineer Little of the Alameda is confi
dent that his vessel will not be far behind
ai the finisb. Among the passengers were
the Rev. Fatners McQuade and O'Stiea.
j The lormi-r has been assigned to duty in
Wellington, New Zeaiand, and the latter
| to a pastorat in New Soutn Wales.
Onions were at a discount on Clay-street
[ wharf yesterday. No one wanted them
and the owners would not own them.
The Salvation Army's commissariat ac
cepted two sicks of the consignment, but
j said potatoes were more in demand than
onions. As no one seemed to want ihe |
j goocle, and as tuey occupied valuab c j
: space on the wharf, the Chief Wharfinger
I ordered them dumped into tho bay. This
j was done at 3 p. m., and when the Stockton
steamers left two nours later their paddies
were churning onions at every revolution.
The Harbor Conimissiouers held a short
session yesterday and awarded the con
tract for the repairing of Broadway wharf
to James McMabon. All the pi.es will be
creosoted, and ihus rive years will be
added to thtir lite. President Colnon
asserts that if in the firs: instance creo
soted piles had been used in the construe
! tion of the seawall, there would have
been enougu money saved to complete all
the work now on hand. The creosoting
works at North Beach has done such good
work that now the Southern Pac.tic is
i ordering piles from it. All the work for
the Harbor Commission is done there, but
in the near future the State will build its
own works and do its own creosoting.
"Bob" Spear, the boatman, had a nar
row escape yesterday. While throwing
off the lines of tbe launch Athlete he over
balanced himself and fell into the bay.
be struck his head against a sunken pile
and would have drowned had not J. Keat
ing, chief officer of the Amy, jumped in
alter him and held him up until assistance
came, fopear was carried into Peterson's
boatbouse, and half an hour later was
rowing a party of sailors out to the Mo
j nadnock.
The American ship Francis is receiving
remarkably quick dispatcn. She was a
long time getting here lrorn the East. As
she had a Jot of merchandise aboard for
Moore, Hunt & Co. the managers of
that concern were more than anx
ious to see tier come in, as they were get
ling short of stock. Consequently the
vessel was docned in a very quick time at
i Steuart street, and the di&cuarging of the
cargo has been rushed.
Tne steamer China of the Pacific Mail
! Company's line broke another record dur
! in* the run from China to San Francisco.
From Yokohama to Honolulu only took
| up 9 days 7 hours and 55 minutes, or two
i hours better than the best on record. The
cabm passengers were:
J. W. Adams, Miss Britton, Henry
i Blum, Lieutenant R. A. Brown, U S. A.,
| and Mrs. Brown, Key. and Mrs. W. W.
Curtis, four children and servant, Mr.
and Mrs. G. W. Cotton, three childr n
land s. rvant, James Dempster, W. H.
Decker. J. Eugene Ernst. Rev. D. L. Gif
ford. M.ss M. A. Holbrook, M.D/, Mr-. O.
Hansen and two chi idren, Mra. J. H. Hor
ton, Lieutenant A. Hoffman, I. C-. N., S.
Ishiili, J. Kabori, H. A. Little, Rev. S. A.
Moffatt, Mrs. W. G. Peam, daughter and
maid, Miss Stark. H. fchuirio, W. J.
Schroth, Captain yon Sutdm;z, I. G. N.,
Miss M. J. Shea, John Wliitehead, S.
Tasuba, her Majesty Liliuokalani, Mr 3.
Naboololu, Joseph Heieluske, Captain
Metcalf, Miss Metcalt, Alex Young, Miss
B. Young, Godirey Brown, G. B. Greg.
G. B. Grei^; is Irom Fanning Island and
is here to look after an old suit that was
begun in Sydney, N. S. W., a year ago,
over his father's estate. The late King of
Fanning Island died in San Francisco and
his oody was taken i cm ■ on ttie George
H. Douglass. There he was buried and
his son reigned in bis stead. The execu
tors and the new King do not get along
very well, berne tne recourse to law.
While Mr. Greig is in San Francisco he
will visit his son, who is being educated at
a private school in Oakland.
When the China left Yokohama the
yacht Tolna, with Count Festetics and iiis
wile aboard, was there. Ttie intention
was to sail at once for San Francisco, so
the little boat may be expected here about
Christmas-time. Tiie Count has many
tales to tell about his circumnavigation of
tie globe, and the yacht is crowded with
curios.
Estates in Probate.
The will of Isaac Underwood Jr., who died
In 1860, bequeaths all his estate to the widow,
Susan Underwood. The property is worth
ft^r>oo, and the wl.iisde.ted (Jctocer 18, 1865.
Herman Zwleg'3 will has been filed .'or pro
bate. It bequeaths the eutire estate, value un
known to Julia Zwieg, widow of decedent.
Mary llerdel has applied tor letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Frederick Her
del deceased, who left property worth $3000.
Trunks Moved 25 Ceuta.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st
rel. main * y - Furniture movea reasonably.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
The Renovated Steamer Czarina That Came Here From Pensacola to Ron in the Beaver Hill Coa
Trade* She Has Her Trial Trip To-day, and Will Make Her Maiden Voyage Next Week.
FAT HER YORKE'S
LATEST LECTURE
"Figs of Thistles, or the
Preachers in the
Pacific"
Some Humorous References to
His Connection With a
Libel Suit.
Caustic Charges Against Protest
Missionaries in New Z alend
and Hiwaii.
Rev. P. C. Yorke lectured to a crowded
house at Metropolitan Temple last nuht
on "Figs of Thisties, or the Preachers in
the Pacific." The enthusiasm of the audi
ence at times vented itself in frequent
applause.
The platform was filled with church dig
nitaries and laymen of note. F. J. Kierce
acted as chairman and introduced the
speaker.
The chairman paid a feeling tribute to
Father O'Neill and specified that the lec
ture was in behalf of the Church of Our
Lady of the Loretto, situated at Novaio.
In effect Father Yorke spoke as follows:
"Mr. Chairman and ladies and gentle
men: Here I am by tne grace of God
and the favor of the Police Court. You
hava all no doubt beard of the grave
charge preferred against me.
"I am accused of libeling a man who is
as far removed from libel as he is beneath
contempt. However, I don't profess to be
able to tell one bad egg from another.
Hudelson was bad enough for a leader,
but it is awful to think of Thistleton.
"Did you ever hear of tbe Irishman who
wanted a soft snap on board ship, and who
chose to take his place at the wheel be
cause he could sit down? Well, he was
told to keep his eye on the north star and
steer directy for it.
"He did till he fell asleep, and when he
awoke found that the north star was be
hind the vessel. The ship had turned
round. Cal ing for ttie captain in loud
tones, he said: 'Captain, we have passed
the north star. What shall we steer by
now? 1
"Tbat is the way with the beetle-browed.
They have passed Hudleson and are seek
ing a new leader to steer by. If Thistle
ton is their choice they seem to have se
lected one whom they can follow by the
swell.
"In last July— to return to ancient his
tory—a man named j. M. Alexander, re
siding in Oakland, which fact in itself is
an excuse for a multitude of sins, took it
upon himself to take up the gauntlet with
regard to some remarks anent the mis
sionaries in the Pacinc.
"1 was out of town at the time, and be
sides had my hands full attending to
larger game. Thut game is bagged, and I
may be pardoned ior returning to con
sideration of tne smailer fry.
"What I intend to say lo you to-night
about those or.issionarics .shall be entirely
on the authority of Protestant authors,
and from them I am jus. i tied in saying
that the word missionary is a stench in
the nostrilsof civilization. ThisJanguage
may seem harsh, but see if the facts do
not warrant it.
"In 1814 Rev. Mr. Marsden of the Eng
lish church and the Wesleyan convention
went to New Zealand. There he pur
chased 200 acres from tbe natives for a
dozen axes. The secret oi the new coun
try was too good co keep, so he sent the
blessed news to the others. They came
ami systematically went to work at land
grabbing.
"We have a record of 1400 acres being
bought for forty-eight axes, and from
1830 to 1835 tho missionaries acquired
possession of twenty-nine square miles of
territory. The annals show that among
others one Kemp secured 18,000 acres one
King 10,300, one Sh^pard 11,860 and H.
Williams, who at first got huld of 11,000
acres and found he had a soft thing, rinaL v
ended by laying his clutches on 22,000
acres.
"The scandal finally became so great
that it reached England, and though
tow Kates to Fbcenix, A. T., and
Bandsburc Cal.
The Atlantic and Pacific K. R., Sana Fe rontr>.
will sell on December 11, 12 and 13 round-trip
firs -elms tickets to Phoenix at th« one-way rate.
A golden opportunity to spend Christmas in balmy
Arizona. Cheap rates are also made to the won
derful KaiKisburg mining camp, whicn is a second
Cripple Creek, and to which people are now flock
ing by the tb< usands Ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1531.
bee time-table In Advertising columns.
Fhlllips' Kock Inland t.xoursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Pio
Grande »n<l Rock Island .Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and por.ers accompany ther> excursions to
Button. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and fur:b -r information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent f.ock Island Ualiw»y, 80 Mont
gomery street. fc»n JFrancl«ao.
Througli Car to St. Paul and Mlnneapolli
An elegantly upholstered tonrlst-car Icav. s Oak
land eT<-ry Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock for all
points in Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No change of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Com*
•nd get our rates If you expec: to make a trip to
any Eastern poln:. T. K. 8 ateler, General Agent
Northern Paoinc Ky. Co., 638 Market street, s. %
: foROKAPO.— Atmosphere L Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely j free from the mints com
mon further north. \ Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel Je.
Coronado, $65; longer»stay.s2 50 per day. Appl/
4 New Montgomery st.; ' San Francisco.
there were few Catholics in Parliament at
that time an inquiry was made. That in
vestigation showed that what the Rev. J.
M. Alexander has called the salt of the
earth tried to get possession of the earth
itself.
"It is found from Protestant history that
a certain Mr. Shepard got hold at last of
a large portion of land for two checned
shirts and an iron pot, and that Rev.
Eichard Taylor acquired possession of
50,000 acres.
"The scandal fin ally became so notorious
that Parliament had to pass a law invali
dating all titles to land drawn from the
natives. You will remember, please, that
the Protestants had to take action against
their own missionaries before the Catho
lics set foot on the island.
"At the time the missionaries were
grabbing up all the land they could get
forcnecked shirts and iron pots the old
ladies in England were harassed by ap
peals for belp for the Buffering mission
aries. Yet some of tbese same men
were the ricnest in the city of Auck
land. It is little wonder then that
when the British Parliament was discuss
ing the question of annulling the iijis
sionaries' titles, one of the witnesses re
marked that Cnrist had said to leave all,
bu: the missionaries had translated it into
take everything you can grab.
"We find n Protestant hisiorian telling
us that in 1851, or alter the missionaries
had the island for forty years, one of the
natives was reprimanded for having three
wives, and replied: 'Oh, never mind; all
t&e same as Solomon.' Small wonder, in
deed.
"Another man tells us that tons of Bibles
had been distributed amone the nativas
just prior to their war with the colonists, |
and that when they made their stand
against the grasping methods of the mis
sionaries they used the Bibles for gun
wads. So the missionaries only succeeded
in turning a race that was the highest in
the scale of the Polynesian people into one
of the meanest, lowest, iying and despica
ble set of savages on the lace of creation.
"Over a quart r of a century ttfter the
Protestants came to these islands the
French Catholic missionaries came there.
The Protestants found there was to be op
po ition aft6r twenty-five years and flew
to arras. Their tactics . aye been the same
the world over. It was only a snort time
ago they told the people the Pope was
coming over here to murder all good
Protestants.
"So in tins instance they told the chiefs
of the Maoris that the Cathoic3 would
boil their babies to obtain holyoi..
"Accordingly the Maori chiefs to the
number of forty banded together and
sent a petition to the King of England
praying to be delivered irom the terrible
visitation of the marauders 'of the tribe of
Mary.' It in not surprising that the
Maoris laughed at them and spoke of
them with contempt when the Catholic
missionaries said they had no money to
loan at usurious rates and were not going
to till the soil.
"But they learned the value of holiness
and the beauty of self-denial. In twenty
years they had made converts of the ma
jority of the natives left, and when, the
Maoris rose in rebellion against the mis
sionaries the Catholic Bishop remained at
bis post of duty and was not molested."
Tbe lecturer then proceeded to detail
the acts of the missionaries who visited
the Society Inlands in the year 1840 in the
bh p Duff. He gave the same general
complimentary description of what they
had accomplished as in New Zealand.
He dwelt especially upon the conduct ot
several of the party, »mong whom he
enumerated the Rev. Messrs. Lewis and
Broomlial', in connection with immoral
rela.ions with the Tahitian women, and
for his authority quoted "Ellis' History of
the Propagation of Christianity.'- As in
New Zealand, ne said, the Catholic mis
sionaries came and worked a radical revo
lution.
"I cannot dwell long upon the actions
of the m.ssionaries in two hours," Father
Yorke continued, "but there is one in
stmce I must mention. There came into
this City to-day a woman who was once a
Queen. She owned that croup of Islands
known as the 'Paradise of the Pacific'
She comes to-day almost as a hunted
slave.
"Early in the century missionaries from
the Conirregationalist denomination went
to those inlands. They were received with
open arms. They found 130,000 people
ready to become disciples of Cnrist.
"Gradually it was found that instead of
teaching the people the truths of the gospel
they were giving themselves up to the
affairs of state.
"When they obtained the ascendency
they herded the people into church three
or four times every Sunday and passed a
series of blue laws against all legitimate
ert j :yment that would have honored New
England in her bluest days."
The lecturer then told in detail of how
the colonists waited till a woman came on
the throne to throw her into jail and t*ke
possession of the islands. He character
ized their actions as a disgrace to civiliza
tion.
THE OWL DOLL DAY.
Twenty-five Thousand Pp«om Visited
the Store and Jtach Received a
Handsome Gift.
An elaborate banquet was given at the
Cafe Zinkand last night to employes and
friends of the Owl drugstore by invita
lion of R. X Miller, secretary and general
manager of the, company.
The table was elaborately decorated
with flowers, and samples of the best
things in the market were spread before
the guests. After the viands had been ap
propriately discussed the toast of the
evenine was responded to by Local Man
ager William Blai^dell. The company
tarried long over the good things while
the band played on.
Yesterday was the semi-annual gift day
of the Owl drugstore, established by the
company as their opening for the holiday
trade. More than 25,000 people visited the
store yestenlny and between 20,000 and
22,000 handsome fancy ciressed imported
do! a were presented to subscriberi. The
crowd kept fifty clerks as busily engaged
as men couid be, the day beiniithe great
est one for business that the old Owl ever
had.
Pringle Broa. All Bight.
In Judge Slack's court yesterday the in
solvency proceedings a<alnst Pi-lngle Bros.,
shoe dealers, were dismissed. The firm wiil be
allowed to continue business as usual.
LIFTING THE CROSS
IN FAR KOREA
Wonderful Success of the
Rev. Mcffett's Efforts
in Ping Yang.
Before the Recent War He Was
in Danger of His
Life.
Natives Were Condrmntd to Die for
Their Faith— Present Spread of
Christianity.
The Rev. S. A. Moffett and Rev. D. L.
GifforJ, missionaries of the Presbyterian
church for the last seven or eight years in
Korea, were among the arrivals here yes
terday on the China. The former has
been laborins? among the natives of Ping
Yang, the famous place in the north of
The Rev. Dr. D. L. Gifford, One of
the Returned Missionaries.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
Korea where the great battle took place in
the recent war.
Mr. Moffatt bad a pretty hard time of it
then and it got so dangerous that he had
to go awny for a time; but he went back
again, and has been having great success
in bis mission work.
Never in the history of Korea has there
been sue < an interest in tbe Christian re
ligion. The gentlemen say the field is
ripe and thai it is a great place for mission
work. They have been doing all they can
and wonderful results are being attained,
but the work tbat they can stand is lim
ited. Other missionaries are needed.
Never was a country so ripe for opportune
labor.
Elsewhere In Korea mission work is
progressing rapidly also. The Rev. Mr.
liifford has beeu working at Seoul, the
Korean capital. He said yesterday at the
Occidental that they had been greatly en
couraged by what bad been done.
"Mr. Moffett, who is the senior mis
sionary," said Mr. Gifford, "opened the
jtew to-day:
We wish we could make
everybody believe that
promptness is prevention;
that there should be no de-
lay when you are losing flesh
and when you are pale, espec-
ially if a cough be present.
The continued use of Scott's
Emulsion in the early stages of
lung affections does prevent
the development of Con-
sumption. Your doctor will
tell you this is true and we
state it without wishing to
make any false claims or
fals*e promises. Free book
tells more on the subject.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New York.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHUTES.
Plrri, the Chute Coaster, and Richards, the
Wonderful lilver, Kvcry livening-FBEEI
DE GEAR'S FAKE AIRSHIP!
Tbe Greatest Humbug of the Century!
NO EXTKA CHAKGE.
I 808 FITZSIMMONS SUNDAY.
work at Ping Yang, and he has been won
derfully mccessiul there. Those who be
came converts seemed to catch the spirit
right away and started in to convert
others. They would talk religion with
the people they met as they went about
their work and thus were active agents.
'"Since the war the work has spread so
that there are twenty-two preaching places
contiguous to Ping Yang. At the time of
the war probably not more than ten
natives had been baptized and there wre
not more than about forty catechumens,
or those who had been taken, as may be
said, on probation. Now there are at
least 200 that have teen baptized, and
there are not less than 500 catechumens.
Seven churches have been built or pro
vided for by natives this year.
"Mrs. Isabella Bird Bishop, the famous
writer, was in Seoui a year a^o. The lady
is a member of the Episcopal church, and
wa3 struck with the signal progress that
was being made in christianizing the
Korean?. She wrote to the Presbyterian
board about the work, and later met n
number of our people and did what she
could to assist.
"There have been a numbfr of churches
built by natives in the vcinity of Seoul
as well as in the north of Korea. In Ping
Yang they had to enlarge their church
this year four times and tiie average con
gregation now is 500 ; 325 yen were con
tributed by the Ping Yang Christians this
year.
"All this is wonderful in view of tbe fact
that at the time of the war tbe few con
verts that had been made were threatened,
stoned and otherwise intimidated. Tneir
lives were not safe. Threats were made
against them that they would be killed,
and they would have been in one instance
had not the representatives of the British
Government interfered in their behalf.
•'On one occasion several of the native
Christians were arrested and placed in the
death cells. The decree had gone forth,
the Christians knew it ana expected
death. They were finally brought before
the judge and told that if they would re
cant, they could save themselves. But
even then, only two of them who had not
known the truth very long, would assent
to this. The others remained firm in the
face of death.
"They were finally let go, but when
they got outside the people said they
would kill them anyway and began to
stone them aiyi otherwise maltreat them.
One of them ran, and finally after great
effort, r"Bch«d the home of Dr. Hall, the
pioneer Method. st missionary ther , when
when no. fell down bleeding and almost
dead. Considering all this, it is extra
ordinary what progress Christianity has
made."
The gentlemen are going home for a
year's vacation. R v. Gifford is from Illi
nois and Rev. Moffett from Indiana. They
will be here but two or three days.
Hcks' Slayer Acquitted.
John A. Mitchell, who shot and killed E. T.
KEV7 to-day:
Commencing to-mor-
row (Saturday), the
store will be open
evenings until Christ-
mas.
jq*T; rf ■^■■■— ■■■■■- - ■ »'Ss| '
I L^. .. I. X
Women's desks.
No doubt about it — we make
your choosing difficult by
showing so many. But think
of the satisfaction of seeing
all the worthy sorts.
Prices start at $7 — end
at $200.
Imagine a home where such
a chair as pictured here
wouldn't . be . a welcome
Christmas gift.
We have them to suit any
price that suits you.
Don't fail to see our
"gift ' furniture' '--that
costs nothing at all —
and you're welcome.
; California Furniture Company
(N Cole ■& Co) Carpets
117 Geary Street , M*t&
KEVT TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS3
Mbs.Kbs KBTINK Kbici.ivi. Proprietor ot .tfaaaiar
LAST NIGHTS.
Offenbach's Operatic Fantasia
"THE BRIGANDS."
-NEXT WEEK
.Five Nights Only, -
••THE BOHEMIAN GIRL."
. Special Engagement of . - .
HISS ISKLLE XHOKNE.
Saturday Evening... ....December 19
••JACK AND 1 HE BEANSTALK."
Our Gorgeous Holiday Spectacle.
Pooula" Price5.:...'.. ...25c and sOc.
O'FarrcU Btree", 1 a ween Stockton and Pow>:i.
SEE the COMEDY BILL of the SEASON
JEAN CLERMOM'S ANIMALS,
i GALLETT.'i MONKEY COHEOIANS,
CUiHnAN AND HOLCOnB, KAOLY,
THE THkbE UUNBAR SISTERS,
And. a Great Vaudeville Company. -
Keserved seas. »sc; ..balcony, 10c; upera-caatn
•nd box-seals. 5Uc. , ; • ..- - ■
'COMlNG— Nilason'sKuropean Aerial Ballet (the
original flying ba'.lel) In conjunction with Kiralfy's
Grand Opera Ballet of v fifty •• Coryphees and live
Premierts— the grandest ballet ever produced in
California. * ... " ; •• ..*••;
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART.
■.':'. W NT KB' EXHIBITION.
- Open Dally from 9 a. m. to 5 P. m and Tuesday
Even in Sunday* from 10 a. if. to 5 p. if.
Admission, 3 5 Cts. Evenings, 50 Ct».
A Lost Voice, f
Advertising -will do a great |»
]) many tilings, but it won't bring ('[
t( l about the return of a lost)]j
1 1 voice. The best thing to do ?i
]>> is to begin, at once, the use of (<[
( d the sovereign cure for all affec- S '
<jj tions of the throat and lungs — f { \
,») Bronchitis, Asthma, Croup, "\
]i) Whooping Cough, etc. It has (i 1
J a reputation of fifty years of
> cures, and is known the world <>< |
) (<
I over as (, '
AVER'S
; Cherry Pectoral. |
Hicks in this city on the lath of last October,
was yesterday found not guilty of murder by
a jury in Judge Bahrs' court. The only plea
made" by Mitchell was that he acted in self
defense. It took the jury two hours to reach
an agreement.
♦ — ♦ — »
Divorce Proceedings
Mrs. Amelia Tahler proved in Judge Troutt's
court yesterday that her husband, Julius, had
been guilty of treating her with extreme
cruelty, and she was accordingly granted a
divorce with permission to resume her maiden
name, Sterncher.
Clara M. McPherson has been granted a di
vorce from Edward B. McPherson on the
ground of desertion. Mr. and Mrs. McPhcrson
lived together only three days.
Divorce suits have been filed in the Superior
Court ns follows: Stefano Carreah vs. Enielia
Carreah. Helen Bovee vs. William R. Bovec,
Addie Alexander vs. Bernard Alexander,
Harry L. Cain v*. Stella M. Cain.
SEW TO- DAT.'
Had n't you better get
the best tea there is going ?
Schilling Best — your
grocer pays you back your
money in full if you don't
like it.
A Schilling & Company
San Franri*co 478
HEW TO-LAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ax. Haymax <t Co. (Incorporaied).....Praprte;ori
Last Three Nights and Matinee Saturday
MR. WILTON LACKAYE
And his Great Company, assisted by
ma:r.ie wainwrioht
Presenting the Successful Unique Double Bill.
BIOLIKBK. OAPT. 808.
A drama in one act. The beautiful comedy.
Last Performance Sunday Night.
"V A W Next Monday One night only.
A J\. »f and her Concert Co. Seats now selling.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
C. B. Jefferson's, Klaw and Hrlanger's Wonderful
Production,
PA cos! E s R BROWNIES!
With the Marvelous
FLYING BALLKT, OIiIKNTAL DANCING
GIRLS, DISAPPEAKI.VO DKMONS,
WANDERING MINSTRELS, Ktc.
First Performance, NEXT THURSD 4.V, Dec 17.
Urst Mat., Sat.. Dec. 19. First Sun. NgU, Dec. 20.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Matinee Next Saturday, December 13.
RIVAL QUKKSISI
RIVAL QUEENS!
Fairy Operetta. Children's Delight.
Beats 50c and 25c at Sherman & Clay's,
December 10. 9 a. m.
IrniCDLAfiatR.OOTTLOB«l rniCDLAfiatR.00TTLOB« c?- UJiciA-iDrwtAatßi---
PACKED, OF COURSE!
Because there Is no other show like It.
JOSEPH ORISMER AND PHO2BE DAVIES
In the Great, Melodramatic buccesa,
THtS COTTON KING! —
Calico Print Mill In Full Operation.
■ Jolly Picnic Scene.
Bongs, Dances and Merrymaking.
Startling Elevator Scene.
The Specially Engaged Cast.
Next Attraction— tKAWLEY COMPANY.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. 1
WALTER MOROSCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager
The Funny Western Comedy Drama,
THE PROMISED LAND!
A THRILLING SENSATIONAL PLAY
By Harry Meredith, author of "Ranch 10," etc.
' Wonderful Mechanical and Scenic
Effects.
Startling Situations; Side-splitting Humor.
Evening: Prices— H)c, 250 and 500.
Matinees Satnrday and Sunday.
, A MOST EMPHATIC SUCCESS!
A perfect production of the .story of the South,
"ALABAMA! '
By Augustus 1 homos.
SPECIAL engagement OF
GEORGE OSBOUENE & lit; GO TOLAND
Order seats by telephone, Black 991.
Night— ISc. 25c, 35c. 50c. Matinee— lsc, 'Jsc, 35c
ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH. fl
THE ORGAN" RECITALS
Announced for 16th and 17th Ingt.
HAVE BEEN CANCELLED.
' Purchasers of tickets can have the price re
funded by presenting them at the Fathers resl-
dence, 214 Hayes street. _^ ■
THIRD ANNUAL HORSE SHOW
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
December 9, 10, 11 and 12, 1896
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.
CONCERTS AFTERNOON AND EVENINdS,
Conducted by VALENTINE HUBER.
General Admission, Day 50c. Evening 91
Reserved seats on sale at H. a Crocker Co.'3,
227 and 229 POit st
No sea s reserved for day exhibitions except
prlvat» boxes. : ■
. Uood seats on main floor and all seats In gallery
included In price of general admission.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
; ( NGLESIDE TRACK),
The only Perfect .Winter: Racetrack in America
mm «^rc racog
Racing from Soy. 30 to Dec. 12, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
1 KIKST I.ACK AT % P. M.
Take Southern Pacific trains at IhirJ and
Townsetid ats. depot, leaving at 1 p. m. .
Fare for Round Trip, Including: Ad*
mission to uround*. .1.00.
, Taice Mission-st. electric line direct to trace.
The G. H. Mumni & Co. BtalM*, Saturday, Dea 5,
The Palace Hotel Stakes, Saturday, Dec. 12.
A. K. spKECKJi;Is» l'resiu«at.
.. W. & Lbakk, Secretary. ■--■' '■■-■■ -■■:
78
EQUINE BEAUTIES
AGAIN PARADE
They Fill the Bill a Second
Day at the Horse
Show.
SOCIETY PATRONIZES
THE EVENT.
The Pavilion Is Well Filled
With Fashionables at
Night.
NOVEL SPECTACLES PRESENTED
IN THE KING.
A Few Leading Horsemen Carry Off
Most of the Priz2s in Various
Classes.
Success marked the second day of the
horse show.
Style and blood told so far as the noble
animals were concerned, and that meant
general superiority. With regard to the
show itself — it was a stylish event on its
second day* The fashionables were there j
in full force, thoueh in perhaps a trifle ;
more subdued color*.
Everybody who leans toware find horses
paid the Pavilion a visit, and everybody,
too, was satisfied. And to make the mat
ter certain it is only necesiary to quote
the expressions of those competent to
judge of the merits of the display: "It
was a grand showing of what California
has in the way of country gentlemen's
stables."
The ring never dragged from early'
morning till late at night. All the time
save a brief respite at noon and again at 6
o'clock one class of equine aristocrats fol
lowed another in review. Ttie judges en
deavored to do their best in deciding the
many nice points, and there was no
grumbling over their numerous decisions.
Before the show opened yesterday morn
ing the nug was hiled with all classes of
horses that did not then appear for mere
display. The prize beauties were simply
taking their morning walk after breakfast.
Jt was evident that they felt in good spirits,
for they danced and champed their bits, !
tmd their neighing filled the air with j
equine eloquence. Two early hours were
given over to the proud steeds, and then
the ring assumed a formal aspect, with
judges and officials in the middle and a
small crowd of horse-admirers on the out
side. But this was as early as 10:30 o'clock,
when only those specially interested would
attend.
The first event was the judging of two
Norman stallions, 4 years old, in class 91;
two Norman stallion?, 2 years old, in
class 93; one Clydesdale mare in class
107. and three draft horses in class 89a.
An immense Clydesdale mare was the
first to enter the ring at the sound of the
tally-ho. She is a heavy brown creature, j
the bay mare Margaret, belonging to
Pierce Bros, of Santa Rosa. She was fol- I
lowed by three of the Norman variety of j
drafthorses, Frank Lane's Buffalo Bill, a
magnificent black stallion, and Joseph j
Blondin's Adolph and Sultan. Buffalo
Bill and Sultan carried off the blue rib
bon in their respective classes.
In class 89a, best draft horses weigh- |
ing over 15.00 pounds, shown to harness
and wagon, the dun gelding Prince, be
longing to McNab & Smith, took the blue
ribbon.- He weighs 1908 pounds and is :
said to be the heaviest horse in the show.
A gray gelding, also belonging to McNab
<fc Smith, got the red ribbon, or second
t>rize; and W. F. Laumeister's bay horse
received the white ribbon, or third prize.
Promptly at 11 a. m. the contest was
among trotters of the driving class. All
horses entered in this class were of the
required standard, and judged by their
ase, color, conformation, way of going and
the manner of their shoeing and bitting.
Their records did not govern in any other
class. They were shown to harness and
wagon, uud confined to stallion, mare or
gelding, three years old or over, with a
record of 2:30 or better. The horses en
tered were: J. P. Dunn's Hailstorm,
Mrs. F. H. Burkes Jeffe, A. B. Spreckels'
Prince Dexter, A. M. McDonald's Caryle
Came, W. S. Hobart's Hazel, Wilkes and
Mattie Merrill, and H. E. Wise's Madera.
Mr. Hobart's Hazel Wilkes, one of last
year's blue ribbons, carried off the first
prise again, much to the satisfaction of
the spectators, who applauded loudly. Mr.
Spreckels' Prince Dexter took the second
prile; Mr. McDonald's gray gelding,
Caryle Came, third prize, and Mrs.
Burkes Jeffe was highly commended.
In class 42 eight pairs of horses were
exhibited. They were under the rules 15
hands 2 inches and over, suitable for town
work in a brougham, victoria or landau.
The pair taking first prize in this class
was shut out irom a prize in classes 37
and 40. W. 8. Hobart was out again with
his park wheelers, high-stepping beauties
with well-matched acton and style. The
horses entered were John Parrott's Dandy
and Flora, Henry J. Crocker's Edwin and
Edgar, George A. Pope's Sweetheart ana
Surprise, and Arlington and Arsenal.
Walter Hobart had four couples — Feacock
and Paragon, Damrosch and Seidi, Mon
arch and Performer, the C«ar and the
Sultan.
All were harnessed to very handsome
rigs, some of tnem with swell footmen
and coachmen in green and white livery.
W. S. Hobart'a pair of bay geklinss, Dam
rosch and Seidi, took the first prize;
George A. Pope's Sweetheart and Surpise
took the second prize; W. S. Hobart's bay
geldings, the Czar and the Sultan, third
prize, and Henry J. Crocker's pair of chest
nnt geldings, Edwin and Edgar, were
hitrhly commended.
The last event of the morning was judg
ing two standard-bred three-year-old stal
lions (trotters), class 6; four standard-bred
two-year-old stallions (trotters), class 7 ;
three standard-bred brood mares (trotters),
class 8; rive standard-bred two-year-old
fillies (trotters), class 9, and five standard
bred yearlings (trotters), class 10. In the
judging of two standard- bred three-year
old trotting stallions Wild Nutling, be
longing to William H. Vioget of Law
rence, Cal., took the first prize, and Frank
H. Burkes Willeroo toot the second prize.
Among two-year-old trotting stallions,
John F. Boyd's Owyhee look the first
prize, George H. Roe's Volt urn the second
and William H. Vioget's J H C the third.
Among three-year-old mares, lone, the
brown mare belonging to John F. Boyd of
Oakwood Park, tok the first prize, Pierce
The Humorous Side of the Hori2 bhow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER It, 1896.
The Brilliant Scene at the Pavilion Last Night.
Brothers' Lily Stanley the %econd and
their Silver Eye the third. Among the
two-year-old fillies, John P. Bovd's Oak
wood Belle took the first prize, John
Green's Directina the second and W. H.
Campbell Jr.'s Nellie Campbell the third.
Tho brown colt Stanley, belonging to
Pierce Brothers ol the Santa Rosa stock
farm, received the first prize, Mrs. Maudie
Agnew's chestnut filly Trilby the second
prize and Pierce Brothers' bay filly Dolly
D the third prize.
GOOD FORM IN THE
AFTERNOON'S SHOW.
There was a fair attendance in the after
noon, particularly in the boxes, which
were largely filled with young folk from
society's ranks. The exhibition in the
ring lacked nothing from a purely spec
tacular point of view, and as a display of
California equine stock it was decidedly
interesting to horsemen and gentlemen
who admire fine rig*.
Five pairs of roadsters entered the ring
to lead the variable procession of the after
noon. These were in class 15, for pairs of
mares or geldings, or mare and gelding,
three years old or over, and shown to har
ness or wagon.
The horses entered were John C. Kirk
patrick's back mares, Azalia and Flewy
flewy ; Frank H. Burkes Rossie Moore and
Wane 1 , graceful bays; A. B. Spreckels'
Grove A and Al S, two handsome bays; J.
W. Martin's Daisy and Kitty, a pair that
came from Nashville and were excellently
matched but lacking in style on the new
standard; also W. S. Hobart's Hazel
Wilkes and Mattie Merrill. Not one of
these spirited steeds had bobbed tails or
cropped manes, and they came nearer the
American ideal than any other set seen in
the ring yesterday. Hobart's team won
the blue ribbon. Spreckels' pair was a
close second, Kirkpatrick's got third
prize and Burkes were highly com
mended.
Melville Schweitzer had cla?s 19 all to
himself for a pair, any age. He d rove hi 9
splendid bays, Aleck and Archie, and of
course won first prize, which the quality
and dash of the team fully justified.
The next display wa3 class 69, for ladies'
saddlehorses, not under 14 hand? 3 inches,
and four years old or over. The entries
in this class had to be ridden by ladies.
The seven horses entered included Red
wood, owned and ridden by Miss Eva
Coryell of this city; Stella, exhibited by
John Parrott; Sintratn, by Dr. Maxwell
Payne; Gypsy Queen, by George A. Pope;
Maggie, by J. J. Moore, and Huntress and
Merry Boy, by Walter S. Hobart.
Mrs. Farnsworth rode three or four of
the horses, which sho showed off to ad
vantage. Parrott's chestnut mare Stella
had action, form and general gracefulness
in more generous proportion than the
others and got first prize. Miss Coryell
received applause when tne red ribbon
was tied to the bridle of her chestnut
horse, for she had won the admiration of
all beholders with her riding and her
horse was a beauty, if a little lighter than
the first-Drize winner. Hobart's Huntress,
from which much was expected, won third
prize, although several horsemen in the
promenade had picked her out for a higher
place. Pope's Gypsy Queen, a beautiful
Dlack mart?, was highly commended.
Out of the nine horses entered in the
next class, 41, but six were exhibited, as
Walter Hobart withheld bis Paragon and
Monarch, and George A. Pope his chest
nut, Arlington. This class was for mares
or geldings, 15 Lands 2 inches and over,
suitable for townwoik in a brougham orvic
toria, but the horse taking first prize in it
was debarred from a prize in classes 35, 36
and 39, which reservation had the effect
of keeping out some of the best.
The horses shown were Dandy, John
Parrott; Edwin, Henry J.Crocker; Sur
prise, George A. Pope; Peacock, Madison
Square and Czar, Walter S. Hobart.
Peacock was driven by Hobart, and at
tracted considerable attention; but this
prize-winner at former shows was out of
place, fine as he looked — a fact worthy of
recording when it is remembered that
one of the dashing young horseman's last
importations from New York took first
prize, even though in a skeleton cart and
driven by a coachman. Madison Square,
a bay beauty, won first prize. The Czar,
driven by Mr. Kemp of New York, got
second prize, Surprise came in third place
and Peacock was highiy commended. The
extravagant knee and hock action of
Czar was seen to advantage in this event,
which ranked him as a blue-blooded high
stepper.
In class 49, pairs of horses 15 hands 2
inches and over were judged, but none of
them had previously won a first prize. In
addition to the prizes there was a special
silver cup offered by George A. Pope.
Henry J. Crocker wa3 here given an op
portunity of showing off some of his fine
stock of wheelers. Thrae pairs were en
tered. Crocker's bays, Dorothy and
Prince, in a four-wheel cart, got first prize
and the cup, and Fred and Eleanor, hand
some chestnuts, which appeared to be their
owner's choice, got the second ribbon.
Ira Barker Dalziel of 605 Golden Gate
avenue received third prize.
The next was somewhat different. It
was class 59 A, the best performance of
driving six-in-hand through obstacles, but
there were no entries when the catalogue
went to press. Walter Morosco had this
all to himself, and it may bo said that no
other part of the show surpassed it for
novelty. His «ix coal-blnck, highly bred
horses were driven by an old stage-driver
named Foster, who showed how well he
knew the business of turning six horses
around in a knot and putting them through
pedestals set barely far enough apart to
permit cf the gorgeous phaeton to pass
between. The team was harnessed mag
nificently, with silver mountings glisten
ing.
Nothing like it was ever seen in Ban
Francisco, and as the driver guided his
horses and curied them about in figures of
eight and in small circles at a dashing
clip, spectators and judges joined in ap
plauding.
The Golden Gate stable had a really
good six-in-hand, but it was eclipsed by
the splendor of Morosco's team and made
no showing in fancy driving throuch the
obstacles. The prizes were as might be
expected, first and second respectively.
la class 13 five horses, 14 bands 1 inch
and not exceeding 15 hands and 1 inch,
were judged. They were shown before
two-wheeled carts in variety and had to
pass tho judges on style of going, quality
and manners. W. S. Hobart drove his
new chestnut mare Frills and won first
prize. Frills came from the East a few
weeks ago and is one of the new stock
here. Hobart's Pride, driven by Mr.
Kemp, got second prize and his bay
Prejudice the third ribbon, while Pope's
Romulus was highly commended. The
other competitor waa Quicksilver Jr.,
owned by E. W. A. Waternouse.
Three ponies under saddle were shown
in the next event — class 71. They were
Bessie, owned by Henry J. Crocker, Tad
pole, recently imported by Walter Hobart
and exhibited by Miss Carolyn Lester of
Santa Monica, and Nip, owned by J. D.
Horan. Tadpole captured the house. He
acted and looked like a dwarf hackney or
high-stepper. He got first prize, Bessie
second and Nip third.
Class 72 was next exhibited. It was for
six ponies under saddle, 12 hands and not
exceeding 13 hands 1 inch, 3 years old
nnd over. The entries were Miss Aloha
Agnew's Frisky from Hillsd&le, John A.
Buck's Masher, Waiter S. Hobart's imp.
Spot, Lightfoot, Dip and Sparke. Dip got
tho blue ribbon, Friekv the red and Light
foot the white ribbon. Imp. Spot was
highly commended.
Immediately before a parade of exhibi
tion horses there was a judging of a trot
tin? stallion entered in class 4, Knight,
owned by J. B. Haggin, with four of his
progeny; also a judging in class sof two
trotting stallions, Beaumont, owned by
John Donnelly of Burlingame, and
Knight.
m
ANOTHER EVENING
WITH THE HORSES.
As usual the show was just a little slow
in beginning in the evening, for the fash
ionable people who make it were slow in
arriving. The first event of the night was
over when the boxes began to till and the
house to be crowded.
And from that time on the display was
all that could be desired for variety ot
events and maenincent showing of blooded
stock. Style of course cut a very impor
tant figure on the tan bar*.
* The evening opened with a matter-of
fact event, but all the same an interesting
one. On the catalogue this was class 53,
judging fourteen pairs of horses and de
livery wagons. The entries were: Caddie
and Reuben by Morton's Special Delivery,
John and Billy Jr. by the Emporium,
Sam and Queen by Siebe & Green,
Fanny and Jerry by Simpkins & Thorp,
Jane and Belle by Goldberg, Bowen & Co.,
Edie and Dash by Frank H. Burke,
Fannie and Flora by Mount Shasta Min
eral Water Company, Frank and Jim,
Daisy and Lottie, Duchess and Queen,
Nigger and Duke, Jennie and Dolly,
Minnie and Nelly, Molly and Bess, Mary
and John by the same company.
The delivery wagons were all new and
shininp, the harness polished and mostly
silver mounted and the horses a finely
fed, well-groomed lot of high quality.
The Emporium's John and Billy Jr. won
first prize, Siebe & Green's Sam and
Queen second and the mineral water
company's gray mares, Fannie and Flora,
third prize.
The unicorn teams shown in class 65
were greatly admired. In this class there
was but one leader to the two wheelers
shown before appropriate vehicles. Henry
J. Crocker drove his own team, a swell bay
and chestnnt trio, Fred, Eleanor and Dor
othy, that won second prize. The other
entry was W. S. Hobart'a Paragon, Mon
arch and Performer with Hobart himself
in the box.
These horses are the new comers, and
they won the first prize. There were other
teams entered, but they did not appear.
The mounted policemen of Golden Gate
Park were next in the ring. They were
judged according to the best and best
trained horses, appointment and uniforms
also considered.
Captain Thompson, mounted in Mexi
can style, with bridle and saddle all cov
ered with silver, led the way for his six
men. They rode in single file at break
necic speed around the rine snd suddenly
drew nu at one end in a platoon, so quickly
and cleverly that the crowd applauded.
A moment in lice and they were off
again in a platoon at a mad rate, then they
divided and galloped up and down, pass
ing one another without once colliding,
aftsr which they dashed around in platoon
formation utterly fearless. But the house
applauded warmly.
Their exhibition concluded with lasso
throwing, in which the park policemen
showed how they could catch runaways
and the like. Captain Thompson was
awarded first prize, Officer C. Arellanos
second, Eugene Compher third, and S. W.
Harper was highly commended.
In class 17 four pairs of roadsters and
road rigs were judged according to these
points: Each horse 25 per cent, the pair
20 per cent, wagon 10 per cent, harness 5
per cent, robes, blanket and whip 5 per
cent, general appointments 10 per cent.
Speed was not essential. Tbere was a
special prize, a silver cup offered by the
Palace Hotel, for this event.
The entries were A. B. Spreckels' Grove
A and Fire, John C Kirkpatrick's Azalia
and Flewy Flewy (not competing), Frank
H. Burkes Rossie Moore and Wand, and
W. 8. Hobart's Hazel Wilkes and Mattie
Merrill. Hobart's team won first prize,
Spreckels' second, Kirkpatrick's third,
and Burkes was Highly commended.
The tandems judged in class 54 were en
tered for the best road tandem shown be
fore two-wheeled dogcart or tandem cart.
The exhibitors were Henry J. Crocker
with Edwin and Dorothy, Hobart with
bay and gray horses unnamed, John Par
rott with Dandy and Flossie, handsome
bays, and Joseph D. Grant, with Music
and Myrtle, dashing bays.
Hobart's team won first prize, Grant's
neat pair was second, Parrott's third and
Crocker's was highly commended.
The next event was judging two pairs of
cab horses in class 51, horses to be 15
hands 2 inches or over in height and
to be shown before a coupe, hack or four
seated carriage.
A team of well-matched blacks— "Stars"
and "Stripes" — exhibited by Thomas
Kelly & Sons, was awarded the blue rib
bon, and another team of equally well
matched blacks — named "Rumor" and
"Gossip" — also exhibited by Thomas Kelly
& Sons, was awarded the second prize.
The conditions of judgment were that the
; NEW TO-DAY.
They Commend It
THE COMMON PEOPLE are not alone in their praise of Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt. It has secured by its wonderful
superiority over drugs the commendation of the best class of
physicians in San Francisco — in the whole United States it
is recognized as superior to batteries or other methods of treat-
ment for nervous and organic disorders. Physicians are forced
to acknowledge its superior curative power over medicine, arid
several of the most eminent doctors of San Francisco have taken :
up its application for the benefit of their patients, and the use
of this appliance instead of medicine has already shown marked
changes in the cases treated. The names of men with first-class
reputations as physicians who have begun the use of Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt can be had at Dr. Sanden's office. They are men
of advanced, progressive thought, and their adoption of this
appliance is but another evidence of the victory of science and
reason over the bigotry and ignorance of the past.
liver. Jiffe? ' KIDNEYS.
It restores the healthy %"Jti%~: It gives new strength
action of the Liver and •^l^%^. to the Kidneys, makes
Stomach, renews the di- -5:^5.^%^ them strong in their puri-
gestive functions -and ■•£? §^ 3? jJ^Sr fy ing action. It removes
makes the blood rich and "^^2i^-§* a " P ain "• and weakness
healthy, driving all dis- (f&>^A^' : from the back and makes
ease from the body. '///{/Hy every muscle strong.
Spent a Fortune Seeking a Cure.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., December 5, 1896.
DR. A. T.SANDEN— Dear Sir: I have worn the Belt you sent me for about four
months and it has done me a world of good. I had a continual drain from seminal
weakness, which is now stopped entirely. My sexual powers are restored and I Bleep
and eat well. 1 feel like a man again since I began wearing your Belt. Previous to
! wearing your Belt I had tried the best physicians in the East and paid out a fortune,
but to no purpose. Yours truly, ■'' ■
A. J. HAMMOND, 707 I street, Sacramento, Cal.
An Old Californian.
"I am sixty-six years old. ■ I have been doctoring for many years trying to recover
my vital powers, but your Belt has done me more good in a few weeks than all the
other remedies I have used. I would not part with it now for any money," writes
' P. D. MOJE, Covina, Los Angeles County, Cal.
Man and Wife Cured. ».-
-• "I suffered with a severe pain in ray right side for three years. Every time I "
lifted anything it would hurt me intensely. I could not sleep more than two or three
hours every night. One day my wife w»nt to the city and eot one 1 of your Belts for
me. I wore it every night for a month and it knocked the pain out for good. I never '
have noticed it since and have gained ten pounds in weight. Meantime my wife has
been wearing it for lame back and nervousness and it has made a great improvement
in her. We are recommending the Belt to all our friends. Several are in use here,
and everyone speaks well of them," says W. A. MACKIE.UsaI, Cal., December 1, 1896.
;■;»;. A San Francisco Newspaper Man.
"I was so weak that I could not attend to my work, and could get relief nowhere *
till I used your, Beit. After using it a few months I hare regained my fnll vigor, and •
though fifty years of age I am a strong man again," writes THOS. RAY, Brooklyn !
Hotel, San Francisco. - _.
These are only a few expressions from the hun-
dreds of grateful patients who have been cured by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
■ ■■ - . ..■ \ ■ ■ "■ - ■ :
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt infuses a continuous flow of
electricity into the body for hours at a time. Every moment
that the Belt is on the body its sparkling, vitalizing powers are -
felt penetrating the nerve tissues, filling them with new life,
new, healthy vigor, and charging the blood with the vital force
which nature in childhood bestowed upon the body. Thousands
of grateful patients testify to the curative powers of Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt. None are too well to be aided by this wonderful
appliance, as it : brings the human body as near the goal of per-
fection in vital force as it ever can get. None are too low to be
aided by it, as it can take as a foundation , the smallest spark of
vitality and build upon it the fullest perfection of vigorous man-
hood. If you are weak, sick or crippled see this Belt at once"
and a test of its power and a look at the volume after volume of
proof of its cures will convert you to the altar of nature's truths
and health will be yours from this wonderful appliance ■' '
; "Three Classes of Men" is Dr. Sanden's celebrated work on /
the development of youthful manhood. A pocket edition can ha
had free at the office; : 632 Market street/or by mail upon ™U>
tion. It gives full description and price list. Call or addrey /
SANDBN EIjBCTRIo Oo
horses should count 50 per cent and the
appointments 50 per cent.
Immediately after this event the gates
were thrown open for the entrance of the
picked teams of the San Francisco and
OaKland Fire Departments.
With thunderous tread the big horses ,
tore around the circuit, tugging hard and
furiously at the heavy fire engines, tha
| whitels of which sank several incnes into
the yielding tanbark as the animals swung
at full speed round the turns and plunged
into the straightaway.
It was simply an exhibition of the
teams that will regularly compete to
night for the several prizes offered in their
particular class and awarded by special
judges. For San Francisco there were
chemical 2, hose 14, engine 23, engine 2
and engine 14, and from Oakland came
engine 3 and engine 6.
Last upon the programme of the even
ing was the judging of fine jumping
ponies, class S3. This event proved a fit
ting iinalo to the second day of the horse
show. H. C. Breeden's Texas Sittings
took first prize, Cbnrles A. Baldwin's
j Tristan was awarded second prize
and Walter S. Hobart's Lady
Greensleeves took third prize. Lit
tle Tadpole, the pet of the ring, was, be
cause of his belonging to a particularly
diminutive class, awarded a special men
tion and a blue ribbon.
Ex-Queen L:lioukalani of the Hawaiian
Islands accepted a special invitation last
night frorA President Crocker, and will
thii evening be at the horse show. Box
47, in the center of the curve at ttie Larkin
street end of the Pavilion, has been re
served for her use.
Plants growing near the sea have thicker
leaves than those growing inland. Ap
parently the sea salt is the cause of this
phenomenon, as plants cultivated in
artificially salted soil yield thicker leaves^A HANDSOME
NEW BUILDING
The Spreckels Market Will
Open Up for Inspection
To-Day.
A; Fine Model of Neatness and
;.-.. Elegance in Every
Detail.
The. Old Bijou Theater Gives Place
..'" Ito a Largs and Costly
Structure.
•The new Bpreckels market opens up for
Inspection this afternoon and evening,
and to-morrow the tenants of this new
ami handsome place on Market street, di
recOy opposite Grant avenue, will begin
trnsiness. The market was especially
.fitted up for its present occupants, who
are amoug the more prominent merchants
in this City.
• No expense has been spared by Claus
sprecke!s, the owner of the building, to
make the establishment one of the pretti
est marketing places of modern architec
(tu-fe in all the country. Elaborate prep
arations have been made by tne various
departments for the occasion, and the
stalls have been dressed in most becoming
Btyle.
A special feature of this new and com
mbdious market is the lone and broad
aisle measuring 16 leet in width running
through the entire length of the market.
In tne rear of each stall there is an ele
vater running down to the basement, by
means of which goods are conveyed to the
lower floor and thence to the street, which
does away with the necessity of running
trucks through the market and incon
veniencing customers by the unnecessary
hustling about of clerks.
Each branch of business requiring it is
provided with a refrigerator. The massive
snow-white marble counters throughout
are a feature particularly worthy of men
tion, lendiug as they do to the complete
ness in appearance of the finish of the
place. During the daytime the market is
lichted by an expensive skylight and at
night a succession ot incandesent and arc
lights throughout the building set off the
interior ;n most artistic style.
, The sanitary arrangements of the insti
tution have been carefully supervised by
the most skilled mechanics in that line.
Among the new tenants of the market will
be the following well-known merchants:
Hammond & Brod, meats, fresh and
cured, wholesale and retail; C. M. Foster
& Co., fruits and produce; Richard Tidily,
poultry and game; A. W. Fink, butter,
eggs and provisions; A. Paiadini, fish, salt
and fresh; Bayle, Lbcwc & Co., tripe,
brains, etc.; Briare & Kenny, cafe and
oyster parlors; William S. Hawiey, coffee,
etc. All ol these enterprising firms are
well-known leaders in their respective
lines, and will no doubt make the Spreck
els market at once universally popular
and successful.
The Tile llooring.
The artistic tiled floor of the aisle of the
new market, running ihe entire length of j
the building, from street to street, wad
laid by Mangrum <fc Otter, incorporated,
< f '11 New Montgomery street, and is a
feature of the artistic arrangements of the
new building. It is of a white and gray
ish tint. Mr. Hanjjrum, president ot the
firm of Mangrum & Otter, incorporated,
personally superintended the construc
tion of the tiled floor, and it is conceded
by {ill woo have seen the work that it is
one oi tne finest things of its sort in this
city.
The tiles measure from two to four
inches square and are imaid on a concrete
foundation. A tloor of this character is
admirably adapted to a marketing place,
on account of its neatness and cleanliness
in appearance and the ease m keeping it
ortieriy.
This style of tiling, which is artistic,
neat and very substantial, is being
largely u-ed by Mangrum & Otter in most
all of trie large bnildings recently con
structed in this City as a pavement for
the hallways. It is also now being:
largely introduced into the arrangement
of tne bathrooms as well &s tlio entrances
to private dweliings.
The Refrigerating Plant.
As with all of the arrangements in this
new market, no pains or expense have
been spared in making the cooling-rooms
as perfect in their way as possible. It is
certainly the most modern of any on this
coast. The refrigerating plant is the M.
Dil.enberg type, made by the Cyclops Iron
Works. While there are several makes of
these plants, many of them very good, but
to complicated as to require the constant
attention of skilled labor, this machine
was selected by Hammond & Brod on ac
connt of its simplicity of construction and
ease of operation. Butchers will appre
ciate this fact, as the majority of them
cannot afford to hire engineers. That
Hammond & Brod were well pleased with
one of these machines of smaller size
which they had in use about five years is
proven "by the fact that they again se
lected this mane of larger capacity in
preference to ail others.
The Butchers' Department.
The largest department in the new mar
ket is occupied by the butcher. This de
partment is under the management of
Hammond & Brod, the well-known and
reliable wholesale and retail butchers.who
ior the past eighteen years have been lo
cated at 33-35 Fourth street. No more
popular and reliable firm in ail this city
could have been selected to fill the butcher
department than Hamrnona & Brod. The
trade of this firm is of the highest charac
ter. They supply the majority of the ex
clusive famines of this City, while most
Of the wel. -known downtown restaurants
come to them for their choice cuts.
The meats are stall fed ; they are fine in
fiber, juicy and appetizing; they excel in
healthful qualities. Beinu especially pre
pared to cater for fine trade the meats of
Wiis firm are neceosariiy of the choicest
qU The ly system these butchers have adopted
for storing their meats is modern in every
detaii From the Stevenson-street en
trance of the market meats are conveyed
by an overhead trolley. They are con
veyed over this system of trolley to the
butcher-stand, where they are received
and dispersed to the various departments
and hung tier over tier on a success!. an of
btetl books. Mr. Hammond, the senior
member of the firrr is a merchant of much
prominence. Besides being pres.den t of
,he Butchers' Board of Trade he has qaite
frequently figured prominently beiore the
public in Various ways. He is a man of
great executive ability, which, coupled
with the support of bli feilow-butchers.
has brought to the liont toe Butchers
Board of Trade.
Dairy Produce Department.
y A. W. Fink, one of the oldest wholesale
and retail dealers in dairy produce in this
City, occupies an extensive and hand
somely arranged stall in the new Spreckels
market.
In the selection of a geaeral produce
dealer to fill this department in the new
market, no better choice could have beeu
The New Spreckels Market Recently Erected on the Site of the Old Bxjou Theater.
made than the well-known, enterprising
and reliable merchant, A. W. Fink. His
reputation extends far and wide and bis
patrons are confined mostly to those of
select class.
Mr. Fink has occupied a department in
the Washington market for the past
twenty-five years, where he has dealt ex
tensively, as is W6ll known by almost
every housewife in the City, in butter,
eggs, cheese, honey, olives and fish. He
is also agent for the famous D. D. Wilder's
creamery butter. As well as catering
largely to hotels, not alone in this City,
but all over the country, his trade extends
even to the other continent, where he has
on his books as customers the Hongkong
Club at Hongkong and the Grant Hotel
in Yokohama.
Mr. Fink, although now occupying an
extensive department in the new Spreck
els marset, will also retain his old place
in the Washington market. The necessity
of another branch to his line of business
by reason of his constant increase of trade
became evident some time ago, but owing
to the inability in securing an appropri
ate place has until now been almost im
possible, and it will be with much satis
faction that Mr. Fink's many -customers
will learn of the fact that he has estab
lished a branch in a more central part of
town.
iJavidsiin & Miller.
The entire second floor of the new build
ing will ba occupied by the well-known
tirm of Davidson & Miller, the wholesale
manufacturers of ladies' and children's
cloaks and suits.
No firm in all the country enjoys a
wider and better reputation as the manu
facturer, and, in fact, almost the only
manufacturer of up-to-date styles in tneir
particular line of goods. Owing to the
constantly increasing trade of Davidson
&, Miller, the firm has found it necessary
to extend their workshops and salesrooms
to much greater proportions than tneir
present premises at 121 Post street per
mit of.
In the new Spreckels building the en
tire floor which they are to occupy meas
ures 60x165 feet. The reception-rooms,
the salesrooms, the workshop and every
other department in their new home will
be arraneed most artistically, with every
attention being paid to modern architec
ture.
Mr. Miller, the senior member of the
firm, has been a resident of this City for
over twenty-three years. He w»>s at one
time connected with the old California
CJoak Company, and since then he has
formed the partnership in the above firm.
Beatsuraut and Grillroom.
The restaurant and grillroom of the
New Spreckels Market will be conducted
by Briare & Kenny. Mr. Briare is well
known on the Pacific Coast, more partic
ularly so, however, in hotel circle?, having
been connected at various times with
many of the prominent caravansaries
throughout the State. Mr. John Kenny
was for many years prominently identified
in the liquor business in this city, and
will serve only the finest liquors in the
restaurant. In point of artistic arrange
ment and modern design the restaurant
and grillroom are not to be surpassed in
the State. On the lower floor is the gen
tleman's grillroom, the bar and cafe.
There is also a stool lunch counter and
an extensive department for the sale of
oysters. An elaborate oak stairway leads
to the upper floor, where thero are two
handsomely arranged ladies' dining
rooms elegantly finished in oak, a ladies'
parlor and a number of small dining
rooms seDarated from the other parlors by
richly draped portieres. The market build
ing will be open at niebt time? to
give access to the grill and restaurant
which undoubtedly will be well patronized.
Poultry and Game.
The second department from the Mar
ket-street door in the east wing of the new
Spreckels market will be occupied by Rich
ard Tiddy, the well-known and reliable
poultry and game man, who has occupied
stalls in the Bay City Market for the past
fifteen years. The reputation this gentle
man has gained for the tine quality of the
poultry and game that he handles is too
well known to require any extended com
rcendation.
His patrons are among the most select
society of this Lity, while he caters also
largely to the hotels and restaurants.
It i» safe to state that the extent of Mr.
Tiiidy's business is probably larger than
any oilier dealer in poultry and game in
San Francieco. The reputation mat this
gentleman Dears for his honesty and in
tegrity has been the result of years of
catering to the public, who have learned
to appreciate that when they want the
best that the market affords in poultry
and game Mr. Richard Tiddy is the mar
ketman that handles it. Besides selling
at retail he sells largely to the trade.
The Fish Department.
A. Paiadini, probably the oldest whole
sale'and retail fish-dealer in this City, will
occupy the fish department in the new
market. Mr. Paiadini has been in the fish
business* in San Francisco for the past
twenty-seven years. He numbero among
his customers all the principal hotels ana
boarding-houses in town, as well as cater- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
ing almost to the exclusion of any other
fish-dealer to the steamship trade in this
harbor.
Besides the new branch in the Spreckels
Market, Mr. Paiadini will retain his stalls
in the new Washington Market and the
San Frar.cisco Market. His object in es
tablishing a branch in the new uptown
market has been for the purpose of having
a branch in a more centrally located Dart
of the City for the convenience of his
many patrons. Mr. Paiadini has his own
line of fishing-boats which he operates.
.An Important Department,
Perhaps the most satisfactory way to
establish the quality of an article is to
I give the public a practical demonstration
jof its merit. This, of course, can only be
! done where the goods can stand such a
test. In illustration of this idea William
S. Hawley, formerly with Siegel, Cooper
& Co. ol Chicago, has opened an elnganc
exhibit at the new Spreckels market for
the purpose of exhibiting and jelling
Hills Bros.' "Arabian Roast," tne coffee
j that received • nine gold medals at the
| Midwinter Fair. "Mexomoka" is also
handled by the exhibitor and served for
sample.
Brown's Celery Phosphate, the great
nerve, blood and brain tonic, is another
feature handled by this concern and served
in sample.
Hilis' coffee and Brown's Celery Phos
phate are articles too well known to re
quire any commendation.
Fraiti and Produce.
C.M.Foster, the well-known and old
time merchant of this City, will occupy
the fruit and produce department in the
new market. For the past twelve years
Mr. Foster has catered to the most select
trade in the old Center Market, at the
corner of Sutter street and Grant avenue.
Many of the old customers of this popular
merchant will be pleased to hear th:tt he
has once again started up in business after
a temporary suspension of a few months.
Bayle, Lacoste & Co.
The department for the sale of tripe,
brains, sweetbreads, etc., will be occupied
by the well-known firm of Bayie, Lacoste
& Co. This firm is the only wholesale
dealer in this particular line of goods on
the coast and as a natural conseouence do
an enormous business in their line. Be
sides their several branches in thia City
they nave agencies in Alameda County.
They are extensive shippers of goods all
over the world.
TWO-YEAR-OLD STAKE EVENTS.
Bich Prizes to Ye Kun For at Ingleside'a
Spring Meeting.
Secretary W. S. Leake of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club announces the follow
ing new stakes to be contested for at
Ingleside during the spring meeting of
1897. Entries will close on January 15.
The White Seal stakes-A sweepstake for two
year-old fillies (foals of 1895). Entrant--- $10
each, to accompany the nomination; $25 ad
ditionnl to start. The association to guarantee
the value of the sinke— slooo to the first, s2oo
to the secorid ana $100 to tne third horse. A
winner of three or more races of any value
to carry three pounds penalty. Maidens
beaten three or more times a lowed five
pounds; If unplaced, eight pounds. i>our fur
longs.
Tne Schrelber stakes— A sweepstakes for
two-y;ar-old colts and geldings (loals of 18D5).
Eutrance $10 each to accompany the nomina
tion; $25 additional to start. The association
to guarantee the value of the stake— slooo to
the first, $200 to the second and $100 ;o the
third hor~e. A winner of three or more roces
of any value to carry three pounds penalty ;
maidens beaten three or more times al.owed
five pounds; if unplaced, eight pounds. Four
furlong".
The Ullman stakes— A selling sweepstakes
for two-year-olds (foals of 1895). Entrance
$10 each to ae.CGm;iany the nomination; $25
additional to start. The association to guaran
tee the vaiue of the stake— slooo to the first,
$200 to the secoud and $100 to the third
horse. Tne winner to be sold at auction for
$'j;000; ii entered to be soid ior less one pound
allowed for each $100 down to $1000, and two
pounds for each $100 less to $700. Starters to
be named and s-iling unce stated through the
entry-box at the usual hoar of closing, the
evening preceding the race. Beaten horses
not liable to claim. Four and a half furlongs.
The Aiidrous stakes— Sweepstakes for two
year-olds; foals ox 1895. Entrance $10 each,
to accompany the nomination, $25 additional
to start. The association to guarantee the
value of the stake— slooo to the first, $200 to
the second and $100 to the third horse. A
winner of ». sweepstakes race of any value to
carry three pounds, ol two or more rive pounds
penalty. Horses that have started in a sweep
stakes "race aud have not been placed allowed
fiye poundß, maidens beaten three or more
times allowed ten pounds. Four and a half
fnr,onjr3.
The Corrigan stakes— A handicap sweep
stakts for two-year-olds (foals of 1895). En
trance $10 escii to accompany this nominn
tion; $25 additional to start. The association
to guarantee the value of the stake— slooo to
the first, $200 to the second and $100 to the
third horse. Weights to appear three days
prior to the day appointed ior the race. Start
ers to be named through the entry-box at the
usual hour of closing the evening preceding
the race. Five furlocgs.
Stole a Man* Clothes.
T. L. Schulk was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Gibson and Wren, on
a charge of petty larceny. He stole two suits
of clothes and an overcoat from J. Pealer, 502
Post street, on December 7, and sold them.
The articles were recovered in a pawnshop on
Mission street, near Fourth.
MILK STATIONS
NOT SUCCESSFUL
Adulterants Put In After
the Inspection Is
Over.
An Early Morning Raid That
Developed Some Startling
Features.
The Present Syst?m Is Not Satisfac
tory to the Larger Dairy-
Owners,
A raid made early yesterday morning by
the Food and Milk Inspector of the Board
of Health, assisted by a number of subor
dinates, developed the fact that the new
inspection stations established by tho
Health Department are a failure as far as
milk is concerned, and that in order to in
sure pure milk for the City some other
scheme must be devised.
Attorney J. B. Reinstein, who, assisted
by the food and Milk Inspector, planned
the stations and their methods of opera
tion, did not go deep enough into the sub
j ct to fi^ura on what might happen to
milk between the time when it left the
station and when it was delivered to cus
tomers.
That it might easily be adulterated at
the first horsetrough after getting out of
sight of the station was called to the at
tention of the board, but the plans mapped
out were adhered to.
To see how well its expensive stations
were doing the work for which they were
designed, the board ordered the inspector
out yesterday morning and about sixty
loads of milk that had been passed at the
stations were stood up and examined.
The inspection was not confined to any
one locality, and the result was far from
assuring to tne board. Wagons were
slopped in the Mission, on Kearny street
and North Beach, and in each case sus
picious milk was found.
In one cose, a wagon from the Pioneer
dairy, the Health Department employes
were so certain that t lie miik was adulter
ated that they dumped twenty-tire callona
into the street. A warrant will be sworn
out for the members of the firm of Kav
anaugh & Co., owners of the dairy, and an
attempt made to have the license of the
concern revoked.
Saven other samples were taken, and in
case close analysis shows adulteration
warrants will be served on the firms in
volved.
A well-known dairyman, who has $40,
-000 invested in ibe business and who lor
obvious reasons did not desire his name
used, said yesterday that the present sys
tem of milk inspection was a farce.
"This Board of Health has made a great
fuss over its milk inspection system," he
said, "when, as a matter of fact, it is a
failure, and this morning's raid shows it
to be such. What is to prevent a driver
from taking his load to the station, get
ting a nice little card showing that his
milk is all right and then going around
the corner and putting in as much water
as he wants?
"Those who have big money in the busi
ness and are looking for reputation want
to see some kind of an efficient inspection
system, not such as is now used.
"This raid of the inspectors demon
strates either tnat the inspection stations
are useless, because impure milk is allowed
to pass, or that the system is wrong, be
cause it allows drivers to adulterate milk
before it is delivered to customers."
Sinaihcti a Window.
J. A Hudson, 40 years of age, who gives his
occupation as a horseman, threw a rock at a
large plateglftss window in the Cale Royal,
Fourth and Market streets, early yesterday
mor;;mg, smasnine it in piece*. He was
arrested by l'oliceman Beach on the cha-ge of
ma>lcious mischief. Yesterday morning he
appeared In Judpe Low's court and the case
was continued until to-lay.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The fie- /9
limn* Slff y/fT/f -s? — ; »* « '?'
STREETS WILL BE
AS LIGHT AS DAY?
The Leading Thoroughfares
Have the Improving
Spirit.
Business Men Are Moving for
Material Benefits and Will
Have Them.
Kearny, Powell md Larkin Streets and
Montgomery Avenue Raise the
Banner of Progress.
The spirit of improvement is abroad.
Ther merchants and property-owners are
vying with each other in the matter of
getting their respective thoroughfares
into fine shape, first lighting and then
preparing to pave.
Since the pioneer movement on Polk
street has accomplished so much in this
line, other business streets have followed,
and now the public are made aware that
Larkin, Ninth, Fillmore, Sixth, Fourth,
Kearny, Stocatou, Powell streets and
Montgomery avenue have all joined in
the cyclone of progress and improvements
by a general illumination of their thor
oughfares and a determination to have
better streets, better stores, and, in brief,
to have a general street-cleaning and a
wiping away of accumulated drowsiness
and lethargy which had been permitted to
overshadow the City too long.
The hotel-keepers aud business men on
Powell street, from Market to Geary, have
also caught the influence of the progressive
wave and are now talcing steps to bring
this portion into the van of improvement
by taking the initiative of forming a
Powell-street club.
The prime movers in this scheme are J.
J. Gottlob and S. H. Friedlander of the
Columbia Theater, Haub Brothers, Royal
Eagle Distillery Company, Columbia
Woolen Mills, Green Brothers. W. H.
Harrison, Hilbert Brothers, M. A. Steen,
Ortion & Gerharut, B. M. Stichmore,
Golden West Hotel and the proprietors of
tne Baldwin.
With those names as promoters others
cheerfully acquiesced on short notice until
the proposition assumed a business shape
which will be carried into practical opera
tion within a few days.
The objects of the promoters are that
Powell street on the blocks covered by the
prospectus shall assume a business aspect
and be liberally illuminated by arc lights.
The members of the Larkin-street Im
provement Club met at 1017 Larkin street,
President Dr. £. E. Hill in the chair.
Nathan Bibo and Secretary Dross from
the Polk-street Club were present by invi
tation, and expressed their views aud
promised the hearty co-operation of their
club with the Larkin-street impro\ement
as now contemplated. W. T. Kibbler, J.
S. Jacobs, C. A. Bantel, the committee on
lights, reported that they appeared before
the Street Committee of the Supervisors
and presented a joint petition with ihe
Polk-street Club lor the privilege of put
ting ud poles on the streets mentioned, by
which the Mutual Light Company might
be permitted to compete with other light
i-upplying companies.
The president appointed W. T. Kibbler,
O3car Moses, M. Stern, F. F. Harris and
C. S. Jacobs on the executivo committee.
Messrs. Maggarts and Riding made a
strong plea for the removal of all wooden
sidewalks on Larkin street.
F. F. Harris stated that in an interview
with Greer Harrison of the Lurline Baths
that gentleman assured the club of his
hearty co-operation of the improvement
and would, he thought, have the rights
extended as far as Bush street.
The contemplated lighting of Kearny
street has taken a new turn, and instead
of its end being at Broad way 1 a change has
been made by the urgent request of the
business people on Montgomery avenue
from Kearny to Green street.
In order to afford thisextension the Dro
moters of the Kearny-street improvement
scheme have called a halt in opening the
illumination, which was intended to be
held on 10-morrow evenin , until Satur
day, the 18ih. On this day the Grand
Lodge of Masons will lay the foundation
s:one for the new Hall of Justice on
Kearny street. This, with the grand
demonstration at night, will mark this
day as one of considerable note in the
minds of those participating in the cere
monies.
Enthusiasm increases in the Stockton
etreet Improvement Club as the day for
its electric light celebration approaches.
At a meeting held last evening at 1408
Stockton street the light committee re
ported tnat arrangements wito the Mer
chants' Association had been completed
and the street would be lighted from Pa
cific to Green, a distance of three blocks,
with seven lights suspended in the center
of the thoroughfare. The undertak'n.
will be completed on the 19 :h inst, and in
the evening a demonstration will be held.
The canvassing committee reported suc
cess in obtaining subscriptions, and after
soma discussion it vns decided to make
the club's members, forty-seven la num
ber, a committee to solicit subscriptions.
The fact that three licht* more are neces
sary to brilliantly light the street, seven
not being sufficient, led up to the consoli
dation of the club as a soliciting commit
tee. Considerable money to purchase
fireworks, procure bands and decorate the
buildines on the Initiation of the new
light system was procured, and all are
anxious for the evening of the 19th to
come round, that they may see the result
of their labor oi weeks.
EXPLORED RUSSIAN WILDS
The Country Alone the Great Siber an
Road Bich in All Kinds of
Minerals.
D. V. Ivanov and Peter Kulatuhof,
members of the Russian Geological Sur
vey, who have been for a long time past
examining in a scientific way into the
mineral resources of Siberia along the
route of the Great Siberian Railroad,
arrived here yesterday on their way to St.
Petersburg.
They traveled a vast distance of moun
tain region. Their duty was to explore
the country for 100 miles on tho strip
along which the road runs or is surveyed,
so as to get a good idea of what the coun
try afforded.
"We found it a wonderful country, both
in point of scenery and in its resources
of gold, silver, copoer, lead, coal and other
minerals," said one of the gentlemen.
"It was all that we could have desireii.
We collected many specimens oi different
kinds of ore, which we are taking back
with us to St. Petersburg.
"Besides the minerals there are enor
mous areas of magnificent agricultural
lands, available chiefly for growing wheat,
oats, barley and other cereals and
vegetables. The great rivers of the coun
try afford fine opportunities for com
mercial development. It has a thousand
interests that can only be alluded to."
The Russian explorers will probably
remain here but a few days.
Not a Barmaid.
James Lucy, proprietor of the grocery-store
and saloon at the corner of Harriett and Bry
ant streets, where his sister, Miss Kate Lucy,
was slightly wounded in the face by a shot
from a revolver fired by Matthew Burke, as
serted thftt his sister is not a barmaid and
was not employed at the place. According to
Mr. Lucy's statement his sister had just
brought In his supper from 821 Bryant street,
and was requested to stay behind the counter
a minute winle he stepped out on au errand.
It was during this briof attendance that the
shooting scene oucured.
THE HUDELSON LIBEL.
The Defendant Gives His Testimony as
to Wood'.vorth'n Proposed Mining
Deal.
The hearing of the libel suit against
Benjamin F. Hudelson, which was contin
ued in Judge Campbell's court yesterday
afternoon, attracted a large audience,
among them being several ladie?.
The proceedings were enlivened by re
peated interchanges of a personal charac
ter between the attorney for the defendant
and D. B. Woodworth. the complaining
witness, and at one time the defendant
asked the protection of the court from
Woodworth's slanderous allusions and,
looking at Woodworth, told him signifi
cantly that if tiny were made on the
street he would know how to protect him
self. Rev. Donald M. Ross was an inter
ested spectator and repeatedly whispered
in Woodworth's ear.
The defendant took the stand and con
tinued his testimony. At the second in
terview he bad with Woodworth and Rev.
D. M. Ross, on March 31, one of them
suggested that defendants should take an
interest in the mining property. Wood
worth did not have the report with him,
but brought it next day. It confirmed
suspicions that defendant had formed,
and he told Woodworth it was strange that
he should come to him asking for $55,000
on such a mining property. W T oodworth
replied that he and Ross had been corre
sponding about it, ana Ross had told him
he could get the money without any
trouble. Woodworth expatiated on what
he had done in Canada as a political
leader and manipulator, and how easy it
was to get money from men who had
political aspirations, such as John D.
Spreckels.
Defendant said to him, "Do you expect
me to go to John D. Spreckels and prom
ise him the support of the American Pro
tective Association in consideration of his
buying this mining property ?' ' and Wood
worth said "yes." Defendant said he
would do nothing of the kind, and told
Woodworth he should have no trouble in
disnosing of the property to mining men.
Finally, Woodworth, who appeared to be
very nervous, left the report to be type
written, and after his departure defendant
sent for M. T. Brewer and C. W. Kyle and
told them of Woodworth's proposition.
Next day Woodworth called, and in
Brewer's presence defendant returned
him the report and said lie was satisfied it
was a dishonest proposition. Woodworth
started to his feet and left the office. Ou
April 3 Woodworth again called with the
affidavit of ri. F. Marshall, which was the
first time defendant had heard of it
Woodworth spoke about bein^ nearly
insane at the possibility of such a great
opportunity to mate money slipping
through his hands, and finailv said that
if defendant would goto John D. Spreckels
and get $17,000 ihe balance could be ar
ranged, and he dictated the proposition.
Defendant said, "What about that con
temptible affidavit of Marshall?" and
Woodworth replied that if defendant
would cet the money from John D.
Spreckels Marshall would make another
afndavit that the other affidavit was false
and would lake the first boat going to
Africa and never would be heard of again.
Defendant tnen said it was a contemptible
proposition and every man connected
with it was a blackmailer.
Wood won h said owen 3 had seen Mar
shall's affidavit, and said it was true. De
fendant replied if Owens said so he, too,
was a blackmailer. Woodworth got mad
and said: "We will publish thi?, which
will disrupt the association and ruin you
and your children." He then left the
office and defendant had not seen him
from tnat time till the other day, when he
was wi.h the policeman who served the
warrant.
Wood worth commenced his cross-exam
ination of defendant, when an araumetit
was precipitated as to the almis.-ibilHy of
the defendant's testimony taken at tiie trial
of Rev. D. M. Ross before the judiciary
board ot the association, and it was not
concluded when an adjournment was
taken till Monday afternoon.
CHEAP MEXICAN LABOB.
New Zacatecas H nes Which San Fran-
Cisco Capitalists Are Developing.
Amoii^ the arrivals at the Palace is Juan
Goldman, a leading mining man of Zaca
ter-as, Mexico, who is interested in large
gold propeities in connection with Major
Rathbun ot this City and a syndicate of
capitalists in the City of Mexico.
One of the mines is the San Luis del
Oro, which is a well-known property in
that part of Mexico.
"I sold a good part of this mine some
time since to Mexican capitalists," said
Mr. Goldman yesterday. 'It ia a very
fine mine and worth fully $500,000. It is
producing about, eighty tons of ore a day,
which produce an ounce a ton in gold and
about eight ounces in silver.
"We are employing a force of about 400
native miners, for whom we pay 50 cents
each a day. Zacatecas has direct com
munication by rail, and the trip from San
Francisco only takes four days.
"The mines we are working are only
three miles from Zacatecas, a city of
60,000. The town is at an altitude of 8000
feet, and we have some snow there. I
will be in this City two or three weeks.' 1
The properties to which Mr. Goldman
alluded are all quartz.
LET THERE BE LIGHT.
Twenty Millions to Bo Invested in
Carrying Out That Edict.
The consolidation of the bie gas and
electric light companies of San Francisco
has been accomplished, and the articles of
incorporation wre filed yesterday. The
name of the new company is the ban
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, and
the capital stock is fixed at $20,000, 000.
This organization will succeed to the
business of the San Francisco Gaslight
Company and of the Edison Electric-light
Company. Among the incorporaiors are
such leading men as J. B. Crockett, Adam
Grant, Levi Straus^, George W. Prescott,
P. J. Donahue, J. Downey Harvey, D. T.
Murphy, H. H. Pangburn and James B.
Stetson.
NEW TO-DAY.
IJIYOrISr
RHEUMATISM
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harmless and a strong
tonic in building up the weak and debili-
tated. It cures acute or muscular rhsu-
matism ia from one to live days. Sharp,
shooting pains in any part of the body
stopped by a few doses. A prompt, com-
plete and permanent cure for lameness ,
serenes*, stiff back and all pains in hips
and loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one to two doses, and almost invariably
cures before one bottle has bee > used.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all,
forms of kidney disease.
Munyon's Vitalizer, price $1.
A separate specific for each disease. At
all druggists', mostly 25 cents a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, PJaiiadelDhia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice lor any disease.
DUFFY'S PURE P-
ro^EDICINACUSE
; NO FUSEL OIL
Keeps the Blood moving
briskly and this prevents
Congestion. Nothing to
equal it for coughs and
colds. Send for pamphlet
to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
Medical and Surgical Offices
DR. COOK
This distinguished physician and sur<-
Keon, permanently located in San Fran-
cisco, continues to treat with nnequaled
success all special diseases of both sexes.
I Scientific examinations carefully con-
ducted 'Under the X - RAY, and
ELECTRICITY given when bene-
ficial results may ba thereby obtained.
The - worst cases solicited, and perfect
cures guaranteed.
Women
Always receive from Doctor Cook polite at-
tention, as veil as positive cures, for tne
Falling 1 or. Displacement of - the Womb,
Painiul, - Irregular, Scanty or Profuse
Menses, Periodical Headaches, Leucorrhoea,
Nervousness. Hysteria and other distress-
ing ailments peculiar to their sex. Ho
builds up their broken-down constitutions
and insures to them their natural health,
strength and beauty.
Men.
Young, Middle- Aged and Old, who hare
violated the laws of nature. You are now
.. reaping the result of your former folly.
Many of you have Kieht Emissions, Ex-
hausting Drains.lmpotency, Pimples, Nerv-
• ousness, Sleeplessness. Bashfulness, .De-
. spondency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition or
- similar symptoms. In brief, your Body,
Brain and >e:cual Organs . have become
weak.< Doctor Cook can restore to you what
.you have lost— YOUR PRECIOUS MAN-
HOOD. He can fit you for pleasure, study,
business or marriage.
Private. . .
Disorders of every name and nature, such.
■ as Gouorrhcea, Gleet, Stricture, Syphilis,
•Varicocele. Hydrocele, Atrophy or the
• wasting away of the organs, completely
cure.l by Doctor Cook in the shortest pos-
. sible time. •
Internal Organs.
. ' All Functional Diseases of the Heart.Lungs,
Liver, Stomach. Kidneys, Bladder and Urin-
ary Organs; diseases of the Eye, Ear, Xo-e
and Throat; disea-esof the Blood and Skin:
„ , niM) Piles, Fistula, Rheumatism. Rupture
; and Chronic Calami permanently cured
by the Ik tost and best methods known to
medical science.
Mail.
By this means you can at once describe
' your troubles to Doctor Cook if living at ■ a
distance and unable to visit his office.
Home treatment always satisfactory. . A
' new aud valuable book devoted to diseases
;.". of. men sent free. Office hours: 9 to 12
a. M.and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sunday,
from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR COOK,
865 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite Baldwin Hotel). ''."■'? ■*•
tj^ [ t% IJP £r£y^
j£AW(tv
■««m\ll S w 9
18 THE ' VERY ' BEST (INK TO EXAMISS
your eyes and tit them . to Spectacles and Ey«.
(rlasees with Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled, JAy au*
cess has been due to the merit* o! u.y wort.
Office Hours— Ii Mir. M. -
I DR. G-TTY ■ ia_i
hERB PHYSICIAN of the _J jOßfr-^
FLOWERY KINGDOM. MgKLW v ~
rj kis at- g kka t cmx- t^sisMS!*
XI nence and learning, t'^> ;aiU '* ! *ae
having long experience iv Hr 1
the Imperial ' Hospitals of Ym^ '■''i% I
China. He lias practiced \ "zZr /TZT U
his profession ia America ft ■***• ,^* ■
for 18 years and cored tiiou- VI -f '*■ r
Bands of sick and afflicted. \i ***•» P
Up guarantees a cure of all - \ fc^ps_ /
diseases of men, women V /
ana children where cure li . M*S>^ _^C
possible. No matter if oth- jtts&Z™' -"^^«L»_
era have failed to cure yon, * ! k3s£s!)>>~r<&'ft&
try DR. GUY. Everybody 1^
Invited to call/. Consults- '"^
tioDFKES. Offices— B2l KEARNY ST., between
Washington and Jackson. _^^__^
X2XjX2OT:EI.XO BELTS
PA re good, things if prop-
ffilWii'lSi A&\ erly made; but there U
ikKSSlv^KvMaf^ no sense in paying ahl?a
•^yyAp«^y^^TtNß ' price . for a poor artiola
■^ r - ' . f!^B .simply becans- some aJ-
Wfer^-^iife^-^wß ' vertising "quack" a*
HUMbftFyß§fff>P^ manda It. .my no Bel:
< Ssts&f&&4oS- till you see Pierces.
'wW.'fJ; :J3K«SW S asr Book Free. CaU or
{• <Cf^ address I>K. PIJSxCB
& SON, 704 Sacramento
V :s^>t, W * at., cor. Kearny,: Si, If.
Branch Office 610 MarHet su. & F.
, Baja California ; .
Damiana Bitters
I'sXa ■-' powerful,! aphkodisiac; and
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of1)Oth " sexes, »nd a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and -bladder.-. A. streai Restorative,
InvtftarMor and Nervine Bella ou its own ileriis ;
no long-wladed testimonials nece-sary. '^ -
' NABEK, AL.FS & l'.lttNK, Agents,
333 Market St., S.F.— 'Send for Circular)
•m m ■■ j| ■% 'i ,: A • laxative refreshing : for
T U m U Si fruit lozenge,
'Braßlirial • very acreeable to take.
..-■ v. ■ •-,' CONSTIFATION
N- hemorrhoids, bile,
loss of appetite, gastric and
intestinal troubles and -
headache arising
from them.
Urn I 3 I All Rue lies Archives! Part*
1* X 1 I M 33 Rue dcs Archives, Part*
U It I Ib Ib W II bold by all Prui'sist*.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Fliver unchanged^
Shipment of $87 6,320 to China.
Wheat and Barley about the same,
Oats, Corn and Bye dull.
Hay and Feedstußs unchanged.
Candles lower.
Potatoes doing better. Onions steady.
■Butter and Eggs weakening. Cheese unchanged.
Turkeys lower. Game declined.
Grapes scarce. Apples plentiful.
Dried Fruits still dull.
Oranges Inactive and weak.
Provisions quiet. -^
Hides weak and dull.
Increased Revenue collections.
Marked gain In Exports.
Increased shipments of Specie.
Heavy exports Of Breadstuffs.
Wool dull.
CANNED GOODS AND DRIED FRUITS
Light Stocks Generally Rule, but Trade
Is Dull.
The Cutting Packing Company's circular says:
SALMON— market since the opening has
evinced a strong upward tendency, especially, for
Alaska, which is selling at $1 05 in carload los
to Eastern points. Stocks in first hands very
light. Tlie jobbing trade locallr is fairly supplied,
while the trade East apparently ha* a light stock,
due to heavy export shipments. The low-priced
Washington salmon is a lactor in keeping price*
down, however, and we do not look for much
higher prices.
Columbia River continues at old quotations.
The pack of fall salmon there is very short—prac
tically a failure— which Is a good thing, as a great
many deaers are deluded Into ouylng It for
choice spring salmon, to the detriment of honest
packers of sprint: Chinook.
CANNED FRUITS— There has been no change
of special interest in the market during the pant
month. Business has been comparatively quiet
all along tbe line, every one waiting until after
stock-taking before making further purchases.
Apricots— Extra grades are in light supply at
full prices; standards can be shaded, although the
stock In first bands is only about half the quan
tity carried at the same date last year, while sec
onds are in light supply and are selling at full
prices.
Chkbbiks— All grades of white are in light sup
ply and barely sufficient to supply the trade
wants: stock of black is ample.
Peaches— stock remaining In first hands is tbe
li-hteti known for several years at this season.
The market Is strong with an upward tendency.
Lemon Clings are practically closed out.
Peabs— Demand for extras has been very heavy
&nd slocks are pretty well cleaned up; standards
and seconds are in light supply, at firm prices.
We \aa'< for quite an advance early in the spring.
PLUMS— Stock in flrsl bands is light, especially
Green Gages: market ii strong with an upward
tendency, sical lruit and gallon goods of all
varieties ar: in light supplr.
TOMATOES— Trier* was less doing the past
week. Market continues firm, however, on both
'2,1.:, pounds and gallons, due to advices from the
Bust. Prospects are cood fora strong and advanc
ing market in the coming spring.
DKIED FRUITS— Trade very quiet, due to
usual dullness preceding the doing of tbe year.
blocks in all lines are very light and we loot for a
bare marker some time before new fruits are
ready. Prices hive been tairly maintained, and
while there lias been a slight drop from lack of
buyers, with the spring trade and light supplies
they will advance somewhat over present values-
Apricots— Prims range from 7% to 10c ac
cording 10 quality.
Pkachks— Firmer than any other fruits and are
held at 6%c for choio -. 7 to 8c for extra choice.
Raisins— Prices liave been firmly maintained,
and the crop, a llgnt one, being very largely- con
sumed at this date, there Is promise of a strong
advance in the spring-. Output from Fresno Dis
trict, about 1800 cars against an Average of about
8500 for three preceding years.
Prt'nes— Market is -very dull and price easy at
S%u basis for the four sizes. The crop is not a
heavy one and runs very strongly 60— 80s, con
sequently, the smallest and largest sizes are in
lignt supply.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections in November In
cluded $41,056 for Beer. $155,860 for Spirits and
916.227 for Cigars and Cigarettes, and amounted
to $220,075, against $169,8j4 In -November, 1895.
For tbe first eleven months Of the year the collec
tions were $2,160,781, against $J,fclH,Bts7 for the
same period In 1895.
SPECIE SHIPMENTS.
Shipments of specie from this port thus far this
year amount to $24,508,899, against $23,305,450
during the si mo time in 1895, as follows: Silver
Burs. $5,037,358 Mexican Dollars, $5,313,797:
Gold 1 otti, $11,537,604, the other descriptions
being small.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Doric took out a treasure list of $876,320,
consisting of 5659.910 in Mexican Dollars, $2385
in Gold Coin, $200,995 In Silver Bullion and $20UO
In I'eruvlun Soles.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port during the
first 11 months of 1896 were $3& 123.8 00. against
530.120 400 for the same perloii in 1895. The ex
port trade this year has been the largest for si x
years. Great Britain took goods valued at $14,
-616,200, Hawaiian Islands 256, 500, Australia
*3.559.500, Central America >" 3. 069, 100, China
*2,707.90u and Japan $1,983,400.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of flour from this port during the first
11 months of 1896 amounted to 1,040,369 bbls,
eeair.Et 859 594 bbls during the same period in
1895. Rtdccing this flour to a wheat basis and
adding it to the exported wheat gives total ex
ports of breadstuff for the 11 months of 14.101,
-t>7o ctls, valued at 173.600. against 12,600,
-000 ctls. valued at $11. .200, forthe same pe
riod In 1895. This year's experts are the heaviest
for live years.
Explanation.
Tbe arrow flies with the wind. The top flguret
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it. If any, tbe amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom of equal air pressure; Iso
therm!*, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high in tha Interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable*
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. . The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHtR BUREAU REPORT. '
United States Department of, Agbicui/
tube, vv'eathkb bureau, San fbasjcisco, Dec.
lU, 1896, 5 f. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Kureka 14.38 inches, last season 10.42 Inches;
FINANCIAL..
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHKELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
I K.NTKA 1, OFFICB
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5821.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). Tel. Main 339.
PCRDY & ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market ono>
tatlons. Keierence Ist National Sank, 8. F.
Red Fluff 5.62 Inches, last season 4.70 inches;
San Francisco 6.76 inches. last season 2.87 inches;
Fresno 3.02 inches last season .41 of an inch:
i-an Lu's Obispo 4.69 Inches, last season 3.32
inches: Los Angeles 2.90 inches, last season 1.03
Inches; an Diego 2.0/ Inches, last season 1.31
Inches; Yuma 1.10 lnchej, lust sea.-ou .32 of an
inch.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 49, mean 63. '
1 he pressure still continues highest in Utah and
Southern Idaho, and Is lowest In the British pos
sessions north of Montana. There has been a gen
eral fail in pressure throughout the region em
braced ' by the weather map during the past
twelve hours, except In Washington and Northern
Oregon, where It has begun to r se. The greatest
fall In pressure west of the Rocky Mountains has
occurred In .Nevada and southern Idaho, which has
been ■ accompanied by . considerably warmer
weather throughout Nevada. The temperature
will commence to fall In that region Friday, and
decidedly colder . weather is expected .Friday
night. \
i at ii has been general throughout Western
Washington and Oregon and cloudy weather ex
tends sou: hward as far as Central California.
Rains are likely to occur to-night as Jar southward
as Cape Mendoclno. It Is hardly expected thai it
will reach **an Francisco. I
Forecast made at ban Francisco for 30 hours
ending midmgnt December 11, 1896:
Northern California— Fair in the southeast por
tion, cloudy in the i.ortiuvest portion and probably
rain In the extreme north portion day; cooler
In the east portion triday; fresh southerly winds
in north portion. ,
southern California— Fair to-night and Friday;
light northerly to westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair in e,oiuh portion, cloudy in north
portion, but generally without rain: cooler In
extreme west portion Friday.
Utah— Fair and probably warmer Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
Friday, but probably without rain: brisk westerly
winds. W. H. Mammon. Forecast Official,
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Dec. 10.— Business was
quiet, the transactions footing up only 119,411
shares. During the early trading the market was
characterized by strength. London advices were
more favorable, and at the start the foreigners
bought moderate amounts' of St. Paul and Read-
Ing. The' advance In prices, while general, was
confined to narrow limits. In the afternoon trad
ing the market developed weakness on the fears of
an aggressive action by the United Mate* Senate
on the Cuban question and an advance in tn c
posted rates o. sterling exchange of %c to $1 84V 3 c
and $4 87%<\ Some wile changes were recorded
in some stocks and certain speda'tles. Among
the Utter Long Is and was conspicuous for a
break of 7 rer cent on sales of only 100 shares of
the stock, but later a rally followed and the stock
advanced to 60.
In <ra< stocks Consolidated Gas fell 2%, Chicago
Gas 11* and Bay state Gas to 10V 3 . The anthra
cites were weaker for. Rending and Jersey Cen
tral. . The former declined "' . The Grangers were
firm early in tne day, but near the close were
heavy, Id sympathy with the general list.- Big
Four was weak and fell 2%, Missouri Pacific was
w»-ftk mi i declined to 20% and Sugar went down
from 117% to 116%. hpfculation closed weak.
Net changes show losses of 1.4 2% pr «*nt.
Manhattan was an exception aud gained Vi per
cent ou the day. <
Bonds were firmer to-day. The sales footed up
$1,661,000. Atchison adjustment fours rose 1%:
Richmond and Allegheny firsts consolidated fours,
1 ; Duluth, youth shore and Atlantic fives, 2; do
prior lien fours, 1%; Kansas and >' astern fives, 2;
Oregon Improvement consolidated fives, Vi: do
certificates. 1%: Rock Island registered firsts, 1;
St. Louis and southwestern firsts, 1%; st. Paul
consolidated sevens, 2; do southern Minnesota
sixes, 1. ana \Ves.er<i New York and Pennsyl
vania general fours l&4.*j3(fcaSl
In «»ovemmeat bonds coupon fours of 1935 sold
at 130<§120%.
Grain.
FLOUR — Dull, irregular. Winter wheat,
low grades, S2 :o@3 AH: fair to fancy, $3 40
(34 35: do patents. *5@5 40: Minnesota clear,
*.? tiO®4 16; do straights, $<I@<l 80: do patents.
*4 50(»& 10: low extras. $2 *o<g>3 30: country mills.
S4@6; do patents, $4 4u«ts 55: rye mix
ture. $5 3u@390; superfine, !!>220&3-'0: fine. $2 00
@i> 05. Southern flonr. dull, easy: common to
tair, extra, $3 05@3 60; good to choice do, $j 60
@3 90. Rye Hour, quiet, en sy, $2 95@3 25.
CORN MK A L— Dull, steady, unchanged. Yellow
Western, $1 90@i 05.
RVfc-Dull. Western, 45c afloat.
BARLEY— DuII, steady: 28% cc. I f. Buffalo.
WHEAT— Spot market moderately active.weak
er f. ab. 96y 8 c; ungralea red, »og97c; No. 1
northern. 87%ta88c.
Options declined %@% on easier cables, foreign
selling and weak west and local trading; ad- !
vanced%'dlc on expected bnllish a overnment re- I
port and local covering; declined %@l% on local
mid foreign selling and weak West, closed steady
at yi<a% under ye«ierday, with trading moderate
ly activi. May and December most active. Jan
uary, 87% c. March, 8"i/ c; May, 84% c; July,
79% c; November.
CuKN— Soot dull, firmer. No. 2, @29% ele
vator, 30Vs c r-float: -no. 3, 25% -
Opuonb' were dull and wea< ft VBoV 8 o decline on
local trading and feeling from the West. Decem
ber, 23y ; May, 31% c.
OATs— Spot more active, easier.
Options moderately active, weaker. December,
22V 3 c: January, 23V c; February, 23% c; May,
27 %c. :■; .-;, ~-
prices: No. 2, 22%@225,£c; No. 2 white,
25Vic: Ho. 2 Chicago. 23% c; I\o. ?. iOVic; No.
3 wnite, 22% c; mixed Western, 22@'^4c; while
do, 23<j$32c. .
Provisions.
LAPn-Firmer, quiet. . Western steam, $4 17%;
City. $3 00%: December. $4 10, nominal, Ke
lined quie.; Continent. 64 45; couth American,
*4 75; compound. @4i/!:C.
PORK— Firm, qniet, -New mess. <8 25@8 75.
BUTTER— Quiet, unsettled. Western creamery.
15@24%c: do factory. 7(<612c: KUins. 14 Vic;
nation creamery, ll@l7c.
CHEESE— Hrm, moderately active. Part
cklms. 3%'a7c: lull skims. 2%(<£3c.
EGGS— Weak and quiet. Icehouse. 16@19c:
Western iresb. 20^2 K; do per cue, $2 251&4 20:
limed, 15%@16c.
'l ALLOW— DuII and steady. City, 3%®3%c;
country. R@3%c.
COTTONaEJiD OlL— Quiet. Crude, 20%@21c;
yellow prime, 24c
RlCK— Firm; fairly active. Domestic, fair to
extra 3*4@6c; Jnpan, 4V4@4%c.
MOLaosks— Firm. New Orleans, open kettles,
good to cboice new, v>s@t sc. 1
CO* FKK— Barely steady, 15 to 25 point* down.
December, $3 25; Marcn. $9 3J@9 35; May. $9 30
(£9 40: September, $9 40. t-po. Rio dull, easy.
No. 7. 10c. ---., -■■..■
SUGAR— Quiet. Off A, 8 c; mold A, 4%c:
standard A, 4S/ 8 ' :; confectioners' A, 41/4 C: cut muf
and crushed, dc; powdered, 4%c; granulated,
4%c; cubes, 4%c.
1 rait and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9®llc; boxes, 10@15c.
itACHEis-Peeiea, bags, 14®15c; unpeeled,
709r.
PRUNES-Four sizes, nominal, 15@15%c
RAISINS— Two-crown Loose Muscatel. 4%@
4%c: do 3-crown, 6%@5%c: do 4-crown, 6@7%< ;
do .London layers, SI 46 @1 50; 0.0 clusters, $1 75
®2. ■•"<•'
WALNUTS— Standard, nominal, B@By c; soft
shell, 9%c- -
Ai.MO.vDB — Paper shell. ll@13c: soft shell
Bi/2@loc. .. ■ V. -, -
>iuPS- Quiet. Pacific Coast, 3@l4c.
WOOL — Firm. Domestic neece, 180230:
pulled, 18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c,
\ ; ; Merchandise.
• PIGIRON— Quiet. American, $11@13.
1 COPPKR— Firm. Lake. $11 30®. 1 50.
1 LEAD— Firm. Dcmesii'-. •■ ?@i 35
. 1 1N— steady. Straits, $12 90. plates, quiet.
kPELUKR-Quiet. Domestic, $4 25.
CHICAGO 3IABKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 10.— Prospects of a favor
able Government report weakened the wheat mar
ket this morning. The opening tone was steady
on an advance of %d at Liverpool, but the specu
lative temper was soon under the control of the
American outlook. ' There were some deliveries of
cash wheat on December 'contracts early In the
day, the Immediate effect of which was an essen
tial widening of the difference between December
and May. Northwestern receipts were -liberal at
678 curs, against 355 last Thursday aud 801 a
year ago.
Chicago received 35 cars and Inspected 64,200
bushels. The Cincinnati Price Current, reported
no change In the crop situation. The market ad
vanced quite ' strongly, later -In the : morning,
-shorts" covering freely, but toward the close
weakness again became the ruling tone. ■ Closing
Continental cnb<es were all lower. Export clear
ances were 383,923 bushels. ' May wheat opened
from 7»y 3 c to 79y 88 < < , sold between 793/^c and
78V c, cUsiog at 78« % and %c under-.
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 28 cars.
No. 2nd spot wheat ranted from 87 %c to 89% c,
closing about 87 %@88y 8 c - .
CORN — Pit trading In corn was the only busi
ness see, in that market and the course of prices
depended altogether on the action taking place in
wheat. Only a handful of brokers were present
and they bad less than enough to keep them em
ploye.]. Receipts were , 222 cars and 39,367
bushels were taken from stor*. Liverpool cables
were quiet and unchanged. Export clearances
were large at 698,203 bushels. X ay corn opened
at 26c, sold between @?6%c and 25% c, clos
ing at 25%@25%e— Vs<a.~Vic under yesterday.
Estimate 1 eipt.i to-morrow 214 cars.
OA I—Were1 — Were fairly steady with a moderate busi
ness. 1 here was much more activity than In corn.'
A drive similar to tuat. of yesterday was made
about noon, , prices being forced a little lower.
Receipts were 361 cars and 9748 bushels were
taken from store, hi ports were practically noth
ing. ; M ay oats closed %c under yesterday. • Esti
muted receipts for to-morrow 304 cars
FLAX- Was easy. Cash No. 1, 75c; Northwest
ern. 77%@78c; December, 74% c nominal; May.
79@79y a c. B. celp s were 43 cars. - . -
1-Ky VISJONS-The provision market d 1d 1 ayed
some Hie, and activity, to-day. The hog market
was steady and that was about the predominating
feeling In provisions. Packers bought a little later
In the session, prices ad • anclng on tne purchases.
May porK cloi-ed 7%c higher. May lard and ribs
each 2%<255c higher.
BUTI*.K-Tne butter market was quiet and
steady. ■ The recent rumens has given pUce to a
feel In-: less strone. Receipts were larger. ■-■::,.-;-- -
1 Creameries— Extras, 23c V tt>: , firsts, 21(322c;
seconds, 15@17c; imitations, fancy, 1.@15c; June
(Oods. extrai. 16ys@17c; firsts, 15c. Lalrles— Ex
tras. 19c: firsts, 146517 c: seconds. 10® 12c. La
dles — Extras. < 10@llc; firsts. «J»8y a c; Hacking
stock, b(g,iiVic; grease,' 2%@3C; roll butter, llta
12c. ■■.-•-: ■ ,--•.;■ ■, ' -.-., , :■■-■ **
KGG3— The supply of fresh egjs was. much
larger and the demand showed a marked falling
00. ! The feeling was easy. Fresh stock 20c V doz.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
MONEY— Steady at6<a7re on call and time loans.
New York exenange so d at 40c premium.
, .; Closing. Prices : ». -;_".:>
WHEAT — December, 74T/ 8 c; May. 78Hfec;
July, 72y 2 @726/5iC. ; :
CORN— Deceui ber, 22% c ;! May, 28%(^'.'57/ B e.
OATS— December. 17y 2 c; May. 20%5)20%c. .:
PORK — December, $6 95; » January, »7 70;
May, 97. * ■■■ ■ '.- - ' ■-' ■- - ' t ■ ' ■ '
LARD-December, $3 77y a ; January, 93 92y ;
May, 94 16.
" RIBS-December,. $3 97%:. January, 93 92%;
May, 94 07%.
Livestock.
UNION VrOCK YARDS. 111. D««c. 10 -The re
ceipts of cattle to-day werell«hu" For that reason
the market was steady. The demand- was fair.
The general demand for hogs was good. Tne sup
ply was not large and prices held steady. Sheep
and lambs were In moderate supply and fair de
mand, prices ruling steady.
CATTLK — Keceinls, POOO. Christmas cattle,
$6 25@5 80: choice to crime 1300 to 1700 &> steers,
84 75«5 OU: eood to choice steers. 1200 to 1500 la.
14 35ifl5* 70; medium steers. 1100 to ) 250 ft. 93 90
CT43O: lair beef steers. .1000 to 1200 lbs. J3 60<»
3 85: common beef steers. S3 60(*3 75: good to
choice stockers and feeders. 900 to 1250 ft. S3 60S*
4 01): fair to cood do. 500 to 1 875 th. 82 hO<#
8 45: bulls, cholc* to extra. 93 Jo<»3 75: bulls,
poor to choice." $1 75©d O'J: cows ana h*ifer«,
choice to prime. 93 50134 (JO: cows, talr to cnolce.
$-j 40®3 40: rows, common to lair cenners. $1 50
@2 35; calves. good to fancr. *5 10@5 65;
calves, common to uood. SS@5: Texas grass
steers, *2 80(ft3 65: Western range steers. Hi 25
663 80: Western range cows ana heifers. $2 60
(a.5 60; milkers and springers, ft head. «2&<a4o;
Texas fed steers. 93 70@4 26.
HUQ&— Receipts, 27.UU0. Heavy DacWna ana
rluppini: lots. $3 2'JfflS 40: common to choice
mixed. $3 20®H 45: cnoiee assorted. »d 36(9
3 45: nt hi. »8 20(83 45: pl«, «2 80103 40. ■=•
&HEEP— Receipts. 15.000 luieXlOC to Choice,
19 00©3 75; lamos, 93 25@5 la
Receipts at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. NKBR.. Dea 10 — HOGS—
Receipts, 5300. Market active and steady. Light
and mixed, $3 20@3 85: heavy. $3 16@3 26.
CATTLE— Receipts. 2300. Nothing aood. Market
steady. Steers. $3 40^4 00; cows, 9l 50@3 35;
feeders. 93 00(33 85.
tsHKEP— Receipt*. 600. Market steady. Mut
tons, 93 25; lambs, 93 65.
.Receipt* at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dee 10 — HOOR— Receipts.
9000. ' Market strong. Light. $3 304J3 40; med
ium. $3 26@3 35: heavy. .93 2003 30; pigs, 82 80
@:s 2u.
CATTLK— Receipts. 6500: steady. Native steers,
best. $4 16@5; fair to good. $3 00@4 15: cows aud
heifers, best, $2 90@3 30: fair to good. $175®.! 90;
bulls, ' 92@3 16; stockers and feeders. 32 95®
4 00: Texas and Western, 92 60@3 80; caivea,
$5@12.
bHEEP-Recelpts, 4000. Steady.
NEW lOKK sXOOES.
Condi, Exchange, .Money and Railroad
Mi arm.
Money on call yy 2 @2%; last loan at li/ 2 % and
closinc offered at 1V 2 %. i'rlme mercantile paper,
3V'o@4%;. Bar silver. 6514 c . Mexican dollars,
50»i@51s^c. Sterling exchange Is firm, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 83%
for sixty days and $4 86% for demand. Pouted
rates. if 4 S4y 2 04 87%. Commercial bills, $4 82%
@i H3%. Government bond* auiet: State bonds
cull; railroad bonds firm, silver at the board was
neglected.
. , • CLOSING stocks.
Am Tel A Cable... 90 North American... 4%
Aichison 14 Northern Pacific. 14 Vi
Preferred 226/ 8 : Preferred... 2Ss/
Adams Express... l4B |North we5tern...... 1031/4
Alton, Terre Haute 67 Preferred 149 .
American Express 109 N V Central...;.... 95%
American Tobacco 75 NY, Chlcago&St Lll Vi
Preferred lulu Ist preferred 68
Bay State Gas 10% 2d preferred »7
Baltimore & Ohio.. 14V S Y&N H 17»
Brunswlc* Lands. %i- Y,it New Eng... 45
Buffalo, Bosh AP. 20 NYSusq&W.... »»4
Canada Pacific 66 i Preferred 26
Canada Southern.. 49 Ontario 9%
Canton Land 60% Ontario A Western 15%
Central Pacific 15 Orecunlmprovmnt
chesd:Ohlo 19 Preferred
Chicago Alton 162 Oregon Navigation 15
Preferred 1 68 Vi Oregon Short Line. 15
Chicago, P. A Q.... 77% Paclflc Mall 25
Chicago & 111.... 48 ji'eona. D<& Evans 2
Preferred 95 I J'lttsbun; A W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas 74 Pullman Palace.... 156
Clev»A Piitiburg.l62 Quicksilver 13,4
Consolidation CoaL 34 Preferred IOV4
Consolidated Gas. .151% Rending... 27%
CCC ASt Louis. . . *6Vi RioGrandeAWestn 15
Preferred 81 1 referred 40 ■
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 25 Rock Inland 6»s/
Preferred 70 RomeWatAOgden.ll6
Cotton Oil Cer:.... 12 StLASW. 4%
Commercial Cable. l6s Preferred 10%
Del Hudson 125% St Paul 74%
Del Lack AWestrn. 168 Preferred 130
Denver & RG 12y 4 St Paul ADuluth.. 15
Preferred . 433/ 8 Preferred 75
Distillers. St Paul it Omaha.. 46%
General Electric. . . 82% Preferred 129
Erie 16 St P M A M 112
Preferred 34% Silver Certificates. 65%
Fort Wayne.. ...... 162 Southern Pacific. 16%
Great Northern ntdll9 'Southern RR ...... 10%
oreen Bay. 1 -Vi Preferred... 29%
Harlem 287 ISugar Hennery . . 116 V*
Hocking Coal.. 5%! Preferred.- 102%
Hocking Valley... 19 :Tenn Coal A Iron.. 28%
Homestake 34 | Preferred......... «0
H A Texas Central iTexas Pacific ..... byj
Illinois Central 93 Tol AA A N Mich.
lowa Central. 8 Tol Ohio A Central 20 .
Preferred 27% Preferred......... 60
Kansas A Texas... UWToI Hi Louis AX C 5
Preferred 5:8% Preferred 15
Kingston A Perm:. 3 Union Pacific..... 10
Lake Erie A Westn 18% U P Don A Gulf.... 2%
Preferred.... 70% U s Cordage 6
Lake Shore 154 Preferred 11%
National Lead 24% Guaranteed 24
Preferred t<B7/ 8 C S Express....... 40
Longlslan.l... 48 lv S Leather. 9y 8
Louisville A Nash. 5oy 8 j Preferred ."..'61%
Louisville. N ; Albny Vi S Rubber........ 25
Preferred ly Preferred......... 80%
Manhattan Con 96 ,riica A B River. ..160
Memphis A Charts 15 [Wab 8L A Pacific. 6V
Mexican Centra ... 7% Preferred ..... 16%
Michigan Central.. 9'J .Wells-Faruo ... 95
Minn A 8 L Western Union..'.. 86
Preferred ..- — I Wisconsin Central. 2%
Minn ASt L com.. 19 Wheeling A L E. .. 7%
Ist preferred 76 Preferred... 30
2dDreftrreJ 48 Am Cotton OH pfd. 50%
Missouri Pacific... 20% WU Beef ft
Mobile A 0hi0..... 22 Ann Arbor.. 9
Nashville A Chatt. 67% Preferred 24
National Linseed.. 15 Brooklyn Traction. 19%
NJ Central 102 Erie 2d pfd. 20
Norfolk A Westrn. 11 American Spirits.. 13y 8
Preferred 16% Preferred 296/«
CLOSING BO VI)S.
Ala Class A ...102V. Northern Pac ists.lls
Do Class B 4, 65. 102 Do2d«. 117%
Alabama, class C. 96 Do 3ds. ......... 76
Atchison 4s. 79 Do consol 64%
A......... 42V 4 Or lmprovmni Ist. 88
Canada South 2ils. 105% Do 6s. 19
Cen Pac lsts 0f '96.102% oR A Ists. ......113
Cherokee 4s. 1896.103 Do consol 55.....——
Do 1897 ......... 102 Or Short Line 11l
DOIB9B 102 Do consol 66
Do 1899 102 Pacific 6s of '97.... 99%
Ches Ohio ss. ...108 Pblla A Reading 4s t)l%
Cb AN Tr Rets 6s 40 Do Ist pfd lncom. 47
D C 3-653. .....lU9Vi R GrandeWest lsts 75%
Den 4KB Ist 109 StLAlronMlGen6s 74
Do «s BOV*St L Ae>FGen6s..llO%
Eri« 2d5...... 65iAStPaul Consols.... 1 31
FtW&DenCity Ists 61 P C A Pa Ists ..118
G"H*SA6s 91 So Carolina 4y 3 5... 100
Do2d7s. 93 Southern R His... 9214
Gen Deb 65... 91% Do Pac Cal 1 sis.. 107
HA Tex Cent 65.. .110 Term new 3s. 80
Do con 65.... 100% Texas Pac 15t5..... 8684
lowa Central Ists. . 96% laxas Pac 2d5..... 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 69 Onion Pac lsts 96.1 02
Ks PalstsDenDivli6 Us 4s reg of 1925.120
La Cousol 45........ 96 Do 4s, coupon I*o
Missouri funding... V 8 4s reg of 1007. 119%
MX T ids 69Vi ! Do 4«, coupon 119%
Do4s 81»4 Do2s.. 95%
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 68»/ Do 6s, reg 113%
Mutual Union 65. .111 Do 55. coupon.... 1188^
N J Cent Gen 6j... 1:8 Va funding deot.. . 61%
N YCAStLouls4slo3y Do registered...... —
Nor A West en 65120 j Do deferred 65... 6
NCaroinacon 100 Do trust rcptstpd <7
D 065..... ....... 119 Wabash Ist 5s 106%
NoribwestConsols.l39 West Shore 4s 107
Do deb 5s 107%
; FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRPOOL.
LIVERPOOI, > ng., Dec. 10.— The spot market'
Is quiet nt 7s 4d@7s 6d. Cargoes dull at 35s 6d,
sellers, prompt shipment. . ■ ■
J-DTDRS3. -
Tbe rrodnce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations ■ for No. 2 Red Winter:
December, tjs 6%ri; January, 6s 7%d; February,
6s 7%d; March, bs 73/ 4 d.
BKCURITIKS.
LONDON. Ens., Dec. 10.— Consols. 111%; sil
ver, 29 16-16 d; French Rentes, 103f 12% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. .— . 94 4 1,4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 V;
Sterling Cables. .......:. ...... ...... , — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 05 ,
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine silver, j0unce.......... — " 66Vk
.Mexican Dollars 61% bz
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— ores were steadier on the opening
call. ; Spot values were unchanged and the market
was quiet. . Quoted at $1 42V«®1 45 ft ctl for com
mon grades, $1 47yg@i tO lor avrrage No. 1,
$1 52 V 3 for choice and «1 55@1 57y ft ctl for extra
choice f>.r milling.
CALL BOARD SAI.KS.
■ Informal Skssion— 9:l6 o'clock— May—
ctls, $1 6-1%; 28.000, 91 65; 6000, $1 55y : 20.000,
91'66y4- •.- ' ' '--. '' . : ' ■--■ ,' ..' ..--(•*■' -:-
Skcono Session— May— Booo ctls, $1 64%;
8000. $1 -■'.::■; .■-.— .-.-..^
■ Rkoular alornijto Session— May— Booo ctls,
91 53%: 14,000, 91 53.V a : 40,000, 91 63%: 24,000,
91 53i,»: 40 jo, $1 63(4; 2000. *1 63y ; 34.000,
$1 63; 2000, $1 62%-- ..•."' *■■••*■
Aftkrxoon KKSsiox— May— ctls, $1 62Vs:
4000, $1 52: 2000.91 82%1 4000, $1 52>/ f : 12,000,
$1 62%: 12,000, 91 5234; 20. 00, 81 6ii% >
BARNEY— Futures continue :to shade off. 8-ot
ices are also weak. We quote Feed. 85@S8»4c
* ctl; choice ' bright, 90c: .Brewing, 95c@$l; No.
1 Chevalier, »1 10@l 20 ft ctl. -
•; CAM, BOARD BALKS. •
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock -May— 4ooo
ells. 927/gc; 4000, 92*4 c .'
Bkconij SKBBION— May— 2OOO c: ls, 92% c: 6000,
2 c: 2000, 92 1/4 C. .- <-SaH»«^»«St.i :
Bf.oular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
9J%c; 4000, 91 Vie; 4000, 905,4 c.
. Afternoon Sk»Blon— May— »ooo ctls, 903/ic;
6000, 90y B e. :•.-■-,. . :*'" ' "' '. . \ ■- '-'- ;. '■•
oats—Not much doing. White range from $1 10
to $1 35. according to quality. Black, for feed,
90e@*l 05: forgeed. $1 ?o®l 35; Gray, nominal;
Bed, «l@l 10: surprise. $1 sO@l 60. . "> n
CORN- Dull at the old prices. - Large Yellow, 80
©88840 ft . c.l: • Small Round do, $1 0 ctl; White,
bs@Hf%c ft ctl. "..-,'.. . '- --^ "■■
RYE— Very quiet at $I@l 02V 3 9 ctL -
■ BUCKWHEAT— $i 16@1 SO ctl. ■ =
FLOUK AND MIL.LSTUFF3. . .
FLOUR-Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $505 10- Bakers' extras, $4 90@5; super
line. $4 lifa.l 50 <§» bbl. • , ■ ,■ _
CORXMEAL. KTC.-Feed Corn, ?18@19 ty ton;
Cracked Com. $19<520 ft ion. ' ■-'■'•'-•
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 82 85
$ 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 %i lot) lbs; Rice Flour.
$5 76: cornnaeal, *- 35; extra cream do, $3:
Oatmeal, $3 60: Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, «3 10
@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $3 -Js@3 50: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; farina, $4: Whole Wheat Hour.
$3; Rolled Oats (bbls), $6@6 40: Pearl Barley,
$3 75@-V; Split, Peas, $3 60; Green do, $4 25 $
100 to*. " " • , ■. ■
HAY AND lEKDSTUFF3,
All articles under this head are quoted at pre
vious prices. . .
BRAN— 60 for the be3t and $13@13 , 50
1* ton for outside brand*.
MIDDLINGS— #iB(g)I9 for lower grades and
$20@21 lf» ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF* — Rolled Barley. $19 BOffiSO;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 ft ton; jobbing,
$27 50; clipped Oats. $1 M) ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, »7@
10: Oat. $6<»9; Barley. $7@B 60; River Barley.
$5@6 50: • Alialfa, $6@7 50: compressed, sfO@
9 50; stock. $6®6: Clover, $6@3 ft tou. ,
bTB.AW— 35@50c ft bale.
IJKANS ANI> SEED?.
Quotations remain undisturbed and business re
mains very dull.
BEANB-Bayos, 91 40@l 60: Small Whites, 9l ls
f>l 35 ft ctl: Large Whites, $1 10@l 25 ft , ctl ;
•inns, $1 OB@l 20: Reds. $1 20@l 30: Blackeye,
81®1 20; Red Kidney, $2 26: Limits, 91 76@2;
Butters, $1 25@1 60: Pea, $1 25@1 40. • . 1 .
SEK.DS— Brown Mustard, $2 76@3: Yellow Mus
tara. $2 10®2 25 ft ctl: Flax, 91 35@1 40: Canary
Seed, 2%@23^c ft Ib; Alfalia. 4@6%c; Rape,
2V2C; Hemp, 3VaC. . ';
DRIKD PEAS— Niles, 91@1 IB * ctl; Green,
91 400160* ctl. _|
POTATOES, ONION'S, VEGETABLES.
Peas and Beans are higher. Potatoes are also
doln? better. No change in Onions. ;
POTATOKS— Sv.eet Potatoes, 75c@Rl 25; Early
Rose. - 50@60c; River . Reds, - 4t>6t)&oc; Burbantc
Seedlings, 26@40c %i ctl for Rivera and 60c@?l for
Saline*
ONIONS— 4O@SOc ft ctl.
VKOKTABLKS— Los Angeles Egg Plant. 10®
I2V2C * Ib: Mushrooms, 6@l6c ft Ib, latter
figure fur buttons: Marrowfat Squash. 9*@6 ft
ton; Tomatoes, 3i>@6sc ft box; Los AnceUs lorn
atoes, *I@l */-5 ft bo ; Dried Peppers, 7©Be ft lb;
Green Pens, 7@-l.oc ft ft; String Beans, »@sc ft ft;
Los Angeles String Beans, 7@loc; Dried Okra. 8©
9c ft Ib; Cabbage, 40@60c ft ctl; Carrots,. 30(g)40c
ft sack: Garlic, l%@2c ft ft. ;"■„';
BUTTER, (HI 1-i AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market continues weak.
Cbeamkry— Fancy, 24@25c; seconds, 52@230
ft ft.
Dairy— Fancy. 21©'-".'c: good to choice, 18@20c;
lower trades. 16flil7yjC ft ft.
Pickmjd— l6@lßc ft ft.
Firkin— l6@l7c ft tb.
C'REAMKRY '1 vb— 18(i019o ft Ib.
CHKKSE — Choice mild new, ll@l2c ft ft;
common to good old, 8@10c: Cream Cheddar, 11@
12c: Young Amtrlca. 1 IJ/jj(4tl'2Vtc: Western, 11%
@im/2C; Eastern, 12V2@l a Vi c V ">•
E(»GS— Another dec me is noted. Eastern are
quotable at 25@26c ft dozen for fancy and 21fai
220 for cold-storage; ranch Eggs, 27V2®29c for
small and medium and :)O@S'-'c for fancy; store
Eggs, 23@26c; Duck Eggs, 25c.
POtLTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A decline In Turkeys is the only
change.
Live Turkeys, 13@14cft ft for Gobblers. 18@14c
"s>. ft for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,' 14@16c; Geese,
ft pair, $1 6U@2; «os Ings, $1 60@2; Ducks, $4(0,5
lor old and $4 50@5 50 for young; Hens, $3 50
@5; Roosters, youug, $4@4 60; no, old. $4®4 50:
Iryers, 93 60(&3 76: Broilers, ' $3 25@3 50 for
lar^e and $2 76@3 26 for small; Pigeons, $1 -5@
1 50 ft dozen for young and 91 for old.
GAMK-B'ld still lower yesterday. Quail, $1;
Mallard, 92 60@3%* doz: Canvasback, $3@9: Sprig,
91 76; Teal, $I@l 25: - Widgeon, 91 •* 6(3,1 50;
tmali Dnck, $1 ft dor,: English Suipe, $1 60: Jack
Snipe. 76c@91: Hare, $1. Rabbits, $1 -Jsrq>l 50 for
Cottontails and *1 for small; Gray Geese, $2 60@.H;
White Geese, $I@l 25; Brant, $1 60@l 76; Honk
ers, 9* ft dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND cltkus fruits.
orchard FRUITS—
I No change in any description. Lady Apples from
Sonoma County, 76c ft box.
Apples. 76@90c. ft box for choice. $1 for fancy
Ren, 35<<$65cior common; Eastern, $2@3 50 ft boL
Pears, 60c@$l V box: w inter Nellis, $1 25.
Persimmons, 25@76c ft box.-
BRHRIES— . ,
Cranberries from Cape Cod, $7 50 $ bbl;
from Coos Bay. $2 26@2 50 14 box. ..
GRAPES— Are in scant supply and firm at 60®
76c ft box.' Grapes In crates bring 10@16c more
than boxes. '
CITRUS FRUITS— China steamer brought
in 2626 boxes Mandarins. The Orange market is
overstocked, dull and w<ak., Mandarin Oranges
are quotable at 75@90c ft box; Grape Fruit. $6
ft rox; Navel 1 ranges, *2 50@3 50 ft box:
Seedlings, $1 25 fa) I 75; Lemons, 1(3,1 60 for com
mon ana $-J(Sl! 50 ft box for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, %.'(<a\ 60; California Limes, oO(SS7Se:
Bananas, $l@'/ft bunch; Pineapples. 92£D4 ft doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIKD FRUITS-
Quotations on the Fruit , Exchange are as fol
lows : ' . ":iS^%s^s
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Moorparks; Prunes, b V»c lor the 4 sizes: Peaches,
4(gjsVaC for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy and
9@loc for peeled .In boxes; Apple* s s/4cs /4c ft ft for
evaporated and 2@2%c for sun-dried; Pears, 2%
@5c for prime to choice, 4@5%c for quarters and
6@6%c for halves; Plnms, 4c for pitted and l%c
for nnpitted; Nectarines, 3%@4%c for choice and
6V 2 c lor fancy; White Figs, ac; BlacS Figs, 2%
@2%& ■■ -...; ' '
Jubbino Pricks— Peaches . 4%@5%0 V > ft:
fancy. 6y 2 @7yac ft ft: peeled, lzVac ft Ib: Apri
cots, 6%@9c ft ft; fancy. 10c; Moorparks, 12@
13c; evaporated Apples, u»Ac: sun-dried, 2S4@Sc :
Prunes, 4 @4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
unpressed and 3@3V 2 c for pressed: white Flfts,
4c; Plums, 4%@5c for pltlPd and iy 2c2 c for un
pitted: Nectarines, 4@6c ft ib for prime to laucy;
Pear*. 2V @i6c for whole. 4%@5%c lor quarters
and 4%@6%c for halves. . .
RAIsINS-
Carload Pricks— Four-crown loose. 63/ 8 c; three
crown, ft ft: ■ two-crown, : 3 8 /«iC ft Ib: seed
lens. Sultanas. 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 48/gc; 3
crown London layers, 91 15; clusters, »1 60;
Dehesa clusters. $2 50; Imperial clusters, $3:
dried Grapes, 3c ft ft.
Jiihhinii Pricks— sast Francisco— Four-crown,
louse, 6»ic: S-crown, 4 3 ,ic: 2-crown, 3S/4.C; seedless
Sultanas. 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 4 %c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 60; Dehesa
clusters, $2 75; Imperial clusters, $3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at K@loc: Walnuts,
2 @7c ft ft lor standard and 9@9%c ft ft
for softshell: Almonds. 6@6%c for Langu«-»loc
3@3%c for hardshell and 8(»«c for paper-shell.
Jobbing; Peanuts, 4®6c for Eastern and 4c for
California; Hickory Nuts,. 6@6c ft ft: Pecans,
7%@Bc ft ' ft; Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
3 @Bc: Cocoanuti, 4@scft 100.
HoNEY— Comb, lo(a>l2y a c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, s@syac;
light amber extracted, 4%@4%ci cart amber. i.{&
4y 2 c; dark, 2@3c ft ft. ■ - ■- ■ •
BKKsWAX- 23©-6c ft ft. ■ •
PROVISIONS.
The market Is quiet and unchanged.
CORED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ft Ib for heavy, 7c
ft ft for light medium. 9%c for light. 10c ft ft for
extra light and liy 9 c ft ft for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. . 13@13y 2 c: California
Hams, : U(a)iiy c; - Mess 1 Beef. *7@7 60: extra
mess do, 9S@B 60; family do, $9 60@10; extra
prime Pork, 97 60®8: extra clear. $16 K» bol;
mess, $14 ft bbl: Smoked Beef, lOc.ft ft.
LARD— Eastern, tierces. , Is quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6®6y a c for pure: -pails, 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6@6y c ft ft for compound and 614 c
for pure: half-bols, tt%c; 10- lb wins. 7V40; do 6-ft,
7y 3 c ft ft. -
COTTOLENE— 6®6V4fi in tierces and 7%@BVic
in 10-ft tins. ..'■-'' - : •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Weak an-1 dull. Heavy
salted steers, at 8c; 'culls and brands, 7c; medium,
7c: culls and brands, 6c ft ft; : tight. 6c ft ft; culls
aud brands. . 6c; Cowhides, 6@6%c: culls and
brands, 5@5V 2 c; salted : Kip, 6(s7c; salted Calf.
7@Bc; salted Veal, 6@7c; dry Hides. 12@13c ft ft:
culls and brands, 9@iOc: dry Kip and Veal,' 10c:
culls, 8c ft ft; cry Calf, 16c; culls, He: Goatskins,
2(J@3sceach; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer,
20@a5c ft ft; medium, 16@20c;.; winter. 7(d)9c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10015 c each: short wool,
20@S5c each; medium, 40<ai50c each; long wools,
6C@6oc each. < - ; • ' '• - ' '
1 ALLOW— 1. rendered, 3c; Ka 2, 2%c ft
ft: refined, sc: Grease. 2c ft ft. - ' ' -: • : ••■•.'
WOOL— A local circular says: "The tone of the
market Is more quiet for the past two w«oks. . No
material change note in values, but dealers,
scouiert and. shippers are more conservative for
the time being, because ,lha Eastern market does
not show r s much strength as was hoped for soon
alter c ectlon. Faulty/defective fall and -Spring
Wools have not moved to any j large, -xtent re
cently and there is considerable of this c ass of stock
here waiting buyers. .Of choice fr?e Wools there
Is also a fair supply, and they are firmly held and
no doubt will he wanted at satisfactory prices as
the season advances." We quote Fall Wool: I- um
boldt and Mendoclno. 8(39c: tree northern, 7%@
B%c; middle counties, tree. 6y z @7c; do. defective,
4y a @6c; San Joaquiu, 3@sc; do. foothill, 6@7c;
Eastern 1 rrgon spring.' 7y a @9c; Oregon,
11%@12%c; do, fall and lambs', ll@liy a c. v
Ho** B— 7@Sc fair to choice and 10c ft ft for fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISK.
• «■■■■•.•'• ——v •■ . •• - '• ■ '
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bacs, spot, 4%a- Wool
Bags, 2iy a 2 c. , ■..■':■■ ■■ : > :
- COAL-Welllngton, 98 ft ton : New Wellington,
$8 ft ton : Southfleld Wellington, 'X- $7 , 50 ft ton;
Seattle, $5 50@6; Bryant, 6^5 60: Coos Bay, $5;
Wallsend. $6; Scotch, ; BrymDO, : turn
berlaad, 913 ft ton in bulk and 914 tasks; Peui's.vi
vania Anthracite Egg, *11@13 $ ton; Welsh An
thracite, $8@10; Cannel, $B*B 50; Rock springs.
• of**. C i"'" 8 *' 1 ' Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $18 '£ ton in ska. '
* Ca NDLKS— Lower quotations ar»> announced as
follows: .Electric Li ht-6's, 16 oz, 7c; do, 14 oz,
6%c: do. 12 os. 6c: do (hotel), 6s, 10 ox 6i£c'
do (hotel). 12«, 12 o», 40s, 6V4C. Granite (minlu-j
Candles-B's, 16 oz. B%r;-.ao. 14 7%c- do, 12
oz, 7c: do, lOoz. 6i/ 4 c « Ib: P.raffine Wax Can
die^-ls.as. 4s, 6s, las. white. * C: colored, 9V*a
SDGAK-The Western Sugar Keflnlng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6c-
Powdered, s%c;. Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, %c: Confectioners' A, 4%c; .- Magnolia a
4%c; Extra C, 4s/ 8 c; Golden C.4V4C: half barrels
Vie wore than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SA> •■ FRANCISCO MEAT v MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaueh
terersareas follows: ■ - ♦ - . . 6
BEKF-First qoallty, 6V<B@6c: second do, 4%@
sc: third do, 3V2@4c * ft. ®
y.^^T^* r S e ' 41 /3@6c; small, 6@70 ? Ib.
MUTTON-W*thers, 6c; Ewes, sV a c V Ib.
" LAMB— 7c Ib. ■■■' .•" •■ : -■■; ' -
PORK-Live Hosts, S@3i.4c ■$ ft for large and
medium and B@3y±c for small; druased do, 4Va@
5V*« '»* ib- *
RKCBIPTS OF PRODUCE
■• FOR 24 noURI • -
Flonr. or »»».... 89,767 1 Cheese, otis . . 72
Wheat, ctls. N630 Ens, dos... ' 960
Parley, ctls 14,106 Hides, no ■ 070
Oats. ct15.. ...... 60 Pelts. bdls. ".'". 240
Eastern .... 450 Wine, eals „ 68,000
Corn, Eastrn.ctls 660 Brandy, gals 6,180
Beans.' 5k5. ...... 1121 Wool, bis: .. ... 56
Potatoes, stcs.... 6,169 leather, r0115.... 186
Onions, 5it5... ... ■ 634 Qulcksilver.flslti 90
wiU^,." 1 " ....... 616 Lumber. M feck. 20
Middlings, tu... 530 Tallow. ctls. .... 143
Hay, tons _. 415 ShOrts.'sks...... 20
Straw, tons 80 Buckwheat, stcs. . 32
Butter, cU5...;.. 67 1 Sugar, bb15...... 1,616
THE STOCK MARKET.
/ Prices did not vary much yesterday, although
the feeling was rather better in some stocks. I The
best price for Chollar was : 97c. The close was
weak. . :"
Tne delinquent assessment sale of the Seg.
Belcher and Mldes Con. will be held to-day.
The San j>'rapcisco Gas Light Company has de
clared a monthly dividend, of 35c per share, pay
able December 15. :
The Edison Light and Power Company has de
clared a monthly dividend ' of ' 6%c per share,
payable December 18. •
The Sunset and Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay r ' monthly dividends, of
V:5 and 40c per are, respectively, on December
15. ';. ", 5 ' ri ■-- *•'?". r ' -.
The joint Confidence, Challenge Con. and Con.
Imperial west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel
Is out 874 feet, having bfen advanced 16 feet dur
ing the week. The face shows hard porphyry.
work was resumed In the Crown Point mine on
the Ist tnst. They have continued the couth drift
on the 610 level a distance of 9 feet in clay,
porphyry and quartz of small assay value. In the
raise above the 800 level they have started a west
crosscut on the eighth floor, and continued the
same 16 feet through porphyry and quar.z assay
ing from $3 to $5 per ton. Th<»y have repaired the
main shatt and parts of the mine where required.
In the Belcher mine the extraction of ore last
week amounted to 81 mlnlng-car loads, the aver
age top car sample assay of which was $16 93 per
ton. They have slipped to the Brunswick mill 82
tons and 110 pounds of ore. making a total of 339
tons und 160 pounds of ore now at the mill. This
ore is being worked, and the average battery sam
ple of it so far shows a value of $18 10 per ton.
Full returns in bullion from this ore will be given
in the next official report. - ■■
The yield of the Confidence mine for the past
week was 10 mining-car loads of ore, the average
car sample assay cf which was $18 46 per ton. - .
The Overman mine yielded 8 tons and 750
pounds of ore during the p*st- week. The average
assay of the ore was $26 04 per ton. There Is no
cnange In the ore seams on the 900 level. -
HIAI.N »Ai,Kl.
roHrtctnc «*re ibe «>«"» la the San Francisco
Flock Board yesterday:
iki.i i ar ' xo«mk« *KR*rnx. <-nwirccrci» 9:3*1
100 Belcher ...S3 100 HAM 91 200 P0105!.. ..53
250 Collar.. ...85 800 OccidU-..1i SOJ .......... .54
150 CCJtV.. 1.10 200 :7*oJS»vaee...3H
5) C! Point-.. 18 100 ............16 10J 8 N0v. ...39
600 O A C 31 150 Ophlr 116 suO (7t*h 05
AFTFBXOOX MCSBIOJT— 2 :30.
50n Alpha. ....07 560 Ch0ir... ...90|200 Mono 16
600 Alta 04250 .........:. 89 300 Occdl is
100 03 100 ...........88 200 ......18
:uo Andes 11 20 85Jlot) 0ph1r.. ...91
100 Ee1cner.... 33,100 C P0int. ...1" 1000 P0t051...60
100 BAB 65 100 ............ 1630J Savage. ..3o
100 8u11i0n.... 30 200 UAC......30 2UO S Ny 38
200 8u1wer...86 H«tN 90 600 Union C.,39
liri Cballte... 91400 * JMK1...27
700CC&V...1.06J100 Mx1c....;.4a 100 26
I ollowin* were it" 5 «■« iD the I'aciflo Stock
Itfciu yesterday: • ;
'/.?.'., KFOITr.AtI r»«m- T»;T1. . -
2no Alnri(i....Oß 500 ConN V...01 1800 Ophlr... 94
•■OO Andes ...U' 400 CrwnPt..lß'sOO 96
800 Belcher.-. 300 .:.... ....:17 300 .......:. 9/
MO ;...... .....82 800 ij&C. ...,:',5 JSOU Ovrmn..o6
200 li &8....&M300 3< 80 J JPotosl 65
450 ............60 200 ...'.......-32 100 .......58
200 Bodle 62 300 ........ ...-.81 400 ...... .....53
300 ....63 ; 300 HAN.. ...»}< 300 62
SOU Million.... JO 400 Julia 04 501) 61
600 Caleaa.... 08 200 Justice... Ofc 3OU bava«e....34
200 Cha11ge.. .26 200 Alex 46 200 " ......33
450 C1iu1r.....»f 200 ...V.:..;...4S 700 58& M....10
1000 96 300 ...... .....4230UdNev.....39
200 95 400 Mono lti 200 ...... .....37
100 CC&V...1.10 600 0cca. ...... 13 500 Uni0n... ..40
£00 ....... 1.07Vf 000 .:...;;. ...14 200 .•...'..>.... 38
660 IVsIIOOO .....V....16100 Utah.. ....05
100 conn 7*1400 .....lbdou i' J««.i»..,29
I LOSING QUOTATIONS. :
THURSDAY, Dec. 10-2 p. if.
£iit.AiAfd. . Bid. Attend-
Alr«»iaC(m °7 Oh Jack50n........ 2a 40
Alta.. «S 04 Ju1ia. r... ....-?—?:««
Andes. 11 li Ju5tice......... 05 06
Belcher 32 *!■• Keiuuck „ — 01
Best & Belouec 64 66 l.ady Wash.... — »3
Benton C0n.... ' — 16 Mexican 40 41
Bodle .......... 51 -r Mono ltt —
Bullion - 08 06 Nevada Queea. — 04
8u1wer... .....; 36 - Occidental..... 12 14
Caledonia. 08 10 0ph1r........... 94 95
Chollar »7 Bfe Overman...... 05 06
Con.Cal<fcVa...l.OO 1.05 t'oiosL 48 49
Challenge Coo. 24 . 26 savage.. .....— 31 -32
Con. Imperial. — »i scorpion „ — .04
Confidence — 7. eeg. Belcher... . 10 .li
Con New York — 04 Syndicate. .... — 08
Crown Point..; 14 16 silver H11L.... — 12
EasiSterraNe? — 14 sierra Nevada 38 39
Kureka Con ... 25 - Union Urn 37 38
Kzcheauer .... — VI Utah........... 04 05
boula <k Curry. 29 3d Yellow jacltefc '26 27
HfcleOciSorcrs. 92 93 ■;• '-
(.OLD MINING KXOHA.XQB.
200 Lock wood Con .'...'.'......'.......... i"6
300 Savannah .......: - 43
feTOCK ANI> BONO „ EXCHANGE. '
'. THURSDAY. Dec. 10-2 P. It
rKITKP BTATK3 bonds.
J id. Aikcd. ■■'■ ''- . t But jliked.
VS 4s couo. 109% - US 4s re?. .. 109 *• HO^i
Do new issuei2o — i \- ■■■ -
.. . MIRCBI.I.ANKOrTI TtON-n< '
Cal-stC'bless.llO>4 — Omnibus 65.. 119 119V^
Cal ElecL6sl2s — . Pacßoll M«s. — ' " —
CntraU W6s »7Vt Uo 2d Is 65... —* : —
Dpnl-stex-cp — 97% PiU Ky ds. — . lib
KdßnL<tP6sl26Vi - P&Ch By 6s. — "'. 1 2%
F&CHKR6sIO'J — V Pwl-st RR6»112 IIS
Gearv-st RSsIOO — heno,\VL<&L — 105
tLCA-i 4V%5.103 — - PAL. — 100
LosAUgL6s - 100 \ SF&NPRS«..IOO , 101V4
Do meed 6s — 101 »PKKAriz6s 94 06 .
MKt-stCble63l23 — - SPBRCaI6s.HO —
DoßyCon Ds.lOsy lO6y4f*PKK«al6s. - . 100
Nat Vln6s lst>— 100 -PBrßCai6s. 97 98 :
NevCNgß7s,loo — SVWater 118 — •".
N PCRR6B.IOOV4IOS ' SV\V»ifr4s. 99 • 99%
NBy Cal 68.102Vi)05VaStktnG&E6s - 10:4
NRyCalos. - 90 i^unst'l A 1 6s. i — — .
Oak "<i as 55.. — 104 ,. l «utter-sißss. 109% —
Do is . . 106 108 '- |VlstdiaWC6s — —
. - WaTKB STOCK*. ;
Contra Costa 29 — iSan Jose — — .
MarinCo..... 49 — \ jSprng Valley 97% 98
i GAS STOCKS. ■• : .
Capital. ......— 35 Pacific Light ' l*V% «9»/i
Central 95 '■ —:' San Francsco 97Vg 9hi/4
Oak GL A 531,4 64 Stockton..... — 20
Pao cjas Imp 88V2 B«i^| '■
. ' . ■ INSL'RANI.K STOCKS. . ,
Fireman' sFdl6s — i^an ..........— —
■ COMMEBCIAL ' BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — ' — ■'; LondonP&A.l3S : 128 1
Anglo-Ca1.... 64 59 London&SF. — 30
BaiiKof Ca1..237Va240 ' MerchEx.... la —
Calfc>D<fcTColo6 110 ' Nevada ..'..".. '■. — —
First Natlonllß4V4lßsJ^|Sather Co. — :— :
HAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
GerPALCo..I42S 1500 ISav<tloan.. — 105 '
HumbS&L.llOO — ' Security.:.. 250 — .-■
Mutual — 42 '- Union Trust. 770 •' "- — -'■.-
SFSav Union — 600 - - :
■ BTBKXr KAILSOAB BTOCKS. :' i '7^
California... .lo7 110 |OakSL<&Hay — 100
Geary st — 50 Hresld'o...'... . bVi — -
Market-5t.... 44 44%Sutter-5t..... — . —
• ' . POWDKH STOCKS.*. ' '
AtlanttcD... — — C0n.... 18% 19%
Eastern D.... 74% 90 Hjudson D.... — '— .
California.... 70 100-IVlgorlt.'.. :..;,— 80c
MIBCKI.I.ANEOUS : STOCK*. ; , .
Alaska Pkrs. 99 '— '. NatVlnCo.. 8 9
BlkDCoalCo. "— '- — * ceanlcSSCo 'SO 23
Cal Cot Mills — ' — Aux FA— 4
Ed son L1ghi125%127 PacßoraxCo. 95 — .
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ocr Lead Co. 80 100 ■ Hsrf PalntCo — < J ; 7 ;
HawC&SCo.. , 17% i7%PacTransCa — —
Hutch PC o 247 /8 25% Pac T&T Co — —
MerExAssn.. ' — 110 Sunset TAT. — —
M Klec Light , .: 4% •', - .", United C Co. — —
■■• , BALKS- UORXLS* »Jt»««>J£. , ■
■ - FO«M — - '."■■■ - - -••■•' ' ■ •" .
10 Bank of California 238 00
100 Hutchlnson 8PCa....T.,........._ 26 00 .
'75 Mutual Electric Light....... ...' 4 62%
«20O« V 4% 80nd5.. ..;.;............... 99 25
• 80 B»nk"of Ca1if0rnia.. ............ .....238 00
80 Bunk of California 238 00
$7000 Oakland Gas Bonds, 2(1........... : 107 00
$6000 S V i% 80n05. v.:.'...v.'.:...-».—. 99 25
'- , •.»Lis-irTi»Xi)i)< aiUltlX,
■  Fourd— :-, -■-.■•■- -<\ ■.■ . ■ .'.' .
5 Hawaiian Commercial 17 87%
■'■ 5 - ■ do do ...r.-.:.. •..;......•. ..^ ; . 17 75 _■■
200 '■ ;do :-: do ............:........... 17 62i£
26 do, do, 2.. ....... .:.......... ..v 17 757?
SIOOO Market-st By Con 5% 80nd5.. .... 106 00 -:'
10 s V Water ....................... .b7 62V4
Street— \ ■ . ■/, ■; . j'f '. - -
25 Hutchlnson 8P C 0......... ...« . SB 03'""
$3000 8 V A% Bonds P9 25
$12,000 8 P Branch Railway 80nd5..... 91 00
■ •—• — ♦ — ♦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
JR Bleasda!e*w,Napier, Capt Klester A d, barktin
New Zealand Miarpshooter
J Daley Aw. Healdsburg GBlackstone&w.Heaids-
X Howard, San Jo*e bunt
Mrs C H WalkeT.Sn Jose H L Walther, Dnnsmulr
C S H usie.-, Point Reyes C E Hussey, Point Reyes
X H James, Berkeley y a Carter, Truckee
F H wmythe Middli-ion F G Young, Hea'dsburg
F Nickolls, Santa i'.arba E G Vaugun&w, London
H Ogden, Gibsonvllle V M Colt, Sierra Valley
Mrs J Grubet, Montague F M Graham, San Jose
S F Fltzn-ater, Montague W F Southern. Huisun
J C Hoiloway, Cloverdal H C Kichton, Santa Rosa
J S Johnson&w, Stocktn J Walsh. Tacoma
RAM lies, Gait G M Davidson A w, Sacto
R A Jaxon, Trinity 11 Hanfleld, Sonora
J Watson, Napa II Schleeter, San Rafael
D H Rice, Brentwood il J Heitren, Boston
C W Meyer, Boston J B Gsrat A fy. iNevada
J Tavener, Sacrumento L Williams. Wlxon
L A Rlchfrds, Grnyson W H Bowden, Ontario
X W Masters, SntaKosa J Gallagher. Rocklln
H Roehier. Krance N C Lemont, France
X l.awrpncp&w, Oakland E btoakecker, Portland
E Brown, Nevada N H Palen, Oakland
C Waters. Sacramento J Ayer, Ruther ord
Ri; Sargent. Stockton V Small. Nevada
H G McKinley, Oregon T Wheeler, Nevada
Sirs M Palmer, Nevada J S Ciar», Walnut Grov*
W Jones, Vallelo a Stevens Nevada
A Gibson <fe w, Nevada F Hazen <fe w, Healdsbrg
GRAND HOTEL.
J Clark, Gllroy W Keeley, Nevada
A E Henry, Nebr U T Power. Auburn
> J Callamore.MenloPk J M Bell A w. Los Angs
J Hart well, Sacto F ."anford.Vallrjo
A Brown, Walnut Grove J J Dwyer, Sacto
S 'l' Brom well, Oakland T Lane, Oakland
N J i.arneu. Sacto A Ralney, Sacto
J T Wiekmore, Wrights Miss Jackson, Suisun
W A Ring, Cal C Galnes, N V
A Rllev. Kureka C Gnstafasen, Eureka
JM Vance A w, Eureka Miss Raymond, Kureka
JHadden.Cal J Rlley A w, Los Angeles
W R pyie A w. Gllroy G S McKenzle, Nap»
J T Grace, Santa Kosa Dr McCracken. Pasadena
C Lynde, San Jose P A Buell, Stockton
W C Van Saut, OblO F Cox, Arizona
T Flint Jr A w.San Juan B Owens, Cal
M L Bean, Cal M Morris, Redlands
G Halllday, Vallejo J F JJevendorf. San Jose
A L Burbank, >an Jose M P Gleeson, Mlddleton
G C Morrlll, Sulsun W H deValin.San Rafael
J C Hans m, ban Jose C H May, San Jose
X S ti rid ley, Nairn W Fried land. Santa Kosa
C R White, Castrovllle F A Boy c, Ked Bluff
t' l ox, sacto Miss Cox, Sacto
F Maion, Sacto J H Glide, Sacto
J H Glide Jr, Sacto T J Glide, Sacto
C ronroy Aw, Auburn W Steinback, Holllster
T B Terry, Cal POlohan, Arroyo Grand
C Donovan, Santa Maria J C Needham, Modesta
W Bruce, Chicago
palace hotel.
C A Molson, Sta Cruz A Alexander, Phlla
Dr C T Hebbett, U S N C H Brickwedel Jr. s s
J E Sperry, Prtlatid. Or (;hlnft
HAHenshaw, Brlngame C T Bliss, Carson, Nev
C B I.ewia, City of Mcx X J Babcock. t oronado
A I Jack, Paso Robles H Blnm, Yokohama
A ll< ffniMin, Shanghai V Btudwltz. Shanghai
Mrs L J Rose, El Rio A Newburger, N V
A I) Brannor, NY E A Watroua. ('oronado
W H Wyman, Coronado W M Wallace A w, Cor-
H W Child A xv, Helena on«do
M Latz, Magdenena A A pear A w, London
R w Irwin, Tokio A C Smith, Fresno
L Vrelaud, Los Ang Sol Loeb. N V
N A Topper, Denver A J Wainwrlghl, Bur-
C C Powning, Reno llngame
Chas R stenner. Albany A Klrby. U S N
P B Yates. Wls Geo X Goodman, Napa
E C Griffith, Santa Rosa J B Adams, Chicago
M A Cohen, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Arnold, Chautauqua R Hicks A w, Salinas
J Wright, Mlcjdlebury J Ellsworth, Mldlleoury
P McPiiervm, Stockton C Kelly, Stockton
C Baker, Kodeo G larthege, St Helena
J Arnold , Si H elena Dr Graham, Fresno
8 smith, CSX F F Kirk. U S N
J Delaney. Seattle R H Wise, Seattle
W Lucker, Seattle R Rumsey, Seattle
J Howard. Portland J w Moy^es, Portland
r, A Ltndo, Portland G Webber, los Angeles
G Brazur, Los Angeles P Morgan, Petaluma
Miss J Woodward. Cal F Bswn, Sacramento
J Gilmore, Vlcoria V/ A Hobro, Albany
J Jackson, Albany Miss J Brown, Seattle
Mr-t R balnter. Seattle W Proctor, N V
G E Dunbar, NY L Holcome, St Louie
E E Stuart, St. Louis
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R Fleiacner, Rio Vista 8 Blum, Butte
B Martin, San Lorenzo Mrs Martin, San Lorenzo
E OrvK Milton T Murphy. San Jose
A C lough, Oakland Mrs Dettruan, Bait Lake
C Coles, San Jose J Sumlsk, Chicago
A Schultz. Chicago BE.bst, Chicago
T Reynolds, Chicago R Cahlll, Portland
Mrs Migllavaeca, Napa Miss Mlgliavacca. Napa
M SUverihou, NY J Lawrence. Portland
Miss Jackson, Spokane Miss Mciiunulsa. SpoKne
B Barker, Livermoie J Jones & w, N V
E Keese, Bodie J Rhodes i w, Los Ang
T Longmore. Uopland J tit el, Chicago
X Hennessey, Or M lint: hen, Chicago
W Mattein A w, Brldgpt J Adams <£ w, Chicago
M Adams <fc c, Chlcaco Mrs Hennerdinger.Butte
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
John Leltz. Presidio John McCarthy. Nevada
X A Fitzgerald, Cal P I Mnrtrey, New Yonc
W Boyle, BenicU >' H Hoyt, London
W P Lewis, Seattle E A Caughlln A w. Cal
P Crossen, Alaska Jas Campbell. Woodslde
C M Gentry, Sao Jose J Jbcobnon, Gilroy
J P Carson, Knelling Herr yon hchroder.Berlln
M Kmbree, Dayton J M WlllUms, Modesto
W Parker it w, lowa C H Edmonds A w, lowa
J W Fraser A w, Jjinuba X Greenwood, Suunj-side
J Parkinson. Redwood J Small, Kein County
N Dupuy, Modesto H Gregory <fe w, Tucson
S Gii.espie. Chicago N Atkinson, Chicago
Hiss Daisy Lovelace, Cal
■ ♦ — ♦ *
She Sat for Victoria's Figure.
There is an old lady lying in the Penn
sylvania Hospital with a broken leg '- who
once sat lor the figure of a life-size paint
ing of Queen Victoria. She is Miss
Blanche Sully, and her her was Thomas
Sully, in his time a famous painter of por
traits. ' In 1837 he went to England with
a commission from the ' St. George's So
ciety to paint the portrait of young Queen
Victoria. He took his daughter with him,
and as she wan very nearly of the same
stature of the Queen she sat fur the figure
in her father's picture of 'Victoria, thus
saving the latter the annoyance of long
sittings. r>urine the sittings Miss Sully
became quite intimate with -her Majesty,
and brought back with her to this coun
try many delightful memoirs of her royal
friend.— Philadelphia Record.
' — •• — — • '
THE CALL CALENDAR.
DKr-EMBKB, 1896.
Su.
Mo.
|Tu.
IW.
Th.
|Fr.
|Sa.
Moon's Phases!
1
2
3
4
S
A New Moon.
■»J Dec. 4. .
7
8
9
10
11
12
___
Quarter
Dec- 11.
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
fifo Full Moon.
vS/--,Defl9..
20
21
n
23
24
25
2tS
/7*Mi«st Quarter.
Dec 27.
__
27
38
29
30
31
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PI O
eparture
roni
an
rnnclsco.
BTKAMEB | DESTINATION. |
sailh.
| PI KB.
U0r0n*:.....
P0m0na.....
-'z irina
Kureka. ....
arcaia
L'olambla. ..
A.Blanctaard
H0mer......
bantu Rosa.
City fuebla
T rue It ....
Kara) I 0n....
Coos 8ay.. . .
Empire
L'lty Of Para
Kntf or Cat.
>an Dieco. Deo 11. 11a
Humboldtßai Dec 11, 'iru
Coos 8ay..... . Dec 12,10 am
Newport ...... Deo la. -Van
Coos Bay Dec 13.104 M
Portland ...... I Dec U.IIUH
Oregon ports. lire 14, spm
Yaqulna Bay. j Dec 14, fiPM
ban DleKO [Dec 16. Haw
Vie & Pgt Und Dec 15, tun
Coos 8ay.....'. Dec 18, 2pm
Yaauina Bay. Dec 17. 9am
Newport .. Dec 17.',tAM
Oregon ports. . Dec 1 7. dpm
Panama....... Dec 18. lit m
I'nrtlnnii : I Dec 19. hum
Pier 11
Pier » i
Pier 8
Pier, 11
Pier 13
Pier 1 1
Pier l.i
PJer 2
eier 11
Pier 9
Her 3
Pier 3
Pier 11
Pier 13 |
PM 8»
P)-r 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STUUKK
KriiM
Duk
Weeott
Pro creso. :;.'....
Wasntenaw ....
(Columbia .....'
Rnreka ....:.
City Puebla....
AHceßlaucnard
Costa Rica.
A rcata. ;...;..;.
H0mer...........
Santa K05a.....
I'ruckee
Pomona
fc'arallon ;;;„-.
Coos 8ay.......
Snnoi
Empire. ..........
Walla Walls...
State of Cal..v.
Orizaba... ;".;.. V;
Crescent City...
Mar1p05a........
North ior*....
C0r0na.... .;..;.
Acapnico...;..v
L*T.arlnit. ......
Oregon p0rt5. ;....;.. ..;
5eatt1e...;;....;...... .
Tacoma.. ;.-.-.; ;....:
liana. ....'
Newport. :..:.. -..:.:. ... '
Victoria & Puget Sound
P0rt1and...:......
Departure 8ay.;.".;..;.".
Coos 8ay...... ....;.....
Coos 8ar......
San Diego. ....._;.-
Coos Bay.-........; ...-.;';
Uombold: Bay.' ...
Yaqnlna 8ay ....... "'
Newp0rt.....;.....
Grays Harb0r...........
P0rt1and. :......
Victoria * Putiet Bound
Portland. .'..'. ;:;.
Mexico ..'..... .•...•.-..".. ; ';
Crescent City. .;„;„;.;;
Sydney
Humboldl 8ay ... .....„•
San Diego. ."..'.... .".....;
Panama..;... ,;,.'.. ".."..;
Coo* 8rv....;: .-...:
..Deo 11
..Dec 11
..Dec 11
..Dec 11
.Dec 11
..Dec 11
..Dec 11
..Dec 12
..Dec la
..Dec 12
..Dec 13
..Deo: 14
..Deo 14
..Dec 15
.'.Due 16
..Deo 15
..Dec 15
..Dec 10
..Dec IB
..Dec 16
..Dec 10
..Dec 17
..Dec 17
..Deo 17
..Dec 18
..Dec IK
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. P. Coast and Gkodktic Sdbvky Ttdk"» .
Bulletin Publisher by Official ' >
AUTIfOBITY OF THE SUPKRIXTE.NDK.XT. •'• ) '
December— lß96.'.
.. Frlda ••. December 11. . t_•
snn «»<*.. ;.'..';. 7.171. M00»*r15e5......
Sun sets 4.61 1 Moon sett. ;;.....'
AM
i V"'." Feet I__| Feet ■'-'" Feet T * m " Few
V H \V ;'.■--.;■ I, \V | . ■■- H -v | •■;•■■-: I. W .
1 6.4*1 6.^ul.6u| 571 0.J4 , a.3|l..U* l.n
•i 6.24 -'6.2 • 1.08 16 6.87 3 4 11.46 ; 2.3
8 -8.66 6.2 1.53 \ 0.9 803 3.»> ..;... .....
L :-,W . B W , L v^ >■■■;■ Ji w
4 0.24 2.7 7.28 5.4 2.34 0.2 9.06 3.X
0 1.02 2.9 7.68 6.5 3.15—0.? 10.08 8.7
6 1.4H 3.3 H.Y2 ft.6 3.62 -0.7 11.05 3 9
7 2.i7 3.6 8.64 6.7 4.28-1.0 11.6 ft 4.1
Nor*- In the above exposition of the tide* tn«
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tide* of the day in toe
order of occurrence »5 to time. The second time
column gives the necond tide of the day, the thira
time column the third tide, and the last or rlgni x
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as sometimes
tccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractlre
from the deoth clven br the chart*.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrographie
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained In Sam Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free el
expense. ...
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and salilnc
directions of the world are kept on nan 1 for com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce. ..:,.. > -..,'■
The time ball on top of the building on Te'e
graph Hill 1* hoisted about ten minutes befo c
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island.
Cat.
A notice stating whether the time ball was.
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. la
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following dar.
* .(,.,, . W. H. Hushes. !
Lieutenant U. S. N., In charge,
The Time Ball.
IBASCH HTDBOfIBAPHIC OrrfOKS, V. a *. V
MKBCHANTS' EXCHA3MK V
Bast Fbancisco. December 10, ISM. )
The time ball was not dropped today on account
of failure of signals. „
• : ' . - '; W. B. Hushks,
LTi*ntPnnnt TT. S. N. -ni-harg.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. Arrived.
. . ■ ■ THURSDAY, December 10.
Br stmr China, Seabury, 24 days — hour*
from Hongkong via Yokohama 15 days 10
hours, via Honolulu 5 days and 16 hours; pass
and mdse to P M S 8 Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Strand, , 16 . hoars from
Mendoclno and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men*
dodno .Lumber Co. - ' . ■ ■
Htmr Pomona, Doran. 17 hoars from Eureka,;
pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. 22 boon >rm Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co. ,
■ Bchr -is ettie .low. Low. ■ 6 hours from Point I
Reyes: .5 bxs butter, to J X Newbauer A Co. d- I
Schr tttta B, Bourne. 8 hours from Tomales; 35 I
bxs butter, to Hiss <k Hew ell. ' 1
Schr Barbara Hernster, Pc erson, 8 hoars from I
Bow ens Landing; lumber, to F Hey wood.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. December 10.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp, Sydney and
Honolulu; J D Spreckels <fe Bros Co. • -
htmr Doric, Smith. Yokohama and Hongkong,
via Honolulu: O & O S S Co.
 StmrMlneola,Plllsoury, Com ox ; Pacific Imp Co.
Sailed.
'i-fi.-',\ THURSDAY. December 10.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, Yokohama and Hong
kong via Honolulu.
> Simr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Mexico, Thomas, Victoria and Puget Sound.
Stmr Noyo, Levmson. Fort Bragg-
Crescent City. Allen. Crescent Cltr.
stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp, Sydney and
Honolulu.
atmr Navarre, Miller, Hum bold Bay.
Br snip Andelena, Oil Is. Sydney,
, JBr bark In vercoe, Lents, Queenstown.
Bri< Geneva, Paulsen, Eureka, In tow of tug
Rescue. '
Schr Ealph J Long, Isigkeit, Waldsport.
Sclir Kaie and Anna, More an. seal aad otter
hunting. ..
Schr Challenger. Sonderud, New Whatcoau
Schr Newark. Beck, uowens Landing.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 10.— 10 p. H. — Weather
hazy; wind E; velocity Vi miles.
Charters
The br Geneva loads redwood at Enresa for
Sydney, 42s 80. ,
. Domestic Portt.
- TACOMA— Sailed Dec 10— Scnr Sal vat or, for
San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND-Arnved Dec 10— Stmr South
Coast, hence Dec 5.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Weeott, from
Coos Bay.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 10— Bark Vl
de-.te, from Port Townsend ; schr John D Tallaot,
from Port Townsend.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Dec 10- fnr
Alcazar, from Point Arena; Br ship Port Craw
ford, from Hamburg.
ALBION— Arrival Dec 10— Stmr Scotia.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Dec lU-Siinr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
' ' Eastern Port*.
NEW YORE.— Sailed Dec 10— Finance, for
Colon. BBjjqM
Foreign Porti.
\'OKOHAMA-In port Nov 23- Yacht Tolna,
from Sydney and -ouih -sea Islands.
HONGKONG— In port'Nov 11— ship Frei
burg:, for San Francisco. ' .
ACAPULCO- failed Dec 10— Stmr Acapnlco,
for San Francisco. ' i-- - ••-"j «••.,.«.,:"
; : SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 19-Bktn Chehalls. ,
from Vancouver, and sailed Nov 11 for Columbia 7~~
River. , \
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 24— Brstmr Warrl- *
moo. from Sydney; bark C D Bryant, from New
rattle, NSW. Nov 29— Brumr Mount Lebanon,
from Victoria.- Nov SO— Jap stmr >akur» Mara,
from .Yokohama. Dec 2— Brstmr. China, from
Yokohama. Dec 3— Br bark Wooilahra, from
Newcastle, NSW. Dec 4— Bktn SN Castle, hence
Nov 11. '-■.•.-.
wailed Nov 25— Br stmr Warrlmoo. for Victoria.
Nov -7 — Bark 3 C Allen, for ban Francisco. Nov
2 9 -Ger bark H Hackfeld, for San Francisco. Nov
SO V 8 stmr Albatross, for San Francis o. Dec
I— Br stmr Mount Lebanon, for Yokohama. Dec
a— Jap scmr Saw ura Maru. for Seattle.
V resets In port Dec 4— U S stmr A -lams; Br bark
Samoa, tor New York, about .lan J : Br baric
Snowdon. for New York about Dec 20 or 20; Br
bark Oak bank, for New Yor* about bee. 26 or SO;
bar*- CD Bryant, for San Francisco, Haw baric
Andrew Welch, for san Francisco, itec 20 or 26;
Haw bark Diamond Head, for San Francisco, Dee
«or 6: Haw bark Rosalie, for Royal Roads. Dec
6or 6: bark Albert, for San Francisco, Dec 8: Br
bark Wooilahra, discharging; bktn S N Castle,
discharging: Br stmr China, for San Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Arrived >ov 18— .-senr Anna,
hence Oct 31, and sailed Nov 24, for San Fran
cisco. . ■-•'■>
HONOlPU— Arrived Nov 24— Schr Muriel, hnce
Nov 7.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 9— Br ship Celtlo
Monarcn. hence July 21.
CaLETA BUEN A— Sailed 0ct. 24-Br ship Vic
toria Heclna, for Puget Sound.
UN IN— ln port Oct 80— Ital ship Emanuele
Ac-cam a, for San Francisco; Nor stmr Herman
Wedel Jarlsberg previously reported at Yoko
hama proceeds without repairs. - .Discharging un
necessary. Cargo uninjured.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Stesmsn,
YORK — Arrived- Dec Sttar Norwe
gian, from Glasgow: stmr Spree, from Bremen
and Southampton, - ■•■•■•■
Sailed Dec 10— -« r Dresden, for Bremen.
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out ■ Dec 10-Stmr
Havel.
COPENHAGEN- Arrived out Dec Hl-3tmr
Virginia. .
QUEKNSTOWN-Arrlved oat Dec 10-stmr
Campania. . . .. -'..',
i- ailed Dec 10— Slmr Germanic, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Dec 10— stmrMoblle, for New
York, . . . ...--■
LIZARD— Passed Dec 10— 3tmr Obdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
LEWIS ISLAND -Passed Dec Stmr Hekla,
from New York, for Copenhagen. . • • ■
EASTBOURNE-Passed Dec 10-Stmr. Massa
chusetts, from New York, for Liverpool.
■ Importations.
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— <9 bxs apples, 1 cs
linseed oil. 26 sks pota'o*s. 1 bx dry fiih.
Amesport— l34sks bat ley, 499 sks oats.
Moss Landing— l bx qim?r. 1499 sks potatoes..
Santa Cru— 32 bxs apples, 12 cs cheese, 200 obis
lime. 2 bxs butter.
■ MENDOCINO-Per Point Arena— B sis aba
lones, 2 pkgs mdse. - . -
F.URKKA— Per Pomona— 2 bxs fish. Ics shoes, '
281,230 shingles, 85 M snakes, 3 bxs plates, 21.
kegs 2 hf-kegs 4(i bxs butter, 1 cs cheese, 23 sks
peas, 6 bxs raisins, 3 sks nuts. 4 bbls mineral
water. 1 sk popcorn, 6 bx» apples. 10 sks potatoes,
1 cs drugs, 6 pkgs iron, 268 M ft lumber, : 1 keg
yeast 13 pkgs express, Isk cola. : .
E R and E R R— 49 odl 54 hi-bxs flih, Ibx fruit.
68 bxs apples, 1 84 bxs butter, - 2 cs dry goods, 10
CS 1 bbl Cider, 64 nkt wool. .< •
. HONGKONG. ETC— Per China— loo p*gs ko
pak, 462, pkgs matting, .38 pkg« silk Roods. 84
pitgs pare 494 pk«s tapioca. 280'J oka;* Japan
ese rice. 2789 pkgs orange*, 2001 pkes dates. 117
pkgs curios. 353 pkgs oil. ; 1033 pkgs ; tea, 8518
pkes rice, 3530 nkgs mdse, . - ■
Overland— lss pkgs matting. 78 pkgs silk
goods. 57 pkes parcels. 10 pkgs wild st k, S7pk«a
curios. 610 pkes raw silk, 6694 pkgs tea, 85 plugs
mdse.. ■ * - ; . ■•
Central and South America— pkgs mattlur,
67 pkes silk goods. 48 pkgs curios, 10 pkgs tea,
800 pkgs rice, 110 pkgs mdse.
ConaltiiMi.
Per Gipsy— H Cowell & Co: Dairymen's Union :
A W Fink & Co;-McDonous;h & Runyon: 51 jller ft
Son: Herman Joost: W P Fuller Co: H Durard;
Thomas Louchran: Wolf A Son; W P Fuller Co:
MT Frettas<£ Co: Garcia & Magslnl; Standard Oil
co.-Biß"w«ffitMß^aaa)wgm
Per China— A Fair; A C Robinson: Domoto
Bros: H 1-vvi A Co: H H Berhen & Co; X Morlta:
Ito sotoml A Co: HO Gr enhood; Anglo-CaUfor
nla Bank: London and Ban Francisco Bank; >1 J
Braudensteis A Co; C '■> Jennings: Parrott <fe Co-
Smith's Cash Store; JSwavne A Hoyt: The Fuji
Co; T J yon Outeren: Wm Roth; Chinese and Jap
anese merchants.
Per Point Arena— Standard Oil Co; Paul Relics r
A Hendr.clcsoa. '
Per Pomona— American Union Fish Co- H H.
Hogan: A Paladlnl; A O Bryan -hoe Co: Ber In A
Import:: I> Teedie: APaladini: Dairymen's Union-
Brlgham. Hoppe A Co; Dodge. Sweene\- 4 Co- V j
Corniel.y; UK Whitney * Co: Garcia Magglnl- *
C Doscher; Dolbeer A Carson; J R Hanlry; J F *
v n v- v », £*n ?, 8: Humb o»<lt Mineral Water Co: i
M Kallsh & Co; Wiel.-nd Brewins Co- McKav A I
Co; Milanl ACo: LT«u S sl 5: standard 0.1 Uo* y j * )
ln X u S il«: G Camllloni & Co; j H Newbauer A Co- /
vookAVm Arsdale Lumber Co: ABellnntl- H
Eana: Sacramento Fish Co: Pacific Coin Fish Co-
Hills Bros: Stock Brewers-- Hum. Saniiara * t-~
Hills Bros:. Stock :Brewerr- n u «. «„„,!„_, * ,"'
*'ells, Fargo A Co; Hill. Bros; TtSo* Pae
|f^ g^^ : D^ngr^L^^. j i r^RETURNS ALONE
AND UNHERALDED
General Kelly of Industrial
Army Fame Is Back
in Oakland.
Fatal Accidents That Have Over
taken Men Who Were
Oificers.
Two Are Killed in Rai road Accidents
One Goes Insane and Kel y
Is Deserted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
'JUS Broadway, Dec. 10. j
"General" Kelly is back in Oakland,
sans army, suns property, sans lieuten
r.nt and s;in* any claim whatever to his
titlp. If ever there was a lallen official it
is Mr. Kellv, who siipped into Oakland
very quietly a day or so ago. Unlike his
dtjiariure, with the army of tramps that
he. organized abo it three years ago, when
drums and trumpets marched at the head
of the procession as they took passaee on
the o!d vteamer Alviso, his return was not
(cv n heralded by a paltry press dispatch.
Kelly left Oakland some time a^o,
prior to the case of Policeman Scanian,
w ho was accused of assaulting Kelly whiie
speaking on the street. Kelly ond liis
wife and child went East in a covered
wagon, from which he lectured anl talked
ct rr.monwealism in eveiy village through
which .he passed. While in Oakland he
was a prosperous printer with a com
fortable home and family. His wife was
.once a very energetic member of the Sal
vation Array and one of the well-k'iown
Hayes sisters. Beiore leaving he broke up
his home and abandoned everything to
Jollow his wiM ambition.
Troubles of the mo6t violent type have
followed all the leaders of that hetero
genous army that collected three years ago
in some vacant stables on lower Broad
way. A man named Railton, who was
Kelly's tirst lieutenant, obtained notoriety
in Oakland in various ways and a few
weeks ago was killed by a train at some
little place in the mountains.
J. P. Cooper, who was always writing
letters to officials about gambling evils,
ajid who was known &< "Postal-card
Cooper," w;is also one of Kelly's officers
and frequently mude s; eerb.es at thf* stalie
barracks. On that eventful nieht when
Train-dispatcher Sims sent two trains :o
g.'iher at the Livermur* tunnel one of the
unlucky victims who was picked up in
I :ecH> wbs "Postal-card Cooper."
Samuel Speckman, who was the ora
tor of ihe Broadway barracks and who
at one time posed as an evangelist, is ihe
lnan who several weeks aeo left his home
during the night in We:-t Oakland and
wandered off and was sii] p sed to have
enired his life. A lew days ago he was
found in the hills at North Berkeley, ema
ciaed and partly insane, and was taken to
the County JaiL Efforts are now b:-in tr
made to try and restore his reason in a
private asylum.
All of the members of that army that left
Oakland have disappeared, and Mr. K^liy
;s a; : reseni without any followers. While
in the East he exjenercei trouble with
the labor organizations, s.nd it is nut at all
probable that he will attempt to gather
around him a Commonweal army in Oak
- land.
Salvation Army New Year Work.
OAKLAND, Cal , Dec. 10.— The Salva
tion Army i- making extensive prepara
tions to minister to the wants of the
unfortunates on New Year' 3 day. During
the in:ervfll between this and the dawn of
the year em l^sariei of the army are mak
ing a careful search of the town and are
preparing little inventories of what is
most needed in tne way of furniture, food,
clothes, and in many instances rent.
When these reports, which arc being
prepared without any ostentation and
with all po^sib.e privacy, are all in the
distribution of all the material and money
that shall have been received will be made
in accordance with them.
Found Dead in the Bay.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 10.— The remains
of the man wno was picktd up at the mole
yesterday wero identified to day as those
ofGustavA. Lundblad. Lundblad is the
man who jumped off the El Capitan a
week from last Saturday and took out his
watch while the boat was being lowered
and rowed to him. How he got into the
water the second time is not known.
EMPLOYES HAVE RIGHTS,
General Manager Kruttschnitt
Uses Some Pointed Lan
guage About Coal.
The Alameda County Coal Dea'ers'
Association Must Not Dictate to
Railroad Men.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Dec. 10. f
Some time ago the Alameda County
Coal -dealers' Association attempted to
have the railroad company stop selling
coal to employes on the ground tliat the
privilege was beinjjabused.
General Manager Kruit-chnitt has sent
a reply in which he says: "If any of our
employes choose to purchase a carload of
coa! and divide it up among themselves,
paying tariff freight rates and complying
with all the company's rules as to demur
rage on freight car«, we neither could nor
would object, as it would be an improper
interference with their individual rights.
Th«» seiling of car loads of coal from the
company's stock to employes i- a practice
that has received the sanction of the chief
executive officers of the Southern Pacific
Company and it is practically the same
complaint an you make about buying car
Joads of coal in bulk from the mines or
irom wholesale dealers.
"1 doubt wh<- her tlie Alameda Coal
dealers' Association could successfully en
force a rule requiring their own employes,
cucb as clerkb, leamsters and others, to
huv their supplies of coal, clothing, gro
ceries or other commodities from any par
tirular class or association of dealers.
Even if you could do it 1 am unwilling to
bO far disregard the personal nsrhts of our
employes as to authorize the experiment.
The restrictions placed on furnishing coal
,rom the company's stock prevent others
than pmpioyes irom obtaining It. We
have received the most poartire assurance
Jrom A. D. Wilder that no coal has ever
been fnrnished io outsiders. _.,_„,
•We appreciate highly the business
djen" by the coal-dealers of Alameda
County over our lines, and *'»««*•
plea u're fit all times in giving the moat
careful consideration to sp- cine in
s of infractions of our rules as out
lined above." . . .
i't.e case of Mr. Rowland was heard of
in a separate letter.
TO CUlij: A COLD IN ONJS »AY.|
...YativoßromoQuinint; Tablets. All drug
fiali rciuud the mojuey U It mils Wtu. ,
MOST FEARLESS RIDER IN ALAMEDA COUNTY,
OAKLAND, Cal , Dec. 10. — The most dashing equestrienne in Alameda
County and probably in the State is Miss Laura Lockwood of this city. It is
the opinion of her friends that Miss Lockwood should be given an opportunity
to display her wonderful ability with the hors-e at the great show across the
bay. But the brave little rider's modesty forbids her '.rom seeking any such
notoriety. In the great Republican parade a few weeks ago Miss Locktvood
carried the banner at the head of Mayor Keller's Piedmont cavalcade, and her
dextrous riding was greatly admired. Reins are of liitle use to her, for bhe can
ride as well without them. On the occasion of the next parade, which will
probably be during the coming municipal campaign, Miss Lockwood will again
appear with her handsome horse.
BLIND CHILDREN
PAID A VISIT
Governor Budd Investigates
Affairs at the Berke
ley Asylum.
Tainks That Wealthy People
Should Pay Tu.tion for
Their Children.
Careiul Irquirv Into Broom-Making
at the Tc mescal Home lor
the Blind.
BERKELEY.CaI., Dec. 10.— "It's a won
derful institution, wonderfully con
ducted," said Governor Budd to-day of
the institution for tue deaf and the blind.
"Only Dr. Wilkinson ou^ht to have ad
vertised for bids on supplies," he added,
referring to the recent controversy over
the methods of purchasing goods needed
lor the establishment.
The Governor's visit to the institution
was at the invitation of Assemblyman
Howard E. "Wright of Berkeley. There
were several Assemblymen and Senators
in the party.
The visitors were shown by Dr. Wilkin
son through all departments of the insti
tution. Interesting exhibitions of the
work done in the various classrooms were
given.
Governor Budd declared himself strongly
in lavor of a change in the rulea of admis
sion to the institution whereby those who
can afford to do so would be compelled to
pay for board and tuition. The Governor
thought it wrong that the State should
assume the burden of boarding and teach
ing the blind and deaf children of rich
people.
Dr. WilkiDSon and others defended the
present system, which is in vogue all over
the Union except in Florida, Dr. Wilkin
son said, and there was a lively discussion.
In the assembly iiall the visitors were
entertained by Miss Gussie Mast,!the well
known blind soprano,who sang "Tho Holy
City," with piano and organ Bccompani
ment, and was vigorously applauded by
all present.
A new buildinqr for hospital purposes is
hoped lor as a result of the visit.
At lunch the executive was the guest of
Dr. and Mrs. Wilkinson and in the after
noon he went to the Home for Adult Blind
in Oakland, while the remainder of the
party visited the State University.
A grand rally of students vyas held in
the big lent in honor of the visitors, each
of whom made a brief speech on me sub
]"• ct nearest to the students' hearts. The
Assemblymen and Senators pledged them
selves to work in the next Legislature for
a big appropriation for the university and
their remarks were received with enthusi
astic cheers.
After leavine the State institutions at
Berkeley Governor Budd vis, ted the
Home tor Adult Biind, on Telegraph ave
nue. He was accompanied by Colonel
James, and made a close inspection of as
much of the institution as time permitted.
Student Cadets Reviewed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 10.— A grand
review oi the cadets at the Slate Uni
versity was held this aiternoon in honor
of Prefid nt Kellosg. It was ihe regular
semi-annual j>a ade of the student-soldiers,
and their Ja-t drill for this term. As a re
sult ihey were at their b"st and presented
an imposing scene as they were lined up,
800 strong. A large crowd of visitors were
on hand to watch the maneuvers of the
younc soldiers.
In the reviewing stand, besides Presi
dent Kellogg, were ex-Governor Pachcco,
Regent Denicke, Professor E- W. Hilgard
and Professor Cornelius B. Bradley.
No Executive Committee,
BERKELEY. Cal., Dec. 10— Contrary
to all expectations the proposition beiore
the students of the State University io
elect an execuiive committee of three
members, who should have entire control
over football matters, was defeated to-day
by a ballot of 273 against 210. From the
intere-t shown by the student body at the
meeting held last Tuesday, when the ques
tion was brought up. and when Colonel
Geo-ge C. Edwards, the prince of athletics
ai Berkeley, spoke so strongly in its favor,
it w us the general opinion that the meas
ure was sure to carry. But to-day the
contingent which opposed the proposition
got in its deadly work and overthrew the
.scheme.
She Will Recover.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 10.— Mrs. Jen
nie M Younjr, wlio was thrown from the
local train > at Dwight ■ ..-station last
night, and ■ who was • picked up a short
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
time after in an unconscious condition, is
much improved and the physicians say
she will recover.
Berkeley Briefs.
The University Glee Club returned to-day
from their brief concert tour to Sacramento,
where they gave a concert lust nigbt.
Rev. Robert Mackenzie of Sun Francisco
will lecture to-m(irrow evening at the First
Piesbyterian Church on "Air Castles."
Charles Butters, the well-known Berkeleyan
who was recently incarcerated for a period in
the Pretoria jail, South Africa, by Boers, is on
his way home. He left New York for this
State today, accompanied by his family.
The annual fair of the Unitarian Society will
take place to-morrow and Saturday in the
Shatiuci: bloc;. An elaborate display of
fancy goods and bric-a-brac has been arranged
by the ladies ot the socit* ty.
ADVERTISED ALAMEDA.
A. W. J Gibb.s Lectures Around the
Wwrld Upon California.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 10.— After an
absence of fifteen months, during which
time he talked of the resources of Cali
fornia, A. W. J. Gibbs returned home to
day. He is a prominent member of the
Order of the Sons of St. Qeoree and Ma
sonic fraternity, and whiie away visited
over 200 lodges in many countries. His
wife accompanied him and seemed to
stand the trip as well as her husband.
"Every place we went," said Mr. Gibbs
to-day, "people were interested in Cali
fornia. I lectured often, using stereopti
con views, and tbey all seemed to want to
come home with me. I have no doubt
that the advertisement will bring many
people here durine the coming year." He
visi.ed England, Ireland, France and
other places;
TO THE BOYS' RESCUE.
Handsome Ladies Beautifully Cos
tumed Aid a Worthy
Cause.
Booths and Their Occupants at the
Opening of the Carnival of
Nations Last Night
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 10.— This was
the opening day of the "Carnival of Na
tions," under the auspices of the Ladies'
Auxiliary of the Boys' Brigade. Armory
Hall presented a cosmopolitan scene with
the Irish, Dutch, Mexican, Scotch and
Japanese booths filled with people repre
senting their countries. The doorway was
decorated with bamboo, while inside all
was bunting and flags of the various
nations.
The attendance included nearly all of
the church folks of this city and East Oak
land, with a number from outside. The
gay costumes and happy, smiling faces of
the young people made an attractive
scene. Sacramento, Stockton, Santa Cruz
and West Berkeley are interested, but will
be only lightly represented.
The programme opened with the Anon
orchestra's overture and a grand march of
all the characters represented. Professor
E. D. Crantlall rendered a solo, after which
came a gypsy tableau by the occupants of
the tent. Mrs. H. F. Sheldon won much
appiause in her recitation. Then camp the
Brownie chorus, by Eric Pollard, Clifford
Anderson, Chester Martin, Ernest Wilson,
Basil Ward, Harry Loveioy, Warren
Innes, Felton Maillot, Jesse Walton, Will
Pollard, Arthur Wetmore, Horace Hard
well and Harold Fisher. Mrs. Jennie
Jehu was in charge of them. The pro
gramme closed with a pretty ian drill
under the direction of Miss Maude Jehu.
Those participating were Miss Pariser,
Miss Jones, Miss Forderer, Miss Nelson,
Miss McMulien, Miss Getty, Miss Hand,
Miss Tretheway. Miss McCurdy, Miss Mc-
Glauffin, Miss Edith Pariser, Miss Gunn,
Miss Pollard, Miss bovarci. A splendid
programme is arranged for to-morrow
night.
The Unitarian Club.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Dec. 10.— The gentle
men of the Unitarian Society, who gave
such a successful harvest dinner last
month, met last evening in the churcb
and organized tb •> Unitarian Club of Ala
meda. The objects of the club are: To
meet, in the most informal way, one even
ing every two weeks and spend iwoor
three hours in friendly intercourse, the
luxury and comfort of smoking (to those
who consider it such) bnng permissible.
The officers elected were: 0. L. Weller,
president; E. J. Holt, vice-president; B.
C. Brown, secretary ana treasurer. The
admission fee was placed at ?1, with 10
cents per month dues.
A Great Success.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dc 10.— The open
ing concert of Miss Ellen Beach Yaw at
the MacdonouEh Theater was a great suc
ce«s, many people being unable to obtain
yeats. Late to-night the management de
cided to repeat the concert on Saturday
evening.
Rev. Dr. Weudte Will Preach.
. Rev. Dr. Charles W. Wendte of Oakland will
preach this j evening at , Temple , Emanu-El,
Sutter street, on the subject, "The Univer
sality, Power and Permanence of Religion."
The public is cordially invited to be present.
MRS,LAURA JAMES
AND HER WEDDING
Says It Took Place in Her
Late Husband's Back
Parlor.
Pretty Love Story Told b? a
Witness in judge Ciffey's
Court
Dr. Charles A. Jsme?, the Aged Suitor,
Was Fond ol Music and Adored
the Musician.
The late Dr. Charles A. James, who died
in this City on the 28tn of January, 1893,
was a warm wooer, according to the testi
mony of the young woman who poses as
his widow and calls herself Airs. Laura
Miln Jiimes.
Incidentally it may be mentioned that
this name is accorded to her in the court
proceeding, following the precedent *et in
the Blythe case, where Alice Edith Dicka
son was called Mrs. Blythe all through
the trial, although in the final decree it
was adjudged that she was never the wife
of Thomas H. Biytbe and, therefore, not
legally entitled to bear his name.
Mrs. James is claiming the estate of the
late doctor and io Lack up the assertion
that she was married to him presents to
the court a contract of marriage, whicn, it
is said, was found in his desk alter his
death. The document is as follows:
i San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 6, 1895. ■
: We the uutleis got-U, Charles A. J times,.
:ag(?J 60, and Laura Miln. agud 19, d hert-by;
: mutually bind ourselves unto each oih»r;
:«» husband and wile. This ;<greeine:u or:
:contraci to b- authoriiv lor same before:
: God aud man. i iiari.ks a. James, :
; Laiha .Mils.
Mrs. James looked very pretty as she
took the witne.-s-stpnd in Judge Coffey's
court yesterday to tell of her marriage
with her aged admirer. The story of the
courtship was interesting to all," and no
interruption was had until the all-import
ant document w.<s handed to the court,
when Attorney G>orge D. Shad burne ob
jected to its introduction. As it is of vital
importance a struggle for its admission as
evidence will of course be made, but that
will come later.
After admitting that she is 20 years old,
Mrs. James was allowed to relate the
way in which she and Dr. James grew to
love each other. She sai<i : "'I first met
Dr James on the 13tb of December, 1b94,
at 925 Howard street. Mrs. M In, my step
mother, and I took rooms there. 1 met
Dr. James in the hall and Mrs. Miln in
troduced me to D . James. I had catarrh
and took treatment from him every day
lroni December 14, 1894. In my room I
had a piano and practiced about four
hours a day. Dr. James haa no regular
office hours. If I was playinsr be would
come in our room. I remember the first
time he came into the front parlor while I
was playing. He said I played beauti
fulJy and he loved music very much. He
came to hear me play."
It seemed to be a case of love at first
sight on the part of the doctor, at least,
for the next day after they met he began
to give Bohemian luncheons to his in
amorata. The lady's test mony pro
ceeded: "On the 14ih, in the evening, we
had lunch, furnished by the doctor. We
had cream cheese, crackers, pickles and
sour wine, and sat together till quite late
in the hack parlor. He often came in and
said, 'You have no tire in your room,
come into my office.' About Christmas
he came into my room while I was play
ing and said, 'You are a fine pianist.'
Those were his exact words He said that
was the sweetest music he had ever heard.
I had the music in my hands. Sydney
Smith was the author. Other pieces were
played. 'Longing' was one.
"it is quite a dreamy piece, soft and
sweet, in the major key. He did not
like classical music. His favorite
song was 'Love's Sorrow.' It is sad and
sweet. I sang it three or four times. He
said it was very sweet, and that I sang it
beautifully. He .picked up the ninsic
and kissed it."
All tuis was preliminary to the avowal
of love and proposal of marriage, which
came the day before Christmas, eleven
days after they met.
Continuing somewhat coyly, Mrs. James
said: "On the 4th of December I went
into bis back parlor about half-past 9
o'clock in the evening. He had a fire and
I sat beside it. He said: 'Little one, I
didn't think I was capable of loving as I
love you.' He asked me to marry him."
Then, of course, the lawyers wanted her
to repeat the exact words of the proposal,
and she testified that he said, "Will you
marry me?"
"What did you say ?" insisted the attor
ney, and tae witness replied: "I said I
had never thought of marriage. He kissed
me on the for head, and he said if his
life's devotion would make me happy he
would give it to me. He said he knew he
was an old man, but that he had a young
heart.
"I marie no reply except that I had not
thought much about marriage, and that I
would speak to Mrs. Miln about it, and
that I would write to my father, who wan
in the mountains. He gave me a ian for
a Christmas present
"From that day on Dr. James kept con
stantly asking me to give him an answer
to bis question.
"On the evening of January 6, 1895, while
we were seated together in the back par
lor, he said he wanted me to marry him
there and t en, and I askid him how that
could be done. He said we could be mar
ried by contract, and had me write out a
contract by his dictation, which we both
Bit-Red and considered ourselves married."
When Attorney Cotton handed the con
tract to the court Attorney S adburne
interposed an objection and a long argu
ment ensued, in which Attorneys Hart
and Hudson al>o took part.
Among other things it appeared that
the use of the word husband in the con
tract may cut an important figure in de
termining the case, as Mr. Cotton thought
that Supreme Court decisions as to "man"
and wife contracts were different to what
they would be in regard to "husband"
and wife contracts.
Judge Coffey aeemed to be inclined to
admit the contract "for what it is worth, "'
as the lawyers say, but suspended judg
ment on that point until some future day.
Mr. Shadburne argued from some of the
decisions of the Supreme Court of Cali
fornia that the signing of such a contract
and assuming marital relations did not
constitute a legal marriage.
There seemed to be general rezret on
account of Dr. James' brief happiness as a
married man, for he died in twenty-two
days after that back parlor contract wed
ding. In order to give the attorneys time
to prepare for fnrther argument the case
was continued until next Monday.
A FEMALE TRAMP.
Arrested While Wearing Male Attire
En Kiute Through Alameda
County.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 10.— Two tramps
who were arrested by Officer Sill to-day
proved to be a man and a woman.
The woman said that her name was
Jane Van Vever and that she was but 17
years old. although she looked consid
erably older. Her companion gave the
name of William Cr.tft and his age 31.
He had $72 85 on his person, as well as
two waicnes. From his appearance he
did not seem to be an ortlkiary tramp at
all.
Miss Van Vever said that she picfeed np
with the man in ?an Francisco and that
he did not know she was a woman. She
refused to ;-ay anything nboui her rela
tives or home anJ was quite indignant
when pressed for answers to questions.
The woman's lace fs considerably sun
burnt r.n<! she could easily be taken for
a man. Her attire was of the usual tramp
order.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sab Francisco Call,)
9UB Broadway, Dec. 10. j
An effort is being made to permanently iia
proveTftud boom Clay street.
A neat fort,'f r i* at work, and his latest suc
cess was to obtain $43 50 from J. F. Fahy.
The funeral of Edwin W. Berry, ihe old
time newspaper man, took plaue this after
noon.
Phil Walsh and J. W. Stetson boih claim to
b 1 president of the Young Men's Republican
Cub. rt'alsii has called a meeting lor to-mor
row night.
Mary Duceo, a girl living in the Portuguese
colony, has caused the arrest o; Manuel
Fouies tor betrayal. Foute3 makes an abso
lute denial.
Gardener Johnson pleaded guilty to-day to
disturbing the peace of the domestic whose
room he entered to recover his letters and
photograph.
•—• — ♦ — •
LUNCHEONS AND RECEPTIONS.
The Debutante la the Guest of Honor at
Swell EntertainmenU.
Mrs. A. N. Drown save an elaborate lun
cheon yesteiday at her home on Jackson
street, complimentary to her debutante
daughter, Miss Bernice Drown. The
guests were seated at seven small tables,
each one of which boasted of an original
and distinctive decoration. The excellent
menu wa:i discussed by thirty-four young
ladies.
On Tuesday afternoon Miss Mattie Whit
tier entertained twelve young ladies at
luncheon. The decorations of the dancing
room were all in red and the table waß
bright with an artistic arrangement of Me
teor roses. At the plate of each guest was
an artistic name-card, ornamented with a
GH^on head in water-colors.
Mrs. D. N.Walter nave a luncheon to
twenty-three youne: ladies on Wednesday,
complimentary to Miss Freda iieilman ot
Los Anceles. who will the winter
with her uncie, I. N. Hellman. A deli
cious menu was disou-sed amid most de
lightful surroundings.
Mra. Carroll and Miss Elizabeth Carroll
were at home yesterday at their residence,
corner of California and Van Ness ave
nue. It was the second of a series of
Thursday at homes, and there was a large
number of call er.-. Mrs. Carroll and Miss
Carroll wre assisted in receiving by Miss
Mattie Whittier, Miss Helen Wagner,
Miss Vane and Miss Komie Wallace.
Mrs. Maurice Casey and Miss Kate May
Dillon were at home yesterday afternoon
from 3to 6 at their residence, corner of
Suiter and Franklin streets. This was
the first opportunity their many friends
had ot paying their respect* since their re
turn from their extended European tour.
Miss Helen Schweitzer and Samuel
Sterfel of New York will be married at
the residence of the bride, corner of Post
and Leavenworth streets, on the oth of
January next. It will be a noon wed
ding.
Mrs. Louis Schwabacher has sent out
cards for a grand ball on Saturday even
ing, the 19: h, at her home, 1820 Clay
street. The affair is in honor of Mi*s Min
nie Schwabacher and Miss Estelle Wang
enheim, both debutantes.
Mrs. Clark Burnham gave a delightful
euchre party yesterday. An interesting
game was played, and dainty prizes
were awarded the victors.
Feast of Our Lady of Gnadalupe.
The annual feast of "Our Lady of Guada
lupe" will be celebrated at the Spanish church
next Saturday, the 12th inst., with great pomp
and solemnity.
The church, which has been lately beauti
fully frescoed, will be elaborately decorated
by the ladies of the parish. Groat pains are
being take'i in the ornamentation of the main
altar with flowers, candles, etc.
The high mass will be at 10 o'clock. It will
be celebrated by Rev. Father Viladomat. The
panegyric will be pronounced by Rev. Father
E-cobar of the city of Guatemala.
Lejeul's new mass, which was lately sung at
the French church with great eclat, will be
rendered again with orchestral accompani
ment specially written for the occasion.
At the oflertory Arrillaga's "Aye Maria," for
soprano, alto and chorus.
The soloists are: Sopranos— Miss A. Rot
tanzi and Miss A. Coonev; altos— Mrs. G. Sut
ton, L. Stephaney mid Miss N. O'Rourke;
tenor, \V. E. Smith; bassos— ll. B. Passmore,
H. Bassiord and \V. Nielsen.
The mas 8 will be under the direction of fhe
composer. A. Lejeal, and the organist of the
church, 8. Arnllaga, will preside at the
organ.
Receiving Stolen Goods.
Charles Clausen, clerk Jn a pawnshop at 624
Montgomery street, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by Judge
Conlan in s*looo bonds on a charge of receiv
ing stolen goods. On August 24 he purchased
from H. V. Marvin, a petty larceny thief, a
dress coat, pair of tr >users, opera tjlis* and
revolver, valued at $69, for $2 50, and failed
to register the purchase in his books. Tiie
articles were stolen irom Dr. Franklin
Pancost.
NEW TO-SAT.
Recent U. S. Gov-
ernment food tests
show that of all com-
mon foods but one,
and of ALL drinks
none come within forty
per cent of containing
as much nutriment as
cocoa.
The only fresh co-
coa on this coast is
GHIRARPELLrS— it
is made here.
Pure and strong.
32 cups, .25 cents. v
■ I !
V^TV JDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1»«(J3 ()U5 KEABW ST. Established
BnPj^i' 1 ' I**-* forthetreatmentof I'rivato
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
()«r>Ki;AK.\V>iT. f'.suibltshi'd
in 183.4 fortbetreatinentof Private
I)lsew;f8, Lost Manhood. Debility or
• WP)j|K% disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
! i^GMi^nmi Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen ■
iJ^pffl^^ others fall. ; Try him. ■■ Charges low. ■
ri,vc«Kiiaiauii'<'d. Call or write.
Or. J. V. uIBBOK. Box l»s7.San Franciscan
OCEAN TRAVEL. -_ - ■ '£- ;
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At UV. M. JJally. ir»>i(jlu received ay
■.-,■■,■■..-::■■■■ - to >|U P. M. : •.•<■.-.■■,.■ .--..
Kg" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. . \
' its only line matins through rates on ValiW
BoadfreiKht..;; ; BXKAJUSBSs ... . ..
T.C.Walker, J. D. ret«r«,
Mary tiarratt, .- City of Stockton.
' '1 eit'pUwau iliua 803. Cm. -n-*v. uua lmvb~C«
-•■ ' - .-'■ ' - - .:- .■ -, m «> '■'_, V r '
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. ;;•
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutler Strejl.
Telephone— Main 5181.
NOTICE TO "PECO RAT ORS.
THIS DAY.
Friday.. ...*....'....... December. 11. 139 C, I
. At 11 o'clock a. m., in Our Salesrooms,
. . . . WI will SHI —
»3nof> TV OUT 1 1 OF DKCOBATIOWS,
Consisting of Flas«. Banner*. Bunting, Shields.
Spears; about 15.000 Japanese I^iuterns, Japan-
ese Umbrellas, etc.
JEDWAKD S. SPEAR A CO., Auctioneers,
'.-■'. \ 31 and 38 Satter street.
SELLING OUT
AT HALF COST— WAGONS. BUGGIES, CART}
AM) HARNESS OF KVKRY DESCRIPTION',
3 both New an. t teonrt-hand. No oiler retused.
11S--1138 MISSION ST KET. .
.•'•..,;-■ - ■ MAO IP A v A <•"■
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ uSJPu
HAWAII. SAMOA, fin HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, |1 BY
;; AUSTRALIA. \/S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. H. ALAMEDA sails vi» HONOLULU an.l
AUCKLAND lor SVDSKY, Thursday, December
10, at 'i P. M. ••..■■•• '
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, December 29. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
Line to ( OOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. I). SPRKCKELS & BROS. CO Agents,
•;.... v. :, 114 Montgomery street.
JFrelcht Office, 327 Market it. San Krancisci).
PACIFIC COASTJTEAffISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVj-: BROADWAY J^fAm
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: wwni -B
For Mar- Island, l-orlnic, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
lisuoo and Sltka (Alaska), a: 9 a. m., Dec. 10. "-'O.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, .Tacoma, Everett. A nacones and |
; New W atcom (Bellin«-hnm Bay, Wash.}, 9 a. M.
i Dec. ' 5, 10, 15. 'JO, 26. 30. and every tifih day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTa<onia with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with O.
N. Kyi, at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ureka, Area a aud , Fields Landtne (Hum.
boldtßar).'Btr. Pomona 2 p. m., DC 3. 7,11, 15,
I 19. 23, 27. 3., and every fourth day thereafter.
: For sunta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayueos,
Port Harford (San 1 uls Oblspo), Gsvioia, Santa 1
1 Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, &an Pedro, Kast .San
i Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at; 9 a. M.
i Dec. 1, 5, 9. IS, 17, 21, 26, 29. and every fourth |
day thereafter. . .-...'. ■ : , - .':-.'
-'. For sun Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(Ban Luis Oblspo), >anta Barbara, Port. Los An-
>eles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. ,ll
a.m. Dec.3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, V! 7, 31, and every fourth
day thereafter. '. .
- For Ensetiada, Han Jose del Cabo. MazaUan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer : Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month. .
i lie Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
. 10 Market a:.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
. .DISPATCH FAbT STEAMERS TO i ■.
POFITLAIST ID
From Spcar-streei Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F» T>T?/*I!J FlMt-claas \ Including
. V J.l £j 1 Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California.... Nov. 29. Dec. 9,19, 29
Columbia Dec. 4, 14, 24
. Through tickets and through . baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applied- .
uou to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Affont.
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Kup.grjntgDden; «
COfIPAGSIEGESERAL TRIISATLAITIQDI
French. Lino to Ham.
COMPANY'SPIER(NEVV"),42 NORTH >V*S«
\j River, foot of Morton st- Travelers by -f&iu^
this line avoid both transit by English railway anj |
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a soi*li
boat. I New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Vuru,
first-class $lbj; becond-cUss, $114 ...
LA CM A MP.A 0NE.. ..;..:.„.'..... Dec 12, 5 A. U.
LA TOURAINE Dec. 19. 9 a. m.
LA GASCOUNK........ Dec. '26, sa. M.
LA NOF.MaNDIE Jan. 2
LA BRKTAGNK .Jan. — — —
*_. jt kic xunuex particulars Kpply to
A. FORGET, Aspnr), ■ ■
ICO. S. Bowling Green, Now York.
.r. f. ruOAZI & CO., Afceuu, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San >'iancisco. ...
WHITE JJTAR USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BBTWBKS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAi.l_A>ijr r.il.ia \viiJSK.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jßfß*-
ing to steamer and accommodations tßttm
selected ; second cabin, 1$ .'& 50 and «4<" 50; Majei.ia
ami Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway cud Denmark
; through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
I from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at ins
General Office of the Company, 013 Market street
under Grand Hotel. U. w. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Pucilic Coast.
YALLEJO AI»D U. S. HAVYYARD.
BTKAXBB ••aiONTICKIAO,"
Daily ex. Sat. & Sun.. *10:30 A.M.. 4 and 9:30 p. m.
Saturdays... *10:30 a. m., 4 p. m.
Sundays .....8 p.m.
Landing Misslon-stree- Dock, Pier 2. •
Telephone Black 261. ■
•Excursion trip, giving 6 hours at Navy- Yard.
FOR AS JOSE, 10S GATOS & SASTACRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso dally at
! 6 -p. m. (Sundays' excepted). Freight and Pas-
i senger, i-are between Ban Francisco and Alviso,
j 50c; to San Jose, 75c Clay st., Pier 1. 20 W.
' Santa Clara St., San Jose. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic <®|p|rj
Pacific -^^^L
RAILKOAD F^^^lslilwiilj
Trains leave anJ urrlva atfi«C^SSß jSlUra
Market-Street Ferry. 6 Wi? '^^^^M
SANTA FE EXPRESS. l^^^B
To Chicago via A. & v •Ks>JSr&fes> X
Direct Line •'^»«S»ip'"'^sg9
Leaves da ly at 4:30 p. M.,carrrlne Pullman Palace
I Drawing-room and Modem Upholstered Tourht
I Sleeping-cars, which run dally through 10 Chic* -;o
I via Kansas City. - Annex cart for Denver and Su
! Louis. ■ ■'■','•
t iso-j'.on Kxcurslcns. via Kansas City, Chicago,
! Montreal and . the White .Mountains leave every
Ti esday. - ■• ■ - - :
The best railway from California to the East. '
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
, St.. Chronicle Building:. Telephone 3lalu
.ir.S'. -Oakland. 1118 Uroadway. .->.-•-■»; )
KORTO PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sauaalito Ferry).
Item Baa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. 1891
WEEKDAYS. *
I for Mill Valle» and san Rafael— l l2s, •9il\ |
11:00 A. M. »1:45, 3:45, *5:15. •5:45,8:30 P.M.
i Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wednes- .
: days and Saturdays at. 11 -.30 p. m. .
■ ■ SUNDAYS. . '-'■
For Mill Valley end San Rafael— *B:oo. "10:01 !
•11:30 a. m.: 1:1*0, 3:00. *4:30. 6:15». U.
Trains marked run to san Quentin. v
THROUGH. TRAINS. . . .. .;, .
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:29 A. M.
Weekdays, 8 -.00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. M. batoi>
days. .-.■■--,.-"- .■ . ' . .- - •'- ■ - ■,.
i or Cacadero and way station*— 7 A. M, wael*
4aya; 1:45 r. v. Saturday. :: . .
TOUIT TAMALPAIS.
. Trains - connect with North Pacific
Coast Hailroad. . . ... ■ v . .*. --.' ...
WEEK DAY*- u-ave 8. F. 9:1"> a. m. 1:4 r. m.
Returning— Arrive S. f. 3:25 p M. '. 6:20 p. M.
SUNDAYS— LeaveS.F.B A.M 11:30 a.m. I:3Upm.
Returning— Arrive S.F.I :15 p. M. 4:20 P.M. 7:35 p it. '
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or '•"
'.;'- TUOs COOK <t >O.\S, 021 Market St., 8, V.
KU V*U«r and Mount Tanaipais Scenic Kftilwa*
i ■
IfS#% MANHOOD RESTORED--'-"-.
ukjZeZJ&®M i'«nllilllWMW lltnlJ S VllttWVitallzer.theprescrlp.
1W "<•' (Ft BrS "■ 23? tat " on ° r a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
IK- ,\l%r ' -■ Vi vous or disc-ases of the generative orgam, such as lost Manhood.
vL &&I Vi AmJA Insomnia, l'alns in the Buoli, Seminal Emissions. Nervous Debility
I ar^L \ S^W Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicorele and
■ V/". ' r '.' V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
■••'- y_V • ' dfss of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
ac co C . -«. a rrro all the horrors of Impotency. CVPIDE.IE cleanses the liver, Ui«
HbruKt *»° ♦*" ' in thpiirinary organs of all impurities.
1 CUPinENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ■ ■ ■-.
7 The reason sufferT- are not cured by. Doctors is because ninety per c?nt are troubled with
'•■"-■ Proatatltin. COPlDEXElsthooniyknoJ'nremedv' to cure without an opf ration. 5000 testimoni-
■ls. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent euro,
i.: |U>o a box , six for $5.00, by mail. Send for fbee circular and testimonials.
;.V'.;- Address DAVOii MJiDICINJS CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
•r-i,:. ... PHARMACY, 119 PoweUst«»fc
ENTIRE STOCK OF BILUffHY
At 1211 Stockton Street
WILt, UK SOLD THIS DAY, V
.Friday ...;....-.;... December 11, '1898,
At 2 p. M.
AND CONTINUING.. :
This stock consists of about ' 300 Hats, trimmed
In Hie latest aalllOD, about 1000 Uri rinirr.- d Hats,
liaihers. Mbbons. Velvets, jb'lowera and Trim -
mlnf-s; also about «5000 worth of Hair Goods,
together >vlih numerou? Toilet Articles, >' stores,
Shclv.'n?, Tables, Chuirs. Carpet and Mirrors.
Sale absolute. pe$««HMnH
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
CBAS. LEW & CO.. AU(JTID.\ESIIS.
Sulesrooins-1135 Market Street.
; ■ THIS DAY.
Friday. December 11, 1890,
At 10 o'clock a. M . Bt hulesroom.
MAKKKT ST., bet. 7th an a Sth.
tgt?' WKIVII.LSKLI.
AN«ipLbOAXT LINK Of FURNITURE,
Carpets; Stoves and Ranges, etc.; Wardrobes:
Mantel Mirrors: Bed Lounges, etc.
' • CHAM. LEVY <fc CO.; Anrtlnneorv
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE m FRANCISCO A\D JJAQUII
HUM RAILWAY COMPASF.
Kxcurslons in connection with California Navi-
gation and Improvement Company's boats will bo
run between ban Francisco ana i'iesno to accom-
modate visitors to the Fresno Citrus Fair. The
first will leave san , Francisco on urday, De-
cember 12, at 6 P. M. (th« daily hour or de-
parture), and will connect with train from stock-
ton on (Sunday morning' Return trains will leave
Fresno to connect with boat leaving S.ockion at 6
p. M. daily, excepting Sunday, Fare from San
Francisco for the round trip $"> 40. and from
Stockton $4 90. From points between Stockton
mid Fresno at rates of one and one-third fares.
Tickets good until December 21.
JOHN MO -S, Traffic Manager.
•OtTUKRN «*At!K»\IC COJIPAKIt.
(PACIFIC BVBTBK.)
Triilnii lenve »n«l mi' <!■■« to arrive al
:;■•".•; ■-.-... SAN FKANCIStO.
ijave— FnoM November 7, 1.00 p. m., 1896.— Aimn-i
•6:OOa Nilcs, San Joso arid Way Stations. 7. 8145 a
• 1 >«>O a' Atlantic Kipress. Ogtlfii and I'.itdt.. 8143*
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTilie, Ifninw. Sacra-
■(►'-. mento. Orovillo and Uedding via
; Davis....'..: .".;... .'... 6i45r
7:30 a Kartinez, San Ramon, Vallcjo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:lSp
■:30a Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
. Sacramento, Marysvillo and lied
•' ■ • 81uff....... 4sIHP
•Br3OA Peters and Mi1t0n.................. "TilSr
9:00 a New Orleans Kxprcss, Raymond (for.
Yosemite), Fresno, l!a':crslii-lil,
Santa IJurliara, I.os Angoles, Dem-
ing, El l'atio, New Orleans and
East..... 4i45»
' 9:00 a Martinez and Stockton l:l"»p
. 9:00 a Valle jo 6:13*
• ....... Niles, San Jose, I.ivcnuoro and
Stockton. lt\Tir
•I:OOp Sacramento River Stenmcrs *!>:iiOp
fl :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43»
4:OOi> Martinez, Han Ramon, Vnllejo.
. Naps, Calißtoga, 121 Verano and .-' •
-*;<". Santa Rosa..., Oilßa
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, • Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
Title and Kaeraiiiento H:W»
4i3Op Niles, San Jose and I.irermore Bi43a
4:3Oi' Los Angeles Express, > Stockton, ;>.■,,;
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles :..'...... 10j48a
. 4t3op Santa I.: Route. Atlantic Kxpress
- for Mojavo n iid Kust.... JO:43*
6:00p Kuropean Mail, OgtJen and Mast.... oi«Sa
O:OOplliiy\viir(lH, Nili-s mid Han .lose 7:45*
t7:o«i> Vallejo t7:4»r
7:00r Oregon Kxprens, Sacramento, Marys-
villu. Redding, I'ortlumi, Puget
.Sound andKast .................. HtlOA
«I10:03p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
■ Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
.' and East §ia:4s r
SANTA <:itH/ DIVISION (Narrow <.nuKC;.
»:I»A Newaik,Ccutervillo,Hiin.)oso,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8i50»
•2:15p Newark, Centervillc, San Jose, New
Alinaden, Felton, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations •11:20 a
4:I!»p Newark, Him .loso and Los 0at05.... »::*oa
1 11 :45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations l~:2Op
COAST DIVISION (Ililril & Toniiscnil Sl*.)
6:45 a Kan Joso ami Way Stations (New
Alniaden Wednesdays only) ItSOP
8:15 a San .lone, Tres I'iiids, Santa, Cruz,
Pacilic (irove, Paso Coble*, San
liiiis O)>ispr>. Guadalupc, Surf and
- Principal Way Stations 7:0»»
10:40 a San Jose and Way .Stations 5:08p
1I:3Oa Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30*
•«:o«»i' San Mateo, Menlo Park, San .lone,
Gilroy, Tres l'iuo«, Santa Cruz,
| Balinas.Montercyiimll'acillcGrove *IO:40a
I •3iaop San Jose and Way Stations 9:50 a
•4:3Oi> San Jose and Way Stations. *«:10a
s::{<>i> San Jose ami Principal Way Stations •H:3Oa
m O::ioi> San Jose ami Way Stations «::&5a
tll:4.>i- Sim .lost; Wav Staliong..-. t~:4Bp
SA> LbAMIUO AM* H,U WARDS LUOAIi.
«'«:OOa V ( 7:15 a
8:00 a («J:i3A
,S. l ooa| Melrose,BenHnarrPark, JVIIsa
"|:SSp Fitchburg, San L a B dro *5Jg
»:»Op « a ■ 4:15p
4:00p * 0:4 *P
5:00 p Hoards. «:l.»p
7:OOp Sl4^
9*oop < Bans through to Nile*. . 10:50
ttll':l.lpj tFromNiles. ttia:Ooy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRlNtlSCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl;00 *2:00 {3:00
♦4:00 •• 15:00 *6:00 p.m. - ;:
From OAKLAND— Foot or Broadway.— # 6:00 8K)0
10:00 A.M. $12:90 *l:00 ' 42:00 *3:00 tl:00
■ *5:00 p.m. -■ ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .
• Sundays eicepted. * t Saturdays only.
■ . t Sundays only,
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
UTuesdaj s and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdajfc
FRMCISCO & SORTB Pl-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry-Foot of Market
Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. *.-. 12:3\
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. v. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :S0 p. if. Saturdays— trips at i:si
and 11:30 p.m. v,
BUKDAYS-S:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.U.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00. 6:20 P. if.
Kan Rafael to San Vrancf «ca.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. st-
-12:46, 3:40, 10 P. M. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. x.
SUNDAYS— 8::l>, a: 10, 11:10 a. x.; 1:40,3:4 ft
5:00. 6:25 P. U.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sanos
schedule as above. ■ . ■
' Lea to Tn»««« Arrive T"*
Ban franclsca oct: 14? Ban Franclsca
Da"* i Sun- : De^u^.on. S. i Da*""
Days. [ bays. " e »»n»»on. DAYa . | D AY a.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! B:4J a*
8:30 pm! 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:36 am
:10 pm 1 6:00 PM Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 a*
Healdsbtm
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:80 8:00 AM Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22p*
_______ , Pleta,
Hopland &
:30 am 8:00 am Lkiah. 7:35 rM 6:2» en
1 -.30 am ~ ■ ■'.- ••'••■ ' '■' • 10:25 Ait
8:00 am Gue— terllle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm ■,■■■••--- C:22pm
1 .30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 AM
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm 6:22 PM
7 -.30 AM 1 8:0!) AMI ha ,. ono , 110:40 AM i 10 »AM
3 :30 pm 1 5 :00 I . Bellu T 1 ' 1 | 6:10 PM 1 6.2S PM
States connect at : Santa Rosa for Mark ' West
•Springs; at • Geyservllle for Sfcaarjrs Springs: M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hljrtiland
•Springs, Kelseyville, Soda. Bay and i^akeport; at
• ■Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blao
Lakes, Lsurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, i'omo, Pottef
Valley.- Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Back.
inell's, Sanhedrln. Heights. HullviUe. Boonevilla,
(ireenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Brags, Westport, Usa!, Willets. Canto, Oo-
velo, Laytonville, Harris. Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atredu«s4
' "onsundays round-trip tickets to all points b*.
• rond San Rafael at half rates.
.•,-,. '• "*" i ■ .
Ticket Of9cps. 650 Markwst., Chronicle butMlnfr
B.CL WHITINO, B-XRYAIf,
Una. iiiinaser. Gen. Pass. Agank
1112
THE BOOKMAKERS
AGAIN HARD HIT
Five Out of Six Favorites
Won at Ingleside
Yesterday.
Zamar II Disposed of His Com
pany in an Ordinary
Gallop.
Salvabie Romped Home at Prohibitive
Odds— Wycmirg Headed Frank
X Out ia a Drive.
One after another Gatta Percha, Wyo
ming, Zamar 11, Alvarado and Saleable,
all pronounced favorites in the betting,
came romping in ahead of their fields at
Ingleside yesterday, and a poor mortal
with a tale of trouble to unfold stood in
danger of losing his life if he whispered it
to a. bookmaker. Strathrol, first choice
for the last event, going down to defeat
was all that saved the combination stand
from being cnanged into a limbursrer
cheese sandwich booth, and it also enabled
tome of the big bookies to recoup their
losses or. preceding races decided.
The weather was warm, but the track a
trifla deep, and very ordinary time marked
the different events run. Where races
loo* a foregone conclusion for an odds-on
choice the play is never very extensive, and
business in the ring yesterday showed a
depression. The conditions of many
races could be framed to much belter ad
vantage — so many of the owners intimate.
Frank Brown's fast mare, Gutta Percha,
was tacked from twos to even money to
capture the opening race over seven fur-
Jones, decided under selling conditions,
and she won all by herself, with Doyle an
easy second over Franco, a 200 to 1 shot,
rioden by Johnny Woods.
Tne next race run was another natural,
finishing seven, eleven, according to the
numbers on the official programme. Al
though the 6 to 5 choice Wyoming, with
Bob Isom, won, he had little to spare at
the finish, for Frank X was at his heels.
The seven furlongs were covered in 1:29.
Bombazotte lid not. run so well as many
people thought she should, finishing
fourth, behind Miss Ross.
'lhe third number on the card was a five
and a half furlong recital for two-year
olds, with a held of eight going to the
post. "Peach" llonie, who trains for his
father Dan and resembles that horseman
greatly, inasmuch that neither could ride
at 115 pounds comfortably, had Zamar II
in and the St. Carlo gelding was a 9 to 10
favorite. He led most of the way, win
ning in a gallop from The Roman, which
came from last place in the stretch, >JVig
Leaf, with 25 to 1 about, was a good third,
after at one time looking a possible win
ner.
The race following was at seven fur
longs and although afflicted with all sorts
of wheels and buzzsaws in the head Al
varado was backed down to 6 to 5 favorit
ism. Thorn hill, who left a coffee and
doughnut socir.l to be present, was «pcond
choice in the betting, but seemed afflicted
with no speed whatever. Alvarado dis
played his usual tantrums at the post,
consisting of a sand clog, short Indian
club exercises, how to "pipe" the price, a
kick at the assistant starter, and away he
went in front. Walter J nad the pleasure
of finishing second, two lengths away,
with the lender easing up.
Mr. Dunne concluded to start Salvabie
in the mile selling dash as the company
looked pretty easy, and at odds of 1 to 3
he won in "tugboat fashion from Peter
the Second in L:42&.
The mile and a sixteenth affair afforded
a trifle more excitement. Strathrol was
sent to the post an even money chance,
but the alarm clocK must have failed to
awaken the Strathmore horse in time for
him to take his morning exercise, for he
ran back in the bunch. In a hard drive
Hermanito got past the official stand a
length oefore Morte Fonso, asoto 1 shot
ridden by Barrington. The iipreckels
entry, Foremost, another 5 to 1 outsider,
was third but a head further away.
•
Notes
The win of Zamar II yesterday was the
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLESIDE RACETRACK. Thursday, December 10, 1896. Twenty- fifth day of the
winter meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
<n n FIRST KACE— ■seven furlongs; selling; purse $350.
I 1 I I I 1 lSeulni:.
I lSettlni;.
I Up. it.
_ _"...-...-._...._■ .. lielllu *-
Jnaex. Horse, ase, weicht. I St. j 14 j y2y 2 3 /i Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. it.
169 (Uitt^ Percha, 6..107 .1 13 14 110 110 13 K.Martin .. 2 1
Doyle,4 107 6 8 5 i/ 2 41 22 210 Slau.htrr.. 6*' V 7
205 Franco, X 102 10 . 9 . ■ 82 61 4h Mi .1. \\ oeds ....... 80 200
.... Pecksniff, 5. . . 11l V? ' 2 21 21 21 3 h 4 % M. Bergen 10 20
205 JlcFar.ane, 4 107 31 6 M h 6 6V2 6 V 3V 3 nos 4 - 5
200 IMoiiita, 5 107 3 5V 2 71 7 6 63 Shaw 6 9
205 I Card we il, 3 It 5 4| 4h918 7 7h Spencer.... 3D 50
PidiK»,6 107 8 10 10 i/« 9 8 81 Shepard 40 bO
206 AbiP.a 108 9 7 6V 2 3h 9 910 iNarvaez 3 7
02 Autonomy, 5 107 6 3% 4 y 10 10 10 20 Rurlliuani -.:... 30 100
206 Agitato, 6.. ;...... 1ib 7 11 11 11 11 11 [Denulson 15 tO
Good start. Won galloping.. Winner, F. Brown's b. m., by imp. Galore-Isoquenna. Time, 1:30.
Fin.
Jockey.
4^l o SECOND HACK— se\en-tignths of a mile; selling; purse ? 330.
■ - • • . I Betting.
Index. Horse. St. 1/4 I -% % | str. j Fin. j Jockey. Op. Ci.
204 Wyoming 4; 4h 2V* 22 2 V 1 1 \ 150 m... 6-5 6-5
.'. frank X 6 61 62 XV a 33 21 n.-dner 4 5
208 Miss rloss 2] 12 12 1 l^j In, 34 Jones.. 7 8
. 184 JBoinbazette 3 3h 4h 43 42 43 U. Mar 2 52
2v,8 Unity. 5 6 1 6h 62 53 62 Goldjn 4 20
Mr. Keel 7 710 710 MS 6 610 O'Leary...; .... 40 20
•'2OB Uyj)f....v 8 I 8 8 8 8 710 I Knos '0 50
175 |cioverdu!e. 1J 21 3h 710 7 8 Murphy.. 2J 15
Good start. Won ridden On:. Winner, A. B. Sprecltels' b. 0., by Tardee-Caprice. Time, 1:29.
OICJ THIKD Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; two-year-oids; purse $400.
I , Benin?;
Index, j Horse and weight. St. I/i % % Str. | Fin. ! Jockey. . Op. CI.
201 Zamarll... 109 4 2 1 11 12 1% \V. Maru.i I 4-5 4-5
197 Ii he Roman lOKVa' 5 .... 8 8 3 2 2 3 shaw 3 6-2
........ Fig Leaf. 107 : . 1b 21 21 I 3% Thorpe... 8 25
201 Suisun 105 '_' 3 3 4 1 4 1 45 Gardner.. 4 3
PF.... ..107 7| 52 315 54 Cole : 100 200
Fort Augustus.. .llo 8 1 7 7 6 6 Fa 11..... ........ 100 200
: (148) Tropical 112 1 6 6h 7 7 M.Martin....... 50 100
M. Clicqjot 110 6| 41 5h 8 | H Tryce... 30 200
Good star.. Won galloping. Winner, D. A. Honln'g b. a., by St. Carlo-imp. Kuyal Bess. Time. 1:09^.
*JOA FOUKTU iiACE— Sevsu-eighlliiof a mile: three : ycar olds and upward; purse $351).
Index.! Horse, age, weight. St.) iA V2*A | Str. j Fin. j Jockey. Op.
21)9 JAlvaraUo, 3 10i! 1j 11 12 14 1101 1•/ ill. Martin 3-2
204 Waiter J. 3 U2| 7| 3h 82 36 24 26 Thorpe 3
all I Instigator. 3... 10b y 3i 6i 52 4^ *V 441 31 6
203 I Petrarch, 3 100 2| 21 6 510 510 4h Oftidnor . . 15
185 Don Gara. 3 112 5 6 2h 2h 3 a 58 A. Isom 20
19d iThornblll, 6 110 4; 4% 6 j 610 610 610 Ifoady 4
211 jDungarven. a.. ..110 3| 7 7 \ 7 i 7 | 7 \Go den 40
Jockey.
i. fin ii«.
Op. Ct
ling.
; ci.
6-5
•< ; • 4
tt
30
3D
3
100
Good 8 tan.
Won easily.
Winner. S. C. Hil.lrelh's eh. g., by Amigo-iiania Margarita. Time, 1:30.
221.
FIFTH KACi— Tbree-yiar-olds and upward; one mile; selling; pu»« f 4OO.
1 I
Tnrt. Horse, age, weight- St. \ Vl \i *4
(199)jsalvabif, 3 10J B| 23 21
174 Peter 11, 4 W6 2 42 3H
194 'Can't Dence, 3.... 97 3 32 4Vi
209 !P:ilmerstoii. 3. ... 97 1 IN 16
All Over, 4 109 4 5% 54
199 |SunriseH,3 94J 6 6 0
1 Betting.
Str. Fin. Jocker. I Op. i 1.
2 5 1 iy a u 'Leary ;2-5 1-3
3h 21 Shaw 6 8
45 310 Jftnt-s 15 SO
*2 4 2 Thompion. 8 12
510 560 H. Martin B 12
6 I 6 IReldy 60 :Q
Gocd stall. Won galloping. Winner, P. Dunne's b. c., by Time, 1:421,4.
OO'J SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth milen: three-year-olds and up; purse 9100.9 1 00.
Index. Horse, age. weight, j St. *A_ I % % j Str. j Fin. j Jockey. Idp*"'"*!.
209 JHermanlta, 4.....103 1! 2 1 i 3 % 2y 2 1% i 1% H. Mar; in ~ '~5 - ie-5
200 ? MorteFouso,4...lol 3 7 j 7 7 5 21. Barrluger. .'" 30 • 60
195 Foremost, i 98 -.-6 I 51 6 3h 3Va aft 150 m... .:....*' -»j 60
121. I Two i beers, 5.... 104 7 1 4 2 1% 18 2 8 41 V Kn05...... . "'" . 8 l"
209 Babe Murphy, 4. .103 6 6 4 42 4b »■ 10 G01den........ . 4 8
72 Sirathiol.s .101 ,2 I 3h, 6 62 5 ! 615 0'Leary.. ......" l 'i
92 Minnie- Oe, a...; 98 -4 | 1 1 2 1 6 17 i 7 Hector ...... 30 100
Good start. Won driving.
tit Time, 1:59.
Winner, J. <;. Fo lanibee's bllt. f., by Fresno-Sister to Jim Doug-
nineteenth win of the St. Carlo youngster
this year.
Will Wallace, side partner of Riley
Grannan, arrived here from the East yes
! terday. His horses have been here lor
I some weeks.
Jockey Joe Narvaez was fined $25 and
suspended for the balance of tne meeting
for his indifferent riding of the mare
! Abi P.
Seventeen bookmakers weighed in yes
terday.
Following are to-day's entries:
First mc, soven furlong-i. maidens—Rest
]es« Heart 107, 202 Caviillo O'J, Zvlphft 107,
<;r:K'ie 8 107, -JOo broaiibillow 107, 165 Attirus
93, Mollie Rogers 107, 172 Claudia T 93. Jake
Knuer 107. 169 Porsonne 96, imp. Sardonyx
li ly 93, 197 Sir Andrew 9H.
Second ra^e, seven Jurloncs, maidens — 163
Manzanilio93, 15« Uapido 107, 165 Robekph
93. 107 M')d.-stia 93, Fond hope 107, 212 The
Tourist '.Hi, 170 Mysac Miize 96, 184 Popinjay
96, lino, llarl Tack in Kngi»m<t H»7. 93 Miss
Han 107.205 Blanche Bates 107. 181 Masoero
107, 205 imp. Calphuruus 110. 172 Luputa 93.
liiird race, one nnd n quarter miles, sell
ing—2l3 Grady 93. (187) Wawona 101. 204
Ostler Joe 99, 213 Key dci Ban«iidos97. (200)
Aloinh Spreck-is 93, 191 Fred Gardiner 102,
| 213 Kamsin 101, 213 temper Lex 106, 211 Ar
i rleoi 102.
Fourtii race, one mi'e, nelling— 2ls Carrie U
90, 215 Pollock 90, 213 Little Cripple 104, ISS
La Mascota 98, 222 Babe Murphy 104, 220
Walter J 98. 189 Braw fcot 104, 215 Lucille
| 95, 166 Xi Fi 99, 182 Red Glenn 104. 217 Mc
j Farlaue 99. 186 Navy Blue 99.
Finn r«ce, three-fourth"! of r mile, Belling—
I (215) Toano 104.Corlente 99, 19J Ruthledge 94
j Joan 94, 192 Major Cook 99, Nelson 102, 207
i Creianan 102, 216 I'e rseus 99.
Asthma cure guaranteed. Dr. Gordon's Chocolate
Emulsion. 221 Davis, S.F.CaI. fflabot. 6-fs,sam 5c
« — * — • •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Peter and Mary V. McF.voy. Louisf Metzger and
John C. Watson (by B P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hiberula Savings and ijoan society, lot on X
line of stelner street, 72 X of Waller, N- 26 by E
81:3 (51,775); 93115.
A bner Dome Company to Herbert K. Law, lot
on NE corner Lombard and Pierce streets, X 275
by E 137:6: $10. •
Josephine Aubrey (wlf- of Charles) to Sadie J.
Aubrey, lot on N line of Pine street, 110 VV of
DevisHdero, W 27:6 by N 137:6: gift-
Nathan . I. and Olive A. Stone (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Iliuernla savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on W line of Dolores street, 114 s of
Twenty-third. S 70:8. W 133, N 84:6, X. 9, 6 14, X
I*4 (54 621); $7023.
Ann Judge to James Gately, lot on E line of
I Tennessee street, 125 3 of Sierra, N 26 by E 100:
$10.
W. I. Wilson and 11. D. Gaskill to John C.
Hughes, leasehold interest on lot on X line of
Brvant street, X of Fifth. E 70 by If 283; $1400.
John C. Hughes io Wl 11am i.ange Jr. leasehold
! of lot on X line of Bryant street, 412:6 E of Fifth,
B 70 by X 183; 810.
1-iederick O. Heydenfeldt to George O. Davis,
undivided half of lot on NE liuei f seventh street,
15J Ml of Bryant. HE 100 by SS 85: $10.
.Maud Alice and John naves, M. Cerf, J. E.
Sn.aln. Rebecca Meyn, John M. Bvrue. H. Epptn
ger, Victor Jlon'miiu (by Carl W. Elfvlng, com
missioner) to Pacific Coast Savings Society, lot on
NE corner of California street and Twentieth a ve
nue, N 120 by X 23: $1800.
Georse W. and Kuby K. Uaggett to Louis L3vy,
lot, on N line of Clement, 32:6 X of Fourth avenue,
E 25 by N 100; $10.
1). J. Lamoree 10 William G. Walton, lot on \V
line of J-< riy-fourih avenue, 260 3of I street, S
75 by W liO: $10. .
William *.. Walton (by Caroline Wal-oa, attor
ney) to Petranella Mickelsou, lot on W line of
Forty-fourth avenue, 250 S of 1 street, S 60 by W
120: $10.
xinie to Benjamin Goldborougb. lot on E line of
Fortieth avenue, 125 S of T street, S 26 by X 120:
$300.
Same to Petranella Mickclson, lot on X line of
Fortieth avenue, 100 S of T street, 8 25 by fc. 120 ;
f3(.'O.
John A. and Jane C M. Clayton to Emily Seeley
(wife of Albert L). lot on W line of * hupultopec
street, 77 S of Henrietta, S 25:3 by W 70, lot 199,
Tract: $350.
Lovelland Laurel L. White to Delucbl FllippV
Culseppe Armnnino, Ang'uo Bortano, Rossi An
ceio. Irucbo Luigi, Luis* Got*. ll, Costeilo Gui
seppe and >goilino Delucfcl, lot 11, bloc* N, silver
Terrace; $10.
.Louise Huberts to Wlllard r. Martin, lot on HE
corner of Miver ave.iue and Madrid street, M
112:3. X 100. N 180:8, W 1-0. lot 1. block 33
Excelsior Homestead Association; also lot on SW
corner of India avenue and Madrid street, N 150,
X 100, S 150. W ICO, o. 2. bloc« 33. same; $10.
A LAM EDA COI'XTY.
Panl and Anna ml to F. W. simonton, lot on
X line of Oak street, 25 Sof .--•v-i>tu, S 'io by ti
70, being portion of lot 7, block 183, map of Dillon
property, Oakland; $1400.
George and > lie m. >cnmidt to Anion S. Blake,
; all of block : 03, Allison Tract, subject to a mar
gnge, Berkeley; also lots 8, 10, 29. 3i and N por
[ tion of lots 11 anil 28. said portion of lots 11 and
I -8 being about 16 feet in width on .Ninth street
I »-!d sbjut 3 feet on Eighth street, subject :o con
i tracts <>; ■ a!e bin not of record, Berkeley: also lots
i 5 and 6, block 63, Tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town imp ovemi-n. Association: $10.
Charies C. ana Susa:i J. Bemls to Peter A. Fini
gan, lot On iS Hue of Dwight way and line dividing
: plats 69 act 70, Kancho V, and O. Peralta, thence
WE 265:3.84, -Nf. 165, s\V 130:3.84, h, to line
'dividing lots 8 and 9, block A, leonard Tract,
thenc» N 134:6. W 217 to oe^inning. being portion
Leonard Tract, Berkeley: also lot on ;* X corner
Bluke and worth street*, E 11:7:6, N 134:6, W
10:1. SB 130:2%. SW 107:8, S 4 to beginning,
portion plat 70. same. Berkeley: also lot on XX
conn Dwiglu way and Ellsworth street, X 109
by A' lf>o, being portion lot 1, block 6. map of
property. College Homestead Association, lierie
ley; also lot on E line of Ellsworth streej, 206 N
of Dwignt way.' X 150 by N R6, being portion lot
1. map of same. B-r»eley. $10.
Peter A. linipan to Mary, Maud and Lillian
Finigan, same (four pieces), Berkeley; gift.
I;. H. Jr. ana : ophia M. ilagill to spencer C.
Buckbee, lot on 8 line of Railroad avenue, 103 X
of Verdi sire i, X S3 b/ 8 125, beine the W 31
seel of lot 42, Kncinal 1 ark Tract, Alameda; $10.
Joseph A. Leonard Company to B. M. Derby*
Co., lot on S lin<- or t-an .)oje avenue, 148 Wof
Lafayette, W49 by s 150, block 14, Amended
Jiartletl Tract, Alamtda; $10.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
DEPUTY SHERIFFS
ARE SUSPENDED
Thomas Gibney and Edward
Riley Now Under
the Ban.
Caught in a Neat Plan to Make
Money Outside of Their
Salaries
An Insane Patient Taken Out of Ukiah
Asylum Without the Sheriff's
Knowledge.
Deputy Sheriffs Thomas Gibney and
Edward Itiley have been suspended by
Sheriff Whelan for thirty days, with every
prospect of being permanently dismissed
as a result of a fondness for making a "bit
on the side."
Gibney and Riley were intrnsted with
the important duty of taking insane
patients to the various asylums and also
with landing criminals ia the State
prisons after being sentenced.
About a week ago the parents of a young
man named Heine, who was confined at
Ukiah, cal.ed at the Sheriff's offico and
inquired as to the expense of transferring
their son from his place of incarceration
to the Stockton Asylum, where they
thought he would have a better chance of
recovery. Gibney and Riley heard the in
quiries and after the people had gained
the desired information and left called on
the parents and offered to effect the trans
fer at a less expense than had been named
by the Sheriff.
This tney thought they wonli be able to
do, as they were constantly traveling back
and forward from both asylums with
patients. They asked and received $4")
from Heine's parents, and then went to
Judge Sanderson for an order ot transfer.
The Judge, knowing that the" Sheriff's
consent is necessary for such a transfer,
and supposing that Mr. Whelan knew of
the proposed change and had authorized
it, cave the order without question.
The next day Gibney and ililey were
sent to Ukiah with three patients, and on
presenting the order to the authorities of
the institution received Heine into their
custody.
Their plan was to bung him to this City,
keep him until sent to Stuckton with an
other batch of prisoners, which they ex
pected would occur within a day or two,
and then carry out their agreement with
the parents, making a neat profit out of
the transac'.ion.
Heine was 3afely landed in the Receiv
ing Hospital, but then the plan miscar
ried, for no insane persons were consigned
to Stockton, and the two deputies were
sent on other errands. In th« meantime
Heine was left in the Receiving Hospital,
much to the discomfort of the surgeon in
charge.
Under Sheriff Clark happened into tbe
hospital on Thursday last, and seeing
Heine there inquired about him and at
onr-e smelied a mouse.
Quiet inquiries revealed the plot, and
by the time Gibney and Riley returned
from the places wnere they liad been de
tailed,enough evidence was in the Sheriff's
hands to warrant immediate action. Both
men were called up and questioned, and
at once suspended Irom duty for thirty
days.
bince then tbe matter lias been thor
oughly sifted and tbe two deputies will
likely lose their official heads before the
term of suspension expires. Sheriff
Whelan is naturally very angry about the
matter and will make an example oi the
men.
As Heine's parents had paid to have
him »rantferred to Stockton, the Sheriff
saw that they were not losers by the trans
action and the young man is now in the
institution where they desired him to be.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
ISCSTNFR9 OFFICE of the San FranciscoCAt.tr
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock erery
nigr-.t in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Cley ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street, open until 9:3oo'c!octr.
713 Larkln street, open until 0:30 o'clock.
fcV.'. corner SlztaenUi ami Mission bireets, opt*
nntil 9 o'clock.
S6lB Mission street, open until 9 o'cloe*.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OJ;' BIKETINGS.
jt^S 1 * California" commandkry m
fS~& No. 1, K. T., Masonic Temple. I'os:^^*^
and Montgomery sts.— K« gulnr asspmbly zT
THIS (FRIDAY) KVKNtNG, December VV>
11. at 7:30 o'clock. ORDKR OF HKU URO!-S -All
Sir Knights are courteously invited. By order of
Sir MARTIN JONES, Eminent Commander.
Sir ira mT. Gbavks; hccord?r.
ft^S' MAGNOLIA LOIH.K NO. 29, v wjuiiu//,
v-& I. O. O. F.— The officer* and fii-^g^^;
neral detail will please assemble in our
lodgeroom THIS FRIDAY," Dec-em- -^wlw^*
ber 11, at l:S0 p. M.'.'to attend th* iun»ral of our
late brother, WILLIAM. ROM BERG.
' • SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
R^S» bPECI AL M KETI NG OF THE v «ry «_"
a^S f Cnl(>do:iinn Club THIS EVEN- 3V, £» Ja
ING at 8 o'clock for the punos? of *p- < *J»Jl2*
proving bonds of ofllcers and dlstrlbut-'' V=gNk
in banquet tickets to members, and such other
business as may be brought forward. Scottish i
Hall, 111 LarKlnsl. D. K. McNKILL, Chief.
Jas. H. Duncan. Secretary. '.
*— — *" " — *— — """^ — ~" ~— — ""— — *^ *— ~— —
SPKCIAL JiOXIttS.
5§E5?* v ~G'A^r^7xTuTiE^^^
'2r~& cheapest, pia'e* In the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Oate aye.
Ijrr^" NOTiCt. — ABANDONED CHILDREN
B*-*' in the Human Catholic Orphan Asylum
since July, 1895: Lorttto Rowker, age 11 years;
Gertrude Sheridan,' age 11 yean; Genevieve
Sheridan, age 4 years; nrcisca Ozlo, ago 7 years;
Mnry Fitzceiald. age 7 years; Teresa Coyle, age
12 years: Mary Rowan, aye 10 years. ..: ■
i?--£r' 15 A TEN AN l-> >.JKCTKD FOX $4:
i*^^ collection* made, city or country. Pacific
< <j!>n 011 Co.. 416 Montrr «r.. room 6. . Tel. buBo.
. , 'BIVIDKND NOTICES.
Hi^» DIVIDEND NOTICK— DU'Td'kND NO.
fb^y 38 (25 cen:s per. share) of the lluichlnson
Sugar P. nutation Co. will ba payab> at the ollice
oftlio company, 327 Market street. 01 and after
Monday, l.eceoiber 21. 1896. .Transfer-books will
close '.Tuesday, December 15, 1896, at 3 o'clock
P.M. E. 11. LD«>N, Secretary.
f^-W ALASKA PACKERS' ASSOCIATION,
. «***^ SOS Market St.. Sun Francisco, December 3,
1896, dividend No. 36, 75 cents per share, payable
14th ins-, at office of company: books closed lor
transfer at 12 M., 7th lnst.
s, . W. B. BRADFORD, Secretary. .
fcITUATIONS \V AM'KU-JrliaiALK.
AMERICAN RKFINKD LADY WANTS
.TV- position as housekeeper In widower's family;
best of references. For particulars and interview,'
apply to C. R. HAN'S. N A CO., 110 Geary st.
L IRS I -CLASS SWEDISH SECONO GIRL DX-
T sires situation; good waitress- a.id seamstress
and can cut aud II*: b. si references, city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter St.
*,l IDDLE-AGKD: WOMAN I-ESIKKB SITUA-
I' l tlon; is gooi cook: will do light house v,rk:
generally uaenil: willing, obliging; wages $12 to
$15. 10 Whltmore place, bet. .Mason mid Powell.
\\r ANTED — PLAIN SEWING . AND ALL
*' kinds of fancy work; very reasonable prices.'
1305 Powell at., top floor. - '
IV' ANTED — i POSITION AS WORKING
. '» housekeeper by respectable woman:' country
preferred. Ca'l or address MR*. J., 111% Minna.
p IKL WAN WORK BY THK DAY;L\UN-
VJT dry work, plain < sewing; $1 a day. -.. Call 641
Folsoni st. V.. . ■ . ' . . - - ':■''.-. ■': : ".-. ■'.;-
VIRST-CLASS COOK WANT POSITION IN
private lamlly; would do washing. 31by 2
Hayes st. -. .' :-.-,, --. - ! :--'
n ERJIAN WOMAN WANTS WOKK, WASH-
VI iron ng or cleaning by the day. ■ GINS-
BERG, 421 Fourth St.. room 14. >
V WOMAN WANTS WOKK BY THE
X day washing or bousecleuning. -. 109 < Sliver . St.
O SWEDISH t.IRL-s WANT PLACES TO DO
-i coo.vlns or housowcrk. Apply: 1322 Mission. ■
situations ttanted— continued.
ArouNG W DOW, RECENTLY " from THF.
. X East, dcs res a ' position as housekeeper for
buchelor or 1 widower- fond of children. : Room 1,
1007 Market st. - " ' :
n IRL WOULD LIKE place to ASSIST in
" ' light housework or take care of child. Call or
address 442 Minna st. : -~Vi ■-'- '
AN : KXPRRIKNCKD DRESSMAKER
wishes worK by the day in families; perfect
fit and work guaranteed. 029 Fulton st.
MERICAN WOMAN WANTS ; GENERAL
A houseworK. by the day washing and cleaning.
Call or address tf";4 lolsom iu'v :
KRMAN GIRL WANT-* SITUATION FOR
liouseworK small American family. Call 1082
Dolores st." • . .■
"\roUi\G GIRL WAN'ISMIUATIO.V FOR
X general housework; wages $15 to $17. 359
Minna st,
R S 5t A X X K— FIP.-T-CLAH* Fl'l TER,
dim and designer: thorouehdrps^maker; by
dv.-. Ml^s WARWICK. 111 Grove st.
EKM AN GIRL DF.SIRKS : SITUATION TO
do eeneral nouseworkcrcnamberwork: Pleosi
pill or address 823 Howard St., second floor.
RELIABLE MIDD.E-AOED WOMAN WISH-
■XI' es a al: nation; is gooa cook and will do light
housework; wages moderate. 271/3 Fourth st ,
over flower-store. :
akd working woman wi.-h.-:s any
XI kind of work by the day. Call or address
1061 Folsom st.
l/IIIST-i LASS WRAPPER. AND TEA GOWN
X 1 maker: $1 60 up; made at residence. : 4031
Nineteenth st. : ■ . - j
"V OUXG LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
1 housekeeper; city or Oak/and. Please coll at
ICO2 Powell hi. ■-.-■-" - - ■
1 KONG YOUNG GIkL. LATELY FROM IRE-
land: has slleht Knowledge of cooking; wages
$15. Call at 1025 Washington SU . . .
REFINED I. IRL WISHES SITUATION TO
XV assist at light housework: : no postals. 1708
Turk st.. Pet Scott and Devisadero. ■ •■
\ OUNG IAD 1 RECENTLY FROM BU'ITE
1 City desires a position us housekeeper for
bachelor or widower preferred; city or country.
765 Market s'., room 15. ■■- ' • ■ ' ■ -.
STRONG GERMAN GIRL; HOUSEWORK
:by the day: firsl-clasi cook; will get Christ-
mas dinner reasonab c. Apply 1309 Fulton st.
IDDLE-AGM) LADY WI.sHES SITUATION
i'L to do general houseworK in respectable family.
Apply 215 P.)lk St. -.- -■■:-.:
SWEDISH" OIKL WISHES PLACE TO DO
housework by day or month; is a good cook
and laundress; best references. Address 1 Fifth
s:.. room 22. : ■" «
A* OUNG LADY DESIRKB A POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 122 Taylor St., room 9.
/^ KRMAN GIRL WANTS TO UPSTAIRS
VJ work, wait on table or sew. : Address 915
tracrameato street. ■
\V' IMJttEs . XX HuLsK. 44 1111KD ST.. NR.
* » Market: SOO rooms: 260 to I*l 60 per night;
(1 60 lo $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
>reo bus and baesraee to and from the lerry.
\ WEEK'S • NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY GALL, in wranocr. for mailins.
hITUATIOisS \VANTISI>-TttAl.IS.
S"te ady anT> rkli a ble~ma"n! can
tend garden, take care of horses and drive, is
i 11 good milker, wishes situation; best references.
Addrcs< L ANDRE, 3 5 Stockton »(.
HUNTER & CO.. c±U.N-.:-li AND JAPA-
nese employment ollice. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. YOUNG, mgr
HINKSE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
/ office; best help. 414V 2 o'Farrell. Te>. E 426.
CAHINKSK & Japanese-, ksi'd. 20 years;
/belpitel.matn 1997. BKAI)LKY<«tCO..«4OCIay.
APANKSEIMKLLIGKNCK AGENCY, K. 73,
St. Ann's bide.. BKddys-: u-l. Main .1234.;
OACHMAN— SITUATION WAN"T"D BY A
VJ young Swede a* coachman lor a gentle-
i man's place: v derstands ihe care of 'highbred
[ horses, fine ham <s>i anil c-rrUses-. Ind -strlous,
sober, honest and w I. do hlsb st:-gcol references.
Address C. C, box 7.>. Cai .
IGIILY,.'REC>>.MMrAI>r.D *Kh.NCH OR
Amerlcnn cook for small first-class lio:et or
boarding-house; city or en. in ry: sober and Indus-
trious. Addresi F. N.. box 30 Cal'.
T>AINTI.\G AND Pa f B.KIJ. aNG i.\vj liV
X practical, temperate roan of 30: Al r-terence:
will work very cheep by day < r job; ci yor coun-
try. Address Painter, box uO, O.ill. ' '
NGINEEH, STATIONARY ASi> LOCOMO-
J-J tlvr, good machinist ana plumber, wishes
work of ony kind: best referencs: moderate
wages. Address Engineer, box 104. Call UiHce. .
M" AN WAN IS A POSITION ON A RANCH:
wife to took for 2 or a men. Address 6£9
Mission st.
AY WOKK OF AN » KIND/HOUSKCLEAN-
Ing done by man and v ife with prompt alien
tion. Address 7.., box 72, Ca 1 Office. ,
AN, = HAiwY WITH .. CAKi'r,NTKR'd
tools, can drive and care for horses.wauls em-
ployment. Aildr M. D., box 3.', Call Office.
PAINTER a'ndTl'A PERHANGER
would like to > do. work in exchange for fur-
nished .00111. Address Room, box tSS, Call.
POSITION nY A «OOD CARPENTER
X around institution or day work; will go any-
wLera. Address L. B. T.. box 66. Call.
OOD HOCSE- PAINTER ANDHAA DV Ciß-
penter wants work for real estate men 10 ta I h
care <;f property; references furnished. Ca.l 1.27
I olsnni st .
ROCEKY CLKKK-YOIXG MAN. W..ULD
VJ like to work in grocery-store; speaks German.
MILLER. 1037V2 Market st,
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN: IS
O a good horseman «nd gar leper; handy In un st
anything. Apply A LEX. 809 Webiterst.. Onkland.
IGN-WRITKR,' YOUNG MAN. AS IMPROV-
er: low wages. 4S Sacramento st.
LMMIEMAN mKVAIiDIHT AND OHCIIARD-
X I Ist (French) wishes 'situation; good ref°re I-
ce«. Address G. A., llo.i-i La France, 718 Cali-
lornl.i st. . ■ '
SITUATION' WANTED AS Ci.ERK, BOOK-
O keeper or business manager in wholesale busi-
ness. Address c, l>t>x 15, Call Cilice. .
/ 1 ERMAN BARTKNDICR WANTS POsITIoN,
'1 city or country; references. Address J. T.,
1309 Stockton st.
TiOOKKEEPE «, 8 YEARS'. EXPERIENCE,
X> warns position: silary moderate; also under-
stands selling: leferences. W. G. C. box 71, CalL
M~ AN AND~WIFE, BOTH COMPETENT
cooks, would IIKe to get positions in restau-
rant or hotel. Apply 26 Hunt st.
' \V ANTKD— SITUATION BY A GOOD COOK,
'» s.eady a d competent. In a restaurant or cof-
fee and lunch house: bes. of references: moderate
wages. D, box 171. Call Office. ■
JAPaNEsK Wants A PLAi E as SCHOOL-
boy or plain cooking. S. T. « 3 Prospec: pi.
TiMKST-ULAS-t PAiNTr.R WANTs WORK BY
X I day or contract: will | work very reasonable, or
will lease a grain, fruit ors ock rsnch, with imple-
ments. Address Painter, -2338 Dwighl way,
Berkeley. - • • ■. .-^ .-.
\j V YOUNG MAN AS ASSISTANT IO AGED
i* or invalid gentleman; no objection to travel;
best of references and security if necessary. E.,
box 9, Call uflice, Oakland. .'
NGLISH COACHMAN, WITH -CLASS
references, wishes ro'itlori in Central America.
Address English, care J.C. JOHNSON, harness-
maker. P. F. ' : : V
! \y ANTKD -BY GOOD GRAPEVINE PRUN-
| »' : er. 20 to 30 acres, oy the day or contract. Ad-
i dress Kxpert, box G 14->, Call Office.
OUKKKi^PER. 1:0 YEARS' KXPKRIKNCE,
J3 Al reference, wants permanent position. Ad-
dress B. X., box 84. Call Office.
SITUATION ; WANTED AS CLERK. BOOK-
iJ keeper or business manager in wholesale busl-
iits*. Address C, box 15. call Office.
to PL' >Y Mi NT WANTED AS STOCK CLERK
Xv or porter in wholesale boot and shoe or leather
! store: 2 years' experience: good references. Ad-
cress 8.. box 148. Call Ottice. - ■'.
A'OVNG MAN Of mTRICTLY TKMPEKATfS
1 habits and good business qualities seeks cleri-
cal position with some good l.usiness house where
I lie will be permanent; is thorougnly versed in
I business ways and has had practical exi-enence:
wiling to work tho flru ■ year, for tue smallest
wages. Address Permanent, box 100. Call Oflic*.
AKKR, -.FIRST-CLASH ON BREAD: A.ND
cakes, withes steady work, city or country;
can make his own yeast. Call or address K. M.,
623- PI tie st. v , -
S COACHMAN: BY SWEDE: FIRST-CLABS
'horseainn: understands care of cows, ganien-
Inz, etc. : best of references. = C, box 5, Call Office,
Oakland. .- -, ■- .-,.- ..; -, ■■ ■- ' - ; -
QTEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN (GKR-
! O man) wishes a situation. Address W., box 72,
] Call.-. . ;.- ..-:: - ■■..;'. .'-.■■.'■ ' .
ANDY La UNDKYMAN WHO CAN RUN
engine, boiler, wasbhouse, marking or dis-
tributing. wl«lies wor.< at the lowest : wages. ' Ad-
I dress 11. L., box 82. Call. -f ' ' ' '"■'■ ■'-.■■-
ANTED— rOSIi'ION BY AN ALL-ROUND
niachine-nand; thoroughly competent for any
kind of work: small : mill preferred. M. 11., box
126. (.'all < fßce. ..•'.:..:'■ ! . ".'.-••-. ■■■ '' ■■ - .
ENGINEER (COTCH), CHIEFS CKRTIFI-
-■i caie, : also ': -, practical draughtsman, : wishes
charge of machine-shop, machinery, etc.: bent of |
references., X.. box »O. Call oflice. ' '. •; :
l-NCHEoIi-.xl riUUsK, 44 1 IiIKD. ; A'KAK
: Market— Electric lights -In ; *very room: 201)
rooms: 250 'to $1 60 - r"' r L nicht: $1 60 to $« per
I week: !ref> bin and htirxtarf to »nd from ibe ferry.
1 I .MAi.r: ::HELf WANTED, v
EFIXED' WO R KIN G HOUSEKE KPE Ft", $10:
XV second girl, 25; nurse. $20,: grown ihildren:
12 housework girls, city an 1 country, $20 and
$25; 8 young girls, assls"., $10 to $16. MISS CUL-
x-EN. 323 Suiter s:. ■ '. ■■:: '- - :■- :'
NEAT GEKMAN NURSb, $15: GERMAN
JA- house work piil, *-i in family, $26. . MISS CUL-
LEN, 523 Sutter »t.'.':>--'iV'"--:'--' : :-:'--' f/y- '-.' •'■-".":.•■:
COLORED SECOND GIRL; $15. MISs CUL-
LKK, 323 Sinter st, ,;. -":, •■■.-:->■;■;, •> . 
WElTl.sll GENERAL. HOUSKWORK GIRL.
O Son Rafael. $20: ■ 'waitress," small 1 hotel, cit.-.
$15;: girl, housework, country, fare p&id>jtls: 10
German, - Kweu \i h and ; French girls, housework,
$10 to $20. r: c." R. HA NSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
pROTES'IANT SECOND GIRL, 'NURSE,
X $-.:(); 3 waitresses 11 "i chambermaids, $20 and
j $25, and nil-is for cooking aud housework. J, F.
I CROSETT cv., 316 Suiter su - / •
■'■'-■_■■■■''■■ • ' ■
JrTEI,P WANTED—
GIRL IN FAMILY. '.', AND SLEEP HOME;
'JT nurseglrl, $10: girl, Devisadero st., $12; girl.
Bush st.. $12: girl, l.nrkin st., *10; girl, Palo Alto,
Cal., $J0; glr. for Presidio, $10: girl, Eddy st.,
$12: girl, Lnrkin st., $12; German glrl.'Busnst.,:
$12; girl. Golden Gate aye., #U. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st. , ...:--■,■:.;-.
OCJSKGIRL. 191-H >T.; $16; GIRL, GEARY
St., $15; house Keeper, $15; girl, nice country
home. $16; girl. Baker at.. *15: girl. Sutler St..
Sl5: girl, Golden Gate aye, $£0: cirl, Washlnc-
ton st., $16: girl, Washington sl., *20: girl,
Powell st.. »15. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
OMAN COOK. *30 AND ROOM: 2 WAIT-
" resscs. $20 ami room; waitress, $3 50 a week.,
MARTIN'S, 740 Market St. , . ~ '
■Vf EAT WOMAN, To COOK FOR FEW BOARD-
-L' : erg, short distance in the country, »26 and
found; waiirrst, pain hotel, city. $15; chamber-
maid, country hotel. $13; 25 wome.i and ells,
cooking and houseworic. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Apents. 634-636 Clay st
M i-.AT PrtOTkSTA AT Glßl , CCHJKING AND
J-* housework. Rmall American amily, city, $15;
no washins. .MURK AY A READY , Leading Eiu-
ploynient Agents, 634-t36 Olay st.
\\r GERMAN , OP. . tHE CH COOK,
'» $25: chambermaid, \ country. $20; French
second girls, *15, *20 and $26: ulrls for house-
work and nssist. LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton.
IduLE-AGKD PROiESTANT LADY TO
assist in family of 3; ligh' work; good home,
clothes, etc., iv return. Apply immediately 1334 :
Valencia st. -
IKL WANTED F.»R A GERMAN FAMILY
for plain cooking and housework. 2650 Har-
rison St.
U; ANTED — Of.. KATOB6 ON HRAIDING-
'' machines.. 14 Gran: aye.; room 66.
V^ OMAN TO LIVE WITH OLD COUPLE IN
Mayfleld; a mall wages. 139 Douglass st.
OUNG GIRL TO TAKii CAKE OF BABY.
X 1610 Geary at.
ANTED— GIRL FoR GKNEKAL HOUBK-
work: wages $10. 1800 O'Karrell St. : ; ;
WAN I KI)-~A YOUNG NUKSEGIKL. 309
'' Powell st.
VOI'.NG GIKL TO UE..P WITH KITCHEN
X worn; must sleep home; $5 month. 819 LarKln.
GIRL, 16 OK 17 YEA IS. TO DO LIGHT
housework, attend store. 904 Dolores st.
GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK. CALL *312
Bry»nt aye.. near Twelfth.
t< W D leiH OR GI-.KMAN GIRL, AMERICAN
0 family. Alamtda. 820. 306 Maaon at.
L, KKNCM \V"aTI ; RESTAURANT, $25
X to $30.; 306 Mason su •
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUsK-
X wor< and children. 1336 Jackson st.
/URL AT Df.EsSMAKINU. 1908 POLK ST.
p IRL TO DO HOUSKWoRK AND COOKING;
VJ wages Apply 740 Castro st.
GIRL Wanted to take CAKE of baby.
VJ Call at 2025 Flllmore st.
YV OMAN TO TAKE CHARGE OF SMALL
'' lodging-house. Address M., box 66, Cull OtHce.
V\; ANTED— YOUiNU LAD f OF UNEXCEP-
»» tional' reference for • cashier in retail store:
state fullest particulars and salary. J.. box 89,
this office.
FLYNN'.-s DRESS... AKINU AND CUTTING
X I Academy, 14 McAllister St.; $1 per week.
WA » ED— PUPILtt: >PKCIALRATh.S; DAY
or evening classes; hairdressing *J6c; up to
date. Parlors 1 02 ii Market st.. over the Wonder.
ANTED —AN EDUCATED, MIDDLE-
a;eI woman, scrupulously neat, who has had
experience in the management or a household and
care of children: widow preferred, without family
entanglements: will have the care of two girls, 7
ami 10 years, and general management of home;
one servant allowed. Address M. A., box 154,
Call Office.
1 EARN DHEHSCUTTING AND FITTING;
XJsklrtpattems.23c McDOWELL'd. b3b Marker
ANIEiJ-MEN WOMEN TO i,*.AK.V
barber trade: only ii weelU required: 100U
given and catalogue sent. & If. isaru«r Schoo,
1515 Howard st. .
OST CON VKN lt«T aM/ KKaI'tUTABLJi.
Winchester House, 44 Third at.. nearMarkec:
LOO rooms: *-'6c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $i
I»r w»*ic: Ir*«> 'bus and t>arsr»7e to and from f«rrv
MAI... iil.i..- WAMJiD.
Oolc~^3^r^OOKr^o'^A r "wEEkT^DISH-
\J washer. $25 and room; cook, $8 a week; ; broil-
er. 50; coos, small place, $20 and room; cook.
$65 and room: dishwasher, $30. MARTIN'S, 749
Market St.*-" \ '
VARMI'.R AND WIFE, WITHOUT CHI fy
X dren $40 and found; 10 farmers $'20, 425, $30:
borse^hoer, city siop: choreracn. ML'K' AY &
KEADY. Lea ling Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. •■ . ■"..
"_) COOKS;: 3 WAITERS; DIsHWASHERa
O MURRAY A READY, Leading -hmployment
Agents 634 and 636 Clay st.
.> J..PANJ-.SII, CoOKs FOR RANCHWS, «25
& and found. MURRAY * READY, Leading
Employment A gents, 634 arid 636 Clay s .
ENUINhF.It FOR A MINE: NONE BUT A
J man who has run a double- hoist need apply.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 cieary st.
IDDLJE - AiiED MAN TO IK) CHORES
around a private piece, country; $10. and
found; see party here. C. R. JiANsEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. , . : .
|\r ANTED-2 CABINET- FIRST
'» took .f 6O. second coos $30, and dishwasher
529, same country notel-. waiter, country hotel.
$25; waiter, country restaurant, $30; and 6 hers.
Apply to J. F. CROSEiT A CO., t>2B Sacramento.
•_> WAITERS. COUNTRY HOTEL. $26: WAII-
«> er I>r steamer, SiO: second res teurant cook,
»50. - It T. WARD A CO., 608 nnd 610 Clay st.
\V" ANTED— FROM A MEXICAN, LESSONS
■•in SDanMh conversation in exchange for caih
or lessons In German, Knglish cr bookkeeping.
Address T. X.. 1007 Market st.
TMMEDIATELY. AGENT FOR CLEANING
X and dyeing establishment; reference required.
BEKTIN'S, 430 Bush St.
PARTNER WANTED-ESTABLISHED GRO-
X eery and pork business: horse, wagon and
stock grocery on hand; experience not necessary-
Box 120, Call. ■
ESPONMIBLK GOOD MAN OR MAN AND
wlf ,• 10 taki'clip.rEc of a first-class restaurant.
Call after 3 p. m.. a: 124 V* O'Farrell s:. ■
rnWO PAINTKRS WANTED FOR SMALL JOB.
X Apply grocer/ NW. corner Twenty-fourth and
Bryamsts.. as 7:15.
VOUNO MAN ACQUAINTED WiTH CARD,
X clubs can learn soiaething of interest • by ad-
dres-li .U F., box 91, Call Office.
\\f AN TED— TAJLOJt to WORK jnside;
'» good coat maker. 609 ValeucU st.
ANTED— BARIiKR FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 341 Hayes st.
OOD " BARBER \V ANTKD FRIDAY. 1193
Market st. • .
l/AKBItK WANTED FOR KKIDAY AND &AT-
X> uruay. 623 Clay st. ; 8 o'clock. :
\\r ANTKD — PRKSSBoY . IN PRINTING
'»» office. Apply at room 58 1170 Market. "
\\7 ANTKD— FIRST COOK. 660 HOWARD ST.,
■»", German Hotel.'- •■•-.• ■'<-■":. . ■
VJKAMKN FOR KUROPE, NEW YORK, AUS-
-0 tralia Honolu v. 10 stuuart st., upstairs.
AN. WITH LITTLK CASH: BIG MONEY;
no canvassing. Room 5. 10 J7 .Market st.
OY TO LKAHN SIGN-PAINTING. MAK-
TIN'S, 749 Market si. '.-"■. . ; .-;, :. -
UANKKUPT SALE— HAVING PURCHASED
'* large stock of . boots and shoes that must be
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
nprin? goods.: Cal. Boot and Shoe Mfg. Co.'s stores,
767 Market and 638 Mnrket. opp. Palace Hotel.
\\l ANTED—* BARBERS', STRAIGHT-BACK
'» chairs, at 7Su^jj Howard st. ; call a. m. t
NKRGKTIC MAN- CAN easily make
$160 a month: $50 required : no irlllers. 2ly 2
1 hirJ st., room 6.
IpoRSALh— RE-TAURANTON O'FARKELL
st., with new Krencu range. Inquire at 3171/2
Third St., furniture- .
A*: ANTKI*— MAN TO COOK, WASH AND
, '• keep house for family, 4 men, in a mountain
village. Address Cook, box 39, Caw office. ' •
T> ECRU ITS WANTED, FOR THE UNITED
Xt Mates Marine Corps. ' United States Navr:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally declared their intention
to become citizens: must be of good character and
habits and able to sneak, read and write Knglitn,
and between 6; feet 6 lncnes and 6 feet in height.
For further Information ' apply | at I the Recruiting
Office. '-<> Kills su, San Francisco, Cal.:  ;
ANTKD— SHOKMAKKR To BUY REPAIR-
Ing-shop; 2 machines. 336 Gough st.
MEN AND WOMEN OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
and willing to work can learn or a permanent
situation at good wages by writing at one* to P. V.
li., box 283. Augusta, Maine. . / :
Qj7^. PAKTNERIN BUTCHKR— HOP; EX-
<tUJ I O. perience not necessary. Call 335 Fourth.
"VTi-.W WALW) 11OUSK, 76.' MISSION, MI-/ I'.
J-' 'M and 4th— Singl« furnished rooms, night 15c
10 50c. week $1 to $2 60; reading-room; strictest »'--
tention morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.'
"Ij'XPKKIENCED NEWSPAPER SOLICITOR;
Jlj first-class opportunity; state last employment.
Address Immediate,' box 24,' Ca 1 office. ■■„■• .£B3BBB
TYLISII AND DURABLE, CALF. SHOES
made to order: $2 60. : 959 Howard, nr. f>ixtb.
OK' FULL , AND CLEAN 10c i»i<;AL OR
X I coffee and cakes 5c go to 13*6 Grant aye. .
LCHOHOU"!-., BB3Vi MARKKIST.— ROOMS
20c, 26c to 50c nieht: $1 to $2 wee 10
ANTf.D— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
. to know tbas'Ed KolKln, hero House proprie-
tor.; still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150
Urge rooms; 25c per ulgat; $1 10 $3 per week.. .
1 1 iK V f A CMX • tlK>Ueiiwi \>.il:M AJtlvr.T *>i.. BiS-
J. low Sixth. :or m room: V6c a; night: ' $!'; a week..
\\r INCHKSTKK HOUSK, 44 THIKD ST..NR.
'' , Marxei: - 200 rooms, : 25c .1 night: - reading-
room: free bus and l>a«cnge to and from the ferry.
SHOESJSHOKS! SHOES! NEW TO OKDi-,k"
0 any style, $3 , up; ; misfits and cast-off shoes
bough: or exchanged: large stock of second-haaj
Mjnr-s; first-class repairing: work guaranteed.
749 Mission .it-, near Grand opera-bouse. - ■'
1 (\l\ jiien toitakk lodging, at ioc. 15c
11/U'and -.'Oc a nlgnu including coffee ana 10 Cl
624 Washington nU , near Kearny. •: w<a-
- ■ - - ■ • ■
HELP WANTED- Continued. 
BARBERS' protective union emtloy
ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 667ci>r
IjARBi-.R^-FoR J-.MPLoVMh.NT CALL SEC.
J) P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUClls, 326 Grant aye.
1 OLKNJiYMii.> BAR ha' iSM PLO I'Aljs..N 7
J secretary. H. BERNARD. 102 feventh st.
■ >ARBEK WASH STAND-. ONE, TWO AND
I) three bowls. ■heap. 623 Golden Gate aye.
■~(H»1 A CASH A.ND SERVICES: $25 A WEEK
tlplU guaranteed. " ; 215 Sansoaie a... room 12.
K-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 v 5. $1 50 per week.
j Pact tic House, Commercial antf i-eidesdorff sts.
I WANTi-.D-AN JDKA: WHO CAN TH INK OK
I » » some - simple thing to patent? I'rotect your
Wen*: they may bring you wealth, Write JOII.>
WJiDDERBURN A CO.. Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washtneton. D. C.. for their »lb«J i>ru*
oflvr and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
mHE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING- ,
-Lnouse In town. Lindell House, bth and Howard. I
VA/ ANTED, 10 CO IjI.KcT WACJi-.oJ*UM.AiiOrt j
V» »r«AclerK«. KXOX Collection A gey. 110 Hotter j
I \»; ANTED-SINGLi. ROOM.-, 13c A DAY; $1
I V> wee*; room* for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. ,36 Clay m.
SIMON WANTS 100 M.-.N .TO <XT BO I-
. tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
DOOMS 15c To 75c NIGlil ; 60C TO $150
XV per, week. Oriental. 225 Drnmnt st.
ANTKD. YOUR SHOW" —WE KEPAI
hoes up to 9 o - clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repairei
at night while you wait: ladles' Holing, »sc; ruen'i
toling, 60c; tine shot-» made to order irom $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as ■
less than one-fourth, their value, from 26c up tit
$2 00. .'.82 Mission be., bet. First s:. and Second *i.
ACiK>"Ti \>A>Ti£l).
A OKSTS-T BOOK "THAT 6 UTaKLLS ANY
A pub'lcation slice Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the commander-lu-chlef of the
United Stales army: ' first agent's commission
$22 in 3 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whllaker A Ray Company,
723 Market st. ; ■
"vro MAGAZINE OFFERS SUCH libkral
xi inducements to aeents as The Family Journal.
Write for particulars, 14 sansome st.. S. F. -
jiOOMS WANTED.
JTlTitNlsl I FTnu^OMS^F oTTwTn T^liTs^KX-
chansre for dressmaking. A. M.. box 119, Call.
wanted- mis cell, aneous.
TO KEN^^^XITL~C^'I?rKY GaTUerVI
furnished or unfurnished. H. MERRILL, 612
Clay su. S F.
AFE; BURGLAR-PROOF: STATE MAKE,
size and lowest price. 7.., box 165. Call office.
OECOND-lIAND KODAKS;. CAMERAS. LEN-
-0 ses, magic lanterns and slides. 109 Montgmry.
A PPL^S WANTED— SOUND WINTKR VA-
-£jL rieties; 4 tier; in carload lots; for cold-stor-
age purposes. Consumers' Ice Company, 420
Eighth St., S. F.
OOMS PAPKREH. $2 50 UP: WHITENED.
$1 up: stains or blemishes removed; painting
by day or contract; 1200 Webster, tel. Stelner;23s.
\\T ALL PAPER, 4C A RuLL; PAPER HANG-
'» Ing, painting, etc., by contract or day's work.
at vnur own price; work must be bail N. K.
MEKIGAN. 1302 Webster st. ,
V>UILDINGS EOUUHT: LUMBKK, SASHES,
X> doors. mantels, etc., for sale. 1168 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JKW-
elry 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
DENTISTS.
DR. JESSUP, DENTIST, FOBMERLY^aUT^
ter and Montgomery sts., can be found 318
Kearny st. .
CHALfrANT & CHAI.FANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgeworic aspeclalty.
R. U r. CKANZ— r.XTRACTION PAINLESS;
crown worK, bridge worii and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 suiter, NX. cor. Stockton.
«fl»7 FULL SET OF Lk.l-.lil WOKTii $16:
W I . warranted 6 years: extraction free; filling?
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
'"L-ULL SKT OK TEETH, S7. WARRANTED;
X 1 filling 30c. crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21 Vi 3d.
/^OHON IJH.NTAL ASsOCIA ilO-N, t>Od jidil-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
ii. E. W. PRATI— TEETH ON ALUMINUM
I lates same price as rubber. 14 Grant aye.
Ql-n A SET FOR 1 fcliiH- WAnRA.NTED AS
♦4P • good as can bo made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS, j
demise. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
V>AiNLi^3S h.X'l KACI lON, 60c; ChoWN I
x. bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: ISvean'
experience. H. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81584 Geary.
I\R. LUDLUM JllLu. 1443 MARKET ST M NX.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8. per set; extracting Due: gas given.
SKI' i>i- 'iKEiHWiTniiUi 1 a iai Jl xjA
— 11.. G. Young. 1841 Polk s-.
1 \K. J. J. l.i-.ji.i». liUtiJiAhKfcf. VOH. i.v'LUKN
XJ Gate aye. ; open eventne»: snndari Mil noon.
KOOMK DEiS'TAI. ASSOCIATION. 768 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas speclalijts; palnlen
fxtractln«, with gas, X.l: plates. $5 up: fill. $1 np.
K. GttOHiii-; W. LEEK, THK GKNVINK
Leek deu:i*;, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work' or - teeth.
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20O*Farr<>lU;.
LL WOKK KKASU.VAJJLK AND W AU-
ranted. DR. J.W. KEY. 1133 Market at.
itK.MTUKi; i'OU SALE.
furnish 4 rooms. $.8 to*so: best bargains.
furnish 4 rooms, $u8 to $50: best bargains.
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO. — LOWEST
prices; furniture, carpers ; all grades. 866 Mis.V n
UCTL >N HCJU.^E, 827 JIISSiON ST.— ASH
chamber suits, $13 50: folding-beds. $10.
UAS. M. VLUM A CO.. UPHOLSTEKY CO.
/ 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
A{\{\ CAKPJiTS; CHAMBER SK is. $14:
"V" stoves, $5: parlor sets. $20: folding-bedv
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
us new: cas < or on time: open evenings. :
IUKNITUUK WANTED.
I~F Y OU \V AN : GOO TrpRICK FO FU RNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
KiHEK I'KJC«. 1 HAA ANYWHERE PAID
by Indians Auction C 0,1057 Market. opp.Jonei
A.-.H PAiD FOX E.NTIiIE JUOUttiiS UK
smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J. ]
BOWCHER 222 Stockton: send postal.
BiEDICAL.
A^^Tr^RKiTFrirv^T HAT 1 IS PE RFECTL V
J\. harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; -yean' experience: first-class borne in con-
finement. Dr. & Mrs. Davies, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2: hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 p. M.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
xV store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: ■ every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement.- MR.s. DX. DALEY, 112 a
Market st., over the Owl Drug store.
R. LETS FRKNCH CAPSULES— a
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no mater what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects: taken'ln time It
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box-
Rent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 83 Grant aye.
-NEW-FROCKS*— NO MEDICINE, ..Nsl'Kf-
roent or worthless pills used;, every woman I
ber own physician for all female troubles, no matter i
from what cause: restores always In one day: can
be sent and used at home; al cases guaranteed
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL. :flB Kearrty!
VLL, CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
J\.- restored In a few hours: safety assured at any
time: instant relief for traveler.; home In confine-
merit: consult free: confidential; hour* 10 -a 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. OlßPust'it "near I LK
DRS. GOODWIN, BPKCIALIST; LaDIFS.
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed; any
disease or complaint: home for patients best skill-
free diagnosis; iow lees: self cure. 904 McAllisters':
A LPKA, '8 FRKNCH P'LL>-A BOO V TO
B^ in^'Vo'lin female tro »bles: no danger; safe
DKSS^ J nl^yea^
,he C ,vf S l ! 1 , PraCtiCe ls a *«"u»nteo of fair treatme"?;
the worst cages treated satlsfacorlly by mall. ■
$iS( )()V AIJ> i A I KAIUUCI RK OF
c?nVnltyfi.f m ,* le complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT. 325 Geary
T)U j-KAK'o FEMALK KKGULATINGfILLS;
Rl( M arS JpnT' eminenanogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS &CO.,drugglsts. 406 Clay st.,sole
H^tYi' &£*££££ ANI) MOTHER'S CARIS.
XX MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 f.lghth St., Alameda.
l»ei MRs.dk. PUKTZ and be content. 'J641/J, 4th.
J-*e« MRS.DR. PUETZ and be content. 264^ 4th.
l) XiK i« HAIJ V 14 M CALUSJ STREET. NEAK
xj Jones. : Diseases of women and child reo.
M "- n< P -X)ONOVAN. 13,0tM.OLSOM ST."7
m confinement:. terms reasonable.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.;
JHS^l^i K .i, CHARDs - LAW OFFICE.* ROOM?
*f. i a *! ld 27, Crocker DuUUiu«; leiepnoua to.**
75. Ban Francisco, Cat ., • -*■•«•
... . ..;'.. , ; : STORAGE. ." .. .' ~—
C tor aq^chbapestin'thb cirvT^T^T
O proof building; advances made. La/ktn
I^URNrrURE, . PIANOS, --TRUNK-,- -x 1J-
T «ucn, Bhlpplng. CHA* U TAVw)K/io4Po^:
FFSr>'KRS CHANCE.
mil An OROCKKY AND BAR: DfUNO
tip I lUv'. fine business: location Al: will bear
investigation: s«-e inlsa. once; a snap. SChiE-
Ni-.R & c«)., 7 City Hal! aye. ' - . \
<& 1 i\[\ LUNCH COUNTER IN A FINE LO-
«IpIUU. cation as in city; cheap rent: will sac-
rifice: owner • must leave city. fcCKIBNEK <&
CO.. 7 City Hall aye. ■
Qt C(\f\ TWO HOR-iKS, TEAMING BU-*I-
«IPOUU. ness, fine establlsned trale; paying
from $126 to $200 per month; team north price
asked. SCRIbNKR & CO.. 7 City Hal aye.
$1 0 ||(|/1 WHoLKSALtC AND RETAIL
•4p.lV/.WU. family liquor store: one of tlia
best known places In calliornia: doin? a tine busi-
ness and lorato.i tlie be»t: this Is a business mi-
i vestment that will stand every investigating,' nnd
i is considered first place of the kind in California.
SCltl BNER A CO, 7 City Hall nve.
UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE
1-; the whole or a three-quarcer Interest in a well-
[ established warehouse business paying a and
sure yearly income; will accept desirable prop-
erty in part payment. ASTON, ELDRIDG^A
CO., 6; 8 Market su /..,--, ■ .
Qt 'AIM \ '•**-» l'Ali KANT; GRKAT BARGAIN:
tJJ>«JV/\/. In the Immediate vicinity of Market su;
good business »nd nicely titled -."low rent. Ap-
ply KENNY A CO.. 917 Market »t.
GOOD PAYING GENERAL -MERCHANDISE
store lor sale; establish^ s nee 1886 stocK
will invoice about $2000. Inquire at 129 San-
scme or address J. a. & M. GoLDWATEK, . v aa
Lucas, Monterey Coumr.
INING-ROOM FOR RKNT— ON X OF THK
largest hotels In Oakland: rent taken out ia
board: party must have money. App'.y p. H.
FELLKY. 921 Broadway, Oakland, room 10.
(jur nr COK.nEK SALOON: HA »o M X
«JpU 10. fixtures; doing good business: good
reason for selling; investigate at once upstairs'
45 Third st.
$1 Or PARTNER ASSISTANT; $40 PER
IZiO. raomh guaranteed. Apply D. McRAK,
827 Mission st.
TO OR SALE— GROCKKY AND BAR: GOOD
-T location: center Of the city. inquire HEY
GRAUEN HOLZ <fc CO., 215 Sacramento at.
■m. -• ri\ RESTAURANT: DOING GOOD BUSl-
«lplc)v'. ness: 3 liviDK-rooms: must be sold
immediately: rent $2a 1260 Mission st.
VIA KANT; PARTLY FURNISHED;
reasonab c r?n\ Apply J. F. PLUMB, 140V5
Valencia St.. cor, fifteenth.
Fok sale — drugstore IN country
town: nicely fitted and good paying; no cut
rates. F. S., box 6. Call. ■
"L~<OK BALK-OX ACCOUNT OFSICKNES>: A \
-F nice little cigar-store with factory outfit for 1 I
man. 267 Third .st. •__ £_ I
(li. "/m WANTED; GOOD SECURITY: $1 PER 1
•IT OXJXJ day interest for one year. 1>69 Steve"n- i
son st. PIT 1 hlrteenth; hours 7 to 10 a. m. "
(jjoc/wi PARTNER WANTED IN fAYINO
i^)Z.OKf\J. manufacturing business. R., box 88,
Call Office.
ELDKRLY GE^TLKMAN PARTNER WANT-
Xj ed by Scandinavian - widow. 1 Fif st,, room
22, after 10\ : .■
"DESTAURANT TO TRADE FOX RANCH IN
XV Sonoma or Napa county; average receipt, $14.
Box X 120 .Call. - -
»Orf| RESTAURANT; RECEIPTS $30 A
tlP^,O\J. day; cheap rent. Apply D. M.iMcRAE,
827 Mission si. .
\kr ANTED— Pa PbIK^KOUTE EITHER SIDE
'* of thebJy: under $2000. J.. box 167, Call.
Cj;O^./| HALF-IN'TERH-ST IN GOOD-PAY-
<P^t)U. ing business. 8., box 15. Call Office,
AY, GRAIN, Wu«'D AND COAL YAKu;
business locality. 19 .5 M I ■•son st.
1 NVENTORs— IK YOU WANT TO PROCURE
X or sell a patent, or need capital, call or write
Hall of Inventions, '-15 Sansome st , room 12.
VLTK have THE best-paying business
'» proposition in the city for $300. 215 Sansome
St., roo:a 12.
1/URST-CLASS RESTAURANT— LOW RENT:
X I receip's $30 daily: must be sold on account ot
other business: 1 rial given. App:yat cal office.
Q>'j/\/» RESTAURANT WiTH A GOOD
«3) O\J M. steady trade. Apply at 17 Thirtieth su
for Information.
ANTED-PARTNERIN SMALL COFFEifi
parlor. K. H., box 73, Call Office. ;
OB PRINTING Ot FICt, FINE CONDI! ION;
cash, 1850; installments, $950. 4 cal. sL rm. 6.
ood partner wanted; OL«i CORNER
.saloon; good business. Inquire at 31 Ninth st.
inn BUTCHER-SHOP DOING A NICK
XUv. cash business. lulO Baker st.
ToCK OF GROCERIES FOR >ALE AND
store to let: cheap. SW. cor. Hyde and Post.
(& I f\l\(\ THRIVING BUSINESS IN CITY
ijJIUUU. of Vallejo; live. town on coast:
pay-roll from navy-yard alone $10J.000 monthly:
all stocked and ready for holiday trade, but com-
pelled to go hast; 10 ronti fare from San Fran-
cisco. Address box 341, Valiejo. Chl.
Uj.t)- /IU will BUY a PAYING LIVEKY
tjT.^'ijyjV stable in ' this city: old stand; largt»
business: part cas a, part real estate. Address
I 'wrier, box 169. Call Office. ,
$<.)( U | STATION KKY - AND VA UJ IV
Jj\J\J. store. Apply Call Branch Cfllce, 167
Ninth st. : ; .
KW PATENT, BEST OF ITS KIND, FOR
-Li moneyed man. (>-:'■ Golden Gato aye. ■
»)l\l »> FILLM.ORE ST.— RESTAURANT FOR
<-Ul»- sale.
fHAILoK-^iloP: CHEAP. 914 KEARNY Si.,
1 near Montgomery aye.; retiring from business.
RAI'.K OPPORTUNITY TT3 PUKCHASa;
old-established furniture, carpet and under-
inking business; clears over $3000 a year; stock:
$10,000, (iEO. L. BIKKMAIEK Wells-Farga
Kxuress butldtne.
\\r ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000 jN A
*» grocery and liquor house established since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
IN INTERIOR CITY.
< close to San Francisco. For particulars appi/
this office.
UUlh FOR SALK ACROSS 'IHE .HA*. 13^"
IV onlre at Call Oftic«.
LOpUING-HOIIS'KS FOX SALB.
~ f\ ROOMS, CLEAI?LN7T^2Oo7I^rPAY^
O\' m«uts ; $2500
28-room house; rooms all rented t-OU
8 rooms: near City Hall; i.ew. 250
14 rooms on Foisom St., near Third- 350
66-room corner house, new furniture SCO'J
3-> rooms on Market St., offer wanted... 850
12 rooms, central, good furniture . . 'J5'J
H. C DECKER, 1030 Market st,, opp. Fifth.
OQ ROOMS. RENT *00: MONEYMAKER $850
•*(.' 12 rooms. rent $25: nr. Market........ V 59
50 rooms; fine house; clearing $250 1700
14 rooms: new furniture; easy payment! 1000
6 rooms: nicely furnished; nonh Market... 110
28 rooms: clearinir $80.. ■ sj(j
UNDKRWoODife CO M 765 Market s'.
BEFORE BUYING OK SELLING HOUSES OR
XJ businesses see a. M. KLKiNS. 90S Market at.
(JtV^A PRIVATE: 23-T.OO.ii HOUSE: ALu
»F>^UV. full; _ rent 830: water free; can make
$75 per month. IV3y 2 Jackson st. •:;
TriIRBT-CI.ASS THAN S-I KNT HOUSE OF 8
X rooms: bargain this week. 131 Taylor st.
00 FURNISHED ROOMS; CHEAP; ON A(>
—CJ count of owner leaving city. 916 How rd sL
CAKVKT CLKAMSIi.
piTY BTKA •TI^KPBT'ciISAN IKO WORKV
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENsC
JM^r. 38 and 40 Kighth st,; telephone South '.'SO.
/IARHETS CLEANED AND KKNOVATJ-
\J like new. . FERGUSON * CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 35. D. MACKINTOSH A Co.. successor*.
WHEN YOU BfcX'OMIS DISGUSTED WITH "*
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car- ; .
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehamast.; tel. So. 4t.
ADVANCK C A KPKT-CLE ANI NU CO.. 40J
Sutter. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Prop.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING CO.,
. 240 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
pARPEt-CLEAJNING. 3c: LAYING, 3c: UUTJ
\J sampl(M free; tel. .iesslP944. Stratton, 198 th st.
ON KLIN'S C A R P KT - BEAT 1 N WOKKn
333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone tCasl 126.
•10 A UllU AT GREAT WESTERN CARPET-
»-) cleaning Works. 11 Eighth su .
"I ONES & CO.. MAIN~OFFICK ■25 AND 27
«' Kighth st. Telephone Jessie 1061.
i'UU OALE-aiISCKLLANiiOUS.
vF.COND-HA.ND 4-CA N MILK DELI VERT
.O wagon, $.2. Apply 159 Second st.
r* OLD EARRINGS AND PIN, R WOR\~
VJ a so diamond locke: and chain- oorhsetshanal
some and new. Address CM., box 12* Call.
PrettY MOURNING BONNET, SCARCELY
J. used: Very reasannble. Address a, box 72, Call.
AN IMPORTED FEMALE~"itNGLISH Pnn'
J\ mnltesecoor: C months old; In perfect con ,ii'
tion: finest and only one in the city; price $ 50 "
Address bjx ... 84. > all office. ■ * 'J_ °". 1 c - * 00<
1 H OLST 177 CO , JUST C\J. V ED uFKlfi.'
1 Red Flag, Six-Mi c station, San Bruno Voad 1^
LOR SALE CHEAT- 10 ROOMS AND mTH.
r all occupied^ 518_Taylorst. BATH;
/COMPLETE SET TINNEU'S TOOLS AT a"
VJ bargain. WHITE, 616 Mission st. AT A
TJiGiiEsT PRICE pa i GKNTa,' '>n ha r m
cothlng and dresses. FABIAn! IQTOFota^
T)UY YOUR RATTAN CIIAIRS~RorKKR«j"
, ii lable V talltls ' eic • nt the »««or; andiave r£
ing. California Rattan 61 E oous st.lor? Mission
l^^cahforniajtauau Co.. 61 t '„.. nr?Mlsiu)n
ATIONAL CASH REGISTER GOOD OR-
r*' der; also large folding-door safe.' 8 MuTton"
Mgwg/g apasg amgaasf
ARS, SHOWCASES. COUNTERS SHKI v"
.- " inc. etc.. ■ ought and sold. 1063 Mission "? LV T
UOJLERSENOINES,-.'D.HANI>MACIiINKRV
X> -^ter-plpes. Mclntosh A Wol pm a^ri37 B^,s
PHYSICIANS.
-^ Oolden Gate ay.; disuses of womeiT^Jtc2?&HOUSES TO LET.
• fpo irj-Horsn OF « Buoxs ako uses I
.« I rard. corner hr-.-aut and Noe sts., bet. Third i
»• mid 1 nrth; rentals.
/j I O^« EOt ' 5 ROOMS WITH STABLE. 737
§ 'XL Willow aye. (i
- T£ KEN'K — NICE HOUSE, COTTAGE OR
•X-flat. :e .• (jCBI UN' EB & CO., 7 City Hall aye I
. B.j:d save looking aron.
4 BOOHS A.ND HATH, CHEAP. 429~TH1R- I
3 J. teeiuh st., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
''' T- ( ' i-ET-CORNEK TWENTIETH AYE. AND I
0 n •a. n St.. sooth -a-i Francisco.; largo lot. house
0 '■■. I * ble - etc.; sultab.e for chicken ranch. Apply at I
'•acamonto k.., room 2. ■".■'■ *'.-■■ ]
' jit9o .WHOLK lloC!SK -- 6 ROOM a, BATH, i
.„ , —v» -814 Laguna si., near Union.
" HU C -ii-.S~nTILh.Nr h'oa VKKV LITTLK
, •*-•- money at BALDWIN it HAMMOND'S, 10
. Montcomery St.. - ....
* . COTTAGES TO LET.
■
J " ■"■ 1 ; l ii ROOMS, BATH:' STABJUbToVB
V/,iors«and wagon: 167 Krio st., near Folsom.
MA^DIs :.% ,v KVKKK.
s • X TO 8 ROOM, XKAKLY NEW COTTAGES;
.- « ' $12 ..*'.'s; half month free. SPECK A CO.,
; 602 Market.
: OUNN V COTTAGES" 4 A.t*D ft ROOMS, BATH;
, ►■_ basement; yard and stable. Fifteenth and Do-
.. loressts.
( -OTTagis OK 5 'ROOMS AND BATH. 238
' <• V Collin-jwnodst., near Twentieth.
:' . (^ o xt agT^ 4 iToTiTjis and uasement; i
j cheap. 670 M alniit aye., near Lagana. .
Q.l F;A AND" «» — CoTTAGr.S, 3 AND 4 !
0 ■ <v- i .kj\J rooms; K°od order: water free. Apply
■ premises, 915 Bryant St., or UIIBSEN di CO, 14
Montgomery st.
MAX. YOUR RKNT PAY FOX A NKW COT- I
±'X taee In the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man- 1
tel: $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG, |
207 Twenty-second st. : otlice open evenings.
!■••?. rUItNISIIKI) FLATS.
FDRNISHED-3 ROOM^^Y^R^DTTia~I2B
XT sari Carlos aye., nr. Eighteenth »nd Mission.
FLATS TO LET.
v I!>>r>FKF.KPING~"FLATT^4 nice
<4PXU. sunny rooms: water free. 224i/i O'Far-
rell st. .
CO AND *9; 4 AND 6 SUNNY ROOMS",
<uO newly painted; upper »nd lower flat. 375
Sanchez st.
1 'FpWO ELEGANT NEW FLA IS, NEWLY
■ X tinted: grand marine view: 8 sunny rooms and
I bath; 1808 ard 1810 Vallejo st near Gonsh; rents
I moderate. Address J. X., box 145, Call office.
Q. I A VPPKR FLAT; 4 ROOMS. hall AND
tO iv. double parlors. 16063.; Stevenson st.
near Eighteenth.
"1 I -71 FIiXMOKE — SUNNY C'HXEK; 6
*- ' '" rooms, oath: cheap rent togcod tenant.
141 r. GOLI)EJi GATE AVK. — elegant
Jilt.) upper flat of 8 rooms and bah; rent re-
duced to *32 50.
-*»m TEHAMA— MODERN FLAT, 6 ROOMS;
• »»JX bath; gas, latest improvements: rent re-
duced.
9O PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
—«J block from Market — Lovely Runny upper
modern 5-room Cat; rent $15, water free.
<£ 1 Q NICE FLAT, 7 ROOMS AND BATH.
0 IP. 404 Ninth st.
TAPPER SUNNY FLAT. 4 ROOMS AND
'-' bath ; rent cheap. 5 Julian aye. • «
(•BAfSCH. XX. HOWARD— NICK SUNNY
X) flat of 4 rooms; large yard: cheap rent.
QIC Si NNY, UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS:
i^XO. modern. 135 Fair i aks, nr. Twenty-third.
TTPPER SUNNY MODERN FLAT 7 ROOMS
\J and bath. 1158 Golden Gate aye., cor. Webster.
Lo i bay-window flat; 5 rooms.
XJ 30 1 2 Moss st., between Sixth and Seventh.
. Key corner of Howard.
OP MODERN PLAT; 7 ROOMS: ALL
X flay; 233 l'»ge St., corner Laguna. GEO. W.
* REID. ♦ . .
(•*»,". GOLDEN GATE AYE., BET. VAN NESS
•, \i^.O and Franklin— Fine flat 7 rooms and bath; \
all modern improvement*.
1 09 1 HAIGHT. NR. BAKER— .VICE 6-room
X\JZiX flat: best block on Halght; tine view.
Q 1 <■) FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS aND
, ♦«T J- — • basement. 706 Birch *ye., nr. Buchanan.
VI LAI'S 10 rtij..\T toll- VERY LI TTLK
X- money at CALDWLN at HAMMOND 'a, 10
.vcniromerr Ft.
iiOL'SEIiEEPINCr KOOMS.
Bryant Street.
.. . '11 BRYANT, NEAR THIRD— FRONT SUN-
>• 1 J ny suite; $9 per month. - - ■'
Capp Street.
PI _ CAPP— 3 SUN.VY- FURNISHED HOUSE-
*>ltr keeping rooms; yard: also single. •
Eddy Street;
THK LF.XINGTON, 212 EDDY— NEWLY
furnished housekeeping rooms; a.so single and
E!lit<?S.
I l '" -, Ellis Street.
009 ELLIS (PALMETTO) —FURNISHED
Oil— housekeeping rooms: also suites and single.
DOM ELLIS. COR. LARKIX— SUNNY, FUR-
"OO«/ nished room; housekeeping; $3 50 per
week. .
l iftii Street. .
, I j-1 FIFTH-TWO ROOMS FURNISHED |
' li'Ja for housekeeping, $12: also other rooms. I
3- 9 FIFTH— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FURNISHED
■ — — for housekeeping; cheap.
Fifteenth Street.
>. FURNISHED BOOM, WITH USE OF
kitchen; *10; refeiences. Apply '2o23 Fit-
• „ ." teenth st., near Church. '
.. ■ l'illmore Street.
Qr-\ f\ 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
CLU. family. 2212 Fill more St., near Clay.
iiuHurd Streoi. "
1 A \ 1 HOWARD-SUNN i BAY-WIN
. ,';ll'dn3 room furnished far housekeeping; als?
sunny single rooms; rent low. '
. ' -I (\rj{\ HOWARD— WELL, FURNISHED SUN«
-' * XU. I U ny front suite and kitchen: bath.
°'l 1 '^ft l HOWARD— FRONT BAY-WINDOW
1 1 £O% suites for light housekeeping: b3th:
.: . hjde Siree.. MEM
• ''• 9QA HYDE— 2 COMPLETELY FURNISHED
, _»JV/ rooms for housekeeping, rent $15; 1 large
sunny front room, rent 812. . . .
McAllister Street.
p-\ r McALLISTER-2, 3 OR 4 FURNISHED
: *1 L J rooms for housekeeping: eas stove and
bath: to a satisfactory party: rent low; no children.
••;■■:■ Mission Street.
* QA 7 MISSION— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM,
•* t/T: I with kitchen, for housekeeping.
-icy i l-l MISSION ST.— TWO SUNNY FRONT
•■'. X — — -X rooms; also housekeeping and single rms.
Octavia Street.
' 1A AQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY-CONNECT-
X'ttUO ing; bay-windows: gas stove: cheap.
yolk Street.
-1 r\f\n POLK, COR. GEARY— NICE SUNNY
J \)\) & suite of rooms; a separate kitchen; in
°° modern apartment house: fine mantel; gas stove:
• bath: all' conveniences; rent $20; refs. exchanged.
• \ (**O POLK — 2 NICELY > URNISHED,
l.'O'iO large, sunny front rooms; $15.
fclxtli street.
. 1 O,f"XTH - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X-.Z'i rooms, suites and single; rent moderate;
. first floor. . • ■'
scientti Stree;.
1 " 7 SEVENTH— LARGE FRONT ROOMS
101 for housekeeping; »8 to «10 month.
• q n - HKVKNTH-2 SUNNY FRONT UNFUR-
Z\j*y nished housekeeping rooms: $3.
ilnrrt Street.
'* A |A,TniRD-LARGE. SUNNY, COMFOR-
*II\J table housekeeping rooms: reasonanle.
. A WINK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
A. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS ' TO LEI.
California Street.
W "000 CALIFORNIA. NEAR HYDE-NICE
1.000 room, furnished or unfurnished, in a pri-
vate family; suitable for a lady. -
_ Ellis street.
EOYAL HOUSE, 126~KLLIS - INCANDES-
cent lights in every room: reading-room, con-
taining dany pa t ers; smoking-room and ladies'
• parlor! open all nl-.'l.t; rooms per night. 35c to
• *1 60:' week, *2 to «8: mouth. «8 to «*>:«« «-
- capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
• o now re«dy:hotand cold water in each room; baths.
*' rmiK KAMONA. ISO KWJfj. JIIW KATRI.
tried: newly furnished: elevator: hot A cold wa,er.
Eighth Street.
C/HKRMAN 'APARTMENT- HOUSE. 28 BTH
O St., Dear Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i 11111 Street. '
*'• in- FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
J»U i nished rooms. _,
> -i -.> FIFTli'-SINGLE AND DOUBLE BOOMS,
J O~ $5 month up. .
1 ulhoiii ■•ilr«e"
B'7H FOLSOMY.NR: FOUIITH-SINGLE FUR-
~\J nishi'd rooms, »1 per ween.
i vurtli "i>tre«i.
A HO FOURTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOM WITH
'lUOg^ate; suitable for lady or gentleman -.pri-.
vatfc fiimily. 1
. K.OOSIS, TO LET— Continued.
Fulton -Street.
49f» FULTOX-4 LARGE ROOMS; BATH;
tt^U rent $10. • . ..
' Ueary Street.
O] 7 GEARY— LARGE ALCOVE: SUITABLE
oil tor 1 or 2 cents: rent reasonable.
000, AND, 830 GKARY, NEAR POWELL—
■ 'J£dKJ Sunny furnished rooms; grates; running
water. ' -
007 GEARY. COR. MASON-N FUK-
*J*J « nished sunny front rooms; suites or single.
J/),- GEARY (THE AVARUE)-FUKNISH-
n\J*J ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed; ,
T-.1 O GEARY - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
■VJ-U. suites .and . sunny back parlor; running
water; gas.
ARTINEITI, 1101 g"ka ry. COR. VAN
Ness— suites and singles: newly furnished.
*; V' ji Guerrero; Street.
{i(\ r 7 '■•UERREKO- "2 SUNNY FURNISHED
\J\J I front rooms, bay-window, grate; or 2 suuny
rooms in rear; board optional; references ex-
changed, -i
Howard Court,
1 n9n HOWARD, NR. SIXTH-NICE. SUNNY
■l"ii" furnished room.
- o«\-,*ie Miei't.
A* Q JESSIE — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
111' cheap: bit. Fifth and Sixth
"A] JESSIE. COR. tlXi 11 — HANDSOMELY
tJUJ, furnished' front rooms; reasonable rents:
good. board if desired.
Jones street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— \J 4 management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.; $10 toS3O.
MO JONES— SUNNY FURNISHED ICOOM.S;
<->— O quiet; gentlemen only; private: references.
7|H- JONES — LARGE .-sunny fkont
'""' room; rent reasonable.
< ■ Keax-ny Street.
KEARNY, NR. SUTTER— UNFURNISHED
front room.", offices or housekeeping; gas tree;
low rent. Apply 15 Grant aye. -,\.
'. KMNOTON HOUsK, 127 KKAKNY —
- ' Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; ara:
' iiss 111 every respect: terms reasonable.
Ltuvenwortli Slice i. '
Al 1 LEAVENWORTH— WELL FURNISHED
t:J_ X alcove; also hall room; sunny; $6.
Market Street.
V OBEMTTP; " HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — TKR
J night. SSc.to fl : week. *l 50 to *5. tamllli»i.
i:cAl!iBier Street.
f>-\ r McALLISTKR— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
vI«J suite of rooms; rent low; no children.
TAX MCALLISTER -4 UNFURNISHED
• \JO rooms to desirable parties: cheap.
Minna Street.
(?(?7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
yJ\J I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week. ■
- >niama Street. ' '
J. 91 C N ATOM A — NICELY FURNISHED
1-.X sunny rooms, double and single; cheap.
O'i'urrell SITBOi.
709 O'FARRELL —NEWLY FURNISHED
I v/^, sunny front suite; also single room: use of
bath: married couple or gontlemen preferred.
Post Street. '
""pANDOLPH." 501 POST ST., COR. MASON—
XXi 50 bay-window parlors: smaller rooms; run-
nlng water; gas: 81 50 to $4 per week.
*•'_>' POST— MCKLY FURNISH KD, SUNNY
UOJ- room; gas, water and bath; 9b month.
I'owell Street.
TOO POWELL— FURNISHED OP. UNFUR-
-!—•> nished front suite, suitable for dentist's
office; also bay-window suites; running water;
transient. •
us 9. Street.
1 97 RUSS— SUNN V FURNISHED SINGLE
Xul.room; Coast and Oath: $4.
Seventh Street.
/""I IP.ARD HOUSE. 142 SEVENTH— SUITES
VX and kitchens; also single rooms.
Sixth Street. ~~
•19?: SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
1 — *J nicely furnished sunny double lront rooms.
lEJjMoNi," COR. SIXTH AND MINN A~
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod. conveniences.
Mock to 11 street.
rriHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
i. nished rooms, en suite or single: hot. cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient soilclteJ.
butter Street.
I "I AQ SUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
XX"±Q sunny suite and single rooms, 85 up.
' Turk Street.
C 4 S: TURK— SUNNY ROOM; ALSO
<JW single room. •
Webster Street.
Ql Q WEBSTER, COX. GOLDEN GATE AYE.
OXU — Furnished or unfurnished rooms In pri-
vate family: board optional; rent reasonable.
Miscellaneous.
PARTIES WISHING TO RENT THEIR
J rooms will find reaoy tenants at the San Fran-
cisco Renting Company. 53 Chronicle building.
BOAKLUNU ANL» KOOiIS.
ToTft^^AVlX^RO OM S?
I OXO suite: first-class board; refined Jewish
family. _ . .
ri •» MoALLISTIK— NEATLY FURNISHED
uli) rooms, with or without board: reasonable.
QUTT ER, 2516 — SUNNY FUKNISHhD
kJ rooms; private family; board optional.
71 O POST—TWO LAKfiK SUN N Y FRONT
I J — rooms wltu board, $45 for 2; use of parlor;
piano. :
UNNY ROOM with BOARD for GKNTLK
roan in private family: central location. Ad-
dress M. 8.. box 64, this office. -
A 1 O EDDY — LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
41— and other rooms, with board, »2o up.
mHE ABBOTSFORD. BI.OADWAY. NR. 1 OLK.
1 Quiet, homelike: terms mod.; bo. rd optional.
ATEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
1\ board; table a specialty. 437 Geary st.
(ill O'FARRELL— NICK SUNNY ROOM,
O XX with or without board.
UTh-L BKRTLI>G, 714 iiUsH— A FAMILY
hotel; references; all modern conveniences.
qajj van ness— newly furnished sun.
OUO ny rooms: rood board: reasonable.
CHIMJKK-V BOARDED..
Cfi~- A JON *■>■— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
OUO room with board forcoopie: $46.
ANTED— CHILD TO BOARD UNDER 2
»V yea ra old. 360 Jessie st. ■■
WANTED— INVALID OR CHILD TO CARE
'» tor by parties having own cow, horse, bu*gv
and all comforts; low prices. Addre*s V., box 8,
CallOqice. ■ ■-: ■> ■ ' <-
LADY WOULD LIKE INFANT TO WET-
nurse. W. N.. box 10, Oakland office.
KFINKD ■ HOME FOtt CHILD AT 1727
XV McAllister si.: terms moderate.
1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD; GOOD
1 home; best of care. Apply 3009 Harrison st.
MALL CHILDREN TO BOARD. A I> D R E SS
0 M. W., box 54, Frultvale P. P.. Alamerta <'a
STOKES r *U LET.
STORE. 1524 HOWARD, COW. LAFAYETTE,
with fixtures: cheap rent.
1 <)l\Z>. TURK-STORE WITH ROOMS IN
1 £\'O rear; suitable for stationery or bakery:
low rent. Apply, upstairs or ASHTON GARDI-
NE». 411 Montgomery sU ■
STORK TO LET— II6S HOWARD ST.; SUlT-
able for barber-shop; rent $16. '
' Ai-}f\ FOURTH — SMALL aTOKE WITH
1-C.\J rooms in rear; low rent. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.
T LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
basement. ' 324 Post st. •
HOBSES.
FINK HUSJNKSS HOKSK: RIDES AND
drives; must be sold. 143 Bartlett st.
"I C (\ SETS NEW AND SECOND lUMiUAK-
X O'J ness, all kinds; wagons, . boggles, eurro/i,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission v.
y|/i'HOR(IK.S FuK bALK; ALSO WAGON.-*,
rt\J buggies, rarts. harness; Grand Arcade Uotu
Market, 827 filx-h st. ; auction sales every W«saua»>
tay. BULL! VAX <fc DOYLK. Auctioneers. .
fI'HK EMPORIUM bALKS YARDS, 220 V A.
X lencia St., is the place to go ir you want to buy.
sell or exchange hones, bungles, wagons or hat-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
r 1.1, fcKT NEW Al>'D !3JiIX»NI>tIAMJ HAtt-
- OUI/ cess; till kinds: buggy, waeon, carts, surre7
& rocka wav: 40 cheap horses, and
HKAL.- DKIVI.NU A.miWOHK H'JKSh.O;
OU weleht 1000 to 1 700 lbs. X 62 Howard wt.
"WAGONS A>'l> CAUBIAO—.
TVTEW AND SECOND-HAND BA kTsRSV LA UN-
IX dry, milk and grocery wagons: also roclcaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
TjUbINBSH WAGON FO^SALK. 1602 MIS-
JJ sionat., F. MAiNZKK, Call.
"/I OOD . SKCOND-HAND light EXPRESS;-
VX new platform: laundry; cheap. 414 Broadway.
'■■' ' > USWUM* MACUi>JiS. ;
Tli/kinds bought, sold, exchanoea
A rented jepalred: lowest rate* 205 iourthsu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1596.
J • , TfTRSOXAL*. . :- .
TV*. SMITH'S BATHS .
i Positively Core Rheumatism and Neuralgia.
_„ „; _ PRICE $1: 6 FOR $5.
I uk~ SMITH .shAN-iTAKiuiiand Electric Baths,
101 o Buchanan street, near Geary.
0~ LD HOLD AND BILVKR BUIGHT:
watc.-.es cleaned and warranted. O. NoLTE,
j expert watchmaker, --22 o'F»rre:i st. , - •
STEADY AND HKLIABLii GERMAN BUT-
let would like to join liouest German girl or
I n .' a ," to suit in business. Address G. M., box 72.
tali office. -"■ ". • '■ ■ ' - • •
rVWiEY SELL WOOLEN AND COTTON YARN,
-X table linen, lace/ curtains, towels, hosiery, un-
dei wear, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, lin-
lugs, thread,, handkerchief*, veiun?s. etc., very
cheap at Pioneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
A DVICii .FREE; DIVORCE. LAWS A SPE-
j -»■*- cialiy: private: no chaige unless successful;
1 all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
! attended m. G. W. HOWE, alty-at-law, 850 .Market
India OPIUM CURE, a VEGETABLE in-
I J- swdient: perfect y harmless; ladles treated at
j nc/ne. B.D.KIMMISS.9I6 Market, Columbian blug
I~A L L 1 A C I A L BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
j £»- hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by j
! — ii _ Klec trolysls Co.. 226 'lurk, Leavenworth. ■
I pIG OUTDOOK STERLOP'FICON -HOW EVK- '
! ' ' ry night cor. Market and Sixth s!s.; artistic ad- :
, v^rlisements In living light: promoters of busi- j
iiess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1 140 Market st.
I CIRIC . LIGHTS IN .-EVERY ROOM:
I -V,. Winchester House. 44 Third St., 1 r. Market;
1 -00 rooms, -.'sc to $1 60 per night: .$1 50 to (6 per
I week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
] I \R- CRAIG CO., MEDICAL IN&TITUTK, '
I.V 1346 Market st-; special treatment for heart 1
i disease, the nervous system and all other diseases i
, carefully treated: consultation free. Call or write.
j VIVCIaWTHAT I DO.THE BEST HAIR-
J-'J- dressing in the city for 25c hai been amply
verified by the constantly increasing patronage;
politeness and neatness is my hobby; switches sl.
I G^X.KDfc.KKK, 111 Stockton st., nearest Geary.
! PICTURK-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x91>.,
I J- 10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and 12x16,
! aOc; 14x17, 25c: lUx^O, 30c; H«x22, 35c: 20x24,
45c: 22x28 in.. 60c. JuNKs, 547 Mission st.
DR. F. YON BULOW HAS RETURNED \
U from the country and opened office at 822 Va- 1
lencia st.
AYE YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows tilled. McCaßE'3. 870 Mission, cor. sth.
I DIVOKCK AND ANNULMENT Ol' ■ MAIT I
■ -L' riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every- ]
I where. Address loc< box F. 9j6 Market St., s. F. \
1 iJAKGAI.N IN FINK I^KESS SLITS. J. ED- j
I XJ LIN, 617 Market st., under Palace Hotel.
' E MARK THK BKsT $12 SUIT TO ORDER !
In the U.S. NEWHAU»&CO.. 116 Kearny. '
j i IBKRAL ADVANCES UN DIAMONDS, JEW- i
j Xj elry. etc.; lowest rate*. 943 Market st.
MAGNISCOPK — NKW PROJECTING MA-
Uti chine: uses theklnetoscoperilms: price $250. I
JBACIGALUPI, 946 Market st.
I>AKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE ■
. and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening :
c asses; instructors, J. H. E. Partin^ton, Gertrude '
i'artington, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine. I
ELEGANT MASQUERADE L'ObTUJIhS, AN- !
DERSON'S. 121 Stockton st.: country orders. !
CLEANED. PRESSED, *1; REI'AIKS i
dyeing done. 26Montcomery, r. 14: tel.red 2374.
j 1 OOn CARDS, $i 50. show CARDS, etc.
J-VUV Tel. Black 141. HILL; 22y Geary st.
GO TO 509 TUIKD; CHEAP PAINTING,
J" paperinc. whitening and plastering: estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.:
ffi« 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WIL-
<JPI SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
ment: flue edge put on razor for 25 cents.
Al THJj; PEOPLE'S ONK DOLLAR MEDICAL j
institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 Market a;.,
bet, slxtli ana Seventh. San Francisco, Cal. '
\\r ATCHES. DIAMOXIiS, JEWELKY OF ALL
*' kinds at reduced prices: must move: buUdiii^
j to be torn.down. 5 and 7 Third st. . .:'
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: No PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market, st.
CILOAKS. FURS AND SUITS RETAILKD AI 1 j
\J wholesale prices. ■ Factory. 20 Sansome st.
V) URNKTT'Sj CORN CURE— SURE CLltiv KOK
It corns bunions, warts: 2f>c. M 27 M'nteonierv.
UKESSiIAKEIiS. *
Ir'^SHIONABI.E EASTERN DRES3MAKKR
desire* to sow in families or at her rooms. - Ad-
drc-as MRS. AMANDA DYER, rooms 3 and 4,
1235 Market st. -
RESSKS $2 UP, WRAPPERS 50 CENTS UP,
capes $1 and up. 505% Natoma st., above
Sxtn. *
SLIT-* MADE FliOM S3 UP: SKIRTS, 76c;
capes, $1; fl guaranteed. 659 Stevenson st.
.; - „, CLAIKVOVANX.s; ■ >' ;
MeT~HJHM I D T," CLA lit V V A NT- T JCLLS
past, present and future; success to all: for-
tunes by mall; low prices. ,856 Mission st. .
MX. WALTERS OF lEHAMA; CARDS: LA-
di»s, 25c: gents, 00c. 951 Mission, nr. 6j.h.
MISS NELSON, FROM NEW YORK, CARD
reader. JZOa Eddy at., room 1. — ,
I>»S MKLVINA.CLMKV'.YANT; PICTURE
future husband or wife ; 50c. 766y 3 Howard.
ME. SYBILLit; '1 KLL.-> FKO.M. CItADLe. TO
grave: pictures giveu:ladle!i 25c: 914 O'Farrell.
e\ ON CHITA RETURNED;. ' WONDERFUL
I clairvoyant. 1 3«a Fourth St., nr. Howard, r. 4.
ME. MORKAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium In city; fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
VI ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
ill business advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
R*. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAIR~
voyant In the city. Residence 132 Turk st. "
VI ME. UANSEN, PALMIST, CAKD-READER;
i'l past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th st.. r 6.
ME. PEARL, MAGNETIC . hkaLer;
lucky palmist charms. Room 2, -.3 Post at.
ME. M ABLK WOODS, CLAIRVOYANT AND
1»» reader. 207 Tost, room 8.
ME. RAY FAIR, CARD AND MIND-READ-
er; charms. 1 1 Taylor St.. rooms 2 and 3.
ME. RaY ENNETT.CLAIRVuYA.Vr AND j
mind-reader. law Post, rs. 10 and 11, 3d floor. I
A~Tme. "leoettk-present, past and
iM future: 25c: one price.. 311 Tehama, nr. 4tU.
ME! FANNIE DAVIS, PALMIST AND
magnetic healer. Room 2, 122 Post st.
. . sl'llillLAl.ls.tl.
M~~ME~OSM A ,* PI R I T UALTKANO EM ED l-
um. returned: life readings, loya affairs, busi-
ness Investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission st. v
» RRIVED-RUBY CLEVELAND. JUG-
-.rv. netlst, cardreader and test medium. 3U9 Sut-
tcr, rooms 3 and 4.
'->'?& MCALLISTER— MRS. C. J. MEYER;
i)Zi\J test meetings every night. 10c- Tue., Kri.,
2 p. m. ; business sUtlngs:tranceclr.,'.'&c;Sat.eve $1
RS. MAYO STEERS-CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 8
O'clock; 25c: readings dally. ll'.'^iiiiks:. .
MRS. MAYO STEERS; TitANCE MEDIUM,
located 112y Oak St.; private readings, $1.
MRS. h,LLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO 8, $1;
circles Tuft*., Frl.. 2 F. m., 25c. 1824 Market St.
~\ M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATK
J\. writer. 118 Height St. : hours 9 until 9p. M.
HYPNOTISM. .
Yl^oHs^kTScTKlvTlFT^
success id. Hypnotic. Mesmeric Ins, 6 O'Farre.l
LOST.
j OST— TWO" DEEDS DRAWN IN FaVOR~OF
■I J J. 11. Q.nnn and Alice Quinn: 1 finder will be
rewarded on their return to MRS. QUINN, 965
Folsom st. - '
PASSBOOK. HJBKRNIA SAVINGS AND
J Loan Society, San Francisco: name, MARY
SEX I ON; 2091077. Return to bank. ..-..;• V
UNCH OF KKYS AROUND general P.
O. Finder return 742 Washington; reward. ..
OST— AMETHYST CHARM. Fi.LL VALUE
-1 paid if returned to 316y 2 Third st.
I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Jj savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MARY MCCARTHY, No. 160-1388.
The tinder will please return to bank. ?■■•■■
BLACK LEATHER PURSE CONTAIN-
Iug postage stamps, keys, etc. $18 coin; the
earnings of poor widow; liberal reward to Under.
Apply 413 Stockton st. ■ '.'.,,:
OST-SKYE lERkIEK DOG, WEARING
collar marked "Dick." Return to 1921 Mission
St.: receive reward. ' .
T"OST^A*PA>SBOOk WITH~Tif E HlB ERN I A
XJ Havings and 1 oan Society of San Francisco, in
'the name of FLORENCE S. COUCHMAN, No.
1,991.092. The finder will please return to bank.
OS I— THE' WAY /HOME FROM THE
J Columbia ■ Theater, one Ea tern star ' pin.
Please return to this oßlce and receive reward.
. FOUND. '
i"^X^T^Ri:LKin?LUT^-OWN XX CM^AVfi
V fame by proving property and paying expenses.
N. Z. 101 Call Office. V . : :. .
: ':'• BICYCLES. I'/.':"•1 '/. ':"•
S"^~p^cTAlT^A^G^JNT^JE^^^^E^aND^
O bana; highest grades; ; lowest prices. DAVIS
BROTH F.i ■-, Cycle Dept.. 25 Geary st. -; : v
HOTELS.
Tn<OOKLY r ilOTKi+ 2bB^2l2~ltlJsHTsTr
'ii board aid room $1 to $2 per day. *6 to $12
per r week; - choice rooms ■50 -, cents to : $1; „ suite
rooms for family $i to »1 50 per night:: first-class
service: free coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY.
PHOTOGKAPHEitS . SUPPLIES.
B~mjGT7r~Y^Tjß~cTMT?Rir?"sT'r^^
Mil at 124 Geary sL California Camera Co.
EDUCATIONAL.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGK, 24 POST-
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,;
typing, telegraphy. lanßuaces,: English branches, :
electrical engineering: '-0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. . .
PIANO TAUGnT IN SIX MONTHS; NEW,
quick method; $-' 50 per month. G., 65, Call.
TIKHL'S- SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market St.; expenses less, scholar-
ship better than elsewhere.; , teachers' preparatory
course free. : '■.'., •-..'-' ■
YRJKS 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE. 3-*
1 Montgomery st. individual instruction; la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
NGINKEItING. SCHOOL: MKCH.. ELKC.,
civil, ■ mining, ' survey, « assay, archit.. X ray
taught 1864. VAN PER NA1LL1.N.723 Mkt
MISS. JOSKFINA MEDINA WILL OPEN
111 evening classes in Spanish: Individual instruc-
tion also given; best of references. 312Octavi«u
1J OOKKEEPING THOROUGHLY IN 0 WEEKS
!•> or year's coarse free; only account ant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building. .
' ELAsCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING- '
i * Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehear* a
on >t«ge. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block. 7Ui and Mk:
I'll'AK, MANDOLIN, PiANu AKU V'UUAi.
lessons, $.', mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
1)OS»— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. .. RK-
Itmoveil to D.ono.ioe bldg.cor MarketikTaylor
HOOKKPNG. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR.
<lav & night: no elm see; $5 month. 845 Mission.
\TIGIITM.'HoOL:IiKAL.D'JSBUS.COLLKGK;i. > 4
Xl lost shorthand, English .low rates.
ROF. LOUIS MERKI; VJULIN, MANDuLIN,
guitar, cornet : reasonable. 225 Geary. nr. Powell.
I.NGI.NG; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French.German lan;uag"s:s3 mo. io9Ta.vlor.r7.
.MUSICAL INSTKUMENTS. ;
A^" GAIN WE" CALL ATTENTION TO THK
fact that we are. selling . good-toned second-
hand plnaos for «3, $4 and $5. per month; beauti-
ful new uprights, for $6, $7. $8, $9 and $10 per
month; v no cash payment required larger than the
above amounts:- all purchasers of upright planoi
from us have the privilege or exchanging same for
v Steinway any time within 3 years from dale
without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLaY «fc CO.,
representatives of Sfteinway <fe Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Su:ter sts.. Sun Francisco; also Oak-
land, Cal: Portland, Or.: Seattle, Wash.
B>OLUTKLY THE OLDr.ST A D LARGEST
house west or Chicago Is KOHLER &
CHASK'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms eisy: price* lowest:
: everything possible cone to please ami sutisiy the
customer. ■ -.•
* CTUaLLY THIS BEST BAUOAIN3 IN Pt-
'' J\- anos; Bee our list tor this week; pianos on, $<
$4, $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments: hue stool and cover with each; delivered
tree anywhere in 11. • city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert 'tuners. ■ .The F. W. SPKNCEIt CO.,
talesroohis U3S Market si., opp. Mason. ' -
HXIN BUBll"* GERTS AND KNAHE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
; uprights. $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
NEW '- ELKGANT CHASE BROS. PIANO;
1\ case slightly damaged In shipping: $200 less
than regular price. THE J. DEWING CO., 2d
: lloor. Flood building. -
PIANOS -81 ii li, RENTED, TUNEU, RE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in the city. .J.HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes st.
(Jj.-ir«r ELEGANT UPRIGHT; COST $425;
'? lii). forsale on $5 Installments. '22l Leaven-
worth St. '-. , . - . .
UEAUTIFUL OAK AND. WALNUT. HIANOS
BKAUTIFLL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
XJ just received and for sale cheap. '/,. MAU-
VAIS Music Ccmpanv, 769 Market st.
TrERY FINE TONE, USED PIANO: RuSE-
V wood case: . good ' for 20 years; at less than
half price. . Room 12, 809 MarKet st.
Yt AUNIFICKNI STKINWAY; TO BE SACRI-
■L>I need at oucc. Room 21, Flood building.
ODD MARSHALL <fc WENDELL UPRIGHT,
$100. - Bruenn Piano Hotwe.
G~ OO U . UI'KIUHT, CltEAr; BARGAIN.
MIT/. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
LEG ANT EMKRSON. Flßvl-t LASS. CON-
d.tion. at SHcrlfice. E. W.LICK.I 16 McAllister.
VI AGNIFICENTSTEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
ill schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van
\\' G. BADGEU. SOLE Ai.ENT FOR HALLET
'» .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacto.
YRON MA L V, 308 PoST ST.— s-OHMKH,
N ewby it Kvan*. Briirgs and other pianos. ;
(•Ul'KKlUl'. VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD NEW
OH. M 1.1.i: K. maker, repairer. 2 La:ham place.
DOLLAR A WKKK O.V RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. lad Ellis st.
X \VEmK-S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS—
• V 'WEEKLY CALL. In v.'raD3er. for mailing. .
• I*KOPOSALS. . ."
PROPOSALS' FOR* THE'*PLACrNU OF A
X clock in the Hall of. Jus.ica. . Office of the
Clerk or the .Board of Supervisors of the rir.r
cud County of San Francisco. December 8. 1898.
In aicordance with Reso ion No. 15,475
(Third Serie*) Of th» Board of ?uiiervisor«, sealed
pi-oposa's\vlll. b received in open ss-ssion of ti>e
Boa d of Supervisors :- on MONDAY 1 AFTER-
NOON. December 21, 1896. from : 30 to is o'clock,
to furnish a cock lor. the "Hall of Justice" build-
ing, in conformity with the following speciiica-
tioi s : J : - . .
For the furnishing of all labor and materials
necessary for the manufacture and complete set-
ling 01 a clock -in the lantern of the tower of the
"Hall of Justice," erected upon a lot of ground
! situate on the south corner of Washington
j and Kearny streets, -In this City anl County, all
I as shown on the plans and elevations of the said
lower accompanying thtse specifica'.ions. The
<osl thereof not, to exceed the sum of three
thousand dollars .
The said clock to have a dial face eight feet
and one-half in diameter, made of the heaviest
French plate glass 'in > the market; well and per-
fectly ground on both sides.
There shall be four dials, one on each side of the
said tower, facing north, sooth, east, and west- ■
Each dial glass, as above, to be set securely In
strong- iron frames, t with the outside of said
frames ornamented with a copper molding Of 18-
-ounce copper. '
The frame of the dials to be of such weight of
metal as maybe demanded ny the detail here-
after furnished by the architects. .
The face of all he dials to bs ornamented with
numerals in black, of size as demanded, and the
I hands to be also in black Iron.
The clock in Its entirety to be of the finest
workmanship and mechanigm, and to be fur-
nished with Graham's escapement, guaranteed to
maintain a variation of not more than 30 seconds
per month when regulatt-d It shall be an eieht-day,
one half and one hour striking clock, ana be pro-
vided with a bell to wel;h at least 2000 pounds,
and be ade of the purest bell-metal compo-
sition, free irom all flaws and of the very best
tone. . ■■"-■■■ •'■ •■ r - -
The machinery of the clock proper to be set
Immcdla'ely back of dials, equidistant to each,
in center of the tower, and net on strong iron
frames, connected with the frame proper of the
tower, and the bell to ba paced in the open por-
tion of the tower, immediately be.ow, as shown
herewith. ' : , ;
Everything appertaining to the clock, dials, ma-
chinery," belts, etc., to be supplied by the con-
tractor, and u'.l the work necessary to net the same,'
complete, in place, to be done by the same con-
tractor, and the clock turned over to the Hoard of
Supervisors' In - perfect running order, >. pioperly
regulated to the stipulated variations.
All the above to be guaranteed and kept, in order
by the contractor for the period of five years. ■
The above clock to be of the Seth Thomas manu-
facture, cr of a make equally as good, in the opinion
of the, Board of Supervisors. .
The above clock, complete, to be set In place
within thirty days after the completion of the
building under Contract No. 1, dated ..
The payment , for said clock, complete, to be
made In full in United States coin thlity-flve days
after the acceptance by the architect of all work
herein described. : ; : >■■■• ■■..,-■. ■.
The work of construction to be done in strict ac-
cordance with the drawings, plans and specifica-
tions, ; under ■ the ■'■ supervision - and direction of
Messrs. Shea A Shea, architects. .
'Builders will estimate and state a price for which
the entire work will be performed In | accordance
with the specifications, drawings and plans, to be
seen at the office of Shea & Shea, architects, No. 20
'Montgomery street. -;..:-' ' . • ■■
In order to preserve uniformity and to facilitate
the award the i.ourd has | resolved jto receive no
bid* unless made upon blank forms prepared by
the committee, and a certified check I for the sum
of $500 deposed by the bidder i with and made
payable to the clerk of the board, conditioned if
the proposal be accepted and the contract awarded,
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to execute
the contract and give the , require;! | bond ■ within
.six days. after, the sntd sum- shall be paid into the
City and County Treasury -by said clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect. . - > -
. Blanks furnished by the clerk. '
- Ti.e board reserves the right to reject all bids if
the public good so require.
, , JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR ; SUPPLIES FOR VETER-
aus' Home 'Association.— Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion ■at its 'office, room 13, 320 Sansome street,
ban Francisco, California, up to 10 o'clock a. m.
Saturday, December. 19, 1b96, and opened imme-
diately thereafter in the prescme. of bidders, for
furnishing and delivering quartermaster and com-
missary supplies for the Veterans' Home, Napa
County, California (railroad station, Yountville),
for the six months commencing January 1, 1£97.
and endin* June 30, 1897. Schedules, with infor-
mation and instructions for submitting bds, will
be furuis'ied upon apnllcation by the undersigned.
Bidders will carefully ■. follow -. the conditions of
i these schedules, and no bid will' be considered un-
less It is in accordance with such sch'dules. .Each
bidder must ' Accompany his ■ bid with . a certified
ch<cic upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house jror at least 10 per cent of the
amount or his bid payable to J. C. Currier, treas-
urer, conditioned that the bidder will enter Into a
good and valid contract upon notice of acceptance,
as required by law. s'l he -board reserves the right,
to reject any or all bids and to order any quantity
over or under the amount specified. - ' • : -
(■ Address J. J. i VILLE. ■ Secretary . Veterans'
Home Association, room 13, 3jO Sansome st.,
San Francisco, California.. By order of the board
of directors. . .;. • J. J. SCO VI LLE; secretary. . .
'} ': ';■' LEGAL NOTICES. '■-/.,'.'
'\TOTICE Ol? ATiMINisTKATRix SALK—
ll Full sets plumbing, tinning, cornice-making
tools of the ate George -Pabst will be sold .by his
administratrix. £04 Mission, at;, 1-' v.. Wednesday,
December 16; 1898. .^; *
:■■ CITY BEAT. ESTATE. • '.' ■ {':,
BY COMMON . • ''; *
CONSENT. ;- '; : t.*.. '; ' ' ' .'- II '
The best lots to the . city for the money.
, .. Think of it Lots for , ,
■>' I ; t $35t* TO «400' EACH, i
. faring a street that is graded, sewered and
-macadamized. Water piped to every lot.
■-'- > ' ••- $5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY ; '
are the terms. No reason in the world why
you should not own a splendid building lot,
• but : every reason why you should, -.This
property is oc the line of an electric road. 20
 . 'or 25 minutes' ride to your work. Over 125
;*' - lots have been sold. Many homes have been
- built: others now in course of construction.
« -SEP: THE CASTRO-ST. ADDITION.
Take Mission or -Valencia st. cars: transfer
at )4th st. to electric 10. a: transfer again at
30th st. and ride 5 niiiiuiesto the corner of
■ Castro '. and Cnenery : sts. - Agent on tin-
ground Sunday-. C»U at our otlice or on 12.'
M. LONG, 3207 '-"id st., cor. Mission.
Baldwin & hammond,
:10 Montgomery st. '
DO YOU KNOW - - •" - ■ ■
That, we have sold $40,000 worth of land in
the last' month in the DU>cks bounded by
btanyan, Frederick, Cole, thrader and Be y
lab sts?
DO YOU KNOW '
That, you can ret a lot in these blocks at
prices 25 per cent lower than any other lots
in the neighborhood, which is one of the best?
$1300 UPWAKIV
ON YOUR OWN TERMS. -. ; '
Had you net better see th°se lots at once?
We think you nad: call' or send for a dia-
' . gram, with prices marked.
See these lots to-day. -
Take Ualght, Kdly or Ellis st. cars.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
, 10 Montgomery st.
(£. \i\l\ devikadeko ST.. BET. pine"
»IrOUUU. and Bush: choice business block:
26:6x137:6: good 2-story buy-window of 2 flats:
8 and 10 rooms and bath each: rents $47 50;
should be changed into store.- O. D. BALDWIN &
SON, 118 Montgomery st. - .
I>UY A LOT ~~~~- *. ~~
'.;: FOR CHRISTMAS.
Sp: DOWN, $5 A MONTH!
»JS«J As a special Christmas offering we. will, for
the next 20 days, sell a few choice lots in
BOULEVARD BLOCK 722.
©X DOWN AND $5 A MONTH.
&O No interest, no taxes.
BUY NOW: ONLY 19 LOTS TO BE SOLD
and they will soon be gone; make your boy a
Christmas present of a lot and it will, be a profit-
able Investment for him. . '
rpHESE LOTS ARE POSITIVELY THE BEST
lin the city for the price. , • * .
JACOB HKYMaN, 11 Montgomery st.
(ji. q , r\ ■ 4-HOOM COTTAGE, 2 5 FLOOD
«JrO'-vf. aye.: Sunnyside Tract: $40 cash. $10
per month. THE McCAKTHY CO.. 646 Market.
«.ti,in/| WILL. BUILD. A FiKSi' - CL.ASS
tJp^ZUU 8-room 2-story dwelling: porcelain-
I lined bath-tub: tile sink; all other -c ass
I plumbing: •-' wooden mantes;. gas fixtures, etc.;
complete, ready for occupancy. $l«00 for 7-roora
Btory-and-a-half dwelling. . $3300 lor 2 flats of 6
and 6 rooms; call and examine plans and specifi-
cations, etc; Fame submitted for auy kind of
building; best of references, oonds. etc W. \V.
REDNALL, builder, 2Jtl2 Market St., bet. Thir-
I teenth and Fourteenth. ' . ■ .-, '■-
I,'OR SALE— KLIiG ANT RESIDENCE SE. COR.
X 1 Jones and Chestnut sts. : lot 50 feet on Jones st.
by 110 on Chestnut St.; splendid marine view.
Apply to MoGLVNN & MKNTO.N, real estate
agents, room 22, Chronicle building. ' :
ÜBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSKS BUILT;
$150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 149 Mission.
EW PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES—
I.N Only 2 left out of 7 of those elegant residences
situated on Gough St.. between Broadway - and
Vallejo; contain from 8 to 12 rooms and all mod-
ern conveniences: marine view and elegant sur-
roundings; terms easy; houses open for inspection.
1 lU\fi COTTAi.E 3 ROOMS IN BEK-
<3>IUUU. keley: lot 40x130: 515 monthly.
(1000— Corner 100x100; $50 down: $16 monthly
$400— Lot 40x121): $26 down: $25 monthly.
*100- Half acre hill land: $10 monthly.!
.CHAM A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery St.
f-IHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to tny address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. •
MONEY* TO LOAN. .
<2lQnn f\(\(\ TO LOAN AT 6V2 PER CKNT
{JpOVJI'.I'UU on city real estate: also Oakland,
at bank rates; undivided estates in probate: any
sum. ' SUAINWALD, BUCKBEE «fc CO., 218 and
K2O Montgomery st.
DVA.N C ES ON diamonds, watches,
jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st. ; open evenings.
* NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
J . V. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture • and pianos without removal.
Mc-COLGAN, -24 Montgomery St.. room 3. .- ff* •
Of* (\(\(\ TO LOAN on city real KF-
«.w.U\'V.f tate In sums to suit. Apply to M.
3. LEW, 11 Montgomery si. '
BWISE AND -SAVE INTEREST — MONEY
loaned on «very thing. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. .Pledges for sale cheap.
ffl.^X |irw INTRUST AT 6% UN KEAL
<£ \JU.\J yjyj tate 2d mortgage, on pianos * furni-
ture; no attorney's fee. Isaacs. 240 Montgomery.
IKECTON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays:' no commissions; low
Interest. Rm. 68. Donohm» bidg. 1170 Market s;.
<C99?\ (}(}*} AT RATES; IST AND
U.UUu 'id mortgages, estates, rents, eta;
lend as iow as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWELRY.KTC
J\ Columbia Loan A collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
"PRIVATE PAHTY LOANS OS ANY GOOD
JT security; low Interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
NY AMOUNT; LOWEST RATE; IST <t 3D
Jri. mortgage: fiat or installment. Dryden. 535 Cal.
I'AWMJItOKKKS.
IGHEST^PRICE^ PAID FOR CAST OFK
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFK
clothing. Cosmopolitan Loan Office. 49 Third.
TRUSTEES' SALES. -
HV^KKH^AI^-IirA^^dRVA^CE^WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by VIRGINIA S.
THORNBURGH CKOPPKR (formerly VIR-
GINIA S. THORNBURGH).Wife of K. D.T. CROP-
PEH, party of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees.partles
of the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third pare, dated
January 24th. 1894, and recorded in the office or the
County Recorder or the county of Fresn> , State of
California, in liber 114 of deeds, at pages 180 and
followluz, and in pursuance of a resolution passed
on the 6th day ot November, 1896, by the board
of directors of said SANFRANCISCO SAVINGS
UNION, a c irpora. ion, and the bolder of the note
(No. 12,718). to secure pavmenr of which the
aforesaid deed of trust was executed, declaring
tli t default had been made in the payment of the
principal sum and other -turns due under said
note and deed of trust, and requesting and direct-
ing said HENRY C. C'AllPhKLli and THAU-
DC US B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate
described therein to satisfy said Indebtedness. -
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 22d day of December, A. D. 1896.
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at , the auction
salesroom of Easton, Kldrldg- 1 & Co., 638 Market
street, in the City and Comity of i San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in eo.<l coin of in?
United States, the pieces or parcels of land, situate
In the county of Fresno, state of California, de-
scribed as follows, to wit: > : . .•;.■ ■■■■.-■■■
- According to the . official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
' In township fifteen (15) south, range eighteen
(18) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian: - ■
Of sections three (3) and four (4), the whole,
containing one thousand two hundred and eighty
(1280) acres of land, more or less; together with
the appurtenances. V"
TKi.Ms OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of tho
United States, 10 percent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hummer, balance on de-
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless for want
or tltie (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and th? sale to I be
void. - Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
:,;■■ HENRY C. CAMPBELL, T , u ... a ,;
■ v! THADDEUS B. KENT, / lfUBlee v.
rpHCSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDA>CK WITH
"X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by S. -WITKOW^KI
and HANNAH WITKOWSKI (his wife), parties
or the first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL aud
THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, parties of the
second part, and the BAin - FRAN CISCO AV-
OS, UNION, party of the third part, dati d
February 21st, 1890, and recorded in the office of
the .County Recorder of the county ;of niiare,
State of Caliiornia, in ' liber 7 of trust deeds, at
pages 130 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 12th day of November,
189H, by the boiirJ of directors of said . SAN
Ff.ANtJISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 9860), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of ; trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum. and other sums
due tinder said note and Deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS ii. -KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy Bald in-
debtedness. *imtty.vtfauß*iii!mtmf!M»iifaasmomA
-.. We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDECS
B. KKNT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 32d day of December. A. D. 1896,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at. the auction
salesroom of Easton,' Eldridge A Co.,' (338 Market
street, In the I City and County of San Francisco,
Slate of I California, we will sell at public I auction,
to t!ie highest I bidder, for cash I v goid coin of tee
United Mates, the piece or I parcel of land situate
in '. the county • of ;.- Tuiare, State ? of • California,* de-
scribed us follows, to wit: •.: ; .
Accord ing. to toe official - plats and . system of
surveys of the Government or the United states: ■
>C ln : township twenty-two (22) routh range twen-
ty-live (25) east, Mount Dlaolo base and meridian:
Of section eight (8) the southeast quarter (St,
.1). containing one hundred and sixty (160) acres
of . land, more or . less: ' together i with -, the appur-
tenant es. : .'T, . ;■ L. .'. ,  *
TKKMs of SALE— Cash' in god coin of the
United States:' ten per cent payable 10 the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer:' ba ance oa de-
livery of. deed; and If nut so ni-.iii. unless for want
of title (ten days ing allowed for search), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the. sale to be
void. . Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. •'"-
-; HENRY C. CAMPBELL, >~ ,,,,,
' TUADDEUS B. KENT. ' i T ™Btee». .
■ • COUNTRY KEAt, ESTATE.
JUST LOOK AT THIS BARK A 85.00 FOR
the celebrated resor: known as Ji.>]iaiinisbers.
In Napa county, of 320 acres improved In bear-
Ing resistant vineyard, orchard, redwoods and
canyons: mineral springs and lakes: hunting,
bathing ami fishing: finely improved, with main
building and cottages, stables and outbuildings:
a.l completely, furnished and equipped for bml-
nesi; will sell half interest and take, a partner;
this is it rare chance for a physician who wishes to
start a sanitar.um; this is an Income pIRC« now
and will pay larg« . interest on the investment.
Call for detailed description and photographs on
DAVID UU»H, ''country department of U. H.
UMBaEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. -' -
O 'INDUSTRIOUS MKN, EXPI<;RIEN».i!;i) IN
•— dairy, want to rent a farm with 60 to 90 head
of COWS On; must be near/Creamery or with neces-
aury improvements for butter-ma King .: L. \V., 43
Jessie st..- San Francisco, Cal.
T AUCTION.ON PRKMIJSKS. AT 1 1 O'CLOCK,
J\. Saturday, December 12. 1896. 10 65- 100 acres
fall-bearing orchard and fine building. improve-
ments; also 17 29-100 acres full- beai lng orcnard
adjoining; Known as W. R. Cole place. on horse-
car line between Centerville and Newark, Alameda
County; splendid income property: terms to suit.
KM) FOR ILLUSTKATr.D PAMPHLET OK
California lands for sale by . H. FRANCIS,
rooms (39-71 Chronicle building, San Franclsco.Cal.
OB SALE OR EXCHANGE— HOMES AND
1 vineyards in Sonoma County. R. ILL, Wind-
sor, Cal. ■
a"ri^' CO.; 3000 acres: 26 miles irom city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit; 40 to $75 per acre; ieri>n to
suit. SYNDICATE INV'T CO.. 63 Chronicle bldg.
• * LAMKDA LAND CO.UPANY JS &KLLING
A- the cheapest fruit, -vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda county in small tracts; 1
Hullo from PU'asnnton, IV2 hours from San Fran-
cisco; price 220 to $40 per acre: ball cash; owner
must sell; title lerieci. investigate. 17 Chroni-
cle building. ._-.:.' ■■-■-..
I ITTLE HOMKS, CLUMK Til 'i'uW.N. lit-
JIJ proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. V. H. TWING, Sououk*
City: every Monday at B3? Market *>.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oO» BROADWAY.
. ;.; OAKLAND) KEAL KSXATE.
"uj'l CA LOTVNEAR THK ALTENIikiM IN
tip » O\J . Frultvale; electric cars; only 21. down
and $1 a week ; selling fast: pood improvements.
H. B.PINNEY, owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
(5j7?.T0 $180 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
(]D • O lots in me town- of Fltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and Man Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
tiv minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
MRS. C. M. . RUNKLE, 916y 3 Washington su,
Oakland, Cal.
LOR RENT,. BALK. OR - EXCHANGE— aO
V acres full-bearing peach orchard at Loomis,
Piacer County: over 3000 trees: immediate pos-
session given. f. CALDh-RWOOD, 3^6 San
Pablo aye.; Oakland.
ffijrr^. LOTS A.ND UPWARD; BUY NOW
(JJIy when you can: but few lots left in tho
Allendale tract, situate in Frultvale, adjoining
Fast Oakland; this is the only choice property
now being offered In this Mate at such low prices;
near a tine school: two electric roads near by and
one will shortly go t.irougn this tract; grand
view: rare site for a home; drainage perfect:'
street 'all graded; some macadamized: homes
now here and others being built; terms, f5 cash,
if 6 . monthly. 468 .Ninth ac. Oakland. H. Z.
JONKK. owner. .f'-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AtAHKDA KKAL ESTATE.
qO^fTHAXlisokK NKW
tJpO^-«JV/. 7 rooms: latost design; choice cor-
ner lot. 60x100; easy terms.
92400— 550 cash, $26 monthly; cottage 5 rooms
and bath: lot 50x125; close to station.
$2600— 5.00 cash: elegant new colonial cottage;
6 rooms, reception-hall aid bath.
1 MARCUSE & REMMEL,'
Bay -street station (broad gauge), Alameda; 628
Market st., San Francisco. Office open Sundays
and holidays.
ALA3IEDA BOOMS AND .HOUSES..
"T^LAlina^A^FirK"!^?^
-tx. party, cheap, furnished new cottage: six large
rooms, bath; tine basement: healthiest part, of city.
444 Central aye., bee. Fourth and Fifth sts.] bec-
ond-ave. station. -" . '
BEKKELEtr REAL ESTATE.
© 1 7P,H TIiE BARGAIN OF THE SEASON
«JP 1 I «JU. —House of 6 rooms; large lot; stable,
chicken-house; stree: work done; near station.
JO-iPH .T. MASON. Berkeley Station. |
, I'ltUl'l-.KTV IO KXCHANUK. -
T~O~EXCIfX2t GK^N YnK^KOOM~IIOUS E~F J R
twelve-room house: difference in cash; both
Western Addition: builders invited to make offers.
Address H. M. SCHOLL, P. O. Station X
"DOOMING - HOUSES. RESIDENCE P OP-
XV erty, lots and ranches 10 exchai ge. UNDER-
WOOD & CO., 765 Market st. :
LJEAD rUK OUR LIST OF ORCHARD MOMJS;>
iJ for gale. W(JOSTKP. & WHITTON. San Jose.
'piMBKR-I^Bo ACittS; KIiKN CO.: PLENTY
J water; excellent stock ranch*. N.. box 16. Cal'.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW. .
O lected; estates p.obated: deeds, wills, contracts
drawn: advice free. J. G. JEFFREYS, law oiiice,
632 Market St., room 23.
* DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
alty; private: no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds; etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, ati'y-at-law. 850 Market.
W. KINO. CHRONICLE .BLDG; CONSUL-
. tation free: probate: all cases: fees low.
DVICFFREK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
oessful. W. W. DAVIDSON.- 927 Markets-
LIILTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
', BORN.
HAMPEL— In this city. December. 10, 1898, to
the wife of August Ham pel, a son.
HANSEN— In this oltv, December 9. 1896, to the
wife of C. R. : Hansen, a son.
REUSSING— In this cltv. December 7, 1896. to
the *lie o Carl Reuss'.ng, a daughter.
MAKKIED.
-HERON— In this city, December 9.
1893. by the Rev. Dr K. R. Dille. George M.
Downs and Agnes L. Heron, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DAGGETT— McCLOUD— In this city. December
9. 1898, at the residence .of the bride, oy the
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille,' George A. Daggett and
LUlle G. McCloud, both of San Francisco.
FLOURNOY— GANSNER-In this cltv, Decem-
ber 9, 1 S9tf. by the • Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.,
Harley C. Flournoyand Flora C. Gananer, both
of Q'.iliicy, Pumas County, Cal.
GRAN GER-ZUM WALT— in Walsonvllle. E. E.
Granger of I'etaluma and Maggie Zum wall of
: W asonvi.le. - .
GRAY — KEOGH— In this city, December 3, 1831.
by the Rev. Father McDonald, Luke Gray and
-Mary A. Keogb. both of San Francisco.
WILLIAMS— COX— In Ban 'Ramons December B.
• 18V8, a. : the r residence of '. the bride* parents,
-by the Rev. Charles McKelvey, assisted by the
Rev. E. J. Wilson, George B. . Williams of Fal-
" lon, Nev., and Je-isle Cox. ' ■ "■•■.-
DIED. '
Asher. Eva McGinn, Charles E.
Actermau.SUmnndH. Maas. Lena M.
Auzerais. Edward L. Magler, Robert '
Beatty. Robert M. . Magee, Lizzie
Brassed Johanna Meeley. John
Crosby, Bridget Mulligan. Margaret
' Craven, Maggie Nicolav'sen, Jens
Coveney, Elizabeth .. Petersen. Ni^U
Fehnemann, Minna ' '.Rico, Catherine
Follis. Fred-Tick F. . Romber.j. William
' I more. James B. Rodgers, George N.
' (iargan, Murty : dodgers, John
•' Greyer, Herman G. : Roseuaulst, Mrs. A. A.
' Hughes. Frank J. . !-chmi<ar, Andrew
JlasHus. B. 11. . Sttoal, Fred '
' Jepson. Peter P. '; Staacue. Ado ph
Johnson, Katherine .: Shreve, Oeor<o W.
! Kramer, Lotus F. ■". Tieroll, Augustus
Langtryi'Jolin F. ' " Thompson, Florence G.
Moore, Henrietta ■: Wolf, Mary H.
ASHER— In Rtrehlen, Silesia, -November 16.
1898, Eva Asher. aged 69 years and 4 months.
ACKEBM AN— ln Oakland, Slgmond H. beloved
son of Hart and Kmma , Ackerman, a native of
:' san Francisco, aged Hi years B months and 17
days. (New York and Chica;o papers please
■ copy.] . : , i .■'■■• .-..■"
Notice of funeral hereafter. -
AVZr.KAIS- In San Jose, December . 10. 1896,
Edward L Anz-r:i:s, beloved husband of Leon-
ide Fiery, aged 38 years 9 moutiisaal 8 days.
ayTbe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock 'A. m. , irom St. Pat-
. rick's Church, £au Jose.
BEATTY —In Carson City, December. 10, 1896,
Robert M. £catty; brother of Mrs. M. E. Btovail
'• and Will J. Beatty, aged 46 years.
BRABSELL-In this ci:y. December 10. ]«<9l
. Johanna UMssp.ll, beloved mother of Mrs. Kate
McDonald, and cou«in ,of William and James
. ; Do an, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged '
1' 65 wars." >. '■■ -. ....-- : . ■-,-.- : .■ : . /
MTFriends and acaualntaocei are reiDest-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at .9 :80 o'clock a. v.. from the
residence of her son-in-law. Michael McDonald,
30 Welsh street, between Zop and Fourth
Br annan and - Bryant; • thence .to 8. Rose's
-Church for services, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m. : interment Holy Cros) Cemetery.
CROSBY — In this city. Dec-mber 10, 1816.
. Bridget, belovel wife of Patrick K. Crosby, and
■-■: mother of Katie, hose. Margaret and ; Patrick J.
' Crosby and Mrs. L. a 1 airchi:d, a native of
■■ ; County hoscommon, Ireland. *
CRAVEN— In Ocean View, December . 10,1898,
.-■" Maggie.' belove 1 daughter of William and Jane
'Craven, and sister of Peter, John, and ,Kd ward
Craven and Mrs. P. Knapp a«d Mrs. J. Maisch,
' a native of Sau Francuco. c " ■ r .
&£Tl:'ricudi anl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her law
residence, Sadowa street, ''Octsan View, thence .0
St. Michael's Church for services at 2 o'clock p.m
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COVENEY— In Martinez, December 9, 1891.
Ellzabetn Coveney, a native 01 Ireland, aged 52
.'years. ;'. * \
FEHNEMANN— In this city, December 9. 1893.
- Minna Fehnemann. mother of the late John
Fehnemann and B. ana Charles a. Kehnemaun.
a native of Pyrmont- Waldeck, Prussia, aged 71
years 4 months and 12 days.
$oT Friends are wmuttuWy lnvtred to »'.t»nt
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), <»!;
1 o'clock p. * al ner,la.<3 residence, 2'JOl Lai-
kin street. ; lnturmens Masonic Cemetery/ 1 " •
FOLLIS-ln this cltv. December 10, 1H93. Fred-
trice FJojdIF beloved sou of Hi chard 11. and the
Ui<j Anna Folliu. .'a native of Sau Francisco,
a^ed 26 years 5 months and 11 days. [New
York and Baltimore naiNm please copy.]
interment private. Please omit flowers.
GILMORE— In this city. December 9. 1893, James
B. Gil more, a native of Sa a Francisco, aged 5
years and 6 months.
GAR<;AN-In lia'.fmoon Bay, December 8, 1898,
Murty Gargan, a- native ; of Ireland, «gei Tl
years.
GRKVER— In this ci.v. December. B, 1898, Her-
man Gernurd Greyer, a native of GTosj Ror-
scharder, Lastrup. Oldenburg, Germaay, a^ei
40 years. I
jO-Friends and acquaintance* are respect
fully invited (0 attend the funeral THIS 1) V V
(Friday), at 7:..0 o'clock a- m., from the par*
lors of Gantner A- Guntz, H and 10 City Hall
square, th>*:ice i<i Si. Boniface sJnurco, Golden
Gate avenue, between Jones and Leaven worth
atreats, where a requiem bleb mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of his soul, commencing
at Bo'clouz a. m. liiLt-rmi-u. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HUGHKS-In this city. December 7, 1893, Frank
J. Hughes, a native of &au rraucisco, a;«.-a i)tf
years.
HASKINS— In this city, December 7, 1833, B. H.
Hawkins, a native of Tennessee, a^ed b i years.
JEPSON— In San Rafael, I'eter Peterson Jepsm,
a nat r» •>( No r»a- ,aged 35 years and 3 months.
&t>~ Friends are invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Friday), at v: o'clock p. m.. from
I. O. O. F. Hall. Fourth an 1 D strew s San Ra-
fael. Interment Mount Tamalpals Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, December 9, IH3I.
Katberine Johnson, a native of Ireland, aged 41
years.
KRAMER— In this city. December 9, 1891. Louis
F. Kramer, a native of Germany, aged 50 yean*
LANOiIiV- In Oakland. D' ceniber 10. 1896.
. John Frederick, infant son of John H. and
Lizzie Lang try, a native of Oakland, ag<ad 1 year
■ and 5 days. ■ ■
£3~ Friend 3. ana acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY',
December 13, at 10 o'clock- a. m., irom the resi-
dence of the parents. 707 Filbert strues. in.er-
meut St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
MOORE— In this city. ember 9, 1898, Henri-
' etta Moore, a native 01 ban Francisco, a;ed 31
years.
McGINN— this city, December 10. 1896.
diaries E. McGinn, a native of lllinoU, azea 3 S
y ears. A member of Mars Lodge No. -02, K.
of P.
ft#"Noticeof funeral hereafter. :.'. :^,'-
MAAS— In this city, December 10. 1896, Lena
.»!.. beloved wife of Philip J. Jiaas. aged 28
'■ ye a s 3 months and 8 days.
JBc«"Notice or funeral hereafter ' ■ '■'
MAGLEH— In this city, December 6. 1893, Rob-
- crt Magler, a native or Germany, aged 75 yean.
MAGEE— In this city. Decdmb.r 8, 1836. Liiz.e.
. beloved wife of Marshall jia<^e, mother of
George M. Ma;ee, daughter of James and Ellen
McDermo:t. am sister of Benjamin. 'Henry,
Thomas, Joseph, Mam c and the late Ellen Me-
Dermoa, a native of Providence, R. 1., aged 24
yean 8 months and 25 days. .
£3"Fn<'uili and xcquaintartc^t are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from her late
residence, 29 Riled street, off Fol-tom, thence to
St. PatricK s Church for services, commencing
' at 2 o'clock p. v. In ternieu; ALoum Calvary
Cemetery.
MEELEY— In thW el'v, December 10. 1838,
John, belov«1 husband of -Mary Meeley. and
father of Maggie, John. Daniel, Edward, James,
Mary aid Joseph Medley, it native of Yohol,
' County Cork, Ireland, aged 55 years.
£9"Friendj ana acaualntanuM an» rpspec'y
fully Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
December 13, at 8 o'clock a.m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1O8.» Tennessee a>.raa'.; thence to SU
Theresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated ' for the repoio of
- his soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock a. it Inter-
ment Holy Cross < emetery. ";, V.
MULLIGAN— In this city. December 10, 1*96,
Margaret Mulligan, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
N ICOLAYPEN— In this city, December 9. 1890,
Jens Nicola) sen, a native of Denmark, aged 65
years 5 months and 3 flays. A member o. Har-
mony lodge No. 9 A. O. U. W., Scandinavian
Society ana Liuco.n Post. G. A. R.
Bt3~ Friends and :iironalntnnc«n ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY.
December -13. at a o'ciock p.m., from.hu par-
lors of 11. F. Suhr & Co.. 120j» Missio 1 street
nea.- i-.ighih. .Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— To the Offloeai and members of
Harmony Lodge Na 9. A. O. C W. : You are
respectfully reqoes ed to attend the above-
. na.uei «uu%r»; of .Brother J. Nico.avsen from
t.ie parlon orH. F. Sunr & Co., 1-09 Mission
street, near Kigu h. ■ ■■ '-
" R. W. ENGLISH, M. W. ,
L. Johsbks, Recordt-r.
PETEKSEN— In this city. December 9. 189.
Niels Petenen, nnativt»o.' nark, aged 38
years. Member of the Danish Brotherhood No.
-S3 of Tacoma, Wash. ITacoma papen pieasa
copy. I •-: ■"--■_.
JO"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
: (Friday), at 2:30 o'clock p.m.. from Washing-
ton Hall. 33 Edd/ street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspice* or the Danish
Bro:herhooJ, Golden Gate Lodge No. 4«. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. P. Peterson & Co.,
V2B McAllister street. Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
RICO- In this city. December 9. 1896. Catherine
Rico, beloved mother of Henry Rio. a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 83 years and 6
months. -
BGF Friends and acquaintance »r» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9: BO o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy & t.ailagher, 20 Fifth street,
- thence to M Joseph's , Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROMBERG— In th city. December 9.1838, Wil-
liam 1 Rom berg, beloved husband of Theresa
Rnmberg, a native or Westphalia, Prussia, aged
54 .ear* 8 months and 3 days.
JJ3T Friends Jind acquaintances are respect-
fully invited Ib attend th« funeral THIS DAY
: (Friday), at 2 1 o'clock p. M.. from 'his late resi-
dence, 700 Mason street.
A. O. U. W.— Harmony Lodce No. 9, A. O. U. W.
Officers and members: You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the luneral of our late brother, W.
nomberg, THIS DAY (Friday), at 2 o'clocc
>. M-, from 700 Mason street. • • -
R. W. ENGLISH, M. W.
L. Johnsen, Recorder.
RODGERs— In this city. December 10, 1896.
Joan, beloved husband of the late Sarah
Rodgers. and father of John Will. Annie,
James and Joe Rodgers and Mrs. E. T. O'Con-
nor and Mrs. T. J. Fay. a native of County Ty-
rona, Ireland, aged 6,i years. [Martinez, New
Orleans, New York and Brooklyn papers olease
copy.]
Friends and acquaintance* are respect.
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
aeuce of tils daugnter. M*s. E. T. O'Connor.
2709 Missloi stree:, thence to St. James
churc:i, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of nls soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
' vary Cemetery. . ' • .
RODGERS— In this city, December 10. 1896,
George N. Rodgers, a native of England, aged
44 year 1.
ROSENQUIST— In this city, December 10, 1896.
Mrs. Augusta Alfreda Roseuqnist,beloved wife of
John August ltosenqulst, aud mother of mi.
George, Annie mid Agues Hosenquist and sister
of Mrs. Larsson, a native of Sweden, aged 48
years 9 months and 24 days.
SCHMISAR— In this city, December : 10, 1893,
Andrew ' Schmisar, a native of Germany, age!
6 6 years. ....
STROHL-In this cUv. ■ December 10, IBr*. .Fred
Strohi. beloved son of Godirey ' and Salome
Strohl, aud brother of Lou 8, George, Kddlt-,
Amelia and ; Madeline Mrohi. and nephew of
Jacob Strohl, a native of Sun Francisco, ageJ 26
year* 3 months and IS days. ■ . .
.Friend i and ncanatntances • «r» re^nv;-,
fnl'.y invited to attend the funeral TO- MO it RD W
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 718 Greeu ttreeu Interment 1. .O. i.
cemetery. -
STAACKE— In San Miguel, December 7. 1893.
Adolpn, dearly beloved husband ot Barbara
Mat cue, and brother 01 George Staacke, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany. , aged 67 years 10
months and '£ 7 days.' A member of Germaaia
.- Lodge Na 1718. K. of H.
Friend* and - acquaintance* »r» respsc-
fnliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
; (Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Missiou stre9;.
near/Eighth. Interment Cypresi Laivn Ceme-
. tery. - .
SHRKVE— In this city. December 10, 189 1
Georze W.. brother of B. F. Shreve. a native or
. Brown County, Ohio, aged 76 years and 16 days.
TIEROFF— In this city, December 10, 1893, A us-
ustus, . beloved husoand of Maria Tl^roff, an I
father of Mrs. Pauline Eowen and Laura 1 iervff
a native of Germany, aged 73 year* 8 months
and 4 days.'ipQggßSt
THOMPSON— in this city, December 10. 1893.
. Florence Grace, beloved daughter of Frank J.
and Annie Thompson, a native of San Francisco,
. aged 'i years 7 month* and 29 days. ,
WOLF— la this city. December 10. 1896, Mary
H. WoK a native of San Francisco, aged •25
- year* and 4 months. " ' ' .
' McAVOY & GALLAGHER, - I
FIINKRAL DIBKCTORS * EMBALM
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
;>>;»'.- Telephone 3080. ■ '
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNKR.
QANTNER & QUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and ■ Embaliners.
8 and IO CITY HAM. SQUAEE. •
Telephone South 432. X. . " : - ' ■ '
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN mateo ' COUNTY: NEAREST ceiiw.
tery. to the city ; non-sectarian ; In uoseaaaei>
elusive; location unexcelled Olttc* W7 Mai*o
•Utew tut asi comer »' hum*
1314
DIPH THERIA SAID
TO BE EPIDEMIC
The Health Officer Declares
That Such Is the
Case.
Blames the Public Schools for
the Bad State of
Affairs.
Thirty-one Cases and S^ven Deaths
Reported Dunn; the Past
Ten Days.
Health Officer Lovelnce declared yester
day that diphtheria is epidemic in this
City, and practically admitted that tbe
Health Department is unable to cope with
the spread ot the disease.
It has been apparent for some time past
that the disease was eaining ground, but
this is the tirst information from an olli
cial source that the Health Department
considers it s,o.
"It could be checked," said the Health
Officer, 'if the public schools were closed,
but I don't think it advisable to take any
buch extreme measures yet. Besides, Ido
not think the Board of Education would
comply with the orders of the Health De
partment. When the disease was confined
to the Mission we ordered a few schools in
that district closed. If that order had
been complied with the danger would
probably now be over. The School
Directors ssw fit to question the authority
of the board, and now the disease is de
veloping in all parts of the City."
That there is good ground for the Health
Officer's statement that the disease is epi
demic is shown by the records of the
Health Oilice. During Nuvember there
were thirty-nine cases reported, with six
deaths, while during the ten days of this
month that have elapsed thirty-one case 9
have been reported, with seven deaths.
Dr. Lovelace seems to think that the clos
ing of the schools would have checked the
epidemic, but he does not explain how the
disease jumped to localities remote from
the schools, while in their immediate vi
cinity the number of cases reported does
not increase to any great extent.
But two cases wpre reported yesterday,
one being at 153 Kisling street and the
other at 003 Shrader street.
To-aay the sterilized swab? which the
Board of Health requires all physicians to
use where suspected cases of diphtheria
are found will be distributed, ana cowl
results are expected. The swabs will be
turned in to the bacteriologist of the
board and the nature of the case be deter
mined without the s-hadow of a doubt. By
this means the exact number of cases and
the severity oT the same will be known.
Extra precautions are bein? taken to
fumigate and quarantine all cases, and it
is hoped by this means to hold the disease
in chuck until a change in the weather
conies to the aid of the authorities.
ITS LAST MEETING.
The Present Republican Cchinty Com
mittee Holds a Short Session De-
voted to Routine Business.
The last meeting of the present Repub
lican County Committee, or Derhaps the
Jast meeting but one, was held last event
ing at Sbiels Hall on O'Farrell street.
A report of the finance committee was
presented as prepared by Grove P. Ayars,
although he was not present. It was read
by the secretary. It footed up the re
ceipts at $6493 50, the expenditures at
?tJ4i!4 30, the amount on hand b«ing $29 11.
The sources of tbo receipts were given
in detail, the larzest subscriptions oeing
two from the State Central Committee of
$1000 each. The Republican convention
was credited with $7oO; J. N. Chretien
collected ?730 50.
There was some discussion about the
propriety of this committee tilling the va
cancy caused by the death of Daniel
Crowley. It was decided as scarcely the
proper thing in view of the fact that the
new coramittte was so soon to take the
place of the present one. Jesse Marks
paid a tribute to the character and good
works of the deceased member. Chair
man Manwarine seconded the expressed
sentiment and the committee adjourned.
Held for Robbery.
J. A. Jensen, alias Nelson, was yesterday
held by Judge Joachimsen to answer before
trie Superior Court on a charge of robbery in
$5000 bonds. He met A. B. Holmes, a farmer
from Santa Clara County, on the night oi Sep
tember 25 in a Kearny-streel saloon and in
duced him to go with him to a house on Minna
street, where he a\.d a companion robbed
Holmes of $50 and a gold watch and chain.
Chaired With Battery.
Martin Clcarv, ex-lmted State 1 ? Customs
WEW TO-DAT.
—^yjV . Look at the people you
• V*-»pass on the street. Their
f^^gm^Py faces tell the story of their
L lives. They tell the story
Ufcff^T-t t of penury or plenty, of re-
J^^ finement or coarseness, of
m»k *^j health or disease.
flWn^S""^ Three - fourths of these
people are not "exactly
twell." They are not all
£*: " sick," perhaps, but many
<JS s*o of them are, and few are
CT-» -ZvJ quite hale and hearty.
ySC?^ Consumption has set its
jpy stamp of pallor and ema-
ciation on many of them.
Dyspepsia has. drawn lines
of fretfulness and worry
i^L A about their eyes, and
|EP^Sk/ mouths. Impure blood is
t*. *9JIL showing itself in blotches
_V«. j*»y and pimples. One man
*~<rl>fflDL has ' a little trouble " with
JrjP^N his kidneys. Some of the
JTf women have chronic con-
stipation, and the other ills
-/aSSBk that constipation brinps.
tipOHlHg^ The most pitiful of all
Ta/~. if faces is the consumptive
tstipation, and other ills
that constipation brings.
The most pitiful of all
faces is the consumptive
one. Very likely it has
yC .jr been through the other
yV-^HL stages and has at previous
JKrOewV times shown dyspepsia,
j&iirj!£2, sallowness and bad blood.
Aimm Consumption doesn't come
Qm^S all at once. It is a creep-
yjigEga ing disease. It comes on
{fjp*pss>^ gradually under cover of a
dy^^TTS" hundred differing symp-
VcfS **Jf toms. It is the most
T »'•?«• dreadful of all diseases,
jfc^yJ but it can be cured if you
JggglJEll!* begin in time. Dr. Pierces
■^Jgpplgg^ Golden Medical Discovery
will cure it. It will cure
all the things that lead to
consumption. It :is not
guaranteed to cure con-
sumption of long standing.
There is a stage ■at which
consumption is incurable.
If you will send six cts.
§to cover postage, with this
notice, we will send free a
large book (160 pages) that
tells- exactly what Golden
Medical Discovery will do
V«i' — what it has done in hun-
dreds of cases. World's
#B^>^.^Blf Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Buffalo, N. Y.
Inspector, and E. Buckley, a bartender in a
snloon at the comer oi Clay street and Wav
erly place, were arrested early yesterday
morning on a charge oi battery. Buckley had
a row with a Chinese named Ding Ting and
blows were struck. Cleary took a hand in
the right and he and Buckley were arrested.
They appeared in Judge Campbell's court yes
terday morning and their cases were con
tinued till Tuesday.
THE O'MALLEY FIGHT.
Patrick Is Held for Assault Wiih a
Deadly Weapon and His Wife
Convicted of Battery.
Patrick O'Malley was arrested on No
vember 1 for .assault to murder, and it was
only yesterday that his preliminary ex
amination was concluded in Judge Low's
court and he was neld to answer before the
Superior Court in $1000 bonds, the charge
being reduced to assault with a deadly
weapon.
On November 1 there was a row between
the O'Malleys and the Maguires, who are
neighbors on Clementina street. Police
men Greenan and McNamara were sent to
quell the disturbance and arrest I'atrick
O'Malley. When they got to the house
all the doors were locked. They tried to
force open the front door, but failed.
O'Malley opened a window, and, thrusting
Uis head out, deiied the police.
Greenan jumped for the window before
O'Malley could close it, and got his head
through" which was unfortunate for him,
as O'Malley hit him on the head with an
iron hod-handle, inflicting an ugly wound
in his scalp. The policeman got mad and
broke open the front door. A free fight
folio wed, in which Mrs. O'Malley used a
broom-handle with telling effect upon the
otlicers. Finally O'Malley was overoow
ereil and arrested.
Mrs. O'Mailey got off with a conviction
for battery, ana the Judge allowed her to
go for thirty days on her own recogniz
an :e.
DEATH OF FRED F. FOLLIS,
The Young National Guard Officer Suc
cumbed to Pneumonia, Follow
ing a Surgical Operation.
Lieutenant-Colonel Fred F. Follis, a
well-known oflicer of the National Guard,
who was recently promoted to a position
on the staff of Major-General James, died
in this City yesterday morning. He was
attacked with appendicitis two weeks aj;o
and the doctors decided that a surgical
operation was the only hope of saving his
life. Alter the operation the patient ral
lied, but was not able to resist complica
tions of pneumonia which intervened a
few days ago.
Colonel Follis was a promising young
man of character, intelligence and good
business attainments. He was popuiar in
society and had a wide circle oi friends in
the City. He was a member of the Bo
hemian Club, having been elected in 1891.
His service in tne National Guard beean
before the State troops were organized,
when the Second Artillery was a promi
nent organization. He belonged to that
regiment nnd gained recognition for ex
cellent demeanor. Colonel Follis was
born in tnis City and was 20 years of ace.
The funeral will take place from the
family residence at Washington and Bu
chanan streets to-morrow.
WAS ALMOST A TRAGEDY
The Isson Family Want
George Stierien's
Blcod.
An Exciting Sc m Enacted in tbe
Appraisers' Building Yester
day.
George Stierlen pleaded gnilty to send
ing obscene and vulear letters through
the mail and United States District Judge
Morrow fined him $500 for the offense yes
terday. As the man was being removed
from the courtroom by Deputy United
States Marshal Moncton a scene toot
place that caused all present to believe
that a tragedy was about to occur.
Mrs. Steirlen, divorced wife of the con
fessed culprit, hastily lett the courtroom
with her two brothers, Albert and I. Isson,
and attempted to intercept the prisoner
before he reached the door of the rcom of
the District Court clerk. Attorney Eisner,
Marshal Barry Baldwin and Deputy Monc
ton hurried Stierlen through tl:e door and
pushed the woman back. She became vio
lent, and Marshal Baldwin threatened to
eject her from the building. Meanwhile
the two Istons were pacing the hall like
caged tigers and the situation looked
serious.
Stierien's attorney stated to Mr. Bald
win that Alfred Isson nad threatened to
carve his heart out. and it looked as
though most anything might happen.
The door was locked to prevent the trio
from seeing Stierlen or his attorney. Mar
shal Baldwin went into the hall, and to
make sure that there would be no blood
shed he searched Alfred Isson for weapons.
After much excitable conversation the
Issons and their sister were induced to
enter the Marsnal's office, and as Stierlen
had paid his tine lie escnped in a back
from the Appraiser's building and his
avenging ex-re. atives.
From the attorneys and Federal officials
the story of the trouble was learned, a
story of illicit love, a tragic death, betray
ing letters, attempts at blackmail and
final retribution. In the first place, Stier
len is a man of some means. He married
the Icons' sister, a dark-complexioned
Mexican woman. Alfred Isson lived in
Mexico, and a year or two ago his wife
came to this City. She met Stierlen and
both forgot their marriage vows, and
when absent their letters to each other
were a mixture of pathetic adoration and
shocking vileness. Isson heard of what
was going on, and sent for his wife to re
turn to Mexico. Slie started upon the ill
fated steamer Coliraa that overturned
down the coast, and the woman's earthly
vojage was ended. Her husband re
covered the guilty wife's trunks and found
those teiJ-taie letters.
His first move was to visit San Fran
cisco and sue Siierlen for $50,000 damages
for alienating his wife's affections, but the
jury in Judge Sanderson's court decided
against his claim for damages.
Stierlen went to Fargo, S. D., where he
got a divorce from his wife. Meanwhile
the Issons and Mrs. Stierlen sought ihe
Federal authorities, and the Grand Jury
indicted Stierlen for sending obscene let
ter* through the mails.
When the fine was fixed yesterday Mrs.
Stierlen and her brothers became furious
and loudly condemned the District At
torney, the Judge and Stierien's legal ad
viser. Alfred Isson threatened to take
Stierien's life. Should Stierlen and the
Issons meet it is likely that there will be
another chapter to add to the story.
Buah-Street Theater to Reopen.
Messrs. Hilton <fc Co. will reopen the Bush
street Theater on Monday, December 21, as a
popular-priced family house under the direc
tion of Ed Ambrose, a reliable and experienced
theatrical roanaenr who baa been connected
with various amusement enterprises in Ban
Francisco for tne pa*t twenty yeers. The pol
icy of this house will te to give only flrst
class entertainments and at popular prices.
TheopeDing attraction will be the engage
ment oi Miss Kate Furssell In her own play
entitled '-The Pride of the Plains," supported
by a carefully selected company. The prices
will be 10. SO and 30 cent*.
Tbe 'lhistleton Libel.
Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke called at the City
Prison yesterday, morning and told Captain
Robinson he wanted to be booked on a charge
of criminal libel, as he understood there was a
warrant out lor his arrest. The charge was
booked and Judge Campbell immediately re
leased him on *if own recojrntz&nce. The
codplaifliDg witneis ia George Thinleion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1896.
RIVAL QUEENS IN
CHARITY'S NAME
The Elves, Fairies, Goblins
and Huntsmen to
Appear Again.
New Dances and Situations in
Scenes of Sylvan En
chantment
Spectacle to B2 Produced at the Cali
fornia Theater by the Woman's
Exchange of Alameda,
"The Rival Queens," a fairy spectacle of
beauty and merit, which ha 3 never been
given otherwise than for charity, will be
reproduced at the California Theater De
cember 12. The representation will be
under the direction of the Woman's Ex
change and Relief Society of Alameda. So
attractive was the former representation
that many who neglected to attend solici
ted a repetition of the spectacle.
The managers of the exchange have
again assembled the famous troop of
fairies, goblins, elves and huntsmen in the
following of the two rival queens — Itoie of
of the Fairies and Nightshade of the Gob
lins.
This representation will positively be
the last, as the little ones of the troup are
outgrowing the fairy environment. The
entertainment will surpass in beauty and
enchantment all previous efforts. There
will be new music by Mr. McCurrie, the
original composer, and many new dances
under the direction of Professor W. W.
Chapman, as follows:
Fairy dances: Tarantclle— Marjorle Arnold,
Mabel Clark, Jennie Belden, Maudie Fischer;
fan dance, Jennie Belden; lovers' frolic—Ed
ward A. yon Schmidt Jr., Marion Hovey; fairy
ballet— Haz-1 Journal. Mildred Trlpp, Sybil
Tripp, Mar, on Hovey, Jennie Belden, Aiexine
Mitchell, Maudie Fischer; ribbon fantastique,
Emily Ross.
Goblin dances: Skirt dance, Emma Meser
ole; Cracovienne — Ida Maloon, Merle Francis;
Spanish tambourine danee — Hazel Journal,
Cora Rogers; Hungarian dauce, M Regie Bas
seti; serpentine danee — Ida Maloon, Merle
Francis.
Seats may be obtained at Sherman &
Clay's, and the management promises an
enjoyable half-holiday to all who may
attend. .
CLUB LADIES BREAKFAST.
An Elaborate Affair at the Palace Hotel,
at Which Many Interesting
Toasts Were Given.
An elaborate breakfast was given yester
day at the Palace Hotel by Mrs. I. Lowen
berg to about 200 ladies of the City, mem
bers of fie leading social and literary
clubs. The breakfast took place in the
Marble room. It had been exquisitely
decorated with flowers and laurel.
Mrs. Lowenberg made a felicitous ad
dress of welcome, which put all the guests
in good humor. The Hungarian band
played. Airs. G. W. Haight acted as toast
mistress. There were ten toasts in all,
and they were found nnnsually interesting.
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall, president of the
Century Club, replied to the toast, "The
Past," in which she alluded to the prog
ress that had been made not only in her
own club bat the various others there rep
resented.
Then Mrs. William B. Carr of the
Sorosis Cluo spoke on "The Present." In
the address she counseled her coadjutors
to make merry, for that there was no bet
ter thing to do was written in the Scrip
tures themselves. She also unfolded to
those present the opportunities that were
offered for social and literary growth.
Mrs. Thomas Collins, second vice-presi
dent of the Laurel Hall Club, spoke on
"The Future"; Mrs. W. R. Parnell of the
Laurel Hall Club addressed herself to the
subject "Buildings of Straw"; "Snap
shots" was the subject of Mrs. H. Hey
mann, president of tne Philomath Club;
Mrs. Charles Freeman Johnson of the
Laurel Hall Club had a paper on "Fate";
Mrs. John F. Swift, ex-president of the
Century Club, replied ai length to the
toast "The Drama"; Mrs. L. C. Lane of
the Laurel Hall Club reaa an interesting
paper on "Fads"; Miss R. Abel of the
Philomath Club talked on "Why and
Because," and "Our Restful Homes" was
the subject chosen by Mrs. Louis Wein
mann. The breakfast was generally voted
a very successful affair.
STRIKERS STILL OUT.
The Pacific Knlliug-Mill* to Be Closed
for a Month.
There was no change in the strike
situation at the Pacific Rolling-mills
yesterday, and the prospects are that the
matter will not be settled until some time
in January.
Superintendent Patrick Noble maintains
his original position that the cut of from
20 to 40 per cent in the wages of the sixty
or more men who walked out on Tues
day wan forced upon the management, as
the works were not returning running ex
penses.
The men, on the other hand, claim that
the new scale under which they are asked
to work will not enable them to make a
decent living for their families.
In speaking of the matter yesterday
Superintendent Noble stated that the
mills were to be closed on Saturday for
one month, and that all the men not en
gaged on unfinished work will be laid off.
It is believed that the difficulty will be
adjusted when the mills are reopened.
THE Y WILL USE FORCE.
Pigeon - Shooters Advined by Their
Lawyer to Resist Interference.
C. B. Holbrook, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
will probably go down to the Five-miie
House on the San Bruno road next Sun
day morning to prevent shooting at live
pigeons. He was there last Sunday and
caused the arrest of William Fanning.
Considerable excitement attended the
advent of the officers for the society.
Open threats of violence are now made if
Mr. Holbrook and his official associates
shall venture down to interfere with them
next Sunday.
Arthur Mack, attorney for William
Fanning, under arrest and awaiting trial,
makes no secret of the fact that he has
instructed the members of the South San
Francisco Gun Club, William Fanning
being one, to go ahead and shoot at the
Five-mile House on Sunday. The club
has a license to shoot from the Board of
Supervisors.
"I have told the members," said Attor
ney Mack yesterday, when the case was
under discussion, "that if Mr. Holbrook
goes down to interfere with them next
Sunday, they had better tell him to go
away. If he does not go, I have advised
them to put him out, even if they have to
use force."
Secretary Holbrook says that this will
not deter nim in the least. He and his
LITTLE DANCERS IN " RIVAL QUEENS."
officers will go down to the Five-mile
House next Sunday, and if there is any
snooting at live pigeons they will attempt
to put a stop to it.
There was a rumor yesterday that
threats had been made to shoot Secretary
Holbrook if be should try to stop the
shooting on Sunday. Mr. Holbrook had
heard of tbis and said about the matter
last evening:
"One of the men in my office told me
to-day that tne attorney for the shooters
had said to him that he would advise
them to shoot at me if I would not go
away Sunday under other persuasion. I
have not heard any sucn threat directly.
I think that is a pretty steep statement to
make. I notice that when the case came
up in Judge Low's court the attorney said
only that he nad advised that I should be
put out of the grounds.
"Now, there is a very large question
right here. The Supervisors have given
the South San Francisco Gun Club, as the
shooters call themselves, a license to
shoot. But the Five-mile House is in San
Francisco County, and there is an ordi
nance against doing just what the Super
visors have licensed these men to do. The
Supervisors can repeal an ordinance or
modify it, but, as I look at the matter,
they cannot issue a license legally in de
fiance of an existing ordinance. Judge
Low agrees with me on this point. I have
called his attention to it."
MOVING FOR A CHARTER.
Merchants' Association Seeking for In
formation About the Control of
European Cities.
The Merchants' Association has ad
dressed a letter to Hon. Richard Olney,
Secretary of State, at Washington, D. C,
requesting his co-operation to secure, as
soon as possible, with the assistance of
American Consuls abroad, copies of the
present charters or municipal laws govern
ing London, Liverpool, Manchester, Bir
mingham, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Dublin,
Melbourne, Sydney, Montreal, Toronto,
Pnris, Berlin, Vienna, Hamburg, Buda-
Pe^th, Brussels, Dresden and Stuttgart.
With this communication the associa
tion has also forwarded a communication
from Mayor Sutro, in which he sets forth
that a new charier for San Francisco is an
urgent necessity, and also indorsed the
association as being "composed of several
hundred of our leading merchants, and is
generally aist.inguished for its progres
siveness and its earnestness in advancing
our City's interests."
Mayor Sutro personally requested Secre
tary Olney to act.
Native Sons of Vermont
The Pacific Coast Association of Native Sons
of Vermont will give an entertainment this
evening in Odd Fellows' Hall. Delleplane's
orchestra, Baby Zelea Cook, Elizabeth Strong
Wouhingtoii, Miss Alma Berglund, Frank
Coffin and C. \V. Crabirec will furnish the
literary and musical features of the first part
A comedy in one net, entitled "An Oak In a
Storm," will be performed. Later in the even
ing there will be dancing.
Ladies' Guild Bazaar.
The Ladies' Guild of Howard Presbyterian
Church are holding a successful bazaar in
their church, corner of Oak and Baker street*.
This afternoon and evening is tne last <lay of
the bazaar. This evening a very pleasant
programme of vocal and instrumental music
will be rendered.
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, at greatly reduced
prices; building to be removed. 6 and 7 Third it.
FIERCE FLAMES
FROM VARNISH
A Lively Blaze in the W.
P. Fuller Company's
Store.
The Firm's Loss Was Estimated
at Over Ten Thousand
Dollars.
Much Damage Was Done by the Lower
Stories Being F.oodei by the
Water Tower.
The W. P. Fuller Company's paint and
oil establishment at Pine and Front
streets was the scene of another big fire at
5 o'clock last evening, and the Fire De
partment was called out in response to a
second alarm from box 264. It is believed
to have been caused by spontaneous com
bustion and the damage was about $10,000.
The rire was in what is known as the
Yankee block, owned by Moses Ellis of
Boston. The blaze wa3 really in>»the ad
dition to the store, 107 to 111 Pine street,
and started on the top floor, where the
varnish was kept. The workmen were
passing in and out of the main room when
a loud explosion was heard, followed by
the flash of a large sheet of lire. A futile
attempt to stay the progress of the fire
was made by hurling bottles of chemicals
against the wall, but to no purpose.
The huge iron doors that divided the
large building into fire-proof compart
ments were closed by the employes, and
thousands of dollars worth of stock in the
main building'was saved In consequence.
Meanwhile the flames were bursting out
of the Pine-street windows, and when the
Fire Department arrived a second alarm
was at once sounded. It took bus a short
time to land the water tower in front of
the building, and a Siamese stream was
started from the truck. Five minutes of
this work was sufficient, and tue flames
were quenched so that the ordinary hand
hose could finish the work.
In the second story but little damage
was done, as most of the stock was class.
The ground floor was used as a packing
department, and there the damage was
heavy. By the time tbe tire was pjt out
the basement was flooded, tbe basement
Bewer being choked or not large enough
to carry off so large a body of water. As
this place was filled principally with oil
in casks no great loss was sustained.
Fire Marshal Towe and Captain Com
stock of the Fire Patrol were at a loss to
account for the fire, as the varnish was in
packages and only electric lights were
used on the top floor. Mr. Towe was of
the opinion that spontaneous combustion
was the cause. He will continue his in
vestigation to-day. The Fira Patrol peo
ple estimate the loss at about $10,000. The
building and stock were insured, but the
members of the firm were very reticent
about giving any information.
Thomas Gately, a fireman living at 20
Morris avenue, got bis right band badly
cut at the fire ana went to the Receiving
Hospital, where the wound was stitched
and dressed.
SEVERAL SMALL FIRES.
The Department Kept Busy During
the Day Responding to Alarms.
About 11 o'clock yesterday several boys
were in Frank Kaublock's stable at 1050
Kentucky street and a little latter the
structure was teen to be in flames. At
11:20 o'clock an alarm was sounded from
box 513. Before the fire-fighters reached
the place the second story was well gutted.
The loss was about $:50.
The small boy and the doubly deadly
cigarette caused the department another
run at 4:20 p. m. in response to an alarm
from box 27.
The lire was in George E. Miller's car
penter-shop at Gl2 Commercial street, but
the damage was nominal.
A fire played havoc in Mrs. Levin's dry
goods store at 1626 Polk street, at 6:10
o'clock last evening, and was the cause of
an alarm from box 164. One of the at
taches of the store while lighting the
show-window with a taper set fir's to the
goods, and in a very short time the front
part of the store was ablaze. The loss was
about $300. _________^___
Woodmen Entertain.
The Cherry Camp No. 184. Woodmen of the
World, gave a most delightful entertainment
and dunce last Wednesday evening at Masonic
Hall, San Leaudro. The programme was varied
and was composed of exceptionally good
talent. Among those who took part were the
California Quartet, Mrs. Edmund Hathaway,
William Lawton Curtin, C. L. Gaee, Miss Kate
Cahill, James Preston, Baldwin and Durant
and George Hammersmith. "
There were many representatives from the
camps of Oakland, Alameda, Haywards and
San Francisco. At tbe conclusion of the pro
gramme the dancing began and lingered iong
Into mornintr.
Work of the Gospel Army.
R. McKinstry, general in the Gospel Army
in Ban Francisco, which organization con
ducted the Gospel Army Hall and Lifeboat on
Merchant street, announces that it has been
necessary to rent a larger hall and lifeboat at
27J^ Third street. The work of the Gospel
Army in this City up to November 15 of the
presen; year embraced 300 conversions, the
providing of 5183 meals and 28G3 frea lodg
ings, besides much assistance given to families.
The array publishes a weekly paper entitled
"Tho Warrior." Help is solicited by General
McKtnstry to provide the deserving poor with
a Christmas dinner.
• KE\F TO-DAT— GOOD«. __^^~^~~^-~-
— — ±J*r i^viriM- — -
SPOT CASH PURCHASE
• . or . ■ —
STYLISH DJP FABRICS
As the result of a Gigantic Special Purchase, secured at a
TREMENDOUS DISCOUNT FOR SPOT CASH, we are enabled to
offer our to-day's patrons an array of THE NEWEST AND MOST
STYLISH PRODUCTIONS in Black and Colored Dress Goods
AT ONLY ABOUT HALF PRICE !
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
Mar. 195 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NUN'S VEILING, evening shades, regular
utitt I price 50c, on special sale at 23e a yard.
MOfr A 140 pieces 40-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL FRENCH SURAH SERGES,
UV\l* I a lull line of colors, regular price 50c, on special sale at 25c a yard.
Mar (175 Pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY MIXED SCOTCH BUIT-
i!L »«JU | INGS, in medium and bright effects, regular price 40c, on special sale at 25c
a yard.
M9ft, I 115 pieces 39-INCH WOOL SUITING, in figured mohair effects, regular
OUC« | price 50c, on special sale at 30c a yard.
Mar. 1 122 pieces INCH ALLrWOOL MIXED DRESS GOODS, in checks and i
vviit I stripes, regular price s>c,5 >c, on special sale at 35c a yard. , 1
MCA. 184 pieces 42-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH COVERT CLOTH, diag. }
uvxit I onal weave, regular price $1, on special sale at 50c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
Mnr. I 2 cases 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH SURAH SERGE, worth 40c, will
uviit I be sold at 25c a yard. ■■
MCA,, I 2 cases 45-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH NOVELTIES, extra
v"v» I good value for 75c, will be sold at 50c a yard.
Mnr - I 1 case 48-INCH FINE FRENCH BOURETTE, worth $1 25, will be sold at
I wO» I 75c a yard. . ' : 'v i-
M^l A A I 1 case 48-INCH ENGLISH MOHAIR NOVELTIES, worth $150, will
$ 1 . V V. I be sold at $1 a yard.
8^" SPECIAL CLOSING-OUT SALE THIS DAY of SHORT
LENGTHS AND REMNANTS of BLACK AND COLORED
DRESS MATERIALS.
/ M/WR&^ MURPHY BUILDING, I
(/(/ Market Street comer if Joint /
A SHAKE-UP IN
FEDERAL CIRCLES
Immigration Commissioner
W. P. Stradley Under
Fire.
His Deputies, Kline and De Las
Casas, Dismissed From
Service.
A. H. Geffeney Reinstated Inspector
and Interpreter bj an Order
From Washington.
There is another grand shake-up in
Federal circles. This time it is the United
States Immigration Commissioner's of
fice. Two of Commissioner Walter P.
Stradley's subordinates have walked the
plank, and in the invastigation that is to
follow the fate of the chief is uncertain.
The deposed are Deputy Commissioner
William H. Kline and Interpreter and In
spector J. B. de las Casas. Another sur
prise is in the reinstatement of Immigra
tion Inspector and Interpreter Albert H.
Geffeney, who was dismissed by the rec
ommendation of Mr. Stradley nine months
ago. Mr. Stradley is now under fire, but
the cnarges are not of such a nature as to
affect his social and business standing,
although they may affect his position.
The trouble all came about in this way,
and to tell the story it is best to com
mence at the fceginning.
Waiter P. Stradley was appointed Com
missioner of Immigration shortly after
President Cleveland's election, and
Geffeney was then and had been for some
time past an interpreter of Japanese. All
went well until about nine month? ago,
when he was dismissed upon the recom
mendation of his superior, whose com
plaint to tbe authorities at Washing
ton was that Geffeney owed too much
money and used his position to contract
fresh debts, to the discredit of tue depart
ment.
After Geffeney's dismissal Stradley ap
pointed his law partner, Kline, to the va
cancy and his other associate, De las Ca
sas, as inspector and interpreter.
Geffeney awaited bis time, and it came
when Mr. Stradley went out stumping the
State for Bryan. Geffeney's first move
was to establish the fact tnat his own
dismissal was unwarranted, as he owed
not over $100 and that the chnrge was
trumped up. This he accomplished, as
shown by tne order for his reinstatement.
His next attempt was to convince the
authorities at Washington that Commis
sioner Stradley's otlicial career was not
above reproach, and his charges are that
Stradley neglected hU duties for weeks at
a time while engaged in stumping the
State for the late lost cause of free silver.
Charges of mismanagement are also made.
By this he means that Mr. Stradley moved
from a cheap office at 320 Sansome street
to a fine office in tbe Mills building, which
he shared with his legal associates at the
exDense of the Government. Also that
the appointment of De las Casas was
really saddling a friend upon the Govern
ment at an unnecessary expense.
Another complaint is that Commissioner
Stradley is remiss in his duties, aa he
never visits the incoming steamers to
land the passengers, but leaves all such
work to his deputies; also that in his
(Geffeney' s) dismissal the Commissioner
manifested offensive partisanship in order
to make a place for Kline, who owed
Stradley money. By giving Kline a place
the debt could be easily liquidated. Still
another count is that the Commissioner
never attended but one meeting of the
Board of Immigration Commissioners, as
required by law. All of these matters will
be officially inquired into by some agent
of the Government.
About the first intimation that Mr.
Stradley had that his actions had been
questioned was a dispatch directing the
reinstatement of Mr. Geffeney. This waa
followed by another telegram that was
still more of a surprise. It waa from tbe
President's representattve.directing Strad
ley to move back into the old office at 320
Sansome street on or before the first of the
year. It was not until late yesterday that
be had any knowledge of the charges
made against him. He states that he
courts a full investigation, and has no fear
but what he will be ab e to show a clean
record. Relative to the charge of his .hav
ing misappropriated funds he says that
such a statement is unqualifiedly false.
The law allows $4"2 per ruontn for office
expenses. His present quarters cost $30
with beat, light and janitor's services. At
320 Sansome street, the office cost $27 50,
exclusive of the advantages and comforts
now enjoyed. He said that every month
he has to Washington a full account
of all his expenses so that the department
knows where all the money has gone. The
other charges he will meet, he says, and
prove that they are untrue when the time
corner He courts a full investigation of
nis official conduct.
From all that can be learned the dismis
sal of Mr. Kline and Mr. de las Casas is in
the interests of economy and without
prejudice, except so far as the formei is
usurping a position that rightly belongs
to Geffeney.
.Election of Officers.
Chebra Bikur Cholim Lkedisha elected th«
following officers for one year: President,
M. Pincus; vice-president, S. Lev t; secretary.
A. N. Levy ; treasurer, William Geist, twenty
sixth term. Trustees— M. Davis, H. Seller, M.
Ralmurk, B. Adler, G. Simon.
KEW , TO-PAT. '
Trophy
is a new baking
powder — made in a
new improved way
—with the old, hon-
est ingredients,
Cream of Tartar
and Soda.
If it were not bet- ■
ter than others it
wouldn't pay us to
talk about it.
■ lillmanu & Bendei, am,