VOLUME LXXX.-KO- 116.
AN ENDLESS
PILGRIMAGE
No Cessation of the Human
Stream Pouring Into
Canton.
FIRST-VOTER CLUBS IN
THE THRONG.
Peculiarly Happy Address to
the Young Men by the
Major.
HE ALSO TALES TO AN OLDEK
DELEGATION.
Reiterates His Assertion That It Is
Better to Open the Mills Than
the Mints.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 23.— delega
tions which came to call on Major Mc-
Kinley to-day were from the natural gas
districts of Ohio and Indiana. The first
visitors were from Wood County and
Bowling Green, Ohio. " They arrived about
2:30. The delegation was composed of a
first-voters' club of Bowling Green, parts
of the various Republican clubs of the
county and the Woman's McKinley and
HoDart Club. The members of the latter
organization wore white Tarn o'Shanter
caps. The whole delegation numbered
600. A. S. Parker was spokesman. In
response to his remarks Mr. McKinley
said:
i am glad to meet at my home this represen
tative delegation from Wood County. I am
especially glad to make suitable recognition
of the women who have honored me with
their presence to-day. [Cheers.] The pres
ence of this body of young men who are to
vote for the first time next November, is to me
an Inspiring sight, and that you are soon to
enjoy the priceless privilege of citizenship
must be to all of you an Inspiring thought. 1
wouder whether you fully appreciate the
privilege and honor which you are so soon to
have. I fear sometimes that few of us estimate
suffrage at its true worth. It clothes us with
sovereignty. It is a guaranty to our liberties
and institutions and is our surest safety. It is,
indeed, a priceless inheritance and should be
valued as such by every young man. It should
nrrer, so never, be Uiroita b^aiuat the coun
try and should never represent public dis
honor. [Applause.]
I recall, young men, my first vote. With
what a thrill of pride I exercised for the first
time the full prerogative of citizenship. In
the crisis of — in the very field of conflict —
my first vote was cast for Abraham Lincoln.
[Cheering.] It is to me a priceless memory.
You, gentlemen, did not have that privilege,
but it having been denied you then it will be
some satisfaction to you to vote for the party
oi Lincoln, which rallied -the . young men of
the country around the banner of liberty,
union and National honor between 1560 and
1865 [applause], and now summons you under
the same glorious banner. [Renewed ap
plause.]
It is seldom given to the first voters of this
country to start in in so important a National
contest, where so much is involved and where
so many interests are at stake. It is a year,
too, when old party divisions count for little—
when men of all parties are united in the'
common object to save the country from dis
honor and the currency from degradation.
[Cheers.]
My fellow-citizens, I ventured a few weeks
ego to suggest in a public speech that
it would be better to open the mills than
to open the mints. [Great cheers and cries of
"That's right."] I see thut some of our polit
ical adversaries criticize the statement, saying
that it is "putting the cart before the horse."
They seem to think that the way to open up
the woolen-mills, lor example, is to start a
yardstick factory. [Great laughter aud ap
plause. j They forget that you must make
cloth before you can measure it [renewed
laughter], and that the weaver must be em
ployed before the yardstick is required. [Ap
plause.] But they say the yardstick is too
long. I answer, if you make a yardstick nine
teen inches, instead of thirty-six inches, its
' present length, you will not increase the out
put of cloth or its value or give an additional
day's labor to the American weaver. Nor will
a 52-cent dollar increase industrial enter
prises, add to the actual earnings of anybody
or enhance the real value of anything. [Great
applause.]
It will wrong labor and wreck values, and
has done so wherever It has been used. More
cloth might require more yardsticks [laugh
ter], but more yardsticks or shorter ones will
not create a demai.d for more cloth. [Re
newed laughter and cries of "Good, good L"]
Nor will short dollars from wide-open mints
free to all the world increase our factories.
[Applause.] More factories at work will find
work for the good dollars now in their hiding
places and find employment for the good men
now idle at their homes. [Tremendous cheer
ing.]
Industry must come first. Labor precedes
all else. It is the foundation of wealth; it is
the creator of all wealth. [Applause.] Its
active employment puts money in circulation
and sends it coursing through every artery of
trade. [Great applause.] The mints don't
distribute it in thai way. Start the factories
in lull blast and the money will flow from bank
and vault. The lender will seek the borrower,
not, as now, the borrower the lender. - [Great
cheering.]
Start the factories and put American ma
chinery in operation and there will not be an
idle man in the country who is willing and
able to work. There will not be an American
home where hunger and want will not disap
pear at once, and there will not be a farmer
who will not be cheered and benefited by his
improved home markets and by the better and
steadier prices for his proJucts. [Applause.]
Plenty and prosperity will return to us again,
and do not forget, men and women of Wood
County, that you cannot coin prosperity [great
cheering] and you cannot revive industries
through the mints. They come through labor
and confidence, skill and enterprise and hon
esty, and they will come no other way. [Great
cheering.]
The second and last delegation to-day
came from Muncie. Ind. Four bands of
music accompanied the Indiana visitors,
and a more enthusiastic delegation has
not been seen for weeks in Canton. The
spokesman for the Indiana delegation was
N. E. N edham, who made an'earnest;ad
dress. In response Major McKinley said:
It is needless for me to say that I am greatly
nouored to receive this call from my .. fellow
clticens of Muncie. I must congratulate this
The San Francisco Call
Oh! What a Difference in One Short Year!
assemblage of Indianans upon the selection of
their spokesman, who has delivered before me
so able and eloquent and telling a speech.
[Applause.] He has said that "'it is understood
lam an American." That is altogether true.
[Applause.] 1 believe in America for Ameri
cans — native born and naturalized. [Cries of
•'Good."] I believe in the American payroll
[laughter and applause[, and I do not believe
in diminishing that payroll by giving work to
anybody else under another flag while we
have got an idle man under our flag. [Tre
mendous applause.]
Four years ago the laborer was agitating the
qnestion of shorter hours we then had so much
to do. I have heard no discussion ol that kind
for four years; [laughter and applause] but I
believe I have never beard of the laboring
man discussing the desirability of having
short do'lars. [Applause.] The complaint —
the chief complaint of our opponents is, first,
that we have not enough money, and, second,
that our money is too good. [Laughter and
applause.]
To the first complaint I answer that the per
capita of circulating medium in this country
has been greater since the so-called crime of
1873 than it ever was before [applause], and
that jt has been greater in the last five years
tliaa it ever -./as in all onr iikttory. We have
not only got the best money in the world, but
we have got more of it per capita than most of
the nations of the world. ] Applause.] We i
have got more money per capita than the
United Kingdom, than Italy, than Switzer
land, Greece, Spain, Roumania, Servia, Aus
tria, Hungary, Norway, Sweden, Denmark,
Russia, Mexico and the Central and South
American States, and more than Japan or
Chiua per capita. [Great applause.] So that
some reason rather than the lack of volume
of money must be found to account ior the
present condition of the country.
To the second complaint, that our money is
too good, it would seem to be enough to say
to say that the money of any country cannot
be too good, and that no nation ever suffers
from having its medium of exchange of the
highest and best quality, [Great applause.]
It has been poor money, not good money,
that has been the cause of so much loss and
ruin Id the past, both to the individuals and
to nations. [Applause.} The olaer men of
this audience will remember that before the
war we did business with an uncertain and
fluctuating currency known as State bank
money. Many ol these banks and their notes
were absolutely sound, but for the most part
they were subject to a discount* The total
number of banks in 1860, exclusive of State
branch banks, was 1570. Of this number "the
counterfeit detector," then in use, reported
832 as "broken, closed, failed, fraudulent anc
worthless." The notes of these banks were in
circulation among the people, and had been
received by them for their good labor and
their eood products. They were absolutely
worthless*, and of no more value than the paper
on which they were printed.
Upon whom did this loss fall, my fellow-citi
zens? There is scarcely an old gentleman in
this audience who will not recall that it fell
upon the laboring man and the farmers of tl.e
United States. [Cries of "That's right!" and
applause.] I allude to this only to show that
those who suffer most from poor money are the
least able to bear the loss. It is the story of
mankind, that the least valuable the money
which will pass current is the money that at
last finds its resting-place among the poorer
people, and when the crash comes the 10.-s
must be borne by them. You will remember
that from 1862 to 1879 we did business with
paper money exclusively — we had neither gold
nor silver; and you will remember that gold
was constantly at a premium, ranging from 40
to 100 per cent. Then when a man wanted to
borrow money he bad to pay a higher rate of
interest than he has had to pay since 1870 on
a gold basis. [Applause. ]
When we were doing business with a depre
ciated paper money Interest was very much
higher to the borrower and to the debtor than
it is now. 1 can recall when here in Ohio the
ruling rate of interest for that paper money
was 10 per cent annually, and often 1 per cent
a month or 12 per cent a year. The rnling
rate here in Ohio for what some people are
p'eased to call a 200-cent dollar is 6 or 7 per
cent to-day. It may run as high as 8, and pos
sibly that has been the ruling rate during the
last two or three years, but that is because dis
trust has fallen upon the country aud men
who have money will not part with it and
take chances without a higher rate of in
terest. Money to-day is idle because it cannot
De profitably and safely ii. vested by those
who have it. It is neither a lack of volume of
our money nor the quality of the money that
is our trouble, but a lack of confidence in the
steadiness and stability of business.
The threat oi free silver is driving our money
into hiding to-day. The way to bring it out is
to restore confidence, and how will you restore
confidence? There is only one way. [A voice:
"Vote for McKinley." Applause and laugh
ter.J The way to restore confidence is to defeat
tnrough the ballot the party that destroyed
confidence. [Cries of "Good."] We cannot re
store the business nt the country m long as we
do so much of our business abroad. [Cries of
"Good" and "That's right."] Let us bring Jt
back borne again for our own people and our
own labor, f Continuous cheering, j
Among the delegations for Thursday
will be one from Oil City, Pa., which will
be accompanied by a iarixe number of
women.
Major McKinley to-day received a dis
patch from Harrisonbnrg, W. Va., inform
ing him that 1000 ex-Confederate sodiers
of the Shenandoah would like to call on
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
him about October 8. He answered that
he would be pleased to see them.
RUSSIA ACTIVE IS THE ORIENT.
Placing Northeastern China in a Condi
tion for Defense Against
Other Powers.
LONDON, Ekg., Sept. 23.— A. special
dispatch to the Globe from its correspond
ent in Shanghai states that the Russians
are displaying great activity in the north
eastern part of China, and are placing the
country in a condition for defense.
Russian engineers have been busily at
work at Port Arthur for weeks. That im
portant place was left in bad condition
when the Japanese abandoned it at the
close ot the war with C hina.
The Russians are now placing every
thing in good order. The docks and war
ships will soon be iv better condition than
ever before, and vast enpplies of coal are
being collected there for the use of the
Russian warships. The piace was a very
important naval station when under
Chinese control. With the help of Russia
it can be made practically impregnable.
The Russian warships in the Pacific are
more numerous than the British, though
hardly as formidable. There is an ominous
activity about them, too. Everythine In
dicates that orders have been issued to
have matters in good shape should a
European war break out.
It has always been that the princi
pal object of Li Hung Chang's recent trip
around the world was 10 meet the Russian
authorities ana bring about an under
standing between that country and China.
From the activity prevailing now in and
around Port Arthur it is believed that a
satisfactory arrangement has been reached
and that there will be some sensational
developments within a short time.
BAYARD LAUDS CLEVELAND.
Pays a Glowing Tribute to His Chief at a
Chamber of Commerce Dinner in
Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL, Ekg., Sept. 23. -Thomas
F. Bayard, United States Embassa<ior to
Great Britain, was a guest this evening at
the dinner here of the American Chamber
of Commerce, given in connection with
the annual meeting ef the British Associa
tion, which closed to-day. Mr. Bayard,
in responding to a toast to President
Cleveland, referred to the long rei^n of
Queen Victoria and the triumph of a good,
settled government of a free country.
He also spoke in warm commendation
of President Cleveland's financial integ
rity, his fidelity to public obligations and
his firm upholding of the Nation's good
faith. Tnere never wes a truer friend to
human rights and privileges, declared Mr.
Bayard, than is President Cleveland. The
utterances of Lord Russell of Killowen,
Lord Chief Justice of England, in favor of
arbitration maue during his Lordship's
present visit to the United States were en
thusiastically referred to by Mr. Bayard.
VICTORIA'S LONG REIGS.
Hot Kulea Oe«r the Englith People for
Kearlv Sixty ieartZ
LONDON, Eire., Sept, 23.— With the
dawn of to-day Queen Victoria's reign his
exceeded that of her grandfather, George
111, and she has, therefore ruled longer
than any other British monarch. George
111 ruled fifty-nine years, three months
and two days. Her Maj sty has sat on
the throne fifty-nine years, three months
and three days. All public rejoicings,
However, have been deferred until July of
next year, when the Queen will have ac
tually completed a reign of sixty years.
The Mayors of London an i oth<r Eng
lish cities wired messages to the Queen at
Balmoral this morning congratulating her
Majesty upon having occupied the throne
longer than any other British sovereign.
The church bells throughout London and
other cities were rung this morniug in
honor of the event. In accordance with
the desire of the Queen the occasion will
not be celebrated officially until 1897, when
her Majesty will have coniDleted the six
tieth year of her reign.
4 Bridegroom, tlidts to Bis Death.
ATHENS. Ohio, Sept. 23 -The Balti
more and Ohio Southwestern Rahroad
westbound train No. 13 was derailed near
this city this afternoon by a broken wheel.
The rear coach, filled with passengers,
rolled over an embankment. Several per
sons were injured, and D. D. Breckenridee
will probably die. He was on his way to
AmesviUe, where ne was to have been
married to-morrow. F. F. King of Albany,
N. V., was badly cut aDout the head and
face, but will recover.
LEADVILLE LONGS
FOR MARTIAL LAW
Frantic Appeals for Peace
Made by Prominent
Citizens.
FOUR MINERS ARRESTED
They Are Charged With Murder
and With limiting the
Riots.
ONE BIG FRIGHT OF THE DAT
Guns Fired and an Attempt Hade to
Destroy the Water Works and
Burn the City.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept, 23.— The
presence of the militia has had no appar
ent effect in quieting the nerves of the
people of this unfortunate city. The
feeling is so tense that the people clutch
eagerly at the most absurd rumors, and
the fear is general that dire disaster is
certain soon to come.
There were plenty of sensations to-day.
Interest centered in the hoped-for mar
tial law order which has not yet come
from Governor Mclntyre. General
Brooks received at an early hour to-aay
an order from the Governor which ap
pears to be of an advisory nature. Gen
eral Brooks was in aonversation with the
Governor over the telephone during the
day, and late to-night Brooks issued a
proclamation outlining his military policy
while in camp.
Judge Owers of the District Court also
talked with the Governor, bat was appar
ently not satisfied with his interview, and
he declined to talk.
All day the business men and mine
owners have been frantically demanding
martial law, that the strikers be disarmed,
their ammunition and dynamite confis
cated ana all possible means of resistance
taken from them.
A warrant was issued in the Justice
Court of P. M. Wall for the arrest of P. B.
Turnbull, vice-president of the Miners'
Union, &. J. Dewar, financial secretary of
the Miners' Union, Eugene Gannon, one
of the leading strike agitators and a
member of the Engineers' Union, and
Gomer Richards, a principal character in
the union strike committee. The men
are charged with being principals in the
riot which resulted in the killing of Fire
man Jerry O'Keefe at the Coronado mine
last Monday morning.
They were all placed under arrest be
fore 1 o'clock to-day. A large number
of arrests are likely to be made to-night,
and probably some effort to search for
arms will also be attempted.
One of the frights of the day was the
rather vague story of an attempt to de
stroy the city water works. The Miners'
Union has long boasted that in the event
of armed intervention it would destroy the
water system and burn the town.
The water works are located about two
miles from town, in California Gulch.
Troops were posted there yesterday, and
last night a detail of thirty men in charge
of an officer were stationed inside of the
works. Pickets were thrown out, and the
dark, rainy nieht passed as comfortably as
could be expected. Just before dawn
there was the flash of a shot and a faint
report on a distant hill, such as mig'it
have been a signal. A little later one of
the sentries made oat some dark forms
crawling up the hill. He hailed them and
was answered by a shot.
There was silence for a time, and then
several scattering shots were fired from
the gullies, but the attacking party, find
ing the guard wide awake, drew off with
out any injury so far as could De learned
on either side.
Colonel McCoy, in charge of Camp Mc
lntyre, took the matter less seriously, "I
am not inclined to think, from the report
my officers made to me, that there was
much in the affair," said he. "It is true
there were some shots tired in the dark
ness, but I don't believe, from what I
heard, that our boys returned them. None
of our men were hurt, and I am inclined
to think that it was mere horseplay on the
part of some one."
THE FATHER A FIEND.
Ghastly and A/most Successful Attempt of
Joseph Bash to Kill His Whole Fam
ily With a Crowbar.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 23 —A most
inhuman attempt upon the lives of a
whole family was made early this morn
ing by Joseph Bash.
The man rose early to prepare the morn
ing fires. For some unknown reason he
conceived the ghastly idea of killing his
whole family and securing a crowbar re
paired to the room where his wife and two
daughters were sleeping. With one. blow
he crushed the skull of his wife and then
turned to the cradle of his youngest child.
The 19-year-old daughter in another bed
awoke and sprang to arrest the fiend's
arm, but the blow fell across tne infant's
lace.
A desperate tight between father and
daughter took place. The girl's screams
brought assistance and the man fled. He
has not been arrested yet. The woman is
at the point of aeath, but the infant may
live.
FURIOUS STORM IN COLORADO.
Great Damage Along the Denver and Rio
Grande Road—Eteven Washouts
Within Six Miles.
GRAND JUNCTION, Colo., Sept. 23.—
The worst storm for ten years has been
raging since yesterday. East of here on
the Denver and Rio Grande road there are
eleven washouts within six miles.
The Rio Grande Western running west
from here is in a worse condition. A long
bridge at Salt Wash has gone out, as have
also several smaller ones. The Denver
and Rio Grande narrow gauge south of
here is badly damaged.
Trains on all roads are water- bound at
various points along the road. The main
irrigating canal, which supplies the farm
ers of the valley witn water, has been
almost ruined, and it will require thou
sands of dollars to restore it.
CORBETT OUT ON BAIL
The Tall fighter Arrested and Arraigned
in Court.
ASBURY PARK, N. j., Sept. 23.— James
J. Corbett was arrested this afternoon at
his training quarters at Loch Arbor, for
negotiating a prize fight.
The warrant on which the fighter was
arrested was issued by Justice Borden on
information and papers brought here by a
detective. When arraigned before Justice
Borden he was met by friends and curious
spectators'. The champion was required
to give $1000 bail for his appearance in
New York on September 30. A. R. Par
sons, proprietor of the Hotel Brunswick,
signed the bail bond, and the prisoner
was discharged.
DEBS MUST EXPLAIN.
JVot Accused of Dishonesty but Simply
Irregularities in Office.
GALVESTON, Tkx., Sept 23.— 1n view
SUPERVISOR CHARLES L. TAYLOR, the Republican Candidate for Mayor.
of the specials sent to two of the New
Orleans papecs that Eugene V. Debs had
been exonerated of all charges pending
against him by the Brotherhood of Loco
motive Firemen, the convention of that
body, in session here to-day, adopted reso
lutions which in substance stated that
"Debs had never been accused of dis
hoiuß'.y in so far as his actually defaulting
with Grand Lodge finances or any other
finances, but that there are still existing
certain irregularities during his adminis
tration as grand secretary and treasurer
that must be explained, unless they choose
to say that the expert's report is wrong
and false."
Gold Received. J-'rotn Canada.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 23.— The
Bank of North America has received $100,
- gold from Canada. J. &W. Seiig
man & Co. have $200,000 in gold on tue
steamer Teutonic, wnicn left Liverpool
to-day.
TAYLOR NAMED FOR MAYOR
This Honest Supervisor Is
Honored by the Regu
lar Republicans.
PLATFORM ADOPTED BY THE
CONVENTION.
William A. Deane for Auditor and
Cord Wetjen for Tax Collector.
Declaration of Principles.
MAHONEY-KELLY OVERTURES INDIG
NANTLY REJECTED.
Their Combination With Sam Rainey and
His Party Organ to Ruin the Cause
They Pretend to Advocate — John
D. Spreckels' Denial.
For Mayor — Charles 1.. Taylor.
For Auditor— William A. Deane.
For Tax Collector — Cord Wetjen.
These were the nominations made at the
regular Republican Convention of the City
and County of San Francisco last night at
the Auditorium.
One of the most significant features of
the proceedings was the eutire absence of
anything that looked like a concession to
the disgruntled, dishonorable, dishonest
' and rule-or-ruin leaders of tie Mahoney-
Keily-Rainey stuffers and corruptionists.
To those who have the true and best in
terests of the Republican party of this
City and County at heart, and who have a
knowledge of what Is actually transpiring
among the leaders this was no surprise,
bnt many werejed to believe that an un
holy alliance, for such it would have been,
had been made with the men who pose as
Republicans for the only purpose of se
curing a dishonest revenue from the
patronage that might fall into their hands
for distribution.
It is true that overtures were mad.c to
the representatives of the regular organ
ization, bat they were so palpably dishon
est, dishonorable and indecent to every
man with any sense of shame or morality
that they were not even given considera
tion, but were indignantly rejected.
Tne story that these political tricksters,
devoid of purity as of power, had been re
ceived into the councils of the regular or
ganization was one invented by these
shameless would-be traffickers in the
spoils oi office, and then conveyed to Sam
Raiti' y, the leader of the faction of what
is now known as the reorganized Democ
racy, but better known as the Junta.
This ally of the Mahoney-Kellyites, in
accordance with the scheme of the latter,
poured forth the story to the editor of the
organ of the Junta, and, still following
out a prepared programme, that paper
gavetbe fake to tne puolic.
It has been questioned by many men
with a nice sense of honor whether there
really has been or is a combination between
these pseudo-Republicans and Sam Rai
ney, the boss of the Jama— whether men
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
could really sink as low as to wantonly
and for love of gain alone deliberately
plan to betray the party to which they
feigned allegiance.
For the information of such it can be
stated that a visit to the stable owned by
Sam Rainey on Bush street, just above
i Kearny. on almost any day will find the
I Democratic boss in consultation with Ma
i honey and Kelly, scheming how best the
latter may be able to aid the local Democ
racy by bringing disruption into the rank«
j of the Republican party.
W: en the story published in the Ex
aminer yesterday morning alleging that
Nahoney and Kelly had been received
into fellowship with tne membership of
i the regular organization was called to the
t attention of J. D. Spreckels he was more
i amused than indignant. He said:
"Just let the people watch the proceed
i ings of the convention while it is in session
j at the Auditorium and they will find an
j answer to the fake story published that the
• corruptionists had been allowed to break
| into the organization.
"They came to the leaders of oar organi
zation with a plan for joining forces with
us, but their conditions were so dishonest
and dishonorable that we could not, in
justice to ourselves and the party we rep-
resent, even give them decent considera
tion, and felt ourselves forced to reject ail
overtures.
'■No combination has been made and
none is likely to be made."
All the delegates to the convention were
in their seats, and on settling down to
business they presented the spectacle of a
respectable, intelligent body of men, ap
parently imbued wit^i sincere motives, for
they were in the fullest sense of the word
representative Republicans.
A clear understanding of their duties to
the people of San Francisco and to their
party made itself evident in the delibera
tions of this second session. All through
the greatest enthusiasm prevailed in
unison with harmony, and all these char
acteristics combined to make it an ideal
political meeting.
The nominees for Mayor, Auditor and
Tax Collector were greeted, each in turn,
with very flattering ovations, and this not
alone from the delegates but from the gal
leries and unreserved portions of the ball.
There could be no mistaking the seal of
public approval thus set upon the choice2
of the convention for these three offices.
It was all spontaneous and deeply in
earn
Every clause in the platform of the
regular Republican party of San Fran
cisco was accep ed with ringing plaudits,"
which told of its hearty commendation
by the convention. - ...-•*
When Chairman T. P. Riordan called
the convention to order the Auditorium
was densely crowded and the galleries
were full to the walls. With the rap of
the gavel silence fell upon the large gath
ering. .
James A. Stevens moved that the read
ing of the, minutes of the previous meet
ing be dispensed with. ' The motion was
promptly seconded and , carried unani
mously.
The report of the committee on organi
zation and order of business was read by
Assistant Secretary Andrew Branch.
The report was adopted by a unani
mous vote which was greeted with ap- '
plause. . ,
•• Immediately after John M. ;■ Chretien
read the report of the committee on plat
• form and resolutions. He said by way of
introduction that his committee had con
sidered ad interests in the regular Repub
lican party of Ban Francisco, with a view
that justice be done to all and that none
be slighted.
This announcement, brief as it was,
called out enthusiastic applause, where
upon Mr. Chretien added: "We have
done the best that we could, and sincerely
hope that our efforts in behalf of every in
terest of the local Republican party will
meet with your approval and the approval
of all Republicans of San Francisco.'.' *
The meeting was interrupted by a burst
of applause when the names of McKinley
and Hobart were mentioned, and at vari
ous other places the platform was cheered.
It is as follows:
The Republican party of the City and County
of San Francisco, this day assembled in muni
cipal, judicial and legislative convention,
Edopts the following declaration of principles:
We indorse the National Republican plauorm
and ticket, and pledge ourselves to the support
of the 'Republican candidates for President
and Vice-President, William McKinley and
Garret A. Hobart. We believe in protection
that protects, «nd in opening the factories of
ourcouutry to the free and unlimited coinago
of the muscles of American citizens. '
We declare that the affairs of this munici
pality should be conducted upon the same prin
ciples of honesty and economy that prevail in
all private business enterprises.
The indebtedness oi this City and County to
its just creditors should be promptly and fully
paid and discharged.
We favor a liberal appropriation for Golden
Gate Park, not to exceed, however, 5 cents on
every $100 of assessed valuation of property ;
. and that a reasonable proportion thereof be
devoted to the Improvement of Buena Vista
Park.
We favor the park and public school addi
tions requested by our fellow-Citizens of the
Mission.
-We insist that the school system shall be
non-sectarian, and that our public schools
shall have all moneys that may be reasonably
required lor their maintenance.
The salaries of teachers and other employes
of the schools shall be promptly paid before
any school indebtedness is incurred for any
other purpose, and all Supervisors should be
required to set apart each.year a sufficient sum
to mv the salaries of all teachers in the School
Department.
We favor the inauguration In our public
schools of a system of physical training with
competent teachers.
We heartily indorse the demands of the As
sociated Bicycle Clubs of the Citj and County
of can Francisco as embodied in the following
resolutions:
We believe that the improvement of our
roads and highways Is a matter of first Im
portance to the people of the State and of this
municipality, and, to that end, we are in favor
of the pas-age oi a bill at the next session of
the Legislature increasing the powers, facili
ties and scope of the State Bureau of High
ways.
We favor the passage of a bill at the next
session of the Legislature declaring the bicycle
to be baggage and compelling railway and
other transportation companies to carry biey- :
cles on the same terms as other baggage.
We favor the repaying of Market street, the
principal thoroughfare of our City, with a
smooth and modern pavement. -
The lighting by electricity of Golden Gate
Park.
We favor the rights of wheelmen while rid
ing on Dublic highways.
, We demand the removal from our streets of
unused and abandoned rails of streetcar com
panies. . • .
We denounce the ordinance of the Board of
Supervisors requiring peddlers to. wear a tag,
and demand its immediate repeal. •*'. .. : -
.We pledge our nominees for the office of
Supervisor to a just and reasonable regulation
of the rates for gas, water and electric lights in
this City and County.
Onr nominees lor Supervisor shall be further
pledeed to a rate of taxation not to exceed $1
per $100 of assessed valuation (exclusive of the
tax for park improvement and a sinking fund).
No laws shall be passed attempting to inter
fere with the personal conduct or habits of the
people BO long as they accord with the existing
law of the land.
We recommend the passage and enforcement
of legislation that will protect (established
property rights against the assertion of stale
and unlawful claims of title.
We recommend that more suitable police
ratrol-waeons and ambulances be provided
for the public convenience and protection.
We favor the improvement of our sewerage
system and the general sanitary condition of
the City.
The new charter is one of the important sub
jects to come before the people of San Fran
cisco at the next election. We recommend
that all Republican voters carefully consider
its provisions. ■ ■ # \
\\ c favor the passage of a law providing that
all primary elections shall be held substan
tially in manner and form as a general elec
tion.
We condemn the raising of the assessment
of this City by the State Board of Equalization
as infamous, and insist that the Legislature
should provide for the election at large of the
members of the State Board of Equalization.
Wo are in favor oi equal rights to all sports
men who hunt and fish, and are opposed to the
granting of special privileges.
We favor the early construction of a cable
from the California coast to the Hawaiian
Islands.
We believe that the building of the
Nicaragua canal wi'.l be for the best interests
of the whole people of the United States,' and
especially of the Pacific Coast.
We sympathize with the Cubans in their
struggle lor liberty. «
We believe that the obligations of all cor
porations serving the people should be dis
charged in the same honorable manner as arc
private obligations and the same legal reme
dies adopted for their enforcement. -
We recommend the urgent passage of all
such just and proper legislation, both State
and National, as will protect the workingman
from competition with the cheap labor of the
Orient, both Chinese and Japanese.'
We declare tnat in electing or appointing to
political offices no distinction should be made
between citizens as to creed or color. .
No person, except the nominees for judicial
offices, shall become the candidate of this con
vention unless he shall wholly and without
reservation indorse the principles of the Re
publican platform. Respectfully submitted,
_. . ,_ • • ■ ■ - ■ John M. Chretien,
Chairman of the committee on platform and
resolutions.
The platform was adopted amid hearty
applause after Martin Stephens of the
Thirty-ninth District hau moved for the
original question, which shut off debate.
The convention was only too well satisfied
with the patriotic declaration of princi
ples, and to a man almost, the delegates
saw notiiing to amend or to introduce.
Nominations, according to the order of
business, were then in order. They were
ruade amid frequent outbursts of enthu
siasm that cleariy indicated tbe entire
coruruendation of the nominations, and
the unity of sentiment which pervaded
the assemblage in favor of good ana true
men as representatives of the regular
Republican party in San Francisco.
lhe chair announced that nominations
f r Mayor were in order, and Robert Ash
of the Thirty-sixth Assembly District pre
sented the name of Colonel C. L. Taylor,
the Supervisor, for that office. Ash spoke
to the point, though compelled to desist
at repeated intervals by the plaudits of
his audience. He said :
Mr Chairman: I desire to make a nomina
tion for the renponsible and important posi
tion of Mayor. This convention is the Repub
lican convention of the City and county of
San Francisco. [Applause.] I wish to noml-
Tiate a man who is well known to you a
gentleman who will be a successful candidate.
The gentleman who I propose to place In
nomination (irst saw the light in the East
who comes irom one of our New England
States; who comes from that State which we
are all proud of ; that has always been a State
In the lead of the Republican party and its
principles, a State which has furnished us
huch statesmen as James G. Blame [appiause]
the grandest representative ot the Republi
cau party and its protective policy; and
Thomas B. Reed, another grand represen
thtive of Republican principles and a noble
defender of our National honor.
The erentleman whom I desire to nominate
is known to you all. Ii is Colonel Charles L.
Taylor.
At tbe mention of Supervisor Taylor's
name there was a spontaneous outburst of
WILLIAM A. DEANE; the Regular Republican Candidate for
Auditor.
applause which evolved into a storm of
cneers and shouts expresaite. of the en
thusiasm felt for the Supervisor who has
made such an enviable record within the
past two years. When the demonstration
had subsided sufficiently Mr. Ash con
tinued as follows: •
The gentleman whom I have named is known
as one of the most honest Supervisors the City
has ever had. He has represented the City
and County of San Francisco in a most honor
able and satisfactory manner to every citizen.
The Republicans are proud of his record, and
I pledee you, gentlemen, that if he is nomin
ated here to-night he will lead us to honor and
success.
Martin Stevens of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District seconded the nomination
in an eloquent speech, which still further
stirred the convention. He said:
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen and fellow Repub
licans : Ii looks as If we are going to have a
little fight here, and that is what we like, be
cause it will be a fair fight and the best man
will win. lam here for the purpose of second
ing the nomination of Charles L. Taylor.
The immortal Lincoln said : "You can fool
some of the people all the time, you can fool
all of the people some of the time, but you
can't fool all the people all the time."
If Lincoln were here and he knew Charles L.
Taylor he would be standing on this platform
and pointing his index linger at him and say
ing that through all his long and honorable
hie he never fooled any of tho people any of
the time.
Here is a man who can unite the Republican
party of this City and County, and the Repub
lican who cannot vote for him deserves to be
incontinently kicked out af his party.
We have divisions in this County; we have a
great newspaper which ought tobe supporting
the regular Republican organization. If in all
the wide domain of this State, if from the top
most corner of the State to lie bottom, if in
any pface there is one man who owes the R?
publican party his unfaltering fealty and
strongest support, it is Michael Henry de
Young.
Against the sentiments of the State, against
every portion of it: against the sentiments of
the City and County, the then Republican
organization sent its delegates to Sacramento.
and they voted for him for United States Sen
ator first, last and all the time. If there is a
man who should vote this ticket, and par
ticularly if Charles L. Tavlor is nominated, it
is Mr. de Young. If he does not support him
he i& no longer a Republican, and the senti
ments ho expresses in his paper are not Re
publican sentiments. [Cheers and applause.]
This is a most Important office. If the charter
is adopted the Mayor will appoint nearly all
the officers in this City and county. It be
hooves us, then, io elece the Mayor if we wish
to save the City from the corrupt spoliation of
Democratic misrule, that has burdened it so
long.
Taylor can win, and we want to win, and I
believe that the other convention will be cer
tain to nominate him.
He reviewed the record of the Supervisor
while in office, and paid a nigh triDute to
CORD H. WETJEN, the Republican Candidate for Tax Collector.
his honor, honesty and ability and faith
fulness to duty. Continuing, he said:
It needs a man of thia kind for the office of
Mayor, and the taxpayers are ripe for a man
of this kind. They want a man who can hold
a thieving Board oi Supervisors in check, and
this is the man.
When the applause following Stevens'
address ceased a voice from the Thirty
second District wa9 heard above the cries
for "Taylor!" "Colonel Taylor!" All the
delegates listened to what was coming
from the Tliirty-second when the chair
had recognized Michael Hines of that dis
trict.
"I understand," yelled Hines, "that
Colonel Taylor has been already nomina
ted. He has been nominated by the A. P.
A." fCries of "No, no."]
"I want to nay, sir. that Mr. Taylor hails
from Maine, and Maine, sir, knows no
creed, exclaimed Stevens of the Forty- j
third, whereupon the house gave vent to a
Justy cheer. The name of Colonel Taylor
was placed before the convention by the
chairman, who shouted, "There is no
creed in this organization. This conven
tion is above creed —it Knows none."
There was a thundering "aye" in response
and Colonel Taylor was declared the regu
lar Republican nominee for Mayor of the
City and County of Ban Francisco.
As Colonel Taylor was not present the
chair appointed John M. Chretien, Robert
Ash and Martin Stevens as a committee
to escort him to the convention hall, so
that he could apoear before the delegates
and indorse the platform.
William H. Schooler of the Forty-first
District placed in nomination for Auditor
William A. Deane, in a highly eulogistic
speech. The name was greeted with loud
•nd long cheerinjr. The galleries went
lairlv wild, and when the din at last sub
sided some one called out, "Three cheers
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBJSK L' 4, lsye.
for Willie Deane," and three good cheers
were given.
Schooler said that Deane is a printer by
profession, and a bright, competent young
man, who enjoys remarkable popularity
all over town, where he has lived from
childhood. His character and his (itness
for the office were so well known, the
speaker said, it was not necessary to dwell
upon those qualities. Deane has been an
active Kepuulican for many years and has
many friends in the Democratic ranks as
we'l as in his own ptrty. He is a brother
in-law of M. H. de Young, editor and pro
prietor of the Chronicle.
The nomination was seconded by P. A.
Bergerot of tbe Thirty-eighth. District.
Deane was declared the choice of the
convention. "Is Billy Deane in the hall?"
asked Chairman Hiordan. He was pres
ent, and as soon ac he showed himself on
tbe platform delegates and spectators
cheered enthusiastically. He indorsed
the platform of the regular .Republican
party, and was declared the nominee by
acclamation. In his speech Mr. Deane
wag overcome oy the hearty reception ac
corded him, but clearly indorsed the plat
form.
Fred A. Elliott of the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict named for Tax Collector a man wno,
he said, was eminently qualified for the
position, a successful businessman, promi
nent in social and political circles and a
popular representative of the German
citizens — Cord Wetjen. The nomination
was seconded by Lincoln E. Bavage, who
said he had known Mr. Wetjen as a
"square" and honorable man and a worthy
member of the regular Republican party
of this City.
Mr. W'etjen said that if he was elected
Tax Collector the business of the office
would be conducted in an honest, intelli
gent and business-liKe manner. He
thanked the convention for the honor of
nomination, and was then declared the
nominee by acclamation.
At this juncture Colonel Taylor walked
from the wings uDon the stage. As soon as
lie showed himself fairly before the conven
tion a wild, enthusiastic cheer went up
from all parts of the house. Delegates
threw their hats into the air; others
jumped to their feet and swung theii arms
enthusiastically. It was some time before
this magnificent spontaneous reception
came to an end, and then Mr. Taylor, in a
dignifi-d and vigorous ruapner, in itself
convincing, made his speech of acceptance,
saying:
Fellow Republicans: I esteem this nomina
tion a great honor for more reasons than one.
In the first place, in looking at your faces, I
pee before me a body of intelligent, representa
tive men— representative of the great priuci-
pies of the Repnbl lean party. But more than
all is the fact that I have been one of the hum
ble servants of this government for nearly
two years, and I look upon this nomination as
an indorsement of my actions in the past, and
I appreciate it on that account beyond any ex
pression that I can give.
I do not propose to take np your time with
any extended remarks. I ao not need to tell
you that I have long been in the Republican
ranks, and that forty years ago I was chairman
of tne Republican County Committee and
served as such for several years, and that I
presided over the first ratification meeting of
the nomination of Abraham Lincoln, and I
have served in the Republican party ranks
continuously ever since.
I have several timei: received the votes of the
people for different positions, and all of them
were unsoujrht, as was the case two years ago.
I was not advised and did not know until 10
o'clock next morning that I was nominated at
that time.
I never ran for office, but 1 feel that with
your support and the support I am offered
outside of the Republican ranks, for 1 have
been visited within the past three or four
months by hundreds of Democrats who have
proffered me their services, I shall certainly
carry the day. Ido not know how loyal the
Democrats are to their party this year. I find
that many are very shaky. They'are willing
to get in and give their strength to the party
of prosperity, and I expect to see on election
day an unusual turning over of that element
which has always heretofore been steadfast in
the ranks of the Democratic party.
I have be««n called upon within the last two
or three day* to say what I would do if I were
Mayor. I can't tell you what I would do if I
were Mayor. We will wait until the occasion
comes for action, and when it does I will en
deavor to be there and do my duty to the best
of my ability. If lam elected I shall make an
effort to serve the people of thia City and
County without regard to party and shall do
the best for th» citizens regardless of party
At the same time, as I said before, I have been
long enough in the ranks of the Republican
party ».o make my friends confident that I
shall te true to my Republican colleagues, but
1 shall look after the general interest* to the
bent of my ability.
X don't know what the platform is and I
generally want to know what I am indorsing,
but I know that tha Republican party has not
presented anything to you In its platform that
I cannot indorse. I am satisfied without
knowing that they have presented principles
that if we live ud to and right for during this
election, and arter the election, will give satis
faction to the people; therefore I am ready to
Indorse it without reading any of the princi
ples that are promulgated in your platform.
In conclusion he thanked the conven
tion for the honor conferred upon him,
and said he was willing to receive the
indorsement of all other clubs and organ
izations, but proposed, nevertheless, to
maintain bis allegiance to tbe Republican
party, which, he said, was the party of
protection, and would go forward to vic
tory in November under the leadership of
that grand banner-bearor Irom Ohio, Wil
liam McKinley.
Three cheers were given for Colonel C.
L. Taylor, the regular Republican nomi
nee for Mayor of San Francisco, and the
convention adjourned until this evening
at 8 o'clock. Nominations will then be
continued in the selection of a Treasurer,
Superintendent of Streets and municipal
judicial officers.
After the onvention adjourned dele
gates of the Forty-second Assembly Dis
trict convened and selected Lorenzo
Henry as their nominee for the Assembly.
Henry is a printer and a native son. fie
has occupied positions in the State
Printer's office during two terms and is
now following his profession here.
Delegates of the Thirty-eighth Assem
bly District met yesterday and organized
by the election of P. A. Be'rgerot for chair
man and C. Z. Soule for secretary.
OPINIONS OF
ABLE LAWYERS
Legal Creators of County
Conventions and Com
mittees.
FAKERS ARE SHOWN UP
Congressional Bodies Have but
Certain Limited
Powers.
CANNOT WIELD OTHBR POWERS
After They Have Performed Their
Prescribsd Functions They Go
Out of Existence.
There has been of late considerable talk
in Democratic and other anti-Republican
newspapers to the effect that there is a
division of greater or less extent in the
ranks of the Republicans of this City, so
far as local offices are concerned. The
Democratic papers have gloated over the
fact and have espoused the cause of the
small fraction of people who have been
dragged into the circus by the false pre
tenses of Martin Kelly and his side part
ner, Senator Mahoney. They do this
because by bolstering the weak cause of
the usurpers they hope to make the divi
sion permanent.
The few henchmen of Martin Kelly,
who, by the by, is being treated with great
consideration by the Examiner, which not
long ago denounced him as a boodler and
a ruffian, are making considerable noise
with a few loud voices for the purpose of
inducing the belief in tbe minds of the
people that ttie regular Republican County
Committee and the County Convention
were unauthorized bodies and usurpers.
Iv order to set the matter in its true
light and in order that the peopie who are
entitled to know may be advised as to the
merits of the case, a Call reporter yester
day interviewed several lawyers of high
standing In this City as to the legal posi
tion of the Republican committee of which
Mr. Manwaring is chaiiman and of the
Republican County Convention of which
Thomas D. Riordan is chairman. They
nave staked their reputations as lawyers
on tbe soundness of the opinions advanced
by them, and for that reason those
opinions arc entitled to tbe respectful con
sideration of the people.
Judge S. C. Denson, one of the best
known lawyers in the State of California,
said:
"The regular Republican County Con
vention, of which the Hon. Thomas D.
Riordan is chairman, was called by the
regular County Central Committee, which
derives its title and claims its genealogy
for years back as the controlling body of
the Republican parjy in this County. 1
know of no reason way it should not be
recognized as thrj legal organization in
control.
"i understand that its authority is ques
tioned only by some gentlemen who were
elected delegates, or who claim to have
been elected delegates, to tbe National
Convention at St. Louis, and wbo were
recognized as such by the National Com
mittee and the National Convention; bin
I don't understand tnat, under party law
or usage, such delegates nave any juris
diction over county, State or municipal
affairs. They are simply creatures of the
Congressional district convention, and
nothing else.
"I don't know what authority they have
in the district where I live greater than
tnat exercised by the County Central Com
mittee of— say Aiameda County, or of any
other district, Congressional or otherwise.
If they have any authority from the Forty
first District, in whif h I reside, I know of
no reason why the delegates of the South
ern Congressional District, or of any other
district in the State, should not also claim
iike authority. In short, Ido not under
stand that they have any such authority
at all.
"Tbe Fourth Congressional District
Convention having performed its duties
within its powers has become functus
officio, or dead to the world to use a
homely phrase. Its only remaining power
would be to fill whatever vacancies may
occur in its Congressional or Presidential
electoral nominations."
Thomas D. Riordan said :
"In the first place, conceding for the
sake of the argument that the decision of
the National Committee seating Messrs.
Spear and Kowalsky was correct, all that
committee decided was that the conven
tion which nominated those gentlemen as
National delegates was the legal conven
tion of the Fourth Congressional District.
A Congressional district convention is
formed for the purpose of electing dele
gates at large to the National Convention,
Congressmen, Presidential electors, State
Commute men, and there its duties and
powers cease.
"Now, the Kelly and Mahoney people
claim that the Fourth District Congres
sional Convention can go further than
that simply because they inserted the
words 'and such other business as may be
brought before it, 1 but those words appear
in every call, and the fact that this phrase
is inserted does not mean that they can
call a State convention or that two years
from now they can appoint a county com
mittee or anythiue else."
"The Fourth Congressional District
takes in only a little more than one half
of San Francisco, but it does not take in
all the wards, and they lie when they
make that statement, their claim rests
on the fact that the wards touch the
Fourth District, but there are only a few
bouses in that situation and not more
than ten votes. The vast area of terri- j
EX-JUDGE HENRY C DIBBLE of the Forty-First District, Regular
Republican Nominee for the Assembly*
tory included in the Fifth Congressional
District constitutes considerably more
than one-third of the City and County of
San Francisco.
"It has never been known in the his'ory
of either the Democratic or Republican
parties that the Congressional convention
bad power to call a municipal convention.
That power emanates from the County
Committee and from no other source.
This has been the rule and tbe precedent
oi both political parties from time imme
morial.
"Our convention was called by this
County Committee, elected two years ago,
and whose legality has never been ques
tioned and is not even now being ques
tioned. The powers of that committee
continue to exist until its successors are
elected and qualified. The two years of
the term of the County Committee have
not yet expired."
Judge Henry C. Dibble, on being asked
for his professional opinion on the sub
ject, replied:
"To my mind there can be no question
whatever as to the legality of the Repub
lican conveution presided over by Thomas
D. Riordan, and "the County Committee
of which Mr. Manwaring is chairman. It
is unquestionably the only legal County
Committee in existence. It has received
its powers by direct transmission from the
County Committee which preceded it, and
so on back through the history of the Re
publican party in San Francisco for many
years.
"At lhe last general election, in San
Francisco the candidates nominated by
tbe convention which constituted tbe
present County Committee were recognized
by the Election Commissioners, and were
placed upon the ticket as tbe regular nom
inees of tbe Republfcan party, and there
is no reason in the world why the nom
inees of tue present convention should not
be so regarded and treated by tne Registrar
and the Election Commissioners, aside
from any division that may or may not
exist among Republicans in San Fran
cisco.
"It seems to me to be beyond any ques
tion that the Main waring County Commit
tee is the only one in existence."
J. Aiva Watt said:
"The present County Committee, of
which Mr. Manwaring is chairman, is the
regular successor of its predecessor, tbe
County Committee which called into ex
istence the convention held in 1»94. That
County Committee was the successor of its
predecessors cabled into existence and or
ganized in the^ same manner during a
period of many years.
"The legal existence and authority of
the county committees so organized, ex
ioting and succeeding each other, has
never been questioned in the political his
tory of the btate. The line oi succession
is undisputed and cannot be attacked upon
any le^al ground, the proof of which is
that no attack has been made upon it, ex
cept by the present so-called Kelly-
Mahoney faction of the party, which fac-
John M» Chretien.
tion is but a fraction even on paper, with
out support or backing of any consider
able number of Republicans of this City,
and which pretends to have organized for
municipal and county purposes.
"That pretense is founded upon the pro
ceedings had for the purpose of nominat
ing Congressmen and Presidential electors
in the several Congressional districts of
the State. Their organization had its in
ception in a call issued by the National
Committee for the election of delegates in
the several Congressional districts
throughout the whole country for the pur
pose of nominating Congressmen and
Presidential Electors. That call of itself
however, distinctly recognized the sepa
rate and legal existence of the State Cen
tral Committees in the different States,
and in this State the call was not consid
ered of itself operative, bnt was given
effect only through the action of the State
Central Committee in this State.
"At the time of the issuance of the call
of the National Committee there were no
existing Congressional committees save in
one district. The Fourth and Fifth Con
gressional districts were without Con
gressional committees. The State Central
Committee, in order to give effect to the
call of the National Committee, adopted
a resolution whereby the members of the
Btate Central Committee residing in the
several Congressional districts had dele
gated to them the power to select and
appoint the Congressional Committee for
each district, and by that means tbe ex
isting Congressional District Committees
were called into existence. No conflict as
to the selection of those Congressional
Committees occurred in any district in the
State, save in the Fourth.
"In tnat district, at two separate meet
inga«of the State Central Committeemen
residing therein, two separate Congres
sional committees were chosen and a con
flict arose as to which of those Congres
sional committees was regularly chosen.
"The purpose of the call of the National
Committee was aa I have stated, namely,
to provide for the nomination of Congress
men, Presidential electors and delegates to
the National Convention. The National
Convention recognized the election of
Messrs. Spear and Kowalsky as delegates
[to that convention, and they settled a
! matter that was within their power and
jurisdiction. It naturally followed that
the norn nees of the same convention for
Congressmen and Presidential electors
were legally and properly nominated, but
there the powers, duties and functions of
the Congressional convention ended and
that convention could not by its own acts
perpetuate its existence nor eniarge its
Dowers.
"Tiie Fourth Congressional District
constitute* but a fractional part of the
City and County of San Francisco. The
convention of that district had no power
to exercise any riehtg, duties or functions
whatever in the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict, which had its independent conven
tion.
"The Fifth Congressional District Con
vention of which I was and am the chair
man, having nominated its Congressman
and Presidential elector, adjourned to
the call of the chair. No meeting of that
convention, either of itself or jointly with
the Fourth Congressional District Con
vention, has ever since been called.
"The so-called Kelly-Mahoney County
Committee was appointed at an alleged
joint meeting of the Fourth and Fifth
Congressional districts, but since no such
joint meeting was ever called or held by
any legal authority, and sine* the alleged
source of authority never existed, it fol- I
lows that the Kelly-Mahoney County
Committee, so called, has not and never
had any legal existence.
"The Kelly-Mahoney convention gets
its pretended authority from an alleged j
County Committee called into existence
as above stated, but it can have no greater
or higher authority than that which called
it into existence, and it legitimately fol
lows, therefore, that it has uo legal exist
ence.
"If it should be claimed that the Con
gressional committees in the several Con- I
gressional districts in the State alone rep- !
resent the power and authority of the Re
publican party, it must follow that the
action of every county convention held
throughout the State under the auspices
and jurisdiction of the county committees
is illegal ana void, a-nd there has not been
a legal nomination for any Superior j
Judge, Assemblyman, Senator or other I
officer in the State. The statement of this
fact alone shows the ridiculous and pre- I
posterous nature of the pleas advanced by
the so-called Kelly-Mahoney faction. ■
"If the Fourth Congressional District had I
the power to call into existence a county I
committee, the Fiftn Congressional Dis- |
trict convention, which embraces a lame |
section of the City, had the same power j
and may still be called upon to exercise 1
the same functions and have tbe same
power as is vested in the Congressional
district conventions and the entire Fiftn !
District is entitled to participate therein i
and it would follow that we would be !
obliged to call in the delegates from the I
counties of San Mateo and Santa Clara
which constitute a part of the Fifth Dial
trict, to participate in the proceedings
leading up to the nomination of a muni
cipal convention in the City of San Fran
cisco."
John M." Chretien gave his opinion as
follows:
"Ever since the Republican party was
organized in this Count 3' the municipal
convention has been recognized by a cer
tain number of people who composed the
County Committee. The County Commit
tee is the body which calls the convention
for the purpose of electing delegates to the
municipal convention, which, in turn,
would nominate otneers for the municipal
election. That county convention, while
in session, would name the successors of
that body which had called them together,
and the people whom they elected were
to serve until their successors qualified.
"Following that rule and principle iaid
down by Democrats and Republicans
alike, two years ago the Republican
County Convention, which was presided
over by Mr. Watt, named the County
Committee. After they had done so they
adjourned sine die. They were then dead
and out of existence. This County Com
mittee were the sole arbiters of the quali
fications of its members. They could in
crease or diminish their numbers, and ex
pel or suspend anybody that they wanted
tom their County Committee by a majority
vote. Tneir term of office does not expire till
January 1, 1897, and until that time they
are the only successors ot the County Com
mittees that have existed during the past
twenty years. They have the books, the
archives and other property handed down
by their predecessors. They call the
county convention which names their suc
cessors, and, whether they name Uie same
men or new men has nothing to do with
any National party or any State Central
Committee, nor with any members of the
National Committee from Maine, or II
linoi3, or Nebraska, because, while we are
Republicans, we believe in State rights to
this extent, that no combination of men
from different States and territories of the
United States can direct or dictate who
shall be the Coroner of this City and
County, or who shall be the County Com
mittee.
"lhe State Central Committee has rec
ognized us; our State convention in ses
tSmtmmi F YOU NEED
good blood medicine, if you are m search
of a bowel regulator, get the best, and you
will find toe best to be
eion in Sacramento has recognized us as
far as it could. Two members of lhe
Kelly-Mahouey committee admitted to
me that t. ey had no ri^ht whatever, and
tnat they *vere out with a fi?hing-hook to
catch whatever they could find.
"Major McLaughlin. chairman of the
State Central Committee, tells us that we
are the only legitimate County Commit
tee, and that we are the ones to be recog
nizpd.
"At the time we were elected as a
County Committee there was no contro
versy but tnat we were the legitimate
' County Committee. No question was
raised of that kind by Mahoney, Kelly or
anybody else. We cannot be moved un
til our term of office expires."
WANT TO DEBATE.
Worklngrmen Who Are Willing to
■ Talk on the Money
Question.
The following challenge to debate has
been submitted to The Call for publica
tion :
Sax Francisco, Cal., Sept. 23, 1896.
To Jeremiah Galvin, W. H. Hutchinson,
John Grant, \V. G. Ackermin, Fred Busse, I.
Less, J. J. Connolly, W. Mac Arthur and any
other individual, members of trades organiza
tions of San Francisco, Cal., who have pub
licly espoused the cause of the free coinage of
silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 by the United
States— Gentlemen: We hereby challenge any
three of you to debate the following propo
sition, the negative Of which will be taken
by the undersigned.
"Tnat the Iree coinage tif silver by the
United* Stales at a ratio of 16 to 1 will advance
the inierests of the wage- worker."
Debates will be arransed for any date during
the campaign, to take place in San Francisco.
In a "campaign of education" no effort
should be spared to publicly consider the lead
ing issues. With that end in view, we are very
respectfully yours, K. T. Mac Ivor of Painters'
Union No. 1. G. B. Benliam of Typographical
Union No. 21, T. F. Bums of Cigar-makers'
Union No. 223.
Communications addressed to 35 Turk street
will receive prompt attention.
Entomologists tell us that the smallest
insect is the Alaptus excisus. Viewed
under the microscope it is seen to be a
sli-htly built, slender creature of such
diminutive proportions that it would take
over boOO of them placed end to end to
sir 'teh one inch.
K^^^^Bp^t
Is the light that will brine a great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be bad only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Thii
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It io the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made, ft is so powerful
that it is simply wonlerful how harmlesa
xt is. You can Ret it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator la the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientiflo
men of Europe and- America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of tha
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t<vitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness rueans imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
ped in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor?-
producing jt«rms. Tnen come sore'throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, metis in mouth, oid sores and
falling n»ir. You m nave.R trip t> Hot sprinet
by nslnu the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Murkct and Kills Sta.
SAX *"KA><CISCO. CAL.
Q.
•: AT AUCTION
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 29. 1898,
• At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOMS MARKET ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY, F'FIH AND
SHIPLEY STKEETS.
Southwest comer of Fifth and Shipley streets.
rear b lll?: on Shipley street, 2 French flats: fuli
ren;Bssß;htreets in bituminous rock and cement
walk on Huh street; Flft. -B'r<;et cars and Market- ,
street, line; corner lot, 25x75. «"*«■<- j
FELL BT.-IMPI.OVKD PROPERTY.
North line (Xos. 408 and 408y 3 ) of Fell street,
B^:b west of Octavla.
Improvemems-2 flats of 7 and 5 rooms and
bath; also on Linden avenue, front, 4 flats or 3
rooms each; mil income 58: Fell street and walk !
bituminized; Linden avenue in basalt block-
Haves-street cable; large lot, 25xi'_'O feet, through*
to Linden avenue. •
MISSION HEIGHTS-COTTAGE.
Weal line (No, 164) of Clara avenue, 168 feet
north of Kisrhteenth s:re->t, near Douglass.
Pretty cottage of 5 rooms and bath; street
sewered, traded and macadamized ; cement walk
f, oJ°V<£? cins!: £ isnieenth-s.rcet electric-cars;
loir Jbil 06 feet.
RICHMOND CORNER.
_ -Northeast corner of California street and Twen-
tieth avenue.
A large, fine business corner with small building
containing store and 4 rooms; Sutro Electric and
California-street cars: large corner lot, 29x120 feet.
two MISSION COTTAGES.
Southeast line of Arlington street, 413 feet south-
west of Roanoke, 379 and 381 Arlington street.
• • 1 wo pre;tv bay-window cottages of 4 rooms and
DRtn; in fine condition; but one minute's walk
from ban Francisco and San Mateo electric road:
rents $10 each; will be sola singly ; lots 25x95
BADEX CORNER LOT.
Near Baden station, on the S. P. R. R., and on
the matu county road, Ban Francisco and San
Jose; also within a few feet of the electric-road
terminal.
This Is a large and choice triangular business
corner; would pay. to build a roadhouse on It;
travel is very large passing same; examine It;
must sold; corner triangular lot, 142x182x89
LARGE MISSION KESIDENCE LOT.
North line of Twenty-second street. 152:9 feet
east of Sanchez; Mission an I Twenty-fourth sreat
eiectnc; large buildinx lot, 50:11x114.
SOUTHSIDE-DOUBLK LOT.
East lipe of Eleventh avenue. 100 feet north of
J street ; double lot near Ciolu'en Gate Park ; H-street
dummy and Metropolitan electric; lot 50x120 feet.
FOR ACCOUNT WHOM IT MAY CON-
CERN.
North line of Greenwich street, 80 feet west of
Broderlck: a large, fine residence lot, all ready for
building; Union-street cable; large lot, 51x8J and
90 feet. ■■;*■.;■■'- - ; . "-> . .
......AI/50......
Northwest corner of • Rhode , Island and Yo o
streets; lot all ready for bulliunsr ; streets bitnmin-
iz»dand sewered; Potrer>aveaue road ; lot 5Ux75
Z6wi.
ALSO:
An undivided one-half interest in about 13 acres
planted in orange trees 4 years old, located in the B
thriving town ° Taermalt0 ' near Oroville, BUit«
*5T The above three properties are sold for ac-
count whom it may concern, for cash, subject to
confirmation.; ... - ;■ /J
EABTON, ELDRIDGE & CO
638 Market st. Auctioneer.THREE SPEECHES
IN ONE NIGHT
Mr. Bryan's Husky Voice
Sounds to Thousands
in Brooklyn.
GLAD HE'S A DEFENDER.
Attacks the Supreme Court for
Its Decision on the
Income Tax.
GHOST OF LINCOLN INVOKED.
His Opponents Remind Him of the
Man Who Feared He Would
Get Justice.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept. 23.— William
Jennings Bryan, the Democratic candi
date for President, delivered three
speeches to-night. The first was in the
Academy of Music, the next to an over
flow meeting, and later he addressed a
large gathering of laboring men In tne
upper part of the city.
A solid mass of humanity packed the
Academy of Music It was crowded fully
an hour before the beginning of the meet
ing. The doors were closed and thousands
turned away. The streets surrounding
the academy were blocked with a dis
appointed throng, who struggled and
fought to gain admittance to see the
Democratic standard-bearer.
When Chairman James D. Bell took his
seat on the speakers' stand at 8 o'clock
there were in the hall over 5000 people.
There was a fair sprinkling of ladies
present.
Among those who sat on the stage were
Elliott Danforth (chairman of the State
Committee), Mr. Blackburn of Kentucky
and Colonel Thompson (ex-Congressman
from Kentucky). Judge Gaynor of this
city was chairman. The audience cheered
bim to the echo.
Mr. Bryan was escorted to the theater
by ex-Congressman Clancy and B. J.
York of the Kings County Democratic
Committee. He remained in an ante
room until his turn came to speak.
After preliminary remarks in which
Judge Gaynor said that in this campaign
the Democracy would not be wanting for
leaders. Senator McCarren was intro
duced. He read a resolution, which was
adopted with rousing cheers, pledging the
Democrats of Kings County to the
earnest and uncompromising support of
Bryan and Sewall. When the names of
Senator Quay and Mr. Platt, both of
whom were sarcastically alluded to in the
were heard there were hisses,
while load groans followed the mention
of Chairman Mark Hanna's name.
Then Mr. Bryan suddenly appeared.
He had become tired of waiting for the
preliminaries to end, and, with Bernard
J. York, entered the stage from the rear
and walked calmly down the narrow aisle
formed by the sitting and standing
people. A mighty shout went up. The
audience seemed to rise as one man. In
one instant men were shouting with all
the power of their lungs, and as nearly
everybody was provided with a small
American flag these were waved in the air
until the whole audience seemed to be a
kaleidoscope of red. white and blue.
Those who did not participate at first
soon became enthused and rose and
cheered with their more emotional neigh
bors. It was a Biirring scene. Order was
finally restored after the cheering had
lasted many minutes. The crowd wanted
to bear Bryan and Bryan alone, so his
introduction was brief.
"We will dispense with the formal parts
of the meeting and I will now introduce
to you your great leader, Mr. Bryan," said
the chairman.
That was all the Judge said. His last
words were drowned in the roar that came
from every part of the house, and as the
band played "Rally Hound the Fla^" the
people had a new incentive to shout.
When quiet was restored Mr. Bryan spoke
as follows:
If you don't stop, if you don't preserve
order, our opponents will say you are agaiust
order as well as against law. I esteem it a
great privilege to be permitted to defend a
cause which I have espoused in this campaign,
and I urn Kiad to be permitted to present that
cause to the people of Brooklyn. I only wish
that that great divine whose name has added
even to the fame of your great city, Henry
Ward Beecher [applause], were with us to-iay
that be might again champion the cause of the
people in their great fight.
Beiore addressing myself to tne money ques
tion 1 desire to say something in regard to the
planks of our platform which have been
assailed by the enemy. I only speak of them
because persons hiifh in the Republican party
have called attention to them and sought to
twist them into a meaning never intended and
to give them an interpretation which they will
cot bear.
Mr. Bryan then read the plank denoun
cing Federal interference, and declared it
as mild in tone when viewed by the side
of the plank on the inviolability of State
rights in the Lincoln platform of 1860.
Continuing Mr. Bryan said:
Now, my friends, if our platform is wrong, I
want theEe Republicans to reiiUdiate Abraham
Lincoln. [Applause.] Because if you take
Abraham Lincoln from the Republicuu party,
you nave taken from it its most sacred
memory. [Applause.] Now let me call your
attention to another thing they complain of.
They fay we criticize the Supreme Court. Let
me read you what we say on that subject.
The speaker quoted the plank in the
Chicago platform denouncing the Supreme
Court for its decision against the income
tax, and continued:
What cri!ici6m is there? I call attention to
the fact that the court overruled the decisions
of a hundred years. We dec-are that Congress
ought to use all the constitutional power "that
remains. Let them insist that having taken
part we dare nnt u*e what they have leit. We
demand that Congress shall use such power as
stay come irom a reversal by the court as it
may hereaiur be consiituted. Has no court
bereuHtr a right to reverse the decision of this
court? If not, what right had this court to
reverse the courts for 100 years before it?
[Applause.] This court changes from time to
unit. Judges die or resign and new Judges
take their places. Is it not possible, my
friends, thut future Judges may adhere to the
precedents of a century instead of adhering to
a decision rendered by a majority of one, and
that one changed his mind in two months?
Every time a lawyer goes into court and asks
for a reversal of a decision of the court — and it
is not an infrequent tn ing— every time a iaw
yr does it— he attacks the correctness of the
decision which he desires to have reversed.
1 et me read to you what tne Republican plat
form siid about decisions of the Supreme Court
in 1860:
\\<- condemn the recent opening of the African
slave trade under tee cover of our flag,
aided by perversions of judicial power.
That is what the platform said— it declared
that a decision of the court was a perversion of
judicial power. Tiere is no language in our
platform ti.at is as harsh on the Supreme Court
rb t ha Republican platform. [Applause.]
My fneii'ls, on these two questions, on which
we arc assailed by the K»-pubiicans to-day, we
have not taken as emphatic a stand as the Re
sin party took in the first platform upon
which it elected h President of the United
States. I^t me read to you now what Abraham
Lincoln caid about the Supreme Court. This is
from his inaugural address:
tdo not forget the position assumed by some
that constitutional questions are to be decided by
ri i™ lpreme Court; nordoldeny thai such ae
clsons must be binding in any case upon parties
10 the sun as to the object of that suit.
.u The « next was quoted, and
then Mr. Bryan said :
Mr Lincoln says that if it is meant to be as
seneu that the Supreme Court has a right to
determine the policy of the people on great
questions that they will have cssigned our
Government into the hands of the Bupreme
court. Our platform is not as- harsh as the
language of Abraham Lincoln.
I quote these authorities, my friends, m
order that you may all see how far-fetched is
the criticism that is leveled against us. I quote
these in order that you may see that the very
men who used the criticisms against us must,
in order to do so, abandon the Republican
platform upon which Lincoln was elected.
[Applause.] Now our opponents say that we
are opposed to the enforcement of the law. I
deny it. I stand as the candidate of three
parties. Ido not speak of myself as an indi
vidual, because the individual is lost in a cam
paign In the representative character of the
candidate. But, my friends, I want to say to
you that the fear that is expressed is not a fear
that if elected that I will not enforce the law.
I have said it before and I say it again, that if
by the suffrages of my countrymen I am placed
in that position which is the highest position
in the gift of the people of the world, every
law shall be enforced against the great as well
as against the small. [Applause.]
It is not a fear of lawles.-ness, my friends.
Think of men who have transgressed the law
being afraid that there will be a lax enforce
ment of the law. Think of the men who have
considered themselves greater than the Gov
ernment who are afraid the Government will
not be great enough. They remind me ol the
man in court— the person who seemed uneasy —
and the Judge assured him that he bad noth
ing to fear; that ne would get justice in that
court, and he said: "Great heavens, Judge,
that's what I'm afraid of." [Applause.} They
say that we have been the peculiar objects of
these imputations. We pause, therefore, for a
moment to repel them.
We entertain no sentiments diverse to social
order; we seek not to destroy, but to preserve
in their purity the institutions of our country,
whose language is the language of Samuel J.
Tilden [applause], used in an address to farm
ers, workinzmen and mechanics delivered on
February t>, 1883. They accused reformers
then of being destroyers of the peace, and he
asserted then, as we assert now, that we have
not come to destroy. Let me read from that
speech of Tildeu's: "A powerful moneyed cor
poration, engaged in a death struggle with the
Government to whom it owed its existence,
assailed the purity of our press. A mighty
combination of politicians and moneyed inter
ests is again in the field to control elections, to
change the administration of Government and
to re-establish the supremacy of the great
moneyed corporations over the business of the
country."
That same moneyed power exists to-day. It
is doing this same work to-day that it did in
the days of Tilden, and business men are ter
rified. Tilden said that the patriotism of the
people prevailed in that struggle, and I be
lieve it will in this. To think otherwise would
be to despair of a government like this. My
friends, we cannot have a free government un
less the people are free to act. I repeat, my
friends, that this government by the lew, this
government by asserted wealth, this govern
ment by corporations, is the most tyrannical
government that any people ever suffered
under. [Applause.] When you know that I
am opposed to a government by the few; that
I am opposed to a government by the great
corporations, you will understand why they
call me an anarchist.
I want for a few moments to call your atten
tion to the present financial system, and ex
plain to you what we desire to substitute for
it. Now the present financial system is based
upon gold. The present financial system con
templates the retirement of greenbacks and
treasury notes and the substitution of bank
paper for those notes. The present financial
system contemplates the retirement of all
iegal tender silver certificates, contemplates
gold only as the legal tender money of this
country, and bank paper only as the paper
money of the country. The financial policy
under which we now suffer, therefore, contem
plates a condition in which a few men will
control the gold money and the national
banks will control the paper money, and the
people will have nothing to say about it. Mr.
Carlisle, iv a recent letter, says that it is the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to re
deem silver dollars in gold whenever it be
comes necessary to do so, in order to maintain
the parity.
What does all that mean? It means that all
this talk about retiring greenbacks and treas
ury notes is a farce, and when this farce gives
out they intend to start another endless chain
as soon as they get through with the present
endless chain.
We have got to have either one kind of
standard money or two kinds. If we cannot
have two kinds then ii must be one, and the
Government must have the right to use a stiver
dollar. If the Government cannot use a silver
dollar to pay all the debts that it owes then
the silver dollar is not as good as the gold dol
lar. I believe this Government has a right to
use its silver dollars as it uses its gold dollars;
but our opponents have gone on a different
theory, and they have taxed the people of this
country to pay interest on $226,000,000 in
bonds in order to buy gold, on the theory that
silver was not as good as gold.
My friends, when I see bonds worth $119
sold for $1 04?*. and try to describe what kind
of a transaction it was I regret that my
parents did not teach me more tongues in
which to express my- ideas. And yet the peo
ple who sell for $1 04% bonds worth
$1 19 assume that they are the only people
who understand financiering. I believe that
instead of the Secretary of the Treasury get
ting down on his knees and asking these men
to please tell him what he ought to do he
ought to stand up and with 70.000,000 of peo
ple behind him tell them what they ought
to do and make them do it. You say that it
is not impossible. The great trouble has been,
in my judgment, that our Treasury officials,
instead of being in sympathy with the mass of
the people of the United States^ have been in
sympathy with the syndicates and financiers
of the United States.
Our platform declares for the double stand
ard without discrimination or charee for
mintage. Our platform is but a reiteration of
the main part of the platform of 1892 without
the steps. [Laughter.] We left tne steps off
because the candidate did not care to step
down this time. [Great applause.] Our plat
form is not made simply that they may get in
on it, but it is made to sthnd on after election.
I am in favor of tree coinage whether we
produce silver in this country or not. I am in
favor o: the use of silver, not because we
produce, but because we own it. [Applause.]
If w2 ueed it, and if it is best for urn at our
present ratio, I am in favor of having it even
if to have it gives the people who produce
silver a chance to <io what they did beiore the
law struck silver down.
They tell you that free coinage helps those
who delve in the mines Admitted. I tell you
that when they bring out that metal they
pour it into the channels of trade, ana we are
blessed by its discovery. [Applause.] Who
will be helped by the gold standard? Not
those who produce the metal and pour it into
the channels of trade, but those who corner
the money of the world and keep it out of the
channels. [Applause.]
Mr. Bryan then went over his favorite
argument of Bismarck and bimetallism,
and said:
Shame on the cowardly American who
thinks this Nation is not as big as Bismarck
thinks it is !
When Mr. Bryan concluded he was
cheered loudly. He presented Senator
Blackburn, asking the audience to listen
to him. Most of the audience remained.
The journey of Mr. Bryan from Phila
delphia to Hoboken was marked by
gatherings at nearly every railroad station.
He made a number of speeches, one of
forty five minutes at Washington, N. J.,
ana others of brief duration. Most of his
addresses were cur short by the train
movina out. The stops were frequent but
very brief. Mr. Bryan's appearance was
almost invariably cheered. He was for
tunate on such a "busy day in having cool
weather, and on his arrival at Hoboken
showed none of the fatigue that has fol
lowed his campaigning during the hot
season.
AT REPUBLIC AN H EADQUARTERS.
Notable Visitors iron*. Many Mates
Bring Encouraging Sews.
CHICAGO, IIL., Sept. 23.-* John Sher
man was a notable visitor at Republican
National headquarters to-day. He stopped
in Chicago on his way home from a trip to
Montana and Colorado, taken for rest, and
he was induced to address the noon-hour
meeting of the Commercial McKinley
Club No. 1 at the clubrooms. He will
make some speeches in Ohio and other
States, but he is not physically able to do
much active campaigning. He addressed
two meetings in Montana, and ne told
Chief Hahn of the speakers' bureau that
be was surprised to find so many Republi
cans in Colorado, where he had been told
everybody was for silver.
Senator Manderson of Nebraska, who
has been here trying a lawsuit, returns
home to-night to engage in campaign
work. He will accompany tho Alter party
through Nebraska the first of October and
will contine his speaking to Nebraska on
account of his professional engagements.
General Manderson said to a reporter of
the United Associated Press at National
headquarters:
. "The Republicans in our section are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
earnest and vigorous and aggressive. I
hope rather than have confidence that we
will carry Nebraska by a small majority.
This talk about Bryan carrying every State
west of the Missouri River is all bosh. I
told Mr. Hanna when I was in New York
that he must not depend on any State
west of the Missouri. Thpre is lots of sil
ver sentiment in my State."
The Bismarck letter has made an im
pression at headquarters, but there is a
disinclination on the part of the commit
teemen to discuss it from the Republican
point of view. Chairman Payne's opinion
is that if the German ex-Chancellor has
any interest in the election of Bryan it is
based on the tariff and not on the currency
question. Mr. Payne supports this opin
ion by the statement that the Democratic
tariff legislation repealed the sugar bounty,
which placed Germany at a disadvantage
of 2 cents a pound, and destroyed the in
dustry in low-grade knit woolen goods,
which Germany has a monopoly of in
trade with this country. In all the inter
national monetary conferences, Mr. Payne
said, Bismarck has always thrown his in
fluence against an extension of the use' of
silver, and has always been the strongest
gold man in European politic.
The new programme was received from
ex-Governor Hughes of Phoenix, Ariz.
He states that the Republican Territorial
Convention had declared that while Ari
zona was friendly to silver it was per
fectly willing to trust its silver interests to
the Republican party.
Ex-Governor Fiferof Illinois called and
reported the situation improving steadily
in this State, and in his ex ensive speak
ing tour among the farmers he had not
found the silver sentiment which had
been claimed by the Democrats.
VIRGINIA DEMOCRATS.
Sound-Money Talk at Jltchrnond Re
ceived With Cheers and Hisses.
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 23.— The meet
ing in this city to-night under the auspices
of the cold Democrats, and at which Gen
eral Buckner, Colonel John R. Fellows of
New York and Governor O'> were
announced to speak, was a success in
point of numbers. The Academy of Mu
sic was crowded to its utmost capacity,
but before the speaking wae over the
mingling of hisses and cheers evidenced
that in its financial views the audience
was greatly divided. Bryan's name was
cheered whenever mentioned.
Colonel Fellows did not reach the city,
but General Buckner arrived this after
noon.
Governor O'Ferral presided over the
meeting. The Governor's address was an
important event of the evening, as he had
but recently given his adherence to the
Paimer-Buckner ticket. He said he was
a Democrat and that he had never cast
his ballot fur a man who was not a Demo
crat. But be found now that his party
1 had fallen upon evil times and its accred
ited representatives had forsaken the
true faith.
The Governor repudiated the charge of
being a bolter. When delegates sent to a
convention made a platform not Demo
cratic there was no rule, he said,
to require a Democrat to vote for that
platiorm. Suppose that he were techni
cally a boiter of the party, the Chicago
I convention had done worse, for it had
bolted Democratic principles. TheGover
j nor then introduced General Buckner in
I high terms of eulogy. General Buckner
spoke on the line of his Madisca-square
Garden and Luu.sviile speeches.
DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN - BOOK.
Large Volume Just Compiled by Con
gressman McMillin of Tennessee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 23.—Sen
ator Jones, chairman of the National Com
mittee, and Senator Faulkner, chairman
of the Democratic Congressional Commit
tee, called on Representative Benton Mc-
Millin of Tennessee about a month ago to
compile the material for the Democratic
campaign- book of 1896. He accepted the
task and has just finished the work. The
book begins with the admonition of Jeffer
son in his first inaugural address, to bow
to the will of the majority. It gives the
platform recommended by the committee
on resolutions of the Chicago convention,
the speech of Mr. Bryan and the notifica
tion speeches and letter ol acceptance. In
the first chapter it lays down the funda
mental principlesot the Democratic party,
as expounded* by Thomas Jefferson, Wil
liam Allen of Ohio, Governor Seymour of
New York and William Jennings Bryan.
It devotes a hundred pages to the silver
question and the "crime of 1873."
Another chapter takes up Governor Mc-
Kinley's public record on the subject of
silver, Chinese immigration, th-; force bill
and his tariff law. Jefferson, Monroe and
Cleveland are quoted on tne Monroe doc
trine. A chapter on ti.e income tax gives
Bryan's speech in the House on that sub
ject, the report of the committee, Mr.
Wicke's speech, the dissenting opinions of
the chairman and Senator Vest's review
of the whole subject.
The book produces in full Mr. Bryan's
Labor day speech at Chicago. The volume
makes about 350 pages.
DEMOCRATIC COMFORTS.
Doubtful Western state* and. a Solid
South Claimed for Bryan-
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 23.— Hon. William
R. Morrison, chairman of the Interstate
Commerce Commission, held a conference
to-day with Chairman Jones of the Demo
cratic National Committee. Mr. Morrison
is giving his hearty support to the Bryan
and Sewall ticket, and might make some
speeches during the campaign.
Hn, Ruth E. Plumb, widow of the late
United States Senator from Kansas, sent
$50 to the campaign fund.
Mayor Thomas Taj;gart of Indianapolis
and a member of the State committee, re
ports that State safe for Bryan by 30.000
majority, and his estimate is agreed to by
Governor Matthews. A canvass of Mis
souri by the Democratic State Committee
is said to have resulted, according to (he
report of Chairman Cook, in tx showing
for Bryan carrying the State by 100,000.
The headquarters opinion is that fusion
1 with the Populists in Kentucky and North
Carolina removes any doubt of tue South
being solid for Bryan in Nov«mber, and
they claim the same result from fusion in
Illinois and Wyoming.
BISHOP McC ABE'S FIEWS.
Opposed to Free Silver and Hopes to See
McKinley Elected.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Sept. 23.— Bishop J.
B. McCabe, who has just concluded the
Methodist conference at Hastings, was
asked what effect the political contest was
having on the progress of the church and
said:
"The interests of the church are almost
identical with those of the Nation. I oe
lieve it would subserve the interests of the
church if McKinley should be elected. As
to the present campaign, I think the piat
form that has been adopted by the Demo
cratic party in the Chicago convention
very unwise. The assault upon Pr sident
Cleveland for that act of his administra
tion which showed him to be a patriot,
namely, the using of United States troops
to put down the rebellion in Chicago, is
unpatriotic in the extreme. The Gov
ernor of Illinois refused the State troops
for that purpose and the Mayor of Chi
cago was dilatory. The President arose
to the emergency and did the right thing."
Bishop McCabe said he was opposed to
free silver and he believed a majority of
the Methodist ministers also were.
UNION VETERANS PROTEST.
Recognize So Authority to Control or Diz
rect Their Votes.
LINCOLN, Nebe., Sept. 23.— At a meet
ing of the Veteran Soldiers' Bryan Club of
Lincoln the following resolution was to
day adopted:
Resolved, That while we respect our old com
rades and commanders. Generals Sigel, Sick
les and others, for their courage and valor, we
do not recognize their authority or wisdom in
their attempt to control or direct the votes of
those who inarched in the ranks, whose equal
valor and courage placed the wreaths ol laurel
upou the brows of their commanderß. We be
lieve that as citizens we are competent to de
cide for ourselves. Further, that we are more
loyal to the old flag than are those who con
sent to the control by foreign nations of our
finances.
THE "CRIME OF '78."
Senator Sherman Defends the Position
Taken by His Party.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept 23. — The
Cincinnati Post publishes to-day a letter
from Senator Sherman, emanating from
the National Republican campaign com
mittee, defending the position his party
took in the so-called "Crime of '73." Mr.
Sherman declares:
"I have never been able to see what
motive could have existed for secrecy in
this matter. There was no indication
whatever of the fall of silver and no one
could foresee that it was destined to rap
idly decline in price. No one asked to
have the dollar coined and no one was op
posed to its discontinuance.
"To prove that there was no secrecy and
not leave the matter to argument or in
lerence, copies of the bill were sent to ex
perts all over the country asking their
opinion, and answers were received and
laid before Congress in printed form, in
which the discontinuance of the silver
dollar was thoroughly discussed. The
bill was printed thirteen times and extra
copies were printed for distribution. It
was conned over, amended and debated
almost as copiously as any measure ever
considered in Congress, and no man in
either house proposed to retain the old
silver dollar. The fact that it was omit
ted from our coins was referred to in
debate."
NEBRASKA GOLD DEMOCRATS.
Will Hold a State Convention mnd Xoml-
note a full Ticket,
LINCOLN, Nebb., Sept. 23.— Nebraska
sound-money Democrats, contrary to ex
pectations, hold a State convention not
only for the selection of Palmer and
Buckner electors, but to nominate a full
State ticket and Congressmen. This van
the announcement made to-day by Tobias
Castor, late National Committeeman, and
D. W. Cook, member of the State Com
mittee. Omaha, October 1, is the place
and date given lor the convention.
A call was a.so issued to-day, signed by
C. M. Clark of Lincoln, for the middle-of
the-road Populist State convention at
Lincoln. Monday, September 28. This is
supposed to be in the interest of Watson
for Vice-President.
Soldier Orators at Madison, Wis.
MADISON, Wis., Sept. 23.— Generals
Sickels, Sigel and Howard, Governor Al
ger and Corporal Tanner, who are touring
the country, arrived here this morning-
They were tendered a reception by Gover
nor Upham from 9 to 10. An imposing
parade escorted the gentlemen to the
armory, wnere speeches were made. Sen
ator Vilas presided and introduced the
speakers. The party left here this after
noon and spoke at La Ciosse to-nigut.
fusion Arrangement* to Be Upset.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ikd., Sept. 23.—
Editor Charles X. Matthews of the Non
conformist, the National Populist organ,
returned to-day from St. Louis, where hfa
attended the conference of Populists. He
tells a very different story from National
Committeeman Washburn, who was also
present, and says that as a result of the
conference there will be no fusion in In
diana and the fusion agreement in Kansas
and Nebraska will be undone.
-Vo Fusion in Wyoming.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Sept. 23. — The
statement of National Chairman Marion
Butler that fusion on the electoral ticket
in Wyoming between Democrats and Pop
ulists had been effected is incorrect. The
State Democratic chairman, Blydenburgh,
states that negotiations are in progress lor
fusion on the basis of two Democrats and
one Populist elector, but no result has
been reached.
BAD LUCK OF THE PERRY
Loses a Number of Seamen and
Suffers Damage to Her
Machinery.
Ciptain Hooper's R ports of His S a
son's Operations in the Bering
Sea.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 23.— a re
port was received at the Treasury Depart
ment to-day from Captain C. L. Hooper,
in command of the Bering Sea fleet, dated
Unalaska, in which he says:
The Perry has been singularly unfortunate'
this season. In addition to her machinery
giving out, she lias lost a number of men. I
inclose herewith Captain Smith's recount of
the accidental death of seaman C. C. Moul- j
throp, who fell from the main truck to the
quarter deck of the Perry, on July 16, and was
Instantly killed. Moulthrop was the man who !
jumped overboard from the Perry at the risk
of his life and saved the lives of three of his
shipmates, in the early spring.
The cause of the accident was possible heart
trouble, brought on by the exertion of cli>nb
ing up to the main truck. Dr. Kieruiff in
formed me that the man was subject to slight
attacks of loss of mu.-cular power after over
exertion. Moulthrop was an American, a
native of Massachusetts. Captain S<mith will
communicate with his friends or'relatives, ill
the address of any such can be found among
his effects. He was buried at Unalaska, on
July 17, with military honors.
The death of this native is the subject of !
deep regret in the fleet. An effort is being i
made to raise money for a marole monument j
to his memory.
A later report, dated Unalaska, August
27, was also received from Captain Hooper
to-day, in which he says:
I forward by the Homer a report of the seiz
ure of the American schooner Jane Gray and
the Briti«h schooner Viva. The former goes '
to San Francisco and the latter has been or- i
dered to proceed to Victoria by the British
naval officer to whom she was turned over. I
send the Jane Gray to San Francisco because
it is her home port, and because it is more
convenient for our witnesses than Puget
Sound or Alaska. She has been seized so muny
times that she seems to have acquired the!
habit. I sent a report by the mail steamer up
to the 20th, and, with the exception of the
seizures, there is nothing new to report. The
season is an unusually windy one and poor for
sealing. The average catch to date is far be
low that of last year, and all agree that pelaeic
sealing is no longer a paying investment. Un
less other seizures are made, this is the last
chance to send mail before the season ends
and the fleet returns home.
WHEAT PRICES ADVANCE.
Rome and Foreign < , < Tend to
Strengthen- the Mark-t.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 23.— The price of
wheat, which advanced to-day, was at
tended by considerable excitement. From
the opening of the session until the final
trades were made the course was con
tinually higher. A few minor reactions
took place, but they indicated no abate
ment of the bullish sentiment. The
strong feeline which culminated in
to-day's flurry was ol some days' develop
ment.
The Northwest has been sending bullish
advices of the yield of spring wheat, ac
companied by reports of an improved de
mand for flour. Foreign markets have
been advancing, and the crops of Eu
ropean countries are in many instances
decid dly short.
Iv vi w of these facts the belief that the
world's supplies will be inadequate to the
consumption during the coming year finds
many adherents, wno nre determined to
profit by the situation. December wheat
opened this morning from 62% c to 63c
and advanced to 65c, the gain over yester
day being 2%c per bushel.
Royal Snort Prevented by Rain. """"
BALMORAL, Scotland, Sept. 23.— Rain
fell heavily here to-day, and the grouse
shooting trip of the Czar and the Prince
of Wales was postponed.
A GOLD MINE
GOES TO COURT
Four San Fraijciscans Sued
for Heavy Damages in
Boston.
REFUSED TO SELL STOCK
The Rawhide Mine of Tuolumne
County the One in Liti
gation.
CLAIMS OF AGENT PINNEY.
Plaint ffj Wanted to Take All the
Stock, Which Was Valued at
$1,500,000.
BOSTON, Mass, Bept 23.— The action
brought by Charle3 W. Norton of this city
against William A. Melville, William H.
Martin and John Ballard of San Francisco,
to recover $750,000 damages, was heard in
the equity session of the Superior Court
to-day by Judge Dunbar on a demurrer
which the defendants filed to the plain
tiff's declaration.
The suit is brought because of the re
fusal of defendants, who were the original
owners of what now constitutes the Raw
hide Gola Mining Company's property, in
Tuolumne County, California, to perform
a contiact which the plaintiff alleges he
made with them March 23, 1896, through
their agent, George M. Pinney, to buy the
full company stock of the gold mining
company, 100,000, for 11,500,000, at the rate
of $15 a share.
The plaintiff's agreement to purchase
the stock, it is set forth, was made with
Pinney in his name. Under this agree
ment the plaintiff was given the right to
take the entire stock at the rate of $15 a
share, or $1,500,000 for all the shares, by
paying the latter sum into the National
Bank of the Republic in this city, where
the certificates of stock were to be depos
ited in pursuance of a contract which the
defendants made with Pinney.
The Rawhide Gold Mining Company is
a West Virginia corporation. The de
fendants, as the owners of the property,
made an agreement with Pinney on Sep
tember 23, 1895, and a supplemental
agreement on September 30, 1895,
under which he was to act in
the relation of promoter to sell the
stock. He was to dispose of it for not less
than a minimum price, which was to be
fixed by the defendants, and for cash.
His contract retained him in this relation
to them for a year after it was made.
The defendants deposited certificates for
100,000 shares in the National Bank of the
Republic for Pinney to sell and fixed the
minimum price at which he was to sell
them at $15 a share, lie was to receive a
commission of 5 per cent. On March 23,
1896, he made the contract for the bread
of which the plaintiff sues, the defendants
having repudiated this contract on April
1, 1896.
The defendants' demurrer was argued
by the council, Mr. Solomon. Messrs.
Gaston & Snow appeared for the plaint
iff. The defendants contend that the
declaration does not make it appear that
Pinney was their agent to make the kind
of agreement which the plaintiff relies
upon.
They say it appears from their contract
with Pinney, which the plaintiff sets out,
that Pinney was authorized to sell the
stock only for cash. They further say
that the contract between Pinney and the
plaintiff does not purport to be made by
Pinney for them. They say also that the
declarations make it appear that the
plaintiff is able to perform his part of the
contract; that no tenders of money or
stock were made by the plaintiff.
REV. DR. BROWN AND BRIDE.
Fashionably Wedded Before a Large
, Boston Congregation — They Start
at Once for Oak/and.
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 23.— 1n • the
presence of a large and fashionable
audience at the Winthrop Congregational
Church, Charlestown, this evening, was
solemnized the marriage of Rev. Charles
IR. Brown and Miss Alice Tufts. The
I nuptial ceremony,' which was particularly
impressive, was performed by Rev. A. S.
; Twombly, D.D., of Newton. Every pew
I of the church was filled, and crowds lined
j the streets in front. The bride is the
accomplished daughter of George F.
Tufts, treasurer of the Warren Institution
for Savings. , ; - i
She has been prominent in church work
for several years, giving devoted attention
to charitable work ana other departments
of religious matter!!. The groom has
served in the pastorate of the Winthrop
Church for the past - four years. A few
weefs ago he resigned to accept a call to
the Ficsl Congregational Church in Oak
land, Cal. He came to Charlestown from
Cincinnati, . and . throughout his . fruitful
1 pastorate here has devoted himself en
tirely to the church. '"'..
: The bride was attired in white silk, en
train, and wore a long tulle veil. She car
ried a bouquet of white roses. Following
the marriage ceremony a reception was
held at the home of the bride on Oak
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Brown will leave to-mor
row for their future home in Oakland.
They have planned to visit Mr. Brown's
home in Washington, lowa, on the way,
staying there several days if ciicumstances
will permit. It is the intention of Mr.
and Mrs. Brown to enjoy an extended
wedding journey" through Egypt, Pales
tine and Europe, starting some time next
February. , : ■ ..,
»'
ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND.
Its Annual Reunion Opens With Recep
tions and an Vration.
ROCKFORD, 111.. Sept. 23 —The an
nual reunion of the Army of the Cumber
land opened here to-day with an attend
ance of several hundred people from all
parts of the country. Regimental re
unions and receptions to visitors occupied
most of the day.
At the business session in the morning
many letters ot regret were read from
prominent veterans who were detained
from coming by ill health and campaign
duties. General H. V. Boynton presented
the report on Chickamauga Park, be being
a member of the commission. This even
ing a general reunion was held at the
opera-house. General Stanley of Wash
ington delivered the principal oration.
No Scent About Armor Plata.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 23.— A Herald
Bpecial from Pittsburg says: The story
that the Russian Government had stolen
the secrets of the armor-plate business
and is now erecting a plant at Maripol to
make armor, is denied absolutely by the
officials of the company. Tney say that
there are no secrets in the process of mak
ing the armor-plate, and that full particu
lars of tne method have been printed.
The plant in Maripol was in existence long
before the Carneirie works began to make
armor-plate for Russia.
POUND BY A PHOTOGRAPH.
James Lansina Arrested for One Murder
and Held for Another Also.
BEATRICE, Nebr.. Sept. 23.— James L.
Lansing, better known as "Old Bob Stew
art," the man who in March, 1895, mur
dered Detective Moore of Denver, is under
arrest at this place, and is being carefully
guarded awaiting the arrival of Colorado
authorities who have been telegraphed.
Lansing, with two companions, was ar
rested last night on suspicion of the mur
der of City Marshal Craig at Table Rock
the.night before. They asserted their in
nocence, but were held. Lansing's photo
graph was in the possession of the police,
and it answered so perfectly ti at of the
Denver murderer that he was questioned
carefully and adinitteii that he killed
Moore, but claimed it was not murder.
T. F. P OWD ERLY DENOUNCED.
Narrowly Escaped Formal Censure by
th* Brotherhood of Carpenters.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 23.— At to
day's session of the Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners ex-General Master
Workman T. V, Powdorly of the Knights
of Labor narrowly escaped censure.
A resolution denouncing Powderly as a
traitor and an enemy to the working classes
was introduced. Its adoption was opposed
on the ground that favorable action on it
would be construed as party politics. The
delegates almost to a man expressed them
selves as favoring the resolution if it
would not embroil the brotherhood in pol
itics. It was finally decided by a majority
of five to lay the resolution on the table.
A Murderer in the Swamps
NEW ORLEANS, La., Sept 23.— Near
Amite City, La., this morning John John
son, a negro, brained with an ax
John Cotton and his wife. Johnson
attacked Miss Williams and Lizzie
Moller, after which he fled to the
swamps. It is stated that Johnson at
tempted to criminally assault Miss Moller.
If caught he will be lynched.
Springfield Gets the Sovereign Lodge.
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 23.— At the Odd
Fellows Sovereign Grand Lodge session
this morning the entire time was taken up
with the presentation of reports and reso
lutions and referring them to various com
mittees. The meeting-place for next year
was selected. Springfield was the success
ful candidate. The Grand Lodge adjourned
at 2 o'clock until to-morrow.
Wrecked on a Southern Coa*t.
CAPE HENRY, Va., Sept. 2a— The
Clyde line passeneer steamer Frederick de
Barry, from New York to Jacksonville,
was wrecked at 7 o'clock this morning at
KittyhawK, N. C. The crew of seventeen
were taken off by life-savers. There were
no passengors or cargo aboard. The vessel
wiil be a total loss.
One Killed, One Arrested.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Sept 23.— The A. B.
Hull Company's wholesale grocery estab
lishment was burned this morning. Loss,
$45,000. Fireman Frank McStay fell forty
feet through an open grating and was
killed. James McNally, a former em
ploye of the firm, is under arrest, charged
with tiring the building.
Edson Keith's Body Pound.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 23.— The body of
Edson Keith, tne Chicago capitalist and
business man whose suicide was an
nounced yesterday, was found at noon to
day by officers searching in the lake at
Sixteenth street.
NEW TO-DAY.
iff M tn / ' '
TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION PRICES.
. I don't often speak through the newspapers,
•but when I DO I say something worth hearing.
Now I've got $25,000 worth of Men's Fall and
Winter Clothing that I'm going to sell right away.
These goods are portions of the stocks of S. J. Na-
than's Sons, N. V., Lesser Bros., NY., and Sinse-
heimer, Levison & Co., N. V. — not second-hand
Auction stuff, but good standard garments.
I bought them at auction Greenebaum &
Co., the Auctioneers, in the dead of Summer when
the goods were not in demand and when buyers
were few and far between. They were knocked
down to me for a fraction of their real value be-
cause I had the cash — and cash TALKS nowadays.
That's why I can price these goods at these remark-
able figures now when they are right in season.
Yes, I know all about the "fakes," but seeing
is believing ; and besides, I'll refund your money
if you're not satisfied.
MEN'S BLACK SUITS, Single and Double Breasted...... $3.75.
MEN'S ALL-WOOL SUITS IN M1XTURE5..:.......................... 5.00
MEN'S GENUINE BLACK UNFINISHED W0R5TED5......:.......... 6.50
MEN'S TROUSERS .85.
MEN'S TROUSERS (MARYSVILLE CASSIMERE).... 1.65
MEN'S OVERCOATS 1.73
MEN'S OVERCOATS V BLACK BEAVER, CASSIMERE L1NED)...... 4.00
MEN'S OVERCOATS (ALL-WOOL KERSEYS, SATIN 8ACK)........ 7.50
COME IN
WITH THE TIDE TO
LYONS
THE CLOTHIER,
712=714 MARKET STREET,
NEXT DOOR TO "CALL" OFFICE.
TURKS YET DRINK
ARMENIAN BLOOD
Five Thousand More Help
less People Killed in
a Week.
POWERS MAY AWAKEN.
The French Foreign Minister
Negotiating a Termination
of Atrocities.
RESOLUTION TO THE SULTAN.
Further Outrages ia Arm nia Are
Exp cted by the Eid of This
Month.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 23.— The Con
stantinople correspondent of the Berlin
Tageblatt telegraphs that he has received
private reports stating that tne number of
persons killed in the disorders in the inte
rior of Armenia a week ago numbered
nearly 5000. *
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 23.— The Daily
Graphic will to-morrow publish a dia
patch from its Paris correspondent claim
ing that he has authority for the state
ment that M. Hanotaux, the French
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has initiated
urgent negotiations, with the object of
effecting a speedy settlement of the TurK
ish question by France, England and
Russia.
lheie is strong reason to believe, the
correspondent declares, that the respect
ive diplomatic representatives of the three
powers in Constantinople will within a
few days communicate a decisive resolu
tion to the Sultan.
John Lowles, a member of the House of
Commons for the Hagerstown Division of
Shoreditch, has written a letter to the
Daily News in which he asserts that the
remarks made by him at the meeting held
in Shoreditch on the evening of the 21st
inst., to protest against the massacre of
Christians by Turks, were incorrectly re
ported.
Lowles declares that he did not state
that he was authorized Dy the Foreign
Office to say that Great Britain was con
fronted by an arrangement between the
three powers; that if she attacked Turkey
upon any excuse or pretext, she would
have to face that combination; and that
if she fired a single shot or took action
aione it wonld mean that at that moment
there would be a European war.
A dispatch from Sofia says that Arme
nian refugees, who have arrived in Bulga
ria, announce that further Armenian out
rages may be expected to occur on
September 30. It is a noteworthy fact
that a similar statement is contained in a
Turkish official telegram.
34
POLITICS WEST
OF THE DIVIDE
Santa Clara Democrats and
Populists Combine on
Nominees.
BIDDLE FOR SENATOR.
Cator Gets Two of the Three
Fusion Candidates for
the Assembly. .
THE CAMPAIGN IN MENDOCINO.
Republicans Are Active Throughout
the County— Rallies in Many
Towns.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 23.— The Demo
cratic and Populist county conventions
met In this city to-day. Victor Scheller
was chairman of the former and E. E.
Cothran presided over the latter. Fusion
was agreed upon, the Populists getting
one Superior Judge and two out of the
three Assemblymen. Tbe ticket as agreed
upon is as follows:
Superior Judges— M. H. Hyland (D.), J. P.
Welch (Hop.)-
Senator Thirty-first District— Noble T. Biddle
CD.).
Assemblyman Fifty-fourth District— E. C.
Hurlbert (Pop.); Fifty-fifth District, C. M.Sul
livan (Pop.); Fifty-sixth District, J. J. Mc-
Laurin (D.).
Supervisors— Second District, J. W. Walthall
(I).); Third District, F. W. Moore (D.); Fifth
District, J. \Y. Bubb (D.).
Joseph R. King was nominated for City
Justice, and the law as to whether that
position is a county office and holds for
lour years will be tested.
MENDOCINO POLITICS
Republican* Waging an Aggressive Cam-
pnign Throughout the County.
MENDOCINO, Cal., Sept. Mendo
cino County has during the past few
weeks placed itself on record as being
strongly in favor of \\ illiam MeKinley
and protection — protection to American
industries and protection to American
labor. The Hon. J. W. Johnston, late of
Nebraska, and Hon. George A. Sturtevant
of Ukiah have been making a campaign
tour of this county, speaking in every
town and cross roads. They have met
with the most fluttering reception in all
the towns along their route. Men,
women and children are showing the
greatest interest in the great questions
that are being discussed.
Mr. Sturtevant speaks on finance and
Mr. Johnston on protection and other is
sues. Both are forcible and logical speak
ers, who understand their subjects per
fectly and present strong argument?,
backed by Government statistics. Re
cently they spoke in this place to the
largest and most enthusiastic audience
ever gathered here. Teams from adjoin
ing towns began to arrive oefoie 7 o'clock,
coming as far as fifteen miles, loaded with
voters. Cheer upon cheer was given for
McKinley, Hobart and protection as they
drove into and through the town.
At 7:30 o'clock the streets were lined
with people following the largest torch
light procession ever formed in Mendocino
County, headed by the Mendocino Brass
Band and McKinley clubs marching and
countermarching through the streets to
the Odd Fellows' new hall, one of tha
largest outside of San Francisco. Many
of the houses along the line of march were
beautifully illuminated. «.'.; » ,
The platform was occupied by many of
the leading citizens of the county. Dr. J.
W. Milliken, acting as chairman, intro
duced the speakers in a very plain and
concise statement of the position of the
Republican party, claiming that the pres
ent campaign and election was the most
important since 1860, when the loyal Dem
ocrats joined the Republican party to save
the Union. .. -
Mendocino County will give the largest
Republican vote ever polled in the county,
as the voters realize the fact that all of our
industries need protection.
♦
SANTA ROSA KILLY
Republican Demonstration Arranged for
Saturday Evening.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 23.— At a
meeting of the MeKinley and Hobart Club
of this city last night Albert G. Burnett,
nominee for Superior Judge, tendered his
resignation as chairman and Major C.
Fountain was unanimously selected to
succeed him. A committee was appointed
to arrange for the reception of Senator
George C. Perkins and Hon. W. R. Davis
on Saturday night, when one of the big
demonstrations of the campaign will take
vlace.
Somers R. Fulton, chairman of the
finance committee, reported to the club
that no difiiculty was encountered in get
ting funds, and that the number of liberal
Republicans willing to contribute $5 or $10
to the good cause made his work exceed-
Inely pleasant and easy.
Hon. J. A. Barhani and Hon. W. R.
Davis have arranged to address the people
of Healdsburg on Wednesday evening,
September 30, and the people of that pa
triotic burg are already making arrange
ments for a rousing reception.
CAMPAIGN IS WOODLAND
Republicans, Hemoernta rtnd Equal Suf
iiagista to Hold Meetings.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 23.-^The Re
publican campaign will be formally opened
in this county next Tuesday, when a rati
fication meeting will be held in Armory
Hall. During the day the County Con
vention will be held and nominations
made for the Assembly, Superior Judge
and three Supervisors. At. the evening
session D. E. McKinlay, a candidate for
Presidential elector, will be the principal
speaker. Tue McKinley and Hobart Club
met to-night and appointed Judge Ruggles
and H.C. Howard to complete the neces
sary arrangements. The club is Pteadily
growing and now num bers several hundred
active workers.
The woman suffragists will also open
their campaign next week. Mrs. Carrie
Cbapman-Cau has been engaged to deliver
an address at the mass-meeting on Tues
day evening.
Hon. Eugene Deuprey of San Francisco
will speak for the Democrats next Satur
day evening.
SAN ANDREAS WILLY.
Cougre*aman Johnaon Speaks at a Re
publican Gathering.
SAN ANDREAS, Cal., Sept. 29.— The
reception given Hon. Grove L. Johnson by
the Republicans of San Andreas to-nijrht
was enthusiastic Metropolitan Hall was
crowded to overflowing. On introducing
the speaker Chairman E. F. Floyd made
eloquent reference to Mr. Johnson's un
paralleled record during his maiden term
in Congress, which elicited enthusiastic
applause from the audience. Johnson's
argument lasted two hours and was a
masterly presentation of the principles of
protection as the only measure of relief j
for the country and the only one by which j
the Government, if at all, could niaiutain
free coinage of silver. The speaker ex- j
plained bis position on the raiiroad fund
ing bill and why the measure before the
last Congress embodied the only true busi
ness method for securing payment of the
debt due the Government.
Mr. Johnson's reference to his course as
regards the minerai land Dill was greeted
with hearty applause. It was followed by
an eloquent appeal to the voters to disre
gard ail theories and guesswork doctrines,
and stand by the long tried and sound <
principle of protection to American indus- i
tries. The strong «tand taken by the
speaker in the question of checking foreign i
immigration as a necessary adjunct to tha j
doctrine of protection to American labor ,
was cheered to the echo, aud was one of
the many telling points scored in his argu
ment.
T.os Angeles Campaign Com*nitteea.
LOS ANGELES, Cal , Sept. 23.— The
Republican County Central Committee
and the auxiliary committee met this fore
noon in executive session in the Westmin
ster Hotel and appointed committees as
follows:
Law committee— Henry T. Gage, chairman;
J. K. Finlayson, J. C Rives, K. C. Ueuio, Leou
P. Moss.
Canvass and challenge committee— J. W.
Vaughn, chairman; \V. 11. Cook, Wilbur C
Dow, J. B. .Neville, A. H. Naftzger.
Finance committee— Major \V. H. Bonesall,
chairman ; C. E. Bonnatin, Howard Lonsley,
John 8. Cox, 0. K. Slosson.
Printing aud ad vertiiiug committee—Colonel
J. B. Neville, chairman; \V. K. Sargent, A. J.
Gwyiin, J. W. .'-pringlield.
Election day committee— W. H. Cook, chair
man ; Fred \V. Wood, Wilbur O. Dow, A. H.
Naltzger, George L. Arnold.
Tbe resignation of W. E. Drnmmond of
the Sixty-sixth Precinct as a member of
the executive committee was accepted,
and Georee L. Arnold was elected to Jill
the vacancy.
♦
San JHtgo'a Mayor's Scheme.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 23.— Mayor
Carlson sent a novel communication lo the
council last night. A resolution had been
introduced strongly criticising the Mayor
"for cavorting around over the country,"
and the Mayor replies to it setting forth
bis plans if elected a Congressman.
He bases his plea for support on a bill
he proposes to introduce in Congress, pro
viding for the expenditure of $500,000,000
in the erection of Government buildings
at every county seat in the Nation. To
pay for this the Government is to issue
"public improvement scrip," which will
be met with money saved from rental.
The resolution criticising the Mayor has
not yet come to a vote.
Fusion Completed, in tits Seventh.
MODESTO, Cal., Sept. 23.— The Demo
cratic Congressional committee of the
Seventh District met here this morning
and nominated C. H. Castle of Merced for
Congress from this district. This is In
accordance with the agreement at the joint
convention at Merced on Monday evening.
L. W. Fuleerth and P. H. Griffin, mem
bers of the committee, left on tha noon
train for Sacramento to Hie the nomina
tion with the Secretary of State, as re
quired by law.
Stormy Convention at Colusa.
COLUSA, Cal., Sept. 23.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met here this
afternoon and after one of the stormiest
meetings ever held in the county elected
delegates to represent the county in the
joint convention to be held at Bartletl
Springs on September 26 to select a candi
date fur Assemblyman to represent Colnsa,
Glenn and Lake counties. Anew central
commwtee was also elected with Robert
Cosner as chairman, W. T. Seville secre
tary and J. W. Goad treasurer.
( rundallviUe's McKinley Club.
CRANDALLVILLE, Cal., Sept23.— Tne
Republicans of Crandaliville have organ
ized a McK inley club with a good mem
bership. The officers are: President, F. L.
Donohoo; vice-president, M. Richmond;
secretary, Bert Thorndyke; treasurer, A.
F. Mausiield. After tne organization of
the club the meeting was addressed by
Hon. H. V. Morehouse, candidate for Sen
ator in trie Thirty-first District
lially at Angela Catnp.
ANGELS CAMP, Cal., Sept. 23.— The
most enthusiastic and intelligent gather
ing that has assembled Cere during the
campaign listened to the logical address
of Hon. Grove L. Johnson, the Republican
nominee for Congress in the Second Dis
trict, at Dolling's Hall last evening. The
meeting was called to order by Lewis J.
Hutchinsoii. Mr. Johnson delivered a bril
liant address.
Stiffrugiat* at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 23.—Metro
politan Theater was packed from floor to
:tomc to-night with an audience gathered
to listen to the exponents of the Toman's
suffrage question. The speakers were
Miss Anthony and Mrs. Carrie Chapman-
Catt. The latter, a most eloquent and
earnest speaker, frequently brought forth
hearty rounds of applause.
Hera an Jietioininuted at /tanta Rota.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 23.— The
Democrafc County Central Committee
met in this city to-day and renominated J.
W. K<segan. the Populist nominee, for As
semblyman. This second nomination was
deemed necessary for fear that the in
dorsement of K»egan by the executive
committee would not prove legal.
Seattle's Gold Itentocralt.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 23.— Seattle's
gold standard Democrats met in conven
tion this afternoon and named thirty del
egates from King County to the Sound
money Democratic State Convention, to
be held at TaconicPou September 26 to
place an electoral ticket in the held.
George Donworth presided.
Itentocratie Speakera at Colusa.
COLUSA, Cal., Sept. 23.— The Demo
cratic campaign was formally opened here
to-night by Hon. Warren B. English, the
Democratic and Populist nominee for
Congress, and the Populist leader, J. L.
Gilbert of Fresno. Armory Hall was
tilled to overflowing.
Paclfic Grove Primaries.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 23.— At
the Democratic primaries to-day lor the
election of delegates to represent Pacfic
Grce in the county convention in Salinas
on September 28 E. B. Gross, T. W. Cook
and C. W. Cole were chosen.
PORT ANGELES DESERTIONS.
Twenty Men Leave the United States Cruiser
Philadelphia and Are Not
Recaptured.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Sept. 23.-
The disbanding of the naval fleet at pres
ent concentrated at Port Angeles for
maneuvering will occur at an early date.
All but two of the vessels will return to
Mare Island, the exceptions being the
Bennington and the MonadnocK, which
are scheduled to spend a couple of weeks
here before leaving the Sound. The
mobilization has been beneficial in thor
oughly drilling the men, but disastrous as
regards dasertions, twenty men having
recently left the Philadelphia in a body.
Owing to the ruggedness of the country
about Port Angeles, it is extremely dim
cult to capture deserters.
Vancouver'a Aew Factory.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept. 23.— A fac
tory is to be erected in Vancouver for sup
plying all the canners in the talraon in
dustry in British Columbia with cans. As
la tue case with almost every big project
of late, San Francisco capital is building
the factory. The capital stock of the com
pany is $300,000; $85,000 worth of stock has
been taken.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 124, 1896.
MAY NOT BE THE
NAPA MURDERER
William Moore's Story Is
Discredited at Los
Angeles.
ACTS AS THOUGH CRAZY
His Confession May Bj Only the
Fiction of a Diseased
Brain.
CAPTAIN GREENWOOD DOUBTS
Inclined to Disbelieve That the Saver
of His Wife Has Been
Captured.
Los Angeles Office of The Call,)
gijgg 328 South Broadway, V
Los Akgelks, Cal., Sept. 23.)
Sheriff Burr left here this afternoon for
i Napa, bavins; in charge William Moore,
I alias Crum, alias Daley, the self-confessed
j murderer of Mrs. Greenwood, in Napa, on
] February 9, 1891. Moore, or Crum, is a
: queer specimen of humanity, as' far as
i appearance goes. He loots the veritable
! hobo and has the stare of a maniac His
j "voluntary confession" is likely to turn
' out a hoax after all. Protracted drinking
has about done its fatal work with Moore.
To a Call correspondent the prisoner
\ talked in anything but a rational manner
I to-day. He would first deny and then
I confirm former statements attributed to
him in such rapid succession that nothing
1 could be made of his answers. He de
clared over and over again that he killed
I Mrs. Greenwood, and that Schmidt had
I nothing to do with it. He insists that the
■ newspapers have lied about him out*
• rageously, and during the conversation
; came very nearly telling Sheriff Burr that
he had mixed things up in his talk to the
press.
It may turn out that; Moore is a barm
less idiot, crazed by the use of too much
bad liquor.
GREENWOOD IS SCEPTICAL
Honors That the Murderer of His Wife la
in Prison.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 23.— Captain
John Greenwood was to-day shown the
statement of William Moore, who says he |
| killed the captain's wife. Mrs. Greenwood,
;on the night of February 9, 1891. Captain
! Greenwood doubts trie statement. He is
i quite certain of being able to identify tr.e
person if he has an opportunity of seeing
him. It is his* sincere hope that if Moore
I is the man that he claims to be he will be
tried and properly dealt with according to
law.
Captain Greenwood returned to . his
ranch this evening. As soon as the self
confessed murderer is brought to Napa he
will go there to identify him. The features
of the man are indelibly imprinted upon
his mind, and he thinks there will be no
likelihood of failure in identifying the
man who committed tbe crime if he has
really been captured.
Tulare County'a Wealth.
VISALIA, Cal., Sapi. 23.— Following is
the corrected list of taxable property in
Tulare County since the valuations were
changed by the Board of Equalization:
Number of acres ' 1,407,756
Value of real estate nthtr tbaa city and
town lots $10,478,'Jir.
Value of improvements thereon. 997,077
Value of city and town lots 760,171
Value of Improvements thereon. 3,015,1 in
Value of personal property, exclusive
of money and solvent crcillts.. 1,874.018
Amount of money and solvent credits.. 11tf,506
Deductions on account of mortgages, etc. .1,4121.988
Total value of all property after de
ductions../.....'...*-.................f 14.741,
The railroad valuation is segregated as
follows: ,
Southern Pacific Company. 91.094.4 42
Central Fact He Company 299,218
Pullman Palace Car Company 4,025
Total $1,228,685
Grand t0ta1.....! ¥15,¥70,280
- ♦— ■
Power for Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 23.— The
Capital Gas Company of Sacramento has
made an alliance with the South Yuba
Water Company which gives the citizens
of Sacramento the advantage of an elec
tric supply from two water sources. This
news hits just leaked out here and has
caused quite a flutter in commercial and
financial circles. It is a great coup on the
part of the Capital Gas Company.
From Vancouver to Jtoisland.
VANCOUVER, B. C, oept. 23. — The
Vancouver Eastern Railway Company is
projecting a road in almost a straight line
to Rossland and Trail, tapping a rich but
at present almost inaccessable mining
country. The completion of the project
will bring the famous mines of the interior
close to the const, and the company hopes
to secure for Vancouver smelters the ore
now going to the States.
dull am Official* Xarrotr En cape.
PORT TOWNSKND, Wash., Sept. 23.-
While returning from ar. official trip to
East Clallam on Sunday County Surveyor
E. A. Fitzhenry of Clitllam County barely
escaped with his life from a falling tree,
which smashed the pommel of his saddle
and broke the neck of the horse he was
riding. The force of the blow drove Fitz
henry into the air as though shot from a
catapult. He escaped uninjured.
Mend Captured at Hartford.
SAN DIEQO, Cal., Sept. 23.— William
Mead, who escaped from Detective Ells
worth at Nevrport Landing, near Los An
geles, six weeks ago, while being taken to
San Quentin to serve three years for grand
larccnv, was captured at Hanlord by
Sheriff Buckner of King County two day«>
ago. Mead is now in the custody "of
Deputy Sheriff Jennings on tue way to
State prison.
Claltam County Forest Fires.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Sept. 23 —
Fierce forest fires areagrain reported in the
interior of Clallam County, where many
settlers have been le^t homeless by the
flair es. The fires are believed to have been
of i: oendiary origin, aad settlers are organ
izing vigilante parties to discover tbe
idertity of the miscreants.
m
i JVrtc Student* at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVKRSITY, Cal., Sept.
23.-jDr. Elliott, the registrar, has just
completed his final calculation on this
yea»|s registration. He finds that there
are :in the freshman class 332, of which
number 118 are co-eds. There are thirty
morn new students than there were in last
year's freshman clase at this time.'
Vatadena'a Popular Institute,
PASADENA, Cal., Sept. 23.— Throop
Polytechnic Institute opened to-aay with
students enrolled from several States and
a much larger attendance than was pre
dicted. The large number of instructors
were kept very busy enrolling newcomers.
The institution is earning an excellent
reputation for thorough work.
Santa Barbara Foreclosure Suit.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat., Sept 23.—
Pedro Baron has instituted a suit against
Zacharie Dcv Fonnereau, both as heir and
executor of the will of Thomas Claude
Fonnereau. lat« of Santa Ynez, to recover
the sum of $3000 and to foreclose a mort
gage upon certain lands in trie vicinity of
the College Rancno.
Steamer Zinc to Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 23.—In
formation has been received here that the
British India Steam Navigation Company
of London will establish a line between
New Zealand and Vancouver. The first
steamer, the Avonca, will leave New Zea
land in about fifteen days.
Failure at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., SepU 23.— The
Santa Cruz Ice Company, composed of C.
Huyck, L. R. Huyck and J. T. Huyok,
failed to-day. The liabilities are $4000;
tbe assets, principally real estate, about
$2000, and difficult to realize upon.
Held for Trial at Ramona.
RAMONA, Cal., Sept 23.— Ed Cleven
ger, who stabbed his employer, W. J.
Warner, several times in the bo<2y during
a quarrel, was held for trial in the Supe
rior Court, with bail fixed at $2000.
San Diego' a Jiaiain Crop.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 23.— Raisin
picking began this week in various parts
of tne county, with prospects for a rather
light crop as compared with former years.
Foimii Dead at Capay.
"SVOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 23.— J. L. Mc-
Guire, an old resident of Capay, was
found dead in his cabin to-day by his em
ployer, Peter Launer.
SLAUGHTER OF SPANIARDS.
Eighty-Seven Soldiers Surprised by
Cubans, and Only Five Escape to
Tell the Tale.
KEY WEST, Fla., Sept. 23.— Advices
from Havana to-night etate that- on Mon
day eighty-seven volunteers and regulars
| started from Havana for Calabazar, about
I eight miles troni Havana.
Tuesday five of the eighty-seven re
turned ana reported tha killing .of the
others. Shortly before reaching Calaba
zar they were surprised by th« insurgents
and charged by them. The captain ot the
Spaniards was killed, his head having
| been cut off.
Hubert de Bianck, professor in the Con
servatory of Music in Havana, who was
lately arrested as a suspect and released
yesterday, came to this city to-night on
the steamer.
The newly appointed captain of police
in Havana is causing a reign of terror.
Prisoners are nightly taken out and
slaughtered. This rnorrrtng at 7 o'clock
five prisoners were executed, two garroted
and three shot.
About 2000 people, men and women, wit
nessed the executions. They were mostly
Spanish officers and their wives.
Gonzales Lanuda, Ignaclo Lama and
Alfredo Zayas, who were arrested about
eighteen days ago, were sent to Chalirina
yesterday without trial.
Two small boys were recently arrested
in Havana for having dynamite in their
possession and was sentenced to twenty
years. Yesterday they were released and
ordered to leave the island.
TYNAN TO BE RELEASED
Scotland lard Officials Will Sot Demand
Mia Extradition. ~| ■•:
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 23.— The Post to
morrow will publish a dispatch from Paris
saying that despite the statements to the
contrary the British Embassy, in Paris,
through which demands for the extradi
tion of prisoners pass as a rale, has re
ceived no demands for the extradition of
Tynan, the Irish Invincible, recently ar
rested in Boulogne. It is stated that in
view of the certainty that a demand for
Tynan's extradition would be refused by
the French Government his surrender to
the British authoritias will not be asked
for and that the prisoner will be released
at the request of the Scotland Yard offi
cials. It is further asserted that the Dub
lin police are answerable for the false
position in which England has been
placed.
*
FAY TEMPLETON MINNING.
Ht-lieveJ to Hare Eloped With a Rich
young I'hiladelphian.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Sept. 23.— Fay
Templeton, the well-known actress, has
disappeared. It is said she has eloped
with a young man named Brown, who is
said to be related to a wealthy Philadel
phia family. Miss Templeton was joined
by Brown at Springfield, Mass., Saturday
afternoon, when she shipped her trunks
to Montreal. Since then nothing has been
heard of her. It is believed Miss Temple
ton has gone to Europe with young Brown
DERVISHES ON THE SUN.
They Evacuate ltongola Be far* the Ad
vance of the, English! ;
LONDON, Eno., Sept. General Sir
11. 11. Kitchener, commander of the
Anglo- Egyptian expedition ; into the Sou
dan, has telegraphed to the Foreign Office
that he has definitely occupied Dongola,
and that the dervishes have evacuated
that province. ,• .
A number of dervishes have surrendered
to the Egyptian troops, and a large quan
tity of stores and munitions of war have
been captured from the enemy. ; '
♦ '.■''.. . .
SHOT FROM AMBUSH.
I Fate of Three. Men Who Attempted to
Jjeare Havana.
HAVANA, Cuba, , Sept. 23.— A detach
ment of local military and a squad of
police to-day laid in ambush In the out
skirts of the city and killed three men
who were attempting to leave the country.
It is announced that the rebel leader
Ramierez, with eight of his followers, has
surrendered at Ceranz.
•
Xeir Italian Crulxer Launched.
ROME, Italy, Sept. 23.— The new Italian
cruiser Carlo Albert was launched at La
Spezia to-day in the presence of King
Humbert and a large assemblage of dis
tinguished persons. The launching was
conducted with great ceremony. The new
cruiser is 105 meters in length and 18
meters in width. Her engines will be
13,000 horse-power.
,' ■ ; ■.'. '•■ . ■ ♦ ■ ■
festelm Stormbound in England.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Sept. 23.— A heavy
gale prevailed on the Irish coast to-day.
The storm was so severe that the White
Star line steamer Teutonic, which was to
have sailed for New York to-day, was pre
vented from leaving tbe Mersey on either
of the tides. Many local steamers, as well
as foreign going vessels, are utormbonnd
here.
■A. Celebrated trench Tenor Dead.
PAKIS, Frasce, Sept. 23. — Gilbert
Louis Duprez, the celebrated French tenor,
died at Passey to-day. He was 89 years of
age.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CHILDREN'S DAY
AT EUREKA'S FAIR
Little Tots Gather From
Far and Near to See
the Exhibits.
CONTESTS OF CYCLERS.
Stark of Ferndale Easily Wins
the Two-Mile Professional
Handicap.
HIS CASH PEIZB WITHHELD.
The Rider Believed to Be Under
League Suspension— Terrill Takes
the Mile Open.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 23.— This was
county school children's day at toe fair,
and provided with free-admission tickets
they Hocked into town from all parts of
the conntv. bringing their parents with
ibem. The early trains were so crowded
that it became necessary to make extra
trips after the waiting crowds clustered
about the small stopping places along the
route.
By noon the excursionists were all in
town, and preparations were begun tor the
afternoon's sport. Those who did not go
to the races went to the pavilion, hoping
to secure a good look at the exhibits before
the throng began to surge in in the
evening.
The afternoon bicycle races were held at
South Park, and long before the time for
the races to begin, the grand stands were
crowded. Fully 2500 people witnessed ihe
events.
The race were all hotly contested, with
the exception of one, and that A. V.
Starfce of Ferndale won hands down. He
is a new man here and was given 300 yards
handicap in the two-mile professional
race. His record is being looked into, for
it is believed he is still on the suspended
l?st of the L. A. W. fending the investi
gation his prize of $50 has been withheld.
In the one-mile professional Allan Jones
and Roma Dow had a mixup, in which
both were thrown from their wheels, but
not seriously injured. The summary fol
lows:
Half a mile scraicli, amateur — R. Olman
won, F. iiauck second, A. 11. McNulty third.
Time, 1:20 1-5.
Mile open, professional— W. A. Terrill won,
R. L. Long second, D. K. Whitman third.
Time, 2:53.
ilile handicap, amateur-A. H. McNulty (90)
won, F. Hauck ('25) second. Time, 2:21.
Mile scratch, professional— H. F. Tcrrill won,
D. E. Whitman second. TTI.I IT
Two-mile handicap, amateur— A. 11. Mc-
Xnlty (175) won, F. Hauck(so) second. Time,
5:081-5.
Two-mile handicap, professional— A. V.
Starke (3UO) won, D. E. Whitman (75) second,
R. E. Dow (110) third. Time, 4:43 3-5.
Not since the fair was opened has
so large a crowd been in attendance aa at
to-night's band concert at the pavilion.
Fully 2000 people attended.
STOCKTON'S DOG SHOW.
Prizea Awarded to the Cwnera of High-
Class Canines.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Sept. 2a— The bench
show opened this afternoon. Many of
the San Francisco entries were late in
arriving, as the cld-hne boat ran on a
sand bar and did not land tbe dogs irom
the metropolis until nearly noon. In
consequence the real opening was held to
night, and the bench show proved to be
the event of the fair week. The best dogs
in the West have been sent to Stockton,
and even the greatest of dog cranks is
satisfied at the success of the show. In
every class prize-winners in other bench
shows have been entered, and tne whole
affair is highly creditable to the manage
ment. As a social success the bench
show was one of the first water, for people
who never think of attending other affairs
were present in large numbers to-night,
and the only unfavorable comment was
on the lack of space apportioned to the
bench-show committee.
J. Otis Fellows did not arrive until this
afternoon. With one or two exceptions
his judging met with approval. The
awards were as follows*
Mastiffs, open, dogs— A. F. N'alier, Stockton,
Bob, first; Henry Gross, Stockton, Grovo G,
second.
MuMiffs, open, females— Mrs. J. P. Norman,
San Francisco, Lola, first; A. F. Naher, Stock
ton, Babe, second.
Mastiffs, puppies, females — Mrs. J. P. Nor
man, Robin Montez, Juan Montez and Don
Montez, each second, no first.
St. Bernards, challenge, dogs — There was
only one entry In this class, the famous Grand
Master, and bo was cheered when the b.ue
ribbon was awarded to him.
St. Bernards, open, dogs— Harry B. Corbeti's
Tammany first, Dr. A. Miles' Taylor second,
Miss M. B. McGanney's Lord Hualpa third,
Mazzini Bros.' fluto highly commended, Franz
Kiev's Tell reserved.
St. Bernard, rough-coated, open, females—
Mm Marie laber's Victoria Alton first, T. J.
Trainer's Bohemian tiln second, Hu«h Mc-
Crackeu's Empress Juno third, Humboldt ken
nel's Florence reserved.
St. Bernard, novice - Dogs, Thomas H
Brown's Harold of Navarre first; females
Joseph Moll's O.ive first.
St. Bernards, roush-coated, puppie«— Dojrs
Dr.W. R. Cluness Jr.'s Keglov Jr. first; females'
Hugh McCracten's Erma first.
Si. Bernards, smooth-coated, dogs— Thomas
11. Brown's Viutor Watch first, T. H. Bushnell's
Le Prince Jr. second, Franz Frey's Hector ot"
Hanenstoin third, Dr. F. P. Clark's King C
very highly commended.
St. Bernard, female*, smooth coated
Mozzini Bros.' Vienna first.
Pupplet— Sanford L. Goldstein's Nero XIII
nrst.
Great Daves. dogs— J. L. Cunningham's Ivan
fir*t, 11. E. Plummer's Major second, Ed F.
Haas* Rex H third.
Females— A. E. Culver's Orchard Trilby first,
Cunningham's Juanita second.
Bloodhounds— Culver's Buckshot 11, first.
American foxhounds, dogs— W. L. Prather
Jr.'s Sport first, L. larrifran's Frisco second.
Females— Prat her's Bell first, Carrigan'a
Flossie M second.
Puppies, doßg— Prather's Brilliant first.
Puppies, females — Prather's Thslmu first.
Newfoundland— C V. Salix, Stockton, Carlo,
flnrt; Mrs. Pellegrini, Stockton, Moro. second;
H. C. Palmer, Stockton, Nemo P, third.
DOOLAN'S EAR FOR MUSIC
It Doesn't Suit Hinrichs, Leader
of the Exposition
Band.
Military men ana military music pre
dominated at the Home Product Exposi
tion last evening. The attendance was
up to tbe average. During the afternoon
the Pavilion was turned over to the chil
dren of the public schools and their teach
ers.
The Knigbts of Pythias will attend the
fair this evening la full uniform.
Proud mothers, are getting their babies
in order for Babies' day, Saturday after
noon. Twelve valuable prizes will be given
for infants "possessing special merits. A
board of lady judges will bo selected.
There is a clash of authority between
the.nianugement of the institute and Gus
tav Hinrich, the leader of the orchestra.
It is believed to have been started on what
was called Irish night.
The leader was requested to play a num
ber of Irish melodies, but is said to have
ignored the request and selected instead a
few, Irish pieces that have lon outlived
! any interest. Then came German or
| Wagner night and bet one of the great
composer's productions; was rendered,
much to the annoyance of the manage
ment and the disgust of the attendance,
which was largely German.
The last straw was placed on French
night. Leader Hinricns was asked to
render a waltz specially composed by
Mile. Ilelene Thirion and dedicated to the
Native Sons and Daughters of French par
entage. It was entitled "En Flirtant."
Leader Hinrichs refused to play it.
Doolan Hew into a rage and expressed his
opinion of the situation in very forcible
language, and the male members of the
French colony took Leader Hinrichs'
action as an affront. It is said that several
of the lady composer's admirers will call
Leader Hinrichs to a personal account.
How the troublo will end in this direction
remains to be seen.
A meeting of the board of directors was
held which quickly turned into an indig
nation meeting. All the directors ex
pressed the opinion that where they pay
for the music they should have what ihey
want- Directors Doolan, Hsaley and Leu
gett roundly denounced Leader Hinrichs'
selections as being too classical, and Mr.
Hinrichs personally for failing to obey
orders.
The fight is not yet over and liveiy de
velopments may yet result fro:ai the clash.
The following musical programme will
be rendered to-day :
March, from "Rat Catcher of Hamlin" (Wess
ler; overture, "Si J'etals Koi" (Adam); waltz,
•'La Barcarole" (Waldteufel) ; (a) "Musette"
(Otfenbach), (6) mazurka, "Kornblumchen"
(Sahan); selection, "Keminiscences of Beeth
oven" (Godfrey); quadrille, "Victoria" (Kies
ler); overture, "Oberon" (Weber); polka,
"Chatterbox" (Eilenberg); "Awakening of the
Lion" (Kontzky); "Eastus on Parade"; galop,
"Bunt in der Rund" (Weiss).
Evening — March, "Knights Templar"
(Marsh); overture, "Alfonso and Estrella"
(Schubert); waltz, "Sorgenbrecher" (Strauss);
clarionet solo, fantasie, "Lucrezia Borgia"
(Donizetti), Major E. W. Kent; selection,
"Rigoletto" (Verdi); Knickerbocker quartette,
"Rosebud Fair" (Macy); overture, "Wanderers
Ziel" (Suppe); Finale f.om the unfinisned
opera "Loreley*' (Mendelssohn); "Gypsies
Moonlight Dance" (Kragen); czardas, "Auf
der Pustha" (OpiU); galop, "Charlotte"
(Bergen).
John Erie Eriacon Dead.
LONDON, Exg., Sept. 23.— John Eric
Ericqpn of tne the it. S. V. LL.D., honor
able of the R. S. C, died at Folkestone to
day. He was born July 19, 1818.
xEvr to-day;
636 Market, Opposite Palace.
Telephone Main 1333.
3 DAYS' SALE AT SPECIAL PRICES.
Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
COFFEE, 25c.
Roast or ground; good, honest cof-
fee, nearest like Mocha Central
America can raise.
SHRIMPS. 15c. :
Other days 25c. First class — price
made to sell them.
LUNCH HAM, 20c.
Other days 85c ; Curtice Bros., a good
— good ham.
FRUITS, 15c.
Other days 20c, 25c, 30c Odd Jots to
make room for 1896 pacK.
FRENCH SARDINES, 10c.
Other days 15c. Bought for this sale
— to attract trade. Quality all right.
GINGER, 2 pots 55c.
- Other days 35c. Crosse & Black-
well's in porcelain pots.
«
500 Established
Californians /\ in
,Make /' \ California
Them / \ 1854
/ , \
/ . tr^A^ X
* 'Jtradb I*
N.B.
I MARK I
Percale and White
Full Dress Shirts.
I — __J
FOR SALE.
STEAMER ••TAMALPAIS," EECE.N'TLY
overhauled antl in good order. Inquire of R
P. »- . K. R. Co., 14 Sansome street.
| $250,000 |
/' O VIIMISSHWS^^PiIiHHt^W SP^ - You in fin^ one coupon in- ®
ii . '"lilUll'iiliiiii'ii'ii'ii'iiiiiiiiJTy^ side each 2-ounce bag,' and two §
"S. ... * ."'" ..'.-.... i coupons: inside each 4-ounce *■'
$_ The Best I Lag. Buy a bag, read the coupon 5
2 Smoking TobaCCO Made j ami sec how to get your share. 5
; COSMOPOLIT JBUBUfIMMI W/f /»ftF HAi*it« n .. .* ~~
Opposite V. S. Mint, 103 and 102 Fifth St.. Sa 3 fli Of mmZ Zzlf* VWI?IrOUPID ,
Francisco, Cal— Th« most select family hotel la WhTJb (v%VA SO MM B £*r
the city. Board and room SI, $1 25 and $1 60 per *3"? #|Jl4l M 0 rMK.LS
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Booms sl)j G&3 Saf« and **,*!*,' ~Li,, MMmtm^sr
•nd 75c » day. Free coach to and from the™ oc«l MM al?fmUat iraf^AtSi l^T" *£ oiUeT *
Loot for the coach bearing tha name of the Co* Mf Bi&fLrt ppr?^^^' 01
HEW TO-© AT.' i-
im^TSeTsick,
weak and tired,
If You Are Downhearted
and Discouraged Through
Repeated Failures to Get
Help, ___
DON'T GIVE UP.
<v £bs fai l Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY!
He Can Give You Advice
That Will Benefit You and
a Treatment That Will
Make You Well and
Strong. _^
He is a physician whose rep-
utation is established by the in-
disputable evidence of ten years
01 successful practice in San
Francisco, whose skill is un-
questioned, whose ability is rec-
ognized, whose cured patients
are scattered throughout the
city and vast land as living
monuments of his' noble work
and successful practice. Med-
ical institutes have risen and
fallen ; specialists have come
and gone ;. others will come and
go the same as those before
them, leaving their patients
poorer and uncured, but Dr.
Sweany, the reliable, honorable
and skilled specialist, whose
offices so long established, will
always be found at 737 Market
street, San Francisco, extending
to the sick the best, safest and
most successful treatment which
the ripe experience of many
years' practice can furnish.
Diseases of yanng, middle-aged and
old men which weaken the body
and the brain, causing nervous
debility in all its distressing
forms, such as wasting away and
atrophy of the organs, night
emissions, drains which sap the
vitality, weak and failing man-
hood, aching back and diseased
kidneys, a tired feeling, fear of
danger or death, difficult breath-
ing, dizziness of the head, pal-
pitation of the heart, despon-
dency, poor memory, a wander-
ing mind, inflamed glands, vari-
cocele, hydrocele, inflammation
and irritation of the bladder,
difficult urination, enlarged
prostate gland, and all diseases
and weakness of the generative
organs fully and permanently
restored to natural strength and
vigor. Diseases of women scientif-
ically treated and invariably
cured. ' f
Write if away from the city.
Valuable book, " Guide to
Health," a treatise on the dis-
eases of all the organs, free on
application. Address
DR F I SWF ANY 737 Market St-
un. 1. L. UflLHni, San Francisco,
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.WORDEN TO HANG
IN FOLSOM PRISON
Resentenced to Death for
the Wrecking of
a Train.
JUDGE GRANT'S ORDER.
Names December 18 as the Date
for the Condemned Striker's
Execution.
HIS FKIESDS ARE DILIGENT.
One Thousand Signers to a Petition
Praying for Executive
Clemency.
WOODLAND, Cal., Bept 23.-8. D.
Worden, who was convicted in the Super
ior Court of this county of derailing a
train and causing the death of Engineer
Clark with four soldiers during the great
railway strike of 1894, appeared before
Judge Grant to-day to be resentenced, the
former sentence being stayed by an appeal
to the Supreme Court. Although Worden
was pale and nervous, he seems to have
gained flesh during his long imprison
ment. He was accompanied into court
by his brother, Rev. W. S. Worden. He
listened very attentively to the remarks of
the court, who said :
"In this case the remittitur from the
Supreme Court of the State has been re
turned to and filed in this court, from
which it appears that the judgment here
tofore rendered herein has been affirmed.
The defendant being in court, it now only
remains for me to ask the question, 'Have
you any reason to show why at this time
the day should not be fixed for carrying
into execution the sentence already im
posed upon the defendant?' "
Mr. Bush of the counsel for tbe defense
said there were some matters that ought
to be urged in behalf of the defendant, but
he knew of no legal mode in which they
could be presented eitner to this court or
any other at the present time. He thought
they were such that when properly pre
sented and properly considered they would
prooably operate in favor of the defendant.
He asked that a continuance be granted.
Judge Grant denied the motion and or
dered that the sentence of death formerly
passed by the court be put into execution at
the State prison at Folsom on the 18th day
of DecenTber, 1896. Tbe prisoner will be
taken back to Folsom to-morrow. The
petition now being circulated by his
brother, asking that his sentence be com
muted to imprisonment, has about 1000
signatures.
MILES AT PORT TOWNSEND.
Continuing the Inspection of Comst For
tification Sites.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wabh., Sept. 23.—
Major-General Nelson A. Miles of the
United States army arrived this afternoon
and will spend several days in this vicinity
inspecting the sites of the fortifications
soon to be constructed for the proper pro
tection of Puget Sound. Accompanying
the commander is Major J. Van R. Hoff
and Captain E. Micbler, adjutant of his
personal staff. The visit to Port Town
send is only one feature of an extended
trip of inspection, which was decided
upon by the authorities some months ago.
It includes visits to all the principal army
posts of the United States, together with
the inspection of the different places se
lected for the placing of fortifications.
To-morrow, through the kindness of
Captain John B. Libby, manager of the
Puget Sound Tugboat Company, the dis
tinguished visitors, accompanied by mem
bers of the Board of Trade, will be taken
to visit Marrowstone, Wilson and Admir
ralty points, all of whu>h are to be forti
fied. General Miles will add pleasure to
business on the trip. He has with him his
guns and a hunting-dog, and the Protec
tion Island private game reserve will be
visited by the hunters at Captain Libby's
invitation, that they may bag some of the
handsome Japanese and other pheasant
that abound there. From here the general
and his party will go to San Francisco
overland.
SAUSALITO TRUSTEES ACT.
Mound the Iteathknell of So- Called
Commission- Houses.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 23.— The Board
of Trustees of Sausalito at a special meet
ing last night, after ordering extensive
street improvements, passed the following
resolution, which rings the deathknell of
poolrooms in Sausalito. It was introduced
by General Dickinson and unanimously
passed :
Eesolred, That the licenses taken out by cer
tain persons under the name of commission
houses and under which they claim the right
to conduct and are and have been conducting
the business of pool-selling, one and each of
them is. hereby revoked and canceled and re
' called, and the clerk is hereby directed to
notify any and all such persons of this reso
lution.
This action is taken because the Board
of Trustees is satisfied that such licenses
were obtained under false pretenses and
cave not been used for the conducting of
a legitimate business, as contemplated by
the ordinance, and the Town Attorney is
directed to take ail legal steps necessary
to enforce this resolution and stop such
business. Any and all applications fo rre
newal of licenses or for 'licenses to do a
commission business shall hereafter be
referred to and passed upon by the Board
of Trustees before being issued.
SANTA BARBARA'S GAIN.
Last Obstacle in the Way of a He%c Elec
tric Railway It'tnored.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 23.— A
deed was filed to-day in the office of the
County Recorder transferring to the new
Consolidated Electric Company all the
franchises and property of the Santa Bar
bara Street Railroad Company and the
Citizens' Railway Company. The con
sideration is $35,000 in 6 per cent gold
bonds, issued by the electric company.
This transfer removes the last obstacle
from the path of the new company, and,
while the old mule road virtually goes out
of existence, its owners become stock
holders in the new company.
With no more injunctions in its way the
electric company is hastening the com
pletion of connections along the line. The
power-house is already builf, the engine
Bet up and in running order, the trolley in
ulace und a portion of the rolling stock
already here. It is believed that Uie road
Will be opened early next wee*, affording
connection and fast transit between the
two extremities of the city.
Departs Front Santa Crum.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Sept. 23.— Miss
Geraldine Mcyrick, authoress and poetess,
lelt to-day for Palo Alto, the home of her
mother. From there she goes to assume
the duties of private secretary to Mrs.
1 1 iff Warren and Bishop Warren of Uni
versity Park, Denver. Her departure from
Santa Cruz is deeply deplored and leaves
a void in literary and social circles.
PORTLAND'S MURDER MISTERY.
The Death of William Jones Recalled by
a Detective' Suit.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 23.— suit of
Detective Thompson; against the Everest
family of Newberg, Or., for services in try
ing to solve the William Jones murder
case and for exhuming Jones' remains to
see if he had been poisoned resulted in a
verdict for the defendants to-day.
The old murder mystery of Yamhill
County was given an airing again, but no
important evidence was brought out .as
was expected there would be, showing
whether old man Jones had been poi
soned, and if so by whom. The detective
asked for $1200, and heclaimed that in his
investigations of the circumstances of
Jones' death he found that the Everest
family, for whom he was working, was im
plicated.
The case was a peculiar one. Jones died
over four years ago, and the $17,000 in
cash he was supposed to have in his posses
sion at his death could not be found. His
heirs have been fighting over this ever
since, and have made charges and counter
charges of killing Jones for his money.
Certain of the heirs were strongly sus
pected, but. the evidence procurable did
not warrant arrests.
ACQUITTED AT FRESNO.
The Slayer of Alsxaniter Betbeder at
Firebaugh Goes Free.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. 23.— Shortly after
noon to-day the jury in the Lambert mur
der case returned a verdict of not guilty,
and one of tbe most sensational trials in
the history of the county was brought to a
close.
John *W. Lambert, the defendant, shot
Alex Betbeder in a saloon row at Fire
baugh last May. Betbeder was in Lam
bert's 9sloon and became quarrelsome
from excessive drinking. Strong enmity
had existed between the men for a long
time, brought about by charges preferred
against Betbeder by Lambert in the
Knights of Pythias Lodge at Firebaugh,
because of alleged dishonesty and uu
brotherly conduct.
The quarrel was renewed in the saloon
the day. of the shooting, resulting in a
threat on the part of Betbeder to shoot
Lambert. The former drew a pistol from
his pocket at the same time. Lambert se
cured a revolver and an exchange of shots
ensued, Betbeder being killed. Public
sentiment has all along been with Lam
bert and his acquittal caused general sat
isfaction. The trial continued for two
weeks and some of the best legal talent in
the State participated.
WAY ON BUNG MAX BE NAMED.
Touted As the Future Chinese Minister
to Washington.
VICTORIA, B. a, Sept. 23.— There ap
pears to be likelihood, from what is being
said in Chinatown, that Wav On Bong,
the military attache who was in Victoria
some time ago awaiting the arrival of Li
Hung Chang from the East, may be the
next Chinese Minister to Washington.
When the Chinese Viceroy entered Van
couver, Wav On Bong was there to meet
him, and it is understood he requested his
Excellency to be appointed to some office
in a" foreign country in the Chinese diplo
matic service. Li Hung Chang asked
whether he would like a position of this
kind and Wav On Bong replied :
''Yes, I wish one if I can eet it"
To this Li Hung Chang remarked: "I
think I can get you one."
Sow it appears that the term for which
Yang Yu, Chinese Minister at Wash
ington, was appointed will soon expire,
and though Li Hung Chang, like the ex
perienced diplomat he is, made no prom
ises. He gave Wan On Bong a "letter
which he instructed him to carry to Wash
ington and present to Yang'Yu. The
Viceroy also wrote to Yang Yu telling
him to entertain Wav On Bone as a guest
at the Legation until he heard from the
Viceroy at Peking.
SAUSALITO FORESTERS' BALL.
Two Hundred iiuesUt Make Merry at the.
Pacific Yacht Club.
BADSALITO, Cal, Sept. 23.— The grand
ball giveta at the Pacific Yacht Club house
to-night by the Couri of Sausalito No. 150,
Foresters of America, was one of the most
successful social events of the season.
Fully 200 were present. Professor Smith's
orchestra of San Francisco supplied the
music.
Elaborate preparations had been made
by the committee on arrangements, con
sisting of Dr. Mays, Captain Thomas, Fred
Linsley, Captain Nelson, Charles Aspelin
and W. H. Hannon. The hali was lav
ishly and artistically decorated with flow
ers, ferns and hothouse plants. An abun
dant supper was served at midnight.
Many of the guests came from Belvedere
and Tiburon in steam launches. Dancing
was enjoyed until long after the moon had
gone clown behind Sausalito, and every
body went away deligtitea with the hos
pitality of Court Sausalito No. i5O.
S USANVILLE DEDICATION.
Odd Fellows and litbekaht Z,ay the
Cornerstone of Their >eu> Home.
SUSAN VILLE, Cal., Sept. 23.— The
first cornerstone laid in Susanville was to
day put in the place prepared for it by the
members of Silver Star Lodge No. 135 and
Social Rebekah Lodge No. 101, I. O. O. F.
The occasion was of great interest and the
ceremonies were beautiful and impressive.
Mrs. E. V. Spencer and A. L. Shinn de
livered brief but eloquent oiationa. A
street parade participated in by Susan
ville Encampment No. 66 and the lodges
previously named, all in full regalia,
furnished .a most attractive spectacle and
emphasized the devotion and determina
tion which has led this fraternity to the
upbuilding of a new home after two al
most total losses by fire within the past
three years.
The new structure will be of brick, two
stories in heieht, 30x110 feet. It will be
handsome and convenient In appoint
ments.
FATHER YORKE AT COLUSA
; Attend* an Anniversary Banquet in
Honor of Father Wallrath.
COLUSA, Cal.. Sent. 23.— The Rev.
Father Yorke spoke here to-ni ht to an
immense audience. People came from far
and near to listen to the gifted orator.
The occasion of his visit was the jubilee
silver anniversary of the Rev. M. Wallrath,
who entertained a number of guests from
a distance. The children of St. Aloysius
Convent cave them a banquet and a re
ception will be tendered to Father Wall
rath to-morrow, it being the twenty-fifth
anniversary of his priesthood. The follow
ing priests are here: Father P. C. Yorke,
Father McGinty of Holy Cross Church,
San Francisco; Father "O.ssins of Santa
Rosa; Father Vanscde of Auburn; Father
Titus of Sacramento; Father Greely of
Grass Valley; and Father Reynolds of
Willows.
Cape Flattery Collision.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Sept. 23.—
In the dense fog off Cape Flattery Friday
nijrht the Italian bar* Lazzaro, from Port
Pirie, collided with the Chilean bark La_e
Leraan, and great loss of life was narrowly
avoiled. The Lazzaro struck the Leman
a slanting blow near the port forward rig
ging, carrying away all the headgear and
doing over $2000 worth of damatre. Owing
to the smoothness of the weather both
vessels reached port.
The Chittayang Floated,.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 23.— The Cfait
tagonn wus successfully floated this morn
ing and is now tied up at tbe outer harbor
wharf. The extent of the daruapp is not
known, but it is thought to be trifling, as
the steamer is leaking very little. The
Chittagong will dock before proceeding on
her voyage.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
METHODISTS MEET
AT LOS ANGELES
Annual Conference of the
Southern California
Pastors.
BISHOP FOSS PRESIDES.
Higher Mission of the Church
Explained in an Inspir
ing Address.
A FRIEND OF THE MASSES.
Its Field of Labor Among the Com
mon People— Opening Work
of tbe Session.
Los Ahgklks Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway. V
Lob Angeles, Cal.. Sept. 23.)
The Southern California Methodist
Episcopal Conference began its public
work in Simpson Tabernacle here this
forenoon under the most favorable
auspices. Over 200 ministers of the church
were in attendance. The great tabernacle
was filled with people at the hour of open
ing. Bl3hop Cyrus D. Foss, D.D., LL.D.,
presided. Communion was administered
and at the close Bishop Foss addressed
the conference in an inspiring manner on
the work of the church in general.
Bishop Foss said that the Methodist
church was raised up to preach Scriptural
doctrines; to herald missionary zeal
throughout the world and to be a friend
of the masses of tbe people, especially in
this decade of strife between the wage
earner and the multi-millionaire. With
such resources as were at her hand she
faced the twentieth century with grander
prospects of triumph than ever before in
her history.
The Bishop first reviewed in a general
way the work done by the church since its
organization and dwelt on the good influ
ence which it had exerted. He pointed
out the necessity of following along those
lines. The power and influence which
had come to the church by reason of the
increase of members and the prestige of
previous deeds had increased the responsi
bility of the Methodißt church. The power
of the Methodist church did not lie so
much with the wealthy classes is with the
middle and poorer people. Unless the
mas=es were Christianized, the speaker
maintained, this Government could not
stand. Mob violence would prevail, and
it was to prevent this that the influence of
the church could be exerted to good and
practical ends in arbitration.
As an illustration he told how, through
the agency of himself, an Episcopal Bishop
and a Catholic Bishop, a streetcar strike
had been settled satistactorily in Phila
delphia. The mob had been growing more
violent, and at Jast the three churchmen
held a consultation with the owners of the
car lines and discussed with them their
responsibilities. The laDor leaders were
next called in, and after talking over the
situation with both interests the Bishops
drew up an agreement which che street
car owners and the labor representatives
signed, and thus the strike was brought to
a termination.
The officers of the conference were then
chosen as follows: Secretary, H. J. Crist;
assistant, E. J. Iawood; statistical secre
tary. J. M. Rich; assistants, N. J. Burton
A. M. Gibbon, H. W. Waltz :>nd A. H.
Guunett. The roll of the honored dead
was called and nominations for the various
committees made. A number of visiting
brethren were|greeted by Bishop Foss and
introdued to the conference. Among them
were: Robert Barton and D. R. Coliins of
Centralia. 111., S. L. Hamilton of Michigan,
C. R. Pattee of Kansas and J. if. Stine of
Minnesota.
Resolutions were passed indorsing the
Deaconesses' Home. The committee on
public worship reported Sunday afternoon
as the day for holding memorial services,
but after a general discussion it was
decided to include ordination services at
the meeting abo. Friday morning at 10
o'clock was selected as the time for dis
cussing constitutional issues. The princi
pal question which will come before this
session will be that of admitting women
as delegates to the general conference.
A statistical session was held in the
afternoon when the various pastors made
reports of the condition of their respective
churches as regards numbers and finances.
The wives of the various ministers attend
ing the conference also held a meeting at
3 o'clock at which a musical ana literary
programme was given.
A rally of all Epworthians in Southern
California will be held in Los Angeles
during the session. To-morrow is the day
selected for this gathering of young wai
riors. The convention will open at Ip. m.
in Simpson Tabernacle. An elaborate
programme by representative young peo
ple of Southern California has been pre
pared for the afternoon session. At 7:30
p. m. the anniversary of the league will be
celebrated in the auditorium of Simpson
Tabernacle. Bishop Foss will address the
assembly. Rev. Clarence True Wilson
will deliver his speech on "The Force of
Forces."
♦
FIRED IN SELF - DEFENSE
Albert Kingsburu'* Story of thn Killing
of Rafael Grijalva.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 23.— The
culmination of the trial of Albert Kings
bury of Compton for the killing of Rafael
Grijalva last May was reached here this
morning, when the defendant gave his
version of the tragedy. Kingsbury said
that Grijalva came to the Van Ness ranch
on Thursday before the Sunday of the
shooting and called for him. Grijaiva ac
cused Kingsbury of talking about him.
Kingsbury replied that he had said noth
ing but what Grijalva stated before him in
the presence of two young men. Grijalva
called him a har, and took a pistol from
bis hip pocket and put it in his ri'ht
poclret. Urijalva told the defendant that
he had told Mrs. Van Ness he had
wronged her daughters.
On the Sunday of the killing Kingsbury
took two ladies who had been visiting
Mrs. \an Ness to the afternoon train at
Compton. Frankie Van Ness went with
him. As they were on the road borne. the
defendant saw Giijalva come from under
a willow tree along the road. Before they
reached him they saw a man nan.cd Joe
Machado, who is now missing, come along
leading a mare. As Kingsbury, in the
two- horse wagon, drew near, Grijalva
stepped in front of the horses and stopped
them.
Kingsbury asked Grijalva what he
wanted, and the latter said he wanted to
know why fCingsbury had not kept his ap
pointment to "go to Torris' saloon, as he
had agreed to. Kingsbury replied that he
did keep it. Grijalva exclaimed with an
oath tnat he was a liur, and put his right
hand back to his hip pocket, and Kings
bury saw the butt of a pistol. Grijalva put
bis left hand behind him and was trying
to disentangle his pistol. Kinzsbury felt
that Gnjalva was endeavoring to shoot,
him, and, drawing his pistol from the belt
with his left hand, fired one shot at
Grijalva and then drove on.
Kinssbury's testimony was given in a
straisrhtlorward manner, and could not be
shaken in cross-examination.
SUING FOR A CHILD.
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Brought by
the Little One's Father.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 23.— Little
Ida Selby, a bright and lovely child of
four summers who has been in the home
of Mr. and Mrs. John W. Mitchell for a
long time, has become a "bone of conten
tion 1 ' between her father, L. J. Selby, and
the Mitchells. The trouble resulted to
day in habeas corpus proceedings by Mr.
Selby to recover possession of his daugh
ter. Mr. Selby is Mrs. Mitchell's brother.
In his petition Mr. Selby states that in
1892 he was a widower, and bis mother
and daughter .lived with him. In 1893
they visited the Mitchells and his mother
died at their house. He then placed his
daughter in the care of Mr. and Mrs.
Mitchell, on the express understanding
that she should remain with them only
until he could properly care for her. For
nearly three years he has paid for her
board and lodging. Recently he married
again, and he is now able to take his little
daughter home.
He alleges that Mr. and Mrs, Mitchell
refuse to give the child to him and threaten
him with bodily violence if he tries to od
tain possession of her. It is for this rea
son, he states, that he applies to the court
for an order for possession of his daughter.
John W. Mitchell, tlie uncle of the
•child, is a well-known lawyer and leading
Democratic politician in Southern Calf
fornia.
Death of Captain Fletcher.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 23.— Cap-
I tain John R. Fletcher, who shot himself
I yesterday afternoon in an attempt to com
i mit suicide, died this morning. He was
j conscious before death and asked his wife
| to forgive him for his act, which he com
mitted, he said, because pains from wounds
I received in the war had of late become
■ unbearable.
KERN COUNTY SENSATION
Former Grand Jury Accused of
Having Defrauded the
People.
Alleged to Have Drawn Pay for Ser
vices When Not Actually in
Session-
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept. 23.— The
Grand Jury caused another sensation here
j to-day by demanding that the members of
the famous Long Grand Jury, which
: brought so many abortive indictments
j against county officials and others last
year, refund to the county the money
which it is alleged to have unlawfully
drawn for Sundays and holidays while
serving. In going over the records the
present Grand Jury found that the mem
bers of the former bod}' had charged the
county for services rendered on Sundays
and holidays when it was not actually in
session.
It is rumored that some action will be
taken in the case of Edjrar Moore, the al
leged expert upon whose testimony the
abortive indictments were found. He had
two assistants while be was experting the
county books and they drew $5 a day
apiece, but it is said they paid Moore $2 a
day each. Moore has refused to return
and testify in the cases where indictments
were brought upon his alleged discov
eries.
VISALIA TRIAL NEARING AN END.
Charles Ardell Denies the Charges Made
in the Confession of Silas
Lovren.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 23— Silas Lovren,
the convicted train-robbery plotter, stated
in a confession made by him on Sunday,
September 6, that Charleas Ardell, who is
now on trial, had given to Dan McCali, the
j outlaw killed at Tagus, certain guns, and
that Frank Davenport, now under arrest,
would bring out the other guns in time.
This morning Ardell went on the stand
and said that he had seen Lovren give the
weapons to McCali before the attempted
holdup at Tagus. Ardeli denied every al
legation that implicated him.
After David Butler was recalled the de
>fense rested its case and the closing argu
ment was commenced. F. B. Howard
opened for the prosecution and was fol
lowed by E. O. Miller for the defense. J.
W. Ahem and General Kittr-<ll will speak
to-morrow and M. E. Power will close.
E. O. Milier, the defendant's attorney,
made use of the following language in his
argument:
"They (the prosecution) have two able
attorneys with ill-gotten money in their
pockets, detectives supplementing the
Sheriff's office and a servile press bought
by railroad money demanding the defend
ant's blood."
FAILURE AT SAUSALITO.
Colonel Slinkey of Hotel El Monte
Heavily Involved.
BAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 23.— Colonel
J. E. Slinkey, proprietor of El Monte
Hotel in Sausalito, filed in the Superior
Court at San Rafael to-day a petition in
insolvency. The schedule shows the
amounts of indebtedness to reach nearly
150,000. There is a list of 122 creditors,
the heaviest of whom are the Excelsior
Loan Association, $30,000, and Juuah Boas
of San Francisco $5000. Both are secured
by mortgages on the property. The indebt
edness to the other creditors varies from
$600 to $250 each. The assets above the
mortgages amount to about $4700.
Colonel Slinkey came to Sausalito in
the sixties. At that time he built El
Monte Hotel and the Sausalito Hotel, in
vesting about $90,000.
Improvements for Agnews Atylum.^
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 23.— A meeting
j of the board of trustees of Agnews Insane
I Asylum was held this morning for tbe
purpose of considering bids for the erec
tion of three cottages and two dormitories
on the asylum grounds. The plans had
not been approved oy the Governor, State
Treasurer and Secretary of Stai.e, and the
bids were returned unopened to the con
tractors. A joint meeting will shortly be
held at Sacramento by the trustees and
State officials, after which bids will be
called for. Contractors who were present
suggested the substitution of the use of
California redwood in \:lace of pine in the
construction of the buildings. This met
the board's approval, and the plans will
probably be thus changed. The three cot
tages are to cost $3000 each and the dormi
tories $4500 each.
ltieh'm Property to Be Sold
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept 23.— Gus Lion,
assignee of the estate of Jacob Rich, an in
solvent debtor, was to-day granted an
order by Judge Lorigan to sell the prop
erty of the insolvent at private stile. The
property includes a large amount of stock
in tha First-street electric railway and
real estate and personal property valued
at between $600,000 and $700,000. The
property is heavily mortgaged. Rich's
liabilities amount to $600,000.
Charges Ausault to 3lurdrr.
LAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 23.— Oscar Forest
to-day swore to a complaint in Justice
lawyer's court charging A. L. Clarkson, a
farmer on Stevens Creek, with assault to
murder. Forest, who nas been employed
as a farmhand in that vicinity, nas been
; ?55LJ_?r5_^i_?2. T GOODS -
I WE Af(£ §EtyN6O(/T\
\ THESE tttfiS JIEAD THE- \
IiTEMS, SEE ME GOOOS, |
\ cost of Production. \
2 * \ ' ■'-"■■' ~
6sl FANCY NOVELTY STARTLING HOSIERY 33c Men ' 8 Sllk ' Ela3tic 8u 18c 6
O cii I^-cr cr» ITRMC penders iSc T
V SILKS, 59C. % ITEiVIS. 35c Hand-painted Easel Mirrors 15c 6
O . ... 50cbar French Castile 50ap...... 25c A
ft From the 7000-piece Auction Sale of 20c Ladies' Black Hose 12Vc 3 cakes of Fin Toilet Soap 8c jf
; V Ashley & Bailey's Silks. ' 25c Ladies' Black Hose " 15c j 25c French Horn C0mb5.:..:..... 5c Q
!Q 90c Black Figured Taffeta Silks. ....59c 35 C Ladies' Black Hose"*" *" 20c 35c bottle 2-oz. Extra Cologne... 10c A
X $1 Black Figured Gros Grain Silks..... 65c 50cGauee Black Hose "'**"""" „- 75 ° French Clothes 8ru5h....... 35c V
V $175 27-inch Black Duche55........... $1.00 75 C Black Si'k Ho«e ""'%£ 50c Solid Back Hair Brush 25c . Q
0 • _ 35c Ladies' Fancy Hose/.::." I'MmUo JOe Infants' Camel's-hairßrush.lOc A
6 Satin and Gros Grain Ribbons, all.lk, £ Children's Imported Hose.. I_| -c Col °g n « Atomizers. ....2oc £
V Satin and Gros Grain Ribbous, all silk, We PhiM^n'. T m L,*^ a = ,i „ O
? 9, 8c yard; No. 12, 10c yard; No. J $1 Solid Back Hair Brush 60c
A 16, 12c a yard ; No. 22 . 15c yard : 50c Fancy Silk Garters 15c A
V In all the leading shades. . -. 25c Hand-embroidered Handkerchief«.B>_o ? io Black Beade^TTush C a P e,. 5 5.00 A
' V Irish Point Handkerchiefs V
0 75c Muslin Underwear for 50c i£___?_i__i__: J_S^wJ* *$75° T " Ke "_£l ckets --^ 00 0
6sl Silk Undervests, colors, for 50c Bargains at double, each onediffer- : $1 26 . Inch Umbrellas 50c fy
1 «i -r,-/. /.i o ♦ ok ent > being a manufacturer's sam- V
0 ■ Bccle ; at ™-:--.";" 25c pie line, each one on a green card. $20 Long Fur Capes $12.50 A
T 45c Infants' Wool Knit Shirts 10c ,-„ ■jr» i. xi ,n' l.- t . n V
0 35c Ladies' Undervests, white, ecru.. ..15c »° Men s Handkerchiefs ;....-.... 10c No. 4 Hooks and Eyes, card lc A
A $1 Ladies' Scarlet Underwear 50c r— ; 2 papers Hairpins for lc T
V 40c Black Figured Dress Goods... 25c 50c and 25c Vei1ing5.......... 12J^c and 25c Joe Patent Corset Steels 10c V
osl 25 Black Crepons, 46-inch.... ...65c Everything that's new in Veilings ,° , y _ in9 or -"-; '''"f 0 0
A under the snn • 12c Finishing Braid for 5c T
0 . <_ " na " the un  50c Silk Side Supporters 25c 6
X.,.. .. ____._.•__.■.._ 35c Ready-made Veils 15c — — X
O Embroideries.... sc, 6c. 7c, Be, 9c, 103 ;.;, , .;..:v___. 20c Figured Cashmeres, down- O
A Each quality worth thrice. stairs - • I2^c A
" V $1 25 Gloves, sizes 5^,6, 6%, 6%, 6%, x* c Q
A only . 75c Fancy Staple Ginghams 4c ' A
,T 50c Louis Auerbach's Neckwear... .....25c $1 50 Gloves, sizes 5* &H. 6,*6Ji"*"."".".".".?5s German Eiderd^n~Flannel.. 10c A
V Special Drive in all colors and white, V
0 12-yard piece K-in. Valenciennes Laces 15c with colored backs, at ...'... $1.00 35c Turkish Towels.. .......19c A
Qsl and $1 50 Neck Cogue Boas 50c, 75c \ 50c Fancy Turkish Towels ......25c A
X 50c Ladies' Band Neckties.; 19c 75c French Shell Back Combs 15c 4-4 Chenille Table Covers 25c A
! V 37Kc Cut Steel Trimmings 12>^c $1 Shirt Waist Sets f0r.... £0c • V
llf 25c Black Jet Trimmings... .....1. 5c 50c Black Silk Belts, silver buckle... 25c $1 Chenille Table C0ver5........ 50c \f
.I_T $3 Beaded Collars, Fronts, etc..... $1.50 10c size Colognes tor.. 5c 75c Fnil-size Qui1t....... 50c
!If , ■ -s=_)VO-V®S&- ■ 1 . — j£
6 MARKET AND TAYLOR STS. X
I X>OO<>PO<>Oo<<><>o<><h><k><h> <><><><>o-o-o->OO0»O<<>-o<>>»O<^
occupying a small house on the Clarkson
place. L«st nigh: Clarkson notified Forest
to vacate the house as he wanted to use it.
Forest refused to do so, and a row resulted
in which he claims Glarkson drew a re
volver and would have killed him save for
the interference of some parties.
Murder Mear Fresno.
FRIiSNO, Cai.., Sept. 23.— The body of
an Indian, named Baso Jack, who bad
been picking grapes in Goldstein's vine
yard, near Malaga, was found to-day at a
neighboring haystack with two bullet
holes in the head and one in the breast.
It is supposed that he wns murdered by
another Indian named Jim Johnson.
They had been drinking lirewater together
tne night before. Johnson stole a horse
from the murdered man's brother and
fled. It is believed that he has sone to
Mariposa County.
Stanford Juniors' Officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, CaI., Sept.
23. — The junior class elected the follow
ing officers to-day: President, Paul E.
Walker; vice-president, W. A. Prichard;
secretary, Miss Ida Burmaker; treasurer,
J. M. Switzer; historian, Miss Bonnie
Burckhalter; football manager. T. M.
btorke; baseball manaeer, A. S. Jeffe;
track manager, C. S. Dole.
NEW TO-DAY.
| THE CHEAPEST IN THE WORLD
TRUMP WATCHES
Don't be fooled
into buying riveted clock watches when you
can get. a warranted American Duplex Jew-
eled movement that will last a lifetime for
half of five dollars, The wonder is how they
can be made so cheap. It's because we make
them by the thousand! . ::' "
The Waterbury Watch Co.
New Office in MILLS BUILDING,
37 San Francisco.
THE PRICE
OX 1 ■
CROWN FLOUR
HAS BEEN ADVANCED.
B-CPTKMBKB .* -
RAILROAD THAVEIJ
NORTH PACIFIC' COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito *'erry).
from Baa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 183 i,
. WEEKDAYS. ;:
For Mill Valley anil San Katael— •7:2s,. •9:15,
• 11:00 a. M. »1:45." 3:45, *5:1 6. *5 :4&, P.ic
' Extra trip* for 8.1:1 Kafa«l on Mondays, 1 Wednes-
days and Saturdays a. 11 -.30 p. v.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and' Sun Rafael— *B;oo, •10:00
•11:30 //.-it: •1:30.3:00, *4:30. 6:16 r. M.
Trains marked * run to san Ciuentin. ••
THROUGH TRAINS. ,
- For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:25 a. if.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. st Sundays, 1:45 p. _. Satur-
days. '^aac^QHHBB^BBSIWtWMB^f^VfRESBHni
■ ■ !■ or Caudero and wav stations— 7 :25 _. M. b tek-
_»>»; 1:46 r. lf.§ltnrdayjjT.T;-.: : -.-.. - ■: I
RAILROAD TRAVgTJ
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20. 25, 30,
And —very Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave' irom S. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, toot of
.• . ; Market St., at 8:00 p. it .
On<"Mfll ) 01 n including Berth,
b" *"- I A L ' OIU Tourist Sleeper.
n«TI-ri i tfki n First-class, Including
RATES ' $19 Be _ b tart
. For farther Information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RIC'HAKD GRAY, *" T. H. (iOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. • \ • " Gen. Pass. Agt.
i SMFRASCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot or Market 3 1. .
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. it.- 12 -3\
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. it Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
■ and 11:30 F.it
SUKDAYS-7:30, 9:30. 11:00 a. it: 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 jp.it /
San ItKfttel !o San Franoi<cn.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:30,. 9:10, 11:10 a. it-
■ 12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. it and 6:35 p. _. ■ .
' SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:3 a, 11:10 _. it; 1:40,3:48,
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park " sam«
schedule us .above.
'. -*•▼• ; TnoffAM: ; Arrive
San Francisco. A prii a San Frandsca
Wekk I Sun- 1 l n_V ion Buk- I Wkk'
Days. | days. I lnMlOBl DATa . | Days.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
■ 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_ ' • Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 ax
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~ ~~~ . Pieta, . ■;:.. - . ...
7:30 am Hopland <& 10:10 am
3 :30pm 1 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30*11 ....... , 10:10 am
- 7 :30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 fm .
3:30 pm .•■■•■: ■ .. - 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
... and
5:10 pm 5:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:»o am! seb_stonol 1 10:40 am|10:10 am
3:3opm|s:oopm| s>€l)lUJto P ol - |, c : 05 PM | 6:15 PM
!-'t asi's connect at ' Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; a: Geyservllle for Sko??s ' Springs; at
Cloverdalo for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
t-prinus, Kclseyville, Soda Bay and i-alcpport; at:
Hopland for - Lakeport : and Bartlett Springs; at
' Ukiah lor Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
' Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter ■
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
. nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvjiie, Jlooneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, • Westpor:, Usal,-. Wlllets, Cahto, Co-
velo,'Layionviile, Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka. •"
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
. rates. ■ -•-» "•;■■■. - - • " .■■ . ■ :-■-■:■■ -. ■ ■■ .
: On Sundays round-trip tickets to all, points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. -- " •'"
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bnildlns.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RY AX,
••.-;".:■ Gen. Manager. -. Gen. Pass. Agent. ..■*
• Atlantic 4taar > _
_Eov^9^_33_f9_-__s_^_!
Trains leave aud arrive _»t H_&_*lw sßh
Marfcet-Stree: ferry. \____s_?^?S
Sim FE EXPRESS. |I|P
To Chicago via A. _ r.^f^-yf^lmfnlj
Direct Line sUfIX-l!^ "XJQJ
Loaves every day at 5 p. m., e_rvl-_ i ulimu
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also -Modern I p-
ho L at r^. Touriat Sl«eplng-cars. with ; clean linen
and bedding and in chart.'!- of _ porter, run daily
through to Chicßgo via Kansas City. : Annex can
for Denver and St. Louis. ■
Pers..na ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, - Montreal 1 and * the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. . ■ . .
The i best railway from ; California to the East.
New rails, newitej; no dust: interesting scenery;
1 and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. . : ■ • •
San Francisco Ticket Office. 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone M_U>
1031. Oakland, His Broadway.
. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
. SOUTHKHJT PACIFIC CeaPANT. .
(PACIFIC SSSXEM.)
Train* leave null are <lno to arrive at
SAN rBASCISCO.
I—aye — From September 24, 1806. — akriv
*6:00 a NUes. San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express. Ogdcn and Kast.. 8:43r
7:00 a Benicia, Vacajilie, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento, Ororille and Redding via
DavU ....;... «:43f
7:89 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls.
toga and Santa Rosa _:15p
SiSOANiles, -San Jose, .Stockton, lone. . .
Sacramento. Marysviile and Red
Bluff.'. H.*: 4i1.1p
»8:30\ Peters and Milton ......:... *7tlsr
9:OOa New Orleans Kxpress.Frecno.Bokers-
jiclil, Kanta T>urbara,Los Angeles,
■ pemiiig, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4i45p
9:0© A. Martinee and Stockton 1 1:1.1 a.
O:OOa. Vallejo ;.... «:13p
l:OOr Kites, San Jose and Livermore. ..... 8:45 a.
*I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *!>:OOp .
tl :30p Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43r
. 4:<M»p Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, L"l Verauo and
Santa Rosa •<lBa.
4:90? Benicia, Vacavillo, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing, Marys-
yille, Orovilln and Sacramento. . . . I<H43a ;
4 j3op Niles, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton , 4 . VilSPi
4:30? Mercod, Berenda, Raymond (for '■
Yosemlto) and Fresno, via Riles. . 11:43a 1
s:#Op Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
••■ -"■ Barbara and Los Angeles 19:13 a. '
S:9op Santa Fu lloute, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 10:13 a
5:00p Vallejo 11:43 a
'0:001' European Mail, Ogilcn and East.... 9:43 a
«:00i» H.iyiviirils, Niles aud San Jose 7:45
J7:«op Vallejo ....: f7:43p
. 7:00 Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- .
ville. Ueikling, Portland, Puget
• . »<Muula:ia Eaat .............. 11:13 a '
v SANTA CIUI/ DIVISION (Narrow <jawpe).
|7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz *
■ - and Principal Way Stations ...... 18:03* '
8:1 a Newark,*. 'eiiterville.San Jose, Fel ton, -
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations oiB*r
♦2:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
■ AliiiaclMi, Felton, Boulder Creek, ■ _"
Banta Crut and Principal Way
Stations UlrilOA .
•4:li}p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos.... - 9:30 a
(QAM DIVISION (Third & Townscud Sts.)
~ *0:43 a dan Jose unil Way Stations (New
Almsdon Wednesdays only) ts47A:
17:39 a Sunday Excursion for - San Jose,
ttenta Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations tt(BB*>
■iISa San Jose, Trcs Piuos, ° Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Paso Roblcs, San ■
I mis Obispo, Gnadalnpe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:OSf
19:17 a Palo Alto and Way Stations. . . . -. .-. tl:3op
I o:10.v San Josoand Way Stations... S:OOp
I1:3Oa Polo Alto and Way Stations 8:30p
•2:3»i> San Slateo, Mcnlo Park, San Jose,
' Gilroy, Tres I'iuos, Santa Crua,
■' .^-/ ; V- Balinas,Montercy n«idPaciQcGrove' i 'l9t4»A'
■_Zt>p San Jose, Pacific Grovo and Way '
5tati0n5 .......................... «l:30p
• •4:30p San Jose and Way Stations.... »8:00w
5:30 - San .lose and Principal Way Stations *8:48 a
i C::t»p San Jose and Way .Stations . ....... 0:33 .1
■ tll:Jsi- San .lose ami Way Stations.... f7:43p •
'■' SAN IiKAXimO A.ill» HAiWAUDS LOCAL.
<»6:«0a") ( 7:13 a:
8:OOa , i»:4.->a
lo!S2a Melr«e,S«_i»«rrPark, \VA\k
«|:g« A FitcW,«g,S.«Le__r9
8:0 Op • """• ..d ' 4:43p
4:»0p I * ' 0:45p
IX H«TW»r««r "*i fili?
7:(»Op 8:43p
8:00p ,_, . . _»,!_ _ 9:45p
0-OOp < Knits ftrongh to NUM. "~ g lO:5Op
'ffllhsp^ - From Niles. ■ - > - ' I ftia:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiUi FRifiCISCO— Foot or Htrket Street (Slip 8)—
• •7:15 ._ 9:00 11:00 a.m. ; J1:SO •2:00-13:00
•«:00,^t5:00 •6:00 p.m. ''Y^\v.- :
rrom OitLAHD— or Brosdway.— '•6.-00 8:00
10:00 a.m. {12:00 *1:00 ' (9:00 ,*3:00- tl:05
'■ «5:00 p.M. .■■■:■:■:■ " ... ■■'•■':■■■';■
■■* A for Morning. P for Afternoon
'• Sundays excepted; t Saturdays onlj.
: % Sundays only. .
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Pacific
Coast Railroad.
WEKK AY 6— Leave &F. 9:15 a. m. 1:45 p.m.
'Returning— Arrive S. *'. 3:25 p. m. 6:20 P. m.
SUNDAYS— Leav»S.F. Ba. m 11:30 a.m. 1:30 pi_
Beturning— Arrive a F. 1:15 p. m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or s X«ffji nwttui
' • THOS. COOK & SONS, 621 Market St., 8. F.
M— Valley and Mount Tamalpala scenic B_Uwa/,
56
aa^ss^rt^S^S^f^ j>_;_<___
THURSDAY ."..SEPTEMBER 24, 1896
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Posta** Freer
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Daily and Sunday Cam, one year, by mail... . 6.00
Pally and Sunday Cam, fix months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and 6unday Call, one month, by mull- .86 j
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11................ 1.60 ,
WkLKLY Call, one year, by mall ........... I^o
THE SUMMER MONTHS. .
Are you point; to the country on a vacation? \ If
to, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to t
your address. Do not lei li niiss you for you will
mtu It. Orders given to the currier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE »
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lB6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street. ■
Telephone Maln-1874
* BRANCH OFFICES:
680 ' Montgomery *treet, corner Clay: open natO
C:SO o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9 :SO o'clock.
713 LerkiD street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fe\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
US Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICBj
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICBt
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New TOT* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
IHE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PKESI DENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Obio
FOB VICF-PRRHI DENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
EtFCTION XOTEMBEB 3. 1896.
To the Examiner even Presidential pol
itics is a freak.
By protection we flourish, but by free
trade we fall, and free silver wouldn't
save us.
"On to Canton" is still the cry of the
people. They know where the true
ieader is.
We must send to Congress men who will
not only rej resent our industries but vote
to protect them.
We have the best country and the best
people and must maintain the best wages
and the best money.
Sound money, sound business and
sound men are what the Republican party
offers to the country.
Anything for a new faks is the motto of
the Examiner, and Bryani6m is about as
good as a lottery scheme.
It is still a matter of doubt whether the
Democratic fusion bosses are playing Cator
for Senator or only for a sucker.
bo long as Bryan refuses to answer ques
tions about the tariff the people will have
to ask themselves what his silence means.
The Tammany braves thought Hill was
crawling into a hole and didn't know he
was digging a pit for them until they fell
into it.
Even Bryan himself has lost hope in his
election and has began to hedge by talk
ing of keeping up the fight in case of
defeat.
Bryan talks more and more about
nothing every day. His Philadelphia
Bp«pch was devoted largely to a talk about
his dignity.
Senator Hill drew it mild in saying
there is too much Populism in the Chicago
platform. As a matter of fact, there is too
much Altgeldism in it.
The Popocrats have had to give up the
attempt to make fun of Mark Hanna. He
has shown himself too big a man to be
hurt by their little ridicule.
Bryan Is not directly responsible for the
support given him by fake journals, but it
must be said there is something about
him which is attractive to them.
McKinley holJs his place in the center
of the country, while Bryan swings around
the circumference like a wandering satel
lite and shines Dy reflected radiance.
That the New York Democratic Btate
Convention has left a muddle behind it is
tbe best evidence possible that it was
truly representative of the party.
"He who tampers with the currency
robs labor of its bread," said Daniel Web
ster, and under Democratic conditions the
labor of America has no bread to lose.
Senator Thurston reports that in his
stumping tour he has found that the silver,
sentiment among the farmers is like
the milk sickness — always in some other
county.
The people of Europe who favor inter
national bimetallism will find an ally in
America, but those who hope to dupe
this country into going it alone will be
disappointed.
Senator Hill iB quoted as saying "The
common people do not understand the
currency question," but then the Senator
has always trained with the Democratic
machine and doesn't understand the
people.
While the Democrats have been hunt
ing Populists in the woods, the Republi
cans have taken complete possession of
the field of battle, and there isn't a single
point of vantage left for the fusionists to
occupy.
The popular vote In November will con
firm *he statement of McKinley — "The
people have no patience with those who
would violate the plighted faith of the
Nation and stamp its obligations with
dishonor."
The Examiner declares the change in its
I olicy on the silver question has not been
due to any recard for Hearst's mining
property, and it would seem therefore
that it surrendered to Aitgeld only be
cause it saw in his platform and his can
didate the crankiest freak and gayest fake
of the season.
"T:ie best of candidates for Supervisors
offered to the Democratic convention,"
!-:iicl tin- Examiner yesU-rday, "is enough to
discourage the voters of the party. If
this is the best that can be looked for it is
time that there was a new deal." There
will be one, of course, but the Examiner
will be disappointed. It won't be a freak
deal. r
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE?
The Republicans of San Francisco
should consider seriously to-day wbo is
responsible for whatever of discord and
dissension exists in the local Republican
party. It is a shame and disgrace that,
on the eve of a Presidential election, when
great issues are at stake and the honor
and loyalty of California as a Republican
State is involved, that Republicans ol
San Francisco should be dragged into a
brawl over the party organization and
forced against their will to divide their
voting strength between two rival tickets
in tbe field.
Who is responsible for these divisions?
Who are the real traitors to tbe party ?
Who are to blame for defeat which dissen
sions may bring?
These are pertinent questions for every
Republican to ask and to have answered
fully and clearly to-day. Let the fects
turnish the answer. These are the facts:
The convention which assembled last
evening at the Auditorium and nominated
Hon. C. L. Taylor for Mayor of this City
is the only regular and legal representa
tive of the local Republican party. It de
rives its right to make nominations from
the regular County Central Committee of
tne party — a committee which was selected
in the usual and orderly way such com
mittees are constituted during the pre
vious campaign.
The right of that committee to repre
sent and act for the Republican party of
San Francisco during the past two years
has never been and cannot be dis
puted nor denied. It has never
been displaced or superseded by
any other political body possessing
any origin of right or title to aot for tbe
local Republican party. Its action and
its power to act for San Francisco were
formally confirmed by the Republican
State Convention which met in Sacra
mento last May.
By every party tradition and custom,
by unbroken descent of title, by every
principle of political self-government, the
Auditorium convention is the regular
Republic n convention, and each and
all of its nominees are entitled to
be recognized and received as the reeular
Republican party nominees of the City
and County of San Francisco.
For several days pust another body of
men have been attempting to meet and
have been assuming to call themselves a
"regular" Republican Convention of this
City. What is their right to this title?
What is the basis of their claim to recog
nition?
What is the foundation and superstruc
ture of their pretension that they are the
"Regulars," and that as such they have
the right to embro.l the party in the dis
cord and confusion of two political con
ventions?
There is absolutely no foundation to the
whole ridiculous pretense.
Conceding that the St. Louis National
Convention gave its recognition to the
contesting delegates from the Fourth
Congressional District for the purpose of
determining its own membership, its acts
and its power ended there.
By no possible stretch of authority could
a National committee or convention reach
into San Francisco, destroy its local po
litical organization and extend the powers
nf the claimants of regularity in a single
Congressional district over the whole City.
Such an act would have been subversive
of every right of local self-government
and of every principle and practice of
party politics.
The National Convention never did nor
intended to do this wrong, and yet upon
the flimsy and foolish claim of such
action the entire right and title of this so
called convention rests.
Upon this pretension also the one or
two men who are behind such shadow of a
convention have based their persistent
attempt to break into and break down the
reeular and legal organization of the Re
publican party of San Francisco.
In this attempt they have received
constant support and aid from a Demo
cratic newspaper, whose political wisdom
is limited to its effort to create division
and discord in the Republican party as a
means of Democratic success.
Who, then, is responsible for the exist
ing state of affairs in the local Republican
party? The men whose title to the party
organization is clear and indisputable, or
the men who have no title or right to call
or hold a convention and whose political
loyalty is illustrated and defined by their
desperate attempt to break into the party
organization, and failing in this to compel
it and its regular nominees to defeat?
Let the Republicans of San Francisco
consider to-day whom they will hold ac
countable for party dissensions and dis
cord—those whom they selected and ac
credited as their regular and legal repre
sentatives, or those whom they have
never so selected. Whom will they believe
and support— Mr. John D. Bpreckels and
his associates or Martin Kelly and Jere
Mahoney? The choice Is with them.
We want a dollar that will lose none of its
vahie in our hands, a dollar that will be just
as good when we come to pay it out as uhen
we receive it. We want a dollar that can be
exchanged for any other dollar at -any time
or place that we may want to use it. Those
of us who are unfortunate enough to be pay
ing interest know that just as certainly as the
value of the dollar decreases so certainly the
rate of interest will increase. — N. B. Critch
field of Ohio.
CONCERNING WAGE-EARNERS.
The purchasing power of the wape
earners of this country is, of course, de
termined by the number of day's work
they have and the per day wages they re
ceive. When they have plenty of work at
good wages they are liberal buyers of
table commodities, for the American
workingmau is a good liver when he is
making money; but when be is
obliged to practice close economy
he can do it, and he has been
obliged to do it for a few years past.
But while we all know that certain of our
neighbors have been in enforced idleness
for nearly ttiree years, and consequently
have had to consume sparingly, it is doubf
ful if many have ever thought what a dif
ference in the total consumption of pro
visions the country over such idleness
makes.
In the one item of breadstuffs 65,000,000
people bought and consumed 800,000.000
more bushels of corn and about 69.000,000
more bushels of 'wheat in 1592 than 70,
-000,000 people did in 181*5. in 1892 prao
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
tically every industry in the country was
running on full time, giving employment
at good wages to all who wanted employ
ment. In 1895 there were not many indus
tries in operation, ard consequently only
a few wage-people had opportunity to
earn wages. Of course all the other items
of consumption were cut down to the
lowest possible point, and everything that
approximated luxuries was given up en
tirely. But another item of vast import
ance which enters into the life
of tbe American workingman bad
to be given up, very much to his
physical hurt ami mental distress.
We refer to the days and evenings set
apart for recreation. He had to forego all
pleasure tl at cost incuey, for he could
not afford to have Eiore than the com
monest necessities. Such has been and is
still the fruit of the Wilson-Gorman tariff
act which working-people gather.
It would be a reflection on the intelli
gence of the working class to say that they
do not know all about these things, but it
would be a reflection on their reputation
for being -industrious, frugal and willing
workers to say they ere so indifferent that
they will not take aa active part in the
work now in hand to reopen mill and fac
tory bo that they may again have all
needed opportunity to earn good wages
and consequently be able to live as be
comes an American mechanic or laborer.
It is rot human nature to want such con
ditions of existence an the AVilsoii-Gorman
tariff has caused and workingmen will not
vote to continue them.
I recommend the. election of Major McKin
ley most stromjly, beeavse I believe in v hat
is praised as "the vionty of the constitution."
I want to see the triunph of "the dollar of
our futhers." But J uould say that when a
man comes to vie with <*nly 50 cents' worth
of silver duly stamp i and profanely in
scribed "/u God We Trust, v and asks me to
take it and palm it ojT on romelody else as
the "dollar of our dadditM," to be received
by that somebody else fir a dollar's worth of
something I want that he has — / say that I
decline to join in the svinale, and I proclaim
this to him: "iiir, my daddies and the daddies
of this Nation were, not that kind of men. 17 —
liev. F. W. Gunsauhts.
THE NEXT MAYOR.
The Republican County Convention be
gan its work well when it placed at the
head of its ticket for the responsible
position of Mayor of San Franci-co a gen
tleman so well and favorably known, not
only to the people of this City, but to the
people of the State as well.
C. L. TayJor is not an experiment in the
field of government. He ha» been tried
and found true. He is a pioneer resident
of this City and his public and private life
has been open to inspection for nearly a
generation. In business circles he Is
among the most prominent, and the
breath of reproach has never dimmed the
luster of his integrity.
This is the type of men of which good
officials are made. A man who has been
successful in his own business is tbe kind
of officer that tbe people want to suter
vi-e their affairs. A - a Supervisor Mr.
Taylor built up a record for un-werving
fidelity to the interests of his constituents
which any official niicht well envy.
The public have not iorgotten the solid
four who stood out manfully for right and
justice, and contested inch by inch the in
cursions of the execrated eight, who will
be soon relegated to the oblivion which
they have earned so well.
Mr. Taylor, in his ofiicial capacity, has
done and ha 3 helped to do many things
for the benefit of the people. They are
fresh in memory, and it is not necessary
to particularize them here. That the
tax levy* has been held within the
limits suggested by taxpayers is
due in no small measure to his efforts.
His experience in the chair, presiding
over the Board of Supsrvi-ors during the
nb-enceof Mayor Sutio, added to his ex
perience as a Supervisor, will be of much
value to him in the future.
He stands prominently forward as a
representative of that clement which is
most deeply interested in securing for it
self a capable and honest government.
He is also a representative Republican
and a citizen whom ev^ery voter may in
dorse with a feeling of confidence and se
curity.
The country is cursed with political as well
as financial heresy, certain phases of which
are entirely new, foreign to our soil and alto
gether un-American. They spring from and
are directly imported from the hotbeds of
European socialism. Let no one imagine
this statement an exaggeration. Examine
the socialist programmes, as they are called,
of Europe; their advocacu of repudiation of
debt, the nationalization of industries, pro
gressive income taxes, the fomenting of
alleged class animosities, the referendum,
their disregard of the validity of contracts, of
legislative acts, of legal forms and prin
ciples. You will find their counterparts in
Populist utterances and in the Chicago and
St. Louis Populistic platform*.— Perry Bel
mont.
TAMMANY AND HILL.
Tammany in particular, and the Demo
cracy of the country in general, now know
what Senator Hill meant when be said to
the Chicago convention : "I am a Demo
crat, but lam not a revolutionist." Ad
dressing himself to Tammany, but intend
ing that the whole country should hear
him, be said: "I would see the Demo
cratic party in first before I would in
dorse some parts of the Chicago platform."
The occasion was a meeting of Tammany
to force John B. Thacher, the party's
nominee for Governor of New York, off
the ticket because he is not a Bryan man,
and Hill was there not only to insist
that Tna cber remain at the head of the
ticket, but to read tbe riot act to the
party.
There does not seem to be any doubt
that the Buffalo convention, which was
packed with delegates 01 the Bryan wing,
was inveigled into a trap by Hill and that
it did not realize its predicament until it
had nominated a very pronounced anti-
Bryan man for Governor. Tammany, or
rather a few of the bOßPet> who happened
to have control of the organization, under
took to revamp the party of the State upon
Bryan lines, and had tha scheme worked
S nator Hill and ail the other old leaders
of the party wouid have been carted off to
Tammany's burying-ground, but the
scheme did not work.
The upshot of the rupture will be that
Tbacher will not withdraw, the anti-
Bryan Democrats will not put up a ticket
and the State will cive McKinley more
than 100,000 majority, with possibly a
Democratic .Legislature. At this distance
that appears to be Hill's programme.
But anyway it is very evident that the
Hill following do not intend to let Bryan
carry the State, and to that extent at least
the country is better off for having Hill
live in it. It is a little curious that the
Tammany following which Hill is fight
ing is the same crowd that fought Cleve
land in 1892, and it ia also interesting to
note that Hill was then their leader,
which puts him in a position where he has
to acknowledee that Cleveland knew Tam
many in 1892 better than Hill did, and it
puts Hill in exactly tiie same position
with reference to the party that Cleveland
occupied four years ago — and Cleveland
won.
You have heard the wild, strange promises
that are made to you upon the one side, and
on this side we promise you nothing except
that certainty which human experience has
given to us. Now, will you be led away into
strange pathways, or will you follow the old
path that you knswt In other words, which
would yoxi prefer, on unlimited check on the
rainbow bank of promise, or a certificate for
what is exactly due you on the bank of ex
perience T—Tom Reed.
AN INTERESTING PARALLEL.
Examiner, May 4, Examiner, SeDt. 13,
1895— T0 maintain the 1896— Under free coin
parity alone it might age tne silver dollar
be necessary to make will be worth exactly
the proportion 25 to 1. the same as the gold
Our experience has not dollar, and the parity
encouraged us to be- between silver and
lieve we conld do this gold coined or un
alone at 16 to 1. coined will be 16 to 1
throughout the world.
Examiner, May 17,
1895— They (the Illi- Examiner, Bept. 13,
nois Democrats) do not 1896— When we have
want either to reduce! free coinage of both
silver to the rank of:ROld and silver at the
token money or to' ratio of 10 to 1 there
drive gold out of the! will be a breaking up
country. They are notfof the hard fluanciai
Buperstltiously wedded! winter that has frozen
to the ratio of ltflthe industrial energies
to 1. of this new and
wealthy country.
Examiner, May 22,
1895— 1t is easy to un- Examiner, Sept. 8,
derstand how Mr. Car-! 1896— But if the Unit
lisle, who thought itjed States by throwing
safe to venture upon 'open its mints to free
free coinage when the raises the bul
builion in a silver dol-'Hon ratio to 16 to 1, all
lar was worth 90 cents, 'coins struck at this
should be unwilling to ratio will then become
take the chances when full and independent
the rate has come down parts of the world's
to 50 cents. icurrency.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
irSW YORK, N. V., SeDt. 23.— At the Plaza—
T. B. Fitzpauick; Hoffman— J. W. Hart; Park
avenue— K. Howard; Holland— Mrs. H. E.
Huutington, Miss C. Huntington, Mrs. I.
Pierce, Mrs. C. Walker; Grand— J. D. Cripe;
Continental— W. P. Hammott; Imperial— D. A,
Halse, L. W. Stockwell.
PERSONAL
E. A. Crowninshield of New York is at the
Palace.
R. E. Jack, the capitalist, of San Luis Obispo,
is in town.
George 8. Smith, a merchant of Portland, is
at the Grand.
E. W. Yocum, a business man of Le Grande,
is at the Russ.
M. Jacobs, one of the pioneers of Phoenix, 1
Ariz., is at the Russ.
G. D. Plato, who owns a general store at Mo
desto, is in the City.
Mrs. George Crocker arrived here yesterday
and is at the Palace.
E. M. Murray, a hardware dealer of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
J. A. Lipman, a mining and business man of
Nevada City, is in town.
J. R. Chace, proprietor ot the Sea Beach Ho
tel, Santa Cruz, is in town.
\V. F. Prißk, the newspaper proprietor, of
Grass Valiey, is iv the City.
Salvador Herrera, ex-Minister of Finance for
Guatemala, is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Oliver of Colorado
Bpriags are staying a: tho Cosmopolitan.
J. A. Sinclair, manager of the Pacific Lum
ber Company at Scotia, is on a visit here.
A. L. Brown of Hyams, Brown & Co. left
yesterday on a business trip to Los Angeles.
A. Ekman, a drucgist and mineral-claim
owner of OroviUe, is here on a business trip.
James Loman, a leading citizen and mine
owner of Sutler Creek, is a guest at the Cos
mopolitan,
A. J. Smith, who for the past year has been
engaged in mining in Alaska, is among the re
cent arrivals here.
L. A. Sheldon of Pasadena, ex-Governor of
New Mexico, is In the City for a brief sojourn.
He is at the Grand.
J. N. Wilmans, the mining man, general
store owner and land proprietor of Newman,
is registered at the Lick.
A party consisting of Mrs. W. W. Law and
Miss Law of New York and Mrs. William Rus
sell of Philadelphia are at the Palace.
Byron E. White, who was one of the early
settlers of Great Falls, on the Missouri River
in Montana, is among the arrivals at the Russ.
Hugh McDonnell, the widely known mining
man, returned yesterday after a trip through
Colorado, Utah, Montana and other Pacific
States.
A. N. Butts, a mining man ot Spokane, who
for a good while past has been developing
mining property at Lewiston, In this State, is
at the Occidental.
Frederick Berg, chief clerk of the Interna
tional Hotel, has been nominated for member
of the Assembly by the Republicans in the
Forty-filth District. Mr. Berg intends to make
a careful canvas*.
OLD KNIGHTS AND NEW.
The knights of old, with hearts of gold,
Fought battles for the fair, -
And In the mist* of crimson lists
Their good swords crowned her there.
Lance met witn lance: the wild romance
Of love Inspired the fight. .
And for his lodye's love or dance
Died many a gallant knight.
But the new knights do longer spill
Their blood for ladye's grace.
Love simply mounts a bicycle
And wins a dusty race !
— FBAKg L. BtasTto».
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
Things are coming Mr. Bryan's way, but they
are mostly things" that hurt.— PitUburir Dis
patch.
Tom Watson was right. Bewail iion'y a knot
on a log, and a very small knot at that.—Kan
sas City Journal.
Mr. Bryan is not maintaining the ratio. Six
teen speeches and not one Idea will never do.—
Philadelphia Inquirer.
Up to this lime three things have been dis
covered about which Bryan will not talk. They
are Maine, Vermont and Tom Watson.— St.
Louis Globe-Democrat.
Powderly hits the nail squarely on the head
when he tells the workingman that his motto
with regard to money should be, "The best is
none too good for me."— St. Louis Giobe-Demo
crat.
This plank Is not In the Bryan platform:
"JSesol -ed, That wheat shall be ground free,
and every barrel of flour shall be stamped two
barrels."
It is silver that is to be treated this way, not
wheat.— Wheeling Intelligencer.
Bryanism in the State of New York to-day
has no honorable or respectable party leader
ship; and the Buffalo Convention will have no
power to lift it from the mire where ltbelongs.
It will only be made the more despicable by
tne treachery to declared Democratic princi
ples which its support involves.— New York
Sun.
"Why are you so glum, Jack? Has Ethel re
jected you?" said a Pittsburg young man to a
friend who was carrying a chronic frown.
"No, not exactly."
"Then be cheerful and hopeful."
"She gives me no ground for hope and cheer.
She says she will marry me when Bryan is
elected President."— f ittiburg Chronicle-Tele
grapb.
Above the din of cheers for the noble victory
in Maine; above the swelling chorus for honest
money; above the shouts for protection to
American labor and revenue for the Govern
ment; above the wails of Bryan, even, for tne
poor to rise against the rich; above all the
noise and clashing of a campaign tba-t is going
ail one way at a furious pace— above every
thing else Is heard the voice of Tom Watson
crying: "Scoot, Bewail, scoot I"— Pittsburg Dis
patch,
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS,
Katherine Klafsky, who died at Hamburg on
Tuesday, will be a great loss to Wagnerian
opera. There are few prima donnas who
could surpass her in certain Wagnerian roles
since Materna retired from the operatic stage.
Klafsky owed more to her superb natural
voice and her fine stage presence than to her
vocal training, thougn she was a pupil of the
far-famed Mme. Marches!. Last winter when
she sang in New York with Walter Damrosch's
opera company the critics were loud in their
lamentations that such a "gorgeous" voice
should be so indifferently used. Brunhilde
was one of Klafsky's favorite pans, but
though she was not so large as Materna she
was gaining In weight and gave an impression
of bulk which Materna never conveyed as the
warrior goddess. She was still a compara
tively young woman, being three days past
her_ forty-first birthday at the- time of her
death. She began her career at the age of 20,
but on ncr first marriage retired from the
stage, and subsequently began her career all
Frau Klafsky, the Great "Wagncria
Singer Who Died at Hamburg:.
over again. Klafsky was married three times,
her last husband being Herr Zohse, the assist
ant conductor of the Hamburg Staat Theater.
Albert Carre has been sojourning in Swlti
erland, and this is what he writes to Le Figaro
under the date ol September 6: "Not content
with Bhowii,g the industrial progress of the
tountry at the Geneva Exposition, Switzer
land wanted to give its visitors a samplecf
Its artistic products. The painters and sculp
tors hay« filled the palace of fine arts with
their works and its musicians have shown
their compositions in a symphonic concert,
which took place last Saturday in Victoria
Ii»:i, a magnificent new building, the like of
which is not to be found in Paris. To tell the
truth, I rather distrusted going to that con
cert. I did not know whether serious conser
vatories and choral societies existed in the
country, and without exactly limiting Swiss
music to the 'Kanz uea Vacbes' I did not be
lieve in it. 1 wes wrong, and 1 hasten to make
amend*. There are musicians in Switzerland
—good musicians — and the courageous little
country will have Its part in the modern musi
cal movement. There is Edouard Combe,
born in 1866. His 'Adagio Symr honique' is a
beautiful inspiration, and I should not be
astonished il a great future were reserved for
him. Jacques Dalcroxe is certainly the
most original and expert of the Swiss com
posers. His overture to 'Sancho,' an opera
which he holds in reserve for the Geneva
Theater, is, I believe, a wonderfuly ingenious
work." Among the other Swiss composers
mentioned by Carre are Frederic Hegltr, di
rector of the Zurich Conservatory, and Gus
tave Doret, who promises to hare a brilliant
future.
A perfect craze for musical comedies seems
to have broken out in the British capital, and
as New York often follows London's lead In
matters theatrical the epidemic will no doubt
spread to America. Indeed, "The Geisha" has
already tern transported by Daly from the
Gaiety Theater and has been mounted at
Hoyt's regardless of expense. The matter is
becoming serious in London, for before tho
end of next month half the theaters in the
city will be playing musical comedies, and the
cry is still they come! All sorts of subjects
are being travestied by these musical farce
I composers, who pay Gilbert and Sullivan the
I sincerest form of flattery, though their imlta
j tions are not up to the originals. The "Geisha
Girl" is Japanese and deals with tourists and
i dancers. May Yohe is going to produce an
t Egyptlan musical comedy, "The Belle of
Cairo," and "Monte Cario" is an operetta that
treats Europe's greatest gambling resort in a
light and airy vein. No subject is sacred from
the travesty-maker and the latest announce
ment is that the Armenian subject is to be
turned into a musical comedy. This operetta
will be called "The Piccadilly Pasha."
Among the most Interested listeners at the
last series 6f performances at Bayreuth were
Jean and Edouard de Reszke, who no doubt
went to the fountain head for inspiration for
the roles of Wctan and Siegfried, which they
are respectively engaged by Grau to. sing in
London next season. Jean de Reszke is to marry
his countess next month, and he would much
prefer to retire permanently from the stage
after his wedding, but Grau is a warm personal
friend of his, so to oblige him Jean will sing
for Abbey, Bchoeffel & Grau this season in
America, and will also lend his help to Grau
for the London season of '97. At the end of
next year Jean de Rcszke says he will forever
sever his connection with the theater, as he
wishes to retire to his estate in Poland and
live the life of a wealthy country gentleman.
One of the outcomes ot the recent Wagnerian
performances at Bayreuth is a dispute between
the critics as 10 the spelling of certain proper
names in Wagner's operas. Should it be
Slenmound, or Biegmund7 Nibeloung, or
Niebetung? Of course, the answer to this is
that the spelling of legendary names in a
foreign literature cannot be fixed by any defi
nite rules. Each translator has the right of
spelling in the way that seems best to his
point of view. For instance, It is now granted
that one can now write indifferently Parsifal,
or Perceval; Walkyrie, or Valkyrie.
A spirited new marcn has just been pub
lished by Major C. Hunt entitled "The
Pride of the Navy." The new work, which is
dedicated to Irving M. Scott, has a good swing-
Ing melodious retrain which should make it
as popular as any of the Sousa marches. "The
Pride of the Navy" has already bten played by
tbe Park baud more than once, and on each
occasion was very heartily applauded. Major
C. Hunt is a Native Son, and his decided tal
eut in the way of march composing should
bring him rapidly to the front.
The first Bacon-Miuetti matinee will take
place next Saturday at the Y. M. C. A. audi
torium at 8 o'clock, when the following in
teresting programme will be performed:
Quartet in £ flat (Bazzini), tbe Mlnetti string
quartet; aria from "Africana" (Meyerbeer),
£. J. Stark; (a) C minor polonaise (Chopin),
(6) "Ich Grolle Nicht" (Schumann-Kirshner),
Miss A. Bacon; Terafel (Oliver King), E. J.
Stark; piano quintet (Dvorak).
A monster organ has just been inaugurated
in Sydney, the construction of which was com
menced in 1893. According to the papers it
has five keyboards and several miles of pipes.
Its sonority is remarkable; as great, indeed, as
the price, and that is over a hundred thousand
dollars. The day of its inauguration the
maker gave a banquet which was served in
the interior of the instrument. »
"It is not without lively satisfaction." says
L'Eco Musical, "that we see the normal Ditch
making progress in England. At the annual
concert Just given by the Royal Academy of
Music, the French pitch was used for the first
time in the history of the institution."
The indefatigable Mme. Cosima Wagner has
discovered a new tenor in the person of a
j blacksmith's apprentice, named Charles Kein'
j lechner. He is to be placed in the musical and
dramatic school of Bayreuth, wl.ich has
already produced so ninny remarkable artists.
The Swedish composer, Ivar Hallstroem,
whose "Duke and Mermaid" was the first
Swedish national opera, recently celebrated
the seventieth anniversary of his birlh. Among
those who sent congratulation was Carmen
Sylva.
Andre Wormster, whose musical pantomine
"L'Enfant Prodlgue," was such a success in
Europe and the East, has just writteu a new
work of the same kind entitled 'The Ideal."
A society has been formed at Rotterdam to
build a theater which is to be devoted exclu
sively to German opera. The construction is
already commenced and will be finished for
inauguration during the course of 1899.
The King of Wurtemburg has sent to Mme.
Cosima Wagner the medal for "Arts and
Sciences."
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
IN POOR CONDITION.
A Portion op Folsom Street That Needs
ATTENTION.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call -Sir:
I wish to respectfully call the attention of the
authorities through the columns of your paper
to the condition of Folsom street between
Fourth and Sixth. Those who have the con
tract to bituminize the two blocks have re
moved all the basalt blocks on botn sides, ex
cept the entrance to stables, etc., which leaves
tliK street in a very bad condition and detri
mental to any 0113 living or doing business
withm above named blocks.
Winter Is fast approaching and there is no
sign of the contractor resuming the work, Con
sequently it seems quite possible that the
street will be left in the same condition as it
wtis two years ago— simply impassable.
_  R. li. McDonald.
San Francisco, Sept. 23.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The death of M.Thome, formerly a stone
mason and later a millionaire, is announced
from Paris.
Nansen's first words to his "discoverers"
were: "How is my wife, and how is Norwe
gian politics."
The wife of the Bishop of Winchester may
often be seen bicycling on the great highways
of the New Forest
It is said that the Khedive of Egypt has now
accepted a government Invitation to visit
England next year.
The new Shah of Persia is anxious to open
the country to international commerce, and
favors the introduction oi electricity and
steam.
Captain William Long, R. N., now in com
mand of the guardshlp Devastation, at Devon
port, has been asked to take again the chief
command of the Chinese navy, which he held
from 1886 to 1890, and will probably accept.
He is a mandarin of the peacock feather, ana
wears the star of the third grade of the second
order of the Double Dragon.
In the days of his boyhood Edwin Winter,
who recently purchased the entire line of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, its Donds,
stocks, leased and branch lines, for $:3,000.
-000, an d has been elected its president under
the reorganization, lived in Campion Village,
N. H., his father bsing a native of that town.
When Edwin was in his teens the family
moved West, and there he worked as a clerk
in a Chicago grain house.
AN UNPRECEDENTED SITUATION
New York Sun.
Bryan was nominated on the 10th of July,
two mouths ago. During that long time there
has not been a single Democrat of real conse
quence and distinction in the whole State of
New York who has declared himself In favor
en the candidate and the platform on which he
was nominated. Nearly all the Democrats of
the State most honored by the party and influ
ential in it have openly and formally repudi
ated both platform and ticket »s un-Demo
cralic and unworthy of tho countenance of
any patriot.
A JACKET COSTUME FOR GIRLS.
Jacket effects are always extremely becom
ing to little girls and the one shown here is an
unusually graceful cut. The full under front
is becoming alike u> stout or very slender fig
ures. A stylish addition is the "narrow belt,
which may be of leather, gilt braid or ribbon.
The skirt is simply gathered into the band, a
five-inch band of hair cloth or some stiff inter-
lining being set on the bottom to give the
proper flare. Wash-dresses are simply hemmed
at the foot and worn over very full petticoats.
A dress of cadet blue had a full vest of blue
and green shot BilK. The rovers and collar
were likewise of the silk, with green spangles
■et on. The round yoke at top of the front had
rows of green braid. A dress of dark-blue
novelty goods had a vest of batiste, cross
barred with stripes of many blight colors. The
sailor collar was ot the same fabric, the revers
being of the mohair.
All woolen roods makeup beautifully after
this model. One of a blue and white broken
check had a vest of blue and white silk.
PULL HIM DOWN.
San Francisco Populist
We do not claim to speak for the Democratic
party as a party, but we claim to voice the sen
timents of every right-tninking man In the
party from California to Maine. The time has
arrived when it is necessary to Insist, in all
fairness, that Sewall of Maine should be pulled
aown from the National Democratic ticket.
The time limit is up and Sewall should be rele
gated, practically speaking, to the forecastle
of one oi his floating hells. The man is a wolf
In sneep's clothing, a fraud, a snare and a de
lusion. We know him personally as both boy
and man, and are prepared to establish beyond
all quer-tion that he is neither a friend of labor,
silver, God nor the devil. He is a Sewall man;
that is all. Pull him down. He is beyond
classification except i:\ the sense we put 'him.
He is utterly unworthy of being the running
mate of Groyer Cleveland 0:1 a ticket nomi
nated In hell. We know Sewall, but were not
prepared to denounce him unt.l his own State
damned him. No wonder his own son aban.
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S.Gov't Report
ABSQ&UTE&Y PURE
doned him. We doff our hat to the boy. Full
him down. „__________________
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Deer Season— L., Millbrae, Cal. In 1880
the deer season was op.-n from January 1 to
July 1 and in 1890 it was open from the Ist O f
January to June 1.
A Hymn— S. J., City. The hymn "There is a
Happy Land," which has been translated into
nineteen languages, was written by Andrew
Young, a native of Edinburgh, Scotland in
1838.
French History— T. P., City. After the exe
cution of Louis XVI and then the execution
of Marie Antoinette in France, the Nntional
Convention was iri power; after tiiat ttie
Directory, the Consulate and then Napoleon I
Hard Drinkers— X., Alameda, Cal. While
it is true that many professional men are hard
drinkers, it is not true that the best profes
sional men are such. Many of the best profes
sional men are not addicted to tUedrinkiu?
habit.
Siphon the Lakk— R. P. If.. Colfax, lowa
This correspondent suggests that it would bo
more practical to siphon Eagle Lake, described
in an article In The Call ot the 26th of August,
than to tap it for the purpose of drawing the
water Irom the lake.
Mme. Alba xi— M. W., Oakland, Cal. Mme.
Albani, prim--, donna, was born In Chambly,
Canada, in 1851. Her family name was La
Jeunesse, and she descended from one of tho
early French families of the country. She
made her first appearance in Albany, N. V., at
the age of 12, and met with such success that
she adopted the professional name of AibanL
She married Ernest Gye,
TheSkvex Wonders— T. P., City." The seven
wonders of the world, the ancient world, were:
The Pyramids, first, which in Egypt were laid;
Next Babylon's Gardens, for my Us made;
Then Mausulo> Tomb of affection ana guilt:
Fourth, the Temple of Diana. In Jiphesus built:
The Colossoj of Rhodes, cast in brass, to the sun ;
sixth, Jupl er's Statue, by I'hitllas done;
The Pharos oi Egypt, last wonder of Old,
Or Palace of Cyprus, cemented with gold.
Akciext Egyptians- T. P., City. The ancient
Egyptians had distinctive family names and
distinctive names to distinguish one member
of the family from the other. They did not
usj '-Mr., Mrs. or Miss" for the reason
that the English tongue was unknown
to them. They had a number of holidays
which they observed and they used engage
ment rings. Osiris, Isis and Horus were
Egyptian gods.
Caminetti— F. H., City. Anthony Camin
etti represented tho Second District of Cali
fornia in Congress, which includes Alpine,
Atnador, Butte, Calaveras, El Dorado, Inyo,
Mariposa, Mono, Nevada, Placer, Sacramento,
San Joaquin, Butter and Tuoiumne counties,
in the *my-second and Fifty-third sessions.
He was not re-elected to the present session.
His home is in Jackson, Atnador County.
When he is in this Citya letter directed tohim
at the Lick House will reach him.
Faise Prbtensk— Subscriber, City. Any In
dividual who would go to a transportation
company and obtain tickets at reduced rates
on the ground that such were for a poor per
son and worthy object of charity, and would
then sell them at full rates, would be guilty ol
having obtained property by false pretenses,
but whether he could be convicted under the
law wouid depend upon the facts and the tes
timony obtainable. The degree of the crime
would depend upon the value of the property
obtained. If a man should secure admission,
for an Individual into a public in.-tituiion and
then collect $10 from the- relatives or friend*
of the individual on the representation that
the Mate charged that much, he t-houUl <er
taiuly be prosecuted and should be reported to
the prosecuting attorney of the couuty.
The Coinage of the United States— J. D.,
Vacavllle, Cal. Tiie coinage of silver dollars,
half dollars, quarters, dimes and half
dimes was authorized by act of Congress of
April 2, 1792. Dollars were fir-t coined in
1793 to 1805, :hen, by order of the executive,
coinage of the silver dollar was discontinued
until 1836. There were no dollars coined in
1837, but in 1838 th«y were coined again and
continued successively until 1873, when the
silver dollar was demonetized, and none wer<i
coined again until 1878, when it was re
monetiz^a and its coinage was continued un
til 18i)4 inclusive, in which year only 758
pieces were coined. Dollars were coined until
November 16, 1895, when by order of the Sec
retary of the Treasury the coinage was
stopped and was not resumed until the 25th of
last January. Half dollars were coined
In 1793 to 1796, then from 1801 to
1814) ana then from 1816 to the present
time. The coliage of quarters was in 17i>6
and 1797; 1804 to 1807, 1815 and 1816, 1818
to 1823, lb_s, 1827 to 1828 and 1831 to date
Dimes ware coined in 1796 to 17S>8, 1800 to
1 •".!.-.. 1807. 1809 to 1811. 1814, 1820 to 1823,
1825, 1827 10 date. Half-mines were coined
in 1794 to 1797. 1800 to 1803. 1805, 1829 to
1873 when the coinage of silver half-dimes
was discontinued. Nickel 5-ceut pieces were
authorized in 1866, and have been coined
every year since that date.
Tunnel— N. S. M., East Oakland, Cal. There
is a tuunel under the St. Clair River between
Port Huron, St. Clair County, Mich., and
Sarnia, Canada. This tunnel was built to con
nect the tracks of the Grand Trunk Railroad
of Canada with the Chicago and Grand Trunk,
the Detrcit, Grand Haven and Milwaukee and
the Toledo, Saginaw and Muskegon railroads
in the United States. The tunnel was built of
cast-iron segments by means of hydraulic
shields, and was the first cast iron tunnel of
its kind and tne longest river tunnel in tho
world— 6oso feet. It was begun in August,
1889, and was Duilt at the rate of 159 feet per
week, the two shields meeting in the center
August 30, 1890. The iirst railroad trip was
made through it April 9. 1891, and it was
formally opened on the 19th of the following
September. The outside diameter is 21.7 and
the inside 20 feet. The cost of constructing
this tunnel was within tho estimate ot
$3,000,00. In 1871 it was proposed to con
struct a tunnel under the Detroit River to con
nect the City of Detroit with tne Canadian
ride, for use ot the Michigan Central and the
Great Western Railway of Canada. A small
drainage tunnel was driven as an experiment
to a distance of 1240 feet from the Michigan
side and more than 370 feet from the Canadian
shore. Great difficulties were encountered
from the inflow of water and gas, the former
under a head much greater than that due to
the depth of the river. The cost far exceeded
the expectations. Rnd the work was finally
abandoned in 1873.
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
•- — » <
Spkcial information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pran
flipping Bureuu (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
New Corporation.
The Henry Welch Mining Company wai ye*
terday incorporated
Arc You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Itailrqad— Santa ?•
route— Is ; the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily - through from Oakland it>
Chicago, ' leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticket- office, 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1531. Oakland,
HIS Broadway. IBSfiafil
: ••.-•■ ; « ' ♦ *
Great Rock Inland Route Playing; Card*
. Send 12 cents In stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C. B. I. and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the . slickest ' pack of playing cards
you ; ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent you
postpaid. '"35p88i
Orders containing 60 . cents in stamps or postal
note for same amount .< will secure 5 pacts by ex
press, charges paid."
. \ • — ■» »
If your complaint Is want of appetite try half a
wine glass of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters be
fore meals.
• • »
The hair ; cannot flour sh unless the scalp la
kept in good condition. AVer's Hair Vigor gives
universal satisfaction as a dreeing.
I—'1 — ' m * -»
A humming-bird a little larger than a
house-fly is common in the East Indies.THURSDAY... 7. SEPTEMBER 24, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
. COI.CMBIA Theater- 'In Spite Of Alt."
Jtrsosco-s -tiiiM-Hoi!"-"Mr. Potter of
Texas." '-
Tivom CprrA-HorK*-— "AUIa.
ORPHKCM-Hlch-Class Vaudeville.
I A ICAfAB THEATKB.- " Divorce. "
K-Tito Bathb— Bftthlnsr and performances. \
tBooT the CitvrrTES-Daiiy « ±ial«hs street, i
m- block east ot tl.r Hark.
Mechanics' Utbtitctbi PAvruoir—
i.inth Industrial Exposition.
AUCTION SALES.
By Indiana auction; Co.-This (Jay (Thnrs-
day). Furniture, at 1400 Van Ness avenue, at 11
clock.
Davis, Habeb A Co.— Friday, September 25,
Bicycles, at 211 fine street, at 11 o'clock.
ByEaston * Eldkidgk.— Tuesday, September
-9, Heal Kstate, at salesroom, bBB Market street, at
13 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
There is a good demand in Italy for Calilor
nin prunes.
Five X: iscopal bishops will convene in this
City next week.
A. W. Landers has been arrested on a charge
of cruelty t.> an animal.
Woman-suffrage workers report enconrag
inij news from the precincts.
The grand bicycle carnival and parade will
take place in this City October 4 and 5.
J. J. Dwyer addressed a Democratic aud
ience at Metropolitan Temple last even inc.
Yesterday was Frer.ch lay at the Histor
ical Carnival held in the Native Sons' Hall.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Women's Re
publican State Central Club was held last
iitgnt
The Non-Partlsan Convention at last night's
nift-ting nominated James D. Phelan for
Mayor.
The City Hall Commissioners let contracts
for a large amount of work on the tower yes
terday.
Police Captain Wittman was presented by
local merchants with a handsome diamond
badge last evenine.
R. \V. Brown, a one-legged man, arrived yes
terday, claiming to have pedaled from South
Dakota on his bicycle.
The Board of Health yesterday notified
nveutv-tive hot ranchers to move outside the
hog limits by October 1.
The Supreme Court has effirmed the judg
ment of tiie Superior Court of Sacramento dis
barring Attorney Wharton.
A glandered horse whs killed by Secretary
Holbrook of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animais y* sterday.
The charge Of perjury against Dr. A. A. Cun
ningham was dismissed by Judge Joachimsen
yesterday for lack of prosecution.
G. H. Lawrence, accused of forgery, had his
preliminary hearing before Commissioner
Heacock yesterday, and thecase was dismissed.
Bernard Schmidt, n streetsweeper, was
knocked down and seriously injured by a run
away horse on Market street yesterduy after
noon.
Fifteen companies of the police, comprising
375 men, wer« inspected ana put through dif
<.-volutions yesterday afternoon by Chief
«. rowley.
Quarrymen vorking on Kentucky street rent
Ehowers of flying debris aj,'ttinst dwellings lo
using extra uigu explosives in blasting Blue
rock HilL
The grand festival given in aid of the Youths'
Directory will be open< -d to-night, by the Very
Rev. Father Prendergast, at Armory Hall, on
Page street.
Kmma Ashley was yesterday acquitted of the
charge of assault to commit murder, in having
Fhot at E. J. Baldwin in Judge Slack's court
room, on July 2.
Representative citizens held a conference
With Monaeers Gibbs and Groom last night
and agreed to put up a cash deposit for tao
Corbett-Sharkey contest.
Jo.'in F. More was yesterday removed from
the administratorship of A. P. More's estate
Judge Coffry says he has embezzled $12,000
of the fuuds iv trusted to him.
Genio Dalton, Albert Jlorton and Joseph
Martin, three boys, were arrested yesterday
n turnoon for breaking into the house of \V.
Loncas, 804 Greenwich street.
Joseph Holladay of Portland, brother of Ben
H".laday, found-jr of the overland stage and
pony express, is here. He says it is dull in
Oregon, with politics much mixed.
The Kelly-Mahoney combination added new
names to their list of candidates last night,
aud threw bouqjiets at each other for their
good intentions and purity of purpose.
Philip Phillies, tailor, 7 Eddy street, and a
prominent member of the Ancient Order of
Foresters, attempted to commit suicide in his
shop yesterday morning by swallowing a dose
of chloroform.
Colonel de Wogack, military agent ot Russia
in China aud Japan, who accompanied Li
Hung Chang through Europe, is here. He
says Russia does not want Korea, and that
Japan can hold Formosa.
There is trouble in the air at the Home
Products Espo-ition in the Pavilion caused by
BundleHder Guutnv Hinrichs refusine to play
pieces selected by R. l\ Doolan of the music
and entertainment committee.
Stone produced by Folsom convict labor will
bo used in the construction of the Affiliated
< oilegse. This is stated to be the fact by James
Rae of the Rae Building Company, wriich has
the contract for the masonry work.
Suit was yesterday filed praying thit the Su
perior Court determine whether or not Georee
Crocker has been sober for the past five years
in order that a trust fund, contingent on his
sobriety, may be transferred to him.
Several lawvom of high standing in this City
have given it as their professional opinions
tnat Kelly and Mahoney are political freeb
ooters and bolters, and that their county
convention Is a usurpation of power.
At the meeting of the Railroad Commission
yesterday Commissioner Stanton introduced a
motion, which was adopted, requesting all rail
roads to file annual reports \vith:n ten days
and informing them that failure to comply
would subject them to legal prosecution.
Charles L. Taylor was nominated for Mayor
William A. Deane for Auditor and Cord
Wetjt-n for Tax Collector last night by the
regular Republican Municipal Convention
which also adopted a platform amid most en
thusiastic applause. The nominees were
greeted with ringing cheers.
The recent report of the Grand Jury, which
contained numerous pointed remarks con
cerning the Board of Health and other public
officials, has apparently roused a sense of in
dignation in the breasts of the members of the
board. A tMrt letter was mailed to Secretary
Frank P. McLennan yesterday in which all ad
vice and suggestions are resented as "uncalled
ior and unnecessary."
THE BICYCLE PARADE.
It Will Take Place In This City on
the Evening of Oc
tober 5.
At a meeting of the Wheelmen's Manu
facturing League, held last night in the
Nucleus building, it was deciued to hold
the grand bicycle parade on the night of
October 5. Edwin Mohrig was appointed
grand marshal. A bicycle carnival will
take place October 4 and 5.
It was decided to invite all the country
clubs to attend the carnival and parade,
and all the city clubs of wheelmen to en
tertain the visitors in a handsome manner.
Chief Crowley and Sheriff Whelan have
assured the bicyclists that they will be
fully protected along the line of march,
and that there will be no such interference
as there was during the last parade. The
route of the procession will be from
Golden Gate and Van Ness avenues to
Market street, then to Kearny, to Bush
and countermarching over the same line.
Cars of the lines along the route will be
stopped. The Alpha Club of Wheelmen
will lead the parade. The City clubs are
enthusiastically preparing for the event,
and it promises to be a grand affair in
bicycle circles. A meeting will be held at
the same place this eveniu :at 7 :30 o'clock.
Suit for Damage*.
James A. Shlland, a carpenter, has sued
Robert Williams'* arid: Frank Foster, contrac
tors, : for 0,000 damages ; for . Injuries sus
aiued by being struck , by the en<\ of a plank
which was ■ sawed off by one of the defendants
•who whs working above Shiland on a building
in process of erection;, ; :•. : .■.
Benjamin Moore's Will.
The will of Benjamin Moore, who left a $15,
-000 estate to his .widow, Eliza' Moore, was
yesterday sled for probate.
The Space Between the Golden Gate and the Farallones "Was Crowded With Shipping Yesterday. Vessels Loaded "With Wheat Were on Their Way to Sea and Vessels to
Load Wheat Were Coming: In. Tugs and Coasters Filled Up the Scene.
.4 WHEIT FLEET
■ OFF THE HEADS
Some Were Leaving for
Europe and Some
Coming.
TUGS WERE IN EVIDENCE
They Were Ready for Business
and Had a Very Busy
Day of It.
A WHALEBACK SAILING SHIP.
The Bermuda Got la From Puget
Sound After a Long Search
for Work.
Wheat and barley are in demand in
Europe and in consequence freights have
advanced ana vessels are all trying to
make time. Tramp steamers have cume
here from all parts ot the world, and me
cry is "still they come." Puget Sound,
Central America and the Orient have
thrown their disengaged tonnage on Cali
fornia, but the demand has been so great
that vessels are now eagerly sought for by
the grain merchants. Nearly 100,000 tons
of wheat and oarley have left here during
the past month, but the supply is uu
diminished and every vessel in port and
those on the way can be loaded.
Yesterday tbe Merchants' Exchange
marine reporter had a busy time of it at
the Heads. Three ships and a steamer, all
grain laden, went out and several vessels
were coming in at the same time. The
tugs which towed the grain ships to sea
made for borne as soon as the work was
done, and in consequence visitors to the
Cliff House saw the prettiest scene viewed
from Point Lobos this year.
Among the departures was tbe British
ship Star of France with 51,245 centals of
barley, valued at $40,500; the Britiab ship
Formosa with 43,662 centals of bariey and
&*3l centals ot wheat, valued at $45,000;
the Norwegian steamer Aggi with &5,i7U
centals of barley and 50,579 centals of
wheat, valued at $75,380, and the Helens
burgh with a wheat cargo valued at over
$45,000. Tbe John Cookts is to sail to-day,
to the race home is sure to be a lively one.
Tbe betting on the race is brisk, favoring
the Star ot France. Captain Wyatt says
he will beat the record "il I only get fair
winds." The ship in question is a smart
vessel and me chances are that she will
show the others her heel?.
Cauiain Cooper of tbe British ship Royal
Forth ana Captain Mereuitn of the Do
minion Lad a slight d ifference on a Mar
ket-street car last uigfat. Captain Cooper
and his wife boarded the car at the
Kearny-street junction and took the front
seat on tbe dummy. He was dressed like
an Englishman ami bad the accent of bis
mother country in bis speech. Captain
Meredith happened to be on tbe same car,
and just bebind the couple. Getting as
near to the Yankee twain; as a Welshman
possibly can, he remarked, "Strangers
welcome to San Francisco." Cooper
stopped the car and was demanding an
explanation, when be recognized bis life
long friend. The Dominion and Royal
Forth have be*n in Rio tie Janeiro, New
castle, N. S. W., and tbis port together
duriDg tbe past twelve months, so it did
not tate Captain Cooper's anger long to
turn into joy as soon as be recognized his
friend.
The four-masted British ship Bermuda
got in from Puget Suund in ballast yester
day. Sue will load wheat for Europe, and
will get quick dispatch. She is an English
whaieback and tbe first of her kind that
has ever come to San Francisco. She has
no bulwarks, but shipping men say the
venture is a failure. Tbe decks are always
c!rar of water, out, then, the crew have-to
suffer in consequence. They are exposed
to the full fury of the gale, and do not like
the innovation. The Bermuda came from
England to Ban Diego. From there ebe
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
went to Nanaimo and then came here in
ballast to load wheat.
John Molloy ot 54 Clay and Fred Potter
of 47 Clay had an altercation that ne;irly
ended in a free fi^lu yesterday. After an
animated discussion Molloy threw a
bucket of wat<:r ovpr Potter. Captain
Hornsby interfered and Molloy threw a
bucket of water over him. After a wordy
warfare the whole matter as amicably
adjusted at Billy and Harry. ..
WHARTON IS WORSTED.
The Supreme Court Will Not Remove
the Judgment "Whereby He la
Disbarred.
Z. F. Wharton, a Sacramento attorney
recently disbarred by the Superior Court
of Sacramento County, appealed to the
Supreme Court for redress yesterday.
Justice Garoutte rendered a decision
affirming the judgment of the Capital
City tribunal, Justices Harrison, Hen
shaw. McFarlana and Temple concurring.
The main charges against Wharton are
that in the divorce case of Hoxie against
Hoxie he filed a fraudulent affidavit, and
did the same in hi 9 own application for a
divorce from his wife. The affidavits in
bot • cases were signed by one Peter
Stortz, who was led to believe that he was
signing a receipt in the former instance
and a will in the latter. Wuarton's con
tentiona in his own favor are dismissed
from consideration by the court as in
sufficient,
CALIFORNIA FRUITS.
In Great Demand in Several European
Countries.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the State
Board of Trade, has been informed tbat a
general horticultural exposition— one of
the most extensive in modern history —
will be held in Hamburg, Germany, from
May to September of next year. H;s cor
respondents, who are representative Ger
mans of tbis City, earnestly advise that
the Btate Board of Trade make special
efforts to send a fine exhibit to the Ger
man exposition.
They claim that an exhibit of what this
State can produce in tbe dried and pre
served fruit line would be the means of
creating a demand for California products
in Germany. The matter will be consid
ered at the cext meeting of the board.
The secretary of the California Wine
Association also writes to Mr. Fiicher
stating tbat Pietro Righi of Bologna,
Italy, has written to the association, and
says that in Genoa there is a great de
mand for California prunes shipped in
bags. Mr. Filciier will place the matter
before local dealers with the view of send
ing on several consignments and filling
Italy's demand for prunes.
WAS EXONERATED.
The Charge of Perjury Against Dr. A.
A. Cunningham Is ' Dismissed. '
The case against Dr. A. A. Cunningham,
ex-secretary of the Veterinary Department
of the State University, charged with per
jury, was dismissed by Judge Joachimsen
yesterday, as the complaining witness,
Justice of the Pease Carroll, failed to ap
pear. , i
• The charge arose out of a statement made
on an affidavit by Dr. .Cunningham for a
change of venue in regard to the hearing
of a charge of misdemeanor-embezzlement
against him. : Justice of the Peace Carroll
was at the time presiding in Judge Con
lan's court, ; and in the affidavit it was
stated that he belonged to the same order
a? the prosecuting witness in the embez
zlement case. .
It is understood that the charge was
based on misinformation and Justice Car
roll is stated to have made the amende
honorable' to Dr. Cunningham, by apolo
gizing for having, through a misunder
standing, put him to any trouble in the
matter. Tbis action entirely exonerates
the doctor.
IWllHifHill — ' iii
To Bribe a Witness.
B. F. Tront, 517 Minna street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Campbell's court yester
day, for the arrest of B. Curran, on the charge
Df offerii.j; to bribe a witness. Tront alleges
tliat Curran, who was the defendant In a suit
In the Justices' Court, brought by J. J. Raver
offered to give Louis Zuike, a witness, Ipjri to
testify falseiy. Curran was arrested and em
phatically denies the ci.arge.
The Divorce Court*.
Maria B. Preston was yesterday granted X
divorce from Dr. Walton Preston because of
the latter's cruelty. Alimony of $25 per
month was allowed the plaintiff. This closes
a case that has dragged tnrough the couru ior
a long time.
Mary Fitzgerald was divorced from J. A.
Fitzgerald by Judge Sanderson, on the ground
of extreme cruelty.
Trunks Moved 25 Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutler street.
Teiepuoae Mala 49. Keep your ciiecks i ur ÜB .»
FIVE BISHOPS
WILL CONVENE
An Episcopal Conference to
Be Held Here Next
Week.
BISHOP NICHOLS* IDEA.
They Will Come From Olympia,
Utah, New Mexico and
Los Angeles.
ALL TO PREACH ON SUNDAY.
The Bishops Have a Programme
Before Them That Will Last
the Entire Week.
Episcopalians will have a plethora of
riches next Sunday in the matter of
preachers, for five local pulpits will be
occupied simultaneously by as many bish
ops, all of whom have claims to eloquence.
It is said to have been Bishop Nichols'
idea to assemble together some of the
leading Western bishops in a sort of in-
Bishop Barker of the Diocese of
Olympia.
formal bishops' convention. It has been
his wish for some time to meet his breth
ren on the bench and talk over the inter
ests of Episcopalianism In the West. He
also wis: ed to see all the Western bishops
become trustees of the Divinity School at
San Mateo, for, though the school was
founded primarily for this diocese, it also
aims at taking students from all the West
ern section of the country.
Four bishops were able to respond to
Bishop Nichols' desire, and they are ex
pected here on Saturda3\ They are:
Bishop Barker of Oiympia, Western Wash
ington, Bishop Kendrick of Arizona and
New Mexico, Bishop Johnson of Los An
geles and Bishop Leonard of Utah Ne
vada and Western Colorado. The Ri<*ht
Rev. William Morris Barker, D.D.. suc
ceeded Bishop Paddock aa Bishop of Olym
pia. He is a man about 40 years of age
and ij said to be full of energy and enter
prise. He is what might be called a broad
churchman, a man of liberal education,
who has traveled much and read much!
and he is said to be an excellent business
director. Bishop Barker has the open
sincere manner peculiar to people familiar
with Western Hie, and is as easily ap
proached as the humblest curate in his
diocese.
Bishop Kendrick has been several years
in Ni'W Mexico and Arizona, of which he
is the third missionary Bishop. He is a
man of great energy, and is said to be a
1 line speaker. One feature of bis work nas
been the way in which he has taken the
Reformed Church of old Mexico into his
jurisdiction. He has made several pas
toral visits across the frontier, and has
held confirmations and ordained deacons
in the sister republic. Bishop Kendrick is
a native of Ohio.
Bishop Leonard succeeded Bishop Tut
tle as Missionary Bishop of Utah. Bishop
Johnson of Los An-eles is well known in
this City, as he was here during the re
cent Episcopal convention. The fifth
Bishop who will occupy a local pulpit will
be Bishop Nichols himself.
Ah interesting programme has been ar
ranged to occupy the entire week during
the bishops' stay. On Sunday tbey will
preach morning and evening. Bishop
Barker wiil occupy the pulpit of St. John's
in the morning and will be heard, at St.
Paul's in the evening. Bishop Kendrick
will give the morning to the Church of
the Advent and tbe evening to St. Steph
en's. Bishop Johnson will be heard at
Trinity in the morning and St. Luke's
Church at nitrht, and Bishop Leonard will
preach at Grace Churcn iv the morning
and St. Peter's at night.
On Monday Bishop Nichols and the
four visiting bishops will attend tbe meet
ing of the clericus aud in tbe afternoon
the Episcopalian clergy of this City who
compose the clericus will tender a dinner
at the Occidental to the visiting bishops.
On Tuesday evenina the Brotherhood of
St. Andrew and the Daughters of the
King will meet in tbe Church of the Ad
vent and there will be addresses by all the
bishops. On Wednesday the bishops will
visit the chnrch institutions of the diocese,
the Maria Kip Orphanage, the Sheltering
Arras, etc., and will lunch at Trinity
School. Thursday and Friday will be de
voted to visiting Bishoft Nichols and the
Divinity School at San Mateo, but on Fri
day evening there will be a grand mission
ary meeting at St. Luite's Church, at
which ail tbe bishops will speak. Satur
day will be devoted to a basket picnic to
Tamolpais and on Sunday all the bishops
will preuch again.
During his stay in this City Bishop
Barker will stay with his brother-in-law,
Colonel Mendell. Bishop Leonard will be
the guest ol James Brown of tbe Bank of
California.
Held for Perjury.
Meyer Livingston was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by Judge
Low la $1000 bonds on the charge of perjury.
He was a member of the insolvent firm of
Livingston Brothers, Junk dealer?, and during
his examination in the Superior Court swore
that a bag containing $5000 had been stolen
from his house, which forced the firm into
insolvency.
Royoe on Trial.
C. E. K. Royce, who is accused of embezzling
$2050 from the Veterans' Home Association, Is
on trial before Judge Troutt. This is His third
trial.
HEW TO-DAY.
GREAT SPECIALIEADERS!
From our New Stock, arriving in carloads. In every lot
Special Bargains, bought for cash, the potent magnet
which corrals the great values which we present to you
this week. Never before were such bargains offered by
manufacturers and jobbers of the country, and we have
secured the cream of the values, offered. Take pencil and
note our prices.
$1.00 Ladies' Scarlet Wool Vests and Pants $4.00 Extra Large, Fine and Heavy Mar-
we will mark at SOc each. .. ." eeilles Quilts this week $2.25
10C mfxed'colors^rffca pa*" 0 * 5 in K e . |! re^ Satine Comforts, soft
mixea colors, ior oc a pair. and tn i cl£) th^ week $«j #oo#
$1.50 Quality Gents' All- Wool Sweaters we ~r~- — : '"„: ---.■■ !l . ' . .."- ■ : — r—
will ticket &1.00. . 76c Extra Fine and Heavy 65-Inch Pure
37KC Grade Gents- Natural; Gray Phirts Linen Table Damask, a gem for S Qc.
37}£c Grade Gents' Natural Gray Phirts * *
, and Drawers down to gSc. $2.00 dozen Extra Large Linen Towels
Ue Quality Misses' Past Black Full-Fin- won't last long at »I.SO a dozen. '
ished Ribbed Hose/ our price lOC 150 pairs Lace Curtains, worth $1.25, $1.37^
; 15c Make of Ladies' Fast Black Fall-Fin- and $1.50, we will close out . 'at '*1.00
ished Cotton Hose, now lOC ■ '■ a pair. ; ■ ,-.
$1.00 Goods— Gents' Fine Percale Shirts, 10 ° pieces 32-Inch Lama Cloth, 12>^c
•> we will close out for s Oc. • • ' _ goods, we sell at Be a yard.
50c Quality 42-Inch New Design Fancy 75c Quality Fine Black Satin Soliel Dress
Mohair Dress Goods we marß 25c. . Goods, 46 inches wide, we say sOc.
$5.00 All-Wool California Blankets— Spe- Great Values in Black ]>ress
; cial price this week $3. 50. Goods.
lamesmTmorMl co.,
1009-1011-1013-1015 Market St.,
Near Sixth, Between Sixth and Seventh Streets.
HAS BEEN SOBER
FOR FIVE YEARS
George Crocker Gains a
Fortune on That
Account.
NOW WANTS HIS MONEY
Peculiar Provision Charles
Crocker Made for His Way
ward Son.
HAS HE KEPT HIS CONTRACT?
The Superior Court Is Asked to De
cide as to the Young Man's
Conduct
The Superior Court, in a complaint filed
by Charles F. Crocker and William H.
Crocker, has been asked to declare if George
Crocker has been strictly sober for five
years. If he has been he is entitled to a
princely fortune. The plaintiffs, who are
trustees of a fund amounting to over a
half million dollars, ask that the Superior
Court terminate their stewardship.
The trust is a peculiar one, and was
created by Charles Crocker, the father of
Charles F., William H. and George
Crocker, April 22, 1887. By terms of
an agreement made that day the property
was to be held in trust for George Crocker
for fifteen years. If during that time he
should remain Bober for a period of five
years it must be paid to him.
If George Crocker died within the time
named, without having received the heri
tage, or if he failed to remain sober for the
required period, the trust fund was to
have been distributed between the chil
KEVT TO-DAY." "
■>^^" Pretty
£%&f^& p.||,,
ff if It^lll'
' V says
I Pretty
■ Poll
She's just "poll parroting."
There's no prettines9 in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty
is that pretty does." In that
case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
and all liver troubles.
dren of Charles F. and William H. Crocket
and Harriet V. Alexander.
Charles Crocker died August 14, 1883,
and failed to make any provision for hia
son George in his will. The trust prop
erty, which consists of 490 bonds of the
Southern Pacific Branch Railway Company,
has been under the absolute control of the
trustees ever since.
George Crocker did not feel equal to the
task of winning his fortune until Septem
ber 22, 1891. On that day he abjured the
pleasures of the flowing bowl and has since
been sober. The period of proba
tion was up day before yesterday, and
George Crocker at once served notice that
he would like to have his half million.
The trustees are not only willing but
anxious to comply with this demand, but
are afraid to take the responsibility of
deciding that the beneficiary is entitled to
the property. They say in the complaint
filed that the minors, who would recieve
the money in the event of George
Crocker's failure to do so, may have some
reason to question the statement as to his
recent sobriety, and hence ask the court
to determine whether or not he la en
titled to the money.
NEW TO-DAT.
Mr. Grocer, think of your
customer.
Schillings Best is the tea
she wants.
You will sell, more tea
and everything else.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco . gjj<)
KEW TO-1> AY— AMUSE MENT3.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
M RS.ERXESI ink Kket.tso. Proprietor <& Manager
Tli© Qrand Opera, Season
KRTTTRN OF THE FAVORITES!
THIS BV3NINQ
Verdi's Divine Inspiration,
Cast includes : -
MME. If ATALI, BKRXICE HOLMES.
BUYS THOMAS, JOHN J. RAFFAEI*
BIG. AEKAMOFF, SIU. NAPULEONL
Etc. Etc. Etc.
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
100 People on the Stage. >
■ TO MORROW EVENING
IDA VALKItGA,
F. MICHELENA, M. DE VBIEB
In the Cast. ■
In Preparation :~T~: :■ BATANELL&
Popular Prices— 2Sc«nd SOc.
WICDLAnDtiIOOTTLOD «_^_Lt»M ahd nA«A4«>- ■ •
TO-DAY I THE SALE
BEGINS I FOR
THE "FAKEWELI WEEK" OF
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY!
But in the Meantime
You Will Miss It Not to See
I3NT spite OF at.t . t
■ A Powerful Dramatic Play.
Remember, "Farewell Week" Monday Next.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROBUO. sola Leiues anil 2£aaa*t*
EVERYBODY WAS THERE!
EVERYBODY WAS PLEASED
INSTANT SUCCESS OF
L. 11. STOCRWELL. VICTORY BATEIAI.
In Gunter's Most Successful Work,
"MR. POTTER OP TEXAS!"
Beautiful Gowns t Splendid Accessories I
Gorgeous Scenery ! ■
Evening Price*— Klc, JJoc and 500.
..- Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
F»rrell street, JJetvrpon Stockton ana Po.tblL
Week Common cine Monday, Sept. 31,
RILKV AND UITOHKS
CAKPOS BROTHERS.
MASTER WALTER LEON.
Only Two Night* More of
FILSOX ANL» KBUUL,
ABDULLAH and MLLE. ALMA.
Reserved Beats, 2ic; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Sea's, 50c.
Coming— The Famous Royal Hawaiian Band
and Glee Club. - .
Bklasco, Doan k & Jordan-. .Lessee* & Managers.
The Artistic Trkimph of the Week!
' ' DIVORCE! n ■
PRlCKS— Kvenlug: 150. Ssc, and 500.
Matinee: isc, £5c and .'{.*<■.
Secure Heats by Telephone, Black 991.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND HUND •» Y.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earta t
Open Dally from 1 to 11 P. M.
This and Every Evening at 10 o'clock,
ANTONIO I fill I Will Bide I own the Chutes
on a Bicycle and Land in the Lake.
The Wonder of the Century in the
A2\TIMATOBCOP>E *
Superior to the Vitascope.
. ON .EXHIBITION. EVERY EVENING.
• In the Casino
IRENE COOK. DttDseuse.
LOUIS MKYKKS. "King of Clubs."
• MUSICAL FLKTCHEB.
——And a Great Bis Bill !
SATTJBDAY NIGHT— PUJMED KNIGHTS!
ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, including : Merry-Go- Hound Hide, Scents, ■
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION I
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
GRANDEST EXPOSITION ON RECORD
": HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
Voting for the Five Best Exhibits
September 11 to October 1.
PRIZES— —SIX GOLD MEDALS.
See the Magnificent Display of Live FUhl
Thursday, September 24— fraternal night. Uni-
form Bank. Knights ot Pythias, and Che Knicker- •
bocker QuartfU • .
; Friday, September 25— League of the Cross Ca-
aets; .Native sous of the- Golden West: Native
Daughters of the Golden West; League of Ameri-
can Wheelmen: 9 p. m., rendering of patriotic
songs by the pupils of the Franklin Grammar
School. . : ; .
Saturday, September 26, afternoon— Babies' day, -
beautiful prizes for Handsomest Babies (12 prizes),
children 2 to 5 years of age: Stanford University
day, i- College , airs: ban Francisco ; Commercial
Travelers' Association; Literary Exercises in Art
.Gallery. ■' ;; _ ____. '/'.-_;■■
Admission 25c; Children ■ 15c. — —
OPKK DAY AND EVENING.
SUTRO BATHS'
Open Dally from 7 a. m." Until H p. it.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
[- tieneral Aaaisslou-Aauiva ioc, CUUdreu So.
78
HARNESS RACES 01
STOCKTON'S TRACK
Speedy Horses Compete in
Three Exciting
Events.
SLEEPY LOUPE AWAKENS
Phenomenal Time Made by the
Golden Gate Fark
Roadster.
TOO FAST FOR DEL NORTE.
Drivers McManus and Cecil Fined by
the Judges— Fanny C Shows
Class.
STOCKTON. Cal., Sept. 23.— With beau
tiful weather, a splendid card of trotting
and pacing events, and a free gate for the
fair sex, the officials of the track looked
for a big attendance to-day, yet it must
nave been with a feeling of disappoint
ment that they cast their syes upon the
meager crowd in the big grand stand, that
in the years gone by re-echoed with the
cheers of thousands of excited spectators.
Can it be that harness sport is on the
decline? It must be so. The betting, as
well as the betting ring itself, showed a
marked improvement, the pool sellers
enjoying a most enervating day's business.
In the lower grand stand, a couple of
wagon loads of the more pacific-minded of
the unfortunate human beings from the
State Insane Asylum gazed upon the
finishes, with at times a gleam of intelli
gence lighting up their stolid countenan
ces.
Of the sport itself, nothing bat praise
can be said. Fanny C, owned by the well
known Sacramento merchant, Hugh
Casey, made her field look very ordinary
in the 2:40 trot, much to her owner's
delight. She was driven by Charley
JeSeries, who thus successfully signalized
his first appearance before a California
racegoing public, and created a very
favorable impression.
Conn was finally cut loose and captured
the best part of the heat dash es for horses
of the 2:19 class. The 2:13 pace remained
unfinished as the sun sank below the
level of distant hills. And what an over
throw it promises to bel Del Norte, the
statuesque son of Altamont, buried in the
dust kicked up by the neels of the sleepy
looking Loupe, which all winter long
posed as an ordinary roadster in Golden
Gate fark, San Francisco, hauling his
owner out to the beach and sniffing the
invigorating sea breeze with such delight
ful results that he to-day stepped a mile
of the third heat in 2:lo>i and this in
such hurricane fashion as to indicate that
2:oB}£ might not be beneath his level. The
first heat, won by Del Norte and in which
Loupe barely got within the distance flag,
was expensive for Driver McManus, who
was rightfully fined $100 for his wiseness.
Another driver, W. Cecil, took things
easy in the 2:40 trot with Peter Jackson
and he stands charged up with $50.
Pity it is the strict rules of the running
turf are not in effect on the trotting and
pcaing turf. The iatter is gradually drift
ing to ruin through the machinations of a
clique of "wise drivers," who have grown
rich and again poor at the expense of a
disgusted puolic which now seeks relief
by staying away.
With but three very ordinary ones op
posing her, Fanny C sold a $20 to $4 favor
ite over the tield, and won in three straight
heats, with Peter Jackson taking second
nioney. The mare will hereafter appear
in the colors of Mr. Wins Dip.
The 2:19 trot, heat dashes, was a rather
contused affair. Before the first heat, clos
ing pools were: Field $10, Nettie Ham $9
and Neernut $4. Conn took the first two
heats off the reel, and that after making a
bad break in the second heat. He took a
mark of 2 :15^ in the first heat. A break
cost him the third heat, won by Eva T,
and under the conditions of the race he
as well as the mare went to the stable.
For the consolation heat, Neernut was
favorite over the field. He failed to get a
slice of the coin. Columbus S won the
heat, but was placed second and the heat
given to Clay S, greatly to the crowd's
satisfaction.
The betting on the 2:13 pace showed a
greatly agitated market, the pooling being
about the liveliest of the entire circuit.
Del Norte brought $40, Loupe $22, Hazel
HsB and the field $11. Del Norte took the
first heat after a bruising finish with Hazel
H, in the fast time of 2:lo>^, which is now
the black horse's mark ; the crowd cheered.
The heat winner then sold a $10 to $6
favorite over the field for the second heat,
with a few short-end purchasers. Loupe
challenged his brother back in the stretch
and made him look like a "yaller dore,"
winning easily in 2:11 J^. Now Loupe sold
82to 1 choice over the field. He marched
around Del Norte in the stretch and
finished like a cyclone in 2:lo}^, with Bill
Frazier second. In this heat the hand
some mare Lena N created a sensation by
flying past the field in ghostly fashion the
first quarter and giving promise of mak
ing the two-minute record. She made a
break midway down the backstretch,
which threw her put of ■[ the heat. The
race was postponed on account of dark
ness until 1 o'clock to-morrow. .
Trotting; 2:40 class; three In live; purse $700
Fanny C, b. m.. by Fallls-by Reno (Jef
»erie») .........1 1 i
Peter JacKson, br. a, by Designer (Cecil). 2 2 3
BHlups. b. s, by Bovdell (Davi5)....... ... ..4 4 2
Menlo Belle, b. m., by Menlo (Crawford) . 3 3 4
Time, 2:27— 2:24%— 2:27%.
Trotting; 2:19 class; heat dashes; purse $800.
Conn, b. s., oy Inca-by Irving! on (Kelly).. 11 4
Eva T, b. m., by Almont (shaver) , 3 2 1
Clay S, b. s., by Grover Ciay (Gannon) 2 6 6 1
Nettie Hum, b. m., by Max Ham (Mo
Dowell 48 2 4
Columbus H, b. s., by McDonald Chief
(Smith) 87 8 2
Neernut. b. s., by Albert W (Purfeei 6 4 3 5
Athavis.b. g., by Clovis (Clarke) 6 9 9 3
Anita, b.m., by Junio (Rodriguez) 7 8 6 7
ritzsimmons eh. g., by liexter Prince
(Havey) 96 7 8
Time, 2:1 5 V4-2:17S/ 4 -2:19^-2:19.
Pacing; 2:18 class; tnree in five; purse ?500
(unfinished).
Loupe, blk. g., by John-Seven Oaks (Jic-
Manus) .....6 1 1
Del None, blk. h., by Altamont (Durfee). 12 8
Haiel H, b. m.. by Bismarck (Van liokkelen) 2 4 4
Bill Frazier, blk. h., by Pnncemont (Shaneri.4 3 2
L«na In. b. m. by Sidney ( ir o! brook) 3 g 6
Buby M, b. m., by Almont Paictien (Sul
livan) 5 5 5
Time, 2:10J4-2:ll%-2:10Vi.
FOOTBALL AT STANFORD.
Fine Showing Made by the Men in a
Practice Game.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
23.— The playing of the football men to
day was admirable, considering how early
it is in the season. There was quite a per
ceptible amount of interference and the
team? worked together better than in the
previous games. Cross waded around in
the muddy clay after the players, and no
good play missed his commendation or no
poor play missed his reproof. His whole
heart was evidently in the game, and he
had the men equally interested. The
grounds were in miserable shape, being
water-soaked and slippery.
Dole '98 and Fisher '98, at halfback po
sitions, showed up well. Dole has a good
"straight arm," which helps him greatly
in his runs, and he is fast proving a first
class man back of the line. Fisher's
strong point is in bucking. He hits the
line with great force and is a hard man to
throw off his feet. Williams, at center of
tbe Varsity, played a good game, and B.
Thomas '97 and Lanegan '90, both at halfs,
showed that they had football blood in
them.
Among those who have thus far shown
the greatest ability as ends are McGilvray
'00 and Madden '00. They are speedy
men at getting under punted balls, and
each of them had several excellent tackles
to his record yesterday.
So evenly were the first and second elev
ens divided that neither showed much su
periority over the other. Inasmuch as
there still remain two weeks and more for
practice before the first match game of the
season Stanford, from present outlook,
should have a much better team afield
than ever before at so early a date in the
football season.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
tanding of the Clubs ant
Games Played in the
f Scores of tk
National
League Yestera
'ay.
Cl.tr us.
Won.
Lost.
Per
CenL
Baltimore
Cleveland....
Cincinnati... .^..-.
Boston
-'hicago
Pittsburg.
New for*
Philadelphia
Washington.
Brooklyn
St. Louis.
Louisville ........
89
79
77
72
71
66
03
61
68
st;
88
36
37
46
60
56
•'.7
60
tS6
67
70
72
89
92
.706
.632
.606
.562
.664
.623
487
.476
.453
.437
.299
.281
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 33.— Loaisvilles— 0,
3, 3; Clevel&nds— 2, 5, 0. Batteries— Prazier
and Dexter, Wallace and Zimmer. Umpire —
Sheridan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 23.—Washing
tons—9, 8, 2; New Yorks— 7, 16, 5. Batteries-
Norton and McGuire; Seymour and Warner.
Umpire— Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA, Pexn., Sept. 23.—Phila
delphias—17, 21, 3; Brooklyns— l6, l6,o. Bat
teries—Orth and Grady, Payne and Grim.
Umpire— Phelan.
NEVADA CITY RACES.
Adele, Sabilla and My Sweetheart the
Day's Winners.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Sept. 23.— The
attendance, at the fair grounds at Glen
brook Park to-day was much larger than
yesterday, owing partly to the more favor
able condition of the weather and partly
to the fact that the people are beginning
to realize that the Seventeenth District
Agricultural Association has arranged a
good speed programme and that many
fast horses have been brought here to
compete for the purses offered. Interest
is increasing and the number .of specta
tors will grow larger day after day. The
result of to-day's events follow:
Special trot and pace; purse $400 — Won by
Adele, Monwood second, King of the King
third. Best time, 2:27%.
Selling race for all ages, seven-eighths of a
mile; purse $200— Won by Sabilla, Tooey sec
ond. Time, 1:30%.
Hurdle race, fire hurdles, one and a'quarter
mile?, Ruhstaller's Gilt Edge stake, $300
added— by My Sweetheart, Huntsman
second. Time, 2:26%.
All gambling games have been stopped
by the Sheriff.
LASTERS JURI SVENTS
Remits of Racing Cards in Brooklyn
and St. I.ouls.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 23.— Results:
Three-quarters of a mile, Martha Griffin
won, Tricky Jim second, Oak Forest third.
Time, 1:17.
Three-quarters of a mile, Ethel Dray won,
King Michael second, Fau«h-a-Ballagh third.
Time, 1:16.
Thirteen-sixteenths of a mile, Uncle Abb
won, Mercury second, Tommy Rutter third
Time, 1:22%.
Three-quarters of a mile, Aquinas won,
Harry Duke second, J. A. Gray third. Time.
1:14.
One mile, Terragnes won, John Hickey sec
ond, Fasig third. Time, 1 :43%.
Three-quarters of a mile. Queen Safie won,
Charlie Reiffo second, Ray U third. Time,
1 :15 3 i.
BROOKLYN. N. . V., Sept. 23.— Results:
Eleven-sixteenths of a mile, Plandit A won, Red
Spider second, The Stockbroker third. Time.
1 :12.
Eleven sixteenths of a mile, Trailine woe,
Mp.xine Elliott second, Trianon third. Time.
1:11&
Mile and a sixteenth, Rondo won. Volley
second, Musketone third. Time, 1:52%.
Five-eighths of a mile, Xmas won, Rosso
second. Hi Daddy third. Time, 1 :03.
One mile, Belmar won, Brandywine second,
Tinse third. Time, 1:43.
Three- fourths mile, Tom Cromwell won,
Harrineton second, Ameer third. Time, I*l3
TERRE HAUTE. Ind., Sept. 23.— China
Silk and Bright Light were the only favor
ites who won at the Terre Haute Trotting
Association meeting. The sensation was
Pearl Onwards last half of the mile in the
2:25 pace, which she made in l:O2J£ and
tne last quarter in :30}£. Summaries:
2:16 trot, $1000, unfinished from yesterday.
Pratell won, Axtelloid second, Atlantis third.
Best time. 2 :l3}£.
2:50 trot, $1000, China Silk won. Mabel
Moneypenny second, Axmure third. Best
time, 2:21%.
2 :20 trot, $2000. Jack Dawson won, Emma
Offul second, Captain Jack third. Best time.
2:11%.
2:25 pace, $1000, Bright Light won, One One
second, Pearl Onward third. Best time,
2 :09%.
A GIRL'S FOOLISH ACT
Mildred A. Clark Took Lauda
num in a Market-Street
Lodging-House.
She Said Seme One Told Her to Go
to the Devil, and She
Tried to Do So.
She was told to go to the devil. That
was all that caused Miss Mildred A. Clark
to swallow a bottleful of laudanum, so
she says, and but for timely assistance the
girl would now' have been dead.
She is young, handsome, is a talented
vocalist, and lived in a good home at 2218
Webster street.
Early yesterday afternoon Mlbs Clark
went to the Mascot lodging-house at 1118
Market street and hired a room, of which
she immediately took possession.
Late last evening some noise attracted
Ed M. Sim, one of the runners for the
nouse, to enter the room, and he found
her lying on a sofa unconscious.
At once the girl was aroused, and was
walked up and down the floor to keep the
eflects of the laudanum from overcoming
her, and then, when she was in a con
dition to remain still for awhile, she was
sent to the Receiving Hospital.
At the'hospitai the girl said some one —
she would not say who — had told her to
go to the devil, and. as she was tired of
life, she thought she would do so.
She wanted Dr. Hubbell of 2339 Pine
street sent for, as sl.e said he was the fam
ily physician, but he refused to come and
said to send for her mother. This was
done.
s, In her pockets were found a bottle
which had contained the laudanum,
labeled Bowman & Sons, Oakland; also a
card with the inscription "Miss Mildred
A. Clark, mezzo soprano."
She seemed well acquainted in musical
circles.
Her folks were surprised when they
learned she was at the hospital, but be
yond saying her mother would be down
later they would not speak of the case.
Of the natives of Indi* about 2,000,000
can sow read English.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
AROUND THE WORLD
ON A BICYCLE
A One-Legged Rider Is
Pedaling His Weary-
Way.
TRAVELED 2878 MILES.
He Left Madison, South Dakota,
on June i, and Went as
He Pleased.
FLEP FROM "HARD TIMES."
Now His Possessions Are Reduced to
a Single Cent, Some Old C othes
and His Trusty Wheel.
R. W. Brown, who left Madison, South
Dakota, on June 1 to ride a bicycle around
the world, reached this City yesterday
afternoon, weary, battered, bruised and
hungry.
Brown is not trying to matte any par-
ticular record. All he wants is a change
of scenery and especially to get away, as
be says, from "the hard times in South
Dakota."
He has been pushing westward only
one-third of the three months and twenty
three days he has been away from Madi
son, and has made many pleasant stops
along the road.
At Ogden he rested for four days and he
spent two pleasant weeks in Salt Lake
and eight days at Sacramento, without
counting brief stops at minor points along
the road.
"In all," stated the cyclist, "I have
traveled, according to my cyclometer, a
distance of 2878 miles, less two rods."
Presumably R. W. Brown would have
traveled that distance in half the time had
he started out without a serious handicap.
As it is, he has but one leg, a lett one at
that, the other having been amputated
some eight years ago.
"1 was born forty-two years ago in the
Vermont Green Mountains and have been
a farmer, harness-maker and a carpenter
up to the time I found I couldn't make a
living in the East. I had my wheel and
exactly 34 cents when I started out, leav
ing behind me no relatives nor pleasant
recollections and having the world before
me to traverse at my leisure, making my
living as best I could, either riding exhi
bitions or working at mv trades. That is
all there is about me. I'm here now with
exactly a sum total of 1 cent as my capital
and I'm hungry, need a bath and some
clean clothes, and I'm positive I'll have
all this before many hours. At all events
I'd just as soon starve in this country as I
would dry up and blow away in Madison."
The agent for the cycle on which Brown
rode across the continent was soon with
him and it is not likely he will remain
long in want.
"The centpiece I still possess," said
Brown, "is an English coin, with the
stamp of Queen Victoria on it. I propose
presenting her with it when I reach Eng
land.
"It took me thirty-one days to get to
Ogden. At Deny r I rode and" won a race,
for which I received $5.
"I left Ogden Wednesday, the 27th of
August. At Orand Junction I was pre
sented with an $8 parse for giving an exhi
bition.
"I must not forget the professional race
in which 1 rode at Salt Lake. There were
thirty entries and twenty- one starters. I
was allowed a seven-minute handicap
over the scratch man and I came out
eighth in a ten-mile race,
"The best time I made on the entire trip
was eighty-seven miles in twenty-four
hours, my average time being sixty-four
miles. I rode with light tires until I got
to Ogden, when I was obliged to change
them for these heavy road ones. They
were punctured eighty times over the Ne
brasKa desert, where I frequently had to
ride over fields of cactus plants. These
heavy tires were punctured but twice.
"I propose to leave here as soon as I see
my way clear to get away. I will go either
to Japan or Australia, as circumstances
will permit, and I expect to be back next
fall, having consumed about eighteen
months in visiting this country, Japan,
India, Austria, Germany, France and
England."
Brown carries with him a water canteen,
a small gripsack, a cane ana a crutch, ail
of which are strapped on tbe N right side of
his wheel, where tney offer a resting-place
for the stump of his leg.
AFRICAN CHURCH WORK
Bishop Galnes on the Religions Effects
Among Freedmen of California
and Elsewhere.
Biehop W. J. Games of the African M.
E. Church, who has been on a visit to
Washington and Oregon, arrived here
yesterday and is at the Russ. His home
is in Atlanta, Ga. He is very much de
lighted, so he said yesterday, at what he
has seen on the Pacific Coast.
"We have here." he said yesterday,
"about 1000 members. That is not very
many apparently, but it is really a good
many, for our population here is very
light. The African M. E. Church has
-700,000 members, eleven Bishops, and
churches all over the United States. Be
sides this, it has missions in Africa, Nova
Scotia, Bermuda and Hayti.
"I am very much pleased with what I
have seen of the Pacific Coast; people are
broad minded and hospitable. I wrote a
letter, a few days ago, to the Atlanta Con
stitution, in which I said that 50,000 in
dustrious colored people could rind homes
and employment on the Pacific Coast.
Last Sunday I preached at the First M. E.
Church in Seattle, at the invitation of the
minister, and I never saw a finer audience
in my lite. It was a white audience, of
course, and they were willing to listen to
a colored man, and treat him with all the
consideration received by any white pas
tor."-
The Bishop left for Los Angeles last
night. He was accompanied on his trip
by his daughter.
AT THE CARNIVAL.
French Day and the Tableau of the
First Singing of the ••*•«■*
seillaiae."
Yesterday was French day at the his
torical carnival in Native Sons' Hall, on
Mason street, between Post and Geary.
The beautiful booth of La Belle France
was the center of attraction, and the
girls, clothed in the national tricolor,
were the first ladies of the fairy carnival
scene.
In the evening a concert was given with
the following excellent programme:
Duo by Mile. Elena Roeckel and Mme.
Roeckel; tenor solo, Charles Morel; chanson,
Mile. Alice Decourtienx: va.se charlee, Mme.
Prosper Reiter: mandoline melodic, Mile.
Roeckel; chanson, Prosper Reiter; couplets,
Mme. Ellen Coursen - Roeckel ; romance,
Charles Morel.
At the conclusion of the concert a tab
leau was eiven by the mnsic booth, the
subject being "Rouget de Lisle singing
the Marseillaise for the first time before
Dietrick, the Mayor of Strasbourg, in
1792." The participants were John P.
R. W. BROWN.
Duffy, Milton Washerman, Oscar Frank,
Alfredo Borlini, William Conlon, Frank
Poulsen ana Charles Wescott, Mrs. Wil
liam B. Hunt, Mme. Prosper Reiter, Mrs.
Gilbert Wnilaker and Mi3s Dora Cohn.
To-day will be the Scotch, Irish and
Gypsy day.
EMMA ASHLEY IS FREE,
Found Not Guilty of Assault to
Murder Millionaire E.
J. Baldwin.
It Took the Jury Only Two Minutes
to Determine Her In
nocence.
The farce of trying Emma Ashley for as
sault to commit murder in having shot at
E. J. Baldwin was yesterday concluded.
As was predicted several days ago, the jury
acquitted her in less than five minutes.
The party most injured in the entire
matter was the City and County, which
had to pay several hundred dollars for a
long-winded trial, the conclusion of which
was practically foregone.
Yesterday's proceedings, arguments and
all, were dull and uninteresting. Dr. John
W. Robertson was on the stand in the
morning and testified as an expert on in
sanity. He gave it as his opinion, in
answer to a hypothetical question, that
the defendant was sane at the time the
shot was fired. The afternoon was con
sumed by the arguments of Assistant
District Attorney Piexotto, General
Friedrichs and the charge to the jury.
The only occurrence out of the ordinary
was the manner in which the prisoner's
counsel scored Millionaire Baldwin. He
said among other thines that it was a stain
upon the honor of the State that the horse
man should go unwhipped for his actions
during the past forty years.
The time consumed in actual dolibera
tion by the jury was exactly two minutes.
On the return to the courtroom it was re
ported that "We, the jury, rind the ac
cused not guilty, by reason of insanity."
Emma Asnley, on hearing the verdict,
quicitly rose and said to the jurymen,
"Gentlemen, I thank you." One or two
emotional females among the spectators
burst into tears; the attorneys congratu
lated the Ashley sisters and a trial that
has been utterly devoid of anything sensa
tional was ended.
• — ♦ •
THREE BOY BURGLARS.
They Break Into a Howie and Throw
Rock* at the Owner, Who
Surprises Them.
Three boys broke into the residence of
W. Loncaa, 804 Greenwich street, about 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon, and were ran
sacking the rooms when Loncas came
upon the scene.
The boys ran out of the house, pursued
by Lonca?. When they reached the mid
dle of the street they picked up rocks and
threw them at Loncas, forcing him to re
treat to his house for shelter.
Loncas called Policeman P. C. Peters,
anc <L found ihe boys in a vacant house
al 803 Greenwich street.
lney were booked on the charge of bur
glary. They gave the names of Genio
Dal ton, 15 years of age; Albert Morton,
14. and Joseph Martin, 13. Their parents
live in the neighborhood of Vallejo and
K-earny streets and the boys get a bad
name from the police.
Numerous petty thefts have occurred in
houses on Greenwich and adjacent streets
and they are attributed to the three boys,
lney are hardened youths and look upon
their arrest as a good joke.
Thousands Are Interested.
Decidedly interesting to invalids Is the an
nouncement that the new bathhouse at the
JniWi! mud baths Is completed and that
an me bath arrangements are located on one
2?, h .*'■£* rat " Rt the hot have been re
duced to $10, $12 50 and $15. ; •
RAINEY'S SLATE
FOR THE BENCH
The Junta Nominates Jus
tices and Police
Judges.
MR.O'DONNELL'S STRING
The Slate Went Through With
Expedition, Harmony and
Satisfaction.
TEX DOLLARS IS IMPERATIVE
On Monday Night the Convention Will
Gamble en the Supreme Court
Reversing Itself.
The Rainey Democratic municipal con
vention held another session in Odd Fel
lows' Hall ias,t night during which Jus
tices of the Peace and Police Judges were
nominated and three unimportant resolu
tions passed. According to the Rainey-
Lanigan programme the convention ad
journed until next Monday evening
after deciding to nominate a full munici
pal ticket in view of the remote pos
sibility that the Supreme Court may re
verse itself regarding the* four- year term
on Garret McEnerney's motion for a re
hearing in the county government case.
The convention thus has before it not
only ihe nominations for Superintendent
of Schools, School Directors and Super
visors, but for the offices which the Su
preme Court decided were to be filled only
every four years.
These nominations create new interest
in the convention, and the "anarchist"
combination is being revived. The nomi
nation for the county clerkship appears
to be the leading fight, and John F. Me-
Govern, the Third-street merchant and
secretary of the General Committee, is
again at the front with the prospect of
getting the nomination, which depends
for its value en the hazard of McEnerney's
petition.
The convention was called to order late
by Chairman Ragan. The attendance was
smaller than usual and the proceedings
constituted a noisy but good-natured and
smooth pulling through of the slate.
Attorney Joseph E. O'Donnell, whose
voice had already so often been heard in
the. convention as a representative of the
Rainey-Lanigau power, became a regular
judge-maker.
He has been mightily interested in the
judicial slate from the start, and at the
preceding session had nominated Frank
J. Murasky for (Superior Judge — he whom
the Buckieyites are aDout to kick off their
ticket for letting the thing occur. Mr.
O'Donnell at the former session also sec
onded another nomination, and last night
he nominated a Justice of the Peace and
then a Police Judge.
The nominations made were as follows:
Police Judges— C. G. Conlon. George A.
Proctor, J. A. Spinnetti, Stephen R.
O'Keefe.
Justices of the Peace — John J. Kennedy,
John A. Carroll. William T. Hess, Michael
O'Gara, Sands For man.
At 9 p. m. the convention came to order
and Secretary Saulman read a report from
the committee on resolutions, reporting
favorably the resolutions referred at the
last session providing respectively that
the chairman of the convention, the com
mittee on platform and the general com
mittee of the party be a committee to
look after the observance of the platform
by nominees, if elected; in favor of paying
the municipal debt and in favor of the
passage of a pure primary law by the next
Legislature. The report was adopted in a
perfunctory way.
A further resolution submitted by the
committee on resolutions recommended
that nominations for a full municipal
ticket be made in view of the possibility
of the Supreme Court granting a rehear
ing in the county government case involv
ing the length of terms of municipal
officers. This resolution enumerated the
offices to which the Supreme Court award- j
ed four-year terms, viz.: County Clerk, j
Sheriff, Recorder, Coroner, Public Admin
istrator and City and County Attorney.
On motion, consideration of the resolu
tion was postponed "until next Monday
evening," which was in effect, a resolution
to hold a future session on that day.
The chairman took up the course of
nominations by announcing that nomina
tions for Police Judge were in order. The
slate at once went through smoothly.
Eugene N. Deuprey took the platform
and lv a few nice words nominated Police
Judge Charles G. Conlan, whereat the boys
cheered again and again. Once again was
Editor Grecnblat Gives a Pointer
to His Neighbor.
it shown in a municipal convention that
the "push" knows its friend.
Joseph E. O'Donnell took the stage, as
usual, at this point. Mr. O'Donnell is a
remarkably important part of the Rainey
convention. He is the great nominator of
that aggregation of political journeymen.
Mr. O'Donnell nominated a Superior
Judge, a Police Judge and a Justice of the
Peace, besides seconding the nomination
of one of each variety of Judge, and also
had his say on the platform in connection
with most of the ticket.
Mr. O'Donnell nominated George A.
Proctor,"a graduate of Santa Clara College,
who four years ago poiled 16,000 votes for
Police Judge."
Herbert Choynski took the sta-e, men
tioned "the glorious work that has been
mapped out" for the convention, and
named J. A. Spinetti.
W. J. Locke nominated "a well-known
resident of the Mission," Stephen R.
O'Keefe.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Jam«B E. Runcie put C. G. Conlan's
name before the convention.
C. A. Reynolds seconded the nomination
of O'Keefe and Deuprey that of Proctor,
whereupon nominations closed and the
ticket was declared.
There were calls for all the nominees
but none responded and nominations for
Justices of the Peace followed.
George Gallagher named John J. Ken
nedy and Joseph E. O'Donnell put John
A. Carroll in nomination.
Hugo K. Asher nominated William T.
Secretary Saulman Studying.
Hess, son of the chief proprietor of the
German Demokrat Mr. Hess Sr. had
been a slate nominee for Treasurer, but he
stepped aside to give his son a show.
H. C. Gesford, who is getting into local
politics as deeply and prominently as he
can since his removal to the Ciiy, fol
lowed.
"Possibly sentiment has no place at this
time — this is a practical convention," said
the ex-Senator of the interior. "I was
born and raised in a little county
north of San Francisco — Napa County —
and from boyhood to manhood,
one of my truest friends was
Michael O'Gara. [Great cheering.] He
was true to his family in his struggles to
maintain them, and one of bis boys he
sent to that great institution at Santa
Clara which has produced a White, a Del
Valle, a Dennis Spencer and others like
them. It eives me pleasure to nominate
John O'Gara — a good old Democratic
name. Vote for him."
C. A. Reynold nominated Sands For-
WiU Be Satisfied "With Most Any
Office.
man, nominations closed at once, and tbe
acclamation process followed.
On motion of E. N. Deuprey, amended
by Herbert Choynski, it was ordered that
the names of all who seek rominations
for Supervisor or School Director must be
banded to the secretary, to be published,
and that they be not acted upon by the
convention until Monday evening.
E. P. E. Troy, with an eye to the best
and not the usual convention methods of
disposing of the ten-dollar pieces collected
from all candidates for nominations,
moved that there be appointed a treasurer
and an auditing committee and that any
possible surplus be turned over to the gen
eral committee.
There were howls of "No!" and Deuprey
got in a motion that candidates for School
Director be excepted from the $10 tax
called a "donation" out of formal respect
to the purity of election laws.
W. P. Sullivan made a point of order,
which somehow involved the considera
tion that if aspirants for the Board of
Education were excepted there might not
be enough to go around among the big
crowd of sergeants-at-anus and secretaries,
and the whole proposition was buried,
whereupon the convention adjourned nntil
Monday evening.
The following candidates for nomination
for School Director were reported to the
secretary: George S. Bachman, dentist, 6
Eddy street; Benjamin Armer, book
keeper, 2815 Pine; C. A. Bautel, 427 Lar
kin; J. J. McCarthy, secretary of the City
Hall Commission, 270 Minna; Michael
Byrne, merchant, 1235 Green; George
Walcom, furniture, 402 Sutter; Dr. Horace
Laidlaw, 1715 Broderick.
The following additional aspirants for
the Board of Supervisors were registered
at $10 apiece: W. O'Connell, Seventh
Ward, 326 Powell street ; M. C. McGrath
Ninth Ward, hotel, 530 Fourth street; j!
D. Griffin, Eleventh Ward, boat-builder
1714>£ Howard street.
Trotting Hoces at Reno.
RENO, Nev.. Sept. 23.— Two trots were
the only racing events at the track to-day.
In the three-minute trot Ei Primero won"
two heats easily in 2:45 and 2:40. Lottie
G, Cameo L, Mamie F and Ouibald started
in the 2:20 trot. Lottie G was a heavy
favorite. Mamie F took the rmt heat
Cameo L the second and Lottie G the next
three.
Stanford Game Fottponed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal. Sept
23.— The first interclass football game was
scheduled for to-day, but a3 both the '93
eleven and the freshman eleven wanted
more time for practice the game was post
poned until to-morrow. Great intere*? i,
being taken in the open ins earned t
r e a!ly hTve «■ *«»Jbm.n
Reno's Aboriginal Football G am *
_ RENO, Nev., Sept. 23.-A football
between Piute and Washoe Indian**™.
s d .»£jgn hi s ss f b a!nht ' ™
The Washoes were victorious mmm ?S'
Insolvency Proceedings.
imsmrm
NEW TO-DATJ
The Power
of Manhood.
WHEN YOU LOSE THAT
power you have lost all
the best of life. There is a
charm gone from your exist-
ence, and you miss it more than
anything else.
But when you regain it after
years of incapacity your heart
will leap with joy — then the
bright spirit will shine forth in
your eye, and the happy smile
in your countenance will tell
your acquaintances that you
have found a new existence.
Then you meet your friends
with the strong clasp of the
hand and the look of confidence
which tell them that "here it
the new-born man." .
Your every action bespeaks
new manhood. You are then a
better man physically and men-
tally than if you had never
known weakness.
"You can say that I was
nearly a wreck in every way.
but I am now a better man than
I ever thought of being," says
L. L. Jaccard, the Jeweler, of
San Leandro, Cal., after using
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Some men feel that they are
not weak, though they are not
what they might be in manly*
vigor had they not lightly trans-
gressed the laws of Nature.
These are just the ones who
most appreciate the value of Dr.
Sanden's Belt. In a few weeks
they learn that it can make them,
twice as strong as they were.
"Before I began using your
Belt I thought there was not
much the matter with me, but
after using, it a month I have
found the value of good health .**
says Wm. Simpson, Goleta, Cal.
Electricity is wonderful in its
strengthening influence. You*
vitality seems to grow stronger
and more buoyant every, day.
There seems no limit to your
Clergies. You can do twice the
amount of work you formerly]
could, aiid not get weary.
"I can do as much work as
any two men now," says L*
C. Minyard, Napa, Cal.
Words cannot tell of the
gratitude felt by the men
who have been restored to man-,
.hood by Dr. Sanden's Electria
Belt. Will you become one of
its happy patients? You can-
learn how great has been its
good work by reading the little
book, "Three Classes of Men,'*
which Dr. Sanden will send you
free, closely sealed, on request.
Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
680 Market Street, San Franolsook
Opposite Palace Hotel. Offlo« hour*; 3 a. *. t»
8:80*. M. : Sundays, 10 to 1. L •
Consultation Free and Inrited.
___ ~ " OFFICES AT: ..'
I£B ANGELKS, CAL - 1 PORTLAND, OIL,
204 Booth Broadway. j 25a Washington atrert
COUGHS AND COLDS
BIiY'S F«SEOLA B.M.SAM Is a sure Rem-
edy for coughs, co'.ds, «or» throat and for asthma.
'11l IIJ/jfZ/' I* soothes, quickly
WinS/r/^^S^^^ abates the cou-h and
li^ffly^|^^^j^_ renders expectora*
CONSUMPTIVES
KlKtftii^^slffisSw rive Dpnetl i from It*
WK|>|£lV%2wVWM^r use- Many who sup-
* " iiCirAiS^ C%Si**'!3' P ' JS ' tnelr cases to be
I *^^?^ consumption are only
«§§l3?^H»psil^«!§ilf chronic cold or deep-
V^^^^S^P^^ toated cough, of;en
\\\^^Snlr*2tfc><A3? ■ aggravated by ca-
».»* * xv* .t™ 1 "«is^*%s^ tarrh. For catarrh
use Ely's Cream Bairn. woth remedies are pleasant
to use. cream Ba!na, 50c per bottle; Plneolaßah
earn, 25c Sold by Drueeists.
I _jBLYBKOTHEKS. Si Warren at,. New Torfc. _
TS THE VERY BEST - XX TO F.XAMIXB
■*- your eyes and fit them to Spectacles and aye-
Klasses with Instruments of nls own -Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suo-
cess has been due to the merits of u.y worlc
Office Hours— Vi to 4 r. x.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A I'vWKuili. n PU< OUi--»IAC AND
J- specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, md a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladdtr. A great Bestoratlve,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own Merita;
no long-winded testimonials n*ce-s»ry.
NABEB, * BRUISE, Agents,
1 333 'Market St., S. (Send for Circular) ■JAMES D. PHELAN
NAMED ONCE MORE
Non-Partisans Nominate the
Popular Native
Son.
WAS OPPOSED.
Members of the Convention In
dulge in Harmless Verbal
Skirmishes.
PLEDGES OF THE CANDIDATES.
Ex-Mayor Ellert Tries to Get Judge
Hebbard Nominated to the
Superior B3nch.
The attendance at last nieht'a meeting
of the Citizens' Kon- Partisan Convention
in the lecture hall of the Academy of
Sciences was not large. George K. Fitcn
presided.
The committee on vacancies reported
that Julius Kahn, N. J. Brittan and
(ieorge H. Lent had been admitted to
teats in the. convention.
A. S. Hallidie, chairman of the com
mittee on platform and resolutions, re
ported in favor of a rule to the effect that
no fees or donations should be received
from candidates, nor assessments levied
upon them under any pretext. Pledges
were also recommended and adopted, as
follows:
T, the undersigned candidate for , de
clare that 1 have read ibe platform of the
Non-Par;isan party adopted by its convention,
held in the City of San Francisco, September
21, 189G, and nereby subscribe to the same,
and declare on my honor.tliat if elected I will
be guided by said document, and that I will
tive efleot during my term it office to the
declarations and principles therein enun
ciated, and honestly and conscientiously carry
out the objects and purposes of the Non-
Partisan party.
And I do hereby pledge myself not to ap
point to deputyships or to positions any per
son or persons who are not fully qualified to
perform the duties devolving upon them. And
1 do hereby pledge myself that in the event of
my election I will not countenance or permit
■.uenis 10 be levied upon or collected
from any person appointed or employed by me
lor any political or personal purposes or objects
To the pledge to be taken by candidates
for Supervisor the following clause is
added:
And I further pledge my honor that I will
favor no appropriation that wiii necessitate a
larp^r tax levy than $1 on the .* 100 on a valu
ation of $300,000,000.
E. J. Le Breton, cha rman of the com
mittee oa munic.pa. nominations, re
ported that hi 3 committee had held a
meeting and considered the claims of pos
sible candidates to mo-t of the City offices.
In regard to the post of Mayor, he said,
the names of Horace Davis and James D*.
Phelan had been mentioned, the prefer
ence having been given to Mr. Phelan.
This announcement was greeted with
much applause.
Ex-Mayor Ellert asked that rules be sus
pended in order to permit the nomination
of t!ie Hon. J. C. B. Hebbard for Superior
J udge.
Mr. Kahn, in seconding Mr. Ellerfs
juotion. delivered a warm oersonal eulogy
in behalf of the nominee.
Mr. Hallidie opposed any snspension of
the rules and asked that the matter of
nominations to the post of Superior Judge
be relerred to the judiciary committep.
Barclay Henley, L. K. Ellert, C. B. Per
kins, A. S. Hallidie ana others engaged in
a warm debate on the subject At length
the matter waa nut to a vote, the result
Deing 25 ayes to 18 noes. As a two-ttmds
vote is required for- such suspension, the
motion was
Motions to adjourn and to take a recess
began to bo beard in confused incoher
ence, but at lust the tangle got straight
ened out and matters nroceeded smoothly
until Mr. I.c Breton" formally proposed
Mr. Pheiin as the party's nominee for
Mayor. Mr. Perkins and Mr. Hallidie
seconded the nomination.
C. 8. Capp, Mr. EUert anil others recom
mended a postponement of the nomina
tion, and a heated debate ensued. A vote
•was at length taken, tiie result being 19 to
22 against postponement.
Horace Davis was tnen proposed by
Mr. \Vhitiug. Theodore Payne offered the
nsme of Supervisor C. L. Taylor, whicu
called iorth a protest from Mr." I.* Breton.
" I heard that Mr. laylor after rcceiv
i:.;.' a:i indorsement for Supervisor two
year 3 ago and signing our pledge, said he
had signed it with a mental reservation."
'•He wouldn't be iool .enough to say
such a thing as that," commented Mr
Mi:iiken.
•'He used words to that effect," inter
l>osed Mr. Cummings.
More taik ensued, Taylor's friends and
opponents waxing eloquent on either side.
" I move to adjourn," shouted Mr. El
len at the top of his voice.
" Second the motion, :| chorused a dozen
or so of voices at once.
A rolicall resulted in a tie, and there
was more contention. At last it was re
solved to continue. Votes on the nom
ination? for Mayor were called for, Mr.
D.ivis receiving one, Mr. Taylor five and
Mr. Phelan the remainder. Mr. Phelan's
nomination was made unanimous amid
in'icti cheering.
Frank .(. Sullivan presented a resolution
to the effect that candidates to the Legis
lature be required to sign a pledge to sup
port the new charter in its entirety witn
out amendment or alteration, and in case
of their refusal to do so that other candi
dates who would so sign be nominated by
the party. The matter was referred to the
committee on resolutions, and the meeting
adjourned with three cheers for Mr. Phelau"
SUFFRAGE IS BOOMING.
Mrs. Tnpper-Galpin Js Conducting a
Series of Largely Attended
Parlor Meetings.
The woman suffragists are succeeding
admirably in their social apostolate. The
latest laborer in the parlor meetings is
Mrs. Kate Tupper-Galpin of Los Angeles.
This afternoon at 2:30 she will address an
informal meeting at Mrs. Levison's on
California ftreet, and to-morrow she has
been invited to speak at Mrs. Graves', 728
Haight street. On Saturday night sbe
will lecture by special request before the
Political Equality Club in Holtz'a hail,
Alameda.
Tne work of pelling the precincts is go
ing on merrily. Over 200 ladies are en
gaged in this City alone and all present
most encouraging reports.
OLYMPIC CLUB.
Changes That Have Been Made by the
New Board— What Will Be
Done To-Night.
The Olympic Club will appoint this even
idz a successor to Frank Vail, who re
signed irom the board recently. This will
be the first business meeting of the new
board and matters of much importance to
the club will be transacted. Several com
mittees will be appointed and changes in
the baud ball department of the club will
in all probability be ordered. The directors
have changed their day of meeting from
Wednesday to Thursday.
Howard Taylor, the new leader, has
made changes in his department which
will prove very satisfactory to all con
cerned. Instead of the leader taking upon
himself all the duties of a leader Taylor
has appointed the following assisia'nls,
who tvili have full charge of their respec
vive departments under his supervision:
Boxing, Stewart Carter; wrestling, Charles
Krelmg; fencing, Mr. Lastreto; swim
niing, Charles King; gymnastics, John
L& Rue; entertainment, John Cooney;
bowling, K. Boyd; handball, Al Hamp
ton.
Visitors will be permitted within the
building on two evenings of the month,
and a grand ladies' night will be given
some evening in the latter part of October.
The football team which was recently
organized practices every evening at Cen
tral Park. Leader Taylor is sanguine that
his team will defeat ail opponents this
year.
» — * — •
KILLED A GLANDERED HORSE.
A Peddler Bought the Animal for 85
and He Was Found to Be Diseased.
A glandered horse was killed in front of
the Board of Health office yesterday, by
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. A ped
dler called in the morning and reported
that he had bought the horse, which was
evidently sick, for $5, and wanted to know
what was the matter with the animal.
An examination by the veterinary of the
board showed that the horse was suffering
with glanders, and Mr. Holbrook was tel
ephoned for with the result mentioned.
WAS AFIELD FOR RUSSIA
Colonel De Wogack, Military
Agent of the Czir, Is in
the City.
Colonel de Wogack, for five years past
military agent of Russia in China and
Japan, and who accompanied Li Hung
Chang on bis trip throughout Europe, and
as far as New York, arrived here yester
day and ii'at the Palace.
The colonel is one of the most distin
guished niilitary'men in the Orient. He
served all through the Chinese-Japanese
war, and was an eyewitness to most of the
great battles., He left the Orient in April
lass, and was with Li Hung Chang at the
coronation of the Czar. He then attended
the great exhibition in London with him,
and afterward accompanied the noted
Chinese to Fari3 and other great cities.
"I was in the Japanese army with
Marshal Yamagata." said Colonel do Wo
gak. "I went with him through Korea,
and was also with him in Manchuria. I
saw a great many of the engagements,
witnessing them for ray Government and
studying the situation.
"Then with the second army, I was at
Colonel de Wogack, Military Agent
of Russia in China and Japan*
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artut.]
Port Arthur, seeing the great : contest
there, and so continued until the close of
the war.
'•The difference between Japan and
China in this war was, that Japan had
trained soldiers. Of course she had good
warships and they were well manned, ana
the arms on sea and on shore were all that
could be desired. China had good arms
too, but her soldiers were not trained; the
difference was in the training.
":■ "So far as the story of the press Jdis
patches is concerned, that the purpose of
the visit of Li Hung Chang to the different
countries of the wo) Id was preparatory to
opening the ports of China, 1 believe the
ports are all pretty well opened now. Li
Hung Chang has stood his trip well, not
withstanding the fact that he is 74
years old. I got a letter from some of
his friends since my arrival here, and they
tell me that he got through in excellent
condition. . >
"Now. as to the story that Russia is
about to take possession of Korea, it seems
tome that Russia does not intend to do
this or it would have been done long ago.
Bhe could have taken possession of the
country at any time»she desired, but Rus
sia did not do so, and, as I understand it,
she only wants that Korea shall remain an
independent country. You know the
Government there has not been very stable
for a good while.
"As for Japan losing Formosa, as has
also been reported, I see no reason why it
should lose that country.; There is nobody
there except some Chinese and some na
tives that it can easily keep in subjection,
and there is no cause whatever that I can
see why Japan should lose Formosa."
Coionel de Wogack will be here only h
short time. . He will sail , for Japan in the
Doric on her next trip.
» » « ■
Pile*! Pile*! Mac's Infallible Pile Cure.
Cures 'all cases of blind, bleeding, "■. Itching
and protruding piles. . Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
& Co., druggist*, &04 YYftihlogtea street. - ■ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896
FOUND DRESSED
IN DEATH ROBES
Phillip Phillips, a Tailor,
Attempts to Commit
Suicide.
WELL-KNOWN FORESTER
He Was Short in His Accounts
as Treasurer of Court
Washington.
SEPARATED FROM HIS WIFE
Left a Number of Letters, in Some of
Which He Bitterly Attacks a
Wei:.Rnown Rabbi.
Philip Phillips, a tailor at 7 Lddy street,
made careful preparations for ending his
life in his shop yesterday morning. He
dressed himself in the Jewish death robes,
PHILIP PHILLIPS at the Receiving Hospital.
locked and bolted the door, swallowed a
dose of chloroform and lay down on a pile
of cloth to die.
Attorney Nagle happened to call at
Phillips' shop, and was surprised to find it
locked and the curtains down. He spoke
to F. K. Weiss, the florist, next door,
about It, and together they went in search
of Policeman Frank Eiley. The three
tried to open the door, but it resisted their ;
combined efforts, and finally they broke
the glass in the door and were able to
force an entrance.
They found Phillips, in an unconscious
condition, and he was driven rapidly to
the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
wacon. Dr. Rinne administered antidotes
without effect, and the conclusion was
reached that his prospect of recovery was
very slight.
Phillips • was a- prominent member of
j the Ancient Order of Foresters. He was
| a past chief ranger and at present holds
j the office of deputy chief ranger of Court
I Magnolia and treasurer of Court Washing-
I ton. : He was short in his accounts to
j Court Washington, which was discovered
about two weeks ago. The Surety Com
j pany, being appiised of the shortage,
i threatened to have him arrested, but his
friends came to his rescue and promised
to make good the shortage yesterday.
They were unable to do so and asked for
and obtained another day's grace.
Ever since the shortage was discovered
Phillips had been threatening to poison
himself. About a week ago he attempted
to swallow a dose of carbolic acid, but a
friend happened to be present and took
the bottle from him. Yesterday morning
about 10 o'clock ho showed another friend
a bottle and said he was going to poison
himself with it. Ho appeared greatly
worried about what the Surety Company
would do, although his friend told him it
would be all right.
Phillips was also in debt to the extent of
•bout $200, and he was unhappy in bis
domestic relations. His wife and daugh
ter left him about a year ago, and have
been living at 425 Stevenson street. When
Policeman Riley called upon Mrs. Phillips
ana notified her that her husband had taken
poison she remarked that he was a fool. - He
asked her to go with him to see her hus
band, but she at first objected that her
dinntr would be spoiled. bhe finally went
with him, and raised a row because the
glass in the door had been broken. At
the hospital she said, she was forced to
leave him, as his whole time was given up
'to attending lodge meetings.
Phillips left a number of letters, which
were found in his vest pockets. One, ad
dressed to Court Washington, had on the
corner "If not delivered return to Philip
Phillips, Hills of Eternity." Another was
addressed to Court Magnolia ¥ a third to
his brother, Joel Phillips,' Sydney, Aus
tralia, and the fourth to F. K. Weiss. .••
An opened unsigned letter to his wife
reads as follows: ■■■■■
Dear Sarah: I have written to the Coroner
not to take me to the Morgue; he also haa a
letter. .
I also wrote to the Rev. Rabbi Julius Fryer
to officiate at the funeral; 11 -Jake 'would' not
object I would' lika to bo buried alongside
Hetty. •.■•'.-..,•--;■'- ■*: y.-
You .will find a small Mexican lottery ticket
In my purse for Thursday; also pawn ticket
for my watch, ring and pin. My gold pin is in
my vest pocket. My rent is paid to October 1.
If you keep it Charley will be glad to buy you
out.
Phillips also sent a big batch of letters,
evidently intended for publication, to the
Coroner. They were replete with harsh
sentiments ceriously reflecting on a well
known rabbi. The letter to Dr. Hawkins
read as follows: .
September 16, 1896. -
Dr. Hawkins, Coroner, or Hit Deputies, Wil
liam Ilallett and the Others: You are suri>*ised
to get this from me, but as we are friends and
brotners you will oblige mo by complying with
my request. Do not take *me to ttie Morgue,
but let me remain where I amor send me to
McGlnty. • A post-mortem Is not necessary, as
you will see by the verdict 1 write. But you
can say if you wish that the hypocrite, black
leg, tliief, Rev. . is morally the cause of it
From December 5. 1885, to Juno 14, 1888, he
demanded and collected from my wife during
my absence every month from ana to those
dates money represented to be paid to the
enfeebla-minded institution, He did not pay
it in the institution, but appropriated it to bis
own use. -lie also bough tone and a half tickets
to Australia May 8, 1886, at special rates under
the guisa.of a minister and; lor charity and
sold them at full rates. • • • Colonel Har
vey was anxious to send him to San Qnentin,
but I stopped It, and . ibat is the gratitude of a
pious hypocrite who walks -the street seeking
victims whom we never hear of, and , the
Third-street pawnbroker, is his ally, who re
spects men of his caliber. ■- It Is well for the re
jspectabie people to know who they talk to or as- .
sneiate with. Why would not th« congrega
tion elect him? Because they are respectable
people^ — knew him, and that he wotild be a dis
grace to the pulpit. I will say no more, only
be is a disgrace to the congregation and the
Jewish community.
I remain, dear doctor, or your deputies,
Hallet, MeGinnis or McCormlck, your frater
nal brother, Phillip Phillips.
The desperate man seemed to be mindful
even of small thing 3, as will be seen from
the following verdict prepared for the
Coroner's jury, which he presumed would
be called :
We, the undersigned, convened to inquire
into the cause of death of the deceased, do find
that his name is Phillip Phillips, born in
London, England, September 23. 1839, that
he died by his own hands by taking chloro
form and carbolic acid witn suicidal intent or
otherwise, and, as deceased claims, that Rev.
Is morally responsible for his ingratitude,
after saving him from being sent to San
Quentin for being a blackleg, thief and extort
ing money under false pretenses and embez
ling the same.
To this is added a postscript, which
reads :
The verdict as written is true in every par
ticular, and the above ahout is my dying
declaration. And now that I am dead, Mr.
Jake Silverstein, B. Kitchinski or my wife will
not tell a lie for him. I don't believe they will.
Inclose find what 1 wrote for publication,
Phillip Phillips.
There were half a dozen other letters,
one being addressed to his wife and a sec
ond to the public at large. In all of these
he referred in bitter terms of the reverend
gentleman who, he claims, ruined his
life. Attached to his wife's letter is a
check for $3 75, payable to his daughter
Pauline and drawn on the First National
Bank. Phillips also left an inscription
for his tombstone, as follows:
PHILIP PHTLLIPS,
Loving husband of Sarah and affectionate
father of l'au'ine Phillips.
BORN
September 23, 1839.
DIED
September — , 1896.
P. C. R. Court Washington 37, F. of A.
In the letter addressed to the public
Phillips tells his friends not to worry
about his shortage, as the Surety Com
pany will make it good.
Phillips regained consciousness last
night, but he was too weak to talk. The
doctors think that he will recover.
GROCERS GET READY.
The Association of Retail Dealers Oil
cuts Plans for the Coining
Campaign.
The political situation formed the sub
ject of debate at a large and enthusiastic
-meeting of the Retail Grocers' Association
last ni^bt.
Mr. Nobmann explained that, pursuant
to an invitation issued by tbe directors of
the Retail Grocers' Association, commit
tees from various organizations of liquor
dealers met and decided to leave all action
to a meeting of tbe directors of all the in
terested associations.
This meeting waa called and it was de
cided to form a club to be composed of
three delegate from each association. Of
this club, which was named the Whole
sale and Retail Liquor Dealers' League,
Mr, Nobmann said be had been made vice
chairman. He then outlined their plans
bo far as they were perfected.
A list was to'be made of the 12,000 men
interested in the liquor business. To each
of these, a day or so before election, a
ticket would be mailed bearing the name 3
of tboso candidates who were friendly to
the interests of the liquor-dealers. These
men the liquor-dealers would be expected
to vote for. Mr. Nobmann also explained
that precautions were being taken to pre
vent any imitation of the ticket used by
the league.
Numerous speeches followed. Tney
showed that the members of the associa
tion were all in earnest and were deeply
interested in the outcome of the pending
election. b
A DIAMOND BADGE.
Captain Wittman Honored With a
HamUomn Gift by the Mer-
chants Last Right.
Last night certain of San Francisco's
representative merchants assembled at
Bergez's restaurant, 334 Pine street, and
after a sumptuous least presented Captain
Wittman with a most beautiful diamond
badge as a token of their appreciation.
M. J. Bahlein made the toast to Captain
Wittman, which was responded to very
appropriately by Attorney Charles L.
Welier. s
Weller showered encomiums upon Cap
tain Wittman and the Police Department
in general, after whic^i he presented the
officer with the badge. It consisted of a
gold and silver shield. Across the top, in
gold letters on blue enamel, was inscribed
"Captain of Police." At the buse wa*
a bear, emblematic of the State, and the
initials S. ¥. ; in the center was a large
diamond; on the back wasinscrioed, -'Pre
sented to Captain Geo/ge W. Wittman by
tue merchants of San Francisco, Septem
ber, 1896. Committee, S. C. Beaver. F. M.
duff and John McCarthy."
In response, Japtain Wittman said that
this waa one of the occasions when his
heart was too full for utterance, but he
hoped he \\ui 1 I never do anything to
bring discrete i.j.un the emblem.
Supervisor Dimond arose and compli
mented tbe captain on his gift, saying he
hoped it would be chanced only in case of
promotion. Captain Wittman in reply
paid an eloquent tribute of respect to Chief
Crowley. Tne gathering adjourned amid
general conviviality and good will.
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
City Hall Commissioners Let Out Work
for the Tower of the Building.
The City Hall Commissioners decided
yesterday to give the Board of Health a
room in the hall for tbe DM of its chemist
and bacteriologist, and tendered the use of
Judge Hack's old courtroom, which will
be used for the present.
The contract for the marble tiling in the
nrst and second galleries of the tower was
awarded to W. H. McCornjick for $5310
the specifications calling for Amador
marble.
The contract for wainscoting went to
the Inyo Marble company for $4798.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
JOHN F. MORE AS -
AN EMBEZZLER
Judge Coffey Officially
Makes That Grave
Accusation.
OVER $12,000 MISSING.
Removed From tha Adminis
• tratorship of the A. P.
More Estate.
ELIZA MILLER SUBSTITUTED.
Santa Rosa Island Cattle Were Sold
and the Proceeds Not Ac
counted For.
Judge Coffey yesterday removed John
F. More from his position as adminis
trator of the estate of A. P. More, and in
cidentally remarked that the ex-admims
trator has been guilty, among other
misdeeds, of embezzling $12,000 belonging
to the estate.
A. P. More was a wealthy owner of live
stock, and died October 23, 1893. leaving
no will.
On February 12, 1894, John F. More was
appointed administrator of his estate, part
of which consisted of 1500 head of cattle
and 40 ; 000 sheep at pasture on Santa Rosa
Island.
John F. More continued in complete
charge of the affairs of the immense prop
erty until a few months ago, when Mrs.
Eliza Miller, one of the heirs at law of the
deceased, became convinced that all was
not as it should be, and made application
to have More ousted. He was temporarily"
suspended by Judge Coffey aod Mrs
Miiler granted special letters of adminis
tration.
As a result of the investigation which
followed, Judge Coffey made the order
filed yesterday. His Honor says in part:
"I find that between October 1, 1895, and
January 1, 1896, John F. More embezzled
from the iunds intrusted to him $12,000.
During the period named he sold a num
ber of cattle to t.*ie Western Meat Com
pany, from which concern ne received
over 114,000, |12,000 of. which he has failed
to account for.
"When the estate was turned over to
Mr. More there were on Santa Rosa Island
40,000 sheep and 1500 cattle. A commis
sioner sent to investigate has reported
that there are now on the island 25,389
sheep. Mr. More reported to this court
that the full number was there when he
knew there were less than 31,000 on hand.
"A lot of abalone shells, etc.. have also
been fold and the proceeds appropriated
oy the administrator.
"The land has also been depastured by
stock belonging to John F. More person
ally."
Judge Coffey further recites how Mr.
More has time and again failed to be pres
ent in court when cited to appear and how
other judicial orders have been disre
garded, and concludes by ordering his re
moval from the administratorship.
Mrs. Eliza Miller is appointed in More's
stead, and proceedings to recover the
missing funds will probably be at once in
stituted.
KELLY-MAHONEY.
Some Further Nominations Made
and Some Verbal Bouquets
Thrown.
The Kelly-Mahoney followers assembled
at Pioneer Hall last night and added
names to their list of self-sacrificing as
pirants for public office.
Judge John F. Finn and Judge John
Hunt sent letters accepting their nomina
tions and promising to render all the as
sistance in their power to elect the nomi
nees of the convention.
A delegate vouched for Carroll Cook's
acceptance of the nomination for the Su
perior bench.
Delegate Ruef placed Edward I. Sheehan
in nomination for the office of Tax Col
lector. Captain Blennerhasset of the
water front, in a spread-eagle speech, sec
onded the nomination.
Sheehan was declared the nominee by
acclamation. He appeared and indorsed
the platform.
Secretary A. J. Morgenstern placed
Archibald Barnard in nomination for the
position of City and County Attorney.
There were no others who sought the
office.
Gaston Strauss placed David L. Farns
worth in nomination for Street Superin
tendent. He went through on a rush, not,
however, without a positive "no" from
Ray Falk, who said that was the first time
in his life that he did not swallow the pro
gramme.
Colonel Kowalsky nominated Madison
Babcock for Superintendent of Schools.
He went through, but later on Martin
Kelly discovered that there was a blur on
the slate, and he consequently gave notice
of reconsideration at to-night'a meeting,
when no doubt Babcock will come down,
as the push does not want him.
H. I. Willey and Lott D. Norton were
placed in nomination for Surveyor. Nor
ton was the boys' favorite, consequently
he won out by a vote of 191 to 47 for Willey.
Leon Dennerv was nominated for the
Assembly for the Forty-third, John R.
Glassford for the Thirty-ninth and 11. W.
Littlefield for the Thirty-seventh.
Quite an array of names were placed be
fore the convention for Supervisors from
the twelve wards of the City.
Previous to adjourning James McCa be
offered a series of resolutions lauding the
convention and finding fault with all
those who do not bow down before the
Kelly-Mahoney throne.
The People's Church.
The People's Church at the Metropolitan
Temple, Fifth street, Rev. D. W. L. Birch min
ister, will open on Sunday night, 7:45 o'clock
sharp. All seats free. Collections will be
taken up for widows and orphans.
Irish Wit.
The well from which Irish stories are
drawn is inexhaustible. Here is a good
example oi Pat's wit and readiness. An
Irish witness was being examined as to
his knowledge of a .shooting affair. "Did
you see the shot fired?" the magistrate
aaketi. "No, sorr. I only. heard it," was
the evasive reply. "That evidence is not
•atisfactory,' ' replied the magistrate stern
ly; "stand down!"
The witness turned round to leave the
box. and directly his back was turned he
laughed derisively. Toe magistrate, in
dignant at this contempt of court, called
him back, and asked him how he dared to
laugh in court. "Did ye see me lauirb,
your Honor?" queried the offender. "Nc,
sir. but I heard you," was the irate reply.
"That evidence is not satisfactor)-," said
Pat quietly, but with a twinkle in his eye.
And this time everybody Janghed except
the magistrate.— Westminster Gazette.
— « — « — •
The bones of aged persons having more
lime in them than those of young people
are, therefore, more brittle.
HEW TO-DAY. . ,
• Always FIRST . S
: Gail Borden (
1 Eagle Brand I
1 CONDENSED hILK ©
2 _ For 35 years the leading brand. It is the •
2 Best and the most economical. • .
* A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS S
NATURE.
Its Abuse and Its Re»
venge.
■*~ i .
How many unfortunate men have vio-
lated the. laws of nature and are now pay-
ing the penalty? / .
Some have been addicted to foolish
habits in their youth; some have over-
indulged later in life; wnilo others have
wearied themselves into unmanly wtak-
uess over bad crops, business reverses or
financial failure. In one way or another
they have overdrawn on their stock of
vitality, which is getting dangerously low.
As. a consequence they have lost their
grip on life. Every little annoyance
seems a mountain of despair. Every
speck in the heavens looks like an over-
whelming shadow. Every cherished am-
bition is dead, and the poor, suffering
victim almost wishes he wore dead too.
He thinks of suicide. ' ,\.
Men, there is help for you. Don't brood
over your disgraceful weakness any longer,
but get strength at once. Get back to life.
Go to Doctor Cook, who will lift you *p
out of the slough of disease, disgrace and
despondency into which you have fallen
and place your feet upon a rock. He will
. (DOCTOR COOK.)
restore to you your lost manhood and
make out of you a tower of physical, men-
tal and sexual strength.
Doctor Cook is also America's most suc-
cessful specialist in the treatment of Vari-
cocele, Hydrocele, Atrophy, -or wasting
away of the organs, and all other sexual
ailments. Blood and skin diseases and
diseases of all the , internal organs a
specialty. Female complaints promptly
cured. . *
Cases upon which other doctors have
experimented and failed are especially in-
vited, and positive cures are guaranteed.
Home treatment by mail always suc-
cessful. Therefore write if you cannot
call. Ofhce hours 9t012 a. m.. 2to 5 and
7toB p. m. Sundays, from 10 to 12 a.m.
only. Address _■ .
IMPTRR PMW 865 market STREET,
UUUIUn bUUiV, San Francisco, Cal. .
1 wwt®t&mii®wt®ii&i®it&i®ffiwi®i®f® g
ft — 2C
*-^^ \\\ Tflßtf^H SHE 9 %■ 1 fn * jt& § mC>
I "The North Pole made use of at last/ 1 •
s • ■ ■ i'
| PLUG |
§ Always at v the front and wherever i
| "BATTLE AX" goes it is the 1
I biggest thing in sight* It is as re- S
a markable for its fine flavor and quality §
* as for its low price* A 10 cent piece 3?
; *of "BATTLE VAX is almost i
I twice as large as a 10 cent piece of i
.§ any other equally -good tobacco* ®
I't^&S llon 1 French physiciun, will quickly cure you of all
T^ <V rT RV 35v a twn oi a famousirench physician, will quickly cure you of all n£
HH\ /ViV-AV \ -; \7 yous or diseases of the generaUve organg, subh as i£ostMMhS^
T tml Y» -^' Insomnia, Pains in the BacK, Seminal Kuiisai<.ns, Nerv-ons Tj"blHt^'
H I O^L A Mtfk pimples, tnfltness to Marry, Exhausu.,- Drains, Varicooelß lift
> V_A V 7 COB 81 1?" - It stops ail losses by day or night Prevwtsqufck.
V -' \s*^/ D6ssof discharge, which if not chpckp.i loads to Snermatorrho?aand
B ™? E *"° AFTER S&^SS^^^
■■ CBPnumß strengthens and restores small weak organs. *
_ Tae reason' Rnfferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent-are troubled wftti
Pro*tatl 1.. CDPIDENE is the only fences remedy to cure without an operation! 5000 tesSmcmC
thn A writt fi l / n cc given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanen tew*
■ 1 1.00 a box, six for by mail. Send for fbkk circular and testimonials. ~^
JulOrMS DAVOIi JIiiDICI^B CO., : 1170 Market street, San fracclsco, Cal. Forßaleby
BSnfiSBfiBBBHBHBHHi! i»iwoiis' j^HAitiiAcY, ix» toweium*.
When writing for further particulars to
any cf the Health or Summer Resorts la
these columns kindly mention the Call.
MPA SODA SPRIMS,
j California's I'amoin Mountain Spi!
li A VK YOU ISEKJT TKKBS I.ATKLV-*
3COO feet above .Vapa Valley, cilmata nnsnr-
l passed. Views majjniiicent. Table supplied from
V orchard and ocean, Held and farm. . Hot and cold
1 Kapa Soda water baths. Telephone and PosiotHce.
; Burros to ride. BowUnz alleys, tennis.' croquts,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
, year, Gas and running water in every room. Re-
: lief fo r asthmatics. WARM W.YTKK SWIM-
MIMi .TANK. ah Ideal summer resort ■ Chit
*«?» Paradise: mothers' d*Ugat; husbands' rest
Address ANDREW JACKSOX, IS »pa Soda Syria*!
| -^-
n ■ n b b £\ #% hot brings,
UflilnlCTll M «>aterey conn.
;■ niiniuu££^/.£
| nre, climate, accomajodations, scenery, flower
i beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
; baths, hot sulphur tub and swim ml us: tanks, mas.
i sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet . nod dance hall for families.
r aralso stands unsurpassed in the State. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
•nd Townsend streets, San Francisco, >8: 15 a. U.
i daily, for Soledad ; Return-trip ticket, »8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. Kot
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements foe
1896, addresa K. KOBEKTsOX, Manager.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Bccognijeil Family Summer Kesort
In the Santa Crux Mountain*,
Health, v pleaBure, swimming, fishing and t.ont-
i Ing. .New dancing pavilion. . Deer park. Tabla
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. stage at Uadrone every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting wlta
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
't ■■■■ ' VIC PON'CKLET. Llagas. Cat
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
■pECRKATION*. REST AND HOME FOB IS.
I Xt valids, consisting of large main building, cot-
I tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
: Valley. Steam heat, elevator, call bells and night-
■ watch service. Massage, , electricity, medicated
! and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
j Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moua
tain walks are among. the amusements. i»ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. ' Accommoda-
tions first class- Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael. California. r'iv-
FIFTY MINTJTKS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home it has no equal la
the world, ,-j.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates for Fall and Winter guests.
■ R. H. WARFIKLD <fc CO
MADROXE MINERAL SPRIXGS
WILL BK OPEN TO GUESTS THK ENTIRE
year. Waters sure cure for all stomach and
urinary troubles. Send for analysis and descrlo-
ttve pamphlet. Address Madrone Mineral Springs,
Madrone, Santa Clara County, Crl.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
SUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dreys P. O. box 22a. ■
RIVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS Off
XX, Eel River. 8 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; lishlnsr, hnnting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent tabU;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. I.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months; private ■ family:
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station: 1 hour city. MRS. HAKSEN.BeImont.
-*U^l/C VMI "^oie Inroat, PnnpiejirCopper^H
jurist lUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores, i
X? Ulcers in Mouth, Hair-Frilling! Write COOK.
■beH£DY CO., 307 Masonic Temple,
111., for proofs cf cures. Cup!- 5
■tut, 5500,000. Worst cases cured in. 16
■■to 8& days. 100-page book. free. jj
OiffiHH9HBBS93fi^B9ESSH
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MwltKMT*
Flour advanced 15c
Silver firmer.
Wheat acitve and rising.
Brewing ISarley active
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Decreased arrivals of Hay.
IJeans unchanged.
Caudles show new prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
P.utter weak. Eggs firm.
Poultry rather steadier.
Fresh I'ruit quiet.
Dried Fruit firm.
Provisions unchanged.
Exptanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
v station indicate maximum temperature for the
d&ys; tho-e uudeineatb it. If any, tbe amount of
rain:all, of melted snow in inches an<l iu.iidredths,
(luring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lUKS, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iao- i
{terms, or dotted lines, equal tempfntture. The
word "hlKh" means hinh barometric pressure and
Is usßully act-omuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloady weather and rains.
"Lows" ns..ally first appear on tbe WashlnctOD
toast, when the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coasi. and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when Ihe "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of I'rt-son is improb
able. With a "hleh" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, mail
weather may be expected in summer and coidej
•r.-ather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
fciil produce na opposite result.
WEATHEB BUREAU REPORT.
Vnitkd States Dkpartmext op Agbictji/
tire, Weathkk Bubxau, B*ar Francisco, Sept.
23, .896, 5 f. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stailom In California io-<iav:
EORJCB 62, Red Bluff 74. Francisco 59,
Fresno 78, son Luis OUspO 72, Lis Angeles 74,
ban Diego 70, Yuma 88
i-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 55, moan 57.
The pressure has risen during the past twenty
four hours over the Pacitic slope. It has fallen
rapidly over the upper Missouri Valley.
lLi- teniieraturt- nas risen over Nevada, Utab
aiifornia and has fallen over Arizona,
Oregon, Washington, Idaho und the country to the
itain has fallen dun::g the pas. twelve hours in
Northern Nevada. J.i-ht rain iias fal'eu in Ore
-1:0:;, Washington and Idaho. The weather over
tbe southern- half 01 :ao Pacillc Coast has been
fair.
Forecast made at San Frpncisco for thirty hours
ending Luidnigbt. September 24, 1896:
Northern C'aiit'urnia— Fair Tnorsday; warmer;
licht fos <>n the coast early in the morning; fre=h
northwesterly winds.
southern California— Fair Thursday: warmer
Thursday nicht; fresh westerly winds On the
co;i-t: northerly winds in the valleys.
Nevada— Fair i hur^day.
0 tah— Fair Th ursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; warmer.
San Franclico and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh westerly winds; lialu fo^ early in the morn
ing. AX.KXANDKK G. MCADIE,
Local Forecast Ollicial.
.NhW VOKK JIAURtiv
Financial]
rTITW YORK. N. V., Sept. 23.— Sugar wan the
feature of the stock market to-day. It opened
slightly lower at 111% and soon dropped to 110%.
The decline was followed by purchases to cover
short contracts and a rise to 112% followed. The
transactions were heavy, the stock figuring for
62,900 shares, in a grand total of 22J.897 shares.
The erratic course of the stock naturally caused a
good deal of comment. One storr was that the In
siders had par ed with their speculative holdings.
A rumor which gained currency late In the day.
and which induced some selling, was to the effect
that the Mollenbauer refiner}- of Brooklyn would
Increase its capital to $20,000,000.
The significance of this statement lies In the
fact that the Mo lenhauer Company Is ontside of
the trust. Reading was next in point of activity
and sold up to 19%, the best price for a long time
past.. The bonds of ; he company were also in re
quest and scored material gains. The securities of
the company were Influenced by the completion of
the foreclosure proceedings at Philadelphia to
day. The general list ruled ra:her weak after the
opening on account of the heaviness of sugar ana
a belief that the Bank of England will advance its
ra'.e of discount. . A report was also afloat that the
bank In ended to put up its price for bar gold an 1
American eagles. This, it was argued,* would
check the flow of gold this way.
Nevertheless the sum of $1,500,000 additional
gold was withdrawn from the . bank to-day for ex
port, bringing the out! engagements on. the way
and delivered since August 28 last up to nearly
$41,000,000. lie downward movement In stocks
did not last long, and hy 2 o'clock the early looses
were not only recovered, .but In a number of in
stances the highest figures of the day were reached.
At the top notch the leading issues showed ad
vances of V*(§) 2 per c«nt. Near the close when
SSuear develoi-ed renewed weakness, the entire
market sympathized and a recession of I4@li/i
per cent ensued, speculation closed barely steady.
Net changes were confined to fractious. Reading,
however, rose 1 and Chicago Gas % percent,
wbl.e sugar lost 1% per cent. In the inactive
Issues Cordage gain^o v 2 to 3%, and Illinois steel
'-'3 a per cent on the day.
Ihe bond market was strong an 1 active. Sales
touted up $1,374,000. Reading issues were the
features. The tlr-t preferred advanced 1% to
:'.7. . 6 : do seconds, 2 to 23: do thirds. 2% to 21%
and do general fours. 1 to 73%. Chicago and Kne
firsts rose 1 to 107; Hocking Valley Consolidated
sixes, 1% to 83%; Columbus and X ln ih-:t venue
fives, 1% to 112%; Lincoln and Colorado fives, 4
to 24%; Cordage sixes, 4 to 22; Northern Pacific
Terminal sixes, 1% to 102; do Montana first
sixes, 2to 34; Tenners c Coal and Iron, Birming
ham Division Consolidated sixes, 214 to 82, ami
Western Sew ■ York and Pennsylvania general
fours, 1% to 40.
In government bonds $14,000 coupon fours of
1926 sold at 116%. --•■;•,*" ;
Grain. ,•
FLOUR — Quiet; Firm. Winter wheat, low
trades, $1 70(0.2 55: do, fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40
-do, patents, $2 50(<£3 80: Minnesota clears, $2 30@
2 90: do, patents. $3 26<&4 35; low extras, $] 70®
M 55: city mills, $3 35i(^;tOO; do, . patents, $4 10
@4 25; rye mixtures, $y 60@3 10; superfine, $1 55
to? 10; fine, $1 40@2 00. Rye flour, dull; steady
$2 25@2 75.
- CORN ME Al, — Quiet; steady. Yellow West- 1
crn, f 1 95(4.2. . ■;
RYE- Firm. Western. 42c,
•BARLEY-Flrm; 32% c.
WHEAT— Spot market dull, firm,' l*4@l%fi
higher: f . o. b. 833/ c: ungraded red. 71®83c; No 1
Northern, 71% c
t'ptious were more active and rather excited
closing strong at \3./^(qi\i/ 6 c advance, due to bullish
cables, fair foreign buy 111., better outside demand,
local coverings and high West. Decembtr and
May most active. / No. 2 red dosed: : .May, 73*4 - c
-eptember, 69% c; OctoDer, 69% c: November.
70y 8 c; December. 70% c. ■
LuR.N- Quiet; stronger. No. 2, ■ 27% c eleva
tor: 28%<* afloat. , .
» iptlom were more active and firm a' %c ad
vance,' following the West and, firmer cables. De
cember most active, • a?pt ember closed, 27c: Octo
ber. -7VB C ; December, 27«/ ac; May. 8034 c. •■•
, OAT& — spot, dull; stronger. •
'Options fairly active: firmer. September, 21c;
October, 21c; December, 22c •
• pot prices: -No. 2,,a0%@21c; No. I ' white.
_____ : _ _riNAyciAL/ _ ;^V^-;jj : _-
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WttEELUCK & CO.,
4 LeidebdoriT st, Tel. Main 1954.
.' . ' ' BRANCH OFFICE ' ' ' ' " ' ". '
623 Market SU , Palace Hotel. ■ Tel. Main ' 5828.
< ITKDY & ATKINSON. Managers;..
 Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, b. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NEW YORK.
24'/<»c; No. 2 Chicago, 2iy 3 c; >o. 3, 18y»@19c;
No. 3 white, 21Vac; mixed Western, 20c.
j rovinlom.
LARD— Quiet, stronger: Western steam, 1 3 95@
4: city, $3 55: September. $3 95, nominal: re
fined fair demand: continent, $4 35; bourn Ameri
can, $1 75; compound, ; 3/ 4 @4c. ;
PORK— Finn, moderate demand; new mess,
$7 75@8 50. ' .
P.l"i 'IKK— Fair demand: choice firm; Western
dalr\*.7%@Hc: do creamery, ll®15c: do factory,
8 ,1: 10' Klyins. 15c; imitation creamery, 9@llc.
CHKKfJE— DuII, unsettled: part skims, 3@Bc.
liCJtiS— Firmer, fairdemand; Western, lti@l7c:
do V case. $2 10©4.
•1 ALLOW— Active, strong; city, 3V4c; country,
3S/ S @3%c
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady; crude, 21@22c;
yellow, prime, 23%@24c
RlCE— Firm, fairly active, unchanged; domes
tic, 6us)s%c: Japan, l®4ViC. -
MOLASSES- r'alr demand, uncHanged, firm;
New Orleans, 27@37c.
COFFEE— IiuII. unchanged to 6 points down;
September. s9 85: November, $8 90: March.*8 80;
April, $8 85: May, $8 80@8 85. Spot Rio, anil,
steady; No. 7, 10%.
SUGAR— Quiet, unchanged; off A, 4 7-16@4%c;
mold A, sc; standard A, 4%c; confec. loners' A,
4 %c: cut loaf anu «rushed, 8 c; powdered, 6c;
granulated. 4 c; cubes, -c.
1 ruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B%c
PEACHLb— Peeled, oid, 12@14c; do impeded,
6&Bc. ■■'.'.-■-'
■■' PRUNES— Four sizes, SfaSVsc. .
RAISINS— OId, iwo-crowi.-, . oose Muscatel, 4f«,
I 4V»c; do three-crown. 5%c: do iour-crowu, 6c;
do London layers, $I@l 15; do clusters, $1 25@
146.
ALMONDS— Soft shell, 9Y>c: paper shell, 12 Vie.
W.ALN Standar 7c: do soft, shell, B%c.
HuPf.-Qui«»u I'acitlc 1 oaa:, 6*B
' WOOL— Moderately active; steady. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c; pulled. lb(A3lc; 'lexas, 7&12&
Slerciiaiulisn.
PIG IRON— fair demand. American,
$10 251410 MX
01 -Unchanged. Lake. 510 70(^11.
1-EAIJ— QuieU Domestic. «l 75@-» SO.
UN-Easy. Straits, 9-12 90@i2 95;' plates,
quiet.
triiLTliß-Quiet. Domestic $3 55@3 65.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Iti., Sept. 23.— bullish temper
J of the wheat trade was more j pronounced and ag
gressive to-day than it has been at any- time since
the recent advance * was inaugurated. Prices
leaped quickly after the opening, and . after the
expiration of the first forty-five minutes were 1 Vac
hif uer than they closed yesterday. The situation
ore-.ented no new or startling features, but the
sentiment has ten hardening for some time, new
allies joining the bull ranks every day. North
western receipts were unexpectedly light to-day,
only 640 cars arriving against 932 last Wednes
day and 808 a year ai:O. A falling off was looked
for, but not quite so much as really took place.
Liverpool opening cables «ere 14 d higher, and an
advance of 1 Vs&l-I'i marks was quoted at Berlin
a: the opening. . Chicago received 169 cars and in
spected out 1°.'6,5&8 bushels.
The session was one of continuous flurry, reac
tions were of the most insignificant character and
each one was succeeded by renewed buying ex
citement. Closing . Liverpool advices were %d
I higher and Continental markets responded to our
advance without equivocation. The only disap
pointing circumstance was the absence of outside
trade, iocal operators t;ein_- the best traders. Ex
port clearances were' liberal at 406, .-(79 bushels.
December 1 wheat opened from 6-iysc to 63c, ad
vanced 10 65c, closing at 64%@tiac, 33/ -is2%c
higher tban yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 200 cars. • :
COKN— Was a laggard m the race. While prices
for this grain were fairly firm out of resi ect to tne
strength of wheat, nevertheless there was no
energy or vigor in the m. rket, and only mo 'crate
appreciation took place. Receipts were 405 cars,
35 more than estimated. Withdrawals from store
• were 126.6.'*8 bushels. Liverpool cables were firm
and unchanged 10 1 4<l higher, Export clearances
amounted to 2JS.ObI bushels. " Way corn opened
a: ?4*4@24%C, sold between 243^0 and 25% c,
closing at 25i/B®-SV4C, 3/ 8 c higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 560 cots.
OATS— Prices were np jus : a trifl-. the tone of
the neighboring marKets having 14 strengthening
••fleet, but as business was lacking there was no
indication of the market participating in the boom
seen in wiieat. Receipts were 263 cars, and 24,
-90* bushels were taken from store Export* were
2520 bushels. May oats closed Vie higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 295
cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash. 69%@70%c; Septem
ber, 70©70%: October, 70c: December, 71%@
72i,j[C: May. 77c. , Receipts 51 cars. • -iJSs*
PROVISIONS— interest was distracted by . the
superior performance of the wheat market, and
for that reason the pit was deserted most of the
time. The ho? market was steady, and product
displayed a similar tone through sympathy. At
the cuse January pork was 2%c lower than yes
terday; January lard 5c higher, ana January ribs a
shade lower.
BUTTER— There was a good demand for butter
to-day, and a steady feeling was ' noted. Offerings
were not heavy.
Creameries— Extras, 14% c ft Ib: firsts, 12@13c;
seconds, 10.a1.c; imitations, fancy, 12©. 5c
Dairies— tiiras, 13c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds. 10c
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c; firsts, 8&8% c; packing
stock. 6@7c: grease, 4@Sc.
EUGB— Were in good demand with light offer-
Ings, fresh stock. 14@14%c
JJONt^— Was 6(&7% on call and 7% on time
loans. Kmr or* exchange sold at 60c dis
count. *
Closing Price*.
WHEAT— SeDtember. 64y a c; December, G4%@
65c; May, 68% c.
CORJJ— fpieaiber. 21% c; December, 22% c;
May, ■i 6y B @2sy4C.
OATb— September. 163 c; December, 16%®
17c: May. 19S /B e.
PORK— October, $5 95; January, $7 02%.
LARL— October, $3 62%: January. «4 02%.
October, $0 17%; January, $3 60.
■ Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Ili.. Sept. 23.— The
receipts of cattle to-day were heavy. Trade was
late in starling and prices ruled 6@loc lower. With
the exception of choice heavy hogs, prices were
strong to 5c hither. . Supplies were light. Sheep
were steady and lambs strong. . There was a good
demand and only moderate offerings.
- CATTLE — Receipts. 20,000. Fancy beeves.
$4 i 0&5 00: choice 10 crime, 1300 to 1700 m steers,
$4 40W4 80; good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600 Ib.
S4 00(a,i 35 ; medium steers. 1000 to ) 300 ft.. $3 60
&3 85: fair beef steers. 950 to 1300 lbs,
$3 60 <$ 3 76: butcher steers. $3 25 @ 3 50:
choice siocken and feeders, 900 to 1250 D>, $3 30
(£63 70; fair do. 600 to 875 lb. $2 60@3 25; bulls,
choice to extra, $2 BUIS3 25: bulls, poor to choice,
$1 51/(5 i 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra. $3 50
@3 7.i; cows, fair to choice, $2 26@3 40: cows,
common to fair canners. $1 10@2 00: calves, good
to choice. $5 &o(a6 05: calves, common to good,
S3 00(&5 25; Texas grass steers. sa 6u@3 00.
Texas cows and bulls, $1 7b@2 50; w esternc stern can
ning steers, $2 65(a, 1; Western range cows ana heif
ers, $2 2 5 (a. 3 20. milkers and springers, If, head,
$'iO®37: Western range steers, $2 70@3 65; West
ern rangers, $2 25 ©3 26.
id out* — Receipts. 28.000. Heavy packlnc ana
FnJppini: lots. $2 7.j(a,3 30: common to choice
mixed, $2 9UC<£3 40: choice assorted. $0 30^
3 40: light. $2 90@3 40: pics. $1 50a3 35
-b-HEtP—Receipts. 17.0JU uiteuoc to choice,
♦ 1 76(0.3; lambs, $3«4 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 23.— The Karl Fruit Com
pan.- : sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— 65c@$l 45; Muscat, 70c@$l 40;
Cornicbon. $1 4 : Black Morocco, $1 45. Pears—
Bartlett, $1 70@2 06. Prunes— Hungarian, $120
@1 30. .
NEW YORK. K. V., Sept. S3— Porter Bros. Com- I
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartletts. $1 25@2 10. mostly $1 90 ft box
and $1 20 ~# half-box. Grapes — Tokays and Mus
cats-, 55c@$l 50 $ sinele crate: assorted, $1 or>@
1 25: Black Morocco, 70c@$l 2a Quinces— sl 30
fi box. Prunes— $1 20 '$ half crate. I'ome-
Kranateg, $1 60 i* box. Peaches— 4o@7sc- %1 box.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange. .Honey and ■ Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 3®6%: last loan at 'A\'-j%
and closing offered at 3%%- . Prime mercantile pa
per, 7(a9i. Ear, silver, 66%0. Mexican dollars,
50%@5^%c. Blcrlins Kxchanse steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 81%@4 82
tor «lxtv oays, and $4 8:-fs,i(.a4 84 for demand.
Posted rates, $4 82@4 84%. Commercial bills,
$4 hO@4 81. Government bonds firm. state bonds
dull. Railroad bonds strong. Silver at the board
was quiet. , ■'..-'.
crofTjrn tTivir*.
Am Tel & Cable-... 881/2 Norfolk * Westrn. 8%
Atch150n..... ....... ll s /l! »referred. 12%
Preferred ....... 1"%! Northern Pacific... <12
Adams Express... 143 Preferred......... 20%
Alton, Terre Haute 65 Northwestern 98
American Expression * -Preferred.-. 140
AmericanToD&cco. 62% N. Y. Central 82
Preferred......... 96 N.Y.,Chlcago<fciL. 10
Bay State Ga5...... lft"»/i Ist preferred..... 66
Baltimore it Ohio,. 14 .id preferred -23
Brunswick Lands.. % X. Y.& N. H.....;. 167
buffalo, Roch AP. 17 N. Y. <fc New Eng. 20
Canada Pacific... 67 N. V., Susq & W... B■'
Canada Southern.. 44% Preferred. 21%
Canton Land....... 60^8 Ontario. ...., 9
Central Pacific..... Ontario & Western liV
Ches. <t 0hi0....... i4Vs Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago Alton.. ....165 t Preferred.. —
Preferred 1 633i|Oregon Navigation . 12
Chicago. B. A; a... 6-> Orecon Short Line. 13%
Chicago <fc E. 111... 3i« Pacific Ma 11... ...;;< 18%
- Preferred. ■h9 : - ;I>orla, D.<fe Evans la/,
ChlcacoGas........ 60V8lPitubur>( &W. pfd 15
Cleve<t Pittsbnrs..l&o jPullman Pa1ace.. ..142%
Consolidation CoaL 31 Quicksilver.. )%
Consolidated Gas.. 145 ; Preferred. .......-, 16
C. C. C. <tBt. LouU 26% Readmit..:.; .... . ■ IHS4
Preferred......... 75 il'.loGrande&Westa 16
Colo. Fuel & iron.. •18- | ■ Preferred. ...- 40 -
Preferred......... 76 iKocklsland ... tO%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 12% Rome Wat&Osaen.llo
Commercial Cable. 140 st. L. &S. W....  3%
Del. Hnd*on_.. .... 121 I Preferred...; 7%
Del.Lack<bWe»trn. IS3 St.' Paul • -.. - ; 705,:
Denver dtß.O..... ,108/4 Preferred.. 127
Preferred... ....„ 41% Paul <fc Dnlnth. 16
ristiiltrs .:- — j Preierred 76
General Electric...' 27" ! < >t. Paul & umaha. 37
Erie.....'............ t 12% i Preferred... 115
. Preferred :..■ i.'B EL P. M; A M...... 103
Fort Wayne. .145 (Oliver Certificates. 65%
Great Northern ptdli4 Southern Pacific... 15
Green 8ay......-.../'-- South It. Hi::.: 7%
Hnrlero. .;....:... 300 j.Preierred.. ' 2: V«
Hocking Coai ifr'ojiar Refinery .... 110.V*
Hocking Valley.... 14 :.! Preierreo. 90%?
Homestake.;;...;.. 34V4lTfnn. Coal & Iron, all*
H. i Texas Cent.;.— j ". Preferred. .... 90 '"
Illinois Central 88% Texas Pacific" 6%
Jo «a Central....... 7 Tol.A.A.&N.lUcn'.—
Preferrea. 26 Tol. & Ohio Cent... 20
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
Kansas <k Texas.'... lOVsl Preferred. 50
Preferred 22% Tol.BuLonis<JkK.C b
Kin^stou<a Pern... 3 Preferred. 15
Lake Erie <fc Westn 14% Union Pact no '6%
Preferred 64»/ 4 U. P. Den <fc Gnlt.. "18/»
Lake Shore 145- U. 8. Cora age 4%
National Lead 21% • Preferrea.......^ 9
Preferred......... 82 Guaranteed ...... 17%
Long Island.. 66 U. S. Kxpress 35
Louisville & Nash. 40 U. b. Leather 8%
Louisville . NadtCa 2 Preferred.. 65%
Preferred. 6% U. S. Rubber....... 17 1
Manhattan Con sol. 86 Preferrea. 70
M em pbis<& Chart]. 15 Utica <& R. River.. l6o
Mexican Central... X% Wab. b. L. & Pac.. 5%
Michigan Central.. R7 Preferred. , 13%
43.'nn<tS.L. — ■ Wells-Farit0........ •60 ■•.
Preferred.. ;.— — Western Union 82 7 /g
Minn & St. L com, 14% Wisconsin CentraL 1%
ist preferred.. 65 Wheeling &L. Hi.. 6
preferred 40 Preferred 24%
Missouri 1 acifla ... 19% Am Cotton OU pfd. 46
Mobile & Ohio 16%) W. U. Beef B%
Nashville <fc Chatt. 67%' Ann Arbor 6%
National Linseed.. 153/,. Preferred is%
N. J. Central 1U2»4 lirooklynTracUoa, tOV a
NorUi American... 43/gj Krie 2d plO- ■■ 16%
CroSIXO BOXTM.
Ala Class A 4s. 101 Northern Pao lsts. 11 3%
Do Class B 4, 55.. 100 Do2ds 105
Alabama, cia&t -J. 96 Do3ds 67
Atcniaon«s 76 Do consoles 46
Do2ds A......... 34%OImprovementlst / 75
CanadaBouth2ds..lol Do 6s ...... 10%
Cen Pac lsuof '95. 98% OR&N lsts. ... lOH%
Cherokee 4s, 1886.100 l»o :onsol 6s *»2
Do 1887..... 10!J Or Short Line 65. ..106%
£° 1898 10'j j Doconsss 69
Do 1899. 100 raciflc<Jsof97....
Ches* Ohio 6s....lOsV2;l'h.la&..eadin(j«S. 75%
yi^i" l* Tr Bets os 40% Do lsi I'fdincam. 35»A
DCB-65S 109% p. Grande West Ists 69
Den KG Ist Uo%|hti>tUonMtGenss 71
,. I>0 *«- 86 bl L & 8 F Gen 6s. 103
£ T *f. M * 68% St Paul Consols.... 124
it\\&HenCltylsts 48% st P C & Pa 15:5...113 V*
I'HABABI. 101 so Carolina 4%5... 95
Do2d7s 100 6onthernßß6s... 84%
Gen Kiec Debbs... 86 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 108
11* Tex Cent 65..10614 Tmnnew 3s 75
DoconOs. 102 lexas Pad flo lsts. 79%
lowa Cen:ral Ists.. 91% Texas Pacific 2ds.. 17%
X annas Pa Consols 63 Union Pac lsts »«. 101 %
k4 **" li»u Lea UivlOS 1B 4s reg of 1. 25.116
La Consol 4s 90 Do 4s, c0up0n.. ..116%
Missouri funding... c P 4s.r«»r of 1907.106%
M^ T 2ds 64 Do 48. c0up0n.... 107%
». Do 4s *° DoSs 92%
Mobile & Ohio 45.. 60 Do6s. ...HO 3 /*
Mutual Union .106% X 065. c0up0n. ...110»,4
?> J Cent Gen 55.. .114 Va funding debt... 66 /*
£"i <-* s t Louis 48102% Do registered.....—
Nor&West Gen 65.116 Do fief erred 63... 6
N Carolina con 4a.. 95 Do trust rcptasc. 4
D065.........r...110 jWatjusli Ist. 65..... 104
northwest Consols. 132 West Shore 4*-....103
•Do deb 6s 105 i
FOREIGN MAUKETS. .
WEUT IN uvKßPont.
LIVERPOOL, 'Esq., Sept. 23.— spot market
is firm at 6s lOd. Cargoes firm at 28s 3d.
FUTURES. ;"..';"..
The Produce Exchance cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Hed Winter: Sep
tember, 6s 6vgd; October, 5s 6%d; November, 5s
6%d; December, 5s 6%d; January, 6s 6%d.
BKCUKITIKS.
LONDON, Ens., Sept. 2S-— Consols, 109%;
silver, 30V*d: French Rentes, lOlf 62% c
EXCHAKGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5......; _ $4 83
Sterling Exchange, 5ight.......... — ,4 85 '
Sterling Cables ....; — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Flue silver, %i ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars 61 61%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AM> O'fiiEß GKAIXS.
WHEAT— The A*gl takes for Bristol 60,579
ctls, valued at $51,844; Formosa, for Cork, 9981
ctls at $10,200.
The market continues to rise and Is very stiff at
the advance, with an active demand for export.
The r se Is apparently legitimate and the market
is In better shape than for three years. No. 1,
$1 02V2(3<1 033/4 1» ctl; choice, $1 05 %* ctl: lower
trades, i>sc@.*l; extra choice lor milling, $1 06%
@1 07% $ cii. • *
' CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Skrsion — o'clock— December—
14,000 $1 06%; 8000, $1 06%: 8000, $106%:
8000, $1 o>i7/ 8 . May— 4oo, $1 103/. : 4000, $1 10%;
4000. .$1 10%.-
M < • si) >i>»ioN— May— 6ooo ctls. $1 10%; 2000,
$1108^. December — 12,000, $1 07 V 8 ; 24,000,
$1 07; 4000, $1 06%. '
Regular Morning Session— May— l6,ooo ctls,
$1 11; 2000, $1 10%: 8000, $1 10%; 16,000,
$1 liVg: 6000. $1 11 Vi- December - 16.00U,
$1 07%; 6000, $107%: 16,000, $1 07%; 38,000,
$1 075/8.
An kbnoos Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 07%; 16,000, $1 08: 4000, $1 07S /4 ; 12,000.
$1 07% May— 4ooo, $1 11%; 18,000 $1 11%.
BaRLEY -The star of France takes for Cork
51.^46 ctls Brewing, valued at $40,500; Formosa,
for ' Cork, 43,662 ctls at $34,800, and Agcl, for
i Bristol, 33,170 ctls at $20,530.
These shipments show a continuation of the
heavy export movement In Brewing. Feed, how
ever, is quiet. We quote Feed, 67%@62%c V ctls
choice bright, ti.i34(g6 ic; Brewing. 72%&80 c %
cU; Chevalier, 90<.<a^l for No. 1.
CALL BOABD BALES.
Intobmal Skssiox— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Skcosd Session— No sales.
Kkgi'ijik Mukni.no bEssiox— December— 2ooo
ctls, 70c; 4000, 70% c.
aktebnoon SESSlON— December— 4o,ooo ells,
70% C: 2000, 70*4& !
OATS— Black, for feed, is quotable at 70@80c
* c*l: Milling, 87%@92%c * ctl: fancy Teed.
92%©95 c %\ ctl: good to choice, 85(g,92%c: com
mon .o fair, 75(&80c; Gray, 86@87%c; Surprise,
95c©5102%.
CORN— No improvement. Large Yellow, 80®
82V>c: Small Round do, 85c 9 ctl: White, 76@80c.
YE— ls quoted firm at 85@ti7%c %i ctl.
BUCKWUEAT-Kominal at So®9sc * ctU
IXOL'K AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The millers have advanced prices 15c
all around, owing to the rise in Wheat. Net cash
prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 75@8 90
9 bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65; superfine,
$2 90@3 15.
COKSMEAL. ETC.-Feed Cora, 818 60@19;
Cracked corn. $19@19 50 $ ton.
MILLSTUFF--— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 10;
Rye Flour, $2 60; Rice tflour, $5 76; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, $2 75: oatmeal, $2 90- Oat
• .routs, $3 50: Hominy, $3 10@3 30: Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10@3 30: Cracked Wheat, $2 75- Fa
rina, $3 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $2 80: Rolled
Oats, $3 60; Pearl Barley, «3 60; Split Peas, S3 20;
Green do, $4 10 %i 100 lbs.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— $12@>12 SO for the best and $11@11 50
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIS %i ton for lower grades, and
$16@18 9 ton for the best.
FEELSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 ft too: jobbing, $22: clipped
Oats. 97%c@$l 05 * ctl.
HAY — Arrivals are not aulte as heavy as they
have been, but they are heavy enough. Wheat,
$7@9 $ ton; Wheat and Oat, $6@B 60 9 ion:
Oat. *s<s>7 : Barley. $6@7; River Barley, $4 60@5-
Alfalfa, $6 60@6 60 lor second and $4 60@5 for
tint cutting: compressed $6®9; slock, »ISS-
Clover, B@7 60 ?i ton.
STRAW— 3O@3Sc fi bale.
BEiXS AND SEEDS.
BEAN'S— Bayos quotable at 95c&$! 15 ft ctl;
Small Whites, 86c@$l 10 ?) ctl; Pea. S*sc@
$1 15* ctl; L*ree Whites, 80@90c «i ctl; Pink,
75©r5c V- ctl: Reds, $I@l 10 V ctl; Blackeye
$125; Red Klaney, $lunl 10; Llmas, SI OOfa)
1 80: Butters, SI 25@1 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 50®2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $1 40&1 60: Flax, $1 25; Canary, Mfc
f<*23ie * Ib: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%c; Hemp,
3%0 * Ib. • ■ .-•••, ■ - "'
JUKI PEAS— SI io@l 40 $ ctl for Niles and
$1 26@1 00 lor Green. •
f - - • . ■ ' - ' — — — -^— . , -
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Very steady. Sweet Potatoes are
quotable at 7uc®sl 26 % oil; Early Rose, 25(j5»36c
ft sack; Burbank Seedlings, 30&40 c lor Elvers
and 60@90c ■$ c.l for Salinas.
ONIONS— fi sack; Pickles, 40@50c »
sack. •'-■' ■•'•■' *■> ■ ;. . - - ■ ■ ■
VEGETABLES — Marrowfat Squash is quot
able at $s@B V ton; Green Corn, 60@76c V
Back: Alanieda Corn, $I@l 26 v* crate; Berke
ley Corn. 35@>50c V box; Summer Squash,
15@25c %i box: Egg Plant, . 26@i40c « box;
Tomatoes. l;0(goOc * box; Cucumbers, 25@35c
%> box; Plckies, l%c 9'Jb for No 1 and 76@
80c ctl for No. 2; Green Peppers, 25@35c '0
large box for Chile and 25@35c for Bell: Green
Peas. 6llc@sl '<& sk for common and 2@2%c & tb
for Garden; string Beans. 50cfe$l %i sack for com
mon and 2@2%c %« lb for garden; Limns, 50@75c
%* sack; Green Okra, 40©S0c %i box; Dried Okra,
12% c 3 tb; Cabbage, 40c %4 ; ctt; Carrots, 30@40c
%4 sack; Garlic, l@l%c * lb. .
BI'TTEK, CHEESE AND EGOS. "
BUTTER— The pressure la to sell and the feeling
la weak.
Ckkamebt— Fancy,2l@22%c; seconds, 20c V Ib.
Daisy— 20c & lb; good to choice, 17V»a
19c; lower grades, 12%@16c * tt>.
Pickled— l6@i 7c ■» It).
FIBKIN — 11@1«C lb.
•' C'lli:;i:>E— Choice mild new, B%@9c: common
to good old, 6<£Sc: Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young
America, 9©10 c:: Western, 10@llc; Eastern, 11®
13c ?»». .
KGG — -The market is stiff and advancing. Ore-
f on are quotable at 13® 16c t* doz; - Eastern. 16@
9c for lair to choice and 20c for fancy: store Eggs.
i..(£.16c tor ordinary and 17@20c for good; ranch
Eggs, 25@30c; cold-storage. 18($20c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Large fat Hens sell over the quota
tions. . There are very few coming in. Ducks are
doing better. .
Live Turkeys, 13@14c « lb for Gobblers. 12@lSc
for ■ ens: young Turkeys. ]s<islHc; Geese, 1* pair,
•s.@l 25; ".osllngs, $1 25®1 50; Ducks. «3@4
V dozen for. old and $4(a5 for -young; Hens,
$4«s.">: Roosters, yountr, : $4@5- 9 dozen; . do,
old. $4@4 50: Fryers, $4 75@3; Broilers, $2 60@
3 ' for - large . and 9^<&- 50 ■ for small; - Pigeons,
$1 75 ft dozen for young and $1 60 for old.
I (<-> AMfc.— -Nomiual. • 1 f.
DECIDUOUS AND; CITKUS~"rRCITsT
■ ORCHARD FRUITS— -
Quinces are rather scarce. Not many Plums are
seen. Peaches are easy, but no lower.
Quinces, 40@50c * box. : .
Peaches, i!s(a,soc '$ box for ordinary and 60@75c
for Mountain free.
Plums, 35@50c * box; Prunes, 50@75c.
Pomegranates. 35@76c H box.
Apples, 65c@$l %* box for choice. $125 for
fancy and :'s@suc for common.
Pears, -30@50c fi box; Bartletts, 50@75c * large
box. . . • . n^fti<MnmtiH|i*tf<WHwnri *
Figs, 25@350 9 box for white and 25@40c for
black. HEWBSnHBHBBCBB
BERRIKB— .
Strawberries, $2®4 for large berries.
Raspberries, *3@5 ?* chesu
Blackberries. $2@4 9 chest. .
Huckleberries, % Ib. .
Cranberries from Wisconsin, $8 60; Cape Cod,
$8 to •* bbl.
GRAPES- Zlnfandel Wine Grapes are reported
somewhat damaged by the rain. Table sorts are
quieter and easy, seedless, 35id5Or 1?. box: Isabel
las. 50@65c crate Tokays, 25@50c $ box : Black
Grapes, 40@60c: Muscats. 40@50c: Sweet waters
and Fontainebieaux, 35@40c t* box; Grapes in !
crates bring locdil 5c more than in boxes.
Zinfandel Vine Grapes, $20@25 %i tor; White
Grapes. $14@1 6.
MELONS— Watermelons, f2@B H 100: Canta
loupes, 75c®$i 25 « crate; Nutmegs. 25@50c ft
box. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, 76c@$l 50 V, box 1
for common and $2 50@3 60 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, $6@5 50 V box: California Limes.
: Bananas, $1&l2 «4 bunch; Pineapples, $2't6
3 60^ doz.
I>KIKI> FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
dried FRUITS—
The market for Prunes, Peaches and Apricots
continues to point upward.
- Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@Bc V lb for Royals
and 9(aUoe %* tb for choice to fancy Moornarks;
Prunes. 3@3%c; Peaches, 3@4i4c for prime to
choice, 6%c for fancy and »@loc for peeled in
boxes: Apples, 5c for evaporated and 2@2%cfor
sun-dried; Pears, l%@3c for prime to choice. 2@3c
tor quarters and 4@oc lor halves; Plums, 4c tor pit
ted and 1%(32c for unpltted; Nectarines. 3@4c
for choice and dc for fancy; white Figs, 8c; black
Figs, 2V4@v.'%c ,
Jobbing Pbices— Peaches. 4V4@6%c: fancy, 7c
V tb; Apricots, 6@7c: fancy, 8c; Moorparks, 10@
lie: evaporated Apples, 6c: sun-dried, 3c; Prunes,
S@3\4c for the four sizes; Figs, black. 2%c for un
piessed ; na 3@3% for pressed: white 1 its, 4c:
Plums, 5c for pitted ana l%c for unpltted; Necta
rines. 4(a,5c Ib for prime to fancy: Pears. 2%@
3c for whole, 2%®3%c tor quarters and 4@sc lor
halves. ■ • " ; .
raisins— vY. ;::.-. -T
url.ad Pbickb, r. o. b. Fresno— Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown. 31 ie; 2-crown, 2%c; Seedless
Sultanas, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 10; clusters, $1 35; Dehesa
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, $2 50; dried
Grapes, 2<s£c ¥ lb.
Jobbing I'Kif-KS— Four-crown, loose, 4%c; 3
crown, 3%c $* n>; 2-crown, 8c %» Ib; seedless Sul
tanas, 5cV'U.; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, $160: Dehesa clus
ters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, 2 60. ■
Quotations are as follows: Walnuts,
new crop, 3 Id at 10c for softshell; new Almonds,
7c for Lanxuedoc for hardshell and 9@loc for
paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c for Eastern
and 4c for California; Hickory Nuts, 6©6 c 9, tb;
Pecans, 7%@Bc; Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc ¥ U, ; Cocoanuts, $4@5 100.
HONEY— 10@12%c lor bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4%(&4%c; dark amber, 4@
4%c; aaric, £@3c V tt>.
gEESWA3£-a6®27c ? Ib.
PI.OVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon,' 6y a c V Jb for heavy,
7V?c ft &> for light medium. 9<a9y 2 c Ib
for light, 10@llo for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12i/ 2 013 c:
California Hums, lU@llc » lb; Mess Beef, $7@B:
extra mess do, $8 50@9; family do, $10@ll: extra
prime Pork, $B@B CO; extra Clear, $13 r bbl;
mess, $1 1 60@12 %) bDI: Smoked Beef, 10c * lb.
LARD— Eastern 'tierces Is quoted at 4 Vic f* B>
for com pou no and 6 1.41: for pure; palls, 6c 18 Ib;
California tierces, 4 Vie for compound and s^o lor
pure; haif-bbls, o^c; IU-tb tins, CVic; do 5-ib,
6%c V Ib.
COTI ULKNK-6V B @6yjC in halt-bbls and 6%©
7% * lb in 10-Ib tins.
BIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
• HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers B>^c;
cullsand brands, 5y 2 c: medium, 2 @61-; culls and
brands, 4v 2 (q>bc V Ib; light, 4@4V 3 c; culls and
brands. 3V 2 (gD4c; Cowhides, 4@sc: culls and brands,
SVa^^c; saitea Kip, oc; salted Calf, 6©7 c V lb:
salted Veal. 6@6c; dry Hides. 9@loc: culls and
branas, 7@7V 2 c; dry Kip and Veal. 8c; culls, 6@
7c ft Ib; dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20®
35c each: Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
2O(a,'-'sc i* lb: medium, 15® Oc; winter, 7@9c;
Sheepskins, shearings. 10;al5c each; short wool,
20@35ceacn; medium, 40.g.&0c each : long wools,
50@60 each. Culls of all kinds about y 2 c less.
i AiiLiOW— No. 1. rendered, 2 r&3c: Na 2,
L'@2V4c; refined. 4%@5c: Greas«, l^c % tb.
WOOL— New San Joaquin Fall, 2V^@4c 9 Ib.
We quote Spring clip: Humboldl and Mendoclno,
10(411c: Nevada, 6@BV^c: San Joaquin and South
ern Coast, six mouths. 3^i(^sc: northern free de
fective, 4y 3 @sVsjC ■$ tb.
. HOPS— Are nomlnaL
GENERAL MKi'CHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 12^@4 20:
San Quentlu. $4 20: Wool Bags. ,24H@2t$%c;
Fruli Bags, BVi@s3.ia
COAL-Welllngton, *8 * ton: New Wellington,
C 8 * ton: Southfield Wellineton, S7 50 « ton;
Seattle, $sf£s 60: uryan.. 85; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, *7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cunioerlanii, $13 50 ton in bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite K«r, *11 ton; Welsh
anthracite, $9; Cannel, *7 CO; lock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pieasant Valley, $7 t>o: Coke,
f 11012 In bulk and $13 * ton in sks.
LAN Dl.E>— New quotations are announced for
tbe following kinds: Parafline Wax Candles, l's,
2's, 4*, 6's, 12' a, white, be; assorted colors, 9c:
Christmas Candles, 7c.
tSUUAR— The Western Sugar P.eflnlng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c:
Powdered, 5»/gc; Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c; confectioners' A, 434 c: Magnolia A,
4s/ a c; ExtraC, 4l.4c: Golden C, 4V» C : half barrels,
V*c more than barrels, and boxes Va c more.
SAN Jb'KANCIhCO MJSAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— Quality. 5@5%c; second do, 4@
4Vac: third ao. 3%c pi tb.
VEAL— Large, 4®sc; small, s@6e » St.
MUTTON-Wethers, 6©5% c; Ewes, 4%@30
¥ o>.
LAMB— 6V2®6 I ,'«iC # tb.
PORK-Live Hojjs. 2%@2%c « tb for large and
2>4c for small and medium ; dressed do, 4%@4%c
%* lb.
KJJCEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, or 5k».... B,l 63 ' Cheese, ctls... .." 13
Washington .. 2.7OO!Krks. dor 1,630
Wheat. c;ls 89,905 Hides, no 78
Washington... 8.510 i Pelts, bdls 60
Barley. cils 18,481 1 Wine, ga15....... 48,050
Oats, ctls 15 1 Wool, bis 23s
Washington. M 4,^20;. bbls 420
Beans. 8k»....... 1.700 Lumber. M feet- . 70
Potatoes, ska.... 3,438 leather, rolls ■ 25
Onions, sits 290 Hops. bis 216
Bran, sks 2,100 !Quicksllvex,flsks 74
Middlings, sks... 460 Paper, reams.. .% 2,000
ay, tons 643| Lime, bbls . 162
Butter, ctls
THE STOCK MARKET.
stocks were firmer yesterday, at a slight ad
vance.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Confidence
Mining Company will be held to-day.
Assessments have been levied by the following
mining companies of Jordan district, Mono County :
Goleta, 20 cents: Sterling, 16 cents, ana Monte
cito, 15 cents per share. They will all be delin
quent in office November a/\i"
Bodib Consolidated— level— Work during
the week has been confined to the Gildea vein
above the 200 level, enlarging the main Gildea
raise and putting in 27 feet of waste chute. Are
stoping fair-grade ore south ; from the top of this
raise. On the surface have ! finished laying ' the
water pipe from th- Standard mine ' to ! the Bodle
shaft. Extracted during the week 19 tons (fore
man's estimate) of ore from the Gildea vf hi on the
200 level. Average assay value per ton, $38.
- Bulwkb Consolidated— 2oo Extended
the raise over crosscut 8 south 6 feet, and 8 Inches
of fair-grade ore is showlug in the top; Are stop-
Ing as heretofore in this raise and are 'prospecting
a small streak over the main drift, about thirty
feet south of the shaft. On the tunnel level have
raised 5 feet from east crosscut 2 on the vein that
snows In No. 1 raise. . The ore Is low grade. The
raise above the Intermediate drift was extended 4
feet and the south drift • from crosscut , was ad
vanced 8 feet, connecting with the crosscut, from
the intermediate drift. During . the week 691.4
tons of Bulwer Con. ore was sent to the • Standaed
mill, making a total of 226%. tons for this crush,
Ing. lie yield of ore for the past week was as fol
lows: 200 level, 11 tons, assaying $38 50: tunnel
level, 1 ton, assaying $25 to $32. Total tons, 12,
average assay value, $38 per ton. - —
Mono— On Bodie 400 level the south drift on the
lorjuna vein was extended 11 ; feet during the
week. our inches of fair-grade ore is showing in
the face 01 this drift. -'• - - ■
biANDABD' MIU Statement— There was* a
aeiav- at the milt during the- week- because of re
pairs necessary to the upper dam a*. Green I Creek,
where the electric power is I generated, and to the
pipe line. Ore crushed during the week, 187 tons
IV '^Standard con. Company . and 69 tons for
th- Bulwercon. Company. Average daily crush
ing 66 4-7 tons. Time lost for the week 57 hours.
Average assay vanner tailings. $7 53 per ton.
*?2 c !? tm *' 8 produced 1% tons,: assay value
♦00 91 Plate amalgam produced 561% ounces.
1JOA1CI) SALES.
Following were ' the sale* In the San "• Francisco
Mock Board yesterday:
KKGUI.AB UOXNINn BESSIOX. COMMENCING 9:30.
260 8e1cher.. .49 55 Ch01r...2.15 200 HAN. ..1.45
?£« £ Ulllou -" liM5O "...."..2.21 300 Ophlr... 96
100 «---44 .' 0 CC«teV...1.76 30 ■ »'oiost.'.:.S9
100 Clialln ...4; 200 Crwn Pt..46 300 Utah 06
AFTERNOON SKSSION-r-2 :30. '■
3 °o 81cher.....50 200 ChaUge...4s 160 GAC 60
■-00 •■•........ 49,100CC«fcV..1.7&1000cc1dt1....48
I"" » *«--. 9 u 100 Confl ...1.25100 ;.....;. 47
ICO Chllar-. 2.15 150 ..........1.30 a5O Uni0n.. ..36
250 ..a. 10 160 C P0int... 47 10J U:ah.;;...08
Board o*'"'0 * '"' the sales la the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BEOULAB SESSION"— IO:3O.
100 A1pha.'.. .16 100 Ch0ir... 2.20i1000ccd.......47
300 Alta. 06 200.. . 3.15200 .......... .48
200 Andes 2s 300 2y 8 300 Ophlr 93
, aw) iilchr 48150 Conn. 1.22 V' 2oo P0t051....90
£00 V;;-.;""- 100 C Imp . .0-1600 ... 88
/00 8&8......90 301) c P0int....4b4>0 Kav5r......59
100 Bodle 62 200 Exchqr....o< 500 SB AM.... 08
20U Bullion... 18 300 U&C. ..-SO 300 5^v......68
100 ... .'.--..'..19 203 H&JN...1.45 300 Union... ..36
200 Caled....-.li -_'0U .. 1.42^-.'oo . U...Z7
200 Cha11ge...43 400 Kentuck..o7 200 Utah OH
400 CC*V. ..1.7t) 300 ilex 48 400 V JcKl 28
400 ......... .1% 200 Overman.l4 1
. . ■ . AJTERNOOK SESSION— 2:3O. .
100 AlDba, M ..15j150 OCV 184 300 0vrmn....14
200 16)50 Conn.. ..1. bo 200 P0t051....88
200 Alta 06 2000 C 1mp. ..02400 5av....,..58
200 Ande5.. ...28 200 C Point. 47 300 58& M....08
300 Eelcner....49 200 .: „. 49-200 NT. .....68
100 • 50 200 O AC. .605008 Hill 02
200 8&8......89 150 H«N 1.421^ 200 Union C.37
200 94 50 . 1.471*400 88
100 90 600Kentuck..0?j700.. 40
600 8u11i0n.... 19 30U Mxcn. .48200 .......39
100 Buiwer.. .4; 400 49 100 Utah 07
100 Cualng....4; 100 Mono. 20 200 V JacKet-28
100... ...... ....47 500 0ccd......48 200 ...........SO
15D Ch0ir.. .2.16 .'5O Ophlr. ...9;-CiOU 31
800 .......2.171/2 94,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. WEDNESDAY, Sept. 23-4 p. it ;■.
Asked., Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con-... 16 17 Jackson.. 25 40
Alt*. 05 07 Julia . — 08
.Ande5.......... 28 30 Justice.'.'*." 04 06
Belcher < 61 52 Kfmuclc 08 07
Best & Belcher 93 95 Lady Wash.. 02 14
Benton C0n.... — 16 Mexican „ 48 • 60
Bodie. 62 66 Mono. 20 .22
8u11i0n........ 18 IP Nevada Queen. — 04
Bnlwer. 43 44 Occidental..... 47 49
Caledonia......' 11 12Ophlr 94 96
Choilar 8.16 2-20 Overman...... 14 16
I Con.Cal<&Va...l.7O 1.75 Potosl 89 95 i
| Challenge Con. 4» 51 savage. 58 60
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Scorpion. .. — 08
Confidence 1.35 I.4oJ*eg. Belcher... '07 08
Con New York — 04 Syndicate ..... 03 —
Crown Point... 49 50 Silver Hi 11.... — 03
EasiSierraNev — V 4 Sierra Nevada, 70 71
Kureka Con ... 25 — Union Con 38 39
Kxcheauer .... 04 06 Utah............ 06 07
(iouia&cuny. 49 60 YeUow Jack*. 30 SI
Hfciedi.Noi-cra.1.45 .1.50
GOLD lllMMi EXCHANQB.
Champion ...... Princess.
Bid .....17 00 Asked 73
Asked ...2aOo Providence
'.* Edna .......... Asked ; 80 00
Asked .. 36 200 Savannah .. 46
Grant. Thorpe
Bid „ lOißid 60
Asked .. 24 A5ked....... „ 80
Kennedy 60 Chollar 10
E1d...;... 676 60 „ 215
Asked .............. 6 60 60 Hale <& Norcn. 146
2UO Lockwood Con. 27 60 „ 160
300 -28
LOCAL. BJCCC7BITIKS.
Bid Spring Valley Water .96 00
AKked Spring Valley Water „ 97 50
Bid San Francisco Gas 92 50
Asked Kan .Francisco Gas 93 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 28-2 T. M.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Atke<JU\ Bid. Atked.
PS 45c0np..1053 / — |0 a reg... — 107%
Do new issue — |
. MIKCFLLANKOTT^
CaUotCbleSn. 108^4 — , p aC Ron M 9* — •_
CalElecL6slltt — Do 2d Is — _ '
CnlraCWSs — 94 l'*OKy6l. — JIB
Dpnt-stex-co — 97»/ P<fcUh Ry6i. — 107: .■„
LdsnL*P6sll9 — Pwl-stRRoV — 113
1 &CIJKK6S. — 106 Keno, Wl*L — 105
lieary-stRSs. — 107% S-acto P <fe U. — 102
LosAni»Lt}*. — 100 SF«fcNPRSs. 98 99J*
DoUnteedS*' — 101 Sl'RKAriaas — 94
Mkt-stCble6sllB 119% SPKRCaI6s. — 110%
Doßyoou3s_ 1028/4,1031/4 SPRRCaI 6s. — 100
NatVln6sl«C 96 — iSPBrRCaIB* — 99
NevCNgli'/s. 96 — SVWater6s.. 116M>1171,4
NPCKR6S.IOO — KVWater*s.. 97V* 97»,i,
NRy Cal 6V 99^101 StktnG<ftEBs — ' 100
NHy Cal ss. — 100 SunstTJtTßs. — —
OakUas 55.. 100 — Sutter-stßas. 107»A —
Do2d la 65..10H/4103 YlsniiaWCOL* — —
ti—uibiu «m.118%119Vs
VAT UK STOCKS
Contra Costa 30 40 I San Jose.. _ _
MarinCo.... 60 - ISprngVaUey 97% 97V4
r AS STOCKS.
Capital.....,, 17% SO | Pacific Ll*h* — 49%
Central™ 95 — San Francaco 93% 83Vi
Ua~liL.&H 61% 52W Stockton..... - 20
Pac ti&iLuiii. 833 /4 85 ,
- INsI'KA.NCR STOCK*.
Fireman's FA 165 — |8nn..... 25 BO
comkkbcial BANK STO^ICT.
AmerBATU. — — 1<0nd0nP&A.134%126%
i A nglo-Ca1. . . . 60 67 J-ondon<43». — 27J^
I Bank of Cal.. 225 233 Merch Ex... 13 —
Cal 8 D«fcTColo7%llo Nevada...... — —
flxstl«aiiouL —-. ISO SaiherßCo. -» :"•'
(AVINHI BAKE STOCKS.
RerBATjCo. — 1260 Sav<fc Loan.. -_ 100
Humbh&L.iloo — Security 200 270
Mutual. — 40 Uulou'rnui.7s(J —
tiaav Union — 480
BTBKBT BAItBOAB^TOn^.
California.... 106 106 Oalc «t,inaof — 100
Cieary-st. — 80 Presidio 6 —
Murket-ttU... 42% 42%;Sntter-ss — - —
t lOWilhK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant Con.... 18% —
Eastern D.... 70 — |Judsonl>.. M — —
CaUiornuu... — 75 ■ iVlgorit. :.:... — 80c
WIKCEI-LAXKrutS STOCK*.
ATBiica Fkra. 96 , 97% Nat Vln Co.. — _
BlkDCoaiCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — SO
Cot Mills — — PacAttxPA. I —
Kdisou Light 118%119% PacßoraxUa Sit 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
(ier Co. 80 100 Part PaintCO 6% 71,4
HawC&SCo- •', 13% 14 PacTr«usCo. — 2*
nutchSPCo 19V* 19% Pac T<tT Co. 70 —
MerEzAssn. iCa 110 Sunset X<fcT. 41 —
HKlecUsnt. — 4% United C Co. — 25
SALES— MORNING SESSION.
Board—
10 Market-st Hallway 42 25
10 SFUaslleht 02 75
40 do do ....;. 93 00
-' HAI.K3— ArTKaSOOX BBSSIOXp
Board— •'-.-: •
M) Alaska Packers' Association.. 96 75
25 do do 96 25
60 do do - v..— ■ 96 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial. 13 62%
150 Hmchinson P Co. .........^ 19 50
6 F Gaslight 92 12%
20 b V Water... ...1 97 12%
20 do do 97 25
t-treet— '
19 Edison Light A Power C 0...... 118 75
$9000 Market-Bt Xv Con tX Bond* 108 00 :
f 17.000 Omnibus Cable Bonds ••»; 119 00
• 95SFGaslicni : 93 00 '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Edmund W. Gog Sin (by Joseph E. Blen, com
mbsionet) to T. B. Valentine, lot on \V line of
Van >esB avenue, 82:81/4 S of Jackson street, S
25 by W 100; $12,000.
Thomas T. and busie E. Pottlnger to Lott D.
Norton, lot on.NAY corner of Beulah and Cole
streets, » 25 by W 100; $10.
Arthur P., Charles S. and Carrie Booth to Cali
fornia Real Estate Investment Company, lot on
E line of Guerrero street, 150 Nof Hfteenth, N
25, X 110.118/ a, SW 25:2%, W 107:5%, subject
to two mortgages: $6000.
Vie or and Leo McCarthy (by Bridget McCarthy,
guardian) to Katherlue A. Rivers, undivided two
tifleembs of same (three pisces), as in order con
firming sale; $2601. •
Bartholomew and Margaret Kenefick to Fred
erick K. Webster, lot on W line of San Carlos ave
nu« (Jessie), 136 M of Eighteenth street, N 26 by
W 80: $10k *
Bridget M. McCarthy to Katherine A. Rivers,
lot on N line of Fourteenth street, 125 Kof JSoe,
E 37, H 130, W 62, »25, E 25, S 105; »10.
Ralph W. Briggs to Frank T. Meagher, lot on
W line of Mission street, 1C0 :9% S of Twenty
third, S 100 by W 260: $100. ■ . - - ' ■
Mary Ann Cassldy to Charles Magglni, lot on W
line of Powell street, 77:6 S of Washington, S 20
by W 60: $30. ■•■•-....
IJoyd and Susan G. Tevls to Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society, lot on f-W corner of Washing
ton and Taylor streets, S 137:6 by W 137 -6 ouit
claim deed; $10. •/."'■■?.•'
1). M and Pauline Delmas to same, same' $10.
Dorothea Van Bergen, wife of Carl, to California
Wine Association, lot on NE line of Third street.
125 NW of Townsend, W 120 by NE 100; $10.
rt ; Solomon apd Dora Uetz to Clara E. Hauh, lot
on W line Forty-second avenue, 276 S of T street
S 25 oy \V 12d; $10.
Thomas Jones to William U. Schumacher, lot
on W line of ■ College street, 100 Sof Woolsey. W
120 by S 100, lot 2, block 63, University Home
stead Association; $10.
Phllipp Deutschmann to Henry Mayer, lot 9,
block 8, Syndicates First Addition; $10. '
P. and Theodore P. Haynes (by R. I. Wheelan,
Sheriff) to J. S. Reid, lot on NW corner of Mont
" Eliza M San born to .Mattfe and ; Anna Eade, lot
I beginning 125 W of California avenue and 70 N of
Motnezuma street. W 25, N 115, E to Intersection
of \V line of lot 36. Gift Map 3, S 107 lot 34, Gift
Map 3; $2600. <
D. E. and Alice H. McDonald to William J.
Smith, lots 822, 824, 1625 and 1626, Gift Map 3;
926. •'■ j - aa Tßfsy^ > f''^M'W||)intljn^fjTi*ißj|iilJ>*WLlL
M. L. Ross (widow) to A, F. Morris, lots 371 to
376, same; $10. ' . ,
Elizabeth W. ! Raulett to Thomas R. Dunn, lot
25, block 26. Lake view; $10.
'- Thomas •R. Dunn to K. H. and F. Bode, same
$10. V
; AI.AVEDA COUNTY.
Wlckllfle and KDse E. Matthews to California
Real ' Estate . Investment ! Company (corporation),"
lot on \v line of Madison street. 50 S of Eighth, 6
25 by W 5 00, Oakland ; also lot on W line of Madi
son street, 75 8 of Eighth, 8 25 ■ by W 100. Oak
land; : also lot on W line of Magnolia street, 100 S
of .Twelfth, S -27:41,4 by \V 133:3, Oakland; also
lot on SW corner of Union and 1 hirllelU streets, a
60 by W ' 115, ail subject to mortgage, Oakland;
$14,000.
Philip E. Kilfv to Mary T. Hennlngs, lot 4,
block 48, Oakland; $10.
hdwin C. and Christina Barclay to David B.
Hunter, lot on SB corner cf -Delaware and Hamil
ton streets, X 110 by B 50, being portion of lots U,
V and W in Ranire 8, llur.iy Tract (subject to a
mortgage for $U00), Berkeley: $10. ; -
jt L. F. more .10 A. C Berthier, undivided half
of lot 15, map of EimUursi Park, Brooklyn Town
ship;.slo. • .
« Jacob, illrschier to Louis Illrschler. lot on«w
corner of t nclnal avenue and Post street."
by s 85 (subject to deed of trust for $750), A.;»
meda: $1500. ' ' _/,i
- Bernard Dowd to Bridget Dowd, lot on SW line
of Third street, 102 E of Adeline, B 25 by s 94,
being lot 27, block 444, Map of : Adeline and Mar
ket Street HouiesteaiJ. Oakland: also lot on w line
of Adeline s reet, 10ii:6:sof Third, 8 60 by W
128:», being lots 32 and 33. block 445; also per
sonal property, Oakland; gift. ; . . ,_
.. K. T. Taylor', to Cosmopolitan Mutual Building
and Loan Association, lot on E line of Twen
ty-third avenue, 150 NE of Fourteenth street, N
26 by E 150. quitclaim deed, hast Oakland: flO.
alary shea to Abbie C. Howe, lot on N E line of
Fifteenth stree;, 87:6 NWol Nineteenth avenue,
NW .il :H b, NE 140, being the N W half of lot 8,
block 27, >an Antonio, Eait i aKl.tnd; gift.
Lewis B. Chandler to Theodore U ier, same, be
ing nortion of Castro portion of Rancho San Lo
renzo, Eden Township; $5. •
i--lij;ab<;:h T. Wiiiteito Annie l'.iordan (wife of
Denni-), lot on N line of Webster avenue, 100 E
from \\ lin»> of Claremont Tract, X 60, IS 141.25,
W 00, S 141.15 to beginning, being lot 36, block
E, Claremont Tract, subject to deed of trust,
Berkeley; $380.
11. 1., and Jennie Norton to George HofTschnei
<ler, lot on SW corner of Blair and Vernal avevues.
W j35 by S 100, being lo:s 1 and 2, block A, Hun
toou Tract, Piedmont, subject 10 a mortgage for
flidO, Oak.and Township: $10.
John L. and Helen L. Howard to Lena M.
Nicholson, lots 29. 29Vi. 30 and 30Vfc. Amended
Map Mosswood Traci, Oakland Township; flO.
Edwari E. (a attorney) and Susan A. Potter
(by attorney), to Lawrence Kehoe, lot 89, Potter
Tract, Berkeley ; $10.
— . • — • *
The 3leludy of Tennyson.
I have seen it stated that Tennyson
himself considered his best single line to
be: ;......,.'. '■ ;..
The mellow ouzel fluted in the elm. ■-'.'.
"Gardener's Daughter."
nearly all l's.
The league-long roller thundering on the reef.
"Enoch Arden."
A splendid line, worthy of Virgil or Mil
ton. In this instance, however, "r" con
tributes as much as "I" to the power and
beauty of the Hue.
Then the three lines, of which Mrs.
Yardley quotes two, in "The Princess" :
, Myriads of rivulets hurrying thro' the i*wn,
The moan of doves in Immemorial elms.
And murmuring of innumerable bees.
Charles Kingsley praises these three lines
highly, as he well may. — and Que
ries.
•■■■ ./■ -• " si: •—» — »
Ot an Inquisitive Disposition.
"Now." said the prudent man, "you
have drawn up my will to the best of your
ability?"
"Yea, sir," replied the lawyer. "I've
done it just as carefully as I knew how."
"And it's properly signed and witnessed
and all that?"
"Everythine is quite regular."
"Well there is just one more thing I
wish you'd do for me. It's largely a mat
ter of curiosity."
"What is it?"
"I wish you'd tell me who, in your
opinion, is most likely to get the money
when the lawsuit is over. — Washington
Star.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
SumiMßM, 1898.
In.
Mo.
7
Tu.
1
8
W.
2
9
iTh.
3
10
Fr.
4
11
Sa. - Moon's Phases
5 A New Moon .
S2? Sept. 7. 1
12
3 Firs". Quart e:
Vi/ Sept. 13.
1
11
14
15
16
17
18
19 fS>k Full Moon.
V£/ Sept. 21.
2K ~~^~~~~~ ~~**
ifSLaat Quarter.
— - Sept. 29.
.
21
22
23
24
25
27
28
29
SO
OCEAN STEAMERS
;ei o:
«par
ure
rom
an
'ranclsoo.
STKAMER i DESTtXATFON*. |
SAILS.
| PIKR.
Weeoci tel Kivar
Eureka i<ewport
lrucicee .... Coos 8ay......
Kruno Coos Bay.
Colombia.. . Portland ......
)rizaou Mexico
Karallon Vaqulna Bay.
Pomona Humboldtßay
santa Bosa. San Diego . .
L'ruatllla.. . . Vie & Pgt Snd
Ulty Sydney Panama.
Joos 8ay.. .. Newport......
Corona San JJle^o
State otCal. Portland
Doric China <fc Japan
Dlty Puebla)Vic<fc Pet Snd
■>epti:4. sph Pier IS
Sepi24. fin Pier 1 1
Sepi'26, 2pji Pier 8
bept2».loAH Her 13
Sept2&,lUAii Pler2ii
Sept2s,loAM Pier 11
Sept-25. 9au rfer 1
Sept"J6, 'iru Pier 9
Sept26.llAM Fieri I
Sept 9am Pier 9
Sept2B,]2 M PJIb
siepi2& 9am Pier 11
SeptSO.llAfa Pierll
»eptBO.IUAM Pier 2*
-ept3o, Spm P M. 8
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STRAKEB
I
FBOM
DtTK
National City..
I'ruckee
Weeott
t'arallon
Martposa..
Santa liosa
Ara«o
Del None
Pomona
North Fore
Alcatraz
Loos Bay
City Puebla
State of Cal
Corona.
San Benlto.
Sutioi
San Bias
Aztec
Eureka.
Columbia
Humboldt
Coos 8ay..........
Eel River....... .4. .;;-...
Yaqulna 8ay.......
5ydney..........
Sau Diego _
Coos 8ay.;........:
Grays Harbor.
Humbold: 8ay. .........
Humboldl 8ay..........
Coos 8ay.........
Newport
Victoria & uget Sound
P0rt1and.........-.;......
San Diego.
Tac0ma...........
Grays Harbor...;.
Panama
Honolulu..
Newport.
I Portland
..Sept 24
..Sept 24
..Sept 34
..sept 24
. >ept 24
..Sept 24
..Sept 24
..Sept 25
..Sept 25
..Sent 26
..Sept 26
..Sept 26
..Sept 27
..Sept 27
..Sept 28
..Sept 28
..Sep.. 29
..Sept 29
..Sept --!9
..Sept 30
..Oct a
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
XT. S. Coast akt> Geodktic Sdbtit Tide 1 )
Btrn-KTiN PnßLUincs bt Official V
ACTHOKITY OF THK BDPKBINTKNDKXT, J
Thursd.iv, .September 24.
Sunrises 6.001 M00n rises 6.54pm
Sunsets ti.o3|Moon sets
September— lB96.
5 I!^ Feet Time Feet ™21 Feet Tirr^ Feet
5 H W L'.W H W : L . W
sis v.35
'24 1.21
26 2.10
-'«i 3.07
27 4.22
28 6.48
29 7.00
6.0 6U5 1.8i1i2l
4.7 6.81 V.2 12.40
4.5 6.5cS 2.7 1.02
4.1 7.24 3.8 1.-J7
3.9 7.58 3.6 1.55
3.9 8.44 3.6 2.86
3.9 9.55 3.7 3.37
6.b| 6T42 O
5.5 7.21 0.8
5.5 B.oa 0.7
5.5 8.48 0.7
5.5 9.44 0.7
5.4 10.40 0.6
5.3 11.42 0.6
Not*— In the aoove exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and tne last or right
band column Rives the last tide of Che day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on th« United States Coanc Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractiv*
from the deDth e'.ven by ihe charm-
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbakch Hydbographic Offiw. V. B. N., ■»
Mkbchasts' Eichasob >-
San Fkancisco. SeDtember 23. 1896. )
The time ball on TelegraDh Hill was aroppel
eiactly at noon 10-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. M..' Greenwich time.
j. T. McMillan*,
Assistant, in oharue.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY. September 23.
Stmr Cleone, Johnson, 18 hours from Hardy
Creek; 275 co. as bark, to Bender Bros. I'd river
bimr Geo Loomls, Brldeett, 33 hours from Ven
tura: 6391 bblKOil, to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen, 4 days
from Nanaimo; 4i»03 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's
Sons. , , „
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson. 10 hours from
Moss Landing: produce, to Goodall, Perkina & Co.
Haw ship Roderick Dhu. Hock, 32 days from
Hilo: pass and sugar, to J D Spn-cKels <fc Bros Co.
Br ship Belsord. McKlnnon, 198 days from Hull,
via Newcastle. Eng, 165 days, mdse, to Girvin A
Br ship Bermuda, Kohn, 10 days from Nanaimo ;
4040 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Ship John C Potter. Meyer, 1 3 days from De
parture Bay: 2000 tons coal, to Geo Fritcu.
Ital ship Cavallere Ciampa. Cafiero, 68 days frm
Sydney: 2463 tons coal, »3 toua ore. to J J Moore
& Co.
Bi ship Armlda, Craig, 37 days from San Diego;
ballas:, 10 master.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 29 days from
Honolulu; past and suear. to Welch & Co.
Bchi Maxim, Olsen, 96 hours from Caspar
-157 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, 19 hours from Fish
Rock; 130 eds bark, to J S Kimba L
Schr Mayflower, Ostlin, 9 days from Siuslaw
Blver; 1-5 M ft lumber, to Heyman * Mayer.
Schr Webfoot, _ Donnelly, 6 days from Colum
bia River: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Marion, Genereaux, 12 days from Port
Blaneley: 340 M ft lumber, to Renton, Holmes &
Co.
SchrC H Merchant. Brannan, 14 days from Ev
erett: 370 M it lumber, to T .1 Golden.
Schr Compeer, Sorenson, 68 days from Punta
Arenas: 1484 c. dar logs. 10 Dieckman <fe Co.
Schr Rio Rev, Ackerman. 6 days trom bhelter
Cove: IKOcds bark, to Beaale <t Co.
Schr Glen, Jorgensen. 9 days from Columhla
River; 200 >1 ft lumber, to faumboidt Lumber Co.
schr North Bend. Wai. ace. 7 days from Shoal
water Bay; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Arthur I, Krog, 8 days trom Nehaiem
River: 1&0 Mft lumber, to S H Harmon Lum
ber Co.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. September 23.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland ;SPB
8 Co.
stmr Eureka. Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
lir shin Wasdale, Fisher, London: Balfoirr, Guth
rio <fc Co.
Br ship Loch Llnnhe, Cummlng, Queenstown;
Glrvln & Eyre.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, September 23.
Stmr Signal, Bendezird. Portland.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs, Seattle.
Nor stmr Aegi, Hauebo:g, Bristol.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, Tacoma.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, Seattle.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen.
Stmr Alice Blanchaxd. Dunham, Portland.
Br ship Formosa, onrloft Queenstown.
Br ship star of France. Ulyau, Queenstown.
1 Br ship Hel^nsbure. Jefferson, Ipswich.
Schr S Danlt-lson. Vogel. Shelter Cove.
schr .Mary V. Campiieu. Bodega.
Schr Peerless, Johnson, Tacoma.
Schr Newark. Beck.
Schr Moro. Jorgenson, Coqullle River.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. SeDt. 83—10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 16 miles.
Charters.
The following vessels have been chartered for
wheat, prior 10 arrival: Br ship Dimsdale, Eu
rope, 30s: Ital bark Kseraplare, Europe 28s 9d,
Sydney 22s 6d, Cape Town ss: Br Royal
Forth, Europe. 27s tid; Br ship Valkyrie, Europe,
27s 6d.
The Br ship East Croit Is on the berth for Lon
don.
The Br ship Wavertree is chartered for wheat to
Europe, R is 3d net.
Spoken.
Per Haw bark Andrew Welch— Lat 35 39 N\
long 148 50 W, was in company with ;he bark
Alden Besse, from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
Memorandum.
Per Ital ship C&vallere Clama— Sept 14-Lat 42
N, long 151 W, saw the Br ship Bothwell bound
from Sydney, for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed Sept 23— Schr Lena
Sweasey, for San Diego.
Sailed Sept 19— Ital bark Cavour, for Callao;
Haw barn Mauna Ala, for Sydney.
ALBION— Arrived hept 23— stmr Sco-la, hence
Sept 'J2.
COOS BAY-3ailed Sept 23-Schr H C Wright,
for Eureka.
Arrived Sept 23— Schr Gotama. hence Sept 9.
ASToRIa— Arrived sept 23— Bark Aureola, hoa
Aug 27.
MEN DOClNO— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived sept 23— Stmr San Benito,
hence Sept 20.
CASPAR— Arrived Sept 23 Stmr Caspar, from
Caspar stmr Tillamook.
USA L— Arrived Bept 23— Stmr Albion, henc«
Sept 22.
Sailed Sept 23— S'mr Protection.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Sept 22-Shlp El
well, hence Aug 27.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 23— «chr Jennie Wand
hence Sept 13; stmr Pomona, hence Sept 22.
Sailed sept 23-mw National City, for San
Francisco: stmr Arcata, for Portland
PORT GAMBLE -Arrive,! -, e pt 28— Schr Re
porter, from Pori Los Angeles.
WEsTPoRT— Sailed Sept 23-Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept IS— Stmr Albion, hence Sept 22.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Sept 23-Stmr Ureen
wood and schr Monterey, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Sept 2b— Bktn Eureka, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Sept 23— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
NOYO— Arrived Sept 23— Ger bark Rohilla, hce
Sept XS, in tow of tug Vigilant.
Eastern Port*.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 22— Ship Henry Vll
lard, for Oregon.
Foreign Porta.
RIO DE JANEIRO— SaiIed Aug 25-Br ship
Garnet lA III , for Tacoma.
HONGKONG— SaiIea Sept 22— stmr Peru, for
San Kraucisco.
SHIELDS-Halled Sept 22-Ital bark Casabona,
for -an Francisco.
YOKOH A MA- Arrived Sept 22-Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence Aog 3; Br snip Hutton Hall
for Oregon.
sailed Sept 23— Br stmr Belgic, for San Fran
cisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Sept 22— Schr Lyman D
Foster, for Port Townsend.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 23— Stmr South
wark, from Antwerp.
sai.ed sept 2S— -•stinr St Louis, for Southampton
stmr Majestic, for Liverpool ; stmr Westernlana.
for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrived out sept 23-Stmr
Trave, and proceeded to Bremen : stmr Paris.
Sailed >ept 23— stmr Havel, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Sept 23— Stmr
Veend&m.
LlZARD— Passed Sept 23— Stmr Aachen, from
New York, for Bremen.
ISLK OF W IGHT— Passed Sept 23— Stmr
Mobile, from New Yortc, f >r London.
TELEPHONE MAIN 871.
MAX BROOKS & GO.,
BROKERS, 329 #£1 T
CHICAGO GRAIN AND PROVISIONS.
NEW YORK STOCKS and BONDS.
CONTINUOUS QUOTATIONS OVER OUR
\J OWN PRIVATE WIRE.
Grain— looo Bushels I Railway Stocks—
and upward. | 10 shares and upward.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g\ DAYS Te
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, |B by
. , ; AUSTRALIA. iU  . f VrS.S. AUSTRALIA.
1 8. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, October
15. at 2 p. m.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. October 20, ai 10 a.m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Auat., and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. ■
J. D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /Wa
Broadway wkarf, San Francisco, &a.C2a£sx2
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kil.
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 A. m., Sept. 11, 38.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wratcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.), 9a. k,
Kept. 1, 6, 11, 18. 21, 26, and every fifth day there
; after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with Q.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18, 22, i! 6, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucom,
I Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
! Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
j Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
I Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
! feles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. x. Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
I fourth day thereafter.
For Kuser.nda, San Jose del Cabo. Masatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer ■ Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
atreet.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen 1 ! Agentt,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
____ - . . ■• - !'■■■•■
PORTLAN 13
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. . x.
FA PI?/ •* 2 First-class V Including
£ -tt.XVJCj\jsa Second-class /berth 4 meal*
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
j Columbia ...Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 6, 15
State of California.... Sept. 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
; Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appicj-
lion to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <k CO.. Superintendents
I COMPAGSIEGESERALTRASSATLASTIQOB
• French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH >M*l_
V, lllver, font of Morton st. 1 ravelers by sBSK
' this line avoid both transit by English railway and
I the discomtort of crossing . the channel in a small
' boat. New York 10 Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris,
I first-cless $16J; second-class. $116.
j LA BRETAGNE...... ....Oct. 3.7 a.m.
I LA CHAMPAGNE. .Oct. 10. 3 a U.
I LA TOURAINE. Oct. 17. 6 a. m.
LA BOURHOONE ...Oct. 24,1 P. St
LA GASCOGNE ...... Oct. 31, 6 a. J€-
. jfcir For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. S, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco, ; ■ •-. . -"..■•-
-i ROYAL MAIL STEAI PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVK ASPINWALL AgflU
„_ fortnightly for the West Indies and <$nSS3m
.Southampton, ■ calling ■en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
I Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treat-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbour?,^southampton. First class, $195; third
Class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT 4 CO., Agents.
:■-'-•*? 30P California lit.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At i» V. M« Daily. I'reiKlit received up
to >:3l> P.M. t ... -
gg- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
.1 he only line m&Kln£ through rates on Valley
Road freight. .* •
STEAMERS: - ,
• T.C.Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of .Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. . Cat. Kav. and Imot. C 4
SAI FRAXCISCO TO VALLEJO
AND MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD.
STKAMKK CELLO."
Hlssion-stree Pier 2. : Telephone 261 Black.
Leaves San Francis o Dally.. ....... 10:30 a. m.
Leaves Vallejo Da11y:.........'.; 4:00 it
Sundays included. /
Gives four hours at Navy Yard. /
V- •-■,■■,--■•■ . : : HATCH BROS.
FOR SAX JOSE, -LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
QTKAMEK ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
Oat 10 a.m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
7p. m. (Saturdays ezcepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, Bare between. San Francisco and Alviso^Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
THE A. P. A. WILL
NAME A TICKET
To Be Selected From the
Nominees on the Other
Tickets.
ORATOBS FOR SATURDAY
Very Complete P!an Outlined
for Carrying on the Work
in the County.
WOKK OF THE SUFFRAGISTS.
Miss Anthony Leaves Oakland to
Open Up tbe Campaign in
Sacramento.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 23. )
It was announced to-day that the Amer
ican Protective Association will have a
JAMES W. CLARK of Niles, the Republican Nominee for
Assemblyman From the Eastern End of the County.
ticket to be voted for at the coming elec
tion. An officer of the order said to-day:
"The several political parties oi Alameda
County having made their nominations,
under the plan of procedure adopted by
the American Protective Association, a
county convention of the members of the
order will be called to agree upon a ticket
to be supported by the A. P. A. in the
coming ele.-tion.
"Under these rules this convention will
be called on the basis of one delegate to
each twenty-five members and one for
each council. The order having eighteen
councils in Alameda County and a mem
bership Of some 3000 will give the conven
tion about 150 delegates. Candidates for
office and members of the advisory board
are not eligible to membership in the con
vention. vVith this larae membership,
which will vote the ticket selected by the
convention, the order expects to hold the
balance of power."
Very complete arrangements aro being
made for tue Republican meetine to be
held at the Tabernacle next Saturday
night. George A. Knight and D. K. Mo .
Kinlay will be the principal speakers, and ;
if possible a prominent suffrage speaker
will also make an address.
The most interesting point at present is }
that for control of the County Commit.cc.
There are thirteen members of the com
mittee, and the best guess at this time is j
that they stand six to six.
Joseph Johnston, the Supervisor from
the Fourth District, is of the opinion that
he, Church, Mautalen, Fletter, Striker,
Morrison and Riley will without doubt
stand toeether. and th« same is true of
Breed, Palnrer. J. W. Evans, Robinson
and Hawes. This leaves Archibald and
Neal in doubt, and the doubt will proba
bly exist till a vote on chairman is taken
next Saturday.
Miss Bu an B. Anthony left Oakland this
inorn'ng to open up the campaign in Sac
ramento, where very little suffrage work
has yet been done. In this ciiy the "par
lor meetings" are being pushed and much
active work is being done by raffragi ts.
The lauit-s are now considering whether it
would be more advi.--.able during the ensu
ing f-ix weeks of the campaign to attempt
to obtain some lime for speaking at the
party political meetings or loconfine theni
selv a to purely suffragist meetings.
Bey. E'iza T. Wiikes bu stated that she
th<>u. bt it was better thai the- ladies
should accept even the smallest allowance
of time at the party meetings, because by
bo doing they wouid secure a hearine be
fore voters whom they would not reach in
their own meetings. It is probable that
this cour^ will he adoptea.
Major E. W. Woodward and Colonel J.
P. MiElroy have just returned from Sac
rament", where they wont to organize a
P^epubluan Army and Nary League. They
Matted with hfty-six memoer>. The Oak
land Camp started with. eighteen members
and now has over 400 mem bers.
WAX* - tit ■ Ci lON.
Mrrchant- to Appeal to the legislature
and Council.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 23.-The Mer
chants' Exchange will make an effort to
have the Legislature pass a law this winter
whereb an employe may be prosecuted
for an aggregate embezzlement of $50 or
over covering a period of several days and
constituting the same a ielony-embezzle-
ment Ex-Assemblyman C. G. Dodee will
frame the bill and some of the local mem
bers wiil father it.
The exchange will also prepare and sub
mit to the City Council an ordinance
licensing drummers and solicitors who
come to this city to do business.
LAST HOPE GONE.
Rejoicing Over the Settlement of
the Board of Public Works
Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 23.— The deci
sion of 'he Supreme Uourt, as published
to-day, affirming the decision of the lower
court in upholding the constitutionality
of the ciarter amendments, adopted eigh
teen months ago, whereby the old Board
of PuMic Works appointed by the Mayor
to serve four years were abolished and
the selection made by the votes of the
people was received with general satis
faction.
Pearson "Sovr Free.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 23.-The an
nouncement that Thomas Pearson, the
eloquent colored orator, had filed his
petition of nomination as an independent
candidate for the Assembly from the
Forty-ei?hth District, had not been made
public many hours before he was removed
as keeper of Lrfayette square in this City
by the Board of Works.
• — • — •
REPUBLICANS ORGANIZE.
They Will Divide Up Their Work— Mr.
Clarke Ia Popular.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept 23.— A plan is
being formulated to district the county
for campaign purposes, and to place an
efficient worker in each district. It is
stated that tnis will be done under the
direction of the County Republican Cen
tral Committee, and that each organi
zer will be in a measure held responsible
for the outcome of his particular locality.
James W. Clark of Niles is one of tbe
most popular men In Alameda County,
and his election to tbe Assembly is con
sidered certain.
WOULD M A RRY A CHILD
Mrs. Furtado Appeals to th<
Courts to Gain Control of
Her Girl.
A Wealthy Rancher, Well-Advancei
in Years, Desires to Wed a
Child of 14
Oakland Office San Fbakcisco Call, )
9CW Broadway. Sept. 23. f
Mjs. J. Furtadp, by her attorney, Ben if.
Woolner, filed an application this after
i noon for a writ o; habeas corpus, to com
pel the Azeredas family, at Twenty-third
avenue, to produce her child, a girl of 14
j yenrs of age.
Behind this application is a love story of
a romantic nature. The girl's mother
re ides in San Francisco, and the child has
been boarding with her brother at the
home of the Azeredases. It was while here
that Manuel Fur: ado, a man nearly 50
years of age, first met the pretty, dark
eyeii coquettish maiden. The casual
acquaintance soon ripened into something
more than mere friendship.
While the family n:ime is the same
there is no relationship between the two.
Tbe Romeo of the affair is a well-to-do
ranch-ir well advanced in age, but be de
clares nis lovp for .he child is ardent and
deep despite the discrepancy in ages. The
mother, however, objected when she
found how matters stood and refused her
consent to such a maniage and notified
the County Clerk not to issue any licenses
for the event.
All attempts to induce the girl to go
with her mother were futile and tha
mother now applies to the court to get
control of her, charging the Azeredas
fanvilv with <onceaiine ;he cbiid until
arrangements can be made io get her and
her lover to sea. wht-re there would be no
bar t-> a marriage. She declares that Fur
tado lu.s spent money lavishly to induce
the Azeredas to hold ihe nirl for him.
■ Company F'« Benefit
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 23.— Company
F, N. o. (  areg ving benefit p- rformames
at the O kiand Theater every night ibis
week except Saiur.ay and Sunday. Many
members of the company appear in "The
Commodore" and the piece is proving a
great success.
L'mimely Correction.
••Now, Miss Ticklowell," began the
youth, "I propose — "
"I beg pardon, Mr. Fields-James," in
terrupted the Boston maiden, •but do you
not mean you "purpos*- 1 ? Periiaps, bow
ever," she a'lded hastily and in some con
fusion, "I did not anticipate exactly what
you were about to say. Pray proceed."— -
Chicago Tribune.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
LIFE SAVED BY
A RUBBER BAND
The Remarkable Escape of
an Electric Railroad
Motorman.
MELTED A GOLD CHAIN
His Watchguard Came in Con
tact With an Open Controller
on His Car.
RECEIVED THE FULL VOLTAGE.
The Current Burned His Coat and
Vest but Stopp d When It Met
the Rubber.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 23.—Motor
man E. V. Marx of the Alameda, Oakland
ana Piedmont electric line has been receiv
ing congratulations all day on his narrow j
escape from instant death yesterday. He
received the full voltage of the electric
current and lived to tell of it.
It was during the rain of yesterday
morning that the accident happened. !
The car, being thoroughly wet, acted as a
first-class conductor, and when a watch
chain came in contact with an open con
troller-box it completed a circuit which
came near killing Mr. Marx. The car
•was on Santa Clara avenue, near Webster
street, at the time of the accident, and as
a result he is wearing a new coat and vest
to-day.
Marx made the following report of the
accident to the officials of the line. He
said : "I had burned out one of my motors,
and opened the controller box to fit a new
one. After working at it I left the box
open ana ran the car along. When 1 had
an opportunity I leaned over to see how
everything was going. All of a sudden
there was a blindine flash and I was
thrown violently back against the front
door of the car. I was the most surprised
man imaginable; but on fathering myself
together I found that I was not injured,
but my watch-chain was melted into a
shapeless mass and my coat was burned
badly on the side where my watch 7?as.
"I was surprised to find my watch was
not ruined, but I bave decided that it was
saved by a mere chance. Some tince ago
1 broke my chain and fastened my watch
on by a rubber band. That was a non
conductor and stopped the current."
Many reports have been made of men
who received electric shocks during rain
storms, but this is tbe most serious case
yet reported.
WILL STUDY THE BRAIN,
New Psychological Laboratory
for the State Univer
sity.
Dr. Stratton Will Toke Charge-Fifty
Students Already En
rolled.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 23.— The estab
lishment of the new psychological labora
tory at the State University, for which ar
rangements are now being made, wiil
mark an era in tbe history of the depart
ment of philosophy at Berkeley.
The Board of Regents have set aside
about $1200 which will be used in the con
struction of a special laboratory for the
use of the department.
Dr. George M. Stration will take charge
of the work.
About fifty students have already regis
tered for courses in the department, but
as yet little practical work has been
accomplished because of lack of room and
the unfavorable condition of the building
in which the apparatus is stored.
Dr. Stratton, in speaking to-day of the
new line of work to be inaugurated at
Berkeley, said:
"The psychological laboratory will
serve var.oas purposes. By means of it
the nature of experimental psychology
can be brought before students with a
deriniteness and force that can never be
attained merely by reading or by listen
in.- to lectures.. Another work will be
that of investigating in various fields
which have hitherto never been subjected
to experiment.
"The nature of the experiments in
psychology requires that the laboratory
be in some quiet, isolated spot, and that a
| number of rooms be at the disposal of the
investigators. The person experimented
DR. GEORGE M. STRATTON, Who Will Take Charge of the New
Psychological Laboratory at the State University.
upon must, as far as possible, be protected
from outer disturbances.
"He i* generally placed in a room sound
proof and absolutely dark and communi
cates solely by means of an electric key
with the- person conducting the experi-
m ent. Then there must be room for elec-
I trie batteries and for chemicals, a separate
! room where the delicate instruments are
kept, and a room from which prisms,
lense-* or reflectors can carry any desired
ray of liirht to a screen before the eye of
the subject in the dark room. For the
teaching work of a laboratory a large
demonstration! room is also essential.
"The apparatus is tor the most part espe
cially designed for psychological experi
rnenrs. One peneral class of instruments
pres-nts with great nicety different ob
jects either to the eye or to the ear or to
one of the other senses.
"A second class of instruments is not for
producinc changes, but for recording
them. We have in this group instruments
for Doting lapses of time as short as a
thousandth of a second, or for recording
the slightest variations in the volume or
position of a given portion of the body,
all of which are valuable aids in psycho
logical investigation."
Special Tax Levied.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Sept. 23. — The
Board of County Supervisors has levied
the special school tax as provided for by
the election recently held in Berkeley, for
the purpose of securing new school build
ings, as follows:
High school district — Berkeley 34 cents;
Union No. I, l6 cents; Union No. 2, 10 cents;
Union No. 3, 15 cents.
Bay school district — 17 cents, one bond to be
redeemed; Elmhurst 50 cents, three bonds to
be redeemed ; Frultvale 14 cents, two bonds to
be redeemed; Lorin 21 cents, three bonds to
be redeemed; Newark 14 cents, one bond to
be redeemed; Nlles 15 cents, seven bonds to
be redeemed ; Piedmont 22 cents, two bonds
to be redeemed; PU-asanton 22 cents, two
boods to be redeemed; Union 24 cents, one
bond to be redeemed; Valley Vlsia 18 cents,
one bond to be redeemed; Warm Springs 12
cents, six bonds to be redeemed.
1 "ouzo Acquitted.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 23.— The case
of Fred Fonzo, charged with having re
ceived a bribe oi $60 from Mrs. Fritche
while he was acting as a Deputy Marshal,
I after her eviction from the house of J. P.
! Dameron, was tried to-day before Justice
j Lord. The accused was discharged, no
direct evidence of bribery being brought
forward.
Brief Nevi Itetna.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 23.— A suffrage cam
paign meeting will be held next FriJay after
noon at the residence of Mrs. Dr. Payne.
Berkeley's free silverltes met this evening in
Pythian Hall and were addressed by General
Tneodore Wagner.
Duncan Led. the Line.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 23.— Kenneth
Duncan, who at one time was the center
of much notoriety in San Francisco when
he was pastor of the Howard Pres
byterian Church, led the Volunteer march
to-night. Duncan's escapade resulted in
his leaving thechurch, and a second affair
at Portland, Or., sent him into oblivion.
He has now adoptel the Volunteer creed,
and presided at to-night's meeting of the
younger Booth's Salvation Army.
HISTORY OF A WAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief haptern.
Oakland Office San Francisco Caia, j
908 Broadway, Sevt. 23. (
The Rev. A. P. Graves, D.D, who has been
holding evangelistic services at Uolaen Gate
since Sundtiy, has awakened considerable in
terest among young and old.
D. M. Conner and R. E. Hewitt, attorneys
for C. R Bennett, have given notice of an ap
peal from the judgment of conviction in the
ca^e in uhlch lie was charged with assault to
murder George Gray. Judge Ogden has signed
a decree of probable cause.
The People's party County Central Commit
tee have organized by selecting N.J. Manson
chairman, A. Bretz vice-chairman, F. T. Halo
secretary. George Kenson assistant secretary,
P. B. Preble treasurer, and A. Krueger sergeant
at-arms.
The two-mil« rond race of the Y. M. C. A.
Wheelmen, which was to have been run last
week, but had to be postponed on account of
the rain, wiil tuke place on Saturday evening
of this week, startiug about half a mile be
yond High street, on the San Leandro road, at
5:15 o'clock.
Mrs. Sarah Barber has petitioned for the
probate of the will of A. 8. Barber of Alameda,
who left an estate worth about $20,000 to bis
widow and children.
The Swiss-Italian Republican Club of Temes
ral will be addressed to-morrow evening by
Mifs Mollie Conners and A 11. Elliott. There
Will Lejgood singing, and voters are requested
to brint their wives, sisters and sweethearts.
The funerals of Dr. E. H. Pardee and Nelson
W. Winton win be held to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock, the former at the Masonic Temple
and the latter at the First Presbyterian
Church.
Reflections of a Bachelor.
When !-he's nice and niir-erable a woman
comes mighty near being happy.
■\V<>men oughtn't to expeot men to be
reasonable when the thermometer is at 90
degrees.
A little wire bustle on each arm is 'most
as bad as one big one where they used to
wear them.
It makes a man tired to have a girl that
he used to trot on his knee talk motherly
to bin after siie's had her fir-t baby.
No matter how crabbed and unloving a
man is at home, if he eoes away and writes
a nice letter to his wife she won't think
it's inconsistent.
A woman' ■ fondest and longest cher
ished delusion is that some man would go
to wrack and ruin if she weren't around
10 take care of him.— New York Press.
Keeping the Kocorcl Good.
"Why. 1 * a*ked the casual observer, "did
yon shoot that t nd»rfoot?"
"Because," replied the chairman of the
Civic Federation, always ciad to supply
reasonable information, "hp would othrr
wi-e have Hied of consumption, and we are
trvins to have our to^vn recognii d as a
health rtsort, you know."— Detroit Tri-
Jtmne.
HILL'S SALARY
ALONE IS SAFE
The Veteran Ex- Fire Chief
Still Guards the City
Hall.
HE RAN WITH SCANNELL
Both Hatfed on the Old "White
Ghost" Engine in New
York.
SIXTY YEARS A FIREMAN.
Has Twice Saved the Old City Hall
Where He Has Bsen Watchman
Seventeen Years.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call, )
90S Broadway, Sept. 23. f
The Finance Committee Bpent several
hours to-night wrestling with the pro
posed reduction of salaries of tbe deputies
in the city offices. There was only one
JAMES HILL, Night "Watchman of the Gty Hall, "Who Is
Considered to Be Worth His Salary.
salary that they did di?cuss. It was that
of old James Hill, the nightwatchiran of
the City Hall.
James Hill is probably the oldest ex-
Chief of a fire department in the
countyr. Sixty years ago Hill and Chief
Scannell were both connected with the
New York Volunteer Fire Depart
ment. Hill was a member of the
hand-engine company, wtiich hauled
the engine known to this day as
the "White Ghost," In 1343 Hill came
west to Cleveland, Ohio., and at onco
joined the volunteer fire department and
served until 1852, when he was appointed
fire warden. Two years later a paid de
partment was organizud and Mr. Hill was
made chief.
When the war broke out Hill joined a
"thirty-day" company and served in tho
Cleveland Grays under Captain Paddock.
Some time later he enlisted with the First
Ohio Volunteers under General Cook and
served with him for three years and took
part in the fi ht at Bull Run.
In 1864 Hill returned to Cleveland and
was at once reapp»inted Fi:e Chief. He
built up the det>arira rit rapidly and in
1875, owing to a political deal, he was re
moved and at once came to this coast. He j
Sfttled in Oakland and in a short time
he was appointed as a driver in the
Oakland department. Two years later he
wan appointed cliiei engineer and served
five years and' sevt-n months.
During ihe time Chief Hill .vas serving
as chiel here there was a reun on of the
old fire- lighters of C eveland, and a. though
he could net be with them he was not for- i
and his old fr ends sent him a solid s
silver trumpet, appropriately ngiaved.
In 1879 he was appointed niv.htw:.ti hman
at the City Hall, ana he is there yet.
"Ii I had b'-en as to my>eif as I ;
have been to others all my lite I stiould be [
a little richer to-day," said tlie old man at j
his dome, 818 Clay street. "I have helpfd |
people all my life and have occasionally j
set somebody tin in business, bat I have
m»>i with a full share of ingratitude.
However, 1 am getting old now and o it
is no ui-e talking. I saved thai old City
Hall from fire on two occasions — once
when O'li ien was clerk and another time
when Lambert wu» Police Court Clerk. I
go to the hah every nighi at 5 o'clock and
stay till 6.00 next morning. On Suuday 1
go there at 3:30, and lor the last seventeen
years the place has almost been my
home."
Hill is now 78 years of age, but he is still
an active man.
DAYLIGHT ROBBERY
Forced to Abandon the Booty After
Getting Away Owing to the
Close Pursuit.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 23— The store
of Baptista & Tuumas at Third ariii Camp
bell streets, West Oakland, was robbed of
$152 in coin this morning about 10 o'clock,
but owing to being detected while at work,
which resulted In a rapid pursuit and a
lucky find by some oi the railroad em
ployes, the money was all recovered and
returned to the owners, but the robbers
nave escaped and there is little likelihood
of their ever beinu caugnt.
The job was well planned and executed
by four men. The firm runs a saloonjin
tne rear of the store, opening on the side
street. Mr. Baptista was alone at the
time, Thomas having gone out to detiver
some goods. Two men entered the store
Auction Baiee
MAGNIFICENT OPPORTUNITY
jSL "T AUCTION!
THIS DAY.
Thursday.... September 24, 1896
At 11 o'clock a.m.. at the Residence of *
C W. MOORE, M.D.,
1400 Van Ness Aye., Cor. Bush St.,
......WE WILL 9KLL .
The Very Elegant Furniture and Library
■ • CONSISTING 0F.'...
Office Furniture, covered In leather; Bookcases.
Desk, Lounges, Parlor Carpets, Cabinets, Tables,
Turkish Chairs, Grand Pictures, One Magnificent
Steimvay it Sous' Piano, Rare Ornaments, Hand-
some Upholstery Uoods, Massive Bedroom Suits,
Double- Door Wardrobe with French Plate Mirrors,
Dining-room ' and Kitchen Goods, Carpets, Mat-
tresses, Bedding. Pillows. ' ' ■ ' - ' •
One Tool Chest, with a most Complete Outfit of
Tools; 1 Work Bench;' 1 Shooting Outfit, cost
$160; Fishing Poles and Outfit, etc.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), AT 11 O'CLOCK,
. '....WE -WILL SKLI,!...
On« of the "Most Complete Medical li-
braries In the Country, by Catalogue.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
- 1057 Market st . opposl c .lon a. ■
and engaged Baptista by making sotne
slight purchases, while two others entered
the saloon without attracting any atten
tion from the proprietor.
The tin money-box of the firm in a
wooden locker near the bar was secured
by forcing the lock with a chisel. The two
men were just going out by the door when
they met Thomas coming in. He recog
nized the tin box and rai-ed an outcry,
the robbers taking to their heels ana mak
ing for the railroad yards near by. On
gaining that point they were soon lost to
view, and the cnase had to be given up.
Later one of the employes found the tin
box with the mon-y intact under a seat in
one of the cars. The robber nad evidently
thrown it there when hard pressed, be
lieving he could return and secure it after
the chase had subsided. It is believed
the men all crossed to San Francisco on
the first boat.
SURPRISED BY A DIVORCE
J. E. Cory, Supposed to Be a
Bachelor, Sued for a
Separation.
The Curt Reiuses to Prevent Mr.
Watson From Going to His Home
to See His Children.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 23.— The many
friends of J. E. Cory, agent for ttie Lander
man Ouera-house, collector and manager
of an employment bureau, were surprised
to learn to-day that he was not a bachelor.
Yesterday Mrs. Cory arrived in the city
from Cbico, and to-day called upon her
husband and furnished him the informa
tion that she would bring suit for divorce
and alimony. ,
Mrs. Cory is an attractive brunette, who
married ncr present husband nine years
reo. At t c time ehe had a «oa by a for
mer husband, and say 3 Mr. Cory had two
w:ves- be;ore she married him. In answer
to a que?tion, Mrs. Cory said:
" I do not. know upon what grounds the
suit will be based yet' but desertion is
probaoie. Wiie., I called upon my hus
band this rnon.ing he %>aid lie tiad oi>
tained a decree of divorce on the ground
of extreme cruelty. I have looked the
court records over carefully and fail to
find any such record, asd I am sure 1
never received any notice of such action.
I have only recently become aware of bis
whereabouts."
Mr. Cory said: "1 do not care to dis
cuss the matter at all. I left Chico two
years a o, alter losing considerable prop
erly, and located litre. I could not get
along with Mrs. Cory, so i 'eft h«r."
The Watson Children
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 23.— The case
of the W&tsons over the control of their
two children was partially heard before
Judge Otrden in the Superior Court to- |
day. Mr. Watson introduced the much
ialked-oi photographs of Reed, a painter,
and bit* 11-year-olu daughter, as taken by
Dr. Carpenter. They show Reed situnt:
by a lence with ttie chiid sitting by his
s;ue. All of the testimony went to show
that the girl had carried messages from
her mother to Reed.
Mrs. Watson's defense ia that she was
using 11 <-d to gather facts for use in her
divorce case, and used her daughter as a
messenger.
The order forbidding Mr. Watson from
visiting his home was vacated by the
Judge, who stated that it was not the
court's jurisdiction to separate a nusDand
and wiie, but rather to keep them in har
mony.
To lone for Five Tears.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 23.— Judge
Greene to-day sentenced Jesus Garcia,
tbe 16-year-old burglar, to the Preston
School of Industry at lone for five years.
Garcia pleaded guilty to robbing John
Goldstone's residence three times.
The principality of Monaco, of which
Monte Carlo is the capital, has an army oi
126 me Li.
DAVIS, HABER & CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants,
Salesroom— 2ll Pine st., between Sansome
and Battery.
BICYCLE RIDERS, ATTEHTIO!!
BICYCLE RIDERS, AITEXTIOX!
TO-MORROW,
Friday September 28, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. if., at Salesrooms,
BT CATALOGUE,
POSITIVE AND PEREMPTORY SALE,
By Order of Factory, of
ISO BICYCUES,
The Celebrated Premier Helical Tubing,
consisting of
Ladles' Drop-frame, 21-inch and 24-lnch Diamond
frame, ail '96 Model.
Including their $l*JO Koyal Purple Special.
DAVIS, HABER & CO., Auctioneers.
Notk.— We refer to the report of the Ordnance
Department V. S. Army, showing Helical Tubing
to be twice as strong as any other made.
All wheels fully guaranteed by Premier Cycle
Manufacturing Co. Wheels open for Inspection
on Thursday.
POLITICS IN OREGON.
Joseph Holladay Says Every
thing Is Very Much
Chopped Up.
tomething Necessary in Order to Set
the Idle Men at Work— Silver
Arguments Unsound.
Joseph Holladay of Portland, Or.,
brother of Ben Holladay, founder of the
Pony Express and overland stage, is at
the Occidental. Mr. Holladay is one of
tbe oldest and wealthiest residents of
Portland. He has acquired a gteat deal of
real estate there and has lons been one of
the distinguished citizens of Oregon.
He says that Oregon, as well as the en
tire coast, as he views it, is in a peculiar
condition just now. In Oregon, he says,
so far as politics is concerned, things
could not be in a worse chopped up con
dition. You meet a Bryan man and ha
claims everything for Bryan; meet a Mc-
Kinley man and McKinley is going to
carry things by an overwhelming majority.
"It is just according to the man you
meet," said Mr. Holladay. "You can get
a majority any way you want it. For my
part, I am satisfied that times will be bet
ter no matter who is elected. This condi
tion oi things cannot continue as it is.
Whoever is elected will have to get in and
have some laws passed that will set to
work the idle men that are now to be seen
in all the towns of the country.
"In Portland we have these men, as you
have here, plenty of th^m, with nothing
to do. This free silver idea, however,
there is nothing in that, do you think so?
That's all been exploded long ago. But
there is one thing sure, something is
wrong when we see all these people who
want work and can't get any. Where is
Joseph Holladay, the "Wealthy
Oregonian, a Brother of the
Founder of the Pony Express.
[Sketched from, life by a " Call " artist.]
the trouble? Farmers have got lots to
sell, it's so in Oregon, but they can't get
anything for what they have got. Thera
i» no prices.
"I have just come up from Los Angeles.
That town is re<l-hot on politics. They
are discussing politics everywhere and
getting out and mating speeches on the
streets, and in the parKs you will see men
with crowds around them delivering ad
dresses. I don't think any man knows
how the country is going at all. If there
is anybody that does he's a long ways
smarter than I am. We are simply in the
dark md none of us will know till the
I votes are counted late on November 3."
The i mneror and the Artist.
The Emperor Francis Joseph recently
went unaccompanied to the studio of the
artist, Ludwig Bruck, in Budapest, in
order to sit for a portrait, which is to
adorn the ereat Council Hall of the Royal
Palace of Justice. During the hour and a
half which he passed with the Dainter he
spoke with much pleasure of the rapid
progress made with the portrait, which
represents him in the regalia of a Knight
of the Order of St. Stephen, and con*
versed also with great evident interest on
the questions which most engage the at
tention of the modern schools of art, such
as impressionism, symbolism and natural
ism.
yTTr^ l)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A^^J§ft<>2r > KKAR>VST. Established
wS* 1 s SsPS' 1*54 for the treatment of Private
r«L JiV'T^tf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
"i ■Arllaeasewearingoiibodyandmlndancl
oSwpSsftTVj skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
: SfiW Mothers fail. ? Try him. Charges low.
' nJßTinßHatiH *•—--- "--— — »- — » Callorwrite.
Sr. J. Tv «HJBOS.Boxl»s7.SaarraacLsc*
1112
DID THE COMPANY
USE ITS PULL?
Very Peculiar Case Heard
Before Commissioner
Heacock.
PROSECUTED BY FOOTE.
How the Southern Pacific Made
a Cat's Paw of the
Government
UNFOUNDED FORGERY CHARGE
G. H. Lawrence, Arrested in Ogden,
Gives Conclusive Proof of
Innocence.
From the «vidence introduced at the
preliminary hearing of G. H. Lawrence,
charged with forgery, before Commis
sioner fleacock yesterday, it appeared
that the Southern Pacific was outraging
the feelings and jeopardizing the life of
one roan in oraer to get back at another.
The court evidently entertained the same
opinion, for tbe case was dismissed and a
tevere rebuke administered to those who
had a hand in tbe business.
Probably tbe worst feature of the case,
however, is found in the reports current
about the Federal building that the rail
road used the Federal Government through
District Attorney Foote to pull its dis
agreeable chestnuts from the fire. Mr.
Foote fought valiantly for the cause he
represented, but Commissioner Heacock
would have none of it, and so informed
the Government's chief prosecuting offi
cer.
The facts in the case, from the evidence
introduced, may be briefly stated as fol
lows: Ten days ago Lawrence bought of
Conklin & Co., scalpers, an order in four
parts, calling for a ticket from Oakland
Mole to Chicago, via the Southern Pacific
lines. The order was in the name of oiie
Parker Bray, a pensioner, and had been
issued by local Quartermaster Lee.
Lawrence was informed by the brokers
that he had a perfect right to sign Bray's
name as the latter had given them (Conk
lin & Co.) such authority in the shape of
a power of attorney. Acting on this as
surance he purchased the order, effectine
a saving of $12 50. Lawrence then visited
the Southern Pacific ticket office, pre
sented the order and after some short de
lay was furnisi-.ed a ticket. The next
morning he started on the long, journey,
all going well untill near Carlin, Nev.
The conductor demanded the ticket and
also full fare to Oeden. Lawrence gave up
the one and paid the other. On arriving
in Ogden he was tafcen in custody by a
United States Marshal, who informed him
that he was wanted in San Francisco for
forging the name of Parker Bray to a Gov
ernment order calling for a ticket to Chi
cago. This telegram had been sent by
District Attorney Foote.
Lawrence protested his innocence, but
declared his perfect willingness to return
to San Francisco and face his accusers,
and that, too, without a requisition.
These facts and others were brought out
at the hearing, the principal contention,
however, being that Lawrence had a per
fect right to sign Bray's name to the
order. It was also shown that the Gov
ernment had not lost a dollar, nor had>
there ever been any chance of such a
thing.
The complaint on which Lawrence was
tried for forgery was made out by one
Adams, an employe of the Southern Pacific,
and hence did not come in the jurisdiction
of Federal authorities. The interest Dis
trict Attorney Foote took in the case,
therefore, was not generally understood,
the result being that many unkind things
about the Judge were whispered around
the corridors of the big Appraiser's build
ing.
While Lawrence was on the stand he
became great affected in reciting the in
dignities to which he had been subjected.
At the conclusion of the hearing the court
officers, with one single exception, crowded
about him, offering congratulations and
sympathy. The railroad had a special
officer in citizen's clothes on hand to ar
rest Lawrence should he be turned loose,
but after hearing the evidence they
determined to give him no more trouble.
Mr. Lawrence has been dangerously sick
for a long time and his physician stated
yesterday that it was providential death
had not resulted from the excitement to
which he had been subjected. It is un
derstood that Lawrence will immediately
institute suic for damages against the rail
road and probably a Government official
or so.
THE POLICE ON PARADE
Fifteen Companies Inspected on
Van Ness Avenue by
Chief Crowley.
They Are Pat Throurh Various Evo-
Inlions, and March With Re
markable Steadiness.
Fifteen companies oi the police mus
tered on Van Ness avenue yesterday aft
ernoon for inspection by Chief Crowley,
preparatory to the great parade of the en
tire department on October 7.
Each company consisted of 25 men, mak
ing 375 altogether in the ranks, and each
was in command of an officer. The com
panies were divided into two battalions,
the first composed of eight companies
from Captain Wittman's district, and the
second composed of seven companies,
four from Captain Spillane's district, two
from Captain Gillen's district and one
from Captain Dunlevy's district. Each bat
talion was headed by two rifle companies.
Chief Crowley was in command of the
two battalions, and had as his aid-de
camp Drill Instructor Marshall. They
were both mounted, and the veteran
Chief's manly figure looked to perfection
as he sat firmly on his seat and rode along
the lines with a pleased lootc on his face.
Captain W.utman acted as major.
The battalions were first drawn up in
line, the first extending from Market
street to Hayes and the second from
Hayes to Fulton. They were then put
through various evolutions, including
marching in column of companies, col
umns of platoons and in lours. They
marched with remarkable steadiness con
sidering the fact that there was no music
to guide them.
Two Sharper* Arrested.
William Goldsmith and George Hlnes were
arrested yesterday morning by Policeman
Georjre Rlortlan and locked up In "the tank-"
at the City Prison. They passed a confederate
bill on the proprietor of a lodging-house,
Magon and Post streets, receiving a .fo gold
piece as change, after presumably paying $o
>or rooms they engaeed. Tbe police believe
that Goldsmith and Hines are the two men
who have been victimizing numerous hotel
keepers and boarding-housekeepers in tne
same way.
HIGH EXPLOSIVES USED.
Quarrymen on Bluerock Hill Send
Showers of Flying Itock Against
Dwellings.
The quarrymen who are engaged in cut
ting through the bluerock hill on Ken
tucky street have been using explosives of
such high grade that when the blasts are
let off fragments of rock are sent flying
through the air in such reckless fashion
as to injure property and endanger human
life.
On one occasion recently an unusually
heavy charge was let off and it threw frag
ments of rock against houses situate over
1000 yards away. A number of windows
were broken. On another occasion a rock
weighing twelve pounds was sent over a
spur of the bill and across Kentucky to
Napa street.
The neighbors do not object to tbe blast
ing, but they would recommend that less
powder be used.
OLYMPIC CLUB BANQUET.
The Advisory Committee Enjoy a Pleas
ant Feast, at Cafe Norman.
The advisory election committee of the
Olympic Club of '95-96 held a pleasant re
union and banquet at Cafe Norman on
Tuesday evening. Among those present
were: F. H. Kerrigau (chairman), E. P.
McLennan (vice-chairman), H. C. Massie,
E. Unger, 6. V. Casady, H. 8. Jerome, W.
W. Coates, C. A. Reynolds, J. A. Mallon,
C. M. Gunn, F. J. Devlin, I. Deutscn, J.
F. Coffey. F. R. Butz, Oscar A. Tolle and
J. X. de Witt.
The speakers of the evening were : F. H.
Kerrigan, E. P. McLennan, F. R. Butz, C.
Reynolds and J. A. Mallon, all of whom
favored the cutting down of expenses of
the club as far as expedient. Boxing,
football, handball and cycling the speakers
thovght should be encouraged, as they
formed the principal fields of sport.
REPORTS ARE WITHHELD
Commissioner Stanton on the
Trail of Recalcitrant
Railroads.
He Introdnced a Motion Aimed at the
Officials of the Southern Pacific
Company.
Owing to the failure of the Attorney-
General to reply to the communication of
the Railroad Commissioners, recently ad
dressed to him. concerning the jurisdic
tion of the commission over street rail
roads, the alleged contempt of Secretary
Willcutt of the Market-street Railway
Company, the question of bicycles as bag
gage and the recalcitrancy of the steam
ship companies which failed to submit
reports to the committee, those subjects
were not taken up for consideration by
the commission at its session yesterday.
But in order apparently that the com
mission might not be accused of failing to
earn its salary another move was made
directed against the Southern Pacific Com
pany, though ostensibly against a number
cf minor roads which had failed to
send reports to tbe board.
These reports should now be in the
hands of the State Printer, so that they
mipht be incorporated in the annual re
port of the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners, which is usually submitted to the
Governor at the beginning of each year.
Ever since the institution of the suit by
the Southern Pacific Company against the
commission in the United States Circuit
Court to prevent a reduction in freight
rates, the great corporation, acting in con
formity with the claim set up in its com
plaint that the commission is an uncon
stitutional creation, has ignored that
body.
It has persistently refrained from filing
with the cpmmission the new schedulesof
fares and freights it has made, and now
refuses to submit a report of its opera
tions for the past year, as it had previ
ously been in the habit of doing ever
since the organization of the commission.
President La Rue was not present at the
session of the commission yesterday, owing
to illness, and Commissioner Clark occu
pied the chair. After a number of com
munications of no general interest had
been read by Secretary Newman and or
dered placed on file, Commissioner Stan
ton moved that the secretary be instructed
to write to all the companies that cad
failed to 'file reports with the commission,
informing them that unless tUese reports
were forwarded within ten days the mat
ter would be placed in the hands cf the
attorney for action. Subc-nas will first
be issued, citing the officials of the defiant
companies to appear and produce their
books, and should these fail to be effective,
the Attorney-General will be asked to take
the proper legal steps to compel compli
ance with the order of the board. The
motion was duly adopted.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss M Dlxon, Auburn R Robinson, Chico
J Butler, Colfax B Muiler & w, Tehama
J Bender <fe w, Cal P M Pratt, Boston
J P Klo:z. St I ouis R Malcom, Chicago
C X Jeffreys. Sacto J B Wodson <fe w, Cal
F B Abbe, t-an Jo3e G D Plato, Modesto
J H Ferguson, Marysvll E M Murray, L Angeles
Mrs J R Trayner, Cal G P Morden, Cal
T G Gage, Sacramento J Contoline. St Helena
W J Llndow. Napa O Hogan <fe w, St Helena
J H Campbell. San Jose J Hewitsoo, Crockett
Capt Hushes <fe w, Cal M Archambuan:, Cal
P Archibald. Cal H G Shaw, S'ockton
J Doneilson, Ireland X G Jensen, Chicago
A Harris. Madison Mrs S Renyson, Courtld
MrsS y KicharOson, Cal W Tormey, Vallejo
Mrs G Smith. Courtland C F Schmitt, Courtland
E B Black, NY F J Kemage, Sonoma
C A JMnith. Courtland T Spaulding, Woodland
L Sheldon, Pasadena W James. Cherokee
W Kanz, N V W Sexton. Oroville
S M Jackson &w,Pa . J Hauch <fe w, Colusa
Mrs H Baker, Auburn J R Howell, Chicago
Mrs M Lind^ey, Albany J Wilson <fe w. Oakland
R P Faby, Portland 11 W Earle, Stockton
A E Kenan, oroville c M Spaugler, Oroville
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Mackintosh, Whatcom H C Spangler A w, Chlco
H Lee <fe w, Seattle C B Merrell, Seattle
J G Taylor, Seattle F Marshall. Seattle
O Wilson, Rio Vista T Evans, Kio Vista
0 Mayo, Ohio J Wieland, Sautaßarbara
C Lemps, Santa Barbara H (lardner.Duncan Mills
W C Brown, Colusa J Shaud, Albany
X T Sullivan, Albany H Ruli, Humboldl
(i Qiiinn. Reno P Madden, >■ nay mas
J Hurpby, Monterey D Mikes. Monterey
R W hippie, Los Angeles C M Eddy, Coventry
O Wilson, Kio Vista C Burch <fe w. San Jose
C Hilmer, Madera 0 Mays, Ohio
R Harvey, Nanaimo J Person, Galveston
PALACE HOTKL.
W M Peck, Riverside Mrs. F G Home, L Gatoa
N E Jack, San L Oblspo N Ludlow, X V
«' J Titus, Sacramento Mrs J B Marvln.Oakland
Bde Wogacic, Russia R X Craig Mo
F Asai. Japan Mrs Craig, Mo
W T Solomon, H V X Craig, Mo
\V Wrigley Jr, Chicago E A Crowns head N V
-Mrs M Z Crocker, N B Mrs W Ruasell Pa
.Mrs W w Law, NY J R Chase, Santa Cruz
Miss Law, NY J Bo ? an, N V
W N Benedict, Mich s Ullman H V
F Francis, Kn gland F H Co* ne, Angels
H S Greene, Ind *• o Hume, m>s Gatos
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Kini,, San Jose J v Thessen, Vallejo
J C Lynch. Cal W A Pot.-et.Kans City
C M Williams, St Paul JCIIHo c! NY
R P Quinu. Watsonvlle C A Brown <fc w.San Jose
J A sinclalr&w.Htocktn A Bettens Cal
J Broussau, Los An? H Q Dodds&w.San Jose
R M Bonet. Los Ang T Lane, Oakland
F Klein. Shingle Springs J Logiui, Baltimore
Mrsll Brown, Baltimore T Rogers Fresno
T G -Muiler, Texas J <; Booth. Williams
Miss \ ate<, Colusa F Abbott, Portland
H Watts, Butte
LICK HOUSE.
t' M - W »mans, Newman £ M »mans, Newman
J B Mathtson. Cal ■ Hoi. E E Bush, Hantord .
F L Baker, L. a Angeles F Donahue &w, Oal
£ Banroft, erCe £ R BBar.r -*r. Vacavllle
11 ■de Vrtes Van . Does- L X JicCounell, N V
burgh, .-t Helena < FD J nice Ca!
J . P Smith & w, Portland (i 8 iomis.' Auburn
P Mil, Cal-: • - H < Smith Fresno
J Meyers <fc w.Bakersflld L Winters, .Santa Rosa
J J Warren, San Jose C H Gardner N V
U Porter, Sacramento', G Dean, Lincoln *
■' — ' ' ' "*»"'!• ♦ — • i.." : , ■
The State of Michigan raises 15.000 tons
of peppermint a year. W
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Smn Francisco C»u-
T3O Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
mlgbt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICBB-SBO Montgomery itreat,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
71S Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opm
nntU 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntU 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
jp:^- PACIFIC LODGK NO. 136. F. «
&■£? ana a. M.. will meet THIS (T I- IRS- Mk
DAY) AFTKRNOON. at Grace M. E."?f 2f
Church.Twenty-ttrst and Capp sts.. at 1 p. f^r^
m. to attend the funeral of our late Brother, REV.
M. F. COLBURN. Funeral- committees are In-
vited^ • GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec.
Bt^gp SOUTH 8A N FRANCISCO it
Bf-^ Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M.. meets £k
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o"c loci for sec-"«V
ond degree. By order of ihe Master. r^r\
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
W^S* CALIFORNIA LODGE NO 1. F. « "
Of-*' and A.M., will meet THIS fI'HURS- A
DAY) EVENING. Sept. 24. at 7:30 o'clock. V
Third degree. By order of the master. /^srV
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
H^^» EXCELSIOK LODGE No. \s&mwM's
**r~& 310, I. u.O. F.— All members
are requested to assemble at their -SfySJ*-^
lodgeroom, 2319 Mis-lon street, at **W* "
12:30 P. m., THURSDAY, September 24, 1896. to
attend the funeral of our late brother, REV. M. F.
COLBURN, at 1 p. m. from Grace M. E. Church,
corner Twenty-first and Capp streets. Interment,
Cypress Lawn, by electric car.
• JAS. T. MoINKIS, N. G.
J. H. Duxcait, Secretary. •
»^r» PRESIDIO LODGE NO. 334, -"*ssiUlil/''-
BP-*' I, O. O. F.. Stelmke's Hall, Oc-^&PJsSsEi
tavla st., nr. Union— lterular meeting ::^g*sE*^3 f
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. In- "^Wttw^
ltiation ; all brothers cordially invited.
J. H. FOSTER, N. Q.
i£5K» Western addition -'~*«w'%
*~-»^ Lodge Na 285, I. O. O. F,, will^s«|s^.
initiate on THIS (THURSDAY) -^&s&<^
EVENING. Sept. 24. Officers and < ™/!*'S>~
members are requested to attend. Members of
sister lodges are cordially Invited.
a. Isaacs, N. a.
WilF. La«, Perm. Sec.
■^J5» CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
S^*' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free, '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ttSs^PROK rTATUMTTLATE'wRifiNG Tmi£
W^~C dlum. 334 O'Farrell st.
WZ3S* DR. H. L JONES, OCULIST AND
*^ jy aurlst. just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post. Tel. Grant 1 01.
•t^S=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
*-=' collections made, city or country. Paclflo
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy s't.. room 6. TeL 6580.
iprjp BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
■"-^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
B^3?» GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDER;
t^S' cheapest place In the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. •
Bt^S" A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIS
&-& WEEKIY CALL. IP wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
I?RENCH CHRISTIAN UNION OF^ALIFOR-
x uio, 1520 Clay St.— La-lies In need of reliable
help will find such at the above address by apply-
ing in person, from 1 to 3p. m. Employers be-
come members of the Employment Bureau by
paying a fee of $1 for one year. Employes are
placed out free of charge, and can bring their ref-
erences same address, same hours. -■'-.'
•DEFINED AMERICAN LADY: EXPERI-
IX enced hotel, housekeeper, desires situation:
city or country: best of references. Call or address
MRS. M. JOHNSTON, 905 Market su
pOMPETENT MANAGING HOUSEKEEPER;
\J German: ho', el, lodging-house or private family;
thoroughly reliable; where other help is kept.
MRS. M. JOHNSTON. 9H5 Market st. .
SCOTCH GIRL, VERY GOOD COOK, WISHES
C) situation at bouse wont; best reference. Apply
MRS. HIKD, 721 Ellis St.
/GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VJ" son St.. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
IS THERE A FAMILY IN THIS CITY IN
X want of good conscientious help: American good
plain cook; neat and oblizmg; no objection to wi l-
ower's family, or the country: wages $20. Ad-
dress C. H., box 76, Call Office.
\UOMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES SITUA-
' » tion as housekeeper or to do general house-
work or any kind of work by the day; good cook;
competent worker; good sewer; city or country.
Call or address 645V4 Stevenson st.
N ELDERLY SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN,
A who speaks German, wants a situation in an
American or German family to do sewing and
light housework; small wages. Address Hand,
box 95, Call Office.
YOUNG WOMAN LATELY FROM the EAST
1 wishes a position an first-class cook in a
boarding-house or restaurant; alsoayounc woman
wishes position as waitress. Add. 523 Minna, city.
ANTED BY A RESPECTABLE WOMAN,
»» work in a boarding-bouse, restaurant or hotel ;
is good cook and waitress, or will assist with any
kind of work. Call 814 Filbert st.
\\i SITUATION BY KESPECTABLB
" woman to assist in light housework: no objec-
tion to children. Please call at 4 Church place,
entrance off Dupont st.
PROTESTANT YOUNG LADY WISHES PO-
X sition as nursezirl or ladles' maid; good refer-
ences; $20. Apply between 3 and sp. v., or ad-
dress 827 Eddy st. . .
ELI ABLE STRONG YOUNG WOMAN
XV wishes to do work by t.he day ; washing, house-
cleaning or any such work. Call or address 153
Tehama st.
ITUA'iION WANTED TO DO GENERAL
housework In a small family by a neat German
girl; good cook. Apply 28 Hickory aye., 9 a. m.
to 6p. M. . . . - ■ ■
IRL, AGE 19, LIVING WITH HER PA-
rents, wishes a place to do housework or up-
stairs work in private family. Address 1238 Mis-
sion st.
YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE PLACE TO DO
X general housework. Call at 221 Eleventh st,
XPERIENCKD GERMAN LADY WISHES
J-i any kind of work by the day; $1 and car tare.
Call at 416 Sixth su .
OUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A POSI-
X tlon to do general housework or second work.
Call or address 122 Eighth st.
poMPETKNT WOMAN WISHES A BITUA-
\J tion ; is a good cook, or wonld do housework.
Call at 227 Minna st.
Y OUNG DANISH GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
X tlon to do plain cooking for private family. Ad-
dress 230 Gates St., near Cortland aye.
/"COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN FROM THE
\J East, understanding cooking, housework and
sewing, would like home in refined family; refer-
ences. 1050 McAllister st.
V MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AND DAUGH-
ter, in country hotel or mining camp, as cook
and waitress. M. L. X, Lester House, cor. Eighth
and Ciav sts., Oakland. .
mvfO GOOD NORWEGIAN GIRLS WANT
X general housework or ehambcrwork: first-class
cooks." German House, room 17, BU9 Washington
St., Oakland. .
yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE TO DEVOTE
X her mornings to any kind of office work in re-
turn for lessons In music (piano). J., box 73, Call.
7S ERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE FOR GEN-
VX eral housework and cooking. Address 179
Precita aye., off Mission, bet. Army and 27th st.
ANTED— AN EDUCATED LADY WISHES
a position as governess, seamstress or com-
panion to invalid," or all three combined; no objec-
tions to country references exchanged. Address
MISS ANNIE M. BRIGHT. San Jose, Cal.
p IRL OF 20 YEARS OF AGE ATTENDING
\Jf grammar school, would do general housework
for home end small compensation. Address X
2518 Mission eu . . , '
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECT A-
ble girl; first-class seamstress and chamber-
maid; wages $26. Call at 1424 Franklin st., Oak
land. . : .
p KRMAN GOVERNESS WANTS SITUA-
VJ tion; loves children; best of references. Ad-
dress M., box 18, call.
"ANTED— BY COMPETENT GIRL, SITU A~-
tion as chambermaid or. second work. Call
967 a Howard st. .
G1 OOD, RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITU-
r ation for housework and cooking. Call 7 Van
Ness aye.
ADY WOULD LIKE TO TAKE CARE ROOM-
ing house or do cnamberwork. 1165 Mission.
SWEDISH GIRL wants situation AS
laundress In private family. Call 810 Folsom.
TNTELLIGENT YOUNcTIaDY, FINE HAND-
X- sewer, would give part of day light services for
room and board. . S.~, 609 Franklin st,' -
Gl OOD COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUA-
r tlon ■ for general housework and cooking-
private family. 427 Dolores st. .
ITU ATION : BENCH LAUNDRY-WOMAN
10 years' experience. Address 626 Merchant.
ESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A SlTU-
ation as first-class cook or second girl; city or
country. Call 3608 Tweqty-slxth. near Valencia,
p ERMAN . GIRL WISHES A PLACE FOR
VX general housework and help cooking. Apply
163 Tehama st. ■ t -. : =»•»•*
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS TO DO GEN-
O eral housework. : Call 715 Howard.
GERMAN WOMAN DESIRES A PLACE TO
vJ do ii,-ht housework and taite care of children.
5 Mason st. * s^S&n9BKBAHWKiIBiMMWi
GERMAN WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
VJr housekeeper. - Call 9-18 Harrison.
KKBTAUBANT COOK. WANTS SITUATION.
XV Call or address 757% Howard.
pESPF.CTABI^E GIRL WISHES SITUATION
Xl/ in family to do general housework and plain
cooking, v Address or call 2417 Clay st. •
EFINED WOMAN ; WITH : REFERENCE
-it wants place as reception lady or would assist
dentist In exchange for dental work. ■, Address
Keflaed, box 82. Call. . ." .' . . v. -
yOUNG WIDOW, ITRECKNTLY FROM
. X Massachusetts, ceslrt« a . position as house-
keeper: only first-class people need apply. Rooms
2 and 3, 1007 Market it. >; . ...
_ SITUATIONS WANTED-Continned. .:.
T) EFIN ED WOMAN '■' FROM THE SOUTH
XV wishes position as housekeeper .In the ■ city.
Call at 17 Grant aye.. room 6. first floor. -
VOUNO, REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
. X widow desires position as housekeeper/ Please
call at 917 Market su, room 19, second floor.
ADY OF EDUCATION AND REFINEMENT,
speaks three languages, desires : a; place as
housekeeper for widower or lodging-house. Room
2, 12 Mason st. ' ■:/ ' : ':
PROTESTANT WOMAN WANTS A BITUA-
X tlon to do general housework. Call or address
439 Minna su, between Fifth and Sixth. . ; . .
DEFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKE , POSI-
Xt tion as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's family. Room 13, 1 Finn sU -:..;>;,.
\V INOUESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. nr.
'* Market; 200 rooms: 250 to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree tins ana baggage to and from the lerrv.
SITUATIONS WANTED— HALE.
H^^UNTER^ CO.. CHINESE AND~~JAPA^
nese employment office. 17 Webb su, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C YOUNG, mgr
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office, 51iy 2 ' Bush st., nr. Grantave.
hTnksk and JAPANESE . reliable;
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY AGO.. 640 Clay.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMBLOYMENT
V.' office: best help. 414^ O'Farrell: t»L K. 428.
T APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. . 314b Sutter st. : teL Grant SO.
pELIABLE BUTCHER OF 15 YEARS' EX-
XV perience; 10 years of successful business for
himself: strictly temperate; a No. 1 market man
and cutter: can furnish any required bonds; no
objection to country. Address .Butcher, box 85,
Call.
TEADY, RELIABLE YOUNO MAN d"e-
sires situation on private place; understands
care of horses, gardening and general work; is
willing and obliging: first-class references. . Ad-
dress O. W., box 61, Call Office. -
ffi» I (\(\ WANTED — KMPOYMENT, BY A
*ipXv/V7. smart, energetic young man: would
invest $100 in any business to secure position in
same; understands restaurant work. Address
Business, box 39, Call. .
PRINTER— JOBBER.MAKE-UP AND STONE-
X hand— Just from New York City, would like to
make good connections; capable of taking charge.
HOWARD. 320% Sntter st.
(COMPETENT YOUNG MAN WANTS SITU-
\J anon as bookkeeper: has first-class references.
Call or address C. G., 34 Golden Gate aye.
ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFK, WORK
on aprivat c place: country preferred; refer-
ences. Address A. J.. box 63, Memo Park.
OUNG MAN, WITH 2 YEARS' EXPERT.-
X ence in machine-shop, wishes work as helper
or anything. Address R., box 86 Call Office.
p ARDENER— MAN, NEAT IF-
vX pearance, ' desires situation: understands
horses, cows, chickens, carpentering, painting;
temperate. industrious, obliging; - first-class refer-
ences; salary $25 per month. Address A., box 67,
Call Office. .
ITUATION WANTED AS WATCHMAN, OR
O any position where honesty and sobriety will
be appreciated, by American, age 27; best of ref-
erences and security if necessary. Address W. A.,
box 142, Call. .
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH;
thoroughly experienced California farmer:
would take charge or work for single man; no
children; wages moderate. Address H. H., box
87, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED CHEESEMAKER: MAKES
Xj different kinds of cheese; also butter; can run
a separator, wishes a situation, city or country.
Address W. W.. box 160. Call Office.
ARBER WITH 8 MONTHS' EXPERIENCE
XJ wishes employ menu ■ Ad. T. T., box 61, CalL
\\? ANTED— POSITION AS DRAUGHTSMAN;
" general knowledge. Address P., box 60. CalL
YOUNG MAN WHO SPEAKS FRENCH, GER-
X man and English wishes a situation In office or
store. Address Q. H., box 48 Call Office. j
/ 1 ERMAN BOY OF 17 WISHES ANY KIND
'I of work: can drive and care for horses. Ad-
dress 488 Eighth sU
LDERLY MAN WOULD WORK AT ANY
occupation for a good home; is useful to cook-
ing and housework; also generally useful with
tools. T. H., box 95, Call Office.
BUTLER— SITUATION WANTED; ENG-
lish: thoroughly experienced. Address F. J.
L.. box 103, Call Office. ,■ .
VV ANTED— BY SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS
»» man. position In private family: thoroughly
understands care of horses, also plain gardening.
A. G. S-, box 2, Call Office, Oakland.
\\7 INCHKSTER HOUSB, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
YOUNG GENTLEMAN ATTENDING COL-
X lege seeKs some employment for late afternoon
and evening hours: best references; stationery,
drug and general experience. Address X., box
108, Call Office.
YOUNG, STRONG, ABLE-BODIED MAN,
X sober and steady, painter and paper hanger by
trade, desires situation as janitor or porter in
hotel or institution. Address A. 8., box 161, this
office. - ■..'■* . ' ■•" - ' ■ " - -■:
YOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION TO
X work- nights; speaks English, French and
Italian. Address S. 8., 801 Vallejo St., room 29.
YOUNG BUTCHER WISHES SITUATION,
X city or country. Address S. M., box 43, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room: 209
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus anrt baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
"PROTEST ANT WOM.AN FOR COOKINGrETcX
X on ranch. $18, ' see party here 9 a. m., good
steady place; 10 girls for housework, country. $20
and fare paid ; second girl and others for good sit-
uations, private families and ranches, country.
Call on MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su : ■
IIRKNCH-SPEAKING WAITRESS. $30 AND
room; girt or woman to -wash dishes, $16;
waitress, city, $vtO and room; waitress, coun-
try, $20 and room; waitress, city, $15; cham-
bermaid and wait some, city, $20 and room; second
girl, $i:0: girl. Green St., 820; girl, McAllister sU.
$20; girl, Stelner sU, $15: girl, Stelner su, $20;
German girl, Geary sU, $18; girl, Fulton st., $15:
trirl, minister's family of 3, $15; girl, Pierce sU,
$17; girl. Filbert su, $20; girl, Geary St., $16:
girl, Twenty-third sU, »15; girl, Turk 8!., 815;
girl, Novato, $15: girl. Bush St., $12; girl, San
Leandro, $12: 11 girls. $15: 6 girls, S2O; 17
young girls. $8, $10 ana $12 per month; assist,
etc.. nice families. MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
\\r AN I ED-PKOI'ESTANT SECOND GIRL
'' for Institution, $20. MARTIN'S. 749 MarUeU
p ERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWi-KK; FAM-
lly of 3; Alameda; $20: nice place. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st. - ■
■VTEAT VOX: NO GIRL; HOUSEWORK: NICE
family. MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
ANTED— HEAD WAITRESS. CITY, $30;
chambermaid who can wait at table, $20. C.
B. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary SU v
U. r ANTED— MAN.WJFE AND SECOND GIRL,
'» same family, country: man and wife, $40: sec-
ond girl, $15, see party here. C. R. HANSEN <&
CO., 110 Geary st.
\\r ANTED— DANISH COOK FOR COUNTRY.
" $25; French girl for second work, country,
$15, see party here: chambermaid and laundress
for country, $15; chambermaid for country, $15;
German or Swedish girls lor housework, $20 and
525: young girls for housework, $10, $12 and SI 6;
elderly couple to take entire charge of small place.
C. R. HAN. SEN <fc CO., 110 Geary St.
EAMSTRESS, $25; HOUSEWORK GIRL,
Oakland 525, Alame<?a 820, San Rafael $V 2-
6-15 houseworK girls, city and country, $20 and
$26; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 323 butter sU ■ -
ROTESTANT « URSE, $20. MISS CULLEN, '
323 Sutter st. • •
IDDLK-AGED WOMAN. AS WORKING
housekeeper, $12. MISS CULLEN, 823 Sut-
ler su ?,, . ■■;;. .
AUN DRESS, $30; SWEDISH SECOND
girl. $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
RA NC COOK, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter sU
ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN-
»» second girl, $20; 2 German nurses, $20; cook,
German style, $25; head waitress, $30; chamber-
maid, wait 1 meal, $20; I tress, country hotel,
$20; 2 cooks, boarding-houses, $25; and a large
number of girls for cooKlng and house wore. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter su .
ANTED-GEKMAN COOK. $35; FRENCH
»» nurse, 1 child, $20; French - maid to travel
Eas', $25; nursegirl, $15; girls for housework and
assist. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
GERMAN COOK. $30; COOK AND .HOUSE-
-1 work. $25; German second girl, $20: cham-
bermaid, $20; cook and second girl, country town,
$25, $16; girl, 2 in family, $12: 8 girls for house-
work, $20, $15. German Employment Office, 306
Mason st. • . : . ....
GIOOKS. NURSF.GIRLs AND i GIRLS FOR
/ housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st
2 WAITRESSES SAME COUNTRY HOTEL,
-£ $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st . •-.■
MARRIED COUPLE TO TAKE A ROOM
-UJ- where wife is willing to work few hours dally
In exchange for their room : renu 149^ Fifth st.
THOROUGHLY- COMPETENT LADY FOR
-L position of trust; must be over 25 and come
well recommended. , H. J. P.. box 162, Call Office.
ANTED— GIRL FOR • GENERAL :• HOUSE-
'» work: Scandinavian preferred. SW. corner
Twenty-fifth and Dolores sts. to-day. ' . -
TV" EAT YOUNu GIRL FOR COOKING AND
XJ housework in small family, Berkeley. Apply
rcom 6, 532 Market su _*
V OUNG GIRL, ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK
J- and care children; wages according to ability.
3238 Mission su '- V- . y *-, .-.-.■
/ ' ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
vJ general housework; good reference.' : 2651
Howard st.  . . •
IV KAT YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK IN
o V small family, Protestanu 31H 2 Scott su, nr.
pIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
vj^ plain cooking In small German family. 1444
O'Farrell it.
Scandinavian. OR germ »n. girl for
•J genoral housework ■ and cooking. 2416 Wash-
ington st.
\'OUNG GIRL IN PRIVATE FAMILY OF 2.
X Inquire at 2422 Folsom su .
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ANTED— TA ILORESS ON CUSTOM COAT&
857 Foisom su
A ENTICE ON TAILORING. 724 HOW-
-ci. ar.lst. •- • .
G IRL x FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK:
r wages $15. 2211 gutter si .-.. '; -i
GERMAN GIRL, UP.STAIKS WORK, WAIT-
VJ Ing at table. BeU 9 and 12, 2932 Jacgson su
"UHRST-CLASS FINISHER. 225 EVERETT.
Gl ERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT
I housework; sleep home. 418 Thirteenth sU
GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK
VT 429 Larkln su -»
YOUNG GIRL WANTED TO . ASSIST IN
-■■ light housework; call after 9. 1913 Devisadero.
ROTESTANT GIRL FROM 12 TO 16
years: light housework. 4305 Twenty-fourth.
WANTED — GIRL TO ASSI-T IN HOUSE-
« work; wages $a 1045 Valencia sU
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST; GOOD HOME;
X small wages. Address Y. G., box 99, Call.
V OUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
X 731 Green sU, near Mason.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
work; references. 1218b Eddy sU
\\r A. TED— FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
*» pants: steady. 461^ Minna sU .-
VI ASSAGE TAUGHT AND FORMULAS OF
•»»■» a sure cure for rheumatism and falling hair
given ; reasonable. D. S., box 107, this office.
13EAUTY CULTURE, MANICURING, HAIR-
~,* reBSlnK lessons: day a a evening. MRS.
BUTLER, 131 Posu •
J^LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
YEW SKIRT PATTERNS: JUST IN; 25&
X> McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
K6& St.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LEMSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell sU, 105 9 th.
AIRDREBSING. 250 AND Sso: MOBNINO.
and eve classes; 101easons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
•JX Winchester House, 44 Third su. near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
I^rwe#ir; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED. .
1 A S6cKMEN7i6 DrTlleß&S L^ABORERSI
J-vf 2 miners, 2 milkers, 6 farmers, 20 bean-pull-
ers, man to run a jigsaw. 20 tlemaker?, garden-
boy; 5 waiters. $30 and $25; ranch cook, $20; 3
cooks, $30 to $50. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 ana 636 Clay sU
GARDENER AND WIFE, WITH GOOD REF-
erences. for private place, country, $40 and
found; milker, city. $25; milker, country, $22:
choreman and others. C. R. HANSEN <& CO.,
110 Geary st.
CIANDY-MAKER, CITY, $12 TO $15 WEEK;
\J cook for a resort near city, $35; ironer, coun-
try laundry. $36; bedmaker, country hotel, $25.
CR. HANSKN CO., 110 Geary at.
Ty ANTED— QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 A DAY:
»' choreman for ranch, «20: farmer, $20: young
wagonmaker for country; butcher for partner in
good shop; restaurant cook, *18 a week; hotel
waiters for country, $20 and $25, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento sU
WANTED— SECOND, $30: WAITER,
country, $20; French boy for a laundry, $15
and found; bedmaker, must speak French, $15
and found, and others. LEON ANDRE, 15 Stock-
ton gt. - ■ ■
BARBER. COUNTRY SHOP, ROOM, BOARD,
etc. ; young man who can cook some; 5 good
agents for a paying article: shoemaker; boy for
errands, etc. MARTIN'S, 749 .Market.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN, NOT OVER 20
years of age, healthy . and strong, well ac-
quainted with the city, to act as assistant porter
and carry bundles; must be willing to work: salary
to start $«. Address, stating reference, Hustler,
box 72. Call Office. ■ ■ -
ffij*>w PER MONTH AND BOARD FOR
«J5 —*J light work in grocery: must have refer-
ence; man who can advance $150 on good secur-
ity: no humbug. Address N. li., box 92, Call.
OOD COOK WANTED: SCANDINAVIAN
preferred: must have city references. Call
between 1 and 2 p. v., 1356 Post st.
OY TO LEARN UPHOLSTERING: CALL
with parenU . 1020 Larkln st., nearSutter.
STRONG BOY. ABOUT 18. TO LEARN BAK-
Ing trade: German preferred. 1829 Polk su
OOD COOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL. AP-
ply 509 Kearny St., room 8. ' . . •
pAN VASSER WANTED. APPLY 1117 WEB-
V ster su, before 10 a. m. •
W ANTED— DISHWASHER AT 43
»» Second st.
"I ROOFER AND 1 PLUMBER. 1015 KEAR-
X ny st. - ■
ANTED— ENGRAVER ON BRASS WHO
can design. Stuparich Mfg. Co., 623 Market.
YOUNG MAN WHO HAS HAD ONE YEAR'S
X experience in barber's trade. 702 McAtliister.
QECOND HA.ND ON CAKES. 427 LARKIN.
IJ ,
OY, 15 TO 16. TO SELL PLANTS AND WORK
in garden. 2725 Howard, nr. Twenty- fourth.
HOEMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING.
O 202 Fifth st. - . .
I>OY WANTED AT 740 FOLSOM ST. .
YOUNG MAN TO LEAKN BaRBEu TRADE.
X Address G., box 84, Call Office. j
OU FIND COFFEE JOHN'S NEW PLACE, 9
Stockton, open day and night; prices are same
as in the old. 613 Clay st. /
PRACTICAL GARDENER CAN FIND
J. steady work at Pacific Nursery, cor. Baker and
Lombard sts. -
HoEMAKER BOY WANTED AT 8:30 A. M.
O 767 Market streeu
Good BARBER; YOUNG MAN pre-
T ferred. 1938 Mission sU, 8 o'clock.
TEADY, TRUSTWORTHY PARTNER,
O restaurant, to attend cash counter and dining-
room; advertiser good cook; $125 required. 632
Market su, room 8. ' -
ONEST MAN IN BUSINESS PAYING $75
a month; $150 required. 777 Market st.,
room 7. . ■
mj/j PANTS TO ORDER: LATEST STYLES.
<g)T: WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 223/, Geary sU
IJAKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
0 secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
ARBER CHAIRS— PAY CASH FOR
two or three chairs; must be cheap. Address
B. H., box 58, Call Office, .
LtARBERS- SHOP FOR SALE, $75-
-•1) rent, including gas, $10. 1932 Market st. •
rpWO SHOEMAKERS WANTED. OAKLAND
X Shoe Repairing Company, 1239 Broadway
Oakland.
pITY SALESMAN FOR SOMETHING NEW.
\J Apply beu 9& 10 B. W. PRINDLE.4OI Market.
\\f A TED — SKAMAN AT. THOMPSON'S
»» California House, 103 Clark su
AILORS WANTED AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
su, Mariner's Home.
ANTED-FOR - THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
: married men between the ares of 21 and 30 yean*
not less than - 6 feet 6 Inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
; service offers special inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco. Cat
Gl ET A SHAVE AT THE LADY-BARBER
r shop. 757 Howard st.
TU-EW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET
X* 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c to
50c;week $1 tos2 60 -reading-room ;strlctest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
WANTKD-AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
■»» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN * CO., DepU L; Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted. ' .
WANTED -MEN TO LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given ana
catalogue sepu a F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
AJNTED-50 MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
$1 weeK, 25c nighu . 321 Ellis' st; Bosedale.
M^' 8 HALF-SOLING. 50c.: LADIES, 40c.;
11X done while you walu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel : branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Flnck's,S.F-
OOMS 16c TO 76c Pfc-U NIOHT: 600 TO «1 80
per week Oriental. '225 Drumm sU
LARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, *3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $6. 72bi^ Howard sU. beu Third and Fourth
. W INCUESTERHOUSB. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents a night- reading*
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
rpRY ACMTS HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-'
x low Sixth. fOr a room: 26c a night: $1 a week.
I IN DELL • HOUSE. SIXTH AM) HOWARD
Xv sts. ; tingle furnished rms . 75c week, 16c nighu
F; S.-REJxOVJh.D FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
."Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 6c.
100 M s^«J° T AKE LODUINU AT lOC, 15C
• n»VJi *?.*? 30c ■ nl * nt> Including coffeo anOrolU.
424 Washington iiu. near Kearny. .
A NTKD- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
. » 10 know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
targw. rooms: 250 per nigh:; $1 to $3 per wees. '
BKKT IN CITY--s>INGi.E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
v ?« c nts peT nlKnt - : »*• *1 " 5 «1 BO per week.
Pacific bouse. Commercial and Lelcesdorff sts.
ANTED-BINGLK ROOMS. 15c A DAY: $1
»» v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a wee*;
reading-room : dally papers. 36 Clay sU ;
MKNTOFKED .M.'..NilArrAj!« a I'UCK FOOD;
all grocers keep tv ;.
1 W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»' enntclerKs. KNOX Collection A gey. 110 Hotter
VV B ARE SHOE DOCTOR-; WE REPAIR
t '» shoes up to 12 o'clock every night; those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at niKht while you wait: ladies' soling, «sc: men's
soling, 60c:- tine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
lees than oncfourtli their value, from 25c up to
$2 60. 562 Mission st. bet. First st, »nd Second st.
AGENTS ANTED. '.■■.
IRST^CL AS S AGENTS WANTED FOR GOOD
X? paying article. Call, 9 -to 11:30 a. m., 874
Howard st., cor. Fifth, room 3. • •
GENTS — "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson a. Miles." commander-in- "
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian . fighters: the most remarkable book of
the century : apply at once - for choice of - territory.
i: PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO., 723 Market su
IN EVERY COUNTY WEST OF MISSISSIPPI
River, men and ~ women ; to take agency for
Lightning Scissors Sharpener: enormous profits;
send at once: 25c for sample. . For terms address
E. C. STO WE. box 841, San Jos'}, Cal.
ROOMS "WANTED.
QMALL FURNISHED^ R^oIF^ANTETrBY
0 young man In private ■ family; $1 per week.
Address P. F., box 39, Call Office.
ANTED— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED BOOMS
'» and bath; for light housekeeping. S. F., box
7, Call Office.
HOUSES WANTED.
A^TT?B^S^ALirH^)U^~O^3 ; L^AT r wT?H
»» 2 or 3 bedrooms and servant's room, well fur-
nished except I table -and bed licien and blankets,
for 4 months from November 1; rent not more
than $45 per month: north of California su and
west of Van Ness aye. Address D. E. 8., P. O.
box 2328. .
BOARDING WANTED.
BOARD AND RUOM IN PRIVATE FAMILY',
Western Addition, by a gentleman. G., box
103, Call.
\\; ANTED— AND BOARD IN A PRI-
" vate family for a boy 13 years. State terms
and address R. 8., box 76, Call Office.
property wanted.
wanteTT^^mall improved farm
• T within 60 miles of San Francisco. Room 615,
Safe Deposit building, 8. F.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
W^^^A^T^D^G^O^liE^O^D^H^a^D^^AßFET
' » for parlors about 16x33. Address D., box 81,
Call. ' . _ ___ __
WANTED -^GOOD~ TALKING PARROT;
must be cheap. PROLL & CO., 719 Market.
Y^LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133^ Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth sU; send postal.
. EDUCATIONAL..
TfmENT^HTsP^CNIS^E^cT^pToTDTFILTppiE^S
X? Academy of Languages, 32o Post strestab'd 1871
ME. MELVILLE SNYDKR, 715 POST ST.;
vi cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday, 8 p. if.; $1.
EaLD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
St.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc.; 20
teachers; 15,000 graduates; catalogue.
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery st,; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta;
life scholarship $50; low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
I- ELASGO'es LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
A-» Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
. 0 chanlcal engineering, snrveving, architecture-
usaay: estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
I ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
i literature. MISS FAOEN, 427 Setter sU
"VfISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
i-'X sU: board; Eng., French, Per., piano; $30 ma
LMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN BAN-
JO. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNU, WRITNU, AKITHMTC. GKAJIK
day <fc night: noclaases: $5 month. 846 Mission
pßOi\ LOUIS MERKI: VIOjIIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. PowlL,
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano.slnglng,French:s3ma R. 14. 1002 Polk
MR. A M US. KOIAM.ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin. guitar, banjo. 935 Market «t.. npp. Mason
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A £sTORY BUILDING. CORNER OF
■tx. Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
$3. $4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month; the best of every grade from lowest
pr.ces to Stein way Baby, Parlor and ' Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments T every
piano guaranteed ; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included; 'no charge for dray age: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY <& CO., cor. Kearny and Sutt«r sta.. also
OaKland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CARLOAD
X lots and for cash, and being In my own build-
ing, with co rent to nay, I can offer any one desir-
ing an instrument better value for less money than
any other music house in San Francisco; investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY SCOTT, 626
Hayes St. . .
A CTUaLLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
-n. anos; see our list for this week; pianos on $3,
$4, 85, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in th» city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason. '■
N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND BEC-
ond-band pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices: remember
ours is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLER & CHASE, 28
O'Farrell su, San Francisco.
LEGANTUPKIGHT PIANO: VERY CHEAP.
Storage Warehouse, 211 Larkin st.
T/IINE PIANO AT LOW RENT. INQUIRE OF
JW. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St. . . '
PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, OBLIGED TO DIS-
X pose of a fine Hardman piano, offers it at about
half cost. Flood building, room 12, 809 ManceU
KETIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS ATA
XV sacrifice to promptly close out stock: Knabe,
Haines and Bush <fc Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT <&
CO. 324 Post su - ' ■ .
IX MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
- prices, pianos, to rent and for sale cheap at
MAU VAIS , 769 Market st. '
$i 1 A A STANDARD UPRIGHT; COST $475;
<IPXIV/. on $5 installments. 221 Leaven worth.
YV ANTED — CHEAP SECOND-HAND UP-
"' right or square piano; cash. R., box 72, CalL
©1 £.A BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
<gjX-JU. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
AGNIFICENT STKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
m Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
GOO UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CASH.
BCHM 16 McAllister, next HiDernia Bank.
WG. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR HALLKT
.& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac" to
/WHICKERING, STBCK.VOSB. STKR-
V ling pianos: see our new piano lor $187; plaaoa
:or renu BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'FarreU.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMKit,
Newby A Evans. Bricgs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD & NEW
O H. Ml) LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN. AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United ;States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. .
DENTISTS.
pRWM^^E^TAITA^oTjrATIoN, 769 MarT
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; fill, Si up.
1 \R. 1 DLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., "
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new:
. teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
R. GtOSUE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction,
and patentee of ' Improved '■ bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'FarrellsU
10ULL SET OF TEETH. $7; WARRANTED
x five years: extraction, -50c.: fiilincs, . 50c.-
-crowns, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth!
T7URST-OLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
x prices; first-class results: painless extraction-
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D., Gutter
R.L. T. KAN L— EXTRACTION PAINtW
crown work, bridge work end teeth wltaoat
plates a specialty. 103 Geary sU. cor. Grant ays.
Cj7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED Ad"
,«Ip I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMd.
dentlsu 930 Market su. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS . EXTRACTION. 60? CROW V
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 un; 13vearj
experience. R. L. W ALaH. D.D.S.. 815 Gear?.
ALL WORK TO SUIT TIMES;WARRANTFd"
DR. KEA, 1370 Market su, front City HalL
DH. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BO-
cnanan: gas given: crown and bridge wort
LL WORK REABONABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market su -
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A rUATK. "* *
O. YOUNG. 1841PolksU AfI^ XJW ""■ "■
j K. J. J. LEEK. 120« MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
<j»to aye. eveningy Sundays till noon.
'' ATTORNEYS- AX-LAW.
A." ally; private; no charge unless successful aU
tow suits, claims, collection,, wills. deedsTetcL at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 MarlteL
N1 AH rti F * FLOOD \ LAWYER, 636 PA RROTT
XJ building; consultations free; moderate fees.
XK 1 0 rotm & J^^, LUOLM ' ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott bulldins: (Emporium).
_. FH ' ItSIC!IANS - .T . ■ ■.- '
DR. C. C O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, COR.
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 year*
anccessf ul practice is a guarantee of fair treatauuu:
me worst cases treated satisfactorily by niiuL
writers; ~
pALIORAPH, $15, $35: • $3oPkem>
. V;lngton, $50. SCOTT & 8., 333 Montgomery su
_ ■ *^ Di * BU
PEBSONAXS. _ . __ L
RAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. FOR BALKS
IX also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in bank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, CaL
ARCOS. MAIL ME PAWN TICKETS AND
i»J keys and I will mail yon $10; no questions
asked. ■:;. " ■■'. :-. : - ■* •' '-"'-■-■ '•■'.■ ■ ■ ■ ■' '- - -- '
— A LOON MAN WHO GOT BEAT LEAVE
" address at 434 Jessie st at once. . :
— 55; thorn PSON, CHIROPODIST and
manicure. 101 Grant aye., room 10.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WOULD LIKE TO
meet widow who has a room to let. Address
H. P.. box 112, Call.
T) ETURNED— MME. ROLAND, TEACHER
XV French language. 765 Market st., room 15. •
T ADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GENTLEMAN
XJ partner; small capital required. 9 Powell, r. 7.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A sPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 85OMarketst.
T DRESS HAIR FOR. THOUSANDS OF LA-
X dies every, month; everybody satisfied; how
can they help being satisfied when they get such
good work for only 25c? I use "Quinonia" Hair
Tonic. 35c a bottle, Q. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MYRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLORS;
manicuring; halrdrnssing. 1362 a Market, r. 8-
QUITS CLEANED AND PRESSED, $1. 28
O Montgomery st., rooms 13 and 14; tel.red 2374.
ADY (STRANUER) " DESIRES GENTLE-
man partner; $26 capital. R. 2. 122 Post st.
"DURNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
X-» corns, bunions, warts: 26c. 327 Montgomery.
\\T ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" work from the country solicited; estimates
given; articles returned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partington. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Plna.
ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
. Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rm3. 45-46; ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order ;flt guaranteed :low prices
riIHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate TaUor-
Ing Company, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth. i
■rpRUNKB DELIVERED 25C. BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; teL Grant 67.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 i*. Market su,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco. CaL
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs. etc.. removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 TurK, nr. Leaven wort
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPKCIALIY: FINK
edge put on razor, 26c. Razor Exchge,63oMarket
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st,, upstairs.
TJIG OUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON SHOW EVK-
i» 17 night cor. Market and Sixth sts. .•'artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of bus:-
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market it.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 pec
week; free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKW*
elry. etc. : lowest ratae. S4B Market st.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 43 3a. cor. Jessie.
DRESSMAKEKS.
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35c TJP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma sU, above sixth.
T ADIES. TO YOUR ADVANTAGE. CALL
J■' at BRADLEY'S. 416V4 Geary su; elegant
stylish dresses made: $5 up; dresses made over.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY,
QCLENTIFic^ASTROLOGY— AIXEVENTs"oF
O life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected by my method: success guaranteed:
oil and minerals located by the science. DR. ST.
CLAIR, 916 Market st., room 26: hours 9 to 7.
KNOW THY DESTINY; THE HEAVENS
can lift the magic veil of the future; horc ■
scope, $1. PROF. MONROE, box IS. Call Office.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
p ITANA, THE GYPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST.;
VT truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, coma
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
ARRIVED— GREAT CLEOPATRA,
•a whose wonderful Egyptian astrological and
French clairvoyant cards will tell your whole life;
ladies 25c; gents 50c. 135 Hayes St., nr.Van Ness.
M~MK7~PORTEB, WONDERFUL CLAIR VO Y-
ant, card- reader, born with a don veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk su, nr. Jones. .
■VI ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
i" past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th st.- r. 6.
YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
Seventh to 11 Stockton : ladies 26c: gents 50c.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given: 26c up. 6 Fourth.
"jl/f ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
■l'l husband, wife: ladles 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; KEVEAI3
past, present, fntnre: 25c up. 764 Howard st,
\f ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURB
-"X husband, wife; ladles 25c, 50c. 914 O'FarrelL
T UCKY MEDIUM; CABD-READER ; PALM-
XJ Ist; love, marriage, etc.; ladies 25c. 243 Ship,
ley St., near Fifth. ~-j ■•: - V;
TM ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELL 3
X»J past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
ME. LEGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
fntnre; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT; 25
_yrs_Kf»rny._ now 929 Post: fee »1; letter $2.
SPIRITUALISM.
qo£ mcallister — MRS. c. J. meyer-
OZjU test meeting} every night; 10c; Tue &
Fri. 2 p.m.; business sittings dally at above No. $1
rpHE WORLD-FAMED MME. CALDWELL"
X clairvoyant, reader and healer. 821 How.
ard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
UENA VISTA GIVES SITTINGS TO LADIES
only at 872 Mission, near Fifth; test circle to-
night; 10c.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: lOc! MME-
XYOUNG, 605 McAUlster: all skeptics Invited.
/SON OHITA, CARD-READING; PAST.'PRES.
\J ent, future. 821 Howard st.. room 15.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaT&
. writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 p. it
M R f" , KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM.
i-TX sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak su
HOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET; SEAN-"
ces Tuesday. Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 daily.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM AND VITAL MAGNETISM:
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also how to hypnotize Instantaneously
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and student* of
scence interested in fes therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials:correspondence solicited. Call or ad.
dress Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute, 6 O'Farrell.
'__:_ MEDICAL. •
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
.v. from irregularities and diseases peculiar to.
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment*
never falls: perfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them,
well; travelers helped immediately; prices tosiiit
the times: home in coußnement. DR. & MRS.
DAVIES. 14 McAllister st.. next Hibernla Bank-
coi'sult free; French regulating pink pills, $2:
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. I*. and 7 to 9 p. it *
ALL CASES .OF IRREGULARITIES RK-"
stored in a few hour*: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate 'phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY' used; ladies: consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation tree and confidential
MRS.' PR. WYETH, 916 Post su, near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. NSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed :
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on i
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
Xj royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mail-
nt druggist's. Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia.*
SURE CDKIt FOR ALL FEMALE d"ls£
eases, from whatever cause; home ie confine-
men: ; every comfort:, satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 226 Turk su
B. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
do chance; separate home for patients;. best skill*
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister st. *
LPrJAC'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure;. (2 50 express C. O. D.; don'tdelav
until too late. . OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
RS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BeT
tore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaint* or
irregularities successfully. s- 419 Eddy su
KS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 26 years' experience, 666 Mia-
aion st>
IK IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI^EASX!
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content 254%^!t£
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET NEAR
_ Jones. Diseases of women ana children!
P CR V^NC H K ! i. il ul« CONFINEMENT. MBA
- * U^CKj^_l4l6 Kighth St.. Alamwla.
_^_^ I.OST. "
L°M T I L P MONOGRAM
»m^K^y h a^% > 3fflg»g retarnlnB
L°4 T vTn A PA f;^KWITHTHE HIBERNIA
thi Ss f a^^C° an society of San Francisco. in
Th«Snn? °^.. N ? HA =• CONNORS, NO. 176,863.
fhe finder will please return to bank. ;■ __
L° t f J-LA"^ 'S BOUND BRKASTPIN. BB-
XJ turn 121 Post at., room 43; reward,'■■ . : BUSINESS CHANCES.
SO'/Vji SALOON WITH 19 FrKNIsHKD
->uu. rooms: close to Baldwin Hotel: rent
Sl'.'O; 3 years' lease; best chares ever offered: in*.
vesUgaic. WILKK, 631 California st.
pARTi IX~"piTNT AM) CARPENTER
X shop; from $500 to 5.700 cash needed; lone es-
tablished: large contracts: knowledge of business
not necessary; ofiice worlc WILKK. 531 California
IHA GROCERY AND BAR WITH LlV-
*_s_LUv/. ing rooms; doing good business; low
rent: choice location, close to Market St. WILKK
it WOLF, 531 California at. - ■ ' ■ '
<£ 1 ~;i'11 \ BARROOM; CLOSE TO BALDWIN
0 I O\'\J Hotel: straight 10;- bar: long lease:
flrs:-cI»S3 day and night trade. WILKE, 631
California st. _;__
O_QXn PAKTNER WANTED IN BUTCH-
iS)OO\J. er-shop; 8 mils* from city; rooms; tow
rent; average 4 cattle sold per week; r are chance
for right party. WILKK, 631 California st.
T ODGIN«-HOUSE OK 46 ROOMS, WITH SA-
XJ loon established years; lease; low rent; very
beet location; rarest chance 'or German man and
wife. WILKE, 531 California st. v_
wfW\ HKBTAURANT ON KKaRXY ST.;
C <-'*'"• actual value $1200; rent $50: owner
called East on account of sickness. \V ILKE, 531
California st. - ... .•': .. - , ? ;
A TTENTION! -.SO: SALOON AND LUJfCH-
A house with 2 living-rooms: rent $2U* sur-
rounded by foundries and warehouses: actual
value, $600: owner sick in German . Hospital.
W| LXX, 531 California st. ■
CM HA ATION 1 V -AND CIGARS; DO-
»~"i' 'U. inn nice business: fine locality on Mar-
ket St.; low rent; must be sold immediately: fullest
investigation; tine buy for the money: see It. T.
LfJBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
A LOON; CORNER; ESTABLISHED 16
years: No. 1 localilv; opposite carhouse: low
rent: long lease; tine living apartments: fsuitable
for a r roadbouse or hotel ; this is a money-making
■place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
<st'-?^n SALOON WITH FOUR FINE Li V-
is>OO\J. ing-rooms and bath, doing good busi-
ness: cbeao rent; tine locality; fine business for
the money. _T._LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
QtTOft ONK OF THK FINEST RE3TAU-
•3? I \J\J. rants in city; good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full Investigation:
reason .for sailing, owner moving Into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will and on investigation all that is claimed for it:
tDis is a rare chance. T.H.TBELSKI. 7 i ity Hall ay.
"% £ "l 0 SAL| OOX AND RESTAURANT: OR
<jpVtJ\J. will take partner; the finest chanc«
ever offered; fine locality, cheap rent and good
business: T. T.UBELsiq, 7 City Hall aye.
DO VOTJ WANT A GOOD SALOON? CHEAP:
fine trade: stock and fixtures: low rent: 4
rooms: well furnished: one of the best patronized
halls in this city; this is an actual sacrifice, so
stick to tee adage of the early bird catcbing the
worm. MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market si.
ft^Afl FI.ME BRANCH BAKEKY, fcTA-
<£J— •"v/vf. tionery and notion store: showcases
and shelving complete: doing fine; low rent; sacri-
flce: sickness. MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 -Market.
~!i;||n SALOON; DANCE RUNNING UP-
■ *4p-\J\J\J. stairs 3 nights week: low rent: splen-
did opportunity for riulit party to make a fortune;
sell at once. MYKRB & GRAHAM. 777 Market.
("> 1 »>": HOUSE 7 ROOMS; FULL OF BEST-
■%p I -' > • paying tenants; low rent: pick location:
splendid investment for small capital: see this I
to-day. MYKKS & GRAHAM, 777 Market St. -■
S k )(\(\ OYSI'KK-STAND IN LARGE MAR-
— \J\>. kct with splendid cash trade, includ-
ing sole agency of rapid-selling article: a chance
of a lifetime. MYKKS & GRAHAM. 777 Market.
VOX BARGAINS IN SALOONS, GROCERIES
" £ and bars see (iL's STH AND. 45 Third st.
."MOTICE— DON'T MISS THEhK BARGAINS.
Xi Saloon, 3 rooms, pays well, price $350
Corner grocery, and bar, 4 rooms sti3T?o
Cor. saloon. Kearny st., clearsslso mon:h..slBoo
Grocery and bar, clears $76 per month. *750
Restaurant, clears $50 per month $175
Branch bakery, 4 rooms, $175
Corner cigar-store, clears $50 per month $250
LodKing-iiouses, price* from $150 to $4000
To buy or sell, see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
<S«QAA< PaRTNEK WANTF.I) . IN . MEAT
«53vJV/V.'. market: sure to clear $300 month: fine
corses, wagons, etc. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
ttgl <■)' BARBER SHOP ON MARKET ST.;
<iT>L-.0. make offer. GUS STRAND. 45 Third.
OTELTO LKASKFuR A TKti M > >1- V r..\ KS;
new b-story and basement b Ick building, '
containing 98 rooms: also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block
north of Market st., and oil" block from Baldwin
Hotel and Emporium building; newly furnished
throughout: furniture - for sale on reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to S. SIL-
VERBEi.G. 320 Sansome St., room 39.
OK SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
S: Hshed liquor-saloons In the city, together with
.a good stock of liquors and glassware';' bar fixtures
in fine order; has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for sellin.™. Ad-
dress for particular- M. M.. oox 100. CaH Cfß:e. "
St Wild TEAMING AND EXPKE.-S BUSI-
-«_?(JV7l_f. ness: doing hauling :or two wholesale
produce commission houses and two shipping
agents; clearing $176 to $250 per month; has two
large American horses, four larg^ wagons; this is !
one or the best openings in the city for an active |
man. . GKO. .STEWAKI, 602 Market st. .- - ■
YAKIETY-STORE; FINEST LOCATION IN
> Hay wards; good trade: will aell for $800 or
invoice; otutr business cause of selling; call and
investigate. FfvHOOSUN, ' Hay wards or apply
at Call Office. w^
IF YOU TIAVK A PATENT OR INVENTION
of any kind for sals cr need capital call at Hall
of Inventions, Academy of Sciences - building, ]
room >•:, third floor; op:n evenings.
ADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKK GEN-
J tleman partner to help purchase !ine-es:ab-
lished business: will furnish eaual amount money;
capital required $1500. X.. box 15, Call Office.
BICYCLE-STOKE AND MACHINE-SHOP;
well established; complete stock of bicycles,
sundries, tools, vuicaniz^r. oven, etc.; Opportunity
J'or a machinist. 1113 Market st.
QOXj'iA BEST- PA ING BUSINESS "jf-
,_ ♦J,)V'U. vestment in San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc: established 1839; must be sold.
Addre«s P.. box 35, Call Office.
ELL-KUUIPPED SALOON.: BILLIARDS j
and cardrooms, corner Bush and Montgomery :
doing good business: no reasonable offer refused:
■owner has other business.
1~"OR SALE— HALF INTEREST IN OLD-
establlshed corner liquor-store and bar: near
City nail. Call at 103 Powell st. HILiJEKT
BROS. . . ,
•31JO11 STATION KRY, NOTIONS, CIGARS,
•iD"IVyV/. etc.: will sell by inventory-, connected
with leading hotel Market st. HEALY.S3 Kearny.
\\' ANTED— ACTIVE MAN TO BUY HALF- i
*» interest ana rdaiiasre business: wilt pay $150 !
per month: $2vO required. Apply 8 Kddy, rm. 31.
OX AVERAGE WEEKLY NET I.>COJ£E
tJJM >) $250 invested: safe, conservative; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1*93 Broadway. N.v.
* 'i' AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. > OWAN BUY*
-T- stores; negotiates mortgaces on merchandise;
"■Us on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
Y'ULLY EQUIPPED PRINTiNO-OFFIi'K; JOB |
X and book work; cost $5000: sell $.000: receipts
$500 month. Address A. A., box 15, Call Office.
ANTED— PARTNER IN A SAFE AND
'» rapidly extending busines*: must iinve at
least $16,000. Apply W. P., box 62, Call Ofll-je.
(<•>: f) BUTCHER -.-.HOP: (lIKAP FOR
O_-»JU. cash; fiist-class location: low rent; best i
' chance offered in city. Apply Call Ofllce.
/'i ROCERY AND Baß FOR SAL*!: KEPT BY j
'vT present owner -for eleven years; price $600. j
SW. cor. Twenty-sixth and Bart lett sts.
QS SALE— ON B OF THK OLDKST SA- j
JC. loons in the city: Battery and Pacific Call I
early; se. owner from 10 to 12 a. m.
r&97t saloox: living - rooms and j
•_— • O. cigar-stand: near Market st.;moie than !
value in Riant. App y Call Office.- :
"DUTCHER, WHO IS A I SO A BUSINESS
-L) man. can buy a half interest in well-equipped
market at 1105-1107 Mission st. ,
OLD- ESTABLISHED CIG~AK-STOKE, FiNE-
ly located, for sale on account of leaving the
city. Call at 206 Third st. . . ■ ■
1O A GEAKY ST.— PAYING BAKERY,
•~"1— "- laundry office; 30 chickens. KOOi-
MAN, 978 Howard St. .
/lENTLEMaN PARTNER WANTED BY
■vT lady: business clearing $150 month. Room
15, 765 Market st.| . ,
'L^oksalk— laundry ROUTE. St. NICHO-
X; las Laundry, Seventeenth si., near Fo'som,
bet. 9 and 10 a. si.
TO BUY OX- SELL A POULTRY RANCH OR
business of any kind see E. HIIL, 997 Market
8., room 5. • : ,
<2££.(\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR.
i£)O\J\J. with liviug-ruom; low reni. C. G., box
142, Call Office. •
BAKERY AND NOTIONS; NEAR VALES-
cIa-st. depot; good business; bargain. Apply
Call Office. ; -..'-"■ ■- •
v tH.M-AI-r.i: iioUi'K IN INTERIOR CITY.
- i-> close to .San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. _.
ALOuN; LONG LEASE; LOW KKNT. AP-
ply at Union Brewery. Eighteenth and Florida.
Of i ii' branch" BAKERY" candy-'
OJ _-»>. store; rent $15. , SKIFF, 931 Market.
<_» I t\r\ RESTAURANT; MUST BE >OI.DBY
ij 1 UU. the 25th; good reasons- 1135 Market.
ADY FROM EAST DESIRES GENTLEMAN
partner; small capital. 86.y 3 Market, r. 12.
OUTE ON" EXAMINER FOR SALE. IN-
qnire at 121 9 Guerrero St., near Twenty-fourth.
»_?£!iiA GHOCEKY A>D BAR: >INK COR-
COI'U. ner: must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market
TO LET— RESTAURANT, FUKNIBHED;
1 doing good business. Apply a. m. 240 Drumm.
ENTLKMAN PARTNER (G X X M .A X)
Lr wan ed oy a lad y; 18 Ma.on St.. room 2.
T WANT A COFFEE « A LOON: STATE LOCA-
-1 tiou and par.lcular.. I. R.. box 93. Call. ,
morn COFFKE SALOON; PAYING Wr LL.
«j)_.oU. Apply 27^4 suiterst. ...■.- ■ ■
ANDY-»TORE AND FACTORY: A BAR-
gain; gf O I stork. Apply Call Office.
/ \<>r.St.H G itOCJs.lt Y AND BAK; Nti OPI'OSI-
V.' tion: no agents. , Inquire at CsllOfHce.
TVf KRCHAXDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
lX bought by J. C. MUTHEB, 632 Market, rm. 2.
T ADY FROM CUBA DEBIRKS GENTLEMAN
•M partner; small capital. 9 Powell su, room 7. .
BUSINESS CHANCES-Continued.
HTfS « a 1 oonTT ROOMS UPSTAIRSr 1■ I
111 ■ »7 * furnlB " e( daUy receipts $8 to $10: I
c-l>lr^np» t^ lu ' crlflce " this week to cash buyer, i
TEN BERG A: CO., 632 Market st. "
,^f)000 SALOON,- MARKET ST.; BEST I
*£<J\J\j\.r. fitted up place on the coast: 2 cash !
registers, safe, eta ; laise stock of best quality on <
hand; low rent;: business will speak for itself; :
more than value . in sight; owner made fortune
and Is retiring. STKNBEKG CO.. 882 Market st.
TJIGHKST CASH PRICK PAID FOR FUR-
-"-nlturen, restaurants. saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
1 lady of n>me means. 1 Fifth St., room 12.
LADY DKteIKES A GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
$35 capital. 12 Mason St.. room 2.
I^OK SALE— A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CALL
L at ll4O'Farre Ist.; H. HAAR.
FINK SALOON; GOQD DAYAND NIGHT
£ trade. 817 Kearny. ,
A LOON TO LET. 829 HOWARD ST., BET. !
Fourth and Fifth. j
KOUIK SALK ACROSS THE BAY. ' IN-
diiin- at Call Office. . ■
LODGLNC-HOHSKS FOB SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS --
— — * — THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS — - — —
27-room house. *700| room house.... $500
. 30- room house. 1501 24 rooms, corner.. 750
65 rooms, cor.. 3,000 14 rooms onSutter 700
11 must sell 200 66 rooms, best city. 3,500
15 rooms, new. 1,250 31-roora House. 1,400
27 rooms, new. 1-5,000 110 rooms, corner.. B,ooo |
COO rooms.hotel. slo.ooo l 11 rooms, only 7.")
35 rooms.centrl 2,600 10 rooms.Jones St. 300
—I SELL AN!) EXCHANGE REAL K^TATE—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS —
H. C DICKER. 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth. . ,
I A KOOMS, 812519 ROOMS. $750
J \f 45 rooms 526 60 rooms. 2,000
14 rooms. Sutler. 600 22 rooms 450
66 rooms, line... 8,2501 12 rooms 225
132 rooms, new. ...7.500 184 rooms 1.500 !
UNDERWOOD & CO., 765 Market St.
pORNER HOUSE, 45 ROOMs, ON SUTTER
\J St., clearing $200 per month above expenses:
rent $125 : death In family cause of sale. WILKE)
631 California st. ...
'SiUnfl LODGING- HOUSE: 23 ROOMS;
t&O\J\J. good furniture and carpets; clears $75. |
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
T ODGING- HOUSE, 9 ROOMS: RENT $20:
XJ water free; good location. B. 8., box 119,
______________________Z!_L________
Ql^fjO 8 WELL-FURNIHUED ROOMS; 1
(JivU. block from Baldwin Hotel. Apply Call.
©zl^A 20 K< OMS: FULL; RENT $35;
~p-±UU. soap. See SKIFF, 921 Market st.
L UKNISHKD HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
T $300 to $10 0 <>■ I'HKI.PS A 1 0..»17 l.arKin.
i L KMTUBE FOE SALE. ~~
],UHti SALe!
X? Prices suutd till goods an completely dis-
posed of. .
Oak bed sets.. $ISVI
Bedlounges , , 8 )}
stoves 753
Carpets, per yard, 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
J Matting, per yard...;... ............'. 1!)
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting buslneii
nt SE. comer bevenlii _ud Mlssioa t>w*. i. ■
NOON AN.
Ann CAKPIiTS: CHAMBER SKIS, $14;
n\J\J stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bur out! T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. t?oU
_A lowest prices on household c°ods. uew or
»»iipw:(h«ii or riino nn»n «>vi»nln««.
FIKMTIKt; WANTED. ~
i 77a 11 PAID for ENTIRE HOUSES OR
.\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
; BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal.
>rO SKLL FU rtN ITUKK To AD VANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVKRSTKIN.969 Howard st. :send postal
"OUCKINUiIAM FUrt->ITUKK CO. PAYS
X> highest price for mrnlture, carpets, eta; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
INDIA A AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS Til M.
XJ. SIMMONS' auc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
CARPET CLEANING.
A~~D V Aa' CE~ "CA 'RPKT"cLEA NING~CO^~4Oa
Sutter, lei. Main 894. 8 S. FKRGUSON.mansr.
ONES & CO.. MAIN OFFICE . % £i AJJD £7
. Elebth st.: tel. Jessie 10t>l.
»_>C A YARD AT GKKAT TERN CARIMiT
0 Oanlng Works. 11 Kignth st.
1 ■ Hi'Kl 1 CLEANING, So: LAYING. 8c: KCU
V samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton. 198 th as.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTKD WITH
* » poor work send to SPA ULD I NG'SPioiieer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353- J7 Tehama »t. ; tel. So. 40.
/AONKLIN'SCARPKU' EtATING WOKKa. jJi
\.J <>o4<len (Sate «ye. : telephone east 136.
I I MIX 6>il£AJlCAliPl-;TCiut.Ar<il.NCi,Ri£NOVA-
I l^ tine. 38 Bth. hTKVKK.S. mirr. Tel. south 251
I ( AWK'M-' CLJSANKD AMJ itK.N'UVATKU
! V^ like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth: t_
bomh 30. . p. mackintosh A en, enccessori. .
i ~ji ; *-. MITCIIEUL CAHJfK'I' LLtA.N ING CO.. Hi
>i . 14th st.:cleanlnz 3c a varrt. Tel. Mission 74.
BICYCLES.
FX u^TD^H^«irißA ß?7Tl^s7^RA
O $30: Barnes, $55; Ben Hnr, Ladles', 850: Fow-
I ler, $55; Ladles' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DA VIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
TTIUH-GRADE 2D-HAN D WHEKLS $25 UP;
XX sundries below cost. 216 McAllister.
"V- ERY FiNii '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. KAWLEY. 318 Market St.
PARK CYCLERY— SKWWHEBLS TO iJIT;
X best ; accommodations. Terminal vieary, Mo-
Alliater ana Powell st- rmt lln<><.
1-Oli SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
pl"knl)id^~oa klan d^ rest a v r ant":
will take clear residence property; bargain.
I Box 510. Oakland, Cal.
I'Uli SALE— F URN ITURE AND APPLI-
X auces of small hospital. Apply 16-0 Broadway.
ij>Oß SALE— BUFF BKRGER TRANSIT;
X nearly new. EDWARD, 530 California st.
VriGH GRADE GUITAR; CHEAP. I6y a SUM-
XX ncr 5t. ... . ■ " , .
V A'FT< JNA~L CASH REGISTER, COST $200
II will sell for $100. R. NICHOLS, 1191 Market.
O FRKBH FAMILY COWS FOR CALK. AP-
; — ply 421 Eighth aye., near Point Lobc>.j.
Ron sAXift— rwo ' beautiful Spanish
X poodle pups (pet dogs). Apply at 224V_ O'Far-
rell si. -.•■".. " . .
TL»OR SALE— BEAUTIFUL FANCY PIGEONS
X cheap. 841 Castro st. ■
rpHOKOUGHBKED ENGLISH MASTIFF
X pups for sale cheap. ■ 957 Market st.
TKW^LMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BES'fl
» \V. H. KAY MFG. CO., California st.
BARS, ■ SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
ing. etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
pOKFEE JilL~l, SCALES, LETTER PRtSS
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. ■ Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES A.NDRAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First St.,
I near Mission. ■■--■' ■ ■ ■ ■
PLEA DID KEMINOTO.S TYPKWKITKtt,
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK. 409 Cal.
0 OILKRS, EKOU«KS,2D-HAMIJiIACHISKBy,
1) traten>lne*. ' Mclntosh & Wolpman. 187 Beale.
'. OU^TKBSI bilKi>Vl>ii, fciiOWCAoKd
ban bough: sold. 1121 U, M&rkt.bet 7th<fcBth
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 60 up; repairing; open
evenings- S. f. Baby Carriage MU. Ca . 442 Sixth.
0 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
& glne; good as new: $90. Apply 216 Bay st.
•..UILDINGS BOUGHT: MBER7~SASHfcS~
' ' doors. mantelw. etc. f'»r wale. 1166 Mission.
Mi Aii!.iJiL4l A.sl» LAKUB SIZjS
tiro rid »jnrz!.-r proof snf». 09. 11l Markm «-.
SEWING.; MACHINES.
LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED?
rented, repaired: lowest rate*. lO. r > Fourth Rt.
houses.
IKIBoXDTHA^rNKMS^COfiTpXNY; WOO^SETS
J of good ' harness, oar own ; make, of every de-
scription, tor loss money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 1 10 McAllister st , S. F.
FORRE-TER, (SALESMAN— 2O DRIVING
. and work horses: all horses bought and gold
on commission; i sales | can be made at reasonable
terms according to times. 426 Valencia st.
rjTHK EMPORIUM BALKS YARDS, 220 VA-
L lencla st., is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or : exchange horses, bugsles, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
r/i HKaD DRIVING WOKK HOKSKS;
D\J weight 1000 to 1700 . 862 Howard st.
1 C/\ NEW AND SECOND HAND HAK-
.LOU ness, all kinds; wagons, Duggles, surriys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. ■ IV2S Mlssioa i.
I AI'.GE YOUNG, DKAFTHORSES; HALTER
1j broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 6SO Commercial.
:(\|| bi-.T MiW A.NJJ S.J-COND-HAND HA 14-
O\)\j nes<: nil kinds: buggy.wacon, carts, surrey
iscrockawav; 40 cheap horses. 1 6th and Valencia.
Ai\ hOKßiio * OK, bALi-.; ALSO, WAGONS.
iv buggies, carts, harness; • Grand Arcade Ham
Market, 327 Siz,h st. unction sales every Wed__f
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGKS. .
VfEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS^LAUN-
JLi dry, milk and - grocery wag-ms: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
\rEW«fc*>ECCND-HAND WAGONS;BAKEHY.
x\ laundry and delivery; cheap. 414 Broadway.
1, OR SALJv. AT :KA.VriSK.V PRICES. FINE
I carriages of every description;, cash, notes or
■ installments. ' Cervlli Mfg Co.. 46-48 Bth St.. S. F.
PROFESSIONAL. ;• CARDS.
TOHN E. ICH A RDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
O 26 ■ and . 27, Crocker.' building; , telephone Main
76, Kan Francisco. Cal. '":. '.'-'.: '
I OHN K. AiTKEN AND MAURICE L. A SUE It.
0 attya at law, rota 510, 5 16, s iii _oor,l'axro» bid*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
; v>; HOUSES TO LET. I
Q>T~(- 111 ERIE ST.; 7 ROOMS ANDB^TH; j
(IT XU. newly papered . and painted throughout ;
large yard; cheapest rent." ln town: water free. J
Apply B. MCELROY. 4 rhelan building. . '
TTOUSE NINE BOOMS: FURNISHED OH UN- ]
XX furnished; conservatory: tiled bat nrcom;
erouiuis; 1 en; low to responsible tenant. 434 Bart-
lett st., nenrTwenty-m'ih. . :>»-•;:.-•
('-[ 9 FKLL—SUNAY. HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS,
Ui- bath, basement, yard: good condition. . ■
©7' REDUCED FROM $90 — FINK NEW '.
*?<«->• and modern residence of *lb v ' room*: 1 2 I
oaths, etc.; excellent location for private boerdln?-
house or residence: close to Van Ness and Post St.: '
a positive barsaln: liberal inducements to respon- 1
sible party. SHAINWALU.BUCK-EE.A CO.,
'2'iO Montgomery st. %-u ■•'*>». •'-; • :
1 Q1.,1 VALLEJO, NEAR GOUGH — NEW
XOXtL house: fine marine view; 10 room* and
hath: modern improvements; rent very reason-
able to suitable tenant. ; _ • .-.- - »
T7LEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 BOOMS: MOD-
ij em improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Me- ■
AlllstersL .
y-STORVHOU-*EB ROOMS AND BATH $25
p and water. 525 Octavia St., near Hayes.'
fflfiOni 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
tJ><L\J. $14—1831 Union St.; hous« 4 rooms.
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money, at BALDWIN- <t HAMMOND'S. . 10
Montgomery st. ' — - < ■ ■ ' >'.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
OUSE OF 4 ROOMS; $14. 73 FEDERAL
St.. off Second, bet. Bryant and Brannan.
I r-ROOMEIJ HOUSE, FURMSHED Oil UN-
i turtiislit'il. 1312 Pine «t. . -■■-
COTTAGES TO LET.
p OTTAGE^o' "BOOMS £STy"aRD^
V, large basement; rent $15. 107 Germania St.,
near Fill more. .■
QUN.N v COTTAGES. 4 AND 5 ROOM^ ±.AIH,
0 yard and stable. Fifteenth and Dolores sts. "
.1 TO 6 ROOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES;
1 $10 to $15. BPECK tfcCO., 602 Market st.
1 -99 "Turk- COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO 3-
-1 <J_.'_j room rear cottage: large stable.
909 A MISSION— SPLENDID~COTTA(IE 8 !
i—< — *T rooms and bath: yard: flower garden: $18. |
flats TO let.
1 HBTiaTH-COBMIB 7~ROOMS, |
100 bath. . .'!■
"\TICK SUNNY COKNER FLAT: 7 ROOMS
IN and bath; $27 60, 333 Haight. corner Webster.
"IF YOU WANT A NICE SUN.NY FLAT. OR
X cottage, see me; I have some, nice furnished
j cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall &ye.
j 1 Q >TiiVENBON— HOUSE 9 ROOMS IN 2
, "1 it) flats, newly papered; painted; large yard;
$26, water free. i .-'. • '
,'1 GUERRERO. CORNER TWENTY-
Ox fourth— 4, 6 and 7 rooms; sunny flats;
| 812, $16 and $18. ": ' ■■'. ■ ■
I (J_ 1 -: SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH, AND
t"! It), yard. 1724 Folsom st-, near Thirteenth, j
1 1 Q ASH AYE. OKF VAN NESS, NR. McAL-
-110 lister— Sunny lower flat, 3 rooms, bath.
L/LAT OF B LARGE ROOMS WITH . ALL I
{ I modern improvements. 2115 Howard bt., near !
| Seventeenth. ■ . |
I 5. I 7 NEW LIGHT BAY-WINDOW FLAT i
I 0 1 1 • & rms: bath, gas tubs. 909 Folsona.nr.6th.
EDUCED To *1«; NICE 4- ROOM FLATS;
12 and 22 Birch aye., off Larkin St., op;>. City
Hall; newly papered ana decorated. sIIAIN-
WALD, BUCKBKE & CO,, 218 and -1:0 Mont-
eomeryst.
9 LOVELY FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BAT
— gas; large vcrJs; in perfect order: 4 rooms,
$13; 6 rooms, $15; water free. 3928-3930 Nine-
teenth St., bet. Noa and Sanchez. .
V ICE SUNNY FLATS OF 4 OR 5 ROOMS AND
— bath: reasonable, B Dearborn st-, off .-seven-
teenth, above Valencia. ; - . .... /t •"■'
\A r ANTKD— '^OU GOOD TENANTS; R.JSNTS,
' ' from $10 up for fiats, cottages." SPICK &
CO., 602 Market St. - ■ ., r -^ ■
1 PLATS TO KENT ton VKRY LITTLE
| X money at BALDWIN & HAMMONDS, 10
I .Montgomery st.
; ai') . FLAT 4 ROOM*; # 21 RITCH, NR. FOL-
! tlrlO. som. Apply to H. PLANZ, 625 Geary »t,
TF YOU WA.NT TO RENT OR bELL A HOI
1 see OKO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.
PPJ--K Fi.AT OF 4 ROOMS A.ND BATH; 2
bay-windows; sunny side Lily aye. ; rent $14.
j 4181^ Uly aye. .
SUNNY FLATS: 4 AND 8 ROOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harrison, opu. 18th. . i
j TTPPKRFLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH; CELLAR; 1
; U opposite Lurline Baths. Key 1212 Larkin.
■ 91 70 FIFTEENTH ST., NEAR MARKET— I
j — 1 4 O sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $14.
ELEGANT FLATS NEAR CITY HALL; 4
and 5 rooms. 6 and 713 Grove st. -
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — THJ» I
-OL WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing. .
' HOUSEKEEPING HOOIIS. ~~
ibAT, 5 ROOJls'an'd BATH;"fINELY DEO
orated. 925 Greenwich st. ■
.r.ddy street.
91 Q EDDY— CONNECTING BOOMS, $9, JN
-flO rear: 2 single, sunny rooms, $8.
Q1 EDDV— B UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
Ox O private family; fine location; gas range.
Ql 7 EDDY-2~OR~3" ELY FURNISHED
OX I housekeeping rooms; private family.
~ Ellis Street.
r«QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— BAY-
UOt7 window; kitchen: water; gas stove; bath.
. ■ ft nth Street.
Ql A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
Olt room ana kitchen: bath; yard; no cull-
dren: $11. ..
O9"l FIFTH— CLEAN FURNlrsllEi' HOUdE-
O_. O keeping rooms. 2 $10. 8 $13. single $5.
V 1«1T Mrso.. '
_.1 Q GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
II «/ rooms; comple.e for housekeeping; $10
| upward.
ffi?99 \l\ FoR ADULTS; 5 KOOMS, BATH:
q| — — -«J'/. a: I necessaries; 2 beds; reference
required. 1917 Geary st.
C «.«_«„ oai« -»\«-iiue.
1 ~\l A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR-
XOX nisbed bay-window alcove; housekeep-
ing privileges: $10. .
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET- FURNISHED - ROOMS FOR
-Jt/ housekeeping; also single. • : .
liurriKou Street.
7QQ HARRISON— NICELY FURNISHED
I OO rooms for housekeeping; -no children..
iiuwiircl Street.
>7 A G HOWARD — ' RUNNY FRONT ROOM,
I _r U with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping;
rent $12. .
091 HOWARD — SUITE OF KOOMB FOR
O— L housekeeping; 2 beds; $3 a week. . '■ ■ .
£••)»» HOWARD-SUNNY SUll E OF P.OOMS
1 — — for light housekeeping, with bath, cheap;
also single rooms. . ...
1 1 A*") HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
XXtt^j keeping rooms: range; $10 to $12.
1 1 a A WARD— FRONT housekeeping
Ilit suites: MO and $15.
Jackson Street. - .•
Q9A JACKSON, NEAR MASON — ' FUR-
'JZ,\J ntsbed - sunny front, large housekeeping
room, $9; single $1. • ' 
■ oessle Street.
/» rf\ JESSIK — MIDDLK FLOOR: THREE
\jO\J nice rooms, yard and cellar; rent $12.
La ik 111 Street.
Q9£ LARKIN— 3 ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE
•)— * • keeping apartments; central. . . ■ ,
Lewis .*>treet.*^7___jyj{
1 £' LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR. NEAR POST— 3
ID unfurnished sunny upstairs rooms; 811.
itlttgoii Street. ,
Q9f» MASON— OR . FOUR ' NICELY
')— vJ furnished sunny housekeeping rooms, with
I bath. • -..-.■■■■■
J.iJi:i;i >iroo,,
£.£(* MINNA- LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
Orkl) rooms, com pie c for housekeeping.
•_»7 I MINNA, Nit. FIFTH— I SUNNY BACK
Oil bn.ement room; water, stove, closets; pri-
vate family. " :
J.IM.UII >•!-««..
QGAI MISSION— ROOMS FURNISHED; UN-
OU 1:; furnished; $5 up; for housekeeping; ■ also
others. -.-".. -.' ■ -;..:. ; •____-_
1 fl~\>~» AND 106.> . MISSION — CHEAPEST
X\JOO and cleanest 'housekeeping; and others.
1 K99 MISSION— FUUXSISHED ROOMS FOR
I •)— _j housekeeping: upper, flat, sunny rooms.
iMtiuma Street. :
7^l NATOMA.COR. KIGHTH-FURNISHED
. ("I or* unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
reasonable. ,•..•■. , • . > -- ; -'- '
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTA VIA—
Front and back parlor: furnished for hensekpg.
Aecond .Street.
J99 SECOND — BUNNY. V' ROOMS; HnUSE-
-1— _ keeping; water; bath: other room.i; $4 up.'
MXIM s r«-» . . ,
m SIXTH - ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
housekeeping; elegant ■ sunny suites and
. single rooms. -;. . -. ..-■..
9/1/1 SIXTH - 2 FINELY FURNISHED
_j .It: front rooms; complete; housekeeping; $14.
; . Sixteenth Street.
9009 SIXTEENTH , ST.. CORNER . HOW-
-• o \i£. ard— Two sunny ■ front •■ rooms - furnished
for housekeeping; 11. • —■• ■ ■->; " 7 - ' •■■
HOUSEKEEPING : ROOMS — Continued.
' ' Twenty -fifth ' Street;
1 r op TWF.NTY-FIFTH, FEW DOOHS EAST
LoJLXj of Castro— 2 sunny rooms suitable for
light housekeeping; bath and laundry; ladles
only: rent $6 month. - -.■:..— t ":
, Twenty-sixth Street. '
QQ~;~; TWENTY -SIXTH — FURNISHED
ODOO rooms for housekeeping, $8 to $10; single
$4 and $5. "■"■'"■"', ■. ■<•'; ■- - '
- ■ Valencia Street ~ ' -
1 1 Q-"", VALENCIA— EXTRA NICE HOUBE-
LLOO keeping rooms; unfurnished: 2 or 4: with
bath: sunny: rfaso'iahle
UOOMS TO LET. '
Clara Street.
"] b'A CLARA — 2 TENEMENTS, 3 OR 4
lUrt rooms each: $8. ■ ■
Devlsadero Street.
1 QQQ JJEVISADERO, COR. CALIFORNIA—
J 000 Elegantly, turnished sunny rooms. :
' '■'■i.ii(iy. I >tM»j.'. ,
A"I EDDY, COR. MASON— BKAUT,IFUL SUN-
Tl ny rooms; permanent and transient; tel.
Jessie I'll. ■■ - ■■■... ■- : ■
7. In EDDY — FURNISHED ROOM; RUN-
i LU ning water: lower floor: $5 per month. ...
1 O/l < 1 EDDY, COR. BUCHANAN— COZIEST,
1 _jttU cleanest, sunniest single room in town.
19 a n EDDY, CORNER BUCHANAN— ELE-
i^TU snnny front-suite; also nicely fur-
nished single room, cheap.
*-._uth ■ M'uo..
QHERMA. 1 * ArARTMEKT HOTJSK. 71* BTH
O. m., near Market: niriiiNhotl and nnfurnlsbnd.
A.. .in «•! -88..
TltJ? r.AMOS.\,' 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATRI
1 MART. msnacer— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnUbed: elevator: hot <& cola wa>r.
O9 I ELLIS, nkar TAYLOR— FOK best
O_j 1 lodeing we recommend the Kosedale House.
OQfi ELLIS— I LARGE FURNISHED ROOM
OO\J with all conveniences, $12: oue $3.
79 A ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
i _<U suitable for 1 or 2. . .
7»>l ELLIS— LARi.E (SUNNY ROOM; GAS;
I _j1 bath: suitable for two; rent $8. .;__
1 oibom Street.
QC 71. FOLSOM— SUNNY FRONT AND OUT-
-00 I j} Bide rooms, $5 and upward per month.
teary Siren;.
,-r-l Q GEARY— RENOVATED' AND NEWLY
c)J-Ofurn'd sunny handsome single
917 GEARY- S sUNNY ROOMS IN REAR;
_. I I cottage; key. premises. ' .
uougn Street.
1 CZn?\ GOUGH— LARGE SUNNY PLEASANT
IUUt) room; new furniture; board optional;
private family.
liuward Street. ■.
QQCB HOWARD — N WLY FURNISHED,
000 clean light rooms from $5 up: private.'. : •
07,1. HOWARD -~~~NKWJLY . FURNISHED
OIt: front rooms: $0 up. -
Jessie Street.
O7Q JESSIE.. NEAR FIFTH— FURNISHED
010 front room; only 85. ffrf-fthttflfl'Ti
1 uuue< streas.-
-9H7 ."ONES— THK \aX WINKr,": NJCW
—\J I management: eleeant sunny gnlte* and
HDgle; newly tnrnlshed: bath, «c. : $10 to SHU. .
».«»rnT.Mro«..
A BLINGTON HOUSE, 137 KEARNY —
- ' » Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
i nrhin s-.re»..
AOQ LARKIN-NICKLY FURNISHED AND
~tZ. O sunny rooms, suite or single; housekeeping
If desired. .
j.«lkr Mtea..
CUSTER, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— SIN
yj gle front room- and suites: 60c to $1 60 per
night: *3 to $8 per week: offices to let. , ■ ;
\ (M-.MHK JIDUnb, ltMi MARKt.T —
1 night, 8B« to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
jitAtiiiier Street.
99ni McAllister, opp. CITY HALL—
— —"'2 Large sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms; table fur offices; also 2 suites. >-.-.
A 99 McaLUHIi-H- LARGE SUNNY FRONT
i—— room: running water, gas. bath. ■
Minna Street.
f?K7 MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
VJU 1 furnished bay-window rooms; *1 per week.
-..••lon »►!«.«>•.
Z\A 7 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
iHI rooms by day. week or month, 25c to $1
per day. • ■ < • ■ . ,
lAOO MISSION— 2 ; NEWLY FURNISHED
L\JOO front rooms: also single rooms.
Fine Street.
QQO PINE, NEAR POWELL— NICELY FUR-
-000 nislied aulie: also single; entirely new. ;
Oil '.'PlNK— hURMSHED ROOMS IN NEW
Oi.l ly furnished flat; bath.
1 P;»^O PIN E — LA RGE BAY-WINDOW;
J.U-.U front room: also 2 Urge back rooms.
.. Post Street. ■
HO; POST— BUILDING 18 MOST TEX-
_-OU trally located; and has the best appointed
offices and apartments in the city: it has been
thoroughly renovated: every room laree, light and
arry: all modern conveniences, elevator, telephone.
71 •_> POST— BUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
I LO en suif or single, private bath. , \ -
i'owell Street.
919-214 POWELL (WILLISFORO— EN-
• — tlrely renovatea throughout; . newly fur-
nished rooms; en suite or single: terms reasonable.
9'i^ POWISLL — LARGE SUNNY CORNER
_«> room; new furniture: basement room: 86.
eeventn Street.
"I 49 SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
XT:— housekeeping; also single rooms. •■-.■-•
•;•' .->xth ■ Street.
OQ SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FIEE-
-00 proof building; all couvenlences; quiet.
Stockton Street.
Tj'UROPEAN (THE), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XU nlshed suites, $4 to $10 ;>lncle rooms. $1 BO to
$3 week; 60c to $2 night: hot and cold -running
water in every room: baths; e.evator: transient.
■ . ! '.i.«..i«r •'tree;.
9AO SUTTKR— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO $1 2f> to $10 wit; night 25c to $1 60: transt.
7AD BUTTER, COM. TAY LOR— ELEGANTLY
1 \JO newly furnished sunny rms; suite or single.'
1111 BUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
1111 rooms, suite and single; reasonable.
. „ Jiijlnr Streec.
1 (\Q TAYLOR— DOUBLE *' ROOMS,
1 \JO closets, etc, $2 per week; single, SI 26. - •
\ »ii iN«>BK Aveuue.
r;i Q VAN NESS AYE.— LARGE, SUNNY
OXO room and kitchen: »12. -;-■■!■
BOARDING AND ROOMS. 7 "
Q-l C VAN NE>S. NR. O'FARRELL— HAND-
OLO someiy. furnished suite; bath, dressing-
room adjoining; use of piano, parlor, etc.; superior
table: 'private family: flower garden; couple or
young men; fine location for physician: reasonable.
A] 9 KDDY— LOVELY SUNNY PAK,u,,»,
"J. — ' with board for 4 young men: 20 each.
OOM AND _OAKD IN RKSPKOrABLrTpRT
vale family: lady preferred; reasonable. 601
Dolores St., near Twentieth.
7 »> 7 .ELLIS — KL&OANTLY FURNISHED
(-> I parlors or single; use of piano; board op-
tional. '
71 9 POST— ONE - NICELY FURNISHED
I lii room, with board, suitable for two young
men; use of parlor and piano. $20 each.
p./Wk BUSH BT. - STUDENTS AND BUSI-
OXJ'J ness men can have firsi-class room and
board for $20 a month with private family; half a
block from California Hotel; reference given and
required.' • .<,.:-— . .
1 E (JO DKVIbADKRO— ROOMS
Jl O\'O with board: $20 per month. j
OTxiL BKKTJii«U, '«14 J>UHU-A FAMILY
hotel : references ytveu _ua it^uLred; tai j_oa-
irn convenience*. ' , .
' - STORES "TO LET. - "•• v
O'> CLKMO'HNA-SIOKE AND 4 ROOMS:
-«O bath fixtures; cheap rent. ...  v .
I ARUK STORE,. WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
Ji and show-windows; located 420 Suiter bt.
Apply to R. 3icKLRoY. 4 Phelan building.
■•■'•'••' OFFICES TO LET. - -
Stal oii oTHicit OFimv "ceeaF
cor.' Polk and Sutter; also rooms. 1141 Polk."
CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOHFF (L. AND
/ L. and G. buildinr— Sunny offices; light water
heat and janitor 'services; free: electric elevator-'
rent from $10 up. . Apply 422 California st. '
I.nNK OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST. ; SUITA-
I ' blefor unv business.' ' ;". ■'■* ' -■ ■■;.. ■.-. -..-.. ;
PKKCKKJ_»;iiUIL,DJN«,- 927 MARKET—
._ Elegant snnnv. offices. $12 50 up; elecirio-llght-
I beating and junltor service free. :- Apply at buUdlnz
nrw. U. UMBSEN A C 0.." 14 Montgomery M. . ~^-
-.". i -^'--"- ': TO LEASE. ~~ ~ r "
i*^oiT"RtNTF^ir7^KA^E^so^
£ cor. ■ Polk ' and '- Jackson - sts.: , rent $50 per
month. Address J. la.. 427. Sansomp st.. S. F. ■
. -.":. : :"",.' -: STORAGE. . ~~™
pTA»Osi TRUNlci£ AT>
£ vances, shipping. CHAd. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Poiu
j-?'. ;' CITY REAL ESTATE.
COL GETZ A BRO.. Real ESTATE OWNERS,
0 Room A, first floor. Crocker Building. -
HEADQUARTERS FOR : PARK LOTS! . ;
RICHMOND LOTS AT VERY LOW PRICES.
" Never before were such bargains offered.
CM AH $150. $250-LOTS FOR BUILDING:
«2)-«-»-'^'. no grading: pear Mis lon-st. and San
Mateo car lines; only $5 monthly payment?.' < ..
U> H £ TO $750— LOTS NEA R ELECTRIC
»ID I O. car lines: Golden Gale Park; : new col-
leges; splendid view of ocean, music stand; $5
and $10 monthly installments. ', * ■ " "
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GKTZ & BRO.,
Room A, first floor, Crocker Building.
CAt'JSfc. BKOTIiKItS, ""
keal estate BROKERS . .
AND financial agents,
10s montgomery st.
Ofcfi~;Aa CASTRO ST., NEAR MARKET:
«JTU_»V/1./. new store and flat; rents $45 per
mouth: street work done; will exchange for va-
cant Mission corner.
©£700 ' JACKSON. ST., NEAR THE PRE-
fJX>\J I V/U. sidlo; home built for owner's own
use: 2 stories: M rooms: all conveniences; as-
phaitum street nnci cement sidewalk; fine view of
city: lot 27:6x127:81,4. „-, ; ; • •
ffl» I Oflfl GOLDEN GATE AVENUE, NEAR
JiPIOUI/. Baker st.: 25x137:6; street macad-
amized; cement sidewalk; sewered 10., level and
ready to build on.
'©'I PI A PRICE REDUCED; WALLER ST.,
VpLUOvf. near Masonic aye.; 25x149: < extra
depth; good neighborhood; street graded and
sewered.^" ••*: ?■•!.- • ■ ..:■,; ■ . ... .-.it
©one LOT IN LA XX VIEW: ONE BLOCK
»25 •->-- O . from Ingleslde racetrack and 2 blocks
from electric cars; level and ready to build on; a
a cheap lot.
-'.-'-.. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st. '
GO TO-DAY AND SEE THK
64 LOTS FRONTING ON
STAN Y AN STREET
FREDERICK STREET _
SHRADER STREET /
BJ£ULAH STKEET
COLE STREET
Prices $1250 upward.
Your own terms. - '
This property is a new subdivision, placed on
the market just two weeks ago. Already a
number of lots have been sold, and much in-
-1 terest has been manifested in this the most
Important subdivision of the * eir. We invite
you to join them. If you see these lots yon
will agiee with us that they are not only
choi c residence sites but also the beat in-
vestment lots In San Francisco. " Remember
this property faces the park and is near th«-
slte of toe Affiliated Colleges, the contract for
which has just been leu -. The lota are all
large and level; street work done. Don't
wait, but see them at once. The best lots are
going first. ■ - . .
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
. • 10 Montgomery st. ;
<C£ftOP.|l NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
*JrU£iOVJ. choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
Frederick St., near Asobury; contain 6 and 6
rooms and have every modern improvement; well
planned: sun in every room;, marine view; In-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
niu to Inspect apply to TOBIN <fc MeN ALLY, 630
Market st,
TvTLT BUILD cottages, HOUSES or
. '" • flats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine pinna. DAN - EINSTEIN, Builder, 630 '
Market su
<a«'-J(-tnn * 500 CASH; ELEGANTLY FKKS-
tJPUUUtf. coed 2-story, 7-roomand bath homes;
high, plastered basement, tunny side Geary su,
near Cook. ..
tfcl UiUi COTTAGE 5 ROOMS, LO i 45x100,
<IrIUUU. in Berkeley: *100 down, $20 month,
ly: $600, lot 60x125. 920 down, $10 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery sU
ÜBSTAN'IIAL MoDERN HOLsEs BUILT;
0 $150 to. $'i 75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
"L-OR (SALE— r.LKGA.VI NEW MODERN RES-
L idencps situated on Gough st., near Broadway;
contain 8 10 12 rooms, all mrdern conveniences:
fine view; good neighborhood: complete street
work; these bouses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere: terms easy: bouses open.
I NGI.fc.BIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
near racetrack, on Flax ton and Graf ton sts.: 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern Im-
provements: lot 62:6x125; sold at a gteat sacrifice.
G. W. H. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia EU ,
CABH ' BAU "* BAMK AS RKNT,
U\J\J for a new bouse on ea-tt side of Cole sU,
nearWa'ler: 8 rooms and bath: lane lot 25x125;
ail modern improvements. Apply on premise ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
r a h o^ses^n_T _ots7fiujm^£i_s6 ~~
wUt0,.;....,;...;..:.;.,.;...; ....:. $10,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to ... 15,000
CO houses, Oakland, Alamxda, $1000 t0... 8,01 0
100 bunlneis places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
WHAT. HAVE YOU TO OFFER?- ■
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE ,
All kinds of property— ■ ' ' ' " ,-'
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
QO-ACRE RANCH; 8 : R HOUSE: EXCHANGE
*J4J for saloon or hotel. DECKER, 1020 Alarkeu
Oft ACRES UNCULTIVATED LAND; 30
OV/ miles south of ' Portland, Or.; exchange for
city lodging-house or restaurant. 17 Tiilrd, rm. 2..
I V IDEND-PAYI.\G STOCK (8 PER CENT
XJ per annum) for small home In Can Francisco
or Oakland. Room 61.">, Safe Deposit building, S. F.
OR EXCHANGE. NJSAM' LOS GATOS, A
L: choice orchard home tor good clear property In
San Francisco or Oakland. Address . box 298, Los
Gatos. Cdt,
for our list of okckaku homjm
for sale. WOOMTKR & WHIIT.ON. San Jowa.
1 OUII ACRES. TI.MBKK LAND, KKHN CO.;
1 _.'O</ outer: fine for cattle-i-i^ng. N..t>T.l6.Catl
MONET TO LOAN.
•ft! Clh C\(\C\ AY LOvyEST RATES: CITY
<PIU\J.UUU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINW ALP. BCCKBEK&CO.. 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCE^ ON DIAMONDS, WATCUKSJ.
XV jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKL.Hr
bTORE. t>4B Market st. : open evenlnn.
VI oney LYING idle: take AT $5 INTER-
i.TX «st per month for each C 1000; same rate neo-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOAN tO ON JKWJCUV A.NU
other valuables at. the Security Loan OfDica.
1106MarketsU.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 lure
1 IRECT ON YOUK UK.NIIURK OR PIANU:
XJ no removal: no delays: do commissions: lot*
Interest. Km. 68, D'jnohue bldg. 1170 Markets;.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. 'iU or BJJ MOHTUAUK.4:
XV. estates, undivided interests, real estate In uO
bate. McC'OLGAN. 24 Montso— terr, room 3. ■
; ITY REAL ESI ATE:AOVANCtS OS RKNTS
X) pianos, furniture. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
PRIVATE~PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: low interesU N., box 16, Call Office.
T OAKS ON FURMIURE AND ■■ PIANOS
without removal; low Interest. R. 3, 216 Powell
* DVANCKSONDIAMONDS.JKWKLKV. ;■; I'o
Jt\ Colnmbia i/wn * Collateral Office. V Grant »r»
QHZifl UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<_)UU gages: int. In estates. MURPHY .62B Alrict
AVINGS BANKS' BOOKS BOUGHT. . ROOM
616, Safe Deposit building, San Francisco.
ONE\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE,
McK'i /EN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
OAKS ON ALL -SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
J J 24 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS. -
B WISE AND BAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything, t- Cut Rate Loan and Se-
curlty OlHce, r. 7, Flood bldg. : entrance ■ 80V 'Mkt.
T 126 KKAK.N V t>'V., ROOM 9— MONK V
loaned, watches, ; diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private room": elevator: pledges for sal g cheap. .
FINANCIAL. ------ -- . '
Qpf CiC\ nOn To LOAN^AVLaW~AsiBA?KfC
<IrlV>\>.<'l/U Apply rm 222. Cal.Safe Dep-Bldg.
J- MONEY -WANTED. _ : _^ _■' j'_~
A^TED^imJoTF^OM^RlvA^T^^
Market-su real estate security; good interesu
M. S.. box 133. Call Office. ■ - ■■ . ..-j
IU ANTED— LOAN OF S10U0; GOOD BECUR-
ifI ity; will pay lender 26 per ceut commission.'
A., box 93. Call Office. >>■■
. ._;:-„- assessment - notices. ' r
ASSESSMENT , NOTICE— JASPER CONbOL-
■dated . Mining Company — Location oi prin-
cipal place of business, San Francisco, Cal.: ' loca- ]
tion of works. Kanakas Valley Mining District,
El Eorado County, CaL : - . -.-;-. •
■ ' Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of the
directors, held on the third day of July, 1896, an
assessment' (No. 1) of t a ree , cents i er share was
levied upon the capita] stock, of the 'Corporation,
payable immediately 10 the treasurer^ the com-
pany at the office of ~ the corporation at No. 811
Brant an street, San Francisco. >f ~ -.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the Bth day ■of October; 1891,
will be delinquent and advertised for gale nt pub-
lic auction, and unless payment is made before
will be sold on the 28th day of October, 1896, to
pay the delinquent assessment, together with costs
of advertising and expenses of nale. • . . ...
■ --.-.- S. 11. ROBINSON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS..;, ~
T>ROPO3ALS— BinVwfLLBE RECEIVED AT
the office of the Registrar of Voters, City Hall,
for the printing of the < Precinct : Registers to be
used at the election to be held November 3, 1896,
in accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber 14, 18S6.
All bids will cbe opened at a meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners on the 2oth day
of September, 1896. at 10 o'clock a. h. -
Each ' bio must . be ' accompanied by a certified
check, payable to the order of the chairman of the
Board of Election Commissioners, for the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars (s&oao).t^aßS9>'Sa__B_
•r --■-:' W. M. H IN' TON. Registrar of Votwrg
OAKXAyP JTRNiTUIUS FOR SALE.
E^is^i>iA~M7>NTSs^B^7A nrc7^~iiN^r^Gr
• IT,' SCHELLHAAS, furniture-dealer, 11th, Oazld
■,_ : COUNTBY KEAt ESTATE. -. *. > ;
<B»O~;fUl BO ACRKK HIGHLY IMPROVED
*lP*-O\f\J. land, well located, with house, barn,
fine orchard. stoik.far.nlntf implements; every-
thing first class; will exchange.
rpHREE HnilLY -IMPROVED FARMS IN
X Santa Cruz County: one ■of 80 acres with 40
acres in orchard; another of 60 acres with 20 res
In orchard; and another of 75 acres with 60 a^res
iv orchard; all clear; and we can exchange them
for No. 1 , Oakland, Alaueda or Sail irancisco
properties.
4RO ACRES OP FI^E STOCK LAND NORTH
v^-yV of San Francisco for $3 per acre, cash.
A CHOICE 8-ACRE TRACT I N SONOMA CO.
' well improved, for 41200; 700 cash, balance
to suit.
„ „ EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.
Room 29, second floor. Mills building. San Fran-
' Cisco. . ' .  . .
l AKGAIN— B ACRES OF LA.ND. WITH GOOD
IJ house and barn; plenty of water: is on main
county road , and only 5 minutes' drive from San
Mateo railroad station. -For particulars address J. i
Le CORNKC, Millbra" Store. Millbrae, Cal.
[^ ARGAIN — RANCH PLE VSANTLY SITU-
' ated in the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,;
about six miles from the town of . Napa: suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken farm: large bouse and barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P. o.
box 239, Napa, Cal. __^
ASSIGNEES SALE. ! '. ~
300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pleasanton, Alameda County; 11/2 hours
from San Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward;
from ?20 per acre. - Room 67, chronicle building,
San Francisco.  •• : . v-
NY ONE . WANTING A • R-ANCH FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance la 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
ITTLK HOMES. CLOaK TO TOW A; JM-
proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City:, every Monday a; 632 Market st M S. F.
HALFSb-CTION OFGOOD LAND IN TULAKK
County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or Sun Francisco, A-dreas A, 'box 87
Call Office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—^>OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
TTO! FOR FITCH BURG!
TO-DAY TAKE -YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THK FITCH-
■ BURG, san LEAN DRO AND
.'. haywards local.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK Is THE PLACE. FAST-
: .. EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STRKET, TO
FITCH BURG STATION IN
. FOKTY-FIVK MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Frultvale trains singed
by the Fitchbur* scorcher. ay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes."
ilf you are tired of lite , and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented mid prosperous ' in Fitch-
burg.
Fitchburj: Is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements in. the vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural location. its railway
lines row operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damoa's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roads
leading to it. are incon-estible proof 1. It'ls regu-
larly laid out Into blocks and lota bounded by wide
streets, graded and traveled, and ornamented with
aveuue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
- NOW IS THE TIMK TO BUY.
. For a home while cheap: .for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
now. and hold on. - No city tuxes to pay: no street
improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. : Lois in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-street tracts in
an inaccessible . -
Lots 26 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deferred payments in easy Installments;
title perfect. — .
■ W. F. McCLURE, T9 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. B. FITCH, Fltchborg.
\V ILL BUILD COTTAGES;' FIRST CASH
. •> payment $10 to $150, balance monthly; 40
completed in Oakland to choose from ; free convey-
ance. L. L M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway.
\.| V SPECIALTY IS ■ -■ ■' ; —— "
I*l HOUSE-RENTING IN
. . OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house • $25
. 1-story modern 6- room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat '. 16
AND 300 MOKK. •
WM. M. DeWOLF, House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALASIEDA REAL. ESTATE.
Cj'JjCf\ $50 CA*H, $25 MONTHLY; NEW
is)£'lO\J. cottage of 6 rooms: large lot,' 60x
126. situated dose to Bayst. station. ••-...«
$2750 — Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
buth, now building: your terms are ours.
f2500— of* 6 rooon • and bath; . pretty
garden: close :to Cliestnut-sU, station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140: a pretty home; easy
terms.
, Special bargains In lots; booses and stores to let
from $10 up. - ■ '-- - ■ ■' ■ -»*.i —
Office Open Snndavs and holidays. -• MARCUSE
A RBMMKL, Bay-si, station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.' -
San Francisco office, 629 Market St.
~~t7i7Trt LOT .60x100;- GOOD LOCATION;
«~"UUv/. easy terms. -
-$1300—33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
1% acres at Frultvale, with good 4-room cot-
tare: price $1500.
$5000—60x160; house of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
•To exchange for San Francisco property: bouse
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; rally located.
Houses to let in all parts ot Alameda; office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land Company,
1600 Park st., A aiofda. ■
. . ALAMEDA HOUSES .TO .LET. .
TO LET, TO RESPONSIBLE PARTIES, AN
11-room bouse with carpets, : mantel mirrors,
curtain-poles; large garden, wl.l be taken care of;
on Central aye., one block from .Morton-si, station
N. G. R. R. ■'■ Address A. B C box 76. this office.
• BEKKELE Y KEAL ESTATE.
ft "SUITABLE POR a'cHIC KEN
«£> I O\J. ranch; nearly an acre of ground right
in the center of beamiful Berkeley, fronting on
the railroad. JOS. J. MASON, Dwlght way station.
GOOi>;HUttKt*'._uK'.llh.NT. oK iOA SALK
on easy term*, O. O. MAY A CO.. rent tatata,
bnlldlne and loans l'Hi'< i>nnr «t.. H"r^..|«. v . .
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR EKNT, " KEwly" FUBNISHED COT-
-1 tage 6 rooms, l-ath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley wuv. East Berkeley.
BIAHKIAGK LICENSES.
iihe -following marriage licenses were Issaal or
the County Clerk's office yesterday;
8. F. H. Kordt and AnnaS.Lemmerman, 33—21.
Peter Nauuhten and Ellen Moriarltv, 29—25.
O. Albert Bernard and Nellie Brown, 36—28.
I'UJhi mVOKOK itiiCOltl).
ComDlalnt filed:
Wun Qui Ying against Cheung Qul Lum.
Divorces granted : y H_li *"4j^'- 1 '
Maria B. Preston from Dr. : Walton Preston, for
extreme cruelty; by Judce Seawell.
Mary Fitzgerald from J. A. Fitzgerald, for ex-
treme cruelty: by Judge Sanderson.
: Meiinda Hilii irora Charles Hild, for extreme
cruelty; by Judge Murphy.
.-, MAIiItIED. "~ ~~"
HERRICK— DAVIES-Tn this city, September
18, 1806. by the Rev. Dr. E. B. Spalding, Clar-
ence G. Herrick and Rose J. Da vies, both or san
Francisco. v - ,
LARSEN— PETERSON— In Oakland, September
20. 1896, by the hey. I. L. P. Dietrlchson, Jens
P. Larsen and Petra Peterson.
STREM-JOHNSF.N— this city, September
23, 1896. by Ju.ige G. W. F. Cm*. August !
Strom and Jenny Johnsen, both of San Fran-
■ cisco.^B_Ji_____SsnH__H_B__Hg^i«M|
BORN.
COLLINS— In this city, September 12, 18»6, to
the wife of F. A. Collins, a son.
FLETCHER— In Frultvale, September 31, 1896,
to the wife of H. K. Fletcher, a daughter. '
GUYETT— In this city. 1 September 18, 1896, to
i the wife of Rod G. Guyett, a daughter. /
MITCHELL— In this city, , September 20, 1886,
' to the wife of B. Mitchell, a daughter.
ROTHCHILD— In this city, September 22,1896,
to the wile of Maurice A. Rothchlld. a son. . "- ■ •
MtIMD. ■ = ' ■'■■ ■ - :
v Barrett, Alice A. : . Howard. Charles G. " r
Barrett, Capt. Addlson Junck, Edna R. I). 1
 Bose, Charles M. j Kartschoke, Anna R. j
Carr, Francis : . McCartney, Catherine '
- Caffrey, Timothy ■ '■ Nunan. Timothy •
Coiburn. Rev. M. F. -. O 1 Brieu, Mangle
Cohn, Irwin -■"■ ; ; ~ O'Sullivan. Isabella C j
: ClarK, Josephine X .; Pardee. Enoch H.
Collins, Patrick H. Porter. Sidney ■' .
■'.Costel, Vli-elnla - . Robinson. Margaret
Callahan, Michael O. . Rae, Frances Loretta 1
Duff, William Schoen, Louts L.
. Fagen. .Elizabeth A. "• Tracy, George T.
Graham, William . , To-.vnsend. Ruth ,
Hansen. Mar? ; Taeresa Titus. Jennie ' ' .
, Holt, John H. Webs -r, Catherine
Winton, Nelson W. , m . .
BARRETT-In this ; city, ' September 23, 1896,
Alice .4.. beloved dauehter of John and the late
Alice Barrett, and sister of Mrs. J. H. Curtin,
Mrs. Theres* McGreavy an! W. J. Barrett, a
native of New York City. [New YorK papers
please copy-.] ' ...,-. ( . : . . •
Friends . and acquaintances are resn»cv-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Friday!, at 2 o'clock p. M from the resi-
dence of her sister, .Mrs. J. H. Curtln, 648 See-
on, l <s:re«t. thence to 1 St. 'Rose's Church for
service, commencing at 30 o'clock p. m. In-
terment Holy Cros* Ceme:ery. by 3:30 o'clock:
train from '1 hird and Townsend streets.
BARRETT— In Alameaa. Cal., September 22.
1895. Captain Adduon Barrett, military store-
keener. U. S. A.
, Funeral services will beheld TO-MORROW
(Friday), :at 3 o'clock ' -P. - if., ai the family
residence, '2057 Alameda avenue, Alameda.
fßos on (31 as*.) and Louisville (Ky.) papers
Dlease copy.] ■■■' T - -- • ■* ■;. . ■ •- »
BOSE-ln this city, September 21. 1896, Charles
- M. Bose. beloved brother of George H. and J. F.
Bose, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 3
months and 11 days.
J»3-The body will be shipped to San Jose for
interment THIS DAY (Thursday), by train
leaving Third and . Townsend streets at 10:40
clock a. m. . lu>malns at the parlors of Theodor
Dierks, 957 Mission street, oet ween "Fifth and
Sixth.
CARR— In Redding. CM., September 20, 1896.
Francis Carr, native of KlUybeggs, County
Donegal, Ireland, axed 61 years.
CAFFREY— In this city. September 22. 1898,
Tiino:hy . Caffrey, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 66 years.
AT* Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 -o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the Pao fie , Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, near Four.h. thence to St. Brendan's :
. Church, where a solemn requiem mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of hU soul, com-
mencing . at" 9 r o'clock a. x. iuteruidii. Holy
Cross Cemetery. i- - - ■■■•*- -• •• -
COLBURN— In this city, September 2'i, 1893. of
apoplexy, Rev. M.F. Colburn, pastor of Grace
M. E. Church, a native of Massachusetts, aged
.44 yefc.-s 6 months and 18 days.
*S"The funeral service* will take place
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. it; at
Grace M. E. Church, corner Twenty- and
Capp streets. Ministers or Mission churches, all
Methodist pastors, friends and . acquaintances
are respectfully Invited to attend. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral-car.
1.0. O.F. — All mum ban of Excelsior Lodge No.
3 10, I. O. 0.F., are earnestly requested to be
. present. - ■
COHN— In CastroviUe, Monterey County, Irwln,
beloved sou of Simon and Julie Cohn. aged 1
year and 3 mouths. .. .
CLARK— in this . city. . September 23. 1896.
Josephine, beloved wife of James Clark, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Emma Pease, mother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Painter. Mrs., Game ResserCoxand Fan-
nie Clark, sister of Albert Simons, Abe Simons
and Mrs. J. H. Hopps, and stepmother of Mrs.
B. F. Young and Mrs. M. Fitzgerald, a native Of
New York, aged 42 years '£ mouths and 12 days.
[■ Chlco and Sacramento papers please copy.]
ASTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
. foliv invited to attend the funer.il TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 238 Fourth .street, thence by 11:30
o'clock a.m. train from Third and To send
. streets, interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COLLINS— In Oakland. September 23, 1596, Pat-
rick fa:, beloved husband of Mary Collins, and
loving lather of Nellie M. and Arnett V. and
John W. Collins, a native of Ireland, aged 62
years 4 months and 13 days. , . ■-
: £3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ' attend the funeral SUNDAY,
September 26, 1b96. at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from
his late residence. j 1661 Sixteenth street, near
Campbell, and ibe nee to St. Patrick's Church,
wnere a solemn requiem mass will ba cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. Members of Central Lodge No.
' 251, A. O. U. W.. are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral.
CO3TEL— In this city. September 19, 1896, Vlr-
gluia Costel, a native of France, aged 62 years.
CALLAHAN-In this city, September 19, 1893,
Michael O. C-llahan, a native of Ireland, aged
4.0 years. '
DUFF— In Oakland, September Vi, 1896. William
Duff, a native of Ireland, aged 40 years. , .
FAGEN— In this city, September 2'S. 1896, Eliza-
' beth A., beloved wife of Peter J. Fagen, daugh-
ter of J. G. and the late Anna Perkins, and sis-
| ter of Joseph, John and Gertie Perkins and Mrs.
J. Wy nn. a native of San Francisco, aged 26
year-; and 2 months.
43" Friends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from her late
residence,' 256 ban Carlos avenue, thence to
Mission Dolores ' Church for services, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city, September 23, 1836,
'William Graham, a native or Ireland, aged 60
years.' , ■ . .
HaNSKN — In this city. September 23, 1896, Mary
Theresa, dearly beloved wife of Fred Ilansen.
daughter of Joseph Mills and sister of Joseph.
Kdwara and Thomas Mills, ' a native or Dublin,
Ireland, aged 23 years.
49~Friends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x., from . her late
residence, 1714 Leaven worth ■ street, thence to
su Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway. . where a requiem high: mans will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
HOLT— In Lafayette, contra Costa County, Cal..
September 20. 1896. John H. Holt, a native of
Vermont, aged 64 years and 8 months.'
HOWARD— In this city. September 17. 1896,
Charles G. Howard, a native of the West Indies,
aged 46 years. • < -j
JUNCK— In this city, September •£•£, 1838, Edna
- Rebecca Dorothea, youngest and beloved daugh-
ter of II I), and : Doro.h'-a Junck. and \ sister of
' Anita C Junck, a native of , Sau Francisco, aged
2 years 7 months and 1 day.
JB_T Friends and acquaintances are r»sn>c-.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. if., from the
: residence of her parents, northeast corner Seven-
teenth and Church streets. ■ Interment L O. O. If.
• Cemetery. • ,
KARTSCHOKE-In this city. September 23,
1896. Anna R, beloved wife of Ed war J Karts-
choke, and mother of Gus Kartscboke and Mrs.
O. P. Glrzlkowsky. a native of .Germany,, aged
8.4 years and 13 days.
. AST Friends * and , acquaintances . are resnecf.-
fully invited to attend the funeral . SATUBDA V,
September 26, 1898, at •£ o'clock p.m.. from her
late residence, Albion avenue, near Seven-
teenth street, interment. 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MeCARTNEY— In this city, September 23.1896,
Catherine, ■ beloved ; wife of John McCartney,
a native of Ireland, aged 43 years.
NUNAN— In this city. September 22, 1898, Tim-
. o:h v, husband of the late Mary A. Nunan, and
beloved father of Thomas W.. Matthew C Tim-
othy Edward, Margaret, .William, Mary and
Daniel F. Nunan, a native of County Limerick,
Ireland, aged 75 years and 9 months.
Friends ana . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. It, from bis iat«
• residence. ■ 916 Powell • street, thence to St.
Mary's Church. California and Dupont streets,
. where a requiem his;h mass -will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. M. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
;: tery. ;V:r.' . ■ „ ;■■". .
O'BRIEN— In this city. September 23, 1896,
Maggie, d -arty beloved daughter of the late
Thomas and Priscllia O'Brien, and ■ sister of
William, Thomas, John. Mamie and Joseph
O'Brien. iIMIIIMHIIWMpmimIIMMIUJi
JB~"Friends and acquaintances art* resoect-
> fnlly Invited to attend th« funeral To- MORROW
' (r'rlday) from her late residence, 5219 Harrison
street.
O'SULLIVAN— Tn- Victoria, B. C, September^ 6.
1596. Isabella de Cast ill O'Sulltvan, a native of
New York City, aged 58 year*
PA RDEE— In Oakland, September 21. 1896,
Enoch f Homer Parlee, a native of . New York,
aye I b7 years 5 months and 21 days.
gpg" Friends and acquaintances arp respect-
fully invited to attend ttie funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic
'1 emple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets.
Funeral under the auspices of Oakland Lodge
No. 188. F. and A. M. The body will He in state
in the temple Wednesday and Taursday.
PORTER— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
temoer 23, 1898. Sidney Porter, aged 20 years.
ROBINSON— In this city. September 22. . 1893,
Margaret Robinson, a na-lve of Ireland, aged 77
years.
RAE— In this city, September 23, 1896, Frances
Loretta, beloved daughter of Joan G. and Ka a
Bae, a native or Gait, Sacramento County, Cal..
aged 2 years 11 months and 20 days.
SCHOEN— In this city. September 22, 1893. at his
< residence, 318 -Waller street, Louis L. Schoen,
beloved husband of Anna schoen, and father of
William. Susie and Theodore *cho»n. Mrs. N. R.
Doolutle and Mr*. C. K. Maclauohlan.a native of
Germany, aged 62 rears 10 months and 12 days.
t&-Tht> funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from nts late resi-
dence. Funeral private. - :• ■, ■-■ "
TR \C V— this city, September 20. IR9B, George
T. Tracy, a native of England, aged 82 years.
TOWNSEND— In Oakland, September 21. 1896.
Ruth Townsend, a native of Oakland, aged 6
months and 6 days. jpy
TITUS— In this dtr. September 20, 1806, Jennie
Titus, a native of Michigan, aged i:9 years. ,
WEBSTER— In this city, September -23, 1896,
Catherine. - beloved mother of .John- Webster,
a native of St. John. N. B.'. a?od 76 years. :
JBfS" Remains at the parlors of Carew <_ English,
19 Van Ness avenue, near Market street. •
WINTON'— In Oakland, September 21, 1896, Nel-
son W. Winton, a native of New York, aged 67
years.
Friends and . acquaint an are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. h.. from First Pres
byterian i uurch, corner or Fourteenth and
" Frnnxlln streets. Oakland. ■ ;
McAVOY &. CALLACHER, T
FONKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKE3,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
■ Telephone 3080.
JAS. MCMBNOMXY. Chas. McMkxoj!~~~~1
JAMES McME^OMKV '& SON,
UNr>KItTAKKB.S AJ«fl> ' EMBALMiSbs I
lOu?, Mission Street, Near Sevviuu. 'I
■ ■'■■'. Telephone No. 3;*5-l.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. OiUca VV7 Mariutf
sirsei, nouiaeaai corner ©< ssutu. .
1314
FOLSOM GRANITE
WILL BE USED
Convict Labor Stone for
the Affiliated
Colleges.
SO SAYS JAMES EAE.
Contractors Think That the
Trade Unions Will Make
Protest
CONTRACT HAS BEEN SIGNED.
Claim Made That the Terms Upon
Which Bids Were Based Were
Not Understood.
The buildings of the Affiliated Colleges
will be constructed of J?'olsom granite,
quarried by convicts. James Rae, of the
Rae Building Company, said yesterday
that this is the fact. The contract for the
mason work went to the Rae Building
Company, whose bid for the granite work
was $143,500. This announcement will
occasion lively in ierest among the mem
bers of the trade unions and not less
among those who bid unsuccessfully for
the masonry contract. It is also probabie
that the stone will be cut at Folsom, but
Mr. Rae said that this had not been
decided upon. The general belief among
contractors is that this course will be pur
sued. The contract was awarded some
time ago, but was not signed until last
week.
Already the subject of convict-quarried
Btone has caused a Btir in various quarters.
This has been on the increase ever since
the bids were opened, when it was found
that the Rae Building Company had not
only underbid competitors to the amount
of several thousand dollars for the cranite
work, but had actually bid less for granite
than for sandstone.
The bids for the granite work were as
follows: J. F. Riley, $148,480; R- Ring
rose, $149,250; T. W. Butcher, $170,900; C.
Ferris, $167,597; T. Butler, $158,650; M.
McGowan, $163,000; R>chardnon <fe Ciale,
$178,000; R. Mitchell, $170,000; J. Wagner,
$179,000; Rae Bunding Company, $143,500.
This was $15,000 lower tlian any other div
for the same work. The Rae Building
Company's bid for sandstone was $145,300,
or $1800 biaher than for granite.
Tbia iact naturally caused much surprise
among the competing bidders, for granite
is more expensive than sandstone. Tiie
bidders at once jumpe-l to the conclusion
that this meant that con victpranite would
be the building stone, and this is now con
firmed by a member of the successful firm.
Allegations are already made by contract
ors that their understanding was that the
Folsom granite would not be used, aiut
that consequently their bids were offered
under a misapprehension. The advertise
ment for bids made no specification con
cerning the source from which the build
ing stone should be procured.
When James Rae was asked yesterday
whether it is true that tbe bid of the con
cern was based upon Folsom granite and
if that material will be used in the Affil
aied Colleges, he promptly said "Yes."
Then he made another statement. "The
State," said Mr. Rae, "is privileged to use
its own material in constructing the State
buildings. It would not have been possi
ble to construct the colleges of granite in
side of the contract price of $250,000 on any
other sort of an understanding. There was
no concealment of our purpose to use Fol
som granite. Three or four others men
tioned Folsom granite in connection with
their bids. One of these concerns was
Miller & Beck. I do not recollect the
others. We are going to use the Folsom
rranite. Whether or not it will be cut in
Folsom has not been decided."
The matter was discussed with contrac
tors at the Builders' Exchange yesterday.
A representative of a large stone concern
: aid that contractors had feared that the
use of convict granite would have in
volved them in trouble with trade unions,
and so bad not bid on that basis. One
contractor said be was asked by the archi
tects, when the bids were opened, how
much less he would make the bid with the
understanding that he would use Folsom
convict granite, and he had replied that
the difference would be from $12,000 to
$15,000. The contractors whose figures
were comparatively low are not satisfied
with the result.
One cause alleged for dissatisfaction is
that the Rae BuQdin- Company is really
McCann, whose connection with work on
the City Hall will be remembered. But
this is vigorously denied by Mr. Rae, who
says that McCann has no connection with
the company in any capacity other than
as a stockholder, and that be will have
nothing to do with the direction of the
work upon the Affiliated Colleges.
The architects who prepared the specifi
cations for bidders are J. £. Kraft and
Mertens & Coffey in the Academy of Sci
ences building. Mr. Kraft said yesterday
that be had supposed the idea that Fol
som convict granite might be used was
commonly entertained prior to the open
ing of the bids. The entire subject was
discussed openly and was publicly re
ported in the daily papers something like
one year ago Alien the Board of Regents
of the university had the plans for the
Affiliated Colleges under consideration.
Mr. Kraft also said there was nothing in
the advertisement calling for bids which
gave out any hint or information that
couid lead any one to suppose that Folsom
granite was barred. The estimates upon
one set of designs that were submitted to
the Board of Regents were oppnly based
?jpon the Folsom granite proposition.
One contractor said that Governor Bndd
hud told him he favored the use of the
Folsom granite in the Affiliated Colleges.
The consumption of horseflesh is in
creasing in Vienna. Last year the resi
dent-; of that city ate nearly 20 000 horses.
HEW TO-DAT.
FOR
PIMPLES
IS
attend
It is so because it strikes at the caute oi
the Clogged, Irritated, Inflamed, Stuggith, oi
Overworked Poke.
Sold throughout the world. Vnrnx Dcua akd Ckiu.
ICU. CoRroKATiON, Sole Pr.priet.iri, Boston.
«•- " How to Prevent f Im^lci," 64 page*, Uliu., frt*.
IT MEANS $400,000 A YEAR
TO MR. HEARST.
Substantial Reasons % for Advocating
Free Coinage.
The Value of the Output of the Ontario Alone
Would Leap From $10,000 to
$75,000 a Month.
If Mr. Bryan is elected President of the United State", and the free coinage of sil
ver is adopted as the policy of the Government, and if such policy has the effect of
enhancing the price of silver, as the champions of that policy say it will, then the
success of Mr. Bryan will be worth to William R. Hearst, proprietor of the Examiner
and of the New York Journal, not less than $400,000 a year. This is the estimate
placed on Mr. Hearst's "winnings," as they say, on the appreciation of the value of
the product of his silver mines.
Mr. Hearst owns a third of th« stock of the Ontario Mining Company, 82,281
shares, appraised at the time of his father's death as worth $1,226,678. He owns of the
Daly Mining Company stock 27,633 1-5 shares, appraised at the same time as worth
$525,030 80.
The Daly mine is a sister vein of the Ontario mine— practically the same mine.
The Ontario mine is rated am">ng mining properties as jnst the best silver mine in the
long list of silver mines in this country, if not in the world. It has paid in dividends
alon<* no less than $9,000,000. When the price of silver was at its best the Ontario
mine was yielding to its stockholders $75,000 a month. It Is now yielding but $10,000
a month. That is to say, the value of the product— not the quantity— has depreciated
to less than one-seventh what it was when the price of silver was up.
The whole argument of the fr^e-silver men is that the free and unlimited coinage
of silver at 16 to 1 would not only lift to but would maintain the price of, silver at that
ratio to gold. That is to say, it would cause silver to be worth $1 29 an ounce, and the
product of the Ontario mine would leap from $10,000 a month to $75,000 in net value.
"To account for this difference in the value of the product, as compared with the
anticipated advance in the price of silver, it must be remembered that the expenses of
worKine the mine remain the same, whether the price is up or down." said a gentleman
who is big in mining affairs, but, being a Democrat and on friendly terms with the
proprietor of the Examiner, would not permit the printing of his name. "The fact is
that if silver were to go up to $1 29 it would be worth just $65,000 a month, or $780,000 a
year, to the stockholders of the Ontario mine. As Mr. Hearst owns a third of the stock
of that mine you can figure out his share yourself. It would be $260,000— it would be
worth that much more, you understand, than he is getting out of the property now.
The same increase in values would result on the Daly mine, which, as X say. is a sister
vein equally rich, and of which Mr. Hearst owns considerably over $500,000 worth of
stock.
"Of other silver minrne stock he owns what would be to another man a fortune
but which in the presence of these big properties is scarcely worth mentioning. In
round figures the advance in the price of silver that tne free-coinage men predict as
the result of free and unlimited coinage would net Mr. Hearst a cool $400,000 a year
over and above his present revenues."
Mr. Hearst is the owner of the only paper in Ban Francisco that advocates this
free coinage. He is the owner of the only paper ln New York City that advocates it.
They have botb been advocating it loudly and clamorously. The facts here set forth
may assist its readers in understanding why they advocate it.
The Examiner yesterday published what is called "An answer" to Tint Call's
presentation of the appraisement of the Hearst estate and of the mining stock listed
as a part of it. The answer is nothing more than a painful champing and frothing
and crying of "liar," strong in evidence of how the exposition toucoed Mr. Hearst.
The fact is that it cut the silver champion both ways. It was an Irrefutable showing
rf his immense personal monetary interest in tne success of Bryan and free coinage.
But, on the other hand, as to the wealth of Mr. Hearst, it did not show enougn. Here
was a most embarrassing situation. Its millions in silver mines, sucn as must surely
daz« the mind of the workingman, in whose behalf Mr. Hearst was making bis daily
plea for more and cheaper money, was still far short of what Mr. Hearst's new mil
lionaire acquaintances in New York had a right to expect
When Mr. Hearst made his recent advent into New York he was made the subject
of a long article at $2 per line in the Fourth Estate, a journal devoted to newspaper
men. It was illustrated with his picture in half tone. In that article, the data of
which was secured from Mr. Hearst himself of course, the Hearst estate was said to
be worth $27,000,000. It was, therefore, very embarrassing to have that appraisement,
a« carefully copied from the document itself in the County Clerk's office, printed in
black type in a newspaper in this City and in New York.
In this dilemma — the necessity of appearing poorer to the poor than the facts
would allow and of appearing richer to the rich— Mr. Hearst saw no other way than
to jump up and down in a passion and cry out, "Liiar!" The Examiner takes great
pains to explain that the Anr conda mine, scheduled in the appraisement at $3,600,000,
had since been sold for $7,500,000. Very well. The Call mentioned particularly that
the Anaconda mine had been sold, but not knowing the figures did not state them
Mr. Hearst is here given the benefit of the $7,soo.ooo— taking his own word for the
amount.
According to Mr. Hearst's statement the Anaconda mine was appraised at about
half its value. If, as it is fair to presume, his silver mines, the Ontario and Daly, were
also appraised at half their value, this advocate of free coinage owns silver stuck
valued at $3,000,000. This being the case, Mr. Hearst will have no difficulty in cou
vincing any one in a lunatic asylum that he is an unselfish apostle of free coinage.
However, he does not deny the ownership of three silver mines. In view of the
general and indefinite cry of liar The Call has taken the pains to make a fac-simile of
the appraisement of the mining stock, as it is on file in the County Clerk's office, and
also presents Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst's affidavit as to its correctness.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE CITY AND COUNTY
OF SAN FRANCISCO, STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
MINING STOCKS.
NAME. No Shares. Appraised At.
Anaconda Mining Company .....120,000 $3,600,000,00
Daly Mining Company 27,633 1-5 525.030.80
tntarioMiiing Company 32,281 1,226,678.00
Yuba Gold Mining Company 43,750 21,875.00
Mammoth Grove Mining Company §0,000 500.00
Homestake Mining Company 5 40.00
Homestake Mining Company 24,166 1-3 193,330.66
Highland M.nin» Compa y 34,285 205,710.00
Dead wood lerra Mining Company 42,418 1-8 21.209.06
Fa her de Smet Con. Mining Comp my.... 19,609 1-5 4,902.30
Texas Hat Gold and Silver Mining Co 25,453 10,181.20
Clara Consolidate J Mining Company 50,000 50,000.00
Phoenix Silver Mining Company 4,476 1-5 2,238.10
Brewer (Sooth Carolina) Mining Co 75.000 50,000.00
Jocuistite Mining Company 12,001 1-5 No value.
Ingersoll Mining Company 88,8621-2 **
Modoc Mining Company 8,244 1-5 *•
Consolidated State R'g. Mi in .'Company. 48,450 "
Justice Consolida ed Gold Mining lo 33,250 *'
Golden S ate Mining C< mpany 32*800 "
Amelia Mining Company 50 000 "
Gopher Mining Company 43,126 1-5 "
Total *5,911,695.12
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1896.
XEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ffffiSfßß _^ v^-^-.
■& IT m *4 A I A X»—^ A THIS STORE CLOSES /♦
2 I . • I • * • @^^ - • -_ EVERY EVENING AT 6J£
iLihputian Figures I
■ .;; ■ • .•...■' , :;-. „ -^
I • 1 A _^_,
1 ."•—Colossal Valuesf-
■ #ji ■ * ■ ■ c "^ ■
I Will make the last three days— the wind=up of the GREAT SALE of I
4* the SlXES— days long remembered by money-savers. ' %
I underwear. notions. SIX GREAT SPECIALS! DOMESTICS. I
I ll^^S^ Special Quotas To-Day. I = D c X TOW^, , -ST,?&« 46° f
*? era: crochet neck »nil frout, extra t\(\o 26x42 Inches, hemmed, extra ................ "^T
JK quality, sizes 1, 2, 3 and 4. Special «JU ' ■ - . large, value 25c. Extra '■%
<& _ this weeit.... Salt too •»►
4^. ■ FOTJR-BTTTTON KrD GLOVES- A biff- IO Each n -|[2 TTI3 ?; o = AM L^ C » E C TAI^ S - 95° £_
TP lot of desirable odds and ends, size 5& ■ ■■ ♦ ' - " 3^, t yards long; the 81 2 li grade; VO "^*
Jt, In black only: sizes 6 and by*, in AnC ■■■■■■— i HHiMMMBa. white and ecru. To end the Sixes Fair 21
+? MISSES' UffriON SUITS— Genuine blact or tan; sizes 6%. 6%, 7 and 7^4 ttO ■ ! -^
JL. Kgyptlan cotton, fine quality Jersey- In black, red or tan. All 10-day at.... Pair —^^*^—^^^m^—^-mm^^m 0
r ribbed,^eeced.^ crotchet neck and Aft® ' TURKISH TOWELS. lII— ODD LACE CURTAINS; some &5?
Jt\ front, sizes Ito 8. Bpeclalthls week tiU „,;„,- lowtLS. siishMy soiled; the »1 75 and $2 2i mi .45 3
on onr tables at.... Bait r 21x42 inches, woven selvage, very grades: about 75 pairs. To boom tjpl 44+
J&l ■ AMERICAN PILLOWCASE LACE, 2to QC • heavy, value 15c. Extra tnU week, all at.... pair 2* i
*? ' — 3 inches wide, assorted patterns. O 11 C .
Jt± " '■> : ; :' Special to-day". Yard -•- - 1 - Each —— ;•
■^ LADIES' ALL-WOOL UNDERVESTB— . —mmMmm*mßasaaM^^mmm*mmmm - IV— CHENILLE TABLE COVERS, 4x4, OfTC "^
•^- H. N.L. S., Richelieu ribbed, colors fl£ "1 .00 — — — —^— — -^^-^—^^— - sise. Come early for pick-extra OO *y
*? pink, blue, black, white, gray. This «Jpl— . . * • Each "SS*
■&• week at.. Each BASTING COTTON, a superior grade. CC „.,.„ » &
*; - warranted 30 yards to a spool. A O CALICO. .■ . - -s^-
dozen spools for 6c. Extra..... Dozen Dark brown eround, variety of V— CURTAIN SWISS, 36 inches wldej 1r C &L.
Jt, HALF'S KID-FITTING CORSET-Have — patterns, 6y 4 c quality. Extra a 20c lot; patterns for all people, 42d"T
X? you tried them? A penect fit guaran- 4 1C V " * ■ This week Yard^.
*i teed. Ask fur them; black satin, rrro VATfr-v TrirAT>nv<aTa a <.„* ===^, - * Yard , •*
T?y ■ rinaniTr k« n «,i >„„_ „' i., r»»«j.i«i > 111 jiajncx xlhiAUKruia i a— a grand assort- . . —^^— ,**
closely boned, long walsu SpecUl to ment arrived the other dly, all shapes. «n« M »«w B » B « D » BE3 a naßann .
«& ■ sweejtai • Kacn sizes and colors you can imacine. A "ice ■■ . VI— CRETONNE, 36 inches wide; new ICC 5
£ opportunity. Price-? 1,76 c, 65c, XO —mmimmmm——m^^—^—m designs; a big lot to sell. Extra to- 10 *^
* 60c, 35c, 25c and Each CKEAM TABLE DAMAgK , day .. . ° Yard I
TS? CREAM TABLE DAMASK 7 ' ' XW^ £L
<£l~ . — — 56 inches wide, extra quality. &,
t nriTDD fiADMCMTC ™.» > • Three Saie special vii-tapestry PORTIERES— B
*& UUICK VjAK/YICIN 10. SWISS AND CAMBRIC EMBROID- ore yards long by 50 Inches wide; ell new © 0.00 i*
sjv'-> KRY EDGE— A few patterns slightly . S Z,O Yard designs: fringe top and bottom. On dpO *3^
JSk . soiled. Have been allowed a claim' EC ■ . sale this week at Pair &
i. ' , and now offer at a sacrifice, 2to 4 O a^mmmmi^mmammm^imm^^mm^^mmmmma V^
«& Before purchasing yon should see our novelties l"cheswlde. To-day 7%cand Yard -' ■ ■ -"• • " -■- , • *
»-■- in 'JACKETS AND CAPES, ranging In price -.; '" :- - „»«.«„ ™ . T^ VIII-CHENILLE PORTIJERES.3 2
* from to $40 each. It Is no trouble to show . HAIRP^S-xnvlslble and OC CANTON FLAHSKL. i^rtmenL of "^shZsio S^om* S2" 50
••■» goods, and we would consider your call a pleasure. r» A T*T VCT* TT A TDDTKTQ i.^.iu. ■■ 2° TT II go^d guilty. l Estr a Valne Or* A special sale this week IO PICK ITUIII. fly Palr "•
K oods, and we would consider yoar call a pleasure. CABI e^ y T J^JVK^ext'* 2° go^ qualify. 1 ™ A special sale tuis we^c at W Palr
•" We offer: nothing price at Box no 5
♦- . ' . i Yard IX— BLEACHED SHEETING, 81 Inches Sr?a
>. LX.-BLEACHED SHEETING, 81 inches
*?" missfsc RirKPitß I jpitpts. ii.' hw»r n otmmmmmmmmmml0 tmmmmmmmmmml^ atmmi^ mlßmmmimm J wide; an extra heavy sheeting with ~\ liO -s3»
& .^w™ h 3 , ? Ii Ik *« .« no dressing; the 20c kind. Special It) V*
JSt- and blue chevio.B, trimmed with braid ffiJQ.5O ntln . Tr ,.. cipuiam baai/ nHaamMMunwanHM this week at, Yard .**
T? and large sailor collar, in ages 4to 10 <ff>^£— OUR NEW FASHION BOOK. —^^^^—^^-^— ■— ■—- mis weeK at xara
years, at................... • Each ISIDADDCD HI XUUFI D '■•■-••■";. • 7Z
f "*"■" "* — ■ WBAPPER FLANNELS. *
«■ Our Great Fall and Winter Catalogue now being X— CHECK GINGHAMS— For aprons; AC &f
ZL ». .w .._ -^ . ** * We have Just received a big 67 Inches wide; blue or brown. Spe- *± 73T
J£l LADIES' TWO- TONED FANCY distributed free. T bend your address and receive line of dork colored Wrapper cialsuleat ..„.. Yard &
*? ■- BOUCLE REEFER JACKET, half «,,»,#■»«! Flannels in pretty Persian ef- &§+
jtj • stlK-llned. inlaid velvet collar, 4 copy iree. f ecu and stripes. A grand as- 5
V? ' large fancy buttons, in color* black ffl» "1 A.OO '' /: . ' ' "' sortment shown at _.  _ _ „ , 4&
<X ana brown, sizes 32 to 40. Oar 11/ IAC The New Catalogue for Fall Is ready. *
■•? prlcels -. •• Each „,«,«.. .*•»■. 1U Yard ■ Mailed free on application. Nona distributed &
J^. The Value of Above la 812. 1 We tlOSe.tSatDrdayS at 6P. I. L— . _ _ mm.1 _ . jin the city. +L.
<%■ -j»£>*ie^^ *§►
I H-A.X-.E BROS. I
p>j»Jy,jgHß aga|n|rM t^BpMr^va^sna JjJs]^l^^^ ■«ißF^R^L««ißi^»^i^PW»«WifiS JW . S»j[ lp^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Va KJ Mb 'EtS^fc^ E^T)^ Jtil »f^^fc
(I2STCOK.FOK,A.TE3ID),
I 937-945 Market Street, San Francisco. *
FOR THE HOMELESS BOYS
The Grand Festival of the
Youths' Directory Will
Open To-Night
Armory Hall a Scene of Color and
Beauty— Contests for Popu
larity.
The grand festival in aid of the Youths'
Directory will open this evening in Armory
Hall, on Market street, near Tenth. For
some time the committee of charitable
ladies have been laboring assiduously col
lecting donations and enlisting the sym
pathies and services of all kindly disposed
toward the homeless boys cared for at the
institution, and now they are ready to
launch the festival before the public.
The great hall of the armory will oe sec
tioned off into pretty booths, from which
fairy places the ladies will dispose of the
articles which have been donated or pur
chased. There will be refreshments and
also an entertaining musical programme
each evening, varied with addresses from
well-known speakers.
The San Francisco Letter-carriers' band
has volunteered to give a concert on one
evening and on another the band of the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum will play.
Several fine orchestras will participate.
The principal feature will be a voting
contest in which a prize of a gold watch
will be given to the most popular police
captain. The voting is now going on at
Raphael's store.
The other contest will also be a gold
watch to the most popular letter-carrier,
the Toting now going on at the postoffice
stations of the City. Another contest will
be for the World's Fair drum, donated by
Captain Jerome Deasy, to be given to the
best drilled League of the Cross company.
For the opening Chairman James R.
Kelly will introduce the Very Reverend
Father Prendergast, who, in the absence
of Archbishop Riordan, will declare the
festival under way. The musical pro
gramme will consist of bolos by Miss
Catherine Black, Miss N. C. Kirby, G. V.
Woods, Mr. Berger. There wiil be a read
ing by Miss Anna Daly. Mrs. Paul B.
Hay will accompany the singers.
'J he tickets for single admission are 25
cents, and season tickets good for the en
tire term will be sold for $L
THE FIGHT WILL BE HERE.
Corbett and Sharkey to £n e n C « Before
the National Club.
In regard to th« Corbett-Sharkey
comedy, now being played on this conti
nent, Manager Groom of the National
Club sai i yesterday:
'There seems to be an impression
among some people that the match is not
settled. We deem that, when we have ac
cepted Mr. Corbeti's offer of putting up
the $10,000. the match is fixed, be
cause w.- are not asking anything that he
did not volunteer io do himself.
."So far as the contest la concerned it
will be und(.r the sole management of the
Rational Club, the refeiee to b« selected
by the club without any reference to the
principals- whatever. We have deter
mined that a determined referee of un
questioned integrity shall be selected.
Ihis will obviate all chances of a pre
arranged agreement on the part of the
pugilists.
•The articles of agreement declare in
unmistakable terms that ciinchintr, foul
ing or wrestling are prohibited. This will
insure fair fighting. To protect the club
against any accident we have arranged
that the principals shall be examined "by
a physician and pronounced in good con
dition before entering the rng.
"Dr. Lustig nas been appointed the offi
cial medical examiner of the Na:ional
Ciub. ho man likely to suffer serious
physical injury from a blow will be per
mitied to enter the ropes."
Certain representative citizens, who de.
sire for obvious reasons that tneir names
he withiteid, held a conference with Messrs.
Gibbs and Groom a short time ago, and
stated that they were willing to put up
any bond, note or other security demanded
by Corbett ana Sharkey.
As Corbett in a telegram yesterday
stated that he would accept nothing but a
cash deposit, another conference was held
last night, and the same gentlemen agreed
to put up a cash deposit for the National
Club. They objected to this until it was
regarded as unavoidable, because they did
not want so large a sum of money to re
main idle for at least three months.
So it seems that San Francisco will get
the ficut after all.
THE WORLD'S GOLD.
J. J. Dwyer Addresund a Full House
at the Metropolitan
Temple.
A good audience greeted J. J. Dwyer at
Metropolitan Temple last evening when
he appeared upon the platform, intro
duced by Chairman M. A. Hurley. A
goodly company of vice-presidents of the
meeting also occupied tne stage.
The speaker in his advocacy of free
silver coinage held that there was not gold
enough in the world for the needs of its
business. Of the $4,000,000,000 in use Eng
land, France and Germany possessed one
half and the former country hsd a con
trolling interest in the other half.
There was only $600,000,000 in this
coun , try, and that was not enough for trade.
Millions, he said, were hoarded in Europe
against the time when the inevitable war
between those threatening kingdoms
breaks out, and $1,000,000,000 is held tied
up here.
80 the Rothchilds, he said, with their
agents, the Morcans, the Belmonts et al.
have their grip on the gold of the world.
This country is groaning under the bond
issue, and to maintain the gold standard
there must be more bonds issued. There
is no other way. The gold bug wants an
honest dollar, and the dollar he wants is a
dollar that will hatcn other dollars while
he sleeps.
The speaker read several published ex
tracts on the subject, and quoted Webster
and Blame as advocating bimetallism.
He also scored Bourke Cockran. He was
interrupted frequently w>th applause, but
on the whole the audience took the speech
quite quietly.
SOLD BY THE SHERIFF.
The Ending of an Opposition Telephone
Company at Topeka, Kans.
On September 19 Sheriff Kepley sold
under an execution the laree opposition
telephone system of the Harrison Te.e
phone and Electric Company at Topeka,
Kans. The company was backe 1 entirely
by local capital and has been operating
for about a year, th«» rates for service beiuc
less than the established Bell Company.
Although the Harrison Company had
connections to Holton.Circleville, Elmont,
Hoitt, Mayetta and Soldier, all by lone
uistance lines and equipped with lons
distance telephones, the public support,
which was at first almost unanimous, was
gradually withdrawn until the enterprise
ceased t3 be self-support-ng.
The judgments against the property
amounted to $32,500, and the plant was
sold to the Missouri aud Kansas Tele
phone Company of the Bell system for
$8000. The Harrison investors lost about
$40,000 on the experiment.
Stricken From the Roll.
The Election Commissioners struck the fol
lowing names off the roll yesterday because of
irregularities i-. registration: A fred Seven
sky, Fifth Precinct of tne Twenty-nith
District; John C. Pagh. William Miller, Wil
liam B. Barker and John J. Corcoran of the
Filtn of the Forty-thlnl.
■ • — ♦■ — «
New Clearance-Home
Articles of incorporation oi the Merchants'
Clearance-house were filed yesterday. J. C.
Watson, 8. C. Newhall, E. P. D..sch, A S. Porter
an>i J. S. Henders d ar named as trustees.
The capital stock is ¥20,000, all 01 which has
been subscribed.
VERY CHOICE
AND
UP-TO-DATE
OUR GROCERIES AND OUR PRICES.
We allow no store to . sell you ; better •
goods or quote you lower prices.
S I» E O iXIT S A. Xj
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
Creamery Butter "... ... square 40e
finest made \ 2 squares 75c
Puree de Foies Gra5. .... . tin 20c
regularly 25c
Port and 5herry. ...... . .bot. 35c
Choicest Native "Wines 3 bots. $1.00
regularly 50c
French Castile 50ap. ..... .bar 25c
regularly 30c.
Mail Orders Receive Close Attention.
RATH JEN BROS.,
21 STOCKTIIS ST.. SEAR MARKET.
Telephone Main 5523.
Branch : 3253 Fillmore St., cor. Lombard.
Telephone West 152.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE, FREE.
Rain=Proof
— Shoes —
I
Men's Winter Shoes in all va-
rieties; water-proof Shoes, Shoes
with thick soles, Shoes with cork
soles, Shoes of genuine Cordo-
van Horse Leather
$3 to $5.
The prices are "right," the
quality is "right" — come here
and you will be right.
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes at 6:30 P. M. Saturdays. 10P M.
pn^fDß. iiallsreiwigo;iator
■Si MJi THIS SECRET KEMEiIY stops
P« ■**« all losses In 24 hours. Restores
B . [ Manhood, Enlarges ■; Small Organs,
E3|E53 Ps<Ll rures Kmiasions, lin potency. Varico-
HW prni cele, ; Uonorrhcei. Gleet.- Fits,. Stric-
-1 Ujjjl UrigJ lures. Blood Disease and all wasting
; KJ'M £S effects of elf Abate or Excesses.
j fcELSJxsSia Sent sea'ed, $-2 per boule, TllUrJb!
. BOTTLES, $5 : guaranteed to can 1 any case.
DX. HAI.I.'S MEDICAL IXSTITUIJB.
, • 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cai.
All ' private : diseases quickly ; cured. - bend ■ for ,
| free book.
RA7 A AD^V
DA£AAS\
HAVF BowlSf
nAVti Pin Trays,
YOU Tea Bells,
AJMV Night Lamps,
** l^ ■ Banquet Lamps,
nri TTI! Cops and Saucers,
" |L| L Vases,
ULLr Clocks,
ULUI ' Plaques,
wjkt Tea Pots,
i ,1 . T r-* Jardinieres,
YOUR |i I Ash Receivers,
HOME Candlesticks,
Flower Pots, etc.
We have just opened
our NEW LINE.
Nothing can be prettier
than a few pieces of
"DELFT"
To Decorate Your Home.
I ========================
DON'T Small Pieces
FAIL 1C
TO SEE From hP
OUR lUU
DISPLAY. Upward.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The ,GRILL
Ladl ? FTOE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
uFitx tvia mils it r
GREAT BARGAINS
—————— ———_____ WARE
FOR DECORATING
8. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. Room L
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLfcS ;H. PUILLIVs. ATrouNKY-A^
V &7 and Notary Public, 638 MarKet v onh£
■ite Palace Hot*. Telephone 570. ResideuceTb^
1 JT«a street. Telephone « pine ■ 2591. c *°