VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 102.
DEMANDS
WITHDRAWAL
OF TROOPS
Terms Upon Which Greece
Is Willing to Make
Settlement.
KING GEORGE WILL NOT
/ TAKE CHANCES.
Wants Autonomy for Crete or
the Island Annexed to His
Domains.
TROUBLE IS YET BREWING ON
THE FRONTIER.
Greek Forces and the Thessalian
Peasantry So Excited That an
Outbreak Is Expected
LONDON, Esq., March 11.— The Athens
correspondent of the Times telegraphs
that he has obtained from hisrh authority
the outlines of the scheme which Greece is
willing to accept pending a final settle
ment of the Cretan Question. The first
| fcrt of the scheme is that the Turkish
troops be immediately withdrawn from
the island; second, that the restoration of
order be entrusted to part of the European
fleet co-operating with the Greek army,
which wiJl act under a commander of the
joint forces, senior of Colonel Yassos;
Hard, insurgents submit to the powers;
fourth, that after three months a plebis
cite be had to decide whether autonomy
be established or the island be annexed to
Greece; and fifth, that the powers imme
diately induce Turkey to withdraw part of
her troops on the GreeK frontier, Greece
to ■withdraw her troops in the same pro
portion.
The Times says that the Government
retards the chief danger as being on the ;
frontier. Both tfce Greek army and the {
7jj*^.;oJien p*a«antrjf*aie~3o excited that
aa outbreak may occur at any moment.
->O BlLf ri:. i. UMLATITMB,
King George Jttlir* Upon the Justice of
Bin Cause.
ATHENS, Greece, March IL— King
George authorizes the United Associated
Presses to state that he does not expect
nor has be at any time since the present
troubles arose expected either advice or
a: from his relatives upon or near the
throne- of Europe, but relies entirely
upon the justice of Greece's cause. Tne j
King admitted 10 the representative of i
the United Associated Presses that be had i
expected the most from the Prince o:
Wales, -whose wife i- the King's sister, j
and advised nim to influence the recall of
Sic A. Biliotti, the British Consul at
Canea. But his Majesty admitted Bili- |
i was a titled lersonaae and was en
abled to spread official lies concerning the j
trouoles in the island of Crete wnicn |
. found ready believers.
King George further said that the mar
velous mobilization of the Greek fleet had I
provoked the jealousy of the power-.. The j
Greek Government nad deposited the sum
of money necessary to ay the coupon on !
{be debt.
" M. Skouzes, Minister of Foreign Affair?,
bas sent a message to Washington thanK- '
ing the Senate for the resolution of sym
pathy for Greece adopted a fe^r days ago
by i hat body. The publication of the
£enare"s resolution caused much enthu
siasm.
•An easier feeling now prevails in this j
- city. The war fever is slowly subsiding. j
Reserves continue to arrive from the in- I
terior. Enthusiasm still prevails, bat the j
belief that actual warfare has been averted
.is becoming popular. The Government [
Ibas informed France and Great Britain
« bat Greece is willing to place her troops
¥ia Crete under the direction of the powers, '
tlso to abandon her proposal for ■ Cretan
plebiscite, leaving the Cretan Chamber o: i
Deputies to pronounce in favor of au
tonomy or a union with Greece, as it may
elect-
Amilcar Cipriani, the Italian socialist
agitator, arrived here so-day, accom- ,
panied by sixteen volunteer?, for the pur- !
pose of entering the Greek military ser- i
vice. The par.v was met by a moo, in- j
eluding a number of students, and was j
cheered almost incessantly as it marched
through the streets.
Witnesses of the arrival of Cretan re
fugees at I'll Bill, where 8000 of them are
anartercd, described their state as being
extremely pitiable.
JiESCUt; Of MOSLEMS.
Mr Alfred BiolaUi'* Ada Arevt Great
4nimnMtt'f.
CANEA. CErrr, March 11— It cannot be
denied tnat the actions of Sir Alfred
Dio-oui, the British Consul here, during
tbe present disturbances has created a
deep feeling of snitno>i;y against him
snonj the Christians everywhere in the
. hs.'a:>d,.and it is believed that whatever
niT be the outcome of the <tru-_:e : -is
ure. f .ness as Bntisa repres?ntative has
come to an end. His courageous efforts
i^o'wani the resjue of the endangered
A Moslems at Kandamos and *l*ewhere in
!i::.e Seiino district, while admired by even
-is opponents, wili nave no effect upon
me attempts that will certainly be made I
to secure iiis removal Sir Alfred re
turned to Canea from S«!ino to-day. :
l-rin: inz with him the remainder of the
Mo<:ecj3 «no «ere not brought h-re by
t£»* I;*.,aa ran«;or: Trinicia.
The en :re Seiino district is now dear' I
o' ilosem*. a total of 2500 natives and J
The San Francisco Call
600 foldiers having been brought here.
The refugees are desirous of leaving the
island, ami hare urgently requested that
means be furnished to enable them to
reach Smyrna. Sir Alfred is in favor of
this, end has advised that vessels be fur
nished to carry refugees to the desired
port. He sneaks highly of the conduct
of. the leaders of the insurgents, who, he
declares, act»d most honorably, and sev
eral times actually risked their lives to
compel their followers to observe the
pledges they had given.
It has oeen learned that reports to the
effect that the insurgents at Kandamos
were keeping up a continuous tire upon the
town were incorrect. There was merely
desultory rifle fire, which did lit
ile, if any. damage. The Mos
lems who left the places were, it ap
pears, allowed to depart on the promise of
Sir Alfrei Biolotti that they would not
be allowed to attacK the Christians in
other places, and it is perhaps due to this
promise that Sir Alfred so heartily con
curs in the desire expressed by the refu
gee? to leave the island..
If they are compelled to remain here
it is believed that Sir Alfred will find it
difficult to restrain them from again
taking up arm* against the Christiana^
The Moslem civilians were deprived of
their weapons after reaching .-eitno. but
the Turkish soldiers were a:. owed to re
tain t er arms. Reports that reach here
from different parts of the islana lend to
show that the statement that the
Christians will not accept autonomy is in
correct. At any rate the insurgent lead
er-, bavins learned that it is the inten
tion of the powers 10 grant them au
tonomous government, declare that they
w;ll prove to the world that they know
how to behave like civil people.
The girl who was kidnaped by Christians
during the confusion attending the de
parture of the first lot of refugees from
Kaadamos was surrendered by her cap
tors, and she reached Canea to-day among
Tne Piraeus, Port of Athens— Squadron of Foreign Navies at the Anchorage of Phaleron.
SAX FRASTCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 12, 1897.
HEARST IN HIS DUAL CHARACTER.
the other .Moslems, none the worse for her
experience.
Some of the refneeos declare that dur
ing tbe fir ng by the warships upon the
Cbrisians at Selino, who were threaten
ing them while they were embarking, four
persona were kiiled and sixteen injured.
The rejort that British and Italian
transports with troops on board were ly
ing off this port is untrue.
♦
CAVSB Ot JHE DELA.I.
It It ->ot Due to Any Bit eh Among the
Poteen. ; r --'v
LONDON, Eye. March 11.— In answer
to inquiries at the Foreign Otfice the au
thorities state thai there is no hitch
among the powers In regard to their ac
tion in accordance with the terms of their
ultimatum to Greece, but the delay is dne
to the lact that the compromise offered by
Greece in reply to the note of the powers
requires an exchange of views.
In the House of Commons this evening
Sir Witliam Harcourt a?ked the Govern
ment if it was true that Greece was pre-
area to recognize the autonomy of Caete
and the suzerainty of the Sultan.
The Right Hon. George N. Curzon, Par
liamentary Secretary of the Foreign
Office, said in reply to Sir William that
Greece had made a communication to the
Government on the subject of Crete and
that this communication would be laid
upon the table to-ncorrow. He added
that Sir William's question did not ex-
Dress accurately the attitude of Greece,
The Daily News will to-morrow publish
a dispatch from Salouica confirming tiie
report of the unceasing military prepara
tion* that are being made by the Turks.
The officials in Salonica, Macedonia and
Kossandna are securing ail the horses
and mules teloacing to the Christians in
those places. Tney have received orders
from Cons*antinople to collect next year's
taxes n advance. This fact, in connec
tion with the loss of their property, has
caused despair among the Christians and
much di -con tent amorr: the Mussulmans.
A «Uspaccli'~i?om I\-me iv the Daily
says .hat Admiral Ctfu«raro, the Italian
admiral .who is in command ot the com
bined fleets in Cretan waters, insists UDon
the necessity of landing troops' to quell
the rebellion in the interior of the island.
The Italian Government, after conferring
with the Governments of the other powers,
has therefore decided to send a force of
troops to Crete. . , , .
In answer to inquiries at the Foreign
Office the authorities state that there is no
hitch among the powers in regard 10 their
action in accordance with the terms of
their ultimatum to Greece, but toe delay
li due to the fact that the compromise
offered by Greece in reply to the note of
the powers requires an exchange of views.
The Times to-morrow . will s-ay : that
the British barbette ship Cam perdown
has been sent to assist the Italian warship
Hierapetra. - v
Gtß3iA*l I* SIC F.BOK>.
Bent Vpon the Pn'ie-t of Ihe Coercion of
BERLIN". Germoy, March 11. — The
National Zeitong, in presumably an in
-pired article on the Cretan situation, says
that if th" promised Coercion <.f Greece is
not proceeded with Germany will not
take part in any negotiations for the pre
sentation of another note to Greece.
VIENNA, Austria. March 11.— Tbe
Netie Frie Prtsse has an interview had
with King George of Greece in Athens.
The King is reported assaying: ''Greece
has done in Crete as Austria did in the
case of Bosnia, when the Bosnians Chris
tians ok refuge in Austria."
The King also said thai the Greek troops
would remain in Crete and protect Turk
and Greeks alike. His Majesty com
plained of the conduct of Sir A. Biolutti,
the British Consul at Canea, in assisting
the Turk*. Biolotti was a Consul, he sain,
he was a Levantine and more Turkish
than even the 8 i.tan himself.
PARIS, Fbasce, March 11 —In the
' Charter nl Damnifies' t<vd cy i i was agreed
I to tar* up the question of Crete for dis
cussion on Monday next. ,„ .. ? . ~-§ \"
| M. Hanotani explained to the Chamber
that the reply made by Greece to the de
mands of the powers had caused the latter
; to enter into retire negotiations concern- '
! ing lh° situation.
BRUSSELS, Belgium. March 11. —
Thirteen members, of the Chamber of '
Deputies have addressed a message of
sympathy to the Grecian Government.
HO SOT tXVLCI A. CONFLICT.
But Should One l.niii', the Greek* Mould
Jinmily Capture Conetantinopte.
M. D. Vanvaies said yesterday that be
hardly expected "grim-visaeed war" be- !
tween the nations over the crisis in Crete.
He believed that the sentiment of the
European people would not permit the
i power* to proceed to extremes in protect
j ins Turkey against tne legitimate de
j mands of Greece.
If 'he powers would only allow Turkey
' and Greece to settle their own differences,
in twenty-five days after a declaration of
war the Greek army would be at Constan
tinople. It was all very well 10 talk about
the immense numerical superiority of ttie
; Turkish forces. Thee who resorted to
' tuis argument left out of their calcula
! tion? the factor of domestic discontent, ■■
; which, in the event of war arising, would '
rapiiiiv disintegrate the Ottoman Empire. ;
In Macedonia, in Bnlgaria. in Servia, in i
: neariy all the interior provinces, and in ■
1 Constantinople itself, there were thou- ■
! sands of Greeks who would avail them
; selves of the approach of the Greek army
* to create a revolution.
"1 ere are fully 15.000 young Greeks in
j Constantinople," said Vanvaies, "and they
are always prepared to rise aeainst the
Government."
Then again, the Turkish army, though
large, is notoriously discontented. The
I soldiers are ill fed and ill clothed, every
: man Deing a rep.ics 01 sir John t aistan s
j Watt of "ragged exterior." Such forces
| as ihese are not inspired by any over
j whelming spirit of patriotism or p*rsonai
: devotion to the interests of a tyrannical
master, and this indifl-rence will greatly
aid the Gr«?e*- in ttie event of a conflict.
"The Sultan," said Va:iva!es, "cannot
afford to remove the entire army to the
frontier for fear of an iniernai rising,
which will inevitably ensue In case of
war. He will be obliged to split it up in
every direction, and oefore he realized the
sitnation the Greek army wul be investing
his capital."
Vanvaies also believes that the Greek
army has been underestimated. It was
recently stated tuat about 16,000 troops
had been ordered to the Turkish frontier.
"I have no doubt," said Vanvaies. "that
tne King has purposely originated this
report, an J allowed the powers to think
that his resources are smaller than is
really tne case for very obvious reasons.
"Tne Turkish Government is bankrupt
and cannot continue the struggle for any
lensth of time. Of course Greece is not
very rca either, but it must be remem
bere 1 that tuere are many wealthy Greek
merchants in various pnrts of Europe who
would not hesitate to finance tne Greek
Government s.io:: 1 the neces ity ari«e."
The Hellenic Socetv b&s raised, in al ,
nearly |1000 io- 'he sufferer- in C:ete.
URUGUAY REBELS.
They Have Captured the Tcwn of San
Jose and a B.g Battle /s
Imminent.
NEW YOKK, & V.. March 12.-Tbe
Heraid'n stecial cable Irom Buenos Ayres
says: Adv. ces from Montevideo, Urueuay,
say there is a report there that the Uru
gaan rebels have captured the town of
2a n Jose.
There has been a mntiny in tLe Curanim
garrison, though the result of it is not yet
known in M : :evideo.
It is announced that a battle with the
reToiutionists is imminent, and prepara
tions are being made to tnat en ..
One official train has been detained by
the rebel?', and considerable fear has
arisen throughout Uruguay. As a result
there is an exodus and many families are
leaving there.
Advices from Rio de Janeiro state thaf
the Government has sent 13,000 men to
Bilua and whi send three war vessels,
lour quick-fire batteries and several com
panies of volunteer troops to Babia agaiust
the fa-.atics.
It is now proved that aid in tne form cf
money and arms has b en extended to
the fanatics by the monarchists in Braz:..
Another apostle has arisen in the Stale
of Parana with ¥Jj men. and they say tbey
are willing to die for monarchy.
Rn>- Barbosa has sailed from Rio Janeiro
for Europe to arrange with France for a
settlement of the Guiana boundary ques
tion.
The rero-t that Colonel Tamarindo, one
of the members of the Brazilian troops,
has been killed, has been confirmed.
A Degrre *fi Cheer* for Bayard.
LONDON, E*g. March IL— Tbe Uni
versity of Camcriage conferred the de
gree of LL.D. upon lion. Tiiomas F.
Bayard. United States Embassador, to
day. In bestowine tbe honor the public
orator. J. E. Sandys, delivered an address
ie wa eh he reierred to Mr. B%yard as
"the at»ie representative of a Nation near
to us by ties of bi-vni and language." Tbe
students cheered Mr Bayard lustily.
Jntur/fr tt' \lc nrti ■»* l~ra<juatj.
• MONTEVIDEO. Urcgcay, Siarcb IL—
Information was received bere that the
Government troops bave been defeated in
batue by the insurgents.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LONG GREEN
IS AGAIN IN
CONTEMPT
Body of the Convicted
Faker Is Not Produced
in Court.
FRESH LIBERTY GAINED
BY TRICKERY.
But the Fakers Will Not Escape
the Punishment Ordered
by the Senate.
JUDGE HUGHES GRANTS AN
OTHER CONTINUANCE.
By Direction cf the Senate the Attor*
ney- General Will Sse That Jus
tice I» Not Juigled With.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 11.- By
an evidently prearranged programme
Long Green Lawrence was in contempt of
the court whicn he selected and specially
imported from Wooaiaad to hear tne ha
beas corpus matter in connection with the
Senate contempt commitment. His of
fense was permitted to go unnoticed
through the tacit consent of Judge
Hughes and the oversight of the attor
neys representing the State.
Dejpite tne fact that the specifically de
fined purpose and very essence of a writ of
habeas corpus is that the body of the
prisoner be brought into court at the time
the hearing is set the faker-in-cbief of the
faking m narch bad the assurance not
only to absent himself from this city at
the time waen tie should have be«n
brought into court by the Sheriff, but took
him?eif away to San Francisco.
There cr»n be no question that this ac
tion should have worked a forfeiture of
the baii of the prisoner. The failure of
the Judge to lake cognizance of this fresh
contemnt of the Kxaminer's m&nazisg
taker was, to say the least, an exhibition
|of disrespect on the part of the Jud^e
' toward the Senate of the State of Califor
nia and a debasement of the dignity of t:ii»
bench, in view of the importance of the
matters at is-ue, that was both unaecet
i sary an«l unseemly.
It is customary in cases of this kind for
j the Jndge in opening the proceedings to
• make inquiry of the Sheriff whether he
j has complied with the order in the writ
and has brought the prisoner into court.
In this instance, however, this formality
was dispensed with and the very existence
of the absent prisoner apparently for
! gotten.
Thoush the scene of action had changed
from the Capitol to the City Hall of Sncr.%
meitto interest in tne bribery investiga
tion and the contemot offenses incident
thereto bp«i not abated in the slightest
degree. When the court openerf tne at
tendance packed the courtroom and laige
numbers haa to i?atis!y their curiosity by
waiting in the corridors until the proceed
ings were concluded. Their patience was
not taxed long, for the entire affair — both
sessions— did not occupy thirty minutes.
In the Senate investigation committee
the courtesy was voluntarily and without
request extended to tfce Examner people
of being allowed counsel. In return for
this Generous consideration on the part of
the Senate the Examiner's attorneys did
nor have the grace to see tbat official no
tice was given tbe Senate of the habeas
corpus proceedings, and for this reason a
postponement of the bearing bad to be
tasen unttl to-morrow at 10 a. m.
It was only aft-r the first session of the
j court and on the suggestion of District
i Attorney Rva:i tbat such notice was or-
I dered by the court. The Senate there
j upon passed a resolution reque«tinz the
| Attorney- Genera! to appear in the matter
;in its behalf. When tne hearing wa« re-
I sumed AjsiHtar.t Attorney-General Ander
! son, owing to the Illness of Attorney-Gen
eral Fi'z.'era.d, acted for the Senate and
I secured the postponement as stated. He
i will be asssted by Deputy Attorney-Gen
eral C. N. Post, who was also present.
Long Green Lawrence arrived from S»n
I Francisco to-night »nd will probatly
mate his appearance in court to-morrow.
PROCEEDINGS IN COURT.
Liberty of the Convicted Fakers
Extended by One More
Continuance.
SACRAMENTO. Cai_. March 11.— Not
another person cou d be packed into the
courtroom in which was to b» heard the
Dabeas corpus cases of | Long Green Law
: rence and L. L. Levingj when Judge
Hushes called th • court to order at about
: 1:4-5 o'clock this afternoon.
The time set for tne hearing was 1 :30.
A few minutes before that hour Garret
McEnerney and A- J. Clunie, attorneys
for the prisoners, accom pan by L L.
Levines, entered the courtroom and took
their seats at the desK provided for at
\ torneys. The spectators looked ia vain
for the laker-in-chief of the Examiner.
Jud?e Hughes made bis appearance
ebont fifteen minute.- later, and on taking
his seat announced that he ad invited
Judges Hunt and Hart to sit with him.
Hart, however, dirt not appear, and iba
bearing procee-ed before Judges Hughes
and Hunt.
immediately ie formalities announcing
that the court was in session were ever
AlcEnerney stated that be tbocgnt it ne
cessary to have a re urn of the writ tiled,
unless certain matters were stipulated, as
there bad apparently been some misun
derstanding in reference to the service of
the writ.
, District Attorney Ryan, explaining first
that be did doc appear as attorney for the
Senate or any of the parties interested, ia»2
formed the court that he thought the Sen
a c should have an official notification of
the matter, and that a lik courte>-y
should be extended to the Attorney-Gen
eral. He suggested that the Sheriff should
notify the Senate.
McEnerney, addressing his honor, re
marked that the Senate in its wisdom had
uriitred these men into the custody of the
Sheriff of Sacramento County. He stated
that the writ as issued by the court was
d:rected to both the Sheriff and the Ser
geant-ai-arms, but that the latter ha 1 pre
viously delivered the prisoners to the
Sheriff. .For this reason, he declared, it
was not the duty of the petitioners to
notify the Senate or the Attorney-General
of these proceedings. He added that on
Tuesday Senator Morehouse gave evidence
on the floor of the Senate that he had
knowledge of the writ having been issued.
He then continued as follows: 'If your
Honor thinks proper we should give more
notice than this, we are here to obey the
directions of your Honor concerning the
matter."
To this Judge Hughes replied as follows:
"1 mink both sides should be represented.
Wluie it is noi the practice of courts to
t-erve notice in cases of this kind, this is
an important matter and some notice
should be served on the other side.
1 he court will direct tue clerk to place in
the hamls of the Sheriff a notice to be
se.ved on the presiuent of the Senate, and
so 10 the ijenute through the president,
that A. 11. Lawrence and L. L. Levinas
liave been brought before this court on
habeas corpus on the allegation that they
are illegally restrained of their liberty,
and the matter will be taken up at 3:30
r. m "
iiiEnerney jumped at the opportunity
ior s-ecurmg iurther delay and freedom
ior his clients. He suggested that this
was raiher *iiort notice.
Diotrict Attorney Ryan Interposed with
a timely buguesion by stating that this
no. ice snould be served and that if the
time was considered too short the ether
side could so state when they appeared
later.
McEnerney at this point endeavored to
muke capital for the fakers and at the same
time carry favor with the Jud-ie, by aiatinc
that B8 a preliminary matter and in jus
tice to himseif and his associates and the
court he wisaed to call attention to the
fact that con iderable exception had been
tuken to the admission of the prisoners to
bail.
Judge Hunt remarked that that was
some ibing tttat the court would take up
later.
McEnerney informed tbe court there
was a witness present, in tlie person
Deputy Cierk McCraney of the Supreme
Cuuit, who would testify that this was me
practice of the Supreme Court. On the
t-ugges'.ion o> AicEnerney the witness waa
ordered to appear when the court con
vened later.
Ciunie asked that the time be made 4
o'clock. The cot.rt consented, and ad
journment was taken to thai hour.
Promptly at 4 o'cocK Judge Hughes
opened coun by a k;iij; if both sides were
retdv 10 proceed. Assistant Attorney-
General W. H. Anders.'ii arose and ad
dressed tne court as follows: "If the
court piease, in this matter the Senate
pa.-sed a resolution this afternoon request
ma the Attorney-General to appear on its
behalf and represent them in this matter.
Tiie Attorney-Gem ral is absent and knows
nothing of this resolution. I attempt d,
on my part, to communicate with him,
and was informed that he had left his
office lv gan Francisco and gone home un
weil.
. • "Out of regard to the Senate I have
- concluded to appear here with Judge
' Tost, one of the deputies, to represent the
Senate in this matter. But we only re
ceived this notice a half hour ago and of
course are not prepared to argue the mat
. ter just at present. I have consulted with
■ the attorneys for the petitioners and they
have agreed to let the matter go over until
10 o'clock to-morrow morning. The At
torney-General, it has been repeatedly
held by the Supreme Court, has nothing
to do with habeas corpus mailers; they
are said to be local affairs and that it is
the duty of the District Attorney to con
duct them. We will appear, however, in
.accordance with the resolution of the
Sena c. '
To this Jud^e Hughes remarked: "The
court was informed that shortly after the
.issuance of the writ in this matter the In
vestigating Comru ttee o: the Senate, the
■members of the Judiciary Committee and
oilier members of the Senate were notified
of the issuance of the writ, and also that
some one connected witn the Attorney-
General's office had been notified. This
was deemed sufficient, but the Sheriff was
al-o instructed to serve the notice; the law
.requires a speedy bearing of the matter,
but as the time was short since serving of
the notice, I think the request for a con
tinuance is reasonable."
Witness was notified to appear in court
at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning without
-any further subpena, ana adjournment
.until that hour was taken.
EXPLAIN THEIR ACTS.
Georare W. Baker and W. F. Herrln
Testify Before the Assembly In
vestigating Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 11.— The
Assembly investigating toruraitiee re
ceived corroborative evidence this after
noon of the fact that the Examiner's
libelous c arge of legislative bribery was
founded upon rumor.
George W. Baker and W. F. Herrin, the
men for whom t lie Examiner bad shouted
the most loudiy, were there, having come
at once to Sacramento as soon as they
learned that the committee wished to
take their testimony. They told what
they knew of Caniinetti's bill, and their
evidence was in line with that which was
produced heietofore. It was simply to
the effect that Mr. Baker wr.s the attor
ney lor the Lquo:-dealers' Association ;
that the association wanted the bill
passed in o r der to protect them from the
bias of prohibition Judges in prohibition
districts: be cau>ed the bill to be intro
duced ; that he went to Alvinza Hay ward,
knowing that Mr. Hayward was a client of
Mr. Herrin, and requested Mr. Hayward
to use hi? influence with Mr. Herrin to
in turn use bis influence with Senator
Moreiiouse, who was a schoolmate of that
gentleman.
Mr. Herrin'a testimony was to the effect
that he was not at ail interested in the
bill and did not wish to be, but that in
order to oblige his client, Mr. Hayward,
lie wired Senator Storehouse to cease his
opposition to the oil until he had an
opportunity of seeing him and explaining
the matter. Mr. Baker said that the
president of the Liquor dealers' Asso
ciation instructed him to introduce the
bill. Mr. Baker said that he did not come
to the Capitol with a circus wagon, an
elephant and a bras* band, to advertise
the fact that the l quor men had a bill
before the Legislature, because ho had a
fair and just bill before the Legislature
and it was beaten for the reason that it
was a liquor measure. Men indorsed for
office by that association were supposed to
be. opposed to any measure unfriendly to
the liquor interest. It would be im-
Bossible for him to get any bill through
the L«egis ature if it was known that the
lquor-dealers were behind it, and for that
reason he had not spoken to a member of
the lobby, nor to any one whom ttie
association had indorsed, for fear that if
they came forward the bill would be
defeated by that -act.
Clunie, kicking his way out of the snow
slide, camo smilingly into the cross-exam
ination. He thought that a pleasant
place in which to cast lis fishine lines
was the office of the L quor-dealers' Asso
ciation, and he wanted to know if the
liquor-dealers would not send their books
up to Sacrnmento for his inspection. Mr.
Baker quietly responded that ha denied
the rigut of Clunie to inquire into the
private affairs of his clients.
Mr. Valentine said that absolutely
nothing had been presented to the com
mittee to show ttiat there wa3 any found
ation for the Examiner's charges. "Mr.
Clunie has sat here for nearly two hours
in the hope that he would get on to some
thing," added Valentine, "but he has ab
solutely failed to bring a single iota of
evidence that would throw any lisrht on
this charge made by tne Examiner. This
latter prjposition is ridiculous and ab
surd and we have no time to fritter away
on it. If the gentleman is s-incere in his
desire to assist this committee in ascer
taining whether or not there are members
of this Legislature who nave been bribed
be shouid direct bis inquiries to that
point."
Clunie smiled an Examiner smile, which
the same is an unutterable thing founded
on rumor. Chairman Belshaw remarked
that it did not make any difference who
presented or prepared the bill. That had
nothing to do with the ca<-e. The proposi
tion was, Had any member of the As
sembly Deen bribed?
Mr. Baker went on to say that he had
spoken about the bill to C. I). Lane, j
Alvinza Hayward, Assemblyman Cami- j
netti and Senators Langford and Voorheis. !
He mijrbt have talked with Assemblyman \
Dibble, but he was not po*i:ive as to that. |
He had asked Mr. Dargie to see Assembly- j
man Leavitt about the bill. He had also
sent a telegram to Mr. Herrin in relation
to the matter.
"Will you consent to the production of
that telegram?" a^ked Ciunie.
Mr. Baker was quick with his response.
"1 will, if the Examiner wi:l consent to
the production of its telegrams relating to
th;«biH."
Mr. Baker smiled, as he thought of the
vaiuabie mine of information that would
be developed if the Examiner's telegrams
showing how the libel was cooked up
could be produced. Mr. Ciunie smiled
also, but did not consent.
Mr. Baker went on to say that Senator
Morehoaso had mnde a very virulent at
tack on the bill, cvi ently under a mis- |
conception as to its object, and he had I
asked Mr. Hayward and Mr. Crss(not|
the Assemb<y man by that name) by tele- |
graph to S6e Mr. Herrin and request him j
to use his influence with Senator More- ;
house to cease his opposition. After the i
bill had passed Mr. Baker told Senator j
Morehouse that lie had been altogemer ',
mistaken in the view he had taken of the
bi.l.
W. F. Herrin was sworn and made his
statement in a straightforward manner. He
sail that he had no correspondence what
ever with any member of the Assembly,
but he had sent to Senator Morehouse the
telegram which had been published in
The Call. Alvinza Hay ward was a client
of his, and Mr. Hay ward and Mr. Baker
had asked him to help the bill. In dis
cussing the bill with the two gentlemen
named Mr. Herr.n had understood its pro
visions to be thai a person could get a
change of venue merely on making an
ailiuavit tnuL the Judge was biased with
out further showing.
"1 thought ihat was wronc," said Mr.
Herrin, "uud I stated my objections lo
Mr. Hayward, who had taken Mr. Baker's
aide ot the argument, and Mr. Hayward
said ti:at if such a law existed when the
Hale & Xorcrosi case was tried he could
have secured a fair judgment. I told him.
that no case would justify the passage of
a Dad law."
Mr. Herrin went on to tell how Mr.
Baker had named several Stales in which
a similar law was in force. He himself
had sent no telegraiu3 with reference to
that bill to any member of the Assembly,
and wittj the exception of Alvinza Hay
ward he had no client interested in the
bill. Mr. Hayward's language was that
Mr. Baker had come to his cilice and in
formed him that Senator Morehouse was
opposing the bill, and Baiter was very
anxious to have Mr. Herrin ask the Sena
tor to cease his opposition.
Mr. Herrin replied to Mr. Hayward: " 'I
don't like to interfere in this matter or
have anything to do with it. Ii is a mat
ter oi no interest to me, and I would
rather not have anything to do with it.'
Tnen Mr. Hayward 6aid, 'I wish you
would,' and he was so emphatic in that re
quest that J said, 'Very well; I will do
what I can,' and I sent the dispatch.
"It is a common saying without any
truth whatever that the oouthern Pacific
Company is behind this bill or ihat— at
least the Examiner says so — and it is for
that reason that 1 didn't want to inteifere
in the matter; but Mr. Hayward asked it
as a personal favor, and that is why 1 did
what I have te i;;i ••; to. I attached no
importance to the Hale & Norcross aui:.
The probability is that after the Supreme
Court has got through with it there will
not be very much lle t in the way of a new
trial. 1 have Known Senator Morehouse
for fifteen years before I became connected
with the railroad company. We had been
youne men together, and therefore I felt
that 1 couid K>k him to do me a javor."
The committee adjournett until 9 o'clocK
to-morrow.
MM BEZA.TU ASU A>sl. UIiLT.
I'aaaage of the Bill in Piy 'the Claim of
Itrnnif Jordan.
SACRAMENTO, Cal, March 11.— An
effort was made this morning in the Sen
ate to reconsider the vote whereoy the bill
giving the Board of Health the power to
subpena witnesses, and to compel their
attendance, v.as defeated yesterday. The
effort failed.
The remainder of the morning session
was given up to the reading of bills on the
second reading file.
- The Senate this afternoon passed the
following Assembly bills as amended: By
Strain, fixing fish and game regulations;
by Emmons, permitting grand juries to
hold lor more than one year, at the dis
cretion of the Superior v Jud c;. by Dibble,
prohibiting the use or the United States
flag for advertising purposes, was passed
Dually and sent to the Governor.
Austin's bill, specifying property liable
to taxation for tho purposes of revenue,
was withdrawn.
The Senate to-night passed Assembly
bills as follows: Appropriating $4800 to
pay the Examiner for publishing consti
tutional amendments; same Bulletin
$2478. Appropriating $877 to pay the
claim of Luke Kavanaugh for reporting
and transcribing testimony for the Board
of Health providing for the appointment
of a mining inspector in each Congres
sional district; appropriating $5000 for
their compensation appropriating $63,530
to . pay the claim of Dennis Jordan
for balance due for work done on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1807.
Folsotn penitentiary ; permitting the Cali
fornia Home for Feeble Minded Children
to admit idiots, epileptics and mentally
enfeebled paralytics itito the institution ;
al-o Senate bills providing for the protec
tion and preservation of public highways;
amending section 671 of the Code of
Civil Procedure relating to judgment
henb.
Bridgford's Assembly bill amending
the section of the Code of Civil Procedure
relating to changes ol venue, which was a
substitute for the famous bill concerning
I •which charges of bribery were made by
the Examiner, was lost.
When the Jordan claim came up Bulla
offered an amendment reducing the ap
propriation to $20,000, but his motion to
commit to a select committee for amend
ment was defeated, and upon rollcall the
bill passed a vote of 29 ayes to 6 noes,
'Italia, Gillette, Halloway, LahgfonJ.Voor
heis and Withington voting no.
In the Assembly this morning a com
mittee of three was appointed to amend
the Shanahan income tax law. The vote
was strictly partisan, as was also the de
bate on the subject.
The Assembly passed the bill amending
the act for the protection of children.
The coyote scalp bill, carrying an appro
priation of $287,000, was passed— to 21.
Notice o^ reconsideration was given.
The Assembly this afternoon passed the
Assembly bill regulating public ware
! house:! other tnan for storage of grain or
wool; al-o Assembly bill regu a ling the
profession of public accountants and pro
viding for registration of accountants; ap
propriating $00,000 for erection of a ward
building lor the Southern Calilornia In
sane Asylum.
Belshaw's Assembly constitutional
amendment relative to revenue and
taxation was adopted.
The Assembly to-night passed the Sen
ate bill providing for the purchase of the
portrait of ex-Governor . H. H. Markham,
appropriating $300 therelor; nlso As
sembly bills appropriating $10,000 to pay
the claim of A. J. .Bourne against the
State; appropriating $8100 to pay th •
claim of Major Jose Ramon Pico,
for organiz ng a company during
the rebellion; $1348 to pay the
claim oi Britton it Key for furnishing
maps for the Commissioner of Public
Works; $1078 to pay Bntton & Key for
maps furnished State Mining Bureau;
$1233 to pay the claim of Clement i'.enneti
for reporting the case of lie Southern Pa
cific against the Board of Railroad Com
mhMoners.
Giiy introduced a concurrent resolution
to permit the Governor to absent himself
from the State for six mon.hs, which went
over, no quorum being present in the
House.
I.EAVITT HI. />> JHE LIE.
Takes f ace f pi ion to Mint the Assembly- '
man front Atnador Sayt.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., March 11.— As
semblymun Leuv.it constructively called
Assemblyman Caminetti a liar in the As
sembly chamber this afternoon and virtu
ally challenged him to tight with or with
} out deadly weapons.
.Leavitt was not rebuked. A little thing
j like that does not raffle a feather on the
i decorous breast of the Assembly, which
! has become a Catherine almost as dis-
I orderly as a ward caucus in Sacramento
j when "the air is darkened with clenched
j tisis and living cuspidors.
The disgraceful and not very common
! episode took place in the progress of &
j discussion on certain proposed amend
ments to Senate bill No. 507, authorizing
I the State Board of Harbor Commissioners
to set aside a space on the City front lor a
public market. Clark had offered an
j amendment designating as to locality for
the fr«»e market a portion of the water
! front"not.now producing revenue to the
i State."
I Shanahan made a heated speech, in
! which In charged that United States
! Senator Perkins was attempting to mo
| nopolize the water front of San Francisco.
Norm of Alaraeda contended that the
• Southern Pacific Company was trying to
| grab eisriit or ten acres of the City "front.
Slianahan denied that ie was a railroad
I bill. It was for the benefit of the farmers
i and fruit-growers of California.
Leavitt said that he was glad to see the
gentleman from Shasta rise in bis seat
with righteousness of sprit, "but," added
, Leavitt, '"when he stops to consider tliat
: the majority of this House voted to send
j the Hon. George C. Perkins to the United
I States Senate tney believed and knew him
I to be an honorable man, and 1 say that it
; is a most outrage ous,uncalled-for and con-
I temptible attack upon an honorable
, gentleman. 1 '
I "I deny the attack," shouted Slianahan.
Then Caminetti mixed up in the rue
• tion. He steppe out into the aisle and
| blinking his ringer at Leavitt shouted: I
! "You were against Mr. Perkins before the
; caucus and your own papers said that you
! were."
Leavitt, white . with passion, brought
| his clenched list down upon the table and
: exclaimed: "I desire to brand the state
! ment that I was against George C. Per
' Kins be. ore the caucus as a he pure and
j simple, and any man who says so is a liar.
! I ask that my words be taken down."
Then he added something about being
willing to meet any gentleman who might
take exce-puon to his brand, in any
j manner, at any time and at any place.
Instead of being called to order, Mr.
I Leavitt was applaudeJ.
Price of Sonoma informed the Assembly
j that the farmers' institute of that county
i had signified to him its de-ire that an
! amendment should ue made authorizing
the Harbor Commissioners to also set
aside a free space for commission men.
This amendment was denounced by the
agricultural members as designed to give
commission men clii es tree, of rent and
I would be equal to the destruction of the
' free market.
The amendment was voted down an I
an amendment by Shanahan was adopted
changing the words "commission mer
' chants" to agents.
UEORGE T. BVJB.BX CBOSE.\.
Appointed Pilot Cotitmisaioner to Suc
ceed Joltn Uoekett.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., March 11.— The
Governor to-day tui raitted bo the Senate
the appointment of (ieorge T. .Bohen of
San Francisco to be Pilot Commissioner,
vice John Hackett. Bolien is now Presi
dent or the Board of Fire Commissioners
of San Francisco.
George T. Bohen is a prominent man in
fire insurance and political circles. He
has been in California since early days
and has held nearly every office within
the gift of the Exe:npt. Fire Company.
He is now president of ;t. He was a close
lriend of ttie late Chief SoannelJ, his nume
being connected with nearly everything
ihe old Chiei d'd.
Mr. Bouen is president of the Fire Com
mission.
The new appointee is a broker for the
Alliance As-urance Company. He has
been connected with the company for
several years. He was superintendent of
Streets lor four years years ago.
Approved by the Onrernor.
SACRAMENTO, <'al., March 11.— The
following Dills w<re approved by Governor
Badd to-day: As embly bill 843, to pro
tect the rights of the owners in the Me-
Near wharf franchise at Port Costa; As
sembly bill 108, enabling cities and towns
to lease properties io associations of
ex-Union sola. ers and sailors; the aot to
amend section 2003 of the Political Code
and A-iStmbiy bill 622, cedng the juris
diction of the Yountville home to the
State.
J'nniihmriit at Two <.>..<« a Tear.
WHITE PLAINS, N. V., March 11.—
For robbing a man of forty cents William
Jeffery was taken to Sing Sing prison yes
terday to s-rve a sentence of twenty years'
imprisonment imposed upon him by
County Judse Lent for this crime.
Jeffrey was hi Peefcskill a nionth a-.:o,
and while in a restaurant owned by John
H. G.mison he assaulted Garrison for the
purpose of robbery. Jeffrey, who is a
powerful man, knocked tr.s victim down
and robbed turn of forty cents.
LOOKS LIKE A
SIEGE OF HAVANA
Insurgents Are Raiding
Towns Close to the
Capital.
They Set Co fligrations and
Take $io,ood From the City
ot Guinea
Spanish Authorities Recklessly Search
the H:usa of an Eng ish Pro-
Cons a ■
HAVANA, Cuba, March 11 (via Key
West, Fla.), March 11.— Monday night a
band of wsll-known Cuban patriots en
tered the strongly fortified town of Be
jucal, in Havana Province, sacking all the
stores of the Dlace and burning fifteen
houses. Details are lacking.
It i- also reported that another party of
rebels, commanded by Castillo, captured
the town of Qaivicin, aud burned several
houses of the place.
The Dr. Ruiz incident is still occupy
incthe attention of Consul-General Loe.
Spain has ordered a fresh investigation of
the fact^ of Ruz' death, but General Lee
is quoted as saying that he does not clearly
see how the investigation can be properly
carried out. No witnesses will testify
aeainst Major Fondeviela or the warden
oft ejail, for they could only do so on
lear of their lives.
Personal friends of General Lee affirm
that as soon as he shall have settled all
ihe pending matters ho has on hand and
got them ia proper shape h3 will resign
his i ost and return 10 the United States.
A letter received from Santiago de
Cuba, dated the 4:h inst., refers to an in
cident which shows the utter lack of con
sideration which the Spanish authonties
have with the representative.! of foreign
powers. By order oi the Chief of Police
the house of Robert Mason, England's
Pro-Consul and acting Chinese Consul,
was thoroughly searched, ' but nothing
was found oi a compromising nature. Mr.
Mason was not present during the search,
and as soon as he heard of the outrage he
at once reported the fact to the British
Consiul-General, Fred Ramsden, who
called on the civil Government and ample
( apologies were given on the spot.
The Judge of the court at Guanabacoa
has ratih-. d tiie action of the Spanish an
tboritics in imprisoning Charles Scott, the
Americim citizen, who was arrested on
February 9 last ou the charge oi having
Cuban postage stamps in bis possession.
This means that the case will continue
under the ordinary procedure until it is
finally disposed of.
Ttie Matanzas District Court has sus
pended proceedings against Francisco
Larrieu, an American citizen, who was
ai res;ed at Cardenas on May 15, 1896, and
he will soon be released.
The presence in Santa Clara of Weyler's
brigade indicates an important movement
|of the rebels in that direction. Last night
the town of Marianano, on the outskirts
of Havana, was hred upon, creating greal
alarm.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— A dis
patch to the bun from Havana says: The
insurgents havo attacked the important
town of Guines in the province of Havana,
burning twenty-five houses, ransacking
all the stores and taking $10,000 from the
municipal safe.
The Spanish garrison resisted for two
hours, but after losing all hopes of re-en
forcements fortified itself in the church,
leaving the town defenseless. T. © Span
ish losses are reported to be very heavy.
Two trains have been blown up with
dynamite by the insurgents at Facotaco
on the Santa Clara line. In both cases
many Spanish soidiers were Killed.
BPAMSH CRVELTX IS MEXICO.
O fliers Itut/lntj Ears** -Narrowly
H* rapid fl«inj Mobbrd.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— A sen
rational story reai bed this city to-day, on
the Ward line steamship Yucatan, of an
uprising on the part of the people in the
Mexican city of V.era Crul against five
Spanish officers, who are there buying
mules for the use of the Spanish army in
Cuba. The details are vouched for by an
American citizen who arrived on the
steamship, and who was in Vera Cruz on
the night of the occurrence. This is
the story:
In all the Spanish cities on th» Mexican
coast there are colonies of Cuban refugees.
The tales of these unfortunates about
Spanish cruelties in Cuba have aroused
the laggard Mexicans to a great state of
indignation against the Spaniards.
Just before the Yucatan left Vera Cruz
five Spanish ofheers from Havana reached
there. They were well supplied with
money, and came to purchase horse* and
mules for the Spanish troops in Cuba.
While in the public market one afternoon
several littie Mexican boys surrounded
them, and with yells of derision greeted
the strutting Spanish officers. One of the
latter, a ran nearly six feet tall, lost con
trol of his temper and brutally kicked one
of the boys in the stomach.
. The little fellow groaned and fell to the
ground. ,•:!< :-
Immediately the market-place was in
an uproar. Blankets were , thrown from
the shoulders of the sleepy Mexicans and
machetes were unsheathed. The Mexi
cans were furious at the Spaniard's as
sault on the boy, and with blazing eyes
started in to avenge it.
The Spaniards fled for their lives to po
lice headquarters. In a few, minutes the
whole town had heard of the outrage, and
a crowd of several hundred indignant citi
zens besieged the station. The police
force of the town, fearing that "the popu
lace would overpower them and get pos
session of the Spaniards, called oat the
militia, and it took the whole garrison of
the Vera Cruz station to keep the augry
citizens in check.
Ail night long the Mexicans hung
around the prison, and the next morning
tiie Spaniards conducted tneir business
wr lii in- horse dealers surrounded by a
company of Mexican soldiers. When
they left the next day for Havana they
were also under police protection.
The Yucatan also brings news from Pro
eresso, Tampico and other coast towns in
Mexico of the great jubilation among the
Cubans and Mexicans there at tbe an
nouncement of Consul-General Lee's re
quest lor warships in Havana harbor.
The Mexicans are becoming more in sym
pathy with tbe Cubans every day, and
General Lee's request of the State Depart
ment is construed as the forerunner of in
teresting international complications. Tbe
Cuban colonie i in al! these cities bedecked
their headquarters wi:h the 11 igs of Cuba,
Mexico and the United States on the re
ceipt of the news.
SHOT BY MISTAKE.
A Cleveland Merchant Walked at Midnight
in Range oi Bullets and Fell
Monal y Wounded.
CHICAGO, 111. March 11.— Bullets
fired by police officers and Pinkerton
watchmen in pursue of a burglar struck
Albert Zeixnex of Cleveland, Ohio, mer
chant, and he is at the County Hospital in
a dying condition. The shooting took
place shortly after midnight thi morning
in Plymouth place, opposi'e the Great
Northern Hotel, where Z* nier was a
guest. He left the hotel at 12 o'clock for
a short vtroil before retiring. He walked
about 300 feet south in Plymouth pace,
and was returning to the" hotel when a
'hief, pursued by several policemen and
P.nkefton watchmen, dasheu past him.
Five or six shots wore fired at the fleeing
burglar by the officers in pursuit and
Zeimer was in range of the builet-. Two
of the leaden missiles struck Zeimer aud
he fell to the eround mortally wounded.
An hour ait r this exciting incident in
Plymouth place a policeman found the
body of a man propped up against the
Marshall Field wholesale house, Madison
and Market streets. A bullet had drilled
a hole in his aldomen. In h'S pocket w.is
found a letter cdUrcsed to "G. B'.ack, 109
Franklin street."
It is supposed that the dead man was
one of the burglars sho' at by the police
and wounded by an officer* bullet. The
burglar who dashed past Zeimer was
caught aud gave the name of Otto Rei
mann.
SOMETHING DRASTIC.
Trouble Threatens Between Passenger As~
sedations and the Southern Pacfic
on Immigrant Commissions.
CHICAGO, 111., March 11. — The old
question of payment of commissions on
immigrant transcontinental business,
which seemed to be in a fair way to be
settled by the recent action of the South
ern Pacific, has assumed ita original
troublesome phase.
The Southern Pacific and its connecting
lines have been paying, for a long time, a
lar.er commission on immigrant business
from the Atlantic seaboard than is allowed
by the Western Immigrant Clearing
house. The Southern Pacific has been
repeatrd y pressed to reduce coninn sions
to an equality with its coiupetiturs. Re
cently it agreed to equalize such comm.s
sions if its connections would agree, and
the trouble which threatened the stability
of transcontinental passenger raus was
regarded as practically settled.
Now the Pacific hns notified
the j'ssociation that its Eastern connections
have reiu-ed to join in tue equalizing
proposition. In consequence Cnairman
Caidwel! has called a mt-eting of compa
nies representing the Wi siern and Con*
linental Passenger As?oe ations, when
drastic measures are expected lo be taken.
TH A T TK LhOU I'll I* t- CISIOS.
It Will Compel ttie Union Pacific to Obey
Jts t'ranchiHe.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.—Speak
ing of the order lo be filed requiring the
Union Pacific Railway to operate its own
telegraph lines in place oi the Western
Union Telegraph Company, W. W. Fear
| one, general counsel for the Western
Union, said to-day:
"The intention of the decision is to
compel the Union Pacific to observe that
purt of its franchise which provides for
its operating a telegraph line. There is no
intention to discriminate i gainst the tele
graph corporation. It i* fair to presume
mat the court order will make reference
to equity. We own most ol the wires and
practically all of the instruments on the
Union Pacific line. It is scarcely nroiable
the court will compel the Union Pacific to
build an entirely independent sy>teni. It
is more likely the Union Pacific win oper
ate the lines, hut will handle messages
delivered to it either by individuals or
other telegraph companies."
THE cots HA.H IS oy.
3he Sugar Truat ontl th* Arbuckle*
Jittjin to lif Price:
CHICAGO. 111.. March 11.— A Tribune
special irom New York says: The sugar
trust opened its attack yesterday on the
practical monopolists of coffee — the
Arbuckle Brothers. The sugar trust, which
controls the Wuolson Spice Company,
dropped the price one-half cent per pound,
and no sooner was the cut announced than
the Arbuckles announced a similar cut.
The Haverueyer interests also announced
an increase of an eighth of a cent per
pound on all grades of siiL-ar. The cut.
and the raise are not exact compensations,
for the Woolson mills will lose tiy its cut
less than the sugar trust will gain Dy its
advance of one-eighth cent per pound.
Jiff. 't-trnr on MHmetallinm.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— At an
informal reci'p;ion held last night at the
BarthDldi Hotel the Hon. Charles A.
Towne of Minnesota spoke as follows with
reference to the prospect of international
bimetallism: "If the accomplishment of
international bimetallism is expected to
occur with the co-operation ot Great
Britain all hope of it may as well be aban
doned. If those who call themselves bi
metallists within the Republican party
are not ready to attempt the solution of
the problem in conn ctioti with Russia,
German y and France, or with some of the
leading commercial nations excusive of
England, then they may aa well stop right
where they are."
A Deal in Cold Steel.
HARRISBUKG, Pa., March
parently an authentic report is in circu
lation thai Carnegie has arranged with
the Pennsylvania Steel Company whereby
Carnegie furnishes it with soft steel billets
a dollar a ton less than it costs to make
them at Steelton. In consideration for
this all the Carnegie rails for water ship
ment are to be rolled by the Pennsylvania
Steel Company plant at Sparrows Point,
Maryland.
ltraper for Italian tCntbanaador.
CHICAGO, 111., March 11.— A Tri
bune special from Boston says: It can
be said on the highest possible authority
that General Draper, representing the
Eleventh Massachusetts Congressional
District, wiil probably be apriointed Em
bussador to Italy soon alter the reas em
bing of the Senate. He isa peisonal friend
of President McKinley ami the appoint
ment has been iong promised.
JUu*t Tell Her fteatination.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.— A
dispatch was received at the Treasury De
partment from the Collector of Customs ut
f'ernandia, F.a., stating that the steamer
Bermuda had applied lor clearance p:iper
trotu that port. Xh<l destination of 'lie
vessel wa3 not given and until this is
stated the papers will n it be issued.
benatnritit Mn>rlM# Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.— The
Republican Senatorial steering com
mittee consumed two hour* this after
noon discussing the organization of the
Senate. It was demonstrated there would
be no effectual combination against the
Republican* who would control the com
mittees at the coming session.
L«*t Trthtitr t« Mr*. Be'cher.
BROOKLYN, N. V.. March 11.— The
funeral of Mrs. Henry Ward Beecber
took place this afternoon from the
Plymouth Church.
THIS PREACHER
FOR GOVERNOR
Rev. Hall Youns Will Be
Chief Ex culive of
Alaska.
McKin'ey Insists on Delegations
Weedin? Out Candidates
for 0 fice.
Secretary Gage Will Go Slew and
Is Accued of B.'inz Unfaith
ful to His Party.
WASHINGTON. D. C March 11.— It is
believed among the Californians in Wash
ington that President McKinley has de
cided to ap point Irving W. Dudley of ban
Diego Minister to Hawaii. If this be
true, Mr. de Young will iail in his am
bition to be Minister to Itay.
Rev. S. Hall Youn«, pastor of the West
minster Church of Woofer, Ohio, and
professor of BiDiical instruction in Woos
ter University, has received assurance
thai he will be appointed Governor of
Ala-ka. Mr. Young was a missionary in
Alaska from 1878 to 1888.
During the first six years of his resi
dence there there was no civic government
and he devoted his time to driving out
slavery and witchcraft among the Indans.
He spent much time in exploring South
eastern Alaska and traveled while en
gaged in this work over 15,000 mile*.
He established about a.l the schools and
missionaries in the Territory, and built
the first church, besides Betting r.p the
first printing press. Rev. Hall Young
was the secretary of the tint Terr.torial
convention, and has always taken a deep^
interest in the affairs of Alaska. He mar
ried Miss Fannie Kellogg, a teacher, in
Sitka.
The position of President McKinley as
to recommendations ot applicants is caus
ing a number of tae State Coneres3ionai
delegations to meet to recommend candi*
i dates.
The President's position is said to be
that he will not undertake to decide be
tween forty or fifty recommendations
made by individual members of Congress
or Ly delegations of States. He says mat
the delegations have as much right to as
sume lesponsibility for weedinu out the
numerous candidates as himself.
Since the 4th of March Senators have
called upon him wiih indors?ments ior
half n cozen men for the sam* place, say
ing that tliev coalu not afford io pick be
tveen them. That is w!iy the President
informed them of the responsibility which
he thought to be theirs.
A weil-known Republican representa
tive was among the callers on Secretary
Gage at the Treasury Department to-iay.
He called in oehalf of a friend. Mr. Ga.e
informed tne representative that he in
tended to go very slow in appoin ments in
his department, and left the impression
that he was not to be moved by anything
that migiu be said aa to his conduce of
the office.
Among many Republicans who came to
the City there wna an imr>iession that
numerous jucv plums were lying around
the Treasury Department to be easily se
cured by simpiy shaking tfie tree. Con
trary information having reached them,
Mr. G.iL'e is now being sharpiy criticized,
all kinds of charges being made of faitn
lessness to the party.
I)ISTI>OVISU 1 1) VISITORS.
Rule* and Weather l>ecr«n»e Callers at
the hhtl« Bout.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March There
was a noticeable diminution this morning
in the oiiics-seekinjr forces that have
marched 0:1 the White House since the
new President entered it.
Bright sunshine and balmy air made it
a day to be spent outdoors, rather than in,
and this may have had some effect upon
the people who want to nerve their country.
Many gentlemen were willing, bowever,
to sit for hours in the closely filled corri
dor t at leads to the President's
room, in the hope of gelling nis ear.
But the Teal reasons lor the slump
in attendance undoubtedly arc thu new
rules for the reception of visitors, and the
bints that the President has given out
that he will not give much consideration
to the smaller office-; until the tar ff bill is
in a fair wav toward final disposition.
Then, again, he has had little time to
wr te the message to De sent to Congress
next Monday, and it is a mater which
cannot wait, while office-seekers can.
Several men of Drominence, who had ■
nothing to ask ami nothing to expect from
the administration, dropped in to pay
thi'ir respects this morning.
Among them were Senator Stewart of
Nevada and Iteprcsensativ-? Catcbings of
Mississippi, one of the Democratic leaders
in the House. Dr. de Witt Talmage came
with hn daughter, and Was followed by
Archbishop Cnappelle of Santa Fe,
escorted by Delegate Catron of New
Mexico.
The venerable Senator Morrill of Ver
mont was among the early visitors.
Other* wbo came were Senators Cullom
and Mason of Illinois, Spooner of Wis
consin and Flatt of Connecticut.
Tne two Micni^an Senators, McMillan
and Burrows, came to aslc the President
to reappoint General Spaulding of Michi
gan io the position of Assistant Secretary
ol the Treasury, formerly held by him.
Senator Mason presented the'names or
four of his constiiu ntsfor Federal posi
tions. Huntintiton Wi.son of Chicapo
wants to be becretary of Legation at
Paris; the well-known Thomas a. Needles
is aiier the Indian comniissionership;
Prolessor Lowry would like to go abroad
in a diplomatic or consulaß-capacity, and
Mr. Elliott of Chirago is an app icant lor
the position or Assistant Attornev-Generai.
Representatives Licey of lowa and
Hopkins of ll.inois swelled the rather
thin contingent from the lower house,
while ( f Senators thrre was a host, in
cluding Wnlcott, Penrose, ElKins. Chand
ler and Fo>-aker.
Senator White or California, (Chairman
of ihe D mocratic National Committee)
dropped in to p y his respects. Ex-Sena
t^r Dwrer of Wisconsin, lucompamed Mr.
Guenihpr. a former repres»*ntfi ive of that
Sta c. who has been at the Wh te House
-pveral times in the inter st oi his candi
dacy for the Mexican consul-K*-neral«hip.
Others who caied were Senator H-»w
--ley, ex-Congressman Mondell of Wvnm
nig. Delegate Flynn of Ok anoma. who d -
sires to be appointed Governor ol his Ter
ritory; and ex-K presentative Crowther
of Missouri.
A ili-uncuished trio came to »cc the
President during the afternoon. It con
sisted of John Hay, the rom>nc Emr>aa-a
dor In ihe Court of i>t- James;
Jotm \V. Fo'ner, :ormeriy Secretary of
•State, and (senator Frye of Maine, senior
member of the Committee on Fore gn
R lHiioru. Their business was presumably
In connection with the appointment of
Mr. Hay.
t-'enaior Hitnna came again this after
noon ami had a talk with the President.
Other cullers were J. E. Mihollanrt of
New York, ex-Mayor \V. R Grace of New
York and Henry W. Blair, ex-Senator
and ex-Representative from New Hamp
shire.
The President went out walking this
afternoon, and responded to frequent salu
tations rom jieople »iODR the w»v.
He was accompinied by John Aflrlison
Port«r, his secretary, an l th»ir roote | ny
through the fashionable residence section
of the town
Jhe I «-, H ■■■>■ ». <' fi'.ih.
BOWMANVILLK. Ont.. March 11.—^
Three children ot Frelenck Lnzon, «q T
ice merchant, while ulayini' on t: c river
stinted into a hole from which the ire
had recent. y been cut ai;d were ail
drowneu lusi. nignt.
(noi/irr I>u*>;u Qur-n Br.il'rl.
PORT LOUIS. Mauritius Marcli n._
A disiacli from Tumaiave aays \h&t
RanHva'ona 111, Queen of Madapascar,
tue nominal ruler oi th- islanrl, since it
was made a French colony last June, ha 3
been exiled to the island of Reunion.
riflhte'V '»"'•'* at *>*•
TA>GIER. liOSOCOO, March 11. —By
the falling of a an ■tiuii of an old wall in
the old town of Fez eighteen workmen
wpre killed.
frfsf "^t
Here is a gentleman who entered
a cheap corner drugstore and in-
! quired for a bottle of the best Sar-
! saparilla, Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla. The clerk talked to him
and talked to him, endeavoring to
i get the good man to buy a substi-
tute for Joy's. When he came out
j he said he felt as if the clerk had
! talked AN ARM OFF, but, said the
gentleman, 1 went in for the best
j Sarsaparilla and got the best Sarsa-
I parilla, Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla. : ; - ;* r£g£
This is a true story, only the
name of the gentleman and his true
portrait is withheld.
You will find that there are many
cheap druggists who try to talk
you into buying something else for
I Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Don't be hoodwinked, pay your
j money for the best and get the
i best,
Joy's
Vegetable
Sarsaparilla.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
■ Of
TEACHERS!
I OFFICE OF THE C'TY BOARD OF EXAM)
IX ATI OX (Thirl Floor New City Hall). >■
can Francisco, Marcn D. 1897. )
THK KF.GDL * H >i- M A.NM'AL IX \M N.\.
I tion of applicants for teachers' cartlticate (High
School, Grammar and Primary c.-.ides and s< ectal
certificated will commence at ibe Normal School
on Powell street, between ( lay and sucrumento,
onPKIDAY, March 1-. 1897. at 9 o'ciock r x
a ppl lean is who wish io past an examination for
High School certificates or sp>cl d certitlcates will
send notice to this otllce on ot befor.' March 8.
In romp lance with the S-ae Sen ol law each ap-
plicant must pay an examination fee of 92 in ad-
vance. Applicant* who intend taKing the exam-
ination must register prior to the commenceme. t
of the same a no fees will be received on that
date. P M. SOUS,
1 fecretnry Ci'y Board of Kxaminat on.
Office hours— Wed nes lavs, from .X:3U to 4:30
r. it. : .^atur lavs, from 9:30 to 11 A if.
o<x>oooo-o-o-0000l
AN EXCELLENT
II T7 AT Properly prepared and
|\/l HA I promptly Wired, can
*»*•*—<* XJLu always bs obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T-\ A T A . f*T?
Most Popular HAI A( H
Dinipg; Apart- * SIIJUI^X^I^
nient in town. m^jLUSM^gagg^aagscM
<HK><>Q<><KH><>O<K>
DR.MCMLTY.
TUTS WELL KXOWNT AND RKLTABLE OT,L>
L SperUtLst cure* Private,Nervous,Uloo<liiiid.Skiii
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restoreil. Over
Mye.ars' experience. Send for Book, free. I'ntlenti
cured at Home. T«>rms rensonabio. Hours, 9 to 3
«lally:6:30 to S.SO er'irs. Suniinys, 10 tn li C.i>s::!t;,-
tloufree and swcre<li.vconildc:it.ial. Call or address
• P. ROSrOE MrXULTY. M. I>.,'
gfl'^ Kcariiv Slrffl, Hun >rnn-i«»-.i, C»l.
R KllQllla > '" bootblacks. batH-
PnUUIIkW bouses, billiard -table*
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, soul*-
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
aUCHA.NAX «1C*)«».,
•rush Manufacturers. 6Q'J!>uuraiiientolU
Wriitfi Mill Veptafe Fills
Are .cknowledgeJ '-•• thousands of person i wbo"^
haveus;d ttiem for over fort y years to cure *»k
SiKUKA I) ,x CHE, li I I>DI Si RO '. C -X sTTP A- B-
TIO.n. lorpld Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples aaaf
purify the b.ooJ. '
Crossmau's Mixtara
With tiiisicmriy |.triuiuuin curt.- liieiutelves
without the least exposure, change of die:, or
change in application to business. The medtclnt*
contains nothing that Is of : he least injury to im
confutation. Ask your druggist tor it. Pi Ice, 91
a boa c.BOB GETS
PAY FOR
THE FAKE
Fitzsimmons Refuses to B2
Bunkoed hr Hearst's
. Crowd.
JIM CONFESSES THAT HE
TOLD LIES.
Tfrat Meeting on the Highway
So Exclusive That It
Ddn't Occur.
SQUABBLING OVER THE RULES
FOR THE FIGHT.
S:ler, Stewart ard the Pugilists'
Managers to Me t and Settle
the Controversy.
C ARSON, Nev.. March 11.— Bob Fitz
simmons came in from Cook's ranch again
this morning and was in higher dudgeon
than he lugged in with him yesterday.
Bob. was' not roaring about Referee Siler
ard the rules 10-day. Indeed, he had
quite forgotten both in his excitement over
a new derangement of his passions.
"I consider that I have been bunkoed,
snd I will have what is coming to me or
somebody will be mane to feel uncomfort
able," said Fitz as he swung into Carson
street from the penitentiary road with the
pace of a greyhound.
"That's just what's the matter," re
echoed Martin Julian, who was trudging
along in the wake of ihe Cornishman.
Fitz was halted ana asked for an explana
tion of his tantrum. He told an interest
ing little story, the theme of which was
how he was "done up.'' It appears that
tho.lanky boxer had been inveigled into
"standing in" with the so-called exclusive
Examiner-Journal combination to furnish
tnem with a little story about a meeting
( n the highway near the penitentiary
with Cor.bett. The s:ory was to go on to
relate how, when the big boxers, who are
:o battle for the world's championship
text Wednesday, met, Fitz waike I up
and proffered his hand, the Californian
scorned it and said be would not shake
with the Cornishman until after the 17th
oi March. More conversation of a bant«r
:;iz nature was to be incorporated in the
story and all of it was to be exclusive.
"Well, as Bob is under salary to supply
the combination with daily jottings as to
■;e eat?, the time he retires and what i
lie tb inks about when lie feels like think- j
in fact with almost anything except i
• a'l news of the day — he readily as
sonted to the scheme. But he did not i
know when he agreed to this that Corbett
i.tl already received the neat iittle sum of
$500 for the part he was to play
in the comedy. Bob found out about
it e.irly" this morning and in conse
quence •he forgot all about training
and everythine el«e but the fact that he
had been played for a ''sucker," as Julian
explained it. Fitz's objective point upon
arriving in Carson was the Examiner-
Journal headquarters, and upon arriving
the.c he -and his brother-in-law. Julian,
opened up their safety-valves and Jet po
all of their reserve steam. When they
reappeared upon the sidewalk their coun
tenances plainly indicated that "some
thing had been doing," if I may be per
mitted to steal a phrase Jrom slangdom.
"Well, did you get $500?" asked a news
paper correspondent, addressing Julian.
"You bet your life we did," replied the
pood-natured little manager with an ex
r>an<nve grin. "If we hadn't something
would have dropped. I guess we will
etahd for that story now."
Fitz was chuckling, too, and remarked
sub rosa that any old story would go with
him for $500. Corbett's consolation, also,
is the money he received. He seems to be
somewhat sheepish over permitting him
self to be drawn into such a cheap affair
and says that this will be his last part ci
pationin a prearranged farca for the bene
fit of the two newspapers that can't get
news in any other way.
Jim denies that he agreed in advance to
go but and hunt up Fitz-immons so as to
have a quarrel with him, but he does ad
mit that he went to the prison yesterday
morning at the suggestion of the F.xam
iner- Journal people. He also laughingly
confesses that he knew that Fitzsimmons
was in the habit of traversing the prison
road each morning at about the very time
he would reach there. And he has an
ii her comical admission to make, and
• his is to the effect that he was paid to
fiw»ar by any story that was printed in
reference to the alleged meeting on the
highway.
Jim is left in a rather funny position all
round on account of this yarn, but the lad
with the pompadour is clever and an
adept at drollery, so I guess he will wrig
gle out of it all right. It appears that he
told all of the correspondents last night
that he <lid not meet Fitz on the prison
rpad, but instead missed him by about
five minute-. But with $500 in his trousers'
pockets to-day Jimmy essayed to squaro
h;ms If and issued the following an
nouncement:
Newspaper reporters saw me yesterday and
rsked ratr if I had met Mr. Fitzsirnmons near
tfie. Nevada State Prison while taking ray road
exercise. I told them ihai I had not met Fitz.
I now want to brand this statement as an un
truth. My reason lor deceiving the reporters
»' to carry out a pledge of secrecy I had
given others. I regret very much that I was
compelled to misrepresent, but I never break
faith wish anybody. James J. Cokbett.
Few people can be found in Carson who
believe that Corbett and Fitz met at all.
It was a good chance for a fako story,
however, and $1000 will go a lone way
toward putting the finishing touches on
most any fake, even including the pro
curing of signed statements and all. A
strange feature about the affair is that
none of the guards who patrol the walls
of the prison and who have a clear and
unobstructed view of the country for miles
surrounding the gloomy structure, could
see the meeting between Corbett and Fitz
-8 masons, despite the fact that they are
armed with ttrong; field glasses and that
the collision is supposed to have taKen
place under their very noses. They could
not have been very vigilant yesterday
morning.
One of these guards, however, objects
to the imputation tnat he was snoring
while the two greatest pugilists ii the
world were supposed to be on the verge of
thumping each other within a stone's
throw of him.
This guard is M. V. Cecil. He told me
to-day that Fitzsimmons passed over the
road at least fifteen minutes before Cor
bett left the prison, an. l was nearly out of
sight when Ibe California a and his train
ers started fur Shaws Springs. Ana Cecil
is only one of them.
The wrangle over the rules to govern
the coming battle, given out yesterday by
Referee S.ler, has by no means subsided.
Frz seemed to be somewhat submissive
last night, but to-day he is kicking again
and threatening not to fight unless ho is
allowed to Lave something to say as to
what rules shall govern. Dan Smart,
although by no means a well man, risked
a rel:ipse to-day by drying all the way out
to Cook's ranch for a taik with the Cor
d is tins aft.
The good-natured Texan told Bjbthat
it was his desire to have everything po off
smoothly, even if only for the good of the
sport itself. But at the same time lie was
not inclined to tolerate an.' quibbling
over trifles. Fitzsimmons was not in
clined to compromise, however, and in
sis;ed that Siler's early announcement of
the rules gave Corbett the advan of
perfecting himself on clinches and break
away hitting.
Stuart finally suggested, as a way of
reaching some sort of an amicable agree
ment, that a meeting take place to-mor
row to be attended by Martin Julian, rep
resenting Fitzsimmons, William A. Brady,
Corbeti's manager. Referee Siler and
Stuart himself. This seemed satisfactory,
and it was decided to hold he meeting at
Stuart's quarters at 3 p. m.
It does not seem probable, however, that
this conference will result in any material
change of tlie rules as they now stand.
With one or two uifling exception-* they
are the original Maiquis of Queensberry
rules.
Siler considers that they are as fair to
one of the principals as to the other and
will scarcely agree to any amendments.
Stuart, too, think* the rules, as they have
been formulated an I given to the public,
should stand unchanged. As Corbett is
satisfied with them Brjdy will vote for no
alterations, so it will possibly be Julian's
voice alone against all of the other?.
The Corbett people claim that Fitz
simmons is by his hair-splitting maneu
vers showing the white feather. If he is
the great fighter that he claims to be, they
say, be should not be afraid to light under
the pure, old, unadulterated rules. These
were good enough for fighters before him
and should be satisfactory to him as well.
"I am aware of what Fi iz is ud to," said
Billy Delaney to-day. "He wants that
clinch-hitting clause eliminated so that
he will have a chance to lose the fight on
a foul. He realizes that he is in for a
beating under the regular rules, and he
wants a chance to wriggle out, so that he
can shout after the fight th at he was not
fairly whipped. If clinch hitting is barred
he will be the happiest man in the coun
try. Then he will have a cnance, when he
finis that he is losing, to hit Corbett in a
j clinch and have the referee decide the
I fight on a foul. Jim does not wish to win
the contest that way. He wants to lick
this fellow outright or else get licked him
self."
There is a quiet rumor going around
that somebody has a scheme on loot to
have the rine; in which Corbett and Fitz
simmons are to do battle smaller than the
articles of agreement call for. I:i carry
ing out this scheme the plans for the arena
were not adhered to. They provide for a
platform twenty-eicht feet sq tare to ac
commodate the twenty-four-foot ring and
its necessary braces, but it has been dis
covered that this p!:Uform, which is al
most finished, is only twenty-four feet
square itself, to that the rins wouia Lave
to be less than twenty-two feet.
It has always been said that Fitz likes
a small ring, but whether this shortening
of the platform was done for his benefit
or not it is difficult to sny. It may have
been only a mistake after all, and in view
of the fact that Billy Brady, Corbett's
manager, has discovered the mysterious
shrinkage, the chances are that the plat
form will be altered so as to accommo
date a regulation twenty- four-foot ring.
George Green, professionally known as
"Young Ccbett," who is training at
Empire for his contest with Mysterious
Billy Smith, has met with another mis
hap. While "-purring with his trainer,
Bob McArthur, yesterday he hit the latter
on the head and severely sprained his
right thumb. George will be compelled
to ease up in his work in order to give the
injured member time to get back into
siiape. Ail of Empire had a laugh yester
day at the expense of Green and Mc-
Arthur. There is a big mill near their
training quarters, where the tailings from
the Con. Virginia mine are being worked
over. These tailings are conveyed to the
mill from a distance of nearly two miles
by means of a sort of trolley system of
moving buckets.
Green and his trainer hied themselves
just before noon to the dumping grounds
and jumping into v bnrKet started out for
a ride to the mill— to tr p the troliey, as it
were. They tripped along merrily for
about h;:lf a mile, and were just passing
over a deep ravine when the 12 o'clock
whistle blew and the machinery operating
the trolley came to a sudden stop. There
was no possible means of escape, and
there was nothing to do but to stay theie
until 1 o'clock. In the meantime D;il
Hawkins, Jimmy Wiggins, Billy Lyons
and "'Spider" Kelly amused themselves
by pelting snowballs and rocks at the
dangling and discomfited athletes.
J. G. Mansfield.
MJX ACT OF TJtEASOX."
Itenuncintion of the Srwlint of a Tale
J-l .<f ami Ijtttrr to Corbett.
NEW HAVEN, Conr., March 11— The
end of the "Corbett Club at Yale" inci
dent is not in sk-nt. More university
organs to-day officially repudiated the
action of sending the Yale Hag to Corbett,
as far as Yale is concerned. The under
graduate and alumni body are a unit in
demanding a signed, public retraction by
the senders of the message to Corbett
The Yale Alumni weekly to-day con
tains an editorial which concludes:
•'There is no escaping the conclusion that
Yale will get, ns the result of the letter,
an increased reputation as a sports' para
dise. The sending of the flair was a good
deal worse than the sending of the letter.
Nothing can excuse or extenuate the act.
Perhaps all the signers were not partici
pants in it. From a decent standpoint of
college loyalty it was an act of treason.
We do not know at this writing what may
be done in the way of repudiation of the
act. But the miscnisf has been done. In
another issue we shall comment on ttie
re-enforcement by this incident of the de
mand 'or some protection of the great
majority from the small minority."
"t*AI(8O>" 1> ' tIES COSt ISO.
Hay a hit Mympntliif Art With Corbrtt
in Hi- liaule.
DENVER. Colo, March 11.— "Parson"
Davies, accompanied by pugilists Jimmy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12 f 1597.
Barry and Bob Armstrong, arrived in
Denver this afternoon en route to the Pa
cific Coast. The party will stop over at
Carson and witness the coming tight at
that place.
"As to the coming fight," said Davies,
"I will say this, that my sympathies are
with the American. All things being
equal, and the men in good condition, it
seems that the heavy-weight ought to
win. Judging from the preparatory work
that they are doing now, it seems both
are in earnest and a grand battle is as
sured.
"In going to San Francisco my idea is
to get up a match for Armstrong and
Jpffries. A large number of heavy-weights
v» ill be on the Pacific Coast sod Jimmy
Anthony, tre Australian feather-weight
champion, is at present in San Francisco.
1 m:iy remain on the coast several months,
although as yet I am not dcci led.
"In regard to the condit on of pucilism
in this country now, there have been times
when more interest was taken in it; tut
I dare say that if this coming battle turns
out to be a grand contest there will be a
revival of interest sweeping not alone over
this couutry, but over the world."
FilzilnuHom Stock Hiding.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— Betting
on the fijjht continues here. Tea days ago
!ew vets were ulaced at 7 to 5 on Cjrbett,
but now 6to 5 finds no takers. At the
Brooklyn poolroom an offer of $1,200 to
$1000 on Oorbett has stood on the black
board for four days without acceptance.
Fiiz-immons stock is risinz, and it is
believed that even money will be the
figure here on the 17th.
FITZSIMMONS- MCCARTHY.
How the Antlpodeans* First Battle
In This Country Was Won.
Old members ol the defunct California
Athletic Club will not soon furget the first
professional appearance of Bob Fitzsim
mons in this country. Bhortiy after his
arrival from Australia he was instructed
by the president of the ciub, Lem Fulda,
to get into condition as quickly as possi
ble, as he might be called upon at a day's
notice to enter into a passage at arms with
some unknown. Fnzsirumons did not
bar any man, as he was only too anxious
to maKe a few doilars at the time, iia7ing
pockets to mend.
Billy McCarthy, a countryman of Fiiz
xinimons, was training lor a contest with
Keddy Gallagher of Denver. The latter
was taken ill and refused to meet Mc-
Carthy uniess the match was postponed.
The club would not grant a postponement
ami the directors had a consultation with
McCarthy and Fitzsimmons, which re
suited in the consummation of a match
between that pair. Fitz^immons had
only a ;ew days to train in, but he seemed
in splendid condition when the day of the
battle arrived.
The betting favored McCarthy, as he
was then looked qduh as being the best
middle-wei ht in the country. The match
was for a $1200 purse, and was won by
Fitzsimmons.
In the first round McCarthy sailed in to
give Fitz immous a sharp argument, but
the long feilow kept putting h.s left fist
in Mac's mouth until the latter stopped
rushing. McCarthy was busy with his
hands, but all of his attempts to land fell
snort.
In the second round McCarthy tried
some oi his old tric-Ks, but Fitzsimmons
was on to his game, and would not fill
into a trap. Fmal;y F.tzsimmons look
the aggressive, and drove his opponent
a 1 around tne ring, administering left
jabs on the face and right-handers on the
nb. McCarthy landed one good upper
cut in a rally near Fr.z- minions' corner,
but he received hard punishment in re
turn.
In the third round the long fellow lifted
McCarthy off his feet with ieft punches on
the chin no iess than three times and,
McCarthy, who was as gritty as a gume
<■• cK. came bp.ck for more punishment.
Fitzsimmon^ realize i What a thoroughly
game fel.ow be had belore him and he did
not force tne battle.
In the fourth round McCarthy came up
fresh and rushed at Fitzsimmons, fighting
for the body in a most determined man
ner, but a left on the mouth and a warm
ri^ht on tt c e;ir stradied him. He was
floured twice Jater on, and his face began
to look like a raw stoat. Fitzsimmona
finally stooped over in such a manner as
to be hearl by McCarthy. He said: "Mac,
quit, as I don' i want to hurt you any
more."
But McCarthy would not think of such
a thing acquitting in the ring. From this
on the contest was nwfuliy one-sided ; in
fact it was only a question how long Mc-
Carthy would r-tand the ternlic bombard
ment on his fnce and body. Although
his face was covered witn blood he kept
swinging at Fitz^immons, In the hope ot
landing a knocKout blow, but the long
Teilow easily avoided the swings and
waited an opportunity to put McCarthy to
sleep.
Finally in the ninth round the oppor
tunity came and Fitz-timmons put his big
right duke on Mac's chin and the battle
was over. McCarthy fell in a heap and
actually left the bloody imprint of his
body on the floor of the ri n «r. Before get
ting the poncb that g;ive him h s quietus,
McCarthy was downed three times, and
once Fi'.z^immons sent him through the
ropes and caught him by the arm in t.me
to save him from falling off the stage to
the floor.
When taken to his corner McCarthy
wanted to resume the battle when lie re
covered his equilibrium, but Captain
Douglass onlerea all men out of the rir.g,
and Fuzsinimons hpd earned iiis tirst I
American dollar by being declared the
w.nner.
F-tzsimmons handel McCarthy $300
after ihe battle, as the latter was '"Hai
oroke" mid had a family to support.
Long Bob's next fiaht of note was against
Jack Denipsey, the champion middle
weight.
BOUQUET HUM MX a. XI.I, t:\.
—
The l'resi rent* tt'ifn Call* on the 1H.%
--fb'ei (leitr.rnl Uniting*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March 11.-Mvs.
McK.in!ey, accompanied by Miss Mabel
McKmley nnd General and Mrs. Botsfor.l,
Jeff t lie White House in President JMc-
Kinley's private carriage to-day, and was
driven to the Gnrlield Hospital to v sit
General Rnssell Hastinp«, the President's
old refiimen'.a! commander, whoso leg v.'as
broKen ve-terday.
Mrs. McKinley carried a lnr/e bouquet
for General Hastings, nnd personally f;ave
it to him. Slie was me bearer of President
McKinley's regrpts that he could not call.
Mrs. McKiniey inquired closely about
General Hastings' condition, and re
quested that all possible be done for his
comfort.
General Hastinsrs is resting comfortably,
and is grateful for the attention shown
him. ■ '
Official Trial* or ■•••w Gunboat*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.-The
new gunboats Wilmington and Helena,
built at Newport News, nave been re
ported to the Navy Department ns ready
lor official acceptance trials, and the for
mer will be tried over the measured course
in Long Island Sound on the 21st inst., the
Jailer following two days later. These
ye seis are designed for service on the
China station and in other localities where
their light draught wUI enable them to
enter shallow harbors and ascend rivers.
Tney must run at the minimum rate of
13 knots per hour, maintained for four
consecutive hour?. Confidence is ex
pressed that they will exceed this with
ease.
A Vnt'txt Treaty II th Japan.
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 11.—
Ti:e President has proclaimed the new
patent convention with Japan and it is
now operative The treaty provides that
citizens or Mil ject ol either country shall
have the s:ime protection as natives citi
zens regarding patents, trademarks and
designs.
ALL NOT FOR
ARBITRATION
Scenes of Wild Disorder
at the Ratification
Meeting.
William H. Lynn A'most Creates
a Riot by Denouncing Great
Britain.
But Resoiut ons Favoring the Treaty
Are Passei and the ' Assemblage
F.n.illy Ac JDurns.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— Cooper
Union scarcely ever contained a larger,
more enthusiastic or a more thoroughly
cosmopolitan audience then crowded its
space to the doois to-nipht to give expres
.-i >n and approval to the ratification of
the arbitration treaty now pending in the
United States Senate.
The hnll was tastefully decorated with
flags and bunting, the colors of all na
tions being displayed in conspicuous
places throughout. Prominent represen
tative New York citizens were represented
on the lists of (signers of the call for the
meeting.
Mayor Strong presided as chairman and
delivered a brie? speech, in which he said:
'•We are called to give our indorse
ment to that expression of one of the
greatest military men of his time, 'Let us
have peace.' We want that peace, not at
the point of the sword or at the mouth of
the cannon, but by arbitration. It would
be impossible to draw up a treaty that
would please all citizens; but the best
citizens of all parties and all creeds join
in advocating the present treaty now
pending in the Senate."
Hon. Seth Ltw was introduced as the
first speaker. He said: "International law
is binding on the Nation. There is no
tribunal in existence to enforce interna
tional law. Such a thing as systematic ar
bitration. is unknown. It is a great thing
when two nations say. 'We will not go to
war for live years.' This treaty is the be
ginning of a new era in spreading law.
Without the details the treaty itself suould
make it acceptable 10 all."
The speaker then spoke of the work of
England in advancing civilization. "Our
mission is the same," he said. "This arbi
tration treaty streucthens the chances of
the two Anglo-Saxon nations to walk
hand in. hand together in advancing civ
ilization."
Hon. Charles S. Fairchild then read the
following resolutions:
Whereas, After long and pa: lent negotia
tions a treaty for the arbitration, within
specified limits and by specified methods, of
matters in difference between .the . United
States and Great Britain was signed on the
11th day of January last by the respective
plenipotentiaries of the two nations; and
whereas, the United States has always been
an earnest advocate of international arbitra
tion; and whereas, the proposed treaty, which
Is for the trial , term of only, five years, i*
marked throughout wittk great conservatism
and 1 aution ; thereforu'
. Resulted. That In accord with our fellow
citizens 'throughout the land, we respectfully
petition our, National Senate for the ratifica
tion of the treaty n.< signed by the representa- j
tives of ♦he high contracting parties. . v i
Resolved, That ■■we heartily ' concur In the
declaration of our honored Chief Magistrate,
that "the treaty presents in ■ the word the
glorious example ol reason and psace, not
passioa aiid war, controlling the relations be
tween two of the greatest nation? of the
world an example certcin to be followed by
others." And in his further unqualified dec
aration that, "the importance and moral in
fluencu of the ratification of such a treaty can
hardly be overestimated in the cause of ad
vancing civilization."
As the chairman was about to put the
question 011 their adoption William H.
Lynn rose and asked to be heard. Per
mission was given and Mr. Lynn made an
address which fairly set tho audience
frantic. , As he progressed in his speech it
looked very much as if any moment a riot
would be begun. The cheers as he spoke
were at times deafening and completely
drowned the .hisses which came from
those in the front row. The police were
unable to cope with the crowd and stood
helpless while those on the platform grew
white and red in the face by turns and ex
citedly jumped to their feet, one after the
other and tried to interrupt Mr. Lynn.
He said: "Before adopting the resolu
tions we should stop and pause. Who
wants this arbitration? '
H9 then went on to say that England
had broken the treaty of 1812 ami raised
trooj s and built war vessels for the Con- |
federacy during the Civil War and so again j
broke her treaty.
"The spirit of New York is against such
resolutions. [Great cheer?.] I c:ire not
lor the depreciation of securities; I care
more for the depreciation of American
patriotism. We can have no peace with
the robber nation, England. To-night
the Greeks are defending their humble
brothers in Crete, while England with
arms and guns is forcing that unfortunate
leople by coercion under the Turk. [Ap
plause.]
■'A treaty with a Government that has
pcimitted the Armenians to be .slaught
ered by thousands [applause |; a treaty
with a nation that has broken every obli
gation and violated every pledge of honor
she ever made! [Great applause.] We are
a peaceful Nation and we will maintain
that, peaceful attitude with honor that we
have always maintained. [Applause.] We,
ask no war, but in the words of the great
Washington, which this call does not in
corporate to-night, 'We seek noentenglinz
alliance with foreign nations.' [Applause.]
A treaty that upon its face reads rive
years means forever." [Applause.]
Mr. Lvnn proposed the following reso
lutions 'for a substitute for those already
presented. t '". ■.-,,,■■■.-.•■ t; »''-■"
Whereas, The United States, following the
sage advice ot George Washington and the
fathers o! tne Republic, lias ever avoided en
tangling alliances with European powers, and
pursued Us piith in peacelui progress untram
meled by treaties restricting iis beneficent
interest in the Western Hemisphere; ;and
whereas, the Monroe doctrine is the practi
cally accepted code of international law pre
vail, ng on this continent; and whereas, the
arbitration treaty, no* vending before the
Senate of the United Stales, is so lacking in
clearness of language and so complicated in
construction as to ii.volve danger of a re
versal ot the tlrae-aonored policy of Washinc
ton in the setting aside of thu Monroe doc
trine; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we. citizens of New York, in
mass-meeting assembled, respectfully urge
upon the Senate the unqunlified rejection oi
said arbitration treaty with England.
Great applause greeted the reading of
these resolutions.
Mr. Lynn had not yet token his seat
when Seth Low, who bad been assisting
TOW TO-DAT.
Talk Is Cheap.
We do not have to resort
to any catch-penny methods
to do business. Our goods
and our prices do it for us.
They speak with most mirac-
, ulous organs.
OUR DEFY WEEK.
We have revolutionized the Cloihing
business, and now that their efforts
prove futile they resort to squealing.
WE DEFY THEM
To duplicate these for double the money
500 pretty little Tweed Reefer Suits in 4
shades, with large sailor collars, trimmed
with mohair braid.
DEFY PRICE
$1.45.
WE DEFY THEM
To show such values as we are showing
in those Boys' All-Wool Reefer Suits in
blue, black and grays displayed in our
windows. They can't sell them for
double the money.
DEFY PRICE
$1.95,
WE DEFY THEM
With all their bragging to sell for $10.00
those Young Men's Scotch Tweed Suits
which we have placed on sale for the
next week— Fly Fronts, Neat Effects— for
DEFY PRICE
85,45.
THEBALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
1924 to 930 Market St.
tALUVVIN ANNEX.
Mail orders will receive prompt
and careful attention.
Mayor Strong as chairman, jumped to
his feet and said :
"Feliow-cit.zens : This is a country of
free [applause], and when my
friend a ked for the privilege of the plat
form I yielded to him with the greatest
pleasure. [Applause.] He must ?auare it
with his own conscience thr.t, having ac
cepted an invitation to attend a meeting
to take such action as might be deemed
best in favor of the ratiticaiion oi" this
treaty, he has spoken against its ratifica
tion. [Hisse?.] There is no reason in tho
world why our fellow-ciiizens of New
York, who oppose the ratification of this
treaty, should not have the.r own mee f
ing. [Applause and cheers.] But 1 pro
test that it was never yet and it never can
be proper to come to a meeting called for
one purpose and try to twist it into an
other.
"I must, therefore, decline with great
regret, bnt most peremctorily decline, to
accept the amendment to the resolutions.
[Renewed applause, mingled with loud
hisss?.] Fair play is a jewel, gentlemen.
I will call upon the Hon. John de Witt
Warner to address the nieetineand then I
will put the question on the resolutions
submit teJ by ihose who called the meet
ing, and then we willyclos-e by singing
'America.*' 1 [Tremendous applause and
cheers. |
Mr. Warner said: "There have been one
or two questions asked which, even at this
late hour, it is perhaps well should ba
answered. Tiie gentleman inquires who
asks for this treaty? It was the Contrress
of the Unite! States, our representatives
in both tranches, who unanimously,
eagerly, urgently naked for it. I am, if
possible, even less imbued with any friend
ship for Great Britain as a political power
than the gentleman who preceded me, but
I wish to say we have triumphed over
Great l) r i:ain. I want to sland here and
say we have achieve;! our end and taken
Great Britain into enmp for a prisoner for
ever and ever."
The Jai t*»r part of Mr. Warner's address
was completely drowned by catcalls and
hisses and the ball throughout was in the
greatest confusion and uproar. After the
noise had somewhat ceased, Chairman
Low said: "We will now vole on the
resolutions offered by the meeting. All
those in favor, say 'aye.' "
A loud cry of "aye" was at first heard and
a pleased expression came over Mr. Low's
face, as he no doubt imagined that Mr.
Warner's speech bad turned the tide.
With a smile 0:1 his fare, he asked for the
"noes." The cries that lie received were
deafening and completely outdid the
"ayes." Men jumped to their feet, wav
ing their ha'.s an-1 shouting at the top of
their voices, and cried "no, no." Not
withstanding this lact, President Low
said that the "ayes" had it. The band
was then ordered to play "My Country
'Tis of Thee," but was completely
drowned by the shouts and hisses of the
audience.
At tbe close of the playine and while
t lie band was in the midst of "Hail
Columbia," the lirhis were suddenly put
out and the meeting closed.
Amonsr those who spoke in advocacy of
the ratification of the treaty before the
presentation of the resolutions were:
Bishop Potter, Hon. Charles S. Pairchild
and Samuel Gompers.
Following 13 the list of vice-presidents
upon the platform: Charles K. Miller,
R<±v. R. S. McArthur, George Bliss, Most
R?v. M. A. Corripan, Anson G. McCoofe,
Rev. R. H. Newton, Rev. Robert A. Coll
yer, Alexander E. Orr, Oswald Otten
dorffer. Right Rev. Henry C. Potter, Hon.
J*atn«s C Carter, Hon. Frederic R. Cou
dert, William E. Dodge, Wheeler H. Pecfc
_ Kb to-dat:
Our Own Business
Is best subserved by a strict
application thereto. We care
naught what our competitors
do or try to do to stay the
tide of trade which is flowing
our way. y We do just what
we say. That's what brings
us our business.
QUR DEFY WEEK.
We have created a great rumpus among
clothier?. They can't digest our meth-
ods. We are one too many for them.
WE DEFY THEfHi
We'll just take the entire line of all
our $K5.00 Men's Single and Double
Breasted Genuine Ail-Wool Scotch Tweed
Suits, which we will sell with a defy to
all competitors for
I DEFY PRICE
Wututfi
WE DEFY THEM
To sell a better garment for $20.00 than
we are offering here. They ar<*. Ail-Wool
Black and Gray Clay Worsteds, in Sacks
and Frocks, and are never sold for less
than $20.00. They are Dress Suits.
DEFY PRICE
58.45,
WE DEFY THEM
To compete with us those handsome
Covert Cloth Top Coats. You'll see
them marked in other windows 520.00
and 18.00. They are beauties. See 'em
displayed in our windows.
DEFY PRICE
00: DO ■
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Mail orders will receive prompt
( and careful attention. . .-■:
ham, Rev. C. H, Parkhurst. Rev. Morgan
Dix, Elihu Root, Dormnn B. Eaton, Hon.
Carl Scbnrz, Hon. W. L. Strong, Charles
Stewart Smith, Rev. G. Gottheil, W. B.
Hornblower, Hon. George Hoadley, Hon.
Thomas L. Jones, Hon. J. de Witt Warner
and Hon. Evereit P. Wheeler.
y EAKI-W A VU-y CX USIO X.
Venezuela* Confirms Will Ratify the
Irmti/ With Great Britain.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.—
An unsigned copy of the Venezuelan
treaty was sent to Caracas for the informa
tion of the Ministry a fortnight ago. A
Spanish translation of the treaty, signed
by Sir Julian Pauncefote and Senor
Andrade, was mailed on the 7th inst. and
will reach Caracas on Saturday of this
week. It will be laid by President Crespo
before the Venezuelan Ssnate on Monday
next. Under the ruies of the Venezuelan
Congress all bills and treaties are dis
cussed on alternate days for a period of six
days in order that members who were ab
sent the first day may have an opportun
ity of participating in the debate, while
the Senate generally may have the addi
tional time in which to consider and di
gest tho matter under discussion. The
treaty will thus reach a vote on Saturday,
the 20th insi.
All the advices from Caracas indicate
its approval by the Senate by a practi
cally unanimous vote. This result is fore
shadowed by the press of the country .-md
by the utterances of public men. The
presiding officer of the Senate expressed
his gratification at this peaceful solution
of a very serious international question —
a soluiiiin which he regarded as a triumph
of right over wrong. The opposition pa
pers i:i Caracal still criticize certain pro
visions of the treaty, but maintain that
notwithstanding tiie objections it ought
to receive the approval ot the Senate.
, After the treaty lias had a similar ap
proval from the British Parliament ratifi
cations will be exchanged in Washington
between S.r Julian Pauncefote and Senor
And rude. Wittiin the three months fol
lowing their exchange the tribunal of
arbitration will endeavor to select the
fifth member of the board, failing in. which
the apuointment will be made by Kins
Oscar of Sweden. The evidence will then
De submitted to the arbitrators, and the
live members will not come together unt 1
next summer, year, wben. they will meet
in Paris prepared to settle the points at
issue. Meanwhile diplomatic relations
between Great Britain and* Venezuela,
which have been suspended for a term ot
years, will be renewed.
JSEfT nouh J A RIFF.
Xcliinley Sehrdute Ad opt id. by the Ways
and '.''.!!)« Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.— The
McKinley schedule on wools and woolen
was substantially adopted to-day by the
Republican majority of the Ways and
Means Committee.; Some important
changes were made in classification, with
a view of meeting the objections of the
wool-growers to the use of cheap wools
imported at carpet rates under the Me-
Kinley law for clothing purposes. Other
than there little change was made.
The new classification takes out of the
description of wools of class 3 China
lambs' wool, E yptian and Mori ceo
wools, and one or two other elasse , trliich
are declared by the growers to be avail
ab'e lor clothing purpose*. The rates on
the three classes are the same as those of
the McKinley law — 11 cents on wool of
class 1, which includes the merino trades;
12 cents on wools of ciass 2. which in
cludes tne English anil Canada wools,
camel hair and alpaia hair; and 32 per
cent ad valorem on wools of class 3, cost
ing 13 cents or less per pound, and *50
cents ad valorem on such wools costing
more than 13 cents.
The pnrnfjraph of the McKinley law im
posing double duty on washed wool and
tbret- times the u'lwr.shed duty on scoured
wools, imposing 30 per cent per pound on
NEW TO-DAY.
Consternation
Among our competitors is putting it
mildly. They stand by in mute
agony, powerless to stem the tide.
They had their day, and now that
high prices are a thing of the past
these "has beens" should be rele-
gated to the back shelves. We do
business because we attend to it —
ours and no one else's.
OUR DEFY WEEK.
We'll just take the bull by the horns.
We are chock full of fight and mean to
fight to the tnd. We are out for the
championship and our prices will deal the
knock-out blow.
WE DEFY THEM
To sell for less than $2.00 those Fine
DERBY and FEDORA HATS which
you'll see in our window. All shades
and styles.
DEFY PRICE
95c.
WE DEFY THEM
To duplicate any of these goods for less
than double the price. The Genuine
French Percale Stanley Shirts, 100 dif-
ferent patterns, worth and sold for $1.00
everywhere.
DEFY PRICE
45C.
WE DEFY THEM
To sell for less than $1.00 those Genuine
Derby Ribbed All- Wool Underwear that
we are selling at the
DEFY PRICE
50c.
THE BALDWIN
CLOTHIERS,
924 to 930 Market St
BALDWIN ANNEX.
Mail orders will receive prompt
and cirefui attention.
noils and waste and the rates for manu
factures of wool upon wool advanced be
yond the condition of scouring were all
adopted. The schedule of yarns, cloths
and other manufactures was not quite
completed, but it will follow strictly the
Miktnley schedule. No serious change
in the relations of these duties can be
made without disturbing the symmetry of
the woolen schedule now that the Mc-
Kinley duties on all classes of raw wools
have been adopted without change.
IMERESIS THIS COAST.
Amended Ordert J-rotti the War Dt~
jtartment — f ensiona.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March IL—
Orders from Secretary of War are so
amended as to require Major Charles P.
Eagan, commissary of subsistence, now
lieutenant-colonel and assistant com
missary-general of subsistence, to revert
to duty as chief commissary, Depart
ment of California, on returning from his
leave of absence, and to retain station at
San Francisco, California, during such
absence.
By direction of Secretary of War Private
James Cunningham, Company H, First
Infantry, now at San Diejro Barracks,
California, will be discharged the service
of the United States.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows: California: Original— Henry
P. Holmes, Sanger; David M. Monaghan,
Los Angeles: Original widows — James A.
Chat* (father), Vallejo; Elizabeth Volz,
San Francisco.
Oregon: Original — Fielding A. King,
Summit; Orville H. Byland, Hubbard;
John W. Purdom, Albany. Restoration
and reissue— Richard B. Linviile, Mount
Tabor.
Washington : Original— William Stobie,
Sunny Side. Original widows, etc. — Alic*
H. Willis, Spokane; Jane Newman,
Seattle.
Ao Morn Ilodi** Itecovered.
EVANSVILLE, Ind.. March 11 No
bodies were recovered to-day from the
wreck of the Evan«ville and Terre Haute
passenger train in White River, near here,
yesterday morning.
MET* TO-BAT.
High price does
not always mean
high quality. »;
There are baking
powders that cost
as much ad
Trophy
— even more ; but
the quality is made
slim to fatten the
profits of the
makers.
»6 _- Tillinann & Bc&del. Mfrs,
34
CHINESE FLOCK
TO LOS ANGELES
Gamblers and Highbinders
Daiiy Arrive From
This City.
Driven to New Quarters by the
Persistent Raids of tb.2
Police.
Their Invasion of the Southern City
Is Viewed With Aiarm by
the Authorities-
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. March 11.— The
persistent warfare which is being waged
by the police authorities of San Francisco
on Chinese lotteries and other gambling
is having the effect of adding largely to
the Cninese population of this city.
A gentleman formerly with the customs
service at San Francisco arrived here
to-day. He recognized on the train four
of the most notorious highbinders of the
northern city. They were accompanied
by eight Chinese gamblers, and the entire
party left the train at the Commercial
street depot. Ti is gentleman said:
"The police raids on the Chinese gam
blers of San Francisco ha i had a tendency
to decrease the Mongolian population.
The gamblers and other toughs are fleeing
to Los Angeles, and 1 have no hesitation
in saying that at least 150 of the worst
Chinamen of San Francisco hare come to
this city in the last fortnight.
"This influx is bound to result in
trouble, and I predict that inside of ten
days there will be a demonstration of the
character of these und-sirable new
comers. These fellows have made no os
tentatious announcement of their coming,
but are here for no good purpose."
RO/ES AT LOS ANGELES.
The Ex-Governor of lowa Greaily Enjoy
ing a California Trip and Will Come
to San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 11.— Ex-
Governor Horace H. Boies of lowa, a
Democratic politician of National reputa
tion, is now domiciled in this city. Mr.
Boies enjoys the distinction of being the
only Democrat elected to the gubernato
rial chair in lowa for more than thirty
years. He is a discreet, able and positive
man. He had a Btrong following from
several of the Western States for the Presi
dency in the last Democratic National
Convention.
He is nere on a pleasure trip, and is
greatly enjoying his visit to Southern
California. He is particularly charmed
with the climate and the country. The
green fields, the abundant flowers and the
balmy atmosphere combine to create con
ditions in strong contrast to those in his
own State and otner Eastern States at this
time. Mr. Boice had the nonor of leading
the Democracy oi his State to victory In
1892.
'•lowa is having its share of the hard
times," said Mr. Boies, "but if the times
improve it will reaj the benefit?. Tne
outlook for business is very much better
now than ithai boon for some time and
commercialmen look for steady improve
ment. The financicl policy of the new
administration is to be given a fair chance
by the people, and if it brings prosperity
to the country we will rejoice. It is too
far ahead to predict what the Democracy
is likely to do in 1900"
The ex-Governor will visit the principal
points of interest in Southern California
and will then go to San Francisco. He
pronounces President McKtnley's Cabinet
one of the cleanest and ablest ever known
in the history of the Nation.
A. SIEXICAy CONSULATE.
Jhe yeighboring tiepublic to JSe Repre
sented at J.Ol Angrles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 11.— At
the Chamber of Commerce directors'
meeting thi3 afternoon the following com
munication was read from the Mexican
Minister with reference to the chamber's
requestthata Mexican consulate be placed
here:
Mexico, Feb. 24. 1897.
To the President of the Chamber c] Commtrce of
£os Aunties, Cal.: Referring to tne memorial
to the department in my c.iarge under date of
the 18th of S.-ptember of last year, concerning
the convenience of re-establishing the con
sulate of Mexico in your City, I tnke ple»s-
Dre in advising you that the President ha.s
deemed it proper to accede to the request.
Guillermo Andrade will snortly tnke possession
of the consulate ai Los Angeles, having been
duly selected for the post. Witn assurance of
my highest consideration, lam Maeiscal.
Xo« AnQ*\r* County Protest'
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.— The
Board ot Supervisors to-day passed a reso
lution to be sent Assembiyman \V. S.
MeiicK, protestin i against any change in
the boundaries of Los Angeles County.
The action was taken in response to a
communication from Meiick asking what
the board desired regarding Assembly bill
No. 952, providing for taking a portion of
Los Angeles County to add to Ventura
Couaty.
From Kerosene Back to Coal.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March ll.— The
Banta l'e Railway is said to be changing
the oil-burning engines back to coal-burn
ers. The Santa Fe has been using 630 to
800 barrels of oil per day, but the recent
me in the price, with a still further ad
vance threatened, caused the change.
Want the I/range lariff Jncreaied.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 11.— The
board of directors of ihe Chamber of Com
merce to-day adopted resolutions asking
the State Legislature to request Congress
to make the tariff on oranges 40 cents per
cubic foot in place of 20 cents, as acted
upon recently by the Legislature.
Two T««»r« for Canhtn-j a liogut lira ft.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March IL— A. L.
Alford, a member of a prominent Texas
family, pleaded guilty to-day to passing a
fictitious draft for $500 on the First Na
tional Bsnk. Alford was given two years
in Fan Quentin. He is siii to have oper
ated extensively in otner cities.
F.x- Maxtor Radvr Seriously 111.
L.OS ANGELES. Cal., March 11.— Ex-
Mayor Frank flader was seized with a
Eever* attack of neuralgia of the heart yes
terday afternoon. He was ill throughout
the night and had another attack tms
morning, but is doing better this evening.
Jinoih Xuclcer < ominq.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 11.—Com
mander Booth Tucker, leader of the Sal
vation Army in the United States, will be
in Los Angeles next Sunday and Monday.
Take a Change of yentin.
SPOKANE, Wash., March 11. — Ten
ringleaders of the A. P. A., who were ar
restea on a charge of riot in running Ed
itor C. R. Burris out of Wardner, Idaho,
last Sunday, have taken a chanire of venue
from Magistrate Finn, at Wallace, to
Probate Judge Whalen at Murry. Senti
ment against the prisoners was so strong
at Wallace that they were afraid to stand
trial there. The cases have b«jen set for
trial March 24.
Jtoit J'nllrff Srhtml Election.
LARKSPUR, Cal., March 11.— The elec
tion for the purpose of raisine money for
the erection of a scboolhouse in Ro<s Val
ley, Maria Connty, will be held on Friday,
April 2. If the citizens vote in favor of
the proposition a tax will be levied suf
ficient to cover Iho expenses of tue build
ing and the furnishing of it.
T.o* Aniftr* Jioxing Hcut.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 11.— Young
Dempsey and J. Jones, lightweights,
fought fifteen rounds to a draw this even
ing at the. Athletic Club Gymnasium.
Dempsey landed at will, but could make
no impression. Fight u:ieventful, both
men comparatively fresh at finish.
IN HER WEDDING ATTIRE.
Mysterious Su:ct:<e of a Lcvely and
Lonely Bade in an Indiancp
ohs Hitel.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 11.— A
sensational ana mysterious suicide was
discovered at the Grand Hotel this after
noon.
About 1 o'clock this morning a pretty
and handsomely-dressed woman, about 26
or 27 years old, arrivert at the hotel and
registered as Mrs. K. Jenney Doty of Mid
dletown, Oliio.
The chambermaids were unable to enter
her room during the mcrniner. Finally
the hotel authorities became alarmed,
and about 2 o'clock one of the bellboys
entered the room through the transom.
He was horrified to find the young woman,
fully dressed, lyinj; on the bed in a pool of
blood, with a small pistol at her side. She
had shot herself in the temple, but was
not yet dead.
Physicians were sent for and discovered
that the bullet tiad fr.ictured the temporal
bone, but had glanced off and they are not.
hopeless of saving her life. Telegrams
have been sent to Middletown in the effort
to identify her, but replies have not been
received.
At the bedside of the young woman was
found the following note: "To whom it
may concern — Hold no autopsy, but bury
me in mv wedding clothes, as I am now.
Notify B. Alice Doty, 10 Clinton street,
Miadletown, Otiio."
A letter was found aadiessed to Miss
Alice Doty and one to Mrs. Levy Elliott,
Wood bury, Ont.
JiISHUP. JV En MAX DISPOSES.
Testimony for th* lfrfense in the Rich'
ntond- Stelxon Cast.
BOSTON, Mass., March 11.— In the case
of Adah Richmond, who seeks to estab
lish the fact that she is the lawful widow
of the late John Stetson, the theatrical
manager, the counsel for the defense to
day offered in evidence the deposition of
Bishop Newman of San Francisco, taken
at Washington, March 6.
The deponent slated that on February
20, 1867, in New Orleans, he performed a
marriage ceremony, in which John Schaff
er and Adah Emmerman were the princi
pals. Heper.ormea the ceremony by vir
tue of a marriage in the recoru-book of
the Methodist Episcopal Chnrch of New
Orleans, with wh eh lie was connected.
Bishop Newman lurther deposed, when
the entry-book was produced, that the
entry of the marriage was in his hand
writing.
Gus Williams, the actor, testified that
he first met Adati Richmond in Pittsburg
in 1670, and she told him that she was
married to John Stout, a ballad slr.ger.
In 1871 he again saw her and S etson
at the home in Alden street, Boston,
where they were living together, io all ap
pearance?. He never heard Mr. Stetson
call her "Mrs " Stetson. The witness, in
188 7 and 18^8, was with the Adah Rich
mond Burlesque Company, of which Wil
liam Borst was manager.
Mr. Borst and Adah Richmond were
man and wife in their relations. She was
never called Mrs. Borst. When Borst died
Adah Richmond was present at the
funeral dressed in deep mourning.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
There Will Be Ao CSm*««l*m of the Faeiflc
Jurisdiction.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 11.— To-day's
session of the Sovereign Camp, Woodmen
of the World, was largely occupied in the
reading and reference of lesolutions and
proposing amendments to them.
The Women's Auxilliary to Woodmen
of the World held its third day's session
thi* morning. Little besides routine busi
ness was attended to. The question of
dividing the order into separate depart
ments has been decided negatively.
Both tbe circle and lha Woodmen will
continue to hold sessions daily until
next Monday ni.'ht. The much-talked-of
cessation of the Pacific jurisdiction
and the alleged conditions causing it
were said by the supreme clerk to have
been very much exaegprated. There will
be no cessation. Dniing tbe six years of
existence the order has paid to bene
ficiaries $1, 400,000.
JOSEPHISB OtSIABERITED.
Still Under Arrest hi Suspicion That
She Knows Something.
CAICAGO, 111., March 11.— No more
arrests were made to-day in the mysteri
ous shooting case of Mrs. Caroline
Bragg, who was wounded in the
head yesterday by a bullet fired
while she was asleep, and while
her adopted daughter, Josephine, was in
bed with her. The young woman is yet
under arrest, aim the police theory is that
she has a guilts' knowledge of the affair.
In an interview to-day the wounded
woman said that some unfortunate man
wished to marry Josephine and get her
property, which strengthens the theory
of the police that there was a man in
volved in the shooting. Mrs. Bragg has
made a new will disinheriting Josephine.
TUB CABMSABj t*W fRUSPJBRJTI.
ELe Feelt Jhert Will tie Belter Hmet for
the I'eople.
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 11.— Cardinal
Gibbons spent this afternoon in Pitlsburg
;!■•; the guest of Bishop Pbelan and left to
niglit for Baltimore. Asked to give his
views regarding tbe outlook Jor the return
of prosperity under the new administra
tion the Cardinal said:
"I express the hope that the expecta
tions of President McKinley may be real
ized. 1 know he wili do all in hia power
to bring about the prosperity so much
needed, and I feel that we will soon have
better times ail over the country, but we
cannot expect prosperity to bloom into
ripeness at once.
"It is very satisfactory to reflect that
the people feel that better times are com
ing, and have confidence in the outlook
to the extent, that they will do all in their
power toward aiding the new administra
tion in its efforts in this direction."
Jronmoltlert' Wagf Reduced.
PITTSBURG, if a., March IL— A reduc
tion in wages of from 10 to 20 per cent,
affecting about "200 men, has been an
nounced in the Keystone Bridge Rolling
mill, Pittsburg, and at the Standard
Manufacturing Company in Alleehtiny.
The Standard Manufacturing Company
resumed operations in full yesterday alter
an idleness of about a month.
A Bii Fire in lies .Voine*.
DES MOINES, lowa, March 12.— Fire
broke out in the rear of the Homestead
building at 1:30 o'clock this (Friday)
morning. Unles-s the wind freshens it is
beiieved the lire is under controi. One
man was so badly burned that he became
unconscious and was removed to the hos
pital. Ko other injuries are reported.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12*1897.
DISAPPEARS FROM
HIS SHASTA HOME
B. F. Roberts, a Prominent
Citizen, Missing for
a Week.
Leaves Bella Vista for Mont
gomery While a Snowstorm
Is Raging.
Fi-ars That He Perished in the Bliz
zird or Was Drcwn d or
Murdered.
REDDING, Cal., March 11. —B. F.
Roberts*, one of the most prominent citi
zens of this county, has been missing from
his home since la*t Friday. Mr. Roberts
was formerly assistant Postmaster here
and has occupied numerous public offices.
He resided with nis family near Bella
Vista, about eight miles from thi3 city.
Last Friday he left his home for Mont
gomery Creek to organize a lodge of
Patriots of America. A severe stoim was
raging at the time of his departure. He
I was last seen on the road near Ben Jen
j kins' farm, on North Cow Creek, some ten
1 miles from his home.
It be^an snowing heavily that evening,
and it is supposed that the traveler became
bewildered, and, losing his way, was lost
in the snow and perished, or was drowned
in one of the swollen streams.
The missing man was expected home
on Sunday, but he did not return.
His family was not particularly alarmed
at first, as they thought he might be de
tained from returning by the storm, but
| when he failed io return by Monday they
began to think that something was wrong.
On Tuesday his son Herbert rode up to
Montgomery Cr.-ek and learned that his
lather had not reached that place. Her
bert returned homo on Wednesday and
gave the alarm.
Several searching parties were immedi
ately organized to hunt for the missing
man, but no trace of him has been found.
Mr. Roberts was for many years one of
the most p-ominent schoolteachers in this
county. He was assistant postmaster in
this city under the lute John N. Major,
and for the pa^t eight years has been en
| gacred in farming on Cow Creelc.
He was a well-educated man, a great
student and a writer of considerable local
prominence, being a frequent contributor
to the local press at Reuaing.
A good many entertain the opinion that
he has bf en murdered, but no motive can
be attributed for the perpetration of such
a crime.
FROM PRISON TO JSILUM.
Miles Peterson J>o( Guilty by Reason of
•i'.v : ':i\~ Insanity.
REDDING, Cal., March 11.— Miles Pet
erson, who has been on trial the past
week in the Superior Court of this county
for the murder of John Sutherland at
Castelia last July, was to-day found not
guilty by a jury of his peers.
The celebrated case went to the jury at
5 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and 1 this
morning at 11, after being out 18 hours,
the jury returned a verdict of "Not guilty
by reason of insanity."
A large crowd assembled at the court
houso at an early hour, in fact many had
remained there over night, such was the
interest over the case.
The prisoner appeared leaning on the
arms of his two brothers, who had been
constantly at his sido during thre prog
ress of the trial. He bore a careworn and
forlorn appearance, and showed plainly
the siege had been a seyero strain on his
system.
When the jury first came in they stood
eleven to one. How they stood as to con
viction or acquittal was not known. At
this the prisoner sank in a dead faint and
was removed to the Sheriff's office, at
tended by hi* counsel and brothers, until
the jury had further deliberated. In ten
minutes they returned with the verdict of
not guilty.
Captain Dozier, counsel for the defend
ant, was entirely overcome, and it was
some moments before he could speak. He
thanked the jury, and they closed the now
famous case.
This afternoon Peterson was examined,
for insanity and committed to the Napa
Insane Asylum, to which place he will be
taken to-night.
SAN DIEGO POLITICS.
Lively Meeting of the Republican Central
Committee — Certain Candidates lor
Office Denounced.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March 11 The San
Diego Republican Central Committee, at a
meeting last evening, endorsed Judge M.
A. Luce for Postmaster, Thomas H.
Silsbee fnr Collector of tne Port,
James Rusaell for United States
Marshal, Watson Parrish for United
States District Attorney, and A. C.
Yoorhies oi San Francisco for Superinten
dent of the United States Mint.
It had been generally supposed that the
retiring Congressman, \V. W. Bower.-,
would be indorsed for f.e Collector
sliip, but in a resolution he was
denounced for alleged "efforts to state
himself for tne position despite the lact
that he had worked for free silver and
t&lked against the Republican part}'
during the late campaign. "
The committee also denounced Howa-ci
M. Kuichin, editor of the Tribune, now
in Washington working for appointment
as fourth Assistant Postmaster- General,
calling him a "renegade traitor, who hail
done all in his power to disrupt his party."
To-day Bowers replied to the commit
tee, attacking 'he Union for its report of
the proceedings and accusing E. S. Bab
cock, a committeeman, of lying when he
reported having received a letter from
Austin Goodman of Cincinnati which
stated that Bowers bad said be was slated
for a position.
Bowers has, however, the solid indorse
ment of the California Congressional dele
gation for the (Joilectorsliip, and is prac
ticaily sure of appointment. To a United
Press reporter to-day Bowers said:
"i nra satistip'l irom inforuiation re
r-ivert while in Washington la-t week that
Mr. Kutchin will receive some high gen
eral appointment from the administra
ton." *
JUJf. FLEUHY tXVITF.J).
Soled Crnricl Hectare* Hi* Innocence
• « Before the Legislature.
ST. PAUL, Minx, March 11. — Tom :
FJeury, one of the four bank robbers of ,'
world-wide notoriety now serving long :
terms in the State prison at Stillwater for
the robbery of a messenger of the Mer- i
chants' National Bank of this city cf
$5000 three years ago, caused an exciting
scene at the prison to-day on the occasion
of the visit of the Legislature to that in- '
stitution. Among the convicts who lis- i
tened to an address of Senator Wyman i:i :
the assembly hall was Fleury, who as soon !
as the address was finished sprang to His <
feet and insisted on maaking speech*. The
guards made a rusa lor him and there was
gr?at excitement.
"I want to tell," shouted Fleury at the
top ot his voice, "that I was unjustly con
victeu. I was sent here on trumped-up
evidence and am suffering: for what some
body el?e has done. I—"
Here the guards made a concerted rush
and caught Fleury in their arms lie
struggled to get free, but could not do so.
As he was pulled acros3 the Hall to the ceil
section he veiled at the top of his voice,
"lam a wronged man; I was convicted on
manufactured testimony, and it is a shame
and a disgrace to you all."
HBXAX'B AIiVICK TO THE SOUTH.
He Hat Left lennoitee on Iff* Return
to Hit Xe turn* tea Hoin:
NASHVILLE, Te-v.v., March 11.— The
second day of the visit of ibe Hon. W. J.
Bryan to Nashville ended a most memor
able one for her people, and particularly
for the "Woman's Tennessee Centennial
Exposition, which will be benefited by the
proceeds of his lecture.
Following his lecture on the financial
issues last night Mr. Bryan addressed Iho
L9£fslature to-day on the subject of cor
porations and their relation to the Govern
ment. '■ :.';/*
Apropos of a bill now before the Legis
lature v is remarks were in the nature of
wholesome advice to that body.
After being the recipient of much social
attention Mr. Bryan left for Lincoln, Neb. \
at 7:40 o'clock to-nurht.
If It EUE IV &.\u \%'S B. EA TIL T.
South lfahota JUizzard Jhrenlen* to Tie
Up ltailroadi Afjnin
ST. PAUL, Urns., .March 11.— One of
the most severe snow storms in years haa
been raging here since 7 o'clock this morn
ing, with no signs of abatement at mid
night The storm ha 3 been general
throughout the northwest, about a foot
of snow havinc fallen.
In South Dakota a blizzard holds fall
sway. Near Aberdeen several freight
trains are buried in snow drifts. There is
a probability that tne storm ana ac
companying blockade will tie up the rail
roads for another week.
COSSCJEA OK ft MOTE him.
Hank Trraiurer Voluntarily Confetses
and /« Aow In Priton.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd , March 11.—
Hugh Campbell, treasurer of the Bee
Hive Loan Association for nine years,
vountarily went before the Grand Jury
to-day and confessed to having embezzled
the association's funds for three years at
the raie of $3 a week. An investigation
showed that the man was telling the
truth, and he was indicted. Tne papers
were turned into court, Campbell pleaded
guilty and was given a two years' sentence.
Ho is now on his way to prison.
SOU Of JUS FATHER.
Carter B. Ilarvon Xominaled, for
Mauor of Chicago by Acclamation.
CHICAGO, 111., March 11.— The follow
ing ticket was nominated this afternoon
by the Democratic city convention:
Mayor, Carter H. Harrison (by acclama
tion); Treasurer, Ernest Hummel (by
acclamation); Attorney, M. J. Devine;
Clerk, W. J. Loeffler.
The platform unequivocally indorses
the National Democratic platioim adopted
in this city last July.
Carter li. Harrison is the oldest son of
the iate Carter H. Harrison, who was as
sa«sinated and who was Mayor of Chicago
four times, and is an ardent free silver ad
vocate.
IT BLEW GREAT GUNS.
Cattle Thrown Overboard From a Nearly
Foundered British Steamer Owing io
a Scarcity of Water.
LIVERPOOL, Exg., March 11.— The
British steamer Lake Winuipeg, from St.
John, N. 8., February 14, arrived here to
day, having consumed twenty-five days
on the voyage.
Her commander, Captain Taylor, re
ports having had one of the roughest
voyages in hia experience. The heavy
seas, which washed over the ship, partly
filled her engine-rooms with water and
shifted her cargo, making it necessary to
call upon the passengers to help remove
the water and right the vessel.
For more than two weeks the ship's hres
were out, and owing to the scarcity of
drinking water and the failure of the con
densers to work it became necessary to
throw overboard 370 head of cattle, 74
sheep and 2'l horses.
The officers and crew of the Lake Win
nipeg, as well as the passengers, of whom
there were twelve on board, agree that the
ship narrowly escaped found ring, and it
was with the utmost difficulty that the
great quantities of water which flooded
the shiD as the sens broke ever her and
put out her fires were kept within the
limits of safety to the vessel.
2 Farllamentnrtt Crist* <» Germany.
EERLIN, Germany, March 11.— The
National Zeitunn says the Parliamentary
situation in Germany has assumed a seri
ous aspect. Vice- Admiral Hollmann, Sec
retary of State for the Admiralty, the
paper says, is determined to resign if lie
1% unable to carry all the essential de
mands oi his estimates.
.v«<i»»ii-r.» Coltided at Colon.
COLON, Colombia. March 11. — The
British steamer Navigator, Captain Corn
line, from Liverpool, February 18, and
the German steamer Venetia, Captain
Mastermann, from Hamburg, January 21,
were in collision to-day. Botu. vessels
were damaged, the Venetia 3?riously. She
will discharge for examination.
Qiinm Victoria in France,
CHERBOURG. France, March 11.—
The royal yacht Victoria and Albert, with
Queen Victoria and Princess Henry of
Battenberc and their suites on board, ar
riveil here this morning from Portsmouth.
The Queen and her party left here for
Nice and Cimie^ at 10:25 o'clock this fore
noon.
Slareri/ abolished on the Xlger.
LONDON, Eng., March 11.— A dispatch
from Lagos says a decree has been ii^ued
for the abolition of slavery in the N cr
country. The decree goss into effect up >n
the anniversary of the completion of the
sixtieth year of Queen Victoria's reigti.
Steamer Illinois Disabled.
LONDON, Eng., March 11.— The Ameri
can steamer Illinois. Captain Broomhead,
from Antwerp for Philadelphia, anchored
off Hansweerd, Holland. Murcii 9, with
her shaft iind cylinder broken. Siie will
be towed back to Antwerp for repairs.
A French. Hear- Admiral Expir**.
PAKIS, Fkance, March 11.— Rear-A
dmiral Vallon (retired), member of the
Chamber of Deputies for iirest, is dead.
He was in the eighty-first year of his age.
More Trnopt for thit Philippine*.
MADRID, Spain, March 11.— It has been
decided by the Government to send
15,000 additional troops to the Philip
pines.
German Jjrxlcotjrapher Item
BERLIN, Germany. March 11.— Daniel
Sanders, a well-known German lexico
grapher, died to-day at Neu Strelitz.
Jienth of v Computer.
LONDON, Eng., March 11.— Berthold
Tours, a composer, died in this city to
day.
TO CUKE A COLL) IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Urorno Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists reiuuct tue money if it Jails to care. 25c
MINERS RUSHING
DOWN TO YUMA
Strikes of Fabulous Rich
ness in the Arizona
Camp.
Plenty of Rock That Assays
From $400 to $2500
Per Ton.
The Town Is All Excitement and
Hop?s to Become a S.cond
Virginia City.
YUMA, Ariz, March 11.— People from
points west of here who are hurrying to
the scene of the mining excitement in the
Short Horn Mountains, seventy-five miles
from Yutna, will encounter greater excite
ment before they reach their destination.
A mineral deposit of surpassing richness
has been discovered even within the lim
its of the town of Yuma, and if the claims
of the discoverer, B. J. Cooke of Los
Angele?, are but half true Yuma will in a
short time be a second Virginia City.
Three assays show rock that runs not less
than $400 a ton. some of it reaching as
high as $1:500. It is not reasonable that
these incredible assays can hold up, but
the opinion of careful mining experts who
have pounded up and horned out pieces ot
the rock are that it will average $50 a ton.
The ore can be milled on the spot for 75
cents a ton as everything needful is
handy. Excitement here is growing and
people are flocking to this county from all
directions.
OOLIJ irjyjj jut. Alt VKATVRA.
Many Partira Xunliing to Kordtfff, in
the Ijal V alley.
VENTURA, Cal., March 11.— A well
defined ledge containing gold lias been
discovered near Nordhoff, in Ojai Valley,
fifteen miles from this place. Excitement
is high and many parties went to the bills
yesterday and to-day. A large number of
claims have been taken up during the past
two days. The discovery was made over
two weeks ago, but kept quiet until yes
terday. Assays made of the surface rock
show all the way lrora $2 to $12 per ton.
Tha led^e runs from thirty inches to six
feet wide and has been traced for several
miles. A number of parties have gone
from here and to-day the hills were full of
people. ____^^^_^___
OREGON MURDER SUSPECTS.
Arrested for the Brutal Killing of a
Car.by Saloon-Kaepsr One N ght
Last May.
OREGON CITY, Or., March 11— Peter
Grinerand Louis Rogers were arrested near
Canby and brought to this city this even
ing on the charge of murdering Conrad
Neiberc, the Canby saloon-keeper who was
kilied last May. The complaint against
the prisoners was made by Milo Lee of
Can by. Constable McCowu made the ar
rest of both men, though he kept them
separate and neither knows of the arrest
of the other. Neither of them made any
inquiry as to the nature of the charge pre
ferred.
1 here is said to be a strong chain of cir
cumstances connecting the prisoners with
the murder of Neibert, but the officers are
not willing to matce the story public yet.
It is understood that the men liave pro
fessed some knowledge of the affair, and
hav3 told conflicting stories when ques
tioned about it. Griner is a woodcutter
who has been working on the west side of
the river near Canby. Rogers has a Mnall
ranch on Canby prairie, where his family
live*. He hiis been convicted of offense^
that give him the name of being a nard
man.
Neibert was called by two maskad men
to his saloon door after he had locked ii
and was closing his establishment for the
night. As he opened the door the men
tired and fled. Neibert was shot through
ihe body anJ died the next day from the
wound. It was a very mysterious affair,
an<i suspicion has been directed to various
persons connected with other misdeeds,
but nothing more tangible than suspicion
lias developed to connect anybody with
the commission of the crime.
THEATRICALS AT STASFORD.
Steord and Sandal L'lub to Present "the
Stoops to Conquer."
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal..
March 11.— Great preparations are being
made by the Sword and Sandal Club for
the presentation of Goldsmith's comedy,
"She Stoops to Conquer," which will be
given next Friday evening for the benefit
of the junior annual. The seats have been
on sal; for a week and a racked house is
assured. This is first student theatrical
performance piven at Stanford this year
and the interest in the event is corre
spondingly great.
The comedy will be correctly staged and
costumed, speci:il scenery baring been en
gaged in San Francisco to carry out the
idea of the play correctly. A stage has
been erected in Encina gymnasium, in
which the play wi'l be given.
The cast of characters is unusually
strong tor amateurs. The participants
are well suite! to their parts. The dram
atis persona is as follows:
sir Charles Mariow.. c. Hoi brook
Youn? Marlow (his son) V. B. RU, v
Hurdcanle \V. C. Price
Hastings G. H. Bush
Tony Lamptin....; ...j. a Brlioe
Dtggory. W. M. - ciniosli
Mrs. ilantoastle Miss M. G. 1-erral
Miss Harlcwile Miss O. rjirucelspiel
Miss Neville ...Miss Acne* Money
Maid...... Ml« Jessie T. ila.ke 1
Landlord, sTVAiits, etc.
PALO AL.IO V.itf JfJUOSPJCCTS.
Ex-erifthiitq Indicate* That There Kill
Be "ii .-tint ml. -ml Held.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
March 11. — The farming class about
Stanford University predict an unusually
larje crop this year. Mr. Reynolds, the
efficient manager of the Palo Alto estate,
in spending of the farming outlook said:
"The indications are that the yield of
barley and hay will be nearly double the
usual crop. O.i the hillsides and gravelly
soil the grain has a splendid start. Wi:h
the warm weather of ;he coming mouths
the prospects could not be bettor. Had it
not been for the recent cold spell the
growth would have been too dense. The
f!r:iin in the hollows has been drowned
out and it necessitated replanting.
"If we have much more irost, however,
there is no telling how much duraace will
be done the early fruits. The almonds
and apricots will suffer most. There is
an almond orchard among the foothills
southwest of here that has already been
seriously damaged by the frost.
"It is too early to form an idea as to the
probsble yield of grapes. The buds have
not set as yet. A frost last year reduced
the crop to one-fifth the usual output.' 1
Ttttrisrille Bo'j Killt Himaelf.
WOODLAND, Cal., March 11.— Charles
Biuason, the 17-year-old son of Reuben
Branson, an old resident of. Yo!o County,
committed suicide at Davisyille n«ht
by swallowing a dr.m of ■WSjJj;-
Youn> Brunson was employed in Wells.
C&Co.'s office. He has been drink
in R heavily of late, nnd his lather has had
SSasfon to reprimand him severe , y Lj£
nielu they bad some words, which were
provoked by the young man getting on a
spree with some, money. belongine to his
father. '. -
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
S. Bachrach h Wanted en a Charge
of Obtaining Money Under False
Preterses.
SAN JOSE. Cal., March 11.-S. Bach
rach, who came to this city several months
ago from Oaklan.l and represented him
self as agent for the Mutual Relief Fund
Association, is wanted on a charge of ob
taining money undor faise pretenses.
Henry Philip, secretary of the Commer
cial and Savings Bank, is the complain
ant. A warrant was issued to-day from
Justice Guss' court for Bachrach's arre-t.
Bachrach represented at the bank tt:at he
was doing an insurance and real estate
business at 446 Eighth street, OaKland.
and had money in a bank in that city,
and upon these representations he in
duced the banl: officials to cash a $30
sight draft drawn upon himself. This
was in October last, and since then the
bank has been unable to collect the money
from aim. It is believed he had no
money in the banK when the accommo
dation was secured.
FELL A TJtEE WHO. BULLETS.
Tedious and Expensive Sport of San
J-'ranclsco Marlmtnfn.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— A liveoak
tree, twelve inches in diameter, was felled
in a novel manner at the Gilroy Hot
Springs last Monday. The feat was per
formed by rifles by T. Sullivan, Albert
Wieland ana Joe Nolan, all of ban Fran
cisco. The marksmen took up a position
about sixty yards from the tree, which
stood near the clubhouse at the springs,
and began firing, and at almost every shot
pieces of ihe trunk of the tree were chipped
away. The process was a slow one, but
at last the feat was accomplished. It re
quired some time, and no less than $60
worth of ammuuition to fell the tree in
this novel manner.
Wayward >pani*h Girl.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— Sally Cas
tro, a 16-year-old Spanish girl who has
been leading a wild life for the past few
months, has been complained against by
her mother, Mr*. Sarah T. Castro, and a
petition has been filed in the Superior
Court asking that the girl be sent to Whit
lier Reiorm School. She associates with
dissolute characters and is beyond paren
tal control.
Suit to Foreclose a Mortgage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— Theodora
Payne, executrix of the estate of the late
D. S. Payne, to-day began suit in the Su
perior Court against S. and Ellen Good
enouEh to foreclose a $10,000 mortgace on
some orchard property near the Twelve
mile House. The lien was givn to secure
a note executed on March 1, 1894.
A Sheriff Who Would Be a Vnrslial.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— Petitions
are being circulated for signatures in this
city and county, a?king Provident McKin
ley to appoint Georse S. McK.nzie, who
lias been Sher ff of Napa County for the
past eight years, United State- Marshal
for the Northern D. strict of California.
Many names are being secured.
Death of an Octogenarian,
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— A. H.
Frier, a well-known resident of tbia city,
died yesterday afternoon. He was a na
iive of Kentucky, aged 83 years. Ho
cro-sed the plains to Oregon in 1845.
Fourteen years ago he removed to tnis
city from Portland, Or.
Arraigned for liurglarw.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— Harry
Everett, who stole a saddle lrom J. D.
Roberts of this city and was arrested in
Gilroy, was arraigned before Justice Dwyer
to-day on a charge of burelary. His ex
amination was set for March 22. Bail was
fixed at $1000.
Ztrle-jntea to the Grand Parlor.
SAN JOSE, Cal , March 11.— San Jose
Parlor, N. S. G. W., has elected John S.
Wi.liams and Clem Bellolidelesrates to the
Native Sons' Grand Parlor, which con
venes in Rpdwood City next month. W.
Setta ana J. A. Anthes were elected alter
nates.
MILL YALLLI SO> U - 111 1C I>S.
Society for Their Importation Btorgan
isrd for This lear.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., March 11.— The
final report of th« secretary of the Society
for the Acclimation and Protection of tlie
Singing Birds of Miil Valley, Anton
M chalitschke, has been suDniitted to the
members of the society. The report shows
that tne debts of the organization have
oeen paid in full.
A new organization has been formed for
1 lie same purpose and with the same name
as the old society, and tne importation of
the song-birds will be continued.
Tue members of the new society ar?:
Charles Meyer Sr., A. Eloesser. Ernest L.
Hueter, Charles F. Kunvon, Dr. F. Gut
schow, Max Schmidt, E. Durbrow. T. P.
NEW TO-DAY.'
<v Men are oftrn
' rfmm Mi wiser than they act.
fs\)&P"^Ufa*&( They know how to
C^.JSiri JS^.f\A be happy but some-
-sffl^©* fflk times they are mis-
• \a2#A. t^~vs«. era^e. They know
XdJsSn«J;/7 .j^^^thereisno happincsa
W&Mxfry/f/jM^^^ worth the name with-
■ft?"vvv//^i out ncaltil ; yet they
SJtoV/^af neglect health. They
|r *C#ffyvi allow dyspepsia and
I -/>^AW biliousness and con-
\'\ . -^ stipation to get
a hold on them and make life wretched.
Those three complaints usually come to-
gether. Constipation affects the stomach
and liver. That brings on bilious attacks
and indigestion, headaches, nausea, dizzi-
ness, queer sensations of weakness and pal-
pitation. Your nerves are unstrung, your
system is sluggish; You lose ambition.
The fact is your whole constitution is being
slowly undermined. What you need is Dr.
Picrce's Pleasant Pellets.
They cure constipation, dyspepsia and bil-
iousness in the only sure, permanent way.
There is nothing violent or irritating about
them, they work mildly though quickly.
They tone and strengthen the bowels to
carry on their functions naturally They
gently stimulate the flow of bile from the
liver and the digestive juices of the stom-
ach. You don't become a slave to thcii
use as with other pills. They make you reg-
ular and then you can leave them. That is
the difference between Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets and the something "just as good,"
which a sharp druggist tries to substitute.
Don t let him do so with you.
If you want to keep your health and strength
Without consulting the doctor so often, the best
,/^^n ,' thins; you can do is to write
. , to the World's Dispensary
.^g§sff|g§f£*!Sil Medical Association, Buf-
: falo, N.Y., for a copy of
y*&*frf^^ D «"- Pierces great book, the
f'\ "People's Common Sense
ii? [I c^Wl/J Medical Adviser." Send at
' 2?^ .^\cV» -cent stamps to cover
. I ;£s<ii. cost, of mailing only. It it
:**«. ! t^Jiff a large book of 1008 pages,
*Jsl 1 4&2jj^ with over 300 illustrations.
hSL, 1 1 jti It is the same book of which
Ri 'j 1 i 680,000 copies were , sold at
•C. |i^^>^^ $*-S° «*ach. The only dif.
KEjLa, It^^ frrence is in the binding,
vJJ^^U^"^ which in the free edition
- . . is of strong manilla paper
There is no other such complete family doctor
fiook in the English language. It is a veritable
medical library, complete in one volume Send
Now before all are given away. They are going
off rapidly, therefore, do not delay sending in-
' lT* I**% if in want of one - The above geaersw
•ff«r la limited to we.swo cosies. __
Fi'z«era!d, Gustav Marcus. Frank B
Washington, A. KouJlier, William Mc-
C-inn, Lovell White, Dr. A. Burkan,
Frank W. Marvin, William Frese, Am on
M chalitscbke. .
The birds which will be imported this
year are to be of different varieiies from
the last consienment, wnich consisied of
English skylarks, goldfincbe-, bullfinches
and thrushes These oirds huve done ex
cellently and the bird-;anciers who have
watched Miil Vajley's experiment will be
pleased to lear.i that the society's work
will be continued.
VFPOSK TtlE CANAL.
Seattle Congressman Talk* and Cham
ber of Commerce Jleiolve*.
SEATTLE. Wash. March 11.— In a
speech to-night delivered before the
Caamber of Commerce, Congressman
James Hamilton .Lewis made known
his position with reference to
the '.'construction of the Nicaragua
canal, an undertaking which he
opposes on the ground that the "canal
would be neither a good National defense
scheme nor a treat commercial Denetit,"
and that he was "emphatically not in
favor of yielding up American rights un
der plea of commercial benefits," and that
"American people should not be cuddled,
cajoled or coaxed."
By a vote oi 63 25 the chamber adopted
a resolution declaring it to be the sense of
the» body that the construction ot the
Nicaragua Canal would not b< conducive
to the commercial interestsoi Puget Sound
and the State of Washington.
Committees were -appointed to draw un
a. rf solution to be formally adopted next
Friday ni ht setting forth the irreparable
damage to this State in consequence.
President Cleveland's famous forest re
serve order wa^ also included praying the
new administration to revoke the order
which withdraws from settlement eight
million acres of land in Washington
alone. • _ ■ ■■
Gain Day at San Leandro.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., March IL—To
day was a «ala one here. The large flag
donated to the town by F. 8. Hastings
was unfurled at the top of the new 175-foot /
mast which has been c ected on the plaza,
also as the gift of Mr. Hastings. The
school children and several of the fra
ternal organizations took part in the
demonstration and an interesting time
was had.
SPEAKING ABOUT THE FIGHTERS, ONE
of the morning newspapers assures its
readers that a certain doctor had pronounced
the fighters In "perfect manhood." This ii a
great, a very great compliment. It means
much, it means very much. How would you
like to be able to say to yourself that you are
in a state of "perfect manhood" ? How would
you like to feel that those awful ringing in the
ears, those flashes of beat from the eyes, those
rebellious nervous twitching* of the muscles
of the face, those days ot melancholy and
nights of distress are all gone and that you
were really and truly a man T Would yon- not
feel proud ? Wei!, know then, that you can be
just such a man and under a guarantee at that.
If you wish to get back what has been lof', you
should get the great HUDYAN remedy- treat-
ment. •- ■ , -■■ ■ . ••■ • . ;,--■. -■ 
This remedy-treatment is the product <■.* the
best forces of the Rood doctors of Hudson mod- i
leal fame. Hudyan can be had only from Hud- i I
son Medical Institute. No one else has Hud- 1
ynn.
HUDYAN cures depression of spirits, head-
ache, bashfulness, noises in the head, falling
hair, falling manhood, constipation, rushing
of blood to the head. Dizziness and diseases
and disabilities of man. You should learn
about the wonderful results of Hudyan.
Circulars and Testimonials Tree.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
c^ It Publishes t\te Cream of th«
01 News of the Week and
&l MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<=< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
<=>\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©C PAPER ON THB
(J PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always s
3 Fair and Impartial in Its , A
gD Rendering of the Po- 1 *
3 litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Send East If
o You Want to Advertise
ex California.
~ \ / '
°( The Best \ /Mining
erf Telegraphic \/ News That
©< Service on /\ Is Accurate
jj The Coast / \& up to data
Q) Not a Line of it Sensational ■
®S or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
;-^l Bright, Clean, A Champion of
O< Thoughtful. Truth.
©< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPIB f
gj All THE TIME. f
°) IT ADVOCATES J SENT BY
©< HOME MAIL, Sl.s*
IcJ INDUSTRIES j A YEAR.
o{ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLSTOCKTON LADY'S
TERRIBLE FATE
Aged Mrs. Keane Cremated
at Her Daughter's
Home.
Her Clothing Ignites From a
Firep ace and Assistance
Comes Too Late
From Knees to Bust the Flesh Was
Burned Off the Poor Woman's
B)dy.
STOCKTON. Cal., March 11.— At 11
o'clocic ihis afternoon while Mrs. Cath
erine Keane, the aged mother o: Mrs. M.
Murphy, was sitting in front of a fireplace
in the dining-room of her daughter's resi
dence at the southwest corner El Dorado '
and Lindsay streets, her dress isriuted and
before the b!aze could be pxtincuished she
received fatal and horrible burns, the
flesh crackinp open and falling partly off
where the flames had roasted it.
At tl:e lime the terrible accident oc
curred the other members of the family
were in different parts of the house and
the aged lady was alone. It is supposed
that she was sitting in front of the rire
phice warming her feet. Jim as the flames
beean to spread Miss Katie Keane, a
daughter of the unfortunate woman, hap
] ened to go to the dining-room, and a*
she opened the door Mrs. Keane, who,
enfeebled by a^e and sickness seemed
hardly to reaiize her danger, turned to her
daughter and said without much alarm,
•My dress is afire."
The screams of the daughter for aid
brought Mrs. Murphy to the place and
together they tried to extinguish the
blaze by winding the blanket around the
flame-enveloped form; but in spite of all
their efforts the fire ate its way into the
quivering tirsh upon whi(h it had I'aJt
e::ed, until Dually the unfortunate wuiuan
sank prostrate uj.on the floo r .
In the meantime one of Mrs. Murphy's
dau htfr< was standing at the front i.oor
scream in c for help and calling out, "My
grandmother is burning up."
W. H. Newman, who was passing on
his whee , responded. A horrible M^ht
met hi* gaze. The poor woman lay on her
bactt near t: c sink, and her ciothine.
which wii partly of wool, was still a haif
burning mass, in spite of all that the
ladies cou'd do who were trying to put the
tiame-i out.
.Mr. Ntwman tore the blazing skirts off,
and with the assistance ol another gentle
mail, who had lou:id his wav downstairs
into the kitchen af'er running through
the hous?, laid .Mrs. Keane on a ia )!e.
A message was sent for Dr. Gibbons,
a:id upon examining the extent of the in
juries he pronounced them necessarily
fatal.
From the Knees to the bust the flesh had
been cooked and in places had cracked
and was falling off. The b»ck was aiso
hurned in the region of the loins and
nothing could be done further than to
relieve the suffering o; the poor woman
w-hile she lay waiting the end.
TROOPS MOVE IN UTAH.
Sent to ihe Unccmpahgre Reservation io
Dr.ve Out ln:rud.ng White
Peep c.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 11.— By or
der of General Miles, Captain M. W. Day
with twenty troopers left Fort Ducfiesne
yesterday for the Uneorapahgre reserva
vation to remove the intruders who en
tered the reservation to make locations
under the impressiun tnat it had been
thrown open to settlement The orders
are thnt while tbe interests of the Indians
are to be protected and th» ;resi>ass?rs re
snoved armed confl ct with the intruders
!s to Oe avoided if possible.
A large number of the "soonrrs" left
wiien it became known that the bill open
inz the reservation tiad lailed to become a
law, but between 200 and 300 remain. It
is not thought ihe troops Will nave any
difficulty in ejecting thfrn, but :i!l who re
fuse to ;eavc will be taken prisoners and
broucht to F >rt Duchesne.
The Indiana ar« said to have assumed
an ugly <• ttimde toward the would-be set
tlers, and if tne latt r do not vacate soon
there is likel.v to be roub'e.
SAUS tLITO JW-1.V.-. TfiOUBLES.
Hit I'roperty Detdna to a Man Who Died
•rti.i Lett It to Hi* n,ir*.
SAUSALITO. Cal, March 11. —Jens
' Chrislensen owned a home and some prop
erty, but it is now no longer his.
It appears, according to Chr:stensen's
story, that some time ago he pot into
d.fficulty with another man which bo
came so serious that he was threatened
with a damage su.t. Fearing the law's
wrath. Christensen immediately deeded
ail his property and home to a man named
Winn, whom he knew and trusted. The
damage suit was not brought and the
trouble blew over, but Winn, in whose
name all the worldly possessions of Chris
tensen were, suddenly took dangerously
sick and was in such a condition that it
was impossible for him to sign deeds or
other instruments by which Christensen
could regain liis prop r;y.
Finally Winn, who way an old man,
passed away, and in his name, according
to Christensen's story, ths property still
remains. Winn's widow does not recog
nize the claims of Christensen, and says
the property is hers, and she intends to
hold it.
Chri-steni'en sees no way out cf the di
lemma, and in consequence is without his
home.
SAUS ; LITU rOOLhVOMS.
Jlarri*on «£ *o. Hare the Refwtal of
Apnrtnirntt in Ihn Buffalo ilnt«l.
FAUSALITO, CAL., March 11.- G. Wes
tersen, the owner of the Buffmo Hotel on
Water street, said to-day that Billy Har
rison, the well-Known poolman, had been
to him and he had given Harrison the re
fusal of the place. Harrison intends to
let nim know his decision in a few days.
Other parties al«o looked at Westersen's
place, but he said that as Harrison had
occupied it when he was conducting his
'commission business" in Sauaalno last
year he would consider his cairns in pref
erence to any others.
The people doinsr business on the water
from are in favor of having the pool men
come back, but the "hill people," as the
aristocratic ciiizens are termed, are decid
e.ily against the proposition, and the
prospects of more battlei between the
town Authorities and tne poolmen are as
sured.
President Dickinson of the Board of
Town Tiustees is not in Sausaiito at pres
ent, being in attendance upon the State
Fenate, and what action the Town Trus
tees will take i.i the matter cannot at this
time be learned.
>«»(•« Cruz I'ionrrr Itead.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 11.— Joseph
P. Averon, a pioneer, died yesterday at
his residence between Santa Cruz and
Capitola. He has been sick for a year.
Mr. Averon came to California as steward
The Members of the National Guard of California Who Composed the California Team That Won "The Soldier
of Marathon" at Creedmoor.
on Commodore's Sloat's flagship, and was
present at the raising of the American
flag on July 7, ISIU, at Monterey. He
soon afterward removed to his present
re<id»nce in this county and married a
daughter of Manna Castro, h Spaniard
whose name is a pan of the history oi thi.s
section.
SIOCK7U-\ ABVL.UU BOARH.
Sew Director* Organize With Me Dougald
as I'retidetit.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 11.— It was
expected that the new board of asylum
directors would meet yesterday, but
as they did not arrive the old board went
ahead with business and received the
regular monthly reports.
It was decided to advertise for bids for
supplies for the* six months beginning on
May 1, th» bids to be opened at 9 o'clock
a. M. on April 23, 1897. It was decided
i then to take a recess until 2 o'clock r. M.,
at which time the new board of director?
■was expected to arrive.
Wlifu the new board came in at 2
o'clock some of the members of the old
board had retired. The new board pro
reeded to organize without any ado, and
j J. D. McDougald was ehced president.
John N. Woods was chosen vice-presidont
and the following committees were ap
pointed :
Auditing— John T. Doyle, John N. Woods
J. D. McDou?ald. ' - - ;.
Finance— Steffan*, A. McDonald and Woods.
Improvements and repairs.— Wood Doyle
■ and Mcroagala. •
Visiting— McDonald, McDougald and Stef
fans.
Contract— Committee of the whole. *
The new members of he board are
John N. Woods and John T. Doyle. Me-
Dougald and McDonald are the reap
pointed members, and Steffans is a hold
over.
COCLIIX'T UHi FOSTBOLLS.
Why JJ'nry Millrr Hanrjrd Himaelf on
111% Aif»»ir.»«ifc«'» Ranch.
GILROY, Cat,., March 11.— Coroner Se- |
cord held an inquest to-day on the body
lound hanging to a beam in the fruit- '
house at H«nry Miller's Glen ranch yes- ;
terJay. The man's name was Henry
Miller, though he was not related In any j
way to his employer. He was a German, j
seed about 40 years, and of fine physique. |
He arrived yesterday at noon and was
given a job, but after working an hour dis- ]
appeared, and was found a few hours later i
dead, as described above. The man told j
the foreman that he had two daughters in
Chicago, and hid come to this coast about i
four mom its ago in search of work. Da- [
spondencv is supposed to be the cause of ;
the rash deed, for on a paper was written
these words:
I have given most away In my dayn to tne
poor. The most of them are worth to me best
of my knowledge. I have treated everybody
rurtit. Good night to all.
] can't, stand it digging postholes. so I had
better linished my end. J caa die honorably.
If. Miller.
The suicide had evidently been a man
of means in his day, and his hands and
his clothes showed that he had not been
accustomed to hard work. The body will
be buried to-morrow at the expense of the
county.
TRAGEDY a i AttBVCKLB.
Mrs. Iloovir Kill* Her Hutband With, a
J'irce of Uaiplpe-
COLUSA, Cal, March 11.— Mrs. Frank
A. Hoover killed her husband at Arbuckle
this evening about 7 o'clock by hitting
him over the head with a piece of gas
pipe. The couple have been living an un
happy life for year?, and only about four
months ago Hoover shot one Hornline in
the l»es witu birdabot af.er rinding him
prowling around his house at night. The
ki ling to-day was the result 01 another
family quarrel. It is said thut Hoover
had been abusing his wila and had run
her out into t lie yard, when she picked ur>
a piece o! gaspire, and a* lie came toward
her >h» hit him just above ih» ear, killing
him instantly. She was placed under
arrest and is now in charge of Constable
Smith. An inquest will be held to-mor
row mornintr. Mr*. Hoover is the daugh
ter of L. C. Lane of Dunnigan.
BURGLARS AT SAXTA. MOXICA.
anfe-Vprner Injured Uhiln Examining
lheir ftmmtjf It'ork.
SANTA MONICA. Cal., March 11.—
Last night burglars attempted to open the
safe in the Santa Fe depot, using tools
stolen from J. Mobley's blacksmith-shop.
They also tried to bow it oj en with gun
powder. It was evidently the work of
amataurs, who only succeeded in breaking
the handle and combination and then
gave up the job. This afternoon an ex
pert safe-opener, J. Shooter of Thomas li.
Clark & Co.? Los Angelas, was summoned
to open the safe. While at work a portion
of the gunpowder left in th« lock ex
ploded, blowing out the door, striking
Shooter and badly bruising him, breaking
some of his ribs and hurling him ten feet
away. The door was thrown eight feet,
narrowly m ssinir Aeent C. W. Wilson.
Jniled at Vancouver for forgery.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 11. — In the
matter of the Heaton embezzlements the
strong arm of ttie law has reached on:
again and gathered In Levi G. Smith, for
years a trusted deputy in the County Au
ditor's office, who is now in j»il at Van
couver, B. C. , under v specific charge
made by the Prosecuting Attorney of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1597.
forgery. Smith, who has long been promi
nent in Republican politic?, retired from
office with the chance of administration
on the tirst of the year.
FIELD DAY AT STANFORD.
Entries for the Contests Between Varsity
Freshmen and the Oikland High
School.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
March 11.— Clare Strohn of Los Angeles
captained the freshman baseball team
which recently won the class champion
ship by defeating the juniors in a hotly
contested game. He will be one of the
strongest players on the Varsity team this
year, as he is in great form. Strohn has
played in the Los Angeles High School
team and also in the Tufts-Lyons and the
University of Southern California base
ball nines. His position baa always been
behind the bat. Strnhn will undoubtedly
play second in the Varsity, rilling the base
led vacant by S. Harris of last year's
team.
The reason for the change is that the
teim al'ea ly has a good catcher in A. S.
Jeffs. Both Jeffs and Strohn have been
tried at second, but the latter had the ad
vantage at that position. He is taking a
course in history at Sisnford and is as
good a student as he is a ball-player, and
that is saying a good deal.
The Stanford ireshnien-Oakland High
School lielrt day promises to be of grput
interest. The entries in the different
events were made out to-day by Track
Manager Brown. A similar list was re
ceived from S. H. Westdahl, track man
ager ol the Oakland Higu School team.
The candidates on the two teams will
be entered as follows:
100-yard dash — Stanford freshmen: Birtch,
Boyd," Harter. Oakland High School: K.
Foster.
440-yard dash— Stnnford freshmen: Wilson,
Digglo!., McDowell. Nourse. Oakland High
School: A. taiiopan.
120-yard hurdle— Stanford freshmen: Me
(tan, Edwards. Oakland High School: E. Hus-
Key.
Mile walK — Stanford freshmen : . Oak
land High School: C. Wills, D. Smith, Summer.
220 - yard hurdles — Stanford ireshinen :
Birtch, "Wilson, Harter. Oakland High School:
A. Cadogan, J. King.
Mile run— Stanford freshmen: Burnett,
Dnggett, ThOLup-ou. Oakland High School:
F. Smith, L. H. Westdahl, H. Atwater.
880-yard run — Stanford freshmen: Burnett,
D.ttfgeit. Kiddell, Thompson. Oakland High
School: Weber, Charles itnnis.
16-pound shot put — Standford freshmen:
Burnett, Kerrigan, Morgan. Oakland High
School: A. Flaw.
Pole vault — Stanford freshmen: Kerrigan,
Rallontine, lioyd. Oakland High School: It.
Nicholson, Woodrum, J. King.
12-ponnd iiniumvr throw— Stanford fresh
men:' Burnett, w< oiruff. Oakland High
School: A. Plaw, Woodrum.
High jump — Stanford freshmen: Kerrigan,
Bojra. O.ik;aud High School : K.Foster.
Broad jump — Stanford freshmen: Harter,
DiKgles, Hoarse. Oakland High Schooi: E.
Foster, K. Hussey.
The field day will be held Saturday
afternoon.
LOOKED LIKE A "RUSH."
Stanford Freshmen Win the Class Base
ball Championship From the Juniors
in a Close Gams.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal,
March 11.— The freshmen baseball players
won the university class championship,
defeating the juniors in a hotly contested
gama, by the score of 6 to 5.
In the first half of the seventh inning by
j bunching hits the freshmen tied the score
i amid the wiidest excitement. Fora while
| it looked as though the usually friendly
! classe swould engage in a good old-time
"rush." The trouble a-ose over a mis
j understanding. Irwin '!)», stage manager
| of the production of "fche btooDS to Con
quer," 10 be civen by tne "Sword and
bandals" next Friday evening, attempted
! to prevent Freshman Briscoe, one of t tie
! stars of the aggregation, from wearing out
I his voice veiling.
Jerry Husk, the impetuous president,
I misinterpreted Ms motives. The crowd ol
I class sympathizer* gntnered around, and
with great difficulty peace was restored
and a satisfactory explanation given.
The freshmen made on« run in the
eighth inning, which dcci led the game In
their favor, as the juniors were unable to
I increase their score.
Clair Strohn and Alexander Jeffs each
caught a star game for their two respective
sidei. Both are strong at stick work and
sure catchers.
Beckett, the Varsity candidate for
pitcher, pitched a steady game under ex
tremely trying circumstances. The cn
thus astic juniors, under the leadership of
Irwin and Shoemaker, did all in their
power to disconcert nim, but without any
noticeable effect.
Lougbeed, the leading candidate for
varsity shortstop, put up an exce'lent
game and accepted a number of difficult
chances. Hill, Wrignt, Cotton, James and
Kiauber played a :rood game for thi»
juniors. Murphy, Morgan and McGilvray
won applause on the irishmen team for
clever work in the field.
Juniors— s runs, 6 h'ts, 10 errors.
Freshmen — G runs. 7 hits, 7 errors.
Field Day at 11-niria.
BENICIA, Cal.. March 11.— Interesting
athletic events were decided to-day at
Ber.icia barracks, the contestants being
members of the three companies of the
First Infantry. From the winners the
teams that will compete in the great field
day at the Presidio next mouth will be
selected. The officers in charee of the
events were: Lieutenant Martin, athletic
oflicer; Lieutenant Kilborne, timekeeper;
Lieutenant Pickering, starter; Lieutenaut
Ireland, referee.
440 yard hurdle race— Won by Sergeant
Ornarie, Company C.
10-f"ot wall scaling, tpnm of five men each
from Company B, C and D — Won by Company
D.
Obstacle race, individual— Won by Private
Htndrix, Company ('.
Wall senliiig, 15 leet high, teams of five men
each irom of all companies — Won by Company
D.
Wall >-cnling, 10 feet, teams of two men each
from Company ii. C ana D — Won by Company
D
Obstacle race, teams of four men from each
company — Won by Company D.
Hurdle race, I'JO yards— Won Dy Private
Carter, Company D.
H*sty entrenching— Won by Sergeant I.ang,
Company C.
HURSEMES ORGAMZE.
3HJdU-n>>t*rn State*' Association Vtr
fertrd in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111.. March 11— The Inter
national Horseman's Organization was
perfected to-day at the Palmer House.
Thirty horse-owners, breeders and drivers
were present. The Middle- Western Stales
were represented.
The report of the committee on organi
zation was presented by .President Gill |
and a constitution and by-laws adopted.
The reports stated that the organization
was to be in the' interest of trotting horse
men; all over the world, the object to be
the improvement of; the trotter and pacer,
and the treatment of the breeder, owner,
trainer and driver oi light, harness horses,
and th» preservation and advancement oi
their legitimate interests* in all branches
of the business. The report set forth that
many evils existed in. the old as-iociations
and the new one was designed to correct
them. It was decided to hold the meet
ings annually in Chicago in Match.
Raciny nt ->>«• Orlean*.
NEW ORLEANS. La., March 11.— Six fur
longs, Ella Penzance won, R. Q. Ban second,
Hallow'een third. Time, 1:17.
Six furlongs, Prince of India and Grayling
dead h°&t; Al Kyris third. Time, 1:17. Purse
divided. •
One «nd a sixteenth miles, Tenoehtitlan
won. C'hicot second, Sir John third. Time,
l:52& >
O.ie and an eighth miles, Otho won, Booze
seeoud, Senator Penrce third. Tim', 1:58.
Six iiirlongs, J«ke Zimmerman won, Nance
Lord second, Cora UallarU third. Time,
1:17',.
Seven furlones, Robert Bonner won. Annie
Teuton second, Earth third. Time, 1:30}.£.
■ _^
ifrdicoß Jttert at Auburn.
AUBURN. Cal., March 11 —The Cali
fornia Northern District Medical Society
met here yesterday tc semiannual ses
sion. Thirty members were present, in
cluding President John Fife of Red Bluff
ami Secretary E. E. Stone of Murysville.
Dr. Harkness cf the Academy of Sciences,
San Francisco, was an honored guest. In
teresting papers were read, as follows:
"Gunshot Wends of the Liver. " by Dr-
David Powell of Msrysviiie; "Unusual
Cases in Ophthalmic Practice," by William
EUery Briggs of Sacramento; "Puerperal
Eclampsia, 1 ' by O. Stansbury of Chico;
"Bromine as a Topical Application in
D.phtheria," by E. B. Robertson of Jack
son. It was decided to hold the annual
convention at Chico on the second Tues
day in November.
Shaver Juru Itimgreet nt Aftirred.
MERCED. Cau, March 11.— The jury in
the case of R. A. Shaver, who s>hot Elmer
Bowles last July, could not agree, and
were discharged by Judge Law last even
ing, after having been out lor twenty-four
hours. The jury stood ten for conviction
to two for acquittal. This was the third
trial of Shaver on this charge, and in each
instance the jury stood the same way and
disagreed. The District Attorney w:ll tiy
the ca-p again.
Going From Frtitno to I.nhh,,,
FRESNO, Cal., March 11.— The Board
of Supervisors lias appropriated $2500 to
be used by Dr. Chester Bowel] and Colonel
William Forsyth, who will go to Wasn
ingion to make a fight for a hieher tariff
on Zante currants. Local hunks and
raisin-pnckers have subscribed $2500 more.
Dr. Rowell and Colonel Forsytli will start
for Washington to-morrow night, and will
he joined by General Chipman of Red
Bluff, Who will assist them.
>4U)cri*tle ltnnchur Poitnnt Si nit t>lf.
NEWCASTLE, Cai... Marcn 11.— Lost
evening the dead body of Charles McKin
ney, a well-to-do rancher, was found in
his cabin two miles from town. Letters
to the Coroner and friends showed that
he had administered morphine, strych
nine and laudanum by his own hand. He
has relatives in Kansas.
Snntn Una a Tinrn and Home* Sur-trd.
SANTA ROSA, Gal., March 11.— R.
Armstrongs oarn, on Cherry street, was
destroyed by lire early this morning. A'l
the contents were consumed, including
three valuable horses. The total loss is
about $2000; no insurance. The origin of
tue lire is unknown.
Tarnmn'a llarthl*** Warrant*.
TACOMA, Wash., March 11.— The Su
perior Court, in the t st case, decides
against the validity of over a million dol
lars' worth of outstanding city warrants.
TO CU»«K A COLO IN ONK I>AY.
Take UiativeliromoliumineTat.lets. Alldrug-
Cisis itiuuu ilio luouey nii lails to cure, 2oc
THE SOLDIER
OF MARATHON
A Trophy That Was Won
by California Marksmen
in September, 1877
Preparations to Celebrate the
Twent eth Anniversary
of the Event.
A Match at a Range to Be Shot by the
Survivors, Then a B nquet — Those
Who Made Up the Team.
Within a short time there will be called
in this City a meetintr of the survivors of
the members of the National Guard who,
in 1577, composed the California team
that went on to Creedmoor to shoot for a
tropby offered to teams from the guard of
the several States for the best marksman
ship.
The purpose of the meeting will be to
make arrangements lor the proper ob
servance of the twentieth anniversary of
the shoot which won for the California
team the trophy. Ten years ago the sur
vivors of the team met and celebrated the
event by a banquet at which all the mem
bers exc?pt one were present. That one
was Captain W. H. Brockhoff of Com
pany D, Second lufantry, who some time
before that date met his death by acci
dent. At that time there was reserved a
place at the nead of the table for the miss-
ing member with date turned down. It
is probanle that on the occasion of the
twentieth anniversary there will be a
shoot by the survivors, and that a banquet
will follow. Then there win be two plates
turned down, for since the reunion
Colonel John McCorub, who was the com
mander of the team and adjutant, has
passed away. Of the remaining ones of
j the team there are H. J. Burns, who at
! the time of the prize shoot was captain of
I Company E (ihe Suraners) of the First
j Infantry. Since then he rose to be
I colonel of the First and now is on the re
j tired list. Then there is Charles Nash,
who is a sergeant on the police force,
Harry Hook, who is also on the police
! force, ami Charles P. Le Breton, who is
connected with a prominent mercantile
house of this City.
The California team' was selected from
nmong the b >«t marksmen in the National
I Guard who were members prior to the Ist
of June, 2877. The following were the se
lections and the combined j-core at .00 and
500 yards that entitled them to place in
toe team:
Charles Nash, Company C, First Infantry 474
J. Unrrere, company E, First In fa- try 4.1
J. W. .Mali r, Com pan v C, First I .fatilry 471
Lleutenunt J. K. Robertson. Company k.. First
Infantry. .. ..'...:..;....'. ..466
E. 11. I. add. Company A, Second Infantry 462
J. Warren, Company A, Second Infantry 462
E. N. Snook Jr. Company C, First Infantry...
O. H. Strong. Company X, First Infantry 461
Colonel John JMcComb, commander and ad
jutant of. team 461
W. Wright, Ci nioany a, .-second Infantry 461
Harry Hook, Company \. feecon 1 Intaniry 460
Cai tain H. J. Burns, Company E, First In
fantry 460
Captain 11. W. Brockhoff, Company 1), secuuU
lv f ant ry 459
E. liter. Company 11. First Infantry 465
Charles P. La Uretoo, Company c, First In- ■
lantry 454
The citizens of San Francisco con
tributed a large sum ot money, about
$6000. to defray the expenses of tins team,
and the soldier boy* left the City on the
30th of August for New York, which place
they reached in due lime and found that
they would have to contend against
teams from Connecticut, New York and
New Jersey. They went to practice
shortly after their arrival and kept it un
until the day before the snooting. The
match was shot on the 12th of September,
the day preceding the preat match be
tween the American and English teams at
Creedmoor, near Garden City, on Long
Island, and in which the Americans were
victorious.
The result of the match at the two tar
gets was as follows:
California. 995
Ci nnectlcut 975
New Y0rk."...: 967
New Jersey 944
The following is the individul score of
the twelve of the California team at each
target:
, ■ ■ ' Orarul
200 Yards. Total. COO Yards. Total. To.al .
Captain W. 11. BrockofT ".*.:. 6 46444554 5— 45 256436555 5— 44 89
Lieutenant. J. K. ltobeitson 445344 344 5— 4 ■* . 54555 65 4 5 4—47 - 8?
berßeatilC 1 . p. Le Breton 4 5 4644444 5- 43 644555445 3- 44 I*7
Corporal C. Nash . t 4 64444444 4— 41 54435ft5 &4&— 45 Ho
fergeanlJ.W. Warren 4544545 54»— 43 5452345 655— 43 86
Captain K.J. Burns ....4 654545 444— 44 :44845 525 5- 41) H4
Brrcrant Harry Hook 4433445 545— 41 446644453 4—4.; b3
Private J. W. Maher. j 4 4 5 4 5 4 ft 6 4 4— 44 l< 4 4 4 'I 5 0 5 4 6— »8 82
Pri. X 11. Lad.l 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 5 4— 41 It 5 4 4 5 4 4 6 3 5- 39 HO
General John Mi-Comb 4 4 « 444645 4-41 .448464844 8-38 7»
Private L. iSarrere '6 4 4 4 3 4 3 « 5 6- 87 5 4 4 5 2 5 5 2 3 4- : it 7d
Private W. Wright 4 34444444 4— 39 438833845 4- 37 76
R— Ricochet. 499 ' **$ 995
The victors were loudly applauded and
highly commended by press ana individu
als for their excellent shooting. Soon
after t c match the team returned to San
Francisco, bringing home the trophy, a
beautiful statuette of the "Soldier of Mara
thon," which they held for one year, not
being able to enter a further contest on
account o; lack of funds.
At the time of the shooting of that
match The (all presented to its many
readers a great stroke of enterprise. It
was the [publication of the target ot each
shooter, showing where the bullet struck,
something that had never before been
done on this coast and was done at that
time by only one newspaper in the East.
At the shooting range The Call had a
series of rule I charts or reproductions of a
target that was crossed by lines a quarter
of an inch apart and each line wat num
bered. When a shot was tired its position
on the target fired at was located on the
chart at the point where the perpendicu
lar and horizontal lines crossed, then the
perpendicular and honzontul numbers
were telegraphed and located on a similar
chart in The Call office, after which the
spot was marKed on reduced metal c arts
or targets that were ready to be inserted
in the columns of the paper.
Colonel H. J. Burn-, wbo is now the
ranking officer of the team, has requested
all the living members of the team to
meet him or communicate with him in
regard to the proposed meeting.
CAUTIOUS STEERING.
Republican Senatorial Pilots Discuss the
Problem of Filling Vacancies
in Committees.
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 11.— The
Republican Senatorial steering commit
tee met last evening in Senator Allison's
room, but no action of any kind was
taken. The members received their notices
late r»nd did not arrive until the confer
ence was breaking up.
While no member of the committee was
able to offer a tangible solution to i tie
existing difficulty in connection with the
tilling of vacancies on committees it was
the general impression that no combina
tion having for its objoct the organization
of the Sanate committee* by the silver
vote could be made effective.
Several members of the committee have
pven this question the most painstaking
consideration and i eld numerous confer
ences and have reached the conc.usion
that the differences between the elements
are so great and the demands made »o in
capable of being c)in plied with ihat it
will be otter.'; impossible for the oppo-
NEW TO-DAT
MOTHERS!
1T a. \^_J Jl JL JL -j J^^^_^ q
HERE'S YOUR (MCE
BRIM THE BOYS j^SJS<&B[fe
Just for one day only. . .■■
To-morrow (Saturday) we £6 a^j" X^ B
will place on sale 200 Boys' TT^y d» V J
Ail- Wool Suits, ages 12 to JriX "^
20, made up in all the latest h=^=l t j^\Z?^SE^^ i
colorings, .of  the newest £======// & \^jjjjk
goods ; Cassimeres, Tweeds ? j\o ■■ *] — -\
and Worsteds ; regular $10, ; ?v 7 Q / = — -j
$12 and $13 values — at the \^ "^ lyK^i/ .11
phenomenally low price of \=r^ 1\ ■ /
Every thread of these Ml
suits guaranteed to be pure
wool and every suit kept in
repair one year free 'of ffwi|Ysi Wttzftyt^thWK*?
charge. «-^^ / \y ~//
Don't mistake the name
and number. ■,•••.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
541 Market Street.
:; .v n'-- c tiv Oo^oslte Sans^me. .
ii ion to the Republicans to concentrate
upon any particular olan of action.
For this reason members of the commit
tee state that the siatus quo in the Senate
will be maintained, and that ultimately
the vacancies will be tilled, with the Re
publicans retaining the chairmanship,
although owing to Populist representation
on some of these committees it will not b«
possible for the Republicans to fully con
trol the action oi some.
Another meeting of the steering com
mittee will be held to-morrow. A denial
is made to published statements that
a compromise nas been agre-d to
whereby the Republicans are to retain con
trol an til December, when the regular ses
sion convenes, and thai at thflt time the
contest lor the control of the Senate is to
be waged.
AGED COUPLE ASSAULTED.
Brutally Maim 3d With an Ax at N ght
and Lett for Dead on
the F oo r.
PITTSBURG. Pa., March 11.— A Greens
burg special telegram states that last
night a daring and brutal assault, that
may result in the death of two persons,
was committed about fifteen miles north
of Greensbursr.
Richard Graham and wife, an aged
couple alone on a farm, were the victims
of the assault, which bad robbery for us
object. Graham is reported to be wealthy.
Some time auring the night three masked
men forced an entrance to the houss and
knocked the aged couple senseless with
an ax. After that they ransacked the house
and left. It i? not yet known how much
money they obtained.
Mrs. Graham was partly restored and
may recover. Her husband is yet uncon
scious and in a critical condition. Mr.
Graham is about 65 years old. His wife is
about 55. It is supposed that tramps
committed the assault, although no de
finite clew has been obtained.
JsXGUSH WHITER J>EAIi.
I'rofetsor J)rnmtnnn4 Vet thti Jitle of
One of Bit Boole*.
LONDON, Esq., March 11.— Professor
Henry Drummond, a celebrated writer on
religious subjects, died to-day at Tun
bridgo Wells. While the professor had
not been in the best of health lor some
time, still his death to-day was a irreat
blow to nis friends. Professor Druruniond
had not done any literary work for some
time. One of bis most widely re?d books
was "Tlie Greatest Thing in the World."
The general tendency of his religious
writing was cheerful and elevating, lie
never took a despondent view of life or of
the future existence. Some of his views
caused great discussions. There were
many who agreed with him, while not a
few opposed him. Professor Drummond
was of a very pleasing personality and
had many friends. His books had a wide
circulation in England, and there were
not a few readers on the continent and in
America who admired him.
OIL O.V TROUBLED WATERS.
Atlantic Liner Arrives With a Heavy
Li*t and shifted Cargo.
HALIFAX, N. S.. March 11.— The Do
minion Line steamer Vancouver, . which
was five days overdue, arrived in port this
morning. ..
Tne Vancouver had a very rough ras
saae, heav» head storms being experienced
all the way across. During two days she
made only 155 miles. A slight derange
ment of machinery also delayed the
steamer whije repairs were being effected.
The ship was frequently swept by huge
seas, but no serious damage resulted. The
cargo shifted this morning, and the
steamer had a heavy list when she came
into port. Oil was used at one time to
ca!ra the fury of the sea and it had good
effect.
Antl-Tru*t Jttll't Frogre**.
DENVER, Colo., March 11.— The anti
trust bill passed the Assembly of Coi
orado to-day.
Supreme Court Commissioner.
The Supreme Court in bank yesterday ap
pointed General N. P. Chipman of Red Bluff a
Commissioner of that body to succeed P. Van
Clief, deceased, the appointment to take effect
April 1.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postajjo Fre«j
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.IO
Daily and Sunday Call, erne year, by mail — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dolly and Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mail- .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mai! • 1-60
V aju.y Calx., one year, by mall 1»W
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ....Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
51 Clay Street.
Telephone Matn-1574
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery btree:, corner Clay; open until
8:S0 o'clock.
339 Hay street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arklu street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
intfl 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
u-o Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
tooma si and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOI.TZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
FRIDAY MAJEtCH 12, 1597
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
46 X S inches
of advertisements, which is
224 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
The exposed hypocrite whines for
charity.
"Our bill for convict twine," says the
Examiner, "was only a little one."
The friend of the workingman supports
Lome industries and not home prisons.
The assertion of the Examiner that it
could not cci twine in the open market is
another fake.
Fake new? bound with prison-made
twine constitutes the worst kind of yellow
dog journalism.
"Cheap and nasty" is the motto of the
cur kennel pang. Cheap prison supplies
ana nasty news.
Let us provide for the unemployed free
labor and pood wages. It is only the Ex
aminer which finds a profit in having men
sent to San Quentin.
Great Britain continues to prophe?y
peace, but her action in pettine an army
corps ready for service shows that she is
staking her money on th 3 proposition that
war is coming.
The Examiner pleads that the amount of
convict twir.e it uses is small, but the
smallness of the saving only intensifies
the meanness of the transaction and the
insufficiency of its defen-e.
One by one the public libraries of
ihe country are excluding the yellow
doir journals from their readwig-room«.
The indignation of the people has been
slow i;i taking action, but it is doing the
good v;ork at la^t.
The diplomats of ttie great powers will
find before ihey get through with the
Cretan war that public opinion is after all
the greatest of powers in these days and
will have to be consulted in the settle
ment of the question.
McKiuley evidently understand? the
ways of office-seekers too well to be dis
turbed by them. He offends nobody, but
he yields to nobody, and is showing more
clearly every day that he is eminently the
rieht man in the right place at the right
time.
Whether Long Green Lawrence goes to
jail or not in this instance the Senate has
vindicated itself from his slanders by
boldly challenging the proof and showing
the falseness of the slander. A* lor the
jailing of the rascal, that is something
which is bound to come in due time.
In defense of its use of convict twine the
Examiner said 3 r esterday that it could not
obtain it ''of as good quality anywhere
rise." That is a case of lying in aid of
rascality. The local manufacturers make
as good twine as i« made in Ban Qoentin,
but they cannot sell it so cheaply, and
that is why \Yastefv.l Willie patronizes
the convicts.
Never was a lie more utterly devoid of
even a sembiance of foundation than was
the lie told by the Examiner about the
"thievery in aid of bribery." Having been
given every opportunity to prove the truth
of its words the Examiner could offer
nothing whatever in tlie way of evidence.
It has been forced to resort to impudence
to hide its confusion and, to use its own
choice language, to "darken its retreat
by excreting filth."
In the prevailing harmony of sentiment
for the promotion of. home industry
and the advancement of the welfare of
California, there \u but one discordant
voice among al: the papers of the State —
one common slanderer, one maker of
Btrife, one patron of convict Jabor, one
sneerer »t the products of free Jabor, but
that one fortunately has now be?n ex
posed, its slanders refuted, its Dractices
revealed and its manager confronted witn
a jail.
It was bad enough in the Examiner to
use prison-made goods instead of helping
to build up the industries of free labor,
but when it defended itself from public
indignation yesterday by the lying asser
tion that the product of free labor is not
equal in quality to that made in prisons
it added insult to the original wrong and
sought to discredit the product of our
factories and the work of our people. It
is ihe duty of every good citizen to aid in
refuting the lie and in counteracting its
effects on the trade of our home indus
tries.
Governor Badd'a veto of Assembly bill
273 was lasid on minor features of the
measure and did not affect the general
character of the bill at all. In fact as the
Governor pointed out in his message a
similar bill is now before the Senate, and
he implies that it is free from anything to
which he objects and will therefore
receive his signature if it passes. There is
no need of taking up much time further
on a measure so generally supported, and
the Senate would do well therefore to
accept the new bill and go forward to
other thing*.
A CRIME COMMITTED.
From the evidence which has been gathered concerning the purchase of twine by
the Examiner from San Quentin prison it is evident that the statute of the State has
been violated. The Examiner has been delected not merely in an act of hypocrisy,
but in a criminal effense. The law of the State in relation to the terms under which
prison-made jute goods can be sold 3ays:
Section 3. All orders for jute goods must be accompanied by an affidavit setting forth that
the amount of goods contained in the order are for Individual and personal use of applicant;
said aflidavit to be subscribed and sworn to before some Notary Public or by a Justice of the
Peace residing in the township in which the applicant resides; provided, that any applicant,
as heretofore provided for, who falsely and fraudulently procures jute goods under the pro
visions of this act shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
The orders of the Examiner for twine were not accompanied by the required affi
davits. Warden Hale, in an interview with Thk Call published yesterday, acknowl
edged that the affidavits had not Deen made. The violation of the law is therefore
evident. The Examiner asserted yesterday that its offense was a small thing. It will
be for the iaw courts to decide how small it was, and whether the statutes of the State
can be violated with impunity by persons who wish to use convict-made goods with
out observing the conditions under which the Legislators has provided for their sale.
It may b? a small thing to Willie Hearst and his managers to ignore free labor
and violate the law of California, but the people do not think so. We publish this
morning from all parts of the State dispatch?* showing the indignation of the people
and their condemation of the Examiner's meanness toward free labor. The voice of
the people is for home industry. It is oppose! to the use of prison-made articles
which come into competition with the products of free labor. The judgment of honest
men is also a-ainst violators of law. The crime and the criminal are now exposed,
and it is for the courts and tne people to deal with the offenders as they merit.
SLANDERING FREE LABOR.
The Examiner yesterday made its defense of the use of prison-made goods on two
pleas. The first was that the amount of prison-mp.de goods used in the Examiner and
exposed by The Call is small. The second was that it could not get such articles "of
as good quality anywhere else. " The first of these pleas is clearly an attempt at eva
sion; the second is a direct slander upon the products of free labor and an attempt to
injure the trade of local manufacturers.
The amount of prison- made goods traced to the Examiner by Thk Call can hardly
be regarded as a complete summary of all such goods used in that office. A dragnet
investigation and an examination of the books and telegrams of the Examiner would
probably show a much larger resort to prisons either in this State or in other States
for Examiner supplies. It is, therefore, mere trickery and cunning to attempt to
escape from public indignation by alleging that the amount of the iniquity exposed is
comparatively slight.
The second plea, that the Examiner cannot obtain in the open market twine made
by free labor of as good a quality as that which is obtained in San Quentin, is a direct
falsehood. Twine of a similar character and equally good in every respect is made by
local manufacturers of California and is sold in the open market. It cannot be sold,
however, in competition with the products of prison labor, and, therefore, costs more
than the Examiner pays for the San Quentin article. It is just as good but it is not as
cheap. The Examiner, for some reason, whether of poverty or innate meanness is not
clear, prefers the cheaper article of San Quentin rather than to pay the higher price
for goods made by free labor. For the sake of the difference in cost it supports the
State prison rather than home industry.
Tbe nature of the defense made by the Examiner shows the viciousness of the
managers of that paper toward the industries of Caliiornia. Not content with ignor
ing the work of free labor and using prison-made iroods, it now defends itself by sneer
ine at the products of our home factories. It seeks to spread abroad the belief that
twine produced by free labor i 3 not of a good quality, is not worth the price for which
it sells in the market and is not fitted for u«e.
The defense made by the faKer, it will be seen, is as bad as the original offen-e.
To the injury done to free labor by the use of prison-made good", it now adds the
insult of misrepresentation and slander. Noboay in San Francisco will be deceived
by the statements made by the convicted hypocrite, and we trust that its lies will be
equally harmless elsewhere. The growing; pood of California depends upon building
up home industry, on developing her resource?, on expandine ncr manufacturing
enterprises and on giving work to free men at good wages. If we permit a lying news
paper to injure the repute of the articles produced in California, we will have our
selves largely to blame if our mills are closed, our workingmen unemployed and our
industries languish, while fakers live on prison labor and profit by fakes, subsidies
and blackmail.
HONESTY VINDICATED.
Whether Long Green Lawrence goes to jail in Sacramento to expiate t ho offense
of slandering the State Legislature, or escapes by some technicality of the law, mat
ters little. It is sufficient that he was called before the bar of the Senate, given an
ample opportunity to prove his charpe«, or to show that he had at least some reason
for making them, and failed utterly to do either. He has been publicly exposed as a
liar and common slanderer and the honor and eood repute of the Legislature of Cali
fornia have been vindicated.
[t goe« without saying that Lawrence will mnke every effort his cunning can de
vise to extricatp himself from the position in which he is placed. At the present tise
the law has taken him in its strong arm and holds him before the Stat-«, while the
door of the jail stands open for him. In that position he alternately snarls at the men
who have captured him and whines to the public for sympathy, lie seeks at one
moment to defile the honorable men whom a sense of duty has impelled to grapple
with his foul charge, and at the next he pleads before the public to be regarded as a
"man of honor," who exposes himself to jail rather than betray a confidence.
It is the duty of the legitimate newspapers of California to set before their
readers a clear statement of the case in order that legitimate journalism
may not be made to stoop and be a pander to the vile and foul thing which Long
Green represents in his person and illustrates in his paper. The issue is not one which
involves in any way the liberty of the press. Long Green Lawrence made a slander
ous charge again«t the members of the Legislature He was asked to prove it. He
had no proof. He offered no evidence. Ho bore himself toward the Senate with im
pudence and shameless effrontery. He did not pretend to know anything, but claimed
that if he were permitted to inquire into all the private affairs of the members of the
Legislature he conld find some evidence of guilt.
Take the story as told by Long Green himself. He says he was informed that
bribers had been used in the Legislature. His informant gave liim no facts, nor any
evidence of the charge. He did not investigate it. He obtained no semblance of
proof of it. He published it on the authority of his informant. In what position
does this story place Lawrence? If h« really had an informant he betrayed the confi
dence of that informant by publishing what was told him confidentially. If now
such an informant exists and does not come forward, then he must be a coward as
well as a liar. If he were a man of any decency whatever ha would not permit Law
rence to be sent to jail for the want of vindication.
It is clear that the informant, if he exists, is either a very vile coward indeed or
else he believes that Lawrence by betrayinz the confidence imposed in him justly
merits to be left to his fate. In either ca>e Lawrence has nothing to boast of. If he
published the story without authority then he betrayed a conHdence'and cannot
claim to be acting as a man cf honor. If. on the other hand, lie had authority to
publish the story and did so without gathering any facts or investigating it, he has
clearly made himself responsible for the original lie.
The issue is one with which legitimate journalism has nothing to do beyond
the fact of pointing out the difference between the ethics of professional journalism
and the sensational fakes of common scolds, habitual liars and ssnsational sheets.
The Senate has amply vindicated its own honesty by giving Lawrence the chance to
prove his charges and showing by his own confession that be is a liar. It is now the
duty of the press to vindicate itself by showing that Lawrence does not represent
legitimate journalism and it not acting in accordance with any code o' morals known
to honorable journalists.
THE CUBAN MASS-MEETING.
The executive committee of the commit
tee of fifty-eight appointed by Mayor
Pbelan to co-opernte with similar com
mittees of other ciiies in aid of the Cuban
cause have made arrangements for a mass
meeting to be held on the 20th. This will
give an opportunity to the people of San
Francisco to show how truly they are in
accord with their fellow-citizens in other
parts of the Republic, and it goes without
saying that the meeting will be thronged
and enthusiastic.
The executive committee has wisely ar
ranged to make the meetin? a truly repre
sentative one. They have chosen for the
principal orators of the occasion V, T . S.
Barnes, Samuel M. Shortridge, Colonel
Eddy, Patrick Ready and W. W. Foote.
The weli-known eloquence of these orators
gives assurance that the sentiment and
sympathies of the City will be ably and
forcibly expressed at the meeting, and
every citizen can attend therefore with
the certainty that the voice of San Fran
cisco will be well and worthily uttered.
It is hit:h time that San Francisco
should have a. mass-meeting of this kind.
AH other iarue cities in the Union have
expressed their Bantiments on this great
cause and have organized committees to
co-operate for its advancement. It is a
que ti ;n which affects America in a thou
sand ways. It is not the Cuban patriots
only who are suffering from Spanish des
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
potism in Havana, but American citizens
as well. The stories of insul;s to our citi
zens residing in that city and of outrages
committed on many of them have been
frequently told and are w*ll known. It
would be something less than manly in us
to tamely submit to the wrongs don«s to
our fellow-countrymen, nnd we owe it to
our own self-respect and National pride to
protest against such offenses.
The date fixed for the meeting gives
ample opportunity for all arrangements
to be made for its success. From this
time until It takes place the subject should
occupy a large part of the attention of the
people. It is not an issue which can be
ignored. It affects our National welfare
as well as our sympathies with the Cuban
patriots. In every sense of the phrase it
is an American cause and rightly de
mands the support of every American
heart and the help of every American
hand.
THE GOVEBNOR'S VETO.
Governor Budd's veto of Assembly bill
273 was accompanied by a statement
which shows that he objects only to
certain minor features not essential to
the proposed measure. The main object
of the biil is to relieve a litigant from the
necessity of having his case tried by a
Judge who is biased or prejudiced against
Dim. The Governor expressly states that
a proper bill designed, for that object "is
desirable and praiseworthy."
As a further evidence of his approval
of the general principles of the meas
ure the Governor acided in his mes
sage that be bad conferred With the intro
ducer of the bill and other members of
the Legislature and they had concluded
that a new bill could be passed which
would be free from the objections to
which bill 273 was. open. Such a bill has,
in fact, been paused by the Assembly and
is now before the Senate.
As the new measure known as As
sembly bill 977 is not radically different
from tha old, and as it provides suffi- i
ciently for the object desired, it is cleany
advisable for the Senate to follow the lead
of the Assembly in adopting it rather
than to pass the original biil over the Gov
ernor's veto. There is no use in prolong
ing the session in controversies over minor
matters. There may be differences of
■ opinion as to the construction placed by
the Governor on the terms of bill 273, but
these are not worth lighting over. What
the peopie demand in a law which wiJl
give a litigant protection from a prejudiced
Judge. Tiie new bill satisfies that de
mand and should be enacted without fur
ther controversy.
PERSONAL.
K. Barn sly of England is at the Palace.
John Ballard ot Claremont is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. D. K. Feeney of Chicago are at
the Palace.
John Marshall Brown of Portland, Me., is at
the Palace.
G. McM. Ross, a mining man of Copperopolis,
is in the City.
R. Park yon Wedelstaedt or St. Louis arrived
here yesterday. • j
L. Sullivan of Washington, D. C, is one of
the late arrivals.
F. H. Mitchell of Fresno is staying at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
D. M. Inman and Mrs. Inman of Vermillion,
S. D., are in the City.
Gay Lombard, a well-to-Jo mining man of
Mexico, is at the Palace.
F. 11. Durham, a loading attorney of Port
land, is at the Occidental.
J. 11. CunarJ, a mining man of North Bloom
field, is a late arrival here.
N. B. Messier, a business and mining man of
Tucson, Ariz., i.s at the Russ.
J. R. Warren Jr. of Salt Lake is in the City,
accompanied by his daughter.
Thomas Adam of Santa Maria is here on a
business trip and is at the Russ.
Thomas B. Wilcox, a well-known capitalist of
Portland, arrived here yesterday.
E. B. Boynton and Mrs. Boynton of Eist
Orange, N. J., arrived here yesterday.
John Henderson, s> business man of Fort
Jones, is among the late arrivals here.
11. Hartwell, a prominent business :nan of
Stockton, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. S. Ward, a commercial traveler of San
Jose, is registered alt the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
The Rev. and Mrs. Us borne of Toronto ar
rived here last night and are at the Occidental.
Senator 11. J. Pedlar of Fresno, who was for
merly Mayor of that city, is here from Sacra
mento.
Mrs. T. H. Talmage, two children and maids,
and Miss Ketchuin of New York, are at the
Palace.
Matthew Gage, owner and builder of the
Gage canal system at and near Riverside, is on
a Visit here.
Ex-Sheriff D. H. Arnold of Coluia, who is in
terested in banking and other things there, is
at the Occidental.
J. E. Hostetter and Miss Leila Hostetter of
Jtneville, Cal., have taken apartments at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
George H. Ballon, a merchant of San Diego,
and brother of S. D. Baliou, Sheriff of San Luis
Obispo County, is at the Grand.
Thomns Kearns, one of the leading mining
superintendents of Park City, Utah, was
among yesterday's arrivals at, the Lick.
T. L. Reed, founder of the town of Reedlty,
and one of the most extensive grain-growers
in that part of the country, is among the ar
rivals here.
E. B. Edson, proprietor of a hotei and exten
sive store at Gazelle, is in the City. He is one
of the wealthiest men in a large area of coun
try of which Gazelle is the center.
Edgar Mizner last iiiglit set out On a novel
expedition. It was to the wilds of the Yukon,
and as special representative of the Alaska
Commercial Company, to look after its min
ing iuterests. Mr. Mizner took fifteen men
with him. He expects to be gone a year.
Major Winchell of the Salvation Army went
yesterday to examine a tract of land near
Guerneville, Sonoma County, on which It Is
proposed to establish a colony of the City's
unomployed. It is expected seventy-five men
will be chopping on the tract in a fewyiays.
Captain Murray Taylor, manager of the
Hearst ranch, San Luis Obispo County, who
has been very ill for some time at the Occi
dental Hotel with mountain fever contracted
in Mexico, has recovered nearly niß usual
health. He left yesterday for San Luis Obispo.
J. Maurice Duke, the widely known banker
and leading financier of Salvador, arrived here
yesterdiiy, Accompanied by Mrs. M. Duke and
Miss Britten. Mr. Duke is very wealthy and
spends a good deal of his time in New York
and Paris. Ho is on his way home from the
East.
E. B. White, a well-known prospector, who
headed a party of miners on a trip inio the
Pauamint disir.ct, near Death Valle.", has re
turned here because of the deep miow in the
district and will wait till it disappears. He
says there are already many prospectors In
the PHnamiut country, drawn there partly by
the Rnnd.sburg excitement.
Colonel W. B. Hooper of the Occidental
Hotel, who has been confined most of the time
to his rooms since his return from Southern
California several months ago, is again able
to be on the street, at least for a short time.
He is expected to be strong enough to resume
his duties shortly. Overwork, superinducing
nervousness, was ths primary cause ol his ill
mn
CALIFORNIANS JN HEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— At the Bt.
Cloud. J. 8. Wllkina; Bartholdl, F. Marriott;
New York, W. D. Roatt; Marlborough, H. K.
Alexander, Mrs. 8. O. Alexander.
NEWSPaPEk
He (furiously)— lt's an outrage for tnat paper
to publish such statements about me.
She (weeping)— Ana such a picture of you!
Oil, Heury 1 Such a picture of you I— Puck.
She (coming up suddenly)— Where did that
wave go?
He (coughing and strangling)— l iwallowed
it.— Dublin World.
A Hiphland drover sold a horse to an Eng
lishman. A few days after the buyer returned
him. "You said that horse had no faults," he
complained.
"Weel, no mair had he."
"He's nearly blind," said the indignant Eng
lishman.
"Mot;, that's no' his fault— it's his misfor
tune."—Tit-Bits.
"I will be remembered," said the poet,
"when you are forgotten."
"Very likely," said the plutocrat. "1 always
pay cash."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Effete Notions of the East: Arizona Al—
Wai, what do you think of that? Here's Jim
goin' an' getiin' married!
Chloride Charley— Wai, that's the way of the
world!
Arizona Al— Right enough ; but look at this,
"No cards." That's what comes of marryin 1
inter a pious family.— Puck.
Johnny— What is civilized warfare, papa?
Papa— Well, Johnny, a great many people
think there isn't any such thing.— New York
Tribune.
HIS EPiTA.iI.
Chicago Dispatch.
Of Grover Cleveland it may be said that he
was first (to hire a substitute) in war, thrifty
in pence and last in the hearts of his coun
trymen.
CONFESSION FOLLOWS CONVICTION.
&MKs{xmdz& March 2, 1897.
WARDEN HALE,
rl t\S\ UEjVi XIAJuEj y
San Quentin Prison--
Dear Sir:
Kindly fill the enclosed order at
your earliest convenience and oblige
Yours truly,
* (Enclosure) W. R. HEARST.
Editorial in Examiner [March 1 1 .
The Examiner has paid the State of California $369 38 in a year
and a half for a few bundles of prison-made twine of a particular size,
which it could not get of as good quality anywhere else. The Examiner
can afford to spend $25 month where it pleases for a few balls of twine
without subjecting itself to any misunderstanding with intelligent work
ingmen.
HERE'S A DASH FROM THE ROLLING BLUE.
Old ocean, in her many moods, is never so faithfully painted nowadays nor the life story or
those who go down to the sea in ships more truly related than by that inimitable teller of sea
tales, Clark Russell, known to fame as the author of the ''Wreck of the Grosvenor" and other
welcome as oi yore to the weary wight whose slumbers they invade.
The "Yo-heave-ho!" 01 the stout hearts around me capstan, as at eventide they drop
anchor in the rondi, thinking of sweethearts and wives soon to be clasped rapturously to manly
breasts, or as they weigh anchor in »he gray
dawn, outward bound, in the teeth of half a
gale, is not less bravely and cheerily intoned
than by the hearts of oak of old.
You will nave the pleasure of reading the
opening chapters of the latest of Clark Rus
sell's romances in The Sunday Call.
It is entitled "Tne Last Entry."
You should not fall to read it.
It will be a rare treat.
All the other depwrtments next Sunday will
be up to the usual high standard.
The book page will guide you unerringly in
matters appertaining to current literature.
The fasniou page will post you on the latest
styles irom Paris, London and Xew York, and
inform you as to what the great dames ap
prove and wear, in color, style and texture.
The children's pase will contain a wealth
of good things to delight the hearts of the
little tots.
To the many who aro directly or indirectly
interested in mines and mining The Sunday
Call will be of inestimable value, containing
the most reliable mining news of the coast.
and much of personal interest to those who by their investments or the work of their hands
expert to reap a golden harvest.
One of the particularly fine features of The Sunday Call will be a series of anecdotes of
Abraham Lincoln, hitherto unpublished, and now piven to ihe world for the first time through
the columns of California's favorite newspaper. The Sunday Call.
The writer of the Lincoln stories Is an old Californian who lived near the Lincoln home in
Illinois tefore the ?reat Civil War.
Everything new and true about the martyr President is valuable, and these anecdotes will
be prized by the rending public.
They will appear in The Sunday Call.
Send ill your orders early.
THE NEW REG STERED MAIL LAW.
Ntw York Sun.
With Mr. Cleveland's signature, which was
B filled durine the present week, the bill pro
viding a limited indemnity for the los? of reg
istered letters has become a law.
That this legislation is wi«e there can be no
doubt. Strictly speaking, it is not experimen
tal, since the system is in successful operation
in other countries, and there is no reason why
it should not be equally successful here. As
to its justice there can also hardly be two
opinions. Registry U resorted to sololy as a
means of additional security tor the letter or
package. The registration fee is paid us a sort
of Insurance; but if the Government fails to
give that extra security, and perhaps furnishes
even less safety than the ordinary mail wovild
have supplied, the loser seems fairly entitled
to some indemnity. The express companies
do their business on a recognition of this prin
ciple, and find their profit In it.
\Ve i;>i>e 11 1 tie doubt that, apart from the
question of equity Involved, the Government
will in like miinner find the new l--w profita
ble from a business point of view. The msxi
raum of indemnity on any single registry is
fixed at $10 and presumably the regulntions
of the Post, ffiee will be so drawn as to prevent
the payment of that maximum, if possible,
where it is uoi due. The registered mail is
now known to be one of the most profitable
p«rts of the service, yielding remarkably large
net returns in proportion to the business done,
when; o:her parts are conducted either at a.
slight profit or at a decided loss. Again, the
cases in wnich registered mail pnekages arc
lost and not recovered form only a minute
fraction of the whole. It in calculated that,
even on the present basis of the registered
mail service, indemnities could be paid, witn
a great surplus of earnings.
But there is every reason for supposing that
the registered-mail business will increase us a
direct consequence of mis new law. The Gov
ernment will, perhaps, be expected to take ad
ditional precautions now that losses in tne
registered mail will be expensive for it. Be
sides the insurance, up to $10, obtainable for
a veiy small extra lee, may auraci some who
have not used the registered mail at all, be
cause it gave no such insurance. It would
not be surprising to fiud the growth in the
registered-mail business enough to pay for fc.ll,
M a great part, of the indemnities exacted.
AN AQUARIAN ROMANCE.
A sea l ass sung in his own deep voice
la the new aquarium :
"Oh, ljidy Lobster of my choice!
To thee a song I hum—
A song I sing of long ago.
Ere we became, alas!
A part Of a ank drama show .
On ihf damp side of t lie glass.
"Dost remember, love, bow I sough thy hand,
Or, ratlur, thy an tan rise.
As we wan lered aboiu the ocean's sand
In those tunt'.i so fur away?
Dost recall the dear old cora. giove,
Sodartc and coil »n i wet. .'
When , claw in flu, we were wont to rove
..- Wlih never a though: of a net?
"Ah, lady, wert thou hut my summer girl
In those di ar days in the sea!
And can it be that the city's whirl
Jlrs turned ihv love from me? :
Of the city's swains, dear one, beware!
For their heana are fluid n ith guile:
Though they say fi«-y love thee, lady fair,
'Twill ua but in the Newbing styl»."
y —.New Orleans Tiiues-D^mocraU
PARAGRAPH . AIOUI PEOPLE
Susan B. Anthony began to make spee;hcs
(or abolition as early as 1853.
Mr. Gladstone is now as hard at wor!; on his
"Olympian Religions" as if the destiny of em
pires deDended on it.
Rudyard Kipling, says some one who is
supposed to know, when visiting mends
spends roost of bis lime in the nursery dv his
hinds and knees.
J. Pierpont Mortran has purchased for $1000
the Boston terrier. His Nibs, which won first
prize in the open class for heavy-weight dogs
in the Westminster show.
The Missouri Senate has passed a bill appro
priating $1800 for the purpose of erecting a
monument nt the crave of Daniel Bnone and
wife, who are buried in Warren County, Mis
souri.
Hou. Wilfrid Laurit>r, Premier of Canada,
has consented to attend the banquet which is
to be Riven by the London Chamber of Com
merce to the Colonial Prime Ministers oil the
occasion of the Queen's diamond juDllee in
June.
stories- Clark Russell ranks as the greatest I
writer of sea tales ot the time. He brings to
bear an intimate knowledge of the seadog anl
all phases of life on board ship, com Dine t with
the rare gift of vivid language and coloring.
The youthful days of Clark Russell were
spent upon the ocean; he was a midshipman
in the merchnnt service, and it is his boyhood
experiences that have given the touch of
realism to all his talcs and have helped to
elevate hiß genius into the realm ot the liter
ary kings.
He writesof gen nine skippers, whose general
get-up is certainly opposed to tne old lands
man notion of what a master mariner ought
to resemble, as exploited by writers of another
generation. His tales teem with glorious ad
venture, daring and heroism.
"The sweet little cherub still sits up aloft,"
the "bloody sun at noon" has not abated a
sinerle ray. and the boatswain's nine is as
MANNERS OF REPUBLICAN PRESI
! ENTS
Chicago RecorJ.
Chauncey M. Dcpew says that he has had
personal experience in seeking office, not for
himself, but for others, from every Republican
President.
Mr. Lincoln would always listen attentively
to what he had to say and then tell a funny
story. On his way to his hotel he would think
over the story and finally see that it landed
bis candidate away oui of sight.
General Grant, always received an applica
tion for office as tousts to the memory of
Washington are drunk: standing and in
silence.
Haves listened for a while, then broke out
int.. lamentations that the attention of the
Prosident of the United Staffs should be di
verted from the great nffairs of stßte to dis
tribute patronage. Then he would nice a
memorandum in a little red book, which was
to remind him not to do it.
General Garfield would put his arms around
your neck, tell yon how much he loved you
and then forget what you had atked of him.
President Arthur would lisien with polite
attention to all you had to s-ay, and then reier
you to some man* in New York whom you were
never ebie to find.
President Harrison would sink down into
a chair until you had presented the claims
of your candidate, and then change the sub
ject.
Major McKinley's methods have not been
developed.
SOME NE LAWS
Only six membeis of the Arkansas Senate
votea in favor of a 2 teats per mile passenger
railroad fare bill.
A proposition to vole a straight ticket with
a single X has the approval of a committee of
the New Hampshire Legislature.
The Alabama Legislature has authorized
the Governor 10 fund the bonded debt of the
State with an issue of fifty-year bonds.
The Idnho House has passed a bill permitting
negroes and women to practice law. The Sen
ate rejected a bill to impose a poll tax.
In the South Carolina Senate a bill to permit
the runni >g of trains on Sunday with perish
able fretKht during certain months of the year
was rejected.
Traii.-wreeking has been made a capital of
fense by the Alabama Legislature. This action
was suggested by the recent throwing of a
trnin from a bridge at C.thaoa.
The Nebraska Senate has passed a bill pro
viding ior the greater gaiety of depositors in
State banks by assessing a tax of one-half of
1 per cent on all deposits, to be used as a sink
ing fund in cisc of failure.
Only one vote was r-ast against a voluntary
labor arbitiation bill in the Indiana House. It
provides for two commissioners to act in con
junction with the Clrcuii Judge of the county
where the troube exists. «"""wj
In the Oklahoma Senate a bill to prohibit
the employment 01 or contracting with rela
tives by public officials was defeated, every
Populist and three Democrats voting against
it. An antl-pa^s bill was adopted. "s alubl
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS
Germany's PoPTTLATiox-Subscriber, Gualala,
S'mfff.aag&gg- The P°P^atlon of
Jack Dkmpsey-P., City. Jack Derapsey, the
?S#! IS Vi di f; 1 i n . Portland ' Or., November 1,
loito. He died of consumption.
i Back Dates-A. T.. Alameda, J. T. 8., City.
Th C nS!i£f ¥ arcb ' 1845 ' fell on * Saturday.
The loth of August, last year, fell on Saturday.
SHELLS— N. H., Oakland, Cal. There are sev
eral places in San Francisco where abalone
shells are bought and sold, but this depart
ment cannot advertise them.
A Dime of 1850— R. 8, Milpltas/santa Clara
County, Cal. A dime of me year 1850 is
worth only its face value. Dealers in coins
do not offer a premium on dimes coined after
1846. i .
Port Towxsend Papebs-A. 8., City. The
papers that were published in Port Townseud,
Wash., in 1891 were the Call, Key City Graphic,
Leader and Telegram, as appears from one of
the newspaper directories.
Beet Subscriber, Gualala, Mendocino
County, Cm. The United States imports su
gar. The figures of the Bureau of Navigation
and Commerce do not show the amount of
beet sugar imported from Germany. t
Architect— J. T. a; City. If you wish to be
come an architect you certainly must serve
an apprenticeship. If you will call on any
architect in this Lily you will te able to ob
tain all tno information you desire on the sub
ject as to lengtn of time, terms and other mat
ters on tho subject.
The.Electoral . Vote— L. .A. D., City. The
electors meet in their respective States and
vote for President and Vice-President. The
result, is signed, certified and transmitted,
sealed, to the seat of Government at Wash
ington, directed to the President of the Sen
»te. These certificates are opened by the
President of the Senate in the presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives; the
vote is then counted and the result an
nounced. This is done under the provisions
of article XII, amendments to the constitution
of the United States.
Area of Countries— E. R. t Oakland, Cal.
According to American figures the area of the
following-named countries is; United States,
3.602,990 square milts; Brazil, 3,219.000;
Canada, 3,456,690, including British Colum
bia (British Columbia, 383,300); Russian em
pire, including Russia iv Etiroje and Russia
in Asia, 8,644.100. English figures are:
United Srates. 2 939,000 square miles; Brazil,
3,209,878; Canada, including British Colum
bia, 3,315,647 (British Columbia, 382,300;;
Russian ••nip'r.'. 9,470,282— Ru55ia lv Europe,
2,905,504; Russia in Asia, 6,564,778.
A Weapon— C. W., Berkeley, Cal. There Is
no State law that prohibits the carrying of
concealed weapons, but there is a law which
prohibits the carrying of a weapon or weapons
with intent to assault another. Some Judges
have held in cities where, the carrying of a
concealed deadly weapon is declared to be an
offVns-' that an unloaded revolver is a weapon
within the meaning of the law. They have
held that a revolver is a deadly weapon, irre
spective of the fact that it is not loaded.
Others have heli that an unloaded revolver is
no more than so much steel, and being un
loaded is not a deadly weapon.
, The National Guard-W. H. O. ,City. The
majority of the companies of the First Regi
ment, Second Brigade, N. G. C, formerly lo
cated in the armory corner Tenth and Market
streets, are now located in the armory at 25
Page street. The companies that assemble in
that armory are B. I, E, H, A, L, D and M.
Companies C, G, Fand X assemble in the Na
tionals' armory, 815 Ellis street. The com
pany drills are held as follows: Monday, B,C,
8,1; Tuesday, F, X: Wednesday, E, H; Thurs
day, A, L; Friday, D, M. Companies D, E. A
and I compose the First Battalion ; M, L. H and
H the Second, and X, C, F and G the Third.
Military Drafts— P. C, East Oakland, Cal.
Draft i ethods were twice employed by the
United States and twice by the Southern Con-*
Tederacy for raising ana increasing the armies.
The first measure was introduced in Congress
in 1814. The second was by an act of May::,
1863, which had no reference to the miiitl«,
But, called every able-bodied citizen of mili
tary age into the Federal service. A commuta
tion oi $300 for exemption whs permitted ami
persons relating obedience were treated as de
serter?. The unpopularity of the conscription
caused the "Draft Riots" in New York City,
July 13-16. 1863. On April 10, 1862, and July
18. 1863, the Confederate Congress passed con
scription laws levying on all persons between
the ages of 18 and 45.
Printers' Rollers— F. 8., City. There are
different methods of making printers' rollers*.
Some are made by using an equal quantity of
good glue and concentrated glycerine, the
glue being softened by soaking in cold water,
after which it is melted over a warm water
bath, the glycerine being added gradually.
Tne heat is continued until the excess of water
is driven off. During the process the mass is
continually stirred. It is then cast in bronzj
or brass molds that have been well oiled. An
other method is to make a mixture of 10'
pounds of the best glue, liV£ gallons of black
molasses or honey, 1 pounu of purified India
rubier dissolved in turpentine, 2 ounces o(
Venice turpentine, 12 ounces of glycerine and
and 4 ounces of vinegar.
Ballads of a Nation— B., City. The expres
sion, "Let me make the ballads and 1 care not
who makes the laws of the natio.i," has often
been credited to Andrew Fletcher of Saltoun,
a Scottish patriot and politician, who was
born in 1053 and died in 1716. In a letter to
the Marquis of Montrose written in 17011
Fletcher wrote: "I knew a very wise man wrm
believed that if a man were permitted to make
Blithe ballads he need not care who shi.uld
make the laws." The author of the expres
sion is not known, but as Fletcher in ihu let
ter quoted says, "I knew a very .wise man."
it is presumed he referred to John Selden, an
illustrious English scholar and lawyer, says: a
reviewer of the life t/f Fetcher, but thai can
not b.- so, for the ren.«on that Selden died the
year after Fletcher was born, consequently *ie
could not have known him' as "a very wis«
man." ' '
Fpeciai. information daily to manufactitrs:*.
business houses and public men by the frail
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery.'
_■:,,•••;■_ _ • — 0 — • — ■ . •'.
' Genuine eyeglasses, spec*, 150 to 40c, Sun
days. 740 Market St., Kost : shoe-store; week
days, 35 Fourth st. ; iasl chance for 12 weeks.* -
» ♦ »
Husband's Calcined Magnesia— Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smsller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with regis
tered trade-mark labeL . • j*.
■• — •
Emi'e Erckmann, the noted collaborator
with Chatrlan in many novels and plays, is
not dead, as is generally supposed, but is
living in retirement in the village of Lune
ville, near his native place. His sixty-fifth
birthday was celebrated recently by the
municipality. He is said to have a volume in
press on a psychological subject.
"The Overland Limited."
Commencing Sm:day, March 7. the Fnion Pa
clric will carry both first and set on J class passen
gers on the "Overlaid Limited," leaving Pan
Francisco every day in the week at B p. m., through
to Chicago without chiinßP, and all Eastern cities
via Niagara Falls. Pltt9bur?. W.-nhinßton aud
Philadelphia, in twelve hours quicker time than
any other lino from California. Tickets and
sleeper reservations »{ 1 Montgomery street. D
W. HI'ICU COCK, General Agent.
"Mrs. "WiimloWs hootUing Syrup"
Has been used over fitly years by millions of
mothers for their children whl:e Teething with per
fect success, it Eoo:hes the child, softens :he gams.
allnys Pain, • urea Wli.d Colic, regulates -he Bow-I»
and is the best remedy for JMarrloeM, whet Her aris
ing Irom tec. lung or other causes, tor sale by dm?
gists In every pan of the world. Bs sure and as* .
IST Mr*. \\ ilia ow'.i .'-out.' ln>* Syrup, Hue a boiila.
« ♦ »
f«iiio!t*ro.- Atmosphere is perfectly dry. son
end mild. being entirely free from the mi.vi com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board a: ib« note: J»l
toronado, $ 65: longer stay »2 50 per day. App./
4 Sew Moutgomery »:.. -«n Krnncisea
• — ♦ — • —
An effective cure for corns that Rives comfort
to the feet is Hindkrcorxs. 15 cents.
Parker's Hair Balsam will save your hair.
* « » —
Any one troubled at rtf^m wlta a perslsten;
cough can procure much-needed res- by taking a
dose of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
•- — # — •
A country minister, talking to an old lady
about his son who had emigrated, was very
pathetic over the dangers of the deep.
"Hoot, minister," quoth Janet, "ye needna
haver sac muckle aboot it. It'll nae be sao
aw in* deep; it's been an unco' dry year."—
London Tit-Bits.
NEW TO-DAY.
You may get over that
slight cold all right, but it
has left its mark on the mem-
branes lining throat.
You are liable to takeanother
cold and the second one will
.hang on longer than the first.
Scott's Emulsion is not an
ordinary cough specific, but
it is "the ounce of preven-
tion." It builds up the
system, checks inflammation
and heals inflamed mem-
branes. " Slight " colds never
bring serious results when it
is promptly taken.
Book on the subject free.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.yRIUAY....'. MARCH 12. 1897
•" . AMUSEMENTS.
■ l\\i..r>wi>r Theater —"Shore Acres."
ih;«ma 1 heater. — " Trovatore."
Cow;mjjia Theater— ■ Ruy Bias" and "A Man
-of the V or (1 '
Mokosco s Opera-Hocse— ' The Blaci Detec-
tive.
AicAZAR Theater - Jim, the Penman.*
• Tivoli Opeka House- Pinafore."
Or.rHKrM.-lilgh-Clp.sß Vaudeville.
■Y. M. C. -A. a itditorium. corner Mason and Ellis
6tree;s— Knti-riainraenU
. I'r.KKtjN.— Concert.
j Set to Baths— Bathing and rerformances.
' 1 UK CHUTES AND SKATING II INK— Daily at
1! sight street, one block east of the P»r<.
< .kla.m. Rack T rack.— Races to-day.
*-- ! . •." AUCTION tALI-.S.
By Cha's. Levy & Co— This day, March 12,
Furniture, at 1135 Market street, at 10 o cloefc.
By J. V. Mi thk.r— day. March 12, Grocer-
ies, at 90.1 To it street, at 11 o'clock.
. By L. H. IH-rd.— This day, March 12, Tools and
Etatiouery, at 3 3 Sixth street, at li o'clock.
By iscifiAKA Auction Co.— day. March
1-. Furniture, at 1057 Market si., mil o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
, A lively fight took place on the ferry steamer
Tibß.roa.on Wednesday last.
* The Ladies' Auxiliary of the Cuban League
now contains twenty-two members.
The SlcKenzie Musical Society cave a de
lightful concert last night at Native Sons' HalL
Coda, Gypceiver, Herinanita, Perseus, Sim
" mi ns and J£ita II won races at Emeryville yes- i
terday.
The Chorus to sing at the Mechanics' Pavil
ion on the evening of St. Patrick's day num
ber 500 voices.
- James F. Smith, Judge Advocate of the divis
■ ion staff, was elected colonel of the First .Regi
ment last night.
W. W. Stetson, secretary of the Virginia and
Gold Hi Water Company, died yesterday af
ter a Ion:; illness.
United. States District Judge Morrow has
denied Murderer Butler's application lor a
writ oi-habens corpus.
. There is prospect of a disagreement in the
Produce Exchange over proposed amend
inonts to the constitution.
Fair weather to-day, with increasing cloudi
ness • and strong northwesterly wind, says
Alexander McAdie, local forecast official.
In the case's against grocers for selling
adulterated food, demurrers were filed in
Judge Campbell's court yesterday afternoon.
The amateur 14-inch balk-line billiard |
•tournament opened last night at the Occiden
tal Hotel, Mitchell and Burns each winning a
"game.
• Important changes were made in the time
. table of the coast division of the Southern
Pacific yesterday, the changes to take place |
Sunday.,
The will of the late Police Sergeant Fitzgib- j
bon has been filed for probate. The greater
portion of his $30,000 estate is to go to his
daughters. •
The .Press Club contemplates removing to
luxurious quarters in the building to be
erected bf C. J. Behlowon Geary street, facing
Union square.
Collector of the Port Wise has officially
notified the United States District Attorney of
the recent big seizure of opium by the special
treasury agents.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday after
noon dismissed from the department J. Jones,
stoker of chemical engine 7, for visiting a
saloon while on duty.
Mayor Phelan, Admiral Kirkland. Hush
Craig and Henry Scott drove the first rivet in
to the new battle-ship Wisconsin yesterday at
the Union Iron Works.
Judge W. W. Morrow delivered an instruc
tive lecture at Metropolitan Hall lust night on
"The Federal Government," illustrated by
fine stereopticon views.
- Mrs. H. Xeilson, a Russian-Finn woman who
came to this City on Tuesday, wandered away
from her hotel on Wednesday and has not j
be- n able to find it again.
An investigation by the police into the
death ol William Hennessy in tne St. David
Hou«e, Howard sireei, early Wednesday morn
ing has led to. the suspicion that he was mur
dered. '•*-■•> '
■ Ii 1 J'jdjr? Slack's court yesterday Mrs. K. M.
Ftewa'rt explained her power of "clairvoyance
and incidentally told how she happened" to be
a legatee lor $800 under the will of B. 1).
Uriggs, deceased.
An educational meeting in the interest of
child study in the home for the purpose of es
tablishing a closer relation between the work
of the home «nd the general cduca'ional
movement will be held at Native Sons'build
ing this af ernoon at 3 o'clock.
The extension of Montgomery avenue from
Bay to Bescu street means the tilling in of the
little mud'iy cove at the foot of Jones street,
and the extension of the seawall irom Taylor
to Jones street. This will add much valuable
property to the northern section of the City.
■. William Pearson, a youth supposed to be
suffering from chickenpox, was removed to
the Twenty-sixth-street hospital a few days
ago. The physicians in attendance fearing
that he was really a victim of smallpox,
caused liirri to be taken to the smallpox hos
pital yesterday.
The-unemployed, with no meat and very lit
tle else in their larder, held a big mass-meet
ing until late last night and discussed whether
or not they should protest against receiving
only $1 a day for boulevard work, but they
finally adjourned without taking any action
other than leaving to their executive commit
tee the tasK of drawing up articles of incorpor
ation, so J.het if found acivisacie there may be
established a permanent home in this City for
, the unemployed. .
Kennel Club Show Prizes.
The- San Francisco Kennel Club met last
night at the Occidenta Hotel. It was de
cided that prizes of $10, $5 and $3 should
be offered for each of the following elates:
Bt. Bernards, Eugli>h setters, Irish setters,
collies, heavy-weicht pointers, light-weight
pointer?, Cocker spaniels, fox terriers and
greyhounds. Jn other classes priz^ are to be
$5, S£3 and diploma for first, second and third
places.
A letter of regret was rend from Hermann
O-'lrichs, who had to be present at a dinner
g.ven in hi* honor by Mayor Phelan.
James Mortimer was appointed delegate to
the American Kennel Club. He is now in Now
York, where the meetings are neld.
The bench show committee was increased
by the audition of W. S. Kittle, F. \V. d'Evelvn
and S. F. Hughes.
rha following eight new members were
e'ected into the San Francisco Kennel Club:
X E. de B. Lopez, WU.iam C. Brown, J. M.
}iurgess, C. F. Mui.ins, J. G. Edwards, Fred H.
Beaver and George H. Lent. The club will
meet again next-Tuursday evening.
Wants the Land.
The suit of Samuel M. Cowle against Timo
thy Craig, an ejectment suit in which the
plaintiff seeks to «am possession of valuab c
lands in the southern part of the Slate, was
begun in the United States District Court yes
terday.
SEW 10-DAT.
FOR
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
-with Cuticuba Soap, and a single application
of Cuticura (ointment), the great skin cure.
CtniOOBA Hemediks afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
ficurins.humiliating.itching.bnrning.bleed.
injr. crusted, scaly Bkin and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails.
SolrtthrOUe&OUttiM. world. POTT«BD«OOA»»CnilI.
<^-JJSj^gs. l «KT*twrf nu D1 c., free.
r, 1/ IA! nfifl! n wd IFair B'Bntifled by
SKIN Air CUTICURA SOAP.
: ;
"ft 15 REfiD I B2ol£aODe ' kidney, and uter-
Uia IlLftti I me pains, strains, muscular
weakness, relieved quick as
|| DSPW lan electric flash by Collins'
111 I DHUAi Voltaic Electric Fluster*
COASTERS CAUGHT
IN THE NORTHER
Two of Them Had to Put
Back to Port in
Distress.
Sails Were B'.owj Away and
the Schooners Were Other
wise Damaged.
Far wjII Dinner Tendered to Captain
McAllister of the British Slip
Langdale.
It was blowing half a gale outside yes- ■
terday and in consequence several coast- j
ers had to put back to port in distress. At
Point Reyes it was blowing thirty-nine
miles an hour at noon, and at 4 p. m. the
wind gauge at Point Lobos registered
thirty-two miles. In the meantime the
schooner Annie Gee had run back into
port minus a mainsail, and the Christina
Steffens kent her company minus a flying
jib. Both vessels came to an anchor eff
Meiggs wharf and after repairing dam
ages will go to sea again as soon as the
northwester is over. The captains of the
Gee ami Steffena say thai never have they
seen fiercer squalls on the coast. The
schooners were almost continuously un
der water and the wonder is that any of
the sails managed to hold.
The ierry-stenmer T.buron has forsaken
the Tiburon route and wiil probably not
go into commission again before the Ist |
of next month. In the meantime the
j Ukiah has taken her place, and in conse
quence is kept going night and day. The
Tiburon is being put in thorough repair
lor the summer. New carpets have been
laid in the cabin*, the engines have been
I ovei hauled and new boilers put in, three
coats of paint have been put on the hull
and the cabins have oeer. repainted
throughout. When the Tiburon is once
mure placed in c>nimission she will prac
] tically be a new boat.
Captain H. It. Wuite of the Tibnron, is
j sick. He is suffering from a very severe
j cold atid lor the last ten days he has been
I in constant attendance upon his wife, who
I is suffering from typhoid pneumonia. Mrs.
i \Vhite's condition has slightly improved
i and tnecaDtain was again able to ba on
duty yesterday.
The old Centennial is to make another
voyage. Last year when she belonged to
the Alaska Improvement Company she
was tinea out for a cruise to the canneries,
but when the insurance companies a. K k.-ii
! 30 per cent on her the owners tied her up
again in the Oakland Creek and chartered
a steamer to take her place. The Alaska
Packers' Association bought out the other
company and a few days ago decided to
pull the Centennial out of the mud and
put her in commission again. Her hull
is sound, and as new yards and running
rigging are being put on the masts, she
will be almost as good as new on sailing
day. She is now taking in coal for tha
canneries at Howard-street wharf.
The bark Harvester, which also changed
j hands when the Alaska Improvement
Company transferred its interests to the I
Alaska i'acKers' Association, has been re- j
told to Joseph Hume and will start fitting j
out lor the Karluk canneries in a few i
days.
Captain Hogan, the well-known master i
of the Bohemia, has taken command of j
the Wachusett. Tl;e latter vessel will go j
on tbJe drydock for an overhauling and
will then go to Puget Sound to load
lumber for Sydney, N. S. W.
Captain McAllister of the ship Lang
dale was banqueted at Bergez's restaurant
last night. He is one of the mos 1 popu
lar skippers that comes to San Francisco,
hnd his friends decided that lie should
not get away on this voyaga without a
farewell meeting.
Among those who were present were
Captain Fraser of the Swanhi da. Captain
Petrie of the Olivebank, J. W. Van Ber
j gen, John McCarthy, A. A. Hooper, John
! Buggan, E. W. McCarthy, Alex McCord,
Hinim Cook, Colonel "Tom" McCord,
William Schriber and others. The speech
of the evening was made by Mr. Cook.
He spoke at length on the Corbett-Fitz- |
Simmons fieht, and after describing each
man at great length he finally got his]
| hearers so mixed up that one-half of them
I are now ready to swear that Cook said
that Fitzsimmons will win and the others
are ready to gamble that the noted referee
said that Corbett was a "sure thing."
Captain McAllister remarked that he
knew, very little about prizefights, but he
was willing to back tire Langdale aeainst
any ship thai will leave whnin the next
ten days lor the run lo Europe.
The schooner Lucy from Columbia River
spoke the sealer Rattler on the 8 b. inst. oil
the Coquille River with 140 skin?. All the
vessels that went out early this season
j have met with very poor success.
The American iron ship T. F. Oakes,
which sailed from Hongkong for New
York last July, is now considrrably over
due and 75 per cent reinsurance is being
paid on her. When ten days out she was
spoken twenty miles from her starting
point and since then nothing has been
heard from her. The German ship H.
Bischoff, which sailed from Hiogoa month
later than the Oakes left China, is also
missing. She is out 213 days from the
I Japanese port and the general opinion is
I lhat both vessels went down in one of the
I typhoons that have lately raged in the
I Orient.
The City of Puobla will be laid up longer
than was at first expected. Her teii-ton
shaft was found to be cracked and it had
to be removed. A new one will be made
at the Union Iron Works and then tue
vessel will go back on her old run.
The Black Diamond Coal Company has
taken the law into its own hands and is
doing wort the City should have done
months ago. The foot of Main street, and
in fact the entire water front from Bryant
to Spear Btreets, has been in bad shape
lor years. The coal company has latterly
been shut off from direct comin.tnicatiou
with Main-street Wharf, so President Corn
wall determined to mnke a move himself.
Yesterday he started rillii.K in the ap
proaches to the Stale's wharf, and unless
the Superintendent of Streets steps in and
stops the work there will be a pood road
way to Main-street wharf before the week
is out.
Music- Teachers Oiganize.
The Music-teachers' Association of Califor
nia has been incorporated by V. A. 11. Hoff
meycr, 11. W. Patrick, Ellen Coursen-Roeckel,
N. 8. Helmers, Isabella Cook, Alexius O, Eek
manand H.J.Stewart. Tne purposes of the
as-ociaiion are to cuitiv«te a tu.ste for high
class music, to encourage musical composition
and to bring meritorious works to public
notice, to issue diplomas to competent in
structors and to promote the employment of
such instructors, to devise means lo support
aged and destitute members.
Armenia ami the Turks.
Next Monday evening an illustrated lecture
on "Armenia and the Turks" will be given in
the auditorium of the Young Men's Christian
Association by Haskett Smith of London.
Ttiis lecture is repeated at the special request
of many of our citizens. Mr. Smith has seve
crfll times visited tins country Hntl will s-peak
iri;m nctual experience. He will illustrate h.i
lecnre with ninny excel cut views 01 me
principal places in the Turkish empire. On
the 18th lost, he will l<cture in the same
place on "Crete ana lift 1.-les ->f Greece."
Trunks Moved Z& Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.
Tel. main 4.^. Furniture inoveu reasonably.*
THE SAN FTfANCISnO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, l»yT.
The Schooner Annie Gee Lost Her Mainsail and the Christina Steffcns Her Flying Jib in the
Norther That Raged Along the Coast Yesterday, and Both Vessels Had to Return to
Pert for Repairs.
THE GROWTH OF
A CONSTITUTION
How Our Forefathers Se
cured Political
Freedom.
Judge Morrow Outlines the His
tory of the Federal Gov
ernment.
An Instructive Lecture Under the
Auspices of the Young Men's
Institute.
At Metropolitan Hall last night, under
the auspices of Columbia Council No. 55
of the Young Men's Institute, Judge W.
W. Morrow delivered an entertaining lec
ture on "The Federal Government," illus
trated by tine stereopticon views of Wash
ington faces and places.
The lecture was preceded by a short
programme, which included organ selec
tions by Miss M. Georgians and a vocal
solo by John A. McAuiiff, which, were
well received.
James P. Foby, who prraided, spoke of
the advantages accruing from the Y. If. I.
Bureau series of lectures, which are doing
much to promote the moral and intellec
tual welfare of the community.
Jndge Morrow, who received a most
flattering reception, prefaced the more
serious portion of his eddress with some
humorous remarks on the subject of fin
de siecle journalism, in which a movinsr
panorama of pictures serves to illustrate
the dry details of news previously in
fashion. The present lecture, he snid,
recognized this necessity, and all the lec
turer had to (io was to give a brief history
of the most important aspects ot the Fed
eral Government. He then proceeded:
Tha elements of an endurine federation, es
tablished by the constitution of the United
States, have been popularly attributed to the
iramers of that instrument as an original ex
periment, and it has been said that we ure
indebted to their political wisdom lor the per
lectlon of its operation. Mr. Gladstone gava
vigorous expression to this sentiment when
he sHid that the constitution of the United
i States was "the greatest work ever struck off
i at one time by the mind and purpose of man."
On the other hand, Sir Henry Maine denies
! originality to the founders of the Kepubiic
' when he say* "thiu the constitution of the
i United States is a modified version of the
i British constitution which was i:i existence
i between 17(iO and 1787." Withoui do racting
in the least from the ncknowiedgtds.atesuian
shipamt patriotism of the fjreat men of the
Revolutionary period, I think it may be said
with truth and propriety that the general
principles of self-government and federation
which we find m the constitution of tha
United States were not entirely original with
tti^m, but had been tried, and tried success
fully, on this continent tor more than one hun
dred and til ty years before that time.
The history of federation of local govern
ment commences, on this continent, within
twenty years niter the landing of the Pilgrim
Fathers at Plymouth Rock In December, lti'JO.
It commeuces in the valley oi tho Connecti
cut, when nil the free men of the towns of
Windsor, Hartford and Wetliersfield assembled
at Hartford on Jan nary 14. I<>3!), and adopted
j a written constitution providing for the feder-
a tion of independent towns, with all the at
tributes of sovereignty not expressly granted
to the General Court of the Colony of Connec
ticut, reserved as ot original right to tho
towns. This document was known as the
Fundamental Orders of Connecticut, and was
based upon the idea that the iqundation of
authority is laid In the free consent of the
governed.
It was the first written constitution known
to history that created a govorumeni, and is
I recognized by histoiiat'.s as the beginning of
the American democracy, and although
i framed for a population not exceeding one
thousand it remained for nearly two hundred
years without ci.ange or amendment, the oi
gtinic law ol the commonwealth of Connecti
cut, and its leading features were incorpo
rated into the constitutions of the several
States and of the United Slates. But the influ
ence of Connecticut in the direction of federa
tion was exerted in a still more practical way
and in a broader field.
In 1637 she had made overtures to Massa
nhusciis for a union of colonial interests. Her
settlements were then in tne Heart of the
I Indian country aud exposed to the depreda
tions of the wily and trencherous savages.
But this was not all. The Dutch, at New Am
sterdam, were pressing eastward and north
ward iuto tne Connecticut Valiey, and the
French, at Quebec, were pushing southward.
The situation was dangerous unit Connecticut
sought the Hid of Massachusetts, but as the
lHtier was not seriously threatened she de
iaye'l action. The proposition was renewed
I in 1G39 aud again in 1042.
Judge Morrow traced the events which
finally lei up to the acceptance of the
present constitution and said :
The powers of the Federal Government are
distributed by thi-< constitution into tae three
departments, leg si uive, executive and judi
cial. Tne leni.'-lHtive consists of the. iwo
houses of Congress, the ex. cutivi' of the Presi
dent, and tne judicial of the Supreme and in
ferior courts. The powers conceded to the
Kede.al Govi-rnment by the cnnstitutii n of
the United Stales are In brief: To lay and col
lect taxes, duiies imposts and excises; to pt,y
and provide for the common defense and gen
eral welfare of the United Stales; to reguiAtu
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several Stales and with the Indian tribes; to
establish a unilorm rule of natur/iliz itton aud
unliorm laws on the subject of bankrupicy
throughout the United states; ;o coin money,
regulnte the value thereof, and of lore gn
coins, and fix the stanuard <>f weights and
meHvur.s; to establish postoffleei and pi.s -
roads; to promote tho }iroeru«s of Rcience and
USetUi aris, by securing for limited times to
authors «nd inventors exclusive rißht t> uieir
respective writings and discoveries; lo detine
and punish piracies and lelonics committed
on the bijra sens and o flenses against the
law of nations; to declare war, grant
letters of marque ana reprisal, and make
rules concerning captures on land and
water; to raise aud support armies:
to provide and maintain a navy; to exercise '
exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever
over such district (not exceeding ten square
miles) as may, by cession of particular States
and the acceptance of Congress, become the
seat of government of the United States; to
make all laws which may be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the fort
going provisions and all othtr powers vested
by the constitution in the Government of the
United States or in any department or officer
thereof.
Judge Morrow concluded this historical
sketch by recounting the causes which re
sulted in the establishment of the capital
at Washington, pointing out in this con
nection that as recently as l£oo Washing
ton was in the West.
NOTIFIED THE ATTORNEY.
Collector Wise Transmits Fact* Ke
lating to the Uecent Big Seizure
of Opium.
The United States District Attorney's
office was officially notified by Collector of
the Port Wise yesterday of tbe big opium
seizure recently male by the sppcial treas
ury agents, who have been investigating
the opium traffic in this City.
Mr. Wise merely transmuted the facts
as laid before him by tne agents and
which have been called to the attention
'of the department at Washington. Mr.
Wise states that he nas been in perfect ac
cord with the department, aud it with
him, regarding t he seizure, and that the
dday in hand.nj: tne documen sto United
States Attorney Foote was occasioned by
a desire on his part-to see that everything
was in regular lorm, so that there might
be no hi;cn in iuture proceedings.
It now lies entirely with the United
States District Attorney's f ffice whether
or not an information is filed against the
$200,000 worth of the drug now tied up in
tue warehouses and Appraiser's store.
As Attorney Footo has already rendered
an opinion that there nas been a technical
violation of the law in the manner in
which the opium was imported it is prob
able that the information will be filed,
and within a sliort time.
NOTES OF THE THEATERS
"Jim the Penman," Drawing
Well at the Alcazar, Is
a Success.
"II Trcvatore" Is To-Night's French
Opera Bi I at th ■ California.
Fanny DaveDport.
"Jim the Penman" is the most ambitious
production that the Alcazar stock com
pany has yet appeared in, and it has been
so successful that the management has
decided to continue "Jim the Pjnman"
for the whole of next week.
The cast of Sir Charles Yonne's play,
which is a long one, is excellently filled.
George Osbourne as Baron Hartfeld, the
designing partner of the former, is
thoroughly in bia element, and Francis
Powers makes quite a hit as the captain,
who is not such a 100 las he looks. John
Armstrong is effective as Dr. Petty wise,
ana Hugo Toland, who Das recovered hi^
voice, is easy and unconstrained as "Jim."
Miss Adele Belaarde doe< excellent work
as the forger's unfortunate wife, anil the
rest of me cast Is pood.
"Ruy Bias" at the Columbia is running
very smoothly. The audience is now dis
missed at 11 o'clock.
Next Monday Cissy Fitzgerald,, the ex-
Gaiety with the famous wink, will open at
the Columbia in "The Foundling."
Considering that it is the end of a three
weeks' run, "Shore Acres" is drawing well
at ti;e Baldwin. Oil Monday Fanny Daven
port opens with the famous scenic produc
tion of "Gismonda."
"Pinafore" is bringing the successful
?eries or Gilbert and bullivan revivals at
the Tivoli 10 a close.
"The Blccfc Detective," with its novel
theme and thrilling situation?, is drawing
well at tho Grand Opera-house. Fred
Butler in the title-role has added another
10 his list of successes.
At the California Theater to-night the
second performance of the French Opera
Company will be given, when "II Trova
tore" will be the bill. This will serve to
introduce a number of new artists 10 the
San Francisco public, A brilliant ballet
divertisemeut is promised.
The Orpheum has a very strong bill this
week, and the public is doing lull justice
to the faro provided.
Herr Ferdinand Stark and his Vienna
orchestra aro still attracting large audi
ences to the Oberon.
Going for Mexicau Mines.
The Mexican Development Company has
beea incorporated for the purpose of buying
and working mines in the republic of Mexico.
The capital stock is fixed at .$ 500,000, of
which $255,000 has been -subscribed as fol
lows: John Duggett, $25,000; Ben F. Dairsrett,
$'25,000; John Reid. $27,501); Archibald Reid,
*25,000; Robert C. E-itt, $25,000; J-tmes Me-
Nab, $25,000 ; J. A. I-'illniort;, $25,000; Wil
liam Singer- Jr., $25,000; AViiliHm K.iory
Briggs, $12,500: John McLaren, 85000; Mrs.
KranK Morse, $5000; J. G." Mis»sic, $;jOOO. Tne
instrument was acknowledged beiore Notary
E.B. Ryan.
A'N<;w apunitli Paper.
El Semanario del ' Hogar is the name of a
new Spanish weekly published in this City
under ; the direction ; of F. B. Romo. It is
neatly printed, well edited, contiiins much
that is of special interest to the Spanish and
Mexican cuiony, nnd is, what its name im
plies,' a home weekly. It is being ci ciliated
in ihePpaiilsh-spyakiugcountries down the
coast as lur as I'uuaroa. V ■■'.;-■
fcuPKRiORiTY to lit defective sight conceded
to Bprteling Optical Compnny; removed to 14
and l(j Keainy sireat. •
YOUNG RATS WERE
IN HIS POCKET
Attached Themselves to
Customs Inspector
Callaghan.
A Joke That Ended in the Sud
den D.ath of a Rodent
Quartet.
(al-ghan Has Not Yet Recovered,
but Nevertheless One of the Rats
Is St.ll Alive.
The Custom-house inspectors along the
water iront are having a quiet laush at
the expense of "Jim" Callaghan. One of
their number put a nest of young rats in
Callnghan's pocket and when he "dived
down to get out of the rain" a young ro
dent came out attacbod to each finger of
his right hand. The rats and Callaghan
both thought it was dinner time and both
got a surprise.
Callag!ian, among his other duties, has
charge of the Briti:-b. ship Saint Mirren for
Uncle Sam and on many occasions has
been heard to remark that there were
more rats on Harrison-street wharf than
on any other pier along the water front.
Innpector Critcher, who has charge of the
vessels at Mission and Howard streets,
Rats Attached Themselves to
Custom Inspector Callaghan's
Digits and Gav^ Him a Sur
prise* .
took umbrage at the assertion and said that
the Italian baric Citsabona couid furnish
more rats, young and old, than any snip
in the bay.
Callaghwn laughed, but Critcher proved
his case. He secure. i a nest of young rats,
whettier it was from the hold of the Casa
bona or not no one knows, and landed
them in safety in the Inspector's overcoat
1 ocket. A few crackers kept them quiet
until Callaghan was ready to go 10 lunch.
Then there were lesst half a dozen men
ready to help him on with his coat.
Wharfinger Dryden held it up so that
there would be no delay, and "Charley"
Pratt did till in his power to assist the In
spector of Customs into his outer garment.
Out of pure thankfulness he asked the
boys to come across the street in the rain
and have lunch with him*
They all refused, of course, but stationed
themselves on the sheltered side of the
Wharfinger'^ office. When the rain struck
him Caiiaghan turned up his coat collai
and stuck his hands into his pockeis. As
soon as he reached the rat nesl the young
sters thought their mother had come, and
each one of the younn rodents made
a pr;ib !or n finger. Then Critcher, Dry
den and Pratt uud a laugh as they watched
the gyrations of Callagban. Ho yelled
murder and shook his hand in every iii
rectioQ, but the young rats wanted their
lunch and they held on. Finally Calla
tzhan rushed back into the Wharfinger's
officer and dipping his hand into a basin
of water drowned every one of the little
gray fellows before they would let go of
Uis lingers.
There was just one left in the nest, how
ever, when the Custom -bou«e officer was
ready lo make another pilgrimage to the
lunch-counter. It was almost pure white
and he determined to keep it. There is
now a pet rat around Harrison-street
wiiarf and people who have heard the
story are inundating Caiiaghan with
food for it.
In the meantime Critcher on the Casa
bona lias th joke on Caiiaghan, who
stands watch on'the St. Mirren.
The latest novelty ia a folding cofEn,
whicli permits the corr>se to be raised to a
f i ti in ir posi'.ion, so thai it may be thus
viewed l>y Ulf mourners.
CASTORIA
For Infants . and Children. ,
Thefae- "' ' '"■ ■ '^"- : '■--
liaile" sH¥ s/tTs> ,? — Jsw
CHANGES IN
COAST TRAINS
Close Connections lo Be
Made With All the
Overlands.
Passengers May Not Stay Here
Over Night as Much as
Heretofore.
The End of the F.ve Months' Ssascn
tf the Sunset Limited h Near
at Hand.
Some important changes are to take
place on Sunday in the running of ihe
trains on the coast division of the South
ern Pacific. With the announcement of
the changes comes considerable informu-
I tion in regard to meals and berths for
passengers traveling along the coast.
One ci.ant;e which is signal in character
is that of the evening train up from Mon
terey, Salinas and other points. Instead
of arriving here at 7 o'clock in the even
ing, as hitherto, it will reach here at 4:30
p. M., and passengers may catch outbound
overlands two hour 3 and a half there
| alter. Because of this passengers may not
stay over night here, as heretofore. The
I full list of the changes is as follows:
Train Xo. 5, heretofore leaving at 8:15 A. M.,
will be changed 10 leave at 9 a. m.
This will a connection'irom train No.
18 from Han Joaquin and Tu.are valleys, ar
riving in San i'rancisco at 7:43 a. M.
Passengers by this train (Xo. 5) Koing south,
that is, to Santa Barbara, etc., will lind at
tached to the train at San Luis Obisi'O a Puli
nian sleeping-cur witii bullet service This
car will run through to Surf, connecting there
with a stage line lor Lorapoc and south.
Passengers can secure seats in this car fnm
San Luis Obispo o-i the payment ot 25 cents
per sem, and crii likewise secure supper from
the buffet before arrival at burf.
The trains connecting :rom '.his train (Xo. 5)
will arrive at Monterey at 1:42 P. M. and at
Santa Cruz at 1 :45 p. M.
The opposite ior irain Xo. 5, namely, train
Xo. (j, will leave Surt at 5:55 a. m. , an earlier
hour than heretofore.
Passengers iroin the south will be taken by
stage direct to 5u rf the even ing of the dar leav
ing Santa Barbara. At Surf they can secure sleep
ing-car iiccoinniodutloiis at cost, ot $1 50 per
benn, and the next morning have breakfast in
the buffet up as far as San Luis Obispo, wt.ere
this car will be cut out from the regular traiu
and held for the evening down tr«in.
Ihe connecting trains for Xo. 6 will leave
Monterey at 11:25 a. IL, and will leave Santa
Cruz at il :40 a. m.
Train Xo. (5, Heretofore arriving at San Fran
cisco at 7 P. M., will be made to arrive at 4:15
p. M., thus enabling passengers from coast
division points 10 connect (via San Francisco)
with the three evening trains, Xo. 7, leayinsr
San Francisco at 5 P. K. for the south, Xo. 3
leaving San Francisco at 6 P. M. for Ogden and
the East, imd Xo. 15, leaving San Francisco at
7 P. M. for Portland und the north.
Only four more of the Sunset limited
trains are to run eastward over the road
before the season closes. These will be on
the I3ih, 16th, 20:h and 27th. The five
months' season ends at the latter date.
The Sunset limited trains yet to arrive to
complete the season are on March 14, 18,
21, 25. 28 and April 4.
FOUGHT FOR HIS WEED.
A Very Interesting Episode on
the Ferry Steamer
Tiburon.
Tried to Flimfl m an Athlete and
Was Repaid With Two Dis
colored Optic:,
Clubdom is very much amused over an
adventure that befell one of its members a
few days ago and the officers and crew of
Uie ferry steamer Tiouron, on board of
which the cccurrence took place, are still
talkinp of it. The young man in question
Is a well-known athlete and boxer, who
resides a portion of the time at the Cali
fornia Hotel and the rtmainder at the
Hotel Rafael.
On Wednesday afternoon, as he was
taking his regular trip to San Rafae! and
smoking a Perfeco on the after deck a
roughly dressed stranger approached and
asked the clubman ior a light.
The latter courteously handed the peti
tioner his fraprant weed and trie man
slowly lit a "La flnr de China," and
calmly putune the Perfecto in his mouth
handed his own hve-cenier to tne club
man, immediately walking away.
Tue athlete was too much astonished
for a moment to remonstrate, but when
he recovered his breath he was after the
cheeky individanl post haste. There
were very few words spoken, but within
a moment the two had mixed it, with the
man who had fl mflamnied the athlete
rapidly getting the worse of the en
counter.
The deckhands took a hand in the
melee, but the Olympian's blood was up,
and the sailors speedily withdrew from
the combat and called Captain White to
the rescue of the owner of the poor cigar,
who was rapidly being reduced to a state
of insensibility.
The captain's advent on the scene put
an end to hostilities, and the combatants
were kept apart until Tiburon was reached,
when the clubman betook himselr 10 his
hotel to arrange his disordered apparel and
cool off.
The man who received the drubbing
con tided to the loungers about Tiburon
that "that dude could lick Corbett," and
exhibited two very badly damaged optics
as evidence of the truth of his remark.
KEW TO-DAT.
" Do you drink tea
" Yes."
-l What sort?" .%*
Don't know."
Try Schilling's Best; if
you don't like it you grocer
will pay you back your
money in full. There are
five flavors, and every sort
is fresh-roasted,
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco • 881
NEW TO-DAT-AJIOSEMENIS.
THE CHUTES.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Groat Opon-Air Performance,
SPECIAL — Bres Pocket Klrietoscop^s 10 Chil-
i,l dren next urdiv and Jay. '
SUNDAY AFTEKNOoN and EVENING,
OLD FRIENDS' DAY!
—I—Freei — Free . Barbecue All Afternoon.——
i * ADMISSION. 100. CHIIiDIUSN,; So.
I -■":'". -■ - i ■ - • ■ - '. -
DUFFY'S PURE
f^ MA iTWHiSKEY
• > "Y S^. if! Ml-' y^\ "■
FOR MEDIGNALUSE
NO FUSEL OIL
You cannot afford to be with-
out it in the season of GRIP and
PNEUMONIA.
It keeps cold out and Bodily
Heat in. , Send for pamphlet.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
XIV 10-DAT-AMESF.MSJJT'i. 1 )-:S .
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai-iIAYMAN i&'Cui (InrnrnonuuU) t?topa*m3:i
LAST WE XX! LAST 2 NIGHTS!
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY!
JAMES A. ONE
In His Own Beautiful Flay,
SHORE ACRES
COMMENCING MONDAY. MAKCH 15.
FANNY
DAVENPORT
Supported by MELBOURNE JIACDOWELL.
First Time Here— Sardoa's
Gr I ®3VE<3r^r33^^.«
Saturday Mght, March 20— FEDORA.
tpS" Davenport-Sardou Silver Souvenirs Sat ur-
da. night to ladies on lower floor.
Coxei and feats now r?ady.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A i. Dayman* Co. (Incorporated) Lessees
Grand Opera Season. !
FRENCH — OFERATIC — ORGANIZATION t
140 People, Direct from Kurop?, via Sew Orleans.
To-NlghK Friday): ..: ..........TKOVATOU.i
T" \VI li Brilliant Ballet Divertissement, eic.
.-a.urda-.- -Maiinee .....FAUST
Saturday Evening. MISS IIKLYKTT
Tuesday, March 16 >IGUKL>
Thursday, -Mr.rrh 18 NOO&S 1> ii
JKiNKl'TEaud CAYALLI2KIA KUS-
XI CAN A;
Saturday Maiinre, March 20.... I.A JUIVE
Saturday Kvenl ...VOVAOK OF Si ZKTTJB
Tuesday. March 23 LKS HUGUENOTS
To be tol.owed by "LA NAVARnAISK," etc.
- Prices $1 to $.■»,
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
li«kii,iiMu>iL\^ ißKi.iy i. Proprietor & Manajac
THE GILBERT AND SULLIVAN SEASON!
to-night;
THE GREAT SUCCESS I
GRAND SCENIC REVIVAL
Of the Celebrated Nautical Satire,
11. TVI. Si.
PljgAFOgg
— EXCELLENTLY OAST
CAREFULLY STAGED— . ; *■
MAGNIFICENTLY MOUNTED
Popular Prices —25c and 500
tniCDLAfJItR.OCTTLODt G>- UJiMAnonAnAStßi—
Don't You Know ? Only One Week of
MR. JOSEPH HAWORTH,
Supported by
MISS MARGaKET CRAVEN
And a Powerful Company, in
Preceded by 'J"huma3' Beau.nul .--ki-tch, "A MAN
Ob THK WOK i D."
Magnificent New Cojtumes and Slape Effects.
Next Week— Cm/ Fitzgerald In -The Found*
ling," the only tovelty this year.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTEK MOROSCO. ..Sola Lessee aui Maa.i;j:
Initial Production in San Francisco of
the Sensational Comedy Urania,
"THE BLACK DETECTIVE
A Thrilling Play with Wonderful Mechanical
, Effects.
BEAUTIFUL SCENE KY!— A. STRONG CAST!
Songs Specialties Dances!
Evening Prices— lOo, 250 and sOc.
31 h! ii -; Satur«nty ami similar.
A Brand Jew Bill Beyond Compare !
The Flying Jordan Family, 5 in number; Vir- "
ginia Aragon. queen of the silver wire; Mario
and Mario, horizontal bar performance; The
■ Olifnns. l hree-headed nondescript; John Burke
and Grace Forest, comedy artists: last week of
the Flnneys. Great Lyric Stars, Uuillk, Abuau-
off and -Miss Cottk, eta
lleserved seals. Zso; iulcouy, 10c; Opera-chairj
and box-seats, 6Uc.
I Concerts In the Orpheum Annex every evening.
AIPA 1 AD BUSINESS OF
ALbA£AEi BUSINESS OF
Bet™OALabaillo.M t s. | THE SEASON !
Every Seal Sold Again Last Night!
Triumphant fcuccess of tha Greatest Jflay of the
;/■:»*.-, I entury. ,
"JIM THE FENIAN!"
GfOHGK OBBOUBNK HUGO TO LAND
And the Superb Alcazar Company
Our Regular Prices. Seats b/ lelephopeHlack99l
O'F.irrell str^e;, near hioclcion.
San Francisco' Family Concert Hall.
Week of Monday, March 8. i; "
•3- — Magnificent New Programmes 3
, — . — LUMINOUS MUSICAL, GKMS
From the ruo-t treasured works of the Great
Masters, admirably presented by HEKK FERDI-
AND STAKK, cirauss 1 « greatest living ; lnter-
pre:er. and
THE VIKXSA OKCHKSTKA.
j(3~Grand Comer;. Kvery Evening at » o'clock.
DACINGI RACING. RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB— :
WINTER MEETING, 1898-97,
Beginning Monday. March 8, to March 20,Inclu«iT»
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. '■
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
'Anursday, "Fridny »nd Saturday.
ltainor *htno.
FIVE OR MOKE HACKS EACH DAT.
Races Start ac 2:15 P. 31. Sharp--.
.• Ferry Boats If aye Han Francisco at 115 M. ana
12:30,1 .00, 1 :»0, 2:')0, •-' :30 and 3 P. M.. connect-
ins witu trains stopping at the entrance to tract.
Buy your ferry tickets to shell Mound. ,
' Returniug— Train.* leave the Track at 4:15 aal
4:45 p it. and immediately after the last race. •
THOMAS ii. WILLIAMS JK. President. ,
K. B. M ILKOY, secretary. ,
ENTtRTAINMENT. ;.;-
PAKTOJIIJIK AND CONCERT BY THE DEAP
AND THK BLIND, Deaf-Mute I ranch of the
■ YounK .Men's Association, at the " ;
Auditorium, N. K. corner Jlason and Kills streets,
Friday Eveni >g, March 12,1 897.*
Admission 23c and 50c. Res>*rveJ seals 25cextra, •
SIJTRO BATHS.
}:■.: J.ix 1 ? FINK : fROUKAMHi':.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General AdmiMlon, 100 j ; Children* 54
78
WORKMEN
TURN FROM
THE TRAITOR
IN DISGUST
Hearst Pleads His Charities
in Extenuation of !
Betrayal
JUST AS THOUGH CHARITY WERE
NOT A MATTER OF BUSINESS
WITH HIM.
Says It Was "Such a Little Transaction It
Should Be Overlooked by
the People*
But It Was to Save Two Cents on a Pound Under
the Free Labor Price Just
the Same.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Association Takes Action
Condemning the Faker as Having Dealt a Blow
Against Free Labsr.
W. R. Hearst makes no denial of the charge of using prison-made goods in his
establishments on Mission street and on MarKet street. He conld not. Of course he
could, but cfter twenty-four hours in which to think over the situation the folly of
that became too apparent even to him and his satellites. There is Warden Hale to be
met, ana, greater than Warden Hale, there are his books and the written contract.
There was nothing to be said in face of the sweeping exposure by The Call, with
its fac-similes of orders for prison-mad goods written on Examiner letter-paper and
signed by the business manager of the faker. The facts a 9 presented and clinched
admitted of no doubt, and lac faker could only do that which The Call, while |
making the exposure, said it would do. It whined in its leading c litorial yesterday
that "it was such a little thing"— only the purchase of $$369 38 worth of twine.
Exactly. And why was that sum spent amon,' the convicts at San Quentin? Was
it for any reason other than the saving of 2 cents a pound on twine?
Ii is a very little matter, indeed— picayunish, in fact. But the streets of San Fran
cisco are overrun just now with men clamoring for work, and they, as well as their
more fortunaie feilows who, for the moment, have "a job," but who cannot tell how
soon they may be crowded out by the unemployed who trench upon them on the one
side, whi.e prison labor undermines them on the other — they are none of them de
ceiveJ.
They know that the open market is ready and eager to sell Mr. Hearst his twine,
made by free labor, at the same price that it sells to all the other newspapers in this
City. The merchants who have the twine to sell know it, too— they, no doubt, de
plored the loss of Mr. Hearst's trade when he saw fit to leave them and negotiate with
£an Quentin for the saving of 2 cents a pound.
Since the exposure made by j'he Call, tongues have loosened that were be
fore 6till on this subject and it is known that T. T. Williams, business manager of tne
Monarch Faker, boasted in certain quarters of the neat stroke of business he had
done in making this contract with the San Qjentin prison. He thought he had done
a big thing for his master and no doubt he did — no doubt Mr. Hearst was much
jleased by the saving effected. And yet now, when the smiling and smirking mask
that he has kept turned toward the workmen of California Is torn away and the fea
tures of the miserable hypocrite are revealed under a searching blaze of light, he
whines that it was "such a little thinfr." Cowering under the strong light turned
upon him he seeks relief by holding up his "charities" to public view — he has given
so much to charity that this little matter of business might be overlooked.
To avoid the necessity of the humiliation of charity is the great and constant cry
of the American workman, and the "ultimate conclusion of Mr. Hearst's policy," to
use the language of Chairman Davies of the relief committee of the unemployed, "is
that it would be advantageous to many of the workingmen to become convicts in order
to have an opportunity to work." It is the alternative of being compelled to accept
Mr. Hearst's chanty, and allowine him to get the benefit of the advertisement that
goes with it. For if anybody retained the belief that Mr. Hearst doled out his charity
for charity's sake the uncovering of this "little business transaction" should effectu
ally dispel it. While making a great public parade about saving the Grant monu
ment from the indignity of being set up on a convict-cut base, he is himself secretly
saving 2 cents a pound on the twine he uses by employing convicts to the discom
fiture of free labor.
Was there ever a more pitiful hypocrite? The very smallness of the business,
which he pleads as his excuse, is its most damning feature. If he would pass by the
San Francisco merchant and go to San Quentin to save a few dimes, would he not get
•11 he needs there to make a great savins— if he thought he wouldn't get caught at it.
As it is he bought at San Quentin all the goods they have in his line. They dAn't
make paper nor ink over there, nor do they sec type.
That the workingmen of California understand the faking hypocrite now is made
clear by the expressions of disgust that come to The Call from all over the State.
At a meeting of the Manufacturers' and Producers' Association held last evening,
J. W. Kerr, in urging the re-election of Julian Sonntag said, touching the double
dealing of the .Examiner:
"Gentlemen, the enaction of legislation to offset many most pernicious evils yet
remains. We cannot afford to lose Mr. Sonntag, with his excellent DOtiey and his
aggressive principle from the leadership of this association. I, for one, beg that he
remain.
"There are tne two questions of pure food and convict labor, with which we are
now battling hard. Especially must we consider the proposition of convict labor.
"It will indeed be a hard blow to us to lose our hardest fighter right at the time
we find that one of our metropolitan journals, the San Francisco Examiner, on which
we relied for support in common with the others, is itself a patron of San Quentin.
The Examiner, 1 am glad to say, has been shown up as it deserves to be."
The speaker was warmly applauded.
The Examiner Should Be Condemned
In the Very Strongest Sense.
In commenting on the two-faced action of the i: Jutemill Monarch" in purchas
ing its twine at San Quentin, while making so vociferous a howl over the fact that the
pedestal of Grant's statue was hewn by the hanris of murderers and thieves, Julian
Bonntag, the president of the Manufacturers' ai d Producers' Association, and of the
Council of Associated Industries, yesterday spoke as follows:
"1 say that any person or persons, company or corporation, purchasing convict
poods, should be condemned in tne fullest sense of th« word. It is an injury to all
free men of the S ate.
"It is a menace to capital and a menace to labor.
"The Manufacturers' and Producers' Association has made a hard fight to remove
this dangerous competition to free lubor, and feels that it has aroused public senti
ment in tne matter to such an ex ent that nobody will now care to be known as a
customer of any State institution for the punishment of crime. If I myself were en
dowed with auihority I would stop the manufacure of all goods by power machinery
in any and all the penitentiaries of the State of California without a day's delay."
Stand of the Labor Convention
on the Convict Labor Question.
The attitude of the laboring clas-es upon the convict labor question nas always
been pronounced and firm. From the very first that convicts were put to work in
the various trades the working people saw the danger and did ail in their power 10
have it averted. In several States, aiued by the manufacturers, who saw ruin in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
ROY ALDRICH, Newsboy, Who Was Intimidated by the
** Examiner" Yesterday*
continuation of the system, the free laborers have met with partial success. In this
City last month a strong effort was made in this direction.
On February 17 the California Labor Convention met at 915>4 Market street, James
Rose president and Guy Lsthrop recording secretary. Several bills before the Legis
lature were discussed, and one in particular. It was brought up in the convention by
A. McDermott, in the shape of a resolution, which ib here given:
WHEREAS, The question of prison labor and its encroachment
on free labor should receive the attention of this congress without
further delay ; therefore be it
RESOLVED, That we are in favor of submitting to the voters of
this State a constitutional amendment to be voted on at the next gen
eral election abolishing prison labor when such comes in competition
with free labor and providing that convicts shall be compelled to
work by hand, thereby discontinuing the use of machinery.
A. McDERMOTT.
The resolution was passed uanimously, ther«bv showing that while the working
people are not in favor of keeping felons in idleness they shall not be provided with
machinery which will give them the means of competing with free labor.
The Jutemill Monarch Tries
to Suppress a Newsboy.
Roy Aldrich, one of The Call's bright newsboys had an interesting experience
yesterday while selling his papers on Market street, near the Examiner's business
office, on the corner of Grant avenue. When he star ed out with his bundle of copies of
The Call his cry was: "Here's yer Daily Morning Call. All about the Examiner
scandal. All about the Examiner buying suppnrs of convict-made goods."
The lad had not beer, there bat a short time and had not sold more than half a
dozen papers when the manager of the j iteruill- monarch realized the damage that
was being done and a counter play was made that proved to be a failure. Aldricb, in
describing the movement, said:
"The folks In the Examiner sent out and got several other newsboys, who came
out with a few Examiners, and whenever I would cry out, 'All about the Examiner
scandal— the Exnminer buying convict-inado goods,' the other boys would cry out:
'All about The Call scandal. The Call buying from the convicts.'
"I would not stand that, so 1 run tha big fellow off the street with his Examiners,
and then made the other* leave too, ar.d for a while I had the place all to myself. Af
ter a while the folks in the Examiner ?ent out another Jot of boys to run me out, but I
didn't run worth a'cent, and I called out all the louder. I sold quite a numberof Calls
and when the other fellows saw that they were playing a losing game they quit try
The " Examiner's ff Exclusive Convict Twine Manufactory (Warden Hale Manager) at San Quentin,
Marin County, California*
ing to sell and took their Examiners back to the office Nearly every on- who bought a
paper of me said that he was glad to see 1 he Call show up the Examiner just as it is."
Alameda's Trade Federation
Discusses and Denounces the Faker.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 11.— The Alameda County Federation of Trades has
discussed the matter of the Examiner purchasing twine from San Quentin informally,
but to-night President Rogers stated that the federation cannot take any official action
until the San Francisco Union uhall have Beted.
''This action of the Ex; miner is seveioly condemned by us all," said President
Rogers to-night, "but it is not in our jurisdiction, and we carsnot take official action
ujuil the union in San Francisco has taken the matter up. Every union man is up in
arms, because they realize ju3t how bitter has been their fight against convict-made
goods. Just when we have it about won we find a bi,; newspaper doing just what we
have been trying to prevent people from doing."
All who have discussed the matter expressed great surprise that a paper posing as
the friend of labor should bo guilty of using convict labor goods. Tne fight against
this class of goods has been a very uphill one with California unions and ha« been
waged for years. It is a very s:range proposition that the Examiner should make
such ado over a convict-hewn pedestal for Grant and should be using twine made at
San Quentin.
T. J. Latimer, secretary of the Federal Labor Union, denounces the action of the
Examiner in the strongest terms. "It is hard enough to live now," he said, "and
earn enough to prevent starvation, but if convict goods are to be bought we might as
well follow those poor fools that went off to a South Sea island tne other day. It is
not so much the amount of twine that was used as the utter lack of principle t*at the
affair shows. It is a fearful example to pet, an 1 the Examiner is always posing as a
'holier than thou in labor matters. This thing will not bo forgotten for a long time.
I do not see why we should be so greatly surprised either."
The statement in to-day's Examiner that it only i urchased a few bal's of twine of
a kind that could not be manufactured ao good eisew^.era caused some rid cule at the
cotton-mills. Manneer Rutherford has -onie twine there so lite the sampie handed
out r«cer.tly by the Examiner man that no one but an expert could bay told the dif
ference. The manager m xed the two together and it tools him several seconds to de
termine which was prison-made and which was made in his own mills.
"I think we are capable of making unv kind of twine that anybody wants," he
said. "If we find that we cannot, then we will get some machinery that can. That
subterfuge is too flim-y."
The people at the cotton mills were busy to-day mailing Calls to all parts of the
world to let people see how the Examiner was encouraging convict goods as against
free labor.
Mr. Roberts, secretary of the Federation of Trades, snid to-night: "There can be but
one opinion regarding any concern that will patronize San Qientin. Such a concern
is the bitterest foe ana most treacherous enemy that lree labor ever had."
Strange That the Paper Could
Be Guilty of Such Perfidy.
RED BLUFF, Cal., March 11. — A few interviews w.tli prominent workinemen
here loilow : C. F. Decker was long the active head of the Knights of Labor and is
the seni. r member of the tirm of Decker & Hammer, machinists and foundry men. He
said: '"Tne working people know the Examiner never ias been a friend to labor and
are glad to see such an expose as has beon made by The Call. It makes many pre
tenses of its friendship, but we know it is only a ma X to cover its own dirty worK,
and we are glad to see some one remove the mask in the interest of the honest but
not much fooled workingman. The Examiner has done some good work, but work
ingmen generally know the motive, aud that greatly nullifies its efforts when it is on
the rieht tracK."
Valentine Paul is a well-known architect and builder and an active member of
labor organizations. He was present at the time of the interview with Mr. Decker.
He said: 11 1 fuly indorse wiaat Charley has said on the sabjeci, and the only reason
they ever fought the railroad was because they were taken off the payroll. Out with
their doings."
Charles Unash is the owner of a little cigar factory here, and Is very popular with
all workinemen. He said: "I have not kept very close tab on the Examiner lately
since the paj ers began publishing so much stuff about each other, out I think that a
paper that will make contracts for prison-made goods for its own use is not a friend of
union or free labor of any kind, and such pretensions should be exposed that working
men may know their friends."
8. S. Pollard was one of the leaders of the A. R. U. here at the time of the strike.
He is a quiet and conservative speaking man, but said readily enough: "It will cer
tainly hurt the Examiner, as such pretensions as they have put forth are so at vari
ance with the truth, as shown by The Call." The que--;ion was asked him: "Have
the workingmen considered the Examiner as a true friend?" He replied: "I do not
think they have relied much on it in the past, and with a few exposures they will have
no use for it ie the future."
V. C. Snelling, the popnlar barber at the Tremont Hotel shop*, took a mlnnle to
answer the Call correspondent's question as to what he thought o; the expose. He
said: "I quit tak ng the Examiner two years ago. I became disgusted with it< cant
about free laDor and such siuff, for whom it had no love, but whom it could use only
as a tool to gather in the shekels. It will do some pood to see it shown up in its true
light." His assistant, G orge Solomons, remarked: "The Call has the Examiner in
a hole." To which Mr. Snelline added that 'It will cost Willie a lot of money belore
he gels even on the 2 cents a pound he has been saving on twine."
A. S. Cramer is a carpenter who has managed several large pieces of work in
Tehama County and has always been an active man in labor organizations here. He
said: "It looks strange to me that the Examiner should have been guilty of such
perfidy to union Jpbor, after it has been pretending to be iheir friend so long; but
j then it seems that The Call has so much evidence that one can't help but believe it
I tells the t utb. We want to know who are really the friends of organized labor, and
if the Examiner has gone back on us, as it appears it has, well, we will see what to
do later."
A Convicted Boodler,
Filthy Blackmailer and Toady.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 11. — The Call's expose of the Examiner's purchases
of prison-made goods was read with lively curiosity in this city, and caused many
left-handed compliments to be paid to the unfortunate "Monarch of Mendacity."
Many citizens were loth to express an opinion on the subject until the accused
journal could be heard from, but the half-hearted explanation of that paper to-day
confirmed its cuilt and loosened many a tongue.
Prof. H. W. Gottwald, when asKed for an expression, said laconically: "The Ex
aminer should remember those words of holy writ, "Let him who is without sin cast
the first stone.' "
Guv R. Camp, a prominent orchardist of this city, was more emphatic, and said:
"The Examiner is a lying sheet that should be suppressed. lam not at all surprised
at the latest scandal attached to it, and its denial of the charges would, to my mind,
strengthen the case against it."
E. L. Dutcher, contracting painter: "The Examiner is certainly in a bad box in
more ways than one. The fact of their buying the products of the penitentiary would
not lie so bad did they not pose as the friend of labor. Of course, the amount of their
purchase is not «reat in dollars and cents, but their silly attempts to make capita!
over the Grant monument while in the very act of buying prison goods, convicts them
by their own evidence of a heinous crime."
George A. Hurch, a prominent plumber and steam-fitter, expressed himself as
follows: "As a union man ol course I am opposed to convict iabor, and the Examiner's
COLDS
Munyon's Cold Cure cures colds in the
head, co ds on the lungs, old colds, new
colds and obst nate colds, an-! all forms of
! grin. Stops sneezing, d scharges'frorn the
'. nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, dn htbe-
i ria, pneumonia and all throat and lung
! troubles. These p ea "ant little pellet 3 are
j absolutely harmless, have saved thousands
of . lives and prevented much sickness.
Price. 23c. ' .'_ * ;;
Improved Homceo: athic Home Remedy
Company put up a sen irate cure for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cetits.
Guide to Heal free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Phila'lelDliia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any diseass.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
y STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Neat ffjpi m. Boat
Cloth El -W Solid
Tops M%v W Wear
SUP 75c.
CONSIDER QUALITY.
Convince yourself of the quality of tha .
Shops we are offering on account of the
doubie olockade. The following are some
of our prices:
Fine Vicl Kid Button Shoes, cloth or kid
: tops.
Spring Heels, patent-leather tips. '
Sizes 4 750
. mz s8 to 10 y 3 »I.<iO
Size- 11 to 2.. 51. 25
Ladies' Heel or Spring Heel,
sizes \zy a to 8 Si. 50
: Pebble-grain School Shoes, guarantee! for
.■--■. wear : jv . -:■:
Child's Sizes. Sto 3 O Vi 750 l.^
Misses' blzes, 11 to '4 SI. OO
ter Country orders solicit*!
t(S~ Send for N« lUusiraiol Cataio^as
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third St.. San Francl«or>.
DOCTOR SWEANY;
Wh<>!**» Kfjmtiitlon Is . st;i'il Uli <1 by
Ten Yenrs of UnparaUel d <nccri*
at 737 Ma k"t Stn»«*, San Francinoo,
The ablest and most successful specialist of
the age in the treatment of all Chronic, Ner-
vous and Private Disease* in both Men and
Women. All diseases of the. Eye, Ear, Mend,
Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Liver Bowels,
Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Troubles, Rup-
ture, < atarrh. Piles,' Ecz?ma ant Vnricocele
■ treated with unfailing ucecss. Diseases of.
woman peculiar to hers"x scentifically treated
and permanenily cured. Loss or partial loss of
man y power »ml vigor in young, middle-aped
or old "men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and prema-
ture death, quickly and permanently stopped.
Private disexses i>f every name and nature
cured without having any bad effects, and
that disease which poisons the blood, decays
the bones and CRUses more physical and men*
tal suffering than any other known disease
thoroughly and lorever cured.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and Blood.
If you have a dizziness of the head and pal-
pitation of the heart, difficult breathing and
suffocating fee. in?, a tired, irritable, discon-
tented fee. ing, and a fear of impending dan-
cer or death, a dread of being alone or the
reverse; if your memory is failing and you
are gloomy arid despondent and feel an aver-
sion to society, you are suffering from a seri-
ous disease of the nerves, brain, heart and
blood. You heve no tin^e to lose. Call at once
and CONSULT DR. SWEANEY.
Write your troubles if living away from the
city. Thou-ands cured at. home. Letters are
answered in all foreign languages. Corre-
spD idence strictly confidential. Book, Guide
to Health, sent free on application. Address,
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.attemp:s in tho p»st to stir up strife among the union- have always led me to believe
that they were at hear: opposed to union labor. Its loud-mouthed assertions of friend
ship to free labor has never fooled me, as I always think that a barking dog will never
bite.' 1
Prank Muther, a prominent ciear manufacturer, was interviewed and said: "I be
lieve the Examiner is on the downward path and that the way Is greased for the
occasion. Like a drowning man, it catches at straws, but in my opinion nothing will
f .vive it. It's buying prison-made goods while loudly chanting its own praises as a
friend of free labor, is a detestable ofrense, but one of the least of its crimes.
S. J. Gilliam, proprietor of the Magnolia stable*, said: "Of course, prison-made
goods are made to sell and there is really no crime in buying them, but the charge
against the Examiner is not so much the buying of a lot of twine as it is of hypocrisy
of which it stand> convicted."
A fr.d Reed, foreman of the City stables, when interviewed, expressed himself in
no uncertain fa hion, *aying an.one other thing*: "Ttie Examiner is a convicted
boodler, blackmaler and toady and is too filthy to come into a white man s house. '
Many others spoke in a like vein, ani cf the score or more asked for their opinion
of the Monarch, there were none so poor as to do il reverence.
Laborers of Sacramento
Say Some Bitter Words.
SACK\MENTO Cal March 11. -The published statement of the Examiner's
hypocrisy in that ' for years it has been posing as the
advocate of union and free labor, and has b»en personally purchasing
the product of convict-made twine for its own consumption, has created a world of
unfavorable comment against thai journal in labor circles in this cty. and a corre
spondingly favorable comment on the action of The Call in so practically upholding
the union laboring c!asses by the non-introduction of lineotype machines.
This eveninc a group of brawny iron-workers from the Southern Pacific Eailroad
shops while waiting on a street comer for their car to come alon« and take them to
their homes were overheard discussing the subject, and one of them ;<aid :
"I have always doubted the sincerity of the Examiner whenever I read its articles
favoring us of the working class, but I'll tellyou what it is, boys, this shows the whole
thing up in plain black and white.
"I've taken the Examiner for years because I was a Democrat and always felt an
interest in politics; but this settles it I quit. Any paper that will kick up such a
howl against convict labar and then turn around and purchase convict-made twine
can draw down no more of my hard-earned stuff, and for that matter, I have
found that I can g<u as correct an idea of politics, even Democratic politics, from
The Call as I can from the Examiner, with the Bole exception of Al Murphy's
'Banker' articles— they nre c >rfcers."
In interviews accorded a Call representative this evening by members of the vari
ous unions Emmet Phillips of tne Bookbinders' Union said:
" For years the Examiner has posea a3 the champion of free and union labor, and
it is certainly deplorable to find that it nas, under false colori, been attaining our
i onfnience and support, and has so signally proven its insincerity in its professed
friendship.
"Tnere are many ways in which its professions could have been proven, but cer
tainly the extension of its personal patronage to the striped laborers across the bay at
San Q'lentin at the direct expense of free and union labor in the purchase of prison
made twine is not a very practical proof of its sincer tv.
"The expose of hi- hypecracy on the Dart of The Call is certainly commendable,
as it is right that tne laborers should know who are th ir true friends and who are
their professed friends. In fact, the labor world has found another enemy in camp."
Samuel Hughes of Typographical Union No. 21 said:
"As a union man I can do nothing else out denounce the Examiner. A paper
that will so bitterly denounce the product of convict cut stone as did the
Examin r, when speaking of the base connected with the Grant statue, and then de
liberately purchase convict-made twine at the expen c of union labor is no longer
worthy of the confidence and patronage of union laboring men."
William Winer, a pr< minent member of tne Typographical Union, *aid:
"I have 1< st a large portion of the regard I formerly had for the Examiner and do
not by any means consider it the champion of union labor, not that I am at all sur
prised at any departure it may make from its 'professed' principles. It has lelt
patriotism entirely in the shade and defers entirely to its business office, which seem
ingly wholly dictates its policy.
"The publication in The Call of the fact that it has been patronizing convict
labor in the purchase of twine only more fully demonstrates what I claim, and that
is that the Examiner bows in its policy to the dictates of its business department and
cares little if anything for the rights of the laboring classes.
"1 must give the Examiner credit, however, for being the most astute
advertiser in the country, through its advocation of char
ity to the poor and afflicted. Had its professed cliarity been
genuine, it would have been done under cover, but being 'ads' to advance its circula
tion they were emblazoned so that all might comprehend how vast a fund of charity
its promoters possessed."
John Mathen s. a d°legate of the Federated Trades, «aid :
"The Examiner, to draw it mild, is decidedly inconsistent, but I have never be
lieved that there was one atom of merit in the Examiner's protestations of beii- c K e
friend of tie workingman.
"On the other hand we of the laboring clashes fully realize that The Call has been
our practical friend, it has fully demonstrte 1 t:iis :act by k eeping lineoiype machines
out of its composing-room as long as it has; we of course fully realize that this cannot
continue always. We realize that it is rinanc ialiy detrimental to the proprietors of
The Call, but we also know that in empioyin ; 130 printers at a time when labor-sav
in z machines were bein so universally introduce lon newspapers throughou* the coast
that the wolf has been kept from toe door of many a poor lamily. Had The Call
adopted the po.icy of the Examiner and Chronicle and introduced machines at the
same time as they did the suffering of the printing fraternity wouid have been simply
mmioL
"So I say The Call has practically demonstrated its friendship toward the la
boring classes, and should be as highly commended for its sincerity as the Examiner
should be denounced tor its hypocrisy by all the union brotherhood on the coast."
J. P. Welsh of the Pressmen's Union sed;
"I rersonally know that the Examiner has b7 no means been the
friend of union labor. It has demonstrated this in various ways,
which have come under my personal observation, and the fact of its
purchase of convict- made twine, being as it is strictly in conflict
with every nnion principle only servea to strengthen the various matters
whicli have combined in the pnst to prove to me personally
its insincerity in its professions of friendship towarl the
union frateruity. On the other hand, I know that The Call has stood staunchly by
every un.on principle, and been a practical friend of our several union 3. I am by no
means surprised at the expose of the Examiner's hypocrisy, as I was fully convinced
of it in the past."
Employers of Labor Unite in
Speaking In Loud Denunciation
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— The expose of the Examiner's perfidy in posiug as
a lriend of labor while busily engaged in purchasing prison-made goods is the main
topic of conversation among workingmen in this city.
Thl3 course of the Examiner is generally denounced, prominent workingmen and
true friends' of labor taking a decided stand against the paper that has betrayed the
trust placed in it by the toiling masses.
A. B. McNeil, proprietor of an extensive job printing establishment and an
honorary member of the Typographical Union, said in an interview this evening:
"Speaking as an em r layer of organized labor, and as one whose
entire interests are identified with the wellare of the Pacific
Coast, I will say that I know of no action as insilious in its
character, and as far-reaching in its effects as this throttling of labor in
the purchase of prison-made poods. While I contend that pris
oners of all grades should be compelled to labor for th»
public good, there is much labor that can be done by them and so many ave
nues where it can be profitably employed without entrenching on the rights of the
law abiding.
"1 can see no excuse for the short-sighted and utterly indefensible course pursued
by the proprietor of the Examiner.
'I do not wish to be understood as desiring to take part in a labor controversy,
yet as my opinion has been sought it is freely given."
E. E. Chims-on, president of the local Cigar-makers' Union, and a delegate to the
last international convention of that organization, said: "The press is the guide of
the people. When a paper poses as a friend of labor people take it on that represen
t{ tation.
"Despite the editorial statement of the Examiner, the purchase of the prison
flniade twine is not a smalt matter. Such a course is detrimental to the interests of
workingmen. Every ball or prison twine purchased by the Examiner is just so much
work taken away from honest men.
"The workingmen have a ereat battle to fight and it must have the aid of the
newspapers. It Is lalse friends in that fi>ld that cause the greatest harm."
. A. S. Hale, a prominent member of San Jose Typographical Union and fore
man of a large job printing office, said: "The Examiner, like me man who carries
waier on both shoulder*, has come to grief. It posed as the friend of the working
man, but ths contract for San Quentin twine exposes its hypocrisy.
•'The Examiner now appears in its true light, and the intelligent workingman
will not again be bord winked by its shailow pretenses of friendship."
A. T. Huston, president of the Barbers' Leacue, said: "The Examiner's excuse for
purchasing prison-maae twine is a lame one. It is no: a small matter. There is a
great principle involved.
"The purchasing of such prison-made goods as enter into competition with free
labor prevents honest men from getting work. Instead of encouraging such an in
justice the Examiner should have aided the workingmen in their fight against the
products of the prisons."
Disgusted With the Hypocrite.
SALINAS, Cal., March 11.— The exposure of the Examiner by The Call ha^ been
the talk of the town since yesterday. The Examiner with its mask removed has lost
the friendship of the wage-earners and manufacturers. Here is what some of the
prominent laborers of our town say:
E. H. Godat, mason — I have just recently stopped taking the Examiner because I
was thoroughly disgusted with its hypocritical posing as the friend of labor. A paper
that uses the product of convict labor in preference to the product of the honest toller
ought not to receive the s-upport of the workingmen.
W. E. Grant, contractor and buil-ier— The Examiner is not the workingmen's
friend. No convict labor for me. The Call is the best friend of the wage-earner.
A, T. Uncapher, carpenter- I n^ver regarded the Examiner as the workingman's
friend, and since its exposure in The Call I know now it Is the enemy of honest
Jabor.
H. E. Besselt, carccnter- The Examiner is not the workinftman's friend. No
paper that uses the product of convict labor can be a friend of the wage-earner.
B. C. Pierce, brickmaK r— The patron of convict labor is no friend of the laboring
man.
J. T. Knos, dentist— No true American citizen will use the product of convict
labor, and any man who patronizes convict lauor in preference to hone3t Jabor snould
be deprived of his citizenship.
About twenty othtr prominent laborers expressed themielves of the same view*,
many of th>-m Democrats and readers of the Examiner. Not a single person in the
town UDdertakes the defense vt the Examiner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
FLED FROM FOUL
SCENES OF CRIME
Kourias and His Family
Leave Armenia for
This City.
They Were Fearful of Being
Murdered by the Blood
thirsty Turks.
The Sultan Accredited With Being ths
Instigator of the Riga of
Horror and B oi
Outcasts of the war, driven from theii
native country througti fear of assa'smn
tion at the hands of the bloodthirstj
Turks, P. Kouria«, a citizen of Armenia,
nis wife, two bright-ey-d babies and a ser>
vant named Vabon Ijder fled to America,
arriving in this City a few days ago.
The Armenian and his fami.y are nt
present installed in a lar^e residence, 31]
Powell street, and there, surrounded bj
$500,000 worth of Oriental rugs and dra-
VAHON IJUER, the Armenian Who Yesterday Received Word
That His Brother Had Eeen Sentenced to Death by the Turks,
peries, Bilk-> ar.d embroideries, they discuss I
the massacres in their native land.
Mr. Kourias was a prominent merchant,
his place of business being in Constanti
nople, the hotbed of assassins. When he
fled he took all his belongings with him
and he will dispose of them in this coun
try, after which he will wait for peace to
succeed chaos in nis own country, then he
will re urn.
Vahon Ijder, the servant, is the most
unfortunate ot the unfortunate party.
When be fled he left a brother in the laud
of murder, and when Vahon's absence
was noticed his brother was arrested to be
held as surety for his return.
This the servant was informed of yester
day through a letter be received from a
friend in Constantinople who knew that
he was coming to this city. The letter
further stated that the brother liad been
tried and convicted of being a revolution
ist and wnuld be beheaded unless he in
strncted Vahou to return to his home.
When he was asked if he would return
10 Constantinople to j-ave his brother's
life Vahon shook his head, tears came into
his eyes and he said: "No; they would
kill us both. If I thought they would kill
me and let my brother go I would return,
but they would kill us both."
"The ?cenea of horror that daily took
Dlace in Armenia and Constantinople can
not be described in human language,"
said Mrs. Konrias last evening." They
mint be seen, the awful savagery must be
witnessed before the frame will tremble
with tear."
In the Haslcni massacre, which took
place last August, brutalities were in
flicted on the defenseless Armenians by
the Turks that should have brought down
the veneeance of the Creator on the mur
derers,
"They went by night to Haskni, and
robbed and murdered in an awful man
ner. One woman when ordered brought
all of her jewelry and gave it to the Turks,
and asked that her nusband's life be
spared. She ran and ihrew her arms
around her husband.
"At that moment he received a knife
thrust in the throat, and he fell dead, his
blood drenching his wife's hair and face.
"One poor woman fled for her life and
carried in her arnn the body of her deail
babe. She hurried across the mountains
toward the seashore and for three d>iys
never left me litt.e corpse alone, finally
reaching a place where she could bury her
child and feel that its body was free iroru
molestation nnd couM rest In peace."
The scenes in the ma-sacre districts
were heartrending. Hundreds of people
wou d seek refuge in the steel-domed
churches, and there in the air made
stifling by numbers children would be
born among the maimed and dead.
Mrs. Kouria3 is ot the opinion that all
of the massacres were directly ordered by
the Sultan. She says that any Turk who
take* either th life, honor or riches of a
Cnrisiian believes mat he ha» favored his
god and is nearer heaven, and as the Sul
tan is a consummate pagan he imagines
that he has saved ;he souls of thousands
of bis people by his deeds of blood.
TOWNS NAMED AFTER HEROES.
I.Bfuyeit" »»•' Columbuii Are Tied for
the First Plaoe.
A study of American town nomencla
ture shows clearly who have been the
most ad mired heroes in the popular mind.
L.fayette heads the list. The Postottice
Guide contains 29 places bearing the creat
Frenchman's name. Gratitude to Colum
bus is reflected in 29 towns if we include
Columbus Landine, in Michigan, and
CoiumbusviUe, in New York State.
Lord Byron was once the rage in
America and his reward is fonnd in 24
towns bearing bis name, either by itself
or as a prefix. Bismarck is represented
by 18 towns and villages. Napoleon and
Kossuth are outdistanc-d by Bismaick,
for there are but 10 Napoleons and 1
Napoleonville and 7 Kossuths. Baron
Steuten's services in the Revolution have
not been forgotten, for there are 12 Steu
bens and SteubenvilJes. There is bat 1
Garibaldi and 1 Shakespeare, Pennsyl
vania having the honor to own the latter.
— Pittsburg D.spatch.
LINCOLN'S HAT A FOOTBALL.
It Was After the IC.--.iilt of the Election
Ji.-i I Been Announced.
The favorite hat worn by Abraham Lin
coln was a tall "stovepipe." It had been
described as a foot high, with a brim
almost as wide as a Southern sombrero.
Many anecJotes are connected with that
famous tall hat. In it Mr. Lincoln carried
many of his valuable papers, the briefs of
his law cases and other documents.
On the ni ht of Air. Lincoln's election
to the Prea dency, several ladies who had
gathered at the old homestead at Spring
held testified their glee by using the hat
as a football.
A few of us went over to assist Mrs.
Lincoln about the supDer which was to be
given some gentlemen who had come in
to hear the returns. It was aver midnight
before enough had been learned to warrant
the belief that our candidate was elected.
We went nearly wild with joy and con
gratulated Mr. Lincoln mest heartily.
Some one saw the famous "stovepipe"
in the hall, and seizing it threw it up to
the ceiling. Another caueht it, and then
it went tiie rounds until it fell to the floor,
when one gave it a kick, and then another
and another gave the hat a send-off until
it was so battered that it had lost all re-
semblance to its original shape. Mr. Lin
coln looked on and smiled good-naturedly
at the childish performance. — Youth's
Companion.
THEY ALL WANT SONNTAG
Manufacturers and Producers
Desire His Leader
ship.
Tb.9 Association Discusses Pare
Food and Convict
Labor.
A meeting of the board of directors of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation was held in tho Mills building last
evening.
At the outset the president stated that
Mr. Green of the American Condensed
Milk Company, who was a member of the
association, believed that the chemist of
the Board of Health had committed an
error in making an analysis of his product,
and wished a committee of the body, in
conjunction with a representative of the
Board of Health, to visit his factory, situ
ated twelve miles from San Rafael, and
see the process of condensing the milk
and the kind used.
All present expressed (heir conQdence
in botli Mr. Green's product and tho hon
est intention of the Board of Health, and
in order to five the matter the fullest
investigation Messrs. Kerr, Lewis and
Jacobs were appointed a committee tocon
fer with the Board of H-altli with regard
:o making a trip to Mr. Green's factory for
the purpose named on Sunday next.
The State Analyst will also be requested
to make a chemical examination of Mr.
Green's milk from any samples now in
the possession of Dodge, Sweeney & Co.,
local agents.
Mr. Sonntag then expressed his regrets
that ne could not act as president for the
ensuing term, des-pite a unanimous re
quest, on account of his private affairs
monopolizing his time.
Every member arose in turn and ear
nestly requested Mr. Sonntag to reconsider
bis decision, their remarks beinij to the
eft ct that he could not be spart-d.
At the conclusion of his remarks, wnich
were ajiplau'Jea, Mr. Kerr offered a reso
lution tuai the directors of Mr. Sonnta's
cmipany be petitioned to pram him the
time necessary to retain his position as
president. It was adopted unanimously.
A final decision was reached that the
call for the Pure Food Congress Le made
for April 22, anil that all industrial bodies
anu all county Boards of Health and Su
pervisors be invited to send delegates.
Hr Slaj'tty Contribute* Again.
LONDON, Esq., March 11.— Though the
Queen has already contributed the sum
of £500 to the India famine fund, her
Majesty, upon learning that the distress
in the faoiine-stricuen coui.try is likely to
be vastly more widespread than at first
expected, has forwarded to the Lord
Mayor an additional £500 to be applied to
i lie fund v.hifh was started by the Lord
Mayor some time ago. The fund has now
reached fia sum of £411,000.
Always the best specs and eyeglasses. Ber
tellng Optical Cpmpany, 14-16 Kearuy st. •
TROUBLE AHEAD IN
LABOR CIRCLES
Large Jcbs Declared Unfair
by the Trades
Council.
Non-Union Men Are Working
on the Niw Aifiliated
Colleges.
High School, Hall of Justice, Ferry
Depot and City Hall Are Also
Under the Ban.
When the spring opens there will with
out doubt be a decided Improvement in
the i/uilding lines that will furnish em
ployment to large numbers of working
men. The Affiliated Colleges, tlie ferry
depot, the Hall of Justice, the High
School and perhaps the new Postoflice, to
say nothuigof many large and small pri
vate structures, Rive hope for a prosperous
your in many re-pects.
However, accompany ing the^e bright
prospects there is also a prospect of
trouble ahead. Several of the big build-
ings mentioned are already under con
struction and the clouds have begun to
gather in labor circles.
The first cojrap iaint was made by the
Laborers' Protective Association at its
meeting held on Wednesday evening, at
which it was stated that non-nnion labor
ers are being employed on the Affiliated
Colleges buildings.
Last evening at the meeting of the
Building Trades Council this matter was
brought up by the newJy seated delegates
from the Laborers' Protective Union.
Other delegmes reported the High School,
Hall of Justice, ferry depot ana the City
Hall roofing ac unfair jobs. They stated
that non-union men are at work on ail of
these places and that union men have
little or no chanc9 with th^ contractors.
The latter, the delegates Baid, are taking
advantage of the army of unemployed and
unorganized whch is now in the City to
give the unions a tieht or nt least to defy
the unions' claims lor consideration.
The council, however, decided not 'to
take any hasty action in the premL-es and
do anyth:ng that mi^ht have to be un
done or regreited later on. In order to
proce»d with care a committee consisting
of \V. M. Page, L F. Danfortn and J. Jor
gensen was appointed to make a careful
investigation, and J. T. McCann was ap
pointed as a special representative of the
council to assist the committee and to in
vestigate on his own account. Mr. Mc-
Cann will gather statistics ur.on all labor
matters pertaining to these several jobs
and make a report n< it Thursday even
ing, when action will be taken by the
council.
The employment of non-nnion men on
the colleges and ferry building will be
called to ihe attention of Governor Bucid
and the Board of Resents by the council,
and the request wiil be made thai work be
done by union men for union wages and
on the legal time — eight hours.
The same course will be taken with
reference to the High School and the Hall
of Justice.
While all of these proceedings will be
carried od in a quiet, earnest manner they
a»e also significant. During the troubles
of last spring and summer the workmen
of this City became well organized, and
to-day the union* are in a better position
financially and as to members ttiau they
were a year ato. Unless an amicable un
derstanding is arrived at before very lons
it is not unlikely that the unions will take
a firm stand in demanding their rights.
THE CONTRACTORS' SIDE.
Deny Having Discharged Union
Workmen From the Affiliated
Colleges Job.
In yesterday's Call was a report of the
meeting of the Laborers' Protective Asso
ciation, at wh.ch it was stated that union
men had been compelled to gui; work at
the Affiliated Colleges an l that it was the
evident intention of the Kae Building and
Contract Company, contractors, to give
the preference to non-union men. H.
"Whittle, the vice-president of the com
pany, and F. Smith, the secretary, yester
day denied that sucn was or is the case.
Mr. Whittle said:
"The situation is this: We prefer union
men and we are raying them union
wai;es — hodcarriers $3 a day and brick
layers $5. Occasionally the reeents and
our personal friends ask us to put some of.
their friends to work, and frequently we
are not in a position to refuse their re
quests. When we do put such men to
work we pay them what t.';ey are worth,
even full union rate* if they are wortn it.
"Recently we put on some laborers who
do not not "belong to the union, and the
union men refused to wort with them.
Two union men quit on Tuesday morning.
They are tine workmen, and we were
sorry to have them leave us, for they had
b 'en with v* for a long time. However,
we cannot afford to compel a man to pay
$30 to be initiated into a uniou when he is
only making from $2 to $3 a day. We
don't want any trouble with the union,
but wo will hire whomever we please, but
we prefer union men to any others."
MITCHELL'S FINE STROKE
The Crackerjack Amateur Bi>
liardist Showed His Play
Last N ght.
Opening of the Fourteen«lnch Balk-
Line Tournament at the Occidental
Hotel Paricr3.
The amateur billiard tournament for the
trophies offered by the Occidental Hotel
and the Brunswick Balke - Collender
Company, opened last night in the rooms
of the Occidental Hotel, introducing the
phenomenonal player, Mitchell, to a Cali
fornia audience.
Mitchell is the new "wizard" who, al
though in the amateur ranks, has shown
a touch fully as delicate a\d accurate as
Schaeffer, Vignaux, Ives and Slosson. He
and Heinecke are rated as the best bil
liard-players in this City, and are put
down as the scratch players in this tourna
meat. j
The games last night were between"
Burna and Thompson, the Jatter playing
250 points to Burns' 225.
It wa* evident that the handicap was too
heavy, a* Thompjon made but 224 points
to Burns' 225.
Burns' best ran was 23 and Thompson's
18, and the averag* was Burns 4.62,
Thompson 4.82.
The 1< sing man, having had one innina
less than his opponent, made the best
average, nn excellent one for amateurs in
a 11-inch balkiino game.
The second came, between Mitchell, 300
points, and Lnwi?', 175 points, was simply
exercise for Mitchell. He showed the ex
cellence of his work in many ways and
won handily, making his score in forty
three innings with a top run of 65 and an
average oi 6,9.
Lewis' best run was 13 and his score 148,
making an average oi Z%.
All the games will be played attheJU
inch balkline.
Ben Say. or, referee.
ANOTHER RACE AGAINST DEATH.
Robert Treat Payne's Heroic but Futile
Effort io Reach Home Before
Hs Wife Died.
NEW YORK, S. V.. March 11.— Robert
Treat Payne, the Boston millionaire and
philanthropist, passed through this city
yesterday on his chartered train from
Washington to Boston, where his wife lay
dying.
The train on which he traveled was
composed of an engine and one car, fur
nished by the Philadelphia, Wilmington
and Baltimore Railroad. The train met
him at Mansas?, Va.. und it is said accord
ing to the terms of bis agreement with
the roilioad company he is to pay a big
bonus for every minute chopped off the
record.
The run between Washington and Grays
Ferry, Pa., was covered in 13.' minutes
and the run of thirty-four miles from Per
ryvilie to Wilmington was made in thirty
minutes. Mr. P;tyne arrived in Jersey
City at 1:05 a. m. to-day.
He crossed the ferry to this city, where
a carnage was in waiting, and he was
whirled away to the Gratia Central
Station. He reached there at 2:26 a.m.,
and a special train which was la waiting
to take him to Boston started two minutes
later, orders having been given to the
engineer io try and beat the lecord.
New Haven was reached at 6:54 a.m.
and Boston at 8 a. m., the run having been
made live minutes faster than the lmited
express time. The cos' of the service be
tween N»w York and Boston waa $500.
Mr. Payne's trip was all in vain, for
Mrs. Payne die! yesterday.
The impatient traveler received the tele
gram while his special was speeding
through Wilmington, Del., but he kept on
and reached his home as speedily as steam
could carry him.
DEATH OF GUSTAV SUTRO
The Aged Pioneer Capitalist
Passed Peacefully Away
Last Night
Heart Failure Overtook Him In His
S xty-Ninth Year— Well Known
in This City.
Gustftv Sutro, the capitalist, died at his
residence, at 1718 Pine street, last nighi.
Heart failure was the cause <>f death.
When he passed away be was sur
rounded by his family, which consists of
Mr--. Therese Sutro and his children,
Chnrles, Helen, Olga and Emil. His
death was not unexpected, for he had
been 111 for several days, and, at his ad
vanced age, the family was prepared for
the worst.
Dr. D. W. Montgomery of 1124 Slitter
street was in attendance, and was with
the patient to 'he last.
Gustav Sutro was well and favorably
known in tbis City. He was a cousin of
ex-Mayor Adolph Sutro, with whom be
was in business on several occasions.
He was prominently Known at one time
as one of the promoters and owners of the
steam railroad that runs bet we- n the end
of Cal fornia street and the Cliff House.
By careful management of his affairs Mr.
Sutro amassed a considerable fortune.
Deceased was a native of Aix la Cha
pelle, Germany, Rnd tiis age was 69 years
4 months and 19 day?. He came to this
Mate m early days and has r«. sided most
of the time in San Francisco.
Fung Titii'i hand's Blisaion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March IL— The
very limited Chinese colony in Washing
ton is somewhat excited to-night because
of the knowledge that has reached that
element of Washington society that
Fung Yung Hand, Chinese Consul-Gen
eral, Mationed at San Francisco, is in the
city. His mission is the subject of various
surmise?, but the fact is outside of dispute
that his idea was in reierence to the local
"highbinder" troubles that recently ex
tended to fatal results in San Francisco.
The Consul-General called upon the
Chinese Minister to-day, but whatever the
result of the audience was, it is shrouued
in the usual Oriental mystery.
Sauinlitu Culprit fined.
SAUSALITO. Cal., March 11.— Jem
Cbristensen, who was founa guilty of ap
plying vulgar language to one of Sausa
lito's ladies and who made the defense
that the vulgar term was tne name of the
laiuily cat and that lie was not addressing
the woman but waa calling the cat, was
up before Recorder Pry or to-day for sen
tence. The court lined him |20 and g*ve
Christensen until to-morrow at 2 o'clock
to pay the line or go to jail for twenty
days.
Era Sooth Hick Unto Death.
TORONTO, Ont.. March 11.— Miss Era
Booth, commander of the Salvation Army
iorces in Canada, is dangerously ill and
her recovery is doubtful.
Three weeks a>:o, after service in the
army temple of this city, she was sud
denly taken ill, and lier condition was ao
serious that removal to ncr house was im
possible. An office in the temple was con
verted into a temporary hospital, where
she still lies.
JflW TC-DAT-DHT GOOD*, j ,
GDTTM AND SLASHING LEADERS
— IN*
Ladies', Gents' and Children's
UNDERWEAR, HOSIERY,
CORSETS, ETC.
40c Ladles' bllk-trimmea Kgyp- Gents' Gray Wool Vesta and 26c Children* Heavy Klbb'd
tian Bibbed Vests and Draw- Drawers 45c Dnnble Knee and i>"t Iron-
ers. 350 ___ clad Hose 150
■ Gents' Gray Cotton and Wool
Ladles' Natural Gray Woolen Mixed Vests and Drawers 25c 400 r iiiiran'« Flrece- lined
Vests and Diawers 4oc • Heavy nibbed Veils and
.. . „ ~~~7.  .. w 75c Grade Gents' Vicuna Merino Drawers 25c
Ladles' Coi ton Kibbed Vests. .sc Vests and Drawers 50c \ V :"\ ;
15c Ladles' I'ul. -finished Fast . 75c Children's All-wool Gray
Black Cotton Hose 10c 35c Vnlaun 'ript Shirts, double Shins and Drawers. ....... 500
.■'"-- . : lronland bacß 3jc .."-,■■.
25c Ladies' Full regular Herms-  -,^,. ■ _ ,_,,.: '
dort Black Cotton Hose. 15c _. . 15c Children Heavy Ribbed
. - 50c Utlaundrled Shirts, Fr'da? ■ Black Cotton Hose, seamless..
$3 Thomson's D. Celebrated and Saturday at 33V^ • 10c
Drab Corset, to close 91.50 "SSSfK^S — — .
™ a^An it T" nor r- nr GCDtB> S «» m1 " 3 Cot ' on Boclc %- ■ Gents' Lamb's - wool Scarlet
7 se.?C\ F andTab ßC -.. C .4 C 5 r c :'"i±iZrrr -- 5C Ye : 8 and Drawer ......,. «oo
. 25c Gray Wool .Socks 15c — —
75c Lad 1 1 Muslin Nightgowns Generated Glastenburg Vests
..........50c 75c Gents' White Dress Shirts. and Drawers ....Si.^s
• . • ' 're-enforced.'..... ~.500
All-wool Swiss-ribbed Ladles' :• \ .
Vests and Jt'ants.... 750 BOc Driving Gloves .Zso Embroidery Silks, all shades. sc
FRIDAY ANDSATIRDAY SPECIALS
JAMES M. MORAN & CO
1009, 1011, I^l3, 1015 MARKET STREET, NEAR SIXTH,
BET. -SIXTH AND SEVENTH,
OFFICIAL ARMS
PROVED STRONG
Men With Titles Patrioti
cally Swing Hammers
Hard.
So the First Rivet in the Bat
tleship Wisconsin Was
Driven In.
Admiral Kirkland, G?neral Forsytb,
M tyor Pue an and Hugh Craig
Worked With a Will.
Patriotism inspired Mayor Phelan and
several other distinguished citizens to
toil Ike village blacksmiths yesterday,
and several horny-handed sons of toil who
stood by and watched toe Mayor's good
right arm at work and saw the drops of
honest sweat dropping from the Mayor's
manly brow made admirLig remarks aft
erward snch a3 —
"Great sight that."
"Bet yer life, if 'Jimmy' drove rivets
awhile to get his hand in he could hold
up his end with the Dest of us."
The occasion was interesting, being the
driving of the first rivet into the new
armed battle-ship Wisconsin, which in
three years will be ready to plow the briny
main, the biggest of all Uncle Sam's white
navy. It is just three months since work
was begun on the armed battle-ship No.
9, as the Wisconsin is officially designated,
and yesterday was practically the begin
ning of the ship's construction.
A lew leading citizens naa been invited
to be present and all the foreign Consuls
had received invitations. The morning
dress of the visitors was liveued up here
and there by the glitter of gilt bullion
that adorned the caps and coats of officers
irom the Presidio and Angel Island.
The first rivet was to have been driven
at 11 A. m., but it was nearly noon before
the guests bad found one another it the
big yard. Without any formality Irving
M. Scott If d the way to tne platform of
rough planks erected for the occasion. It
was about amidships and to reach it the
guests had to pick their way through the
huge iron skeleton of the ship, which
towered above them and stretched out be
fore and behind, 368 feet long and neariy
63 feet wide— a disjointed skeleton, resting
oa wooden supports and waiting lor the
first link to rivet it together.
Every one crowded round to see who
would take the tirst hand at the Job of
riveting. The Mayor smiled and leisurely
drew off his natty gloves to be ready for
action and tne horny-handed sons of toil
at this signal handed him a red-hot rivet,
which he took firmly at the end of a Ion??
pair of pincers and held it with the firm
ness and decision of a veteran, while Ad
miral W. A. Kirkland and General For
syih took turns at beating it in with
mighty strokes of the hammer.
Not having had extensive experience in
rivet-driving, the son of Neptune and the
son of Mars hit the iron plbte a great deal
oftener than they hit the nail, but they
worked till the drops of inspiration stood
I out in bjads on tneir brows, and tne spec
tators murmured with satisfaction and
encouragement earh time they hit the
nail on the head. The Mayor also took a
1 hana, and Hugh Craig and H. T. Scott,
I who came in ou the nonce 6tretch, coni
i pleted tne job.
As soon as the rivel was finished, the
horny-handed sons of toil had their brief
moment or triumph. Admiral Kirkland
and General Forsylh, the Mayor, Hugh
Craig, H. T. Scott and all the visitors who
had watched their performance stood by
admiringly while the riveting gang showed
how the job ought to be clone with the
i greatest possible neatness and dispatch,
i That ende i the ceremonies. There were
| no speeches, and all the congratulations
tendered to the amateur rivet-drivers were
of an informal and personal nature, but
! until the Wisconsin is ready to plow the
I billows, the tale will be tola und retold at
| the Union Iron Works, of how Admiral
I Kirkland, General Forsyth, Hugh Craig,
i H. T. Scott, and last but not least. Mayor
I Phelan, drove the fust rivet in armed bat
tle-snip No. 9.
Among those present were Constructor
Capp and his assistants, Constructor
Kuhmand Constructor Snow, represent
ing the Government; Professor Davidson,
Horace G. Platt, Irving M. Scott and
Judge W. W. Morrow. Governor Budd
sent a telegram from Sacramento regret
ting his enforced absence. The following
foreign Consuls were invited:
J. L. Schleiden, Francis Korbel, Wilfrid B.
Chapman, Juan M. Luco, Fung Yung Heng,
Adolfo Ca.ial, Kafae. Gallecos, J. Simpson,
A ex F. Ballen, Adolph Kosenthal, Joseph
Warburton, Aug Uoustiaux. Miguel Carrlllo,
Charles T. Wilder, John T. Wrlcht, Saburo
Kuya, Alex K. Covey, P. J. Van Loben Sels, W.
L. Merry, R. B. Hule, Genrge E. P. Hall, I. da
Costa Duarte, Vladimir A. Artslmovitch, Eu
stoejlo Calderon, Jorge Madrilley, llenry
Lund, Anioine Borel, Jose Costa.
K'llmjy Mill Leave Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal..
March 11.— Professor V. L. Kellogg, one of
the popular professors in the department
of entomology, will go at the cio-e of this
semester to Europe for a year's study.
Professor T. Kincaid will take bis place.
Professor Kincaid is at present connected
wiih the Washington State University.
910
RUNNING HORSES
SHORT OF WORK
Four Favorites Beaten at
the Emeryville
Track.
Gyjceiver Captured the Two-
Year-O!d Event at
12 to I
Perseus Downed Morte Fonse Without
Mnch Effort— Etta H Had
Speed.
A bet cannot be placed with any degree
of certainty at the Emeryville track of
late. About one-third of the horses sent
to the post are short, and after showing a
sampie of their speed during the early
stages of the running, "blowup" and fall
back beaten. Tnis is not Bolely the fault
of trainers, for during the recent rainy
spell they were unable to work their
horses over the course across the bay.
Consequently when that track reopened
the horses stabled there during the Ingle
side meeting were unfit for any sort of a
pnnishinK lace. The roads in the vicinity
of the track are also unlit to train horses
on.
The attendance was pood yesterday,
and, as but two of the favorites won, the
ring had another profitable day.
Dr. G. went to the post a 6 to 5 favorite
for the opening event over a mile, and
after a very poor ride at Slaughter's hands i
finished second to Coda, a 5-to 1 chance. i
The hardest dump of the day was made
on the two-year-ola scramble, both (
Morana, the 9 to 10 favorite, and Jim
Brownell, the 5 to 2 second choice, ending
up in the rear division, after displaying a '
lamentable lack of speed. Gypceiver, a
10 to 1 shot, carrying Green Morris colors, ;
•won in romping fashion from Rey Salazar,
a2oto 1 outsider. Moringo, another long
shot, was third. ...
After receding Irom twos to 13 to 5 Her- |
manita took the third race at a mile very
cleverly. Koselle made the running up to
within a furlong from the wire, where
Martin shook the favorite up and she beat
the light-weight out a head.
A ton of coin went in on Perseus to win
the mile and a furlong selling affair, and
he never gave his bacKers cause for uneas
iness. Backed down to Ito 2 favoritism
Purser's gelding snowed the way through
out, winning by a couple of lengths from
Morte Fonse in I:s6}£. McLight was a
lair third.
After suffering many reverses Cella and
Sippy landed their first race since coming
to California with the old campaigner
Simmons. Backed down from sixes to
fours he led his field all tne way, down
ing Double Quick, the second choice, by a
couple of lengths. Caliente, the 6 to 5 j
favorite, was evidently short, finishing
outside of the money.
The Burns & Waterhouse colt, Osric 11,
went to the post a4to 5 choice for the
final six-furlong sprint, and after showing
his old-time speed for half the distance
cashed in. Etta H, played from 4t03t0 I.
then won easily from Lost Girl, a 7 to 1
chance.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, five-eighths of a mile, selling.
652 lnsttilatrix 105;(671)Adm Andrew. .lo7
667 Iron Jacket.... l2U 678 Miss Ross 114
bb7 Bourbon 116 672 Sea Spray 120
590 Chappie 107 470 MUe Klce 116
410 Myron 120 624 Last Chance 120
s'2'J Monitor 116 677 NS'oodland Belle 102
677 Setg^ried 104 (697) Sir lticnard 120
b7B Candor 118
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, three
year-olds.
673 Major Fludd ...1071 421 Greenieaf. 112
223 C«vallo 107 611 Peaceman 104
605 Dolore 107 673 Lena 107
337 Lupula. 102 1 673 Cogent 107
629 Laura Bart 107 673 Seven Up 104
670 Hallelujah. ....107 423 Tom Smith 112
661 Mistral II 112 673 .Defender. 107
610 Fort Augustus. lo7
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, maiden,
two-year-olds. . .
674 Truth 108 632 Charles Le Bel. 109
674 Thorpe 109 674 Little TO 104
620 Don Luis 103 560 Sadie Scbwarll. lo6
596 Fusil 108 646 Key El 5a1t0...105
06-' Mldgien 11l 646 Malka 106
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Thursday, March 11. Fifty-fifth Day of
** the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather bright. Track good.
662 Swannildo. 108; .... Andrea 110
662 Eroicu ]<)4i 074 OldJuck 100
662 Loua Marie 10^ |
Fourth race, one and three-eighths miles; Bell
ing.
614 Ad. Spreckels..lO4 648 Hotspur. 100
6515 Palomaclta- 97! 678 i ortuna 107
665 Judge Denny.. .loo 1 (ii- Morle Fonse.
Fifth race, seven-eighths of a mile.
544 Zylpha 951 552 i ueno 100
340 Miss hrummel. 95 572 Charles A 110
664 Salvation 115 675 Applause 103
67J ssallif Clicquot. loo 664 Cisfi Day 118
654 Oeoige Mt.ler..llO[ 621 Installator 113
sixth race, one mile: selling.
676 Van. Doodle .. .110] 670 Basqull 9*
666 Summertime ..1(.8| 634 .Nebula 91
675 ivriiimelu 110 (676) Lincoln II 99
Seventh race, three-quarters of nmie.
671 Tulare 104 684 Attlcus 109
524 ron Ciarencio .112 ! 669 Mrs. :• hade 107
611 M. Clicquot 107 611'lryst H>2
611 May 102 671 Si. Distaff 107
580 Viking 109 637 Karanja 107
SELECTIONS FOX TO-DAY.
First race— Woodland Belle, Selgfrled,
Adam Andrew.
Second race— Greenleaf, Defender, Tom
Smith.
Third race— Key El Salto, tittle T G,
Thorpe.
Fourth race- Judge Denny, Hotspur,
Monte Fonse.
Fifth race— Sallle Clicquot, Instal
lator, Bneno.
Sixth race — Summertime, Yaukee
Doodle, Nebula.
Seventh race— Viking, Slay X, Sirs.
Shade. ______^_____
RUSSELL ALL BROKEN UP
Supervisors Surprised the Clerk
of the Board on His
Birthday.
Complimentary Preambe and Reso
lutions Followed Up by a
Presentation.
John A. Russell, clerit of the Board of
Supervisors, yesterday celebrated his
sixty-fifth birthday. By accident the Su
pervisors wbo constitute the Committee
on Streets heard of the fact and prepared
to give him a pleasant surprise in tne
shape of a gilt and some resolutions, the
latter bein^ the handiwork of Jack Bon
net, who gladly co-operated with the com
mittee. The wort of the Street Commit
tee was really done, when a queer-looking
document came to Clerk Russell to read.
Mr. Russell puzzled over it, and after a
little found out that it referred to him.
Then Chairman Devany of the Street
Committee came to the rescue and read
the following:
Whereas, Father Time having vouchsafed
the veteran clerk of tne Board of Supervisors
of this City and County tne attainment of liis
sixty-fifth birthday without the loss of any
thing more serious than the capillary adorn
ment of his venerable head, the members of
the Street Committee feel that they should at
this time felicitate themselves npon their good
fortune in having a man of such genial nature,
patient and painstaking disposition, sterling
integrity and exceptional fitness for the
duties of his important office to assist and
guide them iv the periormauce of their official
labors; and, whereas, it 1* the desire 01 the
members of this committee that John A.
Russell should continue to assist in their
| deliberations for an indefinite period or, at
least, until all the streets on the official map
have been accepted, and tne proposed sewer
| system south of the park completed and the
Battle Mountain controversy settled, there
fore
Resolved, That the tenure of office of the
present clerk of the Board of Supervisors be
and the same is hereby extended indefinitely,
and Father Time is hereby requested to take
notice; ana be it further
fiesolved, That the members of the Street
Committee join in the bestowal upon their
worthy clerk of a small token ot their esteem,
hoping that it will enable him in future years
to recall with some degree of pleasure the
sixty-fifth anniversary of nls birth, which was
reached after a quarter of a century of loilh
ful service in the interest of the public.
This was followed up with the presenta
tion of a gold matchbox.
Mr. Russell answered as best he could,
but there was an appearance of moisture
just under his eye-glasses and he was
really "all broken up." But what he said
brought out a round of applause.
Cut Government Timber.
Suit was entered in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday by the United States against
David W. Jones, a mill-owner and timberman
of Siskiyou County, to recover $(51520. The
complaint alleges thai Jones cut a large num
ber of trees on Government land and that he
is liable for damages in the sura mentioned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
NEW QUARTERS FOR
THE PRESS CLUB
They Are Soon to Bs Lo
cated in the Eehlow
Building.
A Sky-Scraping Edifice That
Will Be a Credit to
This City.
To Be Built on the Old Site of the
St. Mark's Church, Facing
Unicn Sqjiare.
C. J. Behlow, vice-president of the H.
Liebes Company, contemplates the erec
tion of another ''sky-scraper" buildinc, on
the site of the old St. Mark's German
Lutheran Church on Geary street, near
Powell.
The location faces Union square and is
almost opposite the building of the Pacific
Union Club.
The only hitch in the immediate con-
TO ADORN GEARY STREET.
The handsome eight-story stone and brick building ?oon to ba erected by Charles
J. Behlow, vice-president of H. Liebos <fe Co., furriers. Tne eciiJ'ice will occupy the
site of the old St. Mark's German Evanpeiicnl Lutheran Church on Geary street,
between Powell and Stockton, facing Union square.
struction of the edifice is Mr. BehloTv's
hesitation in choosing from the designs
and plans submitted by numberless archi
tects the one that pleases him most.
No limit has been placel on the cost,
providing the structure is modern in its
conveniences and handsome it its appear
ance.
In Mr. Behlow's undecided state of
mind as to choice he is inclined to leave
judgment in the hands of his prospective
tenant?, among whom is the San Fran
cisco Press Club. The members of ihat
organization are decidedly critical, and
■when they arrive at a conclusion it is
quite likely that the finest building in
tne City will be started on its way to the
skies.
At the present time, subject to recon
sideration,' However, the design presented
by M. J. Lyon, the architect, seems to
have the preference.
It represents an eight-story fireproof
structure, 130 feet higij, S~l{ leet Irontage
and 137^ feet deep.
Tne lower floors front are to be faced
with polished granite and the balance of
the building wiil be of terra-cotia and buff
brick.
The entrance proper leading to the ele
vators and stairways are to be of onyx ana
bronze.
On either side of the main entrance will
be a thirty-eight loot archway for store
purposes.
Three stories above these archrs will bo
used for offices, with nine windows facing
tne square.
Two stories will be devoted to apart
ments, each comprising a bedroom, a par
lor, bath, lobby and hallway. These
apartments are to be bo arranged that any
number of them, from two to twelve, may
be thrown into one vast apartment if so
required.
The crownine piece of the structure is
the eighth story tho Press Club contem
plates occupying.
The Geary-street frontage is to be taken
up entirely by the grillroom on the east
erly corner, the smoking-room in the cen
ter of the building and a lounging-roorn
on the westerly corner. Back of the grill
room are to be the bar, pantry, three card
rooms and finally the immense jinksroom,
above which will tower a grand glass
dome.
On the other side, back of the lounging
room, are to be the directors' meeting
rooms and a cloakroom, from which a
stairway will reach the dome and roof,
wiw're it is proposed to have a garden.
Almost opposite the exit« from the two
elevators a vast New England ctrmney
placa will furnish place for immense flam
ing logs, disseminating warmth even to
that part of the building where callers are
to wait after sending in their cards to
members.
The entire building will be illuminated
by electricity.
COLONEL OF THE FIRST.
Election of James F. Smith to Suc
ceed Colonel William Macdonald,
IV ho Jieaicncd.
The election for colonel of the First
Regiment Infantry, Second Brigade. N.
G. C, was held in the regimental armory
last night, and the result was a surprise to
many.
Ever since the resignation of William
Macdonald as colonel of the First the im
pression prpvai:ed th.it Lieutenant-Colonel
Victor D. Dnboce would be elected to fill
the vacancy, and the only one mentioned
in opposition to him wat Major llnber, re
tired, jind that was the condition of affairs
until 8 o'clock last night, when the offi
cers who were favorable to Major Huber
held a caucus and found that thpy were
short four votes to seruro liis election.
Then they decided io place another name
before the board of officers.
When the meefiiig was called to order
Lieutennnt-Coionel Hansen, surgeon on
firieadier-Ueneral Warrield's Miff, pre
sided, and Major Tilden placed Lieuien
ant-Colonel Duboce in nomination and
briefly alluJed 10 his favorable record in
the vuard. The nomination was seconded
by Major Sime.
Then the opposition sprung its surprise.
Captain O'Neil nominated James F. Smith,
juiine advocate on the staff of the division
commander— Major-General James — and
the nomination was seconded by Captain
Warren.
A vote was then taken, and of the 38
votes cast Smith received 21 and Duboce
17. The first named wjis declared elected
colonel ( f the F.rst, and Major Sime, Cap
tain O'Neil and Captain Filmer were
named a committep to notify him.
Alter the vote was announced Major
Tiiden moved to make the election unani
mous and the motion was seconded by
Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce. The motion
was carried.
The new colonel entered the »uarri as a
private of Company F, Third Iniantry, in
1883. He then rose to be lieutenant, then
cnptain, after that major and iieutenant
cofonel of the regiment, and on July 25,
1896. he was appointed on the division
staff.
The matter of wonderment last night
was alter the vote was announced who the
four were that went over from Duboce to
Smith.
SMALLPOX OR CHICKEN-POX.
The Case of William Pear»on at the
Twenty-Sixth Strbet Hospital.
Willinm Pearson, 16 years old, supposed
to be suffering from chicken-pox, was re
moved to the Twenty-sixth Street Hos
pital from 86'J Market street on March 9.
The physicians baring charge of the case,
Dr. Hirschfelder, superintendent, Dr. Wil
liamson and Dr. Dudley, fear that the
patient is really a victim of smallpox, and
though the symptoms were not sufficiently
advanced yesterday to make a conclusive
■ iiagno3is possible they thought it udvisa
ble to have the patient conveyed to the
smallpox hospital, where he now Jies.
THE BURNS MONUMENT.
Spirited Sessioa of the Com
mittee Last
Night.
Movements Undtr V. ay Tending to
the Succes* tf the Patriotic
Undertaking
The Burns monument committee held a
short but spirited session at Scottish Hall
last night. The entire committee lias not
as yet been completed. There still re
main fourteen names to be added. Those
are to be selected by D. K. McNeil, James
McNaband JohnF. Kennedy, all of whom
have beon requested to at once make their
selections and noti:y the secretary. Y. C.
Lawson, at the auditor's f>ilice of Wells,
Fargo & Co.
There is a desire on the part of the exec
ut.ve committee of the Burns monument
to co-operate with the g^mes commlt.ee
of the Caledonian Club, which body will
hold weekly meetings, commencing next
we k, to make suitable arrangements for
the annual picnic, which will be held on
Saturday, May 29.
The naaie "01 Colonel William Mac-
Donald was presented by President Colin
M. Boyd and accepted. A letter of ac
ceptanc* was received from Robert Dick
son.
Chief D. R. McNeill of the Caledonian
Club stated tiiai the picnic of his club
this year would surpass anything hereto
fore attempted, as each and every mem
ber would resolve himself into a commit
tee of one to make the affair a decided
success. He had received a coaimunica
tionjfrom Thomas McKay of Dairy, Scot
land, the champion hammer-thrower of
the country, notifying him that he (Me
Kay) would cross the Atlantic and the
continent to dispute honors with Thoma-s
D. Carroll, the world's champion hammer
thrower, of the Cali.'donian Club 01 this
City. This, with oiher athletic sports of
which the Scotch people were the world's
leader?, would .be introduced at ihe com
inn festival.
First Chieftain John Reid stated that
be had in contemplation the giving of a
mammoth barbecue on the 29th of May.
The stock which it was propose! to slaugh
ter for this festivitl was now being put on
full diet. Several offers hail been recieyed
Irom prominent bnsiness houses donating
presents and prizes for the day.
George Davidson, real estate agent,
spoke in a most encouraging manner over
i he prospects oi rea izing a handsome sum
Irom the picnic.
Chairman C. M. Boyd fully coincided
with those views and stated" that every
mail brought words of encouragement
and offers of ai-si.sla.nce, both from men of
means and men of talent. All were
willing and ready to do what lay in their
power to assist the committee. With such
as-urance at this stage of the proceedings,
he saw no reason to doubt that the under
taking wouhi be a grand success and one
that every Scoichman and every lover of
poetry would be proud to look upon. The
comraittee meetings in the futuro will be
ai the call of the chair.
• — ♦ — • ,
Ships built of steel are said to be able to
carry 20 per cent more freight than those
of iron.
«■ ♦ — •
Bi'bseit'B Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery st -25c
THE CRUSADE
FOR PURE FOOD
First Legal Gun Fired in
Judga Campbell's
Court.
Demurrers Filed Against the
Complants on Various
Grounds.
Able Arguments of Counsel for the
D ff.-r nt Defendants and for
the Prosecution.
The first legal «;nn in the pure food cru
saue was tired in Judge Campbell's court
yesterday afternoon. There was an in
terested crowd in the courtroom, and the
arguments of counsel were listened to
with deep attention.
The defendants were represented by
able counsel. J. W. Dorsey appeared on
behalf of Chris Nuhrenberg, ex-Judge A.
A. Sanderson for J. Barclay Smith, Wai
J. Tu>kafor J. Levi, W. M. Sanderson for
A. Quade, and D. J. Donovan for William
Cline. Assistant District Attorney Joseph
J. Dunne appeared as special prosecutor.
On behalf of William Cline, who was
charged with selling an imitation of rasp
berry syrup, Attorney Donovan pleaded
not guilty and demanded a jury.
The case was set for trial Monday after
noon.
Then came the legal light. Attorney
Dorsey filed a demurrer to the complaint
against Chris Nuhrenberg, who was
charged with selling a brand of condensed
miik containing a mixture of glucose, and
having one-tnird of butter-fat extracted
from it.
It was alleged that the complaint was
defective on various grounds. There was
no allegation as to whether tho one-third
removed or the two-thirds remaining wa3
mixed with glucose or that the article
was injurious' to health. It could not be
an offense if it was not injurious to health.
There was no allegation that it was of
fered for sale with ''the intent to commit
an offense nor that it was offered for sale
as food, which was most essential.
After speaking at length on the various
points, Attorney Dorsey said that if there
was a conviciion the case would be ap
pealed to the higher courts.
Ex- Judge Sanderson tiled three demur
rers on betialf of J. Barclay Smith, who
was charged with selling two different
brands of condensed milk not having the
neces-ary fat and with selling honey
mixed with cane-sugar syrup. .Regarding
the milk, he contended that there was no
standard laid down in the adulterated
food act, and therefore there could be no
violation of tha law. In regard to the
honey, who ruined it with sugar-cane
syrup? It was probably the bees them
selves.
Attorney Wai J. Tuska followed with a
demurrer on beiialf of J. Levi, a whole
sale merchant, who was charged with sell
ing adulterated lood in the shape of potted
meats. He took the ground that as the
cans came to the wholesaler hermetically
sealed, and he could not therefoie know
ingly be iiware of the condition of the
contents, he could not be charged with
violating the law. The law provided that
a sample should be submitted for analysis,
bin this had not been done. He ingeni
ously argued that different people had
different lasies in regard to meat, some
preferring the fresh and others when it
was "paniey," and who could say what
was and what was not tainted meat.
A'.torney M. W. Sanderson submitted a
demurrer on bcliall of A. Quade, cliarerd
with celling evaporated cream which did
not contain the necessary ingredients. He
argued on similar lines to the others.
Assistant District. Attorney Dunne re
plied to the arguments of tne attorneys
lor the defendants. He pointed out that
in different States there were laws similar
in character to tiieone here governing the
sale of Eduiterated food and the courts
had laid down the law applicable to such
cases. In his opinion there were only two
iacts to be proved — was there a sale? and
did they sell articles that were adul
terated? Unless the defendants could
show that there was no sale and t- at if
there was a sale that the articles were not
adulterated there must be a conviction.
In the case of food there were seven of
fenses laid down, as lollows: First, mix
ture, something mixed with an article
originally pure; second, substitution,'
where an inferior or cneaper substance is
substituted; third, abstraction, where a
valuab.e or necessary constituent, wholiy
or in part, is abstracted; fourth, if an
imitation of another articie is sold in the
name of another; fifth, where an article
is sold which conies lrom a source that is
putrid; sixth, if an article is coated, pol
ished, colored or powdered whereby it is
made to appear better than it really is ;
seventh, if an article of food contains
any ingredient which is injurious to
health.
He ,vould take the broad ground that
knowledge or lack of knowledge on the
part of the vender was a wholiy false
quantity and cut no figure in the case be
cause tne vender was bound at his peril to
know that the articles be offers for sale
are not adulterated. He would even go
further and contend that if the vender
was at) oiutely innocent he must be con
victed because criminal intent was a false
quantity. Two defenses could only be
offered, either that they did not sell or
that the lood was not adulterated.
Referring 10 the demurrers, he said that
the most valuable point raised was that
the coinpluint did not allege "being sold
c s articles of food. " Replying to that, he
cited a decision in the Ohio courts that
the complaint need not allege that the
article was sold as human lood.
Afier further argument the Judge sug
gested that new complaints should be
drawn out that would be satisfactory to
the defense, but neither side was willing
to agree to tne proposition and the Judge
said he would give- his decision on the de
murrers on Monday before the jury trial
in Cline's case was commenced. All the
other cases were continued till Monday.
FRATERNAL FELLOWSHIP.
Notes of the National Union — A New
Circle of Companions Insti
tuted
Peralta Council No. 7G9 is now firmly es
tablished, having received its charter last
week.
Pacific Council has purchased a complete
new outfit for giving all the degrees and has
organized an initiating team and engaged n
new organist. At the last meeting the new
tolders were distributed, containing a list of
the members— ll6 in all. A "Indies' nigiu"
will be given beiore this month is out.
Golden Gnte Council has just issued a hand
pome new f >lcler and roster, showing a mem
bership of 182. At its meeting Tuesday even
ing one ca tlidate was initiated. A number
of new features will soon lie Introduced to
make the meetings more interesting. At the
close of the meeting light refreshments were
served at the expense of the president, N. R.
Arter.
.Companion* of the Foroiit.
A new order of the Companions of the Forest,
branch of the A. O. F. Friendly Society, was
instituted in Oakland on Wednesday night
with twenty- seven charter members by
Supreme Cbief Companion Mrs. S. Berenson
The following officers were installed:
Mrs. Elizabeth Norton, P. ■'. C. ; Mrs. Mac
Adams, C. C. ; Miss Short, S. C. C. ; Mrs. Eduu
Patton, treasurer; Miss Barnardina Schwarz, |
F. S ; Mrs. Holeu Lt-wfa, R. ; Mrs. May Cum
mins, K. G.; Mrs. Maggie Morrison, L. G. ; Mr-.
Louise Coffuy, J. G.; Mrs. Adina Lewis, O. G. ;
Dr. allies B. Taylor, physician.
Social Council, O. C. F.
Social Council No. 46, O. C. F., gave an en
tertainment and grab-bag party in Washing
ton Hall, Red Men's building, last night.
There was a great number present, and after
the programme there wus a great deal of fun
for those who drew prizes from the grab-bag.
The lollowing wes the programme rendered.
Piano soo. Miss A. Tisd*le: vocal solo, Miss
Mamie Schutler; recitation. A. Granger; vocal
duet, Harry Brown and Emma t-aiani>; mind
reading, Prof^sor Moel.er. The committee of
arranccments thai had charge of tins pleasant
nffair and the dnnce t»at followed whs com
posed of : Mrs. Kitie A. Adnms, Mrs. M. J. J.
Baccus, Mrs. Mh>- Garburmo, Mrs. M. A. Hob
son, Mrs. Kate Hilton, W. H. Stott, A. G. Biker,
Charles T. Dennis, Frank Übhaus, Charles X
Goodeil.
The Veteran Firemen.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Associa
tion, of which Joseph S. Marshall is president
and James Pennycook ts secretary, will give
an invitation promenade concert and ball in
Pioneer Hull on Saturday night. An excelleut
programme of musical selections has been
prepared lor the occasion.
Friend* or the Forest.
A new parlor of the Friends of the Forest
will shortly be instituted in the Richmond
district by the officers of Pioneer Parlor. It
expecis to have fiity charter m.-rubers.
l'ioneer Parlor hcr!ds an open meeting on the
last Tuesday of every month, at wnich ail
friends are welcome.
Lincoln Parlor initiated ten candidates at
its last-held meeting.
Diinghtora o f Liberty.
California Council No. 1, Daughters of Liberty,
gave a most enjoyable masquerade ball in So
cial Hall in the Shiels building last night.
Early in the evening the hall whs filled with
merry maskers, many of which wore novel
and others elegant and attractive costumes.
During the evening there was a large addition
to the attendance by the'arrival of the mem
bers of Starr King, Alexander Hamilton and
Abe Lincoln councils, Junior Order United
American Mechanics. The event, which was
productive of much amusement, was under
the supervision of the committee of arrange
ments, consisting of H. J, Hascie, Mrs. Eva
Hastie, Mrs. Trimble, Mrs. Olive Mehuish and |
Miss Grace L. Melluish, and the committee
was assisted by the following elective officers:
Mrs. Annie Mclntyre, councilor; Miss Emma
Cauters, vice-uounuilor; Miss P. Nolte. record
ing secretary ; Will Meadows, financial secre
tary; Mrs. Potter, treasurer.
A FAMOUS ATHLETE.
Arrival of Ex-Alderman Dunne,
a Champion Handball
Player.
He Will Contest Against Two Well-
Known Ball • Smashers
To- Day
Next to Phil Casey the greatest hand
ball-player of the world is ex-Alderman
James Dunno of Brooklyn, N. Y.
Mr. Dunne is now over 65 years of age
and does not look to b3 50 years, so well
is the athlete preserved. It is uot more
than a few months ago when Dunne and
Casey defeated the two champions of Chi
cago in bent seven out of eleven games of
21 aces. It was a contest of two old men
against two young men, and the old ones
came out victorious. The consideration
was $1000 a side and the double-handed
championship of the world.
Mr. Dunne arrived yesterday from New
York and wiil leave this City on Monday
evening for Carson in the company of Al
Smith, the stakeholder of the big tight,
and Colonel John Hopkins, the well
known manager of theatrical shows.
Yesterday Phil Ryan of the San Fran
cisco handball court received a visit from
Mr. Dunne, who played one game of ball, i
using the spheres he brought with him
from New York. The Eastern handballs
made by Phil Casey are smaller and more
springy than the balls used by the players
of this coast.
Mr. Dunne agreed to play a match game
thi-* afternoon, as a large number of the
lovers of handball are very anxious to see
him perform. The games arranged are
the best three out of rive, between Dunne
and Bonnet against Nealon and Lenihan.
The contests will take place this afternoon
at the San Francisco bull court, and, as
this may be the last opportumiy the de
votees of the game will have of seeing ex-
Alderman Dnnne punish a handball,
doubtless a large gathering will be present,
particularly as the admission to the court
will be :ree on this occasion.
Mr. Dunne says that the sports of New
York are nearly all strong Corbett men,
and that they will betlarge sums of money
when they learn positively from their
friends that the Californian is in condition
to go a hard race.
NEW TO-DAY.
ABOUT ELECTRIC BELTS.
17 VERY ONE KNOWS NOW THAT ELECTRICITY, WHEN PROP-
erly applied, is a cure for many forms of disease and weakness. Of
course every one knows that disease can't exist in the body while all its
functions are working well. If they are not working properly it is because
they are too weak to do so, and Electricity restores their vim and energy;
therefore the best way to apply electricity is the best cure. 1 Scientific men
say that an even, steady current applied for hours at a tim 9, the mild,
soothing current, is most effective. This is all in favor of the famous
Electric Belt,
It has been a recognized cure for many years. Dr. Sanden has devoted
30 years to its perfection, and it now has features, such as current reg-
ulator, insulated batteries, and non-irritating conductors, not found in
any other electric appliance on the market. For body wear, for con-
venience, power of current, effectiveness and durability (guaranteed one
year) it has no equal. None that have any merit are sold cheaper. On
this point, however, Dr. Sanden takes a decided stand. He will not
make a cheap belt, and will not sell one. It is the cheap, so-called elec- ,
trie belts that have caused whatever prejudice people have against the k
article. Like cheap jewelry, cheap electric belts are a fraud. Dr. f
•Sanden's are made to cure, and they do.
Did you read Dr. Sanden's boot, "Three Clashes of Men" ? It gives letters from
hundreds cured by this famous belt. Get it, free. Sealed by mail.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., KJ.c. M fiKi. & BESS
Office Hours — 8 A. M. to 8 P.M.; sur.days, LJ to I. hot .vn 40101 Uiiiej \ii)-k oouta iiro*il
way; Portland. Or.; 253 Washington •tree-.; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
AO'lJi.— make no mistake in the number— Market street Make note of it
DR. SANDEN'S KLKUTIiIt! TKU4* CUKES UUPXUKS, --
BROKERS OBJECT
TO RESTRICTIONS
Prospect of a Lively Time
in the Produce
Exchange.
A Proposed Amendment to the
Constitution to Be
Opposed.
.
Directors Aim to Cut Into the Oper.
aticns of the Bucket. Shop
. Manipulators.
i
_— — —
There is-every prospect of a lively time
in the Can Francisco Produce Exchange
on Monday next when the organization
meets in special session to consider a pro
posed change In the constitution of the
exchange.
The board of directors propose to amend
section 23 of article 5, so as to prohibit
members from having dealings of any
character with the outside concerns that,
in the parlance of the exchange, are called
"bucket-shops."
Not only are they not to deal with them,
but they are prohibited from giving them
information, receiving information from
them, and even from communicating with V
them. i
Should the amendment carry, the first^
offense will be punished by suspension
and the second by expulsion from the
exchange.
It is understood, however, that a bitter
fight is to -made against the amendment
by an element in the exchange that
objects to restrictions being placed about
its dealings and movements. These
brokers claim that the policy of the board
of directors is narrow-gauge and that if it
is allowed to dominate the members to too
great an extent the result will be dis
astrous to the interests of tho
organization.
"It is a well-understood fact," said a
prominent member, who did not care to
nave his name used, "that this amend
ment is directed particularly against one
bucket-shop which is doing a considerable
business. It is all very well to shut
bucKet-shop proprietors out of the ex
changeand this was done in the case of
the very man they are trying to down
but the members will not tolerate such re
strictions. The matter amounts to this:
"At the exchange no transactions are
allowed where the margin deposited is
less than $2SJO, while in these outside
houses operations that only require a few
dollars can be carried on.
"For some reason the directors|have got
it into their heads that if they run Hie
bucket-shops out of existence theexchango
will get the business they now transact.
This is not the case, for few of the bucket
shop operators hava $200 and could not
afford to deal through the exchange.
"I do not propose to be reported and
suspended if I meet a man on the street
and stop to talk to him. Yet such would
be the result should this pernicious amend
ment be allowed to go into our constitu
tion and by-laws. I anticipate a lively
seesion on Monday and feel sure that the
amendment will be defeated."
Ingleside Coursing.
Following is the drawing for the Ingleside
I coursing on Sunday :
Cronin & McDonald's Lissak vs. Bartel dk
Rosseter's Wayfarer, Merriwa kennel's Wattle
bloom vs. H. O'Connor's Lady Clifton,
I George Purkinson's Blue Rock v*. Luke? <fe
I Rock's Myrtle. James LatyN Beauty vs. (jeorga
I Paik nson's Fireman, M. Traynor's Flashiigut
I v*. Fort Costa kennel's Trump, T. Neenan'l
Fair View vs. T. Cooney's Hercules, J. Quant's
I Captain Morse vs. T. Gibson's Molly Bhwii, M.
i Fitzgibbon's Vanish vs. P. McCabe's St.
Cloud, Crouin &, McDonald's Sky Bull vs. Mlra
Monte kennel's Fire Ball, S. A. Portal's Kl
dridtre vs. Bartel & Ro>seter's Ben Hur, Bar
tel & Russeter'x santa AUciavs. Pori Cofta
kennel's Marguerite, Port Costa kennel's Tip
perary vs. S. A. Portal's Laurelwood, J. C.
Jones' Gaslight vs. M. Sullivan's Sir John Ar
not, Merriwa kennel's Minosa vs. D. Shannon's
Senorita. F. Cooney's Right Bower vs. T. Gib
son's Gripman. J. Seggerson's White Chief vs.
SI. Trnynor's Valley Maid.
Prize's— $bO, $25, $17 50, $17 5a
Next Wednesday (St. Patrick's day) there
will be a stake for dogs that have not won first,
second or third prize since th« opening ot the
park. The entrance fee will be $2 50. to
which the management. adds $50. The draw
will take p. ace at Delta Hall on Monday
evening.WILL THEY TAKE
A DOLLAR A DAY
Unemployed Debate Ex^
pected Pay for Boule
vard Work.
Las-Meeting Last Night and
Ta'k of Forming a Cor
poration.
Visionary Schemes nd a Bare Larier.
Wil R;g.ster To-Day for a
Ctiance to Work.
The unemployed ended yesterday with
a talkative mass-meeting that aid not ad
journ until an hour before midnight.
There was no meat in the iarder nor
any bread,. and there had not been all
day, but that was not what immediately
concerned the 630 men who sat or stood
in the big dingy nail at iheir headquar
ters. Seated behind a small table with
its poor little oil iamj> were the chief offi
cers of the organization, and ranged in
front in concentric rows were men seated,
j>nd further Laefc in the less certain light
men standing and craning forward over
hose in front eagerly attentive to each
tvpeaker's remarks. There were many
k. Id heads in the hatless throng.
The main discussion was what rate of
wages should maintain for the pro
; osed boulevard work. Some favored an
emphatic resolution to the effect that a.
( ; .<.!iar a day would not be sufficient But i
counsel prevailed, and it was de
cided not to enter a protest against some
g that had not yet been decided upon
by the citizens' relief coumitte.
Tins morning at 9 o'clock those of the
unemployed that wish to regis'.er for a
chance at the boulevard work will present
tnemselves at the building at the corner
of Sacramento and Leidesdorff street-,
opposite the What C^eer House, which
jiince has been secured by the citizens'
committee as a headquarters.
The men that register will also answer
the following questions: Are you mar
ried or single? How long have you been
in t-an Francisco? How long have you
t.een out of work? How many persons I
are dependent upon you for support?
Unmarried men will not be ruled against,
tis it is known that some of them have
others dependent upon them als ». The
Associated Charities, the Poiice Depart
ment, clergymen and the Salvation Army
will all be asked to assist in investigating
•lie cases ot applicants for work, so that
i he most deserving may be given employ
ment as soon as the boulevard is started,
and that may be next Monday.
The fund sesterday reached $6658, and
there are enough promising possibilities
i ! more in sight to make the total amount
practically $10,000.
When Presidt-nt .Leffingwell reported at I
the meeting last night that there is $233
on hand in the treasury of the unemployed
suggestions were launched from ail parts
or ihe motley crowd as to the disposition
tuat should be made of it, regardless of j
the consideration that the food supply is
vt-ry low and that daring the day it be
e me necessary to spend about $15 jor
potatoes and other supplies that failed to
come i:i through the former free chan
nels. Tne anarchistic element would buy
fiearm*.
Another proposition was for the pur- j
cause of proVi>:ons. Another was for the j
publication and circulation of socialistic
literature, advocating the idea t"at the
Government should provide work to tiiose
of:ts citizens tuat are unable to get it
otherwibe. Another yet would have the
money spent for dynamite bombs, with
wh:c:i to create an explosion that would
cause thinking tieopie to realize the grav
ity of tt:e bitua ion, and tne «i/nifi-janr.e
(.fan army ot men unable to get work.
None of these motions prevailed. Ihe
whole matter was laid uu the table.
A proposition that received more uni
form and thoughtful consideration was
one for the incorporation 01 Hie unem
ployed for the purpose of maintaining a
permanent home and a permanent em
ployment headquarters. A vacant ho:e!
somewhere on Fifteenth street was looked
upon a* a su table home. To the execu
tive committee was referred the matter of
drawing up articles of incorporation, to
be submitted at one of the eariy succeed
ing meetings.
During the day the relief committee
arted upon and relieved fifty cases of male
applicants for old ciothes and twelve cases
of f»male applicants. There was a fairly
supply of o'd c.othes to choose from,
but old shoes and underwear— the roost
sadly- n-ede i ■ articles — are very scarce.
Anything of such a nature will be gladly
received at headquarters, as there are
preat <md constant demands for under
cluthina and shoes. Three sick cases were
reported, and were furnished medical aid.
NEW LIGHTS FOfi VESSELS.
Present System Does Sot Give Sufficient
' o * o Insurance Ajjiin*: Collisions.
Increasing speed of ocean-going steam
craft is likely before long to necessitate a
radical change in the character of sailing
light?, says the New York Time?. The
red (port) and green (starboard) side
lights now u. ed on vessels at sea are re
quired by the rules of the road to be visible
' for two miles on a dark, clear night. The
» ile was made, however, when ten knots
mas good speed. Now twenty knots is not
' common.
Masthead lights used by steamers must
be visible for five miles on a dark, clear
night, but the lookout on another vessel
cannot i- 11 from the light the direction
in which the vessel carrying it is steam
• ing. To determine, therefore, what course
to take in order to keep clear of another
vessel the master must depend on the
side ligit-ts, which, as prescribed, under
the moat favorable conditions can be
• seen on two miles distant.,. In misty
weather, or in moonlight they cannot be
seen so far..
' Vessels going in opposite directions at
the rate. of twenty knots an hour are, of
5 course approaching each oiht-r at the rate |
of forty knota an hour. The time in which .
they cover the two miles between tnc j
points of -sighting and of -passing is shown
in the nroporlion as forty knots is to sixty
• minute?, two miles is to three minutes.
j In other word- there is only three minutes I
in which 'to change courses, if that is i
°" necessary, under the most favorable con- I
.ditions of visibility. . ,\
As the fast vessels are very long, they
S^eer slowly, and three minutes is but
'U^iJe time for action, while, it the nece.-
--§ sity occurs in the more prevalent weather
of moonlight or mist, the time is lessened.
The Pans some time ago, then the City
of 0 Paris wliiie bound into port and not
far from .Sandy Ho was in collision
with the British tramp ship Delano,
bound out. Both of these vessels carried
Hgnts that exceeded the requirement-*,
iyet they were unable to get out of each
A'jthc-r's way.
1 Another difficult? is met in the case of
salting vessels. They carry only side
■ lights, which are sometimes placed on the
forward rigging and sometimes on davits
at the quarterdeck. A sailing vessel has
the risht of way over a steamer. The
» Plant line steamship Mascot, bound from
o Boston to Bar Harbor, once ran into a
° tnree-maated ice schooner and cut off her
stern. Allowance had been made for the
. lights being aft at the quarterdeck. . When
it happened they were on the forward
shrouds.
Besides the questions of visibility and
position of lights there is another. The
sidelight of a vessel is partially boxed in,
but gives a radius of vision of 112}$ de
grees, or from dead ahead to two points
abaft the beam, there being l^A decrees
to a point of the compass. The exact di
rection of another ve^e/s course cannot
therefore be determined within that ra
dias.
A French admiral once got up a system
of lights in which various colors were
used, but it was so complicated that it
was rejected, and others since devised
have been rejected for the same reason, or
because of lacfc of visibility. Instantane
ous action requires simplicity.
Thp German Government some time ago
appointed a commission to study the visi
bility of lights at sea. It was found tiiat
a white li^ht of one-candle power was visi
ble 2600 yards on aclear night in a dark
atmosphere. If the weather was misty it
n-as visible one mile. Three-candle power
was visible two miles, ten-c:mdle power
four miles and nineteen-candie power live
miles.
A green light, with glass of pure green,
was visible with 1-candle-power at an
eighth of a mile, 2-candle-power at one
mile, 15-candle-power at 2 miles, 01-candie
power at three miles, and 106-candle
power at four miles. A red light, with a
glass of pure copper red, showed like re
sults.
Four miles would be a desirable dis
tance of visibility, but 106-candle-power
would be almost out of the question for
most vessels. As frequent changes in the
rules of the road in me matter 'of lights
would add to confusion, any scheme for
improvement must anticipate the most
sanguine estimate of future speed, which
may perhaps be figured at a four-day
journey across the Atlantic. The ques
tion is one that is of interest not alone to
mariners, ship-owners and shippers, but
to all immigrants and tourists, and,
through these, wHi-nigh everybody else.
The big Atian ie liners exceed require
ments in tne matter of visibility of lights,
while the majority of craft may fall short
cf requirements. Poor oil i u-ed on many
a tram and sailing-vessel, while lights are
often obscured by sail and gear.
An ideal system must be simple, pr6
vide for great risibility and indicate as
closely as possible the sruline direction.
IN THE MIKADO'S REALM.
Catastrophe to a S e"m?r in Haitang
Straits, in Wh eh 104 Men, Women
and Children Drown.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 11.— The
steamer Empress of India arrived this
morning from the Orient. A new ques
tion baa arisen in regard to the monetary
system, the Ministers of State and other
officials advocating an immediate change
to the gold standard. So far, however, no
official plan nas been brought forward,
though it fs seated that a biil will be sub
mitted to the diet during the present ses
sion for the proposed change in the cur
rency. Opinions appear to be divided on
the subject, officials generally advoca-ing
the change, while Osaka cotton manufac
turers and export merchants generally
are adverse to it.
Business generally remains very slack,
owing to the tightness of money and the
unsettled state of financial affairs.
A terrible accident happened on Satur
day, January 23, to a boat crossing the
Haitang Straits from HaiKao. She had
10S passengers on board, and when not far
from the Unhang shore sank from being
| overloaded. One hundred and four per
sons were drowned, among whom '.ere
j three children, the son and daugnters of
the chief pastor of tiie American Meth
odist churches in Haitang.
A.TJS tils UUO'S TAIL.
Peculiar Experience of a Prospector in
Jiriti*h Columbia, WMt* l^ott.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 11.— Here
is a plain tale from the nills. A pros
pector named Hughes was caught in a
"snowstorm near Lillboet, and losing his
way wandered about till his food was ex
hausted..
He found an abandoned hut at last and
lit a tire, bat there was nothing to eat,
and the gnawing of hunger caused him to
recall to his mind all the stories he ha-i
heard of shipwrecked crews and enforced
cannibalism. He staid her** two days.
His big. long-tailed do;:. Jack, had beiui
his constant companion since starting
out, and the thought struck him that
peruaps before reaching home be would
have to make a meal off his faithful
friend.
And why not commence with the doe's
caudal extremity. To make a long "tail"
short, a* it were, he took his prospector's
ax and in a minute the deed was done.
The dog's tail was toasted, and after
Hughes had replenished the inner man,
he threw the remains to Jack, who
eagerly devoured his own bones.
This cave both dog and man strength to
proceed and shortly after coming upon
marks that he knew Hughes was ere long
enjoying the warmth and comfort of the
Pioneer Home at Liliooet, and every time
it seemed too long between drinks that
evening old Jack wou:d wag his bloody
stump.
mUE I'CLLEO HIS WHISKERS.
Portland fl'oman 2«ci»f« a Lawyer's
lt*nrd for Jlerenye.
PORTLAND. Or., March 11.— L.
Nutting, a prominent lawyer of this city,
has lone, flowing whiskers , which he
guards with extreme care and jealous
pride.
But they have been made a conspicuous
mark for a woman named Mrs. Minnie
Ross, a former client of Nutting. See
claims she gave Nutting $100 a year or so
ago to carry a cas^ up to the Supreme
Court, but that instead he pocketed the
money and gave no attention to the mat
ter. She says she tried to get satisfaction
out of him but that he avoided her.
Last Saturday she assaulted t)iin on the
street and pave the whiskers a vigorous
twist. She liked it and tried it again thin
afternoon on a crowded street, Hue pulled
at the whiskers and scratched his face
until a policeman arrested both and took
them to the station in the patrol wagon.
KJLLED AJ JVH AMX ICSBUHii.
Hurry McCreary of Sacramento Acci
dentally Electrocuted in A/ricn.
SACRAMENTO, Cal , March 11. —
Robert McCrearv ol this city to-day re
ceived the news of the death of his brother,
llairv McCrearv, which ocenrred at Jo
hannesburg, South Africa, on the 124 th day
of last January.
Harry McCreary was 27 years old. He
was born and reared in this city. He was
the youngest son of Charles McCreary, a
well-known mill-owner. A few years ago
he went East and made a thorough study
of the science of electricity. He then de
cided to go to Johannesburg to seek his
fortune. Arriving there he accepted the
position of superintendent of the electri
cal department of one of the great mines.
The reported cause of his death is to the
effect, that: he. cume into contact with a
•'live" electric wire while at wort and was
instantly killed.
Victory for Taeoiua.
TACOMA, Wash, March 11 —There Is
considerable jubilation here over the news
that the Supreme Court of this State has
granted a rehearing of the $1,000,000
damage suit brought by the City of
Tacoma against the Tacoma Light aid
Water Company. Tne decision from
which a rehearing was granted set aside
the judgment in favor of the city for
nearly $800,000, because of fraud in the
sale of i ue iignt and water plant. The
petition openly charged Justice Gordon,
who wro;e the opinion, with misquo;ing
the record and citing evidence not in the
re.ord.
The oak tree wuicn stain's in the middle
of t'.e hi^h ri>aci leading from Leamington
to Warwick is said to mark the center of
England.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
CADETS WILL
GO INTO CAMP
Lowell High School Lads
Who Will Do Mili
tary Duty.
Their Tents Will Be Pitched
in the Niles Canyon in
Aiameda County.
The Young Soldiers Will Have Prac
ticai Instruction in Field Duty
for Five Days
As previously announced in the mili
tary department of The Call the Cadet
Corps, Lowell High School, attached to
the First Regiment Infantry, Second
Brigade, N. (i. C, will go into camp in
Niles Canyon, Aiameda County, during
the vacation week at the school.
The corps will have nearly sixty mem
bers at the camp. They will be under the
supervision of Major Sime of the First
Regiment. The elective officers of the
j corps are: L. E. Edwards, captain;
Georee M. Lipnian, first Ji» utenant, and J.
I A. Morgan, second lieutenant.
The camp will be Jaid out on the picnic
! ground in the canyon, and there will bo
j twenty-live tents, which have been loaned
to the cadets by Major Huber, retired, ln'.e
of the Second Artillery. This morning
the advance guard, consisting of First Ser
geant Evans, Servant Cowley, eorumib-
I sary; Corporal Bartlett, quartermaster,
| and Privates Berry, McDonald, Me
' Kowan, Reynold^, Bash and Auerbacli will
j leave by the 11 o'clock train for the camp
I site and pitch tents and prepare the camp
j for the ether cadets, who will follow on
Saturday morning.
The main body will cross by the ferry
i and ride as far as Hayward by steam and
I electric cars from Oakland Point, and
; from there will march to the camp about
; nine n;iles distant, reaching there in time
j for supper, and that night there will not
j he any military duty except guard mount.
Th« cadets will be in service uniform. It
is the purpose ot Captain Edwards that
tins shall be a military camu of instroc-
I iio:i in the strict sense of mat term. The
J cadets all under.-uai.d that and they have
given the officers their hearty and enthu
siastic approvn! of the i_iea. The captain
bus obtained from each of ihe cadets' par
j ents s. written consent that "tne bearer
shall report for duty at such time and place
as may be ordered by the proper officers.
The camp is to established with the
knowledce and consent of Lieutenant-
I Colonel Duboce, who has given the cadets
some excellent advice, and has rendered
them valuable assistance in the prepara
tion for ihe military outinc. He, how
ever, stipulated tiiat no iir^Vor shah bo
allowed and no bail cartridges shall be
taken. There will bo two phys'.cinns to
I Jook after t c cadets in case of sickness.
Lieutenant-Colonel Cluff, division com
missary, has provided for the cadets so
that they will nave all the rations that
they will requirf. The commissary de
partment wiil i-e uiHer the supervision of
Senzeant Cowley and Corporal Simon.
Tn<? cadets will meet the expends out of
the $400 yeariy allowed by the State. It
will be the first time that the company
has gone on its own hook for practical
instruction in field duty. The company
has on previous occasions been to a regi
mental or battalion camp, but this time,
being entirely independent, the members
propose to make the venture one that will
redound not only to their own credit, but
to the credit of the National Guard. After
Sunday there will he drill and full mili
tary routine daily. The camp will be open
to visitors during its continuance, an 1
sometime during the encampment L.eu
tenant-Colonei Duboce will pay it a visit,
when there will be a drill and inspection.
Professor Morton, principal ol the Lowel!
Hisrh School, where the cadets have their
armory, is an enthusiastic supporter of
the movement. He has done all in his
power to encourage his punils in their
undertaking, and he declarer t tint he felt
sure that It would prove beneficial to the
yoting men from a military as well as a
physical standpoint.
SHELLEY'S ODD WATS.
Some Light on the Great Poet's Va
garies.
His food consisted mainly of bread and
raisins. Broad, steeped 10 hot water and
sprinkled with sugar and nutmeg, which
he called panada, he devoured wiili avid
ity. Hogg relates, of a period slightly an
terior to this, many amusing inconsisten
cies. A certain dinner at (Shelley's lodg
ings had been a terrible failure. "Never
mind,' eaid Airs. Shelley, "we will have
muffins for tea." .
"Muffins!" said Shelley, in a tone of
agony, "they will butter them"; but when
they arrived buttered, he devoured them
with a relish.; .
On another occasion Shelley and Hoc:
were ai- a country inn. Roje ordered
bacon. Shelley was,plunged in grief and
gloom at the thought; but when ir ar
rived he Tose from his' plac» and plunged
a fork into the dish before Hog,^.
"So this is bacon!" said lie. "Well, it
is not so bad, after all." In a few mo
ments the dish was empty, and Hogg had
eaten little. Another and another dish
was produced until the bacon was ex
hausted, and they left the house. Shelley
gravely scolded the landlady for notbeinj.'
better supplied. Thence ; they hurried
bom*, and Shelley bur*t in unon his wile,
requiring that bacon should be instantly
produced in lure quantities. :.- ;.
Slielley had Home oddities In the way of
; friends. Mr. Newton was a philosopher
of the kind that Shelley loved. lie and his
family ate nothing but vegetables and
drank only distilled water. The five chil
dren were required to spend some hours cf
each forenoon without any clothes on—
nakedizinsr, as Mr. Newton called it — as a
return to primitive innocence. To these
agreeable orgies Shelley was often ad
mitted.
Huge relates that he cahed at the house
one day, and, mistaking him for Shelley,
the five babies came downstairs, just as
they were, to greet him. On seeing a
stranger "they uttered a piercing cry,
turned around and ran wildiy upstairs,
screaming aloud. The stairs presented the
appearance of a Jacob's ladder, with the
angeis ascending it, except that they
moved faster and made more noise than
the ordinary representatives of the pa
triarch indicate."— Mac in ilian' a Magazine.
THE STEAM WHISTLE.
The Useful Tooter Was Invented in the
Interest of the -Kj;g Trade.
It is told that the locomotive whistle
was invented because of the destruction of
a load of eggs. When locomotives were
first built the country roads were for the
most part crossed at grade and the engine
driver had no way of giving warning of his
approach except by blowing a tin horn. The
horn, it may be imagined, was far from
being sufficient warning. One day in the
year 1833 a farmer of Thornton was cross
ins: the railroad track on one of the country
roads with a great load of eggs and butter.
Just as he came out upon the track a train
approached. The engine man blew his
horn lustily, but the farmer did not hear
it. Eighty dozen of eges and fifty pounds
of butter were smashed into an indistin
guishable, unpleasant mass and mingled
with ihe kindling-wood to which tue
wagon was reductd. The railway com
-1 pany had to pay the farmer the value of
his wagon. It was considered a very se
rious matter, and straightway a director
of the company, Ashk-n Baxter by name,
went to Alton Grange, where George
Stephen^on lived, to see if he could not
invent something that would give a warn
ing more likely to be heard. Stephenson
• went to work and the next day
I had v contrivance which, when at
| taciiPti to the engine- hoiier and the
I steam turned on, gave a shrill
i discordant sound. The lailroad directors,
greatly delighted, ordered similar contriv
ances attached to all the locomotives, and
from that day tb this she voice of tue loco
motive whistle has never been silent.
Iron.
Tafs Clever retort.
An Englishman and an Irishman, trav
eling together on a tramcar, began to dis
cuss the merits of their respective coun
tries, and, becoming rather excited, were
cautioned by the conductor to Keep quiet.
In order to have a parting shot at the
Irishman, the Englishman said:
"Well, Fat, I suppo-e yuu must keep
quiothere; but if 1 had you in a forty
ucie field, I would make you run all over
it."
"Yee," replied Pat, "you would; but,
besorra, it's aft^r you I would be run
ning."—Spire Moments.
»EW TO-DAY.
TIME TO BtY GROCERIES^
! Many gay our Hams »re sn- Fancy Nut Bar. thin or ft A. Best Imported Pickles a a n
perior. Try the small size thickslabj, lb tillfj and Chow, 80c size..... -'II (* ES
picnic*, v-ry finest mild „ , ■ WVV - Vl - H
cur.d. 8-lh. biz s aud uu- r\a Our Mate iless Pure ' r Whole Black Singapore f a g
d.r per 1b..... 01 Mixed, r-gular Id. 30c. *lt\/> Sifted Pepper, lb . .... I lift Eg
 , . -J.W . 'J . on Mondays UVXJ ** *"' a
Macaroni is cheap and whole- J .... ... 13
some. «ur JJomestic _ Ix>wn -ys Cliocoa'.e . hole Nutmegs, new, a Bj
I equals imported when f\i> fl n-Bons. all flavors, t\(\ j» choice, ib o\J\> S
J nicely prepared, lb 01 ib... OVb . r;- Cholc. Table Rice, * 1
I Ackrrmaii'n Arionl* < , Out 8. U. s. ( alifornia Mild 1b... /ir H
PI Coffe- (Hlo), in the res?- I '»(» Swtet Fresh Rolled Oats, A H
7| uiarl-lb .packages, each *Wv in lois to suit, ib ....Aft Fidelity Ammonia, the | » H
fl Fun F'ne siroiigejt, pint jOe, I ••(*
P Pue"o^.lb r . U . •)>/, Uolden State ro'led Wheat, quart round Bar ft- I
i t/^extraquality S ar- "b' a ,i looa%a1 ooa%ac 8 h 1 :. tt :i2 2 > VX°* ' *-»^. 8 2-iC 1
I ainea,Ameritau,lui:ood|lli) *♦ " dt uw D -re for ||
I sweet oil, 3 cans for — 11/\J our Pineapple Drips best House L'midles, re.Milar ft" M
■ Mackerel, In Kits Fat Family syrup produced, 45c ealion. f mily sir.?, ;,0 for /.)(J Bj
I«1 "5 Hmill size v. ii 'i \\<s:orn Hefi.trv, for r* - House Brooms, each, a, , Oc £
1 chicken $1.00 *********..:< ( -JC BrOOnlB> eMh ' "| fa
I tO r?aFcoa CO ib flBhbone -6C iiomefaSCvd 'r?,.^ "olden Gate American, r 1
lesj, reaicoa, id ••J". V .l' many preterit, each.;, hllft or Imported Hate 'y9C H
■ Extra Fancy Small White ft . „ , V Matches, dozen boxes.... ■
M Bahlug Beans, lb.. ...... /(*. ( 'hoi,-e of 2i/ a -lb Tab c Aprl- MftTlfF H
X ■ UXJ cos or Peaches, or of Mb i>Ullt.L. n
3 Very Fine Ca'lfornia ft. .ins sliced Peaches, |a •'■ Our pure food detrionstra- H
51 >«et Prunes, meaty, ib. j)(; Apricots or Pineup. 10.. I lift tion counter ows many in- H
efi r. j c » • i „ *vv teresiiiiK goods tlii. week. H
gj l.andy CjpetlcllS. ba? Kiln Dry | - among them Jioney and . on- I
I^ C ard tnl r-\ t rw B orV- V saltido "' ttUr " Wet - IOC sne^i,^ T^l .!
i^^Jig^lsC >? teM - !- m orer 3 25 C re.lable brands Panels 1
ljclb., Jibs tor |.J^ welctat Baltlmores, 3 J.Jg cm c«.ea and telephone fr c.
Delicio-is I'ure O. F. Molasses canB lor ■• • • , Dining-room on 6th floor. ra
J-tlc--. non« like i: in ft a Club House Cheese, -if. ' I:ib . view of harbor, lv- H
thecity, ib •• Zlff. glass jars, each Illf "--rlor "". save cariare to m
"" vv> IVY city at our prices. P
— wi^»^g™^^Ww^'MffIB^KKtej^^^^MB^fI^SISSBHBE3HBIIBWMBIBBBMBBBBHB^
/^B TV QTJT
•^^^P^ STORE,
*9 / Marmot *^ h
___ — ~ I IVldl l\Cl Oln *_7 a 1 .
j:;sr.^u.ANEOus.
Rainy^Weatiief
. . . CAUSES . . .
Aches and Pains
A Sure Preventive,
A Certain Relief
IS AFFORDED BY
Dr. Martin's Pain Curer.
BUTLER'S HOPES
SLOWLY FADING
Judge Morrow Declines to
Give Him His Lib
erty.
The Writ of Habeas Corpus Dis
posed 0: in Short Order
Yesterday.
Attorney B ai Wi 1 Appeal the Case
1o the Supreme Ciurt of the
United States.
United States District Judge Morrow,
sitting in the United States Circuit Court,
made short work yesterday morning of
murderer Butler's effort to gain his liberty
on a writ of habeas corpus.
The writ was sued out by Attorney
Black, who is doing bis utmost to aid
Builer in his efforts to avoid going back to
Australia, on the ground that United
States Marshal Barry Baldwin exceeded
bis authority in arresting Butler on board
the Swanhilda.
He contended that a British ship was
British territory and that it made no
difference whether she was in a foreign
harbor or not. Batler, he contended, was
on a British dect and under the British
flag, ami the Marshal had no right to take
him therefrom. He also claimed that it
was necessary to prove that the murderer
was a fugitive from justice and that this
had not been done.
Judye Morrow's opinion was not a
lengthy one. He merely stated that the
plea whs a most remarkable one and that
the grounds taken by the counsel were
untenable. He stated that, in his opinion,
sufficient, evidenc had bsen produced to
show that BuJer was a fugitive l'rom jus
tice and thai he had been arrested in ac
cordance with the extradition treaty ex
is:ing between this country ana Great
Britain.
The testimony o!' Captain Fraser of the
Swanhilda that But'.er had asked several
times to be discharged at San Francisco
was sufficient evidence in the Judge's
mind to show that the murderer was in
intent "a criminal fleeing from justice
and seeking an asylum in this country."
"it wouid be foohsn," Judge Morrow
added, "to hold that tlie prisoner at the
bar should be freed merely because he
was arrested on board the Swanhilda, a
British vessel."
He therefore dismissed the application
for the writ and remanded Butler to the
custody of the Marshal.
Unless further steps are t;-ken by But
ler's attorney he will be taken back to
Australia by the next steamer, extradition
pai ers now being on the way from Wash
ington.
As the main object seems to be delay it
is probable that an appeal will be taken
from Judge Morrow's decision and time
gained in that manner.
Attorney Black stated yesterday that
such would be his cour?e" and that he
would at once prepare the necessary pa
pers.
A luriouD J! uiiu(;c
A curious marriage was that of Nathan
Hanes, the wealthiest man in West Vir
ginia. Some weeks ago Mr. Hanes, who
is 75 years old and a widower, advertised
in leading newspapeis that he wanted a
wife. "Lightning results" followed. An
Ohio girl's letter pleased Mr. Hanes so
much that be arranged a meeting, and
married the applicant for his affections at i
once. The girl, on setting out to meet
! her future husband, did not tell her
parents where she was going. When she
wrote to them a few days after her disap
pearance she was able to describe a whole
host of her new relations, among whom
were grandsons and granddaughters
many years her senior.
— «. ■ » « ■
A feature of the population statistics in
Western Australia is the large proportion !
of males to females. The disparity is
maintained* in the arrivals by sea. At
present there are 45 females to every 100
males;
RAILROAD THAVEt
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via SaiiBalito Ferry).
from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189 i.
WEEKDAYa
For Mill Valley ana >nn Kaa»l— "7:2s, •3-l5 ;
11: jO a. it. "1:45, 3:45. *5:15. •i:45, 6:30 p.m"
Extra trips 'or Sin rtafael on Monday i, Wednes-
days and Saturdays a. 11:30 i: m .
• SUNDAYS. , ;
For Mill Valley nnd Son Hafael— *B:oo, »10:00
•UsBo *. V : *1;. 0, 3:00, *4:;0. 6:15 F. if.
Trains marked " run to sun Uuentin. ■ . ..-. • '. f ' "
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a m
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. if. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. satur-
days. ..-;■ -,-. ■ ■ > .■ - ■.-.-.;-. .-, • .-.
1 or C'aztdero and war stations— 7:2s a. K. week-
days; 1:45 P. if. .-a.urdata. : .
(\IP r^Kfn ,rjK»(O5 Jit
■ |"''' gill " l ' wl ' > ?-^iig!^^ #> (J ill
S Tbeleadmg- milliners w «'l^PP^^^^^Jil P§;
jo ityeleadiocr rm I liners will appear fa&^y-pz;
a| under tt^is beading id Advance Ipp^'*'*
zM of Tljeir respective openi nadavjs kt///ji^
n^^rsinrsTirsinrsi^nrtnnsvinsinri^ TnrmnrzTnrtiTnrs 7rtrsirinsTsinrsirs~tr\
I MADAME ALMA E. KEITH, |
C 80S Market Street and 24 Kearny Street. 3
I GRAND SPRING OPENING of MILLINERY I
j° THE LATEST EUROPEAN AND EASTERN DESIGNS. °j
£ THE LARGEST DISPLAY OF ART FLOWERS IN THE CITY. §
>o The Unique Window Display is Alone Worthy of a Visit. 3
g RECOGNIZED AS SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING N2ILLINERY HOUSE ! §
S Oi:»3S3NrX3XC3- I? **."&■& 3
£ THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 12 and 13. 3
C&&JLSLSLSLSIOJULO.iL^^ SUISISIJUISJLSLSLJUISISLSISLSI^SU^
1 ' : " \ j. |f ||ii|,/||. [I ///■
A gentleman long connected with the artistic advertising department of the YoutKt
Companion, Boston, relates that he had his attention called to ; '■' ' '. ;
by a business acquaintance who expressed a high opinion of them. He had been a
good deal troubled with what he described as a nervous, bilious condition that ap-
peared to be brought on from time to time by high pressure work or special mental
activity or excitement, such as would be common at periods of unusual nervous ten-
sion. It becam: his practice at such times to take a Tabule just one at the mo-
ment that he observed the difficulty approaching. It made no difference when. A
favorable result was invariably apparent within twenty minutes. The only notice-
I able effect was that he always felt all risht in twenty minutes if he took the Tabule ;
while if he did not. the nervous uncomfortable feeiini* intensified and led to a bad
afternoon and tired evening: He now carries them with him all the time, but doesn't
have occasion to apply to them anything like as often as he did at first. Nowadays
there are frequent periods of from a week to ten days, or even two weeks, during
which he finds that he has no occasion whatever to make use of the Tabules, but
still carries them in his pocket just the same, so that they may be ready if an occa-
sion occurs. : .Vi ; - I
An.no AD TRATrt!
SAN FRANCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiboron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafaal.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:3 V
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trta
at 11 -.30 p. it Saturdays— Extra trip* as I:3J
and 11:30 p. v.
6UKDAYB— -«:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30. 3:3 Jk
6 :00, 6:20 P. M.
San Rafael to Sun rrancl«rn.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:''o. 11:10 a. h.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays— Kitratripi
at 1:55 p. M. and 8:35 p. it.
BCNDAYB— 3:ty, 9:10, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:41
6:00, 6:25 P. v.
Between ban Francisco and Schuetzen Paris sams
schedule as above. ■ ;
i*ave | .».., Arrive
Ban Francisco. (l [. t 14.- Pan Fr;iuc!sca
Wkkk [ Sex- u e : ian. Svs I *"«'
Days. ! lays, JJeatlua.lon. days. , D A Ya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 110:40 am- 8:41) Alt \
S:3U pm V :3O AM 1 Petaluma. j 6:10 I'M •' 10:25 aj€
6:10 j-mJ 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:86 yM 8:29 FM
Fulton,
7:30 Ait " Windspr, 10:25 a*
Healdsburg,
i ytton,
Geyservllle, I
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:gg pii| 6:22 p>c
| Pleta,
I Hopland <& . ■•*
7:30 am 8:00 AM i Ukiah. 7:56 pm 6: 28 m
7:30 AM J " .• 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 m
3:30 . ./ 6:22 PH
7:30 am 8:00 AKI Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm i 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. ft 6:10 rM 6:22 pm
Bil^MlaiSo'pMl^^PgagpSi^^PM
Staxes connect at Santa Rosa for Mar'< West
EprlnKs: at Geyservllle for Ska?cs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelaeyville, Soda liuy and i.alccpurt; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. I'orao, Potter
Valley John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Saniiedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Braeg, Westport, Usal, WUlets. Cahto. Co-
velo, Laytonville, ilarrls, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
"o'n'^undays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
>ond &an Kafael at half r»t«»-
-\ ■ ■ . ™^ '
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at., Chronicle bntldlaj.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
l'r.-s. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic I^^^^*i
Pacific, j^^^^
Trains leave ani arrivj at J&»WS£^^3e3^S>l
«larkei-B"-eei; Ferry. ' '^St^^^K^^
SASTA EXPRESS. W^W-'^
to Chicago via A. & J'.^^^TcUT^
. Direct Lino ""4!s<9&^P' i "'^9)|
I*ave»dalyaLs:jop. M..carrvlnsr Pnlluan Palaoa
rrawlng-room and Modern Upho'.stared Tourist
Bieepin<j-r:ars, whloo run dally through to Chicae*
via Kansas City. Annex can for Dauver aad St.
Loula. -
Boston Kxcurslons, v:a Kansas City, Chicago
liontreal uni the White .Mountains leave ever*
e»day. . ■ 1 ■■■■■'■
The best. railway from California to the East
Kew rails, new ties: no dust; in.cresting scenery,
aca good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
ban Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
Bt., Chronicle Building.' Telephone Mala
1&81* O»kl»od, 1118 UrottU way.
■OIJJIT TAMALPAFS.
Trains connect with North PaolQt
Const Hail road. ■
WKKK UAYb— l^ave 8. F. »:1"5 a. X. 1:45 p. m.
" Returning— S. K. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p. x.
SUNDAYS— Leave B.F. 8 a m 11:30 a. M. 1:30 p.m.
Betnrning— Arrive S.F.I : 16 c. u. 4t20 p.m. 7:35 p. ML
Tickets {or sale in Mill Valley or
thus, cook & tOS6, sai Market it., & V.
Uiii V alley ana iiount Taoiail«U Sc«alo tt*Uwv-
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
— '
LEAVE | ! BOMI-'EBRtTART 15, 1897 I ARBITI
KOMIEKKV MCVIC COMPANY.
(pacific WnllL]
tmlni leave nml nri> clue to arrive «l
MAN FIUNI'INCIK
•c.oc a KP.cs, Ban Jose and Way BtaHons . . . mis \
7:»0,\ Atlantic Express, Og'U-n and i:n*t.. tiit'tr
7:OUa lianicia, Vacaville, Rurr.sey. Sacra-,
mei:to. OroTille and Redding via
Davis 6i43r
7:8Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CslistegvamlSau.a Rosa 6j15»
«::tOA Nitm, Sun .los«. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarvsTlllo, Chico,
Tehauia and Red lUnff -4tlsp
" '8:30 a I'etcrs and Milton... «7«15p
Ummia New Orleans Ux|iruss, Raymond (for
Yosomite), I'r.'sim, UakersiißliL
Sail til Rnrliara, I .os Angrlea, Dem-
, "7.:': ' inp. El l'aso. New Oilcans and
East 4:4
9:«» a Jlartinezand Stockton 4:4.1?
!>:UOa Vallejo 6:lSp
Kilos, San J"ee, Liverujore and
Stockton 7:1",p
»l:OOp Raorain-jntn Kivcr Stcuniers »»:«»Op
l:0«p Kites, San Jo3o«iicl • iTcrmore 8:45 a
tl:3or Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4sp
t:«i«r Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Nairn, OaHstoga, i.l Verano and
.San Rosa »i 1 3*
4:30r Cenicia, VacaTille, Woodlano,
Knights I.an.liiig, Mirysville, Oro-
viilo ami Sacramento 11:15 a
4>3<»i* Latlirop. Stockton, Modetto, sler-
ccd and Fresno, going via Kilts,
returning via Martinez 11 «43*
S:oUi>la)? AngeUs Kxpiess. Tracy,
Fresno, Saota Barbara and Los 7 ._
Angeles '- 45A
siO*p Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Kxpress j.. m .
. for Mojava ami Boat «.43A
B:O«r-1^irorean Mail, OgiWfi and i:ast.... »:!•»*
0:«0|. il.iytiiir.lit, Hilesaud .San .lose 7:4. ».\
t7:O(>|. *ilkjo ..'... 17:15"
• ■ 7:«>«>i> Oregon |.Upresß,Sarr:inif!iito, Marys-
villo, Ite>ldln(«, Portland, l*usal
Sound and Kast 11s13a
llO:<M>p '• Sunset Llmitod." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East tl«;43»
SANTA CIH'/ HIVIsIOX (Xiirrow (iitnu-e). ~"
~J»ri»A Ne\vark.«. < enter»i)lc,Saii.lose.l''elton,
BoulderCreelc.SaiitaCmzaud Way
Stations si3Or
•2:l8p Newark. CVntervilli', Kan .lone, New
Aliuad.-n, felton, ItoulOti Creek,
Santa Crnz and Frincii«i Way
SUtions .\..»Jlt»O*
4:1 Newark. Hun .lorn and l.oa (!:itoe ... 0:30\
tll:43pUnriter3' Excursion, San Jose and
Stations t7:«op
COAST IHVISIUS (Third .V Townsonil Ms.) *
<i:-«3a Man Jose mid Way .statinns (New
/ Alinaden Wodnesdays only) lrfOr
»:ISa Han .lose. Tren I'inus, SiinU C'nu.
Tacitic tinuf. Fmo Rubles, H*n 3
l.iii.i <>liisi><>. (iuadalni>o, Surf and
Principal W'iiy SMI ions 7:«0i»
IO:l«>v Ran Josoiiml Way Stutions 3:00p
I1:SOa P.ilo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30»
•2:»Or Ss:i Mateo, Mcnlo Turk. Kan Jose,
Gilroy, Trcs l'iuos, Santa Cms,
Salinas,Monterey and I'acilicGrove *1«:<O\
•M»r8lll .lose and Wny Htafious 6:43.\
*l:3Oi-8aD Teseaml Wny Stations *H:r>r,K
s::{«i- S* . jos- and Principal Way Stations "8:-13\
«::«»!• San Jose and Way Stations !i::i3\
Hl:tsi- K^ii Jose ami Wav Stations 17:15;
' SAN Lr.A.MHtO A.>t> HAVUARDS LIIIAI,.
<*O:OOa" . • (~ 7:13 a
8:OOa 1 f0:45.<
IO ! S«a| Belrose, Seminary Park, Vu**X
'"•-OOP f nwiburg, San LeaaJro *££%
3:OOp and i t : 15 p
5-5- | lUyirards. 7Mr
7:<M»p I B:4^r
A:OOp ■ ... Oi-Mp
»-00p i < Rons tbronsb to NUoa. lA^Oi*
|tllstsp^ tFromNiles. tH2:OOt»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from FRiKCISCO Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)--.
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *3:00 t3:03
•i:00 }S:00 *6:33i-.»i.
from OiKUSD— Foot of Bnwdw»j.— *6:00 8.-00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *l:00 tS:OO *3:00 # t*.O3
3:00 i.M. 9 - ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' (Sundays excepted. ♦ Saturdays only.
■ ■ t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
tTua dais and Saturdays. 8 Suudai's and Tbuiedsr*.
THE SIITRJJciSI'O : -AS \) SIS JDAQCII
■ WILKIf KAILWIV COHP.4.U.
FROM JAM" AMY 31, 1897. passenger trains
nil! run daily:
snnthbound. " h Station*. •• Northbound,
7:2) a. it ...... ....Hiockton.. ..6:40 p. m.
9:19 a. m...... ..... Merced. . ......... ii:l4 p jc
11::0 a M............ire3n0 ......1:10 p.m.
' for Intermediate stations see timn-table.
ComißCti ni; steamboats of the C. >:. A I. O*
. leave bah 1- -iii isi.o ai.d sto.'kionat ti X U. daily.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THK MAI4KJSTS.
Silver unchanged.
All Cereals dml.
Bayo Beans lirmcr.
No ctiangf In Keedgtnffs.
Rhubarb and Green Peas cheaper.
Potatoes and Oni»ns unchanged.
Butter lower again, Cheese weaker.
Ejr. s weak and quiet.
Poultry ranging higher,
l-'ruiis the same
Provisions unchanged.
New York Jixcha*ce advanced.
Increase in money cremation.
MONEY' XX THK COUNTRY.
According to a statement issued by the Treasury
Department at Washington. the amounts and de
scrlptlon-t of money In tne United staes on the
lit of March, 1897, were as follows:
Gold coin $655,672,099
-liver dollars 446,318,3»1
f-mall .lilver 76,514,618
Go d C-rtiiieates Hi-, 046, i 9
Silver certificates 37:<.555,504
Treasury notes of 1890 117.550,280
Vulied States not- s 346,881,016
Currency certificates 76.795,000
National Bankno.es. 234 236,327
Total - $2,366,400,924
March 1,1896 2.21 488
Increase ' $154,468,536
Explanation.
Tbe arrow files with the wind. The top fig-ana
•t station indicate maximum temperature for th«
days: those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and bundredlhs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po<n s <■•! equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "bizh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
roast. When the pressure is high in th« interior
and low aloD; the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
we»ther may be expected "in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
J»oduce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU KEPOKT.
• United States Department or Agricul
ture, Weather ttREAr, San Francisco.
March 11, 1897. 5 p.m. The following are '.he
rainfalls for post -4 hours and seasonal rainfalls
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka this season , last season 32.91, oast
"21 hours . 0: lierl Bluff 22.46. last season 14.53,
past 24 hours .oO; san Francisco 20.69, last sea
son 13.69. p st 24 hours .00: Fresno 9.26. last
season 4.93, past 24 hours .00: San Luis Oblspo
19.71, last season 14 .61, pat 24 hours.oo: Los
Angeles 16.05. last season 7.87, pan 24 hours .00;
ban Diego lti.Sa, last season 5.64, past 24 hours
.00; Vuina 5.31, last season .88. past 24 hours .00.
fan Franci-jco da- a— Maximum temperature 52,
minimum 4*J. mean 47.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
An area of high pre-sure which appeared this
morning over >as<atcbew an ha-, moved rapidly
southward, and is to-night over Montana and
Jdaho. There has been a very rapid ,rise during
the past twenty-four hours over Washington,
Idaho and Northern Oregiru At the same time
there has beeu a sight fail over Nevada and Cen
tral California. If mis rise In . pressu c over th*
north continues sou hward as now seems likely,
following the low. much colder weather will be
experienced Friday night and Saturday In Ca.l
lornia.
Conditions are already favorable for moderately
heavy frosts throughout California Friday morn
lUK, and if the movement above mentioned occurs,
Killing frosts wil, occur Fiidav night and Saturday
nomine. Fruit-growers should be ou the alert
iriday and have smudging ma.erial in readiness
The temperature has fallen rapkLlv over the
northern half of the I aclfic siope/Ii has risen
slightly near Ked i luff
Kain «nd snow are ;ailinc in extreme Northern
California and southern Oregon.
The followins maximum wind velocities are re
por.ed: Idaho Falls 28 miles per hour from the
south: Wimieniucca. 4-i miles from th« west:
i arson City, 34 fri.m the west; Point Reyes, 62
from the northwest.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty hours,
ending ti idnight. March 12, 1897:
Northern California— Rain or snow Friday In
northern portion: continued cool weather,
moderate frost* Friday morning and possibly
killing frosts Saturday morning: northerly winds.
Southern California— F.:ir Frida/; continued
cool weather; frosts Friday mo.nln^ and possibly
killing fioats Saturday morning: northerly winds.
.Nevada— Fair Friday: continued cold.
Utah, and Arizona— Fair Friday; continued cold.
ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, with
Increasing cloudiness an.i strong northwesterly
winds: continued col weather with frosts in the
taorning.
Alexander McAdie. tiOcal Forecast Official.
NJbW lOKR MAKK»:T>.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 11. -The tone at
the stock exchange to-day v.as firm throughout
the session. The only slock In which there was
any decline to spea'c of In early trading was in To
bacco, which fell ls/ 8 , but shortly scored a rise of 1
point. The grangers Louisville and Nnshvilln
Western Union and General Hec.rlc Improved i/«
3 ,i%. Missouri Pac-lhc rose %. Sugar 1, Delaware
ana Hudson 11/ i, Omaha 11/2, Manhattan -i/ 8 and
Consoiidiited (in. 2K'i%. Harlem was taken at iaß
fc.30 0, the hlehest figure for over a year. The gen
eral Us reacted y a 10 J/ 2 • but closed firm Tot«l
transactions were oulv 10^,3.1 shares. Net
changes snow tains of um»ha leaJlng.
Tobacco was an exception, losiu; 1/4%.
The bond market, was tirm. Toe sales ftggre-
KBted $1,006,000. Ann A rbor lours roie Efy; Ciiesa
re iKe an.l Ohio, Kichmocd and A.ltgiiiint-y lust
consolidated fours, lVi; Burl;n ton and Quincy
neb--nture fives. 1; Fort Woitn ana l.enver City
firsts, 1; Northweji gold sevens coupon, y 3 ; reg
istered, '^V 2 : Omaha and ~t. Lous first fours cei
tificates, '■i l /a; 'lennessee Coal and Iron, Birming
ham <1 1 vlsiuu con ids, IY2' Virginia .Midland gen
eral fives, 1.
In «'Overnment bonds coupon fours of 19C7 sold
at 113Va registered at lllVi.
Grain.
FLOUR— Dull. weak. Winter wheat, low erades,
$2 30@2 35: do fair to fancy, S3 25@4 60; do
patents. £4 60&5; others unchanged: Minnesota
v ear, $3 40@H 90: do straights, $4@4 20: low
extras. 42 30@3 35; Rye mixture, $2 80@3 20
--tur^rHne, $V(ct,2 80; fine, $1 9.(02 25.
Southern Hour. dun. Common to fair extra,
$3 '-'Ufa,:-. 50: good to choice. .$:•! 60@4.
Bj c flour, dull, at $2 50©2 85.
tOUMIKAi. — Quiet, dull. Yellow western,
11 :.<■ r. : hO.
KYE— Dull, firm. Western. 37^c c. I. f. Buffalo.
BAKLKY- Quiet, steady. Feeding, 313; cc. U i.
Net York. •
WHEAT— Spot market active, lower, with op
tions closing firm: f. o. '•. 82^4c: ungraded red, 68
@83c : No. 1 Northern 833/ic. ?\ •
Options fair, uctive, oseil weaK at 1 V«@l%<s be "
low yesterday. May and July most, active. So. '1
red. March. 80"tc; -May. TS^c: June, 781/ic: July,
767/sc: -epiemtM-r, 7f%c. r
cjokn- hputa dull, easier; No. 2, 29V8C elevator,
SOV»c»floa .
< ptions dull, easier at i 8 c decline: May an
FINANCIAL. * "
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
\VMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorrr St., Tel. Slain 1034.
KNTRA L OFFICE '
€23 Market St., I'alace Hotel. - Pur A Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Alain 5144.
Uptown Office — lialdwiti Hotel (adjoining Grill
lioom). Tel. Main Ij9l.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
Utlons. Reference Ist National Bank. 6. F.
cmcAuu viuvATJii wiiui MLW yowl
July root 1 active. March, 29% c; May, 29% c;
July. 31%": September, 32y a c
OATS— i uli, steady.
options weux, dull. May, 21VaC Hpo' prices:
No. 2. i:2c: No. 2 white, 24c: No. 'I, Chicago,
23c; No. 3, 21c; No. 3 white. 22c; mixed West
ern, 21@24c; white, 23@24c.
Provisions.
LABD-Quiet. unsettled. Western sr»nm. 34 30;
City, $4@l 05; May, 54 40 nominal. Refined quiet:
Continent, .+4 60; south American, $4 85: com
pound, »4i jiia I' 4.
i'ut.K— moJerate demand. New mass,
$8 50ta9. .
BUTTER — Choice fairly active. West,
crn creamer/, 13(d:19c: factnrv, 7@l'Jc: El gins,
J9c: Imitation creamery. 10@15c: rolls, B©l3c.
CHKKsK — Steady, moderately active. Part
skims, s@'Jc: fun sic.ms, 3(giic.
KU(iSj— Quiet, liberal receipts. Western fre<h,
lie. - 1 -
TALLOW— DuII. City, 33/« c; country, :«4©
S%c. •ii '
COTTONSEED OIL-Qulet. Crude, i.0320%c;
yellow prime. 2!j%'024c.
It ICE— Domestic. 33/ @6c: Japan. 41/8®
4%c.
MOLASSES— DuII, steady. New Orleans, 19®
31c
I COFFEE— Steady, unchanged to 6 points down.
March, »8 6U!(iB 65: May, S8 55@8 CO: June,
$8 60: July. «8 Ui@3 65; September, $» 65: De- j
cember, $H 70(3,8 75: January, $8 70. Spot Klo,
dull.wea*. No. 7, 9i.4@53/ic.
SUGAR-Active; nr.n. iff A, 4 11-16@4l/ 8 c
* 1b: moid A. 4%c; standard A. 4S/ g c; confection
ers' A, 414 c: cut loaf and crushea, sc; powdered
and cube.-, 45 /8 c; granulated, 43/ 8 c: No. 6, 4c; No.
8, 3 11-16 c: .Nub. a and 10 uucuuused. ... .:.*''
1 nut and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. S@llc.
J *.ACMKi»— Unpeeled, bags. 6%©BVac; do
Peeled, boxes, 10@l-c.
PRUNEK-Four sizes. 4@41,4c. *•>...
Raisink— Two crown L. M., 414 c; • three
crown, s»iiji:; four crown, tjftitii/^c; London
layers. $1 Hstfl 40; clusters. $1 40ffil 70.
A' MON Ds>— Soft shell. 7i/ 2 a c; paper shell,
pa l^c
W ALNUTS— Standard. 7c: do soft shell, 7@9c.
Hoi's— Quiet; l-HCinc Coast, 3t#l 3a
WOOL — Firm, demand moderate. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c: pulled, lh@3lc; Texas. 7@l2c,
Merchandise.
riGIRON —Quiet. American. SlO 25®10 30.
COPPEH-Easy. Lake, $11 85®12.
LEAD-Barely steady. i)om.j.,c. iS 40(33 45.
ll>-Qul.et. Hraits, Sl3 40@13 45. Plates,
moderate demand.
fePKLTER-Quiet. Domestic, $4 10@4 16.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lii, March 11 —Following the
prorfd' nt the wheat market declined to-day on
the bullish Government report issued yesterda.-.
The farm reserve as given, 88,000,000 bushel?,
was the smallest but ODe on record, yet the wheat
trade exhibited no uneasiness. Liverpool, by
quoting unchanged prices, displaced the indiffer
ence existing on that side of the water, which may
have bud some bearing on the disregard affecte 1
by American markets. After declining about %
cent from tbe opening a siow recovery set! n, pre
dictions of a cold wave inducing shorts to cover.
Receipts In the Northwest were liberal at 328
cars ■ aqalnst 317 lest Thursday and 350 cars a
year ago.
Chicago received eleven cars and inspected out
113.902 bushels. The Cincinnati Price Current
issued a favorable summary on crop conditions.
In me last hour offerings became heavy and prices
broke sharply. Export clearances were light at
•-'46.070 bushels. Closing Continental cables were
irregular. '1 he closing was the weakest point of
the session, some important selling of lone wheat
taking place. May wh»at openei fr>rn 741,4 cto
74 %c, sold between 741 and 72 Vs@~ a % c . cios "
lne at 72%?. I B ,ic to iv 8 c under yeaieiday. Ksit
mated r»celpts lor to-morrow, 12 card. So. 2,
spot, red wheat, 82@83V B e.
l oK.S— The Goverument report cf a farm re
serve of 1,164,000,000 bushels of corn had a weak
ening effect on the mar»«t at the open'ne. When
wheat strengthened subsequently, corn followed
the lead and recovered a fraction of the earlier
loss. Receipts wire light at 103 cars and 87 070 !
bushels were withdrawn from store. l.lv. ruool I
cables quoted i/id decline, An easier tone devel
op d in the last hour, the break in wheat exerting I
an adver.-e influence but prices suffered little.
Kxport clearances were heavy at 881, bush-Is. |
May c"m op,-ned at 24Vic, so d between 24S/ 8 and
'.'4@s"4Va c i closing at g (ai'J4 l4c, unchanged
from yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 147 c <rs.
OATS— Sympathy, with corn was the main In
fluence in the oats market, but there was also inde
pendent weakness at the start. The Government
estimate of a faun reserve of 313,000,000 bushels
was not deemed exactly favorable to higher prices.
Receipts were light at 170 cars. '1 here -were no
withdrawals from store. Export clearances
amounted to 211,835 bushels. May oats closed a
shade under yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow 228 cars
FLAX — Was steady. Cash No. 1, 78c nom
inal; Northwestern, 80@81c; May, 77V3(g,77 ! !ic;
July, 79V2 C asked; September, 71c asked. tie
ce jits. 16 cars.
PR- VI BI The run of hozs at the yards was
small and the Influence from that quar.er made
pi ires strong. The natural 1 ond between th- live
hog market and the product ti.ereof caused the
la.ter to display firmness. Business wad lair with
no extraordinary fentuie to record. Late reports
from the yards gave the early advance list,
provisions suffering slightly In consequence. May
pork closed 5c higher, May lard i\. 2 @bc higher
and May ribs 5@7y 2 c higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was active and
firm to-day. Receipts were fairly large, bat there
was a brisk demand for all grades.
Creameries— Extras. 18c: firsts, l»@17c; sec
onds, 14@]ftc; Imitations, fancy, J3@l4c Dairies
—Extras. 16c; firsts. l4Cdilbc: seconds. 9'^.(H:.
Laoles— Extras, ll&l.'c; mats. bi/ 2 #ay a c; putkiaj;
nock. 8c; grease, 3c; roil butler, luc.
EGGS— Kec Ints were heavy, s ocks large and
the demand strong. Fresh s ock 10c per dozen.
MO.NtY — Was 4(g»5% on call and 6% on
time loans. New ■ Yoru. exchange sold at sue dis
count.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— March, 71%-.; ■ Mar, 725/ ; July,
e9%c.
tuRN- March. B <a)23i4c: May. 24i /8 @
241,4 c: July, 2514".
OaT* — March, is%c; July, 17@17%c: Septem
ber, iß@i>>y B e.
PORK— May. $8 SS; July, $8 47V,.
LARD— May. S4 5. Ju.y. 54 26.
- iUUb-llny, 54 45; July, $4 62y 3 .
Livestock.
UNION BTOCKYAKOS. li.i,. Marsh 10— Thus
far this week about 41,700 cattle have arrived
here, as compared with 38,225 last week and
38,935 a year azo. Yesterday's supply turned out
to be only 13,782 head. Some sellers called the
market stronger to 5c higher, but the demand was
only fairly good and there was no particular
change in ruling prices.
supplies of hrg3 are decreasing, only about
; 97.50J having been received so fur this wee*,
against 150. 777 last wee-. 109,803 a year ago and
145,220 two years ago. The quality or the offer
ings is poorer than heretofore. Prices to-day in a
numter of instance* were 2y a o or more higher
early in the day Later, however, the improve
ment was lost and the rings were largely taken
at yesterday's range of prices.
About 49,800 sheep and lambs have arrived so
far this week, as compared with 54,660 last week
and 54,102 a year ago. The receipts 10-day were
only about 10 0 0 head, and prices ruled stronger
under a lalrly active demand.
CATTLE- Receipts. 9000. Fancy beeves, 95 35
@5 50; choice to- prime steers, 55 (Kiiits 30; good
to choice steers. $4 6'J@4 95; medium steers
54 3.@4 50: fair beef steers 94 00@i *5; com
mon beef steers. 93 70@;-l 95: good to prime stock
ers an.l feeder*. 93 90@l 2!>: common to good
da 93 405*3 85; bulls, choice to extra. 53 30
@3 60: do poor to choice, 5- 25@3 25; cows and
heifers, choice to prime, 53 80@4 15: cows, fair
to choice, *2 75@3 7i; do common to fair dinners,
*1 90®2 70; calves, good to fancy, 55 60@3 10;
do common to £003, 5 < bO@i 60: Texas led steers,
fair to choice, $3 05@4 25: Texas cows, bulls iind
oxen, *-' 40@3 20; milkers and springers, per
bead, 52&@4!>.
HuGS-Kecelpts.23.oOa Heavy packing and
shipping lots. S3 60(283 90: common to choice
mixed. S3 65<&>3 90: cnoice assorted, $!f 85®
90: light, 53 7 .<(s•■> 2 ; pigs. S3@3 »5.
bHKKP— Receipts. 10 000. Inferior to choice,
t3 40<&4 30; lambs, «4<fl)s 25.
Keceipts at Omaha
FDtTTH OMAHA. NKBR.. March 11— HOO8-
Receipts. 4800. Market steady, easier. Light
and mixed, S3 65@3 75; heavy, »3 6l<&.i 65.
CATTLE — Krceipis. 170). Market steady.
Steers, »-i 60@4 8J; cows, 51 60@3 70; feeder*.
53 25@4 35.
SHKp.l'- Receipts 2300. Market steady. Mut
tons, 53 90; lambs, 84 50. . .... :
NISW lOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, i:ich»ng»>, Money »nd Railroad
_— - - . • Share* ■ . r . ;.: . 'V
Money on call easy at IVj@l s A%; last lobii iy a %
and closing at. i\'t%. . Prime mercantile '■> paper.
3®3Va%- Ear silver, 63% c. Mexican dollars, 49s^c.
sterling exchange st> adv. with actual business In
bankers' bills at 54 85y 2 @4 85% for 60 days and
54 87@4 871/4 fordemana. Posted rates, 54 861AO
4 88. Commercial bi.ls. 54 »4(84 ***&. Govern
ment bonds strong; Mate bonds dull; railroad
bonds dull. Silver neglected.
crrnixa stocks.
Am TH * Cable... «7 I North American. 4y
Atcbison Jl%:Nortbern Padflo.. laa^i ■
Preferred......... 231/8 Pr.-ferred.. .. 37/ C* I
Adams Express. ..l4B Northwestern.... 'lO7vI
Alton, Terre Haute sr> | Preferred 165
American Kxr>ressll2 IN V CentraL. " * 9714
American Tobacco 78 IN V, Chlcago<tst'£ 12
• Preferred lve < ' Ist preferred.... 60
Bay btate G»5..... l')V4 Yd preferred.... 281/4
Baltimore A Ohio.. 16y a N VAN H. 174
Brunswick Lands. 3/g N"V & New Ent 37
Buffalo, Roch &P. US%{3I Y. Susq <fe W.... tji/_
Canada Pacific... s'^ ' Preferred.... 26
Canada Boutnern.. 4t>y 3 ! Ontario ..*......- ■']()
Canton l*nd ...... S B ""'8J ! ntario A Western 1464
; Central PaclHc... lui/4 Oresonlruprovmnt
vhes<koblo „. 17% I Prefe-red... . . —
Chicaeo Alton 166 "won Navigation 11
Preferred 174 Oregon fbort Lino. 16V!i
Chicago, B A Q.... 771/4 I'ficldc Mail.... 26y«
Chicago A Kill 4:1 . lecria. II A Kvani 1
Preferred... 90 Pittabnrir A W pid. '16
Chicago Gas... 77i /B ;Puilruan Palace.... 16'JVi
Cleve A PlttsDuric. 166 Quicksilver „ -l-
Consolidation Coal. 3.< Preferred 10
Consolidated Gas.. 145 Reading....;;...... a. r >
CCC ASt Loots... I 285.4 KlodrandeAWesta 12 '
Preferred......... 76 I 1 referred.. , 381 A
Colo Fuel & Irca.. 8^34 Rock Island .• 68 ".
Preferred. - *•« ;RomeWatAOgden.ll7y 8
Cotton 0.1 Cert.... 12 8t L&8 W.. ....... 354
Commercial Cable. 150 [ Preferred io', a
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
Del Hudson.. 1093/ B! bt Pau1............."77Vi
! Del Lack&Westrn. 164 Preferred ...SB6l/2
Denver A RU. lOV^'St Paul <& Dalutb.. . 7o
Preferred........: *OVai Preferred.... ..... 91) ■•■'"•
Distillers. • St Paul & Omaha.. 77V*
General Electric... ! 85 - Preferred 139 ,
trie................' 14i.4StFM.fcM ....... 116
Preferred 33 Sliver Certificates. 63%
Fort Wayne IBS southern Pacinc. 14%
Great Northern dM 120 Southern X X ...... (Mj
(ireen Bay. Preferred 2784
Harlem *9d Sugar Refinery 116%
Hocking C0a1...... 41/4 Preferred ..IOM/4
Docking Valley... 4 Ten n Coal <& Iron.. 27 V 2
MomestaKe... 35 Preferred.-.. ..SO
H & Texas Central ' Texas Pacific ...;. »V 8
Illinois Central.... 82%!l"ol A A & N Mich.
lowa Central. 6 a /* Tol Ohio & Central 15
Preferred 24 Preferred 60
Esnsas it Texas... 12%.T0l st Louis <fc X 0 3%
Preferred 31 Preferred 181*
Kingston it Perm.. 3- Union Pacific 07/ 8
. Lake Erie A Westn 16 UP Den dtUulf.... 1 %
Preferred 65% U 8 Cordage. —
! lake Shore 170 j Preferred — ■
National Lead 24 | Guaranteed —
Preferred 91 U EiDrea*.. ...... 38
Long 151 and ...../.. 4.-T U Leather. 8
Louisville <fc Nash. 48Vsi Preferred 69%
Laulsviiio, Aioay -^ÜB'Kobber I«V2
Preferred........ lv» Preferred......... 70
Manhattan C0n.... 84% i fiica & B River.. .l6o
Memphis & Charts 16 Wab bL & I'acltte. 6Vs
Mexican Central... 8 I Preferred \bs /t
Michigan Central.. 93 I Wells- Fargo. 100
41lnn&8L | Western Union.... b3Vi
Preferred — . Wisconsin Central. 1%
illnn<t St L com.. 18 Wheeling: & LX... is/a
Ist preferred 76 Preferred &Vs
id erred 46. Am Cotton Oil ptd. 6bVs
Missouri Pacltlc... iOVi W.U Beef.. 6%
Mobile & Ohio 20 I Ann Arbor 9
Nashville & chats. «7Val Preferred ... 24
National Linseed.. 12V4 Brooklyn Traction. 20%
r<i J Central 94 3 , 8 Erie 2d pfd. ....... 20
Norfolk <t Wes;rn. 14 American Spirit* - 1334
Preterrea 2« | Preferred......... 34
CI.O.SINO IOVM,
Ala Class A 4b..... 104 Northern Paelsts. ll6
Do Class B 4. 6s. 100 Do 2d«. 66
Alabama, class C..1U0 Do Sds. 883/,
Atchison 4s 82% D0c0n501&a......
l>o 2ds A 467/8 Or lmprovmnt lit 86%
Canada South 2d5. 104% Do 6s .... 19%
Cen Paelsts of '9s . o N'ista." 113
Cherokee 4s. 1896. ■ — Do consol — —
Do 1897 100 Or Short Line «5... 117
I'olß9B ..100 ! Do consol .... 76%
D01«99 .....100 Pacific J 97....
Ches&Ohio 65.... 110 V* Pbila<fe Reading 4s 816^
Ch&N PTr Rets 5* iA Do Ist pfd In com. 4a3/ 8
D C 8-665. 1091/4 R Grande West lsta 73 '
Den 4KU Ist 112 St L<tlronMtOensi 74Va
iX>«» ; 88 St L&sFGen «5..11 iy 2
Krl« 2ds 651/ ist Paul Consols.. ..134
FtW&DenClty lsts 6«V2i-t P C <t Pa lsts ..118y»
uH& BABs 104 So Carolina 4%5... 106
Do2d7s. S*s%!Soutbern X Km... 90
OenElecDebss... 96 I Do Pac Cal lsta.. 107
H & lex Cent Ss...l(iß%!Tenn new 3s 77
Do con 1021,4 Texas Pac 1aw..... &9H
lowa Central lsu.. t)4^ 4 lexas Pac 2ds. .. 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 74X-« Union pac lsts 98.101%
KRPalsti JJenDivlie' L M4s reg of 1925. 123
La Consol 4s. 96 Do 4s, coupon.... laaVa
Missouri funding... v S4s reg of 1907.111 V«
M X T ids. 60 Do4b. coupou.... '
4 »-... M% Do 2s 96%
Mobile Ohio 45.. 67V* Do 6s. Reg ...114
Mutual Union 65.. 110 Ijo6s. coupon ...114
v vV. c £ c lien 6s •- 114 Va funding deot... 62%
vVI4 3: Louis 45106 . Do registered.
Nor West Gen 65120 Do deferred 65... 6
N Carolina co " 4s. 102 i/ 2 Do trust rent stpd 5
V L) °*» 8 126 Wabashlst&s 107y g
North wwtConaols. 141 West ouore «•..,,. 1063^
boam, t>» in '*
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IN LIVHTOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Kno, March 11.-Th» spot mar
ket Is quiet at 6s 7d@6s"i^d. Cargoes are easier
tt 3-s UJ, tellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable rives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
6s 2i/ 3 d; May, 6s 3»/ d: July, 6s 3%d.
B.ECURITIKS.
LONDON, Ens., March 11.— Consols, 112%:
silver, 29 3-1 6 d; French Rentes, 102f 85c.
EXCHANGE AND BILLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 flays _ $4 86
bleriing Exchange, sight — 488
Sterling Cables _ 439
New York Exchange, sight. !..'.'.""." — . . Jilt
New Yor» Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine sliver, per ounce — 6365
Mexican Dollars 501/3 61
PEODUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND * THKR GRAINS.
WHEAT-Isdull, but not particularly changed.
! Quote,! at $1 26@1 S2y 2 « ctl for common grades,
$1 35@1 37y 3 $ ctl for average No. 1, $1 40$
ctl for choice and 91 42;, a &l 50 » ctl for extra
choice milling.  ■(;■.,:* '.'•..
i-.A1.1. BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December
| 2000 cts, $1173^. May-2000, 5134; 4000,
j $1 o4V a .
Skcond Session— December— 4ooo ctls, 91 176/ 8 
-10,000, 17%: 4000, $1 17%. May - 4001)
$1 3414; 400U, 51 34y 8 ; 4000. $1 348/*-
Kkgiur wobsi.no mission— May — 8000 ctls.
SI 34: 8000,5- 3414. • December- tOUO, 91 16%.
Aftk*noon Sksbion— May — 80U0 ctls, 51 S4:
2000, *1 33^4; 18,000. ?1 33% December —
10.000,*1 16Vi; 6000, $1 ]6»/ 8
BARLKY — Weak and quiet. Feed, 72JA@77V,c
ctl; Brewing, »7y 2 2 c. z
CAM. BOARD SALES.
Informal *• kksion— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
BBCOKB s-kssion— December— 2ooo cils. 7-i/ 2 c.
Regular MoßNi.se cession— December— 2ooo
Ctis, 74S' 8
AiTEHNooN Session— May— 6000 CtiS, 74c.
OaTs — Milling are quotable at $1 2B@l 80
*ctl: Fancy Feed, $1 32y a @l 35 %* cU: Com
mon White, «I@l 10; good to choice, $1 16©
1 30, according .0 quality; Black tor feed, 95cra
*1 05; lor s- ed, 51 iO@l 30: Gray, 81 15@1 2i-
Red, $1 10@l 20; burpnse. 91 40@l 60 '& cv.
CUKN-iNo further fluctuation. Large Yellow
BO'aß-V 3 c; «mall Round do, 95i^tf7y2C; While, HO
@82y 3 c # cti.
KYii— BUfotßsc #ctl. .
BUCKWHiSAT-Qnoted at 51 15<jgl 25 * ctL
FLOUR AM) 31 ILL STUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family, extras
54 85@4 95: Bakers' extras, 94 76@4 85; Super
fine S4@4 35 %i bbl.
L'OIuNMEAL KIC.-Feed Corn, $17 6(<aiß-
Cracked torn, 51b®18 50 '£ ton.
MlLl.STUFFs— Filces in sacks are as follow*.
1 usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 92 85
[ V 100 lbs; Kye Hour, S'J 50 r 100; Rice Flour
, 55 75; Corn meal, 52@2 2fr; extra cream do, 52 75
--oatmeal, 83 60; Oat Uroats, 54: Hominy, $3 10
■ @3 SiO; Buckwheat Flour, $3 25@3 50; Clacked
• Wheat. 53 50; Farina, 54; Whole Wheat Flour
1 »3; Holed Oats (bbls). 54 76@5 15; Pearl Barley,
. tH 76(94; Split Peas, 53 60; Green do, $4 25 «i
100 lbs. ,
HAY AND Fi£KI>STUFFS.
j BRAN— SI 2 50@13 for the best and 811 60©12
. I 9 ton for outside brands.
i Mli-DLINGS-slß(a}l9 for lower grades and
■ 819 60@20 50 $ tun lor the best.
. FKKD3TUFFS — Rolled Barley, 817@17 50
--, I Ol cake Meal a: the mill, .*-.!'! 60 > ton; jobbing'
$27 50: clipped Oats. $1 30 @1 60 » ctl.
1 HAY — Wheat, 98@ll: Wheat and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, 56@9. Barley, $74u8 60: River Barley,
1 «s@tt 60; Alfalfa, $6@7 60: compressed, *6@
- U Ml: stock, 85(0.6; i lover, $(538 "«4 Lou.
STRAW— 26@SOc ft bale.
BEANS A.M> >i;i ns.
Bayo Beans are quoit a rather firmer. - No other
change. :
BEANS — Bayos. 81 «o@l 70 $ ctl: Hmail
Whites. 51 10@l 20 t* ctl; Lance Whites. $1®
I 1 15: Pin^s. $1 10@l 25; Reds. 91 10@l 25:
I Blackeye, 51 26@1 35; Red Kidney, 92 25. Limas,
; 51 80($2; Butters, 81 2501 50; Pea, SI 10@ 1 30
KKKIiS- Brown Mustard, 92 60$S2 75; Ye low
- Mustard. $1 7">(<S2 IP oil: Flax, 51 60601 60- Ca
| nary >eed, 13/4^21/40 %* tb; Alfalfa, 61,40; Rape,
2y «2S / hemp, 3c; Timothy, 4y 2 c. ... . "
IjßlKi' PEAS- Sties. 91@1 20 *4 ctl; Green
I I $1 40-3,1 50 '& ctl. - ■
POTATOES, O-xlON^, VtGETABLES.
Green Peai and Rhubarb are lower.
POTATUKS— New Potatoes, 3@4c V tt>; Sweet
Potatoes, $1<E&1 75 according to quality: Early Rose.
' 66(tfi7 ic; River Heds, 70@80c: Bur bank Seedlings,
6O(a>7oc * cti for Riven*, 90c<a$l 10 for Salinas and
tifj@,BJc for Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks, 76©
81 06.
ONIONS— SI 60@l 76* ctl; Cut Onions, 75c®
' 91 25;Oregons, $1 6l'@2
VKU tiT A BLi,S— Mushrooms are quotable at
lOi&l-i^c $ ft.: *gg Plant, : Hothouse Cu
cumber*. 50c@51 25 $ doz«i.; Asparagus, be ft tb
tor common and 10461 for choice: Rhubarb,
Sl@l ho %i box; Los Angeles Summer f quash,
I # hox: ; Los Angeles Green Peppers, : Mar-
I row Squash. 9l@b '& ton: Los Angeles Tomatoes,
! 76r@$l %* b<x; Dried Pepper*, 7c 1* lb; Green
I'fji-i, -.'@4ij ~& n>; Los Angeles String Beans, 10®
lZVac; Dried Okra. B@9c «* 0>;- Cabbage, 40ia>60c
It cil; Carrots, .s@3ou V sk; Uarlic, 1 1 , -(3,2c it..
BBTTEi., CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Another decline Is noted. The mar
ket Is very weak.
< beamkky— Fancy creameries, 17@18c; sec
onds, IMsl6- lb. .■:- .■- ,
; Dairy— Fancy, 14@15c^ lb; gooa to choice,
13fg)13y a c: lower grades. 12@12y 2 e.
Picklkd— l3c $ Ib lor old and. 16c $ !b for new.
Fikkin — lac V Ib for old and 15c %4 &> for new.
- CBKAMKRY Tub— 15<j»16c %* tt>.
CHEESE- Wean and p entitui. Choice mild new,
7y 2 @sc: common 10 kooU, <s@7c %t tb: Cream Ched
dar, in.;, lit-; ' Young America, B(s9c; Western,
lie; hasten). 14@15c.
K<»G!->— Weak and slower of sale. I Ranch Eggs,
12@13c: store Eggs, ll@l2c it dozen; Duck Eggs,
15c % dozen. ,. ; ■ - - " • -.^
POULTRY AND GA3IK.
-POULTRY— Eastern is selling at 85 50®8 for
young Roosters, 85 6l> for lucks, 14@15c for Tur
keys, 51 Vs@4 60 lor Hens, 83 50@4 for fid Roost
! ers an 1 $.> 60 tor Fryers. - - / ,
Aiiuoii a 1 ids of local stock, except Hens and
i old Roosters, higher. * . :
Live Turkeys. 15@16c * tb for Gobblers. 15<ai6c
ft Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 17@19c $ !b;
Geese. V ua.r. .* 1 n();«2; • Gos'lncs. 82 60@3;
Ducks. ,f 1 6t)@6 tor old and $7@B 50 for vo ,ir,- ;
' hens. hZid:\ f 1 doz:: Roosters, young, 55 60@6 M):;
do. ■; old, 53 60; a Fryers, 85 : 50(<tt>: Broilers. v 55
f,6 lor large and . 94@4 50 for small; Pigeons,
.' 6003 9 doz for young and 51 26@1 50 for old.
UA.MK-Hiirr 7»c@sl; Rabbits, *1 60 for Cot
tontails and *I@l 25 for small. •
.■■■•■- ■■ ■•,- .,..., . - . ::.':■■ , ■-. ""'■', ■■■■.••
I>KCII>UOIJS AM> CIIKUS IKUITS.
No further change. .
• DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '■ ' n .
Apples, $1 60@2 & box for choice and $I@l 25
for common. , . ..
CITKUs FRUITS— Navel Oranges are quotable j
; ats2-.;5@3^ box: Seedlings 75c@$l 25 »> box;
Lemons, 5-c®sl* for common $1 26@2 for ]
good to choice- .Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Califor
nia Limes. 76c: Bananas, *l<g>2 if. bunch: Pineap
ples, *-.'@4 %i doz. - ■ - ■ ■ -' r
JDKIKI> FRUITS. liAI INS, NUTS, J£TC.
DRIKI) FhUlTS— Quotations are nominally as j
follows: Peaches, 4Vz@Sy2c: fancy. 6@eya: peeled. I
10(a»12i^c Apricots. by2.u.By c: . Slourp-r*-. 10®
lie; evaporated A pp es, oSAc; sun-dried, 23 / i@d<--.
Prunes, 2y 2 r<A3c for Hie 4 sizes: Figs, black, out:
white Figs. 2W<S4c; Plums. 4@sc for pitted and
l@2c for unpltted: Nertannes. ,<g*iic ¥ Ib for prime
to.faucy; Pears, 2^i@4c for whoie, ZVa@sc lor
quarters and 3@4c for halve*.
RAISIN v_ "
• Carload Prices — Fonr-crown, loose. 58/ c: I
three-crown, 43/.c » Ib; -two-crown, 3:y»c y Id; I
BeedU S3 Sultanas. 6y 2 c; seedless Muscateis, 43/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, ?1 15: clusters. $1 »0;
Leliesa clusters, $'2 60; Imperia. clusters, $&;
dried Grapes. 3c * tb.
Jobbing Pricks-San Francisco— Four-crown, |
loose, 6»4c: 3-crown, 43,4 c: 2-crown. 3%c; seed
less sultanas, 634 c; seedless Slusca.eis, 4Vsc:
3-crown London layers, $125: clusters, $1 bJ;
Dehesa clusters S'J 75: Imperial clusters, $3 '^5.
X UTS— chestnuts quotable at S@lo.-; Walnuts
I 6y @7c pi tb for standard and lt@9y 2 c »lb for
sofishell: Almonds, f^SVjC for Languedoc, 3f^
3 Vat for hardshell nnd B®9c 1* lb lor papersiiell:
Peanuts, 4@6c * Ib for Eastern and 4c tor Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts .*i@6c .f» lb: Pecans. 7ysf#
Be* ft,: Huberts, 7y @Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7 1/3 aßc;
Cocoanuts, $5@5 50 > J OO. . ___
HONEY— Comb, 10@12i^c for bright and s@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6<95i/»c:
light amber extracted, 4y2@4%c; dark amber, 40
4V«c: daric, i:®3c » lb.
BEESWAX-22(825c V Ib.
FRO VISIONS.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon. 6y a cl» IbforheaTy, 7c
* Ib for light medium. 9^c for light, 10c * Ib for
extra light and ll%c 9lb for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured liams, 11@12%c; California
Hams, 10@10y 2 c; Mess Beef, $7@7 60; extra
mess do, $B<as &0: family do. $9 60@10; extra
prime Pork. $7 50(28; extra clear. *16 V bbl:
mess, $14 $ bbl: Smoiced Beef, 10c i 3 lb.
LARD— i-.astern tierces is quoted at o%e for
compound ana BlAONS^ia for pure: palls, 7y4c;
California tierces, 6i/i(S*6 3 /ic for compound and
6i/4@6V 2 lor pure; hull-bbis, 7c; 10-lb tins, 7y c;
do. 51b. 7s /i( . » lb.
COTTi)LKNK-5i/ 2 @s!</ic in tierces and ,3431
8y 8 c In 10- It. tins.
UII>KS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stoc«. Heavy salted steers are. quot
able at 8c %* ft,: medium, 7c %* Ib; light. 6@6y 3 c: |
Cowhides, 6®6y i;: suited Kip, Oc %* Ib: salted {
Calf. 7@Bc: sa t.-d Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 12V a
13c: cull 9 aud brands, 9y2@loc 3 tt>: dry Kip aud
Veal, S@loc: dry Calf. 16"c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@13u.-nch: Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer, I
25c IS Ib; medium. 20c; winter. 10c: Sheepskins, !
shearlings, ]o@2oc each; short woo!, 26(<535c j
each: medium, 30@45^ each; long wools, 40(fl)tS0c ;
each.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3@3i4c ¥ ft; Sa 2
2y 2 c: refined. 6c: Grease, 2c |4 Ib.
WOOL-San Joaquin, 4@6c; Eastern Oregon, 7©
10c * Ib.
HOPS— 6<a»Bc for fair to choice and 9@loc * Ib
for faucy.
GKNKRAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc: June-July
delivery, 6i/gc; San Quentln, sc; wool Bags, 241/2
@26y 3 -.
COAL-Welltngton, $8 "$ ton; New Wellington, i
$8 per ton: Southtteld Wellington, 9 7 50 V ton; i
Seattle, »6 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75 i
V ton; Wallsend, go 50 '$ ton; Cumberland, ;
$13 50 %> ton in bulk and $15 In saclkS: Peon- ',
sylvania. Anthracite EKg, Sll@l2 %< ton; Welsh !
Anthracite, $8®l(t: Cannel. $8 V ton: Rock |
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasan. Valley. $7 60; '
Cuk«, SllOl2 In bulk and $13 9 ton in sks.
SUGAR— Western «ucar Refining Company j
quotes, terms net cash: cube an 1 Crushed, 53/40; j
1 owderert, 5V4 1 ': Fine Crushed, B%c: Dry Granu- |
lated, 4 %c: confectioners' A, 45/ 8 c: iluniiolia a. j
4'*,\c; ixtraC, 4V3C: Golden C, *c; half barrels
1 jc more than barrels and boxes '^c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
. BERK- First quality, 6c; second. 6@siAc; third
do, 4@4y a 9 tb.
VKAL-Larg*. s@6c; small. 6@7c * Ib.
Sl UTTON— Wethers, 6@6y c; Ewes, By @6c ■
¥ tb.
LAMB— Spring, H@9c » lb.
PORK— Live nogs, 3y 2 ®33ic ?* Ib for large and ',
S%@4c for small and medium; dressed do, 4*
©be ?! Ib. -~ ■-:. •,
RECEIPTS OF I'ROODCK.
',•>':-'■' FOB 24 hours.
Flour, qr sks ... 3,830 Middlings, sSfc.. —
heat, ct15, ..... 915 l-uit*c. i-us 43^ !
Hurley. ctls...^. 3,146 Cht-eje, ctu.... . 258 '
Eeans. »ks V2i.r.cej, Qo». 2O,4««)
Oats, ctls. 2«5j Idas.' n0....'.." -.961
Rye. ctls ..„....• 4>R HelM'bdls. ...... iT .5
Potatoes, !i)c».._ 4,7041 \Vin^ pals „ 33 400 i
•• Oregon .;...... 176 Wool, bis „.--" la
Onions, sk»..._ 295! I tier, roll ».... 32 1
liav. ions.....__ .. 41U Tallow, 367
Straw, t0n5..;... . 10 Lumber. M. fe»i. 'JO
hran, uu 36.) Quicksilver, Halts . 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a snarp decline In the Com stock yes
terday. Con. Cal. & Va. sold down 10 $1 30, Choi
larto9lc, Best & Belcher 10 69c, Ophir to 87c,
and so on. Mile <fc Norcross- was flat and lower,
declining to 80c.
The llbsario Mining Company of Mexico has de
clared a dividend amounting to si 5, 000, payable
March 15.
Th Horseshoe Bar Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Placer and El Dorado counties |hns levied
an assessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
April 17.
The llutchlnson Surar Plantation Company has
declared a monthly dividend of 26 cents per share,
payable Ma c i 20. -
In the ravage mine, during the weekending
March 8. they finished retlmbering the shaft from
the 4 SO to the 400 level, and are now replacing
the guides. Thli work will be completed by the
middle of this week, when operations in ibe'mite
will be resumed, un the Brunswick lode, shaft 1
has beeu sunk 19 ieet on the incline; total depth,
853 t- et. i lie main norti drift in the 400 level
was advanced 95 feet; total length from the south
boundary, 190 feet. The face is in porphyry.
In the Crown Point nine No. 2 west crosscut
from the end of the south drift on the seventh
floor of the 800 level raise is now out 81 feet, hav
ing been extended 17 feet for the past week. The
matt- rial encountered and that now in the face 8
all quartz, giving assays of from $2 to *5 per ton.
On me 800 level the/ have advanced the south
drift 8 feet. The face is In porphyry. The usual
repairs have been made to the main shaft.
The yield of the Belcher mine for the past week
amounted to 76 mining-car load* of ore. the aver
age top car sample of which shows an assay value
of $26 14 per ton, and there was shipped to the
Brunswick mill for reduction 55 ton* and 1150
pounds of ore. This, together, with tnat shipped
the previous week, making in all 424 tons and
630 pounds of ore, Is now being worked, and tne
average battery sample so far allows a value of
* 19 n.i per ton.
The yield of the Beg. Belcher mine for the past
I week amounted to 11 mining-car loads of ore, the
average ajsay value of wuicli wa* $29 77 per ton.
BOAKD SALES.
Following were tbe t>>Jes in the San Francisco
Ftock Eoard yesterday:. .!;.;;
REGULAR HORNING BKSMON'. rnVMEKCINS 9:80.
20 > BAB 77 1600 Con 1m..01 « Mr..... 29
SUO « h0t.. .1.0u bi v <£.<; .-..•. 50 ioo Union C... 32
100 CC<feV...l.!>6 0phir......97 .
AJfTKRNOON BKSSION — 2 :30.
100 8&8.....70100U H&N....80 50 J?tnnrd_l,6s
4uO 6a 25t)pmr VO >oO Un0n.,.,28
10U Choir. ....91 100 Oi 200 Uiau OS
500 CCdiV...1.35 200 P0t051....3-> 200 * J*CUI..26
500 Con 1m... 01 400 d Nev....27
Following wera '»•' --" o • in the i'ae, ;ic Stock
i I oard yesterday: ; : -".■..■>; j
BVODLAB wpsjnx— lo:3o.
"On Alpha.... 05 400 Ch011ar...97 200 Mexican.. 3o
200 Alt* 03 500 ...;........9» <!00 .......... .29
900Ande» 20:100 .. ...... .»4 1000 *7
SOU 8e1cher. ...19 4000 C Imp ..01 20J Ophir .S»U
«0J BAB 74 500 ConN V...01 95
40U 70 200 1 rwnl't..2t:4ol» ....... .....9u
20J i.uH10u....1l 400 Exch<;r...o2 jOO' ...89
200 ......... lO'-SOO U&C....34 fototl .....htt
300 Caled 1. 300 ....... .....ii 700 .......... 34 !
150 CUllnge...Sfci.,oo ...........Si 160 8avag»....83
200 CC&V...1.56 .100 .. .901400 .81
800 I.5Ji/*!-'OO ...... ......»f »00 Scorolon..O^
6JO ...... ...1.6. 100 ............»7 100 biS&M... 04
100 "..... 1.47V- 200 ............ *t> *5 ' l "- s «- '■—.. 28
SCO ........ .1.45 »00 .'..:.; ...... 1 .00 811 Hi 11 ..01
400 .......1.42V* Justice. ..O*|4oJ Luiuu.....30
200 ..........1.40 dOO Keniuck..')l!Joo ....... ...89
Bl'O IS/g 1500 L Waah.OliSOJ x J»>*t....S;9
10«» Cona....;>,o'aoo AvQn....o9|
AFTERNOON SKSSION — 2:30.
400 Alpha... 05 50 C0nn. .....88 300 0Tnnn....09
300 Alt OH -000 C imp. ..01 4 »0 Potosi . . . . 82
6UJ Ande5.... .19 100 C P0int. ...2l SO I t-Kvu«e....31
V:SJ f.elch«r.. I .■ 200 •...■...:.... »8 450 ........... 30
200 Js A 8.....7< 20: i U<fcU. ...;31 700 68AM....04
200 Bullion... .10,i00 H«tN......84 400 d K«r.;;.;.27
300 CnalU«...u7 300 K>ntck....ol SOJ Unioo... •_'»
20 ) Ch0ir.. ...9. _'5J M*x:can..2. iOO ...;. .. »a«
*00 /•;••'•• 8» OONvQn OS .'OO Utah 04
600CU«V....1S/ 8 /tOj 0CC1U......08 lOii V J«*.i....a8
300 1.3a28J Ooblr 88
.CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSjaY, March IX -4 r. .
fit. A »a n). £,^ 4 t/( . M#
AtrMifVm..... 06 06 Julia , ..04 05
A 11*.....,...,.. 03 — Jnstlc* ..' - us
Anil**. .■ 18/ at) KeniDCK. ... . 01 (2
8e1cher........ 1 18 19 Mexican.-.. .... 26 27
Best <fcß»loh*s 69 70 Nevada Qao«i — 10
BentoaUoa.. . 12 — occldeutau...; 16 OS
Bullion ........ 10 11 Ophlr. 87 89
Caledonia...... -11... 12 Overman...... 18 OJ
<-holl»r 91 »3|totosL ....... 31 38
Con.C»l&Va... 1.30 1.35 o»va(te. ...... 30 hi
ihalleneo Cox 35 36'>cortnoti — D*
Con. lmperi*l. — tll^eic. Beichar. . — 06
Confidence.... 80 60 silver Hi 11..... 01 «a
ton S«w you '01 iViJMerrn XeradJb 2B 27
Crown Point... la 20 standard ......1.60 1.66
liaatsierra^*^ — ; Syndicate. .... — L 4
torekacoa._ — 36 Unlouuau 27 >26
itxcneauer .... 02 OS Utau. .......... u4 »6
u«uiu«curry. 31 S3 i «Uui« j«iM« 26 27
It* it ik Auicr*. 78 81) :
STUCK AND BONO .EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 11 - 2 P. It
DXITKB STATES BONDS. ' j!
>.. .- lAf... . V Bit. jMked.
PB4s eonD.JI2»4 —■■ C fe4sre«...iO:» 110^4
Do new issue —V, I a • "j-.
--■ r :-}.{:. ■ MISCKLLANKOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCJ)l«ss. 112 — OaltUas&s.. -.104
Cat ElecL, 6*129 130y l>o 2d 13 55...i09y i 10y a
(ntiaUWss 96 It. ummoiu 65.. 122 Vi —
Dpnt-stex-cp — 100 P&ORyBs. - 113
hdsn .LAP asl'i9s/ 8 131 . PcitCh Hy 6s. 100 103
F&CHKResIO4%j. 106 Pwl-at KR 6ili3 118
Utarv-st Rssli 0 10a |Keno,\Vl*iL — ' 101
Jl C<SS 6\i». 10 J — ih'actoP&l>. — 1011
LosAnzLUi 92V a 100 S-F<feSPKss.. 100»/8l01V4
Do ..nteed 6s — iO2 |t-PRKArlzBi ■ »3y 8 94
Mitt-slCt)le6sl2iJ3 / spßßCnlos. — 1.0%
DoKyCon f»s.iU4V"lO46/ 8 1-PllRla!5». — 100
NatVinSslst — iOO • -PBrßCal6j. 98 98y a
NevC.\gß7s. 104541053/ilsV Water 117 118
KRy Cal 100v 3 — |~VWater4«. IOOV2IOI
KJUyCai <>4. - 95 StktnU&EtiJ 99y a lU0i&
j ATKR STOCKS. .."--■""
Contra Costa .<By s 39y a |->l»rus va lley - 9814 68V4
ilariuCa. 48% Xtl^li
BAS AN.' Kt,KCTRfr! <» TOOK*.
Capital....... - 3J Pacific Lisas 60 —
Central... .. SHi/tj —" s F G&Klec. 87 971/4
M Klec Light 8% 9 -an Francsco 2 2 V*
OafcUL<fcti 68Va f>4i/ 3 -»ioc«;iou — *U
Pao t>as imp 9iy 2 <«;i v a;
iN tj A_\*, < BTOCK
Flreman'sFdl 80 — | .
iMia ;ll'lc. WAVIt HTO-Kl
Anclo-Ca1.... 80 — First NatlonllSl 186
Bank of Ca1..237 242y a t.ondonP<SA.l»B —
CalBl>&TCol07%110 |ilerch Ex.... 1J —
MVUHt BANK STOCK*.
GerS&riCo.. 1310 — ISav&Loan.. - 105
IlumbSifeii.liO » — Security..., ..2so —
Mutual 37 — Union Trust. 60 —
bFSav Onion — 478 >• ■>; :
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.. ..107 — OalcSL&Ha/ - 100
Oeary-at....- 36V, 60 Presidio 614 —
liarJtei-5i.... *3ys *
j- .. *>«.* BTOCKS.
Atlantic T).., 16 17 lOlantCon.... 328/ 32%
California.... 87y a llo Vlgorlu — 95c
KasusrnU.... 79 -821/3 l
KftdCtLAXirfKn OTOCKI.
Alaska Tiers. 10Jy 2 104y 2 Nat Vln Co.. - 7i^
Uer Lead Co. So .to i 'ceanlcSSCo 28 24y a
HawC&SCo.. 17y 8 17s/ 8 Pac Aux F A — *
Hutch a Pea U6!»4 i 6 iFacßoraxCo. — - 92
AlerKxAssu- — ill/ i«n PalntGo — . V
BALKB— MORNING SKSSIOX.
.Board—
180 Hawaiian Commercial. : 17 37%
200 Hutchlnson s P Co 15 fa7V»
50 SF Gas& Electric Co 97 00
20 a V Water... ; s>B 37 y
*I<JOOSF& N P hallway Bonds 101 00
$1000 do do, s 10.... 10100
•Mreet—
75 Hawaiian C0mmercia1......... 17 371^
$1000 8 F «fc N 1" Hallway Bonds, a 10.. 101 00
AFTERNOON BKS3IOX.
Board
75 Giant Powder Con. 32 50
10 do do. b 3 32 60
28 Hawaiian Commercial 17 26.
76 Hutchlnson .-t i* C 0..... _ !s6 87y a
Ho S F Gas & Electric Co 97 00
10 S> V Water... i 8 50
$2000 SF4SP Railway Bonds 101 01)
Mr» —
45 Alaska Packers' Association 103 50
75 Hawaiian Commercial 17 37i/<|
100 Mutual Klectric Light. 9 00
$1000 SF&N P Railway Bonds 101 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Ft Brleeer, s L'ObUpo C Erickson&w, S L Obsp
JC Kmmerdingct w, Wis M ss A Thomas, Wis
C \V Avers, Sonora J Ka^gio, Sim Andreas
W H Counel], lowa H H .-Miiith. Chicago .
L F Moultou. Colusa G W Mil. Watsonv.lle
LEU Jordan, Auburn ' J Abratns. Auburn
W B Woodward. Sn Jose O Eames, Oakland
J Hauk it w, Oakland H Illgsinboiham, Stlrtn
T L Heed. Reedlev F C Lindle. Ariz
J E Phillips Aw, Denver Mrs X II Clarke, Chicago
v 1.1 go. Birds Lilt; A JUacdunald, imsa
Tlios Bull, -anta Clara T Lynn it w, Salinas
II L Morrow, Fort Bragg X B Kl-oi. Gozell • " ' v
A J Pedlar* w, 1-resno C Pedlar, Fresno
A Hob. o;i. Ileuldiburg T C Wooaward <fe w, Cal
T X Alisos, NY T B U Lindsay, Colombo
Airs L A syKes, Miss , Miss S.vnes, Miss
L M Lasell, Mar. lnez \V W-Foote, Oakland
X H«tJ(J, Oakland F F Turner, Los Gatos
F Mood , Wii ows J Parks, Ashland
A Hal-el &w, Oakland J X Hall, Suntu Kosa
D Donovan, Call J B F Campbell, Lot Ang
W OGood, Santa Kosa G W Reynolds, 8:a Kos»
GII Ballon, San Diego J Thompson, Lower Lake
W Parker & vv.Kcn H A Denniaon, Chicago
H Block Jr. Lob Ang W Kopp, dODOma
L P Strong, \V Date W a Grant, San iVego
\V \V Noble. Willows A H Baylis. fort Jones
J J P*ri>enfcw,YubaClty PT Gashbeer* w, Pa
T C >elton. Boston , 3I) Bvrnes. San Mateo
J A Gill, Sac C \V Tayera & w, Sonoma
RUSS HOUSE.
Otta Olßon, Eureka M E Uriggs, Pt Louis
Miss II E Home. N H J Mulvay, Grass Va ley
X Alulvay. Grass Valley D i. Alcfiier^on, Dunv
Mrs X Vetong. La E BlcGet.igati, Vallejo
ABr ndon, San Arao . A Ayers, Colfax
F X Merriti, Cioverdale H 11 Gillette, Oregon
L A Cornelius. f>t Paul J A Johnson, Elmlra
II s 'i urner. Eureka Key L L Boom, Gait
Fred calscir.s, .ipor AN Blaahtield, ioli»x
C A Sperry." Colfax Mas r. McArthur, Cal •
Mrs X L Winters, Cal J I) \Vh»len, C^l
!H C Swan &w. Colfax Fiank (Smith. Colfax
Si Hewitt, Sonora P A l.iiiin, Culfax
G W Pfast, Shan don J M Brown &d, Cal
Frank Watson, Oakland F R I'awler, Nevada
J A Gill, Lcs Angeles C H Saunders, ss Sn Bias
C Reynolds, San Jose A V Smith & d, iresuo
A G \Vatrous, sntto ■ W Hyins «fe w, Stockton
F C Breck, Sacto : X M Glass, Seattle
C M Keeler.' Truckee • Mrs S Ktheredge, lowa
F Fitzslmmons, Arizona Miss Dai.y Smith, Mo
F Haver, Arizona Mrs Mason Brown, Mo
T I> Murphy, Arizona (i H Wallace, PortianJ
E A Steinman, Los Ang Mrs F McFall, Guernevl
L.l Hall & Milwaukee W Rowe &w, San Jose
J H Tints, -Neva&a O II }!lowers, Cal
R O Dunn, Hedding C A Clark, Siskiyou
C II Coats it w. Minn O Hayes, Minnesota
C G Cargill, San Juan J A Johnson, Klmlra
PA ACE HOTEL.
T J Pield, Monterey H W Mills, N y
J F Coad Omaha WE Foster, St Louis
I !•' 8 Hastings, Kaua City C Downing, Armona
I J T Smith, NY J Dunne, Brook yn
: .Mrs Dunne. Brooklyn J .V Shenstone, Toronto
X Ha ris, Toronto C Schumann Jr, Chicago
j Mrs a L Moliler Minn Mrs c .Scnuman.i Jr, Cng
! Miss Monler, Minn Mrs C F Kogers. Minn
II X .Sidle, Minneapolis J M Brown, Maine
.Mrs H X • iJle, Minn v X Finney, Chicago
• Mrs T J. Field. Montrey Mn D X Finney, 1 hgo
J H Brown, Detroit T B Wilcox. Portland
Mrs J II Brown, Detroit J \s' Kirk, Detroit
A J Hrchtman, Sacto S H Hadley. N V
H H Hadley, MY : Mr» 8 U Hadley, N,Y
(>uy Lombard. ' Mexico 81. Harding, N V
C B Boynton. E Orange H O Kisuer, Chicago
Mrs Boyn;on, H Orange FK; hr, N V i
IMi Ruhr. > V Mr* Kohr, N V
IW C Ward, Victoria XII uarneby, England i
Mrs T H Tallmadge, 2 Miss KeUhum. N V
th, 2 maids. Hug land R P Yon Welelat&lt, V
C B Knox, NY IP Favor, V V
P Xlv, Mo*elumne Hill P F Marltoff, «rd Rapids
J M McMahon. Kans Cy J M stone, N V
V Ulbbitt, NY I, R Wing, Chicago
John LftHerty, NY : iw''
BALDWIN hotel.
E 8 Taylor, *-'an Rafael J 8 Leraery, Santa Rosa
I W James, Bakersfield TI. Wbitten, Bakersfleld
I R M Cromwell, Sta Hosa V Staadecker, Cal !
j O II Wade. Seattle H R Bates. Phlla
1J W Ladd. New York Mrs M X Van Anden.NY
Mrs M Buckingham,:* VHP Hynde, ulvmpin
M X Muivcy Salt l ate J P Riiey, Cripple Creek
8 W Taylor, Decatur J \V Vail, Chicago
Mrs A L Mohier, Minn Miss Mohler, Miiineapils
Mrs C V Kogers, Minn H H Sidle &w, Minn
P Newmarii, Los Angels C >rl\v man, Los Angeles
F I) Cooh, SiO'kton 0 M Hatcher, Pan Jose
W T Matlock, Pendteton C X Hadley, Chicago
\V L Monibes, NY Mrs L F Smith, Sta Cruz
Mrs FL Kohlnson, 8 Crjs Mrs X L Wilson, a Cruz
G A Cornwall, .n V EM o'Brlea, Chicago
O W Bitidirs, San Jose / • ;; ■
LICK HOUSE.
8 H Britt &w, Omaia 3 Balmrd, Claremont
J Huber, Cat 11 \V McOlellau, Kureka
W R Bpalding,.Truckee H. D Goodrich. N V
! 3 E Jewell & w. Sac C R Tllion. Mod -sto
j J It Rogers, Nevada City E Ignace it w, 1. al
I J L smith, St Louis ' E A Johnson & w, s Jose
J W Hume, Sau Jose Miss M Hume. .San Jose
T 11 Thompson, Tulare B H'Upham, Martinez
H B Dewey, Los Angeles T Kearns & w, Utah
I J lvers «ft w. Utab J D Cuip, san Fellpo
I J E McKay, 1.8 Angeles J B Jacicson A w, Boston
i s .1 (laid tier & w, Boston J ii j. arbour, .-ac
I T D Samueis. Yuma X A Hall, San Joso •
W Armstrong, >>nia Rosa :
r NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss M T Mogan, Cal J A King, Glass Valley
B Douglass, Cul *■'. McPherson, U >> X
t'. White, Cal J Wilson, San Leandro
J Mley, Cal X Westou, Sacto
I H Winters, NY R 11 Mowrey, Denver
I W II Arnold, Denver . . W H leter.t, Cal
j J Dune wan. Brooklyn I) O'Toole, ial
J Ctiderburg, X Orleans " J s Borgls, w <fc d, Cal
! Miss Berggt-u, Cal ■ tU Cambron A w, Reno
I W B Hazer. Han J'^se . B L Msber, AlirawU
P C Mayfurd, Chicago Mrs G .McCreevey, Cal
O Hardy, Fresno F Addis, London
B B -mull, ban Jose J Winters, San Jose
HORSES ARE CHEAP.
Animals WorthlesH for City Use T>n
Well in the Country
Horses are cheap. Infect it is ililllrult
to see how it pays to raise them. A Brook
lyn expressman whose route is twelve
miles long secured a "green" teiiui yoHwr
<iay for $45. Two years ago he bought. ti
team not a whii better than th« team pur
chased yesterday and gave $200 for mo
horses. Talking of his bargain (ho ex
pressman said to a Mail and Express re
porter:
"Farmers out on Ling Inland get tino
horses in the city lor from $10 to $'_'O. A
big horse whi<- . hits gone In me on the
ptiv^ment-i of the city will como urouud
all rit-'ht in a fow weeks if left to roam
around a pasture or barnyard. Tlio soft
earth will permit his cracked and fevered
hoo!s to mend. It would not pay to keep
the horse in the city, so a truckman or
any one of the big express companies
gladly seli a hoof-sore horse, no matter
how sound he may be otherwise, for a
SOUR.
"I prefer 'green' teams, because I can
break them more readily to my kind 01
woik. But $45 for such a team as I bought
ye«ierday m kes mo »sharo«**l to l<">k '•««
horses in tue face. Why, I sold a St. Ber
nnr«l pup two month* oid ot long a^o ior
$60."— New York Mail and Express.
OCEAN STEAMKKS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMKKS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
t.*N"ITWr» ftatws coast AND Gkooftio StmvKT
T:mics AND Heights OF HIBH and Low
Waters at Foht Point, Entrance to
Kan Francisco Kay. Pubi,ishki> by Offi
cial Authority op the supkeixtuxdicst.
Note— The high, and low waters occur ai tbs
City Front (Mission-street WharT) about, twenty
live minuses later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is th" same a; both plao»*.
March-18»T.
Notk— ln the aoove exposition of the tides tb«
early morning tides am given In the left band
column, aud the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second ttma
column gives the .second tldo of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and toe last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometime.!
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given ia aubtractiva
from the depth zlven by the r-barta.
SOTlVii TO MAKINJEXtS.
A branch of the United States H.rdrograpttle
Office located In tba .Merchants' Exchange It
maintained Id San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and frea of
expense.
Navigators are ' cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and salting
: directions of the world are kept on hanl tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all 'matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
- i hi- time ball on top of the bonding on Tele
graph Hill .Is hoisted about ten minutes for*
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120tb meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from ths
United States Naval Ob.-ervatory a:. Mare Island.
Cat.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, . or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day uy the afternoon paper*
and by me morning papers the following 'lav. , /->
W. S. Hughe*
- •• ' Lieutenant. U. S. .N'.. in charge.
Th« Time Ball. : - *
Bbanch Htdrooraphic Office, U. 8. N."»
Merchants' Exchaxok • >
Pan Francisco. Mar h 11. 1897. j
The time bull on Teiegraph Hil. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the l'-'Om
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. M., Greenwich time.
;\. --- . . - W. S. Hughes,
Lieutenant U. s>. N.. in cbaree.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. March 11.
. Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 68 hours from Hue
neme; pro iu< - to A Uc-rbtrdinT
.Stmr Geo \V Elder, Lewis, 60 Vi boars from Port
land, via Astoria 47% hours; mdse, to Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co. •
Haw'simr -an Siateo. Fletcher, 4 day« from
t-omox; -4000 ions coal, to S P Co. Port Costa
direct.
Stmr Crescent City. Allen, 32 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall & Co.
stmr s>anta Rosa, Alexander. 62Vj» nours from
San Diego; pass aid rutise, to Ooodall, Perkins &
C0.i.^.,-.r-
Stmr Gipsy, inland. 20 boars from Monterey,
etc: produce, to GoodalL Perkins A Co.
Stmr Weeotc Millar. i 5 Hours from Fort Bragg;
210 M ft lumber, to Uulou LamDerUo.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 10 hours from Caspar;
■ M ft lumber, loCaipar Lumber Co.
Stmr Alcatraz, Can son, 66 hours from Port Los
Angeles: oal.Hst, to L & White ],umb-r Co.
' Schr Guide, Olsen 5 days from illapa Harbor;
SOU M ft lumber, to SlmDson Lnmbir Co. •
sehr Corinthian, Zaddart, 9 hours from Bihl
er< Landing: 116 cds wood, to Fender Bros. ■
Sehr .Monterey. Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
Landing; 160 Mft lumber. 900 posts, to Hey
wood.
schr Lucy, Peterson, 6 days from Columbia
River; 1 u inner and laths, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Seven Sisters, Itasmussen, 5 days from
Nehaiem Ri«.-*r; lv;o M ft lumber, to Meyer & \v li
li»ni«.: 1118 ci sal m to order.
Schr Arthur I, Krog, 24 hours from Point Arena:
100 cd« wood, lOcdi v.Rvebo ts, to N Iversen.
Schr Reliance.- Wll-<in, 3 8 hours from Flats
Mill;' 70 eds wood, to X a Qilbrlde <& Co. .
. Cleared.
THURSDAY. March 11.
StmrTJmatllla, Hun er, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins A Co. -••::,'.
It bat k Les Adelphes, Lobreton, Liverpool;
Balfour, Uuthric & Co.
. Sailed.
THURSDAY. March 11.
Btmr Kur«ka. Parson*. San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka,
Stmr Clcone. strand, Crescent City,
j I Stmr INoyo, Lovtnson. Fort Bragg.
1 Stmr JNewnboy, Man
Ship .1 '< Drown, Magune, Puget found.
Ital ship Kiu man ucie Accame, Ghlglione, Ant
werp. , ■
■ Hark Rufns ■ Wool. McLeod. Nan alma
llrl - Lurll I*, Mucl,-01, Kahulnl.
' Schr Christina tsteffens. Nordltng. Point Arena.
Kchr Sparrow. Dart. Kihokl.
Sclir Audio (ieo. Pearson,' Urays Harbor.
Telcjr.raptilo. JfoVVil
rot NT LOn-v*. March 11. -U » *.— Weathsr
hazy; windNW: vvioci / 24 uittu.
Charters.
The ship Wachusett loals lumber atChemaiios
for nyclney. Sis 3d: Nor bark White Kose, lumber
on tbu bound for Cork, &2s tid.
' ' Returned.
;;r THURSDAY. March 11.
Schr Annie Gee, hence this morning for Grays
Harbor, returned on account of blowing away
mainsail In h heavy N W wind off the heads.
Schr Christina Steffans, heno.-- this morning for
Point Arena, returned on account of carrying
away flying jib 111 a s.rong \V wind off the heads.
Miscellaneous.
fei Lucy— Oft the Coquiile River. Mar 8. spoke
the schr Rattler, and r. ported 140 sealskins.
■ Domestic Ports.
VENTURA- Sallrd Mar 11— sen r Fanny Du
tard, for Port Blakeley.
MC A TTLJS- Arrived Mar 11— Schr Azalea, hnce
Feb •.»«. .
PORT BliAKKLKY— sailed Mar 10-Br bark
Puss of I'.r.nuli-r. for Valpnra so. . '"■<
Arrived Mar 10— U*r bark Emln Pascha, from
Ton Town«*nd.
Hl' HONDO Mailed Mar 11— Stmr Laguna, for
Han I'liuH-iiu'K.
AM'oHlA— Arrived Mar 11— Stmr State of Cali
-101 11. a hriu'r Mar 0.
'• M iHHi.Vii- called Mar 11— Stmr Pt Arena,
lor Hmi Ir.mlsco.
KUUKKA~«MIIed Mar —^'mr Pomona, for
••mi Itumlsco; stmr Del None, for O rays Har
bor.' -
NAN DlKOO— Sailed Mar 11— Stmr Excelsior;
HUM stmr Pheasant, for cruise; scar Chas Falk,
for Pubbi sound. ""'.■-■
lour LOS ANGKLKS— Arrived Mar 10-Stmr
Prutrotion, irom .">an Penro.
««llv<l Mar 1 1— Strnr Protec:lon. -■
CJUKK.NWOOD-Arnvou Mar 11— Stmr Whites
born. lir-nro Mar 10. „ „
fa UdMur 11— stmr Greenwood, for Ban Fran-
Cisco. • .-■■'.'
Eastern Port*. : ;-.:■ < : '-j '
NKW YORK— Sailed Mar 10— ->tinr Allanca, for
Colon. : ;, ;-":■ %fy.Z?~5;
Forolgn Ports.
VANCOUVER— CIeare<I-Br barK Blalrlogle, for
lv 11. i>.i Bay. .
UUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar 10-Italship Sa.
vavor» Clam pa, or Manchester.
Arnv».i Mir 10— Br sin,. Valkvrle. hence J.
FALMOUTH— ArriVPvI Mar 10— Br ship Aln«
dale, trout Santa Rosalia, with sickness; Brship
LaiiMHtou, hence Oct 1 '/, »nd sul eJ tor Li<«rpuo •
Itr iihlp Amazon, from San Diego, an I ?nilei or
Dunkirk ■ ■>■•■■■.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mar 9- B, ship iVeinwon
from Portland Mar 10-Kr «lnp Dnrbrldtt- rr. m
Portland: Br ship GSenogil. from .New W stniin
ste.
COLON— Arrived Mar B— Stmr Fini.no.-, from
N-w York.
LIZARD— Passer! Mar 10— Brshlp R<y<»| Forth*
fiance Oct 26, tor Hall.
PORTLAND JULL-Fass°d Mar 10-(,er baric
Aniizone. from H iinnuri.', 'Of Sun a lv n la
Pi YMOITH-.-ai!ed Mar 10- br ship i; eoc ova
for Cud, ff. ■ . ' "
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Mar9-Brstnr Br c ncr
lor Tncoma.
OTI vYii AS- Arrived Mar 10— Schr j M Co!
--m'-n. f \sloria.
KAHUI.UI-:-a!led Feb 20-Shlp Geoß^-tetson
and no: as previously reported. '
Movements of Tram- Atlantic '"termer,
NKW YORK — Arrive.! Mar 11— S mr Fnlda, fm
Genoa: stmr Remington, trom Antwerp. '
Sailf-il Mar 11 — tmr Oldenburg, :rom |: r me .
NAPLES- Arrive! < in -Mar 11— Slinr Kirn.
Nailed Mar 11 — .Stmr Co.uiubia. tor New York
BKEMKKUaVKN— ou. Mar n_s mr
Tr:iv ••
m'KKSSTOWX- Sailed Mar 11-S:mr 1 ej'.rni
for N w York.
GIBRALTAR-Sailed Mar 11— stmr Kaiser
Wjlhelm 11, for New York.
Importation*.
HUESEME- Per West port- 77 .12 sks b>nn« 3
bxs bui t«r. 8 ci >-ki:s. Hub s;s corn.
PORTLAND AND ASTOKIA-Per On XV Fi
der-3501 sks poia:oe*. £66 ski onion*. 79 b-"*«
wool. 211 0 innl>-» 4481 sks hoar, i«.,0 b-nn
VC6skM sulphur. 150 pkgs paper, 181t» s<a fertlll'
zer. 101* sks wheat. !Wtf bdls box ma f ra' sqi
pkgs ba.on. 2160 i»«lls shook*. 197 a ' A » oysttri
»-AN X)lK(iO— Per Santa I osa— l C j ca c* 7c«
tinware, 302 p\«.-i indse. 3cs tobacco, l cs truit x
bxs oranares and lemons, 867 bxs o r aDee< 2 bis
grape, fruit. 14 o.xs limes. 437 bxs lemon's i c «
fruit juice, 'i bis ereen folt, 11 hf-.-xs taiißi'r ri ..«
1 eh imrdware. 1 bdl dry fish. 74 pkgs futulture \i
pkRS bicycles, 12 t,xs butter. '
Port Los Ange;ei— lol bxs oranges, 10 bxs lem
ons, • ca olives. 12 pkgs m-ise. 1 cs wine, 3 cs run
ber EOJds, 1 bdl dry fruit, 36 skspe^s, 3 ca honey
6s'<s vegetables. *•
S ml* Barbara —l cs shoes Ics olive oil, 23 Mis
green p Its, 6 bblt tall .w. 68 bxs lemons, 109 sks
abnlone meat 2 bxs batter, 26 bxs oranges
Kedondo— 393 r>x» orances. 92 bxs lemons 63
pke» mdse, 10 bxs limes 9 Dxs type, 60 cs cream
4 cs honey, 200 cs makakke meal, 6 cs buck
wheat.
Port Harford— lS tubs 106 i/j bxs butter. 3 blls
dr* hides, 4-1 pkgs m'dse, 12 cheese, 105 c».- •. s ,
1 cs books. 1 bdl green hides, 1 bdl pelts, 1 coop
tur.eys, 3 coops chickens, *9 dressed calves, 150
sis rmrlev, 1 cood (lucks, 13 bxs fish.
SANTA CRUZ-I'er Gipsy-9 oxs butter, 45 cs
Cheese. 1 cs eggs. i bx Hsu.
Moss Lauding— 4 cm eggs, Ibx Duller, 1 Ml
pc ts.
Monterey — 15 bxs apples. ■
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City-1 orzan
8 dressed calves, 3J is hides and pelts. 10 bohr
salmon. 1 crate machinery, 3 pltgs md-ie, — Mft
lumber.
Consignee*.
Per Crescent City- W BSumnerJt Co; J Hoff
man; Uetzßros&Co; Hobbs, Wall &Co- A loiii-
R R i)"iigle; G G WICK.on. *
Per Glpsv-Eveleth * Nash: Dairymen's Union-
Standard Oil Co: Norton, Teller A Co; IIJUs Bros:
Dodge. Sweeney it Co: X Buldocch ■; j Fink- j
Kess ng: Goldbers, Bowen A Co; Herman Joost.'
Per West- on- Field & Stone; II Dutard; a Ger
berding; Hilmer, Bred holt Jinchulz.
■ Per Go W Klder— H Dutard: A Levy <t Co; W
J Murray: McDonougb. Runyon; Dalton Bros; J
H Boguess; Oregon Fruit and Pr<-duc Co; James
Imlah: Erlanger <fe Galinger; Jonn F English: J 'A
Waldron; D E Allison <t Co: Western Roll Paper
Co: Allen A Lewis: Moore, Ferguson A Co : D M
B' llman Co: Z Jacgar; Otis, McAllister & Co: 1" B
Kojsi: J H Cain & Co; Geo Morrow A Co: S Kosn
lana: J P Thomas: M P Detels: f Hlllens A Co: A
« Smith: Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; California
tlnzer Co: Claisop Mil Co: Fogarty A Parker;
Morgan Oyster Co; Darbee A Imniel: S Jumes;
Harvey. Chafe A Co; C A Whitn?y; C Carlson;
ME A Wagner. : — v , \- ,
i'>r tit.ifi , o«-CE Whitney A Co; Hills Broi:
I Kowalsky A Co:Hllmer, Bred li of? A Scnuli; Buffalo
brewery; Ross A Hewlett; Norton, Teller A v E
I JCompion; Witzel A Baker: Ml «mikei' Brewery:
Dodge, Sweener A Co; Brigham, HoppeA Co: H
Wh deck A Co; H Kirchmann A Co; a Levy A Co;
Wheaton, Breon A Co; Marshall A Reimers: lluss,
harl . & Co: Dairymen's Union ; Western Meat Co;
Enterprise Brewery; F B Halght; Bissinger A Co;
tbarboro it Cn; J II NewbatHT A Co: 1) Hoberis:
A rallies; H Heckman A Co: M T Freltas A Co; J
Reggi A ton; L D Stone A Co; WC Price A Co: S
f .Mllllqg Co; Wellman. Peck 00; J B Insulin:
American Union Fish Co: a Camllloni A Co; Pac
Coast Fish Co: slnsheimer Bros: Milan! A Co: EX
Geo-?e Shoe Co: J lvancovicn A Co: >tevens A
Arnold;' Wei more Br s; Murphy, Grant ACo : .x
Levy A Co; C«mpodonico A Malcolm Minaker .t
Ueii.anks; OK A N Co. JD ■ Krl ni: Q Unesli &
Co; . L i-catena *. Co: Gould A Jaudin; Veronica
Mineral Water Co: \V F Mitchell; <.ooiiye«r Rub
ber Co: Gray <t Burbi-ri: E R Stevens iB Co; ET
Allen A Co; M Franklin & Bros: L Scatena A Co:
McDonought&Kunyon: Inciric states T> pc Foun
dry: Francii W Lake; D E Allison A Co: Knud<*°n
& Jnzold: C N Resit: j.uitle t Mineral Water Co;
H H Hogan: J A H->«mer: Worth Son: YiKln;
Brewery : Hawley Bros; Wellman, Peck A Co; G J
Beclet,; Hoi brook, Merrill A Stet<on: Wolf & Son:
Kohiberg A Co: E HtZije aid; R D Topil-z; H A
Loz er: Kobler A Fronling; California Cbemiral
Works; M B Sim as: Lowenberg<& Co; Troy Lhuii
dry Co: JHCaln<tCo: Chas I. raves: limn- A
Co: Levl Spiegel A Co: Cerf. Schlois A Co; G"O X
tarr A Co; De Bernard! A Co; H a Crocker A Co:
Hoffman, H A Co: H Alexander A Co: . Dalton
Bros: Lev! Spieeel A Co; A 11 Fruit Co; H O
O'eenhood
OCEAN TRAVEL.
plane COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAY A-3L
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: - '* «-T'
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 A. v. March IV.',
17. 22. 27. . _
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tucomu, Everett, Anacortes and
New W afom (Belliceham Bay, Wash.). 9a. it
Mar 2, 7. 18, 17, 22,27 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
R., atTa<oma with N. P. K. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Towasend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area and Fields Landing (Hum*
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 r. M., March 1. 6,9, 18,
17. 21. as, 29 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Snnta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Uavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Mar h 3, 7, 11, 16, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fouria
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Fort Ilartert
(San Luis Obispo). >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
ecles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Mch. 1,5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Masatlan, L»
Paz and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orlxaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
- 'l he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents. ,<.
1 ■ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&IM. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR.TLAN I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it
1? A "PI?/* 1 2 First-class I Inoludlng
J? -.YlVJli Second-class /berth 4 meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Feb. 27. Mar. 9, 19. 2t
Columbia Msr. 4, 14, -4
Througn tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folder* upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Oenoral Agent.
630 Market street
GOOD ALL. PERKINS CO.. buperlntt-nden-.«
fmmm^»Mmm S.S. AUSTRALIA toe
rSEON IE »ONO L U L V only.
• ParHli% Tuesday, Msrch 2.%,
y"»^^__^^ at p. M. Special party 1
Qin^mcll'irv) rates KS. MARI PCJA i
§lMfl)snip an via IIONOLCIJuf
fnJntoWU-. aai AUCKLAND focf.
VOlllpQlUiP SYDNEY. inursday,
\rrii 1. at 2 p. m.
Line to ARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN,
t/jii § k a f rio ■i_
J. D. SPRKCKELS A BROS. CO.. Ac»nt.<.
114 Montgomery street
FrelKht Ofllce, 327 Market at, san FrancUeo.
WIPAGSIEGEJERALTOAIS.mAiW'J
French Lino to Harrs.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NE\V).43NOItTH A^fiim
\J River toot of Morion st. Tr»veler< by -*rf'' r^
this line avoid both tranill by English railway an! '
th.> discomfort of crossing the channel in » small
boat ;New York to Alexandra, Egypt, via FurU
Urst class 9160. second class $110-
LV BP.ETAGNF ........ .'...'.:. '.March 13. BA. *■
LA .NORMAVDFK. :M»«I» '0. 6a. vc.
CHAMPAGNE ;. March 27, ftA.it
LA'IULtU.U( 'P"," 1 6*" "'
L A BRETAGXE April 10. SA. 1C
tar For further particulars apply to
. A. FORGET, Agent.
. ■ Vo. 3, Bowling Green, New Yorlt.-
3. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. __^ - .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Imvb Pier No 3. Washington St«
At «P. 'M.°ii.lly: *\f'^| lL received p
Railroad. BX JSAMJSK««: Petf , Tn
_.,. , _ J. n. Peters, ton,
T. C. y ft i*f7 city of Stockton.
M KSpgggj.Jjj!!> O..Nav.audl,u,u^
FOS YALLEJO AID U. S. SAYMARft.
gVtAMKR •■M(»'TICELLO."
pally ex. S.:urday «fc Sun.. W™^";™**; *i-
>aiurd»ys •IU.JO.A. it, 4 r. x.r
buuduys • W, "' >' 3 *
JUinding Mlsslon-stree-, Dock, Pier X." v ■
Teh-phone Black 281. I
•Trip blvps 6 hours ivdu ai Navy-Yari'
FOR S.WJOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTACRIZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVER PIEK 1 DAILY
iSuu'iays ocepted) al 10 a. m. Alviso daili-
( Sal unlay excepted) at i p. m. Fre;ghs and
Passenger. -Fare between- San Francisco aui
Alviso, 50c; to i San Jose, 75c Clay v* i'.ul.
20 W. banta Clara at-, Sau Jo»*MAY NOT FORCE
HIM TO WALK
Dr. McLsan Did Much Good,
Though the Harbor Bill
Failed.
Oaklanders Will Probably Help
With the Fare From
Washington.
Council and Supervisors Expected to
Give Something Toward His
Expenses.
Oakland Office Sax Fbascisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 11. )
Dr. J. T. McLean, tne Health Officer ot
Aiameda, may nave to return from Wash
ington in the "same manner in which mem
bers of the third house returned from
Sacramento, unless he shall pay his own
expenses.
When Dr. McLean went to "Washington
there was every prospect that the last
Congress would make an appropriation to
improve the Oakland harbor, and with
this prospect in view a joint committee
composed of members of the commercial
ana official boards of Oakland and
Alameda proposes that the city and
I county governments should each bear a
A .and in defraying the doctor's expenses.
Alameda made the appropriation, but the
Oakland men were more conservative and
promised to recommend an appropriaiion
ii the mission ot Dr. McLean was suc
cessful.
From the Oakland standpoint McLean's
mission wa3 a dire failure. Instead of at
tempting to work through the appropria
tion bill as advised by the joint commit
tee, he i-sued a circular wuich had the
effect of killing off the whole proposition.
Under tnese circumstances the point is
now being debated a.s to whether Dr. Mc-
Lean's mission was such as to justify the
Oakland portion of the curumittee in rec
ommending to the Council that they pay
part of the doctor's expenses.
An informal meeting of tome of the di
rectors of the Board oi TraJe was held to
oay and the matter was discussed. Al
though it was staled thai the la lure ol
the appropriation bill might have been
due to Dr. McLean's inordinate desre to
see the tidal canal end of the estuary
finished first, he had done good work in
bringing the matter before the committees
o: the House at Washington, and it was
acknowledged that it might be a hardship
on the doctor, who is over 70 years ot ape,
to force iiim to walk or pay his own ex
penses back to Alameda.
As matters now stand with the new
Coneress Dr. McLean is in a position
where he can be ot j:reat benefit to the
harbor bill, and under the se circumstances
it is probable that the City Council and
the Board of Supervisors will be asked to
give 1-00 eacb to pay Dr. McLean's ex
penses.
THE ANTI-SALOON FIGHT
A'ameia L q-jor Men Will Or
ganzz for tbe Contest in
April Next.
Ihe Qa?sticns to Be Passed Upon by
Precinct; and Not by the City
as a Wiiole.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— Inasmuch
as so many of tue candidates for munici
pal offices to be voted for on April 12 are
ou all three tickets in tbe fieid, rnuc . in
terest will be detracted from the fignt, so
far as the personality of the candidates is
concerned. Bat mere will be no Jack of
interest in the campaign, and it promises
to center largely, as in the Oakland elec
tion just held, on tbe saloon question.
The saloon-men recognize this fact, and
have already sent out circulars calling a
meeting, at wb eh they will organize to
do battle with the Anti-Saloon League,
which is in the field ready to fight in
tre cause of precinct prohibition. The
question of prohibition will not be sub
ji.uted on the proposiiion to cose all the
saloons, but to have the saloons closed in
any precinct which may ao elect, thus
leaving :hcm to run in precincts where
the voters in favor of so doing are in the
majority.
Th-ia proposition seems to meet with
more popular approval than would one to
summarily close all the saloons in the
city, provided a majority be obtained in
tunport of such a movement An exam
ination ol the licenses that have been
issued fa this city shows that there are
just twenty-three places licensed to sell
liquor in Alameda, or an average of about
one to each 700 of population. There are
thiiteen precincts in Alameda, and of
these three huve no saioons at all , one has
nix, one live, 'our two each and the other
three one each. The saloon men claim
. that in no p. ace in the State i~ tlieir bus -
kness conducted in more orderly fashion
here. There is not a disrepuiabie
Resort in tne c;ty, Die corner-grocery bar
"*- 1 at sniutely unKnown and (lie undesira
abe eatures of tho occupation are reduced
10 ■ m.ninr.im.
Bui : he ti^'ht will bea warra one and the
Anti-Saloon League is confident of carry
ing a goodly shi:re of all the precincts.
A Veteran Succumbs.
' ■ ALAMEDA. Cal., March 11.— News
came from toe Veterans' Home at Yount
viile to-day of the death of James Cook,
i:n old resident of Alameda, who was ad
mitted to that Institution about a month
ago. Cook had lived here since shortiy
Bf.t-r the close of the war and had a host
of friends in Grand Army circles ami else
' where. He entered ih army from Perm
■ sylvania as a private and served through
the war, coming out a.i a lieutenant. He
was in the brigade commanded by General
Hayes, and at the time of the raid on
' Weldon, in which be participated, he was
captured and sent to Libby urison. He
took part in the memorable attempt made
. by twenty-seven of me prisoners to escape
by means of a tunnel, bin was not so lor
tui.a:e as some of i.is companions and was
recaptured.
. Soon after he was sent to the prison at
. . Danver, N. C, but was finally exchanged
and rejoined his regiment. He put in
very nearly five years of hard service.
He received a commission as first lieu
tenant in November, 1864, and was honor
ably discharged in June, 1865. He was at
* one time a police officer in this city, and
ran an express, business for a long tince,
but finally became greatly broken in
4 health and incapacitated for caring for
«A ii:)self. As stated, he was admitted to
y lie Veterans' Home about a month aeo.
Death nt an Old San Franciscan
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— Las;
night at her residence in this city, Hi 4 St.
. Charles street, Mrs. Elizabeth C. Hag
' ihrop died at i lie advanced age of 82 years.
.Mrs. Hagtnrop bat many friends in
. San Francisco, where -he resided for
" many years, having been one of the early
pioneers. Her iiuibaad, Edward Hag
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
throp. wa> one of the old-time hardware
merchants, and the family resided for
many years on Sutler street, near 'laylor.
; Mrs. Hagtlirnp died from ailments due to
old age. She leaves two daughters, one
the wife of William J. Gunn, the real
estate dealer, and the other Mrs. Virginia
Crafts of this city, with whwu she resided
at the time of her death. The funeral wilt
take piaco on Friday morning at 10 0 clock
from the late residence. The decoa&ed
was a native of Baltimore, Ma., and was a
member or the Harrod family, one of the
best known of that State.
Filing- Nomination Certificates.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— In addi
tion to receiving nominations from vari
ous organizations, the candidates for
election at the coming municipal polling
are filing petitions, so as to be within the
Jaw and leave no loophole for objection.
Ten Mich petitions were filed to-day.
There are yet c even days in which to tile
the remainder, but ell the candidates are
hurrying to get them in, so as 10 be on
the :a!e side.
Labor Exchange.
ALAMKDA, Cal., March 11.— The
branch Labor Exchange was fully organ
ized in this city last evening and the fol
lowing officers elected: President, Green
Majors: vice-president, Mrs. T. P. Mars
ton; secretary, L. S. Orcutt; accountant,
S. G. Mitchell; directors— R. H. H. Hunt.
G. F. Weeks, W. H. Robinson, N. J.
Manson, L. R. Marston, T. D. "Weymoaih
and L. Smith.
truing on the Stage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— When
Miss Dorothy l'Hote makes her debut at
: the California Theater on April 2 she will
; have as one of her support a well-known
young lady of Aiameda in the person" of
Miss Julia Noy, daughter of William H.
| Noy. a prominent resident of this city.
As an amateur Miss Noy achieved a good
reputation.
■
ACCUSED OF SULKING.
Co-Eds Said to Lock Askance at
the Athletic Depart
ment.
Bee use th? Fasket.Ball Team Did
Not Gat Big "C's" They
Feel Hurt.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.— The
journalistic controversy at the Stare Uni
versity, instituted by the Occident, has
taken a decided turn and now the co-eds
are charged with sulking when they do
not get what they want.
It is asserted that they have refused to
support athletics because the basket-ball
co-eds were not awarded big "CV along
with the football men as emblems of ath
letic distinction.
Following is an epitome of an article
which appeared in the students' weekly
to-day in answer to a communicatio n
under the name of Diogenes, which has
had a rasping effect on some of the young
women:
Instead of defending themselves with a
womanly candor ana frankness that would
have well become a cause so deserving tuev
have been inclined to sulk and to "g -t even"
in a manner ratner suited to little girls In sun
bonnets ana pinafores than to dignified col
legians. We will not instance the present
affair as a case in joint. Possibly before this
matter drops some co-ed will arise and make a
dignihei and womanly refutation of D.ogenes'
assertions. We wish sue would, although we
can scarcely hope that she will.
We will refer 10 another case: About a year
ago the co-ed basket-ball players failed to get
big "C" emblems, to which, we are thoroughly
convinced, they were justly entitled. It is
true that no request was made on the part of
the co-eds for tne bite "( 's," but they were
nevertheless entitled to them, and in Deins;
refused them the co-ids were unfairly treated.
Since that time very few of the co-eds have
done anything to help the athletic association
of the un'verslty. We do not like to believe
that the former fact is toe cause, the latter the
effect. It is unpleasant to think that our sister
colleeians would resort to this means of petty
revenge — that they would tacitly thus aid
Stanford to bring about our ath. eticov rthrotv
merely to satisfy a feminine spite. Yet if re
ports are to be credited some such motive is
actuating the woman students in their refusal
to support college athletics.
We regret very much to see the co-eds act
thus. We are sorry to see them cast discredit
upon a just cause, and a cause which, if
pleaded with earnestness ana candor, could
not but be successful. If the co-ids felt that
their baske -b II players were entitled to the
emblems why did they not, womanlike, make
a frank r. quest for which they would not be
lacking champions? And if they feel ag
grieved at the comments of Diogenes why do
they not answer openly and becomingly? 'The
men studenU are not prejudiced against the
women they are proud ot them, as they
may well be, but they are not blind to their
faults. When the co-eds stand firmly mid
with dignity for what of right is theirs they
will always have stanch supporters to plead
their cause.
Charter Day Exercises.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.—Presi
dent Martin Kellogg of the State Univer
sity announced to-uay that Ihe following
speakers had been chosen to deliver ad
dresses on Charter day, which falls on
March 23:
For the faculty, Dr. Joseph Le Conte; for the
alumni, Ho. i. William R. Davis, president of
the association; lor the students, J. O. Eislon,
chairman of the student body.
The exercises will be held in Harmon
eymnasium, as has been customary
hitherto. Music will be furnished by the
University Glee Club and a stringed or
i chestra.
Prix a for a Critique.
BERKELEY. Cal., March 11.— Professor
L. D. fcjvle of the department ot Knclish at
the fctate Univesitv has offered a prize of
|20 for the best critique of "The Cnapiain's
Revenge," which is to be producfd by s;u
-dentß of the English department on Char
ter day. The criticism mint consist of
between 1500 and 1000 words, and mu-t
touch on plot, incident characterizations,
social background, tendency and relation.
The contest is open to ail student! except
ing those participating in the play.
Berk«l«y-Olyutp'c Baseball.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.— The
UmverM.y of California baseball team
Will meet the Olympic Club nine at Cen
tral I'ark nex; Saturday afiernoon.
PRESBYTtRIAL SOCIETY.
Annual Meeting of Home Missionary
Interest* at Mill*.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Match 11.— The an
nual meeting of the Oakland J'retbyterial
Society assembled to-day nt Mills College.
There were over 200 delegates present and
the exercises were almost entirely of a
religious nature and no more time was
devoted to business than was absolutely
necessary.
Mr-. E. M. Garretta, the president,
opened the proceedings at 11 o'clock, and
after a short address introduced Mrs.
MiKs, who welcomed the society in a few
cordial words. "♦
Miss Belle Gsrretle, the Young People's
secretary, announced in her report that
there were thirty-six auxiliary societies,
eight inior societifs, four Sunday-schools,
tiiree Bands, two Kind's Daughters Circes
and one Boys' Brigade, and tuese include
a membership of 1400.
O.heraddresses were made by Evangelist
Munholl, Mrs. K. F. Coyle, Mis* Mary
Keichum and others.
Mrs. Hoag reported the receipts of the
society for the year to have Leen $2008 37.
First Christian Church Dinner.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— The ladies
of tie P.rst Christian Church of Oakland
will give a dinner to-night (Friday) from
5 to 8 in the parlors of the ciairci, corner
of Thirteenth and Market streets.
» — * — -
TO ClIiK A COLO IX ONE DAY.
Take laiutireßromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
giiis. leiuuU the mouey U 1 1 iu:ia io cure, v&c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 3IARCH 12, 1897.
F. S. HASTINGS'
PROMISE IS KEPT
San Leandro, in Gala At
tire, Recsives His
Gift.
Hundreds of Children Sing While
a Beautifu F.ag Is
Raised.
The Pretty Tcwn Proclaims a Holi
day and Devotes a Day
to Pleasure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broa<lway. March 1L j
A few months ago P. S. Hastings of San
Leandro made a promise that if McKinley
were elected he would donate to his town
lhe largest flagstaff and flag that could be
found. The election last fall made it in
cumbent on him to keep bis promise, and
to-day the town of San Leandro was given
over to festivity.
The exercises partook partly of the
nature of a Republican celebration, a
patriotic flag- raising and a display ot
school children. Not less than 3000 peop'e
attended the ceremonies p.t the piaz.i and
as the day could not have been more
perfect everybody was encouraged to do a
little decorating, and the town has not
appeared so lively since the Democratic
County Convention over Iwo year- ago.
Promptly at 1 o'clock a detachment of
G. A. R. men fired a salute of minute
guns, one in honor of each star in the
flag. After the firing of the salute a pro
cession was formed with the veterans in
the lead and marched to the schoo'.house.
Five hundred little Americans cayly at
tired and carrying flags and flowers were
then escorted to the plaza.
Joseph Herscherr, iHe chairman, gave
the order to rai?e the fly, and as soon as
it wra at tne masthead F. S. Hastings,
who is himself a veteran, made a pretty
little speech f<.rmi\lly presenting t >i e n\»j.
-air.l fl irpole to iho city. It was accepted
by B. L>. Gray, preside ni ol the Board of
Tru-tees, and he ihnnkeil the {river on
behalf of the town, everybody cho red and
waved their hats and the sound of grati
tude could be heard a mi c away.
W. fl. Lant don, president of ihe^day,
delivered a short address in which ho ex- |
pressed his entire approval of patriotic j
praci:ces which cannoi fail to create a |
fasting imj resnon for good in the minds |
of the yo ing, and cunnot help out increase
the fervor of those who have nearly com
pleted ihe battle of Hie.
The children then saluted the fl.ig and
accompanied by the band, sang in chorus, !
"Red, White ami Biue." Professor D»W- I
barn in his -peech made the following I
reference to Comrade Hustings, who-e
patriotism had prompted him to donate
the fl«g:
One of the hoys In blue who hastened to
meet the foe whs our friend and neighbor, V.
S. Hastings, who lias this day presented 1 1 ■*
witti this noble present. Young as he then
was, ho had a'.reauy been trained to urras In
his native State of Massachusetts. Bui he was
nt that lime a resident of New York and a
member 01 the celebrated Seventh Regiment
ofthntcitr. He immediately joined the Pur
yea Zouaves ami at once learned what war
"means in many a bloody skirmisli and scout,
till at last he lell dangerously wounaed in
hend and limb by a bursting shell. .
-When n citizen hastens to such dancer it is
because he is proud or his country. When he
lai's dangerously wounded, face to Ihe toe, it
is his country which is proud 01 him.
bo Sergeant Hastings lay in the hospital,
fighting death and the doctor, who wanted to
ami utmehis limb. But he whs at last able to
leave that hospital and hastened to ■ New
Tort, where he enrolled 100 bray.' volunteers
and once again hastened to the front, receiv-
Inn a trraud ovation as his troops passed
through i'hilHdeli'hia
But it was toon di;-c< vered that his wounds
were lar 100 severe to permit of his return to
active duty. So he had to huoinlt, tut his
country and his country's flag was to be the
eiory of his life. lie promised the Grand
Army or the Republic, when It visited this
State, to unlurl its ting before God and man.
and you all see how he has, this day, fu.fl.led
his promise. ;
Ex-Judge Nye mnrle one of his charac
teristic speeches. He came to gan Lean
dro a third of a crntury ago, when he was
a young man with a newly wedded wife,
He told the story of how they started to
worK hand in hand, and with their first
savings bought iand and built a horn on
Hayes street, where they lived for twenty
five happy yars.
President Lynch of the County Board of
Education com] 1-ted the speech- making,
and the pleasant affair terminated with
"A merica.''
AN IMPORTANT SUIT.
Condemnation Proceedings Against the
Cohen Estate for the Opining of
a Greatly Needed Street.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— The suit
for the condemnation of the land of the
Cohen property necessary for the opening
and extension of Lincoln avenue is set
down for trial before Judge Ogden on
Monday next.
City Attorney Tuylor is confident of ob
taining a judgment in favor of the city.
Property-owners affected by the opening
have almost exhausted their patience at
t:;e long deltys, and their disquiet was
made known at the City Trustees' last
meeting, when, represented by Eniile
Hirschfeld, a demand was made for action
or a return of the money paid for the im
provement or the actual opening of the
barricaded street.
The Cohen residence property is the
keystone to the situation in the northeast
ern end of the Aiameda peninsula. It
blocks Ihe proposed roadway from the
main railroad depot in Alamecia to prop
erty and residences east o: High street
and to all portions of the country east
ward, leaving a circuitous route to and
from the city by means of Santa Clara
avenue. An outlet for this district has
lon been wanted, and in compliance with
public demand the City Trustees ap-
pointed a commission to open the street.
The commission assessed the cost of work
at $7723 65. and awarded Mrs. Kmilie G.
Cohen $0100 dnmiiees for land taken as
against $3526 55, the assessment against
that land. The award was refused, and
Mrs. Cohen went to law to set aside the
proceeding?, and then the commissioners
instituted the enrdcnination proceedings.
WORKING THEIR WAY.
One Hundred and Thirty-Ono Students
at Berkeley ray Part of Their
Expense*.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.— Manager
Bristol of the Students' Ail Society ut the
State University bas Compiled a statistical
report of the number of Berkeley students
living in the collepe town, tlio>e residing
el>ewhere and coining to rk< lev daily
for tiseir- recitation?, ar.u a list of those
who are working either a part or tneir en
tire way through.
Following is part of what he has to say:
The erst of living in a fraternity house varies
from $22 50 to $4."i per month.
The boiiruinK cubs are a sort of "communis
tic mush" organized for me siku 01 eomlort
or. an cconomlciil basis. There are four such
clubs in lierkeley. They have a total member
ship of thirty-nine as detailed In the tabulnr
statement. t;i ■• cost of living In the«e joily
camps is from $12 to $1G ptr month. Next to
the boarding i-lui.s in the scale of economy
are i lie students who keep homo for them
selves. There are ssveniy of these plucky
p.'uple iii the university, eighteen of whom are
>oung women. 'Jhes" students live at v
monthly cost or from $5 to $11.
That mere are only 3dO students boarding
in Berkeley was one of me surprising disc v
eriesof our work. There are ov.r 125 places in
Berkeley where board or lodging or both may
be unit. Combin ng these two tact*, we nave
an average of about three students to <■ .eh
place. The rest of the statement is sell-ex
planatory, yet it might be summarized In this
way. How profoutM. a .college spirit may we
expect when we learn, as ih'.se figure* show,
thai 819 students live In their own home* ?
There are among the whole student boily
131 students, ho, by their own efforts, do
S'linethiuu toward mt-etin« their colle^o ex
penses. One -nil iid red and one of these are
young men and fin en are young women.
Forty-six .studfiits corn their board nud lodg
ing, or its equivalent, in cash. ■
Of the c"tire 1430 students attending
Berkeley, 122 life In "frat >; houses, 39 in
board me ciubs, 70 are housekeeping t>tu
detns, 380 live in boarding-house-. Of
those w o live at home tix-re are 253 in
Berkeley, 239 in Oakland. 35 in Alameda,
253 in Kan Francisco and 39 elsewhere.
* Stole » Hat
OAKLAND, CAL, March 11.— Miss May
Fountain, 19 'years of a c, was arrested
yesterday 'or stealing a Inn from v Wash
ington-street miiiinery-store. The hat
whs f una under her c oak. It was stated
that Migs Fountain w:is a kleptomaniac,
and she was released on b.iiL
Will Write N. More.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— Stephen
P. H. Henderson, the writer of the anony
mous letters to public officials, who -i^ned
himseif "Jack the It pper," was commit
ted to Uktah to-day. Several of his let
ters were found on him when arrested,
DR. MUNHALL CAN
RIDE A WHEEL
Challenges Scms Alame
dans to Ride to San
Jose.
Will Give a Dinner to All
Members Who Arrive Be
fore Him.
The Affair Originated With the Dis
turbance Be.we?n C ub anl
M eting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 11. j
Evangelist Munhall may have to pay
for several dinners in San Jose next Satur
day. Behind this probability are several
little incidents— some uleasant, some un
pleasant and some humorous.
At the present time Dr. Munhall is doing
his best to lessen the wickedness of Ala
nieda. He is holding meetings in the
uoper part of a hall on Park street, the
lower part of which is occupied by a bi
cycle club. The bicyclists are not always
riding their wheels, and in the evening
make a sort of lyceum of their clubroom.
During the past two weeks the sineing
of the evangelist choir has disturbed the
cyclists occasionally, and during the doc
tor's most earnest exhortation the laugh
ter and singing from the clubroom has
not always been enjoyed by those up
stairs.
A few days flgo a very courteous letter
was received by the evangelist, asking
that a confi rence he held so that the
singing upttaira and the merriment down
stairs miglit b- timed so that neither
would prove unpleasant to the oilier.
N;glit hi fore last while Dr. Munhail was
earnestly delivering his •'finally" he was
c onsiderably disturbed by the violent exit
ol several of the cyclists. '1 he noise they
made almost drowned the pastor's words
and he made some forcibie references to
the incident. The doctor's lancuagfi is
always forcible, and on this occasion bo
ns-ed the word *'ho< dlum. 1 ' This, of
course, provoked some op.osition on the
I'art of the ciub, and last night the evan
jje'i^t tried to bnni; matters to a ctimux.
From t he platform he siat°d mat he
was not only nn evangelist but he was
al-o an athietr, and he did not consider
that he was At all inferior mc, a cyclist to
the men wlio shared the other part of the
hall. He made the proposition that next
Saturday lie would ri.ee the wnole club t>>
S;m Ji>«e, and .'greed to pay :or a dinner
ior all tlio^p members that got there abead
Mt him. Notice of this challenge was
quickly conveyed to the club, and several
members have expressed their willingness
to take up the evangelist's defi.
Will See the Fight.
OAKLAND. Cal . March 11.— A party
ot Oakianders, including several bankers,
attorneys and politicians, have chartered
a special train to go to Carson to witness
the tight. Thpy will leave on the after
noon of the 16ih and expect :o te home
on the morning oi the 18th, after an ab
sence from Oakland of about tbirty-six
hours.
Cruzy or Criminal.
OAKLAND, Cal., Marcu 11. — Antone
Costanumo, the luilian who was arrested
for practicing con lidence tricks, was com
mitted to Stockton to-day. The police are
very doubtful whether lie is insane or not,
although his tricks at the j nl indicate that
he is a aangerous lunatic. He wrote
some letter", however, which show that
he i- possessed of very sound sense, and
should hi* reason suddenly return at
Stockton^ he Will be brought back here to
stand trial ior felony.
Secretary Hoffman Speak*.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— Mrs.
Cl .ra Hoffman. National secretary of the
W. C. T. U., spoke to-night at the First
Methodist Church on the wor<c in which
sne is engaged. Next Sunday morning
she will occupy Dr. McLean's pulpit, and
Saturday afternoon will attend a recep
tion at the Y. M. C. A. Home.
Spiritualists Organize.
OAKLAND. Cat-., March 11.— The soir
itualis s of Oakland have organized a
Union Spiritualists' Scciety lor the pur
Auction 8a lee
■■ CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIOJESiV
bal««rootns— 1135 Market Sitraa;.
THIi DAY.
Friday.............. ....March 12, 1897,
• " At 10 o'clock a. M.. at salesroom,
1135 MAKKKT ST.. bet. 7th nnl Bth.
SjSBBtiaBORaSW^: ....WK WILL SELL V ■••" '
AN ELEGANT L.IS& of FURMTDBE.
Carpets, Bedding, stoves and Manxes: Counter
and Baclc Bar; Orocer.es: L quors, etc.
CUAh. LKV'V x, i:u., Auctlonearv.
AUCTION SALE!
No. 38 SIXTH STREET.
THIS DAY,
Friday... •• March 12, 1897,
At a o'clock p. m.
A FINE LINE OF TOOLS.
Also, Good Stock of Stationery. '
Dealers take notice. ; - : 'i.v'
-;:. • U IT. BtJRD. Auctioneer.
\
pose of erecting a temple of spiritualism |
in some prominent place in this city. For .
several years the number of spiritualists
has been steadily increasing and there is
now a desire to concentrate tneir strength
and have a central organization.
Acini) Boxing. .
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11. — The
championship contests of the boxing tour
nament Riven by the Acme Club at the
Exposition building to-nieht were won by
Charles P. Tye of the Acme Club and
Charles Reno of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club. Tye defeated F. Gideon Ely of
the Olympic Club without trouble, bu
there was considerable dissatisfaction
shown at the decision giving the contest
to Reno over Joe Fields of the Acme Club.
W. W. Finney of the Olympic Club was
referee and James Fox and John William*
son of thu Reliance, umpires.
■*;,'.' .'-'-'• '.':'.'. ■ '
AN UNSOLVED RIDDLE
Rev. C. H. Hobart Asks Coun
cilman Manuel for More Light
on His Vote.
The Sunday C csing Matter Will Not
Die— Right to Critic z; Is
Discussed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 1L j
The challenge of Councilman Manuel to
Rev. C. H. Hobart has been partially ac
cepted. This afternoon the reverend gen
tleman published an ODen letter to the
Councilman, in which ne mates some
very poignant remarks.
Mr. Hobart commences his long disqui
sition by stating that the action of a pub
lic official is always open to public exam
ination and criticism, and assures Mr.
Manuel that his action in regard to the
closing of saloons on Sunday is being
judged in the light of his own actions.
By way of reminding the Councilman of
the basis for the present quarrel, which
was caused by tho statement that Mr.
Manuel had been bulldozed by saloon
keeper?, Mr. Hobart says: "At the re
quest of a large body of citizens of O.'k
land you and your feiiov.-Councilmen
agreed lo submit the Sunday-closing ques
tion to the people. Suddenly, unexpect
edly and preatly to the disappointment of
a large body of your fellow-townsmen,
you reconsidered your action and retused
to allow a free and official expression of
tlie people at the polls."
Mr. Hobart then referred to the fact
thai Mr. Manue' and Mr. Mott changed
their votes and were thus responsible for
the defeat of the measure, ami proceeds:
"Naturally we begin to seek a rea on for
such a sudden cilange of from on your
part. Soon we recalled the boycott with
whir.h you personally told us you were
threatened by the liquor dealers three
years ago, on account ot kindred Droposed
action. We recall similar measures by
liquor men in other plac<-s, and it seems
reasonable to conclude th it they were
once more applying to you the thumb
screws of the boycott. Thli conclusion
was the more ju>tilied as we observed that
the saloon-keepers were present in force
when you refuseti to allow the question to
come belore the people. Cuuncilmen are
sui posed to have good reasons for their
official actions, bat if you have ever as
signed adequate reasons for refusing to
allow your townspeople to voteon Sunday
clo-in 1 have failed to hear of it. It was,
therefore, i.aiura: thai we should attrinute
your actions to influences that, actor sing
to your own statement, were so forcibly
brought against y<>u two years ago."
The reverend gentleman then refers to
the ifIOOO which Councilman Manuel
offered yesterday if it coul.i be provpd
tuat h.s action was taken because 'of the
saloon men's dictation. He concludes]
"in closing, pernr.i me to s«y that it -till
remains a riddie to tnousinas of citizens
what led our Couneilmeti to sucli reversal
ot action as wa* Witnessed recently in the
Council chamber. I guessed at the riddle
and you say I guested wrong. Well, 1
g,ve it up. Will you not give us the
answei ? It would please thousands of us
miglitiiy."
SERGEANT FITZGiBBON'S WILL 1
His $30,000 i:-t;>tt- I<» to 1> Distributed {
Amun; ICelatives.
The will of the late Police Fergeant
John M. FitZßibbon has been Hied for
probate.
Sergeant Fitzgibbon left an estate worth
$30,000, the greater part of which is com
posed of gilt-edge real estate In this City.
The daughters of the deceased, Sarah
Louisa Moore and Eliza June White, are
to receive the greater part of the estate.
A lot of land Liberty street is ordered
to be sold and the proceeds lire to be
divided hetvreen Eliza Jame* of Puicoast
burgh. O"io, ' Htiii Catherine K»nty of
Limerick, Ireland. ' ■
"I will that my gold watch and chain j
be given to my dear friend, Daniel C.
CouKhiin," is the final provision of the I
testator. The will was executed in the j
presence o/ William Cnllen and John T. '
Wright, February 17. 1881. :-- : ;
• <■ — • ' ■
Held for Burglsry.
James Ryan and George Burke were yester
day held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Coulan on the ciarge of burgUry In
$3000 im'li. Ryan and Burke broke into the
tH.l i.r shop of John Rheins. 509 Valencia
street, nun sto>e inne bolts of cloth and iwo
pairs of trousers. They were arrested whue
carrying liieir plunder by Policemen John
Dougherty, Pyle and Rooker.
» ♦ .
'. , Levin Itros. Incorporated.
Articles of Incorporation of Levin Bros, were
filed yesterday, with a capiiai of $100,000,
rubscrtbe<l as fo lows: Marcus Wolf, $18, 850;
Jacob Levin, $6000: Aaron S. Levin, #50;
Maurice £• Lfcvin, $50: Abram B. Levin, $50.
Tne persons named above aro directors of t^e
incorporation.
I "^^^^MANHOOD RESTORED-"™---
O6 r^CJ SB^ -^T "InllllUUll lI InC I UllLUVtollz«T,thep?eaLrlp.
V* *<~-t*x tPM tZo? a. tlon or a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
-11 v '\ 1 Wry -• vT vons or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
>i ASA I \i . Jt+J\ Insomnia, l'ains in the Buck, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
T m^9L -I '•Wr Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Kihuustin^ Drains, Varlcocle and
Vl» .W • "V • — ■ Constipation. •It stops all losses by day or night. Prevent* quick- ■
.. X s _ / »y ness oi discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
Q.rnni «■••»' ictpq all the horrors of Impotency. (TPIDERE cleanses Uieliver, U><
BLrunL «kd Mr i en kidneys and the urinary onranp of all impurities.
1 «JITPI«>IJNE strengthens and restores small weak organs. . ■.- .' ......
The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c°"t are troubled wlt^
l*roat>tllla. CDPI DEN Els the only fcnovn remedy to cnre without un opt- ration. 5000 testimony '
Bis. - A written jrunrantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent curft
■I) "* n hox,slxfor}s.oo,by mail. Send for jute circular and testimonials. .
▲ idredi UAVO-* M.*"''»lClNli; CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale bjr
- - /.. tKUOJia' V AIt V AC Y. U9 FoweU street. -^
IMWA auctidi COIP.4IT. :
1057 Market Street.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
THIS DAY, ?*
Friday March 12. 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
■ 1057 Market Street.; Opposite Jones.
We will sell for account of the administrator one
Very Pretty Bar and Back Bar Foo rail: Glass-
ware; Liquors; '£ Walnut-top Tables: Swinging
boors: ClocK: 1 OM-style Pool 'lable; Idas
Jtaiue. with watex-b»ck: a Oak Bedroom -ults:
■ 1 » ioiia: I asli Register: sideboard: Hall Rack :
Lady's ' Writing Desk; assortmeut of i hairs and,
Rockers: Parlor Tables; ICnuted Bedspreads;
Engravings; Paintings; Statuary; Crockery;
l.lnoelum ana Carpets: I Singer Sewing-
machine; etc. Indiana Auction Company,
. . : - . -r H. J. LEUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
GRAND GROCERY AUCTION.
J.C. MUTHER. AUCTIONEER.
Office. 63 S Market.
WILL StSLL ON S\TUItDAY,
March 13. 1897, at 9JI Post St., corner of Hyde,
commencing at 11 a. m., sharp, a very fine and
extensive stock of staple and fancy groceries,
j wines, liquors and cigars, very fine scales, coffee-
I mill, showcases, etc. All must and will be sold to
| the highest blddf-r, without reserve.
ADRIFT AMONG
STRANGE PEOPLE
Queer Predicament of a
Woman From Mendo
cino County.
Leaves Her Hotel for a Week
and Is Unab'e to Find It
Again.
She Speaks No English and Does Not
Enow the Nairn of the House
or the Street.
Mrs. H. Neilsen, a Russian Finn woman
who arrived here on Tuesday from Men
docino and who speaks no English, is in
exactly the same position as the Indian
who was seen walking aimlessly about the
street with his eyes lixed on the pave
ment. Asked if ne was lost he eravely
replied:
"Indian no lost. Indian here," tapping
his breast. "Trail lost."
Mrs. Neilsen denies that she is lost, but
admits she cannot find her hotel.
There is a very pathetic side to the story
that came out while the poor woman was
applying, with the aid ot an interpreter,
for assistance at the California-street
police station yesterday afternoon.
She came to this City to meet her hus
band, who had preceded her, and after
making some purchases they were to re
turn home. Sue Drought her little girl, a
child of four years, witti her, and went to
a hotel in the norttiern <p art of lne City.
The next afternoon she >:rew t'. r ed wait
ing for her husband, who was detained
by business els-wlicre, and started out for
a walk to see Hie sights.
Since then stie has been unable to find
her hotel, and with her cnild has wan
dered about asking many in her own
tongue for aid in timl njj her lodgings, but
recfivin? in most cases nothing but be
wildered stares.
On Wednesday night she applied at the
station, but. the po.ice could not under
stand ber and finally directed her to a
Russian Finn's house at 47 Sacramento
street, where she stayed over night, and
then started a^ain on her search lor the
her el.
Yesterday afternoon she came again,
this time wi:h a man who understood her
language, and tried to induce the police
to find the hotel. Sue said she was not
lost, but could not find the place where
she had lodged.
fche did not know the name of the house
nor the sireet it wason and could give but
a vague description of the place. From
what l.ttle could bo learned through the
interpreter it was surmised that sh»
meant the Chicago Hotel and she was
sent there.
She did not appear to be alarmed at her
predicament and the little child smiled
shyly at the big policeman as sue hung to
her mother's hand.
BASEBALL TO-DAY.
The John !• wetts and Clement Team
Will Play at Central Park. , -
The Jo:.n Swett and Clement Grammar
schools baseball teams play at Central
Park at 3:30 o'clock to-morrow for the
championship of the grammar schools.
The John Swetts will appear in their new
uniforms. Following, are the {-layers and
their positions:
John Swnts. roUtlons. Clements.
Many ieg«rf Catcher Jorgerson
John l,ane } I'itcher W. well
W. »oC rthy /*"
K. Girgen. Ilrst baift Bate*
Will Lane Seconu Dase I). >eiylcr
George Keatine Thlra base George Bray
u'M^nhy } Shortstop. JKldd
'£• sou" 15 } Lett field A. McKell
I (Jtonce Kpsenbiel Wight field J. Barricklo
Kd Hr fli 1.. Outer field K. l arier
H. i-.K^ers. manager Jo. 111 welts. .J. X.aue, cap
tain John Mv.'it^
— * —
A Goocl-j i>a(N Journal.
The first number of "Highways," a monthly
journal, devoted, as its name implies, to the
encouragement of the good-roads movement,
has just been issued, and if general get-up
and the hi^h-cla^s quality of technical matter
go for anything irshould have a long and Suc
cessful future before it. "ihe oojcc:s of tno
'nt-w journal are more Inllv explained in the
foilo.vlng extract lro:n its cjlumns:
<;ooJ roedseriliu the attention of business men.
bnt)k<is, staicsm n. farmers, mnnufactuter*. en
uiii ■>•!-. phi.osophers, and of eveiy line lig-nt
<iit |n. however h tube his «ta I. nin lite the
tru.b of .his user, ion is -v d>nctd by .ho increas
ing space devo i-J 10 road pro vein • l>y th ■
da ly pre-s of the country »nd oy pub lcalibOS of
every kind.
Ii seem* unfit, therefore. In tfce Infinite number
I of.cl.s< interests which- have r presentation
throng i sp>>( ia journals i hat this ■ re..t and gro w
ing mierest -li ulii not have a pre-a organ or Its
own, a pu ica;lon 80ie>y advocating road ant
street imi rovrment and organ. r lion, apart frwm
any o -it subject, aud no' as subsidiary to at.
o:her irad , profession or interest.
"Highways" is published in San Francisco,
Chicui.o and New York and isedi:t-d by Char
Freem«n Johnson, acting secretary or the Na
tional Le gue for Good Roads, New York and
Sun Francisco, and by Ernest M Cullough,
C.E., consulting engineer of the Merchants'
A-soci-ttlon of th's City. . .
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLm.^Mk X F.ABX V NT. Established
4^^^^aßw In I M 4 for the treatment of Private
M Ik wBI Dlseiwfi, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
H •Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
Hj others fail. Try him. Charges low.
< m «■« iruai Call or write,
i Dr. J. ►'. V.IBIION. JBok 1937. 5 an Francisco.
1314
TESTIFIED SHE
HAS A THIRD EYE
Judge Slack Informed in
Regard to Mystic
Powers.
Palmistry and Magnetic Healing
Explained in a Will
Contest.
Why B. D. Gr;ggs, an Old Miner,
Gays a Comparative S ranger
$800
Judge Slack listened to a description of
the methods used by a so-called magnetic
healer in the treatment of a patient. He
also received information in regard to
clairvoyancy and lalmistry. Mrs. Ella
M. Stewart, who confesses that she has
been blessed with three husbands but is
now a wfdow, was the witness who con
tributed to the enlightenment of the court
as to her profession in life, and incident
ally touching the manner in which she
came to write a will for the late B. D.
Grig;;s bequeathing $?00 to heraeJi.
Mrs. Stewart is a well-preserved lady of
about 50 winters, with a bt> ad face, ample
form becomingly clad, diamonds in bei
ears and rings on both hands. Her voice
is well modulated and she uses many ges
tures. The iady delivered her testimony
in a very effective manuer and was coru
plimenied even by opposing counsel on
tlie acumen she displayed in presenting
her side of the controversy in its strongrst
light. She wore a hat trimmed with jets,
and the glittering ornaments that milli
ners call aigieues shook defiantly, not to
say threateningly, at Attorney Schell
irom time to time as she answered his
troublesome que>t ons.
"You call yourself a clairvoyant, do you
not?" asked "Mr. Schell.
"Yes, sir."
"You pretend to foretell the future of
the Uve> of your subjects, do you not?"
"I have the power of clairvoyance, if
that is what you mean."
•\\ ill you please explain what you mean
by thai?"
"I know things intuitively, or by con
centration of the mind, as it weie. 1
have ttiat power. I do not pre
lend to explain it. The seat of
that power is just between the physical
eyes. It is a third eye just here," and she
tapped lier forehead between the eye
brows, bue does not seem to need a third
eye, as the iwu visual organs that are vis
iu.e to the ordinary oDserver appear to be
sufficient. They are black and piercing.
This avowal of supernatural power
appeared to overawe the lasvyer, for he
pursued that inquiry no further. He as
certained that sue preiehdec! to a kuowl- I
ed^e of yaimistry. She said she read
G d's lines on the hand and interpreted
his nifssage.
Magnetic healing she also professes, and
explained tutu stie cures by the laying on
01 hands. Sne rtqmres considera. Ie room
for Lief openition>, as it is necessary lor
her to tiirow tne evil print ipie ot tne
malady from her nnger-tipa at each move
ment, and she illustrated tne process by
t!i rowing her hands to her side with a
j-.-rky motion.
Coming to the case of Mr. Griggs, she
said thai when Uiey met she saw at a
glance that ne could not live. He applied
to her for a diagnosis of his case, and after
her usu;il formula had keen gone through,
including a mm at palmistry and the
like, t-he to:d him the trouble with him
■was that he had a pain at ttie pit of his
stomacii, caused by some foreign sud
stance. He did not deny that, and sue
asked hiru if he had ever drui.k from a
muuntam stream. He replied: "Oh,
yes. lam a n.iner, and ofiea drink from
me snow spriiiK"* oi the mountains."
"Then 1 asted him if lie remembered to
have ever swallowed a frog or a lizard.
" 'No,' he replied, 'out that reminds me
of one nme 1 was roobed. They gave me
cb!oro:orm and thrust the neck of the
boti.e and the stopper down my throat.
The piece of bottle and stopper were of
rubber, and they remained in my stomach
for a long time, but at last I pot some
medicine that r.-lieved me of them.'
"Then \ asked Mr. Griggs if he had ever
eaici any pors and he said: 'Why, yes,
wliiie I was In ttie mountains I almost
lived on hum and bacon.' So I said to
him, 'Well, that exp ains ii. That lias
made it worse."
Mr. Scneli called the attention of the
witness to the fact that all the physicians
in the case had testified that the trouble
of ihe dead man was notrin the stomach,
but was in the lower bowels, and asked
her if she was willing tc put lier clairvoy
ant diagnosis against tne expert opinion
of the medical experts, when they de
clared that tne trouble was in the lower
intestine^?
"Thai was a mistake. lie never had a
pain there, 1 ' was lier pos 11 ive reply.
When asked how she came 10 oe named
in ti e will for ?800 oi the §2H){) es.ate
•when she had known Mr. Griggs
only a few weeks, Mrs. Stewart
answered that her patient s-eenied
grateiul to her for ihe relief she
hud given him, ana that he wished to
enow nii appreciation. She said she
wrote 'he will strictly at his uictation.
She had not expected a legacy. Sue ad
mitted ihat she rubbed ins head and called
him "dear," but said she would do that
with any old man \ ho was her paiieni.
She also told with a merry laugh of how
Ehe combed his hair on one occasion, and
then related the fact that he cried when
he was about to move from the lodging
hou-e in which she lived. He kept his
door locked and she had a secret signal by
which she obtained admittance.
In the evidence it was developed that
Mrs. Stewart and a;iotber beneiiciary un
der the will signed as attesting witnesses,
and afterward she concluded that two dis
interested witnesses ought to be secured,
and that was done. She -aid the thought
that disinterested witnesses tught to be
obtained came to her after tne first sign
ing. "It might be called clairvoyancy if
you like," she added.
'•But why didn't clairvoyancy give you
that hint in the tirst time?' was sug
gested. The witness could not answer,
and the case was put over for argument.
DOUBLE-EAGLES JINGLED.
The Jocund Owner of Wealth Wag Dan
gerously Near Contempt of Court.
In Judge Slack's court yesterday some
one amons the spectators caused consid
erable annoyance by jingling money in
his pocket. The sound was like that of a
stack of $20 pieces being raised gen.tly by
the end of the thumb and then let drop
gently back nito their comfortable place.
It was a clear c»se of contempt of court,
and if the bailiff could Dave detected the
culprit he would have been punished.
Several newspaper reporters were present,
bui they were not suspected by the
generous-minded Judge. The lawyers
appeared perturbed for a 9hort time as it
looked like a piece of neglect for tbrm to
let any of their clients be running loose
with ready money in their pocket?.
Finally a pletnoric-looking stranger who
looKed as if he might be from Chicago
and had strayed iiito the couriroom out
of a feeling of i<)le curiosity, arose and
passed out into the corridor, after whica
the nuisance was immediately abated.
Finod a Drug Clerk.
f. F. Michell!, a clerk in Leoa di Kola's drug-
store on Haight street, wan yesterday fined $50
by Judge Campbell for filling a prescnpiion
without being licensed to do so. The com
piaint was made by secretary Dawson of the
State Board of Pharmacy.
llirrlit Cooper's Will.
Gunnison, Booth and Bartnett hare filed a
somewhat contradictory document in the es
tate of ihe late Harriet Cootier. They first ad
mit that she died intfisiate and then allege
that she left a will that is olographic in form
and nverthat she was of sound mind when she
signed the instrument, nnd demand that tne
will shall be admitted to probate. In view of
the antagonistic element* of the pleadings the
decision of tne Probate Court will be awaited
with interest.
EEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
Alexander R. Baldwin to » harlotte A. Curtis,
lo- on N linHof Cnion sin et, Vi\3 ii of Devlsadero,
X 43 by N 187:0; SflU T .
ilenry and Jane 8 ewart to Tliomai J. tin a
Ilonora Crawford lot on S Hue of Post street, ~'UU
\V of DevisnderJ. W '-'5 by S 136: $10-
Car o I). I ianc-hi to Ann-Hum Surety Company |
of New Yorn, lot on X line of Harllett street, 40 to
of Twenty-second, s 40 by X I#J5:1 # J5: 910.
Ella K. (jilrov to Hi p:Ui 'A Ke 10-g. lot on X
line of Twenty-nlth avenue, 175 N of i, street, >
50 by X 840: also lot on N line of O'Fnrrell street,
137:6 W of Tiulor, W 5T:3 by S 137:6: also lot on
S line of Turk s.reet, 87:6 \V of Hyue. H 26 bT B
82-b- also lot, on S line of I uric street, 62:0 \\ of
Hyde W 15 by S S'2:6: alsolot on S line of Dun
can s roet. 193 1. of Castro, X 26 by S 114; alsf>
lot on S line of Duncan street, 218 E of Castro, h,
25 by -114- ulsolotonS llttfl of Duncan street,
243 Eof Caa ro, K25 by H 114: also lot on s line
of Duncan street, 168 fc of Castro, E 25 by S 114:
also lot on W line of Fillmore street. 53 N Of bac
r»merito, N 25 by W 90:ti. also lot on S line of
Sacramento street. 68:9 Wof Laguna, W 68 :» b,
--8 127 -Mi/4; also lot on > line of Sutler s;reei, 76
\V of I-arkin. W 50 by S 1J0: also lot on 8E cor
ner of Dcvisadero and o'Karrell streets, B 25 by E
90: also lo: on 8K corner of Vallejj and Webster
streets, s 26:6 by E 91:6: also property i.i Other
conmies, gui calm d»-ed: $10.
Cit'orge a:i>l i.llinor Davidson to Amelia Manglnl
and Ht-nedette l'agauo, lot on S line of Lombard
stree:, 102:7 E of Dnpont, X 17:5 by S 73:6, to
get her with rifiht of wav over alley: fit).
Sarah X Loftis to FranK 11. Lo.tls, lot on SE
line of Bryant s:reet. 412:6 SW of Harris (Sev
enth). >W 56:3 feet by SK 10J Spanish varas (X
corner Whi c place anJ Uryant itreet, NE 56:3 by
SK 275); $10.
Mniiios Hiui Myra A. Greenwood to O. ».
Lafoinarsino. lot 03 W line of Fourth avenue, 375
Sof Lake street, is 25 by W 120; $10.
a. H. and Louisa l.agomfirsino to Giuseppe Sche
none and (iiusepne I>a'.onmrsino, same: 110.
Ilenrv Letrondec 10 William T. Wulsh, lot on W
line of Seven eenth avenue, 296:1 S of California,
S 25 by VV 120: f 10.
Isaac C. s, huift' to Saiah scharff, lot on N line of
Clement street, 55 W of stxtn avenue, \V v 6 by N
111; also lot on N line of Clement street, 129 W of
Seventh avenu-, \V 26 by N 116: gift.
P. J. ami Margaret A. Martin to Panllne Hu
bert, lot on W Hue of Twentieth avenue, i 75 8 of
L street, S 25 by W 120; *'.0.
Pacific Loan Association to Sarah E. Watson,
lots 166 and 186, Gift Map 3; *10.
Wll.iam J. and Kate A. Stewart to Provident
Mutual Bent fit and Loan Association, lot on s
corner of Ksnjeralda and Cherubisico streets, SW
25 by SE 70. lot 492, same: s»10.
Bruno J. Behnisch to Augusts Behnisch, lot 10.
block Z, Park Lan- Tract t: gift.
ALAMKDA COrXTY.
Henrietti, Ali<e M. and P. C. Cohn to Rosa
Kohn (wife of N. L.). lot on SE corner of Mag
nolia and Twenty-eighth streets, S 263:6 by E
1-^B:3, block 650, Oakland; $10.
Annie J. .Nahl to William U Wellmau, lot on N
line of Central avenue ia* widened to 80 fee.).
19J W otdrand street, N 207:0 by \V 86:7, Ala
meda; $10.
Fred and Nina Sandrlin to Maria RCey, lots 11
and 12, block 5, Be levue I'ark 'iract, tsan Lean
dio map 1, I'den Town-:blp: $10.
15-rnard aad Catharine M. <:ogan 10 Emma J.
I Tozer, blrc* P, comnining 21 lots, map of ttie
: Kinsell Trac:, subject to Uiortgage, Brooklyn
j Township; $10.
EmmaJ. Tczer to I harles F. Toz- r. block P.
m:ipo. the sanu' tract. Brooklyn Township; $51)0.
(i. W. and Lulu liuir o >alem . . Cliapin, lot 12,
block Warner 1 ract, Brooklyn TtiWMhlp: $10.
Wi liam M. and Annie i-.. r. Ste.\art to I- .
MiT.or smith, lot on SW corner of Willow street
111 d Clement avenue S 300. W 415, N 150, t
207:6, N 150, X 107:6 to beginning, beiu< lots 1
to 12. biock 13. lanus adj:cer:i to K ll inal, Ala
me a: ulso lot 0:1 N W cor.ier of Willow street ai.d
Baena Vista avenue, N 47:6 by VV 155:6. bi irnj
! lois 6, 7anl 8, block 12, ssm j : ulso lot ou sE cur-
Der of Kagle iiveni.e and S.»nford street, E j!:6
I by 5 147 :0, being lot 16. bl.^ck 13, same; a!f> lot
on S line 01 Ka^le e venue, 10;i:6 E o; Stau:oH
street. X 104 by s 147:6, being lo s 13 aud i 4,
block 12, lands adjacent to h.nciual, subject to in
cumbi..nces. Alirat-rta; $10
James iiagan to Kstlier A. Qaigley, lots 1. 2. 3,
11 and 12, bick 40, town ot i.ivermore, Murray
Township; $2.'io.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCPTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat.i^
710 Siarket street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blgnt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
tcrnerC'.ay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
?89 Hayes street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V. corner bixteenm and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
Stlfe Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: open nn 1 9:3>i.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
SP-~35» YERBABUF.NA LODGE OF PEE- •©*
IS^f fecttou No. — Regular meeting THIS II
(FRIDAY) EVENING, March 12, ht 8 /My
o'clock. D. 9. GKu. J. KUBI-., secretary. K3&?
&r~S* CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY .=.
Bt-^ No. 1. K. T., Masonic Temile, l>ost < OK^
and Montgomery s:s.— Krgulnr assembly Fj
i MIS (iRIDAV) EVENING at 7:30 ft*
o'clock ORDER OF THE RED CROSs. V
All raters are courteously invited.
Sin M HTIN JUNKS, Em. Commander.
Sib llifau T. (Jbaves. Recorder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
rtSS= THEY SKLL ALL KINDS OF DRY
8~-^ goods, hosit-ry, . underwear, bedspreads,
towels, table cover*, lacus. embroidery, linings,
tr.mralotn. veilings, ft .. very cheap at Pioneer
Dry-goods store. 105 Fifth si.
BpS" WALLPaPKR AT COST: RAINS,9c;
S>» painting; paper-h»'inlnjj. 180J Webster s:.
rx>BiO TENANIS EJECTED, 98: COL-
B^ 6^ lections, city or country, rates reasonable.
Co unibian Law & Col. Agency. W. L. HARVEII,
Manager, tilth floor, 101 bansomest. Tel. M 3519.
VC35* BAD TENANTS EJKCTRD FOR >4:
C&J5^ rollertions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Itontgy st., room 6: tel. 5680.
. vVEiiK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TIia
-\ WEEKLY CALI.. In wra.Dr>er. for meilins.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
jKS* DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO
BE-^ 41 (twenty-five cents per sl.are) of the
HUTCH I.\ SON SUGAR PLANTA'UON COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of th» com-
pany, 3-7 M rket St., on and af er SATURDAY,
March 20, 1897. Transfer- books will clo»» SAT-
URDAY. Ma;ch 13. 1b97. at 12 o'clock M.
X H. Sir I.DON. rotary.
VITIATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
/"tOMPKTKNT SEOND GIRL. WITH )KEKE-
\J rences, desires a sl.uatlon. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 31 ii hut: erst.
GKKMaN employment office. 3,6 ma-
vJT son St., tel< phone Main 6332. furnishes reli-
able help of all nationalities.
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER WOULD LIKE
Vt a position: good cook: can w«sh and Ir D or
cook 011 a ranch. Ca lor dress Ml.B. E. PRICE,
IniiiCiir Ilous & , cor. Pacific aye. and Lincoln St.,
Santa Cruz. Call
■\7OUNO GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE PO-
X sltion; housework; sma 1 family. Call 321
Stockton st. ,
SITUATION WANTED: GENERAL HOUSE-
work: city or country. 10 Wetrnore pi , be-
tween Mason and Powell «ts. t off Washington.
IT\ C LAKKIN- BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
v)x«J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
"17<XPKRIKNCED FKKNCH ANi> Oi-.KMAN
Xli Kirl wishes situation to do cooking and house-
worn in a small private family. E. F., box 33,
Call Office.
T>OKITION WANTED AS SECOND GIRL
and sewing by good seamstress and dress-
maker. Address 51tJ Third st.
GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO SECOND
"J work in a private family; wages «20. (.all or
address 1320 Broadway.
\\TANTED — A RESPECTABLE YOUNG
II woman offers her servii M either a< a compan-
iinto a lady or governess 10 young children. Ad-
dress H., box 15, Call Office.
VfURSE AND HOUSEKEEPER; THOR-
i-i oughly undeis hrr luslntss; comes well
recommended; no objoCtiO.i to country. 633
Stevenson st. .-,*,■' .1
ni r LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulu CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
EDUCATED YOUNG PERSON WISH KB
XJ situation; upstairs work or maid to ederly
lady or child: experienced. s< C. C, . ox 39, Call.
ANTKD —BY COMPETENT ELDERLY
woman, position' as cook; object home. Ad-
dress Home, box 84, Call Office.
\rOTJKG LADY. TO BE CHAMBERMAID OK
X do light housework. .Please call or address 829
Fo sum a:. -. •--;•; ■• -lT f ~v v -l . — • •
IDDLE-\GKD . WOMAN WOULD , LIKE
general housework: no objection to the coun-
try: understand* making buuer. Call at 4517
F.lghiieenth st , above Douglass. ; .:
/♦l C L.MtKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
VxO CALL, (subscriptions and want ads taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 3JARCH 12, 1897.
«ITCJATIOS9 WANTED -Continued.
"I ADY WANTS CHAMBERWOHK OR
housework In small family; no children; any
kind of day work; riom home. 249 Fifth st, flat
2; call 3 days. . . , f*";;
7»1 LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Dli/CiiLL Subscriptions and want ads taken.
I ADY WISHES TO DO PLAIN SKWING
Jand mending; woudhHp with children; wages
$20. Addresi L. W., box 93, Call Office.
COMPETENT GERMAN INFANT'S NURSE
! V/ will take charge of child from birth; aiso man
and woman desire aces in mining camp, latter
to take charge of kitchen.' 313 Sinter si.
pULTURKD YOUNG WIDOW. RKCEjSTLY
\J from boston, reduced in circumstances, would
like a position as housekeeper in ho. el, widower or
bach.* or's home. D. A., box 8,7. Call Office.
MARRIED COUPLE WANT.TWO i.OoMS;
will do housework in exchange for rent. ii.
C, b x 62, <. all office.
I^RKNCH LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO
mind children or do upstairs work and sew-
ins. K. IV; box 86, Call Office.
£1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Dli) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
J wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold, with children: country prelerred. 88 Ninth
St., room 17; hours 11 a. it. to 9 p. m.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE MToA-
tlon as housekeeper or take care of invalid;
city or short distance in country. 343 Minna st.
"[DRESSMAKER. FIRST-CLASS, STYLISH,
x) withes more engagements by day. 1300 fine,
cor. Hyde. ,
yoUNG LADY WISHES SEWING BY THE
X day, or working housekeeper in private fam ly
cr lodging-house. Call or address 109 Fifth si, mi. 6.
V-OUNG -EASTERN WIDOW OF RKFINK-
I ment and culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post st.
TWO LADIES FiOM THK COUNTRY WISH
sewing niid mending. 139 Fourth St., r. 7 and a
Call after 12.
yoISG EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE
X warns a permanent position as housekeeper
in lodging-house or widower's home. Loom 3,
995 Market st.
yOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION AT
I light housework. Please call at 163 Tehama,
downstairs, off Third su
PROTESTANT WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
X tiou with some nice family, to assist in house-
work: good home: small wages: must be nice
people. Plea call 604y s Mission st.
DRESSMAKER, FIKST -CLASS FITTKR:
1' will work by the day in fami.t-s at SI 25 a
day. Address ii.. Branch Call Office, 339 11 aye
yOl'Ntl RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL
X to assist in general houieworic 111 ;small fam-
ily. Apply '2 Farren aye., bet. Pierce aud Scott,
off Eddy su •.' . . : •'; '-
y UNO ACCOMPLISHED LADY DESIRES
x position as compa.. ion to invalid. 112 laylor
st , room 14.
TTOUSEKEF.PER'S POSITION WANTED BY
HOUSEKEEPER'S POSITION WANTED BY
widow; can be we^l recommended: countr.
preferred. Address M. A., 1553 Fifth at., Oakland.
"\V rILL SOME GOOD MAN GIVE ME POSI-
II tion as housekeeper or lake charge of lodging-
house? 1 am liied of working under a woman: ta-
l-able taking full charge. Address MINNIE, box
42, Ca 1 Ollice.
I yOUXG LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cum«tances, desires lucrative position as house-
keei er. or will do gentlemen's n:endlns. i2U Ellis
. St., room 17. second floor; call af:er 12.
yOUXG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
X do housework. Call or add. L. C. 316 Turk st.
pEKMAN LADY, WITH GOOD REFKR-
vJ euces, would line position as slcKnurse, com-
panion ;ake care of children. Call oraddiess
835 Valencia st.
OIK LAKKIN-BRAXCII OFFICE OF THE
UI«J CALL. Suoscriptioii3 and want ads taken.
COMPE iENT WOMAN WISHES POSITION
v-Z in American family, to do housework and
assist v ith children ■ n-> ol)?ctlon to short distance
in the country. 602 Stock. ou s'.
\\riDOW, UMNCU.VBIitED. ,\Vt,UI D LIKE
" po-Hio i at housekeeper: p:e»sant home more
an ol ject than salary. V. Ji., box 73, Call Office.
KSPKCTABLE YOUNG LADY WOULD
1 1 like situation to do chamherivork. In city or
country. Please address MIS ANNA GUND-
LA*. 11, New Western Hole .10 m 15.
PKFINED ENGLISH LADY. KXi'li IKNCED
it keeper on 4 good cook, d.sir^s situation
a.i housekeeper; c;unuv preferred. i.41 Naioma
St.. corner Little Kuss.
pOMPKTKNT MIDDLE - AGED WOMAN
v,' wants position as cook: city or country. 923
shot well s .
\\rA.NTEi)-BV YOUNG LADY, POSITION
1' as ster.ographer »nd typewriier: very " best
references. Address T. L., box 84, Call Office.
pOODCI.OK. WITH REFERENCE; HOTS!*
'' boardlni:-house or restaurant. . Apply or ad-
dress 328 1 bird si-, in rear.
GERMAN N I RSK WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
by ladies in cm, linemen:, sick ladles and chil-
dren." 132 Sixth st., room 16.
VKAT GERMAN GIRI , LATELY AiUUVED
1' irom Knnpe, warns i»lnu- as cook and liouse-
malil in a good family. Ii quire 1964 Howard st.,
near Sixteenth.
riTANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGKD WOMAN,
II with (rood references and cxpflrlence, post on
as inval d i.urse or < are of infant: win go travel-
ing. Cal at my pn sent • mjilo.ver's, 655 Capp rt.,
cor. Twenty-second; take Howard or Mlasion-s .
cars.
\\"ANTKI>- EMILOVMKNT AS WETNURHK
11 by respec.able young married woman, child
2 weeks old: best of reference^ given. Address
311 Thirtieth St., city.
ANTED— BY COMPE I ENT GIRL A PLACE
II for house-work in American family; alultt;
wages $V; 5. Address E. D.. box 106, this oflice.
WANTED- AS UOOKKKEPEK
™i or stenographer by a competent young lady
of experience: small saUry to begin with ex-
pected. Address Stenographer, box 49, Call Office.
ynuNG glrl wishes place IN NICK
X family as good plain cook and general house-
work Is very reliable. Please call 925 Harris >n
•>l., bet. Fifth and ."lx.h.
1 OOD, RKLIABLE WOMAN WIsHF.B PO>I-
*J tion as working housekeeper; understands the
care of children or will do cnamberwork. Address
Mi.s. .M. MOOKK, 4272 Twenty-tilth St., bet.
Castro and Diamond.
yoi;s« GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
X tion In wl lower's or bachelor's household. 38
i-.d.1..- st , room i.
yODXO GEKMA?; WIDOW DESIRKS GEN.
X ilem^n'a mending at home. 38 Eddy st.,
room 1.
* MKRICAN LADY WANTS POSITION AS
XI. companion and niir.su with invalid; ne'icai
references. 1530 i-ildy, ir. >ienier ( fiernoons).
/•I C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UJ O CALL: (übscriptlons ami want ad-i taken.
/ 1 IRL STUDENT WOULD LUCK WORK Dill-
'J inK forenoon 1 ; rleiiiilng house, office or halls
preferred. Address A. G., box 136, Call Office.
ÜBSCUJI'TIONS AND WANI AUS FOH THK
O Ca ix taken hi branco office, 33!) Hayes uU;
open unt;i t>:3J o'clock.
YOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE LADY DE-
X sires a position as lvp«v\riter: Kood disposition.
120% Geary St., room 2, first floor.
UfANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
11 '1 iik Cam. are taken at Branch Office, toutu-
west corner Mxteentti nnd Mission s s.
WANTED — BY A SCOTCH PROTESTANT
il girl, cooking and houseworK in American
family; can give reference. i a:l 720 Ellis si.
SW COX. SIXTEENTH hT., NEAH ' Mis-
sion; branch office of Tile Call. sub-
scriptions und want ads token.
WINCHESTER HOL ; SI% 44 THIRD ST.. Nil
Market: 200 rooms 16c to 8150 per nUUt:
$1 60 to ?tJ per week; convenient and respectable:
tree bus and ba v 1 _•<• 10 an I from the terry. -
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANKSK
XX employment office, removed to Califor-
nia st., near Kc-urny. 'i el. main 231.
CHINESE AND JAPa-VKSK EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 4111/3 O'FarrelL 'lei. K. 426.
JAPANKSK INT>.LLIGt,NOE AGENCY. R.
tl 90. St. Ann's bl'c, 6 Eddy St.: tel Is.ttin 6234.
pHINKSK & JAfAM-sK; KsT'D 20 VICARS;
\Jhelp;tel.matn 1997. BRADLEY & C 0..640. .640 Clay
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPBNKSK EM-
ployment office. 511 Vi Bush si., or. Grant aye.
V QUIET, INDUSTRIOUS OKRMAN;
knows nothing about ho ses, but Is handy
about the house and garden, clean windows, milk,
He: can use curpenteis' tools; wages $12. Room
51, t>7-> lesion st.
yOONO EASTERN MAN WANTS WORK ON"
X private place: understands cows, horses, Bar-
den, pump water, wok around place. R. s. f
box Ihs. Call Office.
yOUXG.MAttIIIKD MAN (BLACKSMITH)
X wants wo. k lit his trade cr something honest
to do; : exceptional relerences. ; Address i:lack-
smlth, box 86, Call Office.
V OUNO GKRM*AN WANTS POSITION ON
X private place In country: experlei cc and firs -
ciosi reference. Address 11, box 73, Call office.
"yoUNO MAN. 27, DESIRES POSITION IN
X storeior d Ive deli veiy-wagon:;. sober ami re-
la b!e:' can give, bonds from $500 to $K, OO if re-
quired. Address C. J. F., box 96, Call Office.
FITFATIOXH WANTED-Contlnnert. .
MIDDLK-AGKD SCOTCHMAN WISHES SlT-
nation of any kind: _ood penman: handy
with tools: security if required, a. M., box 56, Ca11.
SITUATION WANTED As COACHMAN; i X-
O peripneed: good references. Address Cl C,
box 9, Cull Office. : : -?^MEL-
SITUATION WANTED TO TAKE CARE OF
0 horses, cows, etc.: ha,n y m»n about place;
wanes no object. AdJr<s< l!. M., box 69. Call.
MAN AN D W J bE WANT STEADY PLACE :
city or country: man unders ands ■ horses
tuoroughly and work about p. ace: wife flrst-class
cook; goo.i references. Ad. 6. AI., box 69, Ci.ll.
JAPANESE WANTS situation as STORE
O or saloon cleaner: he lias several years experi-
ence and good reference. Ad. P. L, box 63, Ca 1.
YOU.NO MAN, 21. WISHES POSITION IN
X some oflire-. will work for 86 a week. J. LEON-
ARD, box 139, Cull Office. -
SIiUATION WANTED BY A GOOD ALL
0 round upholsterer ana mattress maker. Ad-
dress J. C, box 103 Call Cilice.
WANTED-BV A MIDDLE-AGKD AMERI-
»" can, with references, p ace about private
place: horse, cow an i garden: liandy with tools:
moderate uayes. Address Karnest, 224 Seventh.
ELDER V MAN A LITTLE LAM WOULD
Xj wor.< for a good home; is used to cooking and
housework: Englishman. J 11., box 159. Call.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS COOK WANTS A
•i_J situation in city or country. Address i. Ji.\
1329 Pine st. ';'<;'"
WANTED- POSITION BY YOUNG GER-
»' man as teamster or on ranch. K. P., box VI,
Call Office.
STEADY YOUNG MAN 'WISHES POSITION
O In a wholesale store or elsewhere. Address
J. G. H., 516 McAllister St. - -
V| IDDLE-AGKD AND INTELLIGENT DANE
i>l wishes a situation about \ rivate place in city
or Oaklaml; can take care of horses, jrurden, cows;
best of reference and experience; willing to work
for small wages and good home. dress A. C
box 45, Call office.
riNCHKSTER HOUSF. 44 THIRD »T., NH.
»» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to £1 50 per night:
f 1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectaule:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"I RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
XJ st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
YV" ANTED — POSITION AS CLEItK IN A
»» grocery-store by German boy 17 yenrnold;
small wages and board and lodging. 727 Davis St.,
saloon.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"t Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
800K KF.EPER AND ACCOUNTANT OPES-
larted experience in commercial and financial
lines desires situation; first-class references. Fi-
delity, box 82, Call.
COACHMAN; BY YOUNG MAN (23): CAN
\J milk and do plain hardening; good references.
A. 8., box 109. Cal Office.
C4W MONTGOMERY. COKNER OF CLAY—
O£ I open . untl' 9:30 o'clock; branch oflice of
the Call: subscriptions and waul ads. taken,
QQQ HAVES BT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
Odd 'Ihe Call; MUbßcrlp:ion* and want ads
taken.
FKJIALE HELP WANTED.
HOUSEKEEPER, CITY, $10, WOMAN AND
child preferred: girl, >»t:er st., $15: girl
Twenty-third St., $15; 2 girls, Oakland, $15; g!il,
Golden Gate aye., $15; ■■irl, Taylor st., »15 : girl,
P,ne st.. $15; girl, (.reen st.. $15: uirl, Geary st.,
fls: girl. Contra Costa, $18: 16 young «lr!s. $8,
$10 and $12 per month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
TyAITRESS. $5 A WEEK; OOK, FEW
11 boarders, $15 and room; chambermaid and
wait some, $.ao and room: lunch waitress, $20, no
Sunday work: head waitress. $25 and room;
waitress and act as stewardess; waitress, city, $20
and room; Sunday waitress. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
GIRL, FAIR OAKS ST.. $20; GIRL, BUSH
st,. $20: Elrl, Halghtst.. $18: glr., Castro st. ,
$20: girl. Vallejo. Cal., $20, see puriy here; girl,
Broadway, $20; eirl, Eddy St.. $18: girl. Cali-
fornia St., $25: girl, Scott St., 820. MARTIN'S.
749 -Market st.
QGIKLs F-)R COUNTRY LAUNDRY. MAR-
Z TIN'S, 749 Market st.
TAUNDRE^-S, PRIVATE FAMILY, $25:
jcoo;, German style, *30: 4 German and Scan-
dinavian cooks. $25 and $30: English. -coteh or
north of Ireland nurse, $25, and girls for cook.
and hous-work, in city or country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 sinter st.
OMAN TO RUN SHIRT-POLISHING MA-
chine, country. $12 £0 a week; hotel cook,
$35: waitress, city, s2o: cook, private farnilv. *25;
4 German girls, housework. $15 and $2j; 8 girls.
housework. *10. ■?-.> and «25; nurseglrl. $10:
chambermaid and wait, $15. C. B. iiANSEN _
CO , 110 Geary st.
EAT HOUSEWORK GIRL, PAN RAFAEL,
1> $25: San Jose, $25: Alameda, #20: 10 bouse-,
work girls, civ and country, $2J and $23; 8 young
girlstoissist, $10 and $16. MISS CULLEN. 323
butter st.
f
WOMAN AND CHILD, $10: COUNTKY;
II good place. Miss CULL.EN, 323 Milter st.
GERMAN NURSE; $2l». MISS CULLEN, 323
VJ suiter st.
COOK, GERMAN STYLE, $35. MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Sut.erst. ..TV
WA NT — 2 PROTESTANT COOKS. $25;»
'i French chambermaid and seaiustic^s, $20:
Krench cook and Ironer, $-0: i;lrls for housework
and assist. Lt-ON ANDRE, removed to 308
Stockton s'.
XV ANT E D - COOKS. CHAMBERMAIDS,
11 nurse, iris, girls for housev\or^; bes. wages.
MRS. HIBD. 721 Ellis si.
ELDERLY WOMAN OR YOUNG (JIB- FOR
light work; good home; wages (6. 4286 Mis-
sion road, near Silver av^.
TIDY G1P.1.. HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN
X cooking, family of 2; $10. Girl, box 15. Call.
Vi)L'Nt3 GIRL. FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X wok. 1:00 ;s Pii.e st.
W ANTED— V' UNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
11 tanilli of 2: $H a month; must sleep at home.
Apply 2424 Fnlsom St.
WANTED-GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING
11 a.id general housework. Apply 517 tievisa-
dero St., be:. 9 and 12 a. m.
\ir.\Ni ED-GOOD RELIABLE WOMAN TO
if take care of children. 642 Sacramento st.
PHOTO Rl-.TOUCIIKK AND PRINTER:
X state age, experience, con\ifpnsa;ion, etc.; ref
erences: Fan, pie. Ami i ess P., Berkeley.
T ADY UNDER 30 FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
Ij keeping; can learn manicuring; good home.
Call after 11. 116 Taylor.
EXIERIENChD OPERATOR ON SINGER
-i machines;, electric power. 1388 Market, st.
KKMaN CO«K. $-'5: 6 GIRLs FOR GENE-
VA mi housework, $10, $15. 320. 313Sutt»r st.
\\r AST.-D- GOOD DRKSSMAKI' AND AN
'» apprentice at, M RS. Xi- MI"-, 336y 2 six.li st.
VICDOWKLL DRESSMAKING AND MIL-
-« linery School— Rapid method; easy to learn;
bes system; patterns 25c 103 1 Oft st.
1 ADIES AND GENTLEMEN WISHING TO
J •» stnjin the Grand Chorus March 1 7th, evening
of st I'utilck's Day, at Mechanics' Pavilion,
pleas* call or address J. W. MtKENZIE, Musical
Director, 624 Eddy su
SF. DRKSS-CUTTING BCHOL— FRENCH
O. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF IH_
"1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
\\r ANTED— IO YOU.M* LADIES TO LEAR.V
'» barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 108y a Eighth st.. S. *'. Barber College.
/•I C LARKI.N — BRANCH OFFICE OF TUX
Did Call; subscriptions and want ad». taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPKCTABLK;
1H Winchester Hour.-. 44 Third hl. near Marks::
IOJ rooms: 25c to $1 6J per night; $1 60 to $3
per week: free 'bm and ba;ga?« to and »rom ferry.
I/LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X I Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
BIA_K HELP WANTED.
YVr^N TEIt — FOREMAN FOR LARGE
II grain ranch, must be single man- under f.O
years 01 age, witn (a ifornla experience and llist-
class rete. encea, $ 0 per ino-ith and found: ranch
cook, $iO nnd found; 3 vlneyiirdlsts, $20 and
found; waiter for nice resort, *20 and found; farm-
hands, teamster.", cocks, waiters, dishwashers, etc.
W. D. EWER & CO., 62« Clay su
WANTED- BENCH HA FOR MILL, $3
day; milker' and wife, $40: married larmer,
wife 10 cook for hotel, if so; American b acksmlth;
American- milker, $25. and others. Apply J. F.
CROSETT& CO., 628 Sacramento St.
Q TIMBER-FKLLER4. $40 AND BOARD:
-S barker, $35 and b nrd ; for the woods. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. •
CANDYMAKER, CITY: SECOND COOK,
good on short orders and oysters, restaurant,
city, $40: 2 waiter* wr.h'dre^a suits, country
hotel, $:-;0. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
BAKER FOR RKI-TAURANT, $40. C. S.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary »L
3W AITEKB ' $30 AND : FOUND; 4 COOKS,
O $35, $oO and .60; ironer to ■ run a Troy No. 9
machine. MURRAY & READ'S .Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay s . - •; '
OAILOR FOR A GENTLEMAN'S YACHT, $20
O and found; 6 farmers; farmer. mid" wife: 6
woodc.opjieri: 3 chorebavs for ranches, $10 and
$12 and tonnd. and other places. MURRAY dt
READY. Leading Emp.oymeut Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
WAITKR FOR CM B. $10. HOTEL GA-
II Z_TT_, 420 Kean'iy st.
HFT>r WANTKD- Continue. * ..
TfEGETABLE COOK, fit). CALL EARLY;
V dishwasher. $10: pastry rook, $50 and room:
driver for butcher wagon, !?30 and board: second
cook who can do pastry, see party 11 a. m. waiter,
small hotel, $20 and room, see party 11 a.m.:
young man as waiter. $12 nnd room: cook, $90,
rtstaurani. MARTI -'S, 749 Market st.
\\TA.\TKD-A FR •: NCH COUPLE TO TAKK
»> charge of a ranch in Nar-a County, $40 a
month: a man who understands the wire of norses
nnd garden ana can milK, must have referei CiS,
«Sis; » German cook, »50: F.ei.ch boy to do chores,
country, $15, etc., at. ANDRE'S. 300 S.ockton st.
riANDY-MAKKK: GOOD WAGES. MISS
V' CULLEN. 323 Sutler su .
OY TO WORK IN DRUGSTORE, $15; GKR-
X) man or Swedish preferred. MISScULL_.n,
323 Slitter st. ... . .; ; VV" -^ '
YV A .VIED- AN ACTIVE AND INTKLLI-
TT gent man to take care of a horse, clean halls,
do chores and make himself useful about a t-ath-
-0 Ie institution; oily a neat and handy man, wLh
good lefen-uces as to ho:i sty, sobriety, etc.. need
apply: please state whore last employed; wages
from $ 0 to $'J5 per mouth and board. , Address
C. M., box 50, Cull Office. - .
ANTED— TWO GO 'D COLLECTORS OF
VV line appearance; bond and reference required.
Call at room 17, Donohoe builaing, cor. Taylor
mi Market sts., at 9 o'clock A. M., c riday.
QHOEMAKKR WANTED: A REALLY FIRST-
-0 class workman can find constant job nt highest
wastes. Appy Immediately, WILLIS, Park St..
Alameda.
AHBEK FOR SATURDAY AND aUNDAY.
185.'. Marker st. '
C) BARBKRS FOR SATURDAY AT 666V2
—1 Howard st.
X\T ANTED— BARBER; YOUNG MAN WITH
Vt some experience. 719 Montgomery aye,
ANTED— 2 TINSMITHS. APPLY GEORGE
VV H. TAV CO., 618 Battery st.
\,i AN FOR ADVERTISING; $25 AND BOARD.
iVJ 639 Ca. lfornla st.
1 ADY OR GENTLEMAN TO TRAVEL AS
1 ' treasurer $75 per month and expenses mu-t
have *100 cash; out-of-town people inclose refer-
ences. Address L. G., box 34, Call.
YV ANTED - SEAMEN; ORDINARY AND
»V green bands. Shipping Agency, 10 Steuart
st , upstairs.
pOOD BOOTBLACK WANTED AT 1306 MAR-
VI ket St., corner Jones.
FOUR GOOD TAILORS to work, week
work; good salary. 541 Market st.
U OEM AKK US WANTED OV MEN'S
SHOEMAKERS WANTED OV MEN'S
screwed shoes: man on repairing. 202 Fifth st.
BARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
bunday. 106 Montgomery aye.
UNEMPLOYED, GOTO 'iHE BENEFIT TO-
U day. 639 Ca Ifonla su] v
SECOND EXPEDITION SOUTH SEA ISLAND
O now formed. 63t» California st.
L-'IRST-CLASS CABIiIAOK PAINTKR TO
1 P rent shop: stock and tools for sale. Address
C, box 150, Call Office.
QEAMEN AND GREEN HANDS FOR
0 steamers for Alaska and coast. 904 Kearny
St., upstairs. * y
i"1 KNTLEMEN AND LADIKS WISHING TO
G~ tNTLEMEN AND I ADIr.S WISHING TO
VX sing In the a rand chorus March 17, evening of
St. Patrick's day, at Mechanics' Pavilion, please
c.ill or aidress J. W. JUcKENZIE, Musical Di-
rector. 524 Eddy st.
TXT ANTED — TRIMMING CUTTER. 81EBE
II Shoe Company, i.5 Jessie St.
BARBKR OUTFIT OF 6 ARCHER CHAIRS
and all fixtures complete with chance for well-
iocated store to move Into. For further particu-
lars apply to SiOLLZ. 680 Marketst. -
ANTED — A SOLICITOR FOR FAMILY
'» liquor trade: references required. Address
8., box 10, Call office.
BOY WANTED; GERMAN PREFERRED;
from 14 to 16 years. '-54 Jourth st.
BARBERS— GOOD 2-CHAIR SHOP; ClGAR-
stand: cheap. DECK ELM AN BROS., 106 tills.
SHOEMAKER WANTED FOR NEW WORK
and repairing. Apply this office.
I /*7 NIMH ST. —BRANCH .OFFICE OF
IDI 'IHK call; ftubscrlpilou and waul ads.
taken.
QKQ<- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_«_)— : ' wan; ads taken for THK CALL.
LADY WANTS GENi LI-MAN PARTNER;
only $25 cspl'.a". 1 Fif.h st. , room 1.
|)ARBKRS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs, 325 Grant aye.
BAKBER-SH <P— MUST BK SOLD, ON AC-
X> count of s'Ckneaa. v 1944 Market s:.
O^»>,- MISSION ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
_<»_') 1 lib. Call; bubscriptlons and wain ads
taken. :'•■'-■
OURNEYMKN BAKi-EK*i' KMI'LOVMe.^:
teTetary .11. 1:KI;.Va1;Ii. 102 s«veiitn st.
700 PAIR MEN'S SHOES. BEEN DAM-
-4 \J\J aced by water, at less than one-fourth their
value, from 75c up to $2 10 562 Mission St., bet.
1 First and Second streets.
CITY OR COUNT TAILORS WILL j
profit by landing their coats to San Franc |
Coat-makers, 17 H.OcKton pi- strictly white labor. |
STYLISH AND DURABLE C' LF SHOES
0 made to order. $2 50; cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand shoes. 959 Howard st
IF YOU. ARK GOING TO YUK N GOLD
X fields. Alaska, join the Johnson party, leaving
here March 20. Johnson's Alaska Outfitting
Agency. 213 fan some st.
ANTED— SEAMAN, ORDINARY SKAMAN
»» and grfen-hands for whaling and deep-water
vessels. Appl/ at McMAHoN _ MCCARTHY,
117 Drumm St., upstairs.
SINGLE ROOMS 10<3 AND 15c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c w<ek. Llndell House, sixth and Slowed.
YV ANTED— SAILORS FOR -TEAM WHAL-
VV en and sealers at LANE'S, 604 Davis st.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
VV sho:s up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through (he day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladies' •oiine, 3,' c; men's
soling 50c: tine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes been damaged ry water at
less ti.u -i ont-four.h their vaiue, from 75c up to
$2 50. f.62 Mission st , bet. First and Second.
ROOMS. 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm St.
I
1 IRST- CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES' I
J cloaks an.l suits. W. SIMINOFF, 1228 MarkeL
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Tub Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission us,
A*. ANTED.TOI OLLKCT WAGES DUE LABOR-
IT ersAclerks KN OX Collection Agcy, 110 sutler.
1
TJJ.-.CKUITB wanted >ok THE U. S. MA
XV rine. Corps, U. s. Navy— Able-bodied unmar- |
ried men between tho ages of 21 and 8,1 years 1
who are citizen* of the United Spates, or tho33 I
who have legally declared ihelr intention to be- j
com- r.uch; most be of good character an i habit] |
and able to speak, read mil write English and be 1
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feel In height. For
further information apply at the Ktcruuiiii Office,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
TT of some simple thing to p«tent? Protect your
!dei>s: they may bring you wealth. Wiite JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ CO., Dep;. L, Patent - Attor-
neys. : Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 1010 invention* wanted. -
T7ILCHO HOUSK, 863Va MARKET ST.— £OUMJ
Hi 20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 wee*.
-I t'lr NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFf ICE OF
IO I line Call: .übscrlptlo.i aud vsaui. ads
taken.
rpRY ACME HOUSE. SSY MARKET ST.. BE-
J. iow Blxth. for a room; Sst- a nlgnt: $1 aweec.
BE>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROuMS, 15, 20 AND
J> 25 cents per night: $1. $1 U5, $1 60 per weo*.
laclilc House, Commercial and l.eidesrloriT sts.
1 f\l\ MEN TO IAKK LODGING AT lOCS, 150
J \)\J and 20c a tilghu including cuffw* aua roilt.
t24 Washington su. near Kearny.
WANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
if 10 know that Ed Uo'.kln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; Hi
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ROSEDALK. 321 ELLIS ST.— SIN«.LK FUR-
XV nished rooms, -0c 10 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
E.BIMON. WANTS 100 Mi.N To oET BOf- I
. lie beer or wine 6c: best ires lunch. 643C1a?
WANTED— SlNti Lit, ROOMS, 15c A DAY; #1
week: rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 -. ww<;
reading-room: daily papers. ' 86 Clay st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NX.
Marie:: 200 rooms, > 25a a night: reading-
room: free bin and r>a--.'»ee to and trom the ferry.
■'. AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, ■ manager subscription - department, THE
WHITAKER _ RAY COMPANY, 7.3 Market sU
AGENTS WANTED TO INVEST $15 IN
xV stock. Ena net ign Co., 20.) Kills.
BOAUDLNG WANTED.. "
YV-VNTED «- BOARD WHErtE RALSTuN
TT Health Club ;ood is used; state price. B. C,
box 102, call. : ..
ROOMS "WANTED.
ANTED- SINGLE ROOM WITH KM * \
TT family reference s. Address U. T., box 83,
Call Office. , / - . v -
■WANTED-MISCELLANEOCS.
SMALL SrCOXI-HAND LATHE-MACHINE.
Address P. H.PETERSt.N. 842 Minna st
-lir ANTED — PHOTOGRAPH TENT FOR
Y> traveling S. T., box 42, Call.
CILDINUSBui.-t.Ul'; LUMBER, HASHES,
coors. mantels, etc., for sale. 1106 Mission <-..
CELL YOLK BOOKS, CLOTHING AM) JEW-
-0 «-|ry to A. KLEIN. 103 Sixth «t. : *<•»"' post U.
;.'.';; Lost.
OST— FOX TMBBIKB; answers name
-Lj Teddy; reward. Return to 201 Valencia st.
t TUESDAY, FOX .TERRIER; BLACK
lJ ear and eve; reward. 2520 Green St.
1 OST— MARCH 10, DIAMOND BAR PIN;
JJ liberal reward. Return to 908 Steiner St.
i>T— WKDNi bDAY v IGHT. BET. PALACE
Ho'.ei and California Theater, a lad v's gold and
diamonil Ciitvin, with fan am died. Finder suitably
I rewarded upon its return to room SO, fifth flo or,
Mi.iH Bul.diu^.
L>KANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
1> si.: want ad, and subscriptions taken.
FOUND j
■ "li-OUXD— STRAY COW; OWNER CAN HAVE
J same by proving property and paying ex-
rcnies. Call 1519 ' lurk st.
. MUSIC All INSTRUMENTS.
FINE WEBER PIANO, «23'J; AN ELEGANT
x Hnrdman and several other sightly used
pianos at spec nl bargains this week; a fine sym-
phony at low price; excellent organ, $50. THE
J. DEWING CO, second floor, Flood building
Fourth and Market sts.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
-TV house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SO o'Farrell s .; pianos, or-
guns and all other musical instruments, 01 all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices loweai
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ACIUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
Xx. anos; monthly payments from *5 up; deliv-
ered free with s:oj! and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market st., opp. Mason; tstaD'
llshed over 20 years.
■ ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
' Haines. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $JOO up. W. C. HAMIL-
-ION, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 324 1 ost.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE - MUM 1 SELL.
.M. pianos at immense reduction for cash or ou
ins aliments. EaToN ESTATE, 735 Market.
WHY PAY REN i- FOR A PIANO WHEN
'» the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY <fe CO.'S.
THE best PIANOS of every GRADE,
J- from Melnway down, can be found at bHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
S'>£\(\ PIANO FOR SALE; DECKER
~O\J. Bros. upright; cost $500. Apply 835
Pine st.
<JjJl9/;» HAZKLTON OPRIGHT. STOOL,
<JP I^*^. cover; $5 installmts. 221 Leavenworth.
piANO FOR SALE; CHEAP. INQUIRE AT
X saloon, 504 Broadway.
AN ELEGANT WEBER SACRIFICED THIS
week. BC9 Market st., room 12.
ffljl 7- NEW UPRIGHT, STOOL, SCARF;
<ipx I O. warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
EST BARGAINS IN . THr. CITY FOR THE
next 5 days at MAUVa is', 769 Market st.
OLR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Sutter Bts.
BARGAIN. FINK LAKGK UPRIGH CHEAP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A T SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
XV you find a slock of new steinway pianos
HORN UNO'S ■ PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant .-.nd powerful tone. 216 Post st.
W r <;. BADGER. BOLE A' ■ ENT FOR HALLKT
.* Davis ana Francis Bacon pianoi. 41 j r?auto.
l ANO^ SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY it CO.'S
on very eas.- payments.
BYRON 51.4 L ZV. ;0S POST ST >OHMhli,
Newbv <t Kvani, BrSg*s and other pianos.
UPKKIOf. VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD it NEW
OH. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 i.a:ham place.
j pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
Vj WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
nz free. ■.>■■- ; :
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALK
Q/VBeOM HOUSE ON market ST $1,400
OU 24-room house, only 650
10 rooms, very fine 250
24 rooms on Market st 850
14 r..oms. cnlv 250
28 rooms, ouiy 1,000
24 to ms, only 650
10 rooms, on McAllisters; „ 400
20 rooms; corner: new 1,200
14 rooms on utter. 350
7-TCom house, only. £50
11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
! I ROOMS. VAN NESS aye., NOW
I 1-4 pay] g $650
11 rooms, new; north: pay In™ 650
21 rooms: north: paying tine 1500
lM)thW(j,D & CO.. 765 Market st.
1/i-HOOM FLAT: FULL: OWNER GOING
1U East: cheap. Call 2to 4, 13Va Sixth st.
/•/»-K"O.M HOUSE; WELL FURNISHED;
UO n.n sit make off n. 418 Ellis.
■I A ROOMS: NEW FURNITURE; RKNT RE-
J. A duced; part cash. 402 Geary si.
OQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
GDC Call: subscriptions and want ad 1 taken.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TJETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XV must close out stocic in 30 days: brusseU car-
pet, 4- 1 /« c yard: floor oilcloth. 18c; mat. Ing, 7o
yard; bearoom sets, S pieces. $9 SO: 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $65. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747
Market st . opp. Gram aye.
I^URMTURE. STOVE.-, CARPETS. COUN-
! ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOlt
lowest prices on household roods: new or goOJ
PBnew: cas : or on time: open eveotnits.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE. MDSE..
etc. STREET* CRESWELL. Auctioneers, 927
Market st. rm.316. Houses bought in ibeirentirety.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNt-
lure and merchandise see KURD, 211 Larxln.
HluliEß PRICK 'MIAN ANYWHERE PAIU
i>v lnriiann'AiicMnn 1 o. 1057 Murke:.opp.Jnnei
I ' —
t'AUPJiI CLEANING.
CARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. J. McQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. S.2JS.
/IITY STEAM CARPET CLEAN WORKS;
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN -i
Mir. 38 and 40 Eighth »t. ; telephone South 250.
U' HEN YoU BECOME L> I>G U > IK wTFTT
poor work send IoSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 'lehamas'.. ; tel. So. 4J.
/"IARPKT-> LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
VJ samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAN I CO., 402
A. Suiter; lei. Main 394. GEO. W AH OM, prop.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanliig renovtg. alter-
O . atlon works. 40ii McAllister. Tel. Jessie 321.
pARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKK
V^new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36 Mackintosh <£ Co.
JK MITCH r-LU CARI'bT-i'LEAMNU CO..
. 240 14th si- : ileanln? 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 71.
pONKLIN'S CAKI-Kl'- BEATING WORKa
VJ 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
HORSES.
}j>OR SALE— WELL-BRED TEAM OF BLOOD
J bays, 6 and 8 years o.d; hel-ht 16.2: weight
1100 pounds; .sound and gentle and ( an show a3-
ininuie gait: horse Wonder, sired by Decision
from Alexander, his dam by Venture: mare Etlle
C, sire I by Wormwood from Nutwood 600, her
dam by Job. i Nelson: will sell s«i arate and cheap
for warn of use. Can be s 3 en at 347 Fremont si.,
In rear, bef. 9 and 10 A. m. and 1 and 2P.M. . .
ANTED— A GOOD SINGLE WORKHORSE,
TT weight 1200 pounds. At Labor Exchange.
322 Davis st. . .
Aft HORSES FOR BALE; ALSO WAGON**
IV buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors*
Market, 327 sixth st.; auction Bales every \V«d-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOVLK, Auciioneers. .
"L^OR SALE CHEAP— 4O YOUNG WORK AND
a business horses: also 10 mu.es. Cor. Fifteenth
and Valencia s:s. . - '. -, ;
CA HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
UUbniiness 900 to 1500 pounds. O.d TurK-st. car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mnlej. .
F.( |f \ b>-T; NK W . AND hECON l>il AN iJ iiAK-
O\JV ness: all kinds: y,wa«on. carts, surras
& rocka war : 40 chea : i horses. 1 5th and ValmcU.
I ARGE STABIJS AND LOFT FoR RENT
J J cheap. ■ Lniileu aye.. near Van Ness. •
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TVTI W AND -FCOND-HAND RAIvErT
■L-* dry and ml waj;o«: also us top buggy ai.d
rockaw^y. BiB ilani^on sl
"■' * ' ' «■!■ M ft* 1 1 111 lllW I^M>«| I■■ ■■! I ■"" ■ " . ."" "■ '...--'-.J '
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH VRICK* PAID FOR FURNI-
Hire, restaurant, saloon fixture* «nd croc»r '
Stocics. STENBEi'.G U32 Mariiei; let. main 1013.
PARTNER WANTED IN THE BE -TO* S . EB
X and chop house In » aklund; will euarsintpe ll<^- —
place clears $25.0 |a month; big ull-iil^ht trii.-^^B
owner prefers par. ner 10 Hire : help: every In Vest 1>
gntion invited. S TEN BERG & CO., 632 -Market.
fflj/irj/1 RESTAURANT AND LUNCH-
•IpiUV/. nouse; city front: big train: owner go.
ing to Alaska. STENBERO it CO , 632 .Marke .
(fin RESTAURANT NEAR KAII.HOAH-
qpn \J\J. depot: large numbcrof regular boar.len*
neat, Utractive place; part cu.h. bald  real
estate. sTENBE.-tG A Co., 632 Market,
®'y~ft BRANCH BAKBKy, CAXDY, hTC •
«n>^«JU. Western Addition. sTenuekg, BS'i
Market. UUI bsi
<**({()() RESTAURANT MEN. ATTENTION
«J)OUU.tobuy one of the best-pavin- 1 lac«
receipts fl5 dally: trial given full, 1 iavcsUe ;
lion, Si i--NBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
ftl 100 BpTt'H^K-SHoP: KSIABLISHED
pLLVy. 10 years: cuts 12 ca t c. 25 sheep. 8
hogs weekly: 3 hores, 4 wasf.ns: rent me ndin-*
stable, only $40. STENB. KG. 332 Market s-.
<RQOO LOO m , ON IHK CITT FRONT;
«I>t/U"U. old-established place; doing an A] bas -
ness: good fixtures; wen stocked: positive v I; c
In -igiu for over the amount ajked. a s LESS.
103- Market. ' ili! ' »
*7^n MiCHANICS' HOTEL AND BAR-
tfl) I O\J. 32 furnished room*, large kitchen d'n-
lngand sluing rtoms: excellen. locality; down-
town; established over 30 years and has ulwbvs
made money; very low ren:: leas-: house al-
ways filled and paving; death of owner causes
sale. A. S. Lt.SS 1032 MarKet st.
(JJ«-r/A SALOON: C LOS To MARKET:
tJnuuU. flrst-clasi business Iccailty; established
18 years; doing a fine busine«: first-cla s bar-
gain; co such chance ever offered. A. S. LE s,
1032 Market SU!
fljj. (\f\ SALOON: NORTH OFMARKETST.;
tip — \JyJ. nicely flttea up: paying place; good
reasons for selling; a bargain. A. S. LESS, 1032
Market tt. -
<Jjl CfV BUTCHER-SHOP AND FRUIT
tirltJv'. sore, si iia'iil in the Mission: cheap
rent; well fitjed up place; bargain. A. S. LESS,
1032 Mark 1 st. "
<3j('P.r\r\ BOARDING-HO! ?-E OF 64 MAG-
rp\>O\J\J. nlflcently furnished rooms: is situ-
ated in most desirable locality nor of Market st. :
always filled with choicest, ir.o»t select and posi-
tively the best < lass of paying patrons: tin house V
could not be duplicated for less than $9000: owner A
retiring ironi business will bear thorough Invest!- mk
gallon. A. S. LESS, 1032 Marke: st. ~
fl>O,";rv PARTNER WANTED IN CORNER
iu!*-t)\f. butchershop: north of Markets.; noise
and cart: experience not necessary. A. S. LESS
1032 Market st.
"ICECREAM. CANDY AND STATIONERY
J. store, with 4 sunny living-rooms in Western
Addition: near large school; only store of Its kind
In vicinity; bears Investigation. A. S. LESS, 1032
; Market st.
mjQfin BRAN* BAKERY, CAND* AND
rITOUU. notion store; in Western Addition:
eieeant fixture-; large stock: 4 Imn .-room*: rent
*16 50. A. s. LEj-S, 1032 Market st. ,-
DECKER'S BARGAIN-, 1020 MARKET ST.
*iOo— Barber-snop for sale.
$350— Stationery-siore lor sale.
i. 50— Branch bakery for sale.
f 6^o— Restaurant for sale.
$450— Coffee saloon for sale.
$4Co— Casidv-store for sale.
S-350— Wood and coal yard.
»800— Grocery and larforeal*.
$'^SUO— Bakery at.d restaurant.
$175— Cigar-store for sale.
$350— Meat market for sale.
$800— Coffee saloon and restaurant
f 400— Saloon lor sale.
QjQ/m GRAND CHANCE FOR 9 M.N OR
<JpOUv. man and wife: restaurant and coffee
parlors: fine location on Market s.; busln ss of
$30 per day: selling only on account of other
business. rIEALY it CO., 917 Market st.
MERCHANT. ALSO FORMERLY ENGAGED
in and acquainted with indus'rial en erprises,
40 years old. of exceptional ability, would like to
lake the management, or representation or con-
signmeu s of a large concern; very best refeieuces
an 1 guaranties. Principals will 1 leas- address
ALBERT LfcVY, 60 Faubourg POl soinierH,
Paris. Fran:e; letters from ageiuiei will no. be
answered.
ANTED— PARTNER IN AN OLD EsTAB-
U lished grocery and produce business 1 1 ■ lead-
ing business locality; a im.iii willing to >*oik •an
make money. Call or address R. S. ROBINSON,
63 Clementina St.
© MO/I PARTNER WANTED IN A STRICT-
<TpUI.IV.'. Iv first-class restaurant: too much f>r
one man cause f>r par:n 'rsmp: established for
years. Address P. R., box 63, Call.
ANTED— BY A PRACTICAL AND RELIA-
II ble butcher, one who can furnish capital tVr
half or whole interest In an established business.
C. D.. box 30, Call office.
<J> 1 1,~ DELICACY STORE AND BAKERY,
(Ji-i). Twenty-fifth and Shot well st*.: 4 living
rooms and bath; rent $14. Apply on premises.
A LOON FOR SALE IMMEDIATELY ON
O account of slckne s; RE. cor. of Kearay and
California sts. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
rOR SALE-*U)0: LUNCH HOUSE AND
F saloon: 4 livin:-rooms; first-class trade. In-
quire lit Bay street, North Beacn. ■
IjMJB SALE— AN OLD-*STABLISHED tOli-
' ncr saloon; good location. Address A. ii., box
61. Call Oflice.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP: TRADE
gooa; leaving town. L. M. GILLETT, San
Jose. ■ >-'.. ;
dj.QAri PARTNER WANTED; GOOD PAY-
tJpOVVJ. ing business: trial c.vjn. 205 EI.U s:.
IjU 'J>nrt FOR HALF INTEREST IN A M ANU-
ciUU faciuring business. 328 Bush St., rin. 4.
OLD- ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT;
cheap; good prices. Apply 324 Larktn st.
HALF-INTEREST HORSE-SHOEING SHOP,
account of sickness. 329 Eddy st. !*^£B
■yoUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post s:.
T> ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF
sictcness Call at ll'ji/a Eddy st.
r^RENCH. BAKERY; 3 LI VING-RftOMS;
-T rent cheap. App.y Call Office. .
fflj I <;C SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE. 158
rjpl<-c). steuarts;.: see it.
fit 1 rrk THE BEST LOCATrD DAIRY-
iJ)Ii)U. store. 450 V» Hayes st.: rent only #13.
PAR 1 NEK WITH SMALL CAPITAL. IN ES-
tabli.-htd manufacturing business; one can
tend store or drive i.orse anu wagon. 1041 Valen-
cia st ■. '-V ■•■■;/
tffc^vilfk BKCUBKB HaI.F IVTEREST IN A
<JPt)wv/ good business; ample security eiven for
Investment. Address C.C. 861 Tbirty-four.n
sl, Oakland.
BAR AND FIXTURES FOR SALE CHEAP.
Apply 331 Sixth st.
{»in' partner to open a pa YIN a
»Jb 1 —U. restaurant: no opposition. Owner, box
64. caii. ; r^> ;
fflincn A LOON: OWNER GONG EAST.
«J»4-c)l.'. Apply for pnrti. v ars at 235 Third st.
ORNKR SALOON AND C. OAR- STAND;
rood location and good bus neas; cheap. 6I6 l ,a \
Geary st. i
TO LET OR LE.aSE — ACADEMY HaLL.COR, A
Mission ami Mary sts.. bet. rlfth aud S.xth. W
Apply 10 L. ALTSl'illL 320 Ci.v 8.. g f:
(E? 4 >"A saloon: north of market st.j
tJp^jOU. business center; cheap rent: u-ase: a
bargain. Inquire Call O.hce.
ALE INTEREST IX PAVING OFFICK
busln«ss: small cap. tal. 18 Montgomery sL-
rooms 1, 2 and 3.
OWNTOWN ROUTE ON MORN ING PAPER.
Apply 36 J Third st., bet. 12 »nd 2 p.m.:
WAM'KD- PARTNER WANTED IN SMALL
TT restaurant. Apply this office.
A XTKD-M I D ED MAN TO BIT
it or rent c gar stand connected with an oyster-
house. SE. tor. Tweuty-fonrth and Fo'.soni sis.
SALOON, $2000 CASH— FOR SALE CHEAP;
O fTiie corner; o'.egantly fitted; Al location.
Address saloon, box 4. Call Office.
LOR SALE— HALK-I\TERE>T IN A GOOD-
r paying saloon. Inquire Call Oflice.
O»Q£f| CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE,
W*JO\J. ciearing $125 monthly; good location;
tent, with living-rooms, $20: value in s:sht: trial
given: thorough investigation so.lclted: no agents.
U, box 70. Call Oflice.
TO i. EX 1— WINDSOR HO I EL. ST. HELENA
for 8 or 5 years. Wrl.e Gi^ouGE W. FEE
!-L Helena . . . ■: ..*...■ ■■;. ■
PhOSPKROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leav.ng. j duress ■'' box 61, this office.
GENTS' furnishing GOODS; must sell.
VJ a-, once: a bargain for some one. Call after 1
p. m. at 38 Sixth st. _- . ■
QTATIONERY STORE: OLD, GOOD-PA
0 place: nlre for woman 10 make a good living
Inquire » all Office. f
STOKE WITH » LIVINO-RUOMM: ELEGANT V
1 oca lon for business. 406 fourth su j 1
'QXOf-t MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A .Mi /
— — * ) want ads taken :or Tiiic Call.
1 t\(U\ CARDS, $1 SJ. SHOW CARD-*. ETC
IUUU.Te!. Black 141. DILL. 22% Geary St.
LA TEST CAR FKXIUSK PaTM.N1 1 : BE3i' 1-1'
Veutlon. . Apply 623 Golden Gate aye. - -
CITY I.OUT* bUli. oALii. APPLY lili*
offlc?. . V " • ■
VI a i- A Pi-. .1 i.UL'lb 1 ■ JNTiiRiv»R Ci TV
X> close to baa Francis. a ioi particulars uvuif
itla oUice.HOUSES TO LET.
767 WILLOW AYE.— HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS
101 and stable. ■;. ■*
HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS. 217 STEVENSON ST.,
bet. Third aud Fourth; rent, cheat?.
Ij^KEE FIP.i>T MONTH; 6 ROOMS; BATU-
rooui and basement, )?JU. 1311 Rroderick.- ••
HOUBKS TO RENT FOR VERY (LITTLE!
money at BALDWIN i HOW ELL'S, 10
oiit^omery st.
1 ')«■);. BUSH - SUNN V HOUSE; 9 ROOM 8;
J *-— V.' yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
QjJH 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR ©OUOH— B
i I, looms; tvevv conv«-nlpnc«: marine view.
FIUMSHED HOUSKS.
1 Ui'NISHKi) RESIDENCE AND GROUNDS
F for sale or tease at a bargain; tho owner will
sell or lea-e rfs : «ience with 12 rooms partly fur-
ni-heil with about two acres of lan I hirhly im-
" proved, situate in East Oak. and on electric road,
witiiin ten minuses walk from Twenty-thlr i-street
station: broad cauge railroad: rent moderate and
price reasonable. For farther partlcuUra apply
M ADI-os «fc }:KI-. 6 6 Mark": st.
COTTAGES TO 1.1 V
• <S» 1 O sr\'\V COTTA G E OF * ROOMS.
$13. basement and line yard. 1883 Fifteenth
St., hear Dolores.
QOA V O RKST.-NEW COT FOR REN 1 ,
• '•>•' without basement.
COMPLETELY FURNISHED COTTAGE OF 6
\J rooms n-rr Dtrlclit-way station; rent reason-
able to desirable parties. 2408 Fulton. Berkeley.
'Q I 1 NICK COTTAGE"! 4 ROOMS; BATH:
0I 4. sunny: yard: cellar. Key- 711 re.it aye.
FLATS TO LET;
BBAUTIFUITsUNNY 3-ROOM FLAT. THE
X> May belle, -02 Grove st . cor. Van Ness aye.
SUNNY OUTSIDE FLATS: 5 AND 0 ROOMS;
0 baths: nice eardens: reduced; $18 aud $I*o.
.9-ol,i Lombard st.
I POWELL-PART OF FLAT: 3 SUNNY
jL\l J 1 unfurnished rooms: gas included; reas.
'4 iMc.4E-su.NNY FLAT OF 6 rooms
.4 and bath.
1 1 9n WEBSTER— CHOICE 8-ROoM UPPER
J4-— I' flat: bath; "-very room snnnv and pleas-
ant: rent very low. BURN HAM <£ MARSH CO.,
628 .Market.
RARELY BEAUTIFUL. NW. COR. SUTTER
It *nd .-Scott sts.: 6 big rooms. $27 &0: water free:
appreciated if seen. Apply opposite corner grocery
•rpWOXEW >UNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 BOOMS.
' i. 115S Co den Gate aye., cor. Webster.
ELEGANT SUNNY FLAT, FURNISHED OR
X-i uniurmshed: suitable d ctor: $16. 51 Fifth st.
nt)O MCALLISTER— SUNNY UPPER FLAT
— Oof 7 rooms and bath: $27 50.
] <(>i OCTAVIA, NEAR POST— SUNNY,
Ii- 1 bay-window; 5 rooms and bath; large
yard and cellar.
■VTEARdI V HALL; SUN.NY FLAT: SROOMS;
-l-< bath; large cellar: $20. 147 (.rove,
r... C MUDKRN FLAT; 8 KOOMS: BATH; 1
•_-«-'• or 2 lamilies. 1128 Howard st- ____^
FLAT TO LET OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH:
>W. cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire sts.;
rent moderate.
"I O j Ql LAGUNA— 6-ROOM FLAT: LARGE
1— t/3 yard and cellar. Inquire next door,
.No. 1221.
-TMNKST, CHEAPEST, SUNNIEST MODERN
X Mission fla.s. 332-8 Cumberland st.. nr. Church.
I" LATS TO LKT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN & UOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery Sti
fl*C TO $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 3UO FLATS
C -' to let cl-.enp at SPECK & CO.'S, t>o2 Market.
/'HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
\j rooms. 58 to $16: sp» tin m. 523 Seventh st.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Buchanan Street.
r>nc) ANAN.COR. FELL— SUNNY FUR-
\3U- r.ished bay-window and small kltcnen, $11;
with large kitcheu $15.
Clay Street.
"I « CLAY— 2 UNFURNISHED PLEASANT
J.t:—O sunny rooms, licht housekeeping.
Eddy Street.
Q-l 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• 'It connecting rooms for housekeeping; gas
stove.'
■«-••» is street.
OOOELLTS (PALMETTO)-MOST DE C IR-
•.' at>..' bonsekeeping apartments In the city.
iiiih Mreei.
I AT FIFTH-PLEASANT, SUNNY UNFUR-
II'i mshea rooms to let.
9 1 < FIFTH— SUXNY BEDROOM: KITCH-
OH 11: bath; sink; water; no children; pri-
vate: *8.
9 1 1' FIFTH — CLEAN FURNISHED AND
«>—•-' unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 2, $10;
3. $13; single, *5.
A',Ql FIF! H-2 ROOM CUMPLETKLYFUR-
"i~t: nishi-d forhouseKeeDg: water in kitchen.
Oeary Street.
/•I 9 GEARY — 4 HUN NY" ROOMS COM-
JL O pletely furnished for housekeeping.
. , Guerrero Street.
909 GUERRERO— ELY FURNISHED
o^.o sunny housekeeping rooms.
Howard Street.
7fi A HOWARD, COR. THIRD-NICELY FUR-
-1 '-'"i nished front rcoms, also housekeeping
rooms.
-/•ll HOWARD ST.-NICELY FURNISHED
• O J a -sunny suite; kitchen; others; double a d
single. - ■
1 1 A') HOWARD— 2 SUNNY" FKONT BAY-
J It— window housekeeping rooms: range;
rent $10 to 512.
Lewis Street.
QIC THREE FURNISHED ROOMS: COM-
V ' O. plete; stove. 18 Lewis, off Ttylor, nr.
Post-
Minna Street.
CJO MINNA— TWO NICELY FURNISHED
OttO housekeeping rooms.
31is8ion Street.
Qifl LARGE SUNNY SUITE; COMPLETE
jJpJLVJ. forhoutekeepin?. 821 Mission st.
OA?\ MISSION— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS,
,' </ i iJ complete for housekeeping, and front room.
-1 (ir>±) MISSION — FRONT PARLORS AND
J V/OO o:her housekeeping rooms: cheap
1 9 I T MISSION— SUNNY front ALCOVE
1 — I I suite; <omplete for housekeeping; also
singie rooms. — • |>?
1 901 MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
■I *-— 1 also front parlor; reasonable; sunny.
"I 9' I MISSION, COR. NINTH-3 < ONNECT-
X ~O ' nig rooms, $.< 60 a week; large: sunny.
17 OQI MISSION, NEAR THIKTKENTII —
J- '— ''\i Double furnished front room; bath;
laundry, piano; $8, $a.
Montgomery Street.
P. 97 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY - OPEN
O~ t -until 9:3 o'clock: branch office ot The
C all: aufcacrrpttonc ti:d want ads taken.
-Mntii Sireet.
19- NINTH— FLAT OF 5 OR 6 ROOMS WITH
100 everything complete for housekeeping;
corner house: buu all day; must be seen to be
appreciated.
Oak street.
QO TWO SUNNY Ri.OJIS; UNFURNISHED:
O. large pantry, etc, adu.ts; fret floor. 48 Oak.
p.j OAK— •_' UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
0~l hou&eKueping: new house; bath.
1 »-.lc Street.
-\f\AO POLK-2 LAI GE NICELY FURNISH-
JutO ed a tinny front rooms for housekeeping;
rent $16. ■ .
• : fceventh Street.
I jOfEVHNTII (GIKABD)— SUITER AND
J"J — k:tclicii3;al no single r< oriis:m.'»vly renovated
Mock: on i-»'«»e..
Ql9 1820 STOCKTON — 4 FURNISHED
•"5 ' •'• sunny rooms and yard on lower floor.
. I. jiii Street.
■I C\G\ THIRD ST. — MCKLY FURNISHED
1 "Us housekeeping rooms; very reasonable.
. Washington Street-
Cf)O WASHINtJTOX —8U X N V UNFUR-
O\J~4 nished rooms; price to suit the limes.
Alice ci lancuiii.
VfW. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE— 7 UNFUR-
alshed rooms and bath. »
KOO3IS TO LKT. I
Dykeinau Place.
TVTICELY FURNISHED ' OOM: CONVENI-
IV ent for 1 or 2 adults Apply 7 Dykeman piace,
off -Mason, near O'Farre I. '
Kildy Street.
Am EDDY-NICE SUNNY' ROOM FOR 2,
4 L -- with board; *18 apiece per month.
It. — ~ ~
i ij;l"l> street.
SUFRMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. ?S BTH
Obi., near Market: lurnisheil and unfurnished.
00l FlKliril - A NEATLY FURNISHED
oJ.-i from room for 1 or 2 gentlemen with gas
an : bath: cheap.
a- hi* street.
EOYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDES-
cent iignts: i-e»dlnß-rooni, smoking-room and
Indies' uarior: per night. 35c to *1 &0; week, $2 to
58; moiitb,»Btos3o: elevator; hot.cold water baths
rrHK RAMON A. 130 ELLIS, MR^. K.\TE S.
I HART, manacer— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hoi & cold water.
-pOrEDALK, 821 ELLIS— SI ROuMS
Xt 25c; double rooms 50c night; traimeu..
'Q- ELLIS, NEAR HYDE- NICELY FUR-
-000 nished front rooms; bath; rent cheap.
1 nth street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN - SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per night; $2 to So per week.
.Fifteenth Street.
1 fiQ^ FIFTEENTIT COR. VALENCIA —
XUt/») Larg- unfiirntshei bay-window room:
middle flat: references.
iourth street.
Ol a FOURTH— PLEASANT SUNNY FRONT
OJLU room or suite, with use of piano; a few
other furnished rooms to rent very cheap.
Geary Street.
1 no GEARY — EIEGANTLY FURXISHED
J-V/O sunny room*; en suite or single; offices.
91 C BKAKY, OPP. UNION SQUARE-UN-
— . 1 O furnished room-; ket at 217 Geary st.
Golden Gate Avenue. .
GOG GOLDE < GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
Ut)U room; modern conveniences; very reason-
able.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE-NICE SUNNY FRONT SUITE, $15:
i board optional.
I.' ones Mr««..
11/1 JONES— 2. 3 OR MORE UNFURNISHED
lln rooms: che. p.
- u«nrny Street,
\ BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KKARNY —
J:V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite »nd single; first
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
Blaiket Street,
\7-OSF.MITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET—PER
X night, $35 to .*] ; week, $1 50 to *5: families.
>..;«. mi street.
Tin MASON — PARLORS OCCUPIED BY
1 X— maker for years; suitable lor doctor.
A 1 Q MASON. OPP. NATIVX SONS' HALL —
"i 1 O Xicely furnished sunny rooms reasonable.
ill A MASON. BET. WASHINGTON AND
X 11U Clay— Sunny bedroom and kitcnen; gas
stove; folding-bed: $12 60.
McAllister Street.
nnn McAllister — nice LARGE FUR-
D— O nlsbrd front room; with c!o<et.
>i.iuii:i Mrt-o-.
(*nn MINNA, COR. eighth— newly FUR-
DO • m.ihed b«y.window rooms: $1 per week.
3ii>sniii >in«..
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: PELECT
iamlly rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
Oak Strees.
r r:i <riA oak-sunny furnished front
») 1 — room, suitable lor gentleman, $4; with
breakfast, $:'.
Fine Street.
QA~. PINE— ELEGANT KOOMS, GAS ANT)
1 *J«) bath: furnished or unfurnished; suite or
single. *
i ost screes.
90 Q POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON,
3 LARGE SUNNY OFFICES, SUITABLE \
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC.; OVERLOOKS PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
Sacramento Street.
111/1 SACRAMENTO— SUNNY FURNISH-
J '1 1 '1 ed room; des.r«bi« locality; private
f.mlly. /
i»econd .Street.
9Q I —FURNISHED ROOMS, 100,
J-O I 15c, 25c per night; 65c to 81 &0 weekly.
Mi tli Street.
QQ PIXTH — QUIET PUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; Ml conveniences; rireproof building.
Mevenson Street.
7QQI STEVENSON— SUNNY LIGHT COM-
I •••.)!• fortable rooms: no cars to disturb at
night; rent $4 up.
'lurk Street.
C/fQ TURK — SUNNY ROOM. RUNNING
OH O water, grate, gas, bath; light housekeep-
ing: $10.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN ill ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tun Call, Subscriptions and
want ads tak- n.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
QQQ GEARY— SUNNY BUITK OF ROOMS;
t/OO private bath; suitable for families; French
board.
lJ.ni VAN NESS, COR. BISH-SUNNY
liul parlor salt?; 2 or 3 rooms; private bath;
board.
CflO VAX NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
OUO nished tunny rooms, with board.
'ftA EDDY, COR. HYDE— NICELY FUR-
O\J\J Dished large double room, with board.
ALEXANDRIA, 781 SUTTER— KLEGAXT
xv. suites and single oms; with or without board.
1 1 Q LEAVKN WORTH— GOOD BOARD AND
IJ v room for 2; private fara ly, $4 v eek.
HOTEL RILING. 714 B SH-A FAMILY
hotel: reference* all modern conveniences.
CHILDIiKX IIOAKDED.
,-,,-,,-  . „._,,- ,- lf^.-,, * ,
pOOD HOME FOR A ( PLEOFCH HEN
VT or infant, or would lake care of invalid: heat
of care fcuarante^d; terms low. 3631 Twenty- first
st , near Chu eh.
STORKS TO LKT.
TO LET— CIGAR-STORE, BOOT BLACK-
stand and advertising •space, at 1179 Market St.
CHEAP; 16-0 EDDY ST., CORNER STORE,
\J living-rooms, with Htable.
Al (I FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
ttXU In rear; low rent. Apply to U. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery It
OFFICES TO LKT.
1 nOK MARKEI — SUNNY OFFICES; UN-
I tJW furnished; new house; modern conven-
ience.
*) i )^\ POWKLL, COR. GEARY-FURNISHED
~-~-U parlor guile of 3 rooms: suitable for doctor.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell— oesirao c offices, with gas. Janitor and
elevator. HOVE ,To v <fc Co., ;. o .< oiitgomory.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS - FOR UPP L 1 S FOR THIS
vy yard, Mare Island, < al.. February. 27,
1897.— propo a s indcrs d "I'ropoias for
Supplies lor the Navy-yard, Mure Island, i al., to
be opened ' March 30, 1.-97,' will be received at
the Bureau of Supplier and Acioautu Navy De-
partment, WasniriK'>n, D. c.. until 12 ock,
noon. March 3 , 1897. and public y opened Imme-
diately tlier-.mer, to furnish at he Xavy-yard,
Mare and, Cal., a quantity of cand'es, (tuned
ve^eiabl''-. pickles, tinned hams, tinned muiton.
dried apples. dried peaches, raiiius, prunes, tinned
salmon, syrup, rice, Mtcel p.a:e*, steel an les, riv-
ets, burrs, hardware, ri.-ging iea:hT, lumber, bolt
copper, sheet copper and alien: Iron. The articles
must confirm to the navy standard and p irn the
usual naval Inspection. Blank proposals will b-
furnished upon application to the Navy Pay
Ollice, ■ fjan Franci<co. Cal , or the Navy-yard,
.varc Island, Cal. T.« bids, all other thinw". being
equal, decided by lot. 'Ihe department reserves
the right to waive defects or to reject any or all
I) cs notde-mrd advantageous to the government.
EDWIN STEV\ ART. Paymaster-General, U. S. N.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHARDT'SCOMBIXED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ a::d School of • Instruction (Incorporated);
PltAi TICAi. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest Improvea methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc. SPECIAL
ATTENTION' given to caiefui a say and analysis
oi ores, water*, etc 26 o'l-arre;l .st. : eleva.or.
A si hool of physical culture and
■i-y- Elocution. 1215 cctavia St., an Francisco.
Mli-S ELIZA MACKINTOSH. rUPiI of Professor
G. W. Bayuham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School- of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. m , Saturday a. M.
"pUKSIVK SHORTHAND 1 ' ISTHE EASIK-T.
' \J best and cheapest; vowels aud consonants
joined: no positions; descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pitn an. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: first-class refute ices. RO*
CUE KAMES, room 70, Flood building.
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST-
Bookkeeplng, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, langu<tceg, English branches.
electrical engineering; M teachers: 15.00U gnulu-
ttes; day and eveuing sessions; catalogue,
AYRES 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE. 32
Montgomery st. ; individual instruction 1.1
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphr. eta
hie KcholanhlD $50: J»w ratei per week and mo.
OTAMMEKING, LISPING. ALL IMPERKEO
0 lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, Individual instruction; references from bes'. in
California. PROF. B. B. DAVIS. 1608 Market.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theutrlrals arranged; pupils hearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.u.0.K block, 7th and ilkt.
LEO COOPEH. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, Pantomime and Acilnsr; study of reper-
toire and vocal music 814 Geary st.
TT-NOINKEKIXG SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC*
J-i civil, ujlning, survey, assay, »rchit., X ray
taught; e5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSIN
College, 723 Market s:. ; students trained; ollice
situations secured; lowest rates or credit (or tuition
QPANISU AND GERMAN THOROUGHLY
0 taugbi; lessons 2£>c. ROBERTO IIAHX,
Sutter s:.
SINGING— ALSO PIANO & VAMPING; NEW
Italian method; 8 lesson*. $4. 417 Mason st.
ZITHER LESSONS GIVE v BY MAXMAIER,
Zj 526 Turk St., bet. Lurkln and Polk.
pttOF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
J- guitar, cornet; reasonable, 225 Geary, ur.PowelL
800K K PNG. WRUNG. ARlTllfllTC, GRAMH,
day & night; nocla-isee: $5 month. 845 Mission..
SINOING; PiANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
0 French, lieiman languages: $2 mo. 109 laylor.
GLIIAR. ,MANi»ULIA, i'lA.Nu iiXl) VuC^-
\J lessons. $:■( mo. Mary Westbaus. 3» Film.
ÜBISCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch otlice, lo'j Hayes si.;
open until i) :30 o'clock.
MEDICAL. -
YEW PROCESS— PROGRESS IV
1> medical science; acknowledged by a 1 medi-
cal faculties: no medicine, instrument* or worth-
less i ills used; • very woman her own physician;
all female troubles contiden.lally and discreetly
treated, no mutter whit: cause; can be sent and
used at home; res. ores always in one or two days:
ii. i cases guai am eed; travelers helped wi boat fail;
the genuine New Process can be had only ut my
(•ill c; any other p ecesi ji an imitation and worth-
less, as it is my own Invention, advertised by me
for 25 years. DX. POPPER, 318 Kearny St.
ALL CASES OF MO.M'HLY sUPPKESSIOX
(from whatever cans ') restored in a lew
hours: safe and sure at any lime; instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 year*' successful
practice; my celebrate! remed.es for monthly
suppression never fail . every case guaranteed :con-
eu tation Ir>e, conriden ial; hourt 10 to 5: pills if L
MRS. DR. WYjSTH, 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
Dn. J. H. JO">SELYX, 1 HE GRr.AT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers bis va uab c services to in.- uu-
iortuua:e. With a mind ma ured a d eurlcued by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of humun ills be cannot
treat to a perfect c re Ladles, he Is always ready
10 assist you. His knowledge has teen streng b-
ened by extensive experience, So case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His fern a c monthly r> niedi are sure and
r»fe in their iff ct<. His tried aid valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In heir
action, ana are warranted for both ycuni and °''l.
He excels all others In the cureof private diseases,
tver 5J years of practice enub es him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consu.ta ton pariors. »D 6
Market St. Call or write direct to 906 Market si.,
rooms 11 and 12.
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
Jess: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec ricity hum-
Dug or other dangerous methous: money In every
I case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
j helped immediately; years' experience; home In
! confinement with sanitarian convenience, Con-
i sult free the ouiy reliable physicians, DR. AND
| MRS. DA VI Ks, 14 McAllister st., next Hlburni*
Bank; hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to S p. U.
APROCE-8 IHAT NEVER *-AILS TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness Horn
whatever cause in a tew hoars wl.en medicines
and others bnve tailed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every < us- guaranteed;
; advice free; terms reasonable: first-class pilvk:»
home for coniinement. M Kb. Lit Da LEY, 1123
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULKT'S FRUNCH CAPSULES-
enftranteed absolute cur-) for ell iemals dis-
ease* (no nia.ter whet cause): positively safe nil
cure; no uang r or after effects; taken In lime I:
also acts as a preventive: pries $1 50 per box:
sent free by mall on receipt oi vnco. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
R. AND MR-*. WGENER. 528 EDDY ST.:
private home: every comfort: separate rooms
before and auring coniineinen ; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular ) hysician: quick re iff
for travelers: best care; ict i s moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills $&
MRS. OOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill.
free diagnosis; low fees: sell-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
J\. dies with female troubles; nodanger; safe and
sure: $- bOexi ress C. O. D.; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oaklund-.Cil.
* SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS.
J\- eases from whatever c-< us-; a home In con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. OWYER, 226 Turc at^
* LL,- FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND IMS-
j\. ease* of the <-ye pe'rnanently cured at' MRS.
DR. SCOTT-, 410 l.eary st. : consult ition free.
DU PRAE- FKM.VLK RK.GULA PILLS;
safe and efliclent emmenavogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.. druggist*. 406 Clay Bt.,sole
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1051 Market St.: bis 30 year*
tuccessful practice Is a uur.ranteeof fair treatmeu.;
the worst cases treated tatisiac;orily by mail.
N>URPA>SED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
J troubles. diseases. MRS.Di{.PUETZ,'/54y2 4tn.
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. I)R. FUNKE. 1418 Kighth St., Alameda.
1 JR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NfcAli
XJ Jones. Diseases or women and children.,
FOII SALK-MJSCKLLANKOUS.
FORSALK-3 COWS. HORSK AND WAGON,
100 chickens, incubator, house furniture: pri-e
$'250. J. W. PUUTh.It, San Pablo aye., We»
Be keley.
■PHONOGRAPH FOR HALE CHEAP. L. M.
L GILLETI, San J. se. '-. : . •.
Wo GiiOuMII-CH C >W-. WITH PRIVATE
customers. 310 Golden Gate aye.
T>RINTINU TYPE FOR SALE VERY' CHEAP.
X 8 Montgomery aye., room 13.
<n. 1 Q ALMOST NEW WHITE sEWING-
• ,10. machine, attachments complete. 81'Ja
Filbert st. |
I ■'OR SALE- A THRASHER .-ENGINE, IN
X perfect order. App.y 321 Sutter st.
AXDSOME LA ROE GILT FRAME MlR-
ror. costing $150, for half price. .739 Pine st.
inn SHARES OF CYPRESS LAWN CKMt.
JLUU te-y stock. R. A., box 139. Call Office.
ON CORD STAGE; FIR-T-CLASS CONDI-
\J tlon ; cheap. Address 527 Green st. ■
DETALI'MA INCUBATOR: XE.vRLY NEW;
X c.pacity 230 eggs. 1141 -liver aye.
roli SALE — SMITH PREMIER TVPK-
F writer near new and cabinet desk: also fine
Parisian music-box. $200; cost $600. 41 Third St.
FI.nE black suit, 9 a 50. MISFIT
CLOTHING Parlors, 613 Montg'y, cor. Com'!.
Of I C* ' DOMES 1 10 SEWING MACHINE; IN
{Jp 10. good order. • 1916 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
ABEAT DANK PUPS: THOROUGHBRED.
\T 810 Ellzub^th sU. W. of Castro.
AND I,ALM)i.y MACHINE-; NEW AND
(second-hand; tools, supp ies, etc 766 Bryant
In U l.'l ON iROX WORKS ENGINE; 60-
X power. WHITE, 516 Mission It,
COfi-EK MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESS
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
Jj«jJLER.S,KXGI.nES,.'D-HAXI>MACHIXERY
»' water-pipfs.,Mcintosh«t Wolpnian. 137 Beule.
li AKS, HHOWIASI.B, COUNTERS. SHELV-
U ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
AI.GE DOUBLE' # COMI'ARTMENT ' COIN
bnnksaf*; cbea,). 8 Mission st. .
LARS. BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
if cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furnitur • and fixtures, now and
secondhand. IJ. N< .ONAJtf, 1017-1019-lOal-lOaj
Mission 8.. above Sixth. .
YEW fiLMWODD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
JA W. S. HAY' MFG. CO, IS California st.
MS SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZK
lire and burglar proof safe. 100-111 Market i.
PERSONALS.
WILL KATK FOX. WHO WAS A NURSE AT
»» the University Hospilat.Pnliadelphla, In 1877.
please se: d her addre« to P.O. box 2, Moores-
town, Burlington County, A". J.
IF '! HE PARTIE WHO WERE ON BTJTTKR-
street cable-car o • .lan iary 4 wh>-u a oue-armed
gentleman ivi knocked down by the .ar will
kindly send their addresses to T., box 55, Call
Ofllie, they will confer a great favor. !
ME. LEO.NA— LIFE READINGS ANDGKN-
uine magnetic treatments. Km. 3, 995 Market.
THE PACIFIC PINE LUMBER COMPANY'S
1 employes, Third and Berry at-. — I lake this
means of thankinir you for your tribute and svm-
patby in my beieavemenu JOHN. BROWN.
XE DOZEN CABINET CARBONETS FREE
to any one oreanlzinit c ob of 10, at PETERS'
PHOTO STUDIO, 914 Market st.
W ANTED-10 LADIES, GOOD TALKERS. TO
*» solicit for r="ady selling goods; good pay. 1535
Geary si., bet. 1 and 4 r. H.
PHKUMATISM
It Makes you lame; will soon confine yon to the
house unl^ si you go at once to »<!:. SMITH'S
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS; the mi st emi-
nent physicians 'lv Europe and America recom-
mend these-bot baths. 1533 Buchanan st.
JOHN L. SULLIVAN SAY'S:
"I was si«ff'-riog from a badly bruised and
sprained hand. VITA OIL gave me immediate
relief, and at my next engagement I hn« two good
sparring hands." *1 bot, hs.). 1533 BUCHANAN.
PRIVATE DKTECIIVEWOHK BOSK REA-
X sonab c: 10 years' experience: all matters
conlidentiaL G.R. WEBs'l 1027 Markeurm 6.
r ALL PAPER AT COST; PAINTING,
pa .er-hauging and interior decorations our
speriuity by the best workmen oaly. "MERI-
OAK," 1302 Webster st.
A DVICE FRKE: DIVORCE LAWs A cPKC-
A. laity: private; no lee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale
damages, etc, ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, auy-atrlavr. 850 Market, cor.Stocktn
GOOD, consc K.VTIOUS WOKK COUNTS
every time. My strictly first-class 25-cent
halrdn-ssin^ Is becoming appreciated more and
more every day. Have got some new. switch es,
best quality; selling last from $1 to $2. G.
LEDi-jih.R, 111 Stockton st.
iss ALLIN, CORNS, INGROWING NAILS;
new method. 620 Market at. (opp. Palace
Hotel), room 20.
Miss < LLIE LAKE. CARD RKAIJER AND
magnetlsL Rooms 3 and -i. 309 Suiter.
DO YOU SUFFER FROM RHEUMATISM OR
xJ dyspepsia and want to be cured? information
sent l'ree. DR. CUMMINGS, 803 Third su
MAGMSCOPE — NEW I ROJECTING MA-
chine; us s the kine:oscope 11 ms; price re-
duced, $150 BACIGALL PI, 946 Market st.
i]> I A DOZEN— FIXE CABlNcio «i \Vii^
tjnl son's nailery. 1028 Market.
1G OUTUOOIi STKRKOPTKON >HOW EVE-
I> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness, Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 140 Market st.
HHUFSCHMIDT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfitier t23uolden(>ate ay. Tel. .sutler «71.
STROZY>SKI. 24|GKARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cuiters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LAN DRY
C. BABIN, 4ia Kearny st.
PAINTING, WHirEXIXG. PAPERING;
X lowest estimates best work cnaranie d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
I S KKKOAN (FORMERLY ITU G. LEl>-
erer) has opened a stylish balrdreailng par or;
latest effects ;price 25c. 124V'a O'Farrell, nr. Powell.
"417 aIONTGOMEttV SI., BRANCH OFFICE
OZii uIUkUU,; waul ads kud nuoacriptloua
taken.
I - ARTINGTON'S hCHUOL Oi-' MAG \ZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.: illustration* :ur-iaueu
for magazines, newspaper*, etc. -■■■■ ■■;,' ■%'
IJUPTUKK A.ND PlLnid CURED: NO PAY
XX until cured: send for book. DRS. MAN*
HELD & PORTKRFIELD b3B Marks: st. V.
LI CTRIC LIGHIJi IN EVERY ROOM
Winchester House. 44 Third sL, nr. Market;
100 rooms. 25c to $1 M) |«r night: $1 SO to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and lrom the ferry.
LOAKS. FUiU A.Mi sl/11'3 KETAILKD Al',
V wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome St.
-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TOE
\.J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United Stales or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
K«e free
CLAIRVOYANTS.
DON'T BE A « HEAP -PORT.. - -
Consult the iuidiumls:ic marvel of the cen-
tury on the result of the great prizefight: guaran-
tee of correct tips; picks 4 winiiers every day at
the track;. dome.it c dillicultles, Intrlcu financial
ni?.iers, love affairs, specialty "Napoleonic"
charms magnetize mv revealed multeities cure
all diseases. MISS VAX DE VEUK j.arior 1,
1 Filth st. ■
MMX. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RKVKAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, luture: consultations on all affairs: Doth-
in; excepted; name* given: good advice: sura
help; res:ores lost love by sympainy ; mistake im-
possible: fee *1: letter $2. «2» Post st., nr J.arktn.
RACK TEISEN. CARD-READEK. FROM
\J Denver, just returned. Address 12(Ja Eddy
St., parlor 'J. ; . i~-.'::
ETHEL OKAY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD
reader and palmist. 1169 Mission st. between
c-evemh and Klghth.
ME. I.EGUETTK, CLAIRVOYANT: BUSl-
ness aivlce: friendship leg ored; one price,
25c. 311 Telinma si., near Fourth.
QO' .MARK.-T- SPEAKING AND TESTS
Oil 1 to-nlgnt. Mrs. Kale Hoskins, Meda Jios-
kins and o hers; 10c.
1 A DIES' AID WIi.L MKET 7 O'CLO X TO-
Xj night. 418 McA lister st.: members come.
Rs. DR. DKAN, MEDIUM \ND MAGNET-
-Ist. 10-11 Market st,, room 6.
KS. L. 111 iHOR.N, PLANET RKADKR,
ni«dlum:ri to 8 p.m :25c. 11-.7 Mission
\1 ME. RAVEN A RKAD3 LIFK FLUKNTLY;
I*l business advice; namesglven; 25c up.s F.urth
MM 1. HA NSKN, PALMIST, CARD-R. -.AD KR;
pust, present and future: 2ac Ms.-ixiii, r.5.
/IYPSY LIFK. LEADER, 3 SiVKNH ST.;
vj ladies 25c, gents 50c: all questions amwereo.
MISS PEARL, PAI MIST; MAGNETIST: RE-
moved irom 223 Post to l2o^i Geary, rm. 2.
MME. MOREAU. BKST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.: water readings a specialty.
ME. WALTERS OK TKHAMA ST.; CARDS;
ladies 25c. gems 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Sixth.
MMX. S>* BiLLri 1 t.U.i i'KOAI CRAULr. TO
IM grave: pictures given:ladles 25c: Sil4 'v/FarrelL
NOW THY lURE; CARPS lihiAD
ti tub fully. 419 i.enry st., room 22.
ISS INA COHEN. PARISIAN CARD-
reader and irmgneilst. R 12. 109 Grant aye.
SPIRITUALISM.
pBOFRSSOB FRKL» EVANS IX HIS MAR-
J. \elous flate-writlng tess. Golden G.re Hull.
625 Sutter st. ; reserved seats at Mozarl'j millinery
s oie, 999 Market St., near Sixth.
MX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um: life readings, love ilrs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations a speciality, 838 Misslou
MRS. C. J. MI'.YER. CIR. TO-XIGHT. TUES.,
•>l Wed. and Frl., a p. m.; 10c; trance dr., Mon. &
Frl. eve., 2 c: sittings dally. 326 McA lister St.
EA LI'S . GRAND SLATE - WRITING
seance, Me ropolitan Temple, Sunday night;
seats. 330 Ellis St. .
CV, MILLKR, KTHEREALIZING, MATE-
. ria;lziiig, trumpet seance, 8 i". ii., 505 Post
st, 25c.
\IKS. MAYO -TEKRS, 1121/ a OAK: CI 1 CLX
iVL Tui'Slay, 8 p. M., Thurs.. % p. m. : readings $1.
/ • RAND TKST CIRCLE EVERY WED. EVNG
VJ» by Mrs. C. Come ins, 8 Mason ; si; tings d oily.
RS. LEW S, WRIIING MEDIUM AND
clairvoyant; hours. 12 to 6. 419 Third st.
PttO*KBfeOti FR D fcVAN*,. IHE NuTED
slate-writer, is located at 1242 McAllister st.
MRS. H. A. GIUFFIN-CiK. >f.N. KVK.; 25c:
lest mtg. Thur. eve.; st?s daily. 42b Va Grove
AM. *'ilA>Clsj,' 1 wl-.Pr..NUt..\ 1 »L.\TE
. writer. 118 Halcht St.; hours 9 until 6 pm.
KS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance Mat n tdlum A !it» reader, '-'IX Stockton
 11YPNOTIS3I.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls; also taugut. Hypnotic lust.. 6 O'Farrell.
PROFESSION AJV CARDS.
JOHN R. AITKEN AND M /> UMIC'E L. ASHKR,
at law, rins. 615,01u, sli- floor, Parro.lb.dg
OHN K. RICHARD^ LA W OFFJCKs. KOUXi
•<ta and 27, Crocker nuiluiii*; miivl>uuu» M«ut
'16. ban Francisco, CaL .'. - ■• . :•;■■
; ;V^ STORAGE. \ .::..
REDUCr.D RATES,. FURNI.TUKE, PIANOS.
II householu too is, etc. J. M,. PIERCK, 735 Mkt.
CITY REAL ESTATE. '
>9fln Rare opportunity to buy a
«iP«JWU. home cheap; consisting of a house of 2
flats. 6 rooms and bam: each 1 r $2l( 0 rents for
$bO per month, and can be paid off In insta Irneius
with the rent; ea-,t side of Palmer street, near
Twenty-ninth, st. ; electric car.
J. BKOWNSTONE, ;
vY-,i . 11 Montgomery st.
Money to loan on city property.
TWO LOT?, POTKERO AVK, BET. 20TH
X and 21st: bOxlOO; very cheap. Inquire corner
giocery. :. . VsVl:
HOUSE FOR SALE 8 ROOMS A NX) BATH;
2 rooms in basement; to be removed. Inquire
811 Height st.
HOUSE Ni) lOT, 25x80, "243 PERRY;
steady rental S2B uioniu; make offer. For
purlieu ars 745 Harrison it- .,
ffl.r,'nn CORNER HOUSE AND LOT: CEX-
«JP \ i OXjyj. tral location. Sacrifice, box 80, Call.
NLY 1 LET- NEW HOUSES, JUST COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; a.reet to be bilu-
minized. Apply on premises.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TXT ANTED— PIANO, HORSE OR BICYCLES
TT in exchange fir land, lot in Berkeley or acre-
age. Address 11 , box 12, Call Oilice, Oakland.
*l)-(W| CLEAR: STORE AND FLAT ON
«JT^ Owl/ good street in Oakland; tiade for
property near the racetrack in Santa Rosa.
HUGH M. CAMBKON, 479 .vinthst., Oakland.
Zt\t\ HOUSES, LOTS, RANCHE - AND BUSI-
O\JV mas places. H.C. DICKER. 1020 Market
OKND (UK OUR UlS>l' <>!■■ DKUHAKu tiU.Miii
D tor sal* W« »O«<TK K. AWHIT 1< > >", R-«n ]mm
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOU-E AND LOT SOUTH OF MARKET:
$3000 toinvp-t. 658 Harrison st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITUHE OR PIANOS,
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rotes:
without removal: no < ommlssiona: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 .Mission si., above Ulxth.
telephone Jessie 41.
ALIBKKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS
• jewelry, sealskins and silverware; Interest
low. Cut-Kate Loan Office, 7 Flood building, 809
Market st.
flTjqrjfV f\l\i\ AT 61/2 PER CENT OX CITY
ts) i)U \J. \J\J\ ' real estate; also Oakland: es.aiei,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
bain Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
HIGHLY l.K>Pi-.CI AXLE AND PRiVATK
place to obtain the most l.beral advances on
diamond! and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry ssti.re, 843 Market.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2DOR 3D MORTGAGE!*.
estates, vlde.i interests, real estats in pro-
bate: furniture and piano* without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 MontKomery St.. room 3.
ffljQ»)K i|||()Al' BANK KATES; IST AND
«]pO«-i).UUU 2d mortcaxes. estates, rents, eta;
lend as iow as 950. H. MUKI'HV, CZi Market sl
IV' HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
TT We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ANY SUM, ivr- OR 2ND MOKTO GES, EB-
-tates in probate, etc. Riu. 7, 508 California, St.
OX FURNITURE; VERY LuW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNKIt, 7 City Hall eve.
LOANS ON REALEsTATK: LOW P. \ E
JJof Intfrest. JaB. B. BROOK Pine. 58-59.
ON" FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RE-
moval: low rates: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FUKNII'LKE. WITHOUT
removal: very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
PRIVATE PARIY LOANS OX ANY GOOD
X security; interest .ow. Add. J. W., box 45, CalL
MO.NEy TO LOAN ON KEAL KSTATK: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
Qj^./\ 'IO $50. 000 ; 1 -\> \\ h»4' i.A'lf.:/lM & i\>
»P»JU mortgage: Ha; orinstlmnt. Dryden, 5^3 CaU
» DVANCKS US DIAMONIJS.Ji-.vV J-.LKV.KI'O
ADVANCE-* UN IIiAMUXI'>.JiMV y i-rant ay«.
I olumbli Loan A i olla'«-r!il ollicp 1' i rn'i: ay«.
MONEY WANTED.
\\J~ A NT 1. D — SEVKRAL SMALL LOANS
TT from private party; good Interest. Addiess
L. Ii , box ■ 9. Call Oflice.
C-KOOM HOI GIVEN ALM ST RENT
O free, city, for a loon Of $750. L. box 77, Call.
FINANCIAL.
ffl»7fllin WANTED.; AT 6V PER CENT.
«J) I U"v for 4 years, on a first mortga.e, on
1160 aires of well-improved farming land, now in
crop; no agents. Address BOW. M. STILL, An-
nette, Cal.
Jin f\f\f\ OX BUSINESS PROPERTY FRM
«Jp J ~.\J\jyf private parties tit 6Vs P r out;
only pnn ipal.. .'ritire-n T. D., box i>». Call <'flice.
TRUSTEES* SALES.
TRUSTEES.' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
thi- terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by UASMU- H.
JOHNsON, party of the Drat part, to Hl-.NRY
C. tAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.KENT,
trustees, parties of the second part. and
the BAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated January
full, 18t)l, and recorded in the office of .the
County Recorder of the county of Fresno,
State of California, in liber 114 of deeds, at
pities 40 and following, and in pursuance of a
ution passed on the 11th day of February,
1897, by the boar l of directors of »a a SAN FK.».%-
CI CO &A v ING- UNION, a corporation, and the
bolder of the note (No. 10,577). to secure
pay in nt of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
ex cuted, declaring tb it a< fault had be n vii.de In
the payment of the principal sum and other Bums
due under said no.c und deed of trust, and request-
in« and directing said Hi-NRV c. CAMPBcLL
and THADD>.U> B. Ki-.NT, trustees, io sell the
real ts ate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKN 1, trustees, do herei.y giw not.cc that on
TUESDAY, the 'J.'.ii day of .»i arch, A. D. 1897,
at Ii o'clock noon of that day, an.', at the auction
salesroom of liaslon, kid rid Co., .No. 638 .Market
street, in the City and County of san Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In go.d coin of ttie
United states, the piece or parcel of land situate
In the county of i'usio, Mate of California, de-
bcriuen as follows, to wit:
According to th« olticial plats and system of
surveys of the Government or the United states:
In township Queen (1. ) couth range nineteen
(19) east, Mount Diablo base und meridian:-
Of section twenty-live (23), the south half
(S. Ye)-
Containing tliree hundred ant twenty (320)
acre* of land, more or lees, together with ihe
appurtenances. \
I'EllM-S OF SALE— Cash In jro'd coin of the
United states: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer: uulance on de-
livery of de.d: and if not so imUI. unless for want
of title (ten days b ing allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited an. l Hie sale to be
void. Acs of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBEi.t,.1 T ,
THADDEUS B. XT. / Aru "tees.
fTIRUSTEEB'BALK-lN ACCORDANCE WITH
1 the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of tru«u duly executed by CLINTON A
i;URKfc. party of the nrst part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trust-
ees, parties of the second part, and Till. SAX
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
thira part, dated November Is . 18H2. and recorded
In tne office o; the County Recorder or the coun.y
of M'l'.tere , state of California, in liber 1 of trust
deeds, at pages ■■ and following, and in pursuance
of a resolution pissed on the lOth day of !>.-• em-
ber, 1896, oy the board of directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 12.011), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had be»n mane in
the payment of the pr.nc:pal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and direc ins; said HKNRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEI's 5. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therein to satisfy
•aid indebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TIE DAY. the 23d day of .\lu;cri. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room i f i a-ton. El .ri ige &Co , .-o. 6.8 Maiket
street, in the ( l; 7 a d County ol San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at pubic auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in col 1 coin of the
United states, the piece or parcel or land sit-
uate In the county of on ere., s.ate of Califor
m«. described a.* follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system Of
surveys of the Government, of the United Slates:
In 'township twenty- nrep (2) south, rans;e
ten (Ii ) eav, Mount Diablo base and me idlan:
Of section inir.,> -itv.- (8.), the wb >ie cou.h n-
Ing ti n.:.dr. d and fi<r.y-(6tOj • cies of .aud,
more "r .•*»»■, O7' 'her w h t •* »ppun~ni.nce*. \
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in god coin of the
United states; ten per cent payable to the under-
sicned on the fall of the i.nmnie. : balauce on de-
livery of need; and If not -<> pa.d, nnless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search),' then
said ten per " nt to be. forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense, .
HENRY C. CAMPBELL l Trut^
1 A DDE Vsn. X NI. J i ™a****.
■ : \ ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
lalty: private; no fee without success: prolate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detective estab. 10 year*.
O. W. iIOWK, 850 -Market st. <orner Stockton sl
A DVICEFHEK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
IxL cessful. | W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at.
W. KING, ATTORNKY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. lcle building; advice fiee: low re ■: all cases.
DVICB FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SfJC-
ctsslu;. J. G. JEFFRtSS, 632 Market, rm, Si.
COUNTRY RKAt, ESTATE.
FOR $6000— HOTEL,' IN THRIVING COUN-
try town; complexly furnished: doing an
average net business of $100 per month; terms of
payment, 1/3 down, balance In annual payments.
A FORCED SALE— I 6 ACRES ONLY 3 MILES
-TV from -a:i Jose; fine level land choice for fruit
or vegetables; cost pr-sent owner $1700, but is
forced tote I; price *950. ... ,• •■
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., 29 secend floor, Mills
building.
•ffl» -1 <■) "OH 17 ACKES VERY CHOICE
(J)l*..( full bearing orchard near San
Joi'.-.ii'i only 5 mlnntes' walK from depji; pri -
cipa.lv prune*-- fine 2-story house; bams and all
complete; might exchange.
ONE OF THE PRETTIEST LITTLE PLACES
in the >-ta-e: located on the bay: fine boating,
hunting jnd nonius:; white sand and pebolebfach;
just the place lor summer resort; common build-
lugs; a bargain. „___
flfc C' (\f\ OVRR 600 ACRES GOOD LAND,
ifrO'J\J\J. located near Redwood City, San
Mateo County. 250 acres clearet, bilance limber;
some large buildings; $»suO cash, balance to suft.
<2»Q7Jrn 20 -ACRES CHOICE ALL LEVEL
<jpiJtU\J. land, located n ar Napa city: house
5 rooms: 2 good barns: 15 acres orchard, full
bearing; horses, cows, chickens; compute lot im-
plements and wagons; balance land for hay or
grain; a great bargain.
SHAINWALD, BrCKBEE & CO.,
.218-220 Montgomery st., Mll:s building, 8. F.
ANOTHER BARG 'IN— s2soo: COST $5000;
A 40 acres in Napa county; 10 acres In Fiench
prunes in full b.ariug: 10 ac ps in orchard; 20
acres pasture; house, 7 rooms: barn, milk bouse;
spring water piied to house, and other improve-
ments; sold at a sacrifice 011 account of dtalh of
owner. C. F. MOORI-., 935 Market St., room 4.
CHOICE FItUIT LANDS. HAY, GRAIN AND
vegetables. $25: with flowing spring. »85 per
acre; I'iensanton, Alameda Co. 11. J DIGGI.ES.
69 Columbian building. Market St., San Francisco.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California landi for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-7 I, Chronicle building, ban Francisco,
GOOD LAND: $3 TO 840 AN ACRE. M. M.
GRIFFIN, < ottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
ffl.C AN ACKE; 1280 ACRUo TIMBER; GOOD
ifrtJ for stock or tut; plenty water. 8., box 40.
11l lIE Homes (I.OSK 10 TOWN: IM-
J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 year*' credit. D. H. TWINO. So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market st.. S. F.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — TUB
-"»• WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY. '
OAKLAND BKAL ESTATE.
WANTKD-PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
TT change for very larire lot and modern 5 room
cottage In Lorin: price $2250: no mortgage. Ap-
ply im media eyto A. J. &NYDKR & CO., 407
Ninth St., > ukland.
Qj>'7 TO $15i) FOR CHOICE BUILDING
(jP I O lots in ilia town of j<lichbur«; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay ward i
and ban Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Com] any: only 45 minutes Irom Kan Francisco
and 6 minutes from uakland: electric-cars every
tv minutes; term* to tun buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLiw owner, wiiiji \\ uaulugiua au.
Oakland < al.
ALAMEDA ADVERTiSEMENrS
JITiA]VtKT».\ WSAL KSTATV!.
T>ARGA INS— ALAMEDA.
House of 5 rooms.
SI6I o— House of 5 rooms.
$1800— House of 5 rooms.
4>ltiUU— House of 7 rooms.
$ 47--o— House of 10 rooms; lot 70x141.
|Bioo— House of 1- rooms: lot 60x157.
SSUCU— 1 ouse of 8 r om ; lot SOx :iO.
$-750— House of 6 rooms; lot -Iux ISO.
$750- Lot 40xli8: S7oU— lot 40x13«.
*6 o— Lot 35x138; $:-i5O —lot 50x-07:&
$1800— Versailles aye. ; lot 87x141.
$1600-SHn Jo-c ave.; lot 50x150.
$.660— Clinton aye.: lot 40x320.
All street work complete. •
E. D. JL'UD, 1424 lark st.
sJ*9Qp:rk BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE. COLONI-
t£jL.UO\J. al style, 6 rjoms; conveniently lo-
cated, near Bay-street stailon; easy terms.
$2500— Colonial cottage, 5 rooms, near narrow-
gau 1 c stat.on; easy terms.
$2750— beautiful co.tnge. colonial style, 6
rooms: near Grand-street station; "your terms are
ours."
MARCUSE & REMMEL. Bay st. station, broad
gauge, Alameda: 628 Market St., San Franc.
Open Sundays and Holidays.
' €1 1 l\(\(\ b&t.ssxioo: COTTAGE 4 ROOMS,
<Jp 1 \J\J\J. bath and stable.
$1750— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath; any
terms; nearstatioi.
$2800— Lot 40x150: beautiful new cottage of U
rooms and ba<h; (200 cash. $25 Per month.
9^6oo— Handsome new co tage, 7 rooms and
bi»th:.NE corner: Installment plan.
?v!650— 2-»tory house: 6 roi^ms and bath.
<>3-i:o— 2-stor>" house, 9 ioo:usand bath; corner.
$4000— "..'-story l.ous--, 7 rooms aud bath; large
lo:: near station: an* terms.
I $5500— Elegant new 2-story house, 10 rooms and
bath; 10.1U.xJ50; fine neighborhood; near sta-
tion.
Building lots at a bargain: bouses to let.
H. P. MORE A L & CO., 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
MODERN 9-ROOM HOTJSK AND BATH: 1
minute from Chestnut-st. station; less than 2
years old: pretty gaid croquet grounds, preen-
nouse and chicken-yard; for sale; part cash: or
lease for term of years. Add. ess a. R., box 88,
Call 'llice. .
C«O/t A FUONT FOOT; 100x150; STKKEl 1
«?— .U' work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street s:atlon. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station, Alameda, or U Ail AN LYUN, 215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
. ARGAINS-S3OP B FOOT; LO IS ON NORTH
i . side San Antonio aye., near Grand st.
$] 60x150; --an Joss aye., nr. Willow st.
(1750— 50xl&0. new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath; uor:u Bide ot street; must be Bold at
once.
iiaay other sacrifices. ■ ' /: ' -■ ; . ; .'••■
~ , ■ ',- .'"..: AL"MKDA tASDCO,
1800 Park ■'.. Alnrrifxia. .
' AIAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
<j>C)-: HKST.CLABB MODERN HOUSK: IN
tu>OtJ. best repair; 8 rooms: bath: conserva-
tory; lawn; chlckeu yard; splendidly locale I.
2067 San Jose aye., Alameda, or inquire H. A.
ItMITH, 27 Market st.
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE:
. only two blocks from station; 120x27j: s reet
work done; a iiona fide bargain. JOS. J. MASON,
Be ike ey Station.
;*(■.■•■ DENTISTS.
FULL SET. OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see ournew combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted l(i yiars: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 jO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
C BOOMS DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists: painless
extract ng, with $1; plates, $5 up: fill, $1 up.
©7 FULL BET TEETH; ' BKVT MAKE;
<p i . kept li repair: extracting free; flllincs,soc;
crowns, $3 50. Par-ih'o Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. .1. LjBHE. 1126 MARKET Si',; OPES
evenings: Sundays till noon.
■UOSITI V KLY PA IX I.KSS TRACTION, DR.
X HARDING, COOSutter cor. Powell: tel.mains37s
i >ciLiU.-. lir.^lAL ASJOCI., i iO.>. «Ot»-AA^t-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLK.S"W V DECKER.
mrj A HKT FOlt TKIiTH— WARRANTED AS
«D i good as can be made: filling $1. DR MM Ms,
dentist, 930 Market st . next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS hXTRACI'ION,' SOc: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: ISyearr
experience. R. L, WALSH, D.U.S., 615% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM IULU 1413 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; no cbaixe .for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
tetth irotn $8 per set; extracting cue; gas given.
PC*'*.!' or '!i.r.  vviT.iuiii afl.^l4. uxi.
0 H. O. ■Vourii:. 1841 Polk 1- .
DB. UM)sJit W. Li-EK. .THK LINS
XJ Leek den.iv, discoverer ot painless extractloa
and patentee of Improved bridge work or tee: a
without any plate, moved from »i to low 1 FarreiU;.
LL WORK i.KASONABLK AND WArt-
ALL WUKK i.F.ASON AtiLK AND WArt-
ranted. DR. J. W. ivjc Y. 1320 Market at.
PHYSICIANS.
PRIVATE MEDICAL AND SURGICAL OF-
h'ce for the cure of weak* men, lost niaiinuod,
nii; In loises, varicoceie. eic.: also fort main coi'.i-
plaiuis, blood and skin diseases and disensesof
the liver, stomach, kidneys. Perfect cures guaran-
teed. Call upon or write to DR. COOK, 86S MarKet.
DR. C. C. O'i'ONNELL. 120t» MARKET, RES.
XJ 28til 25tb st. ; diseaseti of women aspecialty.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL,' ' 208-212 BVSH ST.,
Xi board and room $1 to %'i per d\j, (6 to $13
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to 91: suite
looms for family $1 10 »1 50 per night: first-class
service: tree coach. CUaKLKS MuNTGUM XXY j
BICYCLES.
FOWLKR RACER, #65: UNION CRACKER-
Jack. $15; Ben Hur (ladies'), $35. and others,
all equal to new. Golden Rule Bazaar Cycle De-
partment, 25 Geary at- .
11A1CK1AG!: LICENSES.
The following marr,as;.' licenses have beea
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
Frank Pier c anil Elizabeth J. Thomas, 25 -40.
A. H. Llchte'nstein aim .Mercedes Levy. 27—20.
.\dolph F. litnz and Marie btodernn, 5J— 3B.
. William H. >cheppler a.id i^eas.e Young, 27—19.
F. K. l>e Irlclc and Lena H:tnm<-rs,"r. 2b— <M.
•J. McKeuzie and ls.btl.aA. Adcock, 21—17.
Pe:er iteeu and Marie Casse, 36—26
K. H. l.ixehning and Carrie li. Marwedel.32— 30.
. F. J. DouTrick and Blnii' he M. Flaherty. "s— S.
iiilil tilS — — UtATiK.
fßirth, marrlasp'and death notices sent by mall
wll. not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of he publication offices and. be ndors-"d
with the name and residence of person* authorised
to have the same published. J
BORN.
GREENFIELD-In <hls ci;y. March 7,1897, to the
wile of W. c. Ureenflld. a'daughter.
STAFFORD— In Redvvoad Cl y, arch 10,1897,
0 ti" wife of Da 1 M K. Stnfford, <• son.
SIARUIKO.
FIALA— ALTHOF-In Alameda. March 10,1897.
by -Rev. G R. Dodsoa. Robert H. Flala of
Alameda, Cal., and Flora C. Aithof of San Fran-
cisco.. ,:.i^» -.;
NIL-^ON— GEI?LF.R— In this city, March 1,
1897. by th" Rev. W. S. Matthew. Captain
Charles N. N^lsoc and Bertha a. i;eis!er. bom of
san Francisco.
DIED.
Benlng, William C. Fitzgerald. Harold F.
Benuett. Mrs. Rebecca Gilloxiy, Nellie "•
Bowman, Ado ph W. Hag.hrop. Mrs. E.C.
Broder.ct. li. leu Me er, Henry
Brown, George C. Mullen. M^ry J.
I'al.uhan. Acnes K. Parr. Rose
Chapp-l c. Mary L. Kcliu dt, John
Corn 'llus. John F. ■ Scinllero. Eugene
Cur in. Ellen > Stafford (Imam)
Devlin. James 8 etson William W.
Donahue, Joua ... -~ Sutro. Guiiav
; -^ Vahle,JohnH. ■■-
BENING-In this city, March 10, 1897. William
Charles, beloved son of Anna M. and the lat«
George F. Benlng, and brother of Mrs. William
- Jiarm, Mrs. Henry Braver. Mrs. George Decker
and Auguit, George, Fred, Emma and Amy
Bening, a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years
9 months an! 10 day*.
flol^Friends and acquaintances are r^sp^ct-
fni.y Invite I to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock Ait., trom the residencj
O: his mother. 11 j 4 Wocsut street, uetweun
Tori an i Eddy. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
BENNETT— In this city. March 11, 1897, Mrs.
ttebeccH, relict of the late Samuel Benuett. sis-
ter t-f Jacob Benjamin, Riid aunt of Mrs. Joseph
Marks and Mrs. Aiired M 'yer.
BOWMAN— In the City »nd Conntr Hospital.
March 10, 1897, Adolph W. Bowman, aged 31
years.
BRODERICK— In this city, March 11. 1897,
Ellen, belov^l wife of the late John I'roderlck,
aud mother of Katie, Ullie and Eva Broderlclc
aid Mrs. J. I". Moran, a native or Ireland, aged
. 67 years. ,
#fa~Frlnn<ls and acquaintances are respect-
' full, invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m. ( from her lata
resilience, 31 ► herldau street, between Ninth
ana Tenth Fols 'in and Harrison, interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BROWN— In Los Ansreles, Cal.. March 9, 1897.
George C. Brown, a native of Quincey. 111., aged
38 rears and 3 months. "* '
43" Friends ar» reDectfnlly Invite! to atteni
the funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 10:80
from 10 Washington street. Interment pri-
vate.
CALLAHAN— In this city, March 10. 1897. at
her late residence, .5 Scott street. Agnes Ethel.
beloved anl only daughter of James H. and
Anne T. Callahan. and gan Idaughter of Mrs.
A. Caverly and Mrs. M. Callahan of ban Bernar-
dino, a native of ban Francisco, aged 18 years
an.i 6 months.
jBJBTI-'r.M:i is and acquaintances are rnsnect-
full • Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friaay), at 111 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, tuence to -acrei Hear, cuurun. Fell and
Fil mor* stree s. where * solemn requiem bleu
ma-s will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 1U:3O o'clock a.m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■ ':.-:
CHAPPKLLE-In this cltr. March 10, 1897.
Mary Llewita Chappelle, in her 26th year.
CORNELIUS— In this city. March 10. 1897, John
- F., beloved nu.shand of Margaret Cornelius, aud
father of Mrs. May Gift and Mm. D.Lansing,
a native of Po-.sm juth, N. H., aged 66 years.
S£f Friends and acquaintances are resosct-
fuliy invited to attend me inneral To- MOR HO -V
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from the par-
lors or the California Undertaking Company,
123 Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
private.
CURTIN— In Ran Leandro. March 10, 1897, Ellen
Curtin, a native of Ireland. a^ed 81) yean.
DKVLIN— In this cltr, March 10, 1897, James,
beloved husband of the law Catherine Devlin,
a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 73
year-.
acyFriends and acquaintances are invited to
atieud the funeral Tu-MuuKuW (Saturday), at
9 o'clock a.m., irotn his late residence, y:)tj
Hayes street, theuus to at. Dominic's Church,
.Bush and fetelner streets, where a solemn
requiem nigh mass will bo celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'ciocic
a. M. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11: SO
o'clock a. m. train from Third and Townsend
1 streets.
DONAHUE— In Santa Rosa, Cal., March 11,
1b97. John Donahue. be:oved husband of Han-
nah Donahue, ani father of James, Minnie. Hoi-
coe, Rena, G'rtrude, Reglna and Mervin Dona-
liii" a native of Massachusetts, aged' s 7 years-
S(g~ Friends anil acquaintances are respec-
fuilv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the late
residence of decease 1. Sevastopol avenue, Santt
Rosa, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
qul-m high mass will be offered at 10 o'ciocic
A. It.
FITZGERAND— In this city, Harold Francis, be-
loved sou of Lawrence and Estella Fitzgerald,
and nephew of Mamie Prlnc, a native or San
Francisco, aged 5 years and 8 months.
GILLOGLY — In San Pedro, March 9. 1897, Nellie,
beloved wife of Peter Gillogiy, mother of Mabel
G., Albert M, E hel M. and Raymond P. Gll-
loglv, sister of Mrs. P. W. lommins, John
Mane/ an i Mrs. D. Lorin, and aunt of Mrs.
James Sullivan, a native o'. Lewis County, New
1 or*. a;ed 28 years 9 months and 13 days.
[Lewis County (New York) papers please copy.]
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnl y invited to a tend the luneral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from the residence
of her brother-in-law and sisttr, Mr. and Mrs.
P. W. Comm.ni, 119 Portland avenue, thence to
• St. Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a solemn requiem
ruais wilt be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'ciocic a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
, HAGTHROP— In Alameda. March 10, 1897,
Mrs. Elizabeth C, wife of the late Edward Hag-
ihrop, and mother of Mrs. W. J. (»nnn and Cap-
tain V. Crafts, a native of Baltimore, aged 82
- yetrs 8 months and 26 days. .
MEYER— In this city. March 11. 1897, Henry
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 69 years.
MCLLKN— In this city. March 11. 1897. at the
residence of her parents, 732 Howard *tre»t,
Mary Jane, beloved daughter of Thomas and
Mary Mullen, and beloved sister of Mrs. John
Coffey and Clara, Harry aud John Mullen, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
jo~Noticeor funeral beraafttr. 'is.i\£\
PA KB- In th's city. March 11, 1897. Rose, be-
loved wife of John T. Parr, mother of Ethel,
Almora and Ir ne Parr, daughter of Marearet
and the late Captain G. B. CaralTa. and sister of
Paul. Batista and Matilda Caraffa, a native of
ban Francisco, aged -'•> years and 5 months,
Notice of funeral here<ir:er
BCHULr-T— ln this citr. March 9. 1897, John, be-
loved husband of Christina Schuldt, and only
beloved son of Mrs. Claus Dittmerof Cordelia,
So!ano County, Cat., a native of the province of
• Hanover. (ierma.iy, atea 3S years 10 months
and 23 days. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 8,
O. d. H. 3.
49-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
full y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from th? par-
lors of Gantner * Ountz. 8 and 10 City H.iil
square, thence to R»d Men's Hall. 510 Bush
street, near Grant avunue, where funeral serv-
ices will be held un ier the auspices of Eureka
Luil^e No. 0. O. d. H. S. interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BCIALLERO— In this cttv. March 10, 1897, En-
ge; c, beloved infant of Lena and the late Engene
X *clalle.ro, brother of Lillian Sciallero. and
grandson o Mrs. Elizabeth Kipper and Mrae.
fccinilero, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months. «-•
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fun •■ invited to a tend the funeral TUXti DA >'
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his mother. 81M Natoma street; between
. seventu and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. **.
Cemetery.
STAFFORD— In Redwood City. March 10. 1897,
infant son of Daniel K. and Isabella -tuff >rd.
STETSON— In this city, March 11, l-< 97. William
Win s.ets'm. a native of Walthum. Mass., a;ed
, 64 year« 1 month and 1 7 dan
a^-Frlends «n> rrsiwctfnllv lnvit»l •-> V.>»-i I
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Saturday). at
I:3Uociock p. M.. from " he Maaoin.: lenipK
corner o. 1 Oft and Montgomery streets under
the auspices of California Lodxe No 1, F. and
A. M. Interment private. Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ?p.-i£. .; .' . . v;,:,-
SDTRO-In this city. March 11. 1897. Gustav.
beloved husband of Therese Sutro. anl father Of
Charles Heieu, Olga and . mil Suiro. a native of
Germany, .«<b.i 6V years i months and I* days.
Ai'Nouce of tuoeral uereaf;er ' , -
VAULK— In the I icy and County Hospital,
" March 11. 1897. J hn H. VaMe. aged 59 years.
1 (VtcAVOY A CAUACHER, [*
FDNKRAL DIRKCTORS & EMBALMKES,
SO riXth St., Opp. Lincoln School. v
Telephone 30S0. j
F. 1. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNEB.
QANTNSR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and bmbalmers.
Sand 10 CITY HALL BQVAMU. . «9
Telephone Sooth 432.
i — ; : ; ' ~~ ~~
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATKO COUNTY: NEAREST (KM*
tery to the city; non-sectarian: m no sense ex>
elu»ive: location unexcelled, oak;* Mi Mmrnt
«U«et> wmiiiciiat cwruw v ou.Ub
1516
FORTUNES
FOR OTHER
An Old Man's Invention
Will Make a Corpora
tion Rich.
ROYALTY TO BE LAID
ON ELEVATORS.
Philip Einkle Sells for a Song
a Machine Valuable
as a Mine.
HZ WAS ALMOST PENNILESS
AND WANTED MONEY.
Owners of Passeug r-L:fters Infring
ing on the Device Will Bs
Forced to Pay
Fifteen years ago Philip Hinkle, the
pioneer elevator-builder of San Francisco,
invented and patented the use of an over
balance in connection wi;h an elevator
caee, which is destined to build up for
tunes for five prominent business me.i of
this State. Every electric c evator manu
facturing com pan y in America, according
to the present owners of the patent, has
infringed upon Mr. Hinkle's patent, and
inconsequence a surprise is in store for
them.-
The inventor of the mechanism, Philip
Hinkle, came to this State at any early
date. Being a machinist by nature as
well as by trade, he opened a factory for
the construction of mining machinery.
For a lime he prospered, but as competi
tion became greater snd greater as the
State developed he found that with his
limited capital he was unable to cope with
wealthier manufacturers, and he finally
became a bankrupt.
While searcning for employment one
day he chanced to pas* a building on Ban
some street in which was bein»- con
structed the first ejevator used in this
City. He became interested in its opera
tion, and on investigation, finding that no
elevators were manufactured on this coast,
decided to make hi-, livelihood building
them. In this work he became associated
with A. J. McNicoll, and in a few years
they were the owners of a iactory and the
employers of a smali army of men. For
tune favored Hinkle, and in 1881 he was
accredited with being lhe possessor of
over $250,000.
In. 1882 he invented the over-weight
counterbalance mechanism, and, although
at that time there was but little use for bis
contrivance, most eievators being run by
' hydraulic pressure, he knew that when
other powers supplanted water his fortune
was made. The machine, it is claimed,
will save half the expense of running any
passenuer- carrier raised and lowered wuh
cables. This Mr. Hinkle was aware of,
and he patiently waited for the day 10
come when bis contrivance would be in
demand.
About that time, however, he took the
fatal sep of his life. He was then 72
years of agp, gray-haired, and his face was
furrowed with the lines of care. He be
came enamored of a young girl employed
in the house where he was residing, and
within a few months after the first meet
ing he, spoke of niarriaee to the young
woman. She Knew that he was wealthy,
accepted him, over fifty years her senior,
and they were married.
The wedding was solemnized in gor
reous styie. Sparkling wines and glitter
ing tokens were lavished <n the euests by
the hands of the aged and wealthy groom,
but at the end the old man found that he
had been deceived. The bride was sur
rounded by a host of designing women,
and Hinkle was soon drawn into the
meshes they laid for him. He was de
prived ot most of his patents, drawn into
the courts as the defendant in a divorce
suit inst gated by his wife and victimized
by many.
"In order to save a portion of his prop
erty he signed it away to men he supposed
were his friends, but again was lie de
ceived. Lawsuit followed lawsuit, and in
the end he was on the street — old, miser
able, deserted and penniless.
He had nothing left him bnt his ele
vator patent, but in his sorrow he forgot
this and elevator manufacturing compa
nie-, appreciating us value, useit it, and
now.it is said that it is in use on over half
the elevators in existence.
A few months a.-o H. L. Webber and
C. M. Weymann, who are employed in a
Jocal elevator manufacturing company,
ronclnde 1 to investigate the history of the
overba ance mechanism. They were
aware of the fact that all of the largest
manufacturing companies in America
u-ed ihe "strange device" and marveled
that no one appeared to claim a royalty or
ji.e an injunction. Attorney John L.
Boone, prominent as a patent lawyer, was
consulted and he informed the investiga
tors that Philip Hinkle of this City was
the owner of the pa.ent.
Hinkle was found, and, although aware
of the value of his machine, he parted
with his patent for a few hundred dollars.
He needed the money and Knew full well
that in his present financial condition it
would be useless for him to right for his
rights in the courts of law.
Last evening papers incorporating the
overweight counter balance elevator com
pany were placed on file. The company
was incorporated with $1,000,000 capital
Block and John L. Boone, H. L. Webber,
C. M. Weymann, Charles J. Armbruster
and C. Bennett as stockholder. Is ob
ject, the papers statf, is to manufacture
elevators for passenger and other pur-
poses.
"We will not manufacture elevators at
present," said Attorney J. L Boone yes
terday afternoon, "but we intend to lay a
royalty on every elevator that infringes on
our rights under this patent. We will lay
a royalty of half of the amount our con
trivance saves thf owners of the elevators.
This will not only include the future, but
we vi ill collect royalty for two year* back —
as far back as the statutes of limitation
will allow vs — and in case of a reiusai to
pay the royalty on the part of any ele
vator-owner we will bring suit ana enjoin
him from using our contrivance.
"There are 700 elevators in San Francisco
alone and tatting the elevators of the
United States into consuderati n. almost
half of which infringe on our patent, tbe
royalty we are entitled to will amount to
a ve,ry laree sum of money, just how large
it is impuss ble at the present to state."
The inventor of the contrivance, now
ever fourscore yearn of age, was glad to
hear that his invention would prove
profitable to its purchasi rs. His mfsfor
lunes of life have not made him envious
of the good luck and prosperity of others.
Music at Holy Croni.
The , music » at Holy Cross Church, \on - Eddy
{street, will be of an exceptionally fine ■ order
on Sunday next. Gauss', celebrated ma«s will
be sun c by a ■ double • quartet. > •■• Trio ; offertory
"' will • be the "Infliinimaius" from Rossini's
'•Stabat- Mater,".- sung rby Miss .'Amanda
Corcoran; with chorus, under. the direction of
the organist, H. W. Browu.
-■ - "*""'»'» m '
They are peers iv , their I profession— binding
or printing. : The Mysell-Bollins Co., 22 Clay.*
PHILIP HINKLE, Inventor of the Overweight Counter
Ealance, on Which a Large Royalty Will Be Col
lected by a Corporation Organized in This City.
THE DEATH OF
WILLIAM HENNESSY
Full Investigation Made by
Sargeant Dono
van.
His Conclusion Is That It Was
Not a Case of Suicide,
but Murder.
Tne Two Men and Two Women Ar
resttd on Suspicion Stilt Detained
in the Tanks.
The police have been making an investi
gation into the death of Wnliam Hen
nessy in the St. David House, 715 Howard
street, early Wednesday morning, and
have come to the conclusion thai he was
murdered.
John RiJey, Thomas Shannon, Kittie
Shannon and Mamie McCaan, who were
arrested Wednesday night, have not yet
been charged, but are being detained in
the "taiiKs" pending the result of tbe
Coroner's inquest.
Sergeant James Donovan handed the
following report to Captain Lees last
night detailing the result ot his investiga
tion:
Hennessy was found in a small room of the
St. David House at 3:30 a. m. on the first floor
in the rear. He was bleeding and his body
was crouched up, with his overcoat on his !eit
arm and a pistol lyiug about eight inches back
ol his bead.
He had come from room 9 of said building,
and in this room were Tom and Kittle Shuii
non, Mamie Donnelly, Mamie McCaun, Jonn
Riiey aud the deceased. They had been drink
ing beer irom 8:30 in the evening until the
time of the shooting. Hennessy hud bought
four bottles of beer and at about 3:30 he went
out to the night clerk. Steve Ward, and
ordered two more bottles and stepped into
room 9 and told the people there that the
beer would be up in a few minute*.
Then he went back to the small room and
two minutes afterward the night clerk heard a
shot aud thougnt it was a door stumming. A
minute afterward the night clerk saw John
Riley come from the small room, Riley hoiler
isifj to the night cltrk that he Inn better go
b irk there; that there was going to be trouble.
The nu-ht clerk then went into the small
momnnd found a pistol, whicn I now have.
He took tbe pistol from the small room be
cause, he said, he thought there was some
thing wrong Hiid he did not want anyDody to
(jet n. He then went downstairs and blew a
whistle for an officer, and at the same time
handed Officer Koegel, who was downstairs,
the pistol.
A party by the name of Jack, the mate,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1897.
loaned a pistol to Rllev, but he cannot iden
tify the one 1 have. Ruey clams that when
lie went to the small room hennessy put a
pistol to his (Kiley's) sioinach and said: "No,
I won't; I will give it to myself," and then
snot himself. Riley and Hennessy had had a
row Tuesday over a woman, Mamie McCann,
in her room. Riley lives with the woman.
When I questioned Shannon he *aid that
Heunessy woke him up at 9 o'clock Tuesday
morning and asked lor his pistol, hiv' be wave
it to him. Mamie McCann »>a!d that Hennessy
was going to hither when Riley iiierfered,
and there were some words, which were con
tinued in the s.imc room. A brand-new pistol
was found between tne maitresses in Shan
non's room last night.
The reason why I believe it was a murder is
that when I tlr=.t inquired about it the night
elerfc did not seem to know anything about it;
that he worried about it and sent for me last,
night. When I questioned them they all told
me different stories. Riley said that he
wanted to give himself up; that he heard that
the night clerk had said he had killed Hen
nessy. When I questioned him about the
trouble be hod he refused to state until lie had
se>-n his lawyer. Hennessy was a shoemaker,
aii'i his tools were found in Shannon's room.
Three months ago Riley had a row with
some woman and fired gome shots and jumped
out of a second-story window to Minna street
when the officers came. Shannon is sup
ported by a \< oman.
April 10, 1887, Hennessy was sentenced to
one year lor burglary in the second degree,
and on Ju.'.c 18. 1832, to five years in San
Quentin for burglary, being discharged Janu
ary 18, 1896.
McKENZIE MUSICALE.
An Enthusiastic Audieucs Lis
tened to an Excellent
Programme.
Tbe Hous" Was Crowded and Ap
plause Greeted the Performance
of a Popular Scciety.
Native Sons' Hall was crowded to the
doors last nisht. The occasion was the?
fiitii invitation musicale and hop riven
by the McKenzie Musical Society. These
concerts are becoming very popular, as
the crowded house testified.
"La Paloma" (in Spanish), rendered by
a female quartet and the society, was re
peated by request and made its customary
hit. "On Dress Parade," an adaptation of
Wagner's '"Double Eagle March," was on
the whole the greatest success of the
evenlnr.
I. I. Grodjene sang '"The Heart Bowed
Down" and "My Own Dsarest Boy," by
McKenzie, with bis usual success. Miss
Poweil's songs were encored, as were Miss
Brad's.
The number, "O, Noble Carlos," from
Verdi's "Ernani," "The Holy City," sum;
by Mrs. James Igo, and "T >c Lost Chord"
completed a most delightiul programme.
The committees were as follows:
Reception committee— Charles F. Le Long,
W. H. Westerfe.a. F. H. Smith, R. U. McCul
lougli, George Riley, Richard Baccus, £. H.
Piatffle; floor director, F. W. Hoaly; floor
committee— Alfred Gehret, Edward Flvsel, v A.
St'hmulian. L. Schroder, M. Leipsic, F. Triebel,
H. C. I'iaeflle.
EASTERN RACING
FOR A CHANGE
A. B. Spreckels Will Not
Reconsider His Resig
nation.
New Ingleside Track 0 ficers
Will Be E'ected at a
Meeting To-Day.
Henry J Crocker S alel for the Olfice
ot President— General Regret at
the Turn of Affiirs.
The all-absorbing topic of conversation
among all classes of horsemen at the
Emeryville track yesterday was the resig
nation of A. B. Spreckels from the office
of president of the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club ana the consequent attendant
changes in the directorate. On ail sides
nothing but regret was expressed at the
sudden turn in affairs and many were in
clined to prophesy a gloomy future for
racing in this State. The dabblers in poli
tics were free in their intimations that it
was perhaps fortunate the change had
not occurred during the early days of the
Legislature.
Hope was expressed that influence
would be brought to bear and that Mr.
Spreckels would reconsider his purpose to
retire from the turf. These optimists are
hoping against hope, so it is stated on
good authority, for at the meeting of the
board of directors of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club to be held at the Palace
Hotel'this forenoon ,at 10 o'clock the presi
dent will aeain tender hLi resiirnat'on, and
it will be final. The millionaire horseman
has concluded to sever his connection
with the turf for good. This will, of
course, mean the retirement of Secretary
W. S. Leake, who quits turfdom to enter
the employ of John D. Spreckels & Bros.
Company.
There is much speculation as to the
new of&cers and directors of the Ingleside
Association. J. E. Tade, assistant secre
tary under Mr. Leake, was yesterday ten
dered the office of secretary, but alter due
consideration declined the honor. When
Mr. Leake is settled in his new position
room will most likely be found for Mr.
Tade, as he has been associated with that
gentleman in business affars for the past
ten years.
Henry J. Crocker, now vice-president,
is f-laled tor the office of president, and
will probably accept. Harry Kuhl.it is
said, will replace J. W. Wilson in the
judges' stand. The new directors are
mere matters of conjecture.
The whole upheaval in turf affairs, it is
said, can be attr bnted to the peculiar po
sition taken by Vice-president Crocker at
the meeting held on Wednesday. When
it came to a question as to whether East
ern or California management should pre
vail, Mr. Crocker, who had the deciding
vote, stood in with the Eastern clique, de
ciding tgainst Mr. Spreckels and the best
interests oi the local turf. Vice-president
Crocker was interested financially to a
very small amount in Ingleside stock,
making his stand all the more inexplic
able.
From the outset A. B. Spreckels has
been the mainstay and sinew of the (rack,
having invested at times as high as
?20U,C00, and now, at the very height of
me beautiful course's succesj, a faction
whose presence has sounded the death
knell to racing in more parts of the coun
try than one, attempts a game of "freeze
out." Why Mr. Crockir chose to shy his
castor with this side of the house time
only can demonstrate. Love for pomp
and" splendor has turned the brain of
many a mortal b?ing. The past has not
shown Mr. Crockt-r a racing magnate of
great executive ability, still he may prove
ttie man of th« hour.
The morteag" for $73,000 held by A. B.
Spreckels on the Inglesiiie track was yes
terday taken up by Henry J. Crocker and
recorded in his name.
FOR WOMEN'S FREEDOM.
The National Recording Sec
retary of the W. C. T. U.
on Suffrage.
Mrs. Clara C. Hoffman Says it Is
Only Justice to AUcw Women
a Voice in the Gcv.rnment.
Mrs. Clara Hoffman, the National Re
has been delivering temperance lectures
throughout the Pacific Const, is a firm be
cording Secretary of the W. C. T. U., who
liever in women's suffrage. In an inter
view yesterday Mrs. Hoffman said:
It has always been a mistake to urge the en
franchisement of woman on the grounds of
what she might, would or could do along the
lines of moral reform, although this position
is easy to prove in every country whore she
has had a voice in the making and enforcing
of law.
The only argument that is needed for wo
man's enirmichisement is justice. For sev
eral hundred years the current has set
toward ireedom, for the people more
and more begiu to see, though dimly it
may be, that "all political powir iDheres in
the people." If woman belongs to the people
she must have her full shflre of political
power. Governmeiiis derive their iugt powers
from the consent of the governed. With what
consistency can any man or woman accept the
above principle ami yet deny to the woman the
ballot.
This inconsistency is foand often in pulpit
and pew, in mtm and court. On Indepen
dence day we flaunt o»r banners and declare
tnat "taxation without representation is
tyranny," then proceed to tux every dollar
owned by women in all the land, at the same
time inviting every man who never owned a
dollar to help make and break our laws. This
is consistency indeed.
If all women were enfranchised to-day the
millennium would not be assured for to-mor
row, nor would it be reasonable to expect it.
From the beginning until now men and women
have been associated in the closest relations,
and, as Teunyson well says, in the influence
of one upon the other:
Yet in the long years liker mu«t they grow,
The man be more of woman, she otman;
he gain In sweetness and in moral height,
.Nor lose tbe wrestling thews tbat, throw the
world:
She in mental breadth, nor fail in chi'il ward care.
When a question of right and wrong is to be
decided what right has any one to parley with
it, forever placing U on the ground of expe
diency, forever debating what the lesult
may be ?
It is the duty of every man and woman to
choose that wiiich is just and decide for it,
though the heavens fah. Great solicitude it*
expressed about the giving of the ballot to bad
women; yet good women outnumber bad
women by the thousands, and bad men out
number bad women by tens of thousands.
We have upward of 60,000 convicts in the
penitentiaries of the United States; only a lit
tle more than 4000 are women. In all cities
the arrests of men outnumber women into
hundreds and thousands. This objection is
puerile.
Women should have a voice in government
becau.se she is governed, because she must
obey the government, and because equally
with man she hel| s to maintain the govern
ment The government is only the larger
home of the people.
The ideal home is one in which the power of
father and mother Is equal. So must it be
with government.
State Legislatures and city governments
| show the domination of the evil and base, and
there is no help and no remedy save In the
conservative power, t be moral in 11 üb nee and
political vote of women.
DEATH OP ¥. W. STETSON.
He Had Been 111 for Months and His
Decease Was Not Unexpected.
W. W. Stetson died yesterday morning
at his residence, 915 Pierce street. He had
been ill for some time and aeatn was not
unexpected.
Mr. Stetson was a native of Massa
chusetts and was 64 years of age. He
came to this State in the early fifties, but
remained but a short time. He went to
Peru, but returned to California, and fora
time held the position of Clerk of Los
Angeles County. He came to Pan Fran
cisco and entered into m.nini: affairs and
was for a time president of the Overman
Mining Company. He was at the time of
his death secretary of the Virginia and
Gold Hill Water Company.
MANY TUNEFUL VOICES.
The Chorus for St. Patrick's Celebra
tion to Number 500.
The large chorus wnich will sing at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on the evening of St.
Patrick's day, under the direction of John
W. McKenzie, will hold its first rehearsal
to-nieht (Friday) ot St. Joseph's Hall,
corner of Tentn and Howard streets.
There will also be another rehearsal on
Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock at Kohler-
Chase Music-hall, 26 O'Farrell street.
Volunteer singers are rapidly coming
forward, and all ladies and gentlemen de
sirous of joining are requested to attend
rehearsals or communicate with Mr. Mc-
Kenzic, 524 Eddy street.
A Slean Sneak Thief.
A ineak thief broke into the living-rooms
connected with the headquarters of the Vol
unteers of America, 232 Sutter street, Sunday
night, while the religious meeting was in
progress. Mrs. Brundage lest a gold watch,
two Kold rings and other articles of jewelry,
which were stoien; Miss Allen lost some jew
elry and Miss Joice some money. The police
were notified of the thefts, but no arrests
have been made.
Dr. Voorsan gar's Lecture.
Divine services this evening at the Temple
Emanu-El commence at 7:45 o'clock. Dr.
Voorsanger will give another lecture in the
series on "Ethics of Modern Poe.s." Special
topic, Browning's "Pisgah Sights." Every
body is welcome.
Free Lecture on Cookin;.
This afternoon at 2:30 Miss Suzy Tracy,
cooking-school teacher from the East, will
give a free public demonstration in cooking,
at Hotel Stewart, corner of ElHs and Leaven
worth streets. All are cordially invited.
TWENTY-TWO FAIR
FRIENDS OF CUBA
Names of Those in the
Auxiliary to the
League.
_______
A Seattle Electrician Who Wants
to Pay His Own Pas
sage.
There are now twenty-two kind-hearted
wonien enrolled in the Ladies' Auxiliary
of the Cuban .League of this City, and they
are straining every nerve to make the
meeting of tiie league next Monday even
ing a success.
On that , occasion the Cuban flair, on
which they have been work will be
presented to the league. The; handsome
emblem was finished yesterday and many
friends of the auxiliary called to see t..e
marvel that the willing hands of the la
dies had fashioned. The following com
pose the auxiliary:
: i Mrs. ; . A. Bnrtucel* Sirs. SI. Popper,
Mrs. M. Cricumo, Mrs. I, Frnment, Mrs.
J. H. Jones, Mrs. G. «■•» z, ; Mrs. G.
Fowler, Mrs. F. I-;. Mascheriui, Mrs.. I*.
Smith, Miss M. 1 apa. Miss B. Luz, Mrs.
J. Liaiubuck, - Miss- F. Luna, - Miss L..
Brown, Miss SI. Brand, Mi*» <■'. lagging,
Miss M. La' are, Miss M. Modest, Miss
G. Grath, Miss K. Podesta, Miss 11.
Cashing, Mis* L. Guiuaas.
" Mrs. Bertucci is president, and Mrs.
Popper secretary. :
Among the most recent offers of aid for
Cuba that have been : received at Cuban
League headquarters is that of a Seattle
electrician ana telegraph operator .;; who
wants to co to Cuba, and is willing to pay
his own passage iroiu San Fianci. co to a
point whence he can be taken to the
island. '
. He addressed bis letter to the Mayor,
under '.tie impression that Mr. Fhelan was
the chairman of the Cuban' sympathizers
of this City. v He writes as follows:
Seattle, Wash.. March 2, 1897.
Mayor Phelan, Chairman t übmi Aid Movement,
San Francisco, Vol.— Drab s>ir: 1 note your
movements in behali oi the Cubans and I take
the liberty of addressing you. My sympathy
is heartily with this movement of yours and I
would like to assist in a substantial way. If
nn of your committee could secure a reason
able railroad rate from San Francisco to some
Eastern port — say Galveston — I would be will
ing to sti.n at once. As evidence of good faith
I am willing to deposit in your care the price
of one first-class ticket, San Francisco to Gal
veston. Am 23 years old, a first-class c ec.ri
cian and telegraph operator. Am also well
aware that it is not your duty fb encourage a
man to quit a good position and take such a
step.
The reason I suggest Galveston is that there
seems to be quite a number of cattlemen from
that State sinning irom there. Kindly let me
hear from you; or should yon not find the
time to give tnls attention, would you kindly
hand to your honorable secretary or some so
cletv interested in this matter? Enclose
stamped envelope for raoly. Yours very truly,
G. W. Johnson (enre Tremont Hotel).
Another sympathizer with the cause
proposes a novel way of aiding the pa
triots. His name is Adolph Rant and he
is a:> educated German. He proposes to
the league to no to Cuba with two com
panions-, whom he does not name, for hos
pital or iniluaiy duty, as may be deemed
most advisable.
He says tiiat be and his friends will give
lectures on Cuba in English, German and
other languages while on the journey,
and that the proceeds shall be devoted to
tbe cause. He invites tbe ieacue to send
a representative with them to collect the
receipts and see that they are properly
handled.
Sugar and Electricity.
A short time ago, while attending a
social gathering at Newburerh, I had occa
sion to ietire to a dark room, and was sur
prised to find that a very peculiar phe
nomenon occurs whenever a piece of com
mon candy is broken.
I had a wintergreen wafer in my hand
and broke it preparatory to eating it.
When the wafer snapped I noticed a bril
liant flasn marking the path of tbe break.
1 broke several more and found the same
effect occurred with each one. Since then
I have insulated tbe candy from my body
and tried again, with tbe tame result?,
thus proving that the flash is due to some
thing in the candy itself. It is not phos
phorescence, because it is an instantane
ous flash and not aglow. It is probably
due to a discharge of static electricity
from the snirar.
Should any one desire to try this experi
ment it would be well to remember that
the effect can be more readily perceived
in dry, clear weather than in damp or
stormy weather, as is the case with all ex
periments in static electricity.— New York
Sun.
Jkwklby store, 6-7 Third, removed to 803
Kturuy. large Block of dlanionas, watches ,«tc
. TO-DAY— DRY GOODS . .
FOR^fO^DAYL
GREAT SPECIALS!
As an extra inducement to an inspection of our PEERLESS
DISPLAY OF NEW SPRING STYLES AND NOVELTIES now on
exhibition we have selected eight seasonable lines and offer them
to-day at prices that make them
Unmistakable Bargains!
GENTS' FURNISHING DEPARTMENT!
206 dozen MEN'S NEGLIGEE SHIRTS, regular price and good value for 50c <*)~n
each, will be placed on sale at.............:................................. &Oij
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
200 pieces ALL PURE SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, No. 40, 1~ n
regular price 25c a yard, will be offered at J.OL/
180 pieces ALL PURE SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, No. 60, 6}(\
regular price 35c a yard, will be offered at..:.......... .................. £\J\j
GLOVE DEPARTMENT! i;Jt
1000 pairs BLACK KID GIOVES, 5 and 7 hook, regular price $1 25 and $150 K 1 "/*
a pair (black only), will be placed on sale at..... DDL)
2000 pairs BLACK AND COLORED KID GLOVES, four buttons, embroid- fiji 00
ered backs, regular price $1 50 a pair, will be offerod at.... qpx. —
SUIT DEPARTMENT
250 BLACK ALPACA BROCADED SKIRTS, regular value for $150 each, (\% n
; ' will be placed on sale at ........ . J '. ... .'...„..................... «/Ot»
190 BLACK ALPACA BROCADED SKIRTS, regular value for $3 75 each, ©9 45
■will be placed on sale at... ......:............... .....' «p£. —
JUST RECEIVED— DOZEN LADIES' WAISTS
IN ALL THE LATEST DESIGNS.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS will be offered at. i... ............. Zfln Pflf»li
I Ml t MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/[/ ffiartet Slreei, Corner of Jom /
Sail Fraricisoo.
WRESTING LAND
FROM THE BAY
The Old North Point Cove
Will Soon Be
Filled In.
Improvements Which Will Make
the North End Attractive
and Prosperous.
Streets Will Ec Extended— The
Wheels of Manufacturing
Will Hum.
The northern side of the City is not
ben. nd in the general march of improve
ments now nnder way in all parts of the
City.
The Van Ness Avenue Improvement
Club, which gave a great impetus to im
proving the northern section of the City,
through its progressive president. Herbert
Law, is now gratified to see the fulfillment
of its scheme.
The extension of Van Ness avenue from
Broadway to Bay street was the opening
wedge, ?o to speak, for a further and more
extensive line of improvement in that
direction.
This is now in a fair way of beine
realized by the extension of Montgomery
avenue from its present terminus at Bay
street, to Beach, a distance of two block-.
Work o.i this extension has already
begun, and now the little muddy cove
must give way for new-made territory.
This avenue, which meets Jones street at
that point, will be extended sufficiently to
furnish direct street travel from the com
mercial center of the City to the old
woolen-mills.
The Foniana Packinz Company, in
conjunction with Ghirarclelli & Co.'s
spice manufacturing establishment to be
located in the old woolen-mills, will bring
a revival of business to that po tion of the j
north end. With this improvement Yon
Ne>a avenue will be extended one block
farther north, thereby giving a through
opening trom all parts of the City to trie
water front and military station at Black
Point.
The assessment on the property caused
by the extension of Montuoniery avenue
was inadequate to meet the expense, as
there will be some deep filling to be done
as the work i'rogrts-es into deep water.
This will necessitate the dumping of large
bowlders to form a dem where the sand
will be placed. But to meet this de
ficiency the Van Ness Avenue Improve
ment Club, on the -uegestion of Us presi
dent, subscribed $2600 in one lump on the
shortest notice.
With the extension of Montgomery ave
nue and the proposed extension of the j
seawall west from Taylor street to Larkin
t c cove at the foot of Jonus ssreet wiil be
rilled in, gtvine several acres of new
ground to the owners upon which sub
siautial buildings will in the near luiure
be erected.
Bay street, from Van Im ess nvenne to
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladiea who use Pozaowi's
Complexion Powder. Try it.
Leavenworth street, has been recently
paved and placed 'n first-clnsi condition.
Tact and Courtesy.
The wife of the Portuguese Minister to
Washington is one of the most beautiful
and charming women in the capital.
She has been only a iit'le while in this
country, and it was quite recently that
she paiJ her first visit to the White
Houte. When she was pres»nted to
Mrs. Cleveland she followed the European
fashion and courtesied to the President's
wife. Mrs Cleveland did not respond as
sue might have done; probably she was
taken by surprise. Certainly the Vis
countess de Santo Thyrso was surprised a
moment later to see mat other visitors
merely shook hands. Sne was flus
tered for a moment, for a lady
in the diplomatic circle hates above
all things to do anything not strictly
conventional. But she was not willing to
confess that she realized that she bad
made a mistake, so as she departed she
made the same low and graceful obeinance
that she had used when she arrived.
Washington talks of tl:is tactful lady in
increased admiration. — Leslie's Weekly.
K£w TO-DAT.
The gradual dimin-
ishing strength and loss
of vigor that results
from old age or sick-
ness is the sad con-
dition that confronts
: many people.
Yet this condition
would be entirely un-i
necessary in thousands
of cases if people only
knew that chocolate is
one of the most power-
| ful agents for restoring
| waning strength • and
vigor. That is, pure
chocolate, scientifically
made, fresh and strong.
GHIRARDELLI'S
Monarch Brand
Is the fresh and pure
Pacific Coast ; chocolate
and the most vigorous
strengthener of them all. ■ .-,. ;
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CKAKLK.-i H. . PHILLIPS. ATroKNBY.AT.
Law and - Notary Public, 638 Market a:., oppo -
' alt* Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Ueaideuce l&M ■
*'«U au»at. Teieplione - me " -JSWi. y
;.;-..;L;:....'- :;-,■; , • ■■ - . '-,' ■■■ : :d\
»■
ft "PATENTS! J
\S^som arket! aLSj^SS/ '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A BITTERS. THE
great >: Mexican t Kemedy: ' gives UealUt aa4
Sirtiijtib to the Sexual Organ*,